###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION

¦a
*L .

No. 4!)
1 Ti if
Veaii.
SH A W VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY,
guE
THURSDAY, JUNE
1900.
1.00 a Year in Advance.

i
BANK OF OTTAWA
60 Cords Hemlock Bark Want ad.
, I’avtics intending t » peal Hemlock hark
u foil!met
I
)
Mm I
< H'er Lake t!
Mrs. J. El
% friends nt Th-rnliv
Miss Lena Dale last Sunday.
il : in . • lie
Mr. Janie* l’ennett arrived 1
The Ladies' Aid met at t! on Thursday ai
fMends
mus ih
I
ft 14 at
JL
1 I
llrad O fît-. :
<'-«pilai ju;U t$u
Keat ...........
OTTAWA, CANADA
mg “t nery.
Il
OF CANADA.
vi-ited Mis. T. I)
i.7 n.o* 1,403.31
Board of Lirtdor*
Mr
ie Tubman MiK-nt X
I
BINDER TWINE.
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. h'tkrLittwZ w„",d Z
Andrew Ifavilan h, a man's coat. Owner
En I RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000. ™ th« name by ,M« ST. cent, fur
Dbhmis Murphy, £mq.	I _	I tniH notice and calling at Michael McCul-
laugh’s, i 1

Charles Maore, Esq., President. 1 B H .1 HQ , Vice President.
ÎToh. O ko. Riiybon, J F.
Alkx. Frahui. E"y,
%
pm
Head OHire, - Montreal.
ei noon
OEOROBBURN. D. M. FINN1E,
G* r.cral Manager .. .. Manager
Irregularities in transmission of mail matter from Ottawa to Shawville arc becoming annoyingly frequent of late, and it seems about time the P. (>. Inspec-Money loaned on approved security at I tor's attention was drawn to the matter,
reasonable rates.	[with a view to having an investigation
made.

Shaw ville Academy Monta Dej ’t.
Uran-hm •
IX ONTARIO : îxôêwstin. I anark,
Kempty lie, Tarry hound, Mattnw.i, Pembroke, Ottawa,	Bat Portage,
do HunkRt. Renfrew «lo IlideAu St* Toronto, Vanklcek Hill,	Pulls
IN MANITOBA :
.SHAWVILLE ItR.l.XCII,
Alexandria, A ni prior,
A v,minore, Biaoohfitlgf Carle to n
wSÎÏSt S*JSS uJSTTi We.»!1 the «
kh^iL^nnuHj 5, Ouilla VVilMon; (», Gar j nBliflulG
Grade ! — 1, Flore v Elli ; 2, b finie Crawford; .°», Hema McCredie; 4,
Irene Shaw; 5, Lena Caldwell; G, Evelyne Shaw.
Plymouth Special,
»
Farm#ri notai bought And collided.
Money transferred to all parts of the woMd. I. The Ratifnrd hide Ass n. had a mcet-
KAviTsifjM iiAVk'	ing on Monday evening to complote ar-
x *	I ra. gem on ta for their proposed «hooting
Accounts opened for amounts of one Uol-1 limtvh and dinner on the 21«fc inst. f at
Itichardaon’i hke. Eve ry « fort being put forth to make this event a success, and the committee are hopeful that their labors will he rewarded by a large attend ante on that date.
Tiare,
Hawkcalmry,
Dauphin,
Winnipeg
Fortage La Prairie IN QUE
Mont 1,	11UI.	î
Agente in Canada, New York ami Chicago-Bank of Montreal.
Agi ota in Ht. Fûul—Meiehaiit* Nat. Bank.
Agents in London, Eng.—Tun'a Bank Lt d.
Celebrated for its great length, evenness and freedom from inferior fibre and weighting substances, such gelatine size, french clay, etc. Always absolutely reliable, it insures the dealer against trouble, operates as smoothly with the Old as with the New Binder, gives the farmer the greatest value for its cost, aud there is no other twine made that will give such satisfaction, which in practical use, will be found so economical.
!ar* and upwards ami Intereat allowed
Office Hours
SATURDAYS .
10 A.M. TO 3 P..M.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
as
Sr. Elementary Dept
__ The intelligence of the occupation of ^ Grade III. —1, Harold VVj'son; 2, i the Boer capital, received here about ,,'u* burroughs; 3, Kathleen Wilson; 4, 10,30 on Tuesday morning, created quite	Aigue; f>, Annie Douglas; 0, John
a little sensation when it became known. (,rafford.
The tooting of several steam whistles at ,, Grade III.—1, Joe Knox; 2, Hiram irregular hour, had the effect of bring- Smiley; 3, Johnu'e Argue; 4, Roy Hor-ing nearly every citizen to the outer con llv[; ,F\Eh»ie Morrison; fl, Harry Lester, fines of his bailiwick, with the enquiry as *r’ Grade H.--J, Beryl Knox; 2, Pearl to what was up, and of course their cun-; ,	Bernice Wainman; 4, Percy
osity on this score was soon satisfied. Gvcsett; a, John Ilurrows,	‘
Pretoria was occupied by the British !
And the British subjects of a British town felt in a jubilating mood over the good news which meant that a bloody conflict was drawing to a close, with honor and success to the arms of our beloved
UNDERTAKING
Cuthbepteon,Graham dc Elliott still keep on hand a full supply of undertaking materials, which regarding quality are second to none. Prompt attention and charges moderate.
4
- #
What all Boys ought : to Know aqd Girls too.
an
or

Wanted—Girl to do general house work. Apply to
Mrs. J. A. Cowan, Shaw ville.
Born.—At Y arm, on May 28th, the wife of Mr. Win. E. 1 lodging of a dauvh-
M. MaTHEkon, Teacher
Do not be satisfied with your con's or your daughter's educa-catlon until you are sure they can :
1. Write a good legible hand.
& Spell all the words they know how to use.
3. Write and speak good English. 1. Carry on a conversation in French.
No other Twine is
Clarendon Council
ter
Town Hall, Shawville, June 4th, IfMJO.
I	I	I	_ Regular session of the Council this day.
Queen and country. The Academy pu- Members present, Mr. Mayor Thomas pi Is, released from the monotonous rout- Macfnmne ; Councillors, W. A. Hodgins,
Mr. L. D. Davis, who has bcdn a	citi-	hie of the class-room, soon made	them-	John Stewart, .John Smiley, Jas. Rohin-
zen of Shawville for many years,	pur-	heard with vehemence of articula-	sofl a,,d G. C. McDowell,
poses removing his family to Arnpriov, that would make a Comanche war* Minutes of last meeting read, where he has secured a good position Gor sigh for the happy hunting grounds Moved by coun. W. C. McDowell, sec-with McLachlin Bros.	of his dusky ancestors. The older heads onded by coun. John Smiley, that the
.	. .	v , smiled their approbation, and bestirred I “hautes of last meeting as now read be
Any person requiring bee supplies of ; themselves to get every available bit of and are hereby confirmed.—Carried, any kind, also empty boxes ready for the bunting speedily unfolded to the balmy I Moved by coun. W. C. McDowell, sec-bees, cheap, will tmd a large quantity on	breezes of a delightful June day.	«aided by coun. James Robinson, that
hand at Lie \ arm apiary.	In the evening the exuberance of	patri-	{'eo* Stanley be paid (7.00 for repairs on
h. Mt Janet, Manager, otio feeling found vent in the flaring illu- Quy(,n bridge.—Carried.
The skimming station at the station mhiation of a gigantic bonfire on the ex- Moved by conn. John Stewart, second-hero commenced operations this week hibition grounds, where a large crowd of by coun. VV, C. McDowell, that Thos.
The building is thoroughly equipped citizens assembled, foremost among whom ( raig be paid (4.00 in full of all claims with all the modern appliances tor the was Mayor Hynes, who directed the pro- against this Council up to date.—Carried, work which it is to perform.	feedings, and subsequently made a brief Moved by coun. James Robinson, sec
.PL r _	4., a .	, ,	speech befitting the occasion. The vil- onded by coun. W. A. Hodgins, that a
, or ns many of the members v°b> thanks of this Council be and is ¦	. „¦ together, j hereby tendered to Thos. Craig for the
,	.	- --------,...joticaira, concluding prompt attention to the calls of thin
n r vulay evening, with the National anthem, after hearty Council.—(>.ri led.
; cheers had been given for f 1er Majesty, Petition of George Connelly and ten Lord Roberts, and the Canadian con- others asking for a grant of three hundred dollars, • » b • xpended on the road froni «Slack Caldwell’s to Thomas Wallace's, on the 6th range, read and seconded, that the petition of George
( mnelly and ten others be and is hereby
Since our last issue arrangements have	o\ er.—-Carried.
been made whereby the visit of Sir Char- . , 0Vc‘cl h>’ l'*un- J°hn Stewart, second-
les Tupper, leader of the Opposition, has *(1 ^ c?>in* A- Hodgins, that Wm
been changed from the evening of-Friday, r,'wn B?11} f()r Cfct-ars» fifc cents ? ?*0*#*,*A_ Timfl 99n,i fn tho	v..,./. each. — Carried.
" JUST AS GOOD ” AS PLYMOUTH.
i
At North Clarendon, on Sunday, May 27, to Mr. and Mrs. W. C R. Legett, a
Plymouth is cheapest because it goes
farthest.
son
5.	Write a good social letter.
6.	Write a good business letter. |
7.	Add a long column of figures in |j a limited time.
8.	Make out an account.
9.	Receipt it properly when paid.
10. Deduct lt>j per cent from the
face of it.
If you find that your son or your daughter is deficient in these things send him to the best place to learn these necessaries.
The best place is the
As usual, we can supply our customers with aoove brand and guarantee lowest
!
1
prices at
any time during season. Prices are
not likely to be any higher than
at present.
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE.
The Ladies Aid Society „f ihc P„rtage Inge hand, or m ....... ... ulc ,
.Ui Port Freeh, n congregation will thereof as could he mustered ' M K,v;f ««upper #nd concert at the town discoursed a few i*,tri Zs* hall, 1. i). htf, on Friday evvniin'. with V«.h,«ui June 20th
J. H. SHAW

—iOwSS
b«e pewters
WANTED :
Wagon and can;a e wood workers. Steady
Gallery Closbi».—Owing to the ab sence th	f Photographer in,is. i tiugents.
at Coulonge	and Beachburg the '	_	—?-
Ottawa, Ont.	Pontiac House	gallery will be closed Date of	Sir Charles Tupper’a	Visit
...... -till further notice.	Changed.
employment to good men.
Address, Ottawa Car Co., Limited,
Moved
LOCAL NEWS.
The Rev. Alex. Elliott arrived here from Nogales, Arizona, last week, after a sojourn of (1 months in that place assisted in the services at St. Paul’s on
Call in and see our Bain wagon, made by the Massey-Harris company.
The Rev. W. Russell preached in the Methodist church here on Sunday.
Now is your time if you wish for a view of your residence. Call on Irnison.
We regret to report the serious illness of Mr. Thos. Prendergast, of Radford.
He
^"«A*	—
The building committee of St. Ste- day, June 23rd, which will afford Moved by coun. W. f . McDowell, sec-phen’s church, Thorne West, are calling a much better opportunity to people from ',m ea '7 toun. Jas. Robinson, that road for tenders for the completion of the a distance, especially tho.-.e of the back insPectort Jc'-m Grant, is hereby instruct-

KABN IS KING
stone tower and belfry. See adv't. else- sections, to hear the veteran statesman. cd to see that Samuel Young allow the
where in to-day’s issue.	Arrangements have also been made WHtev nm off the road in tlie old water
course. — Carried.


Mr. James Miller, formerly proprietor of the Pembroke Standard, died at Chicago last week.
WANTED, at once as nurse, a girl of 15 or 10 years of age. Apply to
Mrs. It. H. Klock,
Shawville.
OF ALL PIANOS.
1hih to W ftl(hum	A
of the upper end of the county to reach î,mes mcntloned on Lot 13, on 4th Shawville without difficulty early in the *'-ngc, states they are equally practicable afternoon. Cheap rates will he *»iven, for ,l roa^* Moved by coun. John Stew-and tickets will be good to return on a£fc’ svcomled by coun. W. A. Hodgins, train going west the same evening. These *Council Lake no action in ref errâtes and time table will be published to opening a sideline on either side next issue, with further information ns But No. 13, on 4th Range, until the to the character of the meeting, which it Powe.rH °* this Council in reference to is expected will be very large.	| opening roads are more defined.—Car
veloped in other respects

A gentleman named Mulligan, has en For groups, crayon portraits, large ! *n the enterprise of catching stur-
frames, etc., call at the Art Studio, Pun-1 KeVn 0,1 the Ottawa river near the
oennetuz, and is mi :i<_r with fair ¦
cess. The fish are barreled up and ship ped to Montreal.
HIGH GRADE
Fully Warranted
ONE QUALITY

HIGH CftADE
i0 | Fully Warranted
ONE QUALITY
ns
tiac House.
Rev. W. Knox and Mr. R. H. Whiteside attended conference at Gananoquc last week.
sue

r
ssp f
Dr. Penuoyer, of Buckingham,
Vet. L. Mulligan reports having seen I ^ Sunday s train to hold a consulta
a beautiful deer within a short distance I	^	,,,	, 88 *'° the condition
of the village on Thursday,	Mr. Fred Xaughan, whose illness still
1 .©mains in a critical state.
came

6
f -

H Moved by coun. XV. A. Hodgins, seconded by coun. VV. C. McDowell, that
Remember the lawn social at Mr W I	I Miss ,$ellA Queale was the guest of the|/A,nvs kmghren be and is hereby exempt
Mayhem's, Bristol Corners, on Friday Mar; W/ B* Cniwford received by train j Misses Scully last Saturday and Sunday. ‘™niJgV1”8 hlH Municipal and Bonus tax evening June 8th.	* J on Monday a s^n of Shetland ponies, j Mr. Sergeant Brock, of Kazubazua,	on account of his loss by fire,
dog-cart and express, with complete waa the Otter Lake House from Mon- the same to charged to the muni-Next Wednesday, June 13th, is the	equipment, the whole outfit having been	'day till Wednesday.	cipality.—Carried,
date of the regular quarterly meeting of	purchased from an Ottawa gentleman.	j Mr. A If.	Howard,	representing Messrs.	Moved by coun.	John Stewart,	second-
Coupty Council.	Conoly & Church, Madoc, was at the T ^ coun. W. A. Hodgins, that Mr.
Rev. Mr. John E. Mavoty, retiring Another aged resident of Bristol in the Otter Lake House several days of the	he paid for the road scrapers.—
pastor of Granby church, was elected	P®rB(,n °\Mr, XV m.^ McLellan, joined the	peet week.	Married.
president of Montreal Conference on Fri-	*dent majority on Sunday, after a brief	Mr. W.	Moore,	of	the	Otter	Lake	At this juncture	the	Council	adjourn-
llhiess, terminating in heart failure. He j House, was at Calumet Islind and Bry- ed-	H. Mathescn,
had almost completed his 79th year. The ! son the past week.	I	Sec -Treasurer,
funeral took place on 3 ueeday,	A number of young ladies and gents |55=5
Lawn Social.—The ladies'Aid Society '7e.nfcupth1ePickanock to 866 Uilmour’s
of Starke’s Corners Presbyterian congre- j of lo8* 8om8 over 801110 of the gation intend holding a lawn locial at «he w'*" vv xr	,	,, ,
residence of Mr. James Cuthbertson on I, , r?‘ .	.n: . Moore, o the Calumet
Thursday evening next, June 14th A * V? visiting her friends up here, cordial welcome to all.	' I Mr. Richard Farrell, sr., has gone to
North Bay.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Gereaux, and Messrs. Jas. and David Gereaux, of Mali-
only
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
only
That the Best !
'LL &
That the Best !
kM

Our Mr. J. R. Horner, Shawville,
Will be pleased to forward your name and address, and as our tuners will h# starting out as soon as the roads become good, if you have an organ or piano which needs tuning, repairing or cleaning, we will do the work for you at city prices. We are making up the route now, so kindly send Mr. J. R. Homer your name ; state particulars as to what is wrong with your instrument. If an organ be particular to state if reeds are broken, and which key they affect, counting each key—both black and white—commencing at the last key on the left or bass end. And if strings or hammers are broken, state whether Square or Upright, maker s name, and which key is affected, also counting each key from left hand. The strings vary in thickness for each note, hence this inform, ntion is helpful. We arc making up our list, so write Mr. Horner, Shawville at as early a date as possible. All work fully guaranteed.	'
day
Mr. Henry Mullin, Grand Trunk Cu -toms officer at Montreal, was killed by an engine on Friday while crossing the track near Point St. Charles subway.
Mr. R. B. Roosevelt, of New York, who has just returned from the Paris Exposition, pronounces the whole thing a gigantic fake.
A picnic is to bo held in McCord’s XVe notice with pleasure in connection Grove, North Clarendon, on Thursday, Wlt*1 t® recent*Nornial School examina
cZS’Zfm*U" “* *-* seÆAZ-Ar.ww,o,r”““'”i	..................
,	passed in the Model School class, and I Mr. Jas. Horner, representing the Electors of the County of Pontiac will be
Mr. Ireland, student, in charge of Por- Miss Margaret Macfarlane, of Clarendon, Karn Co-» was at the Otter Lake House held la Shawville on Saturday, the 23rd tage du Fort parish during Rev. R. War who was awarded a special diploma Friday and Saturday.	, T .	.
rington’s absence, conducted the morn- ...	| Mias Bella Lu minis, of Greermount, is ivt J 11,16 a 0 0 clock* p* m*’ whcn
ing service at St. Paul’s church last Sun- Owing to the increased cost of paper- the guest of Miss Edith Farrell the past gin CharlAQ TlinnPn
which like neatly every other commodity ; week.	Sans Ceremonie. I	uppci ,
has advanced very appreciably during the I	_______—	I Lender of the Opposition, and others will
past few months—the Ottawa daileis	GREERMOUNT.	, address the audience In the interest of the
have increased their prices from (2 to $3 j	___ L
«mu 1 JL	u „ P®r annum. The Equity will continue j Every person around here seems to be onflerva IVt ar3-
those who are in arrears would send in Most of the farmers have finished put Mr. John Douglas, B. A., late teacher	the “ needful ’ to help us adhering to	ting in their crops,
at Portage du Eorfc, has been engager! to	this resolve. Our 17th year has now	Mr. Homes, who travels for the inter-1 wiM	be	held	at the same	place, on the same
complete the term of Principal at the	pretty nearly run its course, and we hope	ests of the Frost & Wood Co., passed	! day	to	elect	officers,	etc.
Academy here, in consequence of Mr.	all those whose subscriptions expire with	through here this week.
Vaughan having been incapacitated from	it will do us the very great favor of re-	Mr W. J. Smith and family left today
so doing through illness.	newing promptly.	for the Gatineau on a visit to his sister.
MASS MEETING OF ELECTORS AT SHAWVILLE,
Saturday, dune 23,1900.

THE D. W. KARN CO. Ltd.,
197 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
day
Teachers Wanted.
NOTICE.
St. Paul's ehuroh was the scene of a 0 a.
m. wedding on Wednesday, the contracting parties being Mr. Jas. K. Root of Kingston and Miss C. A., daughter of the late
The Board of School Commissioners of We the undersigned employers, contract*
.M'feSeiupto thffir of’Teihrf NH>vtive pl2s o'f	fur u!" %%
the clock in the morning of Wednesday hired help, at the hour of five o'clock,
the twentieth day of June. 1900, for the p.m., on Saturdays during the ¦ purpose of engaging Teachers to fill the mnnthH vacancies in the 13 schools in the Muni ,nomns* cipality -(Elementary Teachers.) Also one Teacher for the Model School.
By order, H. MATHBSON,
Sec.-Treasuier,
Shawville, Que.
A Meeting of the Liberal Conservative Association
summer
McCredik & Hodgins, Cuthhertson, Graham & Elliott. The Shawville Milling Co. Armstrong & Dale.
Shawville, May 23th, 1900.
E. GRAHAM,
President.
Elmside, May 25, 1900.
1

èL



\
%



k
\

/

a
1



* ¦
###PAGE###2###
,
1
was to supreme commend Mat • firm
order to Ivirehbuoh not to continue the struggle, and to avoid everything that
might bring ou afresh one.
Not only did the General, however, i this command, but Instigated üoae and tlurtmann, oomumndlhg the Eleventh end the to act likewise, by
ORDERS WERE DISOBBÏED
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
BVBRORHBN VINB&
Notes and Commucts.
The winter honeysuckle Is e ellmb-
vine with heavy dark green foll-
[f trained, and vlnee fastened
Ut will go to the top of your house
There are three varieties, white, pink
and yellow—nil three being nearly »»
The short wool skirt la convenient I fragrant as the tuberose
for walking and also when driving. The " running winter Ivy,-
when the n finer shade than the honeysuckle,
an It
HOUSEHOLD.
but they brought victory in
SEVERAL BATTLES.
ng
Although, since the opening of the lipoeltion, there lias been some abatement of the ebmw lately vente* upon
Rnglend end English P**l* lh*
Peris newagmpers, nobody doubts the In the autumn, the campaign of vituperation and oelumny will be revived. ft<i ^ ^ never in the way
Whet are the causes of the animosity vvearer g0ts \Q or ovlt of a carriage land is lees trouble to manage with which Frenchmen regard their ^ n#eda both bands with the reins. It requires no training or	0
British neighbors? The London Spec- % l§ not loo ahort Lt la not unbeoom- vinos. Its nature la to dingoiimo
t.tar has attempted recently toae-	A wrltor tells bow to make «	spread fan-l.ke	l“
chosen—for too much weight t" I , t ^oat proof
Ï M ~	I—
but with the tend-
the nar-
tge
WHAT BUNFLOWHRA ARB GOOD
FOIL
Somebody who claim* to apeak from practical knowledge hat made out the following lists of valuable products that can he extracted out oi the sunflower. 1. Oil from the seed. X The seed cake. Thus U the leeidie left from the seed after the oil 14 extracted. It could be used as a food for cattle ; also the he ids and seeds, if chopped up together, can be used as ensilage. 3 The seed alone Is an excellent food for poultry. A yellow dye is made from the blossom. 5. The (lowers produce very fins honey and wax. In England one or two farmers .make nearly £.*1)0 a year from honey alone. 6. The fibers from the stalks. By treating it like flax, fine, silky fiber can be obtained is large quantities. The Chinese use it to a great extent lui their »Uk fabrics. 7. Potash from stalks. 8. stalks are used as fuel.
Ignora

Von
respectively Bavarian Corps, lending him their support in the offensive operations he had resolved That this act of insuhordina-
teltan Thus Wen lilt
---1 Nhowlug The*
Wltl* ineirticihui'
SHORT DR1ÎS8B9

ii Ollier lnslimwt Klrlrl t'ompltaiir*
Would Hrtve Be vu l’»Wl
Literal obedience to the military orders of the General commanding
In battle has always been con-
By soldier
is not only mount the man in the ranks, but the officers in command of a regiment, a brigade, a division ot a corps, as the case may be.
DISCIPLINE REQUIRES IT.
Obedience to orders Issued from the Germany i	_ 4	_ r
head |f ini rtera of the comma nder put from l.HW.OOO tons in 1K72 to.7 -lv
responsible for the plan of battle ha* m in ik!«U. Australian coal, and from
ever been regarded as the first duty uf	to £>.52 f°r English,
those subordinate in rank, but in Switzerland Imported 15,027 bicycles charge of separate units of the whole. ,n ww, the highest priced ones, lo w, Disobedience to orders emanating from coming from Belgium, and the mves sui'U authority during the stress of |^.16, coming from America. Uu y
conflict is a crime punishable with twenty-one
either death or Court-martial, the sov-
erity depending upon the loss sustain- England received •>>->,-l- ^^th ed or the seriousness of the result due 8boes from the United ta os n to a noncomplianoe with the orders The wholesale price of English shu.-s received. There are many instances imported to Sweden is from $ •	0
on record, however, which go to show g'j.M a pair, that the officer in supreme command, j Laboring not having all the details of a vast Belgium wear
field of operations weli in hand, or per- from 8 to Cl) cents a pair, haps misjudging the situation, or, days they wear leather »	001,***
again, acting upon misleading infor- from 7ôe, t«l fl-Ufi a pair, or co mation, has given such orders to a pers costing from *.5 o a cen s a
subordinate having command of an flo fine ready-made sh«'e ¦¦ >»rt
shoes cost from gl ou logo
Buenos Ayres supplies all the (ur the foot-wear of the Del-

an
upon
tloii was justified the defeat of the French decisively proved.
army
side red a soldier's duty.
FOREIGN BUSINESS NEWS.
Infor uiAttoM fulled
of llailSfM
Iront Varies» Contre».
as colonisers
rivale In West and Central Africa, and in southern China, and by the
in France that Eng-the enemies of their Ru-s-We wvuld not deny that
*rnu>*
•re
ncreased her pig Iron out-
belief current lishmen are eian allies, these :
¦otne influence
aprout at once. U you order roots or cuttings from friends, to be sent by mail or otherwise, caution them to send the kinds we name, as the others would only be a half pleasure to you, while these would be a perfect
wheels were imported in
Tha
lions __
ewutered in England the one Insup-
their fulfilment
a slender woman
, j o	ency to sag at the sides
for England, Frame.	( t breadth 311d the circular
second-
DRY FOOD FOR HOGS A hog# time is worth nothing, •« let him earn hie living by the sweat <vf hie jaw. Soane will argue that hogs will put on more fat with the same food if they cau oat with the least e** ertion and then lie down. But bow about digestion? They will drink 11 down and often be compelled to dnnl more water thn-n they need in order to get the necessary solide. Then, ogam, it will pass through t horn undigested, and will be quite a lose in this direction. Of couine, you need not put so much water, in, but just dampen It. Hut by this wny they will swallow II down in large mouthfuls, and the digestion is no better. Let them eal it dry and they will chew) It and mis it with saliva, and then it la ready to do the must good.
arable obstacle to and that, but Instead of sinking into a
would have been domin-and the mistress of the
deligtht
sides; the wide front breadth, with
two pieces having the side seams
quite directly over the hips, which is
and
classes and farmers in wooden shoes costing
On Sun-
STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE.
class power and In Europe great eat Co lo ni a 1 E mpi c e
globe.
One pint flour, one-half teaspoonful salt, one large tablespoonful butter, heaping teaspoonful baking powder, half pint sweet milk. Mix inl° a soft dough, with a spoon, and bake in well-heated oven for about fifteen minutes. Put the dough in a tered round pan with straight sides about eight inches in diameter.
Before mixing the cake have two
the
on
said to prevent the sagging ; the five gored skirt, which gives the chance of shaping well over the hips It is certain that, but for the trea- ^ th(W6 inoliu0j to stoutness.
•are, the blood and the genera Is h P ^ other skirt demands more exact contributed by England to the anti ^ning than any OI10 0f these at the French coalition in the early years ^ Three and one-half yards of the eighteenth century Louis MV.	-uffloient (or the width at the
would have succeeded iu effecting a bMom The length, which, oorrect-co« soli dation with France, under i o ^ ^ three or four inches from the Bourbons of Spain, Naples, the Dm by ^ ^ according to the use (or which
of Milan, the Spanish Netherlands.ami	^	^	^ put 8hould be arranged
In a word, all the Spanish posai ssi after the skirt is mounted upon the tn Europe, as well as all Spain s de-
America and in the East
one
important number of troops and hold- and custom position of greuL value, which, u puir
but-
mg a
if they had been implicitly obeyed leather
rr r,r;„r z
quarts berries, hulled and. it neces- imposaible to accomplish, thus turn, diameter are worth "om $W.> to91 o sury, washed and well drained of wat- jng ft p<>89ibb, victory into defeat. a thousand feet In Hotter a™‘ or. When the cako is done break iq IT TAKES NERVE TO DISOBEY. is worth £>8; white ouk |4d; hickory
In two parts or layers with a silver u0w Nelson received the order to refork, butter the inner part of the treftt given by sir Hyde Darker at the	Bordeaux buys about 40,000,000 bariei
bottom of the cake and	cover it well	battle	o£ Copenhagen is one	of the	staves per	year, all but two mi Iwu	u
with strawberries, crushed a little and	m(>st	stirring episodes of	history,	which come from Austria,
well sugared. Then put	on the other	\yben	it was communicated	to him	Bremen	leieivcd 1,0 lo, j a 0	0
Putter this	that the signal to leave off action had	American	cotton up to November	1,
are

belt, as that is the only way to get
----	.	a precise and even adjustment of the
Indies But for Marlboroug	length. Too much emphasis cannot
solide lion would have been untr.
melled with the conditions imposed >y
conditions
minions in
be placed upon this point, as a short
COMPOSTING liOG MANURE.
Manure from bogs ought always te be comported and mixed with 01 hef exci eim n tu feimtmt. 1 h« exvr meol ti\MU pigs does not heat readily, and when drawn on the land to be*pr ad thinly before being plowed undi It will not ferment sufficiently to de much good the first season ed with the excrement from horses the faults of eatxh help to correct thereof the other. Horse excrement boats too rapidly and is liable to fire* fang or be burned in the heap, leaving nothing but the msb aa manure ék>mi farmers make a hog yard back of ( bel# stables, allowing the bogs to root the piles of horse manure wbi*-a thrown out from grain-fed hordes. If the horses are fed on whole grain the bogs will get thus a good leal of their keep, and on rooting over the horse manure their own mont will be mixed with it.
skirt, hanging with billowy unevenness, is most unpleasantly conspicu-The finish at the bottom is ai
the Treaty of Utrecht, which divided, and were intended to di-
did not only side, showing the plaid or plain ac-
Misaisslppi Valley, cording to taste, and with a number
Make the
half, brown part up
well and cover thickly with the rest been hoisted on the Admiral's ship, the lhUV.	,	.
of the strawberries and sugar them London, he turned to Captain Foley, | France, Algeria an unis promet
czxxnz'srjz izz—-“• - - i-wr
in place and make the cake look bet- "Foley, you know I have only one ( acres of vineyan s in ..pain in	.
ter. Eat the cake while warm with eye. 1 have a right to be blind some- \ in Spain ur runoe 8
1 nh cultivating unless they are
grafted with the American vine which
renders them proof against the in-
ous.
North America an which, including as it
“otsïs.'ïïsï ir. :: zzl... ,
^ .8j by the Brttish colonies in Am- silk, brllliantine, mohair or heavy
the same period French- lawn.

If cream is times!” Then, raising his telescope to
W L
plenty of sweet cream.
not to be obtained try this sauce, his blind eye, he added which is as old-fashioned as this kind not see the signal 1”
SlÜi i|ifs lëpss
• —» p“‘ '¦ * zrz\z.	..... -
**¦6
Two thousand varieties of chrysanthemums wore exhibited at the last

If mix*
'T really do
erica. About
mi
is "V&risrs if&srz
nothing in India except I*on-flicherry end Chandernagore. tor the loas of her hasoent empires in the
|*ew World and in India France had Englishmen to thank.
dings

Last,

serve warm
m
®
over
are

excre*

of the
pass to the wars French Republic and First Umpire.
for the opposition of the English fleet m the Mediterranean Napoleon s conquest of Egypt would have been
permanent, and would followed certainly by the occupation
overland expedi-
Let ns
î
I
WHICH BREED

sons.
But
slaughter that on the morrow the
mmmmmSSmm
a	1 to whom was instructed the delivery in lbJA	u . .¦
#= wmm
S-iSSSs
They carried W,0til,8tiU are times when more money oan be
of got out of it by making it into butter.
r/
In discussing broe la Hoard s TV.ry
question of
WHAT THE NATIONS DRINK.
have been
France Ike Large*I Consumer and Canada
liic filial lent.
Syria and also, by an tir>n against India. Here, again, there would have been nothing visionary in French dream of nggrandize-had not EnglanI blocked the Neither will any one deny that,
0
the
ment
way
but for England’s implacable hostility. Napoleon's hold upon Spain and Portugal would have remained unshaken, or that his control of central iDurope, from Hamburg to Naples,

%
Corsage of pastel green cashmere.
Vest and yoke of cream lace and would have lasted as long as he lived. moussel$ne It ls trimmed with black
Even after Napoleons downfall Log- ve]vet ribbon at the edges of fronts,
land continued to obstruct the efforts anrf alao around yoke in back and
of reviving Frauoe for rehabilitation. over the shoulders
When ihe Belgians revolted against ?e|vet
Holland in 1830 they would gladly cu£fa.
have chosen for their Sovereign a son
bring
And on the aide-de-camp telling him 3,737 miles, their purport he added with extreme passengers
freight.
astounding.
Take, for instance, the consumption of wine. In Great Britain each per-
Collar of black Sleeves cut with pointed Material required, cashmere, 40 inches wide, 2 yards.
and	ti, 016,120 tons
The aggregate profits were
less hauteur:
consumes, on an average,
than haU	“bree^ me, air, that the Third Division under | All ihe soup in Paraguay is made
...............MMlurtEBBW HiB
rascals ! Come on, ye fighting villian.il1 come from Germany and the latter	^
ha pul himself at the head of his men from Great Britain.	depend» large y 0f the butter
and galloped forward to redeem hia Warsaw is the center of the watch of cream, nuU e	rmllk.
trade for Hu.sia, and 8,vit,erland .ell. maker u, removmg «he buttermilk.
over a million rubles’ worth annually.
son
"You may tell Lord Wellington for £i,U3U,U70
LONG-KEEPING BUTTER
of Louis Philippe. but the English forced them to accept for their ruler Prince Leopold of Saxe<oburg-Oot ha, who had married the daughter of
forties
Keeping butter for a considersbl#
mu< II Id
many
THE SPITTING IIARIT.
George IV. In the early Thiers, then Premier, saw port unity of gaining for France the long-coveted ascendancy in the Orient, by encouraging I bra ham Pashas attempt to dethrone the Ottomin Sultan and to substitute Meheinet All as Commander of the Faithful. Already had Ibrahim conquered Syria and a of Anatolia, when England in-
an op- both frotm the basis of decency and danger to public health. It is much easier to prevent the formation of a habit of this kind in a hoy than to correct it in a man. and herein lies the mother's part in the warfare
thirty-eight millions, is
hundred and forty million gui-
de ripening
nine
Ions a year — eight times as much as is used by the one hundred and sixty million peuple of Great Britain, Ger-and the United States taken to.
promise.
^ and rinsing are well done, butter tubbed carefully and covered
PIGS IS SCAVENGERS.	I ""	3TZST ‘
Every family can keep one or two ^ w o{ preservative, other pigs, using as fuod refuse from the | ^ ^ heartily condemned. Chemi-table aud the parings of potatoes and I ^ pronu)te keeping quality are other vegetable» cooked tor food. d ruUB aUuiteranU. If, the three This will, perhaps, need to be eupie-	dairyiog are observe.!
menled by a little grain, but the ei- c|6anlmefl9| eave and cold, the keeping
r,“ .t'iMbrï^ïS *»“•» b- “ "" —
If me breeding #o# is kept its pigs able demand, will supply the family with meat for a year, at much less expense than buying it in the city markets.
against spitting.
No extension of woman’s rights is
If ripening
REFUSED TO RETREAT.
Although Colonel — afterward Sir Henry—Uardinge cannot be said at Albuera to have acted in direct contravention to orders, his assumption of command at a time when commander of the allied armies, General Beresford, had virtually ordered a retreat, would, but for its resultant success, have entailed on him serious
many get her.
It is often said, the French drink
necessary to make mothers a power In this neglected realm required is return to a duty once faithfully discharged—but in the rush of modern life neglected—the vigilant maternal supervision of boys during the years in which their habits are
formed.
The boy who is taught that to spit the hearth, the steps—anywhere about the .house—is an infringement upoei the rights of the family that will not be tolerated is not likely as a to infringe upon the rights of
pari
te i pose il, compelled him to retire to Egypt, and brought to naught the French designs. Once more, it was as clear to every intelligent Frenchman un the sixties as it was to Napoleon 111. thet their expedition against Mexico, and the establishment there
Empire u'uder Maximilian,
All that is
while other nations drink beer or
Of beer alone the
thaw
wine
spirituous liquors mtatemeut is, indeed, partially true. The annual consumption per capita in Great Britain is about thirty-one gallons, in Germany twenty-seven gallons, in the United States thirteen gallons, and in France five and one-half gallons. But the French people consume more spirits per inhabitant than any of the other countries. The
for Great Britain one
the
viz
of an
would end in a fiaaoo if the forces of tht* Union were permitted, to crush
It wue
consequences.
As it was, by ordering Generals Cole and Abercrombie to advance with their divisions he completely changed the fortunes of the day, and, by driv-the French before him down the hill, converted an almost certain defeat into a brilliant victory.
BATTLE OF WORTH.
That the battle of Worth was won by the Germans was entirely owing to an act of gross disobedience on the part of General Kirchbach, who was at the head of the Fifth Corps engagement chanced to commence before the German forces were concentrated, and the Grown Prince, who
on
the Southern Uunfedei
of that conviction that N.«pu-
ll EGiULAR FLOW OF MILK.
managed ai of (milk
in view
loon III. tried so long and so earnestly to persuade the British Government to take part in a joint interBut for England's refusal
man
the public by spitting upon the sidewalks, on the floors or steps of public buildings, or in the cars.
In the meantime, however, there la generation of full-grown, active spdtters to be reckoned with in the interest of the public health, and It if In the opinion of those who have given
careful attention to that these can be reached more effectively by the dissemination of knowledge upon the subject than by city ordinance or law.
figures are quarters, and France more than two gallons for each person.
The report also shows the interest-fact that the consumption of alcoholic beverages in Canada is smaller than in any other country from which statistics are obtainable.
Unless the cows are so to yield the gi test quantity
effort will be In velB
ing
FOR HIS HEALTH.
I don't understand h im. He reverses the usual rule and openly asserts that be in in politics for his health. Well, if you, analyze the statement,
that’s all right, llow so?
Why, he believe» that luxurious living is conducive to health. . Well?
And money Is necessary for luxurious living. There you hive It in ft nutshell.
possible, every to maintain a regular flow of nu To a very considerable ext en’ *ie manner of keeping a oow	al
-her production, and this in » degree regulate» her protVabb"1-* It is therefore eeaentlst tbet management be «uob es -l*1 maintain the beet iwsstois reeull»
vent 100	¦ ¦	.	_
to cooperate In that plan the Southern Confederacy would probably have acquired Independence. Maximilian would bo still ruling in Mexico, and Napoleon 111. would have been peacefully succeeded by bis son Finally, French talent nnd French' capital built the Suez Can*!, and secured a preponderant interest in Egypt, only to see Ihe artificial waterway and the whole of the NU* Valley pass under British control.
mg
the matter
The
Queen Victoria never removes from her hand the three rings connected with her courtship and marriage.
4
J
À


)

###PAGE###3###


SCOUTS OP THK SKY.

Roberts, notwithstanding statements
to the contrary, is not at all likely
to be created a Duke. Only two men,
have
JOTTINGS ABOUT THE WAR
“No, I nm a progressive Conservative, and I believe the truest conservatism consists In doing the utmost
Wo can only
UNREQUITED LOVE. *
Perth «M et. ffwpler, Bmglsmd # r meus Fxprvl Wllh Wnr HallaeiM.
==ï EiÉiEB mmm
feotion. While, to bo exact,
I'ampler wasn’t born in a balloon, yet the greater part of bis life has been passed in the air. As a boy at Harrow he was a balloonist, and at Cambridge ho was the only undergraduate who kept a balloon know all the great aeronauts of Kings land, and be was one of the first me»
we can tor the people teach them to respect the privileges of property by letting them taste the sweetness of (p<<«session Is no stauncher Conservative than When It pleased y(,Ur workingman who has saved a
i
Or mm I Il»ihii#* IlHiighier ni Hrhiiol In Bniil«ii<l-ll»ir* lin* on llir llumilml Pulrlotlr ill high* The Ile III f of Ijuly^inlih si I ttsihrldjc *? Si,,
âr.
Minnie Botha, the 11-year-old daughter of General Botha, of the Transvaal array, Is a pupil in a school
at llighgate, London.
“1 hey are all civilian doctors here, ' writes a wounded Dragoon from Naauwpoort Hospital, "and they are very nice men."
The Bencher» of the Inner Temple are considering whether President titeyn, being a traitor to the Queen, can legally remain a member of their inn.
There

Mill
BY MISS M. K BHADDON.
CHAPTER I.	ways t*wn happy H	HHHH
—as mm
'zz:t«z» - v... .I.’! <•<'> ..« - "¦*" “ -«•-
Is were the Cleopatra to
earldom, with special remainder. Even had he not gone to South Af- ( he would be entitled to a
an
Col
new
rien
grant of his barony, extending the remainder, seeing that he had only to whom to leave the barony,
one son and lost t h u nun in battle.
The Grenadier Guards wore nick-
Aii a lad he

should drag out a life of suffering to the Sc riptural threescore and ten. |ng fo(>w sorry a figure this hum h-I.ady Law lunar thought that Provi- backed step-noil of Ikth would make den re would have done well to take Upon b public platform; how poorly her husband's afflicted «on, and to him low, grave tone** would sound after
fine, healthy Hold wood’s base bellowing, a voice to fill th.*> place which I he	thundered and reverberated
In her heart of hearts she was think-
named "The Coalheavera" because they were at one time allowed to work in plain clothes at odd job» for private employers. The Seventh F<>ot were I he
cause at one time all their officers "had been chosen from other corps.” The Forty si* th owed their name of "The Lacedemonians" to their colonel’s stirring speech on the ancient Spartans. Like many other regiments, "The Gallant Fiftieth" received several nicknames—‘ The Blind Half Hundred," from their ophthalmic troubles in Egypt, and "1 he Dii 'y Half Hundred," because in their Peninsular fights they wiped themselves with their black facings

mar wo
that watery Antony. The stream has such a languorous flow Just at this point ; the river here spreads Itself loto such a placid expanse, that one would hardly credit the current with force enough to turn a watermill or
Ifgpll	=5L..............................
r5, •? hsTL *r 1	5 srst:
Ids populace oaie	..	. go much better for them both; eepeol- ihcmglitsff It ia to satisfy this desire
waters, it pu s on e	ally for her. Lashmar was fourteen that Mechanics’ Institutes are built;
smoke and dirt on y a ew mi «	when his father died, and Victorian |t ja for this that an Athenaeum is a
was five 9 difference of nine years; p]eaHUI,t thing in a town, and Lnshvnar was old for his years
He had never been at any public answered I" replied her ladyship,
. school. He had not ventured to face .eomewhat evasively, neys, and taints the atmosphere wjio ^ ^ght-heertsd republic of a univer- | «Xben { will do my best to answer the mixed odors of the people. But	What Bhoy!d he, the pariah, him next Wednesday week,” said Lash.
here there is no hint of that great ^	one, do there, among the__	_______
Industrial centre. No one basking on	and	robust f He	bad been	meeting	at	the Town Hall	on	that
the green slope above this glassy	br<mght	up in cottonwool,	as It were.	njght	Colonel Millington,	the	new
stream, between a foreground of im- ^ a middle-aged tutor, who had Conservative candidate, is going to
memorial oaks, would suspect the ex-j	with b|ra from his teutb year, âd(jreeM the electors. It is expected
and who remained with him as lib- Boldwood will be in full force and that and secretary, and he had an there will be a row. Spillington Yet although its smoke made no ^ aervant. He had traveled a good	a,kad me to support him — and
stain upon the blue sky above yon- dMj ^th the tutor and the servant. j_yMi £ really should like to answer der gray towers, Brumal had an	had	read	more than most young	Boxwood.	Mine will be a very	poor
Influence on the inhabitants of Lash-	m<yn 0f	five	alw] twenty.	He was a	Bpeachf	of	course; a very	tame re-
mar Castle, and that by no means a g***] classical scholar and had some pjy £0 Bold wood, who is a born orator; pleasant influence ; as witnessed by kn<ywledge of science. In a word, he but j Bhall have education on my her ladyship’s temper upon this par- wail a a;ckly iad, who had been
tioular morning, as	she sat	at break-	brought up and nourished upon books;	.. a ml prestige," added Victorian,
fast in the oak parlor, with her step-	hut he had fine Instincts and a string	j wbo j3ad been too busy with his break-
, Lord Lashmar, and the Eton boy, humanitarian feeling. The villagers faat to tipeak before. "1 wish 1 her son.	about Lashmar adored him. He dran wer(, onjy 0td enough to tackle Bold-
Her ladyship was the Dowager tea with the old women, read! to them W00(j pd make his hair curl." Baroness Lashmar,	and a	woman of	when they were ill, wrote letters or	«^at hideous expressions these
of the	daughters	young and oid, talked polities or m€ A"	boys pick up at Eton," said her lady-
wit h the deep thinkers and
noble intellect

in the world to make a descent ia a parachute. While London sleeps— if a great city can bo said ever to sleep—he has made more than • hundred trips over the city in fre#
That there is some excite-
Elegant Extracts," be-
tas ve her own boy, e yountrsier,
deformed stepson could never hold through a vast building, as if it were
the roar of Bashan's mightiest bull.

balloons
meut in these trips can he imagined
rn i seed
Arcadian
The National Zeitung disclaim» any desire to see the Boers sheltered in
where
from the fact that he once hitting the clock of Westminster tower by only a yard.
Col. Tempter wears a lot of war medals, but these have nothing 'o do with the scar across the lower
"Would you really like to bear me asked Lashmar, smiling
German South-west Africa "the) might occasion many difficulties.”
General Cronje’s property leur l ot-chefs! room contains over ti.UOU acres. The farm house is a one-storey building, and ia furnished with utmost
simplicity.
The Queen has purchased a quantity of red, white and blue badges, which she has presented to all the members of the royal family, nearly all of whom are wearing them on all occa-
One time as he
pul of his face arid a brother officer were about to make an ascent, a sudden squall si ruck the balloon, just as it began to rise, with fearful velocity
The One
the east of those Lashmar woods yonder, where the great manufacturing town of Brumm obscures the heavens with the smoke of numberless ohirn-
"The Old
Hundreth Regiment are Hundred" and the "Centipedes." Twenty-eighth were called ‘ The Fore and Afts,” because standing back to back they repelled a front and rear attack before Alexandria in 1801. The Cheshire Regiment has been christened "The Lightning Conductors," because "in the Irish mun-of 181)9 several men were
The balloon
"1 should like this blatant beast to
The
carried against the sharp top
was
iron rail of a gasometer, and all the
one side of the balloon were
Thus the
ropes on
cut through completely.
sideways and downward
was thrown out
sions.
An Army Service Corps man mentions in a letter that at Paardeberg
"There is to be a Conservative
car swung
mar
'1--miller's and killed, an 1 all the louse coulent#
the Boers deliberately trained a Pom-the field hospital, and pitoh-
of the car were thrown out.
thrown against the
pom on
ed twenty-one shells among the poor
oeuvre*
struck by lightning during a night march.
Templet was iron rail and his cheek laid open. The balloon whirled violently round and round as it shot upward, and the tangle of ropes twisted around Tem-pler, holding him fast as be lay m the car in a faint and
Brumm
latence of such a place as
fellows.
Lieut. Kincaid-Smith, w ho took part in the Jameson raid, and is now with ammunition column, has received his captaincy in the Royal Field Artillery after waiting over eight years
within ten miles.
mnan
an
ODD WAYS TO EARN MONEY.
SI lint lh<* Monk» or Kurepe Mo to Hr-plenleh Their Exckequer*.
Monks of Europe contribute to various industries and do not live in indolence outside of their religious services and wanderings. There is hardly a monastery on the continent which doe* not contain an industry of some sort from which the pious fathers re-
DRENCHED IN BLOOD. Heavenward the balloon bounded, until, according to the instruments that lashed to the oar, it reached tbs
for his step.
The following tribute to General Gatacre comes from a private of the
Bids-"
"Fighting Fifth’’:-"Newspapers have been running him down, but all they
1, for one, would fol-
were
height of 24,000 feet. When Templar recovered consciousness he was most choked by the rarified air, and, as if this was nut enough, one of the
twisted around his neck.
ai»
say is wrung low him to the gates of the other
•on
world."
Private Coppard, of the Black Watch, wounded at Magersfontein, reTun-
ropes was Releasing himself from this rope, ha painfully and with great effort managed to climb up to the valve and let
l'his exertion was too
alize a profit.
There is a great demand for rare liquors distilled by these (reuse is manufactured by the broth-La Grande Chartreuse, in Char-few miles from Grenoble,
mark. She was one
of the illustrious Marchioness of Pit- physics
alike for wealth, talent carried the light of a end force of character. Old -Lady into every house he entered, pltland had given laws and fashions | "It ia an outrage again»
rrr as rr	s
fashion- and she had transmitted eyes, of darkest hazel. Is it a y	house in ten years' time,1 answered
Éæsmmm
Then with a
ship, with a shiver fond approving look at the handsome
cently arrived at his home in bridge Wells. At a few minutes’ notice a few tradesmen of the
men. Char-
land, famous
f
lad, she said proudly:
"1 hope you will be in Parliament before you are ten years older, Victorian, and that you will be a distinguished
town Three bands
out the gas much fur him and he fainted again,
and when the balloon reached
earth ho bad to bo cut out of the
ers in

organized a reception, and about 10,000 spectators escorted
trouse, a
France. Trappistine is the name of a liquor which much resembles the former brand, and is made by the Trappistine order of monks in the Ab-bays de la Grue», de Dieu, in the department of Loubs, France
kirschwasser, or cherry bitters,
the
him to his home.
Two treasures belonging to President Steyn, of the Orange Free State, are safe in Great Britain. One is Mrs. Steyn, who is in Scotland with relatives, and the other is his private fortune, which the London Leader he transferred to the keeping of
rope».
Another companion Col. Templer had with him in an ascent never has been heard from since the day they started up together. He was a member of parliament named Powell, and for an amateur he was an able aerou-In a big and powerful balloon
In Ger-
many
is the product of the cowled brothers who live in the Black Forest and in
says
a uoudun bank before war was
the family borough. Nothing enlarges a fellow’s views like diplomacy. I shall get on to one of the
legations directly I leave college, Paris if possible, and see as much as I can of life before I pin myself down
tp be quite the cleverest matron in England, having managed to marry all her daughters lu rich men, and j to have dressed and ted them in their epinsterhuod and maintained uppeai-in town and country on some-
de-
aut
they were thousands of feet in air, when they came in sight of V\ ey-muulh and the sea. Powell pointed mansion of a friend whom they
Brurnm.”
•They have very auras," murmured lashmar.
"They have theatre* and circuses, and horrid low music rooms," said her
"Surely those are enough
parts of Alsace.
Besides spiritual and spirituous uc-
find the Benedictine or-
the
few other plea- |
dared.
Colonel Duller, who first suggested
khaki as an army uniform, is a Del-
lie spent some years
cupations we der of monks, St. Mary’s Abbey, in
Devonshire, England, engaged in the manufacture of salves and pills. In the south of France, iu the Abbey St Michael de Frigulet, are altar wines and fancy giant candles.
A favourite chocolate in l1 ranee is secretly manufactured by the T rapprîmes of the Aiguebello, near Grig-In Nuuville sous Montreuil, near
out a
intended to "drop in” upon and see. Templer prepared for a rapid descent, for the sea was alarmingly near balloon descended at great speed, and
giun engineer in the British service in Egypt, and while serving out the cloth for uniforms all his goods were stolen. The only cloth he could find was khaki, from which his tailors made a form which attracted the favourable attention of his superior officers.
Cambridge, England, celebrated the relief of Ladysmith by a bonfire, to which the undergraduates of the university contributed signs, shutters and furniture belonging to the towns-
aucea
ladyship for them."
" Enough for
to politics."
thing under five thousand a year.
Lady Lashmar bad been ten years a widow, had enjoyed just a decade of undisputed dominion ; title was eight and thirty, handsome, straight as a dart, with not a wrinkle or a gray hair
To be Continued
the frivolous majority; but you see there Is a superior
who have learnt to think,
I'be
made the
BITS OE FEMININITY.
The gray feather boa to in greater vogue than ever.
Silver girdles will be much worn with the summer frock.
An old fashion revived is that of the crochet buttons, with loops of cord in place of button-holes.
Small gold or gilt harness buckles
are considered very smart for fastening the popular stock of ribbon.
Hand work of all kinds is to be ex- ^ Mayof tensively used on all simmer gowns.	^ ^ the conviction bars
JfjKÏÏ	......»
aH tiiey were last season. Gray, or any other learned profession, and cream, fawn and biscuit are the fav- from many other positions as well,
orite tones.	.	but the Mayor refuses to take back
The Capu.1.0 or Cnpuchin hood is fajs ,,„tences. worn on everything even to the ta,lor	Umdun Grtt„hi(, sftvs ,ha. Lord
frock.	______ -
the plan was fur both to jump as mli," tout d ihe earth
uni-
minority
and who want to say their little say upon great public questions."
"Those thinkers and spouters are the pest of society,” exclaimed Lady Lashmar, throwing her paper aside and going on with her breakfast, with a.i)r of finding no savor In either
the Arabian ber-
Tem-
suon as
pier jumped and was stunned for s time, but Dowell hesitated an instant
1 he balloon, suddenly re-
Mr*. Monsoon, the princess
particular dressmaker, hud been
nun
Boulogne, a Urge priming esiablnn-cunducted entirely by the
too long
lieved of a good part of its weight, shot upward with Dowell in the car, and the airship drove out to Yachts, specially chartered steamers, and even war vessels, were sent out to look for the runaway balloon, but nipt a trace of it could be found last glimpse caught of the balloon it heading toward Spain, though of upper air currents might have
But in
own
heard to say, in the confidence friendly intercourse, that Lady Lush-
ihe finest figure she had on
of
ment is
monks.
The monks of another monastery cultivate a large tract of land, the products of which swell the common
An extensive gas plant and
sea.
mar was
her books, and the greatest screw.
"i don’t believe 1 have made twenty pounds out of that woman in all the yean# 1 have worked for her,’ said Monsoon ; “but she show# off my gowns to perfection, and she brings me new customers."
ala
truffled chicken or ry. “ Over-education Is the greatest
evil of the age. Thank heaven, the people themselves are beginning to feel the burden of it. After clamoring Jor school and higher teaching they beginning to groan under the of compulsory education " that is because when they cry for bread we give them a stone," answered Lashmar. in his gentle, meditative way. "We cram ’ologies the throats of starving children;
and sucklings with
Several were arrested and were
men
convicted of theft and fined heavily
They have since
treasury
a number of mechanical workshops
The Dum-
l he
also owned by them
Fathers, of the St. Saviour’s
are
free
was
mican
Priory, in Dublin, Ireland, publish monthly the "Irish Rosary," which has a large circulation. The Canadian Truppistine munks busy them selves with agriculture in Tracady
are
course
sent it in another direction a remote part of the mountains of Spain a long time afterward certain parts of a balloon gear were f ound, and that is all that is known of the
An age in which scandals about the aristocracy are the current coin of conversation had not furnished one hint of evil about Lady Lashmar. It of her that Lord Blandville, the
"My friend
tyranny " Perhaps
A Strange Malady
Among Soldiers !
was
Cabinet Minister, said,
Oka and St. Norbet.
A steam ferry is the property the Russian monks of Solovetsk, who operate this boat for the conveyance
of pilgrims.
down
fate of Powell.
Until the Czar’s peace conference in
Col.
of
feed be bee
we
class of people never are grateful," said Lady Lashmar, ealra-
her step-sou’s drift. But
The Hague decided otherwise Tern pier was experimenting on drop-powerful explosives from bal-These would tear great holes
der
cumplished, dignified, chaste as Diana —and the most disagreeable woman of my acquaintance."
They were sitting at a cosy round table in one of the prettiest rooms im the castle. It was a small, low room in white»! the old oak paneling had been painted white The ceiling was
That
ping loons.
twelve feet square in the solid earth. Once one of these explosives burst under the balloon, and again Templer had a narrow escape from death.
Said to be Locomotor Ataxia, a Nervous OiOBass, Which Is Also Prevalent
In This Country-Peculiar Symptoms.
the'Uth United the spinal cord and revitalizes the
ly ignoring
fortunately, there are not many such
wretches as Boldwood, or we should ^ J p	of
ÉeHeeI EBÜilS ÉÜËS5 EH F —¦ -
^
=2%%=%=	Ssææœ sæzss
tvummei au y.	*	down to breakfast. He pleads the There are many examples of t he tei- eri 0f this article we cannot do better are brought ,to bear upon the sugar,
=it=rr=rs: SSH SSSS ::===
, ...	. .	rariHp.	from	the	tive he Ctinuot hatre ve|,y keen sym- Bymp!oms of this nerve-exhaust mg	tfap exhadBled nervous system and	hold out encouragement of
a(r put (yth ‘	e	_ whilfl	patbies with the agricultural class, disease is inability to walk [>rt,l>^-	cure the most serious diseases of the	mediate fall, in the price of jewels as
with her face to the win- “’em to the P^^ry. to bo paid for 0, flapping motion. i he Jichm .. m em ,cientitl0 piep,ration compounded hies m which the diamond, of Braz hb	.	. nna fAnr	the	by installments, upon the same system danger of falleng, when 8 l,u* ,,	from a favourite prescription of Dr.	were formed will be discovered. I ill
dow, as one who	need n	•	afl that upon wtyefa needy people buy dawn stairs or around corners. ^	Ai W. Chase, who his tested it in	nQW these diamonds have only been head, near Devizes, stands high, with
'3*m	!BEEHE2H EHfli!r;".!,,......
tion-s which ploug	,t were chopped up into little bite to M this dt.eaee '•	d (<) yj,|d medical men to be the greatest re- g0U,8 in patiffnce long enough every bury, has sent seventeen of its 800 to
ST3JÏ“Ass-sa.'isr^——»—-«a—-1- »-•— *— - -
ly rebuilds the wasted nerve cells of children.
DIAMONDS MADE AT HOME
How very nice it will be when every
mukii her own diamonds
woman c.iu and nut !>•• obliged to save out of (he
tease
A CASE OF STAND AND DELIVER.
Dobbs. I’m hard/ worked jus' now; typewriter girl is taking a vaca-
The blissful era
my
tion.	»
Diibbs. How did she get a vacation
this time o’ year?
Dobbs. Get it 1 Lots you know about typewriter girls! She said sbt wanted it.
FACTS, IN THE CASE.
Bow did he loete h's s andiug in the
community?
By getting drunk and letting i train rjum over hie lege.
an im-
In the list of patriotic villages. Tils-
at the front out of a population

India.
She had almost always had and sM had .almost al-
eie
Lashmar 1er own way
heart a Radical,’’ said her ladyship.
»
\

4
V
t
###PAGE###4###


>

School Tax Notice.

THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
jyO DIFFERENCE.
MASSEY-KARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . • •
SH AW VILLE.
Move»!
XVI
SHAWVILLE, JUNE 7, 1900
!
Sell

Wit
l
The fact that the liamo of
our pine* of l.u dnv.HS has boon changed from Vurkmnn to Staikc's Corners makes no dhTeient e " ith u*
W© are still In tl ness on the same f; and ever ready to of out vu tuilier*,
1
riiu is 11
pot
niiN)N
un,il
i
î
it
s
EDITORIAL NOTES
UK
1
(lut
DO YOU WANT
1

vpound,1
Tho Liberals of North Renfrew mot in convention on Friday last and selected Mr John W. Monroe, the we 1-known contractor, as the standard-bearer of the party to contest the tiding for the va cancy in the Legislature caused by Mr. Andrew White's death. The writ for the election is out, nomination to take p ace on June 10ih, and election a week later.
The Conservatives of North Renfrew, have selected Mr. E. Dunlop, to opp ae Mr. J. W. Monroe, in the pending election for the Legislature in that constituency . The Conservative nominee is the son of the late Mr. A. Dunlop, a forintr and most popular member of the Legislature.
ht M
lid. doing hiiHl-Jimredtilling Much
tin* requirements
Vi!
Trespass Notice.


i
A WAGGON
n r i
\Y\
I
\ll prit
slthin i>r-Dnipnl i- iv
l,\
itl
i
f
!
is stvicltv
Lot Hear I
the liment
reel .special attention to our NEW AND COMPLETE
stock or
wo wish to
l \
THAT WILL STAND
I
I
Clearing’
SALE
Millinery.
lit*
i
Summer
Tenders for Masonry.
the test on any kind ox read
I
Sealed tend
undersigned up to Friday, t June lust., for the fullowli connection with the church, Thorne West, immvl> wall ltl feet high and h x 1H feet (Union sions. and to he 2 feet in thickness, the work to form the complet ion of wall which i*. already built to a height of 10 feet ; also pointing of clum h fk$x 2u.\h feet Work to he complete l on o;
10th of July, next.
Tenderers are requested toe cost of w*rk with or without material r*
<1 Hired. Contract will he paid on coniplv ,	V,,T.
t ion of work. The lowest or any tender »t A1 a, Hi o A h l >
not necessarily accepted

wi
i
Goods
The Bain Waggon
1
'
of
r y t n
r of N. Stephen'* A stone
Has proven a success all over the world. There are hundreds of them in use at the present time with the Imperial troops in South Africa, made by the Bain Waggon Co. of Canada. .We are offering the people of Pontiac the same Waggon at reasonable prices.
which eml of the newest line* in the market and only need examination to recoin mend them to customers.
uled assortment

l itin now ottering
SJ’-AT COST
l* before tLt
The Manitoba sell do! question, which it was alleged had been settled through the benign influences of Premier Laurier s “ sunny ways,” seems suddenly to have awakened into a very prominent issue, so far at least as the city of Winnipeg is concerned, if the following resolution, passed at a mass meeting of the Roman Catholic ratepayers of that city last week, is to be taken as a fair indication of the
TEAS! TEAS!
ivgv stock of 1
imate on the whole of my
'
on
• 9 •	• • •
Our .stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
K of
Si »
*
iSIl.KS. VELVETS,
LATHS, CHIFFONS,
V FILINGS, FLOWERS,
FEATHERS, &( ., &v.
All of the rrjost Stylisfj and Up-to-Date Nature.
JOHN HODGINS, Thorne West
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE'S CORNERS.
veratone, had proposed Tin Imperial Forces. L >rd Salisbury again rose, holding a paper in his hand, and said “ 1 find that Lord Roberts has occupied Johannesburg.” -
This announcement was followed by a wild display of enthusiasm, the company cheering tor “ B.>bs ” and singing God Save the Queen.
Lord Salisbury later in the evening, when proposing the city of London Conservative association, referred to the “ glorious news received, and said, “ One thing wo have learned from this war is that everything depends up n the general.”
SMART & SMITH.
state of feeling there
u Whereas, the Catholics of Winnipeg have for ten long years suffered under the odious burdens imposed upon them by school law of 18l>0, and whereas, recent negotiations with the Public school board of the city make it plain that as the law at present stands re can expect no relief ; be it resolved, that we, the Catholics of Winnipeg, in meeting assembled, hereby instruct the committee to take immediate steps to lay our grievances before the Dominion and Provincial authorities, pointing out to them the severity of our long continued proaccu* lion and praying them to come to our
grand
As circumstances compel in y early retirement from business sale will continue at cost price until the whole stock is sold out.
P. S.—Buggies, Wlowers and Binders.
millinery
Opening
MRS. n/lcWILLIAMS,
Shawville.


LORD VELVO
Patent Express
Buggy Wheels
Hundreds Dying of Cholera
x
3

at



London, May 31.—The Daily Express relief on lines laid down in the privy has the following (i\ m Bombay dated council decisions.''	yesterday :
In moving the resolution, Mr. Bawlf An unprecedently severe epidemic of remarked that Winnipeg Catholics have 1 cholera has broken out in the northern struggled for ten years to .retain their districts of Lu mbay presidency, especially sired by the Champion and Easiest schools, and at the same time ptying in the famine camp*. The deaths have their public school taxes, and that i: was increased f •; y per cent, in three days, time this state of aiftirs should cease to lu the Ivv.vu district there have bet n exist. This sentiment was loudly ap- 1,330 deaths m seven days. The govern* : plauded, and the resolution was unant- mont haa made a special grant of £1,000
to cremate the dead immediately.
“ l.i Pa la purx a tate < n the tit it day,
REPUBLICS TO CEASE EX- I there was une death, un the second,
i there were eighty-four and on the third I there were upwards cf four hundred.
The uwiftneis « f the in fed on was due to i the fact that the first death was near the only available water eupp'y. The germs were thus carried all over the camp.
“ I \ the city of Bombay there have been deaths in the last seven days,
28,911
Black Stallion, Fca'ed Sept. 8,1S95.
*
\

and
w
Standard Ihe ’ and Hvgistei
SHAWVILLB,
/(pril 13th and 14tl).
.	A beatiful Display of
MjcDOUfiALL and CUZNEqS Hardware Stores, stylish New Goods
COMPRISING
Children’s Hats, Dress Hats (all Limb.)
Sailors
Flowers, in all tlie Chiffons leading and Nets shades.
Trotting Sialllor. owned in Canada, the great
(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
GENEVA, 8,345
...2.0 < RalK Hi:- 3i.r
3
111
mouily adopted
1 III A i
FIRST DAM - VELVETEEN
id bred and led pedigree
Iince Rei registvi un card
S
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
ISTSNCE
Lord Salisbury Outlines the Government's Policy.
Till- great Colt >t n N 10.2 ha
weigh> over 1200 pounds and lms 2-minute clip. He v “
• ses in Amei U a
and height, pus.sexdr.g extreme speed and being ray all v bred, this horse U the best type to produce the horses needed by the country, to wit : the roadster,..image and general purpose horse.
LORD VELVO will tv,a ginning 1st of May, s:
Monday at Bryson Tu
hiu
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
the fast -Having large size
t
London, May 29.—Lord Salisbury, who
was entertained at dinner tonight by the city of London Conservative association made an important announcement re gardiug the government’s South African policy.
lt The stop the-war party have used my name,” said the premier, " in support of their ideas, stating that 1 promised there should bd no annexation of territory annexation of gold fields. I never
Arc not Sui p-ikied In the World.
«Stitt

War Prevented War
m Tair ii
mb to Fmtiies,
Goods will le found its represented and prives right.
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
iseason.1
HOW V !’ XN AND nr.SSIA WERE KEPT APART
nsr

hav
OVvl
Linden, June 1 —The struggle in South Africa has had a salutary iff or.
It has postponed, if not averted, another , ,	,	. .	, war. Nearly six weeks ago the crisis bt*
s», sir1; *	......^ ¦¦	-
•• I stated a simple Listotuil fact. \\ e	inevitabiti by the authorities of both coun-!	Servi, e Fee-$tO-i»yni,le at- time of
are accused vf going to war oi ius*. 1 '	rr;v.3- A deadlock lmd been reached over <service‘	_
gold and territory. It was one of those j il;stai|ation „{ a traUer in the beat	& A-
atrocious calumnies, which, under the b,cations at Ma?ampho, whore the Kmg favoring influence of Dr. Leyd.q sprea Corea a y ar ago had given Russia the I itself over the press of Europe, i vt img	rlg|lt tQ gQttj0) un condition that she did j
could be moro untrue We went to war	^ ratify the place. Japan refused to
tu atop oppression of the Queen d sub- with,kaw* hv.r uu,theid representative,
-ecra m the lranavaal, and because our. ^ prepa7ec| to defend him in his poa-remonstrations were met by an insulting. sesaiolli The Japanese had the right to ultimatum, to which, if the Quce,‘d 6"' ' expect tho support of England under the eminent had eubniittet, lier p-Av, n >. LXIati„g understanding in proceeding to
only in 8mt.Ii Africa, but over ler c‘ ' . extremities, but the Japanese Governnien , ouies and.dependencies, would have been j received an inimation from London that ' "" "
\»e were forced iuiO ^ai by ^,eat Britain would be unable to act
while tho war iu South Africa continued.
Tho note conveying this intimation con tainted advice that Japan should settle the matter with Russia in the best manner possible. Thereupon tho Tokio Government reluctantly withdrew from its bellicose attitude. War usually breeds war, and ev -n in this case there is reason to believe that the conflict between Japan and Russia has only Lien postponed for a brief season.
Thursday, at Kelly*.1. Hotel. < aupbells Day.
MeO
t
r o
nor
A l
I
Dale Bros
HOG FENCING.
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Piéton, Ont.
Manager, Bryson, Que
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE
A l
For sale by the Hardware Merchants ami General Dealer by the Canadian Hare ware Jobbers.
GEN. AGENTS The G. Greening Wire Co. of II t Agent for Railway Fencing: -James Cooper, Monti * Correspondence with Manufacturers
Teacher wanted.
ntreal
*
Wanted for School No. 1, Lower Litchfield, a Female Teacher holding a First or Second Class Elementary Diploma. Applications stating salary tu be add re the undersigned on or before the
PETER Mi LEAN,
Sec.-Treas
Bryson, Que
W

J
1 to

20th of
Are well equipped to supply-all the demands of
THE SPRING AND SUMMER TRADE with a complete stock of all necessary articles in
A Travelling General Ag ent
Wanted
at an end ie action of our opponents.
To say that because we repudiated the greed of territory we therefore bound ourselves never to annex any territory la a most ridiculous misconstruction. 1 dwell on this point because this matter of annexation ia about to become a burning

For Sale.
The undersigned offers for s terms his

on cas
An experienced canvasser, or a man with good	AGATEWARE,
character and address, with the necessary ability to travel from town to town and appoint agents.
No canvassing. Salary and expenses paid. Position permanent and promotion according to merit.
#9 Limited,
Saw Mill, Grist Mill and Carding Mill,
question.
" We lave made a tremendous sacrifice of blood and treasure in this conflict. There are misleading prophets, whose action bulks as large in the columns of the newspapers as the action of more influential people, who mislead the unlucky rulers of the Transvaal to continue resist-jgfar beyond the time when all resistance has ceased to be even possibly successful. These men are perpetually us to make some conditions, to
Orders for Special Articles Mill receive promt attention, specialty.
together with n good Dwelling House and Out-buildings, with about twenty-five acres of land, situated in Chichester, and known ns14 PouporeV Mills."
Intending purchasers can view the property and examine the condition of the machinery in the different mills.
In the grist mill there are two run of stones.
In the saw mill there B one circular saw, one hutting saw, one edger and one turning lathe.
The carding mill machinery is as good as new and all that is necessary there is clothing for the rollers.
With a small outlay to the dams and machinery, the mills can be put in such condition as to do good work.
A rare opportunity Is offered to those who wish to secure property of that kind, and the price and terms will be made known to suit i»ona fide purchasers.
For further information apply to
W. J. POVPORE.
Room 31, Ontario Chambers,
Ottawa Ont.
i
Tin Roofing a
For tho Women and the Children
of the Empire
A new sen ty, called 44 The Daughters of tho Empire,” with junior branches called 41 Children of the Empire,” has recently been formed in Canada. Its ob ject ia to make a great chain of patriotic m throughout the country, bringing the women and children into touch with each other by means of small clubs called 14 Chapters,” which are being started all over the world. These clubs are of two kinds, either of grown up women, or of children guided by their older Tr ends. The meetings take place once a month, in each others’ houses, when a nice little patriotic program is enj -yed. Each club has its fljg aud its badge. The badges are made from a special design, which has been registered, and will be worn all over the world. This Federation has already spread over the other colonies, and has taken rout in England, and among British residents in the United States. Single members may enroll individually | |B| heartily commend it to our readers. Every weman and every child in Canada ought to be a member. For further information, and a pretty card of instruc tiens, write to the Secretary.
Mrs. Clark Murray,
340 Wood Avenue, Montreal.
HIGHEST riilCE PAID
mice
The Bradley-Carretson Co
BRANTFORD. ONT.
for Calfhkins, Sheep Felts and Cowhides.
(
pressing
offer some arrangements to two republics O jr only certainty of preventing ¦¦ of this fearful war is to insure that
shall such vast accumulations
Mention this paper
a recur
rer.ee
never again and armaments occur and that not a «hred of the former independence of the republics shall remain. (Cheering.)
“ We are not yet at the end of the war; but I shall venture to lay it down aa a primary condition of any future settlement that precautions will be taken c-f such a character that such a war w i 1
Of course what mea-
.303 Calibre. •

V
Savage Magazine Rifle.


never occur again aurea will be necessary it is impossible at any moment to determine, because that depends largely upon the action and temper of those with whom we have to deal.
“ I have already intimated that their resistance has gone beyond the limit to which resistance could wisely go. k is not for us to criticize their actions in what they are pleased to call self-defence ; but they have acted so that eveiy bitterness created by the war, and every severance of classes and races has been stimulated by every measure they have taken ; ai.c ao they go on.
44 It will also be our duty to protect those native races who have been so sorely afflicted, and at the same time so to conduct their policy, that, eo far as possible, there shall be a reconciliation and that everyone shall be a happy member of the British Empire.
After the master of the rolls. Lord Al-
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Emmeries Smokeless 6-Shooter.
One rifle takes mx different cartridge» Point Blank Range for Hunting.
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete lm Catalogue.
School Taxes.
C50., VTICA, N. Y.. V. 9. AMERICA
We
A very few days more remain to those still in arrears for school taxes in this Municipality—a list will then be made out and handed over to the collector. If costs are incurred you alone will be to blame
By Order.
H. LANG,
Sec.-Treasurer.
Municipality of Shawville, May 28th, 1900
Teacher Wanted.
COUNTY
Orange Lodge Meeting.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Wanted, n Protestant Female Teacher
holding a first or second class diploma for the Province of Quebec to telch Dissentient School No. 1. Calumot Island, for ten months beginning August 1st and ending June 30th, 1UU0, (February omitted) and to
tench Saturdays if required. Applicants will please state salary expected on applying to the undersigned Secretary not Inter than June 20th ;
^ÈmmuàSÊS^^mmÊÊÊÊm
tors ™ 6tMn,»,n:
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Ooeda Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
mplaa Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
To the Members of County Orange Lodge:
Notice Is hereby given that the SemiAnnual Meeting of the above Lodge will be held in the Orange Hall, Shawville Tuesday the Twelfth day of June at the hour [of one o'clock, p. m. All members
are requested to attend.
Signed by order.
Shawville, May 21, HM).
C. J. Wilson’s pu’p mill at St. Jerome, destroyed by lire on Wednesday
The contract for the new post office at Hull has been awarded to Mr. Joseph Boutke.
The Hon. N. Clarke Wallace has been re-elected Grand Master of the Orange Grand Lodge of British Columbia.
, on
was
last
The citiiens’ banquet to Hon. Mr. Jus* tice Craig in Renfrew on Monday night was a grand success.
F. CARSWELL, Sec.-Trcas., Dunraven. Que
„. L

###PAGE###5###
m
¦

THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
THE EQUITY,
JAN. HOPE & Co.
IfANUFACTCRlKOBTATIONSRa.BOOKHeL àJL |m, Book I*! ml# r* Printer#, oto, Dépoaltorjr f IU* Ottawa AtixILLm llll le .Society,Ottawa, Uut.
JUJIE OPENING
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT BHAWVILLB, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
No paper «topped until nil arrearage* v paid, unies# by apecUl arrangement with ubllaber.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
A. SMILEY, Prop.
NOTARY PUHI.F \ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE L<MN AND BAVINGti CO., OF ONTARIO.
;:y to loan on i:ANY tkbms.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will I»o in Slmw ville on Tuesday of every week.
4—
MOM
:o:

ADVERTISING RATES t
Legs! odvertMmr eight rents per lino for first. Insertion hih! four coula per line fot
e ' In n.
Business cards not sorted at «I On per year.	j
l,ooftl unnotincemeni* Inserted at tho rate of five cents per line for flr*i Insertion and t hroe cents for *ub.i«»njoni Insertion*.
Commercial advertising hy I ho month or! for longer periods Inserted at low mica, which will bo given on upplicuth u
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanylng them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, msrrlage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per Hue.
The Frost & Wood
TOOKE BROS’
HIGH CLASS
R. MITCHELL,
ding one Inch In*
Blouses Shirt Waists
exr?
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, for the District of Pontlic. Office, Main Ht.,
Sun wx llle.
A’CtiUhts collected and prompt returns made.
_and

DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
y jgj-Mower-
No. 8

We have the exclusive right <$? to handle these beautiful goods in town. . .
84 Nepean Su Ottawa, Ont.,
?
Limber cf All Kinds Boult and gold,
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty.
. • ?
JOB PRINTING.
All kind# of Job Printing neatly ard cheaply executed, order* by mall promptly attended to.
In point of durability and perfect running qualities this machine is acknowledged to be the
peer of any Mower in the market.
Ladies tell us we have the handsomest selection of Shirt Waists to be found in Shawville. They are going fast. Make a selection before they are all
— — picked over — —
They range in price from 45c. to $2.00.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
Business Cards.
RsFBitittfCBfl uv Pkrmijmiow :
Deuie Murphy. Pres. Ottvwe Transportation Co. K. W* Avery,, Hull Lumber Cu.
J. T. HUirrftr, E. U 8d«ly Co.
LaV hf.ml* McDougall, Barrfatcru.
John Honey & Suns.
Il N. Bate A Sou.
Among the important improvements lately introduced it is provided with the new serrated or sickle-edge Guard Plates, the advantage of which cannot be overestimated, especially in cutting light grass when mower is running in same direction as the wind.
MEDICAL.
F.M.A.McNaughtoq,BJ\.,M.D.,C.M.
G II A DU AT B OF McGîLL UwrVElwrTT,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. II. II Knox, Shawville.
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN StylTlj, Proprietor.
s
Ladies’ Skirts
Duck and Crash Skirts, Lustre, Brilliantine,
and Roman Satin.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
Cultivators, Raises, Binders, &c.
And everything in the Machinery line required by the Farmer.
A. SMILEY -"SHAWVILLE.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto, Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omet and Rksidksmb : J. II Armstrong's House, MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLS.
The spot spot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, oh A Clean Shave.
Hats
icT Your Turn next.
In Fedoras, Christies, Linen and Straw. _ Special ’Cycling or Boating Caps in light shades ^
just the thing for hot weather.
Call early and look over our values in Ladies’
Misses' and Childrens’ Straw Hats.
LEGAL.
D. WILSON’S,
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
—ALSO—
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed.
Customer* promptly and courteously treated.
T'ANTKI)-Honest manor woman to travel fnv largo house ; «alary$66 monthly *l4 txfionsee, with Inoreate ; position pe/in.inentinclose self-addreMed stamped envelope Chicago,
Z
z
i
1
BOORBEIO RAINVILLE, L, L. L
I
*rw*>L
1
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
I
MANAGER, 830 Caxtou bldg.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON visit Shawville every Monday.
f
i
rp HE
and

WILL
r
JEWELLER
w-:\
WM. GAMBLE,
PORTAGE DU FORT
BARRISTER, A...
Itoom 20, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks	..
At Shawville, second and fourth Tburiday	j
of each month.	> '*. *
Office-over G. F. Hodglna* Store, Main St. w -K'rtKn ^
K LEI'S
A 8KLKCT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE &c. Ac.

a
The Û. F. HODGINS
DEPARTMENTAL STORE,;
.2
Roller Mill
<<

Rbpairim*—
a Bpsoiautt:


HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT


Arthur McConnell,
SHAWVILLE, Q. | p_
S — Headquarters for Ladies’ Underwear, Gloves and Hosiery.
TTORNEY AT LAW, Main Rl. Hull, ;c. will. r\trequeut.ttLiviidalliîourtb InlaeTlHtrlrl. Alleorrespoudc-nctprompf ly answered.
W 111 visit Shawville regularly on the third Thursday of every month.
A Qi
District and Country.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
I
M my improvements are being made in ** the lintel Pvmiac at Furl William, bei >re the seas m < pern.
First Quality Flour.
The Shawville
On .Tune 29; h, Am prior ra'ep'yers,	^	B Z	2 T O
will vote on a by law to raite $50,000 for	|	$ \ 9 8	jFt’	?	vJ g"
waterworks and sewerage.	l«”Jf 9	J	9	Sia» j
Messrs. It. Dulmage, A. T. Buud> Ger-
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
SASH and TJ HOOK I
At the last meeting of the Rise township c «until a motii-n was passed making it
çonpu'eory for children b. tween the ages, ....	, ^	...	,
f live and fifteen years to be vaccinated I ^•rvlJ an^ P*•	^ returned
at the expense , f the township.	Mood,, hem \\oil. Lake. Pontiac <ouo-
A creamery nruii ft daily output of 12,- jjr Campbell , farm, situud in the iH. p mr.da ,t butter, t, shortly tv b; L,id,t o{ a 'g,h and ,,am0 district. They
t-.e cmpi.iy that ha. been org „ zed to telHng fl,h sterie., Lut they bad a very SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
nistiiute tbi, new iiiduetry la |g6,000.	( leaiant time in a country that wn new!
to at least three of them.—Arcprior Chronicle.
&3T Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C-,
OF THE PROVINCE OK QUEBEC,
Mol son s' Bank Chambers—
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
—ALL KINDS CF—
11 Metcalfe St., Ottawa.
Phone No. 117:*.
IjIivy business in Ottawa and Pontiac Bis trict> attended to.
JOSEPH BROWN,
Interior & Exterior
Proprietor.
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
W. W. IRELAND,
FOR SALE:
MANUFACTURED.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Coart.
Commissioner und Conveyancer. Mortgages, etc., executed legally und salle factor! ly.
Mr. John H. Fulford, cf Brcckville, Deeds, | received 10 cans of tvatcr from the River Jordan, sent by his brother, Hon. Geo. T. Fu f ;rd, for presentation to the clergy men < f the town to be used for baptismal
A large, well-selected and varied stock of | A quantity of— Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER. &c. Ac ,
Kept in stock and made to urJer.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPKiCKS.
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
The workmen engaged by Mr. R. <T.
Moles to erect a windmill at Marshall's Bay a few weeks ago unearthed a human *N UNDERTAKING skeleton, the skull of which was aer.t to	u
Ottawa fur examinait m by experts who pronounced it that of an Indian, of more than average size, aged about 30 year?.
It was discovered that a large-sized bullet had passed through the head from side to side, which would go to indicate foul play as the cause of death. It was estimated from the condition of the smaller bones that the remains must have rested there fur fully seventy-five years.—Arn I prior Chronicle
QUE.
SHAWVILLE - -

purposes.
Pulpwood Notice.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
McCIiEDIE & HODGINS.
I also ket p ft complete stock of P uncivil Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
A temperance convention is scheduled for Ottawa on June 20, 21 and 22. About
1 > V.ILIFF OF TIIE .SUPERIOR COURT
I> -iuawville. Quo., respectfully «ollclts.	.	. ,	,
eru Manient* tor any business I u connection , 100 delegates, repteienting the ledges of
wit i ail Courts In the County, Collections i tf-l6 Independent Order of Good Templars
nHde tndp-ompIreturnsassured___________jn Ontario, will visit the city to hold their
—----------- ‘ • —~~	' annual meeting.
Estimates furnished.
Parties wishing to takeout Poplar wood this year are requested to contract at once for amount of wood they can take out.

Sr
We do not want anyone to commence cutting wood for u.^ without having a signed contract.
GENERAL.
THE AYLMER 1 CREAMERY GO.,

S‘. John, N. B , May 31.—The village of St. Martin’s, 30 miles from here, was almost entirely wiped out by tire yester-
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County | day. A spaik from an engine un the Pontiac. Salescouductcd In a business-like . Central railway started the fire which do-
^	T,
or private sale on reasonable term*. Pub-1 tm,ated at $uu,UUU; insurance, el0,U0U. lie sales conducted at Shawville once a month. A variety of articles always on hand for sale; Office : bhziwvllie.Que.
a
A
J. J. TURNER,
MACFARLAXE BROS
Campbell's Bay.
•f
Aylmer Que.,
PROMPTLY SECURED
A Most Interesting Wedding.—A
55S?	ti2
Mr. Moses Demerge, of Allumette la.and, the advantage of reaching the Creamery and Mrs. Fortier, of Pembroke, were through their Skimming Stations now united in Matrimony's holy bonds by the being established at différent points along
KJSS % ,% S-r m SSS:
married before, Mr. Demerae having six milk immediately returned to the patrons, children and hii bride four. The bride The price of the milk will be paid every is a daughter of Mr. Ouimcnd of Pern- month at actual market value, determined broke, and it is an interesting fact that by the Babcock test. Furthermore we
should you fail even in this, there may be magnificent in an elegant and most apI some topic treated of in which you are propriété costume. After an elegant . concerned. Unless you read all the paper wedding breakfast at the home of the you cannot be sure but in some small bride, Renfrew street, the newly wed I corner there is an item about yourself. | couple, accompanied by friends, left for
their home on Allumette Island. Our The following militia order is publish-! best wishes for their complete happiness ed : 44 In order to stimulate and increase | and prosperity are extended.—Pembroke the interest in rifle shooting, the hon. Observer.
HI I Hi	the minister of militia and defence has I
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al-1 i)t,pn pleased to authorize the issue of
sa- ATT..... I «	e
their annual matches for this year.”
Spring
Season
Write for our interesting book* " Inventor's Help" and "How you are swindled." Send us a rough sketch cr model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably, patentable. Rejected applications have often, been successfully prosecuted *y us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington ; this quail fies us to prompt-, ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.	<
Patents procured through Marion & Ma-, rion receive special notice without charge in, over loo newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion.	e <
Specialty Patent business of Manufac-, turers and Engineers.	,
MARION & MARION ;
Patent Experts and Solicitors.
)	. / New York Life B ld g, Montreal i
Atlantic Bldg,Washington D.C.I
At Mattawa, on May 13th, Louise Germain, beloved wife if Henry Spinkr, aged 39 years. Deceased leaves a Lus fniirt Shawvillfi I band and eight children to mourn the loss 10v	9 of an affectionate wife and loving moth-
No *70.	| çr She was greatly esteemed by all the
Meets the 4th Wedoea-1 community, and the husband and chil-day of every month. , jren baVe jggp sympathy in their great
Court dues must he paid | j(,gSi promptly every month.
4K I.O.F
mi
" lîWa

L.B.C.
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS, BREAD PANS DISHES of all Kinds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
J. A. Cowan, U S.
Hugh IIobbh, C. R.
HOTELS.
BINDER TWINE.
St. Lawrence Hall
Canada, ) Province of Quebec, [ District of Pontiac.
No. 1308.
f
I
Parties who heretofore have purchased their Binder Twine from me will find it to their advantage to place their orders with me for this season’s supply. Right prices may be relied upon.
THONG,
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
f
In the District Magistrate's Court at Shawville.
Green Lake.
Bristol Wharf
ALEXANDER ARGUE, of the Township of Clarendon, in the District of Pontiac,
an inspection of which is invited.
FRESH and CURED
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
Plaintiff,
Kir galon, May 30.—The Whig Bays that in a note book carried by Dullman, one of the Welland Canal dynamiters,
and which was taken from hihi after his ^HHHHH^HHH arris1, were found some interesting and1 The undersigned having had two year»
,„rT,,. .id,,.,,.j $ssr%£MrKrsss±r
of the CJan-na-Uael in Toronto, iiamib ¦ jjnue do no this season as follows :
ton, Kingston and other places were giv-	_ , . . .... ' ,
Leave Bristol Wr^arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8 a m., 2.45 p.m., and 5.30,' p.m.
Stoves.
vs.
FERRY
MEATS
ROBERT KIDD, heretofore of the Township of Clarendon, said District, but now absent from the Province of Qui
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
n

o
The balance of our stock of Stoves to be cleared out at reduced figures.
Defendant.
of all kinds at
Trade Marks Designs
COPYRIGHTS AC.
aSSSSsSSfagsl I «.-ÏLXtra
W Point
" scientific wita s as? atass* as I %%%%%&....
A handsomely lllnetrated weekly, Lurgeet dr- action, with a view to the attainment of anyof that object. It cites the Australian n «iom3h4i. Now Ynrlf bill as an inducement to this declaration «aMVrSJSSi*1 I ^ch " regarded a. author,t,tire.
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of said Court.
Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
en.
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
Shawville, May 11th, 1W00.
C. E. WAIN MAN
Trespass^ Notice.
I hereby forbid nil parties from trespassing in any manner on my property, being Lot West Half of No. 5 on the 5th range of Clarendon.
Clarendon, May 23, 1900.
J
Shawville-
Meeting all Trains,
CEORCE BALLANTINE,
P.S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.
MRS. .TANK YOUNG.
Proprietor.
Ferryman.
1
*
. i.... a*
_A.
V*
->¦4 i
L
1
L

L

9
###PAGE###6###

In buying tea consists In buying the best—
before the sudden sound like some poor shivering soul towards the Pay of Judgment.
milk biz months after she drops her calf, nod aa thU may seem to be an
extravagant statement to many people, wo will say that we know of a caee more than 90 years ago in which a man won « wager of #30 by four quarts of his cow's milk making over one pound of butter, the milk being cared for and the cream churned by a perfectly disinterested party.
All Japan teas are colored.
Wisdom

LUDELLA
h

$
THE WAIL OF SHELLS.
%
Then came t he shells, shrieking and wailing through the horrible clouds of night like devils driven for ever in hopeless horror from the gates of the eternal city.
' hey came nor whither I hey were We only knew, and oared to
LIEBIGS
FIT cite
IS, 30, *0, »0 aiMltet
r
Lead Partagea
OE/LON TIHJL.
WHI eere Epilepsy, Pita,
CHARGE le any sufferer seedln us their earn# ana address an
^mentioning this paner.
Address The LIEBIG CO. I7S King St. W., Toronto.
CEYLON GREEN TEA
is pure and uncolored.
We know not whence
ILL
1
^Summer
I Painting.
Pumtner surroundings are greatly marred by buildiugs shabby for want of a little paint
¦earns and warps and cracks the boards, houses and barns with
going
know, that they were marie of Iron white we were made of something not much, harder than mud, and a
I
PEN PICTUEE OF A BATTLE
The hot tun opens
AMOUNT OF StSEl) TO Til 15 ACTUS.
There are enough grains in a bushel of good c!overseed to furnish plants for twenty acres of land if every seed grew and thrived. But this does not occur. Ten to fifteen pound* an acre is about right. There are sixty pounds in a bushel of seed. One bushel to five acres suits me. though' ou old land many farmers now sow one peck of seed an acre, if timothy was sown the preceding fall, and the alleged clover-field is really to be a meadow largely timothy, it may he a waste of seed to use more than eight pounds to the acre. For actual clover-fields 1 like the use of very little timothy-seed, and want it to go on, thorn- in the spring with the clover, thus giving the clover pretty full swing. When seeding with oats, use less than the usual amount of seed-oats, and thus give the clover a chance if good
Protect your
DEATH REAPS A HARVEST IN THE I voice within us told us that if there DARKNESS OF NIGHT.

RAMSAY’S
PAINTS
were a collision It would not damage ê the shells. Yet wo the gentlemen of» *
non-combatants

ChVeo. CARO
Krinarloiblr lirurrlpitou of n Night Attack, | the Fourth Estate,
by a War t'orrewpandml It warn n
5
BID
and peaceful scribes, a I uck to our posts like heroes, partly bemuse we had One of the moat graphic writers I no time to run, and partly because 4 among the many correspondents in we did not know which way to run South Africa during the war, has if we had time and to spate been a representative of the London the sighing nnd the sobbing of those Daily News For some time his name most damnable shells! They seemed was withheld, but latterly the urti- to weep, as they sped toward us like des are signed "Al Hales." A recent women who had been widowed through letter from his hands under date of the deeds of evil men. They lifted up Sprfngfontein, gives the following de- | their voices in the night and screamed
as I have heard ahorse scream in the
ffl

trim on In Stir err.
r
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
the well known aun and weather
Get a color card.
0BB0
fighters.
Select your color from a wide and rest satisfied you
I
ii
uhl
range
have the best in the paint making line, of pure oil, turpentine and pigment.
181
FULL-BLOODED CATTLE.
It does not cost any move to raise full-blooded stock than half breeds and inferior scrubs. The only difference in the cost is the initial purchase. The full-blooded cos's several times as much as the Inferior animal, but in the end one such animal may prove cheaper than three or four of the scrubs The farmer who starts in with the idea, and buys only	a few	blooded stock	as he I clover is really	wanted. A	heavy
increasing his	herd	growth of oats	kills out the	tiny
gradually,	may find in the end	that	clover-plants or	else retards	their
he is In a	much	l>etter position	than	growth so that	the sunshine	after
bis neighbor who buys, any kind of j harvest finishes the job in hot and cattle simply because they are cheap. | dry summers.
The reason why more do not start In with this idea is because they have
i. w jt j- pg i |E[$
R&f
j
T
naturally
script ion:
It was dark-dark as the Inside of a | quicksands dog, not the heavy, sullen darkness drunkard laughs when delirium has of a brooding storm, but the black possession of his brain; they howl-blankness of a night that looked as ed as wolves howled through the snow-Lf it never hiq>e<i to have a dawning, covered forests of Canada; and we
*
They laughed
ms POSITION.
TOO STRENUOUS
Like hiraf snorted the Old Codger,
a he did
I have
Die is a mighty busy world, said the
Dat ain’t no joke,
referring to a neighbor wl not In any wise appreciate no more use for him than a man with dyed whiskers h is for another mao with dyed whisker», feel toward Henry J found him!
• Vil
philosophic hobo returned tua companion. It's gitlm harder work ter keep from
Our camp lay in a hollow, like the tried to scoop holes in the earth to hollow of a woman's hand half closed; (put our heads in. there were no hills around worthy of the name, the veldt simply rose gently upward on nil sides of us like the bust of a damsel in her teens. Our
can afford it,
ter be
work in’ dan it Is ter work
BURSTING OF SHELLS
That's how I
We Were not afraid, but no man
Swank—con-
HIS CONVERSATION.
Freddy Fathered re* uf a barometer.
who knows anything concerning shells 4	.	. . , »	..	.	, wnnts to stop one with his head—
s»«.........................-
eart an ue s y.	y enough of you left to make any sort anything except the weather.
.	. f	f , r . t.r	were ^ to v-mv. rnergealm he uni- ^ diwt fierai, and people are too
thing. If the farmers style of keep- Arter h%ng gears or Perfect Ueaiik Me gloom—not one solitary spark of | make a burying Then the shells Nerviline. Its action on nerve pain is ing cattle is to neglect them and let	Wee Attacked ».n. kidney Traabie (lame broke with red smile the eter- burst, and it seemed tome that some simply marvellous. Nerviline is the
them practically shift for themselves.	aai Oihrrt emiiilreiious-Dr. winuieV na, wiiderness of shadows. We knew wanton devil in Sheol hud lifted the most pleasant and powerful remedy
the scrub stock may be better suited rtmk r,,,H Br,B,z n,m >rw Hr*Uht tfaat tfae enemy waa hovering around ttnd draped something dreadful i in the market. Trv it
to his purpose, for the half-wild «ni- From the Piéton. Out., Times.	ua; our ,covUS „.d ridden neer enough	"LmeTbureilng withZZ Z
tolls are undoubtedly hardier than	Mr. B.	L. Mastin, of	Hollowell town-	to count the formidable array of their	the giving of timber» when	some
the well-bred ones, and they will be	,bip, Prince Edward	county, was a	grisly guns, and	every movement of	storm-tossed "trader," driven	in the
eble to pick up a living much Vetter	cauer	the Times	office the other	the foe betokened	an attack during	^eth of a gale, strikes tlie	rock-
on a cold, cheerless and almost food-	day ttud	during bis visit told of his	the atill watches	of the night.	™Uow Light" with a whHe^ud	Trirn-
J%ar5wiy^%dZ "Zd:	^ :%JTa	a\tr%
ern ideas of cattle raising with suf- pypsia, cold feet and a generally broken The daylight had faded into twi-j ruck ot et ret char-bearers; a pa ute ficieut food to nourish them, and pro- down constitution. Mr. Mastin is one llKht, and twilight had passed with The bearers return and lay something
per shelter and protection, the blood- ()f ttie Settler» of Prince Edward ! fleet footsteps into night, and then •d animals are just as cheap to sup county
port at the poorest scrub.	year and is the father of a grown up lent ln low-toned whispers that we
1 hia being the case, no farmer can	family of well-to-do farmers. In the	should stand to arms to give the mol-
feel that ue is not able to keep a	course of the conversation Mr. Mastin	die is of the veldt a welcome worthy
few and in time to substitute them	said:—"1 had never known what it	the land whose flag we fought
1 have always had 1 under. There was no sound of throb-
iu.v farm bing drums to quicken the pulse and some months ago, warm the blood; no harsh, metallic when 1 was taken with severe pains in ring of, bugles ou the air, no cheery my back and shoulders. 1 consulted a word of high command to tell the soils better to do this even if) ouly on	doctor but received little benefit. 1 was ! dier» that their trusted leader held
OP two can be purchnaed a year. The	told by one doctor that I had rheuma.	their destinies in hand-nothing wa.	try	(o remember	the	words	of	prayer
fJcnfck w H îmn-aoe m the natural wa>,	tism a ud kidney disease, but his treat-	heard except the low, sharp sound	taught	me	years	ago	at	a	mothers
and as it multiplies the owner will	ment did not help me and 1 continued	of feet on the African soil, or the
realize that he possesses something getting worse. My appetite failed
Miss Gabby
W P C IttSS
CALVERTS
mo
A PIONEER'S STORY.
the erroneous belief that it casts more to maintain the blooded stock. This Is not true at all, for the fine cattle
Carbolic Disinfectant». Soape, Olnt ment. Teeth few*ere, etc., have bee* awarded 100 medals and diploma* for emperlqf excellence. Tholr regular nee prevent tnfi-otl cm* diwMee. A k your dealer to obtain a iipply. List* mailed free or application.
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
INOHIBTIVI • . ENGLAND.
t-
rSRONTO CUTTING S3H00L offers .peels! ad
¦ u«m to all dfurmi» of m< qutnng » thorough kn## le I*, of Cutting an.I Fitting (lentlsuien ¦ UaruienU. Write fur p.iUcuiara 113 Vonge st| Toronto.
there auk others.
Brass Band
Weary Watkins—I tee by the papers the Prince of Wales is looked
after by the police all the time.
Hungry Higgins—^ es, an ho ne'er works, neither. 1 guess we ain't the
Instrument*, Drums, Uniforms, Etc.
Every Town oan have a Band
Lowewt prii'e* rter Quoted Pine o*tsl<>fOO tnuiuii msiied free. Write u* for anything In
Music or Musical Instrumente.
ity, Ont, end Winnipeg, Mom
ere
I Hue

only ones.
again ae if I had touched fire.
THE. MEMORY OF A PRAYER.
What is it I have touched—something broken, crushed, mangled, warm and wet, wet with the thick, sticky moisture I have felt at times on the haft of my hunting knife? I don't need to be told; I know. That is \\ hy I crawl away and bow my head, and
Toron
Whaley Royce & Co
•I
He is in his seventy-fust (be order had passed from tent to
LAW
Willie. Mille A Melee
H irrieter*.etc..i amoves to Weeley Hides./RleL mood (St. W.,Toroete.
A QUESTION OF HEIGHT.
Then you don’t love me any longer! •he moaned.
No, he coldly replied, I think you
are quite long enough.
The Arnprlor post office is being
renovated, at a cost of $9,000.
smss-Ms,
M 10 ADELAIDE. M W TORONTO^
entirely for hi* inferior cow», pigs, was to t>e ajv^
«beep, and caille. Lei h m begin by good health and worked weeding out gradually all the poorest every day until of his flock, and make every addition be of fine blooded animals. It

on
Catholic Prayer -ïSSMSS;
Rr! gluus Pictures* flUtuury, and Church Ornaments-E-luc Allouai Works. Mall orders receive prompt att
uou.	o. A J. •ADLIBS â CO., Montreal
Ot ht* I way. Step on your friend»	Look for *g«ni In your k»wo, or mqü dlreot.
corn, and the impulse to strike is Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec.
strongest. Putnam's Painless Corn ----—---------------------*______
Extractor, by quickly and painlessly POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES,
removing them, insures good nature. and other PRODUCE, to ensure beet résultaconsign N
Fifty imitations prove its value. He- The Dawioq Commission Co., Limited, ware of substitutes. “Putnam s,”	Oer. WhI-Market â Oolborns St., Torofite,
eure ee,e	ROOFING^ Sheet Metal Work,.
Inge. Toronto, doue by our Arm) Metal Ceilings, Cor oiees.eto. estimate* ru.uUhe«l for work o omulete or fog
«Wi: bu:
ILL TEMPER
me whispering voices of men mingling that marks the cream oi 'he tiade. land 1 fell away in flesh. I became with the whisperings of the wind.
Eveiy animal hat he bungs into the irritable and could no», sleep well at , All else was still. The horses, tired xvorld has, its price, and a prive lb 1 night. Nobody can conceive the in- with the journey of the day, stood fluctuates much, less than that given tense pain 1 endured. Not deriving motionless within, their lines *0!	^uch nell-bred any benefit from the food I ate and the transit mules forbore to break
y * k can always be sold. ihete is having a constant ^.ain in my stomach the solemn silence with their devil-eoarcely u herd of good pigs, cows or l soon became aware that I had dvs. sheep that cannot find a good eus- pepsia, and the pain in my back and tomer even in the midst of dull and shoulders intensified by the stonelike depressed times. This is the finan- weight in my stomach, made life to cial difference, in the returns of the me almost unbearable
Brights Disease
Even
i«h cries, which are a mixture of a tearless sob and a joyless laugh.
HACKED BY BRITISH HEARTS.
Is the deadliest and most painfei malady to which mankind is subject. Dodd's Kidney Pills will cure any case of Bright's Disease. They have never failed in one single case. They are the only remedy that ever has cured It, and they are the only remedy that can There are imitations of Dodd's Kidney Pills—pill, box and name—but imitations are dangerous. The original and only genuine cure for Bright's Disease is
NOT INVITED.
Daughter—Shill we invite Dr. Big-fee to the reception Mother—I think we'd better not; he a so absent-minded. He might charge it iu the bill.
Then we who listened with our hearts in tyur ears caught alow command, and men moved past us, treading as lightly as armed tread, out on to the open veldt to girdle the camp with rows of steel, backed by British hearts once again the stillness, as of death, fell upon us where we lay, face downwards on the soil, waiting we knew not what, it might be wounds, or that s' range passage of the immortal soul which men call death blackness where no eye but the eye of God could reach, we each
1 was also a
two herds. One adds an uncertain ! great sufferer from cold feet, Nearly and varying income, the other brings every day my feet would get like an assurance of certain definite an chunks of ice, and unless I was eun-an assurance of certain definite profita stantly by the fire the soles of and values that can be depended upon feet would feel as though they at ail times. The man of business wet. One day I told my wife 1
readily see which will going to try Dr Williams’ Pink Pills, prove the most profitable to h m in J Having read so much of these famous
pilla, 1 thought that what they hid done for others they might do for me. I procured a box from Mr. E.W.
Michigan Land for Sale.
men can
fret. Ou Michigan Ceulrwl, Ue'ruli x Mackinac and Ixxm Likv Kaiiroade, at prices langmg from S3 to $8 per acre. The** Land* are Close to Knterpneing New Fowue, Churches, Schools, etc., and will be avid on oe# reasonable terms Apply to
B. M. P1KROK. Agent, West Hay Oil/, Mick.
Or J.W. CURTIS, Wh.ttemore, Mioh.
my
Btate ok Oiiiu, ITT » i k Tolkdo Lvuah County.
Fnank J. VHh.sKY make* oith that he is s.nior partner of ihe firm of U. J. Chkhiy ft Co., deiag buitna-w in the City of To vdo, Covnty huiI Slate aforesaid, and the*. naid firm will pay ihe una of ON to HUNDRED DOLLARS for eich and every case of Catakkii tu.it cannot, t e cured by the um of Hill's Catarrh Cubic.
}ss.
were
Then
was
sense can
the end.
DODD’S I KIDNEY
PILLS
FURS. FURS.
m
FRANK J. CHB.NKY. Sworn to before me ami subscribed in ray presence, this 6th day of De-ember. A.D 18S6.
:..... A. W.GLKASON.
; skal. :	Notary Public
Importer and exporter of Raw Kura and Skins. Consignments solicited. Highest price# paid for ginsing.
11. JOHNSON,
404 St. Paul street, Montreal1
SELECTING GOOD COWS
And in the
Case, druggist, and to my great delight before 1 had used quite one .box penenced to-select a gool cow mere-1 , hatj imt>roved. When 1 had fin-
ly by her appearance, «hough one ima> | jribed a euUp)e more boxes 1 felt like thinks he knows all the murks that m-
It is hard work for the most ex
man
stood face to face with his own soul, and few were there who did not wish some
Hall * Catarrh Cure ia taken internally, and acte directly un the blood and mucous surface* ofihwatom Send for tea*iin 'niais. free.
K.J.CHENRY & CO, Toledo, 0.
Dodd's Kidney Pills are fifty cents * box at all druggists.
a new man, and I gladly tell this for dicute a large milk production or aj tde benefit of all who suffer as 1 did."
m‘y huve Liontinumg Mr. Mastin said:	My
CANADA mniA.XENT
pages of his past been written in the book of life
had never
Sold by DriggiAt*. 7ôc.
Hall’ll Family Pill* are the bonk
good butter cow them all and yet by improper treat
Loan and Savings Company.
1 MOOR PD RAT ID ISM.
The Oldest and Largest Canadian Mortgage Corporation,
rheumatism I» all gone and 1 can come meut when young she may have been j and go and enjoy as good health as so spoiled as to fall far short of what j tt3 ever 1 did." With these re-she should
A SERMON IN SILENCE It was a
A BAD FAULT.
sermon in silence, yet so eloquent that every soul was stirred. Some of us thought of home, of wife and child: others let their fancy to her whose girlish lips had clung to i heirs w hen the dear home ties were broken by the rude hand of Others in that grim period thought fondly of a large and healthy rock to hide behind, and he whose hand traces these lines owns readily that he was one of them
Med I in makes me think of a horse
knee. Once again the hellish music of the guns commences, and our guns I used to have join in the devil’s orchestra, and then, rattle, roll and rattle, the rifles on the veldt keep time, and the death angels with all-seeing eyes watch the fateful bullets, and on wings of the wind follow them home to the hearts of Boer and Briton, whilst we with shrivelled souls lie on the grimy earth and pray for the dawming whi«h seems to us to hove departed from the world for ever But it conies at
comes slowly, ns if reluctant to open
its eyes on such a scene, we catch	vil at v\Tvna
sight of the old flag, the Empires |	MbA1 hAILRS'
flag, floating, where our soldiers Examination of the hearts of the
placed it just before sundown, whilst vegetarian and the meat eater shows far off, on the very lips of the veldt, we Ml just descry the last remnants of the enemy's rear-guard as they er ar® 58 to the minute and of the
move off defeated and undone.
have been. She may
Paid-up Capital, Reserve Fund
$2,600,000 1,200,000
Head Office - Toronto It., Toronto, ¦ranch OfTioee—Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, S O
marks Mr. Mastin got up to go, but have been fe l so that she aqqtlirsd I .1(ided that hi* wife was receiving
the habit o£ turning Jiei fuo-1 in u| inucdl benefit from Dr. Williams’ Pink flesh or tallow instead of milk or butter fat, before she ever come to milk Lng, and if so, it is doubtful if beredi ta 1 y influence can counteract the et feels of evil training any more than It always does with the human race We nearly all know of instances where surroundings have been unfavorable, and have made those go wrong who
How 80?
He interferes
rove
Pills. “ 1 took home a couple of Joxes ;he other day and she thinks they are splendid."
Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills cure by going to the root of the disease. They renew a and strengthen the nerves, thus driving disease from the system. Avoid imitations by insisting that every box you purchase is enclosed in.a wrapper bearing the full trade mark, Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. If your dealer does not keep them they will be sent postpaid at 50 cents a box or six boxes for #2 50, by addressing the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Hrockville, Ont.	I
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
DEPOSITS RECEIVED. Interest sllowwt
DEBENTURES ISSUED for 1, 8. 8, 4 or 8yearn, with lutereet i ouponi BtUihed.
MONEY LENT on security of real estate mortgage* government and Municipal Bund* etc.

war
The “ Balmoral,” Free Bus
AVENUE HOUSE____ __________verdiyr______
IT. JAMES’ H0TEl-«&™ ^
laet, and as it	""""
For further particular* apply to
J. HERBERT MASON,
Managing Director, Torente
1 build up the blood
•n
For it had dawned upon turn in that evil hour that all the fame and glory in the world would not be big enough to
plug a tiny hole a Mauser bullet makes.
IAS. R. ARNETT, Manager
JO
IN, Sugt and Ti
naturally good; and while there of reform, it takes much
were
aip cases
time and trouble to effet t a cure wb oh le doubtful at the best. The surest
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
that the number of beats to the form-
And so the time passed on until our nerves were strung to that high pitch which in a woman leads to maniac laughter, half-drowned in tears, and foolish wringing of the hands. Then from the outer circle of the belt of blackness came a sound we knew, a sound that for a space caused each heart to stand on its edge, then leap again until the blood flooded the head and filled the eyes with orimeoet fire. It wee the eound
way for the dairyman to get a good herd is to raise them himself; to breed fox milk, to feed for milk, and to use every method that he knows of to develops the milk-producing power. When this has been done after the is in milk we believe it is possible
latter 78.


Jj A AJ»
Esplanade,
Opp. Iherboume 8L,
Toronto
l fer*/
fkw/Z
r
WHAT OF THE OTHERS f
cow
High Class Water Tube Itaam Boilers, for All Pressures, Duties and Fuel.
Temperance Lecturer—Who was the
of butter fat, not perhaps beyond j gentleman just here f
Resident—Ah, that was Dr. Skidds.
to so feed as to bring up the percent-
age
her natural capability, but up to that, which is a point that very few cows I He is one of our moat liberal contrl-
We do not think a good butors to the cause.
SEND FOR DESCRIPTIVE CAT tLOGl H
Kleotrk UghtUlHÜ Tb# T. Eaton Co.. Lira ad The Massey Harris Co. Ural lad.
Tb# Quit» l'ervha Ruober à Mfg Oa. The Wilaou PublleMng Co.. Limitai, a ta, where Mlare may he
>, Limited
ever reach
Jersey his reached her full percent-
ol butter fat until she makes a | a quarter. Found of, butter from five quarts of
Temperance Lecturer—He only gave | of guna—the deepmouthed doge of
war baying defiance to the couchant lien on the veldt, The silence fled
#
a*
All of T
Resident—I know it*
\
%'s
I
i\
###PAGE###7###

IN NORWAY FORESTS.
THE QUEEN'S IRISH GUARDS
Of the early 60s—one would bars and follow* It only In # very restrict-an apparition ho extravagant aa to ed aenee.
Invite mobbing on the part of the Neither oan the RmpreH* cf Gernnny | lutvrt.tUg lew* or Jehu Hail sad HI* populace In the stmt.	b*	to lead the fashion to her
With all that, Queen Victoria la husband's dominions. For, on the one very fond of weeing pretty dreesea hand, her drespen are of too costly strictly prohibited around her and le extremely par- a character to be copied by women pos- Only 40 of the peers now -mit m* m titular about the apparel of her ladle# «eased of modest fortunes, while on the House of Lords were members In waiting and maids of honor. The the other, those who are rich enough when Lord Salisbury succeeded to the latter, Indeed, are forced to conform to get their gowns from Paris have title, to strict rules and regulations, and to their teeth set on edge by the lack Invariably attired in keeping with of harmony and of elegance that member of them in the male line en-tbe fashion of the hour. If Victoria characterize the toilets of her Majesty gaged fighting at the front in her Bees the same dross too often, or if it whose owm tastes in dress are of the Majesty’s service.
does not fit well, if it is in the least most quiet and simple character, and The British Empire in forty times degree extravagant or dowdy, the who only dons gorgeous apparel larger than the German Empire, and maid of honor will at once receive an to please her husband, and in defer- eixteen times larger than all the intimation to that effect from the ence toi a sense of the requirements French dominions.
IN MERRY OLD ENGLAND.
men
Peeuilar Anette l ike Proeeii Tbmi I» Oflen
U be Seen.
In the deep pine forests of Norway the wood cutters sometimes find a serpentine object, fifty feet long, crawling slowly over the ground. If they did not know that it was madf of millions of little worms they might bo frightened by its peculiar
IS Will Nul Re the Sir.I RegfMM* of Uip kind Organised In Cheat ItrlUMn.
The new regiment of Feet Guards, which Queen Vie tor la has ordered to be formed, will not be the first of I nab nationality. Two years aft* hie restoration to the throne Charles II. formed a corps of hminshshi troops which he called Our iteftanent oi Guards lu the Kingvken of Ireland. Thin corps, had it survived, would have ranked an the Fourth Regiment of Foot Guards. It/ was originally raised in England and dues not seem si first to have been composed el Irishmen, but In the days of James 11. IS became much too Irish to remain iz* the British service. Tyroonnell cashiered the Protestante in its ranks and filled their places with Roman Catholics, so that in the revolution the regiment gave its adhesion to James II, and fought for him against
People.
In all the London clubs tipping la
In Isle sable dispatches from Lon-
statement to the
don, tiers was s elfoot Mtol Queen Victoria, with the
ebjeet of fostering an essentially Irish Indus Wy, had made extensive purchases of poplin, hoping to bring It once Into fashion. It Is to be feared
up
Many British families have every
appearance.
These worms, gather during July and August in large numbers, preparatory to migrating in search of food or for change of condition out on this journey they stick themselves together and form a huge serpent-like mass, often reaching a length of between forty and fifty feet and several inches in thickness.
As the soiara is only on an average about three thirty-seconds of an inch
called the soiara,
more
Vba will be disappointed In her eipeo-and that her well-meant ef-
For, ml-
letlons
Sorts wUl le of no avail, though the authority of Kings and
Queens Is becoming day by day more mj8lraHa 0f the robes, or, in her ab-	of her position	as an	occupant of	the
eooUl than administrative in Us char- mew e, from her Majesty's chief lady in	throne.
eoter, yet, for some reason or anoth- waiting, usually June, Lady Churchill, Queen Marguerite of Italy is er. Dame Fashion—possibly by rea- and in this way the ladies of the court doubtedly one of the most fashion-son of her sex—has always shown her- are forced to spend every bit of their ay|y dreamed women m Europe, the eeif more or less recalcitrant to royal pay# Bnd often a considerable amount onjy objection to her gowns, which er imperial rule, and has manifested a Qf their own private means into the j ajj come from Paris being that they disposition to defy the sovereign bargain, In keeping abreast of fashion are jUBt » trifle too youthful for her Where the mode was concerned. In- with regard to dress.	present mature age. Apparently she ^ ^
deed, eumiituarj laws and régula- Nor ran (he Princess of Wales be ba, „„ wish to lead fashion, which is mhi English sneaking people num-lions have always been the most dif- „%id to dominate fashion in England. a pity, aB> the Italian lady dresses	.	. H lift 000 000
ioult to enforce, and mankind, while pbe dresse# in the most exquisite icnidijr andf badly, only the contadina, er a 8 P	^ J
elavlsbly obedient to the decrees of taste, and always looks charming, dif- or peasant woman, knowing how to ™ ' *0,6 e h ,if Fntrlish fashion, no matter how ridiculous they fering from moet other non-Parisian wear her picturesque garb with eleg- 0 •	•	• or exuc y a
mtk/ be, resents any royal usurpation women In that her clothes seem to Lnco and grace. For so apprehensive speaking peop e.
#f her authority, or any interference possess a species of individuality and ja her Italian Majesty lest any unie her particular domain, just as eympathy with their graceful wearer, pgtncm woman should don the earn* bridge’s Yeomanry paid $000 for the nucb today am 200 years ago, when	which is not the case with the major-	thmg ae, bermelf, that her hate and	privilege of	joining, and	while they
the Russians Inaugurated a full-fledg-	Ry of English women.	Too often the	bonnets are made on the spur of the	are in South	Africa give	up their pay
insurrection against Peter the dress conveys the impression that the	moment by an	extremely clever Pari-	to	the	Patriotic	Fund.
Great because he endeavored to force couturier who made it never Intended	8lan modiet fn	her	permanent	em-	At	a	meeting	of	Newcastle City
them to shave off their	beards and to	R for its actual owner, that it	was	ploy as a member of her household,	Council a letter was read from	Mr.
shorten their coats.	Hie subjects	designed for some	one entirely	and are mere affairs of lace and feath-	Alex. Laing,	brewer, intimating	that
were perfectly ready to tolerate all (erent, and that there was nothing erg he|d together by jeweled pine, he would present the city with an his Western innovations as long as (n common between the dress and its whlch are taken to pieces the moment art gallery to cost £20,000. these were confined to questions of ad-	wearer except that the	latter happenr	that Marguerite returns home. In There has	been erected	in the choir
ministration and of military organize-	ed to be its purchaser.	The Princes#	^ way Bhe Is never seen twice in	of York Minister a mural tablet to
But the moment he sought to 0f Wales dresses like one of those ^ Bame Btyle of hat.	the memory of the Duke of Clarence,
exercise hie despotism in connection Parisian great ladies who consider How. 1!u,e Queen Sophia of Sweden who, as major of the 10th Hussars, with their personal appearance and themselves above the fashion rather dreama of |eading the fashion fn was stationed at York from 1887 to dress, they would no longer render than subject thereto. Having ascer- Scandinavia will bm realized when it mi.
Um obedience, and preferred to sub-gained the atyle of coiffure and of ^ explained that she is a member of Lord Albemarle, the colonel In commit to any form of punishment, no	toilet tbit suited	her the best,	and	the galTation Army and a hypochon-	mand of the	London Imperial Volun-
mutter how drastic,	rather than	which is the moet	conducive to	her	dmo The Queen Regent of Sweden	teerS| ^ the	third holder of that	title
yield.	K°°d	"he adh<^es thereto with- ^ followed the faahion8 of her adopt- within nine years. His grandfather
It is a strange and peculiar cl ream- out according any attention <>	6	ed country In adopting the national Was an ensign at Waterloo at the age
stance that the only crowned head changes of the mode. lhu® 10 mantilla, rather than attempting to of 16
who cun ever be said to have exercis-^ still wears to-day her hair crimped, ^	flQd thanks to her widow- A large eagl0| apparently of the
ed any predominant influence upon and dressed in the same way as twen- hood hftg able to affect less glar- golden„croasted species, has been fly-fashion has been precisely the one oo-	ty years ago, w »e	8	s0"°	®„	ing colon than those which find	favor . about over the Worsley District
s ExEEiE E — “ m :
-
dictated the feminine fashion, not cm r ery*	'	The question will naturally arise as
alone In Franca, but likewise through-	8	1,1,8 tt( °rillljon •	80	,	to who it really Is that dictates	fash-
out the civilized and even uncivilized 18j*ri(>U8 ao * 6r .	. Ion since the downfall of Empress Eu-
world. For, when Eugenie visited the this respect 8eems *	8 genie In 1870. Briefly speaking, fashion
seraglio of the Sultan at Constant!- * are y er 8 8 er®' 8	. f may be said to be governed in a sort
uople, and the harem of the Khedive mpresso ussia an t o uc e	republican manner, the Ideas beat Egypt on the occasion of her trip, Cumberland, as well ae	by her	mece,	^ ^ ^ ^ y^r by the	great
to tbe Orient In connection with the	present Czanna.	couturiers of Parie, who make	useol
of the Suez Canal, .ha found, It t. improbable, therefore, that I	^	m q( a^mit-
the Inmates, either Queen V .clone or any of tb* | tffcg Qfl (he gtûge their crude and oft
vulgar designs for the approval of the feminine public in the plays that are produced at the opening of each
Then the fashions are toned down end refined by the great leaders of Parisian society, who, pruning them
of everything that la laws of elegance and good taste, issue them to womanhood throughout the civilised world. Tbe couturiers and act-oonstitute In one word the low-
Wh«n setting
The British War Office has declined the services of General II. Garibaldi for South Africa on the simple ground
of his nationality.
Broad shoulders for men's coate have gone out of style in London, and now tailors are cutting coats so as to make the shoulders look as narrow
un-
in length and barely wider than a fine needle, the number required to ilham III. *4 the Boyne an t at
Aughriin. After the capitulation of
Lwnerick wluit remained of It went
compose a line of the size above mentioned ifl enormous.
Their pace is very slow, and upon meeting an obstacle, such as a stick or stone, they will either writhe over or around it, sometimes breaking into bodies for this purpose.
A celebrated naturalist says that if the rear portion of this wonderful, ¦nuke-like procession be brought into contact with the front part and a sort of circle formed, the Insect# will keep moving round and round in that circle for hour» and hours without apparently noticing that they are not getting on in their journey. If the procession be broken in two the portions will reunite in a short time.
The Norwegian peasants, when they meet one of these trains, will lay some article of their clothing, such as a Hit or handkerchief on the ground iu front of it. If the procession passes liver It it is regarded as a good sign, but if it goes round the obstacle the
reverse is believed.
Senator De pew is of the opinion
that, had there been a successful national university at Washington fifty years ago, there would never have been a civil war.
into the French service, and in the wars in Flanders carried on by William III. and Marlborough, it more than onoe fought against British troop». At Malplaquet It crossed bayonets with the regiment which alone of the Irish corps raised by the Stuart» had passed over to King Wll« ham, and formerly numbered the Eighteenth Regiment of the line, w# now known ae the Royal Ineh.
The members of the Duke of Gam-
ed
THE MOST EXPENSIVE CITY.
5l,w York9» .He eld pel Expense» fc*«*e»4 I Mote of Par!» er London.
The annual expenses of the City of New York are larger than those of other municipality in the world.
lion
and the financial transactions of a year represent the receipt and penditure of more th in $200,000,000, counting temporary loans, sinking funds, and bond issues budget of the city for 1830 wa.s $20,. 000,000 greater than the expenses of the city of London, $18,000,000 in excess of the budget of Paris, only $1,000,000 less than the combined expenditures of Boston, Chicago
ex-
Th» g rusa

and
oupaut of a
She sat In a car with a little smile of and Philadelphia.
The expenses of New York last year
for local purposes, exclusive of bond issues, amounted to $19.56 per capita of an estimated population of 3,500,000. The combined annual expenditures of the six largest States in the “Why, Jane, this Isn't your afternoon | Umun are than those of the City
off! How did they come to let you out j of Nevv York, and the financial Iran*, today ?”	j actions of the latter are equal in
The young woman grew very red In ! amount to one-seventh of those of
the Government of the United States.
Several
satisfaction on her face, for she was well and tastefully dressed, and that means a great deal to a woman. As she moved up to make room for a newcomer a man entered, and as he sat down he said to the comfortable one:
being about three feet in height, and
from the tip of one wing
The report of the Manx Bank, Limit shows
ited, was issued recently a net profit of £1,310 8s od for the past half year, and this added to £547 12s 9d brought forward makes available for distribution £1,858 Is 2d. The directors recommend a dividend at 7 per cent, per annum, to place
which will then
the face, for all the occupante of tbe
looking and listening, and
car were
stammered out as she half rose and then fell back In her seat:
“Now look here”—
“How well you’re dressed, tool” con
“They must Eb? Is your
PEOPLE WHO ARE LOVED
The peuple who win their way into the inmost recesses of others' hearts not usually the moet brilliant and gifted, but those who have sympathy, patience, self-forge’fulness, and ’hat indefinable faculty of elicting the better natures of others. Most of us know of persons who have appealed o us in this way. We have many friends who are more beautiful and gif’ed, but there is not one of them# whose companionship we enjoy better than that of the plain-faced man or woman who never makes a witty or profound remark, but whose simple quality of human goodness make» up for every other deficiency. And if it ever came to a time of real stress, when we felt that we needed the support of real friendship, we should choose above all to gov to this plain faced man or wo-certain that we should find m-
£400 to reserve amount to £11,200, and carry forward a balance of £583 1» 2d to next
opening
to her amazement that	... ,	»,
In lieu of being arrayed either In the pr.nce.ee» of her bou.e will be able
fantastic costume of the Turkish wo-1 to carry out her intention of revising
men of the Opera Comique or in the the fa.h.on of Ir.ah poplin True her
grab of nature, a. on. might be tempt- Majesty m.ght decree that no lad,
.d to believe from the painting, of should appear at any state function
Gerucne and others who have portray, unless array.d In a poplin dress, in
ed tbe Interior of Mohammedan bar- the same way that she ine.st. upon
,ma from mere hearsay, were attired ever, woman attending a drawing.
to tbe latest creations of the great room at Buckingham Palace being at.
couturiers of Paris, their toilettes tired in a decollate dre.a with bare
conforming in every respect to the shoulders and arms, a court train,
decrees which she, Eugenie, bad her- and a coiffure, consisting of a veil
and three ostrich feathers, but .this
amazing submission, how- would not suffice to render poplin
fashionable. Ladies would wear it at court, that is to say, perhaps, two or
are
tinned her tormentor give you $20 a month, mistress about your size?'*
“Now, do be quiet!” cried the uncomfortable one. “If you think"— “Diamonds, too,” went on tbe miserable man as he caught a flash from her waving fingers
clair
The tormented one sprang up. stopped the car and made a rapid exit, followed by the cause of the trouble, whose farewell remark to the inmates
account.
A fatal fire occurred in one of the poorest parts of Newcastle recently. A number of inmates of a lodging-house retired to sleep after holding a wake on an old man and child. Flames broke out in the night, and there were exciting scenes, about fifty persons in the house having narrow
When the fire was extin-
sea-
son
“Or are they artlfl
trary to the

resses
er house of s Legislature of which the Senate is formed by the chief leaders' of the Parisian great world, such as the Comtesse de Grefuhle, the young Duchesses of Uzes Noailles Brissac and Luynes, the presiding officers of this Senate being Mme. Standish, and the -beautiful and elegant lady who
escapes
guished two men were found suffo-Oue of them was the lodging-
of tbe car was:
“Well. well, hut some people are too
self issued
cated
sensitive!”
They were hushftod and wife, and this was his weird Idea of taking his for a curtain lecture.—Phila-
The most
ever, to the tyranny of fashion exercised by the beautiful Spanish com-sort ol Napoleon III., was undoubted- j three times a year at tbe moet, and 1, thut oT Queen Victoria, who still would just as Uttle dream of using it
to this da,, almost alone of her sex, (or ordinary social functions, for car.
riage, or for street dresses, as they
would think of donning a court train
and the court eoiffure of three ostrich
house keeper.
When Lord Charles Derestord was leaving to take up the command of the Mediterranean squadron, a reporter button-holed him and asked for an interview. “I am too busy to talk now,” the Admiral is said to
have replied, "but this MSS
on most topics. The too late, the found the
revenge dolphin Times.
man,
telligent sympathy, a charitable cov Htructiou of our position and difficulties, and a readiness to assist us beyond what we ought to take. If you could look Into human hearts, you would be surprised, at the faces they
beauty of
ever
is known In Paris as the ” Countess " just as If there were no other dames possessed of that title who may be said to have influenced and formed the taste of the Princess of Wales in matters of dress in the early days of Royal Highness* marriage, and bears the familiar name of De
A Wonderful Geological Freak.
Among tbe many wonderful freaks In nature there can be none In the geological Une that can possibly excel thut known as “The Giant’s Head.”
It etends, or. rather, reclines, against the face of the cliff at Point Pinos, In
Monterey county, Cal., and all who enshrine there because have viewed the wonder declare It to spirit is more than beauty of face or be the most colossal ae well as the gorm most marvelous freak In natural sculp- qua|ftjes are not to be compared with
unaffected human goodness und symr
adheres to that crinoline which the Empress Inaugurated a few months before the birth of the Prince Imperial, and which was retained as an Indispensable article of feminine apparel until the overthrow of the empire. In fact, the name of Empress Bugenie will always be indissolubly associated in the eyes of the feminine world with that of the crinoline, and long after the part which she played
about the discreditable
con-
feathers for a small dinner party may incidentally state that the Queen Is extremely strict about this matter of dress at her drawing rooms. Gow ns with long sleeves and cut high in the neck are only allowed to be worn if the Queen gives a special permit, to obtain which a doctor's certificate has to be produced, stating that decolle-tage would be injurious to the health, and on one occasion when a lady asked to be dispensed from wearing the three ostrich feathers on the ground that her hair had been cut short, she was curtly informed thut her Majesty would dispense with her presence at court until her hair had grown again.
To meet the Princess of Wales with
I
tains my views train departed, and,
interviewer
would-be
“MSS.” to be a printed catalogue of the Army and Navy Stores.
Necessity is the mother of invenIn the early morning recently
her
who
Pourtaled.
intellectual
and remarkable
tion
a policeman passing Messrs. Jermyn and Peony’s shop in Lynn, noticed a beam on fire. He blew his whistle, and a dozen constables quickly answered the call. On account of the frost no water could be obtained, and
to be baulked,
ture In existence.
All portions of the “head” except the back, which appears to be “blocked"
Into the metamorphlc rock» against which it seems to be so naturally reclining, are as perfect as though fresh	....	.
from the hands of some giant sculptor. A father with a glorious sense of
Tbe chin, mouth, nose, eyes and brow humor, or a mother wholly lacking in are all perfect, as Is also the hair, it, must have been responsible for he which appears to be gracefully drawn following list fiom the entries
family Bible of some people named Turner. The names are those of the the other features are, but even In this twelve children of the family, and respect no stretch of the imagination is required In order to see tolerably perfect auricular appendages. The bold features, backward wave of the hair, massive forehead, mustache, finely chiseled nostrils and deep set eyes all reproduced on a natural yet gigantic scale and with wonderful exact-
pathy
In bringing	¦¦
with Mexico and the still more
Hie Ilotmdnboot Way.
A man was going home to his wife and family. It was growing dark. His road from the station was a lonely one, and he was getting along as fast as ho could when he suddenly suspected that a man behind him was following him purposely. The faster he went the faster the man went until they
came to a graveyard.
“Now,” he said to himself, “I’ll find if he’s after me.” And be entered the
war
disastrous conflict with Germany has been forgotten, the memory of the and whalebone abomination
THE TURNERS
steel
which' she invented in order to conceal any loss of elegance will be treasured up against her by the fair sex. Queen Victoria has never made any
fashions, and
the policemen, not snowballed the fire and extinguished fct after a quarter of an hour’s bum-
in a
buck from the forehead.
The cars are not so “true to life” as
bardment.
attempt to dictate would probably be the very last per-Z the world to wish that any of fair subjects should model their
In fact, it is a ques-
observation has been
A curious made by Mr. Sydney Webb, ai Dover.
He has found by photographs that when a lightning flash occurs there simultaneous discharges of what looks like “bead” or “dotted" light-from the Brush electric arc
her daughters, and her sister, the Russian dowager Empress, strolling about shopping; in the streets of Copenhagen, one would readily take them as far as their clothes were concerned, for the womnn kind of some English country parson of small means, there being nothing in their appearance to Indicate their lofty rank. With the most priceless fabrices of the universe, at their disposal, they
taken down by an English clergyman, during a pastoral visitation.
!	1. Turnerina de Margaret.
2. Turnerannah de Mary Elizabeth. Alfred Fitz Cawley de Walker.
4.	Bernard de Belton.
5.	Cornelius de Compton.
6.	Turnerica Henrica Ulrica da do de Lavinia Kebekah.
7.	John de Hillgreave. . *	* \
8.	Egniah de George Turner Jones. •J. Fighonglangal O Teniardugh Hops
de Bindley.
10.	Tumwell William ap Owen de Pruigh. .
11.	Turnerietta de Johannah Jane de Faith.
12.	Faithful Thomas.
son in
were
churchyard.
The man followed him. Vague visions of revolvers and garroters grew upon him. He made a detour of a splendid
Still the man was after
her
attire on hers tion whether she would not interpret • bucii exaggeration of loyalty as
impertinence, partaking of tbe
For while her
are
any
mausoleum him, round and round.
At last he turned and faced the fellow and asked: “What the dickens do want? What are you following
na-
ning
lamps of the town. Professor Stokes, discussing the photographs in nature, thinks the effect one of nature’s wireless telegraphy, the flash of lightning influencing the lamps by electric waves, and he points out that it might be well for persons to keep away from electric lamp-posts in a thunderstorm.
an
are
ture of caricature
white hair, her kind and motherly face bearing the trace of the cares and anxieties of a reign of more than
and, above all, tbe
enow
ness
ria
you
NOT ALTOGETHER WASTED.
Doctor. I can’t understand this sudden attack. Mrs. Rash.
Mrs. Rash. Well, doctor, Henry wouldn't take that tonic you ordered,
I've been taking it—two doses at a time—to get rid of it. ,
' HAD HIGHN OTIONS,
Mrs. Moon. Why do you suppose she insisted on being married in a balloon?
Mr. Hoon. I don’t know, unless It j,a8 excited so much comment was because she thought no man on wbat is said to be tbe beat private | earth was good enough for her
me for?”
“Well, sir, do you always go home like this? I am going up to Mr. Brown’s house with a parcel, and the porter at the station told me that If I d follow you I should find the place, as you live next door, home at all tonight?”
seemingly care for nothing but the very plainest kind of blue and black serge for outdoor wear. No one has ever seen/ any of these royal and imperial ladies^ In what ia known as the picturesque bat, nor did they ever adopt the puffed sleeves that were in vogue for several years.
The present Empress of Russia, brought up either at the court of Eng-	PERSONAL, NOT MUTUAL. asked the hostess.
land or among English/ surroundings How solemn the Fitz-Smiths look. Curfew sba’l Not Ring To N ght, in Germany, is as indifferent as her [ believe they've b id a quarrel.	answered Mr. Blykins with a prompt-
mot hei>in-law and. ai the Princess of No; perhaps they've only taken off ness which, was almost nefiant.
Wales to the ethics of fashion, makes their flannels too soon, and are try- | Why, nobody reciioa that any more!
Thai’s why I Uke it.
three score years extraordinary dignity and majesty of this stout and short little old lady, impart so much distinction to her dress that one loses sight of its defiance of the laws of fashion ; yet, if
to attempt to array an or-
the rather dlngy-
60
Are you going
one were
dlnary woman in looking bonnet, or odd-shaped straw hat tied under her chin affected, by Queen Victoria, the tortoise 'bell rimmed spectacles, the virtually waistlesa Mack dress, flounced and crinolined in the fashion of the 60s, and the side sparing, flat-heeled, com-
fcid boot of the English wo-
, HIS REASON.
What is your favorite récitât ion f
Rev. Newell D. Hillia, whose withdrawal from the Presbyterian church
owns
library in Brooklyn
attempt to Influence the latter, tng to keep it from each other.
i
no
BLUM-seas»

4
l
###PAGE###8###



:


10,000 People
#*(M#**4 #*#+#*#+#+,


Summer I
Are to-day thinking of getting a new pair of shoes. There is no reason why they should not get them from us,
ARE KNOWN BY THEIR FIT AND FINISH . . . .
\JO 0 0 0 0 0 0
Our aim is to furnish customers with the best of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman, always satisfactory.
Khaki,”,(what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
Hundreds

Men’s Straw Hats

Are to-day wearing our Shoes, but we are out for the thousands, and we want to win on the merits of our goods and value.
1
$
Linen Hats Summer Underwear,
Sweaters
Fancy Shirts Ties.
Buggy Rugs & Whips
REMEMBER
I
9
Prices are
tt
Will be taken in exchange for Boots and Shoes at the
SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,


OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE.
ALF. R. McGUIRE
THE
M. G. STEWART.
Pontiac Pad Junction By. the war
SPECIAL SONDAT EICUBSIQI.
»
L
NOXON
*
&
French Holds Strong Position
Victoria

Until further notice round trip tickets Johsnnesbttrg, May III, 0 40, a. :n.— will be sold to all stations, good on Special “ French’* report of hie operations dm-Train on date sold, and good returning un- ing May 28 and 29 reached me at : a.m.
'	Monday at 0S,: S,NGU£ ilRRT today, tie was opposed throughout h .
___	march but managed to drive off the en
Re Saturday and Sunday Night D. H. emj from the strong positions they
Trains.	ceseively held with very little loss, and it
Same will only stop at stations where time j now holding the p’ace which 1 directed
killed and 27 wounded.”

:
^0

BINDER
I 5 KT„ 5.J FT. AND (\ FT. CUT.
I	Highest Drive Wheel Made.
I	Brass Boxes.
I	Seventh Roller for Elevator.
- I the latent and best Improvements.
n
eue
We still have Tea at 17 Cents and Ladies Shoes at $1.00.
• •

woie
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION RY.
Report From Lord Roberte.
SPECIAL SUNDAY TIME TABLE
/
— ALSO
London, June 2, 3.42, p. m. -The War Otiice has received the following despatch from Lord Ro beats :
Johannesburg, Juno 1.—Sir Henry Colville, in reporting the arrival of the Highland Brigade at Heilbron, May 29, t r- M- j states that he was oppueei more cr ieew the whole way from Ventersburg.
Eight men were killed and 4 (fiber* and 32 men were wounded. Colville says I the Lancashire Battery of Field Artillery did excellent work. Grant s naval guns were most valuable, and the troops behaved in a most soldierly manner through our the trying march.
Bundle telegraphs that his casualties were 32 killed and 150 men wounded.
SATURDAY & SUNDAY D. H. TRAINS
Taking effect Sat. May 19,10.30, P. M.
\>
,# Secure your

i
SPECIAL ( SUNDAY TRAIN (
I
SPECIAL
SUNDAY
TRAIN
t
BINDER TWINE
stations

i
m
» '
10 CO A, M. Lv Avtiu.er. I" 15 10.26 10-81 10 38 10.40 10.55 11.05
U 11
]1 19 11.87
J
Ap 7 2
Brevkenridge,
EarJley
1'uiker's Crossing Mohrs,
Q «yon,
W y man \
Bristol,
McKees Shawvilie Clarkes Campbells E:iy Vinton CouloBgs Mellons Ar Waltham
7.0tS
€lr ~ from us.
ti.66 (i.t'O ti 42 (Uti «24 6.14 (> OS
A ftû

Lowest Prices to Cash Customers.


I
Iftip
4 W

E. HODCINS & SON.
WNP**II
| t«i '4 K iuv
|1 47
The
t
11.58
12.14 T. M. 12 30 12.40
I


Oxford Clipper,
FfiONT ABB BEAR CDF
«MOWERS®
il m
Lv 4 -io
Li ,1
ill
Botha Taken.
SUNDAY
NlVHT
I>. H. TRAIN
SATURDAY NIGHT D H.TRAIN
Ar 1150 P.M. 11.10 10 40
10.25
10.15
:
many rr. is oners and seven bio
CArmiED.
O.oo P. M
Lv Aylmer Qnyun Hhswville Clarkes Campbells B.iy Coulons-)
Waltham
P. XV. RESSEMAN,
General Superintendent.
GUNS
0.40
10.05 10.20 10.30
10.5.8
lU8
It’s a Decided Fact
L jndon, June 3. —Lord Lin dad
owne,
secretary of state fur it ar has received tbt following from Lord Roberta, dated Orange Grove, June 2
“ Johannesburg is quiet. The people u are surrendering arms and ponies. Only As,; a^e!^ to skow you the new
three Boer guns were left in the foifc	uionte:! Rail Hearing Knife f	I JH„. |    , ,	^
.	»	„ o" „	„ L
SSmpwjB S'
__B N0X0N C0-. “mited, hgereon, Ontario. HioBar Mabket prarB,,
sssSilllfSilBHErESiEiS1-	•
}8.45Xm:«te isrrs- - — sÆ::ï;Sk:=i
Armvs Montreal 11.55 a. m. I’oilman parlor car at- “ The proclamation announcing the an-	- lDH: Ru far a? ' 6 Wài concerned Mr. 13 rn -
a V OA r> \f Limited-Stops Alexan- nex*{\,n of the Change Free State was Q Je bee, May 30. - 8ale of Crown lands	‘ ‘ f r7 r ^ I»1 uV*a ? W * do:i*r frum
& TF#4V I • Alt (lria and Coteau jet. made known at Bloemft ntein May 26, by po,tponed from a couple of weeks ago	y rumi controlled by him. In an inter
S3BHER— drF
Wagner sleeping ear. Ottawa to New York.	I fired, the Queen was cheered. The name bou8bt by the W. C. Edwards Lumber . “?* *Vu?,ve party never required it
.¦i'Æ.tr	Orange River Colony was well received. c^u*pany for over $70,000. The same "ÜÏ , .*** tolerate or excuse it. The: e
treat9.45 p. in. Connect* at Cotean Jet. for Coro^ , “ Received a report yesterday that company bought 219 miles on the Ottawa	V bugging the machine ,	*	.	. .
^1;nKu^tt°n,.To/onto’ chivag0*etc- Has Pullman four prisoners had escaped from Pre- at W» uP8et price, $50; total $11 -	, .y 7 ^ ..“l Tuppere jt n,ay b« added	LlOOiC OUI ÏQT thfi NêW Thin O'* T
nr to Montreal.	tor».”	,	M#®	kat » hugging has been committed I A m ,	1 ”W ****»5S *
Æ30A:M:%-%	»*“ «TF *—• P-ViNÜi?	P	0ur Spring Line of Furniture is out of sight I
1 “ Tr*
a A Xnî P If • limited—from Montreal —---"	up to clone upon $200,000 in all aud the
.1 Al.xInJnaorV H^PulC^lorU:'	District Bnti COUntTV.	wil1 bo 6°ntLi,lucd lhl« afternoon. A
1	At I>ailv— Loral— from inter- |   ———-——— —   j ?rea^ n,any of the most prominent lu in-
the belief that the war in the Transvaal
ti IK 4	For a m prior, Renfrew, | can ,a8t hut a little while longer has giv-
Hnv V.it,.,'	*, 1L6SD22IIe Pembr?ke- .Bm7'a I en an impetus to the project to encourage
^ 80U.U .nd inter. iettleinent ill aome of tho Southern
A J.0 P tf r.T A rr prior B-nfr.w, F+„ State* those of the Boer, who will not
•-J1 • an ville, Pembroke, and iu-1 submit to the construction under Enzr-point,	lish dominion.	6
ALL SIZES.
0_/>h
•J
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
With Roller and Bull Bearings. Serrated ledger Plates if desired.

v#
:o:
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT FEB. 26,1900.
EASTERN DIVISION.
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21*2 HOURS.
un in Cash for Wheat.
a
Furniture !
Furniture !
« n
<>.35 P.M
If so drop in and inspect stock.
In Parlor Suites
Orvat bast, fires sre raging at the head o( Lake Temiecammgue, destroying great quantities of valuable timber.

Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New ________Prices are Right.
use of making a stump speech every time you try
Bedroom Suite,
Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress, Parlor Table,
Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
they do their
Middle & Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
Tapper and Birmingham.
HONOR ROLLS FOR MAY. No. 3, Thome West.
What’s the to sell a
Sideboard,
Extension Table,
Dining-room Chair,
Kitchen Table,
Kitchen Chair,
K	Bedstead,	VJ
—h ^10W	products of the best manufacturers
own talking.
A Murp passage-at-arms has taken place between Sir Charles Tupper and Mr Rob- -sriBI 1
*	’ I A Smiley, Tea r. I
1.00 P. M.
Mixed train for Amprior,
¦ Renfrew, Egan ville, Mada-waika and intermediate station».
Train* arrive at Ottawa Central depot :
11.10 A \f From ^'«^oke. 7.
* *	* ^	ville, Renfrew, Arnpr
Firm-
¦r
and intermediate pointa.
3.00 P.M
Mixed train from Madawgg-
• ka. Eganville, Renfrew, Aril-prior and intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
f
CUTHBEIjTSON, C^AIfAM & ELLIOTT,
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers.
X "TRBBT	. SHAWT
a Trains run daily except Sunday b Sanday only.

L






