###PAGE###1###



ï
No. 44. lorn Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY,
• •
QUE.
THURSDAY,
APRIL l-4
190-
11.00 a Yeah
in Alvaxo.

bank OF OTTAWA

LOCALS THAT PAY
)
first-class


Hoad OMr#
AJI account* due mo mu«t be Mettled be fore the 24th of April,
farm fencing
OTTAWA, CANADA,
........ f?,000,00C
Oepltal pa!d
0F CANADA.
il. Lmjso.v, Photographer
Mondays, Wednesday# and Kiturd —clearing sale days at Karl's.
TUhy Carma<.'Em.—Several style# stock at different prices.
Beet
I

O M L Y
EoarJ of Directors:
lCAP1TAL • " - $6,000,000.
^'^;l\%.^g%&:jRESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
OBOROR-BCRN,
D. H, FINN IK

111
Jas Graham
for sale by
the ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., limited,
PICTON, ONT.
V

Wanted !
For pale a new VVcllimrt first .class in r
cheap for cash

f
Head Office, ¦ Montreal.
r nflral Mimiger .. .. Manager.

Wiil l„) Hf.Jrl
every rcsjiec
<
H. A. if
Bran hf»;
IN ONTARIO
KtewatiB,
Kempt v lie, Muttâwa,
Ottawa, do
do Bank St do RMt-aubt. T do fiomer*et h
Vankleek HUI,
in .Manitoba :
Wanted A

K
I f/iiiJH' pi- turc* at tx very rvAsoiutb ice. «'all and aee samples, %
H. Imison, Photographe
S5HB%2 ES* ; THE NEW CROERY
Almn-tria,
Aniprior,
A room ore, Bru elrb'ge,
Carle ton
Cobden.
IfAwktel
SIMWVILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved «eeurlty at reasonable rate*.
Farmer* notes bough! and collected.
Mopey transferred to all parla of tbo world.
Lae ark,
Faro hound, Pembroke, Rst Portât*. Wlm-heeUr, Renfrew
h Equity 0


Pince
to
RAMSAYS PAINTS-the right Paint to paint right. See new picture ad. Inside page. For sale by G. F. Hedging,. Shawvllle.
( rockery, < dassw u v, foofoctionery and Biscuit*, will bo sold at le cost this week at
Any quantity of good
Winchester SaUth'i Fall*
VND
SAVINGS BANK.
Accour/H opened for amounts of one dol lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office hourh Batvrdays .
Dauphin
Wi
«Ç.
MEAT SHOP.
Portage La Prairie
IN QUEBEC ;
M
IT .11
Lachtit*
BUTTER and ECUS
an (Corner Main and Plcknnock
ahawiolgan Fallu
Agrote In (Vu-la. New York Bank of Mont nul.
Agent* In St. Psul-Meiekanti Nat Bank Ag*titë 5n Lon«l
10 A M. To 3 p.m.
10 A M TO 1 P.M.
K. A. PARKER, Manager
Sts.)
I
ago—
W, T. JfiABi/r. I
Jntending travellers ehould write J. II
K. liernejt, Arnprior, Out., Ocean and >f Railway ticket* to all parte of the world. t
Evg.—Purr's Funk Lt'd
:-w an 1 froh Fto pie can r< iy on gc In tending huye no ami
1 r, R
i
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Two part ban ds of sugar, two barrel* " u! rm.tvi wheat an I one barrel rolled oat*. I kl,A-'k wil be eulil at 1
1
for Cash or in change for goods at
lowest prices. Stock
lhail cost thin week at W. T. Earl'*.
Advertisers and correspondents reminded that we cannot assure the I For. Half, Cubai*.—Good Milk Wag Insertion of matter unless It Is In gon. Apply to hand by Monday noon of each week. |	Hamilton Stewart,
B"' 28, R. Ô. <'1 trendon.
ex
are
V.
r- i hand all 1 MEATS, also I
f
ON
^,j" Gali ery.—After flii* week, oustome.sure invited to call at my now gallery, (ojipOHÎte H. MathesoiTs) where I r,>r mft	n	Ui »,	ii	I ^ sliull W in a better portion than ever
Hert after, Dr.	Stockhoose, bar- to execute their orders for any style of
nr Ak-iPT, . ,	g1'":! I entist, will he at 8haw ville on | picture desired
WAN 1 hi) A few ‘mart girls to learn third 1 uemlay in each month the t-adoring.	A. K. McGuire,	"
The Tailor
LAI
my
> v ( « f g
*»

A Cal! solicited

s
Sinait girl wanted to learn the mil
Mrs. I). M. Rae.
linery

H. A. HOGGINS.
bell’s Bay the following day. Parties will oblige very much by calling early.
r%
HI mi von, Photographer
PERSONAL.
an
PHIS’i i.E
—A quantify of
Eu-s '—Any quantity of good	iBHHBBHHHB!
fresh eggs will be purchased At Stewart's I The «>r h meeting of the Rural Dean	HHHIHHHI
Boot and Shoe Store, Shawville.	ery °f Clirendon is announced to he held I	^taggio McCrediv left for Cali
"•£7-- si ,rV y	..r> •» *"
u	101 1,110 at 1,10 be held at same place on following day	M
»
«h
r Nil
.Samuel Smiley,
Range 5. Clarendon
popular bru g Store
ladies for tî
now complete for the Spring- trade.
tavy way in which'they had arranged the interior of the church. The
Incumbent then stated that he himself wished to tha kind hand
Mr. James CVhhei toon I .«ft again f,,r
The La,lies Aid of the Presbyte.ian I R	Californi:'- °» Monday.
Church intend holding a Social in the I Mrs. Hunter, wife of Dr. A. Hunter, Orange Hull on Thursday evening the Kendrick, Idaho, arrived last week on 24tn of April. Games, refreshmentsand | Î v*8^ *° her parents, Mr. nd Mrs If a good programme will he the attrac of the evening
Nonce.—S. A Mack ay, Notary Public, has resumed his notorial profession '*? !he ^Hlago of Bryson, and intends visiting Shawville every Tuesday as heretofore.
Mr R G Howard for hîs s in presenting the chuich with a
and that
inion S
lie
ud thu \
Lang
I I ¦	ry to do tin.
smio to that effect, which was ac-coruin^Iy done and unanimoubly carri-eu- Tiip follow ingjshows a statement of
lhe reported sale of the P.P.J, rail.	I he Shawville Literary Society has monies raised for the new church.
Mr. G, Jj. Drabar.on is in town this I .'Y1^ H,c	Canadian	Pacific Railway	received one of the “travelling libraries” trorn the Parish itself.	(2) outside of
week, surveying some village property r ’ COn*.	Hie	report that the out by McGill University. It con- Parish :
for Mr. J. if. Shaw.	' line will be extended through to Chalk °f twenty-live hooks selected from Mr and Wrs-#50; MrROlfow-
T, r, ,	* t i i	. J Klver! has occasioned something of a 'l]1 detriments of literature, history *rd*45; Rev T W and Mrs Ball #20;
he Rer. Aushn Ireland was ordained scare m the town	of Pembroke, which	science, Gction, &c. Thesejbooks will & i Mr w H Howard #10; Mr Robert He
o the order of the I nesthood m Mont- contemplates	the	idea	of being aide-	changed every three months so that A *,,e^ Mr Alexander	Howard #10;
real last week.	h acked with dismay. If the sale goes	stream of knowledge^ is brought within j Aîr Sitoi Mulligan #5;. Mr Henxy Pressley
Mr. J. O. McGuire hss been appointed I through, it will be interesting to know	°ur reach. Already quite a number of !	Lyrus Hodgina #8; Mr George
Bailiff of the Superior Court for the Dis- "hich horn of the dilemma will be chosen	Hie books has been read and pronounced ( 'arretbers #10; Mr James Copland #?>;
trict of	I by Pontiac's Pembroke representative. good.	| Mr Samuel McLclland #11; Mr James
• Woiln1 ,	L uv i. «	«	— Any person can have access to this	A Friend #12; Mr William	D	O
We understand that Dr. McNaugl.ton Editor Equity :	library by paying the initiatory fee and U(&w* *10; Mr Samuel Hodgins #5;	¦	¦	0.
rse-j&esr.............-	xtssss&:%s&
seesp SPiSpilüiiiSSI
ÜSiÆïïTSi:. N.d..b»^„. r,„. „to,bs5 z rL"?;. "~*8NS %:«!%%%
week lending a hand to Mr. Vic. McGuire nnZ} uVh n‘ of 80'neLvwltor.	---_	| T II Peck $1 ¦ Ethel Please 1 ; Albert Me-
“ •~t	«—• kskss&ï *"	WBIB8T^ notes- i
at tli .initial fœtic of th. It It. Vro “JJJJ* “JP1M " “ » '?»"«' •» M«l j«	Eof	: llilàSi’M'tïï “SSd’limTerotj
The bill to amend the Acts relating to If there are »nv m«.w *imV ^	. i wlMle rlî0 18 enjW(i to teach.	8u<H.ti2, und have given considerable
thu Ottawa, Northern and Western Rail- for themselves ^	Mr. Lamest Sharpe returned from the also. It is our desire to have the
way, authorizing the sale of the roads	’	Ethb~>ne. woods last week.—Oom.	church ready for Consecration upon the
• without the consent of the Govern,ar-in-	-_—	---A rch bishop’s visit. We are within
Counoil, was passed by the Senate on	c. n ...	.	,	Portage du Fort.	of having it free from debt. Should
Friday last.	onaw Ville Academy.	___ any one be disposed to help us after
---	.	.. ,	they see by the above how we have help
EASTER EXAMS	•	Although dear old Portage ed ourselves, they might do so by semi
ciu Foil is Dot quite so lively as some inga contribution to Rev TW Ball fur that villages around, yet it cannot lose the purpose, and ackmwledment will appear unsurpassed scenery of the grand old in The Equity. Should 150 individuals
1 lÜISteü
J. Bryson trophy on Tuesday July 1st.	or seven feet, the Devil’s Elbow, the Inter on t» be fenc <1 in with page wire
At, the first compptiti d. held last fall, !	Iaii\ I ,aj;tv.	ascades, and the 8chneaux, which are having an iron gate at the entrance
Lt. A. J. llomer captured the prize. On Friday afternoon in the Elem . ^ Mpida mo t feared by the men tak- which ie greatly needed.—Com
»»	» « T> i « i	ii. ^Pt- we had a jolly time. Each boy I !“* v0wn timber on their way to Quebec.
Mr. John Beckett, sr., has turned lus , and girl willingly gave five cents to make	, Y?8 exceedingly glad to see the new
inventive genius to account by the con- taffy enough to sicken us all and make us	Mnckay Bridge,” one of the nicest in
struction of a machine for running out think of the day after Chritsma* There	the dominion. Well, I think if I did
hubs for waggon wheels, w hich should were many comical sights, and ono little	not 8toP diking now about the unequal!-1	A	drummer	told an	exchange	how a
prove quite a time saving contrivance in girl's face amused me greatly. I guess	vd 8cenery along the hanks of the Ottawa ! preacher	in	a	nearby	town	tested	the
lus business.	I she thought if taffy was good inside it 1 0011,(1 not do *'» today. If any better t'^cts of hard times on his congregation.
F Rueckwald’s ka» mill and fnrtnw at most bo good outside too for her face ('Option is required apply to the	At the conclusion of his sermon he said
This Shows Proches*.-On April 1st P°°/. Iiltl° “ElenmnUrW are not worth The inn,^n,08^	chu^	fritin(!- “ rf-
the town of Dauphin. Manitoba, voted on looking .t, but if they did not look at n'L H l ^ P T*?.1' r	JU’ i'1,e<l 'he mmmter, "that you are the only
two by-laws for «140,000 for the instil- “"J1*1*» «fternoon they looked at our . ' J* .]T,	i“Sf* !\T1„"®ie	,he congreg.Ue.n that ,* unable
lation of waterworks and a sewerage *'«*» longing eyes when »e vontur-	ï',‘d Dr L II Da, ,d- U. moot your obligations T 11 I run a
system, and for purchasing the electric edI!" » ^e hall to cool the .toif.	Tlectod Svn^ A ,	V®	h’k n,c.ekIJ «nswered “and
light plant from the company which now I «"t	was one ss«l sight and ZZzJVT t	Unaucral thebrethern who .food up are my subowns it. The hy-la.s were carried by I Jhat waa thw funeral pnaicxsion of the f%T	^ to be very sahs- "cnhcrs. sod-“ Let uspmy, erela.med
193 votes to 10 against, and 197 to 30 ,Ute Mr. Prendergast, which drove slow-	IT 116,	Pi ,helm,,,,*ter And if ever there was a
against, respectively; snd Dauphin has a >7 g* to the Methodist cemetery	A . °f "l"''I *1	£?* l*-thetl,C -"P.H U wa8	Lh7 the
that of Shawville. yet the inhabitants of ! ^ry hard to find all our saacers an - lfv , *	î?to "f "1 that the pe.m(e whomitoid up might
ü&rjsæ	“ - -- - “î & aas tss ecrsii: &
¦W•	'	'	»->	ttLaÏÏ.Mvsteai r.;rr"S.t,K.to^
ions
Ml arc invited. Ad-
Self-Culturo
Mr. John Burrows and family lmve re-1,IH8Nlon i-r> cents moved to Campbell’s Bay
</
V
J. H. SHAW.

¦ Come here for Hardware.

f

Spring
Medicine !
It was
f t

â
ix
n
The date of the Ontario elections has
Nomi-
at last been decided upon nations will take place on Thursday, May 22nd, and polling one week later. The fight will therefore be a short and decidedly hot ono.
Tne blood becomes thick, heavy and
sluggish, after the hard work and
heavy foods of Winter, causing that Tired, Listless Feeling.
Get yourself into shape for the Summer by trying a bottle of our
CLASS LEADERS. SEN
ELEM. DEM-


IS
BEEF, IRON it WINE
and see if it will not do for you what it has done for others.
FULL PINT BOTTLE
I
75 Cents.
THE DRUG STORE.
%
P.8.
We guarantee it the best on the Mar-
ket.
'
t
Jones ! A men. ”

-I
s
	
###PAGE###2###

\
V
PEOPLE GREAT AND SHALL
PIucod In long cylinders, the
IEXAMINING ITS £5 NOTES.
SOME RECENT BANK OF ENG-
way
notas, when their life is over Converted Into pulp by acids, to-day stands for a golden harvest is to-morrow a heap of waste, and
the magic little bit of paper.
*, becomes a piece of cardboard, or something to
A COURSE OF SPROUTS.
are
night. The main table scats about thirty, and for that company Mr. Ménager must be prepared. Everything is carved in the kitchen and built up again on serving dishes. The King insists that the food shall all be served like entrees, the separate portions ready cut for each diner. Only at Christmas time, when the baron of beef and the boor’s head are on the list, is any carving done on the great sideboard. Before the King touches a dish a senior member of the household tastes it and
PUTS IT BEFORE HIM.
THE SIND’S $10,000 COOL
What

Education and Discipline of the
German Princes.
WHAT THEY ARE DOING AND WHAT THEY ARE SAYING.
A .FRENCHMAN AND OF COURSE
AN ARTIST.
its life
LAND FORGERIES
A correspondent of an English paper writing of n meeting with German crown prince, describes him as a rather good-looking young man with the fresh, high color and ready blush of a country boy, was surprised to lind him exceedingly simple and retiring, in spite of gggggggggt11at	inherited his
father's appreciation of the might of the Hohonzoilerns. The prince is a
of Hue physique, the
of glory over
the
The Characteristics and Peculiarities of Well-Known Personages.
common strengthen tlie bucks of ledgers
The Penalty Formerly Was Death —Some Big Frauds—Note
Splitting.
A writer in the St. James's Gazette, referring to the recent unes s In connection with the forget y o five-pound Bank of England notes
says
<«A Perfect Treasure,’’ the King Calls Him—The Kitchen of
a Palace.
the
•«•%
He
of the United of Scotch-Irish
Fivo Presidents States have boon descent.
Thomas A. Edison has taken out nearly eight hundred patenta on his various inventions.
Among European monarch» the only total abstainers are said to he the Sultan of Turkey and the Queen of the Netherlands.
REPAIRS BY A BLIND MAN
All tho world and his wife are free to look upon King Edwardls coronal ion pageant in Juno. The public performers, however, will not bo tho whole show. Inside tho palace gates distinguished artists will have to make the effort of their lives. Their will not appear on tho pro for tlmt reason their
and
Puts Farming Implements Watches in Order.
tho rumor
There is in tho Clay county, 1 nd ,
r, a blind man.
much of a prodigy as W the musician, or any tho mathematical lightning calculator freaks who have from time
exhibited over the as he is called by
Bank of England is examining its five-pound notes with a closer eye than ever just now. and those on whom the responsibility of blent rests will ho thankful,
have not to deal
infirmary as u paupoi •a ho Is as "Blind Tom
The
voting man fruit of having had little, pampering from his youth until now.
llis father even improved on simple military education and dp lino under which all tho llohcn-
prinvos have been brought up. It is only a few years ago that tho crown prince could have been trudging behind a plough, or or cleaning out tho hen-
No waiter touches the plate after this tasting performance.
But these tilings are outside Mr. Menaget's province lie is mixing in
among his friends.
ing about politics, but ho is always very glad to know ft good thing about horses luxation lo sport and sometimes lets
thing. Then ho puts his money on with a will.
Tradesmen holding the royal warrant furnish all the meat and household supplies. They are understood to complain that though tho volume of business is much bigger in the new reign th (loyal purse-strings are more tightly hold.
The King's wine-taster, Mr. Payne, is scarcely so close to the throne as Mr. Ménager, tho cook
tho
of
names
gramme, urul achievements may pass unrecognized
unless mentioned now. Among them the King’s cook and his wine
By that tune the outer world lie knows noth-
d la-
no
cation
doubt, that they
with tho notes of a hundred years ago. Bank notes were not always so difficult to forge as they are to-day.
“The first forger must have found his work tolerably easy. Dut he , paid for it with his life. It was ft century and n half ago, and in those
who forged a bank
King Alphonse’# coronation is to bo commemorated by tho issue of thirteen new kinds of postage stamps each of which Is to hear the head of one of tho thirteen Kings of the same name Spain.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman and Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, singularly enough, have the distinction of being the most legible writers in tho British House of Commons. Yet both of them are xory fond of contractions, and whilst often signs himself “H.C.B.," Mr. Chamberlain frequently cuts down his own signature to J. Chambn."
The lion. Alfred Lyttlcton enjoys tho distinction of being the champion athlete In the British House of Commons. Before entering Parliament he achieved celebrity in various games—cricket, football, tennis, and racquets being his chief delights. Now, however, his time is mostly taken up by law, and beyond presiding over tho parliament of the cricketing world at Lord’s his mime is but rarely associated with active athletics.
Admirers of Lady Butler’s stirring
I • ict
bo Interested to know that, in order
insure faithfulness in depleting tho magnificent charge made by the Scots' Greys at Waterloo, the painter had the unique experience of witnessing a cavalry charge made specially for her benefit. Tnis was due to an English General hearing the celebrated artist remark that she had never seen a reçurent of cavnhy in the net of charging.
Queen Wilhehnina, of Holland, un-
other
can leave
to time boon country. “Uns, his foi low-in mates and the keepers of the institution, is a rare mechanical genius and manifests as much ambition to excel in his work as though all the avenues of competitive industry were open to his hand and application. Ho maintains a general repair shop on the premises, which he built himself, which is provided with a variety of tools and appliances, all of which are kept In excellent order and every piece in its proper place.
When any of tho farming implants on the place become impaired, garden tools or domestic utilities, including watches and clocks, broken or out of order, they are taken to the shop, where “Clus" feels them over, and quickly discovers what is and what is wanting, then to make tho repairs.
zollevn
rw
are
twster.
It was a donuo promulgated by King Edward when he ascended the throne that Mr. Ménager was not to
be interfered with draws an annual salary of $10,000 a year—about the same as a Lieutenant-General in the British Army or
It is the
it is his great re-his master him know a good
seen
coop on tho farm that has been established for the young princes, llis brothers, August William and Oscar, uro going through the same
who have ruled over
Mr. Ménager
days t In' man goto, like the man who stole a sheep, paid for his crime on the gallows.
fortnight In 1818—on an there was an execution in
course
now.
The farm where
Prince Frederick William was trained is Plon, in Holstein, the homo of the Empress. The
cadet st'hoolM cadets are prepared for the more advanced classes of tho upper cadet academy of Gross-Lichterfeldo. The royal pupils have a residence in the loyal park. Near it is a largo lake, and on a peninsula of twenty-eight acres is a leased farm, where, with
six companions,
undertake agricultural labor.
The farmhouse on the place is a typical old-fashioned peasant's abode
ggggggjgggnot b@en altered in the slightest degree. A great chuestnut tree shades the entrance, which leads directly into a primitive, whitewash-id room, furnished exactly like any
with a woven mat.
Every
Admiral of the Fleet
an
official income of two
•nine as the members of Lord Salisbury's Cabinet and it exceeds that of the Keeper of the British Museum and of sundry Bishops.
Mr. Manager's firmer than the Ministry's has referred
average
England for forgeries of bank notes and in 1820 more than a hundred forgers were convicted. Nearly nine
the Bank was the vie
Sir llenry
is there, where the
ty years ago tim of a more amazing crime than the famous Bidwell forgeries, one of
cashiers defrauding it of
im
position is much The King to him again and
and
Mr. Men-to his present height
while Mr.
tho chief £820,
“Twenty years later, the forgeries of a banker resulted in an even great-
Tho forging banker was a Fauntluroy of Berners street, and his crimes seem to have begun with his forging powers of attorney to keep up the credit of his bank. In that way he was able to sell from the funds large sums of money belonging to other people, and thus for years he
ager rose
through sheer genius
Payne belongs to the hereditary branch of the British Constitution, for he succeeded his father.
Physically, ho is a great man, and he treats his office with becoming
Twice a week—it will be
perfect treasure
again as a frequently proffers him a cigar from the royal pocket case. Mr. Menug-#r's career goes to substantiate the Baying that great cooks are born,
lie is not more than 40 now, and the compliment of being asked to become chef to the Prince of Wales was five years ago. probably of the south, tall and comely with a black beard trimmed on
they serioûsly
wrong proceeds
Should it bo an unusual break, for which ho does not have the necessary tools, the work is laid aside until ho provides with his own hands and skill the appliances required.
Two years ago the superintendent of tho institution desired to put a new picket fence around tho largo front yard, and "Hus" was given charge of the Job, with authority to summon other paupers to his assistance. But when he proposed to tho lines and locate tho different
Hus" told the
or loss
Mi
not made
and it has
gravity
oft oner when coronation time comes —ho walks into St. .lames's palace, produces his bunch of keys and descends through a trapdoor into the cellar accompanied hv a servitor holding a lantern.
The cellar is a subterranean passage extending to Buckingham palace, passing under the Mall, the traffic of London going unheard above.
Locked side doors show where par- their own cooking, for they have no tit ular bins lie and tho thousands of servants. While bottles stacked along the walls are must do everything for themselves, scarcely distinguishable from the old The produce of tho farm is sent to gray sides of the passage. What is tho imperial household in Berlin or now a long, narrow wine cellar, Potsdam, and the Emperor examines stretching from palace to palace had it both in respect to quality and romantic and other uses in the days quantity of the Stuarts, and even, they say
paid him more than Ho is a Frenchman,
peasant s room g	1 |
a red-painted table, and a closet that contains heavy earthen ware plates and coarse dishes.
Adjoining this room is n small kitchen whero the princes often do
Scotland for Ever," may
FLOURISHED AND CREW RICH
tho
MODEL OF IIIS MASTER'S
“Then the banker's sin found him out, and at tho banking house was found a confession written eight
IBSstti
ggpf-gs EEaSSsS
ablaze thirty years ago. Everybody 1 '® * a,,
knows how the plot to rob tho bank,	' ,,ahl mmccompanicd
bonk by on a.lm.ring and expiant	dog trc*„ a "cotton-tail/'
Î'T TT h	i» «uro of his meat.
of tho 4*000 winch deceived the „R-S„ WfiS „ot always wind, hnv-Honk authorities and. nt length, the bcon deprived of his sight a good org.ng of Half the grea names of	vear8 ug0 by on explosion
the city, are all familiar incidents m ' work thc toinca.
bank drama of our
to
It was from the kitchen of the Reform Club, the best club for dining in London, that ho moved westward a few hundred yards to Marlborough house. The Reform Club kitchen has been for long the studio of great art-Its Tory neighbor, tho Carle-plodded along with tho old plain dishes and let the cookery contest go by default, only shaking its head and muttering, “Those Whigs always had French leanings.”
Before the Prince of Wales’s friends started the Marlborough Club at his door he dined often with
noxv thc
living there they
ists
ton
The season’s crop last year was sent to Berlin, it had been planted, Mr. Payne has the list of wine he weeded, grubbed out and barreled by is to take out. Each kind he tastes, tho two princes and their com-Like the professional at his craft, ho panions, with no aid from adults,
He will toll you and the yield was excellent who swallows cannot Emperor pays his sons thc market Ho just takes a little in his price for their produce, and in mouth and puts it out.	dit ion to raising the crops,
So many dozen are taken up in a , must keep exact accounts, showing
their farming operations
European Sovo-her dominion» and is at no time in her kingdom.
much later
when sho likes,
obliged to remain HHIHPHHHI hunts rabbits and i,, this respect she is more fortunate
lie than for instance, the young ruler of Spain and his mother, who cannot leave the peninsula without previously obtaining a full-fledged permission from the National Legislature, only obligation placed upon and Queen Wilhelmina in this respect is that of spending a minimum of ten days each year at Amsterdam, which is the real metropolis. The Hague being only tho seat of Government. Thanks to this freedom she lut» travelled extensively—mostly under assumed names—in Switzerland, Gcr-Austria, Italy, England and
the
also
own
Marquis of Hartiugton Duke of Devonshire, and Sir Henry James at the Reform Club he learned for the first time to admire the man who
The
does not swallow that a man taste
ad
There
they
devised his din-
crate and 1 landed to Sir Nigel Kings- just how
Paymaster of the Household, stand, and what are the profits each
issues tho wine to the King’s J^ru*
Then Mr.
ners.
When Mr. Ménager was asked to up higher he took his methods For one thing he will
cote
who
come
with him have all tho simpler work done by
kitchen maids the junior kitchen for him with conviction that he does not her lieve that feminine nature can rise to the greatest heights in his art any more
Yet. in his rare moments of
with
Tho princes had n bad time
table when it is used ¦¦¦
Payne returns to his cellar for more, their vegetables last year, for There are no rivalries between Mr. drought killed nearly everything.
Piiyne «ml Mr Meimger, although Hut the orchard did well, and they the wine cellar has, bv the King's balanced their loss in vegetables by preference, scored one rut her	notable	unusual success with chickens.	Prince	the greatest
The	King	1 August William	invested in	prize	time.	It was	one of those	great
white American	Wyandot tes,	and	crimes	which are	revealed	bv	a slip
they proved to ho	phenomenal	layers,	at the	eleventh	hour—at	the fifty-
lies ides the clxickens, there is a col- ninth minute of the eleventh hour.
tho
No male hands in
He says
victory over the kitchen never takes coffee for breakfast—al ways champagne, a small bottle.
many,
l-'ranCemM^Himm
In these days, when it is assumed that the habit of smoking is practically universal among men and in-The dog plays a prominent part ci easing among women
z ¦s ,t 2%r
forgers so much that it was decided "nggons, and even ti t shay that not lovo the vvu_< not to burn it, and in a few davs! carries his owner. But at Ghent, ere has stated the last of the forgeries found its tho dog has been harnessed to tho smoker. General
way	to	the	hank.	It	was	tin* one	hill	law also and serves so	efficiently ns	that ho	does not	smoko anJ do »
the	only	bill	among	hundreds,	which	11 policeman that crime	in tho dis-	,,0t want tobacco.	Gcnc.ai	-ir '	•
the forgers had	trict ho patrols is said to have been Butler is also a non-smoker. ana
diminished by two-thirds.	General Sir George White. General
By means of dummies, made up to MacKinnon, and Lord Dundonnld aro
reckoned to be among those with whom the luxury of a cigarette is an , rarity. Non-smoking leading officers are agreed, howevèr, that hurting seriously. Thc	first step is	tobacco	is a good	thing for	T ommv
to place the dummy in	such a posi-	Atkins,	and that	its value	in keep-
lion that it shall represent a man |ng the troops contented is endeavoring to conceal himself.	deni ably great.
The dog soon understands that it A story is current in Rome which
whom lie must hunt,	Hjlows n* g00d deal of kindly humor
enters into this part of his	jn yictor Emmanuel 111. Among tho
lesson con nmorc. Then the teacher	imm))crg Gf petitions with which it
lowers the figure to the ground, and	jg vcry mUch the custom in Italy to
the dog learns that although he may	HSSWp the Sovereign was one frojn
not worry his prey, he must not al-	un 0jd superannuated* servant of the
low his fallen foe to stir so much	pa|aco addressed to thc little baby,
A long cor- a» a finger until tho order ia given. princess Yolande. When asked res pond en cc passed between the Bank After the dummy, a living model 0qUPrVy what was to be and the man with the secret and at *s U8C^* and as this process is not	it the King replied ;	‘ Give it
¦¦	last a test was decided upon, a Bank without danger, the person chosen to Her Uoyal Highness, by all meant
When I grow up," said little	of England note being sent to the in-	fuV this purpose is usually one who	nnd como and tell mo what sho does
Ethel, with a dreamy, imaginative	ventor for experimenting upon The	ministers to the pupil’s creature	with >• The petition was put	ifc
look._"I'm going to be a school-1 Bank received it back in two pieces !	comforts, and for whom the canine	tho cradle, but the royal baby
teacher." "Well, I’m going to he a	the one a facsimile of the other!	detective is sure to entertain a	not confient to notice it. "What	did
manuna and have six children," said ( "The authorities were puzzled md KGiteful affection. Nevertheless thc sho (to subsequently inquired tho tiny Edna.	"Well, when they	come1 for	a	moment	the scare Burned uJ	dog is prevented at first, by means	King -«Nothing !” had to ho tho
to school	to me	I’m going to	whip	have	become	more real	But	onlv	<)f 11 m,lzzlo« from an exhibition of	roplv ««well, then, silence implicit
'em. whip	’em."	“You mean thing!"	for	a	moment.	Closer examination	to° much zeal.	consent," was His Majesty’s rojoin-
exclaimcd	Edna,	as the tears	came	brought back	confidence	The	test	Afterward the experiment is trie»	(,(T aIuj so the old woman got tier
What have my poor	hnd „hown the possibility of split-	0,1 othur members of the force, and
ting the note, but it proved, too, the	111 four months the dog s educa ion
faint to pass.	the iest.
"Had the mysterious inventor been The am!nals .nrc4la so taught * ° able to overcome this difficulty his	SWim' nnd to	,1CU ,,rfy l:1 *1 ;
secret would have been worth an al-	wulcl j 1o ^.lv0 ,f.e f 10111 1 ,t,x>n ’
sion throughout, and	hohlMCs.	,,	.
mmrnmm
two sides of the note adhered to the1 cloth. On being damped the paper and the calico were again separated, and there were two bank notes where only one had been before.
"The Hank of England can hardly be accused of running any unnecessary risk, and such incidents as the splitting of the notes, nml the forgeries, have mode the authorities more than ever careful strange to think of a bonfire of banknotes in the heart of London, but such n sight was regularly witnessed until n few years ago, when the Bank of England destroyed all returned notes by fire.
“Now they disappear in another
THE POLICE DOGS OF GHENT
in painting, poetry or
music
ox&p&rative humility he will half admit that his contrive great works for which he. as chef, gets credit, nml he knows other renowned kitchens in London. Sir Edward Lawson’s and Julius Wern-her’s, which have frequently served dinners to his royal master and are
absolutely by women His own male assistant eon-
They Are Said to Serve Efficiently
as Policemen.
on y of white Pekin ducks that have a beautiful little house built for them near the pond.
“Thc Bidvvells and the accomplice sat in a little room sharing up the stolen fortune —£100.000—nnd tear-
women assistants
JOHANNESBURG REVIVING
it is some-
Hotels Are Crowded and Gold Mining Resuming.
mm asm
tho mining industry will be on as largo a scale as it was when the mines were closed over two years ago. The town was never so busy as it is to-day.
If these sanguine expectations arc realized 6,000 stamps will bo nt work iHjforo the end of the >ear and if they turn out gold as fast as before tho war they will bo producing at the rate of $80,000,000 a year.
Tho people in the Rand, however, feel perfectly certain that there io to be nn enormous increase in thc industry. They say there is not a particle of doubt from what is known of the mineral resources and the present plans for development that within five years there will be 17,000 stamps in operation. This would be nearly three times as many stamps as have ever been worked on the Rand.
This may be
at least the confidence of tho people in the future of the Rand whose fallen fortunes they are now working with the utmost energy to restore.
f-
WITCHCRAFT IN BRITAIN
General (taUv-that he is not a Huiler has said
controlled
cooks
fines himself to pastry, omelettes and rolls
hands
under the King's root, but has his
private residence in a street not very far away. Breakfasts are not his affairs on ordinary days; they are the task of his assistant looked for that any artist can produce three masterpieces in one day. especially when the greatest, the dln-
Thus. Mr.
Other matters he intrusts to
He does not sleep
lightened neighbors
an old woman died who was popularly credited with tho power of being able to assume any form she She lived in a wrelchcd hut
Not long ago
FORGOTTEN TO BATI
"Such a crime ns this could hard- resemble as much as possible the ly have created a greater scare in dangerous characters that might be Thread need le street, however, than j wet, the dogs are taught to seek, to the announcement a few years ago attack, to seize and to hold without
that somebody had succeeded in complishing a very simple scientific feat
banknote had been split in two. and tho authorities were aghast lest the world should be flooded with duplicate notes.
extreme
liked
built on a strip of waste land, and her favorite pastime was that of masquerading under tho guise of a hare
It is not
ur
un-
One day a coursing was held in the fields near her cot-
match
it became known that a
1 as t
ner, has to come Mvnnger need not quit his own roof
Then he
tage, when one of 1ho greyhounds seized a hare, which, however, contrived to escape, at the cost of a gaping wound in its flank. Shortly afterwards tho old woman died, nnd when she was laid out a similar wound was found in her side, which was proof positive, the rustics affirmed that she and poor puss were identical!
is an enemy and
tree till after 11 o'clock steps into a handsome and drives to Marlborough House. _ _ big nnd bright ami has all the windows on the ground floor facing thc
The carte for luncheon is
"The splitting of the note had undoubtedly been accomplished quite honestly and without any evil intent, and the man who split, it was frank enough to let the Bank know that he had done so
His kitchen is
lawn
brought to him and
by
HIS WORK BEGINS
done
Tho King never draws up the list of dishes for his own meals Is done by Lord Farquhor, the Master of the Household, or Lord Valentin. thc Comptroller; but of course It is always varied enough to include anything the King wants, for it is a chief qualification of these functionaries to know his tastes.
)fr Ménager selects everything that he needs
Mr. Blackwood, a much more propersonage, a mere man of fig-sees that all the articles come
That
estimate of future growth extravagant, but it shows
did
The master of the kitchen
eyes
children ever done to you?"
British lifeboats save, on an aver-550 lives a year.
pension.
Tho lato Dr. Newman Hall used to tell an amusing story of how ho first
acquainted with Mr (ilad-After evening service at Sur-
ngo
sate
com
urcs
in and that I lie items oil til*1 trad* men's accounts correspond. When he has verified them they are taken to Sir Nigel Kingscote, the Paymaster, who writes out checks for payment. Leaving these persons to their counting-house work, Mr. Menager sallies forth from Marlborough House smoking
James’s street, the Chef's Club in Shaftesbury a\cn-ue, where ho will play a fiime of billiards
Cafe Royal and afterward ha\<• friendly chat with one or other of
compatriots near At six o’clock he to Marlborough II e t<>
He is
became stone.
icy Chapel, where he was pastor, a gentleman came up to Dr. Hall and, after shaking hands warmly with
ü à
the J
complimented him upon
The preacher was naturally for he lmd recognized in
him
sormon. flattered.
1rs visitor tho unmlmtakabio feature» then Prime Minister. ‘,r*
heard a great deal
Mr. Gladstone.
walks up St. His destination is

(>•

of tho
course, f have about you," said genially, "but until this evening I
have never had the pleasure of hear-
Your sermon was a telling
understand why


7


Then he will drop in at the

7
mg you
one, and l can now	#
arc so popular as a (Toucher . nothing scholarly about
a moment. ¦ each
his restaurateur Piccadilly Circus
c
you there is
nnd aitogethi
three
returns
prepare the King’s dinner frankly proud of his early creations nnd will often include cutlets a la Reform or other dishes named after the great Whig resort in the King’s Timorous cooks might hesitate to thrust the word
the eyes of a King when he
For
sermons
youri
said Dr. Hall other Steadily biguity of
us simultaneously into a hearty fit of laughlci
we looked at and then, the «with© compliment striking
wo both burst

r
BREAD MADE WHILE YOU WAIT.
A self-moving flour mill and bakery to follow regiments on a march, and to make fresh bread every, hour with flour ground from wheat obtained by requisition upon tho spot, has recently been designed on the Continent. This vehicle is formed of two parts, after tire manner of artillery carriages. The first comprises the motor as well as a battery of mills with their bolters, and alongside of them the mechanical kneading troughs. All this apparatus is actuated by tho motor that is employed to propel the vehicle. A continuous oven is hauled in the rear.
menu
reform
remarkable feat
under
was dining, but Mr. Menager and his master understand each Other.
His is a far harder task than was his (tensioned predecessor’s in Queen
time, the Queen’s meals In the last reign would nil be served on a single tray In a corner of one of her privât* apartments with only one of her daughters and two ladies-in-waiting for company. But now King Edward, when he ia at Windsor, orders the banqueting table U be «et every
>
From Paris is reported a remarkable feat by five lieutenants of the 12th Hussar Regiment. Starting at
three in the morning, they rode so-
thirtocn hours, distance of
For weeks at a
It is
venty-two miles in
walked a miles, dined, and then
dismounted, twenty-four _ walked back the twenty-four mi lee. and rode again the seventy-two miles
arriving
f
9
V
I
on tho return /rmrney three o’clock the next afternoon.
X
FIND THE CALF THAT JOHN IS TRYING TO CATCH


###PAGE###3###


-M
A Siren* llaifatil.
When a mother pufte a thing emphatic* 11 y it m because she know* whgt «he is talking abont. Mrs. J. F. Harrfran. Huntingd Que., naye^ ." b.,&ve used Baby’s OwnT-„ let* in our house for over a year, and 1 caiv •ay that they are all that Is claimed^? them.
eatlsraetery Brralla,	I	As KxpeHeeeed Mstirr.
SSÎSS
medicine for children, and 1 can truthfully »ay 1 have never found anything to equal ___	,	_	#	BabyN Own Tablets. They are prompt in
Brvo every mother of young children wMLtbeir action and just the tiling for little
Litton on »’ poLul^rd^we*'1»ilUefd‘fïL SB’
.. Mrs> W*lter Brown. Milby. Ont.jKt- of eU îh»r*® * vllu*bl« little book on the .J h»} » no»«r Ufod »ny medicin^SrUby P*7 °f I"'»"*» »»d young children. This ^b
THK TRACHEA'S FAULT.
àfWvs	JoJumu
y faAsJ- J. $(414,
QâfMny u&ikA/itAjJ*
*/£/ /tyù '$&L<yfc Atxz 4/ y &yhn/ Sree^o
School
teacher» sometime q their pupils queer questions, if may believe % story
youngest ineiuTicr of the Withington family.
His mother one morning discovered shortage in her supply of pies Imked the day before, and her I'lcions fell upon .Johnny,
"Johnny,”
know what
pio that w«in on the second shelf in the pantry ?
Vos, mother," he replied ;
It. Hut 1 hud to You had to ! tonished

on,
mb-
u
SUÜ-
A Cere fer C#e»llpeil#e.
Hho said, "do you bccamo of that cherry
I 0
A Welker's Cewferl.
** I have found Baby’s Own TabletaaBhn-fert modinne for children of all ages." wrM Mrs. H H. Fox. Orange Ridge, Man., "a#
I would not bo without, them in tho house
^ïrhnd1'"17 * C°mf0rt * Uby *nd moU-1	^ A Vital Br«j>. JfT
¦ . .	i ! ' found Baby's Own iableti a
Ju<l rhe Tàleg far Duty.	great h^fcfor my little ones," writes Mrs.
niSFÆlsas
« 4
Ml
T ate
4 #
9 9
« 4
’ 1
exclaimed his am-
Whnt do you
mother.
4 i
mean, child ?
'"I he teacher asked yesterday if any of iin could
9 9
Surprl«lB| Retain,
Mrs. William Fitzgibbon,flteenburg, Ont. y* «—•• My little baby, six months old. was very sick. 1 gave him Baby’s Own Tablet» and was surprised to Hud the change they made in him in a few hours. 1 shall always keep the Tablet* in the house after this."
tell her How mjtny
stones there art; in « cherry pic, and
I couldn’t find out without eating tho whole pie, could I ? There's Juki forty-two."
MAPLE SYRUP
i
We are
handling large quantities, We can handle yours to advantage,
— I The Dawson Commission Co, Limited, Toronto.
-	Conotgwmewto of Butter, ¦»«>, Apple* and other Produce Solicited.
t
and
GROW SOME GREEN FEED
vj’18 ,?*‘VC •own in tho fall will pro-I of their richness in protein, and vide the earliest feed in the spring, their nitrogen gathering ability but u.s grans	is usually	abundant at	they are	worthy	of	attention	and
tlmt time, this crop is not ho likely	trial.	The yellow	soy	bean	has	been
to he needed unless a complete H.ys- the most satisfactory of all varieties tom of soiling is practised. Clover, tested in Canada.
’.vliero it will grow well, comes next
¦	| and will	furnish an
abundance of	good feed	during the
latter half of June. Lucerne, or I he losses that occur annually to alfalfa, where the soil and climate our farmers irom the drying up of are favorable to Its growth, should their pastures in July, August and he given first place on the list of Kep tomber,	should induce ewr.v Roiling crops, it can be cut almost
stock man to grow a few acres of j ns early in the spring as rye. green feed. In most cases only per- furnishes at least three crops somil experience with fodder plants season of highly nitrogenous food, will enable a farmer to ascertain It is greatly relished by all kinds of which are best adapted to his own stock, but is apt to cause bloating needs, and district. In the past the if carelessly pastured. In the South-chief objection to soiling ha* been ern parts of Ontario, it generally thut tunc is too valuable to be cm- j stands the winter well, and lasts fer ployed for this purpose. Hut it is years without re-seeding" It should becoming xery evident thut on high be priced lands.
One ounce of Sunlight Soap is worth more than two ounces of common soap.
HINTS ON FORAGE CHOPS FOB SUMMER FEEDING.


Sunlight
Soap
a**»
F. W. Hodflon, Live Stock missioner, Offers Some Suggestions.
F. W. HOBSON, Live Stock Commissioner.
Com-
on the list.
Ml. I
r
• »»
Ornamental Gates and Lawn Fences
FELL BESIDE HIS MASTER.
Dog of Thorneycraft'a Horse Would Not Retreat.
Nominally, Toweer belonged to his master ; actually, ho owned the regiment. Ilo joined with his master, but from that day he ceased to be a private personage, and became the
regimental dog. When the "fall in"! Thc following story of the annexa-I	^ .	~
sounded Towser took his place at tiun oi Vctim by Great Britain is i	• 1 f
the head of the regiment, wet or fine, j n®wring, though unvouched for. It ^ I M t DcSTHHBBI sown in the spring, on clean, ,n daylight or darkness, he was al-1 Was «¦ no-man's land, this beautiful # 1	D A I KIT
. .... n ,	with vuluable, very well prepared ground, cither ways there. We had supplied him, aa btirren inland, set like a pearl in the •	I Ml IN I
lin !, ,.()r	we cannot afford to alone or with a light nurse crop became a military dog on active scr- mouth un oyster, but vessels coal- Î
tgicct our stock during the	mini-	of barley wheat or oats, and	at	vice, with a neat coat of khaki paint	6(1 hero, the coal being sent from	?
nnr droughts. Some suggestions as	least 20 pounds of good fresh	seed	&nd emblazoned on his back by way	Jmiia-	The captain of an English	£
to tho selection and growth of	suit-	to the acre. It is a little slow	in	of icings in red paint, were his	frigate	at anchor watches thc tip- I	•
aiu iroj.s for summer feeding	are	gaining a foothold, and should	not	naDie and regiment, and there is no i	brunch	of a French mnn-'o-war, and
omiy of consideration.	lo pastured the first year, but after	doubt he was thoroughly proud oi with Prompt and tactful hospitality
11	n>ing ouf the work it	is neves-	that	it is very tenacious of life, and	bis get-up, says B. Garland Mat-! invitcs ber commander to dine
<	V	I	W 1°', I0WJ	many bead of I	withstands droughts remarkably	thews in the Empire Review. Off	board the frigate.
f!!!i	'	H.(	1	lV fe0d‘ Tbe ;	well. Rape mny he sown about the	duty he unbent to a large degree,	-*vi«h	one, and the wine is	not I	#
>	mg	estimate	has been made of.	first of May on rich, well prepared	ttnd though sticking very firmly to	sP»red.	The Frenchman's heart	is	#
’	„	re<lui**od	to	produce suffi-	soil for early feeding, and addition-	bis own tent, in spite of the many	ful1 of	friendliness, his tongue	is	•
» *rfwin f<e' f<>1 a coLw for , one ftl sowings may be made at inter- temptations offered elsewhere, he loosened, and diplomacy being for- •
,»^0rnî or other	clover,	vais	ns desired. It is advisable to	shared his favors very equally among! gotten, ho discloses his mission.	£
duv	,f t !,l| v° nH/<,Wa7 rod pcr	R,T	raiVC 1,1 f,ri,ls two fpct apart,	those of us who formed the inmates, ' w,lich is to plant the standard of	?
Jhnnt «r î fy/	H a"d peas, rye, and cultivate ns for turnips. From sleeping in turn with each cuddled France °» the unclaimed rock. Our $
rnri v£r	tf ,<)he lU f	n W,[!urei	?ine t,°11two P°unda of seed of the	UP under	tho	blankets, and being	Englishman evinces no	surprise, but #
Iifio minrf	y V °f COrn nr	so,‘gb»im	Dwarf Essex variety should bo sown	<Iuito impartial	in accepting his	ni_	listens with interest.	He calls his
,.HV 1 £n. °f ? SqUtt,r<>, ro< . pvr I	!? thc aere’ if drilled in. or double	tions from	any	that offered So	he	boy for more wine, and gives him
t *y‘ mrVLï U fa,lr	?8Vmutc	the amount if sown broadcast. Rape	continued,	the friend of a few,	the	whispered instructions.	In the early
good st/to offrTm5nHn 1	,n nl	<largo quantities of green leader of all, caring nothing for morning the French officer takes a a
...........
afUT, at the rate of about three :	a f°r ,hl? mnster Proved strongest,
bushels per acre (equal parts, or two ‘	',Realizing thc truth, he sat
There need be no waste since any	bushels oats to one of pease).	8lde	,nm with his head	bowed down,
surplus can be cut and cured for	Vetches or turcs arc now grown in ! u.nd	fbivered nil over.	In this posi-
winter forage, or plowed under as	Canada to a considerable extent cs-	tlon	hc remained for	over half an
green manure.	| pocially by daily men. 'iliey ' are uUP# ,or he was sti,i there when
Next it will Iw necessary to con-1 likely to prove of value, not onlv in !h<1 , regiment retired again. At I	*t»p* ihr c*agli
S K-Ss ,5 EE;-Frâ mF'E |	E
general feeding, rye, clover, rape, common spring vetch h,is been most them together, pease and oats, vetches, millet, generally grown, but recent exoeri sorghum and corn, will bo found ments go to show, that the Uuirv most satisfactory, and the list names Vetch will yield a considerably lure will cover practically the whole er amount of green fodder per acre season, if sown at suitable inter- in Ontario. It is very desirable for
soiling purposes, "especially on dry districts, n appears to bo relished by all classes of farm stock. • The greatest drawback to the tensive cultivation of the .	, ^ anada, is tho high price
PEOPLE FEEL WEAK, EASILY I Ike seed. At present prices it
TIRED OUT AND OUT OF I Probably be found best to
ches along with the rate of
REDUCES
•re » specialty with us. Prices on application.
THE FROST ornamental
best. Write fer catalogue.
EXPENSE
and
grates are the handsomest and
per
Ask 1er Ike Oclegea Bar
•Cl
THE frost WIRE FENOI CO. LTD., WELLAND, ONT ?
a IIOW ENGLAND GETS ISLANDS.
Is the paint made from the best materials, studied out, thought out, by practical paint men. and put to the test in actual use in Canada for many years.


and

RAM'S PAINTS

?
!
!
/
are the best, and the most, noraical, ready for use in handy can, containing the beat paint pigments known, ground fine and mixed by experienced men to prevent cracking, blistering or chalking They are made to wear.
Drop us a card and ask for BOOKLET "K" FREE, •bowing cuts of beautiful homes.
on
eco-
The repast is a


-
I :


A. RAMSAY & SON,
MCNfUEAL
Utah. U41
Paint Makers

###•#

Ihe loftiest suspension bridge in The world produces 650 million Europe is 15 miles from Geneva, tons of coal a year. Two-thirds ol and called the Pont de la Caille. It this is dug in the United States nnd is 478 feet above the ground.
. A?
t
r
Great Britain.

Mlnard's Liniment Is used by Physician?
i
Far Over Sixty Year#
to feed
amount required by other kinds
» u,r^WÊÊIÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊKÊÈÊÊÊIÊEKKÈ
basis. It is always best to make
Monkey Brand Soap makes copper like gold, tin like silver, crockery
like marble, and windows like crys- “•yV*tke«hua, wft«ne	tii»yepsi#. cure#
tai.	gegsïtïnstoïnaTAS
ca n be
Principle is a passion for truth
right.—Hazlitt.
j
and
A LIBERAL ALLOWANCE.
T he giraffe, armadillo, and porcupine have no vocal cords, and therefore, mute. Whales and penis arc also voiceless.
lx>
Ot 38 Sultans who have ruled the Ottoman Empire since its conquest by the Turks, 24, or nearly two in three, have died violent deaths.
are,
ser-
The extremes of heat are
.	never
found on the equator, but some ten degrees to the north, while greater cold has been registered in Northern
Siberia than Nansen found near the Pole.
fit


TO ( VIE A coin IX OXE DAY.
Take Laxative Hrooio Quinine Tablets druggists refund the money if It fall# to cure. EL w. Qrove's denature is on each box. Me
The roar of a waterfall is produced almost entirely by the bursting millions of air bubbles.

A 1


WPC 1134

Saccharin
10,000 parts of water!
is so sweet that one a perceptible taste to
FI
TMB MOST POPULAR DERTlPRiOE.
fl
Of
LUMBAGO CUBED
CALVERT’S
Keep ininf't Liniment Id the House 11 CARBOLIC
TOOTH POWDER.

I

Ask for Mlnard’s and fake no other
5
%
A SERIOUS CASE OF THIS PAINFUL DISEASE IS RESTORED TO GOOD HEALTH.
The sepoys of India
six separate
great mutiny of 1857.
if
I
mutinied on occasions before the
SPRING DEPRESSION
The world has six lakes more than
The Caspian is
the largest of these, and Lake Huron the smallest.
more exvetch in asked for will


1-0,000 square miles.
II
:
Messrs. C. C. Richards & Co.
Gentlemen,—After suffering for ven years with inflammatory rheumatism, so
Breeervee the teeth.
Itrmgtlian. *t!7gum« ***
Satisfactory Improvement Leads to a Continued Treatment Which Results in a Complete Ciire—An Interesting Storv Which Will No Doubt Profit Anyone Suffering With Lumbago.
se-
V
sow vet-Pease and oats, at P - onc bushel of vetches,
Sou Must Assist Nature in Over- I of oats per a^^Thfs'mi^ture'wil"
Coming This Feeling Before the ! Produce an excellent crop for Julv
Hot Weather Months Arrive. I “a<l ^ugust, ^ding and	g
_	•	afford good pasture I
It is important that you should be cutting, if cut early, healthy in the spring. The hot sum- I Millet is another iner is coming on and you need ! particularly good
Err - « n:. z j	“STP£rr. ss ^ i	-r-v'-r™”,
trssv1 srs s»nar. éss fsr FFF'r esek
amount of exercise perhaps, your nish a large crop of good fodder iL I i'™ T thf ,eust' and hc becamo
blood is sluggish and impure and you the middle of August. The JananrJt a * i	4	,,	Miss De Fashion (breathlessly)—,	_
need a thorough renovation of the en* Barnyard in moist soil, and JanVn irmLL n n°me°,nC Jugge*ted ^°dd-s	-oh, mother, it won’t do to wait	Ordinary	meadow	grass	rarely I
tire system. In other words you eee Panicle are	1 I ^ * llls and Mr- 1 mnell,	a I-	three weeks before having my party!	yelds over a ton und	a ha,f	of bn>',
næd a thorough course of Dr. Wil-	THE BEST VARTFriBo	!	Vei? 8keptical' thought he We must send out the invitations at f° tbe acre' but clover wiI1 Sive l»P
alJr»gUo/ new ZnglhtZ ZstZt.Ve	change for ttc" bet^r. «"h^k'p.’ fbdVo^heT*0
the place of all previous feeling,. I Should no, h °Ur lutltude- It ?B """I he had
, through the use df these pills in f,^d# In t ni f that haS	Pre-| had entirely disappeared.	It is a noticeable fact
H'E c tfs r	EF 5SE- EEj îSS»
‘	£™=-IS nSm apg&£*S£
as ss ; £s a .jst ! m H?z F>V-v" F~ =-	sr-savi rr	s&S5ïS£,
EH,i2rHra-'EI'SZTZZ'lZ EJHSHFHEI|t wu. wanted
u7 „ ,lo ThevTetonlc *n	t?1"1"* f,0Pu'«rity in un.uccewful. Rubbing may In itself to known as Old English Ruskiu • BkWIP»w».ta*
mmm mmm mmm m mmsmzks--
mmm wmm §mm Emm
Pink Pill® f,,r ph1p Pennln M Qnid hv ,nchcs ePart’ n,ld on the level, from ,0avea for Without diseased Kidneys ensemble is a pleasing and artistic
srss-js ;vs. "=
h.mt2 Me'dki *gT Br >ck vi\U Ont I	"^Zgh « hey have not'is fry' % "her left "hand ^"frugolUx- b-'t'^an °ou2tU ""color" ' for di.'ltot
Dams Medicine Lo . yrxKtme. Unt yet been largely tried. On account. Zimmerman. .	j lion.
ATLANTIC PULP AND PAPER COMPANY, LIMITED.
SORTS.

bad that 1 was eleven
YOUR OVERCOATS
months confined to my room, and
for two years could not dress myself phc prospectus of the recently without help. Your agent gave me ffan*ZO(l Atlantic Pulp and Paper a bottle of MINARD’S LINIMENT I Company, Limited, is being sent out in May, '97, and asked me to try it, I wee^ hy the brokers. Messrs. Holyrood, Ont., Mar. 24 (Special).	I which I did. ami was so well pleased Sutherland & Cameron, Ottawa. The
.	«	”Mr. Bat. Pinnell, of this place, has	, with the results I procured more. ' capital stock of the company is $3,-
p an 1	lhnt	is	j	for the past two years been a great	j Five bottles completely cured me and | 000,000. and its property is situai-
a catch	crop.	|	sufferer with that most painful and	1 I have had no return of the pain for P<1 on tbe little Cascapedia River, at
eighteen months.	New Richmond, on the north of the
The above facts are well-known to j ®a*e des Chaleur. Prospectuses and everybody in this village and neigh- application forms may be had from borhood.	I any office of the National Trust
Yours gratefully, A. DAIRT. I Company, Limited, Toronto or Mon-St. Timothce, Que., May 16th. 1899. | treaI* or fr°m Sutherland & Cameron, brokers, Ottawa, Canada

or-
vw
BRITISH AMERICAN DVSINQ OO,
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec,

v.,
!
Ji. m J w
will also after the first



TO PRINTERS
t



i



* FBiRK WILSON,
73 V-Mt	at., ToreEt»
BOYS BRIGADE




very


Bugle Band
Instruments. Bugles. Flies. Drums. Csps, etc.
Mirard’s Liniment Lumberman’sFriEni every town or school
Can have a Fits and Drum or Bugle Beni.
Lowest prices ever quoted. Illustrated price-list ensiled free. Write us for ANYTHING in M USIC or MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHALEY, BOYCE 6 CO., LWted



$


Whalley, in Lancashire, is said to be the largest parish in Great Britain. It is 106,395 acres in extent.


used in all seven




Tsionte, Canada

that the
Deafness Cannot be Cured
Dominion Line Steamships
Montreal to Liverpool. Boston to LiverPool. Portland to liver pool. Via Quotes-
town.

. 'VV
I



4


I


Writ# for pan leulan.
1THMATI0N/L MEBICtNc CO.. LON BON ONT.
ocean
FOSITlVILV
A
«
13
%
•60 BAV S7RWT - (OflOKlO
the most nutritious.
EPPS’S

GRATEFUL - COMFORTING.
COCOA
____BREAKFAST-SUPPER.

A
L
\
l
###PAGE###4###






Tariff of Tolls
THE EQUITY.
MASSE Y-H ARRIS
SMART & SMITH
Buy your Seeds now
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
—m
To be collected during Season of 1902 by the Quinze Rapids Improvement Company, Limited.
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 24, 1902




V*v#
Mr. J. W. Manroe, the late member, will contest North Renfrew at the ap proaching provincial elections. So unanimously decided the Liberal Convention list week at Pvmbtoke. Tile cuitcat promises t:> bo a hot one.
Our aim has been to secure the very best
Just Received !
4 Car-load of
The Celebrated Gray
Carriages
Saw log* 17 feet and under In lenatl per thousand feet l*onrd men
t) li v
Red and White V Spruce and Hen flatted, over 17 f 50 feet long, per board measure..
Red and V
Spruce and Hemlock, round or Hatted, SO feet long and upwards in length, per thousand feet board measure.........
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or wauey board, per thousand cubic feet....................
Field and Garden Seeds,
Mr. George Smith, of M.-itUwp, has been selected ns the Conservative cadi-date to contest East Nipisting for the Legislature. George will make it intir-viittng f«>r the man who neseys to try conclurions with him in the coming light,
Tamm
which we are now offering at lowest market prices.
k,
+ 1
I
U'Ul
Pine, Tamm
Twenty-five million dollars of the new British loan, reserved for 1 nited States subscription by Morgan and the Barings, was bid for ten times over. The return to investors at the price of issue is barely 3 per cent. There must be both much money in New York and much confidence in John Bull e financial rating.
Soe our CLOVER and TIMOTHY SEED, BUCKWHEAT and BARLEY, to arrive in a few days. Order at once. Supplies will be short this year.

P
t) cent -
and Buggies
90 cents
M
-sSflÈti
Hod. Clifford Siftoo has given notice of a bill to increase the elected member* uf the Yukon council. At present there are two members elected. Provision will be made for five elected members. They will represent districts. The council will therefore comprise five elected and five appointed by the government The Commissioner, in addition to there, will preside. Mr. Sifton ho a aleo given notice of a bill to give representation in parliament to the Yukon.
Bax*
MACFARLANE BROS.
Drop in and have a look at these stylish rigs before placing your Spring orders.
Province of Quel District of Pontiac
\
fVK
A Session of
Tie Court of iiiti Biro !
1902
SMART & SMITH.
1602
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL I
A session of the Court of King's Bench, having Criminal Jurisdiction In the said province, will beheld at the Court house in the Village of Bryson in the said district of Pontiac on the sixth day of May next. 1902, at ten of the clock in the fore non. In consequence we notify and warn all Maj 1st rates. Justices of the Peace. Coroners, Constables, Baliff* and other ministers of justice in the said district, whose duty it may he to Attend the said Court of King’s Bench to l*e then and there in their proper person to do those things w hich zmxx be ordered them to do.
hi mon McNally,
h her iff,
Sheriff's Office Bryson. April 2nd 1902.
CLARENDON
ROLLER
The announcement made last week in his budget speech by S.r Michael Hicks-Beach, the Chancellor of the Exchequer in the British Government, that he pro poses to levy an import duty on bread st uffs, of three pence per hundred weight on all grain and dve pence per hundred weight on flour and meat, comes as a staggerer to free traders generally, and particular? to the uncompromising ad herents of the Cobden doctrine. The impost in itself of courte, seems but trifling, yet it is sufficient to indicate that a change of opinion is being wrought in ‘‘Free Trade England" which tie dreamed of a few years ago.
MILLS H,CH CLASS *ND MEDIUM
^-FURNITURE.
Remember that we are adding to our refutation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No,
We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stock cf Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
Bedroom Suites
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
t
'
SI l
Dissolution of
Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
;
waa lit
Partnership.
)
To Assist West Indies
Notice i> hereby given, that the partner
1. hU b„d„,. Sir Michael Hid» gtiSSSti'#' #
Beavi. announced hia intention, in the the village of Sh.iwville, under the course of the session, to ask pari Uni eh t name and style of McDowell & liorigin*. for some assistance tor the West Indian and carrying on business a*general agents
and dealer* in	Huge uf Shawvlllo,
has this day been dissolve t by mutual consent.
The business will in futut on by the <nid George II. McDowell, to whom all accounts, notes, etc., due the late Arm are tobe paid, and by whom all obligations due by the firm will be settled.
Dated at Shawville this XI st day of March. UK'2.
JAMES WILSON.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fu!ly Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
augar growing colonics, pending the abolition of the BUgar bounties. He gave no indication of the amount he would aek for that purpose, Lis estimate there fore being in the general estimate for wer expenditure and other Items. It is assured, however, that this grant if aid will amount to about £500,000.
THE FAVORITE
carried
I
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
G. ii. Me DOW ELI a W. HUDGINS.
pRESH ARRIVALS
Be vara o the Vidows
a me; stock now on hand
Hon. R W. Soctfc said the other day in the reciate that he waa not in sympathy with th ee who applied the B*!l TeV phoue company'sappUcaticu for'eg e atiou He gave as iua r«a*on that the shareholders of t e company should be considered, many of them being widows and orphans.
It in creditable to humanity that there il I trenches always somebody to stand up for the j bo included In contract
«?	I SrSSH
nopohea. There is nobody on the stair of I hands on or before Saturday, April 20th. a rich corporation so useful as a weeping j Lowest or any tender not necessarily ac-widow and a	orphan eagerly cepte<^WÊÊÊÊÈÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKKÊÊM
looking for their share of the dollar# the I monoply can extract from the public. I
Tenders Wanted.

AT
IN
WAINMAH’S.
It
If
Tenders arc called for I Rifle Association for the building of a store-room and hall for the u«*« of the member;* at the range, uls > for the extvn sion and improvement o? t
All material as well
n

FACTORY
(Formerly MoCredie & flodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
1-S work u
AT THE—
dash Store,
STARK’S
CORNERS.
IX l). ALEXANDER, M.D.
Set.-Treasur
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH i P - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN. T H E PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
The Parliamentary Week
Public Notice.
A full line of Stove Furnishings,
The past week in parliament was attended by the moat important discussion Pi-vim o of QuSee. of the session. The imposition by Great Municipality of Clarendon.
Britain of a duty oit food-stuîts waa a hard Public notice is herebygiven by the underblow to the government, who were chal- signed Secretary Treasurer of the Muni-longed to show what liad been done by ripality of Clarendon. County of Pontiac, them to have Canadian flour, meal and ^nat the li*i or persons entitled to vote I
wh«.t lf|,' Ihe ta.IM. Sir «MM
fjHuner .uianttCv. that- no ac ion had has been prepared according to law;
Ixicn taken, although every meml>er of That a duplicate thereof has been de the Briti-h ministry, with on# exception, posited in the office of the undersigned, is favorable to a mutual preference for at the disposal, and for tlie information of
policy, ur.wer whic.i diseased immigrants iit the usual time and place of meeting, are allowed to land, wib vigorously assa- the Municipal Council will proceed with iled. Reforms which would bring in the examination and correction of the British settlers were called for.	J^t- .
r S:	s
an employee of the Public V\ orksDepart-	HUGH MATHRSON,
moot, concerning expenditures on the	Sec. Treasurer.
Yokon telegraph lines. Grave i• regular ities were revealed, but Mr. Tarte and Mr. Fielding openly warned Rochester not to reply to certain questions, and a lut of damaging evidence were kept concealed.
A Liberal caucus resulted in an almost open row. Mr. Blair’s ivsignition was
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin.
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
Agateware, Tinware, Etc,
G. E. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept* on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
THE MARKETS.
Improved Farm for Sale.
SILAS YOUNG.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) Gs to 75c. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to #3.80 Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen. 10 to 00c. Butter, per pound, 14 to Inc. Wool, per pound, 14 to lGe. Pelts, each, 00 to 00c.
Hides, $4.50 to $5.00.
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
ROBERT C. fjODCINS.
The und'[signed offers for sale hear Farm, situated on the 12th range of Bristol,*’eing lots Nos. 7, 8 and V of the said range, and containing 275 acres, more or less, over lOOof which are cleared andin a good state of cultivation. On the premises are created two dwelling houses,
barn, granary.
Here it is I |STT The Place
two good stables, l log driving shed, in fact all necessary out buildings. The farm is fairly well fenced, and has an abundance of good water. The property will be sold with or with
______________ ______ I _________________but stock, or implements, as desired.
London. April 16.—Despite all efforts For terms and further particulars apply to mtninrzs the importance of the revival v of legislation duties on grain and flour, it is evident that a new departure has
practically called for by some of his been made in the direction of a revenue ”i
followers, bub matters were; tided oyer,	tariff. The duties may	be small and	probable	that some basis for flnancial con
Westem Grits objected to the extensive	bakers may be unable to	raise the price	tribution	to Imperial defence may be
St. Lawrence improvements. On the	cf a loaf, bnt Cobder/sm	has been Etruck	reached	if some form of preferential
tariff, the discussion was very breezy.	at a most viral point.	If email duties	tariff be	adcpled by the Home Govern-
can be placed on foodstuffs, they can	ment. Some co’on ee may be willing to
a’so he 1-îVTûJ on many commodities for	agree upon a common increase of tive or
,	revenue purposes. Sir Michael Dicks-	ten per cent, in tariff duties and to set
¦¦¦	I	¦	¦	Beach kai reluctantly opened the way for	apart the eum thus raised for ddfemire
The horse	breeders of Canada are be-1	the transformation cf the entire tariff	purpose if th3 Mother-Country he disci ming alarmed at the large exportations	system.	posed to adopt the preferential system in
of br< tickoH from the United States into	Mr. C hamberlain has net obtained as	dealing with the cole mes. Mr. Chamber-
this country. The Ciydesdale directors	much leverage aa he desired, but he has j	i4ln fcai little margin for negotiations in
met in Toronto last week and discussed	secured ground for discussing commercial1	the new coin duties, but a leunus tariff	Pork,	$7.23 to $8.75 per 100.
the question how to prevent ihe great	and tariff questions at the conference of	based on a similUr will enable him to take	Oats,	47	to 4Ve.	per	bushel.
Injury that will be done to the breed of	the Colonial Premiers and Ministers after	Up Imperial ftderation on	the business	j{ayf $t).00to $9.50per ton.
Canada a horses, if this condition of	the ccronatrm. Sir Wilfred Laurier,	@jj@. There is an opening	fur zolvereio]	Wool 00	to00c.	per lb.
affairs is permitted ti continue. Horse I Messrs Fielding, Mulcck, Paterson and	talk, with a chance of	dragging Sir
breeders complain that the duty on horses	Borden are expected ti be present from	Michael Hicks-Deach Into it another year,
imported inti Canada from the United Canada, and Mr. Barton, Mr. Seddon	how taxes will fall.
Bratus is only two dollars while any	and other Influential men will repretent	I	nioca potato flour, semolina, cssaava
exporter of horses into the United States	Australia, New Zealand and the other	The	custom house official ray that the j	power, mincacroup, potato flour,
must pay a duty of #30 on each animal	self governing coloniea. Cables, shipping	foreign products fall under the	three-1	tag0, fftgo meal, rice meal and rice dust
shipped over the border. The broncho 1	subsidies and pestai service w ill come up,	penny	tax;	I	shredded wheat, and preparations ccn-
growers of the west have taken advan-	but the main topics will be Imperiol de-	All	cereals, including maze,	Luck- !	taining any of ihe foregoing products.
t«*ge of our lor tariff, and have been sell- fence and trade.	wheat, peas, dholl beans, haricot beans,	________^___________
iug great numbers of horses in Canada,	rx„„„wi,e	locust beans, lentils and rice. The foreign
and already the result is seen in the de	IM‘EBIAL DEFEÎKE*	products fall under the five-penny tax. Thu Ogilive milling company are ship-
terioration and smallness of many of the While the colonie* will bo reluctant to All the flours and meals from the above ping large quantities of Hungarian flour horses on Canadian farms.	surrender their self-governing rights,it is ; mentioned produces % a well as marconi^ I to Australia
SASH and DOOR
Blow at Cobdenism
FACTORY.
• -J.D. FIELDS.
Rutledge P. O. Quo.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
O
OTTAWA
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds #f
Butter, print, 32c. per lb.
pails, 18 to 30c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 12c. per doz. Potatoes, 30c. p.er bag. lamb. 6 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 0 toOc. per lb.
Beef, 5-1 to 8c. per lb.
44
2
The Bronchos
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Repairing,
*	¦	For which I am now prepared to re-
Neatly done at lowest ceire orders nntl *uftnm,cc
prices.-
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
<

verra cilli, starch, farina, arrowroot, ma-
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward t'o a future in crease in business.
DALE BROS.,
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.



___f

i
A



###PAGE###5###













THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
Ko m.
LOFimr
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
I- IS H Kl) KVSRY THVIUIOAY
AT SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QVE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A f£AR IN ADVANCE.
No piper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement wltli
the publisher.
G. F. HODGINS
..
fj
m
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
Meets the h Woduea-day of every month.
Court dues must be paid f promptly every mouth.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
m
Vi,ldiily iavue«ï.cor‘ | We invite you to make a thorough test of this
store—its stocks, its usefulness and its price-advantages. You cannot do better nor get clearer ideas than by judging its
J. A. Cowan. R s
H. ft. Babnitt, F.B
:oi
Joum Bsokztt, C.R
Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind the general public that
ADVKRTM1N0 RATES !
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
J0H» smith. Proprietor. (DRESS GOODS AND SILK DEPARTMENTS !
s
Legal advertising, eight conte per line for flr*t Insertion mid four cent* per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not eieeedlngone Inch la-«et tod HI4.00 pvr year.
Local announce mente Inserted at the rate of 4 cents per line tor first Insertion and :» cauls for subnequetii tnsertlooa.
Commercial advertising by the month or I The apot for— for longer periods Inserted at low rates, | which will be given ou application.
Advertisement* received without Instruc-turns accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,,
Birth, msrrtage and death notices pub-1 tir *our I’urn next.
Obituary poetry tu
WE HAVE THE N|0ST UP-TO-DATE FARM MACHINERY ON THE MARKET-------------------------
Everything here carries the stamp of good taste correct style and splendid worth.
a," a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
A Fashionable Haïr Cut, Good Shampoo, ob A Clean Shave.
»
It shod free of charge, coûta per line.
ree
r*
CEO. HYNES
JOB PRINTING».
Note.—Pole can be arranged for two, three or four horses, instantly without removing pole. Made in nine different sizes from 1<> to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side bills and turning at end of furrow.
) READ ON !
All kind* of Job Printing neatly end cheaply ei*culed. Orders by mail promptly * attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAW~V ILLE, - - QUE,
New Dress Goods, Ladies’ Suitings and Silks.
We invite you to see them, to scrutinize the values and prices. Ask especially to see the new satin-finished Henriettas in the soft materials suitable for the new Tucked Skirts, now in high favor.
Again—we have a nice range of Ladies’ Plain Cloths purposely for Tailor-made Jackets and Skirts. See these.
M
Publisher.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F. M.A. MoNaughtorilB./V,M.D.,C.M.
A largo, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Graduate ok McGill Universitt,*
Office— Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox,
Orlloe hours -Monday, Wednesday and g# UNDERTAKING Saturday afternoon*.
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
I alio keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the moat elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.
F. T. M. C.
Graduât» of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduât» of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by elimination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omoe awd Hksidiwc* : J. H ÀmnwraoMO'a Houai, MAINSTRRRT - - 8JHAWVILLE.
THOSE ELEGANT SILKS FOR WAISTS :
District and Country.
You can only appreciate their beauty and excellence by seeing them, but come soon, while assortments are complete and at their best.
Isaac Hunter and Albert Jonee of Hunter's Point near ICippewa are in Bryson jtvl for killing moose out of season.
Two Finlanders named Emil Saimenin and John Kuiki, were killed by falling ruck in No. 2 mine, Copper UiitF, lut Thursday.
Mr. E. A. Newton, pnblisher of the Ndhh Bay despatch, died last week. His remains were taken to I.ir.dtay for interment.
The McCtrmick Harvesting Machinery Company are going to build a large branch
5Jr*°	““‘”1	~~-------------------------Elegant Silks and Dress Goods,
G. F. HODGINS, Readymade Clothing, Underwear,
just «Ken Ontario might profit by the	shawville, - - - QUE. '	Groceries, China and Glassware,
increase in the price of me it, Mr. Dry	_	n ,
I_____________________¦________________________________ Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
theap beefsteak.—Mail.	—	~	---——----!—j	__________
..thtt’arîlgîd Anpther Gold Medal for I flood Bargains now going
charge which he brought a gainst J. W.	„/	—-------
/vi ,	+	I r. aaosAU .. .. ladyskits.
Angelo Dendetto was «hot by Pietro Portcjo at Copper Ciiff, when tho former drove a knife into the heart of the latter, who died instantly. Both were Italian*. The corner's inquest returned a verdict that the stabbing was in selfdefence.
The Laurentian Water Company proposes an agteement with the Lachute corporation to lay a water system in the tuwn. The company is to be freed from taxation, and ia to put in forty hydrants and maintain them, and to furnish water from same free if charge for tire protection and for sprinkling the streets.
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thurs «hiv and Friday of every week. Office at
ill visit wrvsou on weone> day and Friday of every wee It. MeO. Ritchie's residence.
JUST RECEIVED, by express, a complete assortment of the new APPLIQUE LACE in White Cream and Black, now in sale.
Headquarters for
B0URBEAÜ RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
UP-TO-DATE GOODS
ADVOCATE . . BKYSON,
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &c„
llvom 20, TriMt Building. No. ti Sparks,
St., Ottawa, Out.
At bhswvlile, second end fourth Thursday i	of each month.
XHre—over G. F. Hodglue’ Store, Main St.
CEO. C. WRICHT,
advocate, barrister, AC,
OK THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
in all Winter Goods.
i
Street, Ottawa.
!


i

K

Phone No. 13Î6L
Alt-ends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.


% •»

w
Fishing Nets
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
ADVOCATE, Ac..
LAW CHAMBERS }
At Shawville 3rd Thursday each month. At request attends Courts in District of Pontiac. Prompt collections and immediate remittances. Special attention to correspondents.
•I
(LONDON)
MAIN STREET, HULL, - • QUE.
The Pan American Exposition Gold Medal (the highest award) was awarded to John Labatt’s Ales and Stout.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street,-QUEBEC,
» « « « sud s,#.
Fishing Tackle
W. W. IRELAND,
Five house» were damaged by a landslide at Levis, Que.
Metapedia, Que., April 16 -The Gillis I, tTh« Pacifie cable has reached the Fiji House and store, the Ferguson House and '*'*""* from New Zealand.
storee, the Dorion House and store, the &Ten thousand mill operatives have been Catholic Church and the residences of locked out at Augusta, Ga.
Dr. Pm soit, and Mr. Lagace, with all	....	' _ .	A
contents, were destroyed by fire lube this	Several buildings at Tadousac, Que
afternoon. The loss is estimated at $75, | "ere octroyed cr damaged by fire.
000, with very little insurance.	| Natural gas is now used for heating
and lighting in Heathfield, England.
Police Magistrate O’Keefe, of Ottawa, dismissed a case because the plaintiff, a French-Canadian woman, persisted in speaking French when she could apeak
:o:
of all kinds.
Clerk of the Dintrict Magistrate*’ Court, Commissioner aud Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
it»., ««t t. generiii, u=o.ntb.t	McDOUSALL St C7Z1TEF.,
KjlMÆK'iôîtt ÏE Hardware Merchants, • - - Susse* St. Ottawa.
ing them to either ^maiket or slaughter house, but it is the case and a heavy fine
may be imposed for a breach of it.	Moved by Coun Graham, sec by Coun
It is as id that McKenzie and Mann Tabor, and resolved, that Richard Do-will commence building the rsilwvy berty and he is hereby appointed a special between Parry Sound and Sudbury officer to picket out the sideline road shortly and that the line will be com- between the northeast halves of lots 5 pleted within eighteen months. After and 6, range 7 forthwith; and that ,Ian.es the south end of the railway is Ç nia bed Leach and Thomas A Orrbe ordered to the company intends to push on north* each build their fence 1> leet from the ward, skirting the west shore of Lake centre of the road picketed out, and to Temiskaming, both lines reaching the remove all fences and stumps they may sixteen million miles acre clay belt. have placed upon the road allowance,
each party to remove obstructions 15 faet
upon his own side of the line.
The list of parliamentary electors for the year 1902 was laid before the board for
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
• I
s. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PU8LI *. NOTARY FOR THE
RELIANCE LO 0N^RI(£A ** I There b#a been, what many people,
money to loan on easy terms.	'(especially among the working classes) Yokohama reports 40 vessels missing
BRYSON. - - QUE.	| will regard as an alarming increase in the j since the storm of Thursday last., ¦_
Will be In Shawville on Tuesday and Sat- price of freeh meat, in moet of the lerge urday of every week.	Canadian cities, bteaks are quoted from
èm- 15 all the way up to 22 cents per pound, while lamb-meat, killed last year, and kept in cold storage, is selling for

PATENTS
PROMPTLY SECURED
Buckingham unanimously passed its by-law to raise $25,000 for macadamizing its streets.
Write for our interesting books " Inventor's Help" and “How you are swindled. Send us a rough aketeh or model of your invention or improvement and wo will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a *pe< ; ill v of applications rejected in other bands. Highest references furnished.
J. J. TURNER,
Brockville rate of taxation is 22£ mil's on the dollars, being the same sa last year.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County 12& cents.
Pontiac. Sale*conducted in a business-like
aud satisfactory manner. Goode or articles Mrs. Joseph Payette, of Ottawa has
æsEmEsKE SBSSLKL 6SBA,	I
month, a variety of articles always on 000 damages against the Canada Atlantic time pis*.
«*«. «he workmen being to d to crawl „med follower,.	M,„atW of lut«*,<» of Ooaocü being	b, Couo Morril, ,ec byCoun fonced by thlt dsM.
00^^%	(,s,nbd'
«.Tned	8	Liner Huronian.	I minute, aa read be adopted.	highway remove the same on or Before b« and i. inatrueted to notify Richard
„ n ..	.	a . 0 . , I	Geo. Dagg applied	to	the Council for \{he first day of July, 1904, also reconi-	R^g^tt to remove hie fence of the 6th
Li I resided	levais su fh ring from !	BgnerBtjon 0f gome	kind for hie camp ! mend that the new fei:c s song the pub*	concession line road front off lot 20; Dun-
aevore ophthalmia and is threatened with j occupied by smallpox patients last lie highways be built in accordance with can Campbell to remove his fence off the Mai blindness.	j w^n er<	j article 4 , r> A of the Mumcpal Cede, which concession line road on lot 11, within
The Allan Liner Parisian with the Moved by Coun Smiley, see by Coun «hall be of wire.	one month from this date, and forbid
the recent find of pine in Central At- Canadian lacrosse' team on board has Ireland, and resolved, that Geo Dagg be Moved bv Cvun Graham, sec by Coun John Horner to encroach upon the
c: îÿ K t %£zr<c """ "	ÿs.'&strs,	at»" -* u“
crown	lands	department, who	haa just	The Marconi	Company hsa signed the and left in the camp.	of vaccination to either the Secretary at	Moved by Coun Graham, sec by Coun
returned	from	a five-weeks'	trip	through	contract made	fer the election of a sta-	David Small requested	the Council to | his office, W H Lucas, Mayor, Caldwoll	Morris, and resolved, that the Counoil
the legion, show that the discovery is a	tion on the Atlantic coast.	compel the owner of lot S W half 24,	P O, Andrew A'exander, at his residence,	adjourn,
moet important one. According to Mr.	.	, u	langeutwo, to build his fence as required	lot 12 concession 16,	or Fred Pilchard,	A w MoKichm,
Wilson there are 1,000 square miles of	J*P*o. h i» begun to prac tce economy	^ special notice last	November.	Bellerica, on or before	the first dsy	Sec'y-Trvaaurer.
virgin white pine in the district, and in	by dismissing 9 000 servants, or	14 per	Moved by Coun Graham, sec by Coun	of May next, and that	persona who
aome places the timber runs four million cent of lhe toUl namber emPloyed-	Smiley, and resolved, that the Council refuse or neglect to produce their certi
IMSmm SB=yss Sr." ::=
ted at 360,000.000 feet and of the very	and T A Orr, that	James Leeth was	aa the laws governing the	public health
beet quality. Mr Whitson also reports	Deputy minister of agriculture,	C. W.	building hie fence on	the road all* * wane#	in this provirc» directs;	and that the
finding small deposits of homatite Iron	Peterson, of the Northwest	territories,	on sideline between N E half 8 of lots 5	Secretary have notion **.1 l,d posted
_ , ore along the banks of the river, also	expects to see 200,000 people set:led in	and 6, range 7, and that road is being :	up in all pub.ic places	in the Mumcipa
l] H A W V {LLE Q.! small icdicatiogs of grey copper ore. the territories this year. .	built of stumps.	‘ li:y setting forth that vaccination >e per
Principal Grant has returned to King-feeling better than he has for some
Mr.
TS
PATENT SOLICITORS * EXP
. Civil A Mechanical Kaflneere, 0radiates of the ( Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors us Applied Sciences, Laval University, Members Patent Law Association, American Water Wort» Association, New England Water Works Assoc P. Q. auiveyore Association,
Society of Civil Engineers.
•rraii: {
BRISTOL COUNCIL.
HOTELS.
HEW Y3R* LIFE rUTfi., WUTtEAL CAM.
ATUUJTIC IUILDHC., WASHINCrON, D C.
St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well fui nlsked.
Fibst-class Li vert Attached.
%
Big Discovery of Pine,
Toronto, April 18.—Farther details of

<
ii
El PRACTICAL
r WATCHMAKER
1
W H Lucas
Mayor.
JEWELLER
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCK*,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
/ %
Frank McLaren, of Perth, has gone to England as a member of the Toronto Lacrosse Club which is to play series of matches in the mother land.
General O’Grady-Haley ’s term as commandant of the militia will expire on June 30, and his successor will assume the command on July L
RepAianre—
a Speciality!





###PAGE###6###


Ô<i
!The Fata, Dower
:	iSS=SE55S
..° éfyS|S-£ E~ ÎH'E3	'."
„ c, »» .*chv]t,iEH j!2 Tr"44 ^ j 5z23z%F^ *
¦—m
P? ":cz:= rür j=«xsva %., r i «a. issu* crüz%trr - » °_r-0ha*»'8 ointment w^^»; % tr:,
üMlfHrti^^ligf !P*3||g:~:
:;: sassèsiSiB^bj.sfli jKpsst s =^£~s~â
ÏK5S-Ï55—S*™ te:r.r d£S~'i3~?w
ittÉi"
¦ Unlil ifiS1 NoW- ThereSC' thti opera-cloak. I There was no one in the conserva- There came to her no memory ot
wo.,12' ïtKSIi£-“.!•"¦ E «ÆCf"*“ to"
H	I II m.	®^— Aftei q 111 she 8nid herself
¦4V
aNo» Rhc replied. “But your en- happiness was complete when he had "Tell me, Daisy, when will I wish gagement should be made known. It secured her hand for the first waltz, my wife." this will save many disappointments and She was surrounded by her court of much mortification. That poor Cap- of admirers. Never had the beauti-
ATjr'Sf" "*¦ ™ s»* W-r“” “ ,ov‘ ïïtaiSr Sfr. ÆTpJsî
mmmrnm
tmmmmmam
O
from
KO
and
tde,
for
OR
i him
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
she said.
e
(To Do Continued)
0
CUAl*TKU^^Margaret1 Howard.^ulT* iheVa the eve of departure to join her so- make cretly married husband, leaves
TUB CHAMPION PAID
connec-
te

ho
if
* 1 •
$
left
can't
-two e the
an*
no
one you wheeled
ami back, or pay.**
My
# »
A HAPPY TIME IN STORE
to be master-
On
tira t h
Fo-
wl fe
1er
lowly dream was
no
,---- .	- do," said Daisy ;
i t must end. Lord Lisle left Daisy I ftm Quite satisfied with my picture/*
. A .	'iPHMMi____________ on “Would not you like to go with
his bright fucc. Mrs. Wyverne heard us ? ' asked Rita, complacently May j1 he sigh and saw the look, but she [ &rtr(iing herself in the glass.
I ‘ Yes. for some reasons; “no,
replied the young girl. There»©, the opera-cloak,
STRAIGHT TO THE POINT.
The London street Arab is essentially a practical-minded youth. With him there Is no beating about the bush, no wasting of time in fulsome compliments or excessive politeness.
A short while since a number of East-end gamins were being entertained at tea, and a bevy of charitably-disposed ladies were assembled to do the honors. One of these tour waitresses armed herself with a huge plate of bread and butter, and approached a hungry-looking small boy.
"Will you have some bread and butter, dear ?" she inquired, hi dulcet tones,.
"No !" said the lad.
'No,' what ?" sho replied, in mild remonstrance at his lack of manners.
"No bloomin' fear, not wen there's plum cyke abnrt," was the retort.
morning
gay. The tall trees in the park were I 1	......
green and full of leaves ; the birds jealous of Captain Darcy...........vwv . ,	......
t,u; .^ranches ; crowds of j opera ended she sat making up her please ; Miss” Lisle will be late."
The crimson cloak was
a* she had long J °ver the white, polished shoulders, | tain
and Rita swept out of the room, fol-
ding in
fiayiy dressed people filled the wide ! mind that on this very "nine she streets. 1 here was a subdued mur- would speak to him mur in tlio air—the roll of carriages, intended to do.
the sharp ring of horses' feet, the '(’all to-morrow morning, Philip ' pealing of church bells, and the she said, as Lord Lisle left them hands of music in the squares. j T want to see you particularly in n superbly furnished drawing- j ()°ing home that evening Philip room Mrs. Wyvernc sat or. that May mnde 8omc excellent resolutions, lie morning with Miss Lisle. It was the loved Daisy. How could day after the presentation, and the I ? Dut he would two ladies were discussing the M'omise. For the future he triumph she had won. Every one ' uvoi<l hei agreed that no such debutante been
9 9
ma-
eonlhern
4 4
All the and talk of the
rare
own
Snd-
SULTAN S THRONE ROOM.
The throne-room of the Sultan at Constantinople is a gorgeous sight. The gilding is unequalled, and from the ceiling hangs a superb Venetian chandelier, the 200 lights of which make a gleam like that of a small sun. The throne is a huge seat covered with red velvet, having arme and back of pure gold.
she reads the bright color fades from her face--the white lips part with a low gasping cry—the jewelled hands tremble— weird, wild horror comes into the
Rita's face “1 told
you so, my
Mrs. Wyvcrne'H comment your father had lived to da\
dear," was
you be
Til
see
lie would have been proud
it
Sufferers From Itching Piles
Who Found Quick Relief and Lasting Cure In the Use of
Dr. Chase's Ointment.
the
Mild
Rita held vitntion
Lisle entered the at the quantity of notes Lady Carlyon !' ewer to some remark of Mrs
Wherever . else
in her
verne
go, or whatever
It Is pos-
p »
.Sh
/


.1-
###PAGE###7###
NO LOT GUESTS ALLOWED
f__________________....___________»--------
choked by smoke, with the children's money In bis pockets.
Angel music, 1st It sweetly fall.
Staffing, bringing peace and Joy to s!L
He reached the vestry room. The alf was better. He could breathe more freely. A few steps more and be would be safe-safe with the children’s mon»
butter, 8 tablespoons sour milk, 1 teaspoon soda, 1# cups flour, 1 tear-spoon each ginger, cinnamon and
cloves.
NOTES AND COMMENTS
•••t|e«eae|e|i«s0eCe|
% FOR ™ HOME «;
UORTY’S • CELEBRATION
S
n
A NIGHT SPENT IN THE BANK
OP ENGLAND.
o
tm descriptions recently published ope of the organization and purp'HKW of a great Pan-Islamlc Lear are of considerable interest
known that the Sultan ol
t
In
WOMEN OF FIFTY
t
r
An Elaborate Dinner Served to Officers of the Guard.
Again tamo the cry from behind the	morejha^^wggoetl ^
curtain of flames, Bare the children » very bought of dining luxuriously
.	, offering!"	in the heart of the greatest city In
Shorty McGovern was what is A toggle was going on In the soul the W0lid, with the songs of birds
known In certain circle# a* "a second ot ghorty. Something, he knew not ^nd the plashing of a fountain fall-
story man." His friends respected him what, surged In his breast.	ing seductively on the ear, in an at-
for him undeniable ability for getting The aged rector stood In the aisle a# moephero fragrant wjth ^e ('dor o
™=: % =##= =##=
™ 3-3a s : ssz
but not often. After a particularly Would they be in time to save the tljncd; and when it came in my way good piece of work, when his finances offering that bad meant so much per- ,afjt summer it is scarcely necessary would permit, Shorty gave himself up g0nal sacrifice for the children? Then to „ay that I seized it with avidity, to a period of dull respectability, a suddenly something black crashed Hh.vh a writer in London Tit-Btta.
sss :, i ss
SSS55
his favorite author, and he loved eto- j sparks which followed his fall, ow ; the spectacle of them as they tramp rles of children.	' the disreputable Shorty who looked up citywards along the Embankment
Shorty was fond of children and into the rector’s face.	every evening or disappear within
never disturbed them more than was “Unbutton me coat!" he gasped. tl,e %&nk’s portals, is more or Jess necessary when engaged In his bust- The rector obeyed and with an ex- familiar. But bow they spend the
npRH	elumotion of surprise caught the silver long night hours of wakefulness in a
forced to sally forth and again become speak.	to penetrate Into
the hunter and the hunted, usually the "Quick!" ordered i horty. T ere	SOME OF THE SECRETS.
—: EHHEHb
jssTsrs isar: % « -r„« ***«,
day's stroll would disclose the oppor- Ing rector. Ihe latte r no ‘ •	nef thtttf when I explained my errand
tunlty, and then night and a few nee- "You must come wLb rue. m	to an imposing porter, I was admitr
essary implements of trade enabled you are badly burned, he murmurea , tgd and piaced under the guidance of blip to do the rest.	confusedly.	another official, while the door was
THOROUGHLY CHINESE.	As be walked briskly up the avenue Shorty shook his head and started closed behind me and for a few hours
--	this winter afternoon nothing in Shor- for the door.	f 1 was shut out of the himUmr world
ass mp mm wmm
cities in the world, and until the seemed suddenly afflicted with a se- burns dro\	’ | might well have Men the courtyard
port of Iîong Kong was opened, it vere cold In his head, which necessi- | wher* he told a plausible Uh t - 0f some Italian palace, was the export city of the empire. (Q|ed the use of n large handkerchief. ( overturned lamp and wa P l * I it seemed impossible to realize Its old walls and fortifications with jjetween policemen Shorty's head sud properly bandaged. Walking down lhût this beautiful and secluded rc-their old guns are all now obsolete geemed to be In o perfectly normal street, he met a friend In the same line treat, shaded by the vivid green of and entirely neglected, remaining on- con€«ltion	*	of business as himself. The obvious wide-spreading trees, bright with
ly as monuments of departed ages. Turn I mr ud n side street he slacken- Impossibility of doing any rémunéra- gaily-colored flowers, and vocal with
ssss £E~
is	STSsSSS
that is more so. There it exists to- unguarded by the usual Iron frame; acknowledgment by the rector o me IJut there was no time to linger ir. day with its narrow streets, its old there a balcony gave promise of slid- j bravery of an unknown man * 1 this beautiful and unexpected oasis, temples, its wealth its extreme pov- tef frora paflRfng eyes while the win- risk of his own life had saved the and ,n a moment I was ushered b> ci ty and its peculiarly constructed dow wag being forced.	children's offering, amounting to near- an urbane waiter, in an immaculate
buildings; and when one considers the At tiie corner Shorty passed n church, ly $3()0. The rector expressed his de- evening suit, into the presence of m> habits and achievements of its peo- .	, d(>gicll. on the church, but sire to meet personally the brave fel- friend and host. Lieutenant -—, who
plo and their achievements in the	/.... orffnn and the BOimd low If the latter would communicate, rose from the recesses of a luxurious
üüf
stealing, pealing, let thorn tell hi* birth. dress. Then the week and the * fortable, though monotonous conih-Angei music, let it iweetiy fall,	came to an end simultaneously, an<1 tions.
Singing, bringing peace and joy to all.	Shorty was forced to take another	THE SOFT CARPET,
The extra power thrown Into the j walk up town with a view to studying vjclding to tho feet, the handsome words ’‘Joy to all” recalled to Shorty j balconies and unbarred windows, the fact that Sunday schools frequently gave celebrations for their faithful scholars. Exactly! These children were having n Christmas tree at the church after exhausting the holiday season at
in middle life, and from
Women in miaaio me, »»u " there onward, should take more and care of their personal appear-As the eyes and complexion fade and the hair grows dull all the cunning secrets of the toilet become
Recipes for the Kltchea. f hygiene end Other Notes 1 1er the housekeeper, %
It
By Frederick White Copyright, 1901, by Frederick White
gue
4
1» well
Turkey ha» been for some years worried ever events In the Mussulman countries, particularly those of Af-Tlio conquest of the Soudan
D
more
ance.
ey.
»

Happiness may depend upon the shade chosen for a dinner dress or the set of a hat upon the tresses that are just tinged with gray. The woman of 40 needs all the help she can get from dress, and the woman of 60 needs it still more. When age comes at last—if age ever does come to the modern woman—the dress problem has become | ¦ Richness and elegance of material, plainness of cut and making, those rules all old women should fol-If lack of money stands in the way there it still plainness and neatness to he sure of, and the materials of a well-made dross, after all, do not count so much.
SOME SPRING SOUPS
rie»
by the British and the preparations going on at Khartoum to make of that place a great centre of Mohammedan education have greatly disturbed him, for if unhindered il means tlio ultimate loss of his theocratic power. It was natural, therefore, that he or those interested in maintaining it should cast about for somJ means of counteraction old ways having proved futile, the modern fashion has been adopted, and the Pan-Islamic League Is the
Vegetable Soup—2 turnips, 2 potatoes, a small head of cabbage sliced fine, 2 small carrots and 1 onion. Place these in a kettle with a small piece of salt pork, and cover## water. Cook two hours over a brisk Are, always adding water am it evaporates. About 15 minutes before serving, add 1 cup canned tomatoes, with a small pinch of soda to neutralize the acid. Thicken slightly with flour and milk. Season to taste and serve hot.
Asparagus Soup.—Boil a Wef bone for several hours in 2 quarts water.
Add to this
with
easy
are
The
low
,ke a good stock 1 qt tender asparagus sprouts, carefully washed and cut into small bits. Salt to suit taste. Before taking from the fire stir 1 heaping tablespoon flour with a litt,e milk until mixed, and stir this into 1 cup milk
adding the whole to the Remove from the stove
to
Mil
outcome. The reason assigned for bringing the new league into existence Is that the Khedive of Egypt, Abbas, has turned his court Into a centre of intrigue against the Sultan, with the object of ousting him from the Khalifat© or headship of the Mohammedan religion. This, at one bound, would remove the centre of gravity of the world of Islam from Constantinople to Cairo, and give to the power holding Khartoum and occupying Cairo its practical control. To awaken Mohammedans to the danger threatening, should the alleged Intrigues of the Khedive Abbas be crowned by success, the Pan-Islnmlc League has drawn up a politico-religious manifesto, in which he is described as the most dangerous enemy of the Faith. This document has been sent out to all the committees of tho Pan-Islamlc Union throughout the world, and when their adhesion has been signified, copies of It will be laid before the Sultan and the European Governments
necessity for deposing the Khedive as a means to prevent danger to the peace of the world.
BOILING A FISH
The simple matter of boiling a fish properly seems to bo beyond the Intelligence or the practice at least of the average cook, yet the dilTer-between any way and the right
or cream, soup stock
as soon as it comes to a boil pepper just before serving.
Spring Chicken Soup—Pluck and draw a young chicken, and after washing thoroughly plunge in cold water, letting It remain over night. The following forenoon cut the chicken in small pieces and place in a kettle over the fire, covering well with Simmer for an hour, adding ¦¦¦¦	When
pour in sufficient boiling water to make the deslr-I	¦	While it Is
ence
way amounts to the difference between a palatable, appetizing dish.
which is flavorless, if not
Add
and f
positively repugnant. To evory two quarts of water allow a teaspoonful of salt and a tablespoonful of vine-Let the water be thoroughly warm, but not boiling, when the fish is carefully put in, unless a fish soup is contemplated, when it should be
sbhhbhhhhhbi
water should be brought quickly to the boiling point, after receiving the fish, and almost immediately drawn to the side of the range to simmer until done, an allowance of ten minutes to each pound being sufficient time after the simmering has begun.
gar
about 1 tablespoon salt meat becomes tender I
The
to extract the flavor
peri
ed quantity of soup boiling briskly, add 1 cup rice, thoroughly washed. A lump of butter Improves tho soup, and pepper may be added before removing from tho As soon as the rice is thor-
stove
oughly done, tho soup is ready to serve, unless ono wishes it a little thicker, when a tittle flour beaten up in water will accomplish tho desired result. This is an excellent soup for convalescents.
Gre?n Pea Soup.—This comes later in the spring and is excellent. Take about 1 qt green peas, and if you have them, several small new pota-Cook in water to cover until
The object is to show the
toes
soft, adding a lump of butter a little larger than a walnut, and 1 teaspoon salt put 1 qt sweet and heat tho whole to the boiling point. Thicken slightly with flour stirred .into cold milk, and season with pepper. Soups may bo made in n similar manner from other young vegetables when they first make their
early
Before time to serve, milk in the kettle
All this is quite in line with statements that have been published during Lie past six months of unusual activity among the Mussulmans of India and Afghanistan, and of tho attention which the Mussulman press in the former country has been giving to events connected with Mohammedan countries. Emissaries and missions have been reported us passing between Constantinople and the Mussulman communities in all parts of Asia, some of them, even from India, bringing money to assist in defraying the cost of the railway under construction between Damascus and Mecca. This undertaking, which is both religious and military in i s design, Is well under way, about one hundred and twenty-eight miles of it south from Damascus having been already made. The object of this railway is primarily to keep the pilgrimage route to Mecca open, ns on his ability to do that depends the Sultan's legal tenure of tho Khalifat©. When the line has reached Mecca, and the railways in Asia Minor are completed and linked with the Damascus-Mecca line, pilgrims from all parts of Asia will be able to reach the shrine of the prophet without being obliged to pass by sea to Jeddah, where they arc liable to be harassed by the quarantine regulations, imposed chiefly at the instance of the British Government for the protection of its Indian subjects making the hndj. Incidentally, an army could be brought down from Asia Minor to the neighborhood of the Suez Canal without running the risk of being stopped by the British Mediterranean squadron on Its way. With the Turkish soldier as a railway builder, and the newly developed capacity of tho ulemas as political leaguers, a situation is being created in that part of the world which will be nothing less than a military and political revolution. For this reason the action of the Pan-Islamic League and its workings will be well worth watching.
appearance in the spring or summer.
Tomato Soup—This may be made with new or canned tomatoes. If canned. 1 qt is sufficient, and if fresh use three or four good-sized ones. A little beef stock is desirable but any fresh meat stock will do. Beat about 2 qts this stock on the stove, and add to it the tomatoes
When all are
with a pinch of soda boiling, chop up a head of celery end drop into tho kettle with a small lump of butter, and shake in a llt-
An onion finely chopped
Thicken
common ¦
present state of the country needs but to be seen to be condemned. No stranger is respected or safe from insult within its limits, unless lie has official or military bearing, or is in tho care of a trusty guide, one of their own countrymen armed with plenary license and power.
tie pepper
be added if desired
may	, n
with broken cracker crumbs or flour, and serve hot.
A quick soup may be made from
Mince and
j and costly furniture, and the three inviting, capacious casy-chairs all evidences of the rare with which the “Old Lady" studies the comfort of her guests and protectors; and tho adjacent cosy bedroom showed that the night's vigil need not be altogether a wakeful one.
The picture reached its acme of attractiveness when the table was spread with its snowy clotti and its glitter of glass and plate, and the more material part of the evening's enjoyment began the meal the hospitable "Old Lady" provided for her guests it is perhaps scarcely becoming to say much. Let it suffice that, from the soup to the dessert, it was faultless in quality, cooking and serving.
Tho dinner in all its details is supplied by the bank, comes from its cellars, contain other treasures than bullion. But, perfect as the dinner was, the real enjoyment of the evening came with the coffee and cigars and the three arm-chairs; for my friend the lieutenant had exercised his privilege to the full and had invited two
These guests, it is in ter es t-
nn
any cold boiled meat place over the stove after covering with boiling water. Add salt, pepper, a small lump butter. 1 cup bread crumbs and i cup sweet milk
wore
GOAT’S MILK
HUSHING T11E MATTER
' An Arizona Man Says It Will Cura
Consumption.
Somo years ago while a certain regiment was quartered near Glasgow, they had among them an expert gymnast, who taught his brother subalterns how «to walk across the barrack-room on their hands.
While thus engaged one evening tho door opened and the colonel, a stern disciplinarian, entered the room, gazed attentively at the inverted company, shook his head gravely, and, to the surprise of the hilarious soldiers, departed without uttering a
word.	ner waB a	,
Extra parade duty next morning work of only a second to smash the
was the least punishment expected glass nod turn In the alarm.
for this breach of discipline. Some As be ran from the box the children,
days passed, however, and, no no- pale faced and frightened, were pour-
lice being taken, it was thought and jng through the doors, and above their
decided upon that an apology and heads far back In the church he could
explanation should bo offered by gee gnviy decorated tree blazing in
the prime instigator of >hese unsol- cloud 0j, Bmokei He saw that the
dicr-like movements.	_ „iri youngsters were being well bandied by
SHSrS z •“«	=:=
ing. "Hush, my dear fellow. I would nature asserted itself, not let anybody know for the world! To Shorty and bis Ilk a fire nl\\a\«
The fact is, my boy, I had been din- means loot. The habit of years was ing out with an old brother-officer strong upon him. Back to the vestry who had served with mo in India, he ran and crept through the narrow and, upon my word, I had no idea corridor and the baize door. Through the wine could havo had such an ef- an orchway he looked Into the smoke feet upbn me; but when 1 glanced in	church. There was no one In
to see if you were all right in your §j ht The burning tree and the smoke quarters, I could have sworn that 6(Teencd him from view. He glanced
well, their feelings may bo imagined, a table near the reading desk, and
¦¦ ¦¦	sparks from the burning tree were fall-
ing npon It.
He rushed forward, snatched It and began to cram the envelopes containing the money Into his overcoat pockets.
He must get away before the firemen arrived pn the scene. The silver plate he would button under Lis overcoat.
He worked feverishly, for already the
I	M	choir stalls were smoldering. He bed
spent in cars and offices and rooms tbc money nt last oud, ripping open the in earning a livelihood, and since	wos obout to conceal the plate
.... a. iss s. a,,-
whenever possible, in order that we save It?
may restore the balance. Tho best Shorty crouched low and began to time to do this will be in tho morn- work Ids way to the baize door. The ing, when the air is freshest, and late emokp was stifling. His bend throb-at night, when deep hreatInner will ‘ ^ am| he found himself repenting help us to got sleep. Wo may breathe mechanically: ‘The children's money! correctly while	1 " The rl
street, and especially wl.ero t	^ ^ rang with the mihtiv uf an vou mftko it?
such occasions.	1
home.
Suddenly he had a desire to see the
real thing If they would let him In.
The main door opened around the ave- milk ho can cure consumption, Bob-
the murmur of voices, then a strange Wjth a few hundred dollars crackling sound and the cry “Fire!”	bought a	small ranch	in the moun-
SLorty was trained to act quickly	tains and	stocked it	with Arizona
whatever the emergency. On tho cor-	goats. On	a constant	diet of goats'
red firebox, and It was the	milk ho	gradually	regained his
health, and in two years nearly doubled his weight Williams
cure entirely!	H	I
gives credit also to a certain amount of daily exercise in mountain climbing and herding. Ho has treated a dozen other sufferers, all of whom have apparently been cured by close application to a diet of goats' milk and daily exercise.
Ho thinks that any ordinary case of consumption can bo cured by his treatment, in case the disease has
too strong a foot-
SCHOOL LUNCHEONS
Under the belief that with goat's
In the attempt to provide a variety
luncheon box while
for the school eggs are high, I have discovered that tho fairy gingerbread rule seasoned with different spices, rolled thin, makes a good wafe-like cookie writes a correspondent. The rule is as fol-
Of tho details of
and
he
lows:
One-half cup of butter, one cup of light brown sugar, one-half cup of milk, one and seven-eighths cups of bread flour, two level teaspoons of ginger. Cream the butter, add sugar gradually and milk very slowly. Mix and sift the flour and ginger and
combine the mixtures. ¦ _ thinly with a broad, long-bladod knife on a buttered, inverted drip-
Bnke in a moderate oven.
and the win® which thus
his
does not attribute to goats' milk,
but
Spread very
an
ping pan
Cut in squares, before removing from n|pi. Watch carefully and turn frequently during baking, that
If the
the pan
u es t s
ing, perhaps, to add, must be of the baser sex, for the “Old Lady" will not under any pressure or temptation, brook within her domains lightful feelings that always follow, or ought to follow, an excellent din-and with the combined pleasures
pan
all may bo evenly cooked mixture round the edge of the pan is cooked before the centre, pan.should he taken from the oven, cooked part cut off and remainder returned to tho to finish cooking.
any feminine rivalry
With the <1o-
not obtained	I II ¦
hold. Ho insists on an absolute diet of goats’ milk, and allows no meat,
a moderate use of
Fill an old candy box with chocolate fudge wrapped in waxed paper and it will be a treat. Homemade peanut candy, oysterettes with peeled orange, are better than cake and
How . nos Told of hi» Reed». I A grout variety can be made In
keeping him on n chain most of tho dme, although 1 confess deep admira-
dog smaller than himself, but nme ,ftSSe8 by using it in the gingerbread, seen him whip canines apparent y Threo eggs, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup large enough to eat him. When on the bl|tter or )ttrd, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup chain, Ben had ways of his own of no- moiaS8es, 1 teaspoon soda and 2 of tifying us of bis wants. A steady sue- cream of. tartar. 1 tablespoon ginger
mmm wmm
each bark, accompanied with	tpster In making all kinds of cakes,
•whining. Indicated thirst Loud, steady Thig makes a good-sized loaf, suffl-barklng Informed ua.tbat some one was cjent for R family of eight, coming, and spasmodic, choking bar • Qne without sugar—Six cups flour, Ing was bis way of letting us know a g cups notasses, 1 cup cream, 1 cup Bog was near and that he was anxious ,ard or butter, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon to mix with him. At home we are all *0da, 2 teaspoons ginger, 1
EtEE -F-
but advises vegetables.
His treatment provides for a pint of milk with bread, morning and night, with a half pint nt intervals of two hours during the day, and he avers that a dislike for milk into a craving for it,
ner,
of entertaining conversation and exceptionally good cigars, the hours passed all too swiftly, and the limit of permissible hospitality was reached far too soon.
So with a cheery and grateful "Good-night signed ourselves into tho hands of the official who was to "see us safely off tho premises"; and we were ushered out into the now strangely silent
the neighboring clod
And so
soon
par-
grows ¦ ¦ ¦	m m
ticularly after the patient has begun the daily exercise required.
Williams wants the United States Government to take up the matter. Ho has compiled statistics to monstrato that the Government could establish in the mountains of
Arizona a series
to our host we ro-
\
THROUGH YOUR NOSE
de-
nll kinds of atmosphere the breath should be inhaled through the An occasional breath of extra
streets us
chimed the hour of eleven home and to bed, after an experience at once novel and delightful.
In
GINGERBREAD
of
northeastern m m u ¦ I ¦ sanitariums, where more than 10,000 patients could bo accommodated and treated nt no expense, the profits from tho goats in wool, hides and meat being more than sufficient to pay for the care of the patients.
nose
pure air through the mouth may be good; but in cars and most offices and rooms nose breathing is essential, says Chambers’ # Journal. A second rule is, since so much time is
GRAINS OF GOLD.
Punishment is lame, but it cones. —Herbert.
Rank and riches are chains of gold, but still chains.—Ruflkni.
When passion is on the throne reals out of doors.—M. Henry.
Magnificent promises are always to be suspected.—Theodore Parker.
There is nothing wore imprudent than excessive prudence.—Colton.
Stillness of person and steadiness of features are signal marks of good breeding.—O. W. Holmes.
He that blows the coals fn quarrel.* he has nothing to do» w!;V hax no Ight to complain if the ’«par*# fiy in his face — Franklin
long ago as 1002 the first British railway was laid down. It
Newcastle, and the rails
Horses drew
lation
So
son
Can no on©
. '
were made of wood the cars.
Newcd—"Will you have a of this angel-cake, my dear?"
Mrs
¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦
Ncwed (cautiously) — "Well
know I don’t care for cake. Did
Mrs. Ncwed—"No;
Newcd—

•Iren * money
YOU
tea
• t





###PAGE###8###

"¦ v •:

wmi





Your Horse needs a Shoe.



E. HODCIHS & SOU’S A DVT.
feel confident of setting satisfaction.

HOLD UP

New Straw Goods.
you
Wh
en you require
a pair of
a minute and read thla, If your olothee tx-glnolng to approach a condition of innocuous desuetude, which
It necessary to discard them. We jour patronage-not for one time on!)
ytu.Jo, See them before bu mg.
nre
BOOTS and SHOES
will make
want
why not come here for them ? We make
of the Boot and Shoe business, and feel
we can give you better satisfaction than anywhere else.
Gi\e us a trial and judge by the results.
but
permanently. If we can get the former we are certain to
a special study
confident that
you can get
secure the lut-tef*	°ur stock Je eo large we
" iJI ll6Vt the kind you want. By selling Mf many Suita it enables us to sell so ( heap. Our fit and workmanship are nil
right.
y-
New Dress ll/|uslins.
A. R. McGUIRE,

°ur n®w Muslins are real beau-
The Tailor.
>
The Boot & Shoe Man,
The Barondale Veterinary Medicines.
Opening 5tf| May. Embroideries.

m
4
V
A

stock of Embroideries iH
the largest and best ever displayed in Shawville and we invite special attention to
these goods.
A Real Bargain in Little Boys’ Clothes.
^eks^ C0S^ ^or ^0 next two
Before Using
After Using

iS ,he lime 10 Purci,ase a of ihe Barondale Condition Powders
P
J. F. Cro-au's, Ladysmith.
Si.'as Ttu-gs, Sterns Cornar*.
n‘e St0re' Shewvil!e :	W. H. luce,', Caldwril.
the exclusive dry goods
STORE
Opposite Pontiac House.
COME AND SEE US.
0 Meara Bros’, Bryson ; Wm. Moore's, Otter lake T. & D. Mousseau's, Campbe!!s Bay ;
J. E. Cahill's, Calumet Island ;
News of the War
North Onslow Jottings
T. W. Wilson & Go.
A cable has been received by Lord 111nt° announcing the death from entric fever of Trooper VVm, J, Les'i», rf Kin-	'in
'lent °f Ottawa and belonged to the 0. 3 ' -Hi I I (LF' (r'	Mi ,J. \ o jT^ /ias been laid up with
The same cab.e announces ihit Trooper a ^buncle on the neck which has been
Earnest Atkinson, wrh the SAC '^0* painful.
ssssirssr- *•c ^ ASa».^
Mi»s Maggie Sullivan, of Dunrobin
###:#####
n... ,,, is gay
S'iSïï SZZ&I,	_
i* Ste»
“	M - »" ¦>•»»i^r^,»-n.**I
*¦	¦«-s» RSÎiÆa'i	notice.
»|k	« £ I KpSS HS j !#%%%%
E. HODGINS & SON,
Terms
Cash or Trade.
P. S. CHOICE FAMILY GROCERIES.
Selling Out I
Hope Held out for Early Peace
»	——
THE BOER DELEGATES
POSALS TO THE BVBOBER8
TO SUBMIT PRO
NOTICE.
HÊS
L


Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Go !
We Mean Business !
mm
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
Time Card.
O. N. & w. RAILWAY.
Train No. 1 leaves Ottawa, Ont., 4.45, P. JM.
arrivesGracefleld, Q. 8.2V, P.M. . ra.n No. 2 leavesG race fi eld, Q., &20, A.M
arrives Ottawa, Ont., 0.45, A.M
Pasture for Cattle.
ARMSTRONG BROS
¦5
LADYSMITH.

apply
Here’s a Pointer
In Manchuria
HONG KEE,
CHINESE LAUNOIJY.
SERIOUS FIGHTING
AND CHINESE
Robbers

on
„	WHYTE.
¦w.*ÏCL‘ “• w‘“'
repairing bring it to . . .
that needs
t
WHYTE.
A Vaesar Graduate
as. Boss Filled Case.
Whyte The Watchmaker,
Opposite Pontiac House, Sljawville.

I

/



—«W «
1 à
