###PAGE###1###
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, DEC 19, 1901.
No. 26. —19tii. Year.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
PERSONAL
A Christmas Present
GIRL WANTED to do general housework. Apply at Tub Equity Office.
10 Cabinets at regular dozen rate now
II. Imiku.v, Photographer.
Christmas Goons.—A nice assortment of Fancy Goods—all kinds—suitable for Xmas presents. Don't miss examining this display.	W. T. Earl.
Coupon and Local Tickets to all parts of the world. All information cheerfully given. J. R. Tierney. Railway and Ticket Agent, Amprlor, Ont.
You can save from 20 to 30 per cent, on Overcoats for Men or Boys at Reid tiros', Tenth year sale, The Arcade Store, Arnprior, Out.
A choice lot of new confectionery at the Palace Grocery, comprising candies of every description. We can supply you with any thing you want in this line.
W. T. Eapl.
Mis Campbell, of Renfrew, is visiting her sister, Mrs. A II. Boi.
Mr. James McMillan, of Litchfield, was in town Friday last,
Mr, James (,'uthbertson wife and chi d leave this week fur California where they will remain till next spring.
Mr. John Fumer ton, of Fort Coulongo, was in town on Thursday last and favored The Equity with a call.
Dr. Stackhouse, dentist, who has been practicing in the county since May last, left hear on Friday last. The Dr. purses going to the Dominions of Uncle
Head Office: .. .. Capital ntibw. rU*‘<l Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
..........#1,994,900
.......... 1.993,940
..........1.000.466,
OP CANADA.
till X mm<
iwt
Board of Directors
Great Clearing Sale
Charles Magee, Esq. , President Georob Ray, esq.,Vice-President
Ho*. O*o. Hereon, Jr.	John Mathru, Kbq.
Alex. Frase», Rwj, David Mac Lark*, Eaq.
Dknnis Mi ri my, Ehq
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
- $6,000,000
Head Office, - Montreal.
oiororrurn
D. M. FINNIC
General Manager .. .. Manager

Branches :
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln,
Kemptfille,
MatUwa,
Ottawa,
3 SPECIAL LINES.
Sam, to practice hie profession, and has!.	- |e iniil I i
the11 st - Ladies Cloth Jackets :
8HAWTILLE BRANCH,
Lanark,
Tarry Hound, Pembroke,
Rat Portage, Winchester, do Bar.kSt. Renfrew do Rideau St. Toronto, Yankleek Hill, Smith's Polls
IN MANITOBA :
Alexandria,
Arnprior,
Avonraore,
Bracebrtdge,
Carle ton

Money loaned on approved eeeurlty at reasonable rate*.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
do
Place,
Hawkeabury,
We still have a nice assortment—all new goods—but the season is well advanced now, and we must have none left over. Note prices
JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS
The Dehoming Question.
Mr. Editor,
In last issue I read an article re dehorning cattle. This article refera to another written a few week* ago I presume (by Mr. Alex Kilgour. ) The latter article would blame the former for mentioning • necessity for improvement and not giving the plan for correction. Mr. Kilgour is not a practical man dehorning cattle and could not suggest any certain safe remedy, lie would not speak at random. Difference in cattle, the temperature of the atmosphere and certain other circumstances cause some cattle to bleed more than others when dehorned. The case first referred to was, doubtless, an extreme one but the facte related, true, nevertheless. It was referred, to I believe, not to put a check on dehorning but to bring before the public if possible some remedy for such cases.
Allow me to suggest some ways of stopping the bleeding ¦	¦¦
Catch and hold the
SAVINGS BANK.
Aoeoun/s opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Orvics Hours .
Saturdays . .
Winnipeg
Dauphin
Fortage La Prairie
IN QUEBEC;
,	Hall,
Rhawintgan Fall#
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago-Mank of Montreal.	_ _
Agents in 8t Paul-Men bants Nat Bank. Agents in London, Bag.-Pan’s Bank Ltd,
Car-load Fruit Just In.
Applet Is large variety from 12 to $6 per barrel ; Oranges, Crapes, Cranberries, Fig# and Detea. FlgiatSots. a pound.	.
W. T. [Alt - - - PALACE CROCEftY
Lâchât».
Montreal
10 A.M.T0 3 P.M
10 AJ. To 1 P.M
$3.50 REDUCED TO 3.75 REDUCED TO
5.00	REDUCED TO
6.00	REDUCED TO 7.50 REDUCED TO
10.00 REDUCED TO
$2.25
T. A. PARKER,
Manager
2.80
3.75
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
YARM NOTES.
Dee. ltith. —We are all doing well just
4.75
6.00
Smallpox broke out in Pembroke Convent last week, and the institution has to be quarantined.
See the great disp'ay of Fancy Goode ,at W. T. Earl's—a great variety of pretty things for Xmas presents.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT.—Mr#. R. D.Fimi*
gan requests us to acknowledge with gratitude the gift to her a few evenings ago, by some unknown person, of a nice box of raisins which were left by messenger at her house. Attached to the parcel was a card bearing the quotation :
“Glory to God on high, on earth peace to men of good will.'
Offer To Settlers.—The department of Lauds, Mines and Fisheries of this provinces has given notice that settlers who are indebted to the department will be given a reduction on arrears of interest d back rent due of sixty six per cent to all those who take advantage of this offer, and pay such arrears with the balance of the purchase price of their lands by the 25th of June, 1902. Those desiring to benefit by this offer should make applicition to the Crown Land Agent.
We learned with much regret on Thursday last of the death on that day of Mr. John Murtagh, of Campbell's Bay. Mr. M contracted lung disease about two years ago as the result of la grippe, and has been gradually declining in health, since then, although he did all that was possible to ward off the disease. Thi deceased was previous to coutracting the malady, a stong, vigorous man, whom no one who knew him, would dream of being thus cut down in the prime of life.
Bryson has a new lawyer in the person of Mr. Bicotte, who hails from Montreal, and is s ion of the Clerk of the Peace for that district.
Remmeber the Palace Grocery is the place to buy your apples and all kinds of fruits. The biggest and best stock ever shown in Shaw ville. *
now
7.75
It ie raining all day today (Saturday). Our snow is almost gone, yet, in the sidelines it is very deep, but the fir Ids are bare.
The saw mill is not running today, and thus everything seems quieter than usual. It is nice to hear it on a cold day when everyone feels sore with the cold.
Mr W. Sayer, baker, of Coulonge, spent this afternoon visiting acqua nt-ances here.
Miss Marcella Hodgins is gone to Cou-louge to spend a few days with her cousin, Mrs. W. Sayer.
Miss Florence McJanet is expected home tonight from Maehara, where she has been teaching. Welcome home, Flo , most of our boys are either going er gone to the shanties* pretty soon. But cheer up girls, spring will come again.
We are glad to say that Mrs. Thomas Palmer who hai been down with quinsy, is able to be about again.
Mrs H. McCleary has had an attack of rheumatism during the last few weeks.
Mr. Thomas Hodgins and Mr. W. C. Hodgins, Sr., traded horses a few days
Mr. Matthew Smith is able to be about again.
Mrs J. H. Murray who has been visiting under the paternal roof, returned to her home at Smiths Mill, Litchfield,
Rev. Dr. Tucker conducted the services in the school-house, Wednesday evening.
Fly.
2nd - Ready-to-Wear Clotiyng :
-MEN’S, BOYS’, CHILDREN’S— —SUITS, OVERCOATS, P-JACKETS-
P' All reduced down to Cost Price.
The quality and voriety of our stock is well-known.
We offer the lot at prices which mean a loss to us but a decined gain to the buyer.
OUT THEY GO!
This is a chance to buy good Clothing ot prices you won’t meet with again. Don’t miss it.
Auctioneer J. J. Turner will sell out the millinery stock] of Mrs. McWilliams Thursday afternoon of this week, commencing at 2 o’lock.
Mr. Adam Hodgins has taken charge of the skating rink, and is putting ' thoroughly safe condition. W permitting he expects to have it running
on Christmas day.
A saving now of $5.00 to $10.00 in every Fur Coat for ladies and men and special discount off all other Furs at Be id Bros. Tenth year sale, The Arcade Store, Arn-prior, Ont.
A case of diphtheria was reported in town on Monday morning at Mrs. Thomas Telford’s. The house was at once placarded and quarantined.
At Reid Bros —The Arcade Store, Arnprior, Ont., you will receive from 10 to 60 per cent, discount off every dollar’s worth of goods you buy, up to the New Year, and your choice of the largest assorted stock in the Ottawa Valley.
on
¦IPIPIP artery with a pair of small tweezers while you tie a small cord around artery ; bum or singe end of artery with red iron, use any styptic as, Egyptian Liniment, Turpentine, Tincture of Iron, or sulphuric acid.
I am not a practician in the buisness, but believe it should be done and done carefully and would say to the farmers at Yarm, bespeak your turn with Mr.
it in a ea' her
an
R. W. Hodgins
Word comes from Monte Carlo that a Mrs de Bromley Richard, an English woman, has set a new fashion in boas by appearing in public with a live black and white ouistiti on her shoulder wi« h its tail wrapped around her throat—the lady’s throat. The ouistiti is a long bushy Mail, found in the forest, with a small chattering monkey attached to the end
3rd - Oil Tan Moccasins :
All reduced. See them and ask prices, You cannot afford to miss this opportunity to secure bargains.

of it
A thaw, long wished for, occum d on Friday and Saturday, the latter day being especially sloppy, but old Boreas, got hot after it, so to speak, and the rcury rapidly fell after midnight, the cold increasing in intensity until Monday morning when 20 below zero was registered, making a difference of about 70 degrees in 36 hours. The change was accompanied by high winds and a heavy fall of light snow which again blocked up the roads.
Stephen Has It.—Mr. Peaton, Quebec Government inspector of provincial revenue offices, was here last week and made a transfer of the books and documents belonging to Lower Pontiac office, which Mr. R. McC Ritchie resigned some months ago, and placed them in the hands of the new collector, Mr. Stephen Smith, of Bristol While the removal of the office from Bryson to Bristol is generally regarded as a change in which She best interest of the public have not been consulted, it may be remarked also that many Liberals regret that the office has gone out of Mr. Ritchie s hands. He was always courteous an t
those who had business
the whole an If he
J. H. SHAW.
The Wiijht County Council have an interesting problem to solve. At the meeting last Wednesday in Hull Mr. de SsLberry, presented a petition from residents of Mtntwaki, askiLg the county council to assume control of the territory surrendered by the Indians. So far there has been no administration and no taxes. A counter petition warn presented by Mr. Foran tor some of the largest properly owners who do not want any change. After a lengthy discussion a notice was given that at the next meeting of the council in three months, a motion would be introduced to annex Manlwaki to Egan township. It is said neither petrionere would be satisfied with this, and that E*an township does not want Maoiwaki annexed. Mr. de Salaberry eiya the county have no choice, that their duly to take charge is act forth ie article 28 of the municipal code, end a legal action ii threatened.

me
Coming Entertainments.
apple social will be ith Bristol Corners
About 4 o'clock on Saturday morning James Dunlap, son of the widow Jam. Findlay, of Clarendon, died most unexpectedly of heart failure The young man, from what we have heard, went to bed theevoning before in apparent good health, and was stricken by the icy touch of the Destroyer. His remains were interred on Mon ay morning. To the bereft mot «er, sisters, and brothers. The Equity tenders its deepest sympathy.
Hymeneal.—On December 10th the new English Church at Radford was the scene of a most brilliant marriage, the cotnracting parti Miss Amanda Hodgins and Mr. Edward Telford. The c remony was peformed by Yen. Archdeacon Naylor, assisted *y Rev. A. Ireland, Miss Amy Burro ghs, organist at St. Paul’s church, Shawville, rendered the wedding ma ch. The bride was assisted through the trying ordeal by Mis Bella Mee while Mr. Jas. Corti • ably performed the function of groomsman. The bride and bridesmaid looked charming, each dressed in becoming costumes of grey. The church was neatly decorated for the occasion and well filled with an interested aasem blage.
After the ceremony and the usual round of congratulations warn over, the young couple and their friends drove to the bride’s home where about 50 persons sat down to a sumpubous dinner After spending a few pleasant hours, the wedding party drove to Mr. Telford’s home where a large number of friends were waiting to welcome he groom and his huhsequently about one hundred guests sat down to a table well laden with all kinds of delicacies, after which the young people heartily enjoy d themselves in the participation of a variety of games for several hours. The guests at length dispersed, well pleased wi h their day's enjoyment, and all joining in wishing the young people a prosperous and happy life. The bride the recipient of a large number of c stly and useful presents, which bear testimony of the popular place she holds in the estimation of her numerous
friends
P. S,—Christmas Goods now pouring in, and being opened up.
A Xmas tree and held in connection w Sunday School on Monday the 23rd Dec. A good programme is being prepared. Admission, Adults, 15 cts. ; children 10 cents. All wecome. Doors open 6 30.
Presbyterian Sabbath School will hold its Christmas entertainment in the Masonic Hall, on Thursday evening the 19th Inst, beginning at 8 o'clock. All are cordially invited. Admission 15 cents, children 10.
The
The Drug Store
New Year, 1901.—The congregation of St. Paul's Church will hold its Annual Tea Meeting on Wednesday night, January let, 1902, in Elli- tt’e Hall Doors open at 7 o’clock. Chair taken at 8 o’clock. Refreshments will be served, and a good musical programme with addresses will be given. Tiuke s : Adults, 25 cts.; children, 16 cts.
is more fully stocked than ever for
es of which were
The Holiday Trade of 1901.
I. o. F. NOTICE*
Members of Court Shawville are respectfully notified that	„
meeting" will be held on
the 27th instead of 26th.
J. A. BECKETT, C. R.
The annual Entertainment of the Shawville Methodist 8. School will be held on Christmas night at 7 o'clock. One hour'e real enjoyment listening to the children. An old-fashioned Christmas Tree. Everybody Invited to attend. Good roads Good moonlight - Pleasant drive Christmas night—everyone happy and only Ten Cents.
Something New. - Under tho auspices o Peerless Lodge I.OG T. A nightcap and pie social will be held in Peerless Hall on Xmas night.
Ladies are requested to bring a nightcap and pie, attach a bow or piece of r hbon to the night cap and wear a correspondu g piece toenatleth purchaser ^¦the owner
We would like you to call arid inspect our stock of
Christmas Goods.
obliging to
dealings with him, and on efficient and painstaking office erred at all it was on the side of leniency, when a more rigorous course if less popular, would have been more to his personal advantage If the new incumbent succeeds as well i » giving general public satisfaction there should
be no complaints
specuuiiy nuv-
, the December will be held on


Wood Wanted.
Tenders will be received by the under
ALBUMS-
New Covers—small prices. We have » large stock of the newest designs from 25 cents up.
PHOTO FRAMES-
Something you can't afford to miss at the prices we are selling them—10c. to $2.00.
PERFUMES-
We have the very best French and American makers', both bulk and bottled, including some handsome packages for Xmas Presents. Nothing is more appropriate than a nice bottle of perfume.
signed for SOcordrs Hardwood and 5 cords Pine, both three feet long ( furnace wood), delivered at the Methodist church, Shaw-
Prkskntation.—A pleasing and noteworthy event occurred at Smith’s (Methodist) Bristol, on Dec. 3rd, which we regret did not reach the cars o Equity at an earlier date. It was just after prayer meeting on the date mentioned, when Mr A. J. Flynn -the as sitanx of the Rev. Dr. Tucker on the Clarendon ciicuit duri R the present yoir—was presented with a well worded
address by Mr. J Howard, on l>ehelf of the congregation, who also gave a tangi-dence of their appreciation of the labors of the young elergyman among them by h nding him a purse containing the sum of $26-60. Mr. Flynn, who was deeply moved by this kindly manifestation of feeling on the part of his bearers, replied in terms befitting the occasion I Following is a copy of the AddnEi :-j
mm
thwT.h.^%h^dtâKmp'nment. of th.
ville.
The
W. W. IRELAND
XMAS BOOKS—
Poets, handsomely bound in leather. Novels—the latest books—including Winston Churchill's famous books, “The Crisis,” 14 Richard Carvel; Hall Caine's latest work, 44 The Eternal City."
BOOKS FOR YOUNG PEOPLE—
Uncle Tom's Cabin, Swiss Family Robinson, Grimm’s Fairy Tales, Robinson Crusoe. Arabian N ights, Ballantyi Books for Boys, Elsie's Books. Pai Books, Henty’s Books (the 3 latest.)
GAMES-
To furnish amusement for young and old, — Nations, Authors, Checkers, Dominos. Parches! and Crokinole—the popular game—at our popular price $1.
EBONY GOODS-
You have the value, ver and guaranteed, in Hand Mirrors, Hat Brushes, Hair Brushes. Toilet Cases.
XMAS CALENDABS-
Our Calendars are works of art. Our descriptive powers fail to do them justice. We ha** a very large assortment and at prices to suit everyone. Come early and make your selection, as they are going fast at this early date.
CASK PIPES—
We offer some snecial value* in Case Pipes and Smokers’ Sets.
Wood Wanted.
Pie and night cap
to fin
w 11 be received at the door.
Instrumental and vocal music, readings, recitations and dialogues will be rendered during the evening.
hr do
Tenders for 30 cords mixed wood will be received up to Jan. 1st, 1902. The wood to be 22 in. long and delivered at Green Lake Cheese Factory before Mav 1st. Also a few cords of dry pine. The lowest
„r	^ Vol ÏÏ^RoTr
«	Secretary..
to see them to appreciate Mounted with sterling sil-
ble evi
Green Lake Cheese Factory
ORNERAI REPORT, 1901.
Total amount of milk 623,750 lbs.
Total amount of cheese 61,691 lbs.
Tota amount of cash $6,416.23. Amount to make a pound of cheese
10 1 $. . . ,
Average price per pound of cheese
8 4-6.	,	_
Price per cwt. milk (almost) G4 2 3 cts.
Average butter-fat test 3 88 cts. Average price per pound butter fat
1613.	,	' nl
Am unt for making and drawing at Jfc $1386.80.
Amount paid patrons for milk $4033.58. The shareholders have a profit of 40 per cent on their shares.
R W. Hodgins, Thos. E. Armstrong, Auditor	Secretary.
IP 9
r
nay
Public Notice.
BIBLES & HYMN BOOKS
For all Churches. The new edition of English Church Prayer aud Hymns.
was
Provinoe of Quebec,
MpubliicaNoticef Is hc^hy given that a Public meeting of proprietors of real[estate and resident house holders of the Muncl-palitv of Clarendon, will be held in the Town Hall In the Village of Shawville, on Monday the 13th day of Month of January 1902 at the hour of ten in the morning to proceed with the election of those council lore In the room and stead of Wm U McDowell, James Robinson, and John Smiley. Esquires, whose term of office
eX(>iven at Shawville this sixteenth day of the month of December nineteen hundred
led
FANCY GOODS-
Writing Desks, Travelling _ _j Collar Sets, Fancy Out Stands. You have to see them to an predate how hard we have been work fug to serve you this year.
Sets, Cuff Glass Ink
and
One or the Guests
NOTICE
Chang* or Time P P. J Ry
On Wednesday, 18th, the passenger train will leave Ottawa. Ont, at 5 16 instead of 6.30, aud morning train will leave Waltham Que., 7 00 a.m iusfead of 6.00,
arriving at Ottawa at 10.15.
P. W Ressemas,
QenT Sup t.
The Drug1 Store,
Sincerely Von re,
(Herefollow the signatures of *0 persona.)
Howard.
Shawville. Que.
HUGH MATHBSON.
Sec-Treasurer,

L
###PAGE###2###




tlon in the faculty of giving highly colored milk, rich in fats, and expect to procure in the issue an animal having the characteristics of both parents, is nothing short of absurd.
This man expects as the result of his reasoning and labor a cow that will give a tub full of milk and a churn full of butter, After ho has tried his
flood point of a dozen of them emph- , L' }!" arc yc,low  tr.city boomed other trades,
¦I** M- iae
BEBSîpE™ BSS-™ « ‘ feï~=i?e H=-3a=«
not successes Ihe breeder will soon	- l has boon definitely decided whether original it is of moire louialne silk.
"»H£B^|Toronto Traveller
ti,at in lus animals are trends and] part of a farmers equipment. How- claims of the city of London.	white handed with blue	J r A _	#
sss« essssT. 52	% .æ&f Lsc* ^vvvS srured ” c®""" I..2L. %.%%«% %t
fit.ssrarstsrt z%z^g=*fz:c&wass^nn&ssgszsitotJ After Eight 1MM*"•
iüüi mmwmm ###=.=-g#-
Azrsc	'--- Jtatgsgssatekm
tires, the crossing of two distinct1 V 01 to appIy llor9c l>ower to w ork with its cover weighed precisely 80 "Say, old chap, CofTupp and I have M«o\ Cork Manufacturai*, Monirtul. wr.te*:-	____ v *
» 5MTT &Ti P&3&ZÆ.7; ”, S sag.•stis W %» ”.S ;BEEB"E?Erar:i5- ^_ _,
EErHEBE?,-S*H,ISliiSsc IllPtpsSs
;• «•*• ”*"^"rn,,n' »*rr >•......««,*,j —.— sss^yisw«»i$ «wri^wsaejsj--»
p 3% SrSfE'-S IB	SIS iz-2-.«	"““j yZZCL |«ar&r :s vssm
^ei*e—
anan^
Ajid was that all? ’	While in Paris Mr. Jardine intro- is lorn in two or more pieces,
itivery word. 1 met It reefer, the du cud Dodd’s Kidney Pills to Mr. mu,n. I only charge for them as one linn s lawyer, just as i was going Dupuis, the esteemed mid popular ! Piece, mum.”
U--jtndSwh„t did ho say?*’	KT^ ""	'
“lie said,
Sozodont
R
*
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA
£ 'EëE *£! ‘1 say&aa ar«.
«
«N
citoss-mtrcKDiNo.
#
•et h
SWEET ORANGES
A box of sweat Sonora Orange* for $2 5o. Special prices in lots of 5 or more boxes. VVe have _*.	_	— - *5°» 17^» too, ai6 and 250 sizes.
The Dawson Commission Co.. Limited, Toronto
If *n» I (itntooe to sell loosr loti quote loweu j*Hc« ¦ f o.b.	*
25c
HALL & RUCKEL. Montreal

Iron ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS
Stepmother (entering village school witli a whip)—"My hoy tells mo you broke your cano across his back ter day IM
School mas tor
y os-
op
>
» T , (turning pale)-noil, I—I may have struck harder than I intended, but— *
Stepmother—”! thought I'd make a present of this whip. You’ll liml it II last longer and do him uioro good!”
Industrial
you
S0Z0D0NT far the TEETH 25e
i	ure ,n ,:nKland and Scotland
12^,702 premises licensed
drink.
to sell
A Well-Known

areas as
i have
i

Minays Liniment for sale every*
each
Mlnard’s Liniment Cures Dandruff,
Or-
W P. c. 1106
the most POPULAR OINTIPRIOE.
just listen to pupa trying to talk like mamma !”
4 i
O

_ OZODGN r Tooth Powder 26o
Preeervee the teeth. Sweeten# the breath Strengthens the gum*
Brass Band
I
< i
WEAK AHD SEBYOES
POULTRY NOTES.
Allow os much exercise as possible. For fattening fowls cooked food is better than raw Mill;
i
Instrumente, Drum#, Uniforme. Etc.
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Lowes! prices ever quoted.
500 Illustrât line, mailed free.
|was feeling under weather, witli the very happiest suits to that gentleman.
By healing and
Minard's Linimfcnt Relieves Nenralgla
the
llow are you?' and I
in all its forms is a most sui(j» 'IIow ore you?' to him valuable food for poultry.	"Are you sure that was all?”
BjPUIBpiUBi One breed is enough for the farm "Quite sure respite Medical Treatment. He Be-	w^,e Of°y all run together.	to get to	the street, and	I also	was
came Weaker and Weaker, Until	1 owls ,C(luire a certain amount of	in a hurry. During the	day a	few
-lo Could Scarcely Sign His	Conrse.f0o<1 to keep them in a good i	insurance	agents tried to	got at	me,
Name.	condition. Incubator hatched chick-1 but I had	given orders	that 1	was
ens have no vermin and this is quite j not to bo disturbed of Last nu advantage.
'1 Jn* size of the poultry kept should | Uni.*
in a measure determine the size of my brother.”
the poultry house.	! ‘‘Of course, you stopped to chat
With no class of fowls is it advis- j "No, wo didn't chat. Ho said
able to keep food before them all the j ‘Halloa, Frank,' and I said, ‘Halloa.
4,	_	dim/ and that's all there was to it.
A hen that has had a bad case of Honestly,	______.............
i on]» should not be saved,as u breed-j you overestimate tlic importance of
this ‘intellectual contact' idea
MAGISTRATE DAUPHINE S
plorable condition.
ic-
DE-
Flne catalogue Write ai for an y thing in Neale or Umleal Inalremeel*.
» •

own fail
He was in a hurrv

mm MCE ft 00., limited,
Toronto, Ont», and Winnipeg, Man
Dominion Line Steamships
Meetreal to Liverpool Boston to Liver
A man can’t work and bo sociable at the same . As I was coming home I met
Europe a glorious reputation medical linos.
Mi
•lames Dauphine
fîvidgc water, known as
m many
a.s lie is better
ex-Council lor Dauphine, h IS been a sick man for the past Ihree years. TIis health gradually fn sook him. until by degrees |,e was to give up doing all kinds of Work. He consulted u physician and
quantity of medicine.
Du it did him no good and ho grad-
L wy grew weaker and weaker. Ifis During the first six weeks
as a magistrate necessitated of Llie different breeds welch pretty his doing touch writing, and being I1CHr,y tlle same.
• a excellent penman in his clays of ^ *,e ^ood sliould bo increased good health it came very hard to as ^l0 f°wls cannot pick up turn when his hand shook so much car,ier-
**'* could scarcely keep it steady Charcoal is an aid to digestion and rumgh to sign his name. His daugh- shou,d be given ' acting his dejilorable condition fowls 11,1(1 to swi,ie	Mi
I'lvised him to try Dr. Williams’1 ,<aW bnm is n<jt n K°od food foi rink Pills, and after* a bit of coax- Chickens because it Ing lie was induced to try them. |
10 was no noticeable change "
¦ | condition until lie had started JbtAJug the third box. From on the improvement was rapid H -w stronger every day. his oppe- .	_ ,	.
I/o increased, Uie weariness and las- bont*1 m » clean narrow trough o,
situde departed from his limbs °»ft	, n, .	tlu*.V vaut see anything—otners like
of the lustre of his voutli ri> , ,ox “,e plenty of ground oyster to dawdle along and enjoy the view.”
ueii to his eye. and bv U.u time ±1^	,0r lbe ,a>"
^misss
. , . h„t , oi ,J)UUp iinv 18 ,el y?ars of foo(l ,,n a nay easily digested, l	|
#g. but iccls us young and vigorous The laying of unusually large eggs I N. S.
S - ho did 3 cars ago, and is ever denotes thatjhe hens are in
r ady to praise in the warmest fat condition.
i. r,iw n-C	nuallties of Do not keep too many fowls to-I N. D
P' wiilia ms Pink Pills.	gether; small
' Dr- Williams’ Pink Pills arc tho will give better results
friend of the weak and ailing. They The roosts should be low espo-
eurpaas all other medicines In their dally for the largo heavy hen» and
/Ionic, strengthening qualities, and should be all of the same height.
rritike weak and despondent people It is poor economy to stunt the
bright, active and healthy. These growing chicks.
(pills arc sold by all dealers In inedi- Keep crushed bones and oyster ame, or can be hdxl by mail, post- shells within reach of the fowls, aid. at 50 cents per box. or six oxes for $2.SO, by addressing the Dr Williams Medicine Co.,
_Ulef Ont.
or
, hrcaL'KSïsrasriïïusa
............ :
a»"'T'	sssi'issyra surssys Cadies' *
tu won»,	IîbU'h Catarrh Cure be sure you get tho genu
Ine. It is taken Intern ally.and made in Toledo Ohio, by F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimoniale
I free.
J Hold by Druggists, price T5o per bottle Haifa Family Pills are the beat.
)'*
WALKme
OR
OUT1NO
SUITS
CM
clucks
¦ Be
.SS.'"® SfSrsïï.'sal oesmah ”*» ««memo.
Stilton, gave her. Funny that you
never gave mo any diamond ring/' Caused by Mad Speculation in
He— Nellie, it is only girls Who aro	Electrical Shares,	The prison population of Italy is,
STSSîte	.......
dear fellow you are!”	|commercial period fn the history of !
the empire. The Berlin llosree was crowded. Bankers and brokers grew rich, bought fine houses, horses,
"How can you stand 4)ie slow life Iyacbls’ ftnd enlarged their offices of a small town?”	Everyone was buying electric shares.
“Oh, it's a matter of taste, like whicb Wvrc accepted ns collateral by
driving; soma men liko to ride so fastitha bcst ba,lks as security for loans
]RM cover investment ket was electricity
¦EITISW AMKRIOAN 0Y1IMÛ 00
MONTREAL, TORONTO, OTTAWA 0 QUIBKO
now
ns
CHAPPED HANDS.
occasionally to
Rub with CILEADINE before retlr-
«
In* Two or three applloatlone will our# the worat case. Large boxee 25o Drugglete, or Cflea-
is indigestible, but cooked or scalded well it is all right.
if the hens arc laying well t ! require more food than when I are not
Mlnard's Liniment Cures Burns, etc
i
r*
THE TWO 0AITS.
,n:
dine Co., Toronto.

they t hey
and
In 1850 Grout Britain produced 11,800 tons of copper a year. This has now fallen to 1.500 tons n year.
UTTi

He
Always food the soft food nnd cut
i
#
»
the most nutritious.
%
The nmr-
, . . , , .Hcraty. Special electrical departments were added to
the lending banks, and everybody was interested in i|ie gilt-edged
shares. Incidentally rings of brokers reaped rich harvests by manipulating the market. Electrical rompai;-
ies sprang up on all sides, and it is computed that at one lime the valu» of electric shares was totalled
$116,000,000 | | ¦ ¦¦i
EPPS’S
tern

f
The Important $ Consideration f
GRATEFUL-COM PORTING.

end
COCOA
and
We believe MINARD’S LINIMENT is the best.
Matthias Foley, Oil City, Ont. Joseph Snow, Norway. Me.
Rev. It. (). Armstrong. Mu 1 grave,
BREAKFAST- SUPPER.
k

at
to the man or woman with n deposit 1 •ooount is the security of the money j deposited. If tho deposit is with T
tho
Tho new electrical M orhered splendid plants from 105 tho United States paying double for speedy delivery
in 1870 1 person in each 7,503,-carried by British railways was In 1000 only 1 in every 196,-
IIS
concern*
killed.
067,935
Chas. Whooten, Mulgrave, R. S. Pierre Landry, senr., Pokemoucho,
Canada's Premier Company $
nil over
The boom in elcc-
Mb
flocks well cured for
Thomas Wasson, Sheffield, N. II
n.	v // ^ *
its sàfely le beyond question. A secondary consideration is the rate of interest the depositor reçoives. This le also very attrao,ire. All Information cheerfully and promptly .supplied
4/

+ THE CANADA PERMANENT j; and WESTERN CANADA .{* MORTGAGE CORPORATION
Toronto Street. TORONTO
f I :	WH+W
-4
When you get your grocer! tiny, said the butcher to his wife, “don’t go to that little grocer next
to

^	door to my shop.” “Why not?” she
Out of 1,014 people treated for demanded. “Because he sent in yes-j hydrophobia In Parfs last year, anly terday and borrowed an old pair of *4 died,	| my scales.”-
- MkhOz

<u
x
Brock-
i

0-9
###PAGE###3###

t
cleat below the lowest, and a cretonne curtain hung from the top. Put a picture, a bust or a big vase of
grasses, etc., on top of the upper I LOSING THE WAY AND FIND-*nelf, and the effect isn't so bad.	ING A MILLION.
STUMBLING ÜN FORTUNES, 9UAINT HAHVIST «frraros
w °'aa,rîs^,^Er!S?ïSwi£ 5>"s	BsiaBfa -«ta-»
pnÉPii
street. Her dislike and exclusiveness he bo found by the solicitors, who vest festival	1 a bar" °.asy lask bcforo It. only the most i sound—a sort of moaning veil dvina
sometimes reach- the point of ob- advertised In the leading papers of a certain villavo	. intelligent puppies are chosen to be oil into a long-drawn howl '
solute prohibition, or she deprives the world the attractive announce- have had rather curio,™ i,in 8 î° I tralncf for t,ic l,urPosc.	crew were frightened into a régulai
her boy of the wholesome rough and ment that *100,000 was awaiting his whut he should contHhutn t" l°	lelected the »ttle animal Panic, and gathered in groups 8 No
sa sîssws	~ % arsis zz i° is % s^as-atf- î™
ners and morals may escape un- curious stipulai Ion in tnc will, t'10 tarts, and shees of «Lî. ‘'u®' J‘"“'i n'°thcr u,ltil u •" at least four came on deck who had seen a. good scathed in tho contacts inseparable	fortune was not to be given up un-	not tol(J .	,“K<"	are	months old. Its playful babyhood	deal of spurt in Canada
from mingling of the mass, your boy	IÇ", both the children claimed It. Ho	delicacies were consi-ln.^a .t0,u?7T°	Bt, *“ cnd- thu PuPPy begins to go to	“Are we near land?" he asked the
everybody's boy, all reciting togclh- <•“> fortune stood	tt plece ,,, % dccoiai ,1	' o	!8cl1001- ^ing. as a first step, les- «kipper. "1 hear wolves howling
cups „a |Cr’ 6l?°Utl,,g together on the ball WAITING FOIt MANY YEARS. ly fruits of lhc%l" m,T o	,Ul° art of walking in a In a terrible fright, the captai*
cup of molasKM«" ' ?Z°U.?d', ru,mi"g ™CM together in	At the conclusion of a concert last	they doubtless came in ha,.où	~,rulghLt ,i,llu und at a steady puce,	slowed tho engines still more, so that
one cup sour milk, quo tcusnomifni	^	,8t cont<iHt8 °l their careers.	year in New York Madame Nordica	subsequent fcstivitii*4	J *	1	, Hî ^'hoo 1-room to begin with is the	*}10 Rh 1P barely held her own against
s f« * *£“ " rssrsrtiss s	sssisraa ts
s æïe......;;jz "£rz£-JlKmStjz *jssras
them very lino und mix with L, . litc» lifting his cap to women, at:- I orders to place the man in tho car- abilities A- . JirL, , Umsc on ilis pracl,co the lesson is driven home. ,f 1 that Li.10 bones almost start dressing to a paste Pack into sm m 8isling olri agc» defending the weak, riago, and to drive on to the hotel. 'phry w,,,u	cr* . .	üy diking excursions in all direc- irougfh their skins, and they how!„_
vzjsz	I	,r zrr„rss«rsrr Z£r2m
has a better flavor. Worccstvi shiin Rame urbane and lovable demeanor covery. The injured man was found But their presence gave too much of traffic, wtd by kindly insistence im- hc c^î!t.r weatherwax, ' of Honoltn sauco and sherry niav bo used in thn *n tlm ^hild of a luxurious home. It	nonc ufher than Madame Nor- a farmyard appearance to the chan- pre9Kes upon it the necessity for not ' 1 n
Place of salad dressing in mixing it is a question, one sees, of the boy fjlca 9 long-lost brother. lie had Çcl for the liking of tho more aesthet- onl^ withdrawing itself from all dun-	Vlrr T nw PAXTlmi,
to a cream	and the stuff that is in him.	Mt returned from a big game-shoot- he members of the congregation who gcr but its charge as well.	YELLOW CANARIES
Superfine Sponge Cake-This nJ	- !1:ig expedition in the wilds, and had, however, to admit that they Aftcr ^om four to five months' ^hen 150 miles from Cape Flattery,
Z"TT ,TT, 7"'"", F?,i_.... s:!",::
NHÉHÉi
z “»	°*11,375 —I
I nked Squash. Squash retains its .	‘	,	:	,, Hhile employed on the renovation ! the blade, was placed above the pul- ton of Argoore, Switzerland, when WCr<J about to turn back, when
torin Tho nhntnrrmnh ^ Bu 'i ?! 0J? culPty mansion at Linlithgow, pit; and on both the men's and wo- one of them, hiding from tho others, °* l^c nicn 6ttid he saw something
mE?=FH	=: btt. s*s s:
mntV« enn * Til l! !	nWfty m th° WaBs of one o/ the	altar,	and containing a loaf of	jewellery, and other valuables. The	l**unk. which was big enough to	bear
,Vi rn	ni^h0 , faVnr?	rooims‘ 1tIfc	was full of sovereigns	bread	which had been made by one of	father, on behalf of	his children,	.tho #Wcight of a dozen men. Sudden-
Lh . " nulni! T d(,dlSt ?’ Snd jcwellcry' and worth more than the prisoners.	claimed $5,000 as a reward for their ^	a cranny in the timber,
no m stake in the identity of the i $20,000. The house had been un-	find. His claim was contested, how- j s^ot a coil of brown spotted with
un or tunato fellow seems possible. tenanted for years, and it is impos-	# " ¦ "	ever, and the Swiss courts eventual- Macî<» aud in a moment was twisted
s4. sS j&szss ss xr “îSvïr, sss »«*« ««n» I "	1500 “	- I
n his son was lunong the wounded, that a former tenant, who was of a Never quit certainty for hope.	named Mason, understood what was
1 ho reply received was to the «fleet miserly disposition, left a peculiar Losers are always in the wrong.	SAFETY OF THE SHIP. J wrong. Ilu seized a boat-hook and
that Private So and So died from will. In this he stated that he knew Tho book of Maybes is very broad.	„	bis snakeship such a blow on the
Jus wounds. J hc lamily went into	his relatives	had long wished him	Who	robs a scholar robs tho pub-	The Manv	nf	«	I ,fal1 ^i£lt h« very
mourning, and a tablet commemor-	dead, so, to	avoid any wrangling	He.	y _ ycs of	the 0ccan	bold, not, however, before he	had
Hc who lias but one cobt cannot I	Greyhound.	I broken two ribs of the oflicer
"» ^ — -- J	vst1 Er—i “ I
misty, or hazy, three men arc there.
In the "crow's-nest" there arc also come | two men. These men are practically
the eyes of the ship. Usually a man Sir Howard Grubb, the celebrated
in cold water, then place where they floi(l uf battle to the man who is We millionaire, died in Australia it docs not hurt, it sullies.	latter gets e. reprimand.	’ * center of tiie cross upon tho object
, rn LhCaKL ,Ty g'ad,Ua!!y; indeed, just sti|l living.	Im!!8 Ü IL111’. ^ y.T^,8°'	-1- At night look-out men have to be «timed at. the marksman takes
to the boiling point, but not actual-	-.—,- lu lor set himself the task of finding	.	very much on tho alert for sounds, aim. The invention is shown at tin
hSfZlf	NEUVES AND I, Ml !,cL? Æ	"OYAE3UPRIST1TIONS.	Ola^ow Exhibition.
prunes, add sugar to tho juico and a	IIATS.	;lwo years he gave up tho search. Jt is not generally known that our ear8 must be well-nigh perfect In
little lemon peel, boil rapidly for fif- A writer in a medical journal has |II,a^ng Iost bis way in Texas, Unit- King and Queen tiro superstitious. L fog the safety of the ship depends
teen minutes, pour over the fruit and	]atcjy advanced the theory that wo-icd ^tft.tcs- * hither he had como on ^otb; however, have a	him bcliot m ! as	mucb upon tho hearing qualities ! Sir Harry Johnston, whose dis
serve cold.	men's heavy hats are responsible for |professional business, Wilson was at- | Jj®	’!'s	01	of	the look-out as upon anything , covery of a new species of animal it
If you draggle a white petticoat in women's jangling nerves and p: over- j Iracted by the lights of a ranch to * 1 11	1 !°* * ,l ,l! mg; * 18 a( ^ else. Look-out men on tho stem- the Uganda Protectorate has excitc4
muddy weather don't let the mud dry	biftl qU|Ck temper. The popular im- lnfl”»ro his way. At tho ranch he ha9 ,h'1	enviable reputation of sccur-	head have a telephone close at hand,	much interest among naturalists
on it. Rinse it out immediately, and	pression has been that tho man who \ Ka9 Hivitod to take refreshment be- mg; l’v	her presence at the races,	by means of which they may com-	brought back to London and exhibit/
rinse it thoroughly. Mud on wool	pai(j for the hats was tho one whose Iforc Proceeding. A pretty young ser- victory	to the horse she favors So	^nicate with the officers on the	cd there early this summer a speci-
goods should dry, then be brushed	temper suffered; but it seems that Ivant brought it to him, and, being I J1/'IrJ ,s	the royal belief in her pow^r	bridge. In fair weather two officers	wen of a gigantic species of earth-
off, aud the stains removed with soap jarge hats weigh too heavily upon 1 aLruck by a certain familiarity in her that when Diamond ./ubileo was to are aiways OJl duty 01. the bridge : Worni which, when alive, was about
and hot water if the fabric will bear the fragile feminine cranium and af. fen lures, ho inquired her name.	I lc‘ the Her by, tho ^ucca 4 hfn	_t_	three feet long and as thick as two
it	feet the blood vessels and nerves, Gloser examination of the girl re- 1 rinress	c,r whIos	requested the |	'	fingers. Even larger species of csrlh-
If yon are short	closets	or the	and through them tho brain. More- vea,cd the fact that she was the El- pn h, nM‘	of the mascot,	who was at	l HI, KJNC AS GODFATHER. wuims than this exist. Ceylon ha*
¦¦¦te™™*
DOGS TO LEAD THE BLIND
FOR ™ HOME |
M8EÏÏES Ilf HD-OOM.
BUTTERFLIES AND CANARIES
AS VISITORS.
Recipes f0r the Kitchen. Nyilene and Other Netes • for Uie Housekeeper.
••••«•ttièe
THE STUFF IN BOYS
Tho mother whose little son ie her
pride,
!
»

TESTED RECIPES,
¦
Wd eprinkl, lightly with popper. Work into a pound of chopped Hamburg a smuZJ minced onion, spoonful of salt, ono-half pepper, an ounce of minced riid a toaspoonful of powdered sago. Mix thoroughly and shape in flat *tcu!< form. Place in tho baking dish sprinkle lightly with mustard
arul Iay,on a fcw more slices of bacon. Bake one hour. Brown a level tea spoonful of flour, add tho juice of
a lemon with a spoonful of currant jelly. 1 our this around the meat and cook about ten minutes longer.
I rune Brown Bread (prize recipe). —Ono cup commuai, twu|	|
ham flaur, one-half
of bacon
mi

one tear as much bacon
18
i'ht
>
t $
3
in*
a great flight of dainty lit>
tie
th€
on
were
tho marshes No doubt the carried up with thw
had failed in business, his wife had long been ill, and
bo made the subject of thanksgiving had consequently run up a long doc- ^arly °ne morning, while they —
I tor’s bill, which, already in debt, he sli^ 1^(J miles from land, the lookout sighted something which cd to be an overturned ship's'boat. Mr. Moulton, the officer of the watch ordered out a boat, und
if anything
wreck.
object they saw it was not but an cuobmuus tree-trunk
wcr#
For over fifteen
pay
appear-
ene
went to set clinging to the When they approached the
a boat. They
was
one
sweetness better when baked than when boiled. Choose a small one as being the best.
Frozen Rico Pudding —Cook one cup of well-washed rice in boiling salted water (one quart water to each teaspoonful salt), for five minutes. Drain and put in the double toiler with one cup of sugar and one-fourth tearpoonful or salt. Cook until soft, then rub through a sieve, Hcald one pint of cream and mix with it tho beaten yolks of three eggs. Cook about two minutes or until the eggs are scalding hot, then
in the rice IHSMHHHHHfl
spoonful of vanilla and more sugar if needed. Freeze as any ice cream and pack firm in the freezer can or a round mould.
up
his wounds. *
mourning, and a tablet	__
Add one table- ativc of t]ie dead man was put up in j over his wealth, he determined to be”
the parish church.	1	¦¦ ¦ ¦
Some weeks later there came a ring it. of the bell at the paternal mansion, j of the workmen and who should walk in but the sup- wealth of the eccentric old posed dead man.
Then the curious feature of the | hand furniture recently made
story was revealed. It appeared ious find in an old sofa, __________________________________________________
that there were two men of the same in tho back amongst	the	horsehair I Plow, or	plow	not,	you	must	pay
nutty flavor peculiar to company and the same name and j stuffing were several	Bank	of Eng-	your rent.
what was still more curious, al- land notes, on the	back	of one of	The disease	a man dreads,	that	hc
though they were complete strangers which was pasted a	copy of a mar-	dies of.
squash, and without removing the they were of very similar appear- riago certificate. This stated that Many go out for wool and shell, cut into three-inch squares. Re- ancc. Doth had been wounded, butinâmes William Somerville and Sarah | home shorn.
move the seeds, brush each piece with while one had recovered, one had, as ^nn Heberts were married in Enfield | Ho who sows brambles must not
,r_________J.	Church on Juno 21st, 1813.
Of course there was much rejoicing certificate had long been wanted, and in tho homo and all ought to have :Was one of the greatest importance | to-morrow ended as happily as the average shil- iu proving tho claims of certain ling novel, but for the objection of heirs to a
,t 0'uS,’S^UI, STS LAnuK "•»	estate
church to bo removed. There it still L**10 merest chance made Mr. II.C. remains, a pathetically worded mo- Wilson, a sydnuy solicitor, w mariai of the gallant death§on the Bonaire. Hhen old Tyson, the cccen-fivld of battle to the man who is tnc miIlionairo,_g*HglJ*|*l
soon relaxed his
The an anacou-uearly nine feet
queath it to tho one who could find • It is not unlikely that tho find
was the hidden I company
Better go about than fall Into the tn
man
A Southwark dealer in second- ditch
For a flying enemy make a silver
a cur-
Deposited I bridge.
HINTS TO HOUSEKEEPERS
A rich,
winter squash is lost when tho vegetable is boiled. Wash and wipe the
A NEW GUN-SIGHT
This image serves as a foro and by simply holding the

/
GIGANTIC EARTHWORMS
1
ale*
<
<
<
<
1

;
\
Mdi





###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
For Xmas Gifts.
MASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
We are Eye Experts
We succeed In rtttor* ing perfect eight end removing eyestrain.
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 19, 1901.
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE

See our Stock of

(ff
At the banquet tendered the Hon. Mr. Tarte at Portage du Fort recently, that gentleman is credited with hav.ng thrown out a bread hint that if the people of Pontiac wanted any favors him, they should not bo slow in pushing their claims—in fact keep pegging away at him until he is amused to action. The County Council at its regular meeting last week, decided to accept the minister's invitation, by resolving to ask him for aid towards repairing the Bryson Calumet bridge, which is said te be getting in a dangerous state, and also to use his good offices in having the Pontiac Railway extended westward from its present terminus. The Minister of Railways and Canals is to be memorialized to the same infant, so it is to be hoped that something will result from this latest move of our county fathers for long-delayed justice to the upper end. Deputations of the Council are to strengthen the hands of Mr. Murray (if he need them)lin laying I these respectivebehests before the “pow-that be, ” and it is to be hoped that before another session of parliament passes, the federal member will be in a position to show something of the weight and influence he boasted of possessing when he sought and obtained the suf I rages of the people of this county a year ago. Actions always speak louder than words, and we fancy theinajority of Mr. Murray's constituents are in accord that his time for action has arrived. The way is open,
e)
equipped ourselves with the best modern
ep pli mets which, with our r * perl Knowledge end experience. insuressue*
Albums, Handkerchief Boxes,
Collar and Cuff Boxes,
Work Boxes, Toilet Cases, Etc.
As usual we have a large stock of
Chiqaware and Glassware.
For the little folk we have a well-assorted stock of
The Celebrated
New Williams
Sewing Machines.

rom
CMI

k
%
*





J
Toys, Dolls, Candies and Story Books.
We make a Specialty of
Fresh, Clean Groceries.
g
MTHE DRUG STORE”
A. H. BOX
Optician
SHAWV1LLE
-I
vtf\{HEAD
P.Q.
era
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
Intending Buyers should see the fine
display of these Machines
now in stock at
Every attention paid to Customers.
MACFARLANE BROS.
A NEWLY RE-BUILT ll|ILL >
SMART & SMITH’S.
FACTORY
The Christian Guardian says of prohibition : 44We would strongly favor a somewhat extendtd peried of preparation within which the strongest campaign of moral suasion and education ever con ducted in Ontaria should be undertaken by the Provincial Alliance and all its a lied organizations."
CLARENDON ROLLER MILLS.
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
The Best Flour and the Largest Returns! 1901 for your wheat is Our Ambition.
"We desire to have you and our Flour meet. There is a basis tor a firm friendship between us after you I .' and the Flour have argued it
We have a Large Stock of Everything in our Line.
Highest Price paid for Hard Milling Wheat.
JAMBS WILSON.
1901
OR
The aggregate dopoeits in the Post Office Saving Banka amount to about forty million of dollars, as gleaned from the Postmaster General's report just i sued. New Post Offices to the number of 227 have been opened, and 13,375,000 letters were carried than during the previous year. There were 108,349 more postal notes issued and paid than in the preceding year, and 76,102 more money orders.
c
OREMOST
URNITURE.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING ::	:: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
over.
more
We are meeting your demand for cheap, dium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test and you’ll prove it.
me-
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
Several yeori ago a writer in the North American Review predicted that when the crop of the Canadian Noathwest reached 100,000,000 bnehe'a capita-iiata would bui d the Georgian Bay
The latest that the
US
• •
• e
We have also a first-class assortment of
THE FAVORITE
canal as a private enterprise.
bulletin anneuncci grain crop of the province of Manitoba alone this year has reached the remarkable amount of 60,170,853 bushel* cf which over 50 million bushels is wheat.
TERMS SEASON ABLE.
CHARGES MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEE:).
crop
PERSONAL ATTENTION.
ROBERT C. RODONS.
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
The applications for enrolment ia the
Canadian Mounted Rifles at almost every !	PftO QPDUIAP
point from Vancouver to Halifax indi-1	¦ ^ “ OLIt v Ivt
cate that 0,000 men could have been secured as easily as 000. Though the knowledge that only a hindful would be accepted at each recruiting point discouraged many from applying, the I Pure bred large Yorkshire Hog “Cham-number anxious to enlist was in nom- P*on» bred from the best resiatered stock «roui instances ton times the number re- ln Ontario. Fee—$1.00 for one or $1.50
|ulrea-	1	WELLINGTON SMART,
Stark's Corners-
Pure bred Yorkshire Hog. Fee $1.00. Apply to J AS. BALLANTINR,
Bristol.
We Satisfy.
FRESH and CURED
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
Pure bred Yorkshire Hog. Fee $1.00, Apply to G. R. ALLEN,
Clarendon.
AT
MEATS
WAIITMAIT’S. If
PEOPLE WHO BUY THIER GOODS AT OUR STORE GO AWAY SATISFIED THAT THEY PROCURE
BEST VALUE FOR THEIR MONEY
IN ALL LINES OF
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
of all kinds at
The annual statement of the Bank ef Ottawa, presented t » the shareholders at the annual meeting held last week showa net profita for the past year of $319,515.
These profi a. paying the handsome dividend of 9 per cent, on the capital stock, Jeft a balance of $119,521, of which $19, 521 joined the previous considerable balance at credit of profit and loss, and $100,0H) was carried to the reserve or rest fund. Tbis reserve now amounts to $1,765,000. or within nearly quarter of a million of the bank'd oaid up capital of $2,000.000
Put in short the bank'* net p% fi f r the year on its capital wat about 10 per cant.
The statement shows that the year has been the be t in bank's h'ttory.
THE SHAWVILLE
N|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
Purebred Yorkshire Hog. fee-$1.00.
Service
JAS. ARMSTRONG.
Green Lake.

HAVE A LOOK AT THE CHOICE SELECTION OF
Large English Berkshire, pure bred. Won first prize at Shaw ville this year Service fee—one dollar.
: A full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
Proprietor.
Agateware, Tinware Etc.! SEASONABLE GOODS
G. E. WAINMAir SHAWVILLE. " “ "W
ALEX. BEAN,
Portage Hoad.
HONG KEE,
TENDERS FOR
CPSE-MAHER and SECRETARY.
BFFORE LAYING IN YOUR :	FALL SUPPLIES. :
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
CHINESE LAIPHY,
Greenway to Lead	Sealed tenders marked 44 Tender " ad
—	dressed to the undersigned will be received
Winnipeg, Man, Dec. 11 .—The Manx- up t0	Dece“lber 21st, 1901, for The Rifles May Be 900 Strong
Bole was elected permanent chairman of box all cheese leaving it ready for ship- yeneial to the Imperial autheritiea offvr-the convention at this morning’s eetsien ment and keeP ftn accurate account of ing to aend two additional squadrons of
EEEEEBE
At the afternoon meeting a resolution en- Address all tenders to	I tbe British government accept they will
doniog Ex-Premier Greenway aa leader 1	MARY L. SMART,	bo sent. 1 hia offer has been made be-
of the party in Manitoba, waa supported !	^ 5	cause of the large number all over the
ass; sajkut I ^*«•» «- I
Mr. Green way replied at length, and - -.- ..-¦¦¦	----= w';1 be able to accomodate ths additional.
accepted the leadership, but warned the considered their prey, and nothing would |\umb*r* Misthought very likely that c hickcns’ t*r lb*dt°0 cents. party that he was not as active as in please them better than to infuse into the j the o!,er wlU be McePM-	| Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cents.
former years, having stood 22 years of colonists British ideas in religion aa in I-•	I Pork per 100 lbs.. $6.50 to 75
hard nghtingin politics. The announce- politics.	Extension of G.T.R. to the Soo.	Beef, per 100 lbs., $3.75 to $4.00*
ment of Mr Green way • acceptance wss If we are only able to teach French to	__ Wool, per pound 14 to 10v
others.	| gained for the friends of the French nln* of àAU t11®.1**011 °Lthf Grînd Trunk »	^	3o to 40 cents each.
language in the Northwest Î	*(* TT ^ SauU Sta. Mane. It is fora
Hi	ribP
a catholic missionary sats THiT and I e*st WM connected with this fight between 1° / - he ,, navigation on thu Maga^
THE dovkhobors ark joining the roman Catholic and Protestant missionaries for netîWRn* J was K,ven the JJ* Ted up by the line, is 48 miles and is very suitable for settlement.
Silas Young,
' Next door to Miss A. McRae s,
Main Street, - Shawville-
THE MARKETS.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 08 to 00c. Oats per bushel, 40 to 45c. Pease per bushel, 65 to 70c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush. Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 00 to I5c. Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Ducks, per lb. 6 to 7 cents.
S tarke’s I laundry work of all kinds done In first-
class style.
Corners.
Here it is I 8”
’	SASH
The Place1
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the man ufacture of all kinds of
t
OTTAWA IBP
Butter, print, 20c. per lb.
pails. 18 to 19c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 25c. per ooz. Potatoes, 90c. per bag.
Iamb, 0 to 8c. per lb.
Mutton, 4 to 6c. per lb.
Beef, 3& to 5Jc. per lb;
Pork, $6.50 to $7.75 per 100. Chickens, 45 to 00c. a pair. Oats, 48 to 50c. per bushel.
Hay, $6.00to $9.00 per ton. Wool, 13 to 14c. per lb.
Religion of Galicians.
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Hepairiqg
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
< »
Doors, '
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
CHURCH.
Montreal, Dec. 13.—La Presse publishes an interview with a Catholic mis- Montreal, Dec. 11.—A meeting of the eionary in t he Northwest, who is unnamed, English-speaking bar of Montreal has but preaumeabiy in cloee touch with Mgr. been called by aeveral of the leading tngevin, in which assertion is made that members for this afternoon to consider the adyent of the Galaciane and Dukho the filling of the vacancy on the Court ' rs will prove a blessing to the Roman of King’s Bench, caused by the resigna-( atholio ( hurch instead of a drawback, as tion of Judge Wurtele, and it la underbrat feared.	stood representations will be made to the
‘ Unhappily, he says, “ for those who government by the meeting pointing out looked lo these settlers to recruit the the desirability of an English «peaking Protestant forces, the majority of them judge, instead ot a French judge as has are Catholic*. The Canadian government been talked of. The representation has has been asked to favor the work of stood four French to two English, and if Catholic misai priories, but grave objections Judge Laoge’.Lr is removed here from iv i -ii. 1 be IVotestsnt m siionaries Quebec it would leave only one English did not want to release those whom they judge on the King’ Bench.
Boer Treachery
For which I am now prepared to receive orders ahd guarantee first-class work.
London, Dec. 10.—-The Globe has published the following, which it has received from a correspondent at Bioemfon-
Captain Wickham was out scouting I not follow him returned to the house
with a party of his men, and in the eoune ! From what has been gathered it seems of hi4 duties the captain and one man that the soldier was talking to the won, u, went into a Boer farm house. Here they when the boy came behind and stabbed found only a woman and a small boy— him *ith a knife. Then the boy look apparently about 12 or 13 years of age. his rifle and bandolier, and when Car t. Câptain Wickham, after looking for arms Wickham came back he shot him point rode away, but finding that his man did' blank through the head.
O
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future increase in business.
¦1
Shawville.
JE 6. ELLIOTT
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
PROPRIETOR
w


###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Court ShawvilleJ The
No- *10.
t
THE FROST* WOODCOWIPANY,Limited.
G. P. Hodgins Storcl0™1^	Tj»-a«oiM.
Is showing Pleasing Xmas Gifts for the first Christmas of tlje flew Century.
Gifts that are suitable for THE LADIES,
GENTLEMEN and CHILDREN.
$ # e #
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Intcreets.
PUBLISHED EVSEY THURSDAY
AT 8HAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
I.O.F

a
¦LBCJ
Meets the 4th Wed ne* day of every month
T Court dues must be paid f promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
if. ». Barnett,'F.b

A. SMILEY, Prop.
J. A. Cowan,UR.
John Bsckktt, C.K.,
ADVERTISING RATER
begat advertising. eight cents per lino for Aral Insertion and four cents per hue for each subsequent Insertion,
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at N.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for Hrst Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions
fo%:rgrZ:%rCT^^ The •«*'«"-
whleh will he given on application. '	A Fashionable If air Cut,
Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
WINTER WANTS :
S
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH. Proprietor.
•14
i
Before placing your orders for winter sup-P- ies be sure and have a look over our new and complete stock of Igh.
Advertisements received without Instruction! accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices publ I Btt Your Turn next. 1 Imbed free of charge. Obituary poetry th cents per line.
For Ladies :
Cutters Robes Blankets Rugs,
Bells Whips, &c.

1
IN FURS—Capes, Caperines, Muffs, Ruffs, Caps.
HANDKERCHIEFS—An encless variety in Silk Initialed, Plain and Fancy.
FURNITURE DEALER AND novelties
Shawls.
GEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.

JOHN A. COWAN
9
Publisher
Neck Ribbons, Gloves, Ties, Mitts,
Business Cards.
UNDERTAKER,
sHAwviLLE, - - que. | pqp Gentlemen :
MEDICAL.
9
F.M.A.McNaughtoq,B.^.,M,D.,C.M.
New Christmas Neckwear, New Christmas Scarfs.
New Suspenders, New Gloves, Mitts, Shirts and Underwear.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Fane ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Graduate of McGill University,’
Office-ReHidenco of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shaw ville.
Office hours -Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
BEST GOODS.
LOWEST PRICES.
Lovely Xmas Gifts
Fancy Table and Piano Drapes, Ladies’ Beautiful Silk Ties.
I Pretty Gifts
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M,
A. SMILEY.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Oradnate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orrica awd Rmidosc* : J. H Armstrong's House, MAIN STREET
Fancy Glassware, Fancy China, Toilet and Dinner Sets.
CHOICE STOCK OF
A
District and Country.
SHAWVÎLL8
/"¦«A
I
Tho Ottawa police force hat been retr-_ ganized.
I Mr. John Abe1, of Wolsey, warn struck I j by a falling tree, and killed.
Mr. Thomas B. Date, tho well-known brewer of St. Catharine#, is dead.
Mr. Mirtfca McKibbon, of P.cton, asphyxiated by gas from a coal stove
Christmas and
Holiday Goods
LEGAL.
Choice Xmas Groceries,
Fresh Peels, Spices and Essences, Choice New Raisins and
Currants, Canned Goods, Fancy Biscuits,
Choice Teas and Coffee.
BODRBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
\
A T
was
WM. GAMBLE,
simply Bewildering. J.F. ORON^U’S, LADYSMITH.
Our Toy Department is
BARRISTER, &c.,	Tho Cornwall Manufoctjring C ;m-
Room 20, Trust Building, No. 4S Sparks ' P&ny luvo dec dad to close thtir woollen
St., Ottawa, Ont.	I mills.
The latter census returns received at To tll8 PllbliC W0 OXtOIld tll8 SOcLSOIl’S ChoiCOSt
So by iSr* lhB v pjUtion °f 0ntl" j compliments, and to everybody a very Merry
Christmas and Happy New Year.
Yours, respectfully,
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Orfflce-over O. F. Hod jins' Store, Main St.
Books, Toys, Jewellery,
- Candies and Confectionery,
Fresh Groceries, Dried Fruits,
Raisins, Currants, Spices, Essences.
See our Stock before making your Tma.a purchases. You will find the goods up to date and prices right. .
J. F. GB01TÀT7 ~
iimiMiiw I Willie MulduD, aged six, was drown-
C EOe Cm W RIGHT, In the Red Ui? or at Winnipeg while
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-, | ple,l”g °nllu
Sergt. Uepworth, of the South African constabulary, reported deed a few weeks sgo, is a ive and well.
Three people weie killed and thirty-Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac I eight injured by a collision of two pass-Districts.	eenger trains in Arkansas.
G. F. HODGINS
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Trust Building—
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa
Phone No. 1324
The lits J. W. McRse, who was acci The house of Mr. Robert Cimpbell, I dentally killed about three weeks ago near Tiur', N. S,, was burned end three l#f& personalty valued at less than $5,000 children perished in the fl unes.	| end the Ottawa Trust and Deposit Co.
3rd Thurade, w,j' SHBEStSSS |
Pontiac. Prompt collections and iinme- hft alone in tho house, was burned te death. Mr. McRae did not own any rl.ate remittances. bpecial attention to death at Wiarton. O t	real estate.
correspondents.	'
X
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L.
ADVOCATE,
LAW CHAMBERS }
D I ¦
I
• e
e #
• e
e #

MAIN STREET HULL.
LADYSMITH.
e %
•UBBCRS
HEAP
c
aw
a
The Ontario L gislatu e has been called for the 8;h Januay, for the despatch of business
8
Execution in Montreal
W. W. IRELAND,
JCS K. LAPLAIXB PAID THE DEATH PENALTY
LAST FRIDAY.
H Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court. I	P, e8l(le°t ^ ti^ Uh "
e^uM:r.r=d a
factorlly.	16o,000.000 bushels
SHAWVILLE - -
5*
From Bankrupt Stock.
Montreal Dec. 13—Joseph Eirne:t
I Lsplatue was hanged in the Montreal
. jail this morning at 0 :03 o’cl >ck for the rt/.M
murder of Madame Lefebtre, of Ste. | Wlth	.
your foot but you cannot stub the
rubber.
Y
Two only Sharp’s, 24-inch round barrel, 56 cal., rim fire, single shot ; weight 7 lbs. Price $o each.
Sharp’s Repeaters-8 shots, 56 ca!., centre fire ; weight 84 lbs. Price Ha VP $8.00 each.
IOTC Spencer Carbine—single shot, 56 cal., rim fire ; weight 7} lbs. Price $8. SB»ÎW Will outwear two pairs only {0nÆMusket-31 inch barrel, 7 Shots, 56 cal., rim fire, of common rubbers.	I ,	¦¦¦&¦
a few
QUE. J The Halifax Board of Trade passed ¦¦ resolution favoring the transfer of the, ~	„	, _
management of the Intercolonial Riilway ^u"®80Dde, m May of the peneot year, to the C.P.R.	The execution wae carried ont without
_ *	the slightest hitch, aid life was extinct
William B >yd, mourned as dead friends seven minutes after the fail which broke at Marion, bid., Ihs returned from the the condemned man’s neck.
Kloud ke with $60,000, which he cleared up in three years.
We
you can stub
S. A. MAC KAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PUBLI \ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOaN AND 8 A VINOS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawvllle on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
One only Springfield Musket—31 inch barrel (second band but in good order); cal. 45. <0, centre fire, at $6.
Ballard Carbine, .44 cal., rim fire ; weight 7 lbs Price $7.
Two only Kentucky Ballards-10 cal., rim fire, 2G inch barrel. Price $<each,
First come, first served. Write to
McDOUOALL & CTJZNEA,
rh.s;=l„th™lp«ï-.tdV“th! I Hardware Merchants, • - - Sussex St. Ottawa.
uum.
Piior to the execution the condemned man spent the greater part of hie time in ÇkiiMrt,0O|	-
The Government has referred the claim I •P**'ilua! preparationi and was quite re-	is imitated by every
of Meiars Mackenzie & Man,	in connect-	H8ned to bi» wh0n tbo time came.	rubber manufacturer, but your
ion with the Yukon railway contract,	WM thought by soma of Lis attendants	dealer knows the genuine from the
amounting to $302,717, with	interest, to	tb»t he would break down at the last,	imitation. No imitation has our
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County the Exchequer Court.	but the very revme wae the caas. Lv	specially manufactured Rope Can-
Ponliae. Bales conducted In a busloeea-like	,	......	. .	0 â plaine never flinched and died in a man
and satisfactory manner. Goode or articles The barns and cattle she la of the Scot- rier that might be fittingly described ai
STS!	S'It	« IS*. ».TS,Z
sakurst.'! atsjtsr -	— “• - “• *b“‘ sstfï-*x >_ » h
Mrs. Aatlev. widow of the late Dr family of the condemned man, a respite each rubber. All others are frauds I Chicago, 111., Nov. 29.—Mrs. Joseph Frank D. Aatley, cf Quyon, died at To- wae granted until tc-day. Mr. Aune upon the public.	ine It. Ormsby, mother of a set of quad
mmmmmm mtier remains were	Geoffroio, who defended Laplaioe was un-	-	pathpd TOP felBÜVoof ruP,eti» two aeti of trivets, three pair» of
fnternd at Beeohwood. Ottawa on	able however, to make	his case	strong	VUI	hCAintK I ut	twins, and three single children, has con-
Thursday.	* enough and the law was ordered to take its Jba	on the market, 6-inch, 9-inch and eluded that marriage is a failure, and has
1	course.	j 13-inch tope, with Rolled Edge and | applied for a divorce from her husband, j
The Wright County Council has gran- I«ap?aine was executed for shooting to Heels:	are	m/tock, and Charles T. Ormsby, who deserted her five «
ed the petition of residents of East Tern- death Madams Lefebvre, with whom he I y0Qr f*r ™ order them for	months before the With of the quadrup-1 A Toronto clergyman has resigned hie
__ __	{l^ton, who d Oh I rod organization sea lodged in St. Cunegonde. The murder The J. D. KING CO., Ltd. CfafUdLtfJ? I and ba# not since been sean. Mrs pastorate and in doing so has revealed a
T-“-	- “•'*'• &,.%%% *!« A BE	rsa	iïïStfï	H-———».	SB*¦EttTJWfil	33BWÏ liX"	™	tS
First-class Uvsby Attached.	new registry oftice. It will be located on	the performance of her	domestic	duties.	—"	____ treasures arc exbib t ng at a dime museum |	a, his salary ail	that	was	left	of the Sun
Mary street.	It was supposed that Ltplaine was jealous The Heroic Peat of an Indian I U U	l,hst tbe c,hi!dren are earning , day collections after the regular expenses
of the imaginary attention of other board-	Woman.	* . * we,k f(,r	being alive and were paid and since June, he said in his
era in the house to his boarding mistieii.	| _ cooing for the visitors. Eight	of the ! farewell address, he had been atrnggling
Vancouver, B.C , Doc. 3—An Indian	0rn?4by ch!Uron bare died-both	sets of j along: that way. The average collections
Smith's Falls, Dec, 11—A fatal acoi-	! Schultz to Hang,	I canoe, containing a	man, two women	xr,p ti * anu m,e p<iir 11 twlii*	were $24 00 a Sunday and the average
dent took place in the C.P.R. yard here	—	and three chillreu, one an infa.it, was	-----m —	eipenees $20 00, but the congregation
last night by which Mr. William Ve!den Siult Ste. Ma le, On\, Dec. 11.— oapsiz d in Var couver harbor, the man	Work at the Soo.	thought he had too good at ing and
lost hie life. He was a brakeman on the Schultz, the man whowat yesterday found and one woman being drown ad irnmi-	---- asked him to take over the insurance and
C.P.R. and at midnight was helping to	guilty of the murder of his paramour,	lately. The second	woman so z»d a	PLAN» drawn and site cH"»en por ship- the tax for a sidewalk In front of the
bring the engine for his train out from the	Ms. Craig, was sentenced today to ba	child under each arm	and, grasping the i	building yard.	church. He was good in mathematic#,
round house. He was operating a switch hanged on February 7tb, 1902.	baby in her teeth, succeeded in swim-1	---- and as soon as he cou!d|figureo3t out how
to run the engine on to tho line and af-	______» _____ ming ashore through the içy boisterous Sault Ste Ma ie, Dec. 13.—Fioin un- much per week he would have to pay
ter turning it he is supposed to have step-	Blood Poisoning.	waters. No greater feat of heroism and ! disputed authority it has been learned the congregation for the privilege of be
¦ pod back on to the adjoining track until	___ swimming strength was ed>r seen here. ; that tbe plane for the big ship building mg its spiritual guide he decided that it
SILVERWARE the engine passed switch. Just then the	Toronto, Deo. 11.—Word was received	children subsequently	succumbed	to	plant, to be located at the Canadian 8no,	*&*"'&	™rth it	and resigned^	__
Ac. âe.	wetfc bound expseia train came thunder- j today of the death this morning at Johns	lhe effeCta of the exposure.	by English capital, headed by Sir Chris-
ing down the main track on which he	Hopktne hcapiffcl, Baltimore, of Dr. L.	.7X7~  - topher Furness, are now prepaied and	.
was standing and ran over him. It is	M. Sweetnam, and a medical professor in	K^v. Mr. McNabb'» ate	cong legal ions	the site chosen. The plans call for the	«une have	sent	handsome	souvenirs of
supposed that on account of the escaping	Toronto University. He contracted blood	st Beachburg,	recently	preieutcd him	largest plant on the great lake», of a size	the,r tour over tho C.P.R.	»o Mr. Baker,
SHÂW7IÎÏR	0	I	«team from his own engine be did not	poisoning about three weeks ago at S .	w,,h • Puwe	of *265.	The reverend	I sufficient to allow the building of four	m whose charge	they travelled.
D JÜ n i iuuuj	f • |	hear the other. B.th his legs ware cut ofl	Michael’s hospital while operating on a	gentleman will	reside this	winter in Pern	lake carriers of the largest type of the
and his body wbh otherwise frightfully	patient brought to town from Penetan-	btoke.	time. The plant ii t»> be looted west and
A v„in„ m»n Mimed Pew was arrested mangled. He was picked by the wgi gubhene with an arm shattered by* _	-----T"-------	„ ,	in doss proximity m the Clergue steel
nf .hoo’L Mrs Wm. BW of tile light engine âad some other* gUO,hot wound; the patient «l.o diod of ,*» Kubclk,	B .hemi.n work., the first por.ivn of which i. near
left
J. J. TURNER,
Para Gum.	Aa&CLmf
Don’t buy unless the words
Calls Marriage a Failure
Tenders Wanted.
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to noon Dec. 28th, 1901, for Secretary of the Lily Cheese and Butter Co. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. By order,
W. W. IRELAND. Shawville, Dec. 14th, 1901
some new evi-
HOTBLS.
roiito last week
St. Lawrence Hall,
t., a
Mrs C M. McLean,
@
A Fatality at Smith’s Fails
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
JEWELLER
KEEPS '
A SELECT STOCK OF
watches,
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY,
?

t
i mv.
The Prince and Piiocaes of Wales and
IUtatbivo—
A SPECIALITY



6WA
Perth, Dec. 11
One of Perth’s mo? t prominent citizens died today in the pfreon of Mr. John A. McLun. On Fr day nf last week suffered a stroke of apoplexy attended with spinal paralysis, and from that time gradually weakened and passed away at 3.30 this after* noon.
i-
n-


###PAGE###6###

- •• •	¦- -'mm*
* . ¦ «... .................................................................................
-


I .




¦p# tp

* .:~»A .> .> .> * ..% .>«. .> a a <****+« s'- *?•>•:•*•:• •> ** .>.K^>.;..;..;.
her short punishment. There, before bank, which Mr. Dandy also left to her release, Leon, well versed in Percy Meggitt, "being convinced prison ways, very fertile in axped- that the integrity, Intelligence, and fonts, brought about a meeting be- industry he has over displayed in tween them.	I the service of the bank will be no
What did you get?" was Leon's I loss conspicuous when at Its head." first query, put in French.	I * "It is more than I ever dreamt
"Only fourteen days."	j of," said Meggitt to Mr. Waldo; "I
"All is not lost, then—but it will ! never anticipated, sir, never—believe depend entirely upon you. As soon I me—that I should rise to be a mern-v	you are released make your way I her of tho firm."
t0..«,?nd0n "	No. Mr. Percy Uoggltt, but your
What am I to do In London," I good fortune comes a llttlo too late
flHAurvi M13 0F PRECEDING tyour purse. I pick it up; it becomes "v°u muet ¦«* Percy, He now liv- in tho day; you are succeeding now
vuAl liUiS.—Securities vanish hom mine- mine with nil it contains. cs in Victoria Square. Uo there------------------to a property which you have done
•elLOIlg~room ot ^andelcnt' Dasdy Your little secrets, your private hub^ n0* muko him come to you."	your best to undermine and destroy:
s^ti % v bankers. Mr. Faske of its, pleasures, and ways of life—not "Where?"	all those lost thousands, tho cm boa-
tlrn mumi Xard lrL.cal,cd ln to 6.olvo 80 very honest and reputable I fear "The safest place will be at tho old elements and defalcations which have to th» YrJ ihcrc «?	kf,y*	—1 kr*ow them all. Ah, Monsieur shop, Mumzello’s behind tho Hotel ! gone to enrich another rogue, were
Waldo Paianer>m th^othLr bv Mr Meggitt» ^is is a precious pocket-!Gai,lard* Tell htm I have been cop- Partly your own. It is a strange burtees chief cosher This lat er book to ^u. Now 1 can understand | l,cd- thttt 1 am going back to the I Nemesis which makes you a principal has two children Dob and Jose- why y°u aro 80 disheartened at los- boat' (penal servitude), and that I sufferer by tho nefarious trnnsuc-phlne. He reproaches Bob. who is inG jt- % will restore It to you by- shu11 bo away about three years— tions in which you so readily cn-an extra rag ant subaltern with as- nnd-by, and claim my reward."	unless ho can help mo out before gaged.
pirations to the hand of Helena ! The loss of that pockot-book put tbon."	I "It will ho necessary to prepare
Waldo, for having consumed his sis-	Meggitt completely in his power. It	' "What? help you to escape? How is	deeds of partnership,"	went	on Mr.
ter'e dowry to pay his gambling	placed	tho assistant-cashier entirely	he to muringo	that?"	Waldo;	"I will speak	to	Claytons,
debts. Surtees is suspected of tüu	at tho	mercy of a much bigger rogue,	i "That's hltf	affair—it will be worse	} and a	balance-sheet must	bo	drawn
theft. A search-warrant Is taken	From	that night in the Place Mau-	tor him if ho	leaves mo in gaol. Un-	up, to	date."
out against him. Some Portuguese bert dated a close confederacy bo I 0111 free I won't stir a linger, as "Is tho latter indispensable?" ask-bonds answering to desciiption of	tween two villinns, ami a series of	I Sfty- So tell him that, plain."	cd Meggitt, with an	inward qualm."I
missing securities are found in his	financial operations, which, from	I "And after that, when I have seen	mean that I am quite ready to ac-
possenUon. Ho is convicted and sen-	their flrst inception through all their	, Terry, may I go back to Paris?"	copt my position	as I find It. I
tenced to seven years penal servi- nrtfui ami intricate ramifications, I "I think not, it won't be safe. ! think I know something of the nf-tuda. Sir Richard Daunt in love	deeply alieeted the principal person-	They may want' you on the other	fairs of tho bank,"	he added with a
uUi Josephine, meets the Marquis	ages ju this venicious fitory	aide. Percy, too, would like to lay	greasy smile
do Ojo Verde to whom ltob lost his	----- his hand on you, pvrliaps, if ho fails i "So be it, Meggitt;" and exposure
h,°m6y«dFaiKl!etto^eCtMrs.t<XValdo^a	CHAPTER XXVIII.	Lp^se.^ H J^omewhcr"	" """ ""
1 hese two arc aiicstvd foi Mo left Leon and Fanchetto in the can come and join you. Leave a let-
hands of tho police at Weymouth, ar- ter at Mauizvlle’e." rested on u charge of card sharping on board the Cherbourg boat.
Nothing could be made out of Leon
$
s
HIS
r
s
%
%
The Untimely End of
Joeeph Devno.
c
*

ÏLL-GOTTEN
WEALTH.
$
ê 4
X
&

%
X
t
i
as
:*
Ù
\
I
<L

Barber—"Tour hair will soon be gray, sir, If II keeps on." Customer—"Just so It keeps on I don't care."
EIPENSIVE EXPERIMENTS.
experimental reasons by the guns of one of her more modern prototypes. Tho latest victim to this species of THEY HAVE COST GREAT |fratricide—or should It be sororlcîtîe? BRITAIN FORTUNES.
To bo Continued
—was tho Scorpion, which wan only |uito recently battered to death by
— —
It is amusing to hear the remarks ! Humor has it that tho Admiralty In,1d *11	the I < r p.sii hm o wag
of those who saw the Czar and Czar- have under consideration tho carry-1 literally at the camp lunches they attend- lug out of a costly but decisive ex-
like" fllL ncwh-muxried couple lit«Mit mysterious foundering of tho I °”c of the most famous of these I first he had been merely tho tool in table d’hote with neither eyes nor torpedo-destroyer Cobra, and tho	ous encounters took place in the
the hands of the arch roguo-on in- earg cxccpt for one another. She most equally mysterious "buckling" Channel, on June 15th, I860, be* strument of evil working out blindly , Sn0lxe so much to tho Czar at tho of her sister ships, the Vulture and lwccn the lsellcrophon, carrying «
I	z “A-	pf
The evidence against both was suf- alone held all tho threads of the con- I on 0]d greybeard like himself was do win involve an expenditure of bo- Powder charge of 4Jib., and tho uir-
« »-***«....snuwss rsr: stt s’gsjrz «rss m jsnssrss ci ss."— xsswi: «lx
his way, with a hungry, wolfish face, trial at the next quarter sessions. tcr-mind	I znir Pcrier	dummy "destroyer," which will bo rophon, quickly disabled her oppon*»
¦I**
ilSi!155!*8 ISS 1S|®|
"Put that .hair down. III see you found guilty on tho lessor count, and ricr Jouet '71, and was on Uio pohit I .‘How does the defendant usually aC®pito the flidiuj”o*/ the^'coùrt- I only had the latter’s turret-plate,
° ThU diversion only further exasper- !imSnmcniTn achar'fof	fauSSl'Z .'very I " ‘‘Astraddle, sir.”	martia.^^	| ¦¦MÉSI
atod tho Frenchmen, who were on tho card-: harping; two or three mouths, noisv u„ock	"No, no," said the lawyer
point of falling foul of M. Leon when (jic bench would hardly give him	mean, docs ho usually walk, or trot, One broiling summer afternoon, in
he spoke still louder, in thieves' or- more_	‘	Uis mnn K00n came m with a letr or gaiiop ?”	tho year 1888, the inhabitants
ANm.OOOOUNBIX)WNUP.
‘ Honoured Sir," it said, "Master memory for facts, "when he rides a mid, rushing from their homes, be- In the summer of 3868 over 1500,-anything known against the ihas had a strokc- n° has asked I walkin' horse, he walks ; when ho hcM-a British gunboat busily bom- 000 was spent in a few days over is our master.‘‘	prisoner? wore	there anv	previous ,,,'"lccJfor y°,u_t'an >‘ou colrie at once? rides a boltin’ horse, he trots ; end	Larding the fortress. experiments designed to settle once
"it is 1, as vou see. Let us res#."	convictions» and	so forth	!Jho doctor fears poor master cannot i when he rides a gallopin’ horse, ho	Yes, there could bo no doubt about and for all the vexed <]uestion as to
"Come on. sir. " M. Leon cried ra-,	• rom rrevtous convictions sir » ,urvlv° the night. - Respectfully gallops ; when-”	% The boat in question was the the relative merits of tiio English,
h,. »...	,55.«ns? snzzrriÆs g».	A»: A new avstoalun elaove.	&rs
citing, and lull of events. I think you on the 20th March, 1875."	__imieiviln?	h\? Sa Somc timc a«° cats Würo imported her ensign thrice in what looked like took out of Woolwich Arsenal, il
may congratulate yourself that I	“He is a tickct-of-leave man then?"	,&CI,nusly uint no ws quite agitated hnto Australia to subduo the plague	ft derisive, if ceremonious salute to (February, 1880, one of tho beautiful
was there too," said M. Leon, quiet-	asked the Bench.	Sr unnerved by tüo time he reached of rabbits. Now come complaints	the dismayed and partially-dismantl- brand-new 38-ton naval guns, doubleMonsieur--V"	"Yes, sir, with one year’s sentence IV ii' m .	.	. from New South Wales and Victoria cd fortress.	charged it, and blow it to smitber.
Percy Meggitt, of Wal- still unexpired."	: sir. ismiaDie and others construed, tllat thc birds are being destroyed, FATE OF OLD WARSHIPS. ’eons. Over eighteen thousand pound!
........ «...	srv : E; f t£;E iEPE	isrir sa, e «r ;*“
Em	E™H£EB Sr JS E™ B «Sr;
etantial mark of my gratitude.	The rlerk endorsed thc chairman’s ; lliat h,s kmd f,,cnd bad ali<-atl«v pose, arc robbing tho hen-yards and deemed desirable to find out whether inclusively that the mysterious and
"Monsieur Meggitt, a man of my view.	jdc?d' ..	.	, assisting tho cats in the war on na- modern guns could be given sufficient ^^strous bursting of a sister gu.
ftamp does nut accept rewards for "Then I shall deal leniently with* v*s’ Mr" lJ<u;d> had g<?nc ofr	tiv# birds.	elevation to throw modern projec- on b°ard tb? Thunderer, some thra
doing what is right,’’ said M. Leon, the prisoner in the present case. He k/* beyond a fcw «'most unintclligi- ,	. .	4 —¦-	I tiles to thc summit of the "Rock," ?yonths earlier, was duo to similai
with dignity. 1 am more than re- will have six months’ -imprisonment :b c word:1,	|	...	so ns to effectively damage batteries	Meuble-loading,	and not to any in-
paid already," lie added, touching to commence at the termination of! Mr. Dandy’s will was short and to j	The	teacher wished to give n pro©-] there	hcrent defect in	the gun itself,
the region of his right breast-pocket, his penal servitude. That will give |tho purpose. It	dealt first with the	tical illustration of the difference be-j The Wasp proved	conclusively that
Tho gesture conveyed the idea that him nearly three years to do. Ro- possessions that	thc deceased hud	tween	big"	and	"little,”	she they	could—at	a	cost of some	$76,-
ho gloried	in an honest heart; but,	move thc prisoner."	most dearly prized—his	collection of | wrote	on the blackboard,	I see a	000. But she never fired gun again,	Friendly Italian Hotelkeeper Mink-
with fine	irony, that was lost on j	Fan chattels case was next disposed	pictures, statuary, and	articles of, do&»"	the word "dog” in	very largo	either in war or in peace. She sailed	W hands with stranger about	u
Meggitt, he really meant that lie had 0f. Her complicity was clear; wife ! vertu. These were left en bloc to the totters. All thc hands instantly went ( from from "Gib.," through thc Suez depart) : "I wish you a pieitsar.t helped himself to thc Englishman's	or no wife she was evidently thc	nation. "I have little else to leave" ; UP; nndJ-he class cried, as	with one	( to the typlioon-infestcd China seas,	journey, sir, and hope you won't	b<
purse, by	picking his pocket as lie	other's accomplice. Still, there was	the will went on, "but,	after thc fol- voicc«	/ Ecc a °	fJ hen sho	and there vanished with all hands	molested by the brigands ?"
hustled him into the cab.	nothing known against her, so the lowing legacies have been paid, % j wrote the same words, but this time from human ken for ever.	1 Guest (who has been badly flcec,f
Mr. Meggitt did not discover thc Chairman told her he would pass on- hereby appoint my young friend and |	.“fL	jLii1?* .f?"*?; ?hcrf	. Many a tirltish ironclad, after sail-	at the hotel):	"Yotir advice comci
theft till hu got out and prepared to ly a nominal sentence-fourteen protege, Percy Meggitt, residuary	“	boy	immediately cued out,	lug the sens for a generation or	too lute, my	friend tho thing i
pay the fare	Mays.	j legatee.”	I f sec a pup !	_more, has been purposely sunk for done !”
1 have been robbed he cried in) Fanchotte was also taken back to 1 A separate paragraph dealt with mingled rage and consternation. "My j the gaol, where she was to undergo the share and	partnership in thc
pocket-book is gone; I would not have lost it for worlds, and I cannot pay the liacrc."
"Do not distress yourself, monsieur. I will do that for you. Indeed," he added, sotto voce, "it is the least I can do. So good-night and good-bye, monsieur."
His first step when quite alonc'wns to take out tho Englishman's pocket-book and thoroughly overhaul its contents.
He lodked first for cash, and found several napoleons, also an English sovereign or two. There was besides j a letter of credit or circular note for £50, payable at Messrs. John Arthur's,
maid card sharping
WEDDED LOVEES.
But tho warder, who was attend-	----
ing at the interview, said that time | Czar and Czarina Without Eyes
was up. Leon and Fanchcttc ox Whor© had he como from? changed farewells, and each went was he going?
wife?
CHAPTER XXVII
It is time to lot thc reader know Whither how Percy Meggitt lirai became ac- this woman?—his qua in led with Leon Lantimvehe, alias his name?
Tuq Tetc, alias French Joe, alias the Marquis do Ojo Verde.
One evening in early April, at Faster, in fact, there was an unusual crowd in the cabaret of Pc re Barab-as in the Place Maubcrt. At one of these little tables a liltlo removed from tho rest a man sat altogether alone
Who was back to his or her own cell.
What was | Meanwhile, Mr. Percy Meggitt had
What had From the
BLOWN TO PIECES
ma
been profoundly uneasy. All that he would acknowledge was become of the Marquis? that his name was George.
"George what?" they asked him "George George."
And madame s name?"
"Thc same."

successfully resisted tho terrific impact of the enormous projectiles, but that the animals shut up inside the , big iron boxes were uninjured, nixl, 01 ' apparently, quite unconcerned.
BOMBARDING FORTS.
"I

got
Great was Ins surprise, then, when the Chairman, prior to passing sentence, asked thc usual questions: Was
Carapata
?
"Le Gros Clicne!
Don't you know me?"
"Tudieu!" cried both in has to. "It there
1
.
iy

"Meggitt, do’s, Mincing Lane

BONIFACE LED OFF
If You Have Asthma

I
Bronchite, or a Severe Cold on the Chest and Lungs, Doctors Will Point You t<
Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine as the
Most Effective Treatment.
1
/f .
For every class of disease there is one medicine which stands pre-eminent as being superior to all others. In the case of Asthma, Bronchitis, and all throat and lung ailments tho recognized treatment is Dr. Clwfle's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine. Doctors do not hesitate to say that when the patient becomes flushed and exasperated in his struggle for breath, wheezes loudly and experiences intense agony in his chest and lungs there is no preparation available that will give such prompt and thorough relief as Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine.	m ï g) jjgL S $>i
Mrs. George Budden, Putnamvillt, Ont., says:—"I feel it my duty to recommend Dr. Chase's Syru# of Linseed and Turpentine, as I had the Asthma very bad; could get nothing to do me any good. A friend of mine persuaded me to try this remedy, as he had tried it, and it proved successful. I tried it and it cured me. I am thankful to-day to say I am a well woman through the use of this remedy. I keep it in the house all the time and would not bo without it.”
Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine is so well known In the homes of Canada that It seems cessary to add ftti er comment, but a word of warning may b# needed linseed and turpentine, imitations of Dr. Chase's. Be sure the portrait and signature of Dr. A. W. Chase are on the bottle you buy. Twenty-five cents a bottle; family sise, three times as much, 60c, AU dealers An Edmansen, Bates A Co., Toronto,
\


4

r

4
"Fourteen hundred francs! What else have we? papers, letters, notes of little affairs. A man of method, this Meggitt, and business-like, but perhaps a little imprudent. Too
much d. U1L *	HOMtM .uriMn-'Wfc. ...n i (Ml Ml iHUsfc^Imm.di.t.i. te iti. hm
AMur^rsii’awJnArcjiïiJfflar'b.TÆ"1

GB
There are other preparations ol

as be
t
t





Is


I

###PAGE###7###
t
y
;
i**	-?« ?»	*****
Lady Mary’s feature.
u f #.


V
:J
6®

1
1

p



M
MN
m TME
CHRISTMAS
DINNER
i *	>
|	A STORY OF CHRISTMAS EVE-	I
Vfr I**..
4



F


HL ™@JJ!
¦eisE; ”œ*
iîT^tÏÏÎXÎ	= Æ'Æ :2 .Uf.'Sffll*1' And Uibib ...ore them ail	U-^WÏ StfS
of danger ‘	ff ,nS 18 honorable when tho very bisli-	Did his enemy give him meat, Lo 1,10 bones ,n a kettlo of cold threads, then poured slowly
There had been a light «nawfali in °pS buy thcir bishoprics of the King's "Minc enemy's tower !" he said,	And bread of tho finest wheat, Watcr' a“d, brown in the remaining whites of three eggs and b I
2, ssss2~s	....... M-,u- -¦ • ~	ss.i'ssr*
hv h masterful win» ..... . hnrcnti lul roinpuny	would	be no great	com-	*0 bo had from a shard or stone,	* ben he was brought to a	room	I bl9« wlarrow and ad» bilo the soup,	pint	oi whipped cream, one teuspoon-
thouLdi no better than thnv «hmdd fort*" 8,10 started.	Or meat from a wolf-gnawed bone,	''here rugs were soft on	tho floor,	add \/ew «ticks of Culory. a sprig	ful	of vanilla and one half cupful
have l ean m„,i, f«ir hPnrtwL ... ,t lt was duJ1 ftt home," said Mas- Or hope in the heart, of hell!"	A«d a fire made fair the gloom ; ??lb of parslcy and SWOct marjoram— curb of seeded raisins, currants, Kng-
bv four of the cLck had r™d hï lCf Itichard>	driv^	to	repeat	him-	,	A“d warned with a stern behest	thc ,resh !eavoa if Possible-nnd sim-	lish	walnuts and almonds and can-
Dart Of Ihn rfi In !n I J ' Bc,u	Pcl ,l« stocrod him sheer on the flaro	. 0t tho sacred rights of	a guest,	mcr 1?,,.r hours; then add one table-	died	cherries. The currants and rais-
Within ffvo .nn.«a nf «hn ivinn^, %» "lt Would be duller in a cell at	With a "Hero or there, Mis one! A guard was set nt the door.	*Poon/ul of salt, six peppercorns and ins should be plumped into boiling
ni i (‘til v «7 t hnthm.r ln ml « nth ‘ t * Newgate," said Lady Mary; and with A corpse in tho morning air,	_	s,x ^oves, simmer another hour, and water, four this mixture at once
..„5k ,	r 7	l“*1 be that they both fell silent.	Frozen as rigid as steel.	Through tho black night-watches long !pour through a colander and cheese- into a mold, cover with paraffin pa-
son uuiix imu uigun lo iau.	As the mure was obliged to carry 0r a form on gibbet or wheel—	Did he wait on sleep, but when	cloth into a jar. In the morning re- per, put on the cover, seal with hud
---	double she made way but slowly, ! What matters it how Tis done V* Camo the peal of the matin song	move the fat, clear the Jcny with uround the edge to prevent salt-
Lady Mary leaning back among her	and it was an hour before they camé j	•	No slumber had kissed his brow; ^gg-white and shell, and when ready	water from creeping In. pack in
rugs and furs looked eagerly out of	in sight of the lights of the	Manor I	c,ftnffo4 a summons clear,	So	he	girded himself, for now	to servc beat, fill the plates and put	and rock-salt, and leave it three or
tho window for familiar landmarks, and rode up the long avenue under I	keeping his grip on hate;	The sunlight lay on the fen.	one spoonful of whipped cream mixed four hours to ripen; then remove
The land thereabout is ruffled up in- tho bare beech-trees.	j And ho wavered not to hoar	^	with beaten egg-whites and salt on from the mold, place it on a glass
to ridges quite bare of trees and When they were within ear-shot of A word from a tongue abhorred— Then once more did his foe	oacb one* piling it up so as to look round dish and garnish with holly,
moor-like, and the long road skirting thc house Lady Mary motioned Mas- . Thcn back swung the outer ward, Proffer him drink and food;	,lk* a snowball.	ft a round bomb-mold is used it will
fts it does these heights is in some ter Bullock to stop •*! will cet I And his enoirv stood in the gate. Forth to tho court below	Jhc turkey may have a plain bread look quite like a snowball, especially
places uncommon dreary. Whatever down here," she said and she iddcd I ^	Did hi® cncmv lead the way, or 9^cct Potato stuffing if the chest- if thc fruit is kept well toward the
Lady Mary's thoughts were, they with a touch of mischief In her voice E?$S upon burning eye*	Where as one for a fray,	|ntut f,ax'or 18 not J,ked; if plain it centre. Serve with a sauce made of
were interrupted very suddenly by a "I am obliged to vou for hrimrinJ .r^Ullff 119 when war-fires rule	Chafing, a charger stood.	(should bo debcately seasoned with bananas. Boil one cupful of granu-
sharp crack, as or thc extra loud me."	*	b K L,lder the angry skies ;	jherbs, leaving sage out altogether. la ted sugar with two of water until
snapping of a whip. Tho chaise	Master Richard gave her	-, hand	Tbc11!.1 oro tho	wrath-flame died.	“Hato-It	is burned into shame ;	Mh.® chestnuts for the garnish arc	it threads, pour this into the well-
stopped with a jerk. As tho occu- down. "I wish you a Morrie Christ	,„AVol^mo !" his cncmy cried.	Scorn—of myself is tho scorn ;	boiled until tender, but not soit, bouton yolks of two eggs, add the
pant put out her head to inquire the mas," he said, soberly.	*or «•» 18	eve of Yule."	Blame!—I	confess the blame;	thon dipped in some of the consomme	mashed pulp of six ripe bananas, and
cuuse a man upon norseback rode up "True enough " said Ladv Marv" t *	..	.	,	Vengeance is thine !" he said,	ra(;ltC(1 with u suspicion of gala- enough lemon juice to ghe flavor;
to tho side of the carriage and she what with the adventure of ridimr I UrT° banf|uet-hall	v And with averted head	,n* Jbey arc a pretty addition to just a suspicion of suit is an nJ
found a pair of pistols thrust into with a real highwayman l hnrt wnii >Ie Wa8 bl(l 09 a chosen guest ;	IIe rodo out into the mom.	| the turkey, and arc just a little more provcmcnl. This sauce may be used
her face.	nigh forgot that it was Christmas! ----------------------—----------------------------------rcf,n?d than a sausage garnish The hot and passed after the plum-pud-
rsr&r-—ie— ss -•-—i sses h
to scream. At this thc rider him-	___ which served as racks for guns and "And if" «nid	n.... . ;‘L.'.cry u,lite cream sauce lla\oi ed (ate white cake covered with icmg,
soil* appeared no less startled than	,	•	fishing rods. Here was a gay com- boldly "if* I do this Jimi ..U 1! with a few drops of lemon-juice, lliv then rolled in cocoa nut, is an addi-
his victim, for he ncld back a pace	dark lT	u* hCad in	Pany* 1Je9idos ihe family, tho	scr-	come	back	inav	1x4 for the hand Î*,	, *** *ll,y' bUt thfy lo°A nv !ion to 1,10 ^lielic aspect of our
And lowered the pistols. Then, peer-	5	n5aAUCSS;	lt 1S	an	111 way to	vants had all come in, and an	old	that	this has covered	haud ther pretty, so we must have them feast, but not to the material,I
Madam.’’ says he. "I have made l'°™c ,in ”,U,1 m=-V 8h? averred.	Lady Mary led off with the keep- the nieht	^ ^	°Ut mt° tl,c sticks . of. whit0 8oliltin ,m<1 lady apples, peppermint wafers and
it blunder. 1 mistook your carriage |	,'s tl l( 1,ir<	^a,Jghed.	And risk	or s son, and Master Richard danced	plunge again into the hot fat until , bonbons and little Herman cakes cal-
for that of Lord Craven, of Coven-11, ,gi,Somo	who	wi|l recognize	with a sour-faced old lady who	was	.	- 1,10 £elutin 8tlcks bave all popped, j led pcppcinuts-will be really unne-
try, who should be* riding this way."	1 10 spot;	aunt to the family. But If his hand	Now, for	those readers who hold	uf course, no one will eat the trim-	cessary adjuncts, for they will hardly
By this time Lady Mary had some-	,	.	„ , ,ger, 18	b,,l‘	Dttle,	and,	af-	touched hers now and again in the	that tt «tory is worth little without	although they are not bad,	be eaten. This menu, if carefully
what regained her composure, and in ,.U <l ’ 1 ^ danger that you court, reel his eyes were all for tho niece; 11 conclusion, I set down parts of but the balls should be all right. carried out zuay not be perfection, the dim light she looked nt her cap- I Lom(!’l you ®ba.n ,spc,ld your Christ- and at the end of tho dance he left threc documents, which bear dates in But whatever is left out, the salad but it is hoped it will surely "skirt Ho was a youngish man with	mus	1 L‘ 11 Christian.	the aunt with some abruptness and	forties.	The first is a grant of	should not bo "it for the salad, it	it" at least. When wo think we have
little trace of his calling in his	As	u,cy talked	they	were	walking	6°t to the, Lady Mary's side.	knighthood	conferred by His Most	an Appropriate one, is the "it" in u	reached perfection it is time to stop
lace. Mayhap it was something shei*(,Wa,d fho house and before Master	_______	H various Majesty King (Jeorgo II. on successful dinner L very thing under talking and writlog and reading
saw there that made her say, "Since i ^lcbard could think "Yea or "Nay"	ono Hi chard Bullock, r;sq., for gal- tho sun is now pn‘ss°d into service, about food, for perfection is the end
you cannot rob Lord Craven you can t,ie door	swung open	to them, and ‘ 1 hope you enjoy your evening," Iant conduct on the field of Betting-	do duty as a salad, and I believe, of all mundane things, One of thel
rob me, for 1 have a purse and jew- roar	of laughter,	tho smell of sa*d that lady, as she smiled into cn on that day when the little Fng-	^	1 ho test of tho entire dinner, old philosophers said many centuries
els "	-	I baked meats and the cncer of the Mastcr Richard's face.	Hah king so severely defeated tho phe hostess should contrive to give ago that lie had discovered that
The highwayman bowed again. "I warm house rushed to greet their “ 'Twcre enough to make one an French Army; the second is a deed of a personality by artistic touches in- lived to eat and it wa* too laic then liavc not yet got so far as robbing senscs- Master Richard Bullock lift- honest man," he answered, as ho a house and lands in Warwickshire dividual to herself throughout, but for him to remonstrate with so lime-women," he said.	cd his nostrils as lio smelt supper, drew her a little to the side to where R*om ono Ashley Clinton to Sir Rich-I sh°	chances \sith her salad worn a custom. Now we have dis-
As he spoke there was a clatter of ai|d he had no more thought of go- tho window bayed, put back the cur- ard Bullock, dated January of the | !hat would bo extremely hazardous covered that there are many in this fioofs on the opposite side of tho car- ing back.	Ills horse	went to a ser- I Ulin and looked out into the night; year 3,774, and the third is an entry j,ri	aa^ otlier course. ihcrefore, let j hygienic century who cal to live, so
ilttge. Tho frightened postboy had van^; a minute more	and he was and then, though his heart was full under June 17 of tho same year, in	tbc s,ad be a novelty, but not an this menu should be so perfect in <lo-
laken the opportunity of thc parley taking hands with a bluff, round of apocch, ho could not bring one /be parish register of Hampton-in-!absurd one* Tho contents thereof tail and yet so simple in elTort that to escape on one ofzthe horses. The man who was the Lord of the Manor !Word to his tongue. At last "I did Arden of the marriage of Lady Mary j umy n^vor be guessed, but there the disciples of both these creeds Pilier had been shot dead. *	and Lady Mary was explaining that deserve such good treatment," Chudleigh to Sir Richard Bullock, «.ould be congru ity at least. A dc-j shall bo appeased and satisfied,
the chaise had been set upon i>y high- said he. "Why did you ask mo to AH of which plainly shows that good “Clous novelty is a mixture of can-
As Lady Mary realized tho silua- Wliymen* but that this gentleman come?"	j often grows out of evil, and that to|%	PT*
lion she stamped her foot. "Here is had rescued her and brought her *a	Christmas time all thc , exercise tho Christmas spirit even to ,J nf ,L' dra,ned aad cooled, then mixed
a pretty mess indeed I	As well be ! borne. This of course made much ,for,d aro friends."	one's enemies is like to bring happi- w,ta cuf.. ,not. choppcd) walnut-
robbed as left upon a lonely road at taIk forr thc company, who looked ,	1 would 1 migbt have you for my ™*s all round.	Jh^Lî5uU d,r^. *“ ,a marj
Ibis time of night, and five miles upou Mafltor Richard ns a hero; but jfr^nd always," he answered.	_*_ hnnr*f™1 °	g for
Irom home!"	to him it was all one if they said | JiVen ftS ho spoke there was a mur-	|,	' ¦	... .
Î3I5T tt z&tMmmm H“,T " raAKCE	tssrjs
Lome iu time for the Christmas sup- 8tood 1 here, a slight little figure, the j Cur friend who ran away lias re-	cotico in Hospitals.
front of her jacket thrown back her turned/' said Lady Mary. "But he J Thn TOln_	,
IsliHilkSfSss fengg! :
She cast a look at	the mure he Presence	of this lady. And,	though	xolco Henabled,	lie will not touch	I amount of morphine taken in
head which sent the	blood	to her he held	Ins head high and	carried	you. \ou arc a	Christmas guest."	Sessional and society circles is
rode, and a thought popped into her P'Jinseli with a suggestion of brava- I 1 J,ut ho will not, but it is be- I considerable, nnci added that cheeks; but she was a girl who acted do, a shame for his trade had taken	cause	I will	not	give	him	the	were his best customers,
hard upon impulse and she gave hold of him.	j chance." said Master Richard, quiet- Dr. Paul Rodct, head of the well-
voice to it.	'	A servant led him to n room where I And his voice did not tremble, for | known liydrotherapoutic cstablish-
‘ Will the mare carry double?" he made what hasty toilet lie could; had put his hand down and touch- nient in tho Rue Boileau, instances as Tho man hesitated, as if he hud but all the while it was the vision e< bcr9,	| deeply addicted to the drug women
not heard aright.	of Lady	Mary that he saw	in the L. T0U ,?aa go by	tld8 door and tho	of fashion, army men and colonials,
if she will not," said	Lady	Mary, mirror, and it was the tinkle	of her j	./T101!* ’	journalists and politicians, and med^
you will have to walk and lead tlio voice that seemed everywhere about I * An<l kow wdl you explain?"	leal men.
mare while I ride, for I am going to him uh ho made his way to supper. “I shall tell the truth; but by then 1 Dr. Jacquet adds to this list Paris be at home in two hours."	The house was as full of guests us you m^ust have ridden out of dan- I working girls, milliners and dress-
Hn this Master Richard Bullock a great house .is iu Uiu Christmas	makers^ to whom chemists sell	mor-
laid back bis head and laughed, and season, and Master Richard looked	They	slipped	out a	rear	door	and I	phine too freely, and both medical
his voice was so round and merry	sharply about him for a familiar | into a big kitchen. It was deserted, linen	are	agreed	that	stricter	mea-
that Lady Mary fell into his humor	face. But he saw none, so ho made | for the servants were In the great	aures should	be enforced	with a	view
and • laughed too, a rippling, bub- his mind easy, accepted very gra-1 hall; there were no candles, but the to staying the terrible ravages of bling. provoking laugh, of a sort to clously the compliments of the ladies, log made a dim flicker of light. All J this dangerous habit, set a man’s heart thumping and his	and by the side of Lady Mary made about lay remnants of the servants'
blood dancing.	a most valiant meal, for he had eat- feast; on the table were mugs with
You shall ride, My Lady," an- en nothing since morning. He even the dregs of homebrewed :	on the,	.
swered Master Richard. With a jerk responded in some sort to a toast, mantel was a Jar of spiced wine. |	‘	'	** ' ‘ uney 1	,
iïüs ü?ssLttsü: fcsjft s aw%sff^	n,c,,"d
to the crupper and gave Lady Mary called himself happy but for a horri-j «'The health of Lady Mary Clmd- danger '	»	01 m out
a land to the saddle, where ho stead- ble doubt which had crept into hisileigh," said he, "and may the Christ- “tviiut nre
mmmMM SsEESlpilEi
A
Si
e>! G
X
V
fl



\h. /1
itiV

km
w ' / / \ .

J


a'f'Tnt
* f 'T'"’
SK
S
%
y
mm
'
&


un n ores-
sumo
tu.s le
V/


¦:A
f
re-
nncl when it
over (he eaten un-
one
ICO
for
more
tor
men
COOKING UNDER WATER
A wager was made by a resident of London that lie could cook a plum pudding ten feet beneath the surface of the River Thames, won the bet by placing thc" pudding in a tin case and putting the whole in a sack of limn. The heat of the lime, slacking when it came in 1 tact with
one
then be put into halves of
He
of
yellow
lemon
on leaves of very white lettuce and
cuticle
con-
the water, was sufficient to cook Hie pudding iu two hours.
these
per !
' 1
am tlit*

i
use
B
r»
V/• <*
V
i
IS
pro-
very women
lé±
1
l*


\
r-zT. ^
1
\
«I




l
'à
i

-m I*
x


y
/
fii
OVER THE DANCER LINE.
—y
$


/
i
of



you talking about?"
T!
t
a
n-


)

ATTACKING SANTA CLAUS.



###PAGE###8###
E. HODCINS # SO fi1' A DVT.
STEWART'S
BOOTiSHOESTORE.
\ IVJerry Christmas
Bargain Hunters’ Delight.
» •• ? n.
.. and
• e
- • •
\ Happy flew Year
We have just received another small lot of
OUR FAMOUS
0

to you
is the wish of
H. IVjcCUIRE
Men’s Overcoats
9
A Treat for
Thrifty Buyers.
Navy Beaver at $4,00.
The
i
Busy
Tailor.
Grey Union Flannel
9
#
13 Cents per yard.
Something’ Swell.
News of the War.
A-
Oil Tan Moccasins :
Ladies* Dongola Boots, laced and buttoned ; real good, fashionable and well made at
I
O
K ITCH EMU TAKES TH* FIELD.
London, Dec. 12.—A despatch to the Telegram from Pretoria states that Gen. Iso Hamilton has ser ved there and that Gen Kitchener hiS taken the field and is directing the movements of the British troops.

$1.25 a pair. These Boots compare favorably with
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
98c.
Men’s - -Men’s No. 1 Men s Long Top - 2.50.
Boys’ - ¦
Children’s
-AND-
$1.25.
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION %YS.
our regular two dollar goods
?
fell'KDER BY BOMB
London, Dec. 11.—Lord Kitchener's promised •‘atement specifying 37 separate ^	. instances in which,natives have been shot
1 QQ ¦ by the Boers end which involves the loss *	® of 84 lives was issued by the war office to-
night. In some of the cases mentioned the blacks were shot after an informal court-martial or upon being accused of spying, but in numerous instances Lord Kitchener ii d cttfi the natives were shot in cold blood in order to hide traces of movements of B >er commandos. The period cove?el by Lird Kitchener's state ment is over ote y tar.
MORTALITY IN CAMPS.
\
-I
Remember our price, 0„ly $1.25.
Xmas and New Year :: HOLIDAYS ::
75c

Our Xmas Novelties
coming’ early in
December
One First Class Fare Dec. 24 and
25, good returning not later Dec. 26th, 1901, also on Dec 21st, 1901, and Jan. 1, 1902, good returning from destination not later than
Jan. 2, 1902.
?
?
Men’s Long-top
Hard Beefslyn MoCCâSilïS !
Londo-1, Djc. 12 —In a speech at Glasgow yesterday, the war stcretary,
Mr. b rod nek, oid that the time had | Qne first-Class Fare and One-Third
come when he was able to do what he wished respecting the concentration camps in Siuth Afric*. He proposed to break up the western camps, to reduce the numbers of all of them, and to send the over flow from the Orsnge River Co'ony ii.t > the Cape Colony, and from the Transvaal into Natal. He hoped to provide permanent shelters at the coast, but it must not be expeceed, considering the people’s habits, that the mortality wou'd bo reduced to the normal rate of a British town Mr. Brodrick did not defend the concentration campe ai such but ai military ne-	m
essentiel. They had proved tie moat TO Teachers and pupils of
difficult problem ever undertaking in tie schools aild Colleges, Oil SUl-annals of war, and has been carried	. ° \	t
through with credit to British humanity. | render Ol Standard form Of
school vacation railway certificate, signed by Principal at lowest one way first class fare and one third from
E. HODGINS & SON
Dec. 31st, 23rd, 24th and 25th, 1901, good returning not later than Jan. 3rd 1902, also on Dec. 28th, 30th, 31st, 1901, and Jan. 1st, 1902, good returning not later than Jan. 3rd, 1902.
1
Three Rivers Brand - -
$2.25.
SCHOOL VACATIONS.
Guns,
Rifles,
Ammunition,
ARMSTRONG BROS
Overshoes :


GEN. BOTHA BLOCKED IN BY RAILWAYS
AND BLOCK H «USES.
New York, Dec. 12—Its correspondent cibles the Tribune from London : Lord Kitchener has not had to we it long fur some result of hte new plan of operations against Botha. By cinstructing a line of blockhouses between Greylingatadt on the Natal and Johanneafcerg railway, and Burg«pruit, on the Delagoa Bay line, he has had B tha's force enclosed in an area of 10,000 square miles, with, roughly speaking, a hundred miles of protected railway forming the north side, a hundred miles of blockhouses the west aide, a hundred miles of railway the south aide and the Swaziland border the eiat side. Over this restricted country British columns are now moving, and yesterday Lord Kitchener was inabled to report the capture of practically the whole Bethel commando by General Bruce Hamilton. Seven Boers were killed and 181 taken prisoners. As in the case of the capture of the laagarat Oshoek lait week. General Hamilton surprised the commando after * night march. Lord Kitchener sent the news from Standerton, where ha presumably went to direct the operation*.
DE wet’s FORCE BROKEN UP.
London, Dec. 12 —The correspondent the of Tim a at Pretoria says the Bo i force which was concentrated under DeWet in the Orange River Colony, and was hovering around the line of blockhouses between Kranstad and Bindley, has been broken up by Broad wood and Dying. De Wet. Steyn, and about one hundred min had previously withdtawn south.
The Celebrated
GRANBY Overshoes for Men, Women and Children.



Dec. 7th to 31st, 1901, inclusive, tickets good returning not later than Jan. 20th, 1902.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
Cen. Pass- Agent-
9
1
ever increasing sale of Overshoes is a sufficient
Our these
guarantee that the Goods and Prices are Right.
¦5
HUM
I
LADYSMITH.
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT,
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
J
P. S.—Hardware. '
On and after October 13th. 1901, and until further notice, train services will be as follows :
EASTERN DIVISION.
Traîna leave OTTAWA. Central Depot. 8.30 A.M. Dally, for Rockland, Hawks-bury, Valleyfleld. Montreal. Qnebec, Ht.-John, Halifax and all points on I. C. R. Arrives Montreal II. 45a. m., stops at all intermediate C. A. H. stations ; has parlor car Ottawa to Montreal.
4 10P-M. Dally except Sunday, for Rockland. Hawkesbury, Montreal. Quebec and all polnlfl east, arrive* mont real 7. 25 p. m. Stops at oil Intermediate O. A. R. stations. Connects at Coteau Jot. with Grand Trunk Ky, for all points west. Has parlor car, Ottawa to Montreal
4-10 P- M. Daily except «nnday, for New York, Boston, all points in New England Valleyfleld and stations sonib of the Ht. Lawrence river Ha* thrnngh sleeping car Ottawa to New York via Rutland R. R
Trams arrive Ottawa, Central Depot. 11.45 A. M. Dally except Sunday and 7.25 p. ro. Daily.
Felt Roods :
Reliability I
Our stock of Felt Goods is complete in all sizes for men, women and children, and the price is just as comfortable as the goods.
KMART WORK OF OEN. HAMILTON.
London, Dec.14 —Reporting t> the War Office from Pretoria, under date of yesteaday, Lord Kitchener says :
“ Bruce Hamilton after a long night march, surprising H et Vilj <en’s laager at dawn December 13, at Wjtkraens, 26 miles northwest of Brmelo killed sixteen Boer* and captured 76 arme! priaonere. Many others were wounded and left at farms. He also recaptured one of Benson’s guns, the other having been destroyed. Two field cornets are among the prisoners The re captured gun is in good order, and was used against the recreating enemy ”
R gbt Hod. W. St. John Brodrick, secretary of state for war, wired the government’s congratulations upon General Hamilton’s brilliant achievement.
DELA KEY'S MEN ABB READY TO SURRENDER.
Pretoria, D*c. 14.—It is r«ported that the burghers under Gen. Delarey had a meeting at wh ch they requested their commander to e ffer to eurrrnd# r on coedition that the British would undertake to rebuild their homes. Gen. Del* re? t<ld the men that it was useless to offer to surrender, except unconditionally. !? was decided to take the m^t'er under consideration for • wevk when another meet-i»g wi 1 be held.
There is nothing on the face of the earth in which it is easier to be deceived than in jewellery. The public know nothing about jewellery and are just as liable to buy a poor as a good article if left to themselves. Their only safeguard is to buy from a reliable j eweller to whom they can return the goods if not satisfactory. Don’t be deceived by the shine of the article and remember that no one sells good dollars for 75 cents.
— 0
Middle and Western Divisions.
Arnprlor. Renfrew, Exranvtlle, Pembroke, Madawaska, Parry Bound and Intermediate stations.
Traîne leave Ottawa,Central depot, dally except Sunday.
8 25 A. M. Express for Pembroke Parry Hound and intermediate et lions.
100 P M. Mixed for Madawaska and Intermediate «tâtions.
4.40 P. M. Express for Pembroke. Mad-awaaka ami Intermediate station*.
Train* arrive OUawr. Dally exoe»t Ran-day. 11.15 a. m„ ?. 45 p. m. and 4. Oft p. m.
Ratlrond>ud Hlvumshlu tickets fox tale to all points.
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
M. STEWART,
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Russell Boose Block
OOIL ELGIN AND SPARKS 8T*.
*
SHAWVILLE.
• #
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
e #
To*re is a rote tree w«'h a trunk two feet nine ir.ctu s in circumference in » Ventura garden in California. List it yielded over 21,000 blossom*.

# e
# #

- - SHAWVILLE.
y»»r
MAIN STREET -












	
t

