###PAGE###1###
I
PAGE (S) 4BÏMEE (S)
i
'll
J,

!


»
1
L ¦ vr
à ÊM


{
A ' y J* • •
;
(
/
<
(

/

’

!

A
The BauiTY.


No. 27 —18th Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, DEC. 20,	1000.
81.00 a Yeah in Advance.

villii'gv uf Qnyiin.
I". I’. I .uf i nul, I! i|.. Miiym uf tin-nlii|> of \liltield.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE.
tun II
1900
1900
It look» somewhat liko » inter hero now and wu have quite a lot of siime, and '*	r-s*p, Mayor of the township
('oulonging ha* eoiimiuetvd »n u small [ norno.
scale. Sworal 1<inds of produce passed 1 cl 1	1 111-* Mayor of flit united
hero thin wwk.	town lii|Mof Leslie, Clapliani, &c.t
Mews. Mortimer, for Mcwr*. John formiii;/ n ipioruni of the Council umlor ('alder A Co., Hamilton, ami W. Crow#, the presidency of the Warden, representing A. W, Ault A Vo,, Ottawa, The min if, of last acumen wore read were amongst their customer* hero Tuev ami adopted on motion of Mayor Keu-day, and registered at the Otter Lake nedy, seconded hy Mayor Graham.
House.	The See-Treasurer informed the Coun-
Mr, Vic. Kelly, of the Bay View Hotel jeil that Mr. Harry lird been instructed to was at the Otter Lake House Monday ^ make a demand on Mr. V. I.afretnier for ami Tuesday.	, the amount duo for the maintenance of
Mr. David Dunam, of the Hay, has his son in the Lunatic Asylum Mr. gone to the woods near here with a gang l.afrender replied that in case lie should of men.	he obliged to do so ho would pay from
Mr. I). Quinn, of Vinton, was at the the first of March next. The Sec.-Trous. Otter Lake House on Wednesday.	also stated that Miss M. A. Hudgins, of
Mr. P. McNally, of the Hay, was at Shaw ville, had paid *50 on account of Vlspham on Wednesday,	the amount due for maintenance uf Mrs.
Mr. John Moorhead, of the Bay, clerk VV. II. Hudgins in the asylum for the for the Gillies’ Bros., went up to that year 1*1 Hi, out uf her own funds, as her company's limits Tuesday with some more brother had no means and was unable to
pay anything.
The Sec.-Treasurer also stated that he had paid the amount voted hy this Council for expenses of plow men attending the plowing match at Ottawa,
To P. Fitzpatrick for the two ploughmen from Agricultural Society, No. 2, *1*1.00, and to Wm. Harden and John McDow-in Mr. Win. Moore's hell on the 20th is ell from Agricultural Society No, 1, *5.00 going to lie good. Sans Ceremonie. each.
Held Office ;
milwcrtbetl .................$1,W4 ,P0V.
..................... i,7si.<ko.
lint .................................. 1.408,81V.
OTTAWA, CANADA.
V
OP CANADA.
Heard of Directort :
CHRISTMAS!
Chaules Mauke, Esq., Pmident. j CAPITAL Okokok Hay, K.sq., Vino- Prn«idont.	^
ÆLî; RESERVE FUND, -
- $6,000,000. 2,600,000.
•IJ
ÜKNN1H MUKPHV, Ë«Q.
Head OHIce, • Montreal.
OBOROEBCRN.......
X). M. Kl N ML .. ..
.. .. GoiitifâlMnnâgtr • # «• .. Manager.

Branches •
IN ONTARIO :
KiMWHtin, îoinark, KemptviUe, Parry Sound, Mattuwa, IVrahruke, Ottawa.	Rât Portage,
do Hank Ht. Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto, Vankleek II III, Smith'* l’alla. IN MANITOBA :
SHAN'T ILLE HIM N (II.
Interesting News for Christmas Shoppers.
Money loaned on approved security al reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and eoller'ed. Money transferred to all partant the world. SAVINGS BANK.
Aecounta opened for amounts of one dollar» and upwards and interest allowed. Owes Hours . . lo a.m.tos p.m.
HATCH DA YS , . . 10AM.TOlP.lt.
F. A. BARKER, Manager.
Alexiuidrla,
Ani|irtnr,
Avonmiire,
Hrwrbrldge,
Uerleteu
Place,
Hawkenbtiry,
Wlnnliwg,
Dtiitl'hln,
Portage T.a Prairie.
To every man, woman and child within reach we extend a Christmas Greeting and a cordial invitation to visit our store.
IN QUEBEC: Hull.
Laohut*.
m , tn el,
Aarent* in Canada, Now York and Chicago— Hank of Montreal.
Agtet* in St. Paul -Merchant* Nat. Hank. Agent# in London, Eng.—Parr'a Bank Ltd.
1
men.
Rev. Mr. Ltmnnis went up the Pickan-ock Thursday.
Messrs. V. A . Moure and .la*. Robb arrived up from Kazuhnzua <m Friday.
Mr. Jonn Mousseau jiaeseo up on Friday en route fur McLaren & McLaren'».
Miss Lowe's concert and entertainment
as follows, viz :
Church Services.
' METHOmâr CHUROH. Pastohs-Rpv. W. Bowman Tucker, M.A., Ph. 1). Rev. W. R. Johnston.
Hkhvickn every Sabhalh at 10.80 a.m ; 7,p.m. Hunitay School at 9 30, a. m.
Bpwortb I.ensue. Monday evening ntS.iKl. I ailles' Prayer Meeting, Tuesday 7/"', p.m. General Prayer Meeting. Friday, 7.80, p.m. Everyone welcome.
“ Wf]at shall I Buy for Xmas ?”
Tliis is a puzzling question, and it i business to help you out of the difficulty.
LOCAL NEWS.

»
A choice array of Christman presents nt the Drug Store. See them.
Protests have been tiled against Thomas Birkett and N. A. Belcourt, M. P’s for - ittawn.
A Xmas tree and concert will lie held n Pint Grove School, North Clarendon, Dec. 21st, 1900. A good program, î'i une.
is our
Mayor Mooney moves, seconded hy Mayor Lafoml, that no action lie taken to establish the line between Bristol and Clarendon until Special Superintendent Duff's report is received.—Carried.
Mr. 11. I». Cowan, editor of the Ottawa Valley Journal, was
GREERMOUNT.
WE HAVE NOW ON VIEW A LARGE STOCK OF NOVEL, USEFUL, SEASONABLE/ AND PLEASURE-GIVING ARTICLES . . . FOR HOLIDAY TIME. . . .
Mrs, Mitchell, of the Ka/.ubazua, is visiting among her friends.
Mis» L misa Judd has taken her sister’s place in her brother » shanty. Miss E;la Judd’s health does not seem to be ini-
A nice Xmas present for grandma would lie a family group. We take them.	II. Imison.
Mr. H. S. Dowd has purchased the bankrupt stock of Ritchie & McAdam, of proving.
(jUy,in	The coni minion era intend viaitiug
SaSf-
Wood taken in exchange for photos at The Ladies’ Aid met at Mrs. J. Hod. H. Imison s studio.	gm»’ last week. Although the road»
Read the adv’t on 5th page of W. T were in a bad condition the Aid was wi ll Karl, of the Palace Grocery, if you arc in «"ended. Their number has been en» search of something nice for Xmas. larged to twelve. Miss Della Lummis
joined last week and they will, therefore.
Posters are out announcing the anni- ,ui longer b« able to give it the title of versary tea meeting of the Methodist “ The Old Womens' Aid."
Church to take place on Christmas night.
The principal feature of the evening will ho a lecture by Rev. Mr. Grenfell, of Arnprior. Admission, 25 cents.
Wo enlarge photos, tiring your old photos to Imison if you want a copy or a crayon portrait taken from them. Wo make the best for the least money. All
permitted by the Warden to address the Council in behalf of a scheme to hold auction sales of pure bred stock in 1 ittawn, the first sale to take place in February. He suggests that this Council vote a sum of seventy-live dollars, to be paid in prizes to purchasers.
> second contingent has left Cape by steamer Roslyn Castle and is xpevbed to reach Halifax about 7th an nan
See our Xmas presents before buying. No trouble to show goods.
The Ditt o Store.
Como
Our Christmas Groceries can’t be beat.
After thoroughly discussing the matter
i-iTv lu'.. li'21X*w‘lihu omn.'!i In Staple and Fancy Dry Goods and Furs we are
£ showins »ful1 of New Goods.
KffV&S SP„e.?ial Holiday and Presentation Goods in elegant next fein-ir-ry: of tins amount fifty doi oilverwa,r6, dainty China, Leather and Celluloid
Go?dii Dol\?^e\T7s’ 5°°k*- wSilk
ty buying the eve highest pm-e.1 imiis. ! &ncl if ancy H d kfs, Belts, Purses, Neckwear, and twenty-five dollars offered in prize- Hits and Gloves, and hundreds of nice things
"! we can’t mention here.
Parties from the county taking advan ^ ,, j *>
tageof these prizes must agree in the vSi! Qïlti oCG I r ,	¦ rtlib	/
case of the purchaser of bulls not to chiv : • more than two dollars for the service r such an ..als, anil in the ease of ; hoars a fee not to exceed one dollar for I ,,,.	, .	,,	,	,, .	, .. each service. All parties must agree to
. "mchin<.ry *,ir Ui.0	’• keep such animals in liie county for a
idirn‘. m operation four miles from .here,	„f at k..ist tw„ ycars.
arrived a short time ago, and expect, y„ls. sloan, Ed. Dan,'or,1, T. there will lie work for more men before Larivierru. Wm. Mooney, Jas. Adams, .
Thos. McKarlane, and E. Graham. 7 Nays.—I-’. C. DeZouche, K. P. Lafoml,
D. Kennedy, Geo. Dagg, D. Moure, aud W. 11. Meredith.—ti. The motion declared.—Carried
Get your Xmas photos now. irly ami it will give us a better chance i please you.	H. 1 M isos.
Mr. T. ti. Draper, (whowith his family moved from here to his farm in the nix settlement, a couple of weeks ago), laid up with inflaiamation of the igs.
‘J 1ERV —Who is going to have the dis-gwished honor this year of presenting i Editor with s ,12-pound gobbler for Xmas dinner.
/
ViuLBT AND Pansy.
MASSEY STATION.
Dec. 10th. —Quite a change in the weather this weak. W e have been having mild and rainy Weather, but has turned quite cold.
J. Wilson, of Shawville, wae hw a farm
Ymimencing with Dec. #ththe weather have been experiencing is the sever¦ work guaranteed. fOi [ 1 ”s sc - at wo have expel j years pas’
« Xiidoraon ,.f t lead-1 a call last Thursday from two prominent officials of the New York & Ottawa Railroad.- They were Mr. <1. II Phillips, (Jen. I’h.ss. Agent, and II. It, (Jays, Asst. (J. P. Agent of tho road mentioned. These gentlemen unarmed us that it is their intention to devote some time to Pontiac with the object of working up some business here for their road.

i


Srvoio, Pontine If. use.
Tun Eqvrrv was muoli pleased to have last .wuc^ * 11111 * purchased
from here
J. H. SHAW.
? -
ud a ring at the school gate ,'hich I he owner may recov-on her.
long.
Sale.—Suitable for farm ging. May be seen at the the undersigned. Price Wm. A. UmitiiNN.
R. F. Wilkinson, formerly book-keeper for the Kloek lumbering Co. of this place, was in town last w eek.
K A. Tensdalo visited Cutlc: on Sun-

Special Reductions and organs FOR THE CHRISTINAS HOLIDAYS.


In
n Dagg has taken over tin; ; of the skating rink here for w inter season and expects to ly for skating on Christmas rnion every success.
A “ Convention for the Deepening of Spiritual Life," will he held in tho Methodist Church hero, commencing on Sunday, January Oth and continuing until Sunday, January 20th. An elaborate program of the work of the convention has been prepared hy the pastor. Rev. Dr. Tucker, which gives promise of the event being highly profitable and instructive from a religious stand point.
The advent of the New Century is also to be observed by the holding of a watch night service on Monday, the 31st mencing at 10 o’clock.
day.
The Council adjourned at 12.46 for one hour.
Pursuant to adjournment the Council assembled at two p. m. The same members present, with Geo. Hynes, Esq., Mayor of Shaw ville, in addition.
The matter of maintenance of insane was taken up, and after consideration Mayor Graham moves, seconded hy Mayor Kennedy, that the matter be left over for further consideration at the March session of this Council.
Mayor Mooney, seconded hy Mayor Lafuiul, moves in amendment til t the amount, §60, received	',,f

PIANOS
Mr. Andrew Peters is erecting s new rink on tho corner next the post office, slid expects s good season’s skating.
Messrs. Joint and T. Hobbs, of Shaw-ville, contemplate taking up lan hi this vicinity.
M. Cummings has accepted a lucrative position in F. C. Stwlowlki’s general
store.
Preparations ate being made for a Xmas Tree entertainment to he held in the hull Xmas Eve.
J. L. Campbell and Gordon Newell, of WMA>wrHv.'B to Fir,.-Comment- Michipiiuten, arrived home last week to
SSS—6K- T : eriSttsiinae SJsafjssasaa - —
load'"" that this is a very serious in- “	®J}'	.	.	....	. _	.
¦id will make it difficult for us to	Merchant, of Haley s Station, ar
re with tho world unless our r';ivcd,"? t"wn,liU,t 'vet'k to work in It. A.
.rs are timre prompt in coining 1 ensilale s tailor shop.	, Lllv „„lc,
gown with the ....lful.” We hare a Ur. L. D. Jones leaves on Tuesday foi , -Zoucho, Bamfunl, Larivierre
groat many names on our books i hat are liyearm Europe, from one to five years in arrears, and we hope sincerely that the parties concerned will make a vigorous effort to assist us in Imvin a clean sheet to show when the 2filh Century dawns. Let us hear from them all, and soon.
(V

icial and Xmas t ee will he

e si
lie hall, Bristol Corners, on A good program may lie cx-Xdinission, 16 and 10 cents, n at ti.iiO.

t

i
' !-
Best Tone.
Best Material. Best Durability. Best Finish.

pilaw-..-------:
¦
d a call last week from Mr. le, Bristol, who returned from
vWout three weeks ago Hav-, i» farm in Manitoba J.r, Lit -"i i ¦' 1 ’
• . 1


IV .v *110
1
: . ' Ep
Mime to mine'.
f The S. 8. Children of St. Paul’» church
* will hold their annual Xmas Tree feHp-val in Elliott’s hall on Thursday the 20th inst. A most interesting ’ grain will lie presented. Admission, ¦» and 10 cents.

the year 1899; and ; I of Mr. Chat Lafroinier the Attorney uf this Council, D. It. Bany, Esq., to instructed to proceed forthwith against Mr. C. Lafrender for the amount duo for maintenance of his son in tho asylum to 30th Dec. 1899.
For the amendment —Mooney, Sloan,
, Lafond, I
EsiO»? yte-s&i'sr -*•T"'
The question of purchasing a stone ' crasher was now brought up. Mr. John Crawford being present was asked by the Warden to address the Council, lie offers the Austin Crusher, No. 3, with elevator 10 or 12 feet and screen 14 feet, for §1,000, F.O II, cars at Ottawa. Mr. McKay, representing the Sawyer Massey MTg Co., offers a No. 4 Crusher with elcval i : 4 feet and screen for §1,000,
F. O. B. cars at Quyoti i r 8haw ville After a good deal of discussion pro and con, Mayor Meredith moves, seconded by Mayor Kennedy, that a committee composed of the Warden, Mayors Geo. Hynes F, C. DeZoucbe, B. J. Sloan and the mover be appointed with power to purchase a stone crusher at a cost of not more than §1,000, a" d of such make as they in their discretion may see tit, conditionally upon the Provincial Government contributing ffOiJO.OO of the cost.— Carried.
Mayrr Kennedy, seconded by Mayor Mooney, moves, that this meeting do now adjourn.—Carried.
.T-r.'.v



»

;
If you purpose getting n nano or Organ, why not get 'be lust t All Instruments guaranteed for ten years
11. J--,	i.	'4'^ -
a Vttlc more than cheap ones t ut they give sa'i-factlou and last a lifetime.
À
# i5 (fib:
f*»
lim-
it Jin-

V*
1"*
4»
r-Arr.—A concert will be held m d house, Ladysmith, on Saturday Dev. 2:ith, for w hich elaborate
.reparations are now going on in the
w*y
¦Doors open at 7. Performance at 8 S .’clock. Admission lock.
1 The Christmas rush is now in full g, mid Jour merchants are Lilly pre-i fvr.it with large stocks of staple tud Imh day'goods of all kinds. A careful i nailing of our business announce-JncaWd'hi» week will assist


U.,:'
i
day to spend some time with her aunt in New Mexico.	A. Settler, i

DROP CS A i ARD FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOG IE.
if l
County Council.
Province Of Quebec, , A Municipality of the Corporation ]¦ of First Division of County of Pontiac. I Minutes of proceedings of general quarterly session of the Municipal Council of the Corporation of the First Division of the County of Pontiac, held at the Council hall in the village of Bryson on the twelfth day of December, nineteen hundred, at the hour of ten in the forenoon, at which session were present, the Warden, G. H. Brabazon, Esq., Mayor of the village of Portage du Fort, and the following Councillors, viz :
Janies Adams, Esq., Mayor of the united townships of Waltham and Bryson. Pierre biriviorre, Esq., Mayor of the township of Allumette Island.
Ed. Bam ford, Esq., Mayor of the united townships of Mansfield and Pontefract. R. J. Sloan, Esq., Mayor of the township of Litchfield.
F 0. DeZouclic, Esq., Mayor of the village of Bryson.
McFarlano, Esq., township of Clarendon.
Ed. Graham, Esq., Mayor of the township of Bristol.
D, Kennedy, Esq., Mayor of the south part of Onslow.
Wm. Mooney, Esq , Mayor of the north part of Onslow.
Wm. H. Meredith, Esq., Mayor of the

J. R. HORNER - SHAWVILLE

V
>
¦ta
Is our authorized agent for your vicinity. We keep him posted ns to what Bargains we have In stock, and have lieen making a number of sales in which we had to take square pianos. See., In part payment, and arc getting them ready for sale. Kindly write Us for prices.

Editor Equity
Dear Sir As I am informed Mr. Gillies through his agents purchased about §30,000 worth of hogs in this county (luting the first week i f December, I would like to know when ho has arranged to ship the same, as it will be» necessary to make arrangements with the P. P. ,1. R. to secure a double-decker to Indd the stock so purchased in this township. I with others here are anxious that no hing ahou’d occur to inteif re wiih the deal, as we consider it will be to the decided advsntage to the township to have this grade of stock removed as speedily as possible.	Bristol Farmer.
Dec. 15th, 1900.
r.;

our readers in deciding what they should buy to cele-iirate tho festive season in their own be-ttiaif m well as to gladden the hearts of those wlu> are unable to do so,__________
The D. W. KARN COMPANY Limited,

Ottawa & Gatineau Railway Co. and Jtyt, Pac. Junction Railway Co.
XmWB and New Year Rates.
198 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA,
One single first - class fare, for round trip, good going Dec. 22nd, 23rd. 24th and ,25th, anil to return until 26th.
I Also going Dec. 29th, 30th, 31st, and Itan. 1st, and to return until Jan. 2nd,
A report reached us on Tuesday evening that Mr. David Gillies, is in very poor health, and is at present in the hos-
If the following item, taken from the Bryson Advocate, should arrest the eye of Sir Wilfrid Laurier, it must certainly hare the effect of hastening that statesman’s action, providing he ever intends making a brake in the direction of Ottawa river development
“ The Government should now feel safe in pushin the Georgin Bay Canal forward. The Ottawa Vally, hase declared strongly in favor of the Canal, it is also a fact that the question figured strongly in the canvis of the upper Ottawa, theirfore let the Government now take bolt of the woik."
XMAS EXAMINATIONS. Upper Litchfield, School No. 1.
pita!.
1901.
B One single first class fare and one third ¦for round trip, good going Dec. 21st, 22nd, ¦tint 24th and 25th, and to return until ¦27th. 1901).
Also going Dee. 28th, 29th, 30t h, 31st and 1 Jan. 1st, and to return until Jan. 3rd, 1901. & School vacations, students and teachers,
¦	,ne single first class fare for round trip, ¦mod going Dec. 8th to 31st. inclusive, and K, return until Jan. 20th, 1901.
¦	r r further particulars, tickets, See., HtmlJ Company s Offices, Central Cham
'or Ticket Offices.
1’. W. Rksskma.v,
Gen. Pass. Agent.
Wm. G. LeRov,
Sec.-Treasurer.
The Equity learns with much
regret
of the death at Pembroke on Sunday last, of Mrs. Murray, wife of Mr. Thus. Murray, M. P. The deceased lady has been in declining health for some time past.
Grade IV. -1, Susan Lawn ; 2, Lilly Lu-nam; 3, Winnie McLean. Grade III. — 1, Annie McLean; 2, Bertha Metcalfe; 3, Arthur Letts. Grade II. — 1, Clara McLean; 2, James Lawn; 3, Roland Metcalfe. Primer II-1, Gerald McLean; 2, John Moorhead; 3, Muriel • Richards. Primer I.—I, Maud Metcalfe; 2, Lila Lunani; 3, Annie McLel-H. MvKiLu r, Teacher,
Thus.
Mayor of the
Over Two Hundred Were Drown-
ed.
Canton, Chins, Dec. 13. - The felling overboard of a nun from a passenger boat on the West river, near HoKsu, led to the rush of some 400 paseongere to the side of the vessel, which caused her t > capsize, over 200 person» being drowned.
The cold spell of late has made serious ravages in Thk Equity wood pile, which means that we have ample piling ground to accommodate all those who usually supply us with this most necessary commodity. Fetch it along.
Un.




-X



. V

4

J-
###PAGE###2###

I
%
'
X


#


Toronto Letter.
HERR RICHTER'S THEORY.
The persistency of Christmas in the worl I clearly d« 6h not <lei* nl upon any earthly climate.
.lieM 2 independent of climate,
this when we tear that the festival in about to break down under the load An institution that
vW ,ViWM«VWWMVViWVAW.WiMV#WVil-V>i
r——«—^
I Agricultural h**:. r, %t,Z w—rr.« :;,‘;z rz..,
not mix. Ile nuire and feed at regular
Xr Say. Dwratlen or l.lfr t'aa be Foretold «v % Him
Is It possible to foretell the duration of a man’s life 1
In spite of certain preposterous claims put forward from time to time by clairvoyants, and other so-called were, scientists have always maintained that this question can only be answered in the negative, and that wo hardly expect to obtain more light on the subject than is furnished by Flou rent, the statistician, who after of labor discovered that the duration of life in Europe is that
It seems tv be
I
or rather to
Tub Civic Elections at- thb Scarcity of Good Men —Mr. Lennox Suggested for Mayor —The Prevention of Water Famines—Sir Thomas Lipton’s Next Race.	'
ewes

Uo
It does not seem ns yet to be settled whether the world will get the belter of Christmas, or Christmas will get the better of the world. The world has fashioned and formalised
ROTATION IN CROPS.
of worMllneas.
set the northern world aglow in
The tendency of the one crop system hours twice daily.
of the	¦	1 —
When such TO DRESS AND Sllll* POULTRY. Poultry should be well
though other food ' watered, then kept tor 18 to 24 hours
Never
can
the darkest of our shortest days of frost has some mysterious quality in It, that is not gauged by the bamenait is un influence, which at
le to deplete the land of some elements of its fertility.
is reached its producing
fed and
almost all festivals to its own like-The question is often raised
a result
the oily is waking to the 1
Just now
fact thnt in a month it must again select a chief magistrate. It israUe-t hankies* jib for all cunovrned
ran
power is gone, even
elements should remain in ample su|>- without food before killing, ply. Land uttn no more produce if one	^il	poultry by	wringing the	neck,
of the important elements of fertil-	Kilt	by bleeding in the mouth or	open-
Ity is gone, until the exhausted ele-	jjlg	(he veins of	the oec.kf and	hang
restored, than a machine can	by the feet until	properly bled.	Leave
ness.
whether Christmas is beooming a day
ter.
when we should natur-
1 hut season ally draw within ourselves, and contract Into selfishness and stinginess, makes us in ist expansive and gener-According to human reason and

of ostentation and display, and ner-and likely to break
As it goes
er o
under present arrangements. I he City of Toronto is now a vast corporation, needing at its head, and in charge of
who have
years
vous worry, down under Its expense.
average
from thirty-six to forty years, the ordinary duration is sixty-five and that the abnormal dura-
now it is on the way to nervous pros-t rat ion.
; v
meat is
be made tv do its work, in which some head and feel un and dot not remove of the important parts are wanting, intestines or crop, until these have been restored.
system means land robbing picked to shippers.
ou».
to softening influences, one ought to tie most charitable on the Fourth, or First, of July; but it is notorious that I benevolence is least active when the 1 weather is most favorable; and then ! there is the standing miracle of the moat active and whole-hearted celebration of Christmas in those countries where bureaus have to be established in regard to the weather.
It has largely become a
Scalded chickens
its various departments, men the ability to handle money and conduct publie works in terms not of thousands, but in tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars. This la ability of a rare kind, and the man who hn.s it la wanted by corporations all the world. It is useless to expect
day for giving things you cannot explain, to people who do not know
l$ut I his
years tion is 125 years.
Now, however, a German savant insists that, barring accidents, the exact that, barring accidents, the exact duration of any person’s life can be determined by means of the X rays, This savant is Herr Richter, who is well known by his experiments with these rays, and by his works on radiography, and this novel method of determining the duration of life is fnl-pnper by him,which read the other day at the Itnper-
The iWat to the home trade and dry For scalding, the
what to do with them, would matter little it the women did
one crop
in 1)9 case., out of 101). Eveu where purchased fertilizers are applied to pgggjble, but not boiling, l’ick the	put into the season the energy
the soil to restore the waste, no eys- lt>;, dryi hold by the head and legs, lhjlt (mght to be distributed through of applying artificial fertilizers immerse and lift up and down1 ’three be adopted that will keep soil
should be as near bailing ns
water
the year, and men did not lie awake at night thinking of the doctor's (res and the January bills. It may be conceded that the worldly aide of the festival will break down with its own
tern
If the head is immersed it
over
those oilisens, who are in charge of wholesale, manufacturing, and financial concerns at all comparable in sis? with civic departments to give up their business and devote their services to the city practically for nothing. In many cases these men are not the owners of the businesses they manage and the directors would not hear ^ of such a courjo even if the manager
times.
can
for any prolonged period in a healthy („rnj, the color of the comb and gives mechanical condition, in the absence (jle ,,ye8 a shrunken appearance.
of rotation. | pho feathers should be removed im-The benefits of rotation are many. mediately very cleanly without tear-prdongs the producing the skin. Then plump by dipping of the land. It means diver- m ^Muds iu water nearly boiling which is always a safer system atld then in cold water. Hang ini a
of a Judicious system
Of course, much is due to fashion, and this is such a nice world that benevolence is more contagious tlM*1 fashion will not
extravagance, and that it will return to simplicity; but that it will fall into abeyance is not for a moment to he thought of.
ly explained in
Rotation
was
p wer
stinginess, but even account for the extraordinary access of good-will In the world in Dwem-Perhapa it is true, as the poets think, that there is such a Heavenly Climate, and that
ial College of Berlin.
Herr Richter simply claims that an examination of the principal organs of the body by means of X rays will show the number of years that any It has long been ad-
ai/ty,
of farming than the growing of one CJUi place until Che animal beat is When all is staked on one crop ,„ut 0( the tasty. To dry-pick chick-
prvperly, the work should be done
For the curious thing about Christmas, apart from its religious character, is that it should have made its way in Germany, England and the northern part of North America, in spite of a hostile climate. Its own climate is no doubt oriental and
crop.
said that totally fails, then all is lost for the season. Diversity in crop while the chicken is Weeding and be-produotion also leads eventually to for6 the body is cold. Turkeys should the growing of stock to consume the prepared the
products grown on the farm, hut always dry-picked. Endeavor to
ber.
used to
thing us a	.. . ,
Christ IDAS brings a little of it iutu
eus
thought it possible. The ratepayers therefore cannot expect to get gooc' , wboee abilities are already
person will live, mittdl, as one of the first and indispensable conditions of longevity,that sucJi organs us the heart, the lungs, the brain and the digestive appara-
sa me as chickens.
men
known, to come into civic life under existing er uditions. And when a man develops this kind of ability in council or committee the city can only hope to keep him there by making it worth his while. Serving the public is much harder, much more migrate-
the world.
course
and this means along stride in the market all old and heavy gobblers be-direetkm of the conservation of the {(>r6 jan i_ as after the holidays the fertility of the soil. Rotation binders demand is for small fat hem turkeys, the multiplication of weeds and in- Ducks and geese should be scalded, There is no form of weeds that but it requires more time for the wa-tillable land, and no ter to penetrate and loosen the feath-
8ome advise after scalding to
A PRACTICAL GIFT.
•uu; hern. It originated under etinny elles and in a genial air, where, we are told, it
For a Christ m is or a wolding present remember tbit a cake aaw-thai thin, flat knife, with one edge
teeth—Is the beat knife
For a
but
tu.s must tie sound and rigorous tus must be auund and vigorous, but Herr Richter goes further than this; he insists that there is a close which practically never
comfortable for
shepherds to stay out all night and ^|t®lnto a„w
It had, as we (Q UAa to cut „ loif of cake, nuy say, a pastoral origin, an l if it j	|oa( a ailver one is often used,
did not dwell in tents, it could be celebrated on the roofs of houses and in green fields. It is a wonder that! much a festival should have gone in-
waa
sects.
watch their flocks.
ever grew on
form of insect that ever preyed upon crops, that cannot be fought in this wrap them iin
They may not be fought to a but they ah >uld not be left long
ful work than serving a company or close cor; oration, and, considering U* low rcmu'ierulion offered, It Is natural that the city Is slvays
The cure Tor ou
connection, varies, between the duration of life and the sise, strength and soundness and it is on this
era.
a blanket to steam.
and is an appreciated wedding pres-be handed down in It Is so unusual a gift
ent, and one to the family, that it is not likely to be duplicated.
way.
finish, but they cun, be kept* reason- enough to cook the flesh. Do not try
to dry-pick before killing. Leave the Relation so diversifies the work of fathers cm the head and 2 or 3 in of the farm that the farmer is not so tj,e neck. Da not singe or pressed with work at some seasons (gathers or down, as lit gives the skin that be cannot properly
Nor has he so little to do but Before packing, poultry should be le v r poll l's thi wh 1 • winter thoroughly dry and cold, but not
of these organs, connection that his theory is
up for gieid men. civic ills at present seerna to be th> making of some men—whatever they be called—directly responsible
ably at bay.
to chill Germany, waded through the enow,
ENTIRELY BASED.
As n proof of the truth of his statements he brings forward numerous examples of organs which he has examined, as well as an array of statistics which aie entirely in his fuser. At the same time he admits that the duration
and decked itself with cold pL\NING BLANKETS FOR RADY, evergreens instead of flowers, and, ^ fin|t u , yards length, above all. used as it was to the sparest | ^ ^ q( TOfy wide 3ott flannel. A diet in the open air. it should have ^ ,10r0M the sites and bottom 3-4 into Knglaud, in the foggiest
remove
t
may
Council, and paying them enough make it worth their effort to di charge that responsibility with ere.
b's an oily look.
save
crops.
of an inch in width, than a row of time of the year, and regaled itself , (eether stitcbLnff close to the hem in with plum-pudding before u fire of Ugll, y,giow etching eilk. In the cen-Yule logs. lA festival that could do ^ y£ [he |ower part are four cherub this, would sectu to have great ad-	(lone white outline stitch,
aptability.
gone
wran
when he ought to be fattening steers frozen. Boxes holding 1U0 to 200 lbs aL home or producing milk for the
dairy. Rotation helps to maintain snUgly, straighten out the body and a proper mechanical condition of the {6gSi and fill the package as full as •oil; that is, it helps to keep it in p^ble. Avoids if possible putting that condition which will make it easy of tillage, gives increased power to
hold moisture and thus renders it far t,l (11 ou the package, and write», ship-
directions plainly on tile cover.
it.
A Candidate for Mayor.
l’ack
preferable to barrels.
there are some persons of whose life cannot he determined by tlie size and vigor of their organa, but he maintains that these are only and do not really
are
It is probably with such an idea th of the leading publicists ad'
one
cates Architect Lennox for Mayor, the matter of rendering obedience
with Asiatic outline embroidery. The top is gathered four times and after This matter of the Christmas cli-	drawn up to the nght size is
mate nee la to be studied. For mure curious than the fact that the festival is heartiest and must enjoyed in regions where the weather is bad enough to kill any kind of exuberant feeling, is the fact that it toes nut flourish more in s me lands where Our boat was
I hail one kind in I he same puck-
exceptional cases invalidate the truth of his theory. Perhaps the most extraordinary of this kind was that of an Englishman, who was horn in 1483, and at birth that the
m >re
whim of the Council, and
Mark kind, weight and descrip-
every
general sunothnaas, Mr. Lennox ' nut an ideal official,, nor in the g e.ral holiness as to his rémunérât
age-
faced to mike it strong.
productive. The most import-
the
more
ant feature of all rotations is
The aim should be to ra-
ping
case
A TABLE NAPKIN FASTENER.
he working under * proper c
rasa cr p. produce this crop
ner ;
The grains are washed again and again, until perfectly free from all
mu
zzzTZz.' z r nr t,r	r r.
year rotations, siuih as =‘‘’ver' cu™ eumption. A little lemon added while and grain, are unexcelled. Mak	blanches the rice beautifully,
rtrjra.i.rr......	-
<m the pasture crop the previous win- ^ ^ snowy wbi .ess, nd its taste
tune ui
ao pare that to ,K1 i,a kind would be a pity.
HOW TO COOK 1UCE.
who was so puny doctors unanimously decided he could not live. His chest, says an old chron-that be was

A pretty and appropriate gift for a child is a napkin fastener made of a strip of plush lined w. b satin, or witn s*teeu. . and with
I boo bow and ths child a initial» or its name may be embroidered ou the
was
tract ; but his r<- ^onfiuHOom have been ?»i.ublished. T
to ha Vo been accepted i that Mr. Lennox was re
into the rotatim us
Hice is a substitute for bread in
/
icier, was so narrow scarcely able to breathe; he was as thin as a skeleton, and very often nia heart ceased to beat. Yet the extraordinary individual lived to be 168 old, his death occurring in 1631.
clasp at
nature is most kind.
equivalent of grass
Line attemtkm to this matter alone would revolutionize farming in the
the construction of the > has been held resixinsibli accepted the responsibilil sequence, so far as there praise or blame, the Oo where to place it. Woul better to have our streeti our waterworks carried on way, instead of having the responsibility, so divided u controllers, chairmen, coma gineers and superintendents even foremen, that when a sit is absolutely Lrnpo
Christmas day. weather as Jacob and the patriarchs The alky was of
years
He actually saw the king's reign, and so keen was bis enjoyment ot life that in hia 100th year he made violent love to an estimable young woman, and subsequently severely punished
were brought upon, unrivalled splendor, a vast horizon of it glowing far over the grey des-The doura,
band.
BUT HE DIDN'T SEE IT. Johnny, what have you been doing in the kitchen all this tiine-buther-
ert of the purple hills.
I he lentils, the wheat were green as live breasts of the little birds of Paradise, the donkeys were as meek as Moses, and the palms only waved a little with their own life. The world perfectly beautiful and placid What could you make
conditions better
was
because he did not marry her.
Lug Bridget!
No, mamma; I went out there to study my geography lesson.
made you go in the
A more grave objection to Herr Richter's theory, according to German scientists, is that, however true it may be in itself, it is apt to prove misleading, for the reason U, avail in the case of persons who meet death through accidents, and, as statiati-s show, a large percentage of human beings come to tbeir end each year in this way fact, too, that many person who are killed accidentally have always enjoyed vigorous health and seemed destined to live to a good i la age. Yet X rays, if used in such ase‘ certainly not have told the Herr Richter intends tf> further experiments in this direction, a full account of which will in due time be published.
curs
make anybody shoulder it.
what
was
and dreamy, cut of Christinas under such favor-
Why,
kitchen to do that!
Oh, I wanted to look at Bridget. I heard pipa say she had the map of Ireland on her face.
that it is of
Water Famine.
There is again the periodi of a shortage of water, and ger of a water famine. Thr ed is r af'-engj..
that there is a much bet. nf). From the engineer's figures i,"evident that there is a big waste ii£ water going on all over the city. T, route is using more water per head copulation than most cities on this minent, and probably 50 pec - -4 than is absolutely neo-
There were no
able circumstances ! telegrams to say that your friends were stucik in a snow-drift ; no one
cheeks

,'aMm^y^impmg in with rosy t0“brag alhtittb* thermometer at zero, there wasnfrlft*t°n the hearth' there was no hearth, tTfimr* double windows nor dashing against them, and we go anywhere without a snow-shovel.
suggest
ter, or on the pasture some
before it is broken up.


It is a well known
QUESTION OF THE DAY.
jo me
seems
the season
Always try to have the pasture crop followed by some gross feeding plant field roots or potatoes.
should not be included.	pint ^ nt)W mi'k m a double
follow the cultivated	Beat the yo.ks of Lie eggs till
lend of small	end add, gradually, five table-
m spoonfuls of sugar and half a aalt-th* spoonful of salt. Beat we J, then pour gr. J> crop by simp') pulverizing the ko( nnlk gradually upon this imx-•oil without plowing. Sow grass and
Ailele, said the fond mother, is reaching the age where a girl na-wind and snow taraiiy third» of marriage.
True, replied the father regretfully; but do you think we can afford a son-in-law!
AaMONU CUSTARDS.
as corn,
could
Sugar beets Always try U> crop with some aa the soil is then kept clean^rja.
~	* Put in

<i
ma..
A Turkish Pasha who did not believe in anything except hospitality, flowers, and we décorat-
if
more

is caused by the fact tIL-gfl-y no difference in the water rate, *he-
DiSOOVEREU AT LAST, You’ve got an ear-trumpet, I see. That’s what I’ve been telling youi to do for two years.
Oh! Is that what you’ve been telling me for the last two- years.
1
mo—

d

aent us some ed the boat with them, just a a if the whole world was not already sufficiently decorated, and sat on deck under the awning; and tried to think of Joseph and his brethren. But difficult to mike it seem tike Even the camels, the
ther a tap is brxJten and runs instantly or not, or whether a tap la turner! off when the user lis throng^ drawing water. This ia tf an immense waste of w ay to stop it is to put metys in ever house. A daily minimum large for all purposes coulÇ be dwH exl upon, and all who, used pot
this amount wruld pap theptj Those who used more tkj this minimum would pay so MUl thousand gallons for all in egosss, Tj plan works well elsewhere a^d wpd work in Toronto. Conversely *tMg| fixed iterates pef l-uTai
Stir well, then return to the
ture.
clover seed on the gram crop Never d()ubIe boner and cook, stirring connu miner-tallow land without bury- famously until smooth and thick, least taro green crops; in the wfatiQ it skou,d be removed at
Have ready a cup of blanched almonds
¦
PLAIN lemon TAFFY.
to the crafk, add a tea-
i be
P
¦
«
cause
and th
Boil sugar spoonful of lemon juice and a few drops of the extract of lemon; then continue boiling till the mixture begins to change color, have ready a well-oiled dripping pan, pour out the mixture, and after it is slightly cool mark oft in square* oiled chopping knife, presting the knife downward and rocking it back
once
ing at
seal to enrich the land, to add to its £r(JlQ the Lre. store of humus and thus to| increase fjueiy jits power to hold moisture.
it was
OfT FOR TUB STUFF.
Let us then be up and doing Everybody that we can, Still achieviu", still pursuing From Beersheba unto Dan.
choi-ped
which have been mixed with a table-Follow #1XKIotul of rose watei, and add these Beat for a few mom-
6
Christmas, most ancient and Biblical figures, going to and fro on the bank with loads of sugar-cane, appealed to nothing in of the day, and with
ti
rotations;
short
Some
clover with corn and corn with any to the custard.
of small grain that may be do- ents, then set aside to cool.
this rotation cannot with half a teaspoonful of vanilla or a will not few drops of extract of bitter almond,
C
b
than
Flavor
kind
with a warm
C
sent rates.
our memory
their gift of contempt made us feel	A MAN OF FORESIGHT,
self-conscious. It was annoying to	jinkleis—Say, Tom, why don’t you
be looked down on by a camel out o	to that girl and be done with
a past where there wasjuo Christmas. ^ ?
we did our best with a Wiklets—Be done with it. nothing.
That’s jugt the beginning it.
aired; of course be followed where clover mot thrive. Grass in meadow and B8 preferred, pasture, followed by corn and then succession, is
»
a
and forth.
This ia the way to mark off all candy, as it will not drag the candy as an ordinary knife will do.
tl
two crops of grain in a good five years’ rotation. Pasture, j corn, grain two or three times; this ! ru ation will depend on the duration It has special ad-
KIND TO HIM.
company
Of course great dinner, but it was oouiked by a Moslem, and although the Pasha utterly unable to
instead of per thousand feet, it* p' fits, about which the city iSaev* vigorously disputing, would vanish i to thin air; and in fact, it is doubt! if a doubling of the works would -v tice to keep up the pressure.
A Start for the America Cup
Her Mother, sternly—Mary complains that you won't help her at all;
hold the baby. I
d
that you never even Her Husband—That's not so. Why I held him last night for a while. Mother—0 1 you did I
LARGEST AND OLDEST TREE. The largest and oldest tree iml the the Island of
praised it, be
anything "sored in the plum-when it was on fire, and
was
of tile pasture.
A VARIATION OF THE LOOT. That friend of mine in the British army sent me a keg of Chinese wine that be looted in Pekin, was half water.
Evidently diluted I
those localities where is profitable and where such
see
apiatixjn to
pudding, even (poked like the sacrifice of digestion And the evening was
world is a fig tree on Ceylon, iu the neighborhood of the city of Anradhapura, the ancient capital of Ceylon. The tree is 2200 old. Ita high age ia testified than 25 documenta. It was
How
grazing
abiding grasses as blue grass and orchard grass grow freely. Summer , wheat, wheat; j
Her long, pray*
Her Husband — Well—er — long enough for Mary to bring up a scuttle of coal.
VI
)
The stuff
g
to principle, lovelier than the day, a vast, calm, oriental night, blazing with southern We could not shut out such
Americans who are usually quick realise the inwardness of things wi out the assistance of a brick hospi falling on them, realize that Sir The as Lipto® has already made a gl start for the America Cup, and tj whether Sfiapirock B. wins or id he has taken one fall I
si
fallow followed by
i
for the farmer who
this rotation is
years by more
planted in the year 288 B.O., and for centuries was known under the name of "Holy Bo." Every year thousands of pilgrims from all parta of to Anradhapura to*
et
stars.
a night and go in-doore, and dance to keep warm.
wheat
persists in growing
Give heed to this question of rotations.
tl
GASTRONOMIC DANGER.
What to the yellow peril?’
What k itl You know as well as I do that mighty few women can make good pumpkin pies.
tl
All our usual resource»
It means the better conserva-of soil fertility, larger returns more prosperous
ONLY NATURAL.
She—Sometimes I wish i had never married you.
He—That’s but natural, my dear. We generally go buck on these things t,hjit we have tried hardest to get.
the weather left no excuse
were gone; for anything but a placid enjoyment Still, the instinct to
lion
next year of the smart Yankee. They note j result of Sir Thomas’ study of to beat Herreshof’s boats ha» beer Chicago pork corner, which furni him at theexpen.s" of Americans, enough funds to build his cutlet who can assess bis opponent! his expenses like that deserves tj "in at the doth," in the great j
and happier and
of the hour, celebrate could not be thwarted, and we had fire-work», sent up from the vessel, from the shore, from the sandals darting about in the awift, eternal river, making the earth for the moment the rival of the akiy in bril-lkaay.
CM*
India wander visit the holy tree, rounded by l temples, and is supported by a triple wall. In spite of its exceedingly high age the tree, whose dimensions are really gigantic, bears leaves every
home».
nllt‘
The tree U» aurai number of Buddhist

It la better to borrow! trouble than
EWES IN COLD WEATHER Winter is the time for the shepheid his skill in the care of hisflock.
!
to buy It.
Here's a sermon on How to Bring Men to Church.
Dow It say anything about how to awake In church after you

si. 'Iic
man
DOCILITY of ybahs.
Man to never too old to learn. That’s so; but he has to be prett/ eld before he will admit it
to use
Sheds facing the sorti aad M
>f closing in case
It
That we# what the festival
te In its native atmosphere.
r
A.
keep men get them there I
beet, with means of storms or extreme oold. plenty of sunlight and air. but beware
year.
Have
B
V
###PAGE###3###
• *

/
l
ét 1
T


/

»

I
'
r
it

#
___w
1
healtstlon of a moment, looted the 1 po.saihljr ha to aeem tier before and for- Nugent had arrived late,—too late nor airing* of his mask. He laid it on the gotten hurt That bright hair; that dinner; he should see her Jral in the table, and Delia looked on the face of charming profil»,—No; ho could never ballroom, among th» tenante, they
all of thnm must know of im» terms W bit whi*[>-
Their
Ki tes and Comments.
the red carpet of it* steps, figures were shrouded in doinlnoea.and a third shrouded figure was with I hem. All three wore little black vel-
The '"^awisUtilities of Hie British Poutmasvr Uenerul'a department ere tresnettduUt. Aside from his regular postal business of bundling 2,000,000 W)0 letters a year, he runs the entire telegraph system of the country, conducts n>« biggest savings bank in the world, insures lives, deals in government bonds, manages a messenger service and spends 835,000,000 a year in salaries alone. Telegrams cost sixpence, twelve cents, for twelve words and yet the department pays expenses.
the " horrid old mao.11 She saw a have forgHteu these; and yet there strong fare, » far* in the prime of , was something fumiliar-

of hit father's will.
«rings and nudging», whal sly a
vet masks. A fourth masked figure advanced to meet |hem—a figure n.u d whose broad shoulders the ready-made domino, hastily bought, refused to meet. The white shirt-front and the
manhiKHl, btéinwi by the Kaslern sun, Colored Kaymund was it man of ae-a |siir of good blue eyes, straight, tion. He made sir strides and well-cut features and the mouth she caught up with bar.
"1 did not recognize you for t he mom dll," he said abruptly.
,slw re Led laughing eyes to bis. "And do you recognise me now <" she asked. "No; don't begin to tiy to got out of it; you had forgotten me, My name is Carmichael," au il was,—Holla Carmichael Nugent, "and
"It’s no good. I can't marry him, and I won’t I We have enough to live on, inummie dear, without my marrying a horrid old man."
Delia Nugent threw down her hairbrush with such violence that it bounced from the dreeslng-talile to I ho floor, and her mother started and trembled. Her nerves were weakened by lung illness. Delhi knew it; generally she moved like a mouse,
"My income dies with me," said the inviili I’« soft voice from among the white shawls in the easy-chuir, "and Colonel lUiymonil is not old,—he cannot be forty yet. 1 remember him as a youth. At that time he was not at all horrid; bn was quite handsome, and had very pretty manners, my dear."
"I dare may," Delta picked up the while si Mo Blockings from the bed and swung them round and round. "He may have been nice then, when lie
what «overt justs----
Ho shuddered, and bis other guests found him an absent -minded, albeit Lord and Lady
had watched all the evening, stern in repose, yet softening to a singular sweetness as lie turned to answer some gentle frivolity of Lady Denbigh.
Several young French officers, attracted by the grace of outline, which Delia's domino had been powerless to disguise, wefe hovering near, awaiting the revelation which her unmasking should a ford.
" Come, Delia,” said Lady Denbigh,
" You’ll be glad to get that hot mask j of her bright beauty, off. Remember, I've not seen your face since dinner."
black cloth showed plainly beneath. "Colonel Raymond, let me present to Miss Nugent," whispered Daily
a courbons, host.
Denbigh alone we mm I riot to notice


1 be moment was Raymond grew more and He turned to tus old
bis abstraction, n.at ring, more nervous.
you
Denbigh. " Now, nobody has any names—only you'll know us because which these
coll ige chum, Lord Ueniiign. .or support.
"1L «telly nuisance, J know," sa id I ho peer cheerfully; "still you must •son» way."
my domino is green,
French people abhor—and Miss Nugent's is black, with silver lions on It. They're the English Royal arms lions, so your loyalty insures your knowing them anywhere."
The party went slowly up the broad, red-carpeted stairs. Groups of masked dancers, gathered about tbe doors.
|
we have danced together once or twice, Colonel Raymond."
it» spell of the morning was working in bis blood, and with it the spell
What so/me newspapers describe as a battle is just now going on in London, England. It Is in fact the undertaking of the British pnstoffice to supply London with a government telephone system. The company now operating in I/melon is the National Telephone Company, which is the big.
> ge.nt thing of its kind in England. It warn practically a monopoly, rich and powerful. It has given, so it is said, a phenomenally bad telephone service was young, but now h Vs old and borin I/itulon. Consequently fewer tele- rid. Why, he vyas a man at Oxford ¦ plumes per capita are in use in the when 1 was choking myself with the world’s metropolis to-day than in any coral bolls his father gave me for a American city of 60,000 inhabitants, christening present I
gu l b:oagh with it
11» ballroom was crowded, in U» mi Idle, where the g rear bough of gray-green mistletoe swung fioin tho hundred-lighted crystal chan-
'lhs
Only
"if I might--- Might I walk with
I
! you, Mias Carmichael 1" he asked
Delia drew a long breath and sud- wistfully. And together they pass- i ,|„i,er, denly tore off the mask. Uer friend ed on among the myrtles and the ' (;oivr 0( th > mill letoe reminded llay-only just managed to suppress a lit* gray rucks.	mond of the olive gardens. Ue pass-
lie cry, or rather she could not sup- That morning Li marked In Colonel w| from group to group, talking U press it, but she turned it, at the Raymond's m ituory with the whitest ollJ ^ who had known him as a boy, last moment, into a cough.	of white stones. She walked with
stared as they passed.
Colonel Raymond frowned under the
was an emply space.
mask.
" I have never been to a masked ball before, he said to his companion " Have you Î"
"Oh, yes," said the lady with the silver lions, " dose ns—thousands. I— I almost live at masked balls, don't you know."
She had pitched her voice half a dogen notes above her own sweet, low key, and spoke in a sharp, thin staccato. Lady Denbigh pinched her husband’s arm and laughed.
" She is a born actress. She is acting well."
"I wish -!¦ hadn’t done it," he re» joined. "Raymond is a good sort. It seems hardly fair.”
The great ballroom was crowded. Monks and clowns, fisher-girls and shepherdesses, Queens of Hearts, brigands, Kings, Queens, and dominoes innumerable thronged the space under the galleries. The smooth floor, bare but for the passing of here and there a stray couple, gleamed invitingly. The band broke into a waits Delia and her escort made two steps forward and glided into the measure of it. Not a word was spoken until the last chord of the waits crashed like
heavy finis across the page of warm, pulsating life.
Delia turned to her partner.
"You can walls," she said abruptly, and Raymond lifting his eyebrows under the black mask, replied : "You do me too much honor I’"
The most amusing thing about a masked hall is that you may dance as many tim«ï as you like with on*
whom he had
and to young mon known as buys, whin be and they wont a-rahbititig together in bis many a g coil year
Delia let the hood of her domino him, aha talked to him, in the lowest, fall back, as she removed the mask, moat delightful voice in the world, and the watchful young Frenchmen saw a dark head, crowned with black
of all things in heaven and earth, talked gently, giyly, reverently, and always charmingly. .She opened the a to rehouse of her mind to him, and let him see, in brief, bewildering flashes, glimpnea of the treasure-house of her soul.
father’s wools,
ago.
hair, coarse, ill-arranged, a swarthy face and neck, eyebrows black as garden slugs, and a mouth, straight, hard and much too red. The hair was parted in the middle, and strained tightly back above the ears—little abcll-pink ears which Delta had never ^ Iiu)riling.
thought of disguising. Her eyes, too;	uter_ when he etrod. through
they flashed clear ha,el fire at the	wooits, by the white sand and
young Lieutenant, who exclaimed. thmuj?h thfl dewj orch.ir(la, bjr tbe audibly : ’’ Yes, all English women are eU,pmg villaai u, bu u«r good-by. flights except as to eyes and ears. They bay met every day einc* that Deli* pulled the hood of her domino firat day| at firat by chanco,-a over the black hair and laughed.	chance tutored by Delia, afterward
The Frenchmen turned away. Delia earn primed herself in a sigh, ever since you can remember, peo-
Ilah I I've no
• Complaints were ineffectual until paliemc* with the people who make suddenly a bill popped up in 1’arlia-; such wills. It's wicked; it’s horriment authorising the Post Office Ue- bio; it's unnatural 1 Now, mumps rime nt to establish a rival service,1 mi« darling, let me help you to your The telephone people in the House of room arid sond Slater to you. It's Commons were bowled over, and now, too lato for little mothers to be sit-Jefore London folk fairly realise it, ting up. I’ll promise to see him, but He post office is laying its wires in I can’t promise to do more than that." mile after mile of streets, and the "It's for your sake, my pel," the
sur near
‘
Suddenly there was a the door. Ibiymond turned, to see Lady Don high glide forward into l he empty Lighted space in the middle oJ With her cime i girl in
the room, white, a girl with gol leo h lir and that shone,—bis maid of IW
Of her heart he saw nothing on That came a fort-
eyes
olives and the sunrise.
He made three stepe forward. "Your promise," she whispered; "your promise."
He stooped as she stood baneath the mi.tletoe, ana Kissed her upturned
SjHgtin* m«)Jio|oly is preparing to liât- mother answered as she rose wearily l(|uJor its life. That the battle ran leaning on I he strong, young arm that Hid in any but one way seems very supported her to bar room, oebtful. The government has prac- should die more easily if I knew your . yuaily everything but the start un its future was secure." tide. It can run the system very "You're not going to die, my preshea ply In connection with its tele- cions precious,” the girl answered jraph and postal system. It alone has cheerfully; but she bit her lip to lie right to lay wires underground,I keep back the sudden tears. "You're Ski above all the charter of the com- going to live and get real well once uuiy expiree in 1911. The throwing ilit of tne company’s telephones from he government and municipal offices ill in itself greatly lessen the pres-
•1
face.
then rone a storm ot deafening chwrs from the tenants. 1 trough it all he felt her bind in bis, and heard
by design; a design formed and carried out by Raymond,—lastly by an
When,
unspoken agreement more dear than
pie have turned round to look at you in the street because you were
as in a dream Lady Denbigh’s voice
They sat on a fallen olive tree, amid the deep grass that gleamed we I with (lew, and transfigured in t he
morning's level light. And---
"1 am going away to-morrow," he said.
She only turned her eyes and looked straight in bis.
He drew a quick breath. She look- ilMUKg& ed at him steadily, and two large »h ' had told him everything, tears gathered in her eyes; slid over "Tou do forgive me, dont you I the soft lashes, and fell on the hands %%%%%%! Thought crossed in her lap.	you were a horrid old man, and I
"t hen you do care," be cried quick- didn't want you to like me; only, as ly,—incredulously	almost,—but his »oon as 1 saw you 1 knew —
arms went round her.	ne,Tday^’ ^"lw TZioTTlndu,^
"Why must you go ?" she Çyv w soft bair.
"rwntly.
saying, "Curtain 1 Curtain I This is Delia Nugent. Oh. what a charming end to the comedy I Curtain I"
A few hours later be and she stood alone before the five in ths great hall. Mrs. Nugent, tired with travel and happiness, had retired on Lady Denbigh's arm. deaily experienced longing which only a good cigar can i be two were alone, and
so pretty, - it comes somewhat as a shook when eyes piss over you, and turn away, indifferent,—condemnatory even. After the un masking, Colonel Raymond was more polite than before. Lord and Lady Denbigh were in the highest spirits. Delia laughed a good deal.
That’s what we came to the
more,
Riviera for, you know, my dearest."
When Miss Nugent came back to her room she finished her toilette
rapidly. It was a pretty vision I hat
Lord Denbigh had aud-th.it strange
ge of the company, while the fact lat the government never dies, is showed in,the long mirror—bright, -ver pressed by creditors, will in the lair hair, and a mutinous, charming
Whan the white, transparent
a
face.
When she was tucked up in her carriage among her white furs she began to cry. She cried all the way The basket on the front scat, which held her pretty tulle bail-dress, jolted forward on her knees, and hurt her. She pushed it back angrily, and*cried more than ever.
When she reached home the pink sunrise glory was flashing the Alpes Maritime*. She tore off her domino and scrubbed her face and neck till its own fairness reappeared. Then she slipped on a lace trimmed wrapper and crept in to see if her mother i ^	„
was asleep.	, “jg thare any condition attached to
Mrs. Nugent was not asleep. So y(mr	her?"
' “ Jtzszxzstsx
said.
"You look flushed," said the moth- ot"*‘	.	.
or anxiously, "and your eyes-what ^	opened her Ups to speak
have you been doing to them*” Then she closed them sharply, and on, "ft was the sunrise," said Delia, li£M	to his to be ktssed.
stooping to kiss her mother tenderly, so that her face was hidden in the shadow.
the way home."
/i id almost certainly give the jest fice department the victory, ritisli Government telegraph system such u vast improvement over the mpet iug systems which previously ,'nailed us to incline Britons fnvor-‘'ly to the new project. Once the cm is complete the lines ided throughout the King* central office of fn ,onv-f stem will be the building
T ictoria street now used as grand reception, where she was to
innet the man whom fate and her god-fa I heir bad designed for her husband. The situation as set forth in old Mr. Raymond's will was simplicity itself, if Delia married Colonel Raymond, half the old man's fortune was hers and half Colonel Raymond's; if not, bvr share and half his went to the Society for the Free Distribution of India-Rubber Shoes Among the Natives of the African Swaiups. While Delia was cowering among her white furs in the carriage on the way to Lady Denbigh's, where she was to" dine and then attend the reception, a sudden thought struck her.
She sat motionless during her six-mile drive, and, as the carriage door opened, she nprang out with a firm step, and a Lee alight with a new resolve. Lady Denbigh was her old school friend, newly married, and married, as it happened, to a man who had been Colonel Raymond’s college chum.
When the after dinner moment came, Delia, alone with her hostess, caught her by the hands arid called her her only friend and her dearest dear.
Lady Denbigh laughed and Delia unfolded her plan—her great idea.
When Lord Denbigh Joined them his wife was in convulsions of laughter in a great armchair, and Delia was standing on the hearth-rug looking earnestly in the mirror.
" We ought to be starting, my dear,' he said. " What is this supreme, this ineffable joke which you are enjoying I"
" I'll tell you as we go along *" his wife answered. "Delia isn’t coming with us, so we won’t stay long. We're coming back to fetch her, and then we'll go to the masked ball at the Casino des Fleurs. Delia has never been lo a masked ball."
"But Raymond t", he said.
Delia blushed and stamped her foot. Don't be detestable," she said, smiling at him. " Do as your pretty lady tells you "
“ Mademoiselle is right," he answered, and offered his arm to his wife.
" We will take Colonel Raymond with us, of course," said Lady Denbigh, rising. " Good-by, Miss White-gown I Try to amuse yourself until we return for you."
When Delia found herself alone she looked once more in the glass, and rnoe more laughed softly to herself. Then she ran upstairs, two steps it a time, and rang for Lady Denbigh's maid to some to her.
see
Lord and Lady Denbigh drove up to
the Casino deg Fleure sod est loot en
The gown was on, the pearls round the pretty neck, the flowers adjusted on the slender figure, it was a vision that might have turned a hundred
home.

hauls in a single evening, and none could have been astonished at the aud-
/
person. Deli» da need fourteen time®, with Colonel Raymond. Lord and jtiïây
den turning.
The Nu ganta were staying in a quiet town some six miles from Cannes. To- Dfinfcigh had men ttftrrtld tor three alght, Delia was to be tak'vn to a | months, and, being singularly oon-
en>iy danc-
-h« flosbeil indignant denial at him.
"You know I didn’t! No; that morning, an I everything was entirely your doing.’’
"You didn’t wish rum to like you then,—that first morning,—when we met among the myrtles#’’
"Of course not," she answered, but she hi t her face.
"Perhaps," he went on, laughing a little for pure happiness, anil turning her face tilt her eyes met his, "perhaps you didn't wish me to like you now I”
"Of course not,’ lightly.
mb, hid her face again on his shoulder.
"Itecause my lathi- aesired me to keep this Christmas at our own There is a girl,—he wished me to marry her,—and he wished me to entertain her ant her mother at
f


etituted seemed to ing with each other more then waits

house.

,'fice of the Post Office Sav-f The Savings Hank head-vil 1 be removed to Sensing-

ing with other people.


’’ We are doing them a kindness," said Delia in the high-pitched voice, "by dancing so much together, leaves them free,—the dear, silly things I"
" Do you think it silly," be asked, "to prefer dancing with your wife to dancing with anyone elsef" "Absurd!" Delia laughed, noisily, laugh did not ring quite


I
II
| ent the great digging nprr-e following the basin of the pretty closely, for naturally •ded business section of Lon-be provided with its new tele-rst of all. The post office peo-r a two-mile circle around St. •Cathedral, and proceeded to it. To do that they had to ire every street, court and alley 11 thgt great section, a job that le over nineteen months, began digging. Underground London is already such a vast network of varions " plante," old and new, that It has been no easy task to find a place in every street where the telephone wires could be laid. Perhaps the contractors had their pleasantest time in Cheapside, where in digging they found a curious system of holjowed tree trunks through which 160 or more years ago, a part of London got its water supply. The trunks were black with age, but most of them Bound as a nut, and were promptly pounced upon by Londoners eager for souvenirs.



she answered, then, as her eyes met hie,

but . true.
In the high, shrill voice she had chosen, Delia dial tried to her cavalier of all things in heaven and earth; and of all things she spoke flippantly irreverently, and when she could remember to do it, with silly irrationality. Her companion grew more and more silent. In his mind a growing conviction thrust out small talk. Every now and then he found himself making phrases about Miss Nugent. "Commonplace as cabbage, vulgar as a pork-butcher’s daughter; flippant, frivolous, a flirt;" and he grew more and more certain that this Miss Nu-
“And so all ends happily," he went hoi ling her closely, "and we both have our fortunes, and—"
"Ah, don’t," .«-be cried, "as if the fortune mattered I I’m glad of it, though—because my mother is glad. Hut os for you and me! Oh, my dear! 1 am glad you loved me when you thought 1 was being you a fortune, instead of bringing you one. It will bo something to hold to my heart all my life long."
"And as for my heart," ixe answered, "it is you I shall hold to my heart all my life long—all our happy lives long, my darling!"
The hall clock bad struck the hour, and from beyond the park, across the frozen snow, came the sweet Jingle of the Christmas bells.
She turned sweet, wet eyes on him ”1 don’t deserve to be sa hippy.’ she said, "and God is very good ti roe!"
My father," he went on, "once loved this girl’s mother, and he wished,— but it couldn’t bj, and if he knows He wished
<
.e
"It shone in my eyes all
now ho will understand.
to marry her, and,—he loved old
• •
roe
customs; ho wished me to lead her out the tenants on Christinas
The rosy flush of sunrise had died away, but the freshness of early morning still lay on the land, pure as I he memoties of childhood.
Colonel Raymond, lounging at ease among the myrtle and lentisens bushes on the rooky coast, the dark pine woods behind him, and before him the diamond-set sapphire of the Mediterranean, was suddenly aware of a human presence breaking the chan m of the morning’s perfect atill-The masked hill, and his rneet-
bedore
Day, and kins her under the mistletoe, sign that,—it sounds silly, does-
I
t" "
as a
n’t it I"
"No," she said, looking out through green of the olives; "it
the gray
sounds very pretty,—if you had loved
hor."
"Ah-if !
only root her onoe. ed roe almost as much as 1 detested
gent, whom his father had desired him to marry, was intolerable.
" Money," she said, as they sat sipping pink ” grenadines," on the veranda, aud looking out on the many-colored lights of the illuminated gardens. "Obi" 1 would do anything for money I It is the one thing worth having in ihj and I, Colon well enough I" She forced a shrill titter. It was her crowning stroke. It took effect.
" You should speak for yourself, Miss Nugent," he said sternly. And Delia, in the hot hiding of her mask, bugged herself for her cunning, "He would not merry me now," she thought, "though it ooet him ‘ the helf of his Kingdom.’ "
Then she felt secure and left the talk to him. And presently a little chill fell on her; for, cold and formal as his talk was, it was not the, talk of e fool or a dotard. Again and again she found him voicing sentiments which she could have echoed, and the severity, the quiet power of the roan awed end, at the same time, charmed her. Round them the crowd of merrymakers surged sod flowed and ebb{ ed. The time for unmasking drew near, and Delia trembled a little.
" It would here been enough without that I " she thought, bitterly, seeing the stern set of the men’s lips below the mask
The signal te unmask came et sup-Lady Denbigh’s Sweet, flushed face appeared from behind the black velvet, then her kuehand’s Jolly, laughing eye* Them Heymarod after the
1
But it is you I love.
1 think she loath-
btu.”
neee.
HOURS AND MINUTES.
Miss Clubb—'Yes we had e meeting but we didn’t accomplish anything Miie Chubb—Why, you were in session nearly three houre.
Mise Clubb—I know, but it took all that time to read and approve thi minutes of the last meeting.
Delia's heart gave a throb, half joy, half patn.
"Poor girl," eho said gently.
Raymond Laughed low end kissed her Mmouth cnoeJt.
"Oh, love,” he said, ’ it is too hard, —to win you, and then to leave you I But in the very earliest of the New Your I shall come back, and then
with the bride, the dark browed, shrill-tongue,! bride whom ha father had chosen for him, had left him He bad tossed through a
As showing the possibilities for increase in the population of this continent the speakers of the Irrigation Congress in Chicago announced that by diverting the upper waters of the Columbia, the Colorado and the Missouri rivers, so as to irrigate their erid valleys homes can be made for more people than now live east of the. Kieeiaeippi River.
ijgj^esome world. You
sleepless.
ioatless hour, and then, through the pink glow of the sunrise, had wandered out along the Nice road, past the white sands and darkening fir troee of lean de Pina, and so through
ymond, know thaï
the dusky orchards and by sleeping villas, to the wild eastern, side of the Cap d’AntiUdO. And there he rested, reflecting on many things; there, too, he met his fate.
A girl in a gown of bright dark blue,—the color of a peacock where he fa bluest,-cams along the rugged path between the myrtles. Her hair shone like gold in the new eunlight, her but hung in her hand,—a large white hat. She bad stuck pink roses in its broad ribbon, and aba came toward him, unconscious of his pros ,xuoe, ewingiag the had by its white strings, and singing;
An’ ye are fbe laddie that gave me the penny.
The led that I’ll lee till the day that 1 dee.’’	%
Heir voice was soft and singularly ¦ met. Colonel Raymond Jumped up trom hfa km Use us bush; the girl si« him, stumped singing, passed him, an she passed she bowed. He raise, hfa hat mechanically.
He stood looking after her. She know him. then I And he,-could he
HER IDENTITY.
"Will you kiss roe when you see me
again #’’ aeko.1 Delia suddemy, looking earnestly at him, " wherever it is*" "if you will,—if you are gracious
enough to permit me to----”
"It's a promise, ’ she said, end they strolled through the orchard toward their porting.
Mrs. Hauskeep—Yes, my new gir formerly worked for Mrs. DeSty.e She claims she left there of her oxi accord, but I think she was di«charg
r ' »
PURELY PESSIMIS TIC.
That next-door neighbor of yours deserves a great deal of credit.
For what ? asked Mr. Blykina.
Why, for being eo neat. He is always up in the morning cutting the grass on (his lawn or shoveling the enow off his sidewalk.
Oh, be doesn't do those things bc-He enjoys the

ed.
Mrs. Haul—What makes you thinl
sol
i
Mrs. Hauskeep—I judge so fron certain things she’s let fall since she'r been here.
Mrs. Kaul—Wkat were they?
Mrs. liauekeep—Dishes.
All Us» tenant* were gathered together for the merrymaking on Christmas Eve.
I
Over the last Chi fat mas the shadow of death had hi in thick and heavy, but this year he old hall was hung with garlands of evergreen,—holly, yew and laurel, -and every ¦ ight.
Raymond was nervously picturing hfa meeting with the shrill-voiced, black-haired lady whom his father • last wishes had designed for him, and rlwi thought of the go! ten-haired girl who bad wen his heart among the dive gardens only comforted him by The situation was. at beet, an «nloxtunaU one.
be is neat.
cause
thought that his noise is worrying the neighbors.

WHAT HE DIED OF.
I hear Timmie Murphy is dead, observed Mrs. Cronin, leaning over the back yard fence.
He is dead, said Mrs Tourney.
And phat did he die avf Ha died iv a Cbuedah.
HAD TESTED HER.
Briggs—Thet medium doeen't know thing when she is in a trance. Griggs—Ob, yes she does.
BriggW—Whet makes you think so: Grig gw—Because the other day I tried to steal away in the middle of one-wit bout paying.
TUB RESTING SPELL.
Be other iheoites with wisdom rill, 1‘rocmstinn.tion is the spies of Ufa.
window ablaze with


a »
MAN’S SOLACE.
A rich old pip*
A yell -w leaf tJ Mean, A lighted match,
And so for galfuiu»*#,
per.



moi
Mian



l




T
-UL- -

t
###PAGE###4###
¦Bi








1









i


j^lf. Howard,
Public Notice.
THE EQUITY.

llfimE
II
The annual meeting of the l'ont me Ag vlfuitlirai Society No. I. will lie held in the Town Hall, Slmwville on Wednesday the lilt h inst. ut 2, p. m„ for the purpose of electing a new hoard of Directors for 11*01. JOHN YOl'NG,
I’resident.
Y. 3tr)
gggjÈ
Fi
SHAWVILLE, DEC. '->0, 1900.
AGENT FOR
Fed. Life Assurance Go.,
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS . . . SHAWVILLE . . .
m


K. GRAHAM,
Sec. -Tivns,
The Season for
EDITORIAL NOTES.
Of Hamilton, Ont.,
Conley Church *
Organs, Piarços
Sewing Machines
Public Notice.
The Dominion Parliament is expected to meet about the lith of February.
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Shaw ville.
To the inha hi tant s of the aforesaid Mu nlvIpaliH I’uhlie Notice is her, I,y given l«y .1. It. lliirncr, the undersigned Secretary Treasurer of tho aforesaid Municipality f 'Plait n publie meeting of the Municipal Electors of said Municipality, qualified to vote for Municipal CTuincillora. will lie held at the town hall in the said Munlcl palitv, on Monday the 7tli day of January next,' Will, at ten o'clock in the forenoon, for thv purpose of then ami there electing three Councillors of the said Municipality, pursuant to the provisions of the Municipal Code of the Province of Quebec, to replace Messrs. John A. Cowan, George llynes and G, Fred Hodglns, retiring councillors.
Given tills till, day of December one thousand nine hundred.

and
The British Parliament was prorogued oil Saturday last, after voting the moneys required for the South African war. It is expected to meet again in February.
The Provincial elections in Prince Ed ward Island on Wednesday last wont strongly in favor of the Government. The Liberals are certainly enjoying the growing time to a remarkable extent.
Mr. Chicoyuc, the Conservative candidate, has been declared elected in Wolfe by a majority of sixteen, This adds one to the Conservative strength in the Legislature, and a very good one. The minority may be small numerically, but it raises the average intellectually.

HEAO-QUARTEHS FOR
STOVES
Otfli-e and Residence opposite Dr. Lyon's. Shaw ville.
Harness,
Collars,
Bells,
Whips,
IMPORTANT
Robes,
Coats,
Rugs,
Blankets,
Is now In !
TO
HOC RAISERS.
Cutters,
Sleighs,
Sloops,

DALE BROS.
FOR SERVICE.

Improve,! Cheater White Hog. Took first prizes at Shaw ville anil llenchtmrg Exhibitions this year. Fee, $l.Ut).
Apply toll. t. McDowell,
Clarendon.

SHAWVILLE,
Are prepared to supply! the public with Stoves ) of all kinds at lowest ! possible prices.
.1. It. HORNER. Sec. Tiens.

Public Notice.
Washers, Wringers, Churns, Sewing Machines,
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice Is hereby given tlint a public meeting of t he proprietors of real estate and resident householders of the niclpalitv of Clarendon will be livid in the town hall in the village of Shaw ville on Monday the I till dav of the month of January. 1901, at the hour of ten In the morning. to proceed with the election of two councillors in the room and stead of Thomas Macfarlane and Thomas I’rondergast, Kscirs., whose term of office has expired.
Given at Shawvllle this 11th day of December. 1000.
FOR SERVICE.
A Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog, lived by A. \V. ltoss, of Douglas. Fee, $1.00. Apply to
JAMES ARMSTRONG.
Green Lake.
Axes, &c.
Shovels,
The calculation is made by a Liberal authority that the vote in the parliamentary elections stood 133,000 for Libera] candidates, and 103,000 for Conservative candidates. The defeated party is very much stronger among the people than it is among their representatives in the House of Commons. Conservatives, though they have barely one ninth of the members, had three-sevenths of the vote cast. When people thinks what this means they will not despair for the Conservative party’s future.
Mu
PONTIAC
WOOLLEN’
FOR SERVICE.
Cross Thoroughbred Chester White and Berkshire hog for service. Fine, lengthy animal. Fee, fifty cents.
Apply to
GEORGE CATER,
Shawvllle.
SMART & SMITH.
11. MATHESOX. Sec.-Trees.
MILLS.
GEO. HYNES,
FOR SERVICE.

This well-known ami reliabli
Purebred Berkshire Hog, Took 1st prize at Shawvllle Exhibition this year. Apply to
ALEX. BEAN, Portage Road
establishment will be foirnc



FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
this season fully prepared as usual to meet the n

The old antiquated system of repairing roads by means of statute labor seems likely to become a thing of the past in the province of Ontario in a few years. Already several counties have abolished it and have adopted the contract system, and we observe that at the approaching municipal elections some fifty others are to vote on the question and decide whether they shall go in for improved methods of road-making or adhere to the old rule which of late years has grown greatly in disfavor.
This very important reform which is taking place in the sister province, is the outcome of a process of education which has been going on for some years, and also to the use of road making machinery,
pe rated under the direction of practical r j, I builders, and both have proven to a de nstration that much better results can be had with less expenditure than under the old system. As people realize this they readily fall into line, and so a ’iich needed change is rapidly spreading throughout the province, until it seems be,ond the region of a doubt that the reform will be universal in the near future.
In the province of Quebec no move has yet been made in the direction taken by our neighbors, and there appears no logical reason why we should be behind. But we need the instructive agencies that have been at work in Ontario to set the ball rolling, and our Government should be impressed with the wisdom of supplying them. An appropriation for this purpose would be money well spent, as it would undoubtedly lead to a c’aas of internal development that has beeu sadly-neglected. The stupid policy, long ago adopted, of stinting our road allowances, debars us of course, from being able to cope with Ontario in this respect, but there remains to us great scope for improvement.
QHHISTMAS GIFTS
THAT MAKE THE HEART CLAD
FOR SERVICE.
quiremeute of the farraw of the county.

Pure brerl registered Berkshire Hog for service. Fee one dollar.
Apply to E. BROWNLEE,
Shawvllle.
Our stock of ClotH,
Including all the finest makes In ,
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.



I
m
FOR SERVICE.
o
SERGES,
TWEEDS,
WORSTEDS,
&c. <Sfcc.
IN UNDERTAKING
White Yorkshire Hog " Frank" one year old ; took first prizes at Shawvllle exhibition this year and last Fee 75 cents. Apply to ROUT. WILSON,
Clarendon.

I also koi p a complete stock of t une-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. ' Open day and night.
is what you want to present to your friends. A useful present is always appreciated by the recipient. We have a magnificent stock of -
<s,
\\
V



v v
FOR SERVICE.
»

i
, m
will lie found ( holee and complete in eve respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITE

a#
Fee-
Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog.
81.11) for 1 sow, or $2.till for three sows. Apply to SAM I. KNOX.
Lot 1, Utli Con. Clarendon.
THE MARKETS.
Fine Perfumes, Albums Photo Frames, Albums,
Xmas Cards and Calendars,
Books, Booklets, &c.
SHAWVLLLE.
Wheat, (standard) 70 to 73c. Oats per bushel, 00 to 24c.
Pease per bushel, 00 to 37c, Egg , per dozen, 13c.
per pound, 17 to trie. Wool, per tC'ind. 10 to 18c. Pelts, each, 00 to f3c Turkeys. 8 to Rjrts.
Geese, 3 to 5}cta.
Chickens, 5 to S^cfs.
Ducks, fit to 7cts.
Pork, 5J to filets.
A. HODCINS,
PRORO PRIETO R
y
FOR SERVICE.


Purebred Berkshire for sVfvlve. Fee, one dollar. Applv tu
ALEX II. KI1.GOVR.
7th Range Clarendon.
worn
FALL
—-v,
Come Early !
Make your selections before the last day. You will Ik- better served and it will also give u> a better chance to please you.
FOR SERVICE.
GOOD,
Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog, I)avl,s Champion (No. 11778). bred bv .1. E. lire I hour, of Huiford. Out. Took" 1st at Toronto and 2nd at Ottawa in liW. Fee—one dollar.	WM. HODCINS.
Portage du Port.
î
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
THE DRUG STORE
OTTAWA
Butter, print,24c. péril»,
“ pails, 19 to 23c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 23c, per doz. Potatoes, 40 to 43c. per bag. Api»les, 43 to 75c. per bag. Lamb, 7 to Oc. per II».
Mutton, fi to fie. peril».
Beef, 31 to BJc. per lb.
Pork. $11.30 to 80.75 per 100. Chickens, 35 to 55c. a pair. Oats, 23 to 20c. per bushel. Hay, S'J.Otl to $11.(X) per ton. Wool, 14 to 17c. per lb.

Stray Cow.
Our customers will ti well stocked up with a , . line of . .
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned a red cow. The owner can have her hv proving property and paving expenses. JOSEPH BROWNLEE, Parkniatu
We are Agents
Winchester
SEASONABLE COOL,
The
of all kinds for.
WOOD WANTED.

Fall & Winter Tra-
1
The undersigned is prepared to receive tenders for 1(10 cords of stove w ood (soft and hard.) Also 25 cords of cord wood. Wood to be dclivere i any time during the winter.


X. V
and a comparison prices will show that we are in it with the best of them for good values and satisfactory dealing.
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.

GEORGE CATER. P. S.—For Sale, Cheap. tOUlb. hog ami 2 second-hand single sleighs.
i
Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and 10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at $1.50 per hundred.
IV|cDOUGALL and GUINEAS Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
Government and seek ng favori from i>, inch as land or railway or timber or mining concession», put up the fundi, and get it all back again with big intereit in the grant! afterwards made to them out of the peopl e't taxes or asaets. The party out of power gets its funds from its friends too, but they are always fewer, and as the risk they take ii greater they gamble lesa. Contractors and railway promoters are usually on the aide of the party in power, though they sometimes put up for both sides, so as to be sure of a win no matter how the game goes. Of course a Government has another leverage in the patronage at its disposal, and we have heard it alleged that it gets heavy contributions from this source. It is certain, for instance, that there are men in the Senate of Canada who had absolutely no claim upon the position, except that they were men of means. If the Government grants Mr. H. H. Cook a commission to investigate his charge in this respect we may hear something really startling.—Events, Ottawa.
WOOD TENDERS.
THE COST OF ELECTIONS.
Tenders will be received by the School Commissioners, addressed to the School Sec. Treasurer of Shaw ville, up to 10 o'clock ou Saturday the 15th Inst., for 15 cords of good, sound Dry Pine and 30 cords of Hardwood maple, birch or beech, two feet long and split suitable for use. Cash on delivery
Shawville, Dec. 3,1900,
Some Speculation as to what it
Amounts to and who Provides it.
A great many stories are going the rounds as to the amount of money the Government spent in the elections, and the chances are that there is a good deal of exaggeration. That they spent money, and lots of it, there is not the least doubt, but if they spent anything like the sum each candidate alleges to have been employed against him, the country would not be able to produce it within the next twenty-five years. I have heard men declare that there was 850,000 used against them, when probably there was nut 85,000. But even admitting that it was the smaller amount only, what a lot it amounts to in the aggregate ; and it comes out of the people one way or another. It is admitted, as a matter of course, that a Government has the advantage in an election, " because it has the moiyy.” No one seems to question their ha-vy it as anything but what should ^ovone apparently inquires into the why the Government has more money for election purposes than the Op position. The questions are never asked “ Where do they get it, whose money is it they get, and have they a right to use it for party purposes ! " These are questions that, are never put. No matter which is in power, it is recognized that it has the money, and the other fellows are short of funds. It may surprise eoroe people to be told that the money a Government uses in an election is the people's money. True they do not sign an official check for it and draw directly Hon. A. S. Hardy, ex-premier of On-from the people’s funds, but they might tnrio, on Thursday received a check for as well, for all the difference it makes. 817.000 and a silver service from his pol-Wealthy men doing business with the itical admirers.
'•V )
#
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.

H. LANG. Sec. Treas.
Agents, Why Don’t Ton Send for a Free Prospectus

FRESH and CURED
WANTED
MEATS
A number of Teams to haul supplies on Kippewa for W. J. Connelly.
Apply to JAS. ARMSTRONG,
(Green Lake), Shawvllle.
of Can AU.Va Sons on Koj>jb ash Vi: lot ? It is the latest Look out. An agent just re]K>rt.s fil sales in 8 days, another ‘-Ml in 4 days. Big Book, sumptuously illustrated, and is so cheap it sells on sight.
Send for a FREE PROSPECTUS before you sleep, and make money easy and quick.
of all kinds at
Desirable Property for Sale.
THE SHAWVILLE
Heat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,

DEER SLAYING RECORD. %
Number Killed in Ontario this Year will Reach 5,000.
The undersigned offers for sale Ills farm property, desirably situated in the Front of Clarendon Township, being Lot No. II. on the 3rd range thereof, and containing onelmmlrcd seres (more or less) of good land, all tillable, with about 70 acres cleared of stumps and stones, and well fenced. The soil consists of sandy loam with some clay and clay loam, and the p excellently watered. On the farm are erected a good log house, suitable size and well finished Inside ; log stable and pig aery : new frame burn with cow stalls underneath ; old log ham and sheds suitable for storage of liny or grain.
This farm which is well adapted for stock purposes, is situated I miles from Shawville and lit from Bristol Ferry, and is convenient to" church and school. Tin-pro perty will lie sold reasonable for cash, or half cash down, with balance In yearly payments at (1 per cent interest. For further particulars apply to the owner.
JAS. T. CALDWELL.
or C. CALDWELL, Shawvllle.
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
BRANTFORD, ONT.
\
Toronto, Dec. 11,—The chief game warden, Mr. Tinsley, estimates that the number of deer killed in Ontario this sea-season will total about 5,000. This is nearly 2,000 less than the total number killed last year. Reports from the deputy game wardens are now coming in, and the exact figures will be available In a few days. This season the warm weather, together with the snowstorms during the last few days, when hunters lost their dogs, hive helped to reduce the total.
I •
reason
Proprietor.
remises are
.303 Calibre.
Mb
*

i


Savage Magazine Rifle.

THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.
i
3
One rifle takes six different cartridges.
Point Blank Range for Hunting.
¦O-H ARMS OO., UTICA, N. Y., C. 9. AMERICA.
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game,
Writs for complete 160» Catalogue.
n
S'
l.
\

/

i

j____:
/


-fa—
TS
###PAGE###5###


¦h
T v.
*)«*


/
y
s
}



!
!

Z
1

%

the equity,
* Week,l'	devoted to local Interest».
Court Shawville,
No 816.
trail
A LETTER

THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Itti!1 ) S'" •™r ’KM.
s:
VieilI ne brethren cordially Invited.
l*VBLHMeD KVRKY Turn*n*Y
PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION-fl.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
peper stopped unlit all arrearage» » paid, <iule«* by special arrangement with ublleher.
AT 8HAWVILI.E, Co.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
CfL.U.C.
#•* No
FROM


/. A. Cowan, R 8.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
H. H. BAKNRTT, F.8
SANTA ? CLAUS !
J. W. Kadkm. C. R

ADVERTISING RATES :
JOStSHt	i»-n a-
r/EEEESEF sSws
SSaiSSS
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
84 Nepenn St., Ottawa. Ont.,
BR AGENT.
I. XT ne;
rate
and
Limier of ill Kills Braill ni soli.
FOR
Frost Town, Dec. 10, 1900.
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt Returns.
Commission Business » Specialty.
SLEIGHS, CUTTERS, ROBES, BLANKETS, HARNESS, WHIPS, BELLS, &c:,
Mr. G. F. Hudgins, Dear Sir :
i !
Allow mo to inform that I Mill make my regular visit to Shaw ville on Xmas Kve, and I take pleasure in intimating that you have been appointed Commander in-Chief for the distribution of the immense stock of Dolls, Games and Toys which I have sent Kindly show all the dear little
you
RtrcHturtv by Pekmimiox :

lionU Murphy. Pr,'« Ottvwu Trnn»porta:l,,o Co, F. Vi Avery,, Hull Lumber Cu.
J. T. ShlrrllT, K U. Kd.ly V».
Latihforil it Mc DougsU, lhirrlatera.
John Heue.v S Son».
Il N. Date * Sou.
JOB PRINTING.
¦
I

JOHN A. COWAN,
>lv
Publisher.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR, JOIjN S^ITij, Proprietor.
s
IE I
Business Cards.
i»
MEDICAL.
you.
boys and girls through these goods and allow them to select anything which suit their infantile fancy. All are welcome. Hoping to see all the ladies and children at your store,
F. M.A. McNaughtorj, M.D..C.M.
The *pot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, ok A Clean Shave.
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Slmwville.
Office hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
may
1
il
**¦ Your Turn next.
CALL AT
Gi.Bialilsi,
D. B. ALEXANDER, M.D., C. M,
/
SMILEY’S.
f
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trtulty Univeriity, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by «lamination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornca sxo Ilr.viutvn : J. H AaniTBoao'* House, SHAWVILLK,
I am, sir,
Yours sincerely, SANTA CLAUS.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
ill
end
JEWELLER
main street
nè
¦M
m
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK Of
iWATCHIB,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
d<\ At\t Repairi.wj—
a Specîamiv;

m
----- ««g
CHRISTMAS S WANTS
ffiSSB
¥
LEGAL.
me
y!
rt
BOORBBAD RAINVILLE, L L. L,

’l

*
Ô

The reputation of this Store for always carrying in stock at this season the latest Novelties in Christmas Goods is still maintained and fully endorsed.
ADVOCATE . . niiYSON,
- will vim Shawville every Monday.



?

hJ



'm
ZSSSSSggfa


t
WM. GAMBLE,
SHAWVILLE, J.
• • •
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 20, Trust Building, No, Is Sparks St., Ottawa, Out.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday of each mouth,
AtHce-over O. F. Hodglns' Store, Main SI.
SUPPLIED AT THE
|| The PALACE w GROCERY
I We take pleasure in calling the attention of ------- intending purchasers to our large and select
Canada Atlantic By. stock of Christmas and holiday Goods :
Staple and Fancy Groceries,
Best brands Green aqd Black Teas,
Chase & Saqborn’s “ Seal Brand ” Coffee.
• • •
TTT
District and Country.
.
W e wish you a Merry Xmas and Happy New Year. We thank you for past favors, and solicit your present orders. Many returns. e
rAlOiQDQl
»6 4
Wallace Pink, who left Pembroke for the Northwest aeveral months ago in CEO C WPIfîHT s*-arch of health, died on Monday of last w* wv Vin I , week. He is a son of Mr. Thos. Pink ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C , and is the third to die of consumption „ , of the proVim e ok QVEliEc,	within a few years.
“ FTrust Building—	The printers’ dollars—where are they ?
asks the Mound Valley Herald. A dollar here and a dollar there, scattered all over numerous small towns miles and miles apart. II >w shall they be gathered in ?
5:	r:z;,"ZL TAR1-'F AGAmaT ot*AD»-
again to battle for us and vindicate our A
credit. Header, are you su re	}>avr An American Paper Questions
our CHRISTMAS and
Aiir ,	see if we are right	--- NEW YEAR
I tie Pembroke Standard says Father New York, Dec. 14.—The Commercial c a MAPKAV ? /¦' i	Kiernan, of Sheen, is wondering where	Advertiser, referiing to the probability
O. M. tviMV r\M Y, O.O.L.,,	his male population struck the well on	°f a commercial treaty between New
NOTARY PU Bid \ NOTARY FOR THE	«'.tciion day last week. He is not used	foundland and the United States, says.
REUANt E I.OaN ANr> ha\ iNtis	to seeing them so boisterous and so tur-	“ There is reason to believe that the an-
ww-. ism,b“,aLt&ïïïs
'ssMsyar >.................«,	g Stir stitirKSMir
but the reverend Father trusts that it is eries question is the larger one of whether j exhaustible and will dry up. He says we are going to exempt Canadians from I that if there was as many “ damns *’ and the stringency of our protective tariff, nI,E dt FERlOR COURT as heavy flooding in other places through especially against their natural products.
^".clastFud.yasmNhesn. thiaccm- U never waaso evident a, itisiL tha,
WhWjall Conrtstn the County, Collections m8 *Pnn8 drive will be the fastest on we shall need some of those products, and mv'^udp^omplreUrn^.sured	record.	that American capital will help to develop	iw-**th, 20th, »»th. Mst. and Jan.
V I I tiirnfb	Mr. It. A. Campbell, ex-M.P.P., hav- 'he resources of the Dominion, there be- '' e "ming until Jan. :trd.
J. J. UKINfcK,	ing received hia Reward in the shape of
itCïNel t . JTIfljfEER for the County the Renfrew registrarahip for services
...
hand tor sale: OUR ; Bhawvule.Que. understood that the Dr. will be placated
-------' ............—by being appointed clerk of the county
HOTELS.	court, and that Mr. Thompaon, who at
present fills this position, will be dismissed on the charge of incompetency.—
Eganville Enterprise.
While the Boers proved no mean foe in the war in South Africa, they were not so deadly an enemy to the British forces as disease. The figures of the hospital report are Impressive, not to say appalling. There were no less than 15,625 cases of typhoid fever alone, of which 3,642 proved fatal. Bad water has been given as the cause of so much typhoid.
Charges have been made, too, that some troops have been sleeping in the open for 13 months without tents and almost without blankets. How far these things were true, or. if true, avoidable, will be a matter for rigid investigation. It warn the supply train which was Britain’s weakness in the Crimea. The record of the poor soldiers who learned then how near human beings can approach starvation and not all die, will ever be remembered aa a blot upon the name of the Commis sanat Department of that day. It is only fair to say that some of the charges in the present war—at least so far as the colonial troops are concerned—have not been sub alaotiated. Many of those who returned deem the hardships endured as largely avoidable.—Montreal Star.
Fish and Game Men's Recommendations.
m

G. F. HODGINS.

;
48 Sparks Street. Ottawit,
vjr Phone No. 117:1.
/Attend» courts of Ottawa nml Pontine
». District».
Sr
zn*
/
x
W. IRELAND,
Cierfc of thè^Slslriet Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and vfatttyincer. Deeds, Mortgages, eu-., executed legal!/ and sail# factorlly.

SHAWVILLE - -
HOLIDAYS !

High-class Confectionery-all kinds, Dried, Evaporated and Green Fruits.
Fancy China and Glassware, Novelties of every Description. Children’s Toys in endless variety.
î
SINGLE FARE.
Going December 21st; 22nd, 2tlrd. 21th and i.nh. Returning until Dec. ddth.
FARE and one third.



WILLIAM ELLIOTT


* '


Call and inspect Goods.
Prices Right.
I
ing recent and conspicuous proof of this in several notable entei prises.
__________________________,
'"""TTwAWN PALACE GROCERY - - - SHAWVILLE.
A
now
I
WII.1
2,000 Dead Brought from Manila to San Francisco.
San Franciso, Cal., Dec. 13—The United States army transport Hancock, arrived yesterday from Manila after a stormy voyage, with a grewsome cargo. It consisted of the dead bodies of nearly 2,000 sailors and soldiers, who either died in battle or succumbed to the ages of disease in the Philippines, China, Guam and Honolulu. This is the largest number of bodies brought home since the outbreak of the Spanish1 American war.
The Hancock will likely remain in quarantine a few days. The bodies will be conveyed to the Presidio and placed in the buildings there pending interment or shipment to the homes of the relatives.
The Hancock was twenty-five days in making the run from Manila and was seventeen days in coming from Nagasaki, the last port at which she touched.
Asst. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Farmers !
IivW
the administration has net the slightest idea that the convention will be accepted by the British Government. If this belief is well founded, then the document will go into the limbo of treaties failed of ratification, its position comparing in degree with the Olney-Pauncefote
St. Lawrence Hall,
T.„ Q
Mrs C. M. McLean,
We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will enable you to carry off prizes in bread tition at the county fair every time.
skma ami Callings Represented |We Can Sell JOU at l0W6St pilOSS FlOUP, Grain,
Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
«T FULL STOCK ALWAYS ON HAND.
AIN
owr
>
rav-
Proprletre».,
some
treaty.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livsry Attached.
1
I.
THE NEW PARLIAMENT. Some Statistics of the Profes-
compe-
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and DOOR


I
>
Ottawa, December 13.—The new Parliament of Canada contains, out of a total membership of 213, sixty lawyers, thirty three merchants, twenty nine farmers, eighteen doctors, eleven newspapermen, eleven manufacturers, nine lumbermen, seven gentlemen, live notaries, three grain dealers, two bankers, two traders, I two distillers, one printer, one rancher, one real estate agent, one oil operator, one miners’ agent, one mill owner, one cheese dealer, one contractor and farmer. I one financier, one ship owner, one fruit I grower, one cattle exporter, one account- I ant, and one minister of the Gospel. In [ half a dozen cases no mention has been I made in the returns to the Clerk nf the Crown in Chancery of the occupations I that the new members follow.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO.
—ALL KINDS OF—
HAY PAUNCEFOTE TREATY.
Britain wont Accept it as Amend ment by U. S. Senate.
Interior & Exterior I
FINISH FOR
Eoniea Sc Verandahs j
manufactured.
JAS. GRAHAM
Washington, Dec. 15.—The Senate committee on foreign relations yesterday held a special meeting and decided to recommend further amendments of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty. The committee adopted an amendment suggested by Sen ater Foraker, which declares that the Hay-t'auncefoto treaty supersedes the C.’ayton Bulwer treaty, strikes outoi the Hay Pauncefute agreement, article 3, which permits the submission of the Pay-Paunvefoto treaty to other powers and invites their acceptance of it.
Unless amended beyond any degree proposed in the Senate by the responsible leaders, and resolved into such form as to make it an absolute discourteous matter to be communicated, the pending Hay-Pauncefote treaty will be submitted to the British Government by the President. The communication will be pro forma for
Ï
BOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED LUMBER, Ac. Ac .
Kept In .lock an t made to order. LVMBiR DRESSED AT POPULARPRICES.
Furniture Dealer snÿ Undertaker...
un-

McCREDIE & HODCrlNS.
Estimates furnished.
and which also
SUCCESSOR TO
CÜTHBERTS01T, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT, Main Street - (Opposite G. F. Hodgins’) - Shawville.
A flrst-class stock of Furniture of all kinds now on hand, including some special bargains in Lounges and Parlor Suites.
UNDERTAKING CALLS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
Montreal, Dec, 14.—At a meeting of representatives of the Fiait and Game interests of the various provinces, held here to day, it was decided to recommend ,P, ..	tothe provincial governments that the
needed to meet current demands.	8*me birds be abolished and the open
¦ H. I.ANG, season be from September 15th to De-Sec.-Treat, I camber 31st.

r^o
It is estimated that fully 5,000 have left Ottawa and Hull this for the lumber shanties. A large ber not included In this list who gaged in the local mills during the are also being sent forward. Many of the men are given employment on the limita along the Ottawa, Gatineau and Coulonge, but others are sent as far west as Fort William,
men
season num-were en
lesson
SCHOOL NOTICE.
i
J
Shawville, Oct. 29, I960.
4
i______
i

###PAGE###6###


Zm.



\ •
I


1
A
/
N
* »
V
r
V
i


inythlig that li offered you, bmteeethel you got wtul
1

you Mb for. NAMK1.Y
Shelter is scarcely thought A„ japH11 teas are colored, too commonly

LUDELLA
peopl. , flrii ohules. It h . t scorn. « brcuw IU.
Lend I’aobeUf, *»¦ 3* 4». 6oe'
f Young Folks.
l<f cow».
# of. The fct'diJig in
»%%%»»%»*
? v u s
t
On the Farm.
sufficient to simply t»aln* , condition «listing Juat ! summer is post, and 4
!
I
9
t


9

GOOD MVNNEHS,
It is aol tain the same now, »heu lb# the feed is gone, and the majority of their present ;

Th'" "
The lessons week, hut who cannot
>¦
ca rLON TBA, the beet te be hetl.
&
MILKING HABIT OF COWS.
I1IK
Li
done in our "morals and manners.' should coins, not ones a
is lacking in essentials. true the passports of the gen-j hoys think
,1», ,,..i	-r. i.r	Ths Dawson
the tubs
of Ihn interesting stud-fur the fto-*hu natural
It is ime
CUVLON URUUN TEA
is pure and uncolored.
T» T3> T. Et-B SS3-
Commission Co , limited. Toronto.
ies of naturalists how tiiMi of man can affer
of rows are drawing on
maintain themselves.
The beat aud most thoughtful some-
%:„dnTStu,nmore
6 par cent of the total food.
about three months
Cviidil iuu to
We doubt that
habits of animals.
eiteut all the lower animals cousidor-
the better, bat it than alaiut By the
to some
lesson manners are tlemnu.
may be subjected to some
able change In their habits by h»ng I re|at ton of the coining continued training, under a continu- L^ndition of the
iilfilill ISi-
lw d°ni' WU ' 1	1 them satisfactory, except that some-
eaten a little
wo
Too often our
cow
|h* the head that think»
¥
Uneasy
it ought to wear » crown.
be hearing of the
r


We shall «"«“
self-made woman.
nered boy is


mSm
en<| when the ftrat one oome
to bow, to lift the hat, to "thunk you," costs will ever know the
mid find
may
d.uie with plants may
ZZLJ'lfS	numerous j WINTER FEEDING OF HOGS.
exercise of their natural functions Mf L. Riley. The main diffut >	^	# u> ^ed. Haw roots
have ^eB0 | seems to he to getting them to take ^	aad raixed with the meal
this part of ration, after which the whole mass when is moistened.
To smile,1 l**g pardon, to say nothing. No one
good (hut these words and sum-bave accomplished.
times cooked roots are
readily. 1 prefer sugar beets, are also
V
1
vast Ur ones
Uee his oar, right,
ELECTRIC DANCERS.	across Dan said;	, Client—Has a man ft legal right to
wss®m®mm“
fed they

The cows, for instance
changed in regard to their milking I am>Ugh exercise, fund in uns, sheep have been changed (ew luig„ he can master fcu regard to the quantity and chut- I ,difficulty very acier of their fleeces, birds have lhe nlun,ber is large and emprises equally been changed, as the com- all ages, sexes and breeds, l^®	Canadian»!
nnm domestic fowl which has been tloo becomes complex. My Duiiuiugei ^	of yi>llr
on her eggs.	sirable. 1 have been able	to obtain	^ ^ith on QUALITY. U	you try
bo prove that by persistent and	con I producing tsuou of the bet	qu }	j ,n and China greens	by the
tinuous effort we may make	»U1' piggery must be dry and warm. I	|aLrliy METHODS OK	HAND-
cement flours with
I
Wileu one
well, but
re mu A <»i* i* •'*
slge.iun n •• MWhboi. **
I
I I r* TALK IT OI E*.
. All ilnuiliW. E W. lirons
tieeue paper, bod with a piece of flannel the electricity generated will cause he to rise and fall, as if ln *“•
new ly-elect ed
A NOISELESS 1UNG GAME
small rubber rings that are A thoroughbred gentleman puts on household with which to faU| cloth,.e ind then forgets them, be made the*
The
In some been made to
figures act of dancing.
used in every
seal preserve jure may	___
of much amusement when a tailor won’t let me. U desired. First, obtain a
I
what I try to do; but my
That’s
means
CHINESE GIRLS.
Little girls in China play house in children do They have
W. r. c. 1054.
!',Zh%d of a flour or sugar bar- .
that the pieces sre all circular
much the same manner as in Europe and America.
pecially made toys for the purpose oUim shells and small cups, in food.
CALVERT'S CARBOLIC OINTMENT.
rel, and see
fastened together, forming a
smooth board about a
Blue
board ; or any square pose.
Procure size screw
ranging from No. 1 to No. 10. Nos. 1 to 0 may be a sort of outer circle, Nos 7 to 9an inner circle and No. 10 in the centre. A hole may be made in the upper end of the board, or a screw-eye inserted, by which to bang it upon the nail in the wall.
No. 10 ia sort of a "bull’e-eye,” and each player being given three of the
LAW -sSB-js ,
’Hook No. 1," as any other hook would ^QRQNTO CUTTING SCHOOL »•	^
carry him over th»* marH. 13 * 1 utett, urumUu, reliable «y&me uughi i.<r g»nU*
f ieuHy - ftdd» to	intcree* °*	me»*garments. l«rm»jPKfiier»Le. Write 1er Paitiw
Tn advantage of the W?. i. «hat Qafj|#||# pray8r
rjzxx&zxz&si s»f3ssss
by any boy or girl.
no a
(out in sUe will serve the pur-
but use
which they pretend to
make various kind# of popguns oui of bamboo. Boys of turnip» in the
serve
animal mus;
1 have some
GEN. JUHAL A. EARLY AT CHURCH told that in the val-
improvements in any first come
in#.
by feeding. It is precise-1 p|alJlceil sleeping places
with plants. We; al‘ | giviiiK fair satisfaction, but my fnr-
tloored with boards, after weaning, 1 than wheat mid-
rrjr“. its »" """
above each hook it# number J. Ç. Calvert A Co., NanohsatSf, «nglAltf
which are
Boys
and squirtguns make lanterns tail
The story was ley of the Shenandoah during the winter of 18G4-5. while Early was there in command, he electrified his staff one Sunday morning by announcing his intention of going to church. Several of his stuff went with him. The clergyman happened to preach a sermon that day on the Resurrection, and drew a very vivid picture of the scene, and of all the departed rtetng by millions in their white shrouds.
would be your feelings, tny that day f What feelings at seeing all before
ly the same as
know of the big pumpkins and melon | lowing pens which have been exhibited at the agricultural fairs, along with the | <;n<j nothing varieties of all kinds o
are
Te send 1er eue Cemelele 6st«-lo'ue ef Sheet k u le end Sooke wnh Speoui re tee ef dleeeunL
For pigs just
autumn.
Music
Teachers
Wanted
the fifteenth day of the tiret month the tug of war
About
batter
skimmilk, Sometime» 1
is a popular
.1 lings and cannot get enough skimmilk and hate to divide the limited supply among l have used
unproved
vegetables and fruits, as well as o Some of these improved pro have been the progenitors o I hose needing it moat, races, as we say of seeds, as tb. grouua oil oaks and ground flaxseed prolific kinds of wheat, and the heavy 8m„U quantities, steeped with the eeeded kinds of oats. All these bav, I middlings, but though they are bet-produced by high culture, tb, ,er ^an nothing, they do nob equal have been |	of the two the ground flax-
village will
sport. In the country one tug again*! another, the notion being that the village which wins will have a good harvest. The rope is of straw, two feet in diameter, with its ends branches. The men take and the women the load their
WHALEY, R3YCE * Be.
US venge H.
Tereew, WS,
grains.
ducts
%
divided into the main etem branches, skirts with stones.
DOUGLAS MUA. w Ad “1",ii‘ULkOM
been
beginning and end of which high feeding; that is manuring an, I thorough preparation and good cult. | vatioo of the soil. These processes i,
, essentially the same as t to and training of animals, and
" What
The women
dear brethren, on
would be your
the dear ones who have gone
that dread occasion f What
MARJORIES STORY.
the loveliest time white
A Story From Life.
rising on
would be your feelings at seeing those of our brethren, those gallant ones who have given up their lives for our Beloved country, rising ,n their- thousands and marching in solemn proces-WUat would you think, mv bre-
"I just had 1 was out in (he country." wui Marjorie, ue she .at down to sew up a rip in her dollj’s dress. "One day while in "lhe swing an' pretending naughtomobile, you
I
plants are
f
feeding
by breeding the improved animals together, what has been gained by sH0W1NG HOW SUFFERING CAN of work is fixed on, the pro |	OVERCOME,
us the laws of natre distinct I have by per
BE
I was out like it woe a
years
geny,
piovide- And thus we
in this line of work, fixée
sionl
tliren f" General Early turned to his “I would con-
VI lia NiifT- rril fr«»iii KMury hollars In IVIcil
ISIS.
A HHI •nrr«tle‘
TreeUIr n# ' eey
§is;6U£b
these galiLfi an the products of ih Improved anumals just as done in regard to the seeds.
to r<‘»ior«‘ HI Ilea-III -Dr#
staff officer and said: script every d-------
EiSKrlmmU william,1 rink I ilk* IrK'd ITumptly
one of them,"
we havi
ni4 ETertltely.
Oae of the most danger-oua and repulsive forme of Kidney Dieeaeeie
Good health is the chief requisite to Now, just at this time the seed bar I ),3[lpjneaSi |0w spirits, moroseness and tor the next crop of calves. I irr;tability can iu most cases be trao-Lf we have improved the soil by due | ^ (o m healtb, and in not a few liberality in the feeding and training in the milking habit of the cows and have selected the best seed in the character of the male animals, which have their most important part to di in this improvement, and if we follow far well done—by the
BRITAIN’S UNIQUE COLONY.
parties* eT Ose PoeltlW
À trial
Cure l« r Pilw will Le een free W NeàBife, ne
PILE CURE
respects New Zealand is the
In seme
most advanced of any British colon).
is absolutely perfect, its hardy and devoted to the

me r.n eioTir,
t bezji sown
st.y eddieee om receipt of two ee»t eteep.
AUdrew. THE HUTCHIJiO p*(EE, MLOK l.xl CO, Ton»», Out
Fair Canadians;
Your brothers anil lovers are returning covered with glory. The whole empire attests the credit of their achievements. In Africa they met their cousins-the British tea planter* —also fighting for the cause.
Dear Cousins ; You can aid the. comrades of your soldier brothers. Try Ceylon and India GRIiEN teas, it you drink Japans. Leave the rest dainty palates. Salada, and Blue Ribbon packets
Its climate
instances are direct symptoms of kid-trouble. These, added to the se-
B
population laud of their adoption, and its re-most fruitful and already highly developed. The working man there, and it is the boast islands they do not contain a
mm
ney

^°J L.JONESFNC.
*6 8 10 ADtlAIDtMW 10BQM0.
i.
pains in the back which uccom-the disease, make the life of
vere
sources arc
for which Dodd’s Kidney Pills are the only certain In Dropsy the kid r.ers arc actually dammti ue, and the water, which should be eupclled in the form of urine, flows hack and lodges in the cells of the flesh and puffs out the Remove the film which plugs up Rest we the K health. There is only one Kidney Medicine
I'any
the sufferer one of abject misery. One -uch sufferer was Mr. Darius Dean,of Mr. Detin in an inter-
i
is supreme
cure.
of the
millionaire! To New Zealand belongs the credit of having established fran-and pensions for

YOUR OVERCOATS
?JA,^StïfiS,î2-Ï.W«
Jordan, Ont. view with a reporter recently gave his experience as follows :—"I am a and grist mill operator, and naturally a strong man ; but the life of a miller is a hard one, with long
the work—so additional culture in the way afi im-the condition of the cow
t
now
: o your Mocsom, n wo it you.—Colonist.
proving
during her pregnancy, we shall unquestionably make a still further ad-and Ly veiy ,u< o aivc generation add to the success of the work previously done, and firmly fix the im the special family of
chise for its women its old people, and it has shown a for managing its
saw
mmm»M Anwcr
the most nutritious.
skin.
Ï
general capacity
affairs far in advance of any
the drain.
vance
DIS DEFINITION.
idneys to
s,;;,z.rsr,s\rs
temperament.
Willie—Pa, what is a publisher? Author—My son, a publisher is
the unearned 'increment
Some years ago as
a
I was afflicted with kidney
provement on
which have been, thus subjected of high cut-
exposure
trouble, and although I spent much in various remedies I did not
Dodd’s Kidney Pills=
squatter on f thought.
cows
to a continuous course
money
find a cure until I was persuaded to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. In the autumn of 1898, the trouble began to
tered^from mosTsevere pains in the Though Women's minds, like Winter hack, and a feeling of drowsiness.	and turn a„. a' that,
and yet eu severe was the pain that T(> ,0'e o( graudul, Tea and friends— many a night I scarcely closed my They're Constant still, for a'that!
=
miserably and wholly unfit for work. Aud wha’ a Crime daur ca’ that?
while in this condition that ;	^ ^ .boon- the lave,
1 was advised to try Dr. W illiams , >^ey dearly loe', an' a* that—
Pink Pills, and procured three boxes. pjue Ribbon, and Sa lad a. too,
a halt dozen boxes more. I used all For sync tj,e (jrst arc British Teas,
Ueture they were all gone They loe’ them weel, an' a' tbatl I felt that my health was fully re- Th >ugb	may prate o’ Liber tea
stored In the interval since then I Au’ flaunt Japan, an’ a' that-
Pills soon drove this out, and my , Awa- japa0, an’ a’ that— health since bas been the very best. ¦j»Jla bon nie teas they loe' the best I have gained much in weight, eat Are Empire Grown, an’ a’ that!
and sleep well and co«ider myself ^»to B^’Ts	grat'Xm Twi. when l>an «rid that the pig. T
s there in the	aud immediately adopted by roJlw| tbeir tubs into the water an’ my wife gave me
1 —Colonist.
Terwits
mm
know, like you see the pictures	ostid°"a^roe, « » t.u.oo.-
suit that day-	««	OCX. Totsie.0
ture.
As this precise period of the year is the most important opportunity of carrying through this line of advanced culture of the cows. Under Unnatural conditions of the season it is of hardship, through which the do to maintain
"WE’LL TAK' A' CUP O' KINDNESS."

EPPS’S
i
1 suf-
grateful comforting.
/
COCOA
a time
/
female has all she can
with the past, arid then the
equality
results will be only equal, aud per-to the past condi-
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
haps not quite so
For the natural law we are disand illustrating is inviolable
ytf'm, he had a an' a apyglata under hie front arm,
From Small Beginnings
it was
lion.
an’, sa ye be;
•• • Ship ahoy! There's going to be
cussing
both ways, and acts for good or evil as the case may be. So that we have this into account and in the of the newly seeded soil, as be said, we must not only main-the condition but improve it in
I've got to stop dictating letters for to-day. Don’t you want jwhUe „ow why, Our typewriter
girl has begun to crotchet herselff a pink fascinator.
a boat rase to go alongl’
"Yen’m, the dog said that, an awful smart dog. So, of course,
• •
felt
to take culture may 1 tain every
He’a
Some of our Beet Depesll Accounts were begun In a modes! way. By adding small seats at regular intervals, and by the
mutation o' interest, they have grown _ -------
show handsome balances.
It is net necessary le wait till yon have a considerable amount to make a commencement We accept small sums on deposit and allow Interest at 3j per cent, per annum, payable half-yearly.
these, but
I went along. back through th. |______Fostsex^ote^
orchard to the duckpond. an’ there The u Balmoral," Fr#J BUS was three pigs, with their sailor suit. • aVEHUE HOUSE-^ ÆSTneTW
on, just lovely, an’ they all had tubs. --— - per »,
« 'Ship ahoy!’ aaid Dan, as soon at ; we got there. T guwe we re all ready
way possible.
accu till they now
too much the habit of
It has been
farmers to neglect the winter It may do to
dairy
culture of their cows.
you forgotten
Waiter - Haven't something, sir! Guest—By George I So f have. I forgot to post that letter this morning.
treat a crop In the field in, this way, because ft is dormant and makes no
«rr/rn, ».
toe malLrUyÏ ow“«re of cows do not
lü experiments with ^r- Up ^ that after a ft>xr month a shoeing with steel the feet become The explanation is that the
5 likTsto” he” e there is not much jarring.
S'
The Canada Permanent
AND WESTERN CANADA MORTGAGE CORPORATION. Toronto Street, Toronto.
STEEL VS. IKON HORSESHOES.
etas Vtn/Ms *U*/ c+uvfts
Ayé JtÂsv/j'rtflr-	roR ^•nyowrc,^ ÜS.
, 1/ mns C4Un^ AV/ *z C/CAS ~	----
yJU» Mu, wkiu Qy6nv. ^ Vjf
¦fiu/«JbilLot V&fhy £22
Many blacksmiths, says an Aus-are using steel
inereaae

1

Id part, of her very

th* qoe*n orrr oil go . ussttoi.
1 Rogers. Freer, Toreote

bad.
fcvfc
Far too never enters
I
L
»
i
I
X
###PAGE###7###
t
T«ï
/


X

r
»
««ver thick with a meringue. made of (lie beaten white» of two «Bnf krlth powdered «rugur and |Wt >» tbu emO to brown. I tint the yolk» of the egg* in the pie,
Si earned Pudd iing—Scald two oupi of milk no t add one cup of «owe cereal food, except oatmeal, and cool aeven minute» in a double boiler. £a» from the fire, add a half-cup ol
never saw again after leaving I>u
Chang liai ». .So >n after daylight on Sunday morning we reached a lage, where we hired donkey» on which the ladies and chi Id r au wore to, ride four mile», but when we had gone about half that distance we were met by a band of nearly 20(1 men, who had come out from the village just ahead of us, and who robbed ua of all we had, donkeys, silver and good*, taking even the clothes we were wearing. Muet of ua were left with only a pair of Chinese trousers on, the upper part of our bodies and our heads being entirely unprotected from the awful burning of a July sun. on as beat1 wo could, carrying the smaller children, the others walking, and all of ua exposed to the full blaze
DROVE THEM LIKE CATTLE
tbit he was umolbeerTed, again accosted her. Again she tried to escape him, but this time he would not leave her. What was wt.rse, friends were now blocking lhe path In front. She looked to right and left, end was evidently uncertain what to do. Then, seeing escape was hopeless, she slopped, took out her purse. Bind gave it to thef man who had first spoken to her. thie was going too far, 1 jumped up and went quickly across the turf towards them. My footstep* made sound on the soft grass, andl as they too much occupied In examinr
vil-
2 The Man Who Knows, d
wwwww wwww
A MISSIONARY TELLS OF HIS AWFUL EXPERIENCE IN CHINA.
hi» two
A Trrrllile Jeurery or awITf ring ooil I’rl »ail«n I»» « P.ir'v oi Ues, Weiiirn »¦<! Children ir in Hh > »l It II ¦ •
England—week-brained young pigeon* with money. lie shows them round Sydney, and plucks them so that, when they leave hie hands, in nine cases out ot ten, they haven’t a leather left to fly with. You ought not, with your experience of rough customers, to be taken im by him. ’
“Nor am I," I replied. "I am go-you like to see Lit Then come with ing to teach him a lesson. Would me."
Arm in arm
been in liarn-ss far a greater num- street, watched by Mr. Hawk from her at years on end than	1 cared to	his seat in the	cub.	When we got
sound, I made up my mind	td take a	there	we stood	for a	moment chat-
holiday ant go home to England to ting, and then strolled together down see the place where my father was the pavement. Next moment 1 heard horn, and h»4 lived his early life, 1 the cab coming along after us, and found the name of it written in the my friend hailing me in his silkiest flyleaf of an old La I,in book he left tones; but though I looked him full me, and to have a glook at a country in the face I pretended not to know I’d heard so much about, but never him. Seeing this he drove past un— thought to have the good fortune to pulled up a little farther down and set my foot upon.	sprang out to wait for me.
Accordingly 1 packed my traps, "I was	almost afraid I had missed,	I	wasl	appeared the houae of an	elder in
lei my house, sold my luggers and	you,"	he began,	as we	came up with	“Hand over	that	purse!	I	sai.	the	Hong-tong	church	was	attacked
intending to buy new	ones when	him.	“Perhaps	as it	is much a fine	sternly, approaching a	step	nearer	o	gnd	i^ted,	and	the	elder badly	in-
»a£8 good-bye to my day you would rather walk than him.	Jurcd.
ridel"	On* of the others here intervened,- A„ w„nt W8„ with llfl till Tuesday,
“1 beg	your pardon," I answered.	"Let’s	stowch im,	Uogl	there	goth June, when our place	was at-
“I’m really afraid you have th» ad-	ain’t a oopper in sight!	tacked and looted, and we,	with our
With	that they began to	close	four children, had to eocape to Yamen.
Hut, as the	saying	goes,	The attack was sudden and	uuexpect-
before."
'A. B. Sa under* «onde to the London Time* an account of a journey a party was compelled to take from the northern province of Hhun-ai, through Ho-nan and ilu-peh to llankow. Among other things he aays;—
Wo did not anticipate much trouble in Shan-ei from the Boxers till we heard that Yu-Hiien, the degraded Governor of Shan-tong, bad been appointed to fill a similar office in Shan-a. The first indication of their
For many years I went at It' bead down, and this brings me up to four years ago, when 1 warn a grown man. the owner at a house, two luggers, and as good a diving plant as any gran could wish to possess. What was mure, just before this 1 bad put some money into a mining concern on the mainland, which had, contrary to moat ventures of the sort, turned up trumps, giving me as my share the nice round sum of £5,000. With all this wealth at my buck, and having
move
mol ivies, two eggs, two tairespoon fuis of melted butter, one teaspoonfu
Thinking
clean
of so la and one cup of dates, stoned Pour in »
and coarsely chopped, buttered mould, cover tightly and Serve with a
a tea in three hours, butter; add one cup brown sugar and the yolks of two eggs, welt-beaten ihen one-third of a cup of scalded
were
Uig what she had given them, they did not notice my approach.
woundrelsl" 1 said, when 1 "What do
We trudged
"You
Cook over hot water till I tie
milk.
mixture thickens, then beat in the foamy sauce:	Cream one-third cup
while.* of the eggs whisked to a stiff troth.
had come up with them, you mean by stopping this lady! Let
of « semi-tropical son.
All that day and the two following days, through village after village, we exposed to the cruellest treat-
we walked Initial the
presence in the province was the ap-her go instantly; and you, my frii nd, ^ p6ui aui>e several dims of a poster just hnnd over that purse.	| which informed the peuple that the
Ths man addressed looked at me j)r,.Beni drought wua due to the press if be were taking my measure, and aencBl ^ Protestant and Human were wondering wbat sort of chance ckatlxoiio missionaries, who taught he'd have against me in a fight. But ^ tlicj people to leave idolatry and the 1 suppose my height must _	_
rather scared him, for he changed his
i

Flavor with three-fourths ol
were
meat, till we reached the Dearest city, Cbang-tsz-Usien, forty miles from L»u Chang flsien, where we hoped Vo get official help and protection. Although almost naked, without
a teaapoonful of lemon extract, liais be substituted tor the dates,
inn can
as also figs.
Coddled Apples.—Peel the apples,
*‘aŸe worship of ancestors, and that before long the armies of Heaven were to tone and began to whine.	makw war against, and exterminate
"I haven't got the lady s purse, fjie propagators of thee religious, and s help me, 1 sin'll 1 was only a ask-	on all to aid in carrying this
| Lug of er the time; I’ll take me, davy out, Immediately after this poster
%
leaving the stems on; place them in a deep saucepan, stick one clove in each apple, slice a lemon and put a slice on lop of each apple; pour in enough cold water to nearly cover the apples, and add sugar enough to sweeten them slight ly. pin closely, sut it on a slow fire and let the apples cook till quite soft, but When properly done,
V:f<
wei were now even shoes or stockings, the pcopie would not believe that we had no sil-
ver secreted shout us, and we beaten must unrneroituUy in the hope I hat such treatment w >uld bring some confession as to where the silver was
were
Cover the
The people of one village
i ¦ ' ted.
would follow us to the lioundary of
I
gear,
not mushy, carefully lift them from the kettle, put them in a g La.as dish and pour tbs When they are cold
I returned, friends and shipmates, end set off to join an Orient liner in Sydhey. You will see from this that I Intended doing the thing in stylel And why null I’d got more money to my hoard to play willb than most of the swells who patronise the first saloon; 1 had earned it honestly, and was resolved to enjoy myself with it to the top of my bent, and bang the consequences.
a week before
the next, stoning ua and throwing hard lumps of clay, beating ua on the hack and head with sticks and bricks, and this was kept up almost incessantly from villag.i to village for the whole of those three days.
juice over them, put the dish in the icebox and let the apples get ieecoH before serving
vantage of me.”
"But you have asked me to lunch upon me. with you at the Quebec. You told me "I'd been there
I
I’d not
ed, and there are perhaps two causes been knocking about the rough side fou- the precipitation of events, of the world" for fifteen years with- i first—A nigh official returning 1 said I was going out learning bow to take care of my- Lu the south ot the province from pay ¦
When they had had about 1 jjjg a visit Lo the now Governor, was
Cover them with whipped aream.
to call a hansom.”
LThe Home $
"Pardon me again! but you
LYE SO VP.
are
really mistaken.
to lunch at the Quebec, and asked you self, if It was far enough to be worth while enough of •*, which was most likely passing through Ping-Yap, and seein taking a hansom. That is your more than they bad bargained for, I the proclama turn that had been iwu-hansom, not mine. If you don’t re- Look the purse and went down the 0j by the local magistrate, advised quire it any longer, I should advise path to where the innocent cause of him to withdraw it as euch would you to pay the man and let him go.” it all was standing. She was look- not be favoured /by the new Governor "You are a swindler, sir. I refuse ing very white and scared, buti she Oir Monday, 25th June, the proclama-to pay the cabman. It is your ban- plucked up sufficient courage to tiou was washed off the walls by
order of tha magistrate, and the next I can see her now, standing there night we were attacked.
Put one pound of concentrated lye into one gallon of boiling wutej.rlilT* it stand 10 or 12 hours, then ofld another gallon of water and boat up Lo a boil, and add four |iounds of clear melted grease; put in the grease slow-1/et it boil slo.v-
I reached Sydney the bunt waa advertised1 to sail, but I didn't fret much There’s plenty to see amd do> in such • big place, and when a man's been -abut away from theatres and amusements for yeara at a stretoh, he can put to his time pretty well looking about him. All the same, not know-
la bout that.
TIN OAN-S FOU HOUSE PLANTS.
Tin cans are better for most plants in a hot, dry atmoupliere thin pits. But they have some disadvantages, as defective drainage, difficulty in removing a plant, heating of the can in the nun, and injury to heavy drooping plants or vines by the sharp edge, lo obviate thcae difficulties and se-
ly and stir briskly, ly for about half a day, then add four quarts of hot water in which has been dissolved two tablespoonfuls of borax four of resin and one teacupful of Cook an hour longer, and K
thank me prettily.
sum."
fine
I took a step closer to my
ung a soul in the place, 1 must, con- gentleman, and, looking him full in looking into my face wi‘b big tears fess there were momenta when I did the face, said as quietly as| possible, in her pretty blue eyes. She was a
regretfully of the tight little for 1 didn't want all the street to girl of about twenty-one or two years	by	the	magL,trate	frunl	tbe
Ularul	hidden away up north under	hear;	of age,	1 should think-tall,	but
the wing of New Guinea, of tbe lug- j “Mr. Dorunda Dodson, let	this be	slenderly	built, with a sweet	oral
dilating to the breeze im the a lesson to you- Perhaps you'll think face, bright brown hair, and tbe most harbour and the warm welcome twice next time before you try your beautiful eyes I have ever seen in my that always awaited me among my little game on me!"	I life. She was dressed in some dark
friends in the saloons. Take my 1 He stepped back as if hu had been green material, wore a fawn jacket, w>rd for ii	there’s	something in	shot, hesitated a moment, and	then	and,	because the afternoon was	cold,
Men being a leader on	a small island.	Jumped-into his oab and drove off in	had	a hue of mar ton fur round her
Anyway it’s better than being a the opposite direction. When he had neck I can i "member also that her do id brut in a	big oily like Sydney,	gone I looked at my astonished com-	hat	was of some flimsy make*	with
*'	>lxid,	knows	you, and your	panim	lace	a-d glittering spear points	in it,
or neighbour wouldn't mis»	“Well	now," he ejaculated	at last,	and that	the whole structure	was
heard of you	"how on	earth did you manage that!"	surmounted by two bows, one of black
I "Very easily,” I replied, "i hap- ribbon, the other of salmon pink, think of th,es«t things as pened to remember having met that ! “Oh, how cam 1 thank you?" she bo-

,101 Mil) THE BOXEHS..
salt.
will probably be ready to set off.
It is best to test it first, however, which may be done by dipping a stick into it; it the substance drops off clear and hardens quickly, It is made. Pour the mass into some, vessel large enough to have the soup cover the bottom ab iut tie thickness you would The vessel should be
Second —A1 communication was re-
cure good drainage, with a can-opener make two parallel cuts in the bottom about i in. long and 2 in.
Make a cross cut between
new Governor siat-ng that China was el war with foreign nations and the Imperial troops had joined the Boxers in their efforts to drive the foreigners out of China, and called on the people, to aid them. A private communication was also received instructing the magistrate to withdraw all protection from the foreigners.
X
apart.
and bend buck the flaps. This, leaves

a large bole and the folded flaps raine the can slightly so the air can pass under it. Cover the hole with a round piece of fine wire netting and pour in 1-2 in. of gravel.
When necessary to remove a plant have the earth in the can damp enough to stick together, when the plant will come out without trouble. Instead ox painting, cut strips of dark-colored wrapping paper long enough to go four times round, the outer end to a point, bind smoothly round the can and fasten with a little paste on underside of point. The paper keeps the can from heating in the sun. It will atand many shower -ings and usually lasts a whole season. To get rid of the sharp edges, with an old pair of scissors make cuts 1-4 in. deep and 1-4 in. apart all round. Bend outward and downward
like the bars, wet when the soap is put in. (When cool, out into cakes the size you This soap is very white and
choose.
nice.
OuP street chapel inside the city was first attacked. The doors, windows, furniture and books were all piled on the street and burned. They to our mis eion compound in the

re UK
/
TO WASH A SHEEPSK'N.
you .J be MW saw or
again.
The first thing to be remembered Is that it must sot be washed in too hot water, as that would spoil the color of the wool and make it quite
Boded eoap must be us d -M_____
1 used to
I marched about the streets looking gentleman up in our part of the world gan. when 1 had come up with her. Wvat 3uburb, and after burning down in at shop windows, or teok excur- when he was in a very awkward po«i- "But for your appearance I don’t ^ ^lion of the wall they looted the and down the Harbour, turn-very awkward for him. By bis know what those men might not have	Wti ltK,k our [our children
' from their
'
came
Cut
yellow.
in sufficient quantity to clean tbe well, after which it must be
si OS up
There’s no place like Sydney Harbour action just now I should say that, he dune to me. ’
in the wide, wide world for beauty, has not forgotten the circumstance “I am very glad that I was there wilbout even dressing them, we car-and before I'd been there a week 1	any more than I have."	to help you,"	I replied, looking	into	^ thgm t(}	yamen, 0n	arrival
was familiar with every part of it. j	"I should rather think not.	Good-	her face with	more admiration for	W9 wera told that the	officials
Still, it would have been more enjoy- day.”	| its warm young beauty than perhaps	give UJj M prOLOCUaa, and it
able, as 1 hinted just now, if I had We shook hands and parted, he go- I ought te bave shown. Here is would be b(#t {or w to leave Fing-had a friend to tour about with me; icg un down the street, while I your purse. 1 hope you will find its yau gt	£or qllllter parU.
and by the same token I’m doing one	branched off to my hotel.	contents safe. At the same	time	Aftgr gomi)	turtber talk	it was
mun an injustice.	j That was the first of the only two will you let me give you a little piece	beet that we g0 under
There was one fellow 1 remember,	adventures of any importance	I	met	of advice. From what I have	oXficla.1 escort	to Tai-yuen Fu, and a
wh.,	did offer to show me round; 1	with during	my aUy in New South	I	this afternoon this m evidently not aUrt wa, madtt at dayl,ght. In the
fell amiss him in a saloon in George , Wales. Ani	there's not much in that,	I	the sort of place for a young lady
. ,Ie was teU and handsome,	I fancy I can	hear you saying. Well,	J	to be walking in alone and after dark,
aud	as spic and span as a new pin	that may be	so, I don’t deny it, but	1 don’t think I would risk it again if
1	took muieri the sur- it was nevertheless through that that j I were you.”	g
ooilersd the bar he	I became mixed up with the folk who	She looked at	me for	a moment
eU-l who was serving	figure in this book, and indeed it was	and then said;
I'd, finished my	La that very circumstance, and that	"You are quite	right.	1	have ouly
myself to thank for my misfortune.
I met a friend and walked across the green with her; I was on myi way back to my carriage— which is waiting for me outside—whea I met those men. However, I think I can promise you that it will not happen again, as I am leaving Sydney in a day or two.”
Somehow, when I heard that, I began to feel glad I was booked; to leave the place too. But of course I didn’t tell her so.
“May 1 see you safely to your carriage?" I said at last. "Those fellows muy still be hanging about on the chance of overtaking you."
Her courage must have come back to her, for she looked up into my face with a smile.
"1 don’t think they will ba rude to me again, after the lesson you' have given them. But if you will walk with me 1 shall be very grateful.
To be Continued.
comfortable be da, and
akin
thoroughly rin.«e 1 in cold water till the whole of the soap is removed. It should not be put into water with
1
much blue in it, but enough should be used to make it a clear white.
The mat may be put in the sun to dry, but care must be taken not to leave it too long, nor to put the skin uppermost, but always the fleecy part, otherwise it will become stiff and will crack, chance of this it must be ve>ry frequently shaken while drying, as this is an important part of the process, and is of as much consequence as the
If the mat be a colored ,
and you hove a neat rounded border over which the heaviest vines can fall without injury.
i
t
villages wt> passed through en route, the youthfull recruits of the Boxer Society weire practising their mysterious art quit» openly on tbe street, but we passed on without molestation.
To prevent all
DOMESTIC RECIPES.
Date Pie.—Take a little more than a half pound of dates, soak them in sweet new milk and let stand on the back of the stove where they will simmer but not boil about an houi before you want to make your pie.
Then put nil through ft colander am a *d enough milk lo fill your pie-tin No sugur fa required. When done forget fulness.
" car**
" i
winkix.
washing.
one, some ox gull shoal i be mixed with he bailed BOip to preserve the dye.
ATTACKED THUEE TIMES.
me, and as soon en drink asked me bo take another with alone, I ewe my connection with the h'rn Seeing what his little game queer story I have set myself to tell waS| ,ad wanting bo teach him a And this is nhowt it cam» about, letisun, I lured him on by consenting. Three days before the steamer sail-I drank with him, and then ha drank ed, and about four o’clock inf the
afternoon. I chanced to be walking down Caatlereagh Street, wondering what cm earth I should do with, myself until dinner-time, when 1 saw approaching me the very man whose discomfiture I have just described. Being probably occupied planning the "1 shall plucking ot some unfortunate new chum, he did not see me.And as I had no desire to meet him again, after what had passed between us, I crossed the road and meandered off in a different direction, eventually finding myself located on a seat in the Domain, lighting a cigarette and me. For the looking down over a broad expanse
On Thursday afternoon, 28tb June, within seven miles of Tai-
we, were
yuen Fu, when we met a convert who told us that we had better not go
n’t necessarily include


i
there as the large compound of the j Shenyang mission had been burned the night before. In the face of such | a fact it would have been madness for ua to go on to Tai-yuen Fu, so we turned southward again and set our faces towards Lu, Chang Ilsien, a city in the Lu-an Fu district, 133 miles south-east from Ping-Yao, perienced great difficulty in reaching that city, having lost the escort that h«d been given ub for Tai-yuen, Fu; only in end village at the entrance to the hills, we were attacked three tim w ,in that inn .where we were stay-
k
with me.
"Beein king in Sydney?" he enquired casually, looking at me. and, at tbe same time, stroking hi» fair
i
It Is a Wonder To Everybody
moustache.
“Just come in." was my reply.
"Don't you find it dull work going about alone?" he enquired, never forget my first week of it."
"You’re about right," I answered. "It is dulll I don’t know a soul, bar my banker and lawyer, in the town."
"Dear me!" more curling of the moustache. "If I can be of any service bo you while you’re here, I hope you'll command sake of ‘Auld Lang Syne,’ don’t you know, men, eh?"
"It’s very good of you," I replied modestly, affecting to be overcome by his condescension "I’m just off to lunch. I am staying at the Quebec. Ie i/t far enough for a hansom?" As he was about to answer, a lawyer, with whom I had done a little healths day before, walked into the I turned to my patronising
How Speedily and Certainly the Wretched Itching and Uneasiness of Piles I» Relieved and Thoroughly Cured by
We ex-
Chase’s Ointment l
Dr.
formel, so Chat it was with
¦¦
¦*
'•mmmssî
ing, by a band of Baxers. We bad to sum of £5 to the man in charge
letis to
pay a
c< th' Imperial courier stables at that place to esoorti us safely out and on to the next; stage, and in this way we had to buy protection nearly all the to Lu Chang H»ien.
at harbour.
One thought led to another, and so I sat an and on long after dusk had fallen, never stirring until a circumstance occurred on a neighbouring path that attracted my attention A young and well-dressed lady was pursuing her way in my direction, evidently intending to leave the park by the entrance I had used to come into it. tor her, at the junction of two paths to my right, three of Sydney’s typical larrikins were engaged in earnest conversation. They had observed the girl coming towards them, and were evidently preparir* some plan tor accosting her. When she was only about fifty yards away, two of them walked to a distance, leaving the third and biggest rutilant to waylay her. He did an, butt without success; she passed him and octotlnued her walk at Increased speed.
The man thereupon quickened his pan* and. meure la the knowledge
I believe we’re both English-
We asked
way
the magistrate at Lu Chang Ilsien to give us an official document entitling us to an escort from city to city right
MASHED POTATOES.
Steam or boil potatoes until soft in salted water; pour off the water and let them drain perfectly dry ; sprinkle with salt and mash ; have ready or cream in
melted a piece of butter ; pour on to the potatoes, and stir until white and very light.
through to Hankow# but'the same reply was given ua as at Ping-Yao (orders received to withdraw all protection from th' foreigners) and we had to start on our long journey of nearly 700 miles, through whati in the past
enemy’s
But unfortunately
ness
hot milk been this
some which has
room.
friend and said, “Will you excuse me for one moment? I want to speak to this gentleman on business."
He was still all gracloueness.
"I’ll cell a hansom and wait tor
few weeks had become an country, without am escort. Our party consisted of 14 prsons, including children. The youngest ot tbe children 18 months, the eldest 71-2 years.
FRENCH PEAS.
Open a can of green peas and pat them into enough boiling water to cover them, with a few leaves of mint, and a small piece of hotter, them occasionally and when tender drain the water from them, sprinkle • little salt and serve them with melted butter.
you to it."
When he had left the saloon I spoke to the new arrival. He had noticed the maw I had been talking to, and was kind enough ta warn me against him.
"Tkst ua," he slid, ‘‘bears » He makes W
eue .t
was
one w of fe low sufferers.
Rev A A. Duprxu. Methodist minister, C’oruecon, Prince Edward County, Ont. »tties,—"I was troubled with
tdtoxk ot Dr. Chaos's Ointment. Usi ft when yon have the opportunity, and remember (halt fa fa guaranteed
LEFT IN THE NIGHT.
We had to leave secretly at midnight, and ixe walked all night, carrying on our backs the younger of the itching and bleeding piles for yearn,
CTiJLZz	- I ^snares "«e
Stir
be «une anty oeeq at lAehtng, bleed in a or pretrmdtof price; Mo a box a* a| dealers, or by mail frxen Ed ma usa#
SMI» * Ob, Issrsfan
very bad reputation, his trad# to least new arrivals' from
###PAGE###8###
..., - »•-y
^ • 7
,	4 —\,6--

1

I
- s
I



X
\

s 1
/:
4
\
4

\
:	i


\
Rubbers,
!
Boots,
i
Christmas
11
I >
f

(61
< i

Moccasins,
Ovors^oes and Felt Goods. jj
- *
< i
11
WISHING
ALL MY FRIENDS AND
EVERYONE ELBE'S FRIENDS
A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND
A HAPPY NEW YEAR,
I AM, YOURS TRULY,

I I
O
I *
IS
*
( I
>
»
y

« «



f.'fr
11
Coming- !

E

( i
( i
« i





!

a

n
We are now ready with a new, full and well assorted stock of fall and winter Footwear, which we will sell at the lowest possible price. Call and inspect before you buy elsewhere.
Jlvï
and we extend to everyone
»
i
11
11

c

A Merry Christmas.
c

!oi.
II
FiV

A. R. McGUIRE
(I
I >
hV~rv
11
I I
THE TAILOR.
11
HOC.

Al-
Chistmas Shopping
3
11
;o;
A.

Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAW VILLE,---------QUE.
« i
¦ ii
I O'
I*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*# #*#46»#***#*#******#*#*#*# **l l
b:
s
SilMItM

ffl iüffiHiiü
As usual we have been making extensive preparations for the Holiday Trade and hope to satisfy our customers
,v

>h1 consideration would he recognized.
The clause of the British North America Act dealing with this increase of senator- | mined at the meeting of shareholder last •hips is os follows .	Thursday shows earnings during the year
If, at any time on the rrcom |ia,t of $041,103. This represents a high mendation vf the Governor*(iutier&l, the <jaeen*think« tit to direct that three or members be added to the senate, the
1
The Bank of Ottawa statement sub-
THE WAR.


v

Boers Capture Four Companies
, London, Dec. 15—Lord Kitchener re , porte that eighteen officers and tire hun ; » x i and fifty men aie missing from tleneral Governor General may, by lummona to i Clement a force. They consist of four 1 three or six qualified peiaons (as the ease ) companies of the Northumberland Fuii	' may be), representing finally the three
a v.	liera. Judging front the message these	divisions of Canada, add to the senate ac-
A reive n . were captured by the Boers. Clement’s ! cordingly.
..	« is:	casualties, Dec. 13, amounted to five of	"27. In case of such additions being
•	t> >	ficers and nine men killed and many ap-1 at any time made, the < ¦ oernot General
i Mi'! I parently wounded.	! shall not summon any person to the Sen
sgsj Lord Kitchener's message to the War ] ate, unless on a further like direction by ; xn Office is as follows :	the Queen, nn the like recommendation,
* [!•*	" Prit tria, Dec. 14.—Clements brought until each of the three divisions of Can
'	7.52 in his force to Commando Nek unoppva- | ada is represented by twenty-four sena-
ed. The casualties were, 1 regret to say, | tor*, and no more.’
•• T.iv. heavy. Killed, 5 cfiicera and nine of	\X —— ?	—
Leave ev" ] ranks, laese latter were four companies |	. .	.	.
of the Northumberland Fusiliers, who |	e	k£„uW	Liberal pres, Mr. Fred Wakefield of Toronto June
IKra	—*
| set lrelyConservatives, although in the popu'u ;
vote the Conservatives were only ah -u'
^'••"w^hav^oidy one member for every Rsnarkable Street Duel in a Vir-i i I: -, ters," 'ho Liberal p:. ••
Pall Mi WintPP Tn	Tallin	about 3,tKk I atr* •, mivlesero»l attempts, commenced to vociferate, “and the	-
rail aliu WllllCl l d	tauiu	to get through during the day, asststco Tiiriej )uve ono for eVcry .'J.'lOO ! Help :	Williamson, W. Va..	Dec. 5	This af-
Tlfcinff effect Nov	°*>	1	BOO	by a force f B ets pern'll,g fr.mi the We are undone by 'ho gerrymander !	ternooii Uuii. S. lhvis	Stokes	shot and
*	°	’	north. These attacks were diiven back ()llr V(ltur3 ure disfrat chiied I Stop killed Rev. John Wold in a street duel!
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa..	4.00p.m , though some ol the Boers from the south	» -	}iere, Mr. Stukcs beirg dangerously :
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa. 125am were able to get through the line.	When to some one showed in (Jut-be i wounded Mi Stakes is ne if the most 'Til ««
Wiring later. D.-e. 14, 1	enei ,he Liberals had one M. I', f.u every promin	yera in Mingoeoun- -L -l5O,
¦eport, that wlple passing fhe lines in the o of)() (|f t||Vir v,,tC8< w|,j|0 the p -or Ci.ii , ly. In an altercation" between the men j neigh hull olnfThabaNl.hu. Da Weir jervatives had only one uiembei fur every | gomething was said, nlu'ist indistinctly, i -force liât considerably. The S >ufh Afri- l:î QOO Conservative voters.	| tl iv drew fi„m Rev. Mr, Wohl the sharp
can light horee andThorneycrofi’a mount	And the f,	beral press has shut	up	Ike	retort. " Y mr are a liar, ” and in an ined infantry captured a fifteen poundei a ; ,ck kiiife.	slant the report of a revolver	was heard,
taken at De W oted rrp, a pom p m, sev- However, we suspect the Ivben's will Stokes stumbled, triel to regain his feet, oral wagons with ammunition, twenty-two ,,j|| ,0y w Hh a lit tin gerrymai .during but fell tv the ground. W, unded as he prisoners and some h rses and mules. I themselves before the next general elec ' wts he drew hie revolver and covered the A portion of the enemy has not been tiun comes around.—Ottawa Journal. minister, now within ten feet of hia fallen able to pass north.	1	j fn«. Again Wohl fireJ and simultanoous-
KEPORTED British sn cEvr,	——	-	" ly with that shot, the gun in the hand of
Cape Town, Dec. 14. -(Specialcable.—	.	60 YEARS’ Stokes spoke. When the smoke cleared
A Boer commando, with ita guns, is re-	EXPERIENCE away the two men lay in their idood upon
ported to have been captured at Nela-	•l|e sidewalk, ihe bullet had entered
pruit on the line of the Dolagoa railway.	JH a	Stokes aide below the heart	and passed
The railway in that neighborhood has	B	f	¦	|	#	'	|	K	Vl	entirely through his hn.y.	Rev. Mr.
been destroyed for a distance of five ^^B J * 1 I J k I J Wohl was recngtnz-d as one of the most miles and the telegraph lines are down.	forceful and eloquent 1 lesbyterian win-
The official total of Boer prisoners in	isters of this it ne.
British hands is given at 14 HOO.	Trade Marks The quarrel between the two men was
Designs	caused by a cartooa taricalunng local an-
Gat. Howard s Men Saved the	'ff!" Copyrights 4c. ciely. which Mr. Wohl used in his ser-
ouns- Èsmmms# -¦
Uü notice, without charge, lu the
Scientific American.

Jt.M


er rate than usual. A conservative course was, however followed, and. after paying !> per cent in dividends, $lli,02S was applied in reduction of bank premises account, and $1,0,000 added to the " rest.” The real, with the above addition, and 82.10,055 representing premium or new stock, now amounts to $1,000,455, or 3 per cent of the capital. The bank has not only done well, but is in a position to continue in the same satisfactory path.

O'
Official Time Table :
f
PM.
Aylmer tBreckeuridge t'Earilley Parker's Crossing t'Mohrs Quyou Wymans 'Tank Bristol McKee’s Shawvtlle Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay (Tank t Vinton Coulonge •Mellon's Wal'bnn)
•Flag Station. tTauk. VFIag Station.
¦>.45 Leave
H.21
’ 01
I
tV.2
M8
l 2»i
Christmas
Groceries.

t, .7


M7
1.56	*'
•.5S
'I


7.M
7.2#
A disease which it is feared is small pox has appeared among Indians on the Crooked lake reservation, near Fort ! Ellice, Man.
" 15
8.00
8u,3
f.12


8.30
*.47


/
w
;
(.55 Arrive

q
Valencia Raisins, Almonds, California Raisins, Walnuts, Malaga Raisins,
Cleaned Currants Evap’d Apples,
Prunes,
P. W. RESSEMAS,
GENERAL SVPE8IXTENDEXT
¦»Al

II
I
eanuts, emon Peel, Citron Peel, Grange Peel, ^ocolate. Relies,
^ Candies,

r
1,1
MINISTER SHOT DEAD.
work m k\ >\.

-a
“ Knox drove De Wet north to the
DTTAffA&GATINEiURY
Tiiaba X'Chu Lady bran 1 lino which was
dl
i





I

Ss„
i
At
Nos 1 amt .'daily except Sunday.
T *

--.. .For ticket* and further Information apply
t. Centra, Char,ber.^U.w^^^^
Uen’l sup’t.
Carraway Wintergret Pulverized Sugar,
\
Apples,
Canned Goods. Spices, &c.
RAILWAY
I
.1
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT, Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
Patents
On anti after Oct. 14th and until further advised train service will be as follows :
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
a (i.IC A. M. - Local—Stops at all intrrmrdMr <ta Tons. Arrives Montreal 9.'-'i a. m. Rockland Bran. It, Huwkesbury Branch, Valley held, connects at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west.
Christmas Presents.
r
t f
A letter was received today from Lieut Morrison, dated Belfast, Nov. (I, in which he gives n graphic account of the light at Koomati river in which he writes that Gat. Howard’s C- It gun section, under Sergt. Holland, did some good work supported by a troop of the H C. Drag none. They were credited with saving the pom-poms.
Glove Boxes, Cao.^rJ.’ -^ Hdkf. Boxes, Toy Books, Cuff Boxes, Mugs, Work Boxes, Cups and Saucers, Marbles
Trumpets,
Tin Toys,
Carriages,
Wool Toys,
Draw’g Slates,Perfume,
Paint Boxes, Mirrors,
Harmonicas, Sachet Bags, Lamps, &c.
Albums, Games, Frames Baskets, Drums Rattles Clocks,
9.CO A.M , Limited, arrive* Montreal 11 20 a.in..
:uk!tm lose, -mue lions with I. <*. lty. Maritime txpres» for Quebec, Halifax, and all intermediate points east. Pullman Parlor Car attached, km,CO A.^Sundays only—Stops at intermediate tarions. Arrives'Montreal 11,00 a.m. Pullman

m


MUNN & Co.36,Broad^ New York
Branch Office (25 F St. \\
y
1.9,*2C ?. M„ Limited—Stops Glen Roller* son, ¦ lIv. Arrives Montreal 6 40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Cur attached. Coum*«ts with trains for Portland and all points east of Mmitrtal. For Y«ille\fluid and ail "points south of the Hi. Lawrem-e River, St. âlluns Burlington, et<\ Arriving Boston 7 VO a. n New York T.'Jo a.m. Has through Bullet Sleeping Car, Ottawa to New York.
6.9C P. M. Loral—Stops at Intermediate stations Arrives Montr ai lo.im n.m. connects at Cot, tu dun lion f ,r Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto. Chicago etc.
RUBBERS
I
* -WV VL '-WWI-V-UWt. \ /VVWWVX

Miser left a Million to Charities, j
L union, Dec. l!i—Mr. R ibt. A riling ton, the eccentric gentleman of Leeds, who lived in a miserly manner in order to be able to devote his wealth to foreign | missions, left over £1,'WO,000 to charities of all kinds.
He made hie fortune out of a btewery , and lived in one filthy room, contamine i about as much furniture as a pauper's hovel. Disappointment in love is said tn have been lesponsible for tho extraordinary life of this tall, spare man. who wore a slouch hat and dressed in frayed garments made in the style of the sixties and who never was known to give away a penny m his life time
1
îà
GOODS WELL SOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD

)


' [	To buy well, watch the lafe.-t price* an«l in- ] |
!»	fcimaiion in the special TRADE PRESS, r
7ho Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper ], The Hardware and Motal Merchant 1 ! The Dry Goods Review	j
The Bookseller and Stationer.
m	Samples 7rce
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited I;
Montreal and Toronto.	; ;

/
Train* arrive at Ottawa C ntaral Depot :
$.11.10 I’M. Loral-from Boa ton, New York, New Kiigland au l Montreal at $i.5i> a. m. Had Pullman Parlor Car attached,
12.15 P. M Limited From Montreal anil points east, having Montrealst u.uO a.m. lias Pullman Pador Car.
9.05 P. M. Local -From M mtreal. and inte rmediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 5,6Ve p. m,
n 6.35 P: M. Limited— From Montreal leaving at 4.10 p.m: Has Pullman Parlor Car.



£'1

arc always acceptable presents.
Anglican Prayer Books Methodist Hymns, Presbyterian Hymns, r

» ¦
will outwear two pairs of Ordinary Common Rubbers.
Search the World and you will find nothing better than
Jmitated by Even- Rubber Manufacturer and Dealer, but no imitation has our specially Manufactured Rope Canvas or Duck, the only fabric which can be thoroughly impregnated with the Para Gum.
When worn out have leather sole put on and use for a Plow Boot.
The J. D. KingCo., Limited^ have the only genuine
Don't buy unless the words are stamped upon the sole of each Rubber; all others are frauds upon the Public.
SiûSîW
5
r
L

StoB^of
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Tnim leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Amprior, Renfrew. Eganville, Pern-hrokr, Barry's Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry Sound and intermediate points.
4.40 P M. For Anipiior. Renfrew, Eganville,Pembroke, Mudawaska and intermediate a talion».
I.	00 P. M. Mixed Train for Amprior, Renfrew, Eganville, Malawaskaand intermediate station».
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
II,	10 A. M. From Madawaska, Pembroke. Egan-ville, Renfrew. Amprior and Intermediate points.
5.55 P. M From Parry Sound, Egan ville, Ben frew, Amprior sud intermediate pointa.
2.50 P M Mixed Train» from Madawaska. Egan-ride, Renfrew, Amprior and Intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
lr
PATENTS
Ladies !
TO APPOINT SIX NEW SENATORS.

—Be sure and see our stock of Silk Ilandker-—chiefs and Ties. Just the thing for giv-—ing to your gentlemen friends for Xmas.
IPRDMPTLY SECUREDlj
interesting looks " Invent" How you ere swindled/'
Statement that Government will take Advantage of the Clause in the B N. A. Act.
Toronto, Dec. 9.—In an article on the filling nf senatorial vacancies, the Sunday World says :	“ A gentleman from Que-
bec, who happened to be in the city, and who is also well posted, said, furthermore, in regard to the senate that the governmeit intends to take advantage of the clause in the Britirh North America Act which allows it to appoint six additional senators, and that at an early dale the e a x appointments will be apportioned, two to Quebec, two to Ontario and two to the Maritime province#. In this way a number of claims for senator-
Write for our
.or s Help" and ¦ P ¦	I
, Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you, free our opinion as to whether it is probably, patentable. Rejected appllcetlons have often been successfully prosecuted *y us. We j conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington ; this qualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents 1 as broad as the invention. Highest reference» t furnished.	_ __ ,1


No Fancy Prices! EmyllE al Common-Sense Prices.

Rubber.
Patent* procured through Morion & Mm-non receive special notice without charge in over ico newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts end Solicitor*.
I New York Life B'ld'r, Montre#! | Atlantic Bldg.WaaHfngton D C.
E. HOGGING & SON.



Central Depot, Russell Goose Block,

Ticket» to Europe and «11 part» of the world by all American nod Canadian ataamahip liuea, alao Cook"»
toon.
a.	Train» ran daily ri-ept Sunday.
b.	Sunday only, e, Daily.


earn


> * \

*
S





.	s,
	
—
