###PAGE###1###


Z
£ A üf ^ *2—

No. 8. 20th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, AUG. 7, 1902.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
•I
BANK OF OTTAWA
A choice stock of picture frame mould ingsat Imixon'rt Stndio

)
FIRST-CLASS
gs I farm fencincI
finish go to ImIson’s Photo Studio.	—"	.. 1
I
Head OfP.ee
OTTAWA, CANADA.
........U.ooe.ooo
......... 1,705,000
CapfUl paid up
OF CANADA.
ONLY
Rest
RAMSAY’S PAINTS-the right Paint to paint right. See new picture ad. Inside page. For sale by O. F. Hedging, Shawvtlle.
Board of Directors :
Charles Maobb, Esq., President. George Hay, ksq.,Vice-President.
How. Geo. Bryson, Jr. John Mather, Ksq. ?lsx; Fraser, Esq , David MacLarbn, Emq.
Dennis Murphy, Esq.
MIDSUMMER
BARGAINS !
CAPITAL - - - $0,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Strayed on to the premise* of the under» signed about two weeks ago—a yearling bull—red and white ; and one two year old red heifer. Owner is requested to coiue and remove the animals at once, will pay expense of advertising.
for gale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
Head Office, • Montreal.
GEORGEBURN I). M. FINN1B
General Manager, .. .. Manager,

Branches :
IN ONTARIO
Keewatin.
Kemptnlle,
M attain,
Ottawa, do
do Bank St:
Place, do Rideau 8t
do Somerset Ht. Winchester. Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falls.
IN MANITOBA
* Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC:
Hull,
Shawlnlgan Falls
Agents In Canada, New York and Chicago-Bank of Montreal.
Agents in St. Paul—Merchants Nat Bank;
Agents in Loudon, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
PERSONAL
ANDREW SLY,
Lot 14, R. 3 Clarendon
SHAHVILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on apprômed ièeurlty at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Alexandria,
Arnprior,
Afonraore,
Bracebridge,
Carleton
Cobden Hawkeebnry,
Lanark,
Parry bound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, Renfrew Toronto,
Mr. James and Mrs. Cuthbertson and Hobgoblins, spectres, spooks or appari- I fh^d hftv*o returned from California.
lions, or all together forming one blood- Mrs. I)unn, Rcachburg, is visiting her refrigerating combination was the sub- brother, Mr. H. T. Argue, ject of animated and serious conver-
mation among some of the brave hearted . * ',e Misses Telford, of Ottawa, are visit youths of the town on Monday morning. | their aunt, Mrs. T. Tubman, of The uncanny visitor, it seems, bobbed up I
serenely at different places an,l at moat Mise Hanna Knox, Beachburg, was unexpected moments along Main Street visiting her aunt, Mrs II. T. Argue between the “kihn pot and Dr. Kleck s, | week, w hile thejboys were ret urning in sundrycon-voyances about midnight on Sunday, and Manager. | the effect is said to have been akin to an
attack of ague in a most acute form of	111
that malady. The case seems to us to Misa Mamie Lafleur, nurse in training merit serious investigation, and we hope St Luke*» hospital, Ottawa, is enjoy, the collector of inland revenue will give her holidays at Bryson.
it his attention.___________________Mrs Francis M A. McNaughton will
Advertisers and correspondents are Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, Sur- —-------------------- — •	¦	------- be at home on Wednesday and Thurs-
remlnded that we cannot assure the geon Dentist, will be at Shawville on Editor Equity.	day afternoons of this week, from four
Insertion of matter unless It la In third Tuesday in each month, and Camp. Dear Sir,—I wish to enquire through to half-past six o’olock. hand hy Monday noon of each week, bell’s Bay the following day to 3 p. m. Jour paper W it is to much too ask of the	lir
Kineo the	, JiSZS*”	bMlSEEE
F .	, T,o8„rvAlLe ,ÎT	J7 EXAGMr• I	th. « *£; S? *"8“n
Four trainmen were killed in a head- tions —The following pupils in Grade Name stamped in black and white in our m, a n v *•	. *	^
on collision near Mindleton, Pa., on II.* Model Department, in addition to local Journal, Tee Equity, to stand theL , .	Wl5;	for George
Monday.	those whose names appeared in last gftze of the general public, and test the Jordon A: Co., at Cache Bay, Ont., was
week's issue have passed the Government genuineness of its quality, before this en | here for the past few days, leaving for examination successfully : Harold Wil	tI,e f*K|nnin* of the twen- home on Tuesday morning Mr. Martin
son, Kathleen Wilson, Luella Dale.	century.	took a number of men with him to en
AtvTi.s Pale___The„„	_	I”
readers is directed to the notice in another column of this issue, of the licitation sale of the moveables of the late William j ^I,IT0R|
McKnight, which takes place on Wedoes- Will you kindly allow mo a little space,
A large party of Pontiackers went I day the 13th inst. by public action and in your columns, at the outset of “ La down on the mixed train on Monday to | without reserve.	I Voix de l’Outaounis,” to hank
join the pilgrimage to Ste. Aaue de Beaupre this week.
Dauphin
Winning,
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Officr Hours Saturdays .
All
Summer Goods and Remnants to be Cleared Out at less
last
Montreal,
Lachute
10 A M to S p.m. 10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER
Miss Maggie McCredie arrived home from California on Thursday evening
last
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
than Wholesale Cost.
Philippines over 16,000 deaths have occurred.
A Big Saving
A coronat ion service will be held in St. Paul’s Church on Saturday morning commencing at ten o’clock.
Wanted to Exchange.—A heavy horse (1,500 lbs) for a driving horse or cattle. Apply at J. A. McGuire’s farm, Murrell's Corners.
be made by buying
here during next Thirty Days.
can
Bryson, August 1st, 1902
Q0R0NATI0N DAY
At Shawville.
near
you, in
were lost but many buildings were than for many years past. Cutting in wrecked.	I the barley and rye fields has also com-
SATURDAY, AUC. 9, 1902.
Program of Sports.
the now organ, and, at the same time, to to thank the public for the confidence placed in me as a lawyer ever since I
srtiSn.tf&TTfiazEllililitl 1	*• «
vote my best attention and give all the work required to the casas which might be entrusted to me. The publication here to compete in the races on Satur- of “La Voix de l’Outaou is” will not in day. Devotees of the track may there- interfere with the exercise of my pro fore expect to see something that will fession for I have made special arrange
please them here on the 9th.	| ments in order that the details of 13-MilUlte TfOt OF PdCe PUFSO $50
printing be	on	should- L M /n
while exercising a profession ^ Ov UclSS '	r UfSô Ou
which 1 love above all and which I shall rrpp fnp a]] u never quit. I wil1, at the same time, 1 cc 1Ui nn fulfill towards my French Canadian compatriots especially, and those that can . e	winners,
read French at large, the public duty of I Running RaCO -	-
ying to them the useful knowledge he circumstances in which I live bring to my
Mr. F. Bretzlaff, of Ladysmith, is the I Saturday, Coronation day, has been I Voix de 1,0 first to hand into this office samples of proclaimed a general holiday by the | I remain, cabbage grown this season. The heads Government, and it is to be hoped all are well formed and remarkably firm, who can will observe it as such, and lay considering the early date. Thanks Mr. B. aside the cares and worries of life for the
Mount is to be ordained in September.
Come in and see what we can do for you.
menced
Manitoba and AsainiboU, August
23rd. only $10.00. All information from WilL be Good Races.—The sports J. R. Tierney, Kail way and 0 an Ticket commit report that from correspondence had "ii the subject, they expect about a dozen first-class horses will be
Base Ball Match
Agent, Àrnpnor, Ont
Between two Crack CountyTeams
The Methodist Church bell, donated by Mr. Francis Wilson, wai hoisted into position in the church tower on Wednesday
Horse Races !
J. H. SHAW.
last
Notice.—Call at the Shaw villa Boot and Shoe Store this week. Great sale going on. Big Bargains for everybody.
M. Stewart.
Silver Medal.—The handsome silver medal donated by the Hon. John Carling to the Agricultural Society fur the beet dressed waggon, laden with farm Dentistry.—Dr. S. R. Martin, Surgeon I products, shown at our exhibition this Dentist, Ottawa, will be at Quyon August fall, has been received, and may be seen
20t“"! Vampbeîrs Bay 21*ta; ConlônçeA?nd,’ Tho^'wJÎi	jewellery 8to™-
and following week, commencing Monday . '0 n,eda. w worth the trouble of mak-
25th. at Shaw ville.	mg a special effort to secure.
ers,
Purse 75
50, 25,15 and 10 per cent of purse to
P. S.—Ladies Fine Shoes 50c. up.
Purse $10
conve that t
Prizes
Entrance Fee—5 per cent of purse and 5 per cent additional from winners. Four to enter, 3 to start. American Trotting Ass n rules to govern.
$5, S3, |2.
mind or shall bring to “La utaouais. ’
Yours sincerely,
Boukbbau Rainville
Athletic Sports.
100 Yard Dash
$3.00, $2.00, $1.00
Hartney, Man.,
Running Hop, Step and Jump
Running Broad Jump
Dear Sir,—As many reports were circu Putting the Shot „	__	I luted last fall about men who came to Obstacle Race
• -T»*0 BB ^ ac^nated.—The Pro- Manitoba and could nut get work I Bicvcle Race vincial Board of Health of the Province thought I would write you to inform all f w
has issued notices to the proprietors of who think of coming out this harvest	*
lumber camps, to the effect that the said that therejisnofear of not getting employ-board has decided to enforce the by law, ment There was some places on the main which enacts that previous to hiring cm- line of the C.P. R. w here there w ere too ployees a certificate of recent vaccina- many men; but on all the branch lines tion shall be required from such em- men were scarce. There was one week ployees. This is done to prevent a re- —the last of the harvest—that there currenco of smallpox outbreak during were a few idle around here, but unco the coming winter. Men who car.not threshing began, and that was the 27th | Admission : produce the required certificate will not of August, there were not enough men. I be engaged this winter in the woods. had four men during harvest, and wanted
Yen Archdeacon Naylor had a very an1other in threshinB time- but =nu4W pleasant crip last week, via the P. P. / * 1 ”ne- "f,tone w°‘« ,to, ',ad- **¦“• ,	_ _____ . _____
aîïïa &K 515 «T-p* «jWFJ LICITATI0NJ
VO Deep River and return, coming home |uy, cou.<? #et ul 1'-hl 11 moïlfc^e { ^^ by C. P. R. to Sand Point. The Arch- 8tood on ®tAt,0U P^t/orm and heard deacon was accompanied by the Rev. Geo. Rien :	^lve ,Iie ^0 a month, and
The young men of the congregation will I Brownlee. At Chapeau, the rev. gentle ,onÎLwork 8<,J\ani t|latl 1 W1 1 8wea{ an(J provide good tables and furnish all the men speak of having received very court-	1 W1 1 8efc °“* and by the look of
music. Mr. Wilson will have something to eous treatment from Mr. F. A. Mayloney,	Hom,u °* them they had never done al	Public notice	is hereby	given,	that on
nay and the Trustee Board will respond, who drove them around his extensive ( ay 8 Y ^ m ,,r *lve8e. man Y « Wednesday, the thirteenth day of August, There will be a message from Rer. Dr. farm—being one of the finest in the wa,l, w , &roun, ierc . J Instant 1902,. at one o’clock in the after-Benson. Rev. T. J. Vickerv, J. Norman I county.	could get it and at good wages. I paid noon, at the residence of the late XV illlam
. SEHEBH	ÉÉBEgÊ^
tion to the parsonage fund.	«	f8* da? inphe week, especially in the even- will come right here, but some af them without reserve, to the highest bidder, all
ing. It is therefore an unfavorable day can’t get away.	the moveables belonging to the estate ef
Founo Dead In Hw Garden. —Mr. on which to hold a celebration, that is if	The harvest is about ten days later than	the ,ftte William McKnight and	Margaret
Leuis Paeche, of Bryson, was found dead people who are engaged in business are	last year, and men who cannot get out	Aminor
in his garden on Monday evening of last to be considered, and afforded a chance for harvest are suie of work and good	^ Mcknight, and com
week. His wife missed him and after	to see what is going on. To meet this	wages once threshing begins. Take Hart-!	Ten first dam n Hrh rn-v*
much searching ho was found dead, lying	contingency here on Saturday, we are	ney alone and we want about 600 men,	Two Marcs? one Horae
on his back a few yards from his residence	requested to make the announcement	for instance, I have in 560 acres of crop—	Eighteen Sheep,
in the garden, where he had been picking	that the stores and business places will	put it all in with the assistance of two	Sets of Double Harness,
berries. The berries were lying beside him	be open all forenoon, close at one o’clock	boys, one 14 and one 12 years old—and 1	One Lumber Waggon,
and a gun that he sometimes used to kill and re-open again at 6 p.m., when the want four men to stock and drive teams X"?	w.rmur
squirrels waa aUo by his euk. Mr. Parohe day ¦ amusements are over. This will during stocking and threshing.	One HoughVo^Double Slriîh.'
has been in ^ very poor health for some afford everyone ample time to make 1 bought a farm last week, 480 acres One Fanning Mill, and all the House time and it is thought heart failure was their purchases, if they come to town on for $10,200. I travelled around a lot	hold Furniture,
the cause of his death. The late Mr. business (done, or wish to combine it this summer butcould find noplace I liked	This Sale le without Reserve to the
Pache who was 82 years of ago, was a with pleasure, while it will allow the as well as Hartney, so I bought from one Highest Bidder, gentleman of high educational attainments citizens themselves to participate in an | of my neighbors, and will move on to the j The conditions of the sale will be: under and was much respected by all who knew enterprise of their own creation. Our place during the winter as I am now on a ' ten dollars cash ; over ten dollars, approv him. His son the Rev. George Pasche, readers will please keep this fact in rented farm.	I	ed notes, bearing six per cent Interest, and
of Ludlowville, N. Y. who was wired the mind, and if they bare business to do, If you will kindly give this letter space P«yab,e months after date will be
|	»»»	•**-	»> «-• =• usraJ
place on Thursday.	the forenoon.	1	w JJ Hodginb. I Bryson, August, 1st, 1902.
July 25, 1902
2.00,	1.00,	.50
2.00,	1.00,	.50
2.00,	1.00.	.50
2.00,	1.00,	.50
3.00,	2.00,	-
Editor Equity
School
Books.
Pontiackers who are thinking of joining the harvest excursions to Manitoba and the west this month are requested to read the advertisement in reference to the same which is published in this isçuse. Further particulars may be obtained from any of the C. P. R. railway ticket agents.
Miss Annie Lang, was tendered a farewell party by members of 8tPaul’s Church choir, and other friends at the rectory on Wednesday evening. During the evening Miss Lang was presented with a trinket in token-of loving remembrance from her friends, which she acknowledged in a few graceful and well chosen words.
On the evening of the 6th of August an opportunity will be given the public to assemble in the Methodist church.
Prize $10
Entrante Fee—10, per cent of purse—4 to enter, 3 to compete. All entries to close at 10 o'clock, a. m., Celebration day,
MUSIC BY THE SHAWY1LLE BAND.
Gate to open at 12 O'Clock, Sports begin at 1, Sharp.
• Adults 25c. Children 15c
R. L WHITMAN, Secretary
A Full Line of
A. SMILEY,
President.
Supplies for Scholars.
PUBLIC SALE WITHOUT RESERVE TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER.
Bring Tour list to us.
WE SELL THE BEST ASSORTMENT YOU CAN FIND.
Pencils, Slates,
Ink, fee.
Everything You need for School at
Text Books, School Bags, Scribblers,


THE DRUB STORE,





SHAWVILLE, QUE.






:
L



£ V

L
f
*v

X






U
L


___J_____:
\
###PAGE###2###
t
THE EBHRE Off FIRM BASIS
that the returns in dollars and cents will more than justify tho outlay.
aiiissisiimis
paper thrust Into hts hand by some | one unknown os he pushed through the crowd Just outside the pavilion in the Plaza del Toros. Of course It will not amount to anything, he Is sure of that, but as curiosity Is not confined to the gentler sex alone, he has a desire to see what It Is, and In order to have a minute alone, has encouraged the aenora in the laudable ambition to show him her wonderful legacy.
Hardly la her form lost to view than the American fishes In his pocket for
é5üh= SEEBEB
wimmmtR
x dare not say. Trust no one save j (ions where those failed. Few fnrm-At any	rate	it gives	zest	I Jour countrymen, and leave	Spain as	ers become millionaires hi fact,
existence, which,	up to	this	,SOim aH	comparatively few millionaires have
period in his career, has been prosaic There is no signature. Whoever this honestly acquired their possessions, dently the Spanish beauty seems to enough with regard to love affairs. trimû ma>’ b*. shc	not dared | Tho means by which a largo major-
thir^k he is some new beast on exhibl- Mercedes and Don Carlos find a I Ul * now ledge her Identity. You see, J ity of men become millionaires is of tlon. Truth to tell, Larry's face is j chance to have a quiet talk, while the Doctor Jack still insists that the writer a questionable nature. A million extraordinarily shaped, and shows a j sen ora entertains Doctor Jack, who 1;4	feminine	lvx.	dollars honestly acquired is a largo
lack of human qualities, more resem- i has announced that he will dine with i ^ singular idea strikes him. He has fortune. Hut, in this ago of pure bllng the head of a fox, from which them, but must leave the house by ^U8t boen lo°kir'g at an elegant vol- commercialism a million dollars as reason Jack judges that he possesses ' half-past seven. He will come again, vmc Cervantes work with them js too often "taken in.” is not some of the cunning of that animal, j and slay longer, but an Important en- nora, and noticed an Inscription considered a massive fortune. Why As he is	Mercedes' cavalier, he must	\ gagement	demands	his	attention at I	xx 1 *tten in tbe ^ront H.	He picks	should the standard of the man be
obey her	wishes,	besides, he can see	eight.	D<m	Quixote up, and opens	the book	| measured by tho dollar anyway?
Avl? agai'\ana what ,he has to	Whe» Me-cedes and the old Spaniard 1 to Whtre he reads
to her will keep, as It is better suited rmst In the small music-room, her
to the Privacy of an hotel parlour black eyes are full of resolution. The than the publicity of the museo.	other laugh, and pats her on the head
The girl Is watching him. She has , as a father might—he Is her uncle, never once taken her eyes off his face and lias the right
•Ince he mentioned hts full name, and - Ho v do you succ cd, child ?" he there is an eager, wistful look In those blue orbs, as though she longs to ask something and dares not.
Doctor Jack rather enjoys the fact that he has assumed a new Importance In her eyes, but he has no desire to play upon the ^subject, for there are grave memories connected with It, thoughts that stir up every emotion within him, and take him back to Scenes in the past that he often wishes he could forget.
“ The senorlta no doubt desires to find her friends
day,” he says, speaking to all, but at Madame Sophie, and that worthy da me replies quickly : —
“ We shall not call it good-by. You will drop In, and see us again. Doctor Jack ? I am quite proud of being a countrywoman of yours after seeing your gallant action to-day. The Fonda Peninsular, remember.”
Jack looks toward Avis, who murmurs something to the effect that she too will be glad to see him. He knows it now that she has learned his name, mired the girl though what magic there may have Jack would call a been in that does not yet appear.
With what seems to be more cere-mo nv than is necessary, he bids each
I
l FOR FARMERS}
BALFOUR IM COMMAND
SHIP OF STATE.
DAIRY NOTES
01

DOCTOR JACK.
To get all of the butter, the cream must bo uniformly ripened.
When milk is an Item, It will pay to feed some grass daily.
No food product costs so much , labor and food us butter.
It is very important to supply tho dairy cow with palatable foods.
Oowa that are good producers rich milk must Ikî good consumers.
in order to secure rich milk start with a rich cow, and feed lier rich foods.	1
£	Seasonable ami Prof!fable
T	Mints for the	Busy Tillers
£	of the Soil.
NOT A GAM F OF	CHANCE.
Cabinet Changes Have Little feet on Business or Poli-
Ef
1
tics
By ST. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Author of "Doctor Jack's Wife/' "Captain Tom," "Baron Sam," "Miss
Pauline of New York," 44 Miss Caprice," Etc.
It is impossible to withhold j„S| at the present moment Homo expression of admiration of the wonderful solidity of British institutions. T|^ London Spectator describes exactly the situation when It says:
"Almost in silence, without a Jar, with no uproar in Parliament no popular demonstration, the com maud of that huge bark, the Bri tish Empire from one ship moves
crew are all at their stations; there is no sign of alarm, no t hought that the course should he altered speed decreased, or the destination .changed. It Is a marvelous testl-|s many to tho order which reigns board, and all the more so because the captain who has disappeared was no more than a figurehead."
PERSONALITY DOESN'T COUNT.
k
I
SSRIRliiS
$
$
and
The pasha excuses himself, and walks away, but Jack notices that he epeaki a low word to Mercedes as he passes, and that lovely woman shrugs her shoulders In a very Frenchy fash-
with the past disguised as a Catalan peasant girl In the flower mart on the Rambla at Barcelona ?
Why was Mercedes
has boon transferred hand to another on undisturlied.
rim
Why did she tell him fehe would be at the bull-fight In Madrid ?
The
Ion
How came she to assume the character of Sister Agatha, a nun from the cloister of San Pedro, the Benedictine church at Gerona ? What was there In common between this derfully beautiful woman and the Turkish pasha ?
It is Jack’s desire to learn where the American ladle*1 are stopping, so he puts the question to Madame Sophie, who replies that they have the best rooms at the Fonda Peninsular, near the centre of the city, where Its life Is dally seen In the grand plaza known as the Puer ta del Sol.
Mercedes is plainly uneasy looks often upon Cousin Larry, who Stands sucking hts cane, and saying | to his little beyond
the
th(
won
on
All these questions can be answered, but It may require time and patience to unravel the skein in Its tangled up condition
the fat globlcs to come close enough to each other to unite and form butter granules save t he
She
Nothing could be morn impressive A desire to than,the circumstances of Lord Sal-extra work that would isbury's retirement as Prime Min-come from two churnings is fro- , istor, and demonstrated how little qucntly responsible for poor results; personality counts In the operation tin* extra quart of cream ovot above the proper amount, in churn can easily choke the machine known sufficiently to bring out the work is much truer than the short sighted sufficiently to string out. the work view taken by the Saturday Hcview to a wearisome length; two quick, when It says:
easy churnings are better than one "The declaration of peace with the long one. A churn half full will do illness of the King seem to have better and quicker work tlmn one haunted the nation's capacity for two-thirds full. The time will bo emotion. Nothing else can explain shorter, tho butter will cornu better the indifference with which tho mound the buttermilk will show less montous changes of the last week butterfat, when the churn is not have been received by the public, overloaded.	“Now that the war is over and tho
coronation has not come off. what can it matter who is the Prime Minister or Chancellor of the Ex ! chequer? This is apparently i people's mood. It Is childish enough, no doubt, and is particularly conspicuous amongst the business section of the community.
bah Jove !” and evi
uni of the greatest machine for human the government which the world
Spectator’s
has
ex
| But, taking the average of all occupations, we assume that there are fewer bankrupts in farming than in any other calling. Few make great fortunes, but thousands live comfortably on a smaller investment of capital on the farm than would give them the same independence and comfort in any other business. The
mere accumulation of money is not There is more virtue in fJio white-the highest measure of success in wash for the poultry house than this life. The man who has made a most people are willing to credit, happy and comfortable home for There are two ways to apply white-those who arc dependent upon him, wash to a poultry house. One is and who has been a useful man in with a brush, and the other with a L ' the community may not have laid spray pump. These pumps are otill P a great fortune for his children, tainable almost anywhere now, and but if he has made them good citi- are the best implements for putting zens, he has done far more service on whitewash. The sides and ceil-for his country than many a mil- ing of the poultry house should be lion a ire.	given tin application of whitewash.
To my Uncle Don Carlos, ” With much love
Mercedes
Now he has what he wants, and lo> ing th* note beside the inscription, he compares the two with calm deliberation, makes allowance for the studied work on one and the hurry visible with the other, and then decides positively that the same hand both.
asks
WHITEWASH
“ Everything was going along beautifully until we met a tall girl with a face—well, 1 am not fool enough to say she Is ugly, but certainly her looks I penned
are poor beside myself. I know not This stirs up the waters of the 81-w here he ever met her before, but he j loam pool again, and renders the loves her. I am sure of It. I could see j situation more muddy and complicated It In his looks, try to disguise them j than before. Ho has believed that if as he would. Why, at times he seemed | there Is a deep and mysterious game as though he would eat her."	being played Mercedes Is in it—his
Poor Doctor Jack, Is this your won- | Barcelona adventures tell his derful acting, when a pair of black , hence how comes it that she sends eyes can so easily fathom the secret | him warning ? Can It be that after of your heart ? Don Carlos frowns.
XV hat an Interest he takes In Jack's
the
EFFECT ON BUSINESS
The news that tho King Imd undergone an operation sent funds down three-quarters per cent. Tho announcement that tho Marquis of Salisbury had retired as Prime Minister and that Sir Michael Hicks-Luck has little to do with farm- The roosts and nestboxes should not Bench would do likewise as Chancel-ing. At times one man may seem be neglected. The whitewash should lor of the Exchequer in a few weeks to have a series of misfortunes from be of the consistency of thick cream, was actually followed by a rise in which his neighbor esctqies, but in and it will be found a good plan the commercial barometer, as if nearly all cases, neglect somewhere to put some kerosene in each pailful, some incubus had been removed. Yet. may be traced as the cause of “bad Mites can be killed and lice will not °f course, the sovereign had noth-luck." The man who thinks as well survive where a frequent and thor- b g to do with the government, ns works, grows in ability to uc- ough application of whitewash is while the Prime Minister and tho com.plish. To him that hath shall given. One can put on some old , Chancellor of the Exchequer fill two be given—the good book says—it is slip of a garment, an old hat, and '<>f the most important posts in the given to him that hath, because he with spray pump can, in a few min- ministry."
will know how to use it.	utes, have a good application of The fact is simply that, especially
whitewash that will make everything in times of peace, the coining or go-sweet and clean. What falls on the ing of any man is the merest trifle lloor will make n good floor itself in effect on the welfare of the Bri-when mixed with the hard dirt or tish Empire. No changes, save
I must say good
witnesting his feat in the arena she has compassion on Mm, and desires to undo her share in the conspiracy ?
The note must have been written on the sly while the last hull gaged. Doctor Jack remembers that she seemed to be doing something—he thought searching in her Spanish reticule for bon-bons.
Another thought comes to him, an-1 causes a smile. This note was written before Mercedes set eyes on the bright American girl, and perhaps she would not carry the same project out now. Circumstances alter cases, you know.
love affairs. It is surely worth something to have a friend like that.
" Carlssima ! If what you say is true It will give us trouble. What was the girl like r
“ Rather tall, queenly head, blue o> es, stylish appearance. She was with a stout senora, and a monkey man.”
was en
I saw them at the museo, and ad-
She was what Doctor stunner
Imagine he is very much in love with her ? ’
So you
SHADE FOR DAIRY COWS
*
No more common mistake is made ,	,	,	,	P4.	¦	, . . Al	,	..
by amateur dairymen than that of conl nshcs- or of whatever material. those indicated by the people them-
al lowing cows to run in pasture dur- ]tlle lloor is made- Make free use of selves, are of any moment. It filling tho summer without any shade ' w!’ilcWftsh from now on duri»g the lows, therefore, that tho discussion whatever. Who lias not. noticed RCt^V0 >oason of lice and mites, and of the reorganization of the minis-that horses under average conditions sec how few of thom will he found try. which is now proceeding, is of will do a fair day’s work and thrive at tlle c,ose of l,le season. The little more than personal interest to fully as well as others that are run- 'fig,lt aKaillst vermin must be per- the individuals concerned, and their
Mercedes Gonzales see Doctor Jack “Ah! you give me an idea, girl, his action ; but ever cool, he is in no lcat ",Mm Standing still than when I ---- 1° 1 tn M mcip.e in\olMd am pop
Rrjzazt n.'nz	srxz	m,. &gn&c?.sts1
* *“ '~k	11 h,r«ïiïiT	£?ræ	a* JSsiSSSsB E1
, ..................
iipsëhI^eip p; ™ usiim*:: _
^	ssuxsw-tstesrÂr^s- » z
Jiuk must not	leave	tMs	house at	he longs to have solved must remain	to rUn out during the entire day. | and broom, not the cage of a	tame <)r,ln*’ ils peculiarity consisting in
He is	In	the spiders web—to	secrets beyond his reach.	The turning of the animals into a , beast, as his master had done, but I tllc Utic of tho earth instead of the
Mercedes Is asked to sing, so they	darkened stable also affords an ex-j of a splendid untamed tiger	which nir ft biodiuin for the electric cur-
but the	adjourn to the music-room. This is a	ce]jont means of combating the dis- lay asleep on the floor. The	fierce ' md ‘ J method has 1 ecu ahris-
turbing effects of stable flies. These animal awoke and fixed its eyes tcned t,lc Armorl system. Not only are a great nuisance and interfere upon the man, who calmly proceeded ttro telegraphic signals transmittod seriously	with the milk	flow.	, to wet his large sponge.* and. un-	t-hrough the ground, but sounds are
In case	it is too much	trouble to j terrified, to rub down the tiger as	conveyed us over a telephone circuit,
turn animals into the stable and if I if it had been a horse or a dog ; » T*10 en^rc apparatus, too, js so shade trees are not available it will j while the tiger, apparently delight-	1 t, 11 1)<).V of ten might carry
prove profitable to construct an in- cd by the application of cold water nml 80 ^inplo that a child of five
A cheap shanty rolled over on its buck, etictched can °Perate i{- 11 is 80 cheap that
out its paws, and purring, offered anyonc wiUl the u^ost modest of in-every part of its body to the Cos-, comcs Cou,d own a complete telesack, who washed it as complacently	grftI>h a,ld telephone outfit, and onus n mother bathes her infant. Then	joy conversation with friends in the
he left the cage, and would have re-	C(,untry whon ,lc felt 80 disposed,
pcated the hazardous experiment	liy simP,y living two steel pegs in-
upon another savage beast from the	to thc gronild thc operators establish
desert had not Pezon drawn him (>fT i	a current ovor which il is P< s«ib!o
with difficulty.	| to converse up to a distance ol
twenty miles.
” I know It. Where ere your eyes ?
They were given to me to use. Besides, the pasha himself was struck.
Ho had met her before, and I think fiorn his manner ne would give her weight in gold for this Senorita Avis I cedes herself standing in the door
Doctor Jack has finished his scrutiny, and imagined half a dozen different thccrits, when the rustle of a dress catches his ear
one good-by, shaking hands with Ma darno Sophie first, then Cousin Larry and last of all Avis herself.
This is the opportunity he has look ed for. The others are laughing be
cause a fat man has become wedged could he find her in the slave-mart of I wav in between two flanks of the crowd. Constantinople
Is It the senora re turned ? Ke looks up, and finds Mer
dividual ambitions. Tho lack of
" I shall call upon you this evening at eight, Miss Avia thing to tell you, something for your ears alone, connected with one I knew and loved—your brother, Aleck. Shall I be welcome ?**
I have some
And looking frankly, fearlessly, in to his eyes she replies “ yes."
Then they separate, each party re suming the tour of the gallery In dif frent directions
Mercedes Is quick to note a change in her attendant cavalier
THROUGH THE EARTH
This piques the Spanish beauty at once
fend a woman quicker than to see that for Doctor Jack before, but now a her attractive powers have been overshadowed by a rival.
There Is nothing what will of
eight
escape now may mean ruin She Is intensely agitated man does not seem to share her alarm, cosy apartment with a leaning toward He Is not in love with Doctor Jack, Oriental luxury, hoft divans for loung-and that makes all the difference in Ing, and draperies that hide the walls.
There are many	Instruments
“ Bravely said, child. I admire your here, from a piano and harp down to Iluck, but, caramba, we must not let a guitar and native mandolin. Mer-hlm see our hand yet. If he insists cedes is wise enough to leave the form-upon going we cannot forcibly detain j er alone. It is hardly In harmony with him
She may not have cared a great deal great burning passion eats Into her soul
Sh*
loves—the spontaneous growth of this plant In the heart of a Southern woman of the Latin races Is not uncommon deep and sudden, though far from being as lasting as the slower flower growing In more temperate zones.
the world
Their passions are
expensive shade roof on six or eight standards will afford a much needed protection. Thc very fact that animals always seek out such places as will afford any shade whatever is on indication that they have a natural craving for it during the hot weather, and if this is supplied by some inexpensive means there can be no doubt but
he muses
its surroundings, which are decidedly Moorish In colors and hangings.
Heating herself at the harp, she strikes a few sweet chords that en-you have the drugged cigar. It will chant Jack. Then in a low voice she make him sleepy and—well, he will begins. Jack has heard Patti and all disappoint the American girl at eight the lesser lights of the operate stage ¦harp," with a thrill of triumph in her time and again—he loves music, too, voice as she pictures the hour passing | and is a little inclined that way—but
never In all his life as a rover has he " A bright idea, girl. I have that I listened to such sounds as fall from cigar up in my loom, and will get | the lips of this Spanish beauty, never
has he seen so lovely a minstrel.
The volume of melody Is at times like a mighty rushing river, and again Of what ?”	I as if it were a laughing, gurgling
That you do not make a mess of | brooklet, clear and grand. The theme
Is the old story of love, always new and as Jack listens he feels the Strang While this side play has been going I est sensations creep over on In the music-room, Doctor Jack though he were slowly but surely being At last they meet Don Carlos and | and the senora have chatted in the | chsrmed. the senora. Jack catches a slgnlfl cant glance, which the former ex
changes with Mercedes, and once more I arily tear hie mind away from Avis
the suspicion flashes Into his brain | and laugh with the good dame, who Is I on her lovely face, magnificently form-that the old Spaniard may not be the genial company for any one, and ed arms, and sees the dreamy passion warm friend he has believed up to | amuses Jack with her broken English. | half veiled In her black eyes.
^BPBH^^^MIMiBMI^^M^HMBBBWBBBMBHBBBB^BMThi»	he
Mercedes complains of being weary, I and she tills him of a relic which has I on his guard he may forget himself, so they pass out and enter the car- been handed dewn for centuries in her j and be drawn Into an entangling alliage, which soon leaves them at the famllj. She has it in her room along | llance with a foreign country, which, residence of the Spaniard. This is wlth her o*ads and crucifix, and will : as a true American, believing In pure quite a fine house on the Del Prado, i set it. So she goes, and Jack Is left Jeffersonian principles, he Is averse to where they find every comfort.	fapmarlly alone for the first time doing, so he sets himself to watching.
The day Is declining, and Doctoi elnce he was Intruded upon by Don and, although thoroughly enjoying the Jask la invited to dine with them. Carles while at his morning ablutions, music, docs not let Its sweet power whrch Jja can hardly refuse to do. Be-	^ *8 an opportunity he has been j overcome him again.
has a great curiosity to fat- looking for these two hours back. Half line of mysteries connected * dozen times he has remembered th*
You forget—the cigars
As a last
resort, If he insists upon going after music and dinner have failed In turn,
This bold American has won her admiration to begin with. He has braved death In the arena for her smile. Yes, there are other causes why he should belong te her, and she Is not true daughter of Spain If she sits calmly down and allows him to be taken from her by this girl from over the sea. Deep down in her heart there is a tumult raging pest upon the shore, surging high at times, and yet above are fair skies, •miles, and a placid countenance. You can trust the intelligent girl of the nineteenth century to hide her emotions.
her heart on her sleeve, to show how It has been riddled by the numerous flirtations of the past.

with Avia waiting in vain
It beats like a tern
A Great Cure in Welland
it
“ Be careful," she whispers as he moves away.
>


k
She does not go about with
It and smoke the wrong cigar " Have no fear of me."

An Old and Highly Re»pooled Resident Cured of Kidney Dlee&se and Liver
Troubles by Dr Chases Kidney-Liver Pills,
him. as
Spanish drawing-room over a number of things, for he manages to tempor-
Truly, worse things might befall a man than to be loved by this wonderful woman, he thinks, as he gazes up-
le Hanot* at night and depression of spirits.	_	HBBH^HI _____________	____
corn-
bad spells with indigestion, fever '.rod rest-
By and by they speak of curiosities,
1 WtiS.
so and are well.
BB^^B^BB^Bto the vahie of new» to others who are afltfMed #g
Dr Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills, one pill a dose, 25 cents a box. At all dealers
Os , Tarants
HI
Ldmaason, lUvv id
(To tie Continued.)



tm









1
s.

###PAGE###3###
¦


r
¦ ¦
»
1» MERRY OLD INULAND
“ !1"™!
SEVERAL MILES INLAND	*
To Recognize Purity.
Adulteration has grown to auch a flne art, that It Is almost Impossible for a woman now-a-daye to do-tect the false from the true; but a the Land That chemical analysis will always detect
e" SSSSwnu? Co“- I SMa a„B JÆT I Ceylon Te. I. th. finest
ion Government, after a number of ( ¦ ©* tnO world prOdllCOS» Opposite the harbor of Arlca
SS.T.S’S.	'• «old only In !... Sr.rAtÆ
Try Sunlight Soap—Octagon Bar- packet».	lhe tropical forest a large, full-rig-
K!.™T.S hÏÏÎ %%% Black, Mixed and Green.	1°, t.
- «.rjurss I - • ,h“ "	—	*"
':r;:;r:::.....iiiii food and roots	c^SSi...
Î!o07lo“k,l.UOO1 tZT °f : HINTS ON ECONOMICAL PORK I 0fficia^t®et^tSreS^7f theatSeahse * ^oono^t l:rnJa\ppH^'t I F M Û S Fifteen years is the age of a boy	PRODUCTION.	1 11 Mistress 01 the Seas- such cases, and this they rattle off I» Step If" W 81 W
who has just been appointed organist	—.	The official annual statement of merrily, the while a good-natured
of Ht. John's Church, Driffield. | ^he Farmer May Make Forage navi*ation nn<1 H,liPPing of the Unit- Krin illumines their normally stolid,
Lord Kitchener has been appoint-	^ nt T* »,	Kingdom, issued recently, shows | mahogany-colored countenances:
cd to Hon. Colonency of the 5th riants the Chief Item of that in one major industry, at ! senor, she sail hero nil by herself Battalion Lancashire Fusiliers	His Pig Feed. *	least, Great Britain is more than 0,10 <iuy many years ago."
WflMPi
fecter Mueeum's tollectlon of when the amount fed form* only a| numbered 247,878, or slightly more CAnnvW(J A CRUISER INLAND.
M£55=£;î: iss.	«i"r;s.ST,s
“«Æf ¦—*"*“ js« s” “!i£r“£“ -*iAs	ln™
H §^®,*SS	r;	™	|
Sand-martins nnH	clover, and a bit of clover stubble exceedingly reassuring, showing that float her.	ln an occan of water*	| Magdala. He was then 14 years old.
“  ....... ^
Rape.—Of all the crops used here of the most suc- I so far for pasturing pigs, rape quite consul 1 features of the whole scheme ; easily of coronation decoration.	I points
là lUeAsmCs
HEWS BT MAIL ABOUT JOHN BULL AND HIti PEOPLE.
frKrmmm/ 4^i4/ 4UÿÂJ‘am s^htsysio eCfvn/hïnÿ t£P
Also Carried a Man-of-War Clear Over a Town and Back
Again.
Occurrences in
Newspaper kiosks after the French •tylo arc to be erected in the streets of Liverpool.
Kaiitham, a pleasure resort near Liverpool, has dubbed itself the Uiohmond of the Mersey.
For the first
years
y
Week-how-cur-
$3.50
Extra Fine Stock
300 or 360 elze,
The DAWSON COMMISSION CO Limited, TORONTO.
PER BOX.
Theflneet me tehee In the world, mod# from •eft eerky pine, and •tpeolally suitable for -ienwetle uee put up In meet eliding box»#,assorted oelere each hex containing Lbeui 5»e match three hexeeln a peek
•r*.
Every holy ask
E.B.Eddy’s
Headlight Parlour
Matches
Non-
Sulphurous.
Odorless.
Every Stick— A Natch
Every Mitch— A Lighter
for
ques-<lue
99
11
now
For **## by All FI ret Clan Doalere.
¦i»p« Ihe CoefTt
„	a ad war*. oC the < eld.
fnia'lr# B com e-Qu lame jaW#U Id am# dây. Ne vUrc. No fay F
A Colchester photographer, Edward Sterling, has died from the effect» of swallowing chemicals used in his business.
rJhe biggest petition ever presented to Parliament was the Charities1 petition in 1848. It bore 5,706,000 signatures.
7*
cure a rtee U o*
become
veri-
holcs or pits of vast depth.
Mine's Liniment Cures Distemper.
Vic-
1*1
% SS.-Ï rz. , "%'^a r .«¦>.. «... rrirr=r^F suss-usk a« e '»» -'*-- » - *- »
tons.	a good lirai carcass. Itnpe may be tier’s slippers after his big sister X ,	.	' eeparate the oast(r'«MHHHSjiUa
expected to be fit for pasturage from when she starts on her wedding lin< wes 01 a shorcs-6 to 8 weeks from dote of sowing, tour.	RAILWAY RUNNING ON ICE.
It should be sown in rows about L>4 The wise man formerly built his The effect, when gazing downwards ,ast	IM . I. J.
inches apart, since when so grown it	house	on	a rock, but now he builds	out of the carriage windows was	travelers fell,	not. downwards	as
gives the greatest return per	acre,	it on	the	sand,	and calls it. a	sea-	said to have been most uncaimv. So	raight havc been	expected, but
and is best adapted for pasturing. s‘(,c hotel.	clear was the ice-sheet covering the wards. Luckily a denser stratum of
It should be sown fairly thickly in « is probably called the “almigh- well-nigh fathomless depths below air* answering to the bottom of the the rows, say three pounds of seed *y dollar' because it prevents some	and so pure the water that thou-	'P^ *n question,	was	encountered
per acre. An acre may be expected girls from breaking into the spinster	sands on thousands of'salmon and	when they were	a few	hundred feet
to carry from 20 to 40	pigs	class.	other large fish could be plainly seen	from tlle ground,	and the downward
through a season, depending on	the	Lie	average	woman doesn't	care	| swimming about, and the startled	rush of the balloon was checked
season and the condition of the îiny more for the privilege of voting	traveler was almost able to per-	^ by contact	with	a pneumatic
crop when the pigs are turned in. than the average man does for the	suade himself that he was being	cushion.
Vetches. Vetches also are valuable privilege of putting a baby to sleep,	borne by some goblin train over a
as forage for swine, and may be, under exceptional conditions, sown late in the season. Especially is this true of the hairy Vetch, which species has the peculiar quality of growing up again after having been cut oil and eaten down, have Oatsr—Probably no green crop will fir- I give a better return in pork than
How's This !
ac-
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
The Canadian arch in Whitehall, London, was one
the earth appeared to be rushing up to meet them with the speed of an express train, and the bags of bal-
out by the alarmed
The salary of the American 1 resident, his allowances for clerks and secretaries, and the upkeep of White House
cost but $300,000 a year
Churches tu.d chapels along the coronation route in London have made a profit of over £70,000 by the grand stain's and the sale of scats.
Out of every £1 received by the London hospitals 9s. lOd. i* contributed in the form of legacies, 8s.
7d. in charity by the living, only Is. 7d. by patients.
The Earl of Glasgow, who has tered on his 70th year, is an ex-post captain of the navy, who saw vice both in tho Crimea and In the Chinese war of 1857.
As an excuse for being intoxicated at Halifax, a soldier just returned from South Africa pleaded that he had not had a drunk for two years and a half. He was discharged.
Tunbridge Wells Volunteers
obtained a new rifle range, the	__
ing points of which extend over one	oats. They may be sown late or I
of the large irrigation farms owned	early in the season at the rate of 5 He Was in Convulsions and thej	Among some	savage and semi-savor 6 bushels to the acre and the	Doctors Told His Wife He Could	atfe races, and	notably among	the
With the aid of a single charge	Plgs turned on about a month after	£ot Liv® Til1 Morning, But He	Esquimaux of	Greenland and	the
consisting of 40Tb of powder they Rcrminate. The fault of this | Recovered.	odas of the Neilglicrry Hills, in in-
wmmm mm -
late in the fall or very early in the He is Mr Gcorce II Vont n *1 lut ions, while all the time the mo- Egyptian soil holds the world's rc-spring.	The pigs may be	allowed to	printer in the employ of the Hank	f ^ ?, ,tho. b.aby Kocs about her	cord for fertility. Its best 10,500
Careful Mothers	Should	Keep	at	! feed on	it in October and the early	Note Comuanv nf Wellington Sf	household duties in the	ordinary	square miles support 928 people to
H“4 ,hT *""¦11 Ch,cl “¦ 1	iStete	™,T Fm.,™
cio[) foi brood sows In spring and case which gradually grew worse Whole libraries of books have been
ftl“,	{	, , ,	,	till he had to quit work and was written by learned and scientific
J.nîrT T °VlCVf0rj,gel confined to hl« bed where he remain- People to try and explain tho why tops are suitable for poik produc-1 C(j for game months.	and wherefore of this curious siinu- 375 million herrings were caught
tion, the sorts mentioned	above bo !	Physicians were in constant attend-	lation of maternity, but its	origin is	last season by English fishermen in
this	period.	Dysentery	I mg ,J<>	1 y	!	ance u^on him, but instead of im-	still shrouded in mystery.	All we	the North Sea. This is the record
cholera infantum and aIIE BEST F0Tt CANADA. proving he gradually grew worse know for certain is that traces of it take.
disorders of the stomach are alarm- The 9u?8tio» as to the advisability j and worse.	‘	are to bo found amongst practically
ingly frequent during the hot moist of aVowing pig8 10 graze' or shut-1 At last he became bo low that his aboriginal peoples, and that it is	to till i cold in exr. saw.
weather of the Summer months	At	l!ng 111 a *nal1 pen ana Icetiinff them	body became terribly bloated end	practised in	its entirety among Take Laxative Promo Quieim#	TaWeW	Ad
the first sign of any of these, or	anv	^ gl’ecn crops ooes not seem to	hie skin like tunned leather. He had	tribes removed	so far from one an-	aVaia-ï	^	e!!oh tan*^#2 EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE # BAND
of the other ailments that'afflict lit-	;>osi lively settled yet, for . convulsions, which increased in fro- other as the poles are asunder.	'	Lowest price* ever quoted, Fine dual
tie ones, give tiabv's Own TnhW» whlle greater daily gams may be cx- quency and the Intervals between Miles down in the abyssmal depths	- 300 Illustrât Ion», mailed free. Wnteuiforiny
isr^ssrJ1jrsfjss	— tss	« um c« ipu*. 'ffiSTmtSTm*
ailment». Keep them in the houan lte” ,°f exLtra labor ,or cuttin8 und I One night after a particularly bad those strange forms of life whose	r
their prompt. use mnv save a nre-	fora?®’	! "Veil the physician, told his wife very existence even was practically
cioiia- little life Mrs Herbert iliim- . A“°A , it,em of *°1me Importance that he could not live till morning, unsuspected Vrior to the Challenger’s ham. Smith s Fall# Out anv«	—	tQ the . e.r 18 the comparative	A messenger was despatched for a	famous voyage.	These fishes are exit hen roy eldest 'child ' was	Wx	f°"om? Wlnter and summer feed-	box of Dodd’s Kidney Pills which	posed to a risk	which no other llv-
rsrjs tr.zf	% ¦£“*“* ^ - * &%*«%%%%. *
door. My doctor advised me to u«c E?rk ?my, Produced at about Mr. Kent did not die. On the con- Usually the accident overtakes the Bab\ e Own Tablets and in twenty PCr bu,ndred Pounds, live weight, tnary in about two months he was creature owing to its veracity; for
mmàmw
'F-P'"- ..." - At2SMÎS ÏÏUÏS1	— 5S-
tured and grow plump and rosy In every wheel and a sum equal to twie homes where Baby's Own Tablets day's Uibor yearly from all the are used. Children take them ns | habitants, readily os <*aj*dy, and crushed to a powder they can be given to the youngest infant with the best suite. Sold at drug stores or you can get them poet paid at 25 cents a box %y writing direct to The Dr.
WU1 taros' Medicine Co., Brock ville,
Ont.» uf Schenectady, N.Y.
would
the
thrown
his official residence.
up-
and
I bought a horse with a snpposed-as ly incurable ringbone for $30.00, cured him with $1.00 worth of MJ N A HD’S LINIMENT, and sold him in four months for $85.00. Pro-Wns | fit on Liniment, $54.00.
MOISE DEROSCE, Hotel Keeper.
St. Phillip's, Que., Nov. 1st, 19011
en-
ser-
A little boy four years old — very much taken up with his Sunday school teacher. Hut returning from school the other Sunday, he went crying to his mother and told her the teacher had been telling stories. "What has he told you.
phantom ocean. Since, however, a regular service has been established, passengers are spared this experience. Instead of laying a temporary track upon the frozen surface,
MAN'S WONDER |^uge ice-breaking ferries have been
built, each one of which Is capable
of transporting a complete train j ^ien» Iny darling ?" lie told us
that angels Watch all round our bed at night, mother’s
FM DEATH’S BOOB.
AN OTTAWA
FULLY NARROW ESCAPE
across the lake
There are nt least 100 varieties ol flesh-eating plants in the world, but three only are common in Britain., They are tho sundew, butter wort* and bladderwort.
##
"So they do," was the reply. "How can they, mamma, when my side is against the wall »
by the local town council

W P c 113»
Monkey Brand Soap makes copper
like silver, crookery and windows Like
the solid quarry.
rock in
the most popular dentifrice
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
HOT WEATHER AILMENTS
ments That Otherwise May Prove Fatal.
Minard's UiiiiM cures corset in sons
When the weather is hot the sands of the little life are apt to glide away before you know it. You can’t watch the little one too carefully Fit] diarrhoea,
Preserves the teeth. Sweetens the hrsath. Strengthens the gums
Brass Band
Instrumente, Drums, Uniforms Etc

Toronto, Ont end Winnipeg, Men
"C lari bel, do you feel timid about asking your husband for money ?" "No, pa; but sometimes he seems to feel kind o’ timid about giving it to me."
>
Cents*Suits Cleaned
« t
or Dyed •nd Hoi GOLD
; also Ladies" Wear of all kinds,
sas? imt"* pUob
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO Y
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa A Quebec.
MIoariTs Liniment Cures Colds etc-
Dominion Une Steamships
Montreal to Liverpool Beaton to Liverpool. Portland to Liverpool Via Qoevas-
Latiu and Past Steamships. Superior ncoonvr odatlom lor allclamee ofpataengera h.looaa and Buiereem# ¦**«*.;« Special sttentier hM bem siren to tie Stroud Saloon and Third Ola* accommodation Pg
Fer Srcr Slitr Tears.
softona the game, allays ell palm, ceres wind colic, amt -----------------------
A HIGHER STRATUM
____A ... A. .	¦ ¦	« The muscles of neither are strong
ment rt< h it,g the detail» of his case enough to drive them down again
an us cure.	I to their proper home at the bottom,
for both are more or less exhausted at by their exertions; and the result is My that both the attacker and the at-con- I tacked arc, owing to the distention
gases within their bodies, the I borne swiftly and more swiftly up-the wards to the surface, which they we reach in a dead or dying condition by ocean Specimens of this state, ruptured,
land distorted with agony, are not
'Wmm i»
• rtkfgii ix-
STIlXKSISIal
in-
• I!* Hold
Twealf-flte le suie and
Don’t you have any servants all to keep this hotel clean ? room is in a fearfully dirty 111 dition," complained the victim of a |of the summer hotel ad." "That is HT	fault of the wind I" declared
¦	m ito/sts in the proprietor blandly. "You know
world, 24 millions are to be found advertise!	I Ï

be,all

In Highland regiments 12 men per 1,000 are over 6 feet in height; English, 6; and in Irish 1
R
t


FATHER OF THIRTY
There is a happy father of thir- | TMiy* child Belgium, twice, and of twenty
or t ris! f ti I Mrti,Mt4 bel##* ht'4


who lives at Beveren,
Ok. h“
ers?» I «gfâgwar
Of the 70 million
X
,93hfi
— "8w«„ '
hr
' r
TtIoromo
i

«
x

V-i

N
ACâtrJi 'Â


• *—

-J

j
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
Make Hay
SHAWVILLE.
(standard) OU to 7.*
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 7, 1902
Wheat
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
1 lour per barrel, $1.00 to $0,00 Oats per bushel, 40 to UOc. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per hush. Rye, per hush, 15 cents,
Kggs, per dozen, 13c.
Butter, per pound, 14 to 15c. Wool, per i>ound, 13 to lev. Pelts, each, 35 to 45c. within a mile of the “mia-mia" (hut)of I Hides, $4.50 to$5.50. her marrie i daughter. If she did so the Calfskin a, 45 to 05 cents each, husband was authorised by the tribal law | — to use the club. The professor expressed admiration of the drastic method of preserving domestic peace and tranquility.
v
• * • *
G/fV)
According to Prof. Baldwin Spencer, formerly of Ox fold, now of Melbourne 1 diversity, the blacks of Cei ttal Australia are free fr.tu one “white man’s burden.’ Ho has spent several years making ethnological investigations among them, and one of his discoveries was that a mother-in-law was not allowed to come
Wtyle the Sim Shines
and Buy your
The W|assey-Harris
OBINDER
Haying & Harvesting Tools
from us.
Our prices are away below the other fellows.
What Do You Think of This ?
2 Straight Handled Hay Forks for 05 cents. Scythes at 50c, 70c, and 75 cents each. Three-prong Hay Forks, bent handle at 35 cents.
# #
# #
e #
# s
RIGHT AT THE FRONT '
0
with a full line of—
The aim of every purchaser for 1902 should be to to obtain the Binder
That is Light of Draft,	¦
That will Last Many Years, and 1
That is adapted to cut any kind >
of crop that may present itself
The Njassey-Harris has all these Advantages,
Sylvester machinery
The Ottawa men who went to South Africa looking forward to a year or so of active service an 1 reached there just as peace was announced have reached home benefitted by their trip, but without any practical experience in the field. They will of course come under the order that has gone forth from the war office that all soldiers of Hia Majesty's forces, whether imperial or colonia', who reached South Africa after the conclusion of the terme of peace will not be entitled to the South
African medal nor to the war office gra-1 Ware rooms next door to I). McRae’s shop tuity of five pounds
By this decision the whole of the men of the 3rd, 4th 5th and 6 th regiments of Canadian Mounted Infantry will be disentitled to obtain this, to Canadians, much coveted decoration.
Also ft stock of
ADAMS’ WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES. DOWSKLL’S WASHERS, WRINGERS and LEADER CHURNS.
Just Received—A Car-load of new Salt.
MACFARLANE BROS.
A Call Solicited.

O
R. J. HAMILTON.
P. SI. Hay Forks.
SMART & SMITH.
The provincial premiers who are to meet at Quebec next month to lay plans for putting on the Dominion treasury the responsibility for their local extravagances have the outlook for an uphill struggle before them. A considerable section of the Liberal press is against them in their demands, and no Conservative paper seems to favor them. There is a chance that they may find themselves regarded in the light of nuisances, and their government* as needless burdens. —Montreal Gazette.
Get Ready for It ! : 1902
Qttawa s CLARENDON 0IUICH CLASS # MEDIUM GREAT | ROLLER MILLS!*! ________________
PAIR!
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
FURNITURE.
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
Australia Leads Canada
îsFSrlNrlû IAUtiUS1 m-m	Î?Æ
.IS 1SJD pir3t 0f th9 Big Sh0TS- We want Hard Milling Wheat
—rsa	j x&nt nev and (Toyel features 1 ',iKl,cst pricc f,,r iL
established and steamship lines suited to the dead meat trade were subsidized.—
List year the Australians and New Zealanders shipped 72,000,000 lbs. of frozen meat. During the same period Canada only exported 10,000,000 pounds to the motherland. The contribution of the United States was 408,000,000 pounds, in the face of such evidence one can only conclude that the Canadian Minister of Agriculture ii asleep. Australasia, with the disadvantages of nn ocean voyage of thousands of miles end droughts which render her pastures worthless, has out stripped Canada seven times. The United States, operating under conditions similar to those prevailing here, cutsell us forty tunes. And the worst feature of the situation is that the Ottawa authorities are ignorant as to cim mon places of the meat trade
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
'
and can pay the We have a large stocic of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Places Eight.
f
Increased Prize List and Special Premiums for new Competitions ‘ and Classes.
JAMES WILSON.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
McCORMiCK BINDERS.
A MONSTER DISPLAY of the Choicest Works of Art to bo
had In Ontario.
J. G8-3E8,ÆC^.na:.
<
The McCormick Ifight-Hand Binder
d„ 1 ft. I.ir.	I	BEST IN THE WOULD-
Magnificent Program of Stage Special- T . .	.
Sssllis 18 Ï?® machme by which the performances of all
i!?pÆ5aAtfrom'Hunt' ^hers are compared. Cheapest machine to buy.
1^:,%	Easiest machine in the Geld.
y or, the Bicycle wonder of t lie century, in	_
marvellous and thrilling feats.
The McCormick Binder
returns to its buyer a greater value than any other harvester that ever entered the harvest field.
,
Trotting aqd Running

i
y HE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
1 pRESH ARRIVALS ;
IN
XV.Hi ut ell i
¦¦¦¦ . . ® NNMMMwe
•upp'y iba British laies with ten times the amoutV of dead meat shipped from our shores, and provide our ranchers with an almost unlimited outlet for thiir produce. It might be a profitable experiment for Canada to borrow Australia's Minister of Agriculture.
FACTORY
¦¦
i

- • wr , -i


w liter
mm




¦

/
!
IP
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
THE BURNING OF MOSCOW
AT THE
iwr
is the Military Spectacular to l*o put u.. at the evening entertainments ; this to I* followed by the grandest display of Fire work# ever given in Canada. South Af riean heroee will take part in the Spectacular. which will be unusually impressive
on
'J
¦A
("]jash Store,

House Must Meet Before
Election.
an
/T»
/ <
Toronto, July Si.-Tin opinion of Mr, “ml thriUin# •ioldwin Smith upon the present legiela I “iVe crisis is interesting. He says "Two things in reference viociâi crisis
r-\ !
STARK’S
CORNERS.
w SPECIAL HATES on all railways and steamboats for both exhibitors and visitors.
' V
BEING FI LLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO • DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WOK KM EN, T H E PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
C. A HOWARD - AGENT - SHAWVILLE.
to our pro
in	appears certain. The first I Por Prize lists, entry forms and all in
•s tn.it the government cannot be carried j formation, write the Secretary.
SSaS&rtSSsI '•
appeal to the constituencies without a meeting of the legislature is out of the nuee'ion. Suppose the toss again come# down neither heads or tails, as it very iikely might, are we to toss a third time.
“d.*o on lowing till »	niajor.
"4 *»	1 f. laide, who i. to deter-
UMÜ# w * Aidr a majority of two, three or tour is sufficient ? The obvious and better course surely is that there should, aa soon as possible, be a meeting of the legislature, at which a decisive vote would be taken. Then afresh appeal to the constituencies, if found necessary, would be in order.”
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
McCormick Twine and Repairs on hand.
Public Notice
Deer and Moose.
NOTICE.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Moulding#, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.

All correnpondence strictly private and	orthern and Western
confident'll.. Address,	^ciflc/utuonR^a'


SILAS YOUNG.
Here it is 1
The Place
OHAWVILLE’S
U NEW
Bernier and His Plans
Tenders Wanted.
N. McCUAIG, Provincial Game Warden.
HOW HR PROPOSES TO REACH TAR
NORTH POLE.
Tenders will be received up till Saturday
at the office of	sne deer shall allow such dog to run at
ii. ija* j,	large, hunt or course in any place inhab-
ited by deer, l>etween the first day of November of one year and the twentieth of October of the following year, under penalty of a tine of at least $5.00 and not exceeding $25.00.
Any one may, without incurring any H responsibility, kill any such dog found London, July 20.—A bye-election in running at large, hunting or coursing in the North Division of Letdt to till the such locality bet.ween the above mentioned
vacancy in the House of Commons, cam da 1 IvL VI1’ C* v- s* C ed by the elevation of W. Lawless Jack son to the peerage, today resulted in the con verson of tho government majority there of 2,157, pilled in 1000 into a minority «*f 158, the Radical eandiiat-j Province of f)uel>cc receiving 7,330 votes against 6,781 cast for Municipality of Clarendon his Unionist opponent. The const:- Public notice is tuency had been Conservative since 1880.
SASH and DOOR
NOTICE.
Seattle, July 31.—Capt. Bernier, a Canadian explorer, who is to seek the North pole, will establish wireless telegraph communication between hie party and Dawson. Governor Rose, of the Yukon territory, who met Capt. Bernier, says :
“Bernier intends to sail for the north by way of the Behring sea. It is his opinion that he can catch a current by taking this course that will carry hie ship to within one hundred and fifty mile of the pole. The remaining stretch is to be covered by a trip over the solid ice.
“For this he has made special arrangements for supplying himself and his assistants with food both coming and going. They will take long metallic tubes, sharp 1 at one cud and hallow, and with an
FACTORY.
I, the undersigned, do hereby give notice that any person giving credit to any of my children in my name after this date I will not be responsible for it.
JAMES TONER,
Clarendon,
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
-
Sec.-Treasurer. Shaw ville Academy

Shaw ville August 5th, 1902.
July. 21st, 1908.
In connection with my former business I have just placed In position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture ef all kinds of
Pierpont Morgan Buys English
Home.
Serious Government Reverse
New Yotk, Aug. 2.—J. Pierpont Mor- , ¦	,	_ ,
gan hes just purchased from Georgina r 9UPlTfiIIGfh 111 Of the Counois of Dud'ey, her handsome L,aVCU UU5lim6l
house at No. 53 Grosvcnor street, cables	D X2	s
the World's Lmdon correspondent. The |	|1 OOTl M fif 3,110
house stands at the corner of Davies at.	*	lO
end is m< s‘. conveniently èituated. Lady	nnKln
Dudley had her house beautifully deco j	#16031 Tl
rated at a cost of nearly #200,000.	1 1
I,eaU7 doa.6 wwt
------	prices.
DALE BÏ0S.
Sash,
At
Doors,
Mouldings,
Public Notice.
Turnings, 860.
one
opening at the other end. In those tubes will be placed concentrated foods of a wide variety. The food poles will be placed in the ice perpendicularly, and will bear flags. Ever so far and within a reasonable range of viaion, one of these poles will be placed. In this manner the course of the trail from the ship will be followed easily and on arrival at each pole the party will food waiting.
“A wireless system is to be in operation H I I in Dawson to send back constantly news —Ottawa Citizen of tftie progress of the expedition, thus keeping the world informed of the for tunes or misfortunes of the party ”
hereby given, that the Valuation Roll of the Municipality of Clarendon, is now deposited in the office of the undersigned, at the disposal and for the information of nil interested parties. And further, the said Roll will be brought forward for	|	¦
homolgallon nt the general session of the Council, to lie held in the Town Hall. In the Village of Shaw ville, at 10 of the clock, in the morning of Tuesday, the 2nd day of September, one thousand nine hundred and two.
Given at Shaw ville, this 4th day of the month of Aw-h,. W*H
Sec. Treasurer
n
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first class work.
I
sent home, at No. Princes Gate, is merely on the fringe of the smart district.— His new house wi 1 enable him to display to perfection his great store of exquisite art treasures, the decorative possibilities of which are lost at Princes Gate, where they are heaped together, because there is not suftic ent room to show them off properly. Mr. Morgan’s purchase: recently are raid to have reached an enormous sum.
With a succession of fifty-inilliouu-for-export harvests Canada can survive a good deal of extravagance in government ex-l>enditure; but wouldn't it be better to practice a little of the economy so lauded by the Liberals when in opposition ?
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future la crease In business.
examination add

3

Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
Four American teachers were murder ed by Filipinos.
4/
V,


V


L
i
/

7


&

L

###PAGE###5###
*
X
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
ï
Important
Remnant Sale I
To give Starched clothes the finest possible finish with least amount of ironing use
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT BHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
P SUBSCRIPTION—^ 1.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Booms.
Bee Starch
A. SMILEY, Prop.
The Kind tfjat Gets all % Cream
t The Improved
U. S.
I Cream Separator
RECEIVED COLD N|EDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD

4
:o:
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cents per Hue for eao- subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for A ret Insertion and
0	cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial for longer
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-
1	Imbed free of charge. Obituary poetry three eenta per line.
On Friday, August 8th
StarcH
we will hold a
advertising by the month or periods Inserted at low rates, be given on application


Ten Hours’ Sale
Requires no boiling but only mixing with hot or cold wstor, The iron cannot stick to the linen when Bee Starch is used.
rDirC A set of three Patent Flat " * Ireoa nlckled, In exchange
A CLEARING-UP SALE AT.T. OVER THE DRY GOODS SECTION.
JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.

4
JOHN A. COWAN
Remnants in Dress Goods, Remnants in Flannelettes,
Remnants in Muslins, Remnants in Prints, Remnants in Silks.
Publisher
Bte Starch Co., Montreal.
Business Cards.
CEO. HYNES,
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
: ; N. Y., last summer. : :
MEDICAL.
DR. McNAUCHTON.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by James Cuthbertson, opposite the Exhibition grounds.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the
ALL SMALL LOTS ALL REMNANTS MUST |“ IT. S.”—the best machine made—at our warerooms.
. GO AT BIG SAVINGS.
UNDERTAKER,
east
At homeh-Monda^, Wednesday and Sat-1SHAWVTLLB, - • QUE.
A. SMILEY.
For 10 Hours Only I
Sale to be held day before Coronation !
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M., |Alarge- well'selectcd and varied 8tockof
Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornus awd Rwidemcs : J. H Armstrong's House,
8HAWVILLE.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith
We find ourselves with a larger number of Remnants than usual—
I also keep a complete stock of F une-rai Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
MAIN STREET
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
>
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of every week. Office at H. McC. Ritchie's residence.
BOURBEAÜ RAINVILLE, L. L, L
District and Country.
Having enjoyed a much larger business this Spring than ever in the history of the firm means more remnants, and to clear them out completely and quickly we offer all ends at prices regardless of cost—
Headquarters for
George Beach, a Toronto commercial traveller, was drowned at Muekoka.
W. L. Wood?, the much sought after check swindler, was arrested in Toronto.
Mr. John B. Rati**, of Brockvill*, a " I deaf mute, was ki.led ou the railway near Dose ron to.
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
•I
ADVOCATE .. BRYSON,
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
Wm. GAMBLE,
G.F.HODGINS.
North Biy Ins just had a local telephone sy.tern installed. Fifty phones are now in opera'ion.
It is expected that suheontrete for the coishuotion of the Temiacatning railroad will be let at an early da'e.
J. J. Behan, machine Agent, of Pembroke, ha 1 hie leg badly lacerated while unloading some machinery the other day.
ADVOCATE, Ac.,
TttWtT Building, No. 48 Sparks St., Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAWVILIÆ EVERY MONDAY.
Office
P. S.—Sale Friday, August 8th.
CEO. C. WRICHT,
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
X*» x) asiv for
Fifty-eight Russian harvesters were
k>i g f a f*riy l

Trust Building—¦¦ IL
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa
7	A.
t
\
»
I4.<v y7 n n / / /.V
/v wÿjwaiA
1 n the river Volga.
EU hi (l I) dins n, jun., nf Thamesville went to s'eep on the railway near Both well and was killed by a train.
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
J. F. GBONTAU
LADYSMITH.
V.-\

t

W. W. IRELAND,
Fishing Nets
f:
M
ts
T,.o*Toronto City Council passed the vote of #25 OGOto thy fund for the relief


Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, I of the families of tinmen killed or dis Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satis-1 abled while on duty.

INDIA PALE ALE
cV,

i «	•	•	3/11 Cl . e •	•
A boy named Poltex had his arm caught * ¦ QUE» IU the shafting of the Diamond Park
boni ng works near Arnpno% and it was badly broken.
There is a big demand for men to work in the lumbtr camps this coming season. The wages, we understand, are even high er than they were last year.
The barley and hops used are the finest that
It is a prime favori* 4.
___	12 MEDALS—14 DIPLOMAS.
For Agency, address 3 St. PetarStreet, QUEBEC.
SHAWVILLE
money can secure
Fishing Tackle
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY FOR THE
nu™a Sœ™08
i
Will Grace Go with Him
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON	¦¦
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday of every week.
The Australian team won the Kolapore Cup at Bisley.
o
QUE

of all kinds,
McDOTOALL & CT7ZNER,
Hardware Merchants, - - - Sussex St. Ottawa.
Charles McKinley, of Ayr, pleaded I _ _	_ ,.	. 4. I 61 And may grace go with him ”
guilty at Berlin to forging promissory	^ Uillon, mamger of the With these words a clergyman at a
notes and orders for a number of firms National bank, has nofcthtd the Hal city certain summer resort near Arnpnor for which he acted am agent, and was council of the acceptance of the °P^loin 9“ closed a prayer which had reference to
r«Sortît?
E's?\%ErV‘.nSH"Ll‘.Sf.i ih* c.nui.n ri., i.™ .i mi.,	«|THE NEW GROCERY
hand for sale: Office : Shawville, Que, won by a score or 1,J70.	with the local improvements and ruin lady whose Christian name was Grace. This
Joseph B. Renaud wsa on Saturday at them to completion.	j fact, of course had not escaped the notice
iû GlDoiallm,
of Nepean. The prisuier admitted his 10tU.w,,Citl“n 1°/ * ,1x1,1	off.red ended aa above elated every.
nearly frantic, I he ad. came out m the | countenance save two was wreathed in I (Corner Main and Plckanock Sts.)
.	.	, ,	..	-, morning. By the evening mail replies | which smiles have not yet subsided
V\ ork has been commenced by the	C.	began to come in and since then he has	_Arnprior Chronicle
P.P. at NortbBay to carry into effect the	been deluged with written aa well as per-	____ Having secured a new and fresh stock
'E3EÈS53 S&Ss&vS:	==•=;=
outlay I# about $200.000	the Citisao ia forging ahead and that	vaumim niai vanklhe	hill	am ila- would	do well to come and Inspect our
Three Ottawa aldermen have offered	to	)‘ «• »“« !>l the beet afvartieing medium. ™ 0,88 A “T	DUCjV,8r	*tock-
resign their seats to test public opinion in Ontario.	Vsnkîeek Hill Julv 20_The-* ia We ako havc on han<l ftI1 kin<i* of
Sap£ -one” $M;5b) which	Tu'chet^mTuem, gro^T.nd .“few mileS ‘haS'ov.Mh^»^’
ie obtained as a bonus to ai l in the con- y*t,re carry it in a crumpled wad — ed finding of o\ snd gas well*. The dis- A Call solicited, struction of * central union panaenger	^ clean bills laid full covery has been made on the farm of
8tsll0D‘	length in a morocco pocket book. Brok- Mr. D. Oontinure. He was boring for
The experimental farm in Ottawa ie era always fold their bills once, doubling water when his di ill was thrown out of infested by those pretty but odoriferous the money aa it were. The young busi- the ground by the force of gas. A match COlirt Shawville. I little animals, which can easily be scented ness man carries it in hie vest pocket, was applied to the gas and it burned very
across a concession. They steal eggs and while the sportsman carries it in his brilliantly for 3d hours and then went
__	are nothing loath to vary the diet with trousers pocket. Farmers and drover» out. Since that time a black oily and
Meets the 4th Wednes- a chicken or two when opportunity carry theirs in their inside pocket, very heavy-smelling liquid is being du-day of every month.1 presents.	whether it is fifteen or fifty tents. Edit m charged fiom the pipe. It burned when
usually carry theirs in other people's ignited. _
J. J. TURNER,
was
-AND-
n
l • #
MEAT SHOP.
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
guilt
w
-AND-
aai
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION RYS.
Summer Time Card.
O. N. AND W. RAILWAY.

A SELECT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SILVERWARE Ac. Ac.
ti
**»
m
a
+ Train No. 101 leaves Ottawa 5.05 P.M. + Train No. 102 arrives “
o Train No. 103 leaves “
o Train No. 104 arrives “
§ Train No. 105 leaves “
8 Train No. 100 arrive A ,e
-r -r Train No. 107 leaves “
-r-r Train No. 108 arrives “


8.25'A. M
7.03 A M.
6.00	P.M.
1.30	A M.
8.00	P.M.
9.30	A M. 0.45 P.M,
*
Rkpaibuio—
A SraciALITT
SHAÏÏILLE, J.
H. A. HODCINS.

No. 876.
c‘fie railway will not be the main resources of the combination. The chief shipping people inteiested in the subsidy proposals are the Elder Dempster snd Allsn lines and Sir Christopher Furness, and they have not reached a woiking agreement which oan be made the basis of definite
rsï; » SHF16,
service on the Atlantic.	+ > Sunday only.
“Sir Alfred Jones and Sir Christopher * Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays only.
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
+ Train No. 100 leaves Ottawa 5.15 P.M + Train No. 110 arrives "
*	Train No. Ill leaves "
*	Train No. 112 arrives M
4.

/ Court dues must be paid f promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F.B
ins, C. R.
0.23 A M. fl.ti A.M. 6.35 P.M.
A good story Is told at the expense of,	,	¦
three citizens of Hull who went to Mohr’s	>CKe *
Island for a couple of day's fish ng —	A somewhat remarkable operation was
They had gone up with a bountiful sup- performed a few days ago at the general ply of staple and luxurious articles if hospital, Water street, Ottawa, in acriti-diet, and upon their arrival stored their cal case in which the patient now gives precious stock of eatables in their tent, every evidence of recovery. A young ___	They went out on the river for a while woman named Orison, belonging to Lower
HAVING PARLOR, ! and on their return found a herd of pigs ] Town, had been troubled for a year
in full possession of the situation chosen with s severe affection cf one of the lungs
JOHN SMITH. Proprietor. f°r the camp. The hungry trio of fisher- ; and consumption of the organ had set in.
1	"	1 r	J men looked around for their delicacies. The girl was treated in several places but
bdt alas ! the on’y thing that the hogs had was sinking when taken to the hospital nft eaten was four onions. These and recently. There she was put under an these only were left, and in order to anaathetic, two ribs over the lung were secure something to satisfy their inward removed* The patient is not only re-crayings it was neceaiaty to go to the covering, but has gained five pounds in Quyon.	I flesh since the operation.
Mr. J. Cunningham, of Ottawa, has men on the ground and ie endeavoring to secure options on various farms in the vicinity of where the discovery was made. The farmers believe they have a good thing.

L.B.C.
J. A. Cowan, R.S.
R. W. Hoj
•if
HAWVILLE
s
Furness are so closely associated in business operations that a final agreement is expected by Canadian officials, and the success of the negotiations for a fast Atlantic service under British control is still predicted with an air of quiet confidence by the Canadian ministers, and a corresponding service on the Pacific, between Canada and Australia, is regarded as an inevitable s quel. "
Fast Atlantic Service Coming
or so
For ticket» or further information apply to station agent or GEO. DUNCAN,
Diet. Pa»». Agent,
-	42 Spark» St.,
Ottawa, Out,
BUT IN WHAT SHAPE «REM» DOUBTFUL.
New York, Aug. 2—The Tribune Lon don cable says: “An anti-Morgan ship y iog combination has not yet bee but consultations are still ia prog resh The best information obtainable is indefi Ite, and indicates that the Canadian Pa
The spot for—
H.B. SPENCER,
Cen. Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. R.)
OTTAWA, Ont,
n formed
A Fashionable Hair Cut Good Shampoo, or A Cuban Shave. '
Your Turn next
i

¦
!)

Aï )
> At '

A__
###PAGE###6###

*





SOME LUCKY MENTORS-

ARTELS OF PLAN! LIFE,
THE 8180 TALKS TO MIND
got her ear» soundly
milting colors as well as outlines, tinted greens being placed a crows the lantern. As progress is being mntie, the colors and designs are being combi nod as, for instance, in a red triangle, a blue square, a yellow circle, etc.
The receivers generally "visualize" the figures thus telegraphed. In the limit other words, they perceive vivid pio courses, lures of them in their minds’ eyes before pronouncing them. Others become more alert and mention them
PERSONAL POINTEES
at home and
boxed for her pains; but siie did not mind, for mho had convinced herself
ii
Notes of Interest About
Leading People.
The King dislikes a dinner to bo served slowly, for he is n quick eater. One hour and five minutes is
for a full numtx r of
S o me
HEN HAVE MADE FORTUNES XcL utL^V!ng'o, wSArn “« ^/oloNG^ll^ ^
BY THEIR INGENUITY. the ordinary uheimcul pi'oceM. Ap-	LirA
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY WITH DVT ELECTRICITY.
luiront ly, too, »ho quickly convinced other#, for she ho# just received $50,000 for her secret.
Everyone how heard of the Argand
burner. Argund was a i>oor 8wi##| A single leaf of on apple tree has The most	successful	inventors	workman before his discovery; three j	100,000	pores,	and	through	every
have almost	invariably	been, not	years afterwards ho was in receipt |	one	of	these	water	is	oensteinUy
theorists, but plain, practical work- of an income from royalties avemg-1 panning olf into the mirroumling at-ingmen. Here and there, it is true, ing $10,000 a year. Alexander P. one finds exceptions to this well-nigh Morrow was a mechanic employed by been universal rule; but they are few and a bicycle company when he devised o ra- far between.	the coaster brake which bears his
for cards, ligures or col- thcr difficult to accurately compute. Thus the linotype machine, which name. More than a quarter of a
The value of the King's china at	l,u:* ftlir U) revolutionize the art of	million of these brakes had been sold
, Buckingham Palace and Windsor is	Printing, was evolved by the busy	up to the end of last year, end O.e
of tiro telepathic	line	seems	some-	tn	oxnvfl £400 000	The Sev-ihlain 11,1,1 expert lingers	of n me-	royalties received by the inventor
times to make	a	di (Throne#	as	to	thc;rcs (|ossert service	in	the	green	oh aide named	M ergon thaler. Before	have made him a rich man.
powers of the experiment or#, but ns drawing-room at Windsor is valued	his invention was placed upon tho	A. Graham Bell, was originally a
yet there can be deduced no rule as ftt £tOO 000 ami the Rose du Ma ni I	market he was engaged in making	poor school teacher. He took tho
to why the "brain waves," ns Sir vnse8 in ’ the corridors at £50 000	telescopes and other scientific iiwtru-	first working model of his telephone
.	„	.	,	.	IU(11TOo« Crookes calls them, sulTer, ! At puckj h p ,	’ stx I	nientw at a weekly wage. Now ho* is	to John A. Logàn and offered him a
economy fn	their system	mili/id	jn s,oinp instances, a resistance from Sevres vases which would fetch in I	6 millionaire two or three times	half Interest for $3,500, saying it
Z',%=crçur	..... ................•. frvr 1 .................................. sts=
( himeitcai as- this entoiprise max XO FACTOR OF SUCCESS.	,	°OM \\	1,û"	i the ring dynamo, wo# a carpenter by Logan said, "1 dare say your ma-
Sir William in a rating agent to his senses.	places, or move than three appll-1 ft 01 ugynd inad^im fa
Jn experiments where sentences cants for each post*	WÊË
have been dispatched over distances' as great as 200 miles, not only the exact thought intended for transmission, but others incidentally occurring in the mind of the dispatcher have escaped to the receiver together with the intended message. .Sentences thus transmitted have been received audibly, as if spoken in the room of the receiver.
Adapt Themselves to Their Situ-ations.—Value of Water to
Plante.
Wonderful Experiments Made at Washington—Messages Sent
200 Miles.
Original Ideas That Have Brought Wealth to Clever Workmen.
Five acres of land round Charing Cross arc held by the Marquis of ¦MM*. These acre# were ob-
Members of the Society of Psychical W*search are experimenting at WTas'hlnvt*>n, D.C., with wireless telegraphy apparatus, giving results far more phenomenal than any obtained by Marconi and his imitators. These scientists are transmitting and calving messages over witle areas of territory, and the ; Percentage of error is claimed to be less than that encountered by the Italian inventor during his elementary trials.
They employ transmitting instruments wrought of metal and wood. They dispatch single letters, words or geometric designs. A great
Salisbury t ai tied by his ancest ors 250
ns soon as the thought has been transmitted. As greater and greater aptness is attained by some, common objects upon which the minds
yen rs
ago for grazing land at the modest rate of 10
moaphero. Air has an enormous appetite for water, and tho drier it is the more it takes up. This is easily proved by hanging out a wet doth, and seeing how soon it becomes dry.
Considering the way in which tho atmosphere is constantly forcing tho ivpplu tree and every oilier plant to give up its moisture, the marvel is that, after a very few day.; of hot sunshine, every . plant does not wither and dry ifl>. Yet even those growing in light soil, and exposed situations, manage ho withstand weeks of drought without losing their greenness. More marvellous still, acacias and cacti will grow and
nn acre for 500 years 'Nhut that lit tle bargain has
of tho tranmnitu iy fall are sub worth to the Cecils it would ' e i itutod
ro-
ot's
Hio distance between tig two ends
pre-
gat several millions of the money. I cautions accordingly. WAter to lie offered a Until interest. to nn ex- plants Is more valuable than gold is aininer in tho Patent Office for $100. to us human livings, and where tho It was refused. That tenth interest supply is scanty they have learnt to was worth $1,GOO,000 within sixteen hoard it as ontvfully as a miser docs years, and the man to whom it was his treasure. Planta cannot refuso offered is still examining patents at I to give up water altogether $2,1 )0 per Weekly.
tuer
Psychic Research recent interview prophesied that it would soon be found practicable to telegraph without wires by simply transferring thought from mind to mind, at the
mous.
For unnumbered centuries, long I ihe children Of Mr. Michael Dnvittj jn fnct, before the dawn of history, xuitv with either hand with equal j nien had done all tJieir writing la-facilily. Mr. Davitt, who early in boriously and slowly by hand, first life lost his right arm by its being with a stylus ami later with a pen. ‘•aught in the machinery of a mill j The idea of a wilting machine came in which he was working, readily j to c. Latham Sholes. a Wisconsin adopted, in the case of his own | mechanic, am! he worked at it children, the practice which he had til he produced a Remington type-heard prevails in the schools in J a- j writer, which, in all its essential pan, where tho scholars learn to . features, was the same as that now write with both the right and the in use. Wealth "beyond the dreams left hand.	| of avarice" was bis.
The steel umbrella rib was the In-
for
annum. — Pearson's | otherwise they could not grow. All
their food is taken up by their roots, dissolved in water. This sup rise» through their veins and feeds them. They make use of tho mineral matter, and then let tho water which contained it escape through their lung*?—
WILL OF THE THINKER
The transmitting instrument» used in these experiments consist of a Btereoptican lantern for projecting lights, an easel supporting a blackboard or screen, disks of pasteboard marked with the letters, words or designs to bo despatched, and
un-
BITS OF INFORMATION
A Few Items of Knowledge Which You Should Know.
Another class of experiments is made with a single receiver and a 11 plurality of transmitters, all of the
conical tube to be held at ti e eye latter arranging themselves about a The King is said to be insured for
vf tho transmitting agent.	table	and concentrating their minds	about $3,750,000, whilst the Prince ;	vent ion of a smart young workman.
The black screen is set	up	in	a	U|Hm	ROUlv objects placed in tho	of Woles	is content with $2,500,000. j	who elaborated the idea and	con-
<ftu'k room, and the disks, in turn, centre thereof.	1 The most heavily insured monarch strutted his models in his spare a wind
11 n one experiment of this nature a	was the	lato King Humbert, whose	time. He made $800,000 out	of it.	The	Greek	Church	employs	two
disks are about a foot In	diameter,	small	folding magnifying glass was	life was	valued by himself at $7,- j	L. C. Crowell was a printer’s	labor-	rings	in	the	marriage	ceremony,	one
are of white cardboard, and are im- produced, opened. The receiver sa id: 600,000, ro that the many insurance I er» in the intervals of his work gold and the other silver. presMjd with the letters or figures of •• Jt is black. It is round. Trans- companies amongst whom the risks ; he thought out the details of tho | The oldest Royal dynasty in the conspicuous size, printed in black. parent.” The glass was then held were divided were very hard hit by j Crowell folder, the contrivance world Is that of Japan, which goes The stercopticun projects a circle to the. light and the receiver said : his assassination. The German Em- ! which has made possible the present back unbroken for 2.600 years, of intense white light which exactly "it is bright.”	peror’s insurance runs into six fig-1 enormous editions of many-paperi The average reign of English mon-
fits the round outline of the disk In other experiments with a plural- urea.	|	periodicals and newspapers1. It nrchs has boon twenty-three years;
and brilliantly illuminates the lat- ity of transmitters bits of salt, sug- () f 1h f f ,, t$	j brought him nn immense fortune. of Russian only sixteen.
ter, which thus becomes the only nr. vinegar. etc , have been simul- oowi, jowels in'the world is nos-	THE BOOT LACE.	The best way to get a man Jutcr-
visihlo object in the darkened room,	tmieously holds in the mouths of the	svssv(, bv tho Sultan of Turkey their	A bootmaker named Rlakey, of	cste(l is t(> Pu> something interesting
It is claimed that the	Vaiue being estimated at £8 000 000	Bradford, England, realized $500,-	in t,u? advertisement,
convenient distance from the ilium-	taste of salt Has thus been made so	Every Sultan from the earliest times	000 out of an iron boot-protector	Bush for business and see if imsi-
iiKHl disk and holds to Ins eye	the	vivid in tho mind of the receiver j ,lftS nmflc u point of collecting jew-	The process of welding metals under	ncss Uuos llot reciprocate by pushing
oomcnl tube which shuts from	view	that he has craved for water. ! cls and selling none and thus	I water by means of an electric arc	its w«y i,lto your establishment —
x —11,1 -
«¦Jsr sa zssïaurüwrs: rtiar&rsftïua-ï
s-unrcly m order that the light	on	A little time ago a domcsUc sot-• doscription of Aladdin’s cave In tho	I dcepelr, he sold a part interest for
it will be reflected into the	tube	vaut gave notice that at the end of ««Arabian Nights ”	$100,000.
equally from all parts of the lighted the usual month she would leave her	b	Percy Everett, another working HHHlIHHiHHiiiHiHHPH
surface	place.	President Loubet is known to be mechanic, invented the automatic thnn thc whole of the British Isles
All of this paraphernalia, ns	has	"Aren’t you comfortable, Jane?” devotedly attached to his venerable	weighing machine. He is better off	has n population smaller than that
already been surmised, is but a	me-	asked thc mistress, sorry at the pro- mother, who, albeit her son is now	to-day by mine $375,000. Evcrv-	of London.
chnnicol aid	to	perfect	concentration	sped of losing one who had proved	| the.first citizen of France, continues	body is by this time familiar with	A11 thc new trains	on the Central
and is the	best	possible conductor	of	| herself to	be a perfect treasure.	us before her simple habits of n	the	outsddo appearance at all events	London Railway are	to be of	fire-
"Yes, ma’am. I’m very comfort- farmer’s wife. When the President	0f the cash register tills. Hugo	Proof construction, steel and nsbes-
able; but, please, I’m going to get visited tho venerable King of Den-	Cook, their inventor, was a worker	tos being largely used,
married,”	was the reply.	mark recently His Majesty, in speak-	for	wages not so many years back	The most expensive	railway to	tru-
As the	time drew near for	thc	i»fT after_dinner, felicitously said:	He	a royalty of two dollars	vel on is thc Congo,	where the	fare
• And you, President, have an aged	on cach machine sold, and enough	»s $100 for 250 miles. This works
mothm^verv dear to von. Allow	ftre disposed of in a year to give	out at about 33 cents a mile.
him an income of $25,000.	Ecuador has a record in volcanoes
Thc boot lace put half a million	~thrce active, five dormant, and
into the pocket of Harvey Konne,	twclvo extinct. Eleven of these
another weekly wage earner, and a Pcaks have never been climbed. i Australia is thc driest of all the fellow workman who put a metal	, lhe Iatest th*ng in hotel bills of	continents; yet it has plenty of trees
had |	tag on the end of it realized $150,-	fnrc 18 ^ated to be nn edible menu-	They	never grow	any more leaves
S; A?» n %	s	% ssas	u,s
chccsc	1 turning these leaves edgeways, so
that those water thieves, the L ' ray», cannot fall direct upon
THEIR BROAD SURFACES Australian acacias go a step fur-
Tlic 0nl.;„llr o, CkutU. „ «MliiS'Sll aS
SSSr S HF -=
An enormous block of granite was | ln spitc of nll thcsc varioll9 pro.
msmmmm
but-|:L"%T """"	""
air within a summer day over seven tons of water in the form of vapour. —Answers.
A man of seventy has eaten in his lifetime about 581 tons of food.
A chimney of 115 feet high will, without danger, sway ten inches in
THAT IS. TUTOR LEAVES
Hut their methods of holding on to sufficient water to keep them green and flourishing are many and ingenious. Go out and pick n loaf from any plant or Mhmb—a hawthorn leaf, for instance. You will notice that its upper side is nnuch smoother than the under.
Tho under side looks dull in comparison. This is because tho upper side is exposed to the direct rays of the sun. The glaze prevents tho hot rays sucking all the water out of the surface of the leaf. Some plants, indeed, refuse entirely to part with water through the upper side of the leaf. Luurustinus and lilac leaves have no pores at all on the shiny upper surface of the leaves.
Pine trees inhabit dry, sandy soils. These refuse to grow wide leaves, but confine themselves to producing thick, fleshy noodles, which have very few openings through which water can esoai>e. Cabbages need an enormous quantity of water; but unless the Supply was absolutely unlimited, their big leaves would give up so much to tho air that, without some means of checking this overliberality, they would wilt and die.
Cut a fresh cabbage leaf and examine it. It has a sort of dusty, mealy look. Put the leaf under a microscope, and you will see that
noodle»
produced the wax to protect itself from the water-stealing rays of the sun.
me attached to its centre. I he
The transmitting agent sits at a transmitters
tho
Army is more than three times ns great as that for thc Navy.
More cases of consumption appear among needle makers and file makers than any other class of workers.
Australia, twenty-six times larger
tho message from the black screen to the brain.
THE RECEIVER
comfortably sits or reclines in other dark room
an- girl's departure, she addressed hei llis eyes are band- mistress one morning:
Please, ma’am, have you got
bloom” is composed of tiny of wax. The onbbage has
aged to shut out from his vision any intruding light rays which may filtered through door or window! cracks.
Quietude is essential to the success of both agents. While the mind the transmitter must be focussed and concentrated with all possible force upon the visible portion of the mes->age to be sent, that of thc receiver must be equally passive, assuming
that vacuum which thc hypnotist demands prior to his iirst operations.
Both transmitter and receiver keep conscientious record of the message dispatched and obtained. Unless he cause distraction, a second person in the room with each may more readily do this. The disks must, of
course, he arranged without thc re- Some amusing errors arc made by
ccivcr’s knowledge of their content. translators. An Italian paper turn- The Right lion. Charles Owen After concentrating his gaze upon ed Kipling’s "Absent-Minded Beg- O’Conor, better known ns The the black and white image, then gar" into a "Distracted Mendi- O’Conor Don, would be the Legitim-1 brake, was a machinist. The idea closing his eyes, walking into a cant.” Another Italian editor, who ist claimant to the Irish throne brought him in $600,000. A certain lighted room and opening them, the translated a passage from an Eng- were there one. He claims to be I Young working mechanic, who last transmitter sees in daylight the some lish paper about a man who had able to trace his lineage in unbrok- I Yenr patented a bicycle wrench, is figure» clearly defined in reverse—the killed It is wife with a poker, added on succession to the last of thc Irish getting at this present moment $50 black being intensely white ; the an ingenious footnote to say:	"We	Kings. His father was the first Ro- a week out of it; while another,
white of a kind of smoky whiteness, do not know with certainty whs- man Catholic member of the Coun- w^o devised a new and handy species By gaslight thc white appears bluish Hier this thing 'pokero/ be a domes- ty of Roscommon since thc Refer- °* skirt-grip for ladies’ dresses, is in approaching purple, and the black a tic or surgical instrument.” Thc motion, and lie himself succeeded to th° enjoyment of a steady income of luminous yellow. These arc thc after desperate expedient of the French thc same sent in his twenty-second $3,000 a year
images of thc disk.	translator of Cooper’s "Spy,” who year, holding it continuously for a W. L. Dundy was a watchmaker
The receiver, on the other hand, had to explain how a horse could couple of decades, until the Parnell when he invented the workmen’s time while allowing his mind to remain be hitched "to a locust,” is worth movement drove him out of public recorded, which is now in swch gen-pasfrive, begins to sec wavy clouds! recalling. He had never heard of life. He is nn Irish Privy Coun- eral use nil over tho world. After followed by n pale, bluish light, locust trees, and rendered thc world cillor, and he held a seat on the idea had once occurred to him, very bright in the center. As he be- by "sauterelle,” or grasshopper. Royal Commission that inquired in- ^ took him only a few days to comes more and more skilful the Feeling that this needed some ex- to the financial relations between elaborate it and construct his first figures transmitted gradually appear planation, he appended a footnote Great Britain and Ireland.	working model. Within three months
in larger luminous forms, lasting explaining that grasshoppers grew	j p % O'Brien M P i ^P^al to the amount of nearly $3,-
cach a moment, hut reappearing per- to a gigantic size in the United , Q V * ' v	-	750,000 had been raised to exploit
adapted to any drawing room, may vcnience of visitors, who hitched ,	,	Vi„. n	dinary day laborer in a chemical fac-
mmmmÉrnm
flip
zrssi = tr&sr&z R
&###
In some experiment.» it is preferred Professor (lecturing)—"In conclu- eaten his chop he would resume his to eilmin&ci? the court cards, using 8ion % would instance mental aber- journey, and at night would knock onlv Him numbered denominations ration, a mania to which the learn- at tie door of the nearest farm Both receiver and iranien it ter fre- 0fi nro frequently subject, and occa- house, where he would he welcomed fluently imagine that they we the |fij0nally make themselves ridiculous to the family supper table and ofTer-form# of cards undergoing change- without knowing it.” (After saying ed a bed for the night. In this way while e#To*r* are being mode to pic- which the professor took, instead of Mr. Sieyn traveled through thc Free tvre them flrmlv m their mind» his hat, the lamp shade off the brn<> State from end to end, administcr-The disk vid stereopticon »PPar»t- ket, pat it on his head, and walked ing justice and making friendships
ally employed in Iran»-Joui).	every place he visited,
me to propose o toast and greeting ¦¦¦¦¦¦ Pho President was
be, girl yet?
in lier honor
said her mis- gratified and touched
No, Jane, not yet
tress. "Hut why do you ask?” "Because, ma’am, if you haven’t of I should like to stay, if you don't mind,” explained the girl.
“But, Jane,” exclaimed the mistress, not a little surprised, "1 thought you were to marry the sweep
“Yes. ma’am, 1 did think about it," said Jane: "but when 1 sow him for the first time after his face was washed I felt 1 couldn’t love him any longer.”
Sir Charles Dilke is an excellent exponent of the foils. In his younger days, though even then he passed his fiftieth year, he defeated j 000 by tho improvement, several of the most, celebrated fen- | Mr. J. K. Starley, the inventor of cerf of Paris, who expressed them- ! the safety bicycle, who died the selves astounded .at the lightning other day, and who began life rapidity with which lie could change ordinary laborer, left $235,835. A the foil from hand to hand. For working brick-maker named Klootz the last thirty years thc baronet has started the new artificial stone in-devoted an hour a day to this riustry of Germany, which has wit libra nch of sport. He is also & in the last eighteen months made splendid oarsmen and a fearless rid- such vast strides forward that the cr. Strangely enough, he has rath- lucky originator of the idea is in cr a contempt for cricket, foot- ceipt of nn income of $10,000 a ball, and tennis.	month.
From China $460,000 worth of human hair is exported annually comes mostly from tho heads of malefactors, paupers, and dead peo-
ns an
sun-
i
pie
+—
re-
TJl ANSI, ATION ERRORS
A BICYCLE WRENCH
Westinghouse, who invented the
nii-
acre
No advertisement is justified which does not offer some feature by which the people could be induced to buy or prevailed on to consider the things offered.
Before a fire brigade can start for
a fire in Berlin the members must V°W very. few Peoplc caa properly all fall in line in military fashion iudg0 tIle distance from one point to and salute their captain. This pro- nnot-her, even the length of a street!
feeding wastes at least three min- *nd tho Kame remark applies, per-utes.	haps in a less degree to thc sense of
Both eyes of a wolf in a menng- dl1cction. io illustrate What is crie ftt Lyons have been operated on ^ meant, suppose a man , blind-for cataract. After the operation fo,dcd and talking the length of a the animal’s eyelids wore sown to- strcet he knows W(d|: *e will get her to prevent it opening them sume thftt hc ffditles himself by keep" i for several days.	i»ff a stick against the curb. In nil
n| Three-tenths of the earnings of a Probability, he will fancy that lie is
Belgian convict are given to him on ftt thc end whon hc ,s only half-way.
This proves that he has no real
idea of tho distance he has hitherto 1 known when he was at the end of the street only because he could see that he was! This explains why people lose their way in the darkness or—more	especially—in u fog.
They always depend solely on their sense of vision that, they are at a loss judge neither distance nor direction with any approach to accuracy. On whole. this sense—or "hump,” or whatever you choose to call ills worth cultivating.
haps several time»
now
CULTIVATE THIS FACULTY
A SIMPLER EXPERIMENT
an or-
tho
ns-
was a working tanner, who used his eyes and his brains». As a result he invented new process of tanning, which
duced the process of making leather i from a year or two to one of a few 10 0XP,rftt ,on of his term of impri-weeks, thus revolutionizing the busi- sonmpnt- some of them thus save ness. This is the reason why you 1,101 c 11101,0Y in Kaf>1 than they have
can buy a pair of boots to-day for CV£V SflVfd ,before: . two dollars, which would have cost	retention of heat in lava is al-
you at least twice that sum	mofi„t ‘«cnsd.bte.
A YEAR OR TWO AGO.	that
re-
LftVft is so bad a
it. is possible to walk on the surface of a lava flow when it has cooled and yet see red heat In thc fissures below.
All advertising
It is also the reason why Schulte is a wealthy man, with a town and country house, servants galore, hunters, and a yacht. When he began his experiments», hs was, it is said, so poor, that he had to pare his solutions in empty Jamjars.
and, deprived of
I*hey can
and no business would soon make tho mcrchantmmm would soon make a merchant tired of the publicity idea and no advertising would suit in the decadence of the cstab-M ¦ |It takes advertising to make business and business to make advertising.
the
i
pro-
All business
soon re-
AnoUier young man who was a working mechanic a few years back, but who is irow a millionaire, Is Charles J. Van Depoelo, the inventor of the under-running trolley. A girl
worker in a German factory the Italy and Spain have fewer houses other day hit upon a new process? of In proportion to population than flax-netting. She made the initial any other countries. Argentina and expérimenta in b# mother*» oopppr 1 Uruguay have most.
WHOLESALE POISONING.
Numerous official icraonagrs in Teheran have recently fallen victims to poison. It is believed some secret society is at work. The drinking water has linen poisoned; but in most, instances the poison li/va been oonveyed in the sweets tbs.t every-
| one lukU so freely in Per si*-
lishment

1
ne 1# m


\






###PAGE###7###

<
<
?
:
HOKE OF BRITAIN'S KINGS
1 LABRADOR’S i w « “ I
at various harbors where they have loft mud huts and boats the previous year and where they
WILL FISH ALL SUMMER.
modern taste; and the deer have fore aniline dyes were discovered: gone. But the general plan of the We no longer wùete coal Ur, jbut (,ur Park is the same ns it hum been for ignorance of the value oZ olfcsr byo-BUCKINGHAM PALACE AND hundreds of years. The four long products is causing
HL—HHr£	" ——	EE'SJEEE'Ü
S HSiSsH ””	i|'E *£Hî33r2 EâfüsE1 ESrz
*i*l9h for their pussagp Besides the It- has occurred to the writer to gardens ofaM^lboL1igli!lt!Tous«l'd ex- as0a"t'onf<ofrtU?e buüt0tco% does1* gas
BfS|*8 IPS SmS ¦S'lHI i
«¦**$*
tie ship ns the only pace of refuge treatment however, soon restored Lleaning llgh and keeping the hut» was marsh and meadow land, and it'
fo any who become ill or maimed the circulation.	for the men, though some form parts | remained in its unreclaimed state,. .
in the hard calling.	T11K POOR PUGS	of the fishing smack crews.”	with little alteration for over four ? . iavo	I J I	III
.ïLwîrs rsa Li sssl = ^hrsarat, ™. Jffsr as s pfLiW"'* 4
St. John s, New foundland, to ^ape hours in distress, and her friends in teen women in one hold on a twenty- men—or their equivalents—built a I j‘nkaKotJ ( “-dging out _ *<
s|s=mmm =? mm ~ à
found in all its thousand miles until tippled girl was found «rent by al ™r e,nf'K	drunk in this country was brewed wrecks have been caused by this er-
ten years	ago,	when the	Royal	Nn-	d°K team to the hospital, where she	LATH IN Till, SEASON. | where Buckingham	Palace
tionùl	Mission	to Deep	Sea	Fisher-	was cured sufilclÇntly to enable her A suggestion of the hardships that stands.
men sent a little 97-ton sailing ves- to move around freely. A woman tj10 freighters must face is given in Sheffield, Duke of Buckingham,
eel, the Albert, there under Dr. Wil- was treated who was dying from thi3 description of what is the staple purchased the property in 1698, and [dors of recent years has been made | clerk came forward, and said fred Grenfell. And it was the most I cancer. She had never been seen by delicacy of tho menu along shore : built a new house in place of fortunate thing that ever happened |a doctor* or in(,cc(1' ,)V any one ox- “p0wdor dried cod line, rub it up old one in 1708, which he named to labrador. For the misery that copt Poor» ignorant persons Hko her- wilj1 fresh seal oil and add cran- Buckingham House. The situation
Dr. Grenfell encountered, tho hopeless sf*f* who had noî; tr,0<1 to d? nny“	berries if you have any." This deli-	was	excellent.	From	the	gates I of the	fact
' thing to relieve her agony. Jn one	cato dish is called "pipsey."	spread the Mall,	where the	world of rails	will	not carry sixty-ton loco-
day alone the surgeons opened five what plights the fishermen may London lived the greater part of the motives, badly poisoned wounds for not only f,nd themselves in is shown by the day and much of the night, and at ! miles of
implements used in fishing i ca80 0f one Ollivcr, who, with his the back there was country as far as I thirty-six poison the cuts they make, ,mt i wife and five children, had just man-, the eye could reach.	As the Duke, pound rails
Month after month the little Albert the <:°!d	"m.kes lt ll!most im" aged to exist through tho winter. | wrote
worked her wav through ice and Posslblc for tho fishermen to wneh i Qndlng himself utterly destitute when «now and gale, through hundreds of tllcir lnjurlps properly with warm I spring came. lie had no dogs left miles of uncharted and unllghted wa- water, as even firewood is scarce on to travel with and no ammunition to tors, over reefs pounded by mown- many hundreds of miles of shore and I hunt AU that ho possessed in the tain seas, seeking out whom she almost entirely wanting In the | world was an old jack plane and a might succor. When her sail was northern parts of the land.	trout net. He travelled for many
seen, men came in skin kayaks, in A year ago this July tho Strath- miles over snow and ice afoot till birch canoes, in all sorts of craft, cona had just completed a voyage of he reached the house of a Norwegian crazy or stanch, bearing their sick moro than 1,100 miles, during	settler. He begged him to let them
and wounded to the visitors. Too which she visited fifty-six harbors,	have food, but tho settler, a good-
often the visitors were too late to Among major operations, they had	hearted man, was entirely unable to
do more than ease tho dying mo- one amputation of tho foot, one j	give up any. The next settler, too
ments of some poor wretch. They amputation through the knee joint, said that he would have to starve found whole settlements that had ono of laparotomy and one of gas- himself if he shared wlmt little he been wiped out by diphtheria.	trotomy. What tho condition of had. This was not selfishness, but
In one place they saw the rude those patients would have been in g stern necessity. The poor father graves, scooped in the hard Lauren- previous years may ho imagined I went on twelve miles farther, faint tian rocks, of twenty-nine persons from 0,10 ease that Dr. Grenfell with hunger, but spurred on by the who had died without any attempt found *n a hut far from other human thought of the starving ones at at saving them. Wounds, no matter beings. As he entered the dark, foul home. Again he received the same how severe, were treated by squirt- little Place he Saw a man who, moan-1 reply. All were as destitute as he ing tobacco	juice	Into them and in8 piteously,	held up tho stumps of	was himself. He dragged his	way
binding	tightly	with	an	old	rag. But his arms. He	had shot them off be-	home again, sent his wife and	the	I But St. James's Park has	the
even tobacco and rags were wanting I l°w U10 elbows while hunting seals two older children away, and then most interesting history of any spot in many places, for the Albert found *wo w®eks before, and from that killed nil the rest with an axe, after in England:	Charles I. led through
settlements where the children were time ho hnd been lying on his back which he blew his own brains out the Mall to execution; Cromwell almost naked.	with nothing over the wounds except with the last charge left in tho gun. I asking the opinion of his friends as
They found one man whose little an oilv ra& that a fellow hunter had This is the misery that the little to his assuming the title of King; one had had both feet frozen. There ,aid ovcr them. The necessary opera- Strathcona is helping to relieve this Milton; Charles II. playing at "Pall was nothing in the whole settlement tion had to be performed, with few summer.	Mall" under the shade of the elms
before I instruments and hardly cnotigh chlo-	— A  and the limes, feeding his ducks	in
reform to do	more than ease the	LOST POWER RECOVERED.	the cnnal, followed by his favorites
.	and his dogs; Lady Castlemainc, La
The advance of mechanical science Bello Stewart, Nell Gwyn, the Buch-is aided by the recognition of leak- css of Cleveland, St. Bvrcmond, ages of power, before overlooked or | g r amnion t, Evelyn, Pepys, Dry den, neglected. Experiments with rail*! Queen Anne and tho Marlborough», I
/1 4 mn Unrn c? linn» n that a il PD.l T. I . i _ t  a	_l._ - » rv ... . «
«4/aVogdhco Millions of
?
i
Fisher Falk
! HOSPITAL SHIP

• !
In the Far North
lo-
in every colt un-growing
«1
past
mile
It is encourng-
will work up cotton seed hulls into
a perfect white paper, which will
It never seems, until quite lately, I never turn yellow like the pulp from
occurred to gold diggers | wood, nn<i which will cost but $25
a ton against $75 for wood pulp.—
THE LAND OF TIPS
har-
Experience of a Traveller iu
Switzerland.
the I barmaid, the waiter, the porter, the
the cook, the omnlbu*-
fiut I was your guest True; but if you will remember, I
with
f 9
three distinct
DIFFICULTY AND PERIL
had just paid ton cents apiece for the bows, when the coroner appeared.
"But where do you come in ?” "Had monsieur met with a fatal now | ror ho would be a bold mail who j fall on the mountain, I should have
held the inquest."
The coroner got a franc. Then his
would attempt to compute.
One of the most expensive tdiin-
the I on the Trans-Siberian Railway, and
appears to be due to the military j should have had the pleasure of engineers employed being ignorant | writing to monsieur’s relatives that,
that thirty-six pound j unfortunately, he was dead."
The traveller handed him a coin. The whole	seven	thousand I	and then,	to be done with
line has	been	laid with !	the business,	asked if there was any
instead	of seventy-two I	body else in	Chamouni who had a
end wooden bridges | claim, have been built. The result is that not more than twenty miles an hour | you is possible on a level with safety
And had there been an inquest, 1
suffering ho found, so cried out to him that he decided then and there to devote his life to bringing what alleviation he could to the inhabitants.
do the
The police have not arrested said the landlord.
"All right; hero's a tip for them. Any one else ?"
"My night-watchman did not let I On the Trans-Baikal end of the j the hotel take lire." line matters are still worse, for the I The traveller left a tip for the heavy engines used cannot be braked j faithful watchman, went down to his I to a lower speed than thirty-five, train, tipped all the railway officials, miles an hour on the steep gradi- and considered himself fortunate in cuts, a pace which is most unsafe ! having money enough left to got him under existing circumstances. It will, j out of the country, it is calcul d, cost thirty million dollars to rectify these errors.
It might be supposed that tho manager of an estate would know where the boundary lines of that property lay. Yet no less a person than our late gracious Queen Victoria was put to considerable expense by ignorance of this kind on tho part of a Commissioner of hers, lie erected a lodge on what he believed to bo the boundary line of the Balmoral property. When the building was finished, Colonel Gordon’s factor called and thanked him for Ills kindness. He pointed out that the lodge was built, not on Balmoral land, but on the Abergeldic property, and, therefore, belonged to Colonel Gordon.
When we evacuated the Soudan after the killing of Gordon and tho fall of Khartoum, enormous quantities of stores, which lay at Shendy, on the Nile, had to be destroyed for fear of their falling into the hands
suf-
9 9
It is my delight to be Both in town and countree
George III. bought Buckingham| AN ERROR COSTING $30,000.000
Palace in 1761. for £21,000, annexed several acres of St. James's Park to add to the grounds, and in 1775 settled the property on Queen Charlotte, when the palace became known as "the Queen’s House." It was here that the King—advised by Dr. Johnson—collected	the great
' | library which is now one of the chief treasures of the British Museum.
In 1825, Nash and Blore built the present barrack-like palace which tho late Queen was the first sovereign to inhabit, and to which Her Majesty removed from Kensington Palace within a month
AFTER IIER SUCCESSION.
THE KING IS KING INDEED
Coronation Not Required to Make Edward VII. the King.
Numbers of people enquire whether I the postponement of the coronation makes any difference in the King’s position. Of course, it does not. There is no real need of the coronation ceremony being performed. Royalty is so hedged in by constitutional precautions that the oath has become more or less an emphasizing of what is obvious.
The King is King. There is no break in the continuity of sovereignty. The moment Queen Victoria died King Edward became the reigning monarch of the Realm.
The impression that the crowning is an essential part, of the endowment af regality is quite erroneous.
When the King went to London after the death of Queen Victoria ho there and then took the oath of allegiance to his people. This oath was taken in the presence of tho Privy Councillors, and was foliow-
Hl	H Hi	I H	ed by the proclamation of the King
Bolingbrokc—who, statesman ties thought the best thing to do evvrv place in his dominions, of continuous disks instead of with though ho was, once figured in the with these was to throw them into qhe coronation u more of a pic' might spokes, which encounter greater at-jnudo in a drunken freak in tho	the Nile.	luresque historical ceremony	than a
mospheric resistance. Recent experi-, park—Queen Caroline and her Marys,	THREW	MONEY	OVERBOARD.	vital essential of kingship.	In okl-
ments with large fly-wheels have de-j the beautiful Mary Bel leaden, and	t	on times this pageant had	a very
Lepel, “youth's youngest	To Kitchener,	then	a	captain,	fell	distinct importance as proving to
the j daughter"; Elia Lelia Chudleigh, af-	Uns duty, and a	detail	under his	ap that a new monarch had ascended
wheel	to	the	air	resistance.	In	Nu- ; ter ward Duchess of Kingston,	who	command promptly	hurled	the big	throne. This	was in days when
remberg it was noticed that a very ; walked in	the Mall with scarcely any	b.oxes into	the	deepest part of tho	news traveled	slowly	and without
a clothing	on; Horace Walpole; the	r‘v'cr* ^	was	n°t '*"til Uic whole	certaintv.
section, created	a	strong	two lovely Miss Gunnings—"those *|)ing was over, and their dostruc-	The actual	oath is a "solemn prowheel was	cased	with	goddesses the Gunnings" — the beau-	G°n formally certified, that It was	m|so»» to do	three things:
sheet iron,	and	the	resulting	dirninu- | tiful Duchess of Devonshire,	Duch- 1 discovered that two	chests	of gold,	(; ) To govern	the people of the
css of Gordon; tho Duchess of	Rut-	*or the payment of	the troops, had	United Kingdom	of Great Britain
land; Gainsborough, Reynolds, Gold- K^t mixed with the ammunition, and a!)(j jreiand and their Dominions nc-smith, Johnson; the Countess de	shared its fate. In each chest was	cor(png to	the statutes	in Porlia-
Gcnlis; Lady Anna Wuldegrave, and	^0,000, so somebody s ignorance	mcnt (,gVOed	on, and tho	respective
Miss Keppel; Mme. Roland, and the was responsible for the loss of $100,- iaW8 and customs of the same. Princesse de Lamballo—two promin- 000 of the British taxpayers money. (jj \ To caUKC jftW and justice, in ent victims of the French Révolu- Even though wc now own the coun- me,Ty lo be executed, tion—and	Mrs. Fitzherbert. Hun-	try, it is	unlikely that the thick (m.) To the	utmost	of	his pow-
dreds of the most famous names in	Nl,° mU(*	Wl11	evcr 1,0 educed to	er tQ majntftin	the laws	of	God, the
British history arc identified with give up the treasure	truo profession of the Gospel, and
the four long avenues which stretch 11 1S believed that V ranee was protestant Reformed religion cs-from Buckingham Palace to Spring beaten by Germany in 18.0, purely tablislied bv the law Gardens, for it was in this park	through the inexcusable ignorance of
that the London world of those days	Marshal Bazaine. When that gen-
lived—the world from every qua:-	cru* WQS *&ut UP *n Met* with an
ter of the town, since easy-going	enormous army, the Prussians left
Charles II. opened the parks to the	the east si(lc of thc town nlmo8t unpublic	guarded. Had Bazaine known of
this, as ho should have done, he could have made a sortie any time between August 25th and September 2nd with 100,000 picked men, and joined the raw French levies at Spinal. Metz would have had food to hold out almost indefinitely, and the provincial troops, well backed, would not have yielded so easily as they did. Thc whole fate of France might have been changed, and the pation spared the loss of two provinces, and thc payment of

with which to help her, and long both feet began to gangrene
And when the Albert returned to St. I P°or fellow s worst pangs John’s she carried back the story of how the father had been forced at last, being in utter despair and
knowing that it was thc only hope,	.	.	.	.	.	L	. , ---- ---- ----- ....	.	.
of saving tho child from a death 0f I woman who had a tumor on hcr ,0K- road trams have shown that a great thc beautiful Duchesses of Ormonde of tho enemy, there not being
driving unnecessary projections
tho ends and sides of cars through hey Montagu,
tho resisting air. Something is gain- Steele, Swift, Richardson, St. John munition, and the military authori-
HE BORE IT MANFULLY
Despite fill, it was too lute, and he died that night. They found an old
They told her they could put her to sleep while they operated, but she would not have it. The next day
m <* 11
t0 | awaiting him. The woman had ask- ed by making ear-wheels in the form | Lord ed them to come and hold her, and all she asked was if she
She did, indeed, bawl, but
Bridge water. Lady Sunder- fleient means of transport for their at | land, Belle Bunch, Lady Mary Wort- removal. Among these stores were
Addison, Fielding, nearly a million rounds of rifle am-
torture, to take a hatchet and
and of
CUT OFF THE LITTLE ONE’S
FEET.
With such knowledge as this sustain him, Dr. Grenfell band of doctors and nurses—Drs. A
O. Bobardt and Eliot Curwen, Miss bawl.	—
Cecilia Williams and Miss Ada Car- withl11 a fcw "'mutes after the opera-wardine-fought their way through tion Was °'cr shc was la"Shing over the long seasons on the coast, and '*• and fen days she was well, thon, on their brief visits to civilize- From this time on until the winter tion, fought to arouse men to help a«al"	beginning with the
them in their efforts. Bit by bit September gales, the hospital ship they obtained assistance. First they w'** be kept on the go steadily, hho got a rowboat. Then somebody else	bave to face daily not only
helped them to buy a steam launch I danger from unknown waters and Finally another sailing vessel was treacherous seas, but thc ever-present
added to their tlnv fleet. But still me,,ac0 ot thc ice For, as thc fish-they knew that all this was but ln6 flrots begin to stream northward scratching at the outside of a moun- the lcebc,'Ks begin to drift south-tain of misery. And they fought on wa,d	ghostly columns. Many
until now they have the little, but times has tho Strathcona been in beautifully equipped steamship	Peril. Once she was so
Strathcona, .given' largely through locked in with lcc nnd floes that Hhe the efforts of Lord Strathcona, while was Invisible among the encompass-4two hospitals arc established on the ,n« blocks and piles of it. Masse» coast, and one is open in northern began to topple over on her decks. Newfoundland, where the conditions [Tons of it squeezed her keel of life arc almost as hard
The Strathcona is a steel steamer I similar dangers and
brave new ones unfalteringly these arc brave men indeed that go out on the deep for the Labrador Medical Mission. And brave men are they whom she goes out to help. Ground by poverty, the Newfoundland fishermen have no other means of finding even thc most miserable of livings than this of hunting the cod on the worst coast in the world.
As soon as the ice is blown from the coast by westerly winds they sail eagerly north in every variety of vessel. Dr. Grenfell,
Inge of To-day, nual voyage thus
’ They come in every variety of vessel, small and large, good, bad and indifferent, mostly of the schoon-type. Besides the crew, which varies from five to ten men with one or two women, most Newfoundland
and his
monstrated tho importance of care-1 Marv fully adjusting the shape of
heavy fly-wheel, having arms of channel ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ draft. The
tion of air resistance saved. nearly six horse-power in driving energy, the total power of the engines being 450 horse-power. In one instance a fly-wheel wasted 80 horse-power through unnecessary air resistance, the aggregate energy of the engines being 630 horse-power.
FLOGGED INTO SPELLING.
The master of an elementary school sent a circular to the parents of some of tho pupils under his charge stating that judicious corporal punishment often had a beneficial effect on backward boys, and asking if they would approve of such a course when he considered it necessary.
The following is one of the replies ho got:
"Dear sir,—i hav resoved ur flog-gin sirkler, and u hav my sankshun too wolup my sun Jhon ass much as u like, i no Jhon is a bad skoler, his spaleng is simpely atroshes. i hav tried to tech him mysilf, but he wil not lern nothing, so i hop u wil get it intow him as much ass u kan.
"F. S.—The resin Jhon is sich a bad skoler is bekas he is my , sun by my wife’s first husband.”
Sho escaped this and many other
went out to
For
These things tho King already docs without the binding power of oath or solemn promise.
Another question that has bee a raised is the necessity for appointing a regent.
It may be pointed out that unless the King is likely to be incapacitated from any of his State duties for a considerable period there is no necessity for a regent.
The Sovereign frequently leaves Great Britain for long periods. Queen Victoria’s sojourns on the Riviera may bo quoted as an instance; and had His Majesty bot been stricken with this illness it was his intention to take a holiday abroad immediately after the coronation ceremonies.
of eighty-four tons, so built that sho can haul her propeller up and proceed with sail alone. Her hospital is amidships, and it is fitted with electric light and an X-ray outfit. It !¦ used almost constantly. In her first year more than one thousand persons sought help from her. And each hospital since then has treated more than that number each year, making a total of more than three thousand, who, in the old days, had no recourse except to lie in their rude surroundings and go through torment until they died.
Still the service can only reach a percentage of those who need it.
For through the winter months the Strathcona cannot force her way through the ice that girdles the coasts as with an Iron ring. Then the doctors must sally out in dog
•ledges to pay their sick calls, and I vessels bring a number of people
ndred miles to called freighters. These are landed proportion Is one to every 100,
AT THE RESTORATION
It was in St. James's Park that high and low walked, flirted, dined, and danced, but seldom fought, for it was a criminal offence to strike a blow in the Royal Park.
And the park is little changed since those brilliant days. Rosamond's Pond has boon filled in; tho menagerie and the cages in Birdcage walk have disappeared; Duck Island, over which St. Evremond wa.< . unpointed guardian by Charles II., has been obliterated; the statue of tho gladiator which stood by the parade France has one soldier to every 59 I at the cast end of the canal, has inhabitants; Germany one to 89; been removed to Windsor Castle; the Russia one to 184; while Britain’s | canal has been turned into an ornamental water, according to more
in his "Vik-" describes this
an-
A RECORD INDEMNITY
No one could possibly estimate how many million tons of that iU-smelling, but most, valuable substance, coal tar, were poured away and lost during the half century be-
The hottest day ever known in Europe was Wednesday, July ltilU,
1788,	. . .	•	¦	' ;
often
nr

i

1
4.
###PAGE###8###


{-
IHRV. ¦¦
t
r
$2,500
worth of
E. HODGINS & SON’S AOVT.
BOOTS
HOLD UP
To be Sacrificed.
Midsummer
Bargains !
ft minute and read this, If your clothe**
are beginning to approach a condition ot
innocuous desuetude, which will make
We want
t
The Largest Genuine Sale of Footwear
ever Ijeld in Shawville !
This Sale must be Short, Sharp and Decisive
jy Only ten days can be allowed as the Fall Stock is coming forward.
M. STEWART
Main Street, Shawville.
The Barondale Veterinary Njedicines.
it necessary to discard them your patronage -not for one time only, but permanently. If we can get the former we are certain to secure the hit-
Why f OuY stock is so large we will have the kind you ^ ant. By selling ho many Suits it enables us to sell so cheap. Our tit and workmanship are all light.
ter
A few pairs Ladies’ Fine Dongola Shoes ; were good value at
$1.00.
Now only 50 cents.
A. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.

Nice line of Ginghams, Flannelettes and Prints at 5c. per yd.
Hight About Face !
Dress Ducks, regular 13 and 14 cent line, now only 10c. per yd.
Take Right Step to
T. W. WILSON & CO'S
IV
Mid-Summer Sale !
See our assorted lot of Gents’ Ties ; reg. 25c., now only 10c.
After Using
Before Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
Testimoni —About as bad a case of heaves as ever developed in i horse, developed
Wmirnm
For sale at—
O'Meara Bros', Bryson
T.&D. Rousseau's, Campbells Bay
J. E. Cahill’s, Calumet Island
We will begin now our Mid-summer Sale when
All lines of Summer Goods
We are going through our Boots and Shoes and are offering some Special Bargains. See our Bargain Stand.
will be offered at prices that should effect a speedy clearance.
Notwithstanding the big advance in Teas, still selling at old prices.
It will pay you to visit our store during our first sale. Expenses low, consequently low prices.
No antiquated or out-of-date goods in this Sale.
we are
J. F. Cronau’s, Ladysmith. Silas Young's, Starts Corners.
W. H. Lucas'. Caldwell
Wm. Moore’s, Otter Lake
Drug Store, Shawville
E. HODGINS & SON.
Receipts and Expenditure Account of the School Municipality of Shawville.
T. W. WILSON & GO
"J
- o
1901
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE.
P. S.-We Keep a full line of Fresh Groceries.
t:m 71
To cash on hand as per audit....................
“ received from K. Elliott tax account.........
“ Silas Young per Albert Homer for tax account “ Mrs. Rchaulson, $1.G3; Thomas Wilson, 65 48
22- 44 Mrs. Knox,$5.8
1
July
<i 75
V> 75
o
THE FAVORITE
7 11
12
II (SO
Alfred McGuire, 85.7o • ? • •
“ from 2 pupils (Quyon) attending Examinations
*• John Docket, 85.00 fees; A. Nicholson 70c......
44 Mrs. Howes, 81 4b; .Inn. A. Dale, 70; Mrs Shaw
827 50................
4	(;. F. Hudgins taxes, 8otU>2
81.50......................
44 Mis. Turriff, SHW; Elvm. Grant to June i>0, 87 70
“ Superior Education fur grant for 1001...........
1 00
Aug
5 70
«
I hereby certify that I have examined the books of the Sec.-T re as., Mr. H. Lang, and-submit the above statement of receipts and expenditure as
correct
Sep
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
t
20 GO
Mrs Dilworth, fees
Q. M. DONALDSON,
Chairman and Auditor
25
41 12
8 70
Oct. 1, Nov. 28,
1902.
Mar. 19, June 10,
Shawville, July 18, 1902
501 00
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
Teachers Wanted.
AT
Kitchener Honored
7 70
“ Elem. Grant up to June 1, 1902...................
4» ca8h received from 28 outside pupils attending written Examinations, 50c. each...........................
44 From Monthly Scholars up to J une 50th.............
“ collected on assessment to date........... .........
4 for Pen. Fund on salaries Prin. and Model Teachers
2 per cent........................................
tt Refund for Exam, paper returned unused.............
WAINMAIT’S.
14 00 502 58 513 14
Wanted two Protestant Teachers for the Municipality of Leslie, holding first or second class diplomas. Apply stating salary expected to
HIS OPINION OF SOUTH AFRICA
> -
London, July 51—Amid tremendous enthusiasm Laid Kitchener was tonight presented with a sword of honor, the gift of Cape Town. Mr. Jos. D.tnedale, lord mayor of London, made the presentation in the course of a Sjui h Afr can dinner,
nded by many notable per-When the enthusiasm had sufficiently subsided for Lord K tchener to make himself heard be modestly nturned thanks for the g ft, rnd txpressed the confident hope that in South Africa at any rate, the sword could not again be drawn fiom its scabbard. Lord Kitchener eulogized Lord Milner, British high com-missoner in South Africa, and made an appeal, based upon his intimate and personal friendship with an knowledge of the South African administrator, that he be given the confidence and support of the British nation.
Referring to the mineral and agricultural wealth of the new territory Lord Kitchener said:—You may assure yourselves that you have nothing less than the makings of a new America in the southern hemisphere.
He sail the quiS'.ion who would supply tie energy, brains and money to carry o t this great development was one m«*re for his hearers than for himself, but when, as in South Afr oa, patiiolis.n was joined with self interest, he was not afraid they would fail to sow the seed and nap the hat vest for which he hoped that those who had recently been in South Africa had prepared.
0,
H. H. SEAMAN, Otter Lake, Que
15 00
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
GO
0,
Teacher Wanted.
$1042 OG
which was att
A qualified Protestant Teacher for Aid-field, School No. 1. Duties to commence Sept. 1st, to Dec. 23rd. and from 1st April to June 23rd, 1903. Salary stated on application
sons
1901.
July 15, By Cash for 12 school registers..........
17,	“	paid Arthur Wilson, caretaker
auc (V	44	paid for advertising for teachers and to Geo Cater
’	paid James Knox $13.50; cartage 45c; Express
charges 25c.....................................
for repairs, $0.10; Arthur Wilson on caretaker, $4.52....................................
for broom and school bell, $1.30; crayons and cartage 25c............................ .........
J. Graham for cupboard bell, $3.25; Richardson
repairing pump, $2.25...........................
Broom, two Bibles and Crayons...................
Crawford on caretaking, $10,00; test paper and
Map of Palestine, $5.10......................
Advertising for teacher and postage and registration..................................
Disinfectants, 70c; 21 Crayons, 30c; paid Dale
Bros, on stove, $7.05..........................
Allowed Jno. M. Hudgins overcharge 1 scholar..
$2 05 10 48
4 02
FRED C. SCHOEN,
Sec.-Tiras
44
14 20
Ladysmith July, 14th. 1902
it
\ full line of Stove Furnishings,
For School District No. 2, Waltham ; a |	Afi[cit6WcirBe TinW3PB- EtCe
Protestant Teacher holding a first or	10	*
e. wainman, shawville.
for terms of 10 months.
Apply to EDWARD TAYLOR chairman,
Waltham Station, Que., or JAMES COGHLAN, Sec.-Treas. Chapeau, Que Waltham July 18th, 1902.
10 03
Teacher Wanted
Sep
1 55
Oct. 1
5 50
95
18
15 10
P. S — Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
1 07
Nov. 19,
Dec. 3,
1902.
8 05
1 40
Farm
Laborers
Excursions
20,000
FARM
LABORERS
WANTED
Your Watch is Spoiled
Jas. Crawford $10,00; Drysdale for Moral Charts
$8.20........................................
Express charges, 43c; G. F. Hudgins hill, 1.79.. Ad. Hodgins’ bill, $5; Mar. 3, J. Crawford, $10. Cole Haye», for wood, $61.88; placing wood in
shed, $3 75..................;••••............
Crayons and Broom, 40; do 15c; Insurance of
shed, $1,60..................................
Jas. Crawford, $10; cleaning, yard, 30c; Crayons
30 cents...........................
Jas. Hope & Son, Exam, paper and test paper
Padlock, 25c; Bioom, 25; Lyman & Co , $15.09
Exam, paper, 97c...................
Telegraphing, 53c; blank books, Exwesa charges
and Exam, paper. $5.00.......................
Waddell	¦MBB
8,
Jan
18 20 2 22 15 00
22,
Feb. 8, Mar. 12,
41
Second
In a great many instances by running too long
A great many people never
think of having their watch cleaned and oiled as long as it keeps going, and the result is that when it does stop it is badly worn and is never thp same timer afterwards. Any watch Jhat has run 18 months should be cleaned and oiled, as in that length of time the oil becomes black and useless and the pivots get rough and cut, and the watch soon destroys itself for want of proper care. T you such in your pocket ? If so, bring it in and
have it cleaned.
65 63
ci
Apl. 3, May 3,
without cleaning
2 15
will be run to Htations on C. P. R. in Manitoba and Assrniboia. West, South-West
and North-West of \\ tom-peg, as far as
S
10 60
1 10
Good progress in Resetting Farms
Pretoria, Aug. 1—Good progress ie being made in reselling the Boer farms. Already 9,000 families have been stored on their lands although the work of replacing the farmers has been accompanied by many difficulties, especially in securing and feeding horse i aud cattle. Much complaint was caused by the military authorities auctioning off live stock, which was bought up by speculators who resold at large profits at the expense of needy farmers. The di posai of army horses has been accompanied by epidemic of the glanders, which ia now raging in Cape Colony.
The trial has begun in Tunis of two Arab chieftians accused of the murder of Count de Mores in 1896. The Count, who once ran a ranch in Dakota, undertook to penetrate the Sudan with the object of defeating British enterprise and was kilted by the Tauregs.
44
f
44
17 16
MOOSEJAW
E8TEVAN AND
YORKTOWN
On AUGUST 25th from stations in Province of Quebec, Quebec City, Megaatic and west.
One way tickets to Winnipeg will be sold, with a certificate extending the trip before August 31st, without additional cost, to other points in Manitoba and Aasfnibola as above, if purchasers engage farm labourers at Winnipeg, provided such farm laborers will work not less than
44
June 10,

6 53
rein
7 00
asst. dep. Examiner....
Picture Frame, 65c; cartage of loaned furniture
for Exam., 4 irips, $1.00..................
Jno. A. Cowan, his bill up to June 30th, 1902..
cimen work, 35c; James
Rev. Mr
17,
1 65
15 00
Express charges on spe
Graham his bill, $3.65 Archdeacon Naylor, Dep. Examiner, $10; books
for Library, $12.24 Salary Sec.-Treas. age, Ac., $2.50...
Salaries of four Teachers one year Cash on hand to balance.........
Have
4 00
22 24

$60.00j incidental post
30,
/
62 50 1110 00 205 08
3U days at harvesting, and produce certificate to th \t effect, they will be returned to original starting point at $18.00. on or before November 30th, 1802.
For further particulars and tickets apply to nearest Railway Ticket Agent.
44
WHYTE, The Watchmaker,
30,
$1642 06
1902
July 1, To balance cash on hand
11 Arrears to collect, $387.58j
The soft coal miners of Illinois have forwarded a second contribution of $50,* 000 to aid the striking miners of Pennsylvania.
Opposite Pontiac House, Shawville.
$205 08 387 58

1,
$592 66
Votai assets
" ..
1





V
ï

i
