###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION
No. 48. 19 ru Y ear.
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MAY 22, 1902.
11.00 a Yea it
in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
FIRST-CLASS
enlarging, copying, j FARM FENCING |
Picture framing etc., u specialty
Hftii oau*
OTTAWA, CANADA
.	;	l2.0W.iX>
Imihon'hNjéw Studio.
Intending tr«reliera should write J. Iv. Tierney, A vnprior, Ont., Ocean and Railway tickets tu all parts of the world.
130 Cents per ROD.[NEXT AAfEEK !
OF CANADA.
Uepital raid uj
Rt Ft
1
Board of LKrtdort :
Charles Magee, Epq„ Preiide.it.
{1 sorcui Hay, esq., Vice-President.
DoV' tito. Bbvsoh, Jit. John Math**, ALii.Kn .win Ksq ,	Davih MacLah**, Et>w
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
1
RAMSAY’S PAINTS-the right Paint to paint right. See new picture ad. Inside page. For sale by O. F. Hedging, Shaw ville.
for-sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
DtSMi Mvbxhy, Esq.
Head Office, • Montreal.
OFORGEBURS D. y. FINNIB
0\ neral Manager, .. .. Manager,
Saw Photo STvmo.-Having moved In my new Studio (opposite If. Afathesoni) I am now prepared to execute orders for any etyle of picture desired. A call wV: convince you of the fact.
THE NEW CROERY
Beginning next Monday Morning, May 18th.

Branche*;
IN ONTAlilO
Keewsttn,
Kerortville,
MatthWii,
Ottawa. « •
SHAW VILLE BRANCH,
-AND-
Lanark,
Parry bound, Pembroke, Hit Portage, Winchester, Renfrew
Alexandria,
Arnprior,
Avonmor*,
Bracebridge,
Carleton 1
Cobdea Hawkeibury,
1 mison s Photo Stum
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts of the world.
MEAT SHOP.
SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE :
do
do Bank St do Rideau fit. Toronto, do Rottset St. Wlr.i'hfrfter Vankleek Hill, Smith* Kails
IN MANITOBA :
KNOW YOUR EYES ARE RIGHT
The degrees of sight range from perfect vision to the verge of bllnd-We will test eyes free. We recommend glasses only when absolutely beneficial.
THE DRUG STORE,
Sh&wvllle
Place,
(dorner Main and Plckanock Ste.)
SAVINGS BANK
ne
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Having FCH-ured a new and fresh stock of GROCERIES people can rely on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspect our
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours
flATTJRDAYi .
* Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC;
, Hull,
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago— Bauk of Montreal.
Agents in St. Paul—Merchants Nat. Bank:
Agents in Louden, Eng.—Parr’s bunk Ltd.
Lachete.
Montreal
10 A M TO 3 P.M
10 A M TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
Bl,,k
Mrs. Ford, an old resident of Litchfield, was found dead in her bed on Thursday morning last <>nly a few month* Ago the remains of her husband reached homo from Long Point Asylum, of which institution ho had been an inmate for I# years.
Court Shawville I.O.F. boast* of the addition of several members as the result of the visit here lust week, of Mr. W. J.
Ingram, Supreme Organizer of the Order,
which has grown to gigantic proportions Î	_ _ .	„ „ „ _
places it in the front rank of fraternal r c	FRANK R. ARMSTRONG,
memence institutions.	I -	Clarendon Front
BOOTS AND SHOES :
Wo also have on hand all kinds of Sfrckh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARI) and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
LOCAL NEWS.
We find our stock of Footwear to be large in
many lines, and in order to reduce it and clear out broken lines and odds and ends, we have decided to have a cheap sale of the entire stock—for 10 days only.
LOCAL NEWS.
good reliable man to' do k. None other need up-D. Campbell.
Maple Ridge.
Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, will be at Shawville on third Tuesday in each month, and Campbell’» Day the following day. Parties will oblige very much by calling early.
I Mr. John- Richardson, of Clarendon, has handed us a copy of the Pottednm(N.
Y.) Courier and Freeman, and contain- T nTvul, ¦ V™ m
TiMM-lÊ glSnSIS ÎSEKSS
EH* 3 PV ZI Sffï ¦STCJSS £ 5: WAÜ-rS
Bm# ### ###
funeral will be held from his Iste reei-	the rate of 40 unies »u hour, and the
To L ft.—The office and rooms former-	|,v a wifo and one son."	mtal,n whatJ	ltl,m ™usually fast	purposes, being an	increase in all cases,
ly occupied by Dr. McNaughton, in Mr*.	rate of apeed would have thereon. The	There is a «light decrease in numbers
H. H. Knox’s hou»e, Main Street, Shaw-	Liout Sentences —Following the pro-	result of this examination we are told	w hich is accounted	for mainly by this
ville. For particulars apply to A. 8. tract ed trial vf Jules Henri, before the was eminently satisfactory, and the C. P. being the time fora general revision of Smart, Shawville.	Court of King’s Dench last week (a R. officials expressed themselves as well membership lints before the meeting of
’ . w M ,	report of which will be found on the pleased with the condition in which they the General Conference iu September
Mine .îost W. Me v eigh, of the (. hfton j	this issue), two eases were	found the road. Mr. C W N'pencer, it	next.
House, Bryson, recently finished off the	rAther summarily disposed of on Friday	seems, had never before been over the
fourth storey of that well-known nos | ^nd Saturday. The first was that of the road, and was much surprised as well as Annual Conference which meets in Sher-telry, and thereby has added materially i	VB jj0na Holden charged with delighted with the appearance of the broke, May 30th ; these included recoin
to its accommodation features.	shooting with intent to kill. This charge country along the 10 ite.	mandations for the rearrangements and
11,	nf Arnnrinr WHS modified by the Grand Jury to one On the return trip the train pulled up more efficient working of circuits and
me to inform the oublie tl-AV ha of common assault, on which the petit St Shawville for a short time, during missions on both sides of the Ottawa, u 1 nat-m11 v in Attend umJ and will 1m jury brought in a verdict of guilty with a which the officials took a run through the and memorials to the Transfer and Dis
his numerous'’friends from recommendation to mercy. His Honor village under the escort of the station ciplinary Committee of the General Con-
«iïüÿrsszr* *" -- xffsSÆtt;
Lost.—On Sunday somewhere between months in jail). The other case was like appearance.
Town Line of Clarendon and Bristol and that of John Stewart, charged by his Touching the extension of the ruadwest-Bilierica School, a brown course cloth wife with grievous assault and at ward and the construction of the branch coat with cloth lining and a pair of gloves tempt to kill. This was also modified from Shawville to Pembroke, for which in pocket. Finder will much oblige by by the Grand Jury to a case of common Mr. Beemer procured a charter two years
returning to The Equity office.	assault, of which charge the pet it jury igo, Mr. Spencer said he was not in a I May 19.—Captain Cowley has greatly
.	,	, after short deliberation found him guilty I position to volunteer any important in- improved his property by the use of the
¦¦myetery m connection with the wifc^ reommendation to mercy. Stewart formation. ‘‘Don’t ask me about that * said | paint brush.
disappearance pf Mr. Arthur % Lindsay, | wag sentenced to eight days’ imprison- he, “ foi thirty days yot” hut sufficient ' Miss Florence Lang, of Shawville, w ho of the Boat-office department, who has men^e	' was gathered to form an impression that was visiting Miss Mabel Mayhew has
been missing for the past two months,	the branch would he constructed by way I returned home.
I desred up on Saturday morning by | Messrs. G. M Donaldson, Robert, of “Split Rock at or near Cobdon and | Mr Gordon Mayhew, of the C.PR. staff, the discovery of his body in Bronson s , Hobbs and R. W. Hodgins, returned on that the main line would continue to be Sand Point, Sunaayed In town.
p:z‘Wfrétez,a hTSL-s sm	iSSSE1'8-585'
decomposed condition, but identity wss	or rather portion of it which I One immediate result of the inspection, Mr Ed Lang and Miss Jackson spent
established by some papers louoa m the forme(j p^rt of the great clay belt situ- I however, will l>e the inauguration of a Sunday in town, the guest of Miss Mabel pockets of the clothing which the de- jn Ontario to which coloniza- decidedly improved service. This it is tn- Mayhew.
sa	ssr	szus.=rasrasz I
Mr Edward Murphy, one of the old-	aix- who villited that portion of the dis	I assunger'and exproee train will toko tho Uhr.de trees.
rtf PnrtflLfyfi d«i For* i «run	trict through, which the White River place of the present mixed train, which Mr WE Mayhew and Mr Armstrong spent
uffhoutthecounty, passed away on Set- for newknds led them * considerable ' creased facilities to the Unveiling public Warden are hollidaying at the home of ® v*nin® liiat At ih« AtrA nf vaavs tramp from civilization, where as yet no The express tram will leave Waltham at Mrs Auburn's father, Capt Cowley.
% dl to2sJ vsbof which * he I roads are constructed, and consequently 6.30 m the morning, and reach Ottawa Mr W D Armitage spent Thursday
ars tiStt-srt	s s srszse. -a sa i ags-c—
2 o'clock on Monday afternoon.	and of a character that can be easily arrives at Waltbam at 8	>• r. Spencer Thfc way in which the Union House and
cleared. The soil is clay with a coating stated that he would insist on having the | grounds have been improved shows no Funeral or Miss Lilly Smart.—Miss of two or three inches of muck, and is running time of this train strictly ad- lack of taste and ability in our worthy Smart, daughter of Mr. Wm. Smart,	level without stone. The timber is chiefly	hored to, as it was the intention of the	. PtoR^tor.
of Starke’s vomers, passed away at her	poplar and alder, with here and there	company to afford the people of the	House on Saturday. 8	BMj
home in Renfrew^on Thursday, 8th mat., clumps of spruce and tamarac. They I county the be»t possible accommodation. Mrs Mayhew and Miss Mayhew visited after a protracted illness. Service was	found large patches comparatively bare I If traffic increases to the extent of de-i Arnprior cm Saurday.
conducted on Friday at the home of the	of timber of* any kind, with a heavy	manding it, the triweekly mixed will , Mr it. A GraAt, clerk	in	VVr E Mayhcwa
deceased in Renfrew by Rev. 8. P. Ma- growth of wild grass thereon, which could after a time be replaced by a daily train. *tore.	* 6 811061 °f
honey, Baptist Minister. The principal, be harvested with little difficulty. The I The load bed and track also is to be im-1 x mirUifufSiawviiUte spends bis Icis-teachers, and pupils of Renfrew High party were much surprised with the ap- proved, and tho rolling stock increased hours among the Lilies of our town. School were present, and presented a	pearance of the country, and were nob	with up-to-date equipment.	I Evidently the Lily is his	favorite flower,
beautiful wreath. Miss Smart had won a	long in deciding to take up land, which	It is expected that a staff of engineers	j There was quite n Arc	near the company
reputation as a diligent and painstaking were selected in tho same neighborhood, will shortly be sent on to make surveys j	As ' wîe-in™Bl
student, and had endeared herself to These lands are divided into 160 acre lots, with the obiect of determining theloca-	t i!v< k it. before It reached the
teachers and scholars alike. The body was	which are sold at eighty dollars each, to tion of the branch line, and also	to im-	I cottage A
removed to Starke’s, and on Sunday	which title b procurable upon the per-1 prove the grades on the line.	Mr.	Mr Andrew McCredie, who	is	in	the
afternoon a service was held in the Bap-	formance of certain settlement duties, I Spencer in this oonnectionawted the line	j Northwest seeking better health	i*	re-
tist Church, the Rev ü. L. Rogers	which entail comparatively email oulay. I which b to form a part of the great	tr ans	g'rtH not eg well. His many
preaching a suitable sermon from the The chief difficult*, as already stated continental system will not in any event	hear^u that
words: “So teach us to number our days, b the absonee of roads, without which have grades heavier than 36 fan* to the Mfi|	geld, Jr., has returned from
That we get us an heart of wisdom.” the country is practically inaccessible for mile, from which it is reasonable to infer Ottawa, where she and family spent the (Pa, XO. 12, R. V.) A large number of the pargwee of settlement. The party that great change* indeed would bo nece»- winter with Mr Held, who ha# bee a work sympathetic friends accompanied the re- reached its objective point by rail way and sary to adapt tho present location of the ing at tho carpenter trade for the pas* lativee of the deceased to Shawville oera boat to Haileyhury and New Liegert, the 1 Pontiac railway to the purpose for which ; \x* Ti .?• ! * tbv vU'1' oy ’	1 9 8 ’	'' v
etery, where the body was committed to latter a village of considerable sise, which » route through the county b sought— n, neopie of our town are won ton ^ the grave.—Com.	I has sprung into existence within the last namely the shortening and improvement wLo “ Ktheiyne 1U; but if they want to
Renfrew papers please copy.	I three or four years.	| of tho main line.	| know they will have to aak	Sba.
Apprentice Wanted A smart hoy to learn the bakery business. Apply to
The Shawville Bakery
Fancy silks in blouse length», cheap, ut Mrs. D. McRae’s.
Boo»! E<;oh .'—Any quantity of good fresh eggs will be purchased at 8 to wart’s Boot and Shoe Store, Shawville.
Born.—On Thursday morning, 16th insb, to Mr. and Mis. C. H Weinman, Shawville, a kod.
Rev. Mr. Nesbitt has removed to Mr. E. McDowell’s new house, recently erected near the exhibition grounds.
Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Thompson, of Portage do Fort, have become residents of Shawville.
. Messrs. S. Moorhead and It. MeC. Ritchie have established an office at Bryson for t he sale mick machinery and Page wire fencing.
Mr. VV. G. Le Roy, Secretary Treasurer of the County Council, took a trip to Depot Harbor last week for the benefit of his health, which has been poorly of
WANTED—A general farmwor
! H. A. HODGINS.
FOR SALÉ
ply
Every line will be sold at special cut prices
From 15 to 30 per cent. Discount.
Mr. Charles W. Spencer supeiintendent f the Eisrern division of the C. P. R.
Methodist Diet net Meeting
This is a timely sale—don’t miss it—you want the goods NOW.
agency and of McCor-
There is no better stock than we offer you.
late
Notice.—8. A Mack ay, Notary Public, has resumed his notorial profession in the Village of Bryson, and intends visiting Shawville every Tuesday as here tofore.
tho district show $267”», raised for i*sionfi n<l; |582for euperanuations;
$26,202 for all

J. H. SHAW.
i
/
P. 8.—Ready to-Wear Clothing.
Resolutions were sent forward to the
( :
t
Dr McNaughton was , elected a mem her of the Annual Conference.
\
\
k
Bristol Notes
s
\
V
I
The

/
)
WS8
s
m
€F6
Sight Made^ Perfect.
H
k V
Perfect sight it determined by a scries of scientific tests.
We render faulty eyes perfect by scientific! ally fitted glasses.
)
(i
C>

r\
ta
&
BS?
fit
thro

are turning out

/:
te
I
I
J
\
t
at the Union
(Ç)
%
“THE DRUG if TORE**
A. H. BOX
Optician SHAWVILLE
P.Q.



• %




I
Ça.






###PAGE###2###
KING APPROVES THE FLAB
KILLED BY CANNIBALS.
WALKED FOB DEAB LIFE.
"OTtS A HD COMMENTS.	Qp JJJ
has committed It# msnageinont to Belgian experts.
Some of the French papers aro urging France to call another conference with delegates from all the European Powers in order to obtain their cooperation for international control of the Persian gulf In a sanitary point of vlow.
At the same time France is not happy over the health conditions now prevailing In her colonies reports show that for several years epidemic and contagious diseases have tended to increase in nearly all the colonies of France. Dr, Kermor-gant, general inspector of the sanitary service In all the colonies, reports
,	,	...... L .that in 1000 cholera caused thous-
tlons of Italy to Franco since the | so nearly ns scientific observât ions | Rn(te of doaths in t|lc French Aslan
can make if
Fate ot the Latest French Expier- Alaska Prospector's Tramp to ers in New Guinea.	Keep From Sleeping.
According to a telegram from VI-taim the Austro-Hungarian Foreign
assented to a continuance
THE FORM OF THE SO ROTATION SERVICE.
.lit Ha# Been Finally Decided Upon.—It Ha# Twenty Six
Section#.
TRUE STATEMENT OF WHAT IT
IS LIKE.
One of the most thrilling expe-
On February 23 last Dr. Henry
Rouyer, leader of the exploring party I Hence# which has over befallen wnt to Melanesia by one of the hardy prospector in the frozen wilds Paris newspapers» returned to Mar- of Alaska and the British Yukon be sell lee with the melancholy story of Ml Uus Thompson on an exploring
the fate of his expedition, wrecked expedition from which he returned to The form of the coronation by hostile natives in New Guinea. Dawson only three weeks ago. Food- vices, as Anally amended amd Ills party, after making investigo- less and sleepless.. Thompson was proved by the King, ha# been lions along tho northeast coast of compelled to keep walking for three noun cod, says a London letter the great island, went to the south days and three nights in order to consists of twenty-six distinct seo-'oast where the Papuans gave them save himself from freezing to death. Won# The King and Queen will ena seemingly friendly welcome, though This is his story :	ter the great west door of Weslmin-
the event proved that they were "It is harder to do without sleep stor Abbey, to which a large cano-merely lulling suspicion in order In a cold country like this than any- pied approach is already being more easily to massacre the visitors, where I over lived. Dave Jordan, erected. They will be met by the These cannibals live on the frontier Selby Jordon and I have been pros- shouts of the King's scholars of The disease has also between the Dutch and British poo- pectlng on one of tho side streams Westminster School and by the un-prevalled to some extent in New sessions.	100 miles up White River, which wo them, ‘T was glad when they said
Caledonia, Reunion, and Madagascar, The explorers having penetrated a reach by a circuitous route, starting unto me wo will go to the house of A somewhat broken eerie# of obser-1 a large proportion of the cases re- pttle way inland were treacherously from West Dawson. Three weeks ago the Lord."
Triple Alliance was first concluded rations at Dawson and various other suiting fatally.	attacked on Jan. 1 last, by the just before the break in tho winter Instead of going direct to their
In 1882 were these: Count Andrassy, places in the Yukon Territory be- Leprosy exists in all the colonies, hitherto friendly natives, who killed weather. I and Selby came to town thrones the royal pair will kneel in
tween 18U5 and 1898 and a continu-1 There are hundreds of cases among twenty-five men, four of whom were for grub, and Selby was taken sick, private prayer on footstools in ous series at Dawson during the past j the natives of New Caledonia, where whites ; • thirty-throe other# were I was unable to secure anyone to re* front of their chairs. Then the Arch-three years, afford data for estimât- many Europeans are also liecoining wounded, including Dr. Rouyer. His turn with me. hut as wo had got bishop of Canterbury, the most Rev. •ought the acquiescence of Germany ing with a fair degree of accuracy infected. In January 1890 six Fur- white comrades who were killed were the trail fairly wol, broken, I did Frederick Temple ; the Lord Hifb
Austria, and he the average climatic condition# of the opeans there were stricken with the Messrs. Hagen beck, do Saint Remy, not hesitate to start out alone with Chancellor, Earl Halsbury ; the
Klondike. The average annual mean disease: in 1895 there wero thirty- do Vlllars and do Vries. Dr. Rouyer a small sled load of provisions. | Lord Great Chamberlain, the Mar-temperature is about 22 degrees; the I four new cases; In 1897, the number says :	"Three dnva out tho snow had quia of Cholmondeley, and the Gar-
realms against	aggression	on the meftn 0f the three summer months Is j of victims among the white men was	"It was 1 o'clock In tho morning drifted until 1 could	drag the nidi tor King of Arms, Sir Albert Woods,
Bis- about 57 degrees, July being 61 do-j seventy-seven; less	than six months	and we were all sleeping soundly I no more. I had tho	option then of each in turn, will formally present
that a grees; and of three winter months 161 later there were forty-six new cases when wo were suddenly awakened by taking my bed and bedding along or the King, the lords carrying the redegrees below zero, with January 281 and thirty-eight more were added in shouts. Wo had scarcely opened our of packing some provision#. 1 chose gaiia will step up and the dean of degrees below zero, with January 2811900.	eyes before wo were surrounded by I tho latter, under the	mistaken Idea Westminster, tho very Rev. George
Bent. King	Humbert	remembering gftjd to 0pvn towards the end of Ap-| These facts are	regarded as very	hundreds of natives. The night was l that I could moke it	into camp on Granville Bradley, will place tho re-
that hi# father had owed Venetia and ril, the last zero temperature of the startling, threatening ns they do to so bright and clear that we could two forced marches, and sleep at a gaiia on tho altar. Tho abbreviated Romo to a friendly understanding winter usually occurring about the make it impossible for Europeans to plainly see our native helpers being campfire. At the start next Uav 1 litany and part of the communion
5th of this mor.th. May, with an ! live on tho islands, and to put a murdered by tho cannibals, several found I had to lighten again, and service will follow. Then tho archaverage temperature of 41 degrees, is , stop to foreign enterprise there. Lep- of whom attacked each man. 1 had divided my pack. In loading up bishops will recite the Nicene Creed, by no means an unpleasant month rosy is also common in Madagascar, scarcely realized the situation when lira in 1 took the wrong bundle. Irav- and the Bishop of London, the Right and the 23rd is the average of the where several establishment# have I WAS KNOCKED SENSELESS	8,1 mv matches in the bundle Rev. Arthur Wlnnington-Ingraham,
b“"	"""" Li" «	! “£“‘-£3 - «Ï i1 "" “,h " ¦""*
sasssrzerrs SL1IE ™	:
days, and to 80 degrees on 14 days. Early Struggles and Trials of for tho murderers believed me dead. 1 ,ac ' tho i 90 degrees was recorded in Dawson Thomas Sidney Cooper.	"Finally I regained mv senses and
wmmwmmmmmi
of a latitude within a few degrees of bChUn llfe 88 tt poor ln,i in Cttntc,~ doubtcdly among tho number whom
He ' had no lessons In art. and little	^	<0''	^
mmê wmm-msjm
mammm
average about the 18th I.e usual-g The boy explained that he had no- one dhîctedlvo£ pTthemTo
„	„ HHFvv"
J «& nSTMT svrz: =	Z 537 3
gnvs below zero or lower on 73 of pencils and some fmo drawing- at ,ast wo sct Sldl for tho nearest
t^Td^ :,or:r\Twa.eo dozed with deiight thot
lower on 7 days, and to 60 degrees ^ was long before he could utter dltion Wft8 mined and there was no-below or lower on two days. In mort intelligible thanks than a	f th eurvivor# to do except
trance of Italy into the Triple MH-1 January, 1896,	65 degrees below stammering Eli. sir ! Eh. sir !" as (Q c^m0 homa
ance as an act of enmity. When the was registered at Fort Constantine, *ie Hutched the precious gilt. Twenty
• n ,T t d"?rb '°7 z' r.3r” ^ sr ss
which the alliance had been formed	, un DXTn,„	artists, when
!	% •	« vit	RAIN AND SNOW
was approaching, Italy, which was
0®C6
of the Triple Alliance for a third
The consent of
Report of the Weather Bureau Covering a Period of Seven
Year#.
term of ten year#
the Italian Government has already
bwn secured, although not without. ^ many confllctlng atatnmMlts „
•ome modification of the original the severity of the climate of condition# under which it entered tho Dawson City and the Yukon have
Precisely what the modiflea-1 been in circulation during tho past
few years that a true statement of it will doubtless be of interest. Such te guessed If we recall tho change a statement has been prepared by
which has taken place in the rein- the Weather Bureau, and Is correct
Official
It
league
tlou is is not yet known, but it can
tripartite compact was formed
possessions
SOME STATISTICS. The statement is as follows:—
The circumstances under which the
then the Austro-Hungarian Premier, Was aware that in 1876 the Ouur had
In an attack upon desired to safeguard the Hapeburg
part of the Northern Empire march, on his part, feared French-Russian coalition was immi-
I
with Prussia, was favorable to an alliance with Germany, but both ho and his people shrank from any combination with Austria, their tradi-
Bisinarck, conse-
WILL IX)N HIS CAP
tional enemy quently, found It necessary to coerce the Italian Government
Just before tho sermon the King, who up to that stage of the ceremony will have been uncomrod, will put on a cap of crimson, a veil 1 trimmed with ermine. Then come» the oath-taking, after which the King will bo anointed. Then me King's cap and crimson robo will be removed, and four garter knight» will hold over him a rich pall of silk or cloth gold ; tho Dean of Westminster will pour oil into a spoon and the Archdishop of Canterbury will anoint tho King, making the sign of the cross on tho top of His Majesty's head, thus consecrating him "King over this people, whom the Lord your God hath given you to rule and govern." Tho King will then kneel and tho Dean of Westminster will invest him with er tunica.
Next will come the ceremonies which caused so much discussion, including tho presentation of the sword of state, the standards and then the orb will bo placed on the King's right hand. He will be again divested of tho crimson robe and will be enveloped In a purple robe of state and the Archbishop of Canterbury will gi\e tho scepter to the King, while the Lord of the Manor of Worksop supports thu King's right hand, and a ring is placed on llis Majesty's fourth linger.
This 3is-
BtiT to push on
marck did by partly offering Pope an asylum at l’ulda. and asserting that the political position of the Papacy was a question to be settled, not by Italy alone, but by tho great Powers acting in concert; partly by suggesting that. Franco, which already had occupied Tunis, was only awaiting a propitious opportunity to seize Sardinia or Cicily or even to besiege Homo a second time on the ground that, by taking that city, the Italians had violated the treaty between Victor Emmanuel II. and Napoleon III.
It was not easy to keep the covered trail, and so I broke a path around a tree and walked around it all night. 1 struck out next day, lost tho trail several times, and at 11 night made up my mind that 1 did not know how far it was to camp at all. I had grown stupid and did not recognize tho landmarks when I saw them—or, at least, could not gauge distance or locality from them.
"I had an awful night walking around a tree that night. Several times I full down from going to sleep walking. The shock of tho fall would arouse mo and 1 would start out again. I never had such a struggle in my life and think .1 was half delirious. Each time 1 fell I was tempted to stay down and sleep a bit, but tho love of life proved yet t , strong, and 1 hoped to tumble into camp early in the morning.
"1 don’t know how far 1 went next day, for tho recollection is uII a haze. It seems as if I walked u year, nibbling occasionally at the frozen food in my pocket». Some pan-cakes I had put in my shirt to thaw probably saved my life, for I was able to walk all that day and all that night. That last night was terrible. I worked sums in mental arithmetic until 1 found I was getting tho extraordinary results of a
man in a dream. I repeated poetry Then will come tho actual crown-until	I found 1	could not	make the	*nI- The primate will take	the
lines	rhyme.	declaimed	aloud all	crown from tho altar and place	it
tho little things 1 learned at school, 0,1 King Edward's head, a fanfare of all tho time walking round and trumpets will be sounded and guns, round a tree, first one way until 1 the palaces were guns are station-fell down, and then the other way ed, will fire salutes. The Archbishop until I fell down. It was a night of of Canterbury will next address tho agony, though I learned afterward King, exhorting him to bo strong it was not cold
"All 1 remember after that is so receive the crown of righteousness ; one of them. Cat ter-	,,	fanciful I know it was unreal—simple the peers will be put on their cor-
mole, jumped to his feet and cried .®	Vesuvius	volcano	rises	on	the	waking dreams.	l>avo told	mo that	onets and tho presentation of	tho
...	h	i	ut-	1	Observations	of	rain	snow have out ;	mainland	about	fifteen	miles	from	tho	ncxt	morning—or the day after—1	Bible having been made, the King
In a had plight, financially and	polit i-	until the	close of last summer,	been	"Why, Sidney, are you the slate ?	city of Naples and ubout fm‘ miles	cannot tell—I staggered into tho	will ho enthroned, by leading him to
cally, was only too glad to	renew	very fragmentary, but it	is probable	Then know that I am the pencils !"	bo,n *be coas^ H *s encircled by a	camp	and foil down the moment 1	the hitherto unoccupied throne. An-
tho compact for a second term of ten	that the summer rainfall near	Daw-	But the gift of the pencils brought	rn!,way at base, and up to the	entered the cabin. Ho tells mo he	other solemn admonition of tho Arch-
vears For some time thereafter the	s<m	is usuallV between seven	and	trouble as well as joy, for the lad	luMgbt of 1.900 feet is covered with	roused me and fed me soup occasion-	bishop of Canterbury will I
.	‘	0 .	+.	nine inches, and	that the total	snow-	had no knife to sharpen them. lie	cities*	villages,	farm houses and vine-	ally nil day, but I know nothing of	lowed by marks of homage by the
et.1 v of	in	gs i	i e	.i	.	i	it	fall of the autumn and winter	is be-	tried pushing hack the wood from	>an1s- At least 80,000 people live	it. I slept twenty-four hours, and	Archbishops, Bishops, and people,
aula went from bad to worse.	Not	tween 50	and CO inches.	tho lead, and then rubbing it down	bl *bo !|ddflt continual danger, to	after	a few hours of moving around	After this ceremony is completed
only was tho military prestige	of the	Dawson	being situated	near	tho	on rough stone ; but it was of little	wbicb tboY seem entirely indifferent,	went	to sleep again and stayed at it	tho Queen will bo crowned. She will
nation seriously tarnished by the re- rivvr with high hills or mountains use. At last one day ho took cour- Jt 8ccms stranKc that a section ex- until next morning. Yes, it is tho bo anointed on tho head, four peer.	-	, .	.,	. ,	*	.	.	on all sides, is	well protected	from	age and called after a grave-looking	P°8ed	to such	constant peril should	hardest country to do without sleep	esses holding a magnificent pall over
» erses	sun	i in	, >>ssini;i.	»u a the winds and a	feature of the	town	man who was passing, and asked if	bo 80	densely	populated and thous-	I ever lived in. Even now it makes	her, tho King will put a ring on her
Dually recurring and Increasing do-	and	indeed of tho neighboring	coun-	he had a knife. Ho had ; and when	ands among those who brave it mutt	mo sleepy to remember that nip."	finger, the Archbishop of York, the
ficits, brought the country to the	try	is the long periods of calm	wen-	ho learned for what it was wanted,	bave witnessed ^he torihlo des true-	 ^_______ Moat Bov. William Palrympfe Mo
vergo of bankruptcy. At last, it tht*r wllivh occur.	ho stopped and sharpened all twelve rtj®n from tho disturbances of 1872 A CELEBRATED TIMEKEEPER Lngnn wiU p,ftC0 tho crown on her
¦¦¦¦	of the pencils Then he went on - *hvre wvrc eruptions in 189.> and	head and the scepter and Ivory rod
but a door near by opened, and out	18<J9' which destroyed tho roads,	Tho world’s best timekeeper is said	and dove will be placed in her hands,
popped an excited little gentleman	but did no other damage, although	to be tho electric clock in tho base-
who inquired what had taken place.	werc a loud warning to all who ment of tho Berlin observatory,
Ho was told.	occupy the great amphitheatre with-	which was installed by Professor
"Do you know who that was ?" in range of volcanic catastrophe.	Foerster In 1865. It is enclosed in
he asked.	Last May the machiner^ of the rail-	an air-tight glass cylinder, and has
way that carries people to the crater	frequently run for periods of two or
was partially destroyed, but little	three months with an average daily
lava was thrown out.	variation of only 15-1000ths of
second
THE ARCTIC CIRCLE
With their national unity ami ter-
ritorial integrity thus menaced, tho Italians were prepared to pay almost any price for the assurance of protection
They bound themselves to
maintain their military forces on a
scale out of nil proportion to their revenue, and they received in return
no promise to promote Italian commercial interests In the Mediterranean, or to further Italy's desire to obtain tho reversion to Tripoli. Tho huge addition to their burdens was coupled with a grievous shrinkage of their fiscal resources, owing to the expiration of their commercial treaty with their best customer, France,
quite the end of the month or early in November that the river is frozen fast
THE ACTUAL CROWNING
which naturally regarded the on-
and of good courage, so that ho may
DWELLERS ON VESUVIUS
fol-
o.
came to be recognized that the only hope of industrial relief lay in the conclusion of a treaty of commerce with France which would reopen their former market to Italian products. After some delay a treaty was negotiated
inertial intercourse mutually lucra-
+-
CLOSES WITH PRAYER.
Frayera will bo delivered, the peeresses will put on their coronets and the services will end with the celebration of communion, the King and Queen both participating and the y I King presenting tho bread and wine. a On leaving tho Abbey their majesties will go direct to Buckingham Palace.
The Pope has granted tho Roman Catholics of tho British Empire a dispensation from abstinence of the Friday, June 27 (tho day after the coronation), and also on Saturday. Juno 28, which is the vigil of a saint's day, in order that they may participate in tho national rejoicings. Cardinal Vaughan has been directed to proscribe coronation prayeik.
PROTECTION FOR EUROPE
Talk of Establishing a Quarantine at the Persian Gulf.
"No."
Dr. J. Crespin, a professor in the School of Medicine at Algiers, was commissioned by tho French Minister tire led presently to tho establish- of the Interior in July last to study
ment of cordial diplomatic relations
which culminated in a visit of an 8!an gll,f
The resumption of a com-
' That was the Archbishop of Canterbury !"
Tho next time young Cooper went to sketch ho learned the advantage of being the protege of an archbishop ; for he was asked into the
___.little gentleman's garden, and soon	,	, ,	.	. .	..	..
Th,	*. pro™, „
riving the old friendship cemented which has been so fatal in India. The j table, with even a dish of Wh't wakefuI "boy" imitated it derisivent Solferino and Magenta, but after- flnnK<*r for Europe would be great if ; heart cherries set upon it	1 If, the snores gave place to a re-
^ - «»,
©f both countries, was taken when hold among the people of Mesopot- mt,E UNIVERSITY AT riinn fire. Not always did the land lie si-
the Italian and French Governments arnia, Asia Minor and Persia.	... VA KU' lent, says a writer in the Cornhlll
entered into the recent agreement by ^ medical conference held at Ven- ^ queor university this at Cairo Magazine. I have known sleep made
which their respective interests in the ico in 1897 ‘suk^esU>d that a place be yith ifs 10,000 students! Its con- difficult by tho antics of hundreds of whicn tneir îcspec ne mi r . is	selected at the entrance to the gulf tra! square is open to the sun; about zebras, who thudded hither and
Mediterranean were adjusted, the wiiero steamers should be compelled it are separate "riwnks," or porches thither on tho plain like diminutive right of the former power to the re- to stop for sanitary examination, j for each of the 24 recognized nations cavalry, and cried in a succession of version of Tripoli being distinctly Dr. Crespin has reported that the is-, of Islam; in each riwak, youth from tittle barks, worried perhaps by find-ncknnffli><IitihI	Such being the ami-	,and of <>rm,,z would be appropriate ;a11 the	Moslem world study to chant	|ng tho rump tietween them and their
. . ,	for this purpose. jtbo Koran, to write beautiful Ara-	accustomed	watering-place. In some
cable terms upon which l ranee and pr> Crespin has a very poor opin-| bic script, and in the end to bo doc-1 districts when on wet nights rain Italy now stand, it is obvious that ion of the hygienic regulations at I tors, lawyers, kadis, rulers. Each had swamped the fires, a zoological the last-named power would not have Bombay, and says that under pro- j nation has its own ceremonial way garden of "questing boas’.s" was apt assented to a renewal of the Triple 8ent conditions tho plague might of doing so simple a thing os drink- to foregather round the tents. Thus ....	, ?i l»	i	» easily bo carried from that port to ing water, says tho Era. Nor are hyenas, jackals, three lions, and a
Alliance for a third decennial period lhc Pergian Rlllf jn English vessels. 8°(,t- differences a trivial matter. The brace of hippopotami contributed in-
unless	it had	been distinctly under-	Ho says that the sanitary condi- schism	between the Sunni and the	tUnntcly to	one seance that I wot of,
stood	that	no attempt should be	lions of the islands arc poor. The jkSl,fl ia	60 bitter that each deems it	an(j as the	darkness was too thick
country is very warm, the inimbi- I a dutV	to pollute the holy walls and	for vision,	that night yielded but
tant» poverty stricken, water Is sacred places of the other, though if scanty peace. Hippo are at all T, * f	.. .
B	nounccmtiits in the	daily papers in-	ninth century by	a Mohammedan
forming	tho friend»	of Mr Bo-and-	shipwrecked on the	coast, who	do-
Fersia	is	disquieted	over	the	situa-1	So	late	as	the	year	1050	silver	So that	he is unable, through the	sired to transcribe his torn	and
i.	She	has	resolved	to	improve	and	gold	were	equal	in	value	in , doctor's	orders, to	conform to this	water-soaked copy of the Koran	in
her sanitary service in the Gulf and ' Japan.	i polite usage.	enduring form.
Yet astronomers are not satisfied even with this, and efforts arc continually made to secure ideal conditions for a clock by keeping it not only in un air-tight case, but in an underground vault where neither changes of temperature nor of barometric pressure shall ever affect it.
AN AFRICAN NIGHT
tho sanitary conditions in the Per-
Mnny Europeans believe that the question of hygiene in the Persian gulf is important foi
From the bush rose the death scream of some animal in tho grip of
Italian squadron to Toulon
WIVES BY PURCHASE
Wives are still obtained by purchase in parts of Russian Europe. In the district of Kaxnyschin, on the Volga, for example, this is practically the only way in which marriages are brought about. The price of a pretty girl from p well-to-do family ranges from 350 to $100, and in special cases a much higher sum is (detained
A SMART YOUTH.
A bright youth of fourteen or thereabouts walked into a certain grocer's shop one morning.
"Do you want a smart boy, sir ?" he naked.
The tradesman, who wasn't exactly in need of a hoy, smiled at tho youngster's busir.es«-like air.
"So," he remarked, "you consider yourself a smart boy, do you ? Do you think you could run this business us well as myself ?
The youngster glanced round U»o shop and calmly replied :
"I think I could do some things a little 1 >ottcr than you, Mr !"
"Indeed !" gasped tho grocer.
"Yes. Now look ut that butter, for instance. Don’t -you think it would be better to label it 'Can't be beaten,’ instead of 'Can't be approached/ ns you have it ? Some folks’ll think it’s scarcely fresh, you know !"
That youngster wasn't long out of a berth.
â
In the villages the lowest
It is customary for the fathers of the intending bride and bridegroom to haggle for a long time over tho price to be paid for tho lady
ther cannot afford to pay for a wife for him need not think of getting married.
price is about $25
A young farmer whose fa-
M
PAPER FROM SHRUB-PULP
made to interfere with the commercial and political agreements between the French and Italian Governments.
ii
many and Austria unless those pow era should be the victims of unprovoked aggression on tho part of the French-Rusalan League word#, the Triple Alliance, in the form which Italy's new relations have compelled it to take. Is now truly, what Bismarck always alleged It to bo, a guaranty of international I (ion pence.	I
for
In other
Water can only Iks compressed one
twenty-thousandth part of its volume,
spreading the plague through THE PERSIAN GULF

08 tons of
Germans
smoked last > r.ir, agnhut SC tor#
lu 1891.
i)

/

Mi

###PAGE###3###
THE PSYCHOLOGY OF HAIR
POOR DIlfEffiON.
the fact Ih of no use have no record of
THE WEATHER ON THAT DAY
because wo
Sunlight
Soap
Thanhs, dear Mrs. Grundy about your advice about 40c
Coarse block hair indien tes power of character, with a tendency to sen-suallty. Straight stiff black heir nnd beard indicate coarse, strong, rigid and straightforward personality. Fine hair generally denotes exquisite sensibilities; flat, straight hair n melancholy but constant habit
Thou, to be strictly accurate, you must allow for the earth’s irregularities, as well as those of the moon, and the earth Is well known to have a slight lurching movement which produces the procession of the equinoxes. Taking this Into account, the sun, earth and moon, havu not exactly repented their relative movement h since many thousand years before Attain and Eve took possession of paradise.
There is another difficulty which would have daunted any man with less intellect limn Mr. Clements. Sir Robert Hall told us two years ago
that changes in the distribution of flT} I pmTnTm MTTTDH QUOD U,k‘ftsUl^^*
polar Ice cause the earth to alter hcr | H DbAUllUUu lUUlllJU ÙI1UU (fret to say, is indicative of a hasty, axis, and to hitch the equator up n	--- impetuous and rash character, and,
"S ÏÏT Th!.™ ”e	7™ miH STSmCS'1:,!? 2ZZ2
ÜViXi! 2%I Th. OAW90N COMMISSION CO.. LlmK.d TORONTO
like that before. Hut it is to i* Formerly F®<Iuir«d Efforts of a be in some Way affected, or may nf-1 Consignments Solicited.
(I the	too	Dozen Men to Shoe Two |*ect, Hi.-	an odd
This business about the e(|imtor is	Animals.	*luw °^en the sulphur in red
the most awkward of all for Mr. Cio»	•ha r or ,ll<? ^ arlum in black
meats
dealt with are periodical. ' cession of tho equinoxes is rather di-1 Louis with
lutory, taking 25.807 years to com- versus machine in a shop at Tenth plote, but still it docs work round at I and Walnut streets a few days ago, st
benders the life of the dyspeptic miserable.
REDUCES
Food Becomes Distasteful and a Feeling of Weariness, Pain and Depression Ensues.
EXPENSE
Ash Ur the Ortsgea Bar
A copy of Illustrated booklet “Weekly Expenses Reduced" sent free to your address by writing to
LEVER BROTHERS LIMITED, TORONTO «%
Harsh, upright hulr is the fiign of a reticent and sour spirit, it stuBborn and cruel character. Coarse ml hair and whiskers are accompanied by violent animal passions, but some force of individuality. Auburn hair, on the contrary, denotes the
best order of sentiment and In ten
eity of feeling, purity of thought and I I have tried the greatest capacity for pain or I _____
Crisp, curly hair, wo ro- *------------===
From LeSorcIois, Morel, Que.
Of the Alwwwuw afflicting mankind dyspepsia is one of the worst to <*n-dim\ Its victims find life almost a burden. J’ood becomes distasteful; they suffer from severe pains in the stomach; sometimes excessive heart palpitation, and a general feeling of Weakness and depression. Though this Wisonso is one of the most distressing, it is one which, if the pio-per remedy is employe», ran be * rad ll.v cured. Thousands throughout Ehi country bear testimony to the cfndtcy of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills as a never failing cure. Among them In Mrs Adolphe A. La trousse, known and highly esteemed lady siding at Sorol, Que
V
CEYLON TEA.
ind Diu si say it is in oat delicious. ?Jy hue band now seyg that breakfAst is something to look forward to.
I v
If you have any to sell let ui hard your price, f. o.b., stating quantity
a well
appears
Shoeing fractious mules by aid of | in the individual's acts and thoughts.
i ho pro-1 machinery has just been tried at St.
It was mule
A Chain is no Stronger than its Weakest Link and a Wire Fence is no Stronger than its Uprights.
No one should ex pec fence to hold ep of itself t^'pgfr between the posts.
JU The Frost upright wires VW are large and strong. The
jffllv Frost Lock bolds them
js fH in place and each support
_______its own share of the
weight. Light tie wires
Iftrlt K*ve no **PP°r,< Bending to tie weakens them and they are apt to
SI i break when the strain is severe. H Qu8« Frost Fence never breaks.
Calefegue. #
THE FROST WIRE FENCE CO., LIMITED, • WELLAND, Owr.
re-
The other motions to be
She f.'.iys:—
"For two years I was a constant sufferer from bud digestion and its conipanying symptoms. Food became distasteful and 1 grew very weak, 1 Buffered much from l>alns in the stomach and head
restful sleep and became unfit for all housework. 1 tried several rftedlcincs without finding the least relief and I Continually grew worse until in the end I would vomit everything I ate. 3 had almost given up hope of being well again when one day 1 read Of ft case similar to through the use of Dr. Williams' link Pills. 1 determined to give these pills a trial and am happy to-day that I did so, as by the time 1 had taken eight or nine boxes Strength had returned, which had so long racked me disappeared, my stomach would digest food properly and I lmd fully regained my old time health, and have not since had any return of the trouble."
Dr. Williams’ Pink Tills are a purely tonic medicine and unlike nil galives, do not weaken the system, but give life and energy with every dose. They are a certain cure for anaemia, dizziness, heart troubles, rheumatism, sciatica, indigestion, partial paralysis, St. Vitus' dance and the functional ailments that make the lives of so many women an almost constant source of misery. Sold by dealers in medicine, or i Bent postpaid at 50 cents u box or six boxes for $2.50 by addressing the Pr. Williams' ville, Ont.
THANKS FOB BOTH.
success
ac~
t«
Hut this hitching up of the and the machine won, to the
humiliation of two mules.
It Is| were genuine obstinate, cross-grained
mules, that for general cussed nose” have earned more than
utter _
They | FRENCH GENTLEMAN GRACEFULLY EXPRESSES HIS OWN AND HIS WIFE’S GRATITUDE.
equator is an irregular movement which vitiates all conclusions supposed to have boon one of the| Missouri prime causes of the flood, and some
accumulation I * reputation of ice at the South Pole at present is	Men have put it down that, while!	^	_
getting quite top heavy, and that it is a difficult thing to convince a A Strong Letter Written With the unless the crew of the Discovery are womaij ngufnst her will, it is next to	Noble	Purpose	of	Trying to
careful with their guns, and tread impossible to convince a mule. These	Benefit	Someone	Else,
very lightly, wo may have it all slip- particular mules were, apparently, of j f ping down into the sea. The effect 1,10 opinion, tlmt it demeaned the would be a tidal wave probably rt high estate of Missouri muledom to mile high, and a permanent addition he shod. Heretofore it had required to the height of the sea which would |11 force of at least a dozen men to
shoe them
1 could not obtain
l
Z

J**
ever
The Frost Strongest1
mine cured
St. tlippolyie, Que., May 12. (Special)—Mr. L. A. Faquin of this village has written for publication the following letter both himself and his wife ter reads:
Writ
Jn it he speaks for
The let-
toy
Of the dozen it was a
SUBMERGE AU. LONDON ,
except two little inlands—one at thn|H*rnn*e thing if more than Crystal I’alnco and tho other nt came out of the battle unscathed,
dark Straws Castle, Hampstead nnd ll°*f!CKhoe'H considered thcmsol-lleuth.	I ves lucky t<> g<-‘t off with less than a
broken arm.
tho pains
!
t hr ce
“After much suffering 1 had become unable to work ble which gave me great pain.
"My wife had used a box of Dodd’s Kidney Pills for a similar trouble sometime before
1 had Kidney Trou-
9
0
and do it well with the economical
O
mont
Strange though it may srem. the probabilities arc that the relative
movements of the earth, the moon, ,	,	, ,
nnd the sun are never exactly repeat-I t ïOV ( umo f°rthyrom I ko experience
rd. This has led Mr. Clements to | m<‘pk R,1‘l chastfnod animals. Old
Crow and Dynamite are the names
of tho mules
ling cart, and have demolished silvern 1 heavy sprinkling wagons say nothing of pinking nt different times witli hind leg uppercuts the drivers upon tin?
II1UII SEATS OF THE CARTS.
I
With tho machine’s aid the mules
and
and best for
OTJOE1 Points in Canada Beautify your
home inside and out with
and ns they had O completely e restored her to good ° health 1 made up my mind to take a © treatment myself.	*
"i was not disappointed, and I can $ now say that I have tried and «prov- © ed Dodd’s Kidney Pills to be the • greatest medicine in the world "We are now both quite well, and ' • able to do our work as well as ever. 0 "We have found Dodd’s Kidney © Pills to L»e a remedy, which saves us ? the pains and trouble which often see in others, who arc languishing and incapable of attending to their work.
were shod without casualties
pur-
Ramsay's Paints |
e
A
adopt n simpler method than hunting Up weather records for a corresponding day in the past that never really existed, lie now takes a date in a recent past, writes down its barometrical record, and makes allowances for differences in the position of the heavenly bodies horizontal parallax of tin* moon, the declination of the moon and tho declination of the sun bav<s to be allowed for, and there you are! You have the height of the barometer for any day in the future you like to name. One minute of parallax has such an effect on the barometer that the mercury jumps .08 inch its effect would be on a human being has not yet been tried, but doubtless these viviscctors will be wanting to find out. A degree of declination affects the barometer to the extent of 0.8 inch, and an hour's difference in transit .015 inch. By this means Mr. Clements says that anybody ran tell tho weather, for any future time at any spot on tho earth’s surface. Meanwhile, the moon, the sun and the earth seem to go on just as before.
They haul a sprink-
M
S
the right paints to paint right, that puts off longest the necessity for repainting, and keep» your * house clean and bright through- q out the life of pure paint at* no <? other paint ever did before, and r.t the right price.
Drop us a cuifl and ark for
BOOKLET "K" FREE.
showing how some houses are painted.
to
»
©Bi
The

e
we so
The machine used came from Rensselaer, Ind., where lives the inventor.
The apparatus is a combination of tackle, beams, ropes, a heavy canvas belt and a sliding lever, with a device at its bottom for grasping the animal's hoofs. The beams aro attached to the wall about two feet six inches apart; the horse or mule is sandwiched in between; the tackle serves to hold the head nnd hind ! legs; tho hell is fastened under the body and helps to sustain the weight; the hoof is held by the lever, and the horaeshoer does his work in safety.
When Old Crow was led out looked at tho invention askance. He held one long cur very straight and perked the other far back. Then poked both ears forward and then wagged, both wisely, us if to say,
"No you don't
There was a crowd of men standing about—horseshoers from surrounding towns and others who How to Keep Little Ones Bright, wanted to see the fun. Old Crow Active and Healthy.	was induced to take his stand at
Every mother knows that, little what seemed an innocent distance
Mr. Clements has been children need careful attention-hut froin the beams.	v	-o	I Kites foi
nt work on this subject for twenty	they do	not need	strong drugs. When	Then, in an instant, the beams	Likclv to hTo* process ; havc been sent up 14,000
years, and to a London Daily News	baby is	peevish,	cross	or unwell, it	were swung around toward him and	7	economic value.	team of fivc Kites was used, and
representative he	confided	some	cf	is an unfortunate fact that too many	)10 found himself buckled	lietween	Dr. Mux Kkenbcrg, of Gothenburg,	their weight,	and that of the	wire
his results.	mothers dose them with so-called	them. Ropes were attached to his	has Invented an apparatus by	holding them,	was 1301b.
Ho started out	on this	great	in-	“soothing" medicines which stupefy	halter so lie could not move	his head	which milk can bo reduced to powder	-
quiry in the interests of agriculture, and put the little one into an un- in any direction, and an effort was while possessing all the qualities of	nf ointments for Catarrh
and carefully compared thy weather natural sleep, but do not remove the made to fasten the canvas belt under milk in concentrated form, except	u v 1	„ mirev
records with the motions of the cause of the trouble. What Is want- him.	moisture. This milk flour, moreover. !	tnat contain raeicury
planets. Nothing	came of	it except	ed to make the little one bright,	Then Old Crow understood	that the	is completely soluble in water, and	m mercury will	mrely destroy the	«ante	of
that he incidentally discovered the	cheerful	and well, is	Baby’s Own	matter was serious, lie commenced !	can be used for	all the	purposes for	•“•JJ eïtoheeIt^hromrh mmoassu'/fi^
cause of sun spots. But when he ex-	'J ablets,	which	will	promptly cure	kicking with nil four legs at once. '	which ordinary	milk is	employed.	Such articlesthould never he u*cd except on
ami nod the motions of the moon he colic, sour stomach, indigestion, jje made the floor shake and tho It does not get sour, does not | pre«crip'iom from reputable phydeiane. i ho i Montre»’, u> Ln«rp*»i Be«t#n to ' found nt once that the weather ex- constipation, diurrhoen, simple fe- |„.ams rmik, UIlll the bysUmdeis ferment nnd in its dry stole is not	!£».	“ 1J”rp°*'	Q‘""
actly corresponded with them. . In vers and teething troubles. They SOught out the high places, but it sensitive to changes in the weather. | Cute manufactured by F.J. Chrneir L Co.To- Urge»nd Kiuii8if»oi»hips Superior fact, to state the matter in his own I give children sound, refreshing sleep, Was unnecessary. In another mo- It can bo kept and transported in ledo. u..^^.Inyuomtrcurrandl.tAken fir »lwZS CZiVAn#:.
immortal words, he finds that “met- because they remove the cause of the nient a strap was passed around his tin cans, barrels or hags.	mSoi» rurf»5** of thi nyVtem. In buyh.g	AŸ iïïïiïiïïJÏÏSiïuïS JL’I
eorology is an exact science," the trouble. Ihese tablets arc guurun-	hind legs above the knee, and his	The	cost of reduction. Eken- Hnli> CnUnh Vuro be sure you gel iho genu	i***#	mm,	»pn	w iw mn
not an outcome of blind teed to contain no opiate or other	chief kicking gear was under con-	berg	estimates at about 2, emits for H.1»tJk*.n 1 nïUnloi
Mrs. James Found.	trol. The belt was put	in place and	every 106 quarts, and he thinks that	by	F* J* Lhcney * C° ^.Umonu,,
Valentin, Out . says:—"Before I got	1TZX#X1„1	thç Hour made from skim milk can	Hoid by	l)roggi»ti. prie*73c per bottle.
Httby’s Own Ta Mats, my baby was TIIK HOOTS \\ 1l1 v L	à MZi^D.	bo sold for about lîî routs a pound.	Hull1» Family IMhare thebsst.
very pale and delicate, and so pcov-	In twenty minutes he had a now set	No rennet, or acid, or lyu is used in
ish that 1 had to walk the floor with	of shoes, yet he was not in the least	producing it.
him day and night. The first tablet	proud of them, lie realized that he
I gave him helped him, and that	had been beaten, that the traditions
night he slept soundly. Since then	of muledom had been transgressed,
the tablets have made him perfectly	and such a woebegone animal as was
well, and he is now a fine, healthy	Old Crow xVhen he was released from
looking baby, and is getting quite his shackles could not be imagined, fat. 1 would not lie without the Dynamite, with slight variations, tablets if they cost a dollar n box.” was put through the same program.
Baby’s Own Tablets are good for He found kicking to no purpose, children of all ages and arc taken us though he temporarily delayed the i readily as candy. Crushed to a adjustment of the belt powder, they can be given with nb- simply sat down on his haunches and solute safety to the youngest, weak- resisted for a time every inducement est baby. Sold by all druggists or to return to all fours sent postpaid at 25 cents a box. by	like ail immense dog in this position,
addressing the Dr. William# Medici no	and it seemed ns if he was to baffle
Co., Brock ville. Ont.	»	his tormentors.
But one of the men seized his tail
Dvna-

I
Medicine Co., Brock-
«
m
\
“We keep Dodd's Kidney I’i.,s constantly on hand, and use them occasionally if we feel the slightest indisposition. We have used altogether © between us six boxes.'	•
Perhaps I should explain why I write this Idler
feel there may be many others who have not heard of Dodd’s Kidney Pills, or who, having heard not yet given them a fair trial, and ll0 to such I would say 'Give Dodd’s 1 idney Pills a fair trial and you will Agree with my wife and myself
hp»thnt there is not any other such medicine to be had/ ”
What Dodd’s Kidney rills ha\e done for Mr. Paquin and his good wife, they will do for woman who suffers from Kidney Disease in any form.
V

Q
FfiEDICTIlSG THE WEATHER
A. RAMSAY & SeN
Eetab. 1S4Î
What
C
f
0
Paint Makers
a
SURPRISING DISCOVERY OF MR. HUGH CLEMENTS.
9
It is because I

Long—“Say, Short, I'd like to have that $10 you borrowed of me three months ago." Short—“Sorry, old man, but 1 can’t give it to you at the present writing.”
“But you said you wanted it for a little while only.” gave it to you straight keep it half an hour.”
WPfl 11 «8
When Sun and Moon Repeat Themselves Weather Will Do the ...
Same.
have
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
Long—
Hugh Clements, of Dulwich, England, comes forward with what lie announces as a “coronation year discovery,” by which any intelligent person can predict the daily height of the barometer nnd the direction of the wind in any part of the world for any day in the future.
Mr
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
Short—"Well I I didn’t
» p
the temperature
any man or
Lifebuoy Soap— disinfectant — is strongly recommended by the medical profession as a safeguard against infectious diseases.
THE BLOOM OF HEALTH
Preserves the tsslfi. Sweetens the breath Strengthens the gums
/
It is a large order
As may be imagined, the moon has a good deal to do with it
POWDERED MILK

observing the weather |
fei f
!
; TO PRINTERS
i
f
FOR SALE.—Twa 2-rrvouitlon Campbell Presses, bed 40x16 Inches. Splendid order. Pries Si,000 e*oH. Terms easy,
S FRANK WILSON,
73 West Adelaide St., Toronto



Dominion Line Steamships
>

of the Company, or
Riehnrrts, 11 ilia k Oo,
77 Utile be. BojIo*.

weather is
chance,” but of fixed laws,” and is a harmful drug function of the phases of the moon.”
Met on, in the sixth century, 11.C..
3 Torraaet SCe.. Montres! sod Partant

rel,,b.lo%nts wanted
made the first discovery In meteorological science, when ho found that the moon has a
We want, et once trustworthy is to sud women hi every locility, Inal or trsielleg. to InVeduee • new diaeorert end keep oor shew oeids and slve>Us:fu matter tanked up ia coneplenow m*oe» ilwvu|hout thé fowu an! country Steady emWcymemt yetr rowod, ' iiewitssjou or sal try. S*TP° Per fiontb ana fc'ipenses, not to exceed RMpt day
Wiite for particular».	FosleSce box 337,
KTERNATIOWI MEDICINE 60.. LONDON DMT.
A man never fully realizes the At a recent meeting of the Swedish wealth of information he doesn't pos-Acatlcmy of Agriculture Dr Kkon- sess till his first child begins to ask berg exhibited samples of his milk questions.
flour and it was favorably coin-,	-----*
incutcd	on. In an address to the	stop* r»s reugii
Academy be bald that he believed his	,T. $"2L^QutllS? l.V.i. cure
invention to be of the greatest un- iB one dsj. Uo Lure. No Paj. Frios M portant» for the utilization of skim	------
CYCLE OF NINETEEN YEARS
Then Hipparchus found that tho moon’s apse moved forward 40 depress - each year was a break of about sixteen cent nr-during which the human mind pwined to sleep/
Copernicus, who was followed later by Clements.
Jt has been left to the latter to piece together all the discoveries of his predecessors in one complete system.
After this there
» rold cents.
FEATHER DYEING
ies
and then came
the artist
milk, hitherto largely wasted, ns in ; She—“Mr. Dnubstei a dry form it could be transported told me I was as pretty as a pit
Cleaning and Curling and Kid Oiovee cleaned. Thaw can be sent by poet, lo per oa the beet plaee ie
all over the country without losing j ture.” He—“l hope he didn't mean BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO*
any of its original good qualities. I one of his own pictures.”	--------------------------------
Then he
WIDE AWAKE DRUGGISTS:

He looked
“Wh> don't you let him In and train i him to keep your creditors out?'
Soil Cileadlne. If yourj does net, send 25o and receive full sized box by poet prepaid NEALS ANY SORE. Money refunded If net eatlsfaotery. CM Drug* glste first ohar.ce, BUT INSIST ÔN QILEADJNE,
*5o. Oruggieto. or Cileadlne Se, Torswta.
Briefly, him discovery is that when the motions and relative positions of the earth, tho sun and the moon repeat themselves the weather will do the same. All the tides and air currents will be the same, and the weather in each place will be what it was at the corresponding period.
If the corresponding period wore a year ago this would be easy you really never know how long three bodies can go on hovering about each other without repeating their motions until you consider the vase of tho onrth, the sun and the
The nineteen year cycle of
There
*
“What seems to be the matter with him?” asked the doctor, approaching the bedside of the man, who lay swathed in bandages the gas leak,” briefly explained tho
nurse.
and gave it a mighty tug mite rose with a jump, and his hind j feet shot back and around like a i
Hut the man was out I
DI (TÏE.SS AS A DRUMMER
One queer phase of the recent trip of the duchess of Sutherland to Uus-1 siu, in company with ghc duchess of j Marlborough, didn't get into the papers in London. The duchess, who is rich and lovely, is one of the most energetic young women in the kingdom, and is especially interested in peasants who _ make the Scotch lweeds. For the sake of promoting their industry she packed several of her trunks with samples of the Highland tweeds, and on arriving in St. Petersburg spread out her goods like any other commercial traveler and issued invitations to the leading tailors of St Pete urg nnd Moscow to come, see and buy
He found
%
spring gun
of range, and soon Dynamite was ns C. C. RICHARDS & CO contrite in spirit ns was his teammate.
Brass Band
Gentlemen,—J	have used MIN*
ARD'S LINIMENT OH my
in my family for years, and for	Per Over Slity >sirs
every duy ..Is and «evident, of life J :
consider it has no equal.	If *oothe« the child. eoftene She gtiwe. sheysysm. rur«
1 would not -start on a voyage
without it, if it cost a dollar a I BoM Ur«troggieM Uirouibmil the world, n* t in» -uj bottle.	I ** for " Winslow e Sooraita Sybuî.
The United States exported last year the record number of 50.1 locomotives.
But
- +
Instrumente, Drums, Uniforms. Etc
FUNDS IN CHANCERY
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Lowest pi Ices ever quoted. Fins catalogue 500 illustrai lone, mailed frre. Write us for any
thing In Waste er WasIcBl Isstramrsl*.
The GoxWnmcnt announcement is made that the unclaimed funds now amount to £1,030,000, distributed over more than 3,1200 separate nc-u i » t £150.
have' remained in Chancery for over a century
so-called lists of next-of-kin heirs to She Ik 1 lèves unclaimed money arc not official, that as a result of her efforts a new nnd sometimes contain gross niierc-niarket will l>e opened for the pro- presentations and exaggerations duct of the Highland cotters
moon
the eclipses is a more trilh is also the cycle of 18.0 years performed by the moon’s nodes in careering round the ecliptic, and the performance is done in such a giddy and unstable fashion that the moon oscillates five degrees on one side and then five degrees on the other. Then the moon’s apse declines to fall into step either with the nodes or with the cycle of eclipses, and makes a round of calls oil the plane of the ecliptic, which takes 8 85 years to
complete.	j
Thus you have to go back a long time to get the least common multiple of these various cycles, and if it be n fact that the weather in London to-morrow will be tho same as
con espon	lie at t In-
time of the visit of J uli'is Caesar,

CÀPT. F. R. DES JARDIN Schr. "Starke/ mourn ska.
WHILE! ROTOJ5 & 00., Limited,
St. Andre, Kh
One-half do not exceed In some rases the funds
Toronto, Ont and Winnipeg, Man
/tad's Liniment for sale empire
It Is stated that, many
FITS
EPILEPSY
The lakes on the Mangishlalie Pen- j
insula in the Caspian Sea are sweet ; . largest oyster ever found on smelling, owing to the presence of a I British shores was dredged up of! violet-scented seaweed.	Christchurch Head. It weighed 31|
pounds and measured seven inches across.

%

DURING HIS ABSENCE
He—"1 know it ! I feel it Î have been flirting with some man. ’ ’
She—“But / my dear, I was so lonesome without you “
you tad's Liniment Relieves Neuralgia
A GROUP OF FROZEN WOMEN
In the Dolomite Mountains thv women lost their way in a snowstorm, and were found frozen together in a stone-like group. They had to be laid in a sledge together and dragged into the valley and thawed in front of a great fire before they could be separated for burial.
FREE SAMPLE OF LIEIItVS FIT MM. .

tad’s Liniment Cures Dandruff
thing else has failed. W I1M M.
DSmotTÏtiÎB K" i*UT
other
I
i
"If von could coin all the silvei your hair, how rich un old man you would be!" "Not half so rich as you would be. young man/’ answered Sophocles, "If you could only sell the brass in your face.”
l
inrb
ft
Wood * Photo. Ewgrw
# J.L JONCS EnG.CV^
-166 BAV STRMT - IORONIO
-------*-------
Minard's Liniment Cures Burns, etc
oti thv
i
L
A


i
###PAGE###4###
SMART & SMITH
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
MASSEY-HARRIS
THE EQUITY.
Sylvester Machinery	Q |	0 |_0 [] § ES
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, MAY 22, 1902.


f
\1.ho n stock
dvmplain of the action of the Dom'mon Government in voting fifty thousand dollars to the anffurers from thu tcanie eruption in Islands ot Martinquo and St. Vincent.
Ft v.
v u
FOR THE WARM WEATHER.
ADAMS’ WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES. DOWSE LI/S WASHERS, WRINGERS un i LEADER CHVRNS.
Just Received !
^ Car-load of
The Celebrated Gray
Carriages
VO

It is estimated that 300,000 immigrant! will come into the Canadian Northwest fri.'tti the States this aunnuar. Hie crop Just year warn eighteen million bushels larger than transportation could he provided f r, What will it he when the Notthweat really begins to till up’ Better htm y up and get that (Iaorgian Bsy Canal built.
The Dominion Parliament >vaa prorogued ou ihuraday last. Mr. Fielding’s last announcement before the prorogation of Parliament waa to the effect that, siuco the making of the budget speech two months ago the revenue of tho country had surpassed his expectations and he believed that at the end of the fiscal year the surplus would be larger and tho addition to the public debt smaller than he had expected. Tho increase of the public debt during a " surplus year is very forcible evidence to the effect a that in national finance as wo have it in Panada surpluses are not always what they seem. Montreal Gazette.
See our Stock. Compare price and quality and make-up with other stores, and we are willing to submit to your decision. Impossible to give any idea here of the variety of shades and designs.
Prices from 75ts up to $2 25.
Ware room» next door to D. McRae\sslio|
A Call Solicited.
R. J. HAMILTON.
P. 9. Hay Forks.
4
JUBILEE CHIMES
W No. 32335, A T. R
and Buggies.
Standard Bred aqd Registered.
P. S. Full range of Ready Mixed Painta.
Sirc-i by HAWLEY CHIMES Nu. 8739? Time. %.10. Dam. Velveteen : time 2*31; by Glencoe Goltlust. No. 582A
Jubn
Jj*
xt will stand for the ser-IHI ai Shawftlle during .the
reason of VJiti, health permitting.
i»on
time of sen ce with privilege of return if horse i- my property. All mares at own vr'y ri>k.


uf Mat
ice
Drop in and have a look at these stylish rigs before placing your Spring orders.
MACFARLANE BROS.
if
Terms
M
O
L. DVMAg.
Vt McGuire’s Hotel,
Shaw ville
Mr. Carnegie’s Latest. would PAT 320,000,000 rot the cuiliv-
Ptxss IV THEY COULD HAY¦ IJfl'EPENDEBfCE.
London, Mty lo—When asked today whether there was any truth in the public «tâtemenl that he had offered to pay $20,000.000 for tho l'hilVpine Idands, provided he was authorized to announce to the Fillipines that theijr independence would be acknowledged ultimately by the United States, Andrew Carnegie laconically replied : “Yes and I meant it.”
Hope For Peaco but not Sanguine
SMART & SMITH.
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
Deer and IVjoose.
QLARENDON^ MILLg 1|ICH CLASS 4ND MEDIUM
All well disposed persona are expected, and it is their duty. toa^Ut the Game Warden in protecting the deer and moose during close season.
Many are humanely doing so now, but more could and should do it out of kindness to those harmless and beautiful animals. All that is necessary is to drop a line saving when nn 1 where the deer or moose were hunted, molested oi killed, and by whom, and if by more than one person, give the names rf all.
.“It is better but not necessary, that you should give your name, unless you wish to be paid for your trouble.
All correspondence strictly private and confidential. Add re-s.
FURNITURE.
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as man-
ufacturers of High Guam: Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established, No, sir !
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stock of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
M 3 CHAM BERLIN SPEAK* AT BIRMINGHAM
ON THE SITUATION
Bedroom Suites Sideboards,
t
London, May 1C - Colonioi Secretary Chamberlin, speaking at Biimingham tonight, said he was hopeful of peace in
South Africa, but was nut sanguine. Tho _	.	. , , 4Art ,	.. T
venge against the Beers hut the policy ‘ - \0 person owning, having or liathor-in South Africa would not be changed, ing any dog accustomed to hunt and pur-lie declared that the people of England miv deer shall allow *uch dog to run at
weretmtee. it. the war »,ui never e.-tm	rft%"v &
w .u!J be a renewal of the present eon- |	of 0IK. yPa. an<l the twentieth of
diet. It was understood in London that October of the following year, under penche question of peace reals largely with ally of a fine of at least $5.00 and not ex-
Kitchen Tables,
N. McCVAIG, Provincial Game Warden.
)
JAMES WILSON.
> —
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fu’ly Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
THE FAVORITE
. GKESr-AJEZAIEME.
I en. Delaroy. Mr Chamberlain said the war had cost $22^,000,00), but that was only one sixth of Great Brit un s annual income. An independent Transvaal would he as dangerous as an independent par limant in Dublin. There was, on the other hand, transient possibilities of a federation of the British race. Tho days are now for great empires, uot for little states.
coed mg $25.00.
Any one may, without incurring any responsibility, kill any such dog found running at large, limiting or coursing in such locality Ix t ween the above mentioned
date*. 1 15.1. VII C. 12. a. 1.
(
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
pRESH ARRIVALS
Female Teachers
Wanted.
>
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
IN
Inferior Cheese
F >mv Tonrher» wanted f ir Nn. !. Ni», i N », ;< ami No. 1, Svparaît1 S. h ><»•< Mum •ip.UPy of Bristol, (’minty of Pontiac I holding a First K. Diploma. A poli I cation.» to bv in Hic h.an la of the under-signe 1 on or before the lâth June PN)2.
HENRY GALLaGHKK,
See -Treaa., tilengyle, Que
WAIITMAH’S.
FACTORY
SXKHI'ISK M It2 OAIIa
1 mokk monsy on ths fact r.
v_\r>
X" \x KRS s!IO
(Formerly McCredie & pidgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
The report of ih t nub-co.xunitted of the Home ai.d Foreign Produce exchange to the minister of agriculture of the Dominion About the rank flavored cheese that was exported from Canada last1 season has come tn a most opportune time. A nun, who has always taken a pqen interest in the chetsa board cf
Ottawa and of EiVera 0.»fcirio generally, Litchiield, Female t vacher holding tirât] advocates tie appointment ofan inspector Cl as» Elementary Diploma. Application. •
SHF"1 k Sr '
be necessary. A license should also be put on the factorin'. This would stop the small concerns which manufacture, in some cases, cheese of inferior quality. ;
la Germary the cheese industry is re ceiving every m ention. The factories ;
cold storage arrangements, which enah.es [nknection of the yard», buildup, cellars, tho milk to be kept at a requited tem- and premises of each household, will lx? perature during hot weather.	made during the present or early in the
The principal cause fur bid cheese is next month and they are expected tomaki
w jv !.........! .-.H !«..*. pBsar'Ksjyrrss, t, x
rarely comptant judges, at.d milk unitary authorities, re-gat ding the same, with bacteria, which prove* lunious to By order of the Board of Health, the production, is allowed to be used in	H. LANG
the manufacture of eieese, which, when	Ex. Officer,
sent abroad, brfngs disgrace on the output of the season. In tho large factories a butler-making appliance can also be used. This will allow the making of butter iu tho spring instead of fodder
cheese, which is inferior to that made innately increased, when the cattle are in pasture. Cheese It is quite pissible that changes in tex-of a proper size to fit the boxes is also ture and composition of the dry substance iiecdinary to perpetuate the good name may offset the greater yieid. 1 ne dry of our product. When made too large or matter of mature grass contains a larger
too small the boxes are easily broken and proportion!
the inspector at the foreign market re- immature. The plan-hardens in texture ports a spoiled cheese fur every broken and loses, in bo.li paiatibihty and digest " h is hoped ” he said “ that the ibthty. It is therefore, usually advisable rep -rt which reflects so much on the to begin cutting hay ear.y, and where Omaiian product of last year will hare there is a large crop to be gathered work the effect of making the Canadian Manu- should begin early m order that it be facturer mers caution.» in h:s work and comp eted be.ore ti e grass $• ...s arc that the aupremicy won from the ripe enough to s.ivl, from the L aws o.
in protein in the eirher stages of growth than when fully grown or nearly mature. The chief with which our feeders have to contend, is the lack of protein in the
The aim of our farmers in growing rations made up < f our common feeding forage croi s is to produce from a given studs and they ehomd recogmz* the fac.
as large a quantity as possible of the that by cutting ear.y, they c n get t.wo d-gcstible nutrients in a palatable f,rm crops of highly nitrogenuous fodder, The lime at which a forage crop is where they on.y git one by late cutting, harvesting may effect the crop iu three Cutting the first crop even before the ways, viz in the quantity of material heads are fu.ly grown v-ill tend to ran»,, harvesting, in the composition of the a vigorous new growth and in t .is way ?» cron, and in the palatibility of the fodder. | good crop of rowan is secured.
As a general iule it has been found that The two crops are more valuable, the greatest amount of dry matter ia se- especially for seeding dairy cows, than cured where forage crops are allowed to mature crop on account ofthe increased fully mature and ripen. The only ei- ! proportion of protein. The ear y cut on ia in the case of clovers and hay seems more pilatgble to stock, and egumes, there the leaves rattle off weight for weight, far more satis-9 lost, evher before or during the factery. On the other hand y .!o eu t-procsM of caring.	i»2 »•	, • , oo«..a.»bly larger
It dor* not fo low th»t when » plant quintity of errhe hydrater, which
Your choice also of several other makes in • Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
AT THE
Qash Store,
Teacher Wanted.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
Wanted For School No. 1 Low cr
STARK’S
CORNERS.
!
of which we have a variety in stock.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP-TO-DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, T II E PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
the
J\ full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
PETER MCLEAN.
Sev.Tre.'survr. Brv.ion Quo.
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
Agateware, Tinware, Etc. j
G. B. WAINMÂnT SHAWVILLE. I
Notice to Householders.
A full stock of Doors. S&sh, Mouldings, Turning's, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.

P. S.-Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
valuable for feeding, and of crude libre , which is of low feeding value.
Fur tho Dairy cows and eheip, grass should be cut early, since these animals ; do not rtliab hay that is wotdy and lacking in aroma, a* is the case with late cut hay. For horses and fattening cattle later cutting is allowable, as these animals subsist mostly on concentrated Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. feed and hay serves oiqre for •‘filling" as horsemen say. In te>t§ made by Pro ftssors Sanborn and Henry in fattening steers with early arid late cut hay, it was found that late cut hay gave the best results. If cutting is delayed too long the 4‘ema of the grass become tough and stringy and the seed scatter from the hands. Such hay has little aroma and lacks palpability if nol nutrients. Though an indefinite quantity, the aroma of grass hss real value in rendering hay more palatable. Then the sun dissipates the dew from the dying grass in the meadow, we detect the escaping aroma, because the dew in rising, carries some of it iutv the air. This is one reason why bay should not remain scattered ever the field at nigh‘. Green colored sweet smelling hay is really the bo*», and pru dent farmers will not overlook such seomingiy sunll point* as preserving the aroma and preventing bleach*og.
F. W BoDffOX,
Live S ock Commis doner.
THE MARKETS.
SILAS YOUNG.
are
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) (W to 75c. Flour per barrel, $3,40 to $.1.40.
ROBERT C. IjODCINS.
Municipality of Shaw ville May, iCth 1902.
i
f
Oat* per bushel, 40 to 00c.
Here it is! SHAW?'wE’s
The Place and°°s°HR
increases in its yield of dry matter that its nutritive ratim value has propor-
Buckwheat, 43c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cent\
Eggs, per dozen, 10 to lie. Butter, per pound, 14 to 15c, Wool, per pound, 11 to 16c. Pelts, each, 00 to 00c.
Hides $4.50 to $5.00. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
FACTORY.
of crude fibre than the
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
box.
o
OTTAWA
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
11 pails. 19 to 20c. per lb.
Eggs, fresh, 13c. per doz.
Potatoes, 30c. per bag.
Lamb, 6 to 10c. per lb.
Mutton, 0 toOc. per lb. -
Beef, 5£ to 8c. per lb.
Pork. $7.25 to $9.00 per 100.
Oats, 47 to 49c. per bushel. Hay, $0.00 to $9.50 per ton. Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
J
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
gepairiqg
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS.
f
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
The Time to Cut Hay.


area

For which 1 am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class
work.
Thanking my many customers for their lil»cral patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future in crew* in business.
Fatally Injured by a Cow.
Particularly ead are tho circumstances connected with the death of Mre. EL II.
Rea, of the fourth line of Ramsay, which occurred on Sunday night. The deccaied
lady was a neice of Mr. John McLeilan, Wanted, Teacher for the Primary De-Ramsay, for whom she was housekeeper, pAriment in Shawville Academy for the and while mi king a week ago last Satur- coming year. School w ill be open about day one of the cowa became obstreperous, 2nd September. Apply to the under-
Hr** "*vr * t ,r
inflicting such severe injuries as develop- La(jhiDg.	H. LANG,
ed into peritonitis, from which she died	Sec.-Treas.
Teacher Wanted.

Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
cepti other X and are
T. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
eight days later.—Almonte Gazette.
Shawville, May 12,190i
are

J IS ;


A







###PAGE###5###
THE FROST ft WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
Mo 876.
iLO.F
A W|fkly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PVHLIHHRD KVKkY TUUHHDAT
AT RHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1,00 A YEAR IN ADVANCi.
No paper * topped until all arrearage# are paid, unless by special arrange meut with the publisher.

County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Rooms.

OUR MEN’S SUITS
at $7.00

Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be putd
promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. B. Barnett,F.1S
A. SMILEY, Prop.
i.MiiW
J. A. Cowan, R fl
John Beckett, C. R
The Kind Gets all % Cream :
The Improved
U. S.
Cream Separator
o
ADVERTISING RATES I
esse®
HAWVILLE
HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
Legal advertising, eight ceuls per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.	*
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at II00 per year.
Local announcements inserted at the rate of s cents per line for first Insertion and
cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the mouth or for longer periods inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without initruc* mpauylng them will be Inserted dden and charged for accordingly,
Ihlrth, marriage and death notices published fr.Mi of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
V
Would put many of the Custom Tailors $1,000 to shame. We have had a big Turnover in our Men’s and Boys’ Clothing department so far this season. The prices, % style and workmanship combined with the superior quality of Cloths and Trimmings have set the people all coming to this Store.
The spot for—
A Fashion* a8LK Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, ox A Clean Shave.
Hone ncoo until forbl
tr Your Turn next
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly
intended to.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLB, - - QUE.
JOHN A COWAN
Publisher
RECEIVED GOLD tyEDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
Business Cards.
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
: :	N. Y., last summer. : :
MEDICAL.
DR. N|cNAUCHTON.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, ut prices to suit all classes.
AGAIN^a^
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
nt the new house built by James Cuthberteon, opposite the Exhibition ground*.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the TT. S.”—the best machine made—at our waremoms.
IN UNDERTAKING
Last week we made an offer to one of Montreal’s large clothing manufacturers to clear a complete line of Boys’ Clothing. This offer has since been accepted and today the goods are here for your inspection. The entire lot is underpriced so come quick.
BAST.
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Sat unlay afternoons. Telephone In oftifle.
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith
I Also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
F. T. M. G.
Graduate of Trinity Uatveislty, Toronto : Oradaite of Victoria Uulrarslty, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
J. H AnMSTaoKO*» Hocen,
. - tiUAWVILLE.
District and Country.
Owes asd REsmascH : MAIN STREET
Local Item.
Dentistrv.—Dr. R. S. Martin, surgeon dentist, Ottawa, will be at CftinpoaL Bay, foi one week. Commencing Monday, May 26th. Parties requiring treatment or plate will please call early.
LEGAL
lia
D. LECUERRIER,
1
BARGAINS.
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday. Thursday aud Friday of ev**ry week. Office at R. McC. Ritchie's residence
Employees of Winnipeg street railway have received an increase of one cent an hour.
The degree of L.L D., was conferred ‘I upon Hon. Geo. W. R am by Me Master University.
Chinese have been smuggled in large numbers into th$ United States via the Thousand Islands.
Ottawa is receiving- offers from several telephone companies demir-us of installing a system in opposition to the Pell.
The hand of God in saving the life of Queen Wilhelmina, was publicly acknowledged at a thanksgiving service in the
Hague.
Bandsman William Rutledge, of the * I Northumberland Fusiliers, whose height is fifty incbo\ is said to bo the smallest sold'er in the army.
Headquarters for
UP-TO-DATE GOODS
BOOBBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L, L
G.F. HODGINS
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
WM- GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 28, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Stiawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
-Mnce-over a. F. Hodglne’ Store, Main St.
P.S. Big rush here for the Ladies’ Sailor Hats, 25c., 35c., 45c.
CEO. C. WRIGHT
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AO*,
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
ASK FOl=?
9
INDIA
PALE
LADYSMITH.
J. P. OHONAU
The ni* j* »»iuetttsry estimats*, brought down in the Co n?n c i, aiu¦•unt to $3,-739.81)1, mtk'ng the total for the next
Trust Buij^gpAvlLS Street, Ottawa
I
Phene No. 1324
Attends courts of Ottawa and Poutiae | ^ac#i yonr $59,153,939
Fishing Nets
ALE
The fîorernineî.t in rot mdiapoitd to niflke a grant to Captain Bernier towards his north pu'e expedition, tut nothing will be done ihia seasit n.
(LONDON)
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
ADVOCATE, dto.,
law chambers }
•I
No substitutes used. At the proper age it is bottled and consumers are offered an absolutely pure, sparkling and delicious beverage, and tonic. It refreshes the body and quenches the thirst.
F or Agency, address 3 St. Poter Street, QUEBEC.
HULL, • • QUE. Hon. James Sutherland it trying to
arrange for a conference of Provincial
sàrs;.ï:“5S;r‘i""
Hi Ate remittances. Special attention to Ferd.r.and Lemieux ex-cashier of the
correspondent*.	______|defunct Banque Ville Mine, who has
been serving a sentence in St. Vincent da Paul Penitentiary, has been released on ticket of leave.
, , • • ELUd . • • •
Fishing Tackle
Heavy anow storms are reported from Northwestern Spain.
The Quebec Government purpose holding a sale of timlxer limits at Quebec on Tuesday, June 3rd.'
The Canadian Pacific Railway Company has placed au older with the Rcgsra Company, of Paterson, N. JWÊÊÎËt[M ten-wheel locomotives to be delivered at sn early date. Altogether the railway has ninety Ircomotivfs under construction to be turned out this year.
W. W. IRELAND,
0
of all kinds.
McDOUGALL & CUZ2TER,
Hardware Merchants, - - • Sussex St. Ottawa.
Bold Thief at Smith s Fails
Icier k of the District Magistrat os' Court, i l^hrador has an area of 200,000 square Commissioner and Conveyancer. Dee s,, mj|ea< anci ^e census returns of 1001 Mortgages, etc., executed legally an sa e* show a total population of only 3*532, a factorily.	falling off of 472 from the returns of the
QUE. preceding census.
For cheek wo admira the thief who broke into Smith's Falls station last Thursday afternoon. The screen before the ticket window was pried off. Tnis gave entrance to the til), from which $15 in change and bills wai removed. A passenger seated in the ladies waiting room, close by, heard the robber at work but supposing him to be a workman, paid lo attention. The slick ysitor, timed his visit well, as there was a lull in business following the departure of the trains for Ottawa and Montres1. Nevertheless employees and others were pissing to and fro in had view of the ticket window in the general waiting room, where the man secured entrance to the cash box
behind him, and it was * ith this instrument he evidently did his work. The affair is being investigated.
for four new
8HAWVILLE
at A A\y Q^I ! A Coroner* jury at Hamilton found S. A. M AC KAY, D. V. L-,,	! that Robert Murraylcame to his death by
|E=HBE
BRYSON, - - QUE.	|tnce, «asegainêt them.	jjgt
Will be In Shawville on Tuesday of Be very week.

Used X Rays to Locate Bullet
PATENTS
Will Hurt Canada
Another triumph in surgery warn summated at tha Protestant hospital at Ottawa recently through the medium ot
the wonderful X riys. Ernoit McGill I write for our interesting books Invent,
trrî.yv.r; sSsSSc
iîïïÏÏ^-.T“. ™ w jjd .t; jjj» SSSSS
able result warn that abullet lodged m Me- /	references furnished,
Gill’s leg. Dr Metcalfe was .called in (	MARION A MARION
and he was not absolutely certain of the \ PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
locality of the laden bullet. He brought
McGill to Ottawa and had him tiken to
the Protestant hrspttal Dr Metcalfe
used the X rays on the leg of the patt-
ition of
con
PROMPTLY SECURED
Winnipeg, May 13.—A leading catt’e exporter here says the removal of embargo against Argentine cattle by Great Britain will be a blow to the Canadian export trade in that line. He says that owing to the cheapness with which Argentine can raise cittle the Canadian product will have to be told at such a low price as to leave little or no profit.
Mont Peiee Active.
ORgAT FLASH EM Of LIGHT EMITTED—PEOPLE ARK BECOMING PANIC* STRICKEN.
Fort De France, Island of Martinique, May 16—Great flashes of very bright light were emitted from Mont Pole# between lOand 11 o’clock Isstnight. They were visible from here. Thick glowing red oîoods interspersed with flashes of light were issuing from the volcano this morning. Showers of cinders, lasting for 20 minutes accompanied the activity. The people in the districts of Lorrain, Marigot, Sainte Marc and La Trinité panic |tricken.
Mr. P. W. R jsseman, general superintendent of the Ottawa, Northern A Western and Pontiac Pacific Junction Railways, has issued the following circuler : Mr. H. B. Sims is appointed LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County I	engineer, vice Mr. G. C. Dunn,
'saaa: I
or private «ei.11 on^rta»o¦ »b ternfi.PPuI A lad in Kingston atole a bicycle, tie lie sales conducted at Shawvllle once a was arrested, but being of somewhat ten-month. A variety of *rllolwe.®. alf5lB/e 00 der years, the Magistrate thought that band tor .ale; orfc. : 8b.wTltle.Que. | ^	take Solomon’s advice and ad-
minister the youngzter a much needed lesson. He ordered the boy to be whipped I by a policeman, but whether a slipper or I rawhide was used, is not recorded.
J. J. TURNER,
Office at Ottawa
He loft an old pocket knife
mm#
r, Q Sut reyore Asandatioa, Assoc. Member tsa. SooUy of Civil Bugiueers.
Of riots: { Jtlamtic* Befiomc0. wSaenit if*
Mamed by Telephone
ent and discovered the exact poe the bullet. Dr Klot7 operated successfully and removed the 6u let. 1V1 c ? » i i i h complete recovery will be a matter of only a few weeks.—Citizen.
G. Mlialilsoi
A WIDOW AND MERCHANT COURTED BY MAIL AND THEN WEDDED BT TELEPHONE.
PRACTICAL
Cobden has a new industry--the ship-WÀTCHMAM.ER | meut of marl, which is obtained about a
lake on the farm of Mr. John 8ammon in R< si townahi
The Groom Failed to Appear
Cincinnati, 0., April 23.—A Dayton, Ky.t widow and a Hopkinsville man will meet to-day for the first time, after having been married over the long distance telephone, in the drug store of A. E. Goetz, Dayton. They have never seen each other befe re. The telephone charges were $23. The contracting patties were Mrs. Gertrude 0»1 agher, a young widow of Dayton, end Theodore Cohen, a merchant of UopkinaviVo, Ky. The bride accompanied by her
A report comes from Montreal that the many guests entered the etc re and ro CPU. machinists east of Fort William, quested the use of the telephone. I he numbering nearly 500 men,-have been party took seats around the telephone granted an increase of wsges amounting booth and the R?v. Dr. Harding took the to about 10 per cent, on tho present receiver from the bock and asked h r schedule. The men asked fer an in- Hopkinsville, Ky. Tho bridegn mi creaeo of 15 per cent According to the answered. The minister propounded the arrangements made, the minimum hourly usual questions to the bridegroom who wage wim increased as follows : Bake Su- evidently gave satisfactory answers. The perior division, east of Cartier, 20 to 24 ceremony occupied lu minutes. The cents * west of Cartier, 22 to 25 cents ; bride was ushered into the booth and Ontario and eastern division, 20 to 22 answered the usual Questions propounded cents ; Atlantic division, 17* to 21 cents; by the minister at the other end of the The men express themselves as well wire. The courtship was earned on by •atafie j with the arrangement.	cot re epon dente»
The Condor1» Fats
* The Almonte Gazette says : There wae disappointment in a home on Queen at.
¦¦
culated but no one seems to know anything definite about bis present location rhy he marred the happiness cf hie
Delaheye Broe. have Mr G. A Holland, of
hp
JEWELLER
tun
A SELECT STOCK OV
W&H» I T** wind storm of last week did oon-jewellery. aiderable damage to rafts and booms silverware ] along the Ottawa River. Booms of Gil
' lis Bros., Braaide were broken and thousands of logs scattered. Many boat-houses were also shattered and carried away At Pembroke the damage to boat-houses was very great.
a coutiact wit Montreal, to take out 2,000 tons during the present season.
J
are
The C P R. Machinists
Ac. âc
Repairing—•
l A SPECIALITY
SHAWVILLE, Q.
Wr
Bailiff Mitchell, of Pembroke, recently went to David Robinson's at Locksley to At the last meeting of the Pembroke I take away a horse which he had seized
town council the board of health report- for taxes. Robinson threatened that if ed that the number of cases of smallpox Mitohell took the horse he would shoot there since 1st January had been fifty, him. When the bailiff wts taking the that the town is now free from the dim- animal Robinson brought out the loaded sod that the c >et of the epidemic gun and in the scuffle it went off, but •inei that date had been almost $1,600. without injuring either of the men. A The board urged the counoil to teke im- warrant was issued for Robinson's arrest mediate steps towards the erection of a but the constable was unable to find properly equipp>d isolated hospital. I h«m.	I'E	L _
Many repoits have keen eir
Col. Pella:t’a offer to take the Q.O.R. bogle band to tho coronation has bien
or w bfflancid
accepted
r



###PAGE###6###
F*
:
THE MOUNTED IH F All TR Y,
cent ago of the food consumed of nny of our farm stock. It costs less to produce a pound of pork than to produise a pound of beef. The pig utilizes twenty per cent, of the food consumed, while the ox utilizes but
eight !>er cent. The pig is one ot WL	N	I _
tho best sources of ready revenue Men Who Couldn't Sit a Horst on the farm,	Now Ride as Well as
A largo digestive capacity is of	Any Boer,
prime importance in meat-producing A Jüttcr received from neuter'# animals, and in this particular the NlK,vjfti correspondent at Klerkadorp, hog stands pre-eminent among our ^ accompanied Col. KawUnaon's
fanu stock.	column In tho Inst great “drive” in
Early maturity being of great im- [)m Wt,sU,rn Transvaal, refers in
Portance in our pigs, wo might he hj h tvrmB lo the splendid conduct Inclined to select a short, thick sow, t|iv men engaged and especially tending to fatten early, with tho the 1(egular Mounted Infantry, hope of getting this quality in the	%	g
pigs. Rut such a sow will not lx* a ,	,
good totlkcr or glyo largo litter»	emluralKo of ihe men
hence tlu-w charâeterlstice muat lie t le;lBing trult i„ tho character
readied through the sire.	0j ouv soldier# that tho bigger tho
Nho good breeding sow should 1 |j thnt i8 mado upon them the
rather long and roomy, with we readier is tho response lake them sprung ribs brand loin, deep side». ordinary 20 miles march with no unci some length of neck. l et u' naming nnd they will grumble, (live siro be shorter, more compact ned	« m » hcftVy ,lght or «i^k them to
with finer bone, which type indien v.	n rccor(j mid they are us cheery
early maturity.	ne ^hoolhevs
lC<iual parts of wheat middlings,	t0 m0 to 6C0 the sumo men
ground oats and corn-meal arc a	^ , flaW nt Orange River In
good ration for growing, pigs.	Eehruarv
«BUE*
marched less than 70 miles, and there was no halt or olT-suddle. RUTTING HER FOOT IN IT. | Many inarched 80, und some com-
pantos and Squadrons nearly 90
miles. It forms n record for marching in South Africa, and, I venture to assert, anywhere else. From 6 o'clock ono evening until 8 the next is a weary time for a man to lie in the saddle, but it was passed cheerfully by all the columns, and the Inst 'drive' deserve# to rank as one of the finest performances of the British army.
the mounted infantry.
"It is difficult to leave the subject flowers she had at home were quite Withcut a reference to tho work of equal to anything exhibited here or, Regular Mounted Infantry. There indeed, anywhere. dust as they	weems to ho an idea abroad that
were passing n giant cactus she was	tho army is composed of small units
heard to exclaim:—	of infantry thrown into a lump to,	„	,	, P "Well, this is nothing extraordin- get her with a horse and a bandolier
ly three-quarters of a pound of meal ftry , have a cactus at home that ami dubbed a mounted infantry bat-
n day ; and in eight woe e a>()llt l\still larger. 1 planted and reared talion. There may have been a time tim-bio U„S anmunV Tho Mm , jt mygolf	when this was partly true, but It
must nil be done with a t, t	"Reared it yourself?" the professor no longer holds good. We have now
food should be gnen	aft u ' • gently observed. “How remarkable!	in tho field battalions of moiuited
large proportion.	1 ny 1	' This specimen is sixty-three years old	infantry which have made for them-
thvv'wm ^'joy^hblln^ at it. Noth-	not slT^r nny	dounsurpuL^^any
lug hut dean, bright hay or grain	„at oxccuted a strategic our crack regiments. It you ask
ss .ss....... » - - ustun sxis:
wonderful islands.	through a hard mill, but they
which few visitors ever see. Au ex- have come out of »t magnificent
SOIL NEEDS FEEDING.	i," plrnished"' by volcano KuÏÏiî! have dreamed two years ago that be
Fertility depends upon n number q%is is buried under immense Know- would see soldiers who at -hat t me of renditions Before the roots can Helds, but from time to time ils I ,el1 ""their /'ormes on the least
ss t	ssr..."Ej sr jxfs KtM's	taf
soil This moisture must circulate ,,„ured from the melting ire that a loP 7 ,A'ld a 19 ‘J”1 ?°.u „
wmmrnm&m
1 lt <)U< s	1 sameness of infantry work. There is
a great feeling among both tho men and tho officers that nt least the first eight original battalions should become permanent. A great jiercentr age of this men are willing to serve for 12 years if they can remain mounted,' but they will leave army tho moment the war is over if their time is up and they arc expected to return to their regiment. These battalions have mado for themselves a name, and to disband them back to their different infantry regiments would be a loss to army which only those who have served out here can profierly appreciate."
I I spare you as 1 have been spar-^ ! eel," ho retorted. "I will tell you
____	0 what was in it: proof of the lie you
e	1^	J	H	m	have told «ml a d—proofs that the
ti	8	B*® £\ B—4 #1	1	<ni 5	E lAllfûl40 ®	golden-haired girl you have cheated
0 B M	B (C\ t Ctl 1	9 W VI 0 umJ	thr rightful daughter
1 Her face could grow no whiter; $ its pallor was dreadful to witness, t) I The quiver ing lips could utter no
# : words.

#*#«#»#*#*#«#*#*#
j FOR FARMERS j
THEIB SPLENDID CONDUCT IN
SOUTH AFRICA.
k	Seasonable and Profitable
4	hints for the Busy Tillers
*	of the Soli.
SKIMMILK CALVES.
*
*
OR
O

©
fl
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
I will show you," he continued. "Stand where you arc. 1 would rather trust to a tiger than to a . . > woman. See! Do you remember the book?"
He took from his pocket, the volume she had ho carelessly given him that fatal evening He opened it, and showed her Some folded papers lying between the leave*.
' I did nit find these till I was far from England," he said—"far out but never on tho deep seas. 1 little thought
then what 1 held in my hands. Draw she said to her- nearer that you may see." self; "how noble, how unlike all otlt- The unhappy girl made one step er men ! Ah, 1 wish— how 1 wish 1 towards him, lier eyes riveted on the could have won him and have won papers he hold.
all that is now inhr without evil or "See!" cried Ralph Ashton, mock-wrong. 1 detest wrong when T look ingly; “this is tho first proof of your at him.'
A strong hand was laid upon hrr He hold towards bora portrait, the shoulder; n hot, fierce grasp upon pictured face of a little child-a her hands.	sweet, spiritual face, with tender
•‘1 have found you!" hissed n low eyes and sensitive lips; golden curls voice into her our. " There is no nut over the littlo head. Underneath spot upon earth where you could the portrait was written, in a clear, hide from me!"	legible hand, somewhat faded;
She started to her feet with a cry "The portrait of my dear Daisy,
and given to Susan IWvem by her sincere and grateful friend, Margaret." i. "There can he no doubt about You weak, j this, I suppose?" said Ralph, sneer-¦	This faro of the child Daisj
Mi me! the wild hero is. as any one can see, the lace !	of the young girl you eaH Susan
HUIUlt	You do
have you no J semble this portrait; your hair never
was golden, your eyes never blue. You are perhaps, more beautiful, but you never looked true and guileless as this child does. 1 haw yet anoth-
6
9
@
e
Sktuunilk calves can be relied at a greater profit than nine-tenths of tlw farmers imagine, but most vf them OIS not so raised. It la not a difference between theory and practice, but u difference between methods. Fine skiyunilk calves six months old frequently bring good prices, and are very profitable if tho cost of raising them has been kept within reasonable limits.
There is some risk in the work until one ham become expbrt at it. Then It is simple and sure. The calf must be taken from the mother early. Some do it when it is a few hours old. and it is fed by hand without knowing anything about sucking. Five quarts a day divided into three meals should be all that the calf should be fed at first, and
this quantity is gradually increased up to about six quarts. The largest meals should be given night and morning and half ns much at noon. The milk should he a* near tho temperature of the milk from tho cow ns possible. All calf milk should be fid warm and sweet. Later sour milk can be fed. but in that event it must be fed sour all the time To change from sweet to sour will cause trouble. When two or throe weeks,old skimmilk can take the place of the sweet, full cream milk but the change
SHOULD BE MADE GRADUAL
SYNUl’SIS OK KlltCJSülNO CUM'TElt».—Marfciret Howard, on the eve oi depnriuro to join her secretly married husband, leaves ‘ child with Susan Hivers twd drowned at sea child, Daisy, ns | HHHH Her daughter, Margaret, alone knows Daisy's secret. Lord Lisle seeks bis chilli, ami Margaret, taking Daisy s birthright, announces herself his daughter. She falls In love with his nephew, Philip. Daisy, Lord Lisle's true daughter, loins her foster-sister, and captivates Philip, who Lord Lisle, on his death-bed, makes promise to marry Rita. Philip becomes Lord Lisle ; asks her to marry him. Ralph Ashton, to whom she is engaged. writes asking her to bo true to her promise.
replied
ant than tho house this warm day. When you have finished your letter come back for me, if you will."
Her eyes followed him until ho passed out of sight; then they wandered to t he ring.
She opened her bool read one word.
“How kind he in
riie cliff is for more pleas-
"The great feature of the was the magnificent spirit
It is a
her
the
Susan rears her own, and dies
It is a wonderful
lie 1
unnhlo even to
1900
CHAPTER, XXI
The wedding day was* fixed for the 18th of August, and it was now tie second. Lord Lisle wrote to say that if Rita felt quite recovered mid Mr?#. Wyvcrno would receive him, he should like to spend a few day8 at Sunhay.
She could not allege any excuse, neither did she wish to do so. Her marriage would give her the title and position she had longed for; hut she valued, even above that, tho love of the man she was going to marry.
She wrote a few lines to Lord Lisle - a few loving words, such as sho never used to him before— saying how pleased tho would be to see him. Years afterward, Lord Lisle read these words , and wondered nt the love of that ambitious heart foi him.
When lie arrived at Sunbay. Mrs. Wyvernv was in the house alone. Rita and Daisy had gone for a ramble on the cliffs, she said, and he had better join them.
"Philip Wyverne,
her to write some little notes foi
of more than mortal agony, stood confronting Ralph Ashton "I have found you!" he said again
v. i' l. a sneering laugh. " pitiful coward. do you think you can | ingly ever deceive me?
as
anguish of that fact
“Ralph!" she said, nt length, in ai Rivers low. hoarse voice no pity?"
"No.” he replied, "none. I ha\ come to claim my wife, and will have her!'*
“Rut," she interrupted faintly, "all ,.r proof. 11ère is a letter written that is changed now. Were I Mill tw l.otd Lisle’s wife just before she Margaret Rivers, such a thing might sail, it .seems, for India. Listen, be possible. Y .'il can see as trell a
myself the impassable distance Vt tween you and Miss Lisle."
We have all met people whoso pride in their OWH possessions is mi great This is necessary because the quan- that they ran see no charms in those tity must bo increased. Jt takes ^ others.
nearly twice as much sklmmllk ns * young botanist was showing a cream milk to produce a pound of j party of ladies and	gentlemen
flesh or fat. When the change l* through a conservatory, and ex-complete the calves can he fed near	to them the properties of
ly all	skimmilk they	cut,
but a little meal and ground grain can be added about this time to give
li
She snvs:
" I send my darling's portrait; it is just like her. May she grow up fair and innocent as she is now. Call her with a mocking laugh. pa|SV( muse, to distinguish her from “Rita," lie continued, passionately, i Vour OW!, little Rita—the pretty,
“hoxv can you think circumstances j ;,ari(_iiaired child, who will bo a sis-can change such love u* mine? Had	t01. t()	!ny	darling. Do	not let her
fortune come to mo instead of you	f0,g,.f	mo.	When you	take her in
1 should have laid it at your feet | >oUr arnis	tell her how	1 loved her—
crowned you with it—not spurned	,luW ,	llS(Xi to	her	golden curls,
and despised you. Bil word» oro useless. 1 am here to claim yum
some of the choicest plants.
Among the visitors was a would-be
lady
,	» young-looking, middle-aged i ,
them more strength and growth. At w,lo flt VVTVV description, volunteer-
lirst, put u little moistened meal in	statement that the plants and
their mouths after drinking, and they will soon acquire a taste for grain. Within a wcok they will learn to take the meal themselves from the
“There is no distance bet worn us he said
pail.
Four-week-old calves will eat near-
said considerate Mrs. will you tell Daisy I want
I have one with me."
"There is more of it,” continued Ralph, "Imt you have heard enough. The fuir-lmired, fair-faced child called Daisy, whose portrait 1 here, is Lord Lisle's daughter. You sooner deny the sun that shines in tho heavens, or the sea that rolls at. your feet, than that.”
"i do deny it.” she said
me, if she will return home at once ”
Lord Lisle promised to deliver the message. In the far distance he saw two girls sitting on the height of a tall white cliff. Lord Lisle never forgot the picture. The two faces—so beautiful, yet so unlike—standing out m bold relief against the clear blue sky, the purple heather spreading around them, and the Waves breaking [y
at their feet..	‘ Yes,’* she replied, "lie is my lov-
Ile was true. Even then lie would ov—Ia>rd Lisle and 1 have promised not look nt the fajr, spiritual face |t) marry him. There is some one to and the golden head that drooped j takc mv* pul t, and punish you if you sadly ai Daisy caught sight of him. | lie only looked at Rita, whose beauty was heightened by the bright Mush that welcomed him.
promise. Will you he my wife?
Face to face with danger she had so long dreaded, lier courage rose.
* No.” she said, "never! Ralph. 1 do not want to quarrel with you. but you must see yourself that could never he your wife!”
“Is that fair-haired aristocrat who sut here votir lover?” he asked tierce-
hold
cai
1

boldly. 1 deny
"You may do your worst it all.”
You are clever at plots and he said; "others are as You roused a demon
plans
skilled as you
when you insulted me. 1 have been to Peepdnle. 1 did not. betray you, words. Rita; but there are those living there "hôw ( who st ill remember the beautiful, years dark-eyed child of Susan River»—who
; strange lady coming
with
persecute me.
Ile rvcoilvd from lier "Good heavens!” he cried; heart less women are! Three
Alter n few words of greeting Lord ;1g0 Voll voU loved mo- j oil gave Lisle delivered his message, and im, ;xvvt.t words, sweet kisses-your Daisy turned away with a smile. , head was pillowed on my Ineast — As the house was almost in sight he, vm, yvvore you woifld In* my wife! did	not offer	to accompany her, but	you took	ray heart from me	and
sat	down in	the purple heather at	j, jn	your hands!	Now	you
Rita’s side.	lin g it hack to me, and talk of
I need not ask if you are better.” -punishing' for that very Urn lie said, gallantly; "you never looked om.,, nturned!" so well. J imagine your illness was ;
a complete	overdose of pleasure,	queenly	dignity
1 am	amazed when I think of	mv uf my	pasl folly— I	regret it
Indies I «Folly!
it for this 1 have toiled all
>
owner- more animals
world's most
remem bvi
and bringing tin* little Daisy
¦ ri>w^
to your identity— and to She clasped her hands with
You
who would
hvi
swam
a low cry. and lie continued
brave me and defy me; but re -, surely as you court in* tpiiry, ho surely is your cauw lost.
she said, with a gesture	The evidence 1 hold here is too
Ho not remind	strong, the evidence that can he
obtained in Iteepdale is stronger L still. You will have no chance. You these will lose tie* name, the rank. tie* is	this	the welcome you give	position, the fortune you have won—
Do	\on	remember that night	nh! and you will lose that fine lover
before	I	left	you in the garden at	nf yours! Men of that stamp do not
Huron's Lynne?"	wed cheats and liars
"Hush!” she said again, imper- would his love survive tho knowledge 1 will not be reminded of ()f what you have done?"
Not one moment—she knew it; she continued, more anli the truth of his words struck you must see everything is j,er )j|<c a sharp sword. The ring
may you memhvi
Hush
Rita
ill the toil you fashionable
In* cried
Oh, Rita
undergo.”
She made some laughing reply
\ .'.Irs
ml then they sat for some mnnih-s j m(l.,
the smiling, sunny
rapidly from the surface ¦ ¦¦ settles down like brick dust after n heavy rain cannot for several
produce well. Nature has a remedy for these coalitions, and tc succeed- wc must at least imitate Nature by the decomposition o-organic materials in the soil, pro duces what is known as humus, which tends» to correct the above evils. . It makes the soil light and flat ulent, prevents packing from Jiar.i rains and facilitates circulation o< both air and water in the soil ns is best suited to the needs of vegetation. No soil can be/highly fertile without humus. Batmyard manure owes much' of its value to the humus produced by the rotting of organic gg . Green manuring is a coinmethod of producing humus
in silence breaking with a musical murmur at their feet.
sea
rea
How ' long
sons
* * **# . ..
• •
rhv measure of her content was
mil the toon she loved better than all the world sat at her side. When Lord Lisle spoke again his voice had changed— there was drop emotion in every tone.
ion s I.\
those times; they arc nothing to me Surely Ralph gently
changed l should lose all iny friends j jjo had given lier gleamed and glia-my fortune, my position, everything ' tenetl in the sun. She laid her lips I value most, if 1 became your wife.") upon it with a passionate cry.
To be Continued.
c
ABCDtr
She was safv
full
her
c •
tho

5»
"Rita,” he said, producing a small morocco case, “there was one strange omission at the time of our betrothal. I gave you no brought you one now it upon your finger, and will you promise me never to remove it?”
lit* never forgot the love that show? in her dark eyes as she raised them to his face.
your new
"So your new name friends, your wealth and grandeur, the real barriers between us? 1 ring; 1 have can remove them, Rita! may I place
r
i —
AM	To prom to you that Dr.
Mg B A A Vhwi'fl Ointment ten certain I IlC^I and absolute cure for mc?i •	and every form of Itching
/	bleeding and prot ruling pile#
I the manufacturer» have guaranteed il. Secte#
are
he said
the
doggedly.
A look of startled fear broke the proud calm of her face.
"Once, and for the last time.


-?
timon Me in the daily preas nnd ask yourneigl. bor# what they think of it. You can use it and grt tour money back it not cured. 00c a box. at all dealers or kdm anson. Bates k Co..Toronto.
Dr. Chase’s Ointment
matter
w ill you keep your promise t
Answer m*' “conic »ln
said
me, (tod be my wift
"Never
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
A diplomat is a man who knows
how to hold his job.
Wise is the man who knows when to make a long story short.
When a fool gets angry he opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.
Many men believe that honesty in moderation is the l>est policy.
Love doesn't laugh at tho smith often enough to enable to pose as a professional humorist. HHUHHM* WSmm resemble th« soils of old mother earth ; some are deep and rich and some are shallow and poor.
Before noon a man is hopeful oi accomplishing something by night. After noon he sidetracks his hopes for use next day.
mon n
The farmer* should at proper season* under all the vegetable material
she replied
! will never remove it, Philip.”
While you live in
turn
at Hand, provided it has no great market value. In this way he returns the contained nitrogen to the soil which otherwise is lost, and enlivens his soil by increasing the humus. Do not, however, turn under valuable crops. Sell th^fn and) plow under something cheaper. When dit ions arc favorable, the most profitable method of utilizing such a crop is b>< pasturing or feeding and returning the excrements to the land. In this way you get the value of your crop and yet return almost nil the plant food to the soil.
she said gently mv heart, that ring shall remain upon my hqjid
Sill
¦ i prise when lie opened the and took from it one of the prettiest and most costly rings she had ever It was of pure pale gold; one
may
lfis face grew livid with un#r: "Without doubt,” he said the fair-haired stripling who
supplanted me?”
“You may as well truth,”'she said, recklessly love him!"
i
you love has
GRAINS OF GOLD
a cry of pleasure and
gnv<
When in doubti tell the truth.— Samuel Clemens.
What makes life dreary &s want of motivc —( » eorge Eliot.
A laugh is worth a hundred groans in any market.—Charles Lamb.
know the 1 dj

lock-
con-
seen
large diamond of the first water was surrounded by small but magnificent rubies.
him
“Then go to him,” lie said hoarsely; "go and tell him you are a living lie—a false, mean traitress! Tell him you httvg stolen u name and a birthright—that you are Margaret Rivers, mvl no more Lord lisle’s
daughter than l am! and in his turn he will spurn you’” He stopped in the midst of his burning torrent of words, frightened at the white despair that came into
* V t
* •/
Tho minds of men
Honest good humor is the oil and wine of a merry meeting.—li ving.
man who e i
Jell him that, energy on persuits for which he is
not fitted—Gladstone.
ANYBODY COULD SEE THEM.
"Do you sec specks before your eyes ?” inquired the oculist.
“Why, 1 wear 'em right nlong, you chump !" answered Uncle Nchemiah, with some vexation. “Can’t you seo 'em 7“
Do you like it?” he asked, gently More than any jewel I have
she
replied.
He took the firm white hand In his and placed the ring on her
own
THE PIO PEN.
The pig utilizes the greatest per
If you will )>c cherished when you arc old, he courteous when you arc young.—-John Lyly.
If you wbuld hit the target, aim a little a boxe it Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth.— Longfellow.
There is nothing s<> powerful as example
walking ourselves.—Madame chine.
Have a purpose in life, and having it, throw your strength of mind and muscle into your work as Cioil has given you.—Carlyle.
Formerly we were guided by the wisdom of our ancestors; now
hurried along by the wisdom of our descendants.—Horne.
fin get
You xv il I never part with it?" he
said
"Never:	neither in life nor in
death.” she answered.
He kissed the jewelled hand.
her face.
"What do you mean?” she asked. "What can you know of me?"
• I know .'H your pretty plot from
and
Old People’s Favorite
a
"Suppose 1 am very presumptuous," he said, “and ask for a reward; shall you be very angry?"
For the first time in her life she raised her face to his, and he touched the lovely, blushing check with hi* lips
tfOginning to end,” ho retorted 1 should never have spoiled it if you had been true to me will keep your secret if you
my wife.”
She waved him from her with a sujH?rh disdain that Infuriated him.
she said, "what do you
Wis i"H others sir light by
Swct-
1
Even now
A Medicine that Invigorates the Kidneys and Liver, Takes Away the Paine and Aolioe, and Regulates the Action of the Bodily Organe—Strong Recommendation for
Dr. Chase's Kldney-llver Pills.
will l>e
Neither in life nor in death!” he heard her murmur; but he hud no clew to her thought#.	,
they sat through the long, bright summer hours, talking happily of the future that lay unruffled as the summer sen. More them. Lord Lisle saw that Rita's e.vc nevci once quitted tin* ring HI watched the diamond sparkling and
He was touch-
Teli me
Tho experience of Mr. Drown as stated in his letter below, is similar to that of scores of men and wo-wlio feel old age creeping in upon them. The kidneys grow weak and inactive, the back aches, there are
mean?
He seemed to take a pleasure in looking upon her agonized face.
"1 shall be obliged—much agatilst my will—to revert to those past times that no longer belong to you, he said niockinglg ¦¦	¦_
indeed, when I bade you
men
deposits in the urine, and pain and smarting in passing water. The legs swell, and there come pain#
iu h< s not unlike rheumatism.	I
Under such circumstances old people turn to Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills for relief ami cure, ami | not disappointed. They have learned by repeated trial that they can depend on Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills every time, and consequently they have become known as the old people's favorite medicine.
Mr. John Drown, 8(1 Nelson street. Ottawa, Ont , states ”1 am getting up in years, and having been a hard worker all my life, I am, beginning to fail. For some time past I have thought there was something wrong with, my kidneys. 1 seemed to tdoat up, was very short of breath, and feared heart dimes ne, although 1 was told there was nothing wrong with my heart. I got so bad that 1 had to do something.
"Hearing of Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills, I began using them, and by tho time I had used up the first box 1 full considerably improved. 1 continued using this medicine, and to-day feel ten years younger. I strong and hearty, and do not suffer from my former ailments. 1 consi Ur Dr. Chase’s Kidney-14ver Pills an excellent medicine for old people ’	I W *	''* -¦	~
There arc people in nearly every town, village, and country f ide road w«.v nn.ve proven the merits of Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Lixer Pills Ask your friends or, neighbors about them. One pill a dose ; 25 east/* * bos. At all dealers, or Edmmaon. Mates and Co,, Toronto*
So
xv e
art
are
Thou hast but one if alienable right, and that is the sublime one of doing thy* duty at all times, under all circumstances and in F, It. Marvin.
to that very
Sh
cvemi
farewell, and you took the oath thnt has so easily been broken ”
she said hoarsely, a# he
gleaming in the sun ed more than he cared to own by that expression on her face.
Suddenly he looked at his watch.
I must write to London "T promised not to forget. Will you return to the house, Rita, or shall I come back for you—which
all
place
(io on
paused.	¦ .
"I asked you for a keepsake, ami
you gave me an old book. Ncithei
you nor 1 knew what was fastened
ill H
lie said
Oh. see that scarecrow out
II. Thnt
It must he. Sec
Pliât’s a
M——
there in the field
\\ *
am
a scare how v uau.ii wording by the day
would
lUess it is
Do not
"What!” she gasped
toi lui 4 me, Ralph!
yo*i prefer?”
‘*1 have w&y bwk witlr gee.
etttC J





I







i.
###PAGE###7###
f
PERSONAL POINTERS
A TRAGEDY OF WAR.

MALTY'S LOVE AFFAIRS
Notes of Interest About Borne Prominent People.
Dramatic Incident of the Peninsular War.
WISE REMARKS.
The Richest iûan
HOW AND WHERE SOME OF THEM PROPOSE.
ALFRED BEIT
One of the most decorated men in Europe le Count von Failonberg.
Master of the German Emperor' s Household. He is a great favorite Interesting Gossip About with hie Sovereign, who has con-1	and Queens of Eu-
ferred on him no fewer than sixty- I	rope,
throe decorations.
After Hir Charles _ Janies Napier hud been wounded in the Jaw at
Husttco, during the Peninsular War, ___	®
in 161 u, ho rooms to have been u Wlien ®wari "ante a ri-gar he nev-patient most difficult to lx> mippres- rr Wanta R very had. sod When the shot took effect on The one redeeming feature of a Many people arc possessed of the him he was carried into the convent pawn-shop is the ticket.
Queen Alexandra is a collection I idea that, us royal marriages have of Busaco, and Anally, tiring of in- It sometimes pays to be good, but Now that Cecil Rhodes Is dead the! Beers charter they stipulated, wild- 0f tiny animals, birds and Insects, generally to lie arranged as affairs, action, ho got up from the pallet it is always good to be paid, richest millionaire In Europe, and, out dreaming that much would come cut out of precious and rare stones, of State, the prospective bridegroom | whore ho had been laid, and with perhaps, in the world, is coming out of it beyond making an impression	They	are necessarily	very small, and	| has	no occasion to woo his bride as	blood flowing freely from his wound,
from under cover. His name is on the shareholders,	that they should	Nome	are extremely	beautiful. The	the	nvernge	man would do. This, i	W(j,1t to the door to look for his
scarcely known to the general reader have a fourth part of the profits collection is quite unique, and the however, is a totally erroneous idea, borse. One of his comrades seized and his remarkable personality has after the company hud paid 80 per items have come from all parts of | a* will l>o found on reading the fol- him and led him back, saying :
been quite overshadowed by that of cent to the shareholders. Rut the the world. Many of these most | lowing authentic accounts of how Are you mad, Napier, to think The most painstaking man doesn't the Colossus,	although he was far	diamonds were	so aatoundingly pi en-	valuable	and dainty treasures	are	and where soino royalties proposed you can go back to lighting in this	always	suffer	the	most pain.
But he will be	tiful	that thla	fourth of the surplus	cut from	turquoise and jade.	to those who ultimately became i wtate ? Be quiet !"	There	are	two	kinds	of	grocers—
In many respects Rhodes' successor, turned out for the ton years before The youngest peeress at the corona- th*ir wives, says Tit-llits.	\*° 1,0 yielded and was carried grwen grocers and cash grocers
and the fierce light that beats upon the war about a million dollars e tlon will be Barones# Clifton, of | R was at Rosenberg, the palace of away to Lisbon, where he rested a throne will soon make him one of year. When it ie considered that Ldgbton Bromawold, who is two j ib« Banish royal family, that King *>me months in great suffering from the most talked-about men of the Rhodes and Beit wore likewise the aK|d a j,aif years old. Hcr diminu- Edward VII. proposed to and was j wound.
time, writes n	London correspondent,	chief	shareholders, with their 80 per	tive	which will lie exact	re-	accepted by our gracious Queen. His ! U 1» said that my	night may	be
His name is	Alfred Beit. Short	cent,	and their	three-fourths of the	presentation* of those proscribed by	Majesty—then, of course, Prince of Most," he wrote ¦	WÊÊÊÊÊÊB	|
and ugly as it Is, that name could surplus profit, one can understand the regulations for peeresses attend- Wales-first saw his wife in the why, Hannibal had but one eye !" make an otherwise worthless bit of how it is that they	didn't run short	lng the coronation,	have already	cathedral of	a Continental town,	But when his division began to
paper into a check that might be of pin money.	been	ordered. Baroness Clifton is	and	was so	impressed with her !	pursue Massena, and one combat
used to shake Wall Street and Lorn- SUFFERED BY AFRICAN WAR. one 0f tj,e ten peeresses in their own beauty that he determined to secure followed another, ho could no longer bard Street to their foundations. of course the war cut of! most ol right in the realm.	i nn introduction on learning who the bcar to remain inactive. With his
Whether ho is really richer than John this income and Mr. Belt doubtless Mr Prank T Bullen the well- Pr,ncefifl wa8- Tho result of that in- wound «till bandaged, ho rode ninety D. Rockefeller, Is a question Belt j feels the pinch of poverty severely, known writer of sea stories' went Production was that a short time cs °	the army. Jlo found
¦WSBiiiw^*r
liiflt ten yoxrs the world will not ph® r»<Tw„J£ Lh . droXe Uirough her park to have a thc simple gift, and whleered -Yes- "(’aptuin Napier of the Forty-have to wait much longer before get- **ho‘J""ia ln	“U®h,,	Kood look- w,u>n she &ot homc she loud enovgh for her companion to thlrtl- mortally wounded."
ting its first sight of a billionaire.	sympathy with Rhodes ae,lt out for lerge trayB of unow, hca,. Jhlrhlg tho remainder of their Charles Napier looked after
%s:::=s= Erzrzf “ essuks
tho Chartered Company	ever since	j stock is listed at high premiums R	had 0j nine, has been for tho past	White Lodge,	Richmond Park, was
the first Mutabclc war	said to the	be imagined how great is the	two yeara a diking figure in Geneva	thc P,ace wherc	our present Prince of
writer:	"I venture to predict that j influence ho exercises. Like Rhodes for hi8 wonderful talents have at- Wu,cs wooed tind won thc heart of
Beit, who has been known only ns a Win, he doesn’t speculate, and the I tracted the attention of all Switzer- rrincCMS MaX- The Prince went on a financier up to now, will	be found be-	confidence in his judgment and finan-	,ftnds He is cal|tMj , ^he littlo Moz-	visit ,or 11 fvw	wecks to hls s,stcr-
fore long taking up and	carrying to	finl integrity are so great that there	art» ttnd the . ^ond Paganini."	the Budiess of	Fife, who lived at
completion some of the empire-build-!*3 a ^hole swarm of little follows The Conservatoire of Geneva, where ‘^hcen House, near the Park gates, ing work Rhodes left well begun but "Rh only $10,000,000 or $20,000.- for . aomo time lie was a pupil, KverX daX His Royal Highness could only half done. I have reason to be- J00 "}nisce roady to Put a3 much 119 granted him a diploma as virtuoso bc socn tolling down Sheen Lane, lieve that Beit caught some of ho tisks for Bito any scheme he has lttSt june. At tho ago of three a lcttdinK to Whitc Lodge, and it was
Rhodes' enthusiasm for Imperialism on bttnd*	baby violin was put into his hands, %* lb<: ^ardons ro,l,ld	mansion
to such an extent that he will even- ONE OF TIIE QUIET KIND. and at four ho began the serious l 10 ttlc a-H-important ques-tually put money into it without What manner of man is it who has study of tho violin.	U?n* ....	.	4, ..
thought of getting it back, Just as tho grip on more power over human One day thc German Emperor and r " ' ’	fth ,lI,!ju.1^
ing to hold tho world's attention, none of the taste for bluffing that the snowballs hit the monarch on Thk wle Vn nvv,n.fni ,inv
iEEHrHrEiB 5Etss«5k .	ir Er”!,: SCSSSSr#
‘MW.*.» mahy ways, s	y sa Sr?. ™ Ks suss
lliis mysterious multi-millionaire courteous, reticent, well-balanced man little fellow, "and we'll call it after	thnt i l	k
was born in thc same year. 183». ns in the world.	s(1unre." at which there wa» more	htode^tionLhor andpropot
tho man Into whoso shoos he Is ex- A man .who has dined occasionally laughter.	C(1 t0 hcr nnd th|lt sho had accepted
pecio, to sto„ Like Rhodes, he is a in He, l a Park Lane house says he,, when the Ki, visitc(1 lhe Duchegs him. knowing that I should up- ,As JT<rbo,t (iardner, Lord Biirgh-bachelor, and for tho same reason un admirable host; not effusive, ccr-| , Fj( : Hrlirhton tho children were prove."	clore, sat in the House of Commons
that Rhodes and Kitchener got the	tahUy but simple and cordial	and	#omcwhat p^ish 'and troublesome. It was at	the same place, i.e.,	“ Liberal member for Saffron Wal-
ernd,t of being woman-huters-be-	genuine Jhc house it self has	been	and tl.e„te<l their grandfather with	Rosenberg, the scat of the Danish	dv'1 f»r many years.	He was presi-
ppnpi	S3 m M ipppl iSiMm
tie foi society, although there is a prossutc of a button, becomes a daughter, the Duchess. “Now what bis	Ho bad made up his mindlvon* ,b°y bavc one other daughter
plenty of exclusive peers who seem	beautiful series of waterfalls, delight-	cun j do to nmu#0 them bcfore £	long before	that if ho married it I	besides tho two who	have been lion-
glnd to accept an invitation to dine	mg the eye and cooling ’the	air.	go ?., Hcr 1{oval Highness who is	would be to	whom ho pleased rather	omi by thu Quepn
with him at his beautiful house in Choice dinners are given there occa-	passionately devoted to lier children	than one commended to him by his! Coronation echoes arc	heard from
Hark Lane, England, and although sionally, and high and mighty folk	exclaimed joyfully —“Oh how good	counsellors for State reasons. His	ail directions. We read	of children
many a titled mamma is said to are often among thc guests but most	of vou , jf VJU would'not mind	choice fell upon Princess Alix, and n	who have been born in	these early
have tried to capture him for a son- ot them arc business connections of skipping with them for half an hour P*rty was arranged at Rosenberg to | da>*s ol coronation year being named in‘law-	the host ***	ono way or another, and	or	flo jn tho	garden	they wouId ljC	allow Nicholas to meet this royal !	Coronius and Corona.	And, refer-
Like Rhodes, again, he gave	no	in-	women are	rarely included.	st)	delighted "	Iiis Majesty relating	l«-«Jv. Accounts differ regarding the j	ring to this subject	of names, a
dication in youth	of being	anything	Alfred Belt.	tlli8 the next day to tho Prince	of	actual 8Pot where tho proposal took	daughter of Sir	Francis Knollys,
unusual, lie was	born in	Hamburg	It is dramatic to	picture a multi-	Wales, said, slilv :_"I certainly	pltiCC- Some say the Czar proposed	private secretary	to the King, bears	A gnat can	cause an	elephant	to	lie
forty-nine years ago, coming	of	an	millionaire	ns working harder than	‘skipped’—but	not in	tho garden."	during an evening party ; others	the name of Louvima,	which is form-	down and	roll	over,	hut	in	the	after
old, solid Hebrew family, not	vastly	any of his	employes, and as being	f	that ho did so in thc garden round from the letters of	the names of	dust	kicked	up	by	the	operation	the
wealthy, but rich enough to	give him	obliged to live	like	Rockefeller	on ^ *10 dcn*b ^r* «Ionics Dick,	thc	the palace whilst out for a walk	lhe Princesses Louisa', Victoria and	gnat is seldom	discernible	to	til#
a good education	in the	German	crackers and	milk—providing	one	gutta-percha king, of Glasgow,	re-	with the Princess. Tho latter ao-	Maude*	naked eye.
schools and get him n good place in can't go to tho other extreme and	ea,ls nI‘ interesting story in connue-	count, however, is generally regard-	Sir Francis' sister, the	Hon Clmr-
a banking-house. Ilis luck began have him light hls cigars with thous-	tion with his marriage. As is well	cd as correct.	lotto Knollys, has been Queen Alcx-
when ho was 22 and was drawn to and dollar bills and have his pet Known, Mr. Dick married rather late	——	_ andra's companion for twenty years
î mth Africa by news ol the diamond poodle's teeth filled with gold—which *n **f@, and his method of proposing FARTHING- HANK NOTFS and will act in an important rape discoveries. Ho got there a little last manifestation is a matter of re- Wu8 unique. It was just prior to	’ ' city at the coronation,
before Cecil Rhodes	arrived in	tho	cord in the history of TIooley. But,	bjs I^*P found the world, and ho was	Bank notes for about a farthing
hope of keeping out	of the early	unfortunately, this quiet, courteous	voting his various establishments	each circulate freely in Paraguay,
grave to which his	physicians	had	little German Jew does not come up	ff*vo a *ew words of advice to his	takes two notes to get one’s boots
to any of these requirements. He	employees. In talking with the	blacked and eight to pay the postdoes not even work hard nowadays	raalia£er<*s of one place of business	atfÇ of a letter to England. Yet one
and spends a good deal of time rid-	hc referred to his trip, and she, in	of them will buy in season fifteen
ing, a recreation of which he is as	11 lttll8,li|ig manner, said "I wish	oranges, three bananas, or a water
fond os Sir Charles Dilke. He has 1 were *oing with you." “Well," re- melon, succumbed to the fascinations of p,lod Mr* I)ick’ "how long would it golf, too, and although by no means tuko you to get rcady ?" "0h‘ an a bon vivant, he seems to get a good hour op tW0‘ ' sl,e answered, keeping deal of quiet enjoyment out of life. up lbc, j<,kv I U full for you in
CAN'T C.F.T NKAit HIM.	Ki, L they were
Reticence seems to be tho Beit mot- ried tho sarao day. to. It is harder to get into his business offices in Bishopgate Street— the finest business offices in the city— than it is to get into tho sanctum sanctorum of thc Bank of England; and as for seeing thc man himself on any business short of a million also for some personal reason, you cannot * even approach his private secretary's private secretary without an introduction. The clerks in his
,	. .	« ,. jj *| ami , employ include Several members of
grwt raptniiis of tho South African lhe nriHtocrncv, ami
gold industry. He is credited with 1 having transformed South African gold mining from a speculation into a steady, well organized, conservative business. Ho had the wit to import the highest quality of machinery and to pay prodigious salaries to such mining engineers as John Hays Hammond, Henna» Jennings, and Louis Seymour to advise and superintend this huge enterprise, which before the war was putting out $90,000,000 worth of precious metal a year, and which, besides paying heavy taxes to Kruger, turned $20,000,000 a year of profit over to its shareholders.
This lucky son of Hamburg was grubbing along with only a meagre two or three millions in 1900. Most of thc stream of wealth that lias poured into his coffers ever since came from thc gold of Johannesburg and the diamonds of Kimberley.
Some of lb# diamond fortune was pure luck. When Rhodes, Beit, and poor Barney Uavnato became life governors under tho original De
&
In the
World.	2
Tho villain is always caught in tho net—usually tho last act.
Most women regard bachelors good husbands gone to waste.
richer than Rhodes
Debt is disgraceful, but not t>eing able to get into it is often more
80
Truth is stranger than fiction, lie-cause there is less of it on tho mar-
'But if it goes.
ket
Most pooplo aro as bud am they look, and the root tiro a great deal worse.
A man must make his own way in the world while a woman merely lias hers.
It is a hard matter to convince the brass band that is isn’t the whole procession.
Ml
are tho ones who permit their children to annoy other people.
Indulgent mothers
The amateur photographer is responsible for a good many of life’s thc I misrepresentations.
Mankind is divided into two classe»—those who ride bicycles and those who dodge them.
Tho average woman is net or so Part of Two Pretty Children in the happy as when trying to answer an
Coronation.	! unanswerable argument.
QUEEN’S TRAIN BEARERS
Making love to a woman is like
All conversation hero ultimately, turns to thc King’s coronation. One u*in* tobacco-it sometimes keeps a
of thc latest unci most interesting de- Inau B*oni worse vices, tails of that royal spectacle is the sc- Cyclists evidently have a poor lection of the two little daughters of opinion of pedestrians, as they arc Lord Burghclero, pronounced "Bur-1 constantly running them down, clair,*' to attend Queen Alexandra at
When a woman begins running the ceremony They will serve in the!after a man, the first notice of it is capacity oi train bearers, and two
prettier children for the distinguished task could not he found in all England. says a London despatch.
The Ladies .Juliet and Althea Gardner, for their father is better known as Mr. Herbert Gardner than as Lord Ilurghclere, are especial favorites of the Queen. She is fond of having them around her, and it was
eagerness to delight tho childish mind, A pair of lovers may be talkative that dictated their selection for posts enough in public, but when they aio of honor in the coronation procès- alone they are always sure to Ik:
close-mouthed.
given by the way thc man’s women folks act.
No matter how loose an engagement
ring may be slips round on the inside of a lady's /i uger. '
Tho man who has some scheme to enrich his fellow man nearly always has patches on the south section of his trousers.
tlie diamond never
sion
When a girl tells i young man that sho dreamt about hiui inc night before, it is high time for him to 1*0 very careful.
never knows anything another woman's character
A woman about
unless it’s something the other woman ought to he ashamed of.
A man often decides that ho cannot afford to marry, hut when he is really in love he marries and doesn't caro whether he can afford it or not !

During a recent snowfj.il, it was interesting to note what an exact line a man can draw with his shovel, between his own premises and his next door neighborV.
DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND
CUBES FOR RHEUMATISM
surrendered him.
Beit made money as n. diamond merchant ut Kimberley and invested it in diamond mines, which brought him in touch with young Rhodes, who was laying the foundations of his portion by his scheme for consolidating tho diamond interests—-a scheme that proved to he a lucky one to licit. In fact, Beit seems to have been Rhodes' chief helper in thc business.
LEADER IN SOUTH AFRICAN
MINES.
j A doctor, who was somewhat of a wag, met one day in the street a ' sexton with whom he was well acquainted.
As the usual miDilutions were passed tho doctor happened to cough.
' Why, doctor/1 d 1 be sexton.
It is curious to note at this June- peculiarities of rheumatism that the “you have got a bad cold. How tore that Lord Methuen bears a cures prescribed for it are more mini- ]ong have you hud that ?" seriously,1.singularly	ill-omened name. Me- crons than the varieties of the ail-
mar- thuen," as a Welsh word, means ' to nient itself
fail," and in Hebrew, "are dead." A brief enumeration of remedies includes horsechestimts. wintergreen niVnta tablets. electric rings, magnetic watch charma, red flannel bandages —white flannel is considered of no efficacy—goats’ milk, calisuyu, horse hair poultices, raw onions carried in coat pockets, and ice cream soda.
These nro only a few of the best
There Are 1,437 Remedies for
Up to Date.
Tho latest computation of the number of distinctly rheumatism cures puts it at 1,437. It is one of tho
MEANING IN A NAME
"Look hero, Mr. Sexton," said the doctor, with a show of indignation, "what is your charge for inter-
*>*’
"Throe dollars," was the reply.
"Well," continued he, "just come into my surgery and I will pay it. I don’t want to have you calling round and so anxious about n y health."
licit branched ont into the banking business, becoming n partner in thc firm of Jules Forges & Co., predecessors of the present great firm of Wevnher, licit & Co. When gold was discovered in the Transvaal Beit was on the ground floor again, and with his Johannesburg partner, Hermann Eckstein, soon became one of tho
The so ii was soon even with known remedies, and do not include |,jm however.
several which.owe their fame to combinations of sundry ingredients. One old-fashioned cure is made up of a pint of old nlo and a small measure of grated horseradish put in a jar or demijohn and allowed té stand over night, after which a glass is drunk l>ofore each meal.
In favor of many of the established whimsical rheumatism remedies, it is to be said that they are usually
palatable tK/IÊftÊÊÊÊÊKIIÊhKIKi
and ore generally harmless, recalling
in this particular the case of thc patient for whom rock-and-ryo was prescribed and who declared that it did him great benefit—even with the rock candy loft out.

T,
l'?$\
“Ah, doctor," he replied not afford to bury you yet. has never been
Since yoti began to practise."
the above neither party has ventured to juke at the expense of thc other.
“I CUll-Husines»

k
hiZWa
so good as it has
nearly all of them are Oxford or Cambridge men. Even yio office boy is cultured.
Although this South African potentat# is not as In visit in hi* gifts as Andrew Carnegie and Pier pont Morgan and has even got the credit of being rather cold toward charity, I am told by a man who ought to know that his personal gifts in the name of his firm have exceeded those of the Rothschilds in the last ton years. An intimate associate credits him with having given half a million dollars to broken down South Afri- ' can friends since tho war began. It is aide said that he pays the best salarie# of any employer in London.
Almost the only unusual thing1 about Tills pltltocrat Is his passionate fondness for the theatre. He has no country house and never leaves | London except on business trips.5 I

Since

conversation
7

r
WHAT JACK COULD IX i.
Penelope—"All light, Jack, you can be bought cheaply may put tho ring on my finger and
we'll call it engaged, but it i it l*e definitely understood that you are to have but one kiss a day and one dunce at each hup. for you dance horridly, and 1 don’t like to kiss a man without a moustache. I mu to go boating, riding, or walking with any fellow I please, dance as much an I please, flirt with whom I please. You are to give up smoking, car* of its causes is so hide- playing, and wine, and, finally, you
arc not t*> i around after m«i .ill to the time, for Fm not going to hare for rheumatism Is my enjoyment spoiled just because
I’m enga
Jack (her humble slave)—"Well, but, Penelope, tell me what 1 can do ?”
Penelope—"You can read •Léunyson and think ol too.
\
\
Rheumatism appear* m so many forms, it affects or afflicts so many persons, it is so readily connected with weather conditions and the j knowledge finite and on some points so much disputed, that the provocation
readily understood, though this fact docs not moderate the general conviction of acute sufferers from rheumatism that the remedies so freely offered them constitute an aggravation of the disease.




The chronometers made for the warships of the U.S. navy cost $400 THE a piecç.	fc 19
MEXICAN IS LOOKING FOE HIS BURRO. VHERE IS HIS
- 3	bubo t	m

9 »

<




_



;

É
###PAGE###8###
- *wr -r. *¦	-*
MM
W-*T



E. HODCIHS & SON’S A DVT.
I
DO YOU WANT TO
. . SAVE MONEY ?
HOLD UP
TEA!
¦
TEA!
Do you want to buy GOOD GOODS
CHEAP? If you do come and examine our Shoes. We do not sell—to sell—but to satisfy. We guarantee satisfaction in any
line we carry.
a minute and read this, If your, clothes arc beginning to approach a condition of innocuots* deftSOtmlo, which will make it necessary to jlscud them. We want your patronage not for one time only, but permanently. If we can get the former xve are certain to secure the latter. Why i Our stock is so large we will have the kind you want. By selling ho many Saits It enables us to sell so cheap. Our fit and workmanship are all right.
TEA!
We are now showing a full line of
J apans
BOOTS ana SHOES
and
made in the latest styles, from the best manufacturers, and sold at a very close
margin.
Inspection invited. No trouble to show Goods.
Ceylons.
A. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
Unequalled Japan Tea
17 to 20cts.
*
SHAWVILLE.
M. STEWART
The Barondale Veterinary IVjedicines.
DO YOU USE YOUR OWN JUDGMENT WHEN BUYING OR DO YOU DEPEND
ON A SALESMAN'S ADVICE ?
Ceylon Green

Salada, 25 to 35cts.

v» j
'Jfcr-iC,
*

Ceylon Black
Salads, 40, 50, to 60cts.
Don you realize that his advice may be influenced by the large profit that there is in some makes ? Study the situation. Compare quality and price. Be critical. Study every detail. We are willing to abide your judgment.
9
After Using
Before Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
Xnimals this season of the year recuire something to purify the blood, remove the old coat of hair, restore the appetite and put him in a healthy condition for the Soring work. Our condition medicines is highly endorsed, by all who use it. Wc have many testimonials testifying to its good results. Once tried, always used.
Testimoniai — About as bad a case of heaves as ever developed in a horse, developed (n one brought to my stable recently. 1 was in a great way to cure him if possible, but so had was it I had very little hope of doing anything for it. The Barondalk	rvnPCC
Heave Cure was recommended to me and 1 procured a bottle. gave him only |il^|n two doses, one in the evening and one in the morning, and after that I defied any person to detect the least defect in his breathing. Am a proof of its goes! effect 1 might sav that this horse was afterwards sold to a Gipsey- the Wst of judges of horses-who after driving him considerably, on a warm ^hy- failvrl to sfc the least sign of a defective wind.	\ our- truly, JOHN HI RKE, Ottawa.
For sale at—
SOMETHING NEW.
goods’ specials ; Quaker Ceylon Tea
(	¦	¦¦¦ HMlfl ¦ Ifl |e ¦¦i Mh ¦	¦
at 50cts. a pound.
9
Poplin. Bengaline, Viole, Ladies’ Cloth, Costumes, Es> Venctine and Silk Grenadines. Dainty effects in Opera Flannel Blouse Lengths. Beautiful Silk Muslin, American Muslin, Linen Organdy, Silk Novelties, Novelty Muslin, Waist Cloth, Scotch Lawn, Colored Muslin, Alcalada Cords, Stella Batiste, Frau Batiste, Dotted Swiss Batiste Satinee.
time
Wm. Moore's, Otter Lake ; J. F. Cronau's, Ladysmith.
Silas Young's, Starts Corners.
W. H. Lucas', Caldwell.
0 Meara Bros’, Bryson ;
T. & D. Mousseau s, Campbells Bay ; J. E Cahill s, Calumet Island ;
Finest Flavored and most Delicious Tea ever used in Canada.
Drug Store, ShawviHe ;
looked about the house and discove. el that all the provisions had been remove*. About 0 o'clock in the morning he was
COURT OF KING'S BENCH.
E. HODCINS & SON.
75 PIECES PRINT to select from—all new fust col-from .lets, to 1-cts, See Special Line at 1 lets.
Regular price, 13cts.
TRIAL. —BEMU EAKELY
TUE <;VT« HE!
EKCAIER a verdict or WILT Y and is about to start for ^ ille Marie h» notify a kent back to jail.	c niable when he noticed tracks in the
¦¦ snow. Be threw it aside *i'h a above) Julas Henri, the young Frenchman, and uncovered a blanket. This disc'oted trial for the murder cf tho Catcher his son j corps a Do only saw the feet boy, at Klppewa last winter, owes a new and know by the ai'cks the identity of the lease of life to the determination of one body. He was overcome by the gru» n >me juryman to hold to his opinion against discovery and was unable to look again, that of his eleven co deliberate™ who He went to V He Marie and secured intrusted with the grave res aw Vance.
verdict in lha Under cross exami.iat'on Gut;her
ors,
on
T. W. WILSON & 00
Selling Out I
were
ponaibility of lidding a
case which was given to them by Hia stated that ho had given the gun (an Honor Judge Rochon at2 30 ou Thursday ' ancient looking, double-barrel shot gun, last, after a char, impartial and concise j which was alleged to have ctused young presentation thereof. Ilis Honor care- Catcher1» death) to Henri having first fully reviewed the chief features of the fixed if for his use. The gun, he said, evidence, pointing oat the duty which was very difficult to discharge. During the jury would have to perform, unbiassed the summer he bad fixed the gun in by anything other than the facts adduced position against a tree in order to shoot by the evidence pi iced before them. The a bear. A curd wasfastened to the trigger responsibility, ho said, would rest en- and the idea was to have the	gun	dis-
tirely with themselves. Hence it was charged by the movement of	the	bear,
with the impression of this charge in The mechanism of the weapon did not their minds that the jury retired, and work, although the animal earned it a subsequently returned with the report considerable distance. Croîs examined
that & verdict could not be reached, the further, witness stated that affcsr Henri Henri further stated that he and young court being eleven for c nviction and one arrived at his house he buried some Gaucher had been shooting at a target in for acquittal. His Honor directed the money in the earth under the floor of the the absence of Geucher, ar. Afterwards jury to retire agsin, to see if a un- cabin. Henri ocasionally went out to they returned to the house and had a animoue verdict could not be arrived at, get wood with Geucher’s eon, while h* game of carda. Henri elated that he rebut an houi’s further deliberation failed prepared the meals. They cut and spli? tired to his bed, leaving young Catcher to change the opinions previously formed, about six cords of wood. Witness denied playing with the dog. As he was dozing and consequently the judge decided to that he 1 ad ever quarreled with Henri he heard the report of the gun, which discharge the jury, and order the prisoner and he always thought the latter and his had been left standing against the back to his oell, which means, doubtless (witness) son were on good terms. 44 I windows between the two beds. After that Henri will experience many months would not have left my boy with him had the report, Henri said he heard young of imprisonment ere he again appears things not been going well, ” eaid witness. Gutcher speak, but he did not under-bbfore the bar of justice to answer the ”Do you accuse Henri of killing your j stand what he said; he supposed the boy terrible charge which has been laid boyÎ’ asked Mr. Rainville.	~	was speaking to the dog. Then all was
against him.	"1 do accuse him,” replied Geucher. quiet and he heard a tricking sound, and
Although numerous witnesses were Counsel for defence cross-examined | got up to see, and discovered a wound examined, and the trial was prolonged to witness at length on alleged discrepancies in the right side of the boy • head from a rather tedious length, the chief and in with the evidence he gave at the preli- which the blood warn running. The boy fact the only impoitant information menary investigation. Geucher became was dead. The gun was on the floor connected with the crime, or mystery, as, excited but stuck to hia story that he ac- with both hammers down; when it stood indeed, mystery it is was contained in the cused Henri, despite whatever state- against the window, Henri said the evidence of James Catcher, father of the ments might have been made at the hammers were up. Two hours after the deceased boy, and Detective Crowe, who previous hearing. Witness admitted that accident, Henri stated, ho removed the made the arrest of Henri, about 12 days at the preliminary tiiil he stated he did , body from the shan‘y and buried it in after the boy’s body was found.	not accuse anyone of the deed and 4tonly ! the snow, returning to the shanty, he
The chief paints in the evidence of knew that hie poor boy lost his life. '	felt sickened by the odor of the blood,
James Catcher were as follows : Gutcher Plans of the house were shown wit- and decided to burn the stained bed
and his deceased son were on a snow- ness,* who was unable to understand : clothing in the stove, which lie did. Next.	Next door to Miss A. McRae’*,
shoe tramp in November last when they them or explain his movements by them, morning he left the shanty, taking some	,	gl, ,,r ill/,
first met Henri. He	was lying in the	Geucher again described the condition	provisions and sundry other articles	with	JJflL&lH	btrGGw, "	mHo* WVAilG*
snow at the foot of a	tree and in quite	in which he found the house on his	! him. Five days later he returned	and
an exhausted condition. They made a arrival there. The board over	the	hole	took	some mare	things,	including	the	laundry work of all kinds done in first-
tire and gave him food. He wanted to be where the money was buried	had	been 1 gun.	This	portion	of the accused's story,	class style,
left alone, but witness’ son persuaded disturbed. He noticed the hammer un ! as related in Crow’s evidence, does not him to moveand assisted him totheir home the bread box. This statement was not ] tally with the condition in which Gutcher According to witness Henri, when he made at the preliminary trial as he had | eaid he found li e shanty. In a subse became stronger, offered to tike charge overlooked it.	J quent conversation with Henri at Bryson,
«3325-2= bSSjASÆS EssSsTS 5 ss®»1=--«
Ville Marie to secure provisions. When «tables Latour and Lopemvr went in was shot and also its condition when he	JAMES ARMSTRONG,
he returned from the trip he found his search of Henri, and subsequently dis- examined it efter he heard the report,	Green Lake,
cabin in disorder. He filled a lamp, lit	covered by the tracks leading thereto, s	Henri’s version of how t ho boy was shot,
it and proceeded to	investigate. The	not or "shack" built in the woods a	and the location of the wound did	not	tiirow eome additional	light
tick alone remained on the bed and it couple of acrei from the lake shore. The correspond with the facts elecito i at the which to a great extent is shrouded in was covered with blood. Further invee- only sign of life was the smoke arising coroner's inquest. He stated that young mystery.
tigation showed that clothing aud pil- from the chimney. Laperrier was sent Gutcher received the wound winch	prisoner, Henri, who has no
lows had bee# burned in the stove in an back to the sleigh for s rifle. When he killed him on the right side of the heed, fiends or relatives in the country, and adjoining apartment. There was only a returned Crow instructed him to ••cover" whereas ho was actually shot on the left -u without means, was very ably defended smell quantity of oil in one can, although	the	door of the shack with the weapon.	&id% according to the evidence	of	Dr.	by Mr. Bourbeau Rainville, who seemed
witness bed left two gallons at home.	He	bad orders to shoot if Henri showed	Dube.	to take a deep and personal Interest
There was a strong odor and he believed hostility. Crow and Labour approached These desctepsticies in hit evidence jn the ease, making fall uae of every thing the clothes, before being placed in the	but	could see no one in the aback. Move-	coupled with hia burned burial	of	the	legitimate which came to his aid within
stove had been sa'u rated with the oil.	iog	around to the rear they discovered	body, the burning of the lei clothes,	the prescribed ecope of hia opporteoitiss
Wit..ess was too weak to investigate Henri crouched In a hole in .the bank, and the appropriation of Gutchei ¦ for jefenpe,
further and he went to the outhouse. Crow placed him under arrest, Warning effects, and their removal from the shanty,	-------------
There ho slept all night ueder some him at the same time to be careful what constitute grounds of suspicion in many	,ût	. A .
straw Be was nearly frozen whor he statement# he.made. Henri exclaimed, minds that Hettn • story in soma res Robert Addy, of 8t C* hannes, Ont., -ot up next morning. He was afraid referring to the death of young Geucher: peels, may not be true; and there the a young mao, shot himself through the that Henri would shoot him. Witness j 44It was an accident."	| matter will rest until a new trial may heart.	- gf g	#
TERMS Cash or Produce.
* #«***
NOTICE.

*****
Come in for. Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Co !
We Mean Business I
¦
Thoroughbred Ayrshire Bull, registered No. 14166. Bent animal of the breed in the County,	|LOO.odqin
P. S.—For sale.	Shawville.
S3
T%#
• •¦I

QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
-A N D-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION HYS.
VICTORIA DAY—MAY 24.
Round Trip Tickets will be sold to all Stations at One Way lowest First Class Fare on May 23rd and 24th, good returning until May 26th.
P.W.RESSEMAN,
Cen. Pass. Agent
For Tickets or further information apply to Station Agent.
ARMSTRONG BROS
•J
LADYSMITH.
HONG KEE,
A MAN IS A FOOL
CHINESE HUN DRY,
WHO IS NOT HONEST !
It pays to be honest. We might sell an inferior article, misrepresenting it, and make a $ or 2 by the deal, but would lose not only the customer, but his or her influence, which would mean hundreds of $’s in a few years.
Bull for Service.
Our greatest ambition is to have everyone satisfied with us. We aim to give a $ for $. If there is anyone who thinks we have not dealt squarely with them we want to know it.
We Mean what we Say.
on • ca*e
Whyte The Watchmaker,
Opposite Pontiac House, Shawville.
(

i




• —

