###PAGE###1###












No. 52
17th Yeah.
W VILLE, PONTIAC
COUNTY, QUE.

THURSDAY, JUNE
14 U»00.

*1.00 a Yeah in Advance,
)


BANK OF OTTAWA
Farewi
will prt
villo Method in* morning, (17th) tol, »
< P'Ol « And Hov, 11. \\ h]b
lO.dO H.m.; ut Ehvhezer, 2.M p ni.; and Shaw ville church at 7 p.m. A cordial in ‘¦'"II is given to .11 who can Iks tient at these vices.

V,
>

W. Knox
If \1
condition to carry his engine. Moved by coun. Smiley, scemn! in. Kelly, and rcwlvwl, that the
that
« O)
a

it
SI.
l
nin | ui
'IV
>• {
f i (

led hy I
tu
xt Sabbath
¦ li it*;*
ntircn
10. W) ;

O0C«
Hon! Office: Cavlfal IHjilUl I» Hut .
OTTAWA, CANADA.
» tlil'MiKOO, . 1,7 il.<HO. . 1,403.310.
ftt .i
let ary notify Mr. Liu 1 ( Mi 11< il will il it ho] | Zion, i for
Ml I àw

riled

4. V
• •
? )
OF CANADA.
; ana
(
• »
t'f ll|

if. Si
»
nsibh
any damage or loss sustained by him, by the breaking < f any bridge or culvert I u hit*!i ho may cross, oh our bridges arc not constructed to carry load*» weighing four toha; that this Council will hold

e #
Hoard of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President, Geobob Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
How. Geo. Iîuyhom, Jr,
Alex. Fiuklr, Enq ,

We want to Buy

1
CAPITAL -
- $6,000,000.
Lüra:: ^Treserve fund, - 2,600,000.
Dennis Mcrmit, Esq.
»

wSSt;SS5a	.
-risers. .esSISmI çpêsâs^
Moved by coun. Taber, seconded by Ht. Paul’s church, Shan ville, was the J?un* Henderson, and resolved, that this scene of a very pretty wedding Wednea- Vfounci1 aPP°int Councillor Lucas and the day, June titli, the Rev. Archdeacon Mayor to examine the mad maker now Naylor officiating. The contracting par £*ned by Shaw ville Corporation. If they ties were Miss Mildred McWilliams ^ it in good repair, that they be auth-Managcr. daughter of the late Thomas McWilliams’, I °£lzed ^ Pdf chase it for this Council, for
-----Esq., and Mr. James Root, of Ganan- . use of the tiret five ranges, and the
J oqùe, Ont., Miss Lillian Root and Mr. K!xth ranKe from and including lot 15 to
Cuthbertson,Graham & Elliott still	Root, brother and sister of the I t'lti (>nslow town line of this municipality,
keep on hand a full supply of under- groom, assisting. After the ceremony larul “lût a special rate be levied on all
Wl?ty ÜS’îec'StSl To none^Çt'Si,^	the bridal party returned the rvaI toljal?Ie Pr"I/erty in™"J find five
attention and chargea moderate. to the residence of Mrs. H. H. Knox, ' I,moes« and I lie sixth range from and in_____________e----	sister of the bride, where a sumptuous 1 clu(linkr lot fifteen to the bristol and On-
Wanted—Girl to do general house breakfast was served.	j	town line, to pay for the grader.
' u Apply to	Afterwards the happy couple left on J'Iuv.etl l,y coun. Taber, seconded by
Mrs. J. A. Cowan, Shawville. | ^ corning train for Montreal, where I c'lu?' Lucaw’ and rcfiolved that the Coun-
.	, they will make their, borne. The bride . dJ: n,,w ,l,Uourn- ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
The annual examination» are in pro- was the recipient of many valuable and A' ,W McKechnie, J. E. Morbih,
Kress at the Acndemy here this week, costly presents. We join with a host of s<-cretary-Treaaurcr. Mayor, pro-tern. Ven. Archdeacon Naylor is in charge. I friends in wishing them a happy and I	_
Mr. Wm R. Brownlee, of Radford, | prosperous life, passed away on Monday evening last, aged 69 years. Deceased had been in declining health for some time past.
'y
4
lu
Head Office* • Montreal.
by him
OEOROFDURN. .. U. M. FIN NIE, ..

General Manager. •. Manager.
» •
• •
• •
All the good Butter Eggs and Wool that comes along at high est market prices.
Branch##"
IN ONTARIO :
Keewatm, Lanark, Kempt y lie, ' Parry bound, Mattawo, Pembroke, Ottawa,	Rat Portage,
do Rank St, Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto, Yankloek Hill, Smith'» Falla.
in Mi rOBA:
Portage La Prairie.
¦H IN QUEBEC :
Montreal,	Hull. Ltd ute.
Agents In Canada, New York and Chicago-Rank of Montreal.
Agents in tit. Paul—Merchants Nat Bank.
Agents in Loudon, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.

Alexandria, A rn prior, Avonmore, Drawbridge, Carle ten

Place,
Hawkcsbury,
HAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.

Dauphin
Winnipeg,
Office Horns . . 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturdays t,.,i.
.	10 A M. to l F.M.
F. A. PARKER,

UNDERTAKING




What all Boys ought to Know and Girls too.

We want to Sell



work.
Do not be satisfied with your son’s op your daughter's educa-catlon until you are sure they
Haying and Harvesting Tools, Green Screen Wire,
Poultry Netting,
Spades and Shovels,
Axle Grease,
Machine Oil,
Pure Paris Green,
and
can :
Clarendon School Commissioners.


I! 1. Write a good legible hand.
IJ Ü. Spell all the words they know •it	how to use.
. |	3. Write and speak good English.
|| 4. Carry on a conversation In ||	French.
J1 5. Write a good social letter.
T H. Write a good business letter.
|	7. Add a long column of figures in
|	a limited time.
| w. Make out an account.
1	0. Receipt it properly when paid.
| 10. Deduct Klj per cent from the I	face of it.
i ««H Ærtisars
Meeting at ShawviHe on Satur- Clarendon met this day. Members ore-
day June 2ord.	'sent, Ralph Hedging, Chairman; Corn rs.
Janies C. Armstrong, John Grant and Robt. Smart.
Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by Robt. Smart, seconded by 75c. I John Grant, that the minutes of last 00c. meeting as now read ho and are hereby 50c. confirmed.—Carried.
40c. Moved by Robt. Smart, seconded by 30c. John Grant, that Win. Smith, sr., be and 25c. is hereby exempt from paying fees for his 25c. child that has been hurt at school, for the 15c. year ending on the 30th June, 1900.—
I Carried.
Moved by Jag. C. Armstrong, seconded j 70c. I by Robt. Smart, that the Sec.-Treasurer 50c. is hereby instructed to give a clear re-35c. ceipfc to Mrs. Max. St Jean, jr., for school 5c. tax fees and arrears due up to 30th June,
20c. 1000, 615.20.—Carried.
Moved by John Grant, seconded by Jas. C. Armstrong, that John Connelly be and is hereby exempt from child's
Tickets from points west and Waltham up .to 3Util J,une’ lf,u0> t0 tIie extent will bo good on ruyular train leaving ?f roceyN produced from Bristol for
ShawviHe 7.1X1 p.m.. lame date.	fe<* Pa,d there.-Gamed.
p, \V Re-slman	At tins juncture the Hoard adjourned
¦ leneral Superintendent, meet 00 the mb ijSL „
HüohJhatheson,
Sec.-Treasurer.

On 24th of June, the Rev. Dr. Tucker will begin his duties as pastor of the ShawviHe Methodist church, with Rev. Mr. Johnston as his colleague.

Special from Aylmer to ShawviHe :
Time.
I

Fare. 8.40a.m. 90c. 8.66 0.05
Lvo Aylmer
Brvckvnridge En rd ley Parkers Mohrs Quyon Wymans Bristol McKee i Arr. ShawviHe Lve. Waltham Mellons G\ ml on go Vinton Campbells Clarks
Arr. ShawviHe Lve. ShawviHe Arr. Aylmer
For Sale.—One phaeton, one buggy, both in good condition; also cutter and a good driving horse Apply to Mr*. J
light

one
9.10
AMES HODGUNêt,
9 17
If you find that your son or your j| Any person requiring bee supplies of
daughter Is deficient in these things | l,ly kind, also empty boxes ready for the
send him to the hest place to learn hees, cheap, will find a large quantity
hand at the Vann
9 25
9.36
!
Fruit Jars.
on
9.45
apiary.
R. MoJanet, Manager.
these necessaries. The best place is the
9.51
i
10 tt.m. 12 noon 12.10
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE.	ZltLw't
jl Am prior on Wednesday last, at the fler-
..................I man Methodist parsonage by the Rev.
1	w nr -w Mr. Bolauder.
II
12.20
J. H. SHAW
f*
12.42
12.53

1.03
WANTED :
Wagon and carra ;e Mr. Samuel Armstrong and staff wood workers. Steady | at work on Mr. James Cuthberteon’s lot,
eiwst of Mr. G. F. Hudgins’, erecting the !¦¦¦¦ basement of a new residence which Mr. Ottawa, Ont. 0. has in contemplation.
\
are
1.20 •
7.30
employment to good men.
Address,1 Ottawa Car Co., Limited,
8.50 p.m.
Found— Between 3 and 4 weeks agg on the road between Wm. Palmer's and Andrew Havilan’s, a man’s coat. 8*H Call in and see our Bain wagon, | can have the same by paying 25 cents for
this notice and calling at Michael McCullough's, Charteris.
ago
LOCAL NEWS.
Owner
m
made by the Massey-Harris company.
«fmtæmmt
%
Bristol Council
Now is your time if you wish for a view of your residence. ' Call on Iroison
Mrs. Robt. Campbell, of Elmside, is vis iting her daughter, Mrs. A. Smiley.
Mrs. DU worth visited friends in Bristol this week.
Monday of last week was the twentieth anniversary of the consecration of St. Paul’s church.
. According to the changes that have been j made by the Stationing Committee of the . ™luutcs of regular session of the Mu-Methodist Conference, Rev. NVni. Knox tt*c*Pa^ Council of the township of Biis-will go to Beach burgh, and bo replaced ltdd *n town hall on Monday, the here by Rev. Dr. 'nicker.. Mr. White-	June, 1900. Mem tiers
side will attend college.	|sent—Councillors,
PORTAGE DU FORT.
KAHN IS KING
A lawn social and concert in connec-?ion with the Presbyterian Ladies’ Aid, u	, pre-1 wiH be here on Friday, Juno 29th. A
i . tr 11 , mv	Henderson, choice program ia being prepared.
i-jïBSP» Militer:
mThede»th «* announced at Carleton	;	Mr. Whitman, Shnwvillo, spent Sunday
H. Klock, Place on May 28th, after a long illnees, Minutes of List regular session and afternoon in Portage, the guests of Mrs. ShawviHe. <>f Mrs. Gillies, wife of the late John Gil- BI,ecu“ session of Council read.	Wm. Thomson
boot & shoe store, is visiting here at pre- A move is expected to be made here inc* Secretary-Treasurer
*°nt-	shortly in tire direction of fencing and authorizedI to sign the same.	David Dumas, a former resident of
For groups,	crayon	portraits,	large	*™prwvmg the cemetery property, and	de- Moved by coun. Lucas, seconded by	Hall, was burnt to death at his faim
frames, etc., call at the Art Studio,	Pon-	vising some plan of keeping the same	in I coun. Smiley, and resolved, that the	near Like Temiecammgue last week,
tiac House.	a more presentable condition for the	fu I ^r^tary notify road inspector James	F.re ciught in Dumas’ house, and in try-
ture. It is to be hoped the idea will	be Telford, to attend to a water course on	mg to save his effects Dumas lost his own
We draw the attention of our readers aimed out.	-	, James Drummond’s lot, Mr. Drummond life. His outbuildings and 40 head ot
nursery firm of Stone & Wellington. attending th fwnri vvltî14.ft uew Î0 Moved by coun. Henderson, seconded -—- -	¦ —=
^nstt'ssessiBSs	fesiHFEs Fs
undCT the auspices of Peerless Lodge I. 0. Undertaker James Cuthb.rtson was at R«Pf>rt Special Sup't. on centre lat-(*. 1. See posters.	Fort Coulonge	on	Wedpesday,	conduct-	^ral lino of lot thirteen, range seven,
The almost continuous	down-pour	of	*n8 the	funeral'of the late	Joseph	Dodd,	read report stating that a good nice road
rain on Thursday last, interfered serious-	of ^yson The decease,! «" Radeon said line with much leas
%	a. ffJÿSi 5
port be laid over until next session of Council for further consideration.
Moved by coun. Smiley, teqpnded by coup. Kelly, that the Council adjourn for one hour.
Pursuant to adjournment, same members present.
Moved by coun. Smiley, seconded by coun. Lucas, and resolved, that the Secretary procure five new road scrapers fur road divisions 10, 19, 24, 35, 41 and 47, and that a special rate be levied upon each of these road divisions to pay for scrapers.	, .
OF ALL PIANOS.
on Dominion
I

# HIGH CgADE
HIGH GRADE
WANTED, at once as nurse, a girl of 15 or 16 years of age. Apply to
Mrs. K. I

¦vw
7 ;
Fully Warranted ONE QUALITY
•, T | Fully Warranted
Oui* *
ONE QUALITY



l.ifl

psi
ajsMI

>
only
only




Thai the Best !
That the Best !
CCM.
are hereby
Our Mr. J. R. Horner, ShawviHe,
Will be pleased to forward your name and address, and as our tuners will be
1, if you have an organ or piano
Starting out as soon as the roads become g which needs tuning, repairing or cleaning, we will do the work for you at city prices. We are making up the route now, so kindly send Mr. J. R. Horner your name ; state particulars as to what is wrong with your instrument. If an organ be particular to state if reeds are broken, and which key they affect, counting each key—both black and w hite-commencing at the last key on the left or bass end. And if strings or hammers are broken, state whether Square or Upright, maker's name, and which key is affected, also counting each key from left hand. The strings vary In thickness for each note, hence this inform, ation is helpful. We are making up our list, so write Mr. Horner, ShawviHe, at as early a date as possible. All work fully guaranteed.

MASS MEETING OF ELECTORS AT SHAWVILLE,
Saturday, June 23,1900.
• I

o
A Mass Meeting of the Independent Electors of the County of Pontiac will be held ia ShawviHe on Saturday, the 23rd of June at 2.30 o’clock, p. in-, when
Mr. J. Smith, manufacturer, of Ot- L'oulonge.	|
tawa, has erected a very neat iron fence On Sunday next and on different dates in front of the Academy grounds this throughout the year it is the intention to week, which has greatly improved the ap- hold anniversary service* in 8t, Paul's, pearance of the latter. V	.1 commemorative of the two hundredth an-
on W vdnesday evening. He was 7% | • years of age.
THE D. W. KARN CO. Ltd.,
197 Sparks Street, Ottawa.



Sir Charles Tupper,
Mr. Charles and Mrs McWilliams left here for home on Tuesday morning. :
During the past two or three day ft Principal Vaughan's condition has improved considerably.
Our town fathers have decided—providing material can be had at a fairly reasonable price—to lay a new sidewalk north sftie of Main street and also to lay a new walk from the academy to connect with the old one opposite the parsonage grounds. The wait on Pick&nock street will be continued southward to accommodate the residents of that section. The other walks will be repaired and several much needed crossings laid.
The prospects of an abundant hay throughout the country are bright*
Many of the soldiers now in South Africa are reported to be ready to settle there for life. The war may have effects on the current of immigration that no one looked for at the beginning, and immigra tien may have an effect on the settlement of the troubles that no one looked for either. The more families of British soldiers there are established in the country the less the Boers will feel like renewing their mischief.
Leader of the Opposition, And others wiU address the audience in the interest of the Conservative Party.
crop



Commencing last Wednesday, a Holiness Convention was held during the bal-Mrs. James Keon, an old and esteemed ance of the week and Sunday, at the hall resident, of Bristol, passed away on Mon- at KnoxJe settlement, two miles east of day of last week at the advanced age of the village. The Rev. C. R Horner and H3 years Funeral toêk place on Wed- several other leaders of the Movement m «day from the residence of her sob Mr. were present. A very large gathering of Keon, to the R C. ehuroh and thence adherents, together with a ^ od many to the R. C. cemetery followed .by a curiosity-seekers attended the Sunday large concourse of sorrowing friend#. meetings. .	« , . M	J

A Meeting of the Liberal Conserva.	...	, ,	„ ,	tive Association
A communication was read from Mr.	*
fi. E. Law ranee, stating that he expect- will be held at the same place, on the same ed ta move hie engine which weighs four (day to elect officers, etc. tons over Ragged Chute bridge and other dges along the same route, and notifies the Council to have bridges in a safe J Elmaide, May 25,1900.

pn the
John
B. GRAHAM,
fan
I ,*
i *

(
\
rv	M
*
1
r

z



###PAGE###2###


POLYGLOT CANADA.
THE QUEEN'S EYESIGHT.
1 he Quai d’Oraal, the Esplande des Invalide#, as well ns the Vuluia del-ln-dustrie. The show altogether, invlud- tin ht Wwil«»n»uile»
«M-Illrr» In lhe Vnr Nerlhwen.
ALL THE WORLD'S FAIRS
Whit obtains with the three like wise obtains	with	the fourth
of the chief	Boer	women,
wife of the supposedly invincible
Oronjê, w ho, Napoleon like, fell beTh. wires of the Boers are playing forB tho modern Wellington of the •* Important a part in the war in Brltl,,h „rmy Tha epitome ol her life 8outh Africa as did the famous fe
I
Kf|»iwiMlMl by Ilf I	¦* B «MUIIy rninii, ami
Bue I# Old 4ge aid liffMlTf Dm,
Neveial reforenraa have been made
the
WHEN AND WHERE THE GREATEST HAVE BEEN HELD,
ing the numerous places of amusement, covered 651,305 square yards.
The structure took up 601,197 square yards. There were 55,400 exhibitors, who shared 33,889 awards, and the visitors numbered 28,000,000. The expend!- itiee as in any ture	to T1 ,000,000. The
t„ the Canadian Northwest prov-
Manitoba to the Pacific I in the London newspa^rs of late to probably to he found as the Queen’s falling eyesight, and colonies of different national- fortunately they are only too well
similar area in the founded. Oue of the gentlemen of the B the Seattle Post-Intelll- Court states that all those who at-h.md- gvover. Within the last three years tend Her Msjenty are very wellawan
Vhe gate thousands of eel tiers have been gath- of the feebleness which has recent-
ere.l from all q|i li ters of the globe ly come over her eyesight. Several well The Dunkaidm do not find (heir only known oculists have been consulted home in North Dakota; they are far f»»t beyond recommending the beet this more numerous it is stated, on the kind of glasses to be used they
oc casion in Jackson Park, seven mile.	f^utnTin‘These i-rlecMy teallTyT Tbatîeïo Zy"th!
Along the bn like of the river, be- | applied and no operation that can U Battlefield and Prince Albert, j performed.
area of nearly 2.J aciea •' « « " ' 8	at |0aat 3.000 Itusainn» I flirted with is purely and «imply dim
¦es*
ÏIMIIII.....................................................Ill
A horde of Mormon colonies are mat- will relieve the eyes, instead of more tered In all direction* and in all die- fashionable email ones, which form
-	preceded It. W. a	»..« " *«- "
—	*°d ———	M"	,h. .It, !... II», ... -.--dl-ll, pree.loil
week wea Herman J. Boardman of the « l« frequently noticed nowaday,
! Miaaitmary Hoard at Winnipeg. For how constantly the Prince.. Beatrice
or any oue else in attendance on th#
Queen, talks to her. That Is accounted
for largely by the Queen requiring
to be told things much more than
formerly, owing to her not being able
to see This much was remarked when
lures, from
un-
t’oast, are
Kntlund Hint llie Honour #f Orgnulslu* the rirel Inlerrulu* r*el* mud Flff Ere* or Other* Tht Parla Kx|io*lllen.
It was England that had the honour of organizing the first great universal exhibition. This was erected under the auspices of the Society of Arts in Hyde Park, and was a palace of glass—the Crystal Palace, in fact. The building .covered 87,487 square yards, and the flooring up and down stairs 113,62*2 square yards. Opening on May 1, 1851, it closed on October 11 of the same year, and was visited by 6,039,195 people, as many as 110,000 being there on one single day. It had 17,000 exhibitors, who received 6,187 awards, The oost of the enterprise amounted to £210,000. The sum encashed was £ 0 >,-243. The handsome surplus was invested in the estate at South Kensington, where now stand the Natural Ilia lory Museum, the Imperial Institute, the Albert Hall, arul other buildings.
In 18*5 the French opened their first universal exhibition at the Palais de l'Industrie, in the Champs Elysee, which, along with its annexes, covered 200,931 square yards. There were 24,000 exhibitors and 11,033 awards. The visitors numbered 6,160,000. of whom 121,000 assembled on one day
is found in the request of her husband, male defenders of Aix-la-Chapelle iu wh0| iu the momenl 0f his defeat, ask.
the Middle Ages. 1 hey die in the e(j f{rat that his wife might not be tranche beside their husbands, rifle in baud, er tight on when the men have fallen. In the storm and stress of
many
world, says
When thehis-
separated from him tory of the war comes to be written the names of these four women will
ceipts to £2,000,000, leaving a some surplus of £100,000. r money alone yielded no leas Ilian £810,-
battle, the men have dominated it, almost to the exclusion of a thought of
appear, but if the history of these four women were to be written the the women, except collectively, which I world might then read the real history
Is not the way to think of women, ! 0( the while the individual men of the Boer |
000.
I
I
111 1893 the United States held a so corn! universal exhibition
cai
on
war.
from the centre of Chicago. The name
CONFESS IN THEIR SLEEP.
army have, by the very force of circumstances, stood conspicuously out. Yet the womanhood of all nations, vibrating emotionally iu sympathy, can
ou May 1st, and was the largest as well as the most magnifiaient exhibition the universe has jet seen.
Oie of the Een-en* (Vnilcuinml Urn Are
t'letrly ISwirhrd.
attune itself in sympathetic
The tween
Few folk are aware that one of the thought with i hose sturdy Dutch reasons why warders watch condemn-dames who are making such a strug-1 ed criminals iu their cells all night gle for their country.
On the same excellent authority It is learned that what the Queen Is af.
Is because it is knowu by 4 he author-Flret of the Boer women, by position I ities that many crimes have been con-no leas than by the interest which fessed to by criminals during their euirounds her, is the wife of the Presi- | dreams, deut of the Transvaal Republic. She
ie the first lady of the country, but I writer that, in the case of a sensa-theie is little to dietiuguish her from ' tional murder some years ago, a public tha wifa of any of the burghers, for ; petition for a reprieve was refused be-ahe is a simple Hausfrau. Domestic- cause, in addition to considerable cir-ity find* in her its quintessence, and cumstantn»! evidence adduced against the popular imagination, in so far as ! the prisoner, he was heard by a night It knows anything of her, pictures to warder to make during his sleep, a itself a woman, old and obese, who full avowal of bio guilt in regard to devotes her time to darning the house- the crime That unconscious confession hold socks and stockings and making I practically fixsd hie fate, huge pots of coffee for the cunsump- | In Spanish prisons it was formerly tlon of "Ooin Paul" and herself.
An ex-warder once assured the
ex-
The
outlay reached £460,000, and the receipts £128,000, leaving a deficit of Yet I the rule to place a Bible upon the £332.000, which was borne by the State, woman, unprepossessing breast of a sleeping prisoner suspect-
chough she be, is descended from the ! ed of murder, as it was believed that in great Du Plessis family, w hich gava the event of personal guilt, it would 811,1 1 lst universal exhibition was held to France one of the Princes of its compel a confession. The test was !ln London in 1862, in a structure ad-church and state, in the person of the | usually applied by a priest, who wrote joining the buildings of the Horticul-wily yet brave and strong Cardinal j down whatever the man said and turnl Society at South Kensington. Richelieu, who, iu his youth, could handed the statement to the author- At this show, which covered 150,000 wield a sword as well as in age a | itiee.	square yards, there were 27,009 exhibi-
tors, who received 12,305 awards. It
on one single day.
It i« intended that the great universal exhibition shall beat all shows
this same
ENGLAND’S SECOND
within Paris will
COVER AN AREA OF 470 ACRES supplemented by a in the Buis de Vincennes of 309 acres. Here will be an exhibition of railway
large annex
the last ten years Mr. Boardman has travelled in the Canadian provinces in Ilia work of inspecting the mis-
uud tramway rolling stock, automobiles, cycles, oil engines, windmill», Canadian and United States agricultural machinery, etc., as well aa military and naval displays, and a great exhibition of boats on the lakes. Hero nisu races, shows of domestic animals, and gymnastic performances will be held
pen
MANY MURDERS
winns
opened oil May 1st and closed on November 1st. It was visited by 6,211,103 people. The undertaking was not a financial success. The receipts amounted to no more than £459,631, leaving a large deficit, but the contractors consented to take
“The Canadian Northwest," he said, is set I ling ui> very rapidly. There is probably no pnrt of the world where
within the earns area so many lan-
We are estah-
I he Kruger household Is run on
we are Informed, were biuught to light
patriarchal lines, and the Bible d<>m- by this method
imites it. Perhaps this is the reason About twenty yeans ago a prisoner
w li> Mrs. Kruger, who is Oom Paul’s | Jj, H Yorkshire goal hud been coinsecond wife, has given heed to the
she was in Dublin. The Queen as now practically prohibited reading writing. All the reading is done for her, and as for writing, except in the most urgent cases, she confines herself to the signature.
or
guages are spoken liahing missions of every nationality that Incite where we find no church
and have now 123 in
nutted to the condemned cell, after precept, Be fruitful and multiply.’’ | what many deemed a just and impar-tor «he has h.i.l	16 ch.l.lren -	a large	tiil triâ, But a number of peül,|e bef .mily even for	South Africa	- and	Ueve(1 ,n hia inu0(wu,# and these did	over the buildings in discharge of tbe.r
then immediate descendants number I „|| in their power to obtain a reprieve c,ium' and Sir J,,hn Ke,lk' one of lhe 100 One	great charaoterist.o	I	So potent were the argumente adduced	firm, personally handed the	oommis-
sbo possesses Is	tb.it of the	golden	|	ou his behalf, that lhe Horn. Serre-	8lu»«r» the handsome sum of	£11,0000,
gift of silence

Every effort is being made to render this annex as attractive as possible.
work going on the districts of Alberta, Assiniboine,
Saskatchewan and Manitoba.

y
JAPANESE FUNERALS.
over
Inside Palis the Champ de Mars iaiH covered with a large main edifice and * think A berla may several smaller structures. The Tro- d*tinction of having the only Jewish caaero, the whole of the spacious farming rommun.ty In the world. I Esplanade des Invalides, and the quays nurabeis 4(10 al,d s	ing rsr.rui e
both sides of the Seine, betweeu the	every year Resides stock raising they	muny ^ the life-U.ug ambition of a
'Champ de Mars and the Quai fe la	generally engage in diversified farm-	Jaf¥ineM> The higher the rank the
Concorde, have been built over. The	ing* 1 ll<1 colony i# organize» on 19	greater the display
old Palais de l'Industrie has been	co-operative plan and is wealthy. The	preSM Dowager died in 1897 no lees than
.	swept away and a beautiful avenue	iue	nml held lD $700.060 was appropriated from the
bunds—even those who are heard to .solemnly avow during his sleep that court, just outside Paris. The main	frum lhd Champe El to high-esteem by their neighbours. national Treasury. The ceremonies oc-
speak loudest of "the weaker vessel." had committed a murder. Thin building covered 198,639 square yards, ^ ^ew bridge Alexander 111 which “Ono «reat question that is going cupift , B0veraI weeks, as they were
Tante Kruger," as the people com-	happened on three	occasions, until the	"bile 293,025 square yards	were occu- : ^ Q<>t t be'eu inauguralod foqr	to <’onfront ,h" Cana<Han Govern"	conducted according to ancient usage.
monly call her, is a martyr to rheu-	*0man taxed her	partner with the	jpieH by the park, 57,100 wluare >arda I traffic.	ment before many years is suppres-	ner^utiy the funeral of a lady of
matisra, due, no doubt, as the most	crime he had confessed, He protested	by the garden, 9,506	square yards by	^his avenue decked in the centre	aion of thft Morman l>raotioeM aud	the	higher class	in	Tokio was attended
modern medical science teaches, to the	that he was absolutely innocent of	buildings on the river bank, and 263,-	wilù £lower gardells a(fords ttU uu_	faith. Five years ago the Mormons of	^	*	yaal	^course	of	people	and
overconsumption of the coffee in	such a thing, but something about the	126 square yards by	the agricultural	broken view uf the Invalides from the	utah W«:‘n to 1(,ok for a uew fi6ld
wbo8e Preparation she is so skilled	manner or matter of his	protest only	display	at Baillancourt. The expen.	Champg	Kly^ee. Uu the right hand	of °I*ration	The Canadian Nor|h-
Mine. Joubert, relict of the lion of	strengthened the wife's	suspicions,	diture .amounted to £937,000 and the	^as	risen a huge block of masonry	wa*	one	*he places selected,
Ibc republic, is not a native Boer, and	and she sued for a divorce, which was	receipts to £1,052,800,	the handsome	whlch u to ^ devuted t0 (me <irU	and the first location was made at
i>y common consent a French and not	granted, but on other ground# than	surplus being divided	among the mem-	a^ vis-a-vis, stands a smaller build-	whrtt ^ now known as the town of
a Dutch title is accorded to her. She	that referred to. A month later the	bers of	the syndicate, who had guar-	ilig'set	apan* lur u rotruspoctive ex-	(tnlmton.	a few miles north of the
is t he warrior-worn an first, the wo-	man committed suicide.	anteed	the financial risk. At this	tubilion	of the same nature. A* great	boundary	line	between Montana and
man of the household second. She can a i* not generally known that a exhibition there were 52,200 exhibitors feillure 0[ the coining gorgeous abow Alberta. Since then every year has >h ,ot llke **°ei m:in' wbo shoots txase of forgery and embezzlement on and 19,395 awards. The visitors numr a£ will he the pavilions of foreign witnessed other settlements, until \ih unerring aim to kill, for from her	an extensive scale,	committed by the	bered 11,000,000, and 184,00!)	persons as- powers lining the quay ou tho left	Giere are upward of twenty Mormon
eniiest childhood she has been accus-	former cashier of a famous bank, was	semble*! there on oue day.	bank of the Seine between ihe Uma	settlements Iu the Canadian North-
ln revealed by the man talking in hi#	AUSTRIA-HUNGARY	and the invalides bridges. That of weat* At first they were welcomed by
the early days of the Kaffir Wars she sleep The guilty person, who had not next came forward with a universal ^real Britain occupies a capital posi- thft Government and society, but their never failed to accompany her bus- even been suspected by his employ- exhibition, which opened in the Pra- Li ud	b furnished with ih«
b.,id -.h. 7., - „d .11 d.„.g	.lib . ,b,„ 1er l’art, ut Vinuna, on May 1st. «73,	... l^ùï.t, "1^, ml.
th« c»mpu,«n ifs plans were discussed	while on a holidi.y,	and one night,	ami ucqufFied	2,110,500 square yards.	ri>uliuenl ullhol»tery	tirrna, who at
wtth her. More than once, as the re.	during i disturbing dream, the	thief	264.421 square	yards bring covered by	tbia ro<>ment are exerllllg themaelvea
suit of this discussion, the execution	avowed bis guilt in a manner	that	buildings. It	had 42,006 exhibitors.	lu the ulmoat u£ their	power to make
of these was changed, in accordance	was unmistakable.	and 25.552 awards were made. The	^ grilnd a display as	they possibly
outlay was £2,338,000, but the receipts can
did not exceed £465,600 the enormous ..	,	,	......	...
deficit being borne by the State. The	n ‘““T	^«vilion
A visitors numbered 7,255,000.	d° h°“°Ur l° °Ur 'T
On May 10, 1K76 the United State. ^LZCreC a:%ar:a"arZ opened the,r ftret univers, exhib,- tecture> d,0„ration and furnishing t,on in Fa.rmount Park, Philadelphia. ,he promoter, of this s, upendou.
Th,s great show extended over 1,375.- um|enakiüg, followmg up the example
423 square yards, 34o.bl6 square yard. w)l ,t th# Exhibition of 1639. which being covered by buildings. It had ved 80 autC6aafuii lre gl,lllg ,
'	a"d ,h6 OUl,Uy large measure of their attention to
rear bed 1,600,	amusements. We are to lie treated to
In 1678 France had another univer- al, kiada o( eighta which most of us
eal exhibition, which opened on May h,ve „eTer seyn. Among them are to 1st, and covered the Champ de Mars, l)e companies of Turks and Arabs who the Trocadero, the Qui d’Orsai as far wil, gu through the performances as I he Alma Uridge, and that part of the howling and whirling Dervishes the hsplande des Invalides lying he- 0{ Stamboul and Cairo, who, by the tween the quay and the Hue St.Domi- way have no connection with I hose
nique. The main building,rectangular 0f the defunct Mahdi and Khalifa in form, on the Champ de Mars, mea_ sur#d 772 yards perpendicularly to the Seine, And 382 yards parallel to the river. The palace decking the heights of the Trocadero, which were connected with the Champa Elysee by a park, contained a ball able to accommodate between 5,009 and 6,000 persons. The exhibition attracted 52,835 exhibitors and 16,100,090 visitors, the largest attendance on one day being 210,0000 The awards numbered 29,810 The outlay wa# £2,360.000, the receipts less than half that sum, t ha deficit of £1,268,000 being borne by the State.
Passing over the Universal Exhibitions of less importance held at Sydney, N. S. W., in 1879, at Melbourne in 18 0, nt Amsterdam in 18v), at Antwerp in 1885, at Barcelona in 18-8, at Brussels in the same year, we come to the great
UNIVERSAL EXHIBITION at Paris in lfl<9. This was opened on May 6th and comprised buildings on the Champ do Mars, the Trocadero,
claim the
to enable them to balance their uc-
>he never speaks of | tary was about to sanction m pardon, state affairs and she never interferes
romp end f>remeey In raying lhe Im
Hu'tort lo lhe Head.
To be buried with pomp end cere-
when a wire from the governor of : c<>un 1 *•
On April 1st, 1867, the French inau-
m matters political-in public. She is the gaol reached him saying so shrewd a woman, however, that, has confessed to the murder during 6urated a grind universal exhibition although it is not acknowledged, there his sleep." That settled the matter. I the Champ de Mars, which lasted are reason^for believing that ber hus-I 'lhe reason of a certain divorce, band takes counsel with her in mat- though the fact was not made public, ' ov*r 111 acres, apart from an annex of ters of moment, uu is the wont of bus- | waa t hat a wife heard her husband 74 acres in the little island of Baillan-
X-
on
the usual six months. It extended
When the Km-
»

?
with a large expenditure of money. Large edifices were erected near tin* family vault fur the mourners
wia rhnnted by fifty Buddhist
? -
>
The

service
priests, the principal uf whom pro-n ou need a warm and symi*at hetto
1creased
oration in memory of the lady, whose noble character bad won
Leist week, while
universal esteem
jinrikiabt, we saw a great
out in a
concourse of people assembled in front of a silk store, and learned that one of the firm had died, and this wad his
We burned ou and took s
torurd to the use of firearms
disposition to exclusiveness soon lost them the latter's good will. In three colonies the rights of the church are proclaimed, polyg any is practiced, and
time when the same
funeral
posit 10a near a bridge that led to the t&mple. First in the procession cams i body of men in gray tunics. Those were followed by i great number of Japanese in thou iiiken robes, that set off their fine, intelligent faces
the prisais with their shaven
we are nearing a condition as Utah was in prior to the stamping out of polygamy by Congress will prevail. This question U being agitated imong Canadian citizens, and it is not at all improbable that More long the Government will be provided upon to take some action that will put a stop to the
with her brilliant ideas of strategy
A VERY REMARKABLE CASE,
The British Commissioners are
Then
and the imaginative instinct of an occurred innate gift for war — a genius not un- which led to the discovery of a murder, feminine, for was not Bellona as much Lud the solving of a mystery the goddess as was Mars the god of wealthy old gentleman suddenly van-war t If, in her warlike attitude and ^hed, and his sole companion in the in the slight ness of her figure, the ancient mansion, wheie he had reantipodes of Mrs. Kruger, Mme. Jou- sided was an ancient family retuin-bert is at least her equal in i he pos- er who protested, with great grief, session of the domestic virtues, VX hen | ihnt he knew nothing as to his mas-sbe cannot serve her husband by ad
years ago In Varia,
some
came
heads, orver which men carried luge red Japanese parasol». After these*
of men with a queer head-
company
covering of straw, like an inverted bread basket, carrying in their hands
About midway
evils
sprigs of paper lotus
“Of the many set tiers in our territory none is in destitute circumstances. Some >f the colonies are poor, but each is making headway, and with perseverance will become prosperous citizens in our section of the world."
i he hier, m id»
in the procession w is of unpointed wood and covered with royal purple dl-ipery and horua shoulders of eigh* men, the mourners, foot, looking like so many glide their first communion, is they
ter's disappearance. Une night, however, the butler, who slept with a it that nothing that he needs is lack- I friend, rose in his sleep and walked ing, and with her own hands will peel out to an old well in the garden, the potatoes for his dinner with as | where he paused, and exclaimed, sor-much nonchalance as if she were the
on i he
vice and help in the field, she sees to
on
mg t »
were dressed in white, with white veils and carrying in their hands dishes d
These were fol-
He s down there, and 1 did
lowfully
cook of the canteen, all unconscious | ,t ; all for gold, all for gold V* of the fact that her husband was Com
•f
ALL HAVE HANK .
The military mounted police of England Is the only corps that hit no privates, ev»*iy member being of non-com mission# I nuk. so that the striking of \ re,| cap,*' as each member ut called, is ill the greater offense m the eyes •>( regimental law I ban were the attacked not a wearer of the chevrons.
Hie companion, who had followed him, and who was a secret agent of the Paris police, heard the grave con-
fish and fruit
rice
lowed by men iu white, bearing unlike loi us plants in wicker baskets. The gold and silver piper flowers ra-
«II I gave
mander-in-Chief of the Boer army During the last native war, undeter red by the heat and the fever, she | f^asiou and reported it to the subjoined him.
Lborities. The well was searched, and As a glory departed mush one write I therein was found the body of the of Mrs. Steyn, who had the plans of | rrUrd«red master, the "late President of the Orange
tien e l the morning sun
I him most picturesque pio-A« intervals there were men
icker baskets on long poles.
to be freed
TOO FASTIDIOUS
color to cession.
I
ask you why
And may you left your last place?
Certainly, mem. It's nothin' I'm ashamed of You see, I was in th* habit of leavin' my bisickle in th' kitchen over night, in' th family objected to Ih' smell of rubber tire in th vittle.il
An American criminal, who was ex-Free State"—as Lord Roberts called I ecuted by electrocution some time ago, him in his dispatch—and President I avowed his innocence with such vehe-Kruger not emulated those best-laid me nee and plausibility plans of mice and men and gone aglay, | opinion ran high in his favour and would in due course have been the
wife of the second President, of that | to secure his release lie would probably have been pardoned, but for the fact that • vigilant warder, during the early hours of the morning, heard the slumbering pnsuuei groan aim
t,eirmg w
>ntaining birds, that
. were
at the grave, symbolical of the fie*-ing „( the epirit from the eurtblf r,ge „f ,h« holy. A bun,I of wu.-ui i I,led Ms mournful airains .is l( ,„ese.| through a wall of Japanese on e ther side of the street. It was ditto fell wheiher the de,ease I
a Shintoist,
i,f the ceremonies

that public
oneiderable influence was exercised
NOT A PRETTY JOB
Little Julia—Rf
imini says you are a sell-mule man. Uncle John you f
Uncle John—Ye*. Julia, proud of it.
great South African Republic reaching from the Zambesi to the Cape. Hers is the romance of the chief Boer women, though her life has not been all prettiness, for she has helped her husband as much as it was possible for her to do in the early days of his career, and there are, it Is said, hundreds of documents in the archives of the Supreme Court at Bloemfontein which are In her writing. Mrs. Steyn suggests the fratricidal nature of the for Scotch blood flows in her
Are
RARA AVIS.
Reed is a regular bookworm, isn't bo? He is always one of the first at a dale of rare book*
Yea, he is evidently of the opinion that the early woiua catcher the bird.
was
as there
ficull
Buddhist or
and I'm
i
a blending
was
peculiar to these religions
say
"It is just. I am guilty, i did ttx-deed, sure enough 1 am guilty 1"
words removed the Iasi
l.itt le Juin —But why didn't you use a looking-glass, Uncle John ?
at last
In a cemetery near Portland 'her* are lire tablet» all alike, »«™pt tM inscriptions, which reed
Anne, first wife of John Brows Mary, second wife of Jehu Brown» Jens, third wile of John Brown^
Those
USUALLY A CHANGE The Bachelor—I don't suppose s ma ns
enance ot a reprieve
THE WHEELS.
Mr. Seppeigh—1 believe 1 will visit a mind reader, and allow him to experiment with me.
Misa Gabby—If you do, he will think ne ia reading a bicycle advertisement.
TOO STRENUOUS
Dm is i migbly busy world, said the philosophic hobo. Dat ain’t no joke, returned him companion. It’s git fin ter be harder work ter keep fiuiu workin* dan it la ter work.
uiuie ever changes when he
get* married.
»
The Benedict—Oh, y ne. It does Before we were married my wife celled me Dearest,"
" Here, you Ve
»
war,
veins, her father having been at one time a minister of the North of Sent.
?
?
and new. she says
J
A

###PAGE###3###
m*


FOR NERYODS DISEASES
HOW TO ME A SATAOH
fluid her son, disdainfully. " When I leave the university 1 mean to see life. 1 ««hall travel all over Europe. I mean to be a man of the world.”
" You had better stay in London if you want to see life,” said the colonel. "The man who has not learnt hie society alphabet in London is always half a savage. It is all very well to talk about the suiwriority of foreign manners; but a fellow who hem been educated on the continent
wilch !s produced by bromine. "Dro-miLe sleep” is his expression, meaning thereby a sleep which lasts from five to nine days and from which the patient cannot he aroused even by violent shaking. During these days the patient lies still and, as it were, torpid, showing no desire for food or drink and in other respects almost as inert as a lifeless being. So completely is he at. rest that neither the loudest noise nor the most dazzling light has power to awake him. His strength however, must be maintained, and this is done by giving him food in the form of milk.
Accordirg to Dr. Mac lend the nerves
UNREQUITED LOVE.

" SLEEP CURE” TREATMENT SAID TO BE SUCCESSFUL
SCIENTIST SAYS that FOOD HAS INFLUENCE ON CHARACTER.


ii

BY M188 M. B BltADDON
H»b Mol Good for Hrali Werltere—
< wusNlIng Km lirely #f irgrtnblrs Is Mol Good -trial! of All Ulnd» I» beoo-•elnl.
'i’he effect of environment upon #*&-male and plants has been a recognised fact for many years, bub tbe influence of food upon all member» of the animal kingdom, including man, ia not mo well attested. Some years ago a reverend naturalist, bearing this fact in mind decided to make some experiments on fishes and other creatures; he fed about a dozes kinds of fish on a diet into which pepper entered to a large extent, and wins much gratified when he fouaf
i
I be IMwrevrry Umle In I'liliiu lly llr# Une I vr oil—Il lin» I he IteMill ef an Arel-deni — Morphine iieil Alcohol Hnhll» < omplelely < need—Horae of Ibe Use lor'» Kx per I me ni».
"" Paris la an admirable plane—for of every man to Iny hands upon A	man whw wants to waste him any other man's possessions. He is
time pleasantly,’1 said Laahmar, smiling at tba embryo diplomatist.
M D4d you waste your time there?" said the boy.
•' No, Vic. I am not the kind of
H
o
strong upon I he old thesis, * la propriété c'enI le vol.' The first man who inclosed a bit of ground was the enemy of the whole human race. He Is the sworn foe of the landowner and
I
A discovery of unusal Interest to physicians and tu all those who are I hen I will he a tiger,’’ retorted Buffering from nervous diseases was
rscently made in China hy lh Mac. a,l<* leod, a well known doctor and a apeci-
«
is generally h tiger.”
i
Victorian, stoutly
person to succeed In Parisian society. My gifts are in another line."
Poor o!4 I,nshmar. ^ ou are out all ranks, wage war against all priv-•nd «way the c'evereet chap 1 know. ||,ge(i oIsssm, ruza this bouse of ours When I think of how much you have to the ground, or turn it into ahos-read, and how much better you can pital or a phalanstery do sway with eonetrue a (ireek play than our toff, monarchy and the House of Lords, l« the sixth I take off my hat to and establish a Republican senate of you 1>" speak next Uedneaday week workingmen in which the brainwork-Lash, and give that Radical chap a ere or the professional classe» should good shaking.	Iw as ons in three. Ho.would have ami—
" Wel11 bear what Hpilhngton saya versa! peace-universal about It," answered Laahmar, quiet- I and, landing the falling in of other ly, If he wants me 1 II apeak He nations with these views, he would Is to stay here lhe night before the have England walk in gospel ways meeting. You don't mind, do you. and turn her left cheek to.be smitten mother I	by the hand that has boxed her on
the right cheek
the manufacturer. Ilie goda are llnus-ecau and Karl Marx. He would level
They were nearing llrurnrn there was an unmistakable change in g|ist in (ti„or,tera (>f the brain. Dr. the atmosphere. fl he fil’d gold had Macleod euid nothing about him dis-become dim. That pure radiance of Covery at the time, but the num-the westering sun was thickened and erous tests which he ham made since blurred, yet beautiful exceedingly then have proved go satisfactory that athwart the smoke-clouds. The street public attention hue been drawn to boys called out " 11 jorny,” am the car- them.
riage went by One keen-eyed brat Like many other discoveries, this caught the distorted profile of Lash- one was the result of an accident
1
gel in this way such rest as they could not otherwise obtain
I
The patients, too, after awaking, quickly recover their normal strength, anil during their sleep they do not suffer in the
l
least from an> obatruction of theii res pira tory organs or from any oth- Diat the skins of his patients changed color. Other s-mi ai experiment#
I
As er trouble. The weight, however, will not decrease if from one to two cups
in dieting were attended with like re-•uHs, and the naturalist soon came
mar's back, and cried out, "My eye ! he was visiting his patients one day Look at the hunchback 1*1
free trade;
the Doctor heard that a lady whom he af milk are given to the patient every
two hours
to the conclusion that food must have a marked effect upon the character and physical condition of the Individual.
Thin gentleman, confident of the result, dad not think It necessary to make experiments on man, and consequently was nixt able to propound any satisfactory theory—satisfactory to others, that is Hut several European experts in physiology have pursued the subject of the [influence of food u]x>n human beings, and one of these gentlemen has recently given his ideas—or, rather given expression to his convictions on this important point.
Dr. Macleod admits that
Laahmnr’H quick ear heard, and his	knew and who wus much addicted tu
thin lip« contracted ever so slightly,	the use of morphine had taken hy inis,
with the faintest expression of men-	take seventy-five grammes of bromine
tal pain. He had heard just such a	and had immediately fallen into a
speech many a time before. It did	deep sleep, from which she awoke
«You	say	he	is	a good	speaker.”	I not come upon him as a revelation. (	thoroughly cured of a nervous ailment
'I	have	never	heard him;	but Iain	He, the hunchback, was ft skilled gym-	which had afficted her fur nine years,
and his	| nast, but he had never exhibited his	and which had impelled her to take
skill in any public gymnasium. His :	large doses of morphine daily. Dr. Mac-
persons suffering from nervous disorders who are removed from their homes and taken to asylums will obtain there some much needed rest, which will naturally invigorate their nerves, but he insists that the rest obtained by a “bromine sleep" is much more salutary and enduring, and that such a sleep is also, in many respects vastly preferable to the sleep which is
Lord Lnehmar always deferred to hiis vtep-inother in all household matter», Invitations, and engagements. There were only four room» in Lash-
told that he is magnificent
inar Ceetle in which be reigned eu-	hea r,ad ||ke oratory. I
preme. The library was one, and his	looking forward to the fun to-raor-	own keen sense	of the ridiculous bin- lend investigated and	found that the
own sitting-room, bedroom and dress-	row njght We may be in a minor-	'	dered any ouch	foolish vanity.	«tory was true. The lady	had regain.
ing-room were the others. Lashmar’a	ily; hul ^re are ,)Iftnty of Conner-	I	To U	Continued.	ed her he'l,th and bad	lll>	mure dC8,,e
•ittlng-room opened out of the lib- Vativ«, io nrumm_ in 8pil, 0f her I	------«------ lor morphine than if ,be had never
rery, end would have eeemed a large	|ady8hl|>., doullte and we «hall make	| RELIC OF DR. LIVINGSTONE.	tU8,ed ll-
room in a smaller house. It was lined
l
am
i
the
i
RESULT OK HYPNOTISM.
This novel mode of treatment with
One swallow, however, does not j bromine is simple enough. During the
first two days of the sleep some slight
From what I have
• good fight
from floor to celling with bookshelves heard of Boldwood, he is not ellogoth-
eontaining the young peer's own par- er e ruffian-indeed, there are sonie
tirulur library, those book.» which had ' people who declare he is a gentleman
been the one luxury of hU life. New by birth and took a degree at Ox-book», or new editions for the most
make a summer, and neither is one
A Pan or (he Tree Under Which Hit cure infallible testimony to the ef- I difficulty is experienced in getting Heart Wat Kiri*», It T.ikm In London. ficienoy of any new kind of treatment, the patient to swallow the milk, but	If you wish to make a perfect aev-
When I>r.	Iivingntone died in C'en-	Dr. Macleml determined	to make some j af * *** that time	it	is	swallowed	as	age of th*	mildest rnan	in existence,
irai Africa, his faithful followers pin-	further tests with bromine, and soon	readily as	though	the	sleeper was	says this physiologist,	feed him ex-
balined the	body, carried it to the	had an Opportunity of	ascertaining	®wake
count and it	now lies in Westminster	what its effect would be	in other cases	every two	hours	in a glass, which	is	months he	would have	become ener-
i
i
i
ford. Yet I ehouhl hardly think this part; books in several languages ; | Uke|y from the appearance of the book» that had been their owner’s
The bromine is administered elusively on beef. In about » wo
man. lie was pointed out to me ones consolation in many a day of bodily in the street as I was driving through weakness and weariness—for Lush-
lie first e\- half full of water, the allowance lor getic and foolhardy to a degree; af-
who each dose being eight grammes and the ter three months, in most cases, that
Abbey, The heart of the great mis- of nervous disorders Hionary explorer wan, however, buried périmented on a young man
Brumm—» giant with unkempt hair
mar’» life had been made up of brief	dinreput-ibic	, ¦,llP, Hnd	a	slouching	under a tree beneath whose branches	was suffering from alcoholism and	total allowance for	the first day about	ruan	would have become as	untamable
Intervals of health between long per-	wnlk f hardly	»aw hi» face	but I got	** had breathed his last. One of his	who way also	thirty grammes.	The same treat-	as a	w.de	hull, and it would	be	dan-
iode of illness. Those halcyon days	n good i(lea	0*f	hifl bllii(1	and genera|	servants, Jacob Wainwrighi by name,	A MOltPUINE FIEND.	ment is continued	on the second day	gérons to	go near b*oi.
of	well	being	were	very sweet	to him,	«tvle	lie	is	a	brass-worker	earns	carved an inscription on the tree, The	The Doctor gave him	a dose of brom-	until the patient falls asleep Not 10 1 Ol NO	LADIES.
At	such	times he	spent	almost	all	his	bjgb	wagea	and	ia	gaid	(o	almost	I>art °f lhe tree trunk bearing this	i'ie which put him into a deep sleep.	until twenty-four hours later, how-
Inecription, or what is left of it, has	When he awoke, be assured the Doo	I ever, will the bromine really begin to
just reached London, and has been	tor that he did not fuel the slightest	I «Act on him.
added to the interesting relics of the	desire for alcohol or	morphine, and	Physicians in Great Britain and on
great explorer in the collection of the	since that day he has	wholly abstain- |	the Continent are much interested in
these experiments, especially as Dr.
u
The young lady who wishes to obtain a very beautiful, soft and white skin shou'd subsist constantly on milk end eggs, and the individual, wheth-ej- male or female, who desires brighten the intellect and preserve it fresh and vigorous should eat large-
life out of doors, and reveled in na- a gfniu« in his handicraft. He is not lure's loveliness, as only a highly a native of tiruram; and I don’t think truiifcd mind cun revel, lusting the any one in the place knows much must infinitesimal details in the feast a|)0Ut hia antecedents. He of beauty, the lights and shadows on (ille| a[ul aeema proud of his i„fidel-
the iw l a Is of the primrose, the sheen ,ty jje came to the town seven years on a beetle’» wing ;
to
is au Hi-
ed from them
Royal Geographical Society
The next experiment w as made on Macleod insista that there no danger
The tree was not seen by any white
man for more than twenty years after * lunatic w ho was be.ng removed in putting patients into much a pro- ly of eggs Bui ter has the effect of
though mean- from Japan to Shanghai. As ha was I longed «deep by me«n* of bromine. It making us sleek, pacific and lazy, if
enjoying every ag0 w[tii a wife and a baby variety of atmosphere and coloring, wife died soon after his arrival, and •very form of lowliest life, with that Ue hae uot m;trrie(| ug5im. That, col-sensitive instinct for nature which breathes in every line of Wordsworth's descriptive verse.
The
the explorer's death
while a bronze plate or tablet bad u fearfully excitable man, his utten- I has been pointed out that one of those | taken In quantities daily; the per-been sent out by Dr. Livingstone's dams feared that he would cause coo- on whom he tried the experiment died son who thus indulges in this oleagin-daughter to mark the place where •ternation among his fellow paesen- after it was over, but Dr. Macleod says ous ailment will so soon become fake died. Valuable presents, also, were	*nd, therefore, they asked Dr. that this patient was suffering at the tigued that he will be unfit for any
sent by the Royal Geographical So- Macleod, who was then in Japan, time from inflammation of the lungs kind of work or exercise.
the chief of the district to he could not give him something and that his recovery was practically Strong cheese is recommended in
onel, Is the full extent of my information about Jonathan Uoldwood.”
1 am looking forward to my en-If 1 had but any one to whom 1 counter wii b the gentleman,” said the could ted all my foolish fancies, 1 colonel, cheerily. " lie shall see that should be ever so much happier,” he % can #tand fire. But 1 look to you •aid to himself sometime» regretfully, t() ...ply l0	j am no orator.”
Induce him to protect the tree and lhat would keep him quiet during the I impossible. Finally, he maintains that ftmderation; it is suitable to those
The Doctor gave him some rest—absolute, prolonged rest — is who suffer from " nerves” for it acts
the plate. After many vicissitudts the Journey
to bromine, with the result that he be- the one thing which persons suffering , ko haved like a rationnai being until he | from nervous disorders stand most in
need of, and that they can obtain this
? eatom to excess
as a sedative, i u it» effects are not good, it is a matter of common belief that
" but there is no one Victorian would
bronze plate was handed over
A gentleman is always more than
said Victorian,
only laugn at me a.i a queer old, chap a m;itch for a cad, end my lady would lift her eyebrows wbu baj been making
and inwardly wonder if there was a the peat ht* while his alders were talk-strain of madness in the Lashinar
Chitambo. son of the chief of
dial l ift wan safely landed m Shanghai
A Chinaman who was excessively ad-I rest through the agency of bromine dieted to the u.se of chloral was the better than in any other way. Doctor's third patient, and after him
Mine name who ruled the
havoc with
mustard, taken internally, Is a preventive of rheumatism Our physiologist does not, unfortunately, touch on thip point, but he tells us something els» in connection with this condiment, which is of great importance, namely, that mustard and memory go together. If you wish to have a good memory and to preserve it unimpaired as lung as you live you must eat plenty of mustard.
The old idea that fish is good for brain workers is scoured; those who live exclusively on a fish diet will in time find themselves on a level with the f sb eating inhabitants of Northern Siberia, who rank as some of the least intellectual people on the face of the globe. The bumble potato, too, comes in for condemnation, it being the conviction of our phy-s.ologist that a constant diet of this popular tuber causes emui and fatigue
when Livingstone died there, (’apt Bia, the Belgian officer and explorer
mg
"Nut when the cad is on Jus own ground and hum an audience of five or six hundred cads tu back him up,” answered Spillington, " How many does your Town Ball hold, by the way, Lash mar V'
blood.”
delivered the plate to the chief, but Bia wall Hot able to visit the tree and the tablet was stolen soon after it had been in place by an Arab !«"*" the result was satisfactory.
||	||	¦ I When the Chinaman awoke from his
bromine sleep be found that all desire
came a lady whose nerves had been shattered by domestic trouble. In both
CHAPTER H
GRAINS OF GOLD.
Colonel Spillington dinèd at Lash-mar Castle upon the night before the meeting, lie was a fine average specimen of the British officer—bluff, outspoken, uninfceilectual, rightthinking and honest, a staunch Conservative and a thorough gentleman, lie was a man of just sufficiently good family to be tolerable in the eyes of Lady 1'illaud's daughter. There was at least no taint of trade in his lineage and he was therefore
slave trader who was raiding the o u slave trader who was raiding the country.
After Mr. Poulett-Weatberley visited the tree three years ago he wrote home that although it was still standing it waft in an advanced state of decay and must soon perish, involving the destruction of the inscription unless some steps were taken fur its preservation. The Royal Geographical Society decided to have the section that contains the inscription cut out of the tree and taken to London to be placed with other relics of Livingstone. Mr. Alfred Sharpe, the British Commissioner in the British Central Africa Protectorate, undertook to carry out the wishes of the society when an opportunity occurred. Finding last year that Mr. R. Cod ring-ton was about to visit the region of , Lake Bangweolo he requested him to undertake the work. Mr. Codrington consented to do so and a little later under the guidance of Chitambo he found the tree still standing, but in a very bad condition. When the tree was felled it was found to be completely hollow. The inscription had been partly effaced by wood borers. So far as it was legible, it was follows:
There is a limit at which forbearance ceases to be a virtue.—Burke.
tie a philosopher; but, amidst all your philosophy, be still a man.—
Hume.
There is no friendship, no love, like tbat of parent for child. —LI. W. Beecher.
There is always room for a man of force, and he makes room for many. — Emerson.
To persevere in one's duty and be silent is the best answer to calumny.
—George Washington.
The man who loves home best, and
loves it most unselfishly, loves his*
country best.—J. G. Holland.
Good humor and generosity carry
the day with the popular heart all
the world over. —Alexander Smith.
To improve the golden moment of
fur chloral had left him, and, when the lady awoke she found that her nerves had regained much of their former normal strength still was the Doctor's success with two other patients—one a man who had become almost crazy through the use of morphine and cocaine, and the other a young mother who for seven days had obstinately refused to taste a morsel of food, and who kept the neighborhood aroused by her delirious songs and laughter gave each of them the u>u
" Fifteen hundred ; and of those you may be sure more than half will be disciples of Bold wood ; but that need not alarm you. a* not half of those are voters.”
The meeting was to be at eight o'clock, so the house party at the castle took a lute luncheon and started
More remarkable
for tirumm soon after tea. Supper af-quulified to su at i he table with the ^er the meeting was to serve aa a
lady whose wealth had fur the must flUbstitute for the eight o'clock din-part come out of the coal pit and
who naturally scorned the idea of Colonel Spillington commerce. He was nut elated about
ner. This had been duly explained bo
, who liked his

IT.
Doctor
meals and thoroughly approved of the his election and had dark doubts as Lashmar chef. He detested tea and
to the power of the Radicals in	and muffins and all those dain-
Bj umm. Still he tried to he hopeful
dose of
bromine, w hich put them to sleep, and when they awoke their nerves culm and the past seemed to them like
were
of
ties with which Victorian gorged him-•‘There luuat be some respectable wl£ at five o'clock, when the little people in the place,” he maid.
" 1 fear not,” replied her ladyship
BOTH MIND AND BODY.
A diet consisting entirely of vegetables—using the word vegetables in the purely cookery sense—is considered injurious, whereas fruit is highly extolled. Fruit of all kinds is highly beneficial, as it produces an exhilarating effect without muddling the brain, as does alcohol. On the subject of fruit as an article of food there now a consensus of favorable opinion among modern physiologists Apples, for instance, are recommended as a brain food instead of fish; they contain a proportion of phosphorous, and the malic acid is of beneficial effect. Those who eat abundantly of this fruit—which does not mean immoderately—will not be slow to observe the advantages from a hygienic point of view The apple is an article of food rather than an adjunct to the dessert, or as something to be munched between meals, has gained considerably in public favor in the last few years.
The proportion of fruit which may be eaten varies with the temperament ; many people might subsist on a diet of which one half was fruit.
A HORRIBLE DREAM
\
In view of hese experiments Dr
party assembled in Lady Lashmar s morning room, full of the approaching
Macleod feels justified in claiming that as an aid toward the cure of*opportunity, and catch the good that
is within our reach, is the great art
" If there were uuy respectable peu- (rtiy pie such a person as tioldwood would nut be allowed to exist
nervous ailments hardly anything can he better than the artificial sleep
Do have some of these chocolate
of life.—Johnson
cakes, colonel,” said Victorian, with
they’re so good.” Thanks, no, my boy. 1 haven’t
"Unfortunately for us, mother, the bia mouth full, days are past when an obnoxious citizen could be sent about his business ta^ted sweets for the last twenty or even put in the private pillory, years, and 1 am afraid of tea. It al-euid her step-son "tioldwood is peace- waya turns to acidity. If,” with a de-able enough in his private life, 1 be- pleating glance at her ladyship, " if lieve, although he is somewhat tru- j might have a brandy and soda.” culent on the platform.”
The Inspector
ns
of Steamboats
By all means,” assented the dow-echoed Lady Lash- Bger, graciously, though she inward. You have such a namby-pamby |y scorned a man who wanted to he way of expressing yourself. 1 have periodically sustained by brandy and never heard the creature speak, but wdai
4.1
Somewhat 1
DR LIVINGSTONE, MAY 4. 1873.
For the Dominion Government was unable to find a cure for Itching Piles—After 9 years of torture he was positively cured by
mar
zA. Miniasere.
uchopere.
was very heavy and had
They started soon after six, intending 1f> I* early at ibe Town Hall,
1 have read his virulent nonsense in
The secti
to be somewhat reduced in size in order to transport it to the sea. When it was unpacked in London it was found to have stood the journey ex-I tremely well and steps were at once taken for its permanent préserva- at 346 Shaw street, Toronto, was for many years chief engineer on tion
ui
the papers and that is enough.”
"Virulent, sometimes, 1 grant, but where the candidate had to meet hie not always nonsense,” said Lashmar, agent and some of the Conservative
The man’s ideas are U10- nobilities of tirumm.
Dr. Chase’s Ointment.
quietly
pian, but he expresses himself with It was a delicious summer evening, a certain rough vigor and with a calm, peaceful, the atmosphere ateep-etrain of poetry—in fact the mania ed in sunlight, the earth breathing a born orator, and although he js for warmth and perfume; a delightful the most part Illogical, he has occa- evening in which to loll against the eional flashes of common sense.” , cushions of Lady Lushmar’s barouche,
"Who is this tioldwood ?” asked the to be gently lulled upon C springs, Excited lady, at the telephone.—!
the seventeen-handers trotted with ! went my husband, please, at once.
Voice, from the exchange. Number,
Mr. O. P. St. John, the Dominion inspector of steamboats, residing
the lake steamers, and is a prominent citizen.
In the following voluntary letter Mr. St.John tells of his efforts to rid himself of the misery of Itching Piles, and of his final success by using Dr. Chase's Ointment. He says ;
NUMBER FOUR.
eolonel, trifling with an olive;
erybody has been talking to me about rhythmical beat along the level turn-him since I consented to stand for pike road.
Brumm ; and, as I am a stranger in " A charming country,” be said pat-the land and his reputation is entire- roniziugly ; " but I wonder you can [fourth, you impudent thing! ly local, I confess myself still in the live so many months in the year at dark as to this powerful antagonist Lashmar Castle.” whom I am to meet front to front to-
ev- as
ESTIMATES.
The One—Now, you wouldn t think that shabby old fellow coming across the street was worth a million, would you ?
Dr, Chase's Ointment is an absolute cure for piles. It is the only The Other.—No l would not remedy guaranteed to cure piles, whether blind, itching, bleeding or pro- should say about |100,000. He doesn't trading. It is the only pile cure having the endorsement of eminent look poverty stricken enough for a physicians, and of the best citizens in the land. At ail dealers, or Ed-	millionaire. See! His boots are quite
manson, Bates St Co., Toronto.	sound. Indeed.
“ I suffered for nine years from itching piles, at times being unable to sleep on account of the annoyance caused by them. After trying almost ell remedies in vain, I began the use of Dr. Chase's Ointment, which entirely cured me. I cannot speak too highly of it. I have recommended It to several of my friends, all of whom have been cured by its use.
please.
Excited lady, snappishly. Only the
SIGN OF THE THREE BALLS.
‘1 am fond of the country and I So Mrs. Pawney continues the brok her ladyship. " I dare say when Vio- er business since her husband’s death "Mr. tioldwood is a high priest of torian grows up I shall spend more How does it pay her# advanced Radical Imp,” answered Lash- of toy time in G convenor square.”	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
m»r. " He believes in the divine right " 1 am not going to live in London,” widow
I
morrow night.**

Not very well. She’s s poor loan

-



rr

_____

###PAGE###4###
7

\\rANTKD-Honest man or woman to tra-? t _Vbl for large house; salary i#ti> monthly ami cxptMihOH, with Increase; position permanent; I wove sHf-ti'hlreMtd stamped envelope. MANAGER, o.'iD Vax ton b!«Jg., Chicago,
School Tax Notice.
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
MASSE Y-H ARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . • •
SHAW VILLE.
Wheat, (sbintlav<l> ftl mill, 03 to 08c Ouïs pvr bushel, -U t o 27c.
Pease per huslieî, tM) to (X)c.
Kggs, pci
Putter, \\v pouml, PI toi1 Wool, per pouml, Ht to IV Pelts, eni h, 43 to 7oe.
Calfskins, it) to
1 tl
ni
mled ni
Moved, s-
School Taxes that at the 20th Inst, shall he < This is the last favor
l
SHAWVILLE, JUNE 14, 1900
not settled before
Ivutvcl wit It VOst.s.
le not ' ( -111 tilt M.XT1IKSON,
Svc.-Treisurer.
Clearing
SALE
Millinery.
Ile
EDITORIAL NOTES
h June, Ilk U
Clarendon
DO YOU WANT
OU man Kruger’s seat of government is now located in a railway car, in order that he may shift it from place at a moment’s notice, lie says the war wi’l be continued as long as 500 burghers remain together.
Trespass Notice.
V fl
of
LORD VELVO.I A WAGGON
THAT WILL STAND
Ml partie are hereby notified s i>\ cattle or of any nature forbidden from t hi
i
|,a
is st i
Lot Hear"! of Clai
Oil
r
i
i
I am now
PIÎED. TIPPING, Ownei
23,911
ng
Clarendon, Sun
1M
Hon. Tlios. Bain, Speaker of the House of Commons, has informed his constituents that he intends retiring to private life at the close of the present Parliament. Mr. Bain is one of the old Liberals, and like many others of that school is doubtless finding hid present environment uncongenial.
S3TAT COST
Black Stallion, Foaled Sept. 8, i595.
Tenders for Masonry.
tlie whole of my Urge block of Fashion able Millinery uonxl.illng of
HATS, BONNETS,
SILKS, VELVETS,
LATHS. CHIFFONS,
VEILINGS, FLOWERS,
FEATHERS, &> ., &<¦.
All of the qost Stylist; and Up-to-Date Nature.
the test on any kind of road ?
1 Hrod tmd V
Sired by the Champion and Baetest Trotting Stallion owned In Canada, the great
t ered
St
l l>v tl
Scaled tenders will 1 undersigned up to Friday, the loth day of June Inst., for the following masonry in connection with the tower of St. Stephen's church, Thorne Wo»t, namely : A stone wall Hi feet high and x OJ feet dimensions, ami to be 2 feet in thickness.' the work to form the completion of wall which i> already built to a height of 10 feet ; also pointing of church 50x31 Work to he completed on or before the
Legislature, and intended to become law ! ’‘Viuideivrs are wqueated to estimate on
a year hence, will be submitted to the cost of work with or wiihout material re . ,	.A1	, .. n	quired. Contract-will he paid on compte
judicial committee of the Privy Council ^n of work. The lowest or any tender
to determine its constitutionality or other- not necessarily accepted.
•	. .	.	.	JOHN HOIXilNs,
wise. If the act—which is very stringent |	Thorne West
in its provisions—is found to be ultra
vires of the powers of the Legislature, it
will be repealed at next session.
The Bain Waggon
GENEVA, 8,345,
Has proven a success all over the world. There are hundreds of them in use at the present time with the Imperial troops in South Africa, made by the Bain Waggon Co. of Canada. We are offering the people of Pontiac the same Waggon at reasonable prices.
Hack Recmip, 111 J.
FIRST PAM - YELYKTKEN,
Race Record 2.X1L Standard bred and registered, <ttr See extended pedigree on card.
Tin xi
The Manitoba prohibitory liquor law introduced at the present session of the
xS feet
X» circumstances compel ni y curly retirement from business sale will continue at cost price until the whole stock is sold out.
This great Colt stands 10.2 hands high, weighs over 12U0 pounds and has shewn a 2-minute clip. He will he one of the fastest horses in America. Having large size and height, possessing extreme speed and being royally bred, this horse is the l>est type to produce the horses needed by the
Farm for Sale. ^SpurS,:ho^a,,ster’eerrleseand
The undersigned offers for sale that de I LORD \ ELXO will make a season, be-sirable farm known as the Stanley Farm ginning 1st of May, standing as follows
The situation in China is reported to be I on Lot No. 17, on the 9th Range of Vlaren- Monday at Bryson,
growing more alarming day by day | with house, barn and stable erected | Tuesday at McGuire s Hotel, Shawville.
Thursday, at Kelly's Hotel, Campbells Bay.
Remainder of the week at Bryson.
MRS. IVjcWILLIAMS,
Shawville.
SMART & SMITH.
MO DIFFERENCE.
of the movement of I thereon. The premises are well watered
with a nice lake. For further particulars apply to WILLIAM STANLEY,
Charter is P. O
on account
' the “ Boxers " against foreign residents. It is becoming apparent that the powers will have to interfere with a resolute
P. S.—Buggies, IVjowers and Binders.
The fact that the name of
our place of business has been changed from Park man to Starke'» Corners makes no difference with us.
We are still In the old stand, doing business on the same fair, square-dealing lines ami ever ready to meet the requirements of our customers.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NEW AND COMPLETE STOCK OF
Service Fee —$10—payable at time of
Ho insisted that service
hand if order is to be restored and safety | Dominion was entitled
President Loubet visit the Canadian sec tion as that of a country distinct from the British possessions, otherwise he would close all the doors of that section. The point was conceded, whereupon the Can The judicial commission that is to en-1 adl1*11 displayed evident gratification
The Canadian band played the " Mar . Wanted for School No. 1. Lower I.ltch-. eeillaise, with such eutuuaiasm that, ac- field, a Female Teacher hoMiiui n First or Conservative party tried to have ventilât- cording to the Temps, they forgot to keep Second Cln»s Elementary Diploma. Aped before the Committee on Privileges time, while cries of ** L mg live L.mbet ” i plications stating salary to be addressee! to and Elections in the House some time I a,ld “ L™S livî tllB Republic,” burst - 1 16 undersigned on or before the noth of
from all sides, tilling the gardens with echoes.
When Mr. Tarte bid farewell to the
Long live
S. A. MACK A Y
to life and property assured. About time the flowery Kingdom was partitioned off,
Manager. Bryson, Quo
anyway
Teacher wanted.
gJfTJl Patent Express
Boggy Wheels
quire into the election frauds, which the
!
-/ *

and
June, V.KX
>
\
*1
PETER M« LEAN, Sec.-Trea*., Bryson, Quo
ago, has boon named by Premier Laurier.
The commissioners are Chancellor Boyd,
Judge Falconbridge and County Judge | President, he shouted
France."

#
Summer
mm
(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
For Sale.
/
McTavish. The scope of the commission, it is stated, will not be restricted.
Goods
I
On the Run
on e
iïlcDGUGÂLL and GUINEAS Hardware Stores,
I term» hi
Oom Paul and Botha are not the only
sawam.mud
r cover. Amongst them are a	Cl 11 u C&rdlUg Mill,
tcrions compound called “ Emergency I number et tierce old Liberal warriors, who together w\ \x n g0Oq i)xvelH,.^ Hou e and Ration ” was purchased for the Canadian Pa8^ gone years battled strong.y Out-l)ui!oing>, with about twenty live
«*. » -«*¦¦ »• » «=«¦• — I	„l rix	..... ""
w here about fourteen times higher than | tvhich every plank m the Liberal plat- Intending purchasers can view the pro-the same stuff was'"sold ‘to other people, form has been heartily abandoned—the Iwt,v nml examine the tondit ion of the
«*	rrxttmrrt. „
retiring to public life. Mr. Speaker / V	,	.	,
B,in	W	, .0 Jgftsy*»»sS~Str5E
tinLivingston, of South Waterloo, in-lathe.
I and so b Mr. Snet zinger, of Cornwall,	The caniing mill machinery Is as good as
On the occasion of the address to Her Campbell, of Kent,	Mr. Pri ton, cf	new and all that L necessary there	i»
Majesty, moved in the House of Com-	Kingston, and Mr. Erb,	of Sauta Perth.	! clothing for the rollers.
juvenile member for Libelle, Henri	room for Hon. NX iliiarn	IVeravn who is	and the price and terms will he	made
Bourassa, struck a note of discord, which 1	aa much in search of a	seat as Japheth	known t » suit l»ona tide purchaser*»
1 or f her Inrormation apply to
W. J. POUPORE,
-Room 31, Ontario Chandlers,
Ottawa Ont
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customer*.
Mr. Monk, M. P., has been looking into a little deal made by the Department of Militia, whereby a supply of scmiemya- striking f
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
\
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
TEAS! TEAS!
• • •	0*9
Our stock of Tens stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
Are not Surprised in the World

to think much of the zealous M. P. for exposing tho fraud.
Tlicir
urns Wire Fsaciogs
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE'S CORNERS.
l
1
u - of successful n ’ railway.
1
mons on
PKCÏAL (
YI.AK OX
Dale Bros
HOG FENCING,
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Picton, Ont.
was in search of a father. The Minister .. . .	.	,,	.	. of Customs, who now represents North
w.’.iCti he gamed for himself at tho open- ¦ Grey, is compelled, through h-av of (Icing of the session when he placed on re- 1 feat, to seek another constituency; and
cord his opinions as opposed to the idea 19 Somerville, while a staunch Liberal, has shown himself disinclined to
,	.	,	.boldly champion the misdeeds of the
the country, in sendingarmed aui.tanco to Laurier Government, like the McMullen»
contend for the course of tho British Em- and the Caseys, he is to be cruelly set	A	very few	days	more	remain	to	those
pire in South Africa. Bourassa objected aside after many years of faithful service	still	in arrears for school	taxe* in	this	Mu-
protest against the Government sanction- . needed in the grand cause of the new	' h, la NO,
ing or authorizing their equipment ; but .Liberalism.	!	See.-Treasure!
thev went last the same, onite «differ- ' R « *!*> stated that Mr. D. C. Fraeer, Munlclpnl.ty of S.iawvillo. May S81
/	.	. . ,	4	1	.	, . of Guysloro, >.6, and several old line1------------------------------------
ent to the miniature tempest raised by Itougel of Quebec, will also decline n Ilia liypn a
the member for Labelle. Now, his re-. nomination ; and the electors w ill doubt-	fj il B™ | 1	|
f usai to offer to Her Majesty the con- lees see to it that a number of others If	5 Ln U ¦
gratulations of Canada, expressed through B*^?ae c'Jn^llct	House has belied, •
representahves in parliament, that tiped ^ next electlon day.-Montreal the war is nearing i+s termination, and ' Star.
will go far to accentuate the notoriety
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE,
For aale by the Hardware Merchant sand. General Deal by the Canadian Hare ware Jobber-».
GEN. AGENTS The G. Greening Wire Co. of If Agent fur Railway Fencing : -James Cooper. Mon Correspondence with Manufacturers invited.
it Canada. A1
i ou
n an 1 Montreal
School Taxes.
f parliament backed up by the voice of
»
Are well equipped to supply all the demands of
A Travelling-General Agent
Wanted
THE SPRING AND SUMMER TRADE
with a complete .stock of all necessary articles in

An experienced canvasser, or a man with good character and address, with the necessary ability
An Active Canvasser !t0 travel from town to town and appoint agents. In Pontiac County, to work | No canvassing. Salary and expenses paid. Position permanent and promotion according to merit.
The Bradley-Garretson Co
BRANTFORD, ONT.
TIN and AGATEWARE.
__	I
Orders for Special Articles will receive promt attention, specialty,
cur
Tin Roofing a
the pro-Doer tenor of his remarks has met with the indignant protests and hoots and hisses even of his fellow-members in the House, while the address to our beloved sovereign passes with tumultuous enthusiasm.
If Bourassa was in search of notoriety, he has certainly gained it (unfortunately at the expense of the country), and having thus ingloriouely accomplished that
Address to the Queen
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NVRSERY IN CANADA
The following is the address to Her Majesty, passed in the House of Commons on Thursday of last week, which pro-Boer Boer Bourassa objected to
11 To the Queen's most excellent Majesty : | pay weekly, free outfit and good terms 44 Most Gracious Sovereign :
41 We, Your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal.	,	_ H I ÆÊÊ I
subjects, the Senate and House of Com- | AS to our stock and reliability, to assist in
......	.	.	..	.	.... , mons of Canada, in Parliament assembled, canvassing
object, it is time for him to quit ills desire to offer to Y’our Majesty our heart-
treasonable babbling. If he cannot fall felt congratulations on the approaching
in with the way things are managed un- termination of the war in South Africa,
d„ British ,u„... w, » ». -iii .b	! _
j«et t. h,. tno.mg oil with pt.cipit.te hl„ a,„„dld tl, Bri[|<h	,,	.
despatch. There may be somewhere on The feelings of pride and satisfaction , inJRri^eh ^	^ L Vme < f lt
in Canads. And Mr. Tarte might be in- are Chanced on the present oocaai.-n°by ' ,hen a n!lrlcle\ The Ut«" "batacle to hi. ! Fine»! nml safest rlfie ever mi e
vited to join the expedition, without I the proud couaciou.nea, that through the ; S"!,' %heh^Zn ^partylol | wnt. for cornet, ,m ttuie»» .en^yp^mn,th.W,.meo,th.	^	'
theeDrea,ent,Uiùmrnner	^ i , LATEK.-The eiectfon, were held on
mwsmfÊÊÊË
HIGHEST PRICE PAID
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO
• 9 Limited
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
Permanent position to good, steady man
Mention this paper
Splendid local references w ill be supplied
.303 Calibre.

Apply to
C. K. GRIGG
)
>
RENFREW, Ont
Savage Magazine Rifle.

THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
Tte Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Mooter.
One rifle take* six different cartridges Point Blank Range for Hunting.
for large or small game
OO., UTICA, N. Y., U. 8. AMERICA
Teachers Wanted.
Teacher Wanted.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Tarte Creates a Sensation in
Paris.
XN anted, a Protestant Female Teacher,
holding a tir»t or second class diploma for
the Province of Quebec to teach Disevn-
t lent School No. 1, Calumet Island, for ten
months beginning August 1st and ending
June 30th, 1000, (February omitted) and to
teach .Saturdays if required. Applicants w ill please state salary expected on applying to the undersigned Secretary not later than June 20th prox. _________ TJ
¦
The Board of School Commissioners of
the Municipality of Clarendon, County of
Pontfac, .will receive applications from
School Teachers up to the hour of Ten of
the clock in the morning of Wednesday the twentieth day of June, 1900, for the purpose of engaging Teachers to till the vacancies in the 13 schools in the Municipality—(Elementary Teachers.) Also one Teacher for the Model School.
By order, H. MATHESON,
Sec. Treasurer,
,	Shawville, Que.
KMr iZZ, rntiffitt:
IciNaliiQ Grocer end |to' ejMp"r The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller eed Stetleeer.
The
recedence isn Minister of
ng P Canad
concerning Tarte,
Works, refused to accept British Com- administration of just and equal laws 11 missioner Jekyll's programme for the re- ! 44 We pray that for your people's sake ception, on the ground that it did not the blessings of Your Majesty’s reign give Canada the importance to which the may long be continued.
Nearly ten years after Sir John Macdonald's death his opponents find it necessary for the relief of their feelings to at tack hts memory. He was a great man.— Montreal Gazette.
which flow from a wise and benificent
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.; Limited
KoatrMl wad Tor.nto, <"
F. CARSWELL, ' Sec.-Treas., Dunraven, Que
u
J
###PAGE###5###

?














/
»
THE EQUITY,
JAS. HOPE & Co.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
I If ANmCTURIM) STATIONERS,BOOKAEL ,	I**"", Bookbinder* Printers, etc, Depository
rue Ottawa Auxlllr-rj Bil.loAovlvty,Ottawa,Out.
JURE OPENING
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests
rVBMHUED EVERY THURSDAY
at HH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1,00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
$4T No paper stopped until all arrearages c paid, uuleas by special arrangement with ublluher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
A. SMILEY, Prop.
V>TAJ PURLI \ NOTARY FOR THE REMANI E loan AND NAV1NO.S Co.,OK ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - . QUE.
\\ ill be in Slinxvville on Tuesday nml Sat Uivltiy of every week.
?— ?—?
TOOKE BROS’
HIGH GLASS
20:
ADVERTISING RATES;
The Frost & Wood
Legal advertising. right cent* per lino for | — first Insertion mml four cents per Hoe for each Hul)MV<inent Insertion.
JKdSHtwpS ";tr?X09edlD“ouo ,Bch lu-1 baHikf ok THE SUPERIOR COURT,
Local announcements Inserted at the rate I 5? District of Pontiac, Otllce, Main Ht;,
naaxv ville.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
R. MITCHELL,
Blouses Shirt Waists
of five cents per lino for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Instiled at low rates, which will he given on application.
Advdgthymeuls received without Instructions ncvomptuiylng them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for ac cordingly,
Birth, marriage and dentil notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
and

DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
No. 8
Mower.
We have the exclusive right * to handle these beautiful goods in town
81. Nepean St., Ottawa, Out
e#

?
Lumber if All Kinds B#( and Sold.
?
JOB PRINTING.
mi kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Urd,'r"l,y ,ual1 promptly j Prompt Attention given to all
Commissions. Prompt
Returns-
Commission Business a Specialty.
CONSIGN M ENTS SOL I CITE D.
In point of durability and perfect running qualities this machine is acknowledged to be the
peer of any Mower in the market.
Ladies tell us wo have the handsomest selection of Shirt Waists to be found in Shawville. They are going fast. Make a selection before they are all
— — picked over — —
They range in price from 45c. to $2.00.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
Business Cards.
lUmiKWBA BY PKRMI'HION :
Dénia Murphy, Pies. Qttvwa Transportation Co. F. W* Avery,, Hull Lumber Co.
J. T. Shirrlll, E. B. Eddy Co.
Latch ford k McDougall, Barristers,
!m Hcnev k Hons.
H N. Bate k Sou.
Among the important improvements lately introduced it is provided with the new serrated or sickle-edge Guard Plates, the advantage of which cannot be overestimated, especially in cutting light grass when mower is running in same direction as the wind.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoij, B./\., M.D..C.M.

Graduate or McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the lute Dr. II. H Knox, Shawville.
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN StylTlj, Proprietor.
s
Ladles’ Skirts
Duck and Crash Skirts, Lustre, Brilliantine,
and Roman Satin.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
Cultivators, Raises, Binders, &c.
And everything in the Machinery line required bythe Farmer.
A. SMILEY -""SHAWVILLE.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omet àvd Rkmidkxcb : J. II Anusraoso'» House, MAIN STREET - • SHAWVILLE.
The spot spot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, oh A Clean Shave.
Hats
*T Your Turn next.
-------------- In Fedoras, Christies, Linen and Straw.
(j, M.DODBIÛSOD, sPecial ’Cycling or Boating Caps in light shades
11	just the thing for hot weather.
Call early and look over our values in Ladies’
Misses’ and Childrens’ Straw Hats.
LEGAL.
V
\\
nr A NT j I » - Honest man or woman to tra-? " v«il for large house ; salary $85 monthly find expo nues, with Increase ; position permanent : Inclose self-add refused stamped envelope. MANAGER, S50 Caxton bldg. Chicago.
D. WILSON’S,
BOUBBElli RAIHViLLE, L. L, L
i
)
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
in
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit Shawville every Monday.
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
-ALSO--
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed.
and
tp HE

JEWELLER
WM. GAMBLE,
PORTAGE DU FORT
KKKP8
A 3*1 ICr STOCK OP
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE

0
BARRISTER, Ao
Room 20, Trust Building, No.
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday |
of each month.
am ce-over Q. F. HodginV Store, Main St
it
•I
18 Sparks | 'i'rWtoS
The C. F. HODGINS
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
Roller Mill
. i
U
& *m
I

Rspaii
a n
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
Arthur McConnell,
SHAWVILLE, Q.p
. S.—Headquarters fer Ladies’ Underwear, Gloves and Hosiery.
Customers promptly ar.d courteously treated.
TTORNEY AT LAW, Main Rt. Hull, | -Que, will, at request, attendait courts tntlie district. All correspondeuccpromptly answered.
W ill visit Shawville regularly on the third Thursday of every month.
\
District and Country.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.

?XZ'W'V
Mr. Moure, S a-'atead, will move an Amendment to the Franchise Act to the effect that women «hall bo put cn the votera* liata for the Dominion elections.
Tip Buckingham Post has entered upon the bth year < f publication, and appears to b-s in quite a healthy and prosperous condition.
. Tlia Gatineau Beacon objecta to the people having to nay for the re registrar tion of deeds, in Ottawa county, destroyed by the tire.
Burglars have been operating at the village of Douglas, breaking into tlio post office, v Ivre they secured about $K3, and into McEichren'a ttore where the haul - - QUE. I 0D,T amounted to a few cents.
Owing to reasons which he does not explain, Mr. A. E Dunlop, the choice of
First Quality Flour.
Tbs Shawville
The C. P. R. land sales fur May wer* 00,000 acres for §213,000, cr §3,000 ov< r April.
Shirley Sr Dietrich, the saw makers, propose to establish a factory at Ottawa if they can secure an acre of laud and 300 horse power. They ask the city counc’l for exemption from taxation for ten years. They would employ fifty men at the outset and more as the business developed.
Mr. Théo. Perrault, of Renfrew, a veteran of 1870, brought to town on May 24th an Orange Free State fhg, captured by the Canadians at the battle of Paarde-berg. It is formed of white and yellow bars, and in the upper corner contains one bar each of red, white and blue. It was sent to Mr. W. A. Fraser, Renfrew, from Private Thos. French. Much interest was taken in the tidg by those who *aw it.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
GEO. HYNES,

SASH and DOOR
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C ,
Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full re j turns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
OF THi: PROVINCE OF QUEBEC
Molsons* Bank Chanilnq»—
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
—ALL KINDS OF—
11 Metcalfe St., Ottawa.
Phone No. 1173.
Law business In Ottawa and Pontiac I)i tricto attended to.
JOSEPH BROWN,
Interior & Eiierior

>•
PROPRIETOR.
I
FINISH FOR
Houses 3c Verandahs
W. W. IRELAND,
FOR SALE:
MANUFACTURED.
Clerk of the District Magistrate»' Court.
Cominlualoner and Conveyancer. Deed», Mortgages, etc., executed leg»Uy und satisfactorily.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of | A quantity of— Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING

doors, sash, newel posts, dresseo
LUMBER, Ac. &c,
Kept in stock and made to Order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRICBfl.
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
SHAWVILLE

Pulpwood Notice.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
OAILIFF of the SUPBR1QR COURT I North Renfrew Conservât ires, «ays 1 j Shawville.Que., respectfully solicits in a letter to the president of the Con»
witSqi1?crnf/utÙYbi ote1 .“'vu^on’i I ecrT1,i'-e A,,ocietion' lhat lle “ con,i,el
made iudpromptroturnns-sured
McCREDIE & HODOINS.
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Estimates furnished.
Parties wishing to take out Poplar wood this year are requested to contract at once for amount of wood they can take out.
ltd to decline the nomination.
The Sultan of Turkey rises at six, and after devoting the whole morning to work with his secretaries, breakfasts at noon. After this he takes a drive or a row on the lake in his vast park. At eight he dines, and amuses himself during the evening with his family, listening white j his daughter plays on the piano. He is I extremely fond of music. The Sultan j dresses like an English gentleman, but i

' I The Fox Bay settlers, Island of Anticosti, will leave ’he island this week and emigrate to the VYinnipegosis district, where the government has granted them
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County I a lract of Iandl
Bi.hopThornhmufAlgom., harm, of any kind taken and disposed of by public ! declined the co-arljutor bishopric of Door private sale on reasonable tonne. ’Pub-, tario diocese .dean Williams of Quebec,
moUÏÉ!eY^1UeCttvedofel»n?e,l« lK.' oil ! ... ua.nhnou.lv cbo.en to the office at a hand for sale; Office : Shawville,Que. | meeting in Kingston last Thursday.

We do not want anyone to commence cutting wood for us without having a signed contract.
GENERAL.
THE AYLMER 1 CREAMERY CO
PATENTS
J. J. TURNER,
MACFARLANE BROS
Campbell's Bay.
¦J

, Aylmer Que.,
PROMPTLY SECURED
Spring
Season
Write for our interesting books •• Inventor’s Help" and •• How you are swindled." Send us a rough sketch or model of yotir invention or improvement and we will tell you, free our opinion as to whether it is probably, patenta hie. Rejected applications have often, been successfully prosecuted yy us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, nnd Washington ; tins qualifies us to prompt-, ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.	(
Patents procured through Marion & Ma-, lion receive special notice without charge in ] over ioo newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion.	(
Specialty Patent business of Manufac-, turers and Engineers.	(
MARION & MARION ]
. Patent Experts and Solicitors. «
/ New York Life B ld g, Montreal ( 1 Atlantic Bldg.Washington D.C.
invariably in a frock-coat, the breast of | ut°MiA'winghv the 'funner' 'of PonU<£ which, on great occasions, is richly embroidered and blazing with decorations There are over 400 cooks and scullions employed iu the Imperial Palace.
- j the advantage of reaching the Creamery . ! through their Skimming Stations now ig established at different points along P. P. J. Railway, where milk will be received every morning, separated by an AI nil de Laval Separator, and the skim milk immediately returned to the patrons.
The price of the milk will be paid every month at actual market value, determined by the Babcock test. Furthermore we are prepared to advance money to our patrons at any and all times.
Anyone wishing cans may obtain them y applying to our superintendents at any of the station#,_______________________
be in
r	OÎ ... Kingston, June 11.—Dean Williams, of
VOUrt 2>Il<LWV1116, Quebec, has informed the authorities of No 5276. I the diocese of Ontario that ho also dois vaâ =:
Court due.mu.lbepaid 1 >“ske »colher cholce' promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. S. Barnett, F.8
the
*To.e

utor bish-une 20 to
CONSUMPTION BILLED " CONTAGIOUS.”
ma
Trenton, N. J., Places it in the Same Category as Smallpox.
New York, June 7.—The board of health of Trenton, N. J., has adopted an
The proposal of the Government contained in the bill before Parliament to amend the Elections Act, to disfranchise permanent members of the Mounted Police has been abandoned.
contagiousdi.ea.ei, and hasty burial is It provjde, finel and imprisonment for necessary.	I physicians, who fail to report cases of
consumption withita thirty days after they
L.B.C.
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
[jK pails
MILK PANS BREAD PANS DISHES of all Hinds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
J. A. Cowan, R.S.
Hugh Hobbs, C. R.
HOTELS.
BINDER TWINE.
/til
)
Canada.
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac.
No. 1302.
St. Lawrence Hall
I
t
Parties who heretofore have purchased their Binder Twine from me will find it to their advantage to place their orders with me for this season's supply. Right prices may be relied upon.
¦ J AS. ARMSTRONG,^^^™
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
t
Mr. Casgrain, who gave Quebec the most severe election law in Canada, pro-110 diagnose them.
jsuibsS* '""""-""I ‘bS L‘SVhti;:
First-clash Livery Attached.	| ment. It his suggestions are accepted it
will not be the law’s fault if in future •• the machine ” is caught at work.
In the District Magistrate’s Court at Shawville.
Bristol Wharf
Green Lake.
ALEXANDER ARGUE, of the Township of Clarendon, in the District of Pontiac,
an inspection of which is invited.
FRESH and CURED
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
Plaintiff,
¦Bn California two years ago circurn-1	>rrPPYv	_ Qf nvrnn
stantial evidence hanged Theodore Du- *	V• li il	A T O ^OVcSi
ÆSSlÆSs meats-
Williams. The crimes were perpetrated | Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will con-in cold blood and the chain of circurn-1 tinue to do so this season as follows : stantial evidence against the young man was very strong; yet he stoutly protested his innonence to the last moment when the law claimed his life in atonement.
vs.
ROBERT KIDD, heretofore of the Township of Clarendon, said District, but now absent from the Province of
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
*T

Defendant.
The balance of our stock of Stoves to be cleared out at reduced figures.
of all kinds at
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of said Court.
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
ipfcial notice, without charge, In the
Scientific American.
SBSSSEBJSS
hStor,'rsSEl9rt
Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
Leave Bristol W^arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
Shawville, May 11th, 1900.
THE SHAWVILLE
Meat Market
J. a. McGUIRE,
For Sale.
C. E. WAINMAN
Now comes the story from a California L e j n • i papor, that Rev. Gibson, who was pastor | LCaVB baflu rOlfli
of Emmanuel Baptist church at the time the foul deeds were committed, has made a death-bed confession, that it was his hand which destroyed both girls 1 The preacher was an active witness against Durant at the trial.
1
The South East Half of Lot 20 and S. E. Half of 21 in First Range of Litchfield. 200 acres, known as the Porteous Farm ; a valuable ^property, two miles from Bryson village. To be sold on easy terms.
Apply to M AILES COWLEY.
Shawville-
P.S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.,
Meeting all Trains.
CEORCE BALLANTINE,
Proprietor.
Bristol.
Ferryman.

A
###PAGE###6###


515




J
%
this effect of the fata in the food, that the oowa not only yield more fat In the milk, but at the same time accumulate a surplus which Inurea to the increased quantity of fat in the milk for a considerable time after the feeding of the meal has been suspend-
P
when the offer of the Irish Secretaryship arrived. lie confided him fears to a doctor, who told him the office would save his life. He took It, and with it health.
Very different was the escape of another member of the House from death. In 1867 Mr. J. F. X. O’ftrien, now M. P. for Cork, was tried for high treason in connection with the Pen* || . | lan movement. He was convicted, and sentenced to be hanged,
DRAWN, AND QUARTERED.
However, this was commuted to
THE INFUSION OF
WHEN YOU WANT TEA, THINK OP
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.



THK RELATION OF FOOD TO MILK
FAT.
Tbs
CEYLON.
•d
HAD PA0KAÛ1S. *#, M 4%##a*S#0t
CEYLON ORBEN TBA
is superior to that of the finest Japan tea grown
This subject has been before us aa one of the most interesting problems of the industry of feeding •ows for the dairy, for fully a score of years and more, but it was many | years before it was regarded as one of the problems to be studied and settled by the medical profession and physiologists generally, writes Dr. , Henry Stewart
It might be urged that the feeding of the foods rich in fat, for short intervals of three weeks, is not so satisfactory a test as the feeding through some months, during which. In my own practice when feeding palm-nut meal having 12 per cent, of fat in it, comparison with corn meal having half as much fat in it, for sii months steady, the yield of butter from one cow increased nearly 50 per cent., or half as much as the difference between the corn meal fed and the palm-nut meal fed afterwards.
+

WEIGH
Thinking of painting9 Weigh carefully the matter of "cheap"
pain* befors buying It. Don't buy •tuff In the paint line, becauseit’s cheap—it’s never cheap.	'
MAN! HOPELESS CASES,
IT!
NUMBER OF FAMOUS MEN WHO HAVE CHEATED DEATH.
penal servitude for life, and subsequently he was released man can boast such an experience. Many famous men have cheated
No other
RAMSAY’S
PAINTS
It might seem to be really a subject better fitted for the attention of such experts rather than for persons who do not make their ex-
fee# I Ithmlet Wee lilvre Right era Meath* lu Which lo llvr-glr Aadrew Clark Whs Miaeked by < ou«uuii»ilt»a When a I death for years, and so altered Ihe Nea-Mr. Archibald Wa* HI*-1 world's history
rk.rgril Hem Ik* HM,.llkl u ¦>'¦» B0 pliny and delicate a babe that hi,
able
1
Isaac Newton was
i NT
are not cheap paints, but #h you pay for them you pay. for t beat that's made, sad when you weigh the matter, weigh the " can " and eee that you are retting more paint to the gallon than you ever got before from say other.
périment» in a truly scientific man-

an
survival was accounted miraculous. In
the
ner
It should be borne iu mind that When u man is sentenced to death 1753.thirty-eight years before bis cows may be educated to consume a -by doctor 01 by judge-his career is death-John Wesley was so convinced greatly increased quantity of food and, regarded as closed. Metaphorically of hig approaohing death by consump-turu it to profit; also that cows dif- speaking, his grave is dug and his (ion that he wrote hig epitaph
fer in their natural ability to make coffin made, says London Answers. wrole himself as having "died of a profitable use of food, aiul while some Hut in many notable cases the grim consumption in the fifty-first year of will respond favorably to a test of tyrant Death is cheated of his victim hi# age not ieaving, after his deb s this kind, others will not; and that for many years. The condemned man some dairymen are obliged to discard most beretically refuses to die, and some cows on this account, while they proves his vitality to the whole world, fie(|
The question to be put accurally is, does the cow extract the fats from her food by ordinary process of assimilation convey, we cannot say convert, the fata thus consumed into that part of the milk which we call the butter fat f In other words, is it
'A
He
1. espa f M’m
i
are paid, ten pounds behind him." Both doctors and himself were falsi-und in three months he was
possible to increase the quantity of butter a cow will yield by feeding foods rich in fat I The question is
not whether we can make a cow eat ! kevi> olhers >ear afler y°ar* und	If you were to examine the books travelling and preaching again,
animal fats or oils and thus increase ***** often to be steadily improving of a doctor who used to practise at Pitt the younger was another who
by the culture they are subject to in	Bishop's Stortford you would find a	defrauded death. He lived to forty-1 ft* f[re <U*>artment of Chicago haa
thus way of feeding. Some of my	hopeless entry anent the health of a	four, but the doctors bad sentenced	’ ninety-eight steam fire engines,
cows have continued to improve with	certain Cecil John Rhodes. He was	1	him to an early grave when a child,	j Cigarette* are smoked almost ex-
high feeding until they were old-aged,	very ill, and the doctor opined that	How he accomplished what he did was	duslvely in Germany, Austria, Rue-
aud their calves improved in respect	even South Africa would not prolong	j	a miracle to them, as to us. These	*1» and Greece, and generally through
to habit of profitable feeding year bis life for
THE WOMAN OF IT.
Clara—If you don't love him. why should you accept his attentions# Maud—Well, you know, some other girl might.
BRIEFLY MENTIONED.
the proportion of fats in her milk, but this simple proposition—cun the dairyman, by feeding foods naturally rich in fat, and such foods as the naturally is able to digest and assimilate, increase the proportion of fats In the milk, or increase her yield of butter in any way f
Dairymen generally believe this, and feed their cows in accordance with that belief. As it is a common practice among the most intelligent of butter-makers to choose these foods quite as much for the quality of the butter made as for the quantity, and It has been a result of long practice to find that the choice o( foods has been one of the most important parts of their business, they have come to the reasonable conclusion that they are acting in strict conformity with a natural law, that the fats in the food do increase the proportion of butter in the milk as well as affect Its quality.
The scientific- physiologists and the medical profession are a unit in the belief that the fats of the food do go directly into the blood, and are thus assimilated into the system directly, without change. It was not always ao however. 1 remember during my training as a physician, that this was a moot question, then under the most skilful study and experiment, and af- j ter a series of tests most carefully conducted, under the control of the British medical members of the Royal Association, the conclusion—quite unavoidable—was unanimously arrived at that the fats of the food were assimilated without digestion into the blood directly, and then distributed through the body.
Of course, if this is true, the fats
POP OVER FIFTY YBARS MRS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING 8YRÜP hm ., h1 by mothers for their children teething It so#
5X* JaKLELSW
cow
3
more than eighteen are but a few of the threatened men months. He made this entry against who have lived long, his patient's name
Europe.
The city of Cleveland is the first to create a department whose sole object is the abatement of the smoke
after year
NOT NOTICED
How young Rhodes cheated death and defied the faculty is shown by the
FROM II1S STANDPOINT
Dyspepsia’s Victims.
nuisance.	De man dat nebber kicks an de
The Panama Canal Company of man dat ig^ks all de time, said Uncle
France has secured a six years' exten- I Ebon, Is both mighty li'ble to git n*
'tention paid to 'em.
What are you going to bave for din-| nerlf asked the new arrival at a conn-i try hotel.
Well, answered the landlord
MAP OF SOUTH AFRICA
uf its grant from the Colombian
THE CAUSE OF THE TROUBLE AND HOW TO OVERCOME IT.
sion
But for him the Boers would reign supreme, for it was his action in fore- had been helping his wife, it didn't stalling them by annexing Rhodesia look like we was goin* to have much that put the first spoke in their wheel, 1 of anything at first, but from the
who
government.
Supt. Quigley, of the Indianapolis police force, has given orders to enforce the anti-spitting ordinance by arresting all offenders.
The city of Rochester, with an tiuiuted population of 180,000, pays |1,575 per month for the collection
and disposal of its garbage.
ton has an ordinance restricting the height of buildings, which has recently be* n jnit to the test and fection will devote herself to a pug | Uined by the courts.
)
State or Ohio. City car Toledo Locai County.
Fmank j. Viiekey makes eatb ihal he 1» senior tartoer or ibe firm of f. J. Chkivcy ft doing business te tbe Oily of To vda County and Ante aforesaid, aid1 «lej «Aid Arm win pay the mm of ONE HUN1)K|CI> l)OL? LARy for each and every case of th*t cannot i e eared by the uee ef Hall's CaTAKRII LIMY
II Krrqiirnlly I'rodsfr» He dnrhf, Heart* bum. INiilnfs* and OlHer IMilrrs.Ing SyiNpiensaA ileihu Tell* of Her Me- and earned for himself their undying present looks o' things we’re goin* to
have two drummers, three bicycle
Co
lease
ATARI'S
hatred
es-
Lord Wolseley. the Commander-in- riders an’ a book agent
From the Telegraph, Quebec The primary cause of indigestion or Chief of the British Army, was medi-dyepepsia is lack of vitality ; the ab- oaliy pronounced dead in the Crimea, eence of nerve force ; th/e loss of the He was so defiant of discipline and
His existence to-
¦ FRANK J. CHENEY. Sworn to before me nnu «uhecnbed in ibv pn neuve, tide Vth day of December. A.D L8H
W...... :	A. W. 0LBA6ON,
mmry Public
HAll's Catarrh (’are le taken internally, and icih directly cn the bloel and mucous surfaces of the system Send for ttetlm in lain free.
F. J. CHENEY & CO* Toledo, (X Sold by Druggist», 7do.
Hall *. Family 1111* are the beak
MIGHT rOSSIBLY BE FOUND
SEAL
Why is it, said Willie Wishington, that a woman who has no ties of af-
life-csustaining elements in the blood, science as to live No Organ can properly perform its day is a standing instance of insubfunctions when the source of nutri- ordination.
No one is more typically the British <ll,g #
ment fails. When the stomach is robbed of the nutriment demanded by tar—bold, breezy, strung—than Lord nature, assimilation ceases, unnatural Charles Beresford
1 don't know, answered Miss Cayenne. If I felt positively obliged to make a choice, I believe there could
TMCING THE BLAME.
She looked at him scornfully, even indignantly.
Would you let a woman sinnd while you occupy a seatf she asked.
Madam, he replied, do not blame The fault primarily lie* with your own sex.
How so f she demanded.
I did not receive proper home training, be answered.
According to*the Soir, it will cost $150 to see all the sights at the Paris exposition.
But as a lad he
gases are generated and the entire was puny and delicate. As he step-system responds to the discord.	ped on board H.M.S. "Marlborough"
A practical illustration of the an old tar scrutinised the puny middy, symptoms and torture of dyspepsia is and remarked; " Nother candidate for furnished by the case of Mrs. A La- aea-berryin' come aboard, Bill." bonté, who lives in the village of Sir Andrew Clark, the celebrated
be found a man who was less stupid and annoying than a pug dog.
WPC 1027
N
UNLOCATED.
Mrs. Stubb—John, the kangaroo has pockets in which her young conceal themselves at the first scent of dan-
CALVERTS
me
Carbolic Disinfectant#. Seape,
ment. Tooth Powders, etc., have awarded 100 medals and diplomas for «1 part of excellence. Their regular use proves t la ftp W-one diseases. Ask year dealer to eblaii à supply. Lists mailed free oa appliestl
F. C. CALVERT * CO.,
ENGLAND
When interviewed physician, who died at a ripe old age,
Stadacona, Que
by a reporter of the Quebec tele- was attacked by consumption when a graph, Mrs La bonté looked the pic- young man turc of vigorous health, showing no young Clark’s own diagnosis of his traces of the malady that had made he 1 life for the time miserable.
ger
A specialist confirmed
Mr. Stubb—Well, Maria, if they aie as difficult to locate as those of the majority of her sex I can’t see how the young ones find them.
M AN O M INTER
T0E0NT# CUTTING E-wool offen ep-dal ad
1	to ail desirou* of an/umn# a 41* rough knew
monopolised by man. But the femm- IsdgtofOiwnia*»<ifiiuafmuiisimisOssmoIe i ne nerves are si ill hers and she suf- nie f-r ptrUcuian ita venge St., Taranto.
fers from toot Irai-he. To her we re* -comme mi Neniline—nerve-pain cure	FVR SALE.
—nu e;, tnothin h*1 mu moment Nervi- uatuiul hkn inc'VBAt*>*. îeo eoo hato»
line, the most marvellous pain lemedy	. «wi»l^igeïy,*Alberta,
known to science. Nervilme may he	—
uee 1 efficanouslv for all nerve pain.
case. "Twelve months,” aaid the great man
SHORTLY AND SIGNIFICANTLY.
The New Woman
Now enters upon pursuits formerly
Speaking of her illness, Mrs. Lnbonté said
For about two years I suffered
How he lived fifty times that peri iod is well known
by fresh air—for the modern out-
dreadfully. My digestive organs were
impaired, and the food late did not
,	.	,	.	. .	..	assimilate and left me witha feeling
of the food go into the milk. Dairy-I Qf fIatulenvy p.lin antl acidity of the door treatment of consumption was
men in practice know, beyond quea- | fltomach and frequently heartburn, originated by Sir Andrew Clark from
tion. that the quality of the butter TMa conditioD of affairs soon told on bin own experience.
is varied as the fats of the food vary. my Byefem other ways, with the Him Holiness the Pope is a standing
1 he oily beechnut makes soft butter, resujt that 1 had frequent headaches, defiance of death. He has always
it makes soft, oily pork. The but- dizziness, and at times a dimness of been of the frailest and most delicate
ter made from cotton seed meal is viaion w*th 9pots apparently dancing health
soft, while it has precisely the same before my eyes. I became so much elected to the Chair of St. Peter twen-reaotiou with nitric acid as the cotton fun down that it waa with difficulty t>'-two years ago because the cardi-seed oil has. Indeed, there are such j Muld do my household work, and nais anticipated his early death, and .m abund ance of proofs to support | at ^ time# 1 fell weak, this that it is the practice among in-
Dodd’s
He cured himself
are the only medicine that will cure Diabetes
Bright's Disease this disease was incurable until Dodd's Kidney Pills cured it. Dc themselves confess that without Dodd's Kidney Pills they are powerless against oetes. Dddd’s Kidney Pills are the first medicine that ever cured Diabetes. Imitations- box, name and pill, are advertised to do so, but the medicine that dns cure
Kidney
Brass Band
Like
TOO NUMEROUS TO BIC IMPORTANT.
Jimmy Jones brought him little brother to school with him, and I asked him who the child waa.
Whet did he any I He «iid
Jo-nee children.”
Instrument*. Drums, Uniforms, Etc.
Every Town can have a Band
Lowest prkws ever Quoted. Fiat eetejofue 606 tretlou* nulled fre* Write ui for auylhluf Is
Music or Mueloal Instruments.
Whaley Royoe & Co.,
Pis
It Is a fact that he
was
octors
ulus
Oh, this is just one of the
Dim
depressed tbe consequent early recurrence of
the vacancy.
While I was at my
and nervous
A |Af Mille. Willie A Melee
LAW sssasp
teiligent butter-makers to choose such foods as contribute the best flavor and consistence to the butter, and it is a matter of rather considerable indifference to them what scientific chemists say to the contrary of their I belief.
Hut he has outlived all those who
worst, one of iny friends, seeing that
the doctor was not helping me, urged counted upon his early decease
Pink Pills, bus been Pope twenty-two years, and
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
The " Balmoral," Frea Bus AVENUEJ0U8E
ST. JAMES' H0TEU#gggg$
Kailway. Fust classCumuierei»! Uouh. Moderoiui-protein«-'i*-Rates moderate.
He
me to try Dr. Williams
My husband then got me half a dozen al Ieaat once every year he has been boxes aud 1 began taking them. Af- dying or dead, according to trustier 1 had used two boxes 1 began to *urtby reports, enjoy my m? ils and the various
symptoms of my trouble began to! war correspondent, who died the disappear. 1 continued the pills until other day, owed his chances in life j ! 1 had used the half dozen boxes, to a doctor’s sentence of death aud l again felt perfectly well. My was a trooper in the Royal Dragoons j
stomach was as healthy as ever
1 could sleep well and my termaster, and promotion would have
had not his health
Avooo & Photo e ngraving
rv TL. Jones Lnc (?~
6 6 10 ADEIAIUE5I W TORONTO':
Diabetes
¥t
Mr. Archibald Forbes, the famous
Catholic Prayer
H-l jlous Piet urea. Statuary, an l Church Ornaments* MueoUonsi Works. Mail orders reo#|»e prompt attest
______0. A J. sablier A 00., Montreal.
Hut it may be well to point out the fact that a bulk tin has been issued by the New York Experiment Station on this subject, giving a great variation in the beliefs of some of those scientific students who are investigating this matter, some of them agreeing with the contention of the prae-tical business dairymen, while others differ. But one point 1 think will have great weight with those who are on the fence, and this is that while the New York Station decidedly affirm-' the belief that the kind of food as to the fat in it has no relation to the proportion of fats in the milk, nevertheless it gives, as the result of a test the clearest evidence and figures to support it, that the feeding of palm-nut meal does increase the
proportion offals in the milk. Here | going
They renew and build up the blood, and strengthen the nerves, thus driving disease from the system. Avoid imitations by insisting that every
MODERN BUSINESS METHODS
tiou.
He
How is business I asked the reporter Dull
Dyeing ! Cleaning I
Is Dodd’s Kidney Ï Dodd’s Kidney hills fifty cents a box at all druggists.
Pills.
said the marriage license clerk. I'm thinking about advertising that I’ll give an oil stove and a pound of candy with each license.
are
it ' in 1861
He had risen to acting quar-
For the very beat send your work t»> the
“ BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Leok for agent In y-jur town, or eeod (timet.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec.
had been
head was clear and free from the soon followed
and aches that so long broken down. After eighteen months
dizziness
helped make me miserable. It is more in the military hospital he was dis-thun a year since l stopped taking charged as incurable. He placed the pills, and health has continued himself under a London doctor, was better than it was for years before.” cured in six weeks, and then
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES,
yd other PRODUCE, to eneere host results oomlgo te
Endured the severe marching of the The Dawson Commission Ce, Limited,
North-weal campaign with admir-	Oer. West-Market A Oelhorne at, Toronto,
aille fortitude. The Government should hive supplied them with a quantity cf the celebrated Putnams Painless Corn Extractor. It
orns painlessly, and
rasa HSrSr
OUR BRAVE VOLUNTEERS
IN THE COUNTRY
Uncle Cyrus’ folks w goin t take a lot o’ summer boarders in self-defense.
Land, is they a mot gulge on his
fa i mf
ROOFING •host Notai Work».
1	n ?¥ BO0F1NU SLAT*. In Black.
«ma, 1 tjroalo, done bw our flrrol. Metal Ceiling#, Coe-diets eve. Kilim stes furnished for Wurl oonmlele or fuf
Mrs. La bonté added that she will always feel grateful to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for the misery they have released her from, and she always advises friends who are ailing to use
WENT DOWN TO ALDERSHOT
to show the Army surgeon how he was
_tT „	,	... .. No; buti that's wbat he s guardm
Well you ought to be dead!” aginet. He’s goin I'fill th* house up
declared the doctor grudgingly
fails to remove
Thus Britain and the Armv lost a
no
them
ot her
brave soldier, and journalism and the world gained a brilliant writer and the prince of war correspondents.
The life of charming and brave Rob-
FURS. FURS.
#
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure by to the root of the disease.
LARGEST IN EUROPE
Importer and exporter of Raw Furs and Skins. Consignments solicited. Highest prices paid for glusing.
H. JOHNSON,
494 St. Paul street, Montreal’
BIRTHDAY GIFT.
A souvenir birthday spoon has the name of the month in the bowl, the handle is embellished with the flower consista of <jfi physicians and POO of the month and with the sign of nurses, and about 15.000 patients the Zodiac appropriate to it.	j cared for every year.
The largest bosital in Europe is at Moscow and has 7,000 beds. Its staff
are the figures;
ert Louis Stevenson was one long defiance of death
Per Cent. Fat
Pitifully weak in body, his great brain and brave spirit box you purchase is enclosed in a 1 carried him to forty-four, when he Xvrapper bearing the full trade mark, died at his ocean-home, Apia, leaving Williams' Pink Pill* for Pale behind that which will not let him be
Usual ration, three weeks......
Same, next three weeks.........
Palm-nut meal ration, three
w ice......................
Same, next three weeks .......
Usual ration, three weeks ... Same, next three weeks ........
6.28
6.80
are
Canada Permanent
5.80
5.80
f4 J„
i&joï	CiUHsri*-/' &nJL/ te,
iyoJl/o ~$&Us liiMi?rv	*
LOAM AMD SAVIMCI COMPANY.
Incoapuhatp d 1866
The Oldest and Largest Canadian Mart-
gage Corporation.
Dr
5.80
People. If your dealer does not keep them they will be sent postpaid at 60 cents a box or air boxes for $2.50, by addressing the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brock villa. Ont,
5.80
easily forgot
It is not generally known that Mr
It is stated as extraordinary, and, as I understand, as an objection to the belief that the palm-nut meal had the effect of increasing the proportion of butter percentage of fat in the milk for the two période of three weeks next after the test was made, that the increased quantity of fat in the milk was maintained. I say extraordinary, because it le e part of the contention of those who believe in be advantageouely employed
Paid-up Capital, Reserve Fund,
$2,600,000.
1,300,000.
Name elf lea -Tmranta St, Tarante.
A. J. Balfour was formerly a death-haunted man
Until he blossomed forth as Chief Secretary for Ireland
he was a confirmed hypochondriac and valetudinarian. He was not strong, but he made matters worse by hie imagination, and by physicking himself.
The story goes that hie mantelpiece was covered with medicine-bottle»
DEPOSITS RECEIVED InUrwl allowed
GIRLS PREFERRED
In Germany and Holland girls are choaen In preference to young men In all employments in which they can
J. HERBERT MASON,
T
/



-
n

###PAGE###7###


X
ï—----------ni»ïr;t;^/^=^.|J0iTiHBs about tie was
{Agricultural
ui<u vOinmcnU.
deep wfth straw or other litter to prevent the growth of weeds. They do not ouffer from drouth, and the luxuriant foliage conceals the mulch, so that is not objectionable. No flow-era should be allowed to form the first year, and even if you have fewi the second do not get discouraged. The peony is an exceedingly deep rooted plant and requires some time tq become established. Don't forget to give a liberal top dressing of manure every fall. Cure should he used in the selection of varieties ho as to have as long a succession of flowers and aa great a variety of color and foi ra us possible.
[
Ml
About the House
of the air and the absence of any The natural odor of a
nes# bad odor.
TEMS THAT WILL INTEREST YOU
AT THIS TIME.
It Is difficult U get at the exact of the insurrection in Ashanti,
cow in good health and with a clean
k=vsrsrrsz
th« heifers, a ml the natural odor of a	Bravery,
healthy oow la much like the breath, |	* bombardier writes from M odder
for while the breath purifies the blood jijver that when General Freech’s of animals in good health the blood B,.jgada ^dned Lord Roberts’ ths U pure, the «kin purifies the system numbar ot guns amounted to 122. otherwise by a very copious exhale- ,Jbe Ijoer prisoners at 8t. Helena are tion or perspiration from the blood p|eaged wilh camp lit,; they spend the passing through the exceedingly small	HHM
capillary blood veasel# which so com-pletedly fill the skin that one cannot make too small a wound but the blood
facte
goder the great western bulge of Afriea, the despatches being meagre and somewhat confusing. It appears,
to have begun early in April,
VENTILATION OF OOW STABLES.
The very heat authority assures us that the wise man's eyes are in his head. That is, he takes notice of things which appertain to his business, and this—not only with bis eyes—but with all his senses. A man’s eyes are the servants of hie other senses, and If the eyes are used, all the other faculties of the mind are in full and equal exercise. An old philosopher fa id that the nose was placed right under the eyes so that those should be warned by the sense of smell* we may be sure that if one exercises one of his faculties, all the others will be made good use of equally. Now, want of due ventilation is made sensible to one’s nose first, and then the eyes quickly search out the cause of the ill odour. And it may be truly said that all the senses need to be fully exercised in regard to the cow stable for the sufficient reason that milk Is one of the most sensitive of all substances to ill-odours and foulness of any kind. Indeed the skin itself will absorb odours, the breath will take them into blood, and so the whole system becomes quickly saturated by the Impurities existing in the air. This is so emphatically the case that painters who ire exposed to the fumes of turpentine and breathe them into the lungs, soon find that the kidneys are excited by the vapours and are very strongly acted upon by them, so that the effects are soon apparent in the Increased secretions of these
CARE OF YOU It CLOTHES
The care of one’s clothes has much to do with a well-dressed appearance, and a woman whose means are limited may, with proper regard for the care of her costumes, appear an unlimited number of times In the same bonnet, gown, gloves, and veil. Instead of stripping her gloves off roughly, rolling them In a ball and tossing them aside, where she cannot find them the next time she wishes to wear them, she carefully pulls them off, finger by finger, stretches them full length and lays them in her glove case, where they remain until worn again. Her veil, instead of remaining pinned to her bonnet, is lightly rolled, the edges being pulled out as it is done, and is laid in a box large enough not to crush it, thus avoiding the ugly wrinkles that throw shadows on the face resembling lines of age, care or neglect.
The bonnet is lightly brushed with a soft brush, its bows and flowers given a straightening touch,, and is put away from the dust. Her shoes are wiped wiih a soft cloth to free them from dust. Her skirt# are brushed before handing or folding them away, and her bodice is turned wrong side
go wevar Heeppe™™
following the arrival at Kumassl, the
Ashanti capital, of Sir F. Hodgson, the British governor <ii the Gold Coast, on of his tours of inspection, and his attempt to gain possession of the Goldeu Stool. This stool, the symbol ef Ashanti royalty, was bidden at the lime of King Prempeh’e overthrow by tbe British by the Kumaaeis, the tribe to which Prempeh belonged, in the belief that if retained, either he or uu-other ruler would be placed upon it, while If lost, no king would ever reign them. A diligent search for the
one
and
time singing, playing games, generally amusing themselves.
A large case of goods containing
some dozens of footballs and a quantity of cricketing gear has been despatched to the troops at the front. The 2nd Middlesex have a beautiful
SUGGESTIONS TO HOUSEKEEPERS.
To take out fresh paint stains, use turpentine. If the atain is old and dry, scrape the surface with a knife and apply a little vaseline to soften it; then apply the turpentine. The latter will remove both the paint and the vaseline.
Keep a small, stiff new toothbrush especially to clean your fancy glassware. Uuat, etc., accumulates in the pattern and the towel does not remove it. Glass that has held milk should be well rinsed in cold water before being put in warm suds, and all glass should be rinsed in clear hot water before wiping.
If fine Battenberg work has become a little dingy, hardly enough to require washing, and yet too much so as to be not quite satisfactory, rub the soiled places with calcined magnesia or pipe clay, and place between layers of blue tissue paper in a heavy book. Leave a week or ten days and it will oome out quite fresh.
Try a dish of baked pieplant some day for dessert instead of pie. up tender stalks without stripping, put into an earthen dish with a half cup of water and a pint of sugar, and, One especial instance may be given if you like it, a scant teaspoonful of ' which has been mentioned by the late ginger to a quart; cover and bake an % A. Wilard, In his excellent book on hour. Serve with whipped cream and j dairy husbandry. It was in connection spongecake. At this time of the year with the continued appearance of stewed pieplant la excellent for break- | floating curds In a cheese factory, |
which he was employed to investigate, ! and on search he found a dead horse
will issue from it as it does by the
But
prick of a needle. And we may well say that with ventilation as it purifies the breath, the body Is purified by the cleanly kept skin in perfect action as an excretory agent. To breathe the air saturated by unclean exhalation from the skin is to so far poison the blood, and thus we may say an Important accessory to the ventilation of stable is the currycomb or card, and the stiff brush, which remove t be accumulated scale of dried perspiration on the skin, so open the innumerable pores so as to permit the escape of the foul used, up matter thus escaping from the body.
collie named Estcourt, which has followed them since they left that place on January 9, and was with them on Spion Kop.
A private in the Somerset militia undergoing punishment drill at hast London deliberately shot Sergeant Ellis. He has been handed over to the
ever
stool has, of course, been ma .0 by the British since their occupation, in order to diminish the incentive to insurrection, and apparently some infomation of its whereabouts was given to Sir F, Hodgson either before or after his arrival at the Ashanti capital.
civil authorities.
Writing from Jacobsdal, a German ambulance doctor says: “The Boer li not brave. He takes to flight on the approach of danger, the field cornets
It may surprise some readers of this | often running first.”
Colonel Harris, of the 2nd East Sur*
At any rate, an armed detachment sent in search of it, with the re-
was
suit to rouse the opposition of the Kumassil, who are tùe most powerful tribe In Ashanti and armed with flint lock muskets, and to bring on a col. hsion in which the British force was
Despite the efforts of the

to learn that the foul matter passing
off from a cow through the skin, is j rey, who is on his way home in ! In quite as much as that which escapes j Nubia, was wounded early in the at-from the bowels and kidneys, so that , tack on Grobler's Kloof, and before to give free escape for this great ! he could be brought under cover, nine quantity of waste matters, is equal— j more bullets hit him, none of them, to ensure vigorous health — to a good j fortunately, in a vital part, healthy appetite, and a vigorous
digestion of the food. It is a fact to I arrived on board the Maine were be considered that the cow’s appetite Lieutenant A. Wise, nf the Irish Brile excited and increased by this thor- gado, and Lieutenant Catfin, of tbs ougb cleanliness, just as it ia a part I Yorkshire Regiment. Both are now of good hygiene for persons them- j occupying the rooms at the Savoy selves to keep a clear* skin as an aid Hotel which were placed at the die* to appetite and good digestion. The j posai of 1'rincess Louise, ancient civilized people, the Romans Writing to bis mother from Frere and Greeks, had as many bath rooms Camp, Sapper A. J. Gillett, 17th Comas eating rooms, and to bathe fre-| pa„y Royal Engineers, says;—“We quently was a sure stimulant to the
appetite which they were used to sat- I \ye were marching up, thousands of
*==«=*E:~=s 5
the safest plan tor loosening it ia to	surmiseiwas supported by the faot	that	gnd	ghgU	greatly	benefit	them,
wrap a	long	strip of	rag around the	wh«n th" p“tr"!	W”	'	j and oursel/ea	as	well	who profit	by
neck of	the	bottle,	over which a	buried the trouble	In the cheese	fao-
| should be	I tory ceased. In	faoti experience
proves most conclusively that the
out and hung over the back of a
chair, near an open window, until It
ia thoroughly aired, end Is afterwards
a ,	..	. , , folded and laid away In a drawer. This
log determined to return the symbol of o(	t,me- but thg eeIt
their former ascendaiv y and enlisting other tribes in their support, it became so formidable that the capital
defeated
governor to effect a settlement, the rising spread rapidly, the Kumassis be.
time you don these same articles of wearing apparel dressing la made easier by finding everything in perfect. order, and the clothes remain gagement lasting four hours the Brit-	and stylish looking much longer
Ub garrison, consisting of 300 black than If treated in the ordinary way. troops under English officers, was driven from the town into the fort, Wrapper o*f pastel blue cashmere which since the British occupation bus gathered to a deep yoke which is been built of stone and masonry, and trimmed with four rows of shirred te protected by guns and Maxims, frith a less of twenty-two killed. The sttack was repeated on the 30th ult., end although it was repelled with heavy loss to the natives, a later despatch says that Kumassi is ¦till invested, and that some of the Mohammedan tribes to the northeast
Among the wounded officers who
organs.
It is scarcely worth while saying more than the faot, because every Intel I igf nt person knows of these things
In an en-
tras surrounded in force
Cut
cream mousseline de soie. Two rows
that fearful battle at Colons*
were in
fast.
just like a hailstorm—shrapnel,
was
shot, and shell burst in all directions. We were fighting eight hours in s fearful sun and hundreds of brave fel-
ire joining the revolt. Reinforcements have, however, been sent to the garrison from the Gold Coast, Sierra Leone and Nigeria, and as part of them bave reached the capital, the chief of Bektia, who lives a day’s march from Kumassi, and can put 5,000 men in the field, Is loyal, and the fort ia strong end provisioned for six months, it is believed that order will speedily be restored.
them.

•ri
stream of boiling water poured. If the glass is very thick begin with warm water, then use hot and finally boiling, or the glass will
Then the rag can be taken
\
1
It was an
lows fell to rise no more awful sight, eral other skirmishes since then, but,

THE FIELD OF CARNAGE.
We have been in Her-
?
m
dairy, all through the business, de-| pends for successful management on the absents of all bad odours
1

Scavengers of Moeiih Africa's Baille Field* -
The Secretary Bird.
there Is nothing worse In all the bad These are rare days for the vultures conditions of a dairy than filth of all of South Africa. The horrid carnage kinds, even in the air and in the form of war supplies them with food aplenty and to spare. Julian Ralph de-We all know how easy it Is by a scribing recently a ride to Bloemfon-very little neglect to fill the at- tein in the waJte of Roberta viotori-mosphere with filthy odours es- ous army wrote:— pecially in a stable which Is kept as “1 saw ahead of me a swarm of vuf-warm as it should be. And we may lures soaring in as thick a cloud as say that the scientific conclusion as if they had been moths. As I drew to this matter is, that In the winter nearer I noticed that the bulk of each the atmosphere of a cow stable one's body was very great. On the should be fifty degrees In temperature, ground, where there were two score never higher and never much less. But waddling about, they seamed even
larger. They marked the outer edge control odours of the great and horrid field of earn
Many dead horses lay on the
one of the lucky
thank God, I am ones, and have not got hit."
And
t
crack
off, when the neck of the bottle will have sufficiently expanded to allow the stopper to be withdrawn times it Is necessary to repeat the operations, which, except in very bad
One
is
m

A captive Boer was delighted when taken to see the engine room of a transport, and exclaimed, “Had there been no war I should never have seen
He evidently con-

/
$8
Some-
î
fl» ; /
of ill odours
mm
such wonders." sidered that they more than mads
While the rising Is much to be regretted, tt will have served a useful purpose if it calls attention to the weakness of Britain's position in West Africa, where attempt is being made to govern territories twice as big as Fiance, with many millions of popula. lion, with a handful of troops. In view of the savagery of these millions, Britain has a perfect right to govern them with or without their consent, but she has no right to attempt to do so without employing a sufficient force to maintain order, and so to compensate the natives for the supremacy she claims. As such a force can he raised from among the negroes themselves, who, properly drilled and arm. jd, make excellent soldiers and petty officers, and oan be managed by British officers ae well as are the Soudan- 1
Is Invariably successful.
cases,
must not wait too long after applying the water, lest the heat also extend to the stopper and swell that.
i
Sr*

up for his defeat and capture.
A party of balloonists have left St. Petersburg, according to the local papers, for the purpose of organizing a military balloon service in the Transvaal. They take all the materials with them.
A clergyman who was recently expelled from the Transvaal declares that the Boers in the Krugersdorp district who returned on leave boasted of having shot British wounded outside Kimberley.
z
I
V!
//,
ABOUT WEDDING RINGS
The spring is the promise of marriage, of the exchange of promises to love, honor and obey, of the placing of | even at this moderate temperature it the wedding rings upon the slender j is impossible to fingers of trembling, white hands, j without ample Yet few people know the origin of which the foul air is carried off as
Fewer yet know quickly as possible,
vfl.
/
/
A
y
, S
m

/
ventilation, by
/
age

t
III 4
veldt, and these birds were eating some and perching on the backs of others.
and is ren-
the wedding ring
of the numerous legends and supereti-I ewed by pure air from the outside, attached to the simple gold Then the question srises how this may There are many quaint ous- be done in the stable during the cold
l.
s

“Foul, nauseous, ugly, beastly birds are these. They, were to be my constant companions for three days. I was to see hundreds upon hundreds
of theca, and never once, b, da,, lait | Yeomanry has been appointed ape-
cial body-guard to Lord Roberts.
ttoua
l tom.s conneoted wllh the betrothal and | winter weather or without chilling wedding ring which will be most interest iog at the present time, when the
call to friends to witness the ceremony	ia really cold	to a cow.. We may	to	see	JJiem.	Yet	there	were	not
of 1 take thee" is so very frequent,	think of this as it affects ourselves,	enough	of	them	to	mike	away	with lheir commander, > ajor eretun, •
Many believe that the	loss of a wed.	If we	(were to live in	a house	the	all	the	food	that	war	had given	thmm "	Huberts	nephew,
ding ring means that	the husband's	temperature of which	is fifty	de-	Natural	as	is	the	feeling	of	repul- When	the	guns	were being brought
love will be lost in turn If the ring	grees we should not be inconvenienced	suxn, which the presence of these seav-	down from Cole's Kop, in the retreat
ia broken the husband wi.l soon die. In	by the cold if we be protected by good	engers of the battle field arouses, in	from Rensburg, as the second one
Ireland it is a general belief that to	food and moderate clothing. Cowain	the economy of nature they perform	was being let down the rope broke,
rub a sore with a gulden wedding	their winter coats are better protect-	a moat useful work. They lessen the	an(| the gun fell from tup to bottom,
This	old	but	magnificent	flower	is	wm 0dUse r to speedily heal. The	ed from severs cold than we ourselves	danger of pestilence. They really	an(j was smashed to pieces,
not planted	nearly	so	extensively	as	**jdiug ring is supposed never to	should be with ordinary winter cloth-	make war less terrible to those who
it deserves to be. No flower iq so tarnish, and if it does become dim, 'tie Ing. Nature provides animals with an easily grown, permanent, or	ir-e ^ ba a warning that love also is under coat of soft dense hair in which
from insects. And	no flower,	not	tarnished and dim.	a protecting	layer of dead air
even excepting the	rose,	is	more a wedding ring should fit the finger,	is confined, and	thus the temperature
beautiful or makes	a more	beautiful	^ {{ js 1oo iurge, it is a sign of shal-	mentioned may	be considered amply
display.	A	bed	of	peonies	properly	i0VVUttî4d 0f purpose. If	too, tight, it	warm	enough for the comfort of	the
prepared	will	increase	in	beauty	for	suggests that the union	pinches some-	cows.	In faot the vital	action of	the
a life time, enduring with impunity h<ow.i A perfect fitting ring is gym- oow's system produces a considerable
harmonious amount of ventilation to maintain a
m
Letters received by relatives of officers seem to show that the North Somerset contingent of the Imperial



the cows.



M
Just here *we are to
nsider what


of shirring edge the front and soar-
the »*“««• la lar«e|y one ot row ruffle borders the bem. Severe! mooey, which, with order established. f()wg q( abirring trim the sleeves. Ms
w“t Africa would easily repay. It is teria, required, cashmere, 40 inches true that the black soldier is specially wide 6 yards. prone to mutiny, but even that danger U less than that of governing savage millions without force enough to prevent massacre or insure kindly and
THE PEONY
A telegram has been received at Warwick Castle to the effect that Lord Brooke, eldest son of the Earl and Countess of Warwick, has reached Bloemfontein and joined General French's staff. His lordship will not be 18 until next August, and is one of the youngest officers in the army.
A remarkable story of two sol-transpired at Bradford, on
sympathetic administration.
escape death by the enemy.
Aiavogels," which menai carrion
the Boers call them. Of
RE-ARMING THE INDIAN ARMY
scavengers recent years it has been noticed that their number has greatly
WagislMe Btflr* the Reply le Threatening
move* by Hn«ela.
Orders have been sent from England to India that thoae native infantry regiments which form a portion of the field army first for mobilization are to be rearmed with the magazine rifle immediately. The regiments selected are chiefly those stationed
decreased, owing to the destruction of the big g4me, which greatly dimin-shed their funeral banquets apparently the tidings that mans hand had turned against man in one small portion of Africa has travelled far and wide among them, and they have gathered from greit distances to participate in the feast.
A war correspondent also tells of seeing the secretary bird—'* stately
and
But
the coldest, winters, one of the first plants to appear in the spring foliage is beautiful and keeps bright
and fresh all summer. By planting to be engraved in his bride's ring. The |a building as a stable the right sorts a succession of flowers be had for several weeks. While
of a perfectly
diera
Monday. James Balk and James Bla-key, chums, who married companions, enlisted in the West Yorkshire Regi-
The
comfortable temperature, and to can y Every man may select the sentiment j off all the ill odours inci lent to uoh
union
But the ventilation should be so ar-
groom's initials and the bride’s initials, followed by the wedding date, is I ranged as to admit the purest air pos-uiost frequently the inscription. But tible, while the supply of air may be there are many beautiful sentiments, ! duly regulated by the proper contriv.
and individuality and originality in j ance, which will control ’ he admission bird, holding himself proudly regard to these mottoes are becoming'and discharge of air. A very satif- talking along with noble strides as .very popular. The date is always en- factory arrangement is a yries of glanced about hum for a breakfast graved in the wedding ring.	|small openings ia the lower part of j ^ snakes.” The secretary bird in ap-
the stable which may be connected by means of a light bar, a cord at
They lived neigh-
ment together hours as “reserves,’' and volunteered at the same time for the front. Both
along the Afghan frontier or in supporting distance, and are eighteen in	u grg more #â-Uy ralawl yet
number. The, are taken chief I, from	w,„ repey ireful cultivation,
among the Sikh, Uoorkhu, Dogra.und	^	,n ,	beda or
¦W
court defeet. The only alternative rente. Uterwerda covering the bed
0“ armband\!2e7an\Fell planting » the best ».-with its possible enemy ; sod that ham, lees It can be dome very early in t he me doubt, with considerable reluct- ffprfa»g. The planta should be well
“minX Xw the' n .t%\ 1%	durle, eprlng or eumme.
may
fought at Paardeberg. Balk was reported killed, the supposed widow reconsiderable amount of inNow
ceiviug a
surance and patriotic giants letters show that Balk, though officially dead, is alive, and Mrs. MU key is the real widow tunics with his dead comrade on lb#
pearanew pieseni* a striking con-oonirasi to the vulture. Man hails it ia a friend. Because of its usefulness in destroying venomous snakes it is protected in ill parts of Africa.
As many as three large snakes have beau taken# from the stomach of one
THE VOGUE OP ALPACAS
Balk changed
tached to each, and so all these doors may be moved to open or shut wholly or partly at one movement nately with these and between them, at the top of the stable, a correspond-
Alpaca in, pastel shades ia to be one of the, stylish fabrics of the season. Beautiful gowns are being made of it. Every woman knows how it wears and how it shakes the duet. We law a lovely blue one mfcde up with bands
battlefield.
Alter-
ParLs is favoring tailor-made cotton frocks for afternoon.
The chiffon scarf is one of the most popular and becoming neck garnitures of the spring.
ing set of small elides are arranged,
so that there is an escape above for eod a quantity of grasshoppers. When of black tod while silk n«> i m tw the foul air, and an inlet below for the attacking a cobra the secretary bird bias, but, straight. White alpacas are (rs#h sir to ant#r. Care ia to be takee defends itself from the venomous
Ihese make very serviceable gowns phis IS done by a shutter in front quently it kills a Urge snake by carry-for they clean so well. Gray alpacas o( the dnor and a few incbea larger iog it high in the air and then drop-
with yellow, and having cascade *rere xhich might chill the cows bv blow- a secretary, wh*> is supposed to carry of mail I embroidery and lice.
of these birds, besides lizards, tortoise
TOO COMMON.
Mrs Bangs.—Yea, we have strawberry shortcake every day at dinner.
Mrs Suddeurlch—Do you f We drop, pen them when the berries fell te their present plebeian p» c#.
quill pens behind his ear#
ing directly upon then*.
the bed Is mulched sufficiently
1
X
1
###PAGE###8###
fi
W 1



;



**#**#*#»#*#***#*#*#*,e*#*o*#* M*mt4 •?•?#?•? h
10,000 People
i Summer.
i
T
I
ARE KNOWN BY THEIR FIT AND FINISH
Are to-day thinking of getting a new pair of shoes. There is no reason why they should not get them from us.
I
I
\J0 o o o o o o

Our aim is to furnish customers with the best of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices are always satisfactory.
Khaki,*’ (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
Hundreds

Men’s Straw Hats
Are to-day wearing our Shoes, but we are out for the thousands, and we want to win on the merits of our goods and value.
*
§
Linen Hats
Summer Underwear
Sweaters Fancy Shirts Ties.
Buggy Rugs & Whips
!
9
9
tt
Will be taken in exchange for Boots and Shoes at the
!
9
SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,


ALF. R. tycCUIRE,
T
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE.
*
M. G. STEWART.
THE WAR.
NOXON
*

i
m
SPECIAL SUNDAY EXCURSION
A SERIOUS SITUATION.
Victoria

Lord Roberts’ Line of Communication Cut and a British Regi ment Nearly Wiped out.
—o—
Until further notice round trip tickets will be sold to all stations, good on Special Train on date sold, and good returning until following Monday at One Single Fir^t Claps Fare.
^6
BINDER
REMEMBER

6 FT,, 5J FT. AND 0 FT. CV I\
Highest Drive Wheel Made. Brass Boxes.
Seventh Roller for Elevator.
•V|l the 1 test and best Improvements.
London, June 11.—Lieut .-Gen. Sr Frederick Forestier Walker, iu command of the lines i f communication in S ,uih Africa, reports that in the disaster to the British tto ms on June 7. at Roodeva1, where the B >era cut Lord Roberts' lines of communication, the fourth battalion of the Derbyshire regiment were all killed, wounded or made prisoners, except six enlisted men. Two officers and 15 men were killed and five officers and 72 men were wounded, many of them severely. The Boers returned the wounded to the British. The officers killed were Lieut.«Col. Baird Doug’as, ar.d Lieut. | Hawley. The wounded include Cul. Wi!- J kinsem and L;eut. Blanchard of the Can-1 adian infantry. Lieut. Blanchard is a member cf the British Columbia com-

Re Saturday and Sunday Night D. H. I
Trains.
Same w ill only stop at stations where time is given on Time Card shown below, and regular rates will apply.
Vi
We still have Tea at 17 Cents and Ladies Shoes at $1.00.
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION RY.
SPECIAL SUNDAY TIME TABLE
— ALSO
SATURDAY & SUNDAY D. H. TRAINS
Taking effect Sat. May 19,10.30, P. M.
Secure your
BINDER TWINE
f
) FPEffAL 8V«r>AV TRAIN
Ar 7 T. M
7.«kî 0.66 6.50 6 42 LUt2 621 6.14 6 08
srFtlAL ( « Hi IT TRAIN
t _
STATIONS
•• i

\
I
10 00 A, Si. Lv Aylmer. 10.15 10.26 10-31 1038 10.40 10.55 Jl.05
H n
11.19 n.37
from us.
tircvkenridgp, Kami ley
Parker s Crowing Mohrs.
Quyoii,
Wyman*,
Bristol.
Mi-Kees bhawville Clarkes Campbells Pay Vinton Couhmge Mellons Ar Waltham
Lowest Prices to Cash Customers.

i
pany.
Gen, Fvrcstier-Wh'kei'a despatch in full is as fulluvd :
C.pe Town, June 10.—(Sunday.)• The following casualties, reported from Roode-va), Jmiti 7ih, received from Stonhatu, commanding the Imperial Yeomanry, hospital, dated Rhenoater river, June 8, received hero by flag of truce, June 10 :
The fourth battalion of the Derbyshire Ar 11.50 P. M. | regiment (The Sherwood Foresters)—
i killed, Lieut..Col. Baird Douglas and ; Lieut. Hawley and 15 of the rai.k and file ; wounded, Col. Wilkinson, Captain : Bailey, L cuts. Hall, Lawder and Blanch* i ard, and 51) of the rank and file; the I Shropshire light infantiy, one; Capo Pioneer Railway regiment, seven; Ammuni-! lion Park Royal Marines and Imperial telegraphs, one each; post office corps, one.
“ Stouhani reports that many were severely wounded, and the remainder of I the Deibyshire and details of prisoners,
| except six of the rank and file, are in his i camp. All the wounded are in his camp,
I lately occupied by the Fourth Derbyshire, j Inquiries are being made as to the names.
I It is inferred that the Boers captured j over 500 men, and as late as June 10 held [ positions cutting iff the British forces j from north of Ktoonstad, from reinforcements.
The news that the shutting off of Lord |
Roberts’ communication with the outer | Belief that Japan and Russia will world was accompanied by such a serious
1 .SB came l.ke a bolt from a comparatively	u ™
###### iugg
treal 9.45 p. ra. Connects at Coteau Jet. for Com- P;ace seems somewhat in the nature of a
wall. Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. lias Pullman | movement for the relief of Colville. The car to Montreal.
E. HODGINS & SON.
• r
•i»
6.43
5.38
6.22
5.06
The

ll 47
wm

11.68
l-\!4 P. M. 12 30 12.40
Oxford Clipper,
FRONT AND REAR CUT
•^MOWERS#
X
4 50
Hi
Lv 4 40
i'
}
HUNPAY NIGHT 1>. U. TRAIN
0.00 P. M.
0.40
10.0..
10.80 10.30 10 53 11.18
SATURDAY
H
D H. TRAIN
\
Lv Aylmer Qu.von hhaw ville Vl.trkcs Campbells Buy Coulonge W altliaia
I\ W. RESSEMAN,
General Superintendent.
j
It’s a Decided Fact
11.10 10 40 10.25 10.15 P/,0 l1.26
<

ALL SIZES.
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
With Roller and Ball Bearings. I I Serrated Ledger Plates if desired. |
—o—	•
Ask our agent to show you the new Patented Ball Bearing Knife
Clip.
o o o o o o o
F
:o:
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers

We also manufacture the best and most complete line of Cultivating and Seeding Implements on Earth, comprising Spring Tooth Cultivators,
(fitted with grain and grass sowing attachments if desired.) Spring and Spike Are drawing the trade Tooth Harrows, Disc Harrows, Grain Drills, (all kinds,) Horse Rakes, 1	*
(friction and ratchet dump) etc., etc. .
If vou deed anything in our line send for our 1900 Illustrated Catalogue, (sent free.) i ou will him it very much to your interest to do so.
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT FEB. 26,1900.
EASTERN DIVISION. Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOUR*.
All leading bakers of Pon-
tme are using our Flour. The farmers get same quality in exchange.
For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
our way.
THE NOXON CO., Limited, Ingersoli, Ontario. Hirikst Market Price raid in Cash for Wheat.
the shawville MILLING CO.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:-
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE.
right
Local - stipe at all intermediate star Ions. Ar lives M . • . a. m. Valley field, connecta Coteau Jet. for Cornwall and points west.
a 8.45 A.M
a 6.10 A.M.
Furniture !
Limited stops Alexan-• andrta only. Arrives Montreal 11 15a in. Pullmanparlor car attached.
V W Ari 4 Af hundavs <nly-«toi«e at
W OsTTt-f a# v# # intermediate stations.
Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. m. Pullman parlor car attached.
re-
a 4.20 P.M
Furniture I
e	J. Rooney. Mr. Roy’s suspicions being
“ There exists in financial circles all aroused when she came a second time, the preliminaries of a panic. Public sen- made enquiries about the first timent is urging the government to take Dale said both note and order a more active interest in Chinese developments.
“ All day long communications are go! I ing on between the foreign c flice and Tien iTsin.”
6.35 P.M
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Lirie of Furniture is out of sight !
ould you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
one. Mr.
forgeries. Mr. Roy then got a warrant out for her arrest, which warn executed by Mr. E. B. D. La flour, and she is now in Bnrson jail.
Miss Minnie Seaman arrived home last Monday from Montreal to spend her college holidays with her parents.
Dr. Gabonry, of Bryson, was here on Wednesday.
Mr. Alf. Howard, of Shaw ville, was up this way again this week. Alf. seems to be doing a rushing business for Messrs. Connoly & Church, of Madoc, which firm he represents. He has sold u lot of ing machines, a few organs and pianos, and bought and sold several horses.
Mr. Jim Gereoux left here Thursday for Halybury.
The fine new Orange hall here is nearly completed.
Miss Edith and Mr. P. M. Farrell went to Greermount Friday.
England and New York point#. Montreal, leanrg at 7.30 a. ni. Step at local stations. Has Wagner buffet car New Yorkto Ottawa.
District and Country.
a 12.10 NOON
Limited — from Montreal and y ta.
11	, The Ottawa Citizen : -No le,.
A I* OK p . Limited—from Montreal than three petitions have been presented
in Parlor Suites
The Canada Central Baptist Association meets at Smith’s Falls June 18.h, 19th and 20th.
9.15 P.M.
are.’—- stkH/EE BBEBHHrB
iea of the office unassisted as Sheriff * **	** two yem#
Coutlee, associate sheriff, was unable to Mr. S. R. Rudd has sold his propary take any active part in the work of the m Ruddleigh Bay, about a mile nr 'office. On the latter’e death a few from Aropror, to a firm of ia;iul:'sts Q 1 K A Af For Aruj nor. Renfrew, | months ago it was understood Sheriff who are to erect a largo r»ulu mill there.
iu;.1w„„5:evl1*	i ,W‘ w°u!dh »*#•*“	p°“*?io" °f	_____________
mediate pointe,	the otfcce as he had discharged the dut-
X J-0 p Al For Arnprinr Renfrew. Eg- iea to the satisfaction of all. The Quebec ^ ^ ^ 1 *J1 •aaville, Pembroke, and in- government, however, announced that
Mr. T. J. O. Grondin had been chosen to assist the present sheriff, and share the salary with him. This move caused widespread dissatisfaction, hence the petitions.
There ate in all about 500 names Fr. m r.irry Sound, pem- the three petitions. The mayor and a!-
Amprio, Jl„t,rn,.,llaterHnUEb'“I‘Vilk'	j d.erm«" a,ld •“ th,? bu8,'?e” n,en ('f Hull
signed one while the other two received
numerous supporters in Gatineau Point
and Aylmer. In the petitions it Js set
forth that all the duties of the office were
satisfactorily discharged by Sheriff
Wright, hence there is no occasion to ap-
Ticket* to Europe and *11 parts of tin world by all [ point an assistant. It is also stated that American and C anad.au iteafr.ehip lines, also Cook's tears.
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
\\ hat s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a >
Middle & Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Train# leave Ottawa Central Depot ;
sew-
B'M

MURDER AT MOOSOMIN.
A Farmer, his Wife and two Children Killed by Hired Man.
Sideboard,
Extension Table, Dining-room Chair, Kitchen Table, Kitchen Chair, Bedstead,
Bedroom Suite,
Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress Parlor Table,
Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
termediate point#
1 AA I> AT	frain fl r Am prior,
J • 1*1* Renfrew, EganviFe, Maila-woaka and intermediate station#.
S.ANb Cebbmoxie.
A buiîdei’d laborers’ strike is in pro Mooeomin, N. W. T , Juno 10-Alex- gress m Ottawa, i. will hav» th«- effect ander McArthur, his n ifd and two child- of retarding the re-building of the burnt rjn, a ed 10 and 12, of W, Itwyn, were districts of the city, unloss a settlement murdered kwt night. The crime was com- can be arrived at before long between mitted by John Monlton, the hired man. parties concerned.
Hie motive is unknown. The murderer Sudbury, Ont., June 11.—John Don-was captured, but had shot himself ley, of Carleton Place, and John French through the chest. He may recover. Mr. of Eeachburg Mines, employed at the McArthur whs a farmer on a considerable Victoria nickel mine, near Whitetish, -v ale and well to-do. He also conducted a were killed on Saturday night, A log store in Uellwyn, and was the postmaster of wood which was laid across the top” of there. He was about 42 yean of ape, the shaft to sustain the bucket when be-and came originally from Cheaby, Ont , ing hauled up, got loose and fell down as Miao did hie wifé, whose maiden name the shaft upon the men, who were work-wts Sarah Colville.	ing below, killing them instantly.
Train# arrive at Ottawa Central depot :
1 1 A 4 Af » From Pembroke. Fgan-
¦ ¦ • 1 ™ " -a eifle .ville, Renfrew, Arnprior
>
and intermediate points.
on
5.35 P.M.
3.00 P.M
Mixed train from M.idawas-• ka. Eganvilie, Renfrew, Am-pnor and intermediate station#.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot Russell House Block
CUTHBERTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,

the salary attached to the office is only sufficient to pay the present incumbent of the office for his work.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
a Trains run daily except Sunday * Sinday only.

¦N




\





_ /
4
lLi



W

'

