###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION
X
Vol XV, No. 11
SHAWVILLE, Co. PON IA C, P. Q.
THURSDAY
SEPT. 2, 1897.
!o..d.1£^cS.,"!?ï
dvance.
“ THE EQUITY "
BANK OF OTTAWA
Ladie* ! 8ee our new Blouse Silks now
J. U. ShàW.
Partridge shooting season opens the 15tn of this month-
Ladies' Bicycling Hate ! The latest— very nice.	Ml*. Jah. M< Ckeme. .
Additional interesting local matter will ! QHIcIII lOt Of
be found on 6th ~
Fall Caps for men and boys ; just open ed a large range
Mr. ft. Mitchell has removed his family into Mr. John Armstrong’s house, Main
in stock
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shaw ville every Thursday.
The
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000.00 —...................$1,005.000.00
un
page
Rest
Dkntimtry.—Read Dr. Stackhouse s announcements on last page of this |>aper.
Messrs. A. McRae and Jas. Knox painted the stables and out buildings of I St. the Methodist parsonage last week. I
money toacoompanythemanuscrlptlnevery Mrs. T. VV. Wilson, Main st., Shawville '	J
LADIES’ -BLOUSES
Subscription, 91.Op roo'Annum.
Board of Directors :|
Charleh Maof.b, Ehq., President, Georoe Uay, EHg.,Vice-President.
John Mathkk, Ewy . Davih Mac Larch, Bhv.,
O. F. Hodoinh
Advertising rates made known on application.
Hon. Uso. Bkysow, Jm Alex. Framer, Km*,
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all part* of the country.
Dennis Mvri'Hy, Est*
to clear.
OBORGK BURN D. M. FINN IK
General Manager (Local) Manager
A GENERAL BANKING UU81NBH8 TRANSACTED.
J. H, Shaw
«.	, Aak moat any per non you meet from Quyon
Messrs, (r. F. Hodgins and J. J. I about Dr. Allison’s " Pearly Pebblea.” For Turner made a big catch (numerically) of | «ale by O’Meara A Hodgins, Quyon. speckled beauties at the North Branch on on Friday last.
/. A. COWAN, Publisher
Draft* Issued on mil Banking points In the Dominion, United Ntales and Great Britain,
Notes and Ollls collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
Dr. A. Lyon has been invited to act as We have set the prices ill
judge of poultry at the Richmond, Co. Til REF LOTS The members and adherents of what is L'arleton Fair, tie intends accepting the ,	, AA '	/ * L . CIS.
known as the “Holiness Movement" have I invitation.	|aiUl ÿl.UU each,
a little frame church in course of erection near Campbell’s Bay.
rates.
Bum* of |1 and upward* received U Saving* l)e partment, Interest credited half yearly.
Oflt« e Hours—10 a. m. to,3 p. m. Saturday 10am to 1 p. iu.
j.
a.

Photographer Green, will be at Pontiac House Gallery, Shawville, on Friday O’Meara A Hodgins of Quyon sell more Dr. ^‘ptember 3rd, and will remain all Allen*» “ Pearly Pebbles *• than all other I	Don’t forget date.
Veterinary Physician and Surgeon. | remedies combined, In Pontiac county,
Graduate of Ont. Vet. College,
f" \
Dr. L. MULLIGAN,
JAS. HOPE & Co.
A.VUFACTURINO STATIONERS, UOOKSEL IvA 1er*, Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depositor) f the Ottawa Auxiliary DlhleSovlety .Ottawa, Out.
The A rnprior News that Mr. J.
T. w„.	i:™ We "™8a>-i" ¦>». <1™*
steamer “Janet Craig" to Prof. Workman, |	,ai1 *0 inspect OUF
The Shawville Band hae been engaged of Ottawa and Bristol, who will, we learn,
Treat* DlweaKe* of all Dome*tlcated Animal*. 1° furnish music for the exhibition here | continue to run it from Arnprior, ahho’
Office at Amin’s Livery Stables. | on the 15th inst. They have recently ae- sonic are of the opinion that it will be
cured some-very catchy music which they used next season to Sand Point only, are practicing for the occasion
oaute they never fall to give satisfaction They cure ; that’s It.
QUYON, QUE,
R. S. DOWD, K.D.,C.M
- Dress Goods -
M. D.,C. M Trinity: L. ft. C. P. & Ü , Edinbvsoii Licentiaic or Faculty or Physicians and
Hviuisonr, Glasoow.
Office it Residence In late Dr.'.Astley’s House, Quyor Office hour* : 8 to 12 a. m. and 7 to 9 p. tu.
Court Shawville,
No 216.
.	Mr ü T. Argue, butcher, of this vil-
Messre. 8. Hodgins and John A. Dale lage, during the past two or three weeks
__	made a trip to the Polish settlement in lias been thinning out the surplus beef
the 4th Wedne*- [ Ciapham last week in search of cattle, cattle in several of the adjoining town-lay of every month. They succeeded in getting ten head, ships Thomas is supplying the Messrs.
I rompUy e™ery month aruo“K w,llch were a fow tine lar#e	Jamieson, of Renfrew, fur whom 80
-1 iïrÆSsrs	ü.“- "
II. 9. Barnett, FF | Bulletin No. 28, which deals very fully	understand that Mr. R. D. Finni-
with the subject of weeds, and contains has purchased a lot from Mr. J. L. I OUF assortment larger than many hints as to methods of destroying Shaw on Pickanock St., on which he in-them.	tends building in the spring. The pro
il» ¦
are the latest in weave and colorings ; see them
arriving daily for fall and
ter wear.
(iOF
win-
F
S. J. MCNALLY, Ml.. Cl. (ffe
Meets
Physician, Surgeon and Accoucheur.
Office - Campbell's Bey.
L.B.C
The reason why we say that our values are better and
SO IS
A. W. Morrison, It H
J. A. Smith, C It.
ever.
Arthur hcconnell,
A TTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, A quo, will, at request, attend at IcourU n the llstrlct. Allcorrespondenceprompt*
y answered.
Will be a 19 haw ville 11 ret Thursday ofeaeb month.
IZocal and (fômtraL
o
Grey and White Blankets at prices unheard of at G. F. Hodgins’.
REID BROS.
HENRY AYLEN,
Our local cotem. interviewed a number
Mr. Alf. McGuire, In company with I of our leading citizens last week, on the.	1
Mr. T. Allen, of Ottawa, formally man- subject of a system of water works and THE ARCADE STORE
Mrs. \\ m. Lucas, of Caldwell, who has ager of the London House here, spent last fire pfhtection, with the result that	"
been seriously ill during the past week, is week on a bicycling tour. Among the nearly all favor the idea, although some	\T?NPPTnB fYVT
we are glad to learn some better.	towns visited were Cornwall, Brockvilie, differences of opinion exist as to how the 1	^ ^ 1	Ul> 1 •
Have you tried Dr. Allison’s “ Kidney Ogdensburg and Prescott.	matter should be undertaken. As a
Buds ” yet ? Rend 10 cents in stamps and get	T,	. .	primary step, we think the views of
* I & lull trial box. Allison Medicine Co.,	J,iey Aro makinK on an average about Messrs. George Donaldson and H. Lang, , ^ ~	. .. M	_
I Brockvilie, Ont.	Putmda °.f^ul^r **** At the Renfrew that a competent engineer be engaged to P.O—All Summer Goods at
against blundering—as the latter while far from being satisfactory, does not pay.
5
T H Shaw
ADVOCATE Hull, - - - Que.
Mr. Aylen will regularly of the Courts at Bryson
attend the sessions
CEO. C. WRIGHT
!
72 MAIN ST. • HULL QUE.
It is understood the action instituted
mg board of a wagon upon which he was
Personal Mention.
Miss Jessie Walker of Ottawa was visiting Mrs. Robt. Hobbs last week.
Sudden Death,
Mr. Peter McLean, of Sand Point, de half an hour afterwards
T3AILIFK OF THE SUPERIOR COURT toctive agent for the Upper Ottawa lm A a ,	__	| On Thursday last the wires conveyed to
13 sMawvllle. Que., respectfully solicit* pruvement Company, is around Bryson Un Sunday evening Mrs. J. A. McGuire the residents of this village the sad in
SSSS?* sxacawasit Fit	«-.
outteville, which occurred on Saturday taken down on the previous Wednesday visiting friends in Portage du Fort, after a short illness from typhoid fever,	by her husband for the purpose of having
A meeting of .he creditors of Timmins	Mrs. McGuire, accompanied by her son	| a critical surgical operation performed.
Bros. & Co., lnsu!\ flits of June des 1 eres,	Clarence, left here by Monday morning's	For some months past Mrs. Fades had
waa *n f be office of the I rothouotary	t rain to attend the funeral.	been in very delicate health, and at times	Mrs. (Dr.) Hurd man	and Miss Maud
of the Superior Court, Lryson, last Thun	suffered extremely from the malady with	Le Roy, of Bryson, paid	a short visit to
:	day to appoint a curator, etc., to the ea; L. Graham, bee.-Treas. Ag. 8ooy No. whioh elie wa8 afflicted, until at length friends here on Friday.
,.........
and other business centre» in the county,	she consequently succombed to its effect, Mr. Clarence McGuire, V. 8., of Com
•o that parties requiring the Mme may	Just as we Thought.—Mr. Wm. A. »t 5 o clock on Thursday morning.	The	WBiit arrived here on Thursday night on
obtain them without difficulty.	Hodgins, of Mr. Edward Hodgins <& bereft husband communicated the	sad	a vja,t to hie parents. He drove all the
_	. _	_	Sons, who left here on Saturday morn- news by wire to hie friends here, as soon r tkti fact0rv town
Farmers Excursion.—Posters are out	n»g, (21st) returned again on the follow	as the telegraph office was open, and the	7	7
announcing a Farmers’ Excursion to the	mg Wednesday evening with hie bride,	same evening arrived by train with the	Judge Lavergne, the newly appointed
rpHIS hotel has been recently opened for	Central Experimental Farm at Ottawa,	(nee Mias Minnie Sheppard, formerly of	remains, which were met at the station by	judge for Ottawa District, spent Friday
been e q*n 1 p ped °i / flr°s t° o I u * “ e t°yi ê	within	°\er the P- P* J* and G- V- Railways on	this place) who journeyed from ban Fran	Mr. A. Smiley, undertaker, and a large	night last at the Pontiac House, while on
necessary requirements.	Wednesday next, Sept. 8th. The return cisco to Toronto,where she was met by Mr. number of sympathetic friends and ac his way from Bryson to Ottawa.
(SSSSSSiH EirtarSi'K ffp sr	tsss-	...» «sssirsK
fU|Ur0n.rticul^™er 9th' See P°ete" for	wer“, st the station to do the honor, | from the West. The obsequies were	then	Canada Atlantic Railway and the Hudson
fuller particulars.	usually observed on such occasions, j held in accordance with the ofhees of	the	rirer With favorable weather the trip
The new staff of teachers and the com- I ^ llf1 L*lu flnHt of congratulations which	J r. ^ > !« inn church, of which the late	wm ^ a delightful one, and we trust
miasioners met at the academy on Tue,.	»re ^“'8 bestowed on the young couple,	Mrs. Bade, was a member. Mr. Young,	Milsde Hodgins and Elliott will enjoy it
day morning to have a social chat together	1HB Equity desires to contribute its |	student in charge of the congregation	to the fullest extent,
and incidentally to discuss and decide	Huuu-	here, held service at the late home of the
the*manageumn t*of theTnatiluttou during	J	^	""" inUnJ'b» St. Paul', church cerne-
sSESSîS
mm
Mi.M	n A	I lions of momentous importance which the more to the sadness of the circum- for the core of all kidney troubles, pain in
mSS"Ï£ McSmJ’V.	’	«“Ve finally reached the culminating .tance, of the ce,	ÎÎ.Y 'XLF'SXÎ
fi: 8=55=5=% I a -	I sms & six - - esshes
Allison Medicine Co., Brockvilie, Cnt,
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
Miss A. Bolam, of Renfrew, spent last week visiting friends in Bryson.
the company
Mr. W. S. Blythe, wife and family, of Ottawa, are visiting at Mr. H. {lubbs .
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT,
OFFICE I—COURT NT., SHAWVILLE
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
ST LAWRENCE HALL.
M.NtcLBAN,
D
GRAND CENTRAL HODSE,
0. Turpsla - - Prop.
PONTIAC HOUsf


%"
They Do Good Work.

I
I
ance o
Important Offer for the Canadian
People.
.
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL,
PROPRIETOR


This hotel will be found fully equipped for the accommodation of the public generally. and especially commercial men. Free bum mete all trains. Good livery In connection.
||f Ladles' and gents. blcycle<kept torihlre

»
I






L.

###PAGE###2###
assess	HM
¦ihep**™
mus
*HÉ*™
quwtion. 1	*	° ^wu sorne^l‘n# that will P*VMI through pure itidohvnve he squandered ^ the French Academy of Music, h
up suddenly.	p ^k^Kz XrC: Sib Liïi^r C1n%n!:r%h^ m°re HWaL7eÙfU?nTrj!n %t:e wit
Dear child, are you Hit axked a never erne* our Uu-eahold—the pusmon» I "I have seen him, Elsie,” she Kvhis- huW or where hie mother lives, and pristine qualities and vigor of the wng-sym pa t hot in voice, and the old lady which grieve and wound human heart* pered. "in the flesh!*'	for year* he and hie wife have made ^ voire
l «eut over her.	the world ; we scarcely know them "Who-mv coiiainf** oeked the aux- her feel she waa a great burden to ^ ^	the	vocal organ*
"No, no!1* mid riu> hastily. Wueh-	^8t %	!',mV‘ had woiW.llh.^ld.Vv «h^htuprepared % the short time them dear ones that an agreeable singing voice can ao-
ang deeply. * 1 did not sleep in the i tionf"	for him. She saw him before her so arp here why not m.iike them comfort- tuaJly lie created or built up.
night, and H	SuildenJy the girl fell upon her knees plainly as he stood I reside her at lier al>le and happy ? Give them wnrm. «un- That the electric current is capable
^r^z’Jrjrsri	Bm—El£r S52S 3; iirsM
tooh u|> a box, un it hi y a numlfer or j j had never seen him,” she sobtied. but locked the strength to do so. them with love and respect. Surely known for name years, but it hex rebâtie hex of violet*. My grandebil- i "Hise, Elizabeth., and commise your- “Hcgebach? No! 1 do not mean this is not asking too much in return •	* jor üf Moutier U> discover tl*ii
zc:	&Î5 —‘2	"" d"“” ” ”” tsur.
purple flowers toward tlh* girl.	Eiltue once more, raising her tearful „iDeteen «ears old and you have been
Her tiny hand received them, but no |	to keep from lying. Tell my tn f^ardimg *eh,xil. Aih. yes.” she
black veil hastily over her face and 'es. to him. whom they have called veritable antre Is of innocence I was ly in a sick room, aa they are a pro-,to—--....-.
«. -—- -..., .w Erisâ &&&£&£¦ B se* —- - 7"
fso young,” she murmured, looking | duty and the hands of the dock which civilian dress—well, Elsie, what «° The lviok and arm* of an old chair oui of the window.	indicate the time before one's eyes. .V°u to that?"	that seem to I* of no use will make
»,	.1, T ; Sy^vS^5aSÆSÆ5 ^3TA“!5-«—*• - tVXS'VJX STUSJVSmS
the coupe was ^ a- <»ua.l\	1	lthl 01 tt she imp.orad me to keep her lorever. Elsie, aunt did not see me ; she was se<l^ Hn(j jPgS an(| pudding the back and
short distance and then was vacant At first all went well ; she worked in talking to a porter on the other #ude armfl with pieces of am old comfortable
order to drown hier and thought* ; the of the platform. I was getting the RT1d covering this with some delicate col rest and regularity lenefitted her un- tickets and he wax at agi ditag among ored chintz or satine, or, when the rest nerves. But time healed her the crowd ; he is really handsome thl- ^ in use. one may fill the batik and sides health returned and beckoned hier to the gay life without our circle; her eyes grew daily more yearning and f.naily she said: 'I tun going, Sister Bea te. I must go ; here one creeps and in, the world one, flies I” So she went.
I do nt*t know what became of her. 1 am oniy telling yuuf thus to show you that this is no place in which to heal peiniajL ntly the wound* inflicted by t he wor
WINNING HER WAY.
The
CHAPTER XVI
ran-
Feofxle called that good for What was it ?
tune I tune?
To hoar the name ot a man. to aha re hie wealth, not to have to worry at out the manifold material need»—that was
And iu the
“good fortune” to them return for that ah# was to give everything—her freedom, her hope*, he reel f, body and août.

the lip# of a cry-water will often
that
title shuddered and Mowed her eyes. "Never!” said she. loudly that she was startled by her own voice, and thirl the old lady opposite her looked up
H r eyes were cast down ;
ELECTRICITY FOR SINGERS.
RfkUlta I tor rrlwllwr «luMllllr* aid il*»r
of I hr Ml agi ng lalrr.
in surprise she did not notice it ; she saw le fore
with
her a durk-<x«nple x toned men sorrow fui eyes; iin her ears rang the sleigh-lei Is ami the perfume of violets hovered around her turned from her, had deserted her—bto-
She started
If you have ever had a voice and lost
tier
And yet he had
r
cause she was s poor gurl
It is even hinted that such
it y or timbre of the normal voice may be changed and improved.
The method of treatment ia quite simple. The patient takes a seat in & chair insulated by glass feet, and the negative pole of the tnttery is applied to file throat. The process is by po mean* unpleasant and the effect is said to be truly remarkable. Instantly the old muaient resonance returns, the voice slips over the register with ease, end power, and after a few applications the change becomes fixed and permanent.
isfnotary results are only obtained where the failure of the voire is due to relaxation of the chords and nerv In cases of lesions or disease the application has no effect. In Paris this method of treating tlie voice line become quite general and is regarded as the natural adjunct of a ooval career.
HT NTS FOR THE HOUSEHOLD. When perfumes are not disagreeable
press
After a while she fancied she
it
sound

Sat

IThe old lady left the coups
a gam
She stood upon hhe plot form and 8trUjn~ watched the train as it slowly steam- ; wound, ed out ; she would like to have seen that sad, child-like face once more, butt her wish wad vain. EXeie sat as motionlessly as ever, in her corner.
At length she too reached her destination and stepped upon Uue platform of the» to her, familiar station; It seemed to her as if she were dreaming.
There wax the Thuringem Wald ax she had seen U a hundred Urnes, and be-lore her stretched the et reel with its neat, o6d-fashioned house*, in the windows of which flowers bloomed in profusion ; further on was the tiny church with its shady green church-yard. All so unchanged, while she was not her-
ticket* and he vmix ---------
the crowd ; he is really handsome d , is in use.----
was got well enough acquainted with pillows to address him. but I know how to help myself under such circumstance*
umbrella fell a*
. I «	tin U1 ^ <a •	«I mMMXJ §/«• VU» V	V * w '
..fx.	f|- . - ----- h<" p,‘ ionflnt be fastened securely from brass-headed
Oh. thank you very much Lieutenant naiJs <hp r1irtAins can »>e readily drawn
Bernard I, ' said I. He started.	upon it. and it will not sag as a piece
" ! continued . $ twine will.
aie. I
When hanging sash curtains in the
summer cottage windows and rods are not at hand, take picture wire. It can
PROOF AGAINST POISONS
As I passed him hi* feet ; of
my
course
A girl Wh<» Laugh* al l ehrs asd Ealile-
Minke IIIle» asd l»oe»n'l Ksew rain.
am in a great hurry." ¦	J
A^MtoWw1 Vo Mch I Do not forget in .«-ling away til.er
Elsie von Hegebaeh who wishes to on- for the summer to put a f?w J?.?: ps ter a convent.** You should have seen camphor m the box with it. 1 bis will his face. "Ye*, to enter a co»ive,it.’* help to keep the silver from Incoming i aaid. ‘'because she does not want ' to discolored, as it oftentimes will when
Good-bye. Lieute- not m use
I left him and brave- Mothers in the country with children
Miss Evatima Tan to, aged 26. of St. Paul. Min»- has all her life l»en alwo-lutely free from pain and has no idea what it is except by word of mouth from others. She is also free from the poisonous effects that fallow the bits ot certain reptiles and insecte only that, hut she can tow*1 low the deadilieet fcoison known to science, while all stimulants, narcotics, anaes-
f you accept the positions, bin i yourself for two years at least, Elsie, Consider it well.”
She w.i* still upon her knees; she
¦aw pink roses and. fluttering ribbons, _____
she heard stra.ns of the sweetest music, mar.rL *1<ir laughter and sung— that was life, that P^ot Bernard;'	—
was youth! And like a colorless pic- pushed my way through the crowd. w„Jl do well to visit the bam and secure tore, ku.ideal y ruse before her the M I was about to enter the ladies' a **,, 0f oa#a to ketop at hand. XVet school-room with its bore walls—and	°°upe, he entered the next coach It	shoes as	soon ns t hey are rwnoved	from
she was so young ! Sister Beale’s last	wna fortunate that aunt was at the	(he feet,	should be filled with the	oats
word* troubled her.	other window. I had to have air very and left, until perfectly dry. The oats
Harki From the next room came often and he too!—at the stations more absorb the moisture kn the leather and a clear, vibrating lone I Someone was	especially! Occasionally aunt called	preserve	the shape of the shoe.
Playing the violin! Elsie burst into	across the nurses and babies: "Did	* zinc	bathtub may be polished	very
-he imirmuned. "1 w*U remaun with the train; he went farther. And	eîeïïTd. wash the tub with
when ! have told you that he sent a » a w-ter to your father’s grave and that D0Ulng WaTer he is going home on Ieave-of-ahsen< e Ï have told you all!*’
WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ m	Elsie had ceased weeping. She open-
There were spare rooms in the in- M window, leaned out and looked atitute. The village inn was very prim-	i*nto the garden flooded with moon-
dïve, axul laments often stopped over	light ; a nightingale was singing sweet-
to visit their daughters. Une of the	l.v in a linden tree, and her heart
rooms had been placed at Elsie’s dis- throbbed violently
pteaU, and the beet of those modest He thought of her! He had spoken	,
chambers was prepared	for	the	recep-	of her on the mewt	wretched	dav	of	hulling M raw berries will r*	doubly ap-
tion ot Frau von Haienow.	her life. Oh	joy!	preciotecL With a cherry	«toner and
The tram was to arrive at nine She drew hack, closed the window, something for removing hulls on ber-oclock, and the pr.ncipal had gone to and bursting into tear# buried her face	the housewife does not look upon
the station in jeison	to receive	the	in her hands.	What	did it	avail	hert	this preserving season with	such dread.
She was onlv	a poor	girl!	and stains upon dainty pink	fingernails
(To B. Continued.>	ere a thlo« of the PasL
;
ou
Not
thetiesand sedatives have no effect upon her.
When she was 5 years old, living with
her parents on the Island of Trinidad in the West Indies, a cobra threw itself u
self
Rapidly she proceeded down the street and passed through the arhool-garden. Not a sou,l to be seen—thank God! All were still at work and in
rni
pon her and bit her terribly.-Her parent* laid her out to die, but she went to sleep for thirty hours and
l Now a cobra
the school-room.
The canary was warbling clearly in hisgilded cage in Sister Beale's room. She knocked and slowly crossed the thireshcdd of the little room, in her mourning garb, her veil over her pale face !
“Elizabeth!” «aid a deep, calm voice, "i» it reaJly you» Elizabeth?" An old
Indy advanced toward her and a pair of kindly eyee looked into her sorrow-lull' face.
"Sister Beale ¦be could utter no* sound both anna around the woman's neck and her pent-up grief dieaodved into an almost convulsive fit of weeping.
“You are in mourning, poor child f My father,” she stammered.
Sister Beale kieeed her hand sympathetically and led her to the old-fashioned sofa. "Cadtn yourself first,
talk afterward
When all parts
awoke aa fresh as a rose can bite her a dozen times a day and the best he can do will be to make her a little sleepy and kill himself.
She stood up in a doctor's office reNow that the berry season has come men ol all parts of the world, and that
.round the convenient little article for the only explanation wma that .he had
been born with a defective nervous system im so far as the sensory nerves are concerned, she was jabbing pi ns into her face. The doctor ran a long need lain to her repeatedly and a rattlesnake allowed to bi/te her in the presence of the w it nesses, and: no effect was observable.
Figs that have become dried may he
freshened by laying them upon a plate
and
CHAPTER XVII
i.l
she tried to say, but
e threw

VII

Mint
imi

was
stern aunt.
In the meajiwhae, Elsie sat in her little room and anxiously watched the pastuug clouds which occasionally obscured the moon. What was to be	________
donef Sister Beats knew all the de-	Baldwin—l suppose you took your OIL ST0VES F0R SI MMER.
room at that moment weaving the	qaire much care, but should be attended Mammoth Cave in Kentucky. In the
thread of her destuny.	SIZING HIM utP.	to daily in order to be free from. odor. CVLVe> °f Smellin. near Viborg. in 1 im
tOsie. Elsie,” said a soft voice, "are First Tramp-Yer say dat the worn- Proper location for either an oil or gas- ,AD<i| a rat or thrown in will make
Second Tramp-Bat's	what I said.	reach them. Unless such a	place ie ®d echo.
LiJi 1'	she	cried	in surprise.	First Tram**—Did she	tell yer aof	provided they will smoke,	aind	nothing
m J!	WUfl	reply. "I	Second Tramp—No ; she brought me	makes them dirtier. For	the	sake an
1 I should	find	you gazing	a knifd ter eat der pie	wid.	convenience they should be	set on a low
«I Gracious heavens," she	- -	table or box. Thus may be just large
ij-ef lf ttod totetS WORSHIPPED THEIR, WHEELS. S^ftifl b^r^i lor VtApiL^fu^
"------— — -	- •--	—	which are to be used	’

we will
Bfoahetik.	.	.
(Vmif take a cup of coffee. 1 knew
that you were coming—a dispatch is
^firom whom I” Elsie glanced at the
What is it f Wbat
HIS CONFESSION
ECHOES IN CAVES
In a cave In the Pantheon at (Rome
speaker in terror
does the telegram say !” she added quickly.
"I am to keep you from writing letter», child, tor your aunt will arrive here this evening."
Elsie trembled and at first did not At length she sob led : "¦ keep me that I may not ain as ,
88 wwnan	ever e,B-h,lp i	a g'irlieb form at
any
Sister
apeak
Beats
deeply as woman could ever s
me i hut I may not tie ruined 1”	I .	.	,	. % ^	.
"Elisabeth* you are leside yourself !" the door and recognized the coquettish ¦aid the sister in her calm, warning spring hat and Ube aristocratic face beneath it "J
Vi»»***.	—— ---------------— Yea ‘it ie 11	-------- ____________________________________ _ w
Slhe looked moodily and search- just fancied I should find you gazing | & knifd ter eat der pie wid. 6xgly into the face of the woman before at the mooel Gracious heav In r.‘	continued, taking off her hat,
"Sister Beats," she continued, in a . not a sofa here! I am tired to death, changed voice, "you told me when I Ah, Elsie, it was naughty of you to i* ft here that I could always find ebel- run away."
that you would give roe j	‘ BÊÊgÊg
rhe echoed. I have come , __
Elsie's clasped hands fell into her
¥p
AN AWFUL TRIAL.
A curious custom prevails in Bul-All oewlv married women are obliged to remain dumb for a month
wmmm
When the bicycle was first iatroduo-
thèng tor natln atom it. Calcul
v



###PAGE###3###

'
frota the words of the prophecy of th e book, God nhaJl take away II a psrtouit of the l>ook of life mid out of the Boll
of our most forceful and repulsive words out of it—ravenous. That bird has a passion for picking out the eyes
loves to
hife, then, we wwtch the ravens maul the sick and the dying. Itswal-fcoding ifXijah. let the swift dove of . lows with vulturous guazle everything God'S spirit sweep down,' the slur with it van put its lieak on. and yet all the divine food, and on ouAap re a d wing ; food Klijah gets for six months or a nauho at the lip of every soul hunger- year is from ravens. So your supply is Ing for comfort.	’	goin gto couie from an unexpected
Notice, in the first place in the story source, of my text, that them winged caterers You think some great hearted gener-esme to Elijah direct from God.	ous man will come along and give you
"1 have commanded the ravens that him name on the back of your note, or th*iy feed theft," we find God saying in he will go security for you in some ÉtÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ WÊÊÊÊ They did not great enterprise. No. he will not, God come (>ux of some other cave. They did will open the heart of some Shy lock m t juj* hapiien to alight there. God toward you. Your relief will come
freighted them. God lawîn hed them, and fro mthe most unexpected quarter. God tolal them by what cave to swoop. The providence which seemed ominous That is the same God that is going to will lie to you more auspicuous. It aug>piy you. lie is your Father. You will not be a chaffinch with breast would have to make an elaliorate ealeu- and wing dashed with white and Itation I «fore you could tell me how brown and chestnut; it will lie a black many ixmiide of food and how many raven.
yards of clothing would be necessary Here is where we will make our mis for you and your family. Out God take, and that is in regard to the color knows without any calculation. You of God's providence. A white provi-have a plate at Hw table, and you are dence cornes to us and we say, "On that going to lie waited on. urn la# you act is disaster I" Then a black providence like a naughty child and kick and comes toward us and we say, "Oh that scramble and pmiAd saucily* the plate is disaster!" The white provident e and try to limit things.	comes to you and you have great huai-
God basa vast family, and everything ness success ,and you have |1UO,OUO, and W methodized, and you are going to !» you get proud and you get independent .served if you wild only wait your turn, of God, and you begin to feel that piay-God ha» already ordered all the suits er, 'Give me this day my daily bn-ad," of clothett you will ever need down t o i* inappropriate for you the («et suit in which y<m will I» laid made provision for 100 out. God ha* ad ready ordered all the black providence comes, and it sweeps food you will ever eat down to tne last, every tiling away, and then you begin to crumb that will be put in your mouth pray, and you liegin to feel your dein the dying sacrament. It may not peudence and begin to humble before lie juiit the Eindof food or apparel we God, and you cry out for treasures in wouM prefer. The sensible parent de- heaven. The black providence brought pends on his own judgment as to what you salvation. The white providence ought to be the apparel and the food brought you ruin. That which seemed of thè minor in the family. The child to be harsh and fierce and dissonant would eay, "Give me sugar and con- was your greatest mercy factions." "Oh, no," says the parent, raven. There was a child born in your "You must have something plainer house. Aid your friends congratulated first," The child would say, "On. give you. The other children of the family me tjiase great Notches of color in the stood amazed looking at the newcomer garment. "No," says the parent, "That and asked a great many questions, gen-wouidn't he suitable."	tal< gi> al and chronological. You said
Now, God is ouir Father, and we are —and you eaid truthfully— that a m i nom, and II» is going to c.lot he u* white angel flew through the room ami and feed ua, although Hb may not al- left the little one there. That little ways yield to our infantile wish for the oim stood with its two feet in the very sweets and gilt ter. Those ravens <>f sanctuary of your affection, and with the text ditl not bring ^pomegranates its tw ohands it took hold of from the glittering plattery of King a.tar of your soul, Hut one day there A hah. They brought bread and meat, ,-ame one of the three scourges of chil-Go<l had ail thej heavens and earth l e- dren—s- arlet fever, or croup, or diph-
and under Him, and yet he therm—and all that bright scene van-sen<is this plain ftx>d localise it was i^hediHMBÉHHfjjjHBHHMHpMHHB Lwt for till jab to have it, Oh, be strong, questions, the pulling at the dresses as my hearer, in the fact that the same yuu clo sed the floor—all ceased.
God is going to supply you I It is As the great friend of children stoop-hard times" with llun. Ins *1 down and leaned toward the cradle
and took the little one in his arms and walked away with it into the bower of eternal summer, your eye began to follow Him, and you followed the treasure He carried, and you have l>eeu following them ever since, and instead of thinking of heaven only once a week, as formerly, you are thinking of it all the time, and you are more pure and tender-hearted thata you used to be, and you are patiently waiting for the daybreak, it is not self-righteousness in you to acknowledge that you are a better man tiian you used to be, y are a better woman than you used to be. What was it that brought you the sa notifying blessing ; Oh, it was the dark shadow on the nursery ; it was the dark shadow on the short grave ; it was the dark shadow on your broken heart.; it whs the brooding of a great black trouble ; it was a raven ; it was a rav-Dear Lord, teach this people that white providences do not always mean advancement, and that black providences do not always mean retrogres-
because one lias done wrong and wWhe# his wrong condoned, or is in sorrow and warns his sorrow relieved, eg because it is tiie fashion to give, n# all wrong W liât oar moral sense leads us to give—that and that only in counted by the heavenly IxMik-keepers. Not grudgingly. The margin of ib« 1 UsvUsed Version* makes it not of sorrow/* or "from grief, as if half crying' over the lose of the money given."— VVhedon. Of necessity. Ity assessment or obligation. God lovelh a cheer foi giver, uod loves a loving heart, a heart that gives itself.
8. G(m! is able to make all grace abound toward you. I>i not I» afraid that a large-hearted liberality will tend to poverty. Give in faith and in hope as well as in love. All your resources are in God; he is your real banker, the giver and the conservator of all your property, and all your earthly possessions as well a syour spiritual ly possessions as well as your spiritual advantages are of his abounding ' grace." lie who lends to the Lord may feel sure of his pay, for God never dishonors a ’ loan. And "he that giveth to the poor—or to the church of G ltd— lendelh to the Lord." Having all sufficiency in all things. God abound# to us that we may abound foif others.
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
BIRDS OF THE BIBLE.
yo
Ci
INTERNATIONAL LESSON, SEPT. 6.
rUC PROPHET ELIJAH ANb THE RAVENS THAT FED HIM.
Cilvlng for .»ewl»li « brlellan»." t €Jnr. S, I II. Uwldrn Tell, « I or, Hi ».
PRACTICAL NOTK8.
ihfi Hallle Tor Hrriiil rkyulcnl nnd Hplrl-Inal Famine» — ar, TaImage UlM’oumci en Ike la»l Family Fed bally Wlllepnl Fall by bw«l the Talker.
Vr#reel 1. For. Here is one of many rasas wheins the division into chapters ami verops confisses sense. Tikis is the dosing pe/t of thle scntem» tmgun in tho Inst venae of the preceding chapter;
1 Iswrech yen* to receive courteously tiw* brethren whom I send, for concerning the duty of caring for the temporal want» of the spiritually minded one» it is surety superfluous for ns to write to you* who are so prompt already." The persons sent were Titus; an unnamed brother "whose praise is in all the churches." and whom it would, lie plea.suat if we could identify with Luke ; and possibly Eraatua also. Ministering to the saints. "Caring for the holy ones." Two opportunities to do this were about to come to thw Connlhnans: first, Titus and his corn jian ions should lie hospitably received, and, second, money for th» lienefit of the church in Jerusalem shmdd lie generously given. "Saints" is commonly used as a name for disciple» of Christ in both Acts and the epistles. In' (his sense we are all "saintsset-apart ones; people who have committed themselves to God. It is superfluous for met to write to you. Here speaks the courteous gentleman. They already understood and recognized the duty of I eue vole nee, but were fierhaps a little tardy in performing it. Could a more delicate hint than this I* given?
2. The forwardness of your mind. They had shown this "forwardness,"
Kev. Ur. Ta Image on Sunday preached from the text 1. Kings, xvii., 0, "And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning and bread and flesh m the evening."
The ornithology of the liible is u very interesting study. The stork which knoweth tier appointed time, the commun sparrows teaching the lessons ol God's providence, the ostriches of the desert by cureless incubation illustrating the recklessness of parents who do not take enough pains with their children; the eagle symbolizing solitude; the bat, a flake of the darauess,, the (light hawk, the ussitrage, the cuckoo, the lapwiug, the osprey, by the comma ud of God in .Leviticus, flung out of the world's bill of fare.
1 would like to have been with
an adjoi it in g passage

9.	As it is written*. Here follows el cumulation nf Tsaim 112, 9. He hath dis|jersed. As seed Is Mattered abroad without anxiety as to where the frais* will fall. His righteousness remain* tb forever. Goodness proved by beneficence, genuine goodness of dharacter and conduct, is eternal.
10.	He hath ministered seed to the eower. A very beautiful intimation, that the source of all our goodness to otters in God's goodness every blessing we have is a seed which God plaints, the proper harvest of which is to lie deeds done for the benefit of others. Minister bread for your food. The Revised Version, by inserting the word "shall," changes this from a prayer in btiholf of the Corinthians to a
¦
aowTii.	_
the money' which God gives you to bestow ofn others. The fruits of your righteousness goodness.
11.	Being enriched in everything t(i
Wealth is bestowed.
, for you have years. Then a
Audubon us he went through the woods, with gun and pencil, bringing down and sketching the low is oil heaven, his unfolded portfolio thrilling all Christendom. What wonderful creatures of God the birds urel Some of them this morning, like the songs of heaven let loose, bursting through the gates of heaven. Consider their feathers, which are clothing and con-vertebrae of the neck, lb ethree eye-vertebrae of the neck, the three eyelids to each eye, the third eyelid bn extra curtain for graduating tue light of the sun Some of scavengers and some of them orchestra 1 hank God for quail's whistle, and lark’s carou, and the twitter ' ol the wren, called by the ancients the king of birds, because when the fowls of ueaveu went into a contest as to who should fly the highest, and the eagle swung nearest tue sun, a wren
the bac* of the eagle, alter the never l_ I	I
-X1¦ïïs.'ûî a ,£.r5i*»»i;
higher, and so was called by the an for ycAK aad h ls the means for wools the king of birds. Consider those sending it. He has not only the cargo,
ut ^ ‘™ve “°idebu aud
ureau abuwiug tuern lo be leather irn-	^ raven-s reaching from His gate
perials. And listen to the humming to yours, until the food bird's serenade in the ear ol the fining down the uky from teak to beak
boueysueaie. .book at the bolted king- “ Notice‘agaun'Tn this story of the text fisher, striking like a dart from sky thut tjle raVfOs did not allow Elijah, to water, listen to the voice of the to hoard up a su nil us. They did not
a........ ..... «..k- «j* '"CM;
And behold the condor among the morning to last until the next morning.
Andes, battling with lue reindeer. 1 They came twice a day and brought
*»... i.-	-« —-a-s, 2r£t';E.T~.7,.lY.r1b"
aviary is the best altar irom which, to jg we wallt a surplus;, we want the worship God.	ravens to bring enough for fifty ye
jz: atsaas r.r s-H-SSa;
of the world. The grain crop had You say; "All that is very poetic, but
something to eat. *Vhy dld iiti ,luL food there is in the house, do not sit go to the neighbors# ihere were no doWQ ftn<1 cry and 8ay don't know
neighbors; it was a wilderness Why where the next meal is to come from.’1 did he not pick some ol the berries f Alx)Ut 5 or ti o'clock in the morning There were none If there nad been v.	up and you will sed two black
they would have been dried up £>eai- tg on ^he sky and you will hear the ad one morning at the mouth ol tnv f^pp^g of wings, and instead of Edgar jave, the prophet sees a llock ol biros A i>0e'd insane raven alighting on the approaching. On, ii they were uniy ^.^mher door, "only his and nothing partridges,-or U lie only nad an arrow more you will find Elijah's two rav-wiib wuicn to bring them down* But or two ravens of the Lord, the one las they come nearer, he finds tnat Ringing bread and the other bring-tbey are not comesuhle, but unclean, ^g meat-plumed butcher and baker.
eme.1 mmm
si’s head, and then they come on llut y^tory tells us that in 1555 in (England taring wing and pause on the level^ol	was a reat brought. The crops
his lips, and one of tue ravens bungs fa£jed but in. Essex, om the rocks, in bread and another brings meat, and a piace where they had neither sown after they have discharged their tmy f cuitured a great crop of peas cargo, they wheel past and others cornu rew untU they filled a hundred mea-untii after awhile the propnet has #urea ainA there were blossoming vines enough and these black servants ol enoUg^ promising as much more, the wilderness table are gone. tor jjut why gQ 80 farf g can give you months, and some say a w hole year, a family incident. Some generations morning and evening, a breakfast and ;*ck there was a great drought in Con-supper bell sounded as these ravens necticuc. New England. Thu water disrang out on the air their " cruck, ^pgared from the hills, and the farm-cruok” Guess w here they got the @rs living on the hills drove their cattle food from. The old rabbins say they down toward the valleys, and had them got it from the kitchen of King 8UppUed *t the wells and the fountains
Ahab. Others say that the ravens of the neighbors. But these after a ens !	..	.	. .
not their food from pious Obadiah, who wb,i^ began to fail, and the neighbors There is only one question I want to
Mmwmmwm
of living beasts, and therefore cere- in Connecticut—and on their knees l e-monially unclean, or it was carrion fore God, they cried fur water, and Hue and would have been unfit for the family story is, that there was weep-	A DUKE'S SNUFF BOXES.
„®3t “’.t "Zt ST .S ft! “£ ti,*S8H	Th. ..«« u.-.E,«.od u, lb. 10.1
translated " ravens'* in my text lack of water and that the herds and ( Duke of Wellington, now in the pos-
gggsg&% mi	1 sEsezt
inï " Anything but admit the Bible to where he had been scores of times with- t£)e uttaj gift bestowed upon men of
8HMPI8MI
ES3S25rïe31	i- EEvHF
who tamrht them which way to f&r- phet with the most unexpected and 80,N wno Laog	who told thim with seemingly impossible conveyance.
wmwÊm

us ; t hat
It was a
promise. Multiply your seed Your seed for sowing, tihat is,
these birds
The reward ai your
or readiness, by beginning a year before this to contrulsite, and the liberality of the Macedonian churches had been set in motion by their prompti-
tudflHHHlHIHH!
the
all bountiful net*» not for luxury nor display, but by its mean» to do good to other». W hioty cause Lh through us thanksgiving to God. Brings# about by our means thiink.sgi.vLng from those who are benefited. The money brought into the hand of 'Pitue in Corinth will cause praises to God to sound forth, in leru-* Salem.

fore Hi in
Nevertheless for the time being their plans were shelved, and little or no money had been sent to Paul. 1 boost of you. "I am in the habit of boasting concerning you.' of Macedonia among whom Paul waa now staying. Titus had just returned to him with news that the earlyf zeal of the Corinthians had begun to fail
the ali ange
The chattering
ou
To them
"To Macedonians."
A GREAT MYSTERY.
What He mine ol Ihe (at and ilUesce dm
Ike loa«t of Kerf ?
Ac ha i a was
would le
This is a story of what happened less than a year ago in a sulburb of a great city and in this city itself. A family living in the suburb owned a beloved cat, and the cat died been freezing weather, and there was no easy way of buryiing poor puss ; yet, .so dear was her memory, that neither master nor mistress was willing to deposit that once-loved form in the ashlar ref to be "dumped" by an unsympathetic soul thought, Mr. B. came to a solution of
the difficulty.
"Do her up on a package," said he, "and PU carry her to town
the railroad bridge
Bath I-ecu pre-Achaia, in
ready a year ago party I for a year past." popular phraseology, included all southern Greece ; Macedonia lay to the north of it. The apostle's boast had been truth-| fully made; their conduct at the outsat had led him to believe that they
were ready to send off the money as soon as authorized persons came to collect it. Your zeal hath provoked very Your enthusiasm has stirred up
It had
ou
ers

many that of others.
3. Sent the brethren. Whom we sup-to lie Titus, Luke and Erastus.
should lie in r glorying made void."
ears.
asii-
Fi nally. after some

en
poms
Lemt
__t our boasting of you
vain in this_ behalf. "C

about you in this reepect IwHBHi There had been a stormy time in Corinth. serious divisions among the brethren ; and it is difficult to make a liberal collection for any benevolence during a church quarrel. Paul knew that these argumentative men were good though they were faulty. He had boasted of their many excellent qualities, but '* in this respect "—concerning their benevolence to the poor of Jerusalem —he was a little afraid after this confidence might prove to iw unwarranted. Ye may be ready. Have the money collected on time.
4 Lest haply, lest by any means. If they of Macedonia come with me. and J you unprepared. Paul was about to start for Corinth from Macedonia. It was probable that certain Macedonian Christian friends would accompany
m^ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊtÊKÊÊitÊÊlÊÊÊÊK/llKfÊÊ
Corinthian collection not yet taken ; such a discovery would reflect on l*>th the Corinthian church and on Paul We Hhat we say not. ye.) A stroke
tact ! He shame in sue

When
sion
My friend, you hive a right to argue from precedent that God is going to take care of you. Has he not done it two or three times every day ( That is most marvelous. 1 look back and wonder that God has given me food three times a day regularly all my lifetime, never missing but once, and then 1 was lost in the mountains, but that very morning and that very night I met the
ravens.	,	, ^	_
Oh, the Lord is so good that I wish all Ilia people would trust Him with the two lives—the life you are now living, and that which every tick of the watch and every stroke of the clock inform you is approaching. Bread for your immortal souls comes to-day. Seel They alight on the platform. They alight on the backs of all the pews. They sw ing among the arches. Havens 1 Havens 1 Blessed are they that hunger after righteousness, for they shall lie filled." To all the sinning, and the sorrowing, and the tempted, deliverance comes this hour. Look down and you see nothing but your spiritual deformities. Look back and you see nothing but wasted
¦#¦¦¦ eye forward,
looking for
we are going over I'll open, the window and drop her overboard into the water."
Mrs. B. thought this an excellent idea ; but she improved upon the suggestion of meredy "doing up” a bundle. She sewed poor pussy neatly in a winding-sheet of fine white doth, and then made her into a brown paper parcel; and when morning came, with a fei? tears and many injunctions, she delivered her over to Mr. B
Now it happened, that morning, that Mr. B. met an, old acquaintance on bis way to town, and that they both became absorbed in reminiscence.
consequence was that the brown paper parcel remained untroubled in Mr. B a
not until be rose to
fi
ni
itual death
It. would never do to find the
4Th»
i #
tap; and & w leave the car that he remembered it.
For a moment be was aghast. Then he considered what a compact, innocent little parcel it was, and took cour-
empba-h a
of exquisite
ow
contingency, and merely touches on the disgrace which the failure would bring upon themselves. Should he ashamed. Wisely does Dr. F. W. Robertson advise. "Always appeal to the highest motives ; appeal w hether they be there or no. for you make them where you do not find them.
Arnold at Rugby declared that he believed what every boy affirmed and showed by his conduct that he thoroughly trusted nil his scholars, attempts at deceiving him forthwith
opportunity. Cast your and you have a fearful H J judgment and indignation, which shall devour the adversary. Rut look up, and you behold the whipped shoulders of interceding Christ, and the face of a pardoning God. and the irradiation of an opening heaven. I hear the whir of their wings. Do you not feel the rush of air on your cheek ? Ravens ! Rav-
age.	— - ,
"Never mind I" he said to himself. "I'll drop her when* I go home."
He carried the parcel faithfully down town, and Into hua office. There he deposited it ou an unused desk.
"Jim," be said to the boy.ej die La very important. Ir to-night, remind me to take it away with me,"
The clay went on with its usual routine of callers and ones Lions, and when night came he did not need to be reminded of puas. There lay the package, and be took i$t u.p hurriedly and ran for the train.
The day, It happened, had marked t he crisis of a great financial situation, and Mr. B. read Ilia evening paper all the way home with an almorbing interest. When he reached, hie# own door he was carrying a brawn paper parcel, and hie wife saw it on# ibe instant.
"Henry," sib* called, "w hat's that I' He looked at It helplessly, and his face was dyed by a wave of recoil tion.
"It's—it's the cat," he said, guiltily. "It's poor Mew."
¦‘Well." inquired Mrs. B.. "what are ... going to do?' You can't keep carry-M	HUH tf*-ri.ng 1 y. Not ing her hack und. forth every day !"
by merely making sm-ilT gifts, for, as "No/' said he, gloomily. "I can't. We Jesus declared concerning the Widow’s might as well yield and put her into mite, some of the smallest gifts are the ash-barrel.'"
iin the eyes of God the greatest ; but "Very well," said Mrs. B. "And I'll by giving little, in proportion to ability, unwrap lier so that the man can Sow et h bountifully. The margin of what he's got. Beside, I’d like one the Revised Version turns the more last look at her, poor lit*le pet!" phrase literally into English. " sow- Next morning, before it was time for eth with blessings." God’s measure of the ashman to oome, she carefully and hountlfulneas is not the quantity of reverently removed the brown paper the gift, but the spirit of the giver, wrapping, and she found within—4 very Shall reap. The harvest will be of symmetrical roast of beef, many sorts—secular advantage, a de- W hose was it ?	ibis no one
lightful consciousness of aiding the known, cause of Christ, an everlasting re-
7. As he purpoeeth in hia heart. No good deed is ever done that is not the outflow either of one’s "disposition or one’s conscious decision Giving be-the appeal is importunate.
•IX
an
When
that l*in-1 forget it
ceased."
5.	I thought it necessary to exhort thk> brethren. "To entreat them." That they would go before you. He had urged Titus and his comrades to hasten so as to call the attention of the Corinthians to this duty in time. Make up beforehand your bounty. "Make up beforehand your aforepro-mised bounty." As a matter of bounty, and not as of covetousness Aa a voluntary spontaneous hriWirence, not
as an assessment, grudgingly paid.
6.	But this I say. Here Paul lays
down a great principle, hinted at in other places. Gal. 6. 7; 1 Cor. 9. |1; James, 3, 18; Prw. 22. 8. Our thoughts are seeds of which each shall grow to the harvest.	h
we
PRECIPITATE HASTE
HUB IDEA OF IT
Light out down there? yelled the old gentleman from the top of the stairs The young man below did not patch rieinglnflection, and lit without taking hat or stick.
Mrs. ©aikers—How do you think • bathing suit ought to be fitted.
Mr Snickers—I think a surf-fit would be appropriate.
or
oa




###PAGE###4###
known that their declarations are Inspired by selfish interests, their influence on in vestons is yet considerable, said in them was seconded in communications to the London daily press, signed I by firms of etending and repute ^1 tending to destroy public confidence in the I ^	¦
scheme the contractors were promoting. Kfl.1 Ag In view of such a state of affaire it is
The fiquity.
What was
Red Cap Binder
Twine.
Increase of
'SHAWV1LLE, SEPT. 2,1897.
QUITS IN COUNCIL.
New
New
New
#0#
vis, the government patronage. Aim». ^ despite all he has had to encounter, it 1>C©11 fillI) (tpj)l OClfttl ll.
those present.our reporter noticed Messrs, will still be hoped that hie efforts will be
Meredith, crowned with success, for success means
Montreal Gazette.
O
Machine Oil. Castor Oil. Paris Green. Harvest Mitts.
IV
Seasonable
Seasonable
Seasonable
Goods.
Goods.
Goods.
We anticipate a still brisker trade during balance of year, and have fully prepared for it
with
Stephen Smith, Bristol ; E Quyon ; Nicholas Morrisoy,Onslow ; John Armstrong, Thos. Prendergast,Clarendon;
E. T. Martin, Thorne ; Dr. Uaboury,
C. Turpsin, D. R. Barry, N W. J. O’Meara, A. Merleau, Bryson
much to Canada
Be&uhtmoU Election Protest.
McCuaig,
Beauharnois, Quc.t August 27—His |	¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦	Honor Judge Belanger rendered judg-
JHS R. Horner, Shawville ; Michael ment this morning in the contested elec-
rrc | SESSaSSHS
jr., and D. Gillies, the local niembi i weu ant*§ a,.swer jn iHW with costs distraits to not in attendance, the former having j Mr. Elliott, attorney of the defendant, gone to Ottawa by train in the morning, Mr. Bergeron. The hearing upon the
L,	..	""	.
The meeting of course was of a private	_	_	Special V&U16S 111
22L ‘i: zZu sss&ï&bSe ss ***** »»d	1 ^for Ml ond ™ter ‘rade;
to both government., who., miaaim. | Tom „...... y < * m n bu rn •. He.	»d Nerve comfortable wearers.	I Buyers are invited to 'call and
St'“d^X“ÎTlr! 15‘ S.rEH5i2"H I Mantle and Cape Cloths,- Note „ur prices lor odd lines look over our fine range of wirepulkr, »h. «..id., th.r isast ÏÙ “A i~. KS.ÏE newest colorings m heavy amt SUMMER GOODS:	Dress Materials, and season-
have a right to it, and al.o to demand the | when ht began u.logthe pill»."	| light WBlglltS.	1 01	LUsUr.IV WDDQ
diantiaaal of certain, if not all, of the |	-	I Thfl celebrated D. & A. Cor- 15 patterns of White Lace, 1 cent per yd
county officials, whoae reapective poeitiuna I The aaaaiein of Senor Canovaa, Prime I 1 1BU	w	. | nieilt
although creditably and honorably filled,	Minister of Spain, ,*id the penally of hi.	sets—a Complete range. We	fi pattern, of White Lace, 2 cent, per yd. me .
have become a great source of envy to	cmue 0,1 Friday lhe 201,1 ultl	make a specialty of keeping	15 pltterns 0f White Lace, 3 cents per yd. I
certain individual., who feel the time is The Dominion Government have made fuH gtock of large sizes ill
enjoymen t^aud*hixu riance of The a^iU of aue^msdé^" ***" ***	" I	(am0nS V01SetS>	I Children. Fancy Straw Hat., regular 25
office. In thi. connection, it w. report-	^ ^ __f ,he French Presidont,	M.	A lucky purchase of Berlin	to 35 cent., reduced to 15 cent..
ed to be in contemplation to demand tin	paur0j tQ Russia, has resulted in	the	WOOl \ îlFUS (CillCCt II OUI Lytl -	jj0y8» Straw Hate, all reduced to 10 cents,
resignation of Mr. Gillies, if he did not formation of an alliance between France lnany\ only VC. p©F d0Z. sheitlS. accede to the wishes of the parties who | and Russia.	J
are engaged in such strenuous efforts to
benefit themselves.	IHHI _ MB I
If true, this would seem to be rather a I of the Holy Sepulchre. The investiture
r-f I ™ c,ï^ .2 »iï” Er£sz
disaffected parties were only, after all, a| of the Qrder jn Ottawa, very small factor in securing Mr. Gillies election
An Immense Range ^ of Fall & Winter Goods,,
Fruit Jars.
ladies’
Gem Jars.
We are daily receiving new
able novelties in every depart-
o:
J. H. SHAW.
The Pope has invested mayor Bingham of Ottawa with the eneigua uf the Order
E. HODCIMS & SONS.
G. F. HODGIN S.
The Hamilton Spectator calls theatten-
i tion °f g°°d John Charlton to the deplor-prompted to entertain any request to re-	fnCt that his respected leader, Hon.
sign his seat, we fancy it would have to J. Israel Tarte, arrived at Kincaidine on
come from a body of men representative the Sabbath day (August 15) in a tug, in i	^
„...	...a ...	! BARGAINS
elements who were concerned in nis|on Monday morning. Our cotem. rc-	I Clotilfifl tilt llV6
election, but not iu response to the de-1 epect fully suggests to Mr. Charlton the	¦ wgm	JissaiA	*
mande or the threats, even, of a small advisability of amending the Sabbath Ob	1 U limi W UiS* men dû
üawM-u. «I.
the aavancement of their own matenal | public avocation» on the Sabbath day.
If the local member was
TH
Dead Men don’t buy
PONTIAC
WOOLLEN
and they know where to go to get them. Consequently our ever increasing trade—the result of satisfactory and up-to date work. All we want is your order ; we then guarantee a perfect fit.
conditions.
prof. I Special V alu es in
Parlour & Bedroom Sets,
Sideboards, Tables,Sofas.
Bedsteads, Washstands,
Chair, Wire Mattresses, I See CUP Specials :
A report from Toronto says
JU Ml HIH M J Coleman, of the Mining Bureau, has coin It is announced that the preferential pleted an analysis of the latest specimens
clauses of the tariff have been made appli- of anthracite brought from Algoma. g,*,. Cm .nolh.r b.tcb o,«un;
tries having moat favored nation pr»> they were anthracite of good commercial visions in their trade treaties with Great value. They now proveto be fine carbon,
It was plain from the first, as which, however, is practically non combustible and, therefore, valueless as fuel. The new find is akin to graphite, which although a carbon substance, cannot be have to be taken, and things would have I burned. The hopes of coal fields in Al-
been simplified had it been taken at first, goiua are, therefore, at a low ebb The Laurier Government, however,	----------... _____-
MILLS
Britain
pointed out by the Conservative lead-in Parliament, that this course would
Have commenced operations for
the present season.
TRAFALGAR SERGES,
blue with colored list.
WORSTED COATINGS
we are to the front in this line.
etc., etc.
was
ere
San $ $ ïy dialing lire.
thought It best to come down from its position by degrees. First Belgium and Germany were recognized as entitled to the same tariff treatment as Great Brit-
Cook’s Cotton Root Compound
Is the only safe, reliable monthly medicine on which ladies can depend In the jgy *\hour and time of need,
’ V Is prepared in two degrees of strength.
for ordinary
JAS. KoABTHTJR,
SHAWVILLE.
C. FRAME
Then, by another circular, like privileges were extended to the products of France. Now some score of nations
am

CARDING
Fashionable Tailor, Shawville.
No.
cases
aided to the list ; and about all the | is by far the best dollar medicine known
zrz	. I	|*°d "
and the United States. The cabinet of | Three Dollars ; two boxes, Five Dollars
No. i, or No. 2, mailed on receipt ol price and two 3 cent stamps.
The Cook Company,
Windsor, Ontario.
are
AND
SPINNING
Satisfactorily Executed
as usual.
lawyers has shown itself strong neither in law nor in business.
SHAWVILLE
The Old Stand still “ in it.”
Hair Dressing Parlor.
The Fut Line.
____	Jgar- Sold In Shawville at Dr. Knox’s Drug
_	_ .	.	.	I Store and everywhere iu Canada by all re-
Re ports from Groat Britain again as-1 sponsible druggists, sert that Messrs. Petersen, Tait & Co. have not succeeded in securing the capital necessary to carry out the contract for the fast Atlantic steamship service.
Similar reports were sent out over a month ago, and attracted some attention.
How far they are justified it will require time to show, the contractors pursuing the usually wise course of keeping their own counsel. While it is trusted they	M ¦	¦
will succeed in a venture that promised BILIOUSNESS
much for this country, it has to be said
that they met many difficulties they	CONST PAT ON
could hardly have foreseen. Barely was j	, m .	....
the ink dry on the agreement they sign	SICK HF wDACHE	BlacksiUlthing
ed when they were assailed by a swarm I	OUI
i»^* ; T=~ I ..... liver troubles h«™-SIio™8 #	1 1.1......«. j. H.dgm,
pames with which they have been asao A S a laxative,one pill acts perfectly, Repairing. . .	w ould respectfully intimate to the ladiea
ciated were attacked. Their qualifies	if a stronger action is	Shawville and surrounding oountrv
tions for managing such a scheme were , • « ratuartjr ^.w^t i* nrodured	executed promptly and at prices that they are prepared to execute all ord.
questioned. The class of vessels they j desired a cathartic CWCîWproOu ici	that wUl compare with any in the er. for Dree, and Mantle Making with
had undertaken to construct was con I two PülSe ln. oostmate cases,	trade. ^	neatness and dispatch, at reasonable
demned. There was given, in fact, every where a purgative is necessary ,_thrce	^	|	| prices, and according to the latest styles
indication of an interested and mercen- pills will be found sufficient. These	—	|	obtainable.
ary movement to destroy the project be- pills leave no unpleasant after effect
fore it warn possible to show any practical One pill taken each night during
*££ Jlr.Z I »ir-, A wiU - cOM.ip.tion.
!y hired for such work, and while it ie
MAIN ST., . - SHAWVILLE

laxa-liver
PILLSj
F For the very liberal patronage that has th?helraKofthesisti^projnîetor!The subscrl™ A #
I fczrtrs. Mürr	An To6186
press my most sincere thanks, and at the hie predecessors.	j afriplr zx-F
same time wish to assure my numerous I	----- I O U WJX. VI
customers, that I am still prepared to cater to their wants, in ihe most satisfactory manner.
JOHN SMITH.
CURB .
V
TWEEDS
Dress and Mantle Making.
to select from
See them.
. *
A. HODOHNS
Proprietor.
3
J. LESTER.
A CALL SOLICITED.
Shop over G. F. Hodgin* store Shawville, August 16, ’97.
Shawville, May 26th
Shawville, August 23rd, 97
on • roe et.ee
FWICI













###PAGE###5###






> -...



Xocnl mû Central
Mr. J. K. Dolan and Thoe. B. Richard-? son of Portage du Fort, are taking in the » Toronto exhibition this week.
Coats I Mr. W. J. Connelly, of Rockliffe, Kip. pewa, was through this section of country last week in quest of cattle. He suc»
«. .m b. tiïiï sfS? r.
deye*	Tuesday morning.
Shawville
######## G. SW ATM AN,
LIVERY.
Ladies' and Gents1 Waterproof just added to stock. G. F. Ho
Miss Annie McRae left for Toronto on
Wedneada for some •
Miss Amy Burroughs was the recipient .I _ plendid banjo last Monday evening, a presented by her father.
Practical
Jeweller
#
#
IN H
•If
Commercial
O
Has opened s shop in the premises formerly occupied by D. McKil-lop, Pickanock St., where • he has •
? select stock of Watches, Clock:, Jewellery, etc., etc.
Printing.
First class horses and rigs at popular prices.
Special attention paid to the commercial trade.
When the partridge season commences
ons of our citizens at least will have no
occasion to invest in s shooting iron.
e has demonstrated that an ordinary of more cures than any other remedy on the pebble in hie hand is as accurate a wea. face of the earth. For sale by O’Meara A
of A •
It WM
Dr. Allen's " Pearly Pebbles*' have a record
a
We make a specialty of printing commercial stationery, such
as — —
Note Heads. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Envelopes, etc:
pon of destruction as one of Oreenor'a celebrated shot guns. I
thanksgiving bird has disap-tween Mr. H. I peered from hie soouetomed haunts. Yea,
Meanwhile a very
Lowest
Prices.
n the construe- handsome
Mr. A. N. Wilson gte of the sidewalk Lang's and the railway track on Wednea-1 verily, he etrutteth no more along the day morning.	boulevards of Court atreet 1
lx
McArthur & ïooot
REPAIRING
Special attention paid to repairing Jewellery and Watches.
It is reported that the lead mines on Blaze in Rknebew—Mr. W. N. Chat a Island, near Galette, will shortly Roberta’ large aaih and door factory, be opened up again, after being closed valued at $4,000, together with a large •bout ten yeaee	________________ quantity of stock, estimated at *1,000
DuBMMAK-.Nu.-Miaa T. Taylor deairee *nrth. w‘* destroyed by fire on Thura-to announce that she has opened a dreaa- ^*7 e,e“ln8 '»*!• The factory is a total making shop in Mr. 8. Young’s residence, ruln «nd » great deal of the lumber which
Shaw ville. Boys luita also made to order, ««rounded it is burned or partly destroyed. .There was only an insurance of The contract for the construction of the $1,800 on the factory and machinery, last ten miles of the Ottawa and New The tire has thrown about 20 hands out York railway was awarded to Mr Me 0f employment.
Naughton, of Ottawa, on Tuesday last.	______________
Mr. William Lothian, of Ttryaon, is
making preparations for building. He	.*
has a crib of timber at McLean’, mill t
which is to be sawn into material for the Went. He write*: "I wi*h t<> way that Dr.
Fowler's Extract of Wild Strawberry ha* E ¦ '	been to roe a wonderful, soothing, and ef-
Some of our daily papers have an item
to the effect that a cablegram from posures of my missionary work In Algoma. London «y. that Lady McB'm.ldof ^ .Major old ^ouoglo ta" U in
eoon marry a dean of the ten comes without warning.
BUSKIN, Missionary. j u
Toronto, Ont.

If you are In need of anything In our line we would be pleased to get your order. We can please you.
r
iaWILQx
Fruits and Confectionery.
A nice assortment of the above kept on hand.
•HAWVILLE, Q.
George Swatman.
Shawville, Sept. 1, 1897.
#
Proof for the People.
now
BABY WAS CURED.
Dear Sirs. -I can highly recom-nfend Dr Fowler’s Extract of Wild Strawberry. It cured my baby of diarrhoea after all other mean» failed, so I give it great praise. It la excellent for all bowel complaints.
MRS. CHAS. BOTT. Harlow, Ont
Co. of Pontiac Agricultural Soc., No. 1,
will hold its
purpose.
8
Ernecliffe w English Church.
The apple crop in Pontiac this year is decidedly poor. Our reporter heard a farmer remark the other day, that where
he had a hundred bushels fast year, hel Harvest Thanksgiving and Missionary hasn't a pailful this season.	services will be held next week in the
Mrs. Richard Edey, an old and highly P*™h of	“ fo“?wl ! w .
respected resident of Onslow passed sway	®	8 Church, Tuesday,
away on Friday, August 13th. "Her re- gfP*- 7th, at 10 30, a.m. Addresses by mains were interred at Norway Bay cero- V®n Archdeacon Naylor, Revs. J. L.
eteryon the following Sunday.	Flanagan and A. B. (.roulx.
Hammond s school house, same even-The Ladies’ Home Journal for Septem ing, at 7-30 o'clock, her is to hand. As usual it is overflowing | ' North with newsy and instructive literature, i a. m. ^ while its illustrations are a notable feat- Addresses at both places by $. It is published by the Curtis Pub. clergymen mentioned above.
., Philadelphia. One dollar per year. The offertories will be devoted
GEO.
ANNUAL- -
THE HEAD MASTER
Gentlemen,—I have found great satisfaction in the use of Dr. Fowler's Extract of Wild Strawberry, and con-T aider it invaluable in all cases of 5* diarrhoea and summer complaint. T It is a pleasure to me to recommend T it to the public.
X R B. MASTERTON. Principal
High School, River Charlo, N.B.j
++++++++++++++++++++
i
Quyon.
EXHIBITION
S
ON
Wednesday, September 15th, ’97, ®
Onslow West, Sept 8th, st 10
l j. mm
last two
A T
ure
Co
to MisAt the exhibition, in paityears oon.id- «I0" (und- PfinLted envelope, are being ereble trouble baa beencau.ed the judge, circulated, and the offering, as u.ual may by the oonfuaed way in which the irticle. P.Uced •herein and put oe plate at any to be exhibited in the Ladies' and Fancy servloe UP to the n,lddll) of December. Work Departments have been displayed.
Before the judging could go on it was necessary to sort over the whole display and place the different articles in their re*
•pective position.. Thi. it will be seen Mlii Lillie Willia, of Amprior, former-necessitated the loss of a lot of valuable, jy 0f this place, is at present on a visit to time. This year the directors areendeav- friendg thie immunity, oring to do away with it. They are hav- Mies Maggie Sturgeon, of Ottawa, has ing plaçants printed with the name of each returned home on a abort viet. separate class thereon, and these will be Mrs. Thus. Macfarlane, of this vicinity, placed in their respective divisions, and jg present on a visit to relatives in will designate to exhibitors whore they Carleton Place. We hope the trip will must place their exhibits. In this way it eerve to recruit the esteemed lady's is expected that the judges will he able to health, and trust that she will return complete their labors in a much shorter ghortly with renewed vigor, time than it has heretofore taken, thereby Two of our young	|
enabling the directors to open the doom Manitoba on last waek of the hall at an earlier hour.
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
O
W. A. Fylbh, Incumbent.
House & Sign Painter, Glider, Glazier, Decorator.
Riverside Notes.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS!
o
-:o
o:-
Special Prizes Mated by members of the Board of Directors :
Men’s Bicycle Race, one mile, $3.00, 2.00, 1.00. Ladies Bicycle Race, half mile, $2.50, 1.60, 1.00. Boy’s Bicycle Race, (under 15 y r*.), one mile, $2.00, 1.00. Men’s Foot Race, one mile. $2.50, 1.60. Boy’s Foot Race, (under 15 yrs.), half mile, $2.00, 1.00. Entry I Single tandem Team, $3.00, 2 00, 1.C0.
Special Prizes donated by the following gentlemen :
Dr. Lyon, for best Lady Rider, $2.50, 1.50, 1.00. J. A. McGuire, for Roadster Mare or Gelding, $5.00. D. M. McLean, for beat Carriage Horse, harnessed in carriage, silver medal. J. H. Shaw, for the best team and wagon load of farm produce, comprising an assortment of grain, roots, and fruit, $3.00, 2.00. Three competitors (who must be residents of the county) required in each case.
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDEDTO.
ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
O
fee in all the above, 5 p.c. of purse.
RST-CLASS WORKMANSBIP^AND SAT-
men set sail for a excursion train, viz., Alex Sturgeon and Peter Thompson.
Reports state that they both received
Saturday eve., and commenced her duties oh Monday morning. The m odel department opened on Wednesday morning, with Miss McCuaig, B. A., of Montreal, as principal. We trust the labors of the respective teachers maybe crowned with success.
Mr. and Mrs. A. McGill, of Ottawa,
who have been camping .t “Lake View I Refreshments served all day in the Dining Hall.
have returned home this week.	I	J	°
A good band will furnish music during the day.
Fares on regular trains at Reduced Rates.
isrACiiON guarantied.
0
eminent. We wish them every success, ur elementary teacher arrived last
The Wonder of the Age.
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
Dear Sirs,-I must honestly say that I have tried your valuable medic ne B B.B. for the disease called prairie Itch, and have found the remedy be the wonder of the age. I took only three bottles and to my great satisfaction was completely cured. I can highly recommend It to all who suffer from any skin disease or Impurity of the blood.	HA HOLD DIX,
Rat Portage, Ont.
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
•:o
o:-
Over $1,400 offered in Prizes.
Wheeled
Now for Goal Oil.
We have indications of coal oil in	. . ,,	.	..	,
saw sap
BUM PW5
* EF?
ssssis-str^
a fact which, while indicating his g—* faith in the proposed undortak also that there is no humbug about it.
The funds that it will be necessary to raiae here (by subscription, stock otherwise) will be solely to cover the cost of boring, including the lumber and
materials to construct a derrick, and the. M ReQ clmtre> 0nt on uth Angult Mr board of the operatives while at work, in | am| Mrs John Connelly, a son. all about; $1600 or $1700. The plan
to subscribe the amount
- - Rigs.
O
Best value and lowest prices in town at the old stand
Admission Adults, 2Sots.; Children, lOcts.
IB
For prize lists and other information apply to
JOHN BECKETT, SR
E. GRAHAM,
¦»
Secretary-T reasurer,
Elmside, Que.
Main St, Shawville, Q.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
McCredie & Hodgins, - - Proprietors.
Drop in and get our price before making your spring purchases. It will pay.

ing, shows
o
BORN.
nr, At Cascades, Que., on August 25th, to Mr and Mrs. Ernest 8. Wilson a daughter.
A ll kinds of Planing and Matching executed.
Mwa * w * * * #: m -e w * » * »
<v.
Sashes, Doors,
| Mouldings, Blinds, etc., etc.,
BO YEARS' EXPERIENCE.
At Bryson, on Wedn#«H.iay, the 25ih nit., to Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Walsh a sou.
1
»

m
proposed jWHPBWBWWWWWBW
in shares of $10 each, thus admitting
every one who has a disposition to do so, to invest something in the enterprise, which is one that mauy think should i•*
Hobbs has called a meeting tor this purchased by them from James Drummond
(Wednesday) ev-nlng 1st, at 7 o’clock	wffi
p. m., in Hodgins Hall, to which the ^ offered for sale there. Anyone desirous
g=oi%a. astkhS I
may be placed before them and the ad visa bility of undertaking the scheme fully considered.
manufactured.
WHT TRADE MARKS.
DISIONS,
COPYRIGHTS Ae.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain, free, whether an invention is probably patentable Communications strictly
FOR SALE.
Building Contracts taken and Estimates Furnished.

O
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN,
PROVENDER FOR SALE.
LUMBER ALWAYS ON HAND.
JOHN KKLLKHER, See'y, Farm.
R. G. Hodgins.
rs* Club.
Robt. McCredie.
MUNN a co
Dun raven P. O.
••
Tv- ?

« '















#












###PAGE###6###
SWEPT OVER THE FALLS
SJuSSSSTfgÏÏSÏiSïEKS |FOUR CHILDREN DROWNED
"riuf Vrvuch Uvreroouent » nviking | TERR1BLg TRAGEDY AT TORONTO
U» United States for &
Ums terms of
1R8$). has resigned on account of Ill-health.
The suggestion is regarded favourably to create the Duke of York rrinve of Ireland, and to make that title a overture* to permanent one for the eldest son of the ! reciprocity treaty under Crime of Wales.	the Dingiey Tariff A«t.	¦
Scotland Yard, is keeping a strict There is great	^1*2!I n* i re-
Etï 3	to
is to 1» am active continental Anar, hist nee,lay will le re|iettle,i	.	.
!&r“ ,:",un" " ..............	. sto'aia'Sflssas% Nürrtu *	^ %
thousand men at Uhe service of Prince I, ^ on,y |ale|y	hedged. The o clock beversl people in the upi»r.
city received permission from the Gov- or south, end of Cedar Island, shout » eminent some three or four years ago mile above the Horse-shoe tails no tic-
to make this cut in connection with ed three men struggling tor dear me
reclamation to pull towards the Canadian shore,
schema.	hut swiftly and surely the strong cur
s»	k.v dis- I On Friday last a roughly-constructed rent gradually swept them towards the
aulhontitw ha^e ^ | fjuat twelve feet long and six in width cascades above the Falla.
placed at this point to I» used as When they were first noticed they
It was drawn back were about 200 yards from shore, and i of chains attached looked as though- they might possibly
the best the strong current. Two of then
THE HORRIBLE FATE OF THREE MEN
IN A BOAT.
ON SUNDAY.
the very latent from all the
WORLD OVER.
They Were Allrnipilng le I'feee the *lver Above I be tall* — Terrible Straggle *• M<-a« h the l uaadlan shore Wit sensed by Several People-Their Uomi I p»e4 Is ICH|ll«U.
Twenty I hlldren « Klfhely t rail Were TrerlpIlNleil Info the Water hy I’rowd-litl to Ose Side — Heroic Hencse by several loon* Hen mod Hoy».
Interesting Items About Our Own Country.
t Britain, the United State#, and
-Mo-
ü
All Parts of the Globe, Coo de used and
Assorted lor Easy Reeding
CANADA.
Dr. Peiraon him been appointed Medical Health Officer in Brantford.
additional letter boxes
to
Erskine.
The Queen n'Oompsnied by Prin Beatrice will proceed to Balmoral this week, where she will take up tier projet t of providing pensions for widows who are seventy-five years of age ami
upwards.
Captain Bate has presented to the Duke of York a handsome volume o: Canadian jubilee stamps, on behalf of the Poet-Off im Department of t an Ada. The Duke ia an ardent philatelist, "
J----1 V?----1#---sail
girt.
.seventeen w ill tie erected in Hamilton.
Work on another new bridge at Nia Falla will l*t begun immediately
Ferai fetmd.
Michael Angiolillo. the Senor Csnovaa de Castillo, was cute<t in prison at San Sebastian <>
Friday morning. He showed no a gn | the
of fear, and refused the ministration
of the prient.
The Mexican
covered an Italian Anarch tat. ju&t arrived with the intention of - * '
Mftsamating President Dias. He ts
, ib .
The whide diplomatic liody in Const an- clumsy ferries which were universally faced each other, pulling on the sam»
t Utopie ha* protested to the Sultan uged on rivera before the recent days oars, while the third had a piece ol an
against his bestowal of tha Order or bridges.	oar and seemed to be making good
the |^,,le who live on the breakwaUr. |	epUUng the un(urtunale men la-
to the rushing current, and their boat
to the surface with the end
e<s
assassin of
gara
Jt has been decided to allow hoteIs in Guelph to sell liquor till H o clock at night.
There was a white frost in ^ mm peg We<lnesdav night, but no damage was done to the
Ash bridge's	bay
i crops.
At Port lkilhvusi* a bonus of $6.h00 to tlie Toronto Rubber Shoe Company wue carried on a popular vote.
Mr. H. F. Uolleriminn of Brantford says there will lie a partial failure o the honey crop this year.
The date of the autumn military camp at Kingston has l>een changed from September 14th to September
Mr. Fred. C. Wade of Winnipeg been appointed Registrar and C lerk ol the Supreme Court for the Yukon district.
Kx-Mayor Drennan has been appointed City * Clerk of Kingston, after a deadlock in the Council lasting several
•* e Ottawa city takers have raised the price of bread ooe cent a li»ai. s° that tiie four-pound lottf now costs eleven cents.
Mrs George Hudson — dren were burned to death m a lire thill destroyed the family residence at Rapid City.
Mil bel l’ieroe of 11 rock ville will pro-tiabiy lose t he sight of on*1 eye as the result of an accident with a pair ol heated curling tongs.
Mr Robert Meighen. President of the Like of the Woods Milling Company, estimates the wheat yield of Manitoba at 22.000.000 bushels.
Mr. W. Haie, of Hamilton aku 1 was 1 ractured, spine injured and shoulder dislocated in a bicycle arci-<lem a couple of months ago, is recov-
was
a common ferry
___	___________ ______ and
expressed himself as delighted w ith the
The firm stand taken by the Marquis of Salisbury in refusing Turkey to retain Thessaly until t he Greek indemnity is paid is emmrrasa-ing the powers They are anxious on the one baud, for a settlement of the question, and, on the other they < not relish the idea of yielding to t<>e dictation of Great Britain.
UNITED STATES.
Pig iron ib as been raised at Vie v el an from 9.95 to g9.60 per ton.
Secretary Sherman him sent a message of condolence to Spain.
A Spaniard named Hoderigo gathered gold dust worth $9.000 In two weeks in Plunaa county, Cai.
The Michigan Car Company, of Detroit, has received an order from C. P. It, for 500 freight cars.
The King of Sivuu aays the United States cannot be seen properly in less than six months, and he hopes to visit that country in 1899.
Scats on the New York Stock Exchange are now quoted at twenty thousand dollars, and those who think o selling are holding for an advance.
Hail fell and drifted to the depth of three feet near Pueblo. Chi, on V> eit-nesday. Property of the Denver «• itio Grande Railway was badly damaged.
It is reported from San Diego, Cal.» that the British flag may be hoisted over Clipper ton Island, although it is supposed to belong to Mexico.
It is reported in New York that ^ the business of the Steinway Piano Company, New York, has been suit! to an English syndicate lor six million dollars.
7th
has
ROYAL VISIT TO IRELAND
i I used this craft since Friday __	I was no doubt whatever about its con-
DUKE AND DUCHESS OF YORK'S venipm-e, but scores of men who •»« RECEPTION IN DUBLIN.	|“	^iT^psiie and
soon came
stove in.
The three men
on
disappeared in the rapids, but in a few momenta were
again seen struggling in the water attempting to tiwim, but were
SWEPT OVER THE FALLS, like chips of wood in a few minutes
¦¦¦I ashore a few yardi
____	some occasion
The Clljr in Gain Alllre- The Populate ] drow n its passengers.
At a quarter to five o’clock on Sunday afternoon the fatality occurred.
Wll«l mill Lxrlleutrnl - The ttoyal l oupe the GuenU of Kart
the
and four chil-
The
A despatch from Du him says Duke and Duoheas of York arrived Lnj Kingstown from Holyhead at 9 o'clock
The weather
THEIR LAST GAME
It was a charming afternoon, and I heir obat came many children had crowd to the above the Falls, where it was ntcurei breakwater, which is a parklike spot. Several people witnessed the at rug with many trees and much shrubbery; gling men, but were unable to ren ei harbour were brilliantly decorated tor ^ pleaaAnt a playground for children them any assistance the occasion. The guardship Melainpus vhere ^ in lhia vicinity. It is prob- I The three men "
fired a Royal salute as the	al)le thut lhe chUdren whose lives were I falls were strangers who were .jamp
of Kingstown township boarded the their last opportunity to play at the carried a sail, and was being used &i
ess
establishment	of	a	Royal residence	in	a fear in order to recross.	Besides the	f led Uie men iu their meagre idea of
The Duke	of	York	replied	victims there were about fifteen other	^ { of the river and cascades. Con-
HHBHHHHV 6 °HO\V IT (X'CURRED.	I p"rk	raUway!"noU^d th«
All went well until they reached mid- I lx>ftt in full sail in the river on his trip channel. The children were laughing, to Chippewa, about three-quarters ol ami some of the small boys were play- an ^our Iwfore the accident. On nil fully rocking the frail	conveyance,	return trip be reached the scene in
This was, likely enough,	the prime	time to see the boat cspsUe, and the
canes of the accident. Onlookers state men*8 struggles in the river that the motion of the scow grew Mr i,Auzau, 0f Cbippftwa rather violent, and the water washed fooStmAn and an atta ne of the park, up on the flooring. This terrified the gaxv men in their predicament trv-youug girls, and they crowded to the jng to reach the shore with their sails starboard side. , Instantly the (err? down, and yelled to them what to do. cajMtized, and a chorus of screams rent «j^gy aeemed to notice what he said, the air.	I and'turned the nose of the boat over
the first cascade and rode it all right. The stout man of the three, who wore full whiskers jumped out of the l»oat at this point and attempted to swim ashore. He made
A GALLANT EFFORT.
and at one time was not over 30 feet from shore, when a large swell threw
i£ îïato'îMrteAî:
two clung to the l>oat, one of them • mere boy. The other man was redhaired, and the boat, went broadside over the second cas ade, striking on her side, leaving a big hole in her half stern, throwing the men into the rapids. They both struggled hard when coming to the top, but without ami.
Their names are Frank Weber, of Buffalo; Warren Bush of Chicago; and Chas Glassner, of Chicago. Bush and Glasener were employes of the United States Express Company, of Chicago, and were on a vacation Weber leaves a widow and two chil-
bodies, ïïft will be recovered.
ou Wednesday morning
glorious, and all the ships in the
was
that went over thi
w hose
er.ng.
\V,niii|>eg civic estimates for the cur-re ui year amount to |522.8U2, and m order to keep tlwl tax rate down a nu.ut>er of civic officials have been dismissed.
The Midland Town Council has passed a resolution urging the Ontario Government to make a law that timl>er
Crown lands shall 1» inanu-favtured in I he Provins.
Mr. G. C. Cunningham has resigned the management of the Montreal Street Railway to take char go of the Birmingham Tramway Conqvany, and Mr. r. L W ankiyu of Toronto will tnuweed
him.
Ireland
that he and the Duchess looked forward to becoming better acquainted with the people and the beautiful of Ireland. On disembarking,
Schlatter, who is known as the di- scenery vine healer, has married Mrs. Merger- ^ Duke end Duchess of York were
sas\ïx*s-sïss *.-««-»-7«-;t
much opposed to the match.	ing loudly end. continuously Queer-
The operators of the Pittsburg dis- ed by the vast crowd assembled trict coal mines have decided to cheering, which was mingled with the obtain Pinkerton detectives to pro- looming 0( cannon, was followed by the
.	_ -	“.W w.	U.	AnUwnà.
The coroner's jury in the Orr imir- ab|e>	during which the whole throng uncov-	RESCUE.
| Hlf ggHI ÉBS5HI üiliSÜ
####!#### ISSÜ
y	I ---‘"•v"01	ss s&s?.:
probably fatally injured while dnv- railways	aeinbled, while the Duchess was kept turned in their places and saw the float
ing over a railway crossing near Nap- Canada’s proposition for carrying bu*y acknowledging the warm greet-	overturned and	the children struggling
their rig being struck toy s the mails one round trip a month De-	with which the royal visitors	jn	the muddy	water.	Instantly, and
tween Dawson City and Dyea, in the were received.	with g&aps oi astonishment, they lia k-
ire Johnston, the Dominion Klondike district, was lormally Accept- Almost immediately after the Duke Government statistician, has compiled ed by acting Postmaster-General Shel- And Duchess	had	crossed	College
figures which show the rapid rate at lenberger, on behalf of the United green, a	heavy	rain fell, thus	marring
which the great lakes are lasing deplet- States.	the remainder of the procession. The
ed of fish. The annual catch by Canada Secretary Sherman has replied to Duke and Duchess were received at and the United States is seventy thou- Japan's note regarding the annexa- the castle by Earl Cadogaa, the Lord sand tons.	lion of Hawaii. Mr. Sherman mam- Lieutenant of Ireland, and by Ooun-
It La probable that the new Govern- tains the right of the United States to teas Cadogan, as a Royal salute was me lit telegraph line to the Klondyke annex the island, but he guarantees fired by a battery of artillery station-will be constructed entirely through that the rights of Japan will be safe- in Phoenix park, after which the Canadian territory. In this case the guarded The tone ol the reply is very Earl and Countess, with the staff of length of the line will be fifteen bun- friendly.	ibe Lord Lieutenant, joined the prothousand dollar».	“ Tuesday, fought bia way with a guard of honor waa furnished by the
gsMtessi MMmm
smma
factory was levelled to the ground. .. point to a still farther advance.
Mr. Rebbs’ limekilns were badly dam- p - Au round show an upward ten-aged and bia barn burned. Buildings	^ dry goods, clothing, boots
- -Ks'StirKd'toto'is	“•	"
cut upon
old
an
The
who are well known in
anee,
train
ed their lx*&t away from the shore, and made all haste to the rescue. They were almost immediately on the spot, and dived at once from their craft.
TOO LATE.
Rut although they were quick they arrived i
Mr. Geor
NORTHWEST CROPS.
Rut although tney were quics tney arrived too late to render aid to four promising lives. Four bright-eyed and merry Pearled little ones had ceased their struggling and sunk to the boggy bottom. Four homes in the East-end are filled with the withering sorrow and heartburnings that follow such s disaster, and it will 1m long Vefore the wells of salt and bitter tears, which have been set running by Sunday's fatality are dry.
Bell mete the Wheat Wield at 14,
healer*
ass ess »«»hri*.
A despatch from Winnipeg says:—
Hem. C. J. Mickle has returned to
the city from a abort visit to (nis home
at Birtle. He states that harvesting
üi general along the M. & N. W..ar'
hborhood of Birtle 75
r f
in the neig
__ of the wheat has been cut . Cutting wheat on the high lands Svasmtm-X-RAY SLOT MACHINE.	menced on August 5th. He does not
Everything eome» to the penny.Ln- UaOk that	arnM.
the-slot machine, sooner or later. The “J"* opinion that the crop through latest thing to be supplied to the public “ t the Province will be lighter. Ht
Vidal, has patented a machine for sup- ~ that the total wheat yield foi plying pennyworths of this scientific vf^«itoba and the Northwest Terri-light. It is a small box, to which an	will	not be over 24.UOO.OOO bush
appartus looking like an ordinary cam-	dlhey	say there is considerable
is attached, the camera being on the webbed wheat this year, more by a era is attached, the camera being on top	*	% deal than is generally	Lbought
of the box, which is the storage place	®	j	âL ^ oaiy ihuse persons	w ho have
electricity. When the penny is driven through the country who are put into the slot the connection is form- i «i^ible to speak on such & question ed. and in the space which is left be- I \be estimated yield, tween the camera and the box, the hid-	p w, Thompson, Manager of
den substance to be investigated can be	^gilvie Milling Company	here, indistinctly seen. Thus, s purse placed	.	^ a reporter that be had cabled
in this space showed the coma, and the . b,a	in Australia to raise the
hands and arms revealed their bones Drioe <rf their flour there #5 per ton just as toi the ordinary way.	Vjr Thompson said that there g
Utile old wheat coming yet. but not much. New wheat would probably be on the market in about two weeks' time. It will be practically impossible The women of Finland are rapidly j to tell what Manitoba wheat will giade
becoming self-supporting. Mrree thou»- . fo^°™ A^ Hastings, and have entered upon business careers, ylce-President of the
seas. sto as?	stir jSYS^sr&Sî &$s
200 women completing their studies at flour trade is constantly increasing.
IB######
ssar^srttK i&zrz. H’txstuâSKsyrsit
large and flourishing clubs.	srs coaid expect goo«l priori
cent
The reports of business in the United States, Indicate in amine directions at least a
3
ELECTRIC POWER IN AFRICA At tent i
was recently called to the
proposed use of the cataracts of the
Niile for the generation of electric
power. At a meeting of the Institution of Civil Engineers in London a short time ago, Pro Lessor For I «s reported that he had been consulted about another similar enterprise in the 'Mark continent." This was a proposition to Emperor William will attend the Will>iuy ttoe Victoria Falla of the Zam-Auatrian military manoeuvres, and will beai River in supplying electric power spend three days in September in Totis. ^ g^Âd-mitKes in Mu ta teleland and
Emperor William has proposed a new the Transvaal. Be thought the scene nlan of concerted action on the part of was not so chimerical as it had at first the Continential powers against Anar- appeared to him. lnl bus opinion the chists	distance over which power might m
kïîsïl- zsïiïBUsjï?M*
tier oi India, and the supreesion of the rising is assured.
| The tardiness of the Prussian and it has recently been ascertained that Saxony Governments in affording re- ttw body of Martin Luther, contrary lief to the sufferers from the floods is . general belief, was never removed causing great dissatisfaction.	fram the palace church at Wittenberg,
Queen Wilhelmina of Holland flatly where it seven or eight feet below rrfu-.'s to marry Prince Bernard of the floor of the nave, in » coffin of wood xe-Weimar. whom her mother select- bned with tin. Close by is the coffin of Md as the young Queen’s husband.	Luther's friend and associate, Melun-
The Porte is alarmed at the state of chthoa.
era
Di
were broken
/
GENERAL.
Signor Costa, Italy's Minister of Justice, is dead at Rome.
It is asserted In Vienna that the C zar declines to receive Prince Ferdinand because of the quarrel with Austria.
for
GREAT BRITAIN.
A dozen cabs driven by electricity have been placed on the streets of Lon-
don
The prospect of settling the g engineering dispute in England pears to be as remote as ever.
The British Board of Trade report abows a considerable falling off in the number of bankruptcies last year.
The sou of the late Sir John Millais the former president of the Royal Academy. will shortly publish the life of his
father.
Sir Louis Davies, addressing the London Chamber of Commerce, uttered a warning against the indiscriminate rush to the Klondike gold fields.
The crowd of sight-seers at Marien-bad so press abattit the Prince of Wales whenever he appears on the street as to came hie Royal Highness extreme nbyence.
Capt. Kane, who won high praise for bringing B M. 6. Ctfliope out of gbaioa barber during a hurricane in
real
ap-
was a
WOMEN OF FINLAND
of Montreal, Lake of the

MARTIN LUTHERS BODY
V
ID-

V


t t





###PAGE###7###
IT WAS A BIRTHDAY PA RTT
A little girl who live» in received an invitation to a party a friend warn about to give, ways CM Pitta burg ''Chronicle-Telvgraskb.' Invitation bad been written by ainail hcstess. After surveying
tie not deceived. A Coutfh. tioarae-1 {*>•* w!th ,lelW* for a *eW mlDU
“a	&5Æ ur.£t£oL Kit - . liirtW
“J " T£? -us esre .
Yea; it must be a birthday part. If begin». Your presents is desired.
A CORRECT SIMILE.
Walker—The Milky Way always reminds me of an amateur theatrical company.
Rialto—Why f
Walker—Because it is all stars.
ENGLISH ROTHSCHILD.
TWENTY YEARS
LUMBAGO.
TET KOOTENAY COKE CM'ljOMtS.
Suffered from Infancy.
Crultom
Interfiling Slory ei the IIrad ef the Fa*
an» Fnm'lf.
The
the
THE WAND OP MERCY WAVED OVER MRS. THOS. GREEN.
The greatest financial genius ci the
have
OF
the
Rothschild family, though they been many of great talent, was Nathan
Mayer, of the second generation, who i jt j#i a j(<4f tbn» to look	k
established the house of N. M. Rot ha- twenty years of life, hut when thdimile child &. Co., in 17uti, in Iwoudon Hjelflew , posta lm.ve been nuirki*l by Ulie ini-ns I to Uhe stars and groveled ill the Jiuiil and ax'.lies of lAi'iiwbago, it rend»* re the for niueiry. lie welcomed ail uonssci- retrospect far from being a pleasant
Utfus, big ur in tie, wherewith to turn one	^
the banker’» penny. He v\a*i the most Such, was the oxperi**Ko of daring simulator of his tune on the lames Muir, Night baggage Manier Stock Exchange and the moat success- G.T.R., resuloiQBH 243 tunc nil « I a treat ful. lie had corrier-pigouus ami last-1 Hamilton, Ont.
•ailing boats to bring biiu the earliest j He made a sworn declaration to the news from the war centers of Europe, j effect that for over 20 years he /was and so help him to manipulate stocks afflicted with Lumbago, and at times He followed Wellington's army to Wa- was no severely afflicted he could (not ter loo in person and had relays of the walk.	...	*
swiftest horses and a fast yacht ly-l tor about ten years he could not iug in the harbor at Usiend. ek) he stand straight for a longer period than arrived at the London Stock Exchange about fifteen minutes, when lie would after the battle, 12 hours ahead tof any be compelled to stoop forward in or-public announcement of the victory, der to relieve himself. He took nine made £r>,U(MU»<M by one of the most tre- Wtls# of Kootenay Oure and they udou* series of spec ulations in his- biive cured him to stay cured. He tory. In 1810, when the Duke of IWel- j saysc—
lingtun, then commanding in Spain, •	' told Mr. Ryckrmun if 1 Ml no
drew cm the English Government for Pams for one year after taking his £3,000.000. and the	English	Treasury	medicine,	that I would give him a	ten-
short. Nathan	bought	the drafts	tunonial,	and as the time expires	this
at a big discount and at once sent the week I come to him without eolicita-money. The stories about this remark-! turn to give this sworn declaration. I able man are ai mi at	en 11 was.	and tihow	consider	Kootenay (Tire one of
haw strangely be was alike equal ,io	greatest	and best remedies for	l*yk
the iiucit tremendous sc hemes and the | °r kidney troubles ever used by jnnn-pettiest tricks of avarice.	kunct, and wish my caw tof *rcome |ren-
erally known, as I doctored with five different medical men. and was told they could do nothing for me."
Chart book. free on a*)pIh ation to the S. 8. Rye lie m an Medical Co., Limited, Hamilton, Ont.
From Her tTMIdlioed »hf UnHerrd from Heart Trouble»- Honor» Wald Nothing ('«¦Id He El .u r for Her, and that Her Heatk st Any Homes! Would Not tie
over
prime Tarai.
GETTING IN LINE
From tbs lie raid. Stratford
What dot* Hi j 1er mean by riding around every day in an ioe wagon? .He's in training for the new gold re-
Mr
"Of the making of hooks there is no end," it has been said, and the same daim might be set up in IT expect pf the making of testimonials in tavor of Dr. Williams' Vink Vills. Wonderful as are some of the a ( a te w on La l'ul>-lished in the newspapers as to the cures effected In all parts of country, fresh evidence proves half has not yet been told. iWere it hut for a false sense of delicacy which a great many people «no 1er tain in regard to such urn tiers the column» of the press wtsilii lie literally teeming with grateful acknowiedgimsit* of Iwnefit derived from and permanent cures effected by the use of Dr. iW 111 lams' Vink Pills for Pale People. It w quite within the mark to say that there is no other medicine offered the public that can at all compare with Dr. Williams’ Vink Pills, and there ia not a corner in this wide Dominion Mn which their virtues have not been proved. A oure which recently came to the knowledge of a representative of the Herald is deserving of being widely known. It w an instance of heart trouble that baffled the skill of a number of physician*, Home of whom I «mi Lively refused to treat the patient on the ground that it was no use. The BUbjeot of ihe affliction referred to is the wife of a highly respected and weil-to-do farmer ,n the township of Logan, near the village of Dublin. Mr. and Mn* Thus. Green are firm believers in the efficacy of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and for very good reasons. Mrs. Green had suffered everything death from a weak heart, the trouble having afflicted her since early child hood. On
been so low that it was not thought possible for her to recover. Hier greatest trouble often arose from exhaustion or a sudden start, and at such times her heart seemed to cease its throbbing and the breathing was fitful jmd labored. Doctor's medicine seemed to have no effect whatever. She was advised by one physician that all that could be clone was to keep her strength up, and it was with a view to strengthening her system, and with no hope that her heart would be benefit ted, that she began the use of Dr. Williams' Fink Pills. She had not been taking them long, however, where there was an unmistakable relief from the trouble that had made her whole life miserable. During the past summer she has used Vink Fills freely, and bis enjoyed better health than for many years before, and hue been able not only to do her household work, bu/t also many1 erf the out door cfoorw that fall to thb lot of a farmer’s wife Ihe different physicians who have treated her have frequently told her husband that they would not be surprised to hear of her death at any moment, tut she is to-day a strong woman, enjoying health than she has done f
He ia the best accountant who can cast up correctly tihe sum of ibi* owtf errors.—Nevins.
g ton
If.PC. ***
ADAMS’ (Tl NO ER BEER
MOM'S.
Adams’ Extract FIoIhH manne Yeast Sauer
Cream of Tartar Lukewarm Water
the
• One bottle. One half to one cake.
Tw i pound*. - One half ounce. ___________ I • Two gallons.
OImsoIvh the water, cream of tartar and yeast In i he water, nd.l t he extract and bottle; place n a warm place for twenty-four hour* until It ferment*, then place on ioe. when It will open Hparkllnu. c«k>I and delirium*. The ginger beer can he obtained in all drug and grocery stores In 10 cent bottles to make two gallons.
DOCTORS RECOMMEND
“SALADA
the
•Hit

Ceylon Tea
II HI Tbs Leading Canadian College II. yl 1 for Young Women. Address i
“	---- Warner, SL Themae, Sat
i
A THYiNG HOUR.
Don't you think that Miss Frizzly is a i**rfe<*t poem ?
Blank verse. I should say. I put in an hour trying to talk to her
w
M	T2S»
8 feet tant, Toronto. Money to Loan.
O. O. Mills. KA.-
the
Karl’s Clover Root Tea Is a pleasant laxative. Regulates the bowels, purifies the blood. Clears the complexion. Easy to make and pleasant to take. 25 cents. Sold by all druggists,
HE DIDN'T MIND.
Aekins—One of the drawbacks of married life comes when your wife asks you to mind the baby ; eh I old man?
Kidder—Oh I I don’t mind It much.
"Quickheal” cured a deep suppurating wound on the stifle joint of my nuire, caused by a abaft running into her. Dr. Couture, V. 8., used this re-toedy after all other things failed, and in two days she was so improved as to be out of danger.
It is really grand stuff.
Signed,	XVm. McXimoot.
XV. McLunomt & Sont Wholesale Dry Goods Merchants.
Quebec.
TRINITY COLLEGE SCHOOL,
PORT HOPES. ONT
HIGH-TONED BURGLAR
A Boarding School for Boys, founded In 18tiX Bpacioun and handsome new buildings ru» nnhed with all modern appliances for the comfort and health of the pupils. Next term# begins on Wednesday. Kept. 15th. For a copy
of the calendar, etc., apply to t he ________
f. DR. BXTflt
He Dressed laulllessly and Lived In Hump
There bava been burglars In evening dress before, cm the stage, for instance, but the Paris police say there was never one with such a distinguished air or aristocratie residence. lie had Dukes and Duchesses for next-door neighbors.
A gentleman living in that district caught the burglar ransacking bis rooms. lie was dressed in the most correct evening clothes, and had an air of distinction. The gentleman notified the police.
They saw the burglar walk unconcernedly downstairs and carefully examine the floral decoration as he hummed an air from an opera. When he was arrested he gave an unpronouncable Slavonic name, and his address in the Avenue des Champs Ely-
SURGEON AND JOCKEY
Hev
NK.
Head Master.
Frederick Archer, England’s famous
jockey, was evidently a wit at one
time. It is told, says an exchange,
that he went to a famous surgical
specialist to be treated for badly smashed toes, injured by an ill-tempered horse. The surgeon examined the injury, which he pronounced to be of a grave character, and one necessitating a long period of complete reel. "How long must l lie# up?" asked Archer—the interview, it should he elated, took plaoe early in April.
"Three months’ rest, with careful treatment and proper diet, would be sufficient." "Hut what about the Derby?"
The Derby?
1 must be there,"
said the surgeon, soothingly, "take great care yurself
if you make satisfactory progress you I	"7	.	.	~
SFLSpktï
read the name upon the patient’s card, mflsmed condition of the mncoue lining of the but it had meant to him nothing more Kustsahlan Tube. When this tube get* in-
me “rude Tr^ArJeT/' %«,d, when SSlSSfSSS bis guest had explained his identity and msl|0n CID ^ taken out and this tube restored vocation, "but 1 take no interest in to Its normal oondi ion. hearing will be de-any branch of sport, and l had never etrojed forever; nine canes ont.of ¦“J
h„W you won’tVh'mk either, but till a friend advised xne L 8fl0f Deafness (caused by catarrh) that canto consult you, I had never heard your i0t b« cured by Hail's Catarrh Cure. Send for
rsa tawMLtt?	Tà aw1	*—> «
the Fred Archer of the surgu.al prefer h°^Ue’t'°ni'^tli .iwthebert. slon ’"	___
but
WwpEmfji
ro*
venU occasions she has
ALBERT COLLECE, Belleville, Ont
OPEN TO BOTH RKXU*.
2 0 students enrolled. Special facilitiesin Matriculation. Teachtrs’Courses Made. Fine Art*, Business Courses, etc. Will re-open Tuesday, Sept. 7th. Illustrated circular fr
AddrehS Principal Im
RESEMBLANCE.
The cow is much like woman—
You cannot judge her by her looks; Tlie one that seems the mildest Is the one that often hooks.
asked the patient, peated the surgeon said Archer, "1 absolutely "Well, well
re-
Wood a Vmdicxi nc.p \\ i si- •_>
l£ I I 1()N| M NC»X°
% h IO AIM l MPI S’ w. iOROSiO
Deafness Cannot be Cured
Thither went some of his captors, and found that he lived in an expensive bachelor’s flat, or celebate’s snuggery, beautifully furnished.
A search was made there,
brought to Light a remarkable assortment of burglar's tools, as well usf a list of persons whose apartments could easily be entered and plundered. It has been ascertained, in fact, that the man is a practised burglar, and that he adopted fashionable attire in order to defy suspicion.
General housebreaking operations lately effected in the Champs Ely and similar districts are now put d< to his credit, and it is probable that his trial will lead to some curious discoveries	'
T ADIK8Î McDowell’* New York Oarroesl JLj Drafting Machine rirai* the re wing row chine In usefulness. It fit* every form, follows every fashion, easy te learn and rapid tone* Don't be without It Write for circular, ft. OORRIQAN, US Venge St, Toronto.
heard your name
ober, "I
DON VALLEY PRESSED BRICK WORKS.
sees
own
better
or years.
Both Mrs. Green and her husband feel grateful for the great ijenefit she has received from the use of Dr Williams* Pink Pills, and spare no words in Rounding their praises to everyone who enquires what has wrought such a wonderful change in Mrs. Green’s health and spirits.
in oases of paralysis, spinal troubles, locomotor a tax erysipelas, scro Ur. Williams’ P
TAYLOR BROTHERS, Pro pa
The Largest Preened Brick Works In Canada, in all color*-Red. Huff. Brown, Ac. Man tel» a specialty. Head Office :—
BOOMING.
How do you find buain __ -kind old lady of the man at the back door with a pail on his arm.
Every thing’s on the jump with me Could I sell you some frog legs i
If Horses Could Talk
f asked the
SUICIDAL DOCTORS.
60 ADELAIDE ST. EAST, TORONTO. CANADA
BOTTLES.
Whal I» Ike Kxplnuatàoii of a Bemnrkabl rarl shewn Ky siallellc* t
sciatica, rheumatism, ulous troubles, etc., Pink Pills are superior to all other treatment* They are also a specific for the troubles which make the live* of so many women a burden, and speedily restore the rich glow of health to pale and sallow cheeks. Men broken down by overwork, worry or excesses, will* find in Pink Pills a certain cure. Sold by all dealers, or sent by mail postpaid	¦¦¦¦
l«oxes for $2.50 by addressing the Dr Williams’ Medicine Co, Brock ville Ont., or (Schenectady, N. Y of imitations and substitutes alleged to be "just as good."
5
what a hum there would be on the streets about the wonderful way in which
Statistics show that the medical profess ixxu is more prone to suicide than other. Dating the last three years
Patent Soda Water Bottles — 9 ox,
Harris has for sale,
William St. Toronto.
DREADFULLY NERVOUS
Gents:—1 was dreadfully nerveus, and for relief took your Karl's Clover Root Tea. It quieted my nerves and strengthened my whole Nervous System. 1 was troubled with Const ipa-Galls and 11ion, Kidney and Bowel trouble. Your
soon cleaned my system so thoroughly that I rapidly regained health
__ __ „ and strength Mrs. s. A. Sweet, Hart-
AOLD EVERYWHERE, Price 5oc par tin. | ford# Conn. Sold by all druggists
Manufactured by The Quickcure Co.,
(Limited).	I	Wadford—“:Did you catch anything
Quickbtal' for Horses and Cattle on your fiabing trip ?" Bilfer—" No,
Su.d^y lhC °UiekCUre C°" (Limi,eU)’ Bu“er. «/ttatrJïïlli **	* I've heard yet.”
any
the manlier of auk-idee occurring among physicianB has been, respectively, forty-
nine, and forty average of nearly one to 2,000; or, as the death rate among the physicians about twenty-five to 1.000. nearly one-fiftieth of all the deaths in the pro-feaion have leen by suicide. It has been suggested that an explanation of this tendency may be found in the deI velopenent of morbid fancies in the mind of a doctor, on account of his constant association with the sick and dy-becauee he has the requisite
Quickheal!
ven per annum, an
Manufacturers
cures Scratches Sores. Every man who owns a 1 T horse should try it.	I
at 50c a box, or six
Coming to Toronto will find flats of any size, with power, heat, elevator, and all conveniences.
Beware
FAMILY
SPANKED FOR T
I lift
Is a new departure in treating all cases of Inflammation, pain or sore- j uae(\ "Quickheal" on "Dexter” renews ; Healing Scratches or Grease heel,	2.29 1-4. tor speedy outs, split
Speedy Cuts, saddle or harness Galls, be+ds, and although I continued to drive Cute. Wounds, and suppurating Sores; bum in the snow and slush last March, curing them in a marvellous manner. (inf, Bingie application healed him, after Prominent Veterinary Surgeons. ^ ^her remedies 1 knew of, failed to Horse Owners and Livery Stable Keep- 0ttr6e
era testify that it cures all the above *ia a. graoad thing for horses, troubles more quickly than any other	Signed, Matt Swift,
preparation known to them, and its	St. Louis St., Quebec,
power over inflammation, is such that
if it is used when symptoms first ap-	BMP	.	..
pear, it prevents in many oases Spav- Sarah Siddons' patchbox and tootn-in, Curb, Ring Bone, Founder, etc., all pick brought in #59 at a recent Lon-of which are ushered in by inflamma- don auction sale, her silver pocket nut-Lktn Price 60c. per tin.	meg grater, #20, and a gold locket
"Quickheal” cures saddle sores, and with a lock of her hair #35.
Li-"’ jrtsssifsis.. stfjiîr^KSisssid6"" -
People never get « doing the Good Samaritan act in the interests of the public, aa the man decided who offered to assist a distracted woman and ameliorate the sufferings of a lot of people cm a suburban car.
The boy who howls was in evidence» the curled darling of hie only own mother and the terror of everybody else, and he had kept the car in • state of wild excitement and exhausted the patience of everybody, including his doting parent.
"Oh, If our father were only here!" ti&e bad said for the fiftieth time, as dhe tried vainly to restrain the howling terror.
At that be stopped howling long enough to beat the air with his small shins, and the woman on the other side of him remarked audibly that a cage was the proper place for savages like
ragement for
'YCW
Truth Building,
73 ADELAIDE ST. WEST.
mg, or
knowledge of how to die painlessly and conveniently.
A medical journal dissents from all these views and holds that the leading factor ia the accessibility of the pois-(Lrugs, which are almost invari-
FOR TWENTY-SEVEN YEARS.
uncus
aUy used. Suicide is largely a matter
DUNNS
BAKING
POWDER
of »*!&*«* impulse. Imagine a man fatigued in body and depressed in spirits —aa the doctor very often is—swayed by an overwhelming conviction of the utter weariness of life to the impulse
If he had to put un his hat
of suicide.	.
woik to the drug store and tax lue ingenuity for a lie with which to explain las desire for poison, he might postpone the fatal act from mere inertia, or he may meet a friend or have his interest in life aroused by one of a multitude of every-day occurrences, or nhysicial exercise may bring him to hia senses. If. however, us is the case with almost every doctor, he has simply to feel in bis pockets, or walk across hia office to get a deadly poison» the impulse may tie carried into execution liefort* anything can happen to supplant it in the brain
THECOOK'SBEST FRIEND
LARGEST 9*LC IN CANADA
THE PRINCE'S KENNELS
. 0f&good house-wife.who u«rs
SAPOLIO. it is well s&idrfhs rmust
is muzzled in her housd'Try if spAsaep
your house cle&n+AH grocers keep it-
Qeanliness and neatness about a house are necessary to insure comfor*. Man likes comfort, and if he can’t find it at home, he wiK seek elsewhere for it. Good housewives know that SAPOLIO makes a >»use clean and keeps it bright Happiness always dwells comfortable home. Do you want cleanliness, comfort am happiness? Try SAPOLIO and you will be surprised at -ou»
success
At bde Sandringham home the Prince take* greet interest in hie kennels, which oompriae about 15 houses, each having its# own yard, and every-group of five its. front grass plot. A paddock where the dogs are allowed to romp m turn, and a hospital for invalids, have also been added. The Pr nee’s kennel-
hàm.

1
9
Baked hie mother,
"Johnny dear won’t you be a good boy T ”
Roars and kicks from Master John-
ny
"Oh, I wish your father were here to
give you a good trouncing this very minute!" she wailed as she struggled with him.	. .
THE SMELL OF RAIN	¦¦	¦¦ ¦ ¦
After a mmm., **rw« you muât ,
__	bave often? noticed that fresh, curious,	of wthicb has been presented to
Then it was that the philanthropist | ^ not unpleasant odor that rises Abe Squire of Sandringham. Two note-
kHEîIÏ sz^jz
from home.	science to Investigate the cause. It expected to draw 150 pounds earth for
"Allow me, madam/ me maid blandly, proves to be produced by a new con> s distance* of 30 miles a day, «without "I am a father myself, and I will be pound never before discovered, of effort. But, tibe-n, the temperature is happy to chastise your cherub in be- ' whjoh in# a pound of soil less than one 50 degree# below aero there half of his absent parent."	bund red#-thousandth of sn ounce
sïMKf5KT& ss	sft&jL y.*s,rs™f-s
boy-hk only father or any other ugly conducting the eigwrlroent.	don. He baa written a complete hie-
J —!" “™’ "	—	m Krirjs.
I Island.
ex-

r# i>i #	*
in a
the fault
BEWARE or IMITATIONS
To be emery Ui to reren^e
ope
Infant with her

###PAGE###8###

Public Notice.
Monday next, the Oth init., will be a statutory holiday, all over the dominion, as it ia “Labor Day
Items of Intexest.
It ia rumored in Montreal that pressure is being brought to bear upon Sir Oliver Mowat, Minister of Justice, to free Valentine Hhortia from hie life sentence in St. Vincent de Paul Penitentiary.
London, August 24.—Sir Donald Smith the Canadian. High Commissioner in London, who was raised to the peerage during the jubilee festivities, has been gazetted as Baron Strathcona and Mount
Central
London House
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
11VBL1C NOTICK ts hereby given that the Clarendon Council will, at ten of the «lock. a. m.. of Tuesday, the seventh day of Sentvmh r, 1SH7, proceed to revise the valuation roll of *ald municipality. All persons Interested »ro requeued %
Shawvllle, 17th Aug.. *V7.	^ -Tress
i

259 Wellington St. And
255, 257, ‘2û7£ &
Ten 111 Annual
EXHIBITION
53,55, 57, 69, & (II Kent St.,

Farm for Sale.
_
OTTAWA.
AT
lil
LOTS v a ml 0 In the 1st con., Township of Clarendon, consisting of 400 acres; also fw Hen s In the 2nd con. Brick and stone dwelling, harn ft ml sheds, horse stable, carriage Shed, granary, ami other outbuildings erect ed thereon. Premises well wooded and wat« ered. Good stand for burning lime. For further particulars apply to the undersigned on the premises, or by letter to Hhawvllle Post Office.
March ‘Jtrd, 1R07
OTTAWA. ONT
M
0
Sept. 17 to 25,1897.
ltoy»l.
The markmanshipof the Turkish troop, in the tight, with the Greek, wae ridicti loui, and that of the Greek* with it. During the first week of the war three million of cartridge, were tired by the Turk, and about the same by the , Greeks, and yet not a thon,and men were ! struck, counting the killed and wounded j on both «idea. Six million of shot, for les, than a thousand hit, ia rather poor
9 .‘to
MEN S PANTS......
MFN’S PANTS......
MEN S PANTS......
MEN’S PANTS......
MEN’S PANTS......
MEN’S PANTS......
MEN’S PANTS......
MEN’S PANTS......
MEN'S PANTS......
MEN’S PANTS......
MEN’S 11LAVK PANTS MEN’S HLAClf PANTS MEN’S BLACD PANTS (best) 2 50
ÿl 50
MEN’S Sl lTS........
MEN’S SPITS.........
MEN’S SPITS.........
MEN'S SPITS.........
MEN'S SPITS.........
MEN’S SPITS.........
MEN'S SPITS.........
MEN'S SPITS.........
MEN’S SPITS (Special)..,. MEN’S SPlTS(Leader).... BLACK WORSTED SPITS
black worsted spits black worsted spits
50
1 75
was on a par
75
1	VO
2	26
2	75
3	25 3 50
ROBERT STOREY

The Jubilee Exhibition of Eastern Ontario.
95
1 25
Marble St Granite Works
1 60
o
1 75

The management are leaving nothing undone to make this year's fair the best on record. The prize list is increased, especially in live Hock, poultry and dairy departments. $14,000 offered, besides a list of specials ; 31 gold medals, silver and bronze medals and special cash prizes. Secure a prize list and refer to pages 3 and 4 thereof. Accommodation for live stock admitted by exhibitors to be the best in
Canada.
Thorne feutre, Que.
-----O----
The undersigned wishes to Inform the public generally that he has opened an a Marble and Granite Works at Thorne Centre. Q., where he will be prepared to execute all orders for Monuments, etc., with despatch at lowest prices. Parties In need of any kind of Monument will do well to Inspect my stock ot Black Hpeekled Granite. Thtsgranlte will ho found second to none lu the market.
RTONK-M tHONRY. - Contracts taken for all kinds of stone masonry under architects plans.
Correspondence Solicited.
2 00
3 75
2 25
4 50
firing.
London, August 24. —Mr. Edwin Corbin, of Chicago has closed a deal Amalgamating the United States and ( anadian Lake Fisheries Companies whereby the control of twenty companies passes into the hands of a British company with AT,000.000 capital. Mr. Corbin sails for the United States next week, accompanied by a staff of British accountants, to talk over the business and initiate the consolidation.
2 50
4 96
2 75
5 00 G 00 7 50
2 00
LANG & KEMP,
Magnificent programme of Special Features (specially selected). Nothing like it ever before attempted by this Association, including the Cinematograph and Delorme's famous painting, “The Blacksmith”, valued at $50,000.

JAMBS RILEY.
DENTISTRY.
%
5K»X z ESE'EKxE
BrysiHi, Thur*ilay% Sept. U»ih.	by the Macintosh of Macintosh, whose
Campbell'$ liait* Friday, Sept. l'th. clan suffered severely in '45. An an tique
cabinet brought $2,000, and an armchair Patnlviv extraction of twth.	I carved from the “rebel tree ’ on which
Having determined to double our at. Pert,ee ab"«* by	°"r'y	the Highlander, hung their kail He the
SS-S : " — —. " - - !
"ïiü: £S£SSS ïrïïsœ
August lit	and urinary difficulty by the use of Doan’s Lexington and Bunker mil .was sold in
8 JOHN KEITH. Principal,	Z? .fwïïï ' London for $1.150.
148«lo4À Bank St., Ottawa, luckv experiment In tils case. He is now a
— I eu red man. feeling Miron;, well and in good , spirits.
•S
i
A
Public Notico.
V «ROB
il
I
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
1 >VBLIC NOTICE In hereby given to mil proprietor* of real estate and resident householders of this municipality tbit the Collection Roll as established by the School Commissioners of this Municipality has been made and completed, and that It now Is and will remain In my possession for Inspection by parties Interested during thirty days from tills notice, during which time It may he amended. Any ratepayer may, during the tat.I delay, complain of such roll, which shall be taken Into consideration and homologated with or without amendment, at the meeting of Commissioners to take place on the Second day of the month of October. 1*07. (Saturday) at the Town Hall In the village of Hits w ville, at the hour often In the morning; tmt such delay expired It shall come Into force, and every person Interested Is obliged to take cognizance thereof If he so desire, and to pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned at his office within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days without further notice
Given at Shawvllle this thirtieth day of the m -nth of August, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.
R. MATHKSON,
Hecret a ry-Treasu rer
O
Evening Entertainments
§


Great historical spectacle “The Taking of the Bastile”, together with Fireworks Display, Military Maneuvering, Fancy Drill Squads, with all the specialty companies taking part





Visit Ottawa's Exhibition this year and be convinced that it is the “ up to date " exhibition of central Canada. The best season of the year to visit the Capital of the Dominion

Another President—Sen or Borda, of the Uruguay Republic—met his death at the hands of an assassin on W ednesday last while emerging from the Cathedral at Montevideo In the rush that fol lowed the terrible deed, several persons killed and a number wounded by The assassin is a young


Arthur Smilev,
Undertaker, Euibnliuer and Funeral Hirer tor SOlilVILLE - - QIC.
o
\
Got New Light.
Reduced Rates as usual on all Railroads and Steamboats,

“Why don't you run a newspaper like thati” a merchant said to a reporter, the I wero
turning to a full page advertisement of dent
a Chicago house showing a twelve story Died From Friuht.—Alexandria,Ont., building.	Aug. 20.—A young man named Joe
* The merchant looked attentively at the Lepage, of this place, was returning home picture for a moment, and said :	“I from a visit Tuesday night when he was
—1* never looked at it that way before.”— assaulted by some unknown boys hiding
Quincy, 111 , Tribune.	| in one of Sanfield s groves. Becoming
alarmed at the stones which were thrown I	at him, Lepage ran away. He had
Dominion Banr. at ITapanOO Robbed. 9Carcely ran twenty yards when he fell
Of $32 000.	down nnd expired on the road.
^ÊÊÊÊÊÊ^ÊÊ luppoeed that fright muttra in hu;irt Napanee, Ont., Aug. 30.—The Dom- I disease. He was 2(> years of age and inion Bank at this place was broken into | leaves a widow, but no family, on Friday night and $32,000. It took
1
-
For all particulars apply to
;

:
HEN’S ! HENS I HEN’S !
f
Wm. Hntcliison.M.P., E. McMahon,
A
o

All orders will ke< eivf. Personal Atten
TIvN AND SATISFACTION GUARANTILI»,

Secretary
President
gy It will pay you to keep the best.
i
V
Telephone No. 3
GOD SAVE THE QUEEN.
WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY etc. etc.
The undersigned offers for sale at reasonable prices a limited number of the following
vareities Rocks, Buff Cochins, Black
Minorcas.
LINDON E HODGINS.
SHAWVILLE.
20th Annual
It is

EXHIBITION
1
Barred Plymouth

Buckingham, Aug. 27.—Mrs. Peter the officials till Sunday night to get into I pra(|y 0{ L’Ange Gardien township,
the safes, the combinations of which the „bose husband died a few years ago. was burglars changed and thus temporarily fnmld dead in bed Wednesday] morning hid the extent of the robbery.	iagt The cause ia attributed to heart
American crooks from the Thousand fl4ilure The funeral which took place at Islands are suspected, but there ia abso- Buckingham yesterday was a very large lutely no clue. Only two persons, both on@ The deceaeed lady was greatly officials, were known to have tne combi.	med by all who had the good fortune
nation of the vault locks.	t0 be acquainted with her.
OF
A complet© stock of the above always on hand at
Agricultural See., No. 2, County of Pontiac.

Main St. - - Shawville.
.1 specialty.

HEI'A
Bull k Aylmer Eleclric By.
I
You are cordially invited to attend the annual exhibition of the above Society, which will be held on Wednesday and Thursday,
Ottawa Market:.
TIME TABLE
Hew World’s Pacing Record.
Reedsville, Mass., August 28.—Star Pointer, the famous pacing horse, broke the world's record for one mile today on this track, pacing an exhibition mile in 1.69$. The tiack was in excellent com dit ion, and Star Pointer made the record
Poaiiac Pacific Junction By.
Leave Aylmer for Hull.
A M.-6 30. 7.30, 8 ID, 0 00, 9.45, 10 30, 11 15. RM.—12 15, 12.45, 1.15, 1.45, 2 15, 2.45, 3 15, 3 45, 4 15, 4.45, 6 15. 5 45, (i 16, (145, 7 15, 7 45, 8.15, 9.10,9 60. 10 30.
'is
6.00, 6 30. C 00, (Î 30, 7 00, 7 90, 8 00, 8.30, 9 10, 0.50, 10 30, 11 15.
The ruling prices on the Ottawa market last Saturday were :
Hay, ton, $10 to $13.
Oats, bushel 28 to 30 cents.
Peas, bushel 55, to GO cents.
Ruck wheat, bushel, 43 to 45 cents. Rutter (pail,) lb., 10 to 18 cents. Potatoes, bag, 40 to 42 cents.
Eggs, (cases) d<»z , 12 to 13 cents Eggs, (newly laid) doz , 14 to 15 cents. Chickens, pair, 40 to 50 cents.
Lamb, lb., 8 to 10 cents.
Mutton, lb., C to 9 cents.
o

Official Time Table :
Train 1 leaves Aylmer 5.46 p m., arrive at Waltham 8 55 p m.
Train 2 leaves Waltham 6 30 am, ar* rive at Aylmer at 9.45 am.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
first quarter post in 30 seconds flat, however, there was intense excitement. The
59 j and the third
Cars run dully. Sundays ln«*ltided. Close quarter in 129. On the stretch the horse
SKJS	seemed to fairly fly and crossed the tape
with Pontine Pacific at Aylmer.	in the wonderful time of 1.69$. He was
Baggage promptly bandit d.	paced by a running horse.
H. It. 8 ENCER,
in the Society’s Grounds at Chapeau, Q.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT.
Shawville Produce Quotations.
20 to 22 to 40 45 00 to 30
Addresses will be delivered by Messrs. W. J. Poupore, M. P., D. Gillies, M.P.P., T. Murray, and several other gentlemen.
JAMES MtLEAN
Managing Director.
Oats..........
Peas..........
____ ________ ____ Buckwheat....
Monday’s Evening Journal says :—Rev. I Rye.............
Father La belle, of Aylmer, before his Eggs.............
sermon at High Mass yesterday morning, Wool..............
made a few remarks- about a new secret | Butter..........
society, the Maccabees, which he believed pork per bbl..
I A use DA/»* I w,t8K°in8 to b* formed in the parish. It Hay per ton..
LArvlL BA vr\f was his duty, he said, to warn his parish Calfskins...........
i j ioners not to join or have anything to do Hides...
LUMBAGO OR | such societies, under pain of excom- peltg. ...
inimication by the church. The church j Ho. s, live v eight, per 100, $4 00 to $4.50 __	9 I ttvUHDSlly condemned all secret societies. Lambs, “	14	2 50 to 2.75
DOWN’S KIDNEY PILLS In spite of the insults Rev. Father La
M	1 belle said he had received from a num
her of members of secret societies and anDO YOl’R HANDS OR FEET SWELL ? | onymous letters sent him from New York IF SO YOU HAVE WEAK KIDNEYS. DOAN S a|Kj otber place8> but which letters he be PILLS WILL STRENGTHEN THEM.	lieved, had their inspiration in Aylmer,
HAVE YOU DROPSY. KIDNEY OR URI- I ho intended to tight the battle to the end,
MARY TROUBLES OF ANY KIND? IF SO, ooe^ what it might. He hoped that this DOAN’S PILLS WILL CURB YOU.	would be sufficient to keep Catholics from
Threatened with Excommunication.
IF YOU HAVE
BRYSON, QUE.,
35
e #
10
.... 17 to 18
.... to 12
14 00 to 16 00
10 00 to 12 00
.....25 to 3c
. 4.00 to 5 00 ... 36 to 40
MANUFACTURER OF
Sawn Lumber, Laths,Shingles, Dressed Lumber, Clapboards, Mouldings, Doors, Sashes,
Blinds, etc.

WEAK BACK,
• •
• • • • •
BACKACHE,
• • • •
A large sum offered in prizes for the best exhibits of Live Stock, Grain, Fruits, Vegetables, Manufactured Articles, Dairy Products and Ladies’ Department.
Admission :—Adults, 25cts.; children under 12 yrs., lOcts.
For further information apply to
• •
•TRADE/MARK
RHEUMATISM
WILL CURE YOU
Tlïô HélIQ ^ÆcLC. Scroll Sawing, Turning, and In “,UW ******	fad all kinds of Builders
Supplies turned out
O
J	( have just received notice , -UHtum flawing, Planing and
SOMETHING WORTH KNOWING.	g 1has Imteci .t Qut Matching done on shortest
%%%%%%%%.'%%	I bee per steamer “Pomeron-
NESS. FORGETFULNESS. COLD CHILLS,	jan ”
NERVOUSNESS, BTC., ARB OFTEN CAUSED BY DISORDERED KIDNEYS.
EVEN IP YOUR nenORY IS DEFECTIVE
Builders Estimates Furnished! on
ApplicatioB.
A. R. McGuire,
“The Tailor.”
Hsrg&ra’s Yellow Oil.
YOU SHOULD ALWAYS REilB/lBER THAT ] The great pain care, need externally cures
- — -1 =&€#### i
quinsy, etc. Price 26c., all druggist».
TERENCE SMITH,
Panel Doors from $1 up. Other material proportionately low.
Secretary,
Chapeau, Q.
fURE
SOLD AT ALL DRUG STORES.
,
*









