###PAGE###1###
T

r‘
7*


No. 14. îiOm Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, SEPT. 18, 1902.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
MlLUMKRr,—Goto Mrn. MoCredle'e »t hlniHlde for Full Millinery.
A choice htock of picture frame mould-IngMat IruiNon'M Studio
>
PERSONAL
I
mf*' McCredle ha* been attending the millinery opening* at Ottawa thl* week.
For enlarging, copying, viewing, picture	n,H0 viH,til|K Mem!»
framing and photo* of the bent plat I no ilniah go to ImlMon'H Photo Studio.
Hesd Office: . Capital paid up
OTTAWA, CANADA.
......... 12,000,000
......... 1.706,000
OF CANADA.
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000 4L"'**|RESERVE FUND,
IVead Office* • Montreal.
Rest
Board of Director» :
Charles Magee, Esq., President. Georoe Hay, esq.,Vice President.
Hoe. Geo. Bryson, Jr|
“• w- ilro. A. Lyon. D. D. O. M
On Saturday lut at Ottawa the Sham- Tm'*	I(hJ«8 a- *’• A
• rock lacrosse team defeated the Capital* „ 'J"™** tivenm«' q ani\ nnn I l,y » «core of four to two, and thus have Li , J ”• 8haw accompanied hit i_. - AfOUUyUUU. captured the championship for the pres- Usu. Lennozfille last Monday, re
ent Reason.	turning on Friday. Mrs, Khaw also ac
¦ta
to Hpcak a single word of English, he was MvSKr*- Robert Hobbs and Harry directed to Mr. R. WoodTey (the only Morrison "tarted for “New Ontario” on Frenchman in town) to act as interpreter	wïier.ü the> intend to begin
for him, during his tour of inspection on	duties on the land taken up
Tuesday,	last Spring, Robert Ima Iwoked several
,	orders for moose horns, including a pair
^ The residence of Mr. R. Woodley, | °f 7-foot spread fur The Equity, f ourt street, was the scene of an early I --	:	~ ¦	---— ¦1 1
and quiet inatrimonHl event on Wednes- these counties have gone to school with day morning last, the contracting parties the renowned author and have signified u % M.p; "^°Ph «««net, merchant, of their intention of making big efforts to
..% ITMra»irss.
‘ ?uP,Uil kn«)t was tied by the Rev. Mr. mg some of the best platform speakers in Rogers, Baptist minister of Starke’s Canada and the United States.
I Corners. The bride, who it may be The convention opens on Tuesday af-stated, is adeservedlypopjdHr young lady, ternoon, Oct. 7th, by an address, “The Advertiser»and correspondante are I	COOK	WANTED.	1 w itnin the circle of h?r intimate acquain* 1 Quiet Hour” by Dr. Clarke, the origi-
rsmlnded that we cannot eeeure the |	$28 offered for a good female cook In a coship, was most becomingly attired nator of the society. In the afternoon
Insertion of matter unless It Is In I Jfft class hotel. Apply at once to Mrs. m a ««it of light grey cloth, with hat to Mayor Cook will read an address of web hand by Monday noon of each week, «’1,h“ Hoeqnail, Pacific Hotel,Fort William, match. After the ceremony, which was come. On Wednesday afternoon a visit
, xv	* rr r	rr » witnessed hy a few friends, a wedding by the delegates will be made to “Cherry
Mrs. D. McRae has returned from the	Wanted,—at,The Equity office a load breakfast was served, and the happy Cottage.” Here the memorial window
gasnssatneu rzLtlX •*.	M Faatarjrea z!::,:'"""
m. D t x* 11	, I . Ill* Maud, aged 2 years ond 9 months,	, *,le Toua(S couple in thee urse uf Kalpli Connor speaks three times. On
T PLmA ^ Fouies, formerly of only child uf Samuel and Ida Anderson, L-eir ¦owy-moon will rant Toronto. Wednesday evening at 8 o’clock in Dom-Lakefiold, Que . has l>een appointed in- Kazubazua.	£ le8”ra' BuHalo and posai Id y New York, inion Church ; at 8.45 on the same oven-
Üfpëis ssgl
l>een undertaken.	I #hip of clarendon, and a gentleman, |	^
generally	esteem 1 iy
who knew him. His funeral took place
HARDWARE I
son
GEORGEBURN 1). M. riNNl*
General Manager .. .. Manager.
Branche* :
IN ONTARIO
Keewatin.
Kempt vi He,
Mattawa,
Ottawa, do
do Bank 8t I I I do Rideau flt. Toronto, do Some raet St, Winchester Vankleek Hill, Smith a Falla
IN MANITOBA :
SI1AWV1LLE BRANCH,
Builders, please remember that we make a Specialty of Hardware. Our stock will be found
very complete in the following lines :
Nails of all kinds Glass, all sizes Hinges
H and C Hooks Door Bells and
General House Furnishing Goods.
Alexandria, Anterior.
Avoftm
Brarebridge,
Lanark.
Parry Hound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, Renfrew
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parte of the world.
ore
Carleton
Cohden Hawkeebary,
Place,
SAVINGS BANK.
Aeooun/.s opened for amounts of one dol lari and upwards and Interest allowed.
Orriez Hour a Saturdays .

Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC;
Hull,
Shawlnigan Falls.
Agents In Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agents In St. Paul-Merchant* Nat Bank: Agents In London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
Montreal,
Lechute
10 A.M.T0 3 P.*
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager,

9
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
9

9

9

The convention will close Friday inj? afc 9 o’clock with Dr. Scofields address.
even
We are also Headquarters for
Last week The Equity was in error in stating that Miss Jennie Crawford had gone to Bedford to attend college. The | on Monday young lady has gone U> Dunham ladies College.
all
CAMPBELLS BAY
THE RENFREW FAIR.
Mlar ail Friday, 2511 ail 2611
Guns, Rifles
Ammunition
and Cutlery.
PRICES ALWAYS RIGHT.
•Sept. 15.—The farmers around here nearly through harvesting and threshing in some places has begun.
; Mrs. Thompson, who has been very ill, ,	.. T, ,,,	, v
is recovering.	v The hi newt I air to Fit the Pi nest
Sam. —SA.:##:###
K:
Mr	U	u	i	• „	r c	•	..1,	,	„ Wilkinson of the same vase for breach of	Mrs. J. A Moorhead went to Ottawa	bility	of	renting	a number	of large tenth
% '	%	!	n	K.,n	nfs	^stalled	h | promise. 1 he lady considered her feel	on W ednesday morning and returned	for f“e bousing of	overflow exhibits.	For
1	mm
addition to the event recorded in another fmfc fcw days, returned home Tuesday, item, we may mention the marriage of	Messrs. Jos. Roy & Son sent otfa gang
On the 2nd,	insfc.	a	party	numbering I Mr. Thomas J. Wdson and Mrs. Wilson,	mcn Tuesday for Mr Fraser.
38 boys and girls arrived at the Knowlton which took place at Portage du Fort in There was quite a stir in our usually I rpi* Q flftTTnim WJ._. A . i Home from Liverpool. The older ones Hie afternoon of that date. Also the (iujet village last Tuesday, the occasion I ¦ VJv V QmillQjlb 6J100v*
were readily placed, and homes are desired union of hearts and hands of Mi. Kobt. r>0*n8 a d uble wedding at the U C. Xf ,	-
for several boys and girls, between the Johnston, of Clarendon, and Miss Jennie Church, when Mr. Frank, son of Mr. LJ» »m *7* of.t^e.^df4or([ Hi fie f Associa ages of 8 and 9 years. The baby girl, Zachariah, of Leslie. The latter event J«hn Klok, was united to Mias Teressa Shoot*of tUïSSZA^UDon°wm^
3 years old, is an attractive child, there tyolc place at the groom’s home, Rev. Mr. * le8ck« and Mr. Joe Uarloch, son of Mr. place on the Association's range on Tues is one girl aged 7 from Scotland, and ^ ickery officiating.	Augustus Uarlock,, to Miss Francesca, I day and Wednesday, October ?th and 8th
rgrr«J*:pLzLjSJï	~|	Puwi«j#*wc*.
Lo'e the Brotherhood.	ing of the above character was held at th!.,>os,t cfeot-	now la and will remain in my possession
^	t
that while cutting some days ago his at- M a bell for the English Church there. Ï, ,^e 01 a 8ané? of moo for the Gillies may during the said delay complain of tention was attracted to some oats that There waa a large attendance, and the Y?* r» •	j such roll, which shall he taken into consi-
were growing amongst the wheat and event passe*! off as it should, in a very Messrs. Desjardins and Sutherland deration and homologated wither without
sssïï irÆ1; trp^jïsFîrsi	.. K„. fs3
and investigate, which he accordingly did. those present, and as it; invariably hap- JJ y1 UüUMon 1 hu reday for Messrs, lugs are usually held, at toe hour of seven I He found that from one root of seed there I)CD8 011 such occasions, Andrew waa :yc,jnren» a°d on Friday there was ano- o’clock in the aftenioon ; but such delay were seven heavily laden stocks, which ve!7 promptly voted to the chair, which l r	at the Otter Lake House in expired it shall come Into force and every
were found to contain when counted the he occupied in his customer?, easy, grace- „harge of Mr D- Lunam for the Gillies {h”°of "f('h'e^so	%n° ™ v'°.T
astonishing number of 1217 grains of ful and juat-athome style. Tbe program^ „	..	,	, anZnt o,b wZyS undl&!st
was a most interesting one, consisting of . , r* * ,l JÎ . !n,th« °» Coulonge road was his office, within the twenty days follow speeches, music, readings, etc., etc. Rev. I („Tn °” 11 r,day.	Ing the said delay of thirty days, without
W e have had lots of rain hero Thurs- further notice.
Given at Shawville, this 10th day of the month of September, in the year 1902.
__________ H. LANG, I
Sec.-Tress.
Radford.—The Harvest Homo, and Thanksgiving service in connection with Holy Trinity Church, will be held on Thursday, the idth. Dinner will bo held Ui the grove adjoining the Church. The service will liegin at 2.30 p . Bonsfiold, of Pembrok
9
Are
Make Your Entries. — Mr. E. Graham, 8ec.-Treat., of A in Shawville on
inst., to take entries for the coming ex hibition.
g. Society No. 1 will be Wednesday, the 24th
up
Mr
The Directors of Ag. Society No. 1 held a meeting on Saturday last to make final arrangement» for the fair which is now scarcely two weeks off.
J. H. SHAW.

P. S.-Our Grocery Stock is very best.

foremost citizens. He established the first drug store in Pembroke.
Radford Rifle Ass’n.


The eyes are
V
wage earners
Anythin# short of perfect vision diminishes
the earning
powers
We perfect your sight.
Our glasses as an investment yield you substantial returns.
9K

V
c
3}
(
f
V»
oats
speeches, music, readings, etc., etc. ltev.
Drs. Alexander and Mock, with Messrs.	Mr. Morrison and Mr. Mount favored the	,	r	.,	.	¦	¦
G. M. Donaldson, Norman Brownlee, and	audience with a short address each, and	day’	* nday	and Saturday
Oapt. J. Stewart all members of the	Mr. Th os. Walsh almost ou tri vailed the I	S
Radford Rifle Associat ion, were interested	original in his rendition of “Baptiste
spectators at Rockliffe Rifle Range ou	Trudeau'' and an equally amusing por-
tiaturday on the occasion	f‘¦MH ¦ ‘
Palma Trophy competition
&
la
ANS CSREWONIE

“THE DRUG STORE9'
A. H. BOX
Optician
SHAWVILLE
C. E. Convention
por-
John
of the trayal of Irish character. Mr
SrSSrs. =s=ri ^	“M““
coveted prize, won last year by the and Cuthbertson contributed to the Canadian team at Seagirt. While at the musical part of the entertainment, by the range Mr. Brownlee and Donaldson had rendering of several choice solos. Grapheme opportunity of securing two Lee- phone selections by Mr. Jones of Brae Met ford rifles from Mr. Alex Martin of side, and popular airs on the violin by Glasgow a celebrated maker of firearms, Mr. William Sylvester, completed the who waa a member of the British team, list At the conclusion of the program These rides ere of special quality, and Mr. Joe. Morris was appointed to auction although almost new, have each establish- off the boxes, a duty he performed most cd s record, which toy marksman might I satisfactorily from a financial utandnnm* feel proud to repeat. W
Public Notice.
or
Province of Quebec Municipality of Shawville.
garry, is coming to speak at the Pro- now made and completed for the current vincial Christian Endeavor Convention year ; that the same 1# deposited in the in Ottawa next month, requests for pro- office ot the undersigned. All parties
=5*	*ro
.	Gordon, whose pen name me, at my office, within the twenty days
is 4 Ralph Connor," is s native of Max- following the date hereof without further well, Ont., not far from Ottawa, and notice.
throughout the counties of Glengarry Given atShawville this 11th day of Sept-and Stormont he and his family are very |cmber’ lWL well known. Many of the residents in
man might satisfactorily from a financial standpoint. • m*y reasonably The receipts from this source, however, aspect to hear of some record smashing were unavailable; at the door the amount scores at our local range when these new realised was over 919,00 weapons are brought into action.
W. W. IRELAND,
Sec.-Tress.
Com


-

i




k













###PAGE###2###










/






m


mnmmmmm
I cannot make these partie» understand that I am innocent, I presume the sooner I shake the dust of Madrid and Spain off tny feet the better. As for you, my friend, give me the chance time to rtoay your kindness."
“ Nonsense ! it is nothing. 1 merely —'*• begins Larry, when Doctor Jack
stone him.
Say no more. You are risking your life for me. The man who does that Is my friend/*
" I don't think I take any risks—I have boon dused careful how 1 came here, you know, and I'm sure you'll never whisper a word of It to a living ¦oui."

1 FOR FARMERS}
/
:Y

DOCTOR JACK.
some
*
1	5c Man» b I r and Profitable
T	Hints for the Busy Tillers
f	of the Soil.
P?
•s
*

i;

¦ i «àM*****
By S f. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Author of IDovtor Jack'* Wile/’ “ Captain Tom," ° Baron Sam," uMim
Pauline of New York," 44 Miss Caprice," Etc.
il
f
V
-X
*
KNOW1NU now
*
The truth of tlio problem that the race is not to the .swift nor the battle to the strong" is perhaps more nppnrent in the sphere of agriculture than in any other. On many a farm throughout this province and elsewhere the amount of work done is sadly out of proportion to the results obtained. Many a farmer finds that after working hard late and early for three hundred and sixty-live days out of the year he has a smaller balance to his credit than Ids neighbor who has taken matters comparatively easy and who has enjoyed at least a fair proportion of the good things of life. The meson is i hat one has worked with Ids hands only while the other has worked with his head and hands.
din cted
struggle for existence Is year after year becoming keener, but it is no ! longer a cox lost for more physical j strength. It has resolved itself into a contest where skill and keen calculating energy find full scope, ; and where ultrained and unskilled

ê I
*
MR
mmwmmmmm®
\
AY



" Fc? my life I would not, but I have juet made a discovery that concern» you—that will doubtless cause you to cast your fortunes with mine, and leave Spain behind."
Larry shows signs of excitement.
" What do you mean—what have you discovered ?" he asks, watching the es 1 m face of the doctor.
"In the first place, romain cool. Now. carelessly look in lho mirror behind me. You can see the whole of the cafe—laugh as though I had uttered a joke—at the same time cast your eyes upon the seeming monk near by—do you recognize him. comrade—that man Is the old Turk—our foe."

SV
way, is a Spaniard, the Duke Arroyo, when he proposed that we peep In upon a secret meeting of some sort, I've forgotten what. He had the entree, and I saw a good deal of mummery, but to this day I've never been able to decide whether the Spaniards in that den wore plotting for or against the present dynasty in Spain—1 know not whether they were republicans, followers of Don Carlos, the Pretender, or of the present government.
" However, It was here 1 met Senor Carlos -we became friends under those rather peculiar circumstances, and he had stuck close to me ever since that ht ur. I cannot see any explanation in that account of our meeting to Justify this etrange enmity on his part."
Pon 'onah ! now, but I do !' Is the startling announcement the dude
Jack never had such a hard tussle with his features In Ills whole life—h# manages to keep them straight, but It lit a severe strain—the thought of the New York dude facing that mad old Xuro Is inexpressibly comical, and he •tav laugh heartily *>t another time, but just now he does not want to hurt Larry's fading*.
Again, there may be more grit to the square inch In this little body than most big men carry with them, lack has not forgotten the scene in the hotel, Where Larry knocked the big bully out who vntM trying to pick & quarrel with him.
" Besides Pedro, who else ?" asks Jack, anxious to keep the other on the right track.
" There's the rascally old pasha— pel haps you know why he hates you so. for I don't."
V)
ù

à
#

\
c
Hr=tr^

?
3
WI11TK no Y WON Til K FIGHT. Look yen. Itastu», yos been playin’ wit
RttHtu» ( very much disheveled )—
dat hail little white boy
« *
it is only the intelligently effort that counts. The
«gain !
Ho’s
been o-playin* wif
No’m.
• I
f •
mo
CHAPTER XII.
G AUDENS FOR SCHOOLS.
wo would naturally expect, lofa r tnorv from experience than For ttuino time there have been
A .simple Ulus- achooletum ram nun nun mm mmmiu
These startling words, If true, tell Lurry that h# lias been fol I niter makes, much to the astonishment of	all. and that the	intelligence will soon
Doctor Jack, whose respect Cor the	bo communicated	to the terrible Coun-
' *•» 111 tell you all about It later monkey-man Increases the more he c!l of Ten, concerning his warning the it concerna a brother of Avis eeee , f him.	man have doomed as u spy,
it la enough In Itself to make a man's flesh creep, and ti ¦ se who profeieed l airv edartcca aroui 1 cautiously, not	to more bravery	than the little dude
Go	on,	please. You	shall	hear the ;nat he has any idea or oetng over»	of Gotham might	well be pardoned for
story w hen	your own	is	done."	heard, but because whut he la about j trembling.
This is an Incentive t - » urge Larry t<. say might involve him in trouble on, ami he goes Into further detail.
Besides, there is another in the to Doctor Jack’s tympanum he says : deal- a. man you have called a friend."
41 Is his name Don Carlos ?"
rca-
it #
HOI18
from observation
HH	t ration of this U found in breaking gardens attached to the public
strength is	a colt to halter. When first tied, it sthuol» ir. Sweden in order to lunch
\ \	,	,	. W'ni.l. , ! with a rope that he cannot break, tho children practical agriculture,
lime was alien tin* tinners wrest , though lie invariably tries to. ton- Germany in now following the oxtun-witJi the forces of nature as ho fount , vincod, after several attempts, that p|e# and, in addition, is establish-? lirin in tho gn « n forest am 1om jie cannot do this, ho gives it up mg botanical garden.** from which which, by indomitable puck a"'1 for good. and subsequently, when the supplies of trees, flowers and ceaseless toil, ho carved out a home- ^p.,; by a smaller cord, it does not other plants for 1 he school gardens stead which yieh.od a	,u occur to him that he can break it. will he drawn. At llreslau a bolus wants. lo-day he is a compel i	during his whole life, he reasons t unirai ganlvn covering several acres
tor with tho worlds grcubttt indu»- fvom that tlrst experience, and per- i,iu; already been laid out, and tries, and his farm is	a nuh u mse	mit8	himself	to	he tied by a halter	plants are being regularly scat from
account must »e op	n-|> eni.**um as	tjlftt	j)0 Coukl	snap like a thread, if	it to teachers	throughout the counlie	d.raws i-pou it . Foi cu	t y	pouin	^ |>tit knew b. An old horse. It is	try, who plant them in the school
01	fertility he (.raws from it	11	**	true, sometimes I becomes a halter-	gardens and lecture on them to the
ivi n i nn eqiuvii i.»il and he ini s un- pujjür. t)Ut this, again, jk reasoning children. ill the suburbs of Pres-i.vrstand his hanks law o 1,1,1 ‘ _ by experience; for, someway, he un- den a special agricultural college ear no hunii i rompe a a» a i ¦ expectedly and unintentionally breaks \uxs p,en established for the purpose educated, unlr.uned ou •	:	a weak halter, and this teaches him 0f teaching hoys how to cultivate
finance am menage us ai .	< that all halters are not alike, ( on-1 forest trees, end girls how to sow
Sirsûs.'^ •	ssrv£*sc tsvirs
E	£E€‘H" " “	E'HEHH
wanted to know him again wherever the farmcr was a •tmvsmV whose Wo have yet to hear of a ready re- young plants which are ob.„ to I might	meet	him.	As	a	result	I	got	only excuse for being	in the world	liable method	of	preventing turnips	«row indoors,	and which they van
on	to	a	certain	little	trick	he	has	of	wag that ho furnished	his city eus-	from	imparting	their objectionable	j * lU8 study at	tlmlr leisure, t mol y,
tossing his head in a peculiar way, tomers with vegetable», butter and | flavor ir milk. Ever so many rem- thvri> is « bolannn. gaidcui n b’ P* lf—"	Oggs, has gone out «ml to-day ho is mhos for turnip-uUntv.l milk have sic at which lecture. are
Interrupts reckoned with as tho force which been advanced from time to time, being giun to ihi dm .
Larry, with a gesture of delight—then ; furnish«\s the wealth of Ills coun- but we have never known one of highly are they appreciated mat ai-drops his eyes as the masked monk *rv what has brought about this them to give absolute satisfactory most all of the children who u viv
change? More intelligent farming results. One of the most popular them have now little gardens of which gives it its true place among of old-time methods of dealing with , their own. that this man is the pasha, and if so the world's greatest industries; a turnip-tainted milk is to put a pinch j I’m afraid >our disinterested kindness recognition by the farmer himself of of sait pet re in the pans in which ! has gotten you imo a scrape."	the fact that he is not dependent the milk was kept. Another plan
Don't	worry	about	me.	I	don't	on	(,thera but that the	sometimes adopted was to feed the	The banana goes buck to the ear lb
flunk	when	danger	calls.	There	are	WORLD DEPENDS ON	HIM	roots immediately after milking, so	, st days. Alexander’s soldiers, as
ways of outwitting these bloody Span- for n living; the increase in the that their flavor had time to he- pnnv says, joined the sages of ln-iards—trust a Yankee's long head for vnjuc Gf land; the introduction of In- come dissipated ere the next milking dia seated in its shade and partak-that.	my boy. Have you any sugges- |^r-sa\ ing machines and,	very large-	time	come round. Still another	jng <>f	its delicious fruits; hence the
tion ?”	'	iy, the influence of agricultural ed-jphin	sometimes employed was to cut	name	sapientuui, giver, the plant,
u cat ion which, more than anything off tho top parts of the root» and which likewise bears the name of else, has set veil to place	his calling	feed	them to store cattle, preserving | Jupiter's fair daughter, Musa. Now,
on the high level where	it belongs,	only	the lower portions for the	jt has	been shown that tho banana
| He has acquired faith in his profos- milking cows, because it is well -ls 0f Malayan origin, sion and his faith has made him known that more of the acrid juice gvt to	and South America and
whole.	which imparts the objectionable flav- Mexico? Tho feet of birds have
i Recent developments along agricul- or to tho milk is found in the top borne seed a full 10,000 miles, while
make it quite apparent	than in the lower half of the root.	the	reconnut has floated well	nigh
HÜÉHcf the years to	Neither of these systems is, how-	tjle	world around In tlie great ocean
come will have still greater need of	ever, found capable of altogether do-
apocial education to meet the re-	jng awa> with the taint which the	nna	hiis no seeds, nor has it a	ctu*-
quirements of their calling than	roots impart to the produce of the	jng	|jk0 the globular cocoanut	to
their ancestors posses.*-»?d. A com- cows fed upon them. The most «it- j]oat it around over the waters.
• •


on.
Morton's."
" What ! Aleck !
" Explain it, then, my dear fellow,"

The cluse you he bvJt3,
##
say.

When he speaks again, however, there is no emotion discernable in his
If hostile ears did catch it. then close
• •
voice—perhaps the ralm demeanor
" Those men you saw in council worn the man of steel who sits opposite to the trusted adherents of Don Carlos, him has a quieting effect.
see who has never given over plotting to snatch the throne of Spain. At the time, the Duke Arroyo was esteemed one of their most trusted friends, and sign of any person he brought with him could calm, he greeted with warmth, and n feel-the tng that he was true blue. Are you The following me. doctor ?"
Jack nods eagerly—the truth already
He re-
“ That's It exactly. So you here's a triumvirate plotting trouble.
You must skip from this beastly city, doctor, and give ’em the slip."
Doctor Jack shows no lx cite ment—his	manner is
and the hand that raises glass without a tremour.
he dared to conquer—all
unprepared foi the encounter as ne begins to dawn upon hla ml v as—the terror of the arena twelve allies that a strange freak of fate has hours before, after the pride of Ma- hurled him Into an arena far more drid had been tossed out on the horns dangerous than the one that held the of the mad tore is not ant to show the black toro— V hattie-field of human white feather because a new kind of passions and plottings, where men— danger menaces. He will meet It with and women, too—scheme for power, the same unflinching front he showed sworn to stand by their cause no tnat-the raging bull, quick to take ad- ter at what sacrifice. He has unwtt-vi'mage of an adversary'» mistake, tlngly become mixed up In Spanish and always ready.
He has another question to put, though somehow hq seems to hesitate about it. us if the subject were far Co\ d that the duke is a royal spy,
sent by the present government to
“ Are you sure of what you say. doctor ?" he asks, after having glanced at the monk, whose gown and mask baffle him—" how have you guessed such a thing ? I would not know my own brother in such an outlandish rig."






• I



? '
" There he goes now."
political intrigues—a worse fate could not well overtake a man.
“ Since that Ume it has been dis-
turns that way.
“ Yes. that Is It.
I know positively

fiom pleasant.
Tell me, Larry, was there any hint team the plans of the plotters, and dropped about a fourth party—a fe- he Is n marked man, doomed to death, mnle ?"	You, as Ills friend, have been put on
•' Yes, to be sure—I had forgotten, (he same footlng-peihaps certain What's coming over this head of mine? things you have done make them be-There Is a woman In the deal—he said neve beyond a doubt that Instead of she was beautiful, and wuuld make you forget all about Avis. Sci here,
ORIGIN OF THE BANANA
« •




a wealthy American you are paid out of government ds to w*toh the now that I think of It, she must be frjoncjs of the plotting Don Carlos. At that darling you were with when 1 met yvu In the old curiosity shop they tall a museum."
•' it Is Mercedes," says Jack, sadly, mehow the thought that this beautiful creature Is connected with the plot against his life gives him pain - he does not understand why it should be so, but the facts are as plain as

" Let me think a minute."
So Doctor Jack reviews the situation, and sees things in something of a new light.
to realize how near he has come to falling in the pit dug for him—not only once at the house of Don Carlos, but in the arena—for with his new vision he believes Mercedes was playing a deep game when with voice and eyes she urged him on to meeting tho hull—no doubt believing and expecting he would never leave the bull-ring alive.
Somehow this thought makes him feal cheap—he does not care for Mercedes. but he Is a man, and does not like to have b# 0 ntftde a plaything "I am wondering how you, Lawrence of a beauty's *mile.
Rennet of w York, come to know these thu gs ?"
The dude's laugh freezes on his lips, the future that will warrant his forming a plan, while Lurry sips the eon-tents of his glass, and steals furtive glances at the disguised pasha, who •eems to be paying no attention to them.
any rate this seems to me to be the whole truth."
Jack puts out his hand, and seizes the diminutive member of Larry Kennedy. which he shakes with a gravity quite natural to him—for he Is not Impulsive in his ways.
As sure a» 1 live I believe you have struck the truth—It is a most reasonable explanation of this deep mystery. There Is only one thing puzzling me now."
" What may that be ? Perhaps I cun prove to be a magician in that case also," laughs the strange little
It makes him wince
How did it
for

t tirai lines that the farmers



But tho cultivated ban-
currents.

day.
What strange motive can Fon Carlos and his niece have for their action ? Surely it Is not robbery, for in what would they profit by his
Ing generation will be obliged to ^factory method of overcoming Then it must have been carried by grapple with and overcome the re- trouble on this score is to pasteur-sults of errors committed by the the milk that is. to heat it up present generation, ns wc to-day are to a temperature of about 155 de-engaged in rectifying the mistaken grees before it is separated or set by which our forefathers robbed tin* for creaming.
{.-oil of its wealth. More and more |______ _________________________________
as the year» go by the necessity of specially educating the young men and boys along these lines becomes apparent, and year by year shows the absolute necessity of making agricultural education a feature of our school work
try is its young HI | ¦¦
their fitness to take their places in tho ranks the future of the country
depends	I I I HI Hfl
tom tend in this direction and future is assured.
man.
n annei
death ? There is some de . darker Hlback of it all. and he cannot
crumbs from
CURIOSITY IN PICNICS
mystery
hope to pick up any Larry—still there is no harm In try-
man.
There has just been he’d at N
one of the n
It Is an
So he rapidly reviews the situation, and endeavours to see something in
castle, England, curious ' picnics'' ever seen.
anhr5unt?58ZTailsCt 'o\\Tv^Uge'Jmcrr"j
avd every form of Itchinr, making. Thousands of well dressed
PeopL-uw and "omen-poured in-timoaiala in the dally prww and ask your neigh* 1<> the town from the collieries; and, bore whatthey think of It. You can aw it and forming in order behind hands and
SLÎÈ55! banned marched, in Kotumn mood. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I	¦¦to the Town Moor. There they
ungvd themselves around platforms from which they were spoken to by orator after orator for hours on end. Afterwards they rearranged A new use for parks has been dis- themselves behind the bands and covered by the city uithorltiee of banners, and walked away from the .	. »	<n	..Brooklyn, NY FI have found	Moor n# sedaWl as H walked 1
I Tho	principles involved	in	the	them to be admit able annexes to the	o This is called the “Miners* Pic-
training of horses are not hard of free libraries of the town. Two comprehension or many in number; years ago they allowed a small and, if you once grasp them tlior-	building in one of the parks to be
oughly, you have the key of the sit-	*#@d as a free library A	small
nation*, so to speak, in vour bands,	reading room was opened with	sev-1 The	first	thimr	to	do	with	a sprain
It then becomes a mailer of choice	oral hundred books. Visitors	were is to	apply	water	ns	hot	as	cun	bo
ss ,:s	irr.: sv
him just	a	few simple and emu turn-	0f t|ie |»ark. The authorities dis-	CMVCj ,,,. «he sprain or wet cloths
SSI. :	s.T& =% 'tiftrrt:	s &> n ss&i =&
considerably, in degree. Hence, as just been established.	quickly!	*


in*.

"The Turk did not lake you into his full confidence, I presume, ftlluw ?" he queries.
Piles

old
and whon he turns directly toward Jack to look him in the face—they have ‘ Xo, but he gaw v-iumbte »>f doing removed their half masks long before-so If I would consent to Join them.
You see, he talks broken English, and as I have not burnished up my Turkish tongue lately, wc did not get on as well as we might." Larry says this with a peculiar smirk, for, as a linguist, he is a dead failure, knowing nothing but his mother tongue, and precious little of that, some of his acquaintances are fain to believe.
bothered over one thing.
Pedro has a cause for hating me—he to a Spaniard, and I am the man who supplanted him in the fickle affection of the public. As for the Turk, there is abundant reason why he should wish to see me sent, Mazeppa-like, the plains of Tartary on the back
the marmf;
IlM
the athlete can detect the slight eel shadow of anxiety uuon the queer physiognomy, as though Larry realizes the fact that he is playing with fire.
“ Doctor, there need be no secrets between us. To tell you the truth, I belong to the revolutionist party myself," he announces, with a forced

The hoi*? of our coim-fnrmers and on
I
" Come, we will go out of here," and Jack rises, settles the account, then passes beyond the portal.
" Look back, Larry—is he following ?" he says.
" Yes, he has arisen, and walks this way, the old heathen. I'd like t
No, no, we must do nothing rash. At all events, it is essential to the success of my plans that Abdallah Pasha lives to return to Turkey, for I intend to meet him—to outwit him m a tremendous game being played, the stakes of which are contained in a human life."
They pass along to the fonda near by. with the same merry crowd Jostling them, the same frolicsome senor-itas pouring rice upon them from over-hanging balconies, amid shrieks of mischievous laughter, and all gay-ety and laxity that is always a part of the grand carnival.
At another time Doctor Jack might have Joined in the mirth of the hour with all his heart, for he Is a convivial fellow, and believes in getting a certain amount of pleasure out of this grim old world of ours, with its fleeting shows; but Just now so many things are on his mind that the music and laughter bother him a little.
He feels that a net Is being spread about him, and not only does the danger menace himself, but that fair girl, A via. as well. She is not suspected of any connection with the government by these political conspirators, but the look Abdallah Pa: ha gave her was enough to cause alarm In the mind of the American doctor.
Used to reading the faces of men— his power falls short when tried upon the other sex, for they baffle his penetration—he has discovered that the evil eye of the Turk has picked out Avis as the one creature above all others he would delight to see in his harem. Beautiful slaves he may buy In the mart in Constantinople, but never one of her animation.
(To He Continued.)


Dr, Chase’s Ointment
-
i

Iy»t our educational sy»-
our
OVEN-A III HEADING
M
grin,
" The duce you do. Really, you are the last person I should expect to find i meddling with such dangerous busi-] ness.
i enough In hunting or kindred »port at 40 to 4714c, and 800 of oats at 24 to 25c without risking your neck in this
M
TRAINING HORSES
" I am
Couldn't you find excitement
hie
• »

TREATING A SPRAIN
wav ?"
The other assumes an air of Importance that ill becomes his small stature.
"I prefcired to engage in a gamu that required the exercise of brains, for do you know I am something of a Richelieu in my way. These parties wanted an American representative, and I Joined them. Oh ! I'm a double-dyed plotter, and don't you forget it, doctor. That is how I got on the track of your game—I knew about the duke, and your mention of him put me on the scent, you know."
.	Well, this is a singular business,
of noble blood, and owes you much, , mugt all Around. i wonder If I
because, as you say. you saved hi# CQUjd convince your friends
life when bear-hunting. I have no h&ve nQ lntere8t jn exposing them—
clew that will open the mystery, but	the duke was but a casual ac-
irrnajrt HzE sssr-s rarer -
have given him no eause tor su jRck ln Berlous, because be has other
matters jon his mind, and does not care to be mixed up in this political in-

over
oC a wild horse, but for the life of me I can't understand why Don Carlos, whose life I have saxed In the Prye-and his lovelv niece should con-
Perhaps you can


nees,
spire against me. throw some light on the subject, my gcod friend."
But Larry «hakes his head—he Is unable to solve the mystery that puzzles Jack.
It seems to me unreasonable that like this Spaniard should join
I



• i
w-
a man
in the hue and cry against you.
«I

that I
Had Lost Hope of Getting Well

you
undying hatred
It is Larry who turns cross-questioner now. and somehow Jack does not think it odd. He answers in all

Years of Keen Suffering From Kidney Disease—Owes Life to
Dr, Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills.

trlgue.
"Once the gun Is aimed It is next to Impossible to check its fire. I know * hat these men and women are, what terrible oaths they have taken upon themselves, and the fate they doom an informer to. Perhaps by this time the duke may have met his fate—it will to be some accident, a fall
frankness.
" Never—I am sure of It. We have been good friends ever sines we met In Paris. I cannot remember having offended him by word or look."
" What was the nature of your mailing ?" Larry is endeavouring to prode around much after the manner of a young surgeon searching for a ball which he hopes to hit by chance.
Mr. R. J. MeBaln, Niagara Falls, did not try Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liv-; Pills with all ray heart to any Ont., a man of 80	yours, and well	or	I got a box	at onco.	and	son,	man or	woman.	This	is	ntf
known throughout the Niagara dis-	took 1	l)I1Ifl* wh,ch	a rather	opinion	of	these	valuable	pills,	find
...	„,,	55»	; isn- - * - -
not boon for Dr.	( base's Kidney-	month,	and at the end	of that	time
Liver Pills I would	I* in my grave	was a changed man. ,	¦	HI
before this. I was very bad with "It l& now about five veers since Ies*,er'* n 1Ÿ kidnev disernsp, and suffered with l began using this pill, and slptu 1advuoce<* dreadful pains in my kidneys. Being that time t have foit us good aê disappointed in the use of many me- did 10 years ago. I am almost 80 body dtcines, I had almost given up hopes years old, and I am free from all of exvr getting better.	disease, except rheumatism,
“One morning, after a night of this is much better than it used to especially hard suffering, a friend be before I used this medial no Ii called to see me, and asked why 1 recommend Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver
SI pear
fiom his horse when riding, or the discharge of his gun while hunting,
mrM.ng wMÎ.rVn» ££tJ?Ui	JTudd.r «'îL.mSr’ llL
briefly narrate It. I have spent months in Paris, and am fa-
KidneysLiver Pills art appreciated by people «
¦The kidneys are if»
of
Dr. Chase's
age.
the firs* organs"^ break down, and there ^ few old people but suffer frçm ney disorders, and resuitibf P aches. One pill a dbP. cents a box, at all dealers, or - , monaon. Da tee it Co., Toronto.
vindictive manner In which they took the oath that the royal spy should die within the next moon."
" As for me, I have never yet turned my back upon any danger ; but a man would be a foot to fight a league as powerful and unscrupulous as this. If
our
me
I
many
miliar with almost every part of the city, even beyond those places generally gazed upon by the average tourist.
" One night I was returning to my quarters with a frl nd, who, by the
Pekin's big bell, weighing over oh tons, was cast in 1415 feet high, and has a circumference of
it is 9 Inches
It is 15
and
and

34 feet at the rim
thick.






if








###PAGE###3###









fiiàT TALUS üf UDKU3'
. CUL Lcâ.6 ItxrK aide
STILL AT IT !
Father (who has gone Into the pit n try unexpectedly, and James, aged ten, «leuling biscuit»)— Now, James, what do you mean by this ? Do you know that the law punishes people for small offence» ?
Well, you stole once, and did not get punished.”
1 ?”
Yes, father You stole n s
I"
Hight, my son ; but, remember, I got severe punishment for that. 1 got penal servitudo for life, and am et it still !”
HOW CAUSTIC BURNS.
(/n oc a&JitSr
Take a piece of woollen cloth, or # piece of a blanket, and boll It thoroughly In a strong solution of caustic Bodi, and you will find the wool will gradually be eaten away, leaving
aoda, or how common alkaline soaps (Concluded).	destroy their clothing; consequently
The chief vgluo of green manuring, they, week by week, subject « s,lv or Mf i system of plotighing-under a fabric to such treatment l,l,) *1H,1<i?1 growing crop of clover, lies in the also are immersed for hours in sue « addition of nitrogen otherwise un- solutions, resulting In eczema, coarse obtainable. By the subsequent de skin, and brittle nails. The ©•mus env in the soil of the turned-under soda may loose# the dirt, hut it eat clover this nitrogen is set free, and away the fabrle and mine ths hands.
aide UfOod for "fuUiwTcrops"^ grain, fusV easy for a woman to teethe THE SIGN OF THF CHEMIST.
fruit trees, roots, and the like. The difference between *fl *	„	,hat	Those huge glass bulbs of red	and
growth and harvesting of the nitro- soap end a neutral wa g	*^lfor	yCii„w and blue water, which	*
r	zpsrsz sis,smsi'S
ami other legumes, even when the market. 1 I , ana,yete the ation of chemists' windows.
M-mm rmm§ mmmm
sz	-' «*• :r.x,.sa,szzzsa
amounts is formed in the soil from	-----------———	ways used as window ornaments.
the organic matter of the clover.	The brilliant liquids that they con-
in addition to the functions	of	j por ^mt. of the	fertilizing elements	tain arc made cheaply and plainly of
manuring with clover there is	the	o{ the crop in	the waste product	chemicals and water. Thus, a solu-
inrrhnnicul ns well as the chemical 0f the animal economy. As nearly tlon of copper and ammonia makes . iu-invuL of _ the Soil, the add I-	0no» half of the	fertilizing value of	blue; bichromate of potash makes
tlon of food materials, and the	en-	clover is in the	roots, it even the	orange; aniline dyes have of late
couragcment of micro hie life within crop he harvested and sold	off,	there	been used in the chemicals' place,
the soil. Then, too. considerable ¦ ja ^Hl a largo addition to	the	soil’s,	but the liquids fade in a strong	sun-
amour, th of potash, pin ; : boric acid, #tore of available plant food,	and	light, and have frequently to be	round lime are absorbed and built up (ho land is	ne wed. The liquids colored chemi-
into its tissues during the growth of CONSIDERABLY ENRICHED. rally, on the other hand, Inst well clover There in part are obtained ,f jt behoNeH the Western farmer, nigh for ever.
soil not reached : who hftg tilled but for a quarter of
of the most fertile
finds
#
A SOIL COMPONENT OF A VEBY
HIGH ORDER.
V
G
I #
/
CGnc6
*
# I
-2
« I
Ceylon Tea Is the finest Tea the world produces, and la sold only In load packets.
Black, Mixed and Green.
'.pin tes drinker, try "SsLtls” Green tes.
t
»
« «
# 4
o^a/confi'.
.A &i~
9 9
a #
ftùzeA/yûÿf*r\/ £&
yxfîy
-4
TOO TREASURER
I
WHOLESALE
"HDUBTRlirl Staple Clolliin
I^E»URANCE-BY-mefT”W 1 TtnTiï.ïZTlî
Ask your dealer for these goods*
BEST EVER.*
QUEBEC MUNICIPAL OFFICER GIVES IMPORTANT EVIDENCE.
(F
are
b
In the
•OAUTY
h’VAU .H
Without Fear tion,
Some Words of Advice.
Favor, or Affec-He Speaks Plainly His Sentiments, Adding
WYLD-
N
vu
WolfvKtown, Que., Sept. 8.—(Special).—Mr. H. Boulanger, Secretary ard Treasurer of this town, is numbered among the most prominent and highly respected citizens of thu country.
Time and again he has been honored by appointments to offices of public trust and there is no man in our community who commands the universal respect and esteem of all classes of citizens more than Mr. Boulanger.
Those who know him well are aware that for some time he was very ill ard they also know that he was restored to good health, but many of them may not be awe re o! the means used by Mr. Boulanger in accomplishing the wonderful recovery which lie has been fortunate enough to bring about.
Dodd's Kidney Pilla cured him and he has made this fact public in a grateful letter which reads as lows:
COMPANY, lIMiriO, T0P.3NT*.
Umlted
to; ont».
Can handle your APPLES, PEACHES, PEARS, PLUMS, ONIONS, POUITCY (dead or aihre) BUTTER, ECCS, HONEY, to rood advantage, let ue have your eon -i,monte, It
will pay veu, Stamps and pad# on applloatloih^^^^^^^^M^^^^^^^B
The Dawson Commission Go
)
•>
ID
¦non
Font

OUR
BRANDS.
from depths of ! the root» < f other farm crop» ; therefore tiio United-uih'ct clover crops caii he co.vidfied hr adding largely to tin- mineral supply of the euiperiidal soil Ih or.
t i > ri
Experiment
with
other and
Inferior
brands,
ED
King Edward
1 a century
! soils in the world, to pay attention to the restoration of the nitrogen, humus, and available mineral food,
.	.	. how ranch more important is this
specially worthy ot note, though, ill ^ject to the farmers of Eastern
this connection is that this mineral CfUlft(la where for the most part the food now offered as humatos for the hay bmi much i0,lgcr tilled, and <>f succeeding crops is much more *here <)riginnllv it was not of that available than before the cloxer ajv extrpme riehne«l to be found in the preprinted it ; it has practically
Nurses' Experience.
one
loses

“ Headlight”
The feature
60Se
Medical men say that a good nurse In a difficult caw i* better than medicine. but when wc can get a good nurse and good medicine, the patient stands a much better chance of recovery. The few words of advice given below by nurse Eliza King, well worthy the attention of all
“ Eagle ”
Ü3E
209i
lOJd
C IQ
1 >
EDDYJ
"Victoria"
fol-
.	,	. J1 . .	, ,	.... .. North wr*. The average yield in
been already digested, and is, there- ftl| oll|. ica9tcrl) Provinces would be
& EASY or ASSIMILATION.	^ .."T.
To these benefits must be added the of the |ogumes. Of improved me-good woik that clover does as a (ho(lfl basefj upon scientific truths catch*’ crop, preventing the loss o that the Experimental Farm system soluble nitrates and other plant food bu8 bee„ instrumental in introducing through the leaching action of fall none give better promise of fruitful
that which exemplifies humus for the enrich-
I des*re to say that I was completely cured of kidney Disease and Urinary Trouble by Dodd’s Kidney Pills.
“Little Comet ”
» i
CANADA
HULL
»
Are
renders:
in South Africa smoked 1 Out of 316 recent cases of person»
wounded with bullets in flie brain,
160 recovered.
•‘I was f?o bad that I was obliged to urinate often, with much pain. They have relieved end the satisfactory.
"I think it is prudent for every family to keep them and use them
of Mi Boulanger's
standing puts himself on record so frankly urd positively* there can be no doubt but that he has experienced all and more than he states in his letter.
Dodd's Kidney Pills have now permanently established themselves as an infallible remedy for all urinary
trouble and the Mr. Boulanger's vice which every observe.
Our men m aver 200 million cigarettes last, year
< »
Ja-
I have constantly used St. cobs Oil in the various situations 1 have occupied as- nurse, and have in-vnriably found
requiring outward application,
such am sprains, bruises, rheumatic affection», neuralgia, etc. In of pleurisy it is an excellent remedy - well rubbed in. 1 can strongly recommend it after several years' use
It should be in ev-
# t
me of the pain results in every way are
Fer Orrr Mil7 irar*.
A* Old axd Wsll-Tais» Rimsdt. - tfr# window's FoothtagflyruDfeM been used for ever Rlxly years by millions of mothers for their children wfli • teething, with perfect ewoers. It toothm the child, toft on* the gunrsr, sllays Ul yalo. cures w.od co.ic, and
for Oisrrbira Is p!ea«*u‘ to the
pari of the »or d ue Is ircali ulsbie
ruins
Since the spring of 1803 systematic investigatory work to determine the fertilizing value of the clover Crop has been prosecuted in the Central Experimental” Farm at Ottowu, under the direction of Dr.
Saunders, experiments on the branch forms having been started
In	hose
trials the Clover ham been sown with relic of the greatest Interest and im-grain. wheat or barley, in the spring, portance—no less than the first loco-mud this has always resulted In a! motive ever made and run in Eng-good stand of clover before the close land. It was invented and conetruct-of the season, as it grows rapidly eel by William Murdock, the well-after the grain is harvested. If the known assistant to James Watt, nd is inl<	for grain the j who. second only in importance
jdougliing-undcr of the clover is done ! Watt himself, invented numerous delate in the autumn ; if a crop of vices in connection with steam ei> jggg Indian corn is to be glnc#. the next season the clover is
it excellent In nil
result» than the value of ment of farming lands
THl MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE.
' >
cas#1»
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
When a man
it the be«t remedy 'M e Sold by dugfKu in every Twenty-Are cents s houle. Its vb)i Be sure »a<l ask for Mrs. Winslow's Sojth.og Syrup and take no other kind
FIRST LOCOMOTIVE.
W.

There is now being exhibited by Tangyos, Limited, at 35 Queen Victoria street. London, an historical
and experience, er.v household."
tome
Brass reflects heat better than any
Silver comes next,
St. Andrew’s 1 have found St.
rem-
Sister Carolina.
metal.
then tin, steel, and lead in the order named.
Hospital, writes:
Jacobs Oil n most efficacious
;ti»o in sprains and Indeed, we cannot say too
i i
tweettn* the breath.
Preserves the teeth.
Strengthens the |(urn»
closing words of letter are an- ad-household should
edy in gout;
much in its praise, and our doctor is ordering it constantly."
Brass Band
all
Monkey Brand Soup removes stains, rust, won't wash clothes.
dirt or tarnish — but
to
She—"The Browns arc going to put their father's bust on top of their bookcase in the library." He-
f suppose they place him head and shoulders above
all the authors."
A BENEFIT TO FARMERS.
inetrurvDrums, Uniforms» t #c
Japanese are always burled with
to the north. Consc-
pottttoc* or
grown ,	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
left till the following spring, when about the second or third week in
m ssnsi %sst
It may he urged that the burying
This
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE P BAND
The benefit* that will undoubtedly result to farmers from the recent incorporation of the International Harvest Company which took over the business of the five leading harvester manufacturers have probably not been considered by a large portion of the farming community.
The economical necessity of a consolidation of the interest* of manufacturers and those of their farmer , customers must be apparent to any who understands the present sib*
their heads
sr&rjsz: sac* - ‘iSEsHtiELr-*
Maid's Liniment Infcna’s Ftiend mm bsïcb » ou.. Limitai
Toroa'o, 0 »U and VMru peg, .dan
think that will
11
•dogue
BABY’S OWN TABLETS.

MOPS llir < 4MI*n anti werkt oT the < # d
' «laine TaMrU rure acolU in one Price 25cf»u
When your child — whether it is a big child or little baby — suffers from stomach or bowel troubles of any kind, is nervous, fidgety or
^iAXàlire^Brn^o
The heating surface of the boiler modern locomotive is equal to
feet long and 47 feet
of n crop of clover is waste, fn a measure may be true if the farmer have sufficient stock to consume
it, for by feeding it there is the op- cross and doesn't sleep well, give port unity of converting a part into Baby's Own Tablets. This medicine high-priced animal products and re- the quickest and surest cure- and
turning to the soil practically 75, the safest, because it contains no uation.	...
opiate or harmful drug. No matter The incre.uod and Increasing cost how voung or how feeble your little of material, manufactm ing and stone is the Tablets can be given with ing-the latter in consequence of ex n certainty that the result will be treme nfid bitter competition be-good. For very young infants crush tween manufacturers and their the Tablets to a powder. Mrs. (loo. al selling agenU-hns made the busily. l oiter, Thorold. Ont., says: nets unprofitable.
“My baby had indigestion badly rI he two alternatives left fur when he was about three month» manufacturers were either the
He was constantly hungry and creasing of the prices of machines or his food did him no good as he	the reduction of the cost of	manufao
vomited it ns soon as he took it.	turc and sales. The lutter	could on-
Hc was very thin and pale and got ly be accomplished by concentrating but little sleep, as he cried nearly the business in one company, all the time both day and night. As can readily be seen, the form-was constipated; bis tongue lug of the now company was not a coated and his breath bad. Noth- stock-jobbing operation but a ing did him any good until I got tiring of mutual 'ntcrMte. ¦
Baby's Own Tablets, aud after giv- is no watered stock, the capitalizing him those a short time he be- lion is conservative and represented
gun to get better. His food digest by actual and tangible oswets^ I hore	¦
ed properly; his bowels became re-1£' «° stock ofTei-ed to the public, it . boIK.,i(H of higher education. Mr. gulor, ho began to grow; find is now	having all been subscribed	and paid	i Oabbe—"Not	much!	You	can’t	tell
a big, healthy boy. I ttlways ktfep	hy the manufacturers and	their ns-	be|.	ftily thing;	she	thinks	slie	knows
the Tablet* on hand and recommend them to other mother®
The Tablets can obtaited any drug store or you cap got them by mail, post paid» at * cent* o box by writing direct ti> the^Drj Williams Medicine Co., Brockville,
Ont., or Schenectady, N. Y.
YCUü OVEHSCATS
of a

50

a space
Why, Johnny, it’s lucky
isn’t when your mother has told you rot to go in swimming! ’’
# i
Merritt—
süïtf æwï «s?--	tra
BRITISH AMERICA H DVCINO CO.
Montreal.	z

MESSRS. C. C. RICHARDS A CO.
Gentlemen,—In June '98 1 hnd my
badly

hand and wrist bitten and mangled by a vicious horse. I suffered greatlv for several day» and the
refused to heal, until ;
a bottle of
$33.00 TO THE PACIFIC COAST.
the Chicago &
A GRATEFUL TRIBUTE.
from Chicago via	¦1 ¦ ¦
North-W ern IVy every day during
September second-class tickets at very low rate» from Chicago to points in Colorado, Utah, Montana, Nevada, Idaho, 0re-
California and
tooth cuts your agent gave MINARD’S LINIMENT, which 1 be-using, and the effect was magi-
hours the pain had
by UMNO
Standard American Wicks
—and -
Sarnia Lamp CEI.
mo
and October. One-way
FROM A MAN WHO LOOKED UPON HIS CASE AS HOPELESS.
gnu
cal. In five
ceased, and in two weeks the wounds
had completely heaiod hand and arm were as well ns ever
Yours truly.
the
in-
OPEM8®SS®6
and my
Washington,
other points. Also special
gon,
round-trip Homeseckers’ tickets first and September Coast and
lore from
address 11. II. Bennett, 2 # East King St., T< nto, Ont.
ou
doctors Diagnosed His Case as Catarrh of the Stomach, but Failed to Help Him—Many Remedies Were Tried Before a Cure Was Found.
tin) Bulletin. Bridgewater,
on
A. E. ROY.
Carriage maker, St. Antoine, P. Q
August,
third Tuesdays, and October to Pacific the West. Full pnrticu-ncnrer.t ticket agent or
Reliable Men and Women.
BANTED
The horned screamer of Brazil a bird of the blackbird family—hae
and
lie
cen-
There
LAY FXfKNHEB to iver.ie r»% iflitler ta ALtTHk VKAH.
.* iiin tv- f t-ary.
McAitlûti Co,
MONTH »od prr good* Bfl tack tip sn’! < ou d try. S IKAI >X
i'o*ei*hn ki|wl.
ItiV nm'.iOu .i
C5 Mr nirodnre pu
each wing two sharp claws pointed horn upon its head.
on
wo#
*l«ry or Vrttr f*>r partie»!*** rndou, UoL _________
From
Û
: p n
You	always
tell n woman who has enjoyed the
Miss Kulchei
• »
N. S.
We suppose there is not a corner in this yuip Dominion ig which will nôt be fôuid people who have been restored to health and stopngth through the use of Dr. Williams' Fink Pills. There arc many such case# here in Bridgewater and it* vicinity, and we Qrb this week given permission to recifd one for the benefit of similar sufferers. The case Is well known in this vicinity^ and the tenacity of the disorder was remarkable.	fjB I UU
not, a surveyor of lumber for
I
Bons, was n victim of a serious disorder of the stomach. Hi* sufferings were excruciating end Ho wasted to a shadow. Doctor» prescribed for him. yet the agonizing pain» remained. Many remedies [¦¦¦tried but to no avail. The rase was diagnosed ns catarrh the stomach, food became distasteful, life a burden. The trouble went for nearly six yeftrm, then a good
advised the use of Dr.
The pills were
Vet-
YORK CENTRAL SPIRIT.
The spirit of accommodating public seems to be the keynote for the great succès» enjoyed by the New York. Central Railroad. A trif anywhere over this popular line will convince the most blase traveler on
25 s.	I Dominion Une Steam.hlp,
MM. 5 being .bilging ... n..k- gTt&W&aMiKZ:
K % iWKm jaBmsss- »
Yo rk* C .'en tra V ' ‘ employes nip rira» pa-irons as being high grade gentlemen ; ofihe Compsay.or
desirous of making the journey such a pleasure ~
THE NEW
«0 HUMBU6mvae;V'i,.i Uf}
BïïMïiISSiîrA"^ ’
r#t4iOf M»k#e tlëifferenteer io»rko s’
, with mee blade. *»lree»« »' meilelsfre# frite •! 5#«s*
the
sociales.
The management of the International Harvester Company is itt the bolds of well-known, experienced
urnn
The officers are:	President, Cyrus
H. McCormick; Chairman Executive |
it all."

• rex
•ISM
11

'MtiaMMlirn*. mnwi ««
ivrtflal :lfi t werfce.uniUslenre »'il_d _ .8. M»i», *02fer 17yrs : Csoeth Du.I g
%l Hire. fAMllB SEMiHOt, i.ir«.ld, lews. C. S.
at
TO « I KE .4 4 01 D 1M ONE DAT.
Take Laxative Bren » Quinine Tatlafee. All drui ri*t> rerun'*, the money If it fail* te cure. K w G owe» Kuuatnro U on «*ach box


the
E"'L -
lirrn.1, and 550 companies.
on
man
Perkins; Vice-Presidents, Harold F. McCormick, James Peering, Wm. H. Jon ml John J. Glessner: Sec reRichard F
For six years Alfred Vei-
^erior nrcomn od*tl->» . ui# and HU to.* '«ma ii hat be<n riven to (ha
the
GREAT MEAT EATERS
The greatest world
whose average consumption is pounds per annum, gggnexi with an overage of a little ov 110 pounds
cat only halt as milch moat ns t! English; and the people of Germany, Austria, and Italy still less.
firm of Davison &
lumber
meat eaters in the the people of America,
175
Keep Minaid’s Uniment In the House
and Treasurer,
The members of the Board
Cyrus :
tory
Howe
Bentley, William Peering. Charles 1 The largest wooden statue in the Peering, James peering. Eld ridge M. world is to he seen in Toklo, if»-Fowler, F. H: Gary, John J. Glee-1 pan. it is 54 feet high, and the Richard F. Howe, Abram M head will hold 20 people.
D. Torrance * Co
Bov wo. Mvoin oisud FurUonA
RieUrde, MHli à Co. TTbUleSt.
I
and very
ra veler
Uiat be will come again and again. Ticket and baggage agent», trainmen and porters ruffe one’s temper so easily ! When you are given the impression there is nothing too good for you, whether you are traveling five or five hundred mile*, that road certainly possesses the first big right to be popular. Four smooth tracks all the way
New York, over
had
The English
Wood a Photo. F.ncrax in< ,
'0-11 JONES	>
"I6ti UAV STREET —lORONlO
come
The French
can smooth or
rerc
suer. ¦	¦¦ ¦ ¦
Hyatt, William H Jones, Cyrus H McCormick, Harold F. McCormick,
Geo. W. Perkins, Norman B Ream.
Leslie N. Ward, l’uni D. Cravath.
Hie International Harvester Com- ^ ^
mS/KÈ/m
K&.1TS. szrtrzs	C SLX, ‘.TUT*
tain the present prices of these ma- man sho'1'1	•	, , vou refuse	with having Inculcated this
sz	-csrsz ',e «t
SU It ure of the world, f	one |	ff°?
cause has contributed or can contrH | bute more to this development than the cheapness of machines for vesting graine.	I I
of
THE MANY ADVANTAGES
offered passengers bound for Buffalo and New York by the Grand Trunk’s New York Kxprees,” leaving

4	-
jSAVlKCSl
If you are trying to save mon-3 ev we can be of assistance to you and shall be glad of an opportunity of showing you in what w ay. Meantime let us emphasize the feeling of security our depositors have
ltd for Minard's and take no other,
on
Samaritan
Williams’ Pink Pills ¦ I given a fair, patient trial. Mr not using about a dozen boxes, and before thev wore all gone a permsu-
Mr. Vefnot is
4 «



The Province of Asturias, in Spain, holds the record of possessing 28 centenarians In a population of 600,000.





r-nt cure was effected.
¦ able to attend to hi* business
now
when it looked as if he was doomed to die. He is grateful to this great medicine for his cure and has
hesitation in saying so.
their thorough on the blood speedily cure anae-sciat.ica, partial
State or Onto, City or Toledo. > ,
Lucan County.	*
FRANK J. CHENEY makes oath that lie is senior partner of the firm of f. J. CHENEY & CO., doing busllimw in Vhe City of Toledo. County and
^y“ethc,0.umtto« on',-:%«UM
LARS for each and every cans of LA-
Hworu to before me and subscribed In my presence, this 6Ui day of December, A D. lW.ui
no
and
and
Because of
prompt action nerves these pi mia, rhemnnti.Hin. paralysis, St. Vitus’ dance, scrofula and eruptions of the skin, erysipelas,
troubles, and the
THE
e | 1
J IS

rànada |?
V a«d western cahada
Mortgage Cohpofa- n,
TORONTO ST

émanent

U MO
kidney and liver
notional alimenta which make the
worsen a source Get the genuine Dr. Williams'
Fills for Pale People" on the
Sold by
f
A- W
lives of so many slant misery*.
with the Pink _ wrapper medicine nt 50
Uui:/ VaC.'U» Co.. Brockville, Ont

• • • •
: seal :
con
TORONTO.
i •
fill! name
• t

• • • •
• • •
*«'“* ,orj	*Tâ. TO,.do. O.
so pleasantly noticeable os to be
The New ' York Central — From the Commercial

around each box dealer» or rent post paid box or six boxes for oddnwdng the Dr
termed
'tHIHP
Wort. Minneapolis.
• •
W P C 11.5
• I Miwi’s Liital itKtdl) PhftKliH.
e 9
! ¦

onts
Will-
Sold b Hull»








** x
46
###PAGE###4###

-	• T	L ,




THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
For the Threshing Season
SMART & SMITH
shaw ville
MASSET-Il ARRIS
SH AW VILLE.
UJgWheat (standard) 00 to 75c. zzz | Flour per barrel, $4.00 to $0.00. Oats per bushel, 20 to 28c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75e.
Au ok wheat, 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Rffgs. per dozen, 14c.
Putter, per pound, 11 to Mo. Wool, per pound, 13 to 15c. Pelts, each, 35 to 45c.
Hides, $L50 to $5.00.
Calfskins, 45 to 05 cents each.
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 14. 1902.
WARE-ROOMS

A serious affray took place on Tuesday last near Winchester, Ont., between a 0. P. R foreman named Hart and a gjmg of Italian navies. The Italians attacked Hart with daggers, and wounded him pretty severely. Hart in turn, defended himself with a shovel, and brained one of his assailants, and disabled two or three others

«*##»
V ^
We are now prepared to supply you with
Feeding Mitts,
Lace Leather,
Cotton Overalls and Jumpers, Machine Oil and Oil Cans.
New Williams
Sir Edmund Barton, Prime Minister of the Federated Commonwealth of Australia, is at present to urine Canada, and is meeting with most hospitable receptions at the hands of the Canadian The antipodean statesman is pleased with and interested in this country, which he is now travelling through for the first time.
Second only in magnitude to the colossal Steel Trust of the United States ¦will be the moat trust organized within the past few weeks, and, barring the oc currence of some unforseen contingency, likely to come into operation on Sept 27th. The capital stock of the “beef merger” as it is called, will be up in the hundreds of millions.
Sewing Machines
Are always seasonable
and always in the front rank in point of general superiority.
OTTAWA
Butter, print, 20c. per lb.
palis. 17 to 19c. per lb.
Eggs, fresh, 18c. per doz.
Potatoes, 45c. per bag.
Lamb, 7 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 6 to 7c. per lb.
Beef, H to 6&c. per lb:
Pork. $8.00 to $0.50 per 100.
Oats, 33 to 34c. per bushel. Hay, $5.00 to $7.00 per ton. Wool 14 to 13c. per lb.
people, much v
Also a full line of the best quality Delf goods, which are sure to be in demand now.
Table Cutlery and Fresh Clean Groceries, always on hand at right prices.
OILS—Sewing Machine, Cream Separator, Cylinder and Heavy Machine Oil—wc sell the best.
O
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
The Globe, at last, recognizing the hoplessnesa of the Ross administration attempting to carry on the government of the province of Ontario, would ko much pleased to see the Conservatives agree to a coalition government. It's views in this behalf, however, are hardly likely to | Also a stock of !>e acquiesced in. A substantial majority of the electors of Ontario have decided that they have had enough of the “machinists, and Mr. Whitney and his follow em would be untrue to their pledges if they agreed to any compromises. As an esteemed contemporary very aptly remarks : “The Ross coon must come down.
MACFARLANE BROS.
—with n full line of—
SMART & SMITH.
Sylvester machinery
o
o
P. S.—Mill Teeth.
ADAMS* WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES. DOWSELL'S WASHERS, WRINGERS and LEADER CHURNS.
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL !
CLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS
fjlCH CLASS AND MEDIUM
Ware-rooms next door to D. McRae's shop.
t present Canada exporta about $1,.
(MX) cords of pulp wood to the United States for which she receives $3,500,000.
If an export duty was imposed, necesai taring the manufacture of this wood into I>aper in Canada, and then exported, it is estimated that about $30,000,000 would I p* Se" Hay Fo^k*. l>e expended here for lat>or and material.
Why this is not done seems unaccountable seeing that Canada lias practically
nopoly of pulpwood, and outsiders,	###	M
whether they liked it or not, would be Public Notice is hereby given that the W0 WflJlt Hal'd Milling WllGRt Rlld CRH pOV tll£
country, to build up foreign industries day the 0th day of October next.* 1002. and give employment to alien laborers.	* W. W. IRELAND.
This question constitutes one detail of I	Sec.-Treaa.
the tariff question which the Liberals could remedy with credit to themselves and great practical advantage to the country.
At
FURNITURE.
000,
A Call Solicited.

Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
R. J. HAMILTON.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No, sir !
Public Notice.
a mo-
---o
JAMES WILSON.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
StrayJVIare.
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned on 1st September, a dark bay mare wit h white star in forehead. Owner may have the same by proving property ana paying expenses.
WM. CURLEY.
Ragged Chute.
ANNUAL EXHIBITION

Mr. Tarte on the Exodus.
Co. Pontiac \g. Society No. 1,
Hon. J. Israel Tarte deals a crushing blow to the claims of the government, that the exodus from Canada to the United States ha* ceased. At the Montreal Board of Trade banquet to Premier Barton, Mr. Tarte stated that emigration the curse of Canada. At Duluth found one tenth of the population of f h a » city u made lji »f C**iaJnus from Ontario.
THE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
Choice
Fall
Shawville
Que
For Sale.
*
•9
WAS
50 voung pigs for sale, at f 1.23 each. One half the number ready for deliver) now ;
remember in two weeks.
Apply to E. GRAHAM,
Klmside.
he
SEPT. 30th, and OCT. 1st, 1602.
¦pFroni the province of Quebec 1,000.000 persons have made their homes in the United 8 at « s, instead, as Mr.
Tarte puts it, 44 of remaining here where they would have remained good Canadian
and good British subjects. ” Thousands I The Lieutenant Governor in Council has of young men continue to join the ranks been pleased by an order approved on the of our departed eons, and Eastern Can- ! &%h °f August, 1002, to authorize the ada is steadily feeling the drain. The School Commissioners of Clarendon, Coun
"hl0!°n“c\rthetn	of New Brunswick ^d°,
is I t ing depopulated by the departure of I nicipality, the proceeds of the sale to pav its people for points across the border, the cost of the new building. Art. 2$f of There they seek employment in the fac- l,lP School Law.
tories from which we bought $70,000,000 L Thl‘i Yîi(i SHl?	P>cc Rt the
be turned ana employment provided at the School Law. Terms, cash, home for our own flesh and blood, but I	É5UGH MATHESON,
the cabinet, with the exception of Hon. | Shawville, Sept. 8th 1902. Sec. Trens.
Israel Tarte,	give l&mentdÊÈÉNWÈÊÊÊAAÈMNN^g
able conditions more than a passing thought.
Goods
now coming in
Sept. 17, W2.
FACTORY
SPECIAL PRIZES.
In addition to the regular list of Prizes the following Specials are offered :
Auction Sale.
(Formerly McCredie & Hodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business. The St&rkcs Corners
Cheap Cash Store.
SIL\ ER CL P -George J. Bryson, Kt*q., ofTere n Handsome Silver Clip to tlie farmer and farmer s wife, sister or daughter of the same household, who takes the greatest number of first prizes at this Exhibition, the cup to be won three years jn succession before becoming the property of winner.
SILVER MEDAL—The Carling Brewing and Malting Company of Ottawa offer a Silver Medal for the Best Dressed Farmer's Waggon, laden with the products of the Farm.
CASH PRIZE—Mr. F. A. Parker. Manager of the Merchants Bank. Shawville, offers a prize of $.>.<)() for the best 10 pound crock of Butter-the winning exhibit to become the property of the donor of the prize.
DIPLOMA—The Eastern Ontario Dairymen's Association offers n Diploma for the best exhibits in the following classes : Creamery—(1) 56 pounds butter in square box ; (2) 10 one pound packages butter ; (8) best display of butter. Cheese—(l) white cheese weighing not less than 60 pounds ; (2) colored cheese weighing not less than 00pounds.
DASH SPECIALS—The Society offer cash prizes of $4.00, $3.00 and $2.00 for a pen of three Bacon Hogs, it Mng understood that in view of receiving special prizes from the George Matthews Company of Hull, that they be substituted instead of the above.
AT
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, TII E PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
•till talxs unshaken in the place of power. The Langelier faction which in Quebec disputed his will is no longer hesrd of. The Letollier c ub, which voiced the
him in Montres!, has coes-
A full stock of Doors, Saab, Mould-
inrs,Turnings,Bte.,winb«kept [Groceries always fresh
on hand and Custom Work don# aa usual.
CASH SPECIALS—Mr. Henry Gatehouse, 816 Dorchester Street. Montreal: attbeAghast'mark	best^Mfatted Chickens, and will buy
The^Socieh, offers special prizes of $1.00. 76c. and 30c. for the best pair of live
Rotton totte Core. , opposjtion to
7e. r converted . deficit of $500,000 into	Pretend"* to ch.nge bis
of Hon. H. R. Etumerson, whose share* alon INewe in the theft of a letter from an Intercolonial employee reinstated him in Mr.
Blair’s good graces, Mr. Russell was requested to retire. The transaction is a disgraceful one. It shows how rotton the
system is, and proves beyond a doubt „ ^ ,6nni» &*pt. 10.—Stn>ational revels that the prime object of Mr. Blair end Doom as to the alleged true feelings of his associates is to make it the strongest j!'0 Boor leaders are made m today’s factor in the Liberal "machine. " No ? ^mdenblatt, which ha* procured the wonder the Intercolonial costs the people information " from • distinguished Aus-of Canada millions each year, when **ian who haa 'mown them ail intimately political subeervence is placed before per- for	resided in Pre
— ™th “d	•	I *lLtiS!2 *Hm th.t I» their
hearts the Boers detest the British as much as ever. The Boer leaders share these feelings and cherish intentions of revenge.
____	Botha, for instance, says this authority
interior supported by the press of the has announced that he will train his Liberal party in Ontario and the West, children and grand children, when he to read the Hon. J. Israel Tarte out of g@&a them, to hate the British aa pitiless the party, because of hie pronounced and berbaroue tyrants. The Freraden-Tory proclivités on the subject of the re | blatt’e informant declares that any idea vision of the Tariff.—Alexandria G’e j-
and select.
ROBERT C. ROBBINS.
SILAS YOUNG.
PROGRAMME:
First Day—All Exhibits in Classes 17, 18, 19, S>0, 21, 22, 23, 24, 26, 28 and 29 are to be in their proper places in the Hall not later than 12 o'clock noon, when the doors will be closed and judging will commence at 1, p. m. The Hall will be opened to the public at 8, p. m., when music and speeches will be given. Admission 10 cents.
--O’ —  ¦
Second Day—All Stock and Implements will
quire to be on the Ground not later than 9, judging to commence at 10, a. m. open all day. A Grand Parade of prize-winning horses and cattle will take place at 4, p. m. All exhibitors who do not take part in the parade will forfeit their prizes.
Expert Judges have been procured. Good Dining* Hall on the Grounds. Brass Band will be in attendance.
Here it is I iSHAWVIllrs
I W NEW
The Place
SASH and DOOR
Alleged Boer Feelings.
IT IL SAID THEY I HKRI3H FEE LIN (.8 OF
BiVENOl.
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
re-
a. m., The Hall will be
In connection with my former buai-new I have just placed In position » set of flint-claim machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Roofing and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BÏ0S
The Tarte-Siffcon Row.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
There is a grim irony in the attenpt now being made by the minister ef the

I- or which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
Thanking my many customers lor their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future In crease in business.
ADMISSION :
Adults, 25 Cents
Children, 10 Cents.
of genuine reconciliation between the British and Boer is absurd.
r declares on the same author-Kaflirs are preparing a vast
gar nan.
Whatever may be J. Israel Tarte’# I The pape faults he never forgets to remind people ity that the
that he is still alive.—-Montreal Gazette, uprising that msy exterminate civilisation Not many will venture to predict the in South Africa. The British, he con afcoome of the division which is now eludes, are criminally weak and foolish in ¦taring readers of the newpapers In the governing the natives, who constitute the |	JOHN YOUNQ
face. It will be remembered, that Mr. most difficult problem in the new col-Tarte has met revolts before, and that he I onies.	Ti
tzr PRIZE LISTS and Entry Forme may be had on application to the Secretary, with whom all entries for the Exhibition must be made In writing not later than 8 o’clock, p. m. on Friday, Sept. 26th.
el
_ Shawville.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
I JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
E. GRAHAM, '
Sec.-Treas., Elmside.
President, Bristol.
,



###PAGE###5###


THE EQUITY,
:
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Men’s Shirts, Ladies' Blouses, etc., take a finer and more lasting finish— with less Ironing Bee Starch is used.
Two Special Attractions.
The Shawville Exhibition, Tuesday and Wednesday, Sept. 30 and Oct. 1st.
... AND
A grand display of Ladies’ Jackets and tyens’ Ready-to-wear Suits and Overcoats at
G. F. Hodgins’.
* W**Wy Journal dtvotod to loom! Interwte.
rPRLISHBD KVBRY TUVK8DAY
ÀTN SHAW VILLE. Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
t 8U88C/tlPriON—$î. 00 A YEAR IH ADVANCE.
No paper «topped until all erreeregee are paid, unie## by «peolal arrangement with the publisher.
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Booms.
when
A. SMILEY, Prop.

4
!Oi


ADVERTISING RATESi
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one inch Inserted it $4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cente per line for first insertion and r> cents for subsequent insertions
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices p limbed free ofehargd. Obituary poetry to cents per line.
The
I
4
Ml
Perrin
9
SïarcH
Suikey
v
ub-
Requircs no boiling — Iron cannot stick to the linen with BEE STARCH.
FRFF A set of three Patent Fist r.I rose, nlckelled, In ex
eXv:£JT 6h b"-
BEE STANCH CO.. MONTREAL .
Perfection Brand
Plow.
JOB PRINTING
é?
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
We have placed into stock this week a very attractive and well-selected Stock of “ Union made " Clothing for men and boys. Our buying powers are far-reaching, so much so that we find an open door to every prominent market, which makes possible such traordinary low prices for good " Union made " Tailored Clothing.
These Plow*, made in several numbers, are adapted to many natures of soil, but are all fitted with the same adjustment# and carriage#. The weight both of the plow and the driver is borne on wheels with dust proof bearings and the strain on the horses is less than with any walking plow doing the same work.
The action and work of the plow is controlled entirely by the driver without leaving hie seat or stopping hi# team, and any man, woman, boy or girl who can drive a team can do more work in a day than an experienced plowman can do with any Walking or any other Riding Plow, and do it a# well.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Business Cards.
ex-
CEO. HYNES,
MEDICAL.
DR.
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE
FURNITURE DEALER AND | Overcoats.
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVTLLE, - - QUB.
Every Plow is provided with a Spring Lift and adjustment# for regulating by Lever the width and depth of furrow and lay of the sod, adjustable lock fur striking out and finishing up land, etc
at the new house built by James Cuthbertson, opposite the Exhibition grounds.
MAIN ST., EAST.
M At home—Monday, Wednesday aud Sat unlay afternoons. Telephone lu office.
We're able to do exceptionally well for you in Mens’ Overcoats, both for fall and winter wear, a large stock of the new makes to choose from. Prices very low.
A. SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, H. D., C. H.,
À large, well-selected and varied stock of
Ladies’ Jackets.
C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate | Ï urniture always on hand, at prices : of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
Ornes akd RtHiDian : J. H AaMtTiwvo’a Horae, | fM UNDERTAKING MAIN 8TRKET • - BHAWVILL1
J. F. Gronaus,
Ladysmith
to suit all classes.
Besides showing an extensive range of imported Jackets, we have also placed into stock an attractive assortmennt of Canadian-made garments. Our Jacket sales so far have been very active. We advise an early call.
You’ll see our display at its best between now and Exhibition days. Come !
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the moat elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
)
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of every week. Office at R. McG. Ritchie's residence
Headquarters for
District and Country.
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
BOORBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
In well informed circles Sir C. A. P.
Pelletier ia mentioned aa the next Lieut-enant-Oovtraor <f Quebec. Lieut-Oov-ernor Jett» retiree next yesr.
..	^ A A MO I c	I Th* Anglican Synod while in seaaion in
W M .	(3 A IVI DLt, | Montreal wae visited by a deputation
from ill» Presbyterian General Assembly which was heartily received.
The keel of the arctic exploring ship Canada, under Captain Bonier, will AT SHAW VILLE EVERY MONDAY. I probably bo laid on the St. Lawrence ----—-------------------------------- River within a month.
QPQ ft WRIGHT. The people ufMelrose, near Belleville.
ADVOOATC, .A.m.TEE, .0,	I
of thk province of qüKBEC, j near future.	for the erection of a brick mill ahd an ^ the St. Anthony Lumber Co., of
Whitney, Ont.
BRYSON,
ADVOCATE
G.F.HODGINS
FALL 1902-3.
# #
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
ADVOCATE, Ac.,
Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks St., Ottawa, Ont.
Office
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
Mr. Alphonse Oow, of Doughs*, waa | ironclad elevator 'th* w'n •• r • f the gold medal et tile 0
Trust Building—
48 Sparks Street. Ottawa
The last of the lim'ti owned l.y the 0‘Uwa coal dealers ere pmetlcalty uni awa ran in i.id u*»< time be or y cheese I Muuro Estate, those mi the Jucko river Sti,M >U1 in (he op mon that a coal famii.e 1 he uiedai sat donated by Mr. L. Kidd. uear Mattawa, have been sold to Alex- imminent and that the supply of coal
Tiioma* Cisik, one of the Lest-known auder Fraser of Ottawa for $225.000.— in the city will soon be exhausted, farine:» in C lcheater S-uth, near Wind- Pembroke Standard.	From information gathered from the
W, died of gtuf because his n<,n had left his farm to work a firm for himself.
Phone No. 132*.
Attend* courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
J. P. 8RMTATT ..	.. LADYSMITH.
W. W. IRELAND,
Evening Journal the coal supply at Ottawa at beet can only last until December lat. And it will only be the most careful husbanding that it will be made to hang out till then.
The municipal authorities of Gitineau About two hundred mon are	engaged	Point are about concluding an agieement
making extensive excavations	for the	with the Ottawa Electric company for the
One half of the potato crop of New	pulp and paper mills at Sturgeon Falls	lighting of that village Heretofore the
York Stae will be totally ruined seethe	which will coat two ends hslf	million	streets have keen in dai knees at night
result of the blight. The wet weather is dollars when complete, will employ 250 while the kerosine cil lamp hay been follOWS hold respomb’e for the result.	hands inside, and will have an out-put of the household illuminant. Arrangements
A widow named Richer, aged 82 years,	*25 tone of paper per day.	are being made for the installment of an	SPENCER REPEATER. 7 Shot, 56 Cal., Rim	Fire
has just married at St. Main, Que., os	M n	incandescent system providing some 600	SHARPS	SINGLE	SHOT.	56	Cal.,	Rim	Fire. .
her fourth husband a man named Auger, . ,.r\ 7e0*	nan hia granary struck lamps. Anew pumping station, inci- SHARPS CENTRE FIRE, 50 Cal.,.
aged 84, who has already buried two ,,*htnl?l during the storm of Tuea- dentally providing accomodation for the wive,.	d.y morning, fortunately the building ?iUsge fire appliAace, is also to be
did not catch on fire and the damage was erected.
«IühEs SSsBxBSIS^^sWIlSttssiî^rr Kirclmnts’ ' '
ImSW'5	EStSsSSivFi Desirable Farm Property
may have to turn in and help each other, extension of the Ottawa, Northern & force of Seneca Indians. The ceremonies	Frt r Quip
as the only solution for the present Weetem railway state that the line will attending the unveiling of the tablet were	r Ur valCa
difficulty in obtaining a sufficient number be pretty well graded through to the somewhat elaborate. The program was Th llndprsimpd deMirf.M tj0 thp- -
11 of h.rveiteri.	Deaert in a couple of month.. That pert «ranged by the Ni.g.r. Frontier Lend-	“Lted
v a AnrioriAn _i„ J of the work w no" practically completed mark association. The tablet itself was In the Township of Litchfield; two miles fiTTfiWA NflRTHFRII Z WFQTP8IÉ
Kef. E. A. Andenon, former.y of the M far as four milse north of the Blue the gift of the Niagara Gorge Railroad from the village of Bryson, and intersected	A, nUnincnfl ot Wtolcnff
Ï l^Ja0t 8* Lake. A heavy rock formation, at Company.	by both roads leading to Portage du Fort ! v
=*	— "i" ™»
ÏLto.*1 “k?.,";™iti5££	M.. B. j. au»* u*», .1. » »»•"•	"» “jiï SXSSSgVK No. ». Summer Time Card.
of the largest mills in England, which P^or, has a big suit on hand against the	father ok a oirl basy.	name range, containing 100 acres, and
HsfecssseryLd.	.,„r>,r ssaswafip“| °' *¦"Dw- *AawAr-
Arnurlor firm, in behalf of a Michigan P‘-P,ter,bur* the correspondant there! Also South Ea«t Half of Lot No. 21 in + Train No. 101 leaves Ottawa 5.05 P.M. An account of a bad accident com" lumber firm for ao.tated demagee, % °^he U.ily Mail relate# that the com- !*">e ran8e, confuting principally of bush ,	+ Train No. 10* arrives “	8.25 A.M.
=Sss€y=s5fSHKS&3 : =£
ODlTVIIir n hed to get through a w|re fence to pump the Michigan firm, but according to dered thst ,he ,slher ol 8lrl baby h, well adapted for dairy purposes. The 1 Train No. 106 leaves "	1.30 AM
ÙDA ÏÏ ! lliLli, V. the water trough he tied the line# around the p,moit. last year’, contract wa. not horn In the dielrict .hell receive OOetrokee owner's reason for selling Is his family.	No loe arrive|< 8 00 P M
---------------- hiiweut When the watergujhed down entirely fulfilled and nothing ha. been ,,th the knout Several men, aay. the For terms and particulars apply to	'	. * *
. fm.pf Shawvillfl ‘he spout the animal, to,k fright and done thie ysar. Should this .ait proceed I curre,pondent, have already been knout-1	J. H. CHAPMAN. t -5- Train No. 107 leaves	6.30 A.M.
Æ? I Ol lK	„	' ran away. The M wee draggwl through ita cpncln.ion it will be a picnie for the el onjer thù ruling.	|	Bryson. Que. | f 4 Train No. 108 arrives “	0.45 PM.
ffm	Mwjne.	the wire fence and horribly torn by .the lawyets lt |eMt. Wealthy men are the
I	A til 1 Meets the 4th Wednse* barl e*	litigants.
! ' vW Iff I day of every month. | |	-=— “	— | ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦	¦ ¦ ¦	¦ ¦ ¦
¦/Court dwes mail be paid	A Big Lumber Deal.	Mr. Henry J. Mums, a pioneer settler, heavy rains tor 3 pays follow i no w*t
I nt jjKr , romp >eve,ym<>	——	, i	died at his homestead, Pine Grove, sc iimrr, havi pkovrd serious.	London, Sept. 11.—A despatch to the
”	w Visitl ne brethren oor- A transaction which will cause quit# a Drum bo, Saturday, Sept. 6, in his 80th	—	Tiroes from Melbourne ssys that the Vic-
diaiiy invited.	i« Ottawa valley lumber circles wai year. He was the founder of the village New York, Sept 12.—A special cable tonsn ministry has been defeated in the
H S.	Barnett, F.B conceded last week when Frederick W.	of Drumbo, end many position# of trust	to the Herald from London	says Ac	legislative assembly by a	vote of 44 to 33
,If8e 0	R	Powell of the Rideau Lumber Company	in municipal life have been filled by him.	cording to reporte from all parts < f Eng-	on » vital clause of the retrenchment bill, + }>;;! T «cept Sunday.
,_____...-	sold to the Pembroke Lumber Company He was also a warm confidential friend land, the heavy rains of the last three which 'vdncee the salaries of public L s.;lM,l>|.,}a\'	'* u,,1'l> arld ‘ U1^
HAWVILLB	a limit on the Kippewe. The financial of Sir. John A. McDonald, serving as days, coming on top of an exceptionally servants. The ministers will appeal to Sunday onlvi
___	o nsidoration is very huge, some 1	.............$	¦	¦ g| ¦ ¦ Ml	11----- ----------- *v	"
K^HAVING PARLOR, the neigliborhoW of 9350,000	J. I
limit was purchased about two years ago rebellion was a member of the commision rUm staring them in the face JOHN SMITH, Proprietor. frvm the Bronson Lumber ComDinv. ! sent out to settle the claims against the I	.avan-Iv Th* UnH
1	V r	Last season Mr. Powell took off the limit government caused by the rebellion, dueed to a quagmire. In some places of parliament. The fsetorive act, which
a raft of square timber and about 700,000 Later Mr. Muma was sent to Pontiac to	water is now standing among the	wheel,	it s temporary statute, ?x pi res shoitly,
feet board meeewre of eawlogs. A rumor act in conjunction with Mr. Joseph Ann,	___ and consequently the decisions of the
i# also current that Mr. Ned Moore of	in settling claims for submerged lands	wages board, fixing the	wages paid in
Ottawa has sold • limit on the Black	along the Calumet Schensil, caused by	J A C Ethier, the Liberal	M. P. P.	many trades, will lapse.	This greatly inRock river to the McLaughlin Lumber the construction of the dams at Bryson	for Two Mountains, bas been	unseated	cecsee the trade unionists, who will m k.
Company of Arnprior.	and Lapasse.	for corrupt practices by agents.	common cause with the civil tenants.
A St. Thomas lid who twenty years ago stole a pig from a neighbor returned The General Synod of the Church of I a	&go to St. Thomas, acknow-
Enghnd, meeting at Montreal, has deeid- Edging his theft, and paid the son of the ed to establish a gtneral missionary | mso from whom he stole it. society to succeed the Domestic and Foreign Missionary Societies.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court. Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
Rifles.
ÇUE.
SHAWVILLE - -
S. A. MAC KAY, B.C.L,,
N0TARLÏANP^LZo*/OATNADR8YA^HE
OU., or ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON RASY TERMS. BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be In Shawville on Tuesday of every week.
We have bought a Bankrupt stock of Rifles as
Price, $8 00 Price, $5 00 Price, $8 00
o
J. J. TURNER,
McDOTTOALL & CUZNER,
The General Synod bf the Church of
Sussex St. Ottawa.
G, M. Desldsoi
PRACTICAL
’ WATCHMAKER
JEWELLER

KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OP
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
%
Government of Victoria Defeated on the Salaries’ Bill.
England's Crops Injured
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
+ Train No. 109 leave# Ottawa 3.15 P.M. + Train No. 110 arrive# 14	9.25 A M.
fl.43 A M.
• Train No. 112 arrives 44	0.35 P.M.
* Train No. Ill leave#
J. A. Cowan, It. 8.
B. W. Ho

I I I I	I I	1.1 I	warm confidential friend (and. the heavy
a lim t .»n the Kippewa. The financial I of Sir. John A. McDonald, serving as days,	on top oAHHH.,
c nsidoration is very la'_re, somewhere in j Dominien arbitrator and land valuator on wot summer,have very eeriously damaged I lh«* country foi an endorament of their I * Monday#, Wednendayn Sc Friday# only.
^ Thin I the Welland canal, and after the Reil I the crop#. Thousands of fermera find I policy. A severe struggle between
“*	. Grain has civil service and the government ie ira-
ompsny. I sent out to settle the claims against the I suffered severely. The land has been re- j pending in coneequenoe ef tb< he limit government caused by the rebellion. I duced to a ouazmire. In acme nlaces parliament. The factories
11	For ticket# or further information apply
uenoe ef the di»s< lution I*° •tattoB agent or GEO. DUNCAN,
DisL Pa##. Agent,
42 Spark* St.,
Ottawa, Ont.
The spot for—
H. B. SPENCER,
Cen. Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. R.)
OTTAWA, Ont.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
SW Your Turn next.


6118
###PAGE###6###
X -	-







'








«%*.
TH K BANFF BUFFALO
on November 7, 1885—8ve anil a
halt y Wirt before th? time allowed by	II III_	I
(ha tfirms of thj charter- the great The FelloweM* ef Nature el She !>•<•. *f I me was fini shed, and at a little halting place called Cvalgullachie. in Bri-A biography of Lord Strathrona	tbh Columbia, Mr. Donald A Smith
,huJ Mount Royal, written by Mr.	lifted a hammer and drove m the
Deckles Willson, has just been pub-	last spike of th Canadian l'acid
lisbed. In reviewing it, The London	Railway. Before nightfall of that
Telegraph says: During the reign of	eventful day Queen Victoria sent a
Queen Victoria, the greatest add!-	telegram to th) Governor-General,
fions to the Empire were Rhodesia	Lord Lansdowne, now our Foreign |lr8t to
and the Canadian Pacific Railway — Set rotary, congratulating the Cunad- I	indication of permanent hli-
the latter by bringing the great Can- *n people on this national achieve- ; m<m settlement, as a wise man who adian Northwest in touch with the mint, which her Majesty regarded as	th4, evil amj fleeth. One by one
rest of the world As "Forewords' ‘of great importance to (he whole % * forent friends depart, as windom
sssp^.'sriîçÆS: ; %%	ziin r—s % ; srâït v.
liærr
tmteci bj	I.oid	Stiatluona,	have n-	9mtth Vo.n eighty-two years ago,	elevated to the peerage, as Baron
created	to	thirty-one	while	the	jn Mou)V>hirc divides itself mainly	Strathcona, the barony following al-
nuuh at Silver Heights now nun-	these period*:	Eighteen years most immediately > i
PPtPP mmmim
"ffernl m high h« $1.-00 * he. I m0!l)b,;,h|p 01 th~ I'omimoB r.rlia-
flic Conr«tl i,..u.h in	lnvnt, construction ol the great t’*B-
adinn Railway, nmt life in Finland to Africa, at hts own cast, a Canadian High Commissioner for Canada. } i»n fores of neasly dOO mounted min.
of D#,ntId ihey were called Strathcona # liort.it.
and were known among the enemy as rnfliah Boers
NATURE’S BENEFIOBNOS.
STRATHCONA'S LIFE.
4
Lent n» Aille lu f.wknulor->*rvle#e Darius lied Ulver hebellluii-Hie r-ri
in UuiUlIng the

f 4
/gv
ibn CllT Dwellers.
GOVERNMENTS AND CITIZENS SAVING PRAIRIE MONARCHS
The fellowship of nature Is not denied to dweller» in the city, *n>» The Toronto Globe. Though It may far a way and lost In impossible
V
t

1
seem
distance, it is miUy crowding in on
long since liepmtmi, the wisest Iwing
'Ih? heaver leaves with
$
Bew the Work of Soviet Ike Settle it
Doing Doee—Seeeeet Alleedoel Cpee • he ffgTarlt l*ul Forth 1 Uiriy-Uee Now et liant! tied Ferlj-flve et Silver V- Igkte—Th# leered emd Yellowaloeo Mndt.
The animals may have
ft
V
X
/

\
iF
\
<
s
S

<3

k
JaJZZ
"Wnl, horse-«tapping ain't any more risky than marrying Yes, but yer can swap hvt*e« more'll once.” •
THE HOME TABLE.
CONSIDER THE CALVES
that nature's lamp still holds out to	—
It is not necessary to make a I K**p th# Yo#rg»i r
tirew Into <i >«U Antes!#
1 Wat I’romiso •«»
(¦(•rtitlai Heme Abaci * »>w ••
iccctilc Dellrevlcs.
Eggs should be used In us many ways
ss possible for the next two or three mouths. At 25 cents h dozen eggs are cheaper than tho better cu*i of meat, and when the labor of preparation is taken Into account they are less expensive than the cheaper cuts, especially this year, when ull meats are high In price. There Is one fundamental principle to remember when cooking eggs by themselves or In cakes and pud-dlogs, of which they are a leading ingredient, and that Is that the best re-
I	long pilgrimage to the primeval forI I	l*’1* hevottiing 05t nor to envy those Messed with j From the market reports one might
High Commissioner#	for the Domin-	| t^e	prjvclege	of « private audience	conclude that	there has been an
ion	in London. Mr.	Georgs Stephen,	,	nature in	her own home. Al- |	enoreioua wave	of calve# sweeping
his relative, had been created Huron	mo9%	within the street	car and pave-	hover the country. The maiMetd, *#-
Mount-Stephen in 18WI.	nient	radius the whole	growing year,	pecialfy those of the west, haxo oem
During the South African war Lord	from	t|1# grnt. revival	of spring life	, overstocked, so that even in the lace
Ntfathcona stripped and transported	white coverlet is spread over ! #f record breaking beef prices the
th»' sleeping earth, may	be enlivened	price# uf	cal vos aie	lower than a year
by the beauty In which	nature re-	ago. It	la dlflfcult	to bgXleve that
her youth. The flowers remain, there Is nn overproduction of calves^ and. while the boldest	bedeck the |	and the	rushing of	them tv market
fields and roadsides,	the timid	at what	appears	to be a sacrifice
It is	impôt- I	ing	a vet* biography,	this story of the	j0Og eagerly for récognition from ev- j	price cannot he	anything but butine*#
¦¦¦¦of	;	life	of one of the most successful of	orv	no0k and	* hudy corner. They |	short sight edness. rihe beef supply
which is of world wide fame, is own rd by Mr. O. K. Conrad, father of C. Il Conrad, jr., of Xencouvtr. 11.	,	,s1 thinp8t
u	J0 1 ''	- I	u k r « he Hi d '»
u 11 1	Bay Company was in the inhoSpit- j the
able v. i ds < Lab ad< sible to comprehend how n mat
yea
news
i . and ih
fm st in the world known that 800 is a fn of th* number of buffalos on the cun-tin- nt, it will be seen that Mr. Con-
ra.i(S herd of 87 find specimen, of	, ,onft Hldlired tha,	,rpm
spppi
to exterminât* tl.o valuable «n.n»l. Molt,,ftl for	Sir
M. Corned Comm,need to col ect as	g|m,.son, the coven,or of the
n„mv good «penmens as possible «nd Cl)m, ,in v Mkwl; ¦ Well, you,,, man
Msiiiai
MSB
B3HJEEr5	=~3-vtsr.iss:
EBHSpf ÜSggH slBHEK
animals accustomed for centuries to unlimited freedom. The must striking difference i* in the body between the hips and the shoulders. Th* animals raised in captivity display a shortness of body and a lack of muscle width but poorly resemble th* splendid proportions of their ancestors.
Without bcv
est ii
o.i.ir	iv	.wmr.mplM... ............ of	life <>f one of the most fucctsmiui oi	prv nook arv1 shady corner.	They	I	shortsightedness. Ibo	beef supply
the energy	ami	'harateY of Lord ' Empire-makers of the nineteenth cen-	Kwm to find protection in the	shad-	of ykv country must be	short,	alee
mmjm'	*¦.........~ma “	‘4‘ ................Ve	vol- ow of th, city, for while the thrifty such' high prices would not rule It
Hit toile graphically a story , fai mer prides himself on the dévasta-	j	Is a plain proposition that the	>ojtlg
n ell worth the telling.	tion of every so rare foot of his	broad
ttir.v to an extremely readable volume
call is fattier to the ateer, and if th# rah es are sacrificed there Is no possibility of cheaper Iwef for Kovciral year». We farmers, breeders and feeders do not want cheaper beef, for we see no more profit in the making of the beef than the maker of it deserves. As for the customers ill the cities and towns, they will have to make file beet of It, for the nation that spends nearly 1400,000,000 yearly for beverage liquors can cut down the drink bill to loop up with the butcher. But it would appear to bo good business for the raisers of calves to keep oa the farn a such calves as havo promise of growing Into good beef animals. The present scarcity of feeds will not always continue, and wheu the new crop# are available for feeding those who are desirous of making horns consumption jf home productions cue likely to find a shortage of mouths to do j suits nre reached by moderate beat for the	I*.
National Stockman
tion of every square foot of his broad acres, there is a respite in the shad-of the city, and nature is allowed to resume her activities.
A suburban ramble will always disclose in the margin of forest life that serins to have escaped between the builder on the one side and the far-on the other, enticing little
SALMON IN THOUSANDS.
ow
An Ides of the Orrai FUh Jaduetrj amd
<?
t
mer
spots where the proximity #f a great oTgregaticn of struggling humanity can be forgotten, nnd a few hours of real life can be rnjoyed in peace. In the.se places the wild flowers seem to call the stroller away from the cities and summer resorts. They have new attractions to present daily. The delicate blosrom* of early spring. the hepatiens and dog-tooth violets, the squirrel corn, blood root, spring beauty, and that whole tia»n of early debutantes have disappeared, but u more vigorous and more aggrea-sixcly handsome company have taken their place. The downy convolvulus, with its great, delicate, white bell, and sturdlly-kafed stalk, is now in flower. The yellow bloseouis of the rock rose, the rich, blue lobes of the gentians, the blue stars of the chicory, the delicate pink flowers and pretty foliage of the dog-bane, the imposing hues of the wild orange lily, the tall, pin'.-purplc spires of the great, willow herb, are now among th) common offerings of suburban fields, nnd a score of more retiring flowers are waiting quietly in out-of-the-way nooks to greet their inquiring friends. The goldon-vods are already showing their distinctive hue, nnd the loose strife, intricately handsome in loliagc and flower, is marking tha courses of the rush-choked streams. The dogwoods are «bedding their white masses of diminutive flowers, and the yellow spangles arc disappearing from the hush honeysuckles. The rewards ot an hour in the suburbs avo infinite, while the returns from the days striving in the city are uncertain. "Loaf and invite your soul," says the Foot of Democracy, and the real world has many blessings for the devotees who live the philosophy of this mandate.

Z


OF Ta* MASON
DXL1CAC1
(

McSpcrran in i g |ongCr period than by great beat for
a short time.
The basket shown has eight eggs In (U|it. which, as they were all large, made 0f sheer weighed Just one pound. The fuel and
Cowne Per Girl Graduates.
Dainty	re
French mulls, mousseline de sole, j nutritive values of a pound of eggs are point d'esprlt, organdie, dotted swias : higher than those of most varieties of and also of fine pcrslau nnd India | fl$h and about the same as veal, lawns
A soft each of wide ribbon, with twe short loops nnd long ends falling almost to the bottom of the dress at (be back. Is a charming accessory with the commente meut dress, whether It be mnde of silk or a dainty lace trim-wed wash fabric.
Sleeves in elbow length will be extremely popular this season, and there Is no more becoming style provided the wearer's arms are plump and dim pled. The shirred or puffed sleeve, with lace frill reaching over the baud,
1# suggested for the girl less favored better be removed before the edible
portion la cooked, as this part Is likely to be strong or bitter in flavor.
Asparagus, even If slightly wilted, can be Improved by breaking off the tough ends, washing and putting the stalks upright In water for a few hours before cooking.
Few people use real intelligence about washing strawberries. Some say never wash them, forgetting the many hands they may have passed through and the long distance and eiouds of dust through which they often travel.
Often the berries are hulled, put In • colander and water from the faucet allowed to run over them. The force of the water extracts the Juice from the hulled berries, and any sand there may be Is liable to be left with the lower
Some of the fishermen have alAs Government Commis- ready started south for t Praam
up
At 75 cents a bunch asparagus le • luxury, at 25 cents It may be used sparingly and freely when It reaches the two for a quarter stage. Choose that which Is not teo fully grown. Short stalks, partly gret», on which the buds hare not, separated, are mest desirable. The large buds are better than the small ones.
Notice the broken stalks In front oi the bunch In the Illustration. There are two Inches or more which would never cook tender and which would
cm ment
•inner and a nt of the « ipany he about 20 from 'he Skeena saved the province from a racial wRr j south on the last steamer. Hump-bet ween thi French half-breeds uni ; hacks had started to run on River’s the Engli h settlers, nnd it was pursuit of his recommendation that Co’on-d Garnet (now Lord) Wolseley was sent on the Red River expedition in 1870, which without bloodshed quashed the revolt interest hire to recall that two young officers who took part in that excellently organized movement were ,11,000; Standard, 9.000; Mill Bay, Capt. (now Sir) Redvers Duller and . 8.500, end Naas harbor the same, Lieut, (now General Sir William) Jng » total of 17,000 cases for
the two Naas river canneries. Frin-
n Inlet, and the earners were beginning to accept thorn from fishermen, together with sockeyes. The pack of Inverness amounted to 12,000 cases; North Pacific had 17,000; British It is of American 17,000; Aberdeen. 14,000;
Balmoral, 9,000; Peter Herman’s, 10.000; Carlisle. 11,000; Claxton,
The wildest and probably the largest herd of buffalo on the American continent is that which roams at will th ough, the vast expanse of terri- j tory, the Yellowstone National Park, in Wyoming, much of which is rarely ever visited by man.
This herd, once so numerous, has j been sadly decreased in number until now it is not though: that it i numbers more than fifty. They range j m the remote corners of the park, where no one but scouts and poachers see them, and it is, of course, impossible to keen accurate count of ; ih*m. . On rare occasions, however, the herd winder down the road, |
sew vwtxs •	i
not uULdo l* nature On one ocea- Na|li!lbuilt mainly with capital .,on m the sea'on of 1800. «he herd	, Amsterdam. Mr. Domilrt
emerged from «h.- woods on a hill- jg,0„h	h m,nl| with Mr.
«.dj not far from the Lower (.ey«er j j	ylU- ,r.tf American railway
Basin, and becoming alarmed at a
stage coach, which happened along, d.vhed down tha hillside, scaring the horses, which overturned the coach, j This herd of buffalo formerly rang- i ed mostly In Hayden Valley, and n few years ago a huge corral was constructed there and hay cut and stacked in the hope that rorne of them might become corralled and become i somewhat domesticated, but the experiment utterly failed, Very few buffalo were even seen, but tho elks, which are very plentiful in the very wid-3 domain of the park reaped a rich harvest and devoured all the hey.

Butler
Lord St rath coiui saw at once that cess Royal was reported to have 15,-fov that fertile province 0f Manitoba 000; Lowe Inlet had 4,000; and at
Alert Bay the pack was small River's In el the Brunswick cannery had 14,000
Wannock, 10,000; Wadham's, 16.000; It is pleasant to sue- and River's Tnlet. 12,000. On Friday the fishermen of the Alert Bay cunnery took 2,600 sockeyes in the Nimpkish river In one haul of their seine nets."
In this respect
Flounced sud ruffled skirts are exceedingly becoming and are admirably adapted for the development of a beer goods.
White silk or Hale hose nod white kid or suede slippers are fitting choices, though they may be replaced with black lacy home and patent leather slippers in colonial style with a buckle.
White suede or glace kid gloves may be warn or lace mitts. A white gnuse fau may either be carried in the hand or suspended from a rope of pearls worn around the neck.—Delineator.
and the great territories beyond to be open d up. and for the Pacific region to be welded into tho Dominion, a 1	ntal rail wax must be
constructed ed where all th* authorities have predicted failure, Tho first step towards the main end in view was the purchase of a bankrupt undertaking,
On
Good Hope, 12.000
Th* Cnee f*r C*b»<U
Mr. Thomas Hodglns, tho Mastrr-in-Chancery, has an article in the Contemporary Review, which Is a sharp answer to a long scries of hostile American criticism on the Alaskan boundary question. It >s almost needless to say that Mr. Hodgins*
. article bears the marks of extensive ' research, and the material ho 04 * *o authoritatively could only have been drawn from original sources. We venture to guess, says The Toronto Star, that the learned Master-in Chancery put the British Museum library and the official correspondence between Washington and Lon don under large contribution before he wrote this story. Nothing short of strict accuracy In facts andicas-onablcness in deduction would suit a precise mind like his. Mr. Hodglns article on the Alaskan question iu, of course, pro-Canadian, but it is quite as logical as it Is zealous. He has based his linn of argument cu ths official corrosponden %.e, and hie law is entirely on American presents, so that the American adversary is largely conviotod out of his own mouth. Urging arbitration in the Alaskan boundary, he tripe Uncle Sara up with the uncompromising utterances of President Olevol.-ind, when	&nd, whon ycr
he was demanding that Great Brit- i^cauiut. any rascality, do it on nin arbitrate the Venezuelan bound- Hcnch, whai yer um uthomt*!’*
Canadian* Should Slay at Horn*.
'I h ' industrial condition of the United States is not what it was twenty or even ten years ago
SiililEipi
«will
^ the labor market and been a powerful fact or in lowering wages From Italy alone about 1,500 immigrants are arriving every week at the port of Boston, while probably double that number land at New York, Philadelphia, and southern coast cities. These people etui live in luxury on wages that would drive an American to the poorhous*. . The supply of laborers is therefore greater than the demand and much distress consequently exists, My advice to the young men and women of Canada is: Stay .at home! Their opportunities are better there at the present time than they are here - President Uphaui of Boston, Mass., Canadian Club.
J J M'S ADVICE.
Jim Webster was brought up fore a western judge for fowl steal-
•it
layer of fruit	* *
Rather have a pan of water and put In a few berrl?* at n time, rinsing esch slightly as u Is taken up to remove the bull. The bcrfles float, and the sand will svttlo to the bottom of the pan, end, as the hull Is not removed till the berry Is lifted from the water, nc juice can be lost A gentle shake a# the berry Is removed from the water disposes of the superfluous moisture.— American Kitchen Magazine.
ing
After tho evidence had been given the justice, with a perplexed look,
said:
"But I do not understand, Webster, how it was possible for you to steal those fowis wiien they were roosting right under the owner's window and there were two vicious dogs in the yard."
"It wouldn't do ycr a bit of good, jedge, for me to ’splain how I cotch-ed deni chickens, for ycr couldn't do it y e;self if yer tried H forty times, nnd yer might get yer hide full of buckshot. De best way for you to do, jedge, is fur yer to buy yer thicker* in de market, like uder
wants ter
railway isn't dead," he said
traveler isn't dead when ho sits down
by the wayside to rest: and yon and
I, m.v friend, will he riding on the
Canadian Pacific within ten years." •
4dventure With »n Angry Eagle.
Frank Ecgg, of Messrs. Wood; Valla nee, jLeggutt & Co., the Cordova street hardware firm, had a rather exciting experience at Buccaneer Bay yesterday. On Sunday last, in company with Jack Garden, of Thurlow street, Mr. Begg took in th; excursion to Buccaneer Bay, and while strolling about tho shore lost a $20 gold piece. He dW not learn of his loss until he reached home. Monday morning ho left on the Cassiar for the bay to Took for his lost gold. After about half an hour s careful search he found the coin, and then proceeded to roam about the place untrl the arrival of th*
Comox en route eo Vancouver. He was passing thro a
thicket when suddenly he was startled by a strange noise above him and upt,n look up saw an immense eagle *woop.'n#, own upon him. Mr. Pcgg picked up a stick and dealt the bird a blow over the head. Lut it had littbi or no effect. The eagle came at him again. A second blow made the eagle more wary, out it elided about him lor some time. Mr. Begg believes that ho was near the eagle's ntet. Ho is telling his friends about bjs experience to-day, nnd says he would not go through it again even foi » #3* gold piece.—Vauoou-ver World,
Fashions and Faeries.
Many toques have a point In front
Batiste parasols are ethereal affairs.
Black crepe de chine makes a dressy and useful bodice.
A set (stock, belt and fob) for "tub" dresses is the newest thing with smart people.
A becoming touch of pale blue appears on many gowns.
Dotted foulards are all the rage.
Sashes and coattails are growing In Importance.
Diamond shaped appliques of lace lead in elegant garnitures.
Fine, clear meshes art , «opulsr In veils.
"b fIon was fulfilled almost
to the letter.
Two men believed in the great project; they were Mr. Donald Smith and « relative of his, Mr. Stephen (now Lord Mount Stepli nj, then a director of the Bank of Montreal.
'J hey became the heads of a Syndicate for executing iho contract, and "were both obliged to pledge their private fortunes to prevent the work from censing."
Tho meetings of the Omclian Pacific Hallway directors were sometimes
amusing in those days. " I he board ^	, .. . „
of what is now the greatest railway There is a marked difference in tho ;n th* world used to meet ar.d dis- I Proportion the sexes bear to each cuts th» tightness of the money mar- other o the different provinces of ket with very biank faces. Curing Canada, due to conditions that are out* of these	es. sir Smith	1er* to*	I-roni the west
is said to have entered briskly. When «tstword ’he following shows n.afio aware of the situation, he In- division by geographical arrange-ManUy moved an adjournment, ‘It I ment:	L
.h clear we want money.’ he re marked, dryly. ‘We can't mise it among ourselves |	I
tomorrow, and report progress."
When the board met on the following

de
ary
Mr. Ilodgint* argument not only flatters our patriotism, but satisfies our reason with its judicial perspfeu-lle has condensed his plea most adroitly, and marshalled his facts strongly. It answer* adequately articles from the American standpoint, which have appeared within the last th**ee years in the Fortnightly, the Geographers* Magazine, and the At-htnf !
larly with ex-Secretary Foster's and Dr. Mendenhall's arguments, which
ARM IN ARM WITH A TIGRESS
It is related of Sir Edward Bradford, the chief police commissioner of London, that he once walked arm in arm, so to speak, with a tigress. He was out shooting, and, always a fearless sportsman, had come to close quarters with his quarry. He fired, and cither the ball failed to Mr. Hodgin* deals particu take effect or but slightly wounded
% .4,T,.	.	si T- ** •	""
were perhaps the strongest presented bow. The pain must have been ter-	n millinery,
for the American Interpretation ol rible, but Sir Edward kept cool,-and, i Whole bits covered with popples nro the boundary treaty.il '£	realizing that it would be death to j handsome end striking.
drag hie mangled low her to spring afresh at him

tty
Men and Women In Canada
the
Mai#. Female. Te et
86,372	16,437	52,700	MMMi H	I III	¦¦	I
«.478	176,637	Papa—Ts the teacher	satisfied with	Mbcratvly walked	a few agonizing
you? Toby—Oh, quite Papa- Did pnccfl until hifl comrade Was able to he tell you so? Toby— Yes after a takc ft1m and k,n ^ brute. Thus close examination he said to me the **'s courage mved his life, though it her lay, “If all my scholars were thc imputation of his arm at the like you, I should shut up my school shoulder proved necessary, this very d; That shows that I I
know enough.—Rydggy ?o#k end | A Country Jounyü* -	7g*
Even linen and tailor made frocks are
he 1 # mas* of Intricacies.
Unorganized ter
tltory..
Let us come bark [ British Cotumblal24,160
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I Northwest Terri- ._
tories .. i E	, Manitoba
day the members had each the same]Ontario ..
story of failure to tell, until it came to Mr. Smith s turn another miHisn.' he said, slowly. It
g**ae*e**™ii
At last
Mte Teselier Wee Sells fled

87,4°,H 71.608 MS, 406	116,707
1.006,©8 1,066.304 2.182,666 «4.4*4	«24.444	1,646,168
168,451 ftl «Mi 51,300 233.643	226,682	456,754
AIM,70# ^616,806 6,1081»
at
040
211
# e

Thc biggest laundry ki Lcndnn has seven miles of drying lines, ad under cover. 80.000 pieces ran J* tiuUU-1 dried at ones in the space »t ball an
to,1

Si 120
Brunswick 168.050 F. R. lihMABB Not* Scot!»”
I have raised
single pair of rabbit# can t m Tour year» to 1,360, ueO,
or a bit
will iiarry us
6 *•

spent we will raise more,
»Ts


###PAGE###7###


- ^





-------------
BIO REWARDS FOR TRIFLES.
PERSONAL TIT-BITS.
ing an# ro-croesing tho rivor, blamed us in each note for the sport wo
And wo Oiled with coaster-
A TRIP FULL OF PERILS.
Five Hundred Dollars for Finding
a Watch Charm.
About Sow
Notes of Interest	I
Prominent People*
! iulled
in	with	oi
littlo ones, too young to fly. They Thc biggest reward ever given for wore paddling in a broad pool not a thing not intrinsically worth a far (ton. our camp when we up- penny changed hands when Clements proaclied. The mother wen. scud- Markham, the "Diamond King," reding down stream, the ducklings fol- covered Ills lost watch charm. He lowed fin fast as strength allowed. oWne<j a bullet which had wounded Soon the guardian of the Mock turned about and started up the river With a loud flapping of wings and angry squawks, she sailed bv at ex press speed. Poddies slapped the air as she passed.	*
We had been paddling for a mile or ##o through baby rifts and had entered a smooth patch of water that
dead
we discovered too late thc path was a fallen pine. The current challenged our best efforts. The odds were against us as they are against him who single handed fights wind and tide.
THE FADS OF QUEENS.
EXCITING CANOE RIDE DOWN GARDEN RIVER.
Probably the oldest soldier In the
I b Field-Marahai Lieutenant
¦	who,
world
Baron Bchwartz though In the ninety-sixth year of hie age, I» still on the active list of the Austrian army. He has been on oiliccr for seventy-four years v,nd » general since 1£52.
The Baroness BurdettfCoutts Is still an indefatigable worker, riflor® on top# of omnibus* j* p.
hcr house in Piccadilly at nine in the morning may frequently sco her
busy at her correspondence. She personally visits many charities m which she is interested. Is a most gonial hostess, and constant theatny goer, and a great leader.
The Era per or Mène Ilk of Abyssinia is a great temperance reformer, lie has forbidden the sale of Intoxicants in any part of his dominions, and the culprit who infringes this law is liable to the heaviest penalties. It is said that tho Emperor felt compelled to take these stringonS
by reason of the lamentable excesses to which many of hie nobles gave way.
i
Me 111er,
Royal Ladles Have Their hobbles, M irny ol Which Are Interesting nnd Unique.
A Fish Summer Resort Where the Trout Preferred Pork to
Flies.
hi* grandfather, Lieutenant Markham, in the Crimean War, and naturally set great store by it. always hung on Ms watch chain, but day It broke away and was lost, while he was trying to pass through a grout crowd of sightseer» during the late Queen's Jubilee in London Mo advertised In nearly every paper In London next day, offering $250
and
Ih the royal sort of tobogganing the fruit of much labor is a «mall m« .1 ¦! •• of it wu with our canoe ride down the
Harden River emptying Into the north passage of Lake Huron, says a writer in Now York Mail and Express. Indians and white men who go to the
headwaters, to fish and lumber, pole
after
lie
averse to sport, as she cannot hear to think of the animals, in her preserves being slaughtered. Her husband, however, shoots as much as he likes; but formerly, when the preserves wore shot over, the Queen never appeared or showed that she took the slightest Interest in the sport. Wilholmina is a beautiful needlewoman, and fond of painting, but she Is not in the least musical.
HAS MANY HOBBIES.
"To no people Is a hobby of greater necessity than to wives of reigning sovereigns, whose circumscribed | ¦ render It absolutely necessary for them to have some private cn-
iaalrn.
tjuocn Alexandra ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Interests, but her special fad is said to be phot (igrnphy a most interesting collection of photographs, taken bj hereof, of the members of her family, her favorite dogs and hersea, her chickens, and of pretty country scenes. Among the valued possessions of the Queen Is u set of china which Is ornamented by her own photographs of varl-
which have pleasant and on other
It
wild exhilaration. So
and-
one
a Canadian stream
' lives
the
interest," says The Lady's
appeared almost It was not ho, however, as
Directly In
has numerous
for the recovery of the bullet when no one replied he put the pric<* Up to $500. Three days later ex-policeman named Brooks, now lives in High Barnet, found the lost charm on the roadway in St.
James’s street, owner, who, he declared, shed tears of joy on getting the prized bullet The offer of $500 had caused
the finder even hardly believed such a sum given for an apparent .	the delighted owner
paid him at once in notes, and told the plucky finder to come to him if ever he were In difficulties.
Gladstone once lost a pocket-book in the streets of York, and advertised for It, would be given blc use to anybody but the states-himseif, but contained a budget of notes on Homer, whom Gladstone was translating was found
clerk in a York bank, and he warded it to Hawardon Castle. The 0.0 M. returned cheque for $550, baying that notes in the portfolio represented the work of a whole time, and the reward was still
¦¦¦mark, if anything. That
clerk, by the way, is now a wealthy business man 1n Manchester.
It is hard td imagine that anyone would set much store by n bad shilling, but a coin of that kind, dated in tl.e year Queen Victoria came to the throne, was regarded as a mascot, priceless in value, by the late Sir Arthur Sullivan, passed on the great composer for a genuine shilling, and, so far from being annoyed afterwards, he Glared it was the luckiest emblem he ever owned; for Sir Arthur, like many musicians and poets, was a little superstitious. He carried it about with him for ten years. and when he lost it one day at Henley Regatta he was inconsolable. He offered $50, $100 and finally $250 for its recovery; and during six weeks scores of bad shillings were attempted to be palAied off on him as thc "one and ônly/ÎJ Finally, an old man named Bowring, a retired waterman, picked it up on the low-path and took it to its owner, cciving the reward and the composer’s grateful thanks .—-London rIit-
Bits.
up It in flat boats, but we, studying the current of the stream, decided to portage around. This journey of about fifty miles occupied four days, being lengthened by good trout fishing in some lakes along the route and heavy forest roads Having circumvented the river in such generous fashion we put the canoe into the waters one summer after-and slid down to the outlet in
She possesses
an
who
" 'Carmen Sylvia,’ the Queen of Roumania, hus so many Interests and so many hobbies that it is difficult to name any one as the chief. During many years one of her greatest delights has been to discover ancient legends—& taste fostered by her life in the pleasant Rhino country, which abounds in every kind of folklore.
and took it to its
A CLOSE SHAVE.
Wo paddled vigorously across stream toward shore. For one canoe’s length gained in crossing we floated down three. Then a paddle snapped. There was no choice of direction. We had to face the mu-
a lot of talk, and then
would be trifle. But
memories for her,
china are pictures of the members of her family and of dear friend».
Tfce Queen has many other inter- .Tge Queeu of Greece's favorite esta, not the least of which is her reorcation is yachting. She is an pattern dairy at Sandringham, fm oxcenon^ sailor, and is the only •he thoroughly understands the	of the Russian imperial
working of a dairy and Is herself Jhoule who bears the rank of an ad-able to make excellent butter. Her	eg
horses give her immense
an i -
ous
noon
six hours.
Before starting on our long slide we slept three nights by the stream
¦
A FISH SUMMER RESORT.	resin
The second day we forded the nv- _the woodsman's salvo for all ca-er half a mile above camp, entered n0Q wollnd8
the woods and followed a little \ye embarked in thc mended canoe brook that often lost itself under the q^j. a gravel pit that furnished bal roots of giant trees, until it broad- InHt for ft ^ear-by railroad. The ened into a pool an acre and a half laborers bad left for the day in extent. The approach to it from hftd not far to go now. The excitc-one side was through black, gummy 1^,^ Gf the trip was over. There muck. A tangled undergrowth held on)y remftinC(i the delight of idly one up on the opposite bank. The float|ng down stream trout were there, however. e place was a sort of fish summer resort. The prolonged hot weather
ga?hcrrm0nthti8ewoï0habitatlon.er The	is A sunbeam' 8arcaHm ttn
ZZ" K 55 r 5 SUS J1:'¦
ff Zï -SS. "ST5S . * 5* — - - «— --KUSS’USl “.‘«ï	* JzZL'* om’
o'Sz mv?1",4."	t: »-«? »•	""" "• ™»
w. Wd	„„„„ ,ot povtrly,
1 but none for filth.
In the spring the liar’s fancy lightly turns to thoughts of fish.
the villain of which doesn’t hiss should be a howling success.
The subtle mind is only submissive when submission subserves its inter-
measure»
• «
sic
General Uatacre, when in India* performed a sporting feat which# perhaps, few people would care to emulate. With relays of horses he rode from Simla to Kalka and back In a day. The distance Is 150 miles, with a rise in the gradient of 7,000 feet on the return journey. Such a ride, even on a beautifully-graded military road, would have proved too much for most men
not saying what price It was of no posai-
mirai in the Russian navy— a unique honor bestowed on her by the Czar Alexander, who was very fond of his beautiful cousin and who know of her deep love for the sea. When yachting Queen Olga is perfectly happy, and she has many opportunities of indulging In her sea excursions in her Grecian home.
molested were
dogs and
pleasure, for she is devoted toggg mais of all kinds. A favorite recreation of hors Is cycling, an ¦ erciso which of lute has been some-
aside for the superior
man
ex-
Tho pocket-book by one Orton, a young
i for-
whut put pleasure of driving a motor car.
HAS THE MIMETIC FACULTY.
deal has been written
art scholarships just
Among the awarded by tho Council-General of the Seine, France, for young painters, sculptors, architects, and engravers born within the Department of the Seine, is one of $240 a for painting, won by a boy named Boulanger. This clever student is only fourteen years of age, very poor, and without parents. He lias for some time exhibited at the Salon, his contributions generally being portraits.
Deputy-Surgeon Major Ford, ths celebrated hunter of big game, who died thc other clay, was accustomed to keep a "shooting-book," in which he entered an account of every wild anil i that fell to his gun interesting volume deaths of 122 tigers, thirty-five panthers, and seven Indian lions, sides a great number of bison, pliants, jaguars, hyenas, etc. Major Ford for many years held the record for big game shooting.
the
to the finder a
FADS OF OTHER QUEENS
¦ A great ¦¦	¦¦
about the young Empress of Russia, but little 1s known of her real character. except that she is a devoted wife and toother and somewhat reserved to tho outside world Majesty has many pleasures in her private life, most of which are shared by her husband. Her hobby is 6#Id to be caricaturing and collecting caricatures
clever mimic, and has tie ready talent of catching a likeness and transmitting it to paper so that even those who arc most caricatured cannot but laugh at the good-natured I way in which their peculiarities are taken off.
It is not every,one who is aliened to peep into tho portfolio of the Czarotza. The Czar finds this talent of his wife an unfailing amuse-
4 4
tho
"Queen Helene of Italy has many interests. Her favorite amusements are shooting and driving a motor car. She is an excellent shot and an untiring walker, having been used to spending day# with her father end brothers on the mountains of her native land. The automobile is at present quite the favorite hobby of most of tho members of the Italian royal family, and the King, as well as Queen Helene, spends as much of his spare time as he can making excursions in his horseless carriage. This taste is now shared by Queen Margarethe, who was initiated into the delights of motoring by her nephew, the Duke of the Ab-ruzzi.
year's spare
be-
low the
Her
the
Tho Empress is a
It was once
We
This
do
the
records
i *
1)0
elo
Queen Christina of Spain has,
@s* a»»j
er manner.	spare from tho duties of state «he
PHOTOGRAPHY HER HOBBY. devoted mainly to tho companionship
Like Queen Alexandra, the Gcr- j of her children, and whenever postman Empress' hobby 1s photography, ble she would go with them to her Her collection of pictures is unique, palace at San Sebastian, on tho sea-and comprises every kind of scene; coast, where, while her throe child-beautiful views and curious people ren were bathing or cycling, si *) she met on her eastern travels; por- ; would sit on the strand wit
hue- work or a book.	^	\
"Queen Amalie of Portugal may to be the most energetic
She is always
9 9
SIMPLY JOGGLES
Lord Kitchener is popular even with the boys selling flowers in the street. One of them, when the police were looking another way, climbed a tree near the National Gallery at the unveiling of the Gordon statue to get a better view of thc soldier, whom everyone delights to honor. The carriage passed quite close tho tree, and the young flower-seller was able to throw one of his specimens right at Lord Kitchener s feet. The General picked it up, with a pleasant smile of thanks, and placed it in his button-hole.
Prince Hçiiry of Prussia l;as l>$£n occupying his spare time in the composition of music. Le is an collent pianist and a wonderfully clever improvisator. His latest composition is a graceful gavotte, which will shortly bo published in Germany. Besides a good deal of donee music, the prince has completed the scoring of the parts for an orchestra of wind instruments—no light achievement for an amateur H German Emperor takes considerable interest in his brother s musical works, having himself composed a march.
It was as Adjutant of thc Cambridgeshire Regiment that the recently-deceased General Sir Mark won ¦¦¦¦¦Ip On the advance of the Russien# he sprang over a wall, calling on his officers and men to follow him, which they did to a man, and hurled Lack at the point of thc bayonet strong battalions of Russians, in another minute would have gained the English position. His first reward for this and other acts of heroism was a captaincy in thc 3rd Buffs. The Victoria Cross and tho Legion of Honor followed soon after.
A story has been told of Mr. Chevalier, whose full name, by-thc-bye, is Albert Onesimo Gwathvcoye Louis Chevalier. He was singing in a small town not far from London. The audience had been very enthusiastic, and thc portrayer of coster-life remarked on the fact to thc manager afterwards, saying that he thought they were almost too demonstrative. "Why ? asked 'ho worthv. "Well." Mr. Chevalier replied, "they were knocking their umbrellas and sticks on the floor all the Amo I was on the stage " That wasn't applet* came quick reply ; "you see. office is right above
stamping letters for the infill"
i #
re-
to
lowest of the year at a bend in the stream where current was too swift to launch the canoe. This forced us to leave our island camp by the back way. Even then there were difficulties at tho outset as before reaching the main channel, wo had to get out in the
drag the boat over a After this the exertion was mainly in tho direction of keeping our craft from getting beyond control.
We slid into the channel dow? natural chute between a pile of bowlders and a jam of flood wood and
ewes;
...... „—,- Sr- «
they should ta)ke cod-liver oil in cold	A TEST OF SKILL.	wllcn the fire of ambition turns to
, mFF?.T.zrrs1 »¦*
The precautions which one should to live in contact wM li pautiiL . made a wide detour of an immense jf you can't afford champagne take in order to protect himself faring from phthisis anon be espe-	dep0sjt nf sand acd gravel, and then	drink nothing	stronger	than	coffee;
from consumption, when especially dally careful to carry out the above	moV(Ki jn a reverse curve back to	and when	you	can	afford	it	let	it
exposed to it, as in living with a precautions, which, summed up, a .	within a few rods of the starting	ai0nc.
consumptive, or in the case of the Iree ventila ion, abundance of fre h	pC|n^ Yet we had paddled two
inheritnneo of weak lungs from pa- air, the avoidance of overcrowding.	mi,eM
rents who have died of phthisis, were plenty of sunlight, scrupulous c oan- crooks. It was at these elbow | city a dollar vice looks like a thus laid down in & recent lecture lines», and absence of dust and dirt. jointB to 8peak, that the skill of by Dr. Byron Bramwell, a well- and Uio destruction or disinfection t^e cnnojat was most severely tried, known English expert :	of *11 discharges containing the for there the current swung into the
With this object in view the indi- tubercle bacillus. The chief risk m	Khore with terrific force
should endeavor (1) to in- living with a consumptive is the	the power that one could command
his “vital resistance*1 by breathing in of air containing the	was necessary to avoid a smashup
maintaining his general health in the bacillus or its spores and direct in-	the bank.
best possible state of efficiency ; (2) fection by kissing or using cups con- The current Qf a stream like the PRINCE OF WALES' DIADEM to avoid all conditions likely to taminuted by the sul erer. The spu- Qor(jen River is. by tho way, no
*****
Ë |	¦
** *— zsrr» zssss nzzf& sz “«à™™»	s ......... ,,m -
They by the Italian Government The We had many feathered companions | o	seized the man in er; then dissolve a pound of tartaric * there wore not a bear in the whole
~m m m --
guiw with 17,000 bholls	,11k* sentinels A Ur "fisher, crose- log elephant.
th her
be at
traits of her children, of her band and other relations; pictures of her children’s pets, and a collec-, be said ^ I tlon of photographs of the game queen in Europe	¦
killed by the Kaiser at Huber- busy, and is never known to be ill. tunslock and Romlnthen. Her child- Her Majesty's hobby is the study ot look upon . their mother as n medicine, and she may be said to wonderful being, and every time they have go no so deeply into the qu«s-receive a new pot the first thought tion that her interest in the healing is to ask mamma to photograph It. art has become worthy to boar a The photographs taken by the Em- more dignified name than a hobby, press during her journey to the Holy "Of Queen Draga of Servi» there ¦	¦ exhibited with a magic arc varied accounts, ami she ha»
lantern for a charity after her re- been too short a time on the throne ....... home	for any one to know whether or not
“The favorite amusements of she has hobbies. She takes n great Queen Wilhelmina are skating and interest in the hospitals and chanto-riding; but as a child her hobby was bio institutions of Scrvia, and has the keeping of poultry. Her Majcs- a strong penchant for everything
ty is devoted to animals, and is Russian."	. I
HOW AFRICA IS SLICED
The novel
Great Britain Has the Best Part
of the Country.
stream and sandbar
ex-
add
Britain's new Boer colonics 167,465 square miles of territory to her British South African posses-which now contain, perhaps.
The tract is of the most valuable on tho Continent, and its acquisition does away with a dividing barrier| might have proved a formidable obstacle in some political emergency.
Throughout Africa tho British holdings and “spheres" now aggregate more than 3,000.000 square miles. Of thc other European nations, France has claims about ns vast; but some 2,000.000 square miles of her African territory are
of Sahara, and her
est
in
“Vain imaginings" bring some people more misery than does hard a reality.
“Absence makes tho heart grow fonder" when it comes to the bill
900,000 square miles
one
Land were
III!
that
The
HOW TO AVOID CONSUMPTION.
Some Hints for People With Weak
Lungs.
his VC. at Inker man.
in the desert
sovereignty over this sandy waste is
poorly established.
Germany and Portugal have each
900.000	square miles; and so had Belgium, if the Congo Free be marked off to that country. Spanish Africa consists of some
252.000	square miles; Italian Africa of 88,000. Tripoli, which is
A man feels like oboy again when oOiV^sMuaro’miles'^'
imprisons a bee In a trumpet Drilain hn* an advantage not only flower; but ho knows he is the same , thc slzo of hcr possessions, old fool when tho insect gets in its the(r character
State
two
who
In a Country town a ten cent vice I he river was full of bends io0ks like a dollar one; while in a
ten
he
Then all
but
vidunl
crease
She has
territory that is habitable for white men than any other nation, and con! trois what arc now the greatest dia-Perhaps the moat remarkable bead- |mond fields and gold regions In i he
She lias o a lore direct
districts credited
more
Britannica»
the
f #
BIO FEES FOR SINGERS
the pest-
us, nnd they

were
A characteristic t tory of the President of the United States is er. 3 relating to a bear hunt undertaken by Colonel Roosevelt some y* are There existed in the Felt irks a
rj
ib rntely as if
i (
and should avoid kinds (alcoholic and others) dhould choose a profession they can do their work in tho open air If possible, and never one in which the lungs are erposed to ritating divst or fumes. They should eat plenty of butter and fat-fonnn.x
country. By tho time he hud got his glasses adjusted the hour was near, but he put up his gun and killed him In his tracks, and did not ceem in the least bit oxc ted."
About ono-
th®
In-
ner.
###PAGE###8###


Little Money
E. HODGINS & SON’S AOVT.
Gets you a Good Pair of Boots.
HOLD UP
O
Complete.
Ladies’ Fall Hats
a minute and read thin, If your clothe* are beginning to approach a condition of Innocuous desuetude, which will make it necessary to discard them. We want your patronage-not for one time only, but permanently. If we can get the former we are certain to secure the latter. Why f Our «took Is so large we will have t he kind you want, tiy selling no many Suita it enables us to sell so cheap. Our fit and workmanship are all right.
Our Fall stock is now compléta, comprising
principally the James McCready Go’s and the Williams Shoe Go’s make. These
goods, we firmly believe, for honest wear cannot be equalled by any made in Canada.
Large Brims, Camel's Hair Effects, Newest Shades, Latest New York Styles.
Ladies’ Ready-made Suits
Positively.
We state positively that we have the Best
Oil Tan Moccasin this year that is on the market—complete range.
In Heavy Grey Cloths at .. .
$5.00
A. R. McGUIRE,
M STEWART
Fall Suitings

?
The Tailor.
Main Street, Shawville.
We have now in stock the latest and most serviceable Goods for Ladies’ Fall Suits and Skirts. Heavy all-wool Cloths, 54 inches wide, in plain colors, at 75 cents ; also plain Twill Costume Cloth, in black, navy, brown, fawn, etc., at 65 cents per yard.

THE FAVORITE
« (\
There has Existed,
,x
#
Does Exist,
Always will Exist
it
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.!,
«
A demand for a corset that “ cannot break at the waist.”
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
New Goods, Just In.

AT

WAIHMAIT’S.
That demand is supplied at the

Taffeta Ribbons, Velvet Ribbons, plain and satin-backed, all widths.
•’«
DA A “ OREST” 400 &402
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.;
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES^®
of which we have a variety in stock.
OàA
The only corset in the world that “ cannot break at the waist.”
The D & A “ Crest ” is in a class by itself. It stands alone, unique in style, radically different and superior to any other corset made, because of its special feature.
As D & A Crest “ cannot break at the waist ”
it lasts longer than corsets that do break at the Waist, consequently it is not only thoroughly satisfactory to the wearer, hut also better value—in fact, the cheapest I corset a lady can buy.
BEST400
E. HODGINS & SON.
A full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
P. S.—-Twelve pairs of our $1.25
Shoes left, sizes 2% and 3, only 50 cents.
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
a e. wainmanT SHAWVILLE.

P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
CLOTHING! CLOTHING!

Our stock of Ready-made Clothing, just received, will repay the careful inspection and consideration of intending purchasers. Don’t miss having a look at these superior goods.

$250 a Day For Harvesters
i Pigott Said he was Messiah
¦BIP..............—
in st°re at tort William, September the service passed of without delivery. Cold weather was general ward incident.
aæ&aaa ^Basses

ACCEPT ONLY
V INDIA
PALE ALE -



T. W. WILSON & GO.
Browed with exceptional care and watchfulness until just the right body and flavor arc obtained. Its flavor is the true flavor of good malt and hops. One case in your house will demonstrate to your entire satisfaction that it is the best table ale brewed. All dealers can supply you.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street, QUEBEC.
many
with not even clothes enough to cover success- their nakedness.
m«b, and The dead in Cowlitz county, ns far as Five thousand Doukhobore have decid-any unto- known are : 1). L Wallace, wife snd ed that, during the coming winter, the
two children ; twelve year old eon of Mr. government of Canada must bo reipon-Htnley ; John Pollock, his brother nn l sible for their maintenance. Hon Ctifford child ; W. E. New house, Mrs. Carves. S.fton has 8) often declared these people BL Four men who were working on a claim *° be the acme of our immigiation im- |	.
protection of the police. It is believed belonging to James Hswthorne, have rot Pir ations, that the announcement is 1	I J/\ |	|/\ ##
T»™ Incgmea from Thro, to	SS.L*
l«OUr X ears.	« Agapemonite community to leave London, camped at the Lake at fo< t of Mount St impeach the usefulntei of those settlerr,
who were heralded as a people of price less value in opening up a country where other rices would etaive. But the delightful picture is shattered and it is up to the
people of Canada to support tho thousands for the departure of whom Russia had reason to thank Providence. Worthless He reached here last night. From ,n r own country, the Doukhobore by Detective John Murray of the hle cvscnption the suffering there ia great promue to be a greater nuisance here F.w...icial force, charged with the mur- &nd devastation is the most appalling Five thousand Canadians from the der of James William Freeman the fif.	of an^ thftl	has been reported. For a	Vuited States m ght	have	occupied the
teen year-old adopted son of D. B Free-	etrctcb °* ^5	miles he says there are but	Places of *“• undesirable	Doukhobors,
man, who owns a farm on limine street lwo houses standing. The fine timber on had the money spent in assisting the in the township of Adelborough Kino	which lhe8e	P«0Pi« expected to realize	*atter been devoted	to enccuraging the
ii Freeman’s hired man. Previous to	hai o11 been	destroyed. The fire came	farmer to return to	their	native land,
the arrest the detective in company with upon them in the night and entirely un- Canada 11 only beginning to reap the lnr-C,unty Crown Attorney Dmahue, Djc- exPecîedIy-	v?8t °f the ,1! adT1,.ed «'«migration policy
tors Lawrence and Duncomb of this citv	fcarceîy had time to get to the river the	administration It ia eigm-
and Dr. Webster, visited the cemetery ray,eîfH said Dinnick, uWhen the fhmes hcant ihit the authorities do not care to and had the body exhumed. After ex* were upon nj°- and if 1 had undertaken discuss the matter.
amination of the shot wounds it was cm io save anyone else, wo would rut have	_____
eluded that it wou’d be impossible for	.	, .	,	.
to I matter over with Murphy the suspected roar . haVt> never heard a noise to com broke down and acknowledged that p*re Wîfch T , e L m	„	he had shot joung Fieeman because he
London, b»pt. 15.—Twenty thousand was jealous of him. In telling his story Tiersons attended a meeting in Phoenix King mid he crept upstairs iif the drive I ark, Dublin, yesterday, to protest house and to, k aim at Fiecman'e eye and against the proclamation of Dublin under shot him. King was brought to the the Coercion Act.	mmg "
John Dillon, M. P the speakers, slid abiding citizen ? M hearers responded
Canadians will Support Them

1
THE NEW GROCERY

AND—

i
«
1
MEAT SHOP.
0

Helen's have not been heard from since the fire. It Is not known whether they escaped or not.
The first news of the devastation yas brought to this city by Milo M. Dimrick, who had experienced many difficulties in St. Thomas, Ont , Sept. 14—Wm I making the trip to send aid to the suffer-
Chas. King was arrested yesterday after- «e,R* tie reachbd here la8k night. From noon 1	*
provincial ferce, charged with the
v
Winnipeg, Sept. 11.—Two more important forward steps were taken by the
SZ# Bammio JMR Kills . 15-year
for temperance and moral reform, and	° c ”°y.
the fixing without restrictions of the pastoral terms at four years, instead of three wi:h the pnvilege of five under certain conditions
temperance organizer was almost unanimous. The selection of place of next meeting, 1906, was referred special committee.
treal and Vancouver were proposed. The recommendation that a committee prepare a special course of study for ministers to devote all attention to evangelistic work was referred hack to cemmittee.
At the evening session the delegate from Japan, Rev. John Scott, D. D., addressed the conference, as did Rev. J. Harai-wa, president Japan conference, latter stated that 15,000 Jamncse converts or enquirers in Methodist church work.
HE CONh EtiSED MURDER
(Corner Main and Pfokanock
If you are engaged in any kind of business you make a mistake if you do not invest a dollar or two with
sts.y
«
«<
Having secured a new and fresh stock of ('HOt KRIES people can rely on getting a good article. Intending buy would do well to come and inspect stock.
Wc also have on band all kind» of frc»!i and naît MKATS, also BACON LARD ami SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
ic
h
E
ere
our
The decision to appoint a

th
¦Jto conference The names of Mon-
fo
pi
te
SVi
H. A. HODCINS.
Deer and tyoose.
ipsp®
paid for your trouble.
cotfldeTPOAddnr^8triCt,y P,iv»tc an'1
N IfcCUAIG.
^h«on"ne,. «Ids
=B55SS?-
„ smm
THe
i :
¦ Se
The Printer

n
th<
The
were
th(
to show people what you are doing.
PR
IUO

wh
chs
Another Agrarian Conflict
Ireland.
it r
As soon as the fire had Nicholas Loftue of Perth is one of passed over him he rushed to a neighbor's three heirs to $7,000,000 left by girl WE PRINT house and found that the fami y had been , Francis Loftus of Mount Loftu*
driven from home and escaped death. : kenny, Ireland.
When morning came he set out lo bring
in relief.	The first D. D. degree granted by
The bridges were all burned; the roads Mtnit, bi Co’lege will be conferred cn the were obstructed by trees which had IWf. J. A. Carolichad on the 1	1 inbt.
fallen acrws them, 10 that h s
the
man
V
Kil
moi
Air
den
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, Cards, 4c.
at moderate cost and do the work welL Try a sample order.
Kai
lime
whe
I county jail here last night by Detective i who was uno of i Murphy to await the outcome of the in-“ What is a	law	quest	at	Rodney	tomorrow.	He is
To which one of his	j	about	25	years of	age and a	B.rnardo Wils ve,y e 0lr
...	_lh	__ ‘‘A policeman	|	home	boy	and has	been with	the Free
Wm.	Otirien, M. P.t said that	Mr.	|	mans	over	six years
Wyndbam, chief secretary for Ireland, had rest;red Dublin to her rightful po i tion aa the capital of fighting, unconquerable Ireland.
Many parts of Ireland at this moment are seething in an agitation, almost com parable to that of Mr.* Balfour’s coercion
to be
progress
It n estimated that the farmers of Wolfe Island. Ont., have lost from #30,-000 to $35,000 in crops owing to a disastrous storm.
whi
prêt
A'bert Smith has been fined #100 and s»nt to jail for 30 d«ys for operating an ill ci: s ill in South Norwich, Out. The ~ n ..	. _ x ^	«till itolen after its seziure from the
Cause Death and Great Destruc- Tüsonburg p dice station.
tion
his
fall

FOREST FIRES
A
Farm For Sale.
ed ti
of pi recei
pur
run at. inbab-
¦	---- I A retient order of the Japanese gor-1 Belny the North Bant Half of Lot No
Portland, Ore., Sept. 16.—Driven from *rnment »n cling religious teaching in 13 In the 2nd Range of the townnhip of regime. The papers daily record the their homee in the darkoeei of the night "choda, makes it impoeeible for mii- K’lyendon.contalutoglOOacreF of geod clay
^ ^
agranao outburst. On the De Freyne Wash., to the foot of Mount St. Helen’.,	A priest fell from a parapet at 8t. Ber- (?rmaA,on appI*	Mre H	North"
estate ^meome meetings have denounced a diet ince of 20 mi'ee, eleven people a e nard s , cm inary. theater. N Y„ atd 1 Bsy' °Dt” 0r the landlords by name.	1 dead, four are misaing and more thin 200, was «rioiwly injund.	|
man,
and
him
ont i; «idea pinn<
A. LYON, M. D
Hcrlh The! alreiv the 1 peopl
ShawvUle.
