###PAGE###1###
—



No. :î
H ru Yi: \
S1IAWVILU
I'ONTi.V
COUNTY, QUJ
THURSDAY, JULY
I',
Mmo
si.(JO a Yi;.u
%

IN
Hiiiicu
SANK OF OTTAWA
I
IRilTS’ BANK
I r I

li. M
F. l
lot Weather Goods
Reduced Prices
f

<
TT A WA. CAN Mi \
1

I I
iiv (h
I
H
Wm. j
OP CANADA.
I!
Ci
I
M
I
f
Mr M....,
Hugh M.mn, ' ,
l of DUtctors :
Charles Maoee, Esq.t President, (ti:oROE II \y, i:sq.,Vice Pn sirlnnt.
ÜHYS -N, Jfi
1
hi
h.M
CAPITAL
- $6,000,000.
- RESERVE FUND, - 2,000,000.
!< i
1
li
cun
I 1,1
ntlon
<
kh
. * iiinimuv in David M
• • 'i Ih’m
I t
Ks
ÎÎUN. <• A IKA. I
John M at iii n, l David Mai I.aiu a livni-HY, K-
I
f
t
'!•• mayor <
1,	WChtpham, &
Honmi.l .1. Sloan, Km,., niuyoi of thetowii U tl.„ "hip of Litchfield.
n / tiu. i	,‘*<l Daniforil. !>»,., mayor of tliejtown
U Dio K.|,n\ ships «, MmisiieM ami Pontefract.
* x l'*vs W in. Vor iu*y. I.sc,., mayor of the town » State mh|> of North OihIow.
invl to i * ^***1 h in Ki-nindv. IN,., mayor of the town
slim of South Onslow
. II. Meredith, Km,.,
lagc of Qnyon.
George Ihigg, Km,., mayor of the township
Lawn Social.	. of 1 home.
___ Naims Adam*, Km,., mayor of the villages
___ ; :11: Ils ;
®lliÜiS|Wash Fabrics
Orange celebrations are to be held on	’	,a*	j written to, having relatives in the lunatic
the Twelfth at Edward Steele’s grove,	--»---- asylum for cost of maintenance.
A SUMMER SESSION South °nKl,,w1 and North Clarendon.	OTTER LAKE & LESLIE | The Secretary-Treasurer read a letter
p" |H=§f9iri:
JULY», and continue for six wv&l this week.	. Mr Wm. Mmre. merchant, has gone l^lum >,,, rej.Iy had Been receive,]
for the taking up of Business and all	to Pe<,rth Day, llalyhury, Ac., for a well- lin,m Mr. ( hurles Lafrenmure ; but Mr.
Commercial matters, Shorthand and Mr. Logan, teacher, of Hamilton, Ont., earned holiday.	I John Humphrey had paid the amount of
Typewriting. English and French nml accompanied by two children, arrived Mr. Win. H Farrell went to Pern-	for maintenance of his
. . . . othex special studies. here on Friday evening, en route to his I broke on Tuesday.	Mayor Thos. McFarlanemoves, second
PARENTS’ ATTENTION IÎ ! I Why have	Mr. S. M. Logan, I home I Hcv. Mr. and Mrs. Lummis, of Thorne Ie J hy Mayor ./as. Adams, that the Secre-
the 'Ik.vs and girls wasting their time Vt*ntre, to spend his summer vacation. West, were the guests of Mr. and Roht. tory be instructed to take legal proceed-around* home (luring the summer vaca- Misses F va Shaw and Verna McGuire	Monday and Tuesday.	ings against Mr. Win. Henry Hod gins
’=£ÎS£K!	5™*-5.............:«%-,.............................
mer session designed for teachers who inscribed on the back.	,, ' ^ ,fb w ho were the guests of Mrs. ^ * n n .f itjed of t heir indebtedness
wish to ennulre into Ini^iness methods	t I G. L. Murphy at the depot, left for home re.used to pay.—Carried unanimous-
and to be able to return to their schools Mr. Sam Smith, of Greermount, brother on Thursday.
in the fall, feeling that they have some of Mr. John Smith, of this town, has re- Messrs. Jas. Robb and (». E. Murphy thing practical to give their buys ami turned front Rat Portage, where he has I went to Kazubazua Thursday.
gli s'	been engaged in the mining business for Mr. T. McGinn, of McGinn & Abbott,
the past year.	| was at < >tter Lake depot Friday and Sat-
urday.
which that g<
The C. N. K
runs in a wos Lake of t!io Woods River at a point w here the lut* Rainy River District from ' : Minnenot i. Tho i >nd ia d open up a valuable agricultural and ing region.
sin
f I
i
I
ui.'ii
I)
i

ml
Head Ollier, • Montreal*
rly
At
oRonorr.t'R.v
v. M. FIN
General Manager .. . Manager
n
¦ ¦¦ W f t — ——

Ilranelii »i •
IN ONTARIO:
K-ewàtin,
Kenu-tv lk,
Mattawa,
OlNiwa, do Hank Ht do Hidenti St. Toronto, Vankleek lllll, timltb» Full*
IN .MANITOBA :
sKtwvilli: îutiMii,
t he
vs
Ali xur Îr fa, A rn | »rior, Avownore, Itnvebrldge Cat le to n
tanaik,
Parry hound,
ivml.mk'-,
Rut Portage, Renfrew
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers note» bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
HAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office IXoitrs .
Hatvruavh . .
III!Tl
mayor of the vil
Place, Haw k calm ry,
Straw Hats.
Winnipeg
Dnuphli
Portage I.a Prairie IN QUEBEC ;
We still have a large range of Men’s, Ladies’ and Children’s Straws and Summer Tams, every one a bargain.
10 A.M. To 3 P M.
10 A M. TO 1 r.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
Montreal,	Hull.	Infinite,
Agent* In Canada, New York ami (.'Linage ll.mk of Montreal.
Agents in Ht. 1'a'il - Merrhant* Nat. liai.k. Agent* in London, Fog.—I'arr'a Hank Lt d
f Chi
JHERE IS NO PLEASURE SO SWEET
At prices to suit close buyers.
Prints, Ginghams, Muslins, P. K’s, Zephyrs Lawns, and the new Mercerized Hindoo Cloths—See them—All at cut prices.
As that which Is combined with Profit

)
Black goods.
son
We have a range of Black Muslins in plain
and fancy weaves. They are hard to get and going fast.
Mercerized Sateen
son in
9
In Plain and Brocaded. The nicest goods in "" 1*" I «•? market-fine as silk and just the thing for
Moved by Mayor Goo. Hynes, seconded SKirtS Or blOUSGS for tllG dllStV by Mayor F. P. Lafond, that whereas it Iih.s pleased an all-wise Providence to re
iy
season.
MW'IAL RATE* K)R THUNK l-.NI I HlNi; f OK THE Hl'MMER WKMMOM WILL BE ALLOWED TO AI L FEKOOMi Will» ENTER THEIR NAMES bCKORE JULY NINTH.
Drop a Postal for full information.
Rev. Mr. Boyle has anived to assume charge of the parish of Clarendon during the absence of Ven. Archdeacon Naylor, who shortly purposes taking a well-earned reht from his labors. Mr. Boyle preached his first sermon in St. Paul's on Sunday and made a favorable impression.
Messrs. Gilmour & Hughson got down j,llove by death a much respected and highly 1—. 5 last week with the largest drive they have esteemed member of this Board, in the |	1 |P y!S
had for many years.	person of Thus. Poupore, Esq., late mayor
We are sorry to hear that Mr. Thomas (,f the township of < ’hichester.
Dagg is very low.	Be it therefore resolved, that this
We have had some severe wind storms | Council extend to the widow and family during the week and Friday there was °f the deceased its most sincere sympathy John McCoehen, eldest son of the latc|(lu*to a hurricane	accompanied by the ! and regret	at the sad	occurrence which
John McCoshen, lumberman, has won	mut'h needed rain.	SansCkrëmonie. bas deprived fhem of	a near and dear
his suit in the Superior Court against his	-------- relative and the community of a useful
~	"	I mother foi the recovery of twenty-five	BPISTOL N£ Wand honorable citizen ; and further that
Imlson Is here to stay and all orders will thousand dollars, which represents his	_ a copy of this resolution be forwarded to
w promptly attended to w ithout delay.	share of his father's estate, which since	Miss Rachel Walsh of Wakefield O io th° j,ereaved widow.—Carried
Cooley	Church	Sewing	Machines for the later's death has been administered	jH visiting friends in Bristol	'	'	j mously.
sale at John	Lesters,	Shawville.	by his mother, Mrs. F. C. DeZouche.	Mrs. Alexander	McDonald and family j M ;vür' j>	^that“in	the eventfof the
For Organs, Pianos and Sewing Ma- Our town fathers having failed this ‘f,	L‘ ^ "Co,,,>ing their local muuiupalities having failed to nay
chines, see A. Howard at Pontiac House, year to appoint an official guardian of the ÏI-' v' t,a't 'ül7oy i	. in their pr< portion of interest and sink-
Wanted—A good sound work horse, in I hiw been detailed to stand guard at the t y f ..	. .	,n* ,'V,	‘ heasurer are hereby authorized end ein*
exchange for anew, first-class lumber Piekanock street crossing, when circum- p f	, ,0.')or (NV!l M powered to borrow from the Bank of Ot-
I ^ ^wvi"e.	entld^siuSc
Miss Alma Elson. of the Ottawa Tide- hours of night, when the denizens of the | 1 1 r ‘ , s/,lir at 1 ana ,vfu‘ *1C* s-une on bvhilf of this Council.—Carried phone Exchange, spent Sunday in town, dark places of the earth sally forth on iV ,*?,	, n .	. I unanimously.
" -...... '11 ...................................	I-"”1™"”-	, "J-rt'*
Miss Davies left on Friday morning I Peerless Lodge I. O. G. T. picnic at I completed it will be one of the finest m :tf| nUrn. “Carried unanimouslv. ^ " for her homo at Rixlden, Que , where she Hamilton’s Bay on Thursday last, was the township. ^	W. G. LeRov
will spend her vacation.	favored with ideal weather and a most ^l0 *ase club of Elnuide came |	' gtc Treasure *
y ’	I details of the pi im have not yet " nniing a victory over the Viet t boys
Mr. Thos. Riley, son of Hugh Riley, reached us we learn tha* the chief feature I had previously defeated the club at | Grade IV. - LI win Hudgins Mar Esq.,	of Ottawa/	and	his	aunt,	Miss	^ the day was the base hall tournament	f™1'? Cornera Al sjieak w^el of	the	cella Hudgins Isabella Argue. 1	Grade
Rilev,	are visiting	Mrs.	Lyon and	Mir	IV wI“c,h f.T clubs-members of Wild I'™ play received at the hands of the Vic-	m.-CTarence Richardson, Pearl	Smith.
Shaw, their relatives, here	Elmside, Peerleas and BrittanU- club, while the conduct of the other | Hattie Workman, Cecilia Argue, Harriet
.	participated. The final match between	clubs is not so favorably spoken of.	Elliott. Grade IL—Adeliade	Elliott,
Old	F robs behaved very	badly	last	El inside and Brittan ia was particularly	Norway Bay, as the hot season	ap-	Florence Strutt, Kenneth Richardson,
week, by treating us to a spell of weather	exciting,	the El inside lads	eventually	P^oaches, is givi ig	signs of a rec r-	Amelia Palmer, Elliott Hudgins, Henry
almost too vnnleasant for the declining	winning	by a inagority of two	runs.	fence of the animation which has dis	Greenshields, James Valüant. Primer
D.,-™.	... s:-"t	zs !
Glove Found.—On Saturday last Mr.	versai y	°* Hie birth of the	Dominion,	arrived and others	are to follow short-	Strutt. Primer I—Harry Belsher Kl-
George Findlay picked up a lady’s new	although	not ob-erved by any	special cel-	ly. Dominion Day	found a lot of young | wood Workman, Lemuel Hudgins, liar-
kid glove on Court street, and has handed enration m nnawvme, was generally recog- people disporting themselves along the Lpj Da/g, Eva Belsher, May Hodg the same to The Equity to find its | nized as a holiday by uur citizens. There , beach and on the bay, requisitioning the	r Uehtbude’akdlky Teacher
was i general ei iuo from town of the I diwere ft that are th< availabl. T he young people to picnics and other at- bay is an ideal bathing place, especially We can furnish you with photos of all j t ration at places wliere such wore on the for those who have not acuuiretl the art
SH'pass's
Photogrnpher, with a large gathering. Others went to ren. By way of a pointer to those who Pontiac House. Ca.umet slides and swelled the multitude purpose summering at this delightful re-
Mr. H. S. Mamott enjoy*, «ho	treat. It may nut bea,ni«W «mark tha,
sure of a visit from his parents last Hpot. A few drove to Arnprior where the
week. The rev. gentleman arrived in national event was right royally observed
time to assist in the ceremony of the marriage of Miss Armstrong at CTaron don Front on Wednesday.
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
Bryson, - Que.
A few Crash and P. K. Skirts—must he sold at once. Secure one.
LOCAL NEWS.
J. H. SHAW.
unani
BARGAINS
wagon
We have several Special Bargains
in
Pianos and Organs
to offer in view of the fart that the purchasers of the following snaps were burnt out by the big fire in Ottawa a:»T have moved away since, consequently have sent
their Pianos and Organs hack :
H onor Rolls for Jure
$400 Dominion Piano .. .. for $175 350 Haines Piano 125 Doherty piano-cased Organ
0 octaves, walnut case .. .. 11
100 Thomas piano cased Organ
0 octaves, mahogany finish.. “
85 Kara Organ, octaves, walnut case
50 Estey Harmonium .. . “
40 Bell Organ
No. 9, Yaf.m
«
150
75
67.50
U
55
• *
30
ins
25
<<
owner
The above Instruments are all used, but have been overhauled and are practically equal to new. Kindly apply to
Mr. J. R. Horner, .. Shawville,
who !s our authorized representative for the Counties of Pontiac and Ottaw a.
SHAWVILLE ACADEMY
Result of June Examinations
SR. ELEMENTARY DEPT
Grade 111. Sr. <Haas L 1, Han ’ I pink bathing costumes, fashioned a fa robe j Wilson, 72j, Comr’s. Prize ; ile rhanihre, seem to be the pi evading | Wilson, 07, Coinr'a. Prize
Observer
Stool included in above prices and goods
delivered free to Shawville.
SPECIAL DISCOUNT FOR CASH!
D. W. KARN COMPANY, Lt d.
107 SPARKS STREET, OTTAWA.
if, Kathleen 3, Pearl
Burroughs, «'•*» 7 12 : 4. Henry Argue, ( T	II.—1, • Id W

fancy this year
ainnmn
if, Annie Douglas, 55 2 4
. « 11. 1.
2, Athold Knox,
A quiet wedding took place at St. Paul’s church < n Wednesday afternoon, the contracting parties being Mr. Wiu. Dupree McLeary, and Mi Hanna, both of Thorne
County Council Minutes.	**	„ ,
____	John Crawford, * o2 H»
Province of Quebec,	i Minerva < .ilducl), 41.; ;
Municipality of the Corporation	^
of the First Division County Pontiac. I , 1 l,I)lvt l*ln4 \ - (
Minutes of proceedings <d the general	.. . .	. ^	,
quarterly session of the Municipal Coun- . *	* Io«lel on passing in two suB| HIHI HH NN
cil of the C rporation • ; ’lu* tir* Divi vets in Septeii • ¦	50 p. c. enters Grade III.
Grade III, Jr.—Class 1. — I, doe Knox,	t Examination	on two subjects	m Sep-,	ticachburg, June 30.—During the re-
70 4 5, Conn s. Prize ;	2, Eva Morrison,	tomber.	i	cent severe storm, Mr. and Mrs. Angus
73 4 5 * Com’r's Prize ; 3, Pearl Eudes,	Grade	II, Sr.—Class	I —1,	Beryl	Davidson of this place, were struck by
2/5 ; 6, Knox, 75 7/10» Comr's. Prae; 2, Ber lightning and severely stunned. Both Pearl nice Waintnan, 74 4 5, Comr’s. Prize ; 3, parties were also burned about the body, Howes, * 62 4 5; 7,	Harry Howes, *	Pearl Wilson, 68	2 5. Class	III—1,	Their clothes and boots were almost to-
61J. Class IL —1,	Harry Lester,	John Burrows,	43 7	10 ; 2, Percy Beck-	tally destroyed. Dr. Forbes attended to
58*4 45 ; 2, John Argue, 62.	Class III.	ett, 36 3/10.	their injuries. Those who saw the boots
-1, Ti lie Beckett, 40 2/5	;	2, Violet	50 p. c.	pass in jr. Grade	III.	worn by the parties, which were almost
Horner, 48 1/10 ; 3, lna	Swatman,	Com’rs.	Prizj for regular	attendance—	destroyed by the lightning, are surprised
45 7/10 ; 4. Hoy Homer, 44 9/10 ; 5, John Crawford.	that the wearers were not instantly kills
Earl Elliott, 38 7/10,	M. Mathe v Tea r.
t
/
Mr. J. A. Moorhead, of Catni il mil's Bay, who has been at the General Protestant Hospital, Ottawa, for some weeks, after having undergone a very critical operation for appendicitis, returned home on Monday night, fully recovered, we are pleased to learn.
Edouard Tremblay, a telephone line man was shocked to death on Friday morning, while adjusting wires on a telephone pole in Hull. He was in the act of descending the pole when his head came in contact with a live wire owned by the Hull Electric Co. The result warn he met with instant death, and his body was literally cooked Wore it was taken from the spike on which it hung.
ss Emma Miss Maggie
Armstrong and Mr. James Robertson, fulfilled the role of bridesmaid and groomsman, respectively. Yen. Arch-
ilencon Naylor performed the ceremony, .	¦.	„	¦¦¦
after which the bridal party drove to the Hlon "f lhe Lount>' of	held at
residence of the bride’s father Mr An the usual place and time of the sittings draw Hanna’s, where a large number of "f the Counci,« on Wednesday the thlithe friends and acquaintances of the hap- teenth day of June, (1900) nineteen hun-py young couple assembled to do honor dred’ et t“e h,,ur ot u’n in the forenoon, to the occasion, which was celebrated in at w,lich 8CRNion were present, the War a most pleasant manner. After tea the den* Cj‘ H Brabazon, Esq., Mayor of the young couple drove to their future home vlU®«® of Portage du Fort, and the fol-in Thorne. All join in w ishing Mr. and lowmg County Councillors, viz :
Mrs. Me Leary much happiness and nme- M- Hayes, Esq., mayor of the townships perity through life.	of Sheen, Esiier, ludakolTand Aberdeen.
*	F. P. La fond, K#q., mayor of the township
ntcr Model in
#
* 70j ; 4, Hiram Smiley, * 67 Elsie Morrison, * 67 1 5 ; 6
1

ed.

X




	
###PAGE###2###
Books are the host of all furniture in any houit\e*oepl babies. Indeed, a huaio van not bo really furnished without plenty of books, and at least one baby
that babies are simply a neoesaary evil and the commercial theory that
matters not much the furniture. But I hi (ho inner chambers, in the holy of holies, where none may ever go save | himself and his Creator, where science sits upon the judgment seat, it is of the greatest import what is placed.
1 here are three ways of furnishing a house. The furniture may bo placed in it for the furniture alone. Some
four generations fought.
WHITE LA U N (10 WN.
m
11
i
a»». i *ihrr,tirsn«lfather and Ur#ftt.«irau<| Ikiher <'«:»tar*«l wiiai lie*. rr»iijf.
don't know of any botter illu*.
tr.ition of the way the liner fatmliog
huro gone into the field/' says one
of the officers of tin transport Mil.
waukee, "than the fact that
four generations In u single group
among the prisoners we took
( inrij i id Sf Helena.
was a remarkable party and
of great-grandfather,
it
m
con-
&
The Malthusian notion
m
Clothes are a consequence of wick educes and weather
:
Furniture has
for the nn>st part, followed the dev el- | books are only for students and silly
1 lie cum-
in women avo both wrong
opinent of luxury and lasiness
Kdeu there was the fig-leaf for raira-1 bination of books and babies makes •at and a mossy bank for furniture. | a home well furnished, however bare Without Eden
S*
wo had


%
people pursue this policy pretty things simply because they pretty, not for any use they may have for them. Another plan is to put iu
the upholstered divan succeeded swift-1 of furniture ought not be restricted to I furniture as a back-ground for the ly. Clothing has become irrational the nursery or the kitchen, but should people. W hen this is done the iu-and furniture burdensome. We build be iu every place from reception hull dividuals of the family are arranged our raiment at the behest of fashion | to bath room -particularly both. If ! as best they may be in order that the and stock our home as furniture vans ; there are not babies enough to go I furniture may harmonise with them or warehouses. Hie bill of the tailor i around use the raw material at baud I or
«Mr
they buy a re
wit h

it* walls or unkempt its corridors. Not
à
oame garments many
and varied and furniture numerous I only for the baby's sake but for the
I I
•mfjk \ $
"It
consisted
l’ho ttress suit and household's welfare, tins living scrap
and inexcusable.
grandfather, father and boy was about 18; his father was 40 or thereabout»; the grandfather a man of 00, and the old patriarch of
the lot WES nearly 80 been under arms in Cronja’s laager when it made its last stand, fighting in different trenches, and after the surrender they naturally drifted toEd her
The
sou
m
v
was

1
u
>- * m

B
They hid all
*
AT
accentuate their attractiveness, as occasion per-	I	This is the	plan of silly	women and
We	can | tints.	A baby	is handsomer than a	ultra-aesthetic men
not skimp these, however scant	our	hall clock or a	landscape by Thinner,	j	wisest plan	is to look upon	furniture
more	musical	than a piano, grand,	|	not as end	in itself, but	as	a means
w

and the account of the upholsterer ab- | and send it around •orbs much of our living

%
4 if

The third ami
Ifit

i
<C
M: u
library shelves may be
'v(
They excited my Interest, und I talked with them on several occasions during the voyage, od that they had been living of the great cattle ranches of ihe northern veldt, forming household with their women folk, and knew nothing of the war until the order came to turn out for active
Of course they belonged to the local 'commando,’ or militia de.

m

Some furniture is absolutely esson- square or upright, more effective i to an cud. to regard it as helpful to tial to any well-regulated household, background or frontispiece for tables, comfort; as a promotion to useful-A book or two, a kitchen pot or two, I chairs and couches than anything ness ; as an object of service. With a knob for the door—these are noces-
m
Z‘
It seem-
m

Wj
on one
c.
that can be bought readymade from some persons furniture becomes
an
•ary food of body, food or brain, and, the big downtown store privacy. To these the complexity of
civilisation and the luxury of modern pillow or as clean as the doily—twin- | surdity of such use and employment life added much that is absurd a n d
What if he I actual burden In housvkevpiu is not always as dumb as- the sofa- fragile or numerous it is. The ab-
hig
one
ho
fcts

!

1L
:
abominations unto the household gods i* apparent, yet housekeepers,
—yet he returns full return for all the all of them, continue to groan under investment, a large and dimpled di- j the burden and make no effort to free videud, when he smiles
women
meaningless, in point
above the floor, be varnished, painted, lace-orowned f Our forefathers had a curious concern with canopy and step-ladder, with curtains behind which one disappeared as into another room, babies
The bedstead is a case

service

&
Why should it be raised
m
¦tfiR ore 'K
Honks are themselves from it

partaient, for that section, but it not a regularly disciplined organization, and they had never even drilled together. When the call came the father and son responded first and joined Cronje's army. Later on there was another requisition for troops, and the grandfather shouldered his rifle and hurried to the front. About the time Cronje started on his last retreat the old great-grandfather got uneasy and set out to see how "bis boys, as he called them, were get. ting along. He arrived just before the final stand, and, once inside tbs laager, he couldn't get out; so he took a gun from a dead man and went to fighting with the rest of the fam-
No man make»
next to babies in importance for fur- j the furniture of his office a burden.
i
wus

niture in the house ideal, ltooks are really as much alive as
They have tongues
It is usually restricted to a desk or two, a table, some chairs, and. oc-They j casionally, a bookcase or
The janitor could, and of-



a sot of
These have become infrequent, stead are pieces of furniture not quite cry aloud in pain so cumbersome, but almost

In- con vet so.
They sing and swear and drawers
They preach and ten does, bruise it unmercifully, and The bed | laugh and step out into the actual jet the funriture is unmoved and is in the way in the daytime and at lives of those who listen to them well viceable. Office furniture is a help,
night it is not more comfortable than and carefully
the pallet of childhood or of crowded in this regard that they are men- | the home is not always so times. The folding bed is a step in | tioned here the right direction
ser-


Hut it is nut of books , never a hindrance
The furniture of
K
il-ls11
Il	11	- '1

Hooks are furniture for
A woman furnishes a room in dif-\Nith all its un- their covers' makes as well as for their ferent fashion from the furniture a certainty and trap-like character, it contents. Scattered around a home man buys, has the advantage of economizing an old volume here and there, a book- bamboo shades

J
%

She puts in vases and
'O'
and screens, and
It leaves one doubtful how- shelf in unexpected corumr, a library luce curtains, and table drawers and ever, as to whether the mysterious dour
article of furniture is bed, bookshelf tomes within—when books are thus or drawing-room table
room
ajar, a glimpse of rich bound cupboards, and places to hide things.
It is the natural shyness in the eternal feminine which nukes her seek
The gored skirt is trimmed with tucked bands alternating with lnser-cluster of tucks divided by (ion. and the revers, as well as the
Like too used they become real furniture, much else, the folding bed is simply , artistic, decorative, helpful. The aba sham
ny
bands of embroidered lawn, and the yoke in hark, ne of all-over emhroid-hem is edged with an embroidered ery ruffle.
to sweep everything out of sight f She will fill every drawer with papers, brush the scraps into the closet, and 1 cram a trunk with unassorted plunder. A man likes to have things ly-
" The four Hours struck me as good, honest, simple-minded men. had no idea wh itever of the of the war, the principles involved or the relative strength of the two sides. All they knew was that the * rooineks’ were trying to invade the republic and that Ooui Haul had called on them to come out and fight. Thi whole crowd were fatalists of tin deepest dye
war on a strange ship, sailing away
outgrows the furniture of the past	in the enjoyment of comforts and ex-	to a part of the world as unknown to
and it accomplishes most when it re-	Iras winch had been made possible	them as the mountains of the moon,
office	would	change jobs	fora	day	or	cognizes the growth and profits by	"ben these officers controlled the	but they accepted the situation as
two.	Both	woman	and	man	deep	jt. The crib and cradle are not suit-	"Hgoua w.is also curtailed. The army	stoically as so many Turks. 1 asked
down in their hearts believe matters e(j to the
would move more smoothly in the oth- chair and the tin rattle are not fur i'Oiife*s 1 always t bought that reason er place were this exchange made, the adult.
Possibly both are right tain that there would be less ap-
Sleeves trimmed with bands of Bands of embroidery in>cr- embroidery. N irruw black velvet belt, tiou outline the narrow front gore. Material required, lawn, 40 inches The corsage opens over a vest of j wide, 8yards.
vanished sepulcher,
all senee of cut-glass from the dinniug-fuii without, but full of bed clothes room table is not nearly so grave a within
a
Thef
causes
Bedsteads of any kind are crime against the finest furnishing of without warrant as far as health or a house aa the absence of uncut leaves comfort
or borne happiness are in- from the library table A mg or blanket on the floor quality of the book as well as the
Of course, the
ing around. A woman wants nothing 1 fashion in sight but furniture and folks. Bus-
The furniture of the mind comm indu, in order that it should be is colonial, not severely simple, but m imged by the A; my Service Corps.
It is pathetic to watch Thus it rune Burnt that every Brig-operations of such per- adier and Co one! saw a certain amount It resembles a sale of second- of hi» pow*i hluftixi to whit he con-
volved once answered
ever\ purpose. It	quality uf the babies counts for	some-	iness letters on a desk are	an eye-	second-hand
waa rolled up in the morning, and.	what. All babies are not equally	more to her, and a misplaced	book or	lhe	ment„,
presto, the bed was ' made up" out of	beautiful-our own are always	more	magazine on the library table gives
the way. The healed paralytic could	so. Nor are all books equally	valu-	her a fit of nervousness
with case take up his bed and walk,	able
sons
It would
For long years be an interesting experience if the Nowadays a derrick and a delivery human beings, for some inscrutable
wagon would be required. The reason, have placed the. emphasis upon
abandonment of the bedstead would infants according to their weight —as
do .i ... with pillow—sh aai> and
They were prisoners of
hand furniture when they expose aidered a subordinate branch of the their mental woes. The human mind service. A goodiah degree of Latitude
as furniture
woman who is the head of the house, and the man who is the boss of the
coun- if a 10-pound boy was of any Hence the impossibility of value to the world than the one that
more
terpanes
lelutn to the simpler days while wo weighed only 5 pounds at birth, as
man buys the furniture for the house- the great Napoleon hold
grown-up man. The high u und gnashed its teeth, but 1 the grandfather how he thought it
would end. 'God knows,' he replied, So with the mind's fur- 111,1 •ight "ere on Lord Kitchener a calmly. But don't you expect to get nishings. What was suited for the -sl 16 1,1 this matter. Lord Kitcheners back to your home and family again?' world’s yesterday will not do for the P^lu " the only one by which an in- 1 inquired, God knows' he repeated,
sufficient number of wagons and and went on smoking his pipe." enfeebled by years, teams ould lie utilized fur all thu with tottering mind, talked incoher- they were worth.
did
So some
people buy books for the furniture of ( hairs and tables and bureaus and their homes by the square yard or dressing stands and a lot of other the gilt top. No home can be proper-
combinations of wood and glass and ly furnished by wholesale. It must glue crowd our houses
It is cer-
parent disorder on the man’s desk at the office
to-day.
Au old man
Every scrap of paper would be tucked away out of view, and to find a desired letter or bill the
K>r them grow. So with the books which make all the need is extremely slight, up its beet material furniture Beauty does not demand them
VALUE OF SWIMMING.
There
A must be selection and adjustment, a
is never so lovely as when re- gradual evolution, and the right books dining on the brook bank at
ently. Another said his spirit has gone to his new home. ‘Tis only the worn-out furniture left behind that speaks to us and here.
And 1 suspect it is true to-day ns it was last year that even if Gen. Lord Kitchener has not shone us u fighting man in South Africa he remains the greatest military organizer of lus getiymtioiq What he did iu leading up to and executing the Buttle of Omdfcumm was the sort of work iu which he stands alone. And
man the next day would have to take out everything from every drawer. A woman’s idea of tidiness is to have no trash in sight.
Furniture moves in cycles
Au Kififluf Thai I* 1‘rarllrrd Too
Sflilom.
It is rather strange since all forms of uthleticH h ive twcotne such a fad with women that more of them do not learn to swim. Swimming is more popular thin it used to he, but still 1 he great majority are indifferent to it. It is not only an ideal exercise, but the knowledge of it often saves life, and this feature alone m ikes it of sufficient importance to have it included as part of everyone s education» Simply viewed as an ex.
woman
picnic, for the right homes. The installment are neither tables nor plan, which places an encyclopedia of chairs. The most picturesque pen- forty volumes in a cottage when the
pie in the world are the Japanese, who only other books are the Bible, Luciie sit on the floor
a
where there
The
LORD KITCHENER.
sp nning wheel has been brought down
an almanac, is as much to be from the attic and set up in the front
a dreaded as the purchase of a pair of hall. The high and straight backed
a 1	*1,mg up antique andirons for a modern grate, chair is found in the modern library.
3y strings—affords more comfort The folly of furniture is shown not
vhan any chair, however antique or only by the stuff which cumbers plush-covered-
Comfort does not and require them ; a rug on the floorHÉ hammock—which is
4 IMunppoliilmrnl on Ihe iflT a. Well ii. In I lie Held In Month Afrlr -,
w hy
might he not have paralleled this feat
in >oui h Africa if he had been sent i hei -•
I notice, since my return to London, that lam more often asked about
and the three-legged I K‘tchefler lh;in about °'b«r "b'cb clogs up their heads. I stool of the pioneer may come next.	, ®xeept the Brei,t Field
the modern Sunday-school was dis- Brains are furnished as well as bed It is surprising how much furniture M:"aha1, wht>' hy,B 89 wi'h ,h“ Army,
in benefit to his soul. The rocking what shelves, what doors, what dress- ! were sold complete houses and all Kl che,,ei 88 ®lther 80 independent	*	confidence, aelf-reliance and courage.
-	M I. . rockio. chair i. ,ak„ anb b,„	h. ..... ‘tl. d^“.tto„	™
u «pardonably bad form. The mod- and always the furniture of the braiu | there is a bare parlor instead of the
and heart
It is the colonial custom made to fit
up the revived colonial architecture. The The rocking chair the houses of humankind, but by the | puncheon floor was invented in the same year that litter
at the beginning—or a few
months earlier?
But though lien. Kitchener is not
second to Lord Huberts
in success in
chair promotes laziness, encourages luxury, accompanies and accentuates nervousness and tangles up the feet
iug stands
Thu.se who go to the seashore for then summer vacations would get double the pleasure from the trip if ili«*y could take un exhilarating swim in the ocean instead of merely dipping in it or being buffeted and hammered by the waves until they feel as if they hud had an encounter with Coibett. So if you are going to take gymnastics of any kind in the near future, turn your attention to swimming, und you will gel undreamed, of pleasure and profit from the exp.ri-

mister Cream
W unt you let my boa y hev a pair of Easy toad ahuz ?
However, he wa* probably not more summarily sent a way as soon as Lord bonified than the schoolmaster who future out of ice and hard wood. The I Kitchener came up with the besirg- 'waived * letter from a man who l pun this | Ceylonese construct their furniture I i„g force, and that the ex-Sirdar
exaggeration of the Methuen's mistukm.
worst of Lord

ern woman, acting upon the advice of her doctor, the only man’s advice she is willing to take, has banished the cradle from the nursery ing motion injures the sweet little baby, she declares. And she buys another rocking chair for her own sitting room !
A house with rugs and pictures and books as its only furniture would be a queer spectacle at first sight. Yet such a house would save money to its owner, could be kept cleiner and more healthful, and would be equally as comfortable as, indeed, more so than, the house littered from cellar to at-
For that reason, if for
picturesque place of a half-hour be-The Esquimo make their ftir-
The fact that Lord Kitchener
was
no higher motive, the foolishness of] f„re man s heart-furniture is shown when
The rock-
one makes its inventory wall he hangs a picture Remorse has] from bamboo
wrote ;
a
zi, :,rzi ?:z M	.... ...... ""
back and spiked seat where he sits I worn or unclean, stuff them into the | but (Invvn to gaze upon the painting oui fire and get others from the near-by the wall. Here is a couch of cum-1 woods fort where he reclines until love of
euce
The letter which
a suggerftioa which h id
one person wrote
interpretation w here I heard to an editor, when discontinuing hie I	paper, contains internal evidence of
This experience is quite apart from lhe truth uf its assertions :
•“f™	ï-EHrEïErîE I SSS'EnlS j EiHHrE™ H
appetite things vicious, poisonous if wood and into the chairs and tables popularity with the officers through- bad the smartest family of boue that ........	.	...	,	palJt8ble- Adown a long corridor	and wardrobes has been woven the	»ut the army-to	which of course,	ever dug taters
tic with all kinds and conditions	of	are pleasant walks with fair painting»	thoughts and aspirations of the home	Lord Roberta was	never a party
furniture. The mind of the house- on the walls and oozy nooks and of which it formed a part. The A member of Parliament whom I	-----*----	I was
keeper, now so largely occupied per- window seats. Here he meets and mind has its out-grown furniture that met in Kimberley went ,o fir as to	AN EXPLANATION	the neceesary and deairable arti*
tonally or by proxy, in dusting, clean- holds sweet converse with all the should go to the junk-shop. We cling characterise this feelinir as evidence Mrs Hi» i ,	i	cles that should go into a satchel. Being. scrubbing, would be free for other	wise intentions, the good angels of	to opinions we have outgrown, to	of h "conspiracy"	aga.nsi the hero	ina of "newsn	m9“n*	»ide9	a tu"	list	°f	toUat	l™l,lementa
•nd more satisfying occupations.	A |	his heart, and is stirred by them to	views whose soundness we can not	,rf Omdurman, but I afterward came	Hr lUx-It s	,h , V .	, .	lu	il	lncludeU	e°aP'	“1Us°"’	coart	P,a*'
Uhed altogether or at least limited bangs her pictures here, and imagina-	because they are the furniture of our	Lord Kitchener.	He wu simply re-	m‘in'
to simplest necessities her shackles | Hon adds a roseate glow to all that	earlier lives. Other people have	gnrded ns a man	reputed to ho need-
would be broken off or lightened. | comes that way. In heart-furni-	minds like a second-hand furniture	lessly stern,
one
it discussed.
USEFUL VOYAGE GIFT
If you have ever noticed how forgetful and bewildered people become when parking a satchel you will not smile at the useful little parting tok-
quick-witted niece gave her aunt. It was simply a card some four inches long and three inches wide, on which neatly written an enumeration
en a
tons, small mirror, address book and
pencil.
NOT BINDING.
Duin t I promise you a whipping If I	AGES OF MAN.
| you disobeyed me? asked his mother. At 25, remarked the amateur phlW
1,1	^; but I'll release you from the I oaopher, a man Is eager to refot a the
¦promise, ma, replied Johnnie, diplo- world. At 50 he U about ready to Nepura-ed maticullj.	L reformed himmelA
severe and exuding
Sweeping, that abomination of every	, ture man can folly least afford.	In-	shop
woman, w«*ild be an easy task, and	to the reception hall to which	the	cast-off theories	and misbeliefs of the
house-cleaning, that springtime dread	world may come and stand wTh	bat	passers-by
of every man. would Ipse its ter oi.
Into it are dumped all the when i>i command
His first conspicuous met when
>» he I South Africa
in hand, a. .1 mayhap si iwhile, it 1 world in religion, la business, in eooUl I (b ' t inepert serv from


?____L
###PAGE###3###

*
She will never jot y for drees.'
"I will foi ve her In cream cel or,' mi id Lord Lnehmar, derisively; "and yon can buy her hiIf a dozen munIhm the. blondest you can get— HOmn war-let rD<i home pale iblue I will wute you a check for twenty or thirty pounds before you go. Huy eveiy-t hi/ig n t Ponalord'a, where her luy-ahip deals."
"The den rest shop in llruinm, my
ing, trying to kindCe Hue fire of hi ion m Hint young mind.
" A* n younger eon you are hound
to distinguish yourself, Victor said
mar
tbe nigger servant, mile or female, in k perfect sybarite.
One of the must charming thing» noticeable about a lioer town is the plentjtudti of trees In the streets. They are often ornamental, always useful for purpose» of shade. There 1» no regularity about their distribution; they seem to have been planted spasmodically at odd time» and at odd positions. There is little about them to lead une to the belief that they received overmuch core after they had been put into the soil, i have found a very creditable library in pietty nearly every lh#er town that 1 have visited and it is a noteworthy faofc that all of our most cherished authors find a place on their bookshelves. One other thing 1 have noticed, which, though a small thing in itself, is yet veiy significant, in nearly every hotel, and m many of the public place», portraits of onr Queen and members of the it oval family have been hanging side by side with portraits of notable men such as Mr. Gladstone, Lord A stoop Salisbury. Mr. Chamber lain, and Mr.
During the course of the the prt t hway, and there is not hing else war all kinds and conditions of Doers to be seen from the outside front, have had free access to the rooms Th'-fle houses look bare and bald, and where t hi.*»v pur trail» were to be seen,
am-
PICTURE Of BOER TOWNS.
%
UNREQUITED LOVE.
she
Your poor brother is Lord Lash-
THEY ARE BUILT UP WITHOUT ANY
PLAN OR BEAUTY.

lie can afford to dream away hie days in a library ; but you will h ivo no distinction except that which y<,IJ may win for yourself. You must I he architect of your own for-( uiiee"

BY MISS M. K. Bit ADDON
ll»«* llwrllingt Are Nearly All Alike I oui I» » r «I Willi Knitll-.li •lomen Firmly of Tree* In ike Hoer Town.
A liner (own Is not laid out on systematic I mem, as urm see.» t owns in Can-ad* or Australia. Tbr streets seem to
"I wish he were »aue," retorted lier [any yoting woman on your hat who ladyship, "and then he would not | would make n good maid for Stella# have brought home that Radical h
'There is Barber'» niece, her father
Is in t ho garden, don’t you know* "Oh, but if he likes to provide for I ft*rber'n niece ban been wonting to tin little thing, lend her to some | come hare for the last nix months/ cheap school or some institution—
imp "
lord."
"The dearest shop* are agit to be the cheapest in the long run,'
"Ten pounds ought to be ample, even at Pouhford's," said Barber
"I wouldn’t much mind being the sr-
chilert," « iid Victor; but I don’t want run iriU°h as they p.'euae, or as t be
t	m cs of traffic hat ,* :	m
to lie t tw builrir/r—not to have io iay biick upon brick and carry the hod * °f njortar, don't you know—not to to work my way upward inch by some poor l**.ggurs do in the -j or in the law.”
" You need hnve no profession hut
>!il iitl.”	I
1 should like to see Barbar a niece
to run. I doubt if the plun of a town is ever drawn in this country People arrive and settle down in a happy-go-lucky manner, and straightway build t henweIves a borne Their homes ere plures to lite in, not to look at.
There is an almost utter absence of architectural adornment everywhere.
Avt I mil writing this epistle my eyes can Cange over a large number of dwellings. They ere nearly all alike ain, square structures, plastered snow while. . There is a double door in t hi* centre of the front, and a w.n-dfiw at each side.of the door
about six feet wide, rises a foot from Rhodes
he Ja I this afternoon."
The intruder did not take kindly
or|Vhsnngim—don’t you know rich enough to indulge bu benevolence It was in vain that tbe great Lady I 0 her new life. Again and Pit land's daughter protested against VN1,b Ifit ecus t en rs and childish hei ste|h-son a folly in adopting a *<Ni zoning iteration, she entreated to
pauper’s brat and hinted that the | he <Hken ,0 hrr f»‘ber. "Where is
daddy? Take me to my daddy!’ Tak<
me to my daddy!’’ that was the bunion
of her cries. So with weak tender-
shall only have lo buy material* Jur h
i ve
ng iin
Betsy is very clever with her needle, inr|. ami she will make all (he little frocks ohlireh and things '
Betsy grinned and reddened at
thi* praise.	I " That's deuced m ow work and deuc-
exdaim'fl e<l bnrd work. I'm told. One has to 1 shall make the chfcck drudge
twenty, end be Mure you buy soft
un
oloven foot of Socialism showed it self in I be act.
Whet a capital Methyl Ld.sJima r
I made up my mind as we drove home last nigh
over blue books and cram mla-
ti*tie.H and *il in the online on Summer
ness he took the little girl upon hi* lap and drew lier to his breast and
see her
mother,’ laid Lash
mm, gently, gravely, resolutely, in a
tone w hu h her ladyship knew only ' ,ol‘l her that *he should too well. "Spilling!on and the child | fnUjvr h*am Borne day.
"Today? Now y she questioned.
No, dear; not now—not to-day. lie I have long j be* tfone on a long journey.'*
To London?'' she asked.
and fine stuffs; 1 want my little girl to look pretty.”
"Thnt she will never do. in y lord/ answered Barber w|ih conviction; '» ut me and Betsy will do our best to ma ko her look nice."
iffernoon# to ask questions when Itife and fashion are at flood tide at Huiürighnm or when the Four-inHand (Vhb is mee> ing by the Maga-lf I could make a great speech now uj or. some burning question at
were both asleep. I moan to adopt ltoldwood's child and to bring her up as in y own daughter wished for something to love—some young unschooled creature that
zi no
The inquest iijsin Jonathan Hold-wood was held next day and Lord fjn Laahmar warn present. No one camo
midnight and wake next morning to
A longer journey than that/ Where?"
• toyaeéf famous.”
Ah, that is the way with t>oys. They to succeed without working for
should be dependent upon me and should giou up at my feet as it were.
I atii very fond of Victorian, but he £° there some day and you shall be can seldom be my companion. But a! w*'b him again." friendless little girl, whom lean train and educate into companionship, will afford me just the kind of solace, just tlie kind of innocent sympathy which ! ecrambling off Lashmar s lap and i have sighed fur. A little more than | running towards the door.
Lashmar followed and stopped her;
ore as expression!*»* us a blind baby but now I find that no damage has To me, most house* have an expression beem done to any of these pictures, of their own
To n beautiful country. You shall
forward out of Bold wood s past life to tell w'hat the man had been or to testify to any interest in him. When the coroner asked what had been done with the child Lord Lashmar stepped forward and said that he had adopted her. and would hold himself re-
w in
em - ess I *
excepting those of Mr. Rhodes and In mi Eng l*h town a quiet walk Mr. Chamberlain. This has out been
To be Continue»!
Let me go now.” No. dear; not yet.”
But I will
in i he dawning, making a survey of ttfl oversight on the part of the Boes* the dwelling places, always leave* the for i defy any person to find a soil* impression 1 hut 1 have gleaned an m- tfiry fM< ttire of the two last-named sight into the charade! of the dwell- gf,atlemen that ha- not been haoked
with knives. But the Queen and Rof» al family photographs have in every with its *up*rabundsnoe of ornament case been treated with respect, is a monument in masonry to the successful mining jobber on a small scale.
The solemn-looking, solid dwelling, standing in its own grounds where every flower bush has Its individual ji op, where tbe lawn is trimmed with mathematical exactitude, and not one vagrant leaf is allowed to stray, eqxr iks v\îi h a kind of brick and mortar eloquence of virtue that has never grasped the sub firm* fulness of the Scriptural text which saith :— ' The way of the fm neg lessor*- is hard!” •
This is 1 he home of the midd'e-aged ('binchman, whose feet from infancy | have fallen amid rosea He has never erred ; because he has never known enough of human sympathy and huma n to! and human struggle to feel temptation. The coy little cottage further on. surrounded by climbing roses and sweet-smelling herbs, v here , the gnte Is left (just a little bit oj»en |
.i# if inviting a welcome, seems advertise itseif as the home of two maiden sister*, who, though past the giddy girlhood stage, still have hopes of being somebody's darling, by-aml
cried the child,
go."
SIGNALS AT SEA
Ihry Are ><iit Itelii* M; de Pllh Miami
fill Hrrwork*.
bis therein
sponsible for her fulure welfare.
"I don’t think t lye re is any one who
a dog, u little less than an equal
\o\i will find the creature a lior-1 cried and etorined and struggled rible nuisance before you have done | with him. with her. If you should think of mar-lying, for instance.”
TIIE CHEEKY-LOOKLNG VILLA
In the old days it was a mariner's will dispute thnt privilege with you,” belief that all signals to be effectu-my lord,” said the coroner
the child will grow up to be grateful terday , to-day the case is different to you for your noble conduct in si v-
I hope aj must be simple, but that was yes-
"I want to go to my (kiddy; J will go to my daddy/*
He was a quarter oi an hour aooth-
A FASHIONABLE WEDDING.
At Greenwich, Conn., recently, there we.* a wedding—one of the most remarkable weddings that has evet taken place in America markable ;
Because it co*t the bride’s father $1,500,000
Because t he father's present to the bride was a check for $1.000,000.
Because it took 150 men to decorate the church and bouse.
Because a special wedding march was written for the occasion Because the oldest tapestries in tho world were bought for the occasion.
B ' au-e the bride’s trousseau cost
$2.00 000.
Because the floral decorations eoet 1125,000.
Because the carriages which convey-t( ed the guest* to the church formed a line of more than a mile.
Because a boy choir from old Trinity Church in New York was hired to escort the bride.
Becau-e a church was entirely re.
From the many beautiful combinations invented by Mr. Pain, the famous maker of fireworks, it would ap-
"I ebull never many, never have children of iuy own. By the time|*n6 ter and arguing with her this girl has grown up 1 shall be de dining into the vale of years, will be my link with the future hove been told lately—you remember my long chat with Sir William Spell-
ing her life.”
Lord Lashmar told the authorities (Wit he wiJULil pay for a decent fun-•rad and a grave in the cemetery out- < 6d liy ,h(1 old ga|t in reepect of ,ig
side Bruinm.
He attended the funeral in person two days afterward, by do means an agreeable duly, since all the rabble of Bruinm turned out to do honor
Tell mo your Dame, little one,'
pear that that implicit/ once demand-
She he asked
It was re-
Stella.”
1
nais used at sea is i thing of the past, for signaling at sea is now accommodated with that picturesqueness associated with the pyrotechnic
"Stella! That is a very pretty :ni me.'
It means a star,” said the child
•si tin- list time he came down to see im>— thiit in spite uf miserable I Daddy told me.”
Will you be my star? Will you
art
health I may live to be an old man
And you look to the child of such I hve with me in this house, and play a man as Bold wood to be your friend those gardens out there, and go
after year?—the *n m>* boat on the river#'
No.” said the little one firmly,
to their favorite agitator
Ten years ago and mure it occurred to the* firm named to bring out an entirely new system of signaling at sea Bolil(wood hud	taught bis child a	bv night, and they brought it before
after she had	contemplated that	de-	g re it deal, Jiad talked to her of sub-	the notice of the leading steamship
licious picture	for	some	moments.	"1	jects far beyond	her years. He had	c* m pa nies who adopted it at once. To-
don't want to	live	with	you. D»want	taught tier ue a	man of largo brain	day the pyrotechnic system is genii my daddy/	and hi/>	likely
Lis lunar explained how the journey teach. He had taken her on his Jap Every ship leaving port must carry on which daddy had gone must needs and talked to her at random, roam- a certain supply of signals fur distress last for a long time, how Summer and ing from rubjpet to subject, now tell-' pu.poea. th s consisting of rocke s, Winter must pass before he could ing her some legend of the old Greek blue lights, detonators and so forth, come hack, or S i el la go to him, but fairyland and now some strange fact	a)j ab;ut lUd pieces; but it is
how they should meet in the days to about the manners and customs of jef^ to (he discretion of the various
croeodd.'pfl. There was one subject
CHAPTER V
and coin pun ion m mongrel of a gyp«y and a demagogue/’ exclaimed Lady Lashmar, unable to control bei tempei
allowance for hereditary instincts
You make no
era i
"1 believe more in association and education th in in hereditary instincts. The child has a fine broad forehead, bright well-opened eyes, sensitive nostrils, thin lips, delicate chin—not at all a bad subject to woik upon ’
"1 icully think she is the ugliest child 1 ever beheld,” said Lady Lash-iuar, rapping the table with an elephant's tusk paper knife. How you who pretend to worship ideal beauty can be interested in such a lit lie monster is more than loan understand."
"She is small and brown, but 1 don’t think hei ugly. Her eyes shone like stars last night. It is my idea that she will grow up a very interesting ¦woman."
"You have such odd ideas/
come
Companies and owners to carry on And you will	off crying, and which he had never touched upon—	their ves.seIs any other kind of
be had toLd her nothing about her
bye
be very good, for his saxe, won't you
'FaIh«‘is God
modeled for the ceremony, and
Because l,7<hJ persons were engaged to make the wedding a perfect suc-
signals, either for private use or, as we have said, for signaling at night.
But in a Boer town most of the piety is knock el out of a man You stare at the housed, and they stare ba k at you dumbly. There is nothing pretentious or rakish about any of them;
It wan left to Lashmar to teach
Stella?’ pleaded L ashmar are unhappy when their children have been
they hear that her to pray. That first simple form
Up to the time of the creation of naughty, of prayer which he had learnt years the MWer „yatem (here waa no rec-You will be good, and you will : iy io ago from tils nursery governess ,e i love me, won't you Stella, for daddy s back to his memory one evening when
the child was bidding him good-night
cess
came
$1,000,000
lOO.i 00
25.000
20 oeo
50.000
Gift to bride.................
I lorul do1 rat ions at church
no matter bow riotous a mans imag- pjor.4| decorations for house ination uiight be. he could nevei con- Bride’s trousseau.
wink ” from a Boer house, |Collation. ......
i rriages 800.	.	.	.	.
Special train.................
,( Detectives on guard, 10 at a passing travel- Gifts to attendants.
Music.
Cruise on Oneida.
ognized or organized method for noting ships that had passed in the night so that it was a difficult matter
sake# '
He saw Barber’s niece after lunch-, in the Summer dusk.
Stella, I hope you say your pray-
fov officials stationed at points along the coasts of the various seas to determine the name and owners of a vessel as she passed, but now, if you were standing by the side of a Lloyd's agent, and in the black night out at sea you distinguished a blue light fore, red light amidships, blue light aft, and two rockets throwing blue, red ami green balls simultaneously, the same officer would tell you that that was the signal of a boat of a certain line.
The law dues not compel a ship’s owner to carry such signals, but their
jure up a
though 1 have seen houses in other ports of t|ii- world that seemed
eon, and found her a buxom, chubby cheeked young woman, with a fine, ere beside your little bed every night
engaged and morning," he said.
"What are prayers?” she asked. Betsy said I ought to say my pray-but I don’t know what
8,00
1,000
00
honest countenance; so he
"cock an eye 1er and invite him to try the door
1/00
her at once to be Stellas special at-
25,000 . 300.000
"Don't be angry, mother,” pleaded j tendpnt Lashmar, with wondrous gentleness
They have only two My les of roofing tu their dwellings,—either the old-fashioned gab.'e roof or the still old-
eon to." the latter being
One of the two rojxns was to be e,a
"Grunted that lam somewhat centric—nsture has made me in mould uf her own, jou see— but uf tei all 1 have very few whims I premise you that this last caprice of mine shall give you no trouble. The child shall live in this house; but you need hardly be aware uf her existence. All she will want will be a couple ol rooms on the top slbry, where we have a score uf rooms that only serve as a rat warren.”
"Alice, not rats, ’ protested her lady-
Total
.	. .$1,525,700
e<> furnished as a sitting-room; the other a I anil inner chamber was to contain two beds for nurse and child.*
means.
” Did daddy never teach you to pray Set lia Î”
er kind of nothing but a flat top, high at the front and running lower toward tlie back, in order that the rain water may carry off rapidly. They paint their doors and windows
THE WILL AND THE WAY
She shook her head.
" If It wnB good he would have
he was always
And
"She ought to thrive and flourish m such a bower as this/ thought I,;, si mai and then be gave Barbers i ie<<—in future to he know n as Betsy '
—sum* broad general instructions as
tv tee bringing up of childhood upon	to pray_too y0UDg
e,	hghtened pr.nc.plee-cold water. BUn(faboul the God wbo created you
f.	esh air, regular meals, and good anJ al, a, m a„d whom we all ought , their uwn peculiar private signal-,
an pie food being the chief points. (<j [ovy ,in<1 ttl ge^ir	and to secure correctness this pyro
Aid tv the elder Barber, he intrusted (be task of procuring the child out lit. She might be driven over to Bruinm that afternoon, he suggested, and could make all her purchases Lcfoie the shops were shut, if her ladyshif would kindly dispense wi.fa
h-r Bcv.ce* for a few hour».	, w and caring for us
I think I can manage to arrange that with Cel es tine," said Barber.
CeJesline was the Parisian and Superior maid, who re-arranged Mrs.
Monsoons gowns, and repaired her ladyships priceless laces.
"Do, like a good soul; and be sure you thunk the coachmans wife for ls I lending the little one clothes for to- the story of Jesus.
,day. You will please buy everything The child listened, her eyes wide of ihe best, but of the simplest. When she is a year or two older I may choo e her fro ks myself, perhaps. For the. present I should like her lobe diets ed always in some cream*-coloted stuff—some kind of soft woolen material, and then she need have but very few undergarments, and no weight of clothing to impede her movements.'
"Lord n mercy, what a mollycoddle,' thought Barber, and then she tured n remonstrance on economical grounds.
"Cream color so soon gets dirty, my lord," she said, "don’t you think now that a neat lilac print, a small pattern, and rather dark, would be better?"
Nell—It h simply impohsible for a Kill to love more th in one man at a 11 in?.
Hess—Of course it is; but there la
taught me,” she said
good to Stella.”
" Prayer is good for us all. dear.
Daddy may have thought you too
to under- practicability is so palpable that very
few owners have failed to register
A SOBER REDDISH BROWN
nothing h pi • ent severs) men from for your t rue Boex bws an utter con- iuV1I1g one girl at the su me time.
tempt for anything gaudy or gay. He
leaves that sort of thing to his nig-
THE GOLDEN RUJLK.
ger servants, who make up for the master's lack of appreciation In the
matter of color by rigging themselves kiss every baby she sees?
She—To	w i h it she is willing to
God ; he technic system of signaling at Sears
duly recognized.
He —Why is it that a girl wants to
" Daddy said there was no Slid only fools I relieved 'L God.”
"My lit tie girl, if we want to be happy we must have something higher and 1 letter than ourse ves to look We want the consciousness of
ship
an
Well, we'll call ihem mice. It
ut in anything that is startling in
the way of contrasts, for if the white do unto others as she master is a Puritan in such things others do unto her, I suppose
bounds pleusamei; only they are the biggest breed I ever saw and the noisiest. However, my piotege will help to scare away the mice. 1 shall engage a maid for her, and arrange a couple ui rooms for her and her maid, those two pretty rooms in the bouthwest tower, for instance. She will live on that lop floor, have her meals there, plague no one; and when 1 want her comiKiny in my study l can have her brought down to me as
You
t
would hive
HE TOOK THE PICTURE AFTER
ALL.
A certain artist declares that a friend and protector watching over newiy betrothed lover commissioned
Happily mos
up to
a
You Can Have Confidence
hint to paint a secluded nook in the rocks on the shore, because there he
it is
of um hove that consciousness born with un. a part of our being ; takes #trange and various forms in
had declared hi* passion. The picture
painted, but before it was don
different lands, but is always the same (be luVer 6aid t0 the artist, instinct—a looking upward.”
And then, feeding that his words oui side the child's comprehension he drew her toi his breast and told her
was
Of course, I shall pay for that picture as agreed, but my engagement is off. and, of course, it would be painfully suggestive to me. If you can sell it to somebody else I will take another picture and be extremely ub-
in tho medicines that have stood the test of years In pvt vale practi03 and mads famous the name of Dr. A. 17. Chase.
we re
1 would any other plaything
meet her on the stairs or in the
may
uiidor occasional ly. Rut that
Seldom if ever has a physician so two boxas and my health improved thoroughly won th’ confidence of the so rapidly that I ordered twelve people as has Dr A. W. Chase, more, through th" absolute reliability of his Recipe Book aid th* wonderful effi-
about the utmost you need see of her "This is your house, Lashmar. choose to have it infested by the
with wonder.
" Daddy did not know, or he wou have loved Jesus, ' she said.
And then Lawhmar taught her the first four lines of thiat childish pra>-e?r which he hud learnt from bis g° ’
three and twenty years be-1 ly Gentle Jesus, meek and mild
,j ; liged besides.
The painter assented to th. sr
rangement, but within a week his pa- | ency of his great prescriptions
tron again presented himself:
It is all right, he announced jeteus
"1 can sny frankly that this treatment has no equal in the medical world. WhihAising Dr. Chase's N*rve Food I could feel ray system being built up until now I am strong ana healthy. I cannot recommend it toe highly for weak nervous people.*'
CONSTIPATION.
vou
Hjxiwn of Socialism it is not for me
SALT RHEUM
to gainsay you.
"I hope the day will fume
will be reconciled to my adopted

Mr. John Hrod*rick, Newmarket, Ont., writes:—"I hive been troubled for thirty years with salt rheum ! used remedies, uni was treated t»y newal*of your engagement ? the artist | physicians all that time, but all fail-
I spent hundreds
when
; I’ll take that picture.
Am 1 to congratulate you on the re-
you
daughter; when she may perhaps be a rout fort to you as well as to me.'
"Never. Lashm irl 1 can t lerate her existence in the house out of defer-
I should have to sob-
er nees
fore:
look upon a lit tie child."
Stella repeated the words after him I a^ked | |
In her clear ewvet tones; the first | The other seemed a little confused prayer those lips had ever syllabled. | but quickly recovered his self-posses
and grinned as he said ;
Well, not exactly. It was the same I ment
Mrs. W. H. Fisher, Preston, Ont., states:—"! can recommend Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills for constipation. I was troubled for about nine years, and have spent hundreds of dollars with doctors and for remedies I heard of, but they failed to even give relief. Hearing of Dr Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills I procured a box, and they ha v# cured me of this long-standing con*, plaint. ! don’t have to use tlem any more at all. which goes to show that Mr. A. T. P. Lalani'', railway agent the cure is complete and pmmanent.”
Imitators of Dr. Chase’s Remedies
ed to cure me was no cure for in* of dollars trying to get relief, hut all in vain tri.H sample box <>f Dr. Chase's Oint-I found great relief, and hid the first night's rest in years •topped th* itching immediately. One i cared me. L to suffering humanity.”
ven-
My son brought me a
ence to you mit if you took it into your head to keep a i att leHtnnke; but 1 have none of your Utopian ideas; and I have not the least doubt that you will have cause to repent your generous folly before you and your protege are three
followed—the Lords
sum
Other prayers
Prayer first and chief est—and Betsy s
mHHHH relieved of a burden place, but the girl was different
conscience was
Stella had lived nearly a month at j the castle before she encountered Lady
Publish these facts
AN ARTISTIC INNOVATION. Mrs. Nibber—What ails that paint-
NERVOUS DEBILITY.
Lashmar. The dowager had gone up
to	London	with	Victorian	and	taken	ing,	Mrs.	Fadd ?	It looks	so	queer,
of	parting	with	her	idol.	She	talked |	I've	hung	it	upside down.	1 bat ever-	muc^	un(j consulted	doctors, and	used	box of his	genuine remedies.	For	salé
water made	ma so	medicine	in	v i:i F	> n • months a g > I	at ill dealers, or EJmunsSm,	Bates	4M
heard	of	Dr.	Chase's	Nerve Food,	used j Company,	Toronto,
years older."
"We will compare notes three years hence, and 1 hope that I shall con-
' Good heavens, not Do you suppose 1 want her to look like a workhouse
, . vhildf I want her to brighten the vine* you thut you were mistaken, | gardens by her presence, like a
said Lashmar with perfect good tern- beautiful human butterfly.’
And now, mother, have you
to him of his future—hie career—em- I sating running pbasizing the word with heroic mean- tired.
'She is such a plain child, my lord
per


###PAGE###4###

—
\NTI P lioiiPht imui or wotnRn to tr« vi-1 fur Urge I,
list'*, Will |, ash K, ||
MA N AUK II
\\
Farm for Sale.
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
monthly punition p*r-
MtnnpeU pii. m b:Ug., t lit.
mi ; wainry @ Inm-fl •hires
MASSEY-K.6RR1S WARE-ROOMS
. » . SHAWVIU.E . . .
I
SH AW VILLE
l«'|ie
x
mg
\
SIIAWVILLE JULY 5. 1909
lit* I
I
Clearing’
SALE of Millinery
V

I
EDITOR I XL NOTES
I
i
DO YOU WANT
A WAGGON
THAT WILL STAND
P"1' 1
uml, 1

\
The judicial commission a; the Laurier Government u> election frauds, which t wore ventilated before the IViviloiMM pul Klcctiona In arranged to hold its first r LNth.
Ipuilitcd I'V irujuir the
i. «
farmers l
DEEDING
Resolution.
I
\
! nui now oil
1
S3'AT COST
tl
V»ef ro tho House me morning last nil the Conservât it t en met in room N Sir Charles Tupper, who sailed for England on Friday morning, from Montreal, Speeches were made by Sir Charles, lion. Geo. E, L ister ai d Mr. E. F. Clarke. The meeting was moat enthusiastic, and hr ko up with singing, good fellow and cheers
rhurs.l
t i
f I
liioii
i

îe test on any kind of road ?
+1
il. M \ I l
nl.lv M
'4 «>f
BINDERS MOWERS, HAY RAKES
w, A
to any g'-vd-byv t
1
»
H A TS. HON NETS.
Ml i\S, \ EIA ElS, l X i ES. CHIFFONS,
VEILINGS, FLOW EUS, FEATHERS,
i
The Bain Waggon
t thv d verr.n.vht n . ; riiy at is to tiso once a day and vote against an investigation int new rascality
Ra ti e emergency food ration i<»v«ati-galion the Ottawa Citizen rcmatka
You can net them ns well as Let the Grit majority lay the whitewash
' n the nantit militia ai ti. ^k ns may. When the electors scratch the Liberal ticket in the coming election Dr. Borden will be found guilty of culpable negligence in the matter of the emergency ration.
1
Ottawa has t
and
f
Has proven a success all over the world. There
are hundreds of them in use at the present time ^ ^ nlost Stylis^ and Updo-
Date Nature.
ai u v
V.tpu lireton Advocate.
XRKTlii: IIKST MAD!
He'd a jolly
i
i
with the Imperial troops in South Africa, made by the Bain Waggon Co. of Canada. We are offering the people of Pontiac the same Waggon at reasonable prices.
well ns all kinds of Farming Implements, Binder Twine, Stoves, Ranges, Vvc.
The Advance states it is almost a certainty that Sir Wilfrid Laurier will attend the Liberal convention which is to be held in Pontiac shortly. The iTe-
W virvtini>l.uivvi compel my early retirement from Imsinvs, x.!v » ill continue at cost price until the whole stock is sold out.
"m'r,ia 11 P'tfaain« '*'y intorwtinK ! E. j. MARTIN S, IMPLEMENT DEPOT
speaker, and if the electors of Pontiac are
to have the pleasure of hearing him they !	LADYSMITH,
may credit the fact to their Conservative neighbors ; a visit front the Premier becomes a necessary expedient when the grand old man has been over the ground.
MRS. IVjcWILLIAMS,
Shawville.
Vacancies in the Commons
The death » f Lieut -Col. Tyrwhitt leaves six vacancies in the House vf C >ramons. There are three constituencies vacant, through death, two from members accepting office, and one from resignation. Those who died since the session opened *ro Bertram (Toronto Centre) Haley (Hants, N. S ) and Tyrwhitt (South S coe).
Our prices and terms defy competi
SMART & SMITH.
tion
r
DIFFERENCE.
try, and they can judge for themselves.
In dealing with the vast y more serious
As one result of Sir Charles Tappet's
visit to Shawville, Conservatives will	_	...
scarcely again be taunted by the local	of the \ ukon ecandale, the (,ov- S,r Henry.Toly and Mr. Bernier have ac
eminent made sure that they would bl »ck cepted ( dice.	^
“ P. S.
-Buggies, IVJowers and Binders.
The fact that the name of
our place of l>udne.HN Ijjim been changed from Purkumn to Starke's Corners makes no difference with us.
We are <i\\ in the old stand, doing hush ties.s on ti e same fair, square dealing lines and ever ready to meet the requirements of our customers.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
* NEW AND COMPLETE
STOCK OP
Grits with the assertion, which has been common during the past two or three years, that Mr. Pouporo had deserted his political friends and gone over to the Liberals, In his very flattering reference to Mr. Poupore’s parliamentary record, Sir Charles was particular to state, among other qualities which he admired in the member fur Pontiac, that he was always to be depended upon when required ; that he was devotedly attentive to his parliamentary duties, and when he had anything to say in the House lie said it with
Mr. Mc l tines, Nanaimo, British Col urn bia, resigned to run f< r the Legislature. All except South Simcoe were Liberal seats.
There is only one writ issued, and that L for the election of Mr. Bernier on duly
any possibility of disclosures coming through judicial channels by calling cn its followers to vote down the proposal to have a 4.0mmission to investigate the charges ; and they did for the people to promptly turn down the men whose actions will not bear the light of enquiry.
@g|, Patent Express
uggy Wheels
It now remains
11
a
%
f
Tin* Liberal boast “Wait t 11 you set us next year seems to have been a dviscdlj sp ken. List year’s sixty n estimates was unprceder.ted, 1 ut this yeai'ses'inmUs excetd all previous records 111 amount, whilst the way for public w unlimited uck essnvss figures :
Supplementary estimates current, $
• I*; supplementary estimates current, j?l,-ôtvî.414 ; nain estima es, tPVd48,o'd2. Main estima:-'*, *upj 1 -in-tary, §7,244 l. Grand • tu, $ôd,P7& Ôi-O.
\nd now it i. said that railway subsidies for several turbin s are yet ben g held it. re erve.
î -
and
W
i
l.S ( t

/
Georgian Bay Ship Canal
V
Summer
(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
%D0U0ALL and OUZNEf^’S Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
wh'ch vote? ks ate mked points t-
iivre are the
The Montreal and tie. rgi.m Biy Canal , scheme (previously referred to in these t >rce and dignity. Cuming from the columns) is at ptest-nt a piivate et tor-
leader vf the Conservative party, this prise. The pn spec IS « f its c« list rue: in
statement should be a suffi vient answer ' 8re «tidily growing brighter, and the
fact that in American quitters the scheme
is causing considerable alarm, is one vf
y to Cun- the best evidences • f its prticticu
and value.—Belfast News letter.
Goods

" hi ! eml r ice a varh ! « - u • ment of tl
to those who have been inclined to cast doubts on Mr. Poupore’d f ecrvsitiie interests.
the market un totveoni
1 >
1
mci; ! tlvtn to customer*
MCMULLEN'S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
Thoao who depend upon the Advance for their information regarding important public events in the c unty, will tancy, be somewhat disappointed with the carping editorial criticism, which in last week s issue of that journal, takes the place of a report < f the meeting held here on the 23rd ult
deny the right of the txp diency Libeial quill driver to criticise and deride what took place at that meeting, to his souls ntent, but it will occur to many that at least he should have had the fa have given a fair unbiassed outline o; what was said at that meeting. Pei pie are certainly more interested in the ings and doings of our prominent public men, than in any
individual’s opinion of thee utter»,,c s and cent.; What b your present ere .mi,,* ir act*. 1 he average in tell'gent mind system. You prubab’y have some conception prefers the substance to the shadow of of its wastefulness. Stop to think, in ad such matters, and when a statesman of <lh1' n* *ts c rime and lao->r; its
Si,Ch.,l„T„„ 4mm %8X~k‘"*
cs great political issues before a Pontiac Get these points and figures together for audience fur nearly an hour and a half, ,t your consideration, just as a: y manufact
will scarcely ba sstisfact ry to those wh>
did not hear him to learn that his speech , affecling hi, baiioeM. Then consider the was mainly of a “ reminiscent character, facta herewith presented, reduce them to without the .minutest reference to the figures to lit your own individual case,
-subjects dealt with by the veteran Con amI comPare lhvnî with Present results
% y» www. LtliïszTZ »
.hity 4)wards Mr. 1 oupore, with which will be guaranteed you as a condition of iho article bristles throughout, and the your purchase of a De Laval Separator, strained attempts which are made to die-	Quantity.—If you use an improved
r» ,hv r"r’- tr - T
constuu.cd the ru.tng inspiration which yield. If you use such a creamer without of Jersev. L,;_hmd, uh> h is l>wn governed the Advance man in producii g 1 ice, add 20 per cent. If you use simply Vancouver, B. fur the i-ast ten wars his caustic, bitter and unmanly tirade. Pal13 or crcc‘i3’ or practice similar setting, js home • n a visit to relative'. M
add;;" p eut. If your dim i warm 1 will visit his or variable, add another 1" per cent, turning to Vancouver.
The 0 nent granted a farliamen* during ai ms, no matter what your m Di Kit . M^erHar
Ury enquiry into the emergency r,'.ion %uTV-.I,ynuu,eanimrroWcre.m.
de.il,taking care hrs., however, to expurge er, add two to five cents to the value of Mi's Annie Beckett arrived h from Mr. Monk's charge the clause each pound of butter, according to the Thursday for her summer holiday? which stated that he could prove the price you may bs ohtiining, for improve- Mr. T. Sheppam, Ottawa, «pent Sun
Minister of Militia was guilty of culpable ment- 111 <jU?!‘7*, If y^u n‘iy SImI' y }** day vidting frtvn.U here
negligence in connection with the pur Cl'Znn^Vajy^Z^^^ZVceZ vi*i!^
chase. Then to make it doubly certain according to same condition,	Hat tray.
that no blame snould attach to the Min- Water L e. If yru use ice or ; utnp Mr.' T. ,\. Proudfovt, (V>nl
iater. the Committee appointed to deal wa>er m creaming your milk, hgure what Sunday in P,rtige tli,
•.* .,	.	,	. . ice and its storage, handling, time labor, mother Mis F Murrdn
with the matter c mtained a majority of costs you or represents to you in the
strong partisan Libera’s who did all they course of a year, and what the saving of
could to stifle every effort to get at the 8Hlr*e would mean to you.
truth. Notwithstanding this, sufficient ^gi-Milk.—KstinKit » the present ...	.	. "	.	,	value of your skim-milk, as near y as you
was discuxseti tu show t.iat toe c.large was can, no matter what the use to which y -u
well founded—that Dr. Borden a depart may put it, and then double or treble
ment purchased a quantity of stuff utterly such estimate by reason of having it warm.
useless for the purpose for which it was	**5^ fresh from tnc cow, possessed
intended, ar:d paid tr- >0 per pound for	auch	natural state.	Consider,	too, in
it, when its actual value was only 30	addition, the time,	labor and	trouble
cants per pound. The majority report to	aaved	in having to	warm it if	used in <,
feeding in your present way.
Time—Labor—Estimate as nearly as you can a saving of one-half the time in churn-wash the Minister, to show that there ing; the saving of time in handling, setting
was nothing irregular about the transac- and skimming the milk; the saving oi
tion. But thinks to the press the evi-1 litme !“ ™hing an<? c|ri"« f°r thf *e‘tin 1 ,	. ,	..	.	.	utensils; and particularly the drudgery
dence taken at the invest,gat,on has gone of a|| thie wc}k to the already
out to the electors throughout the coun- I urdened housewife or daughter.
TEAS! TEAS !
Would a Cream Separator Pay
You ?
In addition to above there is the s of $1,803.47 i : the > utl
mskttu the total asked f r so f..r | 700,t ' 1 >r til :
• o e
» o •
I
special eat mi itt.s up t
Afr.cau c ntinget t,
over
i". a million over !.. at
we
f T
(
tend utisiirpiMcd in It will pay you
There id nothing very dik mining the answer to this qaesii >n upo the part of every owner or tinker up of the pr duct of five— r even one—or more cows. The considerations involved are capable t f easy and accurate reck-»: and there is haidiy anyone who cat simply and readily decide the question f„% himself, and make no p s-ible mistake in doing so.
To begin with, you are, of c -tira q keeping cows for protiq or, in < tlier \\< ids, a>
7
tier
i
Are uot Surpasned in tho World.
I unlit y and pi
to give them a trial
t-r <k l
i
yea
m r
: With Wire Felicias

SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
lit
Canadian Implements for
Canadians.
Xj one of c; urae wil
r*k
>N
I
r
ful
lu the cuurso <? its dt-EC ipti m t-f tb recent bin delivery at S\ Matys < f Max well harvesting machinery the T- ruti Globe voices the sentiment « f many think Canadian factories should have the * business, or a branc.i of y ur business vf Cauadiau implement trade. Til- ext act
f irming. Tnerefore you may p:operly f .Lowing U tho (üobî’s la,tgua.-a:— take up this question as a business man say would consider any other business pro position.
How many cows have you! Whit is their product in volume • f butter a:.! in dollar*

HIM
\ ; u*. on
Dale Bros
VU
HOC FENCING.
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Picton, Ont.
who
mess
* Our universal cry is now kiC mada for Canadians." A wave of loyalty U spreading fir ami unie, the evidence if which is mMimes confus n/, to say the least, hi To:onto, when the wlob \\ -pu’a?i«»n went mad over tin pmepect of a,i early peace, no fl ig Lu: the “dear ol 1 cue ”waa I ( tolerated on the streets. But her mystery: List year nearly two miILui d' liars’ worth cf farm niacl
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE,
For s
by t!ii 11.u,lware ?! e Can
GEN. AGENTS : The G. (ii Agent for Il illv ay Fencing :
with Manvti

1
\
Ha
ware .7
particular private
i
Wit
A *
I
eu 11
9
d li
ery was pur chased by Cmidiau firnurq neatly a! from the Stat*a. The «jues ion arises: 1 ur I y ally t.. i'n »
A Travelling’
General Agent
Pped to .supply mutvî* of
8
y
when we encourage those who tv ale of the bu
a <
urcr cr mere ha it would do in determin ing the wisdom of a charge or investment
T11K sFKlNt, ANI) SI MMER ÏHADL with a complete Mock
m il y
eus vf taxation and invested capita’, who distribute as little nmnt y as po-s Lie in Canada, remitting » very V, dinr io f ster a trade th.t menaces our own :
i
An experienced canvasser, or a man with good CORRESPONDENCE ! character and address, with the necessary ability
” t0 travel frcm town to town and appoint agents. mJNo canvassing. Salary and expenses paid.
i,, i tion permanent and promotion according to merit
The Bradley-Carretson Co., Llmlted.
BRANTFORD, ONT.
TIN and AGATEWARE.
Orders for Special Articles will receive promt attention, specialty.
PORTAGE OU FORT
f M
Posi
Tin Hoofing a
\
HIGHEST PHI CE PAID
\
re re
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
Mention th > \ aper
1
Pur
.303 Calibre.
I
on
aie
Savage Magazine Rifle.

n:
guest of lu. r
<
the twentieth century firearm
The Only Emmeries Smokeless Spooler.
' -1i :
for large or sui t! I game
Write f *r < oniplrte l . Oi Culvogt e.
One rifle tnl
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
Fine
nt Blank Rul*Vf.',rH£minjK<>
or m ute
» >
1
U. S. AME1IIUA
I
ATENTS
Public Notice.
Frovinoe of Queb.ec )
\f,« », i.., pa 1 i j y of Clarendon. )
~rK-n£S8ft I |||M 3: Ü ES ' SUS
3SE5ESSZ».	ïÉiiliil'Sf I
îs» ek':;S ^
" 8E51&..	*.
HI ' II MATHKSON. Sec.-Tretis
Tenders Wanted
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
I'llld
Trade Marks Designs
To bay well, watch the latest prices and Irv formation in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Orocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
Samples Tree
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
i
ml Inn is probably patentable. Commun lea-» strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents
Parliament does not acknowledge these facta, and tries in a vain effort to white-
t
Scientific American.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly, largest Hr ru 1st ton of any scientific Journal. Terms, #:( a year : four months, |1. Hold by all newsdealers.
MUNN&Co.3='B^ New York
Branch Gffico (35 F HL, Washington, D C
over
Elms': le. July in 1, t900,



i
###PAGE###5###



THE EQUITY.
\\ •'NTJ’-I» lloiwkf in » n or Mount it to IrA
, : v ,or 1*1 *" h' il ' ; Miilary $i ', mouth l> mill «x|m us.-H, with hum* im«* hvrmaneiu invIoM* m- ,
°l ' M ‘ • v :	« Mxtou I
1 hlivigi
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
TAKE A MINUTE AND THINK
I
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
rVDLHUKD KVKRY TtlVIlMDAY
AT M1IAWVILLB, Vo. PONTIAC, qUL\
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
f ir No paper «topped until nil arrearages u paid, unies» by special arrangement with ubllsher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Waro-Rooms.
Court Shawville,
No 27Ü.
îRCi-ok»
FSs>. —«jpc
A. SMILEY, Prop.
!&»
Meetii the 4' b Wedoea day of t very month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor* dlul'y Invited.
H. S. Bak.nt it, F i=
Why you should not have the
VERY BEST IN
O
ADVKIITHJNU IIATKH J
lit-gai advertising. eight o nts per II, e for first Insertion mid four cents pci Htm t-aeli Hub-eluent Insert Ion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted «I #100 per year.
Lara I announcement h Inserted at cents per line for II,st Insert ihsecj i - i : mi,
< uninv »1 advertising by Iho month for longer periods Inserted at low rate . which will he given ou application.
Advertisement* received without Inal ructions accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Iilrth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary |" 0tr> three vents per line.
The Frost & Wood
Binder Twine
I. A. (' WAN, It 4
H i'mi Holms,. V. It
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
of fi three e.
l and
i
when you pay for it
84 Nepean St., Ottawa. Ont
•*«e>
a
No. 8
Lumber cf All Kinds Bombt aiii L'olil
Mower.

«

L
C. F. HODCINS
has thought about it and the result is
he keeps only the most reliable brands :

CONSIGNMENTS SOUCI I ED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns-
Commission Bnsinc»» a Specialty,
J.>H PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
In point of durability and perfect running qualities this machine is acknowledged to be the
peer of any Mower in the market.
JOHN A. COWAN
Ilk, tRKK< I
Publisher
UoiiJs Murj 11y. Pr»*<. Ottvra Transporta!ion Co, F. W Avi-ry,, Hi.il Lnuthttr Co J. T.MhirrUl, E U. Eddy Co.
LatvhforJ & Mi U gall, tiairlaters.
John l!etn*v A ,i >1.1.
Il N. Bite'4 don.
Sisal aqd Plymouth Special.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
Among the important improvements lately introduced it is provided with the new serrated or sickle-edge Guard Plates, the advantage of which cannot be overestimated, especially in cutting light grass when mower is running in same direction as the wind.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN StylTIf, Proprietor.
s
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B./\., M.0..C.M
Graduate of McGill University,*
Offlrc-Itvsldvnco of the Into Dr. If. II Knox, Shaw ville.
Heavy stocks always on hand, prices right
and quality guaranteed.
The spot spot for—
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
A Fashion a BLR Hair Cut Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shavk.
OB
9
Cultivators, Raises, Binders, &c.
And everything in the Machinery line required by the Farmer.
A. SMILEY -"SHAWVILLE.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orrum *md Rxhidkwck : J. H Armstrong's Uouan, MAIN STREET - • SHAWVILLE.
tit' Your Turn next
WOOL! WOOL! WOOL!
?
ESTABLISHED I886.
The Shawville
SIS II and DOOR
I
We are open to buy all the wool offered at the highest market price—cash or trade.
LEGAL.
FACTORY
BOOHBE1D RAINVILLE, L. L. L
I
?
t
?
Just Received : i\ consignment of good, all pure
StocK Yarn.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit Shawville every Monday
4»
4
m
—ALL KINDS OF —
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
Interior & Eiterior
z
WM. GAMBLE,
FINISH FOR
Hotisos &7eranlaks
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Boom 21, Trust Bull ling. No. H Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
^fllee-over O. F. Horigins' Store, Main St.
?. S. —Headquarters for Harvest Tools, Machinery Oils, &c.
MAN V FA' TV RED
1
l
DOORS, 8ASH, NEWEL POSTS. DRESSED
Ll/M IR, & A
9t- « k and ma le t
Lt'MUER DRESSED AT POt’VLAIU’RICPd
l
;

0
K
I

The G. F. HODGINS
Departmental Store.
1

BABY No. 1


GEO. C. WRIGHT
»Mc('REDIE& HODGINS
wil! save you SiO per cow
per year
The prices are net at list to one and all alike—no
discount.
*
%
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
Estimate* furnished

of Tin: vnoviNt i. ok gvi:m
!
Mi Isons' Bank Chambers
1 \ Met ,t!fe St.. Ottawa
NEW
-DRESSMAXINC-
SHOP
Phone No. 1173.
Law business in Ottawa ami Pontiac I>i> triets attended to.
fi
THIS IS THE SEASON
For Sale.
(55
r
W. W. IRELAND,
FOR
'J
South I
f -1 in I'ii.it Range of Lit hfield. known the Purteous Farm ; a val u, *»lv property, two miles from Pry so* villng •. rlo l e sold on e t*.y terms.
Xpply to MAILKS COWLE Y,
Half of Lot 20 and S. I
r Y
Write for particular * to
II
\
W. S. CLARKS,
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commlsirioner mid Convejanrer. Deed* Mortgages, etc., executed legally and *aV.s faaorlly.
Ice Cream Fresh Fruit,
Choice Gandies, Confectionery, &c.,
i
\
)
(Over O. F.	Store)
\
\
:
SHAWVILLE.

Bristol
QUE
1
SHAWVILLE
i

CEO. HYNES,
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
The urri-r-Ur. • 1 beg* to inform the Indies of Shaw viil-* and surrounding conn try that she has tpone I a dress making shop in the rooms over U. l\ Ho (gins' -tore, where she s prepared to execute all orders in that line according to the latest styles,and in a prompt and satisfactory manner.
A tall solicited.
r>

NOTARY PVBLI
KELIANCE LoaN ANDMAV1NU8 CD., OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON
W.ll he in Shawville on Tuesday and Sat urday of every week.
NOTARY FOR THE

?
?
i
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILL3, - - QÜE.
QUE
All to he had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store -
Farm for Sale.	H E
PORTAGE DU FORT
R. MITCHELL,
The undersigned ofTer* for sale tint do farm known as the Stanley Farm m Lot No. 17. on the 9th Range of Claren-. .	. Ion, containing 188 acres of land, more or
A large, well-selected and varied stock of I**-.-, with house, barn ami stable erected
Furniture always on hand, at prices thereon. The premises are well w
“—-«<—*• WV'SWKMB#*'
Clmrteris F. O.
MISS McHUGH. £!_ TyILSOlvS
l
HA I LI FF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
for the District of I’ontUc. O tit ce, Ma lu St., Snawvtlle.
Accounts collected aud prowp*. return* made.
5
duly 2nd, 1900
MAIN STREET. SHAWVILLE
Roller Mill
District and Country
itertMi
WANTEDS
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
If Tartu and Sifton stay in the cabinet with allCou >in the County, lollectloni| ieu tenant-governorship.— ():tawa <’ n
oi i le ind prompt returuKissured
IN UNDERTAKING
T also keep a complete stock of !• uncial Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day ami night.
NOTICE
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN HOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
An Activa Canvasser
Mrs.Cynthia Weetoyer Alden k the lateit I [n Politico County, to WOI'k addition to the editorial itaft of the Ladies	«
Home Journal. She will apply her ener- amongst tanners, to represent the
JAS. HOPE & €0«	j giea to a department that will be called	LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
"VCANCFACTURINO s T at ION E its, books EL | “Suuhine,” wlvch ia to be published in rTnv^ 0 ......	r Tnanun
yA 1er», Bookbinders Printer», etc. Depositor} the interdit of an organization already OlUNt & WcLLmiilUN, Of lUnUN IU.
—........ JL —¦ ..................:
J. J. TURNER,	lit i« called, aims to put sunshine and good W 'veekl>’ Bee outlit and good terms.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County I cheer into the lives of all. It has neither | Splendid local reference.' will be supplied
Pontiac. Sales conducted In a bail n etc-like I creed nor rules; its membership fee is a and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles «ingle act of kindness, and dues are paid
-ame currency Mr. Ald.n j, | canvassing
lie «ales conducted at Shawville once « founderand rrestdent-C«eneral of the so-
—in fact, throughout the wh -le world, fur its vast field is international.
The Fire Record.
zm
To Whom It May Concern
GENERAL
Monday the 2nd July being Dominion
1 the Clarendon Council will the clock Tuesday, the 3rd
Day (a holiday
ten or^8	WÊ/ÊÊM
of July, 1900, instead of Monday the 2nd
If. MAT HI-SON.
FRESH and CURED
First Quality Flour.
Sec.-Tt
MEATS lord VELVO,
of all kinds at
Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full return' and satisfactory treatment in every respect.

as to our stock and reliability, to assist in
28,911
Black Stallion, Foaled Sept. 8,1895.
JOSEPH BROWN,
Apply to
THE SHAWVIL E
thewar. IV|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
C. K. GRIOG,
Proprietor.
RENFREW, Ont
Standard Bred and Registered.
Sired by the Champion and Easiest Trotting Stallion owned in Canada, the great
FOR SALE:
HOTELS.
V quantity of—
Boards Laths and Shingles.
St. Lawrence Hall,
GENEVA, 8,345,
f
APPALLING HOLOCAUST AT NEW YORK
Tlio relief of Admiral Seymour's column,
.accomplished last week by the allied Two hundred lives lost, three large forces of the powers, following the occupa______	. ÜCean steamers burnt, and property worth tion 0f Tien Tain, gives some reason to
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al* ten millions of dollars destroyed, is the hope that the Chinese trouble in its pre way. well fa.nUhed.	record of a calamitous fire at New	York on	8et!t acute atsae, will not	be long con
Firht-clasm Livf.ky Attached	Saturday. The principal l ias of	life oc-	tjnUej. The 5Mr, and	tl.ier soldier
--------------------- curred nil board the ships. Tlie fire	jel have been three times rebuffed,
,	started among the cotton bale, on one of	at T.ku, Tien Tsin, and in their tffrrt to
It M WM ||Çfill piers owned by the North German capture Seymour's brigade. A very large Ui iw # jJUiil!	UUUlIj Lloyd i Company, to whom also	the d1- i	force of nt .‘rratioiia! troops	is now landed
PRACTICAL	fated vessels belonged.	and on the way to Pekin.	The Chinese
AustinBowen, thenotoriousOttawa thief	rulers are not such fools even in their
WATCH MAKE it died in Kingston Penitentiary on Monday I dislike of foreigners as not to see what
of last week, of consumption. Buwen j is threatening them. Their interest in was sentenced in October, 1898, to seven ! promoting peace is the greatest, years imprisonment, on several serious charges.
Since Bowen's incarceration at King-1 vantage, one way or the other, and, a» ston detectives have been steadily at work | though the St. Lawrence system were weaving a chain of evidence which seems not enough, an old scheme for the con-to unmistakeably connect the deceased ! struction of a canal from Georgian Bay convict with the murder of night-watch- ; by way of the Ottawa river to Ottawa man Grey, at Almonte two years ago. i city and Montreal has been revived. The Every link in the chain was complete, last thing the legislative council at Ottawa when Bowen's illness prevented the | did before the recent tire compelled it to charge that was to be made against kirn adjourn was to sanction this project.— from coming to trial m April last.	j Belfast Northern Whig.
•»
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.

2.08. Hack Hkomd, 2.11).
FIRST DAM ¦ VELVETEEN,
Knee Record 2.31). Standard bred and registered. tJ" See extended pedigree on card.
Triai
Proprietor.

Bristol Wharf
PATENTS
This great <*olt stands Bl.2 hands high, weighs over 12UU pounds and has shewn a 2minute clip. He will be one of the fastest homes In America. Having large size and height, possessing extreme speed and
being royallv bred, this horse 1* the best type to produce the horses needed by the country, to wit : the roadster, carriage and general purpose horse.
LORI) VKLVO will make a season, beginning l>t of May, standing as follows :
Monday at Bryson,
Tuesday at McGuire's Hotel, Shawville.
Thursday, at Kelly’s Hotel, Campbells
1
Remainder of the week at Bryson.
Service Fee —110—payable at time of service.
FERRY
[PROMPTLY SECURED]
\
z
£1
o
Write for our interesting books “ Inventor's Help” anil " Mow you are swindled." Send us % rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you, free our opinion as to whether it is probably, patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted vy us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; this qualifies us to prompt ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patent as broad as the invention. Highest reference furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Ma rion receive special notice without charge in lover loo newspapers distributed throughout ,the Dominion.
CHANCE OF TIME.

The undersigned having had two years* experience in ferrying passenger* bet ween Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will continue to do so thG season as follows :

and
m ¦
JEli'ELLElt
Leave Bristol Wljarf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m
Canada la determined to have the ad

MR KPS
A SKLKiT STUCK UP
WATCHES.
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE Ac. kc.

i
i'l:
% t
Leave Sand Point
frf!
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 13.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers ana Engineers.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts and Solicitors.
)Offices • J New York Life B’ld'g. lontreal (UTficee. j Atlantic Bldg.Washington D.C.

Rkvaîbi.so—
A Sl-K< ULITV
Meeting all Trains
S. A. MACKAY

GEORGE BALLANTINE.
Manager, Bryson, Que.
SHAWVILLE, 0
Ferryman
é



###PAGE###6###



I
it any wninfer that they don't "pay," SOMETHING QUITE NEW-when sheep are eating the grans from under their uosea, and horses and dry stork crowding them out of the choicest bits of pasturage î (live the a show in both the stable and grazing field, and they will reciprocate lacteal ly.
\LWAY3 A WINNER
TH Kl R UUlt.
Tlî

Little iv h Paw, what are fools good for
K i i m i i ,.hf »i>t k—To teaoh h- the result* of Wowin' Into unloaded shot-
L U D F L L A
guns, buy in' gold bricks, guzzlin’	!¦¦¦	&### mM Bwmi m %L
tent medicines, light m the five "i *’	. - H! Y LOW	haw the reputation of being the mont regular ti quality,
coal-oil, gain* up in balloons, skatin’	lea* Packages. 1» jo se, eeane eie
on thin ice, try in' to beat other people ut their own games, indorsin’ our friends' notes, thinkin* we know it all, flirtin' with grass-widows, and so on and so forth, my son 1
how f

cows
LIEBIGS MT CIRE
^.wJl0A7nWLir,V.r.k.
» t*l*L BOTTLE •enV RECol ALL CHARGE to any sufferer sending ^us their nemo ana address and hà^wmintlenlni this paper.
P®	Address The LIEBIG CO.
” ?3	17» MlngStW.,
Toronto.
Fit#,
CEYLON GREEN TEA
Sumo flavor as Japan, only more delicious.
ness
A young dairy friend of mine once
e

mule the sad mistake of putting his c.*lves and pigs in the same enclosure. He supposed that by so doing be was killing two birds with one stone, but the result
W ell, a good start is half the pleasure, a poor paint will not give n good start, whether it is a cheap paint or a dear paint.
Ready lor Painting ?
WHY NOT HOME MADE ICE.
Man In Distress.
A whole family suffering. A dull aching of nerve or muscle, or the acute: pangs of neuralgia, toothache, oi lumbago, makes life a misery. Hut K *4 v ill nr—nerve pun cure—will relieve all these. Nc inline is powerful, penetrating, and effectual.
POISONING A YOUNG MINI).
What is a bargain, pa f A bargain, Freddy, is any shopworn thing we don't need that your mo#her feels compelled to buy localise it's cheap.
was most disappointing. I he calves were soon taken with t ho
AM If We Would he MnMuu Our Own Irr In the tear Inmrc
S
RAMSAY’S
PAINTS
scours, and he had some must valuable
"If the courts fall, sc tenon may be depended upon to knock out the ice
young heifer ones too, and despite
slopping with milk and rations of trusts oil meal, they drooped and constant- *as City Star ly declined
ex-
11
says a chemist in the Kan-1 venture the predic-J hen he placed them lion tint the average well to do fum-
i
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
in a pasture fur removed from the ily will be making its own Ice inswine, and they soon began to re- j Ride the next two years.
For a long time past a nu miter of at the beginning was never fully re-	the	cleverest inventors	in	the ooun-
gained that season so you see how	try have been trying	to	devise a
costly the experience was Cows naturally are
the water t hey drink and day, that can be operated by any	^ FINK FELLOW
they should not be compelled to fre- domestic servant, and they have ..	,	, .	.	,,
quent a watering place used m com-	made sufficient progress	to	bring sue-	allv preparation	in	the	world	is as
mon by other domestic animals. i	cess	clearly in view.	It	is an in-	good as	Putnam's	Painless	Corn Fx-1
consider that the purity and a bund- t cresting fact that nearly all the re-I tractor distrust the advice. Imitations only prove the value of Put-mms Painless Corn Extractor. See signature on each bottle of Poison
does the quality and amount of food vhinea during the lust two or three | & Co. Get "Putnam's.” given to the cows. If you possess any years have suggested themselves in dairy interests at all, do not lot the this tireless search for a practical rights and privileges of the milch oat- household apparatus, tie be in any manner Infringed upon
Do not let other stock crowd upon 1 mean that all the most serious pruth* m eit her in the stable or pasture, bleins have been solved, the difficult one of them looks like somebody l
ties that remain to be overcome are purely mechanical. As a matter of fact, four or five small machines aro already in the market, but none of them quite meets the requirements.
The ideal apparatus for use in cities will probably obtain its power from an incandescent lamp socket, just like the ordinary electric fan. The cook will fill up the receiver with water, make the connection and go about her business.
•re not cheap paints, and they are not dear paints. They are high grade house paints at a reaaonable price, made to wear, to look a little better than the best. Ask your dealer.
t
However, what was lost
i cupernte
IIP

KEEP COWS MY THEMSELVES
I wish to emphasize the fact tint milch cows should be kept separate from other domestic animals in the stable and pasture, not u matter of sentiment, but of practical business, as by thus doing more and better milk will be obtain-Voo often when a cow stable is
small, compact ice machine, with a fastidious capacity of from 5U to 500 pounds a

R<t d IMS
both
a bout

This is
MONTREAL
w p c loao
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECCI, APPLES,
snd otb*f 1‘RoDVCl, So euiars beet rwulSe eoniiis â
The Dawson Commission Ce., Lift\ix«a,
0w. West-Merkel â Oelkeme SL, Toreate,
«si
a mo of the water supply has as much markable improvements which hive to do with assuring dairy
constructed, no other provision is nude for the shelter of calves, h"rses, and perhaps pigs 1 I have even seen hens roosting on the poor cow's backs. What can you expect from such a ! medley ? Well, all the other animals I amt fowls will probably do well ex- i ctpt the milch cattle.
In the first place the bleating of young calves distresses their mothers, and cause the milk flow to become erratic
been made iu large commercial mi-
success as
CALVERTS
Carbolic Disinfectants, leaps, OfnS ment. Teeth Vewdere. eta., have been awarded 100 medale and diplomas for eur*1er excellence. Thrtr regular pee prevent tafeotl on# dteeaeee. Aek your dealer to obtau a supply. Liste mailed free on application.
F. 0. CALVERT A CO.,
^WOOnttPHOLO.I Nt.RtViNr. „
r J I lONÇAf N(. rwsr
t 8 III ADEIAIDYstyv TORONTO
VALUABLE FOR R ES EM BLANC K. You have a fine collection of lit
•When 1 si.y that success is In eight, *rary portraits, Miss Myrlilia.
Yes, aren't they lovely Î Every last
know
as it cannot be allowed without ous detriment to vour milk yield
ü
sen-
m m m Mine. Mina m Males
LAW se
MONTniAL HOTEL 0IRICT0RY
They should be kept in an-
Tho “ Balmoral," Free Bus AVENUE HOUSE
Aiu F!sn
no.w.'v" Cathjllo Prayer
Holvl rates |1 W R< I gums Plcturee, Htatuary. eut Churoh Oruameats*
? i tstli'o&l Works. Mail o l«rs receive prempt eltee,
O. A J. SADLIIR A 00., RlontreaL
other building, entirely separate from the cow stable, out of sight and Bound
THE USE OF LIGHTNING RODS.
MoOill-Fsrotly Iff day
8T. JAMES’ NOTll-.M^M.'»
iviiilwity. Kinaelm Cummercial House Modernise pr .-vetu**its—Kite» modcrete.
While a good many farmers eonsid-The Mnell of horse. and pigs er lightning rods a delusion and a In the same apartment is particularly
obnoxious to cows, while the danger

Uou
snare, yet the investigations of melon-
Brass Band
lists prove that when properly put up tv milk quality thereby is invaloul- ,nd grounded they are of great able. Cows are lai y what man make# them, and so their environment should be of the host.
profile best roils
tection to buildings
mule of copper, aluminum or
FINANCIAL TOMMY
are
Ma—Tommy, you seem to love pa "There is nothing Utopian about better than you do ine. this little forecast plants are already practical for very but. y see, pi alius has his pockets small commercial concerns—rest;iu- full o' cents.
hiMrumrnts, Drums. Uniforms. Etc.
Every Town can have a Band
Lflwwl prices ever a anted Fine eelslngue BOO lllu#
trsilum lustlsd frer ‘VnU us for snythhig In
Muslo or Musical Instruments.
Toronto, Ont, snd
Winnipeg, Mae
brass, but copper I» generally used. It Farmers carrying on mixed stock . j, cheaper and the beat
musing us well as general agricul- Aluminum is alto a good conductor tun are apt to keep all kinds of cat
i
conductor
Tommy—Oh, ma, 1 don't mean to,
Private ice

and the low price at which it
,	IS piu-
tle in the common pasture, to the duced compared with a few years ago
detriment of dairy interests. Such
Whaley Royce A Co.,
rants, confectioners, etc.,—and the
.	. .	.	,	FOR OVLR FIFTY YEARS
household machine is one of the ad- MRR wiNSLOWB BOOTBINO SYRUF hu i»«t	gmp tair
V.inces along the line of domestic eoo- c^l^ssKsr^^lh# gum*, sUny* pshf «urne wind IJATURAL UTN LMCVRAfuR, log KUO HA TO»
numy to which we may look forward	" **""T____________________________
w ith absolute confidence. By the BBdeekfer" Mrs. Wins.owsBooUnngSyrug. _
seems destined to bring it into favor
Valuable Book Free
m< n often wonder why their milch for t h,a atovk never can be made to pay "like
purpose.
The best form of rod is that of a they read of in the farm papers." Is | ribbon, say 1-8 of an inch thick by
In rodding a
Dr. Hammeiid.Hall’s trtal Bask
3-4 or 1 inch wide building the points should be not over
“MOTHERHOOD”
FURS. FURS.
by, one of the inventors who is pegging away at the problem is a New Orleans man, and I was told lately
ALL HE MAY EXPECT
Importer and exporter of Raw Furs and Skins. Con-slgnmente solicited Highest prices paid for gluslig.
II. JOHNSON,
4M St. Paul street, Montreal*
• Handsome edition, library style, bound Id oloth, ball-tone engravings. Interesting and instructive,
SMhJeote which every married woman, and these eentemglating marriage, should know.
A REALLY SICK MAN
40 ft. apart and stand ti ft. above the roof
So, there, said Mrs. Henpevk, con
they should be connected
th it h • h id turned out a very success- j eluding her rerau ks, A word to tb
1 ' th ridge and the rods run to iUl working model
the ground on each end of th*» build- thing about liquid air, because that Yes, my dear, replied Ilenpevk, and
kÏ5T.JKÜK	-......	»¦» ¦»»'"
in edgewise is sufficient.
i
1 hive said no- wise is sufficient
SUFFERED TERRIBLE AGONY DUE TO KIDNEY AND LIVER TROUBLE.
mg
The Canada Permanent and Western Canada
Mortgage Corporation.
n conductor, for electrical
erecting
charges prefer to go in a straight line
venture any predictions as to what may or may not be done with it. An-through th- air rather than turn other substance whioh has been
The rods can be raised Plaited as the 'refrigerant of the
Child, Worn am'# Critical Period, fere el
, feeding mod doth las y, warn» w do rjl ihm Dovtot
)• **re»mry. The Tw'mtmg Krrlod, Tbtnee Moi/uni tiiiotdd Know. Reiatdtei Haie to Vse, leeful
PI-
STATE of Ohio, City « ? i olkuo Lucas ( ounty.
Frank J Cheney make* oath • hat he 1* eenior partner of ihu firm of K. J. Cm nky & Co., dotuk? butine»» in the City of Toledo, County and Statu aforenaid, and that *md fini will pay ilie -um of ONE HUNDRKl» DOI. L \Its for e.ich and every case of Catakkii that cannoL to cured by the use of Hall* Catakkii Cire.

Medicine» Apiiart-mly llad %# I flrct, I mil al ilie Suiteliadoji of » Irleud Hr l\«*d Hr. WllllamV Pink Fill» and it a* < ured.
the Wewly Mom, ! the Is by, Whsi to Comet,
Marriage a !
l ain Not Ne Many 1 Home Reel pern
We are j_ of this five
rs
above the roof and away from the f,uture' “ » 811 °®Ued 'freezing pow-
It is really nothing new, but
der
an expensive chemical salt that is frequently used in laboratory experiments. It has no possibilités in practical operation."
building by glass or porcelain insulators.
15
KAD
rrice-
Canada Permanent Building, BH^Or8T" TORONTO.
Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, B O., St Jehn, H i.
From the Mail, Grainy, Que
Unless the wire is well grounded the equipment will not prove satis-
ihv conductor should be at-
givlag a limited nui re shilling book FKfc receipt of 10 cente to cover mailing Bend at once if you desire ode.
Diber
B en
Mr. Albert Fisher, accountant at Payne’s cigar factory, Granby, Que., ^ae*°ry is known to almost every resident of *BChed t0 a ground plate of copper
the town, and is held in the highest haring at least J> sq. ft. of surface,
including both sides
FRANK J. ORKNEY.
Sworn to before me nna *u been bed in my prthence, this Gth day of December. A.D I Mo. .......	A. W. OLBASUN
voMr» rubuc. Capital Paid Up, $6,000,000
- 1,500,000
SEAL
Hail’nCatarrh Cure Is taken internally, and J Rflcprua CunH acts directly on the blood and mucous surfaced	milM
of the hystem. Send for testimonial* fr<*e.
F. J. CHUNKY & CO* Toledo, 0.
Add
An old copper
eate«n by all who know him. In con-
l
Lumbago
BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY 88—W TORONTO, CANADA
boiler flattened out makes a 1 and effective ground plate, must be buried in damp earth and if
(heap
This
versât loo with the editor of the Mail recently, so me idling was said cou-
Presldent—
George Cooderham.
let Vive Frtddrnt and Chairman of kieciiltve Con
«I. Herbert Mason.
2nd Vice-IVskleot—
Money to Loan.
Deposits Received and Interest Allowed
Sold by Druggist* 75c.
Hall* Family MIL are the bewL
cerning Dr. Williams’ Pink Pille, when Mr.	Fisher	remarked	that he	Pns#ible should	l>e located near a
very	valuable	ePrin^ or stream.	If the rods are also
It was	suggested	that he	connected to the	water pipes a bet-
ter ground connection will t>e made.
Dyeing 1 Cleaning 1
For the very best send your work to the
AND DON'T KIND EITHER
or
had found these pills a medicine
should make his experience known, 1
When some people lose their posi Lions they look around for sympathy Mi Beatty, instead of a new job
Debentures Issued in Sterling and Currency .
is Rheumatism of the back. The cause is Uric Acid la the blood. If the kidneys did their work there would bo no Uric Acid and no Lumbago. Make the kidneys do their work. The sure, positive and only cure for Lumbago is
“ BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.”
Looà lor osent in jour ktwu, or eeod direct.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec»
Maua<in» Dir otor—
Walter 8 Lee.
Moist soil is thi* only kind which will
end tu ibi' he readily consented
handing tu tile Mail the following comluct electricity, and if the place
cannot l»1 put In soil that i< naturally
letter fur publication
J
moist, provision must be made to wet it occasionally.
Granby, March lGth, 19UU.
In justice to Dr. Williams’ Pink Pill', 1 think it my duty, in view of what they hive done for me, to add my tv't.rn mal to th intny • hich l have seen in print. For some mum ns I suffered most severely from pains up and down my bae'e. It was thought these were du< to liver and kidney trouble, but whatever the cause, they kept me in terrible agony.
The pains were not confined to the back, but would shift tu other parts of the body. As a it au it, 1 could get little rest ; my appetite was much impaired, and 1 wa> really a sick man. 1 tried many different remedies, without effect, and which disgusted in* with medicine, j
trie ml .suggested that 1 try Dr.	_i----.------ I colors, for wear with fancy waists.
X'lU,ams Pluk rlUa- 1 *“a n(,t	is the most supreme vogue.
eas.ly persuaded, fur l had given up	A SURE WAY.	Large fancy collars are fashionable
the use of medicine, is nothing had How amiable your little boy seems in blouses, bodices and applied to the helped me, but as be insieled, 1 fin- be be t	jacket of the tailor frock
ally concluded to give them a trial.
1 purchased une box, and tonished to find that before it
WATER HORSES OFTEN
GOLD DOLLARS
Dodd’s
Kidney
In very warm weather and when horses are doing heavy work, such Its drawing th** binder, it is excellent practice to take water to the field and water the horses two or three times in the course of a half day very little trouble and is of wonder
FREE » BABIES
*• At hamtrr e*tv canam
£ A
»

this is
The Handsomest Baby Gets The Handsomest Prize.
ALL JUDGED FROM PHOTOGRAPHS ONLY.
To interest Canadian mothers In a standard pre,.ration throughout the world
Pills
ful help to the team besides being hum. i m
This can be accomplished 1 by placing a barrel on a low sled, i drawing it to a convenient point in the field and wrapping the barrel 1 with wet gunny sacks ” can thus be kept reasonably cool for half a day.
THE BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY
PROPRIETORS OF
English Teething Syrup
A«1 OOIKQ TO OlVi, WITHOUT COST IN MY WAV,
A TWENTY ®0LI-A*	t0 the prettiest baby in
«mmms ri!SB3vE xltewr
of the next 10 prettiest babies. A ONE DOLLAR COLD PIECE
!n,° ,er y merlt> to each of the next 40 prettiest babiee, while to every mother sending her
T W glven FREE our IUUITBATED BOOK, *• MOTHERHOOD," on the care OT Children In Health and Disease, on receipt of ten cents to cover cost of mailing.

The water
<TTS*?
HITS OF FEMININITY
Tub taffeta silk skirt, in black and
Yes ; we never object to anything
The Knox sailor has the same trim and high crown of last year.
are either very wide or very narrow if you would be altogether correct.
The Paris summer girl is going to have no end of linen frocks.
Black polka-dotted white organdie is to enjoy great favor for summer.
was us- he wants to do

v as
% entirely used, 1 was quite a bit relieved, and after using six more, fully restored to my former health
Belts
AN UNDESIRED GRACE.
Daughter. I notice that Harry isn't a bit gallant to other women.
No. indeed, mu; I broke him off that right after we were married.

was good
gi eat p eisure in recommending this valuable remedy, that others may profit by my perieuce, and nut suffer the tortures that I did.
¦“K.rss w .xb” i•sr**

1 take
ex-

1
Yours sincerely, ALBERT FISHER Dr. Williams Pink Pills going to
They renew and build up the blood, and strengthen the nerves, thus driving disease from the system. If your dealer does not keep them, they will be sent postpaid at 50 cents a box, or six boxes for $2.50, by addressing the Dr. Williams' Medicine Ce, Brock-ville. Ont
1


pt of postage. [ for further i
cure by the root of the disen so.
iafor
f	^ru^mx/ fonts'
clry
BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY, Dept
Address,
//
t
• A
108 Victoria Street, TORONTO, CANADA.
t
78-»

t
t
P
A A
v
o
t
A

r


###PAGE###7###
I
r*r
Notes and Comments.
nftflt and depositing her egg# In a keep the civil truffle going as well | hedgerow, wood or some other se« »w to support the euoruiouu eluded spot, mho hitches a strong | of military business, cbiok for every egg
keeper who wants to produce strong, I it, through train service for passen-
_______ healthy chickens, and to hive a large gers, mails, live stock, and goods were
It undoubtedly saves a good deal proportion of eggs fertile, should, ai maintained unimpaired, except that hard work when building fences far as possible, follow nature in the live stock and goods had to give pre- I To keep Carpets and Hugs Clean-"nere posts are required to sharpen care and management of his breed- ceded to military traffic.	ft le very important especially in a
5 0nd of thft Post and wit h a huge I”* «took. There are many things	IMMENSE TRAFFIC.	I dirty city, to clean one's carpets end
wooden beetle drive it deeply Into the that may happen to prevent eggs Between November, MM, and the rugs at least every three weeks with
moist soil in spring as far as possible, hatching well. The laying hens may following February the railway oar- coarse suit and ammonia. Mix the ,	•	,	»	.
Ut tho P,an has also its diaadvant- bft too fat, or may be too closely con- ried for the military authorities 18,000 salt and ammonia in a bowl together 7#* l™”"* '7	^ 0eDt*r"iine evftf
»K«s. which are developed after a year	fined in	runs tbit afford them no	animal* ,ud 87,040 tons of stores on	and	sprinkle it all over the carpet, or “ ^ ° tU °nB 80tt ng	fha
or ,wo* when frost lifts up the post	facilities	for taking exercise. The	the Western line, and, on all lines,	rug,	whichever it may be. Then take
evpfy winter, so that if the top of the	method of feeding and foods used may	70,000 men and	30,000 horses. In the	a clean broom and literally scrub the
fonces be heavy the post is soon In a	n°t be conducive to the production of	first four months of this year, to	carpet twithtbemijt and ammonia,tak-
tumble-down condition. The failure fertile eggs In abundance. (Ircen April 30, the lines conveyed what we is ing care not to neglect a single part of of driving down plan of setting food, water and grit may not be sup- equal to 08,000 ordinary trucks, most it. This will bring out the colors, and posts comes from the fact that usually P^ed as regularly as they should, of them many hundreds of miles. Of freshen them considerably.
Ihe post is only driven down to the Even though t ho poultry keeper un- troops there were equal to more than How to Clean Wall Paper—Get the depth of the annual freezing In win- derstrinds his business thoroughly, he 11,600 standard four-wheeled trucks preparation that is made of dough at When it comes to the “bird ! liable to overlook some minor point carrying 80 to 40 men each. Horses any wall paper store, and clean your pan,” whore frost has not penetrated	or other	in their management which	«nd mules utilized the equivalent of	own	paper. Break off a little piece
before, the post cannot ba driven far-	leads to failure, unless he studios hab-	14,040 trucks and other military traf-	at the time, taking care to rub it up
tber. Its point turns up or the top	its and wants of breeding stock birds,	fie used what	were equal to 35,400	and down on the paper, and as the
of the post will be split by the severe !	which differ closely in many ways	trucks. Most	of those vehicles also	dirt rolls off, take a smooth rug and
pounding it will receive. Yet unless from those of fowls kept merely for made long runs, Kimberley being 617 wipe it down as you, go along
, producing eggs for table use.	| miles from Cape Town, and Norval's the piece of dough as it gets dirty
Pont being about as far. These fig- one side, to the other side, and when urea show that the railway opera- the entire piece is dirty take a fresh tivea moved more thin 506 trucks piece and continue as before until the daily, including Sundays.	whole wall is cleaned.
It must be borne in mind that the clean better thin others HOW OUR ARMY WAS WHIRLED TO | line upon which this feat THE FRONT IN AFRICA.
I washing and ironing fine table **en.
I Linen should be «lightly starohet, uu-I less one has the knack of ironing it while dump until perfectly dry, like French women do, which gives the proper stiffness napkins get perfectly dry ; then pull in shape, dampen, pack tightly and Iron both sides, the right one first, to give the highly-polished surface. Fold napkins square and clothe
î	]
S^jhe Home \
hints for the farmer.

yretiau re
T lie problem of the world’s food supply or thst especial branch of it commonly known as the Crookes theory of wheat, which was propounded with euoh startling emphasis by tiir William Crookes in his Presidential address before the British Association lu 1808, and which was enlarged later by hi in in a published volume, cont into attract the attention of the scientific world. Sir William Crookes declared, In substance, that the in-orease of population in (the world, and tin» comparative decrease of the uvor-devoted to wheat growing, made It evident ttmt unless something new turned up, famine or very high prices for food would be seeu the world over In a little inure than s quarter of a sectary. He argued Impressively that the wbeat area ofi the world had practically ceased to expand and that the only means of supplying future necessities ley in some process of in-eressing the productivity of the soil already available. The basis of all
such fertilizing material is, of course.	- -
nitrogenous matter. It is impructin- * 3n Post *s H,>t deeper than the frost able to draw this from the store al- j w 111 Penetrate it is very difficult to ready in the earth, such as from the m 1	^ stand erect until decay has
Chilian nitrate beds, because of the ^one its work.
expense. But the groat storehouse of i *n a where there Is a deep un-nitmgeu Is in the air. The chemist , derdrain posts may be set nearly to who could discover a means of secur- depth by driving, and remain ito Ing tttuiosplierio nitrogen in salable ,onK as the post lasts. The plan Is form and In sufficient quantities to either build a pile of earth around worn Id make his name immortal us a 1 Pn9t ao as to turn the water away
from it, or to bore a hole through the post somewhere near the bottom,
In Ih» «.rrent number of the Cen-1 .dr1iw * wood"n ™ the el“
the hole through it and sticking out
on either side so far as the post hole
will allow. On this peg set a three
cornered block that can be nailed
both to the peg and the post. This
makes additional obstruction for the
frost to lift, and if the water has
_ i been turned away from the post, and
So long as the lines admitted Of
The poultry-
DHIVING FENCE POSTS
Let t ablecloths and
GOOD RECIPES
U«*1
table to place everything exactly straight. Linen should be made very damp and ironed dry.
•ge
»

K
ter
*
«
m


Turn

M
on
NOT A HITCH OCCDRBEE
Some papers

was per- How to Clean White Kid Cloves or formed is not like one of the great Slippers—In cleaning glovee, trunk lines of Europe or America. | little bowl of gasoline and dip the
gloves into it, rubbing them as quirk, trimmed with Hamburg insertion and ly as possible, and as hard as you can, edg along the first 500 miles out of Cape then take them out and rub each
finger ##**ni t e I y until It is perfectly The slippers are cleaned the
tnk«' a
Corset cover of French cam brio,
It is a single track road with a
Waelery ef Trnn«porfn(t »n Problem m
Shewn by iiie itrliMi Anthoriiles-The | ruling gradient of one foot In forty S tlemdld Be»«lle Achieved.
l>enefaolor of mankind.
Material required, cambric, 3J inches wide, 11-4 yards.
mg
Julian Ralph, writing to the London | Town, the first 350 miles out of Port Daily Mail, says on the subject,
"How our army was whirled to the front
dry
Elizabeth, and the first 300 miles out of East London. The curves, equally difficult to negotiate, are, some of them, of five chains radius, while many have a radius of six, seven, or eight chains. In addition, long distances separate the stations, which mikes it difficult for trains going in opposite ways to piss one another, while the narrow gauge, three feet and a half, prevents fast running The waterless character of the country renders necessary the carriage of water, even for the supplies of the employes at some of the stations. Water also had to be carried to the troops at Ilensburg when there was fighting on the northern border of the colony.
As this is literally a feat which COLONEL GIRO CARD PRAISED. Great Uritain may yet have to per- It was Colonel Girouard who had i form between those Identical points the wit to parallel the civil railway in Europe, It is of double interest to system with his own military system, know that Cape Town is 600 miles appointing an officer of the Royal from the Orange River, just as the Engineers to watch and treat with Pyrenees are 600 miles from Gibral- every min in an executive position tar, and Pretoria and Paris are, re- on the railway staff. This is the
1,000 miles from Cape Colonel Girouard, of Canadian birth,
who so distinguished himself in the
tury magazine. Mr. Niko!a Tesla maintains that while he has not yet practically accomplished the result indi-oeted as so demisable by Sir William Crook**! be ham taken very long steps toward it. It is well known that electrical discharges will ffree or oxidize nitrogen in the phere. Hut hitherto the
A WORD TO THE GUEST
same way.
How to Clean Furniture—Take a
warm water and Ivory soap ae^ in your own room or out of door* and wash just a Little place of the a P*rt uf the day; affect an occupa-furniture at the time, drying immedl- I tion, If you have It not, and invent ately.
When paying a visit absent your-
little
Now that we appear to see the end of the war and its trials and its tests, we can almost confidently say of one of its accessories that It has been wholly admirable; that It will be recorded In history as an almost perfect feature of an undertaking otherwise too much marred by blunders, flaws, and unanticipated obstacles.
I refer to the Gape Government railway system, by means of which the British fought a war in which they were obliged, as it were, to laud troops and supplies at Gibraltar, and rush them to the Pyrenees at first and then on to Paris.
excuse if n casairy for
After this is done take a of chamois and rub it thoroughly un-J leaving the f amily to seek the refresh-til It looks glossy and bright. This is ment of solitude or their regular the way furniture is cleaned at furni- work ture stores and is better for it than “What next?" expression as if you furniture polish, aIthough a little of constantly expected some entertain-it may ho used once in a while, ft is merit to be offered. A hostess should best to clean the upholstered part of not be expected to be ou demand all furniture with gasoline, rubbing a lit- of the time, tie ut the time with a soft
an
piece
atmos
elec- can off through the underdrains, the fence will remain firm so long am
Above all do not wear a
trical discharge or flame used has been only three or four inches long,
II* .'he mica I action warn (®eble and the I rotl 11 wl11 ra,,3t lik*ly at the sur-conew;went process of oxidisation ha» P*08' *or there the changes of tern-
been wasteful. Mr. Tesla declares that' Pasture an‘* trom wet to dT by investigating the effect* of the mnre fre1u#nt than they are deeper
in the soil. In most post fences the
the post does not rot
When it does
are
rag
va lied forme of electrical waves, and by studying the influence of the atmospheric pressure and the température and the presence of water and other bodies, the beat conditions for causing the most intense chemical action of the discharge have been cert lined. The oxidizing action of the electrical flame has been made more and more intense. By violent agitation of the electrified molecules of the air a strong affinity has been created between the two normally indifferent constituents of the atmosphere, so thnt they readily combine.
Fpeoial arrangements will be provided in time for the fixation of the •ornjiounda found, steam being the most effective agent to that end. Mr. leslii declaree that he has accomplished theoretically, at least, the fixing of atmospheric nitrogen In unlimited quantities. The importance of aid this,
If true, not merely to science, but to man, cannot be overestimated. While of course the process has not yet be-eome a mercantile one and will require still further improvement and elaboration, it looks as though the moat Important part of it has been accomplished. If Tesla is justified of his expectation the world will not on*^	^ ru‘f s	con“
part above the ground Is much longer than that below
to take up posts and board fences that have been long in the ground, and after putting sortie diluted carbolic acid on parts that have decayed to prevent further progress, set them with the top part In the soil.
If this top is well dried it should be immersed In diluted carbolic acid before being placed In the ground. It I gpectifely, will then be much less likely to decay | q0WI1 an(j Gibraltar quickly
TURKISH TIME.
A recent visitor to Constantinople reports one custom of the 'lurks which causes a vast deal of trouble and confusion. This is the Turkish system of reckoning time. A Turk holds that the day begins exactly at sunset ; at that time he sets bis clocks and watches at the hour of twelve. As the sun h ts the same habits in pr esiding over Turkey that he exercises with regard to other localities, it miy easily be seen that this system of reckoning time necessitates setting the clocks every day. It appears that a watch which could run for weeks without gaining or losing a minute would be of no special value to a Turk.
It sometimes pays

I
m
>1
%
9,
y.
9

NOT A HITCH OCCURRED
recent campaigns in Egypt, where he is still Ur a dent of tin Egyp ian R * il-
%
To move JOU.OUO troops as fast as
TO GET BEST FRUITS
they can be landed, and hurry after ways The fruit grower of to-day must I them their tents aud guns, horses, have the ability to adapt himself to ammunition, fodder, and food, would new methods, new fruits and new strain the resources of a standard-
AS IT SELDOM HAPPENS
%
i

Father, sternly—Johnny, is It possible you are studying you lessons again ?
Johnny—Yes, father.
Father—Well, you just drop your for while the fruits of one ! we practically commanded in South books instanter, get your ball and
/

By use	of	cold storage	gauge double-track trunk line in Kng-
and rapid	transit	the	finest fruit	laud; yet not a hitch occurred in the
from any	land	can	be	found in any	performance of this feat by the nar-
large market,	both in and out of	row-gauge single-track railway which
markets
I
WUEN YOU WANT TO PLAY TUB
BAGPIPES.
A Highlander, hiving to teach a chum in his regiment to play the bagpipes, began to Instruct him in reading the music in the following

season
hemisphere are first waking from I Africa.
their winter's sleep, on the other the The Cape Government railways summer sun has done its work and compose a system of, roughly, over
bat and hustle out for a couple of Six-gored skirt of gray cashmere hours' practice. I'm actually asham- arranged in narrow box-plaits at the ed of you; you don't seem to have a | side and back little bit of ambition
Material required, cashmere. 45 inches wide, 5 3-4 yards.
the ripened fruits arc on their way 2,000 miles, which consists of three
With the world main lines; one from Cape Town, one
way
to distant markets.
market, competition ia keen, and | from Port Elizabeth and one from
East London
You see that chap with a white, round open, face ? pointing to a semibreve between the lines, Well
MARKETING HINTS
as a
These so converge that
Always buy a small, hard cabbage
Robbie was a very vindictive little I in preference to a large, loose-leaved
fellow always watching his opportun- one—it will taste better and there
it y to "pay back," for alt wrongs, real will be more of It.
His mother had many | I» buying asparagus, pick out the ,ong bloW* ‘Nosv’ lf yoU put 1
him, you mike two of him, and he
moves twice as fast. If you black
his face he runs four tirn-‘s as fast as
the white-faced one; then, if you bend
APPLYING THE RULE
he
Furthermore, it gen- all three terminate at Buluwuyo in
dition will p «y
orally costs much less per ton to pro-I °ne direction, and at Johannesburg dure large, first class fruit than the	Pretoria in the other, with a
starve to death
slowly from that line to
moves
this, while you beat one and take s
means of connection with Natal and
TESTING BALLS OF STEEL.
poorest, meanest specimens that are
Cast steel balls, when made require I offered. Small fruit exhausts the [ Lh-lagoa Bay to be examined in order that faulty tree more rapidly than large fruit
ones may be oast aside This examin- j [t will thus readily be seen that | thtt Puint of junction with the rail-ation involves muon Lime aad labor
or imaginary
an earnest talk with him about the I bunches with long, thin stalks that
The war crippled these railways at
gulden rule, but he would always re-| are green almost up to the butt of
the stalk—they are younger
Yes, mamma, that is just what I am I lender and better flavored doing. You see when Ted strikes me % the skin of fowls peel easily it your knee or tie his leg*' he Wl11 h°P then that is just what he would have M's " sign of youth. If the spurs of e,ght timea fusler thdn V** white-that I should do unto him, so I ought | chickens ore over one-quarter of an faCPfi one-
inch long don't buy them—it indicates old age.
ply
more
ways of the Boer Republics, and the
improved varieties w hich produce and even then faulty balls are not ul- | uniformly large, fine fruit are 1 __ ways detected
ed an apparatus /or testing them in I	fruit, and also that	the	product is I actually deatroyed. That was when
accordance with physical laws. The	mnre galable.	lhti tioera toolt Stormberg Junction.
balle are placed on the top of a oy- The tree which needs a good deal ' 0nH n‘ault ot tbal was thlU the coal linder in which works a piston rod; of pruning to keep it in proper form ! aupi,ly ot tbu oolo“y from tbB Sou,b each ball is struck with the same end vigorous health should be re. African minus was cut oft. and there-
force by the rod and falls on an in- puced by one that has a better ltter OOB‘ bad t0 b,ou*bt from olined surface; at Lh. end of this I habit of growth, for ever, ton 0, Europe-a doubly serious thing, be-
Plane it .trikes a,aiust an impact I wuok taken unnecessarily from »0	in the first plaoe* il
surface. If a ball is perfect it will	orchard represents	at	least	as much	mUch m"re	an'1' se00,,dly>
have enough elasticity to rebound be-i	wejght of fruit.	Many	varieties	1,1 bad t0 ** uarried 10 tba aame di*
rectiun us ( h» troops and supplies,
thus adding greatly to the difficulties
of the transportation problem.
DUTCH DISLOYALTY.
the I junction with the East London line with the other two main lines was
A German has devis- more economical manufacturers of
Now, when you blow the pipe4, remember tbit the tighter those chaps'
Avoid dark-skinned potatoes with leg3 are timl th* faster th®y run and thickly-set eyes. The smaller the eye the quicker they are sure to dance.
to pay him back.”
THOSE LOVING GIRLS
Clara—I am told that Mr. Singleton | the better the potato spoke very flatteringly of me Maude—Oh, I don't doubt it. Any- I salt water. If fresh, they will sink, thing he or any one else says of you | Good flour will lump when pressed
fn the hands.
A PERTINENT INQUIRY.
He—Do you believe in ghosts ?
She—No ; do you.
He—Sure thing. I saw one last week.
She—How does it look #
He—It appeared in the form of a donkey.
She—Were you standing in front of a mirror when you saw it ?
To test eggs, place them in strong
not help but be flattering
can
The best lemons are full and hard, and have thin skins.
yond a fixed barrier, but if it
have two or three superior qualities perfect it has an inferior degree of but woefully lack in many others, etas'icity and falls short. All bails i jbe fruit grower of to-day is
*hi< h do not pass the barrier may | simply the manufacturer and should safely be rejected as faulty
is nn-
ERIN TO THE FRONT.
Larry—Th* Jude’s potent Jit hers hov London toes.
Denny—Yis, but they hov cork soles.
TO LAUNDER TABLE LINEN. The greatest care is necessary in
The railway is presided over by the Railway Department of the Cape Colony Government, whose head is called the Commissioner of Railways. Unfortunately for Great Britain, the disloyal Bond was in control of the Government when the war broke out, and the world witnessed the amazing spectacle of a colonial government at odds with the Crown, aud willing to subject itself to a charge of common feeling with those who had for nearly
have the latest and best improvements. Of course there never can be one variety which will be best for all purposes, but it Is perfectly City Boarder—Wasn't it rather ex-1 possible to produce varieties which pAsIve to substitute babed wire for | for their own special use can be relied upon to produce full crops of the first cost was I the best fruit without fail. All considerable, but I calculate it will this can be done by careful selec-eventually save enough time to pay tion and breeding, for itself.	— ——
FEMININE INTUITION
ECONOMY AT LONG RANGE.
Mistress—Jane, you may clear away the breakfast things and put the house in order. I am going to my dressmaker’s to have a new gown fit ted.
Jane.—Yes, ma'am
rail fences on your farm f Farmer—Yes,
/
Are you going to take your latchkey, or shall 1 sit up for you f
City Boarder—How so f Farmer—Well, you see, the hired

FERTILE EGGS.
twenty years engaged in an under-Irish Homestead says Eggs I ground conspiracy to drive the Eng-hands don't stop to rest every time are infertile, or, at least, fall to pro-| u»h out of South Africa, they have occasion to climb the fence, duce chickens, from various causes.
Z

THE BRUTE.
Mrs. Gu/er—This paper says that mice are attracted by music ; but I don't believe it.
Mr. Guyer—Why not f
Mrs. Guyer—I never see any mice around when I play the piano.
Mr. Guyer —Well, that's no excuse for doubling the paper’s statement.
4
To say the least, the Commissioner Students of aviculture, and observers I 0f Railways did not facilitate the as-of the habits of birds of all classes, sistance given by this railway to the both wild and domestic, know wild 1 Imperial forces. But he was rendered birds, in almost every instance, hatch I helpless by the fact that the complex-a young bird from every egg they lay, ion of the working force of the sys-and that fowls, when they revert | tern, from the executives downward, more or less to their original wild It I state, also produce a large percentage of chickens from their eggs.
MUST BE ISOLATED.
The board of health of Trenton, N. J., has adopted an amendment to the health code placing consumption in the same category as smallpox, diphtheria, yellow fever, and other contagious and Infectious diseases provides fines and imprisonment for physicians who fail to report cases of consumption within thirty days after they so diagnose them.
1
9
wholly different—wholly loyal
*
was
The task before the loyal working For in-1 force of the Cape Government rail-stance, when a ben steals away from way was for every her flock, and spends most of her best, and for all to rise to the extratime in a semi-wild state, making her I ordinary occasion
THAT'S ALL
Cumso—'The Sultan of Turkey prora-
n to do his
Box-plaited skirt of blue viole, trim med around the bottom with black net ises to pay. and cord passementerie. The skirt has six gores. Material required, voile, 46	Cawker—But he is only talking
They had to | inches ttfde, 5S-4 yards.	| through bis fax
Il L
a..
###PAGE###8###
\ >

10,000 People
i
t
1
s
ï
ft ARE KNOWN RY THEIR l) FIT AND FINISH_______
Are to-day thinking of getting a new pair of shoes. There is no reason why they should not get them from us.

j ! he celebrated fVJcCortr)icl(
BINDER TWINE' !
l
0;ir aim is to furnish customers with the best of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices are always satisfactory.
Khaki,” (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
Hundreds
ï
i
Are to-day weaving our Shoes, but wo are out for the thousands, and we want to win on the merits of our goods and value.
i
î
v
!

a
:
$
;
U
Will be taken in exchange for Boots and Shoes at the
?
We are selling
McCormick’s “ Standard ”
#
\
4*
SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,
at 12c. per lb. McCormick’s “ Special vanilla " at 13c. per lb.
a n d
OPPOSITE IMN'IIAV 1IOVSK
ALF. R. EVjcCUIRE,
T
B
M. G. STEWART.
L
These Twines are equal to if not better than any twine made.
1
SIR CHARLES TUPPER AT SHAW VILLE.
NOXON
¦Victoria
BINDER

o
Concluding Speeches of the Day. || ' U!
Mr. A. C. Be l, M. P, fur Pictou, N. I , j S„ delivered a speech which made a very If favorable im prêt si n. lie paid a glowing I rj tribute to Sir Charies Tupper’s patriotism and ability as a politician. His services to hie country and party were inestimably great, he said, and to him the people owed a deep debt vf gratitude. These introductory runaiks won the warmest ap proval of the audience.
Mr Bell predicted victory f »r the con* servalive party at the next general elec ti n, whenever the (lovermnent could summon sufficient courage to go to the people. He spi le at considerable length on the contingency quoad m, scoring the Government for its tardimas and ir résolu;ion, showing that they w re forced to take action by the pressure brought to P. M. bear by Sir Charles Tupper backed by the public sentiment of the country. The speaker referred t ulogistically to Mr Poupore who happened to be hia desk-mate in the House—stating that if avoided him great pleasure to attest to that gentleman's popularity with hie fellow members, and to his gnat ability in diecharging the duties of the position with which he had been honored.
z, f. ,tx Oxford Clipper,
is considered one of the leading orators i
in I m the House of Commons, and in this F^fl NT A NTl RpAR PTTP P. M. i particular instance he ah’y sustained his	ItLiill LUI
|	N&mowers e>
than and statesmen he made an el
SPECIAL SUNDAY EXCURSION

—o—
I'ntil further notice round trip ti' let*
ukI on Special ret	un-
til following Monday at Ox? Si nui t: Fiks i Class Fare.
Re Saturday and Sunday Night D. H.
Trains.
Same will only stop at stations where time is given on Time Card shown below, and regular rates will apply

T-iG largest and best Agricultural Machi Company in the world could not and would not put inferior goods on the market.
will l»v sold to all stations, g Train on date sold, and good
me
ft FT,, BJ FT. AND fi FT. « I T.
Highest Drive Wheel Ma l<*.
Brass Boxes.
Seventh Roller for Elevator.
Ml the latest and best improxvments
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION RY.
SPECIAL SUNDAY TIME TARIT
V SI
SATURDAY & SUNDAY I). II. TRAINS
Taking effect Sat. May 19,10.30, P. M.
E. HODCINS & SON.
f
SlKlMAL (
>
TRAIN
)
STATIONS

'
I
rr.Ats
10 00 A, M. Lv Aylmer.
Breckinridge K.irdley Barker's Cro> Mohrs.
Ar
10.15
10.16
P. s.
A consignment of 2-ply YARNS in
white, grey, black, red and blue, just received.
lo u
SSLI
JWv«£V
io as
10.40
V
I
10.56

W y man », Bristol, McKees Shaw v ile
Campbells Bay Vinton Voulonge Mellons Ar Waltham
«• L‘4 « U
11.05
11.11
t* IS
11.1
y.
11.57
•4V
The
V * t
ll 47
*
mm
11.58
a
12.14 P. M 12 30 12.40
J
Lv 4 4 V
I
,
i


'
sunpa
HIGH!
D. il. TRAIN I
Ht’A >
I
S
i
9.00 P. M
Ar
Lv Ayln • y J) on S ha w ville t’Urkes CampbilU E.iy Coulonge Waltham
P. W. RESSEMAN,
General Superintendent
It’s a Decided Fact
9.40
11.10 10 40 10.25 10.15 0.50
10.05 10.20 10.50 10 53 11,18
juen
reference to the part played by the Van adians in the prisent war in Africa.
The Liberal Government
ALL SIZES
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.

With Roller and Pul! Reaving*. I Serrated Ledger Plates if desired. I 51
in pnwer in
I Ottawa could be justly called a Government of lumberman, as their record since | assuming oihee was one of deal making:
I The Drummond county railway deal, the	_
Yukon tramway deal, and now the Emer- °	°	°	°	°
I gency food deal, each of which he criti- We also manufacture the best and most complete line of Cultivating and I cized in scathing terms. The last named j Seeding Implements on Earth, comprising Spring Tooth Cultivators bungle he characterized as one of the most (fitted w ith grain and grass sowing attachments if desired.) Spring and Smite
damning a government could be held re Tooth Harrows, Disc Harrows, Grain Drills, (all kinds!) Horse Paxes sponsible for.—In the face of the fact (friction and ratchet dump) etc ggggggg	gggg
speaker stated, cooly and deliberately paid out $4,(100 for emergency food at $2 a pound. Expert evidence showed there was only 1C per cent, nutrient, whereas there was supposed to be 64 per cent, in the food. At this rate he figured it
, tmmiiïte^utioiï. aT- I *ould coet a (iay to fetd the soldiers
lives Montreal -.‘.50 ». in. Valleyîîtld, coiineetV Co- on this product. ‘‘Why at that rate/
^	"thc^rn-
* audna only. Arrive* ment cuu*u board them at the \\ aldorf Montreal 11 15a.m. Pullman parlor cur ..ttached. Astoria.1’ The cost of governing the
b 8.45 A,Me fn“r1^,*: country, the speaker slated, had been in
Pullman parloi^c&r at- creased by the present government $10.
Limited-I ®”-0(19-	, .	, ,
dria and Coteau J t. iveferring to the triumphal wave of Con
trp""" re,:?« ov,tr thv.uunt,yMr
Portland, Halifax and all points east of Montreal. nernfy t Xulâimed amidst applause,
For Valleytield and all pointa south of the 8t. Law- “We are defeating them on the ina+al
Wagner sleeping<*ar, Ottawa to New York. f | afid hau to keep out of the Country. He
Local-stops at in termed i- was supposed to be undergoing treatment
trial 9.45 p. m. Connects at Coteau Jet. for Com- ^ terms, but was being feted at Bristol, wall, Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman (Basgow and other towns. Tarte, the car to Montreal.	speaker continued, was also abroad, mak-
Î“j Of) A ” Vr uTtlfm™ Bctnn. iD.K.ePe®che' °»? “*• “! the channel » I I.e'vU A*ille New York, N>w which he contradicted on the other.
(Applause). “In fact, ' aummed up the
buffet car New Yorkto Ottawa.	I speaker, w.ieii tli© genera! elections come ,
a 1 •> | () VAAV Limited — fmm I on there will not be enough of the
east, kavtm, then, tt tMa^l eujî'ti'ïtaÏÏft I «?T,ern”eD.t Ieft to defeat,"(Cheer.). Mr.
I Mvlnerney s speech was very favorably Limited—from Montreal received and commented upon.
Has PatPnan parlor^ar!* ' The doling speech of the day was debail?- Loral- from inter- livered by Mr. J. M. McDougall, who
Kingston, Toronto and	Leferred 10 h,'*h term, to Sir Charles
pario cai.	Topper s oual in cations as a statesman
and a leader. He cautioned the Conservatives of Pontiac against permitting any division in the coming campaign which should be entered upon with the energy now so noticeable in the party proceedings throughout the country.
Mr. Mel) >ugali also referred in com | will bo found choiee and complete in every
trsasrjn % ssss s............................... ¦-....-........ - « -
canal scheme. The speaker call».d on the |A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED electors to place their present représenta tive at the head of the puli again so that he might have an opportunity ».f carrying this great work through. Mr. McDougall, who is well and favorably known
in Pontiac, waagiven »aplet.dij hearing.) c*,iit Bros, implement factor, and
wareroomi at Brock ville were if es» r.yed by tire on Sunday. Loss $125,000, half covered by insurance.
—o
o
X-k our agent to show you the Patented Ball Bearing Knife
Clip.
new
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
Vm drawing the trade our way. All leading bakers of Pon-
o o
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT FEE. 26, I960
EASTERN DIVISION.
tiac are t
8 our Plour. The farmer* get same quality in exchange
etc
Far sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21*2 HOURS.
Highest Market Piiice paid in Cash for Wheat
THE NOXON CO., Limited, Ingersoll, Ontario.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
For Service.
PONTIAC
a 6.10 A. M
Furniture I
. he undersigned offer for service a Tho rough bred (registered) Short horn Bull, recently purchased at Vernon, Out. Fee. • BOO per head, hut a reduction will be made to part ies bringing herds. Anplv at Lot. : o. *, Range 5, Clarendon.
E. T. BROWNLEE, FRANK ARMSTRONG.
WOOLLEN
a 8.45 A.M
Arrive* Montreal 11.55 a. m tached.
Furniture !
a 4.50 P.M.
MILLS.
Spring
Look out for the New Things !
Spa son ^pr‘n^ ^urr^ure ^ out of sight i
II j W ou Id you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
This well-known and reliable establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the quirements of the farmers of the county.
(>.35 P.M
re-
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS, BREAD PANS, DISHES of all thirds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
Our stock of Clotit
in Parlor Suites
only; Hus Pullman parlor car
a <>.35 P.M
Including all the finest makes in
at Alexandria onl
9.15 P.M
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
V, hat’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
SERGES,
TWEEDS,
WORSTEDS,
&c. &c„
Middle & Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
ft. In A. AT for Arnprior. Renfrew, 5/ £•¦™ L* vi • fcganville Pembroke. tiorry'H Hay. Whitney, Canoe Lake. Parry Sound and inlet mediate points.
A JA 1> \ f Ff»r a reprior Renfrew, Fg
eunvilie, Pembroke, and in
termediatc points.
%
an Inspection of which i* invited
Sideboard,
Extension Table, Dining-room Chair, Kitchen Table, Kitchen Chair, Bedstead,
Bedroom Suite Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress Parlor Table,
Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
Stoves.
}
1.00 P. M. I
ixf l tram for Arm»rIor Renfrew, Eguu
A. HODCiNS
PROR3P9IETOR
Aluda
wuska and intermediate stat Trains arrive at Ottawa Central del ?
11.10 A.M.
onu
;
The Mance of our stock of Stove he cleared «nit at reduced figures.


t
Fgnn-Renfrew, Arnprivr
1
and intermediate p-i.ntu
6.55 P.M
Fr->ra Firry Sound, Pun
. *
Aruj ' i •:
Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
2.50 P.M
Mixed tram from Mu da was • ka. Eganville, Renfrew, Am
prior and intermediate stations
The town of Waterford, near Brantford, Ont., Buffered severely by fire on The rumor regarding the murder of
Central Depot Bussell tae Elect. "»** " lr”b""--
atrnyed by fire OB Saturday night. Lues far ae can be learned :	f reign !vca
about $30,000.	! .V Pekin are itill safe.
G. E. WAINMAN,
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
GUTHBEIjTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
Shawville-
S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.
a Trains run daily except Sunday b Sunday ucly.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
ions
