###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION
Cf '
h
No. 41. 19m Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC OOUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1902.
<1.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
FIRST-CLASS
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
I
FARM FENCING
ou ni* doe mo muwt bc W. T. EARL,
Notice.*-A) it lcd by April 15th
Head Office! .
Cap lui paid »i
OTTAWA, CANADA
........U,(>00,00
All account*» due me must be nettled fore the 24th of April.
OF CANADA.
ONLY
AVE YOU ANYTHING TO PAINT ?
Rett
I
H. 1 Ml SON, Photographer
30 Cents per ROD.
, Board of 1H rectors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President. (ieokok Bay, esq.,Vice-President.
Hon. Geo. Drybos, JrHËH Ai.Ei. Frase». E*q ,
Monday», Wednesdays and Haiti rdsye - dealing sale (lays at Earl's.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
- $6,000,000.
for sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
John Mather, Esq.. Davit» MuLamn, Ehq., Dennis Murput. Esq
EOR SALE.—New home clipper*— run# with crank. Apply at
The Equity Office
.. Do it Now !
Head Ollice, - Montreal.
GEORGEBURN 1). M. PINN1E
O» reral Manager .. .. Manager
Auction sale at Earl non Saturday night —thiH week, selling Crockery, Fancy (îoo<1k, Groceries Confectionery, etc.
Wanted
telhgvnt l>oy to
Brandit» ;
IN ONTARIO :
Keewatin.
Kemptville,
Mattawn,
Ottawa,
•to
I ¦' do IF!limit 8* ;
Place, do Rideatt8t
do Somerset tit. Winchester Vaiikleck Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA
Portage La Prairie
IN QUEBEC:
,	Hull,
Shawinigan Falls
Agent# in Canada, New York and Chicago-Rank of Montreal.
Agents in St. PauI-Mm-hants Nat Rank:
Agent# in Loudon, Eng.—Parr# Bank LVU,
! car
Baby Carriage*.—Several stylos in stock at different prices
Apply at Tin; Equity Office
SHAW VILLE BRANCH,
Alexandria,
?rnprior,
A ton more, Bracelridge,
Carle to u
Colxlen Hawkeebury,
Lanark,
Parry Sound,
Pembroke,
Rat Portage,
Winchester,
Rmfrew
Toronto,
We have Everything .,. in the line of ...
Paints and
Varnishes
(the good kind)
And Brushes to put it on with.
Jam Graham.
I frame pictures at a very reasonable price. Call and see samples.
H. 1mIson, Photographer.
Millinery.—There is now In stock at Miss B. Tremblay's, Bryson, a beautiful assortment of the latest Spring and Summer half.
Money loaned on approved eeturlty at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts of the world.


RAVINGS BANK
Winning
Dauphin
The undersigned desires to inform the residents of Shawvillcandwur-rounding country that he has taken over the GROCERY ANI) BUTCHERING BUSINESS lately carried on hyJ.G, McGuire and proposes continuing the hame in his old stand—corner of Main and Pickanock Streets. Shawville.
Aocoun/» opened for amount» of one dol lar§ and upward» and Intereet allowed.
Office Hours SATURDAY* .
gV Goto Iiniscm’s Art Studio for Photos, Enlargements, Frames, etc. Everything in the line of Art a specialty.
FOR SALE.—A few general use Horses. In good condition for Spring work. Farmers* notes taken in settlement.
John Hamilton, Clarendon.
Keep in mind the auction sale at W. J Stark’s, on Wednesday, April 9th, com mencing at 1 oVlork sharp. A largeq lit y of stock, Implements and other ef feels to he disposed of.
Lechute
Montreal
10 A.M.T0 3 P.W
10 A N. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
uan
Advertiser>«and correspondents are reminded that we cannot assure the Insertion of matter unless It le In hand by Monday noon of each week
Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, Sur-
w I geon Dentist., will be at Shawville on I Ladies, our shoes contain the "Arm-1 third Tuesday iu each month, and Camp- strong Flexible Insole -warm and dry in e hell's Bay the following day. Parties will winter, light and cool In summer. Non
l ou*. .4 —h by	i	or-
At Stkwartb,
By strict attention to business and an earnest endeavor to give the best satisfaction to the public I hope to merit their patronage and support.
Remember the auction wile at Wm A Smith’s, 9th range Clarendon, on Friday April 4th, commencing at one o’clock «harp.
Don't forget the meeting of the literary society in the hall over G. F. Hudgins' «tore on Thursday night, interested in the society should attend
,	NOTICE.—The Shawville Photo Gallery
, will lie vacated on or before the 24th of April, 1902. A good chance for a Photographer seeking a business opening.
C. Caldwell, Shawville.
For sale at $175 or to lease for term of years, the North-West half Lot No 4 in 1.3th Range Clarendon. 20 acres cleared, well watered, good hard wood on half Woula put up
Don’t forget
Alabastine
The only Wall Tint.
small house for
i . .	.I T,» ft____• v ! the lot. Would put up	**%.*»*»%, »«»
G. A. Howard, agent for the^Mct onmek sujtable purchaser or tenant. Address
I Arthur McConnell, Advocate, Hull Que.
H. A. HODGINS.
|	SS:iiijTTitSVIZ K3
Light Draft, Vertical Lift
of McCormick !	,
Mowing Machines, also a consignment of
Mow mg Machines, awo 11 r i %	aJ bin es	Colonist special trains to the Canadian
. ,. , .	.	. XT , mMarch and April All information from
I HThe Kings birthday is in November, j. R. Tierney, ticket agent, Arnprior,
Messrs. Dumas and McEUiogett of l*ut the official announcement has been ,M
Eganville, have secured the contract for made that this year it will l>e celebrate
the erection of the new Roman Catholic on May 30th, which will »nark the be-
Church at Bristol. It will be 72 feet long gening of the coronation festivities.
and 34 feet wide exclusive of the vestry
Shingles for Sale.—A quantity of shingles for sale.
Wanted
Samvel Smiley,
Range 5, Clarendon
elsewhere
A teacher for District No. 5, Thorne. Term 6 months. To commeicc May 1st, 1902. Salary 15 a month. Must have a diploma. Address S. M LOGAN, Thorne Centre, up till April 26th.
Wall Papers, Window Shades, Carplets.
PROTECT YOUR SIGHT
Mr. Marconi has eelected the eite at
Mr. John Young, of Fort Cuulunge, I sulTkrlnr.	I Table Head, Glaoe Bay, for hie new
sssmsma SsSsss
was rescued from his perilous position by I c}iance to get what the thing is worth,
Rev. Father Renaud, in a very exhaust- t0 enable him to equip the service pro-Mr. F. A. Mayloney, merchant of ed condition after being in the cold wa- perly, and rest assured satisfaction will Chapeau, and one of the most enterprising ter about twenty minutes,	prevail all along the line,
farinera in the county, haa sold out his |	— ——	| —
Mr. Wifflim La
Present straining means future
charge of the Methodist appointments at Bryson and vicinity.
JAMBS CUNNINGHAM,
Starkes Comers.
HAY FORSALE.-Atthe office of Huffh Matheson, In the village of Shawville, over twenty tons of good timothy hay pressed, and in good order. To be sold at
...	It becomes our duty again this week	Born—To Mr. and and Mrs. Ralph mialîty!	ollar8perton accor<iing t0
cey, and intends disposing of ins stock to reixirt the death of another aged reeid- Hodgins, Clarendon, on Saturday, March	'	Hugh Matheson,
and farm, his object being to move to enfc Qf the village, in the person of Mrs. 22nd, a daughter,	___________
Now that the «now has gone some of Ricttwn’<Ï Radford,) who .«Med A Maple Sugar Social will luiliehl at „ “^pr^E'Vhkh'1 'exist the members of R H. A. are becoming	away on Monday morning, the 31 at	S. Pauls Rcctoiy on Wednesday e\e.	am g0ing to remove from	Shawville I wish
•mxious for a test at the buttfl. Have a	ult. The deceased lady s death was pri-	this week. Silver collection.	to assure my patrons	and the public
ï&e %%%	as jr sava t e
working shape at the range, to waste a	which brought on the end. nhe is sur	^^tnnaiaatweek,foundan owner in Mr.	therein before the 24th	of this month
lot of ammunition before the En fields	vived by a family of five sons and one	james McCaffrey of the same township.	I am here to stay.	H. Imison
are laid away for another season.	daughter, who have the sympathy of the A |ine or tWti Jn yHE Equity generally
— ——	. n	« i . T community in the loss of an affectionate it8 W()rke lf you want to find a lost
"%'fune», tookpkceon Tue^.y^	""
eldest daughter of Mr. W.H. Hodgins, of tornoon to the Methodist church coin- * this town, entered into life parnership etery. on Monday last. The ceremony which	----
united the young couple was performed Mn,. James McCaffrey, of North Bristol, day A most satisfatory statement of at the rectory, Hintonburg by the Rev. at $tt Luke’s Hospital, Ottawa, on affairs was shown to exist. Business for Mr. Christie.	Friday, March 21st, after having under- the year was duly transacted, and a vote
The following evening the young cou- gone two operations at that institution, of thanks given to the retiring Wardens pie returned by train to Shawville, and from the effects of which she never for their very acceptable work. The were met at the Station by numerous raHie<l. She leaves to mourn her loss a Wardens elected fur the current year arc friends who accorded them a warm re- husband and family of seven daughters Vtr. W. B. Crawford and Mr. Joseph ception, in which copious showers of arMj three sons.	Brownlee.
rice performed a conspicuous part.—	-----?----- -----------------------*-----
Later on at the residence of the bride's parents another reception of a less de-mostrative nature took place, at which a
SEs5a?5S heSH—
. r,7Krr: h?;4'Tbfpms‘h4^i™i" sir £ ŒSjniCÆ •?* - - —
riszrï t -e* fcsrugr® r; •** - «?
Equity joins in wishing Mr. and Mrs. Alex. Argue, to enter into the contract it is said, is in connection with negoti-Dgyv-
Clarke a long, useful and prosperous which was awarded him some time ago. ations admitted to be in progress be
Mr. Hobbs begins the service this week, tween the 0. N. and W. and the C.P.R. and as he already has served a good relative to the absorption of the road A very happy event took place on Wed appenticeship to the work, there is no by the latter corporation. The main rea-nesday, March 19th, when Elijah Scharf, doubt of his performing it in asatisfac- son why, ifc is said, the C.P. R. is after
Hazeldean, led to the altar Miss Bertha tor. manner. This Otter Lake mail the line is because it will provide» means
Parker, eldest daughter of Mr. Thomas service, it may be remarked, has had a of shortening the time between Pembroke Parker] Leslie. The bride looked charm starvation existence for several years and Ottawa about two hours. The pre* inv, dressed in cream cashmere, trimmed p&*t, in consequence of which the eltici- sent route by way of Carleton Place is with cream silk and insertion.	un<^ of the service has suffered not a direct one and by the bridging of
Miss Ettie Parker, sister of the bride, considerably ; but the Department was the river at Pembroke and thei operation! assisted the bride, she was dressed in Dot to Maine for this. It was due to a of 0 P.R. trains over the Pontiaclineand fawn cashmere trimmed with white silk, persistent and repeated policy of whittl- into Ottawa over the Intel-provincial The groom was supported by Mr. Albert {qc, down tenders till they reached a bridge the time would he materially Kagletion.	figure so ridiculously low that those who reduced not only as between Pembroke
The nuptial kn t was performed by have been performing the work of late and Ottawa, but between Pembroke am the Rev. Mr. Lummis in St. J .meâ have simply Wen making a present of Montreal. The western trains could Church, Leslie, at 2 p. m. The bride tj,eir time to the government. This also be run from Ottawa to Montreal was given away by her father. There should not be the case at all. The gov- over the short line in place of the longer was a large assemblage of relatives and arment expects to pay a reasonable ! north shore route. Another advantage, friends. After the ceremony the wed- price for the work it has to perform in it is said, would be that the necessity of ding party drove to the bride s all branches of the service, and is doing building a line across the. city of Ottawa father’s where a sumptuous wedding din- so right along. Why, therefore, should would Be obviated. Thon the present ner was served in the evening. The we j„ Pontiac, which receives so small a ! Gatineau railway could bo used a a presents were both costly and numerous, proportion of the public funds, engage in nucleus of a proposed route to James —some from Montana, Ottawa, Buck- & policy of knifing ourselves, such as has ! Bay.
ingham and Gatineau. On the following been pursued of late years? This mail A prominent railroad man, who was day they started for their home in Hazel &*rvico is an important one, constituting speaking today of the negotiations m dean, Ont., where they were met by a tke principal artery of communication progress stated that tho O. N. an I >>. largo gathering of his friends. All join for tb0 whole northern part of the couu system would lie of much greater utility in wishing them a happy journey through ty< ft should bo regularly and efficient- and value to the C.P.R than to any life —Com.	ly performed, and in order that may boso other railroad corporation, and ir was
¦jÜ <?one, it must bo decently paid for, but known that the present owners «*
jzjsrjs&zs&t Msssrsser sxz aarjrs. vj* src
merriogti at Amprior on the l»th.	laid aa.de. Oive eomv competent man | onoludod.
J. H. SHAW.
PERSONAL
M. James McArthur and family have The Annual Vestry Meeting of S. | returned from Ottawa.
Paul s Church was held on Easter Mon
Mr. W. J. Dagg and family who have been residing here during the winter months have returned to CamuMl’s
Too Much Care . . .
Bay
Stark's Corners
March 31.—The mads have changed considerable since last week,—wheels are the rage now.
On Uooi Friday service was held in 5t. Paul’s church, and was attended by
C. P. R after the P.P.J.R
The Otter Lake Mail Servce
There can’t be too much care taken
.... in filling a Prescription.
Errors in our Prescription Department are as near to being impossible as skill and unlimited caution can make them.
When you take n prescription to a Drug Store you have to trust the Druggist to fill it right. You, yourself, can t tell. It is not like buying cheese or bread. Wc promise you that your confidence will be well
placed if you trust us.
Prescription honesty is necessary to your health. We have no right to tamper with your health. Wc won't do it.
Wc have the experience and the education to put drugs together scientifically. Filling a prescription is not merely mixing upthe ingredients carelessly in any fashion. They must be properly mixed or they may produce improper results.
Our prices Î Well, we charge according to what goes into your Medicine—not according to the size of the bottle. We want to be fair.
Mr. T. S. Dean is erecting a new woodshed.
The debate w hich took place last
Which
life

Tuesday evening at the Temple
is the more useful a home or a bicycle ?” There happened to be 21 good points fur the bicyi lc and 15 for the horse, so the bicycle is more useful than a horse. House cleaning is the order of the
day
Quite a number attended the Easter services yesterday.
Miss Gran , our assistant school teach visiting her parent at Portage du
r
<?
es. is
w. S. Stark has sold 14 head of stall fed cattle to Devlin Bros, of Ottawa.
Mr. W Brown has received a position in Braeeide for the summer.
There was quite a turn out from ÀUS
tin last eve. Th
e young men of Austin especially are making daily und nightly calls at the brick house on top of the
hill
Mr. Beamish ia improving slowly.
Wo ft to sorry to hear of Miss Mary Smart's illness, and hope she will soon be
m
THE DRUC STORE.
among us again.	. . .
Mr Young has the sympathy of his ¦ account of losing his commn-the (ra)coon ; but all coons look
alike to him.	...
Don’t forget the pale. Bring along
your change and also your big bills. If you want to know where it is ask
Ilosee on
friends on
urn



###PAGE###2###

DANISH OLD AGE PENfiiOWB
cation in that direction in the future than they have in the past
had chosen a dress of rich white crepe ; the golden hair rippled over her neck and shoulders in sunny waves. She had no jewels. One white rose lay in the bright hair, and another was placed in the bodice of her dress.
Mrs. Marche looked up In surprise a a the beautiful vision came into the
e	•
System Works Well After Ten
Years’ TrW,
FOR FARMERS
WEEDS
e
| The Fatal Dower \
Weeds have their use, and are a A law for the pensioning of supblessing in disguise. They make the or annua ted and indigent citizens has laxy man till the soil. Many farm- been in operation In Denmark .over ers look upon them as a nuisance, since 1801. After a ten-years’ trial and cultivate the soil largely to de- the people have become so favorably stroy weeds. However, a few of the impressed by its results that a goner-elect are beginning to look upon cul- ftl demand has been made on the tivation as a means of obtaining Government for additional legisla-better crops, and the destruction of G on along the same line. The weeds as a secondary object. A amendment of the law is one of the weed Is merely a plant out of place; most important tasks of the ltigs-in some places it may bo timothy dag now in session, and clover, in others, a choice gar- 1’he present law Is based on the den (lower. On poor or improperly principle that every person who has prepared soils weeds can obtain a reached the ago of CO and finds him-stronger hold than the crop planted. unable to earn a livoligaod for therefore they emphasize the need of himself ami those dependent on him enriching the soil and of fitting it in is entitled to public support without, the best known manner for the crop being regarded as an object of pub-which Is to occupy it. Those farm- l*c charity or suiTering disfranchise ers who have land which they have ment.
brought to a high state of cultiva- It is required that the penstoner tlon do not complain bitterly of shall ho a Danish subject; that ho weeds.	shall not have been convicted of any
felonious offence; that his indigence shall not bo tho result of extravagance or tho deeding away of his property, and that ho shall not have been tho recipient of public charity within ten years of his pensioning.
In round numbers 00,000 persons are now receiving aid under the law, and the number of those dependent on them is estimated at. 17.000. The pensioners thus form one-sixth of tho population that has passed tho age of 60.
In 1898 the average annual sum paid to each pensioner was 114 kroner, or about $80. Taking cities and rural communities separately, however, there is n marked dlflerenco In tho average, which in the former amounts to 100 kronor, or $42. while'the latter gives only 98 kroner. or $26
Such sums may seem ridiculously small when it is remembered that (hoy arc tho sole source of income of a person for a whole year. Their inadequacy should not be judged by our standards
f SKSWSJStSX
> of the Soil.
e
e
Ok
room.
Sho welcomed Daisy warmly; but there was a puzzled look upon her face as sho did so. Hours afterward, while Daisy sung in the evening gloaming, Mrs. Marche went up to Rita.

#
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
peach and plum rot.
expérimenta in the treatment
of paach and
not altogether
e
Our
of monilia
« ». rx
United States Department or
this has been
2
the rot
SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING hair, tho color of Beatrice Conti's, CHAPTERS.—Margaret Howard, on madame answered ; the *vo of departure to join her sc- “Ah, a blonde 1 Then 1 shall discret ly nwried husband, leaves her	her.	Tho	only blonde in the
child with Susan Rivers and is xvorld 1 admire or like is myself." drowned at sea. Susan rear., the Which very characteristic speech Child, Daisy, as her own, and dies. |)C|ng repeated to Lord Lisle by Rita Her daughter, Margaret, alone knows j cuuso(i him great amusement.
Daisy’s secret. Lord Lisle seeks his it Wtt8 iftto on Tuesday afternoon child, and Margaret, taking Daisy’s when Daisy reached tho villa. Lord birthright, announces herself his Lisle, with the delicate tact that daughter. She falls in love with his distinguished him, thought it would
be better for the two young girl» t.> meet alone.
Rita nerved herself for the effort, his Bravo and courageous as she was,
"My dear Rita," she said, "there is nothing I dislike move than curiosity. Pray pardon me if I ask was not your foster-mother—this young lady's mother—a very superior woman ?"
“Yes," said Rita. "Why do you ask ?"
of tho
Agriculture. In fnct
the usual experience of Investigators
for several
the country . The fact is that spray-
all over
years past	.J
ing with bordeaux mixture reduces
the monilia fungus, but the udxturo
801 itself is injurious to tho foliage. I his
t	,	,	.	.	has varied with the strength of tho
h,is every mark of good breeding,	use(l anU the «mount of lime
und what i. more of good taste it contnin8i and i„ unexplainable Look at those little while hands ;	, vnripd in dIlieront son-
wmmmm
liSlIElF
th,L .....
a true lady. and is seen in one XZTno JeTxL about the de-
There was no suspicion in Daisy’s sav that Lord Lisle awaited them in	lmK- ,1S	1 1 1 x 1 ,	,
heart. She clasped her arms round the drawing-room.	™rl and wi	also be a	“n	g ous
Rita’s neck, her eyes wet with hap- “Now,” thought Rita, "now comes Gic mom lia. ol 1 ‘	.
py tears.	the real danger. If I escape during	the standard	bordeaux f>-	-;•»	n”'-
"Rita, my darling,” she cried, "1 tho next hour, I have nothing to	Gint is (»	peines *	1 •	'
am so glad and happy to come to fear."	P°unda lime ftn(l ',0 gallo,,s " K
much i you How kind and good Lord Lisle There was no trace of emotion on is ! I shall never be able to thank her face as sho took Daisy’s hand, and] him. 1 cannot possibly believe that saying: “I will take you. Remember
we arc both to be Lord Lisle’s children ! ”
“It is to be so," said Rita. "We Sho entered the room, holding her are to be sisters hero, Daisy, just sister's hand, as we were at Queen's Lynne. We "Papa," she said
to be Lord Lisle's daugh-1 the while, "hero is my sister—your
other child, as you call her."
There come no sign of recognition into his face—only a kindly smile of welcome. The tender eyes were raised to his. Lord Lisle never understood how it was, but in one mo- many years owner | ment the golden head lay upon his nt the same time a nl.fv J,a	%
m^m^Umi^mjKreast, tho sweet, face was
Daisy," said Rita, "you startle wet with tears.	I infer that you would like me o
in love | me with your ruptures, and my head “Mv other child !" he said, gently, mention some ol tho advantages <»t
Daisy, welcome home
(To Be. Continued.)	of the drudgery is removed from the
farm by having the milk sent direct
to the factory. There is also an increase in both the quality and tho quantity of the manufactured article by having nil tho milk in the neighborhood handled by an expert: thus having the whole output up to the standard of the best dairies. Again, the double test at. factories tends to impress upon dairymen the importance of careful examination of their individual cows and the disposal of
"Because I never saw anyone innately refined as your sister. She
nephew, Philip
FARM ADVANTAGES.
Tho farm offers a sense of security possessed in few other positions. Not only is there insecurity of position among those working on salary, but there is often insecurity of business itself. Who of us has not seen a business swept away by some industrial revolution. The farm also offers a largo degree of independence. There in no absolute independence; wo are each related to the other, but upon the farm there is none of the servile flattery oftentimes demanded in other lines.
More important than all, the farm offers good opportunity to benefit our. fellow men. The educated and intelligent farmer is sure to become a leader in the community where ho lives, lie is needed in legislative and other public affairs. Who can measure tho good influence of one such example in a community.
CHAPTER XIII
"Philip," said Lord Lisle to
nephew, a few days after tho ball, I when tho carriage drove up to have you	ever	thought	ol	marry-	door her	heart beat so that she
Ing ?"	could hardly see or hear. Some few
Mr. Lisle laughed.	| minutes afterwards Daisy entered the
"As a remote possibility, uncle," room, and Ritas eyes were drawn h»' replied. “If you ask tho question to her with a look that was halt seriously, I answer seriously, [ have dread, half feat never thought earnestly of it."	Daisy a tall, e egnnt girl, with a
"Yet you are old enough now." I sweet, pure face and tender eyes— said Lord Lisle, "and you know I Daisy, grown and altered, yet with many nice	girls.	How is	it ?"	tho same	smile, the same spiritual
"1 have	not met my fate'	"	said	expression,	tho same clear, musical
1 know clever girls—beau- ' voice, and ; but l have not vet met I the pictured
Lisle.
the
on
month
tho face so fatally like face of Dame Sybil I a
Philip. " tiful girls the girl 1 should like to marry."
Lord Lisle felt something like a sharp pang of sorrow at these very honest words.
"You may be mistaken," he said.
"No," interrupted Philip. "Like all other young men, uncle, l have my Ideal wife. I do not care so : for beauty ; but sho must be fair, ami sweet, and gracious, true
modest, refined and sensitive—a kind 11 11 m to live in this beautiful home of violet
coiicen-Tho troos
van b© used, or oven more t rated if necessary should bo sprayed until they blue. If any spraying at all is done after the foliage is out, it should be done with a formula containing 8 pounds of blues tone to 9 pounds ol
gazing at him ! lime in 50 gallons ol
arc
POULTRY
A kroner will go
Thoroughbred stock, by universal ! about as far over there as a dollar testimony, is considered of the great- | hero, est value
and call it mine
There are many such," said Lord
The total amount of money paid under tho law in 3 898 was $1,300,-
the ring of more money value. While | tho communities and the other half the actual amount in money of thor- j by the state. Tho fixing of tho oughbred poultry does rot convey , amount to be paid to each pensioner the idea of largo sums, yet in the ! has so far been left to tho communiai)* irai t and by comparison, it is ns | ties, many of which, while unable great ns in other stock poultry fancier it means and no farmer should over be con- | port tent without owning as good, or even better than his neighbors.
Even to the untutored
Lisle
the word "thoroughbred" carries as surance of increased value
I believe it
was the laughing
but 1 have not .vet met that !1110 both
to &	"
reply
particular violet I am destined win and wear."
"How can you know that ? ed the undo.
DAIRY PRODUCTS
I Daisy clasped her little white ask- | hands in a transport of gratitude.
"It is like a fairy-tale," she cried, n "Ah, Rita, what would my mother Some I say if she knew all this ?"
Tho beautiful face into which sho
I have had considerable experience both as a producer and as a manufacturer of cheese, having been for
of a factory and
“Because," he replied. *T am great believer in first love day I shall meet a young girl, and
I shall say to myself the first time \ gazed grew suddenly pale I see her, T must win her for my own/ I am no believer
founded upon intimate acquaintance I aches to-day
and constant association."	I “You have altered, Rita," said the
Lord I*isle sighed deeply ; but he young girl. "You arc beautiful as a said no more. There was no hope, picture, sister dear 1 Ah, it glad-then. for his darling child. Ah, if dens my heart to sec you hero ! Philip could but know, could but Jewels and rich dresses suit you understand the treasure he had well ; you are like a rare gem in a
wonderful setting ! Is not Lord Lisle very proud of you ?"
They talked long. Daisy had much to tell—of the kindness she had met with from her friends ; how deeply they deplored her leaving them her unbounded happiness at the thought of living with Rita in this beautiful home.
Rita said less. She spoke of the year they had spent in Paris ; her lessons ; of her masters Mrs. Marche ; of Lord Lisle, but she never even named Philip, or spoke of herself.
“You must be very happy Daisy at length
thing of all is to have found some one to love you. I would give all this a hundred times over to have
To the ; wholly to refuse aid, are known to the best, ! have conceded only a nominal sup-
Among the amendments now proposed the most important is one fixing a minimum sum, below which a pension must not fall. It is proposed to shift the burden Incurred by tho law us much as possible from tho communities to tho general Government and to permit pensioners to receive an annual income of not more than 100 kroner, or $26. from other sources without becoming disquali-
NOT SO ABSENT-MINDED
British Soldiers in South Africa Saved $5,000,000.
RECOGNIZED OLD FRIEND
Tho postofllco is throwing some sidelights upon tho character of the British soldier which will be read with interest, says tho London press. It appears that Tommy is not such an absent-minded beggar as lie is made out to be. Tommy himself has always • resented tho sobriquet, and the fact that he has sent tend, not to restrict, the scope of the
a million of money home from the | law.
Capo in postal orders during the past year is a colossal testimony to his thrift and thoughtfulness of homo need».
This useful public service has a I a long face is it pc or investment, section with every column for tele-1 Ilaste to get rich keeps many a graphic and postal work, and not only do they get letters safely through Boer-ridden territory, but I —merely a hollow mockery, they manage to preserve government | a very young man is apt to lose stock from cgpture with great skill his heart and his head simultau-nnd foresight. Of course some postal I ©ously.
dispatches have fallen into tho en- Unless you forget that you are try-emy’s hands, but tho check upon be- jng to go to sleep you will not etiolated mail bags is so keen that the | Ceed. misuse of postal orders is rare
Nightingale is Remem bered by Old Soldiers.
Florence
won !
A few days afterwards one of Philip’s old college friends, Lord Carlow, came over to Naples. He was going on a yachting expedition, and pressed Philip to join him. They should return, he said, in a month or six weeks.
Philip looked anxiously at Lord Lisle when the invitation was given.
“It will be a sad interruption to all our gayeties,” he said. “Madame la Comtessa will lose her right hand. Still, if Philip would like it, by all menus let him go.”
And Philip went. Rita lost no hope. He would return, she thought, tired of the sea, tired of being always with gentlemen, and then she might charm him more easily.
It seemed a strange coincidence that on tho very day he left n letter came from Daisy, saying that, in accordance with Lord Lisle’s wish, she would be with them on Tuesday. Lord Lisle was unfeignedly pleased. “Sho will find you much changed, Rita," ho said. “What will she think of	you ? Poor little Daisy !
wo must all be very kind to her ; she is quite alone in the world.”
“When is she coming ?” asked Rita, in a low voice.
Ho thought she was agitated at the thought of seeing her sister.
“On Tuesday,” he replied ; “and Rita, darling, I shall leave the arrangements of her room with you. Remember, that even ns her mother took you, a poor friendless child, to her heart, and shared all she had with you, so we must make her one of ourselves. .She is to be treated In every way as your sister. You know her, see that every taste and wish is consulted. You will be very happy, my darling, now.”
“Yes, very happy,” sho murmured; “and I will see to everything for Daisy.”
lied
Ex
The love which English people, especially British soldiers, feci for ()f Florence Nightingale has been shown at many times and in many places. A no\y and striking instance of it was recently given by the Sunday Magazine.
0f The late Sir John Steell, sculptor of to Queen Victoria, was modeling a bust of Miss Nightingale, when an officer of one of the Highland Regiments. which had suffered so cruelly in the Crimea heard that the bust had just been completed, and was in Sir John’s studio. Many of the men in his company had passed through tho hospital at Scutari, and ho ob-my dear mother back again.”	| tained permission from the sculptor
Once more the beautiful face grew] to lainff some of them to see it. Ac-strange ly pale.	cordingly a squad of men one day
“Daisy,” said Rita, “you will make marched into the big stud To and mo quite nervous if you talk con-| stood in line. % tinually about dead people.”	They had no idea why they had
“I will not do that,” said Daisy, be™ mustered in so strange a place.
mother is never Without a word of warning the bust
One thing seems certain, namely, that the law lms come to stay whatever changes may be made in it, these will certainly serve to ex-
And
worthless ones.
Too much cannot be said upon tho importance of cleanliness in milking and the cure of milk by the producer until it reaches the factory, especially where it is delivered but once a The chcescmnker, however cannot make first-class
POINTED PARAGRAPHS
day. skillful
cheese out of third-class milk. We had to refuse many cans during the hot weather last June. Recent experiments show that a uniform temperature of 70 degrees is not necessary, as heretofore believed, for the curing room. A much lower temperature will prevent tho development of bad flavors and give a better product. I had experience one season in making butter from whey, by running it through a separator as soon as taken from the cheese vat. A sample was exhibited at tho state fair and scored as high as creamery butter. A few unusual or new experiments like this might be of interest.
said
man poor.
Many n man’s word is like an echo
but the happiest
The poor author is douhl.v poor Mail running from columns off the | when he is compelled to borrow his railway is a dangerous game, and j thoughts, the army post office man requires not yy married woman seldom goes on only to bo an efficient postal ser- the lecture platform; sho has her au-vnnt, but a strategist, In so much dience at homo ns to know when not to send. Several deaths have occurred in the defence gome of mail bags, so that he has to be a | aq jmve to do it combatant at times
gently
long out of my thoughts. You have j wns uncovered, and then, as by one many friends ; I had but her." j impulse, the men broke rank “I will take you to your rooms," j with cries of said Rita ; “you must like them, j Miss Nightingale!"
Daisy. You have a suite like mine, model, and with hats off cheered the and I furnished them ns I thought figure of their devoted nurse until
will go J the roof rang.
So spontaneous and hearty and so
but my
and
Miss Nightingale! surrounded the
Actions speak louder than words, men never say die, yet they
When a man says he had forgotten
AGRICULTURAL EDUCATION.	-------4------ jail about that little loan you just
Jüs:	T™ H-HSîi’s
prepared ho is to Like advantage of cry country arc poor, therefore tho tbe pnvt of tho dog- imil others, his business. And ns tilling the soil rich people should not dress in such T, m(m who leuves ciim-ch just ns successfully is the most scientific a manner ns to tempt other people (he coUoction pinte starts around work that man can engage in, there- to keen pace with them in matters	havo bvcn (;lkptl seriously ill,
fore he should have a thorough ag-	of clothing. Tho real lady dresses
ricultural education. Our boys and	in good taste always, but modestly,
girls should be taught more of tho	and in a manner aimed to escape ut-
practical working of nature. They	tent Inn. True culture and refinement
should bo made acquainted with the	are never self-demonstrative. Take
different properties of the soil which	two instances—the young man who
produces that which keeps them	is valued by his employer, and is
alive and is tho motive power of nil	getting good pay. lie realizes that I	laud,	has	just	died	at
other industries. They should be this is tho time to put by his hard- eighty-seven. U taught tho different elements of earned money for the rainy day. Rut wns in extremely feeble health, nnc plant life, and how to produce the	across the road	is a man making	he coded	a piece of property to a
most with the least labor and ox-	five times the first	man’s salary. His	j neighbor	who required it for busi-
pense. The time has come when our wife dresses lavishly, anil takes care ness purposes on a promise to paj wisest men acknowledge that it takes	to let people know it. The wife of	him $10	a	week	for	the remainder o/
brighter intellects to successfully	tho first young man immediately do-	his	then	expected	brief life. Thi
till the soil than to read Blackstone,	termines to have	as line things as	neighbor	who made this costly bar
Our children should be taught in	Mrs. So-and-So over tho way, no	gain hnq	long since been dead; bui
their homes that farming is the most matter what the difference in her he left an estate out of which tlfi noble occupation that man can en- husband’s condition. This discouvng- weekly stipend—n handsome litth gage in and farmers should insist es the young husband, and the result sum of over $15,000 in the total-that their children receive more edu- is defalcations, bank robberies.	| has been regularly paid.	__
you would like best. We now. and when you have changed your travelling dress I will take you I inspiring was the whole scene that to Mrs. Marche."	in after days Sir John Steel 1 de-
The two young girls went together dared it to bo the greatest compli-through the long galleries leading tu ] ment of his life, tho suite of rooms Lord Lisle had chosen for Daisy.
They were beautiful apartments, furnished with taste and elegance.
The boudoir contained a few rare pictures and statues, and a magnificent piano, splendidly bound books lay in profusion about the table.
“I remembered your tastes. Daisy” said Rita—“hooks and music. This piano is a gift from Lord Lisle."
Daisy touched the keys lightly.
"What happy hours are in store for me I" she said.
When they stood in the pretty chamber a cry of delighted surprise came from her lips. It was so white, so light, so elegant—the toilet-table, with its costly ornaments, tho long mirrors, the white lace draperies.
"Rita," said Daisy, "I am afraid I shall wake up and find this all a dream. Who would have thought four years ago, that we should exchange the little cottage at Queen’s Lynne for a home like this ?"
Then Rita closed the door quietly, and stood before her sister.
Piles
To prove to you that Dr. Chase's Ointment Is a certain and absolute cure for each and every form of Itching, bleodlngand protruding piles, the manufacturers have guaranteed it. See testimonials In the daily press and ask your neighbors what they think of it. You can use got rour moncr back If not cured. fiOc a nox, at all dealers or Edm anson,Bates & Co.,Toronto,
Dr, Chase’s Ointment
but he rarely get y credit for it
LONG-LIVED ANNUITANTS.
An old resident of Stockton, Eng*
the fcge «>: Thirty years ago hi
t and
Yet if for one moment sho could havo had her will she would have smitten the gentle girl dead. In her dream, in her all-absorbing love, she had forgotten her, forgotten tho danger that might come with her, forgotten almost the evil deed and treachery that hail given her Daisy’s place. It came home to her like a mortal blow ; yet she was powerless to avert it. In vain she watched the long night through, trying to think of some plan or expedient which should keep Daisy away. But none of them did she dare to put into practice, lest they should excite suspicion. She remembered the puzzled look on Lord Lisle’s face when she had dissented before. She dare not offer any more objections ; suspicion and mistrust would surely j to follow them.
"I must meet it boldly to herself. "I have played for grand stake ; it is worth some risk, I that any allusion to it pains ¦ome bravery If I meet the danger j Take my advice, dear sister boldly. I shall conquer in the end
She busied herself in superintending | let him—turn


TURNING SMOKE INTO GOLD
Queen Elizabeth’s Wager with Sir
Walter Raleigh.
I
Queen Elizabeth of England waa not a thorough-going spinster, for she had so little prejudice against the practice of smoking that she permitted Sir Walter Raleigh his pipe in royal presence. She was sufficiently a woman, however, to twit him openly on his devotion to tho weed, and it was on one of these occasions that the knight replied:
“I can assure your majesty that I have so well experienced the nature of it that I can tell oven the weight of the smoke in any quantity I consume."

1
Protruding Bleeding Piles
“Daisy," she said, gently, “pardon me if I venture to say something you. Try to forget Queen's Lynne. Do not get into tho habit of she said j speaking about it. Lord Lisle has a j suffered so much during the past
him.
Two Letters from Mr. Walker Explaining the Severity of Hie Case and the
Permanency of Hie Cure by Using Dr. Chase's Ointment.
“I doubt it much, Sir Walter," replied Elizabeth, holding it was impossible to weigh smoke, and may-even hap scenting a joke, "and I will when ho wishes to talk of it do not wager you twenty gold angels that gggggthe subject adroitly, you cannot solve my doubt." the preparations for Daisy. She j It does him infinite harm. Will you Gallantly accepting the wager, placed flowers and books in her try and remember ?"	Raleigh filled his pipe with a weigh-
room. She told Lord Lisle how j “Yes," said Daisy ; “I will not od quantity of tobacco, and then, fond her	sister was	of music ; how	forget it.	But just own to me,	Rita,	weighing the resultant ashes, anew eetly	she sang.	A magnificent	; now that we are alone, is it	not	nounccd the weight he had smoked
piano was purchased for her. Had , strange that our lives should have "Your majesty cannot deny that •he been the daughter and heiress changed so entirely ?"	the difference has disappeared In
coining home, there could not have “It is very strange," she replied ; smoke."
been i\?rc preparation.	"and now, Daisy, I will leave you "Truly, I cannot," answered the
Rita spoke of her	continually. She	to dress.	I will send my maid	; to-	queen. Ordering the wager to be
told tho	countess	her foster-sister	morrow you will have one of	your	paid, she turned to the courtiers
was coming to live with her.	j own."	around her and said: "Many alche-
M&dtiine’s first question was :	Under any other circumstances mists have I hoard of who turned
"Is she pretty ?"	Rita would have been very proud of gold into smoke, but Rakdgh is the
When Rita answered that she was i her dainty delicate sister. She look- first who has turned smoko into ?cry fair and swt«t. with golden ed like a sweet fragile flower. She gold."
Some people seem to think that it is too much to claim that Dr. Chase’s Ointment will cure every form of piles, but facts go to prove the truth of this claim. These are interesting letters from one who has suffered much and been cured.
In November, 1901, Mr. Sherwood Walker, a fireman on the Canada Atlantic Railway, living at, Mada-waska, Ont.» writes:—“I am a great sufferer from bleeding piles. Sometimes the protruding piles corns down, causing much misery and uneasiness, and at other times I am subject to bleeding piles, and they bleed to such an extent as to make me quite weak. If Dr. Chase s Ointment will cure this awful ailment you will havo my everlasting gratitude."	¦
On March 1, 1902, we received the following letter from Mr. Walker, which speaks volumes for Chase’s Ointment as a cure for piles of the most distressing form He writes:—"According to my promise, I now take pleasure In writing to you. If you remember, you sent me a box of Dr. Chase's Ointment for bleeding piles some three months ago. I used it faithfully, and can say that It proved a Godsend, for It has entirely cured me of bleeding piles.	^	' ’f ’
"I would have written sooner, but I wanted to be able to tell you that It was a permanent cure you can use for the benefit of other suffering people. There are several people here who have been cured of very severe cases of protruding piles by using this great ointment."
So far as we know there is no other preparation extant which Is so successful in curing piles of the most aggravated kind a» Dr. Chase’s Ointment. Its soothing, healing powers are marvellous, and It» cure» thorough and permanent. Sixty cents a box, at all dealers, or Edmanson, Bates A Os., Toronto,
Dr
This
r
L


###PAGE###3###

! MORALITY AND CLOTHE
PERSONAL POINTERS.
FOR THE SAKE OF MONET. ÏFROM BOSNIE SCOTLAND,
like
this Is ft matter of conjecture, the Queensland opal, which Its possessor has tentatively placed with the jewelers who are preparing the King's crown.
The sceptre and cross and the rod and the dove which will bo placed in
after the crown
TO WEAR WHEN CROWNED
About Some
Notes of Interest
Prominent People
SIR HARRY JOHNSTON’S EXPERIENCE U AFRICA.
WFRE COMMITTED TO NOTES BY MAIL FROM HER NO PURPOSE.	BANKS AND BRAES.
CRIMES
The oldest postmaster in England is Mr. Matthew», of Croombe, near Hungerford, who was appointed in 1848, and still performs his duties, although he is eighty-four years <>f
QUEEN ALEXANDRA PAYING ATTENTION TO IT.
Evidence From That Country That Morality Does Not Depend
on Dls»s.
to Inter-
Many Things Happening est the Minds of A
Marrying for Money Led to a M der—Student Commits ful Crime.
tho Queen's hands has been put on her head will low the traditional design, but of light weight. Tho Archbishop of York, who has to perform the delicate office of crowning tho Queen.
be trusted to accomplish his	woinan
__	. Dr. Moclagan is aLUHbancj,
man	wlU United StiltesHHHHHHPH
divine exactly where that crown thirty when she married a widower | Alloa enjoys the unique distinction should he placed, wit h due respect, I	her own ago, and she bartered | Qj having tho lowest priced gas in
if one may mention it, to coiffure.	comeliness for his money, for he | Scotland.
Sg as
with reference to his wealth. They I Stirling Royal Infirmary has got. privilege also to attend livpd jn comfortable circumstances, £1,000 from an anonymous donor her Royal mistress on all great oc- it |s true, and agreed as well as most | to endow a hod in pei pctiity.
casions and to superintend the rob- carried couples of such diverse ngesf i Mr. Win. Younger, l„g 0f the Queen	for	State	cere- | but the young woman expected to | build an	annex to the	Victoria Hos-
monials. The office	is	semi-political hjvo splendidly on her husband's for-	pjtal for	Consumption,	Craigleith.
and one which docs not become void tune.	There is in Arbroath a licensed
through the demise of the Crown, q%o disappointment was more than | IIoust, f()r the sale of intoxicants for hence tho Duchess of Buccleuch ro" she could submit herself to, and CrtCh 219 of the population, mains Mistress of the Robes in the HeemH that about a year after wm	Edinburgh Tramway Corn-
new reign. She was u friend of the marriage she resolved to 9"" ken hr	y ha v0 declared
late Queen, and her kind, homely, husband's declining years, and ol denil for the year
graciousness which arc characteristic thftt hjfl system became impregnated •>»	¦ I II
of her house. Lady Lnnsdowno i«!with this poison without causing I Fifteen steamers, including one oi her sister.	him to feel any marked effects of any	12,000. two of 10,000	tons each
Hut putting aside	the	official	PO»H 0f the doses. In time this treatment	and one	of 8,000, are	building ag
tion of the Mistress of the Robes, proV(.tl fatal	I Greenock,
there is no one on whose judgment | qiu, the Queen relu s more Implicitly than j woman.
on that of the lion. Charlotte	felt when she learnt that the | hundred years,
Knolly», Who has held the office of ljmf, hud boon	to
Woman of the Bedchamber for some purpose, inasmuch as the slender in- i Linlithgow Oil Company has sus-t won tv years and enjoys hcr Ma- romc |icr husband received died with (|cd ,)Uymenl, and the sharohold-jesty's confidence and affection in a hlm nnd Rho was beggared by thf erg ftrc UHked t() wind up the cun-morked degree.	I foul act she had done to acquire I ^ ^
Sr£r!”nl	|
sr jress i&’S1	..... 160 6urKh " """"
Queen's confidante has somewhat do- save her from condemnation.	I Greenock is advancing. -
laved her Majesty’s preparations for	Jolmnn Sc ha run, an Aus a mfi m ~	years have	the	harbors	had	the	busy
the coronation, but. happily. Miss	leal etudvnt, imagining t£it an uncle	ep|lvanime	they	arc	at	present	pre-
-Taking Scotland all over, there is as nearly as possible one regularly constituted church to every thousand
uld
Her Coronation Robe and Crown Will Be Absolutely
New.
Aw-
fol-
Qcotia’s Sons
Stranraer harbor is about to bo
be
Sir Harry Johnston is the latest to declare that there is no conneo tion between tho moral sense people or the degree of modesty they possess and the amount of clothing they wear.
When Speke discovered th.* very intelligent people of Uganda
Tho Kaiser is an enthusiastic mo- northern shores of Victoria Nye.nza.
for agricultural purposes, to be bark of a certain tree and by pound-
competed for during the next twelve, mg and working it inat.e n
months. In addition the Kaiser has serviceable substitute for cloth
lmtimated that he will make the Speke had seen no other natives
award himself ti tlie successful com- on his long African journey, who filllitn|1 :. « nnq	were not. rather scon I ily attired, llut
1	"	the Bnganda believe in garments that
Many years ago Queen Alcxanm a (.oxcr thc*r,i from neck to heel visited ltislcy, and was invited to	there were very few tribes
try her fortune at the targets at a throughout tropical Afrira that are distance of G0<i yurds. 1 he idle w,,s so completely clothed ns the Hagnn-
placcd m position for her, and with her first shot she hit the bull’s eye.
This rifle is now one of her treasured possessions, and is served in a glass case in one of he: private rooms at Sandringham.
age
The futility of crime has bi( n ^ | greatly improved
monstrated	y^an by the trial The mills at (ialashiels arc busier
* tho murder of her just now than for some years.
which recently closed in the At, Nairn recently Dean Hisset gave
Kate Muller wan an illustrated lecture on Canada.
Eng-
just
Bancroft,
Sergeant «laine»
oldest volunteer, has
Tho one thing that the Queen has on from tho beginning la grace and beauty of her
of a
land»
died at Cheadle, aged eighty-six. By
the courte») of was allowed to wear the uniform, to shoulder tho rillc, and to attend all encampment» of his corps until 1900.
Insisted that till
coronation mi»-* lUmii not bo each llccd to historic piecedent or to tho College mind to
Westminster Abbey looking like a picture out of tho Midtile Ages. Her robes will have a modern style so far as is possible, says tho London Daily Mail.
The Queen has had her share of the anxieties belonging to tho preparation of ceremonial druse during tho long period of her reign as Prince»» of Walcr, but all that sink» into in-Klgntflcance in comparison with choosing of her costumes for the approaching great event.
Her Majesty thinks it a good thing that r coronation can * only occur once in a lifetime. The selection of robes for such a historic ceremony Involves countless considerations of detail, which do not enter Into tho choosing of dress monials in general
never more s
the War Office he
for
may work with tact
of Heralds. Sho has no walk to her throno In
on tho
that they
fairly
of
THE ROBES DEPARTMENT
It is her
tho
In
M R., is to
da
When Stanley visited the same people years later, he found that Arab merchants had carried tons of cotton cloth to the great lakes to-do Baganda were wearing flowing robes of Manchester cottons man and woman was fully dressed, all wanted cotton cloth and Stanley predicted a great market for cottons ns soon ns cheaper transportation should lesson the cost.
The railroad is now completed through though not yet open to freight traffic soon
cotton cloth they want, for freight» will be reduced to about one-fourth of the price charged these many years for costly carriage
ON THE BACKS OF MEN.
most
pre-
Well-
divi-and there is little
for State cere-as, indeed, the peeresses have discovered, who until few days ago were in a harrowing state of uncertainty as to the form of their kirtles and tho length of their trains which tho Lord
berlaln's them to wear.
The Queen has her trials also, and her boudoir at Marlborough House has had on occasions the appearance of a school of design and a modiste's establishment combined. Shall it he silk or shall it be velvet? Is it to be embroidered with gold or studded with gems ? Shall the heraldic they
no
Every
Mr. Kipling is a careful worker. His copy is well written, but almost every paragraph is scored and written and wholly changed. In the editing of the copy there is ticeable
wholesale striking out of adjectives It would seem that, Mr. Kipling goes through his manuscripts with other thought than to "kill" them
Probably the smallest monarch in the world is she who reigns oxer the Hindu vassal State of Bhopal governs a nation million souls. This dwarf is a man, Bjihnii-Hegum by name, but although about fifty years old she is no larger than a child of ten. Her diminutive size does not prevent her however, from holding the reins of government witli a linn hand.
a
re-
one no-
Chnm-
regu I allons will permit
the
feature, and that is
'l l o Bnganda will
he able to buy nil the cheap
no
.. almost imagine xvhat this j Lilly Maclenmm. Ullapool, who who had done such a cruel | died the other day, aged over one
had been a pauper
can
and
of more than a
wo
shall
devices I to put here or be put there ? arc questions which tho Queen and her ladies are even yet discussing.
Her Majesty for long been an example
suitability of dress to the women of this country. Never from the day she wore that lovely gown wreathed from hem to waist, with orange blos-hns she failed to take the palm nt all great ceremonials.
After living among the Baga ida for n long time Sir Marry Johnston has recently returned to England. He has some interesting facts to tell about these hundreds of thousand^ of people who live on the shores of the greatest African lake.
He says that though they are a very carefully clothed nation are almost more squeamish about exposure of the person
still they are very They are decidedly
inferior in this respect to the Kav-irondo tribe who live to tho south-
The Kavirondo, in
years has of elegance and
his wife
When Mark Twain and were on their wedding tour he wrote to a friend
lodgings for thcm|^^^| them at the station on their return and assured them that they
their boarding-house satisfao-
were
Not for
and
at Buffalo to secure This friend met
thn#
soins
sen ting
any
Europeans are, lax in morals.
for dress
and sho is not going to lose her reputation
would
£7,000 to put the concert hall
find
tory. On reaching there they welcomed
who asked them to accept the house wedding gift. Overcome by the surprise, Mark took ilia wife’s hand and, stepping up to her parents, simply said
AT THE CORONATION
by tho bride's parents,
mpmm
¦¦eu.
pie robes.
Tho Queen will not walk under a
ancient custom being
east of them
fact, aro quite punctilious in their deportment.
The interesting distinction to bo made between these tribes is that while the Baganda, one of the few completely dressed tribes in tropical Africa, have no moral code worth mentioning, as far as relations between the sexes are concerned, tho Kavirondo, one of the few tribes in tropical Africa that wear no clothing of any description maintain a comparatively high standaid of morality.
The contrast, between these two peoples is the most striking illu tion yet adduced in support ni assertion, often made moral standards in vogue among the barbarous peoples of Africa cannot be measured by the amount of
as a
of the people.
Over £7,116 have been subscribed to date for the proposed Sanatorium in Ayrshire for the treatment of consumptive patients.
St. Andrews University court has accepted estimates amounting to £16,330 for tho erection of Dundee Medical School Buildings.
'Happy twain.”
extensively Mrs.
Perhaps the most travelled lady in the world is Crosslcy,
of Indianapolis. She is to make her twenty-
Shc
worn
now preparing
first voyage round the world has crossed the Atlantic no fewer than seventy times, has made twelve journeys to the top of the Pyramids, and has visited every town of note in Europe, Asia, Africa, and Am-All this amount of travelling
turn.
lie demanded of the old lady the
hoard
The death of Win. Scott, fisherman Birgham, at the age of eighty, has removed one of the greatest expert rod fishers on the Tweed.
Lord Roberts finds that Barry
Annsmuir, and
erica
too, she has crowded into eighteen years, and, us may well be imagined, sho possesses a wonderful collection of curiosities from every quarter of the globe.
t
i-
t ho
that
i no
Links, Forfarshire,
Lundin Links, Fifeshire, are unsuitable for the training of army corps.
A good story is told of the Bishop of New Caldeonia, now on n to England. He recently addressed a large assembly of Sunday-school children, and wound up by asking in a very paternal way there a-a-n-y little girl who would like to ask me a question ?” A thin, shrill called out : "Please, sir, why did the angels walk up and down Jacob's ladder when they had wings?' "Oh, ah, yes—I see hop; "and now, is there a-a-n-y little girl who would like to answer little Mary's question ?”
clothing they wear.
The Massai women also, who live further east, are completely differentiated from their half-clad Pister» of other tribes by the fact that no wo-in tho world are more completely very lino
visit
walking.
Since the beginning of January the Customs authorities at Greenock have drawn in about £100,000. course, this means the arrival of many ships laden with sugar.
The villa close to Balmoral Castle, long occupied by the late Queen s Indian attendant, is now fitted up for Dr. Corbett, the physician for the King’s establishment.
An urn with 500 silver coins, in size about equal to a six penny piece, was turned up by a plough on a farm near Bervie. The coins belong to the reigns of Edward I., H , and
5E*iEüi
sistnnt likes to wait on her "
And now, is
men
ly clothed than they are of their forms is
little hoy or a-a-n-y
Of
« i
canopy, that omitted from the coming ceremony , but the precedent of having her train carried by her three daughters may be followed, and would certainly
give distinction and prevent rivalry among tho peer-
voice
ENTIRELY VEILED
committing his dreadful crime, for it gave notice that the house and its contents were shortly to be sold bv auction to pay his uncle’s creditors. THE MAN WITH A PATENT. I Tho old'man was almost penniless;
“n'r™.--	Some years ago
male relative of hers con-
hy the flowing robes that arc fastened around their necks and drop to
but no one has - er
were
their feet,
thought that the Massai women at all prudish.
A traveller who has recently returned from the line of the Uganda Railroad says that a section of the Massai people seems to be threatened with extinction tors and mothers among them took a great fancy to the Indian coolies who graded the road bed; and when the work was done and hundreds of the natives of India left the Massai country a great many of the native women went with them.
Sir Hurry Johnston says that through the efforts of The numerous missionaries who are wal king among them, tho Baganda, on the whole, are moving toward a higher plane
of morality who have, at least nominally, converted many thousands of the natives to the Christian faith, arc roof one burden which their
said the Bis-
9 9
to tho procession
esses.
Tho Queen wi 111
her coronation day, down to
item in her
wear everything
Maxim Gorki, the celebrated Kus-
1 it tie
new on
tho most insignificant apparel, saving only her jewels, and tho garments worn will be preserved as mementos of the occasion. Indeed, the "new clothes" custom will be observed throughout society, and in some of the poor quarters of London clothing clubs have been started by which people can invest against coronation day.
The crown was one of the earliest matters under the Queen’s consideration, and when it was brought from the Tower for their Majesties’ inspection the Queen viewed the ¦¦¦ggg of royal consorts
We.l might sho have	„ a spaco
soles, and the toe and heel ends are You fill the space with ashes,
there lived m
sian novelist, was for years better than a tramp. At fifteen
away from home, and up to the ago of twenty-five he scarcely had sufficient food to keep him alive. He worked alternately as a day laborer, sawyer, a cook, and a lighterman. Then he heard that free instruction
and
he
The (laugh-
4 4
ran
to light a shoe, a
quart of wood ashes.
‘•Wlmt on earth is il?" asked tho
III
distant
ceived the idea of ingratiating his way into her golden opinions and
SECURING HER FORTUNE.
Lord Balfour of Burleigh is a keen He was at a Cabinet Coun-London at night and next he was at Stirling waiting
curler, ell in
a
shoemakei It is
Bronson's Patent Safety
shoe. Here’s the idea: In winter our i ^	; upon her her unfitness to live
pavements arc dangerous from ice-I lone whPn she was „id, infirm, and By sprinkling ashes on ice you pro- | jfi nppd of guch kindly treatment as duce decomposition and render travel safe
f 4
morning	.
for the train to convey him to the
big curling match at Larbert.
A boy aged 12 and a girl aged 3, named Andrew Dykes and Margaret Irvine, were walking along Greene St., Glasgow, when a ladder 35 feet long which was resting against a wall fell upon them. Both the girl’s legs broken, and the boy received ugly wound on the top of the
could be obtained at Kazan, having no money to pay for journey he walked there—a distance of over 600 miles. He there worked for a salary of $1.50 a month, studying hard during the evenings. Then he became a clerk in a lawyer’s office, where his literary talent was discovered, and he eventually made his mark.
his
he
could not bo hired for money ¦ | persuaded the old lady to go to his house and live with him and his
Do you follow?
9 9
9 S
••But
“Of course you don't, but I’ll ex-This is a double-soled shoe.
between the two
i’hese excellent men
an-
wife
headpiece
cient
with a shiver
ask'd in constrin.ti iungggj
it with my coiffure ?"
both treated tho old lady
They ¦ ¦ I I	I ¦
with the utmost attention there is not the faintest doubt—it. was their policy to do so until she made a will in their favor. This she did. lea\~ ing the whole of her wealth to them. She died rather suddenly after executing her will, but there was nothing surprising in that fact since she had been in wretched health for
them bluntly that the will was hopelessly bad; they were the sole beneficiaries under the will, and had witnessed the signature of the testatrix, which latter made the will worthless, it being impossible for a witness to a will to benefit under it.
On tho day following their disappointing discovery they shipped out of the country. Foolishly they left the will in the lawyer’s hands, and he, scenting something suspicious m their behavior, when they learnt its worthlessness, passed it on to another of Mrs. Wellings relatives, who had the matter investigated, winch caused it to be clearly shown that the fugitives had poisoned Mrs. Sellings to obtain possession of her property, as they imagined. Perhaps they feared some such discovery would be made, when they fled the
At all events they sure ss-
werc
in the
to run
an
lieved
brethren in some other parts of Af-
tbought it important to As the Baganda are fully
Soldiering seems
blood of certain families. A typical
instance of this is furnished in the person of Mr. William Smith, chief janitor at the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary. Smith’s father was a soldier, he himself and four of his brothers "took the shilling" one after another, and he has given four sons and a grandson to the army This, therefore, is a case of “soldiering" carried through four g cessive generations, and the youngest of them all is able to make the proud—perhaps the unique—boast that not only his great-grandfather, his grandfather, and his father,
and three uncles
their sovereign in the
wear
opt n
and as you walk it flips out in advance of you."
“That’s a good idea!"
“Yes, 1 worked twenty-two years This funnel lits into the heel
head
IN DAYS GONE
by Queens were content to hide their jovely locks under a top-heavy caplike crown suggestive of pantomime
performances
jects would as soon have thought of
criticising the shape of this symbol of regnant royalty as of taking exception to a peeress’s tiara.
. \Ve live in more democratic days, and the loyalty which is exhibited by all classes with regard to the approaching coronation does not prevent people having their ideas the dress of royalty. All will pleased that the Queen 1ms practically discarded the old crown of previous queens consort, and that the poms which it contained will be reset in a new crown of more dainty proportions and lighter design, will rest quite prettily and naturally around the Queen’s hair without disguising it.
The purple velvet cap upon which it will be mounted will be less obtrusive than in the old crown, and the border of ermine less pronounced.
it can be said to be
rica have
»
A REMARKABLE BUOY

assume
clothed it is not necessary to agitate in favor of clothing reform At many of the Congo mission stations. on the other hand, the teach-whet lier wisely or not, insist in dressing the children of their schools much ns country boys and girls in Canada are dressed. Not. a few supporters of missionary enterprise are Inclined to think these teachess are making a mistake in view of the fact that scanty attire in thnt region does not promote immorality or suggest impropriety, and that the little
g undoubtedly uncomfortable in a land of steady heat by being compelled to wear clothing
adapted for a tern-
Lately M. Gchre, a G dr man engineer, has invented a buoy whose merit consists in the fact that wave action lights it electrically. The apparatus needs no attention for months at a Even the smallest waves gen-
and their liege sub-
on it
of tho shoe, and is used to load up
with
ers
time -M-m -	,
<>rate the light, while the heaviest
storms fail to put it out. b urihei-more, in this device wave-action also operates a large bell, three resounding strokes being given before every flash of the light. These buoys are now being largely employed in the shallow waters along the German coast.
t 4
suc-
on
over a
rue an order?”
“No. sir. thing I ever heard of.”
“It is eh? You’ll see whether it is or not before the winter is over. I’ll sell enough to buy you out and throw your stock into the river.”
He is still looking for someone to take his invention up.
be
but
It is the most ridiculous
four grand-uncles all served
children are
ranks
THOUGHT IT WAS MINERAL
been
Perhaps no artiste has ever the recipient of a more amusing and unexpected compliment than that paid by tho late King of Holland to Mr. Auguste Van Bienc, the famous 'cellist and actor, when he gave a
before the Dutch Court -i. Being under the that the King had a
that is better peratc climate
it
The following story is told by a gentleman who recently paid a visit to Ireland:	A wealthy land-owner
gave a large and sumptuous dimlcr
to his tenants, at which not. only
the side tables, was handed freely One old farmer, who was
THRIFTY PEOPLE.
The Lord Mayor of Sheffield, England, at the recent annual meeting of the Sheffield Savings Bank, said not ten per cent, of the large wage-earners saved a farthing, and when had trade came and tho soup kitch-
started they were generally
AN OBSCURING FEATURE
performance
impression great liking for music of a vigorous and dramatic character, Mr. Van
selection which re-
was the poteen on
but champagne
round. -	.	_ I
noted for his strong head, drank a
large amount of champagne, which
did not seem to please him. At last
the waiter offering him another
glass, he said: "Pat. when are they
going to place the whiskey on the
table? These minerals arc getting
tadious!”
years ago
Yes. I have a pretty big mouth,”
but I have I got my
4 4
l *
said the candid man, learned to keep it shut lesson when I was a small boy.
“I was born and brought up on a farm, and I had the habit of going around with ray mouth wide open, especially if there was anything un-¦ ¦¦ mm One day an uncle,
So far us modeled after any crown it will resemble the one first made for Mary Beatrice, the Queen of James II.. and tho loveliest royal Consort until
the present time.
It has, I believe, been finally decided that the Koh-i-noor will occupy the central position of| crown, but will be worn as an ornament in front of the Queen's bodice, in the same way that her late Majesty wort it of lato years. Australia has a hope that the wonderful great pearl on the way to the country titav l* accorded a place of toner In the Queen's crown; but
Bicne gave a
qui red more than usual energy ana effort to play. At the conclusion the 'cellist was warmly thanked by the King who, after expressing himself as highly delighted with the music, added : “Of all the 'cellists I have heard, and they include Fiatti, Davidoff, Popper, and other great artistes, you"-herc Mr. Van Bienc politely bowed, naturally expecting to be told he was the greatest—' you
Von Bicne, perspire the most. < week.'
ens were*
the first to apply for assistance
the people who got from $:> to
showed a thrifty
ft
on
was
$6 a week who spirit.
usual »ing on whom 1 had not seen for years, paid
ns a visit.
" 'Hullo, uncle!’ said I, looking up at him with my mouth opened like a barn door.
not
the
country
fullv covered their trail
Meeks—"My wife prefers coffee for breakfast and I prefer tea.” Weeks.-
SCO who you are.- "	W mine regularly.
husband ft good pto-
“Is your
vider ?” asked the sympathetic visi-Indeed he is, mum. Ho got
three new place# to waafc \
4 t
tor
He
« •
me

Mr







###PAGE###4###

THE EQUITY. Tariff of Tolls
SMART As SMITH
MASSBY-HARRIS
Boots
SHAWVILLE
To be collected during Season of i 1902 by the Quiqze Rapids Improve iqent Company, Limited.
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 3, 1902.


y
o

1 n the iteuuharnoia election on Wed neaday, Mr." Luy, the unseated mem her. was again returned over Mr. Her gcron, Conservative. I y a reduced major ly—1T>S. At the general election Mr Tioy had a majority of ‘J77.
Shoes
Rubbers
y

Saw logs 17 feet and under In length per thousand feet board measure..........................
Red and White Vine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 1)0 feet long, per thousand feet board measure ................
Rev! ami White Vine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or t*	1 feet l
wards in length, per thousand feet board measure.........
Red and White Vine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney board, per thousand cubic foe!....................
Tl)e IVjelotte Cream Separator
6 cents.
The Conservatives <»f tho North Riding of Renfrew ore ready fur the provincial all ray whenever Premier Ross de < idea to call it off, having on Saturday last at a large and enthusiastic couveu-' ' nominal d Pt WÎ e, ir., Mayor
Phe candi-
y
71 cent
« : i ho town « t Pcmbr
is a son of the late Andrew White, and is said to he one of the most popular young men in the riding, and is besides l uf more than ordinary ability.


Special value in Rain Coats,
and up
1
V cent
t
The people uf Pontiac have become quite accustomed now to hearing reports of the sale of the P.P.J. and the G.V.R. These report# have been periodically revived for several years past, and as nothing has come of them interest, has so flagged that very little stock is taken in what is rumored in that connection these repo so rapidly ( hangc wcie in tho wind. < >ne <! ly v
whole er the
to
MACFARLANE BROS
OQcei
DEER AND IVIOOSE.
The Melotte Separator has proved to be the easiest
l;VN, EASIEST CLEANED ailll MOST EASILY MANAGED Cream
Separator on the market. Prices to suit all, from the smallest farmer to the largest skimming station.
But lately rU are succeeding each other that it looks as if some
All well disposed persons are expected and it Is their duty to assist the (lam< Warden in protecting the deer and during the close season.
Many are humanely doing so not more could do it an I i out : ness to those All t hat is net ess	dr ; ft line
saying when the deer or moose wcreklUvd or molested and by whom and if by more than one person give names of all.
It is better but not necessary that you should give your name, unless you wish to be paid for your trouble. All correspondence strictly private and confidential.
Address
N. McCVAlG.
Porv. Game Keeper
Bryson, Que.
Campbell’s Bay.

hn
learn that the V P.R business cut and dry to take Roomer lines, and the next wc arc told that the Webb syndicare, which recently purchased the Canada Atl mtic, are Ivt-tout after these roads, and are bound to have them to perfectthesomewhat elaborate system that has been outlined If there is anything in all this talk, we think we can safely say we are expressing the prevailing sentiment in this section of the county that the big companies cannot get down to business any too soon to suit the wishes of the people of Pontiac. Kveryonc is anxious to see the Pontiac railway completed, and a good lively ser-
kii
Wo give a trial cf machines to intending purchasers.
(mais
SMART & SMITH.
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
C ROLLER MILLSlr “¦ ”UM
^FURNITURE.
$500,000 to secure the passage of the bi'l
,	,	.	,	, L ..	, for the rurchsse cf the Danish
vice inaugurated, and it does nt matter [ndie, b the Vnited Slate» Contes., ft whit l>y whom. Let the music begin.
La Vérité now out for Annexation as Against Imperialism.
West
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do busi-
polk, ,b.	.. . I ,	M.roh. KI - U v.tiie, th. ness solely on a reputation already established. No, sir
F-Tw	We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
policy ao aa the peop'e will know what to deckred that anncxfion with the l u.ted	highest price for it. We have a large StOCK Of Flour
"Eg	r	I *-‘îK.UE", ta?* «nd «» M»<1» of Feed and can make Plt.CE» Blear.
want a policy of protection to our labor, loral declaring strongly in favor of an-agticultural, manufacturing and ether ^xation rat.ier than dorv.opment cf industries. We want a pel cy which Imperial:sm.
will give our people the advantage in ^ acknowledges, however, that an- — their own market-* policy of Canada nexation would mean the peaceful exfor the Canadian., and Canada for the [lnc‘,0D1 c( * renoh-Caoadian race,
Canadians mean, not the les. Canada for but declare, th.. tu be preferable to In=-
Because ins-eking to promote perialnm. which, if perilled in, will
mean civil war.
Canada and the Empire
Wo want to know what will l»e the
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
f
JAMES WILSON.

UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
THE FAVORITE
empire.
the development,'pro;parity and advancement of Canada, we are but doing our y to that portion of the empire which been special y committed to our charge and lastly we believe in a policy of reciprocal trade under which, while protecting Canadians Interest», we ihall give to ...	,	,
and receive from the other portions of	a victim of
the Empire preference over foreign	d:ae«e, from wh.chm.lsdy he h«
good*.’ Mr. R L. Borden, le.der of ihe	suffering for eome f.me put. Hi.
Conservative parly in hi# declaration of en"[.'*41, * v .	..
the Cuneetvitive policy.	Wuh Ue,l Joau Rhode, die. one of
the most characteristic men cf the Greater P;i r.n. Admired or hated, no one has denied his personal force. He has
*
open hypocricy. Ha believed that one	IH HHHIH
policy was for the development of his | Cecil Rhodes to be Buried on a
Copje.
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
dut
Cecil Rhodes Dead
has
THE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
Cscil Rhodes, the great Angîo-African Imperialist, died at Cape Town on Wed-
pRESH ARRIVALS
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
IN
WAINM AM’S.
FACTORY
Young Canadians Behold
f
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
AT THE
Is again built up
Clash Store,
and
ready for business.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
STARK’S
CORNERS.
of which we have a variety in stock.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH I P -TO DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, T H F, PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
A full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin.
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
G. B. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLB.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will b# kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
P. S. -Highest price for Sides and Pelts.
THE MARKETS.
The Quebec LegifUtive Assembly during the late session voted down a resolution implying that the Liberal Government is censurable because its members when in opposition blamed the Conservative Govemmei t for spending on ordinary servie is an average of $3,1)74,424 during the four years from 1892-93 to 18%; while now that they are a ministry in power, they have spent during 6ve years an average of $4,377,870, miking an in, t ,	. i »,	, crease of $399,445 upon the sum which
% £?« «à-s teeiasrJs uzvr.
500.000	were used, and the remaining owing to the necessity if the c natiuctioii
800.000	are lying along the road. The of a special carriage road from Buluwalyo. j Winnipeg, March 27 -The election o ties were ourchatod at nriccs ramzint1 At present there w nothing more than a , D. A. Stewart, Liberal for Lisgar, will from 20 to 30 cents each.P No contract j bridle path. Work on this read has al- j be protested. Papers in c mnection with was made with any dealer and the ties ready been begun, but its completion will , the case will be filed teday by Andrew A
require one month.	j	Andrews of Winnipeg on behalf of some
of the electors of the riding. The charges are of the usual nature.
country ; he advocated one unconditionally opposed to his ideal out of his own mouth, John Charlton stands con- London, March 28.—In a despatch from damned bafore Canadians, aa one who Cape Town the correspondent here of would willingly have sold his native land, the Daily Mail says the Cecil Rhodes se for a “ mere mesa of potage "—the re lected the spot where he desired to be tentiou of power.	buried and instructed an architect about
the memorial to be erected when he last visited Matoppo H.llt, Rhodesia. The place of burial is beneath a natural cairn
SILAS YOUNG.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 08 to 7.1c. Flour per barrel, $3.44) to $3.80 Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush. Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, It toOOe, Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 10c. Pelts, each, 40 to 50c.
Hides, $4.50 to $5.00.
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
Here it is ! |SHAW™S The Place
Mr. Blair's Management. ?
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Bn-1 ne®*1 h»ve Just Placcd in potion &
jm xwr	set of first-class machines for the man
ameliea W are.	I ufacture of nil kinds of

OTTAWA
In connection with my former busi
/
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
“ pails. 18 to 20c. per lb
Eggs, fresh, 15c. per doz.
Potatoes, 80c. per bag.
Lamb. 0 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 0 toOc. per lb.
Beef, 8% to 5c. per Ih.
Pork. $7.25 to $8.75 per 100. Oats, 47 to 49c. per bushel. Hay, $6.00 to $9.00 per ton. Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
A
were supplied in small lots
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Hepairiqg
Neatly doao at lOWOSt ceive orders and guarantee first-class
J	,	I work.
More Canadians for South Africa
A Big Boodle Sensation
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
Toronto March 31.—The Ontario leg's
Washington, March 28th.—A startling The Dominion Government has decided .	.	..	,	, til ,
flpeech by the Democratic leader in the	; to equip another military force for service	| ]*ture expired	by lapse oftime Saturday
House of Representatives yesterday con-	in South Africa. It is intended to	send	The provision	of the set 1 ?01, extending
tained charges that $.500,000 of the $5.	two regiments of 1.000 each,	all mounted	the I,fe of ll0^$e ,n c^e e5l,?!a	a5e
O00,000 purchase money for the Danish	infantry. Colonel Leaard,	at	present	"hculd be in session on the J of , H	,
West Indies was used as a corruption	commanding the Royal Canadian	Dra-	; was not taken	advantage o., as thehouse
fund to bribe members of Congress and	goons at Toronto will, it is stated,	have	h.*d concluded	its business two weeks pre-
two lead tog American press associations, command of ore regimen*, and Major viously. No intimation hai been given When the chargee had been heard the Turner, V. C., of Quebec, now command- as to the date of the elections. It is un-Houee unanimously decided to appoint a ing the Queen’s Own Canadian Hussars, hkely that much time will he lost in i mj-committee of five to investigate and re- wit! likely command the second thousand, ir.g the writs. Premier Ross wvl pro IK)rl.	Major Turner has already been to Africa ! bably deliver a speech at Newmarket on
Mr. Richardson, of Tennessee, leader	and has distinguished himself	by	obtain-	Fnday afternoon in connection Mth	the
of the Democrat minority in the House,	ing the highest boner in	the	Britith	North York Liberal convention,
rose to a question of privilege at y ester-	Army. Hs is mentioned it	the	depart
day afternoon’s session snd quoted from ment as one of the best men for the coma report made by Cipt. Walter Christmse, raand. The force will consist entirely of colonial troops In London for the coro a semi-official agent of the Danish govern- mounted infantry and will be mobilzsd nation. Practically every colony wiil be merit, in which Christmas said he spent with the utmost despatch.	I represented. Csnads will send 500.
For which I am now prepared to re
There is a a good deal of excitement among the conductors on the Canadian Pacific running out of Toronto owing to the presence of auditors upon the diversions. The trains in all directiona have been unexpectedly boarded by auditors, who, after demanding the conductors’ tickets and money, checked over the train. In only two c**e§ were discrepancies discovered, and both men were relieved of their punches.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future In ' crease in business.
DALE BROS
¦1
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR
It is stated that there will be 2,500
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.







1
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shav/ville,
Mo. m.
Have You
Bought Y our
1.0%
* Weehlf Journal dovoted to Local Interoit*.
PUBLISH CD CVCRY Tlf tTRHDÀ Y
AT SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTUC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$f.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearage* are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.

County Pontiac s Largest Ware-Rooms.
m
"l.BI
Notts the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid f promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
A. SMILEY, Prop.

New Carpet ?
J. A. Cowan, Hfl.
H. 8 Barnett, F.B
:o:
John Biray.rr, C.R.,
Before placing orders for Spring Œoods I wish to remind the general public that
ADVERTISING RATES t
Vigil advertising, eight cent* per line for first insertion and four cents per line for escb subsequent insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate
of * cents per line for ilrst Insertion and fi cents for Hubseqnent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which wilt be given on application, g ¦
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 ished free of charge. Obituary poetry th
cents per line.
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
s
WE HAVE THE N|0ST UP-TO-DATE FARM MACHINERY ON THE MARKET-------------------------
We have made every effort to satisfy you iu House Furnishings, and guarantee- to give you as large a variety of Choice and as good value in Price
AS ANY CITY STORE.
The spot for—
as a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
A Fas
idle IÎ A ! it Cut,
# #
# e
# e
# #
Good Shampoo, c a A Clean Shave.
OT Your Turn next.
Hemp Carpets,
Tapestry Carpets,
Spring Roller Blinds,
Two yards wide Linoleums,
Lace Curtains, from 25c. to $3.00 per pair.
Union Carpets, Brussels Carpets,
ree
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING.
Note.—Pole can be arranged for two, three or four horses, instantly without removing pole. Made in nine different sizes from 16 to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side hills and turning at end of furrow.
Ill kind* of Job Printing neitly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly Btteut'ed to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
shaw ville, - - qde. j Wall Paper
Publisher.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F.M.A. McNaughtoq, B. A%.,
A large, well-.selected and varied Block of Furniture always on hand, at prie to suit all classes.
Do not Buy Wall Paper until you have looked at our new stock.
Graduate of McGill University,?
Office—Residence of the lute Dr. H. H Knox, Shawvillc.
Office hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.

IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnl.shings, ranging from the I
casa1aSesrsx I Dry Colors. Paint ou
mmSSm- Open day and night.
Elephant Brand nf Mixed Paints is the Best.
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
•f
Turpentine, J apans,
F. T. M. C.
died wits of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College. Toronto. OmtXAMD Rasmsvcs : J. H Arm »trono’s Hov»s, MAIN STREET • • 8HAWVILL*.
I
Varnishes and Stains
Alabastine,
Whiting,
Any kind of Brush you may require.
Kalsomine.
District and Country.


Sir William McDonald has mide a gift of 120,000 to the library fu *d of McGill University.
Dr. J. M. Kel'y, inspector of schools in Brant county, has resigned after 30 years of service.
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
Seeds ! Carden and Field Seeds !
Oor Slock of Seeds is complete-ail Fresh and the Best Procnralle,
Timothy, Early Red Clover, Late Clover,
Alsike Clover ::
J
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thurs-, .lay and Friday of every week. Office at U. McC. Ritchie's residence.
Headquarters for
There are now over 52,000 Boer prisoners in the hards of the British, and still the war drags on.
Miss Mary E Jacksm, a Brock ville nurse, took poison in mistake for medicine, with fatal results.
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
MRBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L. L
• #
# #
I
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
G.F.HODGINS.
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
Mail carrier Morris, Bowmanville, was •entanctd to two years in the penitsn-tiary for robbing the mails.
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Hoorn 2d, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawvllte, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
?KBee-over G. F. Hodglna' Store, Main 8L
SrJÏÏa P. S.—Ilea’a and Boys’ Feit Hat,. Raincoats and
naction with the Hamilton hiepital. j TTlllTirOllM '
Abbot OVk, of Carman, Mar., lost 30 head of cattle in the recent blizzard.
The animals were found under a huge
drift.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
Salamon, the Stuartburn, Man., wife It to rumored that the C P.R.i, ne-1 murderer, ha, been Lund guilty, gotiarir.g for the old parliament buildings ground* at To*onto, fc.> be used for rail-
piz p»*et.
Teacher Waqted.
ADVOCATE, BAHRiere*. AC ,
or T*K PBOVINCS OF QUKDBC,
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
Nine train loads of settlers and effects arrived in Winnipeg Sunday. f*
Wanted for the primary department in the Sbowrllle Academy, female teacher ...	M holding tlie> nec*M*ry diploma for teach
A body Coating in the riser at bault tug in n Superior School. Apply to
the undersigned, stating what salary wanted, ami what experience in teaching. Duties to commence ldt April next.
H. LANG.
Sec.-Treasurer.
T* BU 48 SpLrks Street. Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
Attend» courts of Ottawa and Pontiac
J. F. GRONAU • •	• • LADYSMITH.
Several bridges in New Brunswick and	, .	...
a lor of lumber h«ve been swept swuv ly	»<lenUbad on Monday si
tlie tfuod,. On. eomau ,u drowned iu the Re,. J. V M. King, « former Epiey.-York County.	palian min ster. He was in charge of the
nnsicri i n i	.	... Cubden parish in 1887, and then went
ARTHUR McCUHttLL, b, V. L., It trao.*u;res that 'he co«l of tikiag i0 Billings Bridge, from there he went
ADVOCATE, 4tc„	'l e D 'minion emeu, Iwt )cwfotted up to Minneapolis, where he was deposed for
______	i	MAIN	STREET,	to $1,500,000, which is three times more	drunkuess and	hsd been teaching .ince.
LAW CHAMBERS	j-	HULL,	-	-	QUE.	than the same work cost under Cjnser-
-----	vative rule.	Up in Toronto the churches are net
At Shaw ville 3rd Thu mday each month.	allowed to place obstruction's in the
At request attends Courte in District of prince El ward County is going in far	Four years ago a great crusade
Runtime. Prompt eoUeotioM an.huât- extensive system of county roads cost- WM conducted sgainst the habit and as
"•£ ZSSSSr-	Spfd	ing $100.000, of which the U.verrment	,ome of the churches	have	back slidden
< orresp <	  will pay $12,000 under the (rood R vads	io that respect	since	then,	the commis"	.	|ripB- A|m Act.	-doners is after them hotfoot. Every
W W IR ELAN Us	Me,ara. C. R Hosmer and F. W. extension seat has been ordered to be
11. lie lllhknilHl Thompson hare purchased the business screwed up or removed and not a chair Clerk of the District Magistrates Court. 0f W. W. Oglire Milling Company,	allowed m the a;a ee.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, p^ce being between three and four
Mortgages, etc., executed legally aud satis- million dollars.
factorlly.
Fishing Nets
Shaw ville March. 17 1908.
I
«1 uct the cause of the working-man. He was a brother-in-law of the late Henry j McCormick, who was a master baker for I many years, and uncle of Mr. A. G. Me j Cormick.of this city, who takes naturally j to his calling as a dealer in the products l of the “ staff of life. '' Deceased had re-1 latives in the United States with whom r he could have spent hie old days comfort-1 ably, and with whom he did live for some years, but he was a loyal Irish Canadian j who preferred Canada for a home. He j was a veteran of the Fenian Raid episode, | and spoiled diis medal with pride, and stilt locked forward to participation in | Hâ,PdWâ,M MflMJlilltS. "	"
the “ land grant " with all the anxious I **'“ w B anticipations of a young man. His coming from the United States last year was in fact prompted by the d I the medal, and then came the desire to ' secure the land grant. "
• « • • cLud . • • •
Fishing Tackle
:o:
of all kinds.
While the employees of the Dominion Fish Company, Kingston, were cleaning
AIIP I Pembroke has been invaded by rate I a live pound p ke they discovered two • • VUfce|aDd no one seems to know the cause dozen little base about an inch long in its
therefor. One of them attacked Mrs John etomach. The fish must have run scrota Barrand and it was with difficulty she |a whole school cf the little fe lows and
gobbled nearly all of them. The fish men say that it is very seldom that they find inch an occurrence. The pike was caught in the waters of the Rideau. The men who supply bait to fishermen are not the only ones who thin ont the
McDOUŒÀLL & CÏÏZNER,
Sussex St. Ottawa.
SHAWVILLE
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
notary PUBL11. notary FOR THE I weeded in killing the rodent.
“EL1AN0L0E, $AONIA™08AVIN08	I M'. Chérit» Jo!ly, reeidmg on the
money to loan on kasy TERMS.	j moun' a.d brow near Hamilton, tired a
BRYSON - - QUB.	gun at# party of ypung men who were
8,1 àt.	. Jr >:l,
face.
ly indisposed. He awakened at four ; dependence, but will be Cuban inaguration o'clock and went to the bath room. A day, it having been decided that Preident moment later the nurse, attending Mrs. Palma shall be inaugurated on the same Allin, heard groans proceeding from the day that American control of the Island bath room, cloie'y followed by a heavy ceases, all. The door was forced, when Mr.
Allin was found lying on the floor dead.
S.HSteâ'O! Mt‘"H1"' ’¦ “LT—
J	n.	and he counted hie personal friends by style of trimming, showing a very decided
Mr. Vanteiet, acting chief engineer of	Pioneer Gone.	the legion. It will be remembered that tendency to fall low over the edges of the
the C.P., says it will probably be a foil-	. n T	...	some two or three years igo Mr. Malone brim at a'l times. This fashion is deci-
night or three weeks yet before a final ! .	,,?Cl6 j .t, w“° wss known iecure(i the contract for the extensive jedly a pretty one, especially in summer
plan is decided upon for the big shops at	7 khawville ina vanity, pasted away a	harbor improvements in the east	end of	hats, as laces and flowers can be os?d
Montres1. The largest building of all will	,h« 01d Man s Home, Ottawa, on »ed	the city from the government at Ottawa,	moet effectively in this manner. Many
be the machine and boiler shop, which	, ’	. ..	.	and, taking with him into par met whip 0f the larger hats show uneven brims, the
will probably be about a quarter of a With reference to his decease the Ut- the gen al member of Pontiac, the latter edges being bound with silk and wired mile in length. The general plan will be I *fWi <'t,Z0U says :	He was one of Me resigned hia position in the house of into drooping, and downward and sharply
after that of the Lake Shore and Michi- \	Bytowmans who had »een thv city grow	commons in order to devote his	who’e	upward curves, becoming to any face.—
from a small town and hi i t iken part for	time to the management of the	works.	Mr*, Raletin, in the April Ladies Home
y years in the activities incident to Mr. Malone had many friends in Mont- Journal building up of the city. He was a	who will learn with the deepest
baker by trade, having been for several regret of his euddtn demise. Mr. Malone __	years one of the lrusfed employes of the learei a wife and several children.
Jarvis, Oat., March 23—A serious late Alexander Scott who did business accident took place on the air line of the |Q baking and confectionery at the corner G. T. R. this morning about 7 o'clock, of Elgin and Sparks itreat, in the CO s resnltfbg iu the death of two engine and 70s. “ Scotia's corner, " was then drivers and one brakeman and a great the moet prominent point in Centre-town, loss td the company. Both trains were and the bakeiy was in the rear of the Wabash, and the cause of the accident is business premises, now the Trust Cham-silverware | attributed to the engineer of the train here, the atone building at present used
going east not following h?s orders to for mechanical purposes by the street stop at Jarvis. The names of the dead railway company. Mr. Best's working : Charleton and McGd1, drivers, and dSye were prior to formations of “union'
McDonald, brakeman, all of St. Thomas, organisations, but he was one of the men j; Tj fl lyyiLLE Q. I An in<lueii W|U be he,d tomorrow.	who always dignified by his life and con-
esire to secure
Contractor Dead
Cancer Cure.
J. J. TURNER,
HOTELS.
has been obtained in many cases by the use cf the rays, but hitherto no claim of a cure has been made.
St. Lawrence Hall,

., Q
Mrs C M. McLean,
New grain route from Georgian Bay to Montreal and Quebec, by way cf Ottawa, will probably bo developed by the bulling of the Irondale, Bancroft, Ottawa railway, connecting Toronto Lindsay, Renfrew and Ottawa. The railway will pass within a few miles of Orillia and it is propned to build a liuk connecting Orillia and Kinmount on the new line. This link will give an air lice connection between Georgian Bay and Renfrew, and it is said that the building of the railway will mean the development of a grain business which will rival in volume the business now done on the Canada Atlantic
Montreal Clergyman Dies Sud-1 Waihington, D C., March 25. -M»y from Depot Htrb r. The rail hsul from
denly.	I	20th, 1902, it the new date fixed for Midland to Montreal, by way of Kin-
• _1	I	turning over the Island of Cuba to its mount, Renfrew and Ottawa, would it is
* Montrai, March 24 —Rev. Philip H. 1 people. The change of date was made c’ft»med, be somewhat shorter than from Allin, pastor of Fairmouot avenue Me- j as not at the suggestion, then with the any other port on Georgian Bay to Mont-thodist church, died very suddenly short-1 full approval of the President e’ect Palma real.
ly after 4 o’clock this morning. The and his advisers, Senors Tamaya and	------—
late Mr. Alim preached hie usual aer-1 Quesads, who were with him at the V »r A monument to tie memory of Mat mons yesterday and was to all appear- Department today. This date should be tkias Baldwin, the father of the l « oino-mnesa in his usual hea th. Before retir-1 memorable one in Cuban history, for it ’ire building industry in America, will ing, however, he complained being slight-1 will not only be the acquisition of full in- be ereettd in Phi’s ieiphia.
/
Good AcAmmodatloo. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
Fieet-class Livkit Attached.
Â
which were closely Goldmark and are admitted to be the best on the continent.
i
1 gan Central shop* inspected by Mr.
man
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
sad
l JEWELLER
the
Cuban Affairs.
KEEPS
À SELECT STOCK Of
i
I

watches.
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY.
f.M
,V‘
V 4
i

Ac. Ac.

RiPArniKO—
aSpectautt.*
v';.>
are

45
###PAGE###6###
DECAY OP THE <BETIL
Z	« I THE BORON ATIOH	*pïâ “Z
Serve with plenty of good butter	—	may be fortunate enough to bpo sonu
and shaved maple sugar.	INTERESTING DESCRIPTION 0* member of the Royal Family having The liability of the ^rfth U decay
Raised Biscuit.—When baking bread	___ «ÛTAL STABLES.	a riding lesson. At the fur end or w\m in different pereene, but it
save out a generous lump of dough.	ltUL	the riding school is a window lead- #eidom that even the weakest t< - th
roll out thin, spread with but-	. Car- ing to one of the wings of the I ai- couid not be saved by clean 11 nose.
¦ part butter and King Edward’s Horses ana v ^ whkh has a peculiar interest at- The beginning of decay in a too ta part meat drippings). Cut out with Jages—Magnificent Seth	tached to it; for it was at this win- consists in the eating out of the Uwe
biscuit cutter. Knead slightly to	Harness.	dow that Queen Victoria was in the ln the enamel by lactfc acid. Ihia
form a round biscuit, prick with a	forthcoming coron- habit of sitting to watch her favorite aci(i in the result of fermentation oi
When light, hake in a quick In "('v	ft visit to the Royal horMi being exercised or some tho starchy food particles left be-
oven. Some like a little sugar ad- , a ion turoi	h|Un Palace, where, member of the Royal Family learn- tween the teeth or between the
¦¦¦as*!
¦ÉÉÉK
s5“z w." «%*r™srs,t.sarrt^.5 ———»-—-""
Whatever is left from the incidental brown bread, then cut n.	animals	which are almost as valu altcrB the proportions to which his
allowance is clear gain, and if re- strips.	able and famous as the “cream.. mjnd is accustomed, and still more
c. r^."ïïï ««»=•» r»R pud-nos. r ¦srw	rs ;r u „
gin to wear out, and have to be re- prnwn Rutter Sauce—One-half cup Highnesses go to Levees, 11 K trackers in more than one country ^acic acid
placed and the incidental list ns- butter rubbed into a smooth paste blooms, and	is that it is a positive disadvantage After the ufig nf nny dentifrice the
sûmes vaster proportions. The be- witb $ cup sugar and 1 tablespoon OTHER SOCIAL FUNCTIONS. I to be near the impression, and tor nif>utb should bo thoroughly rinsed ginner in housekeeping must always . cornstarch. Add gradually 1 pt.	, os win aiso take part in this reason an expert will often do ^ ordor to remove all solid particles
bear in mind the fact that the first j hot water with # teaspoon vanilla I A rnronation procession in June, his work better from a horse than fmm between tho teeth or beneath few years c! home-making are the j or thc juice of 1 lemon, and boil five «'J |h there are nearly a hun- oil foot.	.	the edge of the gums. The coarser
least expensive; not only is the tros- minutes. Add a little grated nut- Alt< ^	t horses kept at the Undoubtedly the tiny indications foQ(1 articles should be removed (in
seau still in good order, but the fain- mog when serving. -	„1C* , stables Tho majority of that an animal leaves behind him, prjvate) after each meal by means
ily is small—with increased numbers vinegar Saupe—One cup brown JW . nurse aie carriage horses, such for instance as stones, moved of ft quill or wooden tooth-pick, come increased expenses, not the ! sugar, i cup water, 1 tablespoon t nes ,	purposes by the a trifle so as to expose new (Jenta| flofW silk or a small rubber
least of which is the doctor's bill, butter, 1 tablespoon vinegar. a JJ?*®J t m,.mbvrs*of the Royal Fain- soil, aro much more easily seen a band and for this reason one should make pinch 0f salt and 1 tablespoon flour. amu< 1 f thcm however, are aid- few yards ahead than at your feet. Jn a(Ulitio effort towards largo savings at | Doat nn well together, pour boiling ny* ihc nnest breed, valued at On snow again, the freshly thrown- tcntion onc . „ the beginning. The habit of a watcr on them and let them come to	1	ineas each. The fain- out particles which the sun has not ingpecte(l every year or oftener by a
strict cash account promotes thrift, a good boil. Serve.	1 ’	„	“	nJ and "blacks ’ and | yet rounded off aro invisible under (lentist that the tartar may bo re-
fer one then sees how the conte I L(imon Sauce.-The yolks of 2 eggs oliS r , other horses, too are your nose; but look ahead a hundred moved and any possible decay decount up and a careful going over j j rup Rtlgar, 4 cup butter and 1 ta- man 1 Hoval Stud, Hampton yards, and there you will see with- tec(ed and treated.—YouUVs of each item will discover the non b,rspoon cornstarch. Rent the eggs " cu at	out difficulty the very different char- nlon
essentials.	and sugar till light, add the grated <-ouri. ift which the firsl- actcr of tho track made five nunutes
Next in importance in getting rind nf onc lemon. Stir the whole	‘	kvut is of course, one of ago and that made an hour before, .	GOT	THE	REST	OF	IT.
the art of wise buying- ! into three gills of boiling water	named	i	t[rnctlonii at the Royal although you may not be able to .
to get the best for your j eook until it thickens sufficiently for | V. ?xv^ ® ml one could spend an hour state exactly in what tho difference They were walking along tky# stieet
ordering from dly'to day and order- ” vJ.Mhig Snuce-Four tablespoons or two	^ havf tonbmt ^TheVoct is, I think, that tho dis- The 1 young woman’s skirts war.
looking ahead and buying staple ar- ,hem together to a cream. Add the ! °	Thev share a large, lofty more rapidly than the near ones, trimmed cape blew up abol\
tides in quantities and selecting ev- white 0( an egg beaten to n stiff	r,ince	of Wales’s which are presented only us a faintly ,:ars and knocked her hat rakisny
,.,,	zi "I	I	^ «.
Nor is there any doubt | for instance, canned corn or tonmt- ^ust uiaVor with lemon or vanilla. M?1 u .	: ht «• blacks** al- a fallow are much more conspicuous 0f feminine attire was not a P
that those who took a pessimistic oes by the dozen are from two cents White Sauce for Pudding.-The |	()®|v ei|,ht of the former and I a dozen yards in front of you than | for pedestrian exercise on wmay
«• " >-¦": sc ssiîevtlrrP"» zs.1 sl*sk.*«1U . «. ¦*.«• - — - « -——	%........~ ¦««
Rousseau Cabinet would haie been bngs ftre two cents a pound cheaper, % tablespoons wine and just as It	at the Royal stables	+	clutched wildly ^	a
Justified by the event had the Frem- sugar by the one hundred weight is gocs to the table add 2-3 cup sweet J' 'ynamc which is neatly painted	SMOKE MADE USEFUL.	steadily by her side, smiling in
F®i| BHljÇllf Hii
ahfcwSmits on the down,'and cot- ' c^utr^wherè^ife^r^üiafr^ as betu%«lack PHnce Don Juan g'%,bon'"^ws°''’rhJ%suTis	'an«ï "mreT" sw^tl.y'and
i--asr=rr-= EH 5£S i=v € i EHHE-CHiH j H.	! ISSIS'EI
observers, seemed at first impossible. do/en and cb)tb by the piece, this ! military authorities concerning the height, while tho n an	• b , used for heating purposes and for rain, and lightly skimmed the surFor a length of time quite ex cep- jast cf course means cotton, crash, marching and physical training o from	* xirta ' driving gas engines. The filtering, face 0f the water. The young man
h*- hfls held together a Cabi- flannelette or other staple goods troops. The 'physiology of march- yippEEN TO SIXTEEN HANDS. matCrial itself also becomes a good pursued and finally captured it. an tmnal he has held to etner . that is constantly being used in the ing” has recently been the subject of n .g a fact not generally known, combustible.	when he rejoined his companion she
net formed oi niatena ‘ ‘ family, all of * which is from forty , careful investigation, and the ic- tho byg that when the “creams	_ i .   only remarked:
ed to durability. He has solved the cents upward cheaper.	suits obtained arc taken advantage!^ obout twenty years of age,	"Of course, it’s the fault of your
insoluble by putting an end to the Manv buv their note-paper and en- j of for the benefit of the Lerman ^d get too old to take part in the WINDFALL FOR A WORKMAN. hatters; but it is totally unsuitca
wmm mmBmwmmmmm wmm
ing orders from France. No man thus takes nilvantnge of the bar- cd chnn in thc coal trade have the famous state carriage, although, ai before submitting it to the teach- with supc	wns ascertained
- I	IHI	s EHtSISHj
ply of coal. No immediate danger nato enough to see the latter when it; “ When the man found that he clay,	K c<$nt water. The
stocking. It is by these and similar	httUgtion is feared, but among jt has passed along the streets of had called at the wrong door he po- Ab°ut	v examined it agreed
methods one acquires good manage- . fluUefl of the ncw commission is London on various occasions have litely explained himself away. A cn mux.	in* had come across
ment, just as essential in thc family jm uir0 lnto the possible substi- no doubt been much impressed by man can explain a thing away, my t iat r	an from the Resort
of comfortable income as in the fam- luti()Il of othcr fuel, or the employ- the magnificence of King Edward’s dear, but not himself."	™0 “	. nnd so t^c mystery we*
ily of small means.	mcnt of kind8 Gf power not depend- state carriage. It needs a closer in- "I don’t see why, contended °*	’
ing upon the use of coal. spection, however, to thoroughly ap- Johnny. “A man can bow himself expiaine .
predate its size and beauty. Alto- out can’t ho?
DOMESTIC RECIPES.	--+  I gether. the state carriage weighs “Certainly.”
liter
mold, put In the oven for five min- lpliw no amAteU7e
How It May
Some Hints as to
Be Prevented.
no TES AND COMMENTS
1 FOR T.Ï,E HOME $
The election of ft now Deputies, for which active preparations now making in France will I # take place under conditions very dif- 1 feront from those under which the • last general appeal to tho ballot- *
Recipes for the Kitchen. • hygiene and Other Notes ^ for the Housekeeper.
&
tor
or
#
fork
box VÜ made four years ago
| i Republican regime in
and the only question to be whether M. Waiderk-
(iOOD MANAGEMENT.
longer is the
danger
determined is
or
and tho policy which he to retain ascendancy.
existence of
Rousseau
personifies are
pour years ago the very
the French Republic seemed threatened by the violent contest between who demanded and those who
of the judgment
those
opv d a revisionHH rendered by the first court martial
Under the spo-
of
In the Dreyfus case
clous name of who sought to Justify the shameful
treatment of which the Jewish offl-
should bo brushed at
1 hose
Nationalists
ictim had managed to
cor wns a v
fraction of their that the honor of the concerned in upholding the
military court.
convince a large countrymen
army was
conclusions of the and that to impeach the wisdom and of that tribunal was to im-
Whether
gan
Justice
pair the safety of Franco this fraction was large enough to control the next Chamber of Pepu-
the question decided at the
Insist upon punctilious setting side of the amount to bo saved, make the living expenses i— ough to enable you to set aside a
definite sum for — in this way, drawing upon the sav-
tics was
election held in the spring of 1898. It turned out that the Nationalists, although formidable in Paris and in a great many Departments, were unto return more
ad
it from the tooth.
Many dentifrices contain both a ti cleanser, such as mag-chalk, and a chemical purl-
thymol ¦¦
mechanical
nevertheless,
able
than a minority of the Chamber, and post of Premier ultimately fell
head
or
soap,
the
to M. W a I dec k-R o usseciu, the
coalition between the most ad-
and all of the
of a
lv'puMivahS^^^J Socialists, except a small,
uncom-
promising group
Nobody expected long life for the combination, its elements being essentially incongruous; from the viewpoint. of political economy French advanced Republican of the old-fashioned Jacobin type is an into whom the
, to this personal at-should hn\o the mouth
the
an
Corn-
tense ’indivinualist,
principles of Socialism seem enable and obnoxious
unreas-
Tli&t a Cab-
of such discordant
inct made up components would have a tenure of office even briefer than the average term allotted to Ministries under the
ahead is learning
Third Republic was taken for grant-
nnd its well-
man s
ed by its enemies, wishers themselves doubted its ability to handle the bristling problem
of Revision
su-
Tonquin
dlood-rkd rain
and
free institutions shown army.
the
to say
directions without making enemies. | sudden changes in weather and over-
IVhither these OUtttUmb fell friends
is soon to be answered at the polls.
It is certain that M. Waldeck-Rous-
seau is now regarded witlwnuch less
bitterness by the army and its pnr-
at the time when
\
THE OUTLOOK FOR TRADE.
The commercial significance of
tisane than he was a second court-nmrt ial in the Drey-
oi red
It is equally
Mock
fus case was evident that much less popular indignation has been aroused by the expulsion of the Jesuits than in
had been looked for whole the prospect is that the French voters will once more attest their liking for a strong "man electing presently a Chamber of Unfavorable to thc
some
On
quarters
the
bv
egg
put les even more Premier than is that which is now in
what does your ma
its last days
wants an egg’s " and she careful-white egg on the
sir. mn
A sailor, in describing his first ef-hecome nautical, said that
Just at the close of a dark night he was sent aloft to see if he could discern a light. Ah he was no favorite with the lieutenant he was not hailed for some hours. Aloft there! at length was heard from the lieutenant “Aye, aye, sir.” "Do you see a light?" "Yes. sir.” light?'' “Daylight, by Jingo.
forts to
n little mo-?tone Jug,
What







###PAGE###7###
)»*
/
<Jà
/ô (/u/n ( /car
Sdnught So*p
A TRAINED MONKEY.
One of the astronomers, Mr. J. J. Atkinson, who visited Sumatra to observe the total solar eclipse last year made the acquaintance of an old Malay, living on a little island near the Sumatran coast, who owned a large monkey, which he had trained to work for him in gathering cocoa nuts. The monkey’s business was to climb the gigantic cocoanut palms and tfvrow down the nuts, “which ho did/ says Mr. Atkinson, “in the most artistic manner, by screwing the nuts off with his powerful arms, while ho hung by his legs 70 feet to 100 feet from the ground.’
BLOOD TROUBLES,
mus
C6
071/
MANIFEST THEMSELVES IN MANY DISAGREEABLE
WAYS.
REDUCES EXPENSE
Ê6.00Û wlUbe»*iahy UTTOL WWTHH» LIMTID, Toreeto, w v, www to	B whe ^ pret, thst tkU »»p omuls* y
RlWIld *ny tern of sdolttreUon, or on; injnrios* ohoaloels. /
One ounce of Sunlight Soap Is worth more than two ounces of Impure soap.
i/lO 'j^Obcé*
/Cd- Plut

Such as Scrofula, Eczema, Boils, and Pimples—The Blood Should Purified During the Spring
Months.ll|BHHflH|^^H

Be
5
y
The .Spring season i* the time for blood cleansing and blood renewing. Blood troubles are mump—and dangerous—and manifest themselves in a score of painful and offensive ways, eucb ns scrofula, < tma. bolls and
Into III© blood pursue their poisonous way all over the body and are responsible for a largo proportion of nil diseases, various in their nature but. dangerous in the extreme. To have pure blood and plenty of it, you need a tonic and blood builder, and for this purpose there is nothing can equal Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Vale People. These pills cure all diseases due to impurities in the blood by promptly cleansing and freeing the blood from all poisonous and offensive matter. If your blood is thin or insufficient; if you suffer from exhaustion at the least exertion; if you are pale, easily get out of breath, and foot constantly languid and fagged out, I)r. Williams' pink Pills will euro you by filling your vcinu with new, rich, red Dlood. Mr. Itobt. I ah', New Westminster, B. C., says:—“Before I begun using Dr. Williams' Pink Pills my blood was in a very impure state, and as a result, pimples, which were very itchy, broke out all over my body. My appetite was fickle and I was easily tired.	1 tried several medicines,
but they did not help mo. Then my wife urged me to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I got a half dozen boxes nml by the time I had used them I completely restored to health,
PEARLS OF TRUTH
which always declined to fight. The mobile column is responsible for the watering down of the army’s effectiveness by the distribution of the men specially trained and specially adapted for the veldt fighting among a host of men who are not equipped for the work. The magnificent army of Irregulars and the thoroughly efficient mounted Infantry corps of the regular army are frittered away among the Infantry.
“COMMANDING" HINDRANCES.
Tho best corps are selected to strengthen the weaker columns, * the result being that their capacity for work is t< a great extent nullified. This is art advantage for the various generals and commanders of columns, but it is wasteful of. the fighting resources of Croat and Greater Britain and unfair to the mounted As a matter greater part of tho actual work of capture is done in the face of ''commanding’' hindrances by tho irregular and regular mounted men and their officers. When tho official report comes in it is stated that Col. So-and-so or Gen. So-and-so killed — Boers, wounded —, and captured —. What really happens is that the Scottish Horse, tho Canadian Scouts or the Imperial Light Horse, or Kitchener's Cape Mounted 2nd. ffrd, 2,r>th Moulted Infantry, or
other
done the work
umn	WpHB
Boors, who are out in ones or twos all over tho country. These report to their commandant ample time to decide whether to elude the column altogether or whether, if ho sees a chance, to concentrate an d lllllllllll	WÊÊÊÊM
osons the record of many a mobile column is one long uneventful tale of nothing, finished by sudden disaster. So far destructive criticism.
Each man his own fortune in his own hands.—Goethe.
It is wonderful how near conceit is
to insanity—J err old.
National enthusiasm is the great nursery of genius.—Tucker man.
lie that may hinder mischief, yet permits it, is an accc sory.—E. A. Freeman.
Fixed to no spot is happiness; ’tls nowhere to be found, or everywhere. —Pope.
Ho that thinks ho can afford to bo negligent is not far from being poor. —Johnson.
Fretfulness of temper will generally characterize those who are negligent of order.—Blair.
Tho first duty of life is to bo calm; for the calm mind seeks tho truth as tho river seeks tho sea.—Lawrence.
If you resolve to do right you will soon do wisely; but resolve only to do wisely and you will never do right.—Ruskin.
Tlyei c is no policy like politeness; and a good manner is tho best thing in tho world to get a good name or to supply the want of it.—Bulwer.
and it’s the kind of paint you should have on your bouse. It stands up against tho weather, fights off rain and storm and hot sun, keeps your house looking bright, clean and handsome among your neighbors. Going to paint this spring? Buy
Tho impurities that got
Ceylon Tea Is the finest Tea the world produces, and Is sole? only in lead packets.
Black, Mixed and Green.
apan tea df inkers try "Salads* ' Green tea.

RAMSAY’S PAINT
*
the oldest and best in Canada Pure colors.
pure oil, finely ground and mixed, ready for use, no
pi operiy
loss, no waste, Sold at just the right
Send for our
!


price by all dealers booklet showing beautiful homes Ask for booklet "K” free.
troops and their leaders, of fact, by far tho
t
I
TIIE SADDEST YET.
Of all mad words of tongue or pen, The saddest of these me ten."
Eetib. IS41
A. RAMSAY & SON,
<8?

Paint Makers
“Just loan
MONTREAL,
IP YOU WANT GOOD PRICES POP YOUR
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
ae mercury will purely destroy tho senne of smell and completely derange the whole eyetem when entering It through the mucous surfaces. Buch article* y Mould never be used except on prescription* from reputable physicians, as the damage they will do Is ten fold to the good you can possibly derive from them. Ha I s Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F.J. Cheney Sc Co.. Toledo, 0„ contains no mercury, and Is taken Internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In buying Hall’s Catarrh Cure be sure you get tho genu Ine. It is Liken internally,and made in Toledo Ohio, by F. J. Cheney k Co. Testimonials
Sold by Druggists, price 75o per bottle.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
Y-Z (wiso head) has an advantage over other soap powders inasmuch as it also nets as a disinfectant.
Butter, Eggs, Poultry, Apples .L, Produce
CONSIGN THKM TO THE
DAWSON COMMISSION CO., Limited, TORONTO
Correspondence Solicited
Fighting Scouts, the Rifles, or the 1st,
An oak-tree throe years old averages 2 feet, lOiin. in heignt; on elm will grow in 3 years 8 foot 3 inches.
mounted corps have actually
When a mobile col-marches it is watched by tho
Cents’Suits Cleaned
yed ; also Ladies' Wear of all kinds,
House Housings of every description.
GOLD MEDALIST DYl.RS.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYHINCI CO'Y,
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa k Quebec.
In England and Wales the railway companies own on an average 12* acres of land to every mile of completed railway.
Per Over Slaty Years
Ma# WrwiLOWS Soothing Sraur has beam used by millions of mothers for their children while teething. It soothes the chUd, softens the gums, allays pain, pures wind oolio. regulates the etomech and howels, and is the beet remedy for Diarrhea. Tweaty-Bve coats a botUe. Bold hp druggists throughout the world. Be sure end ash for" Mas. Wimslow a Soothing Svaur."
The population of Britain uses 5 matches a day a head for every man woman and child in the country.
was
and my skin was smooth and clear. I shall always speak a good word for those pills when opportunity offers.”
It is because these pills make rich, red blood that they cure such troubles as anaemia, shortness of breath, headache, palpitation of tho heart, Rheumatism, erysipelas, St. Vitus' dance, and the functional ailments Shat make the lives of so many wo-sourcc of constant misery.
or D
and
Who has
TO PRINTERS
attack it. For these
The Publisher of tho Best Farmer's pa|>er in tho Maritime Provinces in writing to us states:	FOR BALE.—Twd 2-r a volution CampbdÇ
I woual sav that I do not know of presses, bed 40x66 Inches, v plenoV a medicine that has stood the test of order. Price $1,000 each. Term.easy.
time like
has been an unfailing remedy in ou household ever since I can remember, and has outlived dozens of would be competitors and Imitations.
Within tho past century tho sen has stolen from England land equal in area to tho county of London.
Minard's Liniment Cures Diphtheria
men a
Tho genuine pills always bear tho
full name for Vnle People," on the wrapper on
every !><>x
sent by mail at f>0 cents a box, or six boxes for $2.AO, by addressing the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
Umini's Liniment Cuks Distemper

Dr. Williams' Pink Tills
BETTER INFORMED
Tom—“How did you manage to break the ice with Miss Chilton?" Jack—"It wasn’t necessary. I accidentally found her in a melting mood."
The Lion Bridge, near Sandang, in China, is the longest in the world, being A} miles from end to end. The roadway is 70 feet above water.
“Now I rather pride myself on ray ability to read character," said the who was given to buying detec-uud yet why should I?
Sold by all dealers, or
COLD SORES
man
tales,	„¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
It is really a very simple thing—requires nothing but close observation. For irtstunce, it is very, easy to tell n man's occupation. His facial expression, his actions, even his dress are stamped by his daily work. You see that man sitting opposite Well, I am just as sure as though he had told mo that ho is a barber."
“You are mistaken," replied his That man is a butcher."
"Impossible," exclaimed tho amateur detective butcher with slini, white hands like his."
“Perhaps not," admitted the oth-“but he is a butcher just the
oft and clear.
Largo Boxes 2So. Oileadlne Co., Toronto
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
Stop* the Ceegli mm* werh* off Ibe CoId.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlno Tablets cure a cold In one day. Mo Cure. No Faj. Price 20 cents.
The English acre is 4.R40 square yards; the Irish, 7,840 square yards; and the Cornish, 5,700 square yards.
Druggists or
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
COCOA
HOW THE SYSTEM WORKS
1901 saw the first passenger steamer fitted with steam turbines is tho “King Edward," a 20-knot vessel plying on the Clyde.
This
Dominion Line Steamships
ltoeton to Iifrr
SERIOUS OBJECTIONS TO THE MOBILE COLUMNS.
pool *r ^Portland* to Li v c rpooL Vis Queens
US?
TO CURE A COLD IY OSE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets Ai druggists refund iho money if It falls to cute. E. w. Grove's signature la on each box. 23o
of tho Company, or
D. Torrance k Go •
Montreal and Pvrt,*kd,
London Times’ Correspondent
Criticises Systems Employed in South Africa.
foi
MlnanTs Liniment lures Colds, etc
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
friend
The Federal Life
Holland now stands fifth in the world’s list of leading trading countries. Spain is tenth, with just under 3 per cent, of tho total.
“You never saw a
Rickards, Kills à Co,
77 dials 8l Bottom.
Tho specific criticisms made on the ¦ of mobile columns and
a special corres-
BOYS BRIGADE
systems
blockhouses, says pondent of the London Times, are : A British mobile column requires transport, and transport requires infantry to guard it. This at once reduces the mobility of a mobile column to Only when daring commander, who will utilize hia mounted men transport, is of Boers. Further, a mobile column has guns. When a party of the enemy is located by the advance scouts a halt is made. Tho general comes up and surveys tho situation. lie orders up the guns. A battle array is formed against possibly thirty Boers, a bombardment of tho boundless veldt ensues, the Boers vanish, and the column resumes its march. When a mobile column is following a body of the enemy the scouts may sec from the spoor that the Boers have left the road. A Boer lnando leaving a road leaves in ones and twos. Information is sent back
and he asks how
Bugle Band
Instruments, Bugles. Files, Drums, Caps. etc.
every town or school
Can have a File and Drum or Bugle Bend.
rAMJTHuSot tftess
or MUSICAL INSTRl MEN 1S.
WHALEY, ROYCE 6 CO., Limited
Winnipeg, Man
fSaber's Uap« given lllch,
Assurance Co. of Canada.
or,
mm unnem cuits Gorsei in corns
same."
“How do you know he is?"
“How do I know? Why the scoundrel shaved me once."
last year, leading to the belief that a like advantage may be maintained
throughout tho year.
DAVID DEXTER, Managing Director WM. KERNS, Vice-President.
The twentieth annual meeting of the shareholders of this company was held at the head office in Hamilton, Tuesday, tho 4th inst. Llcut.-Col. Kerns, vice president, was appointed chairman and David Dexter secretary.
think that con-
dones—“Do you stantly wearing a hat lias a tendency to make a man bald?" Jacobs— “No; but when a man is bald I’ve noticed that it has a tendency to make him constantly wear a liât."
tho mobility of infantry, there is an energetic,
CAREFUL MOTHERS
the
away from there much capturing
Should Always be Prepared to Promptly Treat the Minor Ailments of Their Little Ones
AUDITORS’ REPORT
Toronto. Cinads _ 3PELTZ-
w WhSU&
To the President and Directors of the Federal Life Assurance Company:
We havo made a careful audit of the books of your company for the year ending December 31, 1901, and have certified to their
correctness, been inspected and compared with the ledger accounts and found to agree therewith.
The financial position of your
December 31, is in-
w r c 1121
REPORT OF DIRECTORS.
The directors presented their annual report, as follows:
Your directors have the honor to present tho report and financial statement of tho company for tho year which closed on December 31, 1901, duly vouched for by the auditors.
‘ The new business of the year consisted of 1,793 applications for insurance aggregating $2,479,500. of which 1,704 applications, for $2,, 885,768.50, were accepted; applica-Uttic | tions for $93,781.50 were rejected or hold for further information.
As in previous years, the income of the company shows a gratifying increase, and the assets of the company have been increased by $178,581.66, and have now reached $1,449,925 58, exclusive of guarantee capital.
The security for policy-holders, including guarantee capital, amounted . - at the close of the year to $2,819,1 1 925.58. and the liabilities for reserves and all out-standing claims, $1,290,840.94, showing a surplus of $1,029,075.64. Exclusive of uncalled guarantee capital, the surplus to policy holders was $159,075.64.
Policies on 50 lives became claims through death, to tho amount of $126,745, of which $5,000 was reinsured in other companies, a rate of mortality considerably under that provided for.
Including cash dividends vtnd dividends applied to the reduction of premiums, * $30,638.70, with annuities, the total payments to policyholders amounted to $182,925.67.
Careful attention has been given to tho investment of tho company’s funds in first-class bonds, mortgage securities, and loans on the company’s policies amply secured by rc-Our investments have yielded results better than the average results of insurance companies* doing business in Canada.
Expenses have been confined to a reasonable limit, consistent with due efforts for new business.
The field officers and agents of the The I company are intelligent and loyal, and are entitled to much credit for their able representation of the company’s interests
the office staff have also proved faithful in the cr.npany’s service.
The assurances carried by the company now arnoNg .1 to $13,058,777.61 upon which thf company holds reserves to the tM amount required by law, and, in addition thereto, a considerable surplus, as above shown.
The work of the current year, now well under way, has produced results even better than for tfc# eiune R#rl@$
No mother can hope that her children will escape all the minor ailments that afflict.little ones, and she should 1)0 prepared to treat these ills instantly when tho emergency At the same time mothers
' 01
&
Gentlemen
hi*
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE.
UUs
r FARM ^
SEEDS
ton
o
A
o
The securities have
arises	¦
cannot be too careful what they give their Httte ones in tho way of medicine, Doctors have long protested
against the use “«nothing" preparations and they still used Wild with alarming frequency by mothers. . These preparations invariably contain opiates which drug and stupefy the
into temporary quiet or sleep. For all the minor ills of little ones there is no medicine acts so speedily as Baby’s
sold under a guarantee to con-opiate or other harmful
now
1,000,000 Customers
yams
èssm
L.UCI
Preserves the teeth, iweetene the breath. Strengthens the gums
of the so-called
company, as on dic&ted by tho accompanying statement. •
Respectfully submitted.
H. S. STEPHENS,
J. J. MASON,
com-
1 'AUTOSPHAY "
arc
6ALE8MEN
WANTED
aft
wood « Photo. Encrwing^
a*-j. l jones r.NG.C?5^
-10» BAY STREET —ÏORONIO
FOR
to tho general, many have left and how many have followed along the road. This is a difficult question to answer. 3. ing that there is some doubt for a time he goes on. The scouts report that all tho Boers have left the road and gone to the west. By this time it is four o’clock. The columns must get to its camping ground, there is water. Tho general decides to leave tho Boers and goes on. BOERS RIDE LEISURELY AWAY.
«Ample
Ont.
•dlanjumps.
one
Auditors
Find-
Ham il ton, March 1, 1902
sans
Jar r»t*i
~ aljne, Fend st onm*.
%
stir, with tic for above
Own Tablets, and they
FINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR 1901.
...$	439.504 05
57,554 64 7,715 00
are
Premium income
Interest.......
Capital stock...
tain no
drug. Thousands of mothers
other medicine for their little and all who have tested it
••• •••
ADVICE TO MEN
* e*
use no
where
ones
speak of its prompt and safe action in the warmest terms. Mrs. Ueo. B Kilgore, Well wood, Ont., says : “ have used Baby’s Own Tablets in my house for some time and I can sincerely say that they are the best medicine I have ever used for my little ones. They act promptly and tho results are always beneficial. 1 think mothers should keep these Tablets constantly in the house."
Baby’s Own Tablets are a positive for such troubles as colic, sour indigestion, constipation,
$	504,77% 69
Paid to policy-holders for death claims, endowments, surrender values and pro-
Ncxt day he halts at the camping
sends back two squad-
Who are Old While Young, Whose Vitality is Wasted, Whose Nerves are Shattered, Who Find Life Burdensome,
rons to locate the enemy. These go back to the epoor and follow it for
and again locate the commando fai to tho west and come buck to ropoTt. Tho general decides
he has to lie at the town ahead by a fixed date ho will march ¦¦ along thT road and leave these Boots alone The main object of a mobile coin,’fill is to get from ¦ place to ar/i.ther in regulation time. With most MMnmanders, especially of g< ncral’s rank, subordinate officers must on 11 a account attack without orders. T!4 column must move with a regulated width of front. Woe betide the squadron leader who lets his flankers go too far afield. If he finds the enemy he must not gallop tho position and capture him. Ho must retire or halt and report to the general. The Boer in the meantime, after firing a few sniping shots, rides leisurely away smoking his pipe in peace. In this way columns have trekked and trekked through a district and back again a hundred times, with the Boers amused and practically unharmed spectators. The mobile column is expected to bring fame to its leader. This
until recently was only looked for m
commandos
$	182,925 07
3 58,310 16 163.537 86
fits
All other payments 13 al a nee (¦¦¦¦¦
some hours
•«• •*• •••
f
$	504.773 69
Assets, December 31. 1901 Debentures and bonds $
Mortgages.............
Loans secured by policy reserves..........
Cash ill bank and other assets... _	...
that ns
321,172 84 619,691 66
I can cure you with Electricity,
I have cured thousands of others.
I can make the blood circulate in your veins, the nerves tingle with Ü: life sad Ihe spirit of
as
\
on
euro
stomach
simple fevers, diarrhoea and worms. They break up colds, prevent croup, and allay tho irritation accompanying the cutting of teeth. Sold by druggists at 25 cents a box, or rent post paid on receipt of price by addressing the Dr. Williams] Medicine Co., Brock ville. Ont.
235.530 59
one
273.530 50
1
$ 1,449,925 58 8 1,255,056 31
20,400 00
15,393 68
i
vigorous energy show Itself in every
of yobr body. My
t
Liabilities:
Reserve fund......
Death losses awaiting
proofs...............-
Other liabilities.....
Surplus on policyholders account _
move
Dr. McLaughlin’s Electric Belt
Is a Model, a Modern Mom* Treatment
SILVER PRODUCTION
The silver output of tho world for tho year 1900 was the largest recorded in history, amounting to 178,769,769 fine oiinces, and exceed-thttt of 1899, by 1,572,513
co in-8177,-
159,075 64
serves
$ 1,449,925 58 $	870,000 00
Guarantee capital
Pay When Cured.
«mmss. «sue waxsttF/eW'"* "" “
mg
world’s
Tho
ounces
I 2,319,925 58 $ 2,385,768 50
Total security Policies were issued
assuring ........
Total assurance in
rorctflllHIHHMiH^^^HH
On motion of Lieut.-Col. Kerns, seconded by Mr. Macpherson, the report was adopted.
The medical director presented a statistical report, showing a favorable mortality experience.
The retiring directors elected, and at a subsequent meeting David Dexter was elected president and managing director	| ¦
Kerns and Mr. Macpherson vlce-prw-
tidynUK
011,902, an increase over the preceding year of $10,664,980 world coined less gold in 1900 than In 1899, tho figures for 1900 being $354,936,497, and those for 1899, $466.110,614.
foe
was
age
must cure.
$13,058,777 61
The members of
pitched battle with
and
AGE METAL GATES
-a ML» rursss

were re-
Ul
DR. M. D. MsUUamiN. ISO Ysuge strut, Tarants.
Lieut.-Col
the* lei
Nails
»

’
###PAGE###8###
à
4 «*.


pH
E. HODGINS & SON’S ADVT.
Gentlemen :
Bo you find it difficult to get a Boot that will keep your feet dry ? If so try us for your supply. We are prepared to
give you an
Oil Dressed Boot for Oil Dressed Heavy soled Boot for 1.25 Oil Crain, Whole Stock Boot for 1.50
Ladies,
Try our leather
Our School Boots
For Boys and Girls are the best on the market.
||AS ARRIVED I
Our larp Sprin stack is to
Ho Crumbling.
o-fr* SPRING 1902*o*o
Boots
SI.OO.

*
Hats
s
i
Shirts
i
Glove Grain Working Boot, solid
$1.00

Ho picking.
Boots :
• S
• #
# #
I
We have the best and cheapest lines of Men’s and Women’s Feet ware ever shown in Shawville
ALF. R. McGUIRE,

The Tailor.
Our ladies’ laced dongola for 81.00 18 a marvel of
beauty and cheapness. Our ladies’ dongola, both laced and buttoned, at $2.25 are equal to any 12.50 boots in the market to-day. We have a jim dandy line of men’s and boys’ medium (coarse fine) at $1.00 and 00 cents, which are wonderful goons for the
THE SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,
M. STEWART.__________
The Barondale Veterinary Medicines.
Tenders For tyilk Drawing.
I
money.
s
• :
*•
Hats :
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN


mèmm
route* :
NLtirœ/r4'KX”siÈ
IPSBS
¦SSÊwffifisiws
ssebsft^1;
*The plan of each route, and number of cans expected, can be had from the Set re tan’. Tenders to be received up to Fridav April 4th, 1902, and to specify by
100 poun.f, only. ^ A H0DGINS>
Secretary L. C. & 13. < o.

^\\v
f
AND-
Young men want new goods, and in buying
your Spring Hats from us you can be satisfied that they are new 1902 styles and make. Beautiful lines of fur goods at $1,00, $1.25 and $1.50.
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION l)YS.
After Using
Before Using
Time Card.
is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
mmm
No
Now
O. N. k W. RAILWAY.
Train No. 1 leaves Ottawa, OnL, 4.4f». P.M.
44	44 arrivesGracefleld, Q. h.20, P.M.
Train No. 2 leaves Gracefield, Q., 0.20, A.M 41	44 arrives Ottawa, Ont., 0.45, A.M
Shirts :
Testimonial.
We have the best stock of Fancy Shirts in
town. The nicest and newest things in starched fronts and zephrys. Beautiful shirts at 50c., better for 75c., and our best for $1.00. All sizes from 14 to
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
Train No. 1 leaves Ottawa, Ont., .'1.30 p.ro.
“	“ arrives Waltham. Q.. K45 p.m.
Train No. 2 leaves Waltham, Q., 7.00 ti.m. "	“ arrives Ottawa, Out., 11.55 a.m
The above trains are daily except Sunday.
For tickets or other information apply to 31 Central Chambers, Ottawa Agency & Messenger Co., 85 Sparks St., or C.A.R. Ticket Oflice, Central Station,
horses— __	.
ign of a defective wind.
For sale at—
CMeara Bros, Bryson;
T. AD. Rousseau’s, Campbells Bay ;
J. E. Cahill s, Calumet Island ;
tq.

J. F. Cronsu s, Ladysmith.
Wm. Moore s, Otter Lake ;
o
Silas Young s, Starks Corners.
W. H. Lucas', Caldwell.
Drug Store, Shswville ;
E. HODGINS & SON.
P. W.RESSEMAN,
Cen. Pass- Agent
A flour trust with a [capital of $400000,000, and an annual output expected to reach 100,000,000 barrels has been practically formed at Chicago under the name of the National Millers’ Federation. There are now in operation in the United States, oil trusts, steel trusts, paper trusts steamer trusts, railway trusts, salt trusts and beer trusts, and the number, increases the country seems tc There is something the matter with the logic or the basis of the argument of those who spend their time denouncing the big business organizations. The lightning of their oratory does not smite. —Montreal Gazette.
Quebec House Prorogued.
The second session of the ten^i Parliament of this Province was prorogued Wednesday last, with the usual cere-after a session of 31 days.
HONG KEE,
on
Green Lake
Cheese Factory.
monies,
School Reports for March.
CHINESE LAU|IDF|Y,
Moreover, oing very well.
Cil
Selling Out I
Cure ED on No. 10— Class'IV,—E Ralph 1, Rainaldo Armstrong 2, Jewell Hor-, Cynthia Chamberlain (equal) 3, Jennie Chamberlain 4. Claes III.— Noble Horner 1. Gariield Ralph 2. El win Armstrong 3, Eva Howard 4. Tommy Wend 5. Class II.-Marshall Ho waul 1, Ralley Horner 2, Dottie Ralph 3, Johnnie Howard 4, Roy
Richardson 5. Class 1.—b rank Ann-
Gordon
different routes and for Secretary.
Size of factory 58J x 22 x 13.
The lowest or any tenders not necessarily
°CCePBy Order, T. E. ARMSTRONG. Shaw ville, March 19,
Next door to Miss A. McRru ^
Main Street, - Shawville-
ner
Laundry work of all kinds done in first Class style,
NOTICE.
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Go !
We Mean Business I
There is a poet in the neighborhood of Dungarvon river. Miramichi. Here are n few stanzas, which are good enough to piake you wish for more
We're A peaceful lot of people,
And we only kill the moose.
And hunt the roving caribou,
Or sometimes 44 shootem goose,
But now the fur is rising up Along Dungarvon s back,
For our country's flag is drooping.
And our Empire's on the rack.
strong 1, Earl Richtrdsou 2, Chamberlain 3, Ina Armstrong 4, Geo.
Fades 5.
I hereby forbid any person from 1res passing or leasing the mill property at the Ragged Chute until my claim is settled. Any person doing either of the above acts will be prosecuted.
WILLIAM KEELER.
Bristol, March 14,1902.

R. R. A. Meeting.
H. S. Taylor; Teacher.

for the season's practice, and other business in connection with the association. All members, and others interested in the affairs of the association are requested to attend w,«bout further
Captain.
SHAWVILLE ACADEMY
EA®TER EXAMINATION*—STANDING OF
PVPELS.
Grade II., Model.—Luela Dale 1, Janet	,
Kilffour 2 Mary Cuthbertson 3, Lena a ndit sets our blood to boiling
3S «SS!» -
McGuire8, Gerald Wamroan9, Hath And see the land of liberty leen Wilson 10, Ernest Smart 11, And right and law and such.
Murial Strutt 12, Gordon Smait 13, All fought up to a standstill Leonard Dale 14, James Crawford, By the blarsted lop-eared Dutch.
absent, Harold Wilson, absent.	So wire us when you want us
ISSESctÎB
Pearl Howes 6,	John Argue/, learl And our spirits U^ht as dew,	range and conteining 275 acres, more or
6- Hi"m SmiK,T":Sh
owes, Harry Nichol-	Then fling the banner over us-	mises are created two dwelling houses,
I ¦¦ ¦¦ The grand old Union Jack,	two good stables, 1 log > ¦¦¦
We clin the following item, which will just place us on the firing line	out stock, or implements, as desired.	To the Inhabitants of the aforesaid
doubtless be of interest to our Masonic And leave the rest to us.	For terme and further particulars apply Municipality :
friends, from the Cornwall Standard of	-----«----- ,0	j. D. FIELDS,	litandtE?uSdml'Sf &
March 21st	.	,	The Canada Atlantic.	Rutledge P. O., Que. {£e“”oresaid Municipality
Rt Ex. Comp. W. S. R. Murch of	--- -T day the fourteenth day of
Kingston, Grand Superintendent of 7ha plant of the Webb syndicate in	its usual hour, and place of meeting the
srssî	"* K1 -Boe"
Arch Masons, of Cornwall, on ti nes deveioping< The shops are to romain London, March 26.—A week ago it election, for a member of the Legislative day night. There was a large attendance in Canada and the new owners of the	reDorted that Gin-ral Kitchener Assembley of this Province, prepared by
SH5SS b~~ESS
which the work was exemplified.	Depot Hart or to Quebec along the north L :i wer0viveo. It is now learned that „	' Sec.-Treasurer.
At the close of the convention supper gh()re of the gt Lawrence	! Lht, fac.B ire at f,.pow#	-------------—---------------
was served in the large ante room and a pri)in pliable sources it is learned that F()Ur	0f the Bushveldt Cubi-	Quebec will Co-operate,
very enjoyable social hour was spent.-	eyndiCate may absorb the Beemer I were tried by court-martial cn the	t	,	,
Ex. Comp, W. C. McGuire, /. of Cove- r08d, north of Ottawa in which c*ie it •», | . of ,hootinK ,,, c>ld blood a num-	The Quebao authorities have decided
nant Chapter, pre-ided. I he toast to th# inlenli0n to extend the western .	%	whl had sur,-endeiei «s to co-operate with Onto! 10 in protecting
His Majesty the King was revived with brinch to Nolth B.y ao *« to take ad oneri| „f war The accuicd were ooo- cities from the danger of imallpox mfec-luyal enthusiasm Sove al other toasts vaDt,„a of the epeniog up of the French C .	. two of lheal eere ,hot snd one tion from ehantymen returning from the
were proposed and duly honored RL Ex. 8iver and Lake Nipia.iog to deep wstsr t d to 25 year, penal servitude.
Comp. Murch and Rt. Ex. Comp. N J.	¦¦	--- "	'---- 1	*
F raid responded f r the Grand Chapter; fex Companions Elvidg^, Gregor and Clayton, Companions F. Bisset, F. D.
McLennan, W. Gi Warns and Lieut. Mag-wood for Covenant Chapter; Companions Dr Knight and McDonald for the newly exalted Companions; and Companions A.
Gillespie Watson, A. L. Fruid and B.
East wood for the ladies The proceedings were brought to a close after the Junior Warden's toast with the National Anthem and “Auld Lang Sync.
Rt Ex. Comp, Murch made an excel lent impression and will receives hearty welcome should he pay ( oveuant Chapter another visit.
Public Notice.
Public Notice is hereby given, that all Municipal and School Taxes remaining unpaid in the Municipality of Clarendon after the first week in the month of April, shall be collected hv the unpleasant way the law directs. You may believe this for a fact, as there will he no more fooling with Public Notices. They must be put in force.
Dated atShawvi'Ie, th:s24 day of March, 1902.
ARMSTRONG BROS
Improved Farm for Sale.

LADYSMITH.
11. MATHESON, Sec. Treasurer.
By Order,
Dowell 10, Harry Waddell, Harry H
, Pearl Wilson, absent.
Public Notice.
rn, granary.
•T'
son
Masonic Function.
Your
Iven, by W. W. c. Treasurer of , That on Mon-April next, at
Watch
Needs
Cleaning
e


y/


Vc


river kuu	«w„r -------- geQ(eDCe(i $0	y tars penal servitude.— I cvmp. This is the decision reached bst
navigation and this will give the syndicate The fourlh (lffiodr acted as King’s evid- Thursday evening in a conference between
‘	~	'	sentenced to deportation. Dr. Beaudry, of Montreal; Inspector
Giroux, of the province of Quebec ; Dr. Hodgetts. Omario inspector ; Mayor Cook and Dr. Law, city medical health officer of Ottawa.
a double line on the grain traffic from eDCe and was sentenced to deportation, the West. The northern branch of the	des pitches on the subject are ex-
Beerovr road will be extended to the rich j ted lo bd published shortly. I mineral, timber and pulpwood districts ^
to James Bay. If this project ma'erel ze I bore drive partly buccemtul | J	_
it will be a fine thing for O.tiwa—says ! pretom. Transvaal Colon?, March 28 I eotstiw, from the fiiat, expressed a the Citizen.	I —About 1,500 Boers under Delarey, willingness to co-operate and bvar their
¦¦silie
If it has rçot been cleaned inside of 18 Njontlfs.
The Quebec roprta
i3r We give all repairs our personal supervision.
and guarantee satisfaction or your money back. u of every 10 watches spoiled 9 are spoiled by incompet
ont watchmakers—not by the wearers.



WljYTE. THE WATCHMAKER - SHAWVILLE.













