###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION
'f
r m


\

*
; ¦ t
w
BP*


No. 47. 19th Year.
SHAWVILLE,
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MAY 15,
1902.
11.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
FIRST-CLASS
FARM FENCING
Picture framing, enlarging, copying, etc., a specialty
llesd Office! .
< '-apiUl paid up
OTTAWA. CANADA.
........ 12.000,WO
........ lM.eeo
Immon's New Studio.
Intending travellers should write J.
R Tierney, Arnprior, Out., Ocean ami Railway tickets to all parts of the world.
RAMSAY'S PAINTS - the right Paint to paint right. See new picture ad. Inside page. For sale by O. F. Hodglns, Shaw ville.
Nkw Thoto Studio.—Having ng>ml in iny new Studio (opposite H. Matbosons) jTUC ftlCUi PDflCDV I am now prepared to execute order* for | I NL HLW UllULIi I any style of picture desired. A call will convince yon of the fact
OF CANADA.
ONLY
WEEK!
Heel
Hoard of Directors:
Charles Mages, Esq., Preeide.it. George Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
Ho*. Oio. H*yso*, Jr
30 Cents per ROD.
CAPITAL -
- $6,000,000.
AL". '“•"bîS,;	I RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
for sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON. ONT.
GVORGRBURN D. M. FINN1R
Head Office, • Montreal.
Genera) Manager .. .. Manager.
Brandies •
IN ONTARIO ï
Keewatln,
Kemptf-lle,
Mattawa,
Ottawa, do
do Bank St. do Rideau St do Somerset St. Winchester Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA :
---o
Beginning next Monday Morning, May 18th.
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
Alexandria,
Amjrior,
Avonmore,
Bracebridge,
Carleton
L'obden Hawkesbury,
I a nark.
Parnr Hound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester,
Hi nfrew Toronto.
NI)
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to al 1 parts of the world.
1 misons Photo Studio
special
DISCOUNT SALE :
MEAT SHOP.
KNOW YOUR EYES ARE RIGHT The degrees of eight range from
l,COrnCr Main -d P-ckanoek St..,
commend glasses only when absolutely beneficial.
THE DRUG STORE.
Shawvllle
Place,
HAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Orxice Hours Saturdays .
Dauphin,
Winnipeg
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC:
Hull,
Shawinigan Falls,
Agents In Canada, New York and Chicago— Hank of Montreal.
Agents in St Paul—Merchants Nat Bank. Agents In London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
Having secured a new and fresh stock j of GROCERIES people can rely on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspect our stock.
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
Montreal,
Lac bite
10 A.M. TO 3 P.M
10 A M. TO 1 P.M
Very Bad
F. A. PARKER, Manager
BOOTS AND SHOES :
The immediate attention of the road inspector for that division should fce given to that portion of the Pickanock road between H. B. Hodgins and H Hopper's, as it is certainly io a deplor-For Salk, Cheap.—Good Milk Wag-1 able as well as dangerous condition at
the present time. If sufficient labor is not obtainable in the division to1 make improvements required, the township Hi	council should come to the rescue and
Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, Sur-1 render the assistance necessary to do the Kgoe 1 Boos Î—Any quantity of good geon Dentist, will bo at Shawville on work. Our best authorities on road fresh eggs will be purchased at Stewart's third Tuesday in each month, and Camp- making say that the first principle to be Boot and Shoe Store, Shawville.	bell’s Bay the following day. Parties will observed is the proper draining of the
„	a A „ x.	, oblige very much by calling early.	road allowance, it being utterly impos-
Notice.—S. A Mack ay, Notary Pub-	.	sible to make a road while the water is
lie, hM FMumed hu« notorial urofeMion The Dominion House, Renfrew,	mi	ailowed to remain in the ditobes ut either
in the X lllage of Bryson, and intends damaged by fire to the extent of	two	mde_ M t,he roadway alum bathe moisture
visiting Shawville every Tuesday as here- thousand dollars, on Friday morning, .„d renders it easily worked into mud- ...	¦
t<,fore-	May 2nd.	holes which become deeper and worse Wanted-A smart, intelligent boy to
mm# üüpii ..........................................................................................
22SP’ Miawulle.	I this road is one used by the people at w ,,	,	.	......-
Dr. McPhee, dentist, of Arnprior, . Later reports of the destruction of the	e*^°l. tIielf cooncil are trade*peopled the^iîlage*? ShawvUie,
requests me to inform the public that he city of St Pierre, Island o? Martinique, . 8. eri0UH r,8k m allowing it to do hereby agree to close our respective is constantly in attendance, and will be places the number of people n ho	lost	r®m.a!n in present wretched condition	places of business	on	Mondays,	Wed
pleased to see his numerous friends from their lives in the dreadful calamity at	y cedents are liable, m fact most likely	days	and	Fridays	of	each	week	at Six
- *........»,
Born.—At Moorehead on Saturday, thus preventing the slightest possible wtietncr a stin bill ot damages is not He holiday. (Signed)
May 10th, to Mr. and Mrs Grant, a chance of escape. The event is one of m8t,tuted against the municipality.	(î. H. McDowell, K Hodgins & Son.
daughter.	the most appalling in modern times.	____Wain man	V F llu or in <
Two photographic artists, representing Old Resident of the Quyon Gone —	Court of King 8 Bench	J^sf Graham,	T. wTwnAON&Co
the Montreal Star, were in town this Mrs Catharine McLean, (j Quyon, one of	T ,,	.	,	(1. M. Donaldson, A. Smilky,
week taking views for illustrative pur the oldest and most respected residents of	n * , RVS8l<>D °» the Court of Kings	< J. Stewart,	W.	A. Whyte,
poses.	that place, passed away on Monday,	Bench, which opened at Bryson on TuC#	(Jlorgk Hynes,	Smart & Smith
the 6th inst., after a short illness. She day of last week, has enlivened matters The County Orange Lodge have issued was was 77 years of age, and was ana	considerably within the nrecinets of the
invitations to the lodges of the surround- tive of the County Antrim, Ireland, from	ll?u*My quiot village which claims the
ing country to assist celebrating the which country she emigrated more than	distinction of being the legal centre of
Twelfth of July at Shawville this yoar. half a century ago. A large family	the vast County of Pontiac. In obedi-
of sons and daughters, all of whom, ence ^ mandate of the judicial pow-The family of Mr. William Wall, who with one exception, Donald, deceased a	er8 tbat bc P®°ple have assembled there
lives near the boundary between Thorne few years ago, survive her. Her funerai	from Partrt of the district, to aid in
and Aldfield are recovering from small- took place on Wednesday and was large-	vindicating the majesty of the law which
pox contracted several weeks ago.	| ty attended.	° governs so many millions throughout the
rx	rw n o w 4-	i	Kings dominions.	leases, with the remainder of the jurymen,
Dentistry.-Dt. R S. Martin, surgeon	Mr. Joseph Hill of Thornby, Que.,	The session opened	at 11 o’clock with	were relieved from further attendance
dentist, Ottawa, will be at, Quyon,	father of the late Thomas Hill, who wiih	^e usual ceremonies, Him Honor Mr.	until Tuesday of this week.
May 16th and 17th; Shawville, 19th and bis wife and three children lost their Justice Ho;hon, of Hull, presiding. The young Frenchman Henri, who is üOth; Bryson 21st; CompbeU’s Bay, 22nd;	hves in the Hull fire of Tuesday last) When	the jury list	was called it was	held on the awful charge of murder, has
Coulonge, 23rd. Parties requiring his	week. Mr. Hill and sorrowing relatives	™uod	that «everal	jurors from the	nothing in his appearance to indicate
services will please call early.	whisb to'convey their heart-felt thanksand Temiscammgne district had failed to put that he con Id be capable of committing a
atiSKKKHSsrat=S fSESSSS SiBESS
that he Mas lately experienced.	they doubtless were away from home in linguist,
Fhday night last was ex- Mr. H. H. Elliott has entered into ^ woods, and could not possibly attend
Utner	etiee, which in the course of three years, shooting case, and High Constable frost :vlth the products of the farm and the
Friday last, May 9th, was remarkable if nothing happens, will be ready for *** f" rthwith despatched to caecutcthat improvement of a road alongside a farm as being the coldest day% of that getting ont. The experiment is some- potent instrument.	«neans practically an improvement of the
date in the memory of a good many if thing new for this part of the country, Having been duly sworn in tbp Grand f;irm ItseIf* 51 consequent increase in not all of the old residents of this place, and there seems no reason why it should Jury were given the list of indictments, d* value. We hope Clarendon farmers Snow, which many had been looking for not succeed, am the stock thus developed I and entered upon their important duties mierested will iook at it m this way. to warm the air, fell quite heavily for a will be better suited to the climatic condi- *n tbe afternoon. The Jury was com short time about 6 o’clock in the tions of this region than that grown in a I P°se? of the following gentlemen — H
lees rigorous country.	William McV eigh, foreman, Bryson
¦	ÉÊÊiÊÊÊ^ÊfÊitÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊKKKÊÊiKÊiKÊ J. E. Dolan, Portage du Foil.
Young Exquze Immigrants.—-A party, Many were the expressions of sorrow J. J. Turner, Shawville. consisting of 30 girls and ‘20 boys, be- heard in our town last week when it	Robert Dagg, ••
tween the ages of 3 and 14 years, will was learned that Edwin Campbell, only	George Mohr Quyon
L3S&.2M: «
<ants please send ministers recommen menigitis. He seemed to be enjoying his I Robert J. Campbell, Bristol, dation and rail fare.	usual good health until the Sunday mom- William Drummond, •*
j^Musyisss	EE SS£Z
last week, our compositor made an error nonneed hopeless by attending physicians.	m. 1 P Moore*,	, ‘
in giving the amount which the Council	The funeral service was conducted in	1 he	•' ury completed their labors on	company	to	be	in operation	by the	1st of
has decided to offer by way of bonus to	the Church of England6 by Rev. Mr. Ryan	Wednesday afternoon wuh the following	June,as the	plant	is	now	nearly	com
aa. s» itttAg Msis?B4B#ea2Ü,s ss-tra 66 ttUftssiSMr-
pality, and fence them with wire. The School and one fiom the citizens of Gris- \	% murdued l>oy, and Daniel	---
amount mentioned—11.00 per rod—	wold bearlM the Inscription “Ted dy^the	T"?rne*. , ,,,,
shoo'd have been ten cents per rod, or	n*me hj wttch he jeas known to »1L	True	Bills against Kmgsherry, Holden,
ahn.it S32 nor mile	During hie visit to Shawville last winter Denme, John Stewart, Isalie Dyher,
*' 1 *	he wags general favorite, having a pleas- Henri and Tom Howard.	Meases R W. Hodgins, Robert Hobbs
William Smart and family* of j a%T^' r acl-d 4 vearn and 3 After having made customary inspect and Geo. M. Donaldson started west-Starke’s Corners section, have the sym- months, and was a grand son of Mr. Wm.	fche Court House and Jail, the ward last week with the object of in-
uathy of the community in the removal Wilson of this town.	Grand Jury were dismissed, and the selecting lands in the District of Nipis
ny death, of Miss Lily, at the ajarly age	p Crown proceeded to empannel a jury for sing,
of 18 years. The sad event occurred on I	the
Friday last at Renfrew, where the	Principal Grant Dead.	Henri, accused of
deceased had been attending school —	--- cbar’s son, which was a somewhat
Interment took place in the Shawville	Principal Grant, the eminent church- tedious proceeding, and occupied the
cemetery on Sunday afternoon, in pres- man and educationalist, died at Kingston remaindci of the day’s session.
ence of a large concourse of sorrowing on Saturday last, after a comparatively The Court was then adjourned till I Me Far lane. Cam pbell's Bay, were in town relatives and sympathetic friends.	' short illness FIs was 77 years of age. Friday, and all the witnesses in the other | on Friday last
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
We find our stock of Footwear to be large in many lines, and in order to reduce it and clear out broken lines and odds and ends, we have decided to have a cheap sale of the entire
PULPWOOD WANTED.I stock-f°r 10 days only.
Apprkntkk Wanted:—A smart boy to loam the bakery business. Apply to
The Shawvtllk Bakery®
Fancy silks in blouse lengths, cheap,
at Mrs. D. McRae’s.
H. A. HODCINS.
gon. Apply tu
Hamilton Stewart, Lot 28, H. 6, Clarendon
1,000 conta of Poplar Pu Ip wood wanted	i •	,	_ _	.
along the P. P. J. line. We shall pay the HiVery 11116 Will bê SOld at SDBCial highest price. >or particulars apply to	~
"r'From 15 to 30 per cent. Discount
cut prices
NOTICE.
This is a timely sale—don’t miss it—you want There is no better stock than we offer you.
nes
j
. SHAW.
FOR SALE
Thoroughbred Durham Bull, “ Premier Knight II." Registered No. 31378. Three years old 20th May.
FRANK R. ARMSTRONG,
Clarendon Front
P. S.—Ready-to-Wear Clothing.

SPRAYING
FRUIT TREES !
The frost of
It has been proven by Tests that it pays. Trees that had never borne ripe fruit before gave good results with SPRAYING.
We are fully prepared to supply your ^ wants for
FRUIT TREE SPRAYING
Creamery tor Pontiac
PARIS GREEN.
BLUE STONE (Sulphate Copper).
HELLEBORE (White).
INSECT POWDER.
morning
In the near future the county of Pontiac may boast of having what no doubt will he one of the finett creamei iea in Canada H will be located in the village of Quyon. The creamery will have a capacity of 10,000 pounds of butter per day. It will be under the management of Mr. J. D, McCann, of Perth, Ontario formerly inspector of creameries and cheese factories for the Ontario, government. Mr. McCann states that ho expects his
A FEW PRICE HINTS :
Paris Green, 25cts a pound. Blue Stone, lOcts a pound. White Hellebore, Boots a pound. Persian Insect
Powder, BOcts a pound. We will tell you more about them if you’ll call
PERSONAL
Mr
young Frenchman the murder of Gut-
Master Alfie Elliott, eldest son of Mr. H. H. Elliott, has gone to Edmonton, N.W.T.
THE DRUG STORE.
Mrs. K. B. Holt, Ottawa, and Miss






v
###PAGE###2###







J
».

not the calf to make tlio dairy cow, hence the cake meal with skim milk make# the bout food. Four to five pounds of food daily for the flrn^ week is a safe quantity. Afterwards increase to much a quantity ns the calf can take safely should ho thoroughly cleaned lifter each feed; clean enough for a person to drink out of.
The calf's compartment should ho well littered and well ventilated, and there should ho plenty of light and More care Is required to save the sun. The caretaker should ho able pour- Bprin.r tutor of pigs than the fall lit- to see lho condition of the calf read-
mmttmmmmmamsr
Her daughter. Margaret, alone knows would not find her until the time ; ‘>s	}*£ • M h "v'cim?	change her nest after she commences it is not always good policy to se-
Daisv's secret. Lord Lisle seek# his | fixed for the wedding.	im i , ,	1 r,ttï	thoUgh to prepare it will result in loss to lcct the largest egg# for hatching
child, and Margaret, taking Daisy's To think, with her, was ever to K,Ul .hevn 0 bU k child.	the owner, writes Mr. T. J. Miller. and usually it is had policy
|	herself his art When the earlv sunheams peep- 10,(1 UbJ* promised to join them The llvst .should he made double egg of medium si to will bring as
daughter. She falls in love with his Pll into her room] when the birds	ni’ hm‘ moini”g. three <,a>s and the space between the walls filled strong and vigorous a chicken as the
nephew. Philip. Daisy. Lord Lisle*» j began their morning hymn, and the;	, 'Ie jmie _aj>i.omte(l for rve-,tlght wj(h struw. The inside men- largo egg, and usually one that will
true daughter,	‘oins	her	foster-si**	qowers opened their bright eyes,	ng Jv,l|,n; 1 he three ladies, attended	sumiu.nt8 should be 8x8 feet and	grow faster and mature early. The
ter. and captivates	Philip,	who Lord	Ritn WttS seated at her writing	!'yvS(,‘%aa;f; «oft J.ondon for Sun-	(h(J outside 9x0 feet or thereabouts,	active hen that is alwnyb scratching Tjme was it iN quoted when smok-
Lisle, on his death-bed. makes pro* table, composing, with nil the skill ! ax; a 1	spot on the The one object is to keep the air from and foraging for food is always the . was ftti|.ly |r(M11>rni p, rh> relies
mise to marry Rita. Philip becomes t her command, a letter that should S(>'1 1,1,1 ™°,vs ot ''ales	blowing over and around the young one most productive of egg#, it is , jn the* seventeenth centurv
.......,„!•¦»£ ...................................................................... «....=
gaged,	writes	es king her to be true j strange behavior/' and assured him a ‘ tal ' x ,lS , y‘	.,lanU °h	hllls	Never cover with straw or foder. as	lays a very large egg. but usually
to her	promise.	that she was	longing to see him. . °,K‘( <oxxn °	tin» shore.	I-.very	n heavy rain would soon soak	one of medium size
Hut world lie	wait 7 She was so, 1,]lv t,h‘ h,MV 11	l‘,e,1>' httle viHa	through and keep the nest damp and	ability as well as her propensity to
busy engaged	in removing all difTi-, |u* ,>et 0,11 wuu,ng	, rvt‘s	161 e	unhealthy. Your pig# would soon	hustle for a livigg she will transmit
cullies. Would he. as he valued heri''as ,M>	??'! 110 logu n! M1 •,vts--iio	jHH.omo scurfy and dirty, the pen	to the chicken# especially if mated
love, wait one week ? She would, in	* *“0 4 0,1 ‘ 10 llnn8>»ctl more silent	wpt aluJ tool smelling and the pigs	to a male that inherits the same
nrrongv all for thvlv	,U. W,l,a lilUlr" "‘,t0" stunted.	traits. The sluggish hen. too lazy
introduction to her M "1 , <>n! ^ ,glV, IU),h> XXo,kl- | If the nest is made warm, the sow to vat only when the food is put in
n‘ mnM XXMh , l l< 1 h" P1ï<ihen.i!;ldieS comforlably establish-	^Vcmwl muhTii.^ Instinct ^worm*or dfuse* altera“gralsho^
u 11UM	has taught her that cold drafts of
air are death to her pigs and she crawls under to protect her young.
If the pen is tight and warm, she knows it as well as you do. and no matter how much bed you give her. will lie on top of her nest.
SBOKINB IN OHÜBCHES.
really ill. and worn out with the struggle. She wrote another letter to Ralph, tolling him she was ill, and unable to leave her room. His reply did not tend to comfort her.
"Ill or well," he said, "she must see him at the end of the week."
The indisposition of the beautiful Lisle wa» much deplored by the great world. She hud grown so popular ; no ball or fete was con® sitlcved complete without her. It was i a sudden eclipse of the brightest
î«,3.e.s.®.e.e.e.ec».o.».e.e.e.e.e.e..,e,-e.e. I Z.hSt'C.'S

1	e
Î FOR FARMERS
e
t*
! The Fatal Dower i
GRACE AND HEALTH FROM
ST NICOTINE.
The bucket
Scnaonable and Profitable hints for the llusy Tlllere of the Soil.
0
Advantages of the Weed as a Mio robe Killer Find Exponents
Also.

I
Mi
OR

e

©
The permission given to tlm workmen who are preparing Westminster Abbey for the coronation to smoke during religious services which held there every day for their benefit, has fronted more disputation than one would perhaps imagine London 1 ei ¦¦
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
*
BROOD SOW AND THOR FAMILY
e
are
HU.VH U " hal iH to I"1 III.
outcome of it many people n.sk, while the prime old Indy holds up her hands in horror.
It ran not bo an id that the sillv season has yet set in. but the papers are opening their columns to correspondents, who argue that there is no reason why smoking should not be permitted in any church during service, or that, at any rule, there might be smoking services.
Vhe
birthright
announces
instance, oil the occasion of m visit. | of James I. to Cambridge in 1013, the Vice-Chnncclloi King's objection to the weed," issued a regulation none do presume to take tobacco in •St. Marie's Church or Trinity College hull during the abode of His Majesty hero upon pnyne (if final I expel linge from the unlversilie."
The eccentric Archbishop Block*
per, will be apt to get too hit, h»v |)Un^ of York, in the eighteenth ccn-ubnut two eggs ft week at b«-i	tury, was wont to smoke during in-
11,1,1 while her eggs may he larger. lrrva1s <)f thp service they are more li y to bo infertile, and she is poor stock to breed from, because if any chickens hatch they will lack that energy and
power which would enable I	I	I
grow up rapidly, and which makes ! church while tho congregat ion the pullet lav early and often

This productive
knowing the stinking "that
CU Ai» I KK NX
the wondrous r x CM I I l<‘(l ¦ tl.U
They stood before picture. Daisy s sweet with tears as she gazed upon beautiful, despairing fare and chained wrists.
‘ The old story," said Lord Lisle, "l.ovc is at once the greatest good and the greatest evil."
"Abuse oi it may l»e an evil," said Daisy. •‘Luxe itself could never be
the meant nm meeting and lll,. friends
if he xv on Id consent
Pity that
It was a clever letter much powers should he so falsely applied, every fully weighed. When Itnlph Ashton read it he smiled a hitter, sardonic
"Will this suit you, Rita ?" inquired Mrs. Wy vente, anxiously. "Nothing could he more tranquil or dull."
word of it was cavv-
LONG PIVKaS AND LONG HYMNS
"I cannot tell you how grateful and pleasant the quiet is to me,"
- ho replied.
It was a luxury to sit still, and LEAVES MAKE THE BEST NES'l tG not tremble nt <• < ry ring <.f the bell or step upon the stairs ; it was u
luxury to walk out in the broad ho would he pleased with the results, open day. and not fear to meet the There is no danger of the little pigs man she dreaded at ex cry corner of j getting tangled up in them and the road.	'smothered. The sow should he Imn-
A not her well-known instance quoi vital ed is that of l>r. Pan
smile
anx thing but good."
"It is not the muster-passion of the \\ or Id.	said Ki la. "Ambition
he muttered, rence. \s
of Hatton
"She writes well A week can make no di

them to who smoked before his sermon in
1 value her loxe, 1 agree to it 1 To wrote in reply arrangement at the end of that tin
was
singing, for the doctor remarked:— "My people like long hymns, but 1 prefer tuy long clay."
Sir Walter Scott, who is considèr-
es greater.
• Mo not say the word ed Lord Lisle
If the owner would prepare a lot in the lull and save for Ins brood sows
‘ ' I ngrvi
1 will wait a
exclaim- j 1 dislike ambit ion and ambit ions people. No word Kevins to mo move harsh on the lips j of a young girl than that. I could! pardon much to love—nothing to | svon •xmi-
ambition."	The excitement, the fear am! sus-
Those words haunted Him. He I";"so hud prtnod n><> umoli for could pardon much to love—nothing Ritas strength. Daisy going to hoi
room one hour after Ralph s answer had been received and destroyed,) ~ found her lying white and senseless upon the sofa.
Alarmed and anxious hastily summoned Mrs NVywrue and
\\ lien
votll
if 1
wool
do iml hear from yot
DRAW PORKS EASILY
I shall call
If you want to anm.se friends at
ind not leave the house until 1 have
ed historically correct in his novels, tell them that devotee considerable space to a description of smoking in the church in "The Heart of Midlothian."
I
an evening party,
you can draw a cork out of any
l«> Daisy it was all a mystery—she <11,.,I frequently by tin could not understand so great
At
owm r
a farrowing time he can then be with bottle .ijll osoq.vx i‘l!H JO)sis .ioq ui ôiJinup her and ready to help if needed
was one longing for pleasure and ex- little attention just tl cRenient, to shun every one, and | part of the litter.
.rek quiet. She had never quite the amhition of the understood her foster-sister, who a|j
without n corkscrew. Of
A	course,	they	will laugh,	but very These	nrc	n very few of many in-
mnx	saxv a	soon it	will be your turn	to laugh, stances	of	smoking in church days
Jt ought to be i Take a piece of sealing wax and gone by, hut the matter hasn't as <	v,tvl ,u iaxe	hold one end	of it over a	lamp or 1 yet gone so	far as to provoke a ques-
Negligence is our	worst	enemy,	gas jet	Until	it becomes soft ; then 11ion in	the	House of Commons
sow ought to be fed all she	let some drops of the wax .fail	oil
*	will	eat just before farrowing. She	the cork in the bottle. As soon
their arrival	will	get along butter and won't need	the cork is covered with wax,	you
Rna	began to recoxer	herself.	The	fev(l	so soon afterward. Never call	must press the piece, which you	hold
pame	of tear	and	dread that	had	your	sow out of the nest just after	hi your hand, against the cork,	and
svi/.vd her died away. All now seem- farrowing to feed her. She won’t you must hold it thcic until
Once married, ! need feed for at least eighteen hours, she had nothing to fear, and every jf s},0 don't come out after 21 hours day brought her marriage nearer. It V()U bad better see after liei was not likely Ralph would find her No matter what anyone said, did not intend to leave Sun bay un
til a day or two previous to the one j disturb hoi fixed for her marriage.
She laughed triumphantly to herself. Yes, once more schemes and maneuvers lmd prospered ; once more fate had played into her hands, and just retribution was delayed.
The color returned to her face and the smile to her lips.
"This rest is curing you. Rita," said Mrs. Wvxerne
en
Oh, if ever he discover
to ambition ed her secret, there would be no pity for her—nothing to plead pu lier Doha If
t
now more of a mystery than
was
over
Flu
Daisy
Talking about tobacco, the remark-as ; able persistency with which the smallpox rlings to London, notwithstanding the confidence of the medical profession that mild weather would see a marked decrease, Ims revived discussion of I ho virtues of tobacco as a disinfectant.
It has been noticeable all through this epidemic that many more women than had ever before been the ruse, took to travelling in the smoking carriages on the suburb railways. not that the women’s la see for tobacco was growing any stronger, but because they had confidence in tobacco as a disinfectant. liellcving that they were less likely to contract the disease in the smoking carriages than in any others week I have noticed that certain newspapers have been opening their columns to correspondence from those who desired to air their views on disinfectants, and most of the space was certainly taken up with such letters as dealt with tobacco as a means of preventing smallpox.
It was recalled that at the time of the great plague in London every child was ordered to take a pipe of tobacco to school and that at intervals during lessons, both master and children lighted up.
ADVICE NOT DISINTERESTED.
as Rita, dressed
that
.
evening
great magnificence and skill
«1 stairci ,	...
carrying in his Rita opened her eyes she found the
lay three bending over her, with startled faces.
with
descended
In a few days after
l her sister's maid, T hr rest
footman met hci hand a silver salver, on which one of those blue envelopes she knew and detested.
"A man called with this before dinner, and desired me, Miss Lisle,
to give it to you at once."	'	*	• replied Rit
Rita took the letter with a gesture overdone, lakt of superb indifference. There was no be somewhere quiet, and st.lt time then to open it ; the second 1 hey laid her to rest in a darkened dinner bell had rung, and Mrs. Wy- room—they bathed her hot brow in \erne had one of her grand dinner (,o°l. )ragrant water, and then ie-pat lies. She placed it carefully in tired, to hold an anxious consul lathe pocket of her dress. No one who 1 '<m among themselves, had seen her that night would have I bey had noticed a great rhnnge in believed any secret care or trouble k,‘r* *|L‘l" sl‘*ri is 'W !,‘ unequal. I hn e weighed upon her. She threw oil the were times when both had s« en stalely 11 serve and lia it ear that Wl>a vied, wan look on her lave and a
- ! rlow in l « r dark eyes I here could he hut one cause for it. and that wes ill-health.
the
ed safe and secure
Paid Mrs
\\ \
Aly dear child
what is it—what is the mat
verm 1er ?
In all
A
probability caked udder or milk fe-she ver is her trouble, but if well she
ill and me away—let me
will come out for her feed
Do not
For the first food give about one-half as much as she will cat of bran
or chop mixed with water and slightly warmed. Increase from day to day until two weeks, when she can have all she will eat of good thick slop and some corn. By this time the pigs will begin to eat. Then make a pen for them. In it place a shallow trough, not over 2 inches deep. Give them feed often with 1 c some boiled hominy once a day. Put salt and ashes where they and the 1 brood sows can get it whenever wanted. Always keep clear water before them. This rare will insure quick growth, healthy hogs and profitable money returns.
Phis

usually wrapped her like a mantle No smile was so sweet and winning voice so musical, no wit so keen no satire so kindly as hers
Lord Lisle will
hardly know you."
" I do not feel tho same," she plied. "I think coming here hue saved my life."
Nothing happened 1o disturb her.
I'Voni London and from Lisle Court, daily, letters told how nearly every! thing was prepared for Miss Lisle's marriage. The magnificent jewels were on view at Messrs. Ntorr &
timer's ; the carriages were to he	„ Il	I- L
seen at Hewson'e ; the trousseau, Now; ¦l,PPoae th,s ,s! “ he,,vr <*lf one of the most exquisite and cl a- descended from a good dam and a
borate ever prepared,	was in the kctl(‘r s*re» and we place u m the
hands of Mme. Cerise.	hands of the dairyman who can
At Lisle	Court all the more mod-	mako out of n that	nature in-
era rooms had been refurnished	in	tends it to be. It should never be
most recherche and luxurious ! stunted for a moment nom the time I style. From "rosy morn until dewy! *t is dropped until it goes into the eve" Rita	heard of nothing but	the	dairy. A few hours after	it, is horn,
i grandeur	and luxury prepared	for	k cannot stand, gently	support it
and proceed to give it its first milk.
Nature has provided that the first milk taken from the mother is the best food for it, but we must be the judges of quantity. A safe way is to take n pint of milk and an equal quantity of water, and never give this at a temperature of less than 98
degrees. To teach the calf to drink	PING-PONG’S MARCH,
put two fingers into its mouth m- pjng-pong has become a great fa-stead oi one, as the milk will flow vorjto jn Turkish house?, where it is more freely between them and <1*«- p)ayed with great zest bv the ladies, play all your good nature and some who uro delighted with the new of your Job-1 ike patience and success nmuscmvnt. Tho Khedive of Egypt's will be the result 1 he reason why mothep the Khvdivah. has set up a water is added to the milk is because ping_pong table in her magnificent by high breeding we have mn eased ncw palace on the Bosphorus, and the quality of Guernsey and • m t-.v tJie lû(1jcs attached to her piny every milk until it is not. safe to	day. One great advantage that they
FEED THE \OUNU CALF.	have Is that there are swarms of lit-
tle black slaves who pick up the balls and save them all trouble.
i
Mrs. Wyverno thought the vxcite-Lord l.islv was charmed, lie linger- nu-nt of her presentation, the ed by her side, and when the little | tinned succession of gaieties party broke up, lie touched her whirl of pleasure, the nevvr-emling beautiful face with his lips.	preparations for her marriage, liuii
"That is my privilege now," he *‘Oen altogether too much for her. said, gently. “Good-night, Rita. "In my opinion, Daisy," said the You shall be proclaimed Queen of blder lady, “your sister will have a Hearts."	serious illness, unless sonic steps are \\
She laughed a low, sweet laugh— taken at once. I do not like those her heart beat high with triumph, dead faints : they show great weak-lle was beginning to love her as she ness. I must speak to Lord Lisle. ’ wanted to be loved—as Captain But there was no need. Rita sent Parry loved her ; poor Captain
Darcy ! who had sailed that day for I ing pal* and quiet India, and
Even
cou-
ihu
i

THE DAIRY CALI
wax is quite dry. Then it will bo easy for you to draw out the cork by using the stick of wax which adheres to it, in the same manne: you would use a screw.
No matter how firmly
will almost imme-1 era or smallpox, or even any other
You j infectious disease
take care not to sons who don't smoke to burn a lit-
Another correspondent says that he has held positions in various cigar as and tobacco manufactories since 1844 and has never known of the d^uth of fixed the a cigar or tobacco maker from eliol-
for Mrs. Wyverno, who found her ly-
witli a strange
who was never to look ! softening of her proud. haughty |tbt
face
upon her face again.
When she was alone in her own
cork may be, it diately yield to the pressure must, howevei
wrench the stick of wax away from tic tobacco in their rooms every it while you are drawing it out, morning before leaving home for and you must also see that the cork business. Travelling In smoking caris perfectly dry before you pour any riages, lie says, serves much the same wax on it
I am glad you arc better, Rita," room, when her maid had taken (aid Mrs. Wyverno : “but 1 am un-..way the brilliant jewels and costly easy about your health.’’ roles, Rita opened her letter and “It is of that I wish to speak to read it.	you,"	replied Rita. “1 have	not	j
They were fierce, angry words, such complained—1	dislike complaints,,
as come from the lips of coarse, but 1 do not feel well ; I have not I
been well for some time. I am ‘ lief ore tired, wearied, longing for rest."
And rest you shall have," said ! thousand ties—by	virtue of an	oath	Mrs.	Wyverno, whose heart	was
she dared not break—and he would touched by the young girl’s sad face claim her.	She had passed him by—	and plaintive voice. “The l est of
ashamed	of him before her grand	the season is over now. We will go
friend»; but it	was useless.	She	away	for a time—you, Daisy,	and
must appoint the	time and place for	myself.	Would you like that ?"	*
an interview, or lie would call at the "Better than anything in the
house and	force her to see him. Jfe	world !” she cried, gratefully. "How	Who	can	help	believing	that	the
would wait no longer—she must pro-	kind you arc to me ! Yes. J should , ivft-haml	post—or	the	most	distant
Pare to keep her promise, and be- like a few weeks of perfect rest and one if we regard the picture as a come his wife. Ho could force her to ! repose before my marriage—and the perspective drawing—is much the do NO ; and if she would see him, time draws very near."	longest, and the right hand. or
41,1,1 ll,,ar w.11	'i" liu<\ , 10 sav’ R,ie '0s-	M,s. Wyverno; “the .nearest, post is much the shortest, I jt is safe to say that there will be
would see how he could compel her time draws very near. Where would ^ the three ? Yet measurement with n0 trouble if the milk is not given to keep her promise. '	j you like to go ? Lisle Court is all ruje or compass will show that
There was nothing much of I"1 r in in ferment the letter, lie spoke chiefly of force, and as though lie had some mysterious power over her.
A sickening fear and foreboding alone seized her as she read. Ah ! could I know a pretty little wnterlng-it be, after all, that evil brought its place in Wales. 1 went there many own punishment ? Could it be that years ago. It is twenty miles from retribution had already begun ? Swansea. It is very quiet and reA thousand different plan# sug- tired. Would you like that ?
Very much," she replied Ralph cannot thank you, but indeed I am grateful. Will you promise me one she! thing	more—promise that no one
He advises per-
her
(To Bo Continued.)
DR. A. W. CHASE'S CATARRH CURE
25c.

purpose.
Another correspondent begs the Lancet to spore a moment from its pursuit of microbes to give some sort of authoritative decision on the point.
angry men.
"She was his," he said God and before man ; his bv a
ie mat direct to the dtreased a*, fens by the Improved Blower. M) Beob the ulcer*, durs the air y/ pwta-ea, «épi dr&ppi*,, in the } i>r°et end pervaaintVy cures
,	Catarrh aad Kat fever. Blowor
5*5 -fn	or Dr. A. W. Chase
Medicine Co., Toronto and BuflkUo.
TRAVELLING BANKS.
A travelling savings hank has been inaugurated by the authorities in tho French Provinces. It is a motor-car with its for driver, two clerks, and n cash ici
that persons on the road can place their money on it without entering the vehicle and under the table is a safe into which tho money drops through a slot* A proper receipt is given and an entry made in a book. This is to encourage thrift by making deposits easy.
DECEPTIVE POSTS

A table is a it an get! so
%
all, cooler than 100 or 98 degrees, and
Like the
the calf is not overfed human family, more harm is caused by overfeeding than vice versa. Don't let the calf become chilled and
I It*'	cnng<'stedH(6iiHH|
cow’s milk is tit for use the calf can be fed on skim milk and a small portion of cake meal
SIX YEARS OUT OF RED
"Let us go to some quiet spot * id Rita
>
a place unknown to the great world, where we can he quite
Paul Bonhomme, a Paris newsvendor, has just been found dead on a doorstep
since ho woke one morning six ars ago and found his wife dead by his
<-—>
lie has not been to bed
When the
1,513 novels were published : in England last year.
sit
The fat calf is ; side
*
She Gained Eleven Pounds

I
ge*ted themselves to her. She would | have shown scant mercy to

I
!
Ashton had he been in her poxvei All night• while u!hers slept
walked restlessly up and down that shall know where we are going ex-sumptuous apartment ; all night, copt Lord Lisle ? Do not allow it to while the stars shone and the wind he mentioned before the servants, or whistled amid tho trees, while the wo shall have crowds of fashionable
flowers rested and drank eagerly of friends invading our retreat, if you	,	.
the glistening dew, she, fevered and	will promise	me that 1 shall	soon be	three are	ol	exactly the same	length,
worn out, rughig with impotent ! well."	The eye	I»	deceived hy the	indlned
hatred, tried to form some plan bv j She drew Mrs. Wyverno s facedown	Unes, which represent the	top	and
which she could free herself from I to her own and kissed it.	bottom	of the wall, so in	the	cor-
Ralph Ashton.	"it shall lie just as you say, my ner diagram the short inclined lines
She could only think of one thing dear child." said the elder lady ;	deceive	tho eve and make	the	two
—that was to. temporize with him "even The rose shall not know where	equal	horizontal lines appear un-
until she was married to Philip,	we are going until she has	left the	equal. The	deception in the	case of
Once Lady Lisle, she would defy the	house. Lord	Lisle can keep a secret,	the posts	is	chiefly an effect	of per-
whole world. Nothing could change, so can I But what n strange, ner- spective. . alter, or undo that. Ralph might vous fancy it is !" she continued, rage and fume; he might persecute with a smile. 'However, if rest can and threaten ; but if she were restore you to health you shall soon Philip’s wife, what would it matter ? he well. "
If Lord Lisle should know of this Lord Lisle cordially approved of
his the plan. He had noticed he strange change in Rita, and thought the arrangement a very sensible one.
Daisy was only too happy to leave the gay. crowded London.


And Was Brought Back From Nervous Prostration to Health and Strength
by Using Dr. Chase's Nerve Food.
There is no faith cure about Dr. Chase’s Nerve food. You do not need to imagine it is doing good. You can prove it by keeping a record of your weight. This food cure acts in a perfectly natural way is nature’s own cure, and is composed of the most powerful restoratives anc^ invigorators that science has
yet discovered.
Take the case of Mrs. West, as described in her letter quoted below She was pale, weak and run down in health. Her blood was thin and watery, and her nerves so starved and exhausted that she was prostrated. Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food cured her, and added new, firm flesh to her body to the extent of eleven pounds. You will find her letter interesting.
Mr. 8. W. West, Drayton. Wellington County, Ont., writes:—"About two years ago I got terribly run down, and finally became a victim of nervous prostration. I had no appetite, seemed to lose interest and ambition and could scarcely drag myself about. Hearing of good results from the use of Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food, I used three boxes with great benefit. In a short time I gained eleven pounds, and as I was very thin when I began to use the remedy, 1 was very proud of tho increase of weight.
Then the following spring 1 became rather poorly, and it again built me up, and gave me such e good
I was so pleased with the cure the Nerve Food brought
In fact, it
CONVERSING UNDER WATER.
A curious instance of the conductive power of water is that db'ers me are able to converse under water by placing their helmets, which are invariably made of copper, together, and Hhoutimÿ. to one another:	the
sound*, thn _	i swiff uid <iis-
Nur »sj Rita insincere. She was tinctly coiWycd.
appetite that I wanted to eat nearly half the time about that I recommended it to others, and they have told me of the benefits they had obtained from this preparation. You may use this testimonial In order that others may learn of the good there is Is Dr. Oval's Nerve Food."
If you have been affected as Mrs. West has, if you are not feeling real strong and well, y on will bo surprised at the good that Dr. Chase's Nerve Food will do you. It puts color In the cheeks, rounds out sagW. lar and wasted forms, and brings new hopes, new confidence and new life to take the place of despondsflgp,
weakness and diaease. 50 cents a box,6 boxes for |2,M, at all dealers, or Ed ma ns on. Bates A C# . Tu-oaUi.
entanglement beforehand, with keen sense of honor she knew would never dream of marrying lier ; but If he heard of it afterward, for own mke he would hush mailer end shield her.
1






1
	

###PAGE###3###



,
W ”



A




r


)



I

â#*ê*ê##*é*êê#*êéâ#â*ê
Jack’s
Penny heard a ringing laugh come back through the long hall, for the lover had been struck with a midden inspiration.
That week Bal laine gathered a dozen young men, personal friends, leaders in the city's commercial life, at a dinner. At the proncr moment ho told them his plan, and they helped him to win the manager of the Lombard National to his A telegram to the Great Eastern
offering the Penny
Ah, this is what I have been look- coins, which are then put ml* cirri* 5 Mng for," he said
»+++++++++++++++++++++
Ballaine’s t
Bank
Balance.
++++4+++++++++++++++
Now, Ethel, I want to take the tiniest drop of this liquid with me. Huve you a small bottle 1 could put some In?"
lation again.
"Now, the annual wear os a sovereign averages less than one-lweie tieth of a grain, which f%ct affords ample proof that these light coins have been treated with acid by some daring criminals.
"A big reward, no less than C1,-000, is now offered for information which will lead to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons, engaged in this occupation, which (hi law punishes with such severity. This should serve to stimulate the amateur detectives in the big northern manufacturing towns vhere much of the light gold is in circulation,"
"You don't mean to say"—said Ethel, in an awe-struck tone, when Jack had finished reading can’t for one moment suppose that— that----"
;
i
Discovery.
"Yea I think so; I'll go and see... ^ I How will this do?" she inquired, ro** 1 turning with a glass-stoppered bot-
*********************
l
x
tie
"You will bo nway two whole, long I "Splendidly. The very thing, weary years? Oh, Jack, what an thanks,” said Jack, filling it from awmi time to wait! Ami to think| one of the large bottles.
1,10 !usL ,i,iw' 1 ,q|ial1 F>f,,‘ vuuI "But what are you doing all this until then: I cannot realize it. It is for. ^hat Is the good of this stuff to
cruel, cruel that wo should have to y0U jlj8t as you are starting for
wall for such an eternity, when wr | South Africa?" ¦¦	WÊÊ
wue so nearly married, too:	i -aii the good in the world, for un-
Don t cry, dear, * pleaded (ho |ogfJ j*in greatly mistaken it will young fellow. " 1 he time will soon |,rove a fortune to me. I sha’n't go hy By. end I shall he back Again t0 South Africa at all— at any rate, with you. Perhaps”—he added, with| no(, ^is week a poor attempt at lightheartedness—
‘ T shall discover a gold mine
Aid
headquarters lands under Ballaino's promised option, and the heretofore unpurchus-able strip with it, brôught a prompt acceptance ; and for two weeks the young man sold hie property right and left to secure the required £2,000, while the notice in the window kept Mr. Penny, and half the town, also, posted as to his success.
He could have borrowed that amount, but ho had a larger game on foot that spurred him to win on his own
crowded with
buy or sell some bit of real property and do it quickly.
Men who wanted a certain bit of property wrote Ballaine confidential letters to buy the coveted corners for them By prompt buying and selling Ballaine took commissions from both sides, and the balance on tho window climbed. When it reached £2,000 mark Mr. Penny capitulated. Tho word which he left at the bank that Monday morning brought Ballalne promptly to his office. The young man earned a signed cheque for £2,000.
"I don't want your cheque," said tho elder man. "I want you to lake that notice out of the bank window."
I

There was a crowd blocking tho pavement, and gazing with evident interest at one of tho grout plate-glnw windows of tho Lombard National Bank. At a distance It looked like a "run," but n closer view showed the entrance of the bank unobstructed. A notice, written In a bold hand, and hung inside tho window, was tho object, of the crowd's curiosity. It road :
"At lift opening of this Bank today, Mr. T. Fillmore Ballalne’» Balance was £2,117 Ids. 8d/# For two weeks a similar notice had appeared regularly upon tho window of tho bank. It began on a Monday morning, and tho few that glanced at it learned that V. Fillmore BaJ laine had £600 2s Id therein. Who Mr. T. Fillmore Ballalne was no one seemed to know, and why tho bank should make public a matter usually regarded as a business secret none could guess. But everyone who read it puzzled over it, and looked up at tho notice the next time they passed tho Lombard National Bank.
On Tuesday the notice read £800 12s 7d., and on Wednesday it read £876 Os
particularly

»
h
you
Wl at do you mean? Oh, that Is
I too good to bo true. You must be something of that sort and make my Joking, Jack!" fortune In a month or two. One never knowt
be worse.'
V
1
r
"That this man Folder is at tin hot t -,m of i in- affair?
"indeed, 1 do
i was never more serious. But I Any way, things might | want you to promise not to say a
single word to anyone about my
...	, having been in this room or taking
tho girl admitted, though in a U>,u;|this stuff—not even to your mother, which betokened that she doubtedmay make the difference of a it, but 1 dont	want	a fortune; I	thousand pounds	to me—to	us—If
only want you.	South	Africa is so	yOU do, and delay	my making you
lar oil and so	many things might	jyr8< Hornsby for two or three	years
happen to you.	Must	you really	instead of us many	weeks, as I	shall
lea\o England?	Ido if this turns out. as I expect.
Unless I wish to starve in it, | i>on't be surprised if i bring in a was the bitter reply. I cant find | friend next Friday morning, when 1 an opening anywhere here; but I nlI1| shall want you to let us secrete our-ttssured that men of my trade are in ! selves in Mr. Forder-s room before lie
great demand out them.”
Poor .lack,' said the girl, sym-ijnuy sv0 exactly what he docs, un-pnthctirnlly, I will bo brave snd known to him. Mind, Ethel, not a patient for your sake/	I	whisper of this to anyone. 1 shall
Spoken like a true English girl, I not mention it again till next Friday he replied. I m proud of my though 1 guess you'll sec enough of Who on earth is that?" ho asked, injme before then surprise, us heavy, laboring foot
merits. His office became raon who desired to
Jack added.
He is i h« i ogue who is doing it, and ho alone what you said about his the coins (to guard against infection, indeed), and having so much of those two acids, which, combined, will dissolve gold, I tumbled to it. directly, and only had to inform tho police, giving them the liquid that 1 took from Feeder's bottle (which the found to be gold in solution) this is the result—plus a thousand pounds for you and me, deni the hundreds of pounds in gold Fonder Imd control of each week; what was easier, when he come here from
A f ter
Y—yes; I suppose they might
washing
\
t
\
an
RENO WAIST
This waist is a simple blouse made over a fitted lining. The collar of luce is extended into the velvet straps that arc laced over and under each other, and caught to position by frequent tacking. Old rose, pastel blue, or leaf green cloth will 6d. In tho morning, but develop a charming waist with trim-was replaced at the hour of closing ming of black ribbon and cream by a new notice which read £720 lace.
IBs «'Ul. By Thursday tho affair wus Quantities of material required — in tho papers, and on Friday tho Tho size for Iff years will require dally balance was the topic of the one and three-fourths yards of goods town. All day long on Saturday a forty-four inches wide, one-half yard crowd stood at the big window and of all-over lace and six yards of vel-dlsciissed Air. Uullainc’s balance of vet ribbon. The size for 16 years
£1,260 7s. 8(1.1
ments thereon.
At tho hour of closing n new notice proclaimed that Mr. Ballaine had £ 1,409 IBs. lid. therein, and some we g in the crowd gravely passed his hat, saying : "Idol's make it even money I" Oil Monday morning Mr. Ballaine was surprised to And that someone had left n deposit of one penny for him, and that his balance stood at an even £1,600.
During the second week Mr. Bal-lalnc’s bank balance climbed more slowly ; but every increase was hailed with delight by the crowd in front of the window, who knew neither Mr. Ballaine nor the secret of his peculiar advertisement, yet who thoroughly enioyed both.
Not till Wednesday of tho second week did the notice in the window credit Ballaine with £1,600. Then a man in the crowd offered to bet a hundred that it would touch £2,000 by Saturday. For n moment the crowd thought lie must to Ballaine, and guyed him unmercifully; but someone recognized him as a city sporting man, and his bet was not taken.
Thursday was the tenth of the month, and Mr. Ballaine evidently paid a few bills, for on Friday the balance in the window went down to £1,186, where it hung till the close of business of Saturday. Then the clerk put up a new notice, and so the eager crowd cheered when it read—£2,200 10s. 4d.
On Monday morning a portly man, ruddy of face, grizzled and grumbling, pushed into the crowd and read tho notice. With a grunt of disgust he entered the hank. The cashier recognized him os one of his heaviest depositors, and greeted him pleasantly.
Set
returns from the hank, so that we
the bank with it until his trail started, than to tip tho lot into ai itcid hath for a while, and then wasl them and make them dirty again 114 though they had never been tamper ed with?
"The blue-green fluid I took so** of is the gold in solution, the mette dissolved by the acids, and it woull be simple enough for Fonder to sell ii as chloride of gold or bring it barf to the metallic state again the rascal must have made £ 10 o>
,	,	. .	.	. , . .	£50 a week out of the game!"
"After that option has expired,"	"Yes;	but	why docs	he come here	So the next Friday morning, about >V<?Vdrv	the	coin* nutcl! It	it l
said Mr. Penny, "you can frame it	instead	of getting back	to the works	9.30, Ethel Churchill admitted lier	i)OXWOO(1 LwJi.st like iewehers us.
and hang it in your office. Keep immediately?"	lover and his companion, and leading y ,	wouldn't take the coin
your cheque. You will need it."	"Why.	because	he has to got in	them up to Fordorle room there left	^	and	wi/	them	drv	in
Ballaine raced back to his office, here by	the 10.9	train, and after he	thorn, though not without some mis-	st£..,	, V '	Hnsh l off	tm.	Z1,
and then, iwlth the option and cer- lias done his business at the bunk Livings as to what it all meant and .in11',,,.	1,!
tain abstracts and title, went to the the first train he can return by , what the result would be. The two '	, 1,iu‘.' ,,'L WPr?
general manager of the company he	doesn't	leave	till 11.47,	which means I	m(m secreted themselves in a large	,lrv „...,	,,
had been In treaty with to report	over an	hour	to wait.	So he said if	cupboard occupying the whole of a	/	, ,	the	lettering to	mata
progress. The manager, when he saw wo didn't mind he might just as well rocess in the wall, which afforded , ‘	aith
the pai»ers in all their delightful come hack to his rooms and do a lit- ! them ample room and even conceal- .	rou.up. In,i ,v linl
=%&' jssssrjs. nrs.,^ “irr;	zs «“• b » ^ .......................
business settled, the young man re- "I set*. So he goes in for photo- opened. The superintendent bored <ir -----------------------
turned with vouchers and documents ; graphy,	does ho?	Curious for a fel-	several tiny holes in the wood, so as
proving preliminary sett lements, and low like	him to have such a hobby— |	to command a view of the room and
suppose he’s a bit of a faddist, you never told me of this before
"Not Just yet," said Ballaine. "Not till my commission for selling your land to the Croat Eastern has been paid to me."
"I)o you want to ruin me ?" demanded Mr. Pen fly in well-assumed alarm.
Having made a few arrangements steps were heard descending the j jn connection with the postponement
j-	I or abandonment of his voyage
I ho girl waited until she heard (he Hornsby next visited tho su*pcrin front door slammed before replying, tendent of tho police of Norther ton, "Only Mr. Fordcr."	and at the conclusion of a lengthy
"Fordor ! What's ho doing hero at | private interview with that official this time of the day when ho ought : ieft in his charge the bottle of fluid
to bo nt the works?"	| ho had taken from Fortier’s room,
"Oh, he comes in to the hank ev
stairs
said Ballaine
"A moment ago "you declared that I could not sell. Now you are afraid I can. Your change of sentiment is a compliment, mi bowed.
Why
will require two yards of goods forty-four inches wide, with one-half yard of loco and seven yards of velvet ribbon.
and passed com-
And the young man
speculation, and arrived safely at tho facts.
II
Tho story as told in the "Record" was widely read.
It related tho coming of Mr. Balia ino to town, where he opened an office as a solicitor, and proceeded to get himself known. Without waiting for business to come to him, ho went about making business, and with the small capital given him by his father on which to begin life lie bought and sold, and at the suiuo
time made friends, and studied men planted tho papers down for and things.	Pcnny a inspection.
Then he met the charming Misa The old gentleman .was much surPenny, only child of Penny the pro- prised, but he signed his deeds and motor, Penny the owner of shares accepted his price without a murmur, and financial interests galore, n man "Miss Penny's dower," said the
of quick temper, who took delight in	"Record," in	conclusion,	"is said	be a hit of a faddist
a business encounter with a strong	on good authority to he	a quarter	you think he did one day, a few
mind. With Miss Penny the young	of a million.	That means	that the	weeks ago, when the smallpox ecare
solicitor prospered ; but with Mr. Ballaine Bank Balance will shortly	was about?"	a large and well-filled	pocket-bag
Penny tho sign never seemed to be take another jump."	'I can’t guess.	Something	won-	from which he poured	literally
right.	But the public never again saw derful?"	shower of gold coins.
In the quiet of his office the young that balance on the window.—Lon-	“Why, he disinfected all the money Next he took up a large ebonite
solicitor planned assaults on the don Answers. ^	he had to take back to the works. I tray and poured into it some liquid |#c
father, having already won the	----- had to give him a message, and as from one of the bottles, put in as
daughter's blushing permission to do	* TALE OF LONG AGO.	*10 didn't, respond when I knocked I many coins as would cover the sur-
Ho knew that the battle must	opened the door, and there he was, face of the tray.	Then taking an-
be a commercial one, but as the	Whenever a	new soldier	appearc-i	washing such a huge pile of gold	other	tray,	and	yet	another,	he serv-
weapons were all on his adversary's	*rJ tho Guard»	of Frederick	the Great	coins in a black tray. The smell of	ed	them	in	the same	manner	until	no
side he figured that lie must cap- of I russia it was the habit of the	the stuff he washed	them	in	was hor-	more gold was left
ture Mr. Penny with Mr. Penny's King to ask him the three following	rid—it made me cough."	the table beside the tray» ami whist
own ammunition. That took nerve, questions :
hut nerve was nothing to young "How old arc you ? How long Ballaine. .	ha\o you been in my service ? Are
The scene between Mr. Penny and you satisfied with your pay and tho young Ballaine, when tho latter treatment ?"
asked for Miss Penny, was one of	H m M
the most delightful conflicts of the French soldier, who had served in former's business career. Mr. Penny his own country, Expressed a wish heaped up conditions which ne felt to join the Prussian army, and beware tho young man could not satis- cause of his splendid physical defy, and as Ballaine met them one by vciopment he was at once accepted, one tho elder man warmed to the Ho was unable to speak a single contest. He rather enjoyed being word of tho German language, but bested in the preliminaries, as he his captain told him that the King
' was certain to ask him questions in that language tho first time he saw him, and advised him, therefore, to learn by heart the proper replies to the usual three questions of His Majesty. The soldier lost no time in learning them, and on the first day that he made his appearance in the
fl.
At this moment Mrs. Churchill having learnt what had happened came into the room, wringing ho hands at the disgrace that had com upon her house
coughing from the fumes of the nr it , which permeated the rooms and re entering the room locked tie* viling Forder, bemoaning in the Fan* door—he did not intend risking a so- breath the loss of the money he pail corn! interruption from his landlady s f|ie apartments and the ruinât jot pretty daughter. Placing his bag on ¦ of ,10r furjliture. a chair he unlocked it and withdrew
Mr
But all going on inside it.
They had not long completed their "Didn't 1? Oh, well; I never think preparations before Forder staggered of anyone or anything else but you [upstairs under his precious burden, when you are with me Yes; Mr. Forder must, us you say,
for what do
and alternate!
.Jack dear
and
"A pretty penny this will cost me* she wailed "to say nothing of losinj a such a good paying lodge:
ever we shall do now L don’t know/ i do, then, my mother-lhat-is-to ’ said .lack, drawing Ethel's am through his own and going over t« the old lady
live with us, happy and free frou lodgers and all their worry.
"Thanks to Ethel. I’m richer by *
What
You will come un«
He then sat on
j thousand pounds for this morning:
work; so the Norham Castle will ^-li led a tune, kicking his heels against )o South Africa without the table leg the while, and occasion-	nn(j j wp|
ally gave the coins in tlu* trav a % should think you could muling*» t« shake-up. For a considerable time he allowed them to remain in the
"What an extraordinary tiling for him to do!"
me. a nc married in—oh.
Yes
he said that no doubt I should think it so, but that he dreaded smallpox, and ns one never knew where money had been he couldn’t rest until ho had disinfected it, because he had to handle it all at the works, and it had been proved that coins will readily transmit disease germs from one person to another."
be ready Monday fortnight, couldn’t you, dear?”
Yes, Ethel thought she could—and did!—London Tit-Bits.
It once happened that a young
liquid; then, taking the first trays he had filled, he poured the fluid it contained into a large bottle, similar lo those which had so attracted TTorns-
Hood morning, Mr. Penny.”
Good morning. I heard about your remarkable window, and came to have a look. Strikes mo ns being ridiculous. I don’t see how you came to allow it," said Mr. Penny, removing his silk hat and wiping a moist brow.
"Mr. Ballaine obtained permission felt sure of the main issue, from tho manager,” replied the Character ? The young man naro-cashicr, smiling.	ed the best men in town as his ns-
"llo did, eh ? Who is this man | sedates. Family ? The Ballaine»
were known in Yorkshire before "A young solicitor. Very bright ; Penny» were coined. Prospects ? Tho fellow, quite original in his methods, j young man had his profession, some This plan was his own. He brought real estate, mining stocks enough to enough influence to bear through his paper a boarding-house, three thou- [ ranks Frederick approached him to friends to obtain the necessary per- sand in the bank, and a nerve that | interrogate	him.	It	mo	happened,
mission from the powers that be. 1 was worth iiftecnpenco to the shil- j however,	that	tho	King	begun	with
It has proved	a	remarkable attrac-1 ling. Out of the question ?	Not at the second	question first, and asked
all ; the girl loved him, and	he was [ him j—
"Friends, eh	?	Who were they ?" | merely calling on her father	to ar-
The cashier enumerated some of j range matters.
"No young man can marry my daughter till he has £10,000 of his I young man
"	j Him youth sufficiently indicated
What will you take j that ho hud not carried a gun for
any such length of time as that,
by’s attention.
This was enough for the superintendent, and, giving Hornsby, he stepped out of the cupboard up to Forder and said:—
"I arrest you for----"
Before ho could say more Forder snatched up one of the trays contain-
a n d
Was about to hurl tin- contents in its headquarters at 04 Pall Mali, re-the policeman’s face when n side blow ! stricts
from Hornsby felled him to the-entrance fee is £30, and the annual ground. The acid fell sizzling on the subscription is 10 guineas. The lie-floor, burning and eating its way in- form Club, located at 101 Pall Mall, to everything, while the gold coins K.W., takes 1.400 members who pay rolled in all directions. Rushing for- nn entrance ff-c of £10 and an onward before the prostrate man had j	nual subscription of lo guineas. The
time to rise the superintendent snap-	Carlton, of course, is conservative
ped handcuffs on his wrists, and thus ‘	and the Reform is elftoied as
keeping guard directed Hornsby to	"strictly liberal." The Constitution-
"f guessed. I used to dabble a bit wash the coins to prevent further nl Club, in Northumberland avenue, at chemistry in the science class dur- chemical action taking place on them opposite Hotel Victoria, takes 6,000 ing my	school	days.	But	what	a	and put them back in the bag.	mem lx is, has an entrance fee of 15
funny	thing	for	an	amateur	photo-	Jack was next despatched for the	guineas or 7 guineas, and an annual
grapher to have large quantities of nearest constable and a cab. When1 subscription of 7 guineas or !1 chemicals like that, which are prac- the latter arrived the superintendent I guineas. It is described as "politi-tirnlly unused in photography. Very unceremoniously bundled his prisoner cally constitutional.” Then there is powerful acids, too—mind you don’t into it and so conveyed him to the the «Junior Constitutional, ut 101 touch them, dearie—for combined,"police-station, assisted by the con- Piccadilly, which takes 5,500 meia-they form—Phew!" and, as a sudden stable, who took charge of the bag hers, and requires an entrance fee o! thought struck him, .Tack gave vent ; of money containing the liquid that 6 guineas, with an annual subset ip-
you got to-day’s Daily Press’ in the Meanwhile Jack tore up the ruined ! house?"	carpets into which the acid had soak-
" Perhaps Mr. Forder has left his; ed and throw them out of the wiill'll go and see. Oh, yes; here it is," dow, just as Ethel Churchill—amazed and she handed it to her lover, who, and- thoroughly frightened at the turning the paper about until he turn events had taken, and horrified found a particular paragraph, cum- at Folder's dreadful oaths as
menced to read	it with the greatest !	vainly tried to escape from	his cap-	the Hotel Métropole, well known	to
interest.	lorsA-ushed into the room	crying:—	all American travellers. There	ere
Ethel Churchill waited patiently "Jack, oh, Jack, whatever is the many other political club#, such until her lover had finished reading matter? What is the meaning of it	the City Carlton,	the City	Liberal
the paragraph, and then with par- all? Why have those policemen tftk-	and	City	Conservati\e. the	Junior
donable Curiosity, asked for an ex- on off Mr. Forder?”	Conservative. the Primrose
planatlon.	"Come downstairs and I’ll explain” Stephens, the Eighty Club, etc. Ex-
"I can't explain anything	for a lit-	said Jack, leading her down. "Now	chitling certain clubs, such zs	the
tic while, Ethel;	not until	I’m more	listen to this," and taking	from hta j	Colonial, which lune no limit.	to
sure of my ground. Now. I want I pocket the cut-out paragraph which	their membership,	t he	National	11	ii>
you to let me have a look at Mr. had so interested him previously in	oral	takes	the largest	number.
Forder'e dark room’ as you call it. the ’Daily Press,’ he read aloud:— hen Host fees are those charged h> It is of extreme importance to you "Something akin to consternation 1,1,1	and M-M uy, Oxford nr.4
and mo. this matter. You cau come, reigns in banking circles and, in a, ( non i idgo, united li.i\. :sity, eavl too and see that I do no harm." smaller degree, at the Mint, on ac- --1 2: t l!rorm at £10, and t hi "Of course you can see it if you count of the enormous quantity of | wish," and slio led the now excited gold coinage in circulation which has j Jack upstairs to a spare room in been ’sweated’; that is, some of the which a water supply was laid on, metal taken from the coins, which while a number of dishes, large black are thereby made lighter and of cor-trays, and bottles containing liquids rcspondingly less value. TI were on the floor and shelves, togetli- ness of the matter may be realized with a wash-leather bag of saw- when it is stated that ns many ns dust. These «Jack ignored, paying ten grains of gold—which is roughly all his attention to two very large one-twelfth of a sovereign by weight
—worth nearly two shillings, born chemically abstracted from? an average, thousands of sovereigns, chiefly new | woman 181b
LONDON S MANY CLUBS
n nudge to gome of Them are Famous All
But does he do much photogra-
Over the World
phy?
"Yes, I should think he must, judging from the amount of chemicals and things he uses. You ought to see his ‘dark room,’ with all the big bottles and that in it. Mother is afraid of them, especially two big ones, holding a gallon each, I should think, one marked ’nitric acid’ and tho other—oh, I almost forget—‘hydro’ something."
"Hydrochloric acid?" «Jack sag-
London is the paradise of clubs. There are hundreds of them, and some of them are famous the world over. The Carlton Club, which has
Bnllaino ?"
ils members to 1,800. Tho
gested
tion to tho public."
"Yes, that’s it," the girl cried; "but how did you know what it was?"
"How long have you been in my service ?"
"Twenty-one years," answered tho
the most prominent of the young bittiness men of the city.
#'AI1 right
talist, with the air of a man had heard displeasing news. the young man comes in tell him he
wins
interrupted the capi-1 own in tho bank
That’s easy.
1 jwbapBPM—m—g
When | for your building lands, Mr. Penny?
Building lands were Mr. Penny’s j and llis Majesty, greatly astonished proud distinction. He had the bulk j said smiled, for he knew I of the best acres In Essex. Bal-	"How old are you ?"
what Bollalne’s "winning" meant, I laine was striking at the. very pearl j "One year, an t please your Ma and he reported tho conversation to | of the elder man’s possessions the manager.
But the crowd outside knew
and only gaped as at the sign. That day it
and re-
Thon he left the bank

Dm» cashier
No Jesty
Tho King, still further amazed, exclaimed :—
"You or I must certainly be bereft of our senses !"
The soldier, of course, taking this for the third question, and glad that said j tho ordeal was over so easily I want a ! plied
had ever succeeded in getting no-1 him to put a price on them.
"No joking," said the young man. How much ?"
Mr. Penny’s soul expanded in
one
l lion of 3 guineas or f> guineas The National Liberal Club Whitehall	place, S.W., takes 6,500
members,	who pay f> guineas an-
nually, but there is no entrance fe It is "strictly liberal
thing of this
dropped to £1,920 9s. 5d
rnnined there for ten days, when it I ecstasy us ho named a price jumped to £10,400 11s. 2d. That "I told you not to joke night the evening papers proclaimed the young man severely. 1 tho sale of Mr. Penny’s famous thirty-day option on that property riverside mansion for a fabulous ! Name a reasonable cash price." sum. and conveyed the interesting ' Mr. Penny know that the Great | treated as a madman at tho head of information :	I	Eastern wanted the land, but would my army," replied Frederick, great-
* ‘The deal was consummated by | not buy because someone, who held ly puzzledJH (| HHHUHH Mr. T. Fillmore Ballaine, a solicitor : a bit between the Penny acres and j The Frenchman, whose stock of in Essex Chambers, whose commis- j the railway company’s proposed i German was now used up, stood on this deal alone was £8,- station at Danville, would not sell. I quiet. Presently the King spoke to
| But Penny did not know that the j him again, whereupon the soldier
facing him had secured blurted out In French that he did much discussed not understand a single word of
him German. Tho King, who had been much annoyed, was now greatly amused, and, after urging upon him the necessity of doing fcis duty, left him.
at
an
re-
am! is tho
cheapest club in London heI is a palace on the embankment near
Its home
Both, an’t please your Majesty This is the first time I was ever
t
»
St
sion
480,
Next day many people looked up young man g ¦
At the big window of the Lombard an option on thejj III National, but there was no trace of, strip. The option had cost Mr Ballaine’s balance. In its accu»-’’ dear, but it was the key to the whole torced place hung a sign, which battlefield. So Mr. Penny, thinking road :	to tantalize the young man, named
"Assay Office. Values Paid for Gold a very reasonable figure.
Dust and Nuggets."	"I’ll take an option at that price
But the public had become curious, for ten days," said Ballaine.
And tho newspapers were worried "I want £2,000 for the option," into doubling their efforts at solving replied Mr. Penny. "I’ll give you a the puzzle; to no purpose, however, month to get that sum. When you as Mr. Ballaine frankly told the re- bring the cash I’ll give you the present atives of the press to "go to option."
Jericho," and Mr. Penny was the "That is fair," said Ballaine, ris-most silent man in Richmond. There ing to leave tho room, matters rctrfod for a time ; but when “Keep mo posted," shouted Mr. certain society leaders began giving Penny, as the younger man disap-rechcrcho five o’clock teas for Miss pea red through the door, ponnr tt* Society Girl on tho T *WI," touted the retreating "Daily Rarorf added suspicion to voice pleasantly. And then Mr,
Ihe
<
Junior Carlton at £38 17
KETTLE OUT OF A FARTHING.
A Birmingham, England, workman has produced a novelty in the shape of a kettle made out of a farthing.
He hammered the bronze coin till he had obtained a very thin sheet of metal, from which he fashioned a 01 complete and workable kettle, with a swing handle, removable lid, and water-tight body He can boil wa- bottles which were nearly filled with
ter in the miniature utensil and pour a blue-green fluid of a peculiarly it out through the spout»	pungent and offensive acid odor.
Mis. Bonham—"Not one .roman it n thousand marries the man sin
Mr. Benham—"She docsnl want to marry t she wants to mu other woman wai
Will
i
wains :
ROUS
tic Ifi
ghs. w and tnst *>f	»
The skeleton m it me
2 4 It)

_
_

###PAGE###4###

V I


i
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
THE EQUITY. shawville, may i5, 1902. Sylvester IV(achinery

We Lead in
with a full tine of
SHAWVTLLE
WARE-ROOMS
Cent’s Furnishings
^3
e)

Mao a stock of
ADAMS' WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES ami
EXPRESSES.
DOWSKLl/S WASHERS, WRINGERS amt LEADER CHURNS.
Our dusky* visngcd confrere of the Ouyon luminary flatters himself with idea that hiM recent unmerited strictures of the Trader’s Bylaw passed l>y the Council of this village, touched a raw spot in our anatomy, having reached this conclusion from the tone of the article devoted to his benefit in our issue of the first inst. Whit we said on that occasion, however, did nt “phiz upon the crustacean-coated William ! Those who, haring fortified themselves with recent editions of Webster’s Unabridged and fathomed the depth of thought expressed in our cofrere’s reply last week, w ill have difficulty in concluding how futile our efforts in attempting to ruffle the complacency of the man who moulds opinions, stone roads and tilings for the kina hearted people of Qnyon We admit the
the
Just Received !
A Car-load of
The Celebrated Gray
Carriages
Our Men’s Serge Suits at $6.00 in Blank and Navy are Extra value.
*
Ware rooms next door to D. McRae 8 shop
A Call Solicited
R. J. HAMILTON.
For Gent’s Hats, Shirts, Neckties, Shoes, Hosiery and Underwear, this is the place.
P. g. Hay Forks
no
JUBILEE CHIMES
V No. 32335, A. T. R.
Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll by law staggered him a bit, and appeared to him as a rather far-fetched and high handed proceeding. But of course, h# never heard of such
gn	iii t IHIHMHHHHHH
Almonte, Smith’s F alls, etc., etc , whore traders' bylaws are iu force, and where gpgggggHgE transient traders are charged a fee of $250 to hang out their shingles. Our friend should take a little exercise outside of his own antiquated do<»r-y ird and then perhaps he would he better qualified to discuss a matter, which after all, we repeat is none of his business. His assertion that the object of Shaw-ville's bylaw is to “bunco the taxpayers of Pontiac” show» hat he either wishes to deliberately misrepresent or, with all his vaunted wisdom, he is in blissful ignorance of what ho is talking about.
aqd Buggies
Standard Bred aqd Registered.
Give us a call and convince yourself.
Sired by HAWLEY CHIMBS No.liVttIK Time. 2.10. Dam. Velveteen ; time 2 31 J. by Glencoe Goldust, No. 5823.
J ubillee Chimes will stand for the nor-vice of Mares nt Shaw ville during the season of 1902, health permitting.
Tbkms :—For the season $10, payable at time of service with privilege of return if
All mares at own-
hamlets as Renfrew
MACFARLANE BROS.
in some cases
Drop in and have a look at these stylish rigs before placing your Spring orders.
o
horse is my property er's risk.
L. DUMAS,
At McGuire's Hotel,
Shawvllle
SMART & SMITH.
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL !
Deer and IRoose.
CLARroller mills r “8
All well disposed persons are expected, and it is their duty, to assist the Game Warden in protecting the deer and moose zn	during close season.
On the third reading of the Georgian Many are humanely doing so now, but Bay canal bill in the House of Commons more could and should do It out of kind-Wednesday laat, Mr. Tarte moved ness to those harmless and beautiful aid*
ïïïüSïï.':-1*:- £« tarSS
41 The company shall not exorcisa Ue an(j by whom, and if by more than one power under the act in respoct ta the person, give the names of all. section from Lake Nipissmz to the ZIt is better but not necessary, that you Georgian Bay, otherwise called the should give your name, unless you wish
French River section, until and unless t0AlVcAoWspondence>strictly private and anorderoftheGovenor-General inLouncu evidential. Address, shall pass authorizing the same. "
4iWe should be very careful, ’ Mr.
Tarte said, "In granting clnrteis, especially when we have tu deal with our rivers and waterways, and the French River and Like NipUsing can no more be called a canal than 1 may be called the Pope or the King of England. The French River G eia entially a navigable and deep waterway, and were it not that this company had already hr en granted a charter and advertised that great waterway I would net consent to give them a charter at all now. I would not undertake to say that a waterway 20 feet deep to the St Lawrence can be easily ob ained from Lake Nipissing , as my department hai nosurvey of the Mittawa and of the Ottawa rivers, but I have a complete survey of the FrencbjRiver, and if parliament makes up its mind to grant a contract for it there will be little to be done before tenders can be called for it.
I feel ihat this country must keep t ir control of the French River. Tnis clause which I am eugge ting does n >t p’f d je u* to anything, bat it gives us mure freedom.
If the Governor-in Council later on bt-lieves that this company cttVrs suffi aietr guarantees tj go on wi:h tho woi k an Order-in Council will decide it, but if nut we might later on come to parliament and ask for an amount necessary to improve the French River so ms to make it a waterway 20 feet deep. "
Mr. Belcourt, as having charge of the
bill, stated that thoie who aaked him to The ^artncrsliip heretofore existing be
consent to the amendment proposed by un(jpr the name, style and firm of George the minister of public works.	VVnlsh & Son, has been this day dissolved
Continuing he said :	by mutual consent. The business of said
44 I cannot help indulging in a little partnership shall be continued by said
BSS5EEE-
friend, Mr. I oupore, who so ab.y repre | ail debts due to said partnership, santed the county of Pontiac, and myself Given at Hull this thirtieth day of April brought this subject to the attention of A. D„ one thousand nine hundred and the House. But	so much for the | two
purpose of congratulating Mr. Poupon* and myself that I rise, as to express the great satisfaction and pleasure that I
in seeing tho progress which this project I the port cf Montreal has made since 1808. I am delighted to	mmm
Georgian Bay Canal
^-FURNITURE.
on
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as man ufacturers of High Grade Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No, sir !
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
XVe have a large stock of Flour
N. MoCUAIG, Provincial Game Warden
i
highest price for it	¦
and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right
P. S.-Article 1103a of the Game Laws, important to whom it may concern, reads as follows :
“ No person owning, having or harboring any dog accustomed to hunt and pursue deer shall allow such dog to run at large, hunt or course in any place inhabited by deer, between the first day of No vein her of one year and the twentieth of October of the following year, under penalty of a fine of at least $5.00 and not exceeding $25.00.
Any one may. without incurring any responsibility, kill any auch dog found running at large, hunting or coursing in such locality between the above mentioned |
dates.—1 Ed
JAMES WILSON.

UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
THE FAVORITE
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE. | THE SHAWÏILLE
SASH and DOOR
VII, C. 12, s. 4
fRESH ARRIVALS
Female Teachers
Wanted.
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
IN
WAIITMAN’S.
Four Teachers wanted for No. !. No. 2 No. 2 and No. ?. Separate Schools. Muni oipality of Bristol, County of Pontiac, holding a First Class K. Diploma. Appli cations to be in the hands of the under signed on or before the 15th June 19U2.
HKNRŸ GALLAGHER,
Secf-Treaa., Ulengyle, Que
FACTORY
\
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
AT THE
Is again built up
("3 ash Store,
and
NOTICE OF DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
ready for business.
STARK’S
CORNERS.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING ::	:: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
\ full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin.
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
G. E. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mould-Insrs, Turnings, Etc., will bs kept hand and Custom Work done as usual.
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
GEORGE WALSH (In triplicate) II It. WALSH.
on
THE MARKETS.
-	-	when we finding him assigning first placo
to the Canadians not only among the
¦¦¦
Scams |E55xH Sris
--AÏd°thê T P. R., " shouted some	in	E“tern lnd We"ern	,
blMrb(’Sredenied that any such motive	1 .	. T" tT .	0re*1 Britam and her ooloniei cover
MAnrttA him	An Australian Tribute.	more territory than any other nation, the
Mr. Clarke endorsed his colleague's	~~	extent of the h n|»«r* being 11,288,277
stand and protested against private Many fluttering things have been srd square miles. Russia come# second with ownership of waterpower# along the | about the dash and courage of the Cana	8.644,100 square	miles	;	China	third,
yne v	dians who have taken part in the war iu	4,234,910; France	fourth,	with 3,944,-
Mr Tarte explained by the clause he South Africa, but probably the finest 072; and the United State fifth, with wished to be Wded the" Georgian Day , tribute to these countrymen of ours that 3,690,822.
Canal Company would have no rights been published is a description by J. A Aniericsn 16-inch gotu will be short-over the French River section without H. M. Abbott, late corporal of the 1st consent of the Governor-in-Council. He | Australian Horae, who aeryod for the •aid the moment the French River work two first years of the conflict, and has was begun there would be 20 or 30 large I written a moit interesting and readable lake vessels built. Moreover the Grand ; book, giving/ the impressions which it Trunk has decided to settle in Midland ; made on him. As an Australian, he and Montreal, so that both great 1-nes | would naturally he inclined to bn partial would be combining their eff rts to feed ! to his own countrymen, consequently
SILAS YOUNG.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 68 to 75o. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to $3.90 Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 t-o 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per buah. Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 10 to lie. Butter, per pound, 14 to 15c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 10c. Pelts, each, 00 to 00c.
Hides, $4.50 to $5.00.
Calfskins, 30 to 40 cents each.
ROBERT C. IjODCINS.
OHAWVILLE’S
v MEW
Here it is ! The Place
SASH and DOOR
à
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware. 1
OTTAWA
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
“ pails, 18 to 20c. per lb,
Eggs, fresh, 13c. per doz.
Potatoes, 30c. per bag.
Lamb, 6 to 10c. per lb.
Mutton, 0 toOe. per lb.
Beef, 51 to 8c. per 1 b.
Pork, $7.25 to $9.00 per 100.
Oats, 47 to 49c. per bushel. Hay, $6.00 to $9.50 per ton. Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
impairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first class work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage iu the past. I shall look forward to a future In créa»# in business.
It ia announced that the Wolvin syndicate has purchased thefleet of the Prescott Elevator Company, consisting of eight barge: and a tug. The price was about $90,000.
It is now estimated that the three wheat exporting States of Australia have only produce 35,819,000 bushels as a-galnst 45,400,000 bushels for the previous season.
ly tested at Sandv Hook. It will throw a 3,0001b. projectiles distance of 21 miles. This will require 1,000 pounds of powder for a charge.
¦I
Shawvillo.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
proprietor
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
Finance Minister Fie ding has brought down eupp’ementariee totalling upwards of $4,600,000.

###PAGE###5###

THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
«18.
mi
A Weekly Journal devoted to Loom: Interests.
FU»L18H1D EVERY THURSDAY
AT 8HAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, WE. fiVB8Q*IPTt9N-tt.OO 4 YEAH IN ADVANCE.
No paper itopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with Ihe publisher.
FINE SHOWING OF
SUMMER DRESS STUFFS.
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Rooms.
m
Meets the 4th Wedne* day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor* dlaTly Invited.
H. 8. BAMiiarr.r.8
A. SMILEY, Prop.
L.B.l
J. A. Cowan, R PI



John Brcrrtt, 0. R.,
:o:
The Kind tljat Gets all tlje Cream :
The Improved
ADVERTIHINU RATES I
HAWVILLE
HAVING PARLOR,
JO)|N SMITH, Proprietor.
s
The beauty and elegance of these Summer Dress Fabrics baffle description. They must be seen to be appreciated, and it is well worth a visit to the Store if only to have a peep at these beautiful materials. Without a doubt the finest showing we ever made is now on view. No lady should think of buying without first seeing our assortment.
Legal advertising, eighteen ta per line for (1 iiit Insertion and four cent# per line for faflh subsequent Insertion.
Wualoeas card» not exceeding one Inch Inserted al HOD per year
Local announce ment* Inserted at the rate of I cents per A ne for flrat/uiwrtlon and 5 oauti for Nubwt<uent Insertion!
. i

4
I
t
V.
The spot for—
Commercial advertising t»y the me for longer pericj# Inaerie i at low whloli will be giving# Nsplieailon.
Advertise menU\ocel^d without Instructions accompanying thfm will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 lehed free of charge. Obituary poetry three cent# per line.
ontII: or . rates,
A FashionABLg Hair Ctrr, Good Shampoo, or A Clkan Shavc.
U. S
AT Your Turn ne it.
GEO. HYNES,
Cream Separator
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executod. orders by mall promptly attended to.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLB, - - QUE.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
I English Mercerized Dress Sateens :
Dark ground* only ; Spots and Floral design* ; BO inches wide special.... 15cts.
—Applique Lace
is very
Applique Lace. These are selling extra quick. Seo them.
RECEIVED COLD N|EDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
A select range of Dress Muslins, including Stripes, Dimities and Figured Batiste ; those make dainty summer or
Business Cards.
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
:	N. Y , last summer. : :
MEDICAL.
evening gowns ; all the very newest color -
10c. to 25cte.
Our stock
complete in the new
DR.
ings. Price per yatd.
White Swiss dotted Muslins, extra tine
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by James Cuthberteon, opposite the Exhibition grounds. *
MAIN ST.,
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons. Telephone In office.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of tho « U. g,”—the best machine made—at our warerooms.

10c. to 35c ts
quality, per yard.
White India Linen—nice evou weave-suitable for summer and evening Blouses
Lovely neck-wear novelties that sell regularly at 20c. per yard, to clear per
, lOcts.
EAST.
yard.
• • •
• #
# # e
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau's,
Ladysmith
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnish ings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dar and night.
Another Tempting Offer :
and dresses. This line is especially afc-
..15c. to 30cts.
A reversible Tafatta Bibbon, three and a half inches wide, in pale Blue, Cateleya, White, Azalée, noyai and Black. A splendid selling line this season, and worth 25cts. yard, going here at 20cts. per yard.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M,
tractive. Per yard
set
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of victoria University, Toronte. Fellow by examination of Trinity Mod. College, Toronto. Ovnc* a*d RsHinKxm • J. H ARM.-rrsmta'a Houss, MAIN HTRKBT • - 8UAWV1LLM.
District and Country.
Above lines on display this week

Potatoes are $1 a bnshel in the Chicago market.
Sceptre won the Two Thousand Guinea Stakes at Newmarket.
Premier Rablin left' Winnipeg laat Wednesday for Carleland and the coronation.
Hon. Mr. Mulock will make a round the world tour after the coronatio»cere-
mony.
P<incest Radziwill sai convicted on the chsrgo of foigery ani sentenced to two ytars* in prison.
Chancellor Boyd has agreed to act as arbitrator beteweu the Canadian Pacific Railway Company and the tracks rue n.
The steamship Bulgaria, from Hamburg and Cologne has arrived at llalifix with over 2,000 immigrante on board.
A vote of $30,000 is proposed for the eipenses of the coronation contingent and $20,000 for Sir Wilfrid and the min* isters.
The fourth monthly instalment of the Chinese war indemnity, amounting to 1.820,000 taels, wa^pnd at,Shnnghai lait
WddUdS'Jny
A psniu in » Pailadtflpliia cigar factory r«»gulrcid in the death *»f 8 giris and the injuring of tso score others, three of whom wi.l die.
Great Northern of Canada.
Trenton, N. J.. April 30. -The Great Northern of Csnida Consolidated company, with a capital stock of $100,000, 000, was incorporated yes'erday to op-erato railroads in the Northwest. Tne incorporators are Benjamin P. Moore, John McNaughton and Arthur L Meyers. The registered agent of tho company ia the Corporation Trust company, of 15 Exchange Place, Jersey City. Ac cording to a report which accompanied the filling of the charter tho new paoy is backed by James J. Hill and the Northern Pacific and Canadian Pacific railroads. The specific purpose of the corporal ion, according to thie report, is to construct a railway from Duluth, Minn., to Dawson City, Yukon territory. The plan, as outlined, is to bring freight to Duluth from a great area in the Northwest heretofore tapped by no railway and to load it on boats at Duluth for shipment to eastern points and Europe. A rge portion of the projected line, it is said, will be through a wilderness, in some cases hundreds of miles from any other railway. It ia further asserted that the coat of construe tied will be considerably in excess of $100,000,000. These reports lack positive confirmation.
Town Destroyed by Volcan»
LEGAL.
P.8.—llcts., Cash or Trade, paid for Eggs.
J
D. LECUERRIER,
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Brr-sou ou Weducsday, Thure-,l»v and VrwUv ûf CVCTV WCük. Oltlce at
Headquarters for
ill visit lirysou ou w e<i uve day and Friday of everv wee R. MoC. Ritchie’s residence.
G.F.HODGINS
UP-TO-DATE GOODS
9
B0ÜRBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
P. S.—Commencing May 5th this store will close at 6 o’clock, p. m., MONDAY, WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY of each week.
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Re.,
Bourn 20, Trust BuiMing^No. 48 Sparks
At Bhawvllte, second and fourth Thurmiay
of each month.
Office-over G. F. Hodgtns' Store, Main 8L
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
" LADYSMITH.
ACCEPT ONLY
advocate, barrister. &c #
OF THE PROVINCE OF QtTBBHO,
V INDIA % PALE
j. f. asMTAtr • •
Tr“t
Phone No. 1324.
Attends court# of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.	______
Fishing Nets
ALE
(LONDON)
Brewed with exceptional care and watchfulness until just the right bony
and flavor are obtained. Ils flavor is the true flavor of good malt and hops.
entire satisfaction that it is
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L,
ADVOCATE, dec.,
LAW CHAMBERS }
correspondent#.
MAIN STREET, HULL, - - QUE.
.,..and . •.•
One case in your house will demonstrate to your the best table ale brewed. All dealers can supply you.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street, QUEBEC.
Fishing Tackle
Form of Service Approved
by King.
About Coach Horses
W. W. IRELAND,
0
London, April 30.—The form of the I	Of all l^lndS,
i McDougall & cuzner,
announced. It consists of twenty-six
distinct sections. The King and Queen HardWaM MOrCIlâXltS, "	"
will enter the great west door of West-	______
It is justly said that the recently introduced Coach Horses of France have proved to be a great acquisition to the horse stock of the United States. They have come rapidly into prominence among American breeders, and seem destined to fill an important place between the light road horses and the heavy draught breed-The French Coach Horses are high bred, combining the blood of English and American thoroughbreds with that of the Norfolk trotter. For two
Court.
. Deeds,
com
Clerk of the District Magistrates
Commissioner and Conveyancer Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
8HAWVILLE	OWE
s. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS. BRYSON, -Will be in Shawvllle on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
Sussex St. Ottawa.
minister Abbey, to which a large canopied approach is already being erected. m Archbishop of Canterbujy will They will be welcomed by the shouts of • e iceptre to the King, while the lord the King’s scholars, of Westminister the manor of workshop supporta the School, and by the anthem, ‘ I was glad Ki »a hand and a ring is placed on when they said unto me, We will go to Hjg Majesty’s fourth finger, the house of the Lord. Instead or go- Then will come the actusl crowning.--ing direct bo their thrones, the royal pair The primate will then take the crown will kneel in private prayer on footstools ^rom the *|tarLnd place it on the King Ed in front of their chairs Then the Arch- warda head, a fanfare of trumpets will bishop of Canterbury, the Most Rov. Fre- ^ ^nded, the guns, where guns are derick Temple; the lord high chancebr, etationed win are salutes.
Bail Halsbury, the lord great chamber The Archbishop of Canterbury will lain, the Marquis of Cholmondeley, and n($xt addreae the K ng, exhorting him to the garter king of arms, Sir Albert strong and of good courage, so that Woods, each in turn, will formally pre- ^ may rdCej?e the crown of righteous sent the King, the lords carrying the n6t§. the ^eTl wm put on their coronets regalia will step up and the dean of 8nd lhe presentation of the Bible having Westminister, the Very Rev. ueorg<>	made t^e King will be enthroned
Bradley, will place the regalia on the »	^	^ to the hitherto unoccupied
altar. The abbreviated litany and pray throne. Another solemn admonition from of the communion service will follow, the Archbimhop of Canterbury will in Then the archbishop will recite the foji0wed by marks of homage from the
Niccne creed, and the bishop of London. archblahop, bishops and peers. After
the Right Rev Arthur Warrington In- ceremony is completed the Queen gram, will preach a short sermon, dust wiH be crowned. She will be anointed cn before the ceremony the King who, up to the four peeresses holding a msg-that stage of the ceremony will have n,ficent pall over her; the King will put a been uncovered, will put on a cap of crim- -	00 faer finger, the Archbishop of
son velvet, trimmed with ermine. Then	york, the	Most Rev. Wm. Dairyrople
will come the oath taking,	after which	Msdsgan,	will place	the crown on her
the King will be anointed.	The Kings	head and	the sceptre	and ivory rod and
cap and crimson robe ai l	be removed	(iove	be placed in	her hands,
and four garter knights will hold over	payers will be offered, the peeresses
him a rich pall of silk» or cloth of gold;	t on $helr coronets and service will er.d
the dean of Wstmii iiter will pour ho-y wjtb the celebration of ths communion, oil into a spoon and the Archbishop of ^ Rin and Queen both partaking and
Canterbury will anoint the King, making the King presenting the bread and
the sign of the cross on the top of His Qn	the abbey Their Majesties
Majesty’s head, thus consecrating him wjjj djfect to Buckingham palace “ King over hie pejple, whom the Lord your G 'd hath given you to rule and govern." The King will then kneel and the dean of Westminister sill invest him with the super tunica.
Next will come the presentation of the •word of s‘ate, the standards and the spurs, and the rath will be placed in the King* right hand; he will be again divested of the crimson robe and will be enveloped in a purple rob» of state, and
PATENTS
era
PROMPTLY SECURED
QUE.
la
flJSSfil
Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS * EXPERTS
pMP§
ore
hundred yea;# the French government has maintained horse breeding establishments, where every effort has been used to keep up the highest standard. The total number of ate lions in these has greatly increased, until not less than 2,500 are owned by the Government. 8». Thomas, D.W.l , May 8.- The There is a class of “ approved ” stallions British steamer Roddaro, Captain Fiee- in the hands of individual owners. These man, which left St. Lucia Wednesday for include coach, draught, and other styles Martinique, returned to St. Lucia at 6 of homes. Of the government and ap-o’clock this afternoon. The Roddam proved coach horeei, nearly if not quite brings a report that the town of St. Pierre, all trace back by different lines to Bog-Martinique, has been totally destroyed as Ii«h thoroughbreds and to the famous a result of the volcanic disturbance in the Norfolk trotter Phenomenon, with an is’and. A'moat all the inhabitants of 8t. occasional dash of blood from the native Pierre are said to be killed. The Rod- Arabs, brought from the desert. With dam repo ti that all the shipping in tha these three for foundation ato-;r, a i y o port had a so been destroyed.	of horse has been developed which com-
Tho town of St Pierre, the c un merci#] bines symmetry, good sise and great nerve capital of the French Island of Matinique power, with stylish and graceful carriage, ii on the west coast. The port has only They weigh from 1.140, to 1,500 pounds, an open roadstead. The town has a have bloodlike heads, powerful shoulders population cf about 25,000.	and flanks, clean limbs, perfect feet and
The Is’and of Martinique is abont 40 style of action, which bespeaks their high miles long and 12 broad, the area being lineage. Many who are not acquainted about 380 square miles. It is very with the French Coach *fori*m*J mountainous, and ita inhabitants, who “ what is the French Coacher (1) He number about 100,000 (mostly blacks), il a firat-cîass coach and ca-nye hcrae. occupy about a third of the area along the (2) A first-class saddle horse for either There were six extinct volcanoes gentleman or lady. (->) A first-c an on the island, one with an enormous horse for she farm, as they ,.ive gtod erst*-. The capital Is Port Royal, but bone and muscle sufficient to perform St. Pierre was the capitis!.	anything that id reason ah ou d be requir-
The island ii a French possession and ed of a horse. (4) A hrit-class maiket administered by a governor in council.— horse. They are also bred for spec a, It has been occupied since 1035, a first many of them performing more than s task of the immigrants being to extin- possible for our American horses to do. - -«nished the native tribes. It passed many of them trotting a two and a hall under British control in 1794, was rester- mile race under saddle, carrying Ijo to ed to France in 1802, taken again in 175 pounds, at tho rate of 2:3l per m; eon
SHAWVILLE, Q. I18W, and again restored in 1814.	turf.
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
§M8S88

è
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
Ibt..
News of the War.
Reports Capture of 208 ot Most Irreconcilable Boers and Death of Ten Others.
Mrs C M. McLean,
Hood Accommodation. Table and Bai always well fuiolsbed.
EtRar-OLAtw Liveey Attached.
Linden, May 7—Further advices received here today from South Africa announced that 208 Boers had been captured and that ten burghers were killed in the neighborhood of Lind ley, Orange River coiony, yesterday.
lure of Boers near Lindley sail that the British troops forming a continuous Una left the Frankfort. Helibro n and Vredefort lire at dawn with wheels of any soft, and proceeded rapidly south, reselling the Kroonatat and Lindley neighborhood with the result announced.
Another British column holding the drifts westward of the country swept has not yet reported its results. The captured ¦Ml |ir-pre*tnt the most irreconcilable Beers in the Oracle River coiony,
v G.H.Doialdsn,
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
ud
JEWELLER
KIKN .
A SULBCT STOCK Of WATCHEti,
CLOCK*,
JgWELLKRT. 8ÏLVERWAR1
Ac. Ac.
wine
Lord Kitchener in
cap
7*
•oi

coast
m
Judge M rrinon cf Newfoundland Su prenien C.nrt, will resign, and lead a political party on the platform of annexation to Ghnaui»
Mr McBride made an all tight speech in the British C< lurobia Legislator» as a protest against the Government's intention to force the budget through.
1



¦ , •.

Kkfaikiüo-
a SracuLm*:
As
men
K

9678
###PAGE###6###
¦











PALE AND LISTLESS.
and cheap siding, run both up and I r- _ r„.u -___________w ...______
||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||(|ll||^[* ''	frost r TCO vaCAtlS eOT INOliiinQ
___	Tho root and foundation is the same You Caxmot Long Kooi a Womak	Tn tho dav< ot lho lnUlftn Ml,tlny
as for any silo, and the outside	was tho bar bar ou» custom of
A CONDITION	THAT	AFFECTS covering could bo of any sort the	When the white man wants the	many of the rebel chiefs to throw nil
VERY MANY	WOMEN.	owmjv wished, or it might go with*	Waclt mttn’8 land he approaches the	European» who were unfortunate
out siding, the same ns any other! ^Docent black	with " presentsM of	enough to fall into their hands	into
silo. If protected from the' beadB* colored	clothe, ribbons, and	pits containing	tigers, who,	of
weather the wooden hoops should I	otber melees trinkets that catch the	course, fell upon them and devoured
last for years, and if at anv time I	eye of the ^oor black—but that are	them.
the inside lining became “dozr" it no	U8e	to him. These are	A mother was	showing her	little
might be lined with tarred paper al1 " gifts -free—gratis—for . noth-	son a picture of	one of these	ter-
and then shooting, thereby making it I	*' 1 We all know who soon	riblo scenes, and was talking very
serviceable again for u number of	Vi0, bl,u k m&n 8 lantl-	solemnly to him, trying to make him
years at small cost:	ayate,n of conciliating the fvel what an awful thing it was.
It is impossible that a medicine can John Gould, the well known Ohio I !iuut'°nt 18 uot Practiced alone on Ma," said ho all at once—"oh, be so widely known and used ns are Dairyman and Farmer’s Institute	. ”ow m&ny women ma, Just look at that poor little
Dr. Williams’ Fink Villa without lecturer, who has soen a number of! ïïîi.	iVai1 6<>t a certain tiger right behind there I He won’t
ssufSaiJzrs'.srzx ps?&:* —srsr --r
ro.mj, tor ih. roumm. ..Ilmn.i. .1	F. W. HODSON.	lî.ll.-to'ïoUto, 11"”“».ÏÏÏ
Lwo Stock Commissioner. I ent may or may not be useful—but
in this twentieth century are there those who believe they have not in the purchase paid for and often dearly paid for the ” present”?
When you want a horse you cannot buy his teeth at ten cents a
tatotiw'blrwîin.hom thrown Ceylon Tea Is the finest •
When you buy a drees you do not Tea the WOrld produces, • buy the buttons, and have the dress thrown In.
I And no more than you can thus	I • I.
• get the present of a horse or a dress PUCKCIS#	!¦
a cen,/0lI 8«t a •• present --free- Black, Mixed and Green. • ¦
gratia—for nothing—of diamonds,
gold, Jewellery, and cutlery, with the *P*n tet drinker* try "Salada" Gees» j purchase of a bar of common soap.	^
When you buy Sunlight Soap you
are presented with pure quality in AEW USES FOR ALCOHOL
ssifü mm ### buja„i—
CZZ StAK SS. l”5 ZÆZ SSlJVïR!	........................ .. ....................
they skenred the poor livust out of a ! paid for nothin* but pure soap. If exhibition of tho industrial upplica-year's growth, it was u e Urn time you want something else than soap. , !°/ls of a c,° l<> ul tlorlin, openod in our town was visited by a genuine buy it Independently of the soap, and 1<1cbru,iry ot	Y^r, where were
femnlo Calliope, and v.o hope shell I you know what It has cost you. Hhown alcohol-driven motors for sta-come again."	| “ You may fool some people all the tl0,lary enSmcs M woJ1 *w for auto-
To., r; >«,	.... ss rr™ T^Za°lZT'*a,ON 00- TORONTO
of the time.'	utensils, such us flat-irons, heated by _^0Bsl&n,n8nt8 Solicited.
You cannot fool all the people all ftlc°hol; alcohol cooking ranges; ilithe time	candescent lamps for house or street
You cannot long fool a woman. 615 UKe. In which tho Welshach mantle is
combined with un alcohol flame; and many exhibits of chemical
Misplaced sympathy
tub
ua£
The Appetite Fails—Strength De . parts and the Sufferer Feels That Life is Really a Burden.


a±
Ql £4**/.
<
/tux// co deaf

CU

fYt.:u 'he Topic. Potrolea, Ont
4U

xnan and womankind being publish» I.
Mia Thus. Kettle, of Vetrolcm, Ont.,
•is a case in point. Mrs. Kettle is an old resident of this district and is well known, Chatting with a repotter of the Topic the other cloy the couver-
srs»s i .•sr- -
highest praise of Dr Williams' Fink1	f lh0
Fills, which, she said, had cured her
#*#*#*#
PAINT IIP Paint up #)ur house, your
¦	¦ Wl	building», yours barn», your
mm» gm g ¦ fence» with paint that paint» W tLL. *cll nnd looks clean and bright
in spite of the hot sun and storm
¦nanMB dr
hWhÆ RAMSAY'S MINTS
5

WESTERN CRITICISM
lhis is tho sort of criticism great singers have . to face when they warble in the presence of Wild West-
thorn
star of an opera
company
%%%%:%% ! rr. ss iwr-trtr
mother of twelve children and tn spite hound in distress. Again it rose In of the constant strain and worry the I mci|ow tones not unlike the wind raising of so largo a family entailed I dallying oxer the month of an empty Upon me, in addition to my house-"Work. I was for many years blessed
:
;

i
ms
are made from the boat pigments, pure oil and turpentine ; better than white lead, economical, easier to work, beautiful color», handy packages, and at the right price for the beat paints.
Drop us a card and ask for BOOKLET "K" FREK,
showing how some homes painted.
and Is sole' only In load I •
wear
more
*
\KJ\
Til
with splendid health. However, after I take wind, she
•the birth of my last child my strength tip-toes, amt ¦coined to fail me, and l felt that my tea 1th was gradually going. 1 consulted a doctor and continued under his treatment for some months, but the only result that i could see was that I grew steadily worse. I could mot name any particular ailment that 1 suffered from, but I was all “run down." My appetite failed me, my strength seemed all gone and 1 became pale and listless, scarcely able to drag psyself around, and much of the time In bed. 1 became alarmed at my long rontiimed ill health and as doctor's medicine had done me no good f determined to try Dr. Williams* Pink Fills, i purchased a box and thought It did me some good, so 1 got six boxes more, and before 1 had finished taking the second I felt a lot better, and by the time I had finished the seven boxes I had perfectly regained my health, had gained weight and felt better than l had for some years. I consider the pills a splendid medicine, a real godsend to weak and ailing ' women, and have frequently recom-tnended them to my friends and used them with my children, always with I ood results." et tie's healthy

to
\
I
are
i.
I
Eetib. 1841
otato
It you have any to sell let us have your prise, f.o.k, staling quantity
A LOSS.
The plutocrat—"1 am $100,000 richer than 1 was yesterday.*'
His wife over it."
You don’t seem happy
The finest mate bet la the wertdjmade from •eft eerliy pint, ami especially mutable for demettle wee-nut up In meet eliding
No
Everybody aak
I'm two days older
Eddy's Headlight
Parlour
Matches
llon-
Sulphurous.
Odorless.
Every Stlok— A Match
Every Match -A Lighter
preparations derived from alcohol. Although as a fuel alcohol has theoretically only three-fifths of tho heating value of petroleum, it has boon found that for motor purposes 28 per cent, of the theoretic energy of alcohol can be utilized as against only 15 per cent, in the case of petroleum.	;
•*-
for
172 species of blind creatures known
are constantly being discovered in great caves.

arc
to science, and many more
II
ft

eaeh be* oenUlwlng abeul sag match three beiee la t pack
BABY’S OWN TABLETS
Mother's Best Help When Her Little Ones Are Ailing.
LOMBAGO

fudging from Mrs appearance to-day
none would imagine she had ever I & medicine for her little ones known what a day’s illness meant. ! Ruby’s Own Tablets are the best Dr. Williams* Pink Pills are a posi- medicine in the world for constipait vv cure for all diseases arising firom 11ion Impoverished blood ¦battered condition of tin*
¦?stem, such as epilepsy, St. Vitus’ I The Tablets have been in use dance, paralysis, rheumatism, sciatl- years and thousands of mothers say fa. heart troubles, anaemia, etc. that nothing else acts so quickly These pills are also a cure for the * and relieves and cures little ones so ailments that make the lives of so surely. Mrs. R. 11. La Rue, Mountain
n constant misery. Ont., simply voices the experience of by druggists or sent by | other mothers when she says "I mail, postpaid, at 50 cents a box, or i can recommend Baby’s Own Tablets •lx boxes for $2.50, by addressing I to all mothers who have t* osa
Williams’ Medicine Co., I delicate children. 1 do
how I could get them.”
Children take the?e Tablets as readily ns candy, and if crushed to a jKiwder they can Ik? given with absolute safety to tho tiniest
GEORGIA PINE IS THE BEST | weakest babies. There is a cure
every Tablet and they avo guaran i
teed to contain no opiate or other
-, -n iv tt ^	„	* , harmful drug. You can get the
nlr. F. W. Hodson Tells How to | Tablets from any dealer in medicine
Make a Proper Building
for Silo.
E
%

i
All First O* Dealers.
Bvery mother needs at some time



A NOVA SCOTIA MAN HAS FOUND A SURE REMEDY.
There’s
been another engago-said young Mr. Dolloy, who had been reading news. "Oh, dear,**
Frocks,
And in a few minutes she was right in one.
, sour stomach,
or a weak or I diarrhoea, colic, simple fexers
the troubles
indigestion, and
of teething children.
• WPG 1197
ment,
the latest war sighed Miss I wish I could be in
i
nervous
Claims That Lumbago Can Cured.—He Himself Had Suffered for 25 Years.—Hope for Apparently Hopeless Cases.
Be
for
TMI MOST POPULAR DINTIPRIOB.
one
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
Economy Point, N.S.—May 5.—
(Special)—Mr. George S. McLaughlin, of this
found a remedy which will cure case of Lumbago.
Mr. McLaughlin himself has been a great sufferer with this disease, and has sought relief in very many treatments and remedies.	"A man is known by his works,"
pn, ttmtita ronrir	i At lnst however he came across a declared the irrepressible orator, who
ouiiLMiiiA 1*KOLJt.	medicine which completely cured him Was addressing a large and enthusi
An especially pretty design for lit- and which he claims any sufferer astic audience jn tIc Kivls. It has the wide turned- from Lumbago should be told of I K^s works," i over	sailor collar which so ndmir-	He	mays
ably	trims the back of tho frock. The	1	was troubled	with	Lame	Back I seat
skirt is circular fitted with a dart for 25 years or more. Sometimes it I on the side and has an inverted box- was so severe 1 could not turn or they	will	he	sent	post paid	at	1>lait	at tho middIc of tho back- War-	self in bed.
25 cents	a box by	addressing the Dr.	IOW	a*d avd buttons provide thf	"A	slight	cold	or	hard	lifting
Much has been written in regard to Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, "!^®8oarydoCl)rat lon- Bluc ®ll£ gia' wou,d bring on a Jarful attack and
silos and silo building, and numer- Ont.	nn	hnu ^	gl.?r T ï'V'" ^	I The Royal
ous plans have been published, but ;	--------f------ and peail buttons, would make a I had tried many medicines and with an area
in actual experience none of them j	OVER THE SAHARA.	damty f.rock' . Percale, pique, cham* treatments. but never found any- largest in England
has proved entirely satisfactory.	---- bray a"d w°olens gcnorally arc also ^hmg l° Tdo m® aay good until I
Some are too expensive for ordinary i Aeronauts Planning to Send An 1,1 Loo ns	f ieaJ*d ° Dodds Kidney Pills
farmers, others are cheap, but last Airship Across the Desert.	Quantities of material required: Th My brother, who kept a
practically	for *4,000.
Per Over 5izty Veers
mmsM
many women
Sold
place, claims to have
any
or
the Dr
Brockville. Ont
not know along without
iSÆK.MÏÏ!3."“
FOMETHING NEff IN SILOS
; TO PRINTERS
. “Yours must be shouted a rude, uncultured person, who occupied a back
WOOD TO USE
FOR SALI.—Two 2-rovolutlon Campbell Presse», bed 40xS8 Inches. Splembd order. Price Sl,coo each. Terme easy,
8. FRANK WILSON,
73 West Adelaide St, Toronto
»t»p« tho roaftH and work* off the Cold.
Laxtflv# Dromo Quinine Tablets cure a oold In one day. Me Lure. No Pay. Price 10 ose ta
my-
CARPET DYEINQ
sod Cleaning. Tkli Is a specialty with the
Dock at Portsmouth, of 293 acres, is the
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING OO.
•end particulars by poet and we are sure to satisfy.
Address Box 100, Montreal.
Deafness Cannot be Cured
ny local application*, ae they manotreach the diseased portion of the ear. Then» ieomty otvi way t3 cure d oaf news, and that le by constitutional remedies. Deafnew is caused hr am iff flamed condliion of the mumui linlnernr thm
small
Dominion Line Steamships
Montreal So LirerpooL Boston to Utct* peel. Portland to Liverpool. Via Queens-
silo is one
nedipw. Desfnmui is caused hr am -------- condl’lonof the mucous lining ortho ,
on
D. Torrsnee » Oe. Montreal end Finland.
",ua^nts wanted
We
t at oaoe trustworthy men sad womeu ie every locality, leeal or trsvolisg, to introduce e us discovery sod keep our show cards and e<l»»*««,ui matter tanked up in conspicuous places throughout the towa and country. Steady employment y#»r round,
commission or aalsry, $6g.oo per Aomth and Hxpensee, mot to oseeed IIS per day.
Write for penleulara	Postofcce box S3Î,
:NTEfVNATlOM/L MEDICWt CO.. LONDON ONT.
F. J. CHENEY Sc CO.. Toledo, O
Sold by Druggists, 73c,
Hall’s Family 1M1N arc the best
conic
to
Mrs. Denham—"You used to
"But. now T am satisfied it is gone I that 1 Was the apple of . forevor, and know that am In Benham—"Well, what it
consider it has no equal.	Mrs. Hen peck (bantcring)-"That would approve of^your actions/’ "	..
! would not start on a voyage old flame of mine has become so at- said the angry husband. "But, my without it, if it cost a dollar a tentivc that I fancy he’s like to run dear," calmly inquired his better
° ‘cmt.KB.SKV2SL-J&-”Hss«SZ/’J? SS“
Schr. Stork», St. André, Ka> mouraska.
say
your eye.
Mrs
NO EFFECT UPON IT
¦¦¦	Tho balloon planned for this trip 1»
This lumber has been recently laid to be kept in equilibrium by a heavy down at Ottawa for $1*7.00 per M., guide rope of steel cable weighing 1,-and at that price should be one of 100 pouads H	I
the most economical our farmers ballast discharge Coulfl use.	I tank containing 5,000 pounds of
The foundation of this new sort of water ballast. An automatic device Silo is in its wooden hoops, six ensures that if the balloon falls to inches wide, and made of half inch within 150 feet of the ground the •lm lumber, sprung «round a form, tank will discharge 150 pounds of end built up with well lapped joints, ballast at using a trille longer nail each time, I an interior airbag which will keep it until the hoop has a thickness for in shape in spite of the leakage of tin* three bottom hoops of five layers The
It has an automatic
consisting of n
**r °s ^h*1* ""/TT	tal#wn'
¦¦HHaHHHwafT* A ouetemer reeanti»
III tho balloon is
OlteaSIne le eeWeg
once
»uroha«ed fhre boxes at ones. Bee Mir name
lio. Drusglete, er Qlleadlne tio., Toronto.
gas. It is estimated that, with the remaining five top hoops aid of this the balloon would stay in require only four layers each.	The ! the air at least	twelve days
average silo will not require	more	northeast winds	which prevail	over
than 500 feel of lumber, and 20 the central Sahara almost constant-
p°un<!s <>f nails, for_=tlic	hoops	ly between April	and October would
which are easily and quickly	made	propel tho balloon at. the rate	of at
and should not cost more than 81.25 least twelve miles an hour. f*ac h, or $10.00 for the lot. I his is In case tho balloon should !>e a good deal less than the cost of the wrecked it is calculated that it usual iron hoops and lugs. A three would be picked tip by some of the I cornered frame is erected at the nomads of the desort who would be
exact outside circumference of the sure to sec it and to follow such a H takes 3,000,000 grains of oats w silo, and the hoops placed in posi- phenomenon so that news of its mis- t° sow an acre ; 2,800,000 of bar-
U,™ P., —	.«¦ry-ïs.'*;;- -i,v —; - "»»
matched and nailed to the hoops tho absent-minded man behind the coun- insurance. "Yes, sir—or—that is,1 •erne as the flooring. When the Ho- ter "What size shirt do you lny sister once refused a man worth fng is on within twenty inches of yreâr ?"	fifty thousand dollars
the starting place, stop, and put in 9*4 studding
tween the hoops on each side of th Boor for door Make the doors of the ns the walls, cutting them into ""joint*" on the
INSIDE OF THF HOOPS.
If the silo is outside the barn, it
with tarred paper,
Mlnafd's Liniment Cures Burns, etc
TO <TRF. A COLD H OWE DAT.
Take Lnxativo Broom Quinine Tablets A I
Mrs

The
r
Our Debsn- ^ turoe com J*
bine an mb n* s o I u t e 1 y T safe securj*

PUL-MO
WILL CURI
The Azores Islands have no beast of prey native to them.
Crawford—
1 suppose you su lier a great deal from your dyspepsia ?" Mrs
difficulty ol breathing, f itness of ‘ *
Crabshaw—"Not half as much as I did when my husband had it."
Minard’s Liniment Cures Dandruff,
Gcupene Attached.
ily with a 1] * profitable t the money T
the chest, wasting away of flesh, throat I ¦	troubles, consumption, coughs, catarrh,
tad's llutat ftditffs Isjiaiiis l
I *	Is for sale by all druggists at
I $i.oo per large bottle, and 15 cents small bottle, or direct from
THE PUL-MO CO.. TORONTO. ONT.
BOYS BRIGADE
return for invested. They arc issued ip sums of $100 and upwards for terms of one, two, three, four or live years, and interest at the rate of

for
ns
out
FOUR PER CENT. PER AMtNM £
Monkey Tim ml S
h, steel, ir
fnlws end forks, cutlery

I Bugle Baud
Instruments, Bugles. Fifes, Drums, Cepe. etc.
Accrues from the date oq v which the money is roceived ÎJ by tho Company	T
Write for further informa- 7
lion.	1
Xltf>

;
1
and
up and down he-
$

*


WIRE:

Rtnys and iamb»
,1	:*SS,
fiic« i'i tbo morning." | Win»!,,,. Hu.	TtiuH, CuMi j


1
hvl
l
I
Thle is tho Page Standard II Bar Fence, mat o of “Pcgc** wire which is twice r* etreug u» common wire The continuons coP, noto wary hp^xrance,allows for expansion and con traction which is importent owing to Cfma'hsn cilmato. Our upright wire* are in one piece end here strength of abootet*p«ronde If made ofpierea apUrM at each horiaoutal, they would liare a strength of only about SOOpcunds. We also nieke gates, ornamental fences. poultry netting, noils and aim pica. The Page Wire Fonce Co., limited. Welk#r*;ile. Osl. fl
I

Can he covered
1






###PAGE###7###

7
punlon. The latter continued to gas* him
“You psychological progeny of n I Product of the Great Auk Sold fori A Fireman Watches in a Tower to
cosmopolite, you problematical descendant of decadent progenitors, I want you to understand that when I'm riding with you and there's any I t)eon well
K07ES A KD COALMENTS.
0
HIGH PBzCE FOR AN EGG
FIRES SERIOUS IN RUSSIA
PAST WEALTH IB JAMS
WHACKER
BILL’S
CONVERSION
tanatlon given by the Com-the Hudson Bay Company ## the reported finding of parte of Andres'# balloon among the Eskimos of mortheastern Canada is plausible. He snye that the agents of the company distributed many picture# #f the balloon among the native#, who wcrf told of tye possibility that it might dc«:en/d
Tho
See the Blase
AN INTERESTING TAZJE BY MR. C. C. JAMES.
When a fire occurs in St. Peters other day un egg of the groat auk I burg, the nearest citizen doesn't step xvas ollorod for Male. The fact had to a red box and ring in an alarm
advertised and quite g for tho engines by electricity. They I Big Profit From Fruit.—The Mod-swearing to be done I will do it! You | number of persons interested in these haven't advanced so far yet.	©rn Pib' is a Fortune
don’t know good cuss words when you | rare prizes was preset,t. Tho egg The Russian system of spreading I	Producer
see them."	was knocked down for $1,260, a | news of a fire is tho most primitive i Recently, before the Canadian
The stage drew up before the Empire very good price, though eggs have m Europe.	Club, at Toronto, Mr. C 0 Jur r
hotel. Five minutes later Whacker boon sold in London as high as $1,- '1 hoy don't, send out any r','fjiula™J I Deputy Minister of Agriculture for
Bill stumbled up to the bar and asked &()(). Not ovor seventy of tho eggs , ut 11,1 1,1 st- Petersburg uri11 h* Ontario, spoke on the growth of ag-
of this extinct bird are known to be y re has blazed out fierce and strong, ^culture in ()ntaj.jo *n	h ?
preserved in collections. About In fact the fire department doesn’t plftCe#J the nmn wlt£ t| . twenty skeletons and eighty skins know it. One fireman comprises ing -t™ ¦	I
are also among the treasures of | himself the St. Petersburg alarm sys
tern.
At an auction sale In London tho
By H. Wadsworth Parker
Copyright, tOOt, by
S. 8. MoClirt Company
among The Rot. John Rollins did net notice
them and of tho^dvanUge they that hie wife was holding out hie bear- huskily for his usual drink, would derive from giTtig' aid to the skin coat with both hands. He con- Make It two, Jimmy, make It two explorers. Ho has no flbubt that tinued to stare Into the depths of the iM(1 nia^c oin
some inventive Eskimo concocted the open fireplace.	Al\,, h* "rank them «lowly, «tarin/ various museums.
r,:	jvvzssnrs htztrJ&H*r“	"*
Story «>f Andrp0K4NroJeet were die- «ound in the cabin tucked under
tribu ted fflhÉWWI where it Was .^tAçiught
might land, may account for the I Critically.
on a
mountain of importance all bis own. J here are 175,000 farmers in
^__________________________ , tai io,
At nil times a fireman is on duly(amounts to bird In the city hall tower. IIo watches the I w ./lunei gtti„ lbat ha<l he th.
hy tho greed of	city and whoa a tiro burns up he	1 wealth of a Carnegie or one hundred
That night after RolMne	had	conduct-	hunters about sixty years ago. The	notices it, or is expected to do so.	millions at his disposal to give he
isolated place* I Bllger’e hill. The minute hand touch- I ed	evening service	In	the	chapel	and	time was when great numbers of	if it is in the daytime he run* up u	j would present this money to the On-
the bnloon ** 12» «nd Mrs. Rollins coughed opole- had baptized two babies be returned to «J» fowl lived along the shore» number of black balls on the outside tario farmers, giving |000 to each,
of Iceland and Newfoundland. They	of tho tower. If it U in tho night	knowjnf that it w“u,d be n jn_
fairly swarmed during the years of	he uses red lanterne instead of the	vested. The annual product of tho
tho early settlement of Newfound-	balls. The number of the balls or	j Ontario farms is $250 000 000 und
land, and for some generations they	lanterns indicates tho district in	Mr. Janies pointed out that if this
were largely used for food by colon-	which the lire is. On seeing the «Ig-	product could he increased bv 10 per
Ists and fishermen. The bird was nnl the firemen turn out.	cent, it would mean a great increase
Naturally thia method is not pro- „f $26.000,000 for the Province duetive of great speed In reaching Deputy Minister was bristling with the fire. Prom twenty minutes to ngures, not figures representing thou-half an hour Is good Urns, unless, ,Bnds, tens of thousands, or hun-the fire occurs quite near an engine rfreda », thousands, but figures that compass quarters. The result Is ran away up into the dizzy millions, that the citizens of St. Petersburg ,h, pointed out that a simple in-try to do most of the fire exlin- cress, of a cent per bushel in Ontar-gu.shlng themselves and as there in jo grain would mean an Increase of no order and no discipline the wild-| $, ,50f>,000 n year In the annual valent confusion usually prevails. At ue o( lhc product The speakci every hint of a fire no matter how claimed that could he Midaslike slight, tho neighbors begin at once p|aco tbe magic touch upon the a,r-to strip their homes of everything of p|0 trees in this province and add value. The police make no attempt fifteen cents’ value to the product of to establish fire lines, so the mob ea(h. a million more would be the hampers the firemen rather than result. If this same touch could he
helps them.	laid upon the cattle, and each
But all this is nothing beside the be given an added value of If
excitement of the progress of the en- other million would be added to the gine-thore are seventy-four pieces of assets of the Ontario ffirmer if the apparatus and 1,027 firemen in the price of rheese could be raised «, city-to the fire. In snowtime the simple i of e rent per pound. .... engines travel on runners instead of farmer would again profit, by $.800 -whoels. Beeide the driver sits a man OOO.
ringing a big bell to warn other v<v Dazzling, staggering, and stupe»» hides to k*ep out of the way. After dous those figure»! They startled the engine five tendes» follow, one] (he dub a bit after the other. One carries the h0êÿÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊgÊÊÊÊÊgM another a water tank three more all filled with firemen.
In the last century Russia has lost property to tho amount of $15,000,000,000 by firm. The lose averages $150,000,000 a year.

On-
their invested capital nne billion of dollars.
the Empire hotel to And Whacker BUI
Tbe Reverend John came out of his I walt,n* for hIm' J b©y we,lt fo
room in silence, and tbe bed man of
Las Tags a valley laid n motley array
ef trophies on the missionary's table.
“Thar's a couple uv leads as was I strictly aquatic in its habits,
rumors, from time to time, that the explorers, or some Biput, had bees found tiritiirtx Columbia, Finland Siberia.
of their equijn trance and slipped Into tbe waiting in Alaska. coati Mie wlfe caet an adoring look and 11P at hla square shouldered six feet one.
corn-
found In men I put to sleep; thar’s a ing ashore only to breed, its wing»
——	"1 hated to Interrupt your thought»,	lock uv Jim Dewey's hair, him that I were so small that it was quite iu-
rracitcally	all the	Arcti*	coasts,	Jack, but the stage la due In a minute,	knocked out In four roun’s In eighty- capable of flight |j_
Including those of Siberia and ©ant Were you'thlnklng of your sermonV one; thar's a couple uv claws from a In was found in time, when its Greenland, have been searched for -‘Not much, my girl," replied Rollins. *M«Iy I laid out In a clean fight an' I
relics, but nothing hae been found | "I was thinking of that twenty-four	1	f™ru ""	“ IeJun supply European markets with this
since Aug. 31, 1900, when tho first mile ride with Whacker Bill. It la n ,a“e. .:.v.	..	new commodity. As it bred only in
Rollini looked at the bad man in well a few idealities and was helpless
assumed amnzenuant	j when on land, it did not take long
“Why are you bringing them to me?’ to exterminate the species. The last “You've armed 'em, pardner. I blow came when its most secure was picked up on the coast of the waJ3 $lnd t0 eee me- the ride— thought I could swear, but I ain't one- breeding place, a small island of! the little island	of	Skjervoe	In	northern	that f*uI w,tl1 his swear-	two-three with you. We can't walk j south coast of Iceland, was destroying at every rut lu the road! But I'll	on the same aide uv the street when i od by a volcanic eruption. The birds
,	...	cure hits yet I feel	somehow	as If	ft comes to cussln*. Take 'em It's a removed to a spot that was more
messages	recovered.	Another	pj been sent te this	place to	save	cinch that If we put up a cussln’match ,acceaeiii)lc to hunter», who soon made
brought news only flfty-41ve minute» Whacker Bill’s soul, and I'm going to ,0u’d win sn’ I'm ready to erv nuits homo of inn,iraerabl« whit<> herons, litter; while the third, carried to the do It.”	ef you are/'	I wn.r0 ta*on for t,he,r 8kins<
whaler Aiken by a pigeon, nine days John Rollins set his mouth In the They shook hands on the deal, and many°other birds aro *in 'danger*™*
after the	ascent,	was	dated	two	his wife could remem	Whacker BUI went down for another	1 extermination. He tells of deserted
(hns and	an hour	and	a half	after	her from the old football days, long be-	drink. The Rev. John Rollins had a	localities in Florida, where forty
b# bad taken orders In the church,	letter te write. It was addressed to a	j years ago birds were seen in thou
mnArtn»* All war* 1**11 h„i	^	w<>®an Gasped and un- struggling young lawyer in an eastern ; sand». The great marsh by the see
rooming», ah weio wen, but in- C|aeped her hands nervously.	cltjr, and It wound up as follow*;	! in southern California, which a num-
stead of having	travelled	by that	*q hope, Jack, dear,	you'll be	very,	“So I send you the trophies of my ! her of ycais ago was tho winter
time, »s Andree had hoped,	at least	very careful in dealing with BUI.	He’s	first victory, Hkewlse the first use I j home of innumrrable white heron»,
VOU miles	to the north, peering	an awful character, they say-and”—	have ever had of my geometrical	Ilow them no more According
once did the baelnee. with another	. fmlrleh collection It aU tbe eld crowd	required by the European feather
braggart, and I’m loading op with contribute, scattered, as we are. from ! markets, etonee for the same trick."	Dan to Beertboba. Come out next sum
mer, and I'll Introduce you to the bad | ONTARIO LOST 10,000 DEER man who went down before theological profanity. He’s a character."
And In the cabin under Bilger’s bill
a sweet faced little womau was pray Ten thousand deer were killed in ing the good Lord not to let Whacker fifteen days in the last open season
for the sport in the Province of Ontario, according to tho estimate of Chief Game Warden E. Tinsley. There is probably not such another HIGHFIELDS SANITARIUM (country in tho world as Ontario for
tho abundance of its red or Virginian deer. Nobody who knows anything about hunting at all has
A rwpert ju.t l.u^.flMy.lqu.^
institution, for the special treat- JtB o(	leolnrkably short season
ment of patienta In the late stage*, Qf flfteen daya durlng wh|ch the ki)l„
of consumption, states that, in the ing of deer is permItted> ,nd ,or two years elnce tbe opening of t e this reason ttJ1 applications for an hospital, thirty-seven cases have extene|on of the season, of which been treated there, and that with muny are vod every year, are re-three exceptions all improved in a fuw(| by (h# Commissioner», marked measure while under treat- ,-ast winter 5|200 deer hunting
««-wiy-wu«j. srjsa szix:zL sstjzs&v-srsu?
•crenlty until they bad passed Las orrhages. long sickness, diarrhoea, t vear. 0ne oxhroee company Crucee, when they suddenly came upon etc., and hence had been refused ad- alone ' Mrried nearly three thousand a patch of rood that made the stage mission to other institutions, have carcaaaes of deer, and Dr McCallum, jerk and plow from side to side, like been alter seven or eight months th„ head o( (he Game Commission,
: Wêssêrà æSBm ssaesas
J &US3SS&! =	'-- -
as much as possible of the frame ** r0UDd *nd looked Whacker Bill fair- a young girl, there over eleven work of government previously ex-	^ lo the aye.	months, for whom only $1.60 a week
Isting, snd used a wonderful tact in	"Here, you triangulated sine qua non	has been received, paid by the par-
rnswering the Hindu mind according	of a perambulator,	abut	up!"	enta, from being very .seriously ill.
to its own form of thought.	Bill stopped in	the	middle	of	a	both lungs involved, is now strong.
“Make no avoidable change in the	mighty oath and stared	at	the mis-	plump in	flesh,	with hardly
ancient laws and customs," he said	#j0Dary In amazement.	Be	preachers	4c°u*h' *ud	to assist much	m
gss ===::
Une custom. however, ho did whiIe he ruminated over this fact. Highflelds is pleasantly situated, abolish, and hi» method of doing it Then they struck an ugly stone, a overlooking the city and lake, pro-showed his wisdom in administrator- mailbag flew through space, and Bill vided with bay window», balconies, ship. This was the practice of came back to earth by a moat profane apparatus for ozone inhalations, suttcoism—the burning of widows on route. Rollins held the reins while w*th other modern equipments for the funeral piles of their husbands ;, Bill went back to gather up Uncle scientific treatment of such case».
ami he not only put his foot firmly i gam’s possessions. The offending bag \ la.r*e sUfY ,of. lhe lcadill£ n]y down on it, but met counter »rgu-	went up w,th e craih lnd	an	0*th. and	J>a,y,'f. *
practiced a dozen years later when	«0	b" wrist	ap„e«la nor	general effort» to collect
Sir Charles xv <» in India	' You bifurcated prlsraodlal of a ne money have been made since the
When he proclaimed hi» intention ! plus ultra Iconoclast, atop that noise opening of the institution, end of suppressing suttepism, the priests kai»d tend to business!"	t,^ie numerous calls on the
came to him to protest, on tlA Whacker Bill climbed Into the seat philanthropic, with strict economy, ground that all nations had customs without a word. Rollins calmly light- management of Highfivlds ho\e
irnmmwm
alive, we hang them and confiscate rellgous cemeterlet'*umirmured Bill, he taken In for want of fund» m «11 their property. My carpenter»! and •Hence once more settled between room shall therefore erect gibbets, on I them, which everyone concerned in a
widow’s burning shall he hanged. ! and feeling a bit nervous as they cov Let us all act according to national ! ered the last two miles Into Las Vegas.
custom."
The
buoy that Andree threw overboard honestly the ' worst feature of this eleven hours after he made hie a»- charge. I like to go over te Las Vegas, cent from Ranee Island, Spitsbergen. They're a friendly set, and they're al-
bub
Norway, It contained one of the
three
(*OW
MIW
the
the balloon was cut loose from Its
'
B HEAT NO LONGER KING
Then come
The speaker divided his subject into four heads:	Wheat, fruit
stock, and dairying, longer king in Ontario, vince has got past that a time when if wheat dropped the farmer's jaw dropped with it. However, Mr. James pointed out that Ontario was a great wheat-raiser, and last year from one and one-half million acres raised 80,000,000 bush-Thc entire wheat crop of the world is 2,500,000,000 bushels, and Ontario ran. so Mr lames thinks, time to fulfill his duties u.s by improved methods, raise this lit) such, lie has as his principal mili- bushels to the acre to .50 bushels, tary adiatus and lieutenant a chief on the average, which would give the of stuff, who works in thorough uni- Province a unique place a.s one of son but on a footing of complete the grain-growing centres of the equality with the minister of war, I world the sovereign, jealous of his preroga-
lives as generalissimo, being on Mr. Jamee ,aya there ia no other guard to see that there .s no uaur- t on the Nortb Alperican eouti.
Gem Oount° HchlielTen. who now Oils|	^,,le"brJL and eternal
mœm
the genera s a •	has six and one-half million apple
trees, and it is called a good year when this province is able to export one million barrels of apples to tho Hay lozenges are the popular con- Old Land. There are two great prefect! onery among army horses in thejblems which tho farmer seems to Philippines and South Africa. The shipwreck on: the question of preset-food, or, rather, the form of it, is a vation and that of transportation. Yankee invention, called into exist- Mr. James scored these who are ron-enee by the circumstance of war in « tinually harping on fast steamship country lacking good roads. Hay linns. Being Deputy Minister of Ag-put up in the ordinary bale cannot riculture, he doesn't think that the be transported on horseback, because transportation of men is half as im-of its weight and bulk. It is there- portant to the welfare of the Profore compressed by powerful ma- vince ns the annual safe sending of chinery into discs a foot or eighteen thousands and thousands of dollars' inches in diameter, and two inches worth of perishable products across thick. The discs are packed into the sea to John Bull, rolls and hung on slings from the "Where one dollar is involved in horse's back, on each side. A single the sending of a messenger quickly lozenge, when broken up and opened thousands of dollars are involved in out, makes a meal for a horse or the other matter," said the speukei mule, and will cure him of that hun- This sentiment was applauded, gry feeling as quickly as a mnngcrfut of fresh hay. The compactness of the new bale also means a great saving in freight.
near the pole, he was only 145 nautical miles north and forty-five miles east, of the point of departure was making "good progress cast ward" instead of northward.
live Wheat, is no The Pro-There was
The
WHERE THE KING COMMANDS
Ho smiled cheerily into hla wife's anxious face, kissed her tenderly and crossed to the door.
“Don't worry, little woman. I won't hurt him or lay myself liable to the law."
The Reverend Rollins threw open the door and gazed down the winding mountain street The commotion In
In Germany, in Austria, in Italy and in Russia, four countries which may bo described as .military powers in the fullest sense of the word, the sovereign is in each case tho active commander-in-chief of the army, and finds
Two other buoys were found 3t‘00, but they contuined no inessmge nod gave no clue as to the portion the balloon
in
Yet They Seem as Plentiful as Ever After the Slaughter.
els
had attained. It has
been conjectured that the strong couth wind reported by the steamship Windward in those water® about a day and a half after Andree launched the latest news received from him may have carried the balloon far to the north. In view of the fart that three message® and two other relics of the expedition have thus far been recovered, it is not wildly improbable that the drift ice may, within the next few years,
Bill hurt her dear Jack.
front of the postofflee told him that the stage had arrived. He stalked down the flower edged path to meet It.
When the>stage plunged and swayed past the cabin, Mrs. Rollins waved her hand to her husband, sitting straight and smiling beside the rough driver. Then she ran Into the house, where, burying her face In her husband's big chair, she had a hearty cry.
On and on swung the stage, Bill bring other messages that may poo-j chatting amiably of his former
Rtbly tend to clear up the mystery of | triumphs when the vigilantes repre-Andree s fate and even add some- seated the law and Ilf# was worth llv-
thing to geographical knowledge
Report Showing Work Done During Last Two Years.
ONTARIO'S FRUITS
of fruits to the
California
Yet
NATIONAL CUSTOMS.
TEM VTl NG CON FECT1 ONER Y
open season.
The most remarkable circumstance in regard to this is the fact, insisted upon by the Commissioners, that the increasing number killed by hunter® seems to cause no diminution in the number of the deer. Of course, the part of the province ^ j where they are most abundant is in a the north, though oven in some of the comparatively settled districts the pretty animals are so numerous and so tame that they nre an annoyance to farmer®, in whose crops they do considerable damage.
The Rainy River district of On-1 tario, which till recently contained no red deer, is now quite overrun with them, the new arrivals having come in from the neighboring State of Minnesota. Tn order to raise the standard of the sport it is now riously proposed (o prohibit both
tho use of dogs and the killing of PUNISHED FOR FINDING GOLD deer in the water in the Province of nt a rio
THE PIG
That unlovely animal, the pig. was the subject of an interesting five minutes
The hog of to-day is not tho hog of the other day the other day was nothing but fat Not all the old documents and re- The lumberman liked him cords relating to the early history cultivated palate frowned and a new of Australia have been destroyed, as style of pig has cerne many suppose, and in a recent millinery and fashion iu pig* who search among some family pap**is a pig to-day, tho speaker explained, tightness" in curious item was brought to light was built upon new lines as a nacon-
bearmg upon the discovery of gold Prodl '£ uiiiinul HUHI at the antipodes, says tho London lion pounds of bacon were exported. Chronicle. According to this, gold I and in 1900 the figures had jumped was first found by a convict near to 182,000,000.	*1 he pig, this new
Parramatta in 1789. The unfort un- style pig. is coming to the front, as ate fellow was at once charged with Mr. James says
i having stolen a watch and “boiled with paying off more mortgages than it down," and being convicted by the any other single part or parcel of tho rude court of those early days, was farm. Dairying was touched on as given 150 lashes for his pains. in the first cause of the growth in the later years the record of this inci- piggery. It was noted with pleasure dent was closely examined by an un- that Ontario had secured such a firm doubtedly competent authority, who hold in England with certain kinds was quite convinced of the genuine- of cheese
ness of the convict's story. In the it. was also shown that up till a early part of the last century the little while ago the farmer had aeon-prisoners working on the roads to- ceit that he knew about all that was ward the Blue mountains often came worth knowing, ns regards cheose-across the yellow metal, but the re- making. He cured his cheese in a porta were always suppressed pur- hot room, but science had come posely by the authorities.	along and said that cheese could he
cured cold.
I
¦*-
The hog of
but the
Fashion in
NO DOUBT ABOUT IT
The
,n “Uncle Jimmie" was a man had a reputation for business affairs, which clung to him the entire eighty-odd years of his existence.
When he was stricken with what proved to be his last illness, a neighbor came to see him who had heard he was near unto death.
The family were gathered about the room in various stages of grief —he had not been an over-kind hus-IThere are now two vacancies band ftnd father—and the sick man for moderately paying patients. It iay on hi* bed with closed eyes and Is proposed to provide a few tents laboured breathing, for extra room in summer, but a ««See if ho knows you," said his special pavilion, with roof sunbathe. wif0f tearfully, to the neighbor, who
lights twinkling In the mist one or the work say that if the object* and « 'Uncle Jimmie/ do you know lead horses stumbled and fell. In ten | success in treatment of the institu- ^ ?" asked the neighbor, gently, seceuds there was a mad combination j tion were but well known, ample os- a deep silence hung over the room. An account of a surgical operation of horses, tangled harness and profan- sistancc would lie soon forthcoming Anally “Uncle Jimmie" slowly open-
lty In front of the stage. When the Contributions sent to Lieut.-Co). ed his eyes fthd fixed them Intently dâinsge had been repaired to a steady M ason, Hon .-Treasurer, or Robert on the questioner, fire of cuss words, Bill returned to his | Darling. Keq . President, will be ao- "Know you ?" he echoed, feebly ; voatliwearlng •• he meunted the step, knowledged in the usual way.	"I reckon I do ! Where's that gal-
In 189* 47 mil-
Ho is credited
Rollins was smoking his third cigar

STITCHING UP a HEART
on a man's heart was given at a recent meeting of the Academy of Science in Paria, The patient—a young soldier—had been stabbed in the cheat with a knife, the point of which penetrated the pericardium. The wound in the heart was sewn up with three stitches, and although complications set in the patient recovered.
No longer a slave to tradition. l>e-
the
An intelligent sepoy one day came | er stands the power, the man behind
Mr James says .that tool day the man who would be a success-in Central India. Having ful tiller of the soil must have as
INDIAN ENGLISH
to a telegraph office in India and ! the plow handed in a message to send to
station BiÊIÊÊÈÊlBÊÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊlÉÊÊÊÊÊÊÊEElÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊL
read the message, the operator said I Nberal a general education
there was something wrong "No, | man of business.	1
sahib ; me knows English," he said Again an attempt was made to explain to him	was wronglyBHH[HH|HHIH||HJ
worded. “Me knows English," he ; He— T assure you 1 would never declared haughtily and indignantly ; dare to rob those sweet lips of a "if you no send, me report superin- kiss." She—“You hypocrite ! Didn't tendent Mandalay." Thus threaten- you attempt it last night 7" the message was forwm "Come quick; father
the
P O , Ont
A SIGN OF INDIGNATION
ear.
"It's a shame !" exclaimed Meandering Mike, as he tossed the piece 0 of newspaper from him.
"What was you roadiiV about 7“
“That's enough from you, you quad
E J¦ I	I
Tiff.,* '•»»"» cslsESp «.-..rrL1*,s tisss-s
One hand clasped the lines, and tilt tains no leas than S4.000,000 worth ' much money for libraries when dey lingers of tbe ether worked nervously, Qf dbM<dyed copper, which is extract- ortei be buy in' cook books fur some but It was met raised against hi# com 1 od from by a chemical process. I @ dese jails we have to stop at/-
"Oh, Mr. G rubbles I" exclaimed a yeung mother, to have a family of rosy boys about your knee ? said the disagreeable old bachelor, “i d rather have z lot of yellow
bey* It my pocket.M
rlesl
shouldn't you like
‘No, ma’am.1
Never I Far from intending to rob rously I you of a kirn, I was trying t# gi ve •you one/*
f#
###PAGE###8###

-s "
M
YOUR STORE
E. HODGINS & SON’S ADVT.
The Busy Store.
HOLD UP
TEA!
It will Pay You to drive miles and share in the purchasing power of your hard earned $ at our store. Remember, we have our future to carve out and purpose
We in-
a minute ami read this, if your e loth es are beginning to approach n coiulitiou of iiuocuuuadesuetude, which will make it necessary to discard them. Wv want your patronage—not for one time only, but permanently. If we can get the former we are certain to secure the hit 1er. Why Î Our stock is so large will have the kind yon want. Ily selling ao many Suits it enables us to sell so cheap. Our fit and workmanship are all right.
TEA!
doing it by dividing our profits with you. tend to make this store so popular with new and up-to-date goods, and so attractive with Moxey-Savino chances that you will find it hard to keep away.
TEA!
ét
Japans
xv i
*
Ladies’ Walking Boots.
Our stock oi Ladies’ Walking Shoes is now complete, also some extra good value in
and
Ceylons.
Ladies' Strap Slippers.
A. R. McGUIRE,

The Tailor.
THE SHAWVILLE BOOT AND SHOE STORE.
M. STEWART.
Unequalled Japan Tea
17 to 20cts.

The Barondale Veterinary Medicines.
DO YOU USE YOUR OWN JUDGMENT WHEN BUYING OR DO YOU DEPEND
ON A SALESMAN’S ADVICE ?
Ceylon Green
1
Salada, 25 to 35cts.
V






Ceylon Black
Salada, 40, 50, to 60cts.
Dou you realize that his advice may be influenced by the large profit that there is in some makes ? Study the situation. Compare quality and price. Be critical. Study every detail. We are willing to abide your judgment.
1
Before Using
After Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondaie Condition Powders.
Animals this season of the year require something to purify the Wood, remove the old coat of hair, restore the appetite and put him in .1 healthy condition for the Spring work. Our condition medicines is highly endorsed, hy all w ho use it. We have many testimonials testifying to its good results. Once tried, always used.
Tkstjmonial.—About as had a case of heaves a* ever developed in » horse, developed in one brought to my stable recently. 1 was in a great way to cure him if possible, but so had was it 1 had very little hope of doing anything for it. Tun Baroxdalk i Hkave Cvrb was recommended to me and I procured a bottle. 1 gave him only | J K two doses, one In the evening and one in the morning, and after that I defied any	^
person to detect the least defect in his breathing. A< a proof of its good effect I might say that this horse was afterwards sold to a Gipsey-the best of judges of horses—w ho after driving him considerably, 011 a warm day. failed to see* the least sign of a defective w ind.	Yours truly, JOHN BVRKJÎ, Ottawa.
For sale at—
SOMETHING NEW.
goods* specials : Quaker Ceylon Tea
at 50cts. a pound.
5
Poplin, Bengaline, Viote, Ladies’ Cloth, Costumes, Estime, Venetinc and Silk Grenadines. Dainty effects in Opera Flannel Blouse Lengths. Beautiful Silk Muslin, American Muslin, Linen Organdy, Silk Novelties, Novelty Muslin, Waist Cloth, Scotch Lawn, Colored Muslin, Alcalada Cords, Stella Batiste, Frau Batiste, Dotted Swiss Batiste Satinee.
75 PIECES PRINT to select from—all new fast colors, from nets, to l‘2cts. See Special Line at 1 lets. Regular price, 13cts.
O'Meara Bros', Bryson ;
T. & D. Rousseau s, Campbells Bay J. E Cahill's, Calumet Island ;
Wir». Moore s, Otter Lake ;
J. F Cronau e. Ladysmith. Silas Young s, Starts Corners.
Finest Flavored and most Delicious Tea ever used in Canada.
Drug Store, Shawville ;
W. H. Lucas , Caldwell.
her huger* in a dooJ.
Miss Florence Lung, of Shawville, was the guest of Mms M. Mayhew last week.
,,	.. . .	. v. - c- ... Mr. Frank Hughes and Miss Ettiv
Council of the Municipality ofShaw ville, Wilson paid Shawville a visit and ie-held on Monday, May 6th, 1902.
Present : Mr Mayor, Arthur Smiley;
Councillors : G F Hudgins, Geo Hynes,
\V J Eadea.
Minutes of last meeting were read, and on motion of Coun Hynes, secortled by Ooun Eadea, were adopted.
Moved by Coun Hynes, seconded by Coun Bad es, that the following bills be paid, viz: Thomas Findlay, $3.12: The Shawville Drug Co, $4.30; Henry McDowell, $2; Edward Hudgins, $1 50:
Annon Dagg, $3; G F Hodgins, $1; Geo.
Hynes, $1 25 —Carried.
Moved by Coun Hodgins. seconded by Coun Hynes, that the Secretary procure one copy of Municipal Code.—Carried.
Moved by Coun Hynes seconded by Coun Hodgins, that the petition of J A McGuire and Christopher Caldwell, for licenses to keep a hotel be granted, and the usual fee of $25.00 each be charged.—
Carried.
Moved by Cotin Hynes, seconded by Coun Hodgins, that this Council adjoun to meet on Monday the 142th inst., at 8 o’clock p. m., sharp.—Carried.
Shawville Council.
E. HODGINS & SON.
Regular meeting of the Munie pal
turned Sunday evening.
Mr. D. K. Cowley, eon of Capt. Cowley, bps graduated with honors and is nuw an M. 1). C. M., and has managed to procure the position of Surgeon in the Montreal Western General Hospital.
We understand our worthy teacher, Mr. Armstrong, is leaving us after the holidays, and we will all miss him as he is such a favorite among the children.
Mise. Hyslop ha* improved the Vniou House wonderfully, and everything looks neat aud’clean for the summer.
The people have been wondering w ho the young man was, driving the chestnut horses Wednesday evening. But if you want to know kindly ring up
T. W. WILSON 6 GO
Selling Out I
TERMS .—Cash or Produce.
NOTICE.

Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Go !
We Mean Business !
I

- ugh bred Ayrshire Bull, registered HHI tifi. Best animal of the breed in the County. Service fee $1.00.
THEODORE HODGINS,
Shawville.
T hero No. 141
Lun.
S
Editor Equity
P. S.—For sale.
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
“No more brains than a hen” ha* long been a proverb.
Besides possessing this characteristic. .	,	_	.	,
in all ite entirety, our Maple Ridge re- fhe water cour,e on Iot 9 range 2, ho.d-
porter seems to have quite a smattering of |	water uPon road,
the parrot.	Moved by Coun Morris, sec by Coun
He seems to take the pleasure in call- Henderson, and ite lived, that John
ing himself, “A friend of education.” fYoUDg, > aod iî hereby aPP°,uted a I VICTORIA DAY—MAY 24.
Surely he exhibits the hen in his ' 8Pec,al Supt. to locate a water course ¦ localistic educational reporting and as he !from 8ldeIme between lots 8 and 9 range IfoVND TltlP TICKETS will be
C'mce JühnÎoj ituSteri PryJ^Pan.	'*«'* *' »' “f'ï 1	». pOMible.	80,d f° a11 Stat10nS at One
sey Pryse 3, Luuilla Lynch and Vance two weeksfor a hen to hatch; perhaps I John Morrw.n rre,ented an .count I Way lowest l irst Class t are
ley ^dil i e ‘ M orriisun 'sf IL~ Prime'rfsr.' ''The haÆsÜ correspondence ie j •"«> upon Archie Deeeha. family while	urnfn^Un tif M a^
— Daisy Fnlford 1, Scottie Stone 2, made up almost entirely of quotations, ; they had emal poi; Wa.Uce Magoon an returning Until May Jbtb.
issri-isr »sr i: m *z&sstsT^.... * rasas »¦?a	pw-
Brown and Willie < )1 instead (e-iual) 4. f»end of one her ro live could not be p roofing shed and hall, and Richard I	Cen. Pass-Agent
I. Printer, Sr. - Elsie Maitland 1, jealousy.	Doherty an account of «1 f>0.	For Tickets or further information apply
Ethel Bean 2, Percy Lynch 3, Jessie	Ethelyne. Moved by Coun t.raham, see by Coun | station Ageut.
Fraser 4. I. Primer, Jr.-Lucy John-	------------- Morris, and resolved, that theae account.
cox 1, Claude Fulford 2, Bessie Harris	Bristol Council.	be paid.
3, Alex. Fraser 4. Primary Class-	____ Complaint w.a made by Henry 0.11.-
Eu,a,a Dagg 1, Florence Bean 2, Ken-	.	.	.	her, that the 6th coneea.ion line road
v „rrer\	Minute* of the regular session of the was impassible, and must be repaired at
neth 1 oung d.	1 Municipal Council of the Township of
Bristol, held in the Town Hall on Me day the 5th day of March, 1902.
-AND-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION tYS.
School Reports for April
ARMSTRONG BROS
"J
LADYSMITH.
HONG KEE, Here’s a Pointer
CHINESE LAIPHY,
once.
Moved by Coun Hendeiaon, sec by Coun Morr.fi, and resolved, that road
Clarendon No. 3. —Grade V.—Bertha I Members present : Mayor Lucas and | Inspector John Duff be instructed to Quinn 1. Junior Grade IV.—May j Councillors Smiley, Henderson, Morris j have said road put in proper repair forth-Cox 1, Glennie Story 2, A media Stark and Graham.	| with.
3, Lila Quinn 4. Senior Grade III.— Minutes or last seeeion of Council Moved by Coun Graham, sec by Coun Freddie Smart 1, Flossie Fulford 2, read.	j Morris, and resolved, that this Council
Louilla Stark 3, May Pryse 4. Junior Moved by Coun Henderson, sec by take an action at law against Duncan Grade III,—May Crick 1, May Young Coun Graham, and resolved, that the , Campbell for a boundary line between the
2,	Lyon Fulford, Lila Maitland (equal) minutes of Cruncil as read be adopted. ! 6th concession lino road and lot 11 on
3,	Bella and Edna Stark (equal) 4.	Mitts Mary Hytiop and Mrs Robert the 4th range.
L. Carmichael, Teacher. | Wilson applied to the Council for a cer- Moved by Coun Henderson, sec by
tificate to procure a license to keep a j Coun Graham, and resolved, that the
'TJT nU,e	E™'0'-	v _	Secretary ell upon Mr John W.ter., of,	Wanted, Teacher for the Primary	De-
Moved by Coun	Graham, sec	by Coun	Fallowfield, Ont., and endeavor to col-	pertinent in Shawville Academy for	the
Mite	Ma>*1	MuvI.pu, whn b»- h»™ I Hend*rson, and resolved, that the certi-1 lect the expense incurred in supporting	coming year. School will be open about
very much	improved.	Moved by Coun	Graham, sec	by Coun	Henderson, and resolved, that the Sec-	h a< hmg‘
Miss Cowley, who ie attending the	Smiley, and resolved, that George	Dagg	be	retary be authorized to procure two moulds J Shawville, May 12,1902.
Metropolitan Business College in Ottawa,	paid $18 for	his	house	being	used	by	for making concrete pipes, one mould 24
accompanied by Mr. Frank Clarkson, of smallpox patients for 31 days last winter, inches and 1 6 inches in diameter.
Hamilton, Ont., paid her home a visit	in addition to	the	goods	already given	Moved by Coun Graham, sec by Coun
and remained from Friday nntil Tuesday	him.	Henderson, and resolved, that John
Bertha M. Grant, Teacher
on
Next door to Miss A. McRae’s,
Main Street, - Shawville-
If you want to buy anything in the Watch, Clock or Jewqllery line call on
Laundry work of all kinds done in first class style.
WHYTE.
Teacher Wanted.
\
If you have anything in the Watch, Clock or Jewellery line that needs
repairing bring it to . . .
BRISTOL NOTES
under
WHYTE.
H. LANG,
Sec.-Treas.
Everything Guaranteed as Represented
or Money refunded.
Sole Agent for the Celebrated Jas. Boss Filled Case.
Bull for Service.
afternoon.	I Richard Doherty repoits that he pick-1 Story be and is hereby appointed a Chief I Thoroughbred Ayrshire Bull for service.
We are pleased to welcome Mr. and j eted out the road between the S E j’e of j Road Inspector in accordance with article j Service fee $1,00. Special terms for larger ~	............................ *	“	*	............ ‘ mbers. Apply to
James Armstrong,
Green Lake.
Mrs. George Reid and family back again, lots 6 and 6 range 7, and found road to 1376 of the Municipal Code as it is amendas they have been in Ottawa during the be on’y 24 feet wide in some parts, winter.	I
Mr. Bruce, student of Montreal, I Hendnoo, and resolved, that the Council I of all the Road Inspectors in the Muni
arrived here Friday to take the services | adjourn for one hour.	|
in the Church of England, during the Summer.
Mrs. Marvin Campbell met with a painful accident last week, by ;amroi
nu
od in the year 1900, whose duty it shall Moved by Coun Smiley, sec by Coun I be to have absolute control and direction
Whyte The Watchmaker,
cipûit,. end «he work of .p.ei.11, per- bridge, for the whole MoMpeHty. adjournment, Coun Smi-1 manent character ordered by the Council Moved by Coon Grahsm. sec by Coun |	¦	I to be done on any road shall be done on- Home, that the Council adjourn.
a I Wm Graham complained to the Coun- Ider the apeoial supervision of that ofioer. À W McKechnie, W H Lucas, glcil that R J Wiggins has dammed up land that he also be appointed inspeetor of	Secy Treasurer,	Mayor.
journ zor or Pursuant to ley retired from the board.
Opposite Pontiac House, Shawville.
m
\
_
>\
b
' h .


