###PAGE###1###

(
/
}
\


SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q., THURSDAY, FEB. 11, 1897.
Vol XIV, No. 3ï.
I O.. UKYfSra'SR
r
H. MoLBLLAK, D.D.S.,
DENTIST,
People are amazed to see the tea that McGuire is offering for 20 cents.
Miss McMartin, of Renfrew, spent several days last week visiting friends in Bristol.
McGuire is paying the highett price for hides and pelts. Hides 5 cts ; pelts 60 cents.
Don't fail to attend the Fancy Dresa Carnival in Shawville Skiting Rink on Tuesday evening next, 10th inst.
Mr Joseph McKechnie and family of Carrington, Dakota, are at present on a visit to relatives in this neighborhood.
BANK OF OTTAWA
Beef, pork, bacon, sausage, lamb or mutton, and bread from the best baker in town at McGuire’s Grocery.
Important to Farmbrn.—L. D. Davie,
a de
Bead Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000 00 7_._j...............$1,066.000.00
With Dr, D, McPhee, Madawaska 8L. Arnprlor.
/
of Hhawville, has been operating horning machine in this section for some time past with great success. All who have had their cattle dehorned are perfectly satisfied with the resul.. Work done at the low price of 10 cents per head. Now is the time to have it done.
I
Rest
Board of Dindon
REID BROS
I
Charleh Maure, Ehq. , President, i G boro I Hay, ehq., Vice President. ’
Joint Matmks, Eng. David MacLaiikn. Hug.
iHocal and Cktural.
How. Geo. Buvsow, Jh. Alix. Fbahkh, Eng.,

The E. B. Eddy Company have decided on an increase of eight per cent in the price of matches.
Fifteen and sixteen cents for fresh made butter of good quality, and fourteen cents for eggs at McGuires Grocery.
Quite a number of our young folk took in the Bristol carnival Thursday evening. They report a big crowd in attendance, and a good time.
Four handsome prizes will be awarded for best costumed skaters at the Garnirai to be held in Shawville Skating Kink on Tuesday evening, February 16th.
gy The Shawville Marble and Gran iteWorks, Alex. McDonald, proprietor, turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason able
Dennis Mvbiuy, Eng.
Mr. Bert. Hudgins, son of W gms of Yarm, who went up riter with his town for the purpose of hauling supplies, a short time ago, disposed of his outfit— teams, sleighs and harness —last week for the sum of $245 00. Considering the low price at which horses have been selling for some time past, the sale is considered a good one, but the team is certainly a good one too,
Manitoba is to have separate schools in spite of Mr. Laurier. Archbishop Lange-vin, it is re|M>rtud, has received a sum of money from France to be used in connection with his schools in Manitoba. With this sum and that already received from the various dioceses of the Dominion, he expects no difficulty in keeping him schools in operation until the question of separate schools in settled to his satisfaction.
B. Hod
General Manager (Local) Manager
tiROROE BURN
•.jl1
A 01NRRAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
in the Domiu
' Draft» Issued onall Banking point»
Ion, United Stales and Greet Britain.
Notes and pills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
The fancy dress carnival at Portage du >rt last Friday waa a grand success.
Shawville
Renfrew, Bryson, and wall represented. The event wound up with a bop at the Rattray House.
were
rates
Sums of $1 and upwards received U Savings De partaient. Interest credited half yearly.
Offlce Hours 10 a. m. to Sp. in. Saturday 10am
to 1 p. m.
IMPORTERS
Markiaob —Mr. Horris E Chamberlin cf Wakefield was united in marriage to Miss Marin Hatri* of Clarendon at Ottawa Dominion Church parsonage by the Rev. Dr Saunders, on the 3rd inat.

JÀ8. HOPE & Co.
mJTANUPACTURINO STATIONERS, BOOKSEL IvA 1ère, Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository fibs Ottawa Auxiliary Bible Society, Ottawa, Out.
AND
FANCY IIRESS CARNIVAL SHAWVILLE SKATING RINK TUES1MY EVENING NEXT.
Music by Brass Band.
s. j. McNally, hi, c..
ai
II
Ll
We understand that the members of the Epworih League have volunteered thou services as caretakers of the Methodist church for the coming year. This will mean a saving of about $70 of management.
Tenders will be received at the Inland Revenue Department till February 16th for the privilege of ferrying across the Ottawa river from Pembroke to Allumette Island. The contract will be awarded for five years from May, 1897.
Here's a Chance.—A young lady, age 21, blue eyes, dark brown hair ; very clever and attractive, would be pleased to correspond with young gentlemen with a view to matrimony. Address, Irene Valentine, Waltham P. 0., Pro. Que., Can.
The Montreal Star Indian Famine Fund reached over $24,000 on Saturday. One hundred dollars of this amount were sent in by Archdeacon Naylor—the contribu tions of St. Paul’s church congregation and other friends in this neighborhood.
Physician, Surgeon and Accoucheur.
Office - Campbell’s Bay.
Lily Gbeeso Factory.
GENERAL - -MERCHANTS.
A meeting of the patrons who have signified their intention of purchasing the above named factory, by forming a joint stock company, wan held in Hudgins’ hall, on Friday the 5th iust, Mr. William Corrigan presiding.
The meeting being but sparsely attended it was resolved to postpone all business until Friday the 12th iust., at 1, p.in., when a large and representative meeting is desired.
Messrs. W. C. McDowell, R. W. Hod-gins and E. W. Hudgins were appointed as a committee to make all necessary arrangements for meeting on the 12th met.
E. W. Hodoins,
Shawville, Feb. 8th. Sec’y pro. tern.
Ok Special Interest to Ladies : Having removed my stuck of millinery to the building adjacent to the Pontiac House and recently occupied by Mr A Smiley, I wish to inform my numerous customers that I now fully prepared to meet their requirements in the millinery line. My stock was never larger or more complete. Intending purchasers will well to inspect my stock. A large assort to select from. Miss Annie McRae.
A Sickly Time.—A great deal of sick ness prevails in this neighborhood at present, and as a result the medical men are nearly run off their feet, so great is the demand for their services. To make matters worse in this regard, Dr. Knox, who has been poorly for some time, became completely broken up last week, and in fact at one time was in a most critical con dition, which stage, we are glad to report has passed.
Mr. Thus. Telford, who also had a very serious attack of lung trouble, is on the mend, but in a decidedly weak condition
Mr. Silas Young one night last week had a very bad attack from an old foe, and was a very sick man for several days. He recovered sufficiently, however, to leave for Montreal on Saturday, where he has gone to consult a specialist as to the nature of his trouble, which is some affec tion of the stomach, and very distressing. Mr. Sam. Caldwell, of this staff, accom parried him to Montreal. Hie friends all pe the trip may be beneficial Mrs. Thomas Wilson, sr.,
to the board
B. S. DOWD, K.D..C.M.
M. D., C. M. Trinity: L. R.C. P. AS., Edinhuiuih' Licentiate or Faculty or Phyhicians and
SuaosoNB, Glasgow.
Office A Residence in late Dr. Aelley'i House, Qnyon Office hours : 8 to 12 s. m. and 7 to 9 p. iu.4
do
G. G. STEWART,
-THE ARCADE-
STORE,
PHYSICIAN •> AND SURGEON,
1. R. C. P. AND 8., EDINBURGH.
Residence and office In A. Hm l ley’s house, El inside.
Office hours—8 a.m., to 12 a m., and 7 p.m. Telephone No. 2.
Arnprior, Ont.
Portage du Fort to the Front#
The first skating carnival of the season was held on the rink in Portage du Fori, on Friday evening, February 5fh, and was a most brilliant success in every particular. The rink was beautifully decor* ated and well illuminated, reflecting much credit on the manager, Mr. Fraser. The weather was all that cohid be desired and the Attendance very large. The names of all tDose who appeared in costume have not been received as yet.
After ten o'clock the elite of our village entertained friends from Bryson, Calu met, Shawville, Westmeath, Cobden, Renfrew, Arnprior and other places, at the Rattray House, where a most enjoy able time was spent. The spacious dining room was cleared, and the many beautiful ladies and handsome gentlemen (about 100 in number) several wearing the brilliant costumes prepared for the carnival, trip ped “the light fantastic toe*' to the strains of excellent music.
Refreshments were served and justice done to the many good things pre pared for the occasion. At about five o'clock a. m. Saturday, the company dis persed, each and every one pronouncing the first social event of the season a most pleasant one ; also thanking the genial host, Hr. Behan, and his kind lady, who contributed so much to the suosess of the gathering, and wishing them every success and many years to cater to the wants of the public
AftmiJK McConnell,
A TTuttNKY AT LAW, Main 8t. Hull, <4ue, will, at request, attend allcourt» n ttte district. All oorrespondeneeprompt-y answered.
Will be at 8ha wvllleflrtt Thursday ofeacb month.
Mr. Chris. Caldwell, j)f the Pontiac House has recently imported an apparatus from New York which is attracting considerable attention “Feather Light Power Horse Clipper,” and from the trials that have been made with it so far, the machine does its work “like a charm.” Chris., we understand, is now prepared to do all the horse-clipping which may present itself, and if he runs out of work in this line, it will not surprise us to hear of his making a tour of the county next spring when sheep shearing begins, as it is said the machine will make a slick job of that kind of work.
P S.—Bargains in Remnants, Furs and Winter Goods.
it is called the
yet
HENRY AYLEN,
ADVOCATE Hull# - ¦ • Que.
Mr. Aylen will regularly attend the sessions of the Courts at Bryson.
We extend our sympathy to Mr. Alex, and Mrs. Smiley of Clarendon in the loss of their little daughter, Jessie, who succumbed to grippe on Sunday, at the age of two years and five months. Her re-were interred in St. Paul’s church cemetery on Monday.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
ho

72 MAIN 8T. • HULL QUE.
The £owon Fiend Abr oad —The man who for â penny bribed his child to go to bed supperless, and then sneaked in and stole the coin from his slumbering cot, may be justly execrated as a creature of the meanest and most contemptible sort, but after all, he seems a prince to the vile wtxitch, who can, without provocation, deliberately throw poisoned food to an unoffending dumb animal, and then skulk off to gloat with ghowlish glee over the heinousness of hie atrocious act. Shawville has recently had a visitation from a craven hearted scoundrel of this nature. His portion should be among the cut throats and crooks who languish within the walls of St, Vincent de Paul Pent tentiary, and if Justice has anything to do with shaping hie destiny, he will timately repay the penalty of his misdeeds by spending the declining days of his miserable existence in that or some other kindred institution.
is among
those who are prostrated at present, and we regret to learn her case is of a very serious nature—heart trouble being the cause.
The same may be said of Mr. Thomas Elliott, who is in a very low condition from pneumonia, which set in about eight days ago, from an attack of grippe.
Diphtheria still exists in several places in the neighborhood, and some victims have been claimed by the scourge. From this disease Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Mee, jr., mourn the loss of their only child.


mama
At Pontiac House, Shawville, on Court days —6ib February, flih April, 1st June, 1st October and 6th Dtoember.
Will attend all Uw courts in Districts of Ottawa and Pontiac If required.


Waltham Dote.

». A. McHAY, B O L.
OTARI PUBLIC. Clerk of the Magistrates Uourtat tihawville . Agent for the Credit Fouler Franco Canadian. Money to lend on easy terms.

The weather was beautiful all last week until Saturday, when we hsd a down fall of snow which lasted all day.
Miss La belle, and her friend Miae Harkins, were the guests of Mrr. Geo. Jewell last week.
Miss J. Campbell who has been visiting friends in Pembroke returned home on Saturday.
Mims Katie Poupore spent a few days last week with friends in Stafford.
Miss Merchant, our popular teacher, returned on Sunday and re opened school on Monday.
Mr. Chouinard, our much respected station, is, we are glad to say, recovering from a severe attack of la grippe.
Misa Jessie Findlay has returned from Montreal, where she went a short while ago to become a trained nurse.
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor were pleasantly
Friday to receive a visit from Mrs. Win. O'Brien of

N
JOHN COYNE.
LERK OF THE CIRCUIT AND MAGISTRATES*
Ç0URT8 FOR THE DISTRICT OF PONTIAC
Aî PORTAGE DU FORT, P. Q.
All business entrusted to blm will receive Immediate attention.
Com
Death of Captain Cowley.
Many people in this county will learn with deep regret of the death of Captain Cowley which occurred at his residence, Richmond Road, on Thursday morning last. The deceased gentleman, who was a resident of Clarendon for a great many years, and whose business associations brought him into contact with a large number of the people of the Ottawa valley, by whom he was held in high esteem, had been in declining health for some months preceding the end. He had tered upon the 81st year of his age. Three sons (the eldest of whom is Mr. Mailes Cowley, of Bristol Corners J and three daughters survive him. Hie remains were interred at Beech wood cemetery on Saturday afternoon.
WILLIAM tLLIOIT
TSAIL1FF of the superior court
i> gbawville que., respectfully solicits iraireiuentsforany business In connection „ Ah all Courts In the County. Collections made and p-ompt returns assured
Bristol Carnival
ul-
The following is a list of the costumed skaters who attended the carnival at Bris* toi Corners on Thursday evening last :
Ladies.—Maggie Richards. Lizzie McKech* nie, “I don’t want to play In your yard.** Mabel Mayhew, Starlight. Molllo Caldwell, Spanish Senorlta. Maggie 8. Macfarlane, Crazy Patch. Mabel Wright. Fairy. Nellie McColgan. Tambourine Girl. Ethel Laird, Little Red Riding Hood. Maggie Laird, May Queen. Emma ra g, Snow Ball. Lillie Thom son, Scotch Lassie. Bella Thompson, Heather Bell. Hattie M Campbell, Japanese House M>itd Millie Mr.Farfane. Summer. Lavina Richards, Maid of Athens. Mag*l* Thompson. School Girl. Eva McLeod. Red Riding Hood "Annie McKlPop. Starlight
Jemima McKlIlop, Sunflower,__Annie Me
Nulty Waiter. M E KHroy, Starlight
Graham, Snowshoe. Lucy Graham, Stars and Stripes Ida Craig. Snowflake. Mabel Ramsay. One Lltt’e Girl Ih Blue. Jan et Telfer, Nurse. Mabel Campbell, Water Lily. Nettle Graham, Snowflake.
Gents.-A Ross. Colored Gentleman. R bert, Thompson, Highlander. Lome Nelson, Sailor Boy. A Armstrong, Football James Bolan, Toosy. Alex Wilson. Nigger Boy. Lisle McLeod. Sailor Boy. J O Ur Leod, Plasterer. Andrew Davis. Washerwoman. George Lothian, Jess	,J
H McKlIlop, Nigger Dude. Fred McKechnle Modern Woman. Wm Coyle, Negro. Collins Young, Newsboy. L. Davis, Sal'or. James Kilroy,Clown Wm Beckett. Hockey Play er. James Laird, Nigger Dude. Robert Russell, Young Mother. Albert Baird. Nigger Dude. Gilbert Telfer, Cowboy Willie Cam n bell, Sailor Boy. Walter Graham. Darkle Sailor Boy. George Graham. Little B»y Blue Gordon Mnyiiew, Football Player. Herbert W Fraser, tester. Rich. Thomson. Old Woman. W Flo: n. Father’s Delight, f. XV. Allen, Hockey a R McGuire, % McDonald and A Morrison, Marines.
Those who were successful in winning
the prime weflpBH|PH	HE
Spanish Senorita ; Mr. R Thoinp**n, Highlander ; Miss Maggie Lrird, May Queen ; Master Geo. Graham, Little I> •> Blue. Messrs. Kennedy, Keon, and A. McFarlane acted ae judges.
en
wi
One of those happy little events which tend towards making life’s journey still happier took place at the house of Mr. Thomas Dagg, Thorne, on Friday the 6th iust., for on that occasion several of the young people of St. James Church, Leslie, came together to spend a pleasant evening and to assure Misa Charity Dagg of their love and esteem.	¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦
the evening was an address which was read by Rev. Mr. Coffin, as follows :
To Mise Charity Dagg :
We, the undersigned Incumbent and parishioners of 8-, James Church, Leslie, bear-ng with much alarm of your late Illness, and seeing your place at the House of God-bit herto a I wajs regularly filled—vacant for a long Mme, take this opportunity of ex pressing our sincere sympathy and reg and at the same time our deep sense or appreciation and thankfulness for your 'a" servi sea In the House of God, which we know to have been performed on your part as a labor of love. Your attendance In connection with church practices and your faithfulness diligence and reverence In leading the praises of Almighty God by presiding over the organ every Lord's • ay, has not been lost sight of by us
Will you accept from us this small token of our love and esteem,coupled with the hope that under Almighty God you may be raised tip for a long r sphere of usefulness, and that you and yours may be blessed In their lives
Mies Dagg, who was taken by surprise, thanked the friends very heartily for their kind words and nice present, and the spirit which prompted both, and added in conclusion that that work was always a pleasure to her.
After a few games had been indulged
in and supper partaken of, the young people went tu their rt*t6vdtive home#.
36

BAILIFF OF SU PURI OR COURT,
OFFICE I—COURT 8T., SHAWVILLE
surprised their daughters,
Westmeath, and Mrs. Wm. Richardson
of Forester's Falla.
Two of our young men had a very strange experience lately ; they continued going to see the same girl till the dog died.
What two ladies were caught in the storm on Saturday Î Poor girls escort.
Hoping I am not imposing on good na-kind Editor,
I remain,
on
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
en

ST LAWRENCE HALL.
IV *. iIcLEaN .Proprietor, Maiust.Quyon,Que. Lf This house Is In ever/ way furnished to afford ¦xjelleut scoomwodatlon for the travelling public. Commercial men will Mod the sample rooms second to none on the road. The Baris always supplied with th® best brands of Liquors, Wines, and Cigars. Good Llvsry l n Connection.
The feature of
El
na
had no
Indian Famine Fund.
GRAND CENTRAL HOUSE,
lure,
In addition to the amount reported last week ($77.16) the following subscriptions have been received toward the East India famine fund :
Mrs 8 AMackay S2, Miss K Judgsnn $1. Miss Jennie Hodgtns $1, John Hodglns II, Geoag Cashmere 50c.. R Corrigan 25c . R C and Naylor II. W S Naylor 90c.. A Friend. SOo.. John T Fletcher 50c . Thos Fades «oc., Wm G Chianell SI, Wm Fades ll.-S12.85.
Collected by W. H. Corrigan : John Carson , A Friend 50r., George O. Hodgt » 50c. . John J Hodglns $%. Joseph Sly 50c , John W Hudgins 70c.. John B Corrigan 50c., Edward Whew 500., Edward Brownlee$2.—17 70.
Parkman Lift.—Mat Sinclair 50c., Mrs 8
wMnMbj,smwrj
Jobn St Lewis 45c.. A 8 Smart $1, John Fu<-ford.Jr., 60e., Daniel Leltch 25c.. James Ful-ford 25c., John Smiley 25c . W Horse fie Id 50c , Mrs A A Smart 28 ..Carrie Smart 25c., John J Dagg 60..George Dagg 25c , James W Smart 25c.. Kdward Smiley 40c , Thos Smiley 25c , A Friend $!<-##
Total amount received to February 8th >.

ret
Floes.
Feb. 8
0. Turpain - - Prop.
Shawville Produce Quotations.
17 to 18
26 t*27
HPHIS hotel has been recently opened for A the public accommodation, and has been equipped In first class stye with all
neB»“ni7n'ih«|rwHhIcholoellquor* end ele.

Oat»
** *
• •••••• • • #
37
eesesee#
Buckwheat
90
Rye

14
Engs
PONTIAC HOUS E
m Shawville,	I
gums
free ’baa to and from all trains O. CALDWEI L, -

17 to 18 12 to 13 4 60 to 4 86 , 0 00 to 0.00 9 00 to 10.00
____26 to 30
. 4.76 to 6.26 .... 40 to 60
Wool.........
Butter.......
Pork per 100 Beef per 100
Hay per ton.....
Calfskins.......
Hides...........
Pel ta..........
Turkeys »per lb .., •eee a
4 ue.
#*
• SSI


Mias Moilie Caldwell,
ity
0*
5 to 61/
per lb
lx«
PROPRIETOR


ùrA





###PAGE###2###
THE DIAMOND JUBILEE.
A DECAYING NATION.
The powers have presented a draft of the reforms demanded in Turkey to the Sultan.
Princess Louise, of Helgiuin Is reported to have eloped with a military officer.
Italy has ordered six battalions of troups to le put in readiness to start
_	for Maasoavah.
Interesting Items About Our Owa Country,	Sir Donald A. Smith, the Canadian I The Chilian Government is being de-
Oreal Britain, the United States, end High Commissioner, has donated the frauded annually of more than |10,-AU Parts of the Globe, Coideneed end sum of five hundred pounds to the In- 000.000 through smuggling.
diaii famine fuml	,	it ia announced that two million peo-
l lie usual Jacobite demonstration pfc aire now employed upon the retook place in front of the statue of fip( works in the famine districts of Charles I. in 1 rafalgar square, Ijon- ingu don on Saturday.
Creighton as It is hop of London took place on Saturday.
The bait lee hip Monarch was placed in commission at Chatham on Tuesday. She will go to South Africa»
It is said the Queen's daughters are to l*e made Duchesses in their own right to mark the diamond Jubilee year.
•Sarllleg	Wade by the French
Premier.
The National Alliance for the In creaee of the Population of France.
Mr. Wilfred in.rlrr trrrpU* Tr.p..rd founded b, Ur. Uertillon. Chief of the Naiionai Address Irani «•»»•*• eMaea Municipal Statistic Department, of Par-«Usa mies.	ts. in view of the alarming state of
A despatch from London mays -Re- the population of France, am shown by plying on Friday in the llouee of Com- the recently published census, is dis-_* to Sir George Baden-Powell. mem- cussing e curious proposal from M. Aie-l>er of the Kirkdale division of Lit- line, the French Premier, with e view
m: vsy
firmed the report that dm I u*m»er o ^demies shall only lie given in the case Vai>e Colony, in common with all the of families of not less than three liv-
Quecu on the occasion of her diamond ** concessions in the colonies, etc., jubilee. Mr. Cham I»'r lam added that etc., shall be aimilarly given, and that
u .	...	, .	, ,	each case the wife of the Premier, hie serious consideration. Dr. Her til Ion,
be^no'comrnutàîiDn'of ^be %h%Æ	% tZT^IL ZVny'TT^U
imprisonment passed upon Lady Scott	drives daily.	are	included in the invitation.	'	change for the lletter	takes place
for libelling her san-m-law, Karl litis- j£ Li denied at Madrid that negoti- sphere is official authority for etat- France will soon disappear as a great
. at ions are pending for a new com-	Utll_n h;A- through! the nation.
.	.	. Lieut.-Governor Kirkpatrick, who re- mereiaJ treaty between Spain and the	‘	v	Secre- Germany, in 1841, it appears, had
The Montreal Patrie nays	it	is	ru-	oently underwent an operation in a I	United States.	RL	Hon. Joseph	t ham «erlain,	about the same population as France
tnoured that there will soon	be a	Papal	London private hospital, continues to	^he lir()pusea	visit of	the	Czar	and	tary	of State for	the Colonies,	invited	t)ut to-day she is credited	with having
ablegate in Canada.	make favourable progress towards re-	Csanna to Home and	London	at	the	^	\y. Laurier,	Premier of Canada,	14,000.000 of inhabitants	more than
A strike of garment workers ui the oovery.	end of April has l»een cancelled, owing .	(b colonial Premiers of France. Then, again, during the last
wholesale clothing factories of liamil- it is understood that the Prince of £o tbjp health of their Majesties.	t.	,,	.	• ¦.	, liui„n this sum- (ive years, the population of Germany
2 'üsSkîsj'&sssïS	z	‘
ess—	pmHS bssss
fts aftwar	“wrests s Sa? sfc a % g/v
iæt s'vssær«:	gwÆ. <. trzssa sr. p«u~$5
frozen to death last week.	Anglo-American arbiii au i t levity. Prinoeee Feodore of k axt	g	I tonic, conference while the colonial
mamÊàmmmsm
of danger.	tion.	I one exception, i he Mayor of Montreal, alout 6.000 men. The garrisons at
The Donaldson line steamship War- The steamer Cervic, five days over-	ROYAL ARTILLERY BAND. The first meeting will Lie held here in Gibraltar and Malta absorb over 14,-
wick, which ran on the Yellow Muir due from Liverpool, has arrived at	____	a few weeks. Mayor Bingham is de- 000 men, the West Indies alxmt 8,000,
ledge. Nova Scotia, two weeks ago, has New York.	cidedly m favor of the proposal,	the West African colonies, 1,000; Hong
disappeared from eight.	A father, mother and three children | rr#p#*ed u laviic ibe tamoai» organim j	Kong, nearly 3,000 ; the straits settle-
The tSpringbiil miners' strike is not were frozen to death near Little Kock,	ilea te ihN <«mairy.	-	ments, 1,500; OvIon l
settled, and the union has called out Ark., yedterday.	A petition is being circulated through-	rrflT)017TilIV0	Tl 1 m I T PTDP0	Mauritius. 1,000 ; Halifax
the men who were fighting the fire Buffalo is suffering	from a water fa- out Llie provinces of Ontario, Prince	fl U D U H llJ Jjl U	ü A1 ALl 1 IfllfiU	Jkl3nUwi 1'o00; Lyprus.	150. and
in one slope of the mine.	mine, caused by the intake being chok- I Edward Island Nova Scotia, New	_ Sl" Ue < nA' 300e
Fed£auc£o? lJKSÏ hw	^Tte^miTrLTof Tonaw.nds, N. Y..	Bru»,wick, Quebec, Manitoba and Brit- SEVEN PERSONS BURNED TO DEATH
an Alien Labour law, and reciprocity	are a unit in demanding a protective	t&h Columbia, which will be forwarded |	ON SATURDAY	NIGHT#
in labour with the United States.	policy on Canadian lumber entering the | to his Excellency, Lord Aberdeen,
Bricklayers on the sewer works	in	United States.	eurnor-Gener&l of Canada, asking that | Wn(#	arhrae«lrr au«l rive	Children	TerUH
London are on strike because Foreman A bill has been introduced in the ^ exert his influence with the Imperial
•SJ	•» - Sts Sfî^Æasrsïïssæss » -, *,
The fourteen-vear-old eon of Mr Hen- « tbat State	>’al ArtUlery band make a tour of A despatch from
, a	,
mmm
mam bu.I.ang duxmg .he	«um	th^'u no"^n°whv^the TrlUleTy iHb/SrZZ^y Haul bmld'nj at	"U£^opI^^heM
The profila on the silver	and copper	According to	statistic,	prepared in	i Tinny nn|UrüT PTF PH A TN	five children, Henry, aged eleven ;	reported and the men present resalv-
coinage accruing to the	Dominion	Gov-	Albany, N, lthe axeiage	ot wages	I V Jull 1 UUlill Jjlj 1 Hi Ullülli	Maggie, seven ; Kale, nine ; John, three	ed to apm-al to t ue Mayor for funds,
"ErEZSi: E	OP C0LD,T0RAGp" FACILITIES SAS
vitation to speak at the Washington	The betrothal is	announced in Lon-	BEEN	ESTABLISHED.	Sehroeder,	was	in	a	nearby	saloon
birthday celebration in Chicago on don of	Alice Harper, daughter of	_	playing cards while his wile and chil-
Feb. 22, owing to pressure of business, the late Henry Harper of Philadelphia,	will br Alloiied oh the at?niai»bip ^ren were dying The second fire
A convict named Korrigan plunged ^erl? Pofthe 13t h titiasars	OD' °r" llae.-Begalar aervlees Will be Orgaa 8larled ttl 3 o'clock this moming in a
à fork into the arm of a convict nam-	m^rl> 01	D ... . T I u*l	Between	t-,»du	and Several Old
ed McDonald in Kingston Penitentiary	(-secretary Adam,	of the British Le-	f
Wednesday. Horrigan was sent to	galion at Brussels,	has been appointed	"	'	e	157	Fourteenth	street.	In this	lire
the prison of isolation.	to succeed Viscount Gough,	secretary	The Minister of Agriculture has now	three tenements, Nos. lûo, 157 and 15ÿ,	There are too little boys in Germany
A shortage of about $ÿ0,000	has	been	of the British Embassy at	Washington.,	utmost completed arrangements for a	were eauiely wrecked and No. io3 vva*»	wbo honestly believe they have rid
ss'&tasr4 —— " - — «»» - - ^	-................................................... ...
“wsl Tht Ute Mr W. 8 The new timber dry dock, and the tending from the point of production lù7_	was -MaL«l Jianglee. eight Huntebuxg, and are 8 and 12 years of
¦	¦¦	¦¦ I	¦ the Brooklyn, N.Y., navy to the ports of entry in England and years old. llie lire at 4i0 Newark age. The other day they were left bÿ
—— * cm - «.tt «I fflSfïKtfïï,":1",:	.„	„o„,, ,o ,.t.o.
run a weekly or fortnightly service ov-	1$ruimd n0or of a three-storey frame	Ur house. A man with blackened face
er their lines, thus providing ample iac-	^Ui|dmg. tichaffer occupied the sec-	and black attire suddenly entered, and
is.nic	as- * *,«. »•„„
secured this service by giving the com- ieij Chas. achrueder and his do >ou *peP y°ur mune>r { panies a small guarantee as to the	£amdyi while James Blanchfield and	Faith and fear alike induced them
amount of freight they will receive. At	£ainlly occupied the rooms m the rear,	to believe the intruder. They insant-
M out real there is already ample cold	ïbe ^i^chiield family discovered the	ly pointed to a trunk, where the mod-
storage accommodation provided by	££re barely made their escape by	e.st wealth of their parents was trea-
private enterprise^ but Mr. Fisher has	wgy ^ l£ie rüofs of the adjacent build-	Mired. While Umî murky imposter was
seen that the chain of communication	iL was impossible to discover the ransacking the chest the younger boy
with the British markets is complete, £aLe o£ the tichrueder family until the whispered to his brother to go and by making arrangements with the van- £jre ^ad subsided, when the tnidies of fetch the gun and shoot the devil ous steamship companies for cold stor- Lhe mother and children were found. dead. The brother jumped at the idea,
age facilities on board of their vessels.	________________________________ __ feet bed the weapon, crept up to the
The cost of this work is limited by	unsuspecting thief, and lodged the
the Government, which assumes the re-	A LONG-DELAYED SHAVE.	whole charge in his back. He fell dead,
sponaibility for one-half of the out lay	A	A
payable in ~ the course of three* years. TeS WWjpytd French poet, Saint*
The Elder Dempster Company will pro- Foix, who, in spite of his large income,	THE INDIAN ARMY.
V°i^l2 r, alwayha ,n deb,t' “l,ünr dar m a The Secretary of State for India, I*rd running irom Montreal to Bristol, giv- barber a shop, waiting to I* shaved. George Hamilton, replying to queuing a weekly service. The Messrs. Al- He was lathered, when the door open- tious based on the statement made in
tr- rtrr'
don, and the Messrs. Allan will furnish creditors.	No	sooner	did	this man	see	contagious disease in some shape or oth-
one;balL?l_t“,rV,0eAl°wLJjke,r, g%to^ thaa	he	anar“y	demanded	er, and that 522 per 1,000 of the troop.
COLONIAL PREMIERS INVITED TO
VISIT LONDON.
THE VERY LATEST FRPM ALL THE
WORLD OVER.
mons
CANADA,
The curfew by-law will be enforced in Hamilton.
Parliament has been called to meet on March 11.	|_H WÊÊÊÊM
The «trike at the Springhili, N. S.. bjeome parliamentar) mine# has been settled.	* Daily I v «'graph.	«	Advices from Havana says that thn
The Fias tern portion of Lake Erie is The body of Isaac Pitman, the invent- conflict between the sugar planters ami reported to lie frozen over.	or °f fhe Pitman system of Shorthand, Weyler continues with more bitterness
Mr. John McKergow wus elected Pre- u^i^r^on^wTdav W“	et thai> ever
aident of the Montreal Board of trade.	*	*	*	,	.	.	.
liai Stock from *8UU,UUU to «i.uw. ,(| write hia memoira which will be ed- Dantsig.
ited by the Countess of Warwick
The Grand Duoheaa Xenia, sister of Mr. T. P O'Connor has sold hie Even- I the Czar, and wife of the Grand lkike ing Sun to a Tory syndicate, and has Alexander Miohaelovitcb, has given
sketch writer to birth to a son.
The whaler Nimrod has been sent
3K
Hon. J. I. Tarte has completed arrangements for the survey of Fraser River.
A Chatham syndicate is reported to have struck a rich flow of oil at lioth-well.
sell
AN ARMY ON PAPER.
Britain's miliary Ferres mad How They
Are ilcallered.
ub. 20.; Bom-
on
rather more ; J, Nova Scotia,
THOUSANDS ARE STARVING.
Awfal Tale el Iftenlllatloa Aaiong Hit
In Our An l'.lgliMenr Old €>lrl la Ihr
A special from Chicago says Chi-Hoboken. N.J., I ca8° has eight thousand families whc
two ! are actually starving to death. It has ten thousand wives hua)winds and chll-
Ol lirr.
SHOT THE DEVIL DEAD.
five-storey, double-deck tenement at < “riant Kxprrlenee of Two Lillie Boy* Is
«.rrmniiy
on
disv-o
Co un
Treasure
Campbell
largest in
,	... .	,	yard, is reported to he two feet shorter
Hon.	Sidney > Isher	announces	that	,	aud four me bee shallower than the
he has completed arrangements with ; gpecificatioiis called for. It has already shipping companies at Montreal for cost the Government |538,G79.
°r ttgr‘CUltUra a°ddtt,ry I The United States Senate Commits	V,	, .	,	.	tee on Foreign Relations has agreed
Capt.	Collier	of the London bal\at ion	to rep0rt favourably the Arbitration
Army,	« speaking of	Worldly	Am-	|	treaty, with amendments, the most im-
usements, condemned skating, but ad- partant of which is striking out the mit ted he had never been in a skat- ciause appointing King Oscar, of Swe-mg rink in his life.	| den# umpire.
It is semi-official ly stated that nego-guar- I tiations for a treaty of general arbit-
Premier Laurier has replied to the British Consul-General at Brazil, an teeing the expenses of returning ele- I ration between France and the Unit-?en more Canadian families, compris- | ed States were commenced about a year ing forty persons from Brazil
ago, but were only resumed when it was announced that the Anglo-American treaty had been definitely conclud-
Capt. McNeil, of the Donaldson 85.
Amarynthia has been condemned to
According to official returns the pro- Qf New York, show little or no actual Auction of pig iron in Canada more than change. There are trade fluctuations doubled during the last fiscal year, 84,- here and there, and a tone of fair con-507 tone having been produced, as fide nee in the future appears to exist against 31,641 in the previous year. among commercial men. As a rule trade
London is supplying food and cloth- is dull and prices continue low ; the Ing to a band of 30 gypsies, men, wo- month is called a disappointing one, for men and children, who are encamped the simple reason that expec outside the city, and who are unable to the amount of trade likely to be done to leave their horses having strayed or to the amount of trade likely to be been stolen.	done at the beginning of the year run
been dismissed.	•	fiable confidence.
Pilotage commissioners at Halifax, gt. John. Sydney, Victoria and other corta have been asked to refund to the Government fees appropriated by them during 1896 which were not allowed snder the statutes.
GREAT BRITAIN.
ed
tâtions as
GENERAL.
ï%e reported illn again denied.
Dr. Zedekauer, the Ciar’a private physician, la dead.
Senor Canovas del Castillo, the Spanish Premier, is slightly Indisposed.
i
of the Czar la
WARNING.
The maid who's quick at repartee Can’t catch a man they nay;
She often hits his faults— and «Don't l*e things put that way.
the white FARM.
riSSSBSEl SifSS
A #

be
The formal enthronement of Dr




###PAGE###3###

Kootenay
•ScolK
?
DELICIOUS WfNTHU DÏSIL
• ft
6eme times something Is desired which is a Uttis mere elaborate than the ordinary every-day bill of fare affords, and if the family are fond of oysters, a treat they will relish is stuffed ays-
i
:
e
Cure
It furnishes material for the $ growth of bone, and food for the brain and nerves. It
. Of Cod-liver Oil, with Hy-
•	pophosphites, will fill the sunken cheeks of pale
J children, and give color I lays a strong foundation for $ 2 to the lips.	I growth and development. •
•	j*c. end $i.<x> at all druggists.	#
:
has passed
A LAROB UST OP VALUABLE PRIZES OFFERED FOR CORRECT ANSWERS TO THE QUESTIONS ASKED.
out
:
ters

For two doien large o y itéra make a force-meat with the following ingredients: The breast of an uncooked fowl, chopped, pounded and then rubbed through a sieve ; one-fourth of a cupful of cream or milk, one-eighth of a cupful of stale bread crumbs free of crust, the white of one egg, one tablespoonful of salt, a tiny bit of white pepper and a alight grating of nutmeg.
Put the bread and cream in a small
uoepan and cook until a smooth paste
la formed (it will take two minutes on the back of the range where it should be nut and where it will hardly bubble). Take this paste from the fire and add the seasoning, chicken and the white of the egg well beaten. Mix all well and set away to cool.
Dry the oysters on s soft towel and season them with salt and pepper. Now roll them in fine bread crumtw and lay them on a large dish the forcemeat into twelve parts and mread evenly on twelve oysters. Lay he other twelve oysters on the first iosen
:
the
Will Yea Be Oae of the Successful WleeereP The laducemeal le Great end the Outlay Small.
Experimental
Point
1.	In what year waa Victoria made
Queen of KngOand.
2.	In what year did the Battle of Water-
loo take place.
3.	In what year did the Cattle of Queens Lon Height» occur.
4.	In what year did Quelwo Cl tv
render to the English—which ed French rule in Canada.
5.	In what year was the British North
America Act passed.
The Ladies’ Journal will give free to the first person sending a correct answer to all the above questions, the first prise (the bicyd.e) in the list below. 1 ho sender of the second set of correct answers, another bicycle equal to the first, and so on till all these first prises are given away.
ONE MINUTE CURB FOR TOOTHACHE.
Magical in potency and power, pens-courteous is a divine injunct ion. Court- I rating at once to the diseased nerve.
to the sensitive, so often needlessly wounded.
RK COURTEOUS
To 1»
Never economise poli tones»
and
is now
recognize!
eur
end-*
Pa, whsA ia a down-trodden farmer f He * an aristocrat who bas real cream in his coffee.	*
and
HOW TO CURB CORNS
Easy f Yea. if right way. Get t nam's Painless Corn Extractor never fails to cure, hours awl causes neither comfort. Putnam's Corn tracts corns ; ii ia the beat
you go about it the > btat* or Ohio, City or Toledo. k ^ .lwa„. Put-|	L k. „ *.
senior partner of the firm of F. J Cheeky A ( o. .doing budnene In the City of Toledo. Coua-
For each and tvary case of Catarrh thetcannoE b. ou red b, the ue.ol	Sift*
—- - -	,	. .	. , é , Sworn to before me and subscribed la my
go at once and see her boy, and I must Dree#noe this Stb day of December. A D. 1881
go at once. His Wife-What is the mat-	-
ter wiith the l»y? I don’t know; lmb f eeAL 1
Mr*. Brown lias a book on What to X •>	_ .	. .	„	_ ,
iwftï «tæ» r *, fêgs?StèSES&6
F. J. CHIEN «Y A 00.. Toledo, a JV8eld bz Dr usants. Tie.
Do you know wtovre the bad people who do not go to church go, Johnnie! My pop goes fishing.

endorsed
Divide
Acts in twanty-foiir pain nor dût* Extractor ex
by
THE FIRST PRIZES.
Number one.—A handsome up-to-date, high grade bicycle, by a well known maker, (ladies’ or gentleman's wheel may be preferred.)
Two to Seven.—Kaoh Ten Dollar# in Uold.i	t
Eight to Fifteen.—Each Seven Dollars in Gold.
Sixteen to Forty-nine.—Each Five Dollars in Gold./ i	i
Fifty and Fifty-one.—Each another Bicycle same as No. 1, same choice. Fifty-two to one Hundred.—Each Two Dollars and a half in Gold.,
After these prizes will follow the middle list. To the sender of the middle set of correct answers in the whole competition, counting aJl the correct sets of answers from first to last, will tie given Number One of these
MIDDLE LIST OF PRIZES.
Number One.—A thorou date Bicycle, same as .
51 in first list.
Two to Twenty-five.—Each a set of <*ie dozen beat heavy plated Tea or Din-1 ner Knives.
Twenty-Six to Forty.—Each Ten Dollars in gold.
Forty-one to Fifty-nine.—Each a Ladies' Handsome Gold Watch.
Sixty and Sixty-one.—Each a 'Bicycle same as described for Nos. 1, 50 and 61 in first list.
Sixty-two to One Hundred.—Each a half dozen silver plated Forks.
Then will follow the consolation prizes, when to t he sender of the last set of correct answers will be given No. one (the bicycle), and so on counting from the last received up to one hundred, when each sender of correct answers up to one hundred inclusive will be given the prizes as per this list of
LAST OR CONSOLATION PRIZES.
No. one—A Bicycle, same as No. one in first list.
Two to Seventeen —Each a handsome silver plated Tea Set of 4 pieces. Eighteen to Thirty—Each a handsome Gem Ring.,
Thirty-one to Thirty-five—Each Ten Dollars in UoldL*	.
Thirty-six to Fifty—Each Three Dollars in Cas lu
Fifty-one to Sixty-one—Each Five Dollars in Caah.1
Sixty-two to Eighty-two.—A fine Gold Gem Ring Eighty-three to N inety—Each Seven Dollars in Cash.
Ninety-one to One-hundred—Each a fine Gold Watch.
Each person competing must one dollar for one year** subscription to THE LADIES' JOURNAL, which is an old established and widely circulated monthly publication. It consists of thirty-six large pages, with all the latest fashions well illustrated, serial and short stories, department, our boys and girls, household and tic, in short something to interest ev* ery member of the family. It is well worth the email subscription price, even if you do not get a prize ; but all the prizes offered above will be given. No charges of any kind will be exacted from prize winners.
Any person can compete any number of times, but a dollar must be sent with each set of answers and the Journal will be sent for a year to any desired address.
All five questions must be answered correctly to secure any prize.
The competition will remain open from now till last day of April next.
Ten days will be allowed after date of closing for letters to reach the Journal office from distant points, bub must not bear later post mark than 30th April, '97. The decision of the publishers of The Ladies Journal must be considered final.
Full names and addresses of winners of prizes will be given in the April number of the Journal. No winner's name will be published, however, if a request, is made not to do so.
Address and make all orders payable to The Ladies' Journal, Toronto, Canada.
n. i>muting gently with the aid of knife to make them stick.
plate the yolk of egg left from the forcemeat and
___whole egg ami beat well with a
fork. Season with salt. Dip the stuffed oyster# in this egg and then roll them in bread crumbs. irelng careful to have them part covered with the
When all axe done 1 Mtsket and cook brown in fat
The Doctor—Mrs. Drown has sent for
he
Put into a deep
Clergymen
Physician»
the
A. W. GLEASON.
Notary Publia.
one
For Constipation take K&rC s Clover Root Tea, the great Bl/ood Purifier. Cures Headache, Nervouaneae, Eruptions on the Face, and makes the bead oinar as a bell.
“Now thnti, my hearties," said the gallant captain, “you have a tough battle before you. Fight like heroes till your powder s gone, then—run. l'iu a little lame, and I'll start now."
ON hi OF THOUSANDS
" I was a Martyr to Dick and Nervous Headache#. Caused by Constipation, Unfit for Busineas on an Average 2 Day# a Week.
egg and crumbs place them in a frying until they are a rich at the temperature of about 400 degrees. It will take about one minute and a half to fry them. Serve with Maderia sauce. The stuffed oysters may be kept in a cool place for several hours before frying.
and
Hospital
WHAT Dit. A. E. SALTER SAYS. Buffalo, N. Y.—Gents:—From my personal knowledge, gained in observing the effect of your Shiloh's Cure In of advanced Consumption, I am prepared to say it ia the moat remarkable Remedy that haa ever been brought to my attention. It haa certainly saved many from Consumption
Executives
GAVE AWAY HIS CLUTCHES
as an
The Story of Mr. J. McDonogh, of
Tiverton, Ont.
ughiy Nos. 1,
up-te-50 and
absolute
Deacon Black—J low did you like \t\ down at Bloom*own f Rev. White—I tell you they're wide awake down there. Ob* then you didn't preach for them#
Stop that Cough 1 Take warning. It Lead to Consumption. A 25c. boive your life.
Fre* Twe Severe Attacks ef
Feared
Ita fared
Ike
cure for
I
Tremble Wa» tielng le HI rill* fared Hlm aad Me tiare Away Ml» t ralehe*.
i
"Some Pille hcliwd me, l>ut Dr. new a Liver Pill# at ‘JO ots., a Vial Cured Me.
" Thie ia My Own Testimony, and it’s a Fact. Now I Never Lome an Hour or Mima a Meal."
Rheumatism,
may
Ue of Shiloh's Cure may
From the Tiverton Watchman.
Anyone seeing the robust health and active form of Mr. Jack MyLkmogh, who ia managing Mr. A. Gilchrist t harness busincs# during his absence in Scotland, would lie considerably surprised to learn that only two years ago he was a confirmed invalid and unable to walk without the aid of crutches. Hut such is the case, and hearing of his remarkable cur® from the exvruviatiiiK agony of inflammatory rheumatism by the use of Ukr. Williams’ Pink Ptlh * representative of the Watchman called upon him to learn the particulars. Mr. McDonogh was found working at t tie harness l*‘Dch. a# well and active as any
young man Ln the country, and in J to a question alwut his cure said.— "Yes. mine was quite a remarkable
years wgo last spring, while at hiune in W ingham. I was suddenly taken down with rheumatism, my feet and ankles swelling so that 1 could not even put on an overshoe. I was in bed for three weeks under the care M the doctor, and had to use crutches for a long time after that. The next spring the
my joints, but
¦"«:»* to Ss ~
¦
¦
THE WINDIEST WON.
i Whooply come to
Jack—I say, Marie, if thirty-two degrees is the freezing point, I wonder what the squeezung point isf Marie—I don't know, Jack; possibly two in the shade.
Bright’s
This is the written testimony of a well known Toronto journalist—you can have his name if you want it. Dr. Ag Liver Pills, at all druggists. 40
Disease,
new s in a Vial, 20 Cents
Shiloh's Consumption Cure cures where others fail It is the Leading Cough Cure, and no home should be without it. Pleasant to take and goes right to the spot.
Those people nett door are still in their honeymoon.
Do you think sol	*
Yes, he goes shopping with her
Kidney
Teachert When a woman's bu/dxind dies, Patsie, what is she called? Pat-
And when
A widder. Teacher a man's wife dies, what do we call him? Patsie (after some thought):	A
wid-out-bo r, mum.
SIC
Ifll
and a host
of other
case
W.P.C 853
Two
Complaints
SI
»
SALADA
THE
%
NEW
INGREDIENT
o«
lo
i t


K
Blnrk and Mixed
lie., 4de., Me, ##e
ws
masters
m Ub
send
TRY
and
Disease
Watson’s Cough Drops
and lends
IH
domes-
FREE 11 3 FREED
the charm
YOUR
CHOICE
Standard writ# for OLS4CO
3
Has for a Fifth of a Century ^ Cured all forms of . . ,
KIDNEY and LIVER DISEASES. THE DREAD
BRIGHT'S
Disease
Is but advanced Kidney Disease.
Either Is Dangerous.
Both can be Cured
If treated in time with Warner’s
Safe Cure.
Accent no substitute. Write for free ^ treatment blank to day. Warner's Safe Cure Co., Rochester, N. Y
of health
or
AGENTS WANTED.
to
Steady work and good pay to men and women. No experience necessary. Write at once. Address,
Standard Silverware Go.
hopeless,
helpless

invalids.
Ex«tatas Education at Lowest Poedhie Oo*
œ	pSSJt
It has
made
Dritish American
Dusiness College
a llionsand
Did Bluffly »
r#
Company, Ltd., ® —sL*
cures of
blowing gave out
eiiiuausin
FAITHFUL TO HIS CAPTAIN.
That was a loyal if not very gentle answer onoe made by a private soldier to Frederick the Great of Prussia,
During a campaign in Silesia, the king made it his habit to stroll through his camp in disguise at night, to come into closer relations with his soldiers.
One night he was stopped by a sentry, but giving the proper password, was permitted to proceed. Instead of doing so, however, he endeavored to tempt the sentry into accepting a cigar, saying that a smoke would solace his long watch.	I The most proaounced symptoms of heart
"» » fi-t the rule.." «id the
soldier.	pales, amothering spells, swelling of e>t or
" But you have my permission," said ankles, nightmare, spells of hungtror exhans-
- — BslEE-EsHS
And who are you?	or palpitate». It U diseased snd tioaiuin. tie
I am the king. jl	,	. I mperative. Dr. Ague w * Heart Cure ha» >aved
"The king he hanged.I" said the in- thousands of lives It absolutely never fail* »o
corruptible sentry, " What would mv | live perfect relief ia 30 minutes, and to cure captain say ?"	*	radically.
Hal
Splendid Equipment end deed Solid Work
Every
/¦* Woman
c
and
4
9

Bright’s
Instant Death
k from
LHeartDisease
Should mjoyUfs.
at the top. It has more teachers, more stud •nth, and assists many more young men and into good positions, than any other we School. Get particulars.
Writ, W. H =HAW
How Many do ?
'JSTÎtl
Disease.
women Canadian Busin Enter any time.
'".r.ï'w.-ONO
Send for Chart Book Mailed Free by
FOR TWENTY-SEVEN YEARS.
Heart Hisenee kill».
DUNN’S OCST> .
BAKING S.S.Ryckman POWDER Medicine Co.,

Relief In 90 Minutee.
ms
tr
Qmpound
MILKS’ (CM.) WSWSMS %"!!**"*
j, ^*i l i t ; I * S f à	v ’ 1 ’ "
«f§p®52

THECOOK'S BEST FRIEND ITTnmiltnn
LARGEST SALE IN CANADA. £L(U1111 UUJLU
4
r: v. :	7 Hfc
• '
% Jr
<

###PAGE###4###
¥¦
NEW
and the OLD.
and reciprocity with the United States.
Mr. Bennett pronounced himself for protection, and has won both a personal and political success that will do much to in spire his party throughout the Dominion.
The North Ontario result is not altogether unsatisfactory to the Conservatives either, though their candidate ha* been beaten. The majority against them l was twelve, and to secure it the Liberals planations. Following that of Mr. Pat had to combine with the	Patrons.	The
tison, published a couple of weeks ago, ap* constituency	was held last	session by Mr.
pe*r» une in the lut iaaue of the Advance McGill,v,ay, who, according to the record itself Oil limny
Ü» l,.«d ... Dr. T. C. ti.boury, ...	P«Plf''• 8tU« «•>» though
states that he also has been ignored in influence of the Government's prestige t he Clearing U V> inter UOO(18|BttJJUy« the matter of the protest dismissal. The | was effective in changing, it would there- jg	important part of til©
Doctor .. much more aevere on hi. politi-1 ^^Sr'ioslmLJ.tnd program. No easing Up in
cal friends than Mr. Pattis,»n, charging K^th sre agricultural constituencies. In this direction them with “intrigue.’ “ ingratitude’ | North Ontario, as in East Simooe, the
and “ slick wire pulling;” We cannot, of ! Conservative	candidate pronounced	him. I	AAc	oro	aTflAjitlO1	ill
«... ,o«ch (.«' lb.	„l ,W. I ...ir .	,h.	FM068	are	amazing	M
22%	m I Dwaa 0*xk,Furm, Kaatl.
better position to judge the actions of his i opponent cannot boast himself of his suc-1 PIIA+llfl Hff AT^S ftllA BOV’S friends than we are, and it i. therefore | com.	| VIWUti», dmfcwa* D *****	"
only reasonable that we should accept hia
The Gquity.
SHAWV1LLE, FEB. 11, 1897.

DR. GABOURY, TOO !
This is a Splendid Time WHO
This seems to be a time for making ex-
O
Newness commence, to .ho, o	Spring
WANTS
THEM ?
A
Flour.
ET
fow
charges ; but Dr. Gaboury should be in a
Oatmeal.
only
ry
Altogether the result will he encourag*
ssrzz, « r;rr;r. |	i
Clothing.
loft.
Rolled Oats.
consider the loyal support accorded him a the same ticket, received in 1891
tew months ago—that he should now turn s,lllcot' h,lN hvvn he,<*. hy a fair majority, I w^yg jn the lead.
, , ,, Al	.	... in spite of every exertion the Liberal par-1 J
i”	sz	»»d	,
gratitude, it seems to us, when he singles	is enough in these three facts to	give rea	StOCK 2,000 yftlCld Ol A Tint,
out one of these friend, and devotes a	eon fPr h"Pi,,8 ^at the turn of	the tide I from thti looms	of tllti faillOUS
whole paragraph to an attack upon him.	LTurieVoownmont. m" with	that	matiufarturers	Walter Crum
Why does he do this ? Let us see : Mr.	which Mr. McKenzie was head,	the drift	& (Jq Every	piece bright,
srsrstt 7	m,,
lawyer in charge of the case ; now, whp zelte* _________ I
Corn Meal.
Salt
in
Fur Coats,
Muffs,
Syrup.
Tea.
Caps,
Robes.
Sugar.
is this friend of the doctor's who has been
The failure of the efforts of the New | Com© ©VBrybody, and VÎ©W trying to boom himself to the former's in I Brunswick Liberals to unseat the Hon. homififnl dianluv adhibit All jury Î And if he was able in the start to Mr F<*ter should tie a matter of eatiefac- Ult DeaUWIUI tlispiay CXDlülLeu
cut the ground from beneath the feet ol l!0.n to •“ who believe that » strong Oppo OU OUr Center Counter Friday
-h. -î» a.,.. .„d	...,.i,^di.u	»”d sat«nt.y.
friend, Mr. P&ttiaon, what would he have | Canada who can so ably handle fiscal
Full stock and lowest market Prices.
Come in and see them, and if you have the least notion of • buying I know we can deal.
been able to do if he had kept on Î questions.
Lucky for both of them that he stopped, According to Mr. Mulock, u Every pro
as it would be hazardous to attempt to de mise Mr. Laurier has made to the people
termine, with any degree of accuracy, H1 be faithfully kept." Then we shall . . ..	.	.. ,	.	mu have unrestricted reciprocity and lmpe
what the end would have been. The ea |rial Federation, with free trade and pm.
cape from utter political annihilation I tection combined. It is all nonsense to
seems to have been very narrow, in view »ay that Mr. Laurier will keep hie pro*
of which it behooves the doctor to keep I	mortal* man cou^“ <*°
his weather eye on this ‘‘outsider," who, ' ——¦¦pjfrl	______
IGT5S	m"K1"*.,"|.S. I According to arrangements,
?5MTjsrr is bvszKs srsts brr*HIclosf r? y?
nur has been floating around—although not be pleasant, but it will not worry this (^atUHlayS GXCCpteilj &t o 0
neither Dr. Gaboury nor Mr. Pattison 0OkU,1lty “ once did. Our experience clock. This arrangement took
aay anything of it in their lettere-that ThuVedShst ^“ou? forain cauÜîiu^did | effect, Monday, Feb. 1. even the Ministers of the Crown are in not depend for its growth on any nation's sympathy with these outside friends ; so Rood or ill will. Our agricultural exports
they also must now appear to the doctor	increased in face of our neigh
14 .	.	„	, V t . n „ bor e almost prohibitive duties,
as 44 intriguers and 44 slick wire-pullers 1	¦
because only to them is his allusion to
44 faithful service" addressed, and he thus
G. F. HODGINS’
The üHo-DatB store.
E. HODGINS & SONS
P S.—Our store closes at 8 p m., and the post office at 8. 30 p.m., sharp.
To close at 8 p.m.
J. H. SHAW.
Card of Thanks.
Shawville Furniture Store.
J. A. BECKETT,
So fir, as the outcome of prosecutions started in connection with the alleged bribery and ballot frauds by Conservatives charges his own political leaders imme I in Manitoba, one man has been sent to
diately after saying that he is “completely | j»d- He is the Liberals’ tool wh" gave
the information oil which the tales were He vas condemned as a cheat
IHH	and swindler. The men he accused hav
ingratitude’’ seems not to have been the I been found not guilty or discharged by
kind of coin the doctor had in contempla | the magistrates. The conspirator* in the
connection would appear to have been Liberal slanderers.
A. Smihy v ishes to inform the people of the surrounding country that he has opened business in his new premises,
GENERAL
MANUFACTURER
16 ignorant as to the conditions of the 44 settlement of the case.” The 41 coin of
based
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE, j (opposite G. F.H.wigins' store); Carriages,
FURNITURE.
OF
plation, but it appears to have been the only species available in this instance.
Dr. Gabonry says : 44 The protest was taken out of my hands in July last."
The information we have with regard to
this matter leads us to a different conclu- ! vaaetng whatever*; plain \ir\u r» preferred ; I All Ay# atiQ PromtltlXT „on. From what we can learn the pro-	AAA Ula6rS ^QUipUy
test was never in the doctor's hands, be- lions ready to go to work. 50<*.; returnable If
y .nd ,he point where hi. effur,. failed to
have one filed.	I _ _
where he will be found at all times prepared to cater to the wants of his customers with better facilities than heretofore.
Wagons, Sleighs,
HOME EMPLOYMENT
Cutters, etc.
MAIN STREET,
SHAWVILLE.
For the liberal patronage he has received he wishes to return his sincere thanks, and
It ia now in order to look for explana- CONQLUSIVir. PROOF.
REPAIRING
tory statements from Mr. Camille Tur
pain, Mr. Muldoen, Mr. Stephen Smith	11 My"daughter Polly, has forjnore than a year
and the politically defunct Mr. McCu.ig, the doctor', co-tqual» and partner, in the
44 official decapitating" patronage. If e tied her from attending school, and she found
,	,	.	, •	study at home practically imp ossible. She had
sr. s sassssssssS1	^
•harp criticism of hi, friends, waa allud	h2 moti~
ing to them aleo.	“ J 3E&S?%StâlS& “ >he UC WAS NAT
"Last July my daughter Sarah, a teacher in ll* IinU 111# tin Pabtto School at Kingsville, Ont., came ho in# to spend her vacation, and finding her A TLIIPP
I----	¦*•*•*/“	a distressing and dangerous 11 I Hlrr
The Conservative party has fair reason	1 ?U1 lakm« Doan’s K;dncy »•	¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦
for feeling .a.i.fied with the three bye. IZ%% ",‘d SSfifô Lb"h elections in Ontario. In South Brant, it "he dW. By the time Fully had finished the
ia true, the Government has achieved a	&Yl îhitTpraiSSd £»re*fr£ii Mr
success that was quite anticipated. Mr Fralelfh's drugstore.
Henry, whoiomewhat surprised thecoun.	in" c” U™ oui
try by carrying the constituency tn June, her former dangerous, painful *nd diet easing
Sïtt Ùi SSBtiaS SSSSt essasss
He made a courageous struggle and did **npc# 8inee "he commenced taking the pilla all that he could to deserve .uccew. if in SUM £?&
spite of him the constituency returned to to keep six boxes in »ho house all the t;me, In I P S iU old pol tical affection, he ha. nothing	1	'
to blame himself for.	I wifi cure any oomp alnt If the pills had cost
I SSFSiSsS^SF888
compensated for by the success Mr. Ben*	sickness,
nett ha. won in Bait Simcoe, where Mr.	tt.hu,
Herman H. Cook has sustained another | approbation of ray wife and daughter, volun defeat. This result give, double rea.no 5gti5?
for rejoicing. Mr. CtX)k is not a high! wife and myself feel for the wonderful cure
%LPATBwB Zhdr%'51 HSrlSÿtHSi.ÇE
has been shown up in the courts in ; djcSrors bill, as she was all but sick abed at
anything but a pleasant light. Mr. Lau-1	^SiSt
her, who seems to love A corruptlont;«t ex- , Mu,1» far forty years, and county constable
œP* when he is a Conservative, made S5.«uKT3ESS«taM&SwtSliStt el e -ial efforts in Mr. Cook s behalf, speak* | be true, and k.K w,ng the same to have the
saa&xi s&yr x i «eas^BaaKr
Cook’s candidature It was also intimât ,T*k"n*n<? declared before roe at the Town
ed that the influence of the Georgian Bay |	M^h,’EjOmT9' **"*•'t“*ML
Lumber Cunpauy had been secured for j	. Sgd.	WM N. FORD,
the Liberal candidate and that the ban-! ^Oommlsshma* tn High Court of Justice.
dreds of workmen of the concern would	‘	. nr? uAnn txto
cut their ballots en bloc for free trade ForSale by Ur. r. HODUrlNS.
From a Well Known Citizen.
Parties who desire a first.	.	, class winter rigout of any kind
by continuing to give satisfac- vvill do well by giving me a
* j tion, he hopes to merit it for j call. Terms reasonable and
satisfaction guaranteed.
O
j. mcarthur
the future
J. A. BECKETT.
LIVERY,
THE BYE-ELECTIONS
TAKENOTE I
January Annual
Clearing salE
a. HOBBS, PROP.,
SHAWVILfcE, - - QUE.
though he stole away her heart after getting that “catchy” suit from
McGuire, the Tailor.
One of the best equipped
Liveries in the District.
Choice Dress Goods, and Furs,
PANTS.
CHARGES MODEP VTE
THE PERFECT TEA
r
AT
Give
r former etc., has made her mother,
IE ALLAN’S, AHNPRIOR.
The only food that will build up a weak cons-w	titution gradu-
? Chance «UY but surely is
the
Baby
a
ter
My stock is well known to be of a superior grade, large and well assorted ; besides, the prices for January will be the lowest on record. We take stock once a year, and prefer giving our customers and
.nh.	I,riende at lh“ •e“°" bargain, of good.
*% a sanmicof the be«t qualities of Indian and Ceyioo that are new, warrantable and fresh.
Time. For that reason they we that none but the | very freeh leaves go
That is why " M
The
fin car Tea IN THE WOULD
FROM THE TEA PLANT TO THE TEA CUP
l Martin’s Cardinal Food
ITT
IN I
Tl


"M

a simple, scientific and highly nutritive preparation for infants, delicate children and invalids.
W1I. ALLAH,
- V" « Elgin
BSggyfiS r<S7,hS.SrrS: | MR. MONTEITH, Manager.
be
It is out up in sealed caddies of % !b 3 lbs, and sold In three flavours at 40c., 50
t lb. and

KERRY WATSON A CO., Paeeaureaa
Montrial






1#

###PAGE###5###

THE LEADING HOUSE.
Cx> January with us is a Stock Reducing Month. o<3
S,e.Ti=S 51 V.-ATS
January will be one of the busy months of the year notwithstanding b January is known for sales of unusual interest in all departments with
tradition which says that things flatten out after the holidays Profits are sacrificed, and quick clearance our chief object.
u si ness
us
Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots & Shoes, and Ready-made Clothing, sold at Sweeping
Reductions for Cash before stock-taking.
5
Msgrletrstes’a Court.
SALE OF LANDS FOR TAXES
A regular term of the Magistrate's Court was held here on Saturday last, Judge St. Julien presiding. The following cases were disposed of :
Greer vs. Ralph and Ralph vs. Greer withdrawn.
Putress vs Leggett.—Motion for a rule to show cause why defendant should not be imprisoned for failing to produce a horse under seizure, over which he had been appointed guardian, on day of sale. Rule granted. McConnell for plff.
Richard Gibbons vs. John Major.— Motion for rule for similar cause. Rule granted. Gaboury for plff,
George Stanley re. John Palmer.— Defendant having made an acknowledge-ent of debt. Court orders judgment v< : costs by consent.
Richard Gibbons et al. va Christopher Dolan and Mary Dolan, opposant. Opposant claims ownership of several head of cattle placed under seizure foi a judgment against defendant
witnesses testified that the cattle so seized were the property of the opposant, Mary Dolan ; but their evidence also went to show that the defendant and opposant (who are brother and sister) lived together and had a community of interest in the premises and belongings. Court dis missed opposition on the ground that both defendant and opposant benefit ted by the purchases which constituted 4he debt.— Gaboury for plff ; McConnell for opp's’nt.
i
Province de Quebec,
Bureau du Conseil Municipal du Comté
de Pontiac.
}
Province of Quebec,
Office of the Municipal Council of the
County of Pontiac.
1 HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that the lands hereinafter mentioned will be sold by
public auction, at the Council Hall, in the village of Bryson, on THURSDAY, the
. pour co- FOURTH day of MARCH next, at TENo'clock in the forenoon, for the assessments tiz-itimiH et fiais im.iitiniH i sur les «11If»*r»*rits l<»ts ft partivs tiv lota ci après décrites» and costs due to the municipalities hereinafter mentioned, upon the several lots or
a moins que les dites cotisations ne me soient payées avec les frais encourus avant le parta of lots hereinafter described, unless the same be paid to me with costs before
jour 6xe pour Is vente.	the aforementioned day of male.
}
JE DONNE AVIS par le présent que les terres ci après décrites seront vendues par encan public, û la salle du comté de Pontiac
au village de Bry»<É»#9PWW
le QUATRIEME jour de MàR8 prochain, à DIX heures de l'avant midi,
or
i •
Taxes ITsxes mu Etendu. I d'école nicipales.
Extent. I School Municipal
I Taxes. Taxes.
Nome de Municipalités Names of Municipalities
Nom sur le Rôle. Name on Assessment Role
Rang.
Range
Costs
Lot
Total
Frais
Defendant and two
Cawood
McCrank, Mrs..................
McGee, Mrs....................
I Deooeur, Sophie..............
Langue, Francois..............
Moorhead, Stephen.............
Richard, Joseph...............
Stephens, Charles.............
Tourangeau, Michael...........
Leparés Francois..............
Roi, Joseph...................
Rancour Veuve, Widow..........
St. Aubin, Benjamin...........
Dagenais, Eusebe..............
Succession de—estate of William R. McDonald Succession d Burns....
Donlan, John
4
14
100
1.20
5.35
G.55
do
4	3, 4
3	42.
200
2.40
2 40
Leslie
100
100
2.50
1.20
2.50
5.00
do
4
11
3.20
4.40
do
A
16, 17, 18
300
16.60
16.60
do
4	44
100
118
2.00
6.00
2.60
5.20
do
a
1
2324
8.00
14.00
do
4
41
200
2.00
2.00
Clapham
2
O.—W £12, tout-all 13, 10 E £ 19, tout-all) 18.........
250
12.00
12.00
17.75
24.00
17.75
do
1
150
do
2	7...............
3	3, 4, & E £ 5
1 6, 7, 8..............
100
230
300
90
1.20 2 40 1.60
2.10
do
1.80
4.20
do
4.80
6.40
Chichester
Aff. Society Ko. 1.
2	31
100
63 59
do
Minutes of a meeting of Directors of Pontiac Ag. Society N««. 1, held at Shaw-ville on January 30th, 1897. .
Present—President, John Young 4 V. P*etudent, H. Hobbs, and Directors Hod* gins, Cuthbertson, Clarke, McVeigh, Bryson and Brsbazou.
Minutes of previous meeting read and approved.
Dir. Brabazon laid on the table a plan of the piece of ground purchased from J. L. Shaw at last meeting. The plan showed the grounds to be too nairow for the length.
After some discussion it was thought wise to try and purchase a piece of ground westward, and sell a few village iota off the length to puy for same.
Moved by dir. McVeigh’ seconded by dir. Clarke that directors Cuthbertson, Hobbs and Armstrong be appointed a 1 committee fo wait on Mr. Shaw in view of; purchasing
Moved by dir. Hodgina seconded by dir. McVeigh that Mr. Cowan's tender for printing and Mr. McGuire’s tender for boarding directors, be accepted, they being the lowest.—Carried.
Moved by dir. Bryson seconded by dir. Brabazon that our programme of operations for 1897 be as follows, viz : Competition for best kept farms, and our usual fall exhibition.—Carried.
Report of committee received stating Mr. Shaw is willing to sell a atrip of
aide of the present
estate of Bernard
3 9. 10.........
3 C.............
2 D............
West R £ 25.... v. .9	35, 36 ....
1	O -W £ 8, 9
2	12..........
172
17.99
do
)
86
»
do
do
160
8.60
Thorne
.. ! Dagg, Charles....
•. Bradley, Mrs. John .. ¦ Donaldson, Milton.
#. Smith, Albert......
.. John Elliott.......
50
6.46
do
200
8.60
do
122
8.64
do
104
10.50
Shawville
2 village lots, with buildings, being part of j lot 8, in the 6th Range, situate on the south tide of East Main Street, and hounded on the ,
I East side by land of H. and T. Elliott on the I West by street known as Shaw street, on the South by an intended street or lane of Jas L Shaw's.—2 lot de village avec les batiment present, partie de lot numéro 8 dan la 6 niJ Rang, situé au Coté Sud de la Rue Main,! borne au Est par les terre de H. and T. El liott, au Ouest par la Rue Shaw, au Sud par r un Rue ou les terre de Jas. L Shaw........
34.58
Aldfield
Oroulx, Francois..............
Ve nasse, Louis................
Macicotte, Augustin...........
Menard, Piérre ...............
Duchaîne, Moïse...............
Legassé, Moïse................
Lemieux, Madore...............
Bolen, John...................
Bourgard, Louis...............
Charon, T. B..................
Seguin, Edmond................
Succession de—heirs of late Mich r * ael Q Doejard
Doyle, John Thomas Acres, Jas. Landon ..
E 18...............
7 2,3.............
4	33............
E 29...............
W 22, 23, A J 24
100
5.94
do
30
4.40
do
a piece of land westward
100
2.64
do
100
6.59
do
250
14.10
do
W
100
9.81
do
5
L 2,
50
2.92
do
1
17
100
12.15
do
E
16
100
2.31
do
3
15
100
17.34
do
5 6
100
5.47
#
Litchfield
N.O.-W. 4 15 N.O. ide-N.W. £3
100
uinn.....
ins, Felix
25.80
do
50
2.50
do
22
200
6.40
do
chase for $125 per sere, payable on the. same terms &a the other.	1
Moved bo dir. Bryson seconded by dir. , Armstrong that the Vice President be instructed to interview the Shaw ville Council and ascertain if in the event of this society deciding to sell villag Main and Lang sireete, it would ing to instruct the mayor to join the President of this society to sign all deeds of said lots, and, if agreeable, to pass a re solution to that effect.—Carried.
Moved by dir McVeigh seconded by dir. Cuthbertson, that the President, Vice President and Sec.Treasurer be appointed a committee to deal with Mr. Shaw for the purchase of a piece of property on the west side of the present grounds, and if they think it is to the advantage of the Agricultural Society, to complete the purchase, and if purchased, that the President accept the deal for this Society and call for tenders for, cedar posts and purchase lumber to fence. —Carried
Meeting adjourned John Youno,
President, z
Arrière 75 acre ; bornés au front par la moitié devant du lot 27, et en arrière par la balance de ce lot 27.—Rear 75 acres of 27 ; bounded in front by front half of lot 27, and in rear by the rear 25 acres of said lot 27.....
7	S. E. partie—part N. E. 4 14............
2 N O.—W. * de—of 8. E.lde—of N.E. * 10
2	Partie-Part N O. W. *11..	¦ ¦¦
3	In. O.—N W. *26....
3	8. O.—S. W. * 1......
10	|S E. * 23...........
8	(28..................
9	8. 0 —8 W. * 28..:..
8	N E. * 26 tout—all 27
9	IS. O.—8. W. *27
12 jS. E. * 25.......
12 |N. O —N. W. *26
11	N. *18..
11 8. ' ¦
12	8. ¦¦
3	10, 11, 12
9 122, 24,...
8 20.........
8 2l.........
pur
75
4.00
Clarendon
Hamilton, Mrs. Win..........
Johnston, Mrs. George.......
do	do ............
Succession de—heirs of late Thos.
Dean.....................
McLeod, Mrs.................
Kenny, W. R.................
McTiernan, John.........
..¦¦¦¦¦WM
McTiernan, Thomas
86
5.00
do
251
6/
do
4.08
do
e lots on be will
100
4.75
do
100
36.36
14.26
do
100
do
200
do
100
38.00
do
300
do
do
do
10C
58.24
do
Robiard, John Robiard, Jacob... Watson. Alexander
100
7 20
do
100
6.09
do
Part S W. * 9
50
16.66
}
5.04
100
5.04
North Onslow
Gilbert, George....
McVeigh, Frank.. .
Lafleur, J. A....
Inconnu—Unknown Joffrais, P......
* de -S * of N. h 17 O. —S. W. j 18.
1.61
50
1 61
2.38
50
2.88
Calumet Island
300
38.00
29.60
67.60
do
2.42
1.26
200
3.67
do
2.34
100
2.34
do
4.06
100
4.06
E. Graham
W. G. LeROY,

Sac Treas.

Wanted-In Idea â£SS
•ad list of two hundred iarenUon» wanted.	j
Seoretaire-Tresorier, Comte de Pontiac, Secretary-Treasurer, County of Pontiac.
Bryson, Jan. 7th, 1897.

%















###PAGE###6###

g###	MHi
séiss wmmm mmm si
srnsa ™: ESaSfe SaS	zr% .¦» «tjt « =s?æ sæssï
light and	perish	aa one	man.	But at	dure everything but life deg l a.Unt Lit-	formed in order and con-	books written by men who know a gooa	I per^eooe barn clearly demonstrated that
that moment there was heard from the	tie did auinkind J-h6“ •i,u,'ï	M	tinned their retreat. Hermann.Jn* • ’ K'	deal about babies, but not everything,	^ bubonic plague is restricted to	the
...	F stu^jssg*-sr	ïwr'ïr inïîr
accompanied it, that pierced through of the Jordan, or upon the l>t b head of hia own personal followers ; and gym mother is the only animal 'ha *hcn. in 1894-85, the disease broke out
r SÆ‘£ FT J£ss«a teÆBSS”. sr.jss-js.tssrs jstjsta
mours of a hundred wai-lrumpeU. Her- more terrible than that of the ^orid, |	and rear ' Scarcely, however, had under their mother's wing; the cat ana dirty alums and suburbs, leaving in-
inaun was just in the act of making and a reward more gionous an	three thousand thus escaped th®. m,H^5r her kittens resolve themselves into a tact the cleanly districts. To prevent
his final unset at the head of his de- utmi*1 ° ear > auu	&h*e gleanings of mo great a iar furry mass for their night's rest, and ^ fm^her spread in the Empire, the
with a spear, which she had snatched chjef officer» were dead, and upon what achieved, it was exhausted, as tnai^ tt must be remembered, however, that ordered three of the undeanly suburbs
MBI
issf	EH £«3 ppfpt
liarians. to become their sport or their heart. But he knew not that it was ^ contain impure gases—as carbonic 1 believe that medical ^ once hm CU%%^TThF&S S"aF%S%he% ZnJZZr !n EKj :Z X
centurioos-as if thvy still stood in safe- elumlwrg. and she felt herself richly on. Sufficient quantities of these nox- ôke the black plague of London, con-ty within the Forum of an embattled	repaid by the words of fervent tender-	-oua materials will cause death, as in	fined its Operations to the
suead of'thu‘"edge o/'ruln'^nlo^w'hu'h in a	°™n h^lipw bSm»^ morning light	, Ub Ulack Hole of CalculU or ^a ur°^~	le%2g the cleanly pwrla free I
few momenta more they would be hurl- drived she stole from the spot, cover- ed bcandinavian haUroom where mer- uick. Ibis conoiuaum has be, ed—assembled with the ceremonial of ^ with blushes, and Hermann after- ry-maker* danced in a low. unventi- clearly apparent even in those throng-
% ss-TS*. ssrss "f; - Z y/xî, i^:r„ï"u,siï.' .s I t«*a,afJs
stern and compendious code of war was Where better can we leave that no* ^ * *t ^ ttm6 time. These are ex-unrolled. the viulateu statute was read, foie, that matchless pair, than UP«“ t“e trome cases, yet unseen poison lurks in
r*bin "S&y,sTS35$s«	¦!“ s ¦ssi&r" -rr~ ™ —
wmm WÊÊSè^ÊÊÊ®* mm
necessary for the emergency. A.l happen what might, could they be An enterprising woman, whose fain- two countries in which wages weio eyes were turned upon the veteran deemed unhappy who had accomplished wiw large and house small, contriv- y^Hest and the hours of labor long-Septimuleius, the bravest and most gucll a deed* It is enough to know ed an ingenious method of raising the	.	.	,	^	aoua6
experienced of their surviving officers, that |jje spirit of résisté nee thus baby above the poison Level. A clothes-	.	*	, , a„d.n.tinn
and the old man devotedly undertook an kindled was never extinguished; that basket about three feet Long was fit- countries of the world an exj lana office so full of danger and despair,	Romans, in their sulieequent >n-|ted up with hair mattresses and ap- 0f the apparent dearth of progressive
From the attempts ul the preceding vasjonSi never penetrated beyond vbat proprmte furnishings and suspended indll5itry among the inhabitants is to
sü.’bt bSSSuffi ffifjsa rJSsftto"'i“ !?'ffi	»ïî I'• <«-.	- ~?r“
ed ; and these were to be assailed by noas 0f ^imet tiie men of the North be- way between the middle and toot of the i of holidays of a religious, paiuotic, or the freshest of the troops, while the	invaders in their turn, and ad- bed, and drawn up and down by put- purôiy social character, and many per-
ara ïtsrissfersyis:	•sms % i	w#.». «-•
uleius also commanded the soldiers to for the inspiring war-cry of ' Hermann omy of sj>ace. Impure air, when first t Ml usages m some cities of boutn leave all the liaggage behind, and car-	end.	exhaled from the lungs, rist^s, because and Central America say that there
ry with them nothing more than three	it is warm, and when cooled falls to ,he nllinbcr of holidays seems to exceed
days' provisions ; as after that interval.	—--- the Lower part of the room. The most	.	, There
should their attempt tie successful, they	. HORRIBLE SEA STORY.	poisonous region, then, is towards the lbe number of wonting y •
would be able to reach some friendly	___	floor. In giving some good advice con- are in such countries usually not fewer
territory.	. .. wllh ut%\ earning the breath of life, which is pure than a dozen church festivals ; and
"ZrÆzzzLf. —.	sarisftr asrütfV 4
**¦*
the centre of the struggle, like the Lotion as indicated that he had made Aside from the normal poisons that maximum estimate of at	^
EaSsraafe &EE&z=l8& SSxS5; £ I fttfrfauafc.“si
last for ages, seemed for the time to K effort was made to restore him, or aR of the factors may be absent; | tMs. have imparted its deathless and ether- .	/_ two days later without re- and these simple conditions of innocent
eal energies to the body it tenanted. ¦ ^ reason and was buried at sea. disease may be passed on, forming just	_ . _
And ever and anon there thrilled from »	vetersen says that the man was the right soil for more things, as diph- „—i- numshea offending officials
mm
c w»	ga^œiM &:%c: 2 suarirswi Mg*»
roetnirted Into e fleeting hour and Jkrl^t children who won't I	ed. for "U< h tem|»lmg demon*!ration*. llU-
desjiair extended »nto a long dismal Ploe uuv ***
HERMANN
I
NO FEAR FOR CANADA.
•ou® try
tr.
&
resorted to
lie
upon their steps came glowing with the shams of defeat, and anxious to retrieve their lost honour in the sight of those they loved ; while reinforcements from the hills poured ul at the same instant, to aid iu defending the contested pass behskl his bright one at hi* aide like a flash of joyous sunshine through the tempest ; he looked at the rallied thousands who advanced to the encounter with redoubled energy, and he fell that the cause of liberty was no longer
Thusnelda." he exultingly ,eihou bast brought back
withdraw thee
Hermann
hopeless
exclaimed,
attacked iu the filthy sections.'
freedom to thy country now to safety, and see how l shall fight in tby presence 1" And never did the sweep of the ocean whirlwind rush with more impetuous fury upon the
fleet than did
HOLIDAYS THE WORLD OVER
ricin C
la L*iIm-<
stricken and dispersed Hermann and his rallied warriors upon the Roman rauks. Before that tremendous charge, valour and discipline were unavailing i and the enemy, taken unborne backward with
expectedly, were resistless energy to their main body, while multitudes, during that repulse were swallowed up in the swamps, 01 struck down and trampled under foot. Thus the attempt had completely failed, and the Romans, with forces diminished to one-half of their former numbers, occupied their oi iginal position, wnile the egresses which they had attempted were strengthened by rude breastworks hastily thrown up on the evening after the battle had closed, ami by which the deliverance of the enclosed legions was rendered more impracticable.
Mournful, indeed, was now the condition of the defeated army, as the evening closed once more upon its broken and exhausted relics. XV hen they had resumed their station, the ranks vwit
concentrated-but how shrunken and spiritless compared with the ought\ boat that had occupied the same ground only two days ago! Could these be the legions that had hoped to march northward in triumph, and plane the victorious eagle as far as living thing existed. until their progress was arrested enly by that impassible boundary ot ice with which nature had walled that mysterious part of creation? bevy of the survivors had escaped unwounded and many with pale countenances and faint-limbs were obliged to prop them-pon their spears; but at ill their
__hearts thought less of pain than
ignominy of defeat. Where weiv now their promises and their hopes, and what would be said of them a v Koine I They had been beaten; and by whomT By naked barbarians, who had caught and crushed .them with ease- How would the tale sound by the hearths of t/hfcir affrighted countrymen, and what atonement could compensate tor great a calamity ?
While such was the feelings of the humblest soldier, those of the unhappy
i---But silence, like the veil of
ter, must be thrown over that language can describe. He
«d T
IS?
ÎTT1
.
Z
vee u gallant the
so
last
pain Lch n
t he.
wb
m
I lire, to confront my country, upon which I have brought such a burden of «haine ? The very atones of Rome, ao
.ninwted mtWho «
would J eut against nu if the people reiailent. Could 1 Aven endure
luturning di y, the looks of
which

wit*





###PAGE###7###
#

\
<tetaHe we are not told. No man within. This orotmbly mean# " within " t i*« mil* in which the apoetle# had been confined.
24. The a&pt&in of the temple. The commander of the Levite police. Chief priests, not high prieata, but leading uM*ml>eni of the priestly aristocracy. They doubted of them. " They wer^ much perplexed concerning them. W hereunto thia would grow. What would come of all this. It really seein-od ue if this »t range force which made ill literate men wine, restored health and life and flung back prison Item, might
be "of God.	_ _
26. Came one and told them What h* told them won even more astonishing. if possible^ tlwn was the emptiness of the prison. Thia quiet defiance of religious and civil authority presented e problem even harder to explain than l he miracle. Why did the apus
ample of enduring patience as we fin in the Cross? Some of you sufferphysi
USEFUL SUFFERING
the .scene* of HU life, all the suffering
of H a death, proving lievond controversy that for our Ingrate earth cal distresses, some of you have lo yearned with stupendous, inei- life alimenta* and they make uishahle love. \ ’	« ful. Sometimes you think#] ¦
: again': "It behoved has given you a cup too deep and too M that the nature of brimming. Sometime# you see the human guilt might be demonstrated, world laughing and romping on the There is not a common-sense man in highways of life, and you kooU out of
the house to-day that will not admit the window while seated in invalida	GENERAL	STATEMENT,
that the machinery of society U out chair.
of gear, that the human mind and | j want to allow y Ou thia morning The five verses between the last les-
Js? .1% fftrac zz"S,tr tr; -y- ™- •-! * *••»«<“•*
right away for its repair and readjust-	was scourged, who was wounded in the	*culous power given to he apostles, of
ment, But Die height, and depth, and	hands and wounded in the feet, and	the regular usee tings of the Church in
SBÜJS! «Lü'JSS- JSt	b.ïl X .->«*• - «. I—— i«p.'
human heart for sin would not have	my will, but 1'hine be done." You	larity of the Christian movement, and
lliere have been scholars who have	been demonstrated if against the holy	nover have had any bodily pain, and	of the steady increase of Christian
.b.g tsrSrtSrf^rîsrJ'&i k ïxÆzrw *> -~i "--r «- r-
of our Lord were unnecessary. Indeed,	Christ was not the first man t liât had	hoved Christ to suffer," that he might	u ta ( i on of Peter as a wonder-worker,	j
It was a shocking waste of tears and	been put to death. There had been	show you how physically to suffer.	that the sick were brought in lieds to	ties not hide?
r.r zrzs	alrSSI-H	zsrA'zrsJxns; £*1	,,t
prove that no good result comes of it	when the mot) outside of Jerusalem	y«u stumble and fail. They have done	ence. The incident told in this lesson	silty. The apost les	did	not	fear	the
horrent and denunciatory at the fact	heaven. What was in that innocent	Look at the closed lips, look at the	,,ut li wa* probably lietween A. I). 30	j loved and revered	for	their	piety,	for
that the Fat her allowed the butchery	loving face of Christ that excited still hand, look at thu beautiful dr- and 83. Thb first scene in the story is their superaiituraJ[ power, and, perhaps.
£ SsErsfïffcTSâ
scribed by Tennyson sa dashing into them into derision : if iie had denounc- the way of persecution, you never in Jerusalem. Behind the story of were due to mob violence, and the p* o
SZZssnLïz ss	rP HvE —	'E
that some one had blunder'd;*' but	that they brandished their spears, and	pass from mal but if not Thy will be	natural world. The first fact	is ilius-	mon m porch to the hall Lazith, where
ws are abhorrent of the man who made	shook their fista and ground their teeth,	done.** "It benoved Christ to suffer"	trated in the first two versee.	Always	Ranhedrm stateJy mat. They
floe of those brave men for no use. But	None. Whose eyesight had He put out?	borne of you are bereft. It is no	against the followers of Jeeus.	Always	stood; Peter arid John had been there
I shall show you, if the Lord will beln	None ; but He had given vision to the	random remark, because there is hard-	the success of the Gospel fills	with in-	a weeks before ; now all the apostles
r„ s». xfwis	g	lu.™. «SS	HE™	FFF
Tù other words. "It behoved Christ broken? None; but He had inculcated from «what it used to tie. The same feei> the	ot will use force have lem divided into two fsotlonj.
to suffer.%	obedience of government. What foul furniture* the same books, tho same against Christianity and persecute 1^1 respectif«lv, by Annas, the .^artfinoee
^JZirJL-SS.	SRiNffJS’âSaCS
because man's rescue was an imposai-	He	ever enacted was to heal the sick, ished. The pattering of the other feet	believing souls. Tb	whnt extent each	Did	not we strad ly «Mjmmand you
ss=a:	¦=	EmmB E “FF F
thundered against iniquity. Man must only selfishness He ever exhibited was bwouid tell him when he comes back, *Jmt uJ1 natural forces and all heavenly How did you	I * r haps they
ee *
angel, step forth. He refuses. No pools of a Saviour's blood 1 And stand- is here to-day. Behold him I He knows not «bot back; miracles may no Doctrine, means teaching. Tne charge
2K. TsJLtrsirJz
leered. Christ then bared His heart the human heart. Unloosed what will one sob. and that aob were uttered to row, pain and death " are all heaven- rulers wanted to shuffle their guilt on
ïmmâm
brow. "U is done." Heaven and earth are no cruelties of which it will not the throne, and unto the Lamb, for- m heaven. The third fact is the worth- Jpflua thlR »ame «rnl this man m* if
ssïs-js •sw/s	I
ment that Calvary began to rock m wilfquaffthi blood of immortal soul. ARE PEOPLE BURIED ALIVE ? by the movement of the center of grav- ™ r 1 mrl y t he fanmorto A he apmtlce
crucifixion. ChrUt bad .offered "Oh." and call it nectar When sin murder-	- .ty may suddenly lurch over from one a thoro^,Vb°y ™f^* n.™ W we %.t
aaya son* man, "I don't	like	thia doc-	^ Ch™**. on :!he.r.	A,,er Twenty Peer Hears There Never Caa	side to the other. 1 he changes of view	j* Hllre that' God	really	commands us
trine of substitution;	let every man	If T mJld alt at	Him The	prophet	br kmT n,ebt " *• lhr *ee“lee ,f	recorded in the gobais and the Acts-	We should obey	every	law except it
bear hi. own burden^ and weep hU had d“l.™d-I thiT it was" Are- •“«	of the common people concerning Jen- &%Z.'Ue£JZZ‘'Sfto ^Lai^t
own tears and fight hi,	own	battles."	m,ah—bad declared	centuries	before	The New York Herald of a recent	us; of the disciples concerning their	conscience we must refuse, and %hmit
the truth, but not	until sin shot out j iasue devotes an entire page to a spe-	Master; of the Pharisees concerning the	to the penalty
ST22Ssx'st £z	srsts-m
not suffer sometimes for your child- th.e	l.e deceitful aljove all things question Are people buried alive? Sir edification to faithful readers now. The all adore, raised up Jesus from the
^	Z:	E
feffH r-“Æras.ïra.t£
ed out Handels Messiah, and rung >.il could not possibly take plat e, be- time for them to ''rise up" if they in heart and life, so as to get forgive-sweeteet chimes in Youngs N«gut cause, after 24 hours, there never can meant to save their cause. They that news of sins.	I
tian triumph. Show me any other easier for a case of premature burial and Sodducee# are at cross purposes are witnesses of the life and death and king who has so many subjects. ' * hat to take place in England than in France, through ail time;, must be so. Killed resurrection of Jesus. And so are we,
w&Kirisrys&a.'K	,z".%	srsu?-PH"	*'•	*
Scotland, in Ireland ? Jesus. YV here ties are much more strictly adhered to. bound to defend their own notions at testimony to their mission, giving is the king who has so many admiring Every case of death is visited by a au hazards and against all evidence ; vine attestation, not only by the per-subjects as Christ ? Show me a regi- proper functionary, summoned for that for, if the cause of Jesus went uixtheirs formanoe of miracles, but by the trails-
E3SHEE sw sizpfZAzx	« wæxt “ ,Wr “
Show me in	history where one man	lor the purpose of ascertaining the iden-	wr#. Probably all the twelve were now
has given his	property and hie<life for	tity of the individual. And this system,	arrested. In the common prison. "In
anyone else and 1 will show yfru in	%	may not be out of place	to	remark,	public ward." They were thus marked
history hundreds and thousands of men	.	. . _,	.	..	r,MrvlQ	with disgrace as criminals. It was now
who have cheerfully died that Christ	81mar to one ln U8e ^	^rem '	probably afternoon, and their trial	.	.	..	...
might reign. Aye, there are a bun-	tion Society of England.	could not be held till the next day. The question of	the	liability of doc-
pee a j; ‘oum	e#moq	siqi ui ueai perp "Why do you think the French sys-	During the interval they would get no	tors for the results of their unskilful
were, would step out	and die tor	Jesus,	tern superior to that in England?"	food, according to oriental custom, ex-	or negligent treatment	of patients is
Their faith may now seem to fbe faint,	"Because	it	is imperative that two	oept by the pitiful care of friends.	»»fore	the	law	courts	in	Enc-
and sometime, tbay may be incon-	certificates	of	deathTeach vouched for	19. The angel. It was God's purpose	“ga™	*~®re	law	c,OUJU	m,
eiatent ; but let the fifes otf martyrdom by responsible persons, be forthcoming, to cam'im» the Sanhedrin, that it was land. Jhe children ot hamuel Ltowt be kindled, throw them into the pit, In England 15,000 persons annually are warring with omnipotence. The angel a lawyer in Bangor, fell mysteriously cover them with poiponous serpents, interred without any certificate of any is sent not to preach, but to liberate the m 0f a disease w hich Dr. Edwards, the pound them, flail them, crush them,	sort, while	in	the North of Scotland it	imprisoned preachers, for men, not an-	...	Ilht_|	Hiojrnnwdl ‘'maiicr
and I will tell yon what their last cry	amounts to	50	per cent, of the popula-	| gels, are to call their fellow-rum to	Pb>^lian’	° J* •	k
would lie : " Oame, Lord Jesus, come tion."	repentance. By night. During the nant 80re throat. The 6-year-old boy
quickly !"	"What are the conditions under which night.	died within a few days, and the 6-
,yes ! the Lord Jesus has woo burial before death might take place?" ÜU. Stand and sneak. Take a bold months-old baby died later, according the affections bf many of us. There "There are three. First, syncope, or stand in the temple. That is, in its . n„ ^
are some of us who can say this morn- prolonged faint. Second, asphyxia courts, where they had been arrested, to üre Edwards, or laryngitis coupled " Lord Jesus, my light and my through drowning; and third, the con- and where the Christians seem now to with bronchitis. Meaniune, as the dia-eong ; my hope for time, my expects- dition known as trance, occurring al- haw statedly met. It was the gather- ease, whatever it might be, was not tion for eternity." Altogether lovely most exclusively in very young women ing pi ace of the multitudes, and had considered infectious or contagious no
soul is ravished ( with of highly nervous temperament.	become at once the fountain-head of	.. _ .	____________________,	’ »
hou art mine.	Cbme,	"Do you find the dread of premature	the new sect and the center of oopo-	precautions in the way of	îsolumn err.
let me clasp	Thee.	Come life,	come	burial very widespread!"	si tion to it. All the words of this life,	were ordered or carried	out, with the
death, come	scorn and pain, come	"One would hardly say that, but it	The‘life of Jeeua’s love in the soul, the	natural	result	that other	members of
whirlwind of	darkness, Lord Jesus, I	is not uncommon. Twice in my life 1	spiritual life, the new life in Jeeus.	th	hmuwhnlH	f„n	ill	Th*	m,i
cannot give Thee up. I have (heard have been left money by patients with 21. They entered into the temple.	* .	.	, *	. .
Thy voice. I have seen Thy bleeding the request that I would make sure They probably took their stand in Solo- doctor, in feet, repeatedly declared that side. Lord Jesus, if I had some gar- by dividing the carotid artery. It can men's porch. Early in the morning. n.0 danger existed for anybody, and he land plucked from heavenly gardenia be done easily and without the slight- Attout daybreak ; the morning sacrifice “° notified the local sanitary authori-I would wreathe it for Thy brow. If eat disfigurement."	was at sunrise. People are astir earl- ties. VY hen the anxious father had
I had some gem worthy of the place. Dr. Wilkes, President of the Royal i*r in the hot climate, of Palestine than	his two children he thought it
I wouldset it in Thy crown. If 1 had Academy of Phyaiciana is sceptical of with us. The high priest came. Came about time to have additional advice, seraphic harp, I would strike It in Thy danger of premature burial in France, to the " hall Gazith," where the apos- antl n®w doctors instantly and un-•aise. But I come lost and> ruined England or anywhere else on the civi- | ties were expected to stand trial. The hesitatingly diagnosed diphtheria
-d	“ “ ””1 sr&ssî ïïïk azzrïrJs zsavu.1-,. “S’
ical man who has	I porch. The council. The Sanhedrin. Qng and 1^av mh um ot disinfectants,
mm
. ---------,	8 28. The ’officers. Policemen we	Both
[HE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
you tfreb-that Gtnl

DR. TAlMAGE PREACHED ON THE EFFICACY OF PAIN.
INTERNATIONAL LESSON. FEB. 14.
ting
lut 1 remark
Christ to suffer,
“The Prison Opened.* Arts a IT 99. «olden
Stieoee*! Dlseonrse .* the Text, “II Be
omet to AnBfcr**—Wla?
Pain» of the Savior Were Abtelnlely tieeeeoery.
Wellington. Jan. 31.—Rev. Dr. Tnl-mnsc*'* Bflbjeet chosen for to-day "Useful Suffering ~ tho text taken being Luke <4-46 suffer"
the
the
was
"It behoved Christ to
r«I
pUun himeelf arrested them Without violence. To-day's
feared the peo-
The
Why, my brother, there is vicarious
[Was it tor crimes that I bad done Hfe groaned upon the tree? Amazing pity, grace unknown,
And love beyond degree.
Christ must suffer to pay the price of our redemption.
But f must remark again: The suffering of Christ were necessary in order that the world's sympathies might be roused. Men are won to the right and good through their sympathies. The world must feel aright before it can act aright. Bo the cross was allowed to be lifted that the world’s sympathies might be aroused. Men who have been obdurated by the cruelties they have enacted, by the massacre they have inflicted, by the horrors of which they have been guilty, have become little children in the presence of this dying Saviour. What the sword could not do, what Juggernauts could not subdue, the wounded hand of Christ has accomplished. There are this moment millions of people held under the spell of that one sacrifice. The hammers that struck the spikes into the cross have broken the rocky heart of the world. Nothing but the agonies of a Saviour’s death-throe could rouse the world's sympathies*	.	. _ , J
I remark again: "It behoved Christ to suffer," that the strength and persistence of the divine love might be demonstrated. Was it the applause of the world that induced Christ on that crusade from heaven? Why, all the universe was at His feet. Could conquest of this insignificant planet have paid Him for His career of rain. If it had been a mere matter of applause? All the honors of heaven surging at His feet. Would your Queen give up her throne that she might rule a miserable tribe in Africa ? Would the Lord Jesus Christ, on Xhe throne of the universe, come down to our planet if it were s mere matter of applause and acclamation ? Nor was it an expedition ouderfaken for the «accumulation of vast wealth. What could all the harvests and the diamonds of our little world do for Him whose are the glories of infinite and eternity? Nor was it se experiment—an attempt to show what He could do with the hardhearted race. He who wheel., the stars in their courses end bolds the pillars of the universe on the tips of his fines xsV.-i’drsrcWu»
you my friends, what it was. It was undWins d, unlimited, all conquering, all-consuming, infinite, eternal, ompi-
a ss
Love Bethlehem, that opened the eta-i>le door where Christ wm born, that
couch Love at the cripples crutch. Love sweeting In the garden. Loye dy-
in®
God himself was hearing
*1#
LIABILITIES OF DOCTORS.
Are They Kr*pen«ib!e 1er the Small of «
J
Wrong l>lagw
Ob
the
ing


art

the vision.
a»
feet
Ne price I bring ;
Semply to Thy or
Thou knoweet all things knewest that I love Thee.
But I remark again. "It behoved Christ to suffer" that the world might learn how to suffer. Sometimes people suffer because they cannot help themselves; but Christ bad in Bis hands give s larger one. If t^ Jarge do«e
31 the weapons to fMSMlt Hi* enemies, I ;__:
and yet in quiesence ? He endured all impro
I cling
Thou
ADVERTISING AND MEDICINE
I
Advertising should be used in busi-just exactly as medicine is used in sickness. If a small dose is not enough
the great-
er
%
seems to be too
' apidty,
outrage. He might have hurled the Inished. rocks o/ Golgotha upon Hid pursuers He might have cleft the earth until it | swallowed up His assailants ; He img have called in reenactment or tak< any thunderbolt from the armory God Omnipotent, and hurled it aeeth _ and fiery among His foes; but He answered not again. , -O, my hearer, has there ever been in the history of the world such an ex
DOUBLE GRIEVANCE
ht
en
mg
5
And when R
wrathfully added Mm
it's the
downs.
iudg-






HMt








###PAGE###8###
W

t
/
l
I
Wanted -In Idea EHvi=$
Tenders Wanted.
the sum of #1 00 —Carried.
Moved by coun. Prendvrgast and sec
ondud by coun. McRae that John * t,u * he paid the sum of $2 for ?he pieces of timber he furnished for the mill bridge. Carried.
Moved by coun Prendergsst and see undvd by coun. Armstrong that councillor# Lang and Donaldson he appointed to act with Mayor Hobbs in attending to the rolling of the streets. —Carried.
Moved by coun. MclUe and seconded by c on Lang that the Council do now
adjourn. —Carried.
J. It. HoKilBR,
Sec Trims.
offer—six
Lâutidry *o*p	Orooery
London House,
bars for a quarter
Buying In Canada*
New York, Fob 2 —A special to the Tribune front Saratoga, N Y. "ay# : t*en. Uueeell A. Alger, Michigan, who ie to be President McKinley's secretary of war, has madtr an expensive investment in the
Ex-Senator War
SHAW VILLE AHDiOTTAW A.
ini»»
E. GRAHAM
JANUARY STOCK-TAKING AND CLEARING SALE
Dominion *»f Canada, ner Miller of Herkimer, Warren turn* of Palmer, N. Y., and A Pagenstecher of New York city, have «old to (Jen. Alger a controlling interest in the Lauren* tide Company of Grand mere, which is situated near Three Rivers, in the pro vince of Quebec. The company owns thousands of acres of heavy timber land and many large mills, some of which are devoted to the production of pulp.
H. Hohbh, Mayor.
bec.-Treas.
Kl milite, Fob. 1, W.
* _
s
'• i nrr i
Styles'.
il $

NOTICE.
îfcb..
S
L
CO RR ESPONDENCE
ri
"TV
fimsm
’ other business that may be
Mr. J a». Thom. Pattlson’n Explanation.
Men’s Overcoats
Worth	for $*-\9.>. Rolallnd_ jj.C , tVb 5.-At a meeting
j	0f the Le Roi Company held at Spokane
! -,	,	to-day. Senator Turner, Cul Turner and
!; Men S Overcoats	Co). peyton were given authority to .ell
Air .1	e 1 un	for	11	Le Roi at a elated figure, laid to be about
Worth	?4.00	IOl	%o,* <. ig^QQo^ooO. The above named gentlemen
held a secret meeting to consider offers
Men’s Overcoats
Worth $6.00 for S4.Ô0. —bn’„7^,MfZ

Mining: Nows.

/ M
\ \ r'ÀM
Dkar Equity In glancing over a re
of your contemporary l noticed a letter from 44 your obedient servant to command, Jam. Tims. Patttaon, wliuli purports to be an explanation for tlm “ Parliamentary Electors” as to why the peotest was not proceeded with, but which appears to he a ststement delihvr ately inaccurate, as I shall with your kind permission endeavor to show,
Referring to the dismissal of the pretest he says in hi# letter " 1 don't know why it was withdrawn,' but in his editorial In* “ Pontiac lies bleeding tV the feet of
N w, here are tw
diamelneally posed one t<> the other, in the same issue of his own papor and written by his ow n hand. Roth cannot be correct Either he has sought to deceive the parliamentary electors by his statement in his correspondence, or by his editorial insinuation, which some are sure to understand, he has attempted to besmirch with opprobrium the charac ier of some Christian gentleman. Now, judged by these contradictory statements friend to c miniand" would appear to belong to one of two clashes, or to My opinion is that he belongs to
ninety-seven ret ors, a ml any u -
“even	HI MON MCNALLY.
President»
Cent issue
i-j-
! II
S
V
\
I
S

P
i
ü
n

For Sale or to Rent.

saisi
HHb>
fi
i
T. W. ALLEN,
MANAGER SHA’W \ ILLE STORE.

P'a initial to the Miner state, that Hec-I tor McRae, of Ottawa, lias organ,zed a y company to operate mines in t his province.
The board of directors includes Sir A. l\
Caron, Geo. Gould, Dr. Seward Webb,
David Setigman, and other well known
capitalists of New York.
A special to the Miner from Spokane
j triud0/ bu:%^u:r'r%;ô; | %%	$iw,
than it has been for a long while, saya s Cheater county (Penna.) exchange. A few morning# ago he had an tuner
¦M
Hj	ther Heaven nor Hades, and remained m
the place which in the Old Testament was called Sheol. There was, according to his belief, a necessity for resummon.
Do any of you know what has happened I Rev. Mr. McNair went even further and Loveuian” or “Eclipse”? I hope they quoting fiom numerous passages pointed
have not eloped or succombed to la grippe; out that the ancients were in dread of
m case they have I will endeavor to till Sheol. It was supposed to be a place their place.	where both good and bad went until the
Business seems quite brisk here at prtR Resurrection Day. The Gospels of the ,	. resort.
sent, owing, no doubt, to the splendid Ntiw Testament, Mr. McNair said, ton ^aboury and the Liberal party, must feel
state of the mads.	.	*"*7 t,he dread of the fi‘!rur°’ » proud of Mr. Pattieon. To support Dr.
Mss Emma Shepherd is able to be out Dodds hao said there was a difference be	by hia vote must be very gra»i-
ngain after her recent illness.	tween the Old and New Testament, i r.	to * the doctor,’ and this from the
We are all sorry to hear that Miss Sus McNair came out boldly and said he took	of |he mouth piece of the party ;
an Findlay is .«gain confined to the house L|| his spiritual teaching from the New ^ 1 am very much mistaken in Dr.
through illness.	,	, Testament. The Old Testament, lesau, Qabo ’8 well known astuteness if he
Pete seemed to be laughing to himself, concluded Mr. McNair, “ to a great ex .. Your friend to command" ia not
and as ho drew nearer I saw that hia face tent are „ccolding to the human ideal and | ar( evident) tha, „ucll Liberals na
was just wreathed in smiles. I could not arti „üt Divine.	the duotor and his four friends, whom I
¦I
is hereby empowered to act in conjunction From PAHt experte net I should judge that with the president of the County of Pon his ‘explanation about his vote and the tiac Agricultural Society No. 1, in sign- striking superscription, (which is another i„„ 0f the deeds of the parcel of lot. the obscure explanation ot what he may do) said Society contemplate selling and dis coupled together on the eve of a political
posing of. -Carried.	co,‘teet 1	Pr°v,?<*> “ a-gnificant,
Moved by coun. Lang, seconded by and would seem to indicate that Mr. Pat.
coun. Prendergast that the thanks of this ti.on has not profitted by past fruitless Council are hereby tendered our respect- ‘ffort. in this respect,--it wou d seem as ed member, D. Gillies, Esq., for so 'f h„ were .till resdy to lead the “faith-prompt ly procuring and sending for the | ful against the enemy. u,e of this Council copies of Revised Stat I hereby invest myself with the author-ute. of Quebec -Carried.	“X he has invested in me, a. a parlia-
Moved by c un. McRae, seconded by mentary elector, and command Mr. James coun. Ling that the Mayor and Secretary T. to explain some more in his next issue. Treasurer bo and are hereby authorized I	lour*, faithfully,
to institute legal proceedings by levying a seizure under the hand of the mayor on the goods and chattels of Messrs. Lang and Kemp, of the London House, to re the amount of their licence fee—
$00—in virtue of by law No. 53 of this Council.—Carried.
Moved by coun. McCredie secounded by coun. McRae that the report of the auditors for the year 1890, be and is hereby accepted. —Carried.
Moved by coun. Lang, seconded by McRae that the rural inspector be directed to notify all parties whose roofs
are so const turned that the snow and ice I 3/OuldilKJ S, Blinds, falls therefrom on to the sidewalk, to have the same cleaned off as often as required, as they will be held responsible for any damage that may occur from said Carried.
Moved by coun. Armstrong and seconded by coun. Lang that councillors McCredie and McRae be appointed to go at their earliest convenience and inspect the Mill Bridge and to make an estimate of the number of cedars that will be required to rebuild the said bridge,—-Car'd.
Moved by coun McRae and seconded i by coun. Prendergast that the bill of Lt MBER ALW A^ 8 ON HAND.
R I tit Hobbs l>c settled by paying him ilie sum of $9 00, ai d also that Charles
bill be settled by paying him
says
a multi millionaire."
statements
to
THUS. PKBNDEKOàHT.^
poc.S. MM.
remand for Chester Whites*
Bristol
i
4
4
a
Saw and - -^ Grist Mills.
for Presbyterians Diseuse Immortality
% »
your
#
#
l H» ill
both.
Again he say* ho was not a supporter of the Liberal candidate, and ho “ coul 1 not rt the Conservative nominee " Pray
S
The undersigned begs to announce to the farmers and general public of Bristol and vicinity, that they are fully equipped for doing all kinds of
Custom Gristing,
---including--
WHITE FLOUR, GRAHAM FLOUR, BUCKWHEAT FLOUR, CORN MEAL AND GENERAL HASHING.
BUppO
what was Dr. Lyon in politics, whom he waa supporting ?—one of the most died ni the wool Tories th i* in the y
Oh, consistency, thou art a jewel ! Here too, James Thomas Pat tison would seem to be coloring the truth and his ‘explanation’ is not clear,—he should explain his ‘ explanation.’ Now, the real explanation for his conduct during the last p« IL. ticol campaign is this :	He does not like
a Frenchman, and that is the reason, to my mind, and not the reason he has himself given, why he did «not at first support the man who had received the unan* nomination of the Liberals of the county, hut only gave him his vote as a
1 am sure our friend
To b V. me wt Hlihx , acquire ?kill in some thing To become shlllml In business roetlv ods. vou should lake w course with us. Our favlluit s are t xcvllvnt ; our u*acuerHf t.u* best; our rates, most reasonable.
Write for new catalogue, giving full de-erlpllon of courses, methods of leaching and REDUCED K AT KS.
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
US to 151] Hanktst., Ottawa.
Pa. as well as poultry.
Glongylo Kotos.

A
Arthur Smilev,
4 4
Undertaker, tiiibalmer and Funeral Director S1IAWVILLE • - QUE.
day in our ar-
We are prepared to grind every the year (excepting Sundays) and ¦ rangements are so perfected that every farmer may get his own grist without
returning a second time for it. If you
and feast on whole-
minus
:o:
wish to save money some food, try our stone ground flour.
All orders will receive Personal Attention AND SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
Telephone No. :
I
J
WORKMAN. BEOS, k CO.
REMOVAL BACK TO OLD STAND.

4^ —

WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY etc. etc.
sal
*ISa
The subscriber desires to inform his old customers and the public generally that he has removed his blackeuoithing business back to hia old stand on Main Street ( opposite nobody,) where lie is now prepared to execute all work with which he may be favored in a most satisfactory
manner.
A complete stock of the above always on hand at
Main St. - - Shawville.
RRPA1RISG A SPECIALTY.
wa
Special attilntion paid to
hobse-ssoeing -0
and all kinds-
JOBBING AND REPAIRING.
For a Shave or Haircut
of
Bryson Carnival.
The tiret skating carnival of the was held on "the rink here on the 28th ult , and was a grand success in every particular. Although not many outsider* attended, owing to the unfavorable wen thvr, the Bryson people turned out in large numbers. The enterprising man* deserves credit for the excellent man he conducted the entertainment. Some very ex;>ensive and pretty costumes KBjggggThe pr.zos were won by Mrs. W. Campbell as “hospital nurse,” and Mr. G C Turpain, iS Highlander.” Mr. Herbie Coughlin was also admired in a natty Highland suit. Dr. T. C. Gab oury made a few remarks at the close of the costumed skating, after which many of the young folk strapped on their skates and enjoyed themselves for hour or more. Be'ow is a list of the costumed skaters :
Lulu Merleau. M «Id of Perth.
QC Turpain. Highlander.
Hector Tr« mblay Clown.
T T-cm hi ay, Cadet.
J It van. Washwoman.
T. Merleau, Old Woman.
A Merleau. Plasterer.
P Coughlin, Baseball Player.
H Coughlin, Highland Laddie.
H IIIm«- r. Saddler.
C Bars*»Ion. Nigger.
(i Moorhbad soldier.
A McCuaig. Nigger.
J McCuaig. Tramp.
T Moran, Soldier.
A McLean, Clown.
H Parker, Stars and Stripes.
Hitch.le Brother*, Sailors.
Kenneth McCuaig,Tramp.
K. Gaboury, Lacrosse Player.
M Bolam, Shanty man.
season
Call at the
Charges Moderate
Bair Dressing Parlor
Thanking tho public for past favors, the subscriber hopes by strict attention to business and by giving good satisfaction to mérita continuance of their patronage..
(OPPOSITE C. F. HopGINS’ STuRB, )
PROF
ger
ner
SILAS YOUNG
J LESTER.
were worn.
February 8th, 1877.
Truth.
Shawville, Nov. 9, 1S9G.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
cover
more
an
- Proprietors.
McCredie 56 Hodgins, -
It is a well known fact there is nothing contributes so much to a gentlemen’s appearance as a neat, good fitting Suit of Clothes.
Gentlemen desiring such cannot do better than leave their order with me.
Suits made only in the latest and most fashionable styles, and guaranteed to fit every time.
O
All kinds of Plaining and Matching *	executed.
Sashes, Doors,
coun.
ÜI
etc., etc., manufactured.

cause


!, ->

Building Contracts taken and Estimates Furnished.
LADIF8—	m „
B Tremblay, Fortune Teller.
A Kemp, Hnowflake.
M K« top, Olp*y.
M Kemp. Mil maid.
M Barr, Housemaid.
M Ry au, Hnowflt ke.
B McCuaig. Snowball.
M WiiÎFh, Tîr-<î Riding Hood, b WuMi Fi»H O M lFmer, Qi *
M Chi dwell. (i
Mrs W Campbell, Hospital Nurse,


C. FRAME
Shawville.
;
Telephone communication,
R. G. Hodgins.

Eobt. McCredie,
Night.
u <
Prices Moderate.
j Wait in
r).


i i
j










