###PAGE###1###
(S) ABÏMEE (S)
PAGE
1
4 ^
T
I
1
f
>
Z
V

r r
\
t
;


No. 24
18 th Yeah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, NOV. 29,	1900.
$1.00 a Yeaii in Advance.
hero on Thursday lanfc. Notwithstand- self, he said that many thought that lie the necessarily abort notice, the con von- should he again honored with the tion, rh will beacon from the list of dele- at ion ; hut h
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
nom in
e was not looking for that gates given below, was representative of honor, and in fact would much rather all parts of the county, a fact which decline it, and throw in what energy shows clearly that if defeated in the late and influence he possessed to help secure contest, the party everywhere through- the election of auothei out the county are by no means discour ed much could ho done if proper organ aged, hut, on the contrary, are ready and ization was carried out, and he thought prepared to enter the arena again with in- that work should he undvi taken at creased energy and devotion to the old He believed the Conservatives had made a flag.	.	mistake in allowing the election to go by
The public meeting, which took place acclamation three years ago. in the afternoon at one o'clock, although Mr. John Coyne expressed the view not very widely announced beforehand, that the election should not ho allowed was attended by a largo representation of to go by default, and asked an expression prominent men front different parts of the of opinion from the meeting as to all w-county. Mr. President E. Graham hav- ing the candidate, if one ing called the meeting to order, explain- out, to run as an Independent ed the purpose for which the delegates Mr. P. McNally, considered that the had again been summoned together, and consistent course for the Conservative then called on Mr. John Mann for a Association to follow, was, if they Bp ech. Mr Mann, who is a resident of brought out a man at all, to bring out a Ville Mario, and was present as the re- straight Conservative. And he had also presentative of the Temiscamingue re- to sav that if a man was brought out he gion, was heartily received on coining should have something at his disposal to forward. Mr. Mann alluded to the defray his legitimate expenses, tight they had put up in the late contest Mr. President concurred in the latter in his section, and to the high esteem in view
which Mr. Brabazon is held by the peo- After further remarks on the question pie there. He complained of the small of independence it was decided to put the pittance which the Quebec government matter to a vote, which indicated that had granted to his section to aid in ad- there was a division of opinion on the METHOI)I8T CHURCH.	vancing colonization, and stated that subject, whereupon it was agreed that
Ppn °D.S l]^V WVH.BlôhuBtonT ........much dissatisfaction prevailed among the the candidate should he allowed to
Hervicih every Habbsih at IO.80 e.m.; 7, p.ro. people as to the manner in which Mr. exercise his own judgment on such ques-Hunday Rchool at 9 30, a. m.	Gillies had expended the amount, small lions
w«- He assured the Conservative* Mr. Thos. McFarlane, mayor of Clar (Jeneral Prayer Meeting, Friday, 7.30, p.m. of the lower end that they had many emlon, said that he regretted they had Everyone welcome.	staunch friends in that distant part of the been defeated in the last contest, hut he
—--------	county, and that they could he relied knew that they had been defeated unfair-
Wood taken in exchange for photos at upon at all times to put up a good, ly, and that means had been resorted to H. Imison’s studio.	straight fight for the party. Mr. Mann which the Conservatives had been un-
considered Mr. Braliazon's chances up able to combat. He believed it only Coat Lost.— Taken from the hall rack there more favorable than would bo those right to share the burden of running an in the.Clifton House on nomination day of anew man, were one brought out now. election, but he did not believe in buying a long black frieze overcoat, with a pair Mr. II. 8. Dowd was the next speaker, a single vote.
of gloves and some j*apers in the pockets His remarks, while based on good ration- Mr. Wm. Beckett was next called upon, thereof. Information that will lead to al grounds, had about them a ring of con- This gentleman said lie was pleased t<> the recovery of the same will be thank- fidence and hope in the prospect which sec that Pontiac considered itself capable I fully received by the owner.	was most encouraging to his audience, of doing without outside representation.
. !	Fred Thomas, Shawville. and we believe went far to stimulate He had been brought up in Ontario him	*---------- them to deeper interest in the approach- self, and he believed we bad just as clev-
LIBERAL8 CONVENE. in8 than *ae known in the last con- er men here as they had over in that pro-
Mr. Dowd strongly favored put- vince.
Thus. Tubman	to
Id briefly of the work they had represent the county on account of the done in Thorne last election, and he large dealings the lumbermen had with thought they could give a pretty good a<-the government. Mr. Gillies being iden- count of themselves again.
a a æA » m t n i	The convention held here on W ed»vs- titied with these interests placed him in a A vote was then taken to ascertain the
Clarendon, me * at Mr. das. Carson • on day last by the Liberals to choose a candi- position where his sympathies were more feeling of the meeting on the question of Sunday last from paralysis. He was over date for the Local House was attended likely to be with the lumbermen than bringing out a candidate, when a practi-1 u years oi axe.	by about 45 delegates or representatives with the peoide he represented. It look- cally unanimous decision in the affirma
(nve uk a call and I am convinced of from the different sections of the county, ed to him (Mr. Dowd) as if the Liberals live was giver, The meeting then ad-
you will lie satisfied with quite a number of others who were had grave doubts of retaining Pontiac’s journed to allow the.delegates to proceed 1. ImIson, Photographer, interested in the proceedings. Little support olLtU^ri.-te they would not. have with their part of the work
business was done during the inomi.T" gone to the trouble of sending up a spe-Divine service will be conducted by hours, but much talk was being indulged cial train with the Hon. Mr. Duffy, and
le at St. John s <dwvh, M in a quiet way, and it did not require Mr. Weir, a cliver Montreal lawyer, to ’ ' the usual hour, ver- close discernment to notice that advise the po^y* as to how they should
V.tal and concert in	vas abided lack of harinopv in	in t hi Election. He opposed the
the ranks, a would be risky indeed i idea of outside representation for the \, UI1,
, , L H I te Stotflu «h* SRtiSaltitiS FZfS, “Stings IMS
Bryson and others.	which another man would find impossible
After dinner before the convention got n the short time at their disposal, down to business the meeting was ad- considered Mr. Brabazons office as war-dressed briefly by Mr. Duffy, who had to den particularly fitted him for the posi-1 Wilson leave at 2 oclock, and by Mr. Weir, who 11ion of our local representative, as he i1 ' t greater length. Both gentle- knew more of the requirements of the men had considerable to say in condem county than any other man in it, and lie nation of the ( conservatives, while on the was quite satisfied the interest t of the other hand they were profusely eulogistic county would be diligently looked after in of the virtues of the great accomplish- Mr. Brabazon's hands, ments of the Marchand and Parent gov- Mr. M. Hayes, Mayor of Sheen, being erimivnts. Neither made any excuse for called on said he was not prepared to disHolvinffjp legislature two years soon- make a speech on such short notice, but er than the constitution provides for, or would say, however, that if Mr. Bralwzon inr bringing the elections on at a most was brought out, his section would do as unpleasant and uneeasunable time of | well for him as it had done before.
. Dr. Lyon responding tp the chairman's After the speeches the work of the call, strongly favored giving opposition to convention wav proceeded with, and re- Mr Gillies. He thought the Conservatives suited, as stated above, l»y the nomina- had made a grave mistake in allowing him tion going toMr. Gilliea, t!io vote stand-I to get the seat last time by acclamation, ing ( nines, JJ;. Hudgins, 21. Mr. Hod- In the old times the Conservatives of Pon->nns had previously agreed to abide by tiac had never thought of defeat. They w i .	...	.. tee decimon of the coovantion, and when had brought out their men, stuck to
We enlarge photos. Bring your old rthe result was announced he gracefully them and had earned them to victory, photos to Iirnson if you want a copy or a submitted to it. His supporters, how- ;md ho believed they would do so again crayon portrait taken from them. We ever, wore anything but satisfied, and if every man did his duty and worked make the lu st for the least money. AH they had no scruples m coming out flat- faithfully to that end. He disapproved wrrk guaranteed.	footed with the chaire that they had not 0f the idea of forcing Mr. Gillies upon
•Studio, I ontiac House. received fair play. Had all the delegates the county again, and was prepared to
whom avtr that they will not be hound Mr. James Ilennessy, ex-mayor of The Bryson Advocate says it is not '}’ whai the convention has done,^ while Chapeau, next called, said he made true that Mr. Otto Thru», of A Id field, ln.î}n^	identified themselves witli the pretesious to public speaking, but claim
offered a number of German voters to , n l,	y ^'upaign, have de* ed that he and his friends were workers,
the liberals at the rate of $1.75 per c. .m , îlL In °* WH>* m which and were prepared to fall in aith the ac* head. Just so. As wo heard the story l[nn^s turnaa out they will support tion of the convention and would do what " the price asked was $2.75. Whether ^ candidature of Mr. Bralwzon in tho | they could.
theruu '.rw^ f«lse er otherwise, however, rMr. Andrew Grant, whom » previorâ^H
one thing i# c^rtwin, the goods were not . .	.	IE*¦¦ P °* I*00 8 a,l> speaker remarked, was representing the Mr. Brabazon opened the campaign at
delivered. ;	111	11	ru,J6	ladies on tho occasion, made one of his Starke’s school house on Friday evening,
.	.	. I	^	usual witty speeches, with an anecdote or where a large number of the electors turn-
CONSERVTrVKVBRY MUCH
nel" ^lhen!^ W*'	, deîerlTm.e 1the	__	him ho favored opposition to Mr Gillies, of Dr. A. Lyon, Mr. Kobt, Harris, W.
route	of tho	t ta wa canal.	A	short	turn	He was prepared to go into tho fight, and	J. Starke, H. 8. Elliott and others. The
•go they were working	among	the hills in Mr. Brabazon Unanimously Cho- leave nothing undone so far as lay in his	meeting was a most orderly one, and de
Moos	witli	tlic	same	object.	Avicientlj sen to Contest the Local Seat. power to secure the election of	the Con-	cidedly in sympathy with	the cause of
the Government are	to	lie furnished	with	---- sorvative candidate.	the Conservative candidate.
abundant s*Rta r<> conunce it that the | If real genuine enthusiasm and a fixed Mr. Brabazon who was next called.	----
determination to tight counts for any- was heartily applauded on ascending the Mr. Brabazon, accompanied by Dr. thing, the	Conservatives	of Pontiac	platform. He began his remarks	by re-	Lyon, visited the Calumet Island on Sat-
should be winners in the contest	which	turning his sincere thanks to all	those	urday, and held meetings at O Hare a
the Parent	Administration	has	forced	who had stood by him in the late contest.	Corners ana at Calumet Island village j Lyon	addressed	the	electors,	and	after-
They had put up a splendid fight	in the	The latter meeting, held in the evening,	wards	assisted	iu	organizing	a	strong
face of heavy odds, and	had	therefore	was largely attended, and gave promise | working committee,
nothing to be ashamed of.	Although de-	of much better returns from	that section	«The same evening Mr. J. H. Shaw, Dr.
feated he was much gratified to see that	than in the late contest. The candidate.	Alexander,	Mr.	8.'J. Ralph,	A.	8miley,
the Conservative party was still united	Dr. Lyon, Capt Ricard, and Mr. Bastion	and others drove to Radford	and assisted
and ready for the fray. Regarding him- addressed tho electors. In the late cam- io forming a committee there.
Heed Offtne: .. .. Capital autwmtwt Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA.
..........11,094,900.
........... 1,7*1.080,
........... 1,403,810.
I
OF CANADA.
H«et
man. He believ
fi
Board of Virecton :
Charleh Maukk, Esq., President. George Bat, esq.,Vice-President.
Ho*. Geo. r-HVio*, J*. John Mathrh, Knq.. Alex. Khaslh. Enq , David IIacLahkn, Ktw*.,
be**is Mcnrev, Ehq.

CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Housekeepers I
- $6,000,000.
I
JIIC6
0
Head Office, • Montreal,
45
GEORGE BURN. D. M. KjNMK
General Manager .. .. Manager
m
Keep in mind that we have always been in the lead as grocers, and that we are still in the front rank. -:-
i
lvra&rhas •
IN ONTARIO
Kf-ewattn.
Kt-mptr.lle,
M.itUwa,
Ottawa, lo Saak St
do lUdwau St. Toronto, Vuokleek Hill, timlth'a Tails
IN MANITOBA :
,	Winnipeg,
Portage U Prairie.
IN QUEBEC :	L
SIIAWVILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved security At reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parte of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounta opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
10 A.II. to 3 P.M.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager.
Lanark,
Parry Sound, Pembroke, Hat Portage Renfrew
Alexandria, Am prior, Avonmore, Braoebridge, Carle ton
fought
were
t
Plane,
Hawkesbury,
!
i
Dauphin
1

i
/
OFFICE Hours . Saturdays . .
Montreal,	Hull, Ucbute.
Agente In Canada, New York and Chicago— Hank of Montreal.
Agents in 8t. Paul—Merchants Nat Bank;
Agente in London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.


: n
Our Grocery Stock

Church Services
LOCAL NEWS.
Is large and well-assorted and of the finest quality.
Bibles, Hymn Books, Prayer Books, etc for sale at the Drug Store, Shawville.
For Organs, Pianos and Sewing Ma chines, soe A. Howard it Pontiac House.
Drehr-Making—two doors from The Equity offle* by Mrs. Woodley and Misa McCredifw
WANTED A blotti G


Canned Coods.
We have a choice variety of Canned Frujite and Vegetables—all fresh goods and finest brands.
good general servant M. Donaldson, Shaw
.'r ¦
r
When in noed of Bible, Hymn Book, Prayer Book, or Book of Praise, call on the drug store.
GIRL WANTED for general housework Apply at or.ee to Mrs. IL H. Knox,
Shawville

Holiday Goods.
Mr. Labclle, notary, of Hull, paid a flying visit to town on Thursday evening, returning next day.
test
We are busy opening up Fancy Goods for coming Holiday Trade, of which we wCl talk to you later.
Mr. Gillies Captures the Nomina- !'n« "I1 ]°M,,1,Kilion Mr. Willies, win,
he considered warn not the right man to chan

WANTED—A quantity of green or dry hardwood. Apply to

tion from Mr. G. F. Hodgine by
one Vote.
Dr. R. H. Kl(x k.
Mr. Robert Barker, an old resident of
J. H. SHAW
the fact that our work.
The delegates present were the follow
ing:—
(Juyon-Jus. Amin, H. 8. Dowd.
S Onslow, No. 1.—Jos. A mm.
Bristol, No. 1.—Andrew Grant, Win
Rev. Mr.
Clarke’s, S
Bovle
m
M a
Elliott’s hall on Thursday evening—29th —St. Andrew’s Eve.
Rev. Mr. White conducted the Presbyterian services at the Masonic hall on Sunday morning.
Don't let your political enthusiasm interfere with giving your patronage to Andrew's Eve concert, Elliott’s hall, on Thursday evening.
Mr. Colin Campbell, of Rankin, and friends, while hunting in Leslie last week had the phenomenal luck to shoot a pure white deer.
Clarendon, No. 3—Duprey McCleary I R. McJanet, H. T. Argue Clarendon, No. 4—R
W. Ralph, Jas

PIANOS
Shaw ville - J. H. Shaw, Robt. Hobbs
Portage du Fort—John Coyne, Wm Beckett.
Bryson —Wm. G. Le Roy.
Sheen—Michael Hayes.
Chapeau — James Hennessy.
Ville Marie-John Mann.
Thorne—Thus. Tubman, G. Atkinson.
Calumet Island—Jos. Ricard, Jas. Ostrom.
Litchfield —Paul McNally, P. Lunain, Dr. McNally.
Aldtield—Fred Crowse, Ameil Crowse.
Fort C'oulonge—E. Davi*.
The declaration of the ballot showed that tho convention was very strongly in favor of Mr. Brabazon, and his nomination was made unanimous, and the meeting was again thrown ojk*n U tho public. Mr. Brabazon reluctantly accepted the nomination, and did so only because it was the earnest wish of the party that lie should. He would do his utmost to be elected, and trusted all his friends would unite and work with all their energies to secure that result.
Short and stirring speech? made by Mr. Mann, if. 8.
St

The D. W. KAHN COMPANY, Limited,
Mr. George H. Davis, of Hubberton, Vermont, has joined his wife and daughter, who have been visiting relatives in this neighborhood for some weeks past.
r/i
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA,
Opposite Blythe’s New Store.
year
Rev. R. Warrington sailed from Montreal on Saturday for the Ould Sod. His numerous friends in this ncighlmrhood as well as his lato parishioners, will lie anxious to learn of his safe arrival in the land! of his birth

We have several good Square Pianos and we want to sell them quickly. Our new stock is coming along now, and we need the room. When in the city, come in and make us an offer.


s were then Dowd, Dr. Lyon and oth . and a i und was op# m to defray the legitimate expenses of the electon.'to which nearly every elector in the hall subscribed.
The meeting then adjourned with cheers for the candidate and the Queen.
Snbsoquently a well attended meeting was held in tho local committee rooms for the purpose of laying out a plan of (campaign, and taking the initial steps towards organization
Do you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.
•#
Ï.
See our Mr. J. R. HORNER, ShawviUe. He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
no
The Campaign in Progress.
<

paign Mr Brabazon was unable to visit the island, otherwise a different result would have occurred.
Farm for Sale.
la*ter place there was a large turn out, notwithstanding that the weather was d fatreeible
There are good building erected thereon w hich are nicely situated at the favored summer resort,
About 100 acres are in good shape for cut-tivation. The remainder consists of bush-land containing a large quantity of pine, maple, ash and pulpwood. For terms and particulars apply to
project is practicable

Green Lake.
Mr. Brabazon and Dr
. ,, .	_ I upon the province at this most unfavor-
Mr. Brabazon and friends able season of the year. Never was a
will address the electors more harmonious meeting, and never
¦hShhbM	was greater enthusiasm displayed than
that which characterized the public meeting and convention held in Elliott’s hall
i
fT
m

at Yarm on Saturday, Dec. lsç, at 2 o’clock.
S. E. WILSON,
Cascades P. O., Que,







fl

* i


. ;

ph \ V

».
\

¦: /
iii*
Vi
L.





###PAGE###2###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)
f

(
I
!
)
i
be re-
z= °-«
way and one the other
blackened oll-palntUigg may moved by rubbing them gently ^ i t b (he inaide of a. cut potato, carefully
siH>ngin| off, twin time to time, the Then an appeal I» taken to juice and dirt. When the whole *ur- Court of Appeal, and the same thin* ' face hna been ho	treated, hit by bit,	happens, only	the Judges of this court
a final Sponging	must \# given.	are ¦upposed	to be still more highly
The best way to brighten a carpet rR,nod 0Kl,,,rt8« an(1 here also win i. to vut a half lu.ul.ler of aihrlte ^elda ona way and three
of turpentine in a basin of water ,nd |	"a"‘* ,acU am1
& ac: :: K! a 12; ^	^
11	brighten up 1	urt* wher,N the same old
stockât	emergency	cupUwird,	wisy	of	unli, y(nl think it	now. Another good	story Is,told,	with the result possibly
access, and	containing simple	remedies	way {0 chain old	carpets is t<‘ rub	tliet three will	decide one way anil two
for the many aches and pains of child- them over with meal, just dampen it the other.
little and ruh the carpet "»th| p^mtly comes the Judicial Committee
of the Privy Council, and then a fl„al decision Is made one way or the other. Vut apt to be the nearest right cause they have no appeal above /hem, and do not trouble themselves nearly so much about precedents a.ti
utnship of one, M. da ^pey Passavant of Uasle.
ginally asking £L\00l) for it, eventually accepted it be modest sum of £750, just half what he himself gave for
Rut the state gains more than this These foster children very hugely, almost exclusively go to the country and Brow up to beeomi farmers and farm* As one goes ghoul the city lie can-: enV wives. The iiust it utioivil plan ng-not fail to no ice the boys and girls gravâtes the congestU'U of the city md going along tLs street in long files renders it impossible (in must cases) Il the livery or uniform of some char- for the children to learn an> thing hut liable institution; and as the visitor a city trade. Not only this hut the pusses along the quieter streets in the child often taken so young to a foster residence portion of the city ho can- home that before he realizes the dif-not but notice large, trimly kept, yet formers his habits of thought are grim, buildings, bearing the words, fixed, becomes a man among men, one " Roys' Home,” “Girls' Home.' or “Ur- of the community. I hold no brief for phanage.” 1 never look at these the Childrens Aid Society and doubt-buildings and l never see a file of boys less they make unfortunate mistakes or girls without feeling for the little non an I again, but a.s b t\\ « n the two people. No doubt they are better off systems, so long as m n s< e the diffor-tfcun living in the streets and sleep- cnee between twilight and daylight 1 ing in dry goods boxes, and empty feel sure they will adopt the system barrels, but they are very much worse "Vick these societies represent, vif than thoy mignt be.
An Unnatural System
i uromo Letter.
Llhe Home \
I his gent lean a, from ori-
oms
it
Another curious book, or rather library of books, is the celebrated Chinese Kncyrlopiedi.i which rests today in the British Museum, days most of us are familiar with the enterprise of the bookmaker though we fancy we know a bit we have yet to produce a work in 6,109 volumes which shall practically sum up everything in the known world from its alphabets down to its axis, Nevertheless, this is only what pi tient, plodding John China man accomplished s<i long ago as 17J6, at a cost of time, brains, and labor which it is utterly beyond the power of Western intellect to even approximately ca lou] ite.
KM BKGKNCY CUPBOARD.
In every house where there are children there should Iw a remedy ©up-Isv-V’d- That is, not the ordinary
medicine chest, with innumerable bottles huddled together, but a
tW4»
the other
In these
argu.
But
well-
\
very
it, and when perfectly dry sweep over the meal.
hood. No household is conducted without an occasional accident and a bruise ; a burn or an ugly cut are all of frequent occurrence where there are children. If there is a place where one can always find some soft medicated cotton, bandages of different \\ hit he, ab'.w hr III gang and II bot»
One of the most intereeting miaoel-1 U? ,,f 80,n<' antise|,tio solution' . U
will prevent the frantic running
about when such articles are needed,
be-
SIMPLICITY MUCH flEEBEC
i


A. B. 0,

?
GREAT COST OF LITIGATION IN | about Justice
THIS COUNTRY.
i
Then what happens? One man wins and the other lose*, neither being
Cel. De*hen's sesgcMi. »» f»r Law Wf | together til the l ight, nalthtr altogether
am» Dew Ibe Lew Idwlatei*** lice—From Appeal lo Appeal iiiill l**e
MULTUM IN PARVO
Of course we nil believe that physical! y theM children are well looked after, that they receive plenty food, are wi.rmly clad, and that their health is considered. In the same way g much thought is expended in training Lb mil Some, at first sight, might say that these children are far better off than ia the average household, where th patent has never made u study
ing, and vhere tlm biblical account is strictly true that they are "vhas-
lanies of MSS. in the world is the I Aehbuyiham Collection ginally offered in toto to the Treasury, in 1879, for the sum of £160,000, was fin illy split up into several portions, the principal subdivision, known as the Stowe Collection, being pur-
-
t)f Many IIum-uiu Tmi-urm < onlnln Ln al
Ural li In Entail ioui|ii»».
I be Elgin Marbles, which contain absolutely the finest speimeng of Greek art in the world, were rescued by the celebrated Lord l.lgiu when, in 17UJ, tint nobleman acted us our Ambassador to the Porte. . . that time the vandal tucks were knocking the figures to pie os out of sheer wantonness — not one of tho
In the wrong, but one gets everything the other loses everything, him
which, ori-
nnd save to the lit tie sufferer many tilrolta of pun. To be thoroughly satisfactory the emergency cupboard must lie kept in perfect order and systematically arranged. For instance, in one compartment keep the every-day, remedies for coughs and colds, such as quinine, listerine for gargling, croup kettle, atomiz r and u compress and flannel bandages.
" Ml
costs and hie opponent's taxable costs, while the successful
NulUor 1% Usitl.ru |il.
The Canada I>aw Journal of the 1st October lust had an article commenting upon some remarks made l»y the indice magistrate In reference to excessive law costs. The Issue of that
man I* heavily purilHhed In his solicitor and clietit coats, and In the mental worry, log# of time, etc.
^ ( chisel by tho British Museum for
X slight idea of its romantic and historic value may be gleaned
The total costs In a case like this journal dated the 1st Inst, contains a TOUld probably amount to thou.an ls reply from Col. Denison. In which he lf dol|arB ,f nnt <en, o( thousands says that he had not made charges! ^ mlght have bee,, as eatlafactorly
....	,	. ,	,	, ,	.	/gainst the legal profession but ! tt,e(1 without expense, and with jnsl
ihe beat treatment for a bruise / against the system of the administra-1 „ „|Uch wrtal(lty |f thr partleiJ
tofised a copper to decile it at the start.
It muet be remembered that a
£1X0(0
child-life, or child-train
when it is stated that amongst other priceless treasures it contains a
senes being rescued with its full eom-iu piement of limb», countering almost
til for ; heir t ;> re it s) ow n pie ure.M
\ >1 i lie will of VIftel the Great,
the original signed minutes of the| to "l’Ply soft cloths wet with hot wa- tlon of civil Justice. After correcting
1er, and if the contusion is very pain- one or two errors he goes on to say:—

In 1803, after en-insuperable tiff—1 fioul lies at the hands of obstructive
To this I reply, that they
better off than they would be in the homes from which many have been taken, and far better than hiving no homes at 11 but the comm an h lunts of vice, but I am nor prep ire l to allow that hey are better off than in the average bonne. In fact they are
worse off.
trial of Joan of Arc, an l the original return of those who refuse! to pay ship money, prominent amongst whom stands of course the name of
John Hampden. In short, the whole bâtie halt full of very hot water 1 ^
collection tee,us with document, -d place its month under the injured;	of	dlgpute8 between
which, although intrinsically worth- spot. It a little pressure i. used the c|Uzena	|g J ^solute necessity,
are historically pruelesa, the •««am in a few moments will extract m ^ w#	bal.Uar„m,
originally paid tor the whole! ‘he splinter. Before bandaging a cut, w(u,re ||Q man woull1 have any rights
“Now, having corrected these To extract a splinter roes, I will state my views in refer-
ful a little laudanum may be added to the water
from a child's hand fill a wlde-mouth-j «nee to the administration of civil jus-
t!ce.
er-
tnan
once In the law cannot avoid this. if a poor man Is fighting a rich man, ir a rich corporation, he must absolutely give up his right to have the case decided, or run the risk of ruin.
funk K* h officials, the noble lord set
sail for b is n itive laud uali his valuables
Off CVrigo, however, t lie whole lot went lu the bottom, whviieo they were only recovered tilier three years' stubborn toil by native divers.
The Slate has taken upon Itself

It was against this eye tern that I based my remarks, atid expressed my hope that some day the people through their Parliament would be able to reform It
less
very
j Eventually they were Linde i ni Enulle re lib» ungrateful fellow-Tie diJficuliy is that the a trais- countrymen first i>f all did all they
Too Wooden
price
being many linitvs beneath its value wash it thoroughly with some anti-.unless he was able to defend them by in an auction-room
End.
septic solution. When it is perfectly furve. The State, having taken upon clean bring the edges together and itself this duty, and having the power hold in place with warm strip of of organized Government to enforce adhering plaster. Leave a space be- anything it undertakes, It follows that tween tbein for the escape of blood, the Individual citizen Is at the mercy and apply a dressing of absorbent, of the system which the State devises, guui». When the wound is entirely and is helpless in its hands. I hold
1 * .1 U* 1 i he plaster may b • easily re- therefore that when a man Is a peace-B oved by moistaninff at first with •<!-oohol. The stinging pain of a superficial I urn in iv hr m slant I y all iyed
by painting with flexible collodion, of organized society, that he is entitled white of egg or mucilage, If the skin if he gets into any difficulty or disks broken apply a dressing of boracic pule with a neighbour, which they acid ointment or vaseline
mere off an institution, no miller could to minimize the importun e of j how well oooihi; ted, is one. to some
w li.u 11 ansfer the metaphor, “that tack was found t > fail miserably, never wots by sea or shore." Nom.it* wound up by shrieking at ins heart- A simple ana beautiful memorial, ter how well an institution is con- lessness in despoiling G reive of her which has been subscribed for by ducted it s whole air is institutional, national art treasures
rout inn 1. wooden, totally unlike any- 1816, Lie whole collection, which had Huskin, was reoviitly thing eise in the community, and cost the collector up»\ ir Is of £71,01W Friar's Crag, Keswick, The monument
generously consists of a simple monolithic block of
riven the matter attention say purchased by the nation for the muni- Borrowdale stone, rough and unhewn,
I ’ is of
I think that the Bute should legislate so that the Judges should decide disputes quickly and simply without formalities, and without regard to anything except the absolute Justice in each case; that there should be only one appeal, which should he final; that musty precedents, perhaps the mistakes of men gotie by, should not be worshipped or followed to create Injus-If the State did this, did away with all fees of every kind, and hired
the find, and, when ihi-s point of at-
M EMU HI XL TO RUSK1N
\

iu I friends and adnrrers of the late Mr.
unveiled at
Finally
able citizen, obeying the laws, paying his taxes, and conforming to the rules
M n who to laud in Kugluud, w.**
Mast of all like a home
h i
e
tlce
h y oiü spot a man or w »nian firent sum of £ u.UOJ, although the aii il ürtUiJ * um f be quarry
UA& real value of the collection could not l^e type of the standing at one* of (*al-detll ful, there well have been Àv>s th m at le ist four |i°waJ» which aru the earliest Christian do<iibt th t u tcnes ih it amount.
that
raised «b instituti a avers
the lawyers at fixed salaries to assist the Judges in bringing forward evidence. there Is no occasion why disputes could not be settled in one-tenth of the time, and at one-twontieth the expense now Incurred.
cannot settle between themselves, to be able to appeal to the State to see that justice is done, and I feel that
While
this 13 je no
1 monuments of the Celtic people now extant. Upon oue side is incised a simple flu-Kilo inclosed in a circle alter the fashion of these earliest crushes, with the following inscription beneath from "iVucaiwui,’* Lecture xii., par. 40; The Spirit of God is urotinu you m the air you breathe—Ills
cvi n
child
start
JAPANESE LILY
1
Ui hough ul nothing Uk^ f L mi ms
orph i nags
in
raised
out im life badly hnndir-.nped intrinsic value us the Klgi l Marble*
an
No lily i* miMv popular with it ma- thi* llul>' slioulil be performed at the
least i	I hie es e to the indivi-
dual.
Now, whit is tha u^ual course under th- present system ? Two neighbours In a business transaction have a dis-
teur growers than the gulden-rayed 1»!y of Japan, whose flagrant flowers are so splendidly ha.nd.*orao. Well-grown plants in pots pi %rro several
aa c inmi red with a child who has there rests in Ma da me
oom<
I US Ml lui s
Museum in Lou.lull, a vehicle which u would be hard to bant both for in -
out of the average home
FLASHES OF FUN
iwck of Lov-e, Lack of Incentive.
The reason is not far to seek ule of the institution is tou met'ha ni- used
torn* inieiest and past re urds of
1 his is (h.- carriage
flowers if the bulbs writ* good, but it is not certain to
I h* money-making
( pule or a misunderstanding. It often
V «ieat 8Uo~ j happens that there Is a good deal to Grand as he sUd on both aides. The dlffer^N®»
it undoubtedly looks wIU growing ha - er Ittpoonch^^.	mind in ilic.lMWMb
in a	bed	and	throwing	up its	stately ,	citizens have to appeal Y*,e State to	wh*,her to depart this life	as mine*
.pikes	above	such	foliage	as	that	of	decide. One dtlscn goes to W lawyer, | pie 8tewwl blackberries,
rhododendrons, some prefer it in pots, lays the whole case before him natural*
Get sound bulbs, put thorn well in tome ly with hi* own colouring, and gets an 1,0 yuU want a transfer? aske<*
opinion on the law. The counsel knows th? conductor. What for / asked the
well that no one can positively tell	matl with the alligator bug.	So	that
what is the law, bat probably gives an	you can take another cur.	No,	sir.
opinion that his client has a guod case, 1 hav<‘ waited twenty minutes for this and one that is worth fighting in the o««S a ml l propose to king on to it.
First Restaurant Cockroach —Wby
so #1^ »y? What are you thinking about ? Secon/
I
1U ! glory in the light you see, and in the fi uiliulneas of the earth and the joy of 11 ia creatures—Ho has written lor
by N-polcJU liuun ipurle al, too comp l Me, It allows no scope his campaigns between Moscow uuJ for Lrdividuality, it provid3S no io- Waterloo
comb if placed out of d
P
_____________________________________pt .was captured from the
a>thnes no 'deals. It gives them food fugitive by a Gorin m officer,
<1 cloth im* and sum - learning but few mile.*» only from W.Gerloo, and tri v e them individual at ten-, Has subsequently presented q, individual example or loving J Prince Regeut of England.
The work hi i|i st
you day by day. ILs revelation, us lie has granted you day by day your daily bread, munulitli, facing the lake and the scene which ltu^kin unve described “as one
v\ aen a
On the ether side of the
to tie Xs about
suitable compost and treat them generously afterward and they will give excellent returns. In potting these and other liliums let the bulb be plac-
y mpeKÛ^v
rpha^gc çhild feels that he is out- Little Corporal was naturally ai fev-ido lire oominnity, that he L not er heat, it Wv-urre 1 to a man named
I
ur thi'» time the public interest in the
of three most beautiful scenes in Europe, ’ is a medallion in bronze, the
work of hignor Lucohesi, representing Husk.u as he was in his prim -, in the tarly seventies. Above the portrait ii the nam
k otBcr children, and that there is Rallook ILa a show of his Mod y who tv-ally cares how he sue- might be ids; so long as he does not bring coruingly purchased n from its Roy i
iligu as was the
carnage He ne-
ed very low djowrn in the pot, so as to leave ample room for the almost
fvliu	it u kin;” beneath	essential top dressing Let the coin-	^ ' OI a "nt ls served. alul l^e dt‘*
l()	post comprise the l test loam, leaf	'codant goes to his lawyer for advice,
mould, decayed manure, course sand The lawyer hears the defendant's staie-
aud knobs of charcoal and the liliums ment, looks up precedents, and advise* lhe first thing	will flourish especially if they are	tjm d,It,nd lhe ctt3ei allhou*h he ai.
.. —• - - w—M» «1	1,	«.	w|%	jkssv» 25? ;« !£	asrsÿxjüjsï £»- •sr; «-—» -	» -
par^ “oikly ten per tient, turn out during 181Ü, tho year after Waterloo, brow of Friars* Crag, Derwmtwater." I	  *	0	ine	Ja‘
ni." The pis tor a grow - 1 • -> or upwards o€	100,DUO eights® paid
girl is in an average family. Here good round sums for the privilege of ihey may uot be as well fed and cloth- sitting in it.
ed as in a school, but they will re- j One of the qui in test pieces of mus-ceive and give sympathy, they will ©urn history is attached to the Hen-bave some one to encourage them as riel ta Maria missal, a tiny volume John and Many, not as class j, or which adorns the shelves of the dormitory 15. They see the self- South Kensington Museum, sacrifice, the determination, the alert- unique piece of book-binding, the ness of mind that the father and mere gold work on the cover of whn h moih. r must exercise Ln order to sue- must have taken its designer in ny Ceed, and which they must practice years of the most skilful labor, was in th<ir turn. They meet the child- one day brought into the director's
a goon draw
A letter is written to the other
courts
A bong with tho title, '* There’s a •Sigh in tho Heart,” was sent by a young man to his sweetheart, but the paper fell into the hands of the girl's father, a very unsentimental physician, who exclaimed ; What ^retched, unscientific rubbish is Ibis ft Who ever heard of such a case t HA wrote
Mistaken diagnosis ?
tual disgiac-e upon the institution, owner lor £J,jOd i even then thiugli he may not puce, the ede-nstaud percentage, yet he in- tied his expenditure ivativtdy real zes that he only helpe month of exhibition he cleared no
the
dates
IE n ath these again is in-
MLCCCXIX
art
speculator spee-lily jus;i-
lu a single
MDCCUC
vised the inscription,
The case Is now fairly l started, and the costs begil to roll up.
! Motions "1 all kinds van l>< made; to set I on 1 *v' outslds
^birds require a	good deal	more	csUe appearance, for security fur coals, i no sigh in the	heart	possible.	Sighs
h than they	get,	and	many	for particulars of statement of claim 1 relate almost entirely to the	lungs and
peopir;	though devoted to	their	pets,	ur defence, to strike out statement oi | diaphragm 1
are thoughtless in this respect
CAGE BIRDS
(H0M

¦¦ m
A
' claim or defence, fur better and furthei Green f«xxl is as necessary for our affidavit on production, to compel at-little feathered friends as it is for tendance of witnesses, and so cn. Then us, and they should have some daily, the examination f>r discovery, and
LOST AT SKA
lins
An illustration of life on the huge
A lettuce leaf will be greatly appro- olhel’ examinations, conducted at great I ocean-going ships is given In the fob dated, the succulent mid-rib will be length, and with tiresome reiteration | lowing story;
and repetition all taken down In short



m
i

On one of the voyages of a great
en voracb un Gi ; dsel will occasionally find favor, and can be var- haad* a11 extended in full, all rolling I steamship from Hamburg to New York
led with chick weed and apple, but it 1 Uiv> expanse. 1 hen after all these a little seven-year-old immigrant boy
will generally be found that lettuce ‘uuU 'ns an 1 filIngs of amdavl18. and was lost for three days. He left his
examinations upon them, and attendances. and drafts and engrossing*, etc. the case at last comes before a jury.
Technicalities of law are brought up, and discussed and overruled and • re-
<

% ï

V
I
rein of the com m uns Ly on even foot- office by u well-known society lady kg, mot degraded by a pu ttchial or She ex; i ne» li eu tiunnl livery and virtually sell it immodiateiy for the beneiit of la lx lied as objects of pity	fur	the	a charily—what	would	the director*
kiindhearied and ih# butts	for	the	give her for it 1	Romo	blight idea of
ridicule and contempt of	the	un-	| the beauty of the work}	may be gat h-
ihlnkiiig childxcm of their own	age.	ered when it is	staled	th it the di-
Ghildreal understand and reilize bet- | rectors immediately m ule out a t«*r than we thunk, and too often the cheque for £700, which was accepte t,
,t tiny b...K le.?s than lin. in The actual value of the vol-


el that she wanted to

mother and started in quest of adventure about the big ship, but upon
is best liked.
A little hemp may lie given, but it is heating, and should i>e only given when the bird will come and take it from the band.
N
growing tired was unable to find hU way Lick to her. Instead of asking some one where to go, or ti lling that
l,‘.v


Më
sen Then w i 111eases are examined
A spray of millet should always be	again,	with the same reiteration and re-	bti waa io8t| thti >'oun« truant decid-,
in the cage, besides a glass of mixed	petition all again	taken down in short-	641 to continue	his explo ratio us	inde-•
rape and canary, three parts of the	hand.	Objections	are raised to ques-	(biitely.
latter to two of the former being the	lions.	These are	also argued, and the | When found,	he waa sleeping	in an
i ir ht pr< port ion#
The daily Lith should l>e attached to the cage and not laid on the floor, for in this way the sand is made wet and the cage unhealthy.
C',: IU&
re
•Vr
* 1..	.7>\
jm
iron enters into me soul in a way i for mt s s th	. .6
height
objection sustained or overruled, with empty coal box down among the en-
u
lime in an auotion-room is estimate!
peints again reserved
These things gines. Une of the ciew took him to all tending to conf use the minds of the the captain, who detailed two stew g
jury as to the real merits of the case, | ards to search for his mother.'* which are often to be found on both
A Better Way
at many thousands of pounds, m:ik-Tbe institutional plan is better than ing it absolutely the must valu tide no plan at all, but i>t is not the-only book of its
plan. There is a much better one, Only £50 more was pall for lhe the plan pursued by the children's Charlemagne Bible, a volume rneasur-aid societies of this province, of Mini- ing 20in. by 14 1-2 in. and contain-
toba, British Columbia and of many ing 44‘J pages of thin veil inn. In ad-; EARTH IMPOVERISHED BY SEA of lhe Union. First of all it isdi lion to being a marvel of neat
Ibis featers gummed un Marqué toque and a large rosette oi mous seline de soie to match th shades.
size in existence
They fourni her with some difficulty and discovered that she, too, had been long I arguments of I lost. She had started out to look counsel, then the Judge's charge, then j for her son, and had not been able objections ,f* the judge’s charge. | to get back to her own part of the the reserving of more points, with the
nixed
sides
WORTH REMEMBERING
i
Then follow
Dandruff is very contagious, and may be contracted in many ways.
Btushes and combs, padded chairs and
hats and caps are often the means ^ult that the Jury will probably give of conveying the infection. Great care (he verdict one way, while the Judge should always be taken to keep the ])aa reserved law points to settle whe-scalp scrupulously clean, as a perfect- | then the declaim should not be tho

A muddy river Woken* one of the
better for the child, for all the reasons workmanship this book has a wealth I greatest of national losses. It means I have give n, and many more. It is	of history which takes us back to 778	that the rich soil,	which Jack Frost
better for the foster parents, because	A.I). In that year	the great	Em-	and other natural	agencies have been
it gives then} children instead of ser- , peror commissioned	one of our	own |	agee \n forming, is	washing away into
vants, and often produces a n rd	Beds'# disciples to	commence	this)	the ocean. Tillers	of the land could
said affect toil on both sides that is no huge work, with the object of pro-less deep than between blood relations, due ing An 1 that it it better for the state is the Scriptures, the easiest part to prove. To look for a mum -nt at t^o financial aspect. The average cost her child per year in an institution is not lea* than $200 (generally more.* If a child remains in a "home ' five yejara (which is possibly ?he average) h|r costs the state $1.000 By the system of sending out children •t ogee to be adopted into fosterhomes the total obarra often amounts to no more than a n#v dress or new suit of clothes and <t runway ticket, say, $10
ship again.
QUITE SECURE
In St. Paul’s the other day a guide was showing a gentleman round the
,
ly healthy, clean scalp is much less other liable to contract skin diseases than
The case may then come up before tombs, the full court, and the points of law That, sir, said the man, his the White crocheted shawls are cleaned	concerning which (If the law Is the	tomb of the	greatest naval *ero
by covering them for a night with	great science our profession claim It to	Europe or the	world Lever knew—
flour or white corn meal; then shake	be) there should be no question, have	Lord Nelson’s.	This marble snreoug-
them well, ami if not perfectly clean ! to be decided. Three judges, supposed	bogus weighs	forty-two tons
do much to prevent the loss by keep-perfect ly correct copy ofjiDg the ground on hillsides covered
neglected or dirty one
a

with trees or with sod. It Is the cul-i be work was complete 1 In 801 and j tivated field on a slant which washes presented to Charlemagne


When
away most rapidly,
It is contrary
however some years later, his grand-1 to ,luWic pvlioyi or at laast to the
•on Lothaire wy, driven from Franc*,, welfare of the future, that the top he carried it with him to the Bene- wil of such |lind should be »6nt down
die tine Monastery of I’rum, in Lor-| ,he ocean when it might be yield-Thence it travelled to Basle,
Hin
to be experts, Impartial, upright men, | Bide	his a steel repepticle weigh
who have devoted their lives to the
repeat the treatment.
An easy way of keeping linoleum
clean, without resorting to	washing,	sludy of th* ,aw’ 8lt for h°u,a a"d
is to remove the dust, and	then rub	lls,tn ^ same arguments on‘ eI weighing over two tons.	Hmsidetuf
r s*	ssrSSsSr 35S Kast %
several	hands, it finally	found its way	'tuts	of fellows makes good front j	but to ®rcatly Preserve it.	son apparent why they should differ, if ever he gels out of t km. celle m#
to the	British Museum	in the guard- without much backing.	‘	The unsightly appearance	of smoke-	!f there Is anything In our boasted | at my expense.
Lng twelve tons, and binside thut i* a leaden casket ‘ermetically sea ed


une.
where it remained until 1793, when it
«

i
?
1





S .
###PAGE###3###
I
s
v
Policies Hey Chengs, Oplnlens Msy Chenfe, hat one thing that never obewess, tfeâè
1* the quellty of
The duckling» are marketed
enough/ to cover all the operations of war, no malt'-r what their scope.
During th*> first part of the war in South! Africa, (ha foreign press, in its o«wnf kindly and friendly wuy, flouted and snared at our generals. They even wont so far as to say that President Kruger had issued orders to the effect that hin soldiers were on none* count to shoot at our generals—because* they were of "more use to him living than dead/1 Hut when our reserve of generals was drawn u|>on,and Lord Roberts and Lord Kitchener appeared upon the scene of action, with what results is now known to all the earth, these flouts ami sneers were replaced by the grudging acknowledgment of the fact that, indisputably, we
had generals who were generals in-Led.
(Wit
wheat ub<mI nine weeks old, when they do and should drees from 8 to 10 pounds per pair.
All Japan teas are colored
#
0
t Oh the Farm.
1.>J
LUD ELLA
SAL
>
i
b
DIVERSIFIED PRODUCTS.
Tho farmer should diversify the products of his farm. Tho dairy farmer, whose land runs from 50 to J50 acres, will surely have some acres that will grow more of some other crops than it will yield of hay or other fodder. Suppose such a farmer has five acres of black dirt, that
will grow only poor and thin hay. From those acres he may harvest bus bids of onions, or large yields of potatoes, or carloads of cabbage or cauliflower or celery.

PllOGmii'fcSrVIfi FARMING

Progressive farming does not necee-rily imply I he trying oft every new
OH3YL.OJST T S3 A., Ifcalway# remain* th» bout
In Lead PâoUete 25, 30, 40, M end flOo
CEYLON GREEN TEA
is pure and uncolored
machine, the testing of every theory, or miking m tny amt radical changea In lh method of tarrying on the farm work

Ml 3E» 3E» X. 3E3 JS
s
Radical changes are revolu-tloma, and it is bub seldom t hit a re-
Kvolution and
Poultry, Butter, Eggs and other Produce,
We wan 100 CARLOADS

Ml Oil WHOM WE RELY
If you have any correspond with
supply our tr ad
i
volution works good development is the successful man's
\
The Dawson Commission Co , Limited, Toronto.
OUR GENERALS ARE NOT MERELY SPURS AND GOLD LACE.
method <>f Introducing new things
Th," first season
of crop with which • farmer is not familiar should be considered an exporiment that is not thoroughly understood should not b\ raised extensively until It is un dors < xxl should not bw taken up until thoroughly tested oui the farm and soil of tho neighborhood, and not until use has shown th" manufacturers the little changes that are always found ftdVUltageoun to make t<> perfect t lie machine.
not the best, and it Is always hardi to get repairs on them, because of the Chang** of patterns.
Th» progressive fanner must be a deep student of agriculture and kindred topics will find works of th* best author!-
A woman may have a poor memory but she never forgets a compliment.
A fellow may rush out hurriedly bail the acta to see a man, but he never comes back out of brealh
Ha cannot do such work ex-
A muni might be a
men t fl
Tliey Are Srn%oitrd Iplrnim Willi Hrliiml-I Mg lu I ml In mil i;iy|>S-#yeip«Hiy Wiih I lii Ir f'ouiniMHih.
!
<*1 ,t with these
li vo and toil on grain and veget ables, or cnn b** a b *ast of bunion and live on much if ho b is th« right kind ot
but be cannot do fierce,
Sit ocik
BLOOD POISONING
tw

The British army lias a larger proportion of generals who have seen active service in the field, than can bo found' in that of any other country. Nearly forty generals of various grades have taken part in the war in South Africa ; but in what 1 have ventured to call our "reserve' of generals, office rti who have not been in the
X new machine
MEAT EATER AND VEGETARIAN
viACft«ra u;
tier ve
TO (IRK A <01,0 IV OMR DAW
r»ke Ulatire Bromo Quiniee TsbleU. AlMruffU» rp/usd the inrm-i* If it f*i • '0 our*. B w, Ore signature is on eachbux. l,o
FOLLOWS A WOUND IN THE KNEF CAUSED BY A PITCHFORK.
smashing, competitive work or be u good .soldier without meat, and
pltfity of it.
•'One needs a certain racial, gen-
»here Nfrfnii liirrgy It Vrcennarj lleni
I* htpiillnl.
/
Vegetarianism is n growing fad. Hv*sn in the small towns the intellec-
tive Dueler* In < on«dUill»ii <«*vr Mie Su ferer bnl IIHIr II |»r of Itfeovery—Mow Ills life Was stt'ftl.
The i/ostman miy not be literary, rtheless he is an important
graphical and anatomical disposition to b-t n good vegetarian. Of all i*»o- man of letters
the least so qualified, j
't
tuil and epi i it cud le hive their tea and waftrt* clubs, where the barbarisms of meat eaters are
nev

The first machines are
Broekville Recorder.
Among the old families in the township of Augusta, in the ncigh-Ixiring* county of Grenville, there is none better known or more influhn-tial, than those that hear the name of Bissell. The Bisavlls were among the earliest settlers in the township arid have ever since taken an active

pl«ts we are
denounced and
present war, and who number considerably more than a hundred, there are very few whoso records do not include two or three campaigns.
There are constantly upwards of
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
MKH WINSLOW 8 SOOTHING BYIlUP
Uifrs fur their < h l-lreu teething- II w# he
«'-'tines than meat eaters, and so can l,v« and tol on grain: ,nd vegetables. but thvy cannot build war «hips, bridg<«, tyi*‘set ting machines, »ky-hCt appors, htcomol ives, etc.
"ft in sato to say that this omi-tujry’s unprecedented use of me t has held n<*arly as much to do with spading ami progressing civilization as
either coal or iron cannot do the skilled and speedy work required of him and meet the world’s oom.jxil.it ion, as h* now does, unless tie has an abundance of meat.
"The Teccnt experiments of living on a few cents a day are most unfortunate and misleading, for some of our people may be tempted to economize in this dangerous way workingman of this country is so cons true ted that he cannot do this safely, and it U foolish and hazardous for
races have on an five to ten feet more of in-
i hr* vegetarian
mlalightening of animais for food is votod brutal
average
•Md >1 in
The rapid Increase of v#*gctariajis his led to investigation of thiir claims by medical scientists.
In his library you
fifty of our generals in India, and as If tht* views of Dr. Norburne H. Jenk-any army man will tell you, "Indian ins are correct, vegetarians and their men are always good men," meaning doctrine» will hereafter bo amusing thereby that they are experienced and rather than taJwvn seriously, proficient commanders, it follows that "it can Cot b* denied," mild Dr. Jenin them we have a large and reliable kins, "(hat many persons and races reserve of generals. During the last ; nf I>yyp|H oin |iVti| thrive and grow twenty years there have been several fat without animal food campaigns in Egypt and the Soudan
A mui who givu* his children habits of industry piovil^s for th<m better than by giving (hum a fortune,—
Whitely.
tie» an farming, gardening, horticul-
tnro, stook rnUlng, otn. He will keep : porl jn a„ mt>veH to promote it. himnelf and family in touch) with the W(,lfflr(> T)ie subject of their narra-agrlrultural worM, by taking a nuirv	Mr- silas Biwell, is one of the
bin- of thn best farm iwriodlrnl». His younger m< mlierg of the family, who farm and stock will .show the» grasp



unrrniAL hotel dirirtort,
Am. PI»B $1.60S up
.Mofiill - OeUege Aweout Ptuiily Hot# rslee $1 %
Tba “ Balmoral,” Frets Bus AVENUE HOUSE
The Canadian
There are
8onr«d years ago left Canada to make
e staid of Nebraska, .Xml he will not( gg^ j,as passed through an experience be slow to give wh it lie leirns from a|ra,M,
b" ha» of the subject of getting the bjfl b(nne in lb bcrtt out of them
An deans who mt n-i-iiing but banan-each of which has helped to transform a*. and are able to make themselves men who otherwise must have been
incomparable, blasts of burden. The
__. unique, and considers
«aperlence and study to othors that b„ |8 fortunate in being alive to tell ! ,n<‘,e cloaet»tudents of warfare, into p,Krfor „f Smyrna is a veritable; cart, !
trained and tried leaders of armies In car rise a heavy burdss 'll day and the field
who commits in jus t let is ever w re'died than he who Plato.
I
m iUn m >n .suffi '» it.-
they too may bo benefited. Progressive farming is the only
the talc
<*it* nothing but dates and rice. Everybody knows tint the Chinese live
The story as told in Mr. Bissell’a farming of the future that will piy. mv n words, is as follows :-"In the
Times are miking lightning changes, autumn of 1898 I sustained a serious While it is no doubt the case that | largely on grain and vegetable food, j 1h" methods and michinos of 10years injury through having the tines of a th»1 great soldier, like the groat poet ni/my if th -m never t.«sting meat, ago will not atvrve to-day
and the stock of JO years ago have wound apparently healed, but I did uut made, still it cannot lie disputed bmithicst and strongest of people.
Such facts as thw* are conclusive
To bs proud of learning Is the giestent ignorance.—Jeremy Ta y Hr.
N LSCITLîit, NON FIT
l'he
W. I». c. COSO.
I he crops pitchfork penetrate my left knee. The or the.great anybody else, is born and Many of t h*ae veget i rians are the
CALVERT’S
changed
not enjoy the same health I had pre- that knowhvlge derived from personal vious to the accident, and it was but observation of actual warfare must be j evidence to many, they consequently a short time before I was compelled of enormous service ; and in this very shun animal food and hop* to be
him to attempt such a thing
pe, Olnt
Carbolic Dislntoctante mont, Tooth Powders, etc., have been
Hwardod 100 medals aud diplomas f«r tu peri or exosilsnoo. Their regular use prevent iidvu’ti-0U4 diwia*ee. Ank your dealer to obtain a supply. List* mailed tree on application.
"Evetry nun who works should eat
at least one pound of fresh, rare beef Th* man who eats meat and
GARDEN NOTES

strong and healthy without meat
Onions may bo kept in the cellar or to 4ate to my bed on account of by freezing
whore you can keep the temperature stiffness in my Joints. A doctor was arc they any insignificant body. There ard.t must hivo the freshest of animal bolo% 40 degrees, put onions on slat- OS 11 id in, ami he ISDOOd the
made platforms, open work to admit three times, and then told me the dred ami .sixty generals, of whom th» air. and do not have them over . trouble was blood poisoning
ex- valuable knowledge our generals are Select a dry cellar eructating pains in my limbs and rich. Nor, numerically considered,
'Animals like lions, tigers and taop- works to earn it too makes the best
citizen and work nun and the bra v-eftt soldier."
F. U. CALVERT A C0„
ENGLAND
MANCHESTER
knee are on the active list nearly one hun-
Te «end for eue Complfcte Data# le rue of Sheef k u ilo ai if Reeks with Spec al rates ef disoeur.
Music Teachers Wanted
METAL HOüFEüS
X MUSICAL TOWN
Ile fifteen are of the full rank, thirty or
1
The most melodious to/wn in the wiorhi is Andreas berg, «in the Hartz ¦ # | Mountains in German y, where every
are reared no less than four fifths come to America. Of the re-
50,000 England gets 27,000,
!>!
but I more are lieutenant-generals, and a
eight or ten inches in depth, begin- treated mo for some time
bottom of cellar and hav- steadily grew worse, and finally five hundred and ten are major-generals
ning near
Lng platform above platform, which physicians were called in for consul- Brigadier-generals are not usually in-
be of loose boards, with three tation. My entire system seemed to clu<le(* iu 1 aht ()f generals.1*
.va, vnen our army has
wo hundred generals.

WHALEY, B1YCE 4 ùe
Of
Vuu*. ' A.
year 250.000 canaries
may
inch'» between each. Keep the cel- be affected, and the doctors said the
-(
Is Uric Acid in -l.e blood. Unhealthy kidney, are tb* cause of the acid being there. If the kidney* acted a* they should they would •train the Uric Acid out of the system and rheumatism wouldn't occur. Rheumatism is a Kidney Dis-¦Hi Dodd's Kidney Pills have m/de a great part of their reputation curing Rheumatism. So get at the emutt of those fearful shooting pains and stiff, aching joints. There is but eue sure way—
they are a<

tki* «jnviF tzif-n'u'L
close upon
MUST WORK THEIR WAY
15# Vangs St. Toronte, Ont,
1er dark to provent sprouting. Keeep trouble had reached one of my lungs
miming
Russia 10.000 and other European, countries outside Germany 3,000. Hut the flower of the flock, numbering 10,000, are kept at home to gladden the home» of the Fatherland, for the German is even fonder of a singing
I
a their monied or and kero»ene stove in and that t hey could hold out but lit-the cooleat spot P4| 1 ^°en teati- era- +1* ^hope of
aSflr~.ru'..	1,4 **m» light It melungl
wiiù lûe warmer we.ither of spring decided
/
:
Amor
larg ; a number of generals ly be maid without offence would return to my that all have not the same ability or
« Dtiugis* Bro»., I \'A Adtlftide HI ,
luMOMO, OUT,

in bed for eleven weeks I	it m?
air by night and close by day.	If cel-	j	old hume in Canada. I was so muoh	the same particular gifts, but there
kr feels at all damp, open	a ca.sk	.	run down, and so weak that it was	can be no question that most of them
or two of stone lime to air-slack. If	a question whether I would live to	are capital soldiers ; some of them, in-
oniona are not wanted until	spring	reach there, but I was nevertheless	deed, have proved themselves remark-
i» advanced spread 18 inches deep in determined to make an effort to do ably able and brilliant men. Except
in altogether unusual circumstances, a general can hardly be a young man; and while some of our generals have reached their rank earlier than others
San sa go Casfngi-New importâtes» finest RnfMafc
n Ho* C iinir- reliable gvo-ii si M~ k W El.I. à CO . Toronto.
Hh-ep and Am r : ht price* PARK. Rf.A
1
MILLS, MILLS * HALES,
Rsrrl*t*rr, etc. d to Wesley Building*,
LAW
cunary than'he 1» of a china dog.
The canary industry and its secrets hove been handed down from father to son in Andreasberg.
Remo?* ¦	¦
Kichmo dHt. W., Ton .«to.
1
t
any convenient loft and when hard ; so. After a long journey under these freezing weather comes cover with most trying circumstances, I reached two feet of waste hay on top, and be- my old home. I was so used up, and t ween aides of heap and side# of build- . presented such an emaciated appearance that my friends had no thought In keeping «quashes don’t leave that I would recover. I continued to them out-doors after gathering, ex- drag along in this condition for sev-po«#d to cold rains, as they will be apt eral months, when one day a cousin to spot and rot after storing. Squash- asked me why I did not try Dr. am will keep their natural color bet- Williams' Fink Pills. I was willing
look*, Misâmes, Crucifix
Catholic Prayer
6», StapuHrS,
R«-| 4iou» Picture#, 8t*lu try, au i Church Orostaeoie-K-'uc*uuo»l Wo k#. 3I#il urdt-ri melve prompt at:en,
D. & J. SaDLIEH A CO., Montreal.
A RARE CHANCE
To cultivate a calm, hopeful spirit lies in) the use of Putnam's Painless Corn Extractor. It never fails. It makes no sure spots on the flesh and is therefore pa nbss It relieved promptly.
Dcdd’e
Kidney
Pills
in the service, their average age is rather above than under fifty them have had to "work their way up" —a process which has taken them from thirty to forty years.
Some of them, perhaps, are physically not quite so "fit" as wheu they were younger; but the conditions which surround an officer’s life are such as to make him as good a man practically at fifty, or even sixty, as, a
ing.
M

\
VII of
#

r



A ship having two owners must Iw a partnership.
Cents’ Suits Cleaned
tea- In dry cellars than In houses built to try any medicine that was likely purpofWy for preserving them, but to cure Ine, and I sent for a supply when brought out of much cellars, to of the pills. After I had been using the chagrin of the market man, they the pills for about three weeks I felt »o<mi rot
or l))ed ; aiftn Lit-1
and Houne tiiuigingn of every description.
GOLD MEDALIST DYl RS.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO'Y,
Moumsl, Toronto, Ottawa k (junfceo.
W<-ar of all kinds
ou: COOlk I |!\ M>l KM> tWHIKK
Lillies of Canada—Sisters
Great Britain takes nearly all the exported produce of Canola. English, hours; Indeed, live rabbits, Scotch and Iri h boys produce rh**
food, meat that has been killed but civilian who is many years his junior, a few
A general must be able to be in the goats and sheep are sometimes fed to , of Ceylon and India;
Canada consumes 11,000,000 pounds of colored and doctored Japan Green teas. Green tea of pure natural "Ihe races of men and animals dif- green leaf, are being introduced from
fer more in their internal construe- Ceylon and India
in outward appearance. **ale with all live grocei s.
,	.	,	_ _	, Statesmen see obstacles to prefer-
1 ha visceral anatomy of some a	• e-ntial trade within the empire. You
of p op le is somewhat like the go it, ladies can sweep aside all obstructive rabbit and the hog, while in others it is more like that of the dog
They are best handled on an improvement in my condition. From
ROOFING SMBttBt
8LATK MUCKBOAMhe |W*
e.: »
a large scale by keeping in specially that time I gradually grew better, effected buildings, having platforms, new blood seemed coursing through wheat* they are to be piled two or my veins, the stiffness in my joints three deep. Such houses should have disappeared, and the agonizing pains the doors and windows open for the which had so long tortured me vani-air as late in the season as possible, shed. I took in all ten or twelve and whon closed have the tempera- I boxes of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills, and
hesitation in saying that
Re 1 or Grot n
I'ub'.ie *n<l High SchooleLToroMt*i)
’•»*i Tar, etc. KOoflNO TILS (B
Tor nto, do»« br our firm) Met# CoTlegs, 0 aioea.eui. K.ttiih ^••fumOhoU (or work e vnalM et tuaswrulnh ppe l to »yy part of theewetry. rbeee k 0. OUTHIE& iüN3, Adelaide* WldmarSla.,Terse
#t
saddle# for many hours at a time if delicate and sickly animals in zoos necessary, and the "mobility" of our with the most beneficial results, generals in South Africa shows how well they can stand this lest.

They are now on
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
tion than
GENERALS AND MEN.
The relation between generals and their commands have a.tered very much -for the better in the army during the last twenty or thirty years. Formerly a general had very little connection with, or influence upon, his troops, and took but a comparatively insignificant part iu their instruction. Ue used to be dreaded as a great magnate whose principal function was the carrying out of the annual inspection, and of course lie was a familiar feature of a field day ; but the man himself was an unknown quantity.
It is quite otherwise to-day genera! now knows his officers and men, and they know their general.
In! no other army is there so much sympathy between commander and command as there is in ours, and this applies to the whole body of our generals.
/
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL COMFORTING.
COCOA
The poorest 1 have
l b dieve they saved my life, for when I returned to Canada, 1 had no hope
lure about 45 degrees ripened ones should be placed in the warmest part of the house. Squashes that have spotted may be kept awhile by putting a little uir-slactked lime into the hole from which the rot has
iw
Lon
i
Jr
bring patriotic sentiment on your breakfast table. Your grocer will | get these pure teas if you only insist. The Sali da Tea Company hate placed them in hundreds of stores.
Many other leading firms have shipments coming. Only laggards await the jumping of the cat.
of recovery.
Mr. Bissell has since returned to his old home at Lincoln, Neb., but the statements made above can be vouched for by am y of his friends in this section, and by all of the neighbors in the vicinity of his old home.
Dr. Williams* Pink Pills cure such apparently hopeless cases as Mr. Bis sell’s because they make new, rich, red blood, and thus reach the root of the trouble. These pills are the only medicine offered the public that cam show a record of such marvellous cures after doctors had failed. If you are at all unwell, this medicine will restore you to health, but
be sure you get the genuine with the full name "Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People," on the wrapper around each box.
The
the oat and animals of prey small, the digestive intenstine, is many f*y*t longer and of much larger surface and capacity in vegetable
been cut
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
eating nations than in meat caters, and it hit ludicrous and invidious fact
While our people
MAKING DUCKS GROW
The Canada Permanent and Western Canada
Mortgage Corporation.
Colonist
Dunks require a week longer to incubate than do hens, and the young ducâüs will break thw shell 39 to 48 hours Wore they get ready to come Nevei try to help one out until you are» sure he cannot get out himself.
speaks volumes have only from fifteen to nineteen feet of small Intestine, the vegeta-
Many a man stumbles over I mag inary things in his path.
nations have from twenty to
some indi-
na ’i
tw<jay-seven feet, and vidua Is of th>m have been found to
Baware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury.
&m mercury will » uruly de troy the * n*e of Fmell i.nd ••omp etely d*r*mre ».ho wholeay-t* m w!*en ei.t*ring it through the mv:< ou# Mirfacc Su-di article* Fheuld n-'ver be timed except in pteti rip ions from reputablet hywlcian». *4 the d« eiage I, at y will do imie% f Id to th- good > u vMi pmutibly derivf* from rhem. Ha T- Catarrh Cu e. manufactured hy F.J. Cheney Sc < o led*, <)., contains no meroivy, and In taken ii tenally, acting directly upon the blond and mucom surfaces of the ryntem. In buyir g Hail'» Catarrh ('tire h# mire you get the gem, Ine. 1 Is taken Internal.yarn! made in loie.r!n, Ohio, by F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.
Feld by Driiggiste, price 75c per bottle.
Hali> Family Mils are She beat.
out
The
have an enormous length, even as much os 50 or 55 feet testified to by Konig, Gruber and
Canada Permanent Building,
Toronto 51., TORON 10.
Head
Okfici—
Th> food should be about the same as for chickens, except more bulky, such as potato*» and cut clover. As they get older feed out green corn at noon
them from four to five times a day. of wnt«r is not handy they will choke. They seem to get their food down by giving a number of spasmodic jerks.
A good drinking fountain for young ducks is made by taking a gallon paint can, well cleaned out, and punching a few half an inch up from the top or open Fill it with water and place the opening an earthen flower add quickly invert should be about an inch larger
This fact is
Branch Offices-
Winnipeg. Man., Vancouver, B. 0., St. John, N B.
other great medical authorities.
"Of all the world the workingman of thii country has to think as he
He is in no sense a beist of
<
i
The first three days feed
worries
bunion; he cannot live on gi in One-third of the blood in his entire body m «needed to keep his brain active. His labor is fiercely fast and com-
Airthis and more is in his

ARE NOT ORNAMENTAL.
It is unquestionably an excellent feature in our Army that our generals are none of them ‘'ornamental" soldiers, holding themselves apart in a sort of splendid isolation, as it were, from their men. On the contrary, knowing what their men can do, they are not likely to be either hurried or flurried.
The personal element has always entered very largely into warfare ; so much eo, in fact, that nearly all campaigns are identified with the names of individual general». In our reserve of general» there must need» be many difference» of disposition, of temperament, and of character in the men who are comprised within it, and it is well that it should be mo. The point to iiotioe Is that the field of choice is wide
Deposits Debentures
31

2
!
*
THE ENGLISH HELLO!
indued for one. two. three, four or five years at
4
per
During the year 1899 the National Telephone Company, of England, tahLiahed no less than 615,000
connections amongst its subscribers, or about 2,000,090 per working day. It 1» remarkable that this figure exceeds that of the telegrams received and despatched by the General Post Office during the same year
cent
pet Rive
wotnk that is not in others. He needs rapid nerve repairing food, strong red
Mutability of temper and inconsi» tency with ourselves is the greatest 1 CUrn‘;iag ASSBÎS weakness of human nature.—Addison. | w r
$8,000,000.
POUN
jmm
ever Liabilities to lhe public
talk-
mu
holes with a nail
mg
!
//
/
I> CAKES"
ONE
"Jkt Ce-mji &~rft Æ?
4 <U «W nr™, j 1AI A
end.
over
USB
FOR
Laundry, Washing Clothrs, Voûing, Se» tag Preserves.
PARAFFINE

The

saucer

by nine times.
saucer
In dfomoter than the can, thus the ducks will have half an inch of wain, and you will find

“ A Thing of Be-iuty le a Joy."
Nervlline is s toy al»o. No remedy in the world equals it rheumatism are relieved almoet instantly and minor ache» and pains are cured by a single application, Nervi-line to sure to cure-
ter to this quiie enough.
Dut-klings are much easier raised than chickens, and the eggs are more fertile, thm Latching • large per
Neuralgia and
THE QUEEN OITV OIL CO, Limited.
to


V:/

]






L mÈ*à4


###PAGE###4###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)

r7
' F
X
\
?
>

IMPORTANT
not occupy the prominent place in the af feet ion a of the Liberal party he did some
There mutt be a reason, of
EQUITY.
TH

sa
V
?
H
i

years ago course

but just what it is wo are not in — j a position to say. That ho is an outsider, j and that people have come to realize that i wo have amongst us men of sufficient brains and Intelligence to look after
The defence of that dirty bit of Grit interests, is certainly a consideration that I Improved Cheater White Hog. Took
trickery, played exclusively for the pur- is weighing against him ; but, as some ai jfoidiMUMW Mig year. Fee, $1.00. pose of taking an undue advantage of Mr. j lege, if the main cause of his waning pop-	App|y to ^ .j)\\'p| ;
Klock, allows that the old lady of the ularity is due to the fact that he has re-1	'	Clarendon.
Pembroke Observer is prepared to con- ; fused hitherto to bo a party to the dismis done any crime committed in the cause of j sal of Conservative officials, merely for ** new Liberalism
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . .
SHAWVILLE, Nov. 29, 1900.
HOC RAISERS.
A*

EDITORIAL NOTES.
>
FOR SERVICE.
-VV
our
The Season for
i
HEAD-QUARTERS FOR
STOVES
FOR SERIVIE.
the reason that they are Conservatives, then we say in all candour, that Mr.
A local Liberal reported on Saturday | Gillies can well afford to eschew political j petit
night that Dr. Gaboury—who on conven- friendships which command so debasing
tion day stated ho was going to be in the a price. During the past three years he
field against Gillies, if no one else oppos- has pretty fairly withstood the pressure
ed him—returned from Ottawa on Satur that was brought to bear upon
day night as a Gillies supporter. Is there this regard, and we commend him for his
some little stroke of business is business j firmness ; but ho could not have done
behind this change of front, or was the otherwise without violating a pledge to a
Dr. simply putting up one of his old bluff largo section of the electorate who ngrvvd
which
Harness,
Collars,
Bells,
Whips,
Robes,
Coats,
Rugs,
Blankets,
rhoroughhred Berkshire Hog
(Registered.) Fees reasonable Apply to
Salt
Is now In !
H. G. YOVNl
Bristol
Cutters,
Sleighs,
Sloops,
FOR SERVICE.
him m
DALE BROS.
; ,
A Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog, bred by A. W. Boss, of Douglas. Fee, $1.00. Apply to -
JAMES ARMSTRONG.
Green Lake.
\
SHAWVILLE,
Are prepared to supply the public with Stoves of all kinds at lowest possible prices.
to hie return by acclamation, on occasion, we may remind our readers, he 'We have it on pretty good authority I not only refused to be nominated as a
that Mr. Gillies intended running thisJ straight Liberal, but agreed to give the. (^^Thoroughbred Chester White and
Flynn Administration, if returned, an in Berkshire hog for service. Fine, lengthy
'animal. Fee.fifty cents.
Apply to -
GEORGE CATER.
Shuwvillc
games 1
Washers, Wringers, Churns,
Sewing Machines,
FOR SERVICE.
time in any case —convention or no con
vention. This shows that he is keenly | dependent support on all good measures.
We find, now, however, that Mr. Gillies
Axes, &c.
Shovels,

PONTIAC
anxious for the position. Now does any one suppose for a moment that it is Mr. | does not occupy the same platform that
He not only comes be-
Gillies’ love of politics, or his desire to he did in 1897
serve the people of Pontiac in that parti-i fore the people as a straight Liberal, but
cular capacity which prompU him to seek, h», even condeacendcd to be governed bv	^.hlre	Took ,st
the honor of being our local member ? an advisory committee, lins, wmu v i prize at Shaw ville Exhibition this year Depend upon it, the small remuneration , ing evidence that he has weakened, also |	Appl> to
attached to that position is not sufficient- j shows that he must have been particularly captivating to induce Mr. Gillies to ly anxious to procure the nomination ; it neglect hie large business interests, if the , also shows that he is prepared to be ^uul-position itself did not afford indirect ad- ed by influences which may not always vantages worth many times as much as have the purest motives in view. _ the statu ory allowance. Mr. G. has a position is a humiliating one, directly op-
very large-sized lumberman’s axe to posed to that right of independence which
^rind.	| a representative man should enjoy. It
shackles his judgment and is an embargo If there is anything in the report that Up0n bis intelligence. Might just as well a rich lumberman has declared he will I dispense with a representative off-hand, spend $10,000 to elect Mr. Gillies, it and send the advisory board to Quebec shows that the lumber interests are deter-1 instead.
mined to be well represented at Quebec, We are surprised that a man of Mr. no matter how the interests of the mass (Allies intelligence shvuld consent to accept such a position
so furnishes us with one reason, at least, j
WOOLLEN
FOB SERVICE.
SMART & SMITH.
A LEX. BEAN.
Portage Road
MILLS.
o
STRAY HEIFER.
This well-known and reliable establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
The
Strayed on to my premises about the middle of September, a spotted heifer. Owner may have same by paying for this advertisement
MARTIN BE ATT.
Bristol Ridge
Winter
Evening1
Games !
HEIFER ASTRAY.
Our stock of Cloth
Including nil the finest makes in
Strayed on to my premises about 1st of October, i heifers. The owner is requested to come and pay cost » incurred and remove the animals at once.
DAVID CLARKE.
Morehead.
I
SERGES, TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, &c. &c.,
of the electors may fare. No man la likely to make such a profligate expenditure of his means without the hope of reaping benefits to come. Pontiac furnishes the Government with its most 90jf a 8trajght Liberal, he must necessar fruitful source revenue through the share the responsibility for his lead Lumber uiustry, and W&e WKasCy been but ill recompensed for the millions that have been taken out of it in this
That he has done

An
for opposing his election this time other reason la that having declared him
WOOD WAITED.

We have just received a large assortment of games suitable for both young and old.
PAICHUSI,
AUTHORS,
NATIONS,
CROKINOLE,
KNEW CENTURY GAME, ‘ GAME OF PRETORIA. Ac.
I
The undersigned U prepared to receive tender# for 100 cords uf stove wood (soft ami hard.) A1 >o 25 cords of cord wood. Wood to he delivered any time during the winter
will he found choice and complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
l*e
eiV^^Mconatitutional and inopportune dissolution «of the Legislature at this early stage of its existence. No valid excuse be advancedj to show why this high-handi <1 proceeding has been taken. The late Legislative Asav.wblv w »s elected in 1897, and it should run Hi usual const! sntumal course of five years, unless the
Government had in view (ha i Production
which it
GEORGE CATER. P. S.-For Sale, Cheap, 4U0 lb. hog jind 2 second-hind single sleighs.

The lumbermen have always made »int to have their own particular
way
it a
int-rvets very carefully looked after in the province, and it is also a fact that those interests have not been identical with the advancement of colonization or for the betterment of the condition of the settler. In the present contest, this is a point for the consideration of the electors. Are they prepared to support a man whose primary object in seeking election is to look after the affairs of the wealthy class of which he is himself a member; or are
can
A. HODCINS.
PROROPRIETOR
CEO. HYNES,
FAL
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - . QUE.
some extraordinary measure on would be expedient to consult the of the electorate. None such hrs been
voice
f
GOODS I
hinted at, and in fact no explanation
even
whatever, lus been given by the Premier in defense of his action. The only plausible reason we can assume is that Mr. Parent desired to use to the best advantage, the effect of the triumphal Laurier which recently swept the province, in hopes thereby of snatching a verdict from the people and securing an extended lease of power for his Government experiment will cost the people of the province a good round sum, and it is extremely doubtful if it will count to their
Mr. Parent’s government,
I
You can shorten the long winter evenings by securing some of the popular games at

V large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
SHAWVILLE.
THE DRUG STORE
they prepared to rally to the standard of the man, whose sole object will be to advocate and further their especial claims, and see that no undue privileges are nted at their expense ? Considered common-sense grounds the answer to ..u problem should not bo difficult. If the people want to be properly and fairly I represented they should delegate from ; among themselves one who understands ' their needs, and who can be relied on to stand up on the floor of the Legislature and demand justice from any government. Mr. Brabazon, from his long as sociation with municipal affairs, is admirably filled for the task, and if the electors will only resolve to take a stand for principle, and stoutly resist the undue and dishonest pressure that no doubt will be brought to bear upon them, we have no doubt he will lead them to victory on December 7th.
Our customers will find us well stocked up with a good
. . line of . .
wave
IN UNDERTAKING
I also kmp a complete stock of Mineral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
We are Agents for
The Winchester
The
SEASONABLE GOODS
of all kinds for
#>
Rifle
Fall & Winter Trade
Steer Astray.
advantage
- which is merely a reconstruction of the late M irehand ministry—have not succeeded in carrying out the promises they made to the people. An account of their stewardship for the past year has not been placed before the public, and their present hurried appeal to the electors looks suspiciously as if they were afraid a rigid scrutiny of their record would not strengthen the confidence that was reposed in them three years ago. If their rule has been the excellent one which Mr. Duffy astutely argues it is, why not allow it to continue the constitutionally allotted time, and then invite the people to pronounce judgment 1 That this has not been done is pretty conclusive evidence that a nigger is secreted in the woodpile somewhere, and it seems to us the people will do the right thing now if they delegate Mr. Flynn and his followers to bring that dusky individual to the surface.

Information wanted of a steer one year and a half old, and dark colored (nearly black) with horns, lias been astray for nearly two months.
1. II. BROWNLEE,
Shaw ville
and a comparison of prices will show that we are in it with the best of them for good values and satisfactory dealing.
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and 10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at $1.50 per hundred.
N|cDOUCALL and CUZNER’S Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
Strayed.
Strayed on to my premises about two weeks ago. a white horse, with a big leg. Owner may have the same by paying costs.	JOHN DAGO,
Charteris.
SIL^S YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
NOTICE
TO WHOM IT HAT CONCERN :
A CLOSE SHAVE
Agents, Why Don’t Yon Send for a Free Prospectus
The convention held in this village on Wednesday last by the Liberals of Pontiac, to select a candidate for the Legislature brought two rather interesting facts prominently before public attention. On a is that many of the Liberals of this county are of one mind with the Conservatives on the question of having a home man to represent them in preference to a non-resident is that a positively ominous dissatisfaction has developed as the result of the in which the convention was
FRESH and CURED
I hereby notify those who may have any claim against George Crawford, Sr., that I will settle all lawful claims and debts by applying to me at Thorn by P. O., Que., as they fall due.
m MRS. GEORGE CRAWFORD
MEATS
of Canada’s Sons on Kopje and Veldt ? It is the latest book out. An agent just reports 51 sales in 8 days, another 26 in 4 days. Big Book, sumptuously illus trated, and is so cheap it sells on sight.
Send for a FREE PROSPECTUS before you sleep, and make money easy and quick. 1
Thornby, Nov. 22,19
i,
of all kinds at
Desirable Property
for Sale.
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. O. McGUIRE,
The other fact
From a Sheen correspondent, whose communication we reserve for next issue, we learn that the moat unscrupulous and corrupt 'eitics were used to capture the vote for Mr. Murray in that locality. Money was one of the most potent factors used to secure this end—in many cases in a most bare faced manner. The story is the same from all parts of the county, so that Mr. Brabozons friends have abundant material at hand to upset the election, and they are seriously thinking of taking steps to do so. In the present election it is certain the same dishonor able means will be used without restraint. It will therefore be the duty of Mr. Bra-bazon’s friends to keep a diligent eye on individuals who are going about the county with dice loaded to entrap the indifferent and unwary voter. Fair play and
an unbiassed, unfairly influenced verdict
is all Mr. Brabszon's friends
and if they don't get it, investigation will |
I
The undersigned offers for sale his farm property, desirably situated in the Front of Clarendon Township, being Lot No. 3, on the 3rd range thereof, and containing one hundred acres (more or less) of good land, all tillable, with al»out 70 ac res clear ed of stumps and stones, and well fenced. The soil consists of sandy loam with some clay and clay loam, and the «remises excellently watered. On the farm erected a good log house, suitable size and well finished inside ; log stable and pig gory : new frame barn with cow stalls un demeath ; old log barn and sheds suitable storage of hay or grain.
This farm which is well stock purposes, is situated 4 Shawville and 3$ from Bristol Ferry is convenient to church and school, property will be sold reasonable for cash, or half cash down, with balance In yearly payments at 0 per cent interest. For further particulars apply to the owner.
.IAS. T. CALDWELL.
£_______________________ Massey, Ont.,
Shawville,

manner
manipulated to place Mr. Gillies on top. When the ballots were counted the vote

The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
BRANTFORD, ONT.
atood :—
Gillies . Ilodgins
22
Proprietor.
are
21
are
.303 Calibre.
Majority for Gillies This, it must bo admitted was a dangerously close shave for the late member, and it is openly asserted had two Clar endon delegates, who were in town, and for some mysterious cause did not attend the convention, been present to vote, the majority would have been in favor of our townsman, Mr. Fred Hodgins. The situation shows that something is wrong somewhere—that clearly Mr. Gillies does
1

adapted for miles from
Savage Magazine Rifle.
and
The
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Oily Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.
k for
One rifle takes six different cartridges. Point Blank Range for Hunting.
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Writs for complete 1WW Catalogue.
or C. CÀLD
OO.v t’TICA, N. T., U. 8. AMERICA.
u
:

A____Nl
/

1
. 1

à


###PAGE###5###
*

I
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No 216.
I.O.F
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
A weekly Journal devoted to Loot! Interests
une it a y
m
Keep on the Move I
Meete the 4th Wednee day of every month.
Court dues muet be paid promptly every month.
Vieltln* brethren cordially Invited.
H. H. Bar.xktt, F.lt
jyjrtBUe*
Af SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A UAB !h! AÛVANCE.

County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
LHC
No paper stopped until all arrearage*
r paid, unless by spoolaJ arrangement with
ubIUher.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
J. A. Cowan, n R
J. w. Eadih, C. R
:o:
Progress is movement in the right direction. The secret of being successful is to keep continually moving toward the desired object.
ADVKRTiamO RATES :
Legal advertising, eight cents per Hue for tret Insertion end four cents per line for
toll subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inerted at* 00 per year.
Local announce men te Inserted at the rate >fflve cents per line for first Insertion and hreeeeuU for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer period* Inserted at low rate* which will be glveu on appMeaUon
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inwerled in forbidden aad charged for accordingly,
v Birth, marriage and death notice* pub-1 lehed free ofcharge. Obituary poetry three
eente per line
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
84 Nepean 9t., Ottawa, Ont,,
»
FOR
Lumber of All Kinds Bought and Soli
•. • OUR OBJECT IS THE HEIGHT OF
^ PERFECTION
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty.
SLEIGHS,
CUTTERS,
ROBES,
BLANKETS,
HARNESS,
WHIPS, BELLS, &c:,
uo
always aiming to buy in the best markets and sell at the lowest possible margins.
Rkeerkni ta by Permission :
Deule Murphy, Bres. Ottvwa Tran«i*>rtfttlon Co K. W- Avery,, 1*11 Lumber Co.
J. T. Hhlrriir, K 1». Eddy Co.
Latch ford k McDougall, tiarrieters.
John Honey k Hone.
UN, Hate k Son.
JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and Imaply executed. Order* by mall promptly ltended to.
f
\
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOljN SI^ITHi Proprietor.
s
How about Waterproof Coats, Ladies and Cents ?
Business Cards.
MEDICAL
F.M.A.McNaughtorj,B./\.,M.D.,C.M.
The spot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Graduate ok McGill University,*
0(lice—Residence of the late Dr. H. II Kuox, Shaw ville. *
Office hour* Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
Seasonable Goods :
CALL AT
ÊST Your Turn next
SMILEY’S.
Horse Blankets, Oil Tan Moccasins, Men’s and Boys’ Overcoats and Pea Jackets, Men’s all-wool heavy Top Shirts, Men’s and Boy’s
Underwear (a most complete range. Ask to see our 00c. line—it is a hot one.) All-wool grey and white Blankets, Trunks and Valises, (our stock is unsurpassed in assortment and prices
Rubbers. We handle everything in Ladies’
Men’s and Children’s Footwear.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M

PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University. Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omcs AND Rmidknck : J. H Armstrong'* Horae,
811 AW VILLE.
and
JEWELLER
MAIN STREET
mm
HE
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SILVERWARE do. Ac.
PATENTS
LEGAL.
Boots, Shoes and
1
PORTAGE DU FORT
BOORBEAU R4INHLLE, L. L, L,

fjom
Roller Mill

ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, visit Shaw ville every Monday
PROMPTLY SECURED

Rkpatbiko—
a Special ITT
Write for our interesting books “ Inventor's Help" and “ How you are swindled/' Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will till you free our opinion as to whether it i* probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted \y us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; this qualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.	.	.	,	„ i
patents procured through Marion flt Ma-, rion receive special notice without charge in , over loo newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion.	.	, .	,
Specialty Patent business of Manufac-, turers ana Engineers.	i
WILL
%
WM. GAMBLE,
SHAW VILLE, IS
X

HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 2d, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa. Ont.
At Shawvlllt, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
overO. F. Hodgln»’ Store, Main St.
G. F. HODGINS.
\
District and Country.
Mr. McLeod Stewart has gone to England in the intereata of I he Georgian Bay canal project
•Vil ce
First Quality Flour.
It has been shown that 2,000 persons were lynched in the United States in the last ten years. The fact will be brought to the attention of President McKinley by the Methodist ministers of Chicago, who will urge him to recommend to con-suitable legislation which shall to every person accused of crime a fair trial, and hold criminally liable all persons constituting inubs which torture, murder and burn.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
P. S. Furs and Coat Robes.
MARION & MARION
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, *C
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Patent Experts and Solicitors. .
New York Life B’Id’g, Montreal ( Atlantic Bldg,Washington D.CX
icT Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
jotficM: {
L’ru-d Building
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa
g re
secure
Phone No. 117:1.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
t
50 YEARS* EXPERIENCE
JOSEPH BROWN,
THE MARKETS.
The Main Issue
Proprietor
W. W. IRELAND,
17
/

An Ottaw» paper wye it i« alleged that ]n c,,nneotjon wjth the provincial elec a little girl named Stroulger living in ViV|A An, 4uv*» \mtum à» Vueiioanuofi vtxmu i\ew fcamuurgn, attempted suicide last i#tratjon This was the case from the first, Thursday night by taking Uudanu.n. but it became more markedly so after the Ber mother, it is stated, slapped her for ^ whirl 0f 1887-91, during which the 80me offence, and the% girl seized the tresaury was loaded with a debt that will bottle containing the 1 luuanum and drank ^ a drag upon it for many years to come, it. Medical aid was at once summond h wag the hnanciai administration of the but it was necessary to walk the gnl (îovernment over which Messrs, around all night before she was out of jjoucbervI|j0| Taillon and Flynn succès* danger.	ively presided that was was the chief sub*
Tho Canadian mounted forces and jecl of attack by the Opposition, which is artillery still in South Africa hafe been now the Government of the province, in the thick of heavy fighting of late. When it was plain to all that the then Strathcona's Horse were in General Bar- ministers were doing very well, and ton’s force which at Frederickstad, near jotting the province into a safer, if not Potchefstroom, administered a very an absolutely good financial position, Mr. defeat to General De Wet's Boer I Marchand censured it in severe terms,
FOR SALE:
SH AWViLA-L.
Wheat, (ntandard) 70 to 75e Oats per bushel, 00 to 24c. Pease per bushel, 00 to 37c. Eggs, per dozen, 14c.
Butter, per pound, 17 to 18c. Wool, per pound, 10 to 18c. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c.
erk of the District Magistrates* Court.
Deeds,
factorlly.
À quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
i
“rR*oc Ma^.Es
Designs
^FFffv* Copyrights Ac.
SSSsSSH^
tlons strictly confidential. Handbook on I atenta tpecial notice, without charge, In tho
Scientific Jfmerkait.
QUE
SHAWVILLE
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,

NOTARY FOR THE
S1 ’ “““ A	rAANRÏoHAV ,NU8
money to loan on easy terms.
¦¦que.
Will he in Shawville on Tuesday and Sat
urday of every w eek.
WANTED !

OTTAWA
BRYSON
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest clr
RS LfcvrEis ïr*
Butter, print, 24c. per lb.
“ pails, 10 to 2k.*. per II Eggs, fresh, 28c. per doz. Potatoes, 40 to 43c. per hag. Apples, 45 to 75c. per bag. Ij&mb, 7 to 9c. per lb. Mutton, 0 to He. peril».
Beef, 8.J to 5k*. per lb.
Pork. $0.50 to $0.75 per 100. Chickens, 35 to 55c. a pair. Oats, 28 to 30c. per bushel. Hay, $9.00to $10.00 per ton. Wool, 14 to 17c. per ll>.
were
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will l»e supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.	.
WILLIAM El OTT
IVITLIFF OF THE if A> Shawville . Que., i en<ag*ment8tor any bu with all Courts In the t m idea ndp-ompl ret ur.
IORCOURT fully solicita ueonuectlon , Collections
severe
force on the twentieth of October. On I alld promised, if given the opportunity, that occasion the Boers lost thirty-six ; to do better ; and the men who later he killed, thirty wounded and twenty-six came his colleagues and are now the captured. A cable, bearing date of Nov. | euccessora of his ministry endorsed and 20, says there is a vague rumor current in ! seconded his criticism and pledge. The London that a big battle is in progress ' reeuR 0f three years of their work is be-between the Boer forces under General j fore the public. The following table De wet and the British troops in South g vea the regular receipts and expenditure Africa.	! for two years before and throe years after
VWVVWVVVv'VVVVVVVVV'/VVVV
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD

ed
J. J. TURNER,
To buy well, watch the latest pru formation in the special TRADE
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
m	Samples free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
ccs an
PRESS
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. Rale#conducted In a business-like
Goods or articles
: Bbawvllle.Que.
Mr. Ditiiel Watt, of Carleton Place, they took office
¦urSSïi'ï' ux ;®....
SXÏÏSffi*ttUX. te g::::::::::Bs
“S X teWlft p: :::::::: : ft-*»	,, ihi
come in from Ottawa and was standing j In the column of the expenditure the on the siding. When he alighted from j figures for 18% somewhat understate and tho car of lumber he failed to notice a those for 1897 rather overstate the year s train of box cars that was backing down outlay. In 1896 the Conservative Gov-the siding till he was struck and run over, eminent was trying to make a good show He was killed instantly. His remains ing, previous to an appeal to the people, were conveyed to his home at Carleton In 1897 the present Government had
p,«.	I
Dr. Dickson D»d.	IK.tiTÎÎ'.X*
¦
Expenditure
$4,189,985
$4,099,707
$4,892,382
$4,415,370
$4,201,023
$4,403,524
month, a variety hand for sale: Office
There is cause to vote
ing for them against them, because their defeat would replace in power men who, on what they themselves made the great issue, are by the record shown to have done better.— Montreal Gazette.
Apply to
HOTELS.
C. K. GRIGG,
St. Lawrence Hall,

RENFREW, Ont

ment as may ensure its success.
The undertaking thus referred to and advocated was the well known Quebec ab-battoir scheme, the promoters of which practically sought a guarantee of capital from the province. Of their prospectus it may be said that if its statements as to prospective profit were correct there no need of giving public money to conduct a private business with, and if they were incorrect, there was every reason why the province should have nothing to do with the affair. The profits aspect of the case aside, however, as one on which there might be difference of opinion, the proposals were to be condemned as involving an improper use of the public money or credit in aiding a private business enterprise which would operate in opposition to established industries enjoying and being entitled to, no public aid. So strongly did this side of the case appeal to common sense, that leading newspapers irrespective of party politics declared proposait to be impracticable of adoption; and Mr. Marchand intimated very plainly that his Government could not agree with them. Mr. Marchand weakened, however, before the railway subsidy raiders ; and there were signs that hie followers hoped he would weaken before other demands of a similar kind. The above re solutions, which no minister opposed, are in proof. With Mr. Marchand gone, and no strong man in his place, the success of such schemes as are outlined in the above would be likely. They can be surely checked by defeating the men who promote them in the Legislature.
The Prince Edward Islsnd legislature
The London News makes this point :
The Galt Reformer claims that it is to the Liberals that Canada owes simultaneous voting. If Canada haa simultaneous voting what have those chaps been doing in Oaspe, and what are they electioneering for in Nipissing and over in Burrard and Yale ?
Mr. Kruger has been received in Paris by both the Premier and the President, while the crowd has shouted itself hoarse in his honor. This will please the old man, and displease John Bull, but it will not affect the South African situation. There is an army and a fleet in the way eff anything but wordy sympathy with the Boers.
Conservative candidates are being put in the field with a rapidity that will tend to impress the members of the Parent Government with the idea that their sur» prise will not be hs effective as they hoped. A great deal can be done in a fortnight against a weak administration, and it looks aa if the result on the 7th of next month may show that it has been done by the ‘ Opposition.
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-clash Livery Attachki*
A Subsidy Demand
Among the evidences of the weakening in good intentions that characterized the Government's party in the last session of the Legislature, was the presentation of the following resolution, moved by Mr.
Charles Langelier, seconded by Mr. Gar-neau, and unopposed by the ministers :
41 Whereas, cattle raising is not carried to a large extent in this province, on account of the want of a sufficiently remunerative market for the agricultural
classes ;	...
« Whereas, it is of the highest importance to farmers to have such a market which would enable them to employ their produce, such as hay and grain, for rais ing stock on their farms, which would thereby benefit by the manure obtained, and thus would allow them to restore the fertility of the soil exhausted by overcropping ;
“ Whereas, fifty three counties of province, consulted by the Quebec Board of Trade, have set forth the deplorable state of the farming industry as regards the raising of cattle, and have expressed the opinion that the establishment of ab battoirs would have the effect of remedying this lamentable situation ;
“ Whereas, the establishment of abbat-toirs would contribute in a very effective manner to the progress and development of agriculture in the province ;
•« Be it resolved, that this house is of opinion that the necessary steps should
be taken to grant this undertaking, which	104. * ,
is destined to promote agricultural pros- has been dissolved. I >eo. 1-th is election
perity in this province, such encourage- dsy.
was
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and HOOK

on
j
en

ALL KINDS OF—
Interior & Eilerior
FINISH FOR
Senses à Virsndshs

the
<
$.
manufactured
this
DOORS, 6ASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac ,
Kept In stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR PRICES

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Ship and Crew Lost
Quebec, November 25—(Special).— Some time during the blinding enow-storm on Wednesday night the coasting steamer 8t. Olaf, of this upon the jagged rocks When exactly or how the disaster occurred will never probably be known, for of mil thet good ship’s company not a soul remains alive to tell the tale
Estimate» flemished.
SCHOOL NOTICE.
port, crashed Houle Island.
needed to meet current demands.
1 He LAWvi
See.-Tress.
Shawville, Oct. 29, 1990,

###PAGE###6###
\

r
•* V
\
\



<
?
H
«
V

\
bear the JLoyal t/onimltaioo rea®e
In obedience to this »uiim,ons
he tier-
ed an l ughed all the time. 'I he young I a three-cornered conversation onrl ful. Her borison widened, the sun lad tea certainly knew what they | morning, and when the step-mother | shine became more golden, the air wanted, aa well as who was to do it
I ho Mieses Roes wuited and wonder
The Stepmother.

“We are not prepared to do anything low/' they said, briefly are our father's daughters, colored up. After all, she had been his wife.
"I shall put up a card, ami take
hastened away the remaining pair I seemed lighter. There was a wonder-lust then the t vaut w lit > assisted | looked at oQS snothWr and smiled I ful Uplifting of spirit, which, do what
she would, she could not shake off.
tipoukitr, accompanied uy jennt-at-Arms and led lowed l,T a just ling crowd of members mak«e hi» way, with as much dlgniJ ua possible under the olreuiuata10®*» tv the Upper House, where hi* c(IU‘ntf *• awaited by the Lord Chancelle ^a'* * brilliant array of lord* in it * *** ^ scarlet and bis hoi* iu la#w beeves.
In the absence of the Qu’cu h®r place is taikon by the Lord Ch.nce^or and four Lord High Commis‘oners, wliiu sit on each aide of hint in*1‘* glory of soni let robes and wtkit4 ^ur*
When the Commons have c°* detl,
We
She
She	irnàmg busily, and think-
ing the same time, iMomt heroines
Mrs. Haas brought in a note from | meaningly Mr. Ila<LsL<x'.k far Florence
He needn't have troubled her," re She was almost ashamed of the glad-Ohl" Eleanor flew to her sister's | marked Flo, with a pout. "She has no| neass that had come to her.

who are not bleat with riches find leisure for thought while darning a toe kings; but in this case the widow Ironed and thought-—with a veiy keen sense that the iron of adversity laid
aide, and glanced over her shoulder. | control over me."
laying guests—in other words, board-era," she said
"It is the orthodox sort of thing, happy in his approval before; but in "And nothing fit to wtvir!" groan-1 I suppose," returned Eleanor. " loon- bis love she rejoiced. She would Iw * Tickets for that grand concert to- grain late you, my dear. Make him set his true comrade, his friend, lus alter morrow," she cried aloud, in delight.) up a nice house somewhere in the| ego. ed the recipient
"Somebody must
pocket her pride."
I ho others looked askance, but ve-
uto her own soul.
•<4*e was not very young, nor was she elderly. (She had been a wit's for twelve months, and a widow fm five years; a widow endowed wi ü two full-grown, lu pleas, helpless, d'"-dendent daughters, who looked 10 her—with all the assuranoe in the world—for i h dr daily bread. It, w s enough to sprinkle any woman's hair with gray, and it had sprinkled that of Mrs. boss, although not all the tantrums of the Misses boss had touch»

fleeted tint they were under the necessity of living, ami that Mrs. boss could do the work while they lived, on the proceeds.	I
All these things were present to Judith boss ns her iron went to and fro over the white serviettes and tin-Xnd for five years—five long, interminable years—that woman had kept t lie "wolf" from the door; nay, had slaved and toiled for John boss's daughters as well as for herself.
à
Xll this rushed across her brain in
That's always I suburbs ; he can afford to live in style
lie lives here out of sheer lnsiness." I an instant, and t lieu, how she never "Don't lie afraid. I'll have every-1 quite realised, Judith found herself in 11 thing as it should bn," and the would- his arms, her head on his shoulder, a
our fate."
"Oh, Mrs. Hues must furnish sup-
plies," said Eleanor, composedly
know what I will have. You shall] be bride-e-leot nodded sagaciously.| deep, abiding sense of peace in her lend me that lace, you will never wear
like so many sheep, Into tbi *iu;lll
spice allotted to them. ous contrast to the gorgeous s<Vne *n" to which they hive beeu tltw 11 n* ceremoniously ushered, with brilliancy and variety of colo;» the Clerk of Parliament, in win an,l gown, re<uls the Royal Commise#*tln* der which Parliament is opened II.is in followed by the QPeu'» Speech, read by the Lord (All i 1 lur from his seat, and when this is*;00' eluded the tfpeiker and his site-'1,8 velum to their own House. *1*° Speaker tukei the chair for one * * i rf second, bows to the House, and hen disappears, leaving his flook t. own devices until four o'clock.
At this hour the members ag.iira*-semble, the Queen's Speech Is re.i hy the Speiuker, and when the Ad<fv * has been moved and secondedf he tongues of the House are at 1 as'Unloosened, and (he legislative nibh-inery is, for good or evil, in full w* k.
hea rt
You won't find me patronising
I
a
You have In-on a perfect heroine
he murmured to her.
it again will you? And witty my Mack boarding-house."
"T YV'** l0Vel" W ™ Vt',y Th,,n th6y f"“ t0 e'gBr am' ,irdent I •"nu?' .TtLt slavery aver now, good, m it not?	| discussions, which made the momenta ^ha.nk Heaven 1”’
• The step-mother nodded. One by 1 fly, and settled at once what Flo «• And the girls," said she,
one she w as parting with -a.il her lit- would wear, and Eleanor and the oth- about t hem r
tie treasures.	IOT bridesmaids. And when they had I Uul he re,uwd to consider them at
“And you may a» wall let Flo have I arrived so far the door opened, and that old silver lace—that Turkish | the step-mother came in. broidery, 1 mean. She can do up
en
what
all
the Mwuty or the sweet Judith’s face
lines ou X few wrinkles had
Marriage had not Hen much of a tiruinp-ourd for her, at any rate.
« Ihg.tWlLvhLml,Lfore tbs firm'd	llk"‘* h> ““ «	ar®	did he say » How did he say itl"	P^a'iThw/wa^w.Mn^t^c^P
am only doing my duty, after all. We	1 he ^b-p-mot her nodded once more.	Mrs.	Ross sat down, bewildered.	when	the	truth	came	out.	Perhaps
. mlith had a	tolerably	large	aiva	no	blends neither they nor I.	“ ‘Never’ i* aiming	word," she said,	"He	said it kindly enough,"	shm be- there	was	some	gnashing	of	teeth	in
to cover that afternoon. She w a	hxdd toeetber for nitv of very slowly; but the others had flown gan, but-"	the privacy of the young ladies’chain-
mono ony i h u in.	1 murders had returned late for din- ihe stepmother knitted her brows her head. " After all, it's no great evt their lips as far as Judith was con-
.She had been a	very	young	girl	nel% ,uu,	wanted eomething n()W.	and bit her lips. In	a «hart time she	business of yours, you know."
when she came	as	a bride to Root-	M,r	1{ldfltocJ; looked up tt, ,h«	wouUI hav« nothin»	of her own left,
side, ami well did she remember ils
.	,	,	, L .	entered,
manner and method of her burnt* ,	, .	.	__
Qomlyg	My usual luck, Mrs Hues !" he said
ca reless1y
"My Judith,11 lie whispered, "they are quite able to manage their own affairs. Wo will now attend to ours,
©orat' on the gentle brow, but the waving hair, that would wave, came softly to cover these over, and to efface them.
Hot h girls sprang towards her
OCrned.
After all, there was always an in-
„	, .	...	........	. t profiting curate at hand ; and life has
Mrs. Kosa. have meddled too much," flashed Klea- compensations. They could dance at
reflected that she would “have the ' nor from the rear.	Judith’s wedding, and " Une wedding
"It is a little bit of my own bust- leads to many," says the proverb.
It will he spiteful of you, if you
yet she made no protest
AN ORPHAN MOOSE.
house to herself
and ba able to go
ou with certain matters, that she had neglected.
Hut l will not trouble
In the first place, John ROSS had
not been particularly frank to eith- -VM1 M|UV*1-	^11Y	^aro NX *** *sU‘l
me to-night, I am out of sorts."
ness, Flo,’* said the step-mother, mild-
Veserlril li> In tluilicr Hu tiiy a lire mid Ailtiplcil I» Lumber Jack*
*y
STARTING THE MACHINERY.
er his young wife or his daughters, and he had taken all three by surprise, for which—though Judith hud forgiven him at once—the ML
4 'No, it is not. Papa was foolish when he married such a young woman, but he never intended you to domineer over us to such an extent."
"1 have never domineered, Flo."
" Oh, go on I” said Eleanor, in an ir-
“Su 1 shall not be so unhappy," she
reasoned. 'One is never unnappy when one has work to do."
"She is a cold-blooded creature,"
said Flo to her sister. "Do you know
I felt rather .sorry for a moment that
we were taking bar lace, but now—"
" Been working hard ?” .she asked, placing a dish before him # you must t ry this, for It is not good to be so heedless over one's self."
An odd circumstance of animal f®
liilrrr*llng ('«-reman lu I lit ihe O.k-ii ng nf he I npeiinl I «niinoir.
But
has been brought out by the de;;^ There are few, if any, more quaint of a calf moose which bad been addend picturesque 'lerenumi ils thin the oil by a motherly old white cow, l*e opening of Parliament, with its ming- relationship continuing in an amiale
manner all the summer and until ile Although the hour of meeting i081* met an untimely end not loi ” He took me by surprise," began Ju-	as fixed by Royal proclamation, is
She	is one of those blessed	dith once more, "but the price he of-	two o'clock in the afternoon, the day's	East May a severe forest	fire	oa>®
p«»op:e	born to	toil—‘a hewer of wood	fared was tempting."	ceremonial commences many hours	clfMe	to	the camp of	a logging	co*-
aml a drawer of water’—by birth. She " The price 1" exclaimed both girls. !	curlier, when % he Queen's Yeomen of	Pa°y	0,1	Ibe shore of	Like	Super!#
diwi not mind in the very least.” j •• He need not think women are to lie the Guard, in their picturesque, old- aml though the camp was not in » So much for
Roes paid their step-mother out in i fashion peculiarly their own.
1 he grave, quiet tones amused him, It was the pleasure of .hese young they were so eminently grand moth-women to pull down every blind in &rly the house, and to deck themselves in her pile and careworn, lines on her heavy robes of sombre mourning, so brow, and a tired shade over her eyes, dismal and so doleful that th«y He felt a trifle sorry now for her. struck a chill to her heart
ritated tone. " Why wrangle any more? "Don't trouble yourself, ray dear," What did you reply?" returned Eleanor, with a flick of her
ling of the modern and the mediae
lie looked again, and found
va I
fingers.


liny
1 expect you work hard
he re-

greeted her ia a darkened room with plied looks so gloomy that even John nolle- was a student of faces, and all of a
He
with a slight emphasis
world uniform, explore the cellars mus danger, the situation was a*-underneath the Houses in search of iuU ’ *&**#)& to cause the gangs to But 1 have promised to think it pow 1er barrels, or their modern sub- knock off work and keep a weatPr
eye out for trouble. One day wfc®
This curious ceremonial takes us ^*e forest at the edge of the clean J
intuitions. In the bought over in that fashion." meantime, Judith bad Seen the pro-
•d Quern, and felt angry
sudden it flashed upon him that this fie pulled up the blinda hastily, and was a much younger woman than he
ordered some refreshments, while had imagined
Judith went to take off her cloak
Airs. Hors stared
gramme and recognised the names of
She remembered that h«l was very attentive to Florence, and brightened in manner.

singers and songs, and had closed eyes over,’ she said meekly and heart to the temptation
st it ut a—dy na mite.
i
"You may spare yourself the trouble," returned Flo, with an
but he refrained from a wordy battle with either of the girls, who thus understood that they had gained the victory
It was a fine old house, and Judith expressed her pleasure in It to her husband.
"What a delightful place V she eried, enthusiastically.
"Yes." hits assented, "and 1 hope you
Then she threaded her needle and
angry j baok to Hut fateful midnight on No- was clouded with smoke throw**
1 will deal j voiaber 4: h, 1605, when Sir Thomas which red tongues of flame were U*
K ne vet and Ida attendants caught ping up the branches a big ouw moq»..
Guy Fa w ikes wi lithe tell-tale matt hes dashed out of the smoke and into t.i
m l the powder and clearing, followed by a calf. Both wen
exhausted, and they stood for a me
As early as four or five o’clo ik in ment bewildered, heedless of the me»
the morning the first herald of the who were watching them. Then *h»
new Parliament may be seen gliding cow imose realised that she was i#
; into the empty House and deposit- the presence ot man, her he red i tar 3
• in g his hat on a selected seat, only enemy, and she retreated to the for-
Hut tin 1 If waa unable to follow. The mother looked beseeching-
votion will be known on the morrow ly toward the men that surrounded
She drew a chair forward, and chatted pleasantly, putting her fatigue
resolutely behind her, while she help- with an individuality of lovtineas all suit." ed him from the various dishes.
tacked the rich silver embroidery on Florence's robe, where it
movement of the hand tened with him now. This ia quite an iu
1
its own.
I do not think so, Flo. The man
in his p -okel fagots in front of him.
Both Eleanor and Flo had carefuly means well."
Her efforts provoked nia. He told her of his day’s work, the men he thought of Mervyn Radstock iu ar-he had met, the news he had heard, ranging this ornamentation
y
Does he? The price, indeed !"
And Miss Flo dabbed at lw
He
eyes
She saw but little of the world now- has an artistic eye," they said, " and with a fine soft handkerchief.
a days, and its echoes but rarely he is clever—and well-off." This last' Airs. Robs looked from one to the
reached her. As she listened, faint item was a bonne bouche; they gloat- other. I promised to think it well
gleams from an un forgot ten past ed over It end fn>y«d Tow 1 h«,v .w.ore over, and I—well," she said firmly, " 1 , ,	,
do not see. what y OU « re cavilling |	» '	'r
about. I can deal with this matter however, that his feit of early de
rill be happy here."
- AtvgNle.u/yxd .tH-her txvaJ /«c*. at t h* wavy hair, just touched w/ith a sus-pi< iou of gold, and at the sw\jet gray eyes, so firm and so gentle, and thvo herself in well-chosen words he sighed.
"It is the union of May and December," he thought—rat her late in the day, it must be owned daughters looked at her said a few bitter things to themselves, and not a few equally nasty things aloud in her hearing.



came back; she smiled—a low laugh rolling Judith; nor did they even ro-
brokti from h r li;w. She expressed member how useful it was to possess
111 a" a step-mother of such a self-denying disposition.
very easily, by either saying ' yes ' or
aud	lean	find	another	home 11 to every /me of his constituents.	As	the calf, but made	no attempt toi
the day grows, more members,	in	drive them away as	they expected.j
I should	think sol" cried Florence, I drowsy ones or talkative twos	or	Then, as though she	had come to the]
1	am	not	going to	live in threes, nuke their appearance,	«le-	conclusion that her	best course was l
I shall posit their hats, and mysteriously re- to leave her offspring to their mercy / lire, until the benches are lined with she turned .about and plunged again hats of every size and shape and all *nl 0 l*ie woods.
no
showed that she, too, hid opinions lie listened, and was surprised.
dare say."
The concert was a great success, and the young ladies enjoyed it. In ad- 1 dition, this was but the beginning of j a series of similar delights; Mervyn
than Florence, and ten I HadMock wa® always sending tickets!
for this, that, or the other, and Flo1

There is a fresh y o«ung spirit belli® hind this funeral blackness of garb," 100, and he said to hims If
sharply
any menagerie, i can tell you
1’he woman is
want my house to myself 1"
" uh r
years younger
times more delightful.*
She poured out his coffee daintly, ,lI1d L.eanor began to give themselves
like one who had been used to faring	a‘19 *n consequence. Mervyn
who generally went nowhere, it was true, lie was
Deer when threatened with peril
It was Flo’s turn to mystify and degrees of wear

•'I
At noon there is no seit tint has have been known to run to a man for
Mrs. ltoss paused for an answer
"She. deserves them," they said, in what they called "righteous wrath;" but the step-mot her took them and their bitterness quietly.
She wanted to like them, honestly enough; and she remembered an old proverb t hit says, "Least said, soonest mended"—a wise rule for •very-day life.
They were "thorns in her side," beyond doubt; stubborn, self-willed persons, who were resolved to slight her whenever they could, and live as they pleased. And for nine months they led her a pretty dance, with tempeis and tumults enough to try the disposition of most women, angelic or otherwise, until the privileged ones of their acquaintance confessed to a good deal of sympathy with the young step-mother, and not a little indignation with the easygoing John, who permitted the tyranny to go on without let or hindrance. But at this pass an intervention came which changed the aspect of affairs; as well as the tactics of the young ladies; for one fine day John Ross was brought home speechless from his office, having had a "stroke," and then the day came when, from a darkened house, he was carried forth to h'is last resting place, leaving three forlorn women behind to live together as best they could. And to add to the misery1 of the situation, It was soon discovered that he had
not its guardian hat, as the late com- protection. The protectors of the calf *
The new members figured it yut that that was why
thu cow moose left the calf with them, md «lining- for a moose does not desert its off-I rooms; and as the fateful hour ar- spring carelessly, but will defend it mean ?” shriek- i prvaches fill the floor of the House with terrible effect and desperate \
in garrulous crowds.	courage. At any rate, the little waif (
1 hen, us I he cloak points to the 0f the forest was taken to the cook
hour of two, the cry, Way for the shanty, and a bottle of cows milk Speaker
"If he offers enough, I shall sell said she, prudently ignoring her step- I ** ruefully finds daughter’s speeches. Wisely invested, *n hundreds throng the lobbies it will make the nucleus of a small in- i smoking-rooms, library
gently
performed this task, splashed the a student ; but he heaped attentions on beverage about, and was often re- them, and they smiled and smirked,
and ami I again. Even Judith began
He noticed that Mrs. Ross’s hands to °Pen her eyes and await results.
One evening, when the step-daugh-
F lore nee

\
gardless of* the linen
come."
Whatever do you
were brown, but small and well-shaped; and that there was a certain grace 1 ers were somewhere as usual
Mervyn came home from a scientific
ed Flo and Eleanor together, as they stood regarding her with looks of
Have you suddenly gone
and chirm iu her that he had not
suspected.
He was almost sorry when the meal was over.
ia	, , v. .	horror
I ret. ure, end met bus hostess face to m*dV
face ill the hail

Way for the Speaker
was given to it and was drunk greed-
“Have you?" asked the stepmother, I	sentis	000 odd members scurrying from	iiy.	After a few hours’ of rest the
* j	laughing in spite of herself. "Mr.Rad-	evt>ry	qturier, like so many school-	cajf	was as frisky and merry as it
,	„	stock wants to buy the house, furni-	*Juya«	tl> [ v places, each member	fla<j	ever twea, ft did not appear to
„	e ie<j'	a amile, ture, and all. I wanted to tell you miauling in an uttiiude of respectful mourn the loss of its mother, but the
^ f ‘<>U 1	.	this all the time, but you would not | expectancy as the Speaker makes his manage 0f the camp ordered that an
'Why did you not go to this con- jet me I"	stately procession through the House,
cert?
Mrs. Rose
he exclaimed thought----”. He paused.
#
Florence and Eleanor Ross came in from a meeting iu rather dissatisfied moods. There were two curates in the parish, and th. se gentlemen seemed drifting into ^iva elsewhere. When one ia nearing the shady side of thirty, this is apt to cause some heartburning and woe, to say nothing of snappishness and spite.
All sorts of unpleasantness carne home to roost on .Mrs. Ross's shoulders, tht-se among them. They saw the step-mot her busy in the kitchen, with a brighter look on her face, and wondered.
"if you had been with us, you
would be wretched, said Eleanor. "1
declare, the world is horribly snobbish !"
\
attempt be made to bring mother and
" The house I" screamed Flo, throw- In Ids knee-breeches, his stockings calf together again. A big woodsing herself on a settee by the window, of silk and buckles of silver, his silk man littBd Ule lilUo one up al)d car.
and Wl-bottoaed wig, the ried lt uto lbe (orost balf a ,mle
-The furniture I" groaned Eleanor, Speaker is a dignified and impressive eway. Ul, auppoaed that when he left as a kind of chorus. " Oh, the deceit- figure, as he walks slowly up the floor it the calf W(>uld caJ1 for Us molher| fulness of	tnen I"	of the House towards his waiting	who waa 8upposed to ^ hoveliug
Well f”	Mrs, ltoss	was ama.vd.	choir, to whi h, as he approaches it,	around ,omewhere near.	But vlm
"Surely he	has a perfect right to buy	he mokes three low obelsanc.es. With	calf ^ this attempt	to thrust
a house if he chooses, and thm is near him walk his chaplain, in his gowu him out frum the ^tuforts of civilii-the college where he lectures. If you of bhek, and the Serje.iot-at-Arms, ation_ and whe-n th# meQ ran away
are so attached to the house—" she ™ Court dress, armed with his sword toward the camp it followed. No motb-•Tt	is.	Iam growing	old	as	grace-	but	waved	their hands at	and bearing the massive mace on his	^ appeared| and the ealf	m;ldo it9
folly,	as	lean,	it	is	true-still.	Iam	*,r'How,	wfao carel	|<w tb, houae	whe^'th. Sp.„ker has reached bis
-for twenty housest" they cried, pas- choir prayers are s.id by the chaplain, j "',T" f““ day8 the^was not a'hin»--sionateJy. "Can you not see for your- tbo members stun.ling in a reverent her jack who would not have fought ' 8e^ ' ’	uttiiude, until the chi plain, prayers for the orphan, The cook saved the
over, with backward steps, and count- choicest milk for the waif and fed
less bows to the Speaker, passes out of t‘,"“ o“*han\uT"!ded"iVZx%"Z the House.	way into the confidence and affections
Then once again all is commotion, of a cow nam«*<i Bess. Thereafter they
as the hundreds of members mike x |e inseparable companions.
The oddly mated cuupl>	was the
greatest attraction of the camp for months. Kodak fiends and tourists went miles out of their way to see them. The waif flourished and grew amagingly under the tender maternal care of Hess, but as it happened it was through his foster mother that he came to his death. One day Hess took it into her placid mind that she would wander seven or eight miles away from the camp for new pastures and the Orphan followed. When they were found the manager of the camp sent two men after them. The men took advantage of their outing to dally with the cup that cheers, and the Orphan was the victim of their debauch. They started back along the railroad track toward camp about an hour before sunset and presently,overcome by the liquor they had drunk, the men lay down by the side of the track, and went to sleep, tying the eow to a rail. A special train name along and knocked the life out of the poet little body of the GrphM»
“I! Flo and Eleanor have gone. They
enjoy them so much, thanks to your goodness."
sobbing violently
'And they go always#"
Indeed, yea. It would be ungrateful not to do so."
’ And Mrs. Rosa stays at bome|n He bent his brows and glared at
f
her

Mrs. Rose’s day is over." Nonsense!"
>
i
old
"1 meant one ticket tor you, Madam."
A faint throb of something like
pleasure sent the warm blood to her
face. She felt glad—yes, glad—that
he had remembered her after all. It
was rather nice to be thought about— poor Judith I

X
"So it is," rejoined Florence, "and the people round us are terribly mean. It is of no use to work in the parish, no one thinks any better of us ou that account,"
"You do not do it for the sake of aquandered awny the fortune which I ^	^ink.' ««id Judith,
ooi g ht to hive been laid by for them, | quietly and that they were practically pen ni less, with liule besides the fine old j of times here ah home. I declare you house and beautiful furniture on | vvere smiling when we came in 1" which to find their living. The Mis-
" No, I cannot," she answered frankly, and then she got up and went away slowly to tell Mr. Hadstock that she must; give up all idea of falling in with his views.
But here a fresh surprise awaited

tlieir way to the chair, and filing one after thanking him | *ier' ^>r Mervyn Hadstock seised her | by one |n fIOnt of the Speaker, phake
his hind in respectful greeting. This Let them have the house,’ he said I	ceremony, however, is doomed to interthinking I at once- " 1 heard something as I came	niption, for the cry of "Black Hod :
down the stairs. I'll get a better one	Way for the Bl.icik Hod !" is heard, and
strange that such a man further off. Never mind: hut—1 want its sound the Serjeant-at-Arras, as should	find	so	much	that	warn wonder-	you. dear, more than they do. Will	jf moved by some inhospitable ira
fully	attractive	in	Judith	Rues; but	you be my wife, Judith i I have loved I	pUi3e, rushes to the door and shuts
you from the first, and now I cannot j in the face of the approaching of go away without you, my darling
Mr. Rada took bowed courteously as she passed om,

"Oh, don't we! You have the best
hands and held her fast
anew; but he watched her closely, and when he went into his room he
spent some more time in about her
It was
Ye-ea." The widow blushed. Had ses I toes indulged in unlimited tears ;t been so wiok.-.l a thing to smile a and hysterics when this was found little? She sighed mit. They had anticipated a delightful period of emancipation. They
were suddenly bound down to the narrowest of limits, and they felt as if their late beloved parent had somehow cheated them out of their due.
now, and felt
penitent.
"If that is my skirt, pray do it better than last time," said Florence, severely. "I felt almost ashamed to wear it."
he was a student of character.
"A brave lit tie soul," be summed
up in his mind. "God hi way#."
And when a man takes to praying
for a woman, it may be assumed that
she has touched him very nearly in
some way off other. Mervyn Rad-stock said, "God bless her" very reverently.
ficial of the House of Lords.
It is only when Black Rod has knocked appealingly three times at the door that he is admitted and al-
Tell me, will you come to me?"
Her colour came and went. She was startled and bewildered.
her al-
"Oh, and my handkerchiefs!" cried Eleanor.
Judith neither screamed nor fainted. She belonged to the class heroic. She took up the burden of life bravely, and sat down to view the situation.
"The house ia our capital," she muttered—she did not even say bine. "W- must make the best of that. Vint
i>ow r	/ I
'You really must be more
I like the
fi
" Did you not know I loved you, Judith?" he persisted. "Have I alarmed you, or spoken too abruptly? Forgive
lowed to approach the Speaker. After
all, Black Rod is only an inoffensive old gentleman in knee-breeches and me. dear; but try and love me a little | , wallow-tailed coat, who bears in his I, also, am a very lonely person."

particular over they corners well smoothed, and every bit
I
of lace gone over with attention.
What is the use of having lace on
them if it Is to be cobbled up?"
The two stood, one on each side of : he table, issuing orders In a lofty manner, and Mrs. Ross listened, work-,
hand an ebony and gold rod, the sym-All at once Judith found tier eyes I bed of hU position. With many bows wet with tears; hut through the tear-1 he approaches the Speaker, and dedrops, life beamed with a strange I ^ires his presence and that of the new iridescence, and became beauti-1 Commons in the House of Peers to
• e e e
I went to speak to
Mrs. Roes,
you."
Mervyn Radstock'e voice interrupted












###PAGE###7###
I
I
PAGE
( S ; 4 6 i M £ £ ( S ;
i
V
f
1
r
1
I
o
V
«
I
p
ment wore those small policies which imssionate flow and youthful vigor,
insui ed the furniture of the operatives was curiously contrasted by touches
an<l which Job Itarmbnxik bad always of archaic learning which set the
insistai upon—paying the premiums critics wondering about the writer
himself end deducting tbs amount Before the book had been out a month from wages
Sx
mà

A

/
UNREQUITED LOVE.
W
\
\k
The Man Who Knows

#
•hare were plenty of people ready to affirm that it was written by Mr. ûvldenoe was | Neatorias, and soma even went so far brought together, conversations held


Hevi ii men were arrested (in su «pi cion and a
A Ule later Lash mar Mr Ms main he*n happy with Victorian if you had fiian«, amusing themselve* in t he denied me your love." hi III. 11-room, while Mrs. Mulciber, | Lady Caxininow had not remained end he raat of the women were sit- In England to assist at the triumph ing Kmnd the drawing-room. fire, of an obscure rival. She had taken Seeinf his guests, thus content and advantage of iwipp), he slipped away to his moth- Dane brook bring er’s iMm, where he found Stella and whisk her off to Aixles-Uains thr d.Nvngfj sitting opposite eachoth- ^ily as if she had boon provided with rr, ui that hearth w'*ere Lady Lash- Medea's fiery chariot and from Ait, 01 ii tad sat and bro 'ded in her lone- when the weather grew colder they
went on to Montreux and from Mont-
PROLOGUE
as to product circumstantial evidence in imbllc houses and club rooms were | in proof of that authorship, repeated in detail—a hundred and fifteen witnesses
GToes^erainined—the men were
1'here spoke the true women. And
^ wan a	the
Firstly, th«- Ixw.k was produced by I Restaurant on t hr 'I h.i mr*s Kmh.nk- f hfl manager was susceptible to u**ie examined and I Mr. Kestorios’s publisher Seeondiy,ItI mont went Into his luxurious private bar * tie influence, as she had ocoa-
r*" h#d leaked out that the	hI.uI	J1. < v i n g d o n e
re s began been lent to Mr. Nestorius. Thirdly. L* he first	ref iw-
1<> tun oi the great l*unelxrook arson nobody less accomplished,—of	less all-	lively, and then took a letter from	appeared upon	the scene, and t«»k	up
(4Me, and the result was nil.	round cleverness—could have	written	the drawer in whioh it had reposed	a position	just	inside tb* doorway,	as
Ho the great Uaueb.ook works|,uch a book.	I f<* mere than two months and ,» K he were afraid of injuring tLe car-
There was, however, a small section I Ui d it carefully Though he w.ls not het hy riming far thex. told. Lady Carmlnow decisively refus-1 0f the reading public—chiefly	women	aware of it this was the thirtieth	" I* No.	22 inady, Williamsf
td to rebuild or to hfrü-r anythin more | -who knew by fine Instinct that tbU | time l„. had read it tine* breakfn«t1	*
about iron
The manager of the new
good-natured Mrs
sion to know
not so well,” to
At thin juncture the head waiter
as rap-
il
came to tin end like a tale that is
1
lines-, tut night. ‘ !
H*Wew in his oliair between them, end three sat there for an hour, talking of the future, perfectly happy , nd at «Mise. And than he bade his ar end hi* betrothed good-night,
r<ut to BeIIagio, and thence to Flop
BBC 6.
Quite ready, sir. The wins Is cm
story of passionate unrequited love ! that, morning. And yet he wa.s not the ice, and cook tells me he'll be Nf 1 could Iw. gtaieiul to those! could have been written only by a L whit nearer understanding it than ready to dish punctual to the mo-wretches for anything it would l>e for woman, since only to woman is Love he had been at the beginning. He ment." i lus fire," she said wit h her grand I the Ojm Tiling Needful.
From her Italian retreat the sultana of the Da ne brook iron works held occasional communication with her vassals through her grand vizier, the manager of the works, whom a be re-
The letter says 'no electric light;
m«>
wif ti * k ss aad a benediction for each
turned it over and scrutinized the
buck, where not a sign of writing was candles with red shades.' Have yom put to Iw seen ; he held it up to the win- on those shades 1 got this morning f1 clow, us if he might hope to discover "Just seen it done this very min* something, from (he water -mark ; in' ute, eLr."
The engines of a fiiret-cLaas man-of-1 there was evidently nothing in either of	thee# places of a nature calcul-	er thing." He took the letter from
A racehorse galloping at	full speed	tied	to set his troubled mind at rest,	him chief bookkeeper's hand, and
Victorian and Stella were married I ( l*‘ars ^rom	2Ut. at every Then, though he bad a clock upon him glanced at It. " Ah ye#, a porcelain
mantelpiece in g<x>d working order, he saucer, and a small Jug of new milk ter,I he	season of primroses and	hedge-	^Il,y B1X l*'rsoa8 out	of 1,000 live to	took	a magnificent repeater watch	upon the mantlepieoe. An eatraordin-
row violets	and	wood	anemones. Never	^ 8tiV V!11 y-ftve years	o.d,	ami only	from	hi* waistcoat pocket and g lamed	ary request, but has it been attend-
ons reaches the century
The End.
It's such a comfort to think I
air
H< «ookjid in ttf the drawing-room, wb '(£ the very same scandal was still
In tone* of deeper 1	:ill<* pig-headed parson, with
am no longer in trade and that 1 shall never again have my carriage block-
garded aa a particularly troublesome
NUGGETS OF KNOWLEDGE
ed by a hideous procession of grimy ty ; and then he went back to 11 l*ls,uim f(>r giving unnecessary and wagons with my name painted upon th ptfiiard-rnom and made believe to V‘n *n*P«Hinent advice.	them.
havs sen mi sent only ten minutes or * ® l*t,‘ ‘l a ,u^p Wflf to take any
notice of anything he says," she ol>-
Zl

And let me see, there wac one çt h»
i
war cost al>out £175,000



io.
served to one of her friends, a civil

bound.
in Easter week. It was an early Eas-
i te Sod hosts were all gone by mgincer, with whom, ax a practical
la? rd U the week, each to his or man, she sometimes discussed the pros-
emnl destinies. La hour to make *>ec,s of tIl° *run ^ade.
Hut may not lus sdvioe 1% worth
a
at the dial ; the hands stood at half- #d to 1"
was there a quieter wedding, seldom & prettier one, according to the few spectators, who were all rapturous about it afterward.
Stella was given away by her future mother-in-law, who had all the imperial grace of a portrait by Sir Joshua Reynolds, clad in white-samite Anglic#, in a large white velvet mantle bordered with white fox, and
a
uyntxi who were soon to exercise /elective functions and to reh whig or tory, as the tide of popu-inion flowed this way or that. If /was to come back for a week at ( nstinas; and then he was to .Vay again and appear no more till 1 j frame in the season of woodland jd 6*<»<!a and budding hedges to rl m his bride. Lady Laabuiar had Fi wlsted that he should wait six n nths. lie was to give himself this n ufth time in which to lie sure of bim-n if and his own feelings, and he was to give her this much time in which < like heu* new daughter to her •‘art.
in the endeavor tu eniight-rent qmm of the washed and 1 ^king once in u way ! ' suggested
this gentleman, "were it only as the
it is a strange fact that the right I hand, wh.ch Ls more sensitive to the
" I put it there myself, sir.** Who wait T"
He immediately threw
the latter on the table, and as he touch lham the Left, is less sensitive I did his Mxietj fouud relief than the latter to the effect of heat | words, or cold.
seven.
en th
a
" Jones, Edmunds, Brooks, and Tomkins."
It’s really the most extraordinary " Very good. Then I think that will London, England consumes eleven affa[r iever had to do with," he re- do. Stay ! you had better tell the hall
tons of salt daily.	I marked to the placid face of the clock porter to look out for three gentle-
above mentioned
in
exception which proves the rule?”
" Oh, if I were once to give way to his ideas 1 should never again lie mistress of my own property. I believe he is a very worthy person and that he understands the iron trade ; but he is a horrid radical. The very air of Brumin is Infected with revolution."
In the face of this calm and sweet-tempered obstinacy the manager could do nothing. Vainlyglid he write his views upon the necessity of marching in the van rather than in the
rear "f I‘iogress. Vainly did he inform her ladyship of increasing signs though Stella looked lovely in her slm-
of disaffection and ill-will among pie white cashmere gown and fox fur
Li
The engine of an express train consumes twelve gallons of water for each mtue travelled.
go
And as I’ve been ®en presenting plain visiting cards, in the business just three-and-thirty "d'h a little rod spot on them years .at eleven a.m., next Monday Brooks wait in the hall and when they
arrive tell him to show them straight
Lei
a, white velvet bonnet with ostrich fee the re. The tall, thin figure, silvery hair, and Mario Antionotte countenance were wondrously set off by that white velvet and fur. It was said that the dowager was a more interesting figure than til's bride, al-
The freest garden hedges in Eng and are at Hall Haro, in Buckinghamshire. They are over 30ft. h gh, are im-me-seely thnrk, and are clipped eu as to present the sznouLh, velvety ap-pmranoe peculiar to the fuiest yew and box hedges.
A statistician has made the notable calculation that In a programme of twenty waltzes, four polkas, and two quadrilles a dancer would cover close upon twelve in,les. That in not a bad distance fur an evening a amusement.
In Denmark a respectable aged person over sixty, who has never been convicted of crime, and has for the U*n years previous never received _ | poor relief, ia either admitted into an a imho use or rece.ves in Copenhagen £6 lVsu a year, or m a trading town £7 las., or iin a village £3 ils. lud.
Paris is said to be the cleanest city in the world. Every morning 2,000 male and 600 female scavengers, divided uito 140 urigades, turn out to perform the toilet of the capital. They work from four In the morning lid four in tiie evening, leas two ' off for meals, or ten hours a day. The women are engaged in the morning
morning, 1 ought to know .something about it. 1 only hope I’ve done °P	room."
It shall be dona, sir."
right, that's all.'
The head -waiter left the room.an#
Aa he spuke, 1 he chief bookkeeper, who had the treble advantage of be- the manager stretched himself in hil lug tall, pretty and just eiglit-and- chair, yawned by way of showing twenty years of age, entered the tils importance, and then said, sol-room. She noticed the open letter and &mnly.
her nr my of workers ; vainly warn her jacket and little white tuque, dressed of the peril of her fortune involved ready to start on her honeymoon jour-in this question. Lady Carminow was uvy to the land of Don Quixote,where as obstinate as (George III. in his Lashmar was to take her in search of treatment of America, and the result a grandfather and pedigree.
lie hail shown her the copies of hex mother’s letters and they had planned this Spanish journey together. He was to take her to all tlm fair-
I don't believe they'll any of
the look u|kjii her chief's face, and her curiosity was proportionately excited. th-emi turn up; but if they do, this
Dr. Nik .la, whoever he may be, won't
" 1 want her to grow to me ; T want er to be verily as my daughter before MU give her the right to call me not her," she said ; " and when once here is this bond of love between us neither yuu nor she ahull ever have cause to dread the influence of the •'rowsrbial mother-in-law."
“ I have no fear of that mother. I «enow how noble you are, and that vhen onto you have accepted a post don—"
" You seem worried, Mr. McPher-«m,” she sai-d teruieriy, as she put down the papers she had brought in for his signature.
" You have just hit it," Misa O'Sullivan,” he answered, pushing them farther on to the table
be able to find fault with my arrangé-manta."
To be Continued.
was somewhat similar
One winter midnight the city of
TRYING ON GLOVES
lam wor-
B amm was sewed by such » confia g
t ration as had not been seen under v*Mt spots in that romantic land, all that murky sky for more than half , scenes richest in historical associa a century. The great Danebrook iron lions, and cities rich in treasures of works and all their dependencies—mo- a,tî an<i it was only as it were on del dwelling house, clerk's offices, passant that they were to hunt for
stables—were burning, *he traces of her parent go.
They were saved all trouble upon
the neighborhood could this score, for within a fortnight of
Trying on gloves for ordinary weak is an operation that commands little
rickl abmit many things, but particu

larly about this letter."
He handed the epistle to her, and time and attention from the shopper.
So long as the glove looks well wheB
she, being desirous of impressing him with her business capabilities, read it with ostentatious care. Hut it was noticeable that when she reached the signature she too turned back to the beginning, and then deliberately read it <,ver again. The manager rose,
I shall perform the duties of that
it is on the hand the method of gaining this pleasing result is of minor importance. Yet gloves would wear and retain their shape and general appearance much longer if a little care were expended in the beginning. Each i* çj| in the putting on of a glove ha<? its o . n ape "hi significance, and the final result d*[*iios altogether upon them.
It is much belie; uot to do the first trying on alone, for two hands are needed to smooth the kid skilfully into place. If the fingers of the glove are crooked and wrinkled in the
position. Yes, Victorian; but in this
instance I hope to render sometning inure than duty."
Lady Lash mar had a month of ser-'vu.- ulnvss du g lvr^Ri s .erne, throughout wbiclr Stella nursed her the might of that gigantic oonfl.igra- Spanish letter addressed to his town
forwarded to on
storehouses,
of fire engines which
and no* pow uinra or _
muster could in anywise avail against their marriage Lash mar received a
with unwearying patience and cure; tion
md day by day and hour by hour the bond grew closer between them, and different places almost simultané- Jt was from a lawyer in Madrid,w ho
ihe proud, reserved nature opened its ously. No one could doubt that there wrote to inquire whether the lady
had been deliberate and elaborately whom he had married was Joaathan
hours I	io the mantel-xmie. and rang
for the head waiter. Having relieved his feelings in this way, he seated
travels
The fire had broken out in a dozen
f
himself again at his writing-table,put on his glasses, and stared at his
on, y
•r ea uro house of tender feeling
" Ah, Stella, my Stell i.	you have giv-	plotted arson; and	the traces of that	B ildvoed daughter,	by	his marriage
crime were found afterward in several	with a Spanish lady,	or	whether she
f,'> murmured	the dowager	directions, while it	was also discover-	was Ihe offspring of	a prior or sub-
ke dee if night, when Stella	ed n«.it onè of the	conspira tore, just	' <u ‘11 J;i !
had bu<-i/ silting for hours beside tier a little less ruthless than his fellows, the sole offspring of Jonathan Bold-After all, love is the one had sent an anonymous scrawl to the wood's marriage with a young Span-timig needful for us poor mortals in head stable-kt-e^r, warning him to get bh lady, whotm ho carried off fiom arthly pilgrimage—the one star his horses out of the way soon after Madrid and was supposed to have
to uitle us through earth’s dark laby- dark that evening. This message the married at St.-Mart in’s-in-the Fields]
In August, ;8G~, the said daughter
was sole heiress to Don Xavier Olivarez
The mileage of the blood circulation reveals some asiomabmg facts in our persona, h story. Thus it has been calculated that, asauuung the heart to beat sixty-wine times a minute at ordinary heart pressure, the b-ootl goes at the rate of 207 yards Ln the m.nute, or seven miles per hour, lue miles por day, and (il,«LU miles per year, if a man of egüty-four yearrs of age could have one smgle blood corpuscle floating lu hm blood ail his life, it would have travelled in that same Line o,15U,titiU mTes.
companion, while waiting for her tc speak.

*n me new h^jpes and new joys in spite * of myself once, in t
"It’8 T8ry funny " “h9 9aid at '«"*0, first putting on their shape will neve, seeing that she was expected to say ^ regained
something. " Very funny indeed !”
" It’s the most extraordinary
munication I have ever received,” he
If she were indeed
First the glove to folded below the base of the fingers, and stretched across the knuckles of the closed ha nd

corn-
replied with conviction. "You see it is written from Cuyaba Brazil. The date to three months ago to-day. Now I have taken the trouble to find out where and what Cuyaba to."
ou
This is to ascertain the size, though for greater exactness a small
stable-keeper had brooded over for
Tint h—and in loving cue another we Warn to love our Go ^ who has told us th it lie is love—"
“ Dear Lady Las hiiar—"
"Call me mother ; never again by âiiy colder name."
“ Dear mother, you have filled my life with gludneai. I never could have
steel tape line to sometimes use!
h>urs, and obeyed only just in time
to save his stud of magnificent cart-| merchant, who had lately died intestate, and who had left papers relat-
Always be careful about the length of the fingers, for nothing spoils the He made this confession with an air	appearance	of	a	gloved	hand
It is an erroneous notion	very pie-	I conscious pride and having done	more quickly	than	fingers	that
voient Uiat death-warrants are s gn- l&M himself back in hie chair, wrinkle ed by Queen Victoria herself.	When	sluck his thumbs into the arm-boles	showing
the judge pasaes sentence	of	death	^ bto Waistcoat, and looked at his	spare in the	length


h >r 'PS from perishing in the flames The loss to Lady Car mi now was com- ing to his daughter's elopement, and
pnted at nearly a million. Mr. Dane- letters written by him to her, in the brook had been his own insurer. The care of the writer, his legal adviser, only policies upon the whole establish- I Lashmar answered the letter in per-

from
room
tip to base, and room to
Quito as ugly
eaving the I fa*r subordinate for approval Nor was » fault is the finger that to too short, calendar I be destined to be disappointed. He t°r then the whole hand to squeezed;
was a bachelor in possession of a snug thn first button comes too far up on income, and she, besides being a prêt- the palm, and the effect is decidedly
son, taking his bride with him. The Spaniard was an elderly man, and remembered Stella's mother.
I
upon a prisoner, before ! room he writes on the
A N H 0 if J 'Ù- !i \	L:i Km	" There Is no doubt as to your lady1»
n	(¦ a m	parentage,"’ he said. " She carries the
)	d W 1 n	1 jjvi |i3a	proof of it in . her face. But there
1	L if B LütJ Gi*” U J B Cuts will be legal formalities to be gone
of Disease is
against the name of the doomed in
dividuai; "Let execution be done, and the execution takes p-aca on the | ^ vvoman, was a lady with a keen *,!i1 ! tistic, it is something e.se, too—
eye to the main chance
uncomfortable for the wearer

So be
And where to Cuyaba ? ’ she asked, sure 1° ***> that the clerk supplies you
with a glove that allows the hand
day named unùese a respite is grant

ed
humbly
"Cuyuba,” he replied, rolling his Ple,lt> o£ loum a,ld Permits you to k.ep
tongue with considerable relish round a firm hold 00 y(,ur P“r*> or umbrella
and gives you a steady grip of the
handrail of the street car.
Though the bankrupt is so common among us nowadays, few know
in various forms of investment, partly in vineyards and other landed pro- | ukencc he derived h.s unenvlab.e cog
nomi'U. it to among the most la
i
his unconscious mispronunciation of the naine, ' is a town almost on the
\
I Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills.
perty, and partly in stocks and shares."
tej-esti'Dg of words with histories Lombards, money-changers of Ven ce, wes^ern <>r Bolivian border of Bragil.
It is of moderate size, is >ii u i ted on
With the thumb kept out for the last, have the fingers fitted on first the banks of the river Cuyaba, and is and worked gently down from th*
for bench. When one of the money- (X>n8i<ierably connected with the fa-m- front aod back; Never PUtih lDe K changers defaulted, the others fell to I OU8 Breiiliau Diamond Fields."	down between ihe fingers; if there to
and broke his bench in little pieces. " And does the writer of this letter ever a difference in the weight of the Afterwards he was known as "banco- j[ve there?"	' material it is there that the thin met
Eudf	•'X Cannot „y. He write, from	«• placed.
rupL"	I there—that to enough for us."
" And he orders dinner fur four— |®d down pull the wrist of the glove here, in a private room overlooking up and slip the thumb in. This iss the river, three months ahead—punc- |much» easier way than trying to put tually at eight o'clock gives you a !the whole band in at once.	,
list off the things he wants, and even The thumb to worked down In the
---------- The formalities which appeared to
Wh. to it th it fa n«airly every of all thqy not merely afford relief be necessary to complete the identify fa the land you find some of but sti • deeper and make t < rough fiction of the inheritrix lasted Dr. Chase’s	lasting cures.
fe&i	li k	&E I	¦
Fee's Kidney-Liver	Pills are kept	and	liter disetec and pains in	my back,
' tlie family modloin	boat as ladle-	un :	no s' « ch	. that	old barrack in	Grosvenor square,’
æ»- S, SEEE	s :
everest cajSe and proven to be of to 138 pounr s.
¦¦ iver, inactive kidneys and irregular forrec
rowels are the cause of at least seven The chance# are that your neighbors paths of human ills. Dr. Chase's have used Dr. Chase s Kidney-Liver t dney-Llver Pills invigorate these PilU. Aek them. One pill a doe*, 21 Irgana as no other preparation was cents a box, at all dealer*, or BdmsB» ker known to do; and what is best eon, Bates and Oo., Toronto.
r
eat on benobes round about the _ ! tplaza of St. Mark’s. Banco to Italian
near
ly six faon the ; and at the end of
uvts

"It’s more than enough to renovate
When the fingers are well smooth*
i
ciety

" And to buy an annuity for dear
Mr. Varner, so that he may feel quite
independent,"’ added Stella.
Gabriel Verner had been brought back to bis old room|s in the castle
since Stella’s marriage and reinstated in his post of librarian, with power to add from time to time to that magnificent collection of old books which had made Lashznar castle famous.
Lady Lashmar’s novel was published anonymously a few weeks after her marriage and more than justified the opinion of the publisher’s reader and the admiration of that still fin-
arranges the decoration of the table, same way with a gentle movement, Says he has never seen either of his md at the same time the creases of three friends before ; that one of them the outside edge of the glove are rub-hails from, here she consulted the let- bed toward the wrist. This brings the ter again, Hang-chow, another from glove over the hand and allows fasten-

A
?


Bloemfontein, while the third resides, |ing without any strain on the buttons at present, in England. Each one is to

In taking off the glove never begin present an ordinary visiting card with at the finger ends, as that stretches a red dot on it to the porter in the them. Turn the glove over at the wrist hall, and to be shown to the room at tud pull gently, as if peeling it off, once. I don’t understand it at all.” for this keeps the shape much better.
The manager paused for a moment, After the glove is removed from the end then said deliberately
n

m.


lt OBI
critic Mr. Nestorius.
It was the book of the season, a book which a great many people read, and
everybody	:1C
who had only read the reviews natur- : match, giving an Impression of light I to be sure, Mr. McPhersok I I never I after which wrap them in tissue paper
fur hat is trimmed with loops of tend-1 can think how you manage to carry | with a few folds between to keep
«hem soft and fresh.
hand turn it right side out, smooth* " Hang-chow is in China, Bloemfon- |ing and straightening the fingers into
place. Blow in them very gently, and What a wonderful ma»» you are, I then Let them air for a few moment*
Large capeline of beaver felt trim- tein is in South Africa."
to
ally talking loudest The freshness of the style, with Its, er pastel blue velvet.
ao much in your head,"
/
i
/
J
###PAGE###8###

r-r
-

'




%
%
V




f ' -
> - r-r*


. >
/
\
%
\

\
- -•
r
X

I
r
\
Boots,
Rubbers,
\
Winter T rade.
U KNOW U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
Moccasins,
Overshoes and Felt Goods.

Elections are over and now people realize that winter is almost on.
Why wait until the rush is on? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order now with us.
S
WOOLLENS and FURS are real necessities.
4
We have a select stock Men’s Cloth and Knitted Top '' Shirts.
I
Bibbed and Fleece Lined UnderV wear.	> |
Egan ville Mill’s all Wool White Blankets.
We are now ready with a new, full and well assorted stock of fall and winter Footwear, which we will sell at the lowest possible price. Call and inspect before you buy elsewhere.
A. R. IV|cGUIRE,
THE TAILOR.

>1
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE, - - - QUE.
To the Independent Electors of the County of Pontiac :
LOCAL NEWS.
>

The official count places Mr, Murray's majority at 181.

\

Gentlemen :—Quite unexpectedly and very unconstitution-The attention of our reader, i» directed I ally—as we learn from the Hon. Mr. Flynn’s splendid mani-
of on, " "* r',a 111 U 'M l"8e ; f'esto—the Provincial Elections have been sprung on us, and _ _	,	,
Rev. t. N. Lcmoyne, late of Gowo. yielding to the wish of true and loyal friends, who nothing |M6I1 S FllT COBlS, LadieS AS-Pomt, has aasumwi charge of tho R. c. daunted, despite my recent defeat, and having resolved to rS;lately preyed over by Rev. u. ! stake their political credit on my success, I have consented
once more to come to the front for active service. This re-
town.Howard!"join.'th! newed proof of confidence should make the coldest heart Benedictine ranks. Liis bride" will bv throb with pride, so 1 long all the more for victory, not more
Mias R ie, of Biys »n. VnngratuUtioiis and for my QWll sake than for tlieil’s.
\ieaps vf good w shea friend Alfie.	*
Gentlemen, many of you are aware of the unfair means used against me in the late contest. Will you permit a re-
I only ask for British fair play in That boon it is in your power to give, and I am quite confident you will not withhold it.
You know my politics—I need not enlarge on them ; but I may say my chief aim (if successful) shall be to promote the interests of the county and to develop her resources, whether in the woods, in the mine or on the farm ; and with this end
I shall support all good measures, irrespective of
Horse Blankets and Linings,
a
v
\r
Pontiac Pad Junction By.
o
trachan Jackets, Men’s Fur Caps, Ladies’ Gauntlets, (black and grey), Double and Twisted Yarns, Kerseys, Canadian Tweeds, &c., &c.
Official Time Table :
AM.
Arrive 9 45 “	9.21
Aylmer tBreekenrtdge r Eardley Parker’s Crossing f Mohrs Quyon Wyman's tTank Bristol McKee’s Shawvllle Clark’s
Campbell's Bay tTank V Vinton Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
•Flag Station. tTank. VFlag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
5.45 Leave
#00 “
9.06
«•
• •
#.12
• I
8 56
«.18
II
6.50
#26

I «
i
««
8.40
6.37
8.22
8.47
H
• «
8.14
6.56
••
« •
«•
6.58
.1
8.06
8.02
7.04
««
t<
Mr. George C rawford, sr.t of Coulonge river, a man well-known to the public travelling up and down the Coulonge CUrreUCO of SUCH taCtlCS ( river, died on Saturday last from pueu- r. BpLl monia. His remains were interred in the 1	*
Leslie burial ground.
•*
•«
7.52
7.26
7.31
it
h
7.45
7.18
8.00
ti

7.10
8.03
it
•i
7.00
8.12
11
it
0 54
8.30
«ê
• •
6.39
•.47
M
l •
Leave 6.30
8.55 Arrive

Rev. Mr. Back has resigned the Presbyterian parish of Portage du Fort.
Starke's and Shawville, to accept a call from a congregation near Toronto. In view of his departure from this section t\H* congregation on Tuesday last present- i jfi view ed the rev. gentleman with a substantial |	.
su/n of money, accompanied by a suit-jP“*V* able address. The Equity joins with Mr. and Mrs. Hack"s many friends in wishing them success and continued happiness in their new held of labor.
E. HODGINS & SON
P. W. RESSEMA N,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT


:
Electors : do you wish to be represented in both Legisla-1__________________________
tures by aliens ? Have you considered the fact that by such j
a choice you are reflecting discredit on yourselves and your	!
homes, by making it appear to the Dominion that Pontiac has not a man worthy of your confidence ! My gifts and talents are few, but such as they are I place them at the service of the county.
As the time is very short, my friends will readily understand that it will be impossible for me to see them all before polling day. I can therefore only hope that they will interest themselves in having our organization made perfect in opened tonight I their respective localities, and that every effort will be put
forth to have all our friends early at the polls on the 7th of
OTTAffA&GATINEAOM
1.
I

Fall and winter Time Table
During the terrifie gales last Wedncs day which are reported to have wrought much damage throughout the country, a very sail accident occurred at Ottawa. Two men named David Moudie and Win. Vrudhotnnv were working in a temporary blacksmith erected against an old stone wall in the burnt district at the Chaudière, when the high wind blew down the wall, which fell on the blacksmith -shop, and fhvHviVinerr wew crashed" to death. An inquest was and adjourned.
Taking effect Nov. 26, 1!»00
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa Nos. 1 ami 2 daily except Sunday.
We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best
satisfaction In returns, anti fl.ouaqp?Licli will
enable you to carry off prizes i l hi jad competition at the county fair every time.
Wo can sell you at lowest prices Flour, Grain,
Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
i*r FULL STOCK ALWAYS ON HAND.
4.00 p.m 10 25 am

t
For tickets and further Information apply to Central Chambers, Ottawa.
P. \V. RKSSEMaN, Uen'l Sup't.
N
CANADA flLUflC
Died, from heart failure at Bristol December Ridge, on 15th Nov., 1900, after a lingering illness. Eliza Ann Rennivk, second
RAILffAY
And now, gentlemen, I ask you in your own interest and
daughter of John Rennick, Esqr., of Bii-0f the eounty to use all your influence to elect a man
lenca, and wife of Mr. Robert John n	.___ a. r\ i	111111
Lucas. The deceased s sorrowing hus- i ffOlll yOUF lYlidst tO TCpiCSGllt yOU (jUCuCC, clllu 1101(1 Old
band and friends have the deep symiwthy Pontiac free from entire outside representation.
of the community in their bereavement.	T	.
Blest are the Souls that hear and know	I have the honor to be, gentlemen,
PmIc* shaiTattin'd^hepath they go, I	Your obedient servant,
And light their steps surround.
I
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT, Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
JAS. GRAHAM,
\

On and after Oct. 14th and until further advised train service will lie as follows :
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:- , a 6.10 a, m. - Local-stops at all intermediate sta- General Keport of Green Lake
a,	Cheese Factory for 1900.
at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west. f ^	— —
09.00	A.M , Limited, arrives Montreal 11 20 a.in.. ,!,0^1! 810011,1 ' Ofmilk. 4119,245 lbs.
making close connections with I. C. Ry. Maritime	lotal amount of cheese, 48,067 lbs.
Express for Quebec, Halifax, and all intermediate	Amount to make II). cheese, 10 1-4 lbs.
points east. Pullman Parlor Car attached.	Price per lb. cheese, lOcts.
18.00	A.M. Sundays only—Stops at intermediate	Price ucr cwt. milk, 7f> 78 cts.
rations. Arrives Montreal 11.00 a.m. Pullman H. W. IiODGINs.
‘arlor Car attached.	I	Auditor.
afl.HO P. M„ Limited—Stops Glen Robereson, only. I Shttwville, Nov. 24.
Arrives Montreal 6 40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Car | attached. Connects with trains for Portland and all points east of Montreal. For Valley Meld and all points south of the St. Lawrence River, St. ,	T,
Albans- Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7 00 a. EDITOR EQUITY.
m New York 7.20 a.m. Has through Buttet Sleep- Dear Sir—We hear much about t he ing Car. Ottawa to New Yoik.	great amount of good Mr. Gillies does for
nfc.40 P. M. Local-Stops at Intermediate stations the farmers of this county by buying their Arrives Montreal 10,00 p.m. Connects at Coteau | oats and liaV.
Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, Chicago etc.
GERALD H. BRABAZON.
Potkaôe du Fort, Noveml>er 20, 1900.
Furniture Dealer s»d U ndertaker. \.
Clarendon School, No. 13 Grade IV. lambs lately, and there has been quite a —l.Mny Hobin ; 2, Laura Hobin ; 3, Lila I competition as to prices.
L sKmlltaflVHerb* Riclmrdson":	MmlrwinCalumet Island, is here on
3, Percy Smith ;4,SilasLaughren. Grade a Vl8,t t0 friends.
II—1, Ferdn Ralph ; 2. John Elliott ; 3, Messrs Jos. Hill, R. Crawford and W. Cecilia Horner. Primer II—1, Roy Ham Prior, of Thorn by, were here Friday, il ton ; 2, GeorginaMurphy: 3, Rowland Mr. Budd, of Renfrew, was here buy
Willie EllloS;^ M™yrRaVph™l Loyd ! “J{ *hii webk and 8Cenled 10
Elliott & Harry Smith equal : 4, Gordon Q11"0 a.lot-	.
Elliott;5, Clarence Jones. Attendance Hoping Mr. Editor that you enjoyed
Lila Murphy, Mart Ralph, Emily Horner, year holiday.
John Elliott. Herbie Richardson, Willie
J. G. Steven, Teacher.
SUCCESSOR TO
CUTHBERTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT.
Main Street - (Opposite G. F. Hodgins’) • Shawville.
T. E. Armstro.no, Secretary.

—O—
m ¦ ¦ »
A first-class stock of Furniture of all kinds now on hand, including some special bargains in Lounges and Parlor Suites. \
UNDERTAKING CALLS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
Sans CEREMONIE
1
Elliott, equal.


GREERMOUNT.
Have the farmers ever thought over what he does foi them f
iSBSS IHISIgi|È=™2
< 9.05 P. M. Local-Frmu Montreal, and Inter- cents per bus., $2.30. This item would not her of friends and acquaintances. Supper	g
mediate points, Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto, be required if horses were at home.	was afterwards pertaken of at the home of
and points \v«t Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving On th » other hand, if we sell Our oats in the bride s parents and the evening was Montreal at 5,VJ,p. m.	Shawville at 23 cents per bushel, we would spent in a round of social enjoyment. The
a 6.35 P; M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at save 10 bushels. That added to 00 bushels Equity joins in wishing the young couple is able to walk now with the aid of a cane. i.IO p.m: Has Pullman Parlor Car.	I would give us 70 bushels to sell at 23 A happy and prosperous future.	Mrs. J. L. Flannagan is visiting her
cents which would be *UU0. Now, $25.20	_*_ sister Mrs. R. Kenny in Campbells Bay.
. ,	W°7RLAKT 7%
irain*leave Ottawa central Depot.	$10.10, is what Mr. Gillies pays the farmer Word was received here ui th L-h of days ngo at his stopping place on the
8 15 A. M. For Arnprior. Renfrew. Eganville. Pern- for nine days work of himself and team, the death of Mr. George Crawford, of Coulonge Road
1.00 P. M; Mixed Train for Arnnrior, Renfrew, not a great benefactor of the farmer# ^ Huer ne liven on nis farm at four years old and was the largest seen in Eganville, Madawaakaand intermediate stations. Think of 43 cents a day for ourselves and Thornby. The body is expected here to the80 parta for a number of years ¦
fans— s eeh| i !	r hehh™
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES	Thorne Farmer. | of men for Fraser on Tuesday, came down
___^___ Friday and reports a lot of damage on I Bishop Mill, co adjutor of Ontario, ham
^	I the Coulonge road from the cyclone, been initiated a full member of the Mo-
A third paper has made its appearance Shingles, fences and a roof or two hawk tribe of Indians, near Brock ville, in Carleton Place, called the “Budget around here were tossed about merrily They have given his Lordship the name Bulletin.” Its particular mission ia not for a while.	of “ Shoe rih-ho wa-neh,” the man with
very clearly defined.	j Several parties have been here baying [large words.
7


Stray Cow.
LooK out for
Strayed on to my premises about 5th Miss Charlotte McLeary has also re-1 November, a red and white cow. Owner
may have the same by paying expenses.
ALEX SMILEY, Radford P. O.
BARGAINS
turned homo.
Mr. Thoe. Da’e’a limb is improving he
IN MILLINERY
All through the Season. * .
As my stock is large and well selected*^
I am able to suit all customers in style X and price, and I know it will be to ' your advantage to call before you purchase elsewhere.
Thanking the ladies of Shawville and sur- w » rounding country for their pa*£ favors.
«1rs. T. HIcWILLI/MS.
X
nr

.
Z
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
Bristol Wharf
FERRY
CHANCE OF TIME.
gned having had two years' ferrying passengers bet ween and Band Point will con-
Theundersi I experience in Bristol
tinue to do so this season as follows ;
Leave Bristol W^arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a-m., and 4.00, p.m.
Public Notice.
The taxpayers of the village of Shawville are hereby notified that inasmuch there are numerous large bills coming d which must be provided for It is therefore expedient that all taxes be paid into the hands of the Secretary-Treasurer on or before the 15th day of December. JM Shawville this 20th day of November,
J. R. HORNER,
Sec.-Treasurer,
as
Leave Sand Point
ue
Central Depot, Russell House Block
on
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 8.42, p.m.,
Tickets to Europe and all parts of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's tears.
s Trains ran daily except Sunday.
L. Suaù'f oily, c. Daily,
Meeting all Trains.
Given at
CEORCE BALLANTINE,
Ferryman.
1900.
4



x

1
\

