###PAGE###1###
7

y
î
v.


i
i
t
<

(
l
Vol XVI, No. 19.
SIIAWVILLE, Co, PONTIAC, P. Q., THURSDAY,
WM. GAMBLE,
NOV. 3.	1898.
I»..».ï£f*.cft,.ïïi°.!._____
“THE EQUITY”
GuQt,|rjf)et and ammunition.
The m<3mher* of L. O L , No. 34, will hold a ehooting match on Saturday, Nov. 6th.
Dr. Harper visited the Academy Tuesday, but owing to the institution having been closed for two weak* on account of the diphtheria outbreak, he did not conduct the usual examination.
Y
executive were making a move in that direction which should receive the support of the people if they were anxious to have this change made.
After a word or two from Ven deacon Naylor which indicated hi* deep sympathy in the subject, Rev. Mr. Knox «poke briefly, expressive of his pleasure at being present, and at what be bad
J H. Shaw.
Flour?700 tFled Dowd,i “Hi«h Loaf”
Is issued from the office ofe Publication, Shaw ville every Thursday.
Subscription, 81.00 per Annum,
BARRISTER, fto.,
169 Main Street,.....
Hull»
At Shawvtlle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over Q. F. Hodgtns’ Store, Main HI.
on
Overcoats for men and boys: finest stock in town.
Arch-
Advertising rates made known on application.
J. H. Shaw.
BANK OF OTTAWA
Situ, Left—One trio White Wyandot tes, and one tria White Leghorns— Cheap.—R. Mitchell.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parte of the country.
our staff of teachers was entitled to much
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Head Office Ottawa Canada, Vf i u
EHEEEFiEEErr?"" "[i”p): lists»	-S".
money toaccompaiiy iheraammcrlptlnevery	Board of Directort:	* ’
Charles Magee, Esq., President.
George Hay, Esg.,Vice President.
_	,	... Bow. Gso. Brv*on. Jr.
Court Shawville, AL“' Eh« ¦
No. *76	Beknis Murphy. Ehq.
The promoters of the Ottawa Electric Railway may start a bank in direct opposition to the Bank of Ottawa.
Among the Hallow'een pranks that | credit were played on
J. A. COWANt Publisher.
Monday night was the Mr. J. T. I bit tison was of opinion that destruction of the flag pule recently erect- our educational system was not accrued at the School house. Is it possible [dishing results in the direction that we we nave those in our midst who could be I intended it should, guilty of such a mean, senseless, contemptible trick ?
John Mather, Bhq.. David Mai Lakes, Bmj.,
Mr. and Mrs. Thoa. Brownlee of A us
tm, Ç. 8., are at present visiting friends
General Manager. | m	Section.
(Loral) Manager
wm
Young people sought an education now-a-days in order that they might g livelihood by easier methods than t
GEORGE BURN,
D. M. FINN IE,
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.

t
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
The revival meettings are still being, .	,
spH ililiig
to 1 P.m.	I «r. A. J. Jackson h». juU completed	-----?  	gether too voluminous, and productive of
thepamting of the new exhibition hall,	Wedding Chimes	unprofitable results.
Ve'miston^UeeV,!'| OTTAWAt	(tlttl	|	building^
Special attention given to appointments made by mail.
am a their


L.B.C
Ion,
J. A. Cowan, R.8.
H. 6. Barnett, F.B
W. J. Fades, C. R.
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L. D. S., DM,
T.
meeting closed by a vote of thanks to the gentleman who had spoken, and to the executive committee, for the
At St. Paul’s Church on Wednesday,
M, A. 1 P.».,,. .lock dealer,	IS.
ped » car load of hone, from here on Lizzie, daughter of Mr. Alex. Elliott, all , Wednesday morning, 19th ult. It „ of Clarendon. On the same date, at an A large and varied aaaortment of veil- "a'd h* eecured "°me very fine animals, early hour in the morning, the Rev VV mg just arrived at Mas. McCkewe’s. | I he prices secured were not very high. | Knox united Mr. H. Prendergast and
We learn that Mr. Amy and family, I We notice in the Ottawa papers of last MlNS McDowell, of the same township, late of P. D. Fort, have safely reached	*%e announcement of the marriage Mr Frank McKee, of Glengyle,
their home in Jersey Isle, Ireland. 1 «>i Mr. lorn. Allen, (late of the London united in marriage to Misa Farrell of Men’, mitt, and Mocca.ina-lmmen.e « ""T'Z Misa O'Reilly. We extend Onslow, on Wednesday. The ceremony After the audience dispersed some of stock—all kinds.	| friend lom. our heartiest congratulations, was performed in P. D. Fort by Father the commîmioners, and others accoinpan-
.	Brunet.	7	ied by their wives, repaired to the Vt-n.
, A large and well assorted stock of bats, I	Archdeacon’s, where cake and coffee were
The P. D, Fort model school has been I 'eat“®*ja«*|,ig8j etc , just received at Mrs I A pleasing event took place at the home partaken of and an hour spent in pleasant
undergoing considerable improvements of ,a.!,1 j.fdie’s. Intending purchasers of Mr. R. McKenny, of North Onslow, social intercourse.
late, internally and externally.	j will do well to call early as they are going nn Wednesday October 19th, when his
naumn„ i a •	» « .	, i very ^ai)t	laughter, Alice, was united to Mr. N. Twelve Pinkerton detectives are em*
sX" L »’ A. Holland, o, .... Mon-	«. ES	"""" ““
shawville, from $20 up.	day night in town. He was here on huai of Quyon, Mr. L Richardaon performing
####31’MsMiÊ"-
W The Shawville Marble and Ganr	te‘
very
tasteful manner in which the hull was decorated for the occasion, after which the audience all joined heartily in singing the national anthem.
During the evening several musical selections were rendered by some of the local talent, and a song by Mrs. Mitchell of Mattawa.
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
C. C. STEWART,
PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON
(L.R.C.P. AND 8 , EDIN.)
OFFICE,
was
o
ELMSIDE, QUE
J. H. Shaw.
BODRBEAU RAINVILLE, L, L L
i
!
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Will attend all the Courts of the District, especially when required.
’
4
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.
Mr. James Robinson shipped three c ir loads of sheep from the station here on Saturday morning, numbering 600 in all.
Mr. Frank Galligher, who has been buying up stock extensively in this section during the past year, shipped a carload of sheep from here on Thursday, 20ih ult.
Com
Arthur McConnell.
attorney AT LAW, Main st. Hull, deWorks, Alex. McDonald, propriety r Que, will, atrequest.atteudallcourts turns out a superior class of work in Mon
In the district. All correspondence prompt* , ly answered.
Will be at dbawvllleflrst Thursday of each ®ble month.
A very pleasing event took place in the . Muthodist Church here on Wednesday,
¦¦	¦Fembroke,	Oct. 29—A young German	Got. 26th, at half past five a. m., it
uments, Headstones, etc.	Prices reason	| named L:dke fell asleep in the Albion	being the marriage of Miss Mary Theresa,
Hotel here on Wednesday and is asleep	eldest daughter of John McDowell to Mr.
Avery heavy	earthquake	passed	over I J6*’ He can say, “ > ee, or 44 No, '	Hugh Wilson Prendergast. The bride
. this section on Thursday	morning about	cannot °Pen h*8 ®yee or move in any	was assisted by her cousin, Miss Lizzie M.
CEO. C. WRIGHT and was heard by a	number of om	He has been removed to the hoe-	McDowell, while Mr. Wilson Dean of
----------  —	* I citizens. The shock was distinctly fdt Pltal-	Douglas, performed like duties for the
issue we noted that Miss 44 Gallity, " in Thursday afternoon while playing around MIoXU tu Hie «tation and took the train	J	^
Ottawa East, was held up	and choked by * tub of hot water. The child fell in. and	Ottawa fora day’s pleasure in the	Mr.	and Mrs.	Wm.	Shaw,	of	Navan,
_ I a tramp who wanted to	get the pocket	its body was so scalded that it died the	c,ty* 0,1 their return theX were met by	Ont, arrived	here on	Friday	evening	on
book. The young lady now turns out to	following evening.	a number of their friends and drove with	a few day’s visit to Mr. and Mr, H.
he a Miss Goullz, of Eganville who was	a	.	.	then» to the bride's home where a sump-	Hobbs. They returned home on Mol-
aæanufacturinu stationers, booksel Staying with a friend in Ottawa	A man went into a store	in one	of our	tuons repast awaited them. The bride	day morning.
sic mmmm tmÊÊmm
this case afforded a merciful deliverance I to rest, and as I see you don’t advertise, from the thraldom of pain and sufferin I know I couldn’t find a quieter place.”
, | so long endured.	„ | And with that he settled himself in his
44 I know of only ono city in this con- j chair and watched the swallows build a tinent where it is impossible to get a drink | nest in the cheese box.—Ex. on Sunday, ” said a gentleman in Ottawa one morning recently, who has lately returned from the Yukon, 44 and curious enough that is Dawson City. You cannot get a drink there on Sunday, no matter what inducement you offer. There respect for the law which at the present time seems to be almost a part of a man’s being there. ”
Personal.
Mr. Ernest Wilson is spending a few days with his father, Mr. Sam. Wilson, Green Lake.
Messrs. T. A. Corrigan and J. Steele, of Ottawa, spent last week visiting in this section.
72 MAIN ST. - HULL QUE.
Will attend Superior and Circuit Court at Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac^!>•«=-trict when required.
JA8. HOPE & Co.
Mr. J. Obalski, M. E , Inspector of mines for the Province of Quebec, in com-
Nearly every one who is an admirer I inspector for the District, Mr. George >V of shooting irons, is aruiing himself with a Parnialee, Secretary of the Protestant i ShâWViUC PfOdllCG QUOtcltiOIlS Snyder rifle these times. They are being Committee of the Council of Public Io-add by some of our merchants, who ar* | »truction; Dr. Harper, Inspector of Supe ()ata putting large numbers of them in stock. r*or Schools, \ en. Archdeacon Naylor, peaa They were formerly used by our militia, ^ev. ™ • Knox, and Mr. J. T. Prttisnn. Buckwheat, but were displaced last year by the	Da-	^r• Janies Hudgins occupied the chair.	gye
partment of Militia deciding to arm	our The °kjec* of the meeting was to evoke	g“r	ffresh )
soldiers with the Lee Enfield Martini rifle.	among the parents of children a deeper	^OQj
——	The	new	law	requiring	the	prepayment	The original price of the Snider rifle	was	an(* more lively interest in the subject of	t>	r
ways1 welUuinisbed.1 0D* Table and ti«ral- of lestage on newspapers mailed from the $26.00, but on account of being discarded	elennntnry education, with a view to	pork per 100
First-class Livkhy Attached	t-tiice of publication comes into effect on by the militia they can now bo bought	| raising the standard of our elementary	o ton
• he 1st of January next. It becomes with bayonet and twenty rounds of car	Hchools, by rendering it possible to pro-	Calfskins
more than ever imperative that tubscrip- tridge, complete for $3,50. Although be-	cure more efficient teachers for these
tions be paid in advance and that sub ing sold for this astonishingly low rate, j schools as well as providing for improve-cribers in arrears pay up before the close they are almost as good as new—in fact j men^8 ^ the schtxd buildings, their equip-of the year and start with a clear slate fur some of them have never been used	' ment and environment.
1899 Subscribers can materially assist Mp Wm R.	v n	, Mr; Farmalee spoke at considerable I	OTTAWA MARKETS.
^ | publishers to meet the demand for pie Mr* Wm	8	^ n the	cem“ length, and laid great stress on theneces-	-
payment of postal rates by promptly set- pter7 nuw I’rvsenta a very creditable ap 8ity of introducing these much needed The following are last Srturdaye quota, tling up and complying strictly with the Pearance; and 18 decidedly the prettiest	reforms, if our schools are to accomplish	tions on the Ottawa market :
pay in advance rule in fu*ure.	ÎY" m<)8 hRn‘,s'^J'e,y arranged of any in	the results that are expected of them.	Peas 50 to 60 cents.
Mri - e M ~	..	, ...	4	The lot which is l<x22 He pointed out that very much of the Oat,, 28 to 30c.
I. XiLK 55^pT'ST*»» ,'i:	RMST
hün$	ihn the UP,^rJeft myg,,: ‘n1d =»™pletely .urroundmg it l.U improvement in their school, and bet- Buckwheat, 40 to 45c.
«SES2» f" ffîJzsrsrssr a s yiüi«. iris % s s %
£?iSi.S’igSSUEXp1 Sitss.sruvast-
^S®.^teÇnS3ÊaSSââ3tSSs EHSTsT
Ml».1 end genU.blc,cleOept tor hire Engluh.	* th. purehawr. -	I study should be reduced, and that the | Hid.., rough, 6c ter pound]
11A1LIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, OFFICE Î —COURT ST., SHAWVILLE.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
All courts attended;
ô —
00 u 24 00 to 56
St. Lawrence Hall,
e • e e • e
is a
**#*#*#
e #
# e a #
30
»######*##*
..	37 to 40
Mrs C Me McLean,
Proprietress.
• • • •
• •
14
.... 16 to 18
..... 14 to 15
3.76 to 4.25 9.00 to 10.00
.....36 to 50
.	00 to 6 00
..	40 to 76
• • •
• e e e • e •
e e •
• • • e
PONTIAC HOUsp
Hides, dry Pelts.....
g





'"'iW Jfjs
»
mt
it


ry.
¦ ii
¦,nTiu
llll
Ill
HI
I H
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL, •
.. PaopaiKToa
see
t

###PAGE###2###
ïiflÔI3*p
¦¦H**! *¦¦¦*
¦¦¦P
sÜshM IHE^EHEl gfe- __. -
wwm mmmmmmà mmm
3= SS MS™
*ilEEil*|El* E#s=
mmWmm### ehei
£ji;H3S:= =^S™=®£Em =S.;ti - - -----
. u ,v should get her home. * Oh, Jake, hng kiss, and promised to he faithful bye, mother, g<>o<	><.
sL suddenly exclaimed, as towering evea though the manly form the lov- There were no tears in the mother s i woman, a native ! , V4. I he female heads, she saw her er bore away should come back to them eye8| nor in the sons', but in the breast neafj interpreted for the King rnInrad coachman looking for her, and an maimed and crushed and crippled Qf eacb there was a whirlpool of raging I	he was in good health, and d»<
remembered that her husband was to with the toil of war. Far better so waters, hurting far more than if they no^ complain of his treatment. During ..nd take her out to ride, " oh. th.in not to come at all. At least so had been suffered to overflow in tor- (he interview the King wore a white 7 'L .;ft this lady up. careful as you Annie Graham thought, as, winding rent8. K|i was the first to go for rol which hung from one shoulder *and out her* in our carriage. Is her arms around her husband’s neck, J()lm lingered am. ment. I here was and fell down to his feet on which will t here i Well, no matter, he 1 just sbe whispered to him :	something he would say, something Lvere sandals. The other shoulder
hive to get out. Stand back, won’t .. If the body you bring back has my which made him blush and stammer. whjrh the robe did not touch, was quite vou and let Jake come,” she continued, George’s heart within it, 1 shaU love "Mother," he began, "I saw Susan bare. The King is now, it seems, ft authoritatively to the group of ladies you jUHt the same as I do now, and lagt ni ht> We went to Squire Hard- Presbyterian, and regularly attends who half-amused, and half-surprised w^h her fair head lying on his bosom, . ,g together; and—and,—well, ‘taint the mission established near his house it this new phase in Hose Mather 8 I Annie wept piteously.	ÜO use opposing it now,—Susan and I ky the United Presbyterian body. »»«
character, ma<ie way for burly Jake, I Not till then had she realized what are one; and if I shouldn't come hack, had expressed much concern that he who lifted Annie’s light form as if it ht XViUS to let him go. She had become U good to her. for my »ike, Susan's I could not speak to the missionaries in had been a feather’s weight, and bore somewhat accustomed to thinking oi I ni(ip gir| mot her." and on the brown, their own language, it down the stairs, followed by Rose, it,—accustomed to see him pass in and beardpd cbeek, there was a tear, wrung The King is still fond of much cere-who with one breath, told Annie not out dressed in his stylish uniform, ^ ^ th mghts of only last night's monial, as showing the grandeur of Wilkie Collins left a missive among I ^ a bit afraid, for Jake certainly which made him look so handsome, and |jri(ie, Susan Ruggles, wh .se family the bis once regal power. In moving from his papers directing that when he died would not drop her, and with the next , ben she had hoped the regiment would widov^ djd not like, and had set herself his old quarters in the barracks tr
vriter of so many fairy tales, may be .. , don-t know who ’tis, but it’s some- that he might J^asp eveni at the el- # thtf hard hands worked nervously, about in a manner that would have
map
B&IÉPSSSHKisssu
i be oo'fin and thus save the victim. your place to him
!
XOTBS AND COMMENTS.
ties of Manila Day
durnian
epou
sens
she remember
General
of
8U11 S

en re in
fast upon the excitements connected with (Veil Rhodes’s ambitious imperial
schemes in South Africa. Even by the eotierest men. it is seen that Khartoum is not a terminus, but a point of departure in the further march of civilization. Though Gordon thought that Khar'oum should be the limit ot Anglo-Kgypt i in occupation to the south the progress of events has sidetracked sucl a view as antiquated and ohslructionary. The Nile expedition was a political move, ns well as a humanitarian crusade, and its international consequences .are likely to prove of the greatest moment.
erin mind."
beat Just ns Annie
of the
another
Already tourists are beginning to travel to Khartoum which has been well termed a half-way house between Cairo and Uganda, and soon explorers, engineers and military commandant s will lie pushing the whole of the way to equatorial Africa. The current of civilization pressing thither cannot anywhere be stayed along its course. What the English long for, the French fear. France may not, it is true, really count very much on the possible performances of Commandant Marchand, now at Fa shod a, with a strong force of Senegalese, who per-resent a movement dramatic perhaps, rather tlnn decisive. But the French have colonial aspirations, though they arc not successful colonizers, and will retreat from their scheme of establishing an equatorial sphere of influence across the continent of Africa, only with chagrin aand intense disappointment. Already some of the lenders of public opinion in France are resigning themselves to the inevitable, and prophesying the ultimate success of the English as pioneers in the march of civilization. “We are about to witness (he foundation,” admits “ The Soleil, "of the empire of African-India ; England mistress of the Nile, of her source and resources, and of the immense and fruitful countries traversed by that river.” So many daring dreams of sanguine men have already come true in history, that it is not impossible that the Twentieth Century will see the construction of a line of railway from Alexandria to Cape Town, over which solid vestibule trains will run, with stops at Khartoum, Fash-oda, Uganda, and other way stations. Civilization cannot lie held back.
living in captivity
l
of Bruin Wot Slaving « Very lla<l Time.
The Former Kina
Annie
dethroned King of Benin has interviewed at Old Calabar, African coast by Captain Jones, Kendrick of the mail steam-found the King lo-
The
Ro/te
just lieert
uui
about the extent of
" goodby,” b-eing his knowledge in this direction
of Lagos, who lives
A
He
FEAR OF BEING BURIED ALIVE
Instruction* left by Some People to Malt
Snre of Death.
HOW IT HAPPENED
My dear, said Mrs. Richletgh to her
after
i
She hoped it I
WfMMmmm.
Isaac was waiting for her inside; that yes.	._tiW1>
the hardest part of all was yet to And the mother suddenly remem-
| '*¦	1 be red that she had once l»een a girl
era
He
TAKING A FRESH START
He
Nell—“Clara Is evidently trying to
&I#J # I
been

###PAGE###3###
y '
y
*
far- r

SPAIN IN THE PHILIPPINES. Was
PEEPS INTO THE FUTURE.
Very Weak
POPULARITY
Ferrrawte of Noted Mm and What Raeanir
of Tliriii.
the roaalt ef quality and flaror.
1ER EXTORTIONS AND CRUELTIES DESCRIBED BY A SPANIARD.
Ceylon
LUDELLA
«loij Was Poo"* and Thin - Hood’e SareapirWu Cave Strength.
Just previous to the aseasslnniion of
I "After being in the hospital for a I the Empreee of Austria the emperor • -wire* or Weylrr’w Forluiif-Ihr Tnx Bor-	|ong <ime j wa# very weuk an<t	hardly	was heard repeatedly to remark, "I
«IrnrJ Native*—Ills nr»’* l'unUliiueBi or	able to walk. My blood was thin and I	fear something awful is about to trnns-
est r. ¦	r'-
Dr Pinto de Guiinares, a Spaniard par ilia, and procured five bottles and y ovcr* Jins brings lo mind other and resident of Manila, prints in the	taking It In a few months iniatnces of forecasts fulfilled, says
Revue des Revues of Paris an article -Btned twenty pounds'In weight, and ' j	fî,; !v v	I Nome actors are like some eggs-
ihe Spanish Reign of Terror in | i felt so much letter that I continued	thisty years ago a visitor they go upon the singe when they
the Philippines.'* In it he soys:	the use of the medicine until 1	was as	10 Edinburgh was being shown over | are	no	good	for	anything	else
"No Hir iiii/rtr run form anv idea of	W4'11 os ever- 1 believe Hood's	Gar sa-	* bo High Court of Justiciary. He	It	is	said	I hat	sunlight	is	of less
,.d	1™‘ %%%=:Z"Z»Z'VII"*“-¦
ZZ:: * Hood’e Sarsaparilla	|.:%%%,t*^STS11st
ficials have invented and put in force | Can»d*'» Oresteet Medicine. II; si* for $5. | ”,,y he sentenced to be hanged in that) in merely a masquerade suit.
-mmmmt	very room
Tea.
One trial and you will use no other
sj, 40, 50 and 60e.
Lead packages
It's always tough on I he tight rope walker wh»*n ho steps from the straight end narrow path.
QTAMMERERS.
on
«P-FæîlPIS
Teroalo, 4oae by ear flra) Me»sl Oeiflefa, dee» nlee*. e*4 SeMaetee firmUk*A fer verb e#mrl**# er foe
mstiro: yjaBniiMS'&fcS
9*d
The sightseer wus the im-
probably the happiest day in the torious Dr. Pritchard ; two years had I average farmer's life is when his best
barely passed when in tbe dock he had bakes a 8 * prize at the county
fair.
in the Philippines. There gentlemen | Hoed ¦ FHte cum Indl/ehMon. ‘iflcent* have but one object in life, to make
as largo a fortune as possible during I night they were heard shrieking and. ,	,	,	. . .
their terms of three or fix years in begging to be knocked on the head or ' ‘ y *M8pected he was doomed to the archipelago and then return to token out. The Spanish Lieutenant in death for poisoning bis wife and moth-
«»'".. —p. <». — •!« "teusmy
happy natives. The notorious Gen. hng which fresh air could reach Wry 1er was Governor-General of the | them Philippines for three years and was a
shining model of well-regulated ccon- I in the morning. Gen. Blanco, was	H
nmv ni» unm.ni nMV wan 140 000 then Governor-General of the Philip- home secretary himself, however, it
L^	""I™"-
disburse large sums for his personal before him, and, after upbraiding him ,	. ,	....
expenses and to subscribe generously for his cruelty, kicked him downstairs! I 0 y of Lo,1<,on school he informed all
NotwrUhstiimTing0 TwhZ" demaôds |^ latler !honore " Oxford, enter the house of
upon his purse this prudent General contrived to economize and deposited I Uizal
A scientist has discovered thirst drives 90 per rent of mankind to drink
that

TOtUTO, tit
1YE, BAR, H08E &
THROAT
Science is a wonderful
To many watchers of the political | thing weathercock the rapid rise of Mr Asquith to renown as a statesman little short of miraculous; to the late
A
Whenever a girl begins to lecture a young man on financial economy, he cnn safely ask her to name I he happy day.
ALL WERE FOUND DEAD
was
Office Desks,
A	mi ws. loi Prices
MW The OFFIOI SPECIALTY |P	MFC. CO.. Limited,
^ Toronle aed Newmarket, Oet.
Many a man who wouldn't, think of j a wife of his cook has no
When a youth at the I "'Tuples about making a cook of his
wife.

« *¦
0

had a*id sundry that he meant to take high
Thle trtnflam erne ef m# original seelgne.
TO CUKE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
. .	...	.	. Tslre Lsxative Bromo Quinlae TableU. All Dm»
commons, and become an influential | refund the money if it fails to Cure. r< member of the cabinet
All 4f*erl|tleue of Weed
"As shocking was the fate of Dr.
This enthusiastic patriot was
.	.	. T>nr:e nn | an intelligi nt, learned man, who had	HHHHBHHi
IS"'	"""*-1"^
timated at from $2,600,000, to $3,000,- pression he was exiled to the island of
The Earl of Rosebery, so it is histor-
Nothing disconcerts n girl more to brace herself to meet the years at Eton, foretold that in the shuck of a marriage proposal and the
eshw is sgiiEpFKi, : 7	. „ .
==*#*|SiP i&
well paid. The ' islands are divided mi.sion be married ,o blm .»d pair of ,.ip^ r™^d the into military, civil and mixed provin- they granted my request, thinking to property he leftl	I I |
E»ch is composed ^d to the honor of hie martyrdom Hie relatives buried him, and a re-
Ihe marriage was celebrated by n presentation of the slippers was carved
same day on which he was ua ,he tomb ; to-day in a churchyard at passed that whole night Amsterdam his grave may be seen, the their Governorships. This system gives on my knees in prayer before the pn- onjy inscription on the stone being two
5 Srr IfB	SBEE:	.......,.r,
compelled to carry a personal card ,	» no n ine of the \ y, cial house, and from the beginning de nd nntt the few ye*r* wm aupponed te
“ rf j=r-Si=	isllii
Its cost vanes from $2.50 to $-5 and w n rc fie woul prefer to be shot. He ed both ambitions, became very weal- ' ur*w®- Science ha« rruve * c*tm-rh to be t
,,,, r,... rzrsT:	mmomm
to give their personal labor to the you will be shot in the back." A mo- great grief was that his family h id lost rT'Vkef It D take* inr*rm.lty n *<>*«• e from
[Government for fifteen days or pay an ; ™«l	husband was dead. The their paternal estate at Laylerford,	“dltKih:
ftnd he was ^ const ant ly heard to say :	I hey oirer one hundred! doiUre for any rate	It
“I will buy it back/1 He grew up to	,ai 9 to euro. Send for nir ulare and	tewtl
sstzfrïtiî"-	ms	a«sl"irT**°
srü'îsürt ivr-s I
frarist: rts^-is srissra J5,ts«iks
Every native who keeps and fastens an ® ttoe Dimippines will be free.	eriy; their thoughtless jeers,
animal for food is taxed; if he has a A.^ execution at the Luneta was	hurting his feelings, drew from	the	ol^er	^iy>	a	ball	struck	by one	of
horse or tome coco, in ut trees he is ! Considered in the light of a rpectacle. Ma(j t he retort :	I intend before I die the players, coining into contact with
tuxeu for each. If he wishes to make usually took place in the cool of the to ride in a coach and four.”	’l bird perched on a neighboring hii-
cocoanul oil	he	is	again taxed	for	the	r'lri^	moriiing.	. Hundreds of women	The years slid by and lo and behold 1	*°(’^' 5*n I killing if instantly,
privilege.	There	are	taxes on	weights	%,	ti|>per classes	were present,	the poverty-stricken youngster of
and measures, on stores and shops; a ” spectators stood up in their car- Harrow had developed into Dr Parr, tax on laud, on all k.uds of manufac-	a°li drank champagne	while	the greatest scholar of his time,	whose
lures and on alcoholic spirits. Native	,, 11 ir*£ lor .the appointed hour.	\\ m*n	customary and favorite means	of lo-
tax collectors are made responsible for	e orflcer 1,1 command of the	firing	comotion was a coach and four,
the culletcion of the total taxes in	^ * y owerecl his sword and the	slio|a	I he seventh child of the German
their districts. At Siquijor foi ty-:our l* Vu..ir women waved their	emperor and empress is a daughter,
of these native functionaries were T/n ij£e. Ir*s a°(1 sunshades joyously,	their six being sons. The house	of
exiled to Bohol after their houses, *	J!111®* sQUids for these barbarous	Huhenzollern has a tradition that	in	I	AMY	COM 1*09(1 OK deUre» «itna* 1 m	on	»
!menUpl0^yV:ÇuT1Ctenmpuv»sU,,from th: %,'.hlrdTlT. "
»i'.«	iÇUÆ	- «•" “ “» «*• t" » 2j^,mti6ti8ari8£tos-
r«CSSïSttSï Neuralgia,H:ËHH
fertility of their soil, the oppressed, 1 «‘on thirteen men were led out to be	-	*
tort tired, ruined islanders manage to «hot at the same time, all members of exist. A primitive rystem of cultiva- !ft secret revolutionary yociety called tion has produced, in one year, eight ; the Catnp.ansn. Not one of these un millions of dollars’ worth of hemp, six fort un ites was killed at the first fire, of sugar and four of tobacco! Gold, Most of them did not die until the | 1 uri»g plant iron, copper and coal are found on the third or fourth round. When all was islands. The exactions of Spanish oyer a military band played functionaries and the vexations of the airs.
fiscal agents so hamper all foreign “After learning these facts merchants and those who corne to en- will be surprned at the gige in business that they finally give wh ch thr natives have welcomed the up the attempt to do any profitable , success of the Americans. For trading and leave the country
E. LIMON. 7H ymp sl,
All origiBsl iwifes. Write fee prie** TorSfltp
L. COFFEE â CO.,
GRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
1*44
TO THE EDITOR*
e
* 40S-12 Bears ef TreSe Building,
TORONTO, ONT.
him a present of
$10,000 AS A TRIBUTE
Joe* L Co
To all others. Oerm prsof cloth
in the face for his pains
THE TRIUMPH
UNABLE TO SAY
Which side does that speaker belong to ? asked a latecomer at a political debate.
ADJUHTABI.F. STOVK PIPES Ebftjr pm up and taken down be cleaned, nested, and put away m » small «puce. Ask your denier» for them. Manufactured by
C. 1. BARCLAY,
168 AdtlaideSI. W., Toronto.
ciui Governments of a Governor and a numerous frjar staff, all paid, from the revenues of sentenced
Cna
I've only been here fifteen or twenty minutes, and I ha van t heard him mention any names. I’m wailing till he gets through telling what good people his party is
I don’t know yet
words
Ellen nyt,” i.e

CL'^BDw
To Rent—200 Acres
ihlii Section of th
8(ock and Grain Kami, rich «oil-Townshlg of Burford, Co. Brant, near Burford Village, OB h >ndon Rond—Bank bar/m ?tabling for 24 1* horwa; windmill, root heu-e*. large ' paring orchard ; cheese factory clone to t • II plowed 4;.acrew
l-ply to
:.MAN K. ! ov\ W8KND. SB Yonge Hr. Toro ui ti. ti. Keaii, U9 Col burn e ti
rrtiaj
POi Ck# on 1st March, 1ÔM.
Those
it must be renewed annually
r
tiiantfo
additional tax of $7.50. As the daily wages of workers ranges from 5 to 50 cents, the severity with which tax weighs upon the masses can ire imagined.
"throughout all the islands the tax-
innumerable.
'HURRAH FOR SPAIN,"
this
a	. .	The Reid Broc. Mfg, Co., SytMHR
A curious incident occurred during Jabler and bowling alleys Fklae lSMs^nd a game of golf which was being play-	°iue 267 Kia* #t Weet tokomo.
eni on the St. Dut bus course, Tain. I he
a
es are uniform and
Dominion
Lino Steamships,
M>'utr«:al and O-.ebec lu LiTerywnl in mwa*r J try à •nM /met* win irr-w etwxui h>e ' Lfcetkfer.'* couver. Dominion,' ‘Scotsmen,* ‘ Ysilt, bupmor act err modation or First Cabin mid Cabin aod bleerag* pa**#hgars. Rate, nu^e-Finit (aMn, «UO.PO; Pecs ad 0s4la. f ^ ; Peerage |?2'*0 and up war de aceorclBg 64 ¦tvainvr and bvtli. For all Information apr ly to Local Agoat* or Pavid ToiuuKcg & cV, Coo 1 Agftntx. 17 bte Sacrament 4i.. Montreal*
an
!» i
ib
il
i
I
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS
W P € 949
EPPS’S
GRATI FVL—COM I’ORTING
COCOA
THIS IS THE PRICE
BREAKFAST—SUPPER
II BALTH RKSTORKD WI I’HOUT M Bf>I-A OEMS CAN MAKE BIO MONEY SELLINO I iSoiBKKU 81 OMACH^LVKO# MJ?KR VR*
<o. Saturda, N.gbt Buildtng, Toronto.	I |XU HMtltVS ItKVALKNTA A Y BIG A
1/ FOOD, which HAVES INVALIDS and ( HiLDRKN, mid also Ki& t ruc<e «fully Infanta wb me Alimenta and Dwbihiy have re-«1 ted all other tie. in-nta. It dined* when nil other Food la rejected, save* flu timea ita ( o-t in medicine.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
Money is t h
root of (he manu fa c
rpORONTe CIHTINO SCHOOL offert apodal 1 indsemeat, ts young men deairoue of
. Full partloul re on appli nj VONGe ST. TORONTO.
Rut few women have time to look lively I like their portraits.
lulli»s op Cutting
RSt-lOu. i
Gossip is a 1 vs ay ? short lived unless it is properly ventilated.
Wise is l he famous man who doesn't overwork his popularity.
The present is the child of the past and the father of the future.
YEARS’ INVAHIAB1 « SUCCKSA OU 1U0.U00 ANNUAL Cl'Kkti of Consrip-¦ tiOL. Klatu encv. Dyapep-ia, Indigontton. C >0. FuiniiUon. Liabo'tis Bn nohiti*, Influenza Cough*.	C tarrh, Phlegm. Diarrhoea*
Nervous Dobiliy. Sleopleasnes*, Despondency’
*m. Mil’arA Co. |	w..,“"ltM.l,}rrS5
Show de Caetiglione, and at all Grocer#, Chemi-t*. Vae*h, Office Store. Bank | and 8tore* everywhere, in tlni 2#.. 3*.. #d 6*
j	Biacui tf” *2.
Rrltl h Plate Mirror*, Ac. 1!» to 33 Alice 8t, Toronto 1	'
no one
manner in
REICH IMPEDIMENTS of any nature *uci e * fully treated. Consult a qualified practitioner who was for year* a painful «tau merer . nd ha* < tired many who f.ulod else where.
W, lie to W. J. A N TI .M D. H r in. Ont
s
cen
! 11 lé*s Spain has treated the natives of Such	of the colony 1 unfortunate
when as t uddenly a.s a flash of lighin-	ferocity	that «he ran	never make	I When the king loses he always
ing, the insurrection of lf#Ki	came. It	adequate	atonement.	The	United	comes within un ace of winning.
was ihe result of epeeebea	made by	States may not annex	Cute,	but he	It’s never too hot in summer or	too
Spanish officers at an army	reunion	will find	ample compensation	in tak-	cold in winter for the ice
and banquet, who then and there pro- »ng possession of the Philippines." posed to 'exterminate the savaga na- In Dr. Guimares’s description of the lives in their lairs,' and declared that city of Manila one of its industries is 'they would give no quarter/ but | worth nothing slaughter these rascals to
At first the insurgents
Manufacturer*
ma n.
The more vanity some people possess the easier it is to make them h >ppy.
Satan never gets tired of jollying people who imagine they are prize beauties.
X
Manufacturers
Central
the last
l ucks are very industrious in all ™re *he islands, especially in that of Luzon. where thousands of them are to

man
ars «fsaœ "J -asai sr^-sscnwjs r
COMING TO TORONTO
AND
WANTING PREMISES,
l ime may be a success as a wound-1	Stratford, ont.
the Hiver Pasig side of Manila, This egg. During the last few years arti- I rhe digger the bore a man is the prison had been unused for more than ficial incubators have been introduced "mailer the hole he leaves when his 10i) years. It was half full of foul nd are now filing the picturesque I	are numbered.
U|îteL,i«l?a , ?mlrmi«ra n 8Da.ké* an<J India®* in V. ’ ut in the interior I Renuty may be only skin deep, buf native, were shut in it.	I HL't:y , o i g	[ a j%dsd^r"""" " g<$t * "" "
ANY SIZE FLAT
with elevator, treated, water — al! conveniences and any amount of
LAW mt
A Halé»
removed
Kiel
oronto.
STEAM POWER
by applying to
THE WILSON PUBLISHING GOHPIW. llütd
IF you want to either buy or sell Apple» in car lots, writeus.
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited,
73 ADELAIDE W., TORONTO.

###PAGE###4###

îriiy
E. HODCINS & SONS.
Halifax. N. 8., Oct. 31.—Eveiy available shipwright in this city has boon on god by the naval authorities here and orders have been given to prepare the battleships and other vessels for sea ms Hooii as possible. Saturday the men worked alt day, something unprecedent J M jtjaTi ed in the dockyards here. The great J Jj J/QSJjL a a ¦ activity displayed is the result of nies saqea from the home authorities. The battleship Renown, cruisers Pelican and Cordelia, gunboat Columbine and two torpedo boats are now here and are being fitted out as soon as possible. So far they have not been ordered away, but instructions are hourly expected.
Londou, Oct. 31.—There has been the greatest activity at Davenport to-day, i the site of the largest arsenal in (treat Britain and two of the finest dockyards in the world. The government is as svmbling an emergency squadron, which, it is understood, will go to Oibralter.
The Gquity.

SHAWV1LLE, NOV. 3, 1898
The Brisson Ministry was defeated in the French Chamber of Deputies on the 25th ult., and a new government has been formed by D. Dupuy.
The Japanese steamer, Mijald, was sunk on Wednesday 20 ult., almost immediately after colliding with a sistei-ahip. 00 Japanese were drowned.
The Emperor and Empress of Germany who are at present on an extended tour of The 41 Holy Land, " are being received with great pomp and ceremony everywhere by the Turkish officials.
IS THE CHANGE MADE in • man’s personal appearance by the suit he wears.
Arrivals.
An ill-made suit will spoil a neat man’s appearance, while an ill-made man appears tolerably neat in a neat suit.
WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED A NICE LOT
Overcoats and Reefers ! Overcoats and Reefers ! Overcoats and Reefers I Overcoats and Reefers 1 Overcoats and Reefers ! Overcoats and Reefers I
f
Our Suite show a neat figure to advantage, and very much improve, and conceal the defects in an ill made figure, and make it appear much neater.
OF
Men s
At a banquet tendered to Mr. tarte,
Minister of Public Works, at Sard, last Toronto, Oct. 28.- A rumor prevails Thursday night, that worthy made the in- horo that Hon. Mr. Harty, commissioner terestmg statement that ho proposed to vf public works for Ontario, will retire, spend millions of dollars of *ho country s liia health becomes impaired as soon money. The Canadian taxpayer is get aB he confines himself to his office. The ting it in the neck these days, and is hHmti 0f p. R Utchford, of Ottawa is
likely to for a couple more yearn
Fall
G. FRAME.
mentioned as a successor
An important agreement, which secures for Ontario the investment of a vast amount of British capital, was arrived at
recently between the Ontario Government	......
and the Sturgeon Falls Pulp Co. (Ltd.), struck oil, and men in the vicinity believe
after more than six months’ careful con that the oil is good. Samples of the biv sidération by the Crown Lands’ depart rings have been sent to the Bureau of ment. It will make Canada a mighty Mmes, but Mr. Blue believes that the competitor in the British market with the eamplea do m t carry much oil American paper exporters, and will, at the same time, give employment to a large number of Canadians. The terms provide that all the spruce cut must be manufactured in the country. The company contracts to expend §1,000,000 in buildings and plant, and will have an operating capital of §2,500,000, The pulp null was formally opened at Sturgeon Falls on Saturday last, and the found ation of the first of six paper mills has been laid. The company undertakes to employ not less than 240 hands, but will in reality employ nearly 400. The yearly output will be 300,000 tons of pulp, or 120 tons for every working day.
Oil at Bollovillo
P. S.—OvEKt’OTS.
Caps
Belleville, Oct. 20. —Belleville has
Have a look at them. We think our prices lower than others’.
Splendid treize coats,
—$3 75 up—
Season of 1898.
in latest shapes and
right qualities. Prices ranging from
50 TO 75C.
The Pontiac Woollen Mills
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.
V
Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of the farmers of the surrounding country.
O
For the greater convenience 0/ mg customers, in addition to nig Storehouse at Bristol, I hare erected two new Store houses—one at McKee's and the other at Wyman's— and am prepared to bug all kinds of good, clean Grain, for which I will pay the highest price the market will allow.
E, HODGINS & SONS.
J. H. SHAW.
1	P. s.—Winter Caps and Furs now in stock.
2	P. S.—We want your grain trade.
According to the comments and opinions of the French and English press during the past two weeks, it would seem ss though a war between France and England over the disputed Fashoda territory is inevitable. However, peace in-
seem to be growing stronger, is thought that the defeat of the French Government will do much towards averting a crisis. V is now the opinion in diplomatic circles generally that an amicable solution of the difficulty will be arrived at. There has been no change in the official attitude of either England
or France as yet ; but the French ¦	g.	— a i a
government having disappeared, Lord I	||	HI f| H 1“ 11 ! D T	XT ALL
Salisbury cannot in decency press his de- - y	B «	B'j^j lia | LÎ I H	a
manda upon France until there are re g	9 t? 8	9
sponsible officia's appointed to deal with them
P. S.—Ladies Jackets.
0— —
SQUARE DEALING.
done on shortest notice and with the usual satisfaction
to customers.
flu

an
E. GRAHAM.
E. HODGINS & SONS.
The large stock of Goods In connection, namely of->
Elmslde, Oct. 17th 18t*8.
TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, SERGES, FLANNELS, PRINTS, &c.,
MILLINERY
OPENING
UNDERTAKING.
Butcher
It is feared, however, that the Militai y party will succeed M. Driason and that they will be unscrupulous enough to risk war with England in order to divert attention from the French army.
Under the present state of atf-tirs in the French Administration, it is gener ally believed in military circles that a war with England would be a dire dis aster to France. Ar a'l events the up sh >t of the Ftishorla dispute will, in all hk'.ihood, be apparent in a few days.
With rioting*, scindais and di*gia:e-fu1 p’i ceedingsat li'ime and a moat unstable government, we fancy Fr incehas enough on her hands without looking for trouble with England.
and
Grocer—
Miss Amie McRae's,
SUCCESSORS TO
A. SMILEY, UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
will he found ready for the Fall Trade with a choice supply of
... Shawville,
SA TURD A Y, SEPT. 10.
will be found of the latest design, of superior manufacture, and at prices that cannot be honestly under. . cut. . .
Fresh anil C ured
MEATS
—with a complete stock of
o—o
The above firm having purchased the Undertaking business and equipment of Mr. Arthur Smiley, have also secured his services as manager of the same for a term of months, which is a sufficient guarantee that the requirements of the establishment will be fulfilled with the same degree of satisfaction as formerly.
GROCERIES,
CANNED GOODS, CONFECTIONERY, CANDIES (all kinds)
HATS
A COMPLETE ASS-RT-MENT OF ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN
i
An
— COMPRISING—
Ladies’ Walking Hats,
Ladies9 Sailor Hats,
Children’s Tarns, &c,
—ALSO A NICE RANCE OF—
A Liberal Unseated.
Inspection
—also a variety of—
Milton, Ont., Got. 29.—John R af Barbe-, Liberal member for Halton, was unseated yesterday. The trial took place before the rota judges. Mr. Justice Osier and Mr. Justice MacLennan,
WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYERS.
# #
A complete stock of Funeral Supplies
will be kept on hand.
---o——
ELF" A call will convince intending purchasers that our goods are as represented, and that pi ices will compare favorably with any store in the county. ^33}
SILK VELVETS,
FLOWERS d
A. HODGINS,
PROPRIETOR.
Supplementary investigation
FEATUEES
our
—OFFICE AT THE OLD STAND—
MAIN STREET, - - SHAWVILLE.
PAVEES SAY THERE WILL BE ONE IN THE
DlEYFVS CASES.
An inspectsun of stock is respectfully invited.
JA8. CVTHBERTBOM
?
JAA. GRAHAM.
J, G. McGUIRE,
P.itis, Oct. 29 -Thecourt of Cassationf
according to the newspapers, will accept the conclusions of M Bod, the reporter in the Dreyfus case, ai d order a supplementary investigation. Y vos Guyot, in the SiecV to day, asserts that the secret documents in the Dreyfus case were burned some days ago.
AftMS FOB.THÈ
MM
^chosen wi
MAIN ST., SHAWVILLE

NEW
GOODS
?
a
??
A. J. JACKSON.

NEW
GOODS
Furniture Furniture Furniture
good quality and of all styles at
Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.
y
Franca to S&ise the Whole Egyptian
Question.
Paris, Oct. 31.—1The Eclair to-day, says it learns on reliable authority that the Faahoda question will be settled favorable to Great Britain by the recall of Major Marchand.
France, the paper adds, yields all, reserving only the question of the right to the Bihr El Ghaztl district, which she does not consider as belonging to Egypt. Continuing, the Eclair remarks.
11 M. Delcasse, however, has now decided to raise the whole Egyptian question, which should have bjen done from the ft rat and thus avoided the humiliation of yielding to the British ultimatum
When the question it thus enlarged, France will not be alone in its discussion with the Marquis of Salisbury, Egypt interests all the powers. Russia has promised M. Delcasre its most effective assistance, and besides Germany has the biggest interest, in view of her east African possessions and trade n the far east, that the Suez canal should not become exilu-eively British and is disposed to support Fra neo-Russian arguments for a définit-settlement of the Egyptian que*

SHAWVILLE, QUE.
\
>

V
J
V *
I am now receiving and
into stock a complete range
(
----0
Y.
L
v

passing
House & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator.
of
PU
5
I
FALL GOODS
Q? CAn alder—If you can keep the wet out
flT of your rifle it will not rustnot/reex*. Only
* Marlin Repeaters r
have Solid Top*, shedding water likes Y duck’s back. <fur 137-paae book (lust out) —. telle all about them. Up-to-date Infor- |b
5
o
t9

OF ALL LINES
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDEDTO.
To which I wish to call the attention ot my customers and the public generally.
^ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
£5= The goods have been selected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intending purchasers.
mutton about powdurs.black and smoke- . less; proper sizes, quantities, how to 3 load; hundreds of bullets, lead, alloyed, , Jacketed, soft nosed, mushroom,' etc. : trajectories, velocities,penetrations. All calibres Htott; how to care for arms and ft l.ooo other things. Including many trade 7% secrets never before given to the public. From if ptm will tend ttarnpi for mostaçe to Marl la Firearms Co., New Ms vs#, CL
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP]AND SAT-
?
ISFACTION GUARANTEED.
O
The
JAMES MCARTHUR
i!

I
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
SHAWVILLE.
For Prices on MARLINS, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
SILAS YOUNG,
.Starke’s Corners.
?
ive
tion. ”
Y
191402
###PAGE###5###
V
+" /
I
P

/

Z
N
Canada.
Province of Quebec Dlwtrlct of Pontiac.
The Klondikere are returning to B. 0. in thousands, a few with fortunes, but the nanny with nothing.
I
HOUSES
-WANTED-
Superior Court.
G. F. HOGGINS'
No. 338.
A Shocking Affair In an Omaha Photograph Gallery
JEAN BAPTISTE ALPHONSE PIGEON, of Bonfleld, In the District of Nlplsslng In the Province of Ontario, trader,
The undersigned will be at McGuire’s Hotel, Shaw ville, on Tuesday, the 8th November, to purchase horses, which must he sound and good workers, 4 years old and older.
Liberal prices will he paid.
L. PAYETTE,
Omaha, Oct. 28 —A lovera’ quarrel ended in murder and suicide in the parlors of a down town photographer at noon Wednesday. John Melchart blew out the bra ns of Lillian Morris and then his They were standing before the camera at the time preparing to have their pictures taken. She desired to have their attitude one indicative of love when the picture was made, and was posing with her arms around her lover’s neck when he suddenly drew a pistol and shot her.
They had been conversing in a most friendly way for a half hour. The artist arranged them before the camera and stepped into a dark room for a plate.
A moment later a shat was heard, a girl screaming 11 My God! don’t kill me and before the people in the next room could two
story. Jealousy was the cause.
Plaintiff.
ve
Success with . .
KRNEHT de KiRVYNT VOLKÆRH-BEKE. In Re'glum, and BEAUDOIN me KIHVYN VOLKÆRABEKE of the towns-whip Duhamel In the County and District of Pontiac,
pro DRESS GOODS.
own
Defendant
The Defendant, Ernest de Klrvyu Volkwrs beke, Is ordered to appear within one month.
Bryson, 31st Oct. 1898.
t
Montreal.
C.BARHALOU
There’s lots of enthusiasm in our Dress Goods Department. The magnificent display is the result of our reaching out and seeking the best products. We liilvo the goods for the most critical selection, and the important feature of I.rrn.K Gust is attached to every line of goods we handle.
Visit this special Department. You will be interested.
Prothonota ry
Business Bland in Rent
I). R. BARRY,
Plaintiff's Attorney
1
The under signed offers to rent the H <»ro
t >r h :t pai t of For t .-rras
hi i « I y occupied by C. McCagg ; millinery or dress-making shop my D.veiling House adjoining; apply on the premises to
J open the door three more shots and bodies falling to the door told the
Province of Quebec, ( District of Pontiac. {
MRH. (WIDOW) C. McCAUQ
Superior Court.
Bryson, Kept. *0, lhU8.
No. 294
A Desperate Criminal
O
DAME MARY MoVEIOH of the Town ship of Litchfield. In the said DLstrlo*, widow of the late Michael Hughes, In his lifetime merchant of the said place, has well In her name as In the quality of tutrix to the minor children, Issue of her marriage with the said Michael Hughes, and Michael James Hughes and Thomas Francis Hughes, both farmers of the said Township of Litchfield,

WE HAVE LATELY PASSED INTO STOCK
:S?
AUSTIN O. BOWEN SENTENCED TO SEVEN
YEARS IMPRISONMENT.
m
Pk

is
LADIES’ WRAPPERS
“ Money will buy another lantern and another gun, and when 1 come out 1 hope
t" have as strong an arm to hold a gun as, ~	,	,
I have today. ” 8uch were the last words Something many ladies have been waiting for—goods made of Au.tin o. iiuwun wh«n ho left with up specially for our own business Regular stock sizes of
Detective Flanagan to enter upon a %%r	1	J	0. . 4A
seven year sentence to Kingston peniten-l Wrappers a PC • > — tO 40. tiary. The expression was a cool one and was the reply to the detective when he said that he would return Bowen’s be longings with the exceptions of his gun and dark lantern. 41 A cooler and more gritty piece ot manhood I never saw in my experience," said Detective Flanagan
last evening. 44 Why he never lost nerve I \vitil value in the least when the sentence of seven I years was passed upon him by the judge."
This was true, and was remarked by all hi the court room when Bowen received
his sentence foe conspiring to rob the pay RpAROli sllODpCFS than Others are doillg. master of Gillies Bros’ mill at Braesido. 1 The prisoner stood in the box with out a
move and when the sentence was passed I bought direct and at lowest spot cash prices. We are more Ind°.it1 down. heHme\dhe0“	I than hearty—we are real practical in our invitation to visit
ives Flanagan and Dicks, who were beside | tllG people S favorite Store, the box, and said with a sarcastic smile,
44 Well, you will not enjoy $200 reward, will you / ’’ you had the man who did the holding up, but you made a mistake when you come to prove it. ’’ In the meantime W. J.
Mutely, who was Bowen’s tool in the conspiracy, and who had turned Queeen’s evidence against Bowen, was brought into the box with other prisoners.
v«fT
4
m£t__
9
UK
Plaintiff's,
vs
EUGENE DEROIN, formerly of Leslie, but now absent from this Province,
Defendant,
STOVES.
O
Ladies’ Jackets and Capes.
and
JOSEPH ROY, trader, of Leslie, aforesaid,
The season for Stoves has now set in arid the public will find me fully prepared to meet all their requirements with a first-class assortment of
We will please you with stylish goods, and we’ll please
Tiers Saisi
The Defendant Is ordered to appear within one month.
O
Bryson,Oct. 81st, 1898
C. BaRSALOU,
The reason is very plain why we do better for
The output
from this store has no equal in the county. Goods are
COOKING, BOX
The
Prothonotary.
D. R. BARRY,
Att'y for Plaintiff.
AND
PARLOR STOVES
Hog for Service.
WITH EVERYTHING TO FURNISH THE KITCHEN IN THE
—-LINE OF—
Tin and Agate Ware,
at prices as low as the lowest.
The undersigned offers to farmers the service of bis pure bred Yorkshire Hog:
Fee-one dollar.
G. F. HODGINS’
much of that You thought
JA8. ARMSTRONG,
Green Lake.
- - Departmental Store.
Fnrnaccs, Steam & Hot Water Heaters
o
Notice.
p.S .—Clearing the deck for fall and winter Furs.
satisfaction y fitted up
Provl nee of Quebec, (
Municipality of Hbawvllle. J
and Is now open for inspection by parties In- his lips during the remainder of the time.
lerM	There were several other held up charge.
settle the amount of their taxes preferred against Bowen, but were dismiss within the twenty days following the date of ecj by tbe judge as there was not sufficient
11,18 n0tlce-	evidence to convict him.
H. PERRY,
MAIN ST. - SHAW VILLE.
The lawyers in attendance at court here this session are Messrs. Henry Aylcn, C. J. Brook, Belcourt, McDougall, Riin-ville, McConnell and Talbot.
BRYSON
surer. All to call and
Shaw ville
The Bryson correspondent of the Ottawa Journal under date of Oct. 29th, says :—The Upper Ottawa Improvement Co have about finished their operations here for the season
have been hauled up out of the
Given at Shawvllle this 4th day of October,
LIVERY.
\m
The unfortunate young man is only 22 years of age, and has already served two years in penitentiary for holding up and robbing a man near Owen sound.
The boy, Mosley, who was used as a tool by Bowen, in the conspiarcy was showed to go on suspended sentence.
J. R. HORNER,
flec.-Treas
BRISTOL
The two steel
The heavy rains lately have made the roads muddy so we don’t have so much fast driving now.
Mr. John War:en left for Whitney on Tuesday, where he intends spending the winter.
Mr. Herbert Sheppard has returned home, no better.
Miss Lizzie Telford of Billerica, who was visiting in this section has returned home.
Mr. and Mrs. Jas Elton had a visitor come to stay—a boy.
Mrs. John Morrison’» little girl foil Of: the ateve and was severely burhed.
Mrs. John Young of Gatineau, was vis iiiiig relatives in this vicinity.
Mrs. Geo. McKenny of Kazibazua was visiting her parents last week.
Rumor says there is to bo another wedding shortly. Hope they wont forget to
SuttIBBLER.
ico we
water for the winter, and Mr. G. G. Pin** hey was hero yesterday paying off the men, the tail of the drive having been pt into theSchneaux boom.
Mr. Wm. Richards and his gang of have completed the improvements at Ragged Chute, on the Coulonge river, and have returned home.
Rev. George Paeche, Methodist Episcopal minister of Borodino, N. Y., will preach in the Methodist Church here on Sunday afternoon. At the close of the _ the sacrament of the Lord's Sup-will be administered by the Rev. Mr,
Shawville
Sash and Door Factory.
McCredie & Hudgins, Proprietors.
O
First class burses nr.-l rys at popular prices.
.Special attention the commercial tnule
SWt
paM to
The following communication is m* sorted by request of Mr. W. R. Taylor, Sec. Treas of the H. E. Co. :
men
flashes. Doors. Mouldings, Blinds, etc., manufactu ed to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
McArllmr & Mi
Aylmer, Quebec, 21st October, 1898
Mr. Thts. Tait,
General Manager, Canadian Pacific Ry.,
Montreal, Quebec.
service
m
I 'J
w> w
P*r
^\OttawaZ*e|fc IDd,tr Sir»—
v ww	1 have it on undoubted authority that
Business College# the rePurt lia8 been spread throughout
O I the section of country served by the Pon-
(Establislicd 32 years.)

Eison

•VF


A heavy shock of earthquake was felt hereabout 1 o’clock Thursday morning. The rumbling and trembling continued 10 or 15 seconds.
Messrs. Salt Richards of Ottawa and Bruce Thompson of Billerica are visiting
friends here.
Mrs. M. E. O’Meara of Quyon returned home on Thursday morning.
Mrs. Chaa. McColgan of Quyon, isliere visiting her daughters, Mrs. Cough l:u and Mrs. Campbell.
Mr. D. R. Barry, advocate, is confined to his residence with a painful affection of the leg. Lawyer Talbot of Hull has been attending to him cases at he session of the court.
Circuit Court opened here on Tuesdsy morning before Judge Livergne, and Superior Court on Wednesday. Several unimportant cases were disposed of in the Circuit Court. In the Superior Court the case of Clarendon vs. Pontiac was deferred until November, as negotiations for a settlement of the case are under way between the parties.
The most interesting case so far is that of John Bowie vs Grand Calumet Mining Co. for $25,000 damages for excavating and removing 1.000 tons of ore from his property; $1,000 for royalty on said ore or part of it, and $180 for 60 trees cut on the property for mining pur-are industriously spreading the report poses. Messrs. Rainville a::d Brook are that The Hull Electric Company is wholly f°r the plaintiff and McDougall and Bel to blame for these delays, and that there court for the defend nais, will be no such delays when the P. P. J. Mr. Calvin Russell of Renfrew, Out., line is completed to Hull.	has in turn taken an action for title and
We have always moved all freight of damages for $2,000 against John Bowie, fered to us in the most expeditious man Mr. Russell purchased a promise of sale nor, and are always ready to do so; and I of what is known as the “ Bowie mine ” believe you will appreciate the position iu from Mr. John Bowie on May 27th, 1897, which we are placed by the spreading and having fulfilled hie part of the agree-or anything in connection with the around of such reports as are referred to ment sues Mr. Bowie for his title. The Blacksmithing business.	| herein. I sincerely trust that you will damages are for trouble and expense Mr.
see to it that proper and necessary action Russell was put to by an injunction tak* is taken at once to avoid these delays. en last summer by Mr. Bowie to prevent
Yours very truly,	ore being shipped by the Grand Calumet
(Sgd.) Alex. Fraser, Mining Co., which in] unction was dismiss-President.	ed < r withdrawn.;

tiac Pacific J unci ion Railway, that the 11 u 11	Company	to
Fall term commences .August I5tb. A per-1 for the delay of freight which has been manent staff of four experienced able expert teachers ; thirty two years of uninterrupted success ; being endorsed by the lead-1 or more, ing business and professional men of the
o*ïhl?lbu«|CneîsaKdùcâtgoi“lnAM«!lat!onrnolî I three weeks ago a change in agents was Canada; the success of our grsduates (they made at your Hull Station, since which
your consfde'ratlon^Senirfor new Siutogue" | time freight matter» have been in a very
chaotic state there.
. Several instances have occurred during 148.1o4$ Bank St., Ottawa. ^ie |jme mentioned where way freight for
Aylmer and P. P J. pointa has been delayed for as much as five and six days, through our freight crew being unable to get at the cars, owing to the congested state of Hull yard.
Your Mr. C. XV. Spencer wired me some trine since, to the effect that the delay to freight was the fault of the em*
, ployees of this Company, and asking me _____0____ to itsue such instructions as would ore-
intending purchasers will find rae ™nt ,uoh delays in future; but 1 think it
1 now in readiness for the approaching has since been maud \ery plain to Mr. Winter trade with a large stock of	I Spencer that the delay was entirely the
fault of the C. P. R. agent at Hull, as we have wired him, as well as Superintendent Robillard, frequently, calling attention to the delays.
Unfair advantage is being taken of this Got lip In the latest and most I state of affairs by interested parties, who
stylish designs and finish.
An Inspection of these first-class Rigs is respectfully Invited.
Pitiac Pacific MM By.
ask,
exi»enenced during the past three weeks
o
Possibly you are not aware that about
Official Time Table :
DANFORT LAZE
AM.
P.M
Dan ford Lake, Oct. 17.—Quite a number of deer have been shot in this place.
The farmers of this section are all busy 1% mghing now.
One of our most respected ladies in the person of Mrs. Little, wife of the late John Little, Esq., of Alywin, pissed away on October 16th. Funeral took place at J p. in. Tuesday.
Mr. Fred. Anderson of K&zubszua, who died in Ottawa on Saturday, Oct. 10, with typhoid fever, was brought toKazu-bazua. Funeral took place at 10, a. in.
Mr. Samuel Young has added to his property, a provender grinder. It gives great satisfaction to the farmers.
Mr. Hayccck, of Ottawa, who has been working a largo mica mine on Mr. John Gibson's property had to postpone opera lions on account of the water flowing in, but will begin work shortly.
Mr. Biock, of Kazubazua, has quite a number of men opening up a mica mine in Cawood. Good speculation, John.
Mr. Silas Mulligan, of North Field, and Mias Nellie Mulligan, of Danford Lake, were joined in matrimony on Wednesday last. They gave a dance, at which there were about thirty five couple present. Wo all wish them much joy.
We had quite a fall of snow here the other day
Arrive !» 15
3.46 Leave
A y Iri rr t Rn-rkvi.rMge PHaiti **>
Parker’s i'lOfcbillg t Moivs < >ux on VS X MlfcU'tf H hii <
Bristol MfKe-’s Bhitwville (11 iu k ’>
Campbell’» Bay ? Ltok Î Vinton l'ou longe
'.Mol lull's Wall hum
•Flag Station, t runk. t'Flag Station
w 21
no»
$‘.01
8 ! 2
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
h :>s
8 IX
8 50
«21
S 40
«.17
h 22
6 17
Ml
8.*n
8 03
8 5S
TDEAD Y
-C"	FOR
8 02 7 52
7 04

7. Ml
7.4
"	7 IS
" 7.IÜ “	7.00
“	d :»4
"	« 30
Leave o.;X)
IU*I
8 «8
8.12
8 .10
SS
Tie Winter Trade
««
1.17
4.56 Arrive
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway Aylmer.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
CUTTERS
X
PATENTS
f ,
PROMPTLY SECURED
Write for our interesting books “ Invent or's Help" and “How you are swindled. Bond us a rough sketch or modtl of y cur invention or improvement* and we Mill tell you hree our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION * MARION
As usual I am prepared to execute all orders for
Com
Sloops, Sleighs, 56c.,
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
The highways and bridges act requires that anyone driving upon a highway be log overtaken by another, the party overtaken must turn out to the right. The other day an Almonte man was fined S3 and costa for not allowing another man to pass.
civil A Mechanical Engineers, Graduate# of the # Polytechnic School of Engineering. Bachelor# in # Applied Science#, Laval University. Member# / Patent Law Association. American Water Works # Aaaociatiou, N*vr England Water Work# Assoc. | P. U. Sui veyora Association, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineers. ¦«¦MMRMM*
I (	I MW vos* UM riro., mowtiial baa
ARTHUR SMILEY,
SHAWTILLE. SUB.
\
###PAGE###6###

<
HOW A SORB HEALS.
Hose, half laughing at her husband's odd comparison, and adding, aftei a moment, "l don't nee how folks <nn fight mid love each other too.
Mr. Mat her didn't quite see it either, end without directly replying to Rome, he asked, by way of diverting her mind from the subject of her
« i ho not iced
the Hock land

she'll
when, on her bended knee* th ink the over-ruling hand which kept her l oy from g lowing just two inches lui lari
Onward, still onward they moved, until they turned the corner and paused before the depot.
A little apart from the rest (ïeorge Graham stood, wishing that the cars would come, and building ail y-c-ast les of what would he when he returned, covered with laurels, as he was sure to do if only opportunities were offered. He would distinguish himself, he thought, with many a brave deed, so that the papers would talk of him as a gallant hero, and when he came hack to Hock land, t he people would come out to meet him, a denser crowd than was assembled now. I heir faces would not then be ho sad, for they would come to do him honor, and in fancy he heard the stirring notes of the martial mu-dc, and haw the smile of joy steal over the weather-beaten features of the leader of the band, the man with the jammed white hat, as he
There
s?
WHEN THE BLOOD IS PURE AND RICH IT WILL HEAL RAPIDLY.
LOVE AND WARN
*
the Cmp et
rblN I’eel DrmentlmM l.i
fhewlor tiewley, Uhe H.mI Here Tree hi
DAYS.
A STORY OP SLAVERY
brother’s volunteering
what Tom said about
Company in general, and George 1 a_
ham and Isaac Simms in part u'lilai r
who
By MARY J. HOLMES.
re
In
I
A
m Vru r
From the Times, Owen Sound.
In the township of Sarawak, Orey
bette?
This reminded Rose ol Annie had been ill most of the time since her huslwind's departure.
"I meant to have called on Grnhain right away." she sa id. poor creature has been so sick, t hey way, hut would not let them send foi George, because it was bis duty to stay where he was. I’d like to see duty or anything else make me wi ing to par( with you. I don’t believe Mrs. Graham loves her husband as I do you, or she would never consent ,n be left alone,” and Hose nestled closer to her husband, who could not find to tell her what he meant to
J
county, then! is probably no known or lespected farmer than Thom Ciawle
owl," he said, releasing himself from her, and adding, as he glanced at » huge silver watch, won by gambling. "Maybe aeein' I've a few minutes to spare, I’ll drive a nail or so into that confounded gate, and 1 dun know, hut while I'm about it. I'll split you an armful of wood up the hull on t 1 s'pom is 'round I can't do nothin."
It was strange how many little things Bill did do in these few minute* he had to spare—things which added greatly to his mother’s comfort, and saved her several shillings, besides making a soft warm spot in a heart which knew not many such. Glancing at the tall clock brought from New England, when Mrs. linker first moved to Hock-land, Mill remarked:
"The darned thing haw stopped agin. ..	Ifni rv'm ! or'to have lied it, I s'pose. It would
.jspirs-:.z- !wu'
ervr
to l»e i vl of th« m. A * . were;" ln7 »bed all day w ithout no time. Take
ÜÜpis *pl§
" >« some credit in tint. ^ildbood "Hilly hoy, Hilly boy, I never sot so
—* -	rKVts,
run away the first chance you git -Will you, Billy boy ?"
"Not by a jug full ! phatic response. "1 kind. I'll l»e shot like a dog before T run. The Baker name shall never he disgraced by my desert in like Hal to do that ; but don't how 1 so. I'm kinder puttin’ on the tender, you know, 'cause I'm goin* away. I should Ih> ugly as ever if I s to stay to hum. So stop your sniveling a'id having driven the last nail into a broken chair. Hill gathered up his bundle, and with the single remark. "Nuff said, darted through the open door, and was off ere his mother fairly comprehend it.
There warn a great crowd out that morning to see the company off. l ath ers mother*, wives, and sisters.—those wuo hud friends in t ho company and those who had none
Mrs
(Continued.)
fhe
y, of East Linton, P.0. Learning tint his nephew a young lad now about ten years of age had been cured of a disease of his leg which threatened not only the loss of the limb, but also of the life of the little fellow, a roof the Time* made enquiry, and
___i convinced that the wonder
working power* of Dr. V iIlium* 1 ink Pills for Pale People have not h insted themselves. Meeting Mr Gawley in one of the drug stores of t h# town, he was asked if the re|K>rted cure was a ¦ with u nuiiIt* as he said, sir. I w«s afraid we were going to low the lad, hill he is now as well ns ever, heart) and strong." Asked for particulars, Mr. Gawley did the most natural thing in the world, referred the rejiorter to his wife, who in telling the case said :—"In the month of Scp-
nephew, Chester lives with us
to the shanty-like
Turn we now
building down by the mill, when mother of Harry and Bill rooked to and fro upon the unmade bed, and rent the air with her dismal howls, hoping thus to win at least one tender word
from the two youths, voraciously devouring the breakfast she, like M idow Simms, had been at so much pains to prepare, watching even through her tears to see if they » a n't going to leave her one atom of the steak she had" spent her yesterday's earnings to
1 “no they didn't. Harry took the Isst piece, growling angrily at Bill, wn\ kinder hearted than his brother, suggested that "Hal shouldn't be a pig. but leave something for the old wo-
t he
<
1 had or'to have out hut when Hal
porter we are
#%
murage
do when he handed her Toms letter. It would he too much for her to Ihmi at once, he thought, ns he saw greatly she was pained because h brother had joined the army, and was even then in Washington.
fifed that welcome home he carriages there, too. more than now and may lie there would lie a carriage exprès ly for him, and the dreamer saw the long procession moving down the street.—saw the little lioys on the walk, the women at the doors, and heard the peal of the village bells. It would be grand, he thought, if he could have a crown. just as the Roman victors used to do—it would please Annie so much to see him thus triumph mt. She would not come up to the depot, he knew. She would rather he alone when she met Jiini, while he, too, would prefer that all those people should not lie looking on when he kissed his little wife. Just then the train appeared, and the confusion became greater as the crowd drew nearer together and the man with the jamined white hat who was to fife George’s welcome home, redoubled his exertions, and tried his best to drown his own emotions in the harsh sounds he made. Hut above the fife’s shrill
above the bass drum’s bent,
fact. His faoe lighted up
Indeed it is,
how
i
To Re Continued
man
POTATOES AND SALT.
181)7. my
temlier Gawley, win afflicted with a left leg.
become badly swollen and the family physician was called in. I he case was a perplexing one, hut it was decided after a few days to lance the leg I his was done, hut the wound
inflicted would not heal up. hut he-
I he tittle fel-
became in his
nil lhr «rent «rrittnn Wsliirnll*! ton lit An oni.
Rich ml Du Hury once said:—"The
Twit*
m t severe pain In n few days the liinh
n«l painful,
i
library, therefore, of wisdom, is more precious than all riches, and nothing that can lie wished for is worthy to
Success gives
credit in that."
Around Hurry Baker’s
there clustered no -	.
prayers s id at the mother's knee or
of dibit stories told in the dusky twilight, and though reared in New England. within sight of the church Jl1*"'-he had rarely been inside the house of God. and this it was which made the difference list ween the one transpiring in Widow Simms, nions in Harry brought to full perfection ed by any softer influence, and id sing from the table, after having filled his stomach almost to bursting, he swaggered across the room, i
be compered with it
an interesting anecdote told by Agassiz, of his visit, when a young man, to the great German naturalist, Professor Lorenz Oken. 1 he professor received his guest with warm enthusiasm, but apparent embarrassment. He showed his visitor the laboratory, an I the students at work, also his cabinet, and lastly his splendid library of books jiertain.ng to zoological sci-i collection worth some seven thousand dollars, and well deserving the glow of pride which the own manifested as he expatiated on its cel le nee. The dinner hour came, and then the embarrassment of the great German reached its maximum point " Monsie.ui A gas ;iz," _ perturbation, "to gather and keep ui this library exacts t he utmost bus hnndry of my pecuniary means accomplish this l allow myself no luxury whatever. Hence my table is restricted to the plainest fare. 'I brier a week oui table boast s of meat ; the other days we have on y potatoes and I very much regret that your h is occurred upon our potato
mine a running sore low soon was reduced to almost a skel-
I his continued through the
tnd we thought he would never get off his bed Again. April two of the best physicians of Owen Sound operated on the leg for discus# of the lone scraping tip* bone treatment the wound continued to run,
and we were in despall friend residing in Manitou, Manitoba, advised us to try Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills. We commenced to u.-e them at once,and in a short time several piece» of the bone wme out of the sore, and before the boy hid taken four boxes the leg win completely cured. Ibis
and Chester is
et on winter months
was the em-1 ain’t none of that
Id
sere a m.
and above the engine's hiss, was heard the sound of wailing, as one by one i he Rockland volunteers stepped aboard the train.
Hill was the last to go, for as a parting act he had fired the old cannon, w hit'h " linos: from time immemorial had henilded to Rockland's sleeping citizens that twelve o'clock had struck and it was independence Day. Some said it was no good omen that the worn-out gun hurst in twain from the heavy clnrge with which Hill had seen fit to load it, hut Rill cured not for omens, and with three cheers and a tiger for Vnele 8am, hr jumped upon the platform ju.st as the final all aboard was shouted.
There was a ringing of the bell, a sudden puffing of the engine, a straining of machinery, a sweeping backward of the wreaths of smoke, and then, where so lately one hundred soldiers hid l**en. there was nothing left save an open space of frozen ground and iron rails, as cold and as empty as the hearts of those who watched until the last curling ring of vapor died amid the easterns woods, and then went sadly back to the homes left so desolate.
which made that scene and the house of
All the animal pas-Raker's case were
unsuMu-
resort in In spite o
ig <o
It’s more
t his
«net
In August a
i
ex
gered across the room, and opening his bundle began to comment upon the ferent articles, he hiving been too drunk to notice them when given to
him on the previous night.
"What in thunder is this forT be exclaimed, holding up the calico housewife and letting buttons, scissors and
thread drop upon the floor. ,}!4*uï implements of war, these! and r began to enumerate the articles.
Fine tooth comb, black as I he nee of spades. Good enough idea that; ham used one since 1 can remember; an t he passed it through his shaggy '111 whose appearance fully verified h*» truth of his assertion. "Half a P»!wr of pins. Why don’t the stingy critteis give us move Î An old brass t him ' e, too. Here, mother. I’ll give you that to remember me by,” »nd he °ss (
It into her lap. The drawers then took his attention; the identical pair Hose Mather made, and though they wet better than any he had ever worn, he laughed at them derisively 1 eying them on he succeeded in making Quit a long rip in one of the seams for
Rose's stitches were none the shortest. Th u, with a flourish he kicked them off. uttering an oath as he ren a shirp scratch from the needle w him Rose h id broken, and failed to ext «1-The woolen shirt came next, but remarks he might have made upon tlv.t. were prevented by bis catching «ight of the little brown took which i y at the bottom of the bundle.
"Hurrah. Ht l. if here am t a Iesta-raent. with Harry Baker' inside. Rub by fieorgnl Wonder if I hey s v»sed Id reed it. Let us see whit it says Come unto me «U ye that labor. Mother.
th it means you. scrub! in .and woi kin
you know. Keep ih • pesky tbmg.
ISiÜülBÊi
care- j she should be there. 6he was there, in I what to John was better yet. she
i her hand on Sunn's bowing that thus early she was trying to mother her.
he said, with
was over n year ago now well ami as strong in the left leg, which caused the trouble, as In the other. Of course I recommend highly the use of Dr. Williams’ Pink Mila. '
Such is the stoi y of t he fourth cure which it has been our pleasure to report from Owen Sound. (’heater Gawley is growing up into a strong healthy lad, and it is but adding another tribute to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills to say that they were the instrument in hiii restoration to bodily vigor.
Dr. Williams’ l ink Pills create new blood, and in this way drive disease from the system. A fair trial will
the most skeptical
To
I he Mather cur ihere, and from its window
iretty

nage was
Rose's childish face looked out, now irradiated with smiles as its owner bowed to some acquaintance, and again showered with sympathy as the cries of some bereaved one were heard amid the throng.
Widow Simms, too. was there, drawn thit her by a desire to see if Isaac did march with Charlie Warner, as she hoped he would, notwithstanding that he had told her he was probably too
abort
was taller than he looked, and inasmuch as Charlie was the most aristocratic of the company, she did hope Isaac would go with him. So there she stood wai<ing. not far from Mrs Baker, who had dried her eyes, and for a last look at h"r boys.
sa 11. visit day.
Ami so the splendid Switzer and the great German and his students dined together on potatoes and salt. And what must those students have en joyed in the conversation of those remarkable men I
Sold
convince
only in boxes the wrapper which bears the full trade mark 'Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. If your deal t does not have them I hey will be sent postpaid at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $-.50, by addressing the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brock-ville. Ont.
around
POOR MEMORY
that.—he
She didn't believe
An English bishop was one day waiting at a frt it ion lor a train, and Iwing in good time was indulging in a walk
While
CHAPTER IV
A letter from brother Tom,—1 am so glad. It’s an age since he wrote, and I've been d) mg to hear from home. Dear old Tom 1 and dropping parasol in one place, gloves in another, and dhuwi in another. Hose Mather, who had just come in from shopping, seized the letter lier husband handed her, and eating herself upon un ottoman near the window, begun to read without observing that it was dated at Washington, instead of Boston, as usual.
Gradually, however, there came a shadow user her face, and her husband saw ihe tears gathering slowly in her eyes, ind dropping upon the letter she had been " dying to get.
" \\ hat is it, Hose f" Mr. Mat lier asked, as a sob met his ear.
"Oh, Will, ’ and Hose cried outright, "1 didn't believe Turn would do that ! i thought people like him never went lu ihe war. i mus know he ll be killed. < h, dear, dear. Whal shall 1 do ( and Ruse bill her face in the lap of her husband, w ha loudly caressed her chestnut hair as he replied, t
" You’ll bear it like a brave New England woman. We need just such
brother Tom, and 1 never
up and down the platform thus engaged he met a young officer whose face seemed familiar to him.
As * he two met a second time the bishop said, Good morning third encounter he stopped and asked. How is your father?
The gallant soldier replied, lie has been dead many years The bishop tried again with I he query, How is your mother 1
Well, said the officer, smiling, I ihi.uk she must be all right, for you would certainly have heard if sh * had been indisposed.
'1 he lush "p walked away, but his curiosity was thoroughly aroused. S/e ing the stalioninaster he went toward him, and asked wb the* he could enlighten him as to who the young officer was with whom he had just been speaking Why, your lordship, replied the st • t tournas ter, that is the Duke of Connaught.
The feelings of the bishop who had failed to recognize tlm third son of Queen Victoria, and who had asked s • benevolently after the health of the young officer’s mo. her, can pet haps be imagined.
come
Onward the soldiers came, slowly, steadily onward, the regular trend of their feet and the measured beat of th*‘ drum making solemn music
and pending a chill to many a heart; for ’twas no gala day, no Fourth of July no ol I fashioned general training, they were there to celehr Every drum-heat was a note of
to it
At the
TWO HUNDRED YEARS OLD.
as they
lu liilrrexfliut	Vim I hill I Keeps
IHmmI Time.
c ite
came
any
A most interesting old timepiece is
the
the clock standing in William Fourth’s t>edroom at Hampton Court, an I which Messrs. G.tydon S~ Sons, of Kingston, were recently commissioned
the London Mail.
ate
war, and they who kept time were going forth to battle. Onward onward still they came, George Gra ham’s splendid figure towering above f he rest, and dieting more than one I | fl ittering compliment from the lo<»k-
to repair say The clock was made by Dan Qua re
about I he year lfUM). and is onu*of t be most rem likable piece* of
lUlomai ic, It* is what is
mi cb mism in existence
is a
g rand fa I her ’
commonly known clock standing in a very tall-oak case, with heavy omio'u mounts. Th re are several partirai us in which tbs cluck
In (lie
histily rolling up
he started for the door
I’m tilled. Twon’t p y I guess.
‘Ob Harry. Harry, wait. Wait Hilly I "That’s him.—that’s	John.” and
hn\ do wait . Give your old inarm one Sus in’s voice faltered as she pointed kis" and i h“ poor woman tottered hi in out to the widow, whose heart toward H.uty. wh » savagely repulsed give one great spa-in of pain is she her saving, lie wan’! going to have saw him, an 1 then grew suddenly her slobberin’ over him.”	still with wrath and indignation; for
' You. Hilly, th^n, y n il let no* alas her Isaac, who was to have gone ki:-ss you.wi n't you? ’ m l she turned to- with Ch rlie Warner, son of Rok-want Hi I, who hesb ted a m in nit, tor land’s Judge, was marching with Willi my was in t ho way.	Il un Baker —Fill —who h id lven to t he
rpi	fraiil < f Harry’s jeers, and workhouse twice, to say nothing of the
so he too, refused, while th' wailing tim-s h" hid stolen her rare-ripes arid sc |,,inter	early melons! She had not !o »ked
•Oh'ïli'lv do'rout once, and I've been for anything like this, and could scared p, aid to*you! Just once, do, Billy.” rely believe her senses •Shan’t do it ” was Bill's reply, as there they were, right before h f< il.wed Harry, who, as a farewell her ey s Isaac and Bill the former “rung h-d hurled a stone at a c w » hoping his mother would not see him. -,cross t |v street set th- dog on his and the latter trying not to see Ins mother’s kitten, stepped on the old ; mo* her, who was quite as much de-..,11 an,j ,hcn left the yard, slam- lighted to see him with Isaac 6>mms ftcr him the rickety gate his es the widow would have been had hid tried in vain to have him Is ae been with Charlie Warner, just
in front.
There was Mrs. Raker had followed her sons to
the hall, had heard the reason for th» captain’s decision, and she talked out in a loud exultant tone.
"Miss Simms! Miss Simms do you see your Ike with Billy? Cap’n Johnson would have put him with Charlie Warner if he hadn’t fell short two inches Look kinder nice together, don’t they? only Ike stoops a trifle,
' "Oh* t hat I should raise sich hoys ! ’pears to me."
-that I should raise sich boys!”	It didn’t "pear” so to Widow Simms.
"Mother ” lie said, and Mrs Baker’s but l hen her eyes were blurred heart fairly leaped at the sound, f«>r t h it she could no* see distinctly, there was genuine sympathy in the for. at range to say < h” sharpest pang tone "Mother now that Hal has of all was the knowing that Isaac, so aune I don’t mind kissin’ you, or let- pure so genii*, so giil-like, must be tin’ vou kiss me, if you want to.”	» companion for reckless, swearing,
The doleful moan was a perfect gambling Bill and for a time she scream as the shrivelled arms clasped could not quite forgive her youngest Bill while the joyful mother kissed the Iiorn that he had not been just rough but not ill-humored face.	two inches taller. Blind, ignorant
*	don’t screech so like an Widow Simme, th* hour will coma
ers
is almost, if not quite urn-|U“
it goes for twelve months
men as youi
respected him one half so much as now ih.it he lias shown how truly noble he is. lie was greatly opposed to Lincoln, you know, and worked hard to defeat him; but ujw that our country is in danger, He, like a true patriot, has thrown aside all political feeling and gone to the rescue 1 honor him for it, and may success attend him.
" Y es,
idea struck hei
Southern f i lends think of him ( and
he has got .1 he ip of them. There j ;i„s li:I1(, miles •l 11 1 ll ‘ Bim >- -ni I Frunxline from roiM ;iIl , f,,u teen miles >outh-west New Or lean . the Richardsons in Alo- ()f t> vmouth breakwater. Faltlo'me bile, and those nice peupie in i hir es- ^ i;l.,n(1 -n (he British Channel ton,—what will they say when they |_ mjjc and a half in rireunifyr-he,ir he has taken up arms against * gut consisting mostly of
them ? and he always used to quarrel g u a( ;tn , apports a _____________!..
so with those stiff Abodiiomsts in besides the lighthouse, with a revolv-
Boston, when they aai I the Southerners had no right to their slaves. Tom insisted thy had, and that the North meddling with whit was none of its business, ant now he's turned a bond joined too,—dear, dear."
first plac
at a linn* without winding

but more
rk it«l** th ill this i< its ingénu us [« is what is known vs a lo k and be. ides ie«o dit ff f i he mont h and t h mot t h >
SMALLEST IN THE WORLD
ram
merh it ism V inn'
the day	.
of the y ai it a ho utomat ten! Jy hows
t h • time of un lise an 1 sunset.
The last time the clock h ul *d was early in ‘he P«c cat cen-For 1 he last forty y ar 1 ow-the clock had no l for tin
The smallest inhabited island in I be world is that on which the Eddy ton •
lighthouse stands is 30 feet in diameter; at high water the lighthouse, whose diameter at tin* base is 28-31 feet, completely covers
At low water it
was over
iuien upted Rose, as a new
but whit will his
i u y <• e
been wound splendid w( a ne** t or i t In t Messrs. G perf ct a
it. It is inhabited by three persons.
the Corn h
I* rp nk we mm ship of ou dir h» e c pi n t ha works in a •is v bn t he clock w a c
off
I
t
cal
Yet
l

ml
I
s no rca cm why il s t
and ther n ill s fo n o 1 e
rich farmhouse*.
200 y w r s
ing light 105 feet above t lie sea
FURTHER EXPLAINED Did you say
his fortune by some important discoveries in medic i! lore?
Yes. answered Miss Cayenne discovered a new way to adverti c a reliable recipe.
cat s
REVERSED ACTION.
Didn't you know old Mr. Jobson, who leads the life of a recluse ?
When I knew him he was leading the life of a loose wreck.
SHE SAW TOO MUCH.
She, after marriage — You (old me thnt I was your first love, but I have found a whole trunk-full of letters ,v from all sorts of girls, just bursting with tenderness.
(He—I—I—said you were the first I ever
only one who ever loved me. See?
that gentleman made
ming a m it h sr
fix before he went.
HilIv, however, waited wmieiiVtng more humin in his nature
* i. He had not
and the
was
In i mst
Mr. Mather smiled at Rose's reasoning, and after a moment, replied, "i have no idea that Tom has changed his mind in the least with regard to the negroes, or that he loves his Southern friends one whit the less than when defending them from Negroes and Southern proclivi-
1 Ie
Yes
than in his brother’s
thrown hi# Testament eway^
Bight of it in his bundle hid touched
tender chord, m 'king him half re-
Wat chi ng his bro-
METFORIC.
Speaking of infant prodigies! exclaimed th* Chinese emperor.
Your majesty enjoys : oine dislinr • tion in tint line, rejoined the faithful old courtier.
I should say so. Here I am a I nek number before most men are fairly started in life!
a
solve to read it ther till he was out of sight, be went bark to where his mother sat, moaning
dolefully •
”Oh-
abuse
ties hive nothing to do with it. blow has been struck nt the very heart of our Union, and Tom feels it his duty to resent it this: suppose you, in a pet, were trying to scratch your mother's eyes out, and Tom should try to prevent it.
Would you t hink him false to you, be-he took the part of his mother ?
Would you not rather respect him far more than if he stood quietly by and saw you fight it out !”	! horses
"It is not very likely 1 should try then I’ll give you some pointers on
to scratch out another’s eyes,” said how to bet.
loved. I didn't says you were the
It’s just like
IMPROVING THE HORSES.
Young Man, at race course—What is the object of all this?
Old Stager—To improve the breed of horses, sir—to improve the breed of
Come, let’s tike a drink, and
WHAT IIE’D DO?
Wife—What would you do if you had no wife to look after you mend
ing. I’d like to know?
Husband—Do? Why. in that case could afford to buy new clothe*.
cause
i
•‘Thero, now
/

i


\
###PAGE###7###

t
r
FHE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
hud gone, and when all the three can-1 Lord's vineyard, and are not doing I Flesh of our flesh Heart of our heurt,
M dies were gone out, then the day had I your duty. All those who have serv- I Sorrow of our eorrow. Am long am He
passed. O, that some of urn, instead oiled Christ, however eminent, have been I remembers Lazarus's grave He will I	--
calculating our days, and nights, and I maltreated at some stage of their ex- stand by you in the cemetery. Ah long | INTERNATIONAL LESSON, NOV. o ™ w w.,u.rni DDViriiRS a y# i by ans « thiy time pieoe, might Ipsrisnoe Y.»u know it was ho in the m ii« remembers Ilia own heartbreak,
REV. DR. TALMAGE rntAtilLa n calculate them by t tie numbers of op-1 time of George Whitefleld, when he ue will stand by you in the laceration
TIMELY SERMON.	portuntties and mercies which are I stood and invited men into the king „f your affections. When he forgets
burning down and burning out, never I dom of God. What did the learned 1 the foot-sore way. the sleepless nights, to lw relighted, lent at last we be amid Doctor Johnson may of him f He pro-1 i he weary body, the exhausted mind, the foolish virgins who cry, "Dur lamps I nounoed him a miserable mounlebrnk. the awful cross, the solemn grave, t hen have gone out.”	I I low was it	when Robert Hall stood tie will forget you, but not until then
Again; I commend the behaviour of	pud spoke as	no uninspired man ever Often when we were in trouble wi
the disciples of all who arc tempted. 1 1 did speak of the glorias of heaven ( sent for our friends; but they wen
have heard men in mid-life say they I and am he stood Sabbath after Sabbath far away, they could not get to us. \\ f | restoration of true worship in Jerus-had never been led into temptation, preaching on these themes his face to them:	C,,mo right away," or tele-	W()U,(J Q(it at onC4i affeCt the re*	L,... .............................^......
1 K 1	.	, man hoppled and handcuffed, as long as 'Robert Hall is only acting, and the hn coming. Bui < hrlmt is always near | pie Gf the provinces took but little part
following text:--” And him dlHCI,> v he lies quietly, does not test the I smile on bis face is a reflection of his | *, fore you, liehind you, wit bin you^ went and told Jesus.*'—Matt. xiv. 12. JIOWttr 0f , jie chain; 1 ut when ho rises own vanity.'* John Wesley turned all No mother ever threw her arms around
.....
taken place. To appease a m veng	(htm he fm,|H (}ie power of the Lifter him, and the meanest jokes in towards you. Close at hand — nearer | h ((J n,)t l)6€|i jield. The greatest of
King Herod ordered t he death	And ^ere artt men who have I England we re perpetrated about John thin the staff upon which you lean,
...... -,
John in© if p •	Imbit. who have never felt the power street, it is true of the shop, and the which you wipe away your tears —I passed ; but the king, as
i thrown in «» gn«	()f t|lt, ohiiin, because they have never store. All who live godly in Christ preach Him an ever present, all sympa- froua	second	verse,	| g
dismay. They found themselves ut- trjw) (o	a	jt \H very easy to Jesus	thizing, compassionate Jesus. ‘1,,w ed to keep it in th'i first year J
UmIv defenceless. There was no au- go down with the el ream and with the MUST SUFFER PERSECUTION. can you stay away one moment from r«ign, although it was not P«;*«''
mmm
We must get out of the way for coming the religion of Jesus Christ, whun (o a punctual passover
We must get off the lifts every burden, and wipes aw «y jearn from verse 3.	¦,
on. and every tear, and delivers every cap] i e not sanctified themselves sufficient iy.
and lightens every darkness, I imp.oie <$ At that time. The fourteenih <>1 you now, go and tell Jesus.	Nisan, which was the first month. t
I was reading of a little child who pr|pqta had not sanctified themse.vei went vviih her father, a sea captain,	(y. there was a ceiemoiiM
to sea, and when ‘he first storm came offering and cleansing which 1 ‘"‘J the little child was very much Light- hvl DO, ^.id time to engage m, because ened, and in the night rushed out of , h-1 t H,iple had only just been cjosns-th'1 cabin, and said: "Where is fath- e,j ‘ Sufficiently" does not refer to erf Where is father?" Then they thp »uffici«nt cleansing, but to the
Father is on deck guiding .sufficient number of priests who had
been cleansed. Neither had the people gathered themselves together to Jerusalem. The holy custom of the passover hid been disused for y»»ars, and indeed there was no reason Tor worshipers to assemble in Jerusalem as long as the temple was not open.
4.	The thing jxeased the king and all the congregation. As the religious reformation proceeded its momentum increased. The king was delighted at the prospect of a religious festival. Jpruaslein eagerly followed his leadership. All the people of Judah acquiesced, and now all eyes were turned to
t heir brethren in Israel.
5.	All Israel from Heer-sheba even to
the south-
to the
“WKMT AND TOLD JESDS
Nesrltlull'll !¦ real I’iisMIV*r." % I liron :w II:*. liolden Text. ‘1 Hi roe. .'MM.
PRACTICAL NOTES.
Verse 1. As Paris is said to be
h il
I il all
h
l,e»to
(hi- lln»ll<t-W*H Wm »¦ Krrlwft
__Ihr l»r. «'ominriiil. Ihr II	«I
,kr nurlplr» •« "Il wh" «re Trmplerf,
AUntMl wml Mill N-
Franc© in miniature, su Jerusalem was Judah in miniature
Never! he lens, t he
h h il In nil whe are drrrd nud Per»r rated
Rev. Or
in formai worship except by participa-
nnual feativals. During
(hem watt the pa sauver, and the regu-
it was already
worn ni
shall learn
was del eimin* of his
(nn
we
disciples were
yet
waters
i, and it he might
I
who, with tears
brush putting upon the wall of n |> > noe some scene of sacred story, give o so skilful a stroke as when * he plain hind of the evangelist writes, iniy
IIESIIBee
history of all I he eons and daughter» of our rare an incursion of rough-hand ml troubles that come to plunder, and
f|«M»t set courser cannot hear us hey owl the quick pursuit. The arrows they , hi->. un
nut to the at ring fly with unerring dart tation.
until we fall pierced and stunned, it ,j„,r	i1(. IS never assaulted of the
to me that there has never been power9 0f darkness. If you think you
sod must hr broken. I he ground I*» plough'd for resurrection
rescue
t rouble ; how much endure to get him out ?	|
go through any hardship. You would| over__________
say: “I don't care what it will cost; division between I must g*f him out of that, trouble. | should not hinder
I he
tfl
and, as i he priests had
Wti
many
ituaI trouble
to you a most appropriate message mvin lo bind u„ nil your grief* into a bun-lie, nnd net «hem on fire with » spark from God's altar. The same pre»- oc- upy it a
eriotion that cured i be aorrow of the soon lM. gone, lie crawled upon disciples will cure nil your henrt-nches. crutches to the chair, and once having
'	misTBRPKOM.im.
I should stoop; but now I have found ! The dust must press our eyelids. ‘ It them, why should 1 ktoop any longer? js appointed unto all men once to die " and he threw away his crutches and | emigration from time into eter-w.as well again. How illustrative of nj|y keeps three-fourtIn of the fanii-the power of temptation. You think i,** ()f the earth in desolation. The it is a weak and crippled influence; a|r rent with farewells, and the but give it a chance and it will be a black-tassel led vehicles of death rum-pope, it will bo a tyrant in your mill, hie through every street. The body of it will grind you to atoms. No man jhe child that was folded closely to the has finally and for ever overcome mot fair's heart is put away in the cold temptation until he has left the world. ! .in,| the darkness. The laughter freez Hut what are you to do with these ,.s to the girl’s lip, and the rose# scat-temptations? Tell everybody about tars. The boy in the harvest field of them? Ah, what a silly man you would shunam. says:	'My head, my head,"
I tel As well might a commander in a 1 and they carry him home to die on the fort send word to the enemy which | |ap of his mother. Widowhood stands gate of the castle is least barred, as! with tragedies of woo struck into the for you to go and tell what all your j pH|lor of tin cheek. Orphanage cries frailties are, and what all your temp- [n Vain for father and mother. O, the tations are. The world will only cari- grave is cruel! With teeth of stone, cature you. will only scoff at you. j, clutches for its prey. Between the What then, must a man do? When closing gates of the sepulchre our the wave strikes him with terrific hearts are mangled and crushed. Is dash, shall we have nothing to hold Uhere any earthly solace? None. We to? In this contest	with "the	come	to the obsequies,	we sit with the
world, the flesh and the	devil." shall	grief-sticken, we	talk	pathetically to
a man have to help? no	counsel? My	their	soul; but	soon	the obsequies
text indicates something	different. In	have	possed, the	carriages have left
those eyes that wept with the Bethany us at the door, the friends who stay-sisters,	ed for a few days are gone, and the
heart sits in desolation listening for the little feet that will never again patter through the hall, or looking for the entrance of those who will never come again—sighing into the darkness. Ever and anon coming on some book or garment, or little shoe or picture, that arouses former association, almost killing the heart. Long days and nights of suffering that wear out the spirit, and expunge the bright lines of life, ami give haggardness to the face, and draw the flesh tight down over the cheek-bone, and draw dark lines under the sunken eye, and the hand is tremulous, and the voice is husky and uncertain, and the grief is wearing, grinding, accumulating, exhausting. Now what are much to do? Are they merely to look up into a brazen ami unnitying heaven? Are they to walk a blasted field unfed of stream, unsheltered by overarching trees? Has God turned us out on the barren commons to die? O. no! no I no! He has not. He comes with sympathy, and kindness and love. He understands all our grief. He sees the height, and the depth, and the length, and the breadth of it. He is I he only one that can fully ithize.
GO AND TELL, JESUS.
I
!
told hei ,	.
t h>* vessel an 1 watching the s'mrn.
The little child immediately return ed to her berth and said: "It s a right, for father's on deck."	Ve
who are tossed and driven in this world, up by the mountains and down by the valleys, and at your wits end, I want you to know the Lord God is guiding the ship. Your Father is on fleck. He will bring you th.ough Hie darkness into the harbour.
army
tiful city, the army in silence lifted a shout that
MADE THE EARTH TREMBLE
O, you soldiers of Jesus t hrist, i I ing on toward heaven, l would that >
might 1» lifted into great rejoicing, and that Wore this service m ended you might raise one glad hosanna
th!nIthedfirst place, Ï commend the h©-haviour of these disciples to all those in the audience who are sinful and un pardoned. There comes a ttme in a1-most every man's history when he feels from some source that he has an err ing nature. The thought may not have much heft as to fell him. It may be only like i he flash in an evening cloud iusi after a very hot summer day On * mm. to gel rid of that pression, will go to prayer ; another will »tim ulate himself by ardent spirits, and another man will dive deeper in «ecu-larities. But sometimes a man can not get rid of these impressions. Driven, and perplexed, and harassed as you have I teen by sin, go and tell Jesus. To relax the grip of death from your and plant your unshackled feet upon the golden throne, Christ let the tortures of Calvary's mount transfix Him. With f he beam of his own Cross He will break down the door of your dungeon. From the thorns of His own crown He will pick enough gems to ke your brow blaze wi' h eternal victory. In every tear on Hia wet cheek: in every gash of Iiis side : in every long, blackening mark of laceration from shoulder to shoulder ; m the grave-shattering, heaven storming death groan, i hear Him say:	Him
that cometh unto me I will in no wise cast out." "O,' but you say. "instead of curing my wound you want to make another wound, namely, that of conviction" Have you never know n a surgeon to come and find a chronic disease, and then with sharp caustic burn it all out ? So the grace of <*od comes to the old sore sin It has long »*en rankling there, but by Divine grace it is burned out through these fires ot
the, flesh coining again SS
where
i
march
ntUST IN THE LORD.
Let me say that if
Go and tell Jesus, you do not you will have no comfor here, land you will for ever be an outcast and a wanderer. Your life wi.i be a failure. Your death wi.l be sorrow. Your eternity will be a disaster. Hut if you go to Him for pardon and sympathy, all is we 1 Everything will brighten up, and joy will come to the heart, and sorrow will depart; your sins will be forgiven and your foot will touch the upward-paths and the shining messengers that report above what is done here will tell it until the great arches of Uort resound with tin glad tidings, if now. with contrition end full t lustful of soul, you will only go and tell
That is, from
of Judah
f Israel
I)an
a
extremity
ern
northern extremity	.	,
had not done it of a long t ime in such sort as it was written. I he Revised Version gives the true meaning of the Hebrew; They had not kept it in great numbers:	the multitudes had not
; 1 he worship of Jehovah had been
They
come
In disfavor.	iL iL . ..
6. So the post went with the letters.
Special messagers. on horseback, doubtless, hastened from province to province with the king's proclamation. The remnant of you that are escaped of the hand of the kings of Assy-Apparent ly Tiglath-pileser
here referred to, and the
on
ness
hut I am oppressed, when I look over this audience, at the prospect that some may not take this counsel, and go away unblessed. I cannot help asking what will be the destiny of these people? So I never care whether it comes into the text or not , l never leave my place on this pi at fo-in without telling them that now is the time, and to some, perhaps, the last.
Xerxes looked off on his army. There were two million men—per hips the finest army ever marshalled. Xerxes rode along the lines, reviewed them. (Vime back, stood on some hign point, looked off upon the two million men, and burst into tears. At hat moment, when every one supposed he would he in the greatest exultation, he broke down in gnef, They asked him why he wept. “Ah." he said.
at the thought that so soon al
So I stand
I SEE SHINING HOPE
out
was
rta
In that voice which spoke until the grave
Bad back her lost
slept, and sorrow stupendous woke up in the arms of rapture, in that voice I hear the command and the promise: "Cast thy burden on the Lord, and He will sustain thee." Why should you carry your burdens any longer? O, you weary soul, Christ has been in all this conflict. He says: "My grace shall be sufficient for you shall not shall lie sufficient for you shall not be tempted above that you are able to bear.” Therefore with all your temptations, go, as these disciples did, and tell Jesus.
Again: I commend the behaviour of i he disciples to all those who are abused and slandered, and persecuted When Herod put John to death, the disciples knew that their own heads were not safe. And do you know that every
John has a H«n><i fÿflgp HlHH s .ns In life who do not wish you very well
c »mbs to them
they hiss at you, misinterpret your motives, and would he glad to see you upset. No man gets through life without having a pommelling WÊÊKtÊ slander comes after you, horned, and tusked, and hoofed, to gore and trample yofl ; and what are you to do? I tell you plainly that all who serve Christ must suffer persecution. It is the worst sign in the world for you to he able to say : "I haven’t an enemy in the world.” A woe is pronounced in the Bible against the one of whom everybody speaks well. If you are at peace with the world, and everybody likes you and approves your work, it
are an idler In the
soul
the kmg
plural is adopted because his viceroys were associated with him in Hezekiah’s mind. Shalmaneser can hardly be
for his invasion apparently
broke and the widow of Nain
and the sea
meant came later.
7 lie not like your fathers and like your brethren. The history of Israel had been the history of abandonment of the true God. Gave them up to desolation. The tribes beyond Jordan hid practically fallen out of the history of Israel. They have been so overrun by hostile eastern armies that they seem to have been almost forgotten.
Yield yourselves unto the Lord.
hand in hand with If even now Israel had
m=t
8
God's grace goes bis judgment. truly and radically returned to God. tip* complete overthrow might have been avoided.
9. Your brethren and your children shill find compassion before them that lead them captive. The first reason for restoring the full service of the true God in his temple was that the fierceness of divine, wrath might l»e turned away from those that left in the land. The second is that those already taken captive shall lie . The Lord your God is grac-l merciful, and will not turn away his face from you if ye return unto him. Here is an everlasting truth, often lost sight of even by Christlin workers. When young men and especially when young commit certain sins society them out. on I there is an unw it ten and unrecognized, but very wicked, superstition that God also casts them God makes no difference between
weep __
this host will be gone, looking off upon this host of immortal mon ond women, and realize the fart, as perhaps no man can. unless he has been in a similar position, that soon the places which know you now will know you no more, and you will be gone—whither Î Whither? There is a
stirring idea which the poet put in
when he sold:
There are per-
Your misfortunes are honey-
Through their teet h
conviction,
the flesh on a little child ;
sin abounded, grace once moreabound-With the ten thousand unpnr-
were
duiv‘d sins of your life, this morning
GO AND TELL JESUS.
You will never get rid of your sms in any otlvM way; and remember that the broad invitation which l extend to you will not always he extended, i was reading of King Alfred, who, in the days long before the modern timepieces were invented, used to divide the dnv into three parts, eight hours each, and then had three wax candles. By the time the first candle had burned to the socket, eight hours had gone, and when the second candle had burned to the •f*'VeL • wither eight hours
gym
boum
very peculiar verse
•• *Tis not for man to trifle; life is brief.
And sin is here;	.	,
Our age is but the falling of a leaf—
A dropping tear.
Not many lives, but only one have
Some! im-8 when we have trouble we go to our friesi Is and we explain it, and t hey try to sympathize; but they do not understand it They cannot understand it. But Christ sees all over it, and all through it. He not only counts the tears and records the groans, but before the tears started, lie-fore the groans began. Christ saw the inmost hiding place of your sorrow, and He takes it, and He weighs it, and He measures it, and He pities it with ¦ all absorbing pity. Bone of our bone.
restored
lous an
women,
casts
we—
One. only one;
sacred should that one life ever be—
That narrow span.*
How

out
an
is because you
_t
m
###PAGE###8###

\
>
r
T
\
\
i
x
Shorey’s Ready-to-Wear
Rigby Waterproofed Freize Ulsters
K
o—
•)
If we could get the blue goggles off people, what a different world this would seem. Man is prone to prejudice, as the sparks fly upward. We are alwnys forming conceptions in the absence of light, and reaching conclusions in advance of facts. There are plenty of people who have never been in Ottawa, who are foolish enough to believe that Ottawa people walk backwards to keep their pants from bagging at the knees. Plenty of people in the States are convinced that in Canada wo cut the claws off the bullfrog to keep him from scratching the moss off the backs of the inhabitants, who, according to reports, wear ear rings, swear in Choctaw and eat pea soup. We have to confess that even in this country we are not free from those who conceive a Yankee to be a bumptious individual with hook and billy goat whiskers, who talks bad English through his nose and punctuates his sentences with avalanches of tobacco juice. All this is the result of the tendency of humanity to build conclusions on most inadequate foundations.
«
Made from pure wool, 3a oz. to the yard
Frieze. Five pockets.— Deep flaps.-—Six inch collar, with throat tab.—Double stich-ed edges—Raised seams. Length 54 inches. Nine colors. Black, Blue, Mid Brown, Drab, Claret, Heather, Oxford, Blue mixture and Olive mixture.
Waterproof, Windproof, Frostproof, Comfortable.
Sold by all reputable dealers from Nova Scotia to British Columbia for
H. S. Dowd’s Column
<

note
''THE LEADING HOUSE"
Now, When We Tell You
That we have something new and fetching in SUITINGS, don’t come to the conclusion that they are dear, but call in and eve what a beauty you can get for little money. We make them to lit any form.
$6.75
f
The SecretfIVàluZnZ of Success 1 :	:
Is in always having the right goods at the right time and at the right prives. Our customers know that they can always get just what they want here. The Fall and Winter season of 1898 wdl not find us behind the mark. Every department is now filled with only the best goods desirable for a Canadian winter—Comfortable Furs, Comfortable Clothing Comfortable Bedding* etc., etc., and the prices are am near right as the combined efforts of ready money and years of experience can possibly make them.
Shorty's Guarantee Card in the pocket, of course. Insist on seeing it, it is a good square guarantee.
ft. R- McGill RG.
THE TAILOR.
Shoreys Rcady-to-Wear Clothing can be obtained from the following firms :
n. s. DOWD, ..
G. F HUDGINS,
O’MEARA BROS.
Paul McNally,
F. A. MAYLONEY,
24th, ult
Messrs. John McVeigh, M.
----	I Le Hoy and A. Durie, acted as judges.
Several hunting parties passed through First prize was awarded to Horatio Ca here the week before last. Our back hill; second, Robert Letts; third, Alex townships are evidently becoming very Tremblay. The day was fine and a pretty popular hunting grounds.	J good crowd came to see the match, which
In consequence of the diphtheria scare. I fouPd seems to be a very large de-there were no services held here on Sun- ! ^1 ^ g'dcna uu Mr. John La day, 23rd ult. in either churches. The PrnPerty*
Rev. R C. Horner was also notified on / Mr Editor, I nearly forgot my Wednesday to close his revival meetings, sv * a,liafraid 1 am taking up too much which he did forthwith.	apace in your valuable paper; you may
not allow me to write again. But you know on account of the rejoicing of capturing Clutie I had to write this time.
McGinnis.
LOCAL ITEMS
QtrYON.
Sll AW VILLE,
Bryson.
Campbell’s Bay Chapeau.
Euergt&inq • • •
Job Printing
The Dress Goods Department
III lilt*
wne, jr.,
Lino of
This department is filled with the latest novelties in plain and fancy Black Goods, ranging from 25 conte per yard to $1 50 per ya'id. Colored Cashmeres and Serges In all the desirable colors for this season's wearing.
Scotch and French Plaids in great variety, from 10 cents to GO cents per yard.
EXËCrTED WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH AT
Mr. D. Kennedy writing from Deux Rivieres, states that they arrived there about the 17th, ult. He also remarks
THE EQUITY OFFICE
o 1	«n	that fhey were having very wet weather
kDilcLWVlllG, vJUG. UP there at the time he wrote, and says
I there was snow to be seen on the ground the day he arrived thereon. Friend Dan., of course, wants The Equity sent to him.
A party of about 20 American sportsmen spent an hour in	town the	, 1>r* “enry Rutteney Wright, died sud-	¦	i
other evening, while on their	way from a	",6nv on Saturday morning about 3	111	TUB	wlJLIS	J
FOR SERVICE.	I hunting tour up the Coulonge. They	°cloc^- Syncope or heart failure was I	—	>
---	! were conveyed by a special	train from	the cause of his demise. Dr. Wright had I	DOpcLPtlUOXlt	"
Th« undersigned offerslfor servtcehi. pure- Fort Coulonge, and while waiting for the been in the best of spirits during the ^ bred Berkshire Hog. ^EORQECATER, «ast bound train to paee here, the “.port." P"'"""' l,V’ and apparently in good
8h aw v’l I le. seised an opportunity of having a look health. On the invitation of Lord A her---------------------------j through our village.	deen, he, in company with Mrs. Wright
,, had dmed Ridvau Hall. He had pro-During the protracted wet spell viously promised Dr. Pcwell to be at the
T:.; issuste;.* sr mls Ia sta$u
¦as zi1 rZ'-t'zl'Szst'V: I Departmsnt -
move in the direct nn of macadamising Wright on arriving that he had a pain then., we fancy rt would meet w.th the between hie shoulders and felt chilly, and general approval and would be decidedly | a6ked her to get him some chlorodyne more aatisfactory and cheaper in the end, Thi, Mrs. Wright could not find and the compared with the amouiit of labor and doctor told her nhenacetine would
rr BUaket8 M4
:p:' as	to-zA'sr & fiS Comfort0r3 - -
ab de	breathing heavy, at once telephoned to	f We have never shown such
A little boy of Mr. Sam. Hamilton of ,	, . . ,to con*^> but when she got E3?* •; a line of White and Gray
North Clarendon, had the misfortune of J)?ck *° her husband s bedside, she found	[ Blankets and Comforters.
him dead.
The late Dr. Wright was in his 47th -	• •	—¦	..
year, and leaves behind to mourn his lose, IdâClieS WOOllÔH a wife and seven children.	¦¦	¦
underwear...
Sudden Beach of Dr. H. P. Wright
HEART FAILURE REMOVES ONE OF OTTAWA'S
LEAPING PHYSICIANS.
Hog forjiervice. |	BerlîStljFB H(|
The undersigned offers for service tils	__	0
purebred Large English Berkshire Hog “ Jerry.” bred y and purchased from Mr, XV J. Shelby, of Harrowsmlth. Out, Fee One Dollar.
We have nothing. old to • » show you
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
ALEX. HR AN,
lx)l 18, K. 3 Clarendon
Sept. 17, 1898
L'ir.


WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY

Farm For Sale.

v
The undersigned offers for sale his Farm, being part of I/>ts 9 »nd 10 on the Fourth R^nge of itie Township of Clarendon. containing luuacres, and situated ij miles from Sh iwville. About 60 acres aee cleared and partly under cultivation. The soil is good clay and lo«m mixed The premises are well watered and have erected thereon a dwelling house, barn, shed* and other outbuildings. For terms and other particulars apply to
F

M>
LX




You will find an extensive range of Canadian and English flannellettee from 4 cents to 15 cents per yard.
etc. etc.
do
A complete stock of the above always on hand at
GEO. C. HOPGlXS
on hr Premise*, or by let er to Hhawvllle P. 0
a jvr.
Main St. - - Shawville.
MPA l KING A SPECIALTY.
SHAWVILLE
Hair Dressing Parlor
I
FOR SALE.
getting very severely burned on Monday evening the 17th ult. It seems the little fellow who was playing alone down ataiis, had got hold of some matches, which in some way became ignited and set fire to tho child’s clothing. His screams at once attracted his sisters attention, who rushed down stairs to find, to her horror, that the little fellow's clothes were all ablaze. She soon succeeded however, in quench» in: the devouring element and	her
A ll I lie above Stock Is registered and very little brother’s face and breast to be pretty cho,c*	badly burned.	*
The undersigned offers for sale the following Registered Stock :
A few SHROPSHIRE Ewes,
Ram Lambs,
Ram (14 years old).
Also, some BERKSHIRE Pigs, two monts old.
MAIN ST., - - SHAWVILLE
Will Take the Philippines
If.von rrquire a Hn«r Cut or shave
you
are guaranteed sntlMsctiou at the Shaw ville Flair l»r«M>lng Parlour.
Several
It
w;th, or without sleeves, ribbed or plain, all sizes el ties in L adies’ Wool, Cashmere and Kid Gloves.
The latest nov
One
THE V. S. OFFERS TO ASSUME A PORTION
OF THF, DEBT.
Paris, Oct. 31.—The American
missionerstoday presented a written ex T>lû filA+Ttîn w pression of the purpose of the United A WlOVUlUg'
Department..
a	lion of the Philippine debt ns have been
Public^ Notice.	Repot ts in almost every newspaper of ?hel> inhabiunt^in^ubl'ii wwkSptlve'
$Ée
..... ! M-"R	h" W'l».. M,
iliil
snsrîssa î.i Shi-™ i. ... um—=c.s^,£tF
iasssss »,-r». ..r,.... jm w,... ;%- w	- - ““»» b-oJ.	iÿZLZr s t
"Scientific American.	„ .
iKKr.?ÏÏPÏ15: rtSTtot Wel,fr s"‘d.r. .1 Berlin, Ont., gl.neti pr,'« ^ W‘th	ue" jorit, of 9.M1 in f.,TiFpr.Bwiion"-
mœ&sam s---—H-sssæî*- dssssF «
44
Parties wishing to have their razors honed or »!ri hst d «mu have t lo rn put In cxr*ell nt condition for from 15 to 25cents.
Try my Haik Tonic.
com
JOHN SMITH.
ED. K. BROWNLEE,
Clarendon
I
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO
ROCHE PONDU
Confidence in the clothing department whs established long ago, but will be largely increased when you see the well made, neat.fitting stylish-looking suits we are selling at $5.00, $0.00 $8.00 and $10,00. Mens’ fall overcoats, equal to tailor-
made, at $5.00 to $1.00 underwear in all sizes and qualities, and at the very lowest prices.

Cars run at intervals of twenty minutes In the rooming and fifteen minutes in the afternoon, dally, Sundays Included.


Men's
When you come to Aylmer don’t fail to shoot the chute ai Queen’s Park.
Go through the maze puzzle If you van.
Hide on the Merry-go-round.
The Delecacies of the Table#
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
Groceries j
W ater chute affords the flne.-t amusement , in the country. Endless chain taken vou up In a boat and gravity l> tugs vou down with a great aplasb into the wu er, but you don’t get wet.
Close connection* are made with «Il Pana dlan Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pad tic at Aylmer.
rive Murdered la Manitoba
Baggage promptly handled
W. R. TAYLOR,
Sec-Trees
You’ll be glad if you do and sorry if you don't visit our shoe depart* ment, and get our prices on all up-to-date goods. Our store is filled from floor to ceiling with the very latest in Fall Footwear, for ladies and children, men and boys. Our stock is admired by all sales are large, and this year will be a record breaker.
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE


PATENTS
Ull!
Our
He
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
, and There
¦ - THE LEADIKS HOUSE - ¦
H. S. DOWD, - - - QUYON,




I

