###PAGE###1###
ERREUR (S) DE DATE
Xo. 23,-1 Dr H Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, DEC. 11,
1901.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
PERSONAL
BANK OF OTTAWA
1
M. «T. Brome, fruit <]c n Inst- week.
A Christmas Present
Great Clearing Sale
r, of < UtAwa, |
GIRL WANTKD fo do general house-ork. Apply at Thb Equity Omui;.
16 Cabinet* ftt regular dozen rate now
H. I whom, Photographer.
¦	Christmas Goods—A nice assortment
AAA aaa Pancy Goods nil kind*—suitable for >pU,vVv,UUv. Xmas presents. Don't min* examining
this display.	W. T. Karl.
Coupon and Local Tickets to all parts of the world. All Information cheerfully given. J. K. TlKHNLY, Railway and Ticket Agent, Am prior, Ont.
was in
Mitt Mary W friend1- in tv un.
Mr Herb H ;ins, son of our townsman Richard Hodgins, arrived here from Vermont cm Monday.
Head Offl •»! .. üupltâà wntjirritxd jwid tip ..
OTTAWA. CANADA
.......
OP CANADA.
)
î
Ht
s uniting
till Xniû*
Kent

Hoard of I>i rector s
•!»
Charles Magee, Esq., President. George Hat, ehq., Vice-President.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Join* Math
Datip MacLakkn, Ehq.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
ÎÏOM. G so. Rhybon. Jr Alkx.Frarih, Ewq,
Dgkms Mi rpmy. Esq
Clark
No. 3.—Grade IV.—Bertha Quinn L\ Sella Quinn 2, Ethel Stark 3. Grade III.—May Cox 1, Lawrence llarriN 2, Stella Murphy and Vivian Smiley (equal) 3, Amelia Stark 4. Grade IF.—Mary Crick 1, Pearl Mur phv 2, Mav Young 3, Louisa Stark 4, Edna Stark f>.
L. Carmichael, Teacher.
Head Office, ¦ Montreal.
GEORGE BURN D. M. E1NN1K
GtnenlManager ». Manager
Branch** •
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln.
Keaptville,
MatUwa,
Ottawa,
Car-load Fruit Just In.
Apple# in large variety from 12 to SB per barrel ; Oranges, Crapes, Cranberries, Figs and Dates. Figs at 6 eta. i pound.
W. T. CAM
SHÀWÏILLE BRANCH,
3 SPECIAL LINES.
1st • Ladies' Cloth Jackets :
Lanark,
Pam Sound Pemorokt,
Alexandria, Am prior, Avonmorf, liracebriUgt,
Carle ton
Money loaned on approved eeeurity at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parte of the world.
Rat Portage, Winchester, do Baukët. Renfrew do Rideau St. Toronto, ?ankleelc Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA ;
Ho
Place,
Hawkeebury,
• - FAUCI GROCERY
Clarendon- No 3-Gradc II.—W. Harris Eunice Cox (e<»ual)2, Pansy Pryi Lufclla Lynch 4, Vance Stone 5. u I., 8rDaisy Fulford I Vertel Smiley 3, Ethel Been 4. Grade I„ Jr.—Jessie Fraser 1, Elsie Otn-,.	- stead 3, Emerson Dean 4, John Brown
is attending I 3» Juvenile Class.—Willie Crick 1,
Norman Stark Wil ie Omstead (equal) 2, Elsie Maitland 3.
Bertha M, Grant, Ass’t. Teacher
We still have a nice assortment—all new goods—but the season is well advanced
now, and we must have none left over. Note prices
JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS
SAVINGS BANK
1,
me 3, rade , Scott Stone 2.

Dauphin
' Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC ;
,	Hull,
Shawinigan Fall#
Agents In Canada, Ntw York and CMesge-Btiuk of Montreal.
Agents la St. Paul—Meicksnt# XsL B»i.k. Agents in Loudon, Eng.—Parr's Ba-ik Ltd,
whiie leading a calf along the road. It see mm that the animal knocked him down and he lay there till a passer by picked him up. We hope to see him around again soon ..	Master Elwiu Hodgins
Manager. | Academy at Shawville.
Miss Katie Tracy is visiting friends at Coulonge.
We regret the illness of Mrs. Win.
Smith, Sr., for the lasttow months, I No % Lseur.-Orsde IV.-Guy Farrell and we all w sh for her speed recovery.	L Grade III.—Hall Farrell 1, Pearl
The snow got a very poor spread mg	Fme]1 2, Ida Wilson 3, Lizzie Mill,
this year as yet, m the lanes it m head	ken 4 Grlde n._Walter Stephens
^rtTsMrtSaras I	Mlh
Gordon Farrell 1, Sarah Newton 2, Maggie Robinson 2, Annie Mac. Far
8. A. Farrell, Teacher.
Account's opened for amounts of one dob | his shoulder la re and upwards and Interest allowed.
16 A.*. TO 3 P.M.
10 AM. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER,
Lackate
Montreal
Orrici Hours Batcrdayi .
$3 .10 REDUCED TO 3.75 REDUCED TO
5.00	REDUCED TO
6.00	REDUCED TO 7.50 REDUCED TO
10.00 REDUCED TO
$2.25
2.80
LOCAL NEWS.
3.75
LOCAL NEWS.
4.75
The annual Entertainment of the Shawville Methodist 8. School will be held on Christmas night at 7o’clock. One hour's real enjoyment listening to the children.	|
An old-fashioned Christmas Tree, horse a few days ago Everybody Invited to attend. Good Mr. H. Hopper is dehorning cattle in roads-Oood moonlight - Pleasant this country at present. He reports drive Christmas nlght-cveryone good success so far, and with no ex-happy and only Ten Cents.	ceptions he is giving good satisfaction.
Born.—At Edmonton, October 19th, to Mr. and Mrs. James H. Richardson, a daughter.
The late J. W. McRae, of Ottawa, carried an insurance aggregating two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
6.00
7.75
Grade I.—
2nd - Ready-to-Wear Clotijing :
The Hull Advance suggests that the P. P. J. Railway Company give a free reund trip to all bonus tax payers in the
County o Pontiac.	The cruel messenger Death has again
The congregation of Holy Trinity church, invaded the home of Mr. R. D. Finnigan,	The Presbyterian Sabbath School
Radford, intend having an Xmas Tree and called to another world the spirit of will hold its Christmas entertainment in I Vancouver, B O., Dec. 7. —C. S. Hur-m the school house, Radford, on	Thins*	the youngest son, Clarence, a boy of	the Masonic Hall, on Thursday evening	ter, Dominion Government metallurgist
day evening, Dec. 19th.	about nine years of age. About three	the 19th inst., beginning at 8 o'clock,	of Vancouver, is responsible for the etate-
He that useth the editors! pencil is re-	previously <. larence contracted the	&re	cordially invited.	Admission	ment that among the million of dollars
quested to return the same to ita place	niaUdy-typhoid fever—which already	I5 cents,	children 10.	in Yukon gold brought to him for purin the editorial sanctum, when done had claimed a sister and a brother as its	chase by the government^ this season an
with it. The man who appropriates the victims, and rapidly developed the di-	?	abundance of platinum unknown to the
article mentioned and coolly walks off	iu lta moet aggravated form, of Mr. Editor :	miners. Hundreds of little nuggets of
Incurs the displeasure of ye editor and	is	which there was scarcely any cessation un-	In reply to an item in your columns	platinum were mixed with the coarse
liable—well - to be vaccinated.	til exhausted nature paid its tinal tribute,	describing the way in which certain cattle	gold. Hurter gives it as his opinion that
_	.	*od * promising young life was cut short, have been dehorned in this section, 11 the miners of the Yukon have been
Uraham tost	dissolution taken phoc about midnight	wish to say a few words in behalf of the	throwing	away thousands	of dollars
—.	1D‘	between Nor-	an Tuesday last. The greatest sympathy	dehorning invention.	worth of platinum daily.	Acting on reway Bav and sand Point and found it to	ib felt for the grief-stricken family in	As we	are all aware, this	country has	presentations made from him the Domin-
be not less than H inches thick in the thin-	this their tri-foM affliction.	been far	behind in that respect	; but now,	ion Government is sending an expert to
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Smiley mourn l sin proud to may we have one mai in the Klondike to investigate.
the loss of their third son Willie, a our neighborhood who has feeling and	---------------
child of two years and eight months, who	consideration fur the bovines to	do some*	Burned	in hie Bummer House
A copy of the Wyndmere (N. Dakota)	died at noon on Friday last after a	thing to prevent the hooking	which is	¦¦
Pioneer containing a notice of the death months'sickness which began with	1	^	v"“	‘	^	*
rellS
-MEN’S, BOYS’, CHILDREN’S— —SUITS, OVERCOATS, P-JACKETS-
ty All reduced down to OoatIPricej
The quality and voriety of our stock is well-known.
We offer the lot at prices which mean a loss to us but a decined gain to the buyer.
OUT THEY CO!
This is a chance to buy good Clothing ot prices you won’t meet with again. Don’t miss it.
The Miners Haye Thrown Away
Money.
On Saturday last, Mr. ed the ice on the Ottawa
3rd - Oil Tan Moccasins :
All reduced. See them and ask prices, You cannot afford to miss this opportunity to secure bargains.
nest place, an assurance which justified him in commencing the delivery of hay at Am prior this week.
mca- always to be seen	homed
at Prince Albert, N.W.T., on October | ^ which brought on other complies- animale. And why should an outsider 29th, of Mrs. R. C. Smyth in the 68th | tions to which he succumbed notwith-1 come in and complain of what is done to
or if he
HAD ATE OF MAJ. BON» OT MONTREAL.
- . ,	m . -	...	.	¦------ -	-, „ . A 4,	. ,	„ .	.... Mai. r E. L Bond, one of the best
year of her age. The deceased lady was standing that all that medical skill, lev alleviata the animals sufferings < or if he know buiineBi meD 0f Montreal, was
a native of Bristol towuship, and resided jDg care and devoted attention could de- thinks it is not right to have it done in such boroe<j to death at hie summer house at for some time with her husband in Gar* vise to combat the disease. The remains a w*y a# he has won it, let him lead us phiHipeburr, at an eaily hour on Wednas-endon Front, where she doubtless will were interred at Norway Bay cemetery into the light. What we want now is ^ morning lsst. Major Bond left Menthe remembered.	I on Sunday morning.	| someone to show us a better way, and reat on Tuesday afternoon leaving the
not complain of what he cannot improve | train st Sr< Armand and driving to
Pfcillipsburg, where he hai business, intending to spend the night in bis bind-
r,u:T.„Trro?wri:,pPh:?ibui; I p. S,—Christmas Goods now pouring in, and being
Junction Ry , of which Mr. Bond was	nnarmd nn
was president, spent the evening with I Opened Up.
him until about 10 : 30 o’clock, leaving
1 Willie Smiley died from com plica- ] Minutes of regular session of the Muni-1 Mr. Boi.d alone in the large he use.
cipal Council of the Municipality of jfeit morning about 5 o’clock neighbors Shawville, held on Monday the 2nd day | were awakened by seeing fire and rushed of December, 1901.	to the scene, but the whole building wee
A Xmas tree and apple social will be I Present : Mr. Mayor John Cowan ; | jQ flames, no trace of Major Bond eou’d TT	.	, held in connection with Bristol Corners Councillors John Eadea, G. F. Hodgins, l,0 found, and the rums were so hot that
Not th* Kind FOR Us,-We We re Sunday School on Monday the 23rd Dec. J0,eph Smith, Arthur Smiley.	Larch could not be made until ne.rV
Houm a proposition tc-insert the follow®	Sm^tMW mTnutcf jlwTmcctSgbc S boned iîdebriVd^etl? nîd" nwt'h
zsfcti & sr o*™»	saJzbrasss x™;i:
“ Handsome American Lady, inde- «	^	, for two thousand feet of plank amount- flame«. How the fire originated in a
pendently rch, want* good, honest hue-	% eddaidchv in« to |22 00 be paid -Carried.	mystery, but it is thought se the night
Land. Address 193 Washington S., Chi-	J Hjt hJhfnnkS»w i k ? Moved by Coun. Fades, eeo. by Couo. waa very cold Major Bond left tro great
cage, 111.”	| c?\ercd .with ,ce .m?k,n? ¦1	Smith, that the Secretary write to the a fire.
The Equity wants that class of adver- L^U^e o?*’	“ bcin8 uken sd' At orney General the Province for Major Bond was the second son of
bak&Jâa.'a. Ü	would like y°u t0 oal1 «*» inspect our stock of
vou. I must accept yours* because you live | deal and for a long time, but last Mon-1	'	------
1 have secured the British Man-o'-War I been up at • * cn . t <	-i 1 ”tHfc two unpaid on the 26th of this month be sent red hot supporter of the Administration
“ John Bull'I which will be with you not months, pasm d hut on vluesday on L the County Secretary for sale.— Mr. A. J. Magurn, umil recently man
ES&SS& isyj	" ,n,pti"ri - 3™*,?,°““' y». ~jv «-•	J's.'~
‘gateffiiasa.itoi~i... ...«/• ""j"*' »•“ - 6h..,ni.Ic„~i ih“
week*	— -	' Mr. James Roy returned home on
Thursday from a short visit to his property at Warren.
Mr. Thomson, Gov’t. Bush Ranger,
J
SHAW.
Mr. W. 8. Elliott, travelling freight agent, and Mr. J. H. Sorley, Ottawa
local freight agent of the Canadian Pa-...	,	.	.
Olfic Railway were in town laat week, *‘th	f°™ of oonUg.ous dmeaac,
soliciting bueiness for their company. MoNaughton, who attended the With the inauguration of through aer- duU through hi. illneae, hae made the
vice to Ottawa over the P. P. J. R„ the following statement over hm own signa-
turc :
Certain reports having been circulated j upon that the deceased child had
SOVSBODY
been afflicted
o
Yarm, Dec. 9th,
SHAWVILLE COUNCIL
big railway company sees s prospect of
Pontiac freight from Monti sal being	, „	, .4.
gobbled up by the Canada atlsn- hions following bronch.Us
tic railway, hence the visit of the above I	(Signed)	P. McNacohton
officials to this and other business centres in the county.
The Drug Store
is more fully stocked than ever for
The Holiday Trade of 1901.
PERFUMES-
We have the very best French and I New Covers—small prices. We have a American makers’, both bulk and hot- large stock of the newest designs from tied including some handsome pack- 25 cents up. figes for Xmas Presents. Nothing is PHOTO more appropriate than a nice bottle of perfume.
XMAS BOOKS-
ALBUMS-
Something you can't afford to miss at theories* we are selling them
—10c. to
Poets, handsomely bound in leather. (GAMES— Novels—the latest books—including Winston Chnrchill's famous books,
“ The Crisis,’ 44 Richard Carvel;"
Hall Caine s latest work, 44 The Eter nal City.”
BOOKS FOR YOUNG PEOPLE-
Uncle Tom's Cabin, Swiss Family Rob inson, Grimm's Fairy Tales. Robi Crusoe, Arabian Nights, Ballantyn Books for Boys, Elsie's Books, Pansy Books, Henty s Books (the 3 latest.)
BIBLES & HYMN BOOKS
For all Churches. The new edition of English Church Prayer and Hymns.
To furnish amusement for young and old, — Nations, Authors, Checkers, Dominos. P&rchesi and Crokinole—the popular game—at our popular price $1.
EBONY GOODS-
%
Your Old Friend, Sanya Claus.
Wood Wanted.
November School Reporte
I You have to see them to appreciate the value. Mounted with sterling silver and guaranteed, in Hand Mirrors. Hat Brushes, Hair Brushes. Toilet Cases.
XMAS CALENDARS-
Our Calendars are works of art. Ouv descriptive powers fail to do them jam tice. We have a very large assort ment and at prices to suit everyone. Come early and make your selection, as they are going fast at this early date.
CASH PIPES—
We offer some special values in Case Pipes and Smokers' Seta.
A quantity of green Hardwood for fur^ nacc use. Xpply at
Shawville.
ii son
Mr. W. J. Hedging, writing from	.	¦	¦¦
Hartney, Manitoba, on Nov. 30th, says was here Thursday on hie way from head- Grade III, Sen.-Pearl McDonald 1, that at that date they had still lovely wea- waters of Coulunge.	Winifred Tucker 2, Harry MaKay 3,
th.r-no .now and splendid wheeling,	Mr Peter a.d Harry Lunara, of	Bernice Waiomsn 4.
and that farmers were taking advantage	Litchfield, sere here last Friday and ba-	Grade II, Jun.—Arietta Dale	1,	Edith
by getting their wheal to turday.	, . n .	-.. , Tucker 2, Rosie Tubbe 3.
market as fast as possible, or as cars can	Mrs. Moore, of the Calumet Island,	Grade I.—Clair Wilson 1,	Clarence
be got to ship it. JEr. H. says that the	and Mr. John and Miss Carne, and Mr.	Caldwell, Fraser Waddell	2,	Mary
day before writing he attended a sale and Mrs. Cameron and family, of Eau Smart 3.
Mirfdte lwLht°irOnûiïoreforS, ffl ' Mr.’William Famll went to Shaw rillo for $35 and $40, and 2-year-colts,
SHAWVILLE ACADEMY—SENIOR BLEM
es
Wood Wanted.
of the latter
FANCY GOODS—
Writing Desks, Travelling Sets, Cuff Collar Sets, Fancy Out Glass Ink
Tenders will be received by the undersigned for 30 cords Hardwood and 5 cords Pine, both three feet long (furnace wood), delivered at the Methodist church, Shaw-
W. W. IRELAND.
and
E. Moulton, Teacher
Stands. You have to see them to ap predate how hard we have been work ing to serve you this yearflHHH
Ville
gh- Friday
we
JUN. BLEM
The Drug Store,
mises of John Cain, of November one

Shawville, Que.
# e
# #



L	-, _






###PAGE###2###
CROWDED ROOSTS
N1‘>T emukoidery cottons
Sozodont
Tooth Powder 25
hvn-hotisc
all about
Over-crowding In ns in a
of disease
llcautiful cottons are to ho had
It
I is a prolific sou ret Iuvor-cmwdcd on the floor they have I not room to exercise, and in conse M|uenco will not he so vigorous anil therefore more liable to take cold C at any draft or change of temperaOver-crowding on the roosts is
Of <ll*i e the Ontario
now for needlework, and their popularity tb likely to increase because they are practical
ered
household wash if the laundress is known i <> careful
like ni" «‘il.- in exture is es;
lake lilo-svlle
Linens embroid-wttli them « it a I" sent to the
CEYLON TEA
He knows that it hne Quality, Flavor and Strength. That's why he sells it.
Lead packages, 25, flO, 40, 50 and 00 cents.
A kind mud
t u re
another fruitful source Professor Oraham, of Agricultural College, says tlmt each hen and pullet should have ten inches of roost room. Jlc says that where they are unduly crowded and touch each other perspiration gath-
be felt between them. A hen
t «» cute li
cold when she gets down into
Roup is sure
Fowl will naturally there is roost
ill
POTATOES
If you have any car loads to sell quote us ) our price f.o.b., naming number of cars also variety if possible.
easy to manage these are dull in finish and arc colast rands t<> a thread divided and
posed of six Thin thread should i three strands carried in the needle in
Good for Bad Teeth Not Bad for Good Teeth
The Dawson Commission Co., limited, Toronto.
CondfnmfnUof Poultry, BniUr, K*;, Honey, Applet, B«ini, Onion, and other pro«lice ,clicked.
Consumption is worst in the Strand district of London, where the deaths from this disease are 886 in 100,000 yearly Britain is MO per 100,000
ordinary work.
These cottons van he had in all
used in almost
. i c.iii
in this conditioi
AGENTS WANTED.
colors and can b any method of embroidery blues aio particularly good, and one of the prettiest ways to work them n old bleach linen is in the honey-
A ihsign suited to this
presenting
the
l'Ii
book le not w >rih il.e money send it book end your mone> will bo refunded. Thb m a lo«U
îfiîîÏTorJïi,1 KuSBr* M"h0j‘a‘ “U<*
colder air on the Hoot
t«> follow crowd some, but if
enough the crowding they <lo
be injurlout unh th luivo been allowed or forced to overcrowd when chickens.
every The rate for (Jreut
i
loxodont Liquid 35c. Largo Liquid and Powder 75c#
At all stores or bv mail. Sample of the Liquid for the postage,30.
HALL & RUCKEL, Montreal.
comb stitch
room
THF MOST NUTRITIOUS.
st 11 ch is esoentmi
iilvvahlo surface being host. Oak •s come mil especially well, as
1 .> i uggest their net
will not
mu
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
COCOA
con
A' TK
tlemen - r ladite—not to nan va#, bin 10 employ »v#nt* : petition pern	*0#
per y «ter and expo »et; rn l b e Arm : bet# reference*; ovwlenee unne'e-*ary. ,Vf# g. 0‘KBKFR, addreu 480 Truth Offloe. Toronto.
éi i*Kit DAY BUItlC-UifiN
vv
lea
the hi itell veining.
and have one of the finest and list farms in the country. What a satisfaction that is to any ambitious
man you can readily Imagine
On a small farm there should be 1 THE HAPPY ENDING dairy cattle, pigs and fruit. This VERY SERIOUS AND PAIN may not suit all farmers, and it may	FUL CASE,
be disputed by some us to whether it is a wise selection. Suppose wc Mi-plant in the first place several hundred fruit trees—according to the nature of the soil and climate. Then while the trees are growing mise dairy cowe and a few pigs. 1 ho cow in particular should he raised for its milk and cream lie done profitably if there is its good market near i _ till creamery
the worth of the milk.

ms
IN BED THREE YEARS
I
O ?
LIFE A BURDEN
4
OF A
i
"It s a long way for a quarter,” remarked cabby, looking at his proper fare, lady, quietly should have walked
A
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
I know It is" said the "If it hud not been I
THE CONDITION OF MR. GAR DINER, SMITH’S FALLS.
FEED FOR STOCK
s. Hughes Was Very 111—Bloated and in Constant Misery, She Suffered for Four Years Before She Used Dodd’s Kidney Pills— She is Now Well and Happy.
Miss Crude (while out. walking with her younger sister thinks she is rudely treated''Were you staring at ¦¦¦	Gentleman—
I was ad-
In feeding stock of any kind it is usually more practical to consider first the feeds most available or nearest at hand. Stock feeding, as a rule, cannot he prolit ably carried on in regions where nature does not provide at least a part of the food, as transporting feed for long distances must necessarily add to co t. The practical stockman endeavor to compound his rations fiom the grains and fodders raised at home. The farmer or stockman
MinauTs Uniment Rellevss Nenra'gia
and
Feet
He S. eut Miserable Days SI. eyle.ss Mgbts—Hands, and Limbs Stiff and Swollen
Record, Smith’s
me, sir?
"Bless you, no, madam miring your little grand-daughter.”
Six bushels of fine wheat when ground yield 280 lb of flour.
Morley, Ont., Nov. 25 (Special).— Phis can Nelson Lcllnr, .lustice of the Fence any of this place, vouches for the truth
story,
Falls
the
Fi
OZODON f Tooth Powder 25o
Ont.
"1 livre is wonderful talk about l*r Williams
Mlnard’s Linlmsit for saleevapbare
at hand or a of the following interesting
which pays according to told by Airs. Tlio«. Hughes.
li mex or, will not t-v
know Mrs.
l’ink Fills, why don t x ou
He—"How often a woman's face is her fortune!" She—"Yes; and how often a man’s cheek is his!"
try them ?
These words were addressed to Mi
Ax Ircw G nr dine i
a friend when depths of despond, pin si cal condit ion lie had suffered l had
oftentimes h< that, he might dit
, \ orilicntiou
' necessary to those who m |Hughes, as that lady Is one of the most highly respected residents oi ‘ Grey County 1 was a
Two gallons of water in every 10,-
come from
of Smith's Falls,
lie was in the
>11VV regarding his of the west seldom needs to go beyond the limits of his own farm to
m cure abundance
ough to supply his stock for want-
may be feeding.
000 used in London ponds, 5,448 from the Thornes
MANAGEMENT OF IIOGS
by
The revenue of Oxford University exceeds that of Cambridge by JL74,-000 a year.
If it were possible the food and water should bo as clean for the hog as for the human being. A good
Mrs. Hughes says:— great sunerer for four
H years. 1 was treated by foilr docfeeding floor kept clean is a access!- ‘ors all(1 a specialist from the 1 nitty. It must he clean or it is little V(, 8taU.s> { tried nearly every kind better than the bare ground. Every of lucdicilic t could hear of. but particle of excrement and filth taken mmc seclllud to ,lo „1C aMV good into the stomach along with the food retards and impairs digestion and health, as well as reduces the gain per bushel of grain feed.	.....
In the fall of the year, says a	mv
rr. •Knr.r&rr «rsr :r	llm .........
sK^esrr*r„t szsrjzsrs ,sr.
s. a..,... „„„„mu. pztA&TTL
S; H:EE.3:E: !	: œEHStjpfS
8raS2.«t&l&‘t2S	3SS A? ! SS? rifitTUtf SÏ * S£*	S
sent a reporter to ascertain the ox- i»g a steer would not be suitable for|	.	utmost import- Rheumatism. They said that noth-
act truth and Mr. Gardiner told him a dairy cow or for feeding young	in ’ promoting health and inK could be done for megg
substantially what is related above, growing animals.	growth. Well or soring water is “1 was not able to eat anything,
He said	that	he	tried	a	number	of	With	these	facts	in	view	many cx- ; preferred to flowing streams	or	only corn starch or soup of some
liof.	He	was	given	to	understand j td.	m	a general	way. suitable	food , mg_ Tho hog is 8adlv addicted	to my normal weight again. 1 can
= ' =
f §~ïïfi?I sSSæSs—11—
true of those farmers who have	no	man can afford to be cureless, when
accessible water in their hog	lots	her kidneys arc in any way threat-
nnd aro thus compelled to carry it ened.
to them two or three times per day. What cured Mrs. Hughes of this Great care must be observed that no very bad case, will cure any case, stagnant water in low places be allowed to stand in the pasture about the yards. Such water Js dan gcrous to the health of any animal, have never failed especially to the lazy hog that The farmer with a few acres has a drinks it rather than walk a few _ ! problem to solve quite different from ,IS the man with hundreds. The la»ter can raise almost any crop or cr< ps lie desires, and do it with a certain amount of ignorance and carelessness which would bankrupt, the far nor with a few acres. Yet in many iexpects the latter has the advantage of the former, and of the two we should prefer the farm of twenty or twenty-five acres to cultivate. The reason is that in the latter case brains must enter largely into the management ol the farm, and it is always more satisfactory to use the brains instead of the hands in accomplishing success. The small I aim A brisk-looking young man, with must first of all be used for raising his hat tilted well back on his head only such crops as will give the sur--and a small satchel in his hand, step- est and largest returns, and every inside a lawyer's office and said:—
"1 hope 1 am not intruding, sir.
You arc a man of business and so
W P. C. IIO.X
. For three >ears so much that life
become a burden to Im.i and
ivs, he almost wished ever purpose h
I hen lie spent Therefore, the leading question with
rnbio ffavs and sleepless nights, Mm is how to combine the various
Then 1rs ! beds that he may secure the best itilT and results with the smallest outlay.
Chemists have shown that one cl. ss of food elements go to build up the tissue of the body and in.ike hone and muscle while another c’ass
ami variety en-
Brass Band
TO MIRK 4 toil» I* ON#: Dll'. Take LnXailve Bromo Quinine Tablets A druggist* refund ti e money if it fall* to euro XV, Grove* Hignaiuro le un #acL bux. 23u
itin< now fee t, swo
K.
Iii
lie is enjoying hands and limbs wen Ivn and he was tormented with aslant stinging, creepy sensation
bed for nearly three 1 had pains up my spinal
1 was in
rumente, Drum#, Uniform# Etc,
in#
King Edward wears a No. 7 hat the Kaiser 61, and the Duke of Corn wall, 6|.
•VERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAN#
years
column, in my head, over my eyes,
back, through my left and occasionally in my right
noted. FI-e ckUlorfU# Write ID for Any
a c<
in his body which gave him no rest
now he is as tapple with the stiffness,
Loweet prices over qu«
Minard’s Liniment Cutes OanM, îwü/ley royce & co.t Limited,
roe
day or night ; as ever he was. the swelling and lion all gone, to the use of
t he creepy sensa-llv attributes it all Dr. Williams’ Dink
Toronto, Ont-, and Winnipeg, Mud
Cabbage contains only 3 per cent, of carbon, potatoes 12, and rive 38 per cent.
Dyeing 1 Cleaning I
for the very heal aeni your work 4** the
"BRITISH AMERICAN OYIINC 00."
Look for tient la your town, or a«#4 41 reel.
Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebee.
rer Over Ft tty Tears
U*s WnreLOWs Soot#iMO Artur has be*# u##4 by Billion a of mother* for their chlldree while teehieg, aeoelhretbechUd, nifUna thr gum*. &l ay* pain, aurai hied colic, regulate# the atomach and bowel*, and la the krai remedy for Dlarrhcwa. Twenty cent* a bottle gold I# diuggieta thr ughoui the world. He aura and aah for " M*a. Wimsluw sSootmim# Hr*ur"
GILEADINE
The average savings-bank deposit in Europe is $100; in North America it is $100.
The Kovertvgn Ilnaler, 1§ a Halm of Oil* ad ( In# ment. Il h al> Ulcer-. Vu h. Hruhuj. Huitti nnd 8 iro#. long standing or a u is. I I* un equalled for Inrt'invd or w ak eyex. Onto tried always u*ed. I ho best te^timunial w # trial tain jle Freo on receipt of 33 in t tarn pa,
A'MreRx.	.	_ .
CILEADINE CO , 60* 584, Toronto, Ont.
were in
Slop, (hi* f'otltll
nml wnrlii off I hr 4 Id.
Laxa'lve Uroinu-Qmnino Tablet* cure a cold in one day. No . ure, No Day Price 23 cent*.
did him at
wear hoots hi and when he tried to ual felt like sticks. 1 ini illy he wt
Williams
There are many Indies suffering as and Mrs. Hughes did, although but few
prevented by [ DOHlIlllOtl LI*18 uitOaXHISfîijîS
Montreal to Liverpool Bostou to Uv# pool. Portland to Liverpool Vis Querns-town
1
Parisian cabmen are the city regulation from smoking when driving.
I
1 to givt
a trial, lie took six box
i ot m c i i'.n i he
lie determined to quit i tient amount of solid matter
to though it is
<
r.ui of D*a eg* *u4 #11 P#rticul#rs, apply to may »|M of the Company , of
RioLard». Milia à Oo,
ÎÎ 8tala Hi, Do.to#.
Dill
said, but much hettci
There arc under construction or sanctioned 11 different new deep-level railways under Lonaon.
men
not all available as ! ng-1 food. An animal could not thrive cr. When he had taken ten boxes he on food elements extracted themnalia their concentrated
a (led
taking them but was pci continue them for a little whi
D. Torrance ft Oo.
Montreal and PorU##4
was greatly improved nnd when he ly and fed had taken twelve boxes lie was so ’ form well that he did not need any mon It is several months since lie has laboratory taken them and he has had no re-
Mlnard’s Liniment Cures Burns, etc,
It requires a certain aiuomt of hulk and the stomach is its own
Dodd’s Kidney Dills are the only or remedy that ever cured Bright’s Disease, Diabetes, or Dropsy, and they
New and Enlarged Edition
Webster!^
International
Dictionary
Tn 1880 on ounce of gold would b”y only 16 ounces of silver, but today it will buy 21 ounces.
WITH A DEW ACRES
turn of the trouble. When the repor-a\v him he was wearing Ins ordinary boots, and he said he could get into and out of a buggy well as any man of his years in the country.
Dr. Williams’ Pink Dills arc the friend of the weak and ailing. They surpass a 11 other medicines in their tonic, strengthening qualities, and make weak and dispondent people bright, active and healthy. These pi Us are sold by dealers in medicine, or can be had. post paid, at 50 cents per box, or six boxes for $2.50. by addressing the Dr. Williams’ Medicine Do., Brockville, Ont.
Ici
The following dialogue is said to have been overheard recently between a married couple on their travels:— "My dear, are you comfortable in
Quite, thank you,
Sure there’s plenty of
Quite mure,
And no cold air from the
Quite cur-
st eps farther for tne purest of spring water. All such places should be filled or tiled out. for they arc but breeders of disease germs.
THE M-I8T POPULAR DENTIFRICE.
of English, Biography, Geography, Fiction, etc.
25,000 NEW WORDS, ETC.
Edited by W. T. HARRIS, Ph.D., M.D.,
United States Commissioner of Education.
Rich Bindings. 5000 Illustrations.
»
that corner?
o
—.—»----
Hearing Restored
After Physicians in Toronto and Winnipeg Failed.
dear
room for your feet? love
window by your car? tain, darling."
"Then, my dear, I’ll change places
New PI'.tes Throughout 2364 Pages.
BEST FOR THE HOUSEHOLD
Preserves the teeth. Sweeteno tho breath • treagthene tho gums
Also Webster's Collegiate	^
Dictionary with 0 valuable Z FA1 Scottish Glossary., 1100 Pages. f
mammon*
DICTIONARY
with you
%
1400 Illustrations. Sire 7x10x3**10
Specimen pages, etc., of both books sent on application.
G. û C. Merriam Co., Springfield,
1
Id
am
lit] •
1
I
1
3
nairm
1
isr-ii

nrSPAHED FOR BUSINESS
JAPANESE CATARRH CURE CURED.
RHEUMATISM CURED
Neglected flatarrb I* the can « of deafness in nine out of every 1 encase . When you he r a Unie busziflg. rowing sound occasionally in
square foot of it must be cultivated
to Uic highest degree. It is possible
tiien to make more than a living,

>
Jas. McKee,
Lachlin McNeil John A McDonald, Arnprior, Ont C. B. Billing John Mader,
Lewis Butler
Linn wood, Ont Mubou, C.i B.
Cure le u ed.
Mr. D. N. Spencer. IlCootmine A vs.,Toronto, write»:—"1 have bee 1 trouiled with catarrh r and deaf nee* 1 or a number of yenrs. flnully 1 could not converne w.lh any per on at a dis unco. 1 spent much m n y on advertised remedies, and doctored with specialis e in Toronto and Winnipeg (while there tnree years ago), but my hearing became no bet Ur About a yru ago I procured a sample of Jap nsse Cak rrn Cure. 1 afterwsrds followed op this treat,:'«ftt ss directed, ant shortly I What mother docs not look for- found my henr.ng completely 1 e;u. ae<1 and my
ward with dread to the time when	K
person troubled with catarrh 01 oatarrlml

Mark hum, Ont
Mahone Bay, N.N
Dm it;
These well known gentlemen all assert that they were cured by M1N-ARB’S LINIMENT.
am 1, and I can tell you in one minute what I’m here for nervation is that five out of every six professional men in the large cities arc addicted to the tobacco habit in some form or other. A habit, once formed, becomes second
My ob-
BABY’S HEALTH
4
The Teething Period Dangerous to Little Ones and Very Trying to Mothers.

nature
"There arc thousands of men who spend their substance and drain their vitality by incessant smoking who would be glad to be released from the slavery whose chains they have fastened upon themselves, and to such men 1 bring the means of
I guarantee that this preparation”—here he took a small package from his bag—"which is called \Smokebane’ will cure the craving for tobacco in every form, absolutely, in one month, or money funded

baby shall bo teething? At that time baby is restless, feverish and dw&fne** irritable, and frequently there is
some disorder of the bowels mid < u * f ataj rh w .ererer 00tied. Sold by Mi stomach. The poor little sufferer is g.,, ^«m.hed^rlce»	Th. „
IHH	HHP	I Hciiurui* S> . Toronto. A freo sample will be
this old world of pain, and if not aid- e^nt to any ptnon troubled wiUi oalerrk.
ed in his fight may be overcome, cry wise mother helps the little sufferer as much ns she can, and the mo-
A
1

If the sea were emptied and the world’s rivers had to refill it, it would take them 40,000 years to do

lighting one of his first battles in
Free to Men!
deliverance
Beware or ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
Ev- Enclose 3c. for poeioge
A. REMARKABLE FAMILY
Ofl tner. nry will mroljr destroy tho m«n*e of „ . ,	.	... .. emell «ad< empletely dirange the whole system
A fu lierai which, if not exactly un- when entering ’It hrontrh the mu' our Nurface*
in this respect have found that Da- j(jUe jn character was, at any rate, Bnob articl## should nervr be used except cn
u. îsustixrx. <,« £ SHSSîSrSS
time on me. I W. J. Wright, Brockville, says:—"I Rrave of her infant son, surrounded Cure, manufactured by F.J. Ueene? & <o..To-to the tobacco have used Baby’s Own Tablets quite by twenty of her children. The
frequently, and am much pleased	man had	only just turned forty	mucmi* turf a/** of the	tystem. In buying
with them. I find them especially	years of age, and she bears her hca-	Hull'* CaUrrh Cure be sure you get the gunu
satisfactory during baby's first year.	Vy family	burden cheerfully. Her	^hio, 'by K. j!‘“k£îyCo^U»UmoniaU
I have used them in teething, in	husband is	in receipt of a wage of	free
. sir," interrupted the other, vomiting, in colic, in indigestion, use than $10 per week, in turn, quickly replacing the pack- and in the disorders 01 the stomach age in his bag and producing an- and bowels usually accompanied by other one. "Let me sell you a box of restlessness and tovei
the celebrated 'PufTerino Perfcctos’ Gf the Tablets has always been all ten cigars, twenty-five in a box, could- that could be desired." n’t sell them any cheaper if you were Baby’s Own Tablets are a sweet, to tnke 1,000, and warranted to be pirasout little lorenge that all ctaik-the best shilling smoke in the mar- circn will take readily. They can he
crushed or dissolved in water nnd ad-Bcfore the lawyer fully recovered ministered with safety to even the from his surprise he hnd bought the youngest infant. Guaranteed to box and the brisk young man was contain no opiate or any of the pois-the next floor hunting «noth#»’- f>nons stuffs that, make the so-called
soothing medicines dangerous to little ones. If you do not find Baby's Own Tablets at your druggist’s, send 25 cents 1o the Dr. Williams Med
thers who have been most successful
Are you a weakling? Are you one of those unfortunate young men who, through ignorance and bad company, have contracted nervous spells, weak back, varicocele, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and ambition, loss of confidence, bashfulncss, despondency and weakness ? Dr. McLaughlin’s
Electric Belt will cure you.
re-
!
"Young man you arc wasting your nui not a slave
1 have no craving whatcvt
habit
for tobacco, though once in a while 1 smoke a cigar if it is a good one
middle aged man suffering from varicocele, indigestion, constipation, rheumatism, lame Dr. McLaughlin’s Electric Belt will cure you ?
h’nld by I>mgg|=te. prier 75e per bottle Hail'*» Family Till* are the beat.
Are you a
prematureness back, etc. ? I
Are you an oM man, declining before your time, having
life, with prostatic trouble, lost
and aches, and general decay of
you with Dr. McLaughlin's
»
<-ive your gentlemen friends good
ADVICE TO OLD MAIDS.__________________________
It is unnecessary to go to In dia for n Mon-soon
Flic action

A
lost all ability to enjoy strength, debility, pains organic powers ? I can Electric Belt with free suspensory for weak
I will send you, sealed, free, my beautiful book telling about it if you will send this ad. Send for it to-day.


cure
ket
\
men
i
op on
slave f o the tobacco habit
Sill
130 Vonge Street.
dr. m. d. McLaughlin,
TORONT*, amr.
have
submarine boa been patented since the year
i <2
173 dlfi
Office Hours-9 À.M. to 8.30 P.M
mo
II ruck ville, Ontand •nt you by mail post-
Cc


box will lx
SO in DD NT for the TEETH 25c
All grocers
Lead packets
paid



j ' 2
/





###PAGE###3###
!
T

letter that you are to have as many more if you deliver it am 1 may "
The matter disposed of, Leon went upstair» to hie bedroom end hastily changed hi» clothes. Ho had been wearing a frock coat and ta,I hat all
¦ he substituted a
%



%

g


z


| HIS- —
| ILL-GOTTEN |
| WEALTH.
i
-A

X
V

&

X
The Untimely End of
Joseph Ocvao.



%
y
c
wÊmm
/





day, but now travelling suit and a soft wideawake ; then, carefully packing and locking his portmanteau, he went down, and again left the hotel The clocks were striking two as he walked down the now nearly deserted boulevard towards the Madeleine. It was a beautiful, brilliant summer's night, fine and warm. Hi "What shall I do—drive or walk ? I can get no train at this time of night, and 1 must not risk leaving Paris till the morning. I shall bo independent, perhaps, if I go And, having thus settled

« /
x
A

:
m


x
•>

X' ?	•><••> »x**x* *i*	•>
SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING ,M. Ix?un, musingly. Tho sudden nr-Cll AFTERS.—Securities vanish horn rest had increased his misgivings ; the strong-room of Uandetcnt, Dandy and why had they set this tiros mid Waldo, bankers. Mr. Fasko of , Cheno free V Had they overheard Scotland Yard i* called In to solve j tho question asked by Carapata, and the mystery. There are two keys wore resolved to follow his messen-
lo the strong-room—ono held by Mr- igei ?	more
Waldo, partner, tho other by Mr. | Rut why not release Carapata	on fowt
Surtees chief cash to. This latter himself ?" asked tho Marquis, think-	it ^ jjC(m	BOt himself	bravely	to
has two children, Fob and Jose- jng aloud.	j,i's task.
phine. lie reproaches Hob, who Is* Even as ho spoko in walked M. j|ja way jny by Neuilly. There ho an extravagant subaltern wiife	j0bard.	crossed tho river and made for Cour-
pirations to the hand of iieiona Dead silence foil upon the whole bevoie. A mile beyond he crossed Waldo, for having consumed n s m- assemblage. Pore Rarahas only bow-	tjic railway	mid made	for Mesons,
tor s dowry to pay hi* b	8	cd low, and waited for the orders of	an(j there, having again	passed	tho
debts. Surtees Is ti ‘Hi-eut.	, the representative of tho law.	river ho regained the line at I You-
ISWWiF........................................................................
po-a and accuses Josephine «I the for your name and don.die. and y,ert Sir Richard Daunt, in love papers if you have them about you?
with Josephine meets the Momuls "I am an Englishman. 1 need no us on	...............
ilf Oio Verde to whom Bob lost his passport. You dare not touch me will bo to attract h nnehetto s utten-money and sots a detective to watch I shall appeal to our ambassador." tion at Voissy, ns she will not cx-
him and Fanchcttc, Mrs. Waldo's "You speak very excellent French, pect to seo mo before Mantes^	Leon was given Into custody on a
**“•	ssTn ! ,zo:x,s; ïïï.*ï?.ï *2£rht"r** ,nh
was to one of his assistants who had sidle d’attento as the Cherbourg ex- FunchoLto XV,IH also arrested as an remained outside, "step in and see	press came In. He was tho only	acc ,lict, . <||ld Ums thu t wo in PS.
Cnrnpatn maintained a sullen sil- whether you have seen this gentle-	passenger, and I anchette who had	capjng th„ Flvnch| fel, int0 the
a	low	that he had s«	1 >	1	Next	instant	the	Marquis was	ing for scats, and entered	a carriage	to bo living at Warsaw in poverty.	Channell, an English miner. |™lth	S°D.10 suc^ss	Al1. thl* ho ,iL!
flt	alL	i,e will change	running	for doar	life	clown the Rue	occupied by three young	men, Eng-	Ho is a Pole named Markiewicz, and	channell, when a mere boy, unable done	with	no	other	tuition than thaï
ties Anglais, formerly the Rue des lishmen evidently, all in suits of is now 107 years old. Ho receives a to reaq or write his own nome, fol- he lln,s received fK-m his daughter, Crimes.	‘	grey dittoes, with the rather rubi- small pension from the Russian Gov- lowed his father and grandfather into who 18 not extending her educalioe
"Give chase !" cried Jobard, frnn- cund self-satisfied air of the Rriton ernmunt, but it is contended that as tho Durham mines to earn his liv- to the classics tien 1 ly. ns soon as lie recovered him- who lias been seeing life.	he has the military cross of the Le- jnp. When he was twenty he found 1 ftJllu , hvshmo viJUigc called
self. ‘The scoundrel	must not	es- They scowled after	the	manner	of	gion of Honor, he	is entitled	to an	himself	a full-fledged miner, a mar-	1Iu11 ir]e luCal authorities have in*
capo like this. He lias	assaulted	tho	exclusive Englishmen	at M. Leon and	allowance from	the third republic,	ried man, and the father of two fine	stiLuted evening .schools for ch i hires
police. Conic on, Antoine ; do you	Eancliette, as though they wished	Markiewicz was decorated for distin-	taby boys. Compulsory	education	‘in(i adults who are employed	during
know him ?"	them at Jericho, and seemed alto-	guished conduct on the battlefield	coming into force, the	boys had	tlie ^ay	One of the principal	teach*
"l am not certain,"	gasped	tho	getlier disconcerted	and	put out	by	eighty-eight years	since, when	he was	scion to	attend school, much to the	, rM m the school is a yyuug worn he
other, as he, with tho	whole posse,	tho intrusion.	only a lnd of 19.	The decree	is dat-	disgust	of their father, who had no	named Vern al who is a so a teacher
said M. Jobard, pressed on at the heels of the now They had been playing dummy ecj November 28, 1813. Markiewicz sympathy with tho movement to- the childrens day-school. >*he u
his	rapidly	disappearing	fugitive. "Hut	whist, and did not ut first	like to go	js thus not only the sola survivor of	wards teaching the masses. By do- 111(5	, r	, a	marke .-gardener,
for his dark hair	and	board, both of	on with their game.	the officers of the Old Guard, but ho	: grecs, however, he became so inter- , ^ho	WlL,i	“is	brother roguiarry nt/
which may be	false, I should sav it	After a good deal of whispering and	js doyon, or senior member of the	' es led in his children's studies, that	tend» hur classes	an locoives	in*
was Leon Lantimeche, alias Tuo	nudging, one of them observed at	Region of Honor. He lias, however,	lie used of an evening to make them re-	struct ion	hom her.	until her deatc
Tetc. the forent."	Inst in the best Anglo-French :	been enabled to live in three centur- peat to him what they had learnt 1,10011	• •uamil, he s< »oo •
"Whoever it is we’ll have him for	"Monsieur, vous n ' avez pas objec-	je9< ancj according to all accounts is	during the day, and in a	short time	mis tress	mother, also attoniieu|
assault. They'll soon hunt up his	Lion, j'espere," and he producer! a	stju alert in spite of age and pov-	after that lie found himself learning	class°^	111 company wit h her	_^ld«
dossier (antecedents) at the Fro- pack of cards.	erty.	his alphabet and figures from his lit- daughter, who was then employed it
feeture, and he may look out for "On tho contrary," replied M.	_____,_______ tie boys, who delighted in teaching 110r fathers garden, but is now If
squalls."	f.con, in excellent English. 'T am	* nrr; CLAST	him the little they knew. The bet- domestic service in London. Mi si
Hut to catch M. ItCOn was not so very partial to cards myself. What	ter part of every evening was dovot- Send all. who is in such a peciiii.irly
easy. He ran like a greyhound and are you playing ?"	A big blast, by which 50,000 tons ecj	the children to instructing mb-resting position of paid msLruo
lie doubled like a hare.* He knew "Dummy whist. Will you make a of rock were removed, has been re- their father, and as they progressed lor to her parents, is only twenty every street, every alley, every turn, fourth ?" asked the first speaker, a cently sucecsslwlly carried out at the having a quick mental capacity, t-hice, and hoi father, whom she st il as well as, if	not better than, his	florid, overgrown youth, who might	Welsh Grate Company’s Sett Quar-	advanced with them. By the time	continues	to teach,	is i c.uly M >.
pursuers, and	after half an hour at	have been articled clerk to a betting-	ries, Llanaclhaiarn, Wales. JThe to-	} tj1Cy had passed the required stand-
top speed lie had forged so	far	ahead	man.	tal length of the tunnel was 75 feet., 1 ar(j and	were able to leave* school,
that the chase was practically	at an	"With nil ray heart,	if my	wife	will	and its construction was entrusted	Channell	had acquired such an ap-
lct me," answered Leon, with a	to Edward Davies, one of the oldest	petite for learning that he sent them
laugh at Fiuichette.	and most experienced miners in tho	to sorao evening schools to obtain Too Much	“Bere"	Prejudiced Fa
Next minute tho cards were dealt,	quarries, who was occupied seven	further knowledge to impart to him.	ther in	Favor of	Water,
and they were deep in the game. months in the work. The heading | Qualified by the instruction he had It	was	a curious	game.	No	one	was constructed and filled ready for	received from his boys. Channell suc-
Lcon, as soon as ho had	distanced	to	have much notion	of whist	blasting under the supervision^of the	needed in	obtaining a clerkship in the
his	pursuers,	paused	to	take	breath,	j con least of nil. But his opponents	working manager, Mr. J. Sharpe	office of the company he had served
lie	had	to	consider	what	he	would	excellent cards, and before they	The gunpowder used represented	a8 a miner, and then he joined the
Lisioux he had lost three | tons, tho tilling of the chambers oo boys in attending ________
from five o'clock in the


>r-
I


71
»
n
%
f

SEO^
%


Cu-
A
\
k


/
?—
aa

," he said to him-troin is due hero I will wait for it, then far as I’oissy and ta ko fresh
"So far ho good self : "tho first
I HE ICE-BREAKING RAILWAY FERRY STEAMER "SCOTIA
t
The new lee-breaking railway ferry steamer, the "Scotia." was recently launched from the KIswick Works NcwcasLle-on-Tyne. She has been bu lit to the order of the Department of Railways and Canals, at Ottawa and is intended for the carriage of railway trains across the Straits of Can so to and from Port Mulgravc, N. S. The "Scotin" lias been constructed also as an ice-breaker, in order that she may bo able to copo with the
of ice that drift into the Straits with tho tides and winds during the winter months. She can rcss locomotive1 and tender and nine passenger cars.
[
go ns
tickets through to Cherbourg for the
two of US off the scent if they think of tracking from Mantes. Tho only point
flint will throw them
large masses carry an v\\
! cate him. Under
r
BENEFITS OF EDUCATION
his own manage* i ment and check the business pro» p»rcr bo well that lie finally shifted BY to Glasgow, where lie has now throe fire flourishing shops doing n
VERY LUCRATIVE BUSINESS.
lit
i
PARENTS ARE TAUGHT THEIR CHILDREN.
CHAPTER XXVI
By-and-by, perhaps
«aid M. Acme, confldent-
“ile will yet tell us all wo want
his tunc
iy
to know. '
"What do you propose, Monsieur/
"Turn Carapata into the general prison, and throw him into tho way of a particular friend. That friend we will release later on and follow, lie will go straight to our man outside, you will see "
"l understand,"
look of admiration at
with a chief.
For the moment the police had lost sight of the Marquis, or M. Leon, as
call him from henceforth.
on his returning
1 shall ¦¦¦
But they counted
later in tho day to the Hue du Bac and Daunt wan entrusted with the task of watching their movements there. Being at home in tho house he could do this well, and without arousing suspicion. Accordingly the respectable M. Joliuu once more appeared at tho hairdresser's, and politely inquired for la patronne.
Madame had gone out for the whole day, M. Maxime, the head-assistant hi the shop, told him. She had given herself a holiday. A dear relative had arrived from far, and they were making a little fete
Daunt, satisfied, | own apartment. It was not
evening that he felt a little at fault
and went
tin
-4
COSTLY ARITHMETIC
end
"He shall not escape us, though," said Jobard, in high dudgeon at being outwitted and outrun, as lie reluctantly abandoned the chase.
A teacher in a public school has received the following letter:
Sir,—Will you in the future givi my son easier sums to do at ni tes This is what lie's brought bourn tw< | or three nites back : "If fore gall in; of bere will fill 30 to pint bottles Subsequently the two sons obtain- how many pints and hah bottle* ed posts in the same office, and stop will nine gall ins of bere fill?"
'by step they followed tho advances ! Well, wo tried and could make nomade by their father, who, entirely thin' of it, at all, and my boy cried _ owing to the teaching lie received and laughed and sod lie didn’t dare from them, now finds himself n sub- go back in the morn in’ without doin'
T «hnl, invo no chnnce of niv re- An ofliccr in ?nc °f t»C , g ,1	manager of a mine owned by the jt. So I had to go and buy a nine-
,-onrr . - J i t 1 Jr- i l ' "Wo are vo,untecr regiments, wlio 1m <i made	coniptiny, in which position he is gHii0,i keg of bere. which I could ill
[ cT.'fn ‘c'hnrhnurir -ind we may llitosclf exceedingly unpopular with carnillg between four and five times afforcj to do, and then he went and
¦BEses**
Fanclietto’s hands early next morn- must give mo my rcynge.	"The	best	way," said tho soldier, ' ]ast lcttfTS of the alplmb?t. As Jiis
ing, and, if possible, unobserved.	' 1 he idiots ; the asses	the	tQ	gay nothing about it."	!wifo was equally ignorant, lie found
Ho had selected as his temporary	’ ™ in Fnncimtte' “tiut wh^ ?"	askcd	lhe °mccr	in himself heauily handicapped in lus THE CURFEW IN COREA,
residence one of the grandest and with the deepest scoin, to I amhctU, amazcmcnt.	business, which was then carried on I	,	. N ,
.most frequented hotels	in	Paris, well as they were changing fiom the train ««Because," was the blunt reply,	in a smap back street in Perth, and A xcry curious custom in Seoul
knowing that there	he	would be the, to the steamer. ' lo try and fool M.f the othvr fellows knew I'd pulled	thcrc js no 4|oubt that those he era- f?orea* 19 the laW whlvh makes it ob
'least exposed to the inquisitiveness me ! I. who know every*trick in the yQU QUt thcy’d	chuck me in."	|1)Ioyetl to assist him robbed him ügatory for every man to retire to
llerlJert'Vivian a * weU-lô-do English venge ! Listen, Fanchctte." \nd he	-f- uf'detcct them ^ was "oiily^with of "the'city lias Vroclafmcd'Tto L
I eon’s anxieties gentleman, ns lie had called himself hastily whispered a few instructions BURGLARS AND TELEPHONE. |dimculty hc could afford to send his tho hour of sunset and the time fo
mm ma mm tmmsf
tunate if you arc able' to accompany ; two of you, has been signalling to _	-———	--- _
mo. There is a rapid train which him what cards you held. That’s- f ¦ I	| [ g*- A	A /^LJ C
leaves the ‘Ouest’ station at ten min- why he never doubted when	to play	[VI L II (II 1%^ gwe”| (¦ £1 8 g	%	jfp d
utcfl t<> nine. You should on no ac- or take 'miss.’ "	|>| til V W UW I ¦ UrTt/nWI	I ¦—
count neglect to take tlii»-it is tho "It's false, you CUT ! How dare only one to serve our purpose, you accuse your betters of foul play?
Friends will be waiting the arrival Apologize, or I’ll take it out of you.
of the train at Mantes. I count upon Apologize, I say, or I’ll-’’ And
the pleasure of seeing you. As you M. Leon advanced threateningly. may have to remain till after the "What will you do ? Lay a finger funeral it is as well that you should on me, you low French villain, you
be prepared to leave your establish- filthy spawn-’’
ment in tho charge of Maxime.	Next instant Leon had him by the
Your attached cousin, throat ; there was a short struggle,
"VICTOR V1LLARS.” and the Englishman, before Having completed the foregoing, friends could interpose, was thrown I con took out his watch and saw heavily to the ground, that it was half-past one. His next When the two were separated it business was to arrange for the se- was found that tho Englishman was cure delivery of the letter.	insensible, and seemed very badly
"How early can^this letter be hurt The news of the disturbance taken to its address ?” he asked of spread rapidly through the steamer; tho head-waiter.	other passengers came crowding into
"If monsieur likes I could take it the saloon ; then the captain and myself when I go off duty at six.” one of the mates appeared, and after The letter must be delivered as a short colloquy with the Englishmen soon aA possible after six, and with- they fell foul of M. Loon, out attracting attention. Here, then The end of it nil was. that, on the
I will add in the arrival of the boat at Weymouth,
wont up to his
till
Five, six, seven came and still there was no sign of pair. What had become of them ? Sir Richard felt it was right to lot
the Prefecture that
had
the
lfow was ho to escape from reached
ho rubbers
do next
Paris, that rat-trap into which had so rashly ventured ? lie was n man of many resources, fertile in expedients, quick to devise and execute a plan. He weighed all his chances as he walked rapidly along, and soon come to a decision, lie would start on Ids journey back to England that very night, leaving Fanchctte to join him on route, or follow, as circumstances would permit.
THE EVENING SCHOOLS.
i cupying
Flic game wont on steadily all the morning until two o clock in the afternoon, soon after which time the fuse was fired by electricity.
them know at
neither Fanchctte nor M. Leon
reappeared.
Tho fact was the latter wished to
avoid the Rue du Bac. He had been greatly unsettled by what had occurred that morning, and already dreaded from Carnpata's warning the officious attentions of the French police. Had he followed his first impulse ho would have left I aiis
there and then.
But when the first alarm had passed less cautious counsels prevailed. He could not tear himself away all from the fleshpots, from tho and more material delights
rest of the day. They changed partners again and again, but Leon was
the loser. All the points He must have been at
always
least ten or twelve pounds to
HE HAD HIS REASONS
the
bad
at onco
more bore
grosser of Paris The day's with the day itself, and it was nearly midnight when Fnnehetto regained
But Fanchctte was alone.
Madame Jobard said, on her return;
doubt of that.
amusement only ended
•t—
her home
there could bo no What, then, had become of her com
panion ?
The fact was, M
-4
Placo Maubert
1
She owns it and every that thing in it, while anything that he: husband, who works very hard, oat earn goes to increase her wealth. Mei
her too, anc
most disreputable cabaret
disreputable quarter, eyed his visitor
WÊÊÉÊÈ^U he entered, but word
tt.sk a nee as
in his car soon converted surprise Into obsequious attention.
"Carapata ? Where is lie ?" asked Loon, quickly and peremptorily "He is not here, monsieur plied the landlord him to-night.”
"Nor w ruffian of absentee.
"What !
re-
1 have not seen
Irritability.
opt," remarked another tie same stamp as kHc can’t come ' I interrupted
"Is that you, Gros Chcnc ?
Is Carapata ?"
"Emballe 1. They brought him to the depot Just before I got away."
"When ? On what charge ? Did hs tell you ? Did you have any talk ?”
"Yes ; for a minute or two. He came out into our big room, and we soon got together. He asked if I knew of any zig who was to be free that afternoon, and who could take
I said I could find
the
M. Leon. Where
Dr Chase’s Nerve Food
SaSsÿSsSES-SSH S£*=
S3.50 At nil dealers, or Edmanson, Bates & Co., lorouto
It is a serious mat-
ins
Ba-
you a message
some one, and, as good luck fell out, they put me myself the right side of the door soon afterwards. Insufficient proofs. I didn’t want to stay ; and here you have me ready to drink your health.”
T d^o't Uke U-* look of it," said are
its

five francs
z
!
/
i

###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
For Xmas Gifts
Sight Made^S Perfect.
MASSEY HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE
shawville,;dec. Il, 1901
Perfect sight It deter# mined by a series of scientific tests.
We render faulty eyes perfect by scientific# ally fitted glasses.


See our Stock of
The Commercial Cible Company's fourth Atlantic cable has been completed from xhe Azores to Ireland.
'Xz


Albums, Handkerchief Boxes,
Collar and Cuff Boxes,
% r ' =• " g i fi . 3	: \ L
Work Boxes, Toilet Cases, Etc.
As usual we have a large stock of
Chiqaware and Glassware.
For the little folk we have a well-assorted stock of
The Celebrated
New Williams
Sewing Machines.
v
London, England, municipal council ïiaa lately acquired twenty new cemeteries.
tv
â
The contract for the new Dominion observatory to be built at the Experimental farm has been awarded to Yiau & Lachance of Hull for 173,000. The bu Id-will be of Nepean sandstone with Credit Valley tandstone trimmings.
r
f
I
I
J
f

The agent of the Massey Harris company says that the reason that Canadian makers of agricultural implement cannot compete with Américain in the homo markets is that the former have to import Ô0 per cent, of the iron and steel used from the States and pay duty on it. On the other hand there u a rebate of 09 per cent, on raw material for manufacture for export. Thui the anomaly is presented of Canadien manufacturera being undersold in their own maeket and seeking markets abroad. It looks like a case it here the government might very well increase the duty, at least until such time as Canada can supply its own raw material.—Ottawa Citizen.
f
Toys, Dolls, Candies and Story Books.
We make a Specialty of
Fresh, Clean Groceries.
" THE DRUG STORE"
A. H. BOX
OgtlcUn
SHAWVILLE
osy
aiîfi(HEAD
PO
Intending Buyers should see the fine
display of these Machines
now in stock at
Every attention paid to Customers.
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
MACFARLANE BROS.
The McCoshen Fraser Suit
SMART & SMITH’S.
R NEWLY RE-BUILT N|ILL

FACTORY
INTERLOCUTORY JV DUMENT IN FAVOR OF
PLAINTIFF.
CLARENDON ROLLER MILLS.
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
lli» Honor Mr. Justice Lavergne m* iltaed an iuteilocutoiy judgement in the case of Perrault et. al., va. F raser, on Tuesday last, the effect of which ia to annul the sale of the Fraser McCoshen limits in 1895, and provide for the appointment of expert valuators to determine the quantity ot timber etc., that has been t tken off the said limits since that date.
While in ita technical interpretation the judgment may possible admit cf some doubt or contnry opinions it seems to be clearly established that by it the defen dant, Fraser, is compelled to account to Mrs. Dez luche fjr several hundred thousand dollars involved in the disposition of the Quebec tmber limits, held by Mr.
Kta er and his paitner, John McCoshen I As to the question of defendant's liability an excerpt fron. the judgment will l>e of ; interest. The learned judge says :	I
u Considering that as far as the defendant and the heirs and legal representatives of the said lata John McCuthen J are concerned the sale of Oct. 21st, 1885,1 of the timber limits in the province of Quebec must be considered as an absolute nullity and as merer Laving taken place;
juently ths defendant must account to the said heirs for the A share of the actual value of ia d limits and of the proceeds of all lamb r and timber cut and removed from the said limits and of all rent*, issues, profits and revenues of the same from the dst? of ths dissolution of the sai 1 partnership, to #i\ from August Pure-bred Yorkshire Hog. Fee SI.00 17th, 1885, as the said defendant einnot Api‘ 7 lu ,TAb* BALLAN HNh, produce the said limits iu kind and hat	r s
alienated and diipoi d A them. "
The judgment goes on to state that the evidence adduced as to the actual value of sard timber limits was incertain and un-*vi «factory and that the value to be considered shou'd be the actual value at the
The Best Flour and the Largest Returns 1901 for your wheat is Our Ambition.
1901
OR
OREMOST
URNITURE.
C
XI o desire to have you and our Flour meet. There is a basis for a firm friendship between us after you ; ! and the Flour have argued it over. ; ;
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP TO DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN. THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us aud you’ll prove it.
We have a Large Stock of Everything in our Line.
Highest Price paid for Hard Milling Wheat.
JAMBS WILSON.
I A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on band and Custom Work
usual.
• e
We bare also a III rat - e I as* assortment of
done
THE FAVORITE
LHARtiUh MODERAT*.
SA WT ACTION SV AH A NT WO
4W IHKWrABI.K
1
PERSONAL AriWmOU
ROBERT C. HODCIHS.
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
conset
We Satisfy.
FOR SERVICE
FRESH and CURED
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
MEATS
WAIITMAN’S. K
Pun* bred Yorkshire Hog. Service fee fI.W.
PEOPLE WHO BUT THIfiR GOODS AT OUR STORE GO AWAY SATISFIED THAT THEY PROCURE
BEST VALUE FOB THEIR MOHEY
J AS. ARMSTRONG.
Green Lake
of all kinds at
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
dite that mid nullity w*« pronounced and I Won^iJpriw «^Shawmi^Uds year as a valuation by experts might materially j Service fee -one dollar, effect the accounts and settlements, an interlocutory order for the expert valuation above referred to is made.
In connection with the order of the court that all timber taken from the limits be accounted for, a memo in the hands of Mr. Brooke shows that in the first five years some 200,000 logs were removed and lumbering hie constantly been continued by Mr. J. R. Booth. The judg-4iient as given above, so the plaintiffs ^solicitors claim, involves a liability of several hundred thousand dollars against Mr. Fraser—possibly the full amount of the claim, $500,000. Mr. Aylen, however eûtes that in his opinion, if the experts valuation do not exceed the price realhed at the sale, and the interest since accru ing, the judgment involvts no damage.
ALEX. BEAN
IN ALL LINKS OF
Portage Road
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Improved Chester White Hog. Took first prizes this year at Shawviile and Beach burg exhibitions. Service fee—one dollar.	If. T. MoDOWELL,
Clarendon

HAVE A LOOK AT THE CHOICE SELECTION OF
A full line of Stove Furnishings,
Proorietor.
Agateware, Tinware Etc. SEASONABLE GOODS
Gh E. WAINMÂSHAWVILLE. ™	*°w
Public Notice.
HONG KEE
BEFORE LAYING IN YOUR ::	FALL SUPPLIES. ::
The annual meeting of the Members of Pontiac Agricultural Society No. I will be held in old town hall. Shawviile, at 2 o’clock p. m. on Wednesday the 18th of
f receiving the electing a
Board of Directors for 1902.	. , . ,	,,	.	.	. .
A Directors’ meeting will	be held the i o clock	was able	to be taken to	his	rooms
same day at 10 o’clock a. m.	| at the Turkish bath on Albert street.
E. GRAHAM
!
P. S.—Highest price for Hides aid Pelts.
CHINESE LAUNDRY,
Dec. inst., for the purpose o financial report for 1901 t
and
Silas Young,
Next door to Miss A. McRae’s
THE MARKETS.
Main Street, - Shawviile-
JOHN YOUNG
Double Drowning Accident
THS BODIES FOUND
SHAWVILLE,
Wheat, (standard) 68 to 00c.
Oats per bushel, 00 to 40c.
Pease per bushel, 65 to 70c.
Buckwheat, 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 40 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 00 to I5c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to I5c.
Ducks, per lb. 6 to 7 cents.
Chickens, per lb. 5 to 6 cents.
Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cents. Wool, per pound, 14 to 16c. Pelts, each, 40 to 50c.
Hides, $5.50 to $5.75. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cento each.
OTTAWA
Sec-Treas
President.
Starke’s
Corners.
Laundry work of all kinds done in first class style.
The bodies of Miss Blair and Mr. Harper were recovered on Saturday morning about nine o'clock. The body of Misa
BESSIE BLAIR AND MR. H. H. HARPER THE VICTIMS.
TENDERS FOR lmu ..
EESHHES ! eèIBIsSe SSt£“ Vi.
,, .	. ... .,	... for the Clarendon Cheese and Butter Co. Creelman.
Musis Bees e B.air, Mias Suowba 1, Mr. Cheese maker is to furnish supplies noces H. A. Harper, Mr. Alex Creeman were a sary to manufacture cheese to weigh and party of four merry young people who box all cheese leaving it ready for ship-started out about 4.30 o’clock to enjoy a ment and keep an accurate account of daughter of Hon. Mr. and Mis. Blair.
EEBSHSE
skated down pat Rockcliffe and when thing.	spent abroad.
near the h.ai of Kettle Island Mr. Creel- Address all tenders to	Her early edueatic n was begun in the
man and Mias r.jaaie Blair, who were	MAR Y L. SMART, ^ ^	Lower Prorincea; afterwards ahe went to
¦“Wfe 'S* ~I	1 SHæH:
' | making her debut in Ottawa she again . left for Switzerland to pursue her studies

OHAWVI LIE’S
^ NEW
Here it is ! The Place
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
Mies Elisabeth Blair was the fourth
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled W are.
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the man ufacture of all kinds of
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
“ pails. 18 to 20c. per lb Eggs, fresh, 25c. per ooz. Potatoes,'.80c. per bag.
Lamb. 6 to 9c. per lb. Mutton, 5 to 8c. per lb.
Beef, 3$ to 5&c. per lb.
Pork, $6.25 to $7.75 per 100. Chickens, 45 to 00c. a pair. Oats, 48 to 50c. per bushel. Hay, $5.80to $9.00 per ton. Wool, 13 to 14c. per lb.
space, w
ineau Point says is about 200 yards long and about 25 yards wide. Mr. Harper
and Miss Snowball were a short distance I the ice. Miss Suowba l a cries also af _ in the rear. Mr. Creelman shouted a ' tracted the attention of Willie and George ! and returned only in August laat to tike warning to Mr. Harper and Misa Snow-1 Sharp, son# of the gardener for Mr. T. C. her place as a daughter of her father's
_ - Keefer, C. E. who were skating some, house. Charming and sweet in dispoai-rades struggling in the icy water. Mr. j distance away, and they joined in the lion her friends can hardly bear the Harper told Miss Snowball to skate to | alarm which brought Mr. David Seguin thought that ahe is gone. She was but the Gatineau Point f< r hetp and then and others to the scene. Mr. C. Tread-119 years of age. started to the assistance of his companions gold, wh% with Miss May Blair, was with who were making desperate efforts to • government house party, was the first The late Honry A Harper was a well keep above water by grabbling on the ice. to reach the scene and he made several j known newspaper man and a native of Mr, Creelman warned Mr. Harper not to attempt» to assist Mr. Creelman, who by attempt a rescue but without saying a this time was alone, his unfortunate word the gallant young fellow took off companions having gone down to death, his overcoat and undercoat and jumped Mr. Tread gold was unable to assist his inte the water to the assistance of Miss friend out, but Mr. Blais eosn arrived Blair. The struggle in the icy water was and shoving the boat into the water both not of long duration and in a few minutes men got into it and soon rescued Creel-Miss Blair and Mr. Harper went down in man who was about completely exhausted the chilly depths. Mies Snowball's cries and almost immedistely lapsed into un for help attracted attention from Gatineau consciousness. Mr. Creelman was carried honor. After Point, nui Mr. Mathias Blais started to to Mr. Blais' house where he soon res-the reicue with a boat which he drew over ponded tv restoratives, and about 9
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
impairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
Doors,
Mouldings,
r
ball, who were startled to see their com
Turnings, &c.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee firit-class work.
Barrie, Ont., where he waa born twenty-nine years ago. * He was a ion of ti e late Henry Harper, of Barrie, and both hie parents died suddenly some months ago. He was educated at the Barrie public and high schools where he made a record as a brilliant student. Then he went up to Toronto University and took the Master of Arts degree with much üi	graduating
newspaper work, beginning on the London Advertiser, and from thereto went
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future increase in business.
to the Toronto Mail Empire. For a time he warn editor of the Montreal Herald and later Ottawa correspondent for that Journal. While acting in the latter capacity he waa appointed associate editor of the Labor Gazette. While at the university Mr. Harper paid special to economic studies and waa s writer on subjects connected with economic studies.
DALE BROS.,
Shawviile.
JOHN G. ELLIOTT
attention a frequent
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
he went into
PROPRIETOR.
i
\

-
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Court Shawville,
Mo 818.
I.OKÎ
A Weekly tournai devoted to Local Interests.
PVBLISHED EVERT THÜBSDAT
AT SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUB8CAIfiTION-$f.OO A Y£AN in advance.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.


ss
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid f promptly every mouth.

Visit log brethren *	dlaTly Invited.
cor
i. A. Cowax, r.8
H. 8. Bakxett, F.8
20
John Beckett. C. R
WINTER WANTS :
ADVERTISING RATES
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
Legal advertising, eight cents per Hue for A ret Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at #4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of live cents per line for first Insertion and three ceuts for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry th cents per tine.
Before placing your orders for winter sup-l: les be sure and have a look over our new and complete stock ofje*^
The spot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, ok A Clean Shave
Cutters Robes Blankets Rug-s,
Bells Whips, &e.
Your Turn next
1
Christmas
Greetings
f
ree
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING
9
, All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
*
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
SHAWVILLB, - - QUE.
1901
Business Cards.
• • •
MEDICAL.
»
DR. STACKHOUSE,
Too busy to write an ad.
Fully prepared for the Xmas rush. Follow the crowd to our store where you can buy 25 lbs. of extra standard Granulated Sugar for a dollar bill.
A large, well selected ail'd varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes,
Surgeon Dentist,
SHAWVILLB - - QUE. I IN UNDERTAKINO
BEST GOODS.
LOWEST PRICES.
I also keep a complete stock of if une ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night
F. M. A. McNaughtorç,
A. SMILEY.
CHOICE STOCK OF
Christmas and Holiday Goods
Graduate ok McGill ünivirsitt,*
0/Hoe-Residence of the late Dr. H. II Knox. Shawvlllc.
Office bouro—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
A
District and Country.
G. F
Hodgins.


V'/W'y%A/'
D. B. ALEXANDER, M D., C. M
CLARENDON COUNCIL.
0«*4eat» tf Triuity UatreMity, forent»; Ghwtiato	Suawville, Dec. 2nd, 1801.
Tiotoria Uiirerslty, Toronto. Futbw by Regular eeseion of the Council this day. tnatioa of Trinity Med. Collage, Tiroato. Members present: Mr. Mayor, John
J. Il àwtroeo** Hoo-ta, Stewart ; Councillors, W. A. Holgins,
John Smüey, F. Thomas, Win. U. McDowell and James Wilson.
MiniVoj of last meeting read.
M ived by Couu W A Uodgii 3, eeo by Coun James Wilson, thst the minutes of last roee ing as now read, be and are hereby confirmed. — CUrried.
Moved by Conn Wsi C McDowell, eeo by Coun John Smiley, that the aide-line between lota 11 and 18 on the 12th range, be and is hereby ordered to be opened as a Municipal W ad to the front of the 13ih range, in response to a petition of W
Room 2d. Trust Building, No. 43 Sparks | J Wilson and others.—Carried.
Moved by Coun W A Hodgins, see by Con F Thomas, that James Hamilton bo paid for removing six stamps at 50 cents each, on receipt of certificate from the Road Inspector that said work was done.
—Carried.
Moved by Coun John Smiley, sec by Council in the year 1601, from lot twelve Conn W A Hodgins, that the following range two southward across part of lot bills be paid, to wit : James Wilson, for twelve range one had not been kept amount paid for the Council for work open by the parties bound by Procès ver done on the 13sh range, $20,00 ; Wm bal to do so.
46 Sparks Street, Ottawa.	Lyon, four cedars, $1 20; Peter Daley, Moved by Cjun Smiley, sec by Coin
Phone No. 1324.	repairing fence on winter read, $1.00.—	Tabor, and resolved, that the parties
Attends courte of Ottawa	and	Pontiac	Carried.	bound by Proces-verbal to keep said
Dfctricts.	Petition of Henry Horner and others, drain open be notified to attend to it as
be laid over.	soon as the weather will permit in spring,
Moved by Coun W C McDowell, see by end that the Road inspector of that Coun James Wilson, that notice be here- division be instructed to grade the road by given to a 1 Road Inspectors in the	across lot sixteen be* ween rangjs one snd
MAIN	STREET,	I Municipality who have not already open-	two and open up the ditches upon both
HULL,	•	•	QIE.	J fJj ^ wiDter roads usually travelled to	sides of road next season when doing
«SSaï,..	ÿC..
Pontiac. Prompt collections and imme- Cuun W G McDowell, that the tender of P Ireland, sud resolved, that tho special
dlate remittances. Special attention to McCullough for 100 codars, 16 inches sopt. be instructed in company with Jas. -	ÿ
correspondents.	long, 8 inches at thejtop end, good, sound	Ariuitage, occupant of lot northeast	w;	,	CtfiftCUmr ..... ran
and straight, delivered at Yarm at 40 cts. half twenty range five, to picket out the Wtth	y0U f "kIv
each, be and is hereby accepted. Also	sixth concession line across lot twenty at	your foot but you cannot stub the
that tenders will be received up to 10 a.	as early a date possible, and if the spec.-	rubber,
m. o'clock of the first Monday in Jan-	tupt. aud James Armitsge are satisfied
uary, 1092, 200 cedars as follows: 100	with the line s> located, that both par-
rîîMïïïïïsp: ’.Lrsr£S?£z .
SHÂWVILLE----------------ÇUE-	b,C«. H.=d.™„, ... b, S»W3 is imib„d by =v„,
-------------------------------- Carried	Coun Taber, and reaol.ed, that the aec- rubber manufacturer, but your
S. A. MAC KAY, B.C.L,, Moved by Coun F. Thomas, sec by rotary be inatructed to aend up lot .even dealer knows the genuine from the uiirinv' phbtm NOTARY for THE Coun Woe C Dowell, that John Strutt range eight to the County Secretary to imitation. No Imitation has our First come, flrst served. Write to	____________
reliance loan and havinos be paid *7.00 for hu time attending .mail-1 be add for unpaid taxes.	specially manufactured Rope Can-	McDQUQ'ALL & CUZNER.
CO„ OK ONTARIO.	pox at the preaching cam p, Yarm, and Hugh Rose presented an account of one vag the only fabric which can be	*
MONET TO LOAN	on KASY rams.	that the 8ec.-Tn»M.	i.	hereby inatructed	dollar for examining water course on lot	thoroughly impregnated with the	Hardware MOrCIiaZltS,	"	"
BRYSON,	- - QUE.	to ask Re., R Horner	to	pay	the	said	eight and nine renge two.	p J? * F 6 e _	.	7
Will be in Shaw ville	on Tuesday	and Sat- .mount.—Carried,	Moved by Coun Tabor, aec by Coun	rara uum*	CfcïnâVoOi
urday of every week.	Moved, seconded and earns 1 that we Ireland, and resolved, that the Secretary Don't boy unless the words«jiiWw^I v
ctedtopay Hugh Roas and col-	are •tamped upon the sole of	_	„
amount from Juliua Wiggins,	each rubber. All others are frauds |	Earned	From the	1901	Harvest
'	~ HHÉW	upon the public
Ok!1<* a mo Reunemw
MAIN BTRHBf - • 8HAWVILLH
J.F.CRONAU'S, LADYSMITH.
LEGAL.
BOORBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L L,
ADVOCATE .. BRYSON
Books, Toys, Jewellery,
Candies and Confectionery,
Fresh Groceries, Dried Fruits,
Raisins, Currants, Spices, Essences.
See our Stock before making your Xmas purchases. You will find the goods up to date and prices right.
J. P. GR0NAT7 "
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, *«.,
8b., Ottawa, Ont
A4 Shawvtlle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
*ffll*-over G. P. Hodgia»’ Store, Main SI.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
y
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER. AC;
OF TEX PROVINCE OP QUHBBC

Trust Building—
. LADYSMITH.
RUBBERS
HEAP
c

a
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L,
ADVOCATE, été.,
LAW CHAMBERS }
£Z>

From Bankrupt Stock.
Two only Sharp’s, 24-inch round barrel, 56 cal., rim fire, single shot ; weight 7 lbs. Price $5 each.
Sharp's Repeaters—8 shots, 56 cal., centre fire ; weight 84 lbs. Price
u»vP *8-°°facb-
lltiwv Spencer Carbine—single shot, 56 cal,, rim fire ; weight 7$ lbs. Price $8.
5|ü8 $t£fwil! outwear two pairs Qllly	0aVric£	Musket“31 inch -harre,> 7 3hot9» 56 CAl- rim flre-
of common rubbers.	I	One only Springfield Musket—31 inch barrel (second hand but in good
3 T© W	order); cal. 45.70, centre fire, at $6.
Ballard Carbine, .44 cal., rim fire ; weight 7 lbs Price $7.
ICft Two only Kentucky Ballards-46 cal., rim fire, J6 inch barrel. Price
97 each,
We
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court
Sussex St. Ottawa.
What one Enterprising Farmer
SALE OF
MILLINERY STOCK
be instru loot the
who is the party io default.
Moved by Coun Ireland, sec by Coun Morris, and resolved, that the Secretary be and is hereby authorized to sue Wm.
Tuolao for thirty dollars for cedars for which he was paid and never delivered aceorkirg to contract.
Moved by Coun Tabor, sec by Coun Henderson, and resolved, that the Coun I Have exclusive control of all
adjourn
H. Mathison,
Sec.-Treasurer
J. J. TURNER,
I	I The following figures apeak for them-
jHUf	! selves. They show that farming in
the best on the market, 6-inch, 9 inch and Western Canada produces results which 12-inch tops, with Rolled Edge and discount placer min ing, lotteries, wheels of Heels. They are carried In stock, and fortune, or any other known means of your dealer can order them for you. | producing large returns for small invest
n. J. d‘ KING CO. I*	,h "5S %%%
Thompson Beattie, of the firm of Haslem & Wright, who has just returned from a trip west on the main line of the C. P. R. The intelligence comes from Black I Their correctness is vouched for by Mr. River shanties that Peter Dots, of Kill-1 j0l. Glenn, farmer of Indian Head, and
a saar-sas I	—u... w, Micbig.o. I g—siS
r,t^SuÆSr.:.'"ïï P K^ra““'^ £-^2s,"ïï 5-flî
that there were fare men présent, Meaera The population of	Toronto	by the	pa-	Dota. Hie chum reached the camp and
I	Henderrou, Jo.eph Hender.cn,	,ic„ eenlu1 u 221,583.	made enquire,, but was told that Dot.
W.TC...MB.	.%%%»"**• Sâ««ySs=
and twenty-one » l»n <nadi. -	v j Joseph Shoemaker, Belin, Out., oen-1 pearance. The men believe that he was
two inches.	,	. . ,	, tenarian, was 102 years old laat Sstur- j attacked by wolvei and met his death j
rr-1 !SSs?k.,sJUs •raiess» I
' J°Meeting resumed, Coun Lucu retired	mMy ,re dymg-	Welne.d.y right, between train. 13 and
from the board.	Joaeph Belanger,	13 year,	of age	of	4|waa censed by the negh stance of the
Complaint waa made by Jame. Dodd Ottawa, waa killed by falling from a roof \Vaba.h Railway C.mpany and the tram ? Ü 1 w V IM E Q I that the drain ordered to be made by the I on Thursday	1 aien of train No. 4.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like
rfr conduct»?*!? °BhawT*îj?,once
month. A variety of articles always on hand for sale: Offlce : Shawvllle.Qut.
Ou. LEATHER TOP
-AT-
BRI8TOL COUNCIL
Mrs. McWilliams’
ShawviUe.
Minutes of regular aeeeion of the Municipal Council of the Township of Bristol, held in the Town Hall on Monday the 2nd day of December, 1901.
Members present : S Graham, mayor ;.
Councillors Lucas, Morris, Smiley and | c,l adJ^urn Taber.
Minutes of last session of Council
HOTELS.
Rubbers
Sale to commence on Nor. 15th and to continue till Dec. 15th.
St. Lawrence Hall,
A W M Kslhini, E Graham Secy. Treasurer
Mayor
Goods will be disposed of in bulk or by
private sale.
Trimmed and untrimmed HATS will be sold at wholesale prices.
read
also by the manager of the government experimental farm at that place.
Last year Mr. Glenn, bought a quarter section of land, or 106 acres, for $200.
This year the entire quarter section waa under crop. He allows expenses in connection With the crop as follows : Breaking at $5 per acre, $800; seed grain, $144; labor cf seeding, $50; binder twine, $84; harvesting, $350 ; delivery to elevator,
$210 ; incidentals, $160. A total of 1,998, Call and got bargains as I leave for Mon-including the cost of the farm. The yield was 7,447 bushels of wheat, which sold at 65 cents, realizing $4 095. 85. After all expenoes and the farm were paid for Mr.
Glenn thus had a clear profit of $2,087.86.
The yield averaged 47 bushels of wheat to the acre.
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress. •
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
in addition to stock will also be sold HAT STANDS, LAMPS, 1 JEWELL WOOD STOVE and SINGER SEWING MACHINE
f
PRACTICAL
mbs. McWilliams.
sad
JEWELLER
skips
A SEL1CT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY,


V

The Edison party who have been cx« ploring and prospecting in the Wahnpitae country for several weeks past, returned to Ottawa the early part of last week majority leaving at once for their home at Orange, New Jersey. They have applied for several locations, and are well pleased with the outlook here.— They expect to resume operations in the eprirg.—Sudbury Journal.
fit
the
m
Sand Point R C. Church warn entered night last week by a tramp who stole the cash in the poor box and drank the sacramental wine. He made himself at home by lighting a fire and making a bed ot the vestments.

<>ne


%
A SractALTTT
1


###PAGE###6###
/
t »'
aafSfZfâUSMQJB said at last
that your company la!of
RICHES Ut ÎHK PEAT SOBS
number of dollar» yearly by tho manufacture nnd eulo of Rolf requisites, and probably as much more is left in tho place by visitors to its famous links.
TOINS WHO LIVE ON SPORT
you," said Undo John grimly. My mother dropped a few leurs in her lap before she spoke.
"Is she a lady
only a paper one.
“Why," 1 ejaculated, ' the pro»-
She laughed so suddon-
a
IMPORTANT INVENTION BY A GERMAN SCIENTIST.
a
us.
Charlie ?
she
pectus ly that 1 laughed, too.
“Tho prospectus Î Surely you
I asked her to
IT IS MORE PROFITABLE THAN MANUFACTORIES.

2
asked.
1 assured her that she was an angel just dropped down from heaven. Thon Uncle John laughed.
“Ho might do worse, Frances/* ho said. “She’S brought him a dowry already/’
“And ho loves her,” said my mother softly.
My mother and I went round to Lucy’s lodgings that afternoon. She came forward to greet us with flushed cheeks and a plucky little attempt at a smile. My mother kissed
f
don't mean that ? sit down.
“1 suppose you mean there isn’t
much gold ?”
“There isn’t any gold. There never will be any gold. The company is a mere device to get the money of foolish people. Of course, you probably
won’t believe me ; but---”
“No one could help believing you/'
l assured her Hawke and Solomon were too
sharp----”
They are. Much too sharp.” Umph 1” l didn’t know wlmt to . Fortunately the man who col-
NOVEL BONFIRES.
Artificial Gutta-Percha Will Serve in the Insulation of Ocean
Cables.
A German scientist has recently devised a method of manufacturing bi-titidal gutta-percha from P«jt, and if it turns out to bo what is claimed it will simplify one of the greatest problems in electricity, the insulation of ocean cables, sdys a Her,in letter. Thus far gutta-percha is tho only substance which has been fount to furnish perfect protection wite against the chemical influonco of salt water, and the product is not only limited, but It is controlled by English firm of cable manuîaçtortho forests in tho East
12
Doncaster is the Greatest Racing Centre in England—Other Noted Places.
i^/5f5jEfaB5/MI2H2fBfcM5fafcB3f5
Jilted Man Burned His Letters on
Guy Fawkes Day.
I
think I’m no end of a John-
1 once did a ready
own their
Four English
racecourse», but tlio one which can	I P	.	,
give points and a boating to all the	u. young Lancashire fai'iner, who had
other three combined is Doncaster,	ben engaged for somo time to a I.l\-
Thv actual profits from the course	orpoor shopgirl, was for some reason
which go to relieve the rates, aver-	<,r other jilted by the fickle maid,
age over $50,000 a year. Ever since	This turned his love into hate; and,
1708 Doncaster’s races have been	us ho could not think of a more cf-
famousT Tho great St. Loger Stakes	fevtive form of revenge, ho do term! lithe town owes to tho sporting Col-	cd to celebrate Guy l*awl;es Day by
one! St. Loger, who founded them in	making a bonfire of the hu ml reds of
1776. Doiioastor has always been | letters she had sent him. Having devoted to sport. Its corporation j procured an empty petroleum barrel, at one time actually owned and kept	bo stood it on end in a field, knock-
a pack of hounds.	| (,(1 the top in, ami placed tho lotteis who own —
Dut the racing capital of England	inside. Opened out there wore more	)mlios from which	the	gutta	percha
is undoubtedly Newmarket. There	than enough to 1111 the barrel; and	ja stained. Experiments to	lirwi a
are no less than ten different	a straw effigy of his lost love having	sul)8lnuto have been	going	on for
courses on the famous heath, tho	been suspended at a good height	y0ltr8 throughout	the world, u
longest of which is 4$ miles round,	above, tho jilted one applied alight	^U8 flir nothing	has	been entire y
Newmarket was racing in 1605, be-	in the presence of a number of his	8UCCeSsful. The price of gdtta	percha,
fore Epsom was even heard of. friends. Immediately the flames shot jias	advanced considerably
There are never	; up, and very soon pile and effigy tho dcmands of the manufacturers or
were reduced to a heap of ashes.	. ,is which, 1 am told, has ul-
liESS THAN FOUR HUNDRED | will be remembered that five or	dout>led tho cost of cable Hum-
uincture. and if this German inventor is able to make an especially good insulator out of peat lie will make a very important contribution to the world's economy, for pent can bo found in almost every country on the globe in quantities almost unlimited. There are 8,000,000 acres in Ireland,, 2,500,000 in Scotland, and even more In Germany, Russia Norway, Sweden, Finland, and other
COUNTRIES OF EUROPE, peat promises to bo a humble but important factor in tho world's economy, and in countries where there is coal it is rapidly assuming a largo value. Experiments with liquid fuel in Germany, Russia, Switzerland, Italy, Sweden and elsewhere have not been entirely satisfactory
economical point of mow.
of petrol sum for
At the beginning of last November
ny, but I'm not ¦ ¦	¦
clever thing. 1 admit that she made but somo fellows nc er do a clever thing niak® them.
T# ocgiix with myself, I’m Lord Charles Manson, mid I’m pretty well olT. The governor tied my money up till I was twenty-five. When n fellow gets as old as that he lupins to say
w sensible, if he’s ever going to loots the pence for the chairs made a Hawke and Solomon thought 11diversion She we ed to pay for
hers, but couldn’t find her pocket in
mo
at all. Nobody could
Rut I thought
hoi
“1 have come to sec my clever little daughter that is to be," she said. And Lucy jumped at her, and put her head on her shoulder, nnd cried—by Jove, she did cry !
Wo form a company of our own now, and if she is managing director, 1 am chairman. It is a very Routed company—made up of her and me.— London Answers.
for a
gv
be
wasn’t	____
They may have had	"^They've taken a lot of shares," I
showed me the draft prospectus of demurred.
“MU SS 3 pWu™«,
they will do ?"
“Please. You're awfully good.” “They have just given instructions to brokers to buy largely, knowing that there is practically not one to When they have bought a few t high prices, people will | think that there is a fortune In the
Thov will see that its
an
their suspicion
for
few of their friends
The
Company
owning really good said it was, and print looks so con vincing. There were a lot of figures
how much ice you melted
KITCHENER HAS HUMANITY
He Is Good to Colonials and Has Sympathy for the Regulars.
I have had a talk with a young I horses in training at Newmarket, I s‘x y^trs nff° n young American hi-New Zealander, who hns served for ; ami hundreds more arrive for tho j journalist created a sensation hv the past 18 months in South Africa, seven different big race meetings Poking ns a K'oat lioness in some *. and I asked him what ho thought of I which the town holds. About half j °f a I Hied husband. On the publia-Kitchener, writes a correspondent.	Newmarket's male population are tionof her experiences largo sums or
"Well," said ho. “he's a soldier out trainers, jockeys, or stablemen, and money wore offered to her for tho ic-and out, but the stories of his no stranger could ever mistake the turn of M>mo of the letters that mi-cruclty and lmrd-heartednoss are all place for anything but a racing ccn- tune-hunting noblemen had written stuff. Ho wants work done, and ! ire. Even its very almshouses are * Hose were given up without feo 01 means to have it done, and In his : for jockeys, or their widows, and its 'award, and others were restated own way, too ; but once that’s set- hospital bears the name of Rous, through the intercession of friends tied he is as good to his men ns	any ' one of the greatest	sportsmen who!	Hut there was still an cnorin "is pile
of tho generals.	ever lived.	1(-ft, and the responsibility of the,:
“Like all tho other generals, lie Fifty-flvo million dollars is the poR-'osnicn weighed heavily on the was always very good to us colonials amount invested in hunting in Eng- mi»d of tbo fair American, finally though ho worked us hard. Ho knew land, and over twenty-five millions Hiey caused so much concern that we could stffnd it. ITe Is immensely ore spent annually. Of this big sum could not sleep at night, and. proud of his troops, and his whole j Leicestershire gets about $4,230,000i rather than bo troubled further with heart is in his work, in which anyone and the major part of this money is their custody, she got up from her can sec he delights. 1 have talked to spent in and around Market liar- I hed, gathered all the tender missives officers who worked immediately un- borough and Melton Mowbray. Alii together, and made
dor him, and they nil agree	that through tho winter every morning|	a HUGE BONFIRE OF THEM
there is nobody like him for details, and evening train brings into their, ,	,	,,	,
Nothing is left to others if he	can j stations long rows of horse-boxes	1 ,ien slic could sl(,ep in peace,
look into it for himself.	i and dozens of men	in pink. Those	^** amateur author, xsho had been
"After a hard day’s work in the come from Rugby, Cheltenham, Ox- foolish enough to publish a novel at	___
saddle ho will hurry oil. after a j ford,	and even further	afield. Mar-	Dis own expense, onco indulged in a	too high	to	° *
hasty meal. and go from bed to bed	tut	Harborough celebrated by	rather expensive bonfire as Uio re-	common	use for	manufacturing pur-
",to «* —*”•	“ - — "un""‘ ,‘S
.. ,o„	had yç, ' Vkm» howdiuy is now
ruptod him— this is from practicav | the more important. During the last the evening of Guy Fawkes Day. To ; price of petroleum within th9 limits ness rather than sentiment or sym- century it jumped in population from the number of some hundreds he had of practical economy. The consum-pathy. He thinks a well led, well	1,700 to 7,000. Both	these towns	them conveyed to a field adjoining	Crs in	Europe	have been rejoicing
cared for soldier 13 a better fighting	0we	their popularity	with hunting	|ljg garden and there with the aid of	over tho	discovery of unlimited quan-
machino than a hungry, discontented I people to tlie wide, flat grasslands L quantity of straw and wood, his titles of petroleum in tho Balkan man. But he can be sympathetic, which surround thorn.	! literary work was speedily made States, but very little has been done
to°-	Speaking of hunting. Trowbridge ready for the only devouring element toward the development of the do-
bad a Hunt last year, in which al- it could ever hope to experience. posits, and there is no immediate most the whole town took part. The According to an old newspaper, n prospect of competition fiom that Duke of Beaufort's pack found four curious bonfire was made in a West quarter. A German syndicate which miles outside the town, and the fox Qf England parish nearly one hun- has its headquarters in Beilin oh-ran straight into Ashton Street, dred years ago. It was composed tained, or supposed it had obtained, with the hounds hard at his heels. Gf an enormous pile of dry gorse and an option upon tho Roumanian and Hundreds of people rushed out on bushes and ns many fagots, or bun-1 Bulgarian oil fields, but when tho foot and followed. The fox bolted die8 Qf wood, as the years that lmd politicians and officials of those into a cottage nt the far side of the elapsed since tho discovery of the countries discovered or suspected town, and there was caught and famous Gunpowder Plot. All the in- that it was acting in the interests of kHled^	habitants of the parish contributed the Standard Oil Company they can-
to wards the bonfire, preparations for celled the option and raised the which were in progress for several terms so high that negotiations were weeks before the anniversary came PROMPTLY ABANDONED, round. Needless to say, they all likewise assembled to see tho huge pile set alight, the fire being declared to be the largest and grandest that had been seen in the neighborhood within the memory of the oldest inhabitant. The fagots had all been obtained from a large wood a quarter of a mile distant from the scene of the fire
showing
hoiv much gold you got, what it cost, and what was profit—50 per cent. 1 think the profit was. cd such a nice company thought I'd like to have a cut in.
1 suppose the' shares will nil he snapped up ? Ton niv word, I---”
It look
that 1 s,‘u
shores
Hm !” 1 said
company
! chairman is a gentleman of position, . I with a reputation as on honest Eng- if lish spoi lsman.“	1 bowed not know
ing what else to do. “So Hawke Solomon and Co. will gradually dispose of their shares, and you and the said new shareholders will be left with an How many shares do you utterly worthless concern ”
“J vc evidently been a precious 1 don't see wlnit 1 can do
“My dear follow,” su id 11a w kc you would lik “Of course J should
1 said
“Then leave it to me.
“We’ll see you throng! Solomon want ?”
"Well.” I said, “1 couldn't draw more than £10,000 without letting old Vance know, and he’d be sure to go to my mother, and make a fusa.” Vance is our solicitor, have more then 10,000 £1 apiece.
"My dear boy
fool
now
no
“Don't you. I do. When they have given sufficient orders to buy large-So I can’t iVf iSt»n them your shares They were 0’d alou(i.
I laugh
“Upon my word. Miss Reilly.” T
y°u j said, you ore as clover as you arc—
shall have them. In a month they’ll pretty.” bo up to £2. and then you can sell
from an
While tho use
steaming purposes has its advantages, being smokeless, always ready.
and n quick heater, the prie» is yet
into
said Solly
Oh, no !” she said, with a blush. Well,” I admitted, “perhaps not Afterwards they altered the pros- s0 exceedingly clover as that, pectus a bit, and put me in as chair
but they j said. «•
my 1 my lord
out
I didn’t mean that at all
You—vou really shouldn't
she
man. I didn’t see the use explained it was on account of being a lord, and well known as a
cricketer.
"1 can’t make speeches out. “or do much
ASKING 1IOW HE FARES
I'lease don’t be offended
"because I meant it—both She explained that inten-
1 im-
I plorod
I pointed things
of the manage- ^jon luade my offence worse.
We arranged that she was to let "Not at all, Hawke promised. mp know when to toll my brokers to Solly and I are the managing «ü- soli. Wo wore just shaking hands for reitors. Of course, we shall be glad good-bye, when 1 had an idea, of your advice at all times.”	i sAy. Miss Reilly,” I said, “if I
‘ What shall I d? first, then ? '	1 get rid of my shores to Hawke and
The chairman ought to have Solomon, won’t they sell them to
somo poor wretches, who can’t afford the loss ns well as I can ?”
“You can’t help that,” she answered slowly.
“By Jove. I can
“You promised to do what I told
ment
“While I was in Pretoria I heard a story which shows this. His troops were somewhere south of Johannesburg, and they had had several days of marching and skirmishing, and were thoroughly 'done up.* In the evening Kitchener went round with the guard, and ono of tho outposts, an English regular—quite a boy— was found sitting on a hillock fast asleep. The officer of the guard shook him, and the poor chap started up, rubbed his eyes in a dazed way and stared about him. But when he caught sight of Kitchener’s face he waked up in real earnest. But he was too scared even to salute he simply stared at him. I suppose he thought, he would be shot.
“The officer took down his name and number, the new man took his place, and he was ordered to report himself next morning. It must have been an ugly walk for him behind Kitchener as they visited the other outposts. The next day lie reported himself, doubtless expecting the worst; but when it was made clear that the fellow hadn't had six hours' sleep - in the 18 hours before his forbidden nap. and had only recently come out of hospital, Lord Kitchener was quite sympathetic, told him to be off and think no more about it, and subsequently sent for and severely reprimanded tho responsible officer, and told him to be careful in future as to the condition in which he allowed troops to go on outpost duty, or, he would hear of it.
a sked
u voice in the concern ‘ ‘Oil—cr—certainly, ’ ’
•>’ »
said Hawke. “Come round the offices with us this afternoon, and sec the staff. Perhaps you can suggest some improvements *’
Wo went to the offices accordingly. When we entered the clerks’ room, Hawke said
Hanson» our chairman stood up. It made me feel deuced awkward. However. I professed to he very interested in the work, and asked them all what they did. They
»
you.’
“I’d do almost anything you told
me—jump into tho water, or----”
“Probably you can swim marked sarcastically.
"Yt^s. Well, into the fire. 1 can
This is Lord Charles
They all
she rc-
For fifty weeks out of the fifty-two Henley sleeps peacefully ing the other two she is us awake a# any town in England, and many of her people gather in a harvest which lasts them all the rest of the year. During Henley Regatta the population of the place
SWELLS FROM ITS NORMAL
Dur-
widc
burn 1
All this gives additional liuportr to the development ot the peat
invention of
,	Don’t be so silly
seemed to do everything so well that pardon. my lord.
I couldn’t for the life of me see any thing to improve.
Then wo went into another room,	. «<
where there was a very nice y'oung honorable ono." lady in a very neat Mouse. She had |	« j k|loW what you can do,’
one of those pretty Irish faces half snjj with sudden animation innocent, half saucy-and she made 80on ns you’ve sold them your tdiarcs a dainty little bow.	send a notice to the papers that you
iliis is Miss Reilly, our 1 y pc- jiave severed your connection with writer,” they said.	the company
"Pray don’t let me disturb you,” I ‘ Miss R< lid.	It’s—er- a very lino day.*’ It |splendid
was a beastly day, as a matter of During t he next week I met her Iavt•	every day. She said it wasn’t ne-!
cessavy to meet so often, but T iu-I sisted that I was sure to do something silly if we didn’t. She gave • me a lot of directions, and I carried
to tho letter. If I had a regular Johnny I couldn't
have done that, you know. Finally Miss Reilly docs her work adnnr- t soid an the shares to Hawke and
ably, Hawke informed me.	; Solomon, through their various
Jhen, I said, J hope sho s well j brokers, gaining about £7,000 over
_	. ,	,,	,	, the transaction. Then I sent my let-
Gcrcunly, said Ilnwkc— ccr“ ter to the papers. When ft appeared
next morning I laughed till I nearly “What—er—salary does Miss Hcilly c]l0kcd myself
get ft9 I demanded
“Urnph
I bog your But really you
V bit of a fool." T said regret -but, J hope, as you said, an
she 'As
!
anvc
industry, and to the machinery which promises to convert the bogs of Ireland into property : valuable than the Bulgarian oil
fields and create a revolution in the
Mechanical
are
more
4,913 to something over 30,000, and during the big tîhrec days it is reckoned that 8250,000 is spent in the place. The less-known Henley Town Regatta, which comes on later in the season is also a big event, and brings all the population for miles besides large crowds from Beading. Henley has lived on its regattas ever since 1839.
Water-sports are also the breath of life to two other English towns. Cowes has been the headquarters of the Royal Yacht Squadron since 1815, and the old Ilenry VIII. fort which forms tlielr clubhouse, has more wealthy members than any other club in the world. Two million live hundred thousand dollars is yearly expended at Cowes on yacht-
fuel markets of Europe ingenuity has devised a process by
which the moisture of raw peat can
and the
be expelled in a moment
grass fibres of which it is composed
pressed into bricks, which contain greater caloric properties than coal, wood or petroleum. They burn with a brilliant flame, yield an intense heat, are free from soot, sulphur and gases and are entirely clean.
A plant for working tho peat beds of Germany has already shown Its ability to turn out 300 tons of fuel n dav at a cost of about $1 a ton, and it is said that this compressed peat will yield the highest quality ot charcoal at n cost of less than $5 a For steaming and naval pur-thc compressed pent is sub-
EMPEROR'S SOLICITUDE
Reilly,'' 1 said, "you arc

When Li Hung Chang Was 111 Twelve Years Ago.,
It is liner than it was
she as-
sented
An issue of the Pekin Gazette in 188V contained an official statement saying that Li Hung Chang had caught a severe cold which affected the muscles of Ills face and produced great thirst and redness of the eyes. He first obtained twenty days’ leave from his official duties and subsequently two extensions of a month each on which occasions tho Emperor expressed great solicitude for his health and urged him to procure the best m Gazette «
Er—how do you like typewrit
in g ?
• It is my living, my lord. I'vejthem ollt hardly thought whether I like it or , t)eon
not
ton
paid
ing
A rLAUSIDLK^TORY
poses ¦	p
ject to a secret treatment which prevents it from absorbing moisture, Tho and when so treated it can be transported long distances at sea or re-“Prince Chun, the Prime Minister, main exposed to tho weather in sent him twenty pills, which had stacks without impairing its calorie been specially prepared in the palace, i properties. At present in Ireland, one of which was to be taken every Germany, Russia and the Scant!inav-day before food. Externally lie ap- ian countries pdat is dried in the plies a lotion to dry his tears and sun, which is a long and tedious pro-internally In takes medicine to pro- cess, often requiring several months mote circulation. Li expresses him-! in damp climates, but after treat-self profoundly grateful for the many meat by the machinery recently intokens of sympathy which he has re- vented it can be burned the ceivecl from the throne and assures day that it is the Emperor that nothing is further from his intention than to take his case at such a moment as the sent.
Kamworlli, on the Norfolk Broads, divides its attention between fishing and yachting. But fishing is what its people love best. Recently the town has been up in arms against an attempt on tho part of the High Sheriff of Norfolk to exclude the people from several of the Broads where they have been accustomed to for forty years to fish and boat. First he put up chains across the channel. These the villagers smashed. Then tho owner had recourse to an armoured houseboat, with artillery in the shape of fire-engines, and this, up to the present,, has proved effectual for his purpose.
No ono would imagine Torquay to be a resort of sportsmen, or to have anything directly to do with sfort. Yet Torquay's City Fathers have recently purchased an enormous rabbit warren—2,000 acres in all—and have taken on several men as keepers. They contrive
TO TURN AN HONEST
penny by their sporting tastes, for they are selling rabbits at the rate of ten thousand a year, and making a profit out of them of twelve cents apiece.
Coursing provides considerable profit, as well as good sport, for several towns—especially Amesbury, a small place seven miles from Salisbury. The open fixture on the big downs brings hundreds of men down from London and elsewhere, and a good deal of money is spent in the place. As for Southminster, which is down in a far corner of Essex, near Burnham-on-Croucli, the place lives for greyhounds, and coursing-meetings arc of frequent occurrence on the flat marshlands near the town. The Essex Club has its headquarters there.
Games, as a rule, do not do much towards making a town. The exception which proves the rule is tit. Andrews, the world’s golf headquarters. The spread of golf to England during the last fifteen years has given tit. Andrews a boom such os it never had before. Its seven thousand inhabitants make teg. times that
Lady—“Why arc you wandering around the country I should like to know, instead of staying at homo and taking care of your family?”
Tramp—“You sec, mum, my wife had a very good servant girl—a regular jewel, mum.”
Lady—“That doesn't s cem possible!” *
Tramp—“There never was but ono perfect girl, and my wife had her, mum.”
Lady—“Mercy! What a lucky woman ! * *
Tramp—“Yes, mum; so my wife
*• ........................................................
nmiWhasaieftCus^Ur	^	Tramp-"No, mum I She said my
"Put on your hat. Miss Reilly," I wifc wou1ld	to discharge her or
directed ; and sho obeyed without a l11^* ®° she discharged me. wor(1	Lady—“Oh, I see! Here’s some
cdical aid available
' After breakfast I went round to the office to give Hawke and Solly— or both, if they liked—a chance to punch my head They hadn't arrived, so I went in and sat on Miss Reilly's table, and told her she must share the profits ; but she wouldn't. Presently they came in.
“Oh !” sneered Hawke. “Hero is the pretty dear who lias sold us.
, Mind she doesn’t sell you a worse
one, you mean, underhanded-----”
“That's enough,” I said, getting
continues
said ITawkc. “I He looked at Solomon.
“Well,” said Solomon, “for the moment----”
“Do you mind my asking you, Miss Reilly ?”
“Certainly not, my lord. Twenty-five shillings a week.”
“Really,” I said firmly, “this seems a matter in which some improvement might be made.”
“Of course,” said Hawke—“of course. I’d no idea that it was so little.”
I
think
sa nu
CUT OUT OF THE GROUND
up
The briquettes, or bricks, of pent Pre~ and lignite, sell in Berlin for from $2 to $2.75 per thousand, which is equivalent to a ton of the best coal, and in some respects they nrc much superior, being cleaner to handle, ..	. kindling rra&Wy, making little smoke
r .	, J J ‘,0 • Hand quick hot fires. The difficult*
the mg it his mind , huR boeu to CXpcl the moisture of th« has Icen troubled with the thought peat t>ut by a process recently In-that his sickness might cause some »	, b Engincer Sfauber of this
"	¦«, iS KbM'toTutZi.i.'LK
I II have Gainfully pei used tie	The briquettes are not only
¦IB*
in ms ocnau.	tries where the fuel problem is also
serious. In 1900 tho people of Berlin used 1,958,040 tons of cool, an increase of 153,174 tons, and l.CfcO,-700 tons of briquettes, an incronS4 of 173,817 tons.
English coal costs 87 a ton foi th< best quality; tho native coal f#om $2 to $6.50, according to quality, nn4 tho briquet(cs from $2* to $2.75 # ton.
“Shall wo say 30s ?” Solomon a ked me.
“Thirty-five shillings,” I suggested.
“I will instruct the cashier at once,” Hawke promised. “You will find his lordship always ready to appreciate good work, Miss Reilly.” -No doubt,” said Hawke, with an mo“e>'
She looked so pleased, and thank- cvd grin, “his lordship will provide ed me so prettily, that 1 was sorry morc p]casont occupation-—”
am es=P5'i
60 S,'C had t0 WOrk'	trio.1 to push roc uway; but of ^ want two pounds of paralyzed
course, she couldn t, so she sobbed Sllglir »» *ho began, with a business-on my shoulder instead. I m not ,jke ft,r
going to toll you all I said. The ..Yea'm. Anything else?” long and short of it was she wouldn t „Twb tlng of condemned milk.” that I have me.
any more
“Though he has been on leave so long he is daily occupied in transacting business and has often forgotten to take his food until after the going down of the sun. All the stillness
NEWLY MARRIED

We
II
One afternoon I was having a stroll in the Park before dinner, when she happened to come along. I’d heard her s.,\ that she went homo way. I was wondering whether she Yes, she did love me, since I was would object to my walking with so cruel as to make her tell. That h**r, when she suddenly stopped	was just why she wouldn't marry
“May J have a few words with you, me She would let me help her out my lord ?” she asked.	of my profits, perhaps, for her
“As many as you like,” I said. mother's -sake, till she had found an-“Yoti are an honorable gentle- other place, if I meant what I said
about throwing the money away otherwise.
When I got home my Uncle John, who lias the brains of the family, was with my mother, and I told him the whole story. I thought there would be nil awful row, but there
Ycs’rn.”
Anything more, ma'am?”
A bag of fresh salt. Be sure it is


'Thomas,” said the teacher of the class in physiology, “can you give a familiar instance of the power of the human	to adapt itself 1
changed conditions?” sponded Tommy Tucker gained a hundred pounds in llesh in less’n a year, an' her skin didn’t crock a bit.”
fresh
“Yes'm. What next?
“A pound of desecrated codfish.” He wrote, glibly, “desiccated cod.” “Nothing more, ma’am? We have some nice horse-radish just in.”
“No," she said no use to us;
Yes'm,” re-”My aunt
man ?
Well,” I said
I llUJV .1
“I rely upon your not mentioning what I am going to say. I can’t afford to lose my place **
' You may entirely rely upon me.” T assured her She hes.'fated a mo-
“It would be of we don’t keep a
horse.
Then the grocer sat down and fan-himsclf with a patent waslv
The only thing we can rcconimcnt to women for Vue i husband is to fci trust to luck
By Jove, I left my purse under my
Oh, well, your servant Is
That's just It—
' 8
I
* g
pillow honest, isn’t she?
ned
board, although the temperature was
1 1
l
i x
i'MC
xlng her tiny shoes llt uk you we xwtu*
Wi.Slft
limit, fit
she'll take it to my wife.”
to take care nearly freezing
You want some* n
she
1

f










###PAGE###7###

father, the fumous Vaughan HuynheV who did so much
MABRIABES LOSTMILLIONS
ccssity ôf cleaning, is said to be to coat, the surface with a thin solution of collodion varnish diluted with spirits of wine. After being applied with a soft brush the spirit evaporates, leaving a thin, glossy, transparent film on the polished surface. Warm water removes the varnish. Tarnished silver may be restored by careful rubbing with a soft cloth wet with dilute solution of potassium cyanide,—one ounce to a quart of water,—followed by rinsing.

O
however, docs not caro much how long a bird may take to fatten, provided that ho la putting on flesh the whole time, and that when ho is in a fit condition to kill he will be worth a good round aura at the finish.
Planta must have food and water the sumo as animals. The fine white roots are tho feeding mouths, while the leaves take carbon from the atmosphere. Plants mako their most rapid growth when well supplied with n variety of food, and as they convert food into saleable produce, they should be well fed or they will fail to give satisfactory results.
Tho farmer who carefully looks after the capacity of his farm in a matter of producing large and good crops, and can by careful study and skillul management keep Increasing tho value of his farm by .increasing its fertility has, In a large measure, solved tho problem of successful farming.
Uran is excellent for poultry, and one point In favor of bran is that it contains a much larger proportion of lime than any other cheap food derived from grain, and as tho shells of eggs are composed of lime it ia essential that food rich in lime bo provided.
for British shipping# The line's chief rival was tbt Gtr*4 man lino of the "Schwarrar and Joseph Huy she, while helping in a shipping arbitration case at Hamburg, met Fraulein Meier, the daughter of the head of the "Bchwarzan Cans" line, fell in love with her, and soon afterwards married her. Tiling* looked like peace then ; but the newly-united German firm got several concessions from their new relative, and, by their influence, gradually drew the Saigon line under German control, and, naturally, unde* German Jurisdiction. Every British shipowner knows what this meanf« Tho Saigon line dwindled, and, aa it could not be absorbed, was financial-wrecked" by its rivals. After the liquidation the $.'100,000 a year which was formerly Jluyshc's income from it was a tiling of the past.
2 FOR ™e HOME f
§_____________________e
#
Recipes for tho Kitchen. # hygiene and Other Notes 1 for the housekeeper. 7
FOR FARMERS
LOVERS WHO SACRIFICED ALL AT CUPID'S CALL.
* Seasonable and Profitable j t hints for the Busy Tillers M v	the Soil. *	t
$2,500,000 Given Up for the Man of Her Choice.—Both Lost a Fortune.

One of tho biggest fortunes ever thrown to the winds for tho sake of
_____	a wedding was that of the ward of
To Boil Potatoes In.—To make a	Chancery, Miss Elthain, daughter of
good potato bag,* cast on stitches At the present time, when lace is thc jatQ Araos EJtluun, the British
enough to make the knitting work a •rn,lu^hJn vo*u®.	<xP®nf,'e °* shipowner. She was entitled to
foot wide, whether on steel or wood- " I ng it clean is quite e. burden to $2,500,000 in land and securities,
cn needles. Knit first row plain, then g,r with smal! means. Her bur- pr0vicJod she did nut marry till she narrow, throw thread over, narrow, 1 n mftV bc lightened. A	simple way	wag twenty-five, and	with iho ap-
and so on. Next row, knit the loop,®' c,oan»ig rolled lace isi	to	5-Tread	proVni of the court.	This annoying
and stitch together, knit, thread 1. out on psper, cover it- with cal age, to have to wait for, is a corn-over, narrow, stitch and loop, stitch , ;muf* magnesin, put another paper ,n0ll tiling in Chancery wardships, and loop. When two feet long, bind C)U toP anJl Prcss 11 between the ftn(| Miss Eltham was only one of of! and Join tho two ends. With	of * book. Leave it for a day many. But a young barrister, Bob-
drawing strings, gather top and bot- "r Mvo then shako out the mag- crt Evans, proposed to her, and was tom, making a white twine bag in|®'‘sit!* when the lace will	be	found	accepted, while she	was >.till nine-
which to boil potatoes or a cab- '''dung fresh and clean.	I his	is a	teen, in spite ol the fact that it is a
bago.	I ™°‘f <>f m eaning winch may be prao prnal offence to marry a word in
Brioche-One pound white flour 1 "M ,on the most delicate and valu- Chancery without sifted. 8 oz butter, 1 teacup warm ahlc lace without thc smallest fear of
milk, * teacup homemade yeast, 8 ,,IJ""ng lL eggs beaten light, 1 salt spoon salt.
Mix all well together, make into a dough as soft us you can possibly knead it, place in a well-buttered pan
covered and let dough rise for four hours, then bake in a hot oven
This is very nice when
TESTED RECIPES.
COMFORT ON THE FARM
l'rom th# absence of arrangements for securing comfort in houses, burns and pens on the farms of too many, wo may conclude that comfort is not appreciated as a thing of value, but rather clMsilied us a luxury,
Man and beast need but little for mere existence. That "man needs but little here below, nor needs that little long," is true only when wo arc considering the question of holding soul and body together. But wo Uiko It that the farmer of this day ; should aim to do more than to exist. The man who does no more of kss value than an oyster HHjHHNH thing to tho sum total of human happiness. Ho creates nothing for the support and comfort of his fellows
Iv

FIGURES OF À GREAT CITÎ
lie adds no-
ANNUAL REPORT OF TORON* TO’S ENGINEER.
THE COURT'S SANCTION
There was not the slightest chance of this, so, declining to wait such a preposterous time, the couple were quietly married In a registry office ; and though Evans was arrested and tried for the offence, lie got a purely nominal term as a first-class misdemeanant. and became quite a hero, for, naturally, no stigma attached to such a sentence or offence.
The murriago was a very happy one, and, though the heiress had to givo up her $2,500.000, Evans, who was a briefless barrister at the time of the marriage succeeded so well that he died worth $250,000 only ten years ago.
The record case on these lines, however, was the Colquhoun one, when each of the lovers lost a large fortune rather than wait a few years Kenneth MYickhni, son of "The Vack-hai of Glenluco," Scotland, had the iiMual provision ma le for him— $500,000 in Chancery, arid the interest paid, provided he did not marry till he was thirty. This brought In about $15,000 a year. The other character in the drama was Ellen Colquhoun, who, though only twenty-two, was entitled to the interest on $3.000,000, amounting to
$90,000 A YEAR, PROViDED.
PAPER SPREAD.
Take four papers about the size of an ordinary daily newspaper, open arid lap over, and baste their margins together. The spread will bo about 70 inches long and 46 inches wide. Cover with print or cheesecloth, and hold all togpther by tying with common twine. It should bo laid next to tho other covering. It is imporous to air and will prevent the «lumberer from catching night colds in a room where the circulation is too free.
The man who is satisfied with a bare existence lor himself is on the verge of becoming a burden to the public.
Every man or woman who is thy <tf citizenship or tho respect of his neighbors will not only secure for himself and herself a support, but also give a helping hand to tho weak and helpless.
There are on our farms, and off of them, too, plenty of men who affect to despise tho comforts of life as tilings which tend to effeminacy and prodigality. It is true that comfort is not the first thing to bo sought, but it is equally true that next after tho necessities of life arc
most desirable and
Valuable Information About the City's Streets and Work Done Last Year.
DAWSOS CITY GOES AHEAD
rise, keep the pan closely
City Engineer Rust, of Tor, uto, has issued his annual repo i foi 1900. It contains much inter*-ting information and gives a very complete account of the work of tl department for the year. Mr. 1 report is one of the most comj et< issued by any city engineer in A erica. The report contains the fc vfiring statistics about the city:
The area within Toronto's limits, not including tlic portion of tho city lurid covered by water, is 17.17 square miles.
The population of the city, according to the census taken by the directory Company, is 237,000.
Within tiie city limits there are 269.03 miles of streets and 841 miles of lanes, of which 181.85 miles are paved, and 77.18 unpaved.
Pavements and Roadways:—Asphalt, 30.81 miles; cedar block, 85.78 miles; brick, 10.77 niilet; macadam, 47.81 miles, wood on con-67 miles; stone and scoria 68 miles; gravel, 6.Ü4 miles.
wor-
80
IT IS A SMART AND UP-TO-
DATE CITY.
minutes
made with exactness.
Shoulder of Pork —To pickle a shoulder of pork, trim off rind and heavy fat, and rub well with fine salt. Cover the bottom of a stone jar or butter tub with coarse salt,
iMiima
ÜE=v:S|pBHi5
Mse*
IS*;*
Discomfort Is n source of weakness A VERY FINE SCHOOL.	Cinnamon Hr end.-Take a quantity
mid a hlndrunco to development. "There is a splendid new school of bread douqh after raising over l i e word comfort means to strong- ,ust completed and equipped with night, roll smooth, spread rçith bub-tnen much, to encourage, to invigor- *ovcry modern convenience. It would ter, sugar and cinnamon, roll as a These are the very aids to bet- a* cre<jit to any city of 25,000 in- , jelly roll, cut in slices an inch thick, ter life and successful effort.	habitants in Canada.	put in pans cut side uppermost, and
Carried to its fullest meaning, “The administration building is i bake, after allow5ng it to rise a com tort is not to be associated with ncnrjng completion and will be occu- short time as with biscuits feminaey, or the weakness of body [ll(.,i about the 16th of November. | or mind. So e- ntlal is || that	magnificent building. In ¦
man or beast cannot accomplish the dition to most labor without it
t’s
A Government Official Tells Something About the GoldMining Metropolis.
AN EMERGENCY COMPRESS.
Clean tissue paper makes an excellent emergency compress for a wound. It is much better than strips torn from clothing or soiled pocket handkerchiefs, which arc often the only available cloth at hand.
tho
met,
profitable thing is comfort, since without it there cannot be higher happiness and- development.
The cynics of to-day arc lineal descendants of old Diogenes. Ilis father was rich, but a thief and debuser of coin
not ambition enougn to provide himself with bread, but trusted to charity. lie affected to despise the comforts and refinements of life and his rudeness and want of human syrapa-
STOCK EXCHANGES
Even tho philosopher had
Their Growth in London, Wall Street and 'Change Alley.
crvle, block,
Sidewalks.—Stone flag, 1.821 miles; concrete, 25,089 miles; brick, 2,545 miles; wood, 400 miles.
The gross ary weather flow of sewage is 20,745,000 gallons daily, 890,« 0u0 gallons being from Toronto J unction.
Street watering used up 31,285,000 gallons of water in 1900. It cost 1C* cents per mile.
There are 232i miles of sewers, and 258 miles of water ma ins. On an average 22,094,204 gallons of water are pumped in a day. Annually 8,004,000,000 arc pumped The average schedule price of water is 2i cents per 1,000 gallons. Meter rates are 10 cents per 1,000.
There were 45,000 loads of snow removed by the city in 1900,	440
miles of sidewalk being cleaned. The snow costs 30* cents a load for removal.
There are 10,894 miles of telephone wires overhead and 9,438 miles underground
phones in use in tho city Burners Gas Company has 251 miles oi mains and the Electric Eight Company has 960 miles of oveihead for h m lie was the son of the fee- and underground wire, and fifty miles ond partner in Burrow* and Grant, of underground conduit, the English brewers, and it was his The Wor .s Department spent $1,-refusal to sacrifice his marriage in- 005,802 clinatlons to business that lost him a first-class fortune. His father had met his heart on his son’s marrying tho senior partner’s daughter, to bir 1 the ties together, and thoroughly amalgamate all the interests of tho business. The young man, however, who was twenty-five years old,	^ „„„
declined to allow any interference in lnng lhe , year 24,600 miles oi his matrimonial plans, and finally Pavcmvnts and 16,265 miles oi permanent (brick or concrete) sidewalks were constructed
At one time in tho world's history there were no stock exchanges; but then at one time even civilization was in its swaddling garments, says The Westminster.
Two hundred years ago, however, some enterprising traders breaking
she never married at all ; otherwise she got $500 a year, and the money went to the Scottish hospitals. This was due to old Mr. Gordon Colqu-
houn, the wealthy manufacturer, her away from certain restraints nnpos- uncic# who was a famous misogynist,
cl in connection with tho Royal	Ex-	or matrimony-hater.	He had	no
change, met in ‘"Change Alley,	an	maje heirs,	or	it	is	doubtful if	he
unoccupied spare near by ; and from this grew what is now the London Stock Exchange. The business	of
that period was chiefly confined	to
the national securities and the shares of a few large concerns such as tho East India Company. It was in 1706 that tho first foreign loan was negotiated through ‘"Change Alley," the rate of interest being 8 per cent. Members of the exchange then as now established thoroughly efficient systems of intelligence through-
would have left his money to one of the sex he disliked so bitterly. The clause was absolutely binding, though there was no penalty attaching to a marriage in such a case. The heir and heiress came together, fell in love, and were married quietly at Inverness, the bridegroom throwing his $500,000 to the winds, and the bride giving up her $00,000 a year, and drawing her modest $500. It is strange the way Fortune favors so many of these money-sacrificing love-mat crcs, for the couple went to the States, where Mr. Mackhai Is now the head of a great Texan ranching syndicate.
Though the case of the well-known painter Sidney Grant was different,
it
ate
, , , _	,	. „•	. out European countries, and became
Salad Dressing. One-hah cup vino- tj10 f1Ist informed and best informed d- j gar, half as much water. Put on
stove until hot; 1, egg, 1 teaspoonful mustard, 1 heaping teaspoonful butter, 1 tablespoonful sugar. Heat egg, pinch of salt, and the mustard and sugar together. Add the butter and pour the hot vinegar Jnto this.
; much more than Put in double boiler and stir con-Many large miners used stnntly until it creams. Add a half
of whipped cream just before
people on all current events affecting national financial issues.
There were not wanting in those earlier days those who, unscrupulous and grasping, were ready to adopt any means tu depress or advance prices. Reports of hurricanes were circulated after it had become known that some vessel of the East India Company loaded with treasure had set sail for England. Imaginary accounts of British victories or defeats were not infrequent, affecting as they would the market value of British securities. But in spite of these abuses the London Stock Exchange has continued, and now remains an institution enjoying
the departmental offices,
Securing I there is n large council chamber <>r comfort then in our homes and herds assembly room for the sitting of tho dues not mean extravagance or in- Territorial Council, vestment of one's means in things “A very large amount of mining which will not yield a good Interest | machinery has been taken into this on investments
There are 7,145 tele-
The Con-
it
WAS JUST AS SERIOUS
There are adorn- country this year ments and decorations which only lever before.
the more wealthy can indulge in, and as meny as six large boilers in their cup they have their value, but the line | works. There is also a large dredge serving between comfort and extravagance is ] working on 42 Bonaiva, which is broad and clear
last > ear, which is $120,-more than was expended In
The increase was It cost $421,080
478
1899, $945,324. about 13 per cent to opéraie the waterworks, and the revenue was $327,101, leaving $94.929 to be made up.
WORK OF TIIE YEAR.
giving every satisfaction. So minutely docs it do its work that large quantities of shot ore taken out of it weekly.
COOKIES, BISCUIT, PIE
Cookies—Cream together 1 cup sugar and ) cup butter, add 1 cup swfot milk, 3 teaspoons baking powder sifted in enough flour to make a. stiff batter, and whatever flavoring preferred. The handy part comes
in now. Instead of rolling the dough I of the whole financial world drop in spoonfuls	on well-greased	| narrow list of securities available for	announced
pans. Bake in a	hot	oven.	j investment gradually widened and to	other	lady
Biscuit—Into 2	pts	good sour milk	jsuch an extent that for years past
stir 1 qt flour in	which 1* teaspoons	j the national securities of almost
soda and	1 teaspoon baking powder	I every known country have been listed
or cream	tartar haVb been added,	and dealt in on the London market.
Add a pinch of salt, beat up good.	I Here you can buy Egyptian Unified,
. , , .	.	..	_	,	. roo	.	.	.appreciate this as well	as the	fact	and bake	In greased gem pans. If	Russian Consolidated or Turkish
stunted	in	the	cull er	stages	of	her	that	owing to good	roads their	sup-	thp milk	is nnt VPr> thick, more	Priority Hands. You can invest In
growth	tor	want	oi	enough to kevp	p||es	nnd machinery	are	easily trans-	follr will	required, for in he good	| the shares of American railways as
her In comfort. These points are ab- po,.ted now from Dawson to the EOlutely essential. What breed t^|cr(eks.
work on will depend largely on indi- “AM vegetables are grown in great vidual taste and judgment. She quantities except potatoes. The should not be bred from so early as ground seems too wet for them. To-to injure her own grow th or the vi- |matoes, cucumbers, cabbage, turnips, taliLy of her oilspring. If her first onions, cauliflower and in fact everv-litter is fairly numerous—say from thing is of the finest quality. T never seven to ten good pigs—and she nur- FuW finer vegetables grown, not even ses them well, that Is a sow to re-1 ln Manitoba.” tain as long as she is fit to breed.
Such a sow, properly managed, will bear and nurse twenty pigs in a season, and pay her way with a good
profit on all the skill and food she | The South African War Has Been
a Revelation. '	- 3
THE BREEDING! SOW
100 MILES OF ROADS
pans
see that the sow comes from a moth- (;old Run Dominion Hunker, Eldor-cr which is an easy feeder and » 0d0, Bonanza : two stages daily run good nurse, and care should be tak-|tQ Qrank Forks. The miners greatly en to sco that she has not been
THE CONFIDENCE
The
his engagement to unto whom no exception could be taken except for ’he which i he cider man had made up
his mind to bring about. The father ,nl'es °r pavements have
constructed, being 27 per cent, of thfl
total mileage of the city streets, fn
The pavements plan Constructed show an increase of 8i miles over 1899. In three years 70,-
bcen
of the artist was not called "dour John tirant" for nothing There was
a stormy interview, in which* "dour t,ic >’c‘af	works were construct-
John" produced the will he had «L 27 bcitlS asphalt pavements, 86 made, and delivered his ultimatum
whereupon the young man announced cl cedar block pavements, and 12 mifb that Grant the older might strike cadam roadways. The new pave-his pen through the clause entitling ments laid were: 6.34 miles of as-his son to $900,000 at once, and Phalt, 6.04 miles of brick, 7.84 miles save trouble. He then left the room, °I cedar block, 2.5 miles of macadam leaving all chances of his great for- and two miles of gravel, scoria and tune behind him, and the marriage stone sett roadways, as "Wall Street.”	three
But the New York Stock Exchange days later. lie was never forgiven : is not n thing of yesterday. It is a hut he worked, and made himself the M long on residential streets, only century ago since Trinity church name he has, and probably, if he had it is noisier; macadam Is good tow looked down Wall street and saw the preferred the $900,000 to connubial | street* where there is not much traf-commencement of that financial happiness and hard work, we should Ac, but is expensive to maintain and flgenev which has now grown into a have	dirty in wet and dusty in dry wcu-
veritable maelstrom day by day. LOST A GREAT PAINTER. ther. The construction of gravel To the credit of New York people It wa6 a marriage with n foreigner roadways should be discontinued, Mr. they have left Trinity church and that \ott the great estate of Oaken- Rust 86as t,i(*y arc unsuitable fox churchyard ; stately and restful ; a gates to Henry Chidioke, whereby it c't-v iramc. The lanes should be reminder that there arc things more passed to his cousin. This estate B^ved with brick, in the down town precious than money and more abid-;WttS worth $00,000 u year at least, districts, to improve their sanitary
condition.
walks, 24 re-constructions
concrete
the batter should he very stiff. Bake | readily as in the stock of the banks in a quick oven Pie—Fill a deep pie tin or shallow I building, stewpan with well seasoned pie fill- It is probably the great variety of ing, any fruit desired, «prend over j securities dealt in, which is the dis-the top a very short baking powder ; tinguishing feature between "'Change batter and bake half an hour. Serve j Aliev" and such a powerful com-from the baking tin with cream
immediately adjoining the Exchange
Asphalt, Mr. Rust says, is the favorite pavement, but brick will wear
SOME GOOD HINTS
Always begin to grate a nutmeg on the bottom end.
Almond.i are easily blanched at home. Pour boiling water over them let stand two minutes, shake dry. lay in a coarse towel end rub the skins off. Let them dry before using.
A canton flannel bag put on the broom when sweeping matting takes
t'hc^attinL nTHl 5VS much wc ,r nn jng than stocks.	Although it was strictly entailed, |
When a snnnire <ret« slimv and Tn ,ho ccntury wh,ch hns c1oR?d* like other estates, there was a clause "smells " soap in g milk twelve or tho Ncw Vork Stock Change, like, forbidding the heir's marriage with
=? rH=“r s ststr -	sr..
The Tpcrtorlty of hardwood floor. OU> *AMES F0R GUNS	“inf
am labor savers for women has been As the use of artillery became	'
vastly overrated. They are women- move common and the advantages oi *	*
and in the course of a hundred years	on to his cousin. He re-
5 cannon,TjTand sm", ZZTe “ to	“d ”eU,ed
- breCth. ,7ding WaS eimp!y leVCr" Marriages with foreigners have lost ins. bombards mortars, pernors, ser- e good mnny ((irtuncs, ond one of
CZTof^2l%'a,^3^T% THK OUUCST CASI& WAS
gues, makers, minions, mo j Anns, foi- that which brought about the break-cons and falconets, robinets, fowlers, ing up of the Saigon line of steam-bases, slings, pbrtpieces. murderers, cr% which gave so much trouble to of j drakes, aspics double dogs, and lag- Germany in tors, to say nothing ribndoquine, ; b islet
flying dragons and partridge mor-'cd by Joseph Huyshe, who was only tars.	twenty-seven, and who succeeded his
A CLASS BY ITSELF
gets.* If she does not keep up to her heredity, is a poor breeder, poor nurse, she may have another trial, and should that also prove unsatisfactory, she cannot too soon l>c
good she looks she has faded In the	dcvefopA those qualb
main purpose of her existence. Her- ^ which mako thc nOCr such a for-edity and selection by a man who mj(|ablo ttntagonlet. France or ticr-known at the same time how to ma -	or ]{ussja can turn out gener-
ago his stock arc the foundation aJg aJjd tralnc(1 soldicrs who would
principle* of the work of pork-ram- ^ casy victims for tiie strategy oi Ing for profit. In a year or two, by	officers and for tiie unap-
careful management, a splendid proachable bravery of British solbreeding herd can be established, and d-crs
all the cheaper products of the *al The campaign against the Boers can by this means be readily turned 0CCUpy a class by itself in the into good money. Pigs are able to annajs Qf modern warfare. The make much more effective use of the Roers> who fought by rule of thumb foods with which they are supplied and nover worried about text books, than any other class of farm am- /jgUre as the Martin Luthers of mais. Experiments have shown that a military reformation. They have while thc pig is capable of laying on taUght Britain tho vanity of depen-flesh at the rate of 1 Tb for every 5 ^ence upon the military supersti-Ibs to 7 lbs of dry food which it con- tions of Europe. The Boers are the •urnes, cattle require to eat from 10 oniy types of fighting men outside lbs to 13 lbs, and 'sometimes from the British Empire or the United 14 lba to 15 lbs of dry food for ev I States who can teach British gener-1 lb of increase in weight thatlaja or British soldiers any lesson they show.	! whatever.	; ' I
or a
Nowhere outside the British Empire or the United States could such enemies be found as the Boers who fighting to the last against Brit-
im
MEASURING VALUES
Do you think the value of advertising is difficult to measure ?
Frequently it is, if results from single efforts only are token into consideration.
Thc aggregate results p faced the-i against the nggregate amount of advertising are what tell the tale.
Do business a year without adver-the daughter of a Using and tabulate thc returns He married her Then do business a year, backed o| the couple came home, by constant, intelligent advertising,
and compare the figures and cosf with thc previous year’s business.
It will mean another convert t# thc value of publicity.
President Loubet is well protected. His secret guard consists of twelve men. under the orders of a Pe*c« Commissioner. These men watcl constantly over his person. When ht receives they mingle with the guest; close by him ; and when he go*n out they follow him, and have order# never to lose him an instant from view. When he drives they eccunv party him on bicycles, and It is onhf then that they can be ««cognized This guard of thirteen men nlont costs the State the nice little mm ot 76,000 francs • year.
carpets
WITY SILVER TARNISHES
rr\
Although every housekeeper Is pu fully aware of the tendency of silv ware to part with its brilliance end become tarnished when exposed ordinary
FARTHING BANK-NOTES.
Bank-notes for about a farthing each circulate freely in Paraguay. It takes two notes to got one’s boots blacked and eight to pay the postage of a letter to England. Yet one of them will buy In tho season fifteen oranges, three bananas, or a watermelon.
FARM NOTES
to
influences,
HHfthat
¦	atmospheric. ¦
many probably do not know the cause of the tarnishing is the action of sulphur in the air frequently cleaned, gHHUH silver will become black in the course of a few months. The best way to keep silver bright, without the nc
Tho usual time required to property fatten a fowl Is about three Weeks, but good-sized, well-conditioned pullets often "make-up" in a fortnight, whereas very large framed cockerels will take four, and sometimes a> much as \tve woe to before
fatter.
Unless
thc competition for heights. The line was own-
the surface
*1
they are hdiy fattened
Ï





###PAGE###8###
E. HODCINS & SOS'S A DVT.
oUR
STEWART’S
BOOTiSHOE STORE.
Bargain Hunters’ Delight.
LEADERS:
We have just received another small lot of
OUR FAMOUS
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
$15.00
17 c:

$12.50
Men’s Overcoats

A Treat for
Thrifty Buyers.
Navy Beaver at $4.(XX
$1.00
Grey Union Flannel

9
A. H. McGUIRE.
13 Cents per yard.
Something Swell.
Bounding up Many Boers.

Oil Tan Moccasins :
Ladies' Dongola Boots, laced and buttoned ; real good, fashionable and well made at
BRITISH COLUMNS MEET WITH SUCCEhS,

Pretoria, Dec. 6—The British columns under Gen. Bruce Hamilton, hire met with marked success during the past few da) a Ofer 250 Boers being made prisoners.
Major Sampson, with hie mounted infantry, has captured a Boer laager near Ermelo. taking 100 prisoners. These I were part of Gen. Botha’s concentration ! which is now scattered.
- /-V/-N	¦ I Major Daykina captured the Lienben-
1 (M) I burg laager north west of Klerkadorp,
*	¦! with 19 Boers These are in addition to
yrisvners previously reported captured him.	I
ORANGE RIVER 001 NY.
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
$1.25 a pair, These Boots compare favorably with
98c.
Men’s - -Men’s No. 1
-AND-
$1.25.
Men s Long Top - 2.50. Boys’ - -Children’s
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION gYS.
our regular two-dollar goods
Remember our price, Qnly $1.25.
Xmas and New Year :: HOLIDAYS ::
36
75c-
Our Xmas Novelties coming early in
December
0
by
One First Class Fare Dec. 24 and
J5S2S£S	I 25, go^ returning not later
the Orange River Colony, hare resulted	DôC.	-btb, 1901, ftlSO Oil
iothe reduction of the Boer forces by	Dec-	31st, 1901, and Jan. 1,
1902, good returning from
attained by a tystem of advanced fortified destination not later than bi«4i from which mounted troops acted y q iqao without transports.	üan*	1W-.
Gen Dsrtneii, with one imperial Light Qne fj^.QIass Fare and One-Third
d=c. sut, 2^. 2m and
800 cattle end 160 horses. On other deys	25th,	1901, good returning
Sr	"Ot later than JanM 1902,
ten day#. These captures resulted from	also	OH Dec. 28th, 30th,
fornjin? forced !««•«•, and making	31st	jfjQJ an(J Jan. 1st,
sudden raids and night marcher.	1’	;
1902, good returning not later than Jan. 3rd, 1902.
Men’s Long-top
Hard BeefsKin MoCCâSillS \
E. HODCINS & SON.
Three Rivers Brand - -
$2.25.
The customs revenue of the Dominion for the month of November increased by $303,231 over the same month last year.
The increase for the bve months for the
fiical year was nearly one roilton dollars I 'fo Teachers and pupils of he fire month, for 1900. The b«-1 schools and Colleges, on SU1-
render of standard form of school vacation railway certificate, signed by Principal at lowest one way first class fare and one third from Dec. 7th to 31st, 1901, inclusive, tickets good returning not later than Jan. 20th, 1902.
SCHOOL VACATIONS.
Buns,
Rifles,
Ammunition,
Overshoes :
over t
ures are $13,296,676 for 1901, and $12," 302,640 of 1900, sn increase of $995,640 for the past five months.
The Celebrated
GRANBY Overshoes for Men, Women and Children.
The Montreal Star says : The many friends of Mr. Robert Bickerdike, who broke hie leg while en s hunting expedi tion some weeks ago, will be glad to learn that the member for St. Lawrence division is progressing favorably, and is. now able to get about the sick room with the aid of a crutch. .It is expected that Mr. Bickerdike will be out of the house in three weeks time.
Messrs. Poupore and Malone, con'Factors, who have m hand the building of the wharves on the Maisonneuve water front, expect to have the same completed next autumn. The fi»m contracted to bnild these wharves within two and one half years, but if they succeed in tiuiihing up the work next autumn they will have completed it within the space of two During the year 250,000 yards of as been done, and 500.000 feet piled on the Sugar Refinery wharf, while Dobell wharf contains 300, 000 feet of hemlock ready for the opening of spring.
Gatineau, wh« work. 26,000 pieces of timber have been prepared for the coutracte at Maisonneuve and Sorel.



P. W. RESSEMAN,
Cen. Pass- Agent

AT
# e
s #
mm mm ARMSTRONG BROS
ever increasing sale of Overshoes is a sufficient
Our these
guarantee that the Goods and Prices are Right.
¦5
RAILWAY.
LADYSMITH.
year*, dredging h of oak ii 1
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT,
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
P. S.—Hardware.
, At three earn pa on the ere 125 men have been at

On and after October 13th. 1*01, and until
farther notice, train services will be aa follows :

EASTERN DIVISION.
Train* leave OTTAWA. Central Depot,
8.30 A.M. Dally, for Rockland, Hawk*.
Halifax, Dec. 5 —Report reached Truro I John, H*ilflax*and appoints'Î!%.Br" this evening of a ehcckingaccident at East Arrives Montreal it. 45 a. m., stop* at all
Folly Mountain. The hou.e of Robert ‘““LTuwt to MVrefl1.1110”8 ' "" par,or Campbell, in an isolated situation, was 4.j0p. if. Daily except Sunday, for Rock-burned to the ground at an early hour land. Hawketbury, Montreal. Quebec and
yeaterday morning, end the remain, of j Jj»£!'lt“ H RuVEJKJtaTU’mmEÆ the occupants were discoreied in the Connects at Coteau Jet. with Grand Trunk
1 ™ ZirZZ I There is nothing on the face of the earth in £	Oow!	which it is easier to be deceived than in jewellery,
return he found the iickening eight ot hi. &%%% Ne"The public know nothing about jewellery and
¦ou,e«luppo.fd that the father «t.rted. j «'«V M^La^i^Mcep^sunda/and >.261 just as liable to buy a poor as a good article if left
1 “•	,1*1	, -57-r- •. to themselves. Their only safeguard is to buy
Middle and Western Divisions. I from a reliable jeweller to whom they can return
the goods if not satisfactory. Don't be deceived by the shine of the article and remember that no
Three Burnt to Death.
Reliability I
felt Goods ;
Our stock of Pelt Goods is complete in all sizes for men, women and children, and the price is just as comfortable as the goods.
are
It is i fire in
morning and it burned up and caught the house and all suffocated before awakening.
Arnprlor. Renfrew, Eganvllle, Pembroke, Madawaska, Parry Bound and intermediate stations.
Train* leave Ottawa, Central depot, daily except Sunday.
Another Big Plant For the Soo.
S.ult Ste. Marie, Mich, Dec B.-Au-1	«vvo™** P*rrï 1006 Sells gOOd dollars for 75 COntS.
thoritative announcement was made today i Q0 P M. Mixed for Madawaska and in-
that an immense plant for making steel terroedlate nations.	I	-----------
tube, would be located here. Th. ptat K^LSïS-ÏÏ.5Slîîï*' Mld is to be built next year with a smaller Train* arrive Ottawr, Dally except San-
sïwwoSÆ.m'	n I ‘i&.s.Mtissstisii m. »
been received to push this and Olergue enterprise on both sides of the river, and Canada and United States patenta
WHYTE
all points.
M. STEWART
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Email Boose Block TWF! WATCHMAKER
COR. ELGIN AND RPARK8 STB.	A HU ?? “ A
that
for the Perrin system of making steel tubes, which are expected to retolutooize the trade, hare been purchased by the Clergue interests for £1,000,000. Sixteen mills are to be erected, all of which wiri be equipped with special machinery to be made in England,
i
F
SHAWVILLE. ::
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
• e
Do your Xmas advertising in
THE EQUITY.
• •
MAIN STREET - - - • SHAWVILLE.
1


È -

L


