###PAGE###1###
r
j
1
*



SHAWVILLh, Co. PONTIAC,
Voi. XVI, No. 37
I' Q„ TIIIRSUAY. MARCH ». Mil)

BANK OF OTTAWA
„ M*Vv >(Ml triod Dowd’# 14 High Loaf Fii»U' ?
Drehh Goods.— droHH goods juHt received. Hoi before buying
I liu usual St. Patrick's Day celebration at \ inf on will be held on Friday next. ( dncert at ( amjibrir.s Hay in the even-Fuller details will be given next
“THE EQUITY”
pointed out the great necessity of having cheese properly cured in order to satisfy the tastes of the English consumers, and then went on to explain the methods by which this could be done by having the curing room so built and wsnipped that an even temperature would l>e maintain esl throughout the season, lie also gave some ideas as to the value of skim, milk and whey as hog food. One gsiint regarding the latter was that whey which was It is rumored that Mr. A. Cassidy is I allowed to ferment so that it acted as an retiring from the Pembroke and Allu- | intoxicant upon swine, was comparatively
Ityan will take his place. The new pany will be Higgins and Ryan.
Treasurer of the different bodies above mentioned.
Is issued from the office of Publication,
New Jthick and fane
• our stoo
J. II. Shaw.
Tost a copy of this resolution be forwarded to the Krpiny for publication, also copies be sent to each of the surviving members of the family of deceased.
A. 8. Maloney,
Chairman, S. Commissioner.
Thomas Fitzpatoick,
Chairman. Ag. Society No. 2.
James Hknnkkny,
Mayor, Chapeau Village.
I
lliNid <MHre Ottawa « nimda.
Shaw ville every Thursday.
Subscription. $1 (W per Annum.
—O—
Advertising rales made known on application.
Correspondence of local I merest solicited from all parts of the country.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free; hut obituary lines, or '•poetry” will be charged at I he rate of 8 cents per line m«>ney toaocompany the manuscript In every
ease.
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,600.000 00
$1 170 000 00
Kent
Hoard of Director» :
Ciiaiilbh Maukk, Bag , President.
(ikokok Hay, esq.,Vice President.
JiHN Math KB, Eng David Mai Lahew, Hh«
mg

188111
Hon. Oso. Hrvsi.n Jk Alex. FitAtiK.it. Key ,
Dennis Mvki'HV. Keg
Ocnvral Ma nag
GEORGE BURN D. M. FINN IK
A UKNKRAI. UANKIVO BUHINKH8 TBANN f?TK|).
John I unclean tor food.
All*. Gilbert, of course, dealt with his own particular hobby, namely, the Great Canadian lien, and anything ho doua nt know about her ia scarcely worth while going to the records to investigate. Without wishing to disparage any other branch of farm industry, Mr. (illhurt illustrated in a very concise and clear manner how it was easily ;ioaaible for farmers with The un-I reasonable attention to realize at least
February 25th, 1899.
A general meeting of the municipal councillors of the Chapeau village was held in the council hall, Saturday, 25 h day of February, 1899 Councillor* present ;—
James Hen unsay, Mayor, and Councillors I. 1*. Ovguere, Joseph Blais, William Leacy, A . S. May looey, David Roc him and Daniel Kennedy.
Moved by Councillor J C Gegnere, seconded by Councillor D It ch n, ihai a motion of Condolence be tendered the bereaved widow and family of the late Charles D. Jewell.
Therefore bo it lesolvêd that we take this, our first oppor»unity since the death «•f the late Chailes E. Jewel/, who Iras been a membar of this Council for the
iBfl nnfl	nnn	|,aTe *,onn MoUgins, ot m enuren hoi-	I scraps, mixed with some nival ami Home	past twenty five years, to tender to his
cpO.UUUjUUU. j tlement, passed away on Saturday hist,	green food for three days in the week,	widow and family our heartfelt sompsthy
aged about 40 yearn. Death was due to	and green cut bone for the succeeding	in their sad bereavement in the l «ss	of	a
a complication of ailment» from which	three days The noon ration should be	kind husband and faithful father,
deceatted had been afflicted for some time.	I of oat# or some other grain, thrown	That a copy of this resolution ha sent
She was also blind, having had her sight	amongst the straw litter on the hen-house	to the widow and family and Pembroke
destroyed as a result of the memorable I Boor, in order to oblige the fowls to ex-	Observer and Shaw ville Equity for	pub-
fire which swept March and Nepean in	ercise themselves in obtaining it, as ex-|	lication
1870. The remains were interred here | erciae was one of the main factors in egg-
production. He cautioned against the „	, danger of over-feeding. Pullets required
e learn from the Mayor of 1 ortage | a little more food than older hens. It uu r iTt that a promise has been received
from both the Ontario and Quebec Gov

com

In the Dmiiln
Draft* IhhimmI on*11 lUnklng po'nt#
Ion, United Nta'c* and Ural liritain.
Nui<-* and Hills collected.
Interest allowed on Depoait R# ceint at current rale*.
I he next meeting of t he Pontiac Tea
chers
urday, March I lib, at 2, p. in., in Shaw ville Academy
importance are to be discussed it is do sirablc that, their be a full attendance.
J. A. COWANt Publisher
\ssociatioii will le held Sat
DR. STACKHOUSE, Sr.
As several matters of
SURGEON IIENTUT,
Will hereafter he in Hull llr*t four days of •aoh week I»sri le* coming from the 0 unty ot I'onllac. 25 i»er cent reduction wl I be made to pay their railway fare.
Office—opposite the Post Office,
HULL
Mum* of $l and upward* received l.i Having* De p.irtment. Interest credited half yearly.
Oflt « Hour»-10 a. in. to 3 p m. Hatuiday 10a in, to p. m.
New Dress Making Siioi dersigned desires to inform the ladies of I one dollar profit per annum from each Shawvillc and vicinity that she lias open hen. He then went on to show how the <*d a dress making shop over McArthur’s bust results could be obtained, by forcing furniture store, where she will be pre I hens to lay at a season when eggs were pared to execute all orders for dress mak- [high-priced, and have them raise chicks
mg with which she may be favored.
Miss Jk\nik Hohnkr
)
QUE.
WM. GAMBLE,
that would bring 1U cents a pound dur mg the season when eggs were cheap. Miss Mary Hudgins, daughter of the | Hu advised a morning ration of table late John Hudgins, of Zion church set-I1
BARHISTEK, Ac.,
169 Main Street,.....
OF CANADA.
Hull
At Bhawvllle, Hecond and fourth Thursday CAPITAL
of each month.
RESERVE FUND,
2,600,000
Office-over (J. F. Hudgins' Hiore. Main at
Head Office, • Montreal.
Court Shawville,
No. 276.
CxLÔfIs
—c,
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
im
James Hennesby,
Mayor
Meets the 4th Wed ne* lay of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month
ViHltlng brethren cordially Invited.
Money loaned on approved security al reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of I he world.
8AV1NOH BANK.
>n Sunday afternoon
*
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
An assortment of Baby Carriages now on hand at Cuthbertson & Graham’s.
L.B.C
wiut not profitable to keep a hen longer
4	. ^	...	..	, than two years. These were among the
uniment s that they will contribute the I chief points touched upon by Mr. Oil-sum of five thousand dollars each towards 1
the reconstruction of the br idge, pwvi* I The chairman having evinced a desire
ding a sum of ten thousand dollars is giv- jieill. something on the hog question, I Mr. and Mrs. James Mackey, a daughter rn by the Dominion government. It fa M he considered it one in which the, to be hoped when Mr. 1 arte is again I mrinerH were perhaps more particularly Several school reporta and other mat-approachetl w ith this object he will treat mCrested than any other, gave Mr. (iris- ter have to be held over till next issue.
thv “Utter W,th ,Uure CO,lH,(lenit,on thnn ' dale the next and last speaker, an oppor- Gentlemen—Sec our shirts, colllarsand
tunity to take up that subject, although ties; new lines just in. J. H. Shaw. The carnival held in the I he came prepared to talk on several oth
,y night last, under I ers, had time permitted.	Attend Cuthbtmon & Graham’s sale
the management of Mr. Wm. Legett, is This gentleman,having first tacked up | of Furniture during the next 3 week#, acknowledged on all sides to have been on the wall behind him the efligy of what	Q. ...	,,	.
the best that has taken place this winter, he said was a fairly good type of “ the	The Shawv He MaibleandGwu
There was a fairly good turn out, consid | bacon hog,” although not perfect, then Mle vVurk8’ Alex. McDonald, P/op™-1 ^ ering that the weather was rather dis- proceeded to explain the position in which turns out a superior c-ass .>f work ™ agreeable, and every thing passed off in a the Canadian tanner was placed w illi re-	Headstones, etc. Prices reason-
manner highly satisfactory to aU. Man- gafd to the matter oi hog raising. The 14b,e
English market demanded a certain class I Dr. Mulligan, V. S., will have him of oi h »g which was not exactly suited to dee in A. Smiley's block until further no the home market. So that whilst the | tice.
Tamworth hog was conceded to be the
bust lor the export trade, it was necessary also to consider the home market and therefore better to produce an animal that would meet both cages. From experiments made it was found that the I Fob Sale.— A quantity of good puta lam worth-Yorkshire cross was the best | toes, apply to adapted for this purpose, while the Berkshire-Yorkshire cross-breds were a very good class of hogs; also the Tain worth and Berkshire.
Account* o|ieiv d for amount* of five Uol H. *. Baknktt, F K I lars and upward# and Intercut allowed.
J. A. Cowan, U H.
Huoii Hobhh, C. K.
hurt
UEKICK Hours HaTUKI'AYS .
10 A M. To 3 P.M.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PA HK Fit, Manager
Birth. —At Bryson on Feb. 27th, (•
Dr. J. E. TAGGART. L. D. D.D.S
)
Corner of Hank and elllngton Ht reel*,
| OTTAWA
Social attrntlou given to *]*|H»intment# n.ad< by mail.
gocal and General.
n former occasions
A Success link here on Tuestla
GIRL WAN I E D. — T • do genera)
imu.it wm k. Appy
BODRBEAD RAINVILLE, L.L.L.,
Tub Equity Office
M«chine «<pia s «le tiy A Sind* )
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Will visit Shawvillb every Wednbs
DAY.
The It«ymoiul S« .« i . any in ilie moke' F •• Siiawville, to in $20 up
Mrs. McCredie has removed her millinery shop into the premises occupied last summer by H. T
S. A. MACKAT, B.C.L.
.	, manager Legett had the ice in excellent
Argue, opposite I con<liti<»ii, and went to a good dual of
trouble to make the rink look attractive Mr. B. Rainville, advocate, is in Mon- by a lavish display of bunting and other treal this week attending Court of Re adornments, all of which was much ap-view in the interest of Mr. John Bowie, predated by those present.
He will therefore be unable to fulfil his The coin petition for the two handsome HIT II lit llcGONNELL I appointment at Shaw ville as advertised. ami substantial prizes oflered was sufKc-
X.MX	EE"”1	.....
in the ItHtrlot. \ 11 mrre#pomJ*mc« orompt- JlrtVi Ulk\D ,l11 tho precautionary means	Cliente duty was assigned to Dr.
SF*-.............-—............... I w=r 1	12:1= 3
has been placed in a complete state of M Kl ” a Kingston gentleman who quarantine.	happened to be present.
Mrs. Ofltroni, relict of the late Win. Among the many attractive costumes Ostrom, of Calumet Island, passed a way presented, Miss Kate McCagg ol Portage - HULL QUE. I 0,1 Sunday last, at the	age of 81 years,	du Fort was adjudged to have the prêt----o----	She had lieen ailing for some weeks past, I ties!, and she was accordingly given the
Will attend	hui	•	'i< r i>i <i Circuit Court al	and finally succumbed	to an attack of la	prize. She chose the cosy oak rocker in
Bryaon, ala*,	other	Courts In Pontiac W_	gaidpe. Funeral at 2	o'closk on Tues	pref« runcc to the extension table.
Irlclwhen requ.'eti	day.	Mr A If. It. McGuire was the lucky
NOTARY PUBLIC,
pLEKK of the Dlairirt Mh^isIrnten'Court the Bank Vv hi Htmwville. Money to lend on ensx terms on farm and village property. Notar for - The Bella re Loan and Havings Com pany" of ntarlo.
Will v4*tt Bryson every Thursday.
We have the largest and
Hardwvhe l>cRt line of Hardware in Pontiac, its a good time to buy- prices are advancing.
J. H. Shaw.
K. T. Martin,
Upper Thorne Centre.
The parties who
Please Return
Having recourse to the diagram Mr. I took away the corporation pails on the Gristlale then pointed out the chief es- morning of the late tire, are , rc-sentials to make a first class bacon hog, quested to return the same to Mr. 8am. after which he gave some attention to the McDowell without delay, as it is very bjeefc i f breeding, the selection of sows, | important that theso pails be on hand in the nurture and care of young pigs. Dur-1 case they are required.
ing the giowing season lie advised an al>- ** Ireland and St. Patrick mi da nee ot clover feed and unstinted | subject of a lecture by Rev. Mr room, for exercise. When fattening I Warrington at Bryson on Friday evening time came, he advised the use of ground March 17th. The lecture will be illu oats, peas or barley;- corn, it was found, atrated by a fine collection of Irish views was not a successful bacon producer. proceejH to go towards bricking 8t Care should be taken to avoid over feed- jameH* Church.—Usual prices of admis ing so as not to fatten too quickly.
Passing on to the treatment and care of hogs, the speaker advised the use of hardwood ashes and salt, with a sprink ling of vitriol as a preventative of leg weakness which occurs sometimes from confinement. The best remedy was corncob characoal. He advised pens so constructed that the flooring would slope away from the troughs, and above all that they should be dry, and the hogs should be kept comfortable.
At the close of Mr. Grisdale's very interesting half-hour's lecture, the chair-suggested a vote of thanks for the speakers, which was readily moved, seconded and heartily accorded by an energetic clapping of hands. The meeting then disjiersed.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,I
72 MAIN ST.
ISU
will be
M:sEE~sss|î||FyiSgiEl|iSll
it will get the chair
JAS il O PL A Co.
i
the judges found it difficult to decide, so nearly equal were the merits of each. The difficulty was overcome, however, by the awarding of a consolation prize to
sion
WILLIAM I I I H11
Jas. McArthur. P• 8 See my ad in another column
OK HIE HlJl'KlUOh OOUM J> Hhawvllle Que. rnspecti ullx oMcln en<agement*for*n> huelnen* In ion nee! loi with all Court* In the Gounty ^Mention* m«de m«t ifom p* returns insured
Notice to DeLtors.
The overhauling given the telephone | MeOoshon line last week by Mr. Pigott, a Montreal expert, has made a vast improvement in the service. Pity the Company cannot arrange to have a mail like Mr. Pigott permanently in its employ.
\Ne believe in the end it would pay.

In consequence of hav ng suffered severe by the rtcnit tire. I urgento tequeei all
a 1 >• nd -ei He up
.C»*b
mmr1 lea tndebu «I to me to a iih Mr*. Homtein, who will be u itnd at Mr liu^h Hobbs
Dairyman and Farmers
St. Lawrence Hall,
i
B. HOLSTEIN
get some practical hints worth
REMEMBERING.
•»
ShHWVille, March 7,18fi9
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress.
NOTICE.
mi .	- ,, I Hudgins' hall was comfortably tilled on
Hudgins, Jas Mee, Sam Richardson an, I ‘mccîinjj. as has already Iwen stated
I in these columns, was one of a number which are bring held throughout the pr<>-this winter, through a co-opt rathe
•	____ I arrangement between the Departments
Down in Owen Sound the post office of Agriculture at Quebec and Ottawa. In staff have adopted a set of rules for the this particular instance the gentleman guidance of (he public, which might be delegated to address the farmers of this applicable to Shaw ville :—44 No letters section were all officials of the (’entrai will be delivered until they are received, Experimental barm. Mr. Gilbert, the if you don’t get a letter or a paper on the I officer in charge of the poultry depart day you expect, have the postmaster look ment, Mr. Woodard, of the dairy de-through all the boxes and down cellar partaient, and Mr. (srisdale. also. It ought to be there somewhere, The meeting opened about 8 o clock,
1 and the postmaster likes to hunt for it	' when Mr. E. Graham, Secretary of Agri-
just to please you. If your friends don’t	I cultural Society No. 1 was unanimously
write cuss the postmaster. He is to I voted to the chair. u/cii	.	PROPR'ETOR	blame. If he tells you there is no mail	Mr. Woodard was the first- speaker
c. CALDWELL,.^	p«op*uetor	for you, put on a grave expression and	introduced. His address was chiefly for
foTtLe	<W ‘here ought he some. He » prob- the benefit „f the cheese makers of whom
ally and especially commercial nun.	Free	ably hiding your mail for the pleasure of	there were several present besides a laige
'bus m < et* all train*.	Coed llvciy	in	having you call two or three times a day.	I number of farmers who are interested in
®onnLtodlca* and gent* bicycle* kcjiror Lire j Ask bim to look again.	" I the manufacture of this article. He
A Company now
Good Accommodation, Table and Bur al well furnished.
First class Livery Attached.
ways
VTOTIOE I* Ivrhy given that a meeting It ol i he shurvlio-der» of the I online Telephone (*« mpHfix (Limned) will be held in Hryton on Thutxtiiv ihe ;3rd day of March. I SUM, for the purpose of « 1er Uw dmciors and other business that niuy be brought be fore t he Board.
Given nl Bryson this ‘/7th day of February, MW.
lmm
pOjjTlAC HOUsp
h X


Resolutions of Oondolecco
• Chapeau, Febrnry 26th. 1809.
At a meeting of the Sd.o 1 Commi*-nioners for the School Muncipulity « f Xtlumetto Idlatfd, Directors of Avntul ' ural Society No. 2, Allumette Island, md Municipal Councillors of Chapet. u village, held in the Town H ill. Chape, u village. Ir- was moved and if #ondt,d it he d fK rent b dies assembled :
That a motion of condolence be tender ed to ihb bereaved widow and family «. he late T« rente Smith, Seer ate ry Trias of above departmvnîs.
Therefore, be it resolved that wm d-to express our smevrest sjmjathy f«* the widow and family of the late Terence Smith, who departed his life mi the 3 d • lay of January, 1899, and to p'ace on record lis appreciation of the manner in which the deceased had for the past thirty years filled the poa.tiun of Secretary-
F. C. DkZOVCHE.
President
Wm. Horner
1

KtwPott Office Rules
Shawville Produce Quotations
vince
o —

28 t< 29 00 to 65 38to 40 37 iu 40
Oats.........
('earn.......
buckwheat..
Rye...........
tiglts, (fresh,)
Wool.
Rutter ¦¦¦¦¦I R«irk per 100, dressed
B ef..................
IJav per ton.........
Ouifsk
0 ides,. .
Polls....
Tut key#
(•t.ese...
Chickens Ducks, ..


H

1
g
I
(
15
i
16 to 18
.... 14 to 15 4 75 to 5 00 4 00 to 4.50 6 50 to 7 00 ... . 36to 50 i 50 tn 6 00 40 to 75 .... 7 t<> 8c.

• e
f

1
urvr

s

i
ins
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
rire

I
*
5 t
5 to
6 to 7c
six


< >



i \
l ____A________
###PAGE###2###

5»

ii

her permisaidh time his visit to suit her convenience, her.
I Love and War
PAINS IN THE SAU*
haken off she could not lay it down and 00 accompany at will—and conquering the emotion*
M	./hicli, each time alia I hough, oi
Instantly Jimmie a black eyes flash*	8 mms a gnilleuut smile, threatened to
«•it up n Aunio a look of inquiry, w hich	burst out into a fierce storm of ikins-
I » rough! the bright color to her	lunate sobs she apologized for having
cheeks for she knew he was thinking	kept Jimmie waiting ho long, and taken the night when she had refused his	i»g his arm left the cottage gate just
escort, and she fell her prea* ut poai-	is the throng of a -reundent turned	Out.,	now engaged in the	Insurance
lion a rather embarra s1 ug one. Still	into that street. J.nimio knew she	business, is well known ie	that city
ihe circum-danota weresentirely dlf- hid been crying and conjecturing and surrounding country, flume three fereut. 'there was a reason why Tom	that she had been talking of her bus-	years	ago Mr. Mintie was	living at
expressing his contrition for having I'h.’uld cal1 0,1 Widow tiinuha. while	band. he. too. began to speak of I	South	Hiver. Parry Sound	District,
HF te teSraEÆS sH
cberrs uud caiurht the name uf ¦ civil- ll b»d laken Tom » long time to re- ,u!' «Jnd °f ®“ opportunity to thank ltookUnd citizens. It seemed thinking that iho trouble would pans ton”* mingled with “Isaac Simms "	cover from	the shock of meeting his	I	,irw ‘V1 his kindm a* to	Isaac, and that	strange that this .shmld comfort her,	«way, but a* it did not he consulted a
“Poor boy 1” she su id "I wonder how	brothei in	the Virginia woods, and	h "Kb not in the least	afraid to go	bn it did. '1 he hard, hit ter feeling in-	,4>cni physician and was tdtd that his
he'll get home 1 1 w ish l h id told	knowing he	w as a trail or to his coun-	I	she had no	objection to	seuaibly passed away while listening to	kidneys wore affected. Ma.licine was
Jimmie to drive that wav and tike	lry’ hut tlw same generous fee ling	s h'1 w mg him the way.	»	Jimmie, and by the time the Mather	prescribed, hut beyond a trifling al-
him in t he carriage ”	’	which lot I him to ref i am from any ai- I hat! going off the firHt night. Mu nsion was reached the tears were leviat um of the pun it had no effect.
8b%* need hsve IriVen herself no un-' lusioii lu lhal “^tiug in the mess- ]an(l, {**J ure comin« t0 serenade you dried on Annie’s checks and outward- «‘J'Jftion to the pain in the back
srsJrfsrSSffi «'ts	*-*“««« Lr ™ ..-.. -- -
Kssr-sr ?ilus is	zi&srtc • T- n^"“i z skæisï
ïesvï5”fi3 H;,S sexes-»joke«	— r*trr nar ss
crowd.	-1 should have found it very hard l’J1 he peoples Attention, Mrs. |	~	Ntxes and was not disappoint-
"And your other won theiVs room forgive you it you had staid in the 1 1 rl*\ton replied, while Jeramin vehe- ,lttW Hielr Aohuh! itnii Ha-, itmuubt to h ed with the result. Before they for him ” he said looking round in ^)UI hern army,” he said, "but as u nmntly protested against the impro-	seihlcn i lewe.	were all used Mr. Mintie was feeling
* ^z:~z:z:	U‘
At a glance his eve h id singled out	o( rum H band, that he was forgiven,	wight	V"\B\h\y afford him quite ns	“remen the ptlv day. It lias long	been	he felt greatly improved in strength.
Susan, and the vuuiig couole were now	nud with u burden lifted from his	lnurh	satisfaction as staying at home	the custom of the various fire	bri-	Two more boxes	completed the cure,
Sr1SSSâs
blushing girl who could not i.LlizÜ	'the way, Jimmie, who has Hose rPl,ila	rose perceptibly, and Annie had	rangements were made for that	pur-	t*> Dr. Williams*	Pink Pills, and he
that she stood in the oresenre ,f h	*oi be re-what visitor, I mean I’ and	never	before seen him so witty or gay	pose. Invitations were sent out,	and	8,1,1 wcaaionally	usoa a box if he feels
while John and Susan walked and i 1,ul the ruse did not succeed. Jim- ^ /bought, never suspecting that XN *'lls, a retired officer of the navy, blood and strong nerves for healthy from her lofty stand-point Hose watch- miv knew be had seen Auuio, and with TvF?8.. dt*ri8ion had anything to <lo , who acted ils honorary president, and ?,rtl1°rV!,n(1 U ^ Ionise Dr. Williams’
srSsESsBF	E-EBis
was very exciting to Isiu ^mY hv th« "VisitorI what visitor 1 He must which had once been denied to him- the ball room presented when the en- watery Wood, or a shattered nervous
E“S=ët'r3î':	- -...........................................
house ami laid him down on the J,ft and	laughingly rejoined :	I nece aity for Annie’s deferring her Iho tlrat dance on I he programme Medici nc Co.. Urookville, Ont. If you
warm lied he had dreamed «bout no *a pretty place for a her in your vlsJf* J be serenade wax not for her, wsa a quadrille, and Commander Wells	your health do not take a sub-
...................................
let mi come back to you.”	, out suspecting that his brother • obi«ct	Annie knew she was al- ceived that u terrible fire had l.rok-
arH	I	SS ##
thought it out of place when the moth-	ey.?î' ,	.	. h,«r	vhv.k nn< h?!'*?' ,,Tld	«bmwing on	apparently amhoritative reporf camp W,
•r called on them to kneel with her	And	?,ale brown curls?’	was the ° ,bond, stole	quietly down	to the effect	that there had been an	the	electric light h us brought out many
e™ s ~:::r: k	bï^ehhk;: i % %
Meantime the procession passed on "1<J! plaits, and twisted around the “*“•	I Without a moto-nt's hesitation, the thu‘ tb'‘ «,rlc" of »«'•*'y>*no light ran
until it reached the Mat her mansion bead, falling low in the neck.”	j suppe s d you had given up that gallant firemen prepared to risk their be ascertained for himself by any per-
where, with three cheers for Captain	'JN°l	u xer> white neck,	was itf” |«"H	out if	you persist in going, it	lives, us they	hid so often risked them.
Carle,on, the ciowd dispersed, leaving	Jlmmlv	continued, with inipcrlurable . must not	he alone,	this night	before. They	line tv where their duly
Tom at liberty, to join the mother ami gr,?1v"y’ ,	„	..	a.n J,thers; when the streets are «ay, and being of the same calibre .	I
sister waiting so impatiently for him, indeed, it was, lorn said, indus- likely to be full of men and boys. You ,ls the British officers who danced so lng to locality, local insurance regu-one on the steps, and the other In the	jf^asly scraping his thumb	nail with	accepted my brother’s	escort,	you can-	merrily before the battle of Water-	Iwiona dealers’ and middlemen
parlor just where she had welcomed	,	, i^°knife. "White as	snow, or	not of course, refuse	mine,”	and seiz-	’no, they lure themselves away from	fi,s ¦¦¦¦
Jimmie.	looked so	from	the contrast	with her	mg his hat from the hall stand he led	their fair partners and hastened to
“If Will were only here, it would be	dl^s* "	is	*be f '	ber out upon the steps and placed her	the scene of action. Commander Wells
the happiest day 1 ever knew” Hose	, Une nuestion more—had	she big	nrm in his with an	air of	so much	^ one of the first to leave the ball	generator, c. Price of installation, pos-
said, as, seating herself on Tom's knee	ft®1 01*.luU®». Klll>pers or boots? ’ and	authority that Annie	had no	word to	room. Entering his carriage, he order- I eildy separate building for generator.
ht. ^	m fiilmg um, clcniug
c«rning her absent husband. Then,	1°°' knew he	waa being tensed, and	to either piny, or a, very «ocinhle. one	A few of the cooler he,Us meanwhile !	K""''"'"'	»y	the	time	the	carbide
as she saw in him signs of weariness*	bursting	into	a laugh, he	answer-	Miner, but ere it was ended Annie had	I bought that it would be well to no-	reaches	the	consumer	it	will	probably
•he said, You are tired, I know. Sup- ed,.:.	,	.	.	,	.	, .	î?®*“nfî° be Ç.lad ‘hat she was not ‘'«he local authorities of their de- cost at the rate of «ICO a ton. __
sz.’tr.i: k Witts	,tzs t swis istSMs	• -.-« «-».« »....<
of the stairs,” she continued, and glad 8lz<‘ ber slipper. Come now, who is	lowing the band	up	to the	Mather	back came these words in reply '—“We	gU8‘ J
of an opportunity to rest, Tom went she ? Some lady you spirited away	Mansion. as they	met	group	don’t know what fire you are Hiking	cublu fuoL of nretylene her hour	gives
to the room where Annie Graham I from Secessiondom? Tell me - you	after groupe	of	the	noisy	about. Everything is all right in this	a 1(1 tamdle-jMiwer light. Allowing 4
just then chanced to be. She had dis-1 kium' you’ve nothing to fear from , throng, Annie timidly drew clos- quarter of the city. Go on and amuse fevl uf butylene per pound car-oov^red that the servant had neglected flleady old Tom.”	ier to her companion, who pressed yourselves." '	bide, a Hi candle-power light will cost
to supply the rack with towels and bor un inslant tb« eyes of the two more tightly the arm trembling in Truly this was good news hut it iu carbide one-third of a cent per hour, so she had brought them herself, lin- brothers met with a curious exprès-	his own.	came too late. Most of the' dance. <	ll musl 1,6 remembered that this	yield
gering a moment after they were nr- | 810,1 iu each- Both were conscious of 1 "I am glad you	came	with me,’’ she	had left th«* ball room, and the major- I of ,lghl 18 unly obtainable with	very
ranged, to see if everything were in ^“etbiug they were trying to con- jsnid when at last the friendly gleam *ty of them did not know until their gt>ud generators, i.e., those in which order. She did not hear Tom’s step	oeal»	while a feeling akin to a pang	of the widow’s candle	appeared in ! return that th-y had been cruelly	vie-	tk(‘ decomposition of carbide by wa-
until he opened the door upon her. and ‘ 8hul	trough Jimmie’s	heart as he	view, "hut if you please I think you	timized by some practical joker.	tfT doe« »ot heat the generator to a
‘uttered an exclamation of surprise * 1 bought how much more worthy of hid better not go in to-night. You The authorities have tried to discov-‘	mut’b	the boiling point of
and apology. He had no idea who the	Anme Graham s respect	was steady old	are so much a stranger	to the family	pr the guilty party or parties	hut !	wulvr- wb»t the public has to be on
little black robed figure was, for	^om	than a rollicking	young scape-	and Mrs Simms’ hoys	have but just	their efforts have been in vain,	and	ila guurd against are the cheap gen-
though he knew the wife of George gra(/1 hbe himself.	returned. John w ill see me safely	it is not likely that they will	ever	Fatwa, most of which overheat in mak-
Graham was an inmate of his sister’s "From your rather minute descrip-	home, and I’ll excuse you now.	You	be successful.	‘	ing the gas, injuring the quality and
family, he had her in his mind as a ticm 1 think you must have stumbled must feel anxious to rejoin your broth-	_»__________ quantity of the gas to a very consid-
very different person from this one he- a{îün tke NViud°w Graham," he said | eiV’	nnRHTHV nRirw am ouppm	arable degree. Knowing the local price
fore him. Mrs. Graham was young, he Hose h is taken her up, you know, and But Jimmie was not to be disposed u HU1HI Utt£,w ANU QUEEN.	of electric light, or gas, the cost of
supposed, and possibly good looking,	as a word of brotherly advice, leti me	of so easily. He	had no	intention of	  acetylene generator and installment,
but she did not hear the stamp of re-	*** that if y°u’ wish to raise Hose	entering the hou	e, hut	he should	«dndtionrN invertie <.iami,hihi	which	lkt‘ Price charged per i»ound for car-
finement and elegance which this	! to lhti seventh heaven you have only | wail oui hide, he sal i, un il	Annie's visit	Preillly #rvi»H t« Vleterla al Windw	bide and the allowance for labor, any
graceful creature did, and fancying he	Jo praise her protegee W e, that is	was over. Annie	had no	alternative	A London desnatch sivs th.t	imL	anv4Sun f>ure out with a fair approx-
had made a mistake and stumbled in- the widow and 1, do not get on very save submission, and parting from Jim- rx u A ^	y that l,ftle nation to accuracy the bottom price
to the apartment of some city visitor, ! well, for she is a staunch patriot, and	mie at the gate, she hurried up	the	lk>roth>' Drew« granddaughter of	Mr.	for the acetylene light. It must, how-
he was about to withdraw, when An- uniil ,k 8 morning 1 verily believe she	walk and was soon bending over	the	Gladstone, publishes in a magazine in	evpr» be said, that hitherto iu places
nie came toward him, saying:	li??üked un uf. a, kind. of monster [couch o'th«' »i< k boy, whose eyes beam- London next month this pretty piciui« wher.e a good ur electric light plant
“Excuse me, sir, I came in to see hho 8 a Perfect little Puritan* too. and ed the welcome his pale lips could of her vi-dt in th,- ' Q* , was in operation the use of acetylene that all was right in your room. Mr. 6*}e Stays here long, wilt make a [scarcely speak. How many questions	Jtieen at Windsor has not been considered economical.
Carleton, I presume ?"	! straight-laced Methodist of Hose, under i she hid to ask him and how much he Cast e:	When carbide can be produced much
This last Annie spoke doubtingly, ’grab of an Episcopalian, of course, h id to tell her of that day w hen her "An Indian man whom the Queen Reaper than at present the. situation for in the tall, handsome stranger he- as 8^e i8 lhe strictest kind of a church husband received h s fatal’wound Al- likes very much was at the door Thu may *,e altered, although the chances
rÆi'TJûi».............. ». zs»r
ly*-loo king man” she had	in fancy	that,’	Tom .‘•aid. and in rather u	per-	with the hot tears she shed while lis-	yuevn w hom grandpapa served for six-	pondingly.	The	authority	above	reknown as Captain Carleton,	and but	tuibed state of mind, as far us	the	ten ing to Isaac's touching account of	ty	yearSl	Shti waa Just another wo-	fprn‘d	to	thinks	there	is	no	need	for
for the eyes, so much like Mrs. Math- I Widow Graham was concerned he George ere the woods w»*re gained and man like grandmamma with a Wliit« an 0,e' ’ric bght company or gas com-
’u’i. ,.tu!b%u.“:isri*bxc*^a %% îssü	s? ---/ —— -	esti- ¦» -
never have dreamed that it was Tom	j misled him, and that the stranger	coming h m-elf a prisoner.	Much too	cd hvr'	an<1	t(>ld ber	my name, Dorsie,
to whom she was speaking. As it was,	would prove after all to be some visi-	was said in praise of Tom	and Anni«	and 1,1 grandpapa,	and all our pet
she waited for him to confirm her sus- tor from Boston.	felt that she could not do too much for ' "a™** u* Hawarden l astle. I he Queen
vicions, which he did by bow ing in the Mul the first object he saw on en- une who h id shown hirnsdf so gener- I 1>U , ,°U , :r ^1 at-ses and asked me to go affirmative to her interrogation, “Mr.	taring	the parlor was the dainty	fig-	ous and brave. Talking of Tom re--	lu	*5,	r sl< 6 , lke room so that
Carleton. I presume ? ”	ure in	black, standing by the window,	minded her of Jimmie stalking un ind	s ,	CoUld	see me better. Then she
Then holding the door for her to and on the third finger of the hand down the icy walks, waiting oatientlv 1 -‘c “ ^ o jewel-case and said 'This A.	t tt
pass out, he stood watching her till	raised to adjust the heavy curtain	for her. and when at last the music of I	T r y,oa;1 J °**Yled and saw a	Atmosphere is not alone valuable
she disappeared at the extreme end of	glittered the wedding ring. Tom !	Tom’s serenade had ceased	she arose	v ' 11 f	11	, If'** 1	Wllk a diamond	for	breathing
i&yEHs?	=1:
thought of Annie Graham ; but this h im when introduced by Jimmie, to accompany her, she had to s.y that I	1 tnk y,Ju much.* Prevents the fierce heat of the sun
could not be a widow, though the deep ! making some playful allusion ro iheir 'Jimmie Carleton was waiting for her I i;l • l h .Aaîn, k!?( ’ and I from burning us up in the daytime
=%%%%%=%?% isss'ft’tt 'fir-iKZfis %
ferent personage, he knew; and thus mt moering his own feelings when glance, which brought the hot blood to y*	11U	...	, y 1 nighl 1 kcep
perplexed, Tom, instead of resting, [Mary died, he knew that Annie would her cheek, while John and 8u*an ex-	*	us warm. But for this action of the
commenced bis toilet for dinner, deter- mit think him. a stranger, to bring up changed a rm le the meaning of which	BOILP'H EXPF asinv	J1!.1	, ear,,h woald be like a furnace
mining, as soon as it was completed, sad memories of the past by talking of be could not fail to understand Poor	'	^ .(lay und a feezing machine at
to go down and have the mystery un- her husband. Still, in his manner to- Annie! How her heart throbbed with *n an officiai French investigation “'«?• \
treachery to the Federal Flag, Jimmie for the f-millcit kindness threw off mere idea made her dizzy and faint aaV had tubes of iron or steel, ,N,len v .MHUn ^.ent down the change paced the parlors below until he could her air of quiet reserve and talked b'^d scarcely articulating her good- * i t, 68 *>em.g brass in 14 cases ,<>,n brilliant light to perfect dark-wait no longer, and knowing by the with th«-m freely, asking many ques- nigbt, she hastened out into the cool. ïo of ^PPp r 1 n 00°* eight of the n<£? VV,U d .J>e '^^antaneous. sounds which came from the chamber lions concerning Isian Simms and the "Ifht air, feeling half tempted to re- Poll,*r8 the tubes were more than four , 1 h4‘ beautiful colors of the sky would above, that Tom was not trying to	condition of	the Richmond prisoners	^UHe outright the arm offered for her	inc”f‘a 10	diameter	^ nonexistent, as they are due to
sUep, lie finally ran up the stairs, and	generally.	support. If she only dared tell him to	Ve decomposition of	light by moist
knocking at the chamber door, was “She was going round after dinner roave her there alone,—leave her to FEMININE ILEASANTRY.	I ,m • VN uhout air there would be no
syjn closeted with Tom. It was an to call on Isa ic/ she incidentally said f,ee awa-V through the dark, lonely Mrs. Haskins—Is that Mrs rnl,v's 80,111(1 nn l“e earth. We cc»uld never k <rkw=\rd business to spenk of the whereupon Tom rejoined that' wishing strpef® to fhe still more lonely yard husband with her?	*	8 TV. a, buman voice, music cf the song
p tat, but Jimmie plunged into it at to k .ow how Isaac bore the journey " here on George's grave she could lay Rim. Sedley—Certainly not* Can't J n, i * No/lre c,'°u,d bpr?, no gas, o'tre, stating some : casons which bad	and the excitement, he had' intended	herself dow n and die. Hut not thus	see that man	is	trying to keeu in	v j mp8J n° farto,r ?*«	no ‘^ware. d#>
1AM him to abjure his own government 1 going t^iere	himself, and would with lpa?dly could life's heavy burden be I	with her?	y a jams and marmalade,	no ^/eetn
stiff collars and cuffs.
I«111 11
4rr I'«.nuII? Ilir RimiII «f li»ipe*t‘erl Work-lug of (hr KI4*fj« 1 hr** ete Oil; It KmlorrU lu Thrlr loi mol r*edllli»» tv i p«fp l’ir of l»r. Il l IliuttV Mink nil».
Mr Albert Mintie,	^ood stork,

/V
VIZ
A story OF SLAVERY days. By MARY J. HOLMES.
w
XI/
v>

CHAPTER. XIX.—Continued.
f
ACETYLENE GAS.
Mow low Hay * vermin fop Vonreclf (Iu frier of l.lghllwg four £*fal»ll*hmeiit.
gas
is cheaper to install and maintain than
son who will put down accurately the following factors, which vary accord-
8 proud number of lights : a. Price of carbide to consumer, b. Price of

One

V burner consuming one-third

’TWOULD BE AWFUL
«ari-eii. Indeed, Would Be TbU Werld If Wen 4'ould live Without Air.
purposes. It prevents

.*
L





*




###PAGE###3###

t
i
*
/
>
*
)
*
Ï
*
1
\
IMPORTANCE OF MITES
brutality, of th«me who, to save exe.... in thin, Huffer animale, for whixte
welfare they are responsible, to be ______ __	starved, or left
behind alone un change of reside ore, to endure protracted misery, or to burden and distress their most sensitive neighbors.
Never fail to hury dead animals at ; this la necessary for the health of the living. The casting of dead cats,
w , kitten» or rats, on to dnsi heap» <>i
for the health and happiness of eucn, | |iul)||0 thoroughfares, is a disgusting and, if unable to provide it a suitable ( practice* home, a sufficient and punctual sup
embroidered robe made up for him in Paris.
Penal servitude for life was meted
out at the Northampton, Kogland.
Assizes recently to Frank* Tomlinson.
alias Smith, aged thirty-four, who was convicted of the crime of attempted train-wrecking.
Two of the most famous living Bents
men are cripples—Lord Kelvin, who is
I he greatest living fiâottülh Scientist,
and Dr. James Macgri burgh, who	',
living Scottish preacher.
It is announced from Leipsio that flerr Meyer, in acknowledgment of his gratitude to Providence for the deliverance from captivity and, safe return of his son, 11 ms Meyer, the African traveller, has given mirks for the building of twenty-seven workmen's dwellings in Leipeic Lindenau
penne
i
“ eti ayed ’ that 1*.
TH1FLES OFTEN THE FIRST CAUSE OF SERIOUS CONSEQUENCES.
i
WHAT IS (10IN0 ON IN TME FOUR CORNERS OF THE GLOBE.
mm
I lir lamrnwhlrr Hoy iiimI Ml* Donkey—*#. f«ri lu eu 4 * re 4 w in	mm 4 ppm 111 a III
Railroad
TIIE MANAGEMENT OF ANIMALS
Every one inten^xg to keep animale ! once should first learn what is requisite
Arrldeiit— A ' l.rrnl *lng#f IMmI «f n Nil of l'utlry 4 «lira#* *:* rfrnit n ml ih«* t rr«,himwM.
Old end New World B vente of Interest Chronicled Briefly—Interesting Happening» of Recent Onto.
The Hank of England was opened ‘2052 years ago.
An sore of land in the city of London is worth a million sterling.
Wheat ripens in Chill and Argentine m January; in Peru in November.
Horne 61,000 women are engaged in agriculture in England and Wales, l or the last twenty! years her Ma-
.iC'-ty*s expenses have been getting less.
Much may have been remarked upoi the importance of mi In». Proverbe as to I he overwhelming significance of what we are wont W regard as trifles are, numerous enough, and the occurrences of every-day life are, ample proof of their truth The Chicago row which kicked the lamp is the most notable example in history, but there are many other*.
A small boy in a Lancashire coal
_______; it outrages the feelings of
all decent people, and is a disgrace to those who permit it.
regor, of Ed in j the greatest
ply of wholesome food, and opportunities of healthy recreation, should at once decide not to keep it.
Animals should be used very gently though firmly. Wo should remember that seeming obstinacy may from paiu, fear, or irritation, of which we do not perceive the cause, which may be soothed by quiet patience
Frequent kind and cheerful notice is essential to the well-being of all animals in captivity. It ia selfish and cruei to imprison, and so deprive them of variety exercise, and the society of their own kind, and give no compensation, such as gentle talk, careasing and amusement, whenever it is possible. if this is too much trouble, it is better not to keep them at all.
All animals are the better for having
— r • wyw» MUU WAUA.V1 LttVAO UOU, Of FOOSt
or a quiet, shady nook to sleep m, and their rest should be undisturbed.
I/o nut wake them up to gratify curiosity, or to clean their dwellings at unreasonable hours.
He carefui to remove any cause of I heretofore done. VV hen phosphate warn
used it was usually given in the foi m of superphosphate, in which a large
whom we have deprived of the free-| part of the lime is converted by nul- I hour work* at Gibraltar will cost the
phurio avid, mto gypsum, which la an-J British Government £3,000.000. other name for sulphate of lime. It
was not merely useless, but injurious.	.	, .. , ,
to add more gypsum to this, for ihf ef- “a"	by his books as
ficiency of the phosphate as phosphate Mr*	Kipling made by his.
The dwellings of animals should, | depended on the very small portion of Mr. Balfour is one of the fastest
phosphate which was left active be- speakers in the House of Commons,
...	,	,	.	, cause there was not lime enough for	uttering un	average of	160 words	a
ci l) oi westerly aspect, as exposure	to	j0 unite with. Vet we have seen	minute.
north or east wind is very fata»	to	farmers mix phosphite with gypsum	At a cost	of between	£30,000
UJK OF LAND PLANTER
I So far as our observation has ex ' I tended the use of land planter is not
farmers
nearly as extensive among
it warn whhn we were farming
anse
1.000,(MM)
now ns
in boyhood in a section where land bad only recently been reclaimed from tot est, mays a writer
certain that on land newly cleared gypsum or land plaster produce* wonderful effects, especially on clover and | tobacco, other broad-leaved plants. Hut after
but
t
i
It appears to he
ruine, being at that irrepressible period when
the late Sir William Jenner was a
Harlow s " ui« said to b* requisite, facetiously pricked his donkey with his blade. 1 he donkey, naturally objecting, took it out in kick-
BROUGHT THIS HOG FROM CHINA.
great tea drinker, but Defer touched
lie I* Deaf and Lame but *'oul«l *ul be Ho u g lit for l-ove or Honey.
Auhli la en oui ages women barbers, «orne years of clover plastering it was I but they must serve a thorough up-found that something else was requir- prenticeship.
ed, and experiment with phosphates 'I he (’hat ham dockyard is to have a which began about that time showed I dip th it will accommodate warships that this was on heavy land what was Xk> feet long.
needed. On high sandy mil potash was In Great Britain 15 people in every vHttiu ilio miweitvr olornent. So I U<D keep a carriuge, iu lroo the pro the farmers who h id sandy land eith-1 portion was only 5.
mg
A very interesting dog which once belonged to the late General Gordon, of the English army, better known as | Ready lit for the " Chinese Gordon,*
A DOZEN OIL LAMPS
miners. Several bun* is being kept at I dred lives, to say nothing of several the Gordon Hoys’ Orphanage, at Dov- millions of dollars were lost, as the or, England. It is the property of result of the explosion Major Sell, of the King’s regiment, lowed.
who says regarding it :	" The dog’s The observance of thwfourth of July
name is Wang. When General Gordon Lauded the loss of a hiu«lsUtue%usi-
was recalled from China to go to Khar- ness block and some score of lives
toum, about fourteen years ago, he New ^ 0i k City
brought three of the rare black Chow a paper balloon floated into the open
puppies back with him, and when he window of a gun-powder factory and
arrived at Gibraltar he gave Wang the whole building was destroyed by
to Sir John Adie’s daughter. Sir John | the explosion.
was an old friend of General Gordon and was then commanding at Gibraltar. Wang remained in the possession of this lady until h*r husband, who home one night in a slightly muddled
is in the royal artillery, got a staff condition, hung up his overcoat on the ai-pointment in Loudon, when he gave gaj) chandelieA During the night th.
&•?,.*&££•	“»TT ÏÏK “• *** «w» - u» ...
Wang is the only remaining one that *md, by a peculiar mishap, turned on General Gordon owned. Wang is very the gas. Members of the inebriate # deaf anil lame. It is strange hv family were suffocated with him. A
- « «...............
Very nearly as interesting as Wang had been closely inspected by the ex-is the kilted boy whJ acta as his keep- ports, caused the appalling Ashtabula
7"“" ‘”"7 , »•«. -""-™ ¦
lad out of doors at Crewe, England. titeiT K,ado tbe baggage car broke Th<» little fellow tramped from place | down. The remainder of the train vas to place, living as he could. Returning to Crewe, he found that his mother was dead and the home t ha.t he had been driven from was broken up.
Trumping again, he eventually got to I another case, through improper wad-
London and there a constable found djug in th,. axle boxes, more than ütX hi in, a mere bundle of rags and bones asleep at the foot of the Gordon at a
tue in Trafalgar square. He was | ou a bit of dry cotton causing irrty eventually taken to the Gordon Boys j sistible conflagration Home, and as Wang’s keeper is one of that institution's most honored in-
* V

which fol-
«•%/! O
Df the 35 churches built by Sir
er mixed ashes with gypsum or sowed the potash fertilizers alone, and I Christopher Wren in London nearly had better results than they had from 'm,dl ,lf have disappeared, sowing gypsum alone as they had >	' 11 "Rlish die «maker advertises
ia
A stray spark from
gowns unde up on “Christian principles and in London style."
I he new admiralty docks and bar-
fear ; this is only just to creatures
dom to escape from distress
A Lerman family of seven lost their lives because the father, returning
It is stated that Mr. William Black
Avoid aU harness, which interferes with the free, natural action of animals.



whenever it is possible, have a south
1 At a cost of between £30,000 and
lhem Uul wbile tbeir ,wilion ehould I Kg’uïït'uiy were tC^l^ninTlher” a nu,W bome ia about to ^
availability of the phosphate, f'
be sunny, they should always have ac-
s___a_____>. There tirected at the 1 loyal Hospital foil Con-
are many places where land newly su,nPtion, Biompton. cleared is brought under cultivation, With only half as strong a Meet as Sheds, cages, etc., should always be | and *n a*i such we advise a trial of the English, the French have 1.341
xtinr - iw hs^wsr-» -It is absolutely necessary for health ! CURRY COWS BEFORE MILKING A former muster of Ely workhouse
end comfort that in every case -he | Cow„ ^ould be curried and brushed1™ >;ngland b" Just been admitted as dwelling, yard, cage and bed, should be kept thoroughly clean, to destroy vermin, prevent smell and also the retention of stale, and therefore unwholesome food. This should be done
oeae to shelter and shade when they desire it.
precipitated clear over the engine ima a deep creek, where thu.->e who
.	..	tum ni •	.. ia Pauper inmate to the institution over
in the morning before milking, as then | which he formerly presided.
from an all
were not drowned were burnt. le
they have just arisen
In Emperor
William's breakfast
night's recumbency, and are as dirty
menu “salt bun" is a standing order. It find dudy as at any tunc dining 1	! is u small, white loaf of bread, the top
24 hours. A prevalent custom for some | 0f which is covered with salt, early in the morning, to avoid hind- milkers is to brush off the udder and ranee and interruption, and because it teats after they have sat down to	11 18 su,(i that the Czar is the only
perished in the flames, mere friction
A huge ocean steamer, making for
London in the English Channel, near a dangerous ledge of rocks. J he Captain signaled to slop, but, through some defect in the battery working the bell
ran
i
mates
According to an estimate made by a
When pebbles are required for the I and udders	Crushed before the milk-1 Parisian	newspaper,	France	ia	burden-
bottom of tanks, cages, etc., smooth ! lng ProcWÉ**	“is Ixgun.	ed	with	400 01)0 publia	officials,	costing
ones should be procured; they should	------------------- the state 615,000.000 francs a year, i
be sifted fine, and thoroughly washed |	DON'T MESMERIZE YOURSELF. A fox rushed into an infant school
before use.
Except in small cages, branches or .	.	,	,,
sprigs of dead trees are better for OI hypnotizing yourself
perches than straight bars of wood, very easily	done. Think not J To do
because the varying size of the stem it just look	at your own reflection m
bring», all the muscles of the foot or	the mirror	in the eye for a long	time
claw into action. Where horizontal	without winking	if you can.
pviches are necessary, they should short time a mist spread# over your have Hat toned sides and levelled edges; |	vision and	then	vague colors	float
s bird will then secure a firm grasp, j	about you.	Then	you drop off	into a
and be less likely to fall forwards mesmeric or hypnotic sleep from which when asleep than if they were circu- . you might never awaken without the
l&r	help of a hypnotist or
Placing the food in vessels, rather Many persons have through than scattering it loose, keeps it clean I been driven to the old device of star and prevents waste
All vessels used for food or water 1 hypnotic sleep. Often it has happened should be washed daily, and wiped dry I that they never woke up from such before refilling; otherwise food may self-inflicted	slumber. Take good care
turn sour, or the sediment from water that you do	not tend yourself to this
wil* accumulate and render the fresh | dangerous practice, supply unwholesome. Iron troughs, or plates lined with porcelain, are the best, being clean, cheap and durable.
All food should be fresh and of good , ..	.
quality. Where the times of feeding I ham# tnp to thv Holy Land is consul-are not regulated by practice, nor npe- :	^ie cleverest stroke of his reign,
cified in detail by manuals, food should ** l* made him powerful friends be kept always within reach, but every 1 among the inunt powerful party in the day what is left and stale should be | Reichstag, the Centrums, or Catholics, carefully removed, and fresh supplies offered. Milk especially should be quite fresh, and always boiled before
set
the engineer received, “ Gc The vessel struck the leclgi
WORK AND SLEEP.
ahead Î
and foundered with nearly all on board A hoisting chain, of which the average liuk was some yards in thicknesi What should be the normal length I was employed on a monster crane. A
of sleep / The question has been often mass of iiun weighing many tons wae
..d »,	Sawyer ... m |	-522^2*1
answered it in a work of longevity. Some defect iu a link gave wav, and He says that sleep should occupy a none of the men escaped without last-third of the twenty-four hours. Ai- injury.
though ,b„ figure i. a,	1 ^ gSSL'SSt.T'iiX" "
DIED OF A HIT OF PASTRY
TUe I Aller, *«y* Mir Janie* Snwyrr, Should
«mip.v Klglil Hour*.
tie very careful about mesmerizing
Either is
at Buckingham, closely followed, by
several bounds, and was killed in (he presence of the terrified children.
Duchess of Northumberland
owns a yhiwl which formerly belonged
lo Charles X. of France, and was manufactured from the fur of Persian cats.
The
In a
aggerated, it must be noted I hat some
of the greatest workers of our time | Made by a careless cook. He swallowed a brass nail, which, lodging in the stomach, caused a cancer.
Tales of mistaken humor are almost
Chinese at Oxford University, who died too frequent for quoting. T here
at (he age of eighty-two, rose every now in the asylums for (he insane
morning at three o’clock, and never hCU,v® u* unfortunates whose reason
...	„	, was deranged by cruel jukes. A young
slvpl more than five houis. Brunei, | girj jri a Washington female academy
the famous engineer, worked twenty hours a day for the greater part of his life. Lord Heathfield, while commander-in-chief of Gibraltar during the
An Edinburgh firm is at present restoring I he only remaining portion of
the (lag raised at the battle of Cullo-den in 1513 by the Homes of Wedder-burn.
The Nouihvvark and X'auxhall Water Company, England, were recently fined 20s. and costs fur allowing black smoke to i sue from their chimney shaft.
A Parisian statistician announces
never devoteu'eight hours to slumber. Thus, Sir James Legges, professor of
mesmerist, insomnia
are
mg at an object until forced into a
some years ago, was known to be madly afraid of ghosts. One of her companions procured a naked human aria from an admirer of hers, who wai studying medicine, and covering it with phosphorous, hung it directly above the timid girl’s bed, so fixing it that she could noU see it until she had lain down. The immediate conspirators then gathered outside i he door to await developments minutes passed without sound. Final*
"" rz'zz	E'tHi
"	"*	|	Svrks-M
1 b.- i«suit o£ the national subscrip- 0(.|0ck -be sat	at his desk till	..	.....„	,
----------------
Lord Rosebery is reckoned to spend	LUlXUKOl vais au.	the frightened went mad over his
The longest canal in the world is error.
the Erie, in New York, extending from Albany to Buffalo, a distance of 3Nl miles. The cost of construction was $52,540.800.
CLEVER STROKE
that there have been 39 changes
of Cabinets during the 28 years of the.,	, .	_	A
life of the French Republic, involving j four y«al's 8le«e ot the fortress never 530 Ministers.	' took more than four hours' repose. He
I he bay a bird of India has i he curl- 1 lived to be eighty-four.
Throughout Germany Emperor Wil-

!
ou> habit of fastening fireflies to ils Alexander Humboldt in bis old age nest with moist clay. On a dark! night had to sleep at least, four hours a day,
such a nest might be taken for an but it seems that in his youth two electric street lamp

Many
HAPPY DAYS FOR HIM
Why does young Mr. Fribley insist on walking around in the cold (
As a rule, give as much solid food | should think he'd catch his death, daily as the animal will habitually eat up clean; green stuff, etc., may be given in addition. The food should be varied, and resemble as much as possible that which the creature would select in its natural state.
Every animal should have a constant supply of pure water for drinking. Water should be kept constant ly in enamelled mangers close to the head of horses in good stables.
XVater for bathing should be furnished daily for animals requiring baths, in a separate vessel, adapted to the form and convenience of the creature using it. Frequent washing is a great delight to many animals, and « useful preventive of vermin.
Take pains to ascertain the fitting temperature for each animal. Much suffering is caused by thoughtless persons, who are ignorant of the de-ot heat or cold which animals
I
use
average
\ o\X see, this is the first time he lias vessel» come to grief every year, and ever succeeded in getting icicles to of tijls ,iumber between five and six form on that puny mustache of his and kUIl<iied are totally wrecked, it makes him s<> proud that lu* simply can’t stand it inside.
I way Company are pensioning' a number 01 their old employees—engine. 1 drivers and workmen—with allowance» Teacher—Miss Street, can you tell me according to length of service, wh it is moU fieculiar in the hatching of the cuckuof
Miss Street, doubtfu l)—It generally builds its nest in a clock.
NATURAL HISTORY HIGHLIGHT
ol tbu King's jubilee was $623,742. The sum is to be devoted to the building oi a hospital for consumptive».
Tattooed dogs are now. the fashion
EQUAL TO THE EMERGENCY.
The spendthrift at college wrote the following letter to the old man :
Father—If you don't send me $100 within a week from this date I shall enlist in the army.
To which the old man replied, briefly, as follows :
Son—Nothin' is nobler than to fight for one’s country, list for five years
gree
are by nature or habit able to endure.
When an animal is sick, secure for It a shady, quiet and unmolested retreat ; and take care that its treatment at such times is kindly and gentle. This will insure an abundant return of your patient’s gratitude. See also, besides useful food, it has that which it can eat, and is most welcome to it.
W hen an animal must die, always the services of a humane and
¦
Go ahead and en-
HER ANCESTORS.
Mrs O’Brien—Have yez any ancle-tors, Mrs. Kelly f
Mrs. Kelly—And phawt’a “ancistors/ Mrs. O’Brien*.
Mrs. O'Brien—Why, people you’ve sphrung from.
Mrs. Kelly, impressively—Listen to me, Mrs. O'Brien—I come from the royal ah took av Donahues thot shprung from nobody—they shprung at them
eu route between London
more time
and Scotland than any other man, not even a commercial traveller, nor engine driver, nor guard, in the kingdom.	i
Prince Ferdinand, of Bulgaria, is
little renowned for anything save his huge collection of dressing gowns. He has paid as much as 100 guineas for un

. ENGLISH ENTERPRISE.
An enterprising H«,ul h London undertaker displays in his window this notice : Why walk about in misery when you can be decently buried for 80s?
secure
experienced person to destroy it in the quickest and least painful way ; and be sure that it is really dead before it Is removed. Nothing can excuse the

BURIED IN WESTMINSTER.
In Westminster Abliey 1,178 persons have been buried.


I
*¦ • *
j
###PAGE###4###
9
i3 ^ r~
F

A#"-
# - *****
—»i »



.
CTLp £1lnilli,tr	other anatomical enlargements become
1	** VI t	•	the natural sequence, If our friend keeps
-	on swelling we certainly won't be respon*
SHAWV1LLE, MARCH 9, 1899. |1“.,
I particularly critical that he should make _
When the Adr.noem.noMU«.ide hie ou.-1 "" *dditio"*1 “orifioe of '	hiroi,,lf FOlltlaO HOUSO Gallery
upon the political altar of his country.!	1|^ ] ]| f CHP Fl-HFk A V
The system, he thinks, can easily be re. 1	11 ,V° 1 V A11/A 1
tiered from M Ecsema Poupouriensis
A. L HANDFORD, PHOTOGRAPHER,
House-
Cleaning.
Hats
I '
tom ary garb of profundity to assume the role of the reekleaa and discredited ro-
manoer, ae is painfully evident from hie,, L	v	.	. là . ,
IttMt contribution to . controvert which (whateVer thet "> b* “ do,e of ,,,lde Latest Styles In Photos.
politician.” As this nauseating remedy
O
Hats,
Hats.
Prices Reasonable.
+*** IU origin to himself, it shows pretty ,	,	,	.	, __
onncluaively that ho h.. been reduced to |	the twr,ormen”e uf the	'
gastronnniioal feat of swallowing himself,
—in view of his hourly increasing great-
ness—we fear our confrere's finsl con
It must be apparent to those who have Idilion wlU ** much morw lsuientable than followed this discussion that
ty Remember the Dates
that humiliating extremity which or later waa bound to be reached.
sooner
Ye House wife, take a look at Ike following list -
A L. BANDFORD.
Spring
more
Ready-mixed Paint, Varnishes,
Dry Colors—all kinds, Stains,
Enamels,
Whiting,
Kalsomine Alabastine,
Pearline,
Sapolio,
Brushes—all kinds, Window Shades,
Lace Curtains,
Curtain Polos, &c.
Don t you want something before • you begin house-cleaning ?
remains to be «id on the point which in | Liberal lion to Re era the Sonate.
the first instance prompted us to give any attention to our confrere, —namely, that it ill-became that individual to reproach
Inducements
A despatch from Mont real to the Ottawa Journal of Friday last says :—
It is evident that the country is toshor-Mr. Poupore for declaring he would sup* tlysee a determined attempt to force
port the present or any government that through the various Provincial Legisla
—“ «"• ¦—» «—T * .h- sa. ZUL czzzzi;'
construction of the Ottawa Canal, when he Sir Wilfrid Lauriers Senate reform of the Advance had already deserted hie posais
political colors—not that any public ben- lo thy lea8,« lhal Mr- Hardy
•fit would result—but ostensibly to save ht,e moluiiun VhuU,td have btH>n follow ..	. ,	*	ed the very next day by
his own neck from coming under the by the loader of the N Mulockian axe, which was poised in j eenibly. io dangerous proximity at that critical time.
to those requiring
FURNITURE
Newest
1
pn
It is quite a curious coincidence,
s notice
Nicest
Nobbiest.
Again we place before you for your approval our new itvck of
FURNITURE
for spring trade. Our aim has îü pitmee you in selecting the best assorted and complete stuck of Furniture in Shawvilie. Spurred on by success we have increased the quantity, increased the variety, and even tried to in crease the value, great as they have been in the past. The distinctive elegance of our styles asserts itself as exceptionally elusive, and our customers assured they can certainly be suited in any of the lines offered.
1
a similar notice ovs Scotia As
9
A prominent Montreal Liberal states
that it was very likely that these résolu tions would be passed in most of the leg. is aturea this year, but for political reas-eous and absurd in the extreme though | mis nothing would be done at Quebec unit be, the piggish obstinacy of the
thoroughly predominates his nature that I pruv,m0ti 11 Wl,uld **> neoesisry, for the
résolutions to h.«ve any effect, that they
.	should be passed in the form of a joint
tenacity of the horseleech. Notwith* j resolution of both houses Now it so hap
•landing what has been said to show upon Pelie that to-day the Liberals ate in a
whom the editorial responsibility of this "V"0'"*	01,6 ,he Legislative Ooun-
T- “r "”"d
still labois (or pretends to at any rate) of one. The Liberals lire in hopes that under the hallucination that Mr. Pou- hy this time next year death will have pore is the acting genius in that behalf.	at least ono vaosnoy m‘he Upper
?-•	to ............Extens,on
fact, we have been associated with the Legislatures have endorsed the scheme,	vv-oD	lip.
newspaper business for the past 26 years— 11 Wl1* be endorsed by the Liberal major*
, “ " “ 1,1.1, t. b.-.„d tth.t j.„,	.. „„„„ „„„„......h.	'	r
to be the case, he surely can scrape to* will ti^ht the next general elections upon gather within the limits of hiaown superior 'he question of Senate reform and will environment sufficient condescension to pVmt the resolutions of the various leg
faculty of “ suing hiiu up ” without ne cessa ri ly having recourse to the aid of Mr. Puupore, who by the way, is other wise and we trust more profitably engag
ed. Why, the thing is dead easy, way.
Having once taken a position, ermn
til next session. The fact is that in this
man so
Best
he la impelled to cling to it with the
ex
English
are
Makes.
We Quote a few Lines to show that wv mean business : , . . .
f
All Hardwood Double Bedsteads
J. H. SHAW. £ BIBBS * SOIS.
Lounges from $3 50 up.
Spring Beds (guaranteed not to sag) $1 85 up.
£ /T All other articles at like prices
Lord Eorschck Load
jas. McArthur.
PASSED AWAY SUDDENLY LAST WEDNESDAY
M RNING.
Shawville
Sash and Door Factory.
McCredie & Hodgms, Proprietors,
Genuine
any
PLANING, MATCHING « DRESSING
SOW DOSE AT
Elliott & Barber’s Milll^^r
Washington, .March 1. — Baron Farrvr Lieischell, one of the commissioners from
>mmis-
Along with hie dogged pertinacity, confrere aeetne to bo endowed with an
our
(ireat Britain on the High Joint C aton recently in session here to sojust aptitude for coloring things in a manner | u.ff.ireuces between the United
that ia scarcely pardonable
Bargains.
ten
in me who I Canada, died quite suddenly *i 7 05
talks about our labored attempt as “ ap- for soveralday. wuh a broken bone caused ologiat of Mix Poupore." Save his little by a fall on a slippery sidewalk, benighted soul, such would simply be a Lord Herncheil’s death came without
work of supererogation on our part ! Mr ,Tu''%cu^,f',nTlo^lb%b
Poupore requires no one to palliate the ou February 15, he has been in excellent ««•urge he has chosen with regard to the health and hpiri'S, and up to almost th, canal scheme; nor will he have to answer ,h»uM>f his dvaih there was no premoni
u. ..„h,	....£2-r—; %
alleged blackest treachery when he seeing his friend, and talking with them. ,	_ ....... . _
comes to render an account of his steward. He had been gi early pleased with thu O HAW VILLE.
ship. If any one is to be propitiated, he lowers that	were daily sent tu him by I	-
will not be of the faction of malcontents , ?nd8f and	al aV 11,1,04 wa8 cheerful and .	We	wish to inform the public that hav
* •“	.„i-, iüet m. b:„;
himself. Our friend yearns to know “if Among his	callers yesterday was his to	do	Planing,	Matching and Dressing
two years exclusion from the flesh pots of I ^rlü,,d» Sir Julian Pauncefote, the British I At	eh*)rt notice,	and also supply all de-
Egypt has so sapped rur moral sense that ;Vmb#saadur. *ho departed feeling eur,| m81lds for rough and dressed lumber.
we unblushingly seek to extenuate this Lord Herechell would be able to leave hie A Quantity of blackest treachery,” which ho affects to bed- At the time of the accident a train y	« Ol* • l ——	_
be so horror stricken at. How delightful nurse was procured fmm Baltimore,	&HÜ 5Illllg*l6 W00Œ
indeed, ,o be .minded nf ,b... Jf.Kkrtta Zm,"""'
pots . alas, however, they are gone from stemly, especially at night, when she us because we were unequal to the effort ,,yv«r left his room
of making the “ flop magnificent ” which . ^b“uf ^ve o'clock on Wednesday morn-won political acrobatic distinction for our k* H" ^rd,hip awakened and died to
The .. W, „ - ..n, bin.	nlZS
as the just reward of his precipitate bolt he *aid he felt better and «gain went to ta the enemy’s ranks; and we doubt a,oeP* A little after six o’clock he again
™ r z £ =nr	«5
Our confrere is welcome to all the luxury hastily summoned and after a hurried they afford, and if, as a quid pro quo for rXira'Dldon despatched a messenger for thuir continued enjoyment, any “boot I	im,,fd him in a few
licking performance,'- are necessary, .e%Z:tJtm^':dT%:' ml:: feel assured he will be supremely equal after seven o'clock His Lordship breath to the task.	j t*d his last. At the time there was with him
On, «**. hsetene »	.. thet	STTô. b£,J5SZT
only the purest motives prompted him to rotary ot the Joint High Commission, of
change his political coat,—simply •• ani which Lord Herschel! was the president; mated by a desire to redeem his promise P' J-hnson, Dr. Maddox and his nurse.
of affording an independent support to |ihey'were unaM^to ÿve'he exMt"^,
» government,” which he almost warns I of death but the symptoms, it was
against having anything to do with politi- thought, indicated that it was angina
pectoris.
manufBoïa’^’to order.*1**118"' B"nd"-
etc
.ho!le.l,nnôt7kVat0hlng aDd Pl*nl°r doneoD
Our Spring stock is ordered and will soon be on hand. In order to make room for it selling off our * inter goods cheap for cash.
Estimates Furnished
we are
In the Meantime
Try our “ It " Brand Sy-
rup—a real luxury—at $1.00 per
He
L Sawing1.
pail
We can recommend
Our Ceylon Tea—makes a delight ful beverage.
CUSTOM SAWING
done at. the rate
Get a Package
Of our 1‘Maracaibo" Coffee—Pre paired es pec i a y for our trade.
Of
* -
_ St 111 Required. | $2.00 per 1,000 Feet
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
SILAS YOtltf a *&s__Starko'g Corners.
con
Shawvilie, January 24, 1809
JOHN J. MCCLEARY,
. SHAW7TLLE.
BUSINESS
CHANCE.
ARMS reR.TME
April 9,1899
at

The undersigned desire to in-1 XT0TI0B
form the people of Rhawvllle and sur-	_
rounding country thnt they have bought TO FA K9|U| P DC out the Tlnsmtthlog Bus!ness and Stock	wa
yv
}
.v
of Mr. HARRY PERRY, In Shawvilie and that they Intend carrying on the same In the old stand—opposite the Rue* Bell House. By strict attention to business and square dealing they hope to
â
k\.
For the greater convenience
oj my customers, in addition
merit a fair share of the publie patron-1 tO my Storehouse at Bristol,
/ have erected two new Store

tv
l
I
/
%
Marlin Repeaters <
al>out Pp*(ler#.W»ck and smoke- J
S*1
THE STOCK COMPRISES A NICE LINE Of
cooking. Box AND PARLOUR J houses—one at McKee's and
the other at Wyman’s— and am prepared to buy all kinds of good, clean Grain, for which I will pay the highest price the market
ciana of Mr. Poupore'a calibre. Pray then
what was the incentive to the promise î I Paris, March 2.—The Temps, in a Did his magnanimity reach to the extent I Ioad,0$ irt*°*e today, points out that
£ 8hUW.„e r^,L‘»itt^!hif,gemer“,e 'Zn Fmlchm™	mî™5
for the fun of the thing? Rata Î	paper says America's forbearance toward
The thought of what the Fates may yet I ('*rmany *n the face of certain provoca
Uv,,h upon unr friend in .he line of pol-	“??•d**ir° "•
«ic,	to tkkk Mm ,,d«,h. TtMTrC
Hit editorial bosom dues swell percep. article concludes with the warning that I 6CO W T] A f F tibîy, he tel la us, at the idea. This is to I 10 v'ew 1 he above it would be a danger-1
-STOVES-

COOKING UTENSILS, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, Ac
•>

—of all kinds satisfactorily done, at— (moderate prices.
ROBT. A. DALE. *riii allmv.
m
B. GRAHAM.
* VI A I it
•• • AttuiMc*, (any
calibre) eonsolt Your kiurkst dealer.
Elmslde, Oct. 17th. 18*.
Shawvilie, Nir. 15,1S»S.


###PAGE###5###
-—
-r.~

Notice oyteetiag.
For the
EASON’S FIRST GLIMPSE.
Tenders Wanted.
Sprite Trade, gggmgg
other business In connection with the 1 pr-aching season's work s II Interested urgently requested to be present.
By order of Directors
Green Lake, Mai oh 6th, ASi. ***** Preeldent
ÜP
saw-
Loweeiorany tender not
f tff) UMi i
on
sp-
are
SAMPLES OK ALL KINDS OK
% earlF shoving of - -
THE
Few Taxes for Ontario
G-ents’ Felt Hats
LATEST
IMPROVED
on
The Hard
J <l«»feriiindnt hat introduced measures whereby u is expected to raise several hundred thousand dollars
necessarily ac-
now on hand for laimctlon,
JAM. ARMHTRONO. Hree. O. L. C. A H. C.
a year
Make it a point to leave your order early. | h7 «»**«•¦ of direct taxation. One bill
arranges for new or incieaeed license feea, payable by distillers, brewers and liquor-sellers The bill is expected to add over $100,000 to the provincial rev enue. The other bill taxes banks, trust and loan companies, and insurance com* paniea, telegraph and telephone companies, railroad and street railway com pan* iea and express companies. These taxes
ol4 Carte, led t0 brio«in
The bill regarding liquor licenses will J effect wholesale dealers, brewers and die-tiiiere, shop licensee, hotels and saloons. The wholesale und retail licenses will be
anJJ KIIIZI.IFQ graded according to the population of WUUILiW the cities or towns, while breweries and
Green Lake, March 6tb, \m.
FOR SPRING TRADE
™ He Famous Hat Haaafactarer, (Clrialie) Mon, Eaflaal. I Property for Sale.
ALSO A STOCK OF
fessa
8 A *f IJ EL if Me DO W K LL, upponity Premises
Expresses,
Complete Line of Swell,
Stylish,
hats
Now ready
For comparison
rr ^ -
W IUi itiiji uuuj y
On any and

Waggons,
/ *


over
and a carload of
HhawvlIIe.Feb’y 7, 1899
r
CARRIAGES
I

V
A
)
l III •
I
disti leries will be taxed according to the capital invested.
On chartered banks the bill imposed a
tax of one tenth of one per cent, on the capital stock up to *2 000 Ann *	1
In M* • «kaa*..	,*""**»•*») I OH tM |
vied bank with a capital of •2,000.000 psid up stock would pay under » he provisions of the bill $2,000. There was doing business in the province chartered bank with six millions paid (Merchants Bank), end another with twelve millions ('Bank of Montreal), and, therefore recognizing that n graduated duty of tax waa preferable, the bill Vided that every additional $100.000
Mnwnrq I1"0 mil,ione *0 additional tax of $25
’ I should be imposed. That was to say,
Britts, #250 on every million up to six million»!
Over six millions there was a tax of $15 iteaper, per hundred thousand. In addition, the
Plows b.*l,k8 Would be squired to pay $100 for -	Mhe principal office and $25 for each
1 set Driving Harness, branch transacting business in the pro-
1 good Mare, 12 years old. |	XÎ”
will bring in about $40,000. it til ways that have been subsidized by
T A O •»	I lbH i,ruV,nce are to pay a mileage tax . f _
s>..J*LR°*INS0N- rr^r:zUyers w.m find our New Spring Lines
Possessing more saleable qualities than
und telephone companies one sixteenth of 8liy SHCWHa «me per cent. Express companies are taxed $3.000 and natural frum $5,000 to $7,000.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
JEWELLER
expected dally.
1
*2T
A. SMILEY,
ShawviHe.

•* Ww v,
M M VMM» l
tun
A SELECT STOCK Of
watches,
CLOCKS, JEWKLLKRT, SILVKltWARK Ac. kc.
R^'AiRl.Ny—
a Speciality:
f OR SALE, CHEAP.
one
up
Every point of Finish,
Design,
Quality and Freshness, and Best of all— Price.

2 Second-hand Binders,
2 “
pro-
uver
i<
SHAWriLLE, Q.
a


tt
1
tt
it
Sis
V
Stylish.
2
tt
tt
«

M-fifiillg
EJp-to-Date
# ?
All to be sold at half price.
ALWAYS TO BK IIAI)
FROM
PUBLIC NOTICE.
>
0
gas companies
Province of Quebec t
MunlclpHllt> ol Nhitwvil’e. j
Public Notice Is hereby given by J. R. Horner. the imcif-rsigned Heeretary-Treasurer, of the af renald Municipality, that the list of persons who appear, by the Valuation Roll _
of the said Municipality now In force, to be ™E KHALIFA 18 LOOKING FOR ANOTHER
tXo"f	THRASH,KO, AUD IS ADVANCING!
afore»aid,|has been prepared according to	ONoMDURMAN.	'	Sale —The T iwu of Pembroke I Principal Iiov John IVf Ki g f th
iSESEHS 4^5-ÂJSTJZZ	%s±xst£±2
Given this fourth day of March m	with a considerable force. He has been	a* $105 15, netting a premium n Tbt*	Steamer Labrador, of the	-
J. H HOItNKR	herculy raidttig the Arab. al.Kig the route ^<11.030 to the company, besides the Jr0",,,l,l',n1 Ll,je. ?»• »unk off the Coast of A Trial will convince.
Hec-Tre**. lie is following, and the latter have b<- I $20,000 bonus. This shows the credit of 1 Scotland last week. The crew and pas-	-
come panic-stricken.	I the town to stand very high in the tin- aen?tirs were all rescued.	m» _...	^
Major Macdonald, the head of the BritJ anciaI circles of the country.	T .	_ . , . <	^JiavPVLÜG	UU9;
ish expedition, which has been exploring	--- v*l ,°>	f<>’ » \U >i lb;~Suburban laud
Sr-®1,î’"»“ïï'1 lEvïiïd	"*”•	î:^"di.°dE1,ïïiB JF1,	z	s,1 i t» m cou.ectkD ««1™ s«*-
sSæm dafsÆt àts EPËBHmH ™ „ S0N 0K 1899 BY
iSSSsa ~ »Fsrtr- -	-.a2Z.,L m tWM-
EdaE-üByriS -	sætki ïÆst, %	r”ewef
nE&aKfiRSffiSK? rS“r “¦ • -% FrFrTs a % %% ;Kssœ % l *** » - -—
wife,whom he authorises, Défendant.	f D"u"n t,Ulcer« having only a hidmII N»»*sof the Ottawa river and run parai cors reported that 10.000 Dervishes had 1
pAy^Tirsri'.r.c'ï,,:;	ss?1	*"d WM-	T-—
HrSSwSS	F 4	SWt SÆS ¦ssïïàï
wtieet, to the south to a s reel to oe opened , rtI ^“Cnener has 9,000 men at Om- trom Ottawa through the Pontiac district in the hospitals.
urmau ——Cnl"txtiz	2*mMo" °* keepiovin.tI awh- ?
tory of;ox 35, with aiithe necessary mach-	la F&V0T of DroyfUfl.	these points.	™k accou,;t ftnd Pa7»ng moneys by | and White Pine, Tamarac,
T® ft .old at Ihe registrar's office in ,h«	- A, sjon s, the road i. completed the ch'que "»» ”how“Almonte last we. k,
vlliageof tfryson,ou the TWENTY-EIGHTH RKPOHT THAT THE COURT of CASSATION HAS Company will increase its service running 6,1 a much-*Deeded voucher for a p ;y • hay of MARCH next, at TEN o’clock in the found that he was innocent. two trains per day each way between this ™urV mad® lhlrtecD years ago culd not
«.-s.t wsasarsssras
¦'«MM.,..,,,....	» "»¦ r:»r u&££ZT,£ts
Uff.ir next we. k. The report will s„k the	D „ TTT , „ . , , . had no difficulty in tiacmg the payment
oourt of cassation, it is said, to annul thi • ^ ^ S- ,n<r ^ A. R. intend put- and furnishing a proper voucher, because I conviction, without ordering a ,e t,i,i hne on two-and a quarter hour service be- the amount had been |>aid hy a cheque
• If this be correct it shows that I ho evidence *tween °,taWa and Montreal-	I on lhti bank.-Almonte Gazette.
-.................pzsrrKîsïïr.î3t JSi%5z2;Zs:£:Ezz
the morning and QAeen minutes In the after j was punished never existed, as the French eration performed and is steadily improv- seem to be at loggerheads with
aw only allows the court of# cassation to »»g	other. From the local papers a person
SaSaSsrlSSi^»^
week from pneumonia, began to signs of d,™,on " the Pu,P Co'#, school taxes improvement on Thursday, and has con*	the 8eP*1*** «ûd public school..
****-• I
Mrs. A. L. Firn, of 230 Gloucester | Egsnville, is editor and proprietor) says 1 ¦r*™* street, Ottawa, the nurse who volunteer- I the protestants of the town have united - 2^
--	Toronto, March 4 — At a banouet last I 6(1 b»r services to attend the family under the leadership of Rev. C. Picrcey,
London, March 4—It is announced night Major Otmeral Hutton dm man 1	stricken with small pox at Irish Creek,	who “ will prevent anything in the shape	• J *?	%
jhat Lady Herechell, widow of the former ing the Canadian militia, stared that h . died at lhst P,ace on Sunday morning of	of Papal aggression.” Colonization ask»	1st	“
Lmd High Chancellor and member of the asked the government * to provide tl	| ,18t week. Soon after reaching Irish	“ is it not time for the French to unite,	647	•«
Joint American Bntish-Csnadian Com I means to raise a national armv	I Creek she contracted the deadly disease	and, in a solid phalanx, present a broad-	Hf	!!
jnission, who dit-d at Washington on I Canadian miltia at present is not an nrm° snd afler tvrti,ve da7e auffdri°g #he auc* | side to Ouneral Ptercey and his hosts.” ‘
March 1, has accepted the c fier of the 41 but it soon would be lam asking tlv cumbe<* to *,fl terrible effects.
S3asffiMtessK^®ssssfeEgsgs-w’-“~“*

0a War Path Again
DEPARMEITTAL STORE.
THE TAILOR
>
who insures the future custom of those who leave order with him
an

>
PUBLIC NOTICE
TARIFF UF TOLLS
Fieri Faeis ie Bonis el ie Terris
District of Montreal.
Pontiac, to wit : •No. 10*9
:i


in length, per thousand feet boa id measure 5 cents.
Spruce and Hen,I >ck, round or flatbed, over 17 feet and
>
under 30 feet lnngt per thousand feet board
measure----Cj cert#.
a
Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per thousand feet board measure
l j
.. 72 cents.
• • e
• • • • • •
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney board, per thousand cubic feet............
i

THE HOLE ELECTRIC CO
75 cents.


i
one an-
noon, dally, Sundays Included.
v

Pontiac facile Jonction By.,
Baggage promptly bandied.
To Sals# a National Army.
MAJuB.OKNEBAL’b SCHBMB FOB CANANIAN
MILITIA.
o
W. R. TAYLOR,
8eo.-Treaa.
Official Time Table :

Offer Accepted.
Aylmer tBrecken ridge rEardley Parker’s Crossing t* Mohrs Qnyon Wyman's tTann Bristol McKe.’s Shawvllle Clark's
Campbell's Bay ?Tank rvmton Coalor.se •Mellon's Waltham
Arrive 946
«•
9 21
6.12
ee
P.M

•4
8.58
I#
8 60
840

823
!>
" - 8.14
" • 8 o*» “ * 8.0»

7 04
7.26
1
7 52
7.46
«I
7.31
Report That the Amir is Dead
8.00
•t
7.18 " ' 7.10 " . 7.0S
8 03
i«
6.64
•«
6 3U
Leave 6.30
• I

P. W. UESSEMAN,
general euriUNTikv*rr

f
k





###PAGE###6###
?
-,
*



n


Ï must w->ik. IWisrd Vermou.
In ot her wohIh,
l
vngera on the Sun Fueinto, commaiul|‘l1 by V» plain Atkins, Dwvinhvr Hith. <"
aocoml-hHiHi
-tUwotion ami work going together. Lut her came to Melanothon's bedside ivod f his recovery, and in-
We must work.'|
Um uh not waste our time m prying
ns nee what we
PRAYING FOH ALL I UK S1VK, m.i y on i lut i nut - *P 1 “	m , ,,,
eidrs, the tipiaeopid Vtiurvu, iu •	. islv.il. ai the same time, that he should
u.gj. in » a i“ a> • L. .otl • 1 111	• \*V	Aome warm soup, the woup being
and 1 don't su prose that you uu g j . „s important as the prayer m in to put iti.o >1‘ “	i tbv limn of the great plague that came
tenve like this: ‘"i hw . we ask o	tl, \ ork, ,.f Kng and, the priest pray-
the Mirk, ease those in " al 11 /f , txd all day and all night for the remov-i yndii.l ana ialm.ige s	|l11'	* , ;i| 0f the plague, but did not ilnnk
Uesides that, at » he « -	f e|1NinjUg out the dead dogs and
three bandied an. .	^ that lay in the gutters,
sx m- ran ing the	sirkness	We must
h.ho nivms as well as supplication. If a man has "evening prayers," asking health, and then sits down to a full
indigestible* at eleven night, his prayer is a mock-\ man has no right to pray for
no eipemsnts wasted
testify. - This la no story. *
Prayer Impotent! If think there was mi force in preyei methlnks Uod, after all he hart 'lorn	I
for me and mine,, would strike» ino dead. Prayer impotent! W hy it |s	,
the mightiest force in thd universe, ‘j ;
Lightning hue no speed< the Alpine while it i» de y
avalanche has no power, computed I i^ ^	^ ^t,lH|ily on the earth;
**
mm
ti. Made clay. Christ had more than
sometimes a touch, wane-
iii to mysteries; yet
do to alleviate the evils of the
,1 " The works of him that sent (Jod a work of restoration and up-‘	The healing of the blind
is made fl type or suggestion work of grace in bringing souls to the light of day. Christ's day of work
I dared to
van
world
EEV. DR. TALMAGE DISCOURSES ON THE EFFICACY OF PRAYER.
In
rrofruer Tye.Ull ami Frauds «dim •
Prepesed Bxprrluieut—Doet 4-od He ir ai,l (amrr Prayer ?-!¦ 4 a*f »f H,rk arM ihr iirrelrel Aid 4o Tour Krrovery I» prayrr—TUe llr. Make* a 4hallenge.
hospital
four years four days, on th years of oui experiment, pathetic woman unghi say the poor people m the sixl> st ward of the hospital I l must pray them.*' And she would get tlom o her knees,and in two minutes spoil the 1
whole experiment.	the safety of his family when he knows
That challenge coining anus*	«	t here in m» cover on t he cistern. The
-, has not .vet been accepted	»	c*hi i.nt inn man, reckless about his
now accept U m the presence 0	, hv!1i,h, might not to expect the same
People, and of all to whom these	answer to his piayer as the Christian
shall come, in the l nurd .ta «	îll;m t.x,ects who retires regularly at
Km ope. I uccept I he challenge o < (v|l uirlovk at night, and takes his condition, and this is, that hc.<	morning hath with tin* appendix of a
who make this proposal, in-‘«n- '	• Tul klsi, towel. Paul said to the pas-
when thoy are "irk. go down m	sogers of the Alexandrian corn-ship
prayer less ward, while we g	, hat they should get safe ashore, hut
attention to the next warn.	i _ he told them they must une means, and
these physicists will let us kiu •/	,
'f, '-STICK tot,,,.: old ship
have not made any arrangements about c;(».l is not weak, nevdmg our help, but paving the ex pen es of the experiment ; lioj j8 strong, and asks us to co-oper-I will pay half, however, on the condi- al4. with him that we may be strong that his turn that* ih\y do not have the order- loo. Cray by all means, but don’t for-
w	- *•	•	•	.	^4 I I ll|7 I Iff JK>lll I ICO»
Ali 1 my friends, have wh been x> Thai Uod answers prayer offered in mistaken f IVh\h Cod hear and answer , h« right spirit, seconded by unr nwn
this text, and it is a lesson that this age needs to learn. It all corn munie a-luMween heaven and earth is cut
. If all the Chris-are going up to-reach him, then, l
I
i,U)i «my
soin»
Mas, loi
oml
A despatch from Washington says:
Talmage preached from the -l have heard thy
for
of
—Rev. Dr
suppei
o'clock u
following text prayer ; behold 1 will heal thee. And
Isaiah said, Take a lump of figs. And they took and laid it on the boil, and
ho recovered.”—- Kings. **• 6» ?-
net healthy. The

wut e I


Luxurious living is second generation <>£ kings and queens end lords and princes, is apt to la-brainless and invalid. The second crop of grass is almost always short. Huyal blood is generally scrofulous. You wil ui>t be surprised, then, to hear that Hezekiah had disorders which
carbuncle, virulent and
The Lord told him he must
He turn-

Klng
broke out in a
deathful die; he did not want to die. ed his face to the wall, so
mists to you
every man he found a liar.
in conclusion, I have
checks, blank checks,
written in
And. now
present you soin on the hank of heaven
hl,“vM?,d rie?'
one method of healing; word only, suinetim h ii
.hi mis. Perhaps, though not ce Mainly, It is not safe* for you to give a blank I there w as a spiritual emblem in i his check with your name to it. »(>u do instrumentality not know what might he wrV,eP clay and moistened it above. But here is a blank	saliva .showing that the most ordinary
which God says 1 can give to you ir is instrumentality becomes uiighly when signed by the handwriting of the Lord t our lied by divine
and you can fill it up hig
" Xsk,
cried to God for Ins life. God heard
the prayer and answered it, saying :	p,aver, or does he not I M hy come
•	rr zaS'ZSe
ployed. This carbuncle needed a cat- sjvk linto <ltNl,h ; he prayed for Ins Splash. That is a tough word that we1-life : God heard him, and added fifteen
people understand we never should in8lruiuenlahty. •• But,” says some one, have any reputation for learning. Well •• | (|on t believe the Bible " Ah! then
= ESSeSSE
sr, who doctored her own child:en in >ou can nnl st,and upon common brought as answers to prayers." the time when physicians were not as ground. In any argument, if you vou say that Î Was it mere happen*-
that the very best poultice	to t ry to provw to a man that Dj.t Daniel pray in the wild beasts' den
twice three are six, provided he does jusl at the time when all the lions not admit the multiplication table, or happened to have the lockjaw f Did that two and two are four, if he does j4.sus pVay at the grave of Lazarus not admit the addition table.	; just at t lie time when Lazarus was
My first address, therefore, is to g0;ng (o dress himself and come out those who do l»e ieve the Bil le. 1 want a,iyhow f Did Jesus lose his place in to tvJl you that prayer is the	his sermon, and make a mistake when
HHHHP	you ; »i’k, and ye shall find ; knot k,
and that 1 he allopathic, and homoeo- ;1IKj jH shau ^ oj>ened unto you f" pat hie, and the eclectic schools will And ieH( a<mle were so stupid they yet acknowledge it. Here are two could not understand it, he goes oil, cases of sickness precisely alike; the ,.F(>r every one that asketh, receiveth; same kind of medicine is given to both aml he lhal see.ket h, fmcleth ; and to
«d them, and in the same quantities. him lbal knockcth, it shall be ope n-Tho one patient recovers, and the other does not
the one remedy, and does not bless the ot lie r
ltv t bn band
1 li »H V' • %w — ~


He took common with his own
was
t loll
off. let us know it tian players that ward God, never say, lot silence smite the lips of the aff icu-r world, out the nations smother their groans and die quietly. God does answer prayer. The text shows You say, "I don't I relieve the Bible; 1 think that those things were coincidences which are often
power* Anointed ryes. Upon each eye ho placed a blotch of mud from the street.
7.	tin, wash. See the blind beggar, staff in hand, feeling his way across the city toward the pod, bearing two patches of at reel mud on his face! That was h a cross, compelling u confession of Christ and a surrender to his will. One meets him and an) s, "Blind man, perhaps you don't know there is dirt on your face. Let me wipe it away." "No," he answers. "The Master put it there. I am obeying his orders." That waa "the altar ’ to which this man went forward in the revival, humbling his pride of self. The poo! of Si loam. A reservoir hewn out of the rock in the valley of (iihon, south of the temple. It is still to Im seen, one of the few certain identifications of Bible localities, near Jerusalem. By interrpreia-tion, Sent . The word ' Siloam" means "sending," or "sent." John hints at the thought that the pool was by its very name a symbol of Christ, the One Sent from God. "Go to SiInaui*' means "Go to the Sent of Cod." Went his way. Jesus chose his man rightly; for he saw that he was courageous, obedient, prompt, and independent of public opinion. (». Bead the chapter through and find some good examples in this man's conduct. Washed. What a moment that was, as he groped his way down the steps to the pool, pressed the cool water to his face, and felt the flash of light I 7. More wonderful is the transformation from spiritual
•lullh darkness to light, from sin to salvation !	,
8.	The neighbors. This man had become a familiar figure, and those who
On had seen him in other days were prompt to observe	the wonderful
change that had
of his slay near Jerusalem from the j,jin 8 The best
feast of tabernacles to that of the true conversion is that it attracts attention from those who knew the sinner beforehand. Had seen him that he was blind. Revised Version, "that lie was a beggar." Evidently the man was now a Uyigar no longer, but was at work earning bis living. 9. Thus salvation oftein turns men from idleness to industry, from need to selfsupport.
9.	He is like him. His eyesight made such a change in his countenance and hearing that it was not si range that some doubted whether he could be the same man. Indeed, he was not t he same man, hut "a new creature." 10. And as is everyone who has come to the light of life. I am lie. Whether others knew it or not, he knew that he was the same man, though changed. I^ Blessed is that consciousness upon the soul of the one who has received gosjiel light !
10-11. How were thine eyes opened/
Jesus Christ,
with anything you want to and it shall bo given you: seek and ye shill find." 1 do not, say « that your prayer will be answered, in jusr the way you except, but 1 do say it will »>« answered in t he heal way. Oh Wl ! test him? This is the outcome of
all this subject.
I am glad the Christian world has been challenged. 1 think it will evoke ten thousand experiences that otherwise would not have been told. If 1
should ask the men this audience who have found God
God to rise up, you
In time of time of
it
«
l)o
you
you
fig, and that was what was used upon the carbuncle of King kezekiah The of God, accompanied by this hu-inatrumentality, cured the king, lu tUis age of discovery, when men know so much, it kills them, and write wisely it almost kills us, it has been found out that prayer to God is a dead failure. All things are arranged according to inexorable law. There is no use in praying to God tor ruin in the time of drought. The " weather
and women in
a
jv.Twei
man

prayer-answering would nearly all rise up darkness and trouble, as in light and prosperity, he answered you. I commend you to that God to whom your parents dedicated you in infancy. They believed so much in prayer, that last word was• a supplication» lor you. Hiving heard you in days ol prospei-ity, he will not reject your last petition, when, in the darkened room, alter they have wiped the dew of death from your brow, and the whole group of loved ones have kissed you good-bye, you have only strength enough left to Lord Jesus, receive my spirit!"
he said
MIGHTIEST OF ALL REMEDIES
so
in the morning paper
probabilities,
will decide the question, rain ur no
ed.
Why/ God blesses
But some one persists in saying, I don't believe any thing of the Bible." Then 1 appeal to your own instincts. Prayer in certain circumstances is as natural to a man as the throbbing in the pulse, as the respiration of the lungs. Put a company of men — I don't care how bad they are—in some imminent peril, and they will cry out, "God have mercy on us !" It seems to I*» a time for making challenges; so 1 make one men er u swing to sen
rain, and the whole nation in prayer
Prayer has helped many
before God would not bring down a j blundering doctor through with a case single drop. I am not now speaking that would have been otnerwise com.. ™«m.„ .h~r, bul ... .h., j % SS53»fcJro*SÏ
which is believed by ten thousand pharmacy, as divine materia medica, times ten thousand men. If sickness That is a foolish man who, in cam
come tu your household, it will depend of sickness, goes only to human ressources, when we have these instances , of the Lord's help in a sick room. Bound the skill of the doctors, as to fl>m you call the doctor, while he is
whether your child gets well. The fa- j there, and after lie goes away, look up tbvr might pray all day and the mother might pray all night—it would not have any effect upon the case
squills, belladonna, paregoric and gruel God send salvation to all the doctors 1
. Sickness would be oftener balked, death would bt* oftener hurled back from the door sill, if medical men came into tbe sick-room, like Isaiah of the text, with a prescription in their hands and the word of the Lord in their
i
pray
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.

INTERNATIONAL LESSON, MAR. 12.
entirely upon ventilation, good diet,

i
I chai lange that these who don't believe in prayer chart-steamer, go out in the "Narrows, out eight or nine hundred miles and then heave-to and wait for a cyclone. And after the cyclone comes, and the vessel has gone under ten times, when they did not expect it would rise again, and the bulwarks have been knocked in, and the musts gone—if they do not pray, l will surrender my theory. Do you tell me that this instinct which God has put in us, he put there just to mock us for his own cruel amusement ? If God implanted that instinct in the human heart, it was because in his own heart
there was
“Chrlftl Heeling the Blind Man.
.lullii 0. *5.
PRACTICAL NOTES.
9. i ll. Gulden Text.

Let the
to him who cured Hezekiah apothecary send the poultice, hut God makes it draw. Oh I 1 am glad to If have a doctor who knows how to pray.

As Jesus passed by
Verse l
some occasion during the throe months

come across evidence of a
do tin work, your child will gel well
if not, not.
THERE IS A CAST-IRON GOO seated at the head of the universe, holding in the grasp of his metal | youths fingers a band of law from which nothing can break away.
The whole Christian world and the
Olhers
dedication, lie saw a man
only a blind beggar, but Jesus urn? who might become a muuu-
aro
saw
saw
ment of mercy and a bold confessor of the faith. Blind from his birth. He


John Abercrombie, the most celebrated physician of Scotland, prayed when he went into a sick-room, and he wrote no moi*e ably about "diseases of the Lord Almighty, within the past few brain" than about "the philosophy of
weeks, have been challenged. God has the moral feelings." 1 don't know how
: much of the medical success of Syden-| ham, and Cooper, and Harvey, and Rush, depended upon the fact tint nient.	Professor	Tyndall and	Francis	they knew	how to pray as well as to
English	gentlemen,	propose	prescribe.	1 don't want u physician
who sees no God in human anatomy to ,	,	.	, - doctor my hones. If God made us, and
apart for the experiment. 1 he people , think he did, and if the Bible is true,
in the	one ward	of the hospital shall	and I am rallier disposed to think it
not be	prayed for; the people	in the	is, then it	is not strange that prayer
other ward of the hospital shall be does traverse natural causes ; aye, that prayed for. Then we will see which it introduces a new cause. When God of the patients got well the sooner, made the law, he did not make it so —the experiment to go on for five strong he could not break it years. Well, it is the most con des- made our bodies, when they are broken, tending thing in human philosophy j he is the one to mend them; and it is that 1 think I have ever heard of. Here reasonable that we should call him in
to do it. If my furnace in the cellar

wellt-kuHwn person, who had
was a
long sat begging in liis accustomed place
are far mure common in the East than

SOMETHING RESTONS!VK
Ruth blindness and beggary
To prove that God does hear prayer, I put on the witness-stand Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, tiAkiel, Jeremiad», Micah, John, Paul, Peter and King Hezekiah, Tell me, ye ancient battlefields. ye Oriental thrashing floors, ye Judean corn-fields, ye Galilean fisri-iutg-amacks, is God deaf, and dumb, and blind Wore all humble petition. That God answers prayer, l bring the million facts of Christendom to prove. There has never paper enough cnme out of the paper-mills t o the story. Has not many prayed back her bad boy from the ends of the enrth-frum Canton, from Madras, from Constantinople—uniil he knelt beside her in the old homestead, Have there not been des|>eradoes and renegades who have looked into the d"oi of a piliyex-meeting to laugn and scoff at it, who havp\ been drawn t»v the power of prayer, until they ran
out for merry f
far? I had,
now an opportunity of proving whether he keeps liis promises, by an exper-
lands. 1. Note here and throughout this story the picture of a J. Christ Micks out men before
III our
sin ner they seek him.
¦j. His disciples asked him. Attracted, perhaps, by the look of inquiry which their Master fixed u|s»n i he Theirs was
Gallon
that two wards in a hospital be set
ten
the scientific
ma n
spirit," only asking a curious profitless question; bis was the syinpaibelie, testimony of personal experience is al-
ÉùÉjfli	interesting, even though it he
in illiterate, untrained words story of the soldier in battle, of the study social questions ; like Christ, a shipwrecked sailor, of the converted
few go down into the slums to lift j soul, out of sin into righteousness
will always he listened to. He answer* T lie re was no hesitation in his answer. I J. And there ehould be none result of some specific sin. So Job’s 'u "uis, as We fell the old* old story,
which is always knew, A man led Jesus Hat her "the man," one who was well known. 13. Let no one convert eil by Christ be ashamed to owr his Lord.
write i mother
If God
helpful spirit,, eager to save. Like thorn in our time some men
The
the Loni Almighty has an opportunity of winning the confidence of such i breaks down, there is no one so corn-men as Professor Tyndall and Francis I>etcnt to repaii it as tlie maiiufactur-Gniton 1 Besides that, it is very com- er- ^ UU "atch stop, there is no one plimeutary to the angels ; and if David, 80 competent to re pair it as t he one Paul, and Isaiah, who wrote so much who made. it. If the body is disordered,
Who did sin. I hey sup- ^
up the needy posed that every misfortune is the
t
cal-
to the alun crying
Kui why sh uld * B° 8lJ . , in my own experience, and 1 havu lino
in the history of my own family, the evidence ih«l God answers prayer. Mv mother, with three Christian women, assembled week after week, and prayed for their children; they kept
ui> that prayer-meeting °* /our one year after year. The world knew nothing of it. God answered all those prayers. All the group came in; the eleven sons and daughters of mv mother came in, myself the last.
to my household — it seemed to many.
friends tried to "comfort"’ bun, by telling him that ho must have been a sinner because lie was a sufferer.
Their reasoning w mid have been correct if they had given ii as a general principle that suffering is in the
world lwau.se sin is als or Ins parents, i hey may have questioned whether the mail was suffering because of sin in some previous .	.
state of existence, a view held by some ancient teachers. Or, ns Slier sug- tt‘r 11 minute geste, " This man, or, fur that is out of one mile an hour, we use HN), two of the question, his parents.” 3. The	miles, 1,000,	three	miles 1,010.	four
cause of his sin is of less importance	miles, 2,300.	If we	tart out and i uu
than the cure of sin.	six miles an hour we consume 3,<.00
3. Neither huh this mail sinned. Not	cubic inches	of air	during every	min
that this man or liis parents had Iiv-	ute of the time,
ed an absolutely sinless life, but that his condition had not been caused by any sin on their part or his part. That I he w orks of God should be made manifest. Christ suggests not the of this man’s misfortune, Imt the divine purpose in it. T that a great blessing might come to ih'- man through it, and to the world through ihe blind man that man in heaven now look upon those years of darkness f Does he not rejoice that
he was led to Chiist and salvation. 4 Let us see the good hand of God in our troubles.
about prayer, hear of it, they will, no doubt, bo very muoti gratified to
have a recommendation t rom such high h is n(>t a)l> aa tlwwl* physicists tell authority. If theie ever was i nine ( UH a	,,f ventilation or |>nison-
w lien the whole universe ought to e,j air| ,;f cleanliness or dirt, of nut-present a vote of thanks to one hng- Ii(i,>us diet or poor fare. ! have known li.sh literary review, «this is the tune. p^(>pie to gel well in rooms where the 1 call f«c the ayes and noes. 1 he eyes windows had Immui six weeks down,
have itl i '	tight shut, and I have known them to
My It lends, that experiment will	right under patent ventilators. I
never be made, for the reason, in the have known children sickly who every first place, you never could get aman day had their hath, and 1 have known to lie down in the prayerless ward of children robust, the washing of whose that hospital—nut even the philosoph- faces would make their features un-ers who make the proposal. If they recognizable.
were sick, it would be the last place Hod did not make the law and then on earth they would want to be sick run away from it. in—that prayerless ward of the hos- nature? It is only God's usual way of pital. X ou could not get an English- doing things. But he has said that if man to lie there, for King .fames s children ask him to do a thing, translation has been abroad too long and he can consistently do it, he will among Britons, and the bell of St. doit. Go on with your pills and plas Paul’s has rung London to prayer too ters, and jioetrums and elixirs, and often. You could not get a Scotchman your catholicon, but remember that to lie there, for be conies from the land the mightiest agency in your recovery of John Knox, and methinks the old is prayer. Prayer to God brought the Covenanters who died fur their faith King's cure, the lump of figs being t he would get up from Grayfriars churchyard and hiss at him if he tried it.
The experiment is also impossible ; because if the professor and myself should agree upon making it, you could not stop the world and the Church There is a great company of deluded and women, who every day, have
CALL IN IKK MAKER OF 11
AIR XVK CONSUME
This man
A man with a penchant for computation has calculated that when we are
consume 5t»0 cubic inches of
If we walk at the rate
Pickney» came hopeless sickness as At three o'clock on Saturday pm invalid was carried to the steamer for Savannah. At eleven o'clock the next day, being Sunday, standing in
ihis very place, a man of God prayed
of t he sick one. At lock, she who had
wit h
The
t he
)
\
for the recovery that time, eleven been prostrated
help, walked up cm retire 1» 8B
M vu TO BEING MIR ICULOI 8
Dial she was
O c
LIGHT EFFECT
three weeks on deck
Prof. Zickler recently found that a of ultra violet light transmitted 200 meters, over 209 yards.
v
me
cause
ray
l hat purpose was
as many as will work a telegraph instrument at
that distance. Pays of this kind hie the property of causing an electric spark to pass between two highly charged conductors, which but f"t the light would not spark. I his effect; 1* made to work the telegraph instru*
God-directed human instrumentality.
I would have you also see—for it i another lesson of the subject—that prayer must be accompanied by means It is an outrage to ask God to do a thing while we remain indolent. The prayer, to be acceptable, must come not only from the heart, hut from the hands. We must work while we pray
as I can imagine.	.
Impel*'sly tick people who sat up with her night after night, and are here, ran testify. That the prayer for her recovery was offered in this pu pit thousands of people could testify. I hut it cl*ven o'clock on tbit Sunday morn he walked up on deck, as by a
I call the pass
How does
our
through his misfortune
men
the habit nf
ing »
miraculous recovery
meut
u
:\
V	,

J
###PAGE###7###

ê
¥
THE ENGLISH COURT.
No Eye Like the Master’s Eye,
44
SUCH AM ADMISSION I
Careful attention to the smallest Jetai s enable uniform production
of quality and flavor. Try
. i
7 do hope tboy 11 put off the begin
,|lnK of the next century 11:101 her >var
^ hy so, Mi«H Pasesy f H' ihuhv it will be such an adrufasion non t you know, to i her things in the laet
¦a* always Bern IMirrHl In «Boire
•r IrlriMU.
LUD E L LA
99
There cannot be favorite* in a wall-
organized modern court like that of lOU ÂTC V\«XSt€T of y0Uf Great Britain. With the atrong light	anJ if you JQ „of
of publicity now beating upon the	J	i J j jf ti
throne, there must be no profèrent j dttffld TO duly, tt\C bldfflf f?
in favor of ambitious Intriguers, oj I edStly loCdttd. If your blood patronage of million.liras on account
of their money, no degrading intimacies with people of sullied reputations. I Sdpdrilld Wilt purify it»
maintained, and because the court has My gl<ee|, ,, refreshing. It cured n,y wife btseu singularly free from public wan- »|50.,e Michael Uotls, 5475 Denny Street,
dal. \ The sovereign, the princes and Pittsburg, Ta.	Ta irrv vr
the princesses have had intimate	Scrofulous Humor-" I was In terrible	A 1 1,,S wo,lr)-
friends, hut these associates have been condition from the itching and burnh,> „f	The Bashful Lover-Miss Krnily I—
treated with a certain reserve, and scrofulous humor. Orew worno nnrter cr- h»*m f
sLsar.ivsr “k* sssstoTUïiss.ttiss jticpti&r-Mr
In cons«Miuence of this discretion in me thoroughly. J. J. Little, Fulton, N. Y our yrwing class ?
making friends and acquaintances, the **1P # s O	# iff
members of the royal family have been ./f/VVTgJ enabled to meet the most famous Eng- ^
li.shm«iu of their time, and to do much	^^^mÀ.pÏAÂslÆiltIij!jiFTnTEr
to elevate and purify society, pailouage is eagerly sought for every philanthropic enterprise, every humane cause movement.
say you re rue invent ury.
viL i LOi>i 1 hi A
Lead pa«.k .
^5* 3°> 4°. Su and Doc.


making his fortune.
H*’. Dora, dear, do you think you could consent to he n poor man s wife f No; if he had mo end still thought him a*If poor, I wouldn t want to be
hin wife.
He's going to be rich.

f'onboy’s Improved L'jrriagc Tops


is out of order, Hood’s Sùr-


&

v
mm

*###*###
&
•i
m
REOKIVIS TME HIQHIST A WARS AT TNI WORM'S FAIR ISM.
fit
I u
IV
13*
I
I
i
I
X

m
A
Sentey's Patent Relier Tape have net with
en n univeraai fnvor'bate*hw naarjfeetu#-er are now uinkmg inferior im.iaileae end ur ihen:« n the n pu .Worn the Center «have in*J*. Do u«»t be teed winked tv
laferiot

w &
- ' -fs
F H
T»u
a r per» n Wûo reo )rtiw#udi se ui*ko to be juii ne good.
The Coebn foot ** eklili,
Wi.en fou onler four I# ggr, eUvelato wit. y ,urcaMa*e b ill.1er llut It la to havw a genuine < -enUoi ftoher Top, as unilatâeae are never as goal.

•ai
I
It'il or Topa are ai a«ar par workmen o*a make them.
you iik« to juin
3
V
Catarrh Cannot be Cured
With local AP.'LIGATION*, an they can • ?» the • ai of th d •?•am. Catarrh le a nu or I or cone I* utinnal die \ end In order in erne *1 y. u ninni lak Internal remedies H i V* Catarrh	!*¦	an dl-
Their	I BIRTHDAYS AND GEMS. I
ra^îeÆ"»To "J don/Ta no? noV U> ùSSSiïf* % EFft
field of human effort.	cioua stones. Iho charm of an opal, j r.-mhired n ti ihe heat blood p inflers. anin
bg uX6|hdreintVimacUsâîrit°hU royalty	%hWd^|^Rers, i	Z:h'wnndl%/%d'tT^
and dragging partisans of their own ^ seems to mean hope, and life nr < aurrh Send for t «cm nia s, f ee.
s sa at % srayï* % cssd^SSu- T~a
Emgland has been jealous of its re-	reflections.
putation during the Victorian reign. Hf,fe ^ nu interesting classification Its political authority has declined, of th« appropriate gems for each per-
but its social influence has greatly 800 to wear:--	I 1 aPa. «aid Benny Bloolmmper, why
Increased.	*	| Those born in January should wear are days of g aco allowed on a note t
garnet, signifying friendship and fi- To avoid weeks of disgrace, replied dellty ; February, amethyst, sincer-1 Mr. Bloobumper. ity and peace ; March, bloodstone, wisdom, courage and firmness ; April, dia-, innocence ; May, emerald, beloved and happy ; June, agate, health,
Meo have naked . great deal in «he I	^ ug u si, Z r deny x ,U con Ju	h,T|
Search for Klondike gold, but the way city; September, sapphire, sanity, pence awaVi"e<1 ïfdale *rd, dii,loenM ,or ""Parlor
It is handled in that country would an<* ease of mind; October, opal, hope; eu»*dLemiee. JLnk^fonVdeoer*to rkiaia^a astonish those who are accustomed to ^vember, to^z friendship and true |.apply Li.te mailfree on sppitoatieo.
bank,.re- method,. Mi. F.or Shaw,	"""""
writing from Dawson City to the London Times, says that the carelessness with which the gold is handled at the
mines is equai to the recklessness with which it is spent in town.
On account of its weight, the men do not, as a rule, carry their own gold.
In the log cabins in which the miners live it has to take its chance along with boots, cooking utensils and provisions, waiting to be transported by the first pack-train passing down to
Dawson. Any receptacle is good en- I Our new boarder came here just for ough to hold gold. Old tobacco ranis- | a temporary home, ters and apricot tins stand full of nug-getH upon the shelves, and sacks of gold dust are flung upon the floor. One
little pack-train of three mules brought I	CAUSE FOR ANGER;
twen*t y Dtho Ûk an d“do 11 ars* worlhS g*“d «ta	“
a «ark and spill the contenta The whole 11» ToSOana, lOO. ?a':TUR^M^oU-mL lot was thrown with other goods into
the packer’s office, and left there un- |	BOTINn TO WIN
til the following morning.	I
On another occasion forty thousand Your Honor, said the Irish barrister
dollars’ worth was sent down on one 13 ho rose to plead his client’s cause, ,---- -------------------------
horse. The packer in charge did not	1 «hall first prove to the jury that	gr yeab.v.s.y affleb, iirrr**, ices* RSvmn
know who had given it to him, and	mJ client did not commit the crime	ahi#. a*»**
there was no sign of ownership attach-	with which he stands charged. If that	Tk.	Dawttn	Cemnrwlsn	C#.	Limited. I -
ed. It was duly claimed the next	doeM n°t convince the jury, I will show	^
morning and identified by the fact	that he was insane when he did it.
that within the larger sack of dust I thb jury be even then unconvinced
I shall prove an alibi.
y
ri'.wr

Their
Mood’s Mils eus liver Illsi the 1rrttstl»g atA
only sellerie fr wke m\tj flood's
$J5,ooo O $35,000
O
$35,000 O $35,000
O
O
; $25,000.
CO
JH K best advertisement lor any
medicine is on* coming from a person who
ha* taken the remedy and has been BENEFITED.
AS an introduction we wish to dis-
trtbote throughout Canada 100,000 pach-age* of Dr Uree • Health Bpeciflc To an-mm limb this w* hare decided to appropriate 25.two dollars t<> be distributed amongst our patrooa
I AS to the efficiency of the Specific we could write pages laudatory of its
g,	curative qualities. When we w*re done you would know no more of It than yondo mow so we
2 slmplv say if you are troubled with Constipation, Indigestion, Liter or Kidney trouble, or any .11-q ment arming from a dlsonlereil stomach, and will take one package of Dr Oreen s Health Apec 8c. and End you are not delighted with the results, stat* the facts to t Is Company and we wll; cheer lull» refund your money Used as a laiatire it bas ne peer, and when r>nre used will never be %#-5 I card ml for any other remedy Bend your eider direct to this Company, enclosing 60 coots luo p.|, and we will mill you one package of the Speciflc To the writer of the Erst letter sweatssd enclosing Efty cents for one package of the remedy we will remit ten dollar* In cash, and Se the sender of every 2.1$th letter, thereafter, endnmlng Efts c nts. until >0,000 order letters are ra O ceived. we will remit e* amount raagioe from $6.00 to #5,000 00, the total of ear preeenU in this WBy aggregating $25.000.00. Write quhi and enclose this advertisement Address
u
m
*•
o
o
O
CASH GIVEN AWAY
FREE.
o
o
<*
THE REASON.
y
Cm
§
O
•t m

o
GOLD CARELESSLY HANDLED.
W I» C 961
The Sanford Ear Drum Co.,
fbe Carries» Way li Which the hleaUlhel mond,
Mlarrn Look After Their Hold.
O
s
CALVERT’S
u
C/1
OF1 TORO fSJTO, LIMITED,
!
«C
n
Room E, Confederation Life Building, Toronto.
0	$35,006 O $35.000 O $35,000 O $35,006
o
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
MAHÛHISTM, . . LNOLANO.
StammerersHHS Dominion Line
where, wrile te
Dr Arsotl, Berlin, who will euerloce jeu h# es» cure jo
ROYAL MAIL 8TKAM8MIP8
WHY HE PREFERS THE CHILLY
BAYS.
Lots o' ozone In th’ atmosphere,
Weary.
Correct, but it's better than hot weather, me boy.
How so ?
'Cause in hot weather you perspires, an thet's th next most degradin' thing to takin a bath.
RETURNS IN ONE WEEK.
We want good Butter, Eg##, Poultry, etc.
Hh.p to un. ued yo i will h .so your mih n a work or leu THK AIXKNUKAÏ) PRODUCK CO., bS Front Ht.. K . Toronto.
Stlloa Seiiltry Grit «e the beet digester In the market LAURENT! AN SAND â <!R 4 VEL Ce . Montreal.
8t John M.B., end	te L,iter|*»<»l. «talliee a#
Loodoederry I.mif en#* feel wiu su** *t«**niMiip#
" La Bn a i OR." ** VàS( oirVEm." “ deoiFMA*.w 8u wrier emnoir mode lion or First Cabin M noon d Cabin and Steerage peN%engere. Her#» of pe*aatf« First ('eMn.|5A.nO; -*ec«nd Cabin, $36; Mieereg* 122 60 and urwâi d* aooordtn# t* steamer end berth. For ail information apply te Local A*eats. or Daviu ToniiANoe H Co., Goal Atreate. 17 flb. Sanremeor. 81.. Montreal.
MULTRY KEEPERS Sllto.PoultryCrit
The |ie&k Digester in the market, m H contains bille». Dii-'e of Iron. Mine »n Msgoni*. wh v i sre ell ncoee ksrr to the hral ù kihI ur iductlf pneus of T u tiy LAURC.NT1AN SAND A MRAVEL CO .
Id 8t John tit., M-nlreel
MONTH"At
Ths “ Balmoral,” Free Bus J&J»
$5? (catarrh
First cl as Quality
New Tiros
WANTS TO MAKE IT PERMANENT.
•t •' i i.« »nici* vu ih« ei»r Wanifit» Hells mi-veiy »U>te. i*r- wwauaww
lory end home Kiduwire territory.
( tm-gu and Montreal
**•‘11® let
EITHER HINOLE or DOUBLE TUBE. Only a few left. Money
^	«	j must accompany order.
Now he wants to marry my daugh- ; CUTTING SCHOOL*uU4forwt VVM. B. NOR IT!AM, - 1 okonto.
C. A Ü. SCHOOL CO,, Meatrawl.----------
Cure assured in 24 hours, j HARRIS
a new specific, sent by mail . Box 365, Montreal.
HOWELLk LUKY
end HAY FEVER Permanently Cured by Medicated Vapor Inhalation- a miracle of »u 10 Daye Trial Free. Hand 15a for as press on outfit. Or. Ray’s tueoeeeful Remedy Oe.,Toronto, Out
Dr. Kara Anti-Constipation Pills always cure. London, Eug
alugue.
LEAD
Rheumatism
Melbourne, A us. Toronto, Oam
BUYS
COPPER BRASS
William St., Toronto I IEALTH RESTORED
'
¦m receipt of $1- DE. ROUBY, P.0
SCRAP
__ »po
CATALOGUE HtKK
0. H CRIM, fcix Oe., Mentrsal.
AUfAOl eASIROS—Hew importettoes fleeet Fngllah
stïi-.üüriÆiïsa-. Sï
Be

without medicine er expense to the iiuwt disurdfifd Hiemach, Luuee, Nerf#*, Liver, Bleod, H «d 1er, Kidney•, Braim end Breath by
Wholesale only
Long Distance Telephone 1729.
8
tome Lu Barry’s
Revalent» Arabica Food,
iSCer
OILS
lam
tire
• i ch Sivea lu valida and < 'IrT'hen. and ale» Maire amr cv*«f'illt Infante whuee A iinvota and ÎHhillty bave r» »'*Od ail ••thaï Veatnienta. ft digeela wl ea ail etbel ? ood il rejected, save* Vf I!m«i ils eeel ta eedleiaa
Champion
EVAPORATORS for maple
SYRUP C talogue free.
Q H OR IM M KO. CO. Montreal.
mine
CBSior
Germania Oil Co., 13* Bay et., Toronto.
mm
50 Years
9 levari ihle Muceoea. 100.604 Ano'inl flurws of Constipa* »!«»¦. Flatuleecy, by#pop.la. iwdigHtioe. Ouuiumptlva, Dubelos, Browchil'a, lodu enta. O ugh» Aâiàma. Calai r b. Pbiogu», Dlairbcaa, Nrrroua Debility, Sleepltraeneaa, Daayoïjdeocj.

LOOSE LEAF
LETTER FILES
Ou Barry & Co.,
(Linltod),
77 Rogaol
atroot,
London, W , ala • In Parla, 14 Ru» de Caatigllvoe. a ad at all Grue era, Chemist*, and Rtviee everywhere. In lias 5t., 3a.1W.6a, 6ib 14e. Meut oarrlage free. Also I>o Dairy a Revalenta Biscuits, in tius. 3a fri and 6a
u u
TORONTO CUTTING SCHOOL
j}
wan a small sack of nuggets.
The bags are never scaled, but r % merely tied at the mouth by a leathern thong or a bit of twine.
A
15c and 25c with index.
.'he Office Specialty Mfg. Se
Limited,
1» nod 124 Sav Kt., Toronto Factory: Newmarket
Writ# for epectal terme during Janua y and February, B. CORRIGAN, 113 Yonge St,

•I
are
Iowa Farms for Sale, |2 per a ore cash, Balance * crop until paid. J. Mulhall, Sioux City, la.
New Hiir Grower tie., Me tret sod Y’hicugo.
Mine Mille S Mal##,
Bairlaiers.eu*.. removed to Weiie? Hides., Rleb uiond Sf» W.. Teroate.
A CALL TO ARMS.
RHEUMATISM CURED
L COFFEE & CO.,
Established U<1
FREE
Wesley, said his wife, sleepily, as she plaintive wail of the infant broke the stillness of the midnight hour ; Wes" F- JEST I Sfis	- ' -
Tak> up the white man’s burden.
We give
ibis fine WATCH
with chain and charm, for selling twe doe. Wbitelisht Wicks
at tea casts each. J*o .Vans*
Required. Write, and we will send the Wicks, postpaid, aad big Premium List. Whea you hare sold tke Wicks, return the money, and we will at once send your watch free of all charge. Hundreds have earned fine watches work ng for us, why met youT In srriltnf, men/tea tAu paper.
WHITELICMT WICK CO
TORONTO, CAN.
LAW
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Seems 4011-12 Beard of Trade Building,
TORONTO, ONT.
...........
S|il4i,l*>aM*eruled U E. Uo i«aa,»2Em#-st Uamllloa | -----------------
!
John L. Co>r *
our
Mr Vied Dadd’s Kltlatj FUI» «ad
Was
Therewgtily aad
rwiBUBHf
dared #f EMenmallsai—Dodd’s Kidney rills Always C’a re Rkeumaflsas.
Windsor, Feb. 27.—Who hasn't felt ,	.
the torturing twinges of Rheumatism? y°u bave c*tarrah and feel hopeless It is safe to say that thére are not one ®b?ut ?urin® we assure you that
hundred families in Canada in which Catarrboz.one ?ever faila to	a ’ D n n r i u ft and Sheet Metal Works
srys •Msi'sas.-s sw æ “ææ sas-HSS
the great majority of Canadians.	er free* knowing that a trial will give .BUTHiiAsokS, AdelaideAWidmeriiawTarante
Kvery person who suffers from Rheu- yt>^ U(l<1,enoe jDJt‘
W. C. Poison & Co., Kingston, Ont.
To Paint the Rose
i
•il#
urn
Were absurd; to praise Catarrhozone would be superfluous. But if
•IN#
•Jill
3
I
•»
4
Sit
ACureGuaranteed
Send $2.50 for 6 Boxes BOLD’S BVlingqs, r.L_ now on It recognized System Segulater and Ulojrt Tsnlo, and wo will mril you a guar.nt.ee to refund the money for a y case of General 1 #‘1'-ility m- t cuted after akin ' the aiedicine.
Thouwande of sufferer < nro daily recovering oet health by this Great English Kro-cHp’ ten. ihsre'e.e we make you this unbiased auaraa-tee.
he
QTAMMERERS.
Osle lassiMHtee te C*m4* tor the ear# «4 SI ¦ etfry p&wo ef #» w* detook Setobliohed
CH	twS WtfiVt&B,
mat ism will rejoice to find a medicine that will positively cure it; thoroughly
out
system entirely, as it has been shown I As the statement of a» abstract thousands of times Dodd's Kidney scientific truth, soliloquized the phy-Pi'ja do.	.	sician, it is strictly correct to
Mr. F. H. Cole, whose permanent that cold contracts. But there residence is in Detroit, Mich., but who ceptione.
is equally well-known in Windsor, Ont., It was the height of the influenza had been a great sufferer from Rheu- season, and he was looking at his bank mat ism and Kidney Disease.	I account.
He gave fair and patient trial to a number of so-called "Rheumatism Cures," etc., but not one of them gave him lief.
i
WORKS DIFFERENTLY SOMETIMES
/ Inner >
“ Maltese Cross ”
< Tube*, y
¦•Id's Used, Sons end Brain Builders.
Cure all forme of weakno** li either #ex arising from im pa re blood. dLeaned bone, or im-porerUhed brain.
We alee take th I* opportunity o' thanking ;be many declare who hare epoken eo favor-iMy • f tn
say are ex- ¦
Stammerers
sn and will talk 1/ th#y will oenie *nu I bavoaytat 40y*nre’ study on this di4r#eele| habit O. mo aud satisfy youneitre. No risk W. K BATE,
Apscia ist, Ik3 0*. Iff* 8t„ Toronto
try
e medicine.
ATTEND
THE BEST JT_ P*?*
Ventral^—yue
The BOLD PHARMACAL CO.,
456 King SL, West, Toronto.
* — — ——"	' —    ¦¦¦ —     
/Mites fuJfihni/ UM/
&LÂ//y
tu, 4^4 <Hv-ns yfrtt^c/y „
y**orjbtnjU /dwl
more than even temporary re-
z
CANADA PERMANENT
Then a friend urged him to give ¦Dodd's Kidney Pills a trial. Half reluctantly he did so, and he has been thankful
GTGATFOGG, GMT.
Yeung Mnn end Wemen properly prepared for btiai-n< a* life ; f raduatea eiwaya eucceaeful ; beat tescbera ; ,srSe sit#nu4Bg# ; bo4fd shosp; *tudfuts uso - ofcer s*
auv tb»e: Best Gemmereiai tohajl in Ontarte. w rite for beautiful esiaingne
Lean and Savings Company.
IUCOBPOBATSD 1866.
ever since that he did
* l
mo.
i
• • • •
He used only four boxes, but that quantity was sufficient to clean the taint out of his blood thoroughly. Today he is sound and well in every bone, muscle, sinew, nerve and organ in the body—thanks to Dodd's Kidney Pills
Dodd's Kidney Pills, the only known unfailing cure for Kidney Complaints, are sold by all druggists, at fifty cents m boz, six boxes $ j 50 ; or sent, on receipt et price, by The Dodd's Medicine Co., Limited, Toronto.
v# Fund...
W. J. ELLIOTT. Principal.
• • *# • • • ##
Me#d Office Toronto St.. Torewt#. UHS êfffoee Wbi.tlpes, Maiv .anoouver, B.6.
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
IllirtHTI &r# receive M* ted lutf yearly ,
ReVttBftTfBMUsutdia
rân“J
M k law le i
IfmAhUHIO ea Reel Estate security *
*we aad oe faroreble oenditloos es Se F#
Maaielpel l>ebeoteree purchased
i HERBERT MASON
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
Sterling with ed, pereble la Cm ad» eé and Tract'es are sulhof*
44
'•'-livre
lateel la the Debentures of ibia
BR E AK F AST—SU F FER.


###PAGE###8###
;
*
/ -mme -
'SSSïfw
pany for an act to extend the Mme for coin menelng and completing He ei te union» already author!* d :-(i) from II» promeut terminus at Waltham to HhiiII H to Mario \t» Pembroke, (8) imm It» present terminus »t Walibam lu a north westerly direction 'O a point In the County of Pontiac, and (8) from its present term'iiu* at Aylmer P» a point in Hull, apd thence over the Ottawa ri ver to Ottawa ; and also lor commenclng and complet! n* the bridge» Authorised to be o-m Htructed over the Ottawa Hiver at Allumette Is and ; and for power to build b anche» from Its main line and eau usions ; and lor other purposes.
The Young Men's Liberal Club of Toronto are to banquet Sir Wilfrid Laurier en April 3rd.
)
?
BUY
Jas.B

QD
cü Cases
Perhaps
G
rs
e e # e
It’s worth mentioning that our New Spring Tweeds are all in and ready to shew
now if you think it too early ; but if you look our assortment over it may be easier for you to decide where y u will purchase your spring suit later oti. We have no fear but that you will cune to us, for unquestionably and without any intention of boasting, the assortment and quantity shew and have ill stock would do credit to any merchant taPor in one of the cities.
Fitted with
Kon-Fll-ont
0. S. Dowd’s Column
tkd
A. KKRtltTSON, Solicitor for » Id C«>mn» X Dated this 25t h day of January* I8w.
18
You need not buy one from us
f
x
1 A COMPAGNIE «It* he ml n de fer Pou-IJ Hat el Jouet lun «lu P «nique ••adr* sera mu parlement «lu t'anad . A h* «•mvhHtne Nvw*ion. a il n d'uhientr un av«e iirumgeani les dfllalK notir commette* r et e«»mt*Ujier »?•*»
lirolongeiuetiiH dflJA ituiorleé** (b de *,m 1 *'**" minus noiuel A Wattham J *squ au smu i Mainte Marie via Pembroke, (i) <!«' son lermi mis actuel A Waltham dans une direction ttord-uu ni Jumju’A un point d « n le comte de Pontiac, et Iti) tic son terrai nus actuel A Aylmer Jom|u'A un imiIiii dan* Hull. <‘t «le lit sur la itvière Ottawa Junqi'A Ottawa ; ei #u»sl Dourcommeuiwretc«'inn flier les ponti» dont la ctitiN- ruction « Ml autorisé * Mtr la ri v-ère (mawh A Plie aux Allumette*, et l‘<>ur pourvoir de construire des branches <1«« ¦* ligne prluclpul et de ces t flientiatlons ; et pmi d'au rcsflni
F
"THE LEADING HOUSE ”
It is better to SERVE the public thao to CHEAT It.
It Is better to make a FRIEND of a customer than a VICTIM.
It Is better to HELP one’s patrons than to HURT them.
What is fair and Just to the CONSUMER is best in the long run for the STOREKEEPER.
THIS STORE IS RUN ON THESE
PRINCIPLES.
wo
In the mormons
budnesn dime by
-	The Lending -
-	¦ - Hou»e - - *
la in alwHy* having the RIGHT goods at the right tims and at the right privbh. Our customers know that tin y can always get just what they want here. The Fall and Winter •earon of 1898 will not find urn behind the mark. Every department is now filled with only the best goods desirable for a Canadian winter—Comfortable Furs, Comfortable Clothing Comfortable Bedding, etc , eic., and the prices are aa near right aa the combined effort a of ready money and year* of experience can possibly make them.
The Secret of Success t ;
A. R. McGUIRE,
A. FBltOUHuN, Sollivitviir Ue la Ullv compagnie
l)atflee 25Janvier 1899.
The Tailor,
&


SOODWYIT
A. J. JACK*

The Watchmaker,
AUX I'it I OK, ONT.
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
The Buffilo All-Steel Disc Harrow

This Is i he only Disc Harrow made or sold In Vanad , having independent, adjustable Kprlag pressure upon the Inner ends ol the gang discs, allowing any amount of pressure to be thrown upon the Inner ends of the gangs, by the foot of the «iterator. By this means a perfectly flexible action Is secured noil the ground can be worked to a uniform depth. Examine this Machine carefully and compare It with others.
FOB,
House & Sign Painter, Gilder Glazier. Decorator.
REMARKABLY CHEAP....
The Dress Goods Department.^. •
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY vTTENDKDTO.
\

The 2To. 12 Cultivator
This de|>artmeut is tilled with the latest novelties in plain and fancy Black Good a, ranging from k5 conte per yard to $1 50 per yaid. Colored Cashmeres and Serges in all the desirable colors for this season's wearing.
Scotch and French Plaids in great variety, from 10 cents to 60 cents per yard.
J ESTIMATES EORNl.suED.

><
¦
IS A MARVEL OF SUCCESS. The only Cultivator made that both linen of teeth will cut an even depth In the ground. Examine ii and you will tee wi.y. The only Cultivator wlihu double tooth set mo that the angle of the leetli can be regulated to suit any condition of soil. Fressure can be reguMed to art differ inly on every section requiring It. The teeth are c rrled be ween the wheel» lu* ?i« ad ot trailing behind, mn In other ma chines, thus securing lighter draft. This machine 1» lurnlahed with grain and grans seed box when required It has reversible dta moud steel points for the teeth; also extra wide thistle eut ting point» can be furnished. Examine ll and you will buy no other.

ll
m* iuffru, *au%t ALw :*iu ok haamw
go to
rosilsih! & Graia
FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT
11
IS FACTION GUARANTIED
,1
— - — ( I
Their stock will be found large and second to none in
the county.
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
We have nothing • old to show you
Is the Silk*
jr\ j Department *
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO

# e
The best Drill Made.
SAk Vk*C TÇOW CUiWXAÎCm

Mirmrvd Sideb tard» front 85 80 up.
Cupboards from $3 50 up.
Extension Tables from $4 00 up.
3 piece Bedroom Suit» fiom $7 00 tipV
Double B^ds from SI .45 up, nnd nthei article» too Duunrous to inuutiuxi at like value.
!
Tho Hoosier Neels No Introduction.
Over 4 ¦.CH'O Drills and Se eders o our manufacture In u»i* In Caiimtu. The only Drlu nude with lever tor Instant nod perfect r*g illation of depth of lu e In all kinds of soil, while lea m Is In motion 8<»w* absolutely correct to scale ; h ivee seed.»« every kernel Notice Is hereby given V at the P'*rt Til tllft Is deposited at a proper depth to grow Pur I uershlp heretofore ex.sting between Joseph j ***	kJUOij/AO
ch»»e only I he best and you will besatlsfled H ale and Joseph Phiurde (who carried on a I —^	.
Wens, manufacture Binders. Reapers ear, lave shop I nrhapeau) ha» been dissolved IjGD&rtîIlGIlt " Mowers, K kes, Cultivators and Pulpers, as i,y mutual emsent.	|
good asl he best.	All aevounls owing to the late firm are to
Si nd for IIu>trated catalogue.	| be paid to Joseph Blais, who will collect them
and will pay all accounts owing by the laie
notice and govern themselves am rdlngly.
JOSEPH BLAIS,
JOSEPH PLOUHDK.
Now, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
Â
m
Disioiioo oi Parnerstiip


* :
A

Sr.
rig

You will find an extensive range of Canadian and English flannellcttes from 4 cents to 15 cents per yard.
» AltL+ ^
OFFICE AND SHOW R00MS-—A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING,
NOXON BROS. MFG. CO., (Limited)
INGERSOLL, ONT,, CAN ADA
W- WILSON, Agent
Parties I me rested will please take
SllAWVILLK, OCE
Chapeau. Que., Feo. 16, Is#»
Blankets and Comforters - -
Nexr Dour to Donai.iwun's JewKLLtRY Stori
Main St., - - Shawviile.
BRISTOL MIKES
I The carnival on Monday night last was a decided success. The skaters in c e fume turned out in go id style T.‘ e was a success.	* v« ning b i g fine, a v ry i nj yablo time
Mr. .Iunies Sheffield, of Arnprior, is waa spent hv ail present. 1 hear anothci v isiting his uncle, Mr. D. Craig.- Misses	is	noon to take	place.
I ena Itoss and Annie and Mr. Willie	Miss Borne,	daughter of	the late	John
( raig attended the social here.—Mrs. J. H ngr >se. u* visiting her grandmother Manary of Arnprior is visiting here, also ! Mrs M. Ritiifn.se.
Mr. Bvn Sheffield.	j Agent? are very plentiful in this sec*
.Mr. Wallace ( raig of this place, who tioii, and by the way in which our most has been very ill, is recovering.	j popular u seen getting around, it o
Messrs. Jos. C. Mail ary, Robert Pot- q nte evident that that the Syrians will nr and W m. t raig left I riday for Birtlu, [ soon have ta ta ko u buck seat.
Man., where they intend to remain. A i	Mr Janus Uingrose	has returned	after
number of their friends went to the train j	.*	long winter's	wmk in	tho	woods
to see them off.
Shawvtllc Academy

March 6.—The social at Bristol Mines
Sr Elementary Dept.—February
UNDERTAKING
j We have never shown such gjT - » line of White and Gray I Blankets and Comforters.
Sr Grade 111.—Irene Shaw 1 ; Verna McGune, 2; Berna McOredie, 3; Willie Davis and Luv 1 • Dale (equal) 4 Jr. G.aue 111—Kathleen Wilson, 1 ; P an Burn.ugh«, 2 ; Leonard Wilson, 3 ; Minerva Ca d*wi, 4 Sr. Grade 11—Harry Howe», 1; Jessie H-'dgn.s, 2 ; Ina Swatman, 3 ; Joseph
E Smith
A» u>ual this Branch - f our hubiu-ss » equ'pp d wi'h »| n ce»»Hiy supplies >n cluiiug the best tnnba ming spp iances.
Ladies Woollen Underwear
till v'WVILLE
• e ¦
with, or without sleeves, ribbed or plain, all s-z**. The latest novelties in L «dies Wool, Cashmere and Kid Gloves.

Hair Dressiiifi Parlor
Kn x, 4
Clarendon No.3
Grade IV
MAIN ST., - - SHAW VILLE
1, Lillie Smart ; 2, Her
Mr Robert Stewart, of Rust-bank, arb j oert Smart; 3, XV .lue Bryson; 4, Annn Mr Charles Stewart of Almonte, visited Fuifoid
Mr. John S ewart last wet k.	| Grade III — 1, Gordon Smart;2, Har-
old Enioti; 3, Charlie S<aik. •
Grade II. — 1, Katy Crick; 2, Altie Vlan land; 3, Ciareuce Saiart; 4, May C x; 5, AuieliaStirk.
The Clothing Department# #
KLON HIKE
If you require a H air Cat or shave, x ou • re guarantee l khIImhciou ai the siiawvil-e Hair Dressing Parlour.
Parties wishing to have l heir razors honed or dressed can have Itv m pul In excellent oondltlon for from 15 to 25 cents.
Try my Hair Tonic.
Eavesdropper
U ?CENTRE
Confidence in the clothing department whs established long ago, but will be largely increased when you sow the well made, neat-fitting stylish-looking suits we are selling
at 85.04), 85-00 $8.00 and $10.00.
Mens' fall overeats, equal to tailor-
made, at $5 00 to $10.00. Men's
underwear in all sizes and qualities, and at the very lowest prices.
Those people who last week predicted that spring was at hand must have boon surprised on awaking Sunday morning to
JOHN SMITH I fm<l that six inches of “the beautiful
• had fallen during the night.
Mrs. Olin who has been visiting friends in Arnprior returned home Saturday evening.
Miss Mary Seaman has re-opened her school in Aldfield after two months* holidays.
Grippe is very prevalent in this vicin-__3 he jobbers of Messrs. Davidson and
Clarendon Schools
Primer 11.—1, Russel Dean; 2, Fit ssie FUifurd; 3, Herbert Elliott and Wilfrid dean equal.
Primer I.—Lousia Dean; 2, Freddie Deal).
Board of
„ . Shaw ville, March 4th, 1899. ------ _
J School Commissioners of the Corporation of Clarendon met this day, Members present; Ralph Hodgins, chairman; Coin's Robert Smart, James Armstrong and Thomas Prendergast.
Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by Thomas Prendergast, sec-
ended by James Armstrong that the min- Grade IV. 1, Lima Uobtn; and Et utes of last meeting as now read be and | * Laughreu tqua.;2, Mabel Stanley; o,
are heieby confirmed.— Carried.	: *>	-
VVllann c- \ r	,1 -il 1	1 Moved by James Armstrong seconded Guide 111.	1, Harriet Sranly; 2, Lila
Wilson A Argue in this neighborhood by Thus. Prendergast that W. A. Hod- lv1urpky ; 3, James Hamilton, auaCiemmu
hive finished their seasons hauling __________j t  u..	?i.,.;.. i.;n I Lauuhien « uual
There are about eighteen thousand saw logs and a 1 of pulp and ties to be Quyon the coming spring.
fNOttawa^
Fioka Currie, Teacher.
Business College.
(Established 32 years.)
No. 13 Clarendon
The Delecacies of the Table#
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
Groceries |
Fall term romm-'iCut ugust ’.Mb. A per- I tty m lient «taflT or lour *¦ xix*»• J*• need i«b e ex -perl lHnvherH ; thirty two years of uninterrupted Hucce»-. ; belli* endorsed t>y the lead-in* bu>liies.H ano p ofe«Ptonai men of in* Capital ; each icrado’ite Killing l he Dip oiiim of the- HusliifH* r,<iuralors* AKwoclut on m Canada ; ihesuroes» of our gradual** (l kn> are to be found t-very tvherr) are points lor your consideration. S. nd for new Vataiuyue. |
hauling. inR an(j jliH Wilson be paid their bill Laugbseu . qual
or twenty I of repairs on School No. 5, $13.35 as well	,	P .,
a large quantity ^ $if00 ^ Mr McArthur for furniture *	3. Louisa Moore.	\
floated down the 8upplied for ^id schools.-Carried.	u (,,uUv * L Harry Horner; 2, Garnet | BOOtS aiKl SüCQS
---------------------------FlDDLOSTK’KS
Giade 11. -1, Laurence Horner; 2,
ijiiicijsj, Aiiieud IViipn.	0
_______ ____ ____ _______ | Conduct.—Juints McDowell; 2, Mabel
are hereby asked for, for the building „f Stanly; 3, Maria Smith, six woodsheds at the following respective Attendance. 1, Euie Laughren; 2, schools, to wit : 2, 4. 10, 11, 12and 13.	[f,,a Laughren; 3, Lua Murphy;	4, E;hel
Tenders for any or all will be received up	Hamilton; &, Laura Uobiu; 0,	James
to Saturday, 1st day * of April, 1899, at I Hamilton.	I
Dear Edito-.—Seeing that you have I the hour of ten, a. m. The plan and had no correspondent in this section of | specification can l>e seen at the Sec-.
bite, l shall end-av-.r to write a few items j rotary Treasurer’s office at any time, also	Clarendon, No. 5.
that may be of interest to your reader».	removing the earth out of	the lwsement	Grade	IV.—1, Garnet Armstrong;	2,
A very quiet weddiugr took place on	out of School house No. 1,	to make room	Garfield	II dguis; 3, Nellie H dgtns.
Wednesday of last week, thi» contracting	for a furnace, at so much a cubic yard.—	Grade	111. —1, G«u field Hodgins;	2,
pirties were Mr. W. L. H ultfitis of th e Carried.	L rena Barber; 3, Herman Wneou.
*	ction,	eon of	Mr.	Adam	H	idgins	of	Moved by Jar. Armstrong seconded by	Grade II.—1, Gerald Hudgitie;	2, Eieie
Cl irendon,	and	Miss	E	ta	Rulum,	young-	! Robert Smart that the Sec.-Treasurer	Morrison; 3, Eva Morrison,
vit daughter of Mr. Wm. Bulam of Bry-	Imî and is hereby further	instructed to	Grade	11, Junior.—1, George Whelan;
collect	t	even j 2, Bubble Hodgins.
necessary.—
Moved, seconded and carried that we
Hugh Mathrson,
Treasurer.
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
You’ll be glad if you do and sorry if you don't visit our shoe depart, ment, and get our prices on all updo date goods. Our store is filled from floor to ceiling with the very latest in Fall Footwear, for ladies and children, men and boys. Our stock is admired by all. Our sales are large, and this year will be a record breaker.


PATENTS
MURRELL.
J. G. Steven, Teacher
\
x
PROMPTLY SECURED

Write for our interesting books “ Inventor's Help" and "How you are swindled. Bend us a rough sketch <y modi ! of j\ ur invention or improvement and wc will tell you fr e our opinion ns to whether it is probably patentable. Wc make a specialty of application.: rejected In other hands. Highest reference furnished.
MARION 6t BEAR ION
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Engineers, Graduate# of the 1‘o.yteciinic h.chool of l’nyim erln*. Jiachcl ore lu A,n> l«*d Sclencae, Lav.il Vnlvertlty, Mvrobcrs Valent t. iw AsaorUtlon A iw-ilcan Water Work#
A «ociatlon. N w Knuhvi.l Water Work# A*«oc. I*, q. Km vyors Aseo< latloo, /-»soc. ateuibcr Caw. BoJvty of Civil Kmrlnovr#.
< NEW YORK LIKE BID'C., MONWAl M*. k CFF.CtS. -, ATUIIT,o SUILDDIC., WASHIHCTOW, D O. (

¦ - THE LEADIH6 HOUSE - -
H. S. DOE ¦ - - QDYflN.
son
Mus M
Cimpbell of Campbell’s
Biy, visited the Misses Smiley la«t
week.
La grippe is very prevalent in tl.n i locality at present.
, Miss Cameron, <,f Csmpbel/s B y is
j visiting fnende in ti is s c'ior.
J. Currie, Teacher

adjourn
John Laughren, M. L. A. for Nipis* »ing, is likely to becuna registrar for Aus’ralia is reported to be suffering from that distnet, so thinks the North Bay I a devastating drought.	I Times.
Sy
»

In.
!


A

