###PAGE###1###
/
H
s 1.00 a Y ë a it in Advance.
lSîlif
THURSDAY. 0(T
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
•>
SHAW VILLE,
No. 14 -r-17 i ii Yeah
n of Into years, ttifying degree, .uv.asoviilvntf liv *("/.int to poultry
which has hvcn <. till continues t ami to a marked extent al Maine advancement with of which there was a eh
no that w more prêt
Oooooooooooooooooo
5
BANK OF OTTAWA
o
gl
1 SUS FAIR.
A CLOTHING TALK.
Ilvad Ollive Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . 81,000,000 00 Uoit . ..............81,170.000.00
OF CANADA.
- $6,000,000 - 2,600,000
%
O
1
...WATCHED WEATHER SPOILS
A PROMISING r.tCvfD-OnEAKIKC EXHIBITION.
hll
I
O
CAPITAL - -RESERVE FUND,
Head Office, - Montreal.
Hoard of Directors : Chaules Maoeb, Esq., President Geobob Hay, esq.,Vice-President
Ho*. Oh». 1 ht y son. Jh Alex. Ehaslii, Buy ,
ind eu tiun.
O
O O O
O
O
lire f the S
xti-nt <«l admitting the | exhibition hall before •nvludi 1 their labors tl
in, and although it was the means of
t unpi*o|»itioiiH, and toting and hampering that work s
loomy and discouraging, what, the privilege was fully and sin
rs after duo deliberation, do ; L appointed
Since la t
the wet went In r, tl 1 an tin win tun law
< luu
QOOOGOOOOOO
John Matiirr, Phq..
Davm MacLaiun, Esq.,
I
qur clothing department is
now ready for inspection. Every line is complete in the newest and best goods, from the leading makers in America.
toi
i
cioty to tli lie to lit
—O
f tliu Coun
, . N
Hennis Murphy, Eh
mial exhibit
The 43rd
ty of Pontiac Agricult did not cum* date arranged on which it was to he held
With weathei the prosj the dll
KIIA1VVII.LL HRANCH,
General Manager, ..	.. Manager,
0COROF BURK D. M. FINNIC
A GENERAL HANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED,
1
Money Ion nod on approved security at reasonable rate*.
Farmers note* bought find collect* d.
Mon* y transferred to all part A of t lie world.
HAVINGS RANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards aud Interest allowed.
Il'I
1
t 111
1*0
if on Wedi
I
in the Pomln-
Dnfl i i-tannl on nil Dunking po'nle Ion, United Ktafe# un i Great Britain.
Notes and With collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit It rates.
Sums of $1 and upwards received 1 i P.ivlrgs l>e pertinent. Interest credited half yearly.
Oinve Hours 10 a. in. to 8 p. m. Saturday 10am
ltd at current
lid'iti"ii a v went lias I,<-«•11 made in the interior of
mi|
cided on irust|>oning tho fair till Friday the 20th, in hopes that during tho intei
val “ OM Prolm ” would be propitiated the Inrgo building, >»y the flooring and
finishing <»tf "f the fit cond storr v, ' hu
10 A.M. TO 8 r.M.
10 A M. TO 1 I’.M.
F. A. PARK Kit.
Manager
Office Horns Saturdays .
f
to I». III.
and a mure favorable state of things privai).
P,ut in this they were doomed to fording double the space provided last
most vexai tous disappointment, for had year; ye! tin- l-a.-.ing »<i had the gi*»imd
had as Hat to the Methodist congregation for
m so curtailed the space tli
IVJEN’S OVEgCO^TS & ULSTERS in right materials, MEN’S P. COATS,
MEN’S SUITS, good, heavy sensible Clothing,
BOYS’ OVERCOATS and SUITS.
Have you tried Dowd's “ High Loaf Flour ?
We feel iitu quarreling with the Arn-prior Watchman for crediting that choice bear story of our's to tho Bryson Advocate; but av it ia our cotem’e first offjnco, bhall let him slide for this time. There are to be no repititions, however; do more re pit i tiens, or—! ! !
Mr. It. A. Millions, of the Aylmer Review, attended the Chapeau Fair on Tuesday in the capacity of poultry judge. If first subjected to the process of stewing, we nave no doubt our confrere could place a very fair estimate on the relative qualities of fowls; but with the feathers oil — well that s a different mat-
LOCAL NEWS.
they accepted existing conditions
they were—on Wednesday, the chance* dlnm
are they would havehad a larger attendance ^,e ul,iM'r ^lilM |M be » neronehed upon than that which mustered on tho latter , admit of the fruit, dairy and leather
exhibits. This occasioned trouble for the
Arc you using Dowd's Flour !
The weekly morning services at St. Paul's church have been discontinued till next spring.
wo
date; and this was the only element re «piired to make the enterprise a most un qualified success a first class fair with the Secretary up to Tuesday evening were several hundreds in excess of the number taken at former exhibitions; The membership roll showed an appreciable increase, and tho prospective exhibits in many cases promised to be of an improved character.
Rut again the weather, that unfortunate bugbear of all exhibitions, hacl to be reckoned with, and it proved a “ dcadener ” to the whole business. Wednesday’s vagaries in this regard were simply not in it with the program special ly prepared for Friday. From early till noon a ceaseless down-
ladies, whoso department, ever expand ing with exquisitely wrought untouch
Uov. W. Filzre^nld lias succeeded Rev. Mr. Plaisted in tho Pastorate of Onslow Parish.
Everything pointed t
The entries recorded 1-bleH- was again handicapped fur display
( hi this account stacks and stacks
CHILDREN’S Reefers and Suits,
Mr. John Iiorner, of Rtdford, ia tho latest in this section to invest in a complete new steam threshing out tit.
A good thing to keep your pants in shape are those pant-stretchers that A. R. McQciRE sells.
room
of articles were piled up in dazzling con fusion, and there was no remedy for it.

all sizes, styles and prices.
There was a fine exhibition of harness and boots, conspicuous among the latter being a display by Mr. C. McColgan, the veteran shoe-man of Quyon, and Mr. Jack Johnston, of Sliawville.
In butter and cheese there was a large and creditable exhibit, in which the element of competition was keen, while the products of the busy been were in abundant an tempting evidence this exhibit was a display of home-made pickles which if appearances would be taken as an index of merit, were certain-
tor
Mr. and Mrs. B Rainville, of Bryson, the death of their infant eon, who Monday of last week.
Complaints come to us from subscribers, who receive their mail outside of the village, that they get their copy of Tiie Fqvity very irregularly, although, in some eases, they have had unnmtakeable evidences of the paper having reached their post office. W e trust this may not occur again, otherwise we she have to gut the inspector to investigate.
mourn
passed away on
. Ladies ! have buttons to match your dre,s by getting A. U. McGuire to cuver
them.
THE REASON WHY
Our clothing trade is steadily growing : Buyers realize that we sell only the best goods, and at a reasonable price. “ Look into this ” and examine our goods before buying your winter requirements.
Early dosing of our village stores terminated last week, and the man who leaves off his shopping till after nightfall more happy.
Alongside of
is once
Heavy Fine.—On Thursday of last week, Mr. N. McCuaig, game warden, morn
charged Théophile Gauthier, of Aid field, pour of rain prevailed. Tho visitors from
Sfi ‘T.r.ï.ï ” *'h‘„	*«*
hearing the case, imposed# tiueof$D0.00 to rml, the inclemencies uf the prevwiw	piano & Organ V
tzzsxisr.z'zz.................** ^
which tho owner t.f the animal prided m transport. Of course furthci postpone- ^	agent for the D. W
leaving in its natural uncombed state, ments were out of tho question, ami ram	urovided a similar attraction in the
esse
jrick-knife, as you may sec, said Walker, |truly embraced a tv'X'm.v pc 1 pkI. k j- j Combined these exhibits were holding up the mutilated member to the half-hearted way in which exhibitors , ^	addition to the attractiveness of
sympathetic gaze of The Equity on lul-s- straggled into the grounds and arranged
their .....de, WWW W. the
ional occupant for some time to c
On Tuesday, 22nd hist., Judge Li-
short adj turned
Never were the village streets j wretched condition than on fair day result of tho heavy rain fall and in
in a
ly first-class.
Mr. W. H. Ralph, <»f the it. 8. NVil
Toronto
more
as a H creased traffic
Messrs. A. N. Wilson and T. II. Argue
.....O. irr. inti» till* llllloWOod
preparing to go into the pu Ip wood business again and will soon be inviting to enter into contracts for the
musician on hand
are
Mr. Walker Fletcher, of Yarm, has a
parties
same.
Mr. J. R.
Earn
gzgr The Shawville Marble and Granite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turnsout a superior class of work in Mon uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
o o o
J. H. SHAW.
Dr. Stackhouse, sr., Surgeon Dentist, will be at Shawville on Tuesday. October 10 h; Campbells’ B.iy, on Wednes day, Oct. 11th.
the exhibition so far as the contents of
the hall were concerned, keen competitive interest which usually ^ interesting angle of the second flat
prevails, was lacking. Yet despite this vvaH that devoted to works of art such as
fact, exhibits of all kinds and in large oilpiinting on glass and canvas, India
and when the whole was complete it v,as 1 exhibit of fruit was scarcely up to
really surprising how good a display do- tjie marfc 0f previous exhibitions, the
v el oped as the result of sheer pluck and falling off being duo to the failure of the
especially apples, in the County
UNDERTAKING.—Tho undertaking equipment of Cuthbertaon & Graham is second to none in the district, and a 1 orders receive prompt attention at moderate charges.
me
vergue presided over
of the Superior Court at Bryson, the principal business being tho render-
The Thanksgiving service at St. John’s Dagg is to pay five years’ rent to his Church Clarke’s, will be held on Friday brother Richard, the value of tho im-t‘venin" of this week—Oct. fith. The prorements, in tho judge’s opinion, ex ppv T L Flanagan will he the special ceedmg the amount of rent by about
,b. —
About noon on Saturday and again on Sunday morning snow fell here, but to extent not worth mentioning m com-pinson with the 0-inch fall which the citizens of London. Ont., had to flounder through on Saturday.
' In connection with the Harvest Festive of St. Paul’s Church, a social gathering will bo held in Elliott’s Hall on Wed nesday evening, Oct. 11th; to begin at , p. ra. Admission, 10 and lo cte. A
cordial welcome for all.
Additional Local News on 8tq page.
A good thing the educational authorities of the province have done this year, is the making of a reduction in the grant to the universities, and applying the amount to the school funds. By this ar-
PERSONAL
session
Miss Jean Melrose, of Montreal, was the guest of Mrs. Dr. Alexander last week.
Mrs. James McDonald, of Eauclaire, Ont., was visiting at Mr. Alex. McDon* aid’s for a few days last week.
rangement the Shawville Academy will receive this year the sum of $300.00. Last year the grant was $225.00.
crop
ar.
The horticultural	contained much
before there was any appreciable tjiat v/iw admirable in the line of huge
., and required mature judgments in making the awards.
There was also a large grain exhibit, the samples in which compared favorably
with former years.
The agents’ display of machinery not as large as usual, owing Largely to the indisposition of agents to expose their implements to the wet weather. Carriages and vehicles of all kinds, however,
were well represented.
The absence of shelter for stock told
considerably against their appearance after being exposed to a drenching for several hours. It is hoped before another exhibition comes ofl fcae directors will discover a plan of supplying the modation required in this connection; although the financial falling off at the late fair scarcely warrants its realization. Like other enterprises, agricultural exhibitions must have the “ sinews of to keep them in a state of progression, and where these are lacking, needed improvements must only continue in abey-
unce
Fakirs and all that ilk of imposters, who are usually conspicuously evident at gatherings of tho kind, had neither lot nor part in the Shawville fair, a wise provision of the Society excluding them from die grounds. But of edibles, fruit, cun fectionery, etc., there was ample provi-
persistency
It was about half past one in tho after
Mrs. T. E U idgine, of Quyon, was the guest of Mrs. Dr. Alexander and Mrs. At a recent examination of McGil 1 ni- y Armstrong last week.
for two years. Mr. McNaughton was ^[r Thos. A. Elliott, of Buffalo, N. Principal of Shawville Academy for two Y., is enjoying a visit to his relatives in years, and is a brother of Dr. McNaugh- tiiis neighborhood .
tun of this village.	e
In the same connection we note, with pleasure that Mr. J C. Seaman, of Leslie (Diocesan College) won a first year exhibition scholarship; amount $125.U0.
noon
movement on the part of the crowd, which by that hour had assembled, in the direction of the grounds. The rain had then spent itself out, apparently, and only a slight drizzle con also in time ceased, and t lie afternoon be-safe enough to venture out without the acquisition of a mackintosh or on umbrella
the work of judging the poultry, cattle, sheep one swine had Been taken up and concluded, notwithstanding that the task under the circumstances was anything
carrots, (niions, etc
Plowing Match.
The plowing match in connection with Agricultural Society No. 1, will be held the farm of Mr. Lolin Lawn, Upper Litchfield, on Wednesday next, October 11th.
inued; but this
an
was
came
On Tuesday, we had a friendly call from the Rev. J. L. Flanagan, who with his wife and family are visiting relatives and acquaintances in this section.
on
Pervious to this, however,
Apron and Neck-tie Social.
Under the auspices of Peerless Lodge, No. 44, I. O. G. T., an Apron and Necktie Social will be held in Peerless Hall, (formerly No. 1 school site,) Bristol, on Wednesday, Oct. lltlr, 1899. A good program, consisting of readings, recitations, dialogues and music may he expect ed. Doors open at 7 p. m. Entertain; ment to commence at 7 30. Admission-gentlemen lOcts; ladies free. Proceeds in aid of tho building fund.
pas» mm
1 Thursday, Oct. S, St. Matthew'», North Onslow, at 10.30, a. m;St. George s, Thorne Centre, at 7, p.m. Friday, Oct. 0 St.
James', Leslie, at 10.30, a. m. ; St Stephens,
Thorne West, 7, p. m. Sunday, Oct. 8, bt-James*, Bryson, 10.30, a. m.; St. John s,
North Clarendon, 7 p.m. Thursday, Oct 12 St. Barnabas, Bristol mines, 2.30, p. m.
St. Thomas, Bristol Corners, 7. p. m
He will also preach the Harvest Festival at Shawville on Wednesday, Oct.
but pleasant.
Sharp after dinner the judges of horseflesh began the arduous duties assigned to them, and this work occupied their time till five o’clock. The exhibit under this head— especially that of one and two year-old colts—was by all odds the best that has ever been made here, the opinbeing general that a better lot of colts would he hard to produce anywhere, while the fact indicates that farmers
the direction of supplying
Notice.—A meeting of the Pontiac Teachers’ Association will be held in Shawville Academy on Saturday, Oct 7th 1899. at 2. 30 p.m. Messrs. Armi tage and Vaughan will give papers foresting subjects.
accom
He Wants the Earth
on in
war
An American millionaire is reported to be anxious to secure a 1200 mile game preserve somewhere in tho neighborhood of tho.Ottawa valley. It is probable he will be directed to the Gatineau region.
were in
The Government engineers Portage last week for the purpose of locating the new interprovincial bridge, for which 820,000 from the Federal, and $5,000 from the Governments of Ontario and Quebec have been secured.
The annual Harvest Festival and Thanksgiving Service will be held in Paul’s Church, in this village, on Veines
Robinson, of Clarencevillo.
ion
The Ottawa auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society, held its annual meeting in the Methodist church here, on Friday evening last. Owing to the un pleasantness of the evening, tho gither-ing was comparatively small, but repre sentative. Secretary Ireland's report showed that, financially, the year just closed, gave a perceptible increase over the previous year. Ail tho old ofibers again re-elected for the ensuing year, with the exception of Mr. S. U. Me Dowell, who has left this section. His place was filled by Mr. George U Me D>weii
di-pensed with, the agent of tho Society, Rev. Mr. Campbell, gave a very instruc tive and interesting address ou the pro gross made by the Society since its organization, and the work it is doing in foreign lands, and concluded with a series of “ magic lantern ” views, descriptive of a trip from London to India, which also included views of many of the most prominent temples, cathedrals and cities of Europe, and, as well, peculiar characters of some of the Indian tribes, amongst whom the Society has workers.
are
Church Services.
Anglican Services.—St. Paul's Church, Shawville : Sunday morning, 10.30 ; even-0.30. Friday evening 7. 30.
SiiAV/viLLEMimionisTCnvRCH.—Morn-
service, 10.30 ; evening service 7.00.
Epworth League—Monday, 8.00, p.m. Ladies* Prayer Meeting—Tuesday, 7.30. Regular Prayer Meeting—Friday, 7.30.
Presbyterian—(Masonic Hall, Rev. Mr. Back) Sunday. 10.30, a.m.
moving in themselves with a superior class of ani-Tho usual interest which marks
sermon 11, at 10.30, a. in
mais
ing,
the speed competitions, was not wanting
when the single and double roadsters and 1 rpjie ]ar,,0 discrepancy in the gate re saddle horses were called into the ring to ceipt« thia year—the amount taken be
that the contestants did not appear to recourg0 to the provisions of Rule 22 of the advantage they would have under the Society, which reads thus In
performance in the horse ring was the the prizes in full, payment shall be contest for the Merchant’s Bank special, mAtle in such percentage as the funds
wherein the unhitching ami hitching up	’MC(MMfulpriz, .inner,, be-
act had to be performed twice y *	. very lergrhy, was received too late to
drivers while the race was in progress.	at>j0 u* to publish it this issue. Thos
*• ZP " srlsurtta STJi —
The Sparling Case
mg
sum
were
A report is current that a special term of the Court will be held at Bryson this month, for the re-tiial of Mrs. Sparling, and that the Crown will produce some new evidence in the case.
It is reported from Bryson, however, that none of the officials at the < ourt House have any knowledge of a special of the court being held this
Excavation began on Monday morning for the basement of a new building which Mr A. R McGuire intends to erect on
£££ ¦waf
ing will be a large sized frame structure, and veneered with brick.
After routine business had been
Breakfast, Dints a revelation in dc-
XGENTS ;—Our book ner and Supper, lightful cookery. It’s the l>est advertised, most patronized, least criticised and most eulogized. A snap for snap
R*v. Dr. Williams, of Montreal, preach ed to a large congregation in the Methodist church here on Sunday evening, and
cS'f'SSs
SS'S
object mentioned.
session
month J	LI
A later rumor says there is a probability of a special session of the Criminal Court being held in Hull shortly for the
ig both the Boileau and d thus save considerable
hunters.
BRADLEY-GARRETSON CO., Lt d ,
Brantford.
I
purpose of
earn»
an
grounds, viz	mÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ |
showed that the process of improvement j
1


	
###PAGE###2###
markh meldan, which I» the great square in Teheran where the annual
....	,	.	military manoeuvres take place. There
XN hat a mad look Twiggina always	a very tall gallows had been erected,
ham I Yes; for years ho ham wanted tv minor OFFENSES MEET WITH MOST the evident object of the authorities keep chickens and his wife won't let	PROMPT RETALIATION	being to have the victim high up jn
by the thoumandm who would surely to witness the unusual spectacle.
Surrounded by soldiers, the prisoner was led out at sunset, and in a few
« tl ,	.	.. The Delightful #"r«ee»* of "tiuehlw* minutes he was hanging high above
ur	kîi ~ ~ stjùX'i&z.'rxi .rwLZz ?,»«: « BSHi'HrEvSB
all there is.	few persons have any conception of the	apparently rather awestruck. Then	pum nnd Gallery In Rome for 3,000,000
Soiled Sammy—Me	pore	ole	mudder,	precise manner in which evil-doers are	they went their way, leaving only »	francs, to be paid In	ten annual In-
few soldiers to guard the dead.	Htalments.
To Kurojieuus and Americans the German huer is being driven out of . . pu ni.shinent in volue In Persia seems ¦¦	¦¦¦¦ lily mutilation. Fof »• unnecessarily eroel, but Persian offi
Watts—What was the worst storm first offense a highway robber may lose rials maintain that, while milder pun you ever encountered f N Pvck-1 think 8ome of hia fingerfl for bia second he ishment may prove satisfactory as d^ it blew at the rate of about 800 words	.	.	.	,	.	• rnull terrents in a civilized country, tmy .
a minute.	luay 1080 a “an“* an(l lf 18 r	would prove of no avail in a country	Count Munster’s new	title to Furst
Is thon- any monov	in	mixed	drinks/	em,uKh to commit a third offense be	^ he re many of the people ars uncivil	Munster-Derneburg.	so that the
.... ' -............T........r	m-sSSsSSt	2
have turned to tragedy. It was at a the julep is a regular mint.	80 ns are punished m this way e\er> tjea <hfiy |K,int out that persons may Ad(>ir von	P .
time of serious disturanees in the col- The Citizen—Ever notice how a po- year, and one of the first things that travel through most parts of thecoun- recently had a had fall at Kissingeu,
¦"	ssz t ssn |££F	ESt
when he isn t maimed and half blind poisons whom	,	A newspaper printed on tte excur-
sion steamer Ophir, the Weekly Mail,
published one mmber in 80 degrees % minutes north latitude, and claims the irocord of publication further north than any other journal.
A five-year-old boy of Brentwood
has received the Jtoyal Humane So-
for jumping into the
FALL FUN.
won the love of a man who had become so illustrious.
The probability is that Bismarck at least did not spend muck time brooding over the mit ter, for he was not a man of a sentimental nature. and,
furthermore the great work which occupied him left him no leisure to lin-1 Father—So you have decided to be gar over the memory of this strange come an artist f Son—Yes
episode in his life.	Well, I have no objections if you don't
Although she was six years younger | draw on me Josepha died before Bismarck, passing
PUNISHMENT IS PERSIA
f
U
WHAT IS 001 Ntl ON IN THE FOUR CORNERS OF THE GLOBE.
l)ld Bismarck ever bave a serious love affair before he met the lady who became his wife? This question has often been asked, yet only now can any definite answer be given to it ffhis is strange in view of the fact that numerous biographies of the great Chancellor have been published, in none of which is much light thrown on this point. It is learned from these books that Bismarck’s youth was rather tempestuous, and it can be inferred hat he had a keen eye for a pretty girl, but one does not find therein any account of the following remarkably romantic episode in his life.
This episode wws first published in a book entitled "Gaddings with a Primitive People,’* which appeared in London some time ago. For some reaeon it did not attract much attention, but now some leading German editors have discovered it, and they are giving wide publicity to the story it contains of Bismarck's first love affair.
According to the author of this book, who is an English tourist, Bismarck went in 1841 to Mitterbad, a resort noted for its medicinal waters, and he liked the place so well that he returned the following year and spent many weeks there. He was then a stalwart young man, exceedingly courtly in manner, and he naturally attracted much attention from all the guests, who had gone there for rest or to take the waters. On no one. however, did he make such an impression us he did on Fraulein Joseph* Holzner, daughter of /lerr Joseph Holzner, he proprietor of the Mitterbad baths, and one of the richest busi-
» hlrh Is Fur On I of Fr#peril*» !•
come
Father
Crime Commuted, While FrleuUUli To Hares Wnll for Srrlum Oiîeiiden»
Old end Now World BvoaU of Inferos! Chronicled Bristly—Interesting Happenings el Rocs a! Dele.
ttWR
she
Italy has bought the Borgbese Mug-
father. Herr Holzuer, died many years years were not very prosperous.
and it is said that his latter

she hum's seen me face for twenty punished
For ordinary crimes the punishment in Persia ia I
year-—Languid Luke—W ua that the last time ye washed it?
THE VIGILANT SENTRY.
Formosa by the produot of Japanese breweries, which is cheaper end better suited to the climate.
Kaiser Wilhelm has changed
on
burrow laenpe of a government Olllflnl
In Hrlllhli €•1111111 i.
Mr. Henry Kiike, formerly an official in British Guiana, high in the colonial relates an adventure, the com
se r n ice
the larger cities tioti hid been taken against a fresh! he is always around
wanted
they meet.
word and a countersign, and the sen-1 Mrs. \\ inn XX ouldn t you like t«> seel jf a l>Tj8()ner	not confess his
tries received strict orders to shoot any! u.y new hat, John i Mr. XX inn, su» pris wrong doing he is punished with the
one who attempted to pass withoui ed.-Um-why-y-yeB. Mrs. W.- So bastinado. His hare feet are tied to giving the word	would I, dear. Give me $14 and 1 11	...... . . .	, . +
That .night, says Mr. Kirke, 1 had show Ju’u one.	" I”l« which is fixed to two uprights,
been dining out of town, and was re Mrs. Love-Harry Homeworth s deathh,nd while in that uncomfortable posi-
der. and cried out :	wife's watch	cient to extract a confession of some L|(Hvn s hilt (Tltis is placed on one or youngest certificated
l'wsl’ snmmUut startled for I bad	' y°“	t0	sort' but if thp Prisoner's soles arc ex-	blockM> and brought to the finish-
forgotten the	sen.ries,	ami	what	was	tbe	nrw	1 ul<>8	y°U	lre	«ptionâllj tough or his spirit is an-	^ sh,iw by m„,ma of htMlt applied by	India has passed a law by which
of	much	more	importance.	1	had	for	read any	iwstal cards, and, second, you USUiUly stubborn more severe measures	imns ^ the different parts of the	press despatches are protected by
gotten the password. 1 knew that the must not dispatch any postal cards are taken. Thus the assassin of the	f f	, thickness the copyright for thirty-six hours after
.....fefSèr	siJrjsrsst.w&sE
,o„u.„ 1.... w.	-	rr	% ks.1'" °*»
d ion e. siou uni im-	^ ,	feivnt sections of the hat are being Princes» Isabelle o»f Orleans, third
DEATH BY GATCHING.	finished. It is in this special localiza-1 daughter of the Comtesse de Pane
In cases of serious crimes décapita-	tion of heat that electric heating is	ulut sister of the French pretender, is
tion is the usual punishment. The exe-	0f particular ewrvioe. Formerly two	engaged to her first cousin, Frince
cutioner is supposed to hack the vie-	(>f irons were used in hat mak- Jean of Orleans, younger son of the
Urn's head off with a sharp knife, but	ing; one heatci by a redUvH slug,
this he seldom does, preferring to open	,,„d tbe othar by gas jets. In Ihe first	Adrieanti Lecouvreur, the actress,
two or three veins of the throat with	caa„, lhe iron was likely to be at near-	Luried Moretly un the banks of
his knife and let the condemned man	ly all vm,.s	either too hot or too cold	^	an(, a„ trace o( her grave
bleed to death.	With gas. it	was ewn more difficult to I M lo9t	It hua juaL been found in
On extraordinary occasions death is	localize* the	heat, and the user had to	cellar	of a house in the Hue de
inflicted by " gatching.”	This	most	be breathing noxious fum *s. The	Grenelle, covered by a marble slab
cruel mode of punishment, after	being!	great heat thrown off added to the	bearing au inscription that leaves no
un!hfaithfulness of the occupation. | j(>ubt as to its authenticity, while in warm weather it was almost
Electric heat, on the con
outbreak Mr. Kirke had issued a pass
ELECTRICITY IN HAT-MAKING.
II lln* Wrest ly Reduced llie €o*l «f M«nw
Oicf lire.
Electricity has greatly reduced the cost of hat manufacture. In th*\ first
1
•<n
believed to be tbe life-saver on
lie i
reooru
<
ricans
Indian regiment, and who were noted j % tell you. observed Mr. Oldhunks, for their strict obedience to order,. So wh() wM in a muraiizing frame of mind I knew that if this sen: y Had wvn I takes a great deal of courage to say
EH™ swœart
I attempted to temporixe.	| Oldhunks.
• Look here, my mm. ' I said, “you Yabeley—The amount of time you hate
know me *	put in dodging about that fellow you
was ntturally not without suitors, but “ XVhat de word shouted the sen-1 wf the five is WOrth more than the
•he dismissed them all as soon as she ! try. rattling his ai m. I hat u as ju> nioney Mudge—I know it is, but 1
Bismarck, on his part, was not blind minute ; so I made an undignified j L path* rs tone touu. Bo 1 H MW u hat a charming girl she was. strategic movement to the rear, so ns him a quarter, bow many fellows have
¦11*
plEEÜllf:
vowed that nothing but death should SPnt'^' part them	gggggg#
Hvdsl. who had long been attached to th.*. Holzner family, was of great assistance to them during these critical da vs.
mess me* in the Tirol. Fraulcin Josephs, being a very pretty girl and the beloved daugh er of a wealthy man.




in abeyance /or nearly half a century, was revived a few years ago by the unbearable
Governor of Shiraz, H-Ii.H. Huhkn-ed trary, is led just wlv*re it is wanted,
and, practically, none of it escapes outward.
tjie block, the wot km in closes a switch was increasing throughout the cuuu-j at hiH bench. [This gives the proper
try. and he resolved to suppress it by heat for the pressing of the heavier ug(>_ _
inflicting upon any notorious crirnin-	portions of the hit. When they are	cord of 2,739 runs had stood	for
al who uiight be caugut one of the	gon * over, h > ur ent is turned o f ; n I	twenty-five years.
most horrible deaths that can be im- the temperature gradually lowers as Count Foutalba, Portuguese Am,	.,h Q„ nh,Pnr agined.	the crown is approached. The curling baS8.ldl>r to tbe Court of Vienna, die-
EEHBB SùEïHra-s BBEHEE™ nz
not popular with me.	well lbe prisoner is’ put, sometimes: it is expeditiously done by pressing	WBy in	an	old-fashioned	state	coach,
Her Father—Before I consent	to	the	with his head downward, at others wih the edge of the hat agi n*t an elect n-	drawn	by	four gayly	caparisoned
" -, **««-“• > s	5te turti ttra&rs
know what your resources are.	me	between each basketful water is pour-1 hit is blocked, and on it is placed n	mike ihe journey
Suitor—Oh. as to that, they are	splen-	ed down tbe wejp As a result the pad of asbestos, in which is imbedded
The German Emperor I kes	to	study	did. Tb re isn't a wealthy	man of my	- gatch”	swells and as it hardens dr-	an electric resistance. The pad
the	characters of his group	of	smtll	acquaintance from whom	I haven't	eolation	of the blood stops, causing	with its nicely	graduated apportion. ,	.	. succeeded in borrowing money.	most intense agony. The fiist riciims ment of heat, is left there until the to be
He not only kept careful guard while	sons, and to	that end has g	ven th m	Tom __LeVs see. I believe you owe	selected by the Governor for this pun-	work is done. The percentage of hats	seventy-one marriageable young	wo-
they were together in the woods or in	a room next	to the one	used	for bust-	' You remember when you	ishment met their death on May 10,!	injured in process of finishing ia said	men belonging to reigning families
Seoir other secluded place, but he also	purposes for h mself. A certain	. .	.	. his* writ 1886. They were five m number, and to be markiwily less where electric heat
a grateful smile from the girl, whom	ivft his hat ia the adjoining vestibule,	rowed it. I knew he	wouldn't send	t.harge again8t them	being that they
he had known since she was a baby.	xhere the little brothers discovered it,	any ; I haven't heard	from him yet.	had failed to pay their taxes.
to a man of noble descent like himself,	old gentleman a new	hat	with bis	ter l asked the old gentleman. You	offeied him a	, nd ac_	authority says that
He muet indeed have known that many	small pocket	money.	know, she has pretty expensive tastes	centM it eairerlv. Meanwhile a troop	meth-^ls of producing sleep are a mis-
OI lus friends would consider the pro-	?	and I don’t mind saying that the bur- of* ^idlers stood around in a circle, take.m and the very fact of a person
this con™Utorrfion did Tot deter him	A MILITARY DOG	times^TMt’s jwVt	im- pressing b?ck tbe eager and impet" ^xng especially anxious to sloe,, is
(or a moment. He was in love, and.	One of the moat popular charaeters	e(|“bp .,rosp,,ctive benedict. If I mar-	U0US ^mppyi-'n IV	vrmtTAIl	the	commonest cause	of	prolonged
moreover, at no time was he a man to	on the rcv.k of Gibraltar is no more.	rv her we can divide	the expense.	jUuhiah.	gleepleeeness. To	the victim of insom-
‘•iSmjf	STtft**..	.w —	™»<	DM„-,,nu i.	X?aZZ£l	•?*•«»	. | I, I
ever,	was	quite	different	from what ibe	garrison guard-room dog,	broke	j^e skinned nose, bruised eye and arm	aa each minute passed, their agony be-	Nine times out	of ten the blessing
he had expected. Herr	Ilolzner his leg so badly through slipping on	*n a 8)ing.	that this horse	wouldn’t	came greater. Slowly the *'gatch	’ be-	striven for in vain will come unsought,
stormed at him first for his	presump- | a rot,k that he, had to be shot to put	t	’	automobile ?	No, sir, re-	came solid, and, as a consequence,	piti-	and that almost immediately, so that
isvtt â&Ksî surjs® «- '«v"ii-— Tbvz fÿ£'£ss sss ssur-srsus. sX'Sr^ss sras
of a Protestant and a Prussian. He I was at home in all tht guard-rooms on	i	horse from (he (hey were tightly encased, us it were, deterrn nation to lie awake. Directly
gave the young man to understand the frontier, and would sometimes nooui sir, s	jn a solid tomb. Terrible were their suf-i you cease to strive for sleep, to wish
that Josephs could at any	time be- 1 patronize one, sometimes another	country.	ferings during the last half hour.	Per-	ardently for it, the strain will be tnk-
coine the wife of a well born	and weal- Srniler was a great pet both with offi-	Young	man, exclaimed	tn*	h im i »i»*	s-an8 a]mu8t; always meet death brave-;	en off the brain, the body will rest be-
thy Catholic gentleman, and that	cers and	m* n. He constituted himself	old gentleman, as ttvy met at	the hall	jy and stoically, but there are some	cause	the mind is 10	longer prevent-
t he re was no reason why she should	an extra	sentry, kept on sentry-go all	d(K)r j should	like to know if	your in-	tortures which no human being can en-	in* it	,and slwp will	be the happy rethrow herself away on any one else, through the night, and could hear the ’	«*»rinus? Serious! eiacu- dure, and of such a nature were those suit." It is the anxiety for tsleep and
Finally he dismissed the disappointed field officer of the day approaching tentions ar^ se ‘	*	he' backed suffered by the five men in this liv- the worrying about its absence,
suitor with the chilling re m irk that	long before	the human sentry could,	kited tm y g	jng tomb. An eyewitness says	that	more than the sleeplessness itself,
if ho wanted to win Joseph a he must.	He always	attended guard-mounting	away.	Say ! do you	think	I'd take the	their ,jH xvere frightful, and	that |	that cnuie the feeling of prostration
as a proof of his love, abandon the I	parade, and	there selected the guard	< hance	of being kicked out	of	here three	0Ven ^ they had been lilenlj the agony	which follows a sleepless night. Tbe
faith in which he had been brought	that he would favor with his presence	nights	a week just	for	a	divert iso-	Htamptul ou tbeir faces would	have	man whose duty or occupation has
up and become a Catholic.	fur the next twenty-four hours.	ment ?	shown how greatly they were suffer- forced him to give up a night’s rest, is
Bismarck, as he rose to leave the	__+----- What we need in the world is na- |ngi	in far better condition the next day
room replied th it he would not do - SOUND UNDER WATER	ture she said. We have too much arti- When the Shah, Nasr-ed-Din. was aa- than the man who has s|»ent a lest-
,fhl^r^..,..U.»^i.^	m,l.»_.,. «CW*.	^
To leave Mitterbad immediately was v^-iments on L ike Geneva to demon- nature. I hat s why I got m> husband ftnd 0ffjciaja Gf Persia that his mur-	____
Bislnarck'e fiist intention, but his	Dower ot HOun(1 {(J travel a to buy a country place. But you have- derer be first made to confess, and
love for Joscpha retained him there a	1 '	in water V clock was made	n’t been there	this summer. Oh, dear,	then put to death in some unusual
day longer, during which he and she	t<) gtrike	UD,,er lbe water, and was	no; certainly	not. We wont	he able	marine.', and steps were at cnce tak-	prieru|_Considering	that your liv-
daThè parted from her forever.	oSdF experimeSf the '“a “‘king1 V “^a It wUl require all of that tim? for t he bis ‘crime and at the same time punish '‘^‘‘Tdlm" huw yoUP conUiverUo
How this romance affected Bis- clr>ck heard to a distance of 27 landscape gardner to get it in shape bim in such a manner that his fate ge( &ucb „ reputation as a philan-march s life no one knows, but it is ..	for us.	would be a warning to all malcontents lbr(-)ltjj
conjectured that one of his objects in '	#	0	who might be inclined to follow in lus	SptMxda.ll_Oh, 1 never give any-
England and* Cffiand^^ring” the	SAW I1ER	KAISER TOTED FAIR	^ulsTaid that the unfortunate man th‘^' 1 du lbe ba« pa"8in*'
summer and autumn of 1812 was in or- Mr Sliptongue—I have not your	*	'	—Mollah Reza, liis name was—was hor-
der that the sight of new scenes might wife. Is sh*» here this evening ?	When the German Emperor was at ^ibly tortured on various occasions, but
enable him to forget his sorrow. Five Mr. Hans me—Yes, but just at this scb(X)| ;lt Cassel, he and his brother, life was still strong in him when he later he married, and about the moment shv is engaged—over there at	,,	laired in an old castle was led out to die on August 10—three
i rime .	,	, x. . i	months after his crime was committed,
near, but in the school i be two boys	he was not executed sooner is
treated exactly like any other rather a mystery, as in Oriental coun-vr>utursievs. On one occasion, it is re- tries, the infliction of punishment fol-
*1* iinto the classroom and wrote the in b« erroneous, formation on the blackboard in huge letters, not wishing to have any unfair advantage over bis schoolfellows.
you don't count.
Prison Visitor—Remember, my man, always try to do right. Convict 4-11-44—Th it’s w hat brought me here Im
possible 1 No, sir ; I Knew a fellow named Wright, and I tried to do him Now I’m doing time.
A musician out of work, are you ? said the housekeeper. Well, you 1 fin ' few cords in the woodshed. Suppose
already
Prince Ranjiuinjhi has
beaten the record for run getting in
a single year at cricket by making 3,-
Just before he places a hat on | o7ü runs before the close of the sea-
The previous record was of 32,730 runs made three years Before that W. G. Grace's re-
Dow j ah. He found that ever since the Shah's assassination, crime
bis
son.
own


cau-w as
a




An old servant named
A PRINCES DILEMMA
Enterprising ymng men who want lt> marry royal princesses are likely
There are
de lu.; ml soon
and only forty-seven princes for them
not counting religious or
political impediments, hinny of them must, therefore, look forward to marriages below their rank unless i he y prefer to become old maids.
the Mecklenherg-titrehts
princesses, a sister of the Crown 1 rin-cess of Montenegro, recently married gested by Prof. J. M. Baldwin, is to I a young man whose sole claim to no-
ris srsrts I tr:
to marry,
OVERCOMING SLEEPLESSNESS.
A Nrw Way 1» i« Wvf Ip Trying lo
Bleep.
One of
A novel remedy for insomnia, sng-
has come up, owing the half-breed Hindu engine-driver,
all probability lawfully
The *

who was in
two baronies
entitled to the Irish and United Kingdom baronies conferred on Admiral Sir Alan
all artificial
were
Gardner at the beginning of tbia century for naval sei vice-s. In 188d, on the death of the third baron, it was fonnd that the next heirs were the descendants of a scapegrace grandson of the Admiral, who had had a brilliant
India and had
'Give up trying to sleep
ttBtogum^e Thu estates went to white relatives, who cannot take the title, while the half-breed heirs s too poor to prove their rights.
In addition to the large bequests
made by Baroness Hirsch to charit-
ftblo institutions, other very large
to the Hirsch founda- * "
»
nre
i
sums may go lions in
London, should any of her adopted ;
children die before they come into j; possession of their legacies. Each of the two adopted sons will receive 5,-	'
000,000 francs and the adopted da ugh- -ter 1,000,000 francs on coming of age. ] Each son, moreover, receives 15,000,000 1 francs and the daughter 10,000,000 1 francs on attaining 35 years, Should either or all die before the appointed '< time, the share or shares in the hands of the trustees will go to the chan- ¦. ties mentioned. « They will probably jg , j keep a watchful eye on MM. Maurice Arnold and Raymond De forest-Bis- J ch >ffsheim and Mlle. Lucienne Preme- 1
lic-Uirsch.	I
1
Now York, Vienna, Paris and
far
A FAMILIAR CHARACTER
Î

COMPOSED ON TRAINS
Sir Arthur Sullivan was once asked where he was ab'c to compose best,
CRUSHING HIM.
Muud—What do you do when a man persists in asking for a dance and you don’t care to dance with him *
Ma rie.—T'111 him my card is full.
Maud.— Bat supixwing it isn’t, and he still persistsÎ
Mane.—Then I insist that it is, and let him see that it isn't.
his
anil under what circumstances
There is no
ideas flowed most i.-ely|^g^g place,’’ he said, 'whore 1 have so many inspirations ns in a railway carriage. There is something in the rapidity of ihe motion in the clanging of the iron, and in the whirring of the wheels, which seems to excite the imagination and supplies material for « host of harmonies. ’
years ¦	¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦
same time Josephs became the wife of the piano	¦
a worthy Doctor Schmidt, who held a Mr. Sliptongue, with affected en-muni' ipal office in Salzburg. Bis- t husiasm —Ah, I see, She! is that go<l-marck was in Salzburg about the same dess-like beauty, wb> is playing an time, but there is no evidence that he accompaniment for the mountain of
flesh who is singing.
Mr. Hanflf Bn°, stiffly—My wife does parted at Mltterbad they wore entire nc>t pi She sings, strangers to each other. Many are wondering whether Bismarck, when at tbe height of his fame, ever thought of this beautiful girl, whom he had loved so well, and whether Josephs, to your town?
in her quiet Salzburg home, ever felt Second Undertaker. Wall, the death proud at the tnought that nhe had once rate ain’t what it ought to be
were
knew of her marriage.
from the day when they
Indeed
YES, SHE WAS
limited scruples.
Have you any «ciuples against entering a saloon?
Only those of a financial nature.
AN UP-HILL PULL
Was your daughter popular at the summer resorts. Mrs. \V Popmlnr I She had to
First Undertaker. How’s business up
r?
hoqpe
make
AN ASSASSIN’S DOOM.
The execution took place on the
a card
catalogue of her marriage proposals.


###PAGE###3###
<



It’S Economy—........................
was immediately apparent. There canif, a frtsh color to hie face and the giow of now life was plain.
Morrissey smiled and chatted while lho oiwration was going on, telling the physicians he did not tool the loss of the blood in any way. It was not until the end that he lost color and began to show signs of faintness. I he great drain upon hum showed in spite of his strength and perfect health, and when the tube was removed and his arm was bound up he was so faint that it was necessary for the attendants to help him from the room lie recovered quickly, however, and in the course of a few days was as well as he had ever been.
To no one was I he Immediate effect of the operation more apparent than to Judge Prendergast himself. Tor months he had been sinking gradually and had almost count to giving up all Wigglesby is the most earnest col-hope. 'I ho diminution of Ins blood lector <>£ suave nirs I ever saw. \N hen had left him with little or no strength, waa ubroud he gathered trunks full, and just before the transfusion he was s rne he bought, some he took when so feeble it was with difficulty that he nobody was looking. Did you hear could even raise his head from the about hits backing out when he had a pi1 low.	ch ance to kiss the Queen's hand?
What scared him ?
He couldn't trust himself. He was afraid he'd be tempted to pull off one
|W|(|C Cut thle out sud return
3k 4510 to UI. With nerae ef
WV jroul nwet r*|‘f»»» ilfln» ~ anti w# will send thle welch there for roe lo examine. It la an •pen Are. «clé pleie-t duet arnif ^ eâ§» Imri.lH. ru-ly engrateil, Ailed
odel 7 Jewelled etoin wind and eel raerement. ladf'e or gmte mira It la • «mod Km-' piece, equal In »•
•ad la Juet the thing ret tradlna purpoeee. IT. oa carefulesan tuition you ere centimes fhie wat<U l«
listened to the hard breath of t he
There
We were star-
AWn UL Uiilid IN THE HIUHT
I
horses and the Hinging slugs, wasn't any talking, ing before us, straight in front, i ry-ing to raise the town beyond the skyline, and waiting always for to see w lin'd catch it next.^^^
"Then
LUDELLA to!™
lea
HOW THE FIRST OFFICER RECEIVED HIS TERRIBLE WOUND.
with A marteau m
, . .25, JO, 40, 50 & 60c.
Lead Packages. . . ,
___	began to feel that the
horses were playing out beneath us, and with the breathing spells growing longer and more often, the niggers
down below the sea, and the stream- ^ppened just the same; the soft ship was plowing on steadily into the grunting, the swaying in the saddle,
his back against the rail, lazily watch- gvl |1N fttr axvny from him as we could, tug the throng of passengers on the We had set out, you see, to carry the
over the horizon there were three of us, riding abreast. Then the last, ing story:	man dropped. "I was his lantern that
the tup.e, he began. 1 came hy it Wfts diking Hilly, when we got in. When John Morrissey heroically
during the last hour of the ride, soon Well, I scarcely think the company is	bured	hie	arm	foi	the	surgeon’s	lan-	When	his	.„,|Mb	b«am	to thrill
after we had sighted the town lights, paying me to stand round here idling	^	the other day at	the	Chicago Hoe-	with the	new	life-giving blood and	his
and, strange enough, it wasn't from J,,j‘ «L./in*cornetime	^	pltal, and prepared to give as much brain grew more active and clearer, : of her fingers.
a bullet at all-not one of them had > And the officer passed forward along of his life-blood as might be needed to	Tm/' nluh***' \L Tinne ^-onld
touched me all night—but it came from	(he	deck	to disappear	in	the	thick	8ttVe fais friencl and benefactor, Ex-	appreciate how rinse he had been 10
the broken lantern of the last man	darkness	that	had	settled	down over,	judge Richard Prendergast, from the	death, and with the new vigor that
that fell. As the fellow idtchod from	h('	* ‘I1,	grave, he contributed not only a re-	bad come to him he once more had
the saddle he swung his lantern across	markable addition to the annals of	lf,iw of being well .-.gain. Hut n ail
him, and	the	glass	of	it	struck me m A	(j PQ f P	|1	surgery, but	also a splendid revelation	®ion itself * singularly successful
the	face	and	burst	to	pieces.	iY.	UlUtVlUl	0f the extent to which the devotion of	hut it had come too late, The dis-	,wt,.ir
back in—no, it wasn t	--- one man toward another can go.	mse had gone too fur, and through	church is silent on this iinpor-
the lack of blood the Judge ¦ whole ^ maUer	ttw, j,iw giVee
rissey owed to Judge Prendergast. His %%% the redoraHôn ^ ,î,e Zitu,-	T%%g\ut"%t" :::
struggle for	existence had been desper-	sues was impossible. The effect of the	*ffif	wors(.	wives	should see	t hat
ate until the	Judge took him in hand	transfusion was a prolongation of the	^ .	husband’s	corns	are kept down.
and befriended bun. He was a	storation of his health, and death came
bottom of the so. ial ladder when the ut (he end of a few week#.
Judge came to lift him up and gave Morrissey was one of the chief From the Tribune, Deseronto Ont. ^ & Qew and better Hturt in life. mourners at the Judge’s funeral. His
JÜS	7.T 65SÏ'	>*- ÎÏKÏ”1 *“ "ral ¦"* b™
to, is well known in the town and sur-1 tween the men. Opposites 111 intelli- "f had such great hope,” he said rounding country, her home having gence and mentality they were equally "that the operation would enable the ness is always been in this vicinity. Mrs.' ^ ,n tho Mtter ot health and Judge to live for many years to come soaeoouy.
ssïiïiw'.A«r»—• «r	jætiTJ
was said she ascribed her cure to the Judge was a weakling in body. His blood for him. My one regret now We've cot important dispatches to use of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills, a re- active brain outstripped his bodily en- is that the experiment was not tried The “ Balmoral,” . tôO BlW
-, aowJto,,.dquar,or. t,.lgh,/	^	t.tTr^^NOtelCW'.lake.Z'r^^
said lu*. 'See that tho horses iron shoes	Doxtater’s illness dates from the sicaity lor t tie race 01 me, anu me bad not lbb desired result I was Q.T.K.Hution, Mooirn»!. u« CW»k«fc Vo^Frops^
replaced by the leathers, and be birth of a child on Feb. 15th, 1RUV days were few when his health was anxious to have them take more AVENUE HOUSE	S2LT™ti’sTSi
bond yourself at V o'clock. The when the attending physicians found kin, good.	of my blood as I knew I could stand; ----- J.Td»V
7,£. L: ,W,	... ,u.	- % *“• ?«- ^ »-• îÆi&ÆWS si. «m* rnm~srsSK.HV
papers through hy daylight.'	stand and the result was partial rissey excelled. A young giant in %gainst it and now the Judge is gone. Railway. Kint-ciMCommercial Houue. Modern ho
"We had other orders besides these, paralysis, during which her life was strength, he was one of those men that 1 am glad that 1 was of service in sus- pro«-ew=M..-od.»t.-
despaired of. Mrs. Doxtater gives the m.ver know an ill day. Ofslow and taming his life for the short time that
EHrSS*!;	w ^
didn't speak about them much among my health gave way entirely. 1 vvas healthy and robust.
y- «.iK. r..=.	r.S£
wanted those	dispatches to	go through,	j could	not turn	myself
and if a man	dropped out	of the run-	jn	bed and	had to be	moved	,u	t
ning-well. it was exceedingly bad luck like a child. The little nourish-, idolized the other's power. A lawyer s	.._.
fnr him th^t'a all—the	rest of us	ment I took had	to be administered j office	furnished	few	opportunities	for	m	decomposing	vegetable	matter, and
, '	by	my friends.	During this	time I	a man	ljko	Morrissey,	but	all	he	un-1	more	rapidly	in	the	presence	of	heat
couldn t stop.	suffered great pain especially in the
"There wasn't any moon that night, hip joints, and one sdie was paralyzed
from the shoulder to the foot. The really indispensable.
doctors could not tell me what my body which he could supply was the .	i.	f,	trouble was and the medicine they
•tars to go by, and if we once	got	off	gftye di(j me no good £ became des-
the track we'd go wandering round pondent and thought I would surely Judge. I he strength of miud,
Prompt at 9	die. I got into a highly nervous con- was the	Judge’s	most	notable	posses-
ditionand sleep was almost impossible.	waa	tbe	0Ut)	thing	that	Morrissey
Just as I would fall asleep 1 would . .
of US. The colonel took the lead—he 8tarfc U1> ag though; in a fright. This could worship.
old hand at the game—and I was the start of affairs when a friend
advised mo to try Dr. Williams’ Pink
.	.	..	.	,	Pills and I can never tell how thank-	,	.	.
tween us rode the sergeant and nine ^ J Rm tfaat j took that advice. Judge was taken ill, and was forced
trooper». We passed lhe sentry just After I had used the third box I was to give himself into the hands of the
ss taps was sounded in the stillness, able to leave my bed and move around physicians. For a long time those in
%. -«*•"¦ «1•• ch.r.«hio0.
out over the horses’ heads, and jogged strength and was able to do my own any organic difficulty. I he best they
out «lowly into the desert.	housework. I could eat my meals could say was that their patient was	olneer	von tret to a great man
as :i=-E	=== - — - ---
sort of sneaked off into the blackness recovery after beginning the use of Dr. self again, although ho could never Ue
and disappeared.	Williams’ Pink Pills, and 1 believe Htrong. Hut rest brought no apparent
#m#Ê PiEiü psaüli^
SSsF-”	BrimELH
brought ..=« a fortune	Z:.	,»=.
¦	Il tien was finally decided upon.	is about 1.4J7 feet.
There would have been no doubt or	--- VDAne
delay in tho matter if the physicians	FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
rmuu0ndiVûrrryeytb"r,nhed 'A:	I
made clear. There was no hesitancy about him. He stepped forward at and announced his readiness to be the principal in the operation.
"Judge Prendergast has done everything for me," he said, "and lam now ready to do everything 1 possibly can for him."
we
KIcniI) «ml AH# ml Pursuit of the Dl*p»#eb Brnrfr# An Infnill?» to Mpecil From M«'liln4- Th«* Town «I
flf? Oui thle oui sud ¦ end It lo ne with the omm °f 70W llfl n-urest si pfsee >fflre and we will ship y*v this Vieil» w v wllb Outfit by express. subject to SxwmlnaWo#. Examine Hal four express ofllee, and If you Had il exaetly se we repree.nl II and entirely eellsisctory. ne» 'he expreei agent our spécial prie#. H W> *aà presscuargee This le a Besir Bejehe^ MMklrefular 19 uo Hired ira/lue isodel Vieil», il V^fP^rb-liJy colored. highly pellebtd. powerful end sweet in t<»ae. Complete with fine m " bow. extra set of «triage end reern. â genuine Buy direct from us sod save the dealer s proftl
Toronto, On U
$4
worth far moro than we ssb

the express sgsnt express 1heruei and U Is
•^rours. lorry Wefclt do., ivx 2, Toronto,
;r/

*

-y+r: '* ;


bargmt» al the price.
John at on à Mo Far font, Bom 6 Z,
BLOOD WAS GIVEN FREELY
A HUMBLE HERO RISKS DEATH TO SAVE HIS BENEFACTOR.
Solid Gold....12.85 Best Gold Fill 1.50 5 yrsGold Fill 1.00 Best Glasses..- 100
A SOUVENIR FIEND
promenade deck, started with a evening."
commonplace "Good It ended with the follow-

A lleiiiarltnlile fiarglml Féal - John Moi* rlaifj't of 1 Hlcago, Merolmllj Suives IIIh Lifo Blond lo have Her Life *f Hie Han llr lilolUcil.

We guarantee perfect satisfaction.
GLOBE OPTICAL CO-,

93 Yonge Street, Toronto-

ALL IN VAIN

The Dawsorç Commission Co., Limited,
Ccr West-Market A Oolborne St., Toronto,
C»a get fuu bed priceef-.r your Apple» Cutter, Kggê, Poultry, »o>l other produce, if you ship it to them.
I
When Should a Man Swear ?


Man is not only n reasoning but a
Sometimes his feel-audibly, again

a	Pr-iciir<*d lu *11 countries. Dveigne,
P^M I CH I V Trni M irks rngiiOerr 1, Copyrights, ¦	( hv*ih rii o« ur.tl Write for Info rn*Ui#n.
KOEKTUN. R CASK. R. «: tired Holioftorof PUsnts, Notar) Public, Tampis Building, Toronto, Ont.

swearing animal ing* are expressed so deep down in his nature that no- j thing lees than a volcano would thrust • them to the surface. If .man should at all. when should that lime
5HOW CASES. WALL CASES
?
That either.
years after we stole that gunboat 1 told you of, but I’ve forgotten when
Well, it isn’t of much 1 was one of

was
Office and Bank Fixtures, Modern Stoic Fronts. Mirrors and Plate Glass. For low prices write
TORONTO SHOW CASE C0„
92 ADELAIDE W.p TORONTO, CAN.
Let’s sete Aiow, it was some
Much that he possessed in life Mor-
no
SAYS DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS
SAVED HER LIFE.

that was, too
Voeu lied to llrd for Mure Than n Montli * lid Wholly Enable 10 Move—Food Had to be AdmliiHlered le Her am lo a < hlld Thankful Word* of FraUe.

This may be firme quite easily, painlessly, and with absolute cert ai nit y hy Putnam's Corn Extractor. Beware of flesh-eating substitutes offered for Putnam's Corn Extractor,
anyway
consequence tho intelligence officers in the service of tIk* Indian government, and just before sundown that evening the colonel

Michigan Land for Sale.

000 ACHES GOOD FARMING LANDS A ID N AO,
| Ioeoo.OgKmaw and Crawford bounties Title pee* feet- On Mich gan Central, De'rolt A Mnckiuac au4 /.«on Lake lUilrosde, at prie*» taogir; tom $2 to f5 n<-r acre Theee Lands arm Close to Enterprising Ne* Towns, < 'hurohes, Schools, «te., and will be sold on most rsesoosbieterms Apply to
K. M PIERCE.
Or .1 W CU
3
oame up to me
SORT OF l.ANGVID-LIKE,


say "busi-
VVhen you hear a man ¦^¦¦1 business" ho has just cheated
a way he had, when he didn’t want to let on he was excited. 1 never knew a man that tried so hard to he dignified.

Agent. Went Hay City. Mich. kTIS. Whlttemorn. Mich.

MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY.
I
AGENTS WANTED to sell the Acme Pot and Kettle Strainer In every County and Township In Canada. Tho device is mvalnab’e for straining the water from boiling vegetable* with >ut s aid lug th#-hinds or spilling the foments of the pr)t Exo naive terr.torv goes to first-class agents. For particular* apply to the
Acme Pot & Kettle Strainer Co.
HAMILTON, ONT.
L
ll s


» FA

on
36 PER CENT. PROFITS
sort of specLul orders that weren’t
Some men are so busy telling what they would do it they had the opportunity that the opportunity passes by
W. P. €. 991
wssm
The Dominion Investment Co. of Toronto,
Oanads Permanent Chambers, IS Toron o St.
THE ODOR OF RAIN.
us
Nuttall has determined that the
And so it came to pass that these
remarkably dissimilar, learned smell of freshly turned earth is due
The one ; to the growth of a bacterium, the
clathodrix odorfera, which multiplies
men, so
CALVERT’S
lean upon each other.

Carbolic Disinfectant#. Scape, Ointment, Tooth Powder#, etc., have been awarded 10U medals and diplomas for superior excellence. Their regular use prevent infeoti-OUH diseases. Ask your dealer to obtain a supply. Lists mailed free on application.

KISSING BUGS
I
You can have oceans of fee
with this novelty.
The mainspring of life I# fun Seed for a Kiwi ng Bug, and live ten years longer. Sent post-paid with our lint of novelties, for 10c. In stamps '-r silver.
PROGRESS NOVELTY CO.,
123 Richmond 8t W.,
dertook was done so well, he became and moisture. Hence the odor is especially marked after a shower, or
when moist earth is disturbed, dry soil the development of the bacterium is arrested, but it is immediately resumed with vigor as soon as moisture is restored.
Tho strength of
ClrlG
F. C. CALVERT * CO.,
but tho sky was clear, which was good thing you see, for we only had
In
a
MANCHESTER, - - ENGLAND.
thing that had been denied to the
one
Brass Band
Toronto, Ont.
r
the desert till we died. oVo k we started. There were twelve

A man imagines he has perfect control over his wife when he wants her to do something that she wants to do.
Held sn<i Sslren men osm-ct afford to bo without the Automatic Faucet Attachait at, as Iteaye for itself in ou» week drawing beer No drip, oe wist*. You only ncod one hand to draw beer with the Automatic ie# of rush you can hold glaesesm each hand, m the Automatic Ie always ready. The Automatic .	dr* ws the finest glassef beor and
r h used fer any trade, as It puts the kind of t*ad on the heer that you want Price $1 50 prm-pald-money refunded if not natufao tory. Hamilton MfgCo
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, etc.
Every town oan have a band.
Music or Musical Instruments.
A FATAL ILLNESS.
was an
took up the rear guard behind.
Be-
Such was the situation when the
but In
Boon ville, Mo., women raised $109 for a church by means of an amateur circus.

Toronto, Can.
WHALEY R0YC1 A 00.,	-


ONE NIQHTC,
PI Payee, of Oral by, Que* Cigar Manufacturer.

.Toronte

M BEAVER BRAND ” Mackintosh
never hardens k in guaranteed Waterproof. Ask for it,take no other. Beaver Rubber Clothing Go., Montreal.
Dominion Lino steamship*

Mont reel end Quebec te Liverpool. Large end fast Steamers Vancouver, Dominion, Scotsman, Cambrornan.
o,
DAV ,D TOBRANC- IgïSïïtÜrJà.
G ves new life te the Hair. It makes it trow and restores the color
Sold by mil druggists. 50c. e bottle.
LUBY’S
Catarrh • Indian Catarrh Cure.
1^2——L—J Bold by all reliable Druggist».
Stammerers
upwards; Seeead
All ia fair in love and war—that is to say, before and after marriage.
Areotl, Berlin who will ooavUeeyo* he w
Dr
HARDWARE, DRUG AND GENERAL STAKES AT T. SELL IT TO THEIR GOOD TRADE.
Sausage Casings 1%S/am-
O’KEEFE’S W
MALT
OF
PEERLESS"
Machine
Inrigoraten arid 8ir« uythens.
LLOYD WOOD. Toronto, GENERAL AGENT.
«
TNI DEB M6INES INCUBATBR-Beet end oheepeet
¦ O. Rolland, sole agent for the Dominion. Bend 3*. stamp for oataloguô. 373 8t. Paul Street, M ontreaL

la

BECAUSE ITS THE VERY BEST OIL THEY CAN GET.
o other gives rock complete satisfaction to FARM Elia
iliSs
ffssssrssnsffs
Druggists, or 881 Quesn W. Toronto.
•K
RELIANCE OIGAH * ACTOR Y,Montreal.
La Toscana, 10c.
____Send us your .
address. Also N
the address of any friends who are collectors. Mention this piper. 8TARNAMAN BROS.» Berlin, Ontario.

Stamp Collectors
or so,
rumbiing from somewhere behind us I ^ short time ago a man died in In the night. I was going to speak of nrusgei8 leaving nearly hi# entire for-
r -«- - • *»¦. ~—-
And away we went a-tearin’| lirely unacquainted with him
is how it came to pass. He was a very
and net out, like
sWood & Photo Engraving^.
In j l jones E.NG.L®
6 8 10 ADit-MDE MW TORONTO
r *
HEALTH RESTORED VTSSLStX
This
to 'em '
down the desert.
'M 3V3Ê C:	-... —...
squall, and the lanterns were all a- His tub was an omnibus and his bobbin’ fit to die.	lantern a small coin.
"Hy and by we come to slow up a	h omnibus he took hi. seat
bit for a breathing spell, and the rumbling grew plainer. I had turned every day near the conductor and nl-
bulf around to	take a look	at them	ways showed himself very	obliging
when a flash of	fire spat at	me from	m paS8ing UD the money of	passeng-
& sa 15rrMS8i*.e;. %< «-—	- —«• > - »
started us off a-whoopin.'
“At the next breathing spell the ser- a	^	^
ff.ant was hit.	He held on grand for	would watch those to whom	it came,
upward of half	a mile; but	soon he	They would count it carefully, notice
turned to wabbling, and gripping to the extra coin and invariably slip it the saddle, and grunting softly. It into their pockets. No one thought was enough to turn a man sick to see 0f the poor conductor, whose meager the poor devil fightin* that way when salary of only three francs a day could there wasn't any use, for we all knew |H support such a loss, what he was cornin’ to, and so did he. But at last a young woman passed “Then all at once his lantern sweep- hers back, with:	"Conductor, you
ed downward to the ground, and my have given me half a franc too much. ' horse jumped him. None of us looked Diogenes, delighted, followed her home, back—we knew enough not to—but made inquiries, made his will in her WE RODE LIKE BLAZES	favor ; though he never gave her warn-
P.rshoi W.,.	^
found bun.
“That was	. .
bullets kept a-whizzing by without a
The gang was standm
It had come Each So all
dos* disordered fllomaoh. Le ms, Nerves, Liter. Blood. Bladder, Kidneys. Brain sud Breath by
I
Revalent»
^^lArabioa
eisUd ail o'her treatment# H digests when all other Food Is rejected, estes 50 time Be cert In medioiae.
1 Invariable 9ucoess, 100.00# Annual. Cure» of Constipation. flatulency. Dyvprp^la,
Nervous Debility, Sleeplessness, Despondency.
Du Barry’s
I
Shame can know love, but love knows no shame.
wiiiie, Willie
Barrister#, etc., removed to WesleyJBldgs., Richmond 8l W\, Toronto.
LAW

once
Deafness Cannot be Cured
50 Years
by local applications a# they o.\nnot reach the
r,ion'il re mod 164. Dsa'new is caused by an in flamed condition of the mucous lining of tho Kuatachlan Tube. ^ In n this lube get* itiflam-Pd you have a rumbling ound or imperfect hearing, and when it ie entirely cl- eed deafness i# Lboneuit, and uu:e<a the inflammation can he tiken out and this tub > restored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed fur ever : nine cases out of ten aro muse.i by Catarrh which is nothing but an inflamed condi-
l^„0,;MgmvUeCOnoHu„der"-=d D=.!a„ for any circular», f-e«. CHKNKY & CO, Toledo. O.
H Id by Unik gists, 75o.
Hall's Family Pills are the best
ê
HARRIS
LEAD, COPPER. BRASS Wholesale only. Long Distance Telephone 1730.
WILLIAM 8T.f TORONTO.


the operation.
The transfusion of the bloo 1 from the arm of Morrissey to that of ms friend and benefactor was accomplished under the personal direction of l)r. Andrew J. Cooey, chief surgeon of the Chicago Hospital, and one of the most prominent practitioners m the W est. An incision was made in the right arm of the young man and a tube inserted in the large artery- The other end of the tube was inserted in a similar incision in Judge Prendergast s arm
and the blood was gently pumped
to the other.

DuBarry & Co., S*
lV±	&2A&. “mU^Toronf
t
Catholic Prayer
B^TOKaBSSSF

the latter he always managed to add franc or a half franc. Then he

F (
I 1
IN EVERY VILLAGE— _______ -BOYS AND GIRLS
under M.enteen, for «Ml work In »I*re time ; bit P >• Aptly, in own handwrilint, The BnUrpri» Comp../, 67 Yonge Street, Toronto.

WANTED
JA8. *. ANNITT, Man-g.r.
JOHN J. MAIN, Supt end Tree*.
!
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER

'
CARD INDEX
• S •
ï
raeSSS % sstr
The Church of Scotland has forty-
schools in India, with
one
IhL The only perfect aye'em for ke- p >J%. ing names end addiveaea.
Sample tmj out fit.....
The Ofilee Specialty Mfg. Ce ,
Lùnitel
123 and 124 bay Si., TORONTO Factory : Newmarket
/. I
$3.

to

Esplanade,
0pp. Sherbourne St
Toronto
The
the first of ’em.
(Jjblui /nJw A* ^ JLaL	f#* /
NOT ALARMED.
Romantic Mias, addicted to poetry— Oh, I'm juflt in love with Edgar Allan Poe.
Practical Adorer—Well, that's all right. He's dead.
•i
Dyeing ! Cleaning !
I i- tbu very bent »end your work t** the
" BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Lu k for ag«*nt in your town, or »end direct.
tl,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebe;.
ff
bit of let-up.
mad to catch us.
High Class Water Tube Steam Boilers, for All Free sures,
• Duties and Fuel.
SfiND FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOGUE.
down to solid business now. man was riding for himself.#
isrsai m
" "iViIBSlfiMiti
terns were always swaying and bob-
H-ï™ sçnjs
b"en easier. But they didn't, and we| tfcink he waa mnj» # ordar.
Monti
ci
1
Wil'TE'8 PHOSPHO SODA
mmmm
NOT A HAND-ME-DOWN.
Toronto Elect-io Light Cn , Limited.
but
Grubbs—Perkins seems to be a self-
a •

(Ail e| Taranto share boilers may ha







------- %
	



-4 - :
1
###PAGE###4###










SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
1000 Lambs|THB
WASTED.
ahe will be permitted to aeleoted articlts to be included in the $100 exemption.
Tourists will also bo compelled to satisfy the collectors that the skins of which the garments were composed were notHHHHHSHH taken in the Noith Pacific ocean by j Farmers having lamh* to dispose of t his
poachers.	(Season will do well to hold them until
hound to
money is being wasted, is of a piece wiih trying to cirry Nebraska with a wild 44 hurrah " over 44 McKinley crops." It will be useless for the Ministers to try to get the electors so excited over either the 14 blessings of Providence " or the commonplaces of universal agreement, that they will forget to ask pertinent and puzz’ing questions with respect to the misdeeds of the Government. It is true that there is a certain novelty about the pro-British declamation in which the Ministers are so ready now to indu’ge, but they are in for a more disappointment if they fancy that the tax paying public will be so taken up with it they will never notice the absence ot all defence of n fraudulent preferential tariff which does not 44 prefer." Nor will 41 glittering generalities ” on the worn topic of our fiscal independence of the United States, even when heard from lips which once taught our entire and abject dependence upon that same 44 sixty million market,” cause the farmers of the country to lose sight of a policy which gave the American binder twine industry free access to our mar ket with the result that the price has gone up enormously—a fact due to some extent to the shameful conduct of this 14 farmers’ friend " Ministry in selling the output of the prison binder twine factor-to its friends, who have been making a handsome profit thereon. As for the crops—the Laurier » Greenway - Sifton-Gallician crops—even they will not cover a large number of Ministerial sins. A great crop will suggest a great debt, a great expenditure, a great rush of Grit members for grateful offices. While no 44 threshing machine will be set humming in any part of the country that the amused threshers will not be reminded of that other 44 threshing machine " which Preston was so anxious to have 44 hugged."
The attention of the country cannot be distracted. The Ministry must stand on its record and take its punishment.
THE EQUITY.
PORTAGE DU FORT
SHAWV1LLE, OCT. 5, 1899.
Roller Mill
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
they get our price*, ft* they are be the highest that wll be paid.
JAR ROBINSON,
Buyer for Mr. Jamieson, ^¦	Renfrew
EDITORIAL NOTES.
THE MARKETS.
Ten loading capitaliste of Ottawa have formed » syndicate for the purpose of operating the Dupont group of mines in British Columbia.
SHAW VILLE.
Oats per bushel, 23 to 25c.
Pease per bushel, 57 to 58c.
ICggs, per dozen, 11c.
Butter, per pound, 14 to lAc.
Wool, per pound, 14 to 16c.
Hay, per ton; $5.50 to $7.00. Calfskins, 45 to 50c.
Hides, per 100 pounds, $5.50 to $0.00 Pelts, each, 35 to 50c.
OTTAWA.
Eggs per dozen, 14 to 18c.
Butter in pall, (1st quality) 18 to 20c. Butter in print#, 20 to 85c.
Cheese per lb., 18 to 13c.
Beef per 100 lbs., $3.50 to $0.50.
Lamb per lb., 8 to 10c.
Mutton per lb., 5 to 7c.
Veal perlb., 5 to 7c.
Pork, heavy. $5.50 to $0.00.
Pork, light, $0.25 to $0.00.
Live hogs, select, $4.50.
Live hogs, heavy, $4.00.
Hides per 100, $0.00 to $0.50.
Oats per bushel, 28c.
Potatoes per bag, 65c,
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME
and turning out
\ugust 81, 1800,
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, I respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
CEO. HYNES,
The biggest man in the l oiled Slates
last week was Admiral Dewey, - In f*ct,
S. press, he was
J. G. McGUIRE.
according to the l the biggest man to be found anywhere
First Quality Flour.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Hon. U. XV. Scott has notified the lm
penal government for the artillery in South Africa can he had in Canada. The home government is advertising them for the l nited States.
Another minister (without portfolio) a been added to the Laurier cabinet in the person of Mr. James Sutherland, M. P , for North Oxford, who was sworn in on Saturday. The appointment, it is stated will be received with favor by the oldtime members of the Liberal party. It lias not yet transpired that the iater's official duties will embrace the management of Mr. Tarte or Mr. Blair.
Game warden N. McCnaig, of Bryson, is again after the transgressors of the law of which he is the guardian, and has made example of an Aldfield settler named Gauthier, who was mulched in the sum of fifty dollars a few days ago by Magistrate Rimer at Bryson, for killing deer out of season. May the good work go on until the law becomes a terror to all such violators thereof.
if Farmers favoring this MU1 with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment In every respect
that suitable horses
Gentlemen :
Having taught out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, I tag leave to state that I am prepared and In a position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with an order.
JOSEPH BROWN,
well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegant ly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Proprietor.
A large
FOR SALE:
iee
\ quantity of
Boards Laths and Shingles.
My Motto :
t
Prompt attention to business. No disappointments to patrons.
My Determination :
To turn out a class of work that will bear successful comparison with the very best; a class of work that by Its stylish and fashionable appearance, will draw the Attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their tiret order.
Leave your Measure next.
now mm
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Public Notice.
Public Notice.
Province of Quebec, 1 School Municipality of >
Shawvllle.	)
Public Notice Is hereby given to all proday of December, 18W.	alMf timt it now is and will remain in my
Bewail of the heavy costs.	possession for Inspection by parties inter
Order of Council,	ested during thirty days from this notice,
S. M. LOGAN,	during which time it may be amended.
Sec.- {Yeas.	Any ratepayer may, during the said delay,
complain of such Roll, which shall be taken into consideration and homologateu with or without amendment at the meeting of Commissioners to take place on the loth day of October, at the place where such meetings are usually held, at the hour of ten in the forenoon. But such delay ex pired, it shall come into force and any per son interested after having taken cogni zaiice thereof, if he so desire, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned at his office within Twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without fur-
^ G ken1 at Shaw ville this 13th day of the month of September, 1800.
H. LANG
The undersigned offers for sale his desirable property situated on Main street, Shawvllle, opposite the Bank. For terms and particulars apply to
Taxes !
Taxes !
an
SILAS YOUNG, Parkman P. O.
PARK FOR SALE
Hardy Must go.
At a Bargain.
The Liberal administration of Ontario is doomed. Under Sir Oliver Mowat it wre by long odds the best government, either local oi federal, in Canada. Even its opponents have to admit that. The affairs of the Province of Ontario have been better managed than those of ar.y other province in the Dominion, and the condition of the province allow it Hardy has done well so far as legislation goes, but the disgraceful revelations of corruption at elections which have been made during the past year cannot be over looked in any government, however good. Hardy must go. The good name of the province and the self-respect of the electors demand his retirement from office. It is useless to contend that he is personally innocent. As the head of party he is responsible for its acts, d and bad, and in him and his gov
e .	,	...	. , ernment the crimes of the party heelers
The ground is that tho occasion is in ce.- mua^ punished. He benefited by their
ebration of a victory over a nation friend- disgraceful work, and had exposure not
|y to Great Britain. It is a good ground come he would have rewarded the guilty
oral s action will bo generally accepted. crjmea j8 jU0 f0 h»a neglect, for as at
Corps which delight in visiting across torney-general of the province it is his
the line may reasonably be limited to oc- duty to put the law in operation against
casions which only the two countries im- «imin.lr . That he has not done so is of
J , .	....	, itself sufficient to condemn him in the
mediately concerned have any fellings In | eyea of a„ honest men—Events.
the matter.-—Montreal Gazette.	¦¦¦¦
d. W. C0IV|BA, tailor.
Given at Thorne Centre, October 4, 18UV.
}
The undersigned offers for sale a farm containing four hundred acres of choice land In the Township of Gurd, District of Parry Sound. Seventy acres cleared ; balance* bush, tag house, bam and stable erected on the premises which are well watered and situated one mile from school and post office. The premises are admirably suited for a stock farm. Clear title. For further p^lcutanajp^
Bon field P.O., Ont.
The preferential tariff has not resulted in encouraging English imports to the annihilation of American. Senator ^ est is credited in a Washington despatch to the New York World with saying, " The Canadians are such good customers that we ought to show them consideration. Their trade with us amounts to $90,000,000 a while we take, as I remember with-
(McArthur’s building, Main St.)
WANTED Christian men and women to Introduce “ The Light of Life," the most marvellous book since the publication of the Bible. A commentary on the New Testament, together with complete lives of the Apostles. In point of art the work is a gem. The finest, most touching, life-like illustrations ever designed for the New Testament. Sells in every house, and anybody can sell it. Capital or experience unnecessary. Freight paid. Books on time. Send for outfit, giving choice of territory, and we will show you how to make money.
BRADLEY GARRETSON CO., Lt d.
Brantford.
WANTED Industrious men of Character to travel and appoint agents. Salary and expenses paid.
BRADLEY-GARRETSON CO., Lt d.
Brantford.
Premier
year,	¦¦PJM
out consulting the actual figures, about
85,000,000 worth.”—Ottawa Citizen.
We are Agents for
See. T reus
The Winchester
The Major-General commanding has refused permission to the 48:h Highlanders to take part in tho Dewey reception.
his
Public Notice.
Province o Quebec. \
Municipality of Clarendon. I
Public Notice Is hereby given by the undersigned Secretary Treasurer that the Collection Roll of the said Municipality of Clarendon is now made and completed for the current year, 189V, and also the Collection Roll of the said Municipality for the current year. 1899, to nay Interest and Sinking Fund of the Railway bonus. Both collection rolls are deposited in the office of the undersigned. All persons whose names appear therein as liable for the payment of any assessments are hereby required to pav the amount thereof to me at mv office within the twenty (29) days following the date hereof without further
notice.
Given at Shawville this nineteenth day of the month of September, one thousand
Sec.-Treasurer.
goo
Rifle

f&êt
36	65
BALLARD & MARLIN
i :

Catalogue now ready. Write for one and prices.
McDOUGALL & CUZNER,
Pontiac
A Deal in Subsides
Woolleq
Tho exports and imports of the. Do
minion for the months df July and Aug-1 Wheu the subsidy to the Edmonton ust, show an increase of over five millions Yukon railway was voted last session Mr*
of dollars over those of the corresponding * oster expressed the opinion that the
1 company with which Mr. Blair warn dealing had no intention of building the rai!, was merely acquiring someth: >g tild be sold out to Mackenzie and
STOVES I
STOVES I
months of 1898. The increase in exports,
Which include products of the mine, fish- [ w£y% but
« eia*s, forest, agriculture, manufactories, which could be sol---- „
amounted to $4,983,956, while the Mann- Tho minister of railways was
virtuously mdrifnnt. He wanted tie
house to understand that a company with
Mi s.
STOVES!
Public Notice.
etc
•1
increase of imports is put at $804,929
The inert use of duty on this sum,—which | Mr. McAvity for president and JVIr.'PugE-means the amount of money contributed ley for chief promotor, must in the nature
by the people «f Canada during July and
August, is $4<,542.	Avity was a reliable business man, but Mr.
Foster expressed grave doubts as to his intention to invest his means heavily in western railway enterprises.
Province of Quebec, Municipality of Clarendon
}
One Thing Needful.
Ths only Establishment of its kind in the County.
The comforts of a household are never complete without a good Cook Stove. See to it that the winter season, which is approaching, does not catch you ill-provided in this re-
Public Notice is hereby given to all pro prietors of real estate and resident householders in this municipality that the Collection Roll as established by the School Commissioners of this municipality has been made and completed, ami that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended. Any ratepayer may during It lie said delay complain of such roll, which shall be taken into consideration and homologated with or without amendment at a meeting of Commis , sioners to take place on Saturday the 28th dav of October, 1899, at the town hall in village of Shawvllle, at ten of the clock in the morning. But such delay expired, it shall come into force, and every person interested is obliged to take cognizance thereof, if he so desire, and to pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without
further notice.	. ,
Given at Shawvllle this twenty-fifth day of the month of Septemlier. one tlvousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.
fast suect.
Still In It.
Claiming the Grope

I am still in the business with a supply of the popular makes, ready for Fall trade, and the large number of Stoves I have sold during the past year is sufficient evidence that I keep the styles the people are looking for.
«H
get there in sober earnest without a »uu- ___
"Where0 i" non8rne^on why Canadians	A HUGEFARC
* Yukon Miawonary on OgiM,', .at. are quite as funny. They talk of the |	Investigation.
Tfth» owed ino'èrow, and dilcuss"the I Toronto. Sept. 25.-R. M. Dickey, who advantnire of bringing on tho elections was the first Christian missionary to the
sa -sr&tts.	ta asiï
amiointcd members of Parliament to fat satisfaction among tho miners was wide-
c .uutry pay for a joke, and why he has With regard to the investigation the mis laddled u, with a'sixty million budget, gioDary said it was generally considered he talks about the noble itmd tho entire a3 nothing but a huge farce enacted y country—to say nothing of the Imperial | the government to save the officials.
Government—ia taking on the Alaskan matter, and invites approbation because
stand alone against the Dan-
He might as well c ill Washington Government will around his Ad | Impose Duty on Garments of
This Fur Over $100 in Value.
CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc,
9
The Farmers’ Stove.
Our “ NORTH-WESTn High Oven Stove nearly always catches the farmer who takes time to examine it, and those who have bought one say it is just the thing.
Several kinds of Under-Oven Stoves on hand. See tl\em.
9
done in the usual prompt and satisfactory manner.
R. J. BLACK, Main St, SHAWVILLE.
O
Always in Stock a largo and well
HUGH MATHESON,
Sec.-Trcas
of.
# #
Worsteds,
Se rges,
Tweeds, Flannels, Prints, &c.
j Some Clothing is made to or=
| der, not made to fit.
! Shorey’s Clothing is made to
fit, not made to order. Every garment guaranteed.
| Sold only by the best dealers.
Iwhm —ill!"' ¦¦'"¦¦'¦Ill ¦¦ i mu» n« i III ¦mi ¦ ii ¦ I» " m ¦¦¦¦¦   HIM—
THE SEALSKINS AGAIN.
ha does no adian contention
Hows down hill, or the ground that it is
mm
!
These Goods are from the best Scotch, English and Canadian manufactories.
!
A Washing-
i
They have been selected with a view to
supplying people with the c an of goods they require, and they have been mark» d
that rr.uit sell them when ex
Shorey’s Ready Tailored Clothing can be obtained from the following firms in the
County of Pontiac :
at prices mined.
A, BOBBINS,
HflM* “
GEO. WALSH & SON, QUYON O’MEARA BROS., BRYSON.
f. a. Maloney, chapeau.
PROPRIETOR.
x




	
###PAGE###5###






mêlai,
FALL - 1899
Walkerville, Ont,, Sent. 30 — Nellie Petrie, a young girl employed in the pill department of Meairs. Parke, Davie & Co .'a laboratory, died eud dimly yesterday. A girl working near hor heard her say she was fainting, and beforeehe could catch he r she fell to tho floor dead. Heart disease is supposed to have been the cause of death.
An Ottawa nurse, Miss Agatha McCuaig, ghter of Captain R. E. McCuaig, em-employed in 8t. Vincent’s hospital, at Norfolk, Virginia, rescued ten persons from perishing in the conflagration of the institution mentioned, on Monday of last week. The story of her deeds on that occasions one of heroism seldom rivalled under any circumstances.
: «A
JAS.HOPE& Co.
mfÀNÜFAOTURIXO 9T\fIONBRS.BOOE8BL Ifl 1er., Bookbludere Printer», eto. Depository f the Ottawa Auilllrry tillileiloclety,0ttawa,0ut.
THE EQUITY,
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
FÜBL1.1UED EVRRY TUUHBDAT
AT 8HAWV1LLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ubllaher.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY FOR THE
Thoughts of cold weather will intrude with a natural inclination of the merchant’s mind to the goods needed for it.
JEWELLER
KEEPS
a setâcrr stoc k or
WATCHES,
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. SILVER WARB
Ac. Ac.
NOTARY 1MTBLI
RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVING» CO.,OF ONTARIO.
Will be in Shawvllle on the finit Tuesday of every month and remain until Saturday morning following.
dau
:o:
TO
ADVERTISING RATES i
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
Clothing and Underwear.
R. MITCHELL,
BAILIFF OF THE 8UPERIOR COURT.
for the District of Pontiac. Office. Main 81;, Hh ft w ville.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
ÜEPAfBtWI—*
A BpedALfTT.'
SHAWVILLE, Q.
High Quality, Low Prices, and a Superb Assortment are prominent features of our
... Clothiqg Business... .
Men’s and Ladies’ Underwear.
100 Dozen to select
from in Men’s Ribbed Shirts and Drawers,
Men’s Fleece-lined do Men’s All-wool do Men’s Extra Fancy do
Toronto, Ont., Sept. 20.—While eating dinner at the Albion Hotel, Archie Lamont, employed by tho Soi bye on their farm for the past thirty days, suddenly (¦QMtipMÉMH Dr. Walsh, who
was eummoned, extracted a piece of beef from his throat, but too late to save his
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
f
fell back in his chair.
Tho Shawville
life.
FACTORY.
SISII and DOOR
Winnipeg, Sept. 29.—Hilda Blake, the Bolf-confeeetd murderess of Mrs. Jnr. Lane, Brandon, has written a letter to Mrs. Stewart, Virden, staling that she murdered her son, who was found dead in the house and was supposed to have committed suicide. The Blake woman is evidently possessed of homicidal mania.
Cornwall, Ont., Sept. 28—Wm. Roy, a laborer on the new canal works at Cardinal, died on hie way to the Montreal general hospital last night from the of* feet# of injuries received in a landslide which took place in the canal works terday. Two men were caught in the slide. Roy had both legs and one arm broken.
The spot spot for—
JOB PRINTING.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
— ALL KINDS OF—
A Clean Shave.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Interior & Eiterior
E4T Your Turn next.
Publisher.
Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY of Ottawa.
Articles to be lnumlried forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
do
FINISH FOR
Houses 8c Verandahs
MANUFACTURED.
Business Cards.
do
do
MEDICAL.
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, &c. âc,
Kept In stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULABPRICBS.
District and Country.
F. M. A. McNaughton, B
yes-
Ladies’ Misses’ and Children s
Underwear
Graduate of McGill University,'
Will occupy the office of Dr. II. II. Knox during his absence.
Ten thousand people attended the Almonte fair on closing day—Thursday last.

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
B-antford, Out., Sept. 29. —Yesterday near the village of Kelvin, in Burford township, a man named Samuel Word, tired of life, first shot his faithful do* dead and blew out hie cwn brains. Wood was 60 years of age, and unmarried . He had had a lot of trouble and hie mind is supposed to have been unhinged. He placed the muzzle of the gun to hie head and pulled the trigger by means of a stick. The whole top of the roan’s head was blown off and he fell dead instantly close beside the body of hie four-footed companion.
During the past month 500 Hull men have left on engagements to work in the timber shanties.
Estimate* furnished.
O
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D-, C. M.,
From 10c. up to $1.00 per piece.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornes and Residence : J. H Armstrong's House, MAIN STREET • - SHAWVILL*.
THE HELL ELECTRIC CO.
There is a probability of an immense furniture factory being erected in Ottawa shortly.
Junior Judge Reynolds, of the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville, died at the hospital at Brockville on VVednea day.
Wet Weather Necessaries.
New lot of the latest approved style of LADIES’ & GENT’S WATERPROOFS, Sizes from 30 inch up to 60 inches.
Cara run at Intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minutes In the after noon, dally, Sundays included.
LEGAL.
Great Britain is recruiting horses and mules in the United States for the South African army corps. When she needs men she will get them a little fuither north, remarks the Ottawa Citizen.
Mr. E. B. Eddy, the well known veteran lumberman of Hull, has succeeded in collecting the handsome sum of $15,500 towards paying off the debt on the Ottawa Protestant Hospital.
Toronto, Ont., Sept. 28.—It is announc ed that a factory to employ 200 hands in tho manufacture of electric and gasoline automobiles will be established in Toronto early next spring for the supply of vehicles for the Canadian market.
The Central Canada Fair Association have a deficit of over $9,000 to face as the result of this year’s exhibition as the result of the bad weather and tho increased fares charged by the railway companies.
A terrible accident occurred at Lachute Monday night. A Mr. and Mrs. Sauve and their young child were out driving and in attempting to cross the C P. R. track the buggy was struck by th* engine and the occupants were instantly killed.
Under the authority of the Minister of tho Interior, a very neat and interesting book has been issued, the object of which is to bring before public attention, some of the numerous points of interest to be found in Canada’s great Northwest.
Among the British C lumbia exhibits intended for tho Pm is Exposition next year, is a section of a Douglas fir tree fourteen feet in diameter. The tree from which it was cut grew on Vancouver Island, and it coat $1,500 to get the section out to the main line of the C. P. R.
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
BOUEBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L. L,
The Rich in an House parlors were the scene of a happy gathering on Wednesday afternoon when the ceremony was consummated which made the genial proprietor and Miss Hannah Kimberly man and wife. Rev. Mr. Grenfell tied the nuptial knot in the presence of many friends of the interested parties. The bride was given away by her unde Mr. Hugh Wilkinson, of Brockville, and the groom was supported by Mr. XV. A. Doherty, of Chicago. The happy couple left by the evening O A. & P. S. train for Ottawa, Montreal and other points.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
WILL VISIT ShaWVILLI EVERY MONDAY.
Baggage promptly bandied
W. R. TAYLOR,
Ladies’ and Gent’s Umbrellas,
Our Stock cannot be surpassed.
flec.-Treas.
WM. GAMBLE,

BARRISTER, fto.,
169 Main Street,.........Hrix.
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over O. F. Hodglns' Store. Main St.
Arthur McConnell,
ATTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull. A. Que. will, atrequest.attendallcourte l n the district. Alloorrespondenceprompt-
bea'tShawvllUflrttThursdayofeach month.
We show the largest assortment of Dress |STEVENS RIFLES Goods and Silks in the County.
G. F. HODGKINS
?j< are guaranteed to be
I SAFE, SOLID,
Tî	-AJSTD
ACCURATE,
To Bais© $200,000.
- 4
A second meeting
Toronto, Sept. 27. held in the library room at Victoria university last night to discu.-e the proposal to start a fund to raise $200,000 for the college. It is proposed to try to raise $50,000 from students and graduates to be used, it is understood in enlarging and improving the campus, and also an attempt to raise $150,000 by a general appeal to the province to increase the endowment of the college.
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
4

«
'4 From tli©
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
» 4
Ÿ	$6.oo “Favorite”
Elliott & Barbers Mill ...........................
Go to
advocate, barrister.
230 MalrrSt. - Hull, Que #
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.)
Law business In District ot Pontiac attended to.
The “ IDEAL” No. 44 Is a fine rifle. ! I I ONE or OUR LEADERS, price only $10. ; | Kcguti .nteeit in every respect. Noth- j i ing cheap about It but the price.	!.
M.<le regularly In .39. .96 .*d .S3cel- j J Ibro rim-tire, .33-20 H I EV K\8, ,33*10, , , >j .SH-55 and. 41-10 center-flre.	> •
I IN SPECIAL SIZES, «13.00. J
Send stamp for complete Catalog and
llaud Book.
DALE BROS.
SHAWVILLE.
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Stoves,
!
Planing,
Matching Dressing
W. W. IRELAND,
PRICE OF PLOWS RAISED.
Tinware,
Decision of the Canadian Manufacturers of the Implement.
Toronto, Sept. 22.—A meeting of the manufacturers of the Dominion was held here today, when it was decided to advance the price of plows. The manufacturers state that for the past year they have been turning out these implements at a loss. The reason for this loss and for the proposed advance is that for months past the material used in the manufacture of plows has increased in price until it now costs $1.50 more to make a plow than it did a year ago. Fully ninety per cent, of the plow manufacturers of Canada were represented at the meeting.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court, factorlly.
SHAWVILLE -	______
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
-arar k îkkks ggs
made and prompt return sass ured
i
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
Ij. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL GO.,
p. o. Box mi,
QUE.

CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS*
and
B
Jobbing and Repairing
Sept. 20. —A very
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Stiatford, Ont heavy storm of wind, rain, thunder and lightning prevailed here on Sunday night. The Central Methodist Church was struck by lightning, but not seriously damaged. The barn ot C. McNamara near St. Paul’s was also struck and with its contents was totally destroyed.
some
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
GENERAL.
To buy well, watch the latest price* and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
—	- Samples Free
/HacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
J. J. TURNER,
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
ha ml for sale; Office : Shawvllle, Que.
Port Arthur, Sept. 27.—After wander, ing about in the wilds of the Nepigon region for seven days and subsisting for five days upon one partridge, having thrown aside all their belonging# except blankets, Messrs. Kendall and Eastman, the two Americans who were lost a week ago on Saturday last, have been rescued in a weak and hopeless condition by Indians who hailed them forty miles from tho point at which they were first missed.
all demands supplied for
A FOUR MILLION ROAD.
C. P. R. Expects to have it Before
the Snow Flies.
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
WM. BARBER
J. G. ELLIOTT.
DALE BROS.
Court Shawville,
No. 276.
Mr. T. G. Shaugh
Montreal, Sept. 25 nessy, president of the C. P. R , stated today that the company hopes to have the Columbia and Western roid, now in course of construction from Robson, on the Columbia to Midway, on the Kettle river, completed before the snow flies. The grading is all done, but there are yet about 25 miles of iron to bo laid. When the C. P. R has the boundary district opened up it will have cost them about $4,000,000, the line being 100 m les long, and averaging $40.000 per mile. The company gets no subsidy on this
line.
SHAWVILLE, QUE*
— Highest Prices paid tor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
An Earthquake
|Ïo.fJ
Ay..
p. s.
Always creates a lot of excitement. ;
Incidentally wo might remark that
our splendid and well selected stock )r^pmft|PIT, w nmimPR
of general merchandise is creating ij PROMPTLY SECURED
a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
Meets the 4tb Wednes day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F.S
8
»

Toronto, Sept. 25.—This is a true story, for the snake remains to prove it :
This morning Walter Dean, boat-builder at Sunnyaide, within the city limits, was walking along the lake shore near his boathouse when he found a huge snake in a dying two killed it and triumph. It measured 9 feet 8 inches in length and 9 inches in circumference at the widest part. The head is flat, the general color black with gold markings; while the belly is gray and white. The place where it was found is near High Park, but no one ever saw a snake of anything like its dimensions there. Scientists will be asked to classify it.
- L.B.C.
WILL RAISE $25,000.
Directorate of Presbyterian Ladies College to aid the Century Fund.
The board of directors of thePiesbv ian Ladies’ college, Ottawa, contemplates raising the sum of $25,000 for the college as part of the million dollar century fund of tho church. The scheme has been received with favor by the Presbyterian clergy, and at the recent meeting of the Presbytery they subscribed nearly $1,000 among themselves towards tho commendable object. The friends of the college in the city and throughout tho synod of Montreal and Ottawa will be called upon. Rev. Dr. Armstrong and Rev. Jas. A. Macfariane are taking subscriptions.
DESTRUCTIVE EARTHQUAKE. •
One Thousand Lives Lost near
Smyrna.
London, Sept.28.-The Echo today says the Greek government was informed yesterday that the severe shock of earthquake around Smyrna killed a thousand persons, injured eight hundred and demolished two thousand houses and two villages.
A despatch to the Associated Press from Smyrna, September 20, said that a disastrous earthquake had occured that morning at Aidio, a town on the Mender, 81 miles south-east of Smyrna.
Write for our interesting books “ Invent; or's Help" and "How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of y cur
invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty nf «milltentions rejected in other hands.
J. A. Cowan, R 8.
Hugh Hobbs, 0. R.
The Farmer
HOTELS.
condition. A blow or Dean took it home in
Highest references furnished.
MARION & MARION PATENT SOLICITORS & EXPERTS
Society of Civil Engineers.
( NEW YORK LIFE 0'10'C., MONTREAL 0AM. OFFICES : < ATlAHT!C BUILDING.. WASHINGTON, DO.
ter-
will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes.
The Housewife
St. Lawrence Hall,
FAP FOR SALE.
m9
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress#
Good Accommodation. Table and Bur always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
For sale, a Farm containing 205 acres of land (more or less) situated on the 12th range of Clarendon, and being Front Halves of Lots No. 7 and 8. The premises are well improved and watered by Quyon river, and within half a mile of two churches and a school. For fuller par-
North Clarendon.
Will also be pleased to learn that, our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. Wo have everything she ly require to make the homo happy d comfortable.
The town council of Gravonhurst is ad opting advanced legislation on sanitary lines. The increasing number of com sumptivee, who resorted to the town, made some action to lirait the danger to the citizens imperative. List summer there were as many as sixty tuberculosis patients in the town, some far too advanced in the disease to be admitted to the sanitarium, others for whom there was no A bydaw has been drawn up providing that all boarding houses shall be licensed, and that special permits be issued to such as are prepared to take in consumptive patients. These latter are to be regularly inspected. A by-law also requires both householder and physician to notify the local board of health of
of tuberculosis. Another
50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
pnNTIAC HOUSE
ma
an
" »

•r



*jâ
In Conclusion,


WANTED :—$2 per day sure, gentlemen or ladies ; special w ork ; position permanent; reliable firm, with best refer
eticee ; experience ttnneewa
s. IL FRY,
Field Manager, Torento.
r



¦
Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up-to-date general store.
e
Trade Marks Designs
ryvvw	Copyrights Ac.
¦.rares» SftRggfiM
«.rasas
¦«aa sas
$peeial notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.

room.
Address :
SILAS YOUNG
KA^-Starke’s Corners.
To PATENT Good Ideu
i
agents wanted-for -the life
tea
Bldg., Chicago.
1
A handsomely 111 net rated weekly. Largest etr-culatlon of any sdenttfle journal. Terms, S3 » year ; four months, $L Sold by all newsdealers.
NUNN & Co
Branch Office 1
every case clause prohibits, under the penalty, cx« pectoration by consumptives in public }l’.aees. The bydaw was heartily approved by the provincial board of health.
our aid. Address, THE PATENT RECORD,
Mu»**#-,. new York
636 F PU Washington, D.C.-
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL,
PROPRIETOR





l





^ r





###PAGE###6###

rWfN

V-
CAUSE OP THE AURORA
th* Infested trees end two-thlrde the relue of uninfested trees.
DAM AUK OVERESTIMATED.
U'hB runuuissionere here been un-*|)le to form a definite end reliebje J, .lament us to the vitality of the scale and * lie injury likely to be done It by lbe Canadian climate. they were forced to the conclusion, however, that t ho damage in Ontario has been somewhat overestimated# In regard to n.mplalnti about inspection, the com-
find that they have arisen from owners and on-
THE SAN JOSE SCALE
her off more clearly in the ' mellow, softening twilight, ua one of the very daintiest, sweetest, fairest creatures that ever adorned this earth fixed i her so
forward and held out her hand.
"It is )ou," she said simply, but in a tone of unmist ikable welcome.
119 took her hand and held it fast,
fully
or t be Free-
c
•rleatlfle Tletrln Which Are Mel*
leg Mere Then Théorie*.
The cause of the aurora Is still shrouded In mystery. Its electrical character can hardly toe questioned, and yet when it shows Itself there i# no great manifestation of atmospheric electricity near the earth a surface. Nearly all those who have tried to account for the existence of visible elce-tricity high up in the air have differed in their explanations that electricity is produced by the coagulation of the particles condensed from the humid vapors oni the margin of the polar ice caps; &nd that these particles are illuminated of the current through them the streamers being columns of such brightened particles ascending from the lower to higher and electrically opposed strata of the
In all probability loe
Sweet is True Love.
His
COMMISSIONERS REPORT THE DAMAGE OVERESTIMATED.
g-lie brought a faint blush to ft cheeks: she came hurriedly
The water near the stone row high —quite as high as she had predicted.
As he reached her he took her m his
"Tuck your dream well round you. '
Your looking glass would give you ^ said, "or It will get into the water, a very fair description, ' replied he, Rnd d(m t stiVi and I will take you
without looking at her.	safely. Now. supposing you wore the
She frowned slightly, and then dis- millere daughter, what au infinitely missed her anger as unfounded. After morB diffiitl{t task this would be than all. many a man had paid her oompli- u Is at preient. llow light you why should she resent this Rfe p
one in particular?	ti	"Do you say that with a view to
"Here is the spot you mean, she pelf.8Upport f asked Katherine, un-¦aid. quietly, pointing to a broad, dark n^je £0 reaiat laughing at the absurd-pool, which seemed almost a resting -^v 0£ whole affair, place in the centre of the stream. "No. indeed. 1 should not mind There had been a good deal of ra n carrying you so—forever.” for the past few days, and the river	should mind it very much,
was much swollen. Here and there it t0|lod Katherine.
rose above its banks. About a yard And lhen thediy ground was reach-distant from the edge of the meadow ed RRd	was gently placed upon
on which they stood, whore \\ arrenne ^	No, i haven’t,'1 Katherine exclaim-
set vigorously to work to prepare his '	poor little feet, ' said Sir w ith a merry ringing laugh; "it in as
rod and choose his choicest fly. a	regarding the wet boots that old ns the bills, and bus 1 am afraid,
large stone rose high in the stream. C0Ve!X,(l her tiny feet, with much com- frightened you. Am 1 looking very
and. being flat, formed a secure stand- paasjon "whet can I do tor tln m f hideous, then, or what is it that you
ing place.	.	"Oh, look at yourself 1” cried Kathe- stare at me so strangely? Why, 1
"I think, ' said Katherine, point- rine	thought—moving a few yards away
ing to it. "U I stf'od there 1 could see ».you are dripping I You will oer- from him, and glancing back over her you better and be nearer to you. ^ taintv catch your death ot cold. Do shoulder with indescribable grace at "That would b> an advantage to me. nQ( ,‘hiuk 0f mv._i am comparatively the long trailing skrit behind her—'1 he remarked, calmly, without reittov- Comfortable compared with you. funded that, in spite of my smallness, ing his eyes from his flybook ; in a Thnk only of yourself/'	1 W:ia looking the very personification
in nute or two I will put you there. . £ coUjd not (io th;lt, Katherine. ' of dignity.”
"If vou jump on to it. and give me aMerted the man, feeling he would "You are looking only too your 6and. 1 cau spring there easily, ,adly gc in Hgaiu, ewn up to his lovely,” Warrenne told her, coming
said she.	vhin if bv so doing be could earn per- over to her side and «peaking in a
"1 dpubt it; it is further than you mission ^ kigs tiie exquisite face rais- tone of such warm, undeniable admira-think. B ‘tier let me carry you across;; ^ gQ tenderly to hl8. "No? the ques- lion that the girl could hardly: fail to my boots—that you so admired aw hi. e tioQ -g gkall we make# tor the mill or feel pleased; while at the same mom-ago—will prevent my getting the fun ^ f„	eut an intense mud longing arose in
least wet."	„	.	.	-Run home,” said Katherine; "It is his heart to catch her in, his arms—an
"No, I need not give you all that nQt go v far aud £ do not thmk |e>tremely foolish, not to say repre-
80 much. 1 th(i mill<ar g Sunday clothes would be h ndble pro ending, wh oh he refrainbecoming to either you or me.” jed Loin putting into execution "You •Whereupon they started, and ran wore going for a walk. Miss Blount for a considerable way through the ; he said, presently. "May l come with meadows scarcely heeding their wet you?	..	,
g.irmi*nta, so blithely danced the blue I	am going down to the off-pad-
in iheir young Tvina.	uo k to seo the new volt." sho answer-
"I don’t think you will come fishing ed. and you may come with me it with me again.” said Sir Mark, «ten you like.
they stopped to recover breath. ’’When After which gracious permission on we started this morning, you. little the part of the majestic little lady thought there was such ta treat in they sauntered along together through store for you '	the soft velvet grass.
"And where are my trout f" asked On one side of then* rose
K;l'D,d i'not'Zy iash:»Sd cLtch nonet ’ Shielded from* their view a narrow
ssras a-5.\3Bs, "5-.SS
of skill, that came between me and	which, about a hundred yards further
fort nne tn-d-iV *	0n* one hud accesa a TUStlO Stile ID
•There i. always something. If a breach in the hedge into the field that sluice had never given way, I be- where they now were. XV hen they You won’t let me carry you, then?” iieve\.ou wollid have the same story had come to within about fifty paces of persuasively.	to tell	1 stile, Miss Blount stopped sudden»
"No, thank you I would not let you	^:i your insinuations," said he; ly, and glanced up at her companion
imagine me so helpless."	"but here we are at the house. Now with a half-amused amde.
"The risk be on your head! cried run up stairs directly and change your What is Uf he asked.
; and springing to the rocky stone tb while I beg pardon and the use My shoe, she answered, it has in question, he stretched out his hand	f h® ardrub, fI0m Mr. B ount."	come undone; the string is loose, and if
to her.	,	At the manor they always dined	I go another step it will certainly
It was a considerable distance, but eariy_that is, about five oclock; come off altogether.
Miss B.ount cleared it successfully. ft J hich ^^een eight and nine. Let me fasten it for yon. Sir Mark and landed high and dry beside him. ^here wa8 regularly laid ou% a certain proposed, gravely and Miss Blount
HHBB
wwmm
3	stood him in good stead here/ blanch-
ing his whole face certainly, bub leaving his smile as unembarrassed and pleasant as usual.
"Good-evening, Warrenne,” he said, carelessly, holding out his hand fancied somehow all day that you would be down this evening. I want to speak to you by and' by about that pointer of yours. Going to see the Duke.' Katherine? ( hurried back quick as I could to accompany you. but now you have Sir Mark it doesn’t matter, and it happens very well, as 1 have some letters to write. But” —* with a smile—"do not be longer than you can help, dear, as I want my coffee badly, and, besides, the dew is beginning to fall heavily.*'
With which little brotherly speech, and a parting kindly touch upon her shoulder, he went on his way, to all outward seeming perfectly composed.
Perhaps he imposed upon Sir Mark —future events proved that he did, more or less—but on his cousin he certainly did not. Sne had known him too long not to understand by this time what alone could whiten his brave, handsome face, or cause hand that rested on her arm» when passing to burn with such a dry, throbbing heat.
RmioillANi for Rxiemtantlea ef Ihe Fmi —Will t'ont a Considérable »»» •'
Money.
That the damage to fruit trees in the Province of Ontario by reason of the ravages of the San Jose scale has been somewhat overestimated was one of the salient points brought out by the commission appointed by the Ontario Government to investigate the matter. The report was received by the Minister of Agriculture a few days ago, and recommended that further operations be carried on to exterminate the pest if possible commissioners appointed James Mills, Chairman, President of the Agricultural College at Guelph; Prof John Dearness of London, and
but still made no answer, bei occupied in trying to account alteration in her appearance ently. h iving submitted to his scrutiny very quietly for * few moments, she spoke again ha.f coquet is h y, half confusedly, thus time.
‘Have you nothing to say to me?”
"Yes, l hive plenty," Warren ne answered, still punled, but drawing himself up ns though to shake off, or at least loosen, the spell that was closing round him
you are a little different, 1 fancy— you are changed ¦	NNgg
lievod look and a feei ng of inspiration —"you have a new dress ou, have you
not?"
t
missioners
In must cases	.	,	.
lookers, not knowing the instructions under which the inspectors were work-While with exceptional instances the work of inspection has boon faithfully done, still a good deal of irritation and ill-feeling has been caused by inspectors entering orchards without informing the owners, and by the severe blazing of trees with axe and spade. They think that in future h less offensive manner of marking trees should be adopted, and they express the opinion that in the past there has sometimes been an apparent lack of due regard for the feelings and natural rights of owners.
The commissioners recommend that the work of inspection bo continued for some time in a modified way; that none hut certified and approved men be. etatoloyed, that the inspector bo authorized to destroy at once all shrubs and trees which show signs of serious injury from the scale or have (heir trunks and principal branches injured bv the scale; single infested (ri es and shrubs of unprofitable varieties or in an unhealthy condition, even though they may not be very much injured by th escale; single infested branches or limbs on trees which apte be otherwise free from infec-
___; that all infested trees and shrubs
except the above and all exposed trees bo treated according to the
MOST APPROVED METHOD,
that large discretionary powers be given to the inspector in dealing w ith isolated infestations in districts which are otherwise free, or supposed to be free, from the scale. This work should be done by the Government, but the owner of the trees should pay for the material and board the men and horses during the time of treatment. Owners of trees not so badly infested should bo required to treat them by a prescribed method once a week, at least from the time of notice till the 15th
O tobor**™* be paid one-quarter of their value without discount, the fruit on the tree to be regarded as part of its value. The method of valuation should be modified, so that the owner may be represented in some way. The fumigation of nursery stock should be done under official supervision, and nurserymen required to attach to every i>arcel of stock sold a certificate of fumigation.
The suggestions of the commisaion-
Fisher holds
ing
ments
somehow, to-night
but
Oh” — with a ro-
The
were Dr
atmosphère grains play a part In the phenomenon, for one of the features of auroral displays ia the frequent falling of froi-spicula from the sky. There is h well-authenticated case of a French artist, who, while sketching, felt them tailing on hi» hands. Biot ia alone in maintaining that the luminosity of the aurora is real clouds of metallic
matter lit up by electricity, and arranged like magnets in the air Para*“ lei to the dipping needle. IM 1< held that the light I» created by the interchange of positive and negative currents between the colder and warmer regions of the atmosphere. " r «
Loomis tends very
Be be-
W. H. Bunting of St. Catharines.
The questions touching the operation of the Snn Jose scale were, briefly : The localities in which it existed outside of the Niagara section and Ka-and Kent; if it was confined to
and whether the de-
rn
sex
those sections struction of the infested trees would
check the further spread; if it was practicable to combat it by the means before adopted with hoj>e of success; as to the danger through the scale be-carried from the United States side of the Niagara River, and the that might be taken to combat
pear
lion
mg
theory of Prof much in the same direction lieves that the abundant vapors ascending from the equatorial seas carry into the higher region* of the atmosphere quantities of positive electricity, while the electricity of the earth remains negative. The positive current is conveyed by upper air currents toward the pole, where an interchange of electricity takes place *s soon as a certain tension is reachetv The interchange is effected through
spaces of the least resistance—which
the upper air regions are known to be—and the streaming electricity becomes luminous, and constitutes the familiar auroral b?am». The current# returning through the earth are h© d to ba the case of the magnetic variations and the disturbances in telegraph wires. These "northern lights, which have so long mystified ma; m-and scientists, and been a source of dread to superstitious people, have been produced on a email scale m a darkened laboratory. In disassociate
mmmmrn
mmmmm
chardist in the infested areas.
That a plan, something like that submitted herewith, be adopted, to encourage every owner of an orchard in
the Province to make a careful inspeo-1 low the < bnraeler or the Wearer way
Denoted by It.
means
this ; whether opposition to the pro-
touble. I can manage fanqy ; you forget I am not a town-bred young lady, unequal to any C
art ion. "	. . ,
“It would not give me any trouble.
on the contrary, it would
visions of the scale act was unanimous or whether adversity of opinion existed, in the infested areas and in the unlnfosted areas; what changes might be made in the mode of procedure; how the work of inspection had been performed ; that the commissioners make any suggestions to lead to a complete suppression of the pest.
OPENING OF lHti INQUIRY.
up
ex-
bo said
be a pleasure. And if you were to Jump short, and get wet, I should never forgive myself. Besides, think of the dreadful scolding I should receive from Mr. Blount.”
"1 don t think you would," remarked Katherine, dryly. "Ccme, how long you are arranging your flies 1 I shall think you a mere tyro in the art if vou do not hurry.”
"When you speak to me in that tone you make me tremble, and all my skilful knots come undone. Now 1 believe I am ready at last. '
"Then help me over,” she exclaim-
Owners of trees should
a tall effectually
The inquiry was started on June 20, and ended July 14, the commissioners visiting the Counties of Lincoln, W el-land, Wentworth, Elgin, Kent and Esin Ontario, also the 'New York
sex,
side of the Niagara River, and Cataw-
One hundred and
ba Island in Ohio sixty-eight witnesses were examined
altogether.
As to the extent of the infestation, the greatest Is in one corder of Niagara Township, near Niagara-on-the-Lake, and in the Township of Harwich, Kent County, in the neighborhood of Gould’s Postoffice infestation at Kingsville, and smaller ones at St. Catharines, Winona, Burin 91
era
ed
he
c o in-
i'her u is limited
lington and near Chatham
other cases trees planted within the last two years were found Infested. These were all destroyed, and this year’s inspection failed to discover scale in any but 13 out of the 91 places, scale was found in five nurseries, but the infested stock was destroyed. While the worst areas of infestation were not large they were in good fruit districts, and the inspector estimated it would be necessary to destroy 156,‘200 trees to be reasonably sure of extrem-üiating the scale.
DESTRUCTION NOT A REMEDY.
The commissioners are in doubt as to the possibility of checking the further spread of the scale and eventually exterminating it by the destruction of the trees as provided by the San Jose scale act. While the inspector thinks the scale can he exterminated by prompt and vigorous enforcement of the act the commissioners incline to the opposite opinion, and they are satisfied the result oan be secured only by a very large expenditure of money and something like a guarantee that the work will be done promptly and the object undoubtedly accomplished.
There is not much ground for alarm to danger of reinfestation from the United States side of the Niagara River the commissioners believe
The opposition to the provisions of the scale act, the commissioners state, is not unanimous. The majority of those whose orchards are infested or in immediate danger of infestation are strongly opposed to the enforcement of the act on the present lines, because the compensation is very much less than it should be, and because the owners are not consulted in any way» either as to the variety, condition or value of the tree to be taken out as a third reason for their conviction that the extermination of the scale is impossible, tain that they option of treating their trees. Nine-tenths of the witnesses whose orchards are not supposed to be in immediate danger are in favor of the act, but advises an amendment which would provide for larger compensation, not less than 50 per cent, of the value of
THE MUSTACHE.
tion of his orchard next winter, with a view to discover whether or not there is any San. Jose scale in it.
Much has been said of late about telling character by the mouth. This is all right so far as it goe with the women, or witttmen who always wear a smooth face, but most men wear mustaches. The shape and size of the mustache may tell as much the shape and size! of the month
rarely hides a fine mouth.
that is.
PAVEMENTS MADE OF HUMAN
SKULLS.
At Gwnn'lu in Africa, which contains between 10,000 and 10,000 inhabitants, the town, which is oval in shape, is
as
surrounded by a palisade of tree poles, the top of every pole being crowned I ^ ke	a mustache he does so
rrr sLstm:
skulls, the tops being the only parta tache was worthy of preservation, that show above ground. More than .	. . trains it carefully so that it
;;v"„d HJfsrssz .«•-«»» w.... ......
ment is of snowy whiteness and beauty or strength. W omen do noo
polished to the smoothness of ivory | bave all the vanity, by the daily passage of hundreds of naked feet.
A man
is laid with
as
There is the man who wears a heavy mustache to hide an ugly mouth or teeth, or to disguise his feelings, llo
FLATTERY.	^
Mrs. Tubbs.—Were you ever lost. No dandy would bj guilty of sucH Mr. Tubbs?	- a monstrous affair. His mustache
Mr. Tubbs.—Once.	must be fine and delicate, at least
Mrs. Tubbs.—When f	graceful, and readily trained into
Mr. Tubbs.—When I first saw you I graceful little curls at the ends. 1: was lost in admiration; and I may he is really fine in his natuie, tne add that I have not since been found, quality ot the hair is silky ana so ,
easily curling, and per naps even
An even tempered
a see __
going fishing with you now and then.
She had to call out to him pretty loudly now. as he had deserted his {irst position and had gone further down the stream to try his luck elsewhere.
The sluice of the mill stream had old and rotten. It had been
age
e i
Many of them also add
certain might prove Now Katherine
slightly peculiar in the point of dress —u peculiarity that at intervals might almost be called odd, not to say fantastical; and to-night, about an hour before Sir Mark’s arrival, feeling tired and listless with nothing to do—Blackwood having gone out after dinner to a neighboring farm upon some business covering 0f ^ uncle’s — she had gone up stairs
to an old lumber room, when, poking here and there in a vague, unthinking manner, she had come suddenly upon a rich, black satin dress of her mother's — fresh and good, certainly, but extremely old-fashioned—which had at once taken her girlish fancy.
She tried it on. it fitted to perfection. almost as though it had been made expressly for her, and, havirig been originally intended for full dress, leaving the arms and neck quite bare, seemed the very thing for such a enervating evening as the pre-
groxvn
trembling to its fall for some time past. The heavy rains of the previous day had given the finishing touch, and with a sudden crash, a dull rattling, it gave way, and down came the water with a rush. Onward it cam© to where Katherine stood, half frightened, yet hardly understanding—not the danger, certainly, because there little, but—the discomfort of her
Nearly all these mam-should be allowed the
naturally wavy 1
.	. disposition is indicated by the soft
Mrs. Jaggs, time 2 a,m.—What in and well curved lips showing beneath
the world kept you so late?	this mustache.
Mr. Jaggs—W-why, hie, m’dear, jus' The very thin and light mustache as I was cornin’, hie, 'long firsht shing jg insipid, like its owner, and goes with know’d was held up by shix or sheven thin lips and a selfish nature. This highwaym'a on, hie, darksh street. sort 0f a mustache goes with a very Mrs. Jaggs—Well, it's a good thing weak mouth and poor teeth, they happened to be there to hold you ^he fierce, bristling mustache which up. You never could have done it hides nothing, but stands straight up, yourself.	| like stubble in a wheat field, shows
extremely harsh nature, bad temper and general uncouthness. A man with a mustache constantly on t defensive, as it were, like sentinels,
is one to b3 avoided.
This is quite different from the long military mustache, with waxed ends, which is supposed to be quite fierce, but which is not so, in fact. The military is quite distinctive from the French fashion, which is also a waxed mustache, and is arranged with as much care as any other part ot the
toilet.
ped mouth, which denotes ohatinaof and lack ot sympathy or feeling
COULDN'T HOLD HIMSELF UP
"I
was
position, until the water, the stone and rising to her feet, showed it to her.
"Sir Mark 1 ' she cried, eagerly.
He had followed his line down the stream, and was unconscious of her
situation.	ALI
"Sir Mark 1 ' she cried, again, this timi more loudly, and, looking! up, he what had happened, and ran to
The water had over-
GRA1NS OF GOLD.
an
REDUCING EXPENSES.
Cares are often more difficult throw off than sorrows; the latter die with time; the former grow upon it — Richter.
If we fasten our attention on what have, rather than on what we lack little wealth is sufficient.—F.
to
Bingel—Well, old boy, how are you getting along? Business improving
Jug le, struggling merchant—A little, I’ve succeeded in reducing expenses abcut fifteen dollars a week.
How did you
y
saw
her assistance ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ flowed the banks on either side, and tb» jump that had been so happily formed a few minutes since was now totally impracticable.
"Afar all. I shall haveTto carry you jver this time." he could not resist saying, though troubled that the mishap should bave befallen her.
"But. you cannot come in, ' cried
you will be
we
a very Johnson.
Open your mouth and purse cautiously and your stock of wealth and reputation shall, at least in repute, be great.—Zimmerman.
The true source of cheerfulness is
The soul that perpetual-
That’s encouraging
do it?	n I
Married my typewriter
warm
sent.
She would go down stairs and see what Blackwood would say to her when he returned, and. passing through the garden, she stopped to decorate her hair and neck and belt with some pieces of brilliant scarlet
almost
NO WONDER
benevolence ly overflows with kindness and sympathy will always be cheerful.—Goodwin.
Katherine, in dismay; wet up to your waist, and— ' "What matter?” said he. valiantly, taking off his coat.
1 But, indeed, Sir Mark, I cannot allow it. If you go to the mill the old man will send some one to my relief. #	. ^
"And in the meantime you will stay there catching your death ot cold ? You must think me either very dell-
chicken hearted, to allow that. • said Sir Mark, who had already entered the water, end was wading toward her.
the
coming directly afterwards, upon
geranium, immediately Mark Warrenne in all her new-found
bravery.
For a moment the young man was silent, and could do nothing but stare at her, so beautiful a vision did she appear to him just then, with her gleaming white neck and arms, and delicate, laughing face. No matter how old the dress might be, no matter how ancient and out-of-date, it suited her; its very antiquity only serving to show
Sir
To be Continued,
PHOTOGRAPHIC PAINTER.
Photographer—That is certainly a good picture for an amateur—very good. How did you manage to get yucb a pleased expression on the gentleman's .face?
Amateur—1 told h m I waan t going to charge anything.
A GOOD SUBSTITUTE.
Clare. So that Gotrox girl didn't succeed in capturing a lord, after all.
Maud.—No; but she married a baron, and thev say he gets as drunk as a
lord.
AWAY OFF.
Yeast.—The north pole seems to be
away off, doesn't it?
Crimsonbeok.—Yes ; and so do the fellows who think they oan find It.
Mrs. Sourly—Mrs. Vanderyssl and
her sister ibave ma.de up. Mrs. S wee tig
saw them any other way.
cate or ver
never

###PAGE###7###
of
delicious and wholesome way of cooking. While, in bulling, it is not expedient to leave the cover entirely off, on account of it* reducing the tempe rapture too much, it should be left far enough on to allow for the free escape of the «team. Cabbage, cauliflower or epinach, cooked in thia way, retain their natural color, and are much more digestible.
tlflo achievements of thousands years ago. But all of these could be restored to usefulness, and the ri# h# soil, almost virgin now after its cen-RAILROAD SOON TO RUN THROUGH I turies of rest, could once more be THAT INTERESTING PLACE. | br?“l*h,t ,0 *ield abundantly t* it»
cultivators.
Iran to Hal Id u line lo the Persia#, 1 h® record of the railroad, which hair 4i..ll-ft<i»r<kt»i AIhh,i Ike Ceuairy been in operation only for a **"/****'
""""	— :.“.dc’s vsrigTlWSi*
*•	after. The first year of its overa-
The report comes from Europe that tion this railroad carried 300 carload# an English syndicate has secured a of wheat, the second it had 700 of that
concession from the Suit.»	» £u“d tout’T'ckr load, 'of*/™*'
to build a railroad through the Eu- 8econd	xhe fir8t year there were
phrales Valley to the Persian Gulf. If j 400 car loads of corn, the second there
this be true, as is most probably the were 700.
—• -	»“ -	«• " I is :2h
I he world’s markets. 1_ I has done much to alter the character
Headers of Genesis will remember | of the country, to build up towns, to
open factories and bring good European colonists to cultivate its soil. One verses 8-14, that "The Lord God plant- ot the chief bars to the progress of the
ed a garden eastward in Eden; and ; country has been the shiftless Turkish there he put man whom he had form- inhabitants. 'I hey will not use any
- •	—> r; "	z
Eden to water the garden, and from (jQ not know whaty a harrow is, and a
thence it was parted, and became into cultivator or harvesting machine is
four beads," or si reams, two of which Knf,|'1 b»ng **niir*iy beflDttd their com-
pifhensiuû. All they care for is
|||l||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||eiioiLi	coffee	enough to-
ll is reasoned from these statements baceo to smoke
thte deck was what he had In this case pretty nearly accomplished, for it whs 5 o’clock. She took a peep through the bedroom door, her tidy soul revolting nt tfoo dreadful disorder reign-i Lug within, and there he lay, flushed and stupid as ever.
Something in the expression of his face, and, more than that, the absence of thle scent of liquor, caused her to observe him more closely. She entered, but with hesitation, and laid her hand upon bis forehead end more of close scrutiny and then Elsie Heed hastened out, and after a looked up and down the quiet road in a vain search for someone to send, she prepared herself to go for a physician.
Details attending the illness of a patient running a course of fever are neither interesting nor necessary to the telling of my story. Suffice it that no patient was ever more carefully nursed, still it was tihe time of fruition and frost, even, before John Reed pared for laundry work, stood again in hi» garden. Gradu- Thc aecret (>f „ goodsmoolb finish to
iMJ .wss&v,"?:.1 st «i«i. » »"•
till now, as he stood among the nut- of starching. This must be carefully umnal beauty of hie garden and look- done. Spread a shirt bosom over a
"Cr	5 Sf&FiS =
home one night and blustered around that wearing fever had attacked him, 8ht>u|d not tM3 a crinkle in the linen
«ES? E'5 S «-EES
and she had turned upon him like an not as Jutm Reed had expected or hop- n^bands are' trial ed the same way enraged tigress and stormed at him and it wi^ with ft troulded heai t and the shirt is again hung out to dry.
around the place, and hud seemed to be which Elsie, who scarcely evt r '*>v with the rollers pressed as tight to-what ho would she could not soften, j £*	» ^%^'"o^%y'l..l'spHng"l
but felt herself grow harder still to- | <lid you a grPat wrong ; one that I find	PRACTICAL RECIPES.
ahe decided to go away whew she could L^t minemhto thing; "vt really IT ter, one egg, three teas^onfuls of bak-not see bun at all, hoping that in time ! Still no sign or word from Elsie. Y ou . ,K)wder Flavor with cloves, cinna-the feeling that now possessed her will at least say good-bye to me? I mon and nutmeg. Cream the butter,
=TZ EF	a» H-'HHB
supply of victuals and made other nr- I 'llie rolling pin was vigorously plied OVpn* rangements for hie comfort and left &nd still no word was spoken by the
the house, emitting to mention to him	her. "Jcwd-bye,” he one half cup of sugar, one half cup of
that she was g^ng. He leaned on his	in a voice the pain and despair butter one half cup of sweet milk, two
mmémmm
bitter toward him indeed.	| „Ik £t kisses and tears together. "By in shallow pans.
Finding that she did not return that ; God’s help, I will keep what I have re- Boiled Icing—Boil one cup of granu-nig-ht, nor the «next, day, nor for many gained,” he said, and he did.	]ated sugar with four tablespoonfuls
sEttuê1"'Err SS is	phivateT^V7hem«.	°!T£«r“l'1T.d;°"
patience for years and that night when j	-- white of one egg and 1^"^ the simp
this bitter feud which was now sep- 4	reep Into the II nine Life of Melioln* of slowly into it, beating all t ne -
arating them began he bad- The	Flavor. Spread on cake while warm.
Be S SmS I rsïKfflï
ful of salt, two teaspoonfuls of lemon
teaspoonful of vanilla.
18 TIE GARDEN OF EDEN
i
I
About the House.
STARCHING SHIRTS.
After they have become "bone dry” put the shirts, collar and cuffs through a wheat starch made by pouring foaming hot water overt smooth batter obtained by stirring wheat flour and cold water together, until it is the consistency of thin cake batter. This should be boiled slowly for two hours and then strained through a cheesecloth to have It perfectly free of lumps. Add to each quart of boiling starch a teaspoonful of white wax such as is especially pre-
It doesn't make a particle of difference what he does or does not do, 1 can never, never love him again I” Es lie Reed looked at her husband ne he walked up the garden path, and If he could have known her feelings regarding him he would have been perhaps far less hopeful than he was Far lesa hopeful that some time in the future they would be to each other as they cmne had been—loving and kind. He was looking bloated and red and needy, and the very sight of him disgusted bis wife, tithe had no faith in him, albeit he had not drunk anything intoxicating for three weeks; she was expecting him to come home in the usual reelüng, maudlin condition ev-
TEA WITH THE QUEEN.
But a mom-
International Congre»* of Women Elated Orer Her Mnjc»ty,ft ttraeloiMnea» In lO-rrlving Them,
London
The
Daily Telegraph contains a full column report of the visit of the members of the Inter-
national Congress of Women t o Her Ma jest y at Windsor indeed did a little group of the colonial and foreign delegates lay before their president, the Countess of Aberdeen, their great desire to see the sovereign under whose guidance women's spheres of influence have broadened so much. Lady Aberdeen endeavored to gratify their desire by asking in what direction her Majesty in ght be driving some afternoon, that the ladies might station themselves at a given spot to enjoy the privilege. To the keen satisfaction of herself and all the council and international officers, the Queen intimated that it would be her pleasure tut receive at Windsor Castle all those officially attending from over the seas, that tea would be provided, and although the Court was in residence the
rail to the site of the Garden of Eden,
The railroad
Very modestly
as it is located by the Bible
that it is stated in the second chapter,
»
beneficent
ed
were the Tigris and the Euphrates.
They will not sit in the seats on the railway, but squat un the floor, so that at last it was ^necessary to take out the seats and leave the passenger coaches almost like cattle cars. Some of them at first refused to utilize the ! cars for riding or for shipping, but « this prejudice is now passing away, as the Valley of the Euphrates will pass the increased earnings of the railway
The chief dependence for the future, however, lies not upon tbs present population, but upon the immigrants which the railway brings The importance of the project does witb it. Instead of taking days tc
....	». ™	... i„... “Mr	% %
great country which will be opened to shipped in hours by the railway, trade and European influence by this! THE KPAR&E POPULATION, railway. fJ he project of building a which seemed to be an objection at railroad from Constantinople to the first, now proves an advantage forth#
Persian Gulf was broached many years' newcomers from Europe have no difficulty in finding all the room they require.
that the Biblical Garden of Eden was
in Mesopotamia, the district lying between the Rivers Tigris and Euphrates
This being the case, it is no exaggeration to say that the new railroad which is to be constructed along
through the site of the Garden of show Eden,
STATE APARTMENTS
would be shown them.
A special train conveyed the delegate»—some 180 in all—from Paddington to Windsor, where they arrive-1. about half-past four. The majority walked up to the castle, which they entered by the Norman gateway, where the raised portcullis attracted notice, especially from the large American contingent. Some few em bus Lasts had draped the fronts of their bodies with silk (Union Jacks, and others had brought the Stars and Stripes to wave in token of trans-Atlautic admiration of the Queen. The efforts of one lady to conceal a hand cameira, by which she hoped to secure a pictorial moinento of the scene, were mure energetic than successful, and others were extremely carefuf of little bunches of red geraniums, blue cornflowers, and white freezias, which they seemed to have brought with the ideai of strewing them before the carriage. Presently Lady Aberdeen went across the Quadrangle with Mr. Fraser, of the Queen's household, to settle a few last details, and shortly before a quarter-past five the gates were opened, and the company passed
ITS TRADE IMPORTANCE
ago, being first put into practical shape by the great engineer De Lés-
iné opening of this great country, sops, who petitioned the Sultan to with its boundless resources, will now
that end, but in vain. England has come with the iron touch of the push-tried before to obtain this concession tng. puffing, engines of the English-having entered upon negotiations for German Railway. 1 this purpose in 1878, but all for noth- land, acting together, have outplayed log, on account of the complications the rest of Europe, with Russia at the
head, and a new field for enterprise and development is opened to over*
Gingerbread.—One cup of molasses,
11
Germany and Eng-
with Russia which then ensued.
It was Russia’s turn some years later to seek a similar privilege, but crowded Britain and Germany. Great this, too, was denied, although the at- Britain has a new route to India ; Ger-tempt to hide the real purpose of cut- many has room for more colonists, and ting England out was cloaked by the both may cry to Russia, " Chech mate!" pretence that the road would run from H the question now be asked, "What Tripoli to the gulf and connect with can the land produce ?” the answer Bagdad by a branch road, But the might be given, ‘ Everything,” for the Porte feared to give the Bear a foot- climates of the different parts of Asia hold in Asia Minor, and the project Minor and Mesopotamia are so differ-was dismissed.	ent that almost anything that grow#
At last Germany succeeded in doing anywhere can be raised successfully what all of the other Powers had fail- somewhere in this broad domain. It if e<l to accomplish. In October, 1888. the railway that will bring the needed the German Bank concluded an ar- energy to make the whole land blos-rangemeats with the Turkish Minister of Internal Affairs, by which it undertook to build a railway from a to have drawn his wealth from the
sands of the River Pactolus, heavy On with gold gg
this stream originates must still have
BO
in
With b very little marshalling the accredited delegates were placed in single line, facing south, from the private entrance to George IV.'a Gateway, those of lesser importance standing in a second rank. Lord Edward Pelham Clinton and Sir Arthur Bigge had by this time joined Wdy Aberdeen and the royal barouche, with a pair of beautiful chestnuts, with black points, was waiting under the portico. Lady Aberdeen was wearing a dress of black and white figured foulard, with trimmings of Irish guipure over the shoulder, a toque of black tulle and silver, and the Jubilee medal and ribbon was noticeable. Accompanying her was
her daughter, Lady Marjorie Gordon, __________ _
in dark blue canvas, with apricot silk EMPEROR WILLIAM’S PEI SCHEME about the bodice, and a hat trimmed The extension of this railway from with flowers. The clock in George IV/s Kuniah, first to Bagdad, abqut a tower had chimed half-past five, when thousand miles, and thence to Sas-it was seem that her Majesty, with sora on the Persian Gulf, another four some slight assistance from her Indian hundred miles, has been a pet scheme attendant, was entering the carriage, of the enterprising young monarch, accompanied by Princess Henry of The move by which England now un-fiatienberg and the Dowager Lady dertakes this work is but one result of Southampton in attendance.	the entente cordiale lately sealed be-
HOW PRESENTED AND RECEIVED. lweel! him and his grandmother. It
means much for both Great Britain and Germany. To Great Britain it means a new and short route to India,
Her Majesty appeared to be remarkably well, and it was noticed with great satisfaction that she was not wearing glasses, in spite of the intense glare. The mantle worn by the Queen was of black satin, with trim-of soft black chiffon and lace.
black.
he who had been wielding it let his thoughts go back and pick up every little detail of that day which it was possible to recall, he had been in on the occasion, Inking a écart of comfort in torturing himself thus.
Elsie had now been away a month and all his eatables, even to the last cooky and bit of fruit cake, were gone. A certain elderly woman Whom he had always known chanced to pass just then and the demands of his stomach impelled him to leave off remorseful meditation and ask her assistance. "Could I get you to bake me some bread?” ha said, hastening out; "and —anything else you please, you know, Mrs. Lane. If you will 1 will bring over some flour or—do it any way you please and I will pay you whatever you ask," he stammered, flushing under her searching gaze.
as of Russia that a volume on subject, which has just been published in Germany, is bound to unusual interest
, , juice or one
prove of Flour to rollflPHUjl The volume is on- Roman Cream.—Into one quart of titled "Czar Nicholas II. and His milk put one half box gelatine; beat
Court/’ and the author is Bresnitz | for # minutes ; then add yolks of four
eggs beaten with one cup of ®ugar » scald; cool four minutes, then add the _	.	...	. , whites of the eggs beaten stiff, a pinch
most reserved monarchs that ever sat I (	rofte or vanilla flavoring.
on a throne. He speaks seldom and Sandwiches.—It is said that some
briefly, and while he is talking his time during the last century the Earl
eyes are generally fixed on the|0f Sandwich, an
ground. He rarely laughs, and does
not often even smile. Of danger he
has no dread, resembling his fearless I These are composed of different
"I will j tides introduced between two thin
Those most
sum and bloom from end to end. Croesus, King of Lydia, is reported
sidering the state

port opposite Constantinople, first, to Angora, and later to Koniah
November 27» 1892, four years later	.....
than the signing of the agreement, the untold treasure hidden in their bowels, first train was run from Ismid to An- Only of late European enterprise haa gora, and the Anatolian Railroad was awakened to the facts, and several an established institution. Kaiser companies are now working the silver, Wilhelm has not shown himself a copper, iron and lead mines of the
He mountains.
According to legends, which are al-
The mountains whence
von Sydacow.
Nicholas, we are told, U one of the


friend of the Porte for nothing, desired an outlet for German industry and capital, and be has found an ex- most history, Miihndates found hu cellent one. How excellent the world store of precious stones in the valley# is just beginning to find out.	of the Pontic coast;,and it is now set-
tled that onyx, agate and jasper are to be on the coast of Trebizond.
The future points to Asia Minor and Mesopotamia as powerful rivals to Africa, offering a better climate and richer reward than can be found in the torrid wilds of either the East oi West African coast.
Here is to be the theatre of another world struggle for supremacy. It i# to be the Anglo-Saxon-German against the ambitious Slav.
enthusiastic sport s-
iavented the preparations that afterward known by his name.
man,
were
ar-
grundfather in this respect
live and die for Russia; how I die I j slices of buttered bread, care not,” he said a few days after his j commonly used are game, beef,
¦ilil
The Czar's home life is simple. He I meats, fish pastes, hard-boiled eggs, likes plain food at dinner, and he sardines, anchovies, pounded cheese, seldom has many guests at his table, cucumber, tomato, and oiess. A suit-He eats quickly, "like all men who able seasoning should always be add-are accustomed to work a good deal,” , ed. Be sure that the meat is we and ho drinks very little wine. He j cooked, freed from «km and g us e, drives about in a small two-horse car- and cup up in small pieces. As a riage, and he wears a uniform almost rule the pieces of meat aro muc oo always, for he does not like civilian's large. A sandwich loaf tiljou *	^
attire. Indeed, it is said thaU he had ordered from the baker s two daysi he-no frock coat until he visited' Paris a fore the sandwiches aie wanted. Pa few years ago, and that the court tail- the crust from the loaf and cut it into
& •£	sturuTbSS,
cause he knew that his imperial mas- butter. hea.son iht, cut up me.i ter would be	obliged to wear civilian's pepper, salt and mustard, o	’
attire in the	Parisian ceremonies.	ever is required, and, lay »	it
LL»	HUNDRED Rirnr.ES	la> a naPkin' wrun« out of cold	water,	hear, the Queen said	to	Lady	Aberdeen
bEVEN	liUNURLl) RuljLEti. ‘upon the sandwiches to keep	them	that	she	welcomed	the	delegates	to
This suit lh« Czar wore during ihe fes- I moist.	’WindaoÆËËÊÈÊÈËÊÈ^ÊÊÊ^^K^ÊÊ
tivites rn Paris, and the story goes j Scripture Cake—Two teacups Jere- trusted
¦*11-8 «««. »«¦•. sssrt
documents submitted to him he reads 5.25, butter, 6 teacups Jeremiah 17.11, ^ walk the carriage proceeded, and
veal
potted
"Why, yes, John, but where’s Elsie?” Mrs. Lane, inquired. She was not an inquisitive woman, but she was twice his nge and had known him all his life, and friendly interest prompted the inquiry. John Reed had avoided friends and neighbors of late, and though it had been evident to all that something (was wrong, no one knew exactly what was the trouble. "Elsie? O, she’s—gone to make her mother a visit
bu it's all gone and—so if you'll please---"
"Oh, of course, John; I'll go right at it when I get home, your garden looks, and I think you rather beat Elsie at making the flowers grow, piteous and beseeching in John Reed's eyes checked the kind woman’s speech and she nodded and smiled and went
accession.
slowest possible walking pace the mounted equerries escorted the carriage out, where it was com-
A't U
• »
WORSHIP OF THE TOTEM.
Left a lot of stuff cooked up,
Strange (ust<mn l'rucllced by Ihe Abort
glue» of An»traHa.
a new field for colonization and a good feeder for her road already in operation.
The value of the country through which these roads will pass has been little considered, perhaps because of the degeneration from which it has so long suffered. A glance at the past of this land of wealth is necessary to an understanding of its future.
Asia Minor,, every schoolboy knows, was the seat of the world’s earliest and highest civilization Assyria and Babylonia, enjoying the sciences and arts five thousand years B. C. We know from the Tel-Amarna letters that Egypt anxiously sought an alliance with Assyria, 1500 B. C. Less than a thousand years later Palestine was overrun by her warriors and the Jews were taken captive in Assyria.
Prof. Spencer gave an interesting lecture on this fascinating but little understood subject at Melbourne university last month. Every aboriginal, said the lecturer, possessed in additios to his own name, that of some animal, such as a kangaroo, bandicoot, emu, 01 wild oat
into some group, and each group had its totemic name, and the members of these groups became banded to-
How nice
She'll be—” Something
Every person was born
an,
irhen he ate his cofld, soggy pancakes, the only kind of bread he could make and went out in the field to work. There was a little comfort in Mrs. Lane's big basket of food that he found a/waiting him at noon on the
doorstep; still it seemed to John Heed <^refully, and he frequently makes egga, 1-2 teacup Judges 4.19, milk, t 2 one lady, the possessor of a fine voice,
tra&rtatus
night there wa not a more miserable happett8 that months after he has season to taste with 11 ( bronicles 14.25, ukefl up by all> and itg iast note
et 10 IB th. toarnine. end “«1°. her wben tha Cj#r wan[s |0 Bhaku ü(j digwtiv. ergene, ttbject to the close
EH- StfSSs ::d'tiT.f ss
mmm üiü§§ mmm
BSS,r55S52 sirr&B	SssJu? as«& ss
2h£s,t; irtffi &	net——..»....
ï.fJrfc'f.rs» S“-K "i-sscïï srisrît'iïïcÆ
Id bed ell day, and (Ms according to new educational societisa.	roasting of bee/ on a spit—the most
Here were
with great pleasure, and that they had not felt
gether to resist a common enemy, sc
that if one man in the emu group wai injured by a member of the kangaroo group, these groups at once fought against one another. The sexual weio confined to Australia, and authorized
The clan to
1)1,011 UJ IUV » .VMVM vow w. ——   — — i UTVtlUU UJ V MV XUUllg Wliau MVS UVD IU I	V	•	f P»l 1 118
lady art worker in gold for a necklace I thfir western emigration, to be etern- an 1 penalties followed the infringe* J	'ally doomed by the conquest of Sul- ’ ment of this law, for the natives say
.	.	,	van Selim in	the sixteenth. Ever since	tb-H tf a kangaroo man" eats a kanin	gold	each	bearing the portrait	of	th it hag	bfMU the	property of the	garoo, then the animal cries out in
a French woman celebrated in pohti-1	¦ -	' '
cal, literary or social history. The series begins with the first Christian	_______ _______
Queen	of	France,	and ends	prior	^	I	^7 of "the * world, its	mines provided	I details of these totemic systems, tor
.---1.. * «	nnw------------k	the native i* very sensitive to ridi-
It consists of 12 medallions
Russia
Turkish Empire.	(he man's interior and worries him to
What was once is now again made death. It was very difficult, possible. This country was the gran-1 lecturer said, to ascertain the various
the
the great revolution. 1 he art working rujer8 with untold wealth, its	f ^	- - J — -
of the goldsmith was declared at the fruita wa8 the delightful food of cule, and it U only with the utmost recent woman s congress m London to mottoes lands. All this was made tience that anything at all can be be peculiarly suitable for women. |	by the tremendous irrigation gleaned of what to him is a moat
system, by means of canals running sacred subject, the	rivers
These ruined
be noticed in the cooking
GLOVES.
The first mention of gloves occurs in I through the country Ru h which me n* that they have beam i waterways are the marvel of modern worn at least S.OUÛ years.	engineers, who wonder at the ecien-
The Scots Guards' new colour# cost
about £809.




m
###PAGE###8###
Cheap Sale
Millinery.
B
Hash is King.
of

DON’T.
O
have decided to retire from the business l offer for sale for t he
( )OOOOOOOlHH)t )oovkxkk)ooo< )
my terms
YUK
I
!, STRICTLY CASH, o	j
O u u >000000;*( )«xurnx>oooot >
Rv .filtering closely lo this rule it enables do watch and clock repairing everything in my line at
\8 1
DON’T imagine because your friend got a nice Suit from us that it was the only nice piece wo had. Wc have dozens.
DON’T think that we cannot sell goods of the same quality as cheap as any other merchant tailor, as that would he a grave mistake.
DON'T send vour mono) away when it is led at home and you make nothing Onr suits are equal to vit y-made.
DON’T imagine that this store is open today and closed to-morrow here at the pleasure of our menus
public.
DoX r think t' by-and by uni now w bin* » nisi nos our personal supervision
Mil liner v
o
Month of October,	#	_
My entire Stock at Cost. W G h$lV0 just r*0C01V©Cl &
large lot of genuine Oil tanned Moccasins
1>
o
O
o
ill colors
RinnONS satin on both sides three inches wide, for 15 cents per \ Sat in on one side only Idv. per >uid.
UM
neei hv it
.
lilt* to
1
l
nine different pieces a
1
VKILINLS cents per yard
HOCK BOTTOM FRIGES
nv we an
f
tin
!
SILK LACE two yards for 25 e CHILDREN'S FLOPS M cents
lit
Hair-lined,
are going hunting 1 like you to come L'un be done under
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
YOU l
TAMS 25 cents from (til cents.
do
-	, goods are guaranteed
a $*s worth for a $ every
time . . • • •
Our
SAILOR
WALKING HATS from 50 cents up.
riPS, FEATHERS and all otl goods at equally low prices.
A. t|. McGUIRE THE f»\ILGR.
%
goodwyn I
wings

^RS. JAS. NJcCREDIE.
I
-The Watclunaker-ABNPBIOB, .
Ayer s,
.! b
.. ONT.
!?« *e	sogvo»»»®*»^»*^*®*»*****
D. WILSON’S,
Additional Local News.
Now Y«>ik and Ottawa railway company, !	q’iie popular Store for
sBtHsfEFB-i Ei;!EH'fiEE:1tE;Choice Confectionery,
as±r"-'—1 SSmESSSSS
houses on it himself, is still problematic.
The Best Makes in Canada.
MAIN STREET, SHAW VILLE,
OTTAWA & GATINEAU RÏ
CHANGE OF TIME
Summer time card us below will take 8 ze
II^ëeeII
No. 5Train Leave Ottawa.if* •	• into a
IMiisiiSiiif sHIrSu,............. «
Nos. 3 aud 4 daily except Saturday and 1.>vl,jence on Friday night 8NosTind a Saturday only.	| old steer having received three hullet	„ . . „
saiw mmm mmm., ,r   ^
that the total valuation of the Jones
1 instead of increased,
Groceries Fruit, (in season)
—ALSO—
U
We have also a full stock
;
80
U
Me that there are people hv-
me:m ns t<> g<
iv vi
Is It
ing in the community ho
neighbor’s held, and, nndei c
deliberately shoot to death
told that
i
It ISM
of
HONOR ROLLS FOR SEPTEMBER.
No 13, Clarendon.
Fresh Oysters,
RUBBERS, OVERSHOES,
Gums, &c.
We are
Served either raw or stewed
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
a two yeal
Stray Steer.
— —o-
The public are aware that the prices of both Moccasins and Rubbers are considerably higher than last year ; but we have marked them as low
as we possibly can.
Pontiac Facile Jicliaa By
once
JOHN MT UR AY,
I ,ot 1, Range 2, Clarendon
o
Officia] Time Table :
Georoixa Steven, Teacher
serve
county has dee re.. - -	.
was reported in these columns a couple of weeks ago. The correct hguresare :
I âPïZiSiSII
111-1, Clarence Richardson; 2, Cecil* ,ioll8. only 11.50. Euormou* demand. Ulj,
».	I EifSSIS
:ï.r a^Ær 25 i ’¦ l~-	• »,«
:ïïûs j:r:SJG‘,r q	=. brs^sr^r1^
! deceased leaves a wife and three children Grade IV.—1. E s:.e Campbell;2, John | served through the ear,y Egyptian P. W. RESSEMAN,	,„ mourn his loss, besides the other im- Watt; 3. Annie Creighton. Grade III- | paigns	..	.	.
general sitekintendent mediate members of his family, all of 1, Hattie Robinaon: 2, Ella Campbell; 3, Much has been saul regarding the phy-
whom have our deepest sympathy in their | Mabel Watt; 4, Lottie Robinson; 5, Mil- g;cal unhtnOM of a large percentage if
dred Robinson; 6, L zzie Creighton; 7, the British rank and file going to South
Jennie Creighton; 8, L;zzie Melon ; 9. I Africa or already there. A great diner-Essie Creighton; 10, Gertie Watt. Grade J enca 0f opinion oil the subject exists 11-1 John Taylor; 2, Eddie Taylor uut it can be said that the regiments sel-CassT—1, James Melon; 2, Alexina ecte,i ar8 believed to have the highest Melon; 3, Agnea Melon. Attendance— standard of physique and arc nil com par 1, Hattie Robinson; 2, Ella Campbell. | atively long service men.
Conduct—1, Ettie Creighton.
Hattie S. Taylor, Teacher
A.M
P.M
ISVl
Arrive 9 45
Aylmer tP.revken ridge ? Eardley Parker’s Crossing
V	Mohrs Q.U yon
Wyman's tTauK Bristol McKee's Shaw ville Clavlt’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank
V	Vinton
Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
?Tank. t'Flag Station
5.45 Leave
9 .2i as
61U
9.06
44
6.12
BIt
8.58
41
6.18
E. HODGINS & SON.
8.50
«•
6 26
S. 40
SI
6.87
8.22
M
8.47
8.14
8.08 s 02
$293,331
• •
6.56
1>ecrease
6.58
• •
7.04
7.26
7.4
7.18
8.00
SAVAGE Repeating Rifle.
7. u
8 03
7.(k
8.12
St
8.30
"	6 30
Leave O.U)
8.47
8.55 Arrive
•Flag Station Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer
cam
I
F

Ï


ittiiction
1899 Model.
Calibre .303.
CORRESPONDENCE.
o
ORIGINAL IN EVERY FEATURE,
POINT BLANK RANGE FOR HUNTING,
ONE RIFLE FOR LARGE AND SMALL GAME
SIX DIFFERENT CARTRIGES.
SMOKELESS, HAMMERLESS, SIX SHOOTER,
To the Editor of The Equity,
Dear Sir With reference to the De-niai published by Mrs. A. Chamberlain in The Equity of the 21st Sept., 1 wish tu say that I feel that she had been misre-KEW SERVICE. MODERN EQUIPMENT. .Resented, ,, on tracing the rumors to
fpv., their source I find the author of the same
Trains daily between	to be an unreliable parly in whom no con
J	1 fidence could be placed, and I therefore
regret to have caused the lady mentioned any annoyance in tho matter
TIME CARD,
18 EFFECT MAY 1st, 1899.
A QUESTION OF RIFLES
Many of the British t Nicer* believe the
h d ¦	21	«»
Grade	1\	-1.	Garheld	Hodgms,	J, ! British for use against civilized troop*. A
Loretm Barber; 3, Anna	Elliott.	l,rVe ! small arms expert said to a reporter of the
HI—1, Gerald Hodgin.; 2.	('e^r".”ia I Associated Press :	“The Lee-Metford
Hodgins. Grade IL—1* Katie Hodgin , Btop aaVages, but that is not the ob«
2, George Whelan. Grade 11 jr. l, • ct m08t desirable when fighting against
EKE ###; ' ESFrra5^ !	,
2, Alex Hodgins «nil August Rose (equal.) woumls and not realizing the necessity of, ' ,a‘nst' trespassing thereon, or removing
u ESSIE CuitRiE, Teacher. |	f retreat until when within the or cutting timber of any kind, Many «ne
deadly zone, they find half their number,	found	so doing will be dealt	with accord
disabled and unable to face the /cl	j mg to	law.	L. B.	HEAVEN,
weight of short range fire. In other words tho Mauser-armed troupe are more de Mon Who Will Fight for Britain ceptive to the enemy than those armed
with Lee*.Metfords, the t fleet of the lût _	being immediately visible to the of-
«¦BIB
¦e
Write for Catalogues and Circulars, free.
SAVAGE ARMS COMPANY,
UTICA, New York, U, S. A.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
HOURS.
NO TRESPASSING.
limited TRAINS 2 1
M E. Meiîkley
Clarendon, Sept. 28th, 1399
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
Local -st 'ps at all in< • termetiiate stations. Ar YallevfteUl, connecta Co
Shawville
a 6.25 A. 31
Letter from Manitoba
lives Montreal 9.50 a. Hi
U-auJct.foreruwan and	A1,.xnn.
a (5.4:0 A. 31. andria oi.lv. Arrives
Pullman parlor car attache!
Sundays only—stops at intermediate
Ham iota, Man., Sept. 22nd, 1399.
The Equity,
Shawville Quo.
Dear Editor 1 left Arnpnor on Aug.
with W. Sly and Miss
General Supply-Farm Machinery and Carriage
Montreal 11 15 am
Td 8.45 A.31.
Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. m tv 111 <1.	- _
stations Pullman parlor car at
General News.
Hintonhurg. Sept. IX), IH99
24th, in company
Ross, arriving in Winnipeg oil Sunday, 2"th. and stayed there until the following Tuesday, when we loft there for Gladstone, where we spent Wednesday and Thursday in looking over the surrounding country with which we
very much pleased.
We visited several old friends in that
district, who came from our own county, Pontiac. Leaving Gladstone on Thurs
we went on to Birtle, ar-
---A 4 A 4 Af Loral — for Rockland
9, 11,4-0 A*jl« ami intermediate pts. w \ \ik T) A I Limited-Stops Alexan-fl, 4#4U 1 .Al* drift and Coteau Jet.
to Montreal.
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE.
in Transvaal
Depot.
ter
were
o
Farm Machinery (nil kinds,) Waggons,
E.X PRESSES,
Carriages,
Buggies,
Carts,
day evening*
riving there the same evening, and stayed there over Friday, but did not like the country bo well as other places we came through. AN e left there on Satur day, coming cu to Hamiota, where 1 have been ever since. I like this dis trict very much, and the crops are very fine indeed, ana the farmers without ex ception are doing weM. 1 am working for McArthur Bros., on the Great North AArest Central Railway. AVages here m railway work are $30 per month and board, with no lost time, while the farmers are giving $1 00 per day. On the whole I consider this a great country,
Ottawa ArnprioF, & Parry Sound Ry.	àTth.re1 an' cVoalenhance, «t ,Uc
here than anywhere else.
Yours truly,
David Craig.
Mr. F. Murtagh Invests in Ottawa
Property.
ear
We have just the kind of Furniture that every person wants
and at prices to suit all.
Trains arruc atO.Uwa Centralist'.-
fl. i ,4») A. Ale and intermediate points. w - -X y-k a A f Local—from Boston.
a'B'.iifNOOX
cast, leaving there at a.in. .
% ÆHt' Limite,I-rrom Montre,1 fl, |>eOO 1 eAl. leaving 4.05 p. m. Stops
ïriîS'^Dxr11""^"'-'"- «tr
New
Sewing Machines, Washing Machines,
AArRIN«ERS,
Churns.
Limited — from Montreal andpts. Stops at Alexandria

Straw Cutters, Corn Shellers,
AV IIEELB ARROWS,
Lieut****P*l|*H|
Forestier AValker, the latter at ¦¦¦ and the former in Natal, each being supreme over his own district. Gen.
White, who ia described as a fighting
man “ keen as mustard,” has not yet ar-	_
rived in Natal. Upon him will devolve|
the duty of checking any desultory Boer i Rig Scheme is on in Connection
raids, or, in cise of premature outbreak	Central Ontario Factories,
of actual hostilities of holding 2satal until 1 W1VU v
Gen. Buller’s army corps arrives, when i Kingston, Sept. 23.—The directors of the aggressive British campaign will P™’ th0 Kingston Hosiery Company are to bably cccur. Some dissatisfacttn is ex- meet to ,irepare business for the annual
¦¦lea
LI
ger
Kingston, parhr cat
O—
WOOLLEN MILL COMBINE
Everything required by t^e Farmer
m the line of machinery to lighten the work about his premises may be got here..
Come and be Convinced
cess
TO AND FROM THE WEST (Daily, except Sunday)
Train» leave Ottawa Central Depot :
I r Ami i ior.
Loan ville Pembroke, vti Whitney. Canoe Lake
eeee
Renfrew
CUTHBERTSON & GRAHAM,
8.00 A-M.
Bav
r a &r *~*• *r-
,),,)(} I eAl* broke, Eganville, Renfrew Am prior and intermediate j»ointa.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
IT PAYS
To buy a good article, and an inspection of our stock will show that we keep
Undertakers and °nl*the be8t gootlsof the l>e#t makerH
Prices that will sell.
just
Embalmers.
A. SMILEY.
Central Depot Rossell Hanse Bluer.
A Full Line ot—
UNDERTAKERS’ SUPPLIES
—Always kept in stock.
tours
a Train* run daily except Sunday b Sunday only.




