###PAGE###1###
*




wm

	

/
No. 17
18th Yeah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, OCT.
11,	1900.
$1.00 a Year
in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
PERSONAL
)
Sihiley, 1 al nr, Lucas and Morris.
Minute* of last regular seamon of Council read.
Moved by cun. Henderson, seconded •*y conn. Taber, and resolved, that the minutes as read he adopted.
1 lie revised jury list was laid before Hie hoard for examination. Moved by c|,un. Lucas, seconded by uoun. Smiley, that the jury list as it is prepared by the * dietary be and is hcieby homologated. Mrs. Richard IFynen, of Clarendon Move;1 h>' coun. Morris, seconded by Front, was among the guests at Gillan’s cou,l1*. "Undersoil, and resolved, that Springs hotel when it wa-» destroyed by 1	* inspector NVrn. Drummond, be in-
fire. She lost some of her effects in the srn,Hv,l procure stone to build abut
conflagration.
Miss Gomery, of Montreal, at the Rectory.
Mr. Jas McArthur has gone to Ottawa engage on a job of mill-wrighting.
Mrs. McArthur Accompanied him.
\. Mackay, of Montreal
Ladies
visiting
j
1
Head OffW; .. .. f’tpital robaerlbcd Oipltat paid up ..
OTTAWA. CANADA
...........ai.m.wu
........ 1,7 <1,040
.........1.40J.3I0
0F CANADA.
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.	in thh
Iteât
1.0
Jloar<l of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President George Hay, ehq.,Vice-President
H (Do. I’.- , >N. Jr
Alex. Fiuhkx, Esq ,
Fine Tailored
J ackets Costumes
Mrs. S
i
*
John Mathkr, Bsq. Daviï» M uL.vukn, Ksy. Diinmh Mi iphy. Khq
Head Office, • Montreal.
OEORGEBURN
D. Al. FIN NIE
Ornerai Manager
.. .. Ma nager

Crat4i'îi«‘s •
IN ONTARIO
Koewatin.
Kvmptv lie,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
do Hank 8t. Renfrew <tn Rideau St. Toronto, Vankleek Illll, BmitU’a Fails IN MANITOBA :
,	>V
Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC:
NIMWIILLE BR.lM’Il,
and
ment s for t wo h mi Silver Creek
dgvs nn Alain rond, one u lut six and one on lot
Alexandria
Lanark,
Parry Son ml,
Pembroke.
H it I*.-! '
Monej' loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred lo all parts of the world.
SAVING» BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Okkice Hours Hatch days .
Arnph'ir,
A voulu ore, Bru 'ebridge, Carle ton
Veil
GillAtiM Spring's hotel near P.tkcnh was destroyed by tire last
An error occurred in the notice of plowing match in last issue in reference
i'h prize	retired from the fioard ¦¦¦¦¦
should have read $1.00 instead of $4 00. Moved hv conn. Taber, seconded by
las. few years lias grown r„ large propor- ed and fions-will be much more expeditious now in f than formerly. The time seems to be That f. bet approaching when Shnwville will be'sh; aide to make substantial claims for the thj erection of a post office building in town. ! tin
Mou -1 by conn. Smiley, seconded by
Morris, and resolved, that the council adjourn for one hour.
Pursuant to adjournment conn. Morris
till
6*
week
conn
Place,
Hawkesbtiry,
We are now showing a large range of Ladies fine ready-to-wear Jackets and Costumes, all new, made up for this season s trade. Every garment guaranteed the finest of its kind, well made from
Dauphin

Montreal
li ill
tat li it \
Anents In Canada, New York and t'liicavo-liittik r»f Montreal.
Agente in <t. Paul—Mvivhnot^ Nat. think. Agents in London, Eug.—Pan's Lank Ltd
10 A.M. To 3 P.M.
1 (f A.M. TO 1 P..M,
f. a. parkkr.
Manager
f
i rate h the d< dlar be 1
•very dollar of property mention-! asst- isu'l m the? Valuation Roll j liis municipality. 2.— I y the purpose of paying Rristol's 1 t it* County Railway Jîonus for |
; ip ' rate of hr< e juartor mills on the d liar be levied very dollar of property menti med i nested in the Valuation Roll now I cc in this municipality, and that a
nr>'v pa.sued authorizing the lid rates.	!
Il I
supe-
nor materials, combining to a nicety, perfection of style, fit and workmanship. They give to the wearer that combination of comfort, style and grace, so seriously lacking in the average garment. ..
I
Church Services.
MErHoiÏÏHTcurKicir:
1*Ahtor.s—Rev. W. Bowman Tucker, M.A., Ph. I). Rev. W. R. Johnston.
Skiivice* every Sabbath at 104>O a.m ; 7, p m. Sunday school at 9 ;W, a. ni.
I.'pworth League. Mondttv evening ni 8.(0.. l adles* prayer Meeting, Tuesday General Prayer Meeting. Friday, 7,n, j.ru Everyone welcome.

r IînjJ
um
Talking about Closing!!!
n i
Ploughing" Match.
md
•No, Indeed.
7.Ri
in f
P.tn
# a
e #
I A ploughing match under 11 of Pontiac Ag. Sue'y Xo. 1, u
UNDERTAKING	owl,,1lvv* h>’ All. J. !,. SI,
Cuthbentson, Graham & Elliott «still ‘	*. ? ,,Wîmhi0M H,hit •	hcco
hoep on hand a full supply of under- , 7 A ‘ ‘ th of Or tuber, instead of the | -w
taking materials, which regarding- 11 wing Thanksgiving Dnv.	"
quality nro necond to none. Prompt 1 he following prize* will be oil', red • Cotm. T ibui
7 7..............- " 77	r „., *,
Mrs. 0. M<Cv
IT IS IJE-DPENING
J
Our Costumes (Jacket and SkiH) of English Suiting Chevoit are exceptionally good value
at only
luvv
f
I
Jîv-1
11
1 X
Wo are Talking1 About.
passed, seconded hy meet*
11.
md resolved, that the
o
•1
THE AUTVMX SESSION OK THE
Foatiao Business Gollcgo
—will open on—
Tuesday, September 4th, 1900,
For the study of Commercial Subjects, I * Ottawa ( :ry « otmcil have discharged Shorthand, Typewriting, English. French, | * ir city engineer. Mr. Galt and other special • t ml:" .
tv Special attention to backward stu dents.
As only a limited number of new stu dents can he accommodated for this «Ion, early application for enttance should he made.
A postal will bring full particulars.
$5.25.
n
K G fan »
i
Jr.Moif Cl a
<1
1
(under 25 years, wof >rize, a Frost & \\ •xOU ; 3rd. .s3.no.
M-yur.
SH
1
1‘loilgb) 1st j
Plough ; 2nd. x
inery

Boys’ Class
Clarendon Council
under 17 ven 2nd, #3.oo ; 3rd. $2.00 ;
Tho Shawvjllo roller mill is now run- I The Me Arthur Plough offered for I ning full time, and wo understand busi- lîri*v tlie Senior Class Is given Lv the ! Hi
ness is showing a satwfattory ta. I	Junta- nZt v'h ,
George Cater is prepared t » Jill straw |VVW !,-v dm Frost & Wood C’o.. through V,1' ,u= ticks as follows : Small tick, lue.; large, ,,	Smiley, Sliawvilh-.	, dohn x- ewai
15c, ; 2 for 25o.	| «M‘h of the winners of the Senior and 1 Hodgins.
i	Junior classes will be sent to Ottawa fii>n
iB'p.te; sy&ihsarKi i ,*	,	,	,
John Li.vruu, ShawTille. I trict. which will be held on J. R. |,'S 01 O' y 'un. .Ja>. Robinson, that the win-
farm on 21th October.	'	' utes of last meeting as now read be and
are hereby adopted.—Carried.
Moved by cuim. John Stewart, second---	id by conn. \\, A. llodgins, that Henry
•P, v ...	.. ,	, ,	, Miss Prondcrgast ha* been visiting her ?’Ic^L,wvl11 1,0 ‘!n,t is h,ereby authorized to
V e ' ®b. Archdeacon Baylor, and his swtor Mrs. J. H. Lang.	, get 2.# cedars for tho bridge on tho new
assistait, Rev. Mr. Boyle, attended the Mrs. Kenney, who has been vi*Rim/ wot to exceed 3.) cents each.—Car-
tlmtiksgivmg service at Thorne West on her mother, Mrs. J. llodgins. 1: ! , t
1 hurst lay bor, when Mr. Hoyle preached turned to her home in Campbell’s Ibiv. \ Moved by conn. W. A. Hudgins, rlie sermon.	| Mr. S. Smith is helping Mr. Thos. -coun* ,^°^n Stewart be and is hereby
^ Mi-s. Cowan, w idow of the late Holmes j ^de with his ploughing. "	* I Authorized to give out jobs on the fourth
T. Cowan, has been awarded $1,000 dam- The Rev.	(’. Ltimmis and Mrs. Lum-I cjncv'slon line, opposite lots 24 and	25,
ages for the death of her husband, who	"ds were in	Shaw ville on Wednesday	I nntt not to exceed $25.00 ; also that coun.
was killed by a Canada Atlantic railway Messrs. J. Bennett, T. Bennett and T. . .** Hinson be authorized to give out train some time ago, at Ottawa.	| Tubman left Campbell’s Bnv for the ,0,s 00 Joî,n Carson's I nidge on the 4th
Forvn—On \\ I 1 o	I shanties last week.	J range, and not tu exceed $50.00, said jobs
Mr. E. Graham secretary (I l> a s !	Mrs. Naylor and Miss Gomery, her '«re not come to anything definite, but
No. 1,	will	Iw	at	Shaw ville	on	Saturday, I , V10 roli of 0,1 cloth found by Mr.	guest, and Mr. Lowe, were also up to the	tf,un(l the line between lot* < and 8,	on
the 13th	inst,	for	the purpose	of	paying	Bo I it. Smart, and advertised in these col-	service.	Violet and Pansy	Bauge 2 the most suitable, therefor.
prizes awarded at the Shawvillc exhil.i- umns, has been restored to its owner,	___^_____ Moved by coun Jas. Robinson, second-
t,on*	Mr. Sly, a neighbor of Mr. Smart, An	THORWRV	i ed by coun. W. A. Hodgins, that rural
iV Don't forget to take advantage of ,ul- The Equity invariably accomplish-	invrtiNtiX.	i inspector R. W. Ralph, be and is hereby
the spec ial prices for photos at liaison's es its object.	M t i tn T ,	,	instructed to picket out the sideline be
studio, Pontiac House.	.... i lf _	m s. John Lhcrt, who has be?n serious- tween lots 7 and 8, on the second range,
...", ÈEEBœ-	ïrF
day and Tuesday. He reports that he is , H1,0 fl1l?nua Revest Home service of Mr ... i u , f • , , * uclions. The rural inspector will picket meeting with encouragement on all ? nul 8 congregation will he held on itai i,'cf v . /	*	’ e< 10 Ul’' °ut the third range up westward until he
sides.	Friday morning next, at 10. BO. The V.. r iî*	, n ,, ,	comes to connect with the sideline be
,	preacher on this occasion will bo the vv\ i , H °m\<,f	sPe'lt tween lots 7 and 8.—Carried.
Rev. M, Morrison,	„m M' b= * mm.-,,, *««„.	I, «. «... ».	in
'îü's'ï£.S: "Élsr^z: s
~ •*tbe PN*~ KTÆraCAût'Srsi X..%*-"•	-....-..... ^
LIME.—Mr. Ro1»t.*Storey. of Clnmi.lon "l110	>aTe J'^olved partnership. |	------------ Sec. Treasurer
Front, desires to $ that his new Draw . " ' utnoertson retires from b less,
Kiln is now in operation, and that he Is Mr. Graham takes hold of the furniture prepared to supply first-class lime to all and undertaking, and Mr Flliott « ho require the same at all times,	tinues the saw-milling as before
Clothing’.
1
00
rs
Lou

i Hall, Slmwvillu, (
i of tho.Couneil this da sut, Mr. Mayor Thos rs, Jas. Robinson
1. 1 ! >00
liai
This is one of the features of our business in which we take pride. We are now opening up new goods, and invite inspection of the same..............
ns
1
Luuncilloi , John Smiley and \V. A
CH
Min
tmg read, y coun. John Stewart, second
i
Ai
smithing
Mr. A. J, Horner has supplied the spurt* of the town with a now amusement in the form of a «hooting gallery, which is meeting with popular favor.
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
Bryson, - Que.
MENS ’ BOYS
SUITS
„TTTT	P. COATS,
CHILDREN’S OVERCOATS
in all materials and at all

f
GREERMOUNT
• I • $ •

prices.
LOCAL NEWS
till
J. H. SHAW
Special Prices in Photos.
For the next two weeks I will make a special reduction in photos of all sizes. All work guaranted.	II. Imison.
WANTED—A good general servant to Mrs G. M» Donaldson, Shaw
c.
.nr
coun

PIANOS
I
The D. W. KARN COMPANY, Limited,
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA
Opposite Blythe’s New Store.
We have several good Square Pianos and want to sell them quickly. Our new stock is coming along now, and we need the room. When in the city come in and make us an offer.
ob
4

we



we
»
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
con
The Dale Bros., Sim w ville, have a large
till
ie, of Moravia, ( ayuga Co., New York, Wedncsdsy next, the 17th inst. Boys ^<>r the Queen City Oil Co., of Ottawa, Moved by coun. Smith, seconded by are at- present visiting here, the guests of make your entries at once.	were amongst their patrons here Tues- coun. Shaw, that minutes of last regular
Mr. and Mrs. Robt. McCredic. Mr. Mc-	, I day.	meeting be adopted.—Carried.
Credie’s visit, we regret to say, is marred Thanksgiving Serfice and Dinner.— "Mw*- Moore, of the Calumet Island, Moved by c un. Cowan, seconded by by a very serious attack of illness, from The Ladies’ Aid of the Shawville Metho- nn?* ,ier two daughters, Mrs. Counoly and coun. Smith, that John Armstrong be al-which his prospects of recovery are very ,llsfc Church wish to announce that 0n Mies Carrie, arrived up Tuesday.	lowed to sj>end the amount of his road
doubtful.	Thursday, 18th—Thanksgiving day—a ^ x ery gang of men for Mr. J. It. j labor tax on the Cth concession line.—
Y„umz ploughmen amona tho Hwin,	sermon with select music will be I ®ooth ]*{t ^^ssrs. J. Roy & Sons for Carried.
s	! ss ,fe b
and appropriate sermon last Sunday «»>': d(V'Khter of Mr. John Coxfor.l, „f Mr. John J. Rooney, of Thome W.t, I Moved by coun. Shaw, seconded by KSta of thJdLTSnv tî± I	- #
morning at the Masonic hall to the mem f	The ceremony was perform- was at tho Otter Lake depot on Friday coun. Smith, that a by law be passed j forthwith Carried®	1 y th	The undersigned offers to let fora term
mmmm
Shawville Council
Do you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.
See our Mr. J. R. HORNER, Shawville. He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.



f
Farm to Let.

ShawvUle




L
!
fi



i
###PAGE###2###
TT










I

*
th« fort In Sedan-ehairs. The soldiers remained standing until we had |>a sector « tour of this fort had | Wrung* Thing* About the Muni INniy
made, wv repaired to the steam
A COLOR TALK
where thv Chinese gunners 1"*! ' h «1 y in the Hhells failing to explode.
CHINESE GUNNERY POOR
of a dead town erer Imposed upon you
for the purpose of trUnking you?'*
he re-
THEORÎ OF PALMISTRY
I
was
Moat of them either had no bursters or the fuses were too defective to f n* the charges. That six small gunboat# should receive the fire from two miles of fortified lines for six hours and escape destruction can only l*e al' counted for in this way gun would deliver a port side of the Algerine and then on the starboard side a few feet oil the beam? the next shot would go clean
i
ed
Hue* of the Kulnhitu.
"Ouoe, in Kansas City," plied, "thut was doue, and It created
It came
iKwn
launch, when unlimited champagne was opened. We then headed for an- I *o blue food? We eat things green, other fort, five miles below, where an- Und red, yellow and violet; flesh, fie*
inspected in the or plant# In all the colors of the rsin-Thia was kept up all day, | bow except blue. Many deadly pair
son# ere blue in oolar, such as blue-
OTHERWISE THE ALLIES MIGHT HAVE BEEN DEFEATED AT TAKU.
JDbd you ever notioe that there la
THE HANDS ARE THE WINDOWS OF THE SOUL, NOT THE EYES.
something of a sensu turn from a dissecting room, and was sent by a body of medical students, read the character of the man who had possessed that palm, but added at the last, that the subject of the
Six Mum 11 (.unbnM< Received tlio lire I rum Two tlllc* f lorllllrd Une* fur Mix Hour* ami IS «aped Ile» I rue I Ion Many ul' the Mhvll* Irani Ike lari* IMd Vial i:x|ilo«le.
The first mail letters from China to the English press since the commencement of hostilities have appeared lately. Writing from Taku the correspondent of the London Times says that, although it is difficult to know exactly, the garrison of the forts there when the attack begau was probably made up of 3,000 regular troops, the greater part of whom were entire strangers to the place, having been marched in only a few days before, good men as Chinese soldiers go, and came principally from the some province—Hunan—us their General, Liu.
The correspondent describes the position of the allied fleet as follows on the day tiefore the battle: The British Fame, first class destroyer, took up a station near the four Chinese destroyers at the Taku Naval Yard British Algerine lay about one-third of a mile from the inner north fort.
About one-quarter of a mile above the Algerine lay t he Russians — Bohr,
Koreetoh and tiilyuk—moored in line, the latter too close to the lower end of Taku village, a closely-built town of mud houses
XVI., would be food for the [the next beud of the river, lay the scientific ways. Dr. Borin Is stop- guillotine. The prediction came to German litis moored to one of tb^j spray a
ping at the Alms Hotel with liis wife. pass. Abdul Aois was told that he railway wharves, with her head down gilnttn, tittle gunboat-the Algerine, He is as well aud	better known in	would commit suicide. It was Dr.	river. A little lower down tlie French	tier decks alive with men stripped to
Faria than in New	York, yet	his ac-	perin who read his pilsu AH el»- he	! Lion' lay anchored in the stream. At	Ihti waist and working desperately,
•oinplishments are	remarked	to-day	believed, but Hut he would not take	another wharf higher up lay the .lap-	U1>()U u*. bridge over the quarter dock
all the way from New York)	to San	(0 heart, yet 22 -.uonlbs after the	ansae Atago, and above her the United	a little group of Englishmen stood
prediction he cut his throat with a	States steamer Mouocaey, a paddle-	As oalmly as if they were steaming up
wheel river steamer. The Atago had	the Silent, though four big ventilators
lauding parties, but otherwise she was	citise tu the bridge were badly pierced
not engaged. The Monocacy took no	j witix light projectiles. The litis close
part in the affair, as her Captain was ! ordered to maintain a strict neutral*
1
11(11 rw#III* llelvlea* Into liar Acrrel* of Iln Open r.tlm-4 KlM'ly Strand I» Ailr.i logy— Surly llvllrf lu tltv Prediction* Qu rns »ud Mugs Reliever# In H*« Art.
For ten thousand years the fate of men has looked out through ibo million a of Unes in the pu 1 ma of their
I ho hands are the windows
other "army1
was
su me way.
amt finally we reached Taku
\h the inspecting officer is always 1 slums or the deadly nightshade flower.
considerate enough to warn the com- The color stands in our slang for
m inders of forts of the exact time of everything miserable and depressing
in* arriving for the purpose of inspeo- But this is only one of a thousand
tion, it in un easy matter for the cein- queer facta about colors. Heat a
mandera of said forts to procure hair of iron and the partiale# of the
! coolies and fishermen to act in 1 ho me ta 1 are sot in motion, shaking
capacity of soldiers, and thus make a leoiily one against another I	u , o fair showing of strength. These im-
evident that the Chinese	had k» pi	j>ri,\ ised soldiers,	after	being passed
their best fire in reserve till	daylight.	|U reView at one	fort,	would scud
The north forts ,toured out	a much	across country while the	inspector was I through	the	air	like	tho	waves	of	the
¦ ¦¦¦fire than before, while	making for the	next	one in his	**,	until	they	break	upon	our	skra
launch, and were «lui* able to appear' ugam in the ranks to be inspecte^ by ih* time the inspector showed up.
The same shot first on the
lhey are
impression had deceased still wondering how l knew."
Dr. Borin claims that he cannot
over Iter masts.
Between 4 A.M. a ml 5 A. M. «lay light Iwri ke, and, with the flood tide to make the gunboats, with tho exception ot the
Gilyak, got under way
only read palms, but is in a position to predict from the language therein events which are to come. He read read the pulms of the Queen Regent of Spain. It Is sa ill that the Queen is a firm believer in the art Beriu says that he prodicted great loss of colonial territory to the Spanish Crown years ago, when he first read the Queen’s fate, as well as that
He told her that her
bande.
of the «oui instead of the eyes. Along the ridges, the valleys and the mountain* of the palm destiny was written, and i heit it is read if t be reud-
vio-PresenU
ly tho ewir rounding other is net in motion in largo, slow wav##, rolling
It was now
Dr
ei be deep in the sc.ouee of palmistry. Man is irrevocably mixed up with the eternal, and, being a part of the eternal, oan neither vuluntairiy nor involuntarily escape or even oppose the Inscrutible verdict of the eternal. All things are, and the past as well as the future are ouly local applications used for small conveniences.
T lie y were
more \ igorous the) fire from the great south fort
! Ill- S
»
and give us the sensation of heat. As
the iron gets hotter other waves are met An motion in iunnvnse number^ traveling at more than lightning speed, and these break upon the eye,
amt i hv new fort was many
Fhe Gilyak received a
of her empire nou was to have a trouhleson
more severe heavy project ile on her star loan l beam at the water line; she made water and listed heavily, but she still kept up a lively fire. A collision mat was passed, and the ship being pumped out she remained at her moorings, ior aonie time she was really in distress, and the waspish! nest of snipers in the village %j*eylered her worse than ever situation at this time was very serious for the allies; they steamed a Unit boldly into the fort reach to get closer to the forts in a perfect storm of shot
••OLD MOORE’S” PREDICTIONS.
reign.
but that he would not b« deposed. It remains to be soon whether the last
IT.
lu il in 41m.I nar for IfHM Hr tlakM Home | giving us the »*ML%a.tion of red light
The ivd-h- i on. getting «till in- re In ills London almanac for 1900 | heated, throws out other sets of
predicted more than
ii ; i ill « g i*r«|ii»cf le#
'lThere Ls nu such things in reality as up or down, north, east, south or
prediction comes true.
predictions of history are worth noting, to «how that there is
borne
The
Old Moore
wave» still smaller and more rapid— one great war, the assassination of orange, yeJIow, green, blue, indigo, a monarch, and a terrible famine in violet, all the colors of the rainbow, India, and, as all these predictions The eye cannot tell one from an-provod true, many persons, not only other; the whole bundle of rays mixed in Europe but also in this country, up give» us an impression of white, have been for some time curious to That is the glow from tho “white hot'1 know what kind of predictions he iron, and such is the light from would make in his almanac for 1901,	^h* eUU greater brightness uf the
Their curiosity can now he satisfied, sun. Sunlight in a bundle uf rays of for hi* almanac for the coming light—red year has just appeared
Hi re are the principal predictions | gather. The mixture of all colors ie
white light, the abseuoe of all In January there will 1* a formid- | colors is utter tinrknoas. able agitation in France and a severe
They belong to the mundane
west
which, miMred with the infinite, is I something wonderful about t h 1-ândeed a trifling matter In the econ- ] leged power of the palmists to tell
Marie Antoinette
The
what is to happen
omy of the universe
bo says Dr. Carl Louis Porin, the I was the most loved of women great master of palmistry, who has one time, when 10.000 swords would been shown favors by Kings and have leaped from their scabbards to honored by academies, schools and avenge an insult to her, a palmist colleges for his remarkable delving» predicted that she Into the secrets of the open palm in Louis
At
In the Ton g k u reach,
ind her King
and shell.
Here and t lie re in the smoke and glimpse would be had of a
orange, yellow, green,
blue, indigo and viaUvt all mixed lo-
in it;-
1
Now, pass a ray of sunlight through made upon the He- I a drop of water, and the colored rays
;
attack will hv
Fra nciaeo.
Palmistry is a study secondary to | pair of «e ssors astrology. On the hands we have all the mounts of the planets
public
In February and March noil not- I dàmDtkW. The able events will take place in the ex- through many drops of falling rain t.rrme East, and India will threaten |efter a mho war in all split up Into to vise up against the British domin- | oolora, and the result La the gorgeous
rainbow. The ecu tiered spray of a aea wave, of a waterfall, or a f< na-varitnLs quarters during the entire I taiim, make» little rainbows, caused in April will be a comparatively the
are split up and thrown in different
sunlight shining
Some palmists, at least, are will-When | iug to tukn their own medicine. This
ise of Dr. Perin,
to'her and fighting just as hard; tho Bobr and Koreetoh steaming up and
the society of the world oentur.es ago ts evidenced in the wa«* crude, o.nd its philosophers more and probably if the data was obtain-profound than at present, wander- LfaJe other cast's might be found of ity, but she did some excellent Red
tug tribes, gypsies and nomads stum- otb,r palmists less great who would Cross work and gave shelter to a Bumbling upon a tew tacts of the palm believe their own readings. While in ber of foreign women and children, told Kings and Emperors startling Chicago Ur. Perin made readings of who there found sure protection and a
things about themselves, and set wise | the hi mis of two men, Paul Hirsch
These two men
down the reach, their heavy cannonade never silent; the distressed Gilyak now getting into full swing again; and, above all, the brave little Lion, with her four large tricolors flying, steaming to any point where she could be of use, no matter what the risk. The 1 It is moving downward toward the soul li fort va* struck on her starboard bow by a heavy shot, which, passing inboard, cut into the forward boiler. She was at once a mass of steam, her captain was badly injured, and she was beached on the Taku side uf the fort reach. As the light strengthened the. storming parties could be seen about, the north forts, the Orlandos and the Japanese close together, and the Russians on the other aide cheered and waved their arms in
a lion.
Though I here will I» trouble in
year
quiet month
In May Ireland will follow the ex- I apeoêal uses ample of India and will rebel against mBige the leaves of the trees to grow,
same way
generous hospitality.
Shortly after midnight the action
began
fire on the Algerine. In a few minutes the Algerine replied, and shortly afterward! the Bobr, Gilyak, and then the Koreetch returned the fire lit us at the railway wharf at the same time put in a few shells and the Lion also fired three or four rounds.
Looking down toward the forts from the Tongku Reach the spectacle was a really fine one, as most of the forts and all the ship» in the Taku Reach exckfciuging a rapid cannonade.
Each kind of light has its own
The red rays of light
head* to thinking. A little cunning *ml Louis Enright and a few good guesses caused Plato had been interested in contracting, to lay aside his writings for a while an<j r seems had been the promoters and think upou thu science of pilrn- 0f a railroad from Canon City and
The inner north fort opened
and hasten all rotting and decay
England
In June the anarchists will again I Moreover, if you cut off the red rays,
come to the front and will give *b* | plant* will grow with golden brown
During
Julius Caesar Cripple Creek, Colo
Alexan- trouble, however, and the result was
der the Great found time between | that while the two men were away
buttles to study it. believer in its truths
There was some
is try and believe in it was a student of the art
The
world much to talk about the same mon h the yming King of Spain will In* in danger from his I fleets the blue rays of light, but shal-pulitical enemies, and be is cautioned	eeas aTe green, because the blue
to guard against them.	light is mixed with the yellow refleo-
July will b * a month of cat astro- | yvnA frum and stones at tho but-phlee, the whole world being threatened at this time with misfortunes I yellow. In this green light of ahal-
Those who are
leave» instead of green
The sea is blue because the water re-
Cicero was a (.hr Directors of the road swore out He compared warrants against the men for em-thu hands of criminals ami found iH*zzlement of $U)U0, and they were lines that were common to most of | *rrested when they arrived in Den-Conclusions were drawn at
It so hap-
at the Palace Hotel
them
Green ifl a mixture of blue and
ver
torn
such early periods, amt public at ten- | 1>vne<i t ira L Dr. Perin road the new s-
accountti, and remembered the
He consulted bis
All
were
But' it was a grander sight still, and that will never be forgotten, when in a few minutes, and w it ho u t
tlon was called to them.
of various kinds planning to take u jour nay during this month will do well to remain at
low water all seaweeds grow, and fur
l>a in* r
•T was with Luigert, the Chicago | nuines 0f the meu sausage uaaker who killed his wife,

vaut of the rod rays, they have gold-
Green and red
mutual) encouragement
one
was so convinced
and
said Dr. Perin, "and in him 1 found | {^{ they were wrongfully accused a remarkable insiance where the face
en and tawny leaves seaweed» are the exception, and blue
At 4.54 A M. came one of the turning points of the battle when a magazine
that hi, went to Denver at once, ee- oaat off from thf3 wharf and quickly i iu the northern end of tho south fort could not be relied upon fut mfuima- oure<j| a bond, engaged Editor Pat- 'gathering way steamed rapidly down
lion regarding the «oui. He rrceiv- I tor#oni of lhe Rocky Mountain News, |the streum. Without a single light or
ixl me with gushing cordiality, and 00UIlsPl for the defense, and the ;8ign of afe about her, and in absolute
appeared one of the most open-heart- |	waa that the men were easily silence she sped swiftly toward the
ed persona imaginable. 1 wanted to get an impression of Ins brain, for 1 believed there was the regulation
hardly a word being spoken, the litis
home.
August will be comparatively quiet.
During September India will again suffer terribly from famine.
During Octol^r the dervishes will start an agitation, which may attain formidable proportions.
In November the Kingdom of Holland will attract attention by its dangerous and novel diplomatic poli. y snd the statesmen in the various Foreign Offices will have to exercise all their skill if they would avoid a conflict.
In December there will be insur-
revolta and strikes In
as blue tree land plants
seaweed» are as rare leave». At th.a rate grown under green glass ought to tuim golden brown, like weaweed. I hay
haa shown that
blew up, and this checked the Chinese fire for a time, but soon they showed themselve» more determined than ever, ami between 5and G o’clock it certainly looked as if the attack had failed. Some of the heavy caseinatod guns on the north bastion of the south fort were slued so far round as to send
do. Experiment under green g la*# plants grow
ly a» well as undor clear euul.gM.
Under red g Lisa nearly all plant» grow-four time» a a quickly a» und*r white light grow to four times their usual height and throw out a fine display of green leaves proof that the red rays of sunlight cause the green leaves to grow. r -discovery will be of Immense help to
who want to force their
icquitted, and are now in control of toe
As she rounded the bend opened
n ear-
ths Taku Reach and the vessels below saw the gallant German coming to their aid, cheer after cheer rose
the road
up
mark of cruelty in it, and the murderer's hook book' 1 refer to a mark shaped something like the figure murderers hive in their hands at ex-
BABY’S NURSES.
By the 'murderer’s
In Spain the infant’s face is swept first from the Gilyak, then the Kore-with a pine-bough to bring good etch and Bobr, and there was no mis-luck
lu Ireland a belt of woman’s hair is from the Algerine ¦oily the same place, this mark—this | placeci about the child to keep harm lying at anchor in the stream, had
away.	; first to weigh and then turn upon the
Garlic, salt, bread, and steak are put tide, but at the bend she was only into the cradle of a new-born baby in ^lf a mile astern of the litis, and ns
their blast up the reach. At this time also a greater proportion uf the Chinese shells exploded the main magazine in the south fort blew' up and rose about one thousand feet into the air a dense black mountain of smoke and debris and burning powder, the concussion being terrible. Every gunboat stopped firing and the forts also, and every eye was turned upon the appalling sight. Then, after a few moments of comparative silence, broken only by the echoes of the explosion and the former gun reports, a glorious cheer rose from the gunboats, the Russian, Japanese and British storming parties, the destroyer crews and the merchant steamers, all united in one victorious shout which must have struck despair in the hearts of the Chinese garrison. It did so, for
Nearly all
taking the ringing welcome that went
The Lyon,
This i» clear
But at Ü.18 A.M
This
1 took the impression,
ourse of (kiln and was surprised at ibe distinctness with wh ch it loomed up.
I
rectums
various quarters of the globe a rule they iniy not ba of great importance, yet they will occur at this time, and they will be the striking feature# of the month.
As
ga i dealt* ra plante and to farmer» trying to induce early crops of vegetables.
Blue glass has a directly opposke elftct. FkinU wil neither grow nor die; they languish, and yet remain alive. The Wue makes them aleep. The effect is exactly that of mwm-light and starlight, when all plants
take their natural rest.
Now, a# to the effect of color on and animal». It is known that red light make» people irritable and
Blue and violet light kill»
"The mark of cruelty, as will be i Holland.
the brave Frenchman hove in sight he runs frein the riug finger to- I The Grecian mother, before putting too met with a grand reception. The
The I her child in the cradle, turns three ^tis took station close to the Algerine,
seen,
ward the mount of Jupiter
hook is on the edge of the heart line,	I times around before	the fire	while	an(1 the Lion brought	up near	the
under the mount of Saturn. Long	singing her favourite	song to ward off	R^^ptch,	both vessels	getting	into
before fheodore Durand, i he murder- evil spirits.
er of Blanche Dumont and Minnie The Turkish mother loads her child their anchors
Williams, in San Francisco, came to	with amulets as soon as it is born,	were noxv delivering a heavy cannon-
trial, 1 took an impression of his	and a small bit of mud, steeped in hot	atle from their western faces at the
hand, made a study from it, wrote	water, prepared by previous charms,
my opinion that he was a murderer, is stuck on its forehead, and sealing my notes, left them in a	At the birth of a	child in	Lower
vault to be opened after the trial	^ Brittany, the neighbouring	women	the Fame	was detached to join	the
was over.	1 made my predictions, and	take it in charge, wa^b it, crack	n«	Whiting in an attack on the four ! their fire gradually	slackened	and
after the	trial was concluded they	joints, and rub its head with oil,	to	stettin destroyers lying alongside the wa8ed at g.43	a.M
opened, and my findings were «older the cranium bones. It is then naval yard. As they approached, the shortly after 6 o'o)#:k the storm-according	to the facts. 1 discover-	wrapped in a tight bundle, and its	lips	Chinese crew's jumped upon the wharf ing pities	advance ! into position,	Probably	Cambridge	is	the	only
ed the hook and 1 knew that he was | are anointed with brandy, to make	it a	an(l bolted, The Fame grappled one j aud at about	6.30 A.M	:he British	flag	place	in	the	world	where	one	would	be
full Breton.	'and t0W»d it round to l-ngku, then wgg vd on 1 lie north fort and aft- likely to find butter sold by lineal
In the Vosges peasant children born	the Fafu, a towboat belonging to the	erward	the	Japanese.	All	resistance	measure;	but here,	in	accordance	with
hU wife and child, whose case was	I at the new moon are supposed to have	Taku Tug and Lighter Company, under	^	now ceased,	and	the	garrison	tried	j tip*	old	custom,	it	is	literally	sold	by
the most famous In Paris, tongues better hung than others, while the command of Mr. Macrae, grappled


As will be seen, “Old Moore's" pre-
diction.* for 1901 are startling, to say
His statement in regard
close action before they swung to
The whole of the forts
the least
to Holland Is especially curious, and many persons are puzzling their brains to discover how this little
gunboat? with ranges that would barely average one mile.
At the commencement of the battle
kingdom can ever manage to attract attention by a "dangerous and novel diplomatic policy," which will cause European statesmen to lie awake at night.
six
men
nervous
miiorobe*. One of the greatest of recent discoveries is that bathing in
rheumatism,
dry, hot light cures spra ins
more important is bath in blue electric light and intense dry heat up to double the boiling of water does not hurt, but soothes

SELLING BUTTER BY THE YARD
were
SUll
I

and strained muscles
the fact that a
guilty.
“In 1887, Broulent, the murderer of
heat
and comforts
For generations it has
among
France,	for years,	was to be tried for	I those born at the last quarter are sup-	the next one, another towboat, the	I
the	double murder	on circumstantial	posed to have less tongue, but better	Fahvvan, under Mr. Blanchard, made	i
Before	he came to trial I	reasoning powers. A daughter born	fast to the third, and the Whiting
get an	impression of his	[during the waning moon is always	brought, up the rear with the fourth.
As the latter was mooring her prize she got holed in the aft stokehold with a small shell and she iwae at once Ethel, said l ick Smart, as he plac- beached till the shot stopper was fix*
These four beautiful 32-inot de-
From the south fort a
to get away
the yard
been the practice of Cambridgeshire folk to roll their butter into lei^h*, each length measuring a yard and weighing a pound ped, in strips of clean white cloth, the cylindrical rolls are packed into long and narrow baskets made for the purpose and thus conveyed to market.
The butter women who, in white linen aprons and sleeves, preside over the stalls in the market, have no need of weights or scales for dispensing their wares; constant practice and an experienced eye enable them with a stoke of the knife to divide a yard of butter into halves or quarters w ith almost mathematical exactness.
The University people are the chief buyers of this curiously shaped article. In addition to being famed for its

THE PRANKISH WIND
dense mass of fugitives escaped across the plain aiul mixed with the village inhabitants flying from their homes. During the morning the forts were completely occupied uy the allies. A large number of Chinese prisoners
The newly elected Mayor ofacoun-
about to make his first

evidence went to ha nd. law there
try town was
Deftly wrap-
in that capacity through the The townspeople had arrange#}. ^ arch of flowers under
floral crown
journey place.
that from an which he was to pass a
hang, surmounted by tbs
"He well deserves it," But the the crown, and when Mayor passed under the
According to the rules of precocious, the business of a caller I
!
HIS CONFESSION
miL*t be explained to a man under arrest before he can be admitted.
The first day 1 applied he sent word led hie arm# round his wife and looked ed that he was indisposed, but that he down into her eyes, 1 have a con fee- atroyers, abandoned without a blow
When I fliom to make to you, and I want you [being struck or a shot fired in their
defence, are worth more than £100,000. Here were four most perfect and modern destroyers, and, given a couple of hours of a dark, rainy night and manned by resolute crews, they could easily have accounted for most if not all of their enemies* fleet in the river.
were employed in throwing the dead into the river
The garrison was 3,000 men, and they had about 1,000 casualties
good order and several had never l>een fired
should
words.
Must of the guns were in
wind blew away
would see me within a week I called, again he had burned, out the to promise before I begin it that you inside of his palm to prevent its sec- will forgive me. rets being read. 1 cite this as a remarkable case wherein abject fear of She placed a little white hand upon the truths of palmistry caused an her heart, and would have fallen if
the pompous arch, to the great joy of those who
had voted against him, only a
at the end of it dangled
rope
PRIVATE JOHN CHINAMAN.
The Chinese employ no surgeons or doctors, either in the army or navy. When a soldier is sick or wounded he is given 200 "cash," a sum amounting 10d., and then turned loose to shift for
himself. I have witnessed many re-viewri of the Chinese army, says an
Englishman who has just returned Shanghai. On one occasion we entered a steam launch at Tientsin and started down the river. As we neared the first fort soldiers could be seen on the ramparts standing about 10ft, apart
gular banner. Stopping the launch, we disembarked, and were carried around
A wild fear took possession of her
with a noose there, with He well deserves it standing out in bold relief above it.


He was her husband had not held her up. Her
self-infliction
e x r e me
convicted and executed just the I face became livid, and sihe could only
ready wit

Brave and gallant as the Chinese undoubtedly were, there could not have been a single welltrained artill-
Tbeir pro-
At the burning of a provision shop
tbs crowd helped themselves freely.
One man grasped a huge ham a* hi#
Rising up
earns.
"Not long ago I took an impression of the palm of Ruslin Ferrell, the
Columbus man who killed Express I to-day, he eaid. 1 confess I took the Messenger Lane, and I took an Lm- advantage of him-, but 1 trust my pression of the palm of Molineux, deirling will make allowance# in view Vut failed to find the telltale mark. | 0f the sore temptation.
I am unable to satisfy my own mind, after a as refill study of hi# palm, as to whether he is or is not a murder-
gasp;
Tell me—tell me the worst!
I did a man out of a cold hundred
purity and sweetness, Cambridge
"yard butter" is eminently adapted 1	of the plunder
for serving out to the University with it, be found himself face to face students! in the daily commons. Cut	a policeman, and with admir-
into conveniently-sized pieces, and ac- afoie presence of mind put the plunder companied by a loaf of the best tnto the officer's arms, saying: wbeaten bread, a stated portion is ( you had better take care of that, sent round every morning to the ;	er some one will N walking
rooms of the undergraduates for use ** at th* daily breakfast and tea.	I off with it.
them
eryman among
jectiles were badly driven, with powder charges sometimes far too heavy, at other times so light that it just turab-back into her kd the -hot a abort diatance
cheek.; her Up, parted m a glad,	llid bad1' in ,ine' and lhe
îXtïtiït StoSUiS “ 3with extreme dapraa-"Ws# the impression of the hand ly up into hi# eye#, said;	Jeionl from the hagh redoubts
The
The colour came
Kudh man carried a trian-
Many of the guns

ar."
But






A
V
Y
i

L


###PAGE###3###






*
SILK-PRODDCIE SPIDERS
don,'* if that would help, he murmured.
"But it wouldn't help. What we
The wpidere thue undergo» complete reeling wiLh-oud reeiet&nce and when they are "empty" they are replaced
PHKDICT/ONS ABOUT CHIN/
\
i
Made t>nri ,4«u In Menard I» l*rete»i*
4Ifule* In < Vlu ^
Leading papers in Europe ate n-i# calling attention to three re mai k-able predictions which were made y wire ago in regard to the present occurrences in China.
One i« fourni in the vTd Pei Ti/*
UNREQUITED LOVE
want is a bright idea, i'll telegraph to Nestorlus the first thing to-morrow
If he had no hand in her
INTERESTING EXPERIMENTS MADE OÜM,PB’ ThrWe wbteb haVB be"n
IN FRANCK	operated upon are placed for con vale-

sownoe l»n a "park"' const rue Led for the purpose and connected by strings flu am to form trelliee#. After a few days' r.st m Uwtee, those that have not Iwn devour #ul are taken out in
Borne v«iry inter siting experiments I order to be submitted to another 1	written during ' he fourteenth
hav** Juft been mads at ths Proies-1 je^JiTig	I century and * earned so dangerous
¦ional School of Tananarive wuUl u
morning
flight he may help us to find her."
in IntliHfry Thai Nn« Ifr. u llroughl I» aiglil I hr Uailug mr>ir Nphlrr I fr p*r
*n« tlui rrlou* KP he* - llhrnvrrt (I bj a IlhnlitiiMri,
CHAPTBR XVIII
ber," whereupon the patient Barber
vanished.
" Nestorius left at seven and was driven straight to the station can have had nothing to do with this girl's running away." said her ladyship.
CHAPTER XIX
Never hi d Lord Lashmar felt lees (tulined to play host than upon this particular evening. He warn bo thoroughly out of temper that it warn an effort to him to be very decently civil. One relief, and one only, was afforded him.
" Did you know that Mr. Nestorius was going away, Lashmar?" asked his mother in the five minutes before din net*.
She had gone she had shaken the dust of that unfriendly home from off her feet, and had gone out into the more unfriendly world, penniless, without so much a* the means to buy a loaf of bread. i<he had left a bonne that, had become intolerable to her ufter that scene on the terrace. Those brutal speeches of Lash mar's I had stung her like scorpions. She hud i left, the castle in a tempest of angry feeling; had left without any scheme for her future, without thought of what she would do with herself when ; she was outside those doors; hut in the long and weary walk to Rruinm, upon the lonesome country road, she had ample leisure to consider her fu-
He
fhe «tilk of the Halahes is of a worm a wof^	not a print el copy c an
be procured now, an i even Europeans
vw.w to hindering practical to a car- derful color. A thread of gold could turn degree, the utilization of the no I U* more brilliant nor of a purer
who have owned it have been knows to burn it rather than run the rad#
may have inspired it, may have planned to meet her in London."
•'No, Laahinar, Nestorius is, above all things, a gentleman. Hs would not compromise her by a scandalous elopement or take a base advantage of his residence in my house must think of some one else."
" There is no one else. It is horrible to think of that girl—alone, friendless, utterly ignorant of the world penniless, not knowing which way to turn for a meal."
" We must have been infernally
He
* k-producing spiders indigenous tolycllow; twt no attssnpb has been the great inland of Madagascar, nwde to wash th**»e threads prior to ^'dng found vsiih it in their pos-Viwitors to the	Expoeition had	an	op-	their being woven,	ad	us	done with	*ft®*ion. According	to the London
porlun ly of setting specimens	of	the	®iik worm thread»,	and	p	rhaps such j Spectator,	there ii in	this book a <lie-
epleodid fabric	manufactured	from I washing might remove	thi» brilliant	1 *ricf prophecy that in the new year
natural col ou But	there	would re-	beginning	for China	ou January 28,
1898, China
"No. You don't mean to say that he is gone?"
' Yes, he left an hour ago, in time for the 8.11$ from Brumm. lie sent me
the
material. Some	dit by ram bit
•articles have appeared in the Parisian I " 1,1,1 tenuUy. elasticity and tena-
puprara announcing to the public at j oit)r' ^tch. it is said, are much sup- : among five peoples, and that, as a
erlor to those of ordinary silk; and ! result, great woe will come upon tbs
You
in tu be partitioned
kurge a m vv industry—that of cut t ure
araei-
de«it Lned to t » k»? a plat a Urn guide of ecu icicultuxe.
a hurried little note—business of State—something to do with the coming elections."
“ Oh, he had a telegram, no doubt.
No, 1 had no Idea he was going to leave us."
"I am dreadfully sorry," said Lody Car mi now. "He has been a little distrait lately, but at his best he Is quite the most delightful man in
HI	HI HjjHI
••That is a large order," said Lash- ha" not *"‘lwl ber dohcate finKPr"' ; to devote his life to her and she had , tru„ |lgbt mar. "Pray, hive you met all the	*n ' 1,ld 111,1 ""n •‘t*>'ig i > m* rejected him ; she could not ask him -j he „ u f b ur 0f , j1<; a r tide just ou in era bic wi-I>h of the spiders that
delightful Europeans r	h,'r rm‘:i 1 " se, ved her aInnP; ;l" ir . to provide for her future. Her good old cj|v<1 a	ltut the ..lfalabe/, abound in the garden., of the Mission,
“I have met all the typical men,"	sb‘ 11	e<‘" ™ gPn ewo“,in- • *	“* i	friend, Verner, was as helpless as a	ee Lhe	cai| lhe	and in carding and spinning them,
replied Clarice, reprovingly; "the men	1x16 " al,owed to parry ber a	child ; she coy Id not burden him, nor	duc,ing 8pidel. M quit<> ,li(fi(.u|t	lie wove fabrics that were absolutely	JulT' 1851.	wMch	was widely distribute
who are held up as examplee-Paris-	at h,‘r own pleasur*'’	could she have accepted a homo un-	repild,110e #inv(, lJle feuljk. wllich	unwesrahle and of a coarse aspect.	6,1 ,luri,l8	month throughout
ians, Viennese, IWginns, Italians,	"Granted. But have you treated	der the shadow of Lashmar Castle.	alone yields the thread. ,n so feivcir	"wing to the irregularity uf Uie	‘"'hanghai	and	the	surrounding coun-
Spaninrds; one meets the beat people	her kindly? She would encroach, no	|	Her	chief	hope for the	future	was ^ ^ raveMO||a tjjat ma,e caJ_ lhe three da. Ue then endeavored to ^y. ft La a violent diatribe against
of every nation, don't you know, in	doubt, if treated too kindly, but do	[n	g*,».	Her pen had been	her
diplomatic society. 1 think I know all you think we have been too unkind?" friend and confidante for the last the men who have reputations, and	" I do not know what we may have	x»ven	years.	It was as	natural	for
not one of thorn has the fascination of	t**n. 1 know that for my own part	j	her to	write	as to live.
Nestorius. It is a kind of glamour," I have always been civil to her."	At last the sweet odors of the coun- amj Mts ^
Everybody agreed that the word " Civil, yes, that is the word. But ! try 9ide, the perfume of wild flowers, pjy (m,y jn	Uvoum{ JJJJJ
filled Mr. Neatoriua like a glove. I believe there are some nature» that | tb<5 cool freshness of newly ploughed j ^ ftS the ext|?|lji?e wfto(ls of m;UJ th.-U-xs, it appears that Reaumur at-
Lady Carminow was on Lashmir'e	cannot exist upon bare civility. You	earth, gave place to the fumes of	tfnwfl >f tbe royai g;ir(leIia in Uu,	tempted the reeling of the thread*» oi
right hand as usual, but she found	did not dress her very smartly, eith-	furnaces, a pervading taint, of soot i V )C nuy o£ Tananarive, where they	living spiders in 1710, in operating
him a very disagreeable companion.	or gratify her youthful yearning ftnd sulphur. It was not a pleasant dv not devour one another since they upon ..the Eprtaie of France, ararh-
• How tired	look!" she said. : f°r	n N bright	Her p|#lce lo 0ome to fora soul that loved^^^^—
"I'm afraid the iron works worried | soul must have sickened at that per- j tfae country and had dwelt among
woodlands and the ripple of a river.
She had been only four years old at the time of the fire, yet she had
tlw would permit of the manufacture empire

in their pigeon English," com-
of wundwrîully fine fabrics of ex-tn-Jiv
flexibility and of a strength , ments the Spectator, "Chinamen are
now saying 'Russia have top side
"The spider, the ugly i lei is prepay .ug marvelous riches for us Tan- I deal d to defy ages
ture.
The outlook was not cheerful. She cruel to her," ho exclaimed, " that ' b|i(, n|) on<j tho worl(i whn coulrf
she should be driven to do this thing
The Tm-rit of this original discovery ^nd French he watehee more Tonquin is due to Father Gamixine a mission- s^le
ana nvc is going to del hrone Lyons. J he U«nks of the Rhone are no long-
Now, German he take Chou
help her, unie*» she should stoop to, t„ u, tjj0 „nly ^ to reur e;lk
appeal to Mr. Nestorius, and he was . I>r(JKlUC(.ra fur th<1 |ni„ir Iui already toend<uivour to turn the thread of the must want something. It for Melli-,	,	J	, just the one person to whom she felt ^	^	„ ,, ¦	,, .	•ilk-producing spider, Nephila Ma da- can man we read Japanese man, the
Sho bus been my reader and secre nry, 8be could not appeal. He had asked	u,„ga to more mvduet „ropor. gaeearensi.s. to account. Like the Prophecy looks like oounng true, and
she has led the life of a lady. . hef to be his wife, had been eager tkmA aad (o preêeüi lJlt.m ju thpir Malagans, lie contented himself in the fact of its diffusion may help lathe first plue*; with collecting the in— I war<* realization."
ary in Madagascar, who was the first t/hou Bay, Me 11 lean man and English
" I don’t know what you mean by cruelty. For the last two years, since
lhe second prediction is in the Museum at Toulouse, being a translation of a Chinese document, dated
I
the French and English, who had aet-
imorove his I bread by reeling it dir-
no»t approach her except w*tii
tied themselves upon Chin, se soil, and reads as follows "You are beasts. We can only deal with you in one
way, and that is by massacring all
of you.
'Your crimes cry out to L- tven, • vxh.,"Lluie heaven is angry and has ordered us to destroy you with the
artillery of the gods.
"As soon as the wrath of the people bursts forth spontaneously you will be struck down; you will be choked to death, and of you there will remain but fragments.
We will fix the day of a general Nall* should hv vi:h r Pointed Nor Too massacre, but no foreigner will be
able to learn when it is to take place." The third prediction was made in one and a half times as long as it Paris on June 13, 1880, the prophet is broad, and always shows a cres- ( being General Tscheng-ki-Tong, one cent at the base. Highly polished or , of the most brilliant representatives pointed nails are not indicative of of young China, and one of the most
and not until I **tly from the ntvloir u of the spiders
greatest precaution, after h« has as.iured h inself of her wb:°h he incl(*wd in match boxes, ta ngs; for, Ln m oases, shf kills	tiHSS in vN»atW of ÜM pro*
cess now employed at tie Professional School of Tananarive. Never-
So these insects mullir
ttire there aseureri of an abundance of i (>f M 111:1 food
i‘ze of which, accord-
to his calculations, it would require
petual gown."
" Are you mad. Lash mar, that you preach to me like this ?”
you."
” Not at all; the iron works are delightful. I envy you the sense of power you must feel when you survey that army of blackened faces ; you must feel like Zenobia before she was oonquered."
" Zenobia never was beaten,” interjected Lady Sophia across the table. She never could hear a classical name without referring it to the Racing Calendar. ” She was one of the finest two-year-olds that Lord Zetland ever owned. He sold her to Count Lagrange for a pot of money on the strength of her Newmarket successes, and she won the Grand Prix the year after."
Lady Lashinar retired soon after the ladles left the dining-room, and it was about ten o’clock when Lord Lashmar, on his way to the drawingroom, was startled by a tremendous ringing at his mother’s bell, a summons so violent that he took fright and hurried at once to her ladyship’s room, expecting to find her attacked by some direful illness.
She was not ill, but she was in a towering rage, and turned upon her offspring as a tigreas upon her cub.
" Where is Stella ?"
Under enicih unfavorable conditions 700,000 to yield a pound of silk
it i* almost impossible to hope for uni.ini ted artificial rearing, as with I the 6;
an
SOME MANICURING HINTS.
instinct that told her in which di-
" No, I am only remorseful,, very re- an morseful. Great God 1 if we should rection that great block of buildings have driven her into danger ! Why, she bad stood, the big house from which Iknows no more of the outside world she had looked out of a window high
the very sky as it hid seemed
worm, and it seems to be inevitable that we shall have to connue ourselves to an exploitation of the spkleirs that live Ln these privileged Localities, taking care not to decimate or destroy them. This simple expose suffices to demonstrate that


Poll lied*
The nail as it should l>e is about
than a baby. But perhaps she has only to the nearest shelter; to old
up in
to her then—a window that looked
Verner's cottage. I will go and hunt
straight opt at sun or stars.
IE HI , é E’rErHl'HB.E	s s: .ms 1 sz ïs
shall be in a fever till she is found, street she found a shop door open and	f,u|n ^e’eXDeriments iiii i If ,h*' t<>P	dress lt fhe “CercI* Saint-Simon,"
I have been a wretch, a cold-hearted,	the light shining on the pavement in	d(,,dve a €eruun	ad vanta e ^ °	If the nails ar® rounded off with	an<1 hU sPeech *truck awe into the
vindictive brute. I have been system-	front of it. She looked in timidly, and	^^^scale i. *	T dg*’ °”. a	*ke file every day they will not need	, fashionable and cultured Parisians
atically uncivil to her, I who know saw two women, one elderly and stout, f	^	"r r,ILr " >c" to be cut with the scissors, which is who heard him, since, though couched
bow fond my poor brother was of her; the other thin and waspish-looking, of :f° h injurious. In order to keep the ores- in courtly language, it was virtually I who, for	his sake,	ought	to	have	' that doubtful period between eight-	CM<	U|f y	rare dn<	ua e a	cent at the base well formed the skin	a challenge of the yellow race to	the
been kind.	She had	a bad	influence	land-twenty and eight-and-thirty. in	. ®	^inn‘ng u	aat WlUt^h®	should be pushed back from the nail	white,
upon me, somehow; she stirred some-I which unmarried womanhood is apt	.	1	*ina u0 with 11 he towel, or, if necessary,with
thing evil in my nature. I hope I shall	to turn to shrewishness.	j! ^nanairive	(J[in	J Gf‘neraI a blunt orange stick	every time the speaker's first words
find her with Verner."	Stella looked from the thin daugh-	a **Jni V. .r><	l>a.aC€of 1 Je queen	hands are washed. The orange stick	the Parisians as the most cultured
" I dare say you will, and you will	ter to the stout mother and it was to	am * a< JvlDing	buildings. , I his in-	ia excellent also for cleaning the fin-	people on earth
exalt her idea of her own importance | the latter she addressed her ques-	*ldu ,(*n Xv ]M ,A'° ,m ' l> 111 m(jSt	ger nails after they have been soak-	fined audience not to think too light-
by going after her in person. You tions.	™ ul v . Generl 8 works in ed fur a few minutes in warm water ly of him on account of his barbarie
had much better send a stable boy." "There used to be a large lodging- Madagascar, if its directors are able obtaining a little lemon juice
"No. 1 "want a smoke in the open house for working people near the '"	1 ¦ n ii in h - «mn-m v i>: ic-	the nails show a tendency to eyes and him "pigtail."
air. I’ll go	myself"	cemetery,1 she faltered, "It was burnt	1 c'*	VVI>	Ujal 11 M	’ n ,r;ir,‘d "'it	brittleness, a little soaking in warm	Parisian tailors, Parisian cook», Par-
He went,	being a young	man	who	down a good many years ago. Warn it Mivm.	1 he young .vbilagash pup.ls	0jjve 0j| after removing them from	isian theatres, to the skies, and as	for
always took hi» own way. Never had ever built up again?"	attend th* lectiineM with the g eat- tbe iemon water and an application Parisian women, he vowed that man-
be been so disturbed	in mind as he	"Of course it was," answered the	e8t assiduity, and	they and the pro	u£ cojd oream at	night will	prove	, darins would	be only too	happy to
was about the flight	of this girl,	younger woman, sharply. "If you’d	1 •*’«' « - 11,1 monitors	vie with each	beneficial.	lie forever at	their f*et, even though
I hive not the faintest idea, I» j bad seen	ber	suffering	under	his	gone twenty yards further you’d have t>t eirynzea.	in polishing the nails with the	‘ these feet were not quite as small
she not	to	be	found, that you inquire	Lather's jcy tyranny,	and had made	seen it straight before you. It was re-	During his visit	he	had an oppor-	chamois polis ho r,	neither paste nor	as those of the beauties of	their own
so	vehemently?'	I	n0 remonstrance—he who was young	built, and it was made twice the sise	tuei-dy of swing	the	operation of	powder should be used. Powder	makes	country
and prosperous and happy had done it was at the beginning."	r<> ,ng the silk from the spider per-1 the nails brittle and paste gives an un- 1 was, and the cultured, fin-de-siecle
nothing for friendless and oppress-	"Was this shop here at	the time firm,d ujndvr	and WM *'n’ desirably high color.	audience was fast becoming	enrap-
ed youth—he	who	called	himself	a	of	the	fire?"	<ibfd to phot,<»giaph	the different, After us.ng 1 he file to round the	tured when suddenly General Ta-
man had never pleaded for woman- " Yes, twenty years before the fire," ' rA tjj fl V<,I V curious process. (inger nails in shape, it is well to cheng-ki-Tong'i tone changed. He hood deprived of all womanly joys, answered the mother. "My daughter ,n iiv **** pMoe, the spiders are yee an ejaery strip to remove any became ironical; he told the Parisians " She is getting too grand to obey | And to-day he had gone further, had was born in this very house. I ve liv- bj might fiom the c-uuntry in light rougjlIiega tbat remains.	1 before him th.it he did not consider
orders.	Perhaps	she has gone off Lttacked	a	defenseless girl	with	most	ed in it nearly forty years.	It was a	baskeu by Malagasih women on the PersuIl3	upon whom nature has not	them by any means faultless, and
with	Mr.	Nestorius."	'insulting	speech.	He	had	been	bru- | new	house when my	husband	came	J*1 >' upom which the silk is to	begtoWed	taper-6 ha ped fingers some-	that in his eyes their civilization was
into	it, and he had tu	make	the	busi-	** iee ed. It is important, in fact,	timps try	to attain them by the use	a cloak of vanity, fraud and corrup-
that they shall be left shut up to-	Qf various	devicea. Metal cones reach-	tion. Then he electrifiei them with
gethar for but a short time, since thy .	.	. e	...	.	, m these strange words ;—"You do not
have an unfortunate habit of devour- mg . °	€ *cc 11	' e W0 " know China; the country is too large.
lag one another, an<l	the risk would ; at mgh!' ^ S’JppU"ed to secure this	We ourselves, born in China, do not
.	.	1 result, but unless one begins at an	quale know it. Europe, which does
be run of eventually	finding nothing ear|y agg_ when the Angers are soft	not know everything, which sped-
b., U,.	,b. o„r- ,nd	„, ............ 255»
it is doubtful if they would produce 0f the Celestial Empir*
nun n tit y ‘ in ( li

Gentle, yet sarcastic, were the
lie eulogized

He begged his re-
costume, his yellow skin, his almond
He lauded
Very fluttering all this
" She is not to be found anywhere In this house. Bhe was to have read to me at half-past nine. It is the first time she has ever disobeyed my orders."
What do you mean ?"
tal, offensive, ungentlemanlike
" Surely you have seen what has I The lamp was burning in the old I ness bit by bit." been going on under your eyes. The bookworm’s parlor, but he was alone "As you have lived here so long gentleman is impressionable—the lady with Aristotle, and the rest of the perhaps you remember a man called artful. She has been trying to se- learned dead. He had heard nothing Bold wood," said Stella tremulously, sure a wealthy husband. She has | of Stella's flight—was in the deepest |	" Bold wood — Jonathan Boldwood ;
yes, I should think I do remember
• Her ladyship has a very fine char-1 him. drat him I My husband was .1-1 -ter then proceeds w in reeling .ilk fore a registrar in Brumin, or in Lon- I acter, • he said, apologetically; "but m09t cracked about that min, and	ia o say, ne uoitee
don. to-morrow morning."	|	has neVer understood Stella. The	use<1 to g0 to hear him at ever^ meat"
" Nestorius could not be such	a mad-1	irl	is altogether exceptional; she	ing. and oome home with a pack of	time	thiat	tHey are	reeled
has	genius, Lord Laahmar, original	nonsense in his head. Radicals have	produce «	threed of	the desired	size.
"Who knows? He would not	be	the	I	geniug. The only person who has ever	driven all the county gentry away	As	fur	tb* spiders, they	are	pine-
first to count the world we., lost tor | understood and appreciated her-,. I B-mm =	ain t half ^	n h	°„ot to 6lve Rise to Dyspepsia and Other Bodily Derangements-Sr. Chees'd

brought him to book and is off over | distress at hearing of it the border. They can be married be-

s ‘a negligible
wnrl IN affairs.
several
threads and twists them at the same
the desired effect
so as to
Constipated Bowels
man 1"
love. If she bias gone, you may be L^t toy humble self—ia Mr. Neator- carriages there used to be in	I
sure	he	is concerned	in	her	depar- |	ius	».	streets when	I was a girl, Radicals	mutilate or wound them during the
tore.	Hhe	may	be	only	outstaying	"	Mr. Nestorius is in love with her,” bave sent	the	English nobility abroad	operation, since they are capable of
her time with old Verner. listening to said Lashmar, sharply. "That is what to «Pend their money, because they,	euhzmtM to fouir or five sue.	«	,	. distress and suffering than any other , ney-Liver Fills for Constipation
of Tananarive	the idea has occurred	Drganic derangement.	Once the bowels	and Stomach Troubles and	neve
constipated the	kidneys become	found	anything to	compare	wit
"guillotines.”	the crescents	of which	fclogged, the liver torpid and the sto-	them.	I had suffered	from these com
w* •*- —	k?
Jlie head aches, there is dizziness, rnained for Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Livef upon the corselet and their abdomen	weakness	and	dimness of	vision,	pains	pills	to cure	me.	am	now	well	and
Tell me,	said	he in summing up, tell [	emerges from the side on which the	in	’he	back,	sides	and	nibs,	the	ic-	strong,	but	continue	to	take	one	og
cumulation of wind and gas on the two pills a week to counteract thé stomach, pains and fulness in the re- uric acid condition in the blood an<J is done The Ma Lagash girls in per- gion of the stomach and depression to keep the bowels perfectly regular.
forming this delicate operation, touch gnd despondency of spirits.
the «md of the abdomen of the prim- Constipation can not be cured by
the use of salts and similar wea«ken-,	.	Ing and debilitating purgatlvem. Dr
withdraw the	latter, thus	carrying	Rasa’s Ki<l!>ev-Liver	Pills not 03I;
along, in a single bundle, the twelve or 1 sause (he natüràl actloü of t he how twenty-four threads to a book that els but so strengthen and invigorate
them as to enable them to regularly perform their functions without aid of medicines
the liver and kidneys, and so revital
Kidney liver Pills are Unique as the Only Treatment Whloh Permanently Cures Constipation

To Be Continued
Said her ladyship, striking the spring
bell which summoned her personal at- | student, thoughtfully, "tie certainly
was profoundly interested in her. He Before it could be answered, Bar-1 seemed to take a delight in her sober came in with the latest intellig- ciety, would linger and linger when
" Well it may be so,” replied the
5
A QUERY FOR HIM.
He has discoursed learnedly, if somewhat wearyingly, to hi» friend
of food upon
to place the spiders iin what are called
are
tendants
.	.	.	.	, on th‘i influence
she was bore, and hang upon her
corselet. Their legs are turned back
•nee
Nella had been seen to leave the I words. Perhaps it was on her account castle with a little carpet bag; one | he came here so often.1' of the housemaids had met her on the
and had asked her 11 tell you, Verner, h(e is over head
character
what a man eats and 1 will tell
1 I you what he i»,
Hi» friend, though fatigued,
" He i. old	to be her tsth-1	queatlon I wUh
pgsKsSag sgjgjsi
"My eervent. are a regiment of He might aa well hare appealed to you are at it, and 111 ehow you howl
I	% ir— -	•—
flight, but he had no suggestion to j How much sage tea would you have offer
" I would walk barefoot to Lon-1 self?
unwinding and twisting of the thread
me
Of course it was on her account
back staircase
the had answered. " For a holiday ?" | and ears in love with her." M Forever." The housemaid had oon-
wai
I
Mr. James Gardiner, Baih, Ont., says:—"I was a sufferer for forty years from indigestion and constipation. At limes I would go two Weeks without 3 motion in my bowels, suf-
! fared violent!? from headachy :
‘•pent a small fortune in reïïîêulsî; but the only remedy that gave me relief was Dr. Chase’s Kidney Liver Pille. I would not be w ithout them for any* thing."
Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills. One pill a dose, i5 cents a box. at all dealers, or Edina mon. Bales 4 Os* Toronto
orner* with the finger and then gently
unites them into a single one, whence
be
they afterward start for the bobbin upon which they are to be wound.
In order to effect the reeling and ise the whole excretory system and
time, am ingenious system has been djsmgsfs devised that gives excellent results. Mr.
They also act on
this girl ?"
•* A tittle before sine o’clock.”
" That will 4s tor ISs present, Bar-
to drink to make a wise man of your-

U»nry Moore, Pickering, OnL,

i
/
###PAGE###4###

Removal I
School Books
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, old, (standard) 75 to 14 new
Oats per bushel, 20 to 2:k\ Pease per bushel, 00 to 5.V. lîgga, per dozen, 12c Butter, per pound, 17 to 1S< Wool, per pound. Id to ISv. Pelts, each, 45 to 50v. Calfskins, 10 to 50e.
DALE BROS.
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 11, 1900.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
• . . SHAWVILLE • • •
-and-
70 to 75c
School Supplies.
EDITORIAL NOTES
HAVE
REMOVED THEIR
The remnant of the Boer army, which has made its escape northward, will, it is reported, continue to fight until compelled to sui render.
Wo have just received A FULL STOCK
Tinware Shop
HEAD-gUAIiTEftS FOR
and avv able to supply all the necessaries
for School.
OTTAWA
Butter, print. 25c. per lb.
“	pails, 20 to 21 e. per 1
Kggs, fresh, lSc. per di>z. Potatoes, in to 15c. per bag. Apples, :C> to 7.V. per bag. lwiinb, 7 to He. per II*. Mutton, ti toHe. peril).
Beef, 31 to tli. pel' II».
Pork, P, to 7v. per lb. Chickens, :t."i to OUe. a pair. Oats. 27 to 20c. per bushel. Hay, $8.50to s 10.00 per ton. Wool. 11 to 10c. per lb.
Colonel McMillan, who was a member of the Green way Ooverninent, ia to become Lieut.-Governor of Manitoba this week.
to the premises on
Pickanock Street
recently purchased by them and recently occupied by G, W. Swatnian.
Scribblers a ltd
Harness, Collars,
Bells,
Whips,
Robes, Exercise M*'Coats
)
Tin* designs are patriotic and warlike and wv haw umdv war on the prices
Hon. Hugh John Macdonald in opening hia campaign in Brandon last Thursday, promised, if elected, to use his utmost endeavors to have all duty removed on agricultural implements.
Cutters,
Sleighs,
Sloops,
Rugs Blankets,
;
Pencils,
Pens, Inks, Pencil Boxes, &c., &c.
Customers will tind us with
A full line of Goods
Messrs. A. Foster and John I*. Miller, .
Pembroke, were at the Chapeau fair last LOOK Ollt I 01
week, and took advantage of the occasion to put in some good spokes for the Cun aervative candidate, whose prospects in the upper end are said to be very encouraging.
Washers, Wringers, Churns,
Sewing Machines,
ami prepared an usual to execute nil orders in the Jobbing line in a prompt and satisfactory manner.
You can get anything necessary for school at our store.
BARGAINS
DALE BROS.
Axes, &c.
WE 11 AY K ALSO RECEIVED A Ft LL LINE OF
Shovels,
IN MILLINERY
IT
•cs
CEO. HYNES,
All through the Season.
Vs my stock is large and well selected 1 am able to suit all customers in style and price, and 1 know it will be to your advantage to call before you purchase elsewhere.
STATIONERY,
There are, it ia reported, about 50 applicants for the alidemastership at Bryson, made vacant by the resignation of of Mr. G. H. Brabazon, which means that about 40 individuals are going to be I Thanking the ladles of Shaw ville and sur
^appointed, and then what 1	1 r°U"ding coun,ry for ,heirP,lsl favoK
NOTE PAPERS, ENVELOPES, WRITING TABLETS,
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - . QUE.
SMART & SMITH.
ETC.
A#, t. McWilliams.
Call and examine our stock and be convinced that the right place to buy .	.. is at the ..	..
In hie speech at Chapeau exhibition on the 2nd inst., Thomas Murray, according to the Pembroke Observer report stated
th“ it .0	I» ...id d. I	te
n.s utmost to ha\e the Senate abolished. | holders of this Municmaiity that the Col
led ion Roll of School I
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
Public Notice.
We are Agents for
The Winchester
DRUG STORE,
We are not surprised at this. Since his friends the Liberals have been in
¦	¦ ¦ axes os established
by t he School torn missioned of this Muni-p)wer I ci pal it y has I icon made and completed, and
the Senate has blocked several huge t,ml hOW an<1 wil1 remain in my pos,	.	. . session for inspect ion by parties interested
rauds which they endeavored to .	,i«,thirty days from ihis nutive, dur-
ing' xx Rich time it may be aim nded ratepayer may, during the said delay complain of such roll, which shall he taken into consideration and homologated with or without amendment at the meeting of ('oimnissionei-s to take place on the Kith day of October next, at the place where such meetings are usually held, at the hour of eight o'clock in the evening : hut such delay expired it shall come into force and every person Interested after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desire, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned at his ollicv within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days without further notice.
Given at Sliaxvville this 1 Ith day of the month of September. 1900.
4
SHAWVILLE.
Rifle

• m 3

38 - 55 ! BALLARD & MARLIN
opposite McGuires hotel
upon the people of Canada, notably the Yukon tramway deal, hence the Pembroke man’s hostility.
Xnv
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
Farm for Sale.
Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and lO Gauge, slightly discolored, at $1.50 per hundred.
iV|cDOUCALL and CUZNEfj’S Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
1
Farm for sale being Lot No. 15 on the Mih ranga of the Township of Clarendon, Co. of Pontiac, containing 2HU acres of land. There are good building erected thereon w Inch are ni. ely .situated at tin
Green Ijike. good shape for cultivation. The l	ncier consists of bush-
land containing a large quantity of pine, maple, ash and pulpwood. For terms and particulars apply to
i
AT ENTS
From tho general trend of the movements that are going on in local Liberal circles, it seems now to be a foregone conclusion that Mr. Thomas Murray will receive the nomination at the convention which meets in this village on Thursday. The doubts which existed sumo weeks ago of this result have been pretty fully swept away by the 14 pulling out " of 'Dr. Gaboury, whom many regarded as just strong a candidate as Mr. Murray, with the advantage on his aide of being a local man. The Doctor made some positive statements that he would be in tho field, but the pressure that was brought to bear from Ottawa seems to have been potent than his political ambition, hence his stepping aside to make smoother sail, ing for the Renfrew man who has dently persuaded the Government that he is the only Liberal who stands chance of winning in Pontiac. And the Government, submitting to Mr. Murray dictum, practically says to tho Liberals of Pontiac 44 Murray is our man, you must accept him will be meekly swallowed with that of resignation, which party interests in this case, expected to dictate, is no particular concern of our s ; but it to us as a rather undue application of the screws, which independent Liberals, at all events, will feel disposed to resent.
favored simnnvr reçoit Alioul 100 acres are in
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a nkctrb and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an invention Is probably pntenlahle. Communie*, lions strictly confidential. Handbook on Cat cuts sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.
Patents taken through Mutin A tv. receive tjxctal notkt, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
S. E. WILSON,
Cascades 1*. O., Que
II. LANG. St
Treas
Stopping Place to Bent.
NOTICE.
as
Canada’s Sons Kopje and Veldt
Just
A handsomely illustrated weekly, largest elr eolation of any scientific Journal. Terms. $:t n year : four months, f I. Hold by all newsdealers.
The undersigned offers to let his large well-equipped stopping place on John Bull Greek, l'pper Cou longe. The premises afford good accommodation, which includes stabling for fifty-six teams. Will he rented already stocked with supplies for ing winter’s travel, or without, as lessee may desire. For further particulars apply
GEORGE CRAWFORD. "
Otter Lake.
Dissolution of Partnership.
Published
wwv36tBr..dw.,, York
Ur»noli Office 625 F Ht.. Washington. D. C
Notice i> hereby given that the partnership heretofore subsisting between James Gut bbertson, James Graham and Joint G. Elliott, doing business in the village of Sliaw ville under the name and style of Gut bbertson, Graham & Elliott, has this day been dissolved by mutual concent. All claims against tha late linn will be settled by the said James Guthbertsoil, to whom all debts and accounts due qui red to be paid on or before the 15th of December, next.
In future the furniture and undertaking department of the late firm will be carried on by .lames Graham, while the lumber, sawing, planing, shingle mill, etc., will be carried on by John G. Elliott.
Dated at Shaw ville this first day of October. 1MI0.
(Signed.)
on
GOODS WELL BOUGHT ARE HALF SOLD
com
mote
An authentic account of the Canadian Contingents in the South African War. By T. G. Marqis, 1». A. Introduction by Very Rev. Principal Grant, L. L. D. Based on the official despatches of Lieut.-Col. t > ter and other commanding officers at the front plvte in One Volume, 500 pages, richly illustrated, only 81.50 Agents coining money. GET FREE PROSPKVTl S.
t
to
To buy well, watch the latest pni formation in the special TRADE
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
m	- Sample* ?fCC
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
ce* and in
PRESS
CM-
Coin
are re
a
Public Notice
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
BBA2TTF0BD, ONT.
To Whom It May Concern :
Inasmuch as that we have gone lx* yond our limit in collecting taxes "ity now compels a speedy collection of all Taxes municipal and school. Believe this to he the last notice without costs.
IL MATHESOX.
Sec.-Treas.
a
neees
Whether the dnse
IAS. Gl TIIBKRTSOX IAS. GRAH AM.
LG. ELLIOTT.
• :«trk
spill
are
Shaw ville, Oct. 2. 190U
Know by its Fruits
.303 Calibre.
appears

The Liberal press never wearies of sing, the abiding prosperity of the nation, the ing Sir Wilfrid’s praises. His dramatic growth and development of towns and appeals are capitalized and every effort is cities and the welfare and happiness of made to persuade the leader that a Lib every citizen.
era I administration would bo as noble as The Conservative party twenty-two the rhetorical utterances would suggest, years ago initiated a policy which through The St. Johns (Que.) News tears of the H)w it TENDS TO KEEP canadiax cattle	and reveal, the putrid body of the
.v, „
r - - ,	.	.	, will not atone for the sine of his govern-
lii*l
after the sea voyage and brings a better doubted that Sir Wilfrid is sincere in hie puce for em. Today the cattle must aspirations in regard to a solidarity of
a zx&i
xhe privilege of .ending our hve cattle Ln.ot.on, have a right to a.k Sir Wilfrid anywhere n ng and depend upon the what has become of the platform upon
- ls :rrs.œr:ks	££ sz
' . !'‘v 8<iy	^ introduce the l ni the government should be pinned to that,
ted States cattle into Canaaa without The epigiam is well enough ; there is a qua ran me ey w il m?\er take our live certain emotion in pious sentiments, cattle into England, because they fear uttered with the hand upon the heart that disease will be brought in with Lhat the country has a right to ask is, them. r. *»her has abolished the why did the governntent deceive people, quarantine. He went voluntarily to why did it offer an incompetent, a aehmgton, and oflered to do this if the corrupt regime instead of the noble pio Americans would do the same thing foi gram which it dangled before the eyes of
us. The Secretary of Agriculture at the e ectorate four years ago?”—Montial Washington waa delighted with Mr j sur:
Fisher’s offer. Americans do not want our farmers to have privileges in the British market that are not also enjoyed by themselves. The Secretary of Agri culture saw at once that Mr. Fisher’s
proposal would prevent us from getting I renting on the Manifesto of Sir Charles what we want in Britain, and he jumped Supper, issued to the farmers of Canada at it. When Mr. Fishsr abolished our ! *aat wee^‘ aaya :— quarantine for American cattle he forfeit-1 Not since Sir John A. Macdonald went ed our chance to get into the British j t > the country on the National Policy market. When the Americans abolished I platform has so important a manifesto their qusrsntine on our cattle they also been issued by a political leader, as that doubled the tariff duties, thus neutraliz- which we publish this morning ing the privileges they had given us. If pen of Sir Charles Tupper. G it had not been for Mr. Fisher's mistake the country, but upon man’s wise use of we might have had the freedom of the its powers and a proper system of bus-British market for live cattle long ago. j banding and marketing its fruits depend

Savage Magazine Rifle.
A Fisher Blunder
eighteen long years was antagonized, denounced as “ legalized robbery ” and devoted to destruction by the Liberal party,
in commons resolutions, party convention j Finest and safest rifle ever made
platforms and hustings pledges, but
which went forward in its beneficent | Write for complete u*oe Catalogue work of developments in the water and railway of the country, and fostering our manufacturing interests, justifying the wisdom of the Conservative leaders and convincing even the Liberal party till, in utter helplessness and confusion, its leaders appropriated the policy and declared, through Hon. Mr. Sifton at Perth, that the tariff had ceased to be an issue.
Now Sir Charles Tupper would place, as the latest gift of his long and useful life of service for this nation, upon the statute books a policy which directly and deeply concerns the weal of every farmer in Canada. He would invoke the vast resources of the Dominion to serve the farmers, as he co-operated with Sir John A. Macdonald to fester the infant industries of tho towns and cities of the Dominion. The conception is one which appeals to the patriotism of every Canadian, and will commend itself strongly to the men who sow the fields and reap the harvests by which our people live.
We are confident that the policy thus presented cannot fail to command popular approval as it comes to be understood.
The Manifesto, lengthy though it be, I Sir Wilfrid Laurier that whoever is beat-will receive as it ought the moat careful en in the coming election shall retire consideration of every farmer, aye, of from politics. This giving of the odds is every elector to whom it may come.	another evidence of the Conservative
___	__ chief’s confidence. If Sir Wilfrid Laur-
mmm*
reuon for delay in beginning the commit g;r Charles Tapper seemt to be having tton a work is the Government's desire to jt ,u his own way in Nova Scotia these keep back the complete exposure of “ the I days. Tremendous crowds are greeting machine” until it gets all the work it him everywhere, and enthusiasm runs can out of it.	] high.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Emmeries Smokeless 6-Shooter.
One rifle takes six different cartridges. Point Blank Range for Hunting.
for large or small game
RMS OO., UTICA. N. Y
U. S. AMERICA
J|0 DIFFERENCE.
PONTIAC
Xfter
FRESH and CURED
MEATSWOOLLEN
The fact that the name of
our place of business has been changed from Park man to Starke’s Corners makes no difference with us.
We are still in the old stand, doing business on the same fair, square-dealing lines and ever ready to meet the requirements of our customers.
of all kinds at
MILLS.
THE SHAWVILLE
tyeat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
o
This well-known and reliable
establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the quirements of the farmers of the county.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NEW AND COMPLETE
STOCK OF
re-
Proprietor.
Summer
Our stock of Clotli
Including nil the finest makes in
Goods
Sir Charles Tupper offers to agree with
Sir Charles Tapper's Manifesto
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
SERGES TWEEDS
>
The Ottawa Citizen, editorially com
i
WORSTEDS,
&c. &c.,
The
TEAS! TEAS !
e e e	e e #
will U» found choice and complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
SILAS YOUNG,
•TARKE’S CORNER».
from the Vod made
A. HODCINS,
PROROPRIETOR
L


9
###PAGE###5###












\



THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No 276.
ME.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUIII.riH ED EVERY THVRMDAY
at 8HAWVILLF, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
f.RT No paper «topped until «11 arrearage* e paid, u il le vs by special arrangement with ubllsher.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
(
m
Meet» the 4th Wednes day of every month.
Court due» must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
Our all Range of
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Zooms.
LUC
A. SMILEY, Prop.
J. A. Cowan, It R.
H. 8. Haknktt, F fl
JACKETS
J. XV. Eadm, c. r-
:o:
TAILOR MADE
ADVERTISING RATER î
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
eight cent» per line for four cent» per 11 ne for
Legal advertising, first Insertion nna each §»!»»•¦•,tient InsertIon.
Bust ness card* not exceeding one Inch In-gerted at II00 per year.
Local announccmcniii Inserted at the rate oftlve cent* per line tor Ural Insertion and three cent» for subsequent insertion*.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instruction* accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary pi etry throe cents per line.
The Frost & Wood Company (Limited)
81 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
Steel Ploughs
High grade
Has met with great success- We carry a very large range of faultlessly-made Jackets and Capes. They are moving out in double quick order these days. Call early and inspect whether you buy or not. Always a pleasure to show goods here.
Lumber cf All Kinds Bought and Sold
(’OXsrUNMKNTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Bmlneti a Specialty.
Are in every corner of the Domininion. Our ploughs are looked upon as the standard by which others are judged. To such a degree of excellence have we attained in the manufacture of ploughs that competitors are obliged to represent their ploughs to be equally as good ; but farmers have learned by experience that they can absolutely rely on ours being the best, and that no others are “ just as good.”
Always in stocl\ at
Itr.rKHKNf r.* »v PeitMMHius :
I>®mU Muvptiy. Pres. Ottvwa Transportation Co. K. W* Avery,, Hull Lumber Co.
J. T. KliirrftT, E B. Eddy Co.
Lutchford A Me Bengali, Uarrlstcr».
John Heiiey k Hons,
It S. Bute à Son,
JOB PRINTING.

All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly at tended to.
JOHN A. COWAN, '
Publisher
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN SI^ITIji Proprietor.
s
Furs ! Furs ! Furs !
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
We are known as Dealers in High-grade Furs I
But high and low alike you will find our Fur Goods all that can be desired. Fit and Finish of every garment perfect.
Gapes and Caperines.
We have a variety of these dressy Garments—all fur—all lined—special prices.
F.M.A.McNaughtoq,TliehPotsp°*for~
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, ok A Clean Shave.
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the lute Dr. H. H Knox, Shaw ville.
Office hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
tv Your Turn next.
A. SMILEY’S.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.
;
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity Unlveialty, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornes and RsainsKce : J. H Armhthozcu» Hoche, MAIN STREET - • 8HAWVILLK.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
P. S.—Blankets, Robes and Harness.
and
JEWELLER
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
&•<:. &e.
Ml
LEGAL.
f
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L. I
I
' ?
'Sn

1
Cloth Caps
0
w
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
SlIAWMLLE EVERY MONDAY,
r
•a

m
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval

It KPAl FITS',—
a Upkculity.
WILL VISIT

1
r
For Fall and Winter wear
We have them in endless variety and price.

i - •
WM. GAMBLE,
%
SflAWVILLEJ.

BARRISTER, &o
Room 2d, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
‘of each month.
AM ce-over O. F. Hodgins’ Store, Main St.
m
•t
District and Country.

0
I
G. F. HODGINS.

.
Sir Wilfrid Limier laid the foundation of the proposed Quebec bridge on Tuesday last in presence of 10,000 people.
Mr. John Ferguscn, the sitting mem* | her for South Renfrew, was again chosen, st a very representative convention last week as the standard-bearer of the Liberal-Conservative paity.
Pembroke, Ont , Oct. 8 — While Mrs.
Robt. Dickson, of Pembroke,	was out
driving yesterday, the horse	became
friKhteneJ and ran away. Mr*	Dickson	u	ja	lDti„iated	that	a	Liberal	caucus
waa thrown out of the ng and	received	at, <juebec	resolved	that	it	wai	not	advU-
injuries from which she died three hours ab£ t„ bring on lhe fcdera, and provin.
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court.	a er*	c al elections at the same time. The de-
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Toronto, Oct. 8.— Isaiah NX arner, care- c tion looks like a wise one from Mr Mortgages, etc.,executed legally and sails taker of the Ontario Government piggery, Parent’s point of view, fact only.	who was injuted in an altercation over He lias a new Government, and an of -
SH AWVILLE - - - - QUE. politics on September 29 h, is dead. F.d portunity.
ward Tavener, who is alleged to have the opportunity by taking on his should- Windsor, against the People’s Hank for itiu« k or kicked him. is under arrest, era the load of political offences that Mr. compensation for the arrest of the rob-An inquest will be held.	Tartes rule has made fur the federal	ben*, has been decided against him by
Liberals in this province^to carry.	Judge Lemieux. The Bank behaved
The farmers’ Gazette draws a gloomy	____ m _____________ shabbily towards the men that made the
picture of tl.e condition of the potato crop	__	.	. ,	capture of these scoundrels who burglar-
uf Ireland upon which so many of the	Murcierea oy pax ages.	ized it, and the case was a test one. The
Will be In Shawvllle on Tuesday and Sat-1 peasantry still depend for their food	,	_	.	Judge decided that they had no legal
supply. “The worst/' it says, “has . Vancouver, October o.-A .to, y comes claim, hut thought the bank should have
been realized in regard to the crop, and from Los Negroes c. nctmmg nn been more liberal than it had have
for many small farmers there is nothing	m8 c! 110. ,,l"l’u* ll,n,‘l J, a l,l‘ 11 ®	been in rewarding the captors for ritkii g	Straved from	XXTieidihatVs farm, Claren-
UUFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT •*'"» *•"	CLTZ ISSüLtjSS ! «*
eu t*ze me n t »! fo r a n y b usl net M u eon nectl on	The men who protested against the	natives. She ran ashore on a coral reef,	In Nova Scotia votes are being sought	olds except one	a brown cow. Informa-
wltVall Courts In the County. Collections	Conservative policy for a transcontinen-	and wasquickly surrounded by hundreds ut	for the government on the promise that	tion ,0/ ,'vhvrc	they may he found will be
m idea ud prompt return sassu red	^	tai railway and said it could not be ac	savages. The captain, officers and crew	Mr. Fielding is booked as Sir Wilfrid	T banklully lvirmjl fjROXX’NLEE
— compliahed are now protesting against were then beaten to death with clubs. Laurier s successor in the premiership,	Qr	BROXVNLKE,
the party’s cold storage and fast irans- Her decks were literally running with and that when the change comes he will portation policy. But the electors have the b’ood of the unfortunate victims and turn Mr. Tarte out of the cabinet. Those faith in the N. P. party and will com- the fierce savages then carried from the who wish to get rid of the master of the mission it to carry out its latest policy.— wreck everything movable. R. Lynt; administration, have a better way of secur-
was the murdered skipper, the first and second officers being named respectively John Garland and Peter Mullen.


BABY No. 1
;
V
I
CEO. C. WRIGHT
will save you $10 per cow
per year
The prices are net at list to one and all alike
discount.
P. S.—Look out for FUR DISPLAY.
v
i

ADVOCATE. BARRISTER. &C ,
v>
OF THE PROVINCE OF tjVLBEV,
Trust Building—
•is Sparks Street, Ottawa. Phone No. 1173.
no
m
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.

*v _ j
Tne British elections which have been ’ going on fur the past ten days, show that the Conservatives are far in the lead, having secured 32f> seats against 192 on Monday r o uing.
W. W. IRELAND,
Write for particulars to

W. S. CLARKE,
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.

The Danville Bank Robbery.—The
He would be throwing away suit instituted by Mr. Win. Wark, of

S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,

n
O



NOTARY PUHLI % NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVING* CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.

* ? •
W -

«',
X

BRYSON, - - QUE.
T HE
PORTAGE DU FORT
Cattle Astray.
u rday of e wry wee k.

WILLIAM ELLIOTT
B
Roller Mill
GENERAL.
Slmwvill
JAS. HOPE & Co.
ANUFACTURING STATIONERS .BOOK8EL 1er», Bookbinders Printer*, etc. Depository f sue Ottawa Auxiliary BiMeSociety,Ottawa,Out.
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL XX'RIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
For Sale!
M
tog their end than by promoting a risky «¦ reading match between the Nova Scotia ! Vurc hr!,'* r^.ire Hull has taken 1st and the Quebec gladiators. It is to turn P™*	^xh.l,.t.on past two
them both out.	Iyea''-
Ottawa Citizen.
Negro Burnt at the Stake.
AS. ARMSTRONG,
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County I Wetumpka, Ala., Oct. 2.—Winbeld Pontiac. Sale*conducted In a business-like Townsend, alias Floyd, a negro, was
5 ?a n,p *k* tut Ulie n°and* dï s poeedoi fby* P u b if c J»™* thi'	•* stake, in the
or private sale on reasonable terms. Pub- int o town or Lclectic, lo miles from 11c sales conducted at Shawvllle once a here. The crime which he was charged
ha°ndtorîall‘r&”: éhawvl'll.*^* °“ "ith »»»»'> attempted assault upon Mrs. I Paris, Oct. 6.-The International
: Lonnie Harrington, whose husband set Peace congress epitomized its work in fire to the brand* which reduced Town- an appeal to the nations adopted this . j send s body to ashes.	| afternoon in which it says the congress
condemned the refusal of the British government to agree to arbitration or mediation in South Africa and expresses keen regret that the majority of the gov-Winnipeg, Man., Oct. 2 —Lord Wol-1 ernments who might have offered med-seley, late Commander-in-chief of the »»tion abstained from so doing in spite of British army, expects to pay a visit to | their pacific declaration at The Hague. Canada next year. He was invited to a	¦¦¦
gathering of Red River veterans in this city this fall, and in declining stated that he proposed crossing the Atlantic in 1901, to visit the places connected with hie mil " j itary career in Canada. He says he looks forward with extreme pleasure to his trip. Winnipeg and other points in the west will give him a great reception.
Green Lake.
A Slap at Britain.
First Quality Flour.
The force of Habit.
Farm for Sale
THAT PARU CONGRESS ON THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR QUESTION.
The West Elgin Liberals from force of
habit cannot .ee a ballot box without, BcingLot I t on the 10th range of Clar-stuffing itAt their own convention on cnfjon containing 100 acres, more or less. Tuesday 152 delegates were present, but About 27 acres cleared and a small house the box being opened it was found to erected thereon. For full particulars ap-contain 162 ballots. Then there was a P1)'t0 ^ïaïS^HARDSON,
row and an adjournment. If the Grit.	1 '‘"gshawvilleP. O.
do this amongst	what may
expect at the coming elections from them 1 —Parry Sound Canadian,
t& Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
on
HOTELS.
JOSEPH BROWN,
St. Lawrence Hall,
Proprietor.
Lord Wolseloy to visit Canada.
•9


Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress*
FOR SALE:
PATENTS
It Looks like Murder.
A quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
THE BODIES OF two MISSING MEN FOUND
AFTER MANY WEEKS.
The Absent-Minded Beggar.
PROMPTLY SECURED
?
The following pretty fully expresses
I Write for our interesting books M Inventor's Help” and " How you are swindled.” i Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you, free our opinion as to whether it is probably, patentable. Rejected applications have often, been successfully prosecuted y.y us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington ; ttusqualifies us to prompt-, ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.	,
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in j over too newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion.	j
Specialty Patent business of Manufac-j turers ana Engineers.	|
MARION & MARION
Relent Experts end Solicite re. i
New York Life B ld g, nontrial ( Atlantic Bldg,Washington D.C.C
¦	¦IB	Winnipeg, Man., Oct. 7.—At Boisse-
the feeling of any newspaper manager in Vain today the bodies of Jacob Smith and the province. There are a number of Charles Daw, two farmers, who have been those absent-minded individuals—and missing since July 31st, were discovered they are not all farmers either—whom jn an old well on Daw's farm, where they the Era would like to have a visit from, had been covered over with earth, stones It's unfortunate true	nearly and brush.
Ottawa Coun^Ub.r.1.	Æ'U.Ï.Î'S* -’i*
lot is empty and another weary years rjved from New Mexico, and bought both
in'oftswa'counly^ Quebec! 'a roll'd * "jf°£‘w "	K	D^tnd'wZ
that Mr. C. B. Major, their represents don t let the amount grow .	$«00 to Smith.
‘7 ’gsss Sfl SSSBaSSL. w. ..r Straws x-ts
which has just been formed. Mr H A Will you kindly cast your optic on your printers gone to the Brandon fair. Not returning
‘tsS&sgaSr	ÜCSA1SS ~ 7*
2£S5SsMrsBi..	sumûjTiMt, 'în« h.’UK.mm
presented in the Quebec Cabinet for Out you always leave this bill u bin.i you. were working on the case, many years. The north and west parts Cook's eon, fanner's son. son of the well-to-do, of Quebec had not been given . .ho, in	SMS
the < ahmet, while from the souths east Everyone could he settled at once
ESTABLISHED 1886
The Shawvllle
SASH and DOOR

WANTED I
J
7 i
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will be supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
—ALL KINDS OF
Itferior & Eiterior
FINISH FOR
Beases&Ver&nd&hi
Manufactured.
Offices i
XXkRg, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac ,
Kept in stock and made to order.
LtfcBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRICES.
Windsor, Ont., has nearly one hundred cases of typhoid fever.
The contracts for the construction over the new bridge over the Ottawa at Dee Joachims has been awarded to Mersrs. Keating & Wilson of Ottawa.
<;
Apply to
McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Four hundred and ten men and eight-teen officers of the First Canadian contingent are expected to arrive home from South Africa about October 24.
0. K. GRIGKJ,
RENFREW, Ont.
famished.
m make

\
i


aJ
____________._________
____L
	

###PAGE###6###












AMBLING OF FIRE ARMS
Mo «impie a* to be hardly worth pression, but in practice they are entirely disregarded by a great many men who ought to know better need only read the reports of accidents wir'ch are certain to be published in the newspaper» every day from to the end <>• the hunting season to l>e convinced off this. When the whirr of a partridge Is heard almost under one’s feet, or when a dear breaks cover a few yards away, even the man "ho is ordinarily cool-headed and careful may forget himself and blase away regardless of what may be in range of his fire "here mo <»i deer are hunted ham a half dozen stories of men who
THEY FEAST TURTLES.
ex-
it’» never too late to learn the good polats of
i
I
IUDELIA
To or Mil Our Mould Mr*** Droll* le
Ihr Aiuiliy Our.
SEASON OF SHOOTING ACCIDENTS
NOW AT HAND.
One

At a place called KM run, on the French Ivory Coast, the native* believe that to eat or destroy a turtle would mean death to the guilty one or sickness among the family i fetish men, of which there are plenty,
I declare that years a go, a man went * to sen fishing. In the night his canoe was tlVmwn up on the I leach empty. Three days afterward a turtle came upbore at the same place, with the r man on its hack alive and well. Since f that time they have never eaten or f destroyed one of that epeeies, although they enjoy other species.
If one happens now to bo washed ashore there is a great commotion in t he town. First, the women sit down
4 lew
tn otl Itesuti*- tirvut Cure should hr i-ihrii in vllinhlim Freer* ami Mu 1er» In* or tenvlug Boat*.
A'ith the game season, the newspapers regularly begin the chronicle of accidents from firearms. These accidents are as recurrent and as frequently fatal as the drowning catastrophes of the aw'mining and boating season.
Miggruiloii» to Follow tSHti
now
O JB
Mau y people have already learned what a good Ira really I# Yeu may do no, alio If you give It a fair trial. In Lead Park et#, a* jo, 40, 50. 6*
The
Is Rheumatism of the face.
Uric Acid left In the blood by disordered kidneys lodges along the nerve which branches from the eye over the forehead, and across the cheek to the side of the noie cause is the same as in all Rheumatism— disordered Kidneys. The cure is likewise the same—
lit Shines..
Good Paint Shines- It gives the House a newness of appearance which is pleasing.........
;
uV/'1/'"','#
Kvery region
the

MMSAY’S
1 PAINTS |
It is likely lh.it in the course of o 5«‘ur as many men are killed by the accidental discharge ot firearms as hot in the entire Cuban ra ini''1 of the Spanish-American war.
>
were
killed by mistake for game, and every man who has had much experience in still hunting knows how easy it is to
mistake a human U»ing for a deer in 1,1 imProv«nipnta have removed the distance ami in the uncertain B great many of the dangers which light of the forest
itcd with theuso
î
IBS
s
\
%VV 1

Dodd’s
Kidney
M
not only shine but wear. £
You will like the way they go on, and the way they stay on. They are reasonable in price. Ask your dealer.
ami start singing and heating sticks; next a small piece of white cloth, color must U- white, is placed on the turtle’s back ; tWnl is then prepared J f and pi need on the cloth, generally ;	& S ^ I
plantains rice and palm oil ; I hen, j P \ 5 amid a lot more singing, dancing and J * " antics itf the fetish people, it is carried back into t ha sea tnd goes on its way rejoicing.
Curious it is that it is only one
of i he villages that strictly observes this custom or belief, and that village is supposed to be the one front which the man went fishing and was brought back by the turtle.

OS
undergrowth
I
foi
v \
l AS
r-l guns, so that while there may still
©CCI
Pills
accidents whim no ordinary foresight could prevent probably n.m-u-nt hs of all shooting fatalities lb it happen are due primarily to Baffle** ness.
IIKRK AND THKRK.
All is not Ixvr that is bitter.
Overtalk tires more people overw oik.
vv
l. RI.MSAY 8 SOI. Pil Ito
t ha il
MONTREAL
K»t*d ifyj
USEFUL WHALE OIL.
Hôpital bullet ins contain the news
Hu* testimony of guides, and in fact of nearly every man who has ha t a | of t he weak long experience in dealing with am leu: hunters, is that ninety
ll l.uli i-1 rules mid 11 himlunlrs-ti/sls *10
a (.will'll
NN hale oil, * «aid a dealer in oil», "is to some extent, used as a lubri-
WIIY DIDN'T HBf
A NEW GAME
A vain woman is like a street piano ut of I—she is full of airs.
i
Small Willie was out walking with Tether hall is in high vogue. It
hi < mother one afternoon, when she affords amusement and outdoor x-
slopped to give a niokjl bo a beggar, ercise. It is played by means of a
"Why don't he go home, inammaH | pole nine feet long, to which a rope
and tenais ball are attached. Two
Uni lKior man h is no ho ne," she | play the game ; one hitting the ball
with a tennis racket in one direct mn, while the other hits it in an opposite direction, whoever succeed* in winding the rope entirely around the top of the pole has won the game.
hundred accidents are due eiili
«iVCl
Every min who isn’t prominent imagines lie will be some day.
V spinster can't learn to play the | violin unless she has a beau.
eating oil, but not to a very large extent ;
g no ranee or to cat elvssness. It is a our it ms fact t bat men who
uni painstaking in the ordinary occupations of life become dangerously lax when they go out into ihv- woods or along duck streams for a few day a of shouting.
Guus are left standing loaded in exposed place*, are drawn muzzle foremost through brush fences, are load-lvUxssly into wagons, or are
thrown, regardless ut quick-acting HE HAD BEEN WEAK AND AILING
locks, into the bottoms of boat*. Con-	FROM INFANCY-	an' smal* » * he line sewing mac hint
sulering the extent to which even	___ oil “ ,iW.v to bet spmn oil
tho.se of considerable experience are A- lie fcrew ot<i< r iiu Trouble Seemed to ,lse<1 b>r#illuminating purposes in saf-| The New Tea, Ceylon mi l India | mouth guilty of these indiscret ions it is sur-	I nr ren*e mul lli% V r,nu Thought Hlm , ’uJitps in mine*, and it is used Green Tea, la rapidly -'rowing in fav- j
s -	— r^*F —,	" '
of a season, rather th in tint there 1 ,	to explode, sperm standing a hightxr | finest
«rc so many.	l'rom the Post, Thorold, Ont.	degree of heat than mineral oils. It
BI
when used for lubricating purposm it is more often compound-i 0(i with mineral oils, which are cheap-T ilk is rather cheap, but some peo- er. Wbale oil is used for tem|M*ring pie have a mania for trying to mono- steel ; it is si ill used in a limited way
b\ some people as an illumina ting oil. .Whale oil is used for making whale oil soap, used for killing trees.
ire
ask. 1 Willie
can
MUSHROOM CHOP
jrvplied. " I hen
i he annual crop of mushrooms in France is valued at $2,000,0110, and
continued the little fellow, why don't ho go to a hotel ?"
t
|*>l i
there are 00 \\ hk>U sale firms in I'ai is dealing exclusive!> in them
1 n i lie
TO Cl KK A ( 01,11 IS OiE 041
Tttkf Laxatl.e Hromo (famine Tablais. All druggist, rvfuuil the imroey If I lai.a io cure. E W, liiove e signature is on curb bus. *jo.
W I* € 1044
SAVED THEIR BOY.
worms on
Department, of the Seine, it apjx there are some 3,000 cave* in which Siierm („j| Vs a fine lubricating 1 mushrooms aie grown, and about 3tl0 o:|, used on fine machinery
i rs
CALVERT’S
ed

large persons are employed in
X New Yotrk florist says that the
their cul-
Carbellc Disinfectant», Soaps, Ol nt
hly „f Ihfl valley U poiaonou.. and it. I	:%lom«
stem should tiot be placed in the 1 excellence. Their regular use prevent Infection» diseases. Ask your dealer lo obtain a supply. Lists mailed free os application.
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
MANOHESTBIt • . ENGLAND.

I u re
It is
in ware
or with .lapin tea drinkers, l>ecause
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS

MRS WINSLOWS SOOTHING STROP pa.d by mothers for Ihoir children teething. It foe be the child softens the gums, ailay» pem. eu res wind soils, and Is the best remedy fur diairbcaa. 16o a bottle Bold by all druggists throughout the world, lie war. sad as* foe “ Mrs. Wius.ow's Soothing Hyrug."
though it its similar in taste to t he
FEATHER DYEING
Japan tea
it is infinitely more delicious and far more health-
Cleaning and Curling and Kid Uiore* cleaned. Th«ee can he sent by post, lc per os. the best place is
Mr. James D.tbauli and wife are 18 U8f,<1 as a signal oil on shipboard, | ful * I two of the b.\st known residents of 1 vr kunps and lanterns, and for side-t.he town of Ihorol 1. where 1 bey have ^>r^1 s» an<* fl<> on; and on steamers
In ill, I fam .v ,"i lubricating oil. For all thm
It is being introduced by ' Tea Company in their
With the upto-date ha turner lets* gun, •quipped with the safety lock, there
m use.
The "Salaria well known set le I Lead Packets and
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING 00.
KELPS HIM BUSY.
The Herman Emperor has been known to change his costume 12 time* in 18 hours. Ilia wardrobe contains more than 1,(X>0 suits.
le not much danger to the hunter in
Ordinary handling. But even such wea. I ****** ******* >r 1 l s
t he cautious or «periencwl 1 ,hey havea Uttle ¦on-wh»> al- Purposes mineral oil* and lubricating
huntsman will not leave standing or I ,lhough bul	h,s . """TT	TT-,M* SU,’|,,ant*
lXMienced much affliction, and his ei1 11 because of their greater cheap-
ne^sfl, but sperm o(il is nevertheless in
There are some
Catholic Prayer
Ieohs, louriM,
iihey say it Ls poing to displace Japan lea just as "Saluda" black tea has displaced all oi lier hi irk teas.
•If I KM, SoepuHrs, Uhurct OruMMRlfr
Rfl gioue Tieturw, Statuary, aaJ EduoaUoaal Works. Mall urden reudra prompt atiam,
Worn.	•. A J IABUEI • CC., Montreal.
poll
lying aWut his camp unless the charges have been drawn. The majority of amateur hunters, however
Brass Band
xpended many u dollar m
parents
! t he search for his renewed health— demand fotr them
WALKING FOB A WAGER
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY.
The “ Balmoral," Free Bus
avenue house—
Mme. Alma Kel Iseth, widow of a journalist, has, for a wager, just t rave le t from Christiania to Paris on foot, and started without fool or money
' other
are
not provided with such weapons and in using the old fashioned shotgun or rifle the only safe rule is to exer- I oise i he greatest possible caution.
In the jihr.suit of the game birds, Rvhich afford tlie greatest amount of
Am. Plan
$1.60* «p
uses for whale oil and for iqierm which are 'ini sold to larger and V Post reporter hearing of the s,ualler users by the barrel or the can
or gallon. Whale oil brings
m l received full particulars j * here about 5(1 cents a gallon and
.si^cju oil Gi cents or then abouts, and
ill in vain, however, until Dr. Wil
I lia ms' Pink Pills were brought i
Inetrumeet». Druai, llilbrai, Bte.
Every Town can have a Ban!
Lowest prices ever quoted flee eetelone
tret toe i resiled free. Write es fer emythfe* le
Muslo or Musical Inetrumsnte.
Whaley Boyce A Ce.,
use
eit her
On the way she crossed Sweden, Denmark, Germany
cure called at Mr. Dabauld’s cosy
«OU1V-
NOT DANGEROUS.
Mo-d spiders are possessed of poison-fangs, but very few are dangerous to human beings

from Mrs. DalxiulJ
said Mrs. Dab.auld, "to have lbn* pub- *he desirable qualities, for lie made aware of the facts of myt ihe.se u:gs, once so commonly used, boy's case if it is likely to help some Ul;ike a market for the comparatively
Chirleyis now ten entail, and diminishing quantities, of In infancy he was a l>1 'hem tiow I brought to sale,
1 am pleased
and part of France hours a day, an I at night would call at a farm and offer to work, for her Isiand and lodging
had earned a little money she started country than all other diseases rut together, again, did washing and acted as g„v- “d »»'U ih«l*«tlawy^nw«mppoMdlob«

She walked 12
some uses
•P°rt to hunters, frequent climbing of fences is necessary • r<‘ of all kinds and patterns, from the primitive brush or rail st ructy re to Uie trimly built dividing line of t)oards or wire. One of the most frefluent causes of accident s is i h loss holding or handling of Retting over or t hrough one of these Many cases have been recorded where unthinking men have climbed a fence and then pulled i he through lifter them. In such there is always danger of the h or trigger catching on some protruding twig or point, with the result that the hunter himself otr anybody who fcapi»eiis to be in the vicinity is likely to receive the full effect of the Run's discharge.
These fences
•ausege Casing® - New InportstUma floe» Bat
IM
Directly she
Sherp sud Amrricun H î -ht price*. f’AKK,
other sufferer
There 1* more Catarrh in tuts section of thi
years of age
delicate child, but from four to seven i ( bough their prices are higher than lie scarcely pissed a well day
even
Incurable. For a groat many years doctors pr*. ¦	m » m m
¦ouiced It a loc*I disease, and prescribed local B	1 11 M
remedies, and by oohstnotly f illing to curs with	AJa If n#
local ti eat ment, pronounced It Incurable. (M- Reef % « w enre has proven catarrh to be a constitutional ¦...	¦
ZlmtS POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES,
by K. J. Cheney & Cy.f Toledo, Ohio, In the only : sud other PRODUCE, to • usure best results coanigo U c mlitotional cor# on the market. It Is takes ; The OâWlon Gommifslen U0., Limited
xxiï“irzszz i	**•—
surfaces of the system. They offer one bund, red do lars for any case It fills to sure. Bend far circulars and testimonials.
Addrexs, F. J. CHENEY* 00» Toledo. 0 Sold by Druggist*, 7&u Rail's Family Pills are tbs bosh.
MILLS, MILLS â MALES,
Barrioterf, etc.
Removed to Wesley Buildings, Richmond Si W., Torwnta
erness
Vt ! thtAso of the oils that have
so com-
. i
car»’
four years of age he began to com- j wonly supplanted them
frequent headaches, which j later became almost continuous, and part of the head of the whale that
Hay Fever Victims.
guns in piaiu of
1 here is an oil produced from some
Here’s a pointer for you. It is not hiy that excites your mi lady—but a virulent microbe. Kill the microbe, the fever ceases an l health returns. Stomach medicines will not kill ii nidi her
tfei
soon symptoms of general debility is much luotre costly than either
Ilis appetite was poor whale oil or sperm oil
developed
It sells in
' guna And be grew pile and emaciated,! and , fact for as much as $10 a gallon. This tses, ! the least
i
will ointments
these foreign subst
washes or
I
f

exertion caused a severe t* watch oil, ami it may be bought powders
I
tnces
pdpitation and fluttering of the i>f dealers in watch supplies. It is (:annr)l go where the microbe builds heart, and dizziness. At times there ' used for oiling watches and also for o	^Airhozone will go lot
was considerable derangement of his ' oiling the arbors, or journals, of the and wherever* air goe^ Ca.arrlmznne stomach; a blueness of the lips andt a wheels of tower clocks. It is not only cannot help but go; th it m.uns/ that shortness of breath. He	would often	,	a fine lubricant, but	it withstands	^ gt,es lo 1 IUust »uinute
lie awake at ai«ht a ad	rise in .he	j	cold remarkably well, not freezing ex-	j z*ne “give^relief ineUntly,	It cures
Alin..	,,	, .	.	.	.	mul ninp haggard and	unrefreshed.	c«pt at an extremely	low tempera-	absolutely in twenty-four	hours—
f	1	1	° ,e '1V01<,eci m	During hi-s illness he was treatsl by	lure, for which reason	it is very de-	>ul>r money b.iok if you do	not find
feme climbing is that of holding the two doctors. Doth differed in the slrable for such use in cold and ex- lhls ?*Ul Druggists sell Oatarrho-
fun down on a	with the knees, diagnosis of his case. One said it ixwed situations."	I 'cunLhï A7 iVnU . il l° >0u ln
In t h;s caae, if t he man slips and pitch- j was catarrh of the stomach, and	—	+	duty paid, for #l/ N. C.%lson*& c^
bs forward the gun is likely to be fired while his treatment was persisted in	| Mfg. Chemist s, Kingston, Ont	'
inio his body. I he only correct way , there was no improvement. The sec- Pr.AT IS A POPULAR FUEL.
of holding the ordinary gun in climb- ond also attended him for 'ing a fence is with
mimer
)

ijdijltl
ELECTwCAL FARMING.	5 ÎJLg
A syndicate has been formed at Och- n«, senfurl, Bavaria, to apply electricity
A central station will PmI»Ml!wtdT.ViLjBU» furnish the current at a pressure of
5,000 volts to small stations on each
cut-


air pass-L atari ho-
It.
m agriculture
THE NIMMO and HARRISON
BUSINESS and SHORTHAND
I. 0. 0. F Building, Toronto.
farm for working thrashers, ters and so on.
COLLEGE
(Copy of a Dtter which appeared if the Ceylon Observer.)
WHAT ECONOMY IN COAL MEANS.
ju:«:zz",	1 »,,	&
and all should, she would be conscience	ver."
stricken and declare herself a miser- ,	Sir’~I il:m‘ carefully examined
—	¦— " .......... * I	VXZJ&
Kitchen fires strong ion Green Tea >xju sent me last night
enough to run an engine broil the a“îJ *iiui lt is UB stated.
lht* tea li< < xcqptional le af fra-
some; tuna home time
Give# • most thorough coarts of Individual Inal motion in all iuelneoe and Olvlf Servies Subsets, Sheri hand. Typewriting, Kto.
Expert experienced teacher*, equipment and advantages unsurpaened, open entire year
llir Knplltli IVopIr Hu.I ll C'lirnprr* Hen I : liter ami l imner.
Peat beats coal. In open fireplaces where a steady heat and not a crackling blase is wanted the old-fashionod bog blocks have merits not to be found in the lx*sr WalLsends. They are cheaper, healthier and give less trou-
1 he weapon with no better results
•cross the shoulder, stock foremost after my attention was attracted by and h iminer t uimd <l<>u n. In t ii!H * case there is ve/ry little likelihood of aiul
my aunt tu Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills
a Dmt September, 1897, I pro-any damage being done, even though cured the pills and he began taking the gun be accidentally discharged
BABIES LIKE IT.
rx	Doctor Hammend-
Hall’s English Teeth-_ 1	Ing Syrup, Comforts
* ?	Crying Children, wtth-
/	eut studying eplate a,
XX	narootlos, alcohol,
pernicious sugar X /	syrup, or any hurtful
]	drugs. A sterling
English remedy, an SSvjl \ o proved hy English Doe ifitere. Price 26 ote., a "druggists.	2
BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY, TORONTO, CA
Ask for English TsetMng Syrup, anâ Take No Substitute. (16 «X,
them
We had long before come to In petting out of or into a boat the conclusion he would be an invalid or wagon the gun should
wastes fuel
I»** for life, but believing it a duty I
„ 'f::: 2!5;pll	iiflSP
of |>eat may materially lessen the * 11 * 1 *act 1	1 her moral and in- of the Americau and Va
tellectual acte t lie fut are <>f unborn Ls certain and rr ,	.	. ,	.	.	generations is conditioned. She knows
Unfortunately, the bog owners and she ha* it in her power-the power of
11 peat merchants have missed a great every individual—to increase or dim* opportunity. There are enormous de-|	Die moral force of humanity,
posits available, especially in ihe !g* * that*	" hih* remembering,
north and in Ireland, depu.it. Ihat L^	ke,u!r T/rTl"T^t\^
only want digging and drying to force f The greatest single factor of	’ a ( ' us“ed eggshells are
make the finest fuel But they must industrial force is coal. The housewife g,NJ<l for cleaning discolored br stain-
be d„g and dried in the early summer.	“T :î,metbin* ^	1 used ,0 ,hi"k 1
Autumn is already her*, and no She is conserving foi^ali'huina’ni’ty «	«mount of .hot
extra supplies have been prepared. | necessary utf life, on which, in the > ls< ^ cimng the inside of hot- |	COPpOffttiOII.
first instance, the bread and butter 1 ‘‘s °f course, chopped pieces of poof present and future generations de- tato ar« good, but eggshells are bet
ter."
never
ble
i
draw u o|ii by the barrel, as there is owed to always a chance of it
my child to procure ail catching on 1 means of relief, Iwif determined to •ome obstruction and being fired. Nor give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a fair I ghould a loaded gun be thrown down trial across the thwarts of a boat or into box the bottom of a wagon, for the same were used
i
4
i
<
your scuttle and merchant. The Durham and South
The good effects of the first was apparent E____I. which
1
and five boxes were taken jfi
Tea soil in hind ing a gun to a noth- about six months’ time, when he was dr poison it should be held well out strong and well, from the body, with the muzzle point
c
care-up io this
in- capture
inadiun marke;a
f
use
and could attend
coining winter's coal bills
assured.
Yours faithfully, Signe i. F. F. STREET
school, and play and frolic as other trig upward, .so that if discharged it. healtby boys do. As every symptom content, will go into the air, When- of his old trouble has vanished. ev<-' poMible the discharge should bp consider hi. cure complete Withdrawn from a gun before it
CLEANING BOTTLES
The pills
ia have certainly done him a w<o Id of carried abolit in either a boat or a good, as nearly three years have since wagon, and always on laying the wea- passed away and he has not seen a §x»n aside after a day's hunting it sick day in that length of time. 1 Should be unloaded
The Canada Permanent
and Western Canada
shall ever feel that we owe our boy’s !
, When n party of men are hunting health to Dr. Williams’ Fink Pills, 1 together in a wooded country special and believe that their prompt
should be taken to know the ! would relieve much suffering."’	, ,
wVrr .bouta of the «Iher member, of j Dr. WMiami* Pink Pill, are j„.t <('"rV'whic'tf‘v'wilI Z,n not. know The party before discharging a weapon as valuable in the case of children how to execute.
In any direction. In walking through as with adults, and puny little ones A considerable amount of peat is a forest trail the gun should be held would soon thrive and grow fat un- a^cady burned in London, especially
muh the mtiszle pointing up and the | der this treatment, which ha, no Ireland*'or “scothZ.^to^ work held Hom to the iiliou I der, wiiere equal for budding up the blood and th« fresh, earthy mine 11 of the burning •there is no likelihood of its catchnig giving renewed strength to brain, '	and take care to secure supplies,
on projecting twigs or branches. Fin- body and nerves. Ss!d by all dealers .fSom<1 doclora ar« fond uf ordering it
ally and mmt important of all i« the or sent pu.tpai.1 at 50c. a box or' « pXnfs T^rTqu/”. nÙ" rule which every exper ed hunter six boiXM for $2.50 Indorsee Never intentionally or un- the
in the
i
I
use
The few 'peat merchants are already
car<
PresMent,-
Ceorge Cooderham.
1st Vloe-Prealdest and Chairman of Eieeuilre CçtemHee-
Mesd Office ; Toronto A. TORINO
pend
1
J
J. Herbert Masen.
2nd Vice-President—
W. H. Boofty
BRANCH Orri
ft
aaLvUt, /yz%, A ArZ 13/ltfs
Winnipeg, I Vancouver, St Jol
Savings Dapartmen
roooiTtd. Iaterast p compounded half j aiÿ
iwu.d In sum* si periods to suit iet wlth Into rest cooponf ati payable half j far y.
Qeoerst Manager—
G
1
Walter 8. lee.
e.
i
DEPOSITS DEBENTURES
is an es-
by addressing eential. You can make up your peat Medicine Oo., fir<1 *«ily in the morning or last thing
at night by arranging half a do.cn blocks, and then go away, knowing that it will keep turning for eight w ten hours to com.

Dr. . Wiflbos
intentionally, |>oint the muzzle of a Brockville, Ont gun at any person.
In the reading these directions seem


Do not be persuaded to try something else said to be ,iust as good.
1


ASSETS . $23,000,
I
I
!
t
t

t
A
/
\
- V '
%
_

v
###PAGE###7###





«

f
ns Appendages 1 centra! part of the Inland. They lay QUEER WAYS OF WOO 1 NO SLt
til mints of these urn
Wtil doubt the bun inly and wisdom lia a \> d of rock about 40 fiwi below oS tnmovmg the «a me at iui early a I the I op of the bunk, and the pebbly stage to the animal's existence as pos- gravel surrounding them had turned
a clotlh In very hot water and apply I f* to the outside of the oap; thle will cause It to ex [Mind.
r
MINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
HOUSEHOLD.
Is ¦*•!« the
rail
ml
li
K<‘mIihm of IJroHiy Hvrplmi»
Empty spools are useful to hang towel* and clothing on. Drive nails through them so that the head will sink in (he end of the spool. No danger of runt iu using them.
In canning, do not use tin cans the
second year in succession unless I tr«« and finally cause it» death. Un-positively necessary, In that event, til recently we have never seen this however, see that the inside of sack questioned, an enthusiastic fruit tin and the covers are carefully grower of reliance, writes as follows; scoured wit h brickdust ; then wash-1 Some 12 or 14 years since rabbits
ed in •oap*ttdst rinsed and dried.
The glasses Into which hot jelly is
«ible. Among other unquestioned ad-I to solid rock since they were origi-vantagefl of dehorning are the great I nally deposited there. It was a left euiving of space at feeding "bunk,” I thigh bone, the tooth resembled that hayrack, shod, water tank, and where- I *>f u monkey in some respects, and the ever the cattle congregate; less capacity of the skull seemed to have danger of injury in shipping and the I been about t wo thirds that of a man further fact that, all other things I of to-day. The shape of the thigh bone equal, horns detract, as a rule, about | showed that the, creature must have
walked erect, Dr. Dubois has describ'd it as "a new prehistoric form not human, but in size, brain power and erect posture much nearer to mon than any animal hitherto discovered, living or extinct."
"The discovery of a reasonably
satisfactory skeleton of Pithecanthropus would shed a flood of light upon a most interesting problem— namely, the order in which certain attributes which we recognize as human were acquired by the early progenitor of mankind," said Prof. W. J. McGee "Among these attributes are to be mentioned the erect posture, the shortening of the jaw, and the lessening of the length of the fore limbs. It would be most
"Sleep, O gentle sleep, fcWw have I frighted thee?" asks the distracted ki ng in Shakespoiii e*s play of "Henry IV," and it is a question which thousands of weary mortals both before and after sovereign's time have been in the habit of framing, though no answer has been forthcoming several‘.ingenious persons have, however solved the problem oX inducing sleep the following peculiar methods of counteracting insomnia will, clearly demonstrate;—
His Imperial Majesty the Shah of Persia was a martyr to insomnia for a long time until, in a happy moment of inspiration, one of the court phy-
PAINT ON TREES
FRUIT AT BREAKFAST
It has been taught that an application of oil paint to the bark on the trunk of a fruiit tree will injure the
Tho business of breakfast is n must important one, for It stores the bubo tlory with power for the day's
man
W(H k. A good »>n*«kfast gives a man staying qualities and equips him for almost any emergency likely to occur. "What are the essentials of a probreak faetf The first, the most
1 hat
10 cents js-.r 100 pournia
PLOW EARLY
per
important, Hem Is a preliminary il of fruit, oranges, grapes, ap-cantuloupe, berries, seasonable
gn.iwcxl apple tree* in my nursery badly. To induce rapid and
This is especially important <1 tiring
painted with I a dry season. It in necessary that lead and oil paint all the the ground become compacted before
The result Was the seed a put in. If eairly plowing ia
rows
to l>e poured should have been on u | 8mlI1<i heating, 1 had boaixl on the heater of the range
Die
pie*
fruit in which jui |»re loniinaies
I rilit juices, taken early
common
for an hour or more so they will lie trees where injured
When filling j>1 ice a lpO0H-1 to my perfect satisfaction ful of jelly in each of 1 of 12 tumblers) wounds wore not only painted over, | suha by dragging and harrowing un-then	a tablespoonful m each,	and	t>ut to prevent further rabbit dtpr<da«
then	fill each one third and thus	not	|	tiuus the bodies of trees were paint- j	mo.sture is then retained much better
ed from the ground two feet up. Two than when ground is loose, the foots To	remove mildew a solution	of	I	yt.ars afterward my son called atten-	of the plant bee orne well established
the chloride of lime, such as may be	i;tm to the superiority of the trees j	and are not so easily affected by hot
used for bleaching, is perhaps *he | minted oveir th(v*e standing side by | dry weal ber Lu autumn or freezing
Weathel in >i- ,ng.
over filler
The impossible, accomplish the same re-
wa rin
empty stomach, are convert-
on au
ed into alkalies, keep the blood normally alkaline, preventing saturation of t he system wit h uric acid and warding off the storms of suffering which such a condition provokes.
Fruit Juices act as correctives to the digestive organs, whetting the appetite, increasing the secretion of the '(astrio Juice and stimulating peristalsis
morning, digestion is satisfactory, the bowls are natural and regular, tihe bead is clear and an agreeable feeling of general well being is ex-
til the seed Usd is we 1 fined. 'Hie soil
eiciuns hit upon the extraurdmary notion of patting the autocrat on the a i in s and back until .sleep weigh, d down hie eyelids. So admirable was this specific found to be that it was immediately adopted hy the Shah, and it is stated that the suite which accompanied him to Europe contain* ju_ ed, among other functionaries, two
whose sole occupation
one tumbler will be broken
bent remedy. A tablespoonful should	painted. They were more
be dissolved in a gallon of cold wa- vigorous and showed a better growth, ter by etirring with a wooden stick, yinco ^cn l liave painted all my Soak the injured garment in this yvuDg orchard trees., for two purpos-pre pa ration, moving it about oc-	v prevent rabbit injury, and to
oaslonally until the stains are no giiTnuLule the tree. Rabbits will not longer visible, then rinse very thnr- ^ch u pointed tree, and 1 am con-ouglily, changing the water several	that treed are stimulated in
times.
TO INCREASE THE SOLIDS.
A common cow of no particular breed and given average treatment will yield milk containing about 12 per cent of solids. This may be increased by proper feeding to 14 per cent, while at the same time the quantity may also be increased. But to insure the best results the feeding of reasonably rich feeds must be long continued and supplemented by good care in every way.
Where fruit Is eaten every
"patters,
took the form of helping to send their master into the realms of the drowsy
te resting to know at what stage in his development the ancestral monkey-man dropped his tail."
FIND OF GREAT VALUE.
Hr of. Otis T. Mason, the dial in-
Morpheus.
At the Paris Exhibition there was shown the model of u cave once oc-
perienced.
Too much emphasis cannot be laid n this matter of a preliminary breakfast. If accustomed to eating a email breakfast, you should lighten the noon lunch and 6 o'clock dinner. You will sleep better and rise with appetite. If the fruit does not appear to agree with you at first, try a small beginning orange, drink the juice and reject the fiber. Persist, and the stomach will adapt itself. Gradually add a bunch of grapes and an apple be surprised at the farreaching benefit derived from so simple a practice.
After the fruit, the usual breakfast of a chop and rolls, omelet, potatoes, coffee or what not is in order.
Do not under-
growi h and h i t h stand that 1 paint the tree body with a heavy ©oat of paint as 1 would
a slight coating,
guished aDt hi opoh . si. said "We would have a giHxl many things cupied by a famous bieek brig md,
who was in the haibiit of being s. nt to sleep by the dropping of pieces of
up
U
INJURIOUS.
to learn from a complete, or nearly
Among the many old ideas that woodwork only have been proved erroneous is the | enough barely to covoi the	k.
Idea that housework furnishes the For many yeara when pruning treea, worker with healthful exercise. The trust Lawn or street 1 have pain tod
exercise is there without doubt, but | heavily and thoroughly over the
wounds of all limbs, large or small,
- mplete skelet on <>f i he pit bee in thropus. in the first place, we would &üI(l from the roof of the cmvh on a
carpet beneath. The gold thus drop-pfd represented sum) of the f>ooty
l>e able to know whether it was real
ROTTEN APPLES.
When picking over apples in the cellar have a barrel prepared with a few holes in the bottom, standing upon an inclined platform, and into this throw the rotten apples; mash them up, add a little water and a pressure. The cider extracted will make vinegar.
HINT TO DEE KEEPERS.
It is a good plan to give passage to the bees from one comb to another so that they may not starve in long spells of very severe weather three little strips of wood side by side across the tops of the frames when packing up for the winter. The strips must be large enough to allow the bees to pass easily, and beveled at the ends, so that the quilt may lie close on the frames at the outsides all round where the protections of brace combs are left on the top of frames. These, of course, allow passage way over the tops of frames.
ly and in a proper sense human might be simply an exulted ape— that lie had acquired from passing
travellers, and so dear had the sound
superior in physical structure to the gorilla or chimpanzee, but still an upe. Perhaps we might come
to the conclusion that it was a de- scxjthe his eyelids to sleep. Of all
negrito—the qu*er methods of inducing drowsi-
the foregoing would certainly
the healthful part is plainly lacking Sweeping, the one detail of the work with ordinary cheap lead and oil
that is supposed to be beneficial, is | paint. 1 have found nothing t<> pit>
A long, steady stroke, or a I duce such rapid and satisfactory short, quick stroke, with the broom healing whore out. I can show wheie handle leaning forward and the broom oak Limbs four inches in diameter, the right side may help to develop thus treated, have healed over entire-muscle, yet all the time there is the | ly in eight years microbe laden dust to take into ac-
Taka only an
of coin become to him that nothing but its clunk upon the ground would
not so
graded specimen of
dwarf race familiar to us in in»- I'Ini- 11668
ippines and other places in that part. Me*'m ^ lhe	•
A gentleman who resided f »r many
in the town of Worcester was
You will
on
of the world. Mayor and other
to paint tree shellac dissolved in
I formerly used
authorities advocate the theory that years i
tile negrito is a degraded papuun- nnible to drop off to slnep unless
Nearly every detail of house- wounds work requires the arms so used that alcohol, the chest is unavoidably cramped. A doe* not serve the purpose desired. It quick resume of the various duties ©racks and falls off, leaving wounds which the maid-of-all-work is called bare. Do not fear to use oil paint upon to perform will prove that fact | &n trees, as wall as the fact that housework
g um gggggggggg
That is too expensive, and
count
half a dozen peaches were placed ufias ho averred that the
and it is open for us to imaging that the monkey man of Java might have der him pi.low been not an improved ape, but a freak perfume of the fruit brought v\ ith it
a certain degree of drowsiness. Somewhat similar to the device of
Lay
FILLETS OF BEEF
human being, reverting in the ancestral direction, as all animals do sometimes. In other w Is, it may
have been no ancestor of ours, but ®iaIi merchant wh .se only remedy f r merely a monster, monkey-like in its sleeplessness was the insertion bene *t hi
The finding of the his pillow of a sachet of lavender.
the smell of which, he declared, would
Cut about a pound of fillet of beef Into neat square pieces of medium thickness, brush them over with oiled
this worthy was the plan of a pari-
compels constant .Lading. Wash- I	COMBUSTION OF HAY.
Dig, ironing, washing dishes, making It in pretty well established that
beds, dusting, cleaning, in all o( clover or other hay placed in stable
these duties the tendency is to cramp mow. when green may heat no violent-
the chest. In cooking, the story is ly as to finally become ignited. Ap-
the same, while in cooking the great patently authentic cases have been
heat of the kitchen is another item reported, and while positive proof is
with wh.oh the worker must deal. | lacking, circumstances seem
dicate that destructive flrca frequent-
butter, sprinkle them with black pep-
per and a little cayenne and grill them over a clear fire
characteristics remains in a certain geological horizon is an indication of age, but experience has shown that mistakes are often made in such matters.
Boil some rice in some weak stock until it is quite tender and the liquid has been absorbed
pepper, add a piece of butter to it and mold it on a hot dish into
send hi in bo sleep in less than five
minutes.
In some Oriental climes the natives who find themselves unable to sleep
Season it with salt and
to m-
“Such questions as these would he quickly settled by the discovery of a by natural means prevailed upon their
really good fossil specimen of pi the- friends to administer to them \eiy
canthropus. Once discovered and de- J sound floggings with bamboo cane#.
clared to be beyond question a type The pain thus sustained is supposed
intermediate between monkey and Ly the natives in question to indues
followed
a
smooth border and dish up the fillets on it
ly originate from spontaneous combustion. Several year# ago The new stamp* issued in Japan in I tüt>k fire, and it was found that the commemoration of the wedding of the flames was confined to a hay mow 18 crown prince are now reaching this foy 03 fy^t and 23 feet lngh
The principal decoration o#| thought best to remove the portions
The mass was
PROGENITOR OF MANKIND
JAPANESE WEDDING STAMPS
a barn
Make half a pint of thick brown sauce, flavor it with a little
1
SCIENTISTS AGITATED OVER THE DISCOVERY OF A FEW BONES.
tomato catchup, and add 11 squeeze of lemon juice and a few drops of carmine to it, and pour half of it into
it was
sensation of drowsiness
All the same, there are few
speculation may be exercised a
man
as to the manner in which this primi- by sleep
country
a small saucepan; then stir in a quar- 1 hese stamps needs a Japanese ex-1 ^ j, ,y nul 0n fire
ter of a pint of pickled shrimps. As pi motion before it can be eumI lti~| »(mylde.ring, and as soon as exposed
then a great deal
Two Si a I eh l\u lift H timing lor a Whole Ptiheeanthispo» — 1 ü <» u mi* of 110!-
l r# sp hi lor Our of Our tllllV.ir j the progenitor of the various races l>ar Ago Auvrtlort
insomnia patients in this country who would resort to so drastic a measure for curing their complaint.
tive ancestor, if it was such, became
soon as they are thoroughly hot bended, and even
place about a tesspoonful of the has to be taken on
most people the legend surrounding
the design looks like so much cord-
tu air it burst into flames. Examination of the mass thrown out of the barn showed that the greater portion of it was badly charred as to be unfit for stock food. For several days
existing to-day—t tu- yellow man with Scientists are much interested in I straight hair, the woolly-haired the expedition which George W. Van- negroid and the wavy-haired Cauras-derbilt has sent to Java fur the pur- I jan Nowadays anthropologists clas-pose of trying to find some more s[fy the races of mankind by their previous to the fire a peculiar odor bonps of tlle so-Callei Missing Link, | bajr> and straight-haired Ameri-had been noticed about the barn. An a fpw relics of which were dug up examination showed that this pro-
Very peculiar was the fd I owing— A middle aged engineer who had lived for many y ?ars close to the beach of a seaside town had grown so accustomed to the lullaby of tin* waves that when business took him to Manchester, where he was thenceforward compelled to live, he found that the absence of the sea murmurs rubbed him of sleep. He therefore fitted up in his
which was su constructed that the sound uf the waves as they broke upon the shore was most cleverly imitated. Aided by this fictitious appliance the engineer was enabled to sleep perfectly, and the appiratus continued in constant use until the day of his death, suine years later.
faith, since to
sauce and shrimps in the middle of euoh fillet and scatter a little chopped parsley over the top the middle of the rice border with fried potatoes and pour the der of the sauce round the dish
wood.
In the oval frame is pictured a low
Fill up
table spread with paper, the place where all Japanese marriages are sol-
The table is decorated
re rna i n-
cau In iiin is termed ‘Mongoloid' a while ago by Dr. Eugene Dubois. I paltly on this account, being bien bille named the animal pithecanthropus | fip(1 in or;gin with the yellow Asiatic, and subsequently Prof. Marsh and
emnized
with bamboo stalks and plum twigs and blossoms r'ses a spray of pine
cecded from the mow, but fire was not suspected. It will probably be well to avoid placing large quantities of clover hay in mows until thoroughly
CARE OF THE EARS.
Once Atarted in Java, it is easy other experts declared that it was I £0 imagine how the human race may undoubtedly a creature midway be- | have 8pr&ad over the earth tween man and the ape
and at each corner
Why Is it, when we take so much
The pine and
bedchamber an apparatus
•are of our eyes, we pay so little attention to our ears, and
Primi-
I he UPP'1 I tive man, departing from that island
the bamboo being evergreens repre
posspss as sent that in which there is neither little knowledge with regard to their ^lability Dor 6hadow of turning; the
requirements f
“A few drops of laudanum in the ear of a child who has earache, or a syringing for a man who becomes deaf, commonly enough," mays Sir William Dalby in Longman's Magazine,
"form the commencement of a treatment which makes the work of surgeon more difficult than it would have been had the ear not been interfered with"
And yet up to the present time the two courses Indicated were popularly considered to be in the highest degree judicious.
cured
part of a skull, a single molar tooth
need only ait on a log and let the and a thigh-bone were the only frag- | win«]9 waft him and the ocean cur-ments secured, and a most Important
MARKET HINTS
table cover are theH8 a wilM' and 0,6 <lueaUu" . oI
wheat to ship is one of great importance. In this connection we have hesitancy in affirming that more cattle aire marketed prematurely than are held too long. The time to ship is when the cattle are finished. It is seldom indeed that conditions . | justify holding fully finished beeves for any length of time; cattle in this condition aire fed at a lass, unless a
rents carry him arr*,<s to America addition to human knowledge would I whije the birds of the air and fishes be made by the discovery of a fairly 0£ thi* 9e;l glowed him the way and fed complete skeleton. David J. W alters, I bim on the voyage. One fact that of Yale, will conduct the search party, j £bat points to the conclusion that man and will have for a rival in the field
for the good of man.
of the paper
and the tortoise; of these the
crane
bird is symbolic of 1,000 years and the turtle of 10,000 years a I the bride and bridegroom and pass each other cups of saki to the number of nine, and so they are mar-
drinks together
no
may have originated in that part of famous Prof. Haeckel, who is to start I tile world ia that the humblest and
for the island a few day from now | most primitive members of the bumiu
f.unily to-day live in that neighb r-“Success in such a search is neces- | |lL>ud„un the islands of the Malay sarily problematical, and yet there seems to be a fair chance, ' said Prof.
Here sit
BEST WASH FOR GLOVES.
A successful wash for soiled kid gloves uf the inure delicate shades, as well as white, will be owned by many housewives as one uf the greatest
Many of the
on exactly the same quest
ried, for the symbolize the perfect Japanese mar
nine
bea
nage.
This in Japan is the emblem of wedlock, and for that reason it has
been reproduced in the commémora-xnd Iniquitous practice of boxing | Ut# „Ump	on the wedding of
children's ears. There are benighted people still in existence who, while
WALL PAPERS
Theodore Gill, the celebrated uatura-
material advance Ln value should re-i,igt ..ïbe /irst tbing to do wiu be
coup the owner. Where a consider-I ^ study the characteristic» of the hangings of rooms affects the temper able number of cattle are being W deposits in which lay the bones found and disposition of those who live in the crown prince. At just such a together, some will always ripen be- L Df UuboiSi and tben look for bi;d# theml to a far greater degree than table sat he and his bride, and the tore the oLhera, and it is a very good ^ similar make-up and age eise-where most people imagine they would look with horror on the gUlks o( bamboo and sprays of pine PUn to Pu,raue a topping-out policy Aasociated ^ssiis may afford useful cheerful colors may not be the most Idea of giving a child a good, judi- an(] thg bloom3 ol tbe pium all joined holding out the fattest cattle and indicationSi or even implements or economical as far as wear goes, but eious, wholesome spanking, would ^ wi(.hing them botb all heutlh, 8CJldin«	to market, thus d|vid- utensile left bebind by the monkey- (hey are invaluable aids from a health
freely dispense any amount of injuri- |th ,ind happiness without chang- “•« the risk, besides giving those left mau ,t u by „„ means to be taken point of view. Gray or greenish tawn ms boxings on the ear. We furth-	and thc crane and tbe tuvtle fix. behind a bettor chance to mature. for granled tbat be possessed no arts or brown tones, when they predomin-
•rmore learn that partial deafness is '	r,,Dur()US ,ime limit to all A quwtion often asked by feeders I ^Justries of his own. There is no ate, are depressing to live with, ai-
Qdefinitoly increased by attending	^ wigbe3 , suggeiting th;lt it » wthat wei,ght of aatlto fmd muel reason for supposing that the bones I though they may be cool looking and
hrmons ami lectures of which only *	oome to an end five ready sale and eeU to the best advent- unearthed by Dubois were the only refreshing for a short rime. So, too,
A part can be heard, and during the «	** J .	bence	»*«¦ WhUe tilftre ”	8 demand fur ones that have been preserved, and it -re dull hangings, such as browns and
iftlivery of which the ears are kept or	* fa ,	t heavier beeves tram one or two East-1	^ tbat , numbers of them llark purples, which s.mply irritate by
.......	=== mmémmmm==......................................................................................................I
15 years, and the 1% 1,800 to 2,001/1 A M1LL10N X LA,th At,°	aider it a good wearing color, and	with a towel sufficiently to put os
W~ i overripe, tallowy hulks of obe-1 “As to the Period at which these I think that it shows advanced taste,	the hand. If a spot shows anywhere,
*	t	t	1	k	-	^	- „ily that once’ commanded the ad-1 ape-people lived no close estimate can but after a little it simply gets on	wet it again with the fluid and rub
i™H“ TO swkt'^Tbbatb.	—r^“a-.2 ir,: z	nrjrzz x zcz: tjtl*
tT 1	? cup of •tron« coffee will remove coneideralion at the bands of the f»*r# a8a»	or ,eae- One point I fulness there is no color like a warm Ruid and are desirous of having the
T	Wl °l ..	, the odor of onions from the breath. #la.ueilterer or his clientage, the great I to ^ considered, by the way, is that yellow for a room, while sage green or gloves look just like new, rinse them
thi U*stng	vmg “ Be<xjn<	¦	#	I [h f çütiing public	I the three fragments found in thc I pink—rose pink, of course—also make before trying them on in a clean
sd kdigo or other blue. After- Isn't Uut prominent politician some- «n** K. trom tbeeUudpaint of | the compsrat.ve sn.tcmtst some ex- |house waa pgt in a room p.pered with |‘ir. lo half an hour all dw.gre.-
we id, fee glass Is rubbed hard with s tblng 0f an egotist I I think so; he I hurownity as well as of utility, pier, ef chamois.	won't even left Ms wife's photograph No one who baa seen cattle c«nc| study.
To liro0T. the tope of fruit jars be taken without his bust in the beek-1 out of a car with eyes gouged out and
bodice brained and scarred by thi.
bleatings of the day cleaners will say that light gray or pale lavender kids cannot be cleaned successfully, but they are wrong. Go to any drug store, and ask for a cleaning fluid made as follows Deodorized benzine, two pints; sulphuric ether, one drachm; chloroform, one drachm; alcohol, two drachm*.
The color of the wall papers and
The writer also speaks of the cruel
Light and
i

Open the windows wide, and hive no fire and no light in the room while
Select a large'
doing the cleaning earthen bowl, and puiir in enough of, the fluid to well cover tbe pair of
Wash the gloves just as you
gloves
would a cloth ui a piece of la06. Rub
(he fingers together until the seams
Use one glove tg When they seem
THE OULSINE
To remove paint splashed on window I stoutly â*ss moisten the spots with a | n.tme c
uf the prince and the princess etiong solution of soda, then rub|aD(j tbe dale when they sipped the
nine cups of saki.
herd
pou
in



remely interesting material for I green and white. The grew was pale 1 able Odoj- will he ve disappeared. One1
emerald, and very pretty, by* it was antagonistic, end the lady's visit was quite spoiled, so unpleasantly was ebb affected by the color*
quart ai this o Us using fluid will no#


The remains referred bo were found
t over forty seats, and U ougfcl
in the river bonk, near Trinil, in the
tha* eeimot be started by ban/, *Üp I ground.





! n


i







###PAGE###8###


.

- •


1
Great Sale !
U KNOW U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
FALL TRADE
Follow the Crowd to
STEWART’S
Boot and Shoe Store.
Why wait until the rush is on ? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order now with us.
I We invite the public to examine our
Large Stock of Serviceable Fall Goods:
Flannels,
Kerseys,
Yarns,
Blankets
Great reduction in Prices during
the month of September.
Underwear,
Coats,
Overcoats,
Pants,
Moccasins. Rubbers.
Homemade Socles. Boots.
Horse Blankets,
Heavy Canadian Tweeds Skowhegan Oiltanned Moccasins
• &c., &c., &c.
All Spring and Summer Goods must go to make
. room for Fall and Winter Goods.
A. R. IVjcGUIRE,
ma.
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAW VILLE, -
?
THE TAILOR.
QUE.

)
Shnwvillo Academy

)
Now Government Sworn In.
f
ristol Wharf
!‘FL W IT r >R SKPTRMRKR.
Berna McOredie ; 2
Evelyne Shaw ; 3, Florence Elliott and | Hw Parent (iovernmont were
tl ? ‘ at J 1.30 to-day by Hie Honour
ti e L eut Governor, as follows :
1, Henry I Bon. S. N. Parent, Premier and Com
missioner of Linda, Forests and Fish
Dechene, Com
Li I
3X
Quebec, October 3 —The members of
sworn into
Crade il.— 1,
%
21
I reno Shaw, equal ; 5, Jennie Crawford Onde 1.—1, Harold Wilson ; 2, («raci D" i . \ rna M Guiri Argue
1
i
FERRY
Kathleen Wila -n M. E. M.u'G m
o
We solicit your trade. We are aiming to establish a solid, reputable business on honest business principles. Your children will be as liberally dealt with and as courteously served as yourselves. Any errors in accounts or in goods gladly made right.
CHANCE OF TIME.
o.ie«. Mon. F. M
Official Time Table :
K, Teacher
ThoimdiTMgtkMl hnv X|Hirience In ferrying |
missioncr of Agriculture.
Hon. H itRce Archambault, Aîî rn . •Senior Grade Emma \hio le, 21'.U: General.
>.w| Elu. Parker, 2025: Guy Farrell, 1895d Hou. H. T. Duff
nnund Farrell, 931
iiur hail
S- nom, N >. 1, I,t:<!.u
PM
A.M
. |
îristol \\ liarf and Sand Point will cou-inuv to do nu this season ns follows ;
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tlh'e<‘kvnrldge I Kardley
Parker’s crossing t Mohrs
< lu,von Wyman's ? Ta ni;
Rrlstol
McKee’s Sliawvllle C lark *a
Caiupbfir.s Ray ?Tank Î Vinton Cou longe ' Mellon'# Waltham
Arrive t> Id
6 0)
a. 21
6.12
Provincial Treasurer lion. Lunar (hmin, Public \Y Hon. Adelard Turgeon, Mines and C Millikvn, 114M; onizvion and nls > Provincial Seer» Farrell, 1090; pr, y 1'tuTvIl, <>7 1 ; j iith Sutherland, tin
4; »
6.18
• •
Leave Bristol Wf^arf
Every day (Sundays exempted)
At S.CO a.m., and 4.00, p.m
il	l*l-i Craig, 17M; lib
Allan Farrell, 059. i Junior Grade
Ida Wilson, 1131: P
Percy Farrell, tout): 1 Walt 240:
6 26
II
orw4
it
6
M
6.47
1
s 22 K.U
ary
6.16
M
I.ÎS
111
:er the litter mentioned had taken | Lc<V/6 SîVld Point ofuh of office, the Lieut.-Governor handed him the great seal of cilice which ho entrusted to his keeping.
7.04
M
\
7.26
1
t>2; 1
ivns, 2.Ui.
M. li. L«»we. teacher
7.43
1
Every day (Sundays ex
At 19.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.,
1)
6.00
7.1s
8.03
7.1
8.12
Meeting all Train
8.30
44
1.17
GEORGEBALLANTINE
THE WAR.
4A3 Arrive
Leave 4.31 •Flag Station, ?rank, t King Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
THE PROVINCIAL CHANGE.
Ferryman
Gen. Clints Captured, Boer Some	Produced
L 4 -j 'i	el	j [.	_
L rd Roberta adds that the casualties n'llll'.L!1,1 ,a',° their u>. nge at the 1 hefarmerT Sun the organ of the Fa r ms | TT1 	w
ot Dvjiger's Drift on Oct. 1, was not J, n	.	! of Industry, points out the following in- IM îiPmfiPQ T
serious m at first reported, only seven ih0 1 reS3e’ referring editorially to the stances of the increased prices of every 1	^ •
having been wounded.	matter, says that the utmost efforts were thing that the farmer has to buy :—
rrn»; , StrSft. & SSZVJ&TZ	sar ""**¦ I We <»“ pay you highest market price (in cash)
fJ L .h .«Ik c.,.a	c,,“ »bir for your wheat aay time you fetch * along.
iplpiSmi EEEEEEr »
TIMS cabd,	SEBSîEEbSS2 i-3	=^Lition at rcounty fair every time-
EASTERN DIVISION.	IJ	Meals, Bran, Sheris and Feed.
Trains daily between SI	^ 2^5 V'	a a	^ ^
BiisspEEipEs
Lydenburg, Oct. 5.— Gen. Boiler's rUiW* to agree to, despite Mr. Tartes The price of coal oil, lumber, tools and
«9,00 A.M . Limited, arrives Montreal li 20 a m I force has been pursuing tlm Boors 1 moet I)re8ai!ig demands and which neither j hardware has gone up from 40 to 100 per
SHESkSF- I £rh	Ki" -d	! t sc: 25 terte? I ~
Bo is now near Oprigstadt, and is still | 'nel *l8elr wished for. 1c is therefore the ggjgg,	| Ottawa (iovernment which governs and
¦ mi » 1»	WUBP^MW^IB	%—	I the provincial Government exists simply , er
"ÎÎWitSft'ÏÏWLondon, Oct. 7 -It is e.tim.ted, ac. «> register its wishes.”	Mr. T.rte is encouraging unity, fra-
htfa' hccl. Connectrt witli trains for Portland and cording to the Pietermaritzburg corre-I Mr. Kobidoux is also credited by the . "'y » nnu w nat not in (Quebec by talk
SKSgsHSSBsS	& I te S « =rF '-t	5'%%
¦^Swer» awt*-1 '..........	p:
Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto. Chicago The c ^respondent understands that The Press, in conclusion, suggests that ft,,,**""*, * ho denounce the Catholic etc. Ha. Pulbnan Parlor liar to Montreal.	I their Long Tom ammunition is almost Sir Wilfrid should place at the disposal	, But he cannot be sincere in his
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :	I exhausted.	j of Mr. Parent the .$500,000 or $600,000 a j • . banzemen, because his organ-
«Hass	^ “ "
The Elections
ÿXSïïSi,rHm.PU" “ 'commandant Muller ha, surrendered I	_*   OH November 7.
19.10 P. M. Sunday only. Fnm Montres! and in-11° Cierj and Commandant Dirksen and
terraediatf |ointm, leaving Montreal i,
Cornwall, Kingston. Toronto and points
Pullman Parlor Car attached.
E. HODGIMS & SON.
How They've Helped Farmers
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SVPERJNTKXHENI
OTTAfA&GATINEAURy
( )
Fall and winter Tsmo Table
me
Taking effect Oct. 16, 1899
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa,
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nos. 1 nud 2, daily except Sunday.
For tickets and further Information apply to E. C. Arno dl, Ticket Agent, m. Spark St., or 31 Central Chainhers. Ottawa.
P. W. HESSE M VX.
tien’l rtup’t.
r».£0 p.m 9 20 a.m
Pretoria, Oct
compe-
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING 00.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS2 HOVHS. 20 MINI'TES.
Trains leave Ottawa Central ITepot:-
« 6.1C A. M. -Local—Stops at all Intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 9.50 a.m. Rockland Branch, Hawkesbury Branch, Valley Held, connects at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west.
JAS. GRAHAM
i
Furniture Dealer and Undertaker...
1-S.00 A.M. Sundays only—Stops at intermediate
111,0 ft-m- Pullman | marching forward
Mr. Tarte and Orangemen
SUCCESSOR TO
CUTHBERTSOlf, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
Main Street - (Opposite G. F. Hodgins’) - Shawvilîe.

A first-class stock of Furniture of all kinds now on hand, including some special bargains in Lounges and Parlor Suites.
UNDERTAKING CALLS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
Mr Chamberlain s Triumph.
Thanksgiving*
Service
Dinner
others are on their way to Pretoria to
Middle and Western Divisions. I m7n wounded!16 TlT&eM w'fLêd heitv* Bril‘sl' el«ction« <° endefvnur to"‘.o!v” I a proclamation to this effect was i.Btied
TO AND FROM THE west.	Ujy ”	~	the Imperial zdlverem project in co-optr- Tuesday in an extra of the Canada Gaz-
(Daily, except Sunday)	de WET B BS UP AGAIN	ation with Ctnada and Australia, thus
Train* leave Ottawa Central Depot :	completing the commercial unity of the, .
8 15 A. M. For Arnprior. Renfrew. Egnnviiie. Pem-	Aliwal North, Cipe Colony, Monday, Empire, and the London Timca says the	A a mee Ir,8 of 116 Cabinet on Mon
broke, Barry * Bay Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry I October 1.—General Dd Wot is re| orted ! question will probably occupy the atten* day, an order-in council was passed, and
UD aD U1 mie‘ 8 ' p<)l,lt,*|	' to bo a few miles south of Wepcner (in | tion of the new Imperial Parliament. approved by the deputy governor-general
SSC: % HEB1EEHH = :—=
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Dqfot :	r	v	I in ite Power to bring about mutual Im- M. ordering tho Rritafwra general elec
11.10 A. M. From Madawaskn, Pembroke, Egan- . t,ie outP08t camps have been called j perial Preferential Trade. Mr. Chamber- tim. Nominations will take place on
zrsrzrrztet%	1 °“oW ”• ^ - x"~‘- »•
•* EH-ïiEsSïSfcss	i ssjss-1 œ i .=•.
a—Train* running daily except Sunday,	tween Aliwal North and Wepener), rode ment has voted against the principle of a The campaign will therefore ba the
b-Sunday only.	| out of one end of the town as the Boers ; mutual preference again and again, a shortest on record,
galloped in at the other end.	Liberal victory would be an intimation
Two mounted Australians were captur- to the people of the Unhid Kingdom
. Some of the Roux villi merchants that Sir Wilfrid Laurier was right when I James Clarke, the veteran Orangeman
Tickets to Enropeand all part* of the world by all them	^ f ^	^	didnot | ofOttawn city, died at his renidence"
American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook’s ,,en iro.u falling into the hands of the | want a preference in the British market. 271 O Connor St., at 2 o’clock on Monday
Buers.	j —Montreal Star.	morning, aged 76,
r.t 5
I'.»
Parliament is dissolved.
The general election will take place
Wednesday, Nov. 7, four wetks from to morrow.
St, llit*
on
and
ette
r
Shawville Methodist Church
Oct. 18th
4.40 P. M. Fur Arnprior. Renfrew, Egunvillc,Pern broke, Madawaska and intermediate Ktation*.
1.00 p. M. Mixed Train for Aruprior, Renfrew, Egan ville, Madawaska and intermediate Mtations
# # #
A Thanksgiving Service at which Rev. Dr. Tucker will preach, and a special program of select music will be rendered, will be held on the above date, mencing at 4 o’clock, p. m. Immediately after service the ladies of the congregation will serve Dinner in the Church basement. Admission—25 cents, dially invited.
The writs are made returnable
k
on
com-
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Russell Rouse Block
ed

All cor-






\


t

-	- J
