###PAGE###1###
P

No. 2. 201 h Year.
SH AW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JUNE 20, 1902.
FIRST-CLASS
I FARM FENCING
ONLY________
30 Cents per BOD
for sale by
the ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
BANK OF OTTAWA
A choice stock of picture frame mouldings at Imlson's Studio.
For enlarging, copying, viewing, picture framing and photos of the best platino finish go to liaison's Photo Studio.
Yes, you Are !
Held Office l . Capital paid up
OTTAWA, CANADA.
......... 12,000,000
. . !...	1.705,
OF CANADA.
Rest

Board of Director$
- $6,000,000.
’	tune ad. Inside page. For eale by
Charles Magie, Esq., President. George Bay, esq.,Vice-President.
How. Geo. Bimnii, J*. John Mathkr, *hq.. Alex. Fraser, Bag , David MacLarbw, Esq.,
Dennis Morphy, £hq.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Are What ?
O, P. Hodglns, ShawvlIIe.
FOR SALE ;
11(1 fx)t selected cedar skifT, new.
2 18 ft. selected white plr.e skiff, new Apply to Geo. BaalantiMk,
Auction Sale.—Mr. Francis Wilson I For the Bryson Public School, holding
first class elcmentry diploma. Duties to commence the .second of September next.
hands
Head OlHce, • Montreal.
General Manager.
.. .. Manager
GEOROEBÜRN D. M. FINN1E
Teacher Wanted
Missing:
Some
Big* Bargains

Branches :
IN ONTARIO :
Keewatln. Kempt vl If,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
8EAWVILLE BRANCO,
Lanark.
Parry bound, Pembroke,
Akiandria, Am prior, Avonmure, Bracebridge,
Oarleton
Cobden Hawkeabury,
desires to Announce that he intends dis-Money losned on approved security at j posing of him furniture and other hou#e-
hold effects by auction on .July 3rd, commencing at 1 o’clock, p. in.
Applications to be in undersigned not later than the tenth of July next, and to state salary expected.
NORMAN McCUAIG,
Chairman.
the
of the
Rat Portage, Winchester,
«to Bank St. Renfrew Pises, do Rideau 8t. Toronto,
do Somerset St. Winchester. Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falla.
IN MANITOBA:
reasonable rates.
do
Farmers notes bought And collected
Money transferred to all parts of the world. | Headaches Cured.
Ninety pep oent. of headaches are caused by Imperfect eyes. We can
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol-1 Permanently cure such headaoh
with glasses. If we fall we will refund your money. The Drug Store,
Shawvllle, Que
Wanted at Onck—Od a farm in
Dryson, 20th June, 1902
If you don’t take advantage of our
SAVINGS BANK
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Teacher Wanted.
' Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC;
,	Hull,
Agents in Canada, New York and Chlcago-Bank of Montreal.
Agent* in St. Paul-Merchant# Nat Bank: ?gents in London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
1 era and upwards and Interest allowed
CLEARING OUT SALE
Lâfhuto.
Wanted for School No. 1 Lower Litchfield, Female Teacher, holding first clash Elementary Diploma. Application stating Manitoba—a good man and his wife to j experience, and salary wanted, to he Manager. |	()l) fArm; wife as housekeeper. I addressed to the undersigned not later
Will pay $35 per month for five months. tlian t,lc Ist,‘	a/'t t? xi
Employment in winter at smaller wages.	lE jl™/1
John Elder,	j une 23rd. 1902
Norquay, Man.
Montreal
10 A.M.T0 3 P.M
Ofpick Hours .
SATURDAYS . .
10 A N. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER,
OF DRY GOODS.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Que
R.
R. A.
Advertisers and correspondents a re reminded that we cannot assure the Insertion of matter uni hand by Monday noon of each week.
Coronation Stationery.—The very latest in writing paper neately put up in pads and in boxes at The Drug Store.
Coronation Postponed I
The King Seriously 111 !
We are bound to clear them out at any
price. Everything Reduced.
It Is In
Pic-Nic
Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, will be at Shawville on third Tuesday in each month, and Campbell’s Bay the following day. Parties will | Tuesday's cable despatches conveyed the oblige very much by calling early
Messrs. C. W. Spencer. H. B. Spencer, P. W. Resseman and other officials of the C. P. R. were up the Pontiac line by special on Tuesday, on a tour of inspection.
A GRAND PICNIC Under the auspices of
The Radford Rifle Association
will be held at
THE ftIFLE RANCE, - CLARENDON,
ON DOMINION DAY
very grave intelligence of the King's serious illness, necessitating an immediate operation of a critical nature and the postponement of the coronation services to an
Dr. McNaughton’s office will be closed during his absence from June 18th to
July 1st.
l$e sure and keep in mind the picnic at the Rifle Range on Tuesday next—Dominion day.
Rain Coat found on road between Bryson and Campbell's Bay about three _ ,	, _
weeks ago. Owner can have the same at '^definite period. The operation w per-
George Blackwell’s, L'tchfield, by prov-1 formed at 2 o’clock on Tuesday and it is
ing property and paying 25 cents for this said that under the most favorable condi-
notice.	I lions His Majesty will be unable tô leave
his bed for two weeks, and that several
A few Blouses left from
29 to 45 cents. Were 40c. to $1.00.
Dress Muslins, 5 to 15c. Were 8 to 30c.
Ginghams now going at 8c. Were 10 to 14c.
All Dress Goods reduced down away below wholesale cost.
Children’s Clothing very cheap.



Tuesday, July 1st, 1902.
An account of the marriage of Dr. Me
Naughtoti to Miss Ethel Payne, of Ot-1 Mr. Angus McLellan, of North Bristol, I weeks longer will necessarily elapse be-taw a, on Wednesday last, which we dip Bnd j[[8S Stanley, of Billerica,' were fore he will be strong enough to stand the
“r • .............. - w 7 -S535&1Î	% 3SÉSE %
Active canvassing has begun on the the ceremony, as the wedding party peritonitis part of the friends of the three young drove off, a lively toot-toot of steam In view of this sudden ane most regret-1 will he provided, including the following J ulies who are to compete for the gold whistles divided Loners with the church t.urn l*1 events the contemplated cele-
0%	% izstirat
v.„ »...	ax	1I00-Yard Dash
ville.—Thursday s Ottawa papeie an- last on the occasion of the first visit of 1 that the Ottawa Orangemen have Dr. Carmichael, the Bishop Coadjutor of ted the invitation of the Shaw ville the Diocese of Montreal. The morning ren to celebrate the” Twelfth of service consisted of conferring the rite of
•	Confirmation upon fourteen candidat*»,
An Attractive Program :: OF SPORTS ::
Baseball Match, Tug of War Putting the Shot,
Running Leap,
»
High Jump, &c
nounco
Suitable Prizes will be awarded for the above
Highest Price paid for Produce.
PERSONAL
acccp
hntjiHHHHI
July in this village
V
V Popularity Contest for a glod watch between three yqgng ladies, representing Shaw ville, Clarendon and Bryson.
Second Annual Shoot for the G. J. Bryson
Trophy, commencing at 1Ü.3U a. in.
— —    #
A Sweepstakes Shooting Match, open to all comers, (any military position, any - rifle.) Entrance fee 25 cents.
Good Music supplied at the R. R. A. new Club House.
Mr David Park, of Sioux Falls. Dakota,
The Equity has received several stocks with an imprewive address from His twin Bristol on artolt to htomotl r. of barley plucked from * field of Mr.lH. Lordship, and a celebration of the Ho,y Mr. William Sharpe, of Fort CouT. McDowell, that aro nearly four feet Communion. \ on. Archheacon Naylor, longe, was m town last Thursday. in length, and are said to be only a fair Revds. Alex. Elintt, A V reland and sample of the whole field. From the Mr. Mount, student, took part m the aer same farm also we have a sample of pota-	At the evening service Dr. L r J*
»' *”'•	S2ï.rr LZUT& t.... W F,u„
Miss Moulton and Miss Bulmev, teach- leviers, whose cleansing was wrought as Mr. F-ed Cains, of the firm of Brophy era in the elementary departments of the the direct result of obedience to Christ h Cains & Co , Montreal, was in town on Academy for the post year, have gone command.	Tuesday last.
homo for vacation. The lastvvill	Mr. Seaman, of Leslie, divinity stud*
rated by her wUl he filled next year by ShawvUle Academy, June, 1902. entras ^n visiting friends in town
Miss Mabel Armstrong.	Of those who came from outside schools Mr. R McC. Ritchie, who was in
The handsome silver cun donated as a I ln try the examinations the Mowing t wn on Friday evening, reports that the
C! X H^nforTiirfcates^lffl ^ ™ ord”“f me"t'' "	1-icnic at Campbell's Bay on the 18th was
of first prizes awarded to individuals of Passed into III. ode!, possible 700. in every respect a grand success—hosts of one household, is now'on exhibition atG. % Franklin McDowell	776 peo. le and heaps of fun
M. Doaaldson's jewellery store.	2] Gertrude McDowell.
READ THIS.—For the convenience of 3, Freddie Morris.... people from the western end of the county 4 Lulu Rimer whowwish to attend the picnic at the rifle	.	... M , '	...
range on Dominion day arrangements I assed into III. Model, possible 900
have been made to have the P. P. J. ex- ls jcnnie Russell ...
sa »
gins’ crossing is within a few yards of the ^ JJHggie Thompson..
Range and can be easily reached.	j 4. Herman Wilson ...
EBIKIijsie-
heavy min. in th.1 «etlen 'h.ve done	Cothbem.on.... M7	eKLjl" Wo°	S5	The bc.t hepl faro, eon,petite.to he
more damage to the crops than the fleet.	*	Maggie Harkneaa. 78fl	heart-M welcome, and to express	the	taken part in this year under the aus-
s«œrf: tStil6:v.:v.v.-.::v.Î8 far?r,rZSjrii: rs^.’iSrq M
the front of the county, the indications	6	c g Duff . 6B0	meMenger. Wo claim more than	an	»hould be in the Secretary. hands by
are that new meadows will be good and	Borman 8. Dowd. 03.1	ordinary interest in your consecration to	the 1st of the month, as judging i, to
old meadows fairly so	Francis McKay	507 your sacred office; for the nationality begin on the 16th.
Much sympathy Is felt for Mr. Robert	---- which you, sir, represent with such the competition will lie held in n
Workmaniaml family at the loss they SHAWVILLE ACADEMY.	distinction is the nationality also of the "low Bristol Clarendon, Litchfield, Calu-
have sustained in thedeathof Mre. Work-	--- t majority of ,|lti people of the met Island, Thorne and east part of
E&kiSA.’HrsS hJ«»-^.p3axri&it*	1 «	J-jjgxsr: - ''rmdI
mg&m	*• r- *-* --
x., Harry Richardson 76 per cent the Church in Canada. o liavereat o
I < Bristol Corners.	Honors in English Grammar, French,	you aeonc. whom> the Church lighted	to	The attendance at	the	range last Fn_____________	English Literature. Prize for general	honor. We shall hope now to know and	day was smaller	than	usual,	as will be
5ES5EK3 -SaMKTi»	=5,-ESSS
being the first to ring the bell recently Scripture history, English Literature. | " one whfch we are persuaded you would n.ade| ¦¦¦ purchased, and placed in position on the	Prize for general proficiency.	purself	axnov g t	•
tower erected for its reception.	This	4th, Edith Waddell 70 per cent. Honors	have for more tlmn thirty v u4
tower, it may be stated yet lacks a in Arithmetic, French, Scripture His- moefcdoeelvseeœiefed with mir v\. iym steeple to complete it, which the	con-	tory. Prize for general proficiency.	Diooesan.the ârchlnshopof i lontrea	, am
gregation* hope to su; ply in the	near	6th, Ann e Elliott 60 per cent.	Honors	Metropolitan, whom we and all men	<>ve.
future. In laying the comer stone for in	English Grammar	We pray that God m hie providence will
the foundation, two pieces of stone taken 6th,	Hiram Smiley 67 per cent.	give y°ue an equally lung am l<>ymglyrem-
from the historic walls of Derry were 7th,	John Crawford 57 per cent.	em ered i ; r t annual visits to •
inserted and form part of the structure 8th,	Pearl Rades 66 per cent. Honors pariah and people.	. ,	,
It is needless to may His Lordship, who is in English Grammar.	We also hope that Mrs Carmichael
an Irishman, fully appreciated this	fact,	9th, John Argue 62 per cent.	the praise of whose h e and work	.s ir
on becoming cognizant of it.	10th« Pearl Howes 56 per cent.	Honors	the Church, W*y soon be restore*
While at Bristol Corners Dr. Car- in English Literature.	health, and perhaps with you sometimes
michael and Yen. Archdeacon Naylor were Vnranked, Minerva Caldwell 44 per cent, visit our parish, and encourage the work the guests of Mr. M. Cowley.	Prize fur regular attendance.	1 of parochial guilds and auxiliary.

J. H. SHAW.
Miss Eva Spbme, Renfrew, is visiting her sister, Mrs, Black.
Mr. .î. H. Bromley, Pembroke, was in
P. S.-Paris Green, Wjachine Oils.
Meals and Refreshments served on the grounds at usual prices.

Proceeds in aid of Association.
By order of Committee.

The Picnic at Bristol Station on Thursday last, in aid of the U. C. Church, was favored with fair weather and a large partrunage with correspondingly g rati fying receipts. The big feature of the day was a cane competition between Messrs Sullivan, of Metcalfe and Otter-son, of Am prior, two well-known stock buyers. A little hitch occurred just at moment of closing the polls, which led to the contention that each candidate had won. After considerable talk the committee decided to smooth over the ditticu
testanfcH^IHjH^
amounted to about #400
727
680
A new butcher shop has been opened in town by Mr. Willio Strutt.
/
663
LAGS!
Address to the Bishop
626
618
The following is a copy of the address presented to Hid Lordship Bishop Carmichael, at the reception tendered him
Monday afternoon
696
686
668
lty by awarding a cane to each con-fc The receipts from this source
A nice assortment of Flags, suita-able for Coronation and First of July decorations.

Wl sizes and prices from 3 cents up.
20th
%

Friday’s Shoot
2nd
•ii
The Drug Store,
600 Yards.
20
H. Burrell...
R. Ritchie...
R. Armstrong
R. H Dock.
Wro. Horner.
A. J. Horner.
K. Woodley
H. Darrell.
R. Ritchie.
A J. Horner R H. Dock.... J. B. Armstrong R Woodley.......
8
19
20
17
17
Shawvllle.
# e
7
our
•f
400 YARDS
%
29
F .
14
18
19
16
23
;


mm


ü
j

###PAGE###2###
\
i
I
*êêê**êêêêêêêêêê*ê*é
found to t o a rod of gold with a dove resting on a cross In the sumo manner am the .sceptres already mentioned. Nothing is known of the origin of this really beautiful sceptre; [ but It is not unreasonable to sup- | pose that it may have been constructed for Queen Mary II. who was crowned with her husband, Willie* ' 11Î., ns joint sovereign, and not us Queen Consort.
St. Edward's nnce not
some four and a half inches in length and is composed of beaten gold. It terminates at the foot in a curious piko made of steel and at the top in a mound and cross. It is used only for the purpose of being carried in the procession in front of the King and is not at any time delivered into his hands.
turn mi the kino alone.
AbOUt the
House
ONATION OF r >
nroft MAIS6TI66 Kty
KINO EDWARO VII fa
Æ	AND
JQVEEN ALEXANDRA

»
M
King Edward VII.’s Regalia
1
<
K
##$#$$$*$
ï
h
ï
Crowns, Sceptres and Emblems At the Coronation.
SUMMF.R DRINKS
BY COMMAND OF THE KING THE EARL MARSHAL » DIRECTED TO INVITO
staff is in appcur-unliko a sceptic. It Is
Fine Tea Punch—Ten with fruits iui(l without the addition of any liquor whatsoever can bo made into a most delectable nrnl wholesome beverage that Is at the snihe time refreshing. Make two quarts of rather weak ten by pouring that quantity of freshly boiled water over two heaping teaspoonfuls pf tea and let draw for five minutes, Strain and dissolve in it one pouqd of lump sugar. When cool add the juice of eight lemons, three oranges, peeled and cut Into slices, one small pineapple .shredded, three or four bananas thinly sliced and strawberries if in season. I^ct stand In a cool place until well blended ; chill with ice, and serve.
A # I & M"H # 1 # * I W * *44	H i W
tu
BE HŒBENTATTHE ABBEY OftWMOF WB0TMWSIEW ON THEl^DWOFIVNE^Ol
11 emeralds. 4 rubies, 1,868
The lia used at t he coronation !
of King Kdward VII. are of compar- ! brilliant diamonds; 1,278 rose dia-atively modern construction. None 1 monds, 147 table diamonds, 4 drop-of them, with possibly two sorin'- shaped pearls and 278 ordinary what doubtful exceptions, can date pearls. In spite of this huge mass further back than the year 1601. of jewels it has been so exquisitely The old regalia, which were smash- constructed that it weighs only 18
ounces fi pennyweights.
It consists of a broad band stud-
Above the hand Maltese crosses and
SOI
tX
Am,

«
i
mSÊ'
>L.
WM
m

K
Vf


<
i
m
af-Ss

ÉAKL MARSHAL
cd to pieces by the emissaries of the Long Parliament in 1049, included, among other things. an ancient dcd with jewels crown originally worn by King A I- are alternate
frcd the tirent and employed nt the flcurs-de-lys, all of them blazing with coronation of nil subsequent mon- gems, while from the Maltese crosses! !0>al authority
arc lis. There were also the chalice there spring four imperial arches l,,’esv,1t the world over a portion of of St. Edward the Confessor and the (>f oak leaves and acorns, terminal- u 1111,1 lll° sovereign m question crown of Queen Edith, his wife. | inR in n big mound covered with «ear» sway, while It to amounted
IVlion the Restoration had become brilliants together with a cross-pa- 'V1 1 t,lc lloss,to :IK\int U? 4the fuct
... .............................................. _, ........
sss, <sl star srs s ;u*r tx *nm.sI «:r - -- —- — - -
of state worn by the King at the be- \\ t the one and only instance in, x	of	bracelets are
lüilrSl | ES 1ISS5	™ « -
------—----------------,cKrtlia.	i for instance, that at the coronation They wore tossing about on
°. delivered to K mg rxlwmd 0f Queen Elizabeth two "garters" wild and restless ocean in a small, \ II. is in appearance a hall of gold wvrc p|Mm| upon her arms To-day open boat, at least 100 feet from the some six inches in diameter t>n( <)m~ the bracelets are a mere relic, and beach, lie was struggling manfully passed twice over by a band or fillet ^ -s ft j()Ilg time since they were to battle with the surging waves ot pearls and other precious stones, ceremonially employed.	I to pu!I for tlie shore : she was sit
tctwird	»"«'• bzzrx
amethyst, forming a base or pedes- ^ q he ring, also termed the wedding death, and mentally vowing that sin tal for a richly adorned vross-patoe. g-jng 0f England, is like the sword of would never again he tempted by her 'lhe height of the orb and cross to- *tnte regarded rather in the light lover's daring spirit to venture o gather amounts to some eleven 0f sovereign's own personal pro inches.	peity. It is made afresh for eacf j
coronation
'lhe orb, also called the globe or the mound, is a very ancient emblem of sovereignty and it is held to denote more particularly the Idea of
.	to ro-
#
a

¦Ë9ÜS

CEREMONY IN
A Delicious Lemonade—Perfect 1cm*. onade i» not common. To make it at D s best the water and sugar should lie boiled together to form a If this theory be correct 1 *,vl0 sirup : Allow half a pound of sugar would seem to be little doubt that to eavh <|lmrt of wutcr nnd i)oil lo,
tho eagle and spoon have figured at gather for five minutes, then strain a very large number of English cor- tm(, siand nhi(lo to coo| ouations and actually escaped the general destruction in 104V.
FACSIMILE OF INVITATIONS TO CORONATION
WESTMINSTER ABBEY SENT TO BRITISH PEERS
1'ho
V
Allow four
good sized lemons, rub two of them with a few lumps of sugar until they have absorbed tho oil. Add them to the sirup, then extract tho Juice from all the lemons ; remove tho pips and stir together the sugar and water. When needed add ice and servo very cold in thin tumblers. To make a slightly more elaboiate drink add a few crushed strawberries raspberries, a few slices of pineapple, or a few of orange ns may be In reason.
Dainty Currant Punch.—A simple, wholesome drink that can bo given children ad libitum is always in de* mancl during the summer months.
, An excellent one can Ik* made with the boat	auothri g0od currant jelly that is home-made
<Mi, dvoigc. try ami manage n8 t|10 main flavoring. For tho
1 foundation boil	two	pounds of sugar
,,	.	and	a quart	of	water together	for
upon	tho	fourth	or	as	wo	usually	waxes	mdn	t	make	it	go	all " ax s	at	¦ ad(j	tj)0 jujco	Qf	two	lemons and
describe	it	to-day,	trw-	third	or	wed-	once.	Don’t	be	afraid,	Sarah.	m	re
ding linger of the King’s riglit hand, getting nearer, aren’t we
A little. Oil, (icorgc, what shall
Is worth recording we do if the boat is lost.
Don’t you worry yourself about
said Ceurgc, sooth-You mustn’t upset yourself other people’s business. It
1

/
0
the
V

p5
%
Ï
L<
$
ml
or

c
.«i

:i
«V
\
floss
¦JA
far from land.
"I know we shall go over shrieked, ns


she
i
THE FOUR SWORDS.
No fewer than four swords are borne before the King at his coron-rhrec of them arc very similar in appearance.
The first two, which represent the ideas of justice to the spirituality and the temporality, respectively, arc pointed, the blades being some forty inches In length
THE IMPERIAL STATE CROWN. I ^	with U»
Containing the ruby given to Ed- pointless shape is held to denote the
.....ry .o ,KLTV “• Zf‘"
crown jewels. An order was gnen	1367.	the blade being
to Sir Robert Vyner, a celebrated	long, encased in a scabbard covered Unger.
goldsmith, afterward Ivord Mayor of------------—------------ with a rich brocaded cloth of tls- Foolishly enough the members of
SEsmi : g g BEBE liiigi null
As the Kings of England arc in- bearing the royal arms with the rived Archbishop 1 Tow ley, who no- i The King wears two crowns. When vested with the crown oi St. Ed- rose, thistle, portcullis and other no- turnllv enough, was better versed he first enters Westminster Abbey he ward, so the diadem which is placed | tional badges.	| than the heralds in English liturgi-
wenrs what is known as his cap of upon the head of their consorts has This sword is regarded as being Caj |orv proceeded ns a mere matter
re“ 1 "dually been known as the crown of |---------------------I of course to place the ring upon the
customary finger, the third, thereby inflicting severe pain upon the young Queen.
It is even stated that the linger, thanks to the pressure upon it, was actually beginning to turn black, | and had it not been for the presence of mind exhibited by the Rev. Lord John Thymic, then officiating as sub-dean of Westminster Abbey, who promptly despatched an official for j soap and a basin of water, so as to remove the ring. Queen Victoria's ; life might actually have been to ' sonic extent endangered.
V

It usually consists of plain gold, lurch the chief ornament of which is a it •” large tabic ruby engraved with 11n.'
H is placed could got


I will," replied he. firmly along
alum
fa
ST. EDWARD’S CROWN.
With which the Sovereigns of Eng lamt are crowned, made for King
in memorial of
Ancient Crown destroyed by order of Parliament during the Commonwealth.
of St . ( .Vorg<
m
cross
ono
largo orange. Strain eaiefully and finally stir in a full pint of the best currant jelly. Continue stirring until the jelly is entirely dissolved, then place on iro until \cry cold. At the moment of serving add a bountiful supply of chopped iro and one quart bottle Apollinaris water.
A French Punch.—Tho French are noted for their delicate and delicious drinks. The advantage of such a ono that is nonalcoholic is apparent to everyone. A favorite Parisian recipo calls for five pounds of raisins, five pounds of dried apples and five gallons of water. Put all together in a small cask or largo earthen jar and let stand uncovered for three clays, stirring occasionally from the bottom. At the end of that time bottlo with half a teaspoonful of sugar and a stick of cinnamon in each bottle. Cork tightly and store la a cool place. The fruits having fermented, the drink will keep for a considerable length of time and is 1 really delicious when served ice * cold. It is claimed that over
Charles 11
h: connection with this last fact
The third edge and is
a curious story
in regard to the coronation of Queen Victoria. In the ancient service I that, my deal books it was customary to reckon ingly. the thumb as being the first linger ; about of tho hand. Hence the wedding isn't our boat tjngcr was described as the fourth And he continued his fight with
the cruel, remorseless waves

virtue of mercy or demit is a broad, bright sword,
thirty-two inches
London
to
on
of King Edward Alexandra.


lhe sermon ended, he
estât
moves it, and having taken the cor-; Queen Edith, tho Confessor’s saintly onation oath he is conducted, still wife. The old crown of Queen Ed-bareheaded, to the historic chair of ith was not of course required in
1661. seeing that the King was unHero the crown of England or, ns accompanied by his wife
coronation of James II. and Mary
of Modena in 1685 it became necessary to provide a new diadem for her Majesty.

©

*
King Edward
$
50.-
I 000,000 gallons of this punch wcro drunk in Franco in a single year.
Iced	Fhocolale—Chocolate is fo
generally served hot that tho cool summer drink is far less familiar than it should be. When carefully made and served it is delicious as well as wholesome, and can be safely recommended for delicate children and elderly people. Put one ounce of unsweetened chocolate into a saucepan and pour on it gradually ono Tho last but perhaps almost the i ''V^' X	! I>jnt of boiling water, stirring all
most interesting of nil the regalia of	the time. Put the saucepan on tho
England is that item know n as the vu '	^ '.*.*	fir® and stir until the chocolate is
golden eagle or ampulla together ,	\ all dissolved, then add n pint of
with the anointing spoon. The for-	*• • *JSr	j granulated sugar and stir until it
mer is used to contain the consacrât-	begins to boll. Cook for three mined oil. The head screws olT at the	'	utes longer without stirring, then
middle of the neck and the oil is	GILFORD WAIST.	strain and cool. Add ore teaspoon-
then inserted into the bird s body , An cxcellellt nl0(lt., wllicl, may be :,l'1 of yanilln extract, bottle end to the extent of about six ounces. develoiu d in „ v,.rietv of fain i, s 8,1,1e 1,1 n c°o1 Place When needed When the time for the anointing	L;,2,% linen ni me etc trim- Put two tablespoonful. of crushed
arrives the dean of Westminster	Jd with’enhZle^will make « i('c ‘"«tumbler mid two Ublo-
pours a small quantity of oil	8crviceal)lc wnist fol\ general home aj5001,ful' , ,of ,h® chocola'e sirup
through U.c bird s beak ...to the	weitl. ].„uisine, albatross or elmllie, Ullc0 tablespoonfnls of Whipped
spoon with which the Archbishop will| dalnty vt.Bl Lll)erty satin.	ol'f of milk and half a
then anoints the sovereign	I large collar and culTs of cm. batiste « ' of carbonic or Apolllnaris water.
So much for the crowns. The	III	’	III	It is probable that these two Items bull(l8 „f Venise galloon, with St‘r thoroughly before drinking.
CROWN WITH A MASS OF OEMS. | sceptres are four in number, two for	I I	11|	°! l !° rcSa*ia possess extiemo an- famv buttons would achieve a pleas- Raspberry Shrub, bew people are
z	1 w r r=; s xsl ............................................................ ......... sm.sna1?
'""’sort. They represent the right to---------------------------U The	" t '= "^\'or half yards of goods twent.v-sevn,: the r„m fruit into a stone jar and
inflict punishment.	,,	.of the body of the golden eagle has inrhcs wi(lc Thi,tv_slx nl,d forty "“ur °'cr then, one quart of good
The King’s	sceptre with the cross	the personal property of the sever-	been declared by expels to Ik of a	lmst mcasuve wil, rc,.ulro follr lmd ' elder vinegar. ( over and stand in a
is one of the	handsomest articles in	oi?n alul- 1,1 fact, it is the only one	, date considerably anterior to that of	oniM.ighth Vll,l!s ,,ui)l]8 1)f t,lv cool place for two davs. then drain
the entire collection of the English which 18 actually used during the the Restoration.	some width. 'Three-fourths of ava.il olT lhc !,'luid- ,akinB c“ro nct to
.Ü-	regalia The	handle is ablaze with	ceremony of the coronation, the oth-	Added to this we find no mention	((f H„.ovcr lttcc eighteen inches wide "u,sh 11,15 ''cries, and pour It over
"	the gorgeous	clusters of rubies, cm-	=r three being merely carried ...	made of either eagle or spoon in on	wm bo requira, for lh(1 rollul. alu| 1 a second quantity of the fruit Again
ernhls and diamonds which cover it. 10,11 of 11,0 King. It is customary exhaustive list which was d.a vi, up cuffs and „m,_thl|.d o( a vard o(, let stand for two days, when repent
Æ.......,;h:,	8.12:38:	g- - — ..... --iSrar
It termin- ens^ns royalty arc placed upon old regalia. It bas been conjortui- j	_____ period strain through a muslin bog
him.	od, not unreasonably therefore, that	and add one quart of sugar to 0\ory
lie continues to wear it fgr n very the two ornaments wcro not usual-	PANDORA SKIRT.	pint of liquid. Boil slowly for five
short time. It Is then removed from 1.V kept with their companions among This stylish move! is a circular minutes, skim thoroughly and lot
lh'AuS."" :5»*
llounces, which widen slightly they near tho center hack seam gmng a very graceful elïcct darts on each side, and an inverted double hox-pluit at the hack disposes of the fullness skirt. ’ tifully in biles A skirt
With the
©
it is technically termed, the crown of St. Edward, is placed upon his head by the Archbishop of Canterbury. it has been worn by thee last nine Sovereigns of England in succession. It consists of a circle or rim of gold covering a cap of crimson velvet turned up with ermine. The circle is profusely adorned with precious stones— diamonds, rubies, emeralds, sapphires and pearls.
Above the circle there rise two arches crossed, and surmounted at the centre by a great mound of gold. Above this mound stands what is known ns a gold cross-patec which is itself magnificently adorned, notably with three large oval drop pearls.
The King continues to wear
to the end of the coronation As soon as the final bene-
m
/y

This was accordingly clone, hut the crown had had a somewhat checkered existence, owing to the fact that it has not always been required at English coronations. Ilcnce it no longer finds a place among the English regalia in the Tower.
'


THE OLDEST REGALIA
It has accordingly become necessary to provide a e-pec i a 1 crown for Queen Alexandra. It is reported that it will be somewhat original in construction, seeing that it will contain eight as compared with four arches, while in it is inserted the this celebrated diamond, the Koh-i-nor.
The crown of state worn by Mary of Modena, and also, so it is believed, by her successor, Queen Mary IL, ad- : is a beautiful ornament, and so of St. Edward the richly adorned with pearls and dia-beliind the high altar, monds that the gold which it con-
re- tains is almost entirely concealed.
rown
diction has been pronounced by the Arch biship he retires into the joining chapel Confcssoi
Here the crown of England is moved and in its place there is substituted the crown of state.
THE SCEPTRES
Tills is regarded ns being in a measure the personal property of the existing Sovereign. It has always been altered and in some cases tirely remade at successive coronations.
The existing state crown, which is commonly called Queen Victoria’s, is a most beautiful diadem. It was constructed entirely afresh for young Queen, certain old crowns being broken up Jor the purpose while various jewels were added.
It contains one huge ruby said to have been given to the Black Prince j by Pedro the Cruel, King of Castile, | and afterward worn in the helmet of j Henry V. at
court; 17 sapphires, one of them once the property of Edward the Confcs-
is twisted or wreathed at es in an enormous amethyst which is itself surrounded by a number of fleurs-dc-lys, each of which bear the rose, shamrock and thistle. The amethyst itself forma n kind of globe, encircled with diamonds and surmounted by a splendid cross-pa-
thc Battle of Agin-
his waist and solemnly offered him at 11n- high altar.
whose duty it was to bear the sword of state during the procession and the earlier part of the ceremony, takes the King’s place at tho altar
/
tee
8
as
The Queen’s sceptre, with the cross
Is of much tho same character, but,
considerably* smaller and less orno- e8d procccda redoem the weapon
for the curious sum of one hundred
During the remainder of
the sword of state is
withdrawn from its scabbard and
carried naked before the King.
SPUDS OF ST. GEORGE.
Two
DOMESTIC RECIPES
men ted than that of the King. It is
made of gold adorned with diamonds shillings.
the sorvice
Cream	Fritters.—Due	cup tliid
at the top of the sweet cream ; live eggs, beaten to tt I his model will develop beau-1 froth; thtec shake# of salt, one left* silk, wool or

I
and other precious stones, but the stem is not wreathed in the same elaborate fashion.
cotton fa- spoonful baking powder sifted into of pastel-blue alba- two full cuj a of flour. Drop tho ml** truss with the flounce* edged with i lure In lumps, into hot cottolono or applique insertion or very narrow laid. Fry to a golden brown and black velvet ribbon, worn with a servo with maple syrup, waist of the same fabrics would Beef Pates.—Mince cold cooked m.ike n charming costume. Develop- beef, fat and lean, very flno ; CMAOll cd in black silk, and trimmed with with chopped onion, salt, pepper and galloon, or black pompadour ruch- a little gravy. Half fill pattypan» mg, the result is most attractive, with this and then All them with Linen, duck, and pique require only mashed potato ; put a bit of buttgr self colored insertion or stitching to on each, brush with beaten ogg Slid give tlie needful finish.	brown in the oven.
Quantities of Material Required — Mock Mince Pic—Six crackers roU lhe medium size will require six led fine; five chopped apples; on* CUp Olid one-fourth yards of goods fifty cold water ; one half cup fruit juf*## inches wide, or twelve and one-half one beaten egg, one half cup but to# vonis of goods twenty-seven inches or suet, ono cup molasses, one cup wide, lhe large size will require brown sugar, two cups currants, seven vonls of goods fifty inches raisins, citron, tablespoon to It *4 wide, or thirteen yards of goods apices. Bake in puff paste, witlistit twenty-seven inches wide.	. previous cook,ng.
The two remaining sceptres are
usually entitled the ivory rods with I The great golden spurs of St. the dove. They are placed in the j George represent more particularly left hand of the royal pair and they the military aspect of the corona-are understood more particularly to tion. They arc made of gold curi-apply the idea of the Holy Ghost ously wrought with richly embroid-as controlling and guiding the vari- | crcd straps ous actions of the sovereign

rrîio’s orne

It is the ancient prerogative of This verge or rod Is obviously very I the Lord Grey de Ruthyn to carry much less magnificent in character these spurs during the coronation than the sceptre with the cross; but procession. At the approaching it is beautiful, particularly the service, however, the King has or-graceful representation of the dove I dained that this duty shall be shared with which one end is terminated. | by that nobleman and the Earl of In the course of the year 1814 fifth sceptre was discovered in the
x
V
TES AMPULLA OS EAGLET.

a I Loudoun.
Tho spurs arc not actually fastened Jewel House at 1 lie Tower of Lon-1 to the sovereign’s heels. They are don, lying out of sight in the back merely brought from the altar by part of a shelf and thickly covered the Dean of Westminster and delivcr-with dust. When examined it was led to the Lord Great Chamberlain J
SCEPTRES.
OB»


###PAGE###3###
i
I


BUILBIN6 OF RAILWAYS.
NATURE AS SHOP-KEEPER
throe extrusions nil tap now agricultural settlements.
In British Columbia, the Arrowhead and Kootenay Railway,
Lardo, on Kootenay Luke, to | ard, on Trout Lnk<	nco of 36
miles
To make sure that the sealing il air tight pour a little hot pa rath i ^ Into the grooves of the covers and tighten down upon the rings, that the cans are perfect and use rubbers.
Strawberries canned In this
their flavor and aroma to a
than when cooked
MV TE S A ET? COMMENTS.
;
Pence! Only those who have lev-1 ® CAj) THE HO MF i
ed ones mt thp front realized to the # * V/1V ?	e
fullest joyful tidings, but even £
the most phlegmatic experienced a •	ReciPc* for the Kitchen, #
thrill of pleasure when the Joyful •	Hygiene end Other Notes *
hells proclaimed that the shrieking # for the Housekeeper.
•hrupne/ had claimed its last vie- * tim, at loaot for a season, and oucc -more the Empire was enjoying | peace
weary that
MANY USEFUL THINGS WHICH SHE PRODUCES.
from
Se<
WHAT IS BEING DONE THIS YEAR IN CANADA.
Glr-
no
Grading has been commeno The object of the extension is to provide an outlet for tiio Lardo silver lead mining district. A considerable amount of ore is already stored at Trout Lake, at the end of this railway awaiting tram,porta-
way
Butter, Candles, Soap, and helt-Water To Be E-id Free of Charge.
#
Canadian Pacific and Grand Trunk Double Tracking and Building Branches.
cd
preserve greater extent with the sugar For a richer conserve, approaching
Weiebnden preserve».
zer
2
If all the steam engines in the world could be made to exercise their 70 million horse-power ut one point and one time, their combined exertions might be sufficient to turn a piece of carbon inta a five-carat diamond. But the old volcano which on re spouted ilfimc and lava where Kimberley now stands alone sufficient to form millions of these precious crystals of nil sizes, and leave them neatly packed in clay, awaiting the pick and spade of the white man, says London Answers.
The fact is that man, with all hi»
wonderful and ingenious appliances,
hoH been forced over and over again
and
The current year will see important and far-reaching railroad etruction in

tho famous which are put up with rock candy,
pound of fruit and three-
Put
con-
Canadtt, the greater portion of which will be built in Manitoba, the Northwest and in British Columbia, in the Province of Quebec the Grand Trunk will continue ..its double tracking and the revision of grades and the extension of the main lino into Brantford,
The South Shore will be extended to Point Levis and tho rerailing of the section from Montreal to Morel will be proceeded with. There is ni-ho some important works projected in the Maritime Provinces, tho most recent one being the contract signed by Mackenzie and Mann for a road from Halifax to Yarmouth, a distance of 227 miles. Tho Central Railway has also fallen into the hands of the same contractors and will form an important branch of the South Shore. The building of the road from Halifax to Barrington will bo an immense undertaking, as it passes through a most difficult country. The extension of the Atlantic and Lake Superior Railway from its present terminus at New Carlisle to Pappebiac, and possibly to Port Daniel, during the year, is also talked of. Tho road now runs from Motapedla to New Carlisle, a distance of 98 miles. When the road is extended to Port Daniel trade with the Gnspe coast by boat can bo carried on for tho greater part of the winter months.	*
lion
The Field cut
Ottertall, a distance of seven miles is intended to improve the grades the main line: grading is well advanced and track-laying will bo commenced within a month.
IMPROVEMENT OF MAIN LINE.
On the Smith's Falls and Toronto section, tenders are being asked for tho improvement of tho main line, and grades will be reduced from one to decimal six per cent This important work will alone involve an outlay of over a million dollars, and work will be actively proceeded with during the year. This reduction in grades, it is estimated, will increase, merely
¦Upp
tion of the Crow’s Nest road and vast deposits of liquid fuel.
sections vet unconstructed. An African explorer in the conn ry
back of Uganda found elephants
drinking at a vast spring of natural seltzer water. This water takes its from the German village where
of it wofl noticed.
CREAM VERSUS BUTTER
use ono
quarters of a pound of sugar tho two together in layers in preserving kettle, let stand till the
moist. Cook till the
off. from Field to
We were weary of war; sol When cream is abundant and but'
-...— - 55SSES: «
wa« reueived with a reverent thank- tcr nll(1 thcn UKe the butter in cook-fuljiQR;% almost too deep for demon-1 ing. Much lighter and daintier
and gingerbreads
in their con-
the
on
berries are berries nre softened, but not until they lose their shape ; with a fork you cun gently push to the center tho berries round tho edge that do not cook ns fast ns the others ; and can as above.
In putting up strawlierrics—and most fruits, for that matter—the results are better if only n moderate or small quantity is cooked at one time.
For strawberry preserves, equal parts QÎ fruit and sugar, and cook a little longer. Put preserved strawberries up in glasses, covering with hot paraffine, and then putting on tho usual tin covers.
There is no trouble in using paraffin© if one buys the best refined, docs not cover tho jam or jelly until it is cool, sees that the paraffine covers every part of tho Jelly and touches the glass at all points, and that tho
until the
was
miration
-ko» gHI having sour cream
The war just closed has proved | sumption one of tho most disastrous in the
Vogel able» — String
lima beans,
For Green
beans, young Hi	H
¦	¦pHHVHHiiiH sweet peas and so on, are given a
fore the fir*l shot was fired and tho | must delicious flavor by adding i
cup sweet cream just before serving. With a seasoning of salt and pepper daintier sauce can ho had.
Go ups Also Improved.—When
crafty old Boer sized up the situa-1 wants a so-called cream Of a vego-
tion better than our most astute I table soup to bo especially nice, whip
i cup cream * until foamy and add just before serving. Add no butter humanity and any nation with less whcn using cream.
resourcefulness, and dogged deter- A Rich Pudding Sauce—This is
than tho British Empire, | foamy and nice to serve with baked
or boiled puddings. It is good hot
Beat
corn,
history of the British Empire. Bo-
V
war dogs were let loose old man Kruger made a prediction that tho War would stagger humanity! Tho
to take Nature as a mistress
copy those products which
already turned out. For
a nd
use
no
one
to
politicians. The war did stagger
mination
would have foundered under the strain, for
cold, and quickly made
she hau to suffer tem- | thc vo|kg Gf o eggs until light, add 1
Iloat 1 pt thin cream to
or
glasses are not moved paraffine has hardened.
Cans and g’nssos containing strawberries should bo wrapped in paper before being put away, to Keep the fruit from fading.
An all day's job of canning is justly regarded as a hard day's work. But by putting up two or three cans at a limb, while getting a meal, tho disrgrecablo day Is divided among so many that thc labor is not noticed.
porary defeat, learn its lesson, re- cup sugar
cuperâto and turn defeat into final | I*10 boiling point and pour it gradu-
h h.»	« m...	sT,
ous war and a most cost’y one. or vagilla extract, and tho whites Throughout the conflict tho sympa- of the*eggs beaten to a dry froth thy of the world at large has natur- Scotch Scones—I* or breakfast or
r, s r^lE!"SHF
stubborn resistance and skillful tac-1 teaspoons baking powder and 1 tea-
tics won our admiration the while | spoon salt. Into this work 1
cooked out mi ni. I'«‘at two eggs, add to thc flour with enough thin cream to form a dough. Turn out and roll blood to sustain tho Empire and I to g inch in thickness. Cut with a
bring ultimate triumph to tho flag | diamond shaped cooky cutter, prick
with a fork, brush over with white of egg slightly beaten and sprinkle with sugar. Bake 20 minutes In a The bravery of the British soldier I moderately brisk oven.
has been demonstrated again	and Cream Buns—These are nice for
indeed, been | children's school lunch. Beat 2 cups
sugar and 1 cup croem for five minutes. Add yolks of 2 eggs and mix thoroughly. Sift in 8 cups flour of Canadians who fearlessly faced I mixed with 2 teaspoons baking pow-
tlio foe and fought till the last car- der and 1 teaspoon salt. Add 1 cup triage in their bandoliers had been seeded raisins, 1 teaspoon vanilla sent on its way, but the net result | extract and the well beaten whites of the war will not he to add tho prestige of the British Empire. I pans The Boers have been conquered and into each. Brush over tho tops with there is another patch of red to go | 1 tablespoon sugar mixed with 1 on the mop, but at what a cost
for
a bout
ocean
NEW RAILWAYS PROJECTED
3
other	¦ I ¦
Such a route would give the C.F K a great advantage over other transcontinental roads, although the present main lino would always be used name
Tasrs*,	r, z .7-
Horse Pass, and at tors
New railways arc projected with American capital back of them in New Brunswick. Bills were introduced! at tho last session of the Provincial Parliament to incorporate thc Fredericton and Western Company and the Moncton and Eastern Railway Company. These are believed to be promoted by the Wcbb-Mcyer people, and would form part of a through route from the west to Cape Breton, striking the Province of New Brunswick at the head waters of St. Croix River, thence to Fredericton and Moncton, and on to the Province of Nova Scotia. From Fredericton there is a branch projected down the St. John River Valley to St. John, and tho scheme includes a fast line of passengers from Louisburg, C. IF, and thc making of St. John, N. B . tho port for its export freight business. A movement is also on foot in thc province to get thc government to guarantee to the extent of $1,000,000 the bonds of the Canada Eastern Rail-This road, which is 136 miles
cup
we groaned over British reverses and contributed of our money and our
HINTS TO HOUSEKEEPERS.
Strong vinegar, heated almost to tho boiling point, is excellent for removing paint from glass, while a cloth saturated in vinegar is about thc only thing that will clean the little mica "windows" in tho coal stove.
Thcro arc several grades of granulated sugar, the coarsest of which is not ns good for cake-making as that which is finer.
To make thc green coloring fluid with which ices, jellies and candies arc tinted, take a peck of spinach, pour two quarts of boiling water upon it and let stand for one minute, then drain off the xmter pound thc spinach to a pulp, put it into a cheesecloth hag squeeze it. Put thc juice thus expressed into a saucepan, simmer it for five minutes, after adding three level tablespoonfuls of sugar. When cold bottle it. A very small quantity will give a delicate color, and, as is seen, thc coloring matter is perfectly innoxious.
A handful of salt thrown on tho fire before broiling meat deadens the blue flame that arises and helps prevent smoking.
In almost any boiled pudding, especially those in which cornmeal is used, it is possible to make sta’e bread crumbs soaked in milk take tho place of the flour generally combined with meal, etc. This is only a pse for stale bread, and an economy, but also makes the pudding lighter.
we all love. There have been many instances of gallantry in tho field.
at the Yellow
Bute Inlet, on thé Pacific Ocean, and
Messrs11'MuckmfizVl Mann^that the some remedy ready mud,\i^l0t
pcir to Port Arthur will be traversed j is ever solved most of Hie patent dailv bv two fast express trains, and ; medicine manufacturers will go c tit will cover tho 438 miles In fifteen of business. Naluro docs not ndter-hours. Up to tho present time 1.- Use. but she gixes us her produits
300 miles liavo been built, night huit- free of cost.
dred remain to complete the British In tho making of soap and paint Columbia section, and as many more human competition wou.d then also in the Province of Quebec. Thc com- be at an end Three soap gev ers bas already commenced ""kiwvo^fm^
greyish substance 1	.
putty. If
which rare for which
There is hardly an illness tho human
There have,
again
signal examples of heroism and tho scroll of fame appear tho names
on
to I of the eggs. Bake in greased muffin
putting a few tablespoons
and
Next
and
pany
at Strathcona, formerly known South Edmonton, and the trains will filled with a
As regards the subsidies to be xot- ro<*k-oil and alkali in subterran-cd by the British Columbia govern-	-- -
Mr. J. N. Grcenshiclds, K. | ®"”8tow> has
('., solicitor for the company llas known u8 the Paint-pot, which pro-been at thc Pacific Capital endeavor- duccs pigmpnt 0f a lovely scarlet ; ing to reach a settlement with the	in other parts of the world
members of the Cabinet.	immense beds of rod and yellow
Regarding the from Port Arthur	^rinWaTftc "lake, which
down to the city of Quebec, vno t]ircc miles in circumference there whole line has not yet been survey- ‘ s,1irr)iy Gf pitch greater than all
ï-ïïïsïœ 52 % Al tus
crly from Port Arthur, ond	away and used without any refining.
ar? oL.
lotion, either as an agricultural or » ' mining country. In New Ontario it & «
will bo tributary to no less than 10 000,000 acres of arable land, admirably adapted for farming, between Lake Superior and Hudson s
Bay.
Tho first sod
month, at North Bay, Ont., from the Temiscaminguo and Northern Ontario Railway, which is destined to
large tract of new sut tie-
ns , is
t he
tablespoon water.
Layer Cake—Beat 2 nips sugar with 1 cup cream. Add yolks 8 eggs W. T, Stead, the monitor of tho! 3 cups flour mixed with 2 teaspoons
Anglo-Saxon people, and generalI baking powder and 1 teaspoon salt.
Then add another l cup cream, thc well beaten whites of thc eggs and her I any preferred-flavoring. This makes
this is
way
long, has already received $100,000 from tho Provincial and $375,000 from tho Dominion governments.
GRAND TRUNK'S OPERATIONS.
Tho Grand Trunk is busily engaged at present with track and grade revision work. Tho
has four steam shovels,
Yel-
depths. As for paint, thc
an enormous geyser
adviser of the nations of tho world
ment,
charges that it cost England
tho new second
Queen, 21,000 soldiers and £200,- three layers
Orange Filling—Bent together tho
Queen Vic-|Jt,ico 1 orange, thc grated rind, 1
egg and 1 cup sugar. Add 2 tablo-
¦¦¦ thick
000,000. While wo may doubt whether tho war hastened tor'a’B death
company
a large force of men and eight construction trains are at work between Pickering and Bowmanville.
Messrs. Iloss and McRae, who have the contracts for track work between Jordan and Ni-
expect to have their
or not it probably
adieu Northern
sweet
cream
spoons
embittered her last years, and asforjcook over hot water until the mix-the mortality list and the war tax ture thickens, stirring all the time.
painfully evident. It is Sprinkle top of cake with sugar.
¦	Chocolate Filling—Soften 3 squares
chocolate over hot Water, then add 1 the blood of patrician ; CUp sugar and & cup thick sweet and plcbinn flowed side by side &# cream. Mix well, then cook 15 min-lt did in tho Transvaal. When ho#» utes over hot water, stirring tilities commenced it was thought quently. Remove from tho fire, add to be a favorable opportunity forh teaspoon vanilla and stir until scions of noble house# to serve their thick. Spread	1	I
apprenticeship in the art of war. an(i on top.
Many went but few returned. The Cocoanut Filling—Beat 2 eggs, add very cream of the British army was £ cup sweet cream and 1 cup sugar all but exhausted. Tho col on lea; Cook	¦¦¦
contributed men and money, and Add i teaspoon vanilla extract and still the Boers put up a bold front allow to cool. Spread between lay-Slowly but none the less surely the, era and on top, sprinkling each layer enemy were brought to their knees. | with a thick coating of cocoanut.
¦jlH Cream Sponge Cake—Beat the Thc terms of peace announced by I yolks 4 eggs until light colored and
to the House of Com-1 thick. Add gradually 1 cup sugar,
and i cup thick sweet cream. Then add 2 cups » flour that have been sifted with 2 teaspoons baking powder. Bake in a loaf about thirty minutes.
Spice Cake —Mix 1 cup thick sweet cream with 1 cup brown sugar. Add tho yolks 4 eggs. Stir in 1 cup molasses, and 8 cups flour sifted with 1 level teaspoon soda and * teaspoon salt. Add grated peel and juice 1 lemon, i a grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon cinnamon	and $ teaspoon
su- cloves. Bake in n square loaf about one hour. A moderate oven is required.
Delicious Chocolate Loaf—Beat 1 cup thick sweet cream with i cup sugar. Add 3 cups flour sifted with 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, and & teaspoon salt. Add 3 squares grated chocolate and another * cup cream. Mix in 1 teaspoon vanilla and fold in the stiffly beaten whites of 4 eggs. Bake in a loaf and ice with boiled icing. Half a cup of blanched shredded almonds may bo added.
tho new second
they are questionable if ever there was war whore
ngara Falls,
not j work all finished early in September When completed, it will give Grand Trunk a continuous track line from Montreal to Niagara
Falls.
In Michigan and Indiana, thing over 100 miles of new second
track and grade revision is in prograde reduction
thc
double
fre-
Glass is an invention upon which prides himself greatly. Nature a glass-maker long before the stood upright on this
some-
between the layers
BLEEDING BY BOWSHOT.
That all diseases can be cured by bleeding is still firmly believed by several savage tribes, and especially by the Papua negroes. When one of their physicians becomes convinced that it is necessary i.o bleed a patient, ho goes several feet in front of him and then, drawing his bow, ho fits a sharp pointed arrow to it, and after a careful aim fires thc arrow into the vefn which ho desires to open. The arrow, it Is said, invariably goes straight to the mark, and the thorn or splinter of glass with which it is tipped does the work as successfully as a lancet. Moreover, tho patients never show tho slightest fear, since they are convinced that from thc moment the arrow pierces their veins they will begin to recover.
man
was
The heavy
gross	.	,	.
work between Charlotte and Lansing is being done by thc company; four large modern steam shovels and ten work trains, and a large force of
at present engaged in this Tho lighter work is being
first man earth. Vast cliffs of obsidian, which is a perfect natural glass, exist in Iceland, Spain, Italy, Sardinia, and almost every locality in which vol-havo been at work. It resembles the glass of which portcr-
Amother form of mica, which has the
over hot water until thick
was turned last
men are
...HHH
done by contract.
Thc company is also erecting hand-
brick and stone stations
canoes
open up n
ment in New Ontario.
The latent advice from British Columbia. is to the efiect that thc Kov-ernment has revised its rail wax bill, eliminating its land grants entirely, and merely granting cash subsidies of from $4.000 to $5,000 a mile. This refers to the Coast, Kootenay & Yellow Head Pass Railway, tho
Coast Kootenay
%
bottles arc m natural glass i advantage oxer ordinary glass that it will stand gçeet heat. It is dug out of the grp&rtd, and needs nothing but splitting to bo made use
of at once.
A general with tho rcady-nuido products of tho
The bulbs of tho
Mr. Balfour
some new at Flint, Durand, Lansing and Pontiac.
mans indicate thc complete renunciation on the part of the Boers of thc real objects for which the war was fought, the independence of thc Transvaal and Orange River Republics and the right to determine who should be citizens of these republics and who should share in their governments. For England there was besides the broader object of establishing absolutely the British
premacy In South Africa. For the sake of retaining their independence and of retaining in their own land their power over strangers in nice, language, religion and customs the Boers risked their all. After a fight that has excited the admiration of the whole world, they have been beaten and must stand the consequences
come British colonies to bo ruled bÿ British administrators; their land is open to any one who chooses to enter it under the protection of British law; neither they nor any power to which they might wish to turn can dispute British supremacy south of tho Zambesi.
WORK ON THE CANADIAN PACIFIC.
The Canadian Pacific has no less than fourteen extensions in hand.
The West Selkirk extension to Winnipeg beach will be completed at the end of the present month. Tho "beach" is a new watering place on the lake, •which is becoming very popular with tho people of Wiiini-
store could be stocked
world
plant
Porto Rico soap-plant provide aoftf. These, when rubbed on a wet cloth, make a fine lather, with thc scent of Old Brown Windsor. The vegetable tallow-tree grows in Algeria, Suma-
its seed needs with a clear.
Vancouver and
ITom Vancouver to Mid-
Company. —
way $4,500 per mile is allowed, and the same sum is set apart for a belt road from Vancouver via New West-
vides fresh rolls, which only want baking to equal those made from wheat-flour.
KING AND THE CONVICTS.
A report of a specially interesting incident in connection with the King’s visit to Portland Prison has leaked out. So delighted was one of a party of convicts at the flight of His Majesty that, setting at defiance all prison rules, he shouted, “Three cheers for the King." Tho cheers wero with great heartiness who smilingly acknowledged this surprising outburst of loyalty, considerately ordered in recognition thereof that each convict should have on
tho	bhhmm
of "sweets" for dinner. This, which consisted of half & pound of pudding and two ounces of golden syrup, was duly served and was much appreciated
peg
Tho Forrest extension, from Forrest, on the Great Northwest Central Railway, westward, a distance of 4 2 miles, is to* open up a new agricultural and wheat growing bell. Tho grading is practically completed, 20 miles of track laid and the balance well in hand.
Tho Wellwood extension to Brook-dale, a distance of 20 miles, is a’so through a
Fraser
couver and Victoria, "he Northern is subsidized to the extent of $5 000 o mile on condition that the head office for the Pacific Division Is located at Victoria.
Not onlv have the people of Manitoba and British Columbia connection with the Atlantic and tho Pa-
¦ a line projected
TEACHING THE YOUNG IDEA
little thing he is, Rooney !" said the district iho patted the child's
given by the convicts
His Majesty,
What a nice
Mrs
Their republics have bo-
th.have will tup the Hudson a Hay outlets to the adjoining
cific, which
and three	-I
Republic by the Vancouver X ictona
and Eastern, at Penticton, H. C., by
tho "Soo" road at Portal, and by
the Great Northern and Northern
Pacific at Portal. There are rumors
of the Great Northern building its
way into Vancouver and tapping
that country by way of Kootenay.
visitor, as grubby check
"Yis, mim, turned the proud mother.
'This is the time when our ideas all formed, Mrs. Rooney," continued the lady visitor
our characters are
moulded by what goes on around vs. But if we have good parents, who to bring us up in tho proper wo escape the evil influence of
new agricultural coun-
try.
The Wasksds extension, from Was-kada, the present end of the Waskada branch, westward, a distance of 20 miles, and of which the grading is practically completed, is to top another newly settled agricultural district.
SNOW FLAKE EXTENSION.
Thc Snow Flake extension, from Snow Flake, the present end of the track, a distance of 10 miles southeasterly, to Moberly.
The Yorkton extension, from York-ton, thc present terminus of thc Manitoba and Northwestern Railway, northwesterly, ft distance of 33 miles, the grading of which is now under way.
Pleasant Hills extension, from some point on the main line northeasterly, a distance of 100 miles, is to open up thc new ranching country ,	,
From Lauder branch, to Glcnboro, a distance of 70 miles, of which grading has been
commenced.
From Lauder to tho western boundary of Manitoba, a distance of 34 miles, tho grading of which has been commenced.
From Osborne to Pembina station, southwesterly, a uiiles, grading
t t
he is that same," re-
Sunday a special
course
are
STRAWBERRIES.
That the strawberry is best when fresh "goes without saying," and yet when properly put up, either calmed, preserved or made into jam, wo find it delicious in midwinter.
For any purpose whatever, the berries should be fresh and perfect, and should Lo daintily handled, so as not to crush them. They should be ripe, but not over-ripe, firm and sound. If you are fortunate enough to haxe your own fruit, don't wait until the last picking for tho fruit you put up.
For canning, allow half as much sugar as you have fruit. A good way to arrive at thc right proportion Ifl to put the fruit in a preserving kettle and let stand on tho back of the stove or on an asbestos mat until thoroughly scalded ; then measure, and to each two measures allow one measure of sugar. Be careful that the fruit does not scorch ; it will down burn easily. After the sugar is added, leave on the stove, until tho sugar is thoroughly dissolved, bring to the boiling point and can immediately. No water is used, the Juice of the fruit being sufficient.
When wo
4
children
are

The concessions made in the final capitulation arc such as any civilized nation must have made under
That the Boer
try
THE KING’S ARMOUR
wa>
bad surroundings. And I am afraid that some of thc people in this neighborhood arc not very good."
Mrs. Rooney remained silent. Tho visitor coughed, and went on.
"Of course, you arc bringing him up properly, and showing him what he is to do when he grows up ?"
"Av course, mim !" answered Mrs. Roonov, confidently WÊ	1
only last night Oi hild him up to the windy to watch his fayther bate a p’licemin in the strate !"
In the King's Armoury, which for has undergone thorough ex-
COLD AND CONSUMPTION
the circumstances leaders should have been reluctant
a year
amination and revision, it is inter-ting to nolo that, although there swords of greater age, there arc suits of mail of a date earlier than the Tudor period. One set of is known to have been worn
Dr. Bunge, a Russian medical man, to establish a sanitorium
to accept them save at the last extremity is comprehensible; if British officials have hesitated to offer them sooner or to comprehend their necessity, it ib a mark of incredible blind-
propo.se»
for consumptives in the Polar ro-Ho has observed that mem-
es
are
gions
bets of exploration parties returning from the Polar regions are always in perfect health, owing to the purity of the air and complete absence of all harmful microbes. In tho Polar regions bronchitis, laryngitis, influenza, and other contagious diseases are unknown.
no
armour m	mu
by Henry \rIlL; another piece of
harness is identified as having |	¦
longed to Charles I. ; whfle a third suit is notable ns having been the armour of Henry, Prince of Wales Curiously enough, all these coats of mail were made in thc Germany of their time, mo that "made in Ger-¦ ¦’ is, after all, no new phrase.
Why, It was
Fe-
nces.
Thc combatants are to be restored to their homes; the Dutch ^language
where necessary; the Boers are to retain their rifles, for the country is a frontier country that has to con tend with black savages and with wild beasts; the Cepe rebels who Joined their Boer countrymen are'to be tried by tho civil tribunals and not by court-martial. That military occupation shall cease ns soon as possible is more ardently wished in England itself then even in South
Afri**.
used in schools and courts

on the Souris
FARMERS’ TROUBLES
The Victorian farmers lost many rows through thc rabbits eating all thc grass ; now they are losing more cows through the cows eating the rabbits. The farmers poisoned the rabbitts with phosphoilsed wheat ; the cows ate the dc*ft bodies an* consequently died*
many
NO HELP FROM HER
said
Miss Friable—Ellen, love,
Mr. Gallagher, timidly, "I
FINANCIAL EFFORT.
the church garden-
young have lost my heart."
"I’m sorry I can't help you, Mr. Gallagher," replied tho maiden, not
I haven't found it."

Jack—"Mas	¦
party a success ?"
Julia—"Well, 1 worked hard cn-¦* ate ice cream with every mun on the grounds."
distance of 3(5 commenced. These
ough; I young I
unkindly,

###PAGE###4###



THE EQUITY.
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
SMART & SMITH
MASSBY-HARRIS
Sylvester'ïohinery! Seasonable
Goods..............
SHAWVILLE
SHAWV1LLE, JUNE 25, 1902.
WARE-ROOMS

Vlso a stock of
Engineers oftheC.P.U. were engaged last week in laying out a siding at Davidson's Fort Voulonge Mills. In an interview with an Ottawa reporter last Thursday, Mr. V. W. Spencer, general manager of the F.astern division is reported to have stated that surveyors are at present at work on three projected lines, from points on the Pontiac railway to connect with the main line of the V P. R. ; that such connection will be made either at or near Renfrew, t’obden or Pembroke, and a decision as to which route is to be chosen, will be made in the near future.

ADAMS' WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES. DOWSKLL'S WASHERS. WRINGERS and LE ADER CHURNS.
PREPARE FOR THE HAY HARVEST.
The success of the Massey-Harris Mower is due to its possessing the following special advantages:
First of all—Quality.
Folding Bar, operated automatically by coil spring.
Adjustible Whiffletrees.
Largest range of Tilt of any Mower made.
A wide Hako with a Frame that will not sag.
Made in following sizes :
Tooth
30 Tooth—10 ft. 0 in. wide 34 Tooth—1- feet wide.
Barbed Wire Field Hoes Paris Green Shovels, &c
Everything in Builders' Supplies including Paints.
*
Ware-rooms next door to D. Moline's shop
1
A Call Solicited.

w
S»
5
R. J. HAMILTON.
This intelligence leads us to the con | P. S. Hay Forks elusion that the reporter must have got matters mixed up a little in mentioning Renfrew as a possible point of connection. If, as is generally understood, the principal object in acquiring the Pontiac road is the shortening of the C. P. R transcontinental line, that object could certainly not be attained by tapping the main line so far east as Renfrew. Another report is current that engineer* are working from Clmlk River eastward, which if true will he encouraging to the people of the western end of the county,
who we observe have set the machinery I M'ason l>* dîHij, health permitting, of the County Council in motion in sup- . Tickms : For the season $10, payable at port of the ex tent ion of the existing line, [imv °/ >,l’v‘vv " il*‘ l'1	vl n J ul*V.
via Ferguson's Point in t he Township of |	°"
Sheen. The adoption of this route would undoubtedly best serve the interests of the County of Pontiac as a whole, and would remove the long standing grievance of those who have been contributing for railway facilities which have been unjustly denied to them. The V. P. U.,
how ever, it may he taken for granted, I All well disposed persons are expected, will select the route which will serve and it is their duty, to assist the Game their own interests best, notwithstanding Warden in protecting the deer and moose what people may think or say. The 'hiving dose season.
gening «ft,,iin, ,
impoitaut consideration with the Com-1 ness to those harmless and beautiful aui pan, and in order to carry out that mais. All that is necessary is to drop a scheme in the most advantageous wav, line saying when and where the doer or the question of expense will"' not cut*a mo,osf WtT hunted, molested or killed.
' ThirpR ' Sr-,	,	}r ......... ~
1 tie t. P.K.f it seems to us, is too lug	It Is	better but not necessary, that you I	u.	n	a.	î	y r
a concern, to he swayed or influenced	should	give your name, unless* you wish 1 OU ClOIl	t	O&uCll	US Stflîl(lin<r Still and trying ti) (It) bllSI
&&En8kSSrjsc£ «Msœsss»„„« |	»«» «owy ». a rep«t»«»« jUiy n ;
posing such can be obtained in behalf „f-LeonfldentiaL All,1^"'^i.n- U(, the western extension through the county	Provincial tiamc Warden
as herein outlined, unless that route	v. S.-Aitiele 1403a of the Came Laws,
commends itselt to the engmeer-m-chief important to whom it may concern, reads as the best \\ hi le our earnest hope is as follows :
that the county will he fairly dealt with “ No person ow ning, having or harhor-by our new railway masters, we can only in* a,n>' dog accustomed to hunt and pur-
K-r-fr.** f «'»¦ «	«
istmg uncertaint) gnea place to reality ited by deer, l>etween the first day of No in some form or another.	I vein her of one year and the twentieth of
Surprise is being expressed in England *lty of a tine of at least $5.00 and not ex
ÔnÜ6 nUBet»07„f it''? Wh h”." 'Tlf CAnygono’ m«v. without incurring any inng. Between the Lugherb and the responsibility, kill any such dog found
(. ape rebels who have teen captured or running at large, hunting or coursing in
come in there it reason to think that the such locality between theabove mentioned
force the soldiers were fighting w..s not | dates. 1 Ed. VII, 0. 12, s. 4.
much under 80,000 men. And most of
the arm-chair strategists’ criticism of the
early days was based on the idea that the
army was only fating 50,000
men.

JUBILEE CHIMES ^Iso
No. 32335, A. T. E.
I
Standard Bred aqd Registered.
7m
Sired by HAWLEY GIMMES N Time. 2.10. Dam, Velveteen ; time 2.111 l»v (Renew Goldust, No. 5<23.
!> ft G in. wide
Juhillee Fhimi s will stand for the service of Marcs at Shaw ville during the
MACFARLANE BROS.
L. DUMAS,
\t McGuire's Hotel,
Shnw ville
SMART & SMITH.
1902
1902
A N2WLY REBUILT MILL !
Deer and IVjoose.
CLARENDON ^	m A„ „„„
^FURNITURE.
Remember that we are adding to our reputation ufacturers of High Git aim: Flock.
as man-
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
o. sir
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stock of‘Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Piucfs Eight.
t
JAMES WILSON.
o ———
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
cCORMXCK MOWERS

Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
ARE BUILT RIGHT
Get the McCormick
NOTICE.
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR

pRESH ARRIVALS
» 7 MI
or 00,000 Thoroughbred Ayrshire Bull, reg
No. 11504. Best animal of the bred
Lstereri
IHHfHIHHpHHI in
county. Service fee $1.00 for one and reduced rates for more.

1
North	hi» bppn n'^t vn^'Hu-
’ a‘e i i h I- a of i a mem be e by d ,.l . In 1800, Dunl *p, C n creative, defeated Thomas Murray, who h*d mat for th» Riding from 1870, by 80 r.-ajo ify. He died, and Birr, Liberal, was returned b> acclamation
IN
GEORGE WALSH.
Clarendon Front
FACTORY
Tenders Wanted.



. ,	, Tencers for drawing cheese from the
l“en Birr, was deretted Lilly Cheese Factory to the Railway by A. T. White. Conservative, who died Station, Shaw ville, will be received by two years after Lii election. Mr. Munro t,ie undersigned up to noon on Friday
&&&&*
^hit#, jr , he 18 claimed by deith.
(Formerly McCredie & tjodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
RUN LIGHT.
AT THE

I
(7} ash Store,
STARK’S
CORNERS.
Big 4 Mower, 6 or 7 foot cut
Vertical Lift Mower 4| or 5 “ Little 4 (1-horse) 3| or 4 ¦'
and it will get the hay.
/
Shaw ville, June 16. 1902
8 feet 20 Teeth
8	feet 20 “
9	feet 23 44 0 feet 29 44
10 feet 20 Teeth 10 feet 32	44
12 feet 10	“
Mr. J. P. Whitney has summoned a HOUSC ailtl Lût fOf Sale.
meeting of the Conservtive Association	____
[01. ^ ednesday, June 25. It The undersigned offers for sale hi.s Mill 1)0 held in Victoria Hall, Toronto. House and Lot, situated on Pickanock < )n the preceding day the executive of Street, Shnwx’ille (near the railway track.) the province will meet in the Mail and Tenus made known on application.
the King’s coronation than in conferring to defeat the machinations by which it was sought to continue the rule of the man who has been condemned by
jority of upwards of 7,000.—Ottawa I Kitchei.cr delivered a farewell speech at Citizen.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP • TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN. T II E PUBLIC MAY RELY OX GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
All Steel, Self-Dump,
EF Repairs on hand.
C. A HOWARD - AGENT - SHAWVILLE.
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
Kitchener Says Good-bye
Public^lotice.
All manner of persons, who now owe School or municipal taxes in the townshi
Tenders Wanted.
Johannesburg, June 19-Central Lord
a ma
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings. Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
, M.uitob^fir.t crop bullet^ fir ,h^	g,	«&. wM	th^Shed ai: Scfûiol N VlO. * and TtouTÏ,
more acres in wheat would mean twenty tbdr Deed** “AQ W^° June 2ntM902.^	"	!	By order,'H. MATHESON,
the new land is not all under wheat, nor ,^?r? Kitchener, rep y.ng, said the army
possibly half, but the value is there all bad done P; best to do its duty. He It has been evident for several days the same. The pol.tical question is Prai?ed Johannesburg for the pait its that the Spooner substitute would com-whether this great promise of harvest is men had played in the war. The regulars, mand the votes of a majority ff the senate.
due to the Liberal government of the bolh °™ c 8 and men’ admiring the The Panama rou e was considered more The Ottawa, Northern and Western -	-	Johannesburg corp«, which has stood desirable by the senate than the Nicara- Company and the Pontiac Pacific Junction
staunch in danger, and hold what they gua rout?. The only question left open	.n?ake application
had gain d. They had tasted the salt of is the title to the property, and that the and CamUa in OtUw^nf life, and its savor would never leave chem. president will determine if the house twenty-ninth day of August A. I). ipfw They should keep their horses and rifles should adopt the senate's amendment to for the sanction ’ of His Excellency s,	. 1n v. , ready, and their bodies physically fit, but its bill.	Governor in Council of an agreement* of
»va.l to .are hi. hfe. Tne Queen, dostor. tute ,n ,18et of C0D,iderab!e importance.	ASD MADHMTS-	Secretary of ti.e Ottawa.
the generals	the
army of 1870.
SILAS YOUNG.
ROBERT G. HODCINS.
Here it is ! The Place
NOTICE.
0 HAW VI LIE’S
NEW
Dominion or to the Conservative govern ment of Mmitoba.
SASH and DOOR
J
King of Saxony Dead
the
Dresden,
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
;
¦t
NOTICE Ir .	, .
To whom it may Concern I tfiVGtrOUghing,
Roofing and
Tuaregs charged to within thirty paces counts, are hereby notified that they are	VI	•	¦
Jra
majority of 8 votes, adopting the Spooner wsa captured. The lojses of the 1' rench , ^	DMGAQ
J #	'	1 are not mentioned.	I - -¦	---^-----? I	fUiUGa.
DALE BROS
Sash,
v
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
To Build Panama Canal
South Africa was cheap in Comparison.
IT HAS COST $170,000,000 SO FAR TO
ANNEX PHILIPPINES.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
—	| substitute for the Hepburn Nicarag
Washington, June 30.—Secretary Root canal bill, tue vote being 42 to 34. After I	•	"	I The body of a young woman, sawed
has made answer to the senate resolution two amendments to the measure had Hat factory Evened —New York, and chopped up into a dozm pices, was of April 17, calling for informttbn as to been adopted, one providing for a com- June 19.—Fire late to night destroyed found in sn illy in the Lambeth district, the cost of the war in the Philippines, mission to supervise the construction of Begs hat factory at Orange, N.J., The London, Ejg. It had apparently been Reports from the various bureau offices the cacal and the other providing for the lost is estimated at $225,000. Em I baked or boiled. Scalp had been taken were submitted on the cost of the war, | issuance of $130,000,000 of 2 per cent, ployeea to the number of 700 will be I off, and the hands, feet and intestines including outstanding obligations, show- gold bonds to raise money with which to thrown out of work. The factory was! were missing. It has been impossible to mg that the total up to date is $170 326,-1 instruct the waterway, it was passed by | one of the largest plants of the kind in identify the remains as the woman's face
tie United States.	I was practically disrryed.
ua
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future in crease in business.
¦3
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
tofcirfflC
|»7 to 6
686

L

###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Men’s Shirts, Ladies’ Blouses, etc., take a finer and more lasting finish— with less ironing — when Bcq Starch is used.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT NHAWVILLB, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—41.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
tm* No paper stopped until nil arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
County Pontiac 3 Largest Ware-Rooms.
Seville's Greatest Store.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
The Kind tfjat Gets all % Cream
The Improved
U. S.
Cream Separator
4
*
I9VSI
Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays to close at 6.
:o:

ADVERTISING RATES:
Tyigal advertising, eight rent# per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $4.00 per year.
Ix>cal announcements Inserted at the rate of H cents per line for first insertion and f. cents for subsequent Insertions
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instruction* accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 Ished free of charge. Obituary poetry th cents per Hue.
Unusually Good Values for balance of June !
StarcH
Requires no boiling — Iron cannot stick to the linen with BEE STARCH.
rprr A set of three Patent Flat * " l It IE. Irons, nlckelled, in exchange for loo Bee Brand coupons. —Save them,
BEE STARCH CO., MONTREAL »
roe

We have planned big surprises for our friends by giving them of our best goods at prices about the lowest that have been reached this season for equal quality and style.

* X.
JOB PRINTING.
- All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed.' Order# by mail promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
RECEIVED COLD IVJEDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
Business Cards.
w. B CRAWFORD,
Wholesale Agent, Shawvllle#
READ:
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
; :	N. Y., last summer. : :
Cottons at 5 Cts.
Straw Hats.
MEDICAL.
DR. WCHTON. i CEO. HYNES,
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :	'	'
1-00 yards fine unbleached, factory or grey cotton, made from round, even thread, good weight. Special, 5c. yd. \
Balance of Straw Hats all reduced. A complete clearance Is the order, so expect big bargains.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the “ U. S.”—the best machine made—at our warerooms.
I furniture dealer and
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.:	PR|NJS I
MAIN ST., EAST.
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons. Telephone in ofllee.
A. SMILEY.
MUSLINS !
LAWNS !
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
•)
F. T. M. C.
Grad ate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate | A large, well-selected and varied stock of „f Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
Orricx and Bssmtsci : J. II Arumtkonc's Horse,
MAIN STREET • - SHAWVILLE.
See our Prints at Sets See our Muslins at 10c. See our Lawns at 12c.
J. F. Gronau s,
Ladysmith,
Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
That’s the way we’re going to distribute wash goods all this week. “ What next ?”
Tempting Prices these.
IN UNDERTAKING
LEGAL.
I also keep a complete stock of i? ancrai Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
D. LECUERRIER,
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday. Thursday and Friday of every week. Office at K. McC. Ritchie’s resilience.
Headquarters for
District and country. I Highest Price paid here for Wool
Butter and Eggs.
’ UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
BOOBBEAÜ BAINVILLE, L. L. L
'I
Chapei u will hold a celebration on Dominion day.
R v. Father Mercer, a South Dakota priest, was drown*d i i the Red River tear Emerson.
Two men were killed by the coll ipse of a railway bridge at II unite, Man , and
Oftbc ! Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks | e'X others were i jured.
?	St., Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY. I ihe aged and ir.fr u
- tin Presbyterian Church.
H n. I*. White's large barn andsplend d f I outbuildings #t Pembroke were destr ye J by 6re oa Saturday 14th.
For the port n of the old upper Cun-aii C dlege grounds that has been fold,
$ 103,00) n«s i o u i w jived by T rvuti
Vn.vdraiiy.
BRYSON,
ADVOCATE
# #
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
Wm. gamble,
G.F.HODGINS
ADVOCATE, A©.,
Lord Strathcona kai given $20.000 to
minister»’ fund of
CEO. C. WRIGHT
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC ,
r/) ;sx°:
/ / i Good Bargains now going
J. F. GE0NAU • -	- • LADYSMITH.
OF THB PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
in all Winter Goods.
Trust Building-
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1821.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.

(LONDON)
The Clfrgm S ei! Ri 1 W »rlt« at Ssu't S:e. iM re hsvi plenty nf # rd« r» aud wid increase ins ci,.ajtty to 000 toi.» a day at oi c *.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court. I A heavy snowstorm Mi at M diltburg. Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, C ipe Colony, for the tna* time in sixteen Mortgages, etc.,executed legally and satis- yeirs. Trains were b o:kedand telegraph factorlly.	wires were down.
W. W. IRELAND,
Fishing Nets
INDIA PÂLE ALE
in
!
I
The barley and lions used are the finest that money can secure. It is a prime favori t.
12 MEDALS—14 DIPLOMAS.
For Agency, addrejs 3 St. Pctor Street, QUEBEC.
. « • . 3*ud • • • •
Mui.ro Dree. i« tho name of a new firm who will assume the mason con'rac" woik for the C. P. It. which was awarded to tho late J. W. Munro. Their heed-quarters will be at North Bay.
kel by »n acculent m Bnnth a null yard the Pre,byt„ian Church.	.her. luncheon was aerved. At four
tE,EEE5rr .11	!	mcdougall & ouzhbb,
EBBSStiJE5	1	^ : Hardware Merchants, • -
of any kind taken and disposed of by publie n*tory waa passed in the Senate at left him by will by the late J. A. Burgess,
irai6 co n d u cl eifa» t °8 h » w v* îfe * ô n c e *» | Washington.	I of the junction town,
month. A variety of articles always on hand for sale; Office :
QUE.
SHAWVILLE - -
Fishing Tackle
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY FOR THE
NOTARY PUBLI
RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVINGS CO.,OK ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON,
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday of every week.
:o:
QUE.
of all kinds.
J. J. TURNER,
Sussex St. Ottawa.
rttum to Ottawa for a short time before | ¦ going to their future home in Shawville, where they will receive their friends after July 18th.
Among these who witnessed the wedding were Rev. H.Stonvge Boyle of Christ chutch cathedral, Montreal; Mr.
_	...	,	,,	, George Lothian and Miss Richards of
Bert Allen, the eleven year old eon of Bristol ;Mis«MacN»ughton ofHuntingdi n,
m$mm	:
and was instantly killed. He had re- Rev. Ernest W. B. Richarda, B. A. of mantel clock from the Ever Ready Circle 0f GROCERIES people can rely on get
sided in Pembroke for several years past Douglas, sod Rev R. J. W. Turley, of the Kina's Daughters of which she
and was highly respected.	B. A., of Combermere, were ordained to *aa * member. —Ottawa Journal.
- eil m.	r, -, the Anglican priesthood Wednesday
Quebec, June 1U.—The City Council a morni lt Christ Church Cathedral,
few evenings ago adopted » resolution yttowa, by the Lord Bishop of Ottawa, imposing a tax of $300 on certain commercial travellers. This tax does not in any wsy affect the commercial travellers doing business with the local trade, but was imposed so as to reach certain drum-,
GDâUnzn î r n I mer> who direct Wl*h l^e consumer, ull AW uLLbj y i a number of whom frequently visit this city
I

THE NEW GROCERY
II
The Supreme Court refused the sppli Sunday base ball games in Hull will cation of Mr. T. C. R >binette, K. C., not likely be continued this season The Toronto, for leave to appeal from the de- R. C. Clergy bving much opposed to them, ciaion by the Ontario Court of Appeals j as well as the civil authorities, in the case of Fred. Lee Rice, convicted of murder in Toronto.

Shawville, Que.
-AND-
MEAT SHOP.
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
I
I
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
k JEWELLER
R .	KEEPS
Ba A SELECT STOCK OF
¦	WATCHES,
|B| CLOCKS,
¦	JEWELLER T.
B	SILVERWARE
H	dkc. Ac.
-A N D-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION tYS.
Summer Time Card.
ting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspect our
5fm
0. N. AND W. RAILWAY.
¦f Train	No.	101 leaves Ottawa 5.05 PM.
+ Train	No.	102 arrives	“	8.25	A.M.
o Train	No.	100 leaves	u	7.15 A M.
o Train	No.	104 arrives	44	6.00	P.M.
§ Train No.	105 leaves	44	1.30	A M.
8 Train No.	106 arrives	"	8.00	P.M.
-r -r Train No.	107 leaves	“	9.30	A M
-r t Train No.	106 arrives	“	0.45	P.M.
stock.
4 Lives Lost by Landslide.
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
m
m
WHOLE FAMILY PERISH IN BBLLECHA98E.
MacNaughton—Payne.
St. Valier, Que , June 18.-A sad me | A Call «elicited, cident happened yesterday morning in the pariah of St Valier, county of Belle chaase, a landslide of considerable extent
ss«a»t tins ««I
Bay Time! : "II,. ...1 <•- the B So., ol Moalrciil, br. thetul tb.giaom. .he laodilide eu »u«d b, tb, bT.h "JÜSS! J.7did ?L..!é£
smtassrü ¦-1-1:ra.“-7.h...u
in town on Monday night, completed aba wore a while chiffon hat and carried 1	*	not 10 b,âœe*
arrangements and commenced work ; white rosea. The bridesmaid warn similarly
north-east of the town, near Trout Lake attired, with a hat of pink and white riere, St. Vincent, may that at the west- There is great beauty in going through on Wednesday. It ia expected that Mr chiffon and a hoquet of pink roeea. After ern base a subsidence to a depth of one life without anxiety or fear. Half our Furlong will push the work forward with leaving the church, to tho sound of the hundred feet have oveurred for an area of fears are baseless, and the other half distil due speed.	' | “Wedding March ” from Lohengrin, the a square mile.	& creditable.—B *yce.
Repairing-
? Speciality:
DOMINION CHURCH THE SCENE OF A
PEE"*/ WEDDING,
H. A. HODCINS.
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
| [+ Train No. 100 leaves Ottaw a 5.10 P.M.
9.25 A.M. 6.45 A M. 4.35 P.M.

Fatal Street Car Accident
f,
+ Train No. 110 arrives 14
LO.E
Mo. 876.
V
*	Train No. Ill leaves “
•	Train No. 112 arrives 44
I
L.B.C.
Visiting brethren cor dlally Invited.
r Sunday only.
Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays only.
J. A. Cowan, RS.
R. W. Ho
ins, C. R.
For tickets or further information apply to station agent or GEO. DUNCAN,
Dist. Pass. Agent,
.	42 Sparks St.,
Ottawa. Ont.
•if
TT AW VILLE
HAVING PARLOR,
JOIJN SMITfi, Proprietor.
s
P. W. RESSEMAN,
Cen. Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. R.)
OTTAWA, Oat.
Scientiste who have visited La Souf-
The spot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, J gL A Clean Shavi? *
Muaaoline, the notorious Italian brigand has been sentenced to imprisonment for life.
? i
Your Turn next.


###PAGE###6###
â

THE SALADA TEA COMPANY
smmmssîmwm
only, for the battle la to be a royal one.
Avounil the arena Is a «mail wall of boards for the hunted chulos to leap over when pursued by the bull, and to protect the spectators In case the maddened animal should plunge over this ; Just a little way beyond la ft sturdy barrier as high as a man's head.
Music sounds upon the air, and a military band dashes off some popular airs that make the pulse beat quicker. The scene Is a gay one, not like a gathering In our land, where men dress In black or gray. Here (he natives appear In gaudy colours, men as well as women, and the effect of this, added to by the uniforms of hundreds of soldiers, Is to form a scene which for gay holiday appearance we never see off the opera stage.
" Look yonder, senor, we are favoured to-day," and Don Carlos points across to the left, where scats are reserved for royalty.
A party Is Just settling down, some of them officers In high state, and among others Jack becomes interested In those who wear the peculiar red fez of the Turk.
¦

*
DOCTORJACK

*** tor mil fittings of successful business	sneetod at the Hm‘>N”	j t	rocojr_	UP to the year 1898 Ceylon prohouses to-day, this aesthetic note is	u year or two	Snlmln ten	ducod nothing but its delicious hindi
I'urlns the last live	nlre the merit*	SalaUa tea.	^ ,mt sinc# thc|1 lt hu, bee.
years many fine business establish- and the favoi la	business growing the most excellent greet
ment a haxe been opened in Toronto	hands of ic	P" ’	Com nan v	tens that the world hus hitherto on-
with nil the conveniences In wuro- grew, until he * a n .	' t o* joyed. Such wonderful progrès» liai
housing and appointments that mo- had to take huge I -	been made with these as that bhi
and tusto could command. Thene I Vont mum- cii* .	• '	0i,. j Snlndn Company holiovo that thq> ,
wi'lcndhl model buildings are still	passed and thei <	*nf	thond-	will entirely displace Japans##
being erected, and to-day wo present Hged them to a »soi » I »	, .» greens, just as their black tea luu
readers with n picture of the	joining warehouse.	* ‘	, * ^	displaced all China black tea ii
latest prominent business house| business grow and the firm puirrhmch\
which hus attracted Ptio attention of the warehouse. nt	,c
¦¦Ipass which then consisted of n nvc-stoiey
........ armera
*§
*

By ST. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Captain Tom,
ML>s Caprice,” Etc
*
tho
Baron Sam," “Mils
?» «
» w
Author of “Doctor Jack's Wife,
Pauline of New York,
*
M #«
*



very apparent
Jack pushes hts cap from him, and
" 1 thought his actions strange, but
believed he had simply been drinking proceeds to roll a vlgarette-he be a lin le too much of your native liquor. 1 levee in the old adage that Truth to tell, the fellow had been so In Rome do as the Romans do
ishlngly smart that 1 forgave Ills in Spain the cigarette is everywhero-
uhî the people live on tobsooo, and as a too writer expresses It very neatly
might reasonably look for the spontaneous growth of the weed upon a Spaniard's grave did he not prefer to be hermetically sealed up above the
when
and
/
Jk
iie.\
as: I
little shortcomings. We watched g I pry dunce, and when it became warm for my American blood 1 stepped out.
" Francisco declared lie had another
one
out
The drinker of Japan toi has only to taste these teas one#
in order to be convinced of tholr eu*
Unlike
the thousands of people who up and down Yongo street every day. This huge, new six-storey and, became too
sight for me, and led me along a gloomy street that ran into the Valle ground
Here we were attacked Don Carlos Castelina follows suit,
and the two arise from the table. Already out upon the street can be
heard the excitement that heralds In That stout man with the decorations
Japan teas
"Who are they?" he asks—" the Turks, I mean ?"
San Pablo
by a clique of rascals, to make a long story short, and 1 realized that my
guide had aold me to a lot of bandits.
Luckily 1 am always armed, and my the day of the great bull-fight. Others on his breast Is Abdallah Pasha-he
long experience with danger has taught have been known In the past, but the won his medals In the late affair with
l gave management have Spent money lav- the Russians
ishly to make this affair the most not- his acquaintance
One Is the Turkish ambassador
4
;
Zx
I have the honour of
me the art of self-defence them more than they bargained for aril laid several of them bleeding on Able of the decade
the ground, receiving in return a tre- pouring into Madrid for a week. Jack | range it later mendous blow from the flat of a ma
chete on the head that would have tels near the 1 uerta del Sol, or central cut me to the chin had the edge been plaza, full, and has been obliged to
seek quarters farther away, hut money the will do almost anything in this world, alquazila, or police, were coming, and and he lias had no reason to feel sorry my assailants tied
follow, for 1 felt an almost insane do
If you should de People have been sire an introduction, senor, I can ar

i ;
r
Evans has found the five principal ho-
(To lie Continued)
?
n
»

!
<
turned properly.
" Then a cry was raised that
a

i
*1
I
V
i
1 thought 1 would because of his being crowded out.
two strange friends saunter out

/ 3

19V
*
i
ij
a
/ !


side to view the revne. Banners are
sire to lay hands on that villain of a Francisco, but my head began to swim, 1 clutched at a railing for support. and crashed against the door of a house.
" My senses must have left me immediately, for I knew no more until I opened my eyes in a chamber, and found a woman dressed in sombre
She did not
0J4
$
9*4»
WÊt
(SAW
living, and the bustle and noise make the American think the occasion is what the glorious Fourth represents to his native countrymen.
Every one seems In his best clothes, ^oultl ho received the streets present an animated ap* I Wiis "Noe.1
pearance, and men and women all Eonl Lisle never remembered nil head in one direction, where lies the idetails of that scene. Daisy’s monster pavilion, the arena of many tears and sobs; her mingled joy and r. bloodv battle between Taurus and sorrow; her grief for the unhappy
girl who had betrayed her; her unJack is surprised at the tremendous ' availing regret that her father had Interest the populace of Madrid takes not known tlu* truth before he died. In the affair. It Is equal to the groat- Her only comfort was that be Invest championship game of baseball he ed her so well, and had died in her ever attended, more so because the arms, capacity of the pavilion is greater, and , "It was strange even those who do not go don their j "how Lord Lisle loved you holiday attire.
“ Come, we will be late, Don Carlos If half this mob finds an entrance tors of her mother
I
A task lay before him—Uio news had to be told to Daisy and Mrs Wy write

to
i
llo sent to ask if ho
and the answer
%
U
Z I
ft
9
m




Nv

sa»
\

black attending me know 1 had regained mv senses, and 1 lay there some minutes observing You can imagine my surprise

\
<
i-
0
Ids tormentors fn the past
her
when 1 declare that the face of the
K
I
I
%
nun was the face of the peasant girl who sold me the flowers in the mart on the wonderful Ratnbla.
" Then 1 coughed to let her know I wr.s in a sensible state again, at which she hastily dropped her heavy vail, as if desirous that 1 should not see her countenance. I was not badly hurt, only stunned, and while my head swum, could get upon my feet, though somewhat tempted to play invalid In order to feel those white hands bathe my brow again with eau de cologne.
“ All she would tell me was that she was Sister Agatha, from the cloister of the Benedictine church of San Pedro, at Gerona, and happened to be visiting this house at the hour 1 fell at tic door in a senseless condition. I knew better—the face 1 had seen had colour In it, which a nun's never has, because they shut themselves away from the health-giving sun. Naturally I have puzzled over several questions since that hour—who Is the beautiful flower girl of the Kambla In Barcelona, what interest does she take in me, for I am convinced in my soul she does, and why should she be going about disguised as a nun ? When I And an opportunity I mean to have these things explained to me, as I am convinced that there is a mystery somewhere."
During the brief recital of this little adventure in the ancient Spanish city. Jack's companion has listened eagerly, almost breathlessly—Indeed, It is evident that he feels more than an ordinary Interest In the narrative. The mention of Jack’s discovery concerning the identity of the nun with the Catalan peasant girl In the flower market causes a light to appear In Don Carlo's eyes, but his natural craftiness enables him to speedily smother this, and when he speaks it Is in a very ordinary way.
B

i
m
•TfJ


I
(
L I
*3
-X
!
said Philip Daisy
i

a
m

nature does speak, after all."
She shed tears over the faded let
1
i
/F
i
FT
üMllJftn
¦
ii*

there will not be standing room in an hour
I never forgot her
and the American plucks his dreamed of her continually, and the
companion by the arm, but the Span
lard coolly takes something out of his j* th ! pockets, which he holds aloft
she said

I
5e
i
face that bends over me in my sleep same that hangs in my dear
there was 1 never
x
» •
os
i
VI

A
7
father s room, l felt
|	" These are the best seats to be had. something strange
l Each is a boletln de sombra. Depend dreamed of this. You must upon it, senor, we will witness this mo Lord Lisle—wo must bury affair in comfort from the shade. I faults jn silence.M
1 7

I
&
vet
i
z\
W/i

w
I
spare
I

i

her
IP

//
I
y

have a friend among the directors. “Justice You will sit next my niece at the S;ij(j phpfp tournament, and there have a chance to make her acquaintance.”
” Your niece at this bloody business,” exclaims the American, and then adds :
tional game
cannot understand such things for one. fail to see how a young lady likes to look upon such slaughter.”
" It is In the blood. I suppose, senor,” mutters Don Carlos, " you shall hear my niece cry ' Viva torn' when the bull chases a cowardly chulo over the fence, and If by rare good luck the beast tosses a wretched banderillero with his gay darts among the audience, those little hands will clap, and
must be done to you," 'and speedily, too.”
Skillful lawyers were engaged; the case was well sifted. Lord Lisle, Daisy, and Mrs. Wyverno went to Deopdale. There nil legal doubt oml-Many there were who swore that the little child brought by the strange lady to Susan Hivers was no other than Daisy. They recognized her. Every shadow of doubt was cleared up. Ixtrd Lisle’s daughter was found at last.
A somewhat garbled statement of the case went abroad, telling that a mistake, now rectified, had been made, leaving everyone who read it quite undecided as to whether the detective who managed the business of the late Lord Lisle was most to blame. No one understood it clearly—it was a nine-days’ wonder, and then died away, some people thinking it os well that the mistake was not discovered until after the death of her who had been "Miss Lisle."
Lord Lisle, with great pomp and
*
5s
%
HI

•>
8
\
ht!
%

L
» *;


%
I

Oh ! I forgot, it is your na- e(, Of course foreigners

§

/
i
4

I

1
»

witli-
basement sandstone building is the erection of the present fine ware- the Ceylon tens arc entirely occupied by the Sa I a da Tea Com- house, which is a credit to the lirai out artificial coloring, pany, near the corner of Yongo and and to the city.	The enterprise shown by the Su-
ivront streets, opposite the Board of In the meantime, the extension of lada Tea Company is not only botio-Trade building. The building is very the business, in Quebec and the Mar- licial to thomsvhoR and to Canada attractive in appearance, and is in ithne Provinces necessitated the oj>- generally, but by bringing the met truth the largest, most modern and cuing of branch warehouses. The j its of the product of one colony to most complete tea warehouse on the first branch office was opened in the attention of the consumer in an continent. The Toronto home of Montreal, under the management of other colony is doing much to wold Sa lada has a frontage of 40 feet ami Mr. (icorgc Mann. Saluda met with the empire together, for the Ceylon a depth of 213 feet, and is a mag- so much favor in tho Lower Pro- tea planter is flctii, blood and bone, ni firent building in every respect, an vince that the branch there soon ! one of ourselves and the merchant adornment to the business section. needed the commodious premises j or manufacturer who bring» about a The history of the Saluda tea bu.d- which it now occupies, at tho corner close connection between dîneront ness is a striking example of up-to- of St. Sulpice and St. Paul streets. 1 panto of tho empire is perhaps more
A branch was also opened in Buf- useful than tho average politician, falo, and later a branch was est ah- It is also worthy of comment that lished in Pittsburg, theai one in De- the Saluda Tea Co. ia making Cattade troit, under the supervision of Mr. the distributing centre for the vast At Charles Sutherland of Hamilton, quantity of tea L.iported from (’ey-Subsequently, Mr. James McGuane, Ion every year. Canada is the only supplied from China of Toronto, who has been one of the country in the world to which tea
was is* admit .tod free of duty, and the Can-
firm, Mr. P. C l.urkin, quickly re- established, left this city to found a ad inn public are able to buy their tea cognized the healthful qualities of branch in Boston. He has since ex- ; cheaper and better on that account.
her voice—a sweeter one never sang ' Ave Maria'—will cry bravo to the tore, yet I know Mercedes has a tender heart
I have seen her cry over a wounded bird, and sit up all night
Yes, it runs in We have had bull-
wit h a sick woman the blood, senor
fights in Spain for centuries, and always shall. But we might as well go to gave ourselves being crushed in the ceremony, introduced Daisy, c\en as
Rita had been introduced before her,
crowd.
liiifü : WÊMÊsâ MiSsisi
E:EeE!§ Mæ*==r fsëss h
nw mmmmmrn
¦• Tou have a powerful physique. see lf 1 am rieht'"	8olvcd that, if prayers and love
Senor Evans. I've never met a man, but one, like you.”
" And he ?”
•' You shall see him to-day. He Is the matador who Is to finish this terrible bull—Pedro Vasque*. All Madrid loves him because he has as yet never quailed before a mad toro, but I venture to predict Pedro will have his hands full to-day. But your build Is deceptive. When dressed you look like an ordinary gentleman, with a desire to take life easy, and yet, as I know, these muscles arc like springs of steel, and lightning is not quicker than your movements when once you have decided what to do.”	_
date, alert enterprise. Tho business originated in 1892 in a very small way on Wellington street, ami was commenced to introduce the tens produced in tho island of Ceylon that time the tea wants of Canada
were entireiyHHHHBHHBBHflpHHHHHHHHHHPBH
ami Japan. The head of the Saluda backbones of Saluda, since it
)
painted with	such exquisite	j it had	no more of	joy	and	bright-	shade of sorrow fell	over the fait
could win her, Daisy should return	si;int was placed In	an old lumber	ness for	him.	face of Lady Lisle.	Her limbane
to England ns Lady Lisle.	room. No one could	bear either to	—-	looked at her and gave a deep sigh
They went to Italy. Lord Lisle	|00k upon or destroy	the beautiful	One beautiful	evening	in	June	a	"It was some one	we knew long
joined a party of friends who were facc glowing there.	pretty little group was on the lawn since,” he said, gently—"someone
about "doing Egypt and the Fyra-j Three years passed away, and tho of Lisle Court. A lady with golden who was very unhappy, and who mids.”	desire of Lord Lisle's heart was hair sat nt the feet of Mrs. Wy-
During his absence the steward had	gratified. He wooed	and won the
orders for great alterations at Court	lovely, gentle girl lie	had loved so
Lisle. That part of tho wood where long and so well.
the fatal tragedy had taken place They returned to Lisle Court, and time tin was to be destroyed, tho trees cut ulc whole countryside seemed nrous- gambols of his children down, and the ground cultivated. ct| to
The rooms used by the unhappy girl wns presented at Court, where her to his wife were dismantled and left empty — delicate beauty and grace made her everything that had belonged to her ft great favorite, was given away. The splendid por- sh , WM lovcd nn(I n(lmired as
Rita had never been. Her influence was that of a good and noble wo-The frivolities of fashion did
trait
CHAPTER II
The crowd Is tremendous, but they avoid the worst of it, for there Is a separate door or gate arranged In the interest of those who hold tickets for
Once Inside they find their

died
Lord and Lady Lisle never told to their children the story of the
verne, now grown old and feeble.
Lord Lisle lay on the grow neat them, enjoying at one and the same happy girl who for so short a time
flavor of a cigar and the , had borne their name. They never
forgot her, even on that bl ight June Daisy,” said Lord Lisle, turning |evening, when tho sun shone upon
that eldest boy of the blooming flowers, when the birds yours is about tho greatest tense I sung gayly, and tho rippling waters
Come here, little Pearl. |of the pretty fountain» tq%
fair summer, when tho air,
with hi» father'» |fragrance, whisper, i of yt ith, lovt\
mein*
un
the shade
way to the reserved sea ^ and Jack has time to look around him.
He sees an Immense amphitheatre, circular In shape, with the arena in
Around this the seats
The place
welcome them. Lady Lisle
the centre
arise in successive tiers will seat perhaps fifteen thousand, and to-day there will be standing room
F .
f I ho
sus
ever saw
What has he done to you?
A noble boy
laughing eyes, brought his sister by and happiness^ even 11 !>*n bet the hand


r
Pale, Nervous, Wild With Pain
ory fell upon them like the shadow of n passing cloud.
I Lisle Court is a happy home now. Fair children bloom there; Lord Lisle is beloved and esteemed by all
Earth seem» to her most precious
nuin
not engross lier; gaycty did not absorb her whole time and attention.
Lord Lisle never knew his own power and capabilities of doing good until Ids young wife taught him some of the high and holy lessons she had long learned.
They went once to see Rita's grave—a plain slab of white marble.
It. told the truth, for it said that "Margaret Hivers” slept there.
Years afterward n man, bearing upon his face tho marks of long trn- P« vcl, caino there. Captain Darcy nev* little girls er forgot the beautiful, brilliant girl threw a stone nt lier doll/ M he had loved so passionately. The Lord Lisle took hie young heir in cruel story of her murder came to his arms and gave him a lecture on him over the Indian seen; and then the value of kindlin' s he' heard that she was not Lord The child nestled in his father'» Lisle’s daughter. It made no differ- arms and listened patiently, cnee to him. Tho first spot he vis- ' "Papa,” he cried, suddenly. ”1 ited in England was Rita's grave. went with Jennings to-day into some
been living, he would of those empty rooms in tho west-glad Iv have laid the honors he had ern wing. I saw tho picture of a won nt lier feet; every hope and lady with such a beautiful face. Jcn-wish. all the love of his heart, was nings said I must never tell you I buried with her. Captain Darcy had seen it. Who was she, pupa?” lived his life bravely and well, but - At the singular childish question a
25c.
DR. A. W. DNASE'S CATARRH CURE#
Ml
U seel direct to the dieeaard parte by the Improved Die Meals the ulcers, clears the sir pait^ea, stops droppiep In the throat and permanently euree Catarrh and Hay rdyer. Blower ft*» AH dealers, or br. A. W Chase Medicine Co., Toronto end Buffalo.
who know him have lax I Ivl treasures, 1 TeaVen its choicest gift?*, upon Lord Lisle’s daughter.
THE END.

wer
From a
describes her c^ise as follows :
headache, nervous dyspepsia, nncl I could not sleep nights, but sbund would have to carry

coaling record
I have done nothing to her ho sakl
pa-
Tho cruiser Terrible, 1 belonging tc China Squnrdon, has made i world's record for the Coaling oi
operations lasted hours, and in that
'Hoys do not light She cried because I
i**
Be ten 4. Co., Toronto,
the
me
ex-
new
war shi^s

^^¦¦Thn
nine and a half time no fewer than 2,500 tons coni were got into her bunkers.
of

and rubbish of spices, dves is known in th<
The refuse
drugs, and
trade as "garble."
He—“Arc you superstitious about
I think it'*
the chance ol gOV
Had she
v
She—’ Wei
opals ? unlucky to loso
ting one»’*

z

L
Sr

/
V
J
v
###PAGE###7###
How to Get Rich;
FRIENDLY ADVICE.
ni K mu DAL Win: A TIT
I ON THE FARM. |
4*^
Take a quantity of mlllca coating one-fourth the price of oil ; isix it with oil, ami «ell the compound to the public at tho price of pure oil ; offer " prize» to make
compound the public get when they buy common aoapfl. In Sunlight Soap—Octagon Bar—the public buy a pure and well-made soap. Sunlight Soap reduces expense by prolonging tho life of the articles washed with it, which in much more profitable to the public, than common soaps with “ prizes."
Tho bridal wrcath is usually for od of myrtle branches in (lermnny it is made of orange bio
I 1,1ll<
in-
TO WEAK, NERVOUS AND EASILY TIRED WOMEN,
mis m
UH well as in our own coimita ly and the French Cantons of Switzerland it is of white roses ; in Spain which it is composed me mi and pinks
vine leaves servo the purpose, in Bohemia rosemary is employed ; in Herman Switzerland, a crown of artificial flowers takes the place the wreath.
/
ÛÛOXÙ ûnœns/?//
with the compound It 1b such a
C6
try
I
e/v
£h/ ^cbcà^
Given in the Story of One Who Had Suffered and Has Found Renewed Health and Strength.
JTum the Sun, Orangeville, Ont.
It is a good many years since tho good wrought by Dr. Williams’ Fink Fills was first recorded in the columns of tho Sun, but during that period tho sterling merit of thq mtxlw cine has increased its. repu tali An and every day adds to the number of those who have found health through the uko of tho>v famous jiills. Many in this town have freely spoken of the benefit they have derived from , the use of Dr. Williams’ Pink Fills 4 ÆW4 to these another is added in tht person of -Miss Victoria Widdls. To a reporter of tho Sun who had heard of her cure, Miss Widths said : "Several years ago 1 become very much run down ; 1 fell tired all the time, my blood was watery and I was in what the physicians called an anaemic condition. 1 was always weary and worn out, not able to do anything and yet not nick enough to be in bed. My heart bothered me with its constant palpitation, brought about by my extreme weakness. My n| petite failed me and 1 was gradually growing worse. I had heard and read of Dr. Williams' Fink Pills I and decided to give them a trial.
After using them a short time # de-	,	,,,	....... ...
tided change was noticeable and It is	------ . Chemists toll us that oats cut for
lTkc°nn^on t irVly * different person. My j	WATERING HOUSES.	as they do when ripened ho far as j Bristol, Que., June lC.-(Speciul)- I j
nppetite returned and with it good During the summer months the 1,0	"sell goes, still there Is u No disease cun came niore severe | „
blood and strong nerves I ran con- farm animals require an nhundunre >°s8 hv K'a,n rattling out when too u-.d d.etdful pain than «ravel « .srientiously say for Hr. William»'	of Rood water. Tho team in the	''V*' n"d. 11	lo«" °[ U"> Iveding ynlne	Heubc" Draper of this p are was	•
l’ink Pills that they did mo more	Odd should not he compelled to go	of th«	ln ripen,ug. We think	taken ill with tins awful trouble	¦
good thon 1 cun tell. To «II weak, from morning to noon and from «'cry farmer who grows onts for about live years ago l e was cued I ’ nervous, easily tired, run down wo- noon to night without one or more 'om0 ll'u,"'1il1	11	cutting and so many have asked him l.ow it
men, 1 say by all means to give ur.	opportunities to drink. It is a wide-	t1hem1 ,.whII° tl,c «>•>>.. is m the	was done that lie has deeded to give
William»' Pink Pills a trial and you	spread but mistaken notion that a	|iouKh- "r	soft ^nugi. to . rush he- ]	the whole story for publication :
will bo delighted with the result.”	moderate amount of water will in-	.'u‘.011	l'10	t humb and huger	ami
It Is because these pills make rich,	J,,re n borso if	given while the arii- |<mmff	“'Ciii	for I my
red blood that they cure such trou- j nui* is w»nn or sweated ; but harm ! !,m <	';,L ^"ern R'^’dny, I' .»'
bh s us anaemia, shortness of breath,	mny Possibly	result from allowing ;	lh*: 1,0	st rilU '	ana	1 °	11	.
headache, palpitation of the heart,	,nrK0 amounts	of water at a time j	(luite us good	condition	as	if	fed	on	j ***?
rheumatism, erysipelas, St. Vitus' the heated animal. Water should j lim|dhy hay nnd dried oats dance, and the functional ailments | he tfi'en frequently enough to pre- j su' mf? ft,so of the labor oi threshing that make the lives of so many wo- vent excessive thirst.	I .°.nt ihcvot Fc another saving
luen a source of constant misery. Water fresh from the spring or 111(‘\ mav 10 harvested before they The genuine pills always hear tho Wc** *8 best and is never too cold if j '"‘Kla tn VUKt full name. "Dr. Williams’ Fink Fills in reasonable amounts. Endeavor to for Palo People,” on the wrapper on P‘t the horse to drink before fevd-every box. Sold by all dealers or ing at all times ; large amounts
sent by mail at AO cents a box or taj\cn soon »\fter feeding may inducei jn Austria, „ woman, no ïnuttci six boxes for $2.50, by addressing to . am* indigestion by washing the what site may do, is never regarded the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., kr,;>in from the stomach into the in-:0r treated quite ns a criminal. She Brock \ il le. Ont.	test mes before stomach digestion has may rob, bum, kill — set every law
become finished.	at defiance, in fact, and break all
it is good practice, and will pay, the Commandments in turn without to sue that each animal in the stable fear of ever being called upon to has un opportunity to drink late in I face a gallows. 8he is not even the evening during tfoc hot weather, sent to an ordinary prison to do Too frequently animals are com- penance for her sins; the hardest fate
the flowers
of
back to the farm.
Back to the green old farm My thoughts are wandering,
To the drift of bloom on the cherry row,
Tho birds and the merry over How Of the happiness they sing ;
Raak where the peach is blushing now
At the whisper of the sun,
Rack where the rill and the riga- j interior and cxlcrioi
doon
Ripple and race and run
I'o soft
in tho islands of Greece,
ami

of
fitted; LY{fre&ns
204
SOCIETY GAMBLING
real and attractive home both in its
I lie boye will I Ladies in fashionable society in bo proud of their occupation if	London are	losing tliouMindft	of
theirs are tho host evops grown in	pounds at the	fascinating game	of
their neighborhood, and the girls	bridge. Girls	gamble before	they
Back to tho green old farm	I will be just as proud if they have a arrive at what are called years
My heart	is	loading	me,	pretty parlor and dining room and	discretion, and married women
From	tho	jostle	of	the wildoring other rooms in which to entertain	squander their	husband's money	ns
street,	their friends. The man generally well ns their own. A "society” pn-
Whcre children of Care and Trouble I succeeds who does Ids best ; t he per has mentioned the case of
best the farmer can do is to grow lady who lost £80,000 in one night the largest possible crop on the at bridge, and other losses brought, e smallest possible plot of ground, to up the total to more than £200,000 Q keep his buildings, fences and agri- which her husband paid
The Dawson Commission Co.,
of I Can handle your BUTTER, ECC3, POULTRY (alive or droseed), GTRAWlEftfhS! APPLES, TOIHTOES, other Fruits, VEGETABLES or PRODUCE to good advantage
Shipping tags, stamp*, pads supplied. Corrcspon fence invited.
/
Jt
#*#e@e#e#eee#e@e@#e#e»@#@e*ee##e#0@*#*eoeeO#O
Any painter can demonstrate to ÏL
You I
One triai will
a
meet
And trade for an empty fee ;
Back to tho maze of rolling wheat And the pusde of the rain,
Solved in tho sesame of the flowers | cultural implements in thorough repair, to keep out of debt and enjoy life as lie goes along as as he can, for it is the fate of
PAINT

you which is the best paint can do it yourself
;
e
• DEMONSTRATION.
convince you that in
$
And guessed in the golden grain
to
Ramsay's Paints $
GRAVEL CURED
*
well
o
i
Hack to the green old farm My heart inis settled mo Like a butterily on the honey spot Of a clover or forget-me-not,
And glad with the harvest glee 1 have a part in the fellowship Of the good in everything,
And hope, like a bud the cun found,
Reclaims another spring.
no
G>
?
man to pass this way but once. If he does this his boys and girls will be in no hurry to leave tho farm and they will escape many of the troubles and disappointments that their less fortunate brothers and sisters bus I have to encounter.
.von cun get the light paint to paint right. It is made to ke»p # your house fresh and bright, to Q beautify, to make it last longer. • It is made at the right price for • pure paint, and none of our® ugents overcharge.
Drop us a card and ask for
j c BOOKLET "K” IHFK J
^Y f 2' \ it will tell you all about it and Ç
show some pretty houses.	^
A. RAMSAY & SON,
Mr MONTREAL
Q
REMARKABLE CASE OF THIS ' f PAINFUL DISEASE
paint
man

o
O
Reuben Draper, of Bristol, Que., | • Who Was a Victim, Finds Relief, ^ and a Permanent Cure.—He Tells | 2 of His Sufferings and How He ^ Left His Troubles Behind
II
€
\
A
i
#
OAT 1IAY
%
Q
l
/
7
Eat ib. 114	•
Pai:it Makers®
V

I
I
'There is no blessing equal to the I blessing of a stout heart.—Smiles.
Flies may bn kept from frames by washing them over wu t or
picture-with
i bundle of leeks have been stepped for a week.
A limit five years ago I was taken Itoth horses | ill with I lie Grav'd. I suffered great
pain, so I sent for a doctor. He gave me sonn* medicine and cun.c to me twice afterwards, but mv
in which
*!$»|i« lie Coiitill mill work* oIT the Ccld.
Lsxmtre Urom.i-Qtiinini Tablet* cere » cold Id ono day. Mo v are. No Pay. Price 26cent*
Mhfd’s Liniment ills bf Hair Res‘oief
M is a I disease was not gone, and in u shoi t time I had a not In r very had attack. "This time I sent for another doc-wit h about
There’s always left a little ray To brighten up our sorrow ; To-day will soon lie yesterday, And Hope dwells in to-morrow
From nettles can be spun a thread m> fine that 60 only 2£Ks.
the sa me results, £C' ting weak « r all the
tor
only 1 was
time.
miles of it weighs
? —
"Then a man n<l\bed me to try Dodd’s Kidney Til is, for he said they had cured his mother. I thought I would try them and bought a box.
"Just one week after l begun the treatment I passed a stone as large as a small bean, and four days later a not lier about the si/e of a plain of hurley—this gave me great relief, and 1 i ummenct <1 to feel hotter and gain strength i ight away.
That was live years ago and I have not had any trouble in that way since. I have the stones in small bottle and j them who wishes.
Pills certainly The story c
It is said that a young girl has good news just died in the asylum at Hum- may not
burg who possessed the peculiar gift ! Kidney Pills always vine Gravel and well and of changing the color of her hair ne- I Stone
the state of her mind
TREATMENT OF FEMALE PHI
SONEHS.
Mloafd's Liniment far Rheumatism
TO < I'ui: A COLI) IV OVK I>lT.
Taka Laxative Hrorno Quiniee Tablets A 1 druggists refund the money if it fails to cure. ML W. U rove's signature is on each box. 8jo.
it ^ c**y of London, only ono square mile in area, lias in all 77 ! churches.


The biggest wine-cooler is at Windsor, it was made for George and two men could sit in with ease.
IV
FLIGHT OF BIRDS
Dr. F. II Knowltpn, of the United States National Museum,
, mays that F crimps the longest
straightaway flight made by birds ,,	. . ,
in their migrations is accomplished r>c 0(1 to “rink warm, stale, or even ‘ that can befall lier is to be compell by some	of the shore and water	(,irty water. Water troughs should	cd	to take	up	her	abode for a time
birds that nest in the islands	of	bc kc/)t c,ean nt a11 times. A	cover	in	a convent.
Behring Sea	and spent tho winter at	or	1 °	trough can ho	or-
Ilawaii and	Fanning Island, 2,200	ranR®^	80 ns to be quickly ruisetf
miles away.	As some of those birds	a,1(*	fastened	while the animals	aie
live entirely	on the shore, and arc	nn(*	cloned to exclude	dirt
probably unable to rest on the sur- an< ,ea^* face of water, they must, says Dr. Tho water from farm
K no wit on,	accomplish the whole	dis-	springs is not rarely rendered	im- !	cording to
tance in	a single flight. Yet,	al-	Pu,'° and unsafe for man and	least	In	"periods	of	sedateness'
though there arc no landmarks	for	hy contamination from one or	more	was its	natural	dull	coloi
them upon their long journey over a	sources. Surface drainage is a	com-	excited	it	became	reddish, and her I may he altiictori
waste of water, they make their	way Imon source of contamination	and
to their destination with the	pro-	van generally bc remedied by atten-	coloi
cision of a rifle-bullet.
Deware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
as mercury will mrcly destroy the h insc of , hinell and completely derange the whole sjvtern when en taring it through î ho m m ou s surface*.
Such article*Fhould never be used except en ter able to see objects behind them prescript Ion 4 from reputable physicians, is the wit boat
d'image they will do *men fold to the good you can poadbly deiive from them, iia 1*Catarrh 1 0 Cote, manufactured hy F.J. Cheney Si Co. To-who ledo, <>., contains no mercury, and in taken internally. acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. Iu buying Haïra Catarrh Cure bo euro you get tho gonu fne. It la 1 .ken internal y.and made In Toledo Ohio, by F. J. Cheney Si Co. Testimonials free.
Sold byJlruggista, price7jo per bottle liai:’* Family Pills are the beet.
: Minard’s Liniment Cures La Gt'p
Hares, horses, ami giraffes arc bet-
anyone cm Dodd's
i\cd my life.*' f Mr. Drap, r will to many sufferers
ce
Kidm
turning their any other quadrupeds.
heads than
A PECULIAR Gin
W P C II 3.1
have known that, Dodd’s
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
the Bladder.
What has tuned this gentleman and the hair j hundreds of other very had eases when should r.uie anyone, and those who I	H IVHHI	as Mr. Drnf er was
angor was indicated by a blonde should try Dodd’s Kidney Pills. Three days was generally ro- |
t ion to the surface about the supply qui rod for the change to ho by filling around the top of well or plcted. and
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
British railways carry yearly about j nine tons of goods for every person in the country.
comber complexion also I
spring, or by ditches so arranged to varied in the sanw periods and in carry off storm water ; surface con- , the same direction unination can generally be abolish
There British distinct "tear, " amples.
re forty-eight words in the language pronunciations invalid
which have two
Bow/' are the best ex-
The strange characteristic of lemming, a kind of rat which infests the « Coast of Norway, that it periodically migrates westward. C(''
Every few years large colonies of Wells may he contaminated by these rats turn their noses west- soak age from cess pools and low ward and start on a journey that | places containing foul water, the ends in death. They go over rivers and mountains, steadily crossing the country and rearing families on the way, till they reach the broad Atlantic Here, one would Imagine,
they would stop, or turn in some Cisterns used for the storage of other direction, in the hope of being rain water arc very often fouled, and able to continue their journey to the and if cisterns must be used
west by nn overland route ; but they should be most carefully construct- | celerity of travel boldly plunge into the ocean, and cd. Cistern water may he fouled by swim, ever westward, till they are the same means ns described above drowned. This is n fortunate char- »nd also by the entrance of small acteristic for the Norwegians, for if animals and vermin, the rats did not kill themselves the people would have a hard task keep them under.
Preserves the teeth. Sweetens the breath Strengthens tho gume
tad's Linimenl is & best
THE TENDENCY OFTHE AGS
I
Brass Band
The human ear can perceive sounds Monkey Brand Soap cleans kitchen between 16 vibrations and 42,000 utensils, steel, iron and tinware, vibrations per second, knives and forks, and all kinds of cut Irrv.
To Add Comfort and Celerity to Travel—How the Bicycle proved Its Worth.
region of lhe barn yard and the manure pile too often is the location of sueli pools. Abolish them by filling with earth after all foul water and soiled earth have been removed.
For O . i r Ullr irar*.
,,2'TLTI EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE t> BAND
isthe beat remedy tjr Diarrhea* U p!ea tint to the	,n JiiiAlciir llutlral IvtHirtimrnt*.
ESS-H HiHES	Limited,
L-nlulh ujxoliarUM	'	’	Toronto. Ont. und Winnipeg, Man
Instruments, Drums, Uniform». Etc
LONDON’S DAILY TRAFFIC
All modôcrn means of transportation arc the direct outcome of hu-ihoy j m*in endeavor to add comfort and
to economize on the fleeting moments of our#diort lives, and to make our movements on pleasure sant
If the number of people daily entering London were to be despatched from any given station by train, 1,1)77 trains, each conveying (500 would be required for the Morcovei
perso lv purpos
trains were arranged in a straight line tlicv* would cover 221 miles of
Sergeant Brown—"Halt can't go in there —"Why
Cents’Suits Cleaned
¦¦¦¦ You
Private Murphy sort" ?" Sergeant Brown—' Because it’s the general tent." Private Murphy—"Then, he-
dad, what
if all these
or business bent, plea- ! hi eyeh
not
or Dyed ; aIho LadiM’ Wear of all kinds.
SSUITeBS* DYLR8.^eSCriPÜOrl
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO Y,
Moi-tr aJ. Toronto. Vtt*wa A Quebec.
railway
8
The
particularly,
though once regarded as a fad, has
Every farmer who is not ambitious P,<nc,i itself to be one of the most to make lawyers, doctors, street car serviceable of modern vehicles of conductors, brakemen or something j transportation.
of the sort of his eons, or typewrit- We know of nothing so absolutely ers, milliners, dress makers, or fac- useful in the country. It lias tory operatives of his daughters, is the virtue of making eight miles counselled	to	co-operate with	his	feel as one, and throws into	that
wife in making	their hone life	at-	distance a sensation of keen	en joy-
tractive and their home something : ment at the pleasurable exercise wc which they will never cense to regard 1 arc getting. To most of us, a trip with the deepest affection. A farm to the post office or our neighbor is of 100 acres is quite large enough no light task to undertake on foot, to furnish profitable employment for | and the bother of harnessing a prob-a family of half a dozen boys and ably over-tired horse takes the plea-girls until	they	come of age, though	sure out of the trip. A	bicycle
fifty years	ago	it was thought	to	stands always ready to do	your
be hardly big enough for one. But bidding. It is made so perfectly to-fifty years ago the farmer did not . day that repairs are the exception; know, as he now knows, that it is and the a great deal cheaper to grow bushels of grain or three or four j tons of hay on one acre of ground than on four, and he did not know the satisfaction and profit which arc derived from well directed work.
Neither the boy nor the girl who is or -Brantford
born in the country ever wants to . a(la Cycle & Motor Co.. Limited, 84 I Springs
is notable for its careful management and heavy crops. They fed a good deal of pride in their surroundings, and arc always anxious to add to
to
FARM LIFE
are they doing Private' over the door ?"
with
WIRE WOUNDS
My mare, a very valuable one, was badly bruised and cut by being caught in a wire fence. Some of the wounds would not heal, although I tried many different medicines. Dr.
Dell adxiscd me to use MINAItD’S LINIMENT, diluted ut first, (lien stronger us the sores began to look better, until, after three weeks, the sons have healed, and best of all the hair is growing well, and is not
white, as is most always the case in j from Canadh to the above points
Tickets on sale June 1st to 21st and June 26th to 30th, inclusive.
Special excursion June 22nd to 25th.
Other cheap excursions during July ; gn UIIHBIIfi s PKR™t ix. and August. All tickets good until	IIIJI1DU1Imtbi*imiibi
October :11st.	U)02. All ticket,
should read via Detroit and over tho* ***'"*- *#&##*#4i**r*n*wrmark# &n Wabash, the short and true route to
Dominion Line Steamships
HEALTH FOJt LITTLE ONES
Wabash Railroad,
SPECIAL EXCURSIONS.
To Denver, Colorado Springs, Pue bio, Glenwood Springs, Col. ; Salt Lake City, Ogden, Utah; Hot Springs and Deadwood, South Dakota.
Montreal U> Liverpool Boston to Ut«r-po»»J. Portland to Literpcol. Via Queenstown.
Large and Fast Steamships Superior accoron odatlon for alTvluwes of lia lengere. 6<foon* and Stateroem# are amidships. Special attention has been riwen to the Second ShIoob and Third Claes acrooim >daiien- iet nitre if poe-af* and all paiticulafi, apply to any ageal of the Company, or
Kicharde, Mills k Co,
77 State Bu Bor lorn.
Baby's Own Tablets Make Child ren Well and Keep Them
Well.
If your children are subject to indigestion or any stomach ; if they arc troubled with constipation, diarrhoea, or any of the ills that afflict little ones, give them Baby's Own Tablets. This medicine will give relief right away, making sound, refreshing sleep possible. It will put children on the highroad to health at once. It is doing this to-day for thousands of children in all parts of the country. Mrs. R. I McFarlanc, Bristol, Quo , «ays "I take pleasure In testify* big*
F Tiilff,
¦“"¦“V bal^/dyee sho w& three months old, IW*	{Bid previous to using them she was
jY	n delicate child. She is now quite
the reverse, as she is plump, healthy and strong
Tublbls
colic,
trouble
D. Torrtue» à Oe
M-mtrail sad F#rW*#&
Lowest round trip rates ever mad
Woods Photo. Enc.rax ing
#J L JONES tNG.C? 3S
“•b# UAV STREET-lOROkîÔ
horse wounds
F. M DOUCET
Weymouth
&.A
K, I«nr^ C. I. Vl V
I	¦	|Thc largest orchestras in point of
price of the very best numbers are those for grand operas fifty I wheel is now an easy propositi dL
at ( event Garden
There arc sometimes as many as 75 performers.
with eem, bl»d« Rifraete Mores.
Testimonial,free.	1 SOr-reen-lil
for trial ;jflt work*.«end belenr, f*»4
U 8. May», ‘02forl7yrs ;CWd»Der IT,
the grandest oppor-1	faeiibbk.diitov,r.ir«eid
tunity ever given the people <>f thi country to visit this beautiful coun I try of grand mountain seei.cry at a " low rate.
Full particulars from any railroad agent, or J. A. RICHARDSON,
Dist- Pass. Agent, northeast cornet | MORTCACE CORPORATION
Khig and Yonge streets. Toronto. . ,
«
ill Colorado points THIS will be
HOW TO GET A WIIEEI
to the et». 1
merits of Baby\, Own used them for my
| If you wapt one of the best wheels
on carl
Masse v-I larris. '1 *
SPECIAL EXCURSION RATES
made anywhere land
"Cleve-
Pcrfect,”
Via the Chicago and North Western Railway to Denver, Colorado
Pueblo, Salt Lake. Hot
THE CANADA PERMANENT
write to the Can
î
and WESTERN CANADA
Digs and Deadwood, South Da , during June, July and August
s, , ki :u
A splendid opportunity is offered for an enjoyable vacation tiip. Several fine trains via the North-Western In the ward-rooms of the vessels Line daily. Full information and ID of the American Navy there is still lustrated pamphlets can bc obtained boy.gets tired of the farm if every	kept up a custom worthy of	imita-	from	B.	II.	Bennett,	General	Agent,
day he has to chase the cattle,	lion. It is	ns follows: At	nine	2	King street	cast.	Toronto, Out,
sheep or pigs out <>f the plowed o'clock in the evening the captain or)	-----
the	glasses to t
tired of the farm if the house is filled, and, rising, will deliver this continually in disorder and inside sentiment:	"Gentlemen, I ask you
and out is disreputable In appear-1 to drink to sweethearts and wives a nee generally. Thus it is seen that May the sweetheart become the wife, to keep the boys and girls on the	nnd the wife	always remain	tin-
farm the fences must le kept in	sweetheart."	The assembled	ofli-
order and the home must be made a cinls drink this toast in silence
I think Baby's Own HP tie best medicine in the world for little one» " These 1 Tab-Icis are good for children o( nil ages anil dissolved in water or crushed to a powder they can be given with absolute
4
Toronto Street. Toronto
A PRETTY CUSTOM
UNKIND COMMENT.	: »
"Since you were afraid to tell ! papa of our engagement, 1 told him myself," said Flossie Feathcrly.
"And what did he soy ?" asked Mr. Doolittle, anxiously.
"He said it wns clear that the fools weren't all dead yet
their attractions
$
safety to the youngest, j. Guaranteed to con-no opiate or harmful drug®. Sold hy all dealers at 25c a box, or
«•ut postpaid hy writing direct to the Dr.
Brock vi Up, Ont NY.
INVESTMENTS
$23,000,000
weakest baby tu in
SMOKING CARRIAGES.
It is stated that the railway authorities of Belgium have been seriously considering the advisability of Introducing smoking carriages for ladies only urged upon them by the indignation aroused among some ladies recently I by tl
I xvho persisted in smoking in a carriage reserved for ladies only. When remonstrated with she said that as there was no law prohibiting men
her rights, and, as this was the fact the guard could not interfere.

Williams* Medicine Co.
or Schenectady
Prêt- dent, GEORGE GOODKRHAM *
** 1st Vice PreKident and Mar aging *j \ \ Director. J. HERBERT MASON 1 ** 2nd Vlea President, W. II. BEATTY J


PUL-MO
18 THE ONLY AB8ILUTE CURE for Consumption and all
throat and lung troubles. One dose gives H which Executors and Trustees r.re
lAllmiBonlito etVreadeT!)7thispa^r! ; ' b^C^Jlün
$ ISSUED AT 4 PER CENT.
size, or it may be ordered direct from
THE PUL-MO CO., TORONTO, ONT
i
coronation stockings.
I he Parisian stocking-makers are overwhelmed with orders for novel coronation stockings, costing 100 francs and upwards per pair. They arc made of real lnco, and have the monogram of their owner surmount-1 with t he British 1 n Worked In the instep. Many pen <• - «•-, n
said, have ordered these stockings to wear at the coronation.
This step has been

t

BONDS
XTCOOOOOOfSTT
action of a young woman
Page Metal Ornamental Fence
17 showy and surprisingly cheap. II la just what Is wanted for door yards, division fonces In town lots, grave
g&d tarSwT.»'L& 20 «C KR "UNNINQ FOOT.
lest think of It. Let us sand you fall particulars. Wo also make farm fence, poultry nettle g, nails and staples.
We now mtke • fence that is

i iiimiiiiiinimi
unmmental, ve


I wo-
froin smoking she was within

Ï '
X
The Psf> Wire Femes Co, Limited, Weltervltle. Ont. 8
r
j




z.


###PAGE###8###
r
Dollars and Sense,
s
E. HODCINS & SON'S ACVT.*
HOLD UP

Devoid of all Sentiment and on a purely Business Basis we
ask your Trade
Haying Tools
n minute and read this, if your clothes are beginning to approach a condition of Innocuous desuetude, which will make it necessary to discard them. We want your patronage-not for one time only, but permanently. If we can get the former we arc certain to secure the latter. Why t Our <ock is so large wo will have the kind you want. By .selling so many Suits it enables us to sell so cheap. Our fit ami workmanship are all right.
What we do
We do not claim to sell cheap goods
claim is we sell good Goods at a low Price. We
have made a study of the Shoe trade, consequently our stock is free of all old styles and narrow toes. We buy our Shoes direct from the best manufacturers, middle man's profits for you to pay at the Shawville Boor and Shoe Store.
Scythes,
Snaiths,
Rakes,
Forks.
No
t
A. R. McGUIRE,
M. STEWART.
The Tailor.
Main Street, Shawville.
The Barondale Veterinary Medicines.
T. W. WILSON & CO.
Machine Oil,
%
Castor Oil,
Harvest Mitts,
At Lowest Prices.
«V
*v^r

V <
•A

4
$
A

Your kind attention is
___
directed to the following
features :
Before Using
After Using
Silks and Satins are moving freely.
In Dress Materials there is a more pronounced demand for plain goods.
Steadily developing activity is noted for Linen and kindred Fabrics with twine-colored Muslin to match.
Muslins.—Last week was a record-breaker in the sale of Muslins. With the advent of hot weather we throw our whole stock of beautiful Muslins to the mercy of the public regardless of profit.
Prices range from 5c. to 50c. per yard.
Lace Curtains and Curtainettes are being freely bought.
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
Animals this season of the year require some tiling to nurifv the blood, remove tiie old coat of hair, restore the appetite and put him in a healthy condition for the Spring work. Our condition medicines is highly endorsed, by all who use it. We have many testimonials testifying to its good results. Once tried, always used.
Testimonial.—About as had a ease of heaves as ever developed in a horse, developed m one brought to my stable recently. I was in a great way to cure him if possifde. but so bad was it 1 had very little hope of doing anything for it. The Hakondai.v; Heave CritK was recommended to me and I procured a bottle. I gavv him only-two doses. one in the evening and one in the morning, and after that 1 defied any person to detect the least defect in his breathing. As a proof of its good effect 1 might say that this horse was afterwards -old to a liipsev the best of judges of ¦mi -rs who after driving m considerably, on a warm day. failed t-> see the least
Yours i mix.
A Good supply of
Yarns, Blankets & Kerseys
sign of a defective wind.
dOHX lU'ltKE, Ottawa.
For sale at —
O'Meara Bros’, Bryson ;
T. & D. Rousseau’s, Campbells Bay ; J. E. Cahill’s, Calumet Island ;
Wm. Moore’s, Otter Lake ;
J. F. Cronau’s, Ladysmith. Silas Young's, Starts Corners.
Now In Stock.
Drug Store, ShawvMIe ;
W. H. Lucas', Caldv/dl.
be paid £,'>0.50 on his acc nint.
Complaint was iuad* to the Council that the g >vernment road leading f. thedth to the 7th concessi n line, ptrib between 1 >ts une and two at d par ly on lots one and two was too narrow, and fences must be moved back before road I labor can he done.
Moved by Coin C tin Tab *.
inspeotor John Story 1 ¦ it ucted tt pick it o it the road named 40 feet wide, and notify all the pmt have their fences in wed allowance at once, done.
Moved by Conn I a or, s c by Ooun I roi»nl, and resolved, that John Story, chief road inspector, be imtiucted to picket out the C h concession line road 40 feet wide across lot 20 fortliwith, and to have all obstructions removed at once.
Moved by Co un Henderson, sec by Ooun 8mi ey, and resolved, that the Secret iry be paid $2 30 for livery horse and rig to visit John Waters, vf Nepein Township, Ontario.
H ai inspector, Richard McCaffray, complains that the road on lot Hi range 7 is too narrow and fences are out on the road. Also a complaint from Thomas Gallagher that the Council had only purchased 30 feet for a road across said lot 13, and that he wanted the Cuunc l to put up one half the fence across and lot 13.
Bristol Council.
E. H00GIN8 & SON.
Oil)
Our Grocery Department will be found replete in every respect.
Minutes of regular session of the Municipal Council of the Township if liris-to!, held in the Town 11*11 on Monday tin 2nd day of June, 1302, All the mem berm of the bo mi being prut oat.
Minutes of l ist meeting of Council
read.
Moved by Co un Graham, tec by V run M rrim, and resolved, that the minutes as read be adopted.
John Duff objects to repairing the 3 h conceaai n line road front «»f 1 >t 3, and calls assistance from adjoining road Division
Moved by V nm Smiley, "ec by C im Tabor, an 1 îeudved, that chief road Inspector John Story bo instructed to visit the 5th concession ; instruct the inspectors I of road divisions 20 and 23 A to repair i the place mentioned, and apportion the part of the road to be made by each rond division.
A petition was presented by Martin Kilroy, asking the Council to change the road from where it croate* lot 2t’« ratine 1 to or near the sideline between lots 25 and 2G to the 2nd concession line.
WILSON 6 GO.
f
II îtiderson, sec by | that chief rca J
B
c
*â v tui

«G
es interest eu to off the load and to see that it is
THE FAVORITE

Selling Out !
9
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Go !
We Njean Business !
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT

WAINMAIT’S.

Trie petition of Patrick Linn and oth era, asking that no change be made in the road, and laid before the Council eoma time ago was a’s > read. A!s > a report < f Spec-Supt John Dutf on said road, dated May, 1901, recommending that changes should be made was also read.
Moved by Ooun Ire’atid, sec by Coun
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
Graham, and resolved, that John Dutf be He^ndersonfaiS*resolved^^haTchief^oad
appointed Spec-Supt to examine the road inspector John Story te in tructed to
made by Martin Kdroy, at.or near the examine the road from the 7th to the
sideline between lots 2o and 2b range 1, g;h concession lines, and order all ob-
and from front road to 2nd concession structions to be removed forthwith; and
line, and report whether it is as good as a|io to examine the road between 3 and
the road formerly travelled, and if as 4 on ,he Rigged Chute road range 0, and
good, that he close the old road.	if it is not the proper width of 40 feet to
Moved by Coun Graham, sec by C >un order all obstructions to be removed a*
Smiley, and resolved, that Win T Craig
be appointed road inspector of road division No 5, in the room and stcid of Martin KUroy.
Moved by Coun Morris, sec by C »un Henderson, and resolve I, that this Council adjourn for one hour.
Meeting resumed, full board presenb	”	I out by W B Armstrong —Carried.
Moved by Coun Smiley, s?c by Coun	Clarendon Schools.	; Moved, seconded and carried, that the
Tabor, and resolved, that road inspector	following Teach era be and are hereby
Joseph Chapman be instruced to grade	I own Hall, Shaw ville,	I engaged so teach in their respective
up the 2nd concesft’t n line road front of	June 13th, 1902. j schools for the respective salaries at-
lots 0 and 7 in addition to his other work, l »"nd <>f School ( ommissioncrsof CUr-1 tached to their respective names for the
___1 -j notify read inspect ir Jameson ^nt\<!n mcf	Members present : ensuing year, ending 30th June, 1903.
Stewart to allow Wm Young his labor on y ’’	^.P1* * 0 111 *,1HDb ^ Thomas and —Carried.
2nd concession line.	.James \> ilson. Minutes of last meeting | The Teachers already engaged : No 1,
Procès verbal of a water course on lot rc™	e	| Jennie Armstrong; No 2, Willetts Arm-
Orange 2 was laid before the board.	Moved hy John Grant, sec by F strong; No 4, Miss McCartney ; No 0, Halifax, June 20.—The Hamburg Am
Moved by C *un Morris, etc by Coun llh,mas tll;lt R R-lph act as chair- Miss M C .Tones, Lachute; No 7, Miss erican liner, Bu'garia, arrived in port Tabor, and resolved, that sud ’Procès ^ pro tern. L tnicd.	| Hunter; No 8, Edna Aimstrong; No 9, late this a^t moon from Hamburg via
Verbal be accepted under p-otest of U’-i *1	1 hom®8’ sec by James Minnie Matheson; Noll, Annie Arm- Bologne, France, and aftar landing 1,047
owner of northeast hn’f nine range two, ' “H<in. tlle jj,lnute8 of last meetirur 1 strong; No 1,1, Mary A Drummond.	immigrants snl luggage, [ roceeded to
an j that no action be taken by the board	ke and are hereby cunbrmed.	Hugh Mutheson, Sec-Treas. Bilrimore. The majority of the immi-
at prêtent.	m "1 u " 1 rn,	i r	______________ grant» weic Austrian farmers with their
trank Armi-age report verbally, that Thomas, that Mrs J. W Murphy be paid better roads by a m ire skilled supervision they had	examined a	water	coarse	on	lot	$«.24 for chalk and repairs on school	About half of the.e made the change
13 range	7, and	hey considered	the	water	house No 13.-Carried.	within the la.- year, ,» shown by the
was flowing in it natural course.	Moved by John (irant, sec by James | annual report, just, issued, of the Com-
W ilsun, that Wm C Hodgins he paid j mis;inner of Highways, Mr. A. W.
$28 as per bill against school house No Campbell. The report records a marker!
5,—Carried.	I advance in public sentiment in favor of
Moved, seconded and carried, that we better r >ads, and shows that the ask for tenders for the moving of the ;	ment for improvement has attained quite
shed at No 7 and about 20 cords of fire-	Urgepropoiti ma in Ontario. This is the
wood, and place same properly âxed on	m<»et gratifying when it m r dm cm he red
the new school ground, on a spot pointed | with what md (Terence the subject
ARMSTRONG BROS
BJ
f[ full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
LADYSMITH.
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
Moved by Coun Graham, tec by Coun [ (j. E. TATA.INM A.H, SH A/W"VTLlLlE.
Henderson, and resolved, that thiiCouu-oil adjourn.
A W McKechnie,
Sec-Treasurer.

P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
w H I UC 8, May.ir.
Wedding Rings.
a‘ fi at received by the peop'e. The te-port c ntaini some valuable suggestion* for inunicipalitjs proposing to take advantage of the Provincial grant, and makes public the regulations governing the grant, which cal's for a good standard of roadway.—The Globe.
See our large assortment of 10-K, 14K. and 18K Seamless Wedding Rings.
and to
To Fill Up The West.
Our Wedding Bings are all that they should Be can t he—there are none better and few as good t-and
member—Quality.
Bear in mind our Wedding Rings as well as the other goods we sell are just as represented.
fi
re- -
A man was killed by an elephant at Saratoga avenue, and Halaey street, Brooklyn, N.Y , where the Forepaugh & Sdlle circus is cimped. It is supposed that he was formerly an employee of the circus. He had been teaming the elephant and the animal picked him up and dashed him to death Moat of the boue» ken and he died before the ambulance which was summoned arrived.
::WHTTE::
An account of $IG G7 by F Pritchard, for goods supplied to Archie Ddsebras while quarantined for amallpix: and an account from Dr. Alexander of $95.50, for medical attendance as health officer Moved by Coun Graham, sec by Coun Smiley, and resolved, that Mr Pritchard account bv piid, and that Dr Alexander
THE WATCHMAKER
Opposite Pontiac House,
move-
against thi ground.— in his body were bro-
Seville.
WSI

. fr




