###PAGE###1###
X
N

v
;s

)

V
4 i
< I
sir»
No. 21
18 ru Year.
SIIAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY,
QUE., THURSDAY, NOV.
8, 1000.
$UOO a Year in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
Kunl to Hcriptiire history teach then, the	,
beatitudes, miracles and parables. Tent h ce,,tnt time, and that the country is ns
siHlIsfHs ?PpEES-:::
fereut part* of the compas. Never give	" , 0 ,	.
then» u word till after they know what It	jU s °* V'ottmg being clone here hh the
means. He sure and have them know the weather in good.
limp lesson is a good object lesson. Have ,	...
them listen to physiology and hygiene on Miss Sarah Mee and Mrs. John Mt
i:xr us»„'r c; a sss |	'‘f*  
Then in regard to second renders he said , u , . ,	... ,, M
next to music; is good reading. If it he not W	tu lS haw ville Saturday.
he pleasing we tio not want it. Do not Miss Bertha Darker, who had been up cert is an excellent, method, after each Ml^	Lummis, of Greermount,
meninvriri fhfd/iHfiknowevery wordingood Wtt8	uf Miss Edith Farrell last
method also. In this class the child will week.
SsBHSEES iEvF't F 6'“ ' ”r
up one whole lesson on one part of speech.	*n , «‘Hh. \v. Moore went to Dry-
Ha\e them know the simple analysis of a	^ aluniet island Wednesday and
sentence. Know the miracles and par- Thursday.
—«»
ft hie to divide a number by H, u, 12 in long " Bella Murphy division but not farther. * He should also know the weights and measures tables.
Pastors—Rev. W. Bowman Tucker, M.A., I Have him know the history of the country	-
Ph. 1). Rev. W. R. Johnston.	I and discovery. Tell them a story and have '
them tell it hack to you the next day. leach them what is meant by discovery.
ta
_	P,,<’t model behavior from this class, never «V dson, •>, > erna Mc< iiiire ; 4, Henry
....	.	, r .....	„ T1 , I'shouting at teams going past. We can Argue ; 5, Kathleen Wilson. Grade
= £ I jfe-j c a SHÜEHI	^SE»
j>«»ne our hoi day until the strife was over, our work.	11 Imison, Photographer, ft compound sentence we have two simple
W« .Shall therefore publish n„ paper next | Mr. Hugh Hobbs. < >U«va, was here	I Maximum No. of murks 290.-".vie I -
this week to put m	a spoke	or	two for I America, such as l ivers, mountains, seas.	1, Nettie Horner 2.10	2	Wii.ifrwl
” ,Ml	ss ». sc stars	It,«il "™»;	«.
Mr. W. J. Connelly, of Kipp.	wa.	was huroue, and tliczi the map of the world	+. Mmena Caldwell, 184;	o,	Beryl
.......................-Ë3SSS	%
last week.	' upon. Great care should be taken by the lo.>; (i, John Luitowh, 121.
wavtfd a ,	,	.	“¦...........-
V VV AM hU - A got Ml general servant, visit to his brother, John A., of this | not ae<iuainted with, shrdw ¦¦
Apply to Mrs G. M. Donaldson, Shaw- journal.
Mr. Gallagher, of New York State, left Mr, and Airs. Win. Ledger wood, of hereon Friday morning with a car-Shaw ville, spent Saturday and Sunday | cattle, etc. Ho was accompanied by visiting friends in Arnprior.	1 Mr. T. A \N ainman
Bibles, Hymn Books, Prayer Books, etc. for sale at the Drug Store, Shaw ville.
The Kazubazua Hunt Club returned from their territory in Cawood cm Thursday last, with a score of eleven deer to their credit.
)
Furs ! Furs !
Head Ofiler .* .. .. Capital aiiliavrlbol *'apital paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
..........$ I ,0114,000
.......... 1,7x1,ose,
.......... 1,40.1,310,
«a
OF CAHAD^
- $6,000,000.
Util
Hoard of Directors
CAPITAL -RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Charles Magee, Esq. , President George Hay, esq.,Vice-President
Hon. (	In.
ÀLKX. FllAHI K, Ksy .
We have now ready for inspection of intending
buyers a range of Fur Goods, not matched.this
side of the city. For style, quantity and finish
we sell only the best goods, made by the kings
of the Fur trade in Canada. Cheap Furs are dear at any price.
John Mathkr, Esq. Daviji MaiLauen, Kaq.
kei
Dennis Mi Ki ll V, Ewq.
Head Oilier, • Montreal.
GEORGEBURN I). M. FINN IE
General Manager .. .. Manager

Branches :
IN ONTARIO
Kvewatin. Ijmark Kemptville, Parry Mattawa,	Femn
Ottawa,	Rat Portage,
do Bank Ht.. Renfrew <lo Riile.iu St. Toronto, Vanklrek Hill, Smith's Falla
in Manitoba :
Mrs. Joseph ami. Mi
811AWHLLE BRANCH,
fohn Wilson
Alexandria,
Arnprior,
A von more, Brai’ebridge, Carle ton
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Parmer* notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
HAYINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and interest allowed.
Office Hours Saturday* .
hound,
rok«.
Place,
Hawkesbury,
Dauphin,
Winnipeg
MEN’S COATS, in Coon, Marmott, and Wombat.
LADIES’ COATS, Coon, Astrac-tian and Wallaby.
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC ;
10 A.M. TO 3 !’.M. 10 A M. TO 1 KM.
F. A. PARKER
Montreal,
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago— Hank of Montreal.
Agents in ht. Paul Merchant a Nat. Bank. Agents in London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
Hull
Lâchât»
i
LOCAL NEWS.
Church Services.
METHODIST. CHURCH
Sank Cekemonik
No Issue
Skiivickh every Snbbnlh ft! 10.30 a.m ; 7, p.m Sunday Helmol at 9.30, a m.
Epxvniih League. Monday evening at 8.00. I adivs frayer Meeting, Tuesday 7.10, p.rn General Prayer Meeting. Friday, 7,30, p.m Everyone welcome.
School Reports
It. has been our custom since the establishment of The Equity to take a week off annually to give our staff a little recreation, or a breathing spell so to speak. We have gencially taken the last week of October for this purpose. This year,
COLLARS and COLLARETTES
made up in the following leading styles: Arlington, Victor, Evelyn, Natalia, Min to, &c. These
are the very newest creations in Fur Goods.
(
Elementary Di
I T
week
Wood taken in exchange for photos at II. liaison's studio.
For < Organs, Pianos and Sewing Machines, see A. Howard at Pontiac House.
Press-Making-Two doors from The Equity oHico by Mrs. Woodley and Miss McCredie.
CAPS, RUFFS, MUFFS, &c, in all
the leading materials.
No. I School, Leslie—Senior Class. — Emma (Jneale, 214(1
¦I ¦ ¦ on Ltter-writing as being the best way of teaching English.
Mr. Gilman said the upright system was load It,ie method of writing and it was the one of the age. A chapter on » hild nature was also read by Miss Stunning, of ('oulonge, which was very instructive and showed The attention of our readers is direct- I !,UI! ^df-control was a very good way to
psEttSr' HS
Ulh, ot the effects ot Rev. G. A. Picotte, treated to a few well-chosen word" on Calumet Island.	I Modern Methods by Prof. Clarke, of Ottu
r . i .. , |.	,i He said he had n tea» her i n
t <•. E. Wainnmns, over thirty years. He explained what ......	,	,,	, .<>n I hursday night received a letter from modern methods meant by loginning with
(liHb n AMhl) for general housework, hiabrother, who is serving with f he Second s^,0*"hand typewriting. To do this well
t hey wanted him he would be well pleased to corne.
PHHHHI I .lEldiu Craig ; Guy Farrell, 2048 ; Flo Parker.
1293
See our GOODS before buying.
Junior Class.—Lizzie Milliken, jr>ol ; Bert Farrell, 1222; Ida Wilson, 11!»:.; Edith Sutherland, 1042; Bernice Kidder, 050; Rebecca Stephens, 835; W aLerStcphens, 701 : Annie Kidder,
M. h . Lowe, teacher.
J. H. SHAW
4 51
1
Clarendon, School No. 2—Grade IV.
5&S	S-MEN'S UNDERWEAR. Stacks of it, cheap.
Johnston,Lizzie Lynn, Harold Carson.
Gra<Ie II, Sr.—Edgar Cuthbertson,
Harold Beuliean, Clarence Carson.
Grade II, Jr.—Lila Mainland, W illie Carson, Earl Cotie, Ernie Johnston.
Grade I — Pearl Little, Fred McCagg,
Emerson Cotie.
wa
Mr. Wm. Burton
1
Fovnd- On the Pickanock road, near I about Christmas.
XEO. E. Mi RI HY, make the best for the least money.
iter Lake, work guaranteed?	I A meeting of the School Commission
The month of October was the most	Studio, Pontiac House. ers this 3rd day of October, 190G. Mem-
open which this portion of the world has ,, n T X1 M. .	. A „ lien present, G. M. Donaldson, G. F
HSiêïïS1* ==*;= SHS SE i“= “
fanners report that ripe »t,aw berries and |	|	°f Ust n,ectin-'1	con-
apples, comprising Snows, Russets, Spies . " m# L<>V1I?R 8 new ho.u8e 111 Bryson is | rate *evied at one half cent on the dol-Baldwins, Greenings -by the liarrel or aImo?t reat v for occ upation. The struc- lar'l>n the full assessment of present year, retail Also a stock of grapes and other ture 18 ,a	Ml\ Lothian's archi- ending June 30, 1000.—Carried,
seasonable fruit. W. T. Earl, . I rateai fltul and a desirable addition to 1 Com. G. F. Hudgins moves, seconded
The Palace Grocery Sh/iuXille the numerous 'inc buildings which alyl by com. Hobbs, that the sum of fifteen
ready adorn thutOV.’Ttï tojvn of Pontifié/ dollars be allowed Mr. John A. Cowan An e. change tells us that the proper Israel Villeneuve, effort 'Coubrige for the usual work of printing and pub-methojto keep apples in winter is to while deer hunting last week was drown- hshing f°r the present year.-Carried, wrap thmi in old newspapers so as to ex- e(j by the upsetting of his canoe on Meeting adjourns until the Kith inst., elude tit* air. The newspaper, however, Crooked Lake about ten miles from Coul- at 7 30 °’cIock* P- ,,} must be one on which the subscription ong0. Mr. Villeneuve was about 36 years
has bet ** paid, otherwise uampness, re of ago and a barber by trade. He leaves a ...	October 16, 1900.
,» suiting nom uhat is dew, may cause wife and 8 young children to mourn his Minutes of adjourned meeting held at the fr-wt to spoil,	untimely end.	office of Sec.-Treasurer with the follow-
number of the schools for some cause astic year, now examined, be homologat-I	**»
Coat Lost.—Taken from the hall rack have not been supplied. It is the duty ed without amendment.—Carried.	! Me Janet |	|
in the Clifton House on nomination day 1^ Hie secretaries to attend to this, and Moved by com. John M. Hudgins, sec- ! Hns.se 11. Grade III — 1, Maggie G]| a long black frieze overcoat, with a pair *n caseN where such maps have pot been ended by com. Hobbs, that the statement 1	L>’ WllL Davis, Russell and Harvey Me
of gloves and some papers in the ;mckets reived they should at. once communi- received from Mr. XV. A. Hodmns re- Laren, e<pial; 3, Betti o Morrison and thereof. Information that will lead to Ciile "^h the Depaitment of Public In- Igarding prizes, bo accepted as correct, |	^ biggie XX il son, e< mal; 4, George Bus
the recovery of the same will be thank- ^ruction, setting forth when the maps and that the amount lie paid.—Carried I Se3; Harry Hughes; 6, Amelia fully received by the owner.	are required and designate to whom they Moved by com. G. F. Hodgins, second Hughes. Grade II—1, Allie Reid; 2,
Fred Thomas, Shaw ville. Iarv to *>e senfc’ au^ wlivthvr by express or ed by com. XVaimnan, that the sum of! Joseph Russell; 3, Ernest Ballantyne;
wa* of the venomous kind. Mra. Olm- are talking atout and what we say about Tk„.i<r .	..	.	prevalence of the di.eaee. Our town ia as 1 still require some l.m	laud containing a large quantity of pine,
KarifflAsr "T	^"A sssfsrfya «îfcScSKïï—c. :: £ maz2rxr.i:r. g Usas	1 -- -- r" —.....................
I lorence Toll, teacher
XVe
School Meeting
penses, <Vc
All
School No. 4, 'Clarendon —Grade IX-~
Qg; 2, Lawrence Bel-XX ikon ; 4, I lui hurt Grade III—1, Louilla
I.	Laura Armstron slier; 3, Annie Armstrong
Armstrong; 2, Pearl McDowell; 3, Eva McDowell;4, Gordon Brownlee. Grade
II.	—1, -Sarah Corrigan ; 2, Ethel H<kI-gins, 3, Hoi lie Corrigan; 4, Irene McDowell. Primer II—1, Phehe Corrigan : 2, Inez Wilson slier ; 4, Manson McDowell. Primer I — 1, Harry XX'ilson; 2, Kenneth McDowell and Chloe McDowell, equal ; 3, Jennie Graham; 4, Lenis Armstrong.
Ma del Armstrong, teacher.
PIANOS
The 1. W. KAHN COMPANY, Limited,
raspberries were to be found, the latter in abundant quantities.
3, Benson Bel
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA
Opposite Blythe’s New Store.
We have several good Square Pianos and we want to sell them quickly. Our new stock is coming along now, and we need the room. When in the city, come in and make us an offer.
* I
Creermovxt School.— Grade IV.—
1,	Carrie Hamilton; 2, Birdie Judd; 3, Artie Somerville and Mary Craig, equal. Grade III—1, Emma Atkinson; 2, If aid Lu minis; .3, Lena Rooney. Grade 11-1, Silas Somerville; 2, EinmaLath-
em ; 3, Bertha Black and Mary Tubman, equal. Primer II —I. Bernice Dale; 2, Louisa Lu minis; 3, Mary Ann Stewart. Primer I—1, Chas. 1
2,	Creighton Lathem; 3, Bertha Mulli gan; 4, Clarence Smith; 5, Earl Lang 6, Roy Bradley.
Margaret M< Farlaxe, teacher
ow

ummis
Do you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.
Maggie Thompson; 4, Annie : 5. Birdie Hughes; H, Jennie
See our Mr. J. R. HORNER, Shawville. He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
nn
r,
o


particulars apply to
S. E. WILSON,
Cascades P. O., Que
(Signed.) HARRY CROUCH


z
>

L

1

!


###PAGE###2###

*
ROYAL ELOQUENCE.
ECCENTRIC MILLIONAIRES
dear old houet a-nd no many nioe people; but my mother is not quite mo well, and I feel I ought to go to her.”
* I am very sorry,” he murmured a been
Lmpaaaloned faoe with absolute hor-” Is this madness V* she murmured. 41 Why. I thought you hated the girl."
" So did I, mother. God known I tried hnrdeat to hate her, schooled myself to believe that I detested her, would not suffer my eye to linger upon her faoe or my memory to recall her gracious presence. And yet in spite of it all she drew me. 1 believe Providence meant her for me—that my brother trained her for me—that all things have tended unawares to one happy ending—ehe is to be mine !"
*'If you do this thing, Victorian— if you, my son, with your opportunities, marry so far beneath you, 1 suppose you know that you will bnsak my
heart Î”
•' 1 know that I will do nothing of the kind, mother sweetest. There will be a feeling of disappointment, no doubt. You would have preferred to the Las lunar coffers replenished with the wealth Danbrook made in t lie trade. Hut this regret once past, you will rejoice in your new daughter, she lias been as a daughter to you already, though you did not know
)
It is not many months since there
(1 Is appeared f man the streets of St.
very
•ffrrmrle» sud	Perform Ikn
Menial Tatkt of •peeeh-ifnitlns
Few people have any idea what an eo-amount of lutwir and «.ireful
ror
UNREQUITED LOVE.
u familiar ami
Petersburg
pathetic figure in whom only very few ^ ^
reovgniwd om «>( the wealthiest eub- (bought ,h# eingl„ Iloy»| <tut, of pub-
jt-<otn of the Czar.	. , lie awaking involves; many seem to
As the aOrubda.in.iT Slid ... an obi-	thflt the Prince w Wilts, ft*
The fact may not be generally tuary not ire; *	" k > 6 11 y ,mW instance, has his speech#* on the tip
known that long before the little him, for everyone whs P<‘‘"> 101 * n of ^is tongue, ready at n moment’s Havarian village of Oberainmergau at one time off am»ther (<• ,niMSl ,e notice. So far is t Ida from the 'truth, became Itikiwu throughout the world old man, bent with age, poor y > *“ . t^ pUh|lo speaklng represents, pur-for the performances of the “Passion going everywhere on foot, looking like Piny” giiven there it had a wide re- a beggar to whom one felt impelled putation in the CatMie countries of to give alms; or a mLver, whom one Europe for the excellence of Us wood felt like reproaching for his thrift
eerting. mmt uf which reprcsn.O »hiJe pit,in. hi» fur hi, MUy inreligious subjects.	“
In 1705 a man named Joseph hang
To bo Continued.
my

PASSION PLAY CHARACTERS
" Have you r
tiou with the
Lash mar.
Hr.stikia told them how the spirits ef 1 he deed had been her frequent visitants from the time she came to live with Mrs. Minchiu ; how they had held converse with her and revealed secrets which ate dared not impart to mortal
she spoke ef those revelations, and the
turned white and sick as he read.
lie held the slate towards Nest indue, pointing to the words with tremulous finger, and the statesman’s pale cheek blanched a little as he deciphered them.
' Have you any other question to ask. ?’• inquired trriselda with an exhausted six.
" No. I will ask no more,” said Lash" It is holding communion with
e
mg In com m unie a-it world f” asked
ticularly in the Prince's came, more trouble than any other duty Royalty Is called upon to perform. From time to time members of the Royal Family have to S|>euk upon almost every conceivable subject, and were they not careful a thousand pitfalls would await them.
It im generally admitted that the Prince of Wales is one of the most remarkably successful public shakers of the present time; he is not eloquent, but he is marvellously accurate as to statistics and details, and has a wonderfully happy kuack of saying the right thing in the right place and at the right moment.
As must famous speakers do, the Prince makes use of all throe methods of public speaking according to the character of his addresses; his brief speeches, such a* acknowledgments of unimportant addresses, etc., are mostly entirely extemporary ; more lengthy speeches he prepares and commits to memory ; and the must lengthy similar and important are generally elaborated at the time of speaking from cop-notes. or read from a carefully
fii^ytios." This seeming Iwggar, m®, and cripple was possessed of
6he trembled visibly as
mar
and the ownar of vast
many miUio
properties in the owp 1 »¦. <me of the
Largest markets of which t»ears his
B
twitching! about her pale, expression- | the devil." bvui eye# became more marketl
'In all thee# siririt communications of gratitude to Mrs. Mine bin, looked have you ever received any message with undisguised horror at the woodfaced medium, bowed hastily to both and hurried from the room.
* ‘Don’t lie frightened or disheartened," said Neatorius, when they were in the hull waiting for his lordship's phaeton, to drive up to the porch," " there may lie nothing in it—a mere clever trick, perhaps, which we aie not able to discover."
" Trick or no trick, it is diabolical,"
muttered Lashmar
devilish pencil to put down my worst fear into words—a fear I have hardly
wits in the 5*irvice of the monastery
at Ettal. When that institution was
was
And he faltered a hasty expression
suppress d, Ling's occupation gone but he was a handy man with tools and with colors, and wandering down to Obérammergau he halted th to a little to wo if he c«uld work hiwiHt'lf in with the iindustry al- | ready eetabUshed there of toy making At first he made simple frames of the plainest w>rt but soon he began to^ paint wiooden figures of saints, »pos-tles, Holy Virgins and Christs which he imported from Tyrol y ml sent back there to be soûl
bot h name.
Many am using steries are t old of this millionaire in tatters, and of the mistaken charity of which he was the object. He rarely refused alms offered to him, and in cases where I*-op Le offered him of their poverty he would track them to their homes, and the following day would send them
charity
of practical value V aake<l Nestorius; but this question seemed outside Gris-elda*s power of apprehension.
“ Those eotnmuuications are not to be measured by the common standard,” said Mri.Minohin tartly, "if you mean to ask whether the spirits have ever named the winner of the Derby or prophesied a rise in railway shares, no—decidedly no; and 1 should cease to believe in them if they lowered themselves by any such paltering with
en
see
iron
since
on
it.”
back anonymously their increased a hundredfold.
The fact was that hie Life was one
There was a pause, a silence which seemed long. Victorian still on his knees by his mother’s chair.
”1 have m:'**od her sorely,” she said at last, "yea, sorely. She comforted with that low, sweet voice of hers
llow came that
Then he opened a
long search for objects of hi# great
and the moat pitiable
carving department and before long
Ï„ilm,rgàûr vKtogt-rf *woriiù-g tr	»* St Pelereburg was really
her reading ha. been a kind of muaio. him. bulb aa career. e»l cU.rvr,	voai Meira." who died two
which soothed my tortured neives. ^ this business—a great enlargement
She had been very sweet, in fini ley (>f ^t,[r previous trahie of mere toy
as sympathetic as I would making.
But you are
grosser things.”
“Then 1 fear the spirits will not avk»o\vle<1ged to myself? Such thugs
said Lashmar, inua^ come from direct traffic with
ni<
bo able to help me “ 1 am trouble*! by the disappearance Satan. 1 L'gin to think our ancestors of some one who is very dear to me, were not such fools as we take them Do you think the spirits will loll me have been when til ay burnt witches.
And as for Urbaiu ^randier, 1 dare he thoroughly deserved the stake".
at Zurich, was a
y wins ago
millionaire-hermit, who led u pauper'» life while enjoying the revenue of a ions
lie had, however, une extra- composed, and fully worked out copy
for while he would grudge in typewriting.
patient,
ever allow her to be right in your accusation, Victorian, I was never kind to her of a hard race, a race
bang had eleven eons and ten of
how to find her If”
" Try the slate, G rise Ids," said Mrs. Mine bin, and the medium silent ly pn>-
prince.
them became carvers and one a painter and gilder in their father's establishment. One til the sous. Gêorgt pride of birtili has been ever a kind | Langi developed much business talent of religiiui. It is diifio-ult to stoop perceived the advantages of widen-wheu such prlds as that is bred iu our bone, the heritage of a thousand gen-	agtwcies in many countries
¦ay
vagance;
the mwsiiieat ooin for any article of
Wo come with whom
The manner In which the Trine*.
CHAPTER XXII.
* ’Look for her among the dead 1” Those words haunted Las lunar like the cry of the Banshee. They kept repeat-themselves in his ear all through that seemingly eternal evening, as he sut at dinner and heard the frivolous babble of his guests around him.
At last the kibble grew intolerable to him and he went off to his mot h-
would spend and we take his case as being typical.
ceeded to obey.
First, she drew forth an old-fashioned Pembroke table, covered with a cloth of particularly Philistine Fho took off the cloth and
persons! mcessky lie thousands of pounds to secure an ad- prepares speeches of the two latter
dilion to his gallery of pictures. This kinds is generally as follows: Suppos-rmirveiious collect ion, which was be- iug he has consented to open a new
hits death, wing to an hospital, at which cere-
business connections and cstab-
LUg
green
pattern
put up the flaps of the table, leaving all clear lieneath. Then from another
Questhrnl to tin* State uiu
eratieus. And fur my son to marry ^iefly IU Russia. Uo had six sons, j|n(,lutletl f^wev than 12,000 paint- nmny it is intended to appeal to the a girl of no parentage—a domestic in ulj (>f whom followed the trades of	u( which 201 weire by Rembrandt, charitable and accept " purses,” he ub-
The ‘by i,uv.vs do L yde. Ill by Durer, I • us from the secretary of the hus-and 80 by Scboengauer.	P^al a history of the institution, and
When the Oounuvw Raiseh of Ron- its work, full statistics, concerning its died 1.610,000 francs were financial position, its capacity and its
nig
iiis mother’s house!
part of the room she brought two oi-d in ary school slates, a small basin of water and a sponge, and carefully washed both elates before the eyes of Lashmar and Nestorius, who watched as intently as if this slate-washing had been the most delicate ot suigical
carving, painting and gilding
Her father was an Oxford grade- yOUagtiflt of these sons, Johann, muc-
cc «ted to his fit tie; s business in “My dear Victorian, consider the jgji uu<j wafl perhaps the cleverest
of the Lino. He went
158
ate!'*
m s room.
He had not seen her since the morn-	herds of Oxford graduates, tl,nvn	to
Hb bad liven with her for a few	tile	eons of Oxford hair dressers.	I eo- f,,>m
minutes before breakfast, and had	pie	will ask whv your wife is.
found her very low and nervous, too	can	you answer themf
ill to appear among her guests. i "I will leave the answer to time , tralia. lie was on terms of acquaint-Lashmar found hia mother sitting and the lady who bears my namo. lier j	„	„
by the fire in her morning-room, with beauty and her genius should be an everywhere and her book table and read mg lamp bo- all-sufficient answer. Hut she is not ; ^	Krug of Oberammergau."
of mine yet; I am talking like Alnaschar. | Again and again the villagers w ished
God knows where and when sh-i and 1 to m ike hum Burgomaster or Magi-may meek I am haunted by a hide- 8irate, but he would not accept the i foreboding, tortured by the mad- portion. in 1817 he was a rich man, dening iteration of
man in
found secreted m her rooms; ami in needs, its possible developments, and
nil much facts. Then a mewlwr of the
man
country to country ail
over Europe and in America, England, Russia and Aus-
a bundle of mothnoaten ©urtaine was found a box containing
mg
llow
had bin agent#
40,000 fence Prince’s clerical staff is set to work I woman upon all reference-books dealing with
operations.
When the slates had been dried*
And yet Lis* Strange
few «hillings a week, and the locality in which the hospital is
situated, to make BOW of any fact
more.
Lived on a grudged a halfpenny for a candle to
light her to bed.
The richest man in Southern Ari-
eccentrio, plain-living old
with psopLe in high position
was sometimes eall-
G meld a allowed the neophytes to ex-
them, while she produced a
odd bits
ance
bearing upon the need of the hospital being extended and brought to a state of efficiency, such as the growth of the population and the influx of *lh# poorer classes.
A very similar method is adopted if the speech is to be read straight from a oepy, the only difference being that the data, after being edited by the Prince, is then written by him into speech form, the manuscript ot which is subsequently typewritten. This, needless to say, entails considerable additional labour, especially to the Prince, who i* not fund of writ-
amine
crayon box containing some of slate pencil, about tire third ul an
side, her, but with no appearance having been reading. She was seated in a despondent attitude, gaming
zona i# an party of nearly seventy years of age, whose vust possessions in mines, cattle, and lands are valued at 2,000,000 dollars, and yet this double-dollar millionaire lives with his family of a wife and several sons and daughters in a
inch long.
" Will the spirits write upon slate with one of these pencils ? ' ask-
the
dreamily into the fire, ühe started at ous
six miserable but two yearn Later he was poor
awing to his almost unexampled gen-“What vordsf”	cruelty during Oberammergau's long
“Look for her among the dead.” ordeal of trouble.
utterly. Both Nustorius and 1 have And then he told bus mother the "The King of Oberammergau" shone hunted for her all through Brumm.'story of the date-writing, and how fwtJti very brightly
he had tried to look upon the whole part (*f the village was burned and
thing as a folly, but had been dis- many families wore homeless ur withr
out father or brother to
them.
e*i Nestorius.
” Yes, a spirit will write. You can
choose a piece of pencil."
" Thanks, may 1 mark it ?”
“ Certainly.”
Nestorius took out his penknife end notched an N upon the butt end of
her son’s entrance
•' Well, have you heard of her ?” she | words.” said at once.
“ Not a word. She has disappeared
The virtues of
mud hovel which with ail its contents would be dear at 150.
The floors are of hard-packed adobe, the windows and doors are of the cheapest pattern, and a drop of paint never applied inside or out. The
S3S« SSssS =5s
work whether th«,	hud „re- ^ ^	^ a ^ recipes
for cattle diseases, and his solitary Luxury is “plug Lonacctx”
whan a large
The police can do nothing to help us.”
the pencil.
The girl placed four chairs round
Then Isuppom we must resign traded by the import of W»rds which the table. Then she put one slate on ourselves to the idea thut she has ! see med w> interpret his worst fears, the tup of the other, with the xu.uk- gOUe forever,” said her ladyship. “She
e*i pencil lying iu the hollow epsoe be» ^ been very ungrateful.”
Then .Mrs
was
ing
“Wan it my brain that impelled the pencil? he said
“ Uh, mother, what cause had she any electrical power which transmit-Minchin, Nestorius, Lashmar, and for gratitude—except to my brother ? ted p eaning through a se f-act ing G-riselda sat round the table, holding what kindness have you ur 1 ever slate pencil# It seems like madness ich «'tlicr’s hands, the medium giv- gbown her?” ing Lashmar her left hand, while with
The Queen, never prepares a speech,
“Had ray thoughts
for nowadays she never gives voice to one of such length to make notes or other written preparation necessary. But, of course, it ia impossible to say whether lier Majesty mentally prepare# those little and rare spoeohei of hers which have such irresistible charms.
The Duke of York Ls not often called
tween the two frames
To those
sent vu Lue to hti.m or nut. who cuuai not work he gave food,
“My poor Victorian,” she murmur- shelter aaid clothing. in 1849 ho was
poor simply from hie lavish giving. He had oui y two soils, both of whom he had educated un the law. Thus the spell of the succession in the craft of woodworkers was broken and the business passed into other hands. One of thgy sums was Long Burgomaster of the vwagv and wua better known to the outside wdrJtl as the Caiaphas of the “Paasiun Play. * Another descendant of the house, Antun Lang, follows the culling of a pottof, and he worn the highest praise in sk the character of Uhristus in this y performances of the sacred dram
“ We have given her such a home as ed, “to think that you who were once her right she held the slate under the Bhe could have had nowhere else. But j so sensible should fill your mind with table, her right thumb showing above for
ABOUT THE PIANO.
If the piano is much used, It should be so placed In the room that the upon to make speeches to prepare for ILrht will slrike over the left shuul- which much research is necessary, but
der of the player. This sometimes	“““time to tim.
necessitates leaving the back of the ^e discourses addresses which for piano in an exposed position, which
Ln the case of an upright is not s very com,., *»t.	0» way to ^^m^uj caryul^par..
remedy this is by fitting a piece of j5xce,1)tiutf the IVinee of Wales, he le tapestry into a frame of some plain colored heavy cloth, and stretching
It across, completely- coverïipf—£
Panels of vart be hung in this way, and one woman who was handy* with her brush, »tretoh<*l burlaps over it, painted a pretty frame and then Uled In the spioe with figures of dancing
g to*1».	________
kindness she would have had such follies! On the eve of a general
election, too, when you want all your
our
to earn her bread by the sweat of Grise Ida then told Lis b mar to ask a her brow. She must have been a do-
the table.
wits about you.”
Lashmar walked up and down the room in silence, tor a few minutes? and then came back to his mother’s chair and stood looking down at her.
"You are not very angry with me, I hope, mother,” he said softly.
“No, Victorian, I am nut angry with I am only angry with Fate,
mes tic servant or a factory girl.”
“ She would never have remained a
question.
• Have you the power to answer my
terseness, accuracy, and force are quite admirable, and which show un-
in
question ?” he asked
There was no reply. They waited for geniUS| mother.” time in siisnce and then the
servant or a factory girl,. She is a
And then Lord Lashmar told his
some
jredium suggested that Lashmar and mother about the proofs that he had Nestorius should change places; r<vl<j and of Nestorius'a and the pub-tv hereupon 'Nestorius placed himself Cher’s praise.
next the medium and held her hand “What then?” asked her ladyship.
the liest public &i*uaker in the ltoysi Family.
you
which fashions all things so different-
rJS'WSS
X
T S
SAVAliK HAGpE^L^
I know something I won t tel», sang the widow bander* utile girl as little girls hive don* e.er sinoi language was invented.
Never mind, child, said the Savags BicheWr, you'll <?et over that habit
when you get older.
buck ofthejijà T oxifl xjd?lfiPK n fc
05
ly from our dreams. To think that this girl whom we both despised should have changed the very current of both our Lives. What cun I say to you? If you choose to marry her I l cannot hinder you. I am deeply disappointed and deeply chagrined, that is all. 1 feel that my life has been a failure."
“You will not feel that, mother,
•• That book is the fruit of refined sur-Two minutes afterwards they heard roundings, of years of elegant leisure, a violent scratching on the slate, i tell you she had the strongest rea-Whr*n they looked at it there appear- Bon8 for gratitude^and yet knowing
herself useful, almost invaluable tome great minds in all the to me a sick woman—she leaves me
without compunction without a word
in hu=
RIVALS
The rival candidates both drove out to u village near Manchester to deliver rival speeches. They had both been asked to dime at the house of a farmer who held some political sway.
When they reached the farmhouse, felt unwell.
His companion had a ravenous ap-
ed the Col lowing words
“ BelW
weirds there is commun ion—Nelly."
J
The message was flattering to Nes- 0f regret." tori us, but somewhat futile. The sig- j « Then j ou do miss her mother ; you nature had a frivolous air which re- are fond of her" exclaimed Lashmar,
| with flushed cheeks and brightening in the days to come, when my wife is
to you as a daughter. When, with
" Fond is too strong a word " she God’s Wees ing, you shall see her child- petite.
“She is one of my guides," answer- . **j Lke my servants ; I become ren rise up and call you blessed. Hooded Griaelda gravely. "The spirits are > attached +o them even when they are night, 1 will not stay with you an-here and will answer. Ask what you uaeful and i^thful; but I am never other moment. We have talked too will. You oan write your question on £on<| 0f ibern." a slate if you like, and no one» here need know what you ask."
PERFECTLY RAW
WITH ITCHING ECZEMA

pel led Lashmar.
"Who is NeJlie ?" he asked di scon-
one
eyes
tentedly
Mr. 11----, said the housewife, with
some indignation, 1 see you are not eat jug much! 1 know the dinner isn't first-class, but it is the best I could
Terribly Painful Case of Burning, Torturing
Eczema, Which Was I horoughly Cured by
Using Dr. Chase’s Ointment
A
much for your strength already. Shall
get up.
My good woman, the dinner is perfect; but 1 am ill. In addition to that, I have to make a speech immediately, and 1 can’t speak well after eating freely.
" But she is not a servant; she is l send Barber? gentle born, has been highly educt- “Barber," repeated her ladyship She gave Lashmar another crayon ^ j* gifted far above other women out of her crayon box, and, unseen by mother, be human if you can. You better come to help me to bed the rest, he wrote bis question on one know that you miss her sorely, that -m a good soul, but when I am ill she
she has grown dear to you."	always makes me worse."
that the slates " Necessary to me, perhaps, Victor*
with a sigh; “yes, I suppose she had
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
torture which is caused by the After trying every available remedy
without success, and almost hope ess
The
Uons'of 'eczema makes it one of the of relief, she began using Or. Chase’s Yes, responded the woman, with	t stressing of ailments, while Ointment. She has altogether used
The following case is reported as Wright, Norval, Out. After such a which Illustrates the extraordi- grand success, is it any wonder that nary control which Dr. Chase’s Oint- we recommend Dr. Chase’s Oint-
my CAPITALIST.,^.	.. thl. .g.
Jhe e wâs a l u l kno.k at the dour, r	M an anti«vptic healer, which that have convinced physicians of the
"Let ’em all cornel* he chuck! d, as j Bpvadily and certainly brings about , truly wonderful power of Dr. Chase's
^ œS
remaining true to the Lib ra, cause * ared to he helpless before the dread- for yourself. You will certainly be« —ihe caller was a Conservative cham- fui ravages which the flaming fires come an enthusiastic admirer of Dr,
- -.....
"This li ks Klondike into fits MarjT* ^rs Knight, 17 Hanover Place, To- ing skin diseases, Dr. C%ase s Ointment
have took four-and-a-tanuer 1 ’	foot. Sh* could neither walk nor sleep, blackheads.	60 cenrt# • bo* stall
Aud be calmly sat down to wait and it became so bad that she was per- dealers, or Kdmaueaa, for the next.	fectly raw from her toes to her knees. Toronto.
of the slates
“ Is it necessary
should be underneath the table#" ian, but not dear." a^ked Nestorius. “Could they not be "Yes, she has become dear to you," through the long, sleepless mg
those words haunted Lashmar with
“Look for her among the dead!"

pleaded Lashmar, kneeling by his ' Yea, ' answered Griselda ; "above mother's chair. “Yes, my mother, say
the table if you like.”
At her direction they all stood up In a circle and held Une double slate above the table. For some minutes there was silence; then came the scratching sound as before; and Lashk felt the vibration as the pencil
three
held above it ?"
a mechanical, senseless repetition.
He determined on going to Brumm
man a to ravenously
dear to you, for my sake."
"For your sake, Victorian I What direcUy after breakfast next morn-
He would endeavor bo see Uri-
one
ing
can you mean # ’
“ For my sake, mother ; yes, for my sake. This friendless waif, this orphan daughter of a demagogue and destructive, this spawn of the radical gutter is just the one woman I will have for my wife. One woman and one only have I seen straight, truthful, original, independent, scorning fortune when it was at her feet, daring to live her own life in the teeth of adverse circumstances. Such a one will I honor and reverence. She and
l
selda alone, free from the influence
of old Mrs. M inch in.
He went to his mother’s room immediately after leaving his own, but waa not able to see her. Barber informed him that her ladyship had had one of her bad nights and was trying to get a morning sleep.
Lady Carmimow appeared at the breakfast table, which was altogether an unusual thing.
“1 am going home directly after breakfast. Lord Lashmar," she said “I am dreadfully sorry to leave this
mar
traveled along it. Then cam ' sharp taps with the pencil, signifying that the message was finished. Lashmar turned the slate with fev-
Henidel
who knows its merits
The spirit message
srish eagern
written In a corner, the writing

the reverse way of the medium's position.
' Look for her among the dead !" no other shall be my queen." TUa> was the *aa**ug«
Lady Lashznar looked at her sat^i
Lashmar

i
\
j Jk


###PAGE###3###

ï
^ i n


V
r

â #
ml Emray Lou, because, for aught | and the aol» grew slower, and the she knew, South and
, t	_ "Ain’t I swept over every Inoh of
Heaven and breath began to mine in long-drawn this here school-house myself and g
much else might be Included in these	quivering sighs, and the next Emmy	ried the	trash outten	a	dust-pan?
points of the compass. Ever siince	Ixw knew she was sitting upright,	grumbled	Uncle	Michael,	with	whai
Uien Emmy Lou had lived with the	trembling in every limb, and some	inference	nobody	just
thiee aunties ami the uncle; and papa | one Comfimg up the stairs—she rould had been coming
I
THE FIERCE LIGHT
Toronto Letter.
car
* «irtllaa Revelation» t ou re nil nu Rmlnmi
Perso an*
"bord Salisbury'a condition Improved a lit t Je yesterday ordered to take a bran-mash
them stopped
Then with the air of n
The Court of Revision Grants Aeother Big Exemption -Tasteful btreets, Australia's Name.
to inquire.
a huudred mile* | hear the alow, heavy foot falls, awl . mtotreuted, aggrieved peraon who
moment later she .aw The Mae-th, tmU» hinwlf a victim, he p.uaed be
Th,	Em„„ i „ir,j“:j zi*	r.«	¦ ~ui- *.........- - *—
He warn
a ml
<mce a month to see lier
«orne sliced carrots, and this morning was aid" to eat a little chopp d hay.
Ilia temper has not been improved by I ugain resulted in the individual hiH illness, and he recently kicked a |	able to unload his responsibii-
boy so severely that th to be removed to the hospital
The wisdom of the Court of Revision
Mao—with I floor
Lou's second year at a certain large told that she was now in the First the broom across his shoulder, reach 4
and fitted a key in it# lock.
public iohuoJ found her round, chubby	Header. If her heart had jumped	Uie hallway, and make	toward the	lady," and he flung openIhe'duor^The
•etf. like a pink-cheeked period, end-	at ,hfl ab,‘rp aoc,!nt8 °* Misa Clara,	open doorway of the	First-Header	light of Uncle Michael', lantern fell
it now grew still within bei at the	room» Runny Lou hr.hi	bar breath,	full
slow, awful enunciation of the Large stiffened her little body, and—wait
Here it is
youth had	community. It is just
annou d that the exempting of >c 'The above paiagraph, which appear- I Margaret’s College from taxation is ed recently in an evening paper, did | tu *** followed by the freeing of St. not refer to tin* Conservative I’rsm
ier, but to ono of Lord Salisbury's | P^faaan^ appendage which is at-
to commercial institutions
lng the k>og line of intermingled little boys and girls making what was known, twenty-five years ago, as the First-Reader class
upon the wide-eyed, terrgr-eniit
........	,	, len Person of Emmy Lou, iu her desk
Lady in black bombazine wiho reign- ed. Hut The Man pausing to light his awaiting, her miserable little
ed over the department of the First pipe, Eminy Lou, in the sudden respite] knew twit what horror.
Emmy Lou had Reader, pointing her morals with a thus afforded, slid in a trembling heap spent hei fust year in the Primer heavy forefinger, before which Emmy beneath the desk, and on hands and
class, 'vfuMe her teacher, Miss ( lara j lx)u's eyes lowered with every aspect ] knees went crawling acroee the floor, by name, had concealed the kindliest
- Andrew s College from this little un-
h, art
tached
four -footed namesakes
"She—she told
iii'* to stay,” sol>-Lsl Emmy Lou in Aunt Cordelia’s
'Hobs is a skinny, undersized ran- generally. Nor is it so little after all
"and 1 stayed; and the Man | didate at the best, and his very few ft#r	aniount exempted in these
he two colleges is said to be 1101,000. This
turns
of conscious guilt. Nor did Em my And as Uncle Michael came in,
Lou dream that the Large Lady, meut after, broom, pan, and feather-whoee black bombazine was the visible duster in hand, the last fluttering sign of a lose by death that bad made *>dge of a little pink dress was disup-it necessary for her to cuter the Paring into the depths of the big, school-room to earn a living was find- I empty coal-box, and its sloping lid ing the duties incident to the First wafl lowering upon a flaxen head and
really good points
a mo-
lt is true
came, and I hiid in the coalboxl"
And	Aunt	OûrdeëB,	holding	her I < oritlives to win favour wherever h(
close	sobbed	too,	and	Aunt	Katie | goes‘ And other and better competi- I neighbourhood of $2,000	per	year,and
tors have to give way to him ; tut	^y *û%ply applying to	the	Court of
it is whispered that this is more due	Revision the whole of it	is shouldered
to infernal wire-pulling than hon- onto the people of Toronto. St. An-
And the teacher I efl^ merR* We hope he will soon he|<1,ew’8 College, 1 believe, occupies the
house and grounds of the Iste Sir
of hearts behind a brusque and energetic manner, and had possessed, along with her red hair and a temper tinged with that wnlur also, a sharp voice that, by its unexpected snap in attacking some small sinner had caused Emmy Lou’s Little heart to jump many times a day. Here Emmy Lou had spent the year in strenuously guiding a squeaking pencil across a protesting slate, or singing in chorus, as Mise Clara's long wooden pointer
means a tax bill, somewhere in the
or.ad, and Aunt Louise and the lady visitor cried, and Uncle Charlie passed his i>lump white hand over his eyes, sod said, "I'hhavv!”
of the First Reader, when she heard I halved/
Reader almost as strange and per- | cowering Little figuret crouched with-plazing as Emmy Lou herself
Uncle Michael having put the Emmy Lou from the first day I room to rights, sweeping and dust-found herself descending steadily to I wRh many a rheumatic groan in the foot of the class; and there she re- I accompauiineDt, closed the windows,
raatned until the awful day, at the I und	out, drew the door after
went up and down the rows of words I c]us<) 0f t^e fjrst weviti when the him» und* «* lus custom, locked on the speliiug-chart; "A-t, at; b-a-t. Large La(|y| realizvng perhaps that K hat, c-a-t, rut; or a-n, an; b-a-n ban; ahc could no longer ignore such ad-
c-a-n, can." hrnmy Lou herself had | horence to that lowly position, made | elders wondered so little idea of what it was all about
This is not one. of Dr. Leyds1 cam- ^-uvid Macphcrson
m
When the place was used foir a residence the owner
about it next day, cried hardest of
them all, so hard that not
Cordelia could against her.
Aunt Pai#n announcements, but
cherish a feeling Ir,hin of a fam,>us prise ram
I swept the board at a cattle show,and | turned into a place of business the
taxation is removed. There are a good
a oi it i
which I P6*** tease. Now, howevenr, that it
even
ie
capiuie l the prmcpal medals "Joe Chamberlain sat down to table j f,lanJr theories of taxation in the air, at 2.16, and swallowed the first f if - I ^ut in Toronto, at all events, the plan teen eggs with wonderful rapidity. | no1 yet been adopted of taxing The potman timed h
COAXING MORPHEUS
Meanwhile, at Emmy Lou’, home I ,	^ trnditian tbat tb,i h,,ura °f
"You don't * * ^ l>efoire midnight are hours of
the diecovery that while to Emmy Lou I kutiW Emmy Lou," Auut Cordelia,	*‘,ep mean, only that late
tbat she wa, dependent on her neigh-, "d-o-g" might spell "dog" aud "t-r-o round, plump, and cheery, insisted tu	b" a,Way beaU,y- Tbousan,la
bor to give her the key to the proper might epell "frog," Emmy Lou the lady visitor spending the day	^ teetlfy tbat
starting-point heading the various I «mid not find either on a printed "Emmy Lou never loiters."	8 jT" ot a#ep from len to
columns—"a-t, at," or "a-n. an.' or page, end, father could not tell Aunt Katie, the prettiest auntie.	Î	¦
alter that it wherein they differed when found cut off a thick round of melon as they „,1	v°	T"'"®
was easy saUing. But on. awful for her; that. also. Emmy Lou made «row, from the table, amt put it in C	8 ?
day, while the class stopped suddenly her figure 8's by adding one linear- the refrigerator for Emmy Lou. "It I ,, ,	T ,	, “W"t g0Od'
• t Mies Clara's warning finger as	tain tittle o to the top of another	km» a joke." she remarked, "such	I	u !"	T	^ "" 8
rieitore opened the door, Emmy Lou,	uncertain little o; and that while	» baby as Emmy lam going to school	IT	f	P	.	.	are	erowin«J rb«,r
ker eyes squeezed Light .hut, her	Kmmy Lou might copy, in smeary	anyhow; but then she has only a	acid	gas. If they can
Uttle body rocking to and fro to the columns, certain cabalistic aigns off square to go and come."	^ tbe room “ a ^ place f,,r
rhythm, went right on, "m-a-n, man," I the blackboard, she could not point Hut Emmy Lou did not come. And )	"JT a T j,e*‘,lea' plaata U8e
"p-a-n, pan ’-untU at the sound of I them off in terns, hundreds, thou- by half-past two Auut Louise, the '	°£ V* °^geD' ,and
her own sing-song little voice rising i sends, oir read their numerical values, youngest auntie, started out to find	^	'
with appalling fervor upon the silence to save her little life.	The Large her. Hut as she stopped on the way	L	human system.
ehe stopped .to find that the page in Lady, sorely perplexed within her- at the houses of all the neighbors to r r	r	“ d“r‘ng ,lh*
Uie meantime had been turned, and self as to the proper course to bt* pur- Inquire, and ran around the corner i m 1 ,ir 1UUIM'1 ,tr g<nng that the pointer was directed to a sued, in the sight of the fifty-nine | to Cousin Tom column beginning "o-y, oy."	other First-Headers pointed
e/ully, and lbe bornes to the exclusion of the busi« 'lu; au hence, who were mostly pugi- n<Wfl places, as both householders and lists, watched the performance with ] business men well know.
No Redeeming Feature.
So far as I can see there is no jut-
m < a i
great interest
The first fi. teen be
six
mg disposed of, Chamberlain look a
minutes rest, and ihen fell upon the I tification whatever, remaining eggs, which were fried in these institutions. They inform butter. fie devoured them at a ter-| Parf the work of educating ufio rate, and eventually won purse of $126 for consuming forty I l^^form, For education of this stand-cooked eggs in twenty minutes Lie I ar<*» institutions are kept up by citi-seemed none the worse, and declar- I aHne in different jwirts of Toronto|
and if some peopls either must or will Moe Chamberlain' in this case was I keep their sons and daughters
re-
for exempting
Vt, et.” "o-n, on”;
no
our
the I youth that the state is not ready to
ed h-m.sell" still hungry.1
• ... - awa* hampuon 'rom public institutions and send
The announcement f *l<:,n tc private colleges, then they
caused a sensation, and was cop ed.	prepare, and 1 Iwjieve they
with additions, into newspapers a 1 prepared, to pay for the privilege.
over the country. Many people in re- ^ by then should citizens tax them-
mote districts ac ually believed that | s*dves to keep up an institution in
the famous politician was referred to
a negro, who posed egg-swallower
as a t
are
This has been ascertained by scientific experiment, though most people think they sleep soundest just before the time when conscience tells
Macklin’s to see if a con-1 Emmy Lou could be there, and then» dunning forefinger at the miserable being but a few doors off, went on little object standing in front of her | around that corner to Cousin platform, and said,
the
existence
not
of which they
one
country p.. p-:r :	I i0ftJ likes to put it as broadly a#
The I'rince of Wales s satin-like [ fbii*s, yet after all, ia there really
uc b difference between
Among other things incident to that first year, too. had been Recess. At that time everybody was turned out into a brick-paved yard, the boys on one side of a high fence, the girls on the other. And here, waiting without the wooden shed where stood • row of buckets each holding a shiny tin dipper, Emmy Lou would stop on the sloppy outskirts for the thirst of the larger girls to be assuaged, that the little girls' opportunity might come—together with the dregs in the buckets. And at Recess, too, along with the danger of being run Into by the larger girls at play and having the breath knocked out of one’s tittle body, which made it necessary to seek sequestered corners and peep out thence, there was The Man to be watched for and avoided—the low, square, black-browed, black-bearded Man who brandished a broom at the
do
The following appeared in a big
believe.
While
Am-
You will et ay I anda’s. The school-hoime, when she Emma Louise, that 1 finally reached it, was locked up, with further into your | the blind* down at every front
window, as if it had closed its eye» Now Emmy Lou had no idea what I and gone to sleep. Uncle Michael
them to get up.
Insomnia often cornea from overeating. A little dieting may do more good than a lot of doctors' prescription». Moire persona suffer from overeating than from overworking.
A young cihi/Ld ought to have at leant two hoars' sleep in the middle of the day, on precisely the same principle that makes you feed him twice as often as grown persons are But two hours ia plenty in moat cases, and the mother always has to guard against a nap so long that baby will not want to go to Bleep again when bedtime comes.
Sometimes the sleeplessness of children is owing to excitation of the digestive organs. In that cane it is a good plan to allow only vegetable foods at the evening meal.
Long, deep breathing kept up i long as possible by will power is the meet generally recommended remedy for occasional sleeplessness main aim in such- cases is to keep the mind from thinking. This is some tunes accomplished by the strain of keeping the eye fixed on some point in the ceiling, or keeping the will fixed on the effort not to move even the smallest muscle. Monotony will put any man to sleep in spite of himself.
Most psychologists acknowledge that deep study of any subject just before going to sleep may result in something like a revelation as to some phase of that subject, the mind through unconscious cerebration accomplishing wonders without the assistance of the will. Passages to be memorized should lie repeated several times before going to bed.
after school,
head and creamy-yellow and maun
complexion, were, on the whole, the I lnF an educational institution most noticeable features. The Prin- ! do nof believe in, and in supporting a cess was a bright orange colour, wi h 8ta*c church ( Re mem bar it is no! violet spots, and was much adm.red; ! case of supporting a system of but the artistic droop of the Prince, education in general
support-
may examine
qualification» tor this grade
w#
it meant—"examine further into your qualifications for this grade."
It might be the form uf punishment in vogue for the chastisement of the members of the First Reader "stay after school" she did understand, and her heart sank, and her little breast heaved.
It was Lhen past the noon In those days, in this particular city, school closed at half-past At last the bell for dismissal had
rung. The Large Lady, arms folded Cordelia sent the house-boy down-across her bombazine bosom, had town for Uncle Charlie faced the class, and with awesome Uncle Charlie arrived—and it was past solemnity had already ônuuicated, five o'clock by then—some of the L,ul. gnls win. di upped their apple- i “Attention"; and sixty little people children of the neighborhood, having uvfes and crusts orn the pavements,
and who shook hie fist at the jeering little boys who dared to swarm to the forbidden top and eit straddling the dividing fence. That Uncle Michael, the janitor, was getting old and had rheumatic twinges was indeed
had a way of cleaning and locking the front of the building first, and going in and out at the back doors. Rut Aunt Louise did not know this, and, anyhow, she was sure that she would find Emmy Lou at homo when she got there.
Rut Emmy Lou was n-ot at home, and it being now well on in the afternoon, Aunt Katie and Aunt Louise and the lady visitor and the cook all started out in search, while Aunt
That was
of | «'‘U fully provided for before this col-drew 1%B* was thought of
and the bright-green gaimeut leaves which encircled him,
%
It is the state
support of an institution which do it took a goo 1 deal of searching I 110 * f burden of education from in the context to show that this was i *sbouI lers of the state, and which an account of a flower show, and that j f Xlfl:e certainly not for the purpose
<T binding our people closer together but became it is select
more attention
Rut
‘•S
fed
some new dahlias bearing th names were being dee tided.
IU jVt
recess
This
free country, and [ have no ob-
is a
'Compensation is being claimed,
ran another paragraph recently, "on I Action to people sending their account of th* m sdeeds of Lord Rose- a,,d daughters where they like, only bsfy, On Saturday nfgh the parkI^ 1
gates being open, Lord Ros. b.-ry rush- | sc^',uIs °f tha public system let us ed out, and, tearing down th
one
sons
will not
make use of the
J ust as
nut go out of our (way to h ip them
s.iett
** | in a paroxysm of ex itement, s» iz**d | to UP anot her set which
ferred bee;nisi
ire pre-
hejr are pr i ite. The Jung h seri »us, and, as I predicted n few weeike since, the desire for exemption his spread.
one ui M and killed it j greater part o; the fowl, f< ithi rs and j all, and continue i hi h adl ns li ht I stopping at the cross-loads to kill a cat. Finally, do bit a little boy rather severely, and was taken home by the keniielman."
The above concerns a w 11 known gie) hound named after the great Literal leader.
found a small boy living some squares off who confessed to being in the First Reader with Emmy Lou, arrived also, with the small boy in tow.
"She didn’t know 'dog' from ‘frog’ when she saw 'em," siVue small boy with the derision of superior ability, "an’ teacher, she told her to stay after school. She was set tin’ there In her desk when school let out, Em in y Lou was."
had sat up straight, when the door
li U k r s he as by the ne k He then bolted tht
opened, and a teacher from the floor above came in.
The
The citizens must 8 op it before it eats too f ir into the taxabl
At her whispered confidence, the Large Lady left the room hastily, while the strange teacher, with a
property list, and also get th se institutions buck on the piying list from which they should have been taken..
hurried "one—two—three, march out Uncle Michael’s excuse, but Emmy j quieUyi ohUdren,” turned Lou did not know this, and her fear
never
and fol-
lowed her. And Emmy Lou, left sitting at her desk, saw through gathering tears the line of First-Readers w tt(i u.uan i the room and file out the door, the aoWd of theij departing footsteps along the bare corririors the minute school was out," she <1 and down the echoing stairway com Glared. "Isn’t the new lady, Mrs. ing back like a knell to her sinking Samuels, your teacher?" this to the heart. Then class after class from1	“Well, her daughter, Hat-
tie, she’s in my room, and she
of Uncle Michael was great accordingly.
But somehow the Primer year wore away; aud one, dav. toward eioae U» in- prescue
lolemn-lodking gentlemen requested certain little boys to cipher and several little girls to spell, and sent others to the blackboard or the chart, r -Lie to Emmy Lou was handed a
Taste and Dirt
Ih* incisive Edward Bak has been dealing soma smashing blows at the badly, and his nose is very hot. D ugs sloping car companies, because they have been a in ni tere l wi h u mu h | Permit riot of bid taste" in their result, and drastic treatment
/’Lord W vise ley's ha r is f omi
But a big girl of the neighborhood objected. "Her teacher went home
g u

e of Miss Clara, ’two

interior decorations
Most laymen
necessary. He was much admired at I W01Jbl feel a little timorous about the display on Saturday, but it was | at tucking a combination so strong noticed that his eyes watered a g. o 1 deal/
s cm
I
and dignified
1» the desi/ners of palace sleeping care, but most
are a hi
above marc hod past the door and
its clattering way, while voices from 8ick* and her mother came up to-our
0 ‘imer’ 0P°U at 1‘ige 17, wtnrh she outside, shrill with the joy of release, room and took her home. Our teacher wn '< told to read. Knowing Page 17 oame up though the open windows	went down vnd dùimisüed the
by heart, and identifying it by it. ulk, ^ laughter. together with ^Read»rs"
pictures, Emmy Lou arose, and her | ^ patter of (eet ^ the 5ricks. Then “ d°n t care if she did.” retorted
as these familiar sounds grew fewer, fainter,
la ted footsteps went echoing through the building, a door slammed w here—then-^silence.
Emmy Lou waited. She ed how long it would be. There
was
on

men
to speulr ou upon lack of
1 hi 06 n »: e er to i h • Com
m •
sue taste nearer home and yet
I of Lake an all too when be I f:luliliar example, Spadina Avenue. I
er-in-Cbie., vut to a p izv 1*. rsiau tom-cat who was cut o/ sorts.
do no- do so
/‘Paul Kruger ran riot found h mseif free, and tore round I do no: re^er Particularly to the pav-and round in a circle, fin illy up et-| ^ll ^as doubtless been a sufficient cause of taxation and
the small boy. “I reckon I saw Emmy Lou settin1 there when we corns
PRACTICAL JOKING.
email voice droned forth in sing-song fashion;
The practical joker is a nuisance Util should be abated by law. The Penalty should be so severe that no one would indulge in a thing so entirely senseless and lacking in humanity. The aim of the practical
joker is to bring about a condition of misery, or to put a friend in
was wringing ridiculous position. The practical
"You don’t know Emmy joker belongs to the oat-tribe, which
Lou, Charlie. If she was told to stay, always plays with its victims, eujoy-
ahe has stayed. She’s locked up in ing their distress
that dreadful place. What shall
do, my baby,	my precious baby-------"	while	watching his victims endure
Aunt Katie	was in	tears,	Aunt	torture.
Louise in tears, the	cook in	loud There	is	some element	of humanity
Perhaps lamentations,	Aunt	Cordelia	fast	lacking	in	the practical	joker
should bu classed by himself and confined far the benefit of the general public. It is the practical joker who kills people by pointing a gun up near the I resolute elders with scornful wonder, which ha "didn't know was loaded"
farther away, some be-
away."
Aunt Cordelia, pale and tearful, clutched Uncle Charlie’s she’s there, Brother Charlie, locked up in that dreadful place—my precious baby----"
"Pshaw!" said Uncle Charlie.
But Aunt Cordelia her hands
How old are you, Sue?
I an as old as my cat.
And how old is your cat?
My cat is as old as my dog. And h-ow old is your dog? My dog is as old as I am.
ting a vudge, and ending with a rough-and-tumble fight with
soria but 1 refer to its gener 11 air of untidiness and dilapidation
Mi
Some-
Then
arm
I he
Lamp. The> were gepai ted w.tli difficulty, hqiii being rather ba.lly 16nin8 hunks moth eaten, unsightly mauled, and Kruger, es-apng a an I holws disfigure the boulevards, the
wonder-was
wooden curbing Is broken and there
«an completely round the field a ting up all tho game and killing a I “ ‘ <?eueral air o£ shabby genteel
' >™°'	,	22, % ÜSU 2IR.
1 his is not one o. Corn Paui a vag- I but in th - meantime, why not hive a aries, hut refers to a pointer dog at | general rejuvenating of the surroundings. Fhe street ought t<» 1* one of the very finest in Canada and a vigorous cleaning up would work wonders.
Having so delivered herself, Emmy watermelon at home for dinner; she Lou sat down, not at all disconcert- | had seen it borne in a great, striped to find that she had been holding her Primer upside down.
p.t
ed promise of ripe and juicy lusciousness, un the marketman’e shoulder be*-
1J
fore she came to school
And here a tear, Long gathering, splashed down the Little pink cheek.
Following this, Emmy Lou was told that she had "passed"; and seeing from the jubilance of the other child-
l'hey belong to th; age of Nero, who was happiest
a field-trial
N
we
THE LOVELY FLOWERS
Still that awesome personage pre-
ren that it was a matter to be joyful over, Emmy Lou went home and aiding over the fortunes of the First-told the elders of her family that she Headers failed to return had passed. And these elders, three this was "the examination into—in-aunties and an uncle, an uncle who to—" Emmy Lou could not remember was disponed to look at Emmy Lou’s what—to be left in thin big, bare
chubby self and her concerns in room with the flies droning and hum- | er pockets, gazed at the crowd of Lr-jocular fashion, laughed; and Emmy ming in Lazy circles
Lou went on wondering what it was ceiling. The forsaken desks, with a I "What you wanter do," stated tlie a* aoiûe one and unexpectedly comall about, which never would have forgotten book or slate left here and I small boy, "is find Uncle Michael; he mitting murder. Another brand of ¦been the case had there been a mother there upon them, the pegs around the keeps the keys. He went past my W&ia idiotic class rooks the boat and among the elders, for mothers have a walls empty of hats and bonnets, the house a while ago, going home. He drowns the girls who are with him, way of understanding these things, unoccupied chair upon the platform Lives in Rose Lane Alley. Taint't aB<1» happily at rare intervals, him-But to Emmy Lou "mother" had —Emmy Lou gazed at these with a much outer my way,” condescending- self, come to mean but a memory which sinking sensation of desolation, while I ly; “I’ll take you there." And meek-faded as it cams, a vague conscious- tear followed tear down her chubby I ly they followed In hie footsteps, ness of encircling arms, of a brooding, face. And listening to the flies and It was dark when a motley (hr,mg tender face, of yearning eyes; and it the silence, Emmy Lou began to long I of uncle, aunties, visiting lady, neigb-was only because they told her that for ®v*n the Bombazine Presence, I bora, and children went climbing tie Emmy Lou remembered 'low mother a°d dropping her quivering counte-1 caver nous, echoing stairway of had gone away South, one winter, to nance upon her arma folded upon the I dark school building behind the toll-get well. That they afterward told desk, she sobbed aloud. But the time I Is* figure of tbs skeptical Uncle her it wm Heaven, in so wise confus- I was long, and the dav was warm,1 Michael, lantern in hand.
Fhe Kingdom of Canada
Lovely flowers are the smiles of God’s goodness.—Wilber force.
Flowers are the sweetest things that God ever made and forgot to put a soul into.—H. W. Beecher.
The Australians are going to call their confederation, the "Dornmon-wealth" of Australia. This many think a better designation than "Dominion' as being leas ambiguous. In What a desolate place would be a | thin view th^y have given Cicada one
better but then ft is doubtful, whatever in fact, whether technically a confederation of colonies under a mon-without a welcome. Are not flowers I arch is correctly termed
the stars of the earth f—and", are not | wealth* Howcftf Britain and her
great cokmies are teaching the world many new things in government and certainly there is more r«il freedom in the common wealths Australia Oanada ham there Diner, to restaurant waiter; What | « iu that country which is unriouhted-
have you for dinner?
Waiter
He
hysteria.
The small boy from the First Reader, legs apart, hands in k nicker book-
verging ui
•Il JI
world without flowers 1 It would be a face without a smile, or a
feast
a c i>m in on-

our stars the flowers of heaven ?—Mrs Balfour.

•mi
ORDERING BY THE CARD
SOMETHING NEW.
Merchant: What’s the matter with your writing this morning—new pen? Bookkeeper: No, sir.
Merchant: New ink ?
Bookkeeper: No, sir.
Merchant? What then I ; Bookkeeper : Neuralgia.
!y correctly described as "The Great
—srssss: I
potatoesoollegpuddingmilk tea andcof- | console ourselves with the thought
th&n "KLngdein*
which is the title usurier which Osm-ida appears m the first drafts of the Br^Lh North Amènes® Act.

the
fee
Diner: Give me the third, fourth fifth, sixth, eighteenth, and nineteenth
syllables.


)
a s. a
i . û


i
à
\
y
###PAGE###4###

k

Removal !
THE GOVERNMENT SUSTAINED.
Laurier will have over 50 Majority when
Parliament next Assembles.
;the equity.
DALE BROS.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . •
SHAWVILLE. Nov. 8, 1900
SigBsiSsSE
The Result
HAVE
REMOVED THEIR
The result of the elections throughout the Dominion on Wednesday last indicate pretty strongly that the people of Canada desire to give the Laurier administration a further lease of power for the next five years. The figures to hand show that in the province of Quebec at least the premier and hia right bower, J. Israel Tarte were not in a praying mood during the campaign which has just closed
loss to the country
Tinware Shop
CONSERVATIVES ELECTED
LIBERALS ELECTED
HEAD-QUAHTEHS FOB
ONTAHl
ONTARIO
to the premises on
Pickanock Street
recently purchased by them and recently occupied by G, W. Swat man.
Carleton, Kidil.
Cornwall» t'rii g’e.
Dundas, Broder.
West Durham, Thornton.
West K gin, Robineon (Iud.) Frontenac, Calvin.
South Grenville, Reid.
East Grey, Sproule.
South Grey, Richardson.
Hamilton, (2 members) Bruce, Barker Fust Lambton, Simmons.
North Lanaik, Rosamond.
South Lanark, Haggard.
South Leeds, Taylor.
Lennox, Wilson.
Lincoln, Lancaster.
Fast Middlesex, Oilmour.
North Middlesex, Sherritt.
Muskoka, McCormick.
Nipissing, Klock, (accl.)
North Ontario, McLeod.
Ottawa, Biikett.
North Perth, McLaren.
Prince Edward, Alcorn.
South Simcoe, Lennox.
Fast Simcoe, Bennett.
Toronto Centre, Brock.
“	Fast, Kemp.
"	West (2) Clarke, Osier.
South Victoria, Vrooman.
North Waterloo, Seagram.
South Waterloo, Clare.
South Wellington, Kleopfer.
Fist York. McLean.
West York, \N allace.
Both well, Gordon.
South Brant, Heyd.
West Bruce, Tolmie.
North Essex, Sutherland. Glengarry, Schell.
North Grey, Horsey. Hrldimand-Monck, Thompson. East Huron, Macdonald. Kingston, Britton.
West Lanibton, Johnston. London, Hyman.
West Middlesex, Calvert.
South Ontario, Ross.
South Perth, Erb.
North Renfrew. Mackie.
South Renfrew, Mackie.
Russell. F iwards.
North Victoria McKay.
Welland, German.
North Went worth, McMullen. Wentworth, N. Brant, Patterson North York, Mulock.
Harness,
Collars,
Bells,
Whips,
Robes,
Coats,
Rugs,
Blankets,
Elections are not won with
I noth Mr. Tarte, and there fur doubt that he knew
prayers
eeems no room what ho was talking about. If things throughout the country were conducted in the same manner as they were in Von tiac, and it is not unfair to assume they another and much more potential
Cutters, Sleighs Sloops,
Customers will find ua with

A full line of Goods
were
agency than that referred to by the Minister of Public works, was set in motion. In certain localities in this country it moved things Murray wards with adroitness that was simply astounding and the result is that the
Washers, Wringers, Churns,
Sewing Machines,
md prepared as usual to execute all orders in the Jobbing lint* in a prompt and .satisfactory manner.
an
DALE BROS.
Axes, &C.
seat
Shovels,
PONTIAC
which Mr. Brabazon would have won in a fair tight has gone to the man from Pembroke, but not by that one thousand majority we hoard of some weeks ago Conservatives of Pontiac put up a tight that they need not be ashamed of, and their defeat, considering what they had
to contend against, was by no
The party who like true men
gl'EUER
WOOLLEN

Argenteuil, Christie.
Berthier, Archambault.
Charlevoix, Augers.
Chateauguay, Brown.
Hochelaga, Madore,
La bel le, Bouraesa.
Laval, Fortin.
L'Islet, Dechene,
Lotbiniere, Fortier.
Maekinonge, Legrie.
Miasiquoi, Meigs.
Montmagny, Martineau.
Montreal, St. Aimes, Gallery.
St. James Desmarais.
St. Lawrence, Bickeidike St. Mary's, Tarte.
The
SMART & SMITH.
MILLS.
means a
disgrace ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
etood to Mr. Brabazon in the tight can take consolation from the fact that they
o
This well-known anil reliable establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
went down with an honest man other fellows, who in various ways were “ persuaded* to support Mr. Murray welcome to him. V e can stand it.
QUEBEC.
Beauhamoie, Bergeron. Champlain, Rosseau.
Dorchester, Morin.
Jacques Cartier. Monk.
Montreal (St. Antoine) llodkick Nicolet, Bell.
Sherbrooke, McIntosh. Yaudreuil, Lapointe.
aie
«*
r-
u
Pontiac, Murray.
Portneuf, Delisle.
East Quebec, Laurier.
West Quebec. Dobell. Quebec County, Fitzpatrick. Richmond and Wolfe, Tobin Rouville, Brodeur. Hyacinthe, Bernier. Shetl'ord, Parmalee. Temisci'uata, Gouvreau. Three Rivers, Bureau. Yamaska, Mignault.
The presidential elections» in the Vnited States on Tuesday place McKinley and the Republican party on toj four years.
Drugs Chemicals
and
for the next
Our stock of Glotl]
Invludlmr all the finest makes in
NEW ltRVNsV* U K

CANADIAN SOLDIERS RETURN FROM SOUTH AFRICA.
Forty Thousand Glad Acclaims to Ottawa’s Brave Soldiers.
C.irleton, Hale.
King.’*, E«*w 1er.
Northumberland, U ibinson York, McLeod.
SERGES TWEEDS WORSTEDS, &c. &c
RUG
9
9
Xu\ A M'OTIA
Colchester, Uouiley. Halifax, Burden.
are needed every day
NEW BRUNSWICK
Gloucester, Turgvau. Reatigouche, Tucker.
St. John’s City, Blair. Whstmoreland, Custigan.
• -A
Forty thousand people of the Capital turned out and acclaimed Ottawa’s portion of the brave body that won worldwide honor and fame in defense of the flag and Empire. It was one long cheer from the time the boys in khaki left the Elgin street station till the Parliament Hill terrace was reached, and the wildest enthusiasm prevailed. A monster assem blage heard the addresses to the soldiers and the message of Her Majesty the
9
will be found choice ami complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
V. E. ISLAND
Kings, Macdonald*
West Prince, Hackett.
In the Kitchen
A. HODCINS
PROROPRIETOR
NOVA SCOTIA
MANITOBA
9
Annapolis, Wade. Cumberland, Ligan. Guysborough, Fraser Richmond, Mttheeon Shelbuoinc, Fielding
Vanilla and Cream Tartar for Cakes, for instance ; one is a drug, of course ; the other a “ chemical and there others—Suives of all kinds, Cloves, Cinnamon, &c.
The best place to get drugs is at a Drug Store. The Druggist knows more about them than other people. We keep a good Drug Store. Come and ask us about
Kitchen Drugs.
Macd maid, Boyd. Provencher, Lariviere
1
j^O DIFFERENCE.
N. W. TERRITORIES
East Aseiniboia, Lake.
Queen.
Stirred to the depths because of the ro turn of her gallant sons from the war, Ot tawa, on Saturday, gave the heroes
undoubtedly the greatest
ever
are
V. E ISLAND
Queens West, Davies.
a re
INDEPENDENTS
Prescott, Out , Cloran. Winnipeg, Man , Puttee. Vancouver, B. C., Smith
ception that
outburst of popular enthusiasm
known here.	_ , .	.
Everybody out, everybody had a Mag, thousands had horns, and in a hundred ways gave expression to their feelings of
The fact that the name of
was
our place of business lias been changed from Park man to Starke's Corners makes no difference with us.
We are still in the old stand, doing business on the same fair, square dealing lines and ever ready to meet the requirements of our customers.
MANITOBA
Brandon, Si ft on. Marquette, Thompson Seiko k, McCieary.
The Shawville Drug Store.
yy
It was the official home-coming of “ I> " Company of the Royal Canadians and the remnant of the gallant band which left Ottawa a year ago, had come direct from the battlefields to their home in Canada's
V All wanted to see how these men looked. They had seen the healthy, vigorous loc king soldiers who had been invalided t> England and had returned to Canada in the very pink of condition, but different looking men were expected to return from South Africa.
The welcome was the most whole -s ul-
ed ever given here pectantly looking forward to this homecoming of brave men and nearly everybody in Ottawa was out. Between forty and fifty thousand people thronged the
streets.	.	. .
It was a happy idea to have the train
enter at Elgin street a* it undoubtedly re
lievddjrhe congestion of people at and near
the Parliament buildings.
There was the official character in this welcome which was not so marked when the invalided soldiers came home. “ D " Company, under command of Maj >r Rogers, had been given an official send-off. All during the war the hearts of Ottawa people have been particularly interested in “D " Company. When the gallant Royal Canadian Infantry went into battle over the rolling veldt, or lay beneath a blazing sun for hours, slept in the drenching rain, or climbed the steep kopjes, Ottawa’s Company " D " was It held the honor of the capital in its keeping. When news of casualties
came the question at once was “ are any
‘ " So the hearts of HHHlHbeen with
N. W. TF.RRIT0RIK>
West Assinibuia, Scott.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NEW ANI) COMPLETE
STOCK OF
»
The Vote in Pontiac.
We are Agents for
The Winchester
M VERITIES
Ml HR tV
M
ll
Polls
I1RA1AZON
Summer
AU
lit*
,1»
Quxvn t hisluu
18
4
27
Rifle
Goods
50
12
<>2
«I
$0
2*
i
All had been ex
:»w
1
t*
57
lit
Bristol
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market,
and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
20
50
70
il
$3
Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and lO Gauge, slightly discolored, al SI.SO
per hundred.
IV|cDOUCALL and CUZNEIfS Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
do
13
43
off
Clarendon
23
0
82
do
48
>7
75
d
TEAS! TEAS!
• • •	e e e
79
2ff
105
a
mix
i
60
lOff
4ff
Shawville........
P. D. Felt.......
Bryson...........
Calumet Island ...
21
28
49
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
ff
12
2ff>
J
33
81
do
75
19
74
Thorne
72
3
75
d
26
Leslie..........
Litchfield......
Vinton,.........
Mansfield.......
Fort Coulonge...
Waltham.........
Chapeau ........
Allumette Island
ffO
79
19
25
Just
Canada’s Sons Kopje and Veldt
44
FRESH and CURED
42
Published
28
8
36
15
MEATS
19
2
21
on
101
122
21
do
there
127
143
Iff
Chichester......
Sheen ..........
Des Joachims....
Aldfield........
Alleyn & Cawood Duhamel.........
An authentic account of the Canadian Contingents in the South African War. By T. G. Marqis, B. A. Introduction by Very Rev. Principal Grant, L, L. 1). Based on the official despatches of Lieut.-Col. Otter and other commanding officers at the front. Complete in One Volume, 500 pages, richly illustrated, only $1.50. Agents coining money
Iff
60
44
• •
3
of all kinds at
Ottawa men hurt ! the people of the Capital have
** D " Company.
The congregations of many of the city churches have prayed regularly for the safety of Ottawa’s boys at the front, from thousands of loving hearts have gone up prayers for the safety of the boys from the Capital. Though only a remnant coming home it was still D (
9
17
8
12
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. Œ. McGUIRE,
• •
s •
1
8
49
57
do
GET FREE PROSPECTUS
do
Guignes
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
BRANTFORD, ONT.
was
Com-
* Mr. Robt. Surtees of Ottawa, under whose direction waterworks and sewerage are being built in Arnprior, has won a $1,0<K) prize for plans for sewerage and waterworks. Last year, says the Journal the corporation of the town of Levis. Que., advertised for competition plans to bo the best system of waterworks and
for the town of Levis. Ue-
THE LATEST RETURNS
pany.	. ,
Many had come singly or in pairs from
the hospitals in England, some lay beneath the sod in far off Africa, but few or many it was " D " Company returning on Saturday, and as befitting such an occasion the city turned out in its largest numbers and there was never a doubt about the gladness of the people.
A summary of the returns received up to noon Thursday shows the general result by provinces to be as follows :
Proprietor.
«y*


Lib. Con. Ind ..	33	54	3
..	57	7	0
..	P	5	#
..15	5 0
..410 ..	2	3	2
..310 ..121
.303 Calibre.
Ontario..........
Quebec...........
New Brunswick..
Nova Scotia......
P. E.I...........
Manitolw.........
N. W. Territories British Columbia.
Total........
Liberal plurality over Conservatives, 46 Four elections are yet to be held.
sewerage
cently the judgment has been given in elaborate report which indicates a : ful and conscientious study of the differ eut plans submitted. The judges g Biraillage, Chas. E. Gauvin, C. E Que bec, and Jeremiah Gallagher, C. E. director of waterworks, city of Quebec, who have awarded the first prize $1,000, to Robert Surtees, C. E. Ottawa and the second prize of $500 to Messrs Berlinguet & Le may, civil engineers, Quebec.
an
< .
Savage Magazine Rifle.
*
care
,kf
Tenders Wanted.
were
:
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.
Tenders for work on St. Matthews church, North Clarendon, will be received up to Saturday, Nov. 3rd. 1 Ians and specifications can Ik* seen at the Hcc tory.
T.a4.™ to be	to ^
Rector
.	124 78 6
One rifle takes six different cartridges. Point Blank Range for Hunting.
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete lwe Catalogue.
OO., UTICA, N. Y.. U. 9. AMERICA.

i

V
1


#
m


râ


1

I
>
X

t

4
X
\



###PAGE###5###
\
ï
/
\
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No me.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
1.0 F
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY TltVHHtiAY
at BHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A VC AS IN ADVANCE.
pmr No paper «topped until all arrearage* e paid, unies* by special arrangement with ubllaher.
M
The Coming Struggle.
Meet* the 4th Wednesday ot every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor-¦¦ dlally Invited.
H. H. Haknett.F.H
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.

LHC
A. SMILEY, Prop.
The die is cash for Nov. 7.
J. A. Cowan, R 8.
J. W. Eadp.h, C. R
:o:
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
ADVERTISING HATES i
Legal advertising. eight rent* per link for drat Insertion and four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at H.UO per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
The Frost fit Wood Company (Limited)
Steel Ploughs
84 Nepean St., Ottawa. Ont.,
High grade
Please listen, ye Grit and Tory, whether you vote for Murray or Brabazon, don’t forget that the G. F. Hodgins’ up-to-date Store is now stocked from cellar to garret with Fall and Winter Supplies secured by our care and foresight in buying early.
Lumber cl All Kinds Bought and Sold
CUXSWXM ENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns-
CommU.lon Butin... a Specialty.
Are in every corner of the Domininion. Our ploughs are looked upon as the standard by which others are judged. To such a degree of excellence have we attained in the manufacture of ploughs that competitors are
ploughs to be equally as good ; but farmers have learned by experience that they absolutely rely on ours being the best, and that no others are “just as good.”
Always in stoc^ at
ItKl KHKNOFs by rr.RMlSBluN :
Ih-iiiri Murphy. Pres. Ottvws Transportation Co. F. W* Avcrv., Hull Lumber C'o.
J. T. Hlilrriff, B B. Eddy Co.
LatchfoflUk McDougall, Barristers.
John Henry & Horn.
H N. Bate 4 Hon.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order* by mall promptly attended to.
obliged to represent their
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
can
F. M.A. McNaughtoq.B.A.» M.D..C.M.
The spot spot for —
A Fashionable Hair Cut,
Graduate of McGill University,:
Office- Residence of the lute Dr. II. H Knox, Shaw ville.
Office hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Dress Goods.
We have the latest things in FALL DRESS and WAIST GOODS, Trimmings, Linings, all up to the minute.
Call and look over our lines. Plenty of Specials not usually kept in other stores.
Your Turn next.
A. SMILEY S

D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.
/
l
)
/
y
)
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University. Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orrici amd Resides©» : J. H Ahmmthonu'h House, MAIN STREET - - 8HAWVILLB.
P. S.—Blankets, Robes and Harness.
and
JEWELLER
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK Of
watches,
CLOCKS,
jewellery.
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
LEGAL.
i
BOORBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L. L

?

I

4SR
—4 »
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
SlIAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY.
1
k
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
A
Specials for the next few weeks :
Ladies’ Jackets, Furs and Capereenes to suit the most fastidious.
Rki-uhino—
A SPE< 1ALÎTY.
WILL VISIT
m.
WM- GAMBLE,
SHAWÏILLE, Q.
BARRISTER, Ac
Hoorn 20, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
Sbawvllle, second ami fourth Thursday
'of each mouth.
over G. F. Horigins' Store. Main 8t.
•t
District and Country.

s


J
Parties from the township of (irithih and Mstawatchan report that diphtheria has broken out up there, and has taken hold of several families. The disease has been imported from the adjoining township of Denbigh.
Mr. W. O. Lott, of the township of Wilberforce, has been awarded a $6 00 prize for h s big squash, weighing 205 pounds, which was shown at the Banville fair. Mr. Lett sent the squash to the Rennie Seed Co , from whose seed the Hpia&b was grown, and they promptly sent their premium for the second largest quash grown from their seeds.
o
At
V*
:
!
G. F. HODGINS.
BABY No. 1
v

&
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
a
will save you $IO per cow
per year
The prices are net at list to and all alike—no discount.

advocate. BARRISTER AC*.
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC ,
Trust ““ÏÏgiïk. street. Ottawa.
Phone No. 1173.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.	_______
one



THE MARKETS.
reversed the mechanism and started backward,!
in the rear at intervals, and all were reWin. Hopkins, an old resident on Beck- Vtrsed. Finally, according to the eye* with street, Smith’s halls, came near witnesses, the motorman on the fifth car shuffling off this mortal cail a few nights brought it to a standstill, with the result *go. He got up in the night and drank lhat lhe ot|ler fOUr cats, on which the carbolic acid in mistake for water, and men j„ charge were practically powerless, had it not l een for prompt medical as- because of the crush caused by the excit-sistance, he would not have benn alive to- e(j passengers, crashed into each other day to tell the tale. He thinks he will with terrific force, and that anyone es-look twice when he takts a drink in the capfcj instant death is looked upon l y datk again.—Ntws	some as almost a miracle
W. W. IRELAND,
There were three other cars
Write for particulars to

4
W. S. CLARKE,
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD,
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Me)?tf ageiq‘etc., e^uted“ eguîly^nd S factorlly.
SHAWVILLE.
\
\
Wheat, old, (standard) 75 to 77c.
70 to 75c.
!>¦
;
•* new,
Oats per bushel, 20 to 25c. Pease per bushel, 00-to 55c. Fggs, per dozen, 12c.
Butter, per pound, 17 to 18c. Wool, per pound, 10 to 18c. Pelts, each, 50 to 5.n\
!/
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
• - Q™ «
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
money to loan on easy terms.
BRYSON, -
Will he in Shaw ville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
n
n
$ v
* v
x|

* 4,
*
QUE.
OTTAWA
Robbers Wreck a Train.
Baliefoi.tiine, Ohio, Nov. 3. —A band
„f masked men dynamited the safe of the Farmer’s and Merchant’s Bank at Jack Center, early today. It is stated that they secured nearly	The
bank building was wrecked and timbers blown through the windows of the
buildings opposite.
Citizens aroused by the explosion pour* into the streets, but were driven to cover by the robbers, who secured a handcar and escaped on the Ohio Southern Rail way without tiring a shot. It is believed the band is the same that recently robbed banks at Roundhead and East Liberty
$
Clarendon Council

rp H E
Butter, print, 26c. per lb.
“ pails, 19 to 21c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 18c. per doz. Potatoes, 40 to 45c. per bag. Apples, 45 to 75c. per hag. Lamb, 9 to He. per lb.
Mutton, 0 to 8c. per lb.
Beef, 'U to 5Jc. per lb.
Pork, *7 to $7.50 per 100. Chickens, 55 to 60c. a pair. Oats, 28 to 30c. per bushel. Hay, $8.00to $0.00 per ton. Wool, 14 to 17c. per lb.
PATEN TS
Town Hall. Shaw ville, Nov. 5th, l'NK).
Regular session of the Council this day. Members present, Mr. Mayor Thus Me* Favlane; Councillors, 11. A. i l< nig ins. John Stewart, John Smiley, and M. L. McDowell.
Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by conn. John Stewart, ed by coun. Job*» Sic.lcy, that the min utes of last meeting as now read be and - i hereby confirmed.—Carried.
Moved by coun. W. A. Hodgins, seconded by coun. John Stewart, that W. C. McDowell be further instructed to visit Quyon bridge and have Councillor las. Robinson to accompany him, and lay out plan of how the bridge is to be repaired, and abutments that are necessary, as well as the approach thereunto, and if the cost of repairs is too great they have power to condemn the bridge, and put up notices to that effect until the bridge is made ready for travel.—Carried.
At this juncture coun. Jas. Robinson
took his seat.
Moved by coun. Jas. Robinson, seconded by W. C. McDowell, that Road In spector James Harris, be and is hereby instructed to picket out the sideline between lots 2 and 3, 11th range, from the Government road to the front of the 11th Range. —Carried.
Moved by coun. John Stewart, seconded by VV. A. Hodgins, that Thomas A. Elliott be and is hereby granted his request,—that is, to be allowed crossing
said crossing to he on lot 12, 9th range, te get to Green Lake. Said privilege to be given him on his own condition?, that is, that he will rejmir and keep in pair said piece of road or bridge, as the case may be ; and further that prouer guards he placed at both ends of the bridge and a proper railing at both sides of the bridge. Further, that this Council reserves the power to close said pas sage in the event of it not being properly kept. —Carried.
Moved by coun. John Smiley, seconded by cotin. John Stewart, that road inspector James Warren get 200 tiles for Caldwell’s hill in his division.-Carried.
Moved by coun. W. A. Hodgins, seconded by coun. VV. C. McDowell, that John Strutt l»e jmid $7.00 for his attention to the Town Hall, giving out cedars and other things up to the tirst of April,
next.—Carried.
A4 this juncture the Council adjourned.
Hugh Mathkson, |Sec.-Treasurer.
PORTAGE DU FORT
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
mmup
m vietudp-onipireturnfraRSured
Roller Mill
eon

Write for our interesting Looks " Inventor’s Help” and *’ How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell ' free our opinion as to whether it is probably' patentable, «ejected applications have often; been successfully prosecuted . V conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal/ and Washington ; tnisqualifics us to prompt-/ ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents/ as broad as the invention. Highest references*
^Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in over loo newspapers distributed throughout
the Dominion.	.
Specialty : -Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts and Solicitors.
wore
J. J. TURNER,
hevidltl-
vou
LICENSED AUCTIONEER tor the County
HUB
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
are
Bristol Wharf
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,’
I Grants for Heroeo .
Toronto, Ont., Nov. 5.—The Globe announces officially that the Ontario government will give a land grant of 160 acres to each soldier who volunteered in Ontario for service in South Africa. It is also announced that each returning soldier will be allowed to retain the rifle which he carried in South Africa. It is provided that the land granted shall be relieved of all settlement duties and provincial and municipal taxation, except for school purposes, for a period of ten years, but if the land is transferred within ten years then the laws respecting such taxation shall take effect. The heirs or administrators of any volunteer who died on service shall have the right to select his share of land. All claims must be filed within two years from January 1st, next.
First Quality Flour.

i
9
*prs C, M. McLean,
l& Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
FERRY
o
CHANCE OF TIME.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bur always well famished.
First-class Livery Attached.
The undersigned having had two years' experience in ferrying passengers between Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will continue to do so this season as follows :
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor*
?
i

Leave Bristol Wl\arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and DOOR

FOR SALE:
A quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
Leave Sand Point
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.,
i
wmm
9],srlai notice, without charge, in the
Scientific American.
..............to have r.
under the road for his cattle,
Meeting all Trains.
GEORGE BALLANTINE,
Ferryman.
—ALL KINDS or—
WANTED 1
Interior & Eiterior jgk
FINISH FOR jTOr
Homos & Verandahs
Cars ran into Each Other.
Montreal, Nov. 5.—Passengers on the crowded car» going up the incline on Cote de» Neiges hill yesterday afternoon on the annual pilgrimage of the Archdiocese of Montreal to Cote de» Neiges cemetery, had a thrilling experience when a oar over half way up the hill, slid, causing a quadruple collision, in which six persons were seriously injured, and a score of others cut on the face and hands.
The collision was caused by a car, which had almost reached the summit of the steep incline, suddenly sliding hack. The trolley had in some way become displaced, and the motorman was unable to bring the car to a atop; in fact through the crowding of the panic stricken people rushing forward Into the vestibule, he unable even to move hie hands.
When the motorman of the next car going up the hill noticed the danger, he
.

me âtorriE „¥
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will be supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist la canvassing.
Archbishop Lewis Resigns.
Kingston, Nov. 2.—Today His Grace the Archbishop of Kingston resigned the chairmanship of the House of Bishops, which means hie retirement as Metropolitan of Canada. It is probable Bishop Bond of Montreal, will be his successor. Archbishop Lewis purposes residing in England for the future, hence his action.
MANUFACTURED.
doors, sash, newel posts, dressed
LUMBER, Ac. &v ,
Kept in stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POITLARI'HICES.
\
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD

i
McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Estimates furnished.
To buy well, watch the latest prices and In. formation in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer end Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goads Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
Samples ?ree
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
SCHOOL NOTICE.
Daniel O’Connor, Sudbury, a well-known prospector, ha» discovered a very rich mountain of iron ore In the lake Tamagami district in New Ontario.
Rev. Wm. Lennox Mills has been appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Ontario,
The time allowed by law having expired Ratepayers are hereby notified and rej
needed to meet current demands.
1 1 • IaAIy VI |
ShewTtllc, Oct. ». 19W.	Sec. Treas.
Apply to
O. K. GRIOG,
RENFREW, Ont,
'

un-


WSH









l
1


\
###PAGE###6###
i r
4
4
\

\
/
*	|th" ln,"l« will be the warmest parts. t If the invututor be In a cold room, it
f wiU r,,<luire ««re to keep the temper-1 atu.re even throughout the egg chum-
•	her.

I fm clegs of the animal and kept supported against his breast by a line
I secured to the dashboard Should the
I animal take fright and run, the line lN 8lmf),y loosened, when thv chain falls to the horses knees, throwing *lim ttu^ breaking his legs Ki*nius, alter citing the danger from runaways, not only to the passenger
hul t0 th® «teed itself, calls attention ,u ,ho absolute waste of energy- ,•*-oi tod by the horse in descending hi la , Hf also mentions the
' Arrl,ii"i,<	W«ry el animal
«•«» Mperte.ire |nim ct«r OIEc«
Tc\n* IIniuui Umrcli.
J On the Farm. -v
" PRMf RIPTION CAM-
w y
l* used in Hleodlng the various tea* used
IB conpriniag
i

SEED GERMINATION
AM sound seed conditions which
ly, and
Incuba tom

cannot be successfully
germinates under I u*fd unless the grower will shift give simultaneous-	every day, Insides the mere I
m the right proportion « sup-! «versing of the trays. Shifting will I wit]I displace all Jap»,, tea the same j moisture and heat.	IiU<* to Mring an even hatching. I kSala^a it displacing all other
.	lo Pla-nt or sow is	the legs of your hens are per-*	black teas.
a Vhich effecta the quickest com- wiatently scaly, dual them thorough-Ul> of the seed, and its strong My» <l»ub the legs with lard
subsequent


the
CEYLON UREEN TEA
Atiol her
bZT.IZ'Zr"'"""" ,0r ««""* "ur„y. Art , W sd^.
H.v of air.
I’hc Uvst time
and
In Lead Packets 26,31,40, Hag ooa
CHURCH OF FOUR STEEPLES
.	and sul- I
mu., ci
»eed« to Rerminate.	VhiokeM ]lko and will thrive
UMtenmg the coming up ot the «wet milk. Use glass or gla,cl feed
18 of great advantage, as the I illK vpawls planta gny»
rxpoNuro the
ls •objected to from storms
1 Ad rays of the sun
Poultry, Butter, Egg* and other
II you have any correspond with us
Produce.
_ _	.	¦»	J'„:r ,0° o,"LOA°»
The Dawson Commission Co ,
re of a
in summor. With
conven-
The horse is
on
... £e~=f'=e: i. „
more rarely told stories. When not "!	°f l1, ,he vehic,e bvin* ftrch-
ia necessary for chicks. All | otherwise engaged him fav„rite t | ‘ above hlm Tfaua he is perfectly
..........
Never pul egg* under a scale-legged of camp lore was i„«. V ,° K ammal 8 body, the ends of w hich pass in writin# by a properly qualified
I mark, he was, after much peraualiJn, ' UpWard ,h'0ll«h ,he bottom of (he I m,ldl<ul m:>n. induced to unbosom himself.
"tiere isn’t much 'to Texas fifteen 1 didn't know
The chief
an<l be sure that the I Mr. Bock
limited, Toronto.
up m advance of which lightens the labor of I milk ping the field clean
Manuring 1 h<- seed by steeping in-/•oft foods du.'ce
the vessels are not covered with
weeds,
DAW ON HABIBS* FOOD
LOUD cheers.
Men of Rugby, orted g*ve |	ïx»litio<41 honors, if
ward in owning forward all behind, us we wore before!
llien he sat down.
Nurses are also for-	___
wagon and are attached by chains to I bh*'*'" ,0 Uflv for their charges any	POg OVEk FIFTY VBA it*
a windlass above the flooring. Miuu d M1:1 <>f fading-bottle having a rub- I £fLZotk10/*9 flooTHIIfo STlüp the horse tie descending a lull or un- ,*r ,ube,# I luvse and ot hor equally 1 JJi •“4	^^4*u*#rïiîî
dertake to holt, the driver calmly Strmg*ml 1,1 wa kivo recently liecn winds on a crank and lifts him off ! unao,<><1 by liai French Government,	Mri Usowe
his feet.	I f°r* in deopiir of increasing the birth- ....
Ibis latter s heme is oertainly more I 1 11 *' ’** 1 b-t‘ tunintry, they are now ^ ^ ^ reasonable than the one for improved doing thdr utmost to save the lives , !
canal-boat propulsion, which, ul- ^ 1 b“ Aomfwra lively small number	° rorwi * manicure,
though not patented, is related by t,f Ulhiw ftr« born.	$100 Reward $100
i'be object to be attain*	----?---- The readers of ti i '
vent to dat town to hee dlsPOS0d of. Four holes are made in f0/*®* which the forests exert in equal- h,B‘K°1r ,,il	cure*
a half years * ^0I u dozent. Von deacon* he liked	walks on I he bed of t hr canal,
Jr*™-T.«;jvork	“¦
’ •"‘“Himation in his left |0,1 if at all. De oder deacon didn't bl,n In bis report of his first
H»* was taken to
kt
food
It is not generally known that in France It is
tih*> aspirant
a penal offence to any form of solid fool to babies
cs
you are so b,ick*
un-
we shad b#
ing a yur<* foundation for a subse qu -ni growth and t>nabltvi it to quick l.v outgrow dangers from insects.
fiic infancy of a plant is its va I iieriod
hen
cnti-
Se id m - mu mg supplies nutritive properties directly to the ll;ig plant at the time when
A STEANGÈ CASE
to tell. I
carnt
t lu
Xcars ago, und as
* vord of English, vent
EV4 TROUBLE WHICH DEVELOPED I1" San A,lt0,110 to look for a job. 1
INTO RUNNING SORES.	|a,u an aI'ehitect und voiked ft
old German rascal
V
It.*
oignne are yet unfit to seek its
l*kr nutriment
Boil.
pro
over a wide range of
r von
employer has trouble with is it wouldn’t do him
two years for #i5
-	i hot to m ike all
*7, ami Uvomry	..p« designs and gal. ulut ions, hut 1
.¦.n'r;:"'rv:rr "m,a,uv n,,k I ;,a7u free°d<,t a •»** - <«<>>,,tl>
to find out dot
IQ
much
UociofA *„!«! I, Ha* Ion mi minion of the * monl u»d board
Tin* vigorous
plant while young
guarantee of its full perfection and
ripening.
development of the . i‘s, moreover, a sure
some writer
my vork vas vorth
F?"m tin- Herald, Georgetown, Ont rtqiorter
more money
recently had tho|quu u,1d hung out my own sign.
Ill tree days I g(,t „,y first iode
Hen 1 gut mat und
0 u i pleasure of
IIEIFSR CALVES
calling on Mr. Wm. I
lhoinpHon, pa|iermaker, at Wm. Bar- *>ent,ent job. It vas a blun for a 11 Ih i & tirus, mills, a well known and ,18t church in a town sixty miles fr
• - —z ~H: vs? ™““
Female cal. ot are our dairv nnil on
recruits
1 btvkr proi>er rearing largely depends their future useiulm dairymen of scant that when
vm
ss. .some
vu
von flne decorated shtecple, und den through the us0 1 t(H>k m>' book of designs und de Pink rills. Mr blan und
proportions of
re-
a cow, no matter what markabl
r< cm e ry
Williams’
i k uitliy g a v
vie issu ml es she
encounters during of
hca- growth, she is then ready to be-I
Dairymen
Dr
Tlk in p
de deacons
tOrt follow
:ng information which will «peak m>tlons from 11	h bout two and
corne a
paying animai, should banish such false tlu’ir heads if they desire
COWS of
The	of the United
consume it is si id,
of picklw annually.
to possess ( my eldest nny merit. Remember that fift
St a 11-5 *00,004,000 buttles
son

A Man * a Man for a’ That,*
case, beside I J'ven ,f. he has corns on both feet.
.......	, "u* ‘ltl ls 11 sflonger, happier, and
périment to the directors and stock- 'v,ser man if he uses Putnams Pain-holders of the company' which he had ,(*M Fvrn Extractor and gets rid of formed, the inventor stated that ! ,h,‘ unsightly corns painlessly anrl at there was a failure owing to one I 0Ur®* reason.
< en
cannot he raised too well. It posed»
IMvs to force their growth all that
V u ;in' *)o Ilot S1°P them much with who ad\ ised
k< U! wh*>' or buttermilk. Feed eve specialist
bu,h t0 tht?Tn a fresh state, 'flier find out that In sl' iiid have the free run of a partial- of th>
1>‘ shaded
ca 1 v es
ex-
W P C 1048
ex e
a physician, care about the shtevplc
dut de roof
but
said
rue to take him to which 1 did. only
ras too shteep, und dv M to bicker said dat my bulpit was ul-had lost the sight r,ght for a Catolic Church, but , Ihv disease l()r 11 Bapust Church. De fire deaci
wrist, vaa rich gattleman und made
an
...CALVERTS
Teeth
viz., that he could not find a .single canal-boat that was not leaky, and strange, to may (in spite of assurances of the owners of the boats to the contrary), this trouble invariably made Its moon
not

S. Ofnt
ksve be. •
eapeilue . iafecté.
# eksti s
e\ (
comp.vteh
Mrs. Jbigg.’tiw—II
ms
pasture, m which there is spread frmu li-is a ^r ‘ - l growth ot mixed grosses, cou- | "hah bet taining some clover
eye to ins
,lvw 1,u ' Mr. Bugg,,W-H..w do 1
kiiK.w, I haven’t seen the bid yet. "UPli. U#W m2u#f%Lmllm
gsmmmim "
?" Ul,1,ev Part uf the ‘eg '° Ï bfu?? IV,cnoufldn't"getUa
%%z ::	** »• «
A ut 6 o'glock next morning de that deacon vat vas shot in de

vaa over dcy got J. I could tit swear I tried u hundred
aim, und
appearand*e as as he had prepared the bottom
of the boat for hid mule and launch- l hrough tlieir members have t' st fi
ed u*	1 t*;1 fto. [ho ettiouoy of Putnam
i ainlesa Corn Extractor. It pro-
>okes no lino of demarcation, scouring aIiko the good will of tlm highest «ud the most humble, and with strict impartiality, removing with
celerity the
TH K LKA UN ED SO I ET 1 ES
SLATE, TILE »m4
•s
METAL ROOF* ^^*u.*4,'s'>S
— - * - - - _ __ A ##.
I
Evveet skimmed milk from i lie .sej make 1k»ne ami sinew f
is it
OKI
comes reamer y will >r calves
,!1y	* little oil meal be added
Brights Disease
nator or
Ceslnr» New „ 1*.	-	-
KoflUfe TwfoeW)
VS
equal
corns <,f each. Try Putnam a Corn Extractor
!*<
to it
LAW

A looking glass is kinder to us than the wine glass, because it reveals our defects to ourselves only, while the latter reveals them to our friends
TO «’NIK A (OLD It OVR IU1
A“*
•iimtlure Ison fwhboi. 25o
Hit- trunk of the elephant has fewer than 4,(MO ,
so laid Cuvier, I he fain five anatomist
mufidt a of
geilMM- only number 5-7
mint
destroy black ants
awk
M hen your fruit trees h;i rk
Catholic Prayer
••AUtLJUâlâ
l* the deadliest and f____
psinful maladv to which mankind isMibjrrt Dodd # Kidney Fills will
lose their
Qvar tho ground, look out for ^’'^oiced coiwniij
• These pests will eat ..ff a tord le of bark next lo tjyo soil. Frequent
most
¦Mere.
OriftiAMl»
U ot ; n * h oDd loul by thv doctors
black ants
Uhl I w
i s
arm, came
..	r::: '= z: ::.z r,,:r sxzz
.«» «...	- - JZtr.tz, :t l itr - - **• **
;' treea they ire attacking. Having UIg,,:1 111 f< u;hi lb<i‘r U(‘«9t, you can kill ihtuu 1>i:is s Wllh Sulphide of carbon. Poux some
'oi 1 be R°^,n into the entrance 01 the ^ar disease and had U nest,
cure
any
case of Bright's Disease.
They have never failed in one single case. They are the only remedy that has cured it, and they the only remedy that There arc imitations of Dodd s Kidney Pills—pill, box and name—but imitations are dangerous, original and only genuine . __	ore for Brights Disease is
I Dodd s ! Kidney
pills
y 14i
u "U.xl not
Music
Teachers
Wanted
Te send for
nepection should U* made • -ire U n id
our
% w, j?r;
0
Cata*
til
•Mw of Sheet Kmlo and Books
tJivir nest
ever
snw de picture of dt Dink minaret on a Turkish mu k he J.v;ng that he had .. » n win V1,«l vit felight
way afflicted with a
are

no
•f dleeeunt.
u> try Dr. Williams
can
muscles—at least,
vas

WH A II Y, ROYCE *Co
Dot *s cboost vat I
*"m ‘xvliât siai- |am loukiLg for; put dat in de; blan.'
cured by ca* i DOder deacon, and told nest with a thick cloth, L - *'• I decided to give Dr Wil- be didst like
^ W<Meh,ted duwn with ®'uue. that	Vink Pill, a trial and secured ;*hte,„le,; he ranted
inlo ih d‘ bt‘"’fore' u W,U *,uk h'fi sallow complexion and noted a saJ's he, und goes downstairs s7, and suf? :"Te* tbC “ghtM , der:M chi"'«?« t»r the better. He 1 * could get to breakfast in comes
it	thruugu the mass aud thou uf which hi? hid Imt b
fire it. aSugar will attract the aula. *d to ua* the pills. He h
the utists, cvmt
•Ui comiM rallie whole of the
The
OU
a rnin’s body added to-
iss Yem*e St.
Ter ente, Ont
me
six-coruered or round a good Hard
10 ADELAIDE y* lOHOklO
i*ecT
» .
Tho 41 Balmoral,” Free Bus AVENU, MMi-Ba-aVr^

Before
ROOFMIO Y&KWS?
as=—I spill
*' dtranger to the exercise of resolute ^«aWII!5XMa£S^
»*lf- ieniai. _ | ~~  —	1
LADTCG1,
r»n be done perfectly by eur French PrtxW Try ,e
¦wintw Atteste ah 5 vino 0#
MONTREAL, TORONTO, OTTAWA
Dodd s Kidney Pills are hRy cents a box at all druggist su

in «Je blau
J
; "X lle 1 Fas talking vit dose Mleia
n.	1 de stage started for San Antonio und 1 The social weaver-birds of
sfi mwmmÈmm
- s a™ tz 'zjzzzrtt
«.id destroy the egga ^am.	dem to
ie firing method I Jh • WiUkma’ Pink
WALKING
lore ho start-
BIRD'S mu WING ROOMS
*
OH
Yu’W»
s now be-
S auer it freely ab. ul ^ h en the second
f
South


4
rs
A yVLhKO


THE MOST NUTRITIOUS,
I
)
\
EPPS’S
r
will do them uj fight ants kill the wurkt at the Anne time will accomplish this
const i nets
its


ue.st with adjoining •paves, apparently
- J î= E5EHE
un dat char oh, und l just gut the | collar bird blan finished
foi
! 9
GRATEFUL oomforting
Pills
K" ng tu the root of the
'ihey renew and bulid up the blood and at rang ; b n the wig disease from the
cure
disease
Are You Weak? COCOA
—a cousin of ih
ven in moines de last I pares ils artistic bower,
, ' |u,ld 'Ant# de ruof changed, eembly-room, ornamentcl with sh 11
nd de breacber vouldn't breach uu- pebbles, and other bright-colou.
:::: -
I hams’ Medicine Cot. lirockville, Out |ru,klsh minareL» uud dwo oder kinds
iælsllill I &
-----W A X
£HSHr -	I ----
pai l me $15J for de job, und dey so veil satisfied Jat dey vanted put my name on the
POULTRY POINTERS.
nenes, thus driv-8)s tem
that
BREAKFAST SUFFER.
•onb found oini"
Air
Avoid
Ul that heu house A oojiif or table hen profitable hen.
-shade during the hot weather is
Ferj important,
Remember that
linituin/ziti by insisting yuu pu mb use
every
is generally a
use
reserve#.
» (i
WI
ap
____________________at tern
an.l dancing of the male Fhe lapwing also
p:e.
male is half the flock.
Before saying that poultry /arm doesn’t pay think twice Clive frefill and clean water to the
*°wto m rai t ma * day and especially let the first drink in the morn- I The greatest workshop in the world ing be clean water. Water standing Ls tXut oX the famous Krupp over night or for part of a day is aen* Xt cmplioys between _0,00d and liable to be full of dust, poison and j *-5,0W) bands, nearly all of whom re-
paraaitea. These are not good for side LQ dwellings belonging chic kens.	firm
on
A GIGANTIC WORK-HOP
va.s I ing step, begin a rapid manb. utter- 1 ThfCC Months’ Trial to I ing resonant drumming notes
AHmlkssA*
others, when the performance repeated.
at E«-
corner stone as
r |5
architect. 1 paid the stone cult to forget all about it.
“A gompremise is
_ to the
In the great mil] of h m ,, under the hen will nange in I “J/* ,	, /ura,ltx* of various kinds;
^—---------------------------
ben shift* the eggs from the center '	and 861 "ranee. The eleven ents pro™ lhal while the inventors’
to the sides, besides taming them over \ of irondail?	T* 608 ,0,la prem,ses are rorr‘6‘ »"<> tb ir meth.
once or twice a da,.	and ouke are we<l each da^torVueT‘ IT eïtre“ely ,n*cn‘ous- 'he, have
Poultry men who are looking for a	____9	_	r len overlooked the disadvantages
<nck should not overlook the Rouen THEY HURLED HIM FORTH lnc‘dent 10 'he use of ih.
‘:L'ïï,’“ Æ ars %	....
Cggfl, is not timid, is a good brooder, toc,k of the town-hall.	As an example could be cited
and produces rich, juicy flesh	Certainly ! replied the future M. p. |®*P®dient patented to prevent h
Th» ,,rts of the incubator nearest wiW* U^oarT °“
a giand ding-
some times. *
Board of Directors
Presiden fc- deerge Qee4erhnm.
l«t Ties-President end Ch&irmsn ef RnesoUvs Commit»## -
tm-
" DFt- M- ° MCLAUGHLIN.
ISO YONOH 8T.e TON ONTO,
BRILLIANT INVENTIONS
ONT,
2ad Vice Prseidem-w. M. Beelty.
K.lrh K Burvem,	WJD M.lth.w.,
O sorte F (Islt,	Oeens W. Monk
1 lr,X~r'
+MS C* VA/dj 4/
ÿ o-rj/ uu dit, ArtrdéL,
Alfred (lenderhem,
C. H. Ooederhem, W. O. Oooderhoe, Georg# W Lewie,
device
against
JeU. N m Frederick Wyld,
ASSETS . •23,000,000.
Teroete 3I..T0RVNI0
#6tu /
ihc
Meed Office

r.sr s
This consisted n strong chain pissed nbùut the
from running away
Winnipeg, Men.,
your

I of
•I. John, N. ».
r
WALTER S LEE, Control MàiiF^tr
I
i
\



###PAGE###7###
i




'

«



»


>1
TT! €

THE CAVY CRAZE.
FISII TALES.
The best driver la the one who gets
the matt work oat of u horse with-

1
pays a good interest on the effort and time. Especially in a sickroom or where there are people who are afflicted with those uncomfortable accompaniments called nerves, should
this be made a study. In rooms where a, grate cur stove is used it is of the utmost importance that the rasping, tearing sound of putting coal on the fire he in some way done away with, One means of doing this is to save all the paper bags that ooine to the house, till them with coal, tie them up with a string, and lay on the fire, which can I» done without a particle of noise. In one household a special requirement is that the ooal for the sitting room grate shall always be wrapped either in newspaper or put in hags. In this way much dust is avoided and all the noise that is very unwelcome to an invalid who occupies an adjoining room.
Fish as a rule increase in weight snd length every year up to their death. There are several varieties of fish
s and Her
Mrs. Foyer of Indl
Agricultural
U.
81
r/ut exhausting him.
Wli'-n hard work is HfOtfld of
horses, start In moderately and let I that cannot awim ; they are deep sea lb) animals "take breath" as often dwellers, and crawl about the rocks,
The horse | using their tails and fins as legs.
Why fish are so slippery is account-
The eliuiy coating
be Home
i
“What on earth is a cavy?” many people will ask. to a guinea pig and ever bo much prettier. It is also the style, which Is sufficient to make it handsome were it the ugliest little wretch that ever crawled. Can you imagine a rat—but a Teruvian rat, which of course would be an odd looking creature—covered with silky hair 9% Inches in length, a crosi between a rat and a poodle dog? Not far from it, but in spite of this unflattering description animal fanciers say that nothing brought to America ever gained such popularity.
To Mrs. Edith Kingman Foyer of Woodstock, Iud., belongs the credit of originating the eavy craze. A few yeara ago few people knew or cared to know what a cavy was. Now only its price prevents all fashionable women from having one. When Mrs. Foyer started to raise them, she had to import her first
A cavy ia second cousin
PRESERVING BOG9.
WINDOW GARDENING.
Nine-tenths of the windows used for window- gardening are too crowded for the plants to look well or do well. Turn a new leaf right now by throwing away every poor or insignificant growth. Better to buy new stock in the spring than to turn your precious window epaoe into a hospital ward for •ickly plants.
Keep the foliage immaculately clean. Wish the leaves once or twice every week. A plant's lunge are its leaves. Showering the foliage washes the dust out of tbs pares, refreshes the plant and imparts x.gor Besides this, clean plants do not harbor Insects, greatest foe of the indoor garden, and the hardest to fight.
Loosen the or listed earth at the top of the pots. The roots need air, and In soft, pliable earth, they get it by capillary transmission. A hard top trust seals the soil up as though in a Jug. Neither air nor water find free entrance through It. Plants in hard soil often suffer from lack of moisture at the roots, though water has been given every day.
Slide the shade* up to the top of the upper aaah ; take down the curtains at the plant windows, and let God's invigorating suu shine in. Sunshine to a plant is what gold is to a Klondike miner.
as they seem to need it. thnt is Used carefully in the forenoon will do more plowing in a day than I for in this way.
he can do if ha L< forced too much in | protects them from the attacks of
fungUH, a form of plant life found in all places, if a fish ia so injured
draw your milk wagon.	IlUab 9°mê u uncovered by slime
Don't hitch your light carriage the fungus lodges there, and grows
until in tune it kills the fish. I he
Numerous methods of preserving
J he idea of all of
eggs are in use. them ia to keep air out of the eggs, as by such absence of oxygen decay can be arrested for a considerable length of time, especially if 1 he egg» perfectly fresh at the start and are kept in a cool, dark place. I h<* standard method most used by speculators and dealers is to put eggs in
The process is as fol-
àVOI
(.h.*- early part of the day.
Don't use a alonebo.it horse to
are
hnr.su Lu your heavy hi y or wood wag-
slime helps also to increase the speed of the fish through the water.
In order to capture a certain fifth, a South American tribe win pa the water with the wood of a tree which contains a au balance having a narcotic influence on the fish, which are then readily caught. One South American fish, lho anableps, a star-gazer, can hi* in air as well as water, its eyes are divided into an upper aud a lower portion, giving the effect of two pupils in each eye, one suited for seeing in the air, and the other for seeing in the, water. Iho fi.sh often swims at the surface, with its head sometimes above, sometimes below the water line.
The pollock is severely let alone by its finny brethren, fur it is aimed to the teeth with a formidable sting and a sac of poison, lamprey of central New York is another fish which is ferocious and bloodthirsty. Its mouth is bigger than its head ami its teeth are sharp and pointed like a tiger's. The brook lamprey has never been known to eat at all. It is sopposed that he does all his eating before he comes a real Jam-prey—in the iarva period—and is never hungry afterwards.
People marvel at the mechanism of the human body with its nearly 500 bones, but man is simple in this respect compared with the carp, which moves no fewer than 4,380 bones and muscles every time it breathes. It has 4,320 veins, to say nothing of its (J9i muscles. One fish has a brain larger than man's—the whale.
on.
lime water.
lows; lake two gallons of WStar, 1-	,
pound* of unsluoked lime and four	Cayenne pepper is prepared not from |
in that proportion |« tapper-plant, but from a capsicum.
Neither is burgundypitch pitch ; nor
does it come from Burgundy,
NOT WH XT THEY SEEM
pounds of salt, or
according to tho quantity of eggs t<>
Stir several tlOSS
be preserved, daily and thatt let stand until the liquid his settled and U perfectly Draw or carefully dip off the
Jerusalem artichokes do not come from Jerusalem. The plant is not a native of the Holy Land. The Jerusalem artichoke Is a sunflower, and gains its name from the French word "gira-sole," meaning "plant which turns towards the sun."
Turkeys do not come from Turkey. The bird is a native of America.
Cam els’-hair brushes are made from ths soft, bushy tail of the common squirrel.
German silver is not silver at all, but an alloy of various of the baser metals, which was invented in China, and used there for centuries. An injustice is done to Germany in calling the cheap but useful wood en-eased clocks she has so long produced Dutch. The mistake arises from the German word for “Germa n"— Deutach."
the


TALK TO THE BABY.
A child associated with a silent grown person and seldom or never talked to. would never acquire the power of speech. The habit of mothers of holding the baby up and talking to him is not so foolish, as it sometimes seems. If only the mother would use good language instead of l>aby talk, it would be the wisest course to stimulate the production of speech as well as apprehension of the meaning of speech. Babies understand what is said to them long before they can express the simplest ideas.
clear.
clear liquid, leaving the sediment .it
Take for the above
amount of liquid five onuses each of
of tartar, »«» l' -ounce of
«im
SÜ'3
the bottom.
h

,4
baking soda, cream peter and borax and an ¦¦Pulv. n/c and mix these and


alum.
dissolve in one gallon of boiling wa~ ter and add to the mixture about
This


iiiiSr
mm
imweessss*
y
M
20 gallons of pure lime water, will about fill a older barrel.
M*.
The Jake
Put as not to

v2

the eggs in carefully so crack any of the shells, letting the water always stand an inch above the eggs, which can- bji done by pi ir_ ing a barrel haad a little smaller
This
U»
liElt:

t
%«




P®3£
( be i'll and weighting it.
m
upon
GERANIUMS.	amount of liquid will preserve 150
Nowadays we are rather too much dozen of eggs.	It is not necess.iry to
inclined to sneer at geraniums, as lie- wait to got a	full barrel or smaller	C01 ^	ther	did they come	from	the
ing old-fashioned and stiff, and so to package of eggs, but they can be put	0f thit name. The usual ma-
a certain extent they are, but they in at any time that they can be ol>-	ter;a|	f0r a cork leg is weeping	willow,
are so bright, so cheerful, and so tained fresh.	The same liquid should	covero<j;	vvith	raw hide,
hardy that lovers of flowers should be used only once, certainly give geraniums a trial.
The ordinary geranium is not pre-
m
rvm

KITCHEN HELPS.
Cork legs are not constructed of
y.vfc*.. ** i



m
¦Unbleached canton flannel makes good dishcloths.
. Never let the flour dredger, salt jar, eta, remain unfilled. Refill them as soon as they are emptied.
A little vinegar put into a frying pan and heated over the fire removes the odor of fish or onions from theft- possessing as a rule. It is tall, scraggy, and weedy. The ideal geranium
The kitchen cupboards and dresser should be compact, well-branched, drawers should be kept tidy day by day. Never let them get into such a state that they need a *' good turn
am#
s
IS


WfM

People with or without cork legs sometimes pride themselves they are wearing porpoise-hide boots.
i	i-’Vi
-iB
4*9

THE HONEY BEE’S RANGE.

4r
¦J-
hFlSiÊÉKl
gB

The range of the honey bee is but
So-called porpoise-bide is in reality thii skin of the white whale.
Prussians blue does not come to us from Prussia. It is a chemical product of which England makes her full ire. Irish stew ia not an Irish, but an English, dish; and Turkish baths
little understood by the average penman y supposing th.it bees go
snail.
u *
son
miles for the nectar of which honey
In fact, they go only a short If Idiom is plentiful near I h.
t>
broad, rather than tall.
It ie qq^te easy to grow a geranium well if you begin rightly, but the plant must be taken at its start. When it
i
is made.

X
TO AVOID THE CHANNEL

<*%
distance.
to where the bees are located, they will not go very far, perhaps a mile,
but if bloom Is scarce they miy go |Hussii.
Usually about hilf that

Oo-unt Bompiio Pieri has invented an aerial railway by which ht» propones to take passengers from Dover to Calais ar from Calais to Dover without seasickness and give fur no extra cost an exhilarating ride through the air. Ilia scheme is sim-


u A
out."
A nice way to clean windows, or the glass in bookcase doors, or cupboards, is to take a small bunch of cotton bat-
did not originate in Turkey, hut in
ham reached a height of about, three inches nip the top off. In most cases several branches will then atari along
::

- :

five miles.
distance is as far as they may 8° j wit In Cleopatra, but xvas set up about
Cleopatra’s Needle has nothing to do

the stalk ; if but one or two start nip
the ends off again, and continue this Profitably.
1 There are cases where bees nave Thotbmes HI.,
been known to go eight miles in a whose wonderful exploita is preserved !	itself, and, of course, branch
. straight line, crossing a body of wa- hn the Temple of Karnak, and in the | engineers are confident of its feasi-
tgr th.it distance to 1 ind. If while | British Messuan.
' tin bee was out the hive shoul 1 he
moved only 10 or 20 ft, it would be
This is a reason | Silent sereni/ty sat supreme in the | of Dover, the cable to be kept up by
with
Below it will be a second

ting, dampen it with kerosene, and wipe the glams all over carefully. After allowing it to stay on a short time, take a soft, clean cloth and polish the glams. You will be surprised at its brilliancy and clearness. There are no streaks to rub off over and over again and it can be. done in a very little ends off, and thus force new branches while, without any mums whatever, to «tart out along them. In this way The smell evaporates almost immedi- ^»nly can a great number of branches etely. One can rub the glass all over be secured, and the plant will be cornwell, then go about other work, leav- pact, bushy and broad, lng it for several hours, and tl
.xS
t :: W
1,000 years before that lady was born
u full record of
2%

process until there are at least six or seven branches growing from the main stalk.

X

a
bility.

;
When these branches have grown to be mix or eight inches long, pinch the
The ingenious Count proposes to stretch a wire cable across the Straits
ALL ITERA 1’ION.
*
Photo by Tripp, Woodstock, Ills.
MRS. EDITH KINGMAN POYER.
specimens from England. Now she possesses a tme collection, and when she enters the building where they are kept a twitter of recognition rises from countless tiny throats, for they can sing quite like birds, and a few rare specimens can whistle as well as a boy.
Mrs. Boyer’s colony of cavles and of Belgian hares has brought her a fortune, and there are many women who are now starting to follow her example and raise these little pets.
hopelessly lost.
why hives should not be moved in I pretty pink parlor ai »w«-*t, smuggling I captive baJlooois and charged
When hives must be mov- ; Sally’s happy Harlem h/>rn«. The mis- I electricity.
summer.
ed in summer the work should be done i erable moment of midnight made I cable enjoying tiie same support, and at night time when the bees are all ! militant Mortimer Mount Joy mow*. between two will run a trolley car at borne, or on a web day when they | Softly squeezing sweet, snuggling | supplied with a strong electric motor.
not flying. A board or other object should be placed in front of the hive to mark its new locution. There doubt but thitf bees are guided
They
attracted by the color of the to. bloom and if they are at work on a certain kind of bloom they are not likely to leave it for another as long us they can
While a plant Ls acquiring this form it should not be allowed to bio » in.
it
imi
will polish just the same.
Celery.—When using celery don’t Pinch off every bud ad soon as it ap-
tbrow away the green leaved. Wash pears, and do not provide a too rich
the perfect ones and dry them on a /oil. as this will encourage such rank j
paper in a moderate oven turning growth that the joints of the stalk
them frequently. Pulverize and keep will be too long.
I As soon as the original flower-pot
Sally’s sylph-like sixteen inch sash, he It is proposed to uae fifty balloons dared to do damage to her lovely lips and to stretch the cables from high in the delicious darkness. Luminous points on the coast. The car is to lampe lighted the harmonious hall- carry ten persons and is to be built way, but blissful blackness blessed of aluminium and ooirk, so that in the babes in the pretty pink parlor, case of an accident which sends the Suddenly stole on fini» sumptuously car off the track and into the water sighing, sibilant scene a sad and sar- the affair wiU float until a rescuing
rowful sound. The dire and dread- veflseJ com es along and saves what is | Efficiency Attained by the Tee of ed voluminous voice of the soft, snug- ^the passwwigers after the fall.
cruel At	terminais large captive bal-
are
i
is no
by sight, and also by smell.

are
In an air-tight tin box and when celery is out of season, these pulverized becomes filled with roots, shift
a larger one. A^ plant which grows well might be re-potted about once
PENNSYLVANIA MILITIA.

leave* will prove a great addition to soul*, stews and dressings.
find that particular
ItfKulur Army Methods.

in two months, if pots but a sise or two larger than the last ones
Pennsylvania's militia, called out fot service in the disturbed coal regions, has been noted for its soldierly qualities and efficiency since its reorganisation in 1878» to the ground and back. The Count | Formerly composed chiefly of brass buttoned officers, it is now in a most flourishing condition, both us regards numbers and fitness for active service. It has been built up on the theory that to tit the men for actual service under arms it is necessary to accustom them to life under similar conditions. This theory has been For some time furniture made of | proved sound in practice, and the Key-
experience
in the Bpanisb-American war and during previous strikes that it can rely upon its citizen soldiery.
One of the main factors in holding the Pennsylvania militia up to so higli a standard of efficiency is the system of . camping followed every summer. Al of wealthy people, employ compress- j (hough the camp duty of each man Ia*-ts
This was the terrible time of twelve | ed paper largely, especially fur panel-j only eight days, he is expected during
that week to follow a wartime routine.
General John P. S. G obi n, commander of the Third brigade of the militia and commander of the troops under arms.
He en
~ I
glimg,Sally's paternal parent, and coarse, was beard in the hallway. | 1<J0,ny wiJ1 ®uPPort aerial stations and From the top of the tall, Ueep stairway he roared rumb’iîi.gly;—
“Tell me the time!"
kind.
are
LAZY CHILDREN.
WASHING SEED WHEAT.
used.
Be sure your flower-pot is thoroughly well drained, as a geranium does not flourish in a soil which retains the water about its roots. A well-
lit tie bdlluons will run from
them
There are two kinds of lasy children —those who lack physical strength, pale, enemio, and others apparently in good health» but actually not so. A child, whose stomach is dilated, arterial pressure low, relaxed all over his body can not study well. One hour of attention ia more than he can give. The cure ftxr lax ness does not lie in cajolery or threats ; where there is the least doubt as to their health this should be first çured. But in many ÉeÉffi^8ria~~child vhiat is~>"pe/tetty
An experienced grain grower says;
washtub about two
“Take a com thirds full of water, and pour into
||A af-
propoties to send passengers across ' Sweet, soft, «wiggling, snickering j the htraits—twenty miles wide-in Sally sought sanctuary, sylphlike aud | ^teen minutes, simple. Sighing, she said,

it h i If a bushel o
grown specimen should have twenty ^ #Hiring with or more clusters of flowers, with buds In all stages of development by the time it is in an eight-inch pot.
t,
stick skim or pour off what rises on the water, taking ft to let the good grain run out; thon empty into a basket or vessel that will retain the
a
glancing
gracefully at the ancient, ancestral, artistic and amiable anchronism in the humble, harmonious hallway;—
“Please, precious popper, ten ticks j has been
PAPER FURNITURE.
care
ill
paper, on account of its cheapness,
very popular in English
some
wheat, and drain off the water; put it on a cloan floor and sift or sprinkle onto it about a p;*;k of dry ashes, stirring it over thoroughly, so as to cover all the grains with the
to ten by the timepiece.’’
houses, where there was a desire to be “So," snapped the sneering and I imposing, but where good, solid snarling old cynic, “when that dama- I furniture would lie too costly, tâon, diddering dude departs start | decorators of houses, even of those
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF.
- position of Commander-in-Chlef likes to read an interest- an important*Oûe, although not so will not study. Here comes much so as previous to 1895, a hep question of the studies and /Order of Council" reorganised the eacbers Are the studies interesting 'military administration of the British do the teachers make them so? Of- Army, and defined the duties of its ten the hours at school are too long principal officers, and more is asked of the boy of eight the Commander-in-Chief is that of than a man of 40 could do. Perhaps the field-marshal.

-T
Now

an
ashes, and serving the whole quantity to be sown in the same way. “After it has lain for a few hours
It has

thirty-two.
Log work for hails, corridors, etc.
An ancient, ancestral anachronism I Very fine banister rails are also made was a gam allowed to accelerate the in imitation of mahogany, approximation of its hands in the houses of many artists are furnished I has a long mid honorable record.
or
it will be ready for sowing proved a sure preventive in every case of trial with me, but when it
The rank held by
The
humble, harmonious hallway to the throughout with papier mac he with u zany is tic zenith at twelve thirty-	metal	inlay. Even flower	puis and	*,
ree. Meanwhile mournful, militant	vuses	which are generally	taken fur	J
Mortimer Mount joy miserably made	majolica ware and porcelain are com-	T
movements, meandering meekly to |	ptJfied	oif p ip r, as well as	the costly |
mother in th? mild midwinter inorn-
has been omitted there has been plenty of smutty grain/'
Formerly all the departments of


child’s attention has not been drawn to hie work. If so» try to show him the military service were controlled how it helps him to understand life, by the Commander-in-Chief of the or to do his work. Let him be asham- Army, as the supreme head, with the ed not to know what younger chil-	¦¦
dren know, treat him reasonably, not
biutally, and	be land the Secretary of State for War is


t i
I

SCALDING A LARGE HOG.



I
mm
It often happens that where a farmer does his own butchering, he has not at his command a caldron
which to dip t he Where this is
Adjutant-General as his chief of staff. This method has been done away with,

antique weapons with which the * wads are hung.	ù



mg.
tii
made studious.
systematically arranged, so that he [in control of all branches of the Army | large enough in is habituated to his work as well as to play. Help his brain to act and give him good habits, and he will not be lasy any longer.
"1


t
•§m
with the heads of depart- I animal for scalding.
ANXrOUS TO TRY IT.
ments directly responsible to him. The I tbe case he is forced to resort to one principal duties of the Commander-in- I 0f several ineffectual means.
Chief are the exercise of general com- I best method is to thoroughly saturate Mrs. Christine Terhune Herrick al- I mand, and planning for the mobilisa- I old, fine bay and cover, the dead a alludes to the difficulties of having a tion of troops, and for defensive and | mai vvith it, packing it closely. Then sweetbread taste and a salt pork in- offensive operations.
DIDN’T ALL SPEAK.
Si

t**
Say, pop, suggested the incorrigible


At the close of au address during the electioneering campaign in Ed in- I afl 1 h,‘ old g»mtleman led the way to I
the woodshed, why not try the mind

The
:.v

i
burgh questions were invited.
A man was making for the platform, when be received a whack over the head with a stick. He
p!


cure?
What do you mean by that? asked the old gentleman, as he looked around for a shingle.
Why, you just have faith that 1


%

-imm
4


<
He is also the I poUr the boiling water over it, leav-
It is the triumph of the cook |chief adviser of the Secretary of State | [ng it until aufficeintly scalded for
This method
was
come.
stunned, and had to be carried out amid uproar. When order was restored, the chairman rose and innocent-1 wvn 1 do [t Bga^n* an(* let ® Al
that.
the hair to slip easily.
An Army Board, the chief functions i* much better than using blan-of which are to report on promotions keta. While it may not be quite as and appointments of officers of effectual as dipping into the water, superior rank, and on all proposals for it has the advantage of saving much estimates, is composed of the Com- heavy lifting, mander-in-Chief as president, and There are very few people who seem tlH, Adjutant-General, Quarter-mas-td realise that nine tenths of the ter-General, Inspector-General of For- Bad breaking of a oolt will spoil noise made about a house is unneoes- tifications and Ordnance, and the Ac- the finest pedigree In the world. The eery. It takes no longer to handle countant-General. , Associated with perfect breaker is born, not made, things lightly than it does to fling the Commander-in-Chief in his de- The average farm horse will en-thern down helter-skelter with such partaient are the military secretary, dure the presence of hogs, sheep and an unearthly din as one often hears director of military instruction, and poultry, but the well-kept thorough-in badly regulated households. It the officer in charge of the mobilisa- bred does not enjoy close companion-takes a tittle more time to put on a tion service.
pair of light shoes instead of the heavy The Commander-in-Chief receives and #.«unbereome owi-ol-door footwear $22,500 a year, exclusive of field and | mare that senae people i/nlulge In. **ot it |travelling allowances.
to make cheap things taste like ex- (for War. travagant dainties, and this does not necessarily defraud the body, because nutrition and high price are not synonymous.

ly asked ;
“Is there any other gentleman who
would like to ask • question V
But the old gentleman insisted that however successful faith might be in moving mountains, it would noi move a shingle as it ought to be moved in such circumstances.
ft
NOISE IN THE HOUSE.
HORSE HINTS.

WON BY A HEAD.
A Northern canvasser bad reason to go to a public-house after some voters.
The meet asked him to stand them a drink.
No, men; that would be bribery, replied the agent. But I will try to afford yoai a little amusement.
Getting on the bar, be stood upon | his head, and money feùi out of hi? pockets. He secured their votes.
From s recent photograph.
GENERAL J. P. 8. GO BIN.

WONDERFUL INDEED

tered the civil war a lieutenant and “Isn’t it wonderful how a man s I emerged from the struggle with the stare memory is stimul ated as he sinks for of a brigadier general. Since the civil
t «>-	™ *¦»<•*«j-, , k tut. "i.%a
' "on fui ludeed ! I was Just read- Masonic and Grand Army circles. In all
ing of a well-attested case of an M these fields of endeavor he has been very
who, upon sinking, actually re- successful, reaching the positions of lieutenant governor, which he sow holds)
» grand master of the grand esmmmadsry * of Knights Templars sad la the Sr&md






ship with other creatures.
The utterly broken down old farm
(JJls not in the least likely to
breed fine, hardy, vigorous colts.
membered th1 pledges he had raide to his constituents before election!
f L
###PAGE###8###
/
1

r

V

f
/
I
Boots,
Rubbers,
U KNOW U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
Moccasins,
Overshoes and Felt Goods.
FALL TRADE
Why wait until the rush is on? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order with us.
W© invite the public to examine our
Large Stock of Serviceable Fall Goods:
Flannels,
Kerseys,
Yarns,
Blankets,
:
We are now ready with a new, full and well assorted stock of fall and winter Footwear, ' which we will sell at the lowest possible price. Call and inspect before you buy elsewhere.
Underwear, Moccasins. Coats
now
Rubbers. Overcoats, Homemade SocRs. Paqts,

A. R. McGUIRE,

Boots.
Horse Blankets,
Heavy Canadian Tweeds, Skowhegan Oiltanned Moccasins,
&c., &c,, &c.
M.
THE TAILOR.
9
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE, -
QUE.
AUCTION SALE
At Calumet Island Village, Tuesday, Nov. 13,1900
THE WAR.
II
[J
'M 1 H , t w . t j

mm
«X

Pretoria, Nov. 2.—The report of the I early departure of General Roberta for
•iSSBSF ¦	S a
Roberts to i eave nov. 20.	°M* One Standard bred Horse, Dominion Boy : record,
4M t c5l55Town,N.?v,a“ItiiRtated lhal --40» w,len thre years old. 1 Eolian Oman, 1 Gladstone Bust-ï« by w.yVDurbin, andTha,’fj’ 1 Single Buggy, 1 Road Cart, 1 double Express, (5 Wheel-
0.(161 from here for England on the troopship baiTOWS, 1 L Utter, 1 double Cutter, 2 BulFalo Robes 8 feet
TT 0x If"bes' J1Me,s (-*). -
«•«K jority of the membeie of his ataff. sets (I on hie Harness, 4 se ts Single Harness, 1 Cultivator, M'" Reis?f to Diplomats. Garden I ools, 1 Spray Pump, 4 pairs Shanty Blankets Teat
—	Inné, 1 Boat, Bedding and many other articles too
.. u| Ari9b ^0V: •'.—Diplomatic circlep to mention.
Leave ^301 "eTe. much rt‘,lt Ve(l yesterday afttmooi. rp	’ _ ,
by the receipt of official notitication from	terms of Sale :—Sums	under	810 00, cash •	sums undei
Connecting with Hull	Electric Railway	South African 'republics! ***0 "nteîiuen't	UlOlltllS ;	1 rOUl	850.00	ft lid Upwards,	VJ mOlltllS.
a . y mer.	upon this action having been taken prior ^ ÛUlOUlltS llOt paid Oil day of sale to 1)0 SOClU'od by ai>-
P. W. RESSEMAN,	the J»"dln8 °f ex-President Kruger, proved joint notes
OENTKAL	sVPEKiNTFxnrxT	, embarrasments i suiting from n-ani	0 ,	...
¦ L	lPLK,brE>DEvr	fe,tat,on, by ituer .y,,,,,,:loz,» w,!i i„	Sale positive.	No reserve. Sale to begin at 10
tvniirrr i imi.'cu i Mr. 1 r then n clonk Q rn	®
Will become ipsu-facto, a private iudivid	’	'

Poitiac Pacific Junction fiv
We solicit your trade. We are aiming to establish a solid, reputable business
Your
children will be as liberally dealt with and as courteously served as yourselves. Any errors in accounts or in goods gladly made right. *
O
Official Time Table :
honest business principles.
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tBrecken ridge r Kart! ley Parker’s Crossing t Mohrs Quyon Wyman's tTantt Bristol McKee’s Shawville Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ? Tank Î Vinton Cou longe ‘Mellon's Waltham
•Flag Station. tTauk. CFlng Station
on
#00
6.12
6.18
8..>8
6 26
6.37
• «
8.40
6.47
f.56
• *
8.14
S. 58
7.04
«I
7.26
7.45
8.00
7.18
8 08
7.10
8.12
7.0t
numerous
8.30
êé
H
1.47
8.55 Arrive
E. HODCINS & SON.
onmisimiim
For further details, see posters everywhere. In
rSSIFScS ^6f“«he Sale Tof6 TURN ER* ™
I resident Kruger and the Transvaal and	A U fit,! OTl APT
sang the Boer national hymn. The ofti	XX U.V UlVl-Lt/Gl
vers received £20 and the privates i*i from the Transvaal
ual
CHEEKED FOR KIlViiFl
Fall and winter Tsine Table
Taking effect Oct. 16, 1809
Farmers !
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa
5.C0 p.m
0.20 a. in
We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will
FURNITURE DEALER AND e.nable y°u t0 carry off prizes in bread
tition at the county fair every time.
We can sell you at lowest prices Flour, Grain,
Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
«r FULL STOCK ALWAYS ON HAND.
NO. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa Nos. 1 and
government
ment and has been in Euipand weeks.
Considerable pains were taken, he say», to arrange for a Foreign Legion both be , fore and after the war began. Agents were sent to most of the Continental ! capitals to raise both funds and men, and some of them succeeded fairly well. I
12,000 MERCENARIES.
There were in alt some 12,000 foreigners, and each was promised good pay, food, clothing, arms, but these promises were only partially fulfilled, and there was almost open revolt at times against the manner of their treatment.
“ They got a lot of fighting isaid the reporter.
“Oh, yes. The best men were the French and Hollanders under Colonel IN UNDERTAKING Villebois.”
“ Had you atij officers serving who be long to Continental armies ? "
j
hilly except Sunday
Some
VICTIMS OF BOER BULLETS
Lon Jon, Nov
CEO. HYNES,
S.ÏS35SSS»
P. w HESSEM XX.
Uen’l Sup't
— Lord Roberts telegraphs from Johannesburg under date of Nov. that in operations in the Belfast district on Nuv. 2, Captain Chalmers if tliot madiasMouuted R des was killed
ami Major Sanders of the same command was wounded.
Major (i. E. Sanders commands “ L) " Squadron, 2nd Battalion Canadian Mounted Hi ties. He was a superintendent of
the North West Mounted Police
was a
compe-
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWTILLB, - - QOE
mm
He
graduate of the Royal Military and served in the North West Rebellion of
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO.
Capt. Chalmers, who win killed, com manded the second troop of Major Sanders’Squadron. He was late inspector ot North W es* Mounted Police and a
,o—	...	Ie“d"'t*11 Tl1 »...C»”W'
tram service «'ill be os follows ;	BIflHT FKiUTS.	| *• Yes • but in the mai th f-, '
a. < '-uau Junction, for Cornwall ami jointe w««t; *erent P0,nf,t ad unimportant hut signi» I Streams, to block Msfekine’s rel ef Jim i ula 9 Clty*	* J
pa
joints east Pullman Parlor Csr attached.	surprised Shoeman s laager, at Steen- Uied t0 M° round giving boxing exhibi -an. Hmg, who betrayed the Pao Tiug
ûL”	* rwraas» „
at».2C r. M.. Limit«l-stop.Glm Rni«m.on, oDly , ,Çut.*he Untuh were prevented from It »PP»*rs that the legion contained one	* u . ,
EpiSsiite::::r:zr: EesHfE
A1W iJurli^on.etc.fAmYing	r’ooa. I the Boer losses in the tight with Gen them.	K (.ermans yesterday, and shot,
ing Car. Ottawa to New Yt*k! r'^h	S1'<r* ^;irton on Get. 25, were 140 killed	The Boer secret service was a most I *	, orce of British cavalry has des-
•6-1,0 PvM-..frStor* at Intermediate stations ! wounded or miaainK-	’ comprehensive organization, and it even I 'In W r* t nf pL T^’ r d vlr7 miIes
ËgfisæâSSKSS
Cape Town, Nov. 2.-A reliable esti- Bussta or Irish-Americans.	* I _ t. XT <*KA' Es*	can have him by paving expenses.	I Notice is hereby given that the imrtn^
mate of the losses of the Boers up to The Irish Brigade consisted of SO men 1 . Berlin, Nov. «..—Considerable impa-	JOHN 1. HOLH.INS. ship heretofore subsisting between Jnim-«
April 15 has been prepared by some of —mostly American Irish—and Michael *',?r.lce at the meagreness of the news from __ ' arm* rmhJicrt;so.n* Jame,8 Graham and John G.
the men who served with the Boer am , l>Avitt waa rather sick when he saw this C1l!na 18 bndln6 expression here.	I "	-	- - --- sii.!wviijl°««5 *i,neRS in the vil|age of
l>ulanCe.	tine mob uf a “ brigade."	The inference is that German censor- Prêtoria, via De Aar. Cape Colony, CuthberLn. Gratom&'EllkM*1 hV
The estimate places the Boer losses up The .original plan of campaign, says sf>ip over such information is very strict. November 1.—It ii eitimated that Gen-1 'lay been dissolved by mutual ennJnt to that date at 2,448 killed and d,C22 ^ ^yck, was to keep the Orange Free . ,tltefVrom I,nvate9 i“ China begin to ?raIs Botha, Grobler, and Erasmus have All claims against the late firm will }><* kllled*	I ktate neutral (having numbers of their tind Gieir.way into the Social Democrat 5»000 men and three guns, one of the lat- sv, cti .th.e sfti<l James Cuthlwrtson, to
This total does not include B >er losses i men of course) and to prevent a free way P?Per8» «lowing that the German troops ter being a 40 pounder.	I	and accounts due, arc* re-
after the British advance from Kroonstad. ! to Pretoria, while Joubert invaded Natal £lve no flUarler. The Bremen Buerger There are evidences that the Boers are I December next °n 01 befüre the 15th of
A MERUENARYON THE WAR. %£% %.%%% £ j Æ'ÎKd
Say. 12,000 Eorelga.r, Helped	.... ^	ÜlS'3^V'î'iïP'
“ There will be marauding," said Van I “V1** compelled to dig their own graves hannesburg. •	(Signed.)
Wyck finally, 41 so long as De Wet ,s and then ®hot en masse."	Col. Pilkington, of the West Austral-
«bout. After his capture the burghers The Halberstadter Volks Zeitunz nrint. l»n*- h»« been appointed to the command will settle. They believe De Wet will a communication from Pekin, in which «	^P6	to succeed Colonel
never be taken, being too slim. '	I the writer says :	• ™ wnicn Maael.	I	CdIvdc I t\es*
_	_	,	*' No prisoner! are taksn. All are--*-------	WHIYCg UQH,
JAS. GRAHAM
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
I also keep a complete stock of funeral Furnishings, ranging from the ubiinest requisites to the most elegantly designed. <e All calls receive personal attendance^# |> day and night.
;
Furniture Dealer 22Ë Undertaker...
SUCCESSOR TO
CUTHBERTSOIT, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
Main Street - (Opposite G. F. Hodgins’) - Shaven*
A first-class stdek of Furniture of all kinà!*K“ now on hand, including some special bargains in Lounges and Parlor Suites.
UNDERTAKING CALLS PROMPTLY ATTENDED

I


I

TO
12.15 P. M. Limited— Fr eau:, leaving Montreal at V Pailor Car.
NOTICE.
Montreal and points u.m. Has Pullman
STRAYED
Dissolution of Partnership.
9«05 I . M Local — Fr»m Montreal, and intermediate points, Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto.
T',%Pu,lm"n Par,,,r Cw-
Owner
* ?!?*»: hJ'pSîSSiï?»af- 1“v'”8 “
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
81Ô, A. M. For Arnprior. Renfrew. Egon ville. Pen broke, Parry s Hay, Whitney Sound and intermediate
J
Canoe Lake, Parry
points
4 40 P.M.Fo, Amp,lor. Renfrew, Eganville, Pem broke, Madawaika and intermediate stations.

Trains arrive at Ottawa Central De;»ot \	|___________
-lÈHEBl » SB—HE
8.50 P M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska. Egan- ! every other steamer brings burghers exVille, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations. | pelled or with a “ field army clearance.”
One of these was interviewed by porter.
J. G. ELI40TT.
a re
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
McGUIRE.
SliawvüJe
>
( k
â
1
t



