###PAGE###1###
-
—





.
No. 10. 20th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, AUG 21, 1902.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
A choice stock of picture frame mould Inga at Imison'H Studio.
Mr. Howard Coo visiting friends in
per, ( Htawa, was
Shiw fille on Sit
aSSïïS »=I % a.„:...... w
rem broke, have been visiting the Misses McKillop, of Bristol Corners
Iletd Office: . CeplUl paid up
OTTAWA, CANADA
.........18.000
......... 1,706,060
07 CANADA.
HOT WEATHER

of
Rest
RAMSAY’S PAINTS - the right Paint to paint right.
turo ad. Inside page. For sale by
O. F, Hodglne, Shawvllle.
a
Board of Directori :
Charles Hash, Esq., Pruident. Groroe Hat, mq., Vice-President.
Ho*. Q*o. Bryson, Jr.
, Mr. George Holland, son Rex and sinter, Mrs. Hudson, were visiting for wme d,y« pwtEt Mr. Wm. Clarke’.,
- 2,600,000.	Wanted.—After Sept, lut, a girl to do *or#hwd
gwewd housework. Apply at The Equity
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000.
"bRl-HP2"-I RESERVE fund,
COMING !
?tax; Fia
Mena». C. B. Caldwell and Harold Hobbs, Ottawa, spent Saturday night and Sunday in Shawville and vicinity.
Head Office, • Montreal.
GEORGEBURN D. M. FINN1K
General Manager,
Card Of Thank* -To Mr. M. Cowley,
^^@@s|a=s,-sste
Mr. James Kay, provincial boiler inspector , was in town on Monday, testing the several steam boilers in use here,
Mrs. Legett and Master Clement left on Monda HHHHH friends in I and Toronto
Miss Susie Klock and Miss Evelyne The following are the awards made by Church, daughter of Dr. F. Church, A y I-Mr. W. A. Armstrong for the best kept mer, who were visiting Dr. Klock, refarms in agricultural district No. 1, of turned home on Monday
‘ôtiïï-w... ^
Mr. John Stewart left on Saturday to
T\ IA. m J	, A I—	join the Oddfellow’s excursion to Quebec,
io lïïwnî. v* nBnSit0 ’ vURUSî Clarendon—Thus. McDowell, 93; H. where there it to be a big assembly of the 12, 190-.,.Christina Y. Baird, relict of t. McDowell, 85; John A. McGuire, 76; members of that Order this week.
- "*	¦	"i	M, and M„. F„„k toatito.AI-
I Calumet Island Jerry Shea, 83, Mal- monte, uncle ard aunt of Mrs. Thos. W.
A party of Shawvi le ladies picnicked colm Le Roy, <4.	Wilson, were on a visit to the latter last
At Norway Bay on Wednesday last. |	W. A. Armstrong, week ; also Mr. and Mrs. Beach and
Judge- I family of Coulmge.
Branches
Don’t think the summer is over yet. You will see the mercury bubbling up in the nineties for some time to come. .*.	•
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln.
Kemptville,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
• do
8HAWVILLB BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates. .
Farmers notea bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Owe a Hours
8ATT7RM TS .
Alexandria,
Amprlor,
Aronmorc,
Bracebridge,
Carleton
Co Wen Hawkesbury,
Lanark,
Parry Sound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester,
do Bank Rt:	Renfrew
Place, do Rideau 8t. Toronto,
do Somerset St. Winchester. Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falla.
_	,	A. Brunet, P. P.
Portage du Fort, August 16,1902.
The Judge’s Awards
For Best Kept Farms and General Agricultural Merit.
iy on a six week’s visit to Grafton, Coburg, Port Hope
IN MANITOBA ;
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
SUMMER GOODS ARE STILL GOOD BUYING.
1 Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC; null,
Shawlnigee Falla.
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agents in Bt. Paul—Merchant! Nat Bank: Agents In London, Eng.—Parr’s Bank Ltd.
Lachute
Montreal,
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER
We have a few lines in
Muslins,
Prints,
Ginghams,
Underwear
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.

Bristol— E. Graham
Hugh Young,
86
Advertisers and correspondents are reminded that we cannot assure the Insertion of matter uni hand by Monday noon of each week.
It Is In
The Rev. Alex. Elliott took the service in St. Paul’s Church on Sunday evening.
School Books, Pencils, Scribblers, School B*gm, Slates, t^c., everything for Schools at The Drug Store.
To Manitoba and Asainiboia, August 23rd, only @10.00. All information from J. R. Tierney, Railway and Ocean Ticket Agent, Arnprior, Ont.
The roof the Methodist Church has received a coating of black roofing pa which renews ahe apj^arance of building considerably.
and
Several of our citizens arc improving the appearance of their premises by the aid of the painter’s brush.
Hosiery
Mr. and Mrs. George Angus, who left North Clarendon on the 6th inst, for
The residents of North Clarendon sec-1 Aug. 17.—Mrs. T. Tubman, of Bristol. |î^c^.[1(,l“e m /’pVt	°nt* *’ent
tion report a pro ty stiff frost on Wednes- will entertain a few friends on Wednes-	ftn< ,ront°i ^ence to Owen
day morning ast.	| day evening in honor of her nieces, the	* ,e* ^ the steamer
The kwstaMortmentofBcribbWU%%^%^^'^»^esfor
Suh’e1TeltBootS ThfDr^Storo.'1'1 r,3,'nZlr% M’iShiÏg '	^ I ^V^TverypSeentlri^'
int. I Smallpox has cost the City of Ottawa ^ie farmers Are all busy with the hai’« the over twenty-five thousand dollars from I vest 111 ^‘*8 secti°n the time the disease broke out.
Bristol
That must be sold.
Prices are Reduced to a Mere Nothing I
Ladies Fine Shoeg^_â@gtdgj price $1.00 to $1.50 -reduced to only 50c. Sizes 2&, 3, 3£.
Prunella Boots—(elastic sides)—original price 75c.— reduced to only 25c.
THE NATIONAL ANTHEM.
Following is the special version of the British National anthem for Coronation and Thanksgiving Day :
God save our gracious King,
Long live our noble King,
God save the King ;
Send him victorious,
Happy and glorious,
Long to reign over us,
God save the King.
Accept our thanks, 0 Lord,
For health and strength resrored Toour good King ;
When, fill’d with anxious care.
We cried, “In mercy, spare, "
Thou heard’st the Nation's pray'r “God save the King. '
Thy choicest gifts in store On him be pleased to pour,
And on our Queen ;
Through all their earthly way.
From this glad “Crowning Day, ” devoutly pray.
Our King and Q
With truth and righteousness Our widespread Empire bless ;
God save the King.
Through Britain’s vast domain Sing we the bold refrain,
Long may King Edward reign,
God save the King 1
Murrell’s Corners
The Quyon Creamery Company re-1 Mr. Allan Whyte, the watchmaker, has cently paid its patrons the sum of 17 eta. decided to remove from Shawville, and to per pound, net for the output of the that end is offering his entire stock at cost factory since it opened a short time ago llmc(‘* See ad vt. this week.
Aug. 17.—The farmers are all done haying and a few of them have started
Quyon villaue has two fine schools in Mr. James Chapman, of Litchfield, is I Mr. Ira McLean, of Litchfield, paid course of erection. A separate (Cstho- f,ffenn? hisfann for rale, as will be seen * flying vlsit to frjelKja jn this section lie) school at a cost of 82,000 and a pub- by notice in another column. Mr. C. I Friday
Tic schoo) to cost 84,000.	desirous of selling owing to the con- Miss M. Smiley, of Campbell’s Bay,
The Advance reports the death „f Mr g‘,Tto learn” °™ nofimproving’ toYny	“* 8ectiun this
Quyon, from consumption. He leaves a	. ^1SS McLean, of ( ampbella Buy,
widow, two daughter and five sons.	XVewere obliged to hold over an in" ^ guest of the Misses Smiley this
P -,	...... JSn£E*ST}^cresting budget of items from “Sandy* *<?ek, ^
Tanners are into the thick of harvest 0f Yarm, who, by the way, has not, as Mrs. James McLean, of Ottawa, visit-
this week, and consequently, business many of us weie of opinion, forsaken his e<l her sister-in-law, Mrs. J. Stewart on
people may expect to get a breathing old hftunts. Sandy’s budget will keep Friday.
till next week; but in future we want Quite a few of our young men are talking Messrs Alex. Wilson and Thomas Ar- him to get a hustle on and send his mat- of taking in the harvest excursion to gue, left on Wednesday for the Ternis- ter in on Saturday.	^1).
BSaEPaHs
25th, at Shawville.	Not Intentional.—In referring last	Q B ConventionMM
Stkeb Lost.—Sometime during the I week to the turn-out from the several	_
month of June, on the road between Bry- outlying villages to our celebration here Dear Fellow Endeavored * son and Portage du Fort, a dark red 3 year 0n the 9th, we omitted	to mention that	, ,	.	. ,	„	ArV ^und trespassing or cutting
old Steer. Information that will lead to porLl.m a.. pnr#. Anri	p._OM	1 beg to	inform	you that the next Con-	wood upon Lot No. nine in the sixth range
his recovenr will be thankfully received	, Th» v ,r v en tion of the Provincial C. E. Union of the Township of Clarendon, without
a,»-g	agssr ""i—
Radford, we trust the citizens of those places will	i a-a™ inclu81ve'. .
1 not regard it as such.	A *&*?*'* programme is m course of
preparation, a chief feature of it being
Friday of this week. The fair is We regret to record the death on Monday special Evangelistic addresses by the Rev about ten days too early to suit the farm- of this week, of Miss Ma y, second Wm. Patterson af Philadelphia, ers of Pontiac, and on that account the daughter of Robert Smart, Esq., of Among the Topics to be treated are
attendance from Pontiac will scarcely be Starke’s Corners after a lingering illness 44 Christian Workers.”	Notice is hereby given that I will not be
as laige this year as formerly. They have from consumption. Mr. Smart’s family “The Edeavorer in the Home,”	responsible for the payment of any ac-
a great harvest to save, and it would not has been burdened with	severe and try-	.Social Life,"	my hus&nd Henry D™“Vh^t ml
be business to allow it to take care of mg affliction fora protracted season, and	“	“	“Business Life.”	written order ord?r, as fieras no)chtfmor
__ .	mthisadditiontothe weightof their sorrow 44How to Reach Boys,” followed by title whatsoever to my property.
they have the heartfelt sympathy of the Conference on “The Boy Question,” 4Fi- , MRS- Ellen Sullivan Duggan whole community.	delity,” “The Committee, Men’s Re pon- Sheenboro, Aug. 14, 1002.
Th. —	African
Among the speakers are the follow
VINEGAR Your Pickles are safe if you buy
our vinegar. We sell proof, and guarantee it.
Fruit Jars—we have them.
on
J. H. SHAW.
Bless, we
au is visiting in
ueen
Mr
P. S.—Millmen’s Supplies.
em
TRESPASS NOTICE.
Extract of Malt
GEORGE W. DAGG Shawville, August 18th, 1902.
The Ottawa Exhibition commences on
NOTICE.
Contains in a concentrated form the nutritious digestive properties of Malt with the tonic constituents of Hops.
It is highly recommended in Loss of Appetite, General Debility, Nervous Prostration, Sleeplessness, and as a Sedative in Constipation ; and for Coughs and Colds it produces most excellent results.
Regular Price—35c. per Bottle.
We are selling it for 25c. per Bottle, or by the dozen, $2.50.
itself
À meeting of the Quyon Rifle Association was held in the Town Hall on Monday night. Although Sj a considerable
number were present the attend* I from Pembroke were on their return pre-unce left much to be desired seeing sen ted by the citizens with gifts. A	__
zs,: m,.e.	.b. i, - p—&»____________________________________________________
WAÏïïtiïrSÏ r.dp„t S“ü,rr	Desirable Farm Property
be neceeaary to adapt it for the purpose. letter to the editor of tais journal, for further announcement.	.
Th* Sbqpkl.—Towards the close of <*JB that the harvest is truly great and	Yours truly,	FOf SfllC.
May last, Miss Jennie Hodgin*, eldest tho laborers are few. Cutting will be	W. A Cunningham,
daughter of Mr. Edward Bodgins of this Pretty general over the province this |	Secretary
town,-a young lady held in high es- week, he says, and if the frost keeps of,	----------—	I undermentioned farm property
teem by all who knew her-left home on {™ two weeks longer, everything will be	PERSONAL.	in the Township of Litchfield, ¦
an extended journey, the object of which Mfe-	letter was wruten on the	---- from the village of Bryson, and intersected
readers of The Equiy were told at the Nth-last Thursday, since which date	The Rev. William Knox and family by kth roads leading to Portage du Fort
Rev. D. T. Mitchell, J. D. MacFarlane, general conference to make it an explicit I 1,1,1 ’ n ednesday.	Also South East Half of Lot No. 21 in
of Charter Towers, to Jennie; eldest law that non-attendance at church as a The Misses Telford, of Ottawa, were j same range, consisting principally of bush daughter of Edward Hodgina, Esq., regular thing should foreit membership, visiting at Mr. U. Wallace’s, Clarendon, ^	I ¦
Shawville, Que.. Canada.”	Th. motion stipulated that the offending week.	On the eteve thr^ lots thm are about
Mrs. MacFarUnc’s many friends, we member should be given a month’s Mr. Jamie Naylor left here OB Tue#-1 watered (parth^by the Ottawa river), and are sure will lea: a with much pleasure notice. The memorial is aimed at what day for Montreal, where he will spend a |8 well adapted for dairy purposes. ' The that she accomplished the long journey the pastors say is a constantly increasing , week with his brother Hawley, and j owner’s reason for selling Is his family, with safety, and will be unreserved, also, evil, namely, irregular attendants at thence go west to Calgary, in their best wishes for her happiness in service on the part of the people whose with the object of settling in the great her distant home.	names are on the membership roll. j Northwest
Farm For Sale.
A. LYON, M. D.
Shawville
The undersigned desires to sell the
, situated two miles
With
THE DRUG STORE.
P. 8.—St. Leon Water.
For terms and particulars apply to
J. H. CHAPMAN,


A
V-




it Là




.


J



###PAGE###2###
BRITISH SHIPPING.
T
A
SINCERE TRIBUTE
-------- I thing, but it te something.
“Molto nmabile," the nuns of
IRISHMAN TELLS OF THE GOOD ' Sepolte Vive vail him to this day NATURE of BRITAIN'S KING. |
ally, and was interested in their A «h. N.T.r DM .»	|	ibu^v!!rl/'"«Vi'lV'’and
Plaisent a tout Prince Mvtlorntch, shrowd eye for chiuavter, rull-
i hat
telegraph to all the camps in the neighborhood, but nothing is known. In despair they generally ride off with their hags ot rations to tour round the camps themselves. They will certainly hear the news In time, for the camp registration has been carefully done. The fault probably lies in the incomplete attempt to sort out the camps into districts, but wherever the fault lies it is a bitter search, and when a war-worn figure, patched with bits of rawhide and plush curtains, comes up and says, “Not know where vrouw and kinder/* one can only make wild wuggostions and hope for the best
WINDING DP THE BOER WAR
IVOT&'S AMD COMMENTS
Ce*FSr»llwe ••stem#»5 •# lra4t Whh
Tbe perlons conflict that is
going on In Fronce of the cohgrcgtttionlst schools must have been anticipated as an inevitable development oi the operation et tiie association's law by its
These schools were particularly >x1oU8 to the Republican
now
over the closing
The Liverpool Steamship Owners' Aisodntion have just prepared % very Interesting scries of tabular
comparative statements with respect
to the carrying trade of the United Kingdom during the ten years 1891* 11)00, showing the part of that trade carried in British and foreign eels, distinguishing the trade with foreign countries and that with British possessions. and also distinguishing vessels with cargo and those in ballast. The figures have been obtained from the “Annual Statements of the Navigation and Shipping of the United Kingdom." The tonnage of vessels with cargoes trading to foreign countries in 1N01 comprised 8G.428.Bfi7 British and 15,816,418
foreign were _
io:i tons foreign nl average for the ten years was 40,860,675 tons British and 18,887,284 tons foreign. The percentage of British decreased from 6V| to 61 f, while that of foreign Increased from 30i to 88i, the annual average percentages for the whole decado being respectively t>8 and 82. The vessels trading from the United Kingdom to British possessions with cargo wore 9.105.416 tons in 1891 and 9,551,871 tons in 1900, while foreign ships were of 968,466 tons in the former year and 959,580 tons in tho latter. The annual average percentage of
British re* '-<*^KêHêBêÊEêM from 90* to 911, while that of foreign dec roamed from V* to 8 J.—'The London Times.
LAND BLEAK AND DESOLATE BUT BURGHERS GLAD.
AN
foi
the
A Correspondent Describes Boers Re-Taking Their
Farms.
until
le
T lug, Whe Newer Said • TeeHeee
consistently inorvle
vo*-
who
The correspondent of the London
at Ermolo, Tran*-
cm
Hut VTlive# Life Hu lleen ef
Ttoleg
Neoeeelty Deteted le the >en-K»»ee-tlult ef Ueleg— l oad ef Popelar Llber-
11OV
Daily Chronicle
Vttttl, writes the following interesting letter on the present situation,
of the country
con
eminent, the prime object attack. In his
had a
r(i him when he wus m boy
. uncompromising republican (1 am net ta, shook his head in bowl'd-
C-,mm* -.I-1 sr.vz„"’ -™. '	¦*.
x its m.*s r„,* w	%
good was positive genius and no fig- I very libcra|8” ment of r truckling Imagination.	Veen use the prince had uttered
When the royalov. « *** through	neither origin1»! nor startling,
the streets of London this one and	vory tactful remark that every
that one was K'oetoc	various |lon hlld H riRht to choose Us o\,n
degrees of lespoct nd affection - tno
old Que<n with reverence, Alexandra with chivalry, as if sho were sweetheart of the Empire, tho press
of its Toulouse speech,
of the
sturdy
and the condition immediately subsequent to the duration of peace.
“So now it all stands bleak and
désolat•
all the hills are black with burning us the Yorkshire lurks with heather. L could draw n terrible picture of a land blackened by the liâmes of war. How
tlee
which contained a forecast
Wuldeck-ltousseau denounced
de-
with
law,
wlust he considered the usurpation of
1 antes
It looks the worse because
FAMOUS DETECTIVE
the teaching in the seminaries by the irregular clergy ns a graver mon* «co to
extension of mortmain. Picturing its
In this
Emile Houlier, the Sherlock Holmes of Sunny France.
Emile lfouller, a famous French detective whose exploits rival Sherlock Holmes’, has just died at the
ugo of forty-nine years from congestion following drinking iced beverages while hot. Among his feats was the capture alone and unarmed of the six Wilkinses, British desperadoes, whom Houlier handcuffed in a railway compartment of a speeding express after a terrible light in which he twice was nearly thrown out. lie traced the celebrated murderer Kyi and to Havana and arrested him there. He arrested, with three assistants, a whole secret meeting of dangerous Anarchists. Tt was Houlier who found the clue which loci to tlie arrest of Alton, the Panama briber, after he had eluded the whole police of Europe. Houlier had Just returned from America, where he lmd been to investigate tlio Humbert affair. He was a terror to criminals. His pluck, intelligence, and physical strength were unmatched among detectives, while his cleverness at disguise* and in the use of the criminals’ dialect, was remarkable. Three times ho took part in hazardous burglaries in order to remain* unsuspected and to gain possession of important secrets.
the nation in un than tl
, while in 1900 the figures 111,780,284 tons British and
The amiu-
tlivilling, but how great the liâmes wore
an | tho
vo use queu ccs he said count vv, whose moral unity has for
I or
i
error flames men saw nea veil
for g; of government Fond of liberty, and particularly of his own liberty to come and go a? he liked, and to amuse himself ns hJ
has been all
As soon as our
of peace
tlio whole laiiil flaring to in long lines of fire
constituted its strength
the
centuries
and greatness, two youths are grow ing up ignorant of each othi the day when they meet
they
knew tiie burghers meant to accept the terms and peace was certain.
, To burn the veldt in winter is as as to risk not comprehend mg cacli |)eilCv|u, nu occupation as ploughing
he added, could jn spring. “Oh." said the knowing only by the existence ones (and every Tommy is knowing
v. i h now)
xeldt for the ruins and young grass Wo can wind this show up
hard at it, winding up The first, tiling to be wound
miles of barbed
Em-
Frederick with tender sympa-
I in t i 1
. pleased, Edward VII
thy.	.. . his life. lie has respected the right*
lint Edward With ehovr* in which	oth„r	nIld hc klt, debonair-
there were good humor and goodyel-	taken it for granted that other
lowship. U warn amazing to see how •	would respect his. It re-
instantly his appearance in a royal ^ gom# courttg0 to do this, for
pageant relieved the tension, and set L	invariable truckled to th#
people up comfortably on thmr weary I. ug tactions of the nonconfor-
logs. His mother received the tH- I .gt vonscience ho would have had a
bute of awe, his sisters the tnhute of	r	Despite the fact that ho
respect, but for him was reserved the ^ wqi 0f his own. he steered safe-
pleasantest Found that can greet (no	c\^r of scandalizing the pom
ears of a prince—cheers with the wel- gegg#)rg of tjw nonconformist von
come of laughter In them.	Mcienvo on ths one hand und living a
The people would begin to grin am-	ind hypocrite on the other,
iably ns soon as the word ran down The EngHldl ave nn intensely mater-
the Prince 8 c®,mn^ iallstic and practical people, in their When ho hove in sight there was	pl#u!,,jrofl	n8 well	ns their business
nothing perfunctory about the greet-	th^ir	politics.	Edward has been
They vibrntod with the spirt	Hkpd and	loV(4^ bv	lhem because hc	Uioe	,	..
of fun, deejwh steel, jovial cheer»,	k jn A	8Uper!ntivo degree,	what,	last vear, relates the following story
much as greet a winning sportsman or	,	(hpv ^	Thpy Fpt R gvont Btore by	to show the extreme impetuosity of
n popular idol, whom we arc glad to	mjl[erial	good things, and he	has	the late Cecil Rhodes:
. in continued luck.	bl.cn ft fnink, breczv, unaffected ex- "One day, while he and Mr. Kip*
It was so on Jubilee day of J#,	$jfjon	(>f thelr tattes, liking	good	ling were looking over tin farms,
wh n he rode on horseback directly	g0(>d wine, good fellows - they came across a most exquisite
behind Ids mother s carriage. Ihe p|||ino or feminine-good hunting, 1 view, ono of tho most wonderful on eyes of thousands filled when they	r!otheff g00d manners- liking, ; the estate, a sene that suggested
saw her— that sad, serene little tig- a WOrd, the things a prosperous Turner in its broad expanse
. shove whom hovered iha brlgln- Knglishmnn likrs, till(, grts, if he van. jn front of this beautiful piece of ness of so many glories, the sluuow | Ag (j..unbpttn sajd i# a better nature, blocking out a portion of it, of so many sorrows. I hen th\v saw democruf thon nmnv who prof s* the stood three apple trees, which, from the tarry buck prince whom they baa fajth Ho forbade tho members of Mr. Rhodes' point of view, banned loved and berated and forgiven for , hJg ,10MSP,loI(j And hjv flCrvants to oil- the picture In a moment lie wanted nearly half	a century and they hast-	d|W hjq chjidlu:i	^ their Royal	to sweep them away, lie pullod and
ily brushed	away tbe tears and g«v°	|	Highnesses. Ho snubbed the	Nor-	tort at them with no	result,	and
him once again the <ee$Moiu	gentry unmercifully because they then screamed out for n chopper. His
¦ that has the laugh o com ta e- |	umbrage at h.s invitinc th.J manager ran to tho neai* *t little cot-
ship behind it.	sturdy farmers on his Sandringham tage, but found the doo locked, and
Again. I	Faw him late one night,	i	U(pq to tho Fame	festivities	to	' came back Mid told Mr.	Rhodes	that
when With	much rumbling of wheels	^cdi he had bidden	thorn. Hc	had	there warn no chance of	gelling	im-
and clattering <>i hoofs an jmg g hjg boy8 trained by old sailors on plvmcnts to vut down the of accoutreme nts, h? and his ret in e , tfag ]jritam,|ft and tfce Hacihar.te. to i Rhodes. determined not to I* baffled, swept out of the mniow . kuh an , ^ end (hat they might know how swept him «side, flow tu the cottage, into the brood expanse of riu gu - \ tQ ^ mnn*s work dcxterieu?ly umj and hammered a.id kicked st th*
He was on his way from a an honcat ptisan's pride in it
1
so unlike
other." The fact ho explained
of u power which is no longei occult, and by the constitution in the state of a rival power Congregation ists were thus arraign- j
„ . ,,	... ... .. .	along the blockhouse line»
ennes of the Republic, but it site ( ;v; p(>a(.0 WnS declared, the civil and
be understood that a clear dis tine- military, represented by Milner and
made between them and Kitchener, began to bargain
Catholic church. The the blockhouses and wire.
1 believe, 7,<>00 blockhouses in
of South Africa, and
the labor (which came
the
so t la y are i ivparing
Ami
i he
now they ai indeed
in the ten years
As soon
over
I’lierc
tion was xhe French
the line
The Use med furpet» of Him m
Mr. Mortimer Menpen, in his ' vl-of "War Impressions," publislnd
are
protested his earnest,
to live at amity with that es- apurt from
tablishment according to the terms from the sappers and other soldiers)
which determined | they cost about £20 to £25 to
build. "K." stood out for
the Civil Administra' who is
offered to with
t lien premier desire
whole
ngs
ef the concordat
JL10
and church by tin* religious orders into the control
tin* relations between church state, but lie held that the itself t Impel
see
i apiece from
Won. Milner demurred. ' K u mighty keen bargainer, throw in 1,000 yards of wire uf each blockhous tho price will tliHk no wire is included the is the wire I have watched a 1 .nicesters winding up over mile aftci mile, as 1 trekked for the last days along their line from the pot at. Stamlerton. where all life is
s t a (Ï
was being menaced that the
Finally, I believe, be about JL'S. but 1
Well, that
Just
were creeping schools, pulpits and missions
ure
that
NERVOUSNESS TN ANIMALS
the
they l eu tied “to introduce into state unnor the specious veil of
According to M. Coupin, animals, like persons, suffer from crisis of the nerves. Fear of motor-cars, etc., produces trembling and “false" ., paralysis in horses. Fear of puniah-t)T ' ment or excessive joy acts injuriously on dogs. The story of the Scotch dog which was reprimanded for n fault by its master, the minister, just before ho wont on a journey, and seemingly took it so much to heart that, it died during his absence is supported by n case given by M Arucli. of the Veterinary School, Milan. A dog of eleven years, intelligent and affectionate, took convulsions on receiving a stern reprimand from its master, and time the master come home afterwards it had a similar attack. The
two
religious institution r political corporation the, object ot which is to
arrive at complete independence and ; dost and curses and railway
officers, up into the silent heart the country here
entanglements is a symbol of pence, hut do not suppose the sons of the speaker urged Midlands like it better for that.
You should hear their appeals t cuds as the barbs tear their hands the cold wind, and they know that every gash may produce a “veldt sore" that will last for
de-
usurpation of aut hoi
then at tipi
corne
Winding up the
itv

Furthermore, tin
that they stood without the concordat, a ml i his brought a sharp answer from the Pope, that “the religious communities form nn integral part of the apostolic weeks church as much as the secular
r ees. Mr
tin
who declared !V
row bar
square
command performance of opera nt Covent Garden to Marlborough House. The streets were flooded with light and you could see him plainly through tho glass doors and sides of his carriage. Hc was pale, and I his faco would have seemed merely stupid had It not been so se-1 he Hussars followed his car-
door; then screamed for a
He has found his keenest enjoyment l to force it open	_	___
when ho could knock about remote to exterminate the apple trees, in
.‘beer force, he
So eager was he
Fill: FIRST FAMILY HOM1
the end, through
broke open the door, fetched an old rusty (hopper, and with his own hands, cut them down Mr. JOplinf all this time wai sitting quietly on a boulder watching the performance, and when Mr. Rhodes, tirvd ou* with of him exertions, sank down on tho 1	'*
by ; and expr* s.-ed his complete sail Mac-
Now we can
he crept quiet
corners of the world with his wife under the alias of "Mr. and Mrs. Williams,"
Hc has made the purple, red and black respected on the great rare courses of England, as a token of j | honest, gentlemanly sport.
Ho has relieved Facial life
IV
On the second day out wo upon an old Dutch tick-wagon him
-,	, : boring along behind twelve oxcnP
the lull, in their efforts for right and ^ vok0(, antl half-strangled in the old former joy of the animal on seeing liberty, a fact which is probably not |>ut(dl XV4ly. Under the hood at the its master was changed into suffer-
present 1 back sat the mother in her “kupje," surrounded by a collection of child-crockery and provisions. Of the flat in front was piled such household furniture as had survived or	. .
portion as defender of the church in i been made in camp. With the oxen A genius has written to the At -
........--•*«. '»	rs sÆjsss s&t ss
I had seen going home. Perhaps it| invisible
was tho very first that went, for, looking-glasses all over the meii-of-th*. tîise was unusual. The Doe * told "ae above the water line, so that me quite simply that he was a rich when the enemy comes along hc will man and had bunked his money be- see the water reflected in the hulls fore the war. He had surrendered a of our ships, and lie won t Know month or two back, and gone to what has happened. And while he his family in the Standerton con- i» thinking the problem out. wo will centration camp. His wagon	had explain things by blowing him into
been saved, and now hc had bought a happier world, and thus the brittle oxen at $90 apiece from the tish licet and the enemy's will Government, and hud come away, come invisible as a result of tho owing no man anything. Hc had same process. We rather think this even refused the rations and tent gentleman must be in the looking-which Government issues to burg- glass trade, hers setting out for a ruined farm.
Ho had heard his farm was not ruined ; at all events it still had a roof. So on ho went in faith. The ! average Transvaal farm is about 7,000 to 8,000 acres, but this man, as I found from a map, with his father and brother owned about as much as six English parishes, and at the midday "outspan" 1 saw the the religious orders as such. But ^ig landed proprietor bring his oxen
the law, which was passed by large ' across the drift, let them loose, col-
majoritioi*, has boon clearly violated ! loct dry dung for fuel, make a lire,
cook, and help rub. the thick coat-
dust from the children's and faces. Then hc turned j
I'liev had, he said, his cn
came
clergy
courngcmcnt in their resistance
to |
swear
ing
without influence upon the course of events. At the same time
rrne
riage, instead of riding arounn it have never seen a man in a position that was in itself so abjectly helpless.
Only the will to harm him was required to make his position perilous in the last degree. Yet there was in his eye a placid look of trustfulness and affection that stirred a kindly feeling in more than one republican heart. 1 he xx heels of his carriage all but brushed our coats as wo gaped at him. He was dressed in n scarlet uniform, and blaring with decorations. He looked just what he was—n splendid, pleasing figure-head, serving an entirely and harmless and, I An expedition organized by the in some respects, a very useful pur- | British Foreign Office and the Royal pose.	I Society recently left England for
The tired, close-packed multitudes East Africa to investigate the whole cheered him way inside the palace | subject of the "sleeping sickness" in gates and the glimpse of him had s0 j Uganda. The expedition consists of restored the gala spirit of the long- Dr. Low, who lately returned from drawn-out, tirin'? day that everybody | investigating yellow fever in St Lu-scurriod for tho neighboring cafes to j cin, and who recently carried out
some highly interesting experiments This man. without whom the world I In regard to malaria in the Roman could have got on just as well as it Uampagna; Dr. Christy, who has with him. has been the object of done valuable medical work on the intense loyalty and affection for a Niger and in connection with the generation and a half, because he plague in India, and Dr. Castellan:, has an intensely loyal and affection- of the Jenner Institute, ate nature.	These gentlemen will go direct from
He has loved to be loved, and hc Marseilles to Entebbe, the hcadquur-hafi worked on the principle that the tors in Uganda, via Mombasa. It is surest way to receive affection is to j hoped to conclude the preliminary in-
Moro than any other public figure 1 eight months of our time, ho has boon all things 1 not only study in tho various proto all men. more than once so com- vincee of the Uganda Protectorate plaisantly so as to brin:; reproach | the history and causes of the disease, upon himself.	1 with a view to remedial measures, but
He has made it the business of his | also the area within which tho ma-life to cultivate the amenities, the I Indy has declared itself.
"Sleeping sickness," or negro lethargy, is a very fatal disease, which has been long known in West Africa,
nk

id
some of its foolish complexitier
inventing the semi-dress coat and the i tion by saying short dinner.	1 this beautiful view
All his life long he has been gentle. . along to a little «oiled piece of
rag
and tied it on to a branch of one of
Then ar quietly he the bowld-
xv hi le warning Franco that her politi cal prestige was largely due to her
INVISIBLE SHIPS
set
frank, engaging, fun-loving, discreet speaking- and ho-has never hurt any body's feelings—which is a kingly j the fallen trees thing in itself
his own attitude toward the republic a:i follows :
He proposes to stick
crept back to him s*at on cr, and murmured to himself exactly what Rhodes hud said a minute ago. Now I can see this beautiful view.' Mr. Rhodes tumid round, looked at him with a blank exprès-and asked him what he was
Hr. Kipling simply
M. Waideek-R o ussvn u in his Toujour speech spoke of the» moral unity rri Franco. Who lias labored more than 1 for it ? lime 1 not energetically counseled Catholics to cease all conflicts ngainet the Inst v utions which your country 1ms freely chosen and to which it remains attached ? Have 1 not urged Catholics to serve the republic instead of combating it ? 1 have encountered warm resistance among them, but 1 believe that their present weakness arises from their lack of union and their Imperfect deference to my advice.
AFRICA'S SLEEPING SICKNESS
m
eleeil
l! snail y Fatal Disease
luti
mon
talking aboutHHP^I pointed to tho rag dangling worn
tho end of a bough, and laid. That soiled rag you see 1* a blot cn the landscape Without it the scene would be too perfect, and I couldn’t have enjoyed it. In life we niustn t have perfection. We must have a blot-and that is my blot. The idea of having ’blots' to die-tract one's attention from * beautiful picture soemed to grow Kipling, for when he got back to i hs farm where they were all staying, le suggested that a vicious red plush curtain with gold tassel* should be hung in the opening leading from the Dutch kitetnn to tht hall, to be a blot, giving value to this beautiful
Rut tho manager
bo
always

SAPPHIRES IN CLAY.
The sapphire mines of Fergus Co., Montana, arc attracting great interest, ns they present a new departure in the mining of this gem. Sapphires arc usually found in pockets or clusters, but in these mines they are discovered in veins, that is, embedded in clay streaks filled in bet ween walls of rock mined
brought to light
carats of these stones were obtained from these mines in one month.
drink his health
has
Mr
on
It will thus be seen that if the schools are hotbeds of treason it is in defiance of the papal authority, which pleads only for the rights of
The day is and washed, and the gems
About 18.000
Dutch interior said he preferred to live without the
blot."
vestigntion into the subject in about
The observers will
by the ochools because they failed to come in and seek recognition and authorization, as it demand». While, however, they are legally at fault, it is a grave question whether the course of the Government is a wise and pc litic one.
ing of clothes
off towards his distant farm by an other road to mine.
fat» Like !t
Our Englith mammals are nearly all capable of sheltering th?mselvel from rain, most of them being burrowing creatures, and others the squirrels and dormice, able to take shelter in hollow trees, fats positively enjoy & wet Juno on account of the number of drenched and helpless sparrows they can catch. Kv-London cat will catch three or
in a
THE SEARCH FOR JIOAll
13Y MEDICAL ADVICE
Besides this family, 1 have already A distinctly twentieth century idea seen some thirty or forty burghers that of a hotel-keeper who praiding up and down the country on vides for his patrons a diet the tough little ponies which have made
served them so well through	the	the food best	suited to each	per-
war. Almost without exception they 5Qn. The fat, the thin, the dyspep-aru going to their families in some tic, the anaemic—all are catered for; concentration camp or arc still and not only so, but, so far us pos-searching for news of them.	Our	sible, dirties	arc provided which,
signallers and telegraph men «long	while they are	adapted for each	par-
tho line do all they can to help,	and	tieular case,	do not offend	the
1 haw seen the flags wag out such unaccustomed messages as Mcerbank Durban; is Mrs. Jan Brcitenbach of seven children.'
g< niai superfluities, that help to make existence pleasanter, if not more pur-
He possesses social sagacity in its but has recently traveled along the perfection end unparalleled adapta- j Kongo into Uganda. The fear is that bility. He can contribute a sane it will spread in this region. It has hint or a feasible plan to a family many features in common with the conferenco in which sit the throned general paralysis of the insane. Hith-heuds of Russia, England, Denmark erto it has only attacked natives, and Greece, and he can say the pleas- and three cases were recently tinder ant, cheering word at a dinner of treatment In London hospitals London cab drivers.	est reports from Uganda indicate
ri,_ -TTourroo	Consider, in making your estimate that in Dusoga alone 20,000 persons
Smutsoog there ?	I HE BUSINESS lONL.	of him, the interesting fact every liaVt* succumbed, and it is said to be
•JJ	I'D lie telegraph Ma- y0U Wnnt advertising to help one of his multifarious occupations | still on the increase,
lion	of the King s < uv n OoiUshire	y0ljr	business, you must put	into	has had to	do with	the non-ossfn-
L.I.,)	on tho J afel Kop, about this	business ring which will	ap-	tials of life.
place,	is crowded all day with the	pcftl	to tho business sense of	the	For a man	who has	been dilettan-
rough and bearded men who	have	avcrnge buyer.	No advertiser	can	te-student, traveler,	horseman,	adjust cone off commando, and	are	uflorcf to waste	opportunity by	ne-	ministrator of social	functions, ama-
cnlling W our orderlies to	send	g|cctinff the	chance to toll	his	teur farmer, hunter,	yachtsman	and
wires to each camp in succession. friencjg nbout what hc is doing and connoisseur of pictures — for such a nn<l discover where tlioii wi\es	an<l	impressing upon	them the value	of	man to have at all	impressed	his
children may possibly be. To many what he hRS to ofrer	personality on him time is marvelous,
answer duly comes ; for in-	—	.	-¦	This the Prince and King certainly
HS&
Fall,» (left in charge)—"No. you the Kaffirs on their own farm* but mean?" Father-ylt mean^ to unite • n,v,rthel.„, and when h. cases cannot have any more cake." (Very that will not account for it all. and or stick together. Willie- Then il ^	it Europe will look in v.ln
seriously) "Do you know what 1 I have not discovered yet to what the butcher cleaves a bone dowhc	hfr lofti!v plll, «i ones for a
rtiull hate to do if you go on mak- we must put down the rest. It is stick it together,	*:lt' * men to carry on the festerings of
inr that dreadful noise ?" Little part of tho strangely accurate Boer, Why-er-I think it means to sepa- ,odft ., el#ganci„ as tactfully .nd t,irl;aobbing)—"Yes " l ather- Well intelligence throughout the war On rate, m.v son. «iIHe- And when	||g bo djd
what Is that ?" Little Oirl-"(Mvc the otter hand. I have already met ; a man separates from Ms Wifef doe, I	„ot be much to dow„
",rJ *
like
1 j • T
out by a physician, showing
i
GAMBLING DEN PRECAUTIONS
Tho uses to which electricity can be put are well illustrated by a discovery which the New York police have just made. It seems that some of tho gambling dens in New York are protected by an extraordinary net-work of electrical attachments to provide against an unexpected raid on the part of the police. All the passages and entries are lined with secret push-buttons, and there arc even cross-wires by which the entrance of anyone could at once be signalled to the gambling rooms. But most clever of all is the fact that tho rooms arc lit not by electricity, but by gas, and the connections are so arranged that, should any unauthorized person enter, the gas would at once be cut off and the light» extinguished.
en a
four benumbed young sparrows day. Leverets, unfortunately, suffer a good deal, and though rabbits have shelter available, the wet grass disagrees with them. Lambs are forward for such late rains to affect
and oven when quitp young
We doubt
palate
Lat
W i re
too
seem almost waterproof if rain ever penetrates to the skin of a sheep, so full of oil and grease »1
Even cattle have a quan-
their
kia| William's !>eteresl»»tlea.
'There are some interesting glimpses of William IV and Queen Adelaide in a volume which Mr. Brimley Johnson has ready for Publication consists of the letters and personal reminiscences of the lato Miss Clith-crovi of Boston House. We learn, for one thing, that King William made a "determination never to lay his head on his pillow till he had signed everything hc ought to on the day." This caused hlm"cruel suffering" from cramp, and ho had often to step In tho middle of work and hand in hot wntei which have to be signed by the Kim* in these days must be many more.— London Chronicle.
tit y of oil and lubricant on
comparatively ?hoiL-hair,
heir ggggggggggagmw
harness never gets rusty the other hand, are miserable | continued wet.—London Spectator
and on
It is said that oxen s
Horses, on
skin
in
an
Always Ameaekle *# Slnlyllss.
Lord Kitchener received a part of his education at a school about four miles from Montreal the point where the Rhone enters the
Take of Geneva the school Was called, numbered some thirteen boys, and the head master was a clergyman of the name of Bennett. A former master of the school describes Kitchener at the age of fifteen:	"He was of medium height,
broad chested, a very model of strength, but not passionately addicted to sport# Solitary In his habits, hot chumming especially wlin any of his schoolfellow^, he work**! quietly and steadily, o*d prevtd fck ways amenable to disciplina/* ...
Mr. PiCt— “Since your friend Blinking married Misé Bonds lie 1ms been lending the life of a dog Air. Penn— I'm sorry for him
Don't you sympathize with ‘Not at all. He has no-
not far from
I'm
put his The documents
n
Grand Clos
him ?
thing to do but to eat, sleep and himself. It’s the life of a
amuse pcV dog he Ends
A Wfcrty» te Seteeee.
Hoot maker—You'll, excuse me, sir, but can I see that those hoots* too tight for you. They'll give you
Customer — My good man, that's what I require. I'm the clerk of the Weather, and I want to know when to be able to predict rain with certain ty5-£kk-Mo4Jpe
are
corns

s


i

Z


1




A
A
###PAGE###3###

«/
> /

! THE GLEAEl OF GOLD. !
_ mmm
#:## 7££5£S32£
It whR tlnn, .lî^.f ^P| ll8t "f COr'r ”elf to dniltl' '» this taste for eml-
f üi=ü üë iüil=
•“.y queried with n quick «crutiny blotting paper between tho	*
Of Hie face o( his visitor, who he- and handod it to the justice urned the look as ho inclined his A moment later he wns alone in ‘"•««I. Sit down. sir. 1 am plena- his cell again.
wore sentenced to four years. and were liberated on n ticket-of-leuve by order of my predecessor, after eight mon Uia’ incarceration. Have you since reported yourself to the police, as you «re bound to bv the conditions of the ticket to do?"
¦ Captain Richmond replied,
“1 have not reported myself."
Good," returned the secretary,
ISS'lïite' SF«
this office ungrateful. tVhen will \on lie ready for arrest?"
ilw day after to-morrow, if that will suit."
“Very well. Be in Camlos street between 3 mid 4 o'clock on Wednesday morning, with a chisol and few othei pockets.
t
hat.
'J'hc escort, taken by surprise, wlie**lad and fh<d, and f he gold was hiindoii over to I lie I moth rangers, and
HUNTING THE PRECIOUS MFT a,lcrw«r<1”. <*> it is wiM, hidden hy
ALIN AUSTRALIA.	%%"o,	"TaTiSPs wÎÏnÎnS ™
to the scene of the robbery, where
it is mipposod to remain to this day.
TOWNS BUILT UPON FIRE.
one
i
Moans by
Which It Is Won— Countless Dead
Track.
Mans Places Have Seen Destroyed by Great Volcanic Eruptions.
on the
Mut, if the rotmmcc is gone greed remains, huttod financier
1.
tilt
and still the si I k...	I .	i	------ a i«d Un; rusty fos-
Jn Imr mountains are sicker follow the gleam of theiroM of i he pr<H iou# metal, rich flats are (^peeked with it.
her mountain rivers wash with them to tin money have
Australia is a land of gold, in a litoral sews*.
mighty roofs
( itploin .lames Richmond was ush-c 1 ' to to Uio room in silence, tho door closed after him.
The total destruction, within t lie past
its 40,000
and
few weeks, of the town--with ¦¦ inhahitanls-of St.
l ierre, Martinique, Wef t Indies, by volcanic éruption, is a I unique example of the ultimate fa to of towns nestling, in tu
RUN- ON THE SAME LINES AS fitt,uro ,,f llh' laws of both of
lure and common
o—
her
and
Mfimons of THE NEW CEDER OF MERITi
Ix-'h «pent on it, and	I
thousands of torn* have been
no means
9 9
lient <.'<•¦
Nh«
ii at t he foot of m.n-extinct burning mountains.
A rotund the 1 a r of Vesuvius, fur instance exist, their
blind to the
ingly hangs (literally) over heads. For some distance up the ojopi-u of Vesuvius vineyai'ds flourish 1 heso are tciJled and
many
won from her hidden treushue oh-am-bers, by what toil, by what bitter
hy what dogged
once and undying ton rage, only her Given to Those Who Cam Distinc-nwift flowing streams and her tion in V/sr, Science, Letters mountain gUlîle» mal .'i,>uiyt can t«'ll	and Art.
It has been won %y stratagem guile, or
leaves
“That there is a secret mint at Shashnul."
THAT OF PRUSSIA
Preposterous!" the minister ejaculated. “A mint in one of her majesty’s prisons? Dear, dear? You must think of something more like-Dut I ly—more possible!"
g Pardon mo; but I cannot think of I anything more possible to a man in Th	. tl,e «overnor a the governor’s poaltion. who hud the
HÉ»
number lews small v i I higr, iniuibibuit.s perfect ly dangtr that threateu-
lt.»'ir
b.v i
by robbery, even by per-! . Ixl,lg ward’s now order of met
rtonal violence and by bloody mur-j lt# cre,lted in connection with
dor, by those who pegged out their r?rona,io11, Lo , UIi °» much |
lonely claims beyond the furthest i 1?”	11,1(161 n:‘ Ulat °< Pruasia.	. ,
rcucl, of the law; it haa hfrn w,,n ™at. ft Wty’ ,l is '° cons,itul- pr-.ctiralL by Hlraightforwurd mnnly toil I,y t, hlg leat recognition in the land E|“cuulI,y
In the track of it are the count- Venezuela having had an order of “ bhough 1 s r,’atfr »" m'vv‘r «^lly
others, who. fur a, ever from their |!rV>‘,avc at,luirRd U« Rood will. ftft',1/V*, ft ft
3“ ittuVr and' ’ f o o tsor a, * ' Tut lhi,,« in'eonunon" with'ulr VraJ.»	Jhv'bL.a^î
séh EP™P	r ^ EllilS: ::
thero to arrest you, as before. I will t,lc ^on of tho notorious "Jim never in the labor yard. Why? They trots the ,iioiy,v. ,	, i	u i pointed pale blue enamel cross,
arrange that you servo your sentence (row" His first conviction was for always looked pictures of health, follow tho ele .m' ^ Tn ,/^'TL'	MOUNTED IN GOLD.
s^EBEHlpS^iEl	#!####### In............................... '' ...
secretary replmd. "You will Bay <*l himself as a bookmaker, lie lost m the use of the condemned base- bnd-ltke Olh. lV-thrdî rcmnnol 1 Amcric,m upon whom it has over !n the ^ . of H‘™ I only as little us necessary to tho JB» money, and was mobbed for nient cells," ilm secretary said gor,e c’laims ue nwort !t 1 icvn conferred—namely, tho histor-!	lo°- f,om dieter,
frlli ###5% a	...*
clear?	of base coin had been circulating for Wo duly consider the matter." one	1 °	‘ A goml | ho gladly accepted the Prussian or- Wuy hctween lh<-
- hfeh=E;"e	^	nr—i
Nothing, unless you can expedite f,mi* years for passing base coins. ceived a check for Ills services. He m‘rn ^,,, ! y ft , fo,ty >on,,vj it has throughout the 1(Hi veers loWns Woul(j. without doubt
=HS“ : r: a -«*¦-es-shss?
3-HK3S- S!5F,E~—-KIE-s-=:W-”:SSBKiE^
preliminaries must, of course, he ex- Ho took a pencil from his visitor, *'or » time ho was purelod to know j TOPh n|«„!	'	,	. Thus it. has boon refused In turn l»v i1 ‘rîTp r,'ulaincd' llor "f '%» 18/100
tiemely annoying. 1 may add.” tho and wrote:	’ why he had been appointed. But he1	,hw ,s. * 1,0 Herbert. Spencer bv Pasteur '"'hah.Vunls Altogethe.
secretary said, holding out. is hand. I ’’Endeavor to tract movements of "« “ot kept long in the dark, for ^ M, Jelf	4mh,wi,e.- y,M Francoia An, go. ami ' last. but' not 1 ".ft00" ,ivea.wnro lost
if you carry this matter through every coiner who has passed through ,,0U wee	to the home office, a|l1, tftft Lüftvltl'ftT,. ' ,	: '""«t. hy the famous German pom rho tti;u('nsia" range is wholly
Butcosefully you may rely upon any here—movements since they loft. wher° the secretary graciously apolo- wiu djm ' V .	' y ' ' bul UhlamJ, the latter doclining it <>n more or ,css V(>,-Canlc, and a volcanic
influence I may have in the matter Want my discharge, for time being.” *««* *«• having scouted the coin-' th,- h.fttonins of Uie eleîm nf ih° "lR ground that its acceptance would outb,u'*t ,n IV'hn" ’> <>f this preiiont of a «pieen s messengerslup, for which Three days later n warden entered l?g theory. Two prison commis- ,r |d. , ft ,	, K “f t^e bo equivalent to a token of opprov.U yehar; at Schcixmcha, Caucasus.
*!aip:Wi*ei
s,“z,‘s°m"s-Açacr-a xss«r-	!" ;
Thirty-nine smiled blandly after "These	officers are here to fetch you	ers left» and the deputy-governor ! this chasing of the gleam, and to .? Li Ve '..f ! r ’ tL*r® a,ld nl'\-
Wm.	If you	give me your word not to	w,,“ aPPOinted as a stop-gap. The an old digger the only game Worth ! wUh two slU-er swords
molest	them or attempt to escape	Sume evening a raid was made upon playing; ku may work fur a while hilts between «
mm
only consistent that wardens should ^,H“U,ela’..Thc bl!s,nc:,s WH^ an cux- local ^ro.n.w^r who weighs it garter blue ami crimson. The ,h(lt for a disUmee of fifty
rjutasirssts& -	%%% r « s, -,	t-j-y,» j zr	^
K*^-r«1	Jsrsu*ssss-jsir^“0 ÊL „
ard. and. as they took their seats 1h undesirable that ess. Idee every thing els*, into a lotion meets with universal up .ro- '	volcanic	u	common	knowlodgi.
knowleftftc*,.	,beCOm°rU,blC	tol'vccm the capital-( vn|. Indeed, not one word of oh-	though	tin, great	ml as!., o,,he.	in
”Th« ncertVo eecreter.y ROnc">rfcd. ISIS of the world; the great West ,ecUon has been raised cither to the """ «onnectlon. in this part of the
&S2USZ. s.’zs.'z tstassTSsvs ss vs smt ” - ,i-. srxüxz: tisr*-
really masterpieces of their Und. ^ave.	It may bo added that there was who,° rowiHry between Santa I'e
Hit in tho o,d da,v.3-lh<5 lawless, formerly a French order of merit, it ?nd	was dostroyfxi, Iruliid-
wild, wayward nays when a man was created by that most disreputa- *,lg cities of Cuzco and Quito pegged out his claim and defended ble of all French monarch». King i tTIie lattor place, built in hare-rvi	1 a® bcst <ld couldÇ.tnking hi* j Louis XV.. who, curiously enough. ! Gained f anil ion right up the moun-
Ihe futriah kirk of Druralio had chance against every' breed of man is known in history bv the surname I tam	hanging on to it. ns it
been rather unfortunate in its minis- under the win, and keeping his I of T o Bien Aime." alt hough he was Wrro- like Babylon’s famous garde ter.s, two of them having gone off in hard-won gold only by right of his of all the long line of French kings ! of 0,<,« is ever in a periodical .otate a decline within a twelvemonth of man hood—then there was romance, j the one most profoundly and tniver- of f "I laps* from s art» terra neu 11— t heir appointment; and now, after a,1(1 enough. Those were the days I sally oxecrutcd. His order of merit otherwise volcanic—iii.vt urbance. On hearing a number of candidates for whon the gold was brought up in ; went the way of all such things ot 0,le occasion 10,000 persons poiish-tho vacancy, tho members were look- the rough mining cutn|>s from the the time of the great revolution in *** in a second.
ing forward with keen interest to miners und sent down to Sydney j 17V3. was revived at the time of the *Iap»»n and Hiiea in the Fast, and the meeting at which tho election of And Hat,hurst by coach and escort ; restoration in 1814 bv King Louiw almost the whole of Southern the most suitable applicant was to when the butA-ratigers, woll-infonnod XVIII., and finally passed out of ex-	nfToixi countless instances
the day and the hour, reined istence in the days of that so-called man’s temerity in building his blood-hors*!v— tho one-time July revolution in 1830, which re-, ,,w<*lling, and establishing himself in pride of some aquatter’# stable—in au 1 tod in the deposition and flight of sI’uts which Nature has clone the shadow <H timber-clump or rock, King Charles X. and the advent, of Iwt builrd up the drivers	tho Duke of Orleans—great-grand fa-1 ^oh’* Weekly.
t! or of the present pretender of that name—to the French throne
are nev-
his
in some ra- <•», the folk 1/ low who lit j
foot -hi 1 ion of
upon a
nnd îlfTGulttneum in A I). 79
t hero ow.t-
No,"
and Ids t
of
"f don't—at
Uon
wm to have no fear
will not. find
Even
is due more to good than to any «rreat a moi-nt of creLion on t he part of
T1JK UIUGINAL Ft)l NhKRS
i extant
lurk
iliSr
XX hat has been said about Vesuvius m like wan net
The Vegetation
you?’
to Etna, for nearly
ii more prolific than Italian sJister.
concerned the
111-
soii*e of is Etna does, midtowns of Messina
Perfectly so, sir."
Is thcno anything f can do
the
you?
Both the mi Ufer
ox tent, with regard r. So 10-
aitd
i
more t n

greater misfortune which befell t no same place in 1 tif>7,
y hen 80,000 persons wore launched into eternity
trophe contained


J'he latter
cattish
no warning for those who ought to have profited by • and ii i^ morally certain people will under the shadow of ti
con-
tint t
still continue to live
o very cuu.se
of
THE NEW ENGLISH ORDER
DEATH AND DESOLATION.
•lava, again—aird, indeed, most of the other Archipelago
islands of the Eastern
are largely volcanic, bcjiig. nearly all of Uivin, submarine upheavals, due Krakatoa

¦ to volcanic action Java'* monarch
"Wïum 1 get out of this and that man is din missed—and I'll take good care ho in—I'll waylay him and give him one of the soundest hidings ho ever had. The question i», when shall I got out of here? Five days of the five years gone, and I don't see anything queer. Still there's a deveat balance left for discoveries'.
The cell door swung open and another warden looked in "Thirty-nine, talking! Won’t do, my lad—won't do!"
"Saying my prayers,” replied thirty-nine.
mou ii-
our rounded by wreath, bearing on the
For merit
9 9
and
vol-1 hose
at

scene, ray,
miles
nd burning
"Say 'em to yourself, my lad! .y
&s,:rd -u | %» ”• «• ¦* »
"All right?’' he inquired genially, ns ho looked Thirty-nine carefully over.
"Yes, thank you," tho convict responded with some surprise.
"Feel yourself a-s comfortable as at Blackcnham? ’Orrid 'ole. BJacken-ham! Nearly as bad for the officers as for tho prisoners. Was there four years myself
Thirty-nine pricked up his ears nervously.
"Mv name’s Williams,'' the warden continued with increasing affability.
"Remember me? No? Well, p'r aps not. Can't say I remember you.
But we see ho many new faces while you don't, so I thought you might remember me
Weren't you In for coining at Black-1 ***** ex-Thirty-nine got into a han-
’Ousebreakin', eh? Well, aom *nd d™ve away to his cham-
Rut I ber9* An hour later, attired in
smiled,
the

T think so," Thirty-nine replied.
Wo shall take you to the station, if you’ve no objection., or tiho driver may smell a rat. There is a first-class to London, and two sovereigns I was instructed to hand you for your return expenses."
They alighted at tho station and passed through the booking lobby.
"That is your train waiting, sir said the second officer, "so we'll wish you n respectful good morning. We're not returning till a later train."
PRACTICAL
me
# •
• 9

"Good morning,” replied Captain Richmond, as the train moved out of ..JL**, c?,
the station.	vvecl, Marget,,' asked one female
parishioner of another, ns they foregathered on the road one day, "wha are ye gaun toe vote for?
"I'm just think in, I'll vote for
¦¦¦¦¦HI	“You	a	to get
at the secretary said, with a doprecat-
I’m afraid you cannot Some-1 have discovered much in the time/'
"I don’t think I could have learnt more had I remained," Richmond rc-
1 have drawn some sur-Clearly he had I prising conclusions, and the test I must cult!- I must be made from outside. I have
only to wait now for tho reports On an average too Brit Mi mi lithe movements of coin- Jeet» are yearly born at sea.
of
of
their
to mark "dangerouo."—p-e^v
Arrived at the metropolitan term-
Stop, though
9 9
enham?
well, every man to 'is trade
ON TIIH OPEN ROAD

Tile writer hus seen «ml pmsAed many occasions tho bluff of rock on |
the Orango-Engowra- road where
...... . **» fctuck ep by bush- In th<- game of life the one-armed| One morning g banker stepped inrangers and the con oh to Bathurst man plays a lone ban-d.	t » his office and most, effusively
lightened of its weight of gold. The A man never knows whether a wo- greeted his took keeper, who hail bushrangers, arriving some hours man’s hat is on straight or crooked, tcred his service just twenty-five before the coach was expected, Some men are so busy looking for 5oars before, at the same t ime haml-Ntuck up two bullock drivers taking a position that they have no time ing him a closed envelope with their waggons south for stores, and to'work.	remark:
compelled thorn to stand their teams ! A man may	be able to	fool	him-;	"This
an-o?w the road, and Uiu» block the	telf ns to	his	imppi taiue,	but	it is	men to of	the	present
highway, the rock bluff at the difficult to fool bis neighbors A memb« of a volunteer fire brig- shoulder of the mountain preventing Thai man who sa>s he never ture at
any detour. This done, they await- make» a mistake cd the arrival of the couch. Socn know one when he rros it. alter the appointed time the four- 11»» oaorage wife Imagines in-hand dashed up, the driver slow- huruuud would have remained aj banker's I could ing hi.* team, as he saw the bullook	bndhvlor if	ho	had not been fortun-	nothing more
waggons stopping the road. In-	ate enough	to	meet her.	dumb for	the	moment
¦tantly from their cover of rock the When some men get Into the put*- "Well, what do you think of it?" the bushranger* ntood out and shot aj lie oje they abord the public aliout his principal inquired.
You must mute nearer the| loader dead, at Uie same time put- ns much pleasure as a cinder would "It’s just like you," %%»# ,|lc ^
ting a bullet through the driver's I in a similar position.
Oil
,, J was Margaret’s sagacious reply.
"Toots, woman, if that's the wey o't, vote wi’ me."
An' hoo are ye gaun tae vote?" “I'm gaun tae vote for the that I think has the soundest lung», an’ ’ll no' bother us decin’ again in a hurry."
TRITE TO THE LIEF?
POINTED PARAGRAPHS
fcalc—quite a small mint Vd been Sure you never tried your ’and	I
coinin’? No? Well, well, it must | Dig smile 'ave been my fancy. then body something like you, I suppose Night!”	¦¦¦
"What did he come for?" Thirty-1 «ponded
himself.
some definite object
rate my frfend Williams."	I I
Hut William» did not. show him-1 concerning self again for some days, and thon ers who have passed	Nrasli-
adopted an entirely different man-1 nal
man
en-
t «ti
f ê
is to serve you as a mè-
neras ton
! h** grateful recipient did not ^B	in si 11> open the envoio| •*.
probably <fov&ci't until encouraged to do so by a nod
idiJ a smile from his employer. And her j what do you think it contained
photograph—t lu t.
Tile bookki'ooer
vrn-
ade did not appear on the scene of the conflagration until after the fire was under control. He wan severely taken to account hy the chief for thus neglecting hi* duty not help it," replied the fireman ; I live a long way from tho lire." That 's no excuse," snapped H^B chief, " next lire
"Here are ciseiHH
ers I don’t understand .ft*
"On tho
ords," Richmond returned, a slight color mounting to his face, "appear to confirm my suspicions Aot strike you as being strange, sir,
M |the record* of three I can get others for you, if Why you pick upon coin*
ner
file
II
nd

Thirty-nme had been in Shashnal prison about three weeks, when the juices paid their usual visit. T J
had not ang to wait for Ids own
other hand, these
roc-
• f

He
Does it
##
ply

V




»
r—*
/
1
/
V
A
###PAGE###4###




Tenders Wanted.
THE EQUITY.
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
Farmers’
Tenders will be received up to September 1st for the supply of material and the building this season of a Driving Shed at the English Church, Radford. Information furnished by the Rector, Yen. Arch.
The Dominion Government has decid-1 Naylor, mid plane end roeclfleiitlom. can
be seen at Mr. James Wilson st Clarendon
Roller Mills. Lowest or any tender not
necessarily accepted.
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 21. 1902.

Attention fl/[assey-Harris
OBINDER
ed to give a subsidy of ^150,000 por year for live years for a » teams hit) service be to ween Canada and South Africa.
Impounded Cattle.
The General Synod of the Church of England in Canada will meet in Montreal Wednesday
At Lionel Hodgins* since August 5th, , Sept. 3rd. Several im | six young cattle, namely: portant matters will come up for consideration.
Have you bought your Binder Twine for this season ? Prices are sure to go up.
We will not advance our price while present stock lasts, but we cannot repeat our orders at same price. The brands we keep are :
on
1 Red and White two-year-old Steer,
1	Red two-year-old Steer,
2	Red year old Steers,
1 Black year-old Steer,
l Black Heifer one-year-old.
Owner requested to remove at once and
The McCormick and Deering Harvesting Machine Companies, with several smaller organizations have amalgamated | P*y expenses, with a capital of $120,000,000. It is said this latest big trust will open a factory in Canada for the manufreture of machinery for the Canadian trade.
The aim of every purchaser for 1902 should be to to obtain the Binder
LIONEL HODGINS.
Still Wanted !

That is Light of Draft,
His Majesty King Edward has pro TWO TcachcfS. Apply either
Personally or hy letter to
Ube Queen Victoria, to be used sa a $, M, LOGAN, Thorne Centre,Que.
convalescent house for officers of the navy and army whose health has been impaired in rendering services to their country.
McCORMICK S STANDARD, (That will Last Many Years, and
PLYMOUTH SPECIAL.
That is adapted to cut any kind of crop that may present itself
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
Now is your time to buy.
Sylvester machinery! MACFARLANE BROS. I The lï|assey-Harris has all these Advantages.
—with a full line of—
The Minister of Public Instruction has issued an order forbidding the use of corsets by girls in any of ti e Roumanian Government schools. The head mistress of each school will be held responsible for the carrying out of the rule, it being suggested by the authorities that she and her assistants should set their pupils a good example by not wearing corsets themselves. The pupils are furious at
Government, and are
Also a stock of
ADAMS' WAGONS, BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
SMART & SMITH.
1902
EXPRESSES. 1 QQO DOWSELL'S WASHERS, WRINGERS and LEADER CHURNS.
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL !
this order of the backed up by the younger governesses, who are up in arms against what they conisder an infringment of the rights of women.
CLARENDON
ROLLER
UICH CLASS # MEDIUM
mills ^FURNITURE.
Ware rooms next door to D. McRae's shop.
A Call Solicited.
Help Those at Home.
R. J. HAMILTON.
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No, sir !
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stock of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
P. 8. Hay Porks.
The flooding of Csnads with undesirable immigrante from Continental Europe still continues. Thousands of these people are being placed on the fertile lands of the west, or thrown into the great cities to compete with our own labor.— The government is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars each year bringing into the country some of the lowest types of Eastern Europe, who have nothing in common with Canadians. They are less civilized, of different religion and Ian-guage, and their habits are such, that they will never mix freely with our own people. They are poor in the thirgi of this world and are brought here at gov-erament expense. The Trade and Libor Congress is giving serious consideration to the situation. It is urged by thinking men, and with good reason, that if the government has money to spend in offering relief to the indigent, it would be! well to commence it at home. There are ! thousands of Canadians who would will-1
ingly Uke uplands in were as well treated
Get Ready for It ! Qttawa’s
GREAT
FAIR!
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
JAMES WILSON.
this
year.
McCormick binders.

First of the Big Shows.
MANY NEW AND NOVEL FEATURES
The McCormick fy'ght-Hand Binder
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
FACTORY
the west if they Increased Prize List and Special Doukhobor», or someo“he other oMh'è Premiums for new Competitions
ÏÏSI W Classes.
( inadian is forced to envy the mrn for tu:ia e foreigner. What we want in Canada is a proper supervision cf our own immigration, and a system of colonizition from our own overcrowded centres, whieh will ensure the preservation of
pRESH ARRIVALS
BEST IN THE WORLD
Is the machine by which the performances of all others are compared. Cheapest machine to buy. Easiest machine in the field.
IN
A MONSTER DISPLAY of the Choicest Works of Art to be
had In Ontario.

tww,,
mmmaw
Bfcv'v .

Trotting arçd Running |The McCormick Biader
returns to its buyer a greater value than any other harvester that ever entered the harvest field.
(Formerly McCredie & IJodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.

.	uurgien
xx dstern heritage fora people worthy of the British Empire.
AT THE
Races every day of the Fair.
kM

Magnificent Program of Stage Spec-ties and other Amusements, inciud Balloon Ascension with double parachute drop, very funny Water Acts in the Lake by artists just arrived from Europe.
Webb's Performing Seals, the renowned Hon A. G. Blair, having maninnUud Martinets Family, Acrobats ; also Schre
£•*—¦* -
on laat year’s business, is responsible tor the statement that he has been congratu-
^*8 management of the road. It Is the Military Spectacular to be put vu
wnuia be interesting to know on which at the evening entertainments ; this to be	•ime	ji	2	, ^ ,
of the following transactions Mr. Blair followed by the grandest display of Fire- J&Ct/OrmiCK 1 Will© 8.11(1 XVOpclirS Oil IlftllU.
feels he is entitled to most credit •— works ever given in Canada. South Af____
The ourchase of 1 Wi non i- ^ riean heroes will take part In the Spectao-
i&VvSSt.jMt pre;iou'’10 ^ M^w,nb^TUR,lr ,rapre!Wive Public Notice.	NOTICE.
ial-
Cf
O ash Store,
A

cm
ing
Subjects for Congratulations
to Mr. Blair
3'
7i k ’
>.

1
STARK’S
CORNERS.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP • TO . DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
G. A HOWARD - AGENT - SHAWVILLE.
THE BURNING OF MOSCOW
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Moulding#, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work dons as usual.
Or, permitting 80.000 of these tie, to t* SPECIAL RATES on all railways and D .	, .	,
rut along the intercolonial.	steamboats for both exhibitors and lf $?vlS?e °» Quebec
/ties.	formation, write the Secretary,	Clarendon, is now deposited in tne office
E. McMAHON, ,}f the undersigned, at the disposal and
SPARKS qt for the information of all interested *> or Aims M. Ues And further, the said Roll will
be brought forward for homolgaUon at the general session of the Council, to be held In the Town Hall, in Village of Shaw ville, at 10 of the clock, in the morning of Tuesday, the 2nd day of September, one thousand nine hundred
The Ottawa, Northern and Western Company and the Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway Company will make application at the office or the Minister of Railways and Canals in Ottawa at noon on th twenty-ninth day of August A. D. 1902, for the sanction of His Excellency the Governor in Council of an agreement of amalgamation of the said two companies at which time and place the said agreement will be subject to inspection and all persons interested may then and there appear and be heard on such application.
H. L. MALTBY,
Secretary of the Ottawa, Northern and Western Ry. Co. and of the Pon. Pacific Junction Ry. Co.
e
Or, the tier* of that order by Me
Manna’ brother at the instigation of
-Hon. H. R. Emrners>n, Mr.	right
hand man.
Or, the purchase of twice the ordinary
?nee being #1.80 per ton.
Or, the payment of $14,000 to R. N. McDonald the Liberal candidate in Pic tou Nova Scotia, six days before the election of 1900.
Or, the awarding of a contract, without tender, for 31 miles of railway in Prince Edward Island.
Or, the payment of $108,009 an acre for land at Levis, P.Q , the claimant’s solicitor, being none other than Mr. Wm. Pugsley, one of Mr. Blair's New Brunswick henchmen.
Or, the squandering of $500,000 in the jpurchaae of the railway steamer Scotia.
SILAS YOUNG.
ROBERT C. IjOOGINS.
examination and
Coal Becomes a Luxury.
the
g loom* prospects tor the poor
New York, August 16.—Anthracite st anil two.
$14 a ton ia in prospect here, according Given at SltHwville, this 4th day of the
to one firm of miners and dealers. This, month of August,^902.^ j^aTHESON, of course, Is contingent on a continuation	Sec.-Treasurer,
of the strike for a few weeks more. While anthracite which has been bought at $9 50 a ton wholesale ia expected to be put on the market for a week or so at $11 and $1150 a ton retail, some of the dealers have rawed the present retail prise to $10 a ton.
A member of the firm mentioned said:
All the cr>at that has been hoarded up is practically cleaned up and those who happen to have small stocks on hand are not parting with it except to favored customers. It is impossible to fix a price now.
Anthracite sell simply for what it will bring. It is a luxury, and is only bought by people who must have it, and who have the money to pay for it. "
OHAWVI LIE’S
® NEW
Here it is I The Place
SASH and DOOR
Deer and IVjoose.
FACTORY.
Farm
20,000
FARM
LABORERS
WANTED
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Laborers
Excursions
well disposed persons are expected, ; is their duty, to assist the Game
All
and it
Warden in protecting the deer and moose during close season.
Many are humanely doing more could and should do ft ness to those harmless and beautiful animals. All that is necessary is to drop a line saying when and where the deer or moose were hunted, molested or killed, by whom, and if by more than one person, give the names of all.
It is better but not necessary, that you should give your name, unless you wish to be paid for your trouble.
All correspondence strictly private and confidential. Address,
If. McCUAIG, Provincial Game Warden.
P. S.—Article 1400a of the Game Laws, important to whom it may concern, reads as follows :
** No person owning, having or harboring any dog accustomed to hunt and pur sue deer shall allow such dog to run at large, hunt or course In any place Inhabited by deer, between the first day of November of one year and the twentieth of October of the following year, under penalty of a fine of at least $5.00 and not exceeding $25.00.
Any one may, without incurring any responsibility, kill any such dog found running at large, hunting or coursing In such locality between the above mentioned dates.—1 Ed.
so now, but t out of kind
In connection with my former business I have juet placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Second
Class
Stands by Itself.
will be run to stations on C. P. R- in Manitoba and Ass:niboia, West, SouthAV eat
and North-West of Winnipeg, as far as ,
and
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
impairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
Montreal, Aug. 10 —There wLl be combine in mo far as the Canadian Pacific Railway Is concerned with any steamship corporation in connection with the pro posed fast Atlantic service. The Canadian Pacific has made its offer and stands "pat" As Sir Thomas Shaughnessy, the president, saye: "We will enter into no combination; we stand by ourselves. "
It is underat
Pacific intends carrying out the with three steamers. Were they to ccme to Montreal four would be necessary, he ¦ays. They expect to be able to unload at Quebec and turn around in twenty-four hours, and the same thing will be accomplished at the other end.
1
no
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
NIOOSEJ AW
ESTEVAN AND
YORKTOWN
On AUGUST 25th from stations In Pro vince of Quebec, Quebec City, Mcgantic and west.
DeWet and Scotch Whisky.
Da Wet is possessed of humor. One of the leading officials in a refugee camp is a Scotchman, who during the dinner took occasion in offering the general a drink to say he must have got afairamount of whisky among the captured convoys. DeWet was much amused at this, and said that before attacking a convoy he made inquiries if they were guarded by Scotchmen. If this were so, he Inquired if it contained any whiskey. If the second condition accompanied the first, he always gave the convoy a wide birth, because he knew the beggars would fight to the last man i
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
1 that the Canadian
service

One way tickets to Winnipeg will be sold, with a certificate extending the trip before August 31st, without additional cost, to other points in Manitoba and Assiniboia as above, if purchasers engage as farm labourers at Winnipeg, provided such farm laborers will work not less t han 30 days at harvesting, and produce certificate VO that effect, they will be returned to original starting point at $18.00, before November 30th, 1902.
For further particulars and tickets apply Railway Ticket Agent.
Thanking ray many customers for their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future In crease In business.
DALE BROS.,
further
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
on or
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
The Clergue Company has purchased the ferry steamer Fortune at Detroit for ferry service at Sault Sie. Marie.
VII, C. 12, s. 4.
to nearest
A
%
V
’ t g /

,
###PAGE###5###

» v. S

MB



THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
' Men’s Shirts, Ladies’ Blouses, etc., take a finer and more lasting finish— with less ironing Bee Starch is used.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT BHAWV1LLE, Co. PONTIAC, QÜB.
t SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher. .
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Booms.
This Week
when
A. SMILEY, Prop.
*
<01 ! We want to talk to you about Window

:o:
The Kind tljat Gets all tlje Cream
The Improved
U. S.
Cream Separator
ADVERTISING RATES t
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cent# per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted st $4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and b cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until torbldden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-11shed free of charge. Obituary poetry three eents per line.
Class
»
Starch OUR IMPORT ORDER
Requires no boiling — Iron cannot stick to the linen with BEE STARCH.
A met ef three Patent Flat Irons, nicks lied, In es
For Double Thick “ Trumpet " brand Glass arrived last week direct from the manufacturer in Belgium.
JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
FREE
JOHN A. COWAN
BEE STAftCN CO. MONTREAL .
Publisher
fl RECEIVED COLD N|EDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
; :	N. Y., last summer. : :
Business Cards.
CEO. HYNES
MEDICAL.
y I Contractors, builders and all requiring Glass would find it to their own advantage to apply to us for quotations before placing their orders elsewhere.
DR. N|cNAUCHTON.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by James Cuthbertson, opposite
^"""%K«AST	_______
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Sat-1 SHA AWTIiTlBy - - QTJB.
unlay afternoons. Telephone In office. |
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the 17. S.”—the best machine made—at our warerooms.
We will interest you. «
UNDERTAKER,
A. SMILEY.
ALSO
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M., |
to suit all classes.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University. Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Owen amd RaaiDurcn : J. H Anmrtnoso'a Hovas, MAIN STREET
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
SHAWVILL1
We take pleasure in extending our warmest thanks to all those who were in attendance at our Remnant sale on Friday last, making the day’s sales the largest for any one day since the business was established in 1879. We also take this means to apologize to all those who we were unable to wait on as promptly as we would have liked.
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thurs | election in Manitoba day and Friday of every week. Office at K. McC. Ritchie's residence
Signs all joint to an early provincial
Headquarters for
M:ai Amy Wilson, who mysteriously disappeared from Lynden, has been working ss a farm hand near Parif.
A black bass was caught near Kingston weighing 7J pounds.
The new D miinion Government steamer Druid reached Quebec on Saturday.
The by-laws to raise $100,000 for local improvements at Hawkeabury were carried.
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L.,
BRYSON
ADVOCATE
f
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
• e
Wm. gamble,
G.F.HODGINS
ADVOCATE, Ao.,
Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks St., Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY.
Office
A Montreal street car took fire on Saturday, and two lad os were severe y burned.
It is proposed in Kingston to elect J Ctpaain Bruce Catrutheis Mayor for next year by acc’sn dton.
CEO. C. WRIGHT
The riflemen of Sudbury are indignant	Entrance wai effected by removing a
that the rifles loaned to the R tie Associa-	large pone of glass from the front win
V is	stated	that	the	Intercolonial	Pa-1 hon have for some reason or other been	dow. The burglars fir>t entered the bed-
p?r C vmvwy	I. .Wot	to	e.tahli.h pulp	t»Hed in by the Government.	.ootn, and administered chloroform to
mills at TinftJ Rivets.	I The c nveui m of the Uni ed Mint 1* f!,u,a ea ' 1 ,e UjW*
, Ml.. Roll. Ad.m., of T.-moIo and I Wooers at India, apolb .dr.urned .£!«¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Dr 11,0..y w. » drowned at To,mwanda arranging f, rad-fm.ee fund *nd than. A jm.r-old biby u,=d in &e^Yo.k ,|,e latter mini? to «ave the fi rmer.	expected to aggregate nearly 81,000,000 from the effect, of erycipela. ciused by a
3 6	'a month.	mosquito bite.
advocate, barrister. AC*»
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
LADYSMITH.
Trust Bonding ^ Ottawa.
J. F. GEONATJ
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.	___________
Fishing Nets
W. W. IRELAND,
R. Webster, pg^d 1G wai drowned near Uanfzp» r. Nova Scoria, while aaving two
youg cl.i.dren from being dr* wned. . £j|1|n^er q0 «j*hey have purchased a limit
Cobden h to be congratulated on having on ljie Georgian Bay, whete they propose passed its seweiage by law by a vote of operating this winter in taking out a large 4® to 3.	I quantity of square timber.
A new lumber company has been formed In Pembroke cal ud the Millar-McCool
Mr. T. Mason, a we 1 known commercial traveller died at Pembroke last week. Hu temains were removed to Montreal for interment.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Deeds
Commissioner and Conveyancer
executed legally snd satis-
Mortgages, etc factorlly.
SHAWVILLE - -
___and----
Died Alone in a Wilderness
QUE
s. A. MAC KAY, B.C.L,,
. money to loan on easy terms. BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawvllle on Tuesday of every week.
Fishing Tackle
Mr. A Hudson's house at Cobden was
The shareholders of the Ottawa North-destroyed byfire on Sunday the lOib inst. ern aiMf Western, and of the Pont no and
Loss $2,000.	Pacific Railway, will hold a special mett-
The revolutionist, of Haytt have form- ing at Ottawa August 29, for the purpose ed a provisional government, and will of applying to the Governor-Oeneral-in ask the great powers for recognition as Council for permission to amalgamate the
belligerents	«two
GRUESOME STORY FROM THS GATINEAU
A gruesome story comes from the wilds of the Gatineau region, where an old man named Samuel Ns pier, was found dead in a shanty, with hie body partly eaten
Mr. Kingsmill, of Toronto, has been Mr. Prefontaine., M.P., who has just ^The information was given to a Journal appointed manager of the new branch of returned from the Yukon, aaya e e- rep0rter ^ â gentleman who has just the Bank of Ottawa to be opened in graph service men wh > are thieatening ^^0 down from River Desert and one North Bay shortly.	* .trike have not been paid some of them	veracity is beyond question, so that
mm: #####
17,000 last year.	eminent.—Montreal Gazette.	there. He was sent in about the first of
À Montreal despatch quotes Major The General hcapital, at Mattawa, now May and was enhraly alone, with the ex
îsürssa1	jï.i.’.LM.'fs <=«-- ———* —>
lions throughout Canada.	an eminence overlooking the junction of by aome	whe	----
.	,	imrl M	river* It is a found everything all right. Napier was
n.uu. LartirnM «.ts	"" "	t
Ster-Treneeript, “d the residene. of ^ d' ^	, uff lu eurrouod- Siooe thât time no one hee been to w. ting a good article. Intending buyers
Work hhe been commenced by the	and shrubbery, which together with the i ^e l°P a «bod in rear <»fa building.
O. P. R. at North Bay to carry into	building elicits many pleasant remarks Th,a extraordinary 6,»ht amuaod heir
effect the propoied plaça of enlarging	from the numerous tourists who visit the suspicions and they lost no time m enter
their yards préparaiory for new shops, town en route to Temiscaroingue.	ing the shanty, i neir lew were great y
ssssfttawsa1-»	T»..	EESS
Mr. Henry Gallagder, of Bristol, passed	77—	t | shout in the dark for aome time, when to
-----~ away at hie home on Thursday 7th inst, Winnipeg, Aug. 16.—\enerable Area	horror they found his dead and
Court Shawville, after a long illness borne with Christian	deacon D. L. Lofthouee will be conse ^jy decomposed body in a sitting post
fortitude. Deceased who was held in	crated bishop of the new Anglican diocese beside the table] »
___	high eaiimation by those who had the	of Keewatin on Sunday next. The The moet sickening feature was that a
Meets the 4th Wed ne*- pleasure of his acquaintance, held the	ceremony will be performed at Holy ,arg0 portion of the body had been eaten
day Of every month, serous poaition of secretary-treasurer of Trinity church Winnipeg, by the biahop'of hy lhe <j0gf which doubtless has become 1 the undersigned, do hereby give notice Court dues must be paid the Se per ate School Board of Bristol.	Athabaska who takes the place of the | ravenous from starvation. Looking around	that any	person giving credit	to	any of
promptly every mon in.	foneial which took place to the	Archbishop of Ruperts’and, at present ill jt wa| foand that the animal had jumped	my children in	my	name	after	this date
r Vls,îjiïfiw	00r“ Bristol cemetery was largely attended by in England. Among those present at the trough a window to the top of the shed I *111 not ** responsible for it,-
" "	F - the friend, of the deperted.	ceremony will be the hi,hep. of Celgery where\h„ hwt ,een it.	JAM” ciaSndon.
H. s. Barnett,r e	and Saskatchewan and Mackenzie River The body wis brought to Desert and	¦
district.	I interred there this week. Napier was a
married man, whose aged wife
o
of all kinds,
mcdougall & cuzneb,
Hardware Merchants, - - - Sussex St. Ottawa.
J. J. TURNER,
THE NEW GROCERY
—AND—
h GlDoiaM
MEAT SHOP.


QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
!
tlH
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
-a no-

mme PACIFIC JUNCTION gYS.
Summer Time Card.
ha
ne<s.
Eases
* P *•'
would do well to come and inspect our
0. N. AND W, RAILWAY.
+ Train No. 101 leaves Ottawa 5.05 P.M. 4- Train No. 102 arrives 44	8.25 A.M.
0 Train No. 103 leaves “
o Train No. 104 arrives “
8 Train No. 105 leaves 44
§ Train No. 106 arrives <e
4 -r Train No. 107 leaves 41
T V Train No. 108 arrives 44
WATCH»,
CLOCKS.
JEW1LLKRT,
WLV1RWAR1
âe. àc.
ap-
s lock

i
og on
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
A Call sollolted.
V ~

7.03 A M.
6.00	P.M.
1.30	A M.
8.00	P.M.
9.30	A M. 6.45 P.M.
V#

REPAIE!*»—
aSmcialitt
SHAWVILLE, #.
H. A. HODCINS.
L
No. 816.
NOTICE.
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
+ Train No. 100 leaves Ottawa 5.15 P.M + Train No. 110 arrives 44
*	Train No. Ill leaves 41
•	Train No. 112 arrives 44
+ Daily except Sunday, o Daily except Saturday and Sunday.
8 Saturday only.
-$¦ -r Sunday only.
* Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays only
1


9.25 A.M. 6.45 A M. 0.35 P.M.

J. A. Cowan, R S.
July, 21 at, 1902.
Says a Kingston despatch : James Woolen, b Cremlsn veteran, is dead of
HAVING PARLOR.,
John smith. ***¦"¦.	sfc’ïtTSr- F- Pt:<:i
tioned in despatches for conspicuous Brigham, chloroformed the inmates and found, it was evident that the call must bravery. He came to Canada snd con-	secured a considerable	amount	of cash, a	of have c« i. ludden y.	.
. eluded hi,	time with th. Royal Co.	gold w.teh and ehiio	and.	eafety box There i. comtder.be indignation in the
dian force.	Liter he was a Kingston	containing notes, bonds and	mortgagee	vicinity over the fact that he	had been
policeman.	A widow and several sons	valued at over $3,000,	besides the fami'y	l«*tt alone for so long a period	111 such a
and daughters survive him.	silverware, an overcoat and revolver.— wilderness.
R. W. Hodginh, C. R.
Teachers Wanted.
HAW VILLE
s
Wanted two Protestant Teachers for the Municipality of Leslie, holding first or second class diplomas. Apply stating salary expected
For tickets or further information apply to station agent or GEO. DUNCAN,
Dist. Pass. Agent,
42 Sparks St.,
Ottawa, Ont.
H. H. SEAMAN. Otter Lake, Que
H.B. SPENCER,
Can. Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. R.)
OTTAWA, Oat,
The spot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Get your Job Printing: at The Equity.
Your Turn next.
###PAGE###6###







»

thoa® eves upon him he can not well ret out of It.
“ There
snoaka who thought to <1<>wn0H| foolishly took out my watch to consult the time, and I suppose they saw it However, they failed to do WÊÊÊÊÊ You hardly look like a man who has gone through an encounter with footpads."

layer. It le good priicllre when plowing in done during a dry period, to roll at tho end of the day all tho land that has been plowed during that day If thin is not done, the soil may become ero thoroughly dried out that germination will be impossible until xery lato in | Yankee tho season. Then too, if the ground should happen to bo cloddy, break up these clods at once by rolling
and harrowing, as tho work can Lancashire, Kiigland, is preparing
«ai
mpolled some years ago by fail-	Ino,'° cheaply than at any Other	world's greatest cotton centre.
proof	of	my	first	blow—my	hand	will	i«g health to quit the mercantile	Li,‘lPil	J,*1*11*" lu»\o ivn«lu*d such a puss
be	a	trifle	stiff	to-morrow, but	I	pie-	business, wo-my wife and I—rented	Wh,le 1 lowing for winter wheat	Unit it must light, for its existence
sum#	the	follow	who	waa	at the other	a small farm with 20 acres uudt-r	nml m>t ,HÎ <te*P. il «u* bo dolie	®r ^ under. Spinning mdls have
cultivation, since increased to 80*	thoroughly. Fotir or five inches is	been closing, many partly and n few
and to acres of brush pasture, mvs	probably most satisfactory in a ma-	altogether. I he expansion of trade
jorlty of tho winter wheat belt	has stopf**!. Orders from India,
States. Deeper plowing is umiecvs-	the great depot for Lancashire
sttry, as the roots of tho wheat	&oods, have almost cOttfWl At tho
plant aro surface feeders and do not	bidding of bold groups of American
go down very deep, i believe	HHHHl
the barnyard manure applied to tho	choose between conducting business
surface of the ground after plowing	at a heavy loss or stopping,
is much more valuable than if up- 'I ho plan of the*) operators Is «implied and plowed under. 1 scatter	pllcity itself. Ihe world's cotton
my ma mi iv over tho field, then fol-	crop (and its destination) is known
roller and	almost to a hundredweight. Thii
In	year so mo groups headed by Mr
FIOHT FOR COTTON TRADEi
He—5<€—üe-jHOIHIMIMM
were
several cowardly
| FOR FARMERS
I
me
BRITAIN WILL BATTLE FOR ITS EXISTENCE.
DOCTOR JACK.
me up
5<s>j»enable and Prof I labia lllntb far the Busy Tillers of the Sell.
*??*•*¦•*

Combines Have Forded COtton Up a Half Penny a
Pound.
*
By S r. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Author of ^Doctor Jack’s Wife/’ “Captain Tom,” “Baron Sam,” “Miss
Pauline of New York,” “Mir Caprice,” Etc.
°h i I used altttlewater In the wash-room of your hotel here aides, the vlumsy clowns went down like a row of ten pins over In half a minute.
*
lie

OPKKATINU A SMALL DAIRY
$
It wn« all
See, there is
it

end will feel worse than that. '
Avis gazes at him with klmtlhif
mm !iHi|i*^iiiiE
ceedlng fiom a shop, Jack takes a no- j him against the wall with such * «gan- tress may bo revealed to hN eves kb, ! of Partks from whom I have bought ,ow witl1 harrow ami tlon to see what time remains. So,	tic power that the wretch must still	lets her gaze dron Rv rh.»n,E i J cows, I have never yet found otto	work it into the iq per layoi
bending over, he looks at his watch,	be of the opinion that he Is a sec-	rests upon hln b ft hand-» “,i,	,,v I who could tell Just how much the	this way it Is made very fine	and,	Theodore Trie* of New York, grad
and finds that it lacks ten minu e» of	ond Don Quisote, and the person	bubbles from her lips	y I cow had done in any one year of	being mixed with the surface	soil,	«ally acquired control of what wHi
el*ht-	whom he meant to attack a vengeful "Oh» Doctor j,,,k	, „ j her life. I have also found that lithe plant food contained Is at onco l«‘(t of the old cu op, tho new oik
This is encouraging-if it does not windmill.	wounded »"	'	| succeeded in getting one good milk- available	not l>elntf available until Septem-
change he will be almost on time.	It U to be hoped this will end the He starts and looklmr in t! * ¦	, Ier out of about every four cows I j 1 OH THE YOUNG PLANTS ber. Hides* something is done Prit
He takes out his handkerchief, and matter. Jack thinks. Surely none of tlon she points sees if— T. % purchased.	, This give* them a good start, makes i*h millownefs will have to pay
wq.es his face, for such rapid walking	these discomfited Spanish footpads	blood trickling down t> * \ v	I l have no guessing in my method. '	them healthy and vigorous ond	en-	total of about .1,20,000.000 ex In
has heated his hlood.— Then he again	will dare follow him, but there may	hand. The sight m vk s IV ^	1 f I I weigh tho milk from each cow at	a hies them to withstand unfavoi*-	for their raw material bet won noi
breaks :iway, and moves rapidly along, he others just as bad, and quite « and he takes out a ha V- V.m V’V nd,kin£ time and record same. My, able weather condition* Is tier than and October Before twenty seconds have passed little space remains to be traversed ere hastily wine the tell-tii* «V i *	? minimum requirement i« 0,000 j when the land is not fertilized.	This spells ruin. During the past
he makes a discovery that hardly; he reaches his Eden.	«« \ sincerely he* your . “T.V * P°nndH of 4 per cent milk, or its In tho winter wheat holt there is few years profit* have been rut to a
pleases him. By chance he turns his	He	keeps himself In readiness foi	Morton, for aunearhur In	equivalent, per year. No other no question us to Iho comparative	minimum bv	foreign competition
head to learn what distance he has	such	an emergency, but breathes a	eence in this condition u.	«i. Î	qualifications will Induce mo to ‘ value of drilling and broadcasting	America fights	for British market*
put between himself and the area of	sigh of relief when, ahead,	he sights	did not know	that ! nir.	’ « d *7*	V l	'kv0I> 11 cow that falls below	this	wheat. Tho drill	i* sx> much	supo-	und India '»	building her own	far
light from the shop window, when he	the glowing plaza, and realizes that	me.	I had my over % at	' ,i	standard. Keeping a record for u	riov to the other	method that	those	tories. Wlmt	is the trade to	do *.
sets several dark figures stealing at- ! In all probability his adventures of See this rent—that* is V-h V i 'U	>ear Sixv* many strange results. It who have tried it seldom question it to sit hopeless before chnnct
the night are over. for. although such 1 through. It must have in t / pa shows that many a cow that, runs i its ofilci-ency. Broadcasting, how- groups of speculators, allowing then There are three of them in all. and a remarkable adept In the use of his trifle "	cU m° a Pail over when fresh falls behind ever, is still practiced in some sec- to bleed it as they pieuse ?
It does not need their skulking man- powers at a boxer, a fencer, and a "But you are wounded—I • .r	thÇ 0,10 who nover «avc more than j lions and will probably bo the rule	COMBINE V. COMBINE.
ner to tell th4 American that they arc marksman. Doctor Jack Evans always thing of a nurse. Let me hind %	8°r po1,,ndï ,^rJt,Ay*	,	. j f?r 8ome U"\e to rorne- of ,,ri,,s» "This is not tlui Lancashire wav ;
not honest men. These footpads in- feels a reluctance about turning hi# for you."	\ uls<> ,OUhd th,s htortl service- : tiio press drill is without doubt the xve mtlHt meet combination will
fest all large cities, not so much in our 1	gifts	to account against any fellow I	Tie would emphatically Vvfuse and	nhlp .Ul regulating food ration*, best, especially where the soil Is at	combination,M	stiy» Mr. C. W. Mu-
country as abroad, and yet there are	human being, however vile.	open* his mouth to do b) but	slA h ,d	"aVluUK . V 0VVl of <hl1vicnt feed .a!l light or Subject to drouth. The	cars, president	of the Master Cot-
scores of streets in New York, near ' Presently he debouches from the dark assumed such a pretty air of au hVbv ,	1,.nc1r10a6,ing 1,10 Procliiction earth just above the seed is pre«**l ton Spinners Iteration, and hen<
the riven, perhaps, where a respect-	calle Into the plaza. It	is little	that	somehow	he fe.>!s a» thorn:11	e-	°(,L‘V ! ,,,'h w,lu“1. loW* Aside	from	clown, enabling it.	to ollect, and re-	ôf the great	firm of Henry Banner-
able man takes his life in his hands if	trouble now to tlnd dozens of	carriage#	were	a slave,	without n	will of	hN	I‘ H‘r. rosw *’ it interest* tho	hired	tain moisture,	thus giving	tJie	man. “Alone	an individual	firm
he saunters along at night.	‘ when he does not want them—half an own. For once the «stubborn mar Is 11 lp ,M “biking each cow produce t*s young wheat plant a quick and however large, can do nothing. Wi
Hors is a contingency which Jack * hour hack he would have paid fifty | conquered-that llttîe mp iijîl-ojs l	i° Y T'"'	"v"*	,	, ,	must break down Uic Ting' as ,
docs not exactly relish. In the first dollars, or pesos, for a vehicle.	done It.	shows the best tow m tho held and I lie amount of <-o<h1 for an acre matter of self-defence. Two veuri
place these chaps will not tight like The Hotel Peninsular is not far Protesting, yet obeying the n anda.e ^	/IViV xvivUa u£ "11!Vivir Vn',IV|S- ^m1pNyhul with tho hveality ago. when faced with the work‘ of a
brave men, and this places him at a away, being one of the best caravan- he draws up the Do to sleeve of .ils	u	./!}' , n,ld k,,l(1 (>f «°'1- As “ ril,t- hvu group of Liverpool «peculators, cot
alung; and meet danger ae It flies. ! with the cranium of the first land |,e draws the coat .«!<,. down.	! work out of tho wav for spring SFfoe|	To prove to you th»t Dr. I P«»t no hate proved what combina
At any moment the assault raay Pirate, runs a comb he takes from ¦ Then he remembers what Is was During tho winter I huul out	i Uon f°"ld ‘lo' ^uch more, however
tome and he places his revolver In his	Pocket through	his curly looks and	brought him here-to wh.u	he owes (he	nure. 15 loads to	I ho acre, and	as	B	and‘ îveryform^fl.oblÏÏ? i rf™tt,n" ,to donc'	°nco	Lnnca
left hand, where it Is hidden by the	moustache, then	once more seats him-	pleasure uf this Interview.	curly as possible	in the spring disk	blecdingandrrotmdlnepile»,	”hiro	held the trade	almost alone
.-Olds of the coat he carries, and yet	'•> “ 9tuffy llu^ Parlour, dimly - You lift the jenouta well I trail, tho land.	pîoM^uî^Toùr^lïh': I No" I-nn,'nsl,ir(’ 11118 to fight th.
‘ ‘ ^ n>r instantaneous use.	llghtod, waiting	to l>e shown Into the	Doctor Jack ?M Quer>H tho	girl, an J he	1 plant corn in	drill», !t fw l	ft	bo^a what they think of It, You can uns tt and	Wo! (	*s^ • 1 o-tkiv \\q do a	f|um In
Instead of the calle growing lighter, 1 Presence of the	girl who has already amas -1 to i*e how	uas.lv she	inches apart unit	put in 12 to	I fi	p'—sr back if sot cored. SKo a tos. sk	of the	world’s cotton	trade.	Tirent;
he now reaches what appears to be 1 «“«red Into his life, though he has, guesses whole h • has I,, m-trust a quarts of seed to the aero accord-	yeare "K° wo took throiHpiarters o
the worst part of It. At this hour kn0*n h*r but •'* hours instead of woman for reading sin h simple thing* ing to sire of kernel. 1 want a DT.	Ointment th<* American cotton sold and si
the city Is not wrapped In silence by th»1 nian>" years.	Quite well, thing you." Jj.'k stalk to grow or cry 4 incites iit tho —v	m_ ! Presumably did three-quarters of th
%ny means, but over this place, per-	----—	would not continue t«v> nu^leci.	hut row, I practice a throe or four	K LI\I	U1 THrj MILK IeLOW. i	tia.de. To hold our own wo ha\t
haps the abode of vice and sin, the	!	CH\PTFH VIII.	Avis has no intention of	him years’ rotation of crops, according	°!dci	i-hat tho best results may	to bght for fair treatment. I do nj
gloom of a church-yard seems to rest, j	off so oarlly.	to my «uccoss in getting a stand in 1(> p'tl bom mill’ll (osv.s t hey must	despair of	I fin cas hi re cotton—vei*
ns though its inhabitants had tempor- j	While he .nits there waiting. Doctor " Since meeting	hor f ha va	heard clover. If the clover misses in the ^ provided with a uniform, full	far from it.
arlly forsaken it for more profitable Jack revolves a number of things in that the Senorlta Gonzales has a Corn, next year I sow that field with Snpp,v <>f	1 ll° slir'inkage in
fields of labour—the lighted squares, his mind. He goes back to the min- wonderful voice, the most charming In oats and peas, cutting just after mill< ,loW 18 ll,wn.vs due io uneven where cafes glitter and money ute when he first set eyes on Avis Madrid it Is maid."	tho oats head out and curing for f< vtl KUPP1> •	^ 1I,ay from a
abounds.	Morton, and In a general way remem- "Her voice is certainly charming." hay.	j change of feed, but luoru frequently SNOW AGAINST BULLETS.
Footsteps sound behind hlm. Doc- I bers the conversation that ensued. Jack is bound to admit—under the fifteen acres corn, 7J acres clover Ifroni sh°rLige of fml caused by mid-	llf nv11WtMf
tor Jack realizes that his enemies have j Somehow or other he has a queer present circumstances he does so un- and 7& acres oats and pens cut for ?!*mmvr dr<mght ,or. u flry,,.)g "p,?f carried out in Nm wnv bv r.rm! crept closer, and aro about ready to feeling at the prospect of seeing this willingly, not that he believes other- ' hay, furnish all the good, rich lhv Inistu,‘('s during unfavorable j K ,.	jn ' J J h 1
spring upon him. The prospect of a girl agaln-he had never supposed wise, but he dislikes praising Mer-1 roughage needed by 20 Cows, LI gl’!!.u ing [n,llhn^s-	, of snow indicates tl.nt* tl.n
stiletto in the back is not a very al- Jack >2vans would ever experience the cedes In the presence of this girl, head of young stock and three	1 hero should be a remedy at hand	traditional uintm- blrtilim
I said every one calls him thus, seldom men
eyes
Gradually, however, he grows Into a ney toward the plaza, which will
that epocu hi tors mill-owners have had Ui
in-
HO
I
!
ter him
evil
f-
The movement must have been Inspired by his good angel, for it saves his life
a particle
" Just as I always predicted that if I ever did fall in love It would tloning his last name, be like tumbling over a precipice head hear it fall from her lips he mutters, with something of
ordinary wood
feed and care
It is much damier to retain the flow than to recovei
-,	.	when once influences are permitted to
¦	"	¦	My experience leads me to believe destroy it
it
PLOWING KAKLY
He likes to
Just as he turns, something Strikes him a severe blow—it Is a knife that had been meant for his heart
Now it cuts Into
UEPOKTINU HIS WIFI
first
through his back his coat—a terrible gash that ruins the garment, as the blade passes through many folds, and just draws blood from his arm.
I foreign to which 1 heir husbands
¦1
Thus the Httle affair in the Calle San Pablo is commenced. Doctor Jack Is a fair and square man—he does not like to have the favours all on side
order was
passe him.
appear to show him up ? Morton have other callers ?
one
Tit for tat Is a good motto under the circumstances.
Accordingly that terrible right arm of his, so admired by the observing Don Carlos, shoots forward with erring impetus. There Is heard upon the night air a hollow thud, like the stroke of a trip hammer, and the Stricken wreth measuies his length upon the cobble stones five feet away.
Bv this time the other two have reached the spot. They either do not realize what has hapened to their companion, on account of the darkness, or else have determined to avenge his fall, for they come at the American at bay with the impetus of twin cyclones.
He is ready to meet all comers, and so long as that superb arm falls him not, can render a good account of his stewardship.
It Is all over in almost a wink. The three ruffians have struck a snag when th y attack the wayfarer. Had they known that their intended victim was the hero of the bull-ring, about whom all Madrid Is talking, money could never have hired them to attempt an
un
•ta-
and persistently refused to
object of his thoughts, who enters thej tus9*e ">tb a grizzly bear out in the
Rockies."
room, stuffy and dimly lighted no more, Jack thinks radiance with her.
'* You are punctual. Doctor Jack
“ Some time you must relate your adventures to me, as Othello did to Desdemona, you remember twinkle In her blue eyes.
‘ Yes, and I have often thought what an egotistical chap Othello must
for she brings
Strain and Anxiety
with a
she says, holding out her hand impulsively, which he takes with an eagerness he does not disguise.
• I began to think I would be un-| hovc been, telling yarns by the whole able to be so
of a friend, I was pressed to stay, I P°or Desdemona believed him a verlt and did so until I believed I had Just	*°d
time enough to enter my carriage a,, j her mistake afterward, and that he
¦ Upon bidding the Don was but an ordinary Jealous mortal good-night I found that my stupid *n shite of his wonderful heroism." driver had gene away, either tempor- Axis burst Into a clear laugh at arily or for good. That gave me but) what he ***¦• and J*olt believes it Is
I must walk here lhe cheeriest sound he had heard for
Too Much for Her
Visiting at the house 8a,e- himself the hero every time, until
Health Broke Down, Was Pale and Exhausted — Restoration Came With the
Use of Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food.
Poor thing, she discovered
come here
n¦
strain aid anxiety, was too much very weak, had no strength for me. When I would lie down or energy and suffered nearly all sit down the nerves in my legs time with headache, in fact 1 would twitch, and 1 felt strange sen-; headache for three whole dajs
one alternative for I could get no vehicle, and would I many a
" We will defer the adventures, then to some time In the future now, I believe, you have something else to tell me."
not return to worry my friends."
" And you did this ?" she asks, with
Nothing could hire me to
Just
wonder
go through those narrow streets after nightfall. I would be In constant fear of being robbed "—something In his fare catches her quick eye—" Ml me, did you have an experience of this kind ?"
Jack had not meant to speak of hie
prowess—but wjth
act
With that he comes down suddenly from his high horse—the Interest this girl takes In him may, aftpr all. proceed from her desire to know what message he carries, and all this time ham foolishly deluded himself into the belief that she had begun to care for Doctor Jack himself.
Every one of them has had a bitter experience with the muscle-knotted arm of the athlete—the first still lies where he fell, and the other two are groaning as they attempt to crawl or stagger away.
As for Doctor Jack, he has no complaint to make, but resumes his Jour-
all
ex
¦¦Hr. Chase's Nerve Food, 50 cent* tho a l»ox, 6 boxes for 83.50. at al hud dealers or 1‘diyanson, Halos u Ce. |u»t i Toronto.
or
little engagement—he Is not the to boast of his
si# #





W

###PAGE###7###
I
«Ko» must fairly reprenant the fruit throughout;
(2) Cloned boxe»
HOHESTLY PACKED FRUIT
QrtmA aJ!o/te/ -#za /
^4	'ÆhJÊ tfunut/ fkAÂ/Jhfcts
and barrels must be marked with the name and address of the packer, the variety of the fruit and its grade;
(ti) It is an offence within the meaning of the Act to sell, to offer for sale, or for sale, marked fruit, even when the buyer and seller are ignorant of the fact, am well us when one or both have knowledge of the fact;
(4)	The Act does not prevent the packing or selling of any grade of fruit that is properly packed marked;
(5)	The Act docs not provide for the inspection of particular lots of fruit at the request of the buyer or seller.
(C>) Commission merchants who, after notice, handle fruit put up contrary to the provisions of the Act, will be proceeded against.
(7) There is no definition of grades marked "No. 2," "XX," "No. or “X.”
Already the beneficial effect of this Act is being felt; and when it is fully known that dishonesty in
PRINCIPAL SECTIONS OF THE FRUIT MARKS ACT.
Don't
Worry !
#
Cheer
Up!
S-9
:

What the Act Means and How It Operates—Easy to Understand.
Ô

to have in possession frequently packed or
%
A
o
After the Parliament of Canada passed the Fruit Marks Act in 1901, the Minister of Agriculture directed that every opportunity should be afforded the fruit growers mid packers of the Dominion to moot its requirements and to fulfil their obligations to the public; and for a year the work of the department in this respect was informational and educational. This year some amendments were made to the Act as originally passed, and to-day the Act in all its provisions is "us plain as a piko staff,” and every clause of it so simple that "he who runs may read." No farmer, or fruit grower, or packer who is honest in him dcavors and straightforward in his trading need fear any of its clauses.
The Act is being enforced, and the inspectors appointed to execute its packing and describing Canadian requirements have been instructed to fruit does not exist, an enormous do their duty. They are the ser- impetus will be given to our fruit vents of the crown; Parliament lias industry in all tiio markets of the
pronounced its judgment world. At present inquiries are boil pon the false and fraudulent pack- ing made concerning the trans-AV-ing and marking of fruit, consign- I an tic shipments of early Canadian men Is; and these men have been s e- apples. The Department of Agricui-locted to entry out the regulations turc will not take any responsible j placed on the statute book for the ity, but through the Commissioner j purpose of protecting honest trad-! of Agriculture and Dairying will amers from unprincipled dealers, and sist in securing cool or cold storage of preserving inviolate the fair com- space on ocean steamers if early in-mercial fame of Canada from un- formation be given as to the prob-scrupulous packers. In other words, able quantity, the date of shipment, the Act will ensure to the public of and the destination desired, the Dominion end to commission It will pay to send only selected agents and the public generally in apples of choice individual quality,
that and packed in boxes rather than in and barrels. It will be necessary to have the apples picked and packed on the green or firm side, so that they may be delivered in t he United ¦Kingdom in such a state that they may be handled with a very small percentage of bruised or decayed ones by the retail dealers into whose hands they will go from the wholo-! sale centres.
Department of Agriculture, Ottawa, 1902.

y

and
I
$3.50
Extra Fine Stock
LEMONS

\
300 or 360 size,
The DAWSON COMMISSION CO Limited. TORONTO.
PER BOX.
Ï
Ï
OUR
Don’t
en-
USE •
BRANDS.
BO
Experiment
with
other and
Inferior
brande,
King Edward
Sunlight
Soap
WOla
BpttftD
[Mfy
" Headlight "
~	uL—
" Eagle "
dc nllely
USE
l
I
• A 109$
CO
I
“ Victoria "
EDDY’S
£
AsK for the Octagon Bar.
11 Little Comet "
BURN WOOD TO KEEP IT
The Railway
Companies of Great
---	Britain pay on an average £1 ,.*$OU a
Best Manner to Preserve Its Dur- day ns compensation for damage.
copiions where the advertising fail-
THE FAMEES’ INSTITUTE
ed
TI1EY WERE A GRAND SUCCESS. The farmers turned out well manifested a deep interest in the meetings. Twenty-seven institutes were visited, and an afternoon and evening meeting held at each average attendance at the
ability
aiul i Great Britain and elsewhere the fruit is correctly marked
HONESTLY PACKED.
The principal sections of the Act
in washing woollens and flannels, Lever’s Dry Soap (a powder) will be found very satisfactory.
In spite of the substitution of iron and steel for wood in house 1 and bridge building, and in the con- , struct ion of ships, piers, and other structures, the consumption of wood	Teacher—"Tell	me, Bobby, what
increases yearly. All wood decays, are the two things necessary for a and its value depends childly upon baptism ?” Bobby—"Water and a its durability.
The simplest method of preserving is charring. Every old farmer knows that if he burns the end of a post in the fire until it is covered with a thin coat of charcoal It will
THEIR GROWING POPULARITY IN THE DOMINION.
The are:
after-1 Section 4. Every person who, by noon meetings was between 50 and himself or through the agency of on-do, while in some	instances	there	other	person, packs fruit in a clos-
werc over 100 people present.	The	ed package, intended for sale, shall
In view of	the	great	success	of	the	j||ugtrated lectures	on dairy	cattle	j cause	the package to be marked in a
Institute	as	a	means	of	which formed the	chief feature of	! plain	and indelible manner, before.
Sketch of the Work Which Has Been Accomplished in Prince Edward Island.
baby, ma’am.”
Mliiard's Liniment Cures Diphtheria
Education in Ontario, the Dominion these meetings, were entirely new to a is taken from the premises where
------ - •««": ““ - tSJrttLZS ZZl V-w'Kîft»
deavored to co-operate with the vai tjle 0Vening meetings was fully 100. tian names, and his full surname and ious local departments in establish- jn these too, a marked interest was Uddrcsn.
ing and improving similar systems taken, and free discussion indulged (b) With the name of the variety in their respective provinces. Train- jn# until in many instances it was or varieties; and rd speakers have been sent, to assist j n o'clock before the meet ing could (C) With a designat ion in the work in other provinces, and be brought to a close. Prof. Dean, . grade of fruit, which shall include the best available men in these pro-| a8 wa» expected, has done excellent one Gf the following six marks: For vinces have been pressed into ser- work. It seems to me that we are fruit of the first quality, No. 1, or vice, not only in their own province, very fortunate in securing his ser- j XXX; for fruit of the second qual-but in others as well. By sending . vice just at this time, as the dairy- j py, No. 2, or XX; and for fruit of able and observant men from one ing business has not been growing the third quality, No. 3, or X; but province to another in this way wc much of late, and 1 feel sure that we the said mark may be accompanied hope to get together a thoroughly may have a revival of the industry by any other designation of grade, capable corps of Institute workers, wherever he has gone. Mr. Drum- provided that designation is not in-familinr with the agricultural situ- mond, too. has given excellent satis-1 consistent with, or marked more atlon and requirements in all parts faction. The people were very fav- conspicuously than the one of the of Canada.	orably impressed with his work in gaid six marks which is used on the
Prof. E. .1. McMillan. of Char- jjvo stock, and in other lines. We sui(] package.
'lottctown, ‘I\ E. I., Superintendent should like to have both gentlemen , Section 5 No person shall sell, of Farmers’ institutes, etc., has pro- again. The impressions created by cxprcgR or have in his possession for pared a sketch of the work already these meetings lias been very fav- sa,c u ffUjt packed in a closed accomplished in Prince Edward Is- orublc and I am confident that the	and tended for sale,
land, which may be of interest and j institutes here have been much josg guch packUg0 js marked as
benefit to those interested in agricul-	strengthened as a result. rI hat the	jrc(j by tiie next preceding sec- I it now,'' says a well-known athlete,
turn! education in other provinces.	cjoge Gf the present year will wit-	"Instead, I use a flesh-brush every
According to Prof. McMillan:	ness a considerable growth in the ( Section 6. No person shall sell, or	morning for an hour, and I've nov-	Solutions of zinc,	iron,	copper,	ar-
"Tho organization of Formers’ In-	Institute system Is already assured 0jyer expose or have in his posses-	er been in better condition in my	senic,	and	mercury	have	been	tried,
Btitutes in Prince Edward Island was gjx new organizations have been s|oll ’for Baie any fruit packed in a life. I start at the top of my head and have all given good results., first undertaken in June, 1Ü01. At completed thus far this year, and it c|()9od package, upon which pack- with a hair brush, then take the The best were obtained by forcing that time the Hon. Benjamin Bog- js probable that more will be added ngc margc,d any designation which flesh-brush—it is made specially for ers, Commissioner of Agriculture, before it closes. With an lncreas- reprcsentg guCb fruit as of No. 1 or the purpose—and finish the job down assisted by the writer and two ex- jng membership and a lively inter- % %x finest, best or extra good to my feet until my skin is nearly perirnred Institute workers supplied cst manifested in the work by it,» Quality, unless such fruit consist of the color of a boiled lobster. It by the Department of Agriculture at members, the Farmers’ Institute sys- wc||_grpwn specimens of one variety, keeps the pores free and open, clears Ottawa, held meetings of farmers in j tem should soon become a factor in sound of nearly uniform size, of away the dead cuticle, doesn't encr-
difTerent sections of the province, for ; the progress of agriculture in this * Qd co|or for tbe variety, of nor- vate the system like a bath, and, evaporated, leaving the purpose of discussing the ad van- province.”	mu| sbape and not less than ninety above all, is the finest exercise you sublimate uniformly
tnges of the Institute system. As	F. W. IIODSON.	C(mt f'rce from gCRb. worm holes, can get. Rubbing the body vigor- through the tissue,
a result of these meetings the or-	Live Stock Commissioner. bndscg flnd ot|lcr defects, and pro- ously with the brush, changing from
ganization of twenty Institutes was	--o----- rJy packed	hand to hand as the muscles of the
completed	H0T WEATHER AILMENTS. Section 7. No person shall sell, or arm tire, will keep you supple and
BEFORE THE END OF THE	___ offer, expose or have in his posses- nimble
r=r-.=. tM-
Other Season.	sentation of the contents of such
It is a lamentable fait that thous- package; and it shall be considered amis of little ones die from hot a false representation when more | weather ailments, whose lives might than fifteen «per cent, of such fruit be spared if mothers had at hand is substantially smaller in size than, the proper remedy to administer or inferior in grade to, or different promptly. Hot weather ailments in variety from, the faced or shown come suddenly, and unless i romptly surface of such package, treated, a precious little life may be Explanations of its application lost in a few hours. Baby’s Own may be taken thus: On packages
teething troubles, and prevent the "falsely packed” or ' falsely mark-ailments that come at this period, cd;” and a fine of $40 may be im-.¦¦¦ II Every prudent mother should keep a posed for illegally removing lutes from all sources amounted to bQX of |jaby’s Own Tablets in the THE INSPECTOR’S BRAND.
nearly $2,000. This money was ex- bouse at ap times. No other medi- ^t will be noticed that only “clos- ! the right medicine for Kidney Troui pended in the purchase of pure-bred dne aCt8 so promptly and so surely, od packagcs” need be marked. A| ble
stock and in defraying the expenses and the Tablets are guaranteed to cjosed .,ackngc is defined to be a This is the declaration of Mr. T.
Thirty-throe meetings, C0Iltain no opiate or harmful drug. b()x or barrel tho contents of which | H. Belyea, postmaster of this place, chiefly for the purpose of orgamza- Thcy aiways do good and cannot cannot be	or	inspected when who for a long time was the victim
tion were held during the fust year. possibly do harm, and crushed to a KUch is cIoscd Baskets, berry; of a very severe case of this (painful
was arranged and carried out suc- Foote# st. Thomas, Ont., says :— ..closcd packages ” and therefore do and after he had tried plasters, oils cessfully. Several speakers were „My baby wafl troubled with diar- t re(.uire marking Cranberries , and liniments and all kinds of ex-employed and various agricultural rhoe& and was very cross and rest- and ulll wiW fruit are not subject; ternal remedies as well as doctors’ topics were brought up for discus- ,esfJ und got ^ little sleep I hardly t thc provisions of tho Act.	|	treatments, with no good results, he
sion, chief among which were, dairy- kneW what to do with her. I got a Merchants are held responsible fori began reading the testimonials of ing. hog raCiiig and chicken fatten- box of Raby’s Own Tablets and after ^ fruit they ofTer for saln (or fruit I Dodd's Kidney Pills. He says :- |
A« aI1 of these are live indus- glving her some her bowels became £ Uiei|. poss^ssion for sai0), but the “This remedy was so highly tries at present, the interest mam- ^ga|ar and she could sleep well. I 1 , .	. wrongdoer if found, will in I oommended for Kidney Trouble that
Tested in the meetings was great. think the Tablets a splendid medi- *	be Prosecuted	after reading some testimonials I
The attendance throughout was dne„	nenaltv torT violation of the ! concluded to try them for a short
good, fully 2,000 people being You can get the Tablets at any .	? fy	to packing and time, but I must admit that having
brought in contact with the lectur-	drug	store	or	by	mail	post	paid at	.	.	,	. ,	than	twmitv-five	tried so many things and failed to
£	g.	sz	znxn'jz at ss
&¦	rr.v. K <» “‘ziïzriïj r,d s-z
cussioi, of agricultural questions is	WELL ANSWERED	«nn	nàl nre divided enuellv lon« beforc 1 ,ound °ut thul they
ssf srstrs.- s * « v- - - * r- w	rz.-—““ - —
BsmmsmiMss
has	taken place along	’ One .f them, seeking to	take a rise	stipulation that immediate not ice	^ certain|y mftde	a coinplcte	cure
.	The	people realize this	out of thc youth, said:	must be given by the Inspector	of my caS€.
anxious	that more educa-	"What are you hugging	your bro-	thc packer when fruit, which at	a	l	fce, well as	ever I did	and
then so tightly for?”	times is at the risk of chave not the slightest trace of	the
"•Cause,”	was	tho	ready	rejoinder, branded	or detained,	and	tho	inspec-	RJd Trouble that bothered me
I was afraid he’d ’list!” .	tor who exceeds his authority is for ^ many yean# ..
«	heavy	Z J5ZJ-Z susarys1
The main points of this Act may perjence of the medicinal value of
•VHS “Sri.» ,Mk. w ¦“<™>
I
Mrs. Neighboi
Do you and your husband live happily together Enpeck—"Sure ! I'd just like to see my husband try pot to live happily with me
last from ten to thirty years longer when set in the ground than 1f put there in its normal condition.
Next to this are thc points, which do excellent work in cold and temperate climates
painted every two or throe years will last centuries; but tins does not . apply to wood employed on ships or
Ceylon IC3 Is the finest , in the piles of wharves and bridges.
Marine animale bore through the
paint, and attack the wood beneath
Mrs

Ai

9 9
Y*
of the
A piece of wood
$100 Reward, $1C0-
The reader* of thi* pspar will be p’naead fo learn that i* at i»n«tone dreaded due ass thateclcm ehiebeen able to vixre It ail U •Lagon ni that in Catarrh. Halle Catarrh Cure i* » ho only penliive cure now known to the medical fraternity, l a arrh be ng a con siltnlioaal dlsen-e, requires a constitutional treatment. Ha>l'i Catarrh Cure ie Uktn la temally, acting directly oa tho bool *.nd mucous tarfacee of tho system, thereby des treying the f» undallon ef the dleeuvo. and giving the patientstTm/th by building un i be censtitutioe and assisting nature in do ng its work. The proprietor* have •• mueh faith n it« curative tower*, that they offer Ooe Hundred Dill» re for any case that it fall* to cure. S^nd for list of tssUnieulal*.
Address. F. J. CHENEY & CO.. To odo, 0.
Bold br Druggist. 75e.
Hall's Family Pll eoreths bsst.
Tea the world produces, and is sold only In lead packets.
«Slack, Mixed and Green.
'.pan tea drinkers try 44SaIada,f Green tea.
it
When you reach the tropics, paint is almost worthless so fur as preventing the attacks of white ants is concerned through thc paint, go into the interior of the log of lumber, and cat out nil the tissue without disturbing the paint skin on the outside. The only process which seems absolutely efficient is to charge the wood with some poisonous fluid, which is antiseptic, non-volatile, and permanent.
They bore a hole
DON’T BATH TOO MUCH
take a bath every morning, but two a week is my liin-
I used to
un-
re-
" Waiter, it is almost naif an hour since 1 ordered that turtle soup.” Waiter—"Sorry, sir, but you know how slow turtles a re
through the pores of the wood a strong solution of the double chloride of ammonia and mercury. After the wood was charged it was laid aside to dry. during which operation thc ammonia and the water
the corrosive distributed
I bought a horse with a supposedly incurable ringbone for $30.00, cured him with $1.00 worth of M ! NARD’S UNIMENT him in four months for $85.00. Profit on Liniment, $54.00.
MOÏSE DEROSCE, Hotel Keeper.
St. Phillip’s, Que , Nov. 1st, 1901.
and sold
Lions and tigers arc too weak in lung power to run mori than half a mile.
It’s a great thing.”
The Salvation Army claims no divorce has been granted to any one married under its auspices in the 35 years of its existence.
that
The Farmers’ Institute system of Prince Edward Island is two-fold in Its aims. It seeks to combine the educational features of the Ontario lyetem with.the facilities for dealing in live stock afforded by the old Agricultural Societies' plan. Each organization is a Farmers’ Institute and Agricultural Society combined. A Government grant of $00 is paid annually to each society, which has at least 50 members enrolled, and collects $40 per year in membership fees. A sum amounting to $1,000 was expended In this way last year. The total membership up to December 31st, 1901, was 1,624. and thc amount subscribed in fees was $911.50. The receipts of the Inst I-
Miiiard's Liniment Cures Colds etc
i

The Bishop of Bath and Wells ha» unveiled a memorial window of Captain Maclean, the well-known oarsman, who died at the front.
Mosc Johnson—"Bat liniment you sold me did mall wife lota ob good.” Druggist—"Why, that was horse lini-You said you wanted it for Mosc Johnson—"Ah did, But dar ain’t miffin' too good fo’ mail ole woman, needer—jess yo’ understun* dat!”
HAD LITTLE FAITH.
w p e ini
ment a horse!”
THE MOIT POPULAR DENTIFRICE
suh
HOW A DOUBTFUL MAN WAS CONVINCED AND RESTORED
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
Miimd’s Liniment Cures Distemper
ments
Travers—"Did you go down to my tailor'a and tell him I woidd settle that little matter ?” Office Boy— "Yes, sir.’’ "And did he seem convinced ?” "He did. He said he was convinced that you wouldn’t.”
Lower Windsor, N.B., Aug. 11.— (Special)—"1 want to say that I believe that Dodd's Kidney Pills are
Sweetens the breath.
Froserves the teeth
Strengthens the gums
9 9
:Asmssvs& % !	Band
of lecturers
T9 < car
Mr. Belyca reads the newspapers
Lowest price* ever quoted. Flue o*wdogan 10» Ulastratlose, mailed free. Write os for any
Ui»i In Music er Maatrul le*trewr»i«.
Mrs. Houser (hearing tremendous noise in tho kitchen)—"Great goodness, Bridget, what was that, an earthquake shock ?” Bridget (calmly picking up the pieces of glass)— "No, mum, only a little jar
WHILE! RQTGE t 00.. Limited,
Toronto, Ont end Winnipeg, Men
» i
ing
Cents’Suits Cleaned
Fer Ortr Ilit; Teen.
else Lsdiee Wear of all kinds, ef every dweriptioa DYERS.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING 00*1
or Dyed and Hoi
Aw Old add Well Ten» lieser. — Mn Wiaalew e Soothing Syrup has heea use* for over elity jeers by million ef methars for their chfldeea while teeth.ag, with perfeet eueoea*. It M»thee the child.
•aftens the gnme, allay# all pain, curse wind cede, aad ie the hast reeisdy lor Diwrhea Is plaaeaal te the
druggie#* la every part of the wav'd. » a boule. Ils value le i*o*iouiahle fer .Vf». Wlaelew e Soothing ejme
ones Hanging UOLD MEDALIST
Montreal. Toronto. Ottawa à Quebee
tare. Said by
Tweety-âee seata
Dominion Line Steemehlps
Moatreal to Urerpeel. Beatoa U liter-pool Portland le Liverpool Tia Queen#
Beooed SUoon aad Thiri-Clae aceoeeoiatioe For
end all partteulan, apply to tap agon#
So
He—"You told your mother I was sorry for having made an idiot of myself at her dinner-party last night —what did she say ?” She—"Oh she said she noticed nothing unusual.”
f pavage
(*<)!¦ P*«l
of the
à Co.
D Ter
Rloi.arde, Mills à Co. 77 dtateE L Boa
frr i:
10 RUMBUS
inreihieta i
Marker aaiCalf % Itepeewloe ef all af ee free J lootaeg bake, 4# 0l#»remtear mmrhe, all I
m

vancement other lines and are
tlonal meetings should be held.”
During the month of July a series of mid-summer lectures were given before the Institutes by Prof.
H. H. Dean end Mr. D. Drummond,
representing the Dominion Depart-	II
ment of Agriculture, besides several thirty; thc male not until ten years
local speakers. With one or two ex- later.


rtnel ;|fitwwks.eea4halaere fj* 4 ' .6. May#, 'ilfer ITyre ;C*a*4*»ee.lT,
tl, liste. FAB
t
any luck on holiday trip ?” Tomaon—
four
Jonson—"Had you
Great luck 1 The baby cut teeth while I was away.”
?

4 4
subject to
Wood* Photo. Encrahul^
m j. i JONES Eng Cv 5^
^ BAY STR«T.-rK)FONlO
The female brain commences to decline in weight after the age of
M's LtniRMU cutes camel in cow.

###PAGE###8###

pH
$2,500
worth of
E. HOGGINS & SON’S A DVT.
BOOTS
HOLD UP
To be Sacrificed.
The Largest Genuine Sale of Footwear
ever held in Shawville !
a minute and read this, if your clothes are beginning to Approach n condition of innocuouN desuetude, which will innko it necessary to discard them. We want your patronage-not for one time only, hut permanently. If we can get the former we an* certain to secure the latter. Why f Our stock is ho large we will have the kind you want. By selling so many Suits it enables us to sell so cheap. Our fit and workmanship are all
right
Special Lines I
This Sale must be Short, Sharp and Decisive
Eddy’s Sulphite Sheeting Paper 6 feet wide, at 4 cents per lb. „
ES* Only ten days can be allowed as the Fall Stock is coming forward.
A. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
" Tea Rose Drips ” Syrup,
O
M. STEWART
Main Street, Shawville.
at 5 cents per lb.
*
O-wee-kay-no Canned Salmon ; every can guaranteed ; 2 for 25c.
THE FAVORITE!rçjght About Face !
(V
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
Take Right Step to
T. W. WILSON & CO S
Scotch Fingering Yarn, black and ply, 60 cents per lb.
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
. iMid-Summer Sale !
AT
W*nilCLCFV
WA INMAN’S
“ Quaker ” Green Ceylon Tea,
25 cents per lb.
We will begin now our Mid-summer Sale when
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters, ^*11 be offered at prices that should effect a
1 speedy clearance.
Notwithstanding the big advance in Teas, we are | Shredded Wkeat Biscuits,
still selling at old prices.
It will pay you to visit our store during our first sale. Expenses low, consequently low prices.
Agateware, Tinware, Etc. No antiquated or out-of-date goods in this Sale.
All lines of Summer floods
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock,
15c, per package.
A full line of Stove Furnishings,
E. HOGGINS & SON.
G. E. WAIN MAN, SHAWVILLE
T. W. WILSON & CO

P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE.
P. S.-We Keep a full line of Fresh Groceries.
Economical Pork Productions
Artichokes—Another crop of great Vft’ue for pork productions istheartichoke It should be sown late in the fall or very early in the Spring. The pigs may be allowed to feed on it in October	and the I stream he was	seen by John M. Loeber,	I had never left for seventeen years. Hav-
early spring. They will do the harvesting	who ran towards him. The suicide halt	mg become mad, she was entrusted to her
themselves. This is a most excellent crop ed, exractrd a coin from his pocket, and	family to the care of some peasants, who
for brood sow in spring and autumn. threw a half dollar to the shore, lie then	undertook to look after her for £ 12 a
Almost all varieties of juicy forage crops sprang into the current and was swiftly year. When re'eaeed she was dreadfully are suitable for pork production,	the sort	swept towards	the Falls. He was still	emaciated, and mdiscribably filthy con
mentioned above being probably	the best	alive when he	went over the biink, and	| dition
for Canada.	was holding hie hat on with both hands
The question as to the advisability of	------•------- I Mexican Tovnns Swept Away.
allowing pigs to graze, or shutting in a	Sagacious Seals	----
small pen and feeding them the green	b________	Culiacan, Mex.j Aug. 16—The lower
crops, does not seem to have been positi-	portion of the city of Attalta, on the
vely settled yet, for while greater dsi'y Capt. Webb s performing seals have	Pacific coast, just west of Culiacan, has
gains may be expected where animals are delighted hundreds of thousands of peo	been completely destroyed by a tidal wave
kept in c!o<e quarters, there is always the P^e- They have been the star attraction of and not less than 30 people are known to bacon	industry,—quite inadequate supply	item of extra labor for cutting and carry-1 every vaudeville program for the past	have been drowned. The bee of He may
of dairy	by	products,	for	use	in	pig	feed-	ing the forage.	I several months. Their feats are said to	be several times that number.
ing. The farmer whose conditions permit Another item of someimportanceto the be truly marvellous. The Albany Ex The property lose is heavy. It l_____________
may go even further than to use forage feeder is the comparative economy of prea* thus referred to the attraction ported that several smaller coast towns plants as a supplementary food. He may Winter and Summer feeding of pigs. 1 These amaz ng legless and armless mi trusted above Attalta were completely even make them the item of his pig feed According to various experiments con- mics are the funniest creature*, perform- washed away by the same tidal wave and if he is careful to use a good proportion ducted here recently, pork may be pro- inK trkks eclipsing the fabled tuions, and that the less of life in these smaller of grain (oats, pease and barley,) during I duced at about $1.00 per hundred pounds, They are the oddest of musicians, vocalists places is very heavy, the last month of the feeding period | live weight, less cost in summer tnan in I and comedians, as soldiers, ball players ] Relief for the sufferers at Attalta will
In the past some objections have been raised by the packers re the usj of forage plants and roots fir pork production, but the light of recent experiments would seem to show their feirs or objections groundless ; in fact, the good influenceof a considerable p rope rt ion of green feed or roots in the ration of a pig can scarcely be overestimated. It has long been known that skim milk has a most beneficial influence upon the thrift of the porkers, and quality of the pork, even whea the amount fed, forms only part of the ration. Green food and roots seem in a large measure to be capable of supplementing the now,—in view of the tremendous expansion in the Canadian
NEXT WEEK.
Beginning IT ext Monday Morn-
ning, August 25th,
We offer our entire stock of
Watches
Clocks Jewellery and
Silverware
m rv-
*
9
live weight, less cost in summer tnsn in	and comedians, as soldiers, ball players
As the season is	rather far advanced	winter. This seems to be due to less cost	and groteeaues. They sing songs of the	be sent from Culliscan and it ii expected
r exhaustive discussion of	forage	of green feed, as well as to low temperat-	sea, they play upon musical instruments,	that	stale and federal governments	will
crops suitable for	this purpose,	I shall	ure, which must be overcome by food or	lheV drill, they catch and pitch, they ape	take	prompt ac ion for the destitude.
........“	the cunning fool to perfection and they
constitute the only sealskin band. It was
for
confine my remarks to such as are atill artificial heat seasonable.
G. H. Grisdale, consmute ine omy seaiemn Dana. it was | Ex-Preeider.ts Kruger and Steyn met Clover—Probably no crop is better I	Agriculturist h'ghly amusing to »ee one of these North | Schevigen, Holland
EECEHEFæ	ErEBSHS
XÏÏ"SSrSB,"*^ *° H Schreyere^Great Feet.	7The'p.,%„S.':% A Bri.eh	i.
any kind of land, (3) its long season, ai I He does a marvellous ride down	1 ^
it may be sown as late as September and elevated chute and then from an extend-etill do fairly well, (4) its evident palata- ed platform he makes a leap to a tank of bility, as the bigs eat it greedily, and water 40 feet balow and 70 feet distant.
(5) its good effect upon the quality of the H's act was the great attraction at the bacon, producing as it does, almost in Winnipeg Exposition a couple of weeks variably a good firm carcass. Rape may Ago. The Winnipeg Te'egram says the be expected to be fit for pasturage from foot caused great excitement and that the 6 to 8 weeks from date of sowing. It grand stand rose en masse to cheer him as should be sown in rows about 24 inches he came on the stage after arising from the apart, since when so grown it gives the tank It continues “Canadian crowds greatest return per acre, and is b«fc ad like things that take pluck to accomplish spied for pasturing. It should be sown | and his performance require nerve.” fairly thickly in the rows, say, three lbs of seed per acre. An acte may be pected to carry from 20 to 40 pigs through a season, depending on a season and the condition of the crop when the pigs in.
Vetches also are valuable as forage for swine, and may be, under exceptional conditions, sown late in the	“
pec tally is this true of the Hairy Vetch, which species has the peculiar quality of growing up again after having been cut off or eaten down.
Here are a few of the
BARGAINS
Gold Filled Watches, usually $12, now $8.50.
Gold Filled Waltham Watches, usually $15, now $11.50
Gold Filled 15 Jewelled Waltham Watches, usually $18.50, now $15.00,
Gold hilled 17 Jewelled P. S. Bartlett Watches, usually $20.00, now $16.50.
an
Sir Henry Irving's famous theatre in London, tho Lyceum, has been condemned, and will probably bo torn down and a new theatre built on the site.
Canadian Scholar Highly
Honored.
PR PARKIN SELECTED BY TRUSTEES TO ORGANIZE THE RHODES’ S( H I.AKSHIP
SCHEME
The despatches announce the surprise of a United State# outpost by a boay of Filipinos, two of the 27th Infantry being
ipSpSlEIrSBlÈ
muter of t pper Can.d* college, to organ civilized or hammered out of the Filipino ,ze the acheme and to vi.it the count,lea nature, and the .avage like, blood, whe-
under whltoCndtpicC mlT»! I	"" «""" ,r0m lhtiddlri« il
annually to receive a British education.
D . Pa,kin ha. made it a condition of hi, I Mr. Blair’s Expenses Reduced
acceptance that he shall be given time in
which to put Upper Canada college on I It i. announced that Hon. A. G. Blair f 16 \36 working basis before undortak-1 i« to have a small surplus on the Inter-mg his new work. Ho bt li(*ves that he colonial Railway, as a result of the road's will be able to benefit the college greatly business during 1902 I¦¦¦
in bis new sphere. Dr. Paikiu will sail “ -
tomorrow for Canada
Good Nickel Watches, usually $6.00, now $3.09 Solid Gold Rings, usually $2 00, now $1.35. Solid Gold Rings, “
Solid Gold Rings, "
A
3.00,	now 1.90.
5.00,	now 3.00. Eight-Day Clocks, (hour and half-hour strike) $2.75
ex
Jumped Over Fails
0r not
Niagara Falls. N V., August 15.—This afternoon, about 2.30 o’clock, known man about 60 years of age, jumped over the American Falls. The man walked into the stream about 150 feet above the biink of the Falls. A number of people were in the vicinity, and a human chain was formed by three men, Capt. Frank Morse, of East Clarence, being on the end, and Morse holding the Oats—Probably no green crop will give hands of comrades, walked out into the a better return in pork than oats. They current, and as the suicide came down may be sown late or early in the season the stream he grasped hii coat at the rate of 5 or 6 bushels to the acre might have saved him, but one of the and the pig# turned on liter they germ- men in chain released his hold, and inate. The fault of this crop is that it Morse had a narrow escape in regaining lasts only a short time, as it does not seem | the bank himself to be able to recover when once eaten down.
are
an un
This a genuine cheap sale, as I intend to leave Shawville.
season. E#
Until his charges of working expense items to capital account are made public and his expense account closed, there is every reason to believe that the
_______ , surplus is a myth. Of course Mr. Blair
swmisH iAMILY ****** MEa shut up roB did not have an election on his hands
seventeen tears.	last year, and was not compelled to pay
d A ,,	. TT ,	« double prices for ties, coal and other sup-
S ockholm, Aug. 12.—In a village in pliss, in expectation of a rake off for
the province of \ erm and a woman has I rapt ion purposes, and was thus enabled been discovered clad m a single garment to effect a large saving. But the public and shut up m a wooden cage, which she J is cautioned about being too credulous.
o
WHYTE
Mad Woman in a Cage
He
THE WATCHMAKER,
Opposite Pontiac Moose, Shawville.
The suicide made no attempt to save himself. When he was wading out into the
i
à


>
