###PAGE###1###
ERREUR($) DE NUMEROTATION
U
<
» I
8k
4 W

"*S‘ ^ r
7

No. 7.—1 7 m Year.
SH AW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, AUG. 24. 1800
A 1.00 a Yrak
i-v Advance.
=&= maure bank mmsi: '
a credit to the country.
After a happy time spent together, and the good things pro the gathering dispersed

deacon Naylor and Rev. Mr Shaw ville; Rev. Mr. Lumniis, Thorne; poke of Her, Mr. Warrington, P. D. Fort; Rev.
Mr Piaisted, Quyon; and Rev. Mr. Rail, Alleynr. The sermon was preached by the Bishop, who chose f;r ins text Romani xii, first xerse.
Mrs. Alex Fraser, and daughter, Lucy,
The Pontiac and Pacific Junction rail- ÎÏ0 fttJ,p*,8^nt VsitLng ?Ilti for,ncra 8i8tert way will very shortly increase tho staff of	i>!r*.	* ,	ark» ?f th,s P,aCF-
men employed on the construction work	Miss An Person is visiting at	Mr.	Silas
between Hull and Aylmer. Operations	*' . .	.	__
are now being carried on in the vicinity	.	! he social	held at Mr. Stewart	b	ul-
of Ueschei.es and the company expect to f',r 8 last week, in aid of the new Pres have the road completed to Hull by full, "ytcrian church was very well attended. No great difficulty will be experienced in j A,‘ rePort havin$ ®I,er,t u very pleasant the construction as the country is level evening.
and comparatively easy to grade. Woik	Mra‘ ,,ames Amm and children, of
is also being pushed on the Gatineau rail	who wcre htire f,n a vieit t(> Wr-
way extension from Gracefield to Mani Horsfieîd, left for home this week, waki and a good poition of it is expected . M,S8 Ll!a Bra(jloy, who has been spend to be completed by the time cold weather 8omo l,me with her parents in Eard sets in. It is expected that Maniwaki baa returned.
will be reached by spring, if not earlier. | vu!te a number from here attended
the picnic at Norway Bay last week.
School opened hero last week, tho teacher, Miss Currie, having returned from Montreal.
One of tho most enjoyable events that Mrs. A. S. Smart and Miss May left has ever taken place in this vicinity was today for Norway Bay, where they intend the marriage of Miss Martha, daughter remaining some time for the benefit of of Sheen boro's worthy Mayor, Mr. M. | their health.
Uaycs, to Mr. George A. Landon, of Chichester village, which took place Wednesday, Aug. 16ih., in St church, Sheenboro, Rev. Father Kier-nan officiating. After tho interesting
ceremony, the guests, numbering prob ,	,	.. n ,	.	,	,
ably 350, assembled at Mr. Hayes’ resi- Enc ?3cd ^ will find a report of the deuce and partook of a sumptuous dinner, croP9 °* and the shortage of hands the excellence of which, in a house already *hat 19 Predlcted to harvest it. I might noted for its hospitality, can better be here a'a*® a few of the facts which I know imagined than described. The brides- to be x™9 Wlth re8ard to the wages and maid was Miss Margaret Hayes, sister of the work <me man 18 fiUPP08ed to dot that the bride, while the groom w:as supported ,8.m this locality. I am not speaking by Mr. Owen McDonald, of Sudbury. about a11 GVer the Province. One man is The bride and her sister were becomingly ?uPP(!8ed to f‘d,<>w a binder stocking. The
attired in Dewey blue cloth suits, with bo*# 1 6 0 tei1 m9 that ,fc 13 ea3ier W0lk hats to match, and carried bouquets of than 111 0ntar,° Gr Quebec, because the white roses. To say that both looked 8Peave8 nrd ail earned on bundle car young and charming only expresses the r*erJ ai d *b own in rows. ages ror ih s opinion of every one present.	work run from $35 to $45 per month.
Among tho guests from a distance was Jhen after harve8t threshing commences. Mrs. W. J. Poupore, wife ct Pontiac's PitoW *et ^ 25; feeder8’ 552 00; eng-member, who was warmly welcomed hy meers, $7O to per month; and tire many friends and acquaintances.	men, >1 00 per day, and board. All men
After dinner dancing was indulged jn bave to supply a pair of blankets. Rail-
f r a few hour:, and about (i p. m the	#30 Per montb* teaming. J
•rid 1 party left for Chichester amid a might say there is a big demand here
shower uf rice and the good wishes of the UuV for them» as the company are numerous guests.	| building twenty miles of this road this
The presents were very numerous and some quite costly.—Pembroke Observer.
Lowe
II. Brnhazon
were
0P CANADA.
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,600,000.00 ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦il, 170,000.00
Rest
vitled partaken of
Com.
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000 RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
Board of Directors : Charles Magee, Esq., President George Hay, esq.,Vice-President
Hon. Geoi Bryson, Jr Alex, Fraser, Esq ,
FRESH
John Mather, Esq. David MacLarex, Hhq.
Head Office, - Montreal.
SHAW villi; branch.
Dennis Murphy, Esq.
GEORGEBURN D. M. FINN IE
General Manager, .. . Manager,
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
ARRIVALS I
Drafts issued on all Banking pointa lu the Dominion, United States and Great Britain.
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
rates.
Sums of ft and upwards received U Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Homy—10 a. m. to 3 p. m. Saturday 10a.in. to p. in.
Office Hours Saturdays .
10 A M. to 3 p.m.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER.
Manager
Wedding Bells
LOCAL NEWS.
is in readiness for sotting up the machinery—which by the way is the latest and best manufactured—a staff of experts will be sent by the firm to execute that particular part of the work, which it is expected will occupy six or seven weeks. The prospect is that Shaw ville will have a roller mill second to none in the country of its capacity, and an enterprise
which while of great benefit to the town, will reflect very much credit on the gentlemen who have taken hold of the ject and pushed it through.
We have already received several consignments of New Goods for Fall Trade, consisting of..............
Have you tried Dowd’» 14 High Lo&f ' Flour ?
Mr. Coates, formerly of the Clarendon Methodist circuit, arrived in town on Friday evening on a visit to his many friends, who were oil glad to see him.
Wanted Immediately.—A Blacksmith with good experience for a general jobbing shop
Thompson, B
The drought which has prevailed since the present month set in was broken by a decidedly welcome fall of rain on Monday afternoon.
Found—On the road between Wilson's Mill and Radford, a Ladie s Hunting case watch. The owner may have tho same by applying at this office.
Dr. Stackhouse, sr.t Surgeon Dentist, will be at Shawville on Tues lay, Sept. 0th; Campbells’ Bay, on Wednesday, Sept. G;h. Parties will oblige by calling early.
§3T The Shawville Marble and Granite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superior class of work in Mon uments, Headsrones, etc. Prices reasonable
Jemima
on
Paul’s
Hamiota, Aug. 12, 1899
The Equity,
Shawville
Cottons Shirting’s Tickings Linens Flannelettes Wrapperettes Dress Goods Hosiery.
9
pro
». Apply to Richard H ritftol Corners.
The barn of Mr. John Cahill, Allume* Island, was burned down on Friday, 11th inst., with tho hay it contained. The rire broke out at noun, and how it originated is not known. About thirty neighbors were soon on the scene, and they worked like heroes and confined the fire to the barn, thus saving the house. Tho loss is estimated at about $300 00; there was a small insurance. The loss of the barn just before harvest is a great inconvenience.
e
?
/
X
1
1
9
Excursion to Experimental Farm
9
On Tuesday, Sept. 6 h, tho annual Farmers’ Excursion to Experimental Farm, Ottawa, will be held at the following very cheap rates :—
Breckenbridge, 50j.
Eirdley, 50c.
Parkers, 55a.
Mohrs, 60c.
Quyon, 60 Wymans, 65c.
Bristol, 65c.
McKees, 65c.
Shawville. ML\
Clark11, 8 h.
Campbell9, 90c.
Vinton, 90\
Coulonge, $1 00 Waltham, SI 10
Children half fare.
Speeches will be delivered by W. J. Poupore, M. P., II m. Geo. Bryson, M. L. A., David Gillies, M, P. P., Profts sor Saunders, Director General Ex[
The general impression among farmers mental Farm, Dr. Gabonly, G. B. is that the oat crop will fall considerably Majorai. P. P., L N. Champagne, M. short of last year’s harvest, the recent ; P., G. Brabr.zm, Portage du Fort,’ ai d great heat and drought having ripened it other prominent Pontiac peopl too fast, while a largo percentage of it has The above faies includes Hull Electric been smitten with rust.	and Ottawa Electric fare». Meals will be
served at the Farm by a first class Ottawa caterer at a moderate price.
9
summer.
e If any ot the boys intend coming out this harvest excursion, I would advise them to get off the main line when out here, because there are always lots of men there and wages low.
Sunday last was tho hottest day of the season thus fur. It was without doubt a roaster, the mercury reaching at one tfhie during the afternoon as high as 96 in the shade.
CORRESPONDENCE.
UNDERTAKING.—The undertaking equipment of Cuthbertson & Graham is second *o none in the district, and all orders receive prompt attention at moderate charges.
MILL TEETH The undersigned has now
rnn eair i in stock a quantity of Cyl-¦ Un vALt • inder Teeth for the XX'ater-
Yours truly,
A. McRae
P. S.—Ottawa val’iy mon get the preference of woik iu thin country ahead of the Western Ontario men.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
Proof Vinegar and Spices for PicK-iiqg Season.
Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Kelly went to Vinton on Saturday, returning on Tues-
luy
Note
The report which the writer refers to wi 1 he found on the 8:h page of hn is v/.-—Ed.
Mr. Nap La violette arrived down from Coulongo on Sunday.
Bishop Loud was here on his annual visit last Monday. Archdeacon Nay loi and Rev. Mr. Lumtnis accompanied him. The church was beautifully decorated.
Mr. Joseoh Gilpin went to Shawville last Monday.
rhresher, at prices lower than ever Now is the time to get supplied.
I». Mi R .
1
THOBNBY NOTES
J. H. SHAW.
Shawville
>en
. Aug. 21.—As my time is not very pro-cions and you have not heard anything There was quite a herd of cattle 1« f I from our section for some time I thought here last Tuesday, J03. Roy having sent 1 would send a few notes hoping they away 4G for Mr. Campbell, and Mr. Rout- would meet your approval, ledge taking 22 from Mr. B. G. Killuran. Rev. Mr. and Miss Williams, spent a Messrs. Gillies’ Bros, sent up sumo men Lw cays up at II udder afield last week, and teams this week to the Crow River The Hornerites are going to erect a new Limit.	hall at Thorn by.
Mrs. David Lunam, Mrs. John Me- All the farmers are busily engaged liar-Lean, of Campbells' Biy; Mrs. XX*m, I vesting.
Prior and Mrs. 11. Leggu, were herr, Mr. John Ebert purchased a new-binder Wednesday.	?	last week. John intends to make things
Mr. Wm. Monro went to Moorhead | boom, and Shawville Monday
e
Miss M. S. Laird, one of the oldest residents of Bristol, passed away on Sun day morning last, at the age of 81 years, tier funeral, largely attended, took place on Monday afternoon, to Norway Ray cemetery. Deceased was a sister of Mr-James Laird.
Rumors are reviving that a change ci venue will he sought in tho case of Mrs. Sparling, who is still confined in Bryson jail. The following item referring to the matter is taken ftoiu one of our exchanges •—“ There is some talk of changing venuo of Mrs. Sparling’s trial from Bry son to Hull. There would be consider-
BOER REPLY HAS BEEN FORWARDED.
Frank Fenn arid deliberately' shot him through the heart. He also tired at ,,s .	Bonn's wife, but did not kill her, the bui-
3 I Believe that Instead of Accepting let grazing her head. He then went to Britain’s Proposals, That New !he residence of E. D. Brown, brother of
Prop.sit.on, Hav, Been	& 55^515 X'.
Made.	been found by the police, who are search-
ing fur him.
Miss .Jennie Ebert is spending a few Mr. D. Lunani and Mr. Win. Moore I days with her sister, Mrs. George Smith, went to Grove Creek mine o 1 Friday, of <;reermount.
returning Saturday with Mr. McManus, Mrs. John Xupe, of Thorne Centre, >f the Buy.	was immersed at Long Lake last Sun-
For Sale.—One new Single Buggy—
(manufactured by J. L». Armstrong Co.)
— a tii'st-dass stvli"li vvvll-l'nishv.l rig for
moderate price. Also a second-hand J, 0 advantage in a move of this kind, single buggy—good substantial rig, dirt J *ie crimmnl court will not again sit in cheap.	| l>rys°n till May 20;h, lfKM), and thus tho
John Lester, Shawville. ; wVmau wil1 have to wait till then for her
! trial and then she may be found not The brickwork of Mr. H. S. Barnett’s guilty. By bringing her to Hull her residence at the east end of Main street, case could be disposed of at the autumn is well under way, under the workman-1 sitting of the criminal court there
..iTLiïvS' —— -lhe l	s—ï w
BORN
- _ ..............................11 ..HI
The building is to be of strong any evidence may be againut a turned from his trip to the coast much ‘MiKAlmip Fhpr, ii viaitim, friends in " » believed, however, that the pro At Glengvle on Saturday, August 19th. modern style of architecture, and when j prisoner, a hanging will never occur in improved in health. Mr. Brock leaves ,,	1 ii * r 1 I H ¦	. .1- position of Great Britain for a joint com- to Mr. and Mrs. Frank McKee a son,
completed will add to the appearance of j Pontiac. There seems to be a free and to-dey f. r Cawood, where he is interested '’\f •,U ff j , ,l.jUnif s,an< lls."ee'- mission to investigate the effect which the its locality, which has become the most i easy feeling amongst the people there of in the mica business.	f ; 1>s a. u’ . ° ias . seimusty ill ^anchise reform legislation would have
attractive portion of the village.,	| “ Give another chance,” or “ She’ll nev- Mr. J. W. Taylor, representing Ler-	m,lU’ is’ "e ,llv ® nt ° Uli" >n the Uitlandere, has not been accepted, !
or do it again,” and the jury seems to be vis Broe. & Co., of Montreal, was in town l’1' ullo-	L,1FSY‘ but that fresh proposals have been ad*
affected by it. An application for a this week on business.	-^- vanced.
change of venue may be made in a few Mr. ltobt. Joynt’s mica mine m Hincks Address to Mrs. Rev. T.A. Nelson. London, Aug. 21.—Lieut. Gen. Sir
ThA following arp amnmr thoa« ubnl^'" All The Equity can say on the >'¦ doing well. Mr. Joynt has taken out	- Frederick Walker, who relieves Gen. Sir
• f	nn i iviv ® l ,,	subject, is that no change is likely to be a number of tons of mica of a good aver- To Mrs. T. A. Nelson :	William Francis Butler as commander of
in ' fc Norway Bav •	^	‘	* applied for by counsel for the prisoner; age.	We, the meml>ers of the Auxiliary of the Britifh troops in South Africa, sailed
it “ xm' Tiui, i-9Ï1,I fnmiiv t ,	but the report has reached us that the Gold has been discovered cl jse by here the W. F. M. S. having learned of your for his post Saturday. He was accorded
sSHscro’" -- hïX-u” • —	z SSiSISiE —
Joliffo and family Ottawa ; Rev Mr Presentation.— A very pleasant 8en,fc	Ottawa to be analyzed, worker, since you came amongst us, fti. passenger at the Wterloo station. It
ssssiBi sssëî-sfesfiiiiissi
h	*	members of St. James’ church this token haa been ®tarted. Mr. Robinson, who	Mrs. R. R. Cuthbehtson, Sec. Africa was incorrect, as at the time in | The Dominion Company' 3rd Floor Caxton
of our appreciation of the services of our had the contract for the foundation, has Bristol, Aug. 12, 1800.	question he had only left Devonport in • big,, Chicago
Mr. Sam Armstrong last week complet- valued organist. Your integrity and zeal almost completed the work. Mr. S. An-1	   I	order to come to London.
ed his contract of the brick work of the have not only won the confidence of the dereon has the contract for the balance Shawville roller mill, which has now church to which you belong and those will no doubt shove on the work as assumed rather gigantic as well as impos- brought into immediate contact with you rapidly as usual.	.	V
ing proportions. The structure contains but must have spread far and wide something over 1.10,000 bricks, and is that you have reached the position—one Hymmetr.ca.ny as well as mbatantially put that is not only a credit to yourself and together. The job of putting on the family but to the country at large. The roof was commenced this week, and is gift we offer is of no intrinsic value, but being rushed with all possible expedition. ^ is rich in love, gratitude and respect;
As soon as thig ifl finished the interior of allj with it, let me on behalf of those 1 the building will be got in readiness for represent, wish you health, happiness the machinery, which we understand was and g<k1’s richest blessing, and pray thafc shipped on the 16th. When everything you mAy long continue
labor of love amongst us.
W. G. LeRoy, Esq., also spoke of the
ed
Sans Crremonie
a .son
KAZUBAZUA NOTES
Be
ship of Messrs contract.
DIED.
At Bristol, on Sunday, August 20, Miss M. S. Laird, aged 81 years.
At Shawville, on Tuesday morning, 22nd inst., Florence May, infant daughter of Mr, H. T. Argue, aged 17 clays.
At Norway Bay
Church Services
Anglican Services.—St. Paul's Church Shawville : Sunday morning, 1U.30 ing, ti.30. Friday evening 7.30. Daily morning prayer, 8.30 a. m.
Su a wvilleMethodistChvrch.—Morning service, 10.30 ; evening service 7.00.
Hp worth League—Mon da v, 8.00, p.m.
Indies’ Prayer Meeting—Tuesday, 7.30.
Regular Prayer Meeting—Friday, 7.30.
Presbyterian-^Masonic Hall, Rev. Mr. Back) Sunday. 10.30, a.m.
even
i
Shawville Produce Quotations.
PERSONAL
TRIPLE MURDER
«late.......
WÊKLM M	Terrible Crime of a Middlebury, Buckwheat '
Mr. B. and Mrs. Rainville, of Bryson, I Vermont, Man—He is Still pye
A large congregation attended St. j m^‘	ing a man named Eastwood hired a team Pork per 100, dressed
Alban's church here on Wednesday of e Miss Jackson, of Pakennam, who wia from a liveryman here and drove to East ; Beef....................
last week, the occasion of the annual visit , visiting acquaintances here fur some time Middlebury to the residence of hie Hay per ton of His Lordship Bishop Bond, of Mon- left for home on \\ ednes lay l&st accom- mother-in-law. He shot and killed both j Calfskins treal. The following clergymen from the j penied by Mies Magrgie McCredie, who his wife and her mother. He then drove | Hides,.. neighboring parishes were present ; Arch- j be her guest for several week?,	| back to this town, went to the homo of | Pelts....
Mrs. C. B. Taggart, of Ottawa, was in town last week visiting relatives.
24 tc. 26 00 to GO
tee
• e
SO
PARKMAN
—to
to
11
12
14 to 1(5 12 to 13
to
5.00 to 6.50 6.50 to 7.00 .... 45to 60 6.00 to 6 60 i .	36 to 60
your work and
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?



###PAGE###2###

'
1 QUEEN'S "POINTERS
points out that kings and queens differ l'rom all other mortals in the fact that when attacked they are not supposed
ELIZABETH, QUEEN OF R0UMAN1A, l'uhvr'wh'h "tSXiw
DILATES UN MEN AND WOMEN. (prlnoes, she evidently regards them
merely as ornaments, for she says;— "A prince need only possess eyes and ears, and there is no reason why he should use his mouth, except for the purpose	This may seem a
No book in Europe today is attract* little cynical, but turn
IS THE PLAGUE TO VISIT EUROPE?
feeling rather weak now ami then, 1 held her hand as if he could never let turn comparatively well. I trust you | go, are <;uite well. Alias Sinclair?*’
**Yes; 1 am very well, thank you But—b^t Mi. Crawford told me you I againet here
asked I had no means recovered yet." I “You forgive Î” she whispered.
Vandeleur mentally anathematised * My dear 1 My darling T was all Crawford, as he said, with a bad iinit- | ha said, at ion of a laugh:
"Pshaw 1 Crawford is an awfully sheltered I gœd fellow; but, you know, he occasionally constructs a mountain out of a molt li ill."
I
Her Mistake.
i
Presently he drew her gently toward h<m, and rested his cheek
The IMimic list Bets fcpmullHg <* That l»treell<in Maphlly-The Vr»«y-fU.
The outbreak of plague àû Egypt and Persia ia creating more alarm till a u is generally acknowledged among the scientific men and intelligent inhabitants of Europe, who any gradually awakening to a sense of tibe possible
ing more attention than the one en-1 pages of the book and you will find danger of the disease apleading step titled "Thoughts of a Queen." which \ he sugie writer landing virtue and by y^ep westward until it ahull have
has just been published in French, and	in life which Vd^tiTtme I «aLaed “ ««“	»» Uw heart ot
the author of which is Elisabeth, | happiness Queen of Houma nia, who is better known to the literary world under her nom do plume, Carmen Sylva. An attractive woman she i%

"Quite comfortable now V Crawford of the News, as he threw a rug across Vandeleur's feet.
linn ami Wlfo siiouhi >fT«*r « cn*e t’oui'i Ilia l ove, llulv, Jrnloirty anil F«lv nr# idlml Hon any Wenira hit Wi nk.
I I
" Perfectly, thanks 1"
The two men occupied nook of the el if fa at to the Mace Hotel ; after arranging Vfltiideleur's rug. threw himaeJf into a Xt*ss chair and
OLD LETTERS
over a fe w
What disposition shall we make of
Pointing to the seat which Crawford I old letters or of friendly letters which hid vacated a few minutes previously, | have not yet become old i The ques he continued:
"Won't you please sit down, Miss	.	,
Sinclair? 1 long -o have a chat with	u ¦ocvrdmg to their tempera
an old friend."	I mvnt, and in various ways. Some per
His own desire now w is to keep her, j sous never destroy a letter nnd an unnatural elevation pervaded
,	,	, ,	, him as he hailed with almost hyaterl- ......	.
Aftwr a few>uffs Crawford burst | oal delight the project of showing endorsed >n the proper .accession,, we„ shapud mouLh. heavy brown
this worn ,n how utterly indifferent he all communications received during a	KWeet 8|mle. \ princess of
WShe htu'aled for a moment, -hen u^'eL'rea!onA!%'wè,ITZ^vl W*' d ^ birth, she was carefully e4u-1 from olden times formed a strong I ,ihe r,ld auperstitloa. dread of the quietly sat down.	ousirnas casons it is wen to l>n8tn® L,aud| by hor excellent mother, and the temptation for man a ingenuity and plague has almost died out, and for
"But surely, Mr. V.tndvleur," she business eners until the progress o&	.^ ^ tbat abe ja not only a ready greed, and in ancient mythology trea
s-iid, “your wound cannot be of so tri- lime has made it certain that they will
and | v*Kl) a nature as you would have one | no( again be needed for reference or believe ? You were reported killed at first ; all the papers said so, and 1— every one was so dreadfully sorry."
Sitings, close d Crawford,
i
I
I
turn is a practical one, and people au
That these fears are juath find to a certain extent would appear
Europe.
lit hi» pipe.
V-tndeleiLT closed by eyes restfully. He looked paie andyfnin, and his left aim rested in a »nng.

TREASURES OF THE SEA.
to be home out by a consideration ol
the history of former epidemics as well
with her blue | '«w AppnralNa Minrb In I #l lo Briny | as by the unsanitary condition prevail-
«»l«l lo I he .surface.
They
keep in orderly files, duly labelled
Log in a large number u£ European
Z
\
The treasures hidden by the sea have cities and districts
out:
" By Jo a diffa

i
1
art isn't this glorious t What oe there is between it and
si vine years the people of Europe have
writer and a witty talker, but also a sure-troves ini rusted to the w aves play I lulled Uyeinselves into a sense of se-good housekeeper, as well as an adept	a disastrous part in individual and na-	curity as regards the danger of inin (bosc arts which fit women to be-	tional fate. No sooner lias, in our	fectiou. They have come to regard
time, some inventor brought out a new	themselves as in a high degree proof
She began to write prose and poetry submarine device or diving apparatus, Ugainai the plague, basing their faith at uu early age, having apparently in-	when, to use Shakespeare s words, all	chiefly on the fact that in India, with
her it ed the poetic gift from her grand-	the profound sea hides in unknown	but a ?ery few exceptions, the natives
, Princess Louise of Wied, who	faihums ' begins to glitter befote	have been the only victims. The uo-
I was a poetess of no mean skill. Her man's1 eyes with its "demoniac allure- ouxreuces at Vienna a short time ago
com! s a	period ^hen'nigcon-LWes	and	I first po.-ms, however, of an real merit	menu"	-where, it will be remembered, some
desks may	be cleared, and room	made	were those which she wrote after the	On- the 19lh of last month the anm-	faial cases supervaded as the result of
for new claimants, the old having	had	d-'ath of her first born child. , This	versary occurred of the sinking ol the	laboratory
their day; that which was of an	uc-	wafl [he £irat great at>rrow 0f her life,	Alabama by the Kearsarge off the	plague microbe—somewhat shook their
I and the poem, which she wrote then French port, Cherbourg. A eer.ee of oytimUllc view of the ¦huation, and ted to volumes and safes in selected show how deeply she lamented the loss experiments wxs being made about u# mortality from the disease among places, and that	which	was merely	0( ber babe.	ihia date at Cherbourg with a new	white population of Alexandria
transient being given	to	the	flames.	. “Thoughts of a Queen" she	diving apparatus that enables work to	has tended to still further throw doubt
JSta•as <-.»>,>...* — « «	u... «...
With	,„,,	n5n of	u ir »,pnrt	KhAlC0liree wit^ otters of sentiment,	or	.ubjects. Here, for example, are some	th^n has hitherto been possiu e. i	the conditions favorable to its growth
noted the	unmistakable^evidence	of	wlth fami|y correspondence, it	la	; Her view, about man;-	new apparatus, it is expected, will	tjltiXe ù no valid reason lo infer that
a*pllKiHp*
He will never forgive, she thought bfld 10 honor through the long years
—never I	It was told in lelteis which ought to flc[. remarks about women are | a0 the bottom of the ocean. Another
».ld .....	.t, . ....... «ÜISIS-S "ZZTZ&a!	there ... ,.mi„	jj ^..U, M*.	—	»	«S
""""	" -r tr «asrasire	" —« -	sa."*ssirs.A
run of luck almost came to a close. . While doing so, her hand slightly 10 reduce the infamy to ashes as soon she must be pretty, ultgaut and love ^ (his very moment the lifting of They had dragged ban from beneath touched that of Vandeleur, causing	„ M^ls'somL able* Vet in spite of all this men say a rlch treasure-trove from sunken
ES:1;SS
Presently Miss Sinclair said hesitat- as regards the written word.	among the Turks she is regarded as a	of a famoU8 wa fjghtl which took „ Undoubtedly tiie gravest menace to
,	Will you listen? 1 want to ask ypur	man, having served	their fust turn, both purposes. When a woman gives	Tu& Count Alexis Orlow, the Hus-	fween the Last and West, whUe	Persia
er the I ess they had pulled him round, pardon—Some time ago we—I quarrel-	g>von their message and performed herself	away she fancies that she has	siau a(lmiral un(ler Catherine 11., who,	borders un Turkey and Russia.	in all
And now he wan on the fair road to ed with you, apparently without any	their errand, are best out ot the way.	given a whole world; the man, how-	wjth his own hands, in I7ti2, had stran-	l{ire6	ja*L coamtrues, especially \\l « ie
recovery.	ostensible cause whatever. Three	Chloe writes to 1 hylhs in terms of	ever, believes that he has simply ac-	le(i to (leatb the czarina s husband,	lh<)y	adjoin, hygienic errangt im-nta
Siiss^s mmms. esiwp	mmm
-W.S-S %==•,$--"zrESSHBSSÇ iE~ =3SS;£=H"Sr;E"x: ES5=S3S5
scorch. d the words on her lips, but she	souls in poetic phiuso to one another	wind; for	a long time she remains a	ver coina ju vltiW Qf tbv immense	aud l,‘nlly carried out the worst
quietly proceeded:	should	not preserve their effusions,	closed bud, and as soon as she	begins	^ 0f treaaure the one ration thus	prediction* of the prophets of ovil
Please reserve your sarcasm until	but by	common consent their fetters	to flower	she withers. Man	often	, f&r has been confined to the Russian	b61,r?tt.l\zei' , T , ,
you have heard me. Not even the fear	should	speedily go upon the funeral	gains his	end through the	brutal	tlagshiio which lies at a depth of a	. ^he British Atedioal Journal, siwak-
of your misunderstanding shall deter I pile fur which •hyperbole and strength of an ox or a bear; woman |;,(|e uVer jgp feet. A very large	^h the subject, says :
me from performing what 1 consider	exaggeration are lit material.	Und< r similar circumstances uses the	amount of Venetian Austrian and	. "While rejcAcing that Europe has es-
tq be right and my duty to do. It is	When any oue of us is honored by	tactics of the timorous mouse or those,	ftuagjAn g0id piecea has been brought	no far, it^is blind folly to unright you should know that I had	the acquaintance of	a person of dis- uf the	murderous snake that coils	t(1 ijKht, and they are so numerous	tttflI*e lt ls 8af6-
some slight excuse for my apparently	tiuction, of some one	whose letters are around	its victim. A woman's virtue	tbal tbe steamship Inebolic, three	a,i‘lte	^	1 ae vpuiiou of	a few
iEi **i
™' " ES2ESH BEEBEBES
heartless manner in which this woman ' .'!?'hiink you" she replied quietly ; "I his letters, or provide that in case of on the part of one who loves us is ahipi where it is watched by soldiers, threw him over without any percep-	wllle The 'Mory of a Man aud a	your own decease they shall be return-	flattery. A man and wife should	Besides the coin, bars of gold, gold and
tibie reason. He could never under-	Woman," is an old title, and has been	ed intact to him or his heirs. In read-	never cease paying a little court to	ailv<)r	crosses, medals	aud	religious
gt inq tt	used many timos, yet l purpose using ing very interesting memoirs of which each other."
Ire all women the same? he won- il OUCd a®ain as a ht?adiDK f°r my nar- charming personal letters form apart, About friendship she says:— dered. Does every woman play with	ratlvae,e ,	the gentle reader occasionally cannot	“W ords of sympathy fall on the sor-
ft man merely to fool him in the end?	Sh,‘ P^sed a moment to collect her	escape the feeling that he is eaves-	row stricken heart as drops of	water
Hut his cogitations abruptly ceased thoughts, and glanced at Vandeleur, dropping or peeping through a key- fall ou melting butter; they cause it as His glance wandered down the path	who continued to gaze sternly sea-	hole. One ought at least to be cer-	to overflow. Friendship loses its potin fh* direction of the hotel	wards. Then she continued:	tain in his bearing toward correspond-	ency in all cases where one of the peril.* .started slightly and a flush	The man iü this Particular case ap-	ence 0f every kind except that which	sons is too happy and the other	is too
showed itself for a moment in his thin i	to love the woman very dearly,	relatea to business, that he is doing	unhappy."
feature*.	a. ^be—wed, she required his affeo- Uj^e btiAt he can and evading no reA strangely familiar figure was com-	t .	.	, .	,	. . | si>onsibiiity.
ing toward him, and his fingers ner- Vandeleur started, and shifted his
vomly twisted and untwisted as here- P^yun slightly.
cognized the one woman in all the He was a writer of books/ she con-
world whom he least desired to	,dIU ou	twenty-third
birthday he presented her with the
first proof of ihe book that had made
his name?
and she appreciated it accordingly, un- (climate? til on turning over the leaves she found between the pages a letter.
"lv was a love-letter, written in
the man’s handwriting on a large sit themselves right down, and don’t sheet of piper, and signed with his do a thing the whole day long, but Christian name; but not meant for write poetry about feathered song-her ; the mime of the woman for whom sters an’ soughing winds, an" blush-it was designed was Gladys."	ing posies, an1 celestial—*
"Heavens 1“ cried Vandeleur hoarse- Yes, but is the climate adapted to
farming ?
Well, I tell you. We raised six hundred chicken* this year, and when time to get ’em to market we was The dealers wouldn't take
^ Rather l All the same, 1 liked it I liktMi the rush and whirl ; ay even the killing and the chance of be ing killed,” adding cynically, "l sup
pose 1
I wish that Arab sword had caught me a few inches lower down."
"Oh l stop that. | What ails you, man? I often wonder whether it was
consultation. Receipts should be filed. A writer in Harper's Bazar says
Were they ? ' said Vandeleur iron- | business must be a matter of record, icaliy. "Sorry to say theii feelings must pass unappreciated. Enough of myself, however, 1 presume you are staying down here for some time ? * lie without being weighted by a straw's
added, as he threw his cigarette unnecessary load. Even in this line
/
Z '
coma leaders of society

ungrateful, but sometimes
ÏPH

not trusted in the human memory,
1
which has burdens enough to carry

F
mother
iway.
"Please don’t 1" cried Miss Sinclair. 'You know l have no objection; my Jove I That reminds me of something. | tastes have not changed even in eighteen month*”
"Excuse me," said Vandeleur, cold-l thought they had it is of no consequence, as l smoke bo evidently hea**d that you and 1 ,had I very little now, tobacco doesn’t com-been pretty thick at the front, as she mend itself to invalids, you know.-
inquired if h.d	JJ? to* K„ SSStSS "tiS
ered; seemed quite interested in you, | ing Vandeleur.
old chap. Her name is Sinclair.”
professional enterprise made you reckless, or—a love affair, eh?
so
By
*

experiments with the
• f
A lady at breakfast this morning some way or other got to know that l was . jy Crawford, the News man. She had al
%
However,
< •


"Sinolair I”
Heavens 1 what's the matter
"Ye
/
somehow, you see, I oan't— You un der stand."
Crawford quietly stooped down and Lv 1

graced Vandeleur’s hand. There was
U
cause to dread the introduction of the plague.
Ai the present time plague exists in Madagascar, Mauritius, India, China, German Central Africa, lower Egypt, according to some reports in the hinterland uL Wool Africa, and, lastly, the news that an epidemic has broken out in Persia has recently been confirmed. In five years, the length of time the plague lias been epidemic in central and southern Asia, it has made its way across Asia and planted itself on the African shores of the M éditer run-
hand-clasp
HAS GIVEN A W HOLE W ORLD
SHEET ITS POSITION
Vandeleur was always somewhat of a mystery to Crawford. The latter
’
II

t
up a promising future
1
ean.
hid finished the "mad oorresponent of the Sentinel.
The shave was a close one, but nev
il
ediy weak here ; 1 must get away. 1 can’t meet her again—or, at least, not just yet.”
"Oh, nonsense 1 You can't go just when the air is pulling you round so well. Besides, there is little possibility, of your meeting, as she is not even aware of your being here. Hallo 1 there's White calling me mind my leaving you for a few minutes ?"
f
Do you

4
'1
SAME THING
Isaacs—I nefer saw ltosenstsin so images, silver and gukl services, a j mooch a ffeg ted by der heat.
Bible bound in silver and adorned with	Cohenstein—He vosn t prosdrated, vos
gems, etc., has been found. The value 1 b<) # of the objects, at the time above men Honed, was estimated to be above | jje oaud, it vos too hot to do peeznes* £250,000.	_____

Isaacs—Choost apoud der same t'ing.
ONE THING LACKING.
V
THE PRINCESS' FEET.
Ethel—How harmonious the color of The Princess Bismarck changed the I everything in this church is.
political history of France unwitting.	'^n^^'w^r^îam.d^gTataes!
ly, and but for her the Franco-Prua-sian War might never have been wag-
MAN HIS OWN MARTYR
#
Here are her thoughts on happiness and unhappiness:—
"There is only one happiness—duty. It takes a hundred lovely and fragrant leaves to make a perfect rose, and it takes a hundred pure joys to make perfect happiness. Is that not happiness when one has the power to do good? Unhappiness can make one proud, but sorrow or suffering only humiliates As a rule a man Ls the martyr
We often mourn
GOOD PLACE TO FARM
Young Doctor — Congratulate me,
old man. I’m just preparing to visit my
Young Lawyer—Good! Perhaps he hasn't
Easterner—You say you have a farm in the West for sale. I think of go-It was a unique present, I ing Went. Is your farm in a good
ed
m*H.
His natural impulse was to get away but weakness rendered such a proceeding impossible.
In his weak stale the sight of her conjured up strange emotions. He fell more keenly his own helplessness, and then, as he watched her, there a root* in his heart a passionate longing for sympathy and rent.
If only, if only— Bah I what a fool bet was—as big a.fool as be was eighteen months ago almost 1
Thi n, as she sauntered carelessly ! along, a dull feeling of resentment disp, iced his previous nei vous-
Hi smack was unfriendly to France, first patient.
I'll go with you made his will.
Edith, showing her smart little
brother to her new beau—Now, Tom-Germany might be smoothed over. myi you ^ave counted up to eleven;
She therefore invited the German tell us what cumee after eleven. Tommy—Pop, in bis stocking feet.
Secretary—Here's a letter from your
wife at the seashore, sir ; but I can’t make out a word she writes Just send her a check for #500. That That evening there was a grand re- | will cover it for the time being oeption. and Eugenie received guests in a gown which made her so ravishingly lovely that even Prince waaa
was not slow to observe the effect of The man who thinks he knows i a \ her beauty upon him. She called him May find out by and >y
to her side, and Bismarck came with That the man who uo t always m A his wife upon his arm.	Eat» much less humble pie.
Now, the Princess Bismarck was tall A report by Miss Collet cm the and gaunt and ugly, and her feet money wages of indoor domestic ser-were generous. As she walked she Vants is issued by Ube Board of Trade showed a great deal of sole.	Labour Department. The number of
While Bismarck stood talking with women and girls so employed was Eugenie an audible titter was heard stated in the J891 census to he 1,748,-along the line of ladies. Bismarck, who q&4, so that domestic service is not was quick as a flash, followed the on]y the largest women's industry but glance of their eyes and saw them rest the largest single industry for either upon the feet of his wife.	men or women. The average money
That settled the matter. The poll- wages ot domestic servants is £17 lGs. tlcal history of France was altered in London, £15 Hk in trine real of Kng-from that moment.	land and Wales, and £176s. in the
A year later when Paris was beaieg- three principal Scottish towns ed Bismarck himself fifed a cannon above figures merely represent money over the ramparts, and those who were wage»exclusive of allowances, which it near him heard him shout :	has been found impossible to classify
"Take that for the feet of the Pria or reduce to money equivalent, as m Bismarck T	the case of tips, Christmas boas*and
The slight was avenged.	perquisltiee generally.
but the Empress Eugenie hoped with her beauty to influence him, so that the little trouble with France and
Westerner—I should smile. Why, sir, whenever we have visitors they just
"l
one
of his own faults for something which we lost long ago, and this is a mistake, since time robe tears of their rights muet that man be who makes two attempts to commit suicide."
About suffering she says:—
"A beast when it suffers goes off alone to some lonesome place; it is only man who lets every one know when he is suffering."
Here are some bright thoughts on life and intellect:—
"Love, hatred, jealously and fate blind; in order to see clearly a man must first depart from this life man never becomes weary of life; he only becomes weary of himself." housewife who is too industrious is always in a condition of uneasiness, and one Would often prefer to find home less neat but more peaceful." "Great thinkers and lofty mountains elevate us in our own eyes." "When two intellectual women can get nothing out of a man than there is nothing in him." en talk nonsense when they find themselves in a critical or unexpected position, just as a dog barks when he is afraid of something." "One can only be intellectual with intellectual people."
Prince and his wife to visit the court of France and the Prince and Princess Bismarck arrived in great state at the Tailleries.
How unhappy
Urn I
The Hand on the Wheel’—it was the pugo of manuscript that 1 could never find 1"
she said, quietly ; "it was a
True, she might not deign to notice page of manuscript that you had lost, him , but if she did there would be no ; however, did not discover this until later ; but, she in her misery at what she imagined to be the man’s falseness, never answered his demands
• 4
«
the
Edwin—flow do you know that it
man that wrote the novel ? Hel-the story takes over a

came
’em unless they was picked. Now you can a*e whnt a job that would be. Six hundred chickens to scald and pick, and only me and my wife to do it.
Yes, but the climate—
That’s it. Our beautiful agricultural climate was what saved us. That very day along came a cyclone, picked up them chickens give their necks a twist, stripped every feather off, an’ landed the hull lot in the next town right in front of the market house.
trice of the old madness to gratify
hur.

Mv mwhile, the object of his wrath, a	.	.
utterly oblivious of exciting the at ten- an explanation—never spoke to
tion of any one, never deviated from him again.
thf path that must inevitably take her	paused a arment, overcome
past the spot where Vandeleur was wl*h emotion. Vandeleur gazed at sitting, but strolled along with an her dumbly.
open book in her hand.	y born» time later,	she proceeded
So immersed was Miss Sinclair with	difficulty, a book was published
her reading that she failed to notice ky, a man, entitled The Hand on the the mu, w ho was rather feebly essay- ^ heel.’ His heroine wag called Gladys, ing to light a cigarette, until she wag and iove-let ter that had destroyed quitp close.	the woman's happiness waa reproduced
At the first glance, however, she re- almost word for word in its pages, cognised him, and the sudden shock /'Then she understood, and for the waa a ! most painful ; but, recovering first time discovered the awful mis-herself in a moment, walked straight take she had made. It was too aie, up to Vandeleur, and held out her however, to repair the error. He had hind, saying gently:	gone abroad."
"I am so glad, Mr. Vandeleur, to see "Then at last one day 11m news tbit you are better—eo very glad." oame that he had be^n killed, and it Although Vandeleur'» heart beat nearly broke her heart." quickly, he was outwardly calm and Vandeleur could not speak; the joy cool as ke i«plied, nonchalantly :	in hia heart was supreme enough to
’Thank #y Except for the tact of preclude tall utterance. tie merely
her



ELECTRIC LIFTERS.
In some steel manufactories electromagnets have been substituted in place of hooks for lifting plates and bars. The magnet being put into contact with the centre of a bar or plate the current is turned on, and instantly
t!be magnetic grip becomes effective. ___________________________________
The crane carrying the magnet then Carmen Sylva has evidently not a swings Its load to the required post- high opinion of women who interest tion, when, the current being turned themselves actively in politics, for off, the magnet immediately releases in a smart little epigram she com-* Its hold.	Wire* them to erratic hens. , She also
Intellectual people oft-
The



cess
I


###PAGE###3###
iy

\

t
r i
»

r'T

r

‘<4

y
i *

'
< *
, i


NOT IN THE WOOD.
Summer Hoarder—l think, considering the price 1 pay, and the poor ho* commodat ions you have, you might at least treat rue with respect.
Mrs. Hayfork—Well, mum, to tell the truth, I can't feel much respect for people what pays the big prices 1 charge fer the sort of accommy du Lions 1 give.
A MODEL LANDLORD.
SHORT, BUT STRONG, Is this argument
late every aiok bird as ecxm am discovered. All ii<*v birds (Should be subjected to at least ten days quarantine before being permitted to run with the flock and If suspected of being diseased should not be allowed 10 be with the other birds until you are positive that the disease is not present. Sick birds that have recovered should not be returned to the flock until it is absolutely certain that they are cured. Never go direct from handling sick fowls to the quarters of the well ones. Do not allow your neighbors’ birds to run with your own. Do not go direct front your neighbors’ henneries to your own. and la «ft, hut not least, never keep sirk birds in the same room as the food for the other fowls i*t kept.

*

On the Farm.
v|
A London Iiiu Whowe < ntfomers Unit be MulMIrd Willi line llrlnk.
Just off busy Bishopgate, in a small and somewhat "slummy" si reel, there stands a public house remarkable for tbof fact that in it you are allowed to have only one drink—and, no smoke, nays the London Daily fdail.
The proprietor of this quaint hostelry, obviously a worthy citizen, seeing that he himself invented, so to speak, the original system of doing business, has been in 4he occupation of the house some twenty odd years.
Thither go ill sorts and conditions of men, from the silk-hatted, city man to the railway porter, warehouseman, or mere, messenger. All have just their onei drink, and go out. Nor is It possible to trick the proprietor by ordering, say % bottle* and railing it "one drink."
No, his one drink means a certain
measure of beer, wine or spirits, and that a very moderate one. On the
wall of the bar,/ . wherein nil and
sundry are served alike, hang the
printed rules of the establishment in
frame.
They met forth how that the proprietor deeming that he may conduct his business as he thinks best, and having
;

SUCCESS ON A FARM.
CEYLON TEA MAS THE FLAVOR AMD QUALITY
.15, 30, 40, $0 & 60s.
Ni 0 *ss has a different signifient I'm to different minds. To one it represent h a large account at the bankers, to a second a comfortable estate, to a Third a high place in society, to a fourth n title or an office, and to a fifth the trumpet-voice of fame. By nine i>ut of ten it. is identified in some way with motif yi-get ting. Now, while many truly successful men have been wealthy and while money us a means to an end is a splendid goal, ye-t simply as an end it is a serious ovil, and while it is commendable in
I I
Lead Package». . , .
• • •
l
A BOON FOR THE LAME I
THE IVEÏ PATENT EXTENSION SHOE 00.,
Are •usioue tu *«"<:*< w the iddrena of every lame atan aud womai- in Oa*#d* Whew lam® nm eooalite in one limb being ehortur vhau Lhc uùier aûd are offering t iud ewftog eflL pivymvat to ever* lame p raon who will take the doable to w, lie for clfe»iUrtieo I to art lia a* enta. flet one of the Kitenaioiie for yourself end you will, aftwr wea/tef® e week, have no trouble to convince others of us value
Till* Eitension ie by far tho beat of ita nature ever g eced en the market end enable tlit> wtarer to walk upright, to walk with «a « and comfort, to wear any or'dlpaif etorX shoe, and gives them the aerne appearance as their ra ee fortunate Mauds Deeonptivi circulera free to all Ask for terms to agents. Address
iPtSB 170 BAY STREET,
1
If Payee, of Oranbv. Que' Olger Maoufauly/er
“ Pharaoh 10o.
I
1
1
1
' 1 MIGHT HE WORSE.
Sally Slimrn— Pve been down to Sand-bur Hcacb, ami 1 was almost eaten up by monquitoee.
Polly Plump—Well, dear, they left you ilie bone®, anyhow. .
«
/ ‘
'
TORONTO, CANADA,
i
MALT
O’KEEFE'S æ.

I
A WOW'S SUFFERING
St. Thomas, Canada.

Alma Ladles’ College,
luv
W LLOYD W
a young mao to resolve upon earning a cotmpetemce lie ought to keep ever Ln mind the fart that it is possible for one to at ta hi the highest degree of success and yet live and die in poverty, and Beane*imes wtimt the world culls
'	TAKEN IN.
Henderson—Did Parker let you in on that big real estate deal of his Î Williamson, sadly.—Yea, I was taken in.
%i«e Troubled WHU l,Hlplhillou of I lie Mean, L*in*me Wmlturu mid fcervo»* Il adaehe*.
Ib-J
Nineteenth Year Begins September 7.

In the little hamlet uf Montrose, Welland County, resides a lady who give» mu' b praise to the curative power of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills. The subject of this testimony is Mrs. Richard Hanna, an estimable lady who baa resided In that locality for many
Among Canadian Colleges Alma affords highest advantages; five railroads and trolley ; best health record ; location in beautiful park in centre ot southerly Cana* dian city ; large measure of social attention from citizens; Collegiate Institute work I covered b> qualified staff; most thorough and successful Music Conservatory) lead» ry, pvt y ')p WATER.	ing Fine Art department—best studio; course in Oratory very successful in voice
1	i development ; practical business college course ; only Domestic Science School usin
Thirsty Lady—la there any water the individual system ; patronized by all the churches and by best families ; evangcR aboard f	leal spirit ; finest buildings, modern facilities, good board, largest average oumbe#
Captain, excursion boat—Only 'bout 0f students, and exceptionally moderate rates, four feet, mum; but please don’t tell anybody.

failure Is in reality tlhe truest success.
Can a yoking man succeed in farming? The first point to I
MtnA la'dfa h® Uke lt- , F" no °ne years. A reporter seeking an intercan succeed in a business for Which he view with Mrs. Hannafound her
(has a positive aversion. A man out of willing <ogive full details, which are place Inay manage to get a living, but he works mechanically, he is constantly looking at his watch and thinking uf bis salary. It matters not much what your work ie if it be bon- ^ enable and you like it.
Farming is the destined occupation of all men at birth, and he who for-mkee it for other pursuits must show substantial reasons for the departure to entitle him to encouragement.
the young tnun possessed of a fair | antl took a great quantity of medicine
strength and who has not an unmis- In th* meantime I thought myself that takable inclination and aptitude for death would soon end my sufferings, some other calling, no occupation of- One day Mrs. Smith, of Port Robinson
fere so sure and easy a path to eucceaa ["T 1° 8ee me an;' per'*lluded bus______. . w	band to procure for me some of Dr.
gikurture»	Williams' Pink Pills, and he purchas-
Daily exercise In the open air, con- ed six boxes. After taking the six
•tant contact wiVh the soil, u whole- boxes I had improved very much and
•txrne diet, the peaceful surroundings was able to bo up, though yet too weak
make the farmer's life a pre-eminently to walk. I sent for Another six/ boxes
healthy one, and surely health is one and as a result consider my cure
of the most important factors in sue- complete. I can relish food better,
I sleep soundly, and stand more fatigue
The time is soon coming—if not al- than I could for years previous. | Sundays tcn ||||||||||| ready here—when the farmers will be ' Although I have passed the meridian I To this house the Chief Rabbi grants the great middle-class, standing be-j of life I feel as healthy as when I was hie special permit every Pentecost to tween the few who are very rich and in my twenties. With great pleasure sell "Kosher" rum to thoee of the Jew- | the many who are poor.	and a grateful heart I give this ish community of the ncighbor-
We often hear it said, and that, too, testimony.	hood,
by farmers, that farming will not pay. The public is cautioned against num- Of course over ind above the regu-No business conducted as some farm- erous pink colored imitations of these Ijir customers, many people are at-era conduct theirs will pay, and it is j famous pills. The genuine are sold traded to this inn out of pure curio-the best evidence otf the remunerative , only in boxes, the wrapper around »'ty. The sight-seeing and novelty-nature of agriculture that so many which bears the words "Dr. Williams’ hunting American finds it out in his ore able to get a living out of it. They I Pink Pills for Pale people " If your j rambles. Should the curiosity-monger
ra;	tarr.'^TB .rœssMï
what you put into it and for the boxes for $2.50, by addressing the Dr *tern laws, he is courteously refused. Hali'h Catarrh Cure, amount of capital put into farming it Williams' Medicine Co„ Brôckville They are never caught napping, try F-J. CHhNK.Y & CO. Propi., Toledo, O.
Zi-------------------------------------------------------------couice, %%%%,
not lo W1 that rural life will debar	If a un tucm rnurrcc	In fdct« the Ifst carefully-compiled ions, and financially able to cany out any obli-	«Jo ,m. t..rm oi 10 w^k. Send for *petimen
bim from success or from the enjoy-	MAK1NU 1 HEM CONFESS.	rules concludes with an intimation F»tton m,do by their firm	»_f —tnan.<niP, etc.	w. r. dyer, rrmc.^j.
inanl und development of hia social and	--- thal such customers as do not care to a'wALDiNO* KwnÎm & MÎiïyT'w’howfi
Intellectual faculties.	Terrible Method* Adopted In France to conform thereto are "respectfully ire- DruggLtt, Toledo, O.
Kxlort a CoMfensleu From nu Arrived quested to transfer their custom to HaiT’a Catarrh Cure 1» taken internally, aet-
Jiah.	I gome other establishment."	ing directly upon the blood and nucouw sur-
face* of the ay* ter». Price, 75o. per bottle.
Bold by all druwg ste. ToMtimontals free.
Hall s Family Pille are the beet.
RELIANCE CIGAR * A CTO II Y .Montreal
La Toscana, 10c.

'
con-
m
R
given in her own words. Five years ago I was tv,ken ill. I attributed the trouble at the time to an injury |
sustained by a fall. Time went on and heart the cause of temperance,
I did not get better. The symptoms begs to call attention, etc., etc. Then
™r=: isliscpIiFSi
very nervous, had no appetite and ex- having consumed your one drink each, tie. RoMh, M	M
wrle-m ed much wakefulness at night, desire to "repeat the dose," you must eure*° “ rinallv I was ocampelled to take to my before you can possibly do so, go
longer £ tto "ondi- ion fwasTr^ away and atop away for at least thirty ed at different times by three doctors, or forty minutes. Then and then only
can you "have another.

FOR CATALOGUE ADDRESS
Principal.
REV. R. I. WARNER, fl. A
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
M
SO
m
Adeline, Duchess of Bedford, has a # g	t Be îî II
special permission from the Home Sec- H m g	7 ^ B 9 £1 3 fi 8LB
retary to visit convict prisons in which	wwmw W
women are confined, and she is known over England as the friend of women
She is the sister of Lady
DUTCHESS AND CONVICTS.
NO PERCEPTIBLE CHANGE.
Callow—They say that Sapped is not in his right mind.
Wilier—I dcxn't think that can bo so. I saw him to-day, and he appeared to be as crazy as usuaL
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, etc.
Every town can have a band
To
prisoners.
Henry Somerset the temperance apostle, but has curiously escaped the fame of the latter lady.
Lowest prices fver qu ot.ed Fine c»tsl ogue, 500 il lustration*. mailed free. Write u* for anything in Music or Muslosl IuetrumenU.
I *
As already stated; no smoking is allowed. One result of this strictly en-
WMALEY ROYCE A CO., • Toronto, Can
fiuve*!- rule (s that the atmosphere of the bar is wonderfully clear and fresh. Of course, no person will be served should he appear to be ever so slightly under the influence or alcohol, result is perfect order and a subdued quiet.
The hours of closing, too, differ from those of other houses "in the trade." Eleven o'clock sharp sees the house shut on five nights of the week. On Saturdays the hour is twelve, and on
Boiler Makers !
Fitters ! Lathe Hands I
W I» c ils.-,
LUBY’S
d m new life to tfe Hair, ft wakes it grow •nd r entorse tbs celer.
Sold by all druggists. 50c. a kettle.
R.
CALVERT'S
The
We can give good mechanics steady work, good wages, cool, well lighted,well-heateo shop, belt modern conveniences.
Brantford is a healthy, progressive city. Living cheap.
Carbolic Disinfectant- Soaps, Olnt nient, Tooth Piwdcn, etc.., Uare bim awarded 1U0 medal* and diploma* for supe. 1er excellence. Thtn r regular uno prevents Infecll-ous diflvaxe». Auk your d«-a,<*r to obtain • supply. Lints mailed free on application.
SNOWSTORM STARTED A FIRE.
In February of the present year a farmer living at Hvbuterne. Belgium, placed a quantity of quicklime near a shed on his farm, and left it there all I night. In the course of the night j snow fell onto the line, and the heat thus d vc I oped became so great that it set 1 be shed on fire, completely des-« ! troy ing it and its contents. The mat-| ter is simple enough when explained, but it would otherwise not be easy to regard a snowstorm as a probable cause of fire.
y
il
i
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
WATEROUS, Brantford, Canada.
MANCHESTER, • - ENGLAND.
»
Bot#! and lejfoe men oannjl afford to kg without the AtUomaVe Faucet Attaeh ment, as it pave font»#! f In one week draw log beer. No drip, no waste You only need one hand to draw beer with the Automatic butin
The Daweoq Commission Co., Limited,
Oor. Went-Market A Oelborne It, Toronto.
Cka gel yon beet prices for yow Apples. Butter, Eggr, Poultry, and other produce, if you ship it to them
Puna Steel and Aluminum. 4 flam/.Ie ro io, peng by mi,j for lue. Agent#
i*Ej< C0„ Broca ville, Ont.
PATENTS 1,roe,ire<1 10 S,1 euuatriea Designs
of rush you ean hold glasses In each hand, a. the Automatic if always ready. The Automatic draws the finest glass of beer au4 is used for any trade, as It pat# the kind of bead on the beer the! you want Price f 1 80 pre paid— money refunded if not satiafaa Hamilton MfgCo .Toroatg
V
PATENT
FOUNTAIN
1
How’s This?
Michigan land for Sale.
n
000 ACRES 0000 FARMING LANOS-ARJEN AC,
Ioeco,
On Michigan
8,
Ogemaw and Crawford Counties. Title peo .liuh'gan Central. Detroit A Mackinac and
reasonable terms Apply to
e Mo,pmbYFii Ka
BUSINESS SCHOOL.
i-1
t
ect-
K
Mich.

loh.
Catholic Frayer
ilo»Ko, Kauai iw u« u-
clflsce, loapu are, Knliciwus Picture*, 8t ainary, and Church Oru*ments, Eiuoational vrks. Mail orders rervhe prompt attention.	0. A J. 8A0LIIR A CO., Montreal.
FREE 10 *Ter7 boy aodgir) who sends us the r	full nan e and address of five boys of
girle(over 14years old) and their own address, we wi 1 award a handsome bicycle waist set, We require all who are awarded the to distribute K5 pkgx of our Lemonade Powde» and collect 5c per i>kg. Each package contains eu. ugh for ten glasses. Return the unouey to us by express, money order or postal note, and we will give you in addition to waist set a# elegant bracelet. In order to Induce promptness, to all who make returns Inside twelve day# from receipt of goods w« will furl her gi ve a Iqvw* ly stick pin. DOMINION .SUPPLY HOUSE 92 King tit. W., Hamilton, Ont.
HOW TO MAKE CATTLE FAY.
%
They litre strange and ghastly ways
8118-
waist se
I have been raising beef cattle for tie Iasi three year* and have found ^ extracting confessions from
pected criminals in France.
especially those who have failed
to be cured elsewhere, write te Dr. Aroott, Berlin who will convince yni beoun curey% u
Stammerers
Football Championship for 1895.
it more profitable than dairying, writes Geo. Madden. Dairying is all right if farmers are fixed for it. If you have dairy cows and creameries close by and a boy tc# take the milk to the creamery, then stay in the business.
fanners have half-bltx'd Dur ha ms or
The knowing ones are speculating Recently, a monk, Brother Flami- | on the foothball possibilities of the sea-
diau, Mas accused of the murder of a
f
MANUFACTURING CURIOS.
I
A MBEAVER BRAND’* Mackintosh
never hardens k is uuaranteed Water-Æar'MW. proof. Ask f r It,take no other, tiea-
é&ÇSfoStAr Tor *ubber tlloihiv# Ce» Montreal,
son Ottriwa is not likely to retain the honors of the championship, as
Queen's will put In a team sure to evidence against the accused was of smash all records, it is often the
the flimsiest character, but it was
A well-known curio expert states
Their nationalities
other noblemen.
that there are factories in Kurope for case the manufacture of all kinds of works !
so	that very slight causes will lose a vie-	of art that are likely to attract the	pOMMON SENSE	KILLS Roaches, Bed naCTIl	! Cl JMMFP RPCQIOM
misrepresented by the officials that	tor-v- 11 is stated that a painful corn	i collector. Modern articles of china	U tinge, Bats and Mice. Hold by all	WymiflfaR QfcWWlVn
made useless one of the best American ' are stamped with old marks so clever- Druggists, « SSI Queen W. Toronto.	j	NIMMO & HARRISON,
players. It follows that no team can	ly that even experts have been deceiv- 1 uiuiTC’Q	DMPQDUH CHIU	! AND shorthand oollboi,
hope to win I his year that neglects to	ed, says the Pottery Gazette. Arms	If ill Its#	rnUOrnU OUUn	raoF BuUdia#,Oor Yon«e end College su, Toronte.
ap!.',,“esr8s^ï. Xnr,; ‘w°l»*r.r..*.7gasasSKSESS tSStSSSSSSSSSSS
s:\te, sure, and painless remedy for during the same effect as the ravages	Jniggfo. LT	^	viœ eiaminaUeaa Oaeo entire year, day aad eveains.
of time.	Queen OltyOrugCo., 27* W#IHngton-#t. E., Toront# hrvA postal Nr bw l*f orua

little boy who had been his pupil. The
+7.
V
But 19 out of every 20
the populace was made to believe the monk a monster incarnate, suit was that a mob gathered outside the walls of the insecure prison in which he was confined and howled for his blood.
The re-
el her beef cattle. I have tried it with poor success. It is like attempting to get trotting horses from draft mares.
It ia very true that there are some good milkers among the Durham g and
other beef cows, but how many farm- t'heir system of extorting a confession ers sell off their poor milkers and buy by throwing open the window of the good on**, Xm coo out of 20. Why, |
litiau&t a g* « <1 miilker is too high in cLa lions of tho mob.
price, and how many of us have test- While the tumult was loudest, genera to find out if the cow is worth darmes entered Ms cell and fastened buying oar not ? Furthermore, if we a bandage over his eyes, had a tester and started out to buy then hustled into a cab and driven cows and drove into a farmer’s yard, slowly through the vcrowd, which surg-wouid we ask him his price on the ed about the vehicle and struck at the
cow first or would we ask him to let prisoner throtogh the open windows, thought the best thing he could do Us test h<*r first t lie will put a price The monk did not know that he was W(>uld be to marry a neighbor of his on her all right, but don’t show your being taken to a hospital where fresh who was reunited to have some baw-t es tier unless you have a good team. ! menial torture awaited him.	bees.
Jfow I think my plan a good one for While fcU eyes were still bandaged Meeting with no obstacles to his the average farmer. My herd con- the prisoner was led from the cab, Wooing he soon got. married, sisis of half-blood Dur ha ms and half through i massages and into a room. One of his first purchases he made native, as we call them. I have 12 Here the bandage was removed from with part of her money was a horse, cows. Out of the 12 I find I have six his eyes. He found himself in total ' When te brought it home he called out good butter cows. I take a Galloway darkness.	his wife to see it.
or Polled Angus bull and put him with	Suddenly there was a	blaze of light	After	admiring	It	she	said:	Well,
the 12 cows. 1 have, them come in	and the unhappy	monk	found himself	Sam,	if	It	hadna	been	for	my	siller
April 1 if I can and take the calves ; standing beside a bier, upon which lay wadnn hue been here, from six poor milkers along with their the body of the murdered boy., with Jenny. Sam replied, if it hadna been own. Each cow them has two calves, every ghastly wound gaping. Before he for yer siller, ye wadna hae been here 1 then milk my six good cows and co-uld gather bis wits a more horrible yersel make a nice lo»t of butter.	thing occurred; the body slowly turned
1 keep my calves iin the bam from its head and the eyes opened to stare the time they are born until they are fixedlj at the man accused of crime. j ^
sold, never letting them out. They The monk did not know that skilled Th6 11 Balmoral,” Free BUS run in the basement for exercise. I men had worked for hours to devise an ^	—	— —
only let them suck in the morning and apparatus which, by working upon the HOtOl CZirSlclk© evening. Before milking I run them muscles of the body, should produce in a boot stall, rihui thefm in there un-	the effect he had	seen,
til I milk my six cows. 1 then let the 1	While he looked	the monk found his
cows I have milked out. The calves 1 head seized from behind, while a ter-are turned out of t/hie box stall and ! rible voice vociferated: "Confess your In less thkn one week the strange i crime, yon murderer !” It was the calves will run to- their foster mothers Judge d’instruction—the magistrate— without any bother. When they are who thus sought to wring a confession done sucking, drive them, into the box from the horror-stricken man. stall again and turn all cows out on There did not come a confession, for
Give the calves all the oats Brother Flamidieu, who had sunk upon
his knees in an aw piteous sight of
l ¦
corns*
The officials began
It is nut neeedsary to have thousands to make money in grain «md stoexs. Ten to one hundred dollars carefully Invented on margin will net you same profit us one to five thousand dollar* v ill if yuu pur-1 uhaaeoutriglit. Write for pamphlet. . ANDERSON It CO., Stock and
- Wheat
SCHOOL OF MINING, KINGSTON.
A BLACK LIONESS.
A black lionms has been added to the collection of animals in t'he Jardin des Plantes in Paris. Lions of this color are- found only in the interior of the Sahara, and are scarce even there.
Affi'ifttcd to Queen s University Session begins Oot toher 4th. F<#ur years for degrees (B. He., E. M.) in (ll Me allurgy and Mining Engineering (2) Analytic#! Chemistry and Awyiny. and (3) Mineralogy ond Geology. Three years for diplomas. Shorter special Course# Graduate* have bo far secured employment immedA For calendar apply to
AND
Stocks
$5 Tires
explaining fully, F. 0
Investment Brokers, 10 Victoria St, Toronto.
GOODWIN. Director.

CARD INDEX
The only perfect system for keep Ing nainui asd addrritees. ee
W-gU Sample tray eutflt.. 90»
ALLAN LINE
He was
• • •
CANDID.
PER PAIR.
Double Tube*, give good service —Send In early—won't last long.
—Headquarters for
—Goodrich Single Tubes
- G. A J. Detachable,
—Morgan A Wright,
—Bloyolo Sundries, Saddles, Tubes, Ao.
Dealers’ prices on appl ication.
American Tire Co.,
164-168 King St. West,
TORONTO
A bachelor farmer a little past his finding himself hard up,

--r
ST. LAWRENCE ROUTE,
MONTREAL TO LIVERPOOL.
ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS

Specialty Mff.
Limited
113 and 124 bay St., TORONTO. Factory : Newmarket
Oe.,
The Oftiee
»
EVERY THURSDAY
a
32% Profits for the Month
From Muntr ...31 Aug ... 7 Hept L..14 Sept. 21 Sept 28 Sept
I
From Liverpool 17 Aug ...
24 Aug.
31 Aug..
7 Sept..
14 He A..
.. PARISIAN... ...BAVARIAN.. CALIFORNIAN
...TAINUI .
__PARISIAN..
e e e
e e e e
This l ompuiy, after pij ing the 4 per cent, monthly coupon* maturing August 1*.. have remaining a surplus of 'in per cent. Alter deducting expense* and the amount carried to the reserve fund there remains to the credit of the investors a surplus over dividend of 16 4-3 Any amount from $50 upwards received for l. tiTBook free, giving full particulars.
of 1 oronto,
orunto Ht
OF JULY
e • e e
• e e s # e e
•seeeeeee
see#
e s e e
ease*
Cabin Pasease $50 00 and upwards
ttw. Ix.ndond.rr,
Queenstown. $23.50.
For tickets and all information apply to local agent R
H. BOURLIcR, 77 Yonge St., Toronto, or H. A A. ALLAN, Montreal.
j>er cent, investment
The
Dominion Investment Company Canada Permanent Chamber^, 18 Tt
Dominion Line
ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS
Montreal end Quebec to Llverpeul, Large and fast Steamers Vancouver, Dominion, Scotsman. Cambroman.
Rates of passage First Cabin, $50 upwards ; leeesd Cabin, #35 ; Hteerage, $23.5$ end $J8 50 For further information apply to local agei.te. or
DAVID TORRANCE A CO.. General Agents.
17 St. Seen.ment SL. Montreal,
1
CET ™ ”” ""J	T V.A.t
Avood & Photo Engraving
^ J L.JONE5 LNG. C9 _
Ifr 8 10 ADELAIDE ST VV TORONTO
S '
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY.
PEERLESS"
IS THE
EARN =«5 BEST
selling one dozen Austrian Boie Stick Pina at 10 cents each, are imperisheble. pretty a»d easily sold. Sell them, retura tlie meaty, and we «end this valuable Meg In velvet lined case, by re
tt
Am Plan. #1 50A up.
European Plan. Rooms I from $1 a up G.T.R. Station, Mon real, (leo <’arslake4 «up
AVENUE HOUSE—
---—------------ per day.	_____
ST. JAMES' H0TEL..^r;!^^mW
Railway. First-class Commercial Hou#e profemente—Rates moderate
'Ll
l
Slii
Opp
rops.
Catarrh
of the nose, throat, stomach and bladder permanently cured Write for circula rate. 50c and $1 per box.
, Montreal.
"I

The Indian Catarrh Cure Co., 116 8t. James st ,
. 4
HARRIS
a	,ui$a
Uke any other -gel rEKELJUlHmmmmmmm|
Tli*
LEAD, COPPER, BRASS.
I
e
im
tale only Long Distance T* le; hens
WILLIAM ST., TORONTO.
Modern mi-
.LIMfTM


Halos
Mill* Mill* Barrieuirs.eto.. removed to Wenle y Bid as., Richmond ML W., Toronto.
Li sobers rnu.
LAW
BENT OF HIS INDUSTRY.
Mrs. de Cohen—I hear you’ve got a very industrious husband.
Laundress—Yes, mum; he’s always finding something for me to do.
Meme h pedal tv €•« Dept. Z, Toronto.
pasture.
and corn me»al they will eat. Have it in a box where they can get it at all j the times. Give them a little hay and corn fodder and they will be ready for the* butcher any time.
One advantage in using a Galloway or Angus bull is that their calves mature quicker than theme of any other breed, and by selling them when they ure eight or nine months old we get rid of them before winter seta in.
Last fall I sold 12 that averaged 810 tbs- wheu eight months old for #4.15 per hundred. This Is more than some two^vear-olds are worth. A black hornless calf of either of these breeds always tops the market.
TO AVERT CONTAGION.
To preveal contagion we should Iso-
FARM FOR SALE.
>ny of sorrow at his former pupil, bent forward and kissed the bare feet of the little lad and then prayed aloud.
Finding that no confession could be extorted from him. Brother Flamidieu was then hurried back to the prison, pursued by the .execrations of the student» and the
I
3!
withjfl m expense
nost disordered Stomxcb, Lüiu», Ne-vee. Liver, •ladder, Kidneys. Brain end Mrceib by________
HEALTH RESTORED
ONENIGH T wSiLntiX

198 At RES SITUATED
wile north e(
•trreburg, on:	— ,	.
O.T R ; the I-.nd slope* gently tywento *<.ntb nnd east ; fl|n Mgw uui|fA RQVAlCNtA
is » rich clay loam. In s guo<l state of enhivetion ; iht-ro IS Sg gMtMTum 2%	._. . ^ m_
r«‘l seres of orchard sol garden, about 2ë serve of	9	AfftuiOEl rO-OQ1,
gv d hardwood bush. cedar and yruoe he,Le around j rhicb Saves Invalid, snd Children, -nd also F« rs *u| buu'llrys, an 1 200 n.aple Ut#é fcorderltg 021 firm; 1 ar<1 ruhftillj Intacta vrHoe AiamnU and Debility hute tig and soft water st house; barn supplied with spring , Set^d all other treatment. It digests when a I oW water by hydraulic ram ; power wheel on barn ; abuul	j, rejected, eaves 80 time Its oeet tu medicine.
50 scree ef wheat, 41 mesdew, balance epi :ng crop ! farm cm be hought with or without crop. For terms address ISRAEL üRûiiMAN, New Dundee Ont.
in Waterloo Co., Wilmot Tp., Ont,: | New Dundee sud 5 miles south of r
cfAbfut <ÿsdpô&lyuAA
'fou/ds /J* /Htf Jk/ /Lo7k4/^c /c/ff
s. îoo.oqi
Cures of CenstfmB aSuIency. DispepAE gestion. Consumption, Diabetes. Bronohln., h-iS cas. Cough* Asthma, Catarrh, Phlegm, Dlarrt##
50 Years’ ST
ÊTJ2I
Haa
ndl
S MOW CASES. WALL CASES
NO WONDER,
Smell boy—I don’t wonder that wo-meti> hfeads bo often ache.
Little girl—Why t
Steiail boy—Every time they of their children they’ve got to mp Brome reason few not Letting them da what they want to. ,
Despondency,
ferrous Debility,

DuBarry & Co., S
London. W., alee in Paris. 14 Rue de A all 0ronm, Chemists, and Stores everywhere, in tioj
M ' L^ÆSrnt^Mtts'm	" g
*• I Agent» forCnoada: TheT/BntenCo.,Limited. Tc-'r-nt
Office and Bank Fixtures, Modern Store Fronts. Mirrors and Plate Glass. For low prices write
1

#ee any think
TORONTO SHOW CASE CO
»î ADELAIDE W., TORONTO, CAN.

%
/
Z
I

















###PAGE###4###

<
^- Y -
f
<
/
\
V

i
Mgr. Falcon ia, the new Papal delegate \ to Canada, is expected to arrive here early next month.
1000 Lambs TO WHOM IT
N|AY CONCERN:
Pontiac
Woollen
THE EQUITY.
in such form as to allow a comparison to bo made with those of 181)5 9ti, the last for which a Conservative Government was responsible.
They show that in 1890 the customs taxation collected from the people was 920,219,000; in 1899 it was 925,157,000.
They show that in 1890 the combined customs and excise taxation was $27,759,.
000; in 1899 it was 934,505,000.
They show that the rate of customs and II excise taxation in 1890 was $5 42 a head ; in 1899 it w as 90.50 a head.
They show that the total revenue collected in 1890 was $30,<>18,COO; in 1899 it was $44,098,000.
They show that the total expenditure in 1890 was $41,702,000; in 1899 it was
950.000.	000.
They show that in 1890 the administration of the Government services cost 98 14 a head of the population; in 1899, it cost 99.40.
They show the net public debt in 1890 to have been $258,497,000; in 1899 it was
9204.283.000.
The Liberal Government last year collected nearly seven millions more in customs and excise taxes than its predecessor, equal to $1.08 per head of population. It spent quite eight million dollars more, or $1 30 a head of population. It increased the net debt by $5,785,000, or over $1 a head of the population.
There is in these records proof that in every particular the ministers' pledges have been broken—were made to be broken.
And in the session just ended power
was taken by the Government to go be-1 Juno 1
yond all previous records, even its own.
Its majority in the ll use cf Commons
gave it authority to spend $G0,OO0,o00. |juj.. .»
It is Mr. Tarie s 14 next year."—Mon Heal Gazjtte.

WANTED.
SHAWVILLE, AUG, 24, 1#
Notice.
Farinera Imving hunks to dispose of this Season will do well to hold them until they get our priées, as they lire bound to be the highest that wil be paid.
JAS. ROHINSON,

I wish to Inform parties who may Imvv business to transact with me, that for the two weeks following Saturday next, the 19th last., I will beat Norway Hay, during which time I will In* prepared to execute any work that may he required in the cemetery at that place, such as repairing, cleaning, re lettering, etc.
EDITORIAL NOTES.
Gentlemen :
The Conservatives of Civ ton County,
Having tonight out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, I beg leave to state 1 hat I am prepared and in a position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with an order.
Nova Scotia, at a convention held on
gain selected ns
Buyer for Mr. Jamieson,
Renfrew.
August 21, 1899.
Thursday last. hn\ their candidates for the House of Com-
alex. McDonald.
Shaw ville, Aug. 15, 1800.
mons, the present members Sir t Tapper and A. C. Bell -l>y unanimous
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO
Mills
Trespass Notice.
TO ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN :
«
My Motto:
!
cnoice.
Prompt attention to business. No disappointments to patrons.
Car» run at Intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and tlfteeu minutes in the after noon, dally, Sundays included.
Walter Wellman, the well-known Arctic
explorer, has arrived at Tvomsav, Norway, after having successfully completed his explorations in Franz Josef land. The ' famed explorer claims to have made many important discoveries. As usual with s to the unknown north Mr. Well
I hereby forbid any person or persons from trespassing in any manner on or travelling across mv property, living Lots Nos. Hand 9 in the 4th range of the township of Thorne, as any one found so doin after this date will he prosecuted avvon law.
Thorne, July 29th, 1890.
Tlio only Establishment of its kind in the County.
My Determination :
To turn out 11 class of work that will hear successful comparison with the very best; a class of work that by Its stylish ami fash ionahle appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
Leave your Measure next
Close connections are made with nil Canadian Pacltlc and Uatlneao Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
/
r

J \
JOHN NOLAN
/
W. It. TAYLOR,
voyag
man's expedition encountered innumerable hardships during their absence, while the explorer himself, sustained a severe accident which nearly cost him
Siic.-TreaR.

CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc,
THE SECRETARY-TREASURER
In account with the Municipal Council of the
Township of Clarendon.
1
!
f
his life.
9
J. W. C0IV|BA, tailor.
Mr. Standish thinks that with a few improvements to our factories, and proper attention given to milk by the patrons, as we have already endeavored to point out, that the cheese manufactured in Pontiac would compare with any produced in the country. This is a pointer which those engaged in the business should weigh well before dismissing from their minds. It is a matter in which dollars and cents cut a conspicuous ligure.
DU
;
$3128 33 . 1525 35 . 3332 W 12 00 75 00 10 40
To cash on hand per Inst Audit
In collected taxes.....
Taxes per collection roll 1891)....
James Robinson, rebate on road-maker....
' * Cheque, Government bonus for road-maker.......
Road labor, 13A days at 80 cents, (Estate of Egan)
(McArthur's building, Main St.)
¦ • •
• • •
• •
• • •
• •
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
• •
• • • • e
Tenders Wanted.
o
$8082 25
Tenders Wanted for Booth Privileges on the Exhibition Grounds on the day of ! Always In Stock a the Exhibition. Eacli party to supply'his	large and well
own booth. Tenders to be in the hands of assorted Range the Secretary not later than the 13th Sep- | Cf. t cm her.
o
VU
1398
51	00 1 25
1	95 5 OO
02 00 10 00
2	00
52	90 2700 OO
225 20 7 2.) 4 00 4 50 4 00 4 50 11 90 0 00 7 45 2 50
By John Trvlford, privilege of road Receipt book to give out and express John Lester, repairs on road-maker.
Alex. Elliott, sr., on contract....
Thus. A. Elliott, contract......
Alex. N. Wilson, cm account of road-maker....
John Lester, repairs on road-maker............
V. Caldwell, hoard hill 10th June, 1898.......
Deposited in Dank of Ottawa Cash paid for road-maker .. .
Paid Smith A McDonald. .. .
Arthur Smiley, repairs on scrapers....
J. R. Horner, auditor...............
J. R. 11 orner, Shawville Council, 1 day U. maker
W. Hodgins, auditor..........
J. 51. ILdgins, lumber...........
John Si. Lewis, work under J. Sly
,1. A. Cowan, printing...........
< «uorge Bradford, four voters' list....
Express charges on same____
Telegram to 11. Ay leu......
Geo. Horner, attending II. McDowell and others Alex. V. Cameron, 14cedars Alex. S. Elliott, per J. Hart John Beaulieu, for 1 day’s work A. Mmphy Mr . James Findley, exemption on arrears.... Robt. McDowell on McGuire's bridge..
D. McRae, (per W.A. llodgins) scraper repairs
W. Elliott, repairs on Burch's creek bridge...
51. A. Hudgins, exemption of tax.......
W. V. Hudgins tm C. Hayes' bridge ..
Edward Hudgins (McJanet A McCleary)....
Robert Harris, repairs on (Juy on bridge..
A. Hudgins, old account ..................
Win. Palmer for lumber....................
Thomas Palmer, work on road-maker..........
William Findlay, work on Wilson's hill.......
James Belshar for cedars (per E. Hodgi ns)
A. N. Wils «il, balance work with road-maker... Agricultural cheque deposited in Ottawa Bank..
Deposited in Merchants' Bank, Shawville.......
Six months salary Sec.-Treas. up to Jan. 11, 99 Postage and Stationery up to 11th Jan'y, 1899..
• #
#*##*##
* * » *
10
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds,
Flannels,
Prints, &c.
E. GRAHAM,
Sec.-Treas.
Elmside. August 14. 1899.
JOHN YOUNG,
President
14
o~
The Americans have another grivance against Canada and it i> a curions one. The governor of Alaska issued an order that Alaska militiamen, (it appears they have militia in Alaska) were not to cross over into the Klondike in uniform with an excursion party. The Canadian noth orities had nothing to do w'th the prohibitory order but :.r is announced t hat .steps are to be hyken to prevent Canadian .soldiers « «V mounted police from going down to Skagway or Dyva in uniform.
-i
• •••••
• •
hi
Public Notice.
4
2t>
\
»)-
- «
I
SUPERIOR COURT.
It is the irony of fate that Sir W ilfrid | Aug. 2 Laurier, who is, more than any other l auadian statesman, friendly towards Uncle Sam, is to-day more roundly abused and ridiculed by Yankee papers than is any other Canadian.— Hamilton Herald.
Provinc e of Quebec, i District of Pontiac. !
Re. the succession of the late Dame Hannah Graham, in her lifetime of the township of Bristol, in the County and District of Pontiac, widow of the late James McJanet, in Ids lifetime of the same place, farmer.
Public notice is hereby given, that William McJanet. farmer ; Dame Mary MeJan-
a	.J%*e Goods are from
Bristol aforesaid : Malcolm David Martin i tilG DGSt OCOtcll English Blakely, clergyman, of the township of
Vlice, in the County of Renfrew, in the <*HQ O&HclCil&ll lURllllfRC" Province of Ontario, in Ids quality of Guardian of the persons and estates of 1 ac/O.
h ÏKîïÿÆ'teS: I	b.™ .elected .1,1, , ,1..
nah (iraham Blakely, Annie Janet Blak- supplying people with the class of good*
steve aawiariS — -t** «* ^ "...
Lelan, farmer, of the Township of Ross, in fit prices that must sell them when said County of Renfrew, in his quality of ammed Guardian to the person and estrte of Hannah Mary Mc i a* I Ian, a minor of said township of I{oss, will, on the seventeenth day ,	.	—— —	     .
of October next, 1899, apply to any of the	A	TTM MDITTlTC!
Honorable Judges of t lie Superior Court, at	«»¦	lLAwJJ IJa AN Q
the Court House, in the village of Bryson,
Pontiac at ten o,clock in the forenoon or so soon after as practicable, for Letters of Verification, establishing the rights of the heirs in the succession of said late Dame Hannah Graham.
*>
• •
5
• •
3
• • •
4
• •
4
K
<;
2t>
• • •
• • • •
Sept. 5 Oct. 14
The Sunny Ways in Diplomacy
14
• • # # # #
>n Wilfrid Laurier and his party uulisli. friends used to preach that the 44 hostile Tory government of Canada ” was the sole cause preventing complete and perfect agreement, on all matters, with our neighbors to tlu south, and that when the friendly Liberals " should come into
....'r-.T.r'lr : *? - sfflïi'S, &
some of an inieiioi qinuiU. I k l.ittci ora]s< lias been tryiug his 44 sunny ways he attributes chivtiy to improper treat- for three years, with the result that lie ment of milk on the part of patrons: in has got international feeling to such a other words, owing O tin- luck of aero- l*** that he professes himself afraid to
.	.	v .	, go to c lueago to participate m the laying
non or neglect ot Stirling sunicieiith, ,^ a j»o;ieofu!, jmst o trice corner-stone.
some milk is strongly charged with gas I sir Wilfrid's failure is complete enough
when it reaches the factory. In order to to teach him even something; hut we
get rid of this gas- (it is impossible after could wish that m international matters 1	.	lie would not proclaim his failure finite
the process of cheese making commences so ioUluv.—Halifax Herald.
get rid of the whole < >i it)—not only a
loss of time is incurred, but a détériora-
25
14
• • • •
During the past week Mi Government inspector of cheese and butter factories for the province, visited the vend factories in this section.
From what we have learned Mr. Staiulish

31
17
13 55
4 2<l 3 00
27
Nov. 4


so
so
9
• • •
• •
8 374 1 5o 1 20 lo OO
4	35 12 00
5	SO 27 50 13 80
1 25 3 75 5 00
1	50
2	90
75 00
1000 00 75 00 5 00
lti
19
* & * * »
i.
*>•>
ex-
28
Mrs
30
Dec. 5
• • •
i

é
• • •
12
• •
9
14
PROPRIETOR.
lb
• e
17
17
PORTAGE OU FORT
22
• e
Arthur McConnell,
Attorney for Petitioners.
23
23
ROLLER MILL
Bryson. July 2Uth, 18U9.
Tlie British Market.
31
tiuii in the value of the milk is occasion-
31
Valuable Property
The June reports of the trade and com-
31
ed, and these taken with the infenoi
product that must necessarily result, I »'«co department shows a decrease of 1	..	1 t i i	i i over four and one hall millions in the jn»
means m all a considerable loss, which value of Canada's exports for the fiscal
in part at least comes out of the pockets, year ended June Go, 1899, is compared
not only of the patrons who are resp-m- j with the preceding year namely, from
sihle for this state of things, but of those . H58,721»8|)I to $154,083,650.
....>" -h-iv l.« in	*T	SS»'?"
maker to pr<xluce a good <n tic^e. To the ceplionally high price in 1893. Imports latter, it is not necessary to point out, j for the last year totaled $152,530,700, an there is certainly ground for dissatisfac- increase of nearly twenty two and a half
« w ............
\\ liich he patronizes is not tinning out i tlie English market. At present the quality of cheese that will command the j ruling quotations are two cents above last
year's figures, and if this advance be maintained for the balance of the year it is estimated to yield the Canadian farmer an addition of four millions in the

1899.
IS AGAIN IN GOOD WORKING
ORDER FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF
1 28 3 OO 2 OO
1	OO
500 00
2	90 1 25
12 OO
John Stewart, 4 cedars, 32c.............
Alexander Workman, outside work.........
W, C. McDowell, outside work............
James Hart, trouble Burch's Creek bridge
Deposited in Merchants" Bank, Shawville......
II. K. Brownlee, plank for Knox’s Creek......
1 receipt book to give out receipts..........
R. McC. Ritchie, building and jury fund......
Post office order commission Deposited in Merchants’ Bank, Shawville Receipt book, vouchers Edward Dagg, allowed for Win. Hmlgins
Phone message to If. Aylen.............
Message from II. Aylen from Hull.......
Witnesses Sharpe, Reid and Lawson......
Telegram to Sharpe, Coulonge..........
Henry Aylen to pay stenographer........
Post office order for same.............
J. P. Carson, 24 days’ work............
John Dagg for cedars Message to Henry Aylen from Bryson.
P.ione to Bryson to ask for Aylen....
Alex. Elliott, balance of contract...
R >bert Armstrong, health officer....
Robert Cameron for cedars William Barber, plank and drawing cedars R W. Ralph, time at Hamilton’s bridge...
Henry B. Hodgi us, work on 5th range..
John Palmer, on account of cedars.......
James Armstrong, balance board of health
Thomas McFarlane, expenses..............
Mrs.James Goodwin 14 cords hardwood...
Wm Elliott, B. S. C. in full............
H. Matheson, outside work and disbursements. C. Caldwell, board bill up to and for April, 1899
John Palmer on account of cedars.............
Robt. Cameron, cedars for Robitaille’s bridge.. G. H. Bradford, 1 book Parliamentary Electors Mrs. J. W. Murphy, cedars for bridge..
Sec.-Treas’ salary up to July........
Postage and stationery...............
Uncollected taxes up to May 31st, 1899 Balance due, cash on hand............
3
• >
o
i
Valuable Farm Property for sale, being the S. E. Half of the N. E. Half of Lot No. 7 on the Fourth Range of Clarendon. containing fifty acres, more or less, all cleared. In an excellent state of cultivation and well watered.
premises ure erected a dwelling blew, sheds and other outbuildings. For further nartlruiar» apply to
REV. E. 8. MORRISON,
Hudson, P. Q.,
or H. MATHESON.
SLawville, Que.
3
• •
3
First class Flour
This
9
On the house, st a
19
20
28
A Call Solicited.
10
28
• ••• ••••
• •
• •
500 00
31
JOSEPH BROWN,
1 25

• •
• • • •
turn,
Proprietor.
1 50
11
25
11
Judicious
Advertising
35
16
The Celebrated . . .
And invariably he is dispos
3 00
20
best price, vd to blame the cheese maker, rather than
25
20
cs
NORTH WEST
M
20 16
27
his next neighbor, who Ls perhaps, the lpable party. We elucidate this particular feature merely to impress upon those who are patrons of factories the importance of doing their part thoroughly if they would look for the best and most satisfactory results. It is imperative that there should be no negligence on the
12
27
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
year's export.
2	50
3	m
Mar.
3
cu
4

#.**#**# ••••
25
18
15
21
Shawville
13 00
21
INCREASES BUSINESS EVERY MONTH IN THE YEAR.
5 OO
24
1 80
24
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient.
Therefore we need not dwell on their many merits. Suffice it to aay that anyone requiring a first-class article should call and them before purchasing any other kind. It will be to your interest to do so.
• • • • • e
* #
• •
4 68
31
• • • • •
General Supply Farm Machinery and Carriage
2 00
Apr. 4
part of any one, inasmuch as one impure of milk is sufficient to impair the quality of the contents of a cheese vat, on that particular day on which the cheese maker has the misfortune to weigh it in.
Mr. Standish also discovered some milk during his rounds that contained a suspiciously meagre percentage of butter fat, and as the usual test was applied to the milk of each patron in the several factor visited, it is altogether likely the parties whose milk was found in this poverty-1 Expresses, stricken condition will be asked to ex- Carriages, plain the whys and wherefores in regard BuoGIEg> thereto. Tampering w ith milk intended for market is rather a hazardous business for any one to engage, in view of the fact that milk inspectors—or in this connection they might be more correctly called fraud detectors—very often come along like thieves in the night, w hen | Straw Cvtters least expected, and pitilessly expose quittes of that character.
5 00
8
20 00
10
can
7 50 5 00
28
29
see
1 87£ 24 00“ 32 00 45 40 20 00 11 20
May 1
Depot.
1
1
5
Other Styles.
6
Merchants,
Mechanics,
o
6
We have several other styles of Stoves on hand, so that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
Farm Machinery (all kinds,) Waggons,
1 25
9
30 30 75 00
20
31
les
5 00
31

Tradesmen |
profit by the experience
of those who HAVE MADE IT PAY
and make
your business known to the public through
.	1026 04
.	1299 80
B. J. BLACK,
ACENT,
$8083 25
Carts,
o
\
We have duly examined the accounts and vouchers of your Secretary-Treasurer and have found them correct, showing a balance of $1299.80$ cash on hand on May 31st, 1899.
P. 8.—Lowest Prices.
Sewing Machines, Washing Machines, Wringers,
Churns.
FOR SALE OR TO RENT
J. R. Horner, Auditor. E. VV. Hoihüns, Auditor.
AT
STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES.
ASSETS.
UPPER THORNE CENTRE, QUE„
mi-
CoRN SHELLERS, Wheelbarrows.
I
PROPERTY lately occupied by
Deposited in Merchants’ Bank.............
“	“ Bank of Ottawa.............
Cash in hands of Sec. Treas. May 31, 1899. Arrears "f Taies uncollected • Balance.
82000 00 2775 OO 1299 80 1020 94 2010 58
o—
H Newham,
The Cash Record.
Everything required by ttje Farmer
in the line of machinery to lighten the work about his premises may bo got here.
• #
Consisting of one acre of land on which is built :
Building 26x36 with addition 12x18, used as a store and dwelling.
Building 20x60 (2 stories) used as a •tore-house.
The Equity
• e • •
a#»#»#*###*
The last shot of the session at the Government was fired by Mr. Foster. It recalled the pledgee on which the minishad taken office, and set out wherein
#*###*#»##*#
##»*##
• •
• •••••
$9112 33
"
whose circulation
is steady,
well established, and reaches
the people who buy
every week.
LIABILITIES.
Due County Council for Interest and Sinking
F und...................................
County Rate...............................
a———i————
they had failed to redeem them.
These pledges included promises to re . rpQ ]JUy a article, and an inspec-duce taxation, to decrease expenditure, to ^()Q 0f our Ht<x;k will show that we keep diminish public debt, to abolish railway J only the bust goods of the best makers.
to	an
omical administration.
The figure* of the financial year, 1898-	_ __ _	,	,
9$), the last for which the Liberal Go, A g jVl ILE Y. trrment i* respomlble have been iwued j	AT A A J-U k-J A
IT PAYS
87611 87
1500 46
There is also erected on property a summer kitchen, woodshed and oil house.
Ky Conveniently situated for a General Store.
89112 33
o
Prices that will sell.
We understand that the sum of $2775.00, which was deposited in the Bank of Ottawa, has been transferred to the Merchants Bank, Shawville, together with the interest which has accrued thereon.
For particulars apply to
W. W. IRELAND or, J. H. SHAW,
E. W. Honours, J. R. Horn kb.
| Auditors,
Shawville. Que.


###PAGE###5###

(#
l.V
\


/
< if

THE EQUITY,
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN SIV|ITI{, Proprietor.
s
M»jor f Jjrouard, of Soudan fame, spent last week in the Temiscamingue region, enjoying the excellent fishing to be had
there.
Mr. N. Link, of the Hawkesbury Lumber company, stated to a friend the other day that, although wages were fur higher than they have been fur years, the men were not forthcoming. Men are this year being paid from #18 to #24 per month in the woods, whereas last year the average would scarcely roach #13.
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
QUR STRENGTH
and Success
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT BHAWVILLP, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTIONS!.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages o paid, unless by special arrangement with ublisher.
The spot- spot for—
A Fashionable Hath Gut, Good Shampoo, or
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED
meats of all kinds
NOW IN STOCK.
A Clean Shavi
o
i*T Your Turn next
ADVERTISING RATES
LIES IN THE FACT THAT
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY of first insertion and four cents per line for I Ottawa each subsequent Insertion.	.	,	. '. ,	, . , ,
Business cards not exceeding one Inch In- 4,1 4 8 to >r ai,1,K *	h*1 warded every
¦erted at Hooper year.	I	1 "< day morning,
Looalannouncements inserted at tin* rate I-—-- - _____________ I Anothoi miraculous cure <>f an Ottawa
* i .*». «... * «..	$>«*- » yw »,.........	>...» *
SSSESr IE5S5SS sBttE&lsHs
Advertisements received Without Inslruc- --------------------- fell, severely injuting the tendon* ..f her
tlons accompanying them will he Inserted	i * i,. .	. i • i i .	, ,
until forbidden and charged for accordingly, c A MAPk AV R I	right knee, rendering her almost unable
Birth, marriage and death notices nob-	iVlMVfXMT , 0.0. L.,, to walk. Miss Mahoney visited the fam-
1 tailed free of charge. Obituary poetry three NOTARY PUBLI \ NOTARY FOR THE ous shrine (luring the recent pilgrimage cents per Hue.	I RELIANCE LOaN AND SAVINGS and returned yesterday completely cured.
CO.,OF ONTARIO.	The young lady is quite jubilant over her
Will be In Shawvllle on the first Tuesday Kood fortune, and although, tired after of every mont h and remain until Satur- her trip, she walked up from the train day morning following.	unassisted.
WE SHOW THE LARGEST and MOST VARIED STOCK OF CE|OAL MERCHANDISE
IN THE COUNTY !
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, 1 respectfully solicit a continuauce of the same.
Cure at Ste Anne
J. 0. McGUIRE.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
J \
%
and

JOB PRIM ING
JEWELLER
Our Lines are adapted to all classes.
a
ViiSSm
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
A HEI.BCT STOCK OK
WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SILVERWARE &	&c.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
District and Country.
Weston, Ont., Aug. 19.--The Moffatt stove woiks was entered by burglars A new school and convent was opened I about three o’clock this morning, and the at Maniwaki on Sunday, 13th inat.	| safe blown open but nothing very valu-
. able to thieves was taken, though the
r is a ii u la n a si n n W I	».	e7*	- ?eî5f.°^,ion °M firm will bo put to some inconvenience.
s» m§ Ae mCnClU^ntOf]j bs/^s| ifleUs|Uims j Mt\ A. McCauley, of Ixiik a Ferry, The game warn not worth the glycerine.
was drowned in the Gatineau river on The burglars counted upon the fact that Tuesday last.	the firm pays to-day. and expected to get
Several officials of the Ville Marie * haul. All they got was a cheque mado Dank were placed under arrest U,t by the Cleveland bicycle woiks in favor Thursday, charged with making a false of the Mcff.tt stove company for $250, statement to the Government.	a,ld ,ol"« coppers, medals and private
documents. The burglars also took some .	the well- Block certificates and insuiance papers.
a . m	M;	r , , known lumber broker of Ottawa, is dead These two last are not negotiable.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate | Hfter several weeks’ illness from broil of Victoria University, Toronto, Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
Office and Remihf.nce : J. II Armstrong’* House,
MAIN STREET - - 311AWVILLE.
Business Cards.
Ready for Fall :
MEDICAL.
ÜKi’A IKIN
a Speciality
SHAWVILLE, Q.
A Full Line of - -
Graduate of McGill University,
Will occupy the office of Dr. II. H. Knox during his absence.
?
Silicianes,
Brilliantines,
Plain and Figured Serges, Silks, Satins and Fancy Dress Lengths
^5s _Fof Fall Wear.
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and IIOOR

D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
Mi*. James T. Lambert
FACTORY.
Chesterville, Out., Aug. 19.—John McCadden, of Connaught, was found dead in bed under peculiar circumstances There have been several reports in circulation regarding his death. One to the effect that it was a case of suicide, and Whitworth & liestall’s mattress factory I another that it was purely accidental, at Toronto was destroyed by tiro on the	of the shooting deceased,
15th. Lrss #0,000. Three persons were is eaid» did ”°Vis0 ve,,y ear,y’ as badly injured w hile escaping from the I ^'ld ,l0t *)cen k'e.mg vv ei!. The re*t of liâmes	| the family were engaged about the farm.
On the return of one of his daughters to The great Sultana mine, owned by Mr. the house, she went upstairs, when, to f aluwell, has been sold by that gentle- fier horror, she found her father lying
man fc.r #450 000 to an English syndicate, dead, having been 6hot with the gun.
Mr. Cildwell remains a stock holder in The theory advanced as the cause of ihe new company.	death, is that he had been troubled a
The Canada Atlantic railway accident, *ood deal with sparrows around th»* reported in last issue, claimed its tenth house, and having been in the habit of
shouting them through Ins bedroom win
duw, accidentally shot himself while engaged in this pastime.
chit is
Mi . Charles Moore, who hag recently returned from the Yukon, says there is no truth in the rumored failure of Alex. McDonald, the “ King of the Klondike. '
ALL KINDS OF
interior & Exterior
M
f.
LEGAL.
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
K
KJ
BOOKBEMI BâlNÏILLB, L. L, L
I M
1
MAN V FA< 'TUBE I
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit Shawville every Monday
doors, sash, newel posts, dressed
LUMBER, &r. ftc, lock an<l made to order. LUMBER DRESSED AT POPCLARPRICES
K.j
WM. GAMBLE,
NEW BLOUSES.—We have just bought and placed in stock a nice lot of Blouses in Fancy Figured Sateen, Black Sateen, and Taffita.
c
BARRISTER, &c.,
159 Main Street,.........
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each mouth.
Office-over G. F. Hodglm»' Store. Main St.
McCIiEDIE & HODGIXS
H ULL.
Estimates furnished.
O
victim on Wednesday when Miss Ellen McDougall, (niece of the deceased Ryan girls) of Maniwaki, died ns the result of the severe scalding she received.
v
t’t
... ALT

aiitiii k mcconxell.
¦ Y
Stock for Fall represents keen judgment as to the! y wants of the buying public.	j
? <
A *##
A TTORNEY AT LAW. Main St. Hull,
Will beatShawvllhfirstThursday oicacb j at the Basilica, Ottawa, on October 22nd.
Many of the Catholic bishops, clergy and _	mem hers of the religious orders of that
Q EO» C. vV ïi I G S'flle Church will teke part in the ceremony.
7 I His Grace is now 67 years old
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
230 Main St, - Hull, Que,

FAIRBAIRN WAS A HERO
•Stevens Rifles::
V	» 4
Engineer of the Imperial Limited Once Received Recognition From Grateful Passengers.
Dan Fairbairn, the engineer of the “ Imperial Limited,' who was killed in the collision Tuesday morning, near Sudbury, was a hero. A few years ago Fail -bairn, when nearing a big trestle on the north shore of Lake Superior, discovered it to be on tire. His fireman jumped and escaped with slight injuries. Fairbairn
remembered the previous lives behind i GENTS WANTED—FOR “TIIE LIFE
him, stopped long enough to levuisu the Dewey, ” the world's greatest naval engine, which, with the baggage car, hero. By Murat Halstead, the lifelong
rhmKclfmmw, ,li=y height. »»,l ^	5%
engineer barely escaped, i he passen- inches; nearly Iou pages lialftone illustra-
gers, realizing the value of his se,vice, IZSml»&?''out«r"T"rC'Tl gave him a handsome testimonial.	| lifetime. Write quick. The Dominion Com-
pany, 3rd Floor Uaxton Bldg .Chicago.
t*r*

mouth
G. F. HODGINS’
I ÿare guaranteed to be
Departmental Store, j safe, solid,
---- I 6	-AJSTD
ACCURATE,
Private Robert S. Dunn, of No. 2 Company Royal Canadian regiment of infant-(Old Registry Of!^, opposite Court House.) I ry, which is now in camp below Rock-
Law business In District ot Pontiac attend- ! !'*&, (>ut., was drowned while bathing in ed tu.	tliu Ottawa river on Friday afternoon
X companion named Wilson nar rowly escaped the same fate.
g
P. S.-COMFORTERS-Sure sellers.
^ From tlio £	$6.00 44 Favorite99
$ to our most expensi ve “ Ideal.”
*t4	. —-,
I Thî "IDEAL" No. 44 is a fine rifle. $ |ONE OP OIK LEADERS, price only $10. ; J £ We guarantee it in every respect. Kotb- > « 5 iag cheap about it but the price.
Y Made regularly In .22. .25 and .32 cal- J | Tibre ri.n-ilre, .25-20 STEVENS, .32-10. J ¦ t< .38-55 and. 11-40 center-Ore.	» «
|| IN SPECIAL SIZES, S 12.00. J i
•b	Scxdsta?np for complete Catalog and	5*
ÿ	lland Book,	lT
|j.	STEVENS	ARMS AMD	TOOL	6Ç$, C
3	---- P. 0. Box
Z	CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
last
W. W. IRELAND,
?
Reports fiom Ogdcnshurg, say that very destructive forest fires have prevailed in parts of the adjacent country, and in the Adirondack*. In one place a thousand acres of country was devastated, notwithstanding the persistent and unabating efforts of the inhabitants to extinguish it.
Kingston, Ont., Aug., 17.—Mr. A. E.
Hastings, of this city, sues the Montreal Transportation company for $25,000. sa..s
llw husband was deck-hand on the tug	nut t() füUnd who ia able to stretch his
b run sun, burned near Alexandria Bay,	veracity to such an extent as to eay that
L 1 * *’ aiK was drowned while trying to	o he has seen laboring men in greater de-
y.scape from the burning boat. John	mand than they are at the present time.”
>eil, of Bedford, also sues for dam-	jfroni a)| parts of the north ur.d west the
agvs foi the drowning <»t his son.	calls for more labor are pouring in, and
Belleville, Ont., Aug. 19.—Mrs.	wages in consequence are considerably
flfoyes, a washerwoman, found $72 in	advanced. Five thousand men are want-
bills and a deposit receipt in a skirt	ed f°r the Rainy River, in newer On-
which she washed for Miss Dorsey. She	tario, in the Pigeon River district, and ,	—,
kept the money and secreted it in her	Manitoba. The classes of laboring men	—	ur21a#CwS1
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County house, which was searched by a police	are railroad men, ehantyraen, harvesters
Pontiac. Salesconducied In a business-like man, to whom she finally confessed. To*	teamsters, and, in short, any able bodied	vlStQMl	A UHITOS,
2:!"	- ----- - Kïïïtftist as Roofing or Evetrongliing.
sa-t-unsi.? SK8W5K1 “ I «™g."5	br"'
seventh concession Reach, was cutting on |ocai public improvements
fmirt Shflwvilh I gram< when a ne,ghbor *°f named Mill LOUri olldWVlllc, man shot off a rifle to frighten some girls
k	No- 276.	nearby. The ball entered young Arm
i 1 Meets thelth Wednes ®t,ong’8 lid? and Iod8ed there. Dre. j I day of every month. Bascome and Clarke removed it with con-
1/Court dues must be paid siderable difficulty, but do not give much I# promptly every month hope for the recovery of the young man.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds Mortgages, etc., executed legally mid tali* factorlly.
SHAWVILLE.
QUE
SHAWVILLE
f
? 4
Plaqing, Matching Dressing
R. MITCHELL,
Laborers Scarce
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, for the District of Pontiac. Office, Main St.,
Snawvllle.	...	.
Accounts collected and prornp', returns
made.
Go to
The Ottawa Citizen*of Wednesday last —Even the 4‘ oldest inhabitant ’ is
DALE BROS.
WILLIAM ELLIOIT
t>ailiff of the superior court
L> Shawville Que., respectfully solicits engagementsforany buslnest-ln connection ,
with all Courtsln the County. Collections
madeandp'-omptreturnsassured
and
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Stoves,
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Tinware,
GENERAL.
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
J. J. TURNER,
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. C0.$ Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
all demands supplied for
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
WM. BARBER
J obbing and Repairing
J. G. ELLIOTT

An Earthquake
GENERAL NEWS.
E
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stool?
!
PATENTS
HEIRESS TO A BIO ESTATE

Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
L.B.C
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. S. Barnett, F.B
Mrs. Palmer, of St. John, N. B. Makes an Important Discovery
Si promptly secured!
the purchasing public, the c.us, j ^tetor our interim, book. "Invent
or8 Help" and 44How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of rcur invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Fngtneers, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors in Applied Science!, Laval University, Members Patent Law Association. American Water Works Association, New England Water Works Assoc. P. u. Suiveyors Association, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineers.
j NEW YORK LIFE B’LD’C.t MONTREAL CAM.
( ATLANTIC BUILDING.. WASHINGTON, D C.
Tor into, Aug. 14.—The attorney gen-eial's department has ordered an inquest to be held into the mysterious drowning of Albert James, near Parry Sound, on August 7 h. A detective will not be sent
J. A. Cowan, R.8
Hugh Hobbs, C. R
being our very low prices
St. John, N. B., Aug. 14.—Mrs. Jos.
8. Palmer, who resides w ith her two sons l I ou* to investigate until further orders are I on King street, west side, accidentally received from the Parry Sound crown at* discovered yesterday that she was a di-torney. It is said James was drowned in rect heir to the property now valued at I five feet of water in the presence of aev* two hundred million dollars granted by p I @ si people.	I the United States government to the heirs
t , of General Hugh Mercer, who died in The Observer says -Mr. John Oatroro, 11777 of rounds received at the battle of
the well-known mine owner and 1 timber
HOTELS.
DALE BROS.
The Farmer

SHAWVILLE, QUE-
Highest Prices paid lor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
St. Lawrence Hall,
will find us prepared to supply hit every need. We have everythin? he requires from a plough to of clothes.
. s.
• 9
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress*
a suit
ZSSrwS
Ostrom was m 1 embroke and purchased ward Island, and Mrs. Purvis^ of
Mr. J. U. Bromley s residence on Com Washington, Miss A. Brother lives on the
mere J ®,re* ? tbe p^,ce Pald being John river, and other heirs are a $2,000. Mr. Ostrom and wife and daugh
(an only child) will not remote
Pembroke till next March. They
members of the Methodist church
Ostrom left for home yesterday
and Mrs. Ostrom are still young.
The Housewife
PARK FOR SALE
At a Bargain.
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was nexer so large and complete. We have everything eht may require to make the home happy and comfortable.
OFFICES
PONTIAC HOUsp
family of Mercers at Mercer settlement The undersigned offers for sale a farm
-1	EEFSB5E5
Chicago, when a committee was appoint ance bush. Log house, ham and stable ed to go to Springfield, Ohio, to look into vrccted on the premises which are well the report of P. P. Mast, who was ap- watered and situated one mile from school
**	y;-: SEEBEB>£: "iS
Palmer will communicate with the Chi* |	W. J. 1IODGINS,
Bonli«j(l Ont
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
ter
ü
are

»
Mr

In Conclusion,
Mr



Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up to date general store.
came very nearly being a victim of asphyx i at ion on Wednesday. He was at hid	. -
chainl>ers in the court house on that day | 0A8° be,ls at once
his duties, and in some the rubber tubing that carries the gas to a lamp on his desk became disconnected | Agent or gave way and the gas escaoud just in front of and all about him. He did not notice it, and although the windows were open he was found in the evening in an unconscious condition. The judge is recovering rapidly and will be able to be out again in a day or two»
Trade Marks Designs
rrFTY^ Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description mey quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention is probably patentable. Communication# mtrlct I y cnnddentlal. Handbook on Patenta sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.
Patente taken through Mann A Do. receive tptcial notice, without charge. In the
I
SiLAS YOTJNG
Starke’s Corners.
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
I
Did you ever think of handlir.g
our latest work “ The Light of Life ” Î
If not, now is a good time to start.
$3.00 a day sure ; some make twice
that. Experience or capital unnecessary.
BRADLEY GARRETSON CO., LTD.,
Brantford, Out.
Scientific American.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. largest circulation of any scientific Journal. Terms. #3 a year ; four months, $1. Sold by all newsdealers.
MUNN « Co.’"-"- New Tort
Branch Office J25 i SU. Washington, D. C. ,
The undersigned offers for sale his tie-property situated on Main street, fie. opposite theBank. For terms and particulars apply to
sirahle
Shawvi
To PATENT Good Idias

may be secured by onr aid. Address.
THE PATENT RECORD, Baltimore. Md
SHAWVILLE. P.Q.
C. CALDWELL, • .
SILAS YOUNG,
Parkman P, O,
¦ '»0PRIET0R




###PAGE###6###




Art77 S v4A/> rM/AZ/ATA.
##+#+####+##*+****++»++++ I start to grow at once. When the)
à J I kave made an inch or more of growth,
? I	XAaving^hn g hiss off each day
>ILj I fan endure* it without “wilting,1 then +#*++1 K/v* full eunlight. Do not water
I touch “wl^Surrtd* Always' ueéVke-1 PURE WATER ANT) PLENTY OF IT. , In spite of oar inherited notions to ^arm water—soapsuds if obtainable. ihe plan bore described hae given me
the test of their altar inscrit., ion -'to Ith* rontrar-v' the"'8 no m"re	found ‘remove ^'y tan d' ’you "wm Itot	“lUCtt,''tK,n “nd	benefil
the	unknown	tied,"	he	com t,a ted	a	ln m:,k,n« >uy than 11 n?	othBr klnd ot fail to have beautiful roeee by follow-	lbau the same amount id	money ex
I	preserves, for when you	do the right I ing these met loda, and always remem-	pended in any other line,	writes A
thing from beginning to	end It1» sure I her that a plant just starting growth	D. liaxuee
or while resting oan be killed easier
t°° much water than pertm* ,	. ^
been doubters and skeptics concerning	I ^	'011 hive to buy	>“ui fru t, go I ot her way, while a plant growing vig-	a Wv^	through	boulders	and clay, #nc
the Deity and the future life since the	iu<ÿt	as Rood for jelly	as you do for	orously must be well supplied. While	put	in	whnt Is	willed	a	drive well
rjs r r:. t	r-r
things	it	is	as	true	now	as	it	was	in |	out of half-grown culled fruit ; but | a little ashes has been added is t>eat.	1 0reeled a low tower and	put up a
Always cut the flowers before they	windmill. I then went about 80 ft
fully expand, removing 8 or 4 inches of |	down the incline of the hill	and made
,	. :,	... ...	..	,	....	. the stem. Unless this is faithfully fol-
and that which is done is that which	8l,,os	1 “ls ( *le larger the fruit the more	lowed, your plants will soon be worth-
aba 11 be done ; and there is no new	Juipe	** makes. So if	you raise your	lees. I have seen a single rose, left	a1l<1	15	ft* <*<*!»
thine under the sun " Th. rhi«i dif- own fruit, it is tetter monomv to use on. *he Mont until its petals dropped, rough stone wall 2 ft thick, laying thd fereTc beUeen 1 «Jderu lull -,1s for m,r,naiad, than jell,. I rtt,n <*«	of the plant
Wash currants in cold water before

of grape# growing at that point. Of course ringing 1# a thing that can only be dune to a limited extent, and the experiments can only be tried, on scattering branche#. It is evident that all ih il 1 f the vine below the cut
will suffer tbs following year and that I for the purpose of sending people te
the entire vine ite.lt would be i»rm- the mountain, and eeuahore end the anent ly injured and ; su hap# destroyed if the practice were made at all.,,	.	¦¦¦¦¦¦
general. A# an interesting experiment I ewt‘llunbus geewbUibus, * meaning however, to be made on Branches that I Ain't it awful f" one thinks of removing anyhow, a trial
study to those curious in such mat-1 'e*n fuI ltlti purpose mi telling thlH tors.__________ I future movements of the weathei
which the weather never makes.
Breeze—An atmospherical conditio:
00000000000000000000^- th# I
HH00HH0HI^HHHI***atbei	on a cold dsy
Mr*. Wriggle—Where shall I I which stays away for the purpose of down this $ 10 that you pu id yesterday making the weather hotter on a hot .
Ijt‘ft Bis > a me—Lady — A gent le-1 change your wilted collar."
Thermometer — A thirst-producing 1 Maul—Oh, yes’m. | machine invented for the benefit of
drug stores. When bung on the outei
i',.,. STB	»«.. ,-»ir;'SJi£3SrS3S1î,.iSÏ& « '
you wouldn t put your knife in your drink. From the Latin words "Jump* m *uih when you eat. An 1*Sv'fpf<‘ jumcshyhiokyUus," meaning "The mors wouUl yez li«v uie put it said Pat in I climb the more you kick." astonishment, in m** eyes i	I Weather zftun—A species of torture
Miss Howler, who sings(f)—That gen-| invented for the purpose of saying
"cooler weather westerly to-morrow^" Supposed to be the only living relic of the Portuguese words Guessa gain," meaning "The air is so full of climate that I cannot find the weather."
Seashore—A disease which breaks
WARM WEATHER DEFINITIONS.
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
About the House.
It w about tûtrty years since Huxley ia^vnted the term agnosticism. It
la «ore .than thirty centuries since the thing agnosticism first began to reveal itself If ill, eidrtxased the men of Athens on
Hww Owe Way iaOereiaag the Bwlieilai
la Three Haye»
Heat—A system arranged by nature
un-
JELLY MAKING
When Paul, on Mars
hospital. From the Latin words,
form of unbelief which had appeared In the world agea before Cecropa laid the foundations of Attica
1’rediotion—A plan of prophecy in-
8u<ne J(X) ft. from my house on top of a high hill I drilled
to “come’* and come fine, too.
There have
SUMMER SMILES.
which arrives in time to
Solomons days that “the thing that never can give jelly any finer fin-bath been it is that which shall be, vor than the fruit itself has; and be-
a large excavatum 18 ft. in diameter
Huh» I lined with a

man called, you say T Did he leave any name f Parlor lie said it was Immaterial
part Hext the earth in mortar and that
portion toward the center in cement. The bottom was paved with cobble-Be very careful in the selection of I atones and cement, and the sides were ' I p cturee for the children's bed-room or carefully cemented
• ini the ancient is that, through the
printing press, the improved agencies I you i,ivk them from the stems; and of communication and distribution and | strawberries before they are hulled
'le general advances in scivnee ivlllzation, the preachers of unbe- Neither strawberries nor red raspber-Lef have a broader field from which rLpa wil1 make a jelly that Is firm o gather arguments, or what passes enough to keep its shape when turned for arguments among the unthinking, out	bowl, but by using one-
and they appeal to an immensely larg- | Quarter part red currants, it will er audience.
A CHILD S FEAR OF PICTURES
The excavatum
the nursery. Remember that the lives was covered with oak sleepers sud of little children are made glad or sad three inch boards. The whole was by what they have about them
One little child would never go to I the exception of a manhole in the ceu-sleep in her little crib, if left alone; | tea* ti ft square, even before she could talk plainly she
would ory unless some one was near. I from the pump to the reservoir, in a The mother had tried in many ways 11-4-in. pipe from my buildings to the to make the child less timid, but she bottom of this reservoir, keeping it at finally gave up and	sat beside her	I all points 4 ft. under the sura fee of the
every night until she	was in a sound	ground.	At the lower end of this
S*
two distinct strands running	Don't	bare	a	thin dish or an iron	8e"alb,e auntle. came	to visit mamma,	meter.	One goes to Uhe cellar under
Book o,	,„o„	in	„,b,.	bn,	„„	,»
use earthen, stone or graniteware. Lh	’	8	barn and the ember to my packing
Use the least water you can In cook- ,	but the pi lfu cry of the house. 1 also have a 60-ft. hose and
-, “•	« «— - r.w„,„	£r«is‘bS
ana quinces must have considerable, up	was in the land of	dreams. Then	is 60 ft. about the hydrant the pressure
to about half their depth, but there	aunt‘® reached up over baby's crib and	is very good. The hose can be used
tione of biblical history, though it has Ls no need of using any with currants	f,om tke wh11 11 colored picture of for washing carriages, carets, rugs,
-	TT ‘ni " - — -« -	sss
and can not affect, the value of the and heat them over iw slow fire until	Picture of this name bad wolf, with	and in case of fire water could	be
Bible as a revelation of the Word of the juice runs freely before you put in	w‘de open mouth preparing to eat up	thrown into any room- in the house	or
God. Geddes, De Wette, Hupfeld and the rest	1good old grandma. Auntie watch- on the roof of any of the farm build-
milrm,4— "	,M*1: •*‘ik — « -	aasruft?»-- -
e Hausen of the present day, have loose-threaded linen towelling, and	would be noticed by Miss Baby, and	continuously, and as the reservoir	muu	li m—evidently g	clerical error—
worked this field, aud the libraries of one-half as large out of cheat» cheese-	?*• put her in,° her orib herself, say-	bolds about 500 barrels, the water	is	“	“?*a“l 1W iwr cant.	Correct it ac-
literature, called the higher criticism cloth.	I *nV very lovingly, "Good night, dar- always pure. It is just as fresh Bfl lVgly	kttV® tb® Ieller pub-
of	the Bible have been the	result. But	WheP fpuit is rooked, wring the	{'**} aunt>® going	into the next	when it came from the well. The by,,	__ •	......	.	hnen bag out of hot water: pour in	f°°m now* Baby sat	up in her crib,	drants cut off tire waiter below the Bigg*—1 understand Blinks has join-
there is nothing prejudicial to Chris- the fruit and hang it in a warm place I,ooked for the dreaded pictures and surface of the ground, so that it never ed the non-,resting olub. tunny in the labors of these scholars, where it can drain into a crock or i Wl8ely n<*lded her curly bead as she gets warm, nor does it freeze.	i ^as on|y lak n th L .
even assuming that their revelations (1*eP bowl. After the fruit has drain- looted her tiny finger to the vacant My plant cost mo about $KM). The piggs-1 d. n't undersuind ** if,
:: :r^ir;,sr %	"S a rïSSî: £E,™ ¦«35
liam Robertson Smith, of England, who it gently with the hands, but never aaleePe *ou may be KUre that those through stiff clay, and the piping was	I ern Heanianhere
died recently, belonged to one of the "/nig it. It does not mike a particle ! PI0t,ure® were never rehung, but were more than would be necessary in many] t,urnes, to Spencer, who has told one	^	n# f .	.
orthodox churches, as do rhem* „nd of dlff«rence what kind of jelly you reP,ja°®<l by others which did not sug- cases. If it is desirable I can turn on of his best juries—Ha, ha 1 Do you th*' gre<al na ling-stations of Iceland Driver atm	D • “re 5nakinR : if you twist and wring g*®1 anything disagreeable either to « small stream ami let it run night know, Spencer, I always did like that and Nurway’ V*lal,y constructed
ïSphë§ mmmv^r- pitipssiiisg.
U 1 Uu ^ tlu B aihmg^ oi the inspira-, Be just as particular to use granu-	““	,,f 1	C<1? bo supplied by this	...	. . ,	but an immense iron bar, more than
tion—of the Old Testament as far as lated sugar us good fruit. Coffee Written by the l>eke of Marlborough at wonderfully handy system at a cost of	831(1 31188 Cayenne, 1 don t think	. .	w«n<re nr
any of the investigators who have sl,gar has a coarso, disagreeable flav-1	the Bailie ef KieuUetiu.	not to exceed |*JOO to $250.	ji should care to vote. Public affairs f	,	,	. ...
m ike elh.iustn and Briggs that an,|U5urrant^ s} ur re^	raspberries	Blenheim House. On the paper are a	keep country ronds in a much better ciety.	filed, sharp and pointed so as to pene-
Robert G. Ingeraoil and the other in- We forgot to^y1*that	i.iivhn	dozon lines scribbled in pencil. They	condition than most of them are at Mrs. Jones—Your son	Thomas sick?	trate the whale's body. It is loaded
fidels of the past fifty years have ob- a better flavor if* you cook	about one-	were written by the Duke of Marlbor-	present. The individual can afford to | I’m sorry to bear that.	Mrs. Greene	wil*." (^Ih llhl u ,<s lllt1' gvhviaU' Vvl'
tained the weapons which they used (bird of the pits with the fruit.	ough at the close of the fierce struggle	do road mending on the same principle	—Yes. The poor fellow was out	" A man*with steady nerves and quick
against the church. Lacking ike sc hoi- Sll«a ®?uurJt !6 . :in 1 weiFb the	at Blenheim.	that he repairs fences and buildings,	painting the town, as I have since	aim is	nt the cannon, and in an
arship and the reveience of those in- t^e ju*ice over the fire^n i	The tumult of battle was rolling "It pays me. ’ And a land owner ought j been informed by young Slater, who inutanl there is a flash, and the great
vc.s! igators, the Ingersolis totally mis- lined or granite kettle. Boll the juice westward, where French and Bavar- to feel as muc-h shame, even guilt, be- live8 nex{ door aud I’m afraid	‘*s l,u 1 U ,l ! b"',igh tb8 8|r.
mm,mm mmm	ta hfitoa
bave Ihctight that year ought to be = tl<?/ »Ur carefully untU it is dissolved, wounded. , L '	It is not necessary to wait for the 8rand climax. If Bhe »s not superior	too id™
and just as soon as it boils, jraw the	Marlborough, with the excite- road-working season to some. The to man, why was she created last? " \vh.xn ih« caiumn i»' firmd
kettle to the back of the stove. A ment of the great light yet strong most profitable, common sense work Henuy Peck—Well, my dear, I sup- ,	n l th whflle htnMn‘ lo
quart pitcher is handier than a dipper	within him, pulled up his horse on	one	c8n be put in a little at a time, if at	pose—er— that He wanted to be able	? vm	’ with t^ruler thin hid* th#
it, it remains to this day on the roll to fill the bowls and glasses from, and	ot the little rustic bridges across	the	the right time. Drainage is the be-	to attend to the whole affair of créa-	h_ *	fhw riizht thrnmrh ti.n hnriv
of common years. Moreover, Darwin 8bo"ld be hot so the jelly will not set Schw'anbuch, and scribbled these dozen | gitndiig and the ending uf the whole tion Himself.	\tht rone holding (he wounded creature
i	5^,^ :heett: :r
and his principal disciples in the | the jelly dishes in cold water before scrap of paper from some member of standing water, yet it is a very aim- children going home from school, rhe . .	.	*	.	,	n-
-*»——»	...	E	SS-sSxS
among the pillais of the church. In- This wax is better as well as more con- ing-desk. He had been seventeen j «>ilI washed down against the end of a	rui1 ov*r- _,Th® girl Jones was r® a , ‘ r	rh«
gersoll was far below Voltaire and renient than a paper wet in brandy, hours in the saddle, moat of that time 8^ice may choke it up till it is worse bad,y injured, and died an hour »fter-	™lwfri into the harbor nnd
SSSiii ! SKtS --------------------------------------------------
ferences, which, superficially, seemed and can lie used year after year if it testimony to that serenely unshake-j mon to see water following the wheel	‘h ‘ b 1 "
to assail divine revelation, and which 18 washed and dried when the jelly is able temperament which was Marlbor- rul for rod8. When a man with half an
sr.Ml"!; w	""T	E'”*——- -—.............................................................................
than they possessed But the sneers vGR0VV R0SElS 1N ]HE HOUSE.	ditch, perhaps down a bank,
and scoffs of the Infidels have not the In the first place procure good plants.	WORDS THAT LIVE.	Dropping into a had hole or soft .
ËE^is:Eiüi mS
such patching were thus well kept up earl>* Tergian Empire appears to be the otber Sunday. 1( is • force quite the yearly toll of public service would first which adopted it as an imperial 8part from that which everybody sees, count more and more toward the good emblem. Among the Greeks the eagle rro,nj tbe army contingent, the police
uîktij This View" tteeasubjfrtnis T* lhe tmbletu ofJove- The Homans and the reserve l***1 tbe ci^ Kuard’ no in.-re than one feature of practical “ ^ adoPted eagle as their aland- purposely displayed and serving above
farming intelligence, economy, a mere) ?> aQ<i, 8°. l? 1)60 8	token of | all for decoration. This service ihat
looking out for number one, no mat-	«V™ 01011- xvh- u t ons!an line ni>body sees is composed of 2t> persons
ter how many others are also bene- u h™ i	he »«lop1ed the dou- in permanent service, and ot 60 per-
F *rssurss«5
Î;1’«inaan Hnap|r# came into being third service, whose mysterious role .	..	.	,	.Bvelfm century this emblem |a denied by the police. All this ma-
Among the many artificial expedi- was rcvivovi as being that of tbe lloly chinery, which M Loubet's predeces-ents for making plants do as one Btm&x Lnpire, ain, Rudolph of Haps- B0,r kept inconstant occupation, seems wishes, that of girdling or ringing the g a	B j18 bn imperial arms, formidable and complicated in the
grape, which ie now aud th<m practic- U, %	nu ^Then Cxa? %	eouaign never to
ed by horticulturists, is not the least Avam Bits-ioviLch man Princess So- i0fle 8igbt 0( him< makes M. Loubet,
curious and interesting, says the Home- I>b a> °f lue e.evenih Constantine they say, positively miserable. __
an i :ut* last of the Byzwntine Lmper- escaped from them the other day, and
it gave rise to an amusing incident. There was consternation. All the bicycles of the pa£pe were set in motion; there was riding hillier and you, and nearly rousing lhe city, when M. Loubet was discovered profile na din g the (A»t Schwei-nfurt, Bavaria, is bne of J avenue of the Champ# Klysees in quiet the largest of the world's mamufac- conversation with his son.
and and (ir> them both on a soft cloth
covered with two feet of earth, with
tivman you just| Lut roduved me to said
he would give anything if he had my
voice
he follow ? eer.
By the way, what business does |.. Friend—He's an auetion-
Tbe water is conducted underground
be
Rub the down off from peaches and
quinces with a dry cloth ; cut out the Not all that peases for unbelief, how- blossom ends and
Dismal Dawson—What made yer
swipe dat blot of calicker when yer I out violently when the weather gets might jest ez easy pinched a wad of warm, and costs from $3 to $10 per silk f Weary W illie—Why me feelin’s day to cure, according to She size ot sorter went out ter dis stuff. It don't Itb<> hotel and the location of the room, wash, yer know.	| Also a remote place where everythin#
is cdld till you get there. Derivea . from the French words "Sichim et 18 soakhim,". meaning "Take your bank Lawyer, sarcastically — account with you if you don't care to Kindly rememlwr madam, that every | walk back " moment you gain now will be to your advantage.
stems, as well as
ever, belongs In that category. When] black and knotty spots, from crab-Jean Astruo, more than
a century apples and quinces, and then cut the ago, discovered, or thought he discov-| fruit in quarters, ered
Lawyer—What is your age, madam# Fair	witness—I am—er— that

Genesis, he opened a field of biblical criticism which has been worked with
Cool spot—A peculiarity of everybody’s house except your own in hot Mrs. De Tanque—You horrid wretchl] weather, if you let them tell it
ïsl’zzsx1 its 3“-'Jtm-s
shir; 1 m, hie, proud of it. Ain't **	'
many fellows h can fin* th’ way home when they're full's this.
wonderful persistency and ingenuity ever since, and which has had a profound influence on the older convep-
A
4
To-morrow—A remote period of lime used as a guess foundation by th* HpH '	WÊI weather man. A twin brother to Nev-
tlt rk—Ibis man writes that he feels ] ear and a second cousin to I Don't
10 per cent better since he began to I Think. From the Greek words "More
Patent Medicine £w*u" ^^apsibus," meaning "It wilf
WHALING AT SNOOK'S ARM.
Boggs—He I The levlathimt #f the Deep Are Mew
Milled by Kelenflflr Appliance*.
irtTi
At Snook's Arm, on the east const of Newfoundland, is a scientific whal-
ing-station, the only one in the West-
Hero, as well as at
is
marked 1 in the calendar, and time be reckoned backward and forward from
United States and England, many of
• TA
IMPERIAL ARMS.
LOUBET’S GUARD.
Arras of	nnd Antlrl».
Twenty Private Detectives Attend Bins
Day nnd Night.
Thta eagle, as an emblem of author-
The secret force charged to protect
tm pos-
in which it exists than it had in any previous age of the world of Christ, unnoted by the Roman writers of the day, overshadows all the other events in the reign of Augustus, and is still the central fact in the world’s history.

The birth
removing the wrappings in lukewarm water for two or three hours fertile garden soil well enriched with
Very
BUSY CROOK.
<•“ t-rr" t"" « ¦”¦¦¦ " .dS.t.’SLts/asrs %%
should be thoroughly heated in the o’, en ferenl acts of fraud. For his indus-the day before being used, to destroy « try and enthusiasm in the cause of dis-insects. Pint tin cans are much bet- honesty he was sentenced to 189 years'
imprisonmnent.
ter than pots to grow house roses, for they do not dry out so easily. The tope can be removed by turning upside down
on a hot coal fire, leaving them in just I that 90,000 Britons have lost one or long enough to melt the solder around	ie8s’
the rim. lake them out with a poker j Only 70 years have elapsed since the
and give a sharp rap with the stove first railway in the world was finish-
handle, when the top will fly off. Cut | ed. During that comparatively brief a hole an inch square in lhe byttom period 400000 miles have been con-vvith a chisel and cover with a flat structed, the British Empire account stone. Roses abhor a wet or soggy Lng for about one-sixth.
iTa 'potUi. just a8'de“mënuT “o Deughtei-Pgpa went off in great
their health.	good humor this morning. Mother— . .	_	..	. t
Cut the tops back about one-half,	Mÿ	goodness ! That reminds me;	I for- j	r,t*‘™ng. Its	effect is to hasten	the
trim to a good shape and cut out all	got	to ask him for any money.	|	ripening by a	week or two, and to	in-
broken and misshapen roots. Set the i Mr. Penn— One physician says that crease the size of the fruit. The sap
piano half an inch lower than they l	the	tramp instinct is a disease.	Mr.	ascends through the pores of the wood
were before and shape the earth well «	Pitt—Does he recommend a change of	¦
Visitor-1 hear jour new preacher i. I ter/'ctover ^’uh’gUw*fruT^cans and i “’eD<‘ *S tb* rftm,,dy ' a man of indomitable will and won-1 eet in a bright, warm place, but not kldhood he clung to the bottle derful energy.	I	in the direct sunlight. The can should i And his was the pinkest of toes;
Hostess—Indeed he is. He has start- I be removed every day to give air but In manhood he clung to the bottle, ed in to ««avert the choir.	I	not leave it off. They will often And his was the pinkest of nose.
fited.
A LADY’S IGNORANCE.
Kind Lady—If you did not drink liquor you would have more to eat.
Tramp—Oh, no, mum ; no, indeed, mum; it’s just the other way. If the barkeeper didn't see us buying a drink once in a while we’d soon starve.
A dealer in artificial limbs estimates
GIRDLING GRAPES
4
WIIAT THEY ARE USED FOR.
What are the holes fori asked little Edna, looking at the porous plaster that her
It's Ivnny you don’t know that, sis, interposed Willie. They’re to let the pain out, of coume.
He
stead. It consists of t he entire al of the bark just below the fruit cluster about a month before the time of
remov-
ors.
!
was preparing to ad-_ back
LARGEST, BICYCLE FACTORY
A REMARKABLE MAN
1 sustains growth, but on descending the elaborated sup, which passes
down between the wood and the hark, can go no lower than the point where the vine has been girdled. It «tope there and goes to feeding the bunch

tones for bicycle ball bearings two factories there, belonging to one
firm, turn out annually 2,000,0000 gross horseless milk wngog-gg HI of these little steel balls, and employ keeper—î es, it will be so appr.p (WO m o, working for a day of 10 hours* I—goes so well wlih ilie caw leva duration.	Y** ¦e»-
The
The Milkman—I am going io buy i
House
ue
ilk



•* % m





	

###PAGE###7###
%
1

A

i
r
«
r
4
4
L
US.
on bis staff, whloh be held with tx>th hi* hands, a rid i he tear* were trickling
down the furrows of his sun-burnt	M ^
face.	K»«rmeee I on him» Hnv* Bern Mwdf I Wew Kiiglo* of Discipline liitrofliafrri In
. , "in the name uf heaven, Jacob, what	' rnnt *IW|Ur DrVl<**-	<*h *«*»el».
%V I alia you f" said Hester, laying down 1 h" invention of the roller skate I speoûlly visited the mud row, sit-
hsr work, and goinjg towards him. made £200,000. { The gimlet-pointed u-ited between To 11c rose nu<l Cat my le
a Jj€ftVy groan.^hftt^hurat lfroin 'him s,r,nv b*60 respunMible for more about eight miles from Airdrie, this White Wen t ut mi* of rir»h Prom ill»
:	IÊÊÊÈËÈÊÊ HIP •
ing a feature in the mountainous seen- I with a benignant smile upon his [V ^ °n<* H*H. scaled b* rself gently by common needle threader is worth £10,- bn, is about five feet long by three Ihe mej^uf this sec tion who took
îsts*ftflï	:: - ~~ " - ”u,“"     ”“k' “”‘r ¦ gr
«SMREPiBÉBtiWI ' '
¦¦¦¦IP*
thick and inarticulate that Jacob sud- Great discoveries take so many years j anfi did not relish the introduction of j at Bo inbridge denly raised his head from the staff and cost so much to perfect that the machinery, though the punishment ap-	¦
nears no more degrading than a school
birching. That is a form of school dis-	,
cinline unknown to Scotch board acroH8 the country towards Seffold, the
schools, where pal mi es, or strokes on scene of the crime, and where the Ogel-the palm of the hand with a cane, is trees reside 1 he prevailing method of administering punishment.
VALUE OF SMALL INVENTIONS.
\
MACK WAS CARVED AIM
BOYS WHIPPED BY MACHINERY.
leilm
The First and Last Kiss.
ture
• t#
HOW THIS NEGRO WAS TORTURED BY A GEORGIA MOB.

the
»rde,

mn§
la-
th#
the:
itioi
th#
I
and
e <4 hoi . tori- $ end 'J
Murk was the leader of the bund, of which five had alreidy met dealh. Ilia destruction brings almost to u close
I

Mack was captured at Iron City, G a., Sunday at midnight by four uieuib«j|§
ut*
'

an
U
mpQ
lore
u re
ing
nde 1
mly uda a eo
1

the
ake
Hester was hu-	-	,	,	--,	: for ehe beheld her
ghbour, Farmer Morgan,	who al-	father	and her husband,	side by	side,
bogStod that he could	spend a	m^er	her own roof.
Mb
l of your necessities, and, run as fast better " ~ \ % * ' ' ^	¦
k is they-ma^ they will never overtake difference of many an acre added to »
*dhem."	those which he already rented. Hester ..
Hester Lloyd had married	Farmer	observed this auspicious	change,	and f understood, ^should guess it
Morgan’s second son, David ;	and it	might	almost be called	a happy wife
eta
ter'* life and deliver him to the sheriff
per
S3
of
am.
4
TAKEN FOR^ IDENTIFICATION.
ina
wed
Securing him firmly, they started
et
ink
to
It was necessary to seek concealment, from the fact that every foot of woods was being thoroughly guarded by emissaries of the mob, but Monday night the four men with
ry-
aot
A
tot
WALKING PARTIES
en
At one time it was prophesied that j their prisoner readied the Ogeltree
wheeling would in time entirely take; residence and obtained the positive t h<- place of walking as an exercise, and that we would hear no more of the Ihe trip across the swamps 10
«"¦r w.,kll8 et w.„srsïS’ x&sr ;.x Ayr's
(>ne «0 beneficial to those who in- [ng followed, and three neu were left dulg* d in them aa a health measure., to guard Mack, while the fourth rods They promise to become a “fad" this P«*i haste to Baud,ridge to summon
y. ir, however, U we are to judge from bardl^k-f^his comrades when apor-the enthutiiasm manifested now that	i>f f he mob stopped his buggy and
the pleasures of early summer ram- demanded the priw/ner
time he evaded their enquiries, and then a n»pe was thrown around his neck, and he was informed with curses ly walking seemed to be a lost art thaï unless he revealed the location
It Is true that ladies of the prisoner he himself would bs
Under pres-
ms
ht
identification of the negro.
iv-
i meats and patents
ürszr—~; , ; icar saar rtyyrs
I could not get at the rights of the |	as a j>ortmanteau. Alpaca was
matter," said Jacob, but from what i substituted for gingham, then silk for
An umbrella
a't
man
)r
warn
,	alpaca. Each change meant a fortune
•¦¦MB
"
contrary, was mild and gentle in dis- wind would drive into angry collision. I changed—he had grown so careless position, affectionate and trained up To Hester's watchful eye alone, and to I about everything had so entirely neg- _
in the strict observance of those aim- her anxious spirit, were these signs re- |ect€d, his affairs and his home —that | THE OLD WOMAN AND HER 'TATIES. pie, unobtrusive virtues which became vealed. She could not conceal from j waa sure unless some change for the the comparative humility of her eta- herself the trials and the dangers they better took place, nothing but tion, and the character of her parent- hourly menaced; but she could conceal could/ come out of it in the end. Oh al roof. When, therefore, she married them from all the rest of the world dear God knows, my situation is David Morgan, some shook their heads, —and she did. Not even to her fa- bad enoUgh, just now, at any rate."
and pitied the poor girl for the sac- tber did she speak of them. i hey And Hester's tears flowed afresh, as vicar of Morwenstow, known far be-rifice she made ; while others turned w re th.> griefs of her own foreboding | tbe thought of what her situation was yood his little Cornish parish for his
**¦**= sioos, whatever might fairly be urg- marriage that the bankruptcy of old So keep up your spirits. Mrs. Morgan, iron kettle full of potatoes. Veiy the Atlantic m • y start off on a ten or
ed in favour, or to the prejudice, of Morgan happened. For some months and don’t grieve. Here, take a drop quietly ihc mischievous student low- twcniy mile jaunt in entire comiort.
sent to the pertinacious, rather than I her, for he had grown reserved, sul- | her husband for a long time past had up—up—up, and out of s'gbt.	known	as a summer resoit| g
the ardent solicitations of David Mor- I len, and morose, but from the manner been such as to prepare her for trou- Poor, near-sighted old Nanny, w hen w' " yarded with no little interest
wÈKÊB
he was. He could not therefore, let and altogether his behaviour was ho	Boscastle	kitchens alone in all hng-
the sun go down upon his wrath; but, strange, that she looked at him as if	—	-	I land; it was young roas sen.
“k* a primitive disciple of his Man- she thought he had already had a Ut-
*r, he sought the dwelling of hie tie too much—a failing which she knew	THE	ONLY WAY.	I	a IESSON IN PALMISTRY.
wi*h word of peace and some time a overtook "uncle Jacob.*'	,	I	.	tl	. .	#
^ hand of fellowship. So pure a Judge 9he was soon convinced, however, that The Bride—I don’t want to have any Jack, do you believe m palmistry -hid ke been in his wwn cause, that he the old man waa not now in his cup#, trouble with you, Bndgef	I Yea, I do; when a man giv.v, me the
considered he had dome wrong, very whatever else might be the matter The Cook—Then, bedad, ma'am, let tipe 0( his finger# I know I can t hurts be kept with him, for he was leaning forward =* no compta in ta.	* r9W mono/ of him.
j he messenger hud
«
For nome
iw
bh-fl have again been tested
It La claimed that until quite recent-
st
At the death of
il-
among women
walked miles in shopping expeditions summarily dealt with or promenades on fashionable thor- sure of this threat the man allowed oughfares. but for a party to set out himself to be bound and placed in a for a twenty-five or fifty mile tramp buggy and piloted the mob to tbe hid-
in to the country was a thing unheard lug place of Mack.
When the guards discovered i bat treachery had been found out
t-
at
id
in
>d
A
of
ruin T||f stuilral aud llir Kellie Full of Vola
But the fashion has been set, and, their walking parties are the proper thing; they begged and pleaded piteously for and. b hold! Dame Fashion, never slow, merry. After bestowing many kirks, comes to the front with well-designed cuff». and curses on the men, the mob and comfortable costume for such oc- leaders released them and sent them
The short skirt, the broad, \ «urrying through the forest toward
home. Not satisfied with the identi-

torn-Konut seal fur I» I liner.
Robert Stephen Hawker, the famous

I
t
>-
d
t
All who had knives produced them, and proceeded to slowly torture the wretch to death. He writhed and struggled and cursed and screamed, but ao mercy was shown while men around him taunted him with his crime and chipped off small bits of his flesh, wrapping them in papers to carry home as souvenirs. At an early stage of the proceedings mem-
a
f
The
»
1
They
l
I
i

»
i
i

I
After they had carried this
j he
(
gang.
The retribution that followed the crime has been swift evening Sammius and Mark entered L. Ogle tree's store at Saffold their comrades were posted around the premises to guard their friends and to assist, if necessary. Mack and Sam mins compiled Ogeltree to give them his savings of thé last few weeks and then forced him to escort them to his wife's
Here they discovered more
execrable crime
On Thurada
1
lion put by a guest as to feeling weary, one of the young pedestrians replied, with a laugh: "I think we could dance this evening with as much enjoyment ms any of you who have been in-doors all day. Except for shoes/* she added, with glance, as she displayed a sole worn almost through.
A* the fashion spreads there is no
Six of
urta-
ere."
out
a roguish

room
the -
reason to doubt that in the near fut- I was committed. Six negroes have ure walking tours will rival bicycle been lynched for the crime of two. tours in popularity. There will	ÉH
tainly be this advantage, that a walking tour would be within the reach of
r.ViüSS!S|2E.'* —I	-
Of course she will not be able at first be made. Cut into four-foot leng hs to walk ten miles a day, or even five, eland on end around a pile of shaving/
But a little systematic training will I qj* kindling until you have a cord o soon enible the average girl to accomplish fifteen miles a day with perfect comfort.
MAKING CHARCOAL FOR FIGS
two. Cover with leaves or straw, then cover with dirt to a depth of three
inches, making small openings around the bottom. Drop some coals of f.rs down into the shavings. Wait un: il the fire starts to burn, then close the
A FRIENDLY TIP
Young Author—-Tell me frankly what I hole at the top. Be careful not to al-rou think of the	manuscript	of	my	low any new holes to form around	the
book. I want to	get it in shape	for	aides	or on	top until it is nicely char-
publication, as I	have several	other	red.	Then	re-cover and pile on	one
irons in the fire.	aide,	being	careful to suppress	all
Critical Friend—Well, that being the signs of fire. Feeders of swine *b uld case, I would advise you to use the I positively have a supply all the time.
It might at least I It
be fed carelessly, but >nue
manuscript for fuel help to heat the other Irons.
or twice • week.


###PAGE###8###
¦

1
i



-X._
r
*i*M *



^ A
m


\


t
\
/
<

Pew Men Original.

Kash is King.
Fall Season !
1899
Did you ever notice how few people are original in things they say and do ? For instance, one man makes a fortune out of a simple thing: immediately hundreds of others try it.
While it is gratifying to be the man ’ to bring out an tdea, the great mass must be content to follow their leaders. There is one line that u always original, however, and that is the business of Bradlcy-Oarretson Co#, Limited, of Brantford, Ont., because they continually bring out publications, to suit the times and season?, thus their agents are kept steadily at it and make big money. In fact, no other occupation is more honorable, healthful, lucrative, or offers hall as many opportunities fur promotion, is a life school. Many men and women in Canada to-day, testify to the truthful* ness of this claim, in fact, it is conceded on all hands, that one year’s experience with this Firm is worth more to any young man or woman, than'two or three years at College, from an educational point of view, and financially, it is all that can be desired.
il
This is human nature.
14 first
Deep
Thought.
HHH-t )
(>
KM
o
«I
MV T Kit MS
o
o
o
u
v:i:
o
o
o
o
o STRICTLY CASH, o
• t
Deep thought is necessary, when the man of moderate moans finds himself in need of a new suit. 1st, you want quality ; 2nd, tit ; 3rd, finish, and last, but by no inennsleast, price.
We have the latest goods at the lowest prices, and because we sell so many,
bean.
o
We are making big preparations for the Fall Trade. Our Summer’s Trade has been gratifying to us. We have been going through our stock and we have no muslins or prints to clear out,—in fact our summer goods are remarkably well sold out for the time of year. This is a pretty good proof of two things, namely :
—THAT WE HAVE BEEN KEEPING THE GOODS THE PEOPLE WANT.
-THAT OUR PRICES ARE PLEASING THE PEOPLE........
Oooooooooo iQOOOOOOOOOOl >
Uiwiiig closely to this rule it enables In watch and i lock repairing, thii
l :
% \
1 O
in inv li
h
V VVl
HOCK BOTTOM PRICES.
It
/
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
.11
>\ v can "i
Ouv goods are guaranteed a $'s worth for a $ every time . • • • •
A. R. McGUIRE
The Tailor.

I

GOODWYN

L
-The Watchmaker-ARNPRIOR, .. .. ONT.
Public Notice.
Province of Queltcc,
Municipality of ('Inrvndon. m BIdC NOTICE is hereby given that
r,	t .	....	.the Valuation Hull of the municipality , @
from all accounts there wnl be » great I 0f (lnrendon is now deposited |
demand for laborers this fall. At the in the ollive of the undersigned, at
present time, with fall work not begun, the disposal, an<l for the information, of
the railway companies cannot get butti- i hityrested parties ; and further, said
«•“	••• «« ** «¦«<¦	• < ISS» teSSSSSItSySTT'
these will probably leave to weak in the sion of the council to he held at the town fields later. The Northern I’acific is j hall, Shaw ville, at ten of the clock in the open to take 200 men at once to till up forenoon of Monday, the fourth day of the four big ex*ra gangs it has ballasting and ,mont1h <,f September, one thousand eight
raising the track between Winnipeg and	M.v(.Ilth (,ny of
Munis 1 hey ha\ e been calling for men the month of August, one thousand eight right along, and yet they are short as hundred and ninet v-nlne. announced.	ÎIVUII ÀIATIIESON.
The complaint is made in some quar I	Secy.-Irens,
ters that the immigrants who were sut* posed to be farmers and whom it desired to teach Canadian methods instead
uf going to the fields, have been gobbled I HrAPPriPC T up by the railway companies, who r I VIWl/vlIwO ¦
still calling for more.
The department of agriculture has not
yet complete returns, but figuring from
what are already in, Chief Clerk McKel-
lar estimates that at least (>,000 men and
possibly 7,000 will be required to take oft,
the crop provided it matures in anything ; | QQ Cr63ITI ! like the present indications. The mdica- ‘ tions are that there need not be an idle man from now out for mont hi if he can do anything oil a farm. The people who put in a crop are about sufficient to cut it with a binder, but all the stocking, stacking and fall plowing, must be done by extra men.
THE CROP IN MANITOBA.
tiou.
FOR THE
FALL TRADE

DEMAND FOR LABORERS.
Green way Says it is the Beet Ever Seen in the Province.
«¦>

i
1 1
I
sm


Our Goods are coming in and we expect that by the 1st of September we will be fully prepared for our customers. . .

SCARCITY OF LABORERS PREDICTED.
(Daily Tribune, August 3 )
Premier Greenway returned from Crystal City Wednesday and a reporter of The Tribune found him next morning in the middle of | ilea of marriage licenses which he was signing in order to keep pace with the demand from all points of the province. The department appears to be doing a land-uttiee business in marriage licenses and as they all have to receive the premier’s eignatuie he is kept busy as he dots not desire to have a marriage license famine such as once occurred during,the absence of the governor in the Northwest Territories. The premier stated t!ut the crops between Crystal City and Winnipeg never looked better and that with favorable weather they will be cutting wheat in the southwest in a wet k. He has himself about one hundred acres that ought to be ready to cut in a week or ten days. There is 700 acres of crop in on l bailie Home Farm i altogether, but a good deal of the wheat | is later than the fields above mentioned. The general report is that the lia y crop Arrive h 4* his been heavy. James Yule, the stock-
man on Prairie Home Faun is now m On k > tario delivering four Shorthorns bought s-'" by leading brci dvrs there. Lie will likely J bring some Ayrshircs back with him to “ s.Ii further build up the great herd here. ^ The matter of farm help to take off the s crop has been receiving a good deal i attention from the premier and while he does not want to alarm anyone on the j 7.oô | subject, still he thought it advisable to ; issue tho statement which is published today in another column.
FARM HANDS H>R MAN IT BA.
OTTAWA»» Y
I
#
#
CHANGE OF TIME.
?
summer time card as below will take efleet May 15th. 1#*>.
1 Train Leave Ottawa no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa No. 8 Train Leave Ottawa No. 4 Train Arrive Ottawa No. 5Train Leave Ottawa No. CTrain Arrive Ottawa No, 7 Train Leave Ottawa No. S Train Arrive Ottawa Nos. 1 and 2, daily except Sunday.
Nos. 3 and I daily except Satimui Sunday.
No a 5 and 6 Saturday only.
Nos. 7 and S Sunday only.
For tickets amt further information apply to E. (\ Arno di, Ticket Agent, !?. Spark St., or 31 Central Chambers. Ottawa.
P. XV. RRSSKMAX.
Oen’l Sup't.
Just now we have a splendid line of
">.20 p m ,9 vO a.in. .8.00 a.m .A45 p.IU.
1.30	pro. s. 15 p.m.
9.30	a.m.
.oS p. Ill
iy and

No.
Crockery & Glassware.

#*##«*****#,
Fruits!
• • • • •
• • • •
was

A fine assortment of
rv
'<4
ate
THE BEST ENGLISH PRINTED GOODS
In PLATES
Confectionery!
In the above linos wc hnve a very choice stock. Our prices are low. and goods first class.

9
/
!
CUPS and SAUCERS,
CREAM JUGS, DINNER and TEA SETS.
Pontiac Paie Junction By.
i
If you wish to indulge in n glass of refreshing ieo c ream, call at our parlor and get thoroughly satis-lied
o
Official Time Table :
Also a Fi ll Line of
A.M.
P.M.
D. WILSON,
BEST WHITE GOODS
Aylmer tBrevkenridge i Kurd ley Parker’s Crossing t Mohrs Qu yon Wyman's t Ta n k Bristol
McK«.
Shaw ville Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank t1 Vinton Coulongo Mellon's Wall hum
« Flag Station. tTank. t Flag Station.
5.45 Leave
e »
ft ft
« Ol
A a moat of the farn er. ]>u-in crops to their full capacity this year, this means that unless a very lir_;e body , of men comes m many of the fields will ; J remain uncut. The hist excursion party j from the maritime provinces wi about Aug. 15th, and the Ontario
Opposite Pontiac House*
• ft
6.12
—Just the thing for threshing time.
• ft
14
6.18
SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
ft ft
IS
6 26
• 4
44
6.37
4 •
4 ft
6.47
E. HODGINS & SON.
M
6.56
Shawville
Acadenw,
# ft
6.58
ft •
! l
46
7.04
arrive
4 4
• 4
• 4
7.26
excut -
stuns about August 22nd, when it is hopeful there will be something like suffi aient men to meet the demand.
It is reported that the employment agents have vainly tried to gut fifty men to push forward the work at the
The following has been issued by the >lVVy V!-,lmtal:i quarries.^
provincial department of Agriculture :	1 r* m:	ut V'. ’}*" »encra^
It id well known that farmers m Maui- Pa8Sti,,t£er department, sail when
[lUt in more cr ;> than the same “““J	mat‘er« 1he>(1 Just
! fuico of laborers can harvest, thresh and	«.atement made from reports o.
do their fall plowing fur next s.as.m's ,L‘	' apent? w^IC|l showed that
cr, p. Fur several years past farm labor- Linijvr9 along the lines of the company era have been brought from the east to	VNuU-l‘ require two excursions if in	Eist-
! assist in harvest fields. Last season over	ern	Canada at	tâl® euc* August. It
5,000 hands were brought in, and about feared that labor wuu;d be ! the same number the previous year. It ,U.L * ie company had as yet l would be disastrous to the province, if, irïformAtïon <»n thta point, when we have a good crop, sufficient men ,	* pnngneld farmer speaking of ti:e
were not available to harvest the same, 'Ukhobors for farm work said they This department collects iijf*.rmation	"li''^°‘K. ' attributed the	came
each year through our regular crop curre-!	Vi* t	lG -Ct * ia,t	Î 1	^lc). r!ut eat.	*'eyîe
spoiiderits legarding the number of farm j ‘ e ®a,d seunul had applied to -nm for hands required. Reports are not all in	recently, but he had ret used them
yet, but a suffi aient number have been a‘ <<n this gnnind, but the list one who
received to show that not less than 0,000 ; ‘l‘a::u1' e,A aL 1vV^ V he desired it. men will be required in taking cii this ' ^khobor was proving more serviceable
year's crop. The department cannot un 1 others tried, dertako to locate each man individually. 1 Mr. A. Henry, of Hartney, has written Experience has taught that vxeurstonists to Commissioner McCreary to say that distribute themselves most itlectively the harvest in this district will be earlier throughout the province withuu: any ay than is generally expected. If, as is at sistauce from officials.	present indicated, there is a shortage in
the supply of hands to assist the result will be disastrous.
1
« ft
4 ft
7.45
ft 4
8.00
ft ft
..	« F j
ft »
7.1
8.08
8.12
• ft
I ft
44
Fi
• ft
t
• ft
8.30
A
ft «

ft 4
8.47
Leave t

8.55 Arrive
SAVAGE Repeating Rifle.
more
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway
at Aylmer.
The Only High School in the County
Will F$8-opcn on Sept 4th.
P. \Y. RESSEMAX
LEXERAL SUPERINTENDENT tüba C.U1
ques
com

CANADA ATLABTIu
.
The point- of .superiority in tLis Institution are :
Tin: Ahum I.x.-TiivvTOKs,
i
Calibre .303.
1i899 Model.
scarce,
no definite
TIME GAUD,
IN EFFECT MAY 1st, 1899.
<
o
SMOKELESS, HAMMER LESS, SIX SHOOTER.
A < 'oMi'i.rn: ( 'ouest: in* Study,
ORIGINAL IN EVERY FEATURE,
POINT BLANK RANGE FOR HUNTING.
ONE RIFLE FOR LARGE AND SMALL GAME. SIX DIFFERENT CARTRIGES.
l
Tin; Bi:st Text Rooks 'I nu Latest Methods.
The Best Equipment,
Tm: Deepest Interest in Sri dents’ Welfare.
A Library in each I)i:pa
MENT FOR LSI: OP Rl'PILS
\
t
*
NEW SERVICE. MODERN EQUIPMENT.
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 2 1-2 HOURS.
S /
L
a
Write for Catalogue and Circulars, free.
SAVACE ARMS COMPANY,
UTICA, New York, U, S. A.
e
The

e
«>
IÏT
I e
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:
x-
'in"
Centra! Oaijada Exhibition Association;
Twelfth Annual
EXHIBITION
At OTTAWA, ONT
il -stops -it all intermediate «t!ms. Av-Valley livid, vonuwts Co-

I
a <>.25 A. M,
ft
Tuition fee- and board very moderate.
jives M«nitmil 9.50a. in teau Jet. for Cornwall ami points west.
i F
Full particulars on application to ti Chairman, or to
11 •
o 4 ft TI Limited stops AW,inti, 0#-r*J AtiUft andria onlv. Arrives Montreal 11 15 n m. Pullman parlor car attachai.
Sundays only—stops at
ints row dlate stal
Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. ra. Pullman parlor car at-
Jc
II. LANG,
Hee.-Treasurer.
N
Tî 8.45 A. 31.
We are aware that in the past tou many men have gone at tirât to Brandon and a few other centres, and fur a day or two much dissatisfaction would be expressed, but these congested points were soon relieved by sending the surplus of men to points not fully supplied, and invariably, requests were forwarded to the depart*
a	the
excursionists for more men. These de-1' Chicago, Aug. 15.—A special to the mards could not be supplied. The wage* fîmes-Herald from Guayuns, Mrxico, paid will be according to the experience says :	Military operations in the Yaqui
and ability of the workmen. If too valley culminated on Friday in a series small a number of hands coma this sea of engagements, and the final rout a: d _	lA4l _ ,	.	son, grain will remiin uncut and ungath di persal of the Indians.
Trams arn\e at	Koi,i Rockland ered m many fields. Now, if there are The Yaquis in rebellion had con :er.-
SL i eT-*) A#iu« and intermediate point», any idle men in Winnipeg or any othei trated their forces at Vicam, on the s »uth Si I 1 .20 A»Mi N^w^Tork, New Part of the province who want work, hay- J bank. General Torres began cfe ve
England and New York points, Montreal, leaving at j ing or harvesting, they can at once be tperations on Thursday. After a sharp 7.30 a. in. Stop at lo-ai stations. Has Wagnvr located before laborers come from the engagement the Indians fled, leavii g Putiet car V u "rkto	Limited — from I eaet' Such men should apply immedia- thirty dead on the field. The M xican
Si 14»lv V/V/lx Montreal andria. tely to this department and their applica loss was ten killed and twenty two woui.d-east, leaving there at 0.40 a.m; Stops at Alexandria tions will receive prompt atteution. At ed.
1 ' i* o r ‘	Vf ?f limited—from Montreal | present there are 35,000 farmers in Man- General Torres retired to Orrin for the
St DiOO 1 *lu« leaving 4.05 p. m. sto]* j itoba, and if even every fifth farmer re-1 night, and at 4 30 the next morning he at Alexandria on y. jiinuai^pariHi car^ Jntl quired a man, it would take 7,000 hands began a march on Vicam. The troops
mediate points. Cornwall to supply the same. In many wheat die- dislodged the Yaqui# and killed four. Kingston, Toronto and points west. Has Pullman tricts every farmer will require one, and, Five of the Twelfth battalion and oi e
1 ar >r ca1'	' m some instances two or more men, and man of the National Guards were wound-
Slmwville, August 7th, 1 Ml
O
a <1.40 A.M. a 4.20 P.M.
Local — for Rockland and intermediate i ts. Limited— Stops Alexandria and Coteau Jet. in. Pullman parlor trains for Quel ¦¦¦•, Portland, Halifax and all points east of Montreal. For Va lie y Held and all points south of the St. Lawrence River, St. Albans, Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7 a. in., New York 7.20 a. m. Has through Wagner sleeping «-ar. Ottawa to New York. tê ^ L> \ f Local—stops at interim di-lle»>0 1 «jlc ate stations. Arrive MonConnects a t Coteau Jet. for Corn-
el
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE. September 11 to 23, 1899,
YAQUIS CRUSHED.
T


S XV 1 p*
; wi

Arrives Montreal 0.50 < ar attached. Connects wi
only.

General Torres Routs and Disperses the Rebellious Indians.
9


Bj
bu
foi
tieal v. 4'> p. m.	_	_
wall. Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman
car to Montreal.
w
(2) TWO WEEKS I (2)
th<

We have just the kind of Furniture that every person wants,
and at prices to suit alL
Mi
This Exhibition is second to none in Canada for
ha*
vet
#######
the
LIVE STOCK ACCOMMODATION. QUALITY OF EXHIBITS, and EXCELLENCE OF ATTRACTIONS.
. rrc be
a ft
I
(mi
9.00 P.M.
— a
a ii Kin« chei
Grounds extended and several new buildings erected since last Exhibition.
$1500 added to Prize List this year, principally in Live Stock Department.
$3,000 offered in purses for Horse Races.
Ottawa Armrior, 4 Party m «y.
Following the enemy c osily, General supply the remainder at one to each far- Torres found another force of Indians ei -mer. When the wealth of the province trenched behind the bank of tin irrigate n represented by the wheat fields upon canal, where the road crosses. After ha f
8.00 A.M. £ïnvmr"prrtmbroke‘!freJ«’ which the prosperity of our citie», town, ,n t.ojr of fightirg the Yaqui. were dr vp. 9. Ry., B-uryw Bay, Whitney, Canoe Lake, and villages as well as all our business en from this posit on with a loss of ii Parry Sound and intermediate point*.	concerns, railways, banks and implement killed. One Mexican sergeai t and thrte
P«M« anviUe,npembrokr Ua'p. *9. agencies so much depends, is in danger ol soldiers were wounded. The Yaquia are v narry s nay, «»»"••»« ***•'»	being left upon our fields for the want of now scattered in small parties, and it s
¥rain* arrivs at Ottawa Central	P(.ui.	sufficient help to garner the same, this not likely that they will concentrate again.
TO •oil	broke. Eganviiie,' Ren- department deems it wise to do all that The rest of the campaign will probably
frew, Arnpriorand intermediate points.	is possible in the way of securing help consist of hinting out the renega ?es
1 .AI* bnT-, Ejauviik!'" Renfrew for the farmers to assist them in garner- from their hi ling places.
Amprior and Intermediate pointe.	ing in their crops. The press assists in	______^________
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES	advertising this want of the province,	^ t .
and railway companies will, as in past l J. L. Short, w ho lives about six miles years, give cheap excursion rates from from Cairndutf, N. W. T., attempted to A I 1,11	**
the east to harvest hands, good for three murder his wife one day last week by UNDERTAKERS SorPLItS
shooting her iti the neck and chest with a revolver. He then placed the weapon to h s mojth and killed himself instantly.
Come and be Convinced
S
TO AND FROM THE WEST. (Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
• ••••
Moi
the
CUTRBERTSON & GRAHAM,
No.
ovei
o
the
“ Bombardment of Pekin.”
For Arnprior Renfrew, Eg
__	anville,
Rv, Barry's Bay, Madawaska and intermediate pts
Spectacular :
post
Ox
Ci
For Prize List, Race Programmes, and all information concerning the Exhibition, write the Secretary, and for all information regarding hotel and boarding house rates and accommodation, consult the Ottawa Evening Journal two weeks previous to opening of Fair.
idr Specially reduced rates on all lines of travel.
Undertakers and Embalmers.
of tl from eupp othe Give
Central Depot Russell Honse Block
Come First Week and avoid the Rush.
Tickets to Europe and all parts nf tl e world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's | months.
E. McMAHON,
WM. HUTCHISON, M. P„
President.
— Always kept in stock.
Secretary.
Ü6 Sparks St,
Thomas Greenway. Minister of Agriculture and Immigra-
a Trains run dally except Sunday
b Sunday ouly.







lfl-5




