###PAGE###1###
f.
L-



\
\
No. 19 —18ru Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, OCT.
$ 1.00 a Year in Advance.
25,	1900.
While returning on Sunday from a visit in North Clarendon Dr. McNnughton had an experience rather too serious to he interesting. When in front of Mrs. il. Hudgins’, on the 11th line, a dog dashed out at the rig, starting the horse. The occurrence took the Doctor hy surprise, nnn I nod before he could get control of the ¦ <pU,UVU,UUU. horse she had thrown herself and the
buggy into the ditch, shattering the -	2,600,000. I shakes and breaking the harness badly.
The Doctor considered himself lucky to escape with a badly bruised knee, while his horse will he laid up for a day or two at leant. The rig and harness are meanwhile in the repair shop. The dog is said
to be sn old om nder, and an eft'uit will
Money loaned on approved security at | he made to have it removed, reasonable rates
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
Ladies
9
Mr. James Robinson from Coulouge denot, was he re Monday and Tuesday MessiH. Arthur Queale ar.d Wm. Craig went to Shawville Tuesday returning Wednesday.
Dr. Galioury was here Tuesday.
Mrs. Caldwell and Miss Martha were visiting friends here the most eof the week.
.Several gangs of hunters passed up with lots of hounds, last Thursday t j get ready for hunting.
Mr. Wm. Moore went to Portage du Fort Wednesday, returning home on
Thursday.
The Messrs. Jackson Pros., of Montreal, were here among their customers
Thursday,
Mr. Geo. Wilson went to Shawville Thursday, returning Friday.
Miss Lilly F arrell, of North Bay, ar rived homo Thursday on a \ isit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Richard Farrell. Messrs. W. Craig and Isaac Wilson
Friday, returning Sat-
Hoad Office : . .. Capital Hitliivtlttfd Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
'¦IV
.......... 1.711 .OHO,
..........1,401,310.
OF CANADA.
Heat
Fine Tailored
J ackets 2 Costumes
Hoard of Directors
Chaules Magee, Esq., President. I CAPITAL -
George Uay, E«q., Vice-President.
ft; RESERVE FUND,
Disma Mvrphy, Kh«
Head Olllce, - Montreal.
GEORGEBURN D. M. FINN1E
General Mnniger .. .. Mamigtr

an
Branche* *. IN ONTARIO
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
Lanark,
Parry bound, Pembroke,
R*t 1‘ 'tage, do Rank St . Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto, Ve.nkleek Hill, timltb'B falls.
IN MANITOBA :
Alexandria,
Arnprior,
A von more, Drawbridge Car le to n
Kwwatin. Keinptv Ile Mattawa, Ottawa,
Missionary meetings were conducted in connection with the Methodist church*
Farmers notes bought and collected
Money transferred to all parteof the world. | e* throughout the Shawville circuit during
the past week. The Rev. T. Roy, of Acton vale, Que., delivered addresses tie
We are now showing a large range of Ladies’ fine ready-to-wear Jackets and Costumes, all new, made up for this season’s trade. Every garment guaranteed the finest of its kind, well made from superior materials, combining to a nicety, perfection of style, fit and workmanship. They give to the wearer that combination of comfort, style and grace, so seriously lacking in the average garment...........
Our Costumes (Jacket and Skirt) of English Suiting Ghevoit are exceptionally good value
at only
Plane,
Hawkesbury,
HAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amount* of one dollar* and upward* and Interest allowed.
Winnipeg,
scribing the difficulties and mogresa French evangelization. 11 is address
Dauphin
of
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC :
particularly on Sunday evening greatly interested and moved the large congrega* F. A. PAKKBIt, 11ion that gathered to hear him in the Manager. | village. There should lie no doubt in
the mind of anyone of the importance of this branch of Christian work. The rev. gentleman conducts meetings this week iu connection with Portage du Fort. He
10 A.M. TO 3 P.M 10 A M. TO 1 P.M
Office Hours . Sat vit days . .
Larliul#'
Hull
Montreal,
Agent# In Canada, Nt-w York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agvnta in St. Paul—Mervbant# Nat Bank.
Agvnta iu London, Eng.—Pari # Bunk Ltd.
went to Shawville urday.
Mrs. Thos. Parker, who one day last week got badly tossed a d hurt by a hull, is, we are sorry to hear, in a very low «‘ate.
Church Services
A young man Paul Cartier, got his face badly smashed last Thursday in Messrs. Hoy & Sons' saw mill, a piece of a slab having struck him fair in the face splitting and wounding it in several places. Dr. Alexander was called and stitched up the young man's wounds, and he is doing
well.	Sans Cekemonie.
i
PAsroRsA^riWl,HnT»m”nfT,"ter, M.A., IwiH “J**, Rljvak at Tliornl.y on Sun-Liy, I*h. I). l>v. w. it. Johustou.	and at < oulonge in the week following.
Services every Sabhatli at 10.30 a.m ; 7, p m.	-------------
Sunday Krhool at a 80, a m.	i
r.=: |Mr-John McCr0die Passes Away.
General Prayer Meeting, Friday, 7,30, p.m.	----
Everyone welcome.	| Died, at his hro her s house, in Shaw-
ville on Sunday, Oct. 21«t, Mr. John
. McCredie, of Moravia, Cayuga County, Paul s church on Sunday night last and New York state, aged 58 years.
was well attended.	| Mr. McCredie arrived in Bristol with
Mrs. Dr. Knox returned home on Sat- | his wife iu the early part of July on a
urday after a week's visiting friends in | visit to his father and other relatives.
He had been m poor health for over two A lantern kicked over by a horse in I years, ami his trip to Canada was under* Bryson last week, caused the destruction taken in the hope that a lengthened stay
The animal was res- in Hie land of his birth would result in
restoration to health and strength ; hut
Talking about Closing!!!
No, Indeed.
IT IS RE-OPENINC
Childrens’ service was held in St
A Strong Appeal
We are Talking About.
THE AUTUMN SESSION OF THE
Fontiao Business College
—will open on—
Tuesday, September 4th, 1900,
For the study of Commercial Subjects, Shorthand, Typewriting, English. French, and ot her special studies
$5.25.
To the Editor of The Equity :
Dear Sir,- Only a short time now until the eventful day when Canada will have an opportunity to either condone or repudiate the Liberal administration. What is Pontiac going to do i I am not I	I aware of any claim Mr. Murray has
North	|^lti (^se,iKL‘ Iwwl taken too firm a hold for the county. Indeed judging him hy his
any other than a fatal termination. It ! past political record it does not speak is fully thirty years ago since Mr. Me- ! well for the m-rals of the Liberal party Credie left Bristol and established him- ' to choose him as their candidate, and the self in Moravia. At his bed side when ; most incomprehensible thing to my mind he breathed his last were: his wife, his j is how anyone with any respect for the Mr.	Jas.	Wihn	n	who has been confined	I daughter, his brother Robert, his sister memory of the late Mr. John Bryson
in jail	at Bryson	for	some	time for	violet-	Janet and her husband (Mr. and Mrs. J. | could bean admirer of Mr. Murray’s pol-
ity the Game Law, was last * t libérât- T. PM m,) and his sister Maggie, | itical methods, ed hy the Government. He immediately I (Mrs. John Murray.) When the took his departure. His offence was kill- | of his death reached M ing (leer during close season.
Bristol and Arnprun
Clothing.
of a stable hy fire cued.
on
The Methodist congregation at
&¦$ Special attention to backward stu- Clarendon have torn down their ,*vnlMe	,	church preparatory to building a new one,
dents °can he'^omZlaWkr%%Ls: I ^	will be ready for
sion. early application for enhance should 1	' nnstnias.
be made.
A postal will bring full particulars.
Adore 88
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE,
Bryson, - Que.
This is one of the features of our business in which we take pride. We are now opening up new goods, and invite inspection of the same.................................
id
use
MENS
BOYS’
}
SUITS,
P. COATS, CHILDREN’S OVERCOATS,
in all materials and at all prices.
I shall now mention a few claims ravia, the church I which Mr. Brabazon has on all fair mind-fchere in appreciation <»f his beautiful led men
news
He is one (,f ourselves. He
Box Social.—A box social will be held I	c!mr.acter sent tho l,astnr' 1{ev'1 haH ,la(l a large experience in the business
in Elliott's school on Nov. 2nd, by the I Bell, to be present at the funeral, atfairs of the county and has shown mark-mem hers of Victoria Lodge, I. O. (J. T. which tookplace to Norway Bay, to the ed ability in dealing with them. He is a — Program consisting of dialogues, music, IwmilyburW plot, on Wednesday, (Jet. man of the highest integrity and has that
recitations, etc. Ladies free of charge if ,	a 16 resbyterian deep and true patriotism which alone
1	1 clergyman of bhawville, assisted at the make a statesman worthy of the name.
u îeral acrv.ee.	I The honor of tho flag isouo of hi* article*
of rêligion. I need not remind you that
he is as truly a hero as any of Canada’s
brave boys who fought and bled in South
Africa. He's been out on native ser-
,un „	,	.	, vice as well as they, and endured the
Ihe Palace Grocery, Shawville. | McDowell, of Clarendon, are champions, lordships of war and faced the storm of
js.'st a sdSftoS: | jssix	"jws I	£3ir i s i	-
^asss rÆflsîsç £ ka I »
ed the Diocesan jubilee.	children 10c Kefieshments vd. I over for the champions. Eleven plow
Orange supper, 6th November, Rad- StedTatt/	^ ^	^
ford new church. Look out for ad. and 1	1 eU as I,,lluws '
posters next week.
LOCAL NEWS.
can
J. H. SHAW
they bring a box. Admission, 20 cents.
Just Received—A fine stock of choice apples, comprising Snows, Russets, Spies Baldwins, Greenings —by the barrel or Also a stock of grapes and other
W. T. Kaki.,
Wood taken in exchange for photos at H. Imison's studio.

, com dwins, 1
>
Shawville Plowing Match
Miss Gomery, who was visiting at the retail Rectory, has returned to her home in seasonable fruit Montreal.
Wm. Burden, of Bristol, and John
ment ! No, a thousand times, no the credit of the county let us take advantage of this opportunity to show Mr. Brabazon our admiration of his conduct— “ Patriotism before politics
1, Win. Burden, a McArthur plow, | row views should be cast aside and our ,	,	4	,	...	.	, donated hy the Society ; 2, W. V. Legette. I votes given to the man who has won For
fund. A good program will be present- U5i0O; 3, George Graham, $3.00.	I himself our fullest confidence,
ed, and everything possible will be done	*	If I only had the ability to put these
WANTED—Gcxxl general servant, to make the evening phasant and profit-	_	„ V r tv 1 matters as I feel them in my own heart
Apply to Mrs. David Clarke, Morvhend able. All welcome.	1, John McDowell, a h rosv à W ood , tjle rc8ulfc wolll(1 be Huch an appea} t(J tbe
P. O., Que.	I Rov. Mr. Warrington is resigning his	\\"%,ile^- 2 Gilbert Alford'	roaso,i and intelligence of the
WANTED-A g<xxl general servant. I parish in Portage du Fort, and will re \À V w .lr,,'	L' no	’ electors as would secure for Mr. Braba-
o Mrs G. M. Donaldson, Shaw-1 turn to the Old Country in the course of j *	* ’	,	’ *	zon such ™ overwhelming victory as even
a few weeks. Household furniture of I	rLASfi-	faithful old Pontiac never accorded any-
every description for sale at the Rectory. L Walter Graham, a gold medal from | one before Ngg H I H Ü Ht| Bed-room, dining room sets, carpets, etc., Massey Harris Co., through their agents, I Just here 1 would remind tho electors also a good cutter, will have to be dispos* Smart & Smith ; 2, Roy McFarlane, 1 that there is something to he ** wij>ed ofi ed of.	j $4.00.	the slate in the shape of a large blot
The McArthur plow offered for fiist	that the Liberal government put on the
prize in the senior class was won with a	| country through its unwillingness to send
. .	.	. .	.	.	,	. McArthur plow, and the Frost & Wood i help in England’s time of need when all
Aylmer by special train on W ednesdny I piow 0ffere(J for first in the junior clast the other colonies were vicing with each
The dinner given by the ladies of the evening to participate in a Masonic func- was won ^ith a Frost & Wood plow.	other to see who would have the honor of
Thanksgiving even-1tl0”	, auspices of the brethren The Board of directors of the Pontiac being first to offer their services to the
of1 King » olomon s lodge of that	Agricultural Society, No. 1, prizes very	great mother country. Are we going to
1 hey returned at au early hour on Thiirs-	highly the liberal donations of a plow	condone this action ? I trow not. By
day moaning and report having had %	from the Frost & Wood Co., through	marking our ballots for Mr. Brabazon we
St. Matthew s congregation of North time	their agent A. Smiley, and a gold medal j «'ill thereby show that we too love Queen
Clarendon,	will hold	their	Harvest	Home	The town of Renfrew is mifctimr over	frum the Massey Harris Co., through	and country. By marking them for Mr.
The	members	of	the	Murray	Lake	total cost of these improvements will	vlously omitted from among the long list	alty good Lord deliver us.
hunting party left for their preserve in reach $22,000. The work on the road is of contributors that has already appeared I	Home Man.
Clapham on Thursday. The Kazubazua of a most substantial character, and the ^ F'luity,) and wishes to cxpiess veterans are also in camp on their terri- principal sidewalk is from 10 to 15 feet 1 ,eir tlliinks tu t,lu a ,uve gentlemen for
i"	” *M‘1-	te;™	E. (îr.ha..
F or
DONT F< >RGET the supper to he given at the new church, Radford, on Monday GIRL WANTED for general housework. | evening, Nov. 5th, in aid of the building Apply at once to Mrs. H. H. Knox,
Shawville
PIANOS
All uar
SENIOR CLASS.
The D. W. KARN COMPANY, Limited,
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA
Opposite Blythe's New Store.
.ip *
Mr. Walter Hodgins, who has been in Manitoba since last winter returned home on Wednesday evening.
We have several good Square Pianos and we want to sell them quickly. Our new stock is coming along now, and we need the room. When in the city, come in and make us an offer.
Give us a call and I am convinced of the fact that you will be satisfied with our work
About twenty of the members of Pontiac Lodge A. F. and A. M., went to
H. 1 MisoN, Photographer
Methodist church on ing was quite a success, and was very liberally patronized.

Bo you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.
See our Mr. J. R. HORNER, Shawville. He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
Land Grants for Fenian Raid
Medals.
I
%
President
Sec.-Treas
Mr. Murray was in town on Wednes- I The sad intelligence reached here by day last, and held a meeting at Starke's telegram on Saturday morning of the Comers on Wednesday eve. The man from deat h by accident of Mr. Harry McLeary, Pembroke will make a herculean effort to son of Samuel McLeary, Esq., of Lower capture Clarendon this time by hook or Thorne Centre. The young man was crook.	I working in the woods at the time of the
Ottawa, Oct. 17.—The veterana'of the Fenian raids of 1800 and 1870 he'd a re union ard banquet at the Brunswick Rouse last night. In the course of the
¦ LI	The Ladies' Aid, which met at Mrs. I evening Col. J. P. McMillan, of Corn-
mate the best for the least money. All I running in the direction which the tree I work guaranteed. _	_	| wa8 falling,	H
GREERMOUNT
. t
pro
vince. He said that he was on his way Master Jas. Lu mm is has been at home to Toronto to make final arrangements.
. *10 WAS pinned beneath it. since Wednesday evening.	He would subsequently go to Sault Ste. E zear Deschamps, an employee at J.
He was carried to the camp and every- Mrs. J. McLeary and also Miss McFar- Marie. The grants were situated in Nip- r Booth's mill Hull was killed in that
SÀr. BiiTÈT
black and white (bitch) : was running houre affcer the A0Cldent occurred. The lie last week.	would be as many grants.	8.45. He was engaged in rolling logs
deer Owner can have it hv oavimr ex-	unfortunate young man was only about Mr. Wm. Bradley’s bee was	well at-	and was caught between the carnage and
penses <fcc.	Geo E Murphy,	17 year8 of A8e- The remains were	tended on Thursday.	----------------------------------the bumper and was crushed about the
y ’	Otter Lake. brought down to hie late home m Thorne A very sad accident occurred in Mr.	head and chest. • Dr. Foster was called
on Sunday by Mr. David Hodgins. The John Martin’s shanty on Friday. George	Stf3 VGO ¦	in but the unfortunate man died In a few
Harvest Home services will be held in	funeral took place on Monday morning	Henry McLeary was killed at	the early	------ minutes. The remains were removed to
8t. Alban's church, Park man, on Wed-	at 10 o’clock, to the English church ceme-	age of 16 by a falling tree.	His skull	Strayed from	Jas.	L. Shaw's sugar bush,	Gauthier’s morgue by orders of Coroner
nesday evening, and in St. Matthew’s,	tery at Thome Centre, at which a large	was broken and death relieved	him of his	about	15th	September,	a	two-year	old	Freeland. It is alleged that boys had
Charters, on Thursday evening of this concourse of sympathizing friends were pain in about eight hours. The family	2m	been playing around the spot prenons to
week. The Rev. J. H. Bell, of Wake- present. The Equity extends it deepest have the sympathy of all in their sad be-	by the owner	thankfully the accident and had put the gesr out of
field, will be the special preacher on both sympathy to the family in their sudden reavement.	,	JAS. L. SHAW, order. The deceased was 30 years of age
occasions.	and sad bereavement.	Violet and Pansy.	Shawville, Que. and leaves a wife to mourn.
ft cam
Farm for Sale.
Studio, Pontiac House.
Farm for sale being Lot No. 15 on the 9th ranga of the Township of Clarendon,
Co. of Pontiac, containing 200 acres of There are good building erected thereon which are nicely situated at the favored summer resort, Green Lake. About 100 acres are in good shape for cultivation. The remainder consiste of bush-land containing a large quantity of pine, maple, ash and pulpwood. For terms and particulars apply to
in
land
F
i
S. E. WILSON,
Cascade» P, 0., Qu*




###PAGE###2###




Home Decorations.
wee so bad am this. V\\ do you thp credit to twy that i never thought of teth e thing a» this. . . lid you aayt"
“1 Mid 'd
CV,
said the mate. "Who do you want
itiiiy r
"I want my father/' cried th youth, and. to prevent any mistake, indicated the waging skipper with his
*

&
Fumed oak with pewter trlnrelngi

. What
It the newest thing in house decvra-Kvery woman who ia doing over
3

tioa
the lied rooms especially, finds it a desperate struggle to decide between the lovely furniture made of wood colored by a process of artificial atiiiiu*c and seasoning and the colon ml mahogany. Doth are equally good in style, but the oak ia less costly ami exceedingly novel and good i* »U
V " said the skipper

explosively,
“Ye#*. I’ve no doubt," said hi* wife, fiercely. "You think you’re going to ivurry it off with a high hand an<t bluster, but you won't b us ter me. in> I ra not one of your meek amt
finger
-I expect Ve larft-g like anything.
Blr/1 remarked Mr. W^gge.
“Get forrurd.’* <-*id the ekippcr,
once, d'ye
Who do you want t'* bellowed tht
latter, in a frightful voice " Want you Master Jones Wrath and dismay struggled for au-premaoy in the skipper's face, and he paused to decide whether it would bv better to wipe Master Jones off th» face of the earth or to pursue h«s wa> tn all the strength of conscious in
lie chose the latter course
father," chirrupped
•harply; “get foi rerd at heart*
m.i n
mild women who'll put up with any-I’m not one of your—"
“l tell you." said the skipper, “that ilu» lu»y calls everybody h.a father daresay he's claimed another by this
-w ^cne with the
“Dut what's to boy I—tàat'S WWi 1 waut to kuow,”
thing
decorative effect*.
Kumetl oak ia never curved, hut inlaid instead, and »o beautifully is it dyed, hardened aud polished that it
its surface all the rich color
I
said the mate.
••What d'ye think's to be done with
We can't
I


him I * bawled the skipper, chuck him overboard, can we t '
“1 mean when we get to Diuiportl '
time."
Kven am tie spoke the handle turned •« uti I he d««or o|h*ii ug a few inches die
cbwed the anxious face of
Mrs. Hunt, catching the -kip
eeeiaax

gives ou
ami aile eu and grain oi the rarest natural woods known to the cabinetmaker. It may be bad in glowing cedar red. leak browns, bamboo green, ami pint yellow, uud what is yet more fasciuatiug to the housekeeper of good taste ia the excellent lines on which it is made. The most severe Jacobin and Empire forms have been adopted to this twentieth century departure in chair, taule and bed making, and instead of the decoration laid upon the surface as in the Napoleonic era, tt.4juy aud pewter are m osa iced into the skm of the oak in classic and chaste patterns. Very little brass is
nocenee
and, a shade more erect thin usual walked on until he came iu sight of b.s house and his wife who was stand-

grow l>d the mate.
"Well, the men’ll talk," said the skipper, calming down a little, and pv Bui pa Sum's wife'll come aud take turn. If not, 1 suppose he'll have to go
v vs ay, it’s got
11

Maste
m.
I one#
rag at the door.
* 'You eu 11*4 » long o~ me Jem, 8 tvl
per'a eye, pointed to it m a»
Vhom waa a breath
broken at last by the boy
of silent wrath
he whispered to the mate
explain
Then be turned about aud hailed the The crew, flattered at being
to the >\ui Lhouse miking to do with wo. 1 wash my funds of it altogether."
lie went below again, leaving the
A murmur of
t**e pause.
" If other T be said, softly.
Mrs. Hunt atiffeued in her chair and her arms fell by h.-i * de as the gas# i
Muster

crew
offered front seats in the affair,came forward eag€rly.
••What's the matter P* inquired


y
mate at the wheel voices cauie from ihe forecast le, where th. c.ew were d.&cu-ss.ng ih - Uh'V.our of their late CO .league Master Jones, whose face was streaky with the tears of duvippoiutwent, looked on from his bunk.
h ina i e m e u l
in speech less
joees, open ng tbedeor a little wide
gently insinuated his small figure iu-
Fhe ak.pper gave one
the crowd in
Mrs. Hunt, eyeing email*ment as it grouped itself iu an-

ihe bereaved

Ucipation.
*• Nothing," said her husband, offhandedly.
" \\ hos that boy f cr.ed the innocent woman.
“It's g pour little mad boy," began the skipper ; "he came aboard-----"
•Tin not mad, father," interrupted
h> the roiun


at b.a wife «ml then, turning
g lane#
hastily away, put his hand over hi-mouth and. with protruding eye*, g*z-

¥

employed for ornamentation,
"What are you going to do, Billy t" inquired the cook.
"1 dunno, ' &&id the boy, miserably.
ever
though for certain pieces made for the Princes» of Wale», especially a settle carved in Norse patterns, the

ml out of the w.ndow.
"Midher can 1 c-ome Lut" said tin

%
the boy.
"Oh. Polly!” sighed the skipper Mrs. Hunt strove to regain the utterance of which astonishment had dt>-
Bv sat up in his bunk in a brown
study, ever and anon lui n.ng his sharp Master Jones	...	..	.
"A poor I ttlS mad bov,” continued
the sk pper, hastily, '"whocame aboard
in Loudon and said t*oor old ."^aui
with rolling collar and
The back is
inlay work waa all dune iu silver contrasted with the slackest teak.
the sel lie was th.n cushion covered
Eton Jacket the foot "f h pore
r-\ the full back may be
silk or other
comprîtes un
The above costume nine-gored skirt, having Inlet pleats at
finished with a broad fiat box-pleat.
it is adml rably
remod elling 'Ilk garments
little eyes from one to another of ibe ineu. Ihen, w ith a final sniff to the memory of hi* departed parent, he composed himself to sleep.
With the buoyancy of childhood he |ud forgotten his trouble by the morning and ran idly about the ship us before until in the afternoon they came in sight of Dim port. Mr. Legge who had a cous.derable resect for the brara hidden in that smail head pointed At out to him and with some cun-

\V here
Over the eeat of

adapted for
priv»ni her
"l. . .
. . don't be a fool:"
"Yes. I've no doubt per. theatrically
flung a very with scarlet atulia, a goods very like
disposed of in gathers
-width materials, or for
of several seasons
.	. J<>e
Brown was h.s father.
"No—you, father,* cried the boy,
shrilly.
"lie calls everybody h.s father,"
what. .
ne rmw ago
the 'heaviest sateen, which is purtic-
aaid the skip "Oh ,l*i by! Polly
conking for 51 people supplied her with ulurly recomiueii.le.1 for use with lurn-than eutticient. In a fortnight «d oak.
M L CE I FOR LUNACY
said the skipper with 11 smile oi an-"t bat's the lonu h.s madness lie called Jem here h s lather."
more
she was well
Polly!"
lie put his hand over his mouth and laughed silently, until hi?
Aloug with the introduction of this that of a locomo new wood have come some delightful
guish ; takes.
Anot lw case waa
A PRO-
PATIENTS EMBARK ON
TiiACTEl) SEA TRIP
again
w ife, coming behind him, took him by the show tiers and shook him violently
"This," maid the skipt^r. choking "th,a is what. .
who years before scientific and artistic discoveries |U who had strayed the making of bedroom furniture. |m*rsistently bad he fror instance, the treatment given this dwelt cm th« mishap that at lust he oak in preparation renders it quits to believe that the same ucci- imperviuua to germs, aud therefore
ihe railway it is to oe as highly recommended for of this, but beds as the hygienic iron As a mat-
tive engine driver ha l run over a man the line. So i
"No, he didn’t," said the male, bluntly.
“ Aud then he thought Charlie was his father."
"No, air,” said Mr. Leggv, with respectful firmness.
"Well, he *a.d Sam Brown was," said the skipped*.
"Yea, that's r.ght sir," said the
Tlir i li in *r «if Orrupalli'M lucid-«' •» n
Tli in sir war
on
osity waited for his remai ks.
" 1 can see it " said Master Jones bnefly.
•' That's where Sam Lives," said his friend pointedly
"Yes" said the boy, nodding, "ail »f you live there don't you f"
It was an innocent enough remark in all conscience, but there was that In Master Jones s eye which caused Mr. Legge to move away hastily and glance at him in some disquietude from the other side of the deck. The boy, unconscious of the interest excited by his movements, walked restlessly up and down.
* Boy’s worr.ed," said the skipper, aside, to the mate ; " cheer up, sonny."
B.lly looked up and smiled, aud the cloud wh.ch had sat on his brow when be thought of the cold-blooded desertion of Mr. Brown gave way to an expression of serene content.
"Well, what's he go ng to do f" inquired the mate, in a low voice."
"That needn’t worry us," said the skipper. "Let things take their course ; that’s my motto."
He took the wheel from Harry ; the little town came closer; the houses separated and disclosed roads, and the boy d.soovered to his disappointment that the church stood on ground of its own, and not on the roof of a large red house as he had supposed. He ran forward, as they got closer, and, perching up in the bows until they were fast to the quay, looked rouud search.ngly for any aigus of Sam.
The sk pper locked up the cabin, and then calling on one of the shore-hands to keep an eye on the forecastle, left it open for the convenience of the small passenger. Harry, Charlie, and the cook stepped ashore. The sk.pper and mate followed, and the latter, looking back from some distance, called his attention to the desolate little figure sitting on the
hatch.
, you've been wor-. This is the secret
% it Viifaxe ltr»l*»rra Il 11 nr nnllon*-
came
One of the most extraordinary voy-. denl da ly befell bun
agt1# ever undertaken ha* ju"tt	I coiopaQJ	took uo notice
completed, the earner Eur.nian	bnf-! when lt	Mme to «lopping the train	ter of	fact, the fumed u„k beds	are
been chartered laat May to	car-j ((>r noneX;ei,nt ohnuOa his friends	built on iron	frames with admirable
a	IriP! obtained	him twelve month* leave of	sp.rel	spring	mattresses reeling	on
difficult case.1 corrugated cupper wire foundations, weakened and then the head of the artistic oak
bed is not made solidly of wood, in-
rivd about. .
w hat’s---*’
lie broke off suddenly as his wife
thrust h m by main force into a chaii
and standing over b in with a fiery
another word
mg
ry a part y of lunatics on
around the world. The vo> .mi -	t^,This
cASiul one, was the out ;ome <»f « 'Icon l un-
crew
f.icv dared hi® to say Then she turuetl to the boy.
••What do you mean by cuil.ng m«
she demanded
"Where is Siam?' inquired Mrs. Hunt, look.ug round expectantly.
"lie deserted the sh.p at Wither-sa.d her husband.
saul Mrs. Hunt, with m aud these meu have a.l
was a
The nerve t Aflues were so that locomotives on sea being impos-
ble. he got to believe that they were stead, a frame bke that often put at
email the back of a washst and springs up
bate between «several experts
l ui UOI
'mothvr'i
r in > her ”	I ac^ afl lo smeary of long sea v y-
youff mo er.	Master jones I ages in curing hallucinations. Ord.n- ^tantly running
xr u f garld hm in bewilder- I ary	ocean tr.pd	had been found to	Curiously	enough, he infected	at the bead of the couch, aod	fi« iu
0(	work many cures, and it was reason-	o|le	0f the crew,	a weak-minded,	irn-	this bangs a charming dr.ipel) o
ably	certain that	little harm could be	pre6e;(>nahle sort	of fellow,—who	one	green, or blue, or tunic yellow,	Uua-
warned the	crew that the	eun	kin linen, heavily em*»ro'dered	with
ecu
h
down
"I set* hater aui.le come
up prepared to swear that the bo) said 2>om was his futbor. Haven't you!”
meut, and then, roused to a sense her position by a renewed gurgling
12h	i	in? r
into a more serum	and. board. These patienta were not "lun- ridla0, jjo manual work and plenty Over the bed. when dressed for the
hailing in this, s e	1	‘ t(' Ltica," in the ordinarily accepted 0f arithmetic brought the weak-mind- day. is then flung a counterpane of
after a futile atrugg ^,	meaning of the word, bat every one #d eeamaD and the engine driver to atolia or linen, matching in color the
laugh herself, an	,h was the victim of some hallucination. tb,ir eelu,e3.	drapery at the bed's head, and hear-
that Master Jones, smut g .	‘	anJ tbey all knew that their ultimate	aKUAID OF A DUKE.	mg in its center I he arms embroidered
et.cady, cl	th. t tor, a	recovery not only depended on the ^ young lady, who from too much again, but in large an 1 more elabvr-
bodly m;o the mom.	voyage, but largely on the efforts they noVel reading, had got to believe that ate design.
The statement,	m torth themselves.	„Ue was the heroine of a novelette, _
that Capta.n Hunt am u	Of late year* there is no mental dis- um, to prevent being abducted by a orthodox is the very modern fumed
ed h m is incorrect, t e a ippe «	wh.ch baa occupied the attention weal(by puke had been wont to hide oak dressing table, which ia often in
for h.s cons, in a *• p m ' i ^ l)ra;n apecialiets more than hallu- {Q ooai ^lani garrets of houses and elwny and polished bone inlaid in dom-
The competition to achieve other queer places, imagined that the ino pattern, provided with pewter
eight-sided pivoted
chorused the crew.
"Yea, mum delignied at be rag understood ao
essay.
Mrs. Hunt looked across the road to the fields ttreiciirag beyond she suddenly urought her gaie back and luokrag full at her husband, uttered just two word*—
•Ok, Joel’"
"A»k the mate
Then
Even more of a departure from the
cried the frantic
skipper.
"Yes, 1 know what the mate’ll
I’ve no utred
counting
in the house by the simple expiana tion that be had adopted them explanation which Mr. Samuel Brown fur one. finds quite easy of accept-
said Mrs. Hunt.
to ask h m."
"Charlie and Harry were with Sam when the boy txwne up to them, protested the skipper.
"I’ve no doubt." said his wile
say
cmatione success
An
especially among public men, %)jke WOuld probably become diaheart- handles, and fierce that mental disorders of tlLedf j saw her ciean ng out the mirror. The top of this type of dressing table is always covered with a heavy fcheet of proven glass on which
an
10 so
the motit distressing kind unknown lû cafo;ne daily and waiting at dinner the last century are rapidly on the in-Not that persons so afflicted
ance
WILL POWER TRIUMPHED
1 ips the most intellectual car- hot curl.ng tongs and drops of cologne mad. People subject to hullucin- ta;nly tjje moet famous, of all the pa- have no effect, and beside every coo-
a well known barrister, ven.euce lor blowing all the dainty
utensds of the toilet, there are one
Oh,
t
Joe! Joe: Joel*
'There >va» mu uncomfortable silence, during which ihe crew, a landing for the most part ou uue leg in sympathy with their chiefs e il Uii raiment, nudged each other to say something to clear the character of a m-n a bum a il esteemed.
“You ungrateful little demon,” burst out Mr. Legge. at length; after the kind way the skipper treated y hi,
crease
THE CRIME OF SNEERING.
are
simply victims of certain
Even so late In tbs century as the gtiona are
time of thi mirriage of our queen it false perceptions engendering a belief wjlo< from sheer overwork and nerv-
was looked upon as a grois breach of | ;n something which has no existence oudnedS had become a prey of a cur- or two secret drawers to which t *
in hallucination. Imagine a gentle- mysterious and most precious agents mounting a chair the moment he for beauty can be confided in perfect
and bursting into security. The washstand, quite unlike
as the
tient», was
outs.de the senses.
SHïNESS SOON WORE OFF
gooi minner» to sn*eze in company.
In th) time of that bluff sailor-king William IV., tha then duke of
Norfolk was referral to as some-	soon wore
thing of a boor," anl only for sneex-	lb^y ^ad	been	at sea a week, all were	>ur the first three	months he had no	French call it,	is topped and backed
ing violently at a state banquet	^ their	ease	chatting about their	ceding, but the heavens, for he lived	with the most	beautiful transparent
Sir F. Hasting* Doyle, in hi^ autobio-	eympt(>me Wlth refreshing candor. A	and slept on deck, hj duties being	tiles	of glass, emerald green when the
graphy, relates how, even in the 5J's,	mi>re variod assortment of delusions	to keep all the brusswork	well	polish-	oak	;s bamboo color, or ruby red for
lxjrd Halifax was	walking with Lord	^ Would have been impossible to have	e<l. After leaving Melbourne it	grew	ce Jar-dyed wood, and according to the
Dun las when the	litter suddenly be-	together. Those who found no	<*> bitterly cold that he begged	to be	uew mode in furniture building, a
to mike hi loons faces to such a	at aea for the exerc.se of their allowed to sleep below.	wardrons or what is better described
He was told that he could try it, aa a clothes caumet, forms an im-One of the quickest recove a w is	hut R ho tried to touch t lie	ling	portant item in o fumed oak set.
• h ll I run for	the doc •" Lord	lbill sstodfcbroker, whose f	ho would have to go back. It	then	^ ig Zanily more than a coinraon-
Danias gave a peremptory No/ as	bV ruae aQj fell dur.ng the African	became a case of will power, aud will	|||f|C0 chiffonier, but provided with
far as bt was abl3. When he ha 1	^.eia that he presently developed a	power triumphed.	wings that serve especially as hung-
rrc-averol from th3 paroxysm, he sad;	ef that any street in which he	One of the few failures	was	an old	iQg	receptacles for delicate dress
"I was only in thi agonie» of try ng wM WUlk.ng, divided as he passed lady who regularly every evening be- Wj|iat8 1)own center of the bone not to sneeze. ibe awful court ett-	alt>ng in	two	halves, one presenting	lieved that sue was	a letter which hud	gn<l etM>ny inlaid pewter bundled
I tte La regard to this mitter has	g dleep ascent, the oilier a steep de-	been written for	dispatch by the	rlolhM ca»,inet	runs a row of ehal-
mide me rtully li miny a time. Now- 60eQl Ue used, generally, to choose night nail. After sticking a stamp jOWi delightful bow fronted drawers adays 1 cannot, from long habit, real- lb<5 ascent, and to the amusement of on her forehead she used to get into for bolding laces and gloves and blindly sneese, but the sensation that ^ spectators, toil along the level the bed she had brought on hoard. She ^chiefs and fans and things, while brings about sneezing simply agon- thoroughfare as if he were going up accounted for her presence in the ju tfae winrfi| js hanging space for Des me, And I know many el ierly hUl There being no streets at sea, morning by explaining thaat the re-	ion9 t0o delicate to swing sin-
gen Dmen wE) suffer the same/ ^he weakened nerves wh ch had con- latives to whom she had been dispatch- Qng heaVy skirts, or if shelves are 1 he same rule appliel and st.ll ap-	the impression to the optic nerve *d had affixed a fresh stamp aud re- waU|IMi [t |a perfectly easy to slip
plies in sonxd 0 1S3S, i i an even greater flooQ recovered tone, and on n ng posted berHHHH degree on the continent. The late Bombay ^ returned to England over-of Russia, th) father of the pre-	cured. The spirit of emulation
sent ruler, once hazarded the op.oion wbicb tbifi speedy recovery gave birth tbit a certain distinguished Eng-Lc-bman was "much wanting in polish and good manners/* because he, poor man, sneezed at a Russian court reception
free-and-easy aa waa his court in tain matters, looked upon sneezing in his presence as a great liberty.

man
The shyness which character.! M the entered a room
off, and before tears if he failed to touch the ceiling, the commonplace " lavabo,’*
too.
' DM he treat him kindly?" inquired the captara’s wife, in conversational
tones.
Like s fa—like a uncle, mum
gan
gree hr Lord II illfax be ne ser - | j^tus.ons soon recovered ously alarmed and gaspid
a.iid the thoughtless Mr. Legge. "Lave passage on the ship and fatriy We was all surprised at
im a
spoilt im the fuss 'e made of
1 s'pose he'll be all right," said the sk pper, uneasily; " there’s food and a bed down the fo'c’s’le. You ( might ju.>t look lound to-night ai Ii.irr>?
>ee he’s safe. I expert we'll have to Ue turned to his friend, but on Mr take him back to London with us
ou* ;

im, waan t we
Green’s f.tce there was an express on of such utter scorn and contempt that hh own fell. He glanced at the skipper, and was a.most frightened at hui appearance.
The situation was ended by Mrs. Hunt entering the house and clos.ng the door with an ominous bang men slunk off, beaded by Mr. Legge; and the mile, after a few mui mured words of encouragement to the a ; p-also departed. Captain Hunt looked first at the small cause of his
They turned up a small road in the direction of home, and walked on in silence, until the mate, glancing behind at an acquaintance, who had just passed, uttered a sharp exclamation. The ‘skipper turned, and a small figure w hich had Just snot round the corner, stopped in mid-career and eyed rbem warily. The men exchanged uneasy glances.
Father," cried % small voice.
" lie—he’s adopted you now," said
qu
The
in a series of the very lightest wov-
trays that take up so little that they add nothing to the
per
en wire
ESQUIMAU DKESb-M AKERS
cz ir
trouble who had drawn off to some Or you. ' sa d the mate I never d.stance, and then at the house i hen
with a determined gesture, he turned the handle of the door and walked
space
Furs are the only possible dress of weifcjht of the wardrobe and are ad-to worked splendid cures through lie thtl Animaux, aud of these they must ^able inventions for the simple con-will power invoked.	have an abundance, else they will per- versitm 0£ a prcaa into a hanging
"I know my hue bind ia not sitting	ish with cold. When the aun is above	doset	#t	„ momenfe	notice
in that chair," a lovely young widow	the horizon, the women spread the	tr>¥>	have lotks „„ their edges that
would eay, " but I find it so ifficult	skin of seal, and reindeer, and bear,	Utl[ea	in	,ittle ,crew	eTe|eta along
to persuade myself that the sight can	pegging them out hide up, and allow .	. tfae ss	eDll when the
When l approach what 1 them to dry thoroughly. Once dry,	are not in ule they present
i be skipper, huskily
i
t<>ok much notice of him "
Master
He looked round o Jones was following briskly, about tan yards in the rear, and twenty yards behind him came the crew, who, haring seen him quit the ship, had followed with the evident intention of being in at the death.
• Father,” cried the boy again, "wait
The
in. His wife, who was sitting in an
erm-chair, with ner eyes on the floor,
remained motionless.
"Look here, Polly----, he begun
"Don’t talk to me." waa the reply.
"I wonder you can look me in the
face."'
The skipper ground hi» teeth, and strove to maintain an air of judicial
Even the late Napoleon HI .
cer-
deceive me
think i» my husband, my hand so ex- they are, of course, aa stiff as boards, pect» to reel itself on the dear one’s and before they can be made into gar-sboulder that I cannot prevent it ments the fibres must be broken. Ac-dropping when it finds nothing there.’’ cordingly the women bend the hide She was made to walk through the double, making a crease through its phantom figure and chair whenever length. Ik-ginning, then, at one end, they appeared, with no result. At last they chew steadily to the other. Then, discovered that she carried a creasing the bide a little farther on,
This they chew again, and repeat the simple process until every inch of the surface
no difficulties in storage.
Husband, looking at his wife's check book—You should number every check
Wife—But I don't
for me.”	.	. .
One or two passers-by stared in
tonishment, and the mate began to
be uneasy a a to the company he waa
Who Could It Have Beenf—Angry Politician-See here I I've a good notion to have you arrested for libeL Whit do you mean bp picturing me
Cartoonist—Burt the Angry Poll-doe# I I know it Bat do I look Uke a man wh#
calm.
"If you'll only be reasonable----
he remarked, severely.
send out.
you
want to, dear. I am ashamed to let the bank know how many I use.
it was
portrait of her late husband waa confiscated, and the chef feign, g Indisposition she waa persuade! te has been chewed, and, with fibres take his place till she recovered. Dis broken, the skin ia flexible enough to traction was what she wanted, and be sewed into garments.
"I thought there was something
secret"going on, said Mrs. Hunt. Some one says that a woman never "I’ve often looked at you when you've talks when she is doing up her h nr. been sitting in that chair, with a wor- Perhaps it is because her mouth is ried look on your face, and wondered full of hairpins at that stage of L. what it was. But I never thought It game
Let's separate/' he growled, and who's he calling after."
The skipper caught him by the Shout out to him to go back,"
as you hive f pic tire lot*» like you. tic an—I know it <_
• #'
do !
.1 i*l merit#
- it’s you he's after. I tell you,"
###PAGE###3###
I
I
!f


i
K
*
f



UNREQUITED LOVE.
“ M «a B>ld wood took a hag away with her,’ lit* «aid,
Ltt8hni.tr tagged the servant to tell after a long Mra. Mi neb in that lie would wait upon gUeooBu " l»* y«u know what wue m her a1	-11 o k precisely, but dial
it r
THE DATE DE UEKATIOH
Estimate* of the time required foe the formation of the earth have twee compiled from various dat*. among
Time
which has elapsed since the séparatioo of the earth and moon, .0(1,000,000 years,
'fleuri*!* Differ on «lie Age of »h«* iVorlii I minimum estimate by Prof. G. H. Uar-
—*•»«••• rince it m hi,ajo.oos	| win. 2. Since the consistentier stra-
il her* at to siin.eoo
I
>v

if «he could find it In her heart to | COMPUTING THE WORLD’S AGE BY | which are the following " Only a few of her	my lord, Me# v.' him #oon#r a telegram to I hut
just th we eue wan fondest of—and a effect would add to b.s sens» of ot>
1
t,
GROWT.I OF STALACTITES
a
****> C-
change of clothes, perhuia,—nothing ligation
Mo»\ nt peace, yea I It was peace Ing in the middle of 'I Idas/ and I more. It wue only u email carpet she sighed for. At the castle ahe had stoppe!
not Lvu at peace. 1 hare had been a till the poem was finished passionate revolt for ever
" And yon can tell your mistress that h s lordship ia a staunch believ-
1 should not think her wardrobe er, ’ added üloki*.	I Professor Farrington, of Chicago I Lord Kelvin,
| "What	a pity you did not secure	Wflrt very extensive," said Lashmur. •* Nothing would Induce lier to	aee	University, has returned from	an ex-	tion of	the oceans, 80,000,000 to 00,-
In her	soul, s revolt against the	aerv-	her hy a	more binding engagement,"	"She always wore the same gown.”	h.m if sue didn	t	think I hat," answer-	plorution of the famous caves	of In-	000,000	years, maximum estimate by
iiu.le	which she bore so meekly, a	sneered Clarice; "you should have	' She had just tbs mams as «In- rest	**,, the «tervant.	We all have to Us	be-	diana, where he obtained specimen* | prof. J. J. Joly. Lord Kelvin's estlm-
aeiiM of wounded pride which a	prin-	made her	Lady Lash mar and then she	<>f os 'ny lord. Three gown* a year—	levait* here."	of carboniferous formation, by	means
c«v*h ttf the blood royal might have would have lieen always on the spot two everyday undone bettermoet." I here was no more to be done. Lash- of wbicb be hopes to establish a fairly felt. And she had never suffered that to read to you and your mother." " I want you to g ve me a piece of mar (j|„V4i ^r< ^lok.w back to Avon- ««Jurats estimate of the earth’s age.
Lash mar reddened angrily, but re- one of her everyday gowns, " mud ,iaiv through the Au^uino dusk, umidst | The chance of large inaccuracies bus
frai ne, I from speech.	Laehmar, ’ Juai a scrap «V the stuff,
" 1 cannot help I*ing amused your simplicity iu supposing that this
the threshold, spellbound, , bag. ’
tus, 20 million tu 40 million ; «xre, by
on

3. Since tbe condensa-
going on
ate, wbicb he would make nearer twenty millions than forty millions, is founded on the assumption that since the period of the consistent!*: stratus the earth has cooled simply as a solid body, tbe transference of the heat from within outward being accomplished solely by conduction.
I Prof. Joly argues that tbe oceans consisted first of fresh water, and thsl I its salt ness is due to tbe dissolved matter that is being carried into It constantly by the rivera. By determining how much salt the rivers bring down each year into the sea a calculation was then made by this experimenter as to the number of years it the of a gu<«, quill. Tbia cor- requUed to	the „„a wilh
respond» well with tbe Australian the „e|t lhat it now contaiml. «talactite that enlarged three-quar- ADOtLer raliœate was on the
z	“¦»"	| E}.BE Sz/^'''"' I=zzz :=
America. If we study the history of
agony of inward shame so acutely aa when Victorian was at the castle.
So the friendly compact between the demagogue'* daughter and that honest and somewhot m id Radical, Mr.Chop-
been admitted by all who have wrest-
lump lu,leu leave», newly up turned eailh and weed burning.
To lie Continued.
Ouuin u
cut off anywhere—a cuff, fur inala 11(44.'*
led with the question, but Prof. Farrington, while not making any claims for hie findings in advance, believes that bis method is the most plausible of all yet tried and the most likely to give satisfactory results.
The si*ecimen which furnishes a key
at
\ es my lord," answered fl tsy, as
young person bus gone no further
man was sea n Stella was to occupy j than the nearest town," exclaimed | if he had ask; I for a glass of water the little i"o a un the half-flight so Cl.a rice with oi>en sca.ii n. 14 it long as ahe lilted, and was to have as much more likely that she is in Lou- [®lî|y here.1' many lit tie stone Ixit I Ice of ink out
You can go and fetch it while I
F E D FOR EXPLORERS.
not
N-epf tor Tln»*r W11 li «• •Il l»r .Irra lu * ml»
A IN'-rira#
When we recall that the Spaniards I t^ Wyandotte crossed houth America from sea to sea
Daley came back with a black mar-
don or Paris ?"
of the shop and as many of those steel ni ha which Mr. Chapman bought at «eve 11 pence a gross and retailed at four a penny as ever she chose to
"If you will take the trouble to in* cuff cot neatly off the sleeve and comprehend th<at «he had alwulul ely | pinned in a wheel of notepaper.
1 i came off one of every Ha y
to the compulation was taken from
A stalactite
cave
which was broken off in 1850 has in
gowns, 1 supposa, one that she has more 1 *n M three centuries ego the fifty years since then enlarged
tbai i,earl# ewy elty on Us WMie we*jthrw-Wtbe of an im=b in lengi* and
founded in the age of the Columbian
no money wben «be left the castle—'* began ^awhrnar angrily.
“But 1 cannot comprehend that. I I worn a good deal."
consume.
Polly sj)ent the whole day devouring a manuscript story and wholly absorbed in the fiction and even of
Y oh, sir ; 1 took it off tbe oldest
am sure, judging by Mr. Nectoriue'e
explorers it s+ems strange that to-day ou/ southern neighbor is the least known of all the continents. There are
air when th<**e two were walking in of her gowns
the park together at dusk the other | threadbare. '
" That will do."
The stuff is a I moat
*1
fering the writer I ho tribute of an evening, if «he had said,‘Lend iny fifty occasional tear
pounds," he would have rushed to his
Jem Barnsby dropped in at tea-time not the elegant five o'clock tea of polite life, but a solid seven o'clock meal which marked the close of t be day’s labor and served at once for tea and supper. Very savory was the board which Mrs. Chapman spread in
her cosy little kutchen where the , quiet ministrations ; but she was
family meals were usually eaten; with troubled far more by the way Vic-
one ceremonious exception made m tor 1*0 b&d taken the event
favor of Sunday Nmi. which was al- should be be so grieved, so angry f j tr«. Lord Lawhmar went straight to
ways served in the pa 'dor.	lie, who had affected to despise and |1 lJO*i0e aliun. Las lunar asked if
Jem listened intently to the account dislike his dead brother's protege
of Miss Bold wood's literary proclivi- Yes, he had been hard, unaympath- P** u clairvoyuny resident in Brumm.
ties and to Polly's glowing description etic, cruel, with the inherent cruelty M b® sergesnt thought not. I here
of the story she had just been read- j of selfish boyhood. How different from wae ut> cal1 for elan voyants. 1 here
that tender nature of b.s brother's, | "W®'* a livm« u> [*>	in lb lt
line.
check-book that instant."
" I do not think that she would ask I U tund that serious countenance of
Mr. Nestorius for fifty pounds or five	Th<e pbastnn was at the door
w li**u he went down to tin* hall II *
it in deterinin-
If accumulated at the rate of one ing how long it has taken the * Pillar | foot in a century more than 26,000,001
of the Constitution,* to form. Jim* pii-
Soutb American expioration we find some suiprising facts. One is t hat up to l(7.> not a single government in that continent had sent out sin eipeditions or spent any money to explore the unknown parts of their territories. Until within the past few years nearly all the exp oration of this century in that continent, excepting n Argentina and C'b li, h is been ib nsuit oi pri ate ente i prise. A tev\ explorers from North America and many mure from Lui ope have made mo.->L of tk.s century's additions to our geographical knowledge of South America, except iu the buuihern part of tbe continent.
l b us it happens that none of the Cordil.erau states trom Venezuela to Chili h is as yet emerged 1 rum the htage ul rough, pioneer exploration. A considerable part of their territory, as
iu the southeastern part of Co.ombia,	feet ,brvuKb a passage only six-	.	,	L ...
is «UH almost whu.ly unknown, tome teen incbefl "Me. As the explorer is a t^rust	tbe	green Iugf
oi thorn, like tio ivia, have made no at- man of Kood proportions, he found it	lc,a« before tiwrB be lx>UKete
To turn was out of “ vur gloves-for there are, 1 believe.
Through this little
years must have elapsed during tbs formation.
lar is an accumulation of St. Louis limestone, 2j feet high and 70 feet in circumference, found iu the Wyandot t e cave, With th*s accomplished the Chicago scientist believes that be The ancient wore a single pouch at will have a fairly accurate idea of his belt; the modern his—how many how many years it took the whole pookete Lu an ordinary costume for limestone stratum to accumulate.	outdoors? Let us count them. In
pounds."
L.idy Laehinar had not api-eured ! 0"'y "'"PI*' inquire if there were that day. She wus much troubled by ja,,y telegram», ami finding no tid-
Steila e flight and sorely missed her | iu«" frlMU Uw suspected Nealoriua. lie
drove off at once on hie way back to tirumm.
On arriving at the commercial cen-
EVOLÜTION OF THE POCKET
Why
The work was attended with con-
the trousers five, in the waistcoat five, in the jacket five, in the overcoat
there was any person professing to
stant difficulties and much danger
The Wyandotte being the oldest and five, making twenty in all—a full must interesting of the Indiana caves b<x,re little pokes or bag*, and afin ore time was spent there and more rangt-d *o conveniently ihit they are
thorough investigations made
The bCarce noticed. Truly tha m an evolution I How long may it be before
lug
Marengo, another of the large caves, the Shiloh and the Cohn caves were j we ***« puokets Ln our hatha misais» v.sited. It was necessary for the | wbele lbe DLshtnan carnes his pipe,
th Mo ,ir bis toothbrush, and, i ter*
" We ought to be able to find some- which he had once despised and which thing for you to do at our place," | he now began to admire, said Jem, grandly, with the air of
a sub-editor at the very least, “Do I ladyship’s rooms and knocked at the you think you could manage a Lon- | door of that small apartment which don letter ?"
" Lor', Jem, why she's never been in London in her life."
There was nothing for him to do
Ha went to the corridor outside her I bul 8° baclt to tbti cusU« aa aooD a"
h « horses' mouths had been washed
professor to penetrate the Wyandotte ca ve
for two milcva and then crawl ually, the pettifogger his legal paper»,
papers that his predecessor#
out
lie left the phaeton in the hotel yard and sauntered l.stlessly along tbe street, looking at shop windows and window bills in sheer vacancy of mind ; and it was in this condition that he almost ran into his old acquaintance, Mr. Stokes, of Avondale, the fain ly practitioner.
" You are the very person 1 want to see," said Stokeâ. " I heard of you at tbe hospital just now. inquiring for a mesmerist. I'd been up there to see one ot my parishioner* in the
th
was sacred to Barber.
" I want to see your niece, Barber, the young woman who used to look
tempt whatever, except in small dis-| a t‘£kt equee* tricts around their chief towns, carry out oificia. surveys to thank foreign explorers tor must
that they themselves know of their I int«reflt because of the many indications that it was once inhabited by
“ Ah," sighed Mr. Barn#by, " that's I after Stella."
puLeaits covering th.s invention— and in our shoes? The cane also.
to the question
1 Ley have I Patiflage he removed hie specimens.
The Wyandotte cave proved of great
against it, ain't it? or else if she Betsy was sent for, and appeared had a nice smart way of putting any with swo len eyelids and all the traces little bit of news or scandal she could | of a night of tears, ok up I might gvt out folks to start
wi h its screw top, begins to bo a Ur-43 ful receptacle
from now, so Lha man with a long
The same condition of affairs is to I Indians. There were parts of part- foresight can clearly see, the main lie observed auioug the Atlantic States ly burned torches, portions of instru- Uljdei lying the w earing of clothes as tar south as Uruguay. TheUuianas, | meats partly completed, and to Prof, j buVÜ 6,11 ^ ire ly changed, lhevh.ef except tor a narrow atrip a.ung the I	Farrington it seemed that the Indians	Purpose of garments will	no longe:
surgical ward ; compound	fracture,-	coasts, are still on the threshold of the	had worked the "Pillar of theConsti-	be considered to	protect	the body
vei y pretty case, and old * M t hr beginnings of exploration. Brasil, with I tution." There were the prints of Ib V	1*» regarded, first of all, as
told me you	had been inquiring for a	a leirilory nearly as large as our	moccasins in the sand, and hollowed	texlUti f<ntoMmns	for innumerable
me^mei.st.	What a very	odd game!	0wu, has not a single establishment |	out places in the walls which evident- I Puckala.
“ It isn’t a game at all," answered Lashmar. “ I have a particular reason for wanting to find a mesmerist, and I thought Dr. Pettifer a prejudiced old fool."
Two centru.es
What have you been crying about?" s 4 Lounger at the Clubs,' don't you | asked bis lordship sternly.
^	I could not help it my lord ; it
The Chapmans saw the possibility I was such a blow. If she should have of this, had Stella been altogether a drowned herself—"
own count ne»
#ee f"
" Drowned b#r#*l? I" cried Lashmar, "Or if sh'd been thoroughly up to I in an awful voice. “How dare you trap about the theatres, now! II If j say such a thing?" a column of greenroom gossip three
different person
" I will have the river dragged tournes a week would go down like but- j night," he thought “secretly#### ter scotch with our subscribers."
after
tu mage a carefu. geographical study ly served as seats. The cave bus been oi any part ot its vast domain. Ail the known to whites since 1812 and must oi'licial explorations that have been have been familiar to the Indians long
dark. I'll go out with the
men my" But, my dear Jem," remonstrated I self. There shell be no talk, or scan-Polly vexed at her admirer’s obtuse- | dal."
1 hen. after a hurried thought or She has written the j *wx> *n th? corridor he went back to loveliest story I have read for ever so | where he had left Betsy.
" I want you to give me something “Ah! but that's a big line. I don’t j that belonged to Miss Boldwood," be see a chance for her with that game. Mid ; “something she has worn or Why, our proprietors give their thou- was fond of."
BOW CAMPHOR IS PREPARED
Camphor la obtained by steaming
made in auy part of Brazil are the before that. The entrance first used
work 01 some of the individual States. I is yet a mystery, an opening having I camphorwood chip* in roughly built lie is, answered Stokes, pleasant- fccuicely tt traveler ha* crossed any of | been made by drilling.	I furnaces set up in the hill districts,
ly. “ You were quite right there. But the northeastern states from Mai an- An experience in the Cohn cave was A vapor arises from the steaming if a medium can be of any use to qau to Pernambuco, and muib of .he accompanied by no little peril. The j wood and condenses in cooled wooden you, I think I can introduce you to interior, except aiong the river courses, oxptorer was lowered forty feet by I n«v..ptucles, forming a snowl ke de-one ui the lx*it in England. I was is still qu.te uuKuuau. ihu wide wil- means of a ro[*e into a cavity about po^t of camphor, containing, how-go ng to the Lion on the chance of demesne# between the large tribu- tbe 8-*0 a well. In order to get aver, some quantity of oil. After refinding you when you very nearly taries of the Amazon are completely | the desired specimens some blasting | moving the cunphor from the
a terra incognita.
Iu Argentina, however, very satis
diumf You mean spirit-rapping, and factory progress has been made that kind of thing."
news, “Miss Boldwood is a novelist— • born novelist
long."
Betsy stared at him in blank won-What motive could he have in
sands and fifteen hundreds down for
OOM-
der
a fooliton, and they want bit names
If she were only to make a success I asking such a thing, he who had now, they'd have her to-morrow. Pen- er shown the sligbtesr kindness to her, baps if she was to knock off a little poor dear ?
caps xed me."
" How kind of you, Stokes. A me-
was necessary, and, as no one could dewier it is allowed to drain in tube be found who would undertake the j b, until a considerable portion of the in cx-| Prof. Farrington did it himself. Af- 0 \ ^as run off
nev-
The cru le camphor
piorutiuu in the past quarter of acen- I ter being lowered he lit the fuse and I ^ tfcon plic^d in large iron retorts it was in ibü2 that the first | retreated as rapidly as poor facilities i an<i after the ownings in the latter
lie crossed a pool 1mm been c! I and sealed, air is
Perhaps you would like to see her
story for the Christmas number, I might get our chief to look at it, and I °M rooms," she faltered. " There's lots If he were to like it, and could find things belonging to her I here." room for it, thare’d be a fi’pun* note " Yes, let me see the rooms." in Miss Bold wood's pocket, and it He ran up to the tower followed would be getting in the thin end of j breathlessly by Betsy.
There’s been nothing touched since " I'll try," said Stella ; "it is very | bi* lordship, died," said Betsy.
You mean that Stella never had
"I believe it is something in that tury
way. I have never seen the young collected results of the Government s I would permit lady perform, but 1 am told she is activity in this direction were seen in | nine feet in depth by means of really wonderful
forced In to hasten the evaporation.
the large at.a* of the country prepared! plank that he had taken down with I gBre % cry*talizea as flowers of camper-	uuuer the direction of the geographer	him, then crawled through a hole that	pjj0r
eon	who	exhibits	her	supernatural	Seeistraug. Argentina has the au van-	scarcely admitted bis body and climb- '	p, esauig
tiige ot geological aud meteorological	ed a fifty foot wall before he felt rea-	fjrst	shaping	the	camphor	into	the
“ Nothing	iof	the	kind.	She	is a	establishments and foreign scientilic | sonably secure. In this cave there is	form	0f a	block	by	the	use of	woo les
young woman who lives with a very men in the service of the State and the a beautiful pool, the sides of which %iolds. eccentric old lady on the outskirts of universities, whose labors have largely I are lined with crystals of calcite that this town. She discovered remarkable enhanced the value of all official geo-| gleam like diamonds gifts in a littic girl who used to run graph.cai work. The systematic study
a
la she a public performer
The camphor Is now ready for
This is accomplished by
the wedge into the bargain."
powers for money ?"
t i
kind of you to intérêt yourself for me."
any exf these things in her possession after my brother s death ?" interrogated Lashmar.
" No, my lord, her ladyship sent her
CHAPTER XX
Mr. Pitt: Do you know why we go
I# I Tbe professor	he
...	errands for her dressmaker. Old Mrs. WlhOb both Aigeulina and Chill have I evidences iu the Shiloh cave which dis- to the :	t ior i few weeks in thi
torius, sent as soon as the village » 8 «‘P ^ he housemaids'dormitory Mincbin was so struck with this child for t.ume years giveu to the ranges prove the old theory that caves are summer Î Mr. Penn: To rest, of course
post-office opened on the morning af- |	01 ^ »n { of jhe castle, and then ^iit nine years old, that she along their common frontier have I formed by earthquake*. He says it is No; we go to be salted
- - . . u 1 M^n tx;l|e(l hp evei adopted her. She is highly hysteri- made this ihe best-known part of the brought about by water running when 16ince- T a *P ought the ca| un(j ^jjghtjy epileptic; and 1 be- South American Cordillera*.
PI	.	lieve she has worn out her young life Just as sportsmen travel thousands
seat in the neighborhood of Edinburgh v‘fllt0,ra. and then ihere were alter- ^lling up spirits for old Mrs. Min- of miles to reach the big game of to the effect that Mr. Nestorius would alit>nfi to ** LUUtl° * but ber lady- c^n jy you woui(i jjke to ^ her—" central Africa, India and Manchuria, be at Lashmar Castle next morning. 16b*P Kavo freed orders everything
"He is not afraid to face us," said
Lord Lashmar’» telegram to Mr.Nes-
f
Then wet re-After that,
ter Stella’s flight, brought no reply
late the afternoon, ____________
there came an answer from a ducal I roomfl tn.ght be wanted some day for
turn home to be smoked
over
k#*ef> until the next season
and dissolving the limestone
SAVED FROM AN OPERATION
-< I should, above all things,’1 inter- explorers will turn, in the next century, to the large, untravvr eJ areas of
was to be left aa it was."
rupted Lashmar
“ I	think I can manage it. Have you	^°utL America as the best fields the
They	are	time	to drive as far as Thorleigh ?"	world has now to offer for	original,
I He	took the doctor back to the hotel	pioneer research in the way	of geo-
all last night and all that day by I ib<)y w«r« certainly given to her/	and	they both got into the phaeton	graphical discovery.
rankling suspicion that Nestorius had	^ct6y meekly; “but with
induced Stella to elope with him and | cbi^d	age of course that doesn't
count."
With Its Dangers, Pain and Expense and Thoroughly Cured of Torturing Itching Piles by
Dr. Chase’s Ointment.
Hut these things belong to Misa
Lashmar, relieved by this reply; for in spite of her ladyship’s conviction I Boldwood," said Lashmar, to the-contrary, he had bee a tortured I Personal property."
a and drove off to Thorleigh
Is it any wonder that physicians	one box cured me, so that the lumps
and druggists are unanimous in re-	disappeared and also the external
commending Dr. Chase's Ointment as	swelling. I feel like a different man
( Lhi* only actutl cure for piles? Is it	to-day and have not the least doubt
Poking should	be	an	interesting	any wonder that ministers and prom-	that Dr. Chase's Ointment saved me
siyht	when tha	fashionable	men	who	inent business and professional men	from a very dangerous and painful
11„ t «.I d i
h ,	. .	to the most dismal drawing-room,the will doubJoss be many lumentat.ons asperating itching? Operations this testimonial, knowing that Dr.
reading girl was the most important	wafl nei iQoyanipa wish that former had ever seen. There was no when they learn the worst anl find wi b the accompanying risk, expense Chase's Ointment has done so much tog
person in the house, she said at lunch- nothing should be removed from this fire and the room smelt of mildew, i moat of thdir cherished hibiliments an^ ar® no longer necessary. Dr. me.	aZ'you ses^it^for The
hour in the hope of at least seeing to have purchased all the most gor- bidding or ^rotruding^ *ilcb n*,t Rev. J. A. Baldwin, Baptist minister, Mrs. Minchin, if not the medium; but gcOU# fUrs and fishlouable embroil- Rev. S. A. Dupran, 'Methodist minis- Arkons, Got., writes the elderly parlor maid who had tak-	from the looters at a auct.on ter, Consecon, Prince Edward County# ?‘ ff'L-	itrhina oZil
very violent form. Large lumps or «	® allv nermnnoat benefit Whea
ed in a seance and could not see any pw&n homes and curio establishments abetsaes formed so that it was with ab*ut i < give up in despairJ was told
one that evening.	and the Chinese dude will hive to get	difficulty and considerable U9e Dr. Chase a Ointment and dl4
j**® tltot 1 wae. eble to »tooL At go (inding relkf at once. I used three
wu WOTlh 10 k',ook 11 ber door with ta-te tor tbe .plendid and co.tljr orna- Ô^Dr''cbise'YoiDt^nt bat “ h!d ^7t'rh“g	Th^.dïS*
your message, ’ she told the doctor, meats which delighted Peking.	DttIn or no faith in it; as I had tried others to use it. believing it wo#W
“but I was anxious to oblige you; She	'?	various remerlies before and to no eure them ms it has mV1
purpose.	Dr. ChHae'e Ointment wO cants a box,
“Now, imagine bow great end <oyoaa at all dealers or Edmioaoe, Bates # was toy surprise to find that just the Co., Iwvnte,

Beyond the modern suburb of Thor- CHINESE FINERY CAPTURED BY
that his intentions were not altogether honorable.
leigh, there was a straggling old vil-
¦	<e	doee eouQt." mattered lage of shabbiest cottages, and beyond
Lady Carminow did not attempt to La*lunar, “ Nobody has the right to the village there stood the house of hide her disgust at the fuss that was | brea^ faith with • child. If
brother gave her tbeee things they are hers."
But It
™y Mrs. Minchin.
Lashmar and Stokes were shown in-
being made about Stella’s flight.
"I had no idea that Lady Laehmar's
I
eon
“She is very important to my things are just as they were left af-mother," answered Lashmar, moodily; *er b;A lordship's death. Night after “ no one else can read as well, and to	she used to sit up, with her
be read to is the opj^. relief for my | P°°r little ends of candle, poring over
her grammars sud her dictionaries un.
“ You should Witte to Mrs. Dallas Itil! 1 thought she'd wear her poor eyes for a good reader. I dare say in her elocution caisses she has a doien girls who can read hotter than M as Bold-wood.'8
i
en Mr. .Stokes's message reappeared gale, held for the benefit of the troops, after that lapse of time and inform- end doubtless they will send them ed him that Mrs. Minchin was engag-
mother's nerves/'
They will then grace Euro
out. And it the earns time ehe did all the sewing that was required of her grammars and her dictionaries maid in anything. It was a hard life for such a young creature to lead."
“Yee, it was too hard a life. Her
“ It was almost as much as my place another supply or else modify his
I doubt it ; with her reading was a gift—voice, enunciation, all were perfect. T4 hear her read Milton was lire enureu masio. I happened to go ln<o Mr ladyship's room one morn.
# s
ladyship should have sent her to school. This was no place for her," said Lashmar shortly.
will see Lord Lashmar to-morrow af-
HLs ability to say no" at the right ter noon at four o’clock, if he would time is of more use to a man than
his ability to quote Latin.
like to call.'1
###PAGE###4###
TT
t


THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
Sir Wilfrid Laurier had a great meeting at Toronto on Tuesday night last. He made a most eloquent speech, but it
SHAWV1LLE, OCT. 25, 1900. ! contained not one word of explanation or
—.____________________________________denial of the sweeping charges made
I against his government by Mr. Cook, ex. Liberal M. V. Those charges are more than a match for Sir Wilfrid s oratory. The Conservatives of Russell county | They cannot be refuted, tv# nominated Mr. George U. PeHey to oppose Mr. Edwards.
Removal !
SHAW VILLE.
Wheat, old, (standard) 75 to 77c
14 nen
Oats per bushel, 20 to 23c.
Pease per bushel, (M) to 66n.
Eggs, per dozen, 12o.
Butter, per pound, 17 to IS.
Wool, per pound, lti to lSv.
Pelts, each, 501<> tfoc.
Calfskins, 40 to 80c.
DALE BROS.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . .
70 to 75c
EDITORIAL NOTES
V
HAVE
REMOVED THEIR
Total expenditure for the fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1800, the last year of the Conservative iule, $41,702,383.
....	, 8PHÜFI®	1 For the fiscal year ending June 30,
epeetability of the county by polling a i1900, the past year of Liberal rule, the
good strong vote for G. II. llraUazon on I total expenditure was $62,713,810.
Tinware Shop
Electors of Pontiac, keep up tho re
OTTAWA
HEAD-QUAf{TERS FOR
Butter, print, £5e. peril».
pails, 20 to 22c. per lb Eggs, fresh, Irte. per do*. Potatoes, U) to 45c. per hag. Apples, 35 to 75c. per bag. Lunb, 9 to 1 Ic. per IK Mutton, (i to8c. per lb.
Beef,3) to6c. peril).
Pork, 41 to 7c. per lb.
Chickens. 35 to tkk*. a pair. Oats, 29 to 3th*. per bushel.
Hay, $8.50 to $10.00 per ton. Wool, 11 to 10c. per lit.
to the premises on
Pickanock Street
recently purchased by them and recently occupied by G, W. Swatman.
Nov. 7
A vote for lîrabaism will show that
Robes,
Coats,
Rugs,
Blankets,
Harness,
Collars,
Bells,
Whips,
you condemn a party who while in oppo-Mr. (i. II. Brabazon left on Tuesday of I eitiou promised economy and retrench -last week to complete his organization in | went in the public service, but who on the Temiscarningue district, where his | obtaining power, cast their pledges to
tho winds, and increased the expenditure by ever eleven millions of dollars.
Cutters,
Sleighs,
Sloops,
prospecte are bright
Mr. Murray says all tho leading men of tho county are with him. Tho assertion shows how wantonly reckless may become when he gets dead stuck on a political prize like Pontiac.
In referring to the Georgian Bay Canal scheme in his speech at the Liberal convention, Mr. Belcourt endeavored to im-
Customers will find us with
A full line of Goods
a man
LooK out for
press upon his hearers that Sir Wilfrid Laurier was very friendly to the enter Mr. H. H. Cook, ex-M. P., the gentle- ! Pr‘ae &"d wbuld give the guarantee of inman who came out last week with such a ' tereat asked for tho moment he was terrible arraignment against the Laurier satisfied the construction of the canal was Tarte government, says he will make 'feasible. This sounds all very well, but
was asked $10,- from what we know of the matter Sir	-----
J Wilfrid was in possession of this informa- |	111T	hirge and well selected
I SOI able to suit all customers in style and price, and I know it will be to your advantage to call l^fore you purchase elsewhere.
Washers, Wringers, Churns,
Sewing Machines,
and prepared as usual to execute all ordcra in the jobbing line in a prompt and satisfactory manner.
BARGAINS
DALE BROS.
PONTIAC
IN MILLINERY
ry
^ Shovels,
Axes, &c.
All through the Season
good his charge that he 4)<k) for a seat in the Senate
WOOLLEN
tion before the assembly of Parliament
The Pontiac Advance these days is last session, making deliverance of the goods for McLeod Stewart, the promoter of the which its editor has been receiving pay-1 scheme, informed Tine Equity that the ment on the instalment plan during the ; result of the survey made at the water past two years. 44 Principle be hanged," | shed in the vicinity of Trout Like, (near
Nipissing) was favorable beyond expectations, and that in consequence he had no doubt, whatever, the guarantee would be given. But Parliament met, and anon the matter was brought up, but the gov- j elected mayor of the town of Pembroke. I ernment showed no striking evidence Mr. Prabazon has been eight times elect- ! that it favored the scheme, nor d d it | ed to the position of warden of Pontiac, j promise any assistance hut nobody ever heard him blowing about | te: wards it was understood Sir Wilfrid it. The difference in the two
SMART & SMITH.
O
Tlmnking the ladies of Shawvllle and sur rounding country for their past favors.

MILLS.
»|rs. t. McWilliams.
•ays bespectacled William. 41 We must have the shekels at all cost."
This well-known and reliable establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet tho apurements of the farmers of tho county.
STRAYED
Mr. Murray points with considerable pride to the fact that he has been thrice
One year old hull, dehorned. Owner can have him
by paving expenses.
JOHN T. HUDGINS.
Vann
re-
sume time af
Drugs
Chemicals
Calves Lost.
and
would name a day for another discussion
of the question, but that day never came, j Strayed away, one hrindle and one red Another discharge from tho 44 Ad- and it is unlikely to come. To abler An<* "hite calf. Information of where
vance Railing gun. But emergency hands will be delegated the talk wb eh unVenligned. rmU^lmrlwringl he' dog biscuit ammunition is not 0/ tho kind Sir Wilfrid shrank from because the work ¦»“>* without giving notification of them
to hurt anybody. The vile .tuff, it is wa, too gigantic for a statesman ,f l is ^1^^»^» ItPhlp!'""""*" true, makes a lot of noise, but when the calibre. Never had a government a more	J. U. McGVIRE,
smoke clears little damage is seen to re- favorable opportunity to identify itself	Shawville
êult. tire away, Bill .	: with a great enterprise. It incurred no
risk whatever in giving the guarantee,
it ou id not possibly become the (jjeen a counsel, has again been made ! victim of fraud, as one of the especial standard-bearer of the Liboral-Conservat ! conditions proposed by the company was ive party in \\ right, and it Is said that that not one cent of the guarantee was to his chances are brighter than ever before, be paid until the work would be com-Mr. McDougall is one of the ablest men plete, and then only in the event of the i.i the province, and we shall be delight* | canal being unable to ed if ho succeeds this time
men
Our stock of Cloth
Including nil the finest makes in
SERGES,
TWEEDS,
WORSTEDS,
&c. &c„
ftuc
are needed every day
IFB
».
Cl
the idea of independence.
If we are true to our record we will exhibit to the world the unique, the prtcedonttd example of a nation achieving its independence by slow degrees and as naturally as the ripe fruit falls from the parent tree.
" The Minister of
Mr. J. M. McDougall, the eminent - and
will be found choice and complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED,
un-
In the Kitchen
A. HODCINS,
PROROPRIETOR
Finance reproached me a moment ag) that l had staled in pay its own ex- Boston that the Canadian people have ponses. Yet it seemed that Sir Wilfrid’s interests altogether at variance with the
government regarded the project as too	(,’f th.® Mo‘her Country.
*“u one thousand dollars for every the work by a private company with its the goal of my aspirations is the inde dol'ar of interest Mr. B/abaz m has in own funds afforded little prospect to the t>dndence of Canada -to see Canada
| srrs °r;r rr %	'"Slr
of tais individual. Mr. Murray’s rating would be no toll-taking in the sense that
according to the agency mentioned is not | term is understood by gentlemen of the of the kind people should blow about
\ axilla and Cream Tartar for Cakes, for instance ; one is a drug, of course ; the other a “ chemical and there
are others—Spices of all kinds, Cloves, Cinnamon, Ac. I M Q DIFFERENCE.
The best place to get drugs is at a Drug Store. The Drug-1 J"
gist knows more about them than other people. We
keep a good Drug Store. Come and ask us about Kitchen Drugs.
The fact that the name of
our place of business has !»een changed from Parkman to Starke’s Corners makes no difference with us.
We are still in the old stand, doing bustness on the same fair, square-dealing lines ami ever ready to meet the requirements of our customers.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NEW AND COMPLETE STOCK OF
an
Ol’K DO YOU PPEFEK THIS
When tho Loyalists withdrew from their old homes and raised the standard of Britain on the soil of Canada it their purpose to create a sister British nation that should bo an added glory and a source of strength to the British crown.
“ Tiitir work, performed amidst strug-great nservativo	party of Canada, the	gl* and hardship,	etUI livee. To us	have
would have at	least	oue thousand	major	party of progress,	who undertook and	l,he>' l‘a!iied d?wn llic honours n,*l	pnv-
I
But	after all tho	s4ate	task of making the	Ottawa and Georgian	“ Be it ours to	cherish this great	her-
menUa	just	hko one of Thomas’ extract-	Bay Canal a grand reality, when "the	!ta*° and to build	up in this vast Domin-
people of Canada again place in their |h“ ^%T"rer’Lt1ached\o Um 'Zupile i hands tho reins of power.	and ever true to our flag,
o .berals of Ottawa gave William	—	----- 41 Numbered among the British com-
i b<~ *
nominated in his stead Mr. Robert Stew- I	_____ w? e*\a11 advanc« af w# could not other-
nor bought to quit the field, gracefully re- J* Henri N. Bourasaa to define his re-1	^
who tried to | lations to the Liberal party, and extracted " If we had but Ten Thousand a
from him the avowal that he is the gov-1	Seat "
ernment's candidate in Libelle. This is
what the public has all along believed ; I	wilfrid.
but it is well that we should have it from j U	l*n lhoU8SnU a 8eet* Ierael
Min.7 TT,	•-r »>-1—wc.£T.
¦lhk the support of the people for a clean >hame that we have sent troops to help	Israel.
man,—a man against whom no act of Britain in the conflict. We know how ! Ten thousand a seat? Ah pourquoi ! Sacre
bears no taint of the noxious odor of the to help the Motherland ; how he paltered We ™ust have flve thousand a seat 7
I*;"—*ï;	“...........- -
people want honest government he Is the how, Utelyfsfr WWruL Tarte Tnd^er | how "an‘you %^t°tbê'2ld^Ub^rlls*m right kind of representative to send to nier have been telling the people of Que- rome-the House of Commons to help secure it. ! bec that tb® government 44 permitted the Vote for Brabazon.	I contingent to goto help uphold the unity
of the empire. This history, so recent, has not been forgotten. Now we have it Bourasaa, the anti-British candidate, Ifrom Bourasaa that the government who is running again in Labelle county, acceI)t9[liinand Jiiaanti’imperialcampaign.
has been dr^en to acknowledge that he Lch\p0HcPr,TuchOa man’o4r*ucyh “s'rJv'I Charles Dudley Warner, the well
18 the candidate of the Laurier Govern- emment.	| known writer, died last week from
ment in this fight. Of course ! If elected	-----J#------	| monia.
and the Grits return to power he will be THE TWO LEADERS	I Mr. Bennett Rosamond, M. P., has
on hand to assist Tarte, who is the master	____ j a^ain been chosen as the Conservative
of Sir Wilfrid, in trying to prevent Can-	Ib this what you Want. elections6 *” N°r‘h LeDark in tbe comin8
adiana from going to the aaaietance of the „ . .	. .	: .	. . „ .	6 6 ° ’
*”“« .«"7--,	Lrs%
a.a ii anse. Is a go\t.rnment controlled No doubt at this moment It excites ; summer that the demands of Ontario by such men the kind you are satisfied : a^armt M evei7 *uch movement excited ; support would prevail and Tarte would with 1 If so, vote for Murray. If not a^arm before the event, but it will be, as go. But when Tarte got back from Paria I
*«• - - •- -
1 hold out to my fel'ow countrymen | when Tarte goes he, must go.	| write for complete i»oe Cstaiogue.
The Shawville Drug Store.
Tartean school ; and so they allowed
was
an
.	opportunity—a golden opportunity that
- r. I array is to bo admired at least would have made them famous—to slide for his sanguinity. While here the other j by. But tho canal will be built day he told some of the citizens that he
The
We are Agents for
The Winchester
Summer
are hatched

Rifle
.3 8 - 5& BALLARD & MARLIN

tit -J
L
17;
Kjr*
gansis
Goods

• -ê. -, , sd

wliioh embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and
10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at $1.50 per hundred.
IV|cDOUGALL and CUZNEfj’S Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
TEAS! TEAS!
• • • # * #
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
tiring in favor of the
burk the investigation of the dog biscuit scandal.
man
Canada’s Sons Kopje and Veldt
Just Published
FRESH and CURED
on
MEATS
An authentic account of the Canadian Contingents in the South African War. By T. O. MarqU, B. A. Introduction I,y Very Rev Principal Grant. L, I, D. Rased on the official des,belies of Lieut.-Col. O.ter and other commanding officers at the front plete in One Volume, 500 pages, richly illustrated,
Agents coining money. GET FREE PROSPECTUS.
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
IVjeat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
Com only $1.50
If we charge more than ten for a aeat ?
ISRAEL
Ifwo got fifty thousand a meat, camarade. If we got flfly thousand a meat :
We would scatter the chink, and leave Tories to think—
If we got fifty thousand a seat ?-Brock-vllle Times.
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited
BRANTFORD, ONT.
Proprietor.
pneu
.303 Calibre.

X
Savage Magazine Rifle.
the twentieth century firearm
The Only fiammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.

out
OO., UTICA, N. T., U. 9. AMERICA.


###PAGE###5###


V
s
f
i
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No. 278.
ME
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THUR8DAY
AT HHAWVILLB, Co. PONTIAC. QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ubllshor.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
¦M
1 Meets the 4th Wed nee ; I day of every mouth.
I / Court dues must be paid / promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
Our all Range of
<
4
i
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
L.B.C
/. a; cowak.rh
A. SMILEY, Prop.
H. H. Harnett, F.S
JACKETS
j. W. I’.A DEM, c. n
O
TAILOR MADE
ADVERTISING HATES :
Legal advertising, eight cent* per line for first Insertion and four cents per Hue for each subsequent insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #100 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rale of five cents per lino for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instruc-tien* accompanying them will bo inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 Ished free of charge. Obituary poetry th cents per line.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
The Frost & Wood Company (Limited)
84 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
High grade
Has met with great success- We carry a very large range of faultlessly-made Jackets and Capes. They are moving out in double quick order these days. Call early and inspect whether you buy or not. Always a pleasure to show goods here.
Steel Ploughs
Lumber tf All Kinds Bo# an I Sold
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business » Specialty.
RerERKMCM BY Permission :
l)enl» Murphy, Pres. Ottvws Transportation Co V. W* A very., Hull Lumlier Uv.
J. T. Hhlrrlfr, E 11. Kd.ly Co.
Latvhford & McDougall, Barrister*.
Joint lleuey k Hons,
H. N. Bate k Son.
Are in every corner of the Domininion. Our ploughs are looked upon as the standard by which others are judged. To such a degree of excellence have we attained in the manufacture of ploughs that competitors are obliged to represent their ploughs to be equally as good ; but farmers have learned by experience that they can absolutely rely on ours jDeing the
best, and that no others are “just as good.”
Always in’stocl^ at
roe
JOB PRINTING
All kind* or Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
HAAWILLE HAVING PARLOR,
J0I(N StylTlj, Proprietor.
s
Furs! Furs ! Furs !
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
We are
F. M.A. McNaughtoq, BJ\., M.D..C.M. j The spot spot for-
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. II. I£
Knox. Shawvllle.
Office hour»—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
as Dealers in High-grade Furs 1
But high and low alike you will find Fur Goods all that can be desired. Fit and Finish of every garment perfect.
A Fashioxadle Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, on A Clean Shave.
our
fcf* Your Turn next
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
A. SMILEY’S.
Capes and Caperines.
We have a variety of these dressy Garments—all fur—all lined—special prices.
I
I
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornes and RauuKNCK : J. M AnuaTBOKo'a IIovhb,
•HAWVILL1.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
end
k JEWELLER
P. S.—Blankets, Robes and Harness.
MAIN STREET
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OP
WATCHES.
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE

LEGAL.
%
f
(

I
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L L,
Cloth Caps
?
rt?

ADVOCATE . . BHYSON, will visit Shaw ville every Monday
m
c
o
w

»
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
Rr.PAIRfNO —
a Speciality

For Fall and Winter wear
We have them in endless variety and price.
WM. GAMBLE,
SHAWVILLE, 0
BARRISTER, Sco.f
Hoom 20, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
'of each mouth.
•^fllce-over <3. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main 81.
District and Country.
0
i
t&s
G. F. HODGINS.
t
Tho manufacture of matches and paper will be in full blast again at Hull in the course of a little more than a month.
AfA	U/piA U T I About one hundred car loads of machinery
^ CiW« W« If mUrl I y for the new works have been received, -p q y _	x* tittd T\Tcrnr at r
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C«,	| A 1 tho new buildings have b, en made |	-UOOK OUt iOl r UK, DIoPIjA X .
;


BABY ITo. 1
L
will save you $10 per cow
per year.
The prices are net at list to one and all alike
discount.
iireptoof and tinidhed with iron roofs
%
OF THE PROVINCE OF tjULBKC,
Trust Building—
1
Nevada, Mo., October 19.—Three mask* ed men dynamited tho safe of the Farmers' bank during the night and secured Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac about 83,000. Constable William Maror,
htl vts‘	who heard the explosion, fired hie re-
volver to alarm the citizens. T e rob-
bera returned the lire, kd-ing Maron in-1 The Methodists who had planned We promisd to abolish the Senate or | Write for particulars to r. .	I,. . | , «»	|| , ,	shyntl hwing w.th a posse and twentieth century revival find that Sir ridically change its constitution, by
Clerk of the District Magistrate,, Court. b ood hounds immediately started m pur- Wilfrid Laurier has ordered a political s'fording that body an opportunity to
,U,t tl,e	d.t., and Mm a,e «,e ,he eoq,,t„ from the consrquenc.
factorlly.	The population of Ottawa lias increased deposed to regard the latter as antagou- of extravagant and corrupt deals ; the
- - OUE M91 during the past year according to KiUc* 11 *8 c4ee Llaa Provi- Government has enabled the Senate to
-------L----! tho figures of the assessors, and this is denc0 *ud no part in the matter •	1 he demonstrate its usefulness, almost its
pointed to with pride by the local papers, a!ni	Methodists was to promote indispeusabillty
and an evidence of the great progress the i ^bteousness and, indirectly, the sue city is making, notwithstanding the great C63S ^e million-dollar fund, fire which swept it and Hull last April. Wuuld il be heresy to suggest that It seems that the fire was the means of both obJects wouId bti promoted by the bringing more people to Ottawa than it Methodists adding works to their prayers sont out of it. Laborers and artisans dlld falth to lhe extent of uniting to pun-rushed to the capital in search of employ- ,sb lhe Politicians who have so basely do ment in erecting buildings instead of the cebed tbe niembers tf that o lurch on o les that wore burned and these were the prohibition question 1 It was to i
Mi ™,he —»	I Sr,“,;“d“rs,:s:s: ".'irs i, ¦•*• **»* *•>.« ».
solemn promise to enact prohibition if for . a- ®l?,8trabcm °J jU8t*ce was too the majority in the plebiscite was cant freat’ bir ^ 1'trld Laurier even going so for that measure. Tha*, however, is .,a® t0 8qy Giat thousands of dollars but one instance of the government's Paid to C0UIJse* bad been improperly, if disregard of its pre-election pledges. Its IJ.°* corruptly, paid ; the expenditure of j members are living examples, the first ”.1!® department has been incseased by happily, since Confederation, of statesmen who have regarded their pledges “ We denounced the expenditure of made during a campaign as not binding 8120,000 for immigration purposes ; we . upon them in office. Their record has have moie than doubled this expenditure rkc * v,c^,ry Rt Trafalgar was received, evoked the bitter denunciations of Old increasing it to $255,000. t late years it has been bably damaged, Liberals and would have been scathingly I “ We condemned the granting of pub-r tf,PMQr	and it was decided to thoroughly rono- denounced by the Globe, had the spirit : lie lands as bonuses to railways ; only by
> EN ED AUCTIONEER for the County	it. Lord Strathcona in unveiling 0f George Brown a place in its editorial the opposition of the Senate was the Gov-
Sin'uKE“.“5ii^Sdîrw“S5K f"S	by Briui.'. n.J, .'jd	mor. «..due. to ^oimt.|îl!TlT,'»toVln",l""T»ïd Lï'iiii" “r„ “'£•*“¦ ^1‘ '
hand for sale: Office : Bhawvllle, Qua.	*a8a larKe attendance at tho unveiling. ballots and mark them for the condem- niile for the building of a narrow gauge 1 ntabîr "Rejected ap^kstïonshKcoften
nation of	the men and the government	tramway, a transaction	so flagrantly im-	[been nuccessfuiiy prosecuted >y us.	we|
BURGLARS	MAKE	BIG HAUL,	that have	shown such a want of truth-	proper that several Government support-	»^^WaslUngton^tSKTmmlifies*
---	fulness ? On the other hand, if the ore refused to vote for it, and it is doubt- fly dispatch workand quicki/*ecure menu]
Bank of Montreal Bills Stolen Christian electors so far forget what is ! ful if anyone would now be willing to I br.o*d as the invention. Highest references
from Grand Forks	Postofflce.	I their duty	to the state and society as to	defend it on its merits.	j “patents'procured through Marlon &	Ma
cast a vote in condonation of perfidy of	“ We denounced the	granting of cash	jrion receive special notice without charge in
Grand Forks, B. C., Oct. 21.-It ha. I the Liberal leaders, they may expect that bonuses to railways, declaring it to be	^Wtmted throughout
just leaked out that the postoffice here the baser e'ement will gain greater as- 1 * fruitful source of jobbery, peculation j Specialty :-Patent business of Manufsc-
______ was burglarized last Wednesday night cendancy in the nation's councils, and j and corruption ; we have well nigh out- ;turcrsan<i Engineers.	)
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al- *nd two registered packages, one contain- should not be surprised that the r prayers Heroded Herod by the reckless way in ( MARION & MARION J ways well furnished.	ing one thousand dollars from the Bank for a twentieth century revival of right-1 which we have granted cash bonuses to / Patent Experts end Solicitors. >
*iR8T class Livery Attached.	of Montreal, Greenwood, and the other eoueness remain unanswered.—Ottawa railways, giving in one instance for the (Offices: { ÏÎ7 ,evv 1 If* riontreel^
containing two thousand from the same Citizen.	same railway, two millions more than we ------UAiîîîîïcîSîxXSSÏÏ
bank, were stolen. Both packages were	------?------- had condemned	our opp< n m a for offer]
ESTABLISHED 1886.1 addre®8ed t0 the Eastern Townships bank. Those Cook Charges Remain fog, and in another actually granting â
The bills were the issue of the bank and	Unanswered.	bonus to a road for which no charter had
had been sent to the bank branch here	—	been granted and which was not
for redemption.	From Sir Wilfrid down none of lhe Lib- projected.	H
P À PfflflDV dames McKinnon, acting manager of eralawhohavebeendefendingtheactions of “ We condemned all corruption, yet I A ’ I lin I ban^» 8*A*ee ^ w*ii n°t sutler any loss the present Government have made any our l®*der have made us responsible fo _____ *	*	1	•• the remittances were fully insured in	effort	to reply	to	the	crushing	list	of	the Crow's Nest	job, by means of which
the Biitish and Foreign Marine Insurance	charges formulated by	Hon.	Mr.	Cook,	the directors of	the leading Government
company/ The police are working on the | • life long Liberal. Here are some of organ were permitted to practically grab
a quarter of a million of acres of coal lands, and the country ie saddled with a totally unnecessary payment of two millions of dollars.
“ We promised purity of administra tion the history of the notorious Drummond Railway job shows what regard our leaders had for such a promise."
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa
Phone No. 1173,
no


llSSiS
Vote as well aa Pray
ued
W. W. IRELAND,

W. S. CLARKE, Z
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREEEAD, - - QUE. /
\

\

.
SHAWVILLE - -
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY PUBLI
RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVINGS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, -
Will be in Shaw ville on Tuesday and Sat urday of every week.
&
“ W e denounced tho development of monopolies, trusts and combines, consequence of the policy of our opponents ; not a single one of those which were in existence in 1890 has been destroyed or put out of business, while others have been created and given a foothold in the 11 country by the direct action of the Gov-a eminent.
NOTARY FOR THE
n
,----sO
* »

as a

$
xj

QUE.
Y HE
Farm for Sale
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
DAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT D .Shawville , Que., respectfully solicits engagernentsfor any businessluconnectlon with all Courts I n the County. Collections mideand prompt returnsassured
PORTAGE DU FORT
Being Lot 14 on the 10th range of Clarendon, containing 100 acres, more or less. About 27 acres cleared and a small house erected thereon. For full particulars apply to JOHN RICHARDSON,
8th Range Clarendon,
Shaw ville P. O.
Roller Mill
The Nelson Monument
Montreal, Oct. 22.—Lord Strathcona performed the ceremony of unveiling Nelson monument in Montreal on Saturday afternoon. The monument was
GENERAL
the
JAS. HOPE & Co,
MAii.riF Bolklii,!de^9 P?il:?r8.^c"oep | 6reCted ^ b°th Frdnch and English


HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING Ft'LL TIME AND TURNING OUT
Cltl
PATENTS
eon
J. J. TURNER,
IPROMPTLY SECURED!
First Quality Flour.
Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor.
Mrs C, M. McLean,
FOR SALE:
A quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
?

50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
WANTED I
The Shawville
even
i
ATENTS
SASH and DOOR
:
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent position to good, steady man;
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest dr- ! pay weekly, free outfit and good terms, culatton of any nclentifle Journal. Terms, $3 a |	,	....
vear; four months, #L Soldbyaii newsdealer*. Splendid local references will be supplied
' n6W York as to our stock and reliability, to assist in
ling ton, D. C.	,
canvassing.
—ALL KINDS OF
Trade Marks rJÊÊÊÊÊÊK* Designs
Fvv ^ Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a eketrh and description may quickly ascertain oar opinion free whether an Invention Is probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patente.
Patents taken through Munn A Co. rewire special notice, without charge. In the
them :
41 We declared that the number of couver, has arrived here, and is conduct* paid ministers in the Cabinet Ing an investigation. The packages, it great under the late administration, aeeme, were left in a drawer in the poet- have the same number still and their office over night. The action of the gov aggregate salaries are $4,000 per year eminent in f illing to provide a sife Is j greater, one half this sum going into the severely criticized. The mysterious part, pocket of the minister who recently de-of the robbery ie the fact that the poet- dared that every pledge has been kept, office was found locked in the morning. ** We denounced the expenditure on This has given currency to the belief account of superannuation, and pledged that the burglars were well acquainted j ourselves to wipe it out; it was greater with the premises and the postmaster's by $14,331,000 In 1899 than it was in methods. A similar robbery occurred a 1896.
, y«»r Bnd • half ago, when the robbers ac- •• We denounced as useless the creation fX tually carried off several mailbags and their of the department of trade and commerce. ^ ^^ I contents.	I The useless department has been contin
case
Interior & Exterior
Postoffice Inspector Dorman, of Van
was too
FINISH FOR
Son soi & Verandahs
MANUFACTURED.
we
Scientific American.
DOOR3. SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac ,
Kept in stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POFULARTRICES
I
Elkton, Ky„ October 19.—Erastua Warfield, a Negro, was lynched here after midnight by a mob, who took him from the county jail, where he had been placed for attempting to break into a farm house when the farmer's wife and little child were the only occupants.
361 Broadway

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Estimates furnished.
Apply to
O. K. GRIGG,
RENFREW, Ont,
The Ottawa Dairy Company h ed a contract to a Chicago firm for the purpose of a cold storage plant and complete dairy equipment for $16,000,
a# award
D$D
9
###PAGE###6###

/



I



t
4 I le much profiter than it would oth- I QLft orwiee be if due care were exercie- WllO etl in thti management of the herd. |	m
Happily the remedy for these thing» I LiKB iTICSl Lu 0MG0
,n b'nd- w- ‘.TI Was Very Fond of
FLASHrS OF FUN.
<
On the Farm.
Ur
mr fl
LUDE LL A
—- -.WrPh' 'm"
I'-lyf-h-Don't yuu think that chu
*®L-i i:i n ÿon
Khel-Oh,
el.se!
Mrs Hi,vUw_it the blue t Kenhiok, mill, blue, Oui
luok—No, Ifi
iu.m u everything/ yMi if iie hn uothing
THE CANADA THISTLE
mi* »	I lV01(* in-and-in-breeding in
in:a plant 1a one of the worst weeds| We should asîeet îiftwting our fields
, ,	sows with an eye to
on account of it* ne retention of stamina. They should h'iug a perennial and multiplying be chosen from good.
101 ou,y by seeds but also from it# ed by large, rugged, well formed
A oup of Ton
And
ilad become accustomed
'IV» Uhe uae of
Japan
8tU
There vrai Just a pveuLiar 80me lining A l tout Him Miifuaioo That #1k*
Never quite liked
Bo aba pondered
And pondered To decide wnmt it wee Ilorrul thought Paint
grant of J. Kaln-
even lit tens nurs-
t o . Tin » why noft In Lead Paoksts 2§, 30, 40, SO and SO®.
In*l*l on h
HP ,
ixteneively spreading, long under- whl<*h ar« good nurm« and good milk f ound root stocka. This peat may he I i>n>duocns. The aires should be strong ivet royed by several methods, all has- aud vigorous, and especially good on Hi »p»>n the principle that whatever ^eir limbs. The food for growing and ivili effectually exclude the plant from breeding swine should be rational;
\he Vl*hf and »ir will destroy it. Par- fh,lt « to say, it should consist large-'
ticular emphasis must be laid upon the ly °* nitrogenous elements. We
hffeetiveneea with which this is done; "ht>u,d Rive our breeding animals the
V halt measures will do. Various ape- opportunity to take much exemee,
: ,!r d true lions have been given, but Riving them the run of ample pasture#
for badly infested fields, under aver- in summer and of farm yards in
IhV conditions, nothing is more off ce- ^e winter. We should provide them !
1 'Vv ' ban a thorough summer fallow, wi*h winter quarters sufficiently
to U‘ repeated the following year if | warm and dry to ward off rheum a- | found
green—same color **
your blue sea, you know
Stoughton—Did
$
you bare a good Mine at the hmquet last ni^btf Man
hattan-Spleudid. I drank myself m
1° Insensibility before the apeukin* began.
{A Pleasure to Paint.
J®* °",v f0 pslnt. but to have your house painted with good c.e ui hone t paint. Paint th ..
!'st*' i Alnt l*lat has a style
house °P And lmProves your
i
• t

!

JUn Uppercut-Dis is * wful-almply outrageous! BUI Slambeng-W •lim Upperout—Unse boxent


?
ul id '

I
ASSAY’S
PAINTS i
here (’hirieae
&
Dey're uoUxily gittin •yxict* in <le p ipers dan w'ot we i»!
I he I hree Degrees—Johnny — Paw,
What do thay mean when they say
Pa w—That

more

*
Y es
i ini
K
Thifl wae it
Because the ecum
Ami greenish sediment
Indicated
Nothing elee
Now
She was a prudeort woman
So she argued
That » remedy most be nought
For while Pruetii-aii Blue And
Parie Gr«\n
Were all Right in their place
They were Out of piece In her Tea And
Must he if)jurions
Î
1
\
\
« man takes things t-asyf he is either
I
fi
tiem, and we should feed them fluvculfnt ftHid in the winter to ward off ailments that
... Improve the house They Rro valuable t aints, but also
•Sum} xa ¦ni "
Ask your dealer.
necessary
« philosopher, a kodak or a kleptomaniac.
Uichand—What's got into Hilly f He b' 1x1 thing half a dozen times I* every day. Holjert-The doctor ad- J vised him to take a drink of whiskey \ U(>on coining out of the water.
Cud Ivy—Jo vol 1 about I think you'd * live in
some
fiend
?
<1
SWINE DISEASES

WIN
arise from consti-

you paint
pa t ion
Mortality in ewine is something appalling in tiiis country. Of fory much of it is due to the prtwal-
nue of hog cholera. But the fact re-1 A good cow often loses flesh when *uui« that hog cholera is not nearly I Hill flow of milk
¦ÉÜIHÉlÜIHÉfii
UH
course
THE CREAM

f
t
MONTREAL
i
Ksid 1/42
k
more comfortable uni stylish
end insisted upon encore after en
Miss Peppery—Yea, she told nu* afterward that anything was better than mtting there and talking to you all evening
Ho—While 1
among awine with marked Cows will do better if they eat all itamina as among those with less in- of their food up clean.
fcerent vigor. And hog cholera is lu making up the milk much less fatal with swine fed large-1 variety of food should be fy on a nitrogenous diet than
Mtfhly carbonaceous. The mortality oi\g young pigs is very great, and it

•<
râlions a
used.
Musty feed or foul weeds will the milk a poor flavor.
All the elements to make growth are in the skim milk.
A poor procéda of manufacture will ®ix>il the product
w
St>
on ohe
*
gamn is usually kept or the other has hid enough or pnrhape till one is oar-nmd off the
give
HOR OVRR FIFTY YEARS
«s, SÎMÊMÊÊ0
She got nervous And irritable And told her doctor Of her fears You are right Said he Do aa 1 do And
He toJd her how he did U He bought the new 11 n colored Green Tea
From Ceylon and India Sold kn the
)« not a good j Sealed lead packet» qf
The "Salaria1’ Tea CX>
And declared That no Japan Tea In the world Could begin to equal It Then,
Its Pure and Healthful
Said he
S<> slue bought vt too And
"Women like la worrying again IWause
never I She did not find The remedy Sooner
«P until one
MR*
<*
am
core
•t
the
wounded, beuila can Stand hard knock* volunteers for the eroua
ar
Hope Had Departed.
th
from the finest
¦port are nurn-At the beginning there
b'“”u
)i’wl They pulled me out of course Oh. my 1
i. .W%. ea^rew^eera,omedwieer5
waa out siiliug this summer 1 fell overboard lu to stormy sea
cream. W ater
• r
• 1
is a necessary constituent in the milk, ami the
th
cow muet have it
while it i« being manufactured.
When more than 20 pounds of a cow’s milk are required to make a pound of butter ebe
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTOlV
ST-	i_
FtiuiJf Hvvet raiw #LS#
THE STORY OF A WOM AN'S RESCUE FROM GREAT SUFFERING.
Is the v
th
Oh
Wl
•I Ni
I’m so glad to hear
la
you
*»» T«'“»* Mcr l ife Was Oie ef U|*erv-Her Feet mul Limit,
weren't drowned
tb
AN OVERWHELMING THOUGHT
zcr	x“r;;s «- -
etander. I thought anybody could °* slurs, and the milky fit«P a minute. And even the dis-r i>l;';s of the great philosopher were forced to emUe behind their togas.
Sflnltl S» rl}
Frle lit fully anti s!io M<c*mr I,table i# llairv anito&l
•!«> H r filttUAi-lioUl ll#rk
No one, grurvly announces Socra-
te
tes
Th
A well-fed and well-cared for scrub1
From the Enterprise, Bridgewater, I dlUry tX>W Wl11 m“k* aa K»o<! but lei as I
the best «pu il purpose herd in the world.
No?
a
so
N. S
way is Itself
TO A cold n ove n*?
one O t lu* my 1 Litis of sectional star rV* WaU,e Bromo Quinine TsMe*. All dnmfjia
accumulations, for these seem to be	1 W'
oountless, a ml to be spread over infinity
wa
It is appaling to think of the dumber of women throughout the try who day after day live a life almost of martyrdom ; suffeiing but too
frequently in silent, almost hopeless
despair
log
-Milk takes its taint from any bad emell which exists wherever it is taken or placed.
Il milk which has been set for time and on which the
so
COU li-
st*
ex- A Might word sometimes reveals # ietence each of these suns had planets *** * UlDerm<*t Noughts, oircling around It, which, after untold ages, are fit for some sort of human! b*fngs to inhabit them para lively brief period, after which
they still continue for years to circle	®Uprtf#ctawt**	OlnS
- -	» pu
marked by the proprietor 'If ever Au animal *iving milk is very sen-	w	' . tben four days there. 1 he blood passes through the kid- blmeelf ttn important unit in tho
Ihvrc was a friend to woman, It is eitivc tL> Uld treatment or surround- ‘	_* lW° h°1'	do^heir'VX*no'T'**'< Ifth° kidnc>^ reree aa astronomy. It teaches that
I hose pills.”	She was asked why influences.	ROSE SOAP	disorder can remain ^ the^cirvuiTtton I	OOI^pQredwith the
the spoke so strongly about the pill* lin ,fl lbtt ^st unterial for the milk	longer than that time. Therefore if your I e’ ltian a °9lony' of ants is to us
and, in reply told of the misery from Vt**l'Is’ and th*y should always be A V®rj nke ftrtiole <* rose soap may bK!od is °ut of order your kidneys have I and	the difference betw
gs^s&KS.-s	"" ~ "
make known her cure tor the benefit	___	^ haU P°UIwl of rose water. Cut *nd most imitated blood medicine there
M,s. Wiîe rlpUed ÎTrtü," hÏ a	^ CATCHJÎRS !	tbet «<* in twüSkettie° of -|^ J m .
to publicity, yet	she would gladly	A ?	lg° We bad millioM ^‘n« we,er- *««P the beat Mow 11 f)H	fl R
tell of her cure if	it would benefit	' bm *	iUld B0 maeot*‘ now scarce- boiling point untU the Ingredients are	¦ILZ VO
anyone else, and she gave the follow- ly any, rds “nd millions of insects and thoroughly mixed, and then add one XT’.! J ll‘g statement with permission for Wti Wl" have to do something to main- ounce of finely sifted vermilion and	f\ | T| OTT
taiu the equilibrium or Jet ineeete take •tir until thoroughly Incorporated If “ *
years was one of	°Ur fruite Tbe robin« •« 1 '^b« ^	« ûe.|red, put in less TPJi 11 —
weakness, pain and misery until I . tlng Bfarc*‘r ,Tery î*«r. and we ot ‘be pigment. After being thor-1 tT | | | R »btaiued relief through the use of Dr i “‘g“ay the eilme of nl! «'her small «ughly mixed and boated, take from'	W
Williams' Pink Pills Prom «,)m	excePi 1 be English sparrows, , ,e ajld add °ne half ounce of
-..“
rr. :;s F %% z
trouble was removed, and a terrible' D°'6 th€ charsetenstua of the rooin- Lomton, have weakness and miserabieMHH dit ion ensued
At some period of their
Ini
w.
some cream is pnrt-
^ ly risen is stirred the cream rWs again.
Wishing end salting while in the gram is the only way to got rid of th* buttermilk flavor.
I
W. P. c. 1046.
?
T" such sufferers the stoi
pf Mrs. Joshua Wile, will
(ê
(S-
cume as
ant

for a com-
beacon of hope ibout two miles from the town Binlgewater, N. S. .and
Mrs. Wile lives
CALVERTS
g*&

oak
6
is respected ! inti esteemed by all who know her.I
W hile in one of the local drug stores | »ot long ago, Mrs. Wile
I «a
»
al*
QU
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
MAnoHiere* . . enhland
mm bei Pink Pilla in the she
a \
tb-
u n i-
bai
Melallie SKYLIGHTS
OOUÛLA8 BROS*
IM A.i.-In-de ML,
Toacvra, Ont
tdl
uni-
A
e,n m,n , PM Apakk" B'îïcSÆîÎEi-^teà-
one ant
I» e
leg
LAW
and another
MILLS, MILLS â HALES,
Berrltterp, ele.
R»mo?fd lo Wesley HniM .«os, Hichmo d Ml W , TofveâA
quir
reqi
wait
dam
lag,
i RSS35)
Company are introducing thorn in their sealed Led Packets
XV
•tali
also
1/ «
hasii
for a
ing t
two
Ing-
“•S5SS®
They are
the most delicious Green Tea ever offered the public.
Its publication "My life for some

STORING DAHLIA BULBS
After the frost has killed the tope and before there is severe freeging, dig up the bulbs, shake off the adhering earth and atone them in a QARPET DYEINf)
list iMuwl	r 60 ot P0rU is the lumberman's I room 1 rce from froat- A cellar or pit	snd c waning. Thiat> a ¦penalty with U»
..rr- - “* - -	B'T,S‘7Frf,r: |	r1
in, and they turn their heads a little ^rz?Lna\ i°n nf the war in South qUtiritly played.	I	-_
.« £?-hr ~ n»,,
sink » the worm every time. They are fond Spiral figures of each being repre-	ly hllndfolded, and having pre- testimony of thousands that Put-
using, of potato huge, and will clean a patch ^nted [her*™- A pretty scarlet rib- vk,Uflly drawn lots for the first Qam’A v»inloss Corn Extractor is a unes came better than jMirie green. A flock of nW ^ a ",utab,e inscription com- whack, they kneel on the floor. In I a!ld	ctire for corns. The
a s	r/BHEBE	F SKfS
this stage in mv illnoM , V gn>w° birde “>« “ good for a fry ^ Patr^t.o medal.	other leather strap or a rope is hold «.«Priority of ' Putnam-».” Use
-- - -...*	~ v!»'srimr-—
were unable to cure me At i, t • heU’ who- wblle flhe willl hatch 25 or dug nP to a Peat bog at Domendorf, ! du3talice between them- They are , complimentary.
*“	— iZaTLtr —- - "™
firet box. I then bought more, which I took lections, and
PECULIAR ENJOYMENT
eause
I
To
lumbermen Some I line* Relieve the Mono lony oi Tlielr ExMrnee by Home-rioy
pow
and
tike
#r
k-
and I
and
Built
Bases it a nti
nervous con-which the physician
told, me I would
never get clear of I tried other doctors, but all with the same result-no betterment of r v condition* The pains finally attacked m> back aud kidneys. My legs and feel became frightfully swollen I cannot describe the tired deathly feeling that at
the ROOFING end 8heet MetelWefts.
»
ma-
in y
M
It ii
â sim
Bips i ternei excel!
to br ;
prove
oolnnc
table tables Asp; Be.u
B*;ii
You
Cabl
Carr
Caul
Créé
Ou*io
Cyst
Pars
Peas,
Pota
•pim Stj ua Poinu
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
my whole body
over
EPPS’S
ES
GRATEFUL COMFORTING.
COCOA
will hrmr - are not
BREAKFAST SUPPER-
i Music Teachers Wanted
t infrequently
Complete Oatae to ue of k w le end Book# with Special ram ef discount.
$100 Reward, $ 00.
«T#
Now th* man who has been lucky I {•irn hlil Lhor« i^v 1'.* * o i7ed reared	f J
enough to draw the first call .bouts; eT’id* ft «^arrh^H^/c^rr: Jack, where be ye ?" to which hi. op- [ * nie ,|ÏJ	C'mr ' BOW k,,own ,0 I
Pain Banished as If by Mairto. I poriLnt mllst immediately answer; titntionai dl-ew. Zqure-» a^n-Ilaiinfnai
Nerviline^nerve-pnin cure—i. .1 H!'Ie 1 **'' U,on Ule first 11130 na,,J» aetln* ^ircctl^up^n thftb oôd'alîd
sa? «srs
pnstrate.	land the whar must answer, “Here 1	EY à °°-<*
Thia is continuel till the first H^tll1» Fam.ly Pill* are the beet misses, when he must take his turn at be big struck
... ,	Kiel experts
tjwni it was buried 1.500 years «go.
DAIRY NOTES
six boxes
WHALEY, R3YCE AOo
1M Vongre St reroute, CW,
Whitewash the stable once or twice a year.
^ ben you find yourself growing fiTry, lower your voice.
Too many farmers waste at home and buy abroad.
To get the best results from oows they should be well fed.
Always speak gently to
according to di-
am happy to say raised up by them from
despondent, useless condition, to my present state of health, and happiness. Every year now in the spring
und fall I take a box or two, end find theon
was a weak, sick
Thfl Canada Permanent and Western Canada
Mortgage Corporation.
your
an excellent thing at the
change of the
your cow
before sitting down to milk her.
To cleanse hand towels that may be used by operators, in the dairy, boil wo-I in sal soda water.
season. Other benefits, I might mention, but suffice it t" say 1 would strongly recommend
Dr, Williams' Pink Pills to ailing men."
be.'
man
DID YOU KNOW#
It is easier for
a person to bear all
Meat has been preserved in a frozen , slate f°r 30 years, and found perfect-
£r5F-l^™|“ ^	^
SQSrss £»«««:
•be» ks. Sold by all dealers in medicine, 1 hose present anould be “ smooth sol-
•r sent postpaid at 50 cents a box. | dared."
or six boxes for #2.50, by addressing
the Dr. Wiliia/ns MaliaiM ç®, Hn^.k-
fille, Ont
“ “ “v	buuck.	-	. ***»•”« iur u person to Dei
Tbe other, form a ring oroum, th.	0:0"'^^"
< hnn
Board of Directors
l>r«*if1ent —Gcurge Ueuderham.
lit Vice Pre^ld ot end Chairman of Kiteuiite Comm 1 tee-
Singe bread t
fors it firs. I •i s ra Cakes r m quiek cossu in tbs ove
own

A. Herbert Mawm.
i
tf\.S'
¦//a/- .
.‘Dd Vi«*e preddant—W. M. Realty.
D. Matthew*
Omrgc W Mo, J, B. Noniheiwer,
b r Mit,.
Ralph K Burgm
Cieorge P G«lt

Winnipeg, Mb».
Aifte! OiKulcrham,
G. II (iii^Hhi'n,
W. O. O' ccleinam,
O* vrg* W, Iawib.
Wioeigeg

Hiitinr-
. ederiok Wj4
ALSET8 . $23,000,000.
A cent changes hands 125,000 times in the course of a lifetime.
UK

!• us ad laaaa * l, soft Uk dou(
ret! evei
ly a»ouj
HeeU Ofilce i Toronto 3t.. TORON 10
Brafce Orriose—
The secret of making butter that wl»’ keep a lung time ie having the age
•i sue cream and its temperature right

The one step from the sublime to the ridiculous is usually a short
Wnn leer. Man.,
•t. John. N a
oca.

###PAGE###7###
*
I

A# i ll I II** I II 4M»4M»#«####+ *# I II# square» with » floured knife or wheel J	^a % cutter, In Ibis way the dough may
?	Abont the	noose.	2	be	"ofter ,h'n wh*n « -	««w y «°
X	O	up	to remove from	hoard after
iMMMMMtMttttHlllMt rolling add cutting. Always hive the
I " ml well covered with flour before rolling all kiodl of soft ginger In « ads, A	simple process	for removing	fresh	aa	they	are liable to stick and should
Ink	stains from a garment is to	cover	always	he mixed as soft	ns they can
them imui'xllately with paste made of he handled, itirek and oold water, if the stains still noticeable when the dried starch is rubbed off, repeat the operation.
THE PALACE OF OPTICS
UNIQUE NAMES
INTERESTING ITEMS.
The Children’s Hair.

Irllflclel Blerm*—WIc.rnaeeple Wonders— Hli rnil dome# # W	ol ihe
H«hn,
In Pranee I'ennlsUii* of One Solitary Letter
of ihe lIpNuOef.
People who are universally known do require elaborate addremaes.
In Probably in any civilised country m
Canned dandelions are the newest thing for salad.
The worst weeds of Canada in order of their destructiveness are the Canada, thistle mustard, wild oats, couch glass, ragweed, ox-rye daisy, flax, dock, burdock, foxtail and pigweed.
Nothing is au untidy in a child as wearing its hair in a tangled mass about the face and shoulders.
fly far the most interesting building at the Paris Exposition is 1 hut n,>t
Naturally, not the little one, but its mother is to blame
time to give the required care to curia or lung tofsids* lhim short crop* Aruba who are obliged to traverse | I*** looks are the only remedy the Ha.id y vv usi a of Arab a dej ends to a u^'thor must be unu.su illy busy if she large extent upon "angel s food'* both oannot devote at least ten or fifteen for them selves and for their camels, mimilea a day to combing the hair of ihe manna is in reality a fungus the wee one so dear to her which is found in great quantities on the sand after rain.
LAUNDIlY ADVICE
ml
known as the Palace of Optics i his ma g n i firent build lag t he visitor letter simply addressed to" The Pope.* may witness g aeure ef émanai tiincn ta would
•e.
if one has not
i
reach
it*
destination,
as or iginal an l varied as t he mind can with at moot the addition of the word
Oyster ClDAJM§«—PiNl| chop i4#WB oysters, put them in n saucepan With |close to the L.ffel Tower a teaspionful of cracker dust, or fine-grated bread crumbs, a lump of butter
Hut a
ve
conceive. Tins enchanted palace is Home. Similarly. " The Queen, Lon
. Il.i «norm- don," or. “ The President, Washing-oum half dome covered with beautiful- ton." would be quite intelligible, ly co.oied g I a .is gives the building u though if the letter had to pass conspicuous appearance and singles it through lands using different Ian-ou» for special at 11action
Passing in at t he entrance gate, one might have to tie duplicated in truns-of the first entertainmi'iiLS is au eier- lation. Jn lHKtl the French journal Le hiiiriu. Lightning flashes tv re M.r called attention to the fact that
;
od
•re
• I
le
ur
Peach stains, which are next to im- the size of
Constant
a wa.rnut, and half a tenet earn. Fen son w 11 h
possible to remove after thoroughly spoonful of thick wt, may be prevent».! from appearing an it ami pepper, stir the mixture over St all it Ihe bumllterehief or garment the fire ami let it aimmer a few mini» immed ateljr wa h d out in e ear cold utes
“grooming" is oeceaeary
atUmtixMû will make thin hair thick
and dry, brittle licks soft and pliable.
Perai.it cut
gunge* or script* some of the words
In India, China, Japan, and adjacent
about
( ui some slices of bread el out trio
Witer, after the juu-U knnwii to 1.1vs one-fourth 1 hick, butter the,,, and been dropped on the garment. Boi.ing them on n hot dish aster will remove most other stains
countries,
OUJ people, strong, active,
long-lived, who cut no luik.bh poi Ur, ori
4M),01 0,-
a re
U-ie a brush by firmly and gently
uni
meat. Pia&lrig it over the ac.ilp and down a daily b> the very eals of the hiir at
rut il d there, fol owed by distant roars of some name# are found in France con-
iioih zig-zag and to, k Mating oa one letter only. Al i be re*
Ah one gist rat ion of (he birth of a child at
IV»ur over the thunder
mixture and serve at once
lb
bglitning are produced
Pumpkin IMe.—Stew pumpkin, cut matches the .flashing lightn ug into small pieois and pared, in u half hears the peals of thunder
pint of water, and when soft m,i ti h u <i.y realise that u is a mock show
with* potato masher very fine, let the **° realistic is the w hue Scene. Indeed, llvlgiuin there are several families of
every
Hid Cagney, near Paris, it transpired that ftt 1,0,1 01 r,M and (Ja,«a. Wl11 J°« along , stroke. If the locks are tangled,
with bant k under a load that divide the hair into email strands and would crush a Western man
A small piece of alum dissolved in et a re h used to stiffen ginghams, muslins and other washable goods, greatly improves the appearance of the goods and keeps it fr«sh longer than U would otherwise remain.
y
0 P
one can the mother's name was Hose li, not as
U^in the combing at the ends. Nev-Among the Japanese, the jinrikaha ftr hrea.k one hair it it can bo avoided, water tlr> away, watching closely to	women	will	oiten shuck a u«i ihl.iren	the name of O, one The rose U having	mtN,« VVilii muscles like	si eel-hands,	j After	a thorough bribing and
prevent burning or scorching. For	Cry, so	vivid	and real «lues t h« norm	k«*pt n sh*»p in llrussels some years	xw^ whirl their seated passengers over	°°tobing	the head is ready for the
Never rub	soap on	embroidered doil-	each pie take one well beaten egg,	' »i l>f*ar.	The	lightning, of cours»*, ,»	ago. Further, tiieic is a parish of V	llle K<°und at the speed	of a horses	*hunpuu.	No hum can result from a
hie ; prepare	the	suds	in	lukewarm	wi-	half a cup of sugar, two tablespoon-	obtained by	«h* aid of e.ecti .’city, snd	i„ the neigu bur hood of Peronue. ii, no	!,ot* lorty miles a day,	for days to-	weekly wash if the hair w heavy and
ter with fine, pure, white soap, and fuis of pumpkin, half a pint rich milk ‘h- • bun 1er m pmdn#wd by rati ling extravagant fancy, i he renne, there gv1 hvr 1	Their diet consults or rice,	U it is light, fluffy and dry,
squeeze the doilies gently in the hands and a Ut * sali;.stir wt-ll together and thunder sheets.	m.ght exist u gentleman wfuwe ad- ^K'-tab.ei, and occasionally a little showing tbit the oil glands are not
without rubbing ; two wiapy waters sen sou with cinnamon or nut in-g. Another rcuiat ka hie "show" is i h* die* should roussi of three letters flliL may be necessary ; then rinse in clear Bake, with an undercrust inn moder- demonstration oi water of the same temperature, and ate oven, prepare a last water with a little raw starch and bluing , in it.
an nul nil, but as lier full surname. In
J
t

!
I well •upplUd, Cire should be taken Peasants of Ituas.a live mainly upon n<>1	ob the head too often. Af-
tb.n wg, table-soup, sau**i kraut, rye- UM Lh« wash be jtitl as careful t<* bread, and oil
wp,
Crookes eiectrio omy-Mr. U., \ tubes, whion the lecturer leiu yog itingnr Drops.—Half a cup each "will be the jigbi of th * fuluie. ' l un*
L)° uut sugar and butter creamed together, a ousiy enough, the light will be cold, wring, but squeeze out the water uud cup of molasses, one teaspoooful each indeed, any visitor snap i hem ; then lay the doilies on a of cinnamon
ÜUXV i'U JAKE M EDICT N E
The Scotch Highland* thoroughly dry the hair, otherwise it cr, w hose courage and hardihood are *id <kx>u Aiiuli musty and bo as full
pro criMi , seldom touche^ m« it, living ol ,JLL''L uUl dirt as ever ginger .and cloves, two little tubes which give out h bright all*r eatlLg* lùdf ,LH> ma> ^e di- ma,ni> upou oaimea,, vegetables, and rLlaL wator m* plenty of thick ironing blanket, which, as they tablespoonfuls soda dissolved inn cup light. The brightness oi the light, of g<wLvU Wilh Ltje ^d- ^dtde of put- buttermnk are «moothod with the fingers, will of boiling water, and two and a half cu.nie, is controlled by the current	g*veU utter me.,la;
elwnb much of the moisiure; alter	cups of f.our;	add two well beaten	Pais ug into the m it	n.om tn re .a	11 id ttaid lL«a	io	**	'*** LaOia	to AlliSh
they have lain a few minutes press on	fgrfa the last	thing before baking,	a p a no, the no,es of w Inch i unmet	diM>rdtir ‘be digestion.	Wjen	a	medi-
tb« wroug side with a «moderately	Hiked in gern	tins or aa a common	with hundreds oi small	el»cine iigms	Cl,m M Adored	to	œ	given
The same care regard-	gtnger bread,	and eaten warm with a	wh.cn .ighi the iuo.u.	Uh -n a kvy	liL1<w a da>-
lag soap and tepid water exeic sed in #j4uce, they make a
Quinine should be taken half hour before meule ; iron, oil» and acids
an
b#
no4
cau lee, the ong
For the

soup, rinse
Among the most active i We”» filon a ikuiqxxi prépara Limn can and vita, people of the world are the ***	with good effect.
peasants, whose diet con- At»in as guod a shampoo as can be cons.ats almost entire.y of potatoes nxuie is as follows iwo ounces of lOiee and Lutlei m,ik
The farmers of	tho juice of one lemon, the yolk
siiuai.J iw	Corsica live a I winter upon dried fruit,	^f one egg and half a pint of	distilled
v oe idkHU Leture	mainly dales, and po.enta, chestnut,	water. Put the soap and water
The more keys	i hut	^	alter	meals.	In	cases of severe ill-	meal. During the Middle Ages the	sa m* pi a and stir over the	fire	till
the	gnat-	,1<ws	,dj*s direction means once in eight	Moors use a to provision th»ir fortified	Uu> soup u melted
hoars, tor day and u.gût aie unite cities with chestnuts and olive-oil
then U* nurse and pa lient. An opt-
warm iron
llie docioi
u**ked whether u *
nice dessert
3
is t.vptt * m! a circuit is funned, which
in a
th laundering of shirt waists will j revaut the delicate colors from fading, milk and one of molasses, half a cup are depressed, thereiois, They should be dried wrong aide out in of butter, two eggs, oue teaspoonfu
sponge Ginger Bread.—One cup sour produces a I gin.
liant the yolk of j the egg an i lemon jinoe together, pour iho soap and water
er ihw uu in tier oi lights.
s very shady place. A teaspoonful of «0 la, one ta bit-spoonful of ginger and pa no is played tue scene s dei luedly •¦gar of lead d.aso.ved in a pad oi cold	f«our	enough to make	as thick aa	no. si.
water is also a	good preventive of fad-	pound	cake ; put butter,	molasses and	loom is
lug. Soak the	colored fabrics in this	ginger	together, make	them quite	two uniea
wash us	warm,	add the milk, flour, eggs and	the room is fuis
soda and bake as soon as posai be.
Soft Ginger Bread.—One and and
When Lae
¦¦¦¦¦¦
biivkly, and, when odd, bottle for
li a lug g .veil is pin lucdu Um should never oe g.veu without tue w light, hut il only one or doctor s order. It .a impossible lor .’iu brought into requisition Uii unproieos.uuai person to tell when
l may do harm
POULTit Y NOTES
use.
3
‘A M.noica s comb cornus out badly When a sedative of in a brush with Jack Fiost."
Another safe preparation is to dissolve half
•o nlion1 for an hour, thou âbove and rinse in a water that con-
iy «lui it
...	,	---- an ounce of transparent
iu another room ihe v>oriuvrs uf the	11 IH g|V«n lue room must t>e dbinning out all interior birds soup in a quart of soft water add a
ilHrkeueil and k.'pt qu.el. The suffer- should no* be done w,tli au unsparing winegjaaafui of alcohol er should lie on the right side and hand
try to sleep. The uur.se must take
tains a similar proportion of salt.
Bark woolen Ciôthcs cun be readily tinned with soap bark, which is safer and pleasanter to uso than benzine or gasoline, though more expensive. A e«ke of soap bar k, or a pound of the real soap bark steeped in water, shoud
always be kept at hand, and with Linger Cookies.—One egg warm water all ordinary soil can be QU ckly removed. If the soap is used
• weir-lathered cloih is rubbed over ei,ougtl lo «oil. Roll thin and bake Ik" garment, but with the inf us on of 111 11 Quick oven, bsik tbe germent should be pat
tab of tep,d water, thu infusion added, |0Ut* 01 *ar *• one tablespoonful each of
soda and ginger, four to roll stiff.
A clean whisk broom and hot water ouli cut and bake quickly, le a most convenient way of dampening nioihes, if you would do the work Quirkly and well wills half the water required whon cold is
. ..	in»cio.3uupo are Miu.v u. A photograph
one-half a cup each of brown sugar,	ul 4 uiupof waiui mugn.iivd many
butter and sweet milk, one teaspoon-	thousands of I,me# is thrown uuio
ful each of sola and allspice, and half	bC<eeu. lllc waU>f ljS uiiwd wail wilg„
tv.ipMionfu. of ginger; mix a I togvtb-	ghug monsters, sums of them engaged	**d coverings comfortably	arranged,	are	rain-proof,
er thoiough.y, add three cups sifted	m live.y batlio, i'no water u taken	^ bt!U there are noses in	the street,
f.oji and bake in shallow pans.	I rum the .Seine. Next tome mag ml ud	<>r m tb* bouse, that cannot tw con-	poultry	house aUsou.eiy clean, if it
“ 01 Lbd mi0,OuM u‘	ln> ,tid* a V-^e ui cotton, wool	or	cleaned daily.	same quantity of spirits of ammo, it
uiphiUena and other disease#, some-	w,Uile l,re**ed into each ear will	ob-	Nearly a.l cases of chicken	cholera	add half an ounce of gl-oaiine and
wii.il grew some, out iiilejesiiug.	v.ate the difficulty, as far as the	in-	are caused by filth, improper	food or	pour all into a ba-»ixi of ^of t water
iu a dark corner there is a cu,«ec- vabd w concerned, and insure the ne- lack of care. It is a disease of the	*	‘ °	° L "* <>le
and a few
dn/ps of perfumed oil, shake well <nd
Al< house# that require repair should sot a lie fur
care that the feet are warift'nnd ihe yio.v be attended to. ^ue that all roofs
a
Perhip# the ü sim-
using
most common shampoo of all ply to put a teeispuonful of borax into
It is not a bard matter to keep the
a quart of water; or, mix a tablais spM>nful of the be.it olive oil with the
i
1
r
one cup vie
sugar, one cup of molasses, one tah.e-spoonfu! soda and one of vinegar, flour
-
A plaisant shampoo, especially for the lilt la ones, to keep ever ready, h* a mixture of two ounces each of glyceiino and New England a quart of bay rum.
After the use of any of thc-ss liquids the hiir should W thoroughly washin clean warm water a fine tooth comb, but be careful not > irritate the soalpv w desired perfumed glycerine can be usixi with always pleasing results.
Glycei me puoieisva in a high degree the property of extracting the fragrance of flowers
tion oi bottles li.ied w.ih water which Ce6aarJr st.lluess. A graduated glass bowels.
bu vu mes ium.nuu.» by su.umig, and 11# suture flu.da should always lie li confined in coops must be fie-Visnois ma., uu, cheae | hoo^nuivdvout	M exactness .3 of great import- quent.y examined for insect
canule» as soa.eniio. ins peiiiotcuv# «nee. The s z * of spoons differs so au<L if any are found they shou.d re-oi image# imisored in the eye is a well greatly it i# not safe to trust kuo.vn laui
G nger S.inp T vo cup - of mr-lasse",
in a
verrn.n,
Aiiili washed.
rum in
to ceive a good dusting with insect pow-
iii science, and ,s iliua- tiucb varying quantity in measure- der t ruled in the Palace of Optics by ment
thiuwing lantern views on a rapidly dr opts a dropper is useful to secure goo i time for storing under shelter re*0.vitig atrip uf wood
lue wood is but three inches wme, lue times difficult to get. the drops to under rouais and in the uust box dur-e^e sees a compile pictuie three or fa«i regularly over the edge of the ing the winter, toui lost sqiiarn.	but tie
When the med.cme is given in
Before the wet weather sets in hi a
Use
CARGOES THAT KILL
a
used
waists look nicer if sponged with a d#uip cloth immediately before lag, a small surface at a time
Sh.rt
Although uniformity in the do*ea. It is some- gwd au<pj iy of dry dust to t»e usunl
if a hair oil

Miignr wml 1*1 mi* Ltmihi*r Itrmilfil,
iron
too much of the content#
Au unuihtii enumber the wonders of coined out at once, and is wasted if look for egfo.s.*—i 1 a .e you found any,
I he it id being dropped into water. This deal V Elsie—No, not one ; the hens
A u u t (to Elsie, who has been out to
"You. don't know how much you
When delicate laces have reached the
•UU ut soil which soap auJ ual«r I ®an detwt lha *“»** <>* «•»«««	the X-rays ar„ w.uou,.ral«u
IBMeSBB--
Buttermilk is also effectual	in	some	impregnate everyth ng on board. trick of looking at the floor where hi' ^
1'*"*' Mon the eUiD8 »re	of	long	"Swm oth»r cargos are just as cafl ^ the crack at the bottom of . he
*»*• tiugar’ for stance. Didn't 8llvert$(1 glaagf and thus avoid the
suppja h .io was any smell la sugar, snares of the labyrinth. Beyond is	BURIAI WEDDINGS	honey, and regarded this as an oppor-
a room of mirrors, where the visitor	*	tunity to show her country cousins
sees scores of reflections of himself. The Karens of Upper Burma, not that she knew something of country an I I - it steam in a temperat ure of If he waves his hat above his head only delay their weddings till they can life, after all. Looking at the dish of from 91 to Ud, an 1 it's worsa thin he may easily imagine hunieif a whole celebrate twenty or thirty at once, hut honey, she said carelessly: "Ah, f see cofft*'. 1 v« felt sometimes as if I crowd, but c-arefu. investigation will make the same occasion serve for their you keep a bee." cuul I drink a gallon of vinegar U I v- show l h it the myriad reflections are faner ils as we.I.	—
ored with lemcm-juice. just to take the due to the fact that the mirrored walls When a man dies his body is ere- 1 THK COSTLIEST 01, s x »rF , varLoue bright colors, mostly red and
form a triangular chamber, whose mated and the ashes are kept until the	‘	gre^vn,	with lent her shoes; and a belt,
I sides reflect image# back ond forth :n- time for the formal funeral.	1 bl‘ c<,s l «.st r>f all sausages .s fixmi which is hung a great array of
remember one voyage, when we had a definitely, I ke a giant kaleidescopo. When a bad harvest or a prolonged ^'7°09 #nusage Import#I from Trance, purses, pouches, knives, pipes cargo of pine, an,I before we hid been Close by are two long rows ol looking rainy season occasions the need of a ^ons *BUalK0 ®'Hls in Paris ut t wo out of port many days tha resin from glasses that distort the human figure little excitement, and some enthusiast ^races and more a pound tho wool #<‘.emo 1 to hive got into ev- into many grotesque shapes. it is arranges a buria.-wedding, the usina 1« »°l 1 at 83 cents to 9 .00 a pound, arythlng
at	the
glycerine the leave# of any flower
you wLh, and by leaving thin there a week or tw.j the agreeable odor
Pour a few drops of this into the rinsing water arul the effect will be h.ghly a;»tie-factory.
will permeate the whole
The mon wore a loose gown tied around the waist, whch, if not black naturally, had at all events become 80 by dirt. TJi»y had high cheek bones, oblique eyes, dark complexions, and their hair was worn with long tails, their rough and battered looks showing the. hard life they must lead. Among the more prominent of the various parts of their costume and its accessories were a gray felt cap. t he edges of which are turned up all around; cloth hoots, called lam. ol
A little girl from town was staying with some country cousins who live
on a farm. At breakfast one morning she saw on the table a dish of
eh t Well, you take it in a bow 1, and there isn't
NOTES FOR TUB COOK
But take a cargo of it,
It is maid by one who has tried it,that • small lump of sugar added to turnips when boiling will correct the bitterness which sometimes
excel.ent vegetable. If the turnips are
to be served ma bed, it will greatly improve them to force them into a oolander
spoils that
sw«et taste out of my mouth
'Bui p:ne-lu/nber is the worst
The following valuable table of lime for the boiling of tables will be of use to many cooks Asparagus, 15 to 20 minutes.
Bean* shell 1 to 2 hours. ,
Brans string, 2 hours, loung beets, 45 to GO minutes. Cabbage 30 to 45 minutes.
Carro-ts, 40 minutes.
Cauliflower, 30 to 45 minutes Green corn, 5 to 8 minutes.
Ouiuns, 30 to 45 minutes.
Oyster plant, 30 to 60 minutes, Parsnips, 30 to 45 minutes.
Peas, 15 to 20 minutes.
Potatoes, 20 to 30 minutes.
Spinach, 20 to 30 minutes.
Squash, 20 to 30 minutes.
Tomatoes, 15 to 20 minutes.
wit l
apparatus for striking a light, eio. Here it Also should be mentioned the brass j box almost invariably hung around
We ooul l taste it in the most amuajng to watch a score of peo- a,e arranged along a low, narrow Lyons Li rather a large #a e. It the«r necks or over their shoulder# water,	and	it	was almost	imposai-	pie pass down the corridor and laugh	platform, while the men stand on one	13 Put UP **n 1 hi largest size hog cas-	containing either chirms or. maybe,
ble to	drink	it	at	all,	and	were ull	and ebaff at the ridicu.ous figures	side, the women on the other. There	Inga and It is mads ofi bjaf and pork.	' their Penates in the form of a clay
purchyi with thirst. Three of the they represent.	are no mourners, for the dead men ‘ h0 moats used in m iking it are of , figure of Buddha, made a: Lhasa and
mon «lied	of	fever,	and	when we got	The crowning glory of the varied en-	have	forgotten during the con-	kha very best, an I they are prepared	blessed by the
into port	again	we were the worst-	tertainments of the Palace of Optica	venlent interval, and the dresses sug-	with the greatest care. Krora the	figures, however great may be their
Looking set of nun you ever set eyes is the great telescope and views of the	only the pleasanter side ut the beef ail the sinews ami veins are re- ( spiritual value, do not bear m exit was months before I could moon. Photographs of that orb, double function.	moved, and thire ü left only the ae- trnvagantly high price in the world-
taken through the largest telescope in Proceedings are commenced by a sort Lctod purls ol t he meat. fhe beef ly market, for I found that a Thibet-the world, are thrown on to an im-	of poetic competition between the men	Ls chopped very fino, no fine as to	an was very willing to overcome his
mense screen. Ten views of the moon	and the fairest maid. If the latter is	ULLke of % practically a paste. The	scruples and part with h a consecrat-
were shown. Some of these photo-	not satisfied with the compliments	P°rk used in from I he. bnck fat of hogs,	«d Buddha for n matter of some 4 or
graphs must have been from ft y to	paid her, she avoids the embarrass-	This is not chopped fine, as the beef is,	6 nip pee.
ment of a direct refusai by bidding	hut Is cut into irregular shup.«d pieces
her suitor come for her "before he is	*hch show in thi sausage when it '	the fair sex—were gowned and boot
awake." In this case he consoles him-	is cut. I he apices used in the season-
vege-
gieat luma. Those
uivn
get rid of the effects myself."
FLASHES OF FUN.
sixty feet in diameter.
The women—I can not calf
them
She—I heard about your elopement with Gertie Giddygirl, Mr. Snooks. Has her mother forgiven you?
—No fear !
e*i much as the men; but they were sell with a pipe, and, alter a short in- log are of cours-v of ttu choices t he ohUvfiy consp.cuous for th-ir peculiar terval, transfers his addresses to Lyons sausage is hard-smoiked
THE PROSPECT
He
PROVED RECIPES
Tailor—I wish you would lot me
meestur e for a suit of
She knows how to pay
She has come to ! tfthe your
Gingerbread.—If in making ginger bread the dough becomes too stiff he- I ttU 800re* fore it ia rolled out, set it before the | ^ve w’it b m 1
tirsWBÈ^m
head dress
apparently a triangular
clothes "	«orne less exacting lady.	Lyons siusage is served in the very boaid covered with cloth, which is fix-
x	rEEHHHEiHEEEEISehSS
Cakes require a moderate oven, snaps j money to get me some things In Paria;	’	_	dead men s property. Jewel# or weap- For that purpose it is very, excellent,	brass, turquoises and other none#,
• quisle one. If cookies or snap# be- aQd here she sends a note with them	*	ons are set swinging by a string while I Bnaslana have always been fond	J i s *Iase' wit b ,owl of little
eo«" moist in keeping, put them into f wmxied as If she were making me .	You	bare	only	monosyllable. In	the claimant, pea. Id „ngle tile. The ot Lyon, wusage, a. they are also of	Th/ha^unde^th ' wnouï\npfv2
the oven for a few minute*, hi way. I present ot them.	your language, remarked the for- one who is neareet when the pendulum -*viare.	tua Is plaited in front In many eepa-
molasses, never ayrupa. Soda Gray'-They are beginning to have eigneur. Yee, answered the China- .tope swinging secures whatever is	---- **•'* Uttle br,.«3, and a grand
is used to sot on -be ".pii-it" of the typewriter, on the .tog. Black- man ; but we manage to get on very attached to it. When each has thu. I" England and Wal* there are	dowD behind, which
Isaacs. In making ths oW-fash >n-	I know; but H i i p-m*> -f affecta-	well We don't have to use big words	secured a memento of the	day, the rest	7,371 fishing boats and 40,000 fish#r- j fee re of Paris The ünill/^loiUt
• Hofl T10#81* bread, put a portion of	tiion. No typewriter that ever was	lim Indian vivendi or persona grata	ia handed over to the children to be	me>n engaged in the sea fishery
th. dough on a well-floured tin sheet,	Invented can l*»vgm to write as	when we warn, to—what i# your word	smashed up with all the	crockery of	year they caught 6,850,000 hundred-
iw, r.emy to e»ch side, trLn off even-	rapidly m the average actor with the	tor It i Ah, yes I Whom we want to	the deceased, and buried	with their	weight of fish, including 2.850,000
<T a,ound the «a**. %nd mark off in common everyday pen.	frrevarioale.	ashes on some neighboring àiUÆÊÊÊÈKKÊÊtÊÊÊÊ^K^^^^KÊÊÊ
Last
completed by a tremendous chatelaine, which seemed to contain af! conceivable implements ever invented for the nee of a Thibet
hundredweight of herring
###PAGE###8###
r
1


<
i
»+*

r
Great Sale !
U KNOW U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
FALL TRADE
Follow the Crowd to
STEWART’S Boot and Shoe Store.
Why wait until the rush is on? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order now with us.
We invite the public to examine our
Large Stock of Serviceable Fall Goods:
Flannels,
Kerseys,
Yarns,
Blankets
Great reduction in Prices during ;
the month of September.
Underwear,
Coats,
Overcoats,
Pants,
Horse Blankets,
Heavy Canadian Tweeds, Skowhegan Oiltanned Moccasins,
Moccasins.
Rubbers.
Homemade Socks. Boots.
All Spring and Summer Goods must go to make
room for Fall and Winter Goods.
A- R. McGUIRE,
j
THE TAILOR.
-t
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE,-------QUE.
THE WAR.
&c., 6zc„ &c.
a O .'tuber hi, between Lord Salisbury a (1 Count Von Uatsfeldt, German am-Inssadur to England, arc « tticially given u as follows :
“ The German Government Mid Her British Majesty's Government, being desirous to maintain t licit in tv tests in Chinn and their rich e under existing treaties, have agreed to observe the following principes regarding r. mutual policy in Chinn.
n
GEO. HYNES,
f

Kruger is now on Ship Board
m
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
L irenz > Marques, October 10—Mr, Kruger was taken secretly on h««ard the Dutch cruiser <ivlderland at .*> o'clock this
Th s vessel will take Mr.
We solicit your trade. We are aiming to establish a solid, reputable business on honest business principles. Your children will be as liberally dealt with and as courteously served as yourselves. Any errors in accounts or in goods gladly made right.

mon, mg Kruger to Holland
Official Time Table :
AM
P.M
“ Firstly -It is a matter of joint- permanent international interest that the p irts c-n the river and litoral of China s'n u-d remain free and open to trade and io every other legitimate form of econ* « mic activity for the peoples of all conn tries without distinction, and the two ti verr,meats agree on their part t > up !i »’d the sur.u for all Chinese territory as far as they can exercise ii tluenca.
" Secondly—i> tli governments will not on their part make use uf the present complication to ob’ain fur themselves any territorial au vint ago in Chinese d-mim-ion, and will direct their policy towards maintaining undiniimehcd the territorial condition of the Chinese Empire.
“ Thi:<l!y—In c.«?u <f another power making use of the com pi. cations in China in order to obtain, under any form whatever. such territorial advantages, the two contracting parties reserve to themselves the right to come to a preliminary under standing regarding the eventual step to be taken fur the protection of their own interests in China.
" Fourthly—The two governments will communicate this agreement to the other powers interested, especially Austria Hungary, France, Italy, Japan uud the United States, and invite them to a coop the principles recorded in it
October If).—The
Lo > Mai reason given for Mr. Kruger* eiubaika-' s lion, was that he feared that the B era ¦'* here would attack him. The feeling if m the refugees against Kruger f t fleeing
Arrive R 4A
5.45 Leave
Aylmer IBreeken ridge ? Karel ley Parker’< Crossing t Mohrs Qnyon Wyman's t Tan it Bristol McKee’s Shaw ville
Clark’s
Campbell’s May ? Tank t Vinton Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
6W
6.12
s
6. IS
X large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always un hand, at prices
uit all classes.
6 2d
s. i
6i
6.47
t
”	s.n from the c unity is very strong. Ho left
**	JJ* the G v.moi d h< use in a hired carriage,
>3 accompanied by Dr. llavmann, the Gw-31 ernor following in a private carriage.
The parly drove through the Custom T.oc Hum and emhaikcd from the customs p'er, instead of from the passenger jetty.
A Sit \KJ* ENilAtiEMEXT.
L ndon, Oct. 10. — Lord Roberts re-i orts from Fret» r a under date of October 18, as follows :
“ A party of li -vrs got into Jagersfon-tein on the night of October In, and a tight ensued in the morning. Our loss was eleven killed. The Boers lost their commandant and twenty killed.
Kelly Kenny despatched n column under Hughcs-Uallett, which should reach Jagmsfontein teday.’*
1.56
«I
1.58
IN UNDERTAKING
7.04
7.26
7.4
1 also keep a complete stock of Mineral Furnishings, ranging from the
" tie- most < legnnt
lib receive personal Open dav ami night.
: is
t.oO
7.1
6.03
8.12
plainest requisiti - t Iv designed. All (a Attendance
1
8.30
1.47
fi.8
Leave 0. " •Flag Station, flank, f Flag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
8
Arrive
E. ffODGINS & SON.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT.! ARE HALF SOLD i
P. W. R ESSE MAX,
OENEKAL SVVKltlNTEXPENT
To buy well, watch II r latest ni it formation in the special TRADE
es ami in»
PRESS.
The Canadien Grocer and Storekeeper Tho Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
m.	_ Samples Free
OTTAWA iGÂTIIEiDÏÏ
Fall anil winter Tsnic TaMe
Taking effect Oct. 10, 1899
Farmers I
Allies are now in Pao-Ting-Fu
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
No. I Train Leave Ottawa.
No. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nos. 1 anil 2, dally except Sunday.
For tickets and further Information apply to K. (’. Arno'dl, Ticket A went, ft. Spaik SI., or 31 Central Chambers, Ottawa.
P. W. KESKEM AN.
Uen'l Sup’t.
5.20 p.m
9 -0 a. in
Montreal and Toronto,
Tien Tein, Oct. 10
: i ports say the advance guard of the allied forces entered Pa i Ting Fu Wednesday,
Oct. 17.
The city was practically deserted and offered no resistance.
The British column captured seventeen Imperial soldiers at We Nan Sien, Oct. 10, who were part of tho force of two thousand men sent to disperse the Boxers in that region.
The captives assert that they killed two hundred boxers, pud were returning to Pachow when they wore tired upon, and dispersed bv the French.
The British confiscated their arms and horses and released the Imperial soldiers.
Runners report that many Chinese are burning the villages in the path of the Herman-French column.
Reliable uiu tficial
We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will enable you to carry off prizes in bread competition at the county fair every time.
We can sell you at lowest prices Flour, Grain,
Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
FULL STOCK ALWAYS OX HAND.
Cattle Astray.
Aylmer Boy Killed
Strayed from Wlivelihan'- farm, ('Inrun-
ÆprnZVà; I
Luther Ldey, sr., stating that Ins eon tlon of where thev may bo found will be Frank, an old Aylmer boy, hud been kill thankfully received* by vd on Sunday morning at a tire. While I	_ II. HI
attending to his duties as a fireman he was buried beneath a stone wall, which fell upon him, crushing him instantly.
I
U) WM,El Or ED. BROWM.EE.
TIME CARD,
In Effect JULY 2, 1900.
EASTERN DIVISION. Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
Shawville
For Sale!
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO.
PLOT TO TO KILL THE CZAR.,	,.ra, Ayr,Wr„	„k,„
y, •	«. , « " ’	.	prize at Shawville Exhibition past two
Russian Method of Explosion was years. Price $40
Resorted to. but Failed.
IAS. ARMSTRONG
London, October Pb—The secretary of state for India, Lord George Hamilton,
JAS. GRAHAM
LIMITED TRAINS 2 HOURS. *20 MINUTES
Green Lake
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:-n fo.lS A, M. - Lovai—Stops at all inte rmediate st.v ^as received tho following from Ma j »r t:u!i». Arrives Montreal H.>a. m. Itu'kbmi General Campbell, with the Pao Tihg Fu Brail 'll, Hawkentmry Branch, Valle)Held, connects o-vna/HHrtn • at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall an l points west; |	JU *	_
aQ.OOA.M, Limited, arrives Montreal li -jo a.m.. I	Wang Ch ta roll, Tuesday, ( C’tober
making dose connections with I. lty. Maritime 10.—Arrived hero without opposition.
I Two thousand Chinese cavalry retreated southwards. Lieut. King sent with a
London, October 20.—The Sebastpool correspondent of the Daily Telegraph sends details of a recent plot about a month ago against the life of Emperor
Nicholas.	I The E. B. Eldy Company of Hull,
It appears that about a fortnight before ! have again commenced the making cf tho Czar and Czarina began their journey matches. The match factory started iun to the Crimea, a student at Moscow Uni-1 ning on Saturday, and is now turning out versity, a eon of a post cap’ain of the lots of Jucifers.* The establishment was Black Sea fleet, was arrested for digging ready for running just about six months in a suspicious manner in the vicinity of after the big tire of April, and a fortnight a railway tunnel near ^ebastpoul.	| ahead of the time fixed for its reopening.
I he police, alter the arrest, found a The employees big dining hall in the large quantity of explosives deposited j Eddy establishment is re- p^ned. The where it would have inevitably wrecked , girls employed as hands in the factory do the tunnel when the Imperial train was not now have to go home for thtirdinner, passing.	but can get a meal at a nominal cost.
The correspondent says there are cer The dining hall contains two tables each tam indications that the plot was one of about 50 feet in length. There is a kitchen those concocted by the Breset group of a tochec^ anarchists.
}
Making Matches Again
Furniture Dealer snd U ndertaker...
18.00 A.M. > " lays only—Stops at into	.	.	„	.	.	..
stations. Arrives Montreal ll.oo a.m. Pullman communication to brunch general, d til cer
Parlor Car attached.	left Me Nan Hnen at 2 p. in. yesterday,
r**L’20 P. M., I.imite«l—Stops(ilonR.d.er.'son,only, and returned here at 5 r>. m. today with
A„,s M uiiwüp.m. P,i .	,,, I	h.u ; ridden mile. Jn one
SUCCESSOR TO
uraolied. Connects with trains for Portland ami ail points cn.it of Montreal. For Willey field amt | horse i'i « {Dints south of the St. Lawrence River, .St rt: .ans. Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston T oo a. ,
' New Y'.rk 7.Co a.m. Has through Buffet sleep- southwards of Chee Chow.
11 ® Car' Ottawa to New Y oik.	“ The Chinese regulars are retiring.
a7.C0 I’. M. Local-stops at Intermediate stations.	11 The local governments appear to be
Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto. Chicago trying to suppress the Boxers. Thirteen etc. lias Pullman Parlor Car to Montreal.	I heads of Boxers wore hanging on the gate
of Chee Chow when we entered.”
COTHBERTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT, Main Street • (Opposite G. F. Hodgins') - Shawville.
14 Gazdlle is at Sung Li Tien, six miles
— —o
A first-class stock of Furniture of all kinds now on hand, including some special bargains in Lounges and Parlor Suites.
UNDERTAKING CALLS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Cenaral l»**jK>t : all.30 A.M. Local -from B u,New York, New
att'.iVm. N8v,?è’rï, ''“wSK ! BIG WELCOME TO DULLER
thi ¦; I: fl • v l< ¦ :	• ,r N. w York V « tttAwa;
1.25 P. M. Limited— From Montr ai and points east, leaving Montreal at 11.00 a.m. lias Pullman Pallor Car.
The West is not the worst field for the Liberals. Ontario is going to give the government a surprise this time. The vote that left the Conservatives in 1896 on the School question will bo back into line this time, and will give the opposition a majority, and a good one. In Quebec too the government is going to lose some seats. It may not lose a groat many, but as it cannot afford to lose any at all, the few it will lose will be disastrous. Information from a number of points in the province, says the opposition has a fair lighting chance oven in Quebec. It must not be forgotten that Quebec is the pro- | tinue to do so this season as follows vince that never does what is expected of it. In 1896 it was reasonably expected that it would support the government of Sir Charles Tapper, but instead it gave that adminstration its death blow. So in the coming contest the unexpected is very likely to happen, and Laurier, Tarte and Company find themselves out in tho cold.
—Evente.

Remarkable Display of Enthusiasm at Durban
*“ Jimmy ” Adams, of Berkley Sp:ing«, W. Va., left for the Klondike three years ago, penniless, on a freight train, and returned tho other day in a private car, hauled by a leased engine with a fortune of $200,000 in gold arid mining property estimated at $5,000,000.
NOTICE.
Bristol Wharf
FERRY
«7.35 T. M. Local From Montreal. VullcyllvM amt intermediate point*, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and point# west, lias Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 4.lu, j\ m.
Dissolution of Partnership.
Durban, Natal, Oct. 22.—General Duller had an enthusiastic reception on 19.10 P. M. Sunday only-. Fnm Montreal and in- I his arrival here. The buildings were all
Pullman Parlor Car attached.	| people turned out in great numbers to
nlO.15 P; M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at I welcome the British commander. In a
Notice is hereby given that the partnership heretofore subsisting between James Cut hbert.son, James Graham and John U. Elliott, doing business in the village of Shawville under the name and style of Cuthbertson, Graham & Elliott, has this day been dissolved by mutual All claims against ths late firm will be settled by the said James Culhbertson, to whom all debts and accounts duo, are re o uired to be paid on or before the lot If of December, next.
In future the furniture and undertaking department of the late firm will be carried on by James Graham, while the lumber, sawing, planing, shingle mill, etc., will be carried on by John G. Elliott.
Dated at Shawville this first day of October. 1900.
(Signed.) JAS. CUTHBERTSON,
JAS. GRAHAM,
LG. ELLIOTT.
o
The Kingston News says of the facts respecting emergency food fraud disclosed in Lieut. Morrison’s letter :
Middle and Western Divisions. woul,J act utjUedly on a settlement of the ** yG man with a heart in his breast can
present trouble. That, he said, was the reacj % without feeling his blood boil with only way by « hich the bitterness, which indignation at the crime for which the had existed since 1881, could be wiped Liberal government are responsible, out. In conclusion, he urged the people to do their best towaid making South Africa a united country.
In the afternoon General Duller ernbaik-ed on a steamer for Cape Town. All the ships in the harbor were gayly decorated in hie honor
CHANCE OF TIME.
concent
The undersigned having had two years’ experience in ferryingpassengers between Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will con-
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Dej^t :
8 15 A. M. For Amprior. Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke, Barry # Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry Sound and intermediate points.
4.40 P. M. For Ami»rlor. Renfrew, Eganville,Pembroke, M&dawaska and intermediate station*.
I.	00 P- M. Mixed Train f)r Arnvrior, Renfrew Egan ville, Mudawaakaand intermediate atations. 1
Trains arrive at Ottawa Ci i.tral Depot :
II.	10 A.M. From Madawankn, Pembroke, Egan ville, Renfrew, Amprior and intermediate points.
5.55 P. M From Parry Sound, Eganville, Ren frew, Amprior and intermediate points.
8.50 P M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska, Egan ville, Renfrew, Amprior ami intermediate stations,
a—Train* running daily except Sunday, b—Sunday only.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Leave Bristol Wf\arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m
No Conservative politician or newspaper has used stronger words in criticiz ing the Laurier Government than those in the following paragraph from the manifesto of Mr. II. H. Cook, for many years
Leave Sand Point
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m
Liberal member for East Simcoe :
11 The record of our party, while it has been In power under its present leaders, is one long, shameful story of promises unfulfilled and pledges broken ; of reckless extravagance; of jobbery and corruption; and of utterly disgraceful betrayal of every principle for which ae a party we have stood. For the purpose of securing themselves in office the men who have been entrusted with positions of leadership have brought disgrace upon our party and dishonor upon the name of Liberalism.”—Almonte Times.
Meeting nil Trains
There was a serious increase in the deaths from diphtheria in Ontario in September this year, as compared with the same month last year, the figures being 40 and 21 respectively.
GEORGE BALLANTINE,
ANGLO-GERMAN ALLIANCE
Wood Notice.
Ferryman
To Preserve the Integrity of the Chinese Territory.
Public Notice is hereby given that the Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon will receive tendent for firewood—pine and hardwood—for the respective school houses in the municipality (13 schools) to oue p. m., of Saturday, the 27th Inst.
By order,
11. MATHESON,
Sec.-Treas.
The Manitoba Government ha# offered The storm that swept over the eaetern I $300 reward for the apprehension of Wal-coast of Nova Scotia ia reported the worst ter Gordon, the supposed murderer of in twenty-five year#. Telegraph lines I Chas. Daw and Jacob Smith, the Basse were blown down and no fewer than thir- | vain farmer#, whose bodies were found in teen schooners were ashore at North I an old well on the former’s farm a few
days ago.
London, Oct. 20.—Germany and Eng land have formed and alliance to main
up
Central Depot, Russell House Elect	‘"d
sise asy,~.,rm I d
Sydney
Shawville, 15th Oct. 1900

W
