###PAGE###1###


No. 13. 20th Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, SEPT. 11, 1902.
11.00 a Year in Advance.
A choice stock of picture frame moulding* at Imlson's Studio.
For enlarging, copying, viewing, picture framing and photo* of the beat platino finish go to Imitons Photo Studio.
RAMSAY’S PAINTS-the right Paint to paint right. See new picture ad. Inelde page. For male by O. F. Hedging, Shawvllle.
PERSONAL
bank ofjttawa , MERCHANTS’ BANK
OP CANADA.
Mis* Jackson has returned to town and resumed her post at Mr. J. H. Shaw's,
Mr. K, Graham, Klmside, returned from his Western trip on Saturday night.
Mrs. Dilworth and children returned home on Friday evening.
Miss Lizzie Armstrong, of Patterson, N.J , arrived in town last week on a Wanted. —After Sept 1st, a girl to do I visit to her numerous friends in this general housework. Apply at The Equity Motion.
ce*	¦¦¦ Mr. A H. Leggo, merchant, of Fort
Coulonge, was in town on Monday.
Mm. (Hon) George Bryson, and daughter, Miss Flossie, were in town on
ft
Read Office! . Capital paid up
OTTAWA, CANADA.
........tl.000,000
......... i.7«,eoo
Rest
HARDWARE !
Board of Dindon :
Charles Maoke, Esq., President. I CAPITA?
Gboroi Hay, esq.,Vioe-President.	I vATIAAL - -
8S.ÜMgg>* «gM» ft I RESERVE FORD,
Head OOee, • Montreal.
- $6,000,000. - 2,600,000.
General Manager
OeOROBnVRN l) M. FINN1K
Branches ;
IN ONTARIO
Keewsttn,
K* " ptrille, Mstlawa,
Ottawa,
LINKS
Builders, please remember that we make a Specialty of Hardware. Our stock will be found very complete in the following lines :
Nails of all kinds Glass, all sizes Hinges
H and C Hooks Door Bells and
General House Furnishing Goods.
SBAWVI1LB BEANCE,
Lanark,
Pra±?4'
Alexandria,
Antprior,
Avonroore,
Bracebridge,
Carleton
Cobden
Hawkeebury,
On the death of John Heman McDowell, | Monday who departed this life to be with Jesus June Bin. 1908,
Money loaned on approved eeeurity at
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought And collected.
Mr. James Cuthbertaon, Thornton at., Ottawa, was in town last week.
is
Dear brother, thou baa gone to be Forever with the Lord,
Money transferred to all parte of the world. | And now thy face no more we see
Nor thy dear voice la heard.
do Bank Bit Renfrew do Rideau St. Toronto, do Somerset Ht. Winchester Vsakleek Hill, Smith's Falla
IN MANITOBA
' Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC ;
Mrs. W. Rimer, Bryson visited her daughter, Mrs. Parker, last week.
Mr. R. C. Wilson, of G. F. Hod gins’ •tore, was away enjoying a holiday lsst
Wjfk.
Place,
SAVINGS BANK.
It Is with sad and heavy hearts We mourn a loved one gone ;
°l'g^““Th7*r»ltbeUdône^rt	Mr **«»'? Hodgin», bis Bone up to
-,	. ,	.	.	.	.	.. . Mmeey Station to engage in the factory
r. A. PARKER, I BnMt4^"k.?r?.,,E#00“P,,“r>	'	fha^W
And hi» eternal gain.	Rev. Canon Longhurst, of Granby Que.,
was the guest of l)r. Klock on Monday night and Tuesday, while en route to Ren frew, Pembroke, Ouiseau, and other points of Interest.
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Optics Rooms Saturdays .
Lachute.
,	Hull,
Bhawlnlgan Falls.
Montreal
10 A.M. To 8 P.M
10 A.M. TO 1 P.M
Aftata In Canada, New York and Chicago-Hank of Montreal.	_	,
Agents In St Paul-Merchant# Nat Bask:
Agents In London, Bog.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
Manager


For mine a loving father had A better life In store.
And called him to a fairer land To live forever more.
Our home ha* now a vacant place Which never can be filled,
I 128 offered for a good female cook In a I BQur hcarta^He kîlôwMonecd™ It !¦ 1" | fl„t da** hotel. Apply at once to Mr,.
PadncHotel,Fort William, To h a companion,, one and all.
Let this a warning be.
To be prepared to meet death's call And live eternally.
%
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Mias Maude Crawford left on Wednesday on an extended visit to her sister at Alexandria Bay, N.Y.
Mr. Willie tiwallwell, formerly of Portage du Fort, and who for a number of years has resided at Everrett, Washington, U 8., is at present visiting the scenes of his boyhood accompanied by
9
COOK WANTED.
9
Insertion of matter uni hand by Monday noon of eaeh week. I JohnHoequall
Ont
Born-At Thome West on Saturday. Sept» 6th, to Mr. and Mrs. James Judd, a daughter.
At Thome Weal, on Monday. Sept, 8th, to Mr. and Mrs. John La them, a daughter.
9
Don't forget Dr Stackhouse will be in Shawvile next week, Sept. 16tb, and Dear God, may we meet round thy throne hi# son
saïa XWJr H	-
Messrs. Manson Wilson, Harold Wil son and Heinan Armstrong, left for Albert College, Belleville, on Saturday
\Ve understand that Manson
Born.—At Shswville on Wednesday The Rev. Mr. Goroery preached in St
SES" “ “ I SIS8SI I	| EEE3EEBF
Rev. Dr. Moort, for thirty »i* years Morning 10 o’clock, 2.30 and 7 pm. paetor of the Bank Street Presbyterian Each evening during the week at 7.30. church, Ottawa, has placed his résigna- Although harvesting is not yet finish tion in the hands of the Ottawa Pres* | ed, threshing is now pretty general in bytery
morning
We are also Headquarters for
Murrell's Corners
Guns, Rifles Ammunition
and Cutlery.
PRICES ALWAYS RIGHT.
9
Sept. 3.—Harvesting is nearly over in this section, and some of the farmers are talking of threshing pretty soon.
Mrs. Peter Ferguson and three children, m,	» •	»	,	, of Mattawa, are visiting friends in this
this locality, and reports say that the ,1|V many friend* here of Mr, P. J. j section.
ms^ gig:sstepgs
The first prize bread in both the bak- former for Lennoxville College, and the	^ °“	1 Uesd#y Wllh ^lee Maggie Farrell who has been
« aiswvaysas sr x 5: am	frtife
manufactured by the Dowd Milling Com- llelh Naylor left for McGill University, Ïï!1	J* o ,	. , frew on Monday, acooinjianied by her
7	, ,, tssis? F»KSv£r
sarr JS ïïIïïïîts b ir“	J.z4“-- ^
Esq., all of Clarendon.	on throughout the Dominion particularly Mr. Robert Moorebend, agent for the I month
m Manitoba, tho Northweaten territories Gillies Bros., was at the Otter Lake I Mr. Anderson, timber inspector for and British Columbia. The satisfaction House Thursday on him way down. , the C.P.R., was in townthia week. Ac- is derived from the fact that their party Mr. O. Des jardin went to Shaw ville companied by Mr. B. C. Crawford, he laid the foundation deep and firm for the Friday. went to Ladysmith on Monday, to see advance, progress, and pioeperity now [	“
what the prospects are for oak and rock everywhere apparent.—Stratford Herald. | Saturday elm in that locality
Otter Lake and Leslie
une
j
SHAW.

0
harvest excursion to the west last I n	A A	aii«	¦
P. S.-Our Grocery Stock is very best.
Clarendon Council
Mr. B. KiHoran went to Clarendon
Town Hall, Shaw ville,
2nd September, 1902.
Regular session of the Council this
The Advocate last week complains I It begins to look like fall here now,
Dr. 8. R. Martin, Surgeon Dentist, bitterly, that out of the “tremendous I verJ coM nights and frequent frosts, o* taws, will be at Quyon, Sept. 12th and Grit expenditure,” never a dollar comes	bans Ceremonie. I 'Members present: Mr Mayor, John
13th; Shaw ville, 16th and 16th; Bryson, to Pembroke, which has its old rotten |	(Stewart; Councillor# : James Smith,
17th; Campbell's Bay, 18th; Coulonge, docks along the river front, constituting	*•*	James Wilson, Wra Hudgins and WA
19th. Parties will kindly call early. an obstruction rather than a benefit to	Hudgins.
I I*	¦¦	navigation And Mr. Tarte has been up	P _ay INOtes	Minutes of last meeting read.
and down that same river too, and took	Moved by Coun James Wilson, sec by
Territory, was united in marriage on the	jQ the whole situation Î In fact it is	Sept. 2nd.—Miss	Lizze McFarlane	Coun Wm Hodgins,	that the minutes of
29th ult., to Mias Maggie Mac-far la ne,	hinted he even “ winked ” at Pembroke	arrived home from	Northern Arizona	last meeting as now	read be confirmed
eldest daughter of the late David Mac-	Qreat Scott 1 what's the matter with the	where she had been	spending the past	—Carried.
iarlane, of Fitaroy Harbor.	two Tom's, that were to be such a	few months with her	sister Mrs. (Rev.) Moved by Coun James Wilson, sec by
The Rtorv of the devour ins of a child weighty combination in boosting things Black.	Coun James Smith, that having examin-
Kome weeks uro bv a bear near Mattawa	? Can it be possible that after all Mrs. Holt, of Ottawa, spent Monday ed the Valuation Roll submitted, that the
and which warn circulated broadcast the Toms are N. CL?	Labor Day here, the guest of her sister, said Valuation Roll as read is hereby
- - - - jgssÿîEÿS	ess
From what we can learn the yield i • .. ne	o-ij fswn w	McLean, left for home on Monday James Smith, that Wm Palmer be paid
of oata in this section of the county this iramediatelv seized^ bv Bailiff Bolsm of	X) ,	, t	0 f<>r two cedars and plank used in his road
year is going to be something phenomen n	y	Lantemlker at, thé	®rown^ee armed here on Satur- division, $1 25 ; also that he be paid for
al. Small lots threshed by some of the fn?f L "f Norman lSSw fZ, d&J eveQ1D8.to uke char8e of her school three days road work said to be perform-farmers around this neighborhood, have Provincial Game-Keener unon enemal °r®n.9ui,1n term.	ed one day for F Tippinsand two days for
w.	xT&Sz
Home-seekers excursion will run to	™ matter was brought befora of Mr. and Mrs. Lunam and presented Moved by Coun Wm Hodgins, sec by
Manitoba	and	Canadian North-West, R\mer» “*l:, J. I m who,	up< n Mr	them with a handsome chair and table	Coun Jas Wilson, that Hugh	Elliott be
Sept. 16th,	good to return until	Nov. I Byroe a admission, declared	the fawn I accompanied with an address.	paid for two culverts	18 feet	long; also
16th. Rate to Manatoba and Return, confiscated, and on account of Mr. Byrne * Mr. Archie Stevenson read the ad-I John Cunningham, |2.40, one day of one $28.00; Regina, $30.00; Calgary, $36.09; Mirent good faith, only inspowd the I drW| whUe Mr. Geo. Smith presented ; team in the diivsion of H Maitland.-Edmonton, $40.00. All iuformation from	smallest fine, $10 ami cve.sof	Huit. The	fche chair ftn(1 tahIe	Moved	by Coun Wm Hodgins, sec by
J. R. Tierney, Ry. and 8. S. Ticketfawn w present under M.	McCunig H Mr. Lunam replied,	thanking the	Coun Jas	Smith, that the Valuators be
Agent, Arnprior, Ont.	care until further mstru tv »ns from the j friends on behalf of him «elf and Mrs. paid $2 per day each for 37 days, and
„	.	„	,, . v v ,	depart,nont. It m a beautiful	end harm-	Lunam for their kindness. Both bave been	that R W Ralph be	paid 810	for acting
Mr. and	Mrs	B. W. Young, of	this	leas little animal, being about our months	earne8t and faithfu, workers in the Sab-	as clerk, also #1.95
v.llage, mourn the low of their second	old. Mr. Ramville represented the pro-	^ School for ^e past	sixteen years,	Report of Peter McLean of rear lot.
eldest child, Inn, a little girl of three	vincial game-keeper. Com.	during which time Mr. Lunam dischari;	124, 25, 26	and 27 on 5th range submit-
the sunshine of their domestic joys. »*¦ “nlted *"	Mr. Rotiert our appreciation of your long and faithful	-6| Mul W on oth ranKC'
Henderson Smith, of Blind River, Ont. labors m the congregation and especially . taintu.
Is Typhoid Mm Contagious f— The bride was assisted by her sister, Miss in the Sabbath School. We can not ex- Moved by Coun >> m Hodgins, sec by
This question was asked us by our Yarm Edith, and the groom by hia friend, Mr. P™*'"	^'etu	Coun James Wilson, that John Stewart
sran ?. sjsyjs
of being an expert in matters of this light blue cloth and white silk trimmings, wish to show our appreciation in some I voun V\ m Hodgins, ‘hat a rate of one-kind, we would i>e much obliged if some and wearing a bndal veil and orange tangible way. We therefore ask yourself sixth of one cent in the dollar on every of our medical friends would elucidate blossoms. The bridesmaid was similarly and Mr*. Lunam to accept this chair and dollar on the Valuation Roll be and is
ssrassrs as; ss sic
that typhoid is contagious under oondi- performed by the pastor of the bride, God bless you both and grant unto you ^®n.t *nithe dollar of every douar on tM tions, the existence of which are due Rev. R. H. Brett, only the immediate every blessing in the world in the present x aluation Roll be and is herety levied to largely if not entirely to lack of preoao- friends of the bride being present. After t,me and ln th« w»rld to come life ever (defray interest and sinking fund of the tion in caring for and attending* to the ceremony a daintily prepared luncheon l^ "impatienta affiicted with the disease. Where was served. A goodly number of useful scrupulous cleanliness is observed with a and valuaWepresento were reecived by free use of disinfectants, the danger the bride. Tlie happy couple will reside < f con ta ji on is said to be very slight. ' in Webbwood.—Com.
day
k
* •

Dr. M.T. Macfarlane, of Olds, Alberta
Of Housewifely Interest.
i
Spices
The Drug Store is the place to buy SPICES, for here we have the knowledge and facilities for determining the Purity and Quality, and without this safeguard you can't tell whether the Spices you buy are as good and pure as they ought to be.
No need to go over the list, we have got them all—PEPPER, CURRIE POWDER, CINNAMON, CLOVES, TUMERIC, &c., and they are the best money can buy. Same way with
Our Flavoring Extracts.
for extras —Carried
We make them ourselves and know to the last drop what goes into them, and we are very careful to have them PURE and GOOD. When you use our Flavoring Extracts you are sure that money could not buy better
Lemon, Vanilla, Cinnamon, Peppermint,
and all the rest.
Now that the Pickling Season Is here try our Malt Vinegar, (Not the acid kind.
THE DRUG STORE
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
for the year 1902, and
railway t
that a By-law be now framed to that effect accordingly.—Carried.
By law framed, passed and homologated. Hugh Matheson, Sec Treasurer.

coil
on behalf of your friends and
Geo. Smith,
Archie Stevenson, John M Lean.


A
X

###PAGE###2###

miClJES FOR THE £186
’ oil and criticised. At last they dim- ttè6è*étttè4*t*tté*èè* ! £	4 ngrwd about what should be built. >4	<& |
...L., i-i. n. 11	JÏÏS $ How Dansey Made $
PERSONAL POINTERS
'•All of which," said Mrs. Ahler-ton-Miavp, slowly and Impressively. ton-Mhurp, slowly and impressively, _ , "points to only one conclusion: Mr, 9 D« > doesn’t know III - own mind "
-----	... V1WI,	_ No, let’s build noth," said Uns. ÏIJn Ifje Mjn/I	_ Z\ "That's what we suspected nil
»v'°* as there were plenty of blocks ^ UJ; illJ i^lllluc —f< along!" cried Alice. it's a very *$6444+4+0444444+4+4+9 t0 liuil(1 both* they started tt race to 4	(» trxlug state of things,"
1 » who could finish first. Hut it 4444444444444444444444 ! "It ’s a state of things that must
it! W4VS 11 Peculiiar thing that Jack built	,	,	4 4	.	be remedied," said her mother, with
with his left hand and Ethel with ^	‘ l,?1!1 i0*lmxk l® >011’ great lirmness.
her right while each lettned on the .8ftid Mrs. Aldei ton-tSharp, addressing ] * .-v<s ,,ut ,loW?..
hand that was supposedly disvngag-	daughters	"(Jirls, we must help Paul Dan soy
isl. Hut an observer less interested !*'	\ knvx.\ 1 Ult w 1,011 l/]vir to 11 ml out which ono of you ho is in
iu building than tins might have 1 thvl sIH>ko in tant tone something , v with!"
• was going to happen.	,
mm
echoed Huso and Alice 10 ‘lo wlth
Notes of Interest About Some
Leading People.
ROYAL TONICS AND HOW THE1 ARE PREPARES.
«
8
Ethel
I

Lord Kitchener, when in the Soudan, received a bullet wound in the cheek from un Arab rifle lot, after remaining in the flash for some time, fell into his fdatu at a
London restaurant.	Considering how vigilantly
No one has amassed millions so King s life is guarded in other rapidly as Mr. Alfred licit, the South roctioim. it is only natural that African millionaire, who is reputed to greater precautions should be taken Ik* tho wealthiest man in the world. | with regard to his medicines, and if
is practically an impossibility thorn to be titmfH'rvd with or mistake made in their preparation.
Although all the Royal palaces a,o fitted with laboratories well stocked
period of twenty-five years.	xx H ll dl ,,gs'	0,1 l*v in (:“su of
A "l'rire of Virtue" has l»oon con- 4,1 ^011	net easily that the medictnos
ferred by the Erench Academy on ,“’>al patients issues from there. Mile llonnvfois, who has devoted lier ,,l° rt‘s ,,v!li “Pothecary being gener. life to the education of the children ea,letl	to <I n1^ho for tho
various membeia of t lie household only. Tho King's medicines r ate with the prescription drawn by tho surgeon apothecary, Sir Er nnc is Laking, In consultation with the other physicians in attendance. After It has been written out in Latin and signed it is placed in a wallet, which is then locked
ealed
iV wallet; one retained by the physician and the other hy the dispensing chemist, to whom the proscription is BjBPBWPIPWMMMIMMIII,,.,tinis in the charge of a special
under vest." He conducts himself i messenger.
the effect of absence upon I with great propriety, but sometimes n will he seen that so far it i,
loses Ills self-rout ml when the des- impossible for the prescription to h« sett comes on lie is shortly to he changed or tampered with, and tho furnished with a new evening suit chemist on receiving tho wallet takes m order that lie may appear in the it jlllo the small laboratory specially regulation attire at the numerous set apart for the preparation of dinners he is being invited to	Royal medicines before breaking tho
¦	,,	,	,	Eor several years tho Sultuu of seal. This is then done in tho pro-
to realize Ins feelings Turkey's private theatre at Von- sence of an assistant
'* stantinoplv has given employment to dispensera nre
a considerable number of m tors and special laboratory wherein the drugs.
It is related that on one I of the highest quality only, are kept
apart from others and
Under lock and key.
while in the same room is u fireproof safe containing n book of vellum into which the prescription is carefully copied and ihacked before the medicine Is made up.
Equal secrecy is maintained in tho disiumsing, which is carried out behind locked doors, and every tion of the drugs used is three times
weighed and
compounded then made.
Great Precautions Are Taken—Im. possible to Make Mistake.
The bill
Jivek Waving was bashful, but was a question if he was any more bashful than Ethel Talcott. They could not speak to each other on even the most trivial subjects with-it stummei lug and blushing, but ,	, . ,	,
Jack persisted in calling, despite the ^ticed that tho two hands not used
in building \\«K- trjing to rest
the mi mu spot of Hour, ami occasionally the lingers intertwined in a way that brought the color to the cheeks of tho two young people, j whose faces were carefully averted. ' "Jack's collage is done first " cried (lus. s| raw ling forward IH bis cardboard figures. "And here you aro both going in the front gate."
the
gi-
ft vm
Hi# fortune is said to exceed $1,-000,000,(KH), and ho ham an income sufficient to make ten new million-
« v11 iHHHHHHHI
colossal fortune was made within a
for
a ny
on
apparent discomfort his visits caused both. Everybody could sec that he was desperately in love, and it was a saying among their friends that if Jack could ever summon up! the courage to propose. Ethel would ho too bashful to refuse him, wheth-! er s!:« lov ed him or not. She had, just corns out at the beginning of t)»e season, about the same time that
Jack, who had just graduated from .... .	.	.	.	..
college ami entered Ins father's bust- . /'"* wc s,,°'lla	thc chu,ch
ness. „f which he was prospective	wel|Ko.lt0 the co,t“«*
heir, first began to attract the ut- ^ h^rV’t y
-fE -Ei	"
girls who were enjoying themselves.
Anyway, some common chord of sympathy made them embarrassed
KLtR. n. :sl «ÛT c Jz
but when left to themselves they	!	f! M01’	b„ut “ck	»U ‘ chl"K to
suffered. Unlike most young people	,	mother moke,I
in a similar case, thev courted rather	.	,	0	° . 4 *e °	ll‘r' 11111 l*’en
than avoided the company of ‘hu*lu«naKed to stammer :
I thel’s little brother, G us, and Jack !.. ”lut f, right-ire want you:
soon became su?h friends with him ’	....
that he felt called upon to remember 1	exi'laimed the moth-
bis birthday. This he did bv send-	'VpU 1„nel'vr-.“nd ,lmt buy
inti him an elaborate box cf build- îhc,',"?ra «» the time I Talk about ing blocks, which (lus drugged Into bashful people .
H o parlor on the occasion of his ‘ ux< r next visit, and insisted that the dt nor tench him how to build with t hem.
rim whole of bin
1
who live in booths and caravans. She goes the round of all the great fairs and sets up her tent school among the allows and circuses, doing an immense amount of good. She is very popular among her rough clients, young and old.
Mr. Joseph Loiter owns a pet ,,lk- monkey, which not infrequently has and Higgles-! an honored place at the «linnet \ "lie isn't1 hie
Well*
origin-
9$
il|>
Well?
said
Don't you think
exclaimed Alice from her chair
"Oh, but I do! jumi log excitedly
; "Mamma, \on re a genius!"
Mrs. A Meet on Sharp did not. deny I the accusation.
"I don’t see the ccmnectioif
Danscy
feebly
I want to know what
said t heir mot her.
Wouldn't u be bettor to ask Paul
means by
you mean
by it
Mr. Dansey— what ho surges ted Alice.
1 hat s what Alice and I want to added Jose.
Mrs. Alder ton-Sharp tapped
foot impatiently upon tho carpet.
If this state of a (lairs goes on. 1
shall be obliged to ask him," she	,r*
said.	his wavering heart."
_ !	" i x.u t i\soi«i hei mother
* sence has taught main a man know his own mind."
"Yes— when there's only one girl "Not necessarily Aldvrton-Sha p uhles a man
and
There are two keys to this
it?
tween Mi
First
to the church ami then to my cottage. "
Another pressure of assent.
Just what would have happened
the presence of
t hoi pc," protested Host going t here, ?s he?"
— Jaeko’s evening suit consists Of < oat and trOUSCrtl >>i bfOWh Cloth,
\<», you siupiJ, tii.it in mst the will» large brans buttons, and
¦¦¦	I
know
her
an

explained Alla

Alt-
The girls littoral a horrified
test
Wv
were only joking . i Alice, with a red face.
“Wo should spoke to Mr. Dan soy "Someone will have to do thing." announced Mrs Sharp, with p&rdonoblo vagueness
For how was it possible to do wards two, or any number, for that actresses anything but vague in this rldicul- matter'	occasion, when some ( '• reek peri or m-
ously vague affair. What was the This argument	seemed unanswer- ,TS woro fixing 4'Othello," the Sul-
in ‘Mstractecl mother of two charming able.	tan was so much affected at the np-
.Mal marriageable daughters to do to Don I you see, Mrs. Alder ton-' proat lung murder of Desdeinonu that n young nmn who frankly professed Sharp continued, warming to her ]w rajSV(i his hand and forbade that to he devoted to both?	subject, “the reason Mr. Dansey has sho should be smothered The fob
e inn t he in love with hoth of . proposed to neither 01 you is t hill I lowing night the play was again pro-yo“- s'“ld 7I S Aiucrton-Hharp. I In- h.«s no dear impression of you	| but hv tho .Sultan's orders,
get ,	m‘2! fi.800,118 tH W thc mut- in his own mind His Judgment is thv lllla, iu,t ,v«s changed and the
1	IPd ™e‘	,	.	confused and hewil.lcred by constant | tlngir ,nrj(lt,nl ulimina«od
'n af' ,H. .v,'r-v ,0"d of 11 s association with both, and you have Most people who come In contact remarked Alice, with anoth- i never given him a chance of dial In- with him llmid tlle biting sarcasm
guishing one irom the other.	and caustic wit which, when thought
‘‘Mamma is quite light, interims- necessary, Lord Salisbury can hurl et 1 Alice. "Paul Dansey looks upon uni the mot 1er, in righteous indig- us collectively as a couple of verv
tmm attractive	but l don't
he’s very
t ions belong to which certainly hasn't made up his which of us possesses the most tractions—for him."
declared
returned Mrs
die of shame if you said Rose.
If absence en
souk*
Ablerton-j towards one girl, why shouldn't
enable him to realize his feelings to
All the Royal required to have a

'
mind that," said Jack, suddenly grown as bold as brass, as he planted his first kiss on Ethel's The question Is, do wo
I lips
* the blessing ?
You’ll bo able to tell better after
• *n 11	, . . 4 ,	,	.'"'i are married
on a suitable design. Rut he soon found that building while sitting on a chair was difficult, and as G us was sprawled comfortably on the floor watching the Work, he presently slq>-ped down beside him. Now, it is a peculiar thing about building blocks that
por-
What shall I build ?" Jack «sk
Cd
both,"
or blush "And are this impossible
analyzed before being A final examination i# and the bottle or box sealed down is placed with the prescription and locked and sealed, after which
said the mother

hoi
you content, to accept i state of things!"
having been in the wallet
at some offending antagonist On one occasion, during a political discussion. Lord Salisbury and his supporters were in a minority. Said ,*K‘ messenger takes it back to the
one of his opponents:	"We shall physician.
never get you to agree1 with us. you	0V(	11 ,,c)'v 1 he medicine	is not
1,1_	are such a complete set of Thilis-	readv	for the Royal patient.	It has
tines." To this the Marquis quietly	to	** examined and	checked
And you	think our going uvvnv	replied. "Do you recollect what	‘:v 1 ie physi(*ittn I» Die precincts of
. ‘ I will help him	to make it up?"	happened to the Philistines?" “1	, Royal laboratory. 'Ibis done,
I am sure of it." declared Mrs.	don't," was the	reply. "They were	J*e sou s do''n the cork and puts the
so_ AIderton-Sharp with decision. "That	smitten by	the Jaw-bone of	an	bo, c !n 11 l,ox which	is	kept	locked
month at Bigglcsthorpc will show	ass," said his	lordship. And	the	[lT,d only opened when	n	dose	has to
which of you is to be Mrs. Paul	other collapsed	“ administered
I Uni,soy."	In Glasgow	the Y.M.C.A.	has	u ;ut; » though the box Is kept	In
Exactly three week» after	the	magnificent building, which was	P"!.®nt.8 chamber, the cork of
above recorded.	,he	practically gifted to it by Lord	,hr. bot„llr sp,lle< R«aln whenever
.....-........... - *	*....ur Mvt «ns
does the bottle remain on the table. The King's medicine Is always measured out by the physician himself, to guard against an overdose, and , .	. ....	.	.. is then frequently administered either
his shillings worth the Queen or the Princess Vic-ih,. regular customers.	torin Klllg K<lward admit8 Ulat
¦....  .	«ho are. of course, principally clerks	llP ia n troublesome patient. and
"	1 1 1	,uld 0*hc*re who have not too much	very often when he him flrmlv de-
money h is certainly novel to we : dined to take his medicine from the >"»	a millionaire dining with, perhaps,	hands of his doctors, or even from
u hundred men whoso combined in- the Queen’s, the Prlnceas— who. like lor a year probably do not her
1 hink
‘ AVv cnn t help ourselves
««I Alice
‘ Resides, you know, he’s never ac-
oxplained
return
clvnr as to which ut troc
Any how, lie mind
geography and morals
tually made love to us
A Traveller Relies on Promises j Rose According to Latitude

Not made love to you!" almost
thev are always; "Moral obligation appears to to a ®cI,;cnni^ ,	Alderton-Sharp
bought for children, wry few child-	geographical question,"	said Mr	1 1)0,8,11 he (uM he,*e twice,
ren can work out the designs that	Jacob Wright, an English	engineer	three times a
go with them, and consequently they	“it's true, ' he continued	"1 have	000811 * hv sPvnd hours in voui
me forced to call upon their elders had lots of experience in the north-	C,oty: ,1<>psn t llo take you every
to help them. Moreover, their elders I vrn hemispheres oi this world of	Wherc; <,oean t he smother your
usually take kindly to the task, and ours, and I relv on promises being	rlt>om,s with flowoni* nnd ruin your
are apt to get cross if the child in- fulfilled under tho power of moi ai	,l1,ff08tl,w" *'ith ,1he most expensive
terferes in any way and delays the	obligation according to mv	latitude	v ?C<\a,t,0S; d008,1 1 he ffo about	pub-, conversation
work in hand. In a very few min-	When u business promise is	made to	lc,y le,llpR PeoPlc .von am the most	Misses	Alderton-Sharp returned
utes Jack was as deeply interested me j turn to mv map and see what	charming girls in tho world; doesn't	town,	summoned	thither	by a brief merchant princes
ns if he were building n cure-enough | latitude 1 am in for th.» nun-kino#	bc be,,HV0 in iufh a manner that	and	somewhat	\ague	letter
F	at : cL %%	=sst# " **...................
pln.e an arch that was in two tNm ^ relie.1 on. pirn-s and needed other blocks to	„ic equator
ll,i Paired beside it in order to keep where 1 nevei
it in place, but in doing so he Uon to exist: knocked a corner out of the building with his elbow.
although
1
W'M'lx
So cautious is he
There is u iw from j tauruni in tho building which pro-x idea a good three-course dinner for demanded Rose and Alice one shilling, and in it the donor of
soon us the first the colossal building may \ cry often
be seen eating
Mrs. Alderton-Sharp hesitated be- along with fore replying.
"Girls." she said at last
mis- their mother "Well?
All the some, it can't be coiled expectantly
persisted Rose.
Especially as there am two of put in Alice.
Yes," said Rose, "he's irritatingly impartial."
“Then you admit that his dud irritates
as
making love
greetings were oxer
xvc huxe zero found moral ohliga and as we go ward from there wc find a sense of moral obligation to increase degree by degree until we reach tho Arctic circle.
north- I Us,
no reason why you should bury con- yourselves at Higgles! horpo
You clumsy boy !
exclaimed Ethel, who had been watching with the most intense interest let me hold them
demanded ! longer
Mrs. Alderton-Sharp with a search
you?
Here
"Then he's made up his mind at last!" cried Rose eagerly.
"Yes. he's made up his mind,"
"This is no theory, for l am ,	,
speaking from experience. Some of ,u* *,nnce ut,„hor pIf,est daughtei my first engineering work was done <)f. cou,,?e.' replied Hose. *
away up in northern Norway, and 1 rpna,,,t.v always irritating— hut said her mother
learned, to my gratification/what it 1 la5	t necessarily mean I’m
in luxe with Mr. Dansey. mother," she added, a little sharply.
comes
equal that of the millionaire for week.
mother, is an untiring nurse— a has proved successful in overcoming his opposition.
and a moment
floor
i.'n-1
later she was sitting on the with them.
Jack patiently rebuilt the damaged corner, and then Ethel held the arch until he had built around it.
"Now make some bathing houses on the beach," commanded Gus.	VIOLATE HIS PROMISE,
Jack obeyed, and then Gus brought When an agreement is made thov nut some men and women cut out of appear to feel it is absolutely bind-cardboard and set them around to ing, no matter what the effect of its represent the guests.	performance
"Here’s you and Ethel. PH intro- who haxe been dure you, for you weren't acquaint- tell vou the same thing ed then." said the young rascal, as "As you come down the scale and . PUiced the figure of a man mis- approach zero at the equator you ing his hat before that of a young notice that present interest more and Woman W1,h 11 Parasol.	more takes the place of moral <>bli-
All right,’ said Jack, "But 1 ani-gatiou. Conditions are good in the not raising my hat at her ns 1 British Islands. Canada and should. 1 am raising it at the far northern United States, but corner of the building. Hero, let me now and then you find a contract set. them right."	violated because the violator feels
Saying that, he reached out and that it is to his interest, to violate turret! the figure representing him- it. As you work on toward self so that it faced the figure repre- South you find the heat is cxnporat-eenting Ethel, immediately a white ing the moral element from obliga-hanii shot out and turned the back tions more and more and the of the pasteboard belle toxvard the porti i „f absolute selfishness
bowing figure.	concentrated indifference
"Snubbed !
The veteran painter, Mr Holman
And lies confided in you, mam- Hunt, now in his seventy fifth year, I KICKIN’ JIM IN THE BOER WAR mu!" exclaimed Alice.	did not commence life us an artist,
,	..... "To a certain extent-yes." re- although his first Royal Academy
fruit s no more in love with him plied Mrs. Alderton-Sharp, in visible, picture than Mam," said Alice.	perturbation.	"
-Mrs Alderton-Sharp staved at her “It's Rose, of course!"
Um.ghlvrs in perplexity.	| "Of «-ourse, it's Alice'"
dont understand you, girls."* “Mv poor girls." ret urne#
she mid. •Doesn't either of you Al.ierton-Hhnrp, sadly. "Its ncitli want to marry the man?"
"Time will shoxx
¦f-
'
was to Never once did 1 have them
deal with Scandinavians
a man among
'A true atory of the Jmj>erial Light Horse, told in jerks).
in DU the War begun.
Joined the I. L.
H for fun.
Ad a ’oss called Kickin' Jim,
AI w ays thought a Lot of him.
Never did see Sich a 'oss,
'Cos o always Would be boss. Elundslaagte, uur first fight,
Cocked 'is With delight Stuck is legs out.
Looked around.
Snorted madly,
Pawed the ground.
Bullets whistled Pretty thick.
Very nearly Made im sick.
One just 'it Jim un the tail,
For the Boer lines 'E made sail.
Couldn't old him—
Oh Lor' no!
Kickin' Jim did Fairly go.
On e galloped;
Shell nor ball Never could 'It Jim at all.
Picked the Boer who Fired the shot;
Went up to 'im,
At a trot;
Judged his distance,
Turned about,
Kicked the burgher.
Laid 'im out.
Then like fury Back again Bight into our Lines e came.
Good 'oss that, sir,
Don’t ye think?
What, d'ye say, sir?
Ave a drink?
’Course I will, and Drink to ’im.
So 'era's good luck to Kickin’ Jim.
—Johannesburg Star
painted when h<
only twenty years of agt -an auctioneer's office that he menevd
was It was in
com-
^m^Hlifr. pursuing the routine
Mrs. j work of a clerk, but even then there was no mistaking tlie bent of his mind. The office windows were made of ground glass, and to vary the monotony of clerking young Hunt f mean that the took to drawing life-size flies on the experiment from which we hud hoped roughened so much has not had the result we
may be Ask others there ami they will
c
answered Alice
What van you mean?" said their mother, in a
"Mamma !
"I mean,’ chastened voice
I enigmatically.
I "What do you mean by that? mander! her mother.
'Well, no girl can he expected to know whether she wants to ;n man till he's asked her.' i Alice.
de-
surface. As the days passed by so the number *>f flies m ant icipated.	i creased, until at last the head of the
but you say In* has mad * up his Arm, stopping in front of the glass,
.......	..	. exclaimed, "The flies an b,mining
Mrs. AIderton-Shnrp swallowed an more all(j morv
imaginary pill.
"Mr. Dansey
mind," she
marry
said
lilt!
every
mind!
"No self-respecting girl ever in love with a man till she's tain that added Rose
falls
cor-
OI a iiuisala v here and seem to multiply dailv Ims made up lii»; uvking his handkmhivf ht nu id. choking."
made up his mind to marry friend
lie's In love with her," "and so, till Mr. Dan-
And at tempt ed
rs up

the
he lms to fijek them off!
\ mu
sey proposes to us----
"To one of us," corrected Mice
Sir J II. A. Macdonald. Lord Jus-R	Uce Clerk of Scotland, is entitled to
demanded WlPk y'	, write no fewer than twenty-seven iet-
Mrs. Alderton-Sharp, imp.itlentIv	---- +——j ters of the alphabet after his name
"Time* just what w.- want "to!	These letters ur<v. P. C., K V . K 0.
There is no trace kn,,w!”	Rose and Alice In one i	BACKWARD LONDON.	B., 1.1. Ik. P.R.S., K.R.8.M.. M I K.
would | of obligation to lie found. I have	,	, Many details of the backwardness Unmil)er of’ Institute of KJoetricul
just come from there, and my last! „v ?	no suspicionof the world's metropolis in those nkr|n(^,,sb 'V:	(deputy-lieu-
ex per knee is fresh in mv mind	Mv	T1 Not 1	10	slightest."	returned applications of practical science with	dnim * ?n“ V )e (Volunteer decor-
I ¦¦Ron the	bench,	!	final contract was made with	two	.*?;	„	which wo are so familiar in this	1 ,'S "0t Kt-nerally known
and he moved his ropre- natives of Villa Nova, at the mouth , .,<>f	\* !,?:tl,cr thon country have been pointed out f, on, ,that 1 ,Was rh,cfly trough his exer
eentntlve with Ins now in front of of the Amazon, for „ boat that they ' .J""' Ah,7,’	‘time to time. None of them is per- U?m that T"^-cards were introduc
th<- maid with the parasol.	were to put nt my disposal the	next 1 .. 1yon”n?c!	0X( Ia,mctl. Uo8C- '	Imps, more surprising than the' nb-	< (1 ,mto (i.mit Hritain
And she's the haughtiest girl at;	morning, and it was made in	good	,!loro	sence of telephone connections among	f,lth,,KU,st]C motorist and an author-
the beach,” said Ethel, as she	again	Portiigu.se. too. The next	dnv.	cti rnl*1	, “h stanc Mr‘	1 ansov' ; the London police stations The	lty .<m suvh d^eixified subjects as
sn.i')b, d her tnvnlicr.	whm the boat did not come, T hunt- * . / /' !,	[	,	,	householder who finds a burglar on !a°!!°*' thc ,inc arts' criminal law.
"Meaning me," interrupted Bose, ',iH)l conservatism is blamed for the with a laugh.	absence of many of the conveniences
Meaning Bose, of course, lie said OJ modern lile which the progress of he admired them tremendously—" ; science has	afforded in	almost	every	Modern chemistry	has produced
“Which would have lieen very flat-	other	great	city	more	abundantly	such changes in thc	colorings of
tering to me if he hadn't announced	than	in London.	many of our stones	and minerals
in tho same breath, that he admired	that it is possible to	imitate any
fragile type of beauty	^	-	~~	of them and improve upon nearly
enflaily tremendously!”	^ TOOTHPICK TOWN	a,*‘ Any colored onyx can be
1 suppose 1 might be described as	'	tained by simple chemical processes
fair and fragile,” laughed Alice, sur- Only one characteristic distln- and the common dull colors of this ve.ving her dainty se’f in the mir- guishes tho little village of Strong, stone can be converted into brilliant
Maine, from the thousands of others hues, thus greatly increasing the Thorn's no getting a compliment ; that arc scattered nil over New Eng- value. Not only nil to oneself with Paul Dansey," land. That Is the peculiar industry * appear to Im* some said Rose. "No sooner has he said which serves to support the entire
up- something pretty about me than be community. Strong is famous for nl- caps it by paying something even nothing hut toothpicks, but it is
•r :i11tilt Alice."	known in tho trade as the place from
And wh@h he pays me a compll- which ment, he i mined in tely neutralizes thc toothpicks effect by paying Rose a bigger one," United States.
Ella
Harrison.’'--Pearson’s
Till he proposes to one of u*— Ves. but which one?
pro-
mu!
increases
When you are nt the equate,
exclaimed Jack, hnv-
for his pasteboard have readied
ing a boldness
zero
representative that he never ggg have presumed to nave for himself.
don't know him vet
"But you ) Ie's i he cheekiest nt heart
man
1
He is an
electricity
volunteering, U.
an amus-1 ten-
on
to go a very
was
of
pry his lingers
figure.
There was a str iggle full <»f gbundpn gnyety which the block had back
weie garrisoned over forty miles of the nursery, to	0Parl» hV I'oail, applied that he
brought them	' miKhl have an allowance grunted
far from thc formalities and ,lim for ah fxti'a charger, it being embarrassments of social life. Gus *lis duty lo frequently visit both Jumped	into	the struggle to help	portions. The War Office ruled that
Jack, a,id	in	the	general mix-up the	this allowance was inadmissible, sav-
hotvl was wrecked worse than any :	"Measured by the Ordnance
home that was ever built on sand. .map. jis the crow flies, the distance I he clatti i brought them back themselves
tin

IMITATION JEWELS
the fair
ob-
to is found to be only1 thirty-three igiiin. but the nursery miles and a half/*
•Tint remained with them. They Foi a time the officer HP once more had the frank fearlesslyy plumed, but an idea struck him, and of tJiildjftn and could look one un- he seized his pen and wrote :—
«it her in the face without blushing. "There would Now, you must build thing eho, you oxer the ruins of hie hotel
was non
ror
can the whole stone bo made to change color, but sections and lines of It can be made to assume a red, black, yellow, ori r # white color, while tho rest Is nut.'1, * *a»ting feats thc sect of Juins,
white or black. Agates are eallw ÏÏ. . 1aV }* fur nhrad of aU f*'a'a-converted Into an onyx-like sub- r ^l8te ot ,rom thirty to forty days
stance and character, which lapidor- lY® Very common- oml nncc a >rar ics use for cameos end intaglio* :hey are 8111(1 to abstain irons isod
'	seventjNipp <W
CHEAT PASTERS
some- misumlerslonding regarding whined (lus, plication
Iowa nee for
me
my
two
1
an a.hiltional < hnrgvr. | re! t . crow


For an hour they built and built all Unds of houles to thc in-[ride imite deligiit of the hoy, who Watch-I He got it.
not an aikiitional
do not
rc-
come the majority of the
that are used In the

I ride a horse !"
a crow





/
/
-

###PAGE###3###

Tho boiler will have an Interior ENGLISH FACTORY WOMEN. J IHUl? TD LH Â NTl HD mn Tl IV They sell their milk by weight, inheating suif h co of 200 square met-	-- I 1HU 1 iu £j 11 £ 11JJ Uf lU'UAli stead of measurinj it, as in this
ere, more than double that of a	Very Wide	Awake to Their	Con-	_	,	country.
standard German express locomotive	ditione and Needs.	AN AMERICAN'S OPINION OF 1 wa8 much impressed with the apes now constructed Throughout the No person of any observation can,	XHF rm'njTPV	Plication of the children to their
entire train, superfluous dead weight turn the .)ag0H of Knglish magazines)	lUUNIKY.	books, and they apfsared bright and
will be carefully avoided. Instead	dedicated	to	the cause of working	—	intelligent. As is generally known,
of carrying 10	ton» of water, the	women without being struck by	the	Found It Prosperous and	the	Peo-	^l0 *rihb urc Dmd	of books, and it
new	ton (1er will	be built to take on-	fttct that English workers in	fao	pie Seemingly Content —	Its	the Parents'	highest ambiUon
ly lmlf that amount, but will be rig- tories and shops arc much more alive	Resources.	that their children should receive a
t..	,	.	,,	,,	g,,<l to t4lko UP water en rout®’	to their needs, and desirous of lieljn ..	. .	good education.
In April last after the experiments	----~S------ ing themselves, then American wo-’,,/ f 1 ,l° reiand was purposely H is my Judgment that in all their
In Ingh-epeed olectricfti traction made	men in the same place. Monster ‘	1 1 mJght» through my own j affairs the Irish people are able
Ust autumn cm the specially prepar- REMARKABLE STATEMENT. petitions pre*-nted to the legislative ?.pcc,"t,<w*	from the people's take ra.e of themselves, and are
ed iniUtary railway lino between	____ bodies are ox|>ccted and listened to	\h* C(J»dition of Ireland, not. and do not wish to be conshler-
H?.tv	^0#8?h,l lth>° ?erimm :So:	,	, in England, whilst here such an yf/V* Mr* J0,1,1 D- Lrimmon of New ed, a poverty-stricken people.
Utty of	Mechanical	Engineers	bad	Dr.	Solners	Says Education	action would give a distinct shock	V, k*	The Irish people	are loyal to the
oiTored	a	series	of	prize» for the best	Breeds	Insanity.	to legislative bodies and would	be	1 7®* Impressed with	the	great	King; that I Have	no hesitancy
bibhéh feass
present	State	railways	of	Prussia	upon certain brains in such a way as	mrmbors	,	Parliament for	the	col,f>ge	g«mes,	held	within the
TpMfSsaszrsi	X'rxsrijTSafp	,»	paf»	srs
t ml would be require.! for rapid pokorm upon the btomach and In- vawers	at worUl,r,. homes b"y would envy. I Imve been ,,re-
•lectrlcnl wjrvlee	test men. Even imperl dal knowledge, aftpr hfiuni and ulke(, w|th tho wo_ ««>t at Harvard. Yule. Princeton
An interesting forecast of the pend- such as is imparted in primary men; wme mi„ owners allowed fnd <r0,Ufnb,<L' and have seen our ing competition has been given by schools or absorbed from a newspa- ^ition sheets in their shops, boys hno UP- The Irish boy»
Mr Arthur KirchofT, editor of a per, he declares, is sufficient to cause othere invU#d canvassers to stand a,b,ot,c *nd fond of it. Taking technical publication in Berlin, do- minor crevice» in the grey matter on lahlofl BO U)at women could sign iato consideration their numbers,
?otod to engineering and machinery, which are responsible for many yet aH they camfi and WPnt ln eleven lhcy couId hold their own with tho In which a description is given of uncatalogued forms of lunacy.	months petitions from Lancashire, hc<4t of our b°y«» and that is glory
certain feature» of the new loco mo- Dr. Solners concludes that this Yorkshire and Cheshire were present- cnol|gh.
tire to bo tested over world is getting too complicated, to the House of Common», peti- BEAUTIFUL IRISH GIRLS
smmm t æm ;?= Okwm&
«RU8TANCE OK A:H.	STHANOETNSTAMC^CITKI,	.«d h.v.
During the experiments of last au- Among tho instances cited wero the	hopeless	struggles of tho textile	excellent teeth. Tho climate, ¦
tuinn an attempt was made to do- following:	workers.	I.atsr part of tho députa-	”oubt. has much to do with their
termine as accurately as possible tho An American woman, aged 40, sud- tion spoke before a great audience beautiful complexion	HHI
wusto of power entailed fry the fric- donly became insane while looking at of factory worker» at Chelsea. The ***rved that they are not as tall as tion and resistance of air to railway the engines of an Ocean liner.	six women chosen to address this our American girls,
trains at different rates of speed.	At Touraine a	farmer in tho course	anxious and eager crowd bad all	* hud opportunities to see the
it was found that while at a speed	of an	innocent	controversy mowed	been workers in mills, and well knew	Indies again at the races, horse
of 50 miles per hour this resistance off both the legs of his opponent how to touch their hearers, r ho, on 8”ows und htirs, to which I traveled a still day was about 67.2 with a scythe.	their part,	were alive to the necc.%-	many miles that 1 might see and meet
pounds per square meter of tho sur- A school teacher, fascinated by	re-	si ties of the	hour. One of tho speak-	the people in different situation and
face of the front end of the car, tho volving knives, jumped into a huge srs, & Miss Itiddlsh, told how in the Pll,'t* of Ireland. 1 was much im-fato increased very rapidly with the clay mixer in a porcelain factory and textile trade in Lancashire, York- pressed with the taste shown by the augmentation of speed, so that at a was chopped up li!:c sausage meat. shire and Cheshire there are 311,000 j D iOi girls in dressing. They avoid pace of 93.7 miles the resistance rose A miller, suddenly seized with	an	women and	210,000 men, and she	gl|lKjy dresses; bits of exquisite Ir-
to 157.5 pounds per square meter of insane frenzy while watching	the	Iftid : "Wc Want shorter hours, more	lsh ,a<c collars and insertions in
impinging surface. Every projecting swift-moving flour roller,	threw into	leisure, more opportunities for re-	*he gowns mid sleeves are worn.
Part, every window, door, or other the machine his own	5-year-old	creation,	more rational means of	1 looked through my own eyes at
Indentation which could form a poc- child, whoso legs were ground be- living," and the other speaker» every feature of Irish life I met with, ket to catch the wind created by fore the belt slipped owing to the urfed lhc **me needs. Franchise to After mixing in these gatherings fcuch high velocities, increased the re- choking resistance	these factory workers means an an” «coing tho joy. contentment and
si stun co to be overcome, so that in	Two	Uussians,	man and wife, were	<^uaI chnnfp with men, a recognized	ea.«-x3 of manner prevailing, it is diffi-
all future experiments tho economy	riding	in an	autowobilo down a	c,nim to ft hearing and tho oppor-	cult to understand how Ireland can
of rapid transit will require that the steep mountain along a precipice tunity to Vot(1 for nnd advocate just	,l distressful country. I
factor of nir resistance shall bo ink-	when tho woman exclaimed: "What	,aws for workfirs- 11 *»• as ono	hold it is not so. 1 am speaking of
•n into careful account. This, uc-	if we should swerve"	Her com-	the t|P°akp,'«	"bread and butter	, Ireland as I found it in 1902.
cording to Mr. KirchofT. is to be	panion, before he could	resist tho	P®“tlf8 "iih the working women."
Jointed so as to secure flexibility in T>r go,!».. tllJ' ,î,	menv lthn, «s the English women, and look to . which comes from the land.
Passing curves, and so constructed	f !,„Th h	nil u "uch women as Mrs. Frederick Na-‘	1 he means to acquire land under
»s to inclose the locomotive and	!“8 V ’ f 111 h 1	.Qlg ( tha*	tham or Miss Jane Addams to secure	the Land Art nrc about os follow»:
cars in a continuous tube, uniform	tho “umAn race n°7.	18 composed	(heir rights for them.	the land owner having consented to
throughout in size, and presenting no °1°"tly of lfttent lunatics, whoso in-	a sale of his land, tho Land Corn-
projecting irregularity which shall dividual lunacy may remain inollen-	o	mission, made up of men of wide ex
catch tiro resisting air. Tho front 8I',°J u”tl death, or may break loose SPAIN’S FATAL RING.	pericnce and high character, make
of tho engine will bo pointed or eud< only undcr	a	combination	of	_ an appraisement of the property, de-
wedgc-shaixyd, the sheath will inclose conditions not	yet	scientifically	do-	Five Members of the	Royal	Fam-	ter|ning tb« value of the land, and
as far as possible the running guar jtcrmmcd-	A	ily Wore It and Died.	, Bxing the terms of payment, fifteen
of tho ears, and even tho wheel A of	+	or twenty-one years. Many of the
both engine unci cars will be closed I	nr Am <4 of tîîîitti	Z1 hc rcrent celebration for the boy! farmers take advantage of the priv-
disks of metal instead of, as now, j	AlfU	King of Spain, Alfonso XIII., ha» ilego of paying earlier The seller of
«poked wheels with openings to	To be conscious that you are ig-	recalled, among other reminiscence»,	the property receives his money	im-
catch the air.	norant is a great step to knowledge.	tbc weird and mysterious ring which	mediately, it being provided by	the
It will be remembered that in the Verbal restraint is seldom prac- °,lCevtrbo Pr°Dprty of hlfl father, government, recent experiments on the Zossen ticed bv tho	illiterate, but always	Alfonso XH., and which, the	many |	It is easy to pick out the farms
line, the electric motors, conductors, by the wise	superstitious people in	that country	which are hold by the farmers in
EHFH-EJ -HEF5 - * •- Sf? ASaiS rSSS
practical speed and the consequent	P	characters.	ly clmsed gold, showing a fineness of	tenants it may bo assumed that	the
success of the trials were limited on-	TU not that men are lcss gvAteful	dctail and delicacy of design, that	landlords are just men.
ly by the track, which gave way than womc,g	n is only	that	lhPy	aro	hav° been tlie	despair of many a	The most serious complaints I
rapidly when a speed exceeding 70 100,(5 silently	so.	clever artist. It	was made by	the	, beard in Ireland were from the land-
miles un hour was attained. This Many a numskull has been rated a most’ skilled workers of Spain, at lords, who stated that their incomes was indeed the unexpected and most »agc because	he knew	just	enough	the special order	of the King,	and	had tw^en greatly reduced by the np-
important fact brought out by the to hold his	tongue	and	wag	his	waH presented by him to his	first	praisals of the I^and Commission,
trials, viz., that an electric motor, head.	wife, the beautiful Mercedes daugh- wh0se judgment of values they
us at present constructed, exert»» at when a woman boasts of a host of ItCI thc I,ukc of ^ontpensicr. I he bound to accept. Tenant farmers
8 zsr£ rirs, T.-, i. r. i-.-» »=-	arcùïïr isr
would avoid tho pounding of the ,D6 being We may conacously month after tho marriage thc King tho administration track caused by thc unbalanced parts expross in action what we have not | gave Mercedes the r.ng plac.ng it on ycar> r understand and oscillating strain ol tho steam attained and mudo our own, but1 her linger himself Pour months	J
locomotive. It was therefore a sur- °“r conscious actions are accordmg later the Queen d.od	¦
* tn Mlld Ui it above a certnln to our true attainment.	Shortly after Uic Queen was buried There are large estates in Ireland
s^ud the strain exerted on the rails	-----+------ Alfonso handed the trinket to his held by landlords who show no in-
STmTSS. ™.0,r. thr nucm«a. rmvr. SfSSTiXZ %":=
now explained bv the fact that the The Duchess of Fife is an en- J» * few weeks she, too, was dead. .thcir rents, for the payment of centre of gravity in the electric en- thusinstic angler. Talking to a lhe exquisite little circlet was taken which they are most exacting, tin.* hangs much lower than in the naturalist one day, she mentioned | bapk by lhf King then, and he gave ( «pend their income outside of Irc-etenin machine, and, what is still that among her triumphs with the jt to his sister thc Infanta Maria. land.
I important, the whoie weight of rod was thc capture of a speckled ^hm a few days she was dead. The Compulsory Purchase Act.
boilers, cylinders, pilot, trout that weighed fully eight Notwithstanding this the King now being advocated by the Irish is	cuiried	on springs,	while	the	pounds.	scoiled at the theory that the ring	members in Parliament, compels the
electric	engines	*	used	at	the	trials	“Pardon me for saying you must Possessed a mysteriously fatal pow-	landlords to dispose of their land,
the motors and all the heavier work- be mistaken," said the naturalist, °!\nild eventually lie gave it to his now occupied by tenant farmers, at
ing parts were hung directly upon smilingly; "but science teaches me M#st.eIr’,nI" ^ th° younjçost daug i e prices fixed by thc Land Commis- The Bank of England generally
""2SÎS5“T.:Hr- *f 'zsrF&s
* W&etsm ¦Bi
breast of the figure in the cathedral	than nr0 to bo found in Ireland.	rcople,	pays	$1,250.000	a	year	in lies	with	il*	lîoth	rail»	and tie* are
at Madrid representing the Virgin	x havo talked with the cattle and	*	l>s	ftSld	çi75,000	a vear	in	pen-!90,20(1	at	the rroper	point	by
of Aimadeno, the patron saint of 1 j dcflIers# alld have been advised feionti	machinery and placed on the road in
thc city of Madrid.	that the prices realized are much ‘_________._____ front of the train, where they short-
Wh	wine T^mens	ggZMA'&KtCTfZ
the most rapid and the most economical mechanical track-layer invent-
lis MÈRRÏ OLD EHOLAND
3
FUTURE EXPRESS TRAIS.
I
1
Will be bun at a speed of
V6 MILES AN HOUR.
MEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOHN BULL AND HIS FEOrLE.
II*
Occurrences in the Land That Reigns Supreme in the Commercial World.
And Enclosed in a Steel Tube to Lessen the Resistance of Air
Pressure.
iie
i-
Tho whole of the Queen's Hays and Royal Scots Greys embarked for tu South Africa on August 1st.
Birmingham corporation gas works have benefited the ratepayers to the extent of £1.005,000 in 27 years.
in Tunbridge wells has made a profit of £150 on thc first year's working of its municipal telephone system.
Leeds corporation is to supply gas cooking grids free of charge to customers having automatic meters.
In rotifequence of the depression in the Hull fish trade, a large number of men have been thrown out of employment.
Devonshire now possesses a public-house trust. Lord Erbington and Sir Thomas Acland are interested in tho movement.
It is reported that Barnum A Bailey have purchased thc corona^ tion annex to Westminster Abbey for $25,000 . It cost $35,000.
A document on vellum signed by Guy Fawkes, and relating to a sale of land in 1592, has been sold for £101 at Sotheby’s Success is attending the movement for a women's memorial to Quean Victoria. Tho sum in hand is close upon $250,000.
For neglecting a magistrate's order to attend to his work a lazy apprentice at St. Helen’s has been sent to jail for seven days.
Three persons whose combined ages reached 248 years have been killed in London during forty-eight hours by being run over in the street.
Water for a school swimming bath need not be capplied at the ordinary rate charged for a domestic supply, the Court of Appeal has decided.
London is introducing water troughs for thirsty horses, at which the water ran bermiofTbim nn lllllllll results. A steel vessel, the water can he run of! by touching
a push-button and fretih water run
n
n
t
•e
y
i
0
d
if
»
Ne
0
II
r
i
L
A CURIOUS MOTOR CAL SEAT.
A rallier curious performance has just been made with nn automobile at Copenhagen. Tho town possesses a circular tower 100 feet in height, which was formerly used for astronomical purposes. Its top is only reached hy ascending a spiral passage 12 feet broad, which winds between tho outer wall of the tower and nn inner circular wall. An automobile of five horse-power, weighing 200 pounds, and carrying t hree persons, ascended tho tower recently by this passage, taking one minute to do the journey, and afterwards making tho much more dangerous descent with equal success. It Is of interest to recall that the Czar Peter the Great, on visiting Copenhagen In 1710, made the same ascent and descent in a carriage drawn by four horses.
L
I
t
I
arc
i
ilvps. which
?
and

no
also ob-
OIL AS STEAMSHIP FUEL.
Much thought has recently been given to the use of oil as fuel, and it has Just been employed on the British steamer Enterprise with satisfactory
built at Newcastle-on-Tyne, the Enterprise has a carrying capacity of
4.000	tons. With coal as fuel her speed has never exceeded an average of eight or nine knots an hour; but she has Just finished a voyage of
2.000	miles, from Hawaii to San Francisco, burning oil, and has succeeded in hteaming an average of ten knots an hour. It was demonstrated that in substituting oil for coal the ship made n saving of 40 per cent, in the weight of fuel and of 36 per cent, in tho space devoted to its storage. There was also a slight saving in cost of tuel and operation of thc ship.
on
In
The youngest monarch who ever cended the British throne was Henry VI. He was eight months and days old at his accession.
Littleport, near Ely, a town of 4,000 inhabitants, has tio water supply other than unfiltered rain water collected by the residents for themselves.
Speeton church, near Bridlington, has a curious Saxon sun-dial on one of its walls, which murks not only the hours, but the periods of labor as well.
The Queen has sent £3, together with presents of tea. coffee and cocoa. to a poor woman at Chatham, who wrote to her Majesty appealing for help.
25
AGRICULTURAL RESOURCES
A GLUT IN GENERALS.
General Baden-Powell is one of the smartest officers in the matter of "licking raw recruits into shape He always gets his men into uniform as quickly as possible, for he knows that a man smartens up wonderfully as soon as he gets out of civilian attire. "Clothes may not make the man," he says, "but the uniform certainly goes a long way towards making the soldier
He was once Inspecting a number of recruits in South Africa, and. in complimenting them on their appearance, he said :
I expect each one of you to honor his uniform by behaving like a general."
Whereupon one man, who had not yet learned to listen silently to his superiors, asked :
An’ vvho’d do the foightin' thin, ycr honor."
SHELL OF SHEET STEEL.
• 9
There are four different gtato swords belonging to thc city of Lon-The black sword is used on
don
fast days and during mourning the royal family.
for
the
Buckingham Palace occupies site of the mulberry gardens laid out by James VI. and I in his unsuccessful attempt to start a silk industry in London.
9 #
“Nobody wants too much chin-music when ho goes home after a day's work." pleaded a Yarmouth laborer when charged with assaulting his wife.
ha
i i
AI L TIIK MEN ARE PRINCES.
There are about 12,000 people scattered over thc twenty odd rocks or islets which constitute thc Faroe group. Every man in the country is in some way the descendant of the King—that is. Norse sea-Kings, who fled to the islands in the ninth century and peopled them. In spite of Ids homespuns, his turf hut, and his primitive life, every good Far-oese is conscious and proud of his amestry, and he bears himself like a prince He 1ms no newspapers or social emblems; but he knows the history of his island home, and he is a constant reader of books, mostly Danish. His literary taste is inferior only to that of tho Icelanders, who for a thousand years have raised and maintained an ideal of tional literature of mnitgMM
1 niure of life in
ié
^ •
EVEN EXCHANGE
There was a little tilt at the club The millionaire had tackled	the
artist, and both were irate had tried to be lordly and patronizing. and the artist had objected.
••Don't patronize me," he said.
Why not ?" asked the millionaire ; "you're only a painter, you know
He
are
M
# f

one-costs £150.000 a
"It requires brains to be nn artist," replied the painter.
"Of course, of course." returned the millionaire, in an offhand way. | I admit it requires brains, and you have to sell them to live
Hut money is your god. You have no other," retorted the painter.
"It’s yours also," said the millionaire. "You sell your brains for
COMPULSORY PURCHASE ACT
na-
# t
The most this
< i
i n ark&ble little group of islands where the Atlantic and North Sea meet is the
They dunce not merely- for it. or to show of their Dancing with the Far-
it when you take my cash for your the fun (lf picture»."
"Well," replied the painter,
give you brains for cash, it’s
even thing, anyway, for each gets
what he needs most."
— —
and
new clothes I	¦ ¦
oese is, to a great extent, what, athletics arc to us, a sort of exercise enjoyed by young and old alike
if I
an
more
the steam
etc
RAILWAY TRACK-LAYER
ENGLAND S WEALTH
A new machine for laying railroad tracks has lately been invented has proved
of forty men, of putting down
The
It
itself capable, with a
A CRUSHING WEIGHT
which projects forward and it hauls behind
cess.	:—
The new steam locomotive, we ore | fepBor
assured, will be specially constructed i goon afterwards to meet this difficulty. It will	telegram from the naturalist, whose
^¦twelve wheels, viz., twoi pairs of jrtCOnic message read : dvivers located at Uie middle of the ,.The HCie„Ce ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ machine, with u four-wheeled pivot tQ deaUl by a fRCt •• truck in front and rear. Upon these three points of support the boiler and superstructure will be hung up-
mMmmrn
tlcttl balance of working parts, two of these will be connected outside, as In the ordinary locomotive, while
the third, or high-pro, An, ^vlinder, Jncr ^ kelson will be hung at the centre nnd con- „R'od graclous, why. Nelson has nectcd Inside, working ‘‘P™	,	‘ Deen « end nearly a hundred years
she received a
tho
on
of a lifetime kicked

country <h i m* t . I have passed I Professional v c ta; s i er numerous si .all herds of cattle feed- swallow tho wine they sample. They ft ing on the rich pastures, where they merely hold a sip of the beverage in fattened before being sent to the the mouth for a few moments and a market. Irish beef has a distinct breath through the nostrils. The
i
ON SURE GROUND
.
TIME FLIES
cd
A well-known artist overheard
countryman and his wife ridiculing
his picture, which represented
farm scene. He was so indignant j flavol. cf its own, and is extremely palate announces whether the wine
that he at last interposed with the iusci0us nnd palatable.	is smooth or rough, and the sense
remark:	SCHOOLS ARE EXCELLENT. of smell takes note of the aroma.
"That painting is valued at a hundred pounds. Allow me to ask if Condensed milk works arc to be
you are familiar with works of art?" found in districts of Ireland. 1 have -Not very familiar with art." re- frequently started out in the early plied the farmer; "but 1 know some- morning to see tho girls bringing thing about Nature, young man. j their milk to the creameries and When you make a cow that gets up condensed milk works, driving tke.i
from the ground by putting her fore lltt'o two-wheeled carts, which
that generally used. I have seen how tho duty change *«»tr is received and weighed, etc. crown of li/3.
arc
WAR’S HIDEOUS DIN" NO
MORE.
i «
Colonel Humbert, nf the Frertfh Colonial Artillery. asserts in La France Militaire that he ha
Cheerfulness, enforced at first, by ed an apparatus which can be afli and by inspires a gracious content- ontf adapted to all rifles, pistol*, ment, and self-sacrifice, at first a velvets, and cannon of any calibre,
loses Itself in and which completely does away with In such the flash, ths sound, and tho smoke
that the use of y making
the ladies remarked that it was a very good one.
Yos, miss," said thc ancient, mar-that ere telescope was given
nvent-
I
• i
11
• I
conscious struggle, eelf-fov	ss of love
are ways as these the daily cross
into
$ 9
of The colonel assert
the many-rayed his instrument
war an UnposvibiMZy

the
Vh
win tnt!

0i9
ow
feet first, you do southing
Nature never did."
L




*â




A

###PAGE###4###

.. ' m


THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
MPORTANT TO
SPORTSMEN!
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
SH AW VILLE.
Whv.it .nul l) 00 to 78o* Flour per barrel, 01.00 to 00.00. Oat» per bushe 1,588 to 80c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75o. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Rggs, per dozen, 14c.
Butter, per pound, 14 to 15c. Wool, per pound, 13 to 15c. Pelts, each, 35 to 45c.
Hides, 04.50 to 05.50.
Calfskins, 45 to 65 cento each.
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 11, 1902.
WARE-ROOMS
As


The Dominion government grants $10,000 a year for the enouragement of rifle shooting. Half of it waa speit in the D. R. A. matches and the other $5,000 in aending a Canadian team to Bisley. h question whether the whole yum could not be spent to better advantage at home. That the Bisley team excursion is not a great incentive to our marksmen is shown by the fact that many who qualify in the first twenty or forty each year either cannot or do not care to go. Partly on this account the personnel of the "available" year after year does not change to any extent. While it is argued that if the best scores are not made the test for choosing tbs team each year irrespective of how often the marksman may have been over, the success of the team will be jeopardised, on the other hand a régulation which would limit a marksman to a place on the team for not more than two years in succession would encourage the younger shots by affording them a better prospect of securing • place on the Bisley twenty. When the expense is considered and the amount of money available is so limited it is a question whether the $5,000 spent on the Bisley team would not do much more to enrage rifle shooting by spreading the benefit over a greater number if it were expended at the D R. A. matches. Ottawa Citizen.

ww
las nice
The Open Season for Ducks and Partridges begins Sept. 1st ; for Deer, Oct. 1st.
When in want of
Guns op Ammunition
Give Us a Call I
We handle Winchester, Marlin and Savage Rifles and Shot Guns. Anything not in stock can be procured in a few days. Our stock of Ammunition is complete.
flew Williams
o
Sewing Machines
Are always seasonable
and always in the front rank In point of general superiority.
OTTAWA.
Butter, print, 90o. per lb.
pails. 17 to 10c. per lb.
Eggs, fresh, 18c. per doa.
Potatoes, 45c. per bag.
Lamb, 7 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 6 to 7c. per lb.
Beef. to 5&c. per lb.
Pork. $8.50 to $9.50 per 100.
Oats, 34 to 95c. per bushel. Hay, $5.00 to $7.00 per ton. e Wool 14 to 15c. per lb.
44
%
OILS—Sewing Machine, Cream Separator, Cylinder and Heavy Machine Oil—we sell the best.
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
MACFARLANE BROS.
COO
—with a full line of—
SMART & SMITH.
- Sylvester machinery
o
P. 8.—Mill Teeth.
Also a stock of
ADAMS’ WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES. DOWSELL’S WASHERS. WRINGERS and LEADER CHURNS.
Tarte as Premier.
1902
1902
A HZWLY REBUILT HILL I
CLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS
Some of the newspaper* in the Province of Quebec are hinting that Mr. Tarte is to be the next Premier of Canada ; and all torts of reasons are assigned for Sir Willred Laurier resignation. As fsr as we can judge, Mr. Tarte has been, and ia, really the Premier. He has iuet been I Ware rooms next door to D. McRae’s shop.
travelling all over the Eastern Provinces, I	_________
from Detroit and Windsor to Halifax, making speeches, going to do, and
going to spend, and he does not mention the name of Sir Wilfred ; nor do his colleagues call him down. He has made | P. S Hay Fork a. a trip to Chicago in the Government steamer Lord Stanley and made such impression that the press called him Lord Tarte, What more do you want ?—Calgary Herald.
}|ICH CLASS # MEDIUM
FURNITURE.
A Call Solicited.
declaring what he is how much money he is
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
You don't Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established, No, sir !
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stock of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
R. J. HAMILTON.
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Auction Sale.
The Lieutenant GovemoHn Council has been pleased by an order approved on the 89th of August, 1902, to authorize the School Commissioners of Clarendon, County of Pontiac, to sell the old school house ¦¦	^HHami the site in District No. in their Mu
The Dominion Iron and Steel Company ! nicipality, the proceeds of the sale to nay aucceeded last winter in inducing the [ the cost of the new building. Art. 232 of
ïs t&saraa	s&ta -s
cut of their capital. The Legislation | the clock, p.m., of Saturday, the 80th Inst.
Sale conducted according to Art. 232 of the School Law. Terms, cash.
RVGH MATHESON,
Sec.-Trens.
I
What About This Deal ?
JAMES WILSON.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
was of such a remarkable character that the Nova Scotians hesitated to give con sent to its passage. Then the Liberal cabinet at Oclawa was called upon to use ita influence, and the result was highly satisfactory. The bill went through, the dividend was declared and Dominion
I r :i and Steel stocks went up. Those Hon. Cliff *rd Sifton'a assurance to the fortunate enough to hold stock made Liberals of Manitoba and the Northwest money, and among them, it is maid, were that Mr. Tarte a protection views are not some of the cabinet minis era whose zeal those of the government, and that they placed the company in possession of the need not fear tariff increases, does nut important legislation. It would be of upset the minister of public worke in the vtry great ii.t Fiat to the public, if a east. Whin shown Mr. Sifton’s ttaie-statement were made, giving the details meut as set forth in the party newspapers of the arrangement ; the names of the Mr. Tarte only laughed. "1 hare alrealy ministers who made the money ; and the seen r, " he said Mr. Sifton is as free amount made by eich.	as I am to speak for himself in the
matter.
Nothing further would the minis'er aay for publication, except that the yiewa he has expressed in fever adequate
.......	..	.	. *	.. I protection to Canadien industries and
All had to the immigration policy of for the development of our resources were
VaD,51 '! ‘L110 brl°K,n* <hou*»nd. hi. owu opinion, and that he had not
t r shores ! rue, they are the worst uttered them as the views or policy of elements ofjthe seoi-civilued sections of the administration of which he is a Europe; they are m some instances un- ^r. What Mr. Tartes views on the fiscal trammeled with the Idea of moialiiy :n question are, however, is well known, keeping w!th our own; others are paupers; &e has made no bones about giving them
“ OIW»”* 1“ e"7 other part of the material Mr Tarte believe# tnat there .Dominion, is be! ng depopulated of the should be a duty upon the imported article descendant, of the LoyViati. They are iafficientat Ieut to counterbalance the young men of education and experienced foreigner.' advantage of cheap labor in ita farmer* **l the Unit*’ *..»« ^ y^t. Production. The prominence given to i»* , ^vantage of their home training. Vlr. Tarte'* public speeches of late by the **en .seing them in business pursuits leading newspapers of Canada has doubt-are* bands of impoverished Armenians, lees aroused Mr. Sifton’s jealousy as well brought to Canada by well estabiehad ae apprehension for its effect in the West fellow countrymen, who use their impor- where he has a hard enough task already tstions to distribute their goods on the equsring himself with his old free trade peddling plan. Instead of assisting the du**. It has been conceded pretty sons of Nova Scotia to secure homes in generally, too, that Mr. Tarts Is no parish oar great west, the government spreads politician ; that hie policy is not sectional its nets and gathers in a comparatively bat one which he thinks would be for the worthless sod degraded element. And beneêt of Cansda ns a whole. Mr. Tarte yon and I, Mr. Farmer, and Mr. Art:- would cot only place a protective duty zan, are paying the bills. Where will it opon steel rails but he is a good enough end i	Canadian not to be afraid, although be is
a!c*binet minister, to favor openly an export duty on pulp wood, or such other restrictions upon the out go of it from Canada as would compel its manufacture in this country. He has made a closer study of tbs natural resources of the
mm#
“^'£3 SH&eisS
held this afternoon when tarif! h*g action.
ANNUAL EXHIBITION
ShawyUle, Sept. 8th 1UU2.
Co. Pontiac Society No. 1,
Tarte a Protectionists.
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
f RESH ARRIVALS
Shawville
Que

9
SEPT. SOth, and OCT. 1st. 1602.
IN
FACTORY
SPECIAL PRIZES.
In addition to the regular list of Prizes the following Specials are offered :
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgim)
AT THE
Is again built up
Canada for Foreigners.
SILVER CUP—George .T. Bryson. Esq., offers a Handsome Silver Cup to farmer and fanner s wife, sister or daughter of the same household, who takes the greatest number of Aral prises at this Exhibition, the cup to be won three years in succession before becoming the property of winner.
SILVER MEDAL-The Carlin offer a Silver Medal for with the product* of the Farm.
CASH PRIZE—Mr. F. A. Parker, Manager of the Merchants Bank, Shawville, offers a prise of $6.00 for the beat 10-pound crock of Butter—the winning exhibit to become the property of the donor of the prise.
DIPLOMA—The Eastern Ontario Dairymen’s Association offers a Diploma the best exhibits in the following classes : Creamery—(1) 56 pounds butter in square box ; (2) 10 one-pound packages butter ; (3) best display of butter. Cheese—<1) white cheese weighing not less than 60 pounds ; (2) colored cheese weighing not less than 60 pounds.
The Society offer cash prises of $4.00, $3.00 and $2.00 for a pen of three Bacon Hogs, It being understood that In view of receiving special prises from the George Matthews Company of Hull, that they be substituted instead of the above.
the
dash Store,
and
ready for business.
g Brewing and Malting Company of Ottawa the Best Dressed Farmer's Waggon, laden
STARK'S
CORNERS.
mem-
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
for
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin.
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
CASH SPECIALS-
we are. Here we are
CASH SPECIALS—Mr. Henry Gatehouse. 816 Dorchester Street, Montreal; offers prizes of $5.00 and $3.00 for the beat 12 fatted Chickens, and will boy at the highest market price all chickens thus exhibited.
The Society offers special primes of $1.00, 75c. and 30c. for the best pair of live Table Fowls (cockerels.)

on hand and Custom Work done a# unuaL

SILAS YOUNG.
ROBERT C. HOGGINS.
PROGRAMME:
First Day—All Exhibits in Classes 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 26, 28 and 29 are to be in their proper places in the Hall not later than 12 o'clock noon, when the doors will be closed and judging will commence at 1, p. m. The Hall will be opened to the public at 8, p. m., when music and speeches will be given. Admission 10 cents.
O - ..
Second Day—All Stock and Implements will require to be on the Ground not later than 9, a. m., judging to commence at 10, a. m. The Hall will be open all day. A Grand Parade of prize-winning horses and cattle will take place at 4, p. m. All exhibitors who do not take part in the parade will forfeit their prizes.
Here it is I |STT The Place
SASH end DOOR
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in
In connection with my former busl Tin, Agat© and En- new* I have Just placed In position a
amelled Ware. I
Gift to Mission*.
HON. 8. H.BLAKE CONTRIBUTES $1,000 TO AJD MISSIONS IN KBEWATIN.
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Repairing
U	1	I For which I am now prepared to re-
Heatly done at l0W63t ceIve orders And guarantee first-class
prices.	1 *"*•
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, 56c.
Expert Judges have been procured. Good Dining Hall on the Grounds. Brass Band will be in attendance.
ADMISSION :
Children, lO Cents.
Adults, 25 Cents
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future in crease in business. E 9 1
DALE BROS.,
formed Church of society was
several addressee were delivered on Mis-	JM
sion Work of the Church. Tho feature of Complaint ia roedeat Ottawa of a ship-proceedings was an announcement by ment of apples from Galt to Winnipeg Mr. Blake, of Toronto, that be would containing very inferior fruit, and the give $1,000 to the Bishop of Kee- inspector has been instructed to prosecute watintowards • missionary in that diocese | the shipper.
ir PRIZE LISTS and Entry Forms may be had on application to the Secretary, with whom all entries for the Exhibition must be made in writing not later than 8 o'clock, p. m. on Friday, Sept. 86th.
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR
the
E. GRAHAM,
Sec.-Trea*., Elmside.
JOHN YOUNG,
President, Bristol.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.




/
A



###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
4
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLfBHID RVBKY TMU HMD A Y
AT, 8HAWVILLB, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
. SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 4 VEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
Advance Display of

County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
#
A. SMILEY, Prop.
*NEW FALL GOODS
«<53
£r«

:<>:
The Kind tljat Gets all tl)e Cream
The Improved
U. S.
Cream Separator
ADVERTISING RATER t
Legal advertising, eight cent# per line for 11 ret Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Bunloeee cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted et 14.00 per year.
Local announce mente Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and ft cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inst moue accompanying them will be Inserted Ul forbidden and charged for secordlngly,
Birth, marriage dad death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
Al?
v
For Ironing
We have received this week from Berlin, per Steamer “ Konigin Luise,” via Bremen, New York,
Two Oases of Ladies’ Mantles,
Jackets, Etc.
These Goods are passing through Customs today. To-morrow they will be on display.
Bee Starch gives the best polish, with the least rubbing and is guaranteed to prevent the iron sticking to the linen. It requires no cooking—just mix with hot or cold water.
tto
no
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order a by mall promptly attended to.
nee
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
RECEIVED COLD N|EDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
:	N. Y., last summer.
BEE STARCH CO, MONTREAL ,
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
New Venetians and Zetelines.
CEO. HYNES,
DR. ScNAUCHTOH.
Aa interesting time in the Dress Goods section
FURNITURE DEALER AND | jut new, receiving New Goods. We’d welcome
the privilege of showing you our new Fabrics even though you had no thought of buying.
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by James Cuthbertson, opposite the Exhibition grounds.
MAIN ST., BAST.
At home-Monday, Wednesday and Sat-unlay afternoons. Telephone In omoe.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the IT. 8."—the best machine made—at our warerooms.
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLB, - - QUE.
A. SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M ,
Taffetas Mousseline Neck Ribbons.
A Urge, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN VNDSRTAKINO
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trlilty University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by |; examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
Or rice awd Bksidsmcx : J. H Awnrriow's House, MAIN STB*ET • • 8HAWVILL1.
J. F. Gronaus,
Ladysmith
Colors—Hello, Pink, Turquoise, Cardinal, Beseda, Hais, V* Rose, Mexique, White, Coquelicot, Cream, National, Wood Rose and Black
I also keep a complete stock of Fuse-Furnishingn, ranging from the
D. LECUERRIER, |
attendance. Open day and night.
LBOAL.
)
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thurs-And Friday of every week. Office at
At Very Special Prices.
Headquarters for
rill visit Hrvson on w eanw day and Friday of every wee R. McC. Ritchie'# residence.
District and Country.
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
BODEBEiD BA1HÏILLE, L. L. L,
Ottawa, Sept, 3.—The writ for the Yukon election was sent west today. Nomination is November 4, and the election one week later.
G. F. HOGGING
FALL 1902-3.
BRYSON
ADVOCATE
Wm. GAMBLE, |££"«h*2
ADVOCATE, Ac
Office : Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAW VILLE EVERY MONDAY.
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
• #
lest week, defeating the veterans of the D. R. A. an! the British team. It takes the average young Canadian to spoil bul.'e eyes
The new boat which was to be run in
•t
CEO. O.	™
in some unknown manner it caught 6re and was completely destroyed.
Carlisle D. Graham, of Philadelphia, Tuesday night, swam the rapids below the whirlpool at
* Niagara Monday afternoon. He wore a life preserver and a life buoy on his neck He covered the four mi'es from the whnlp ul to L-î wit ton in 25 minutes.
on
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, AC ,
or THIS PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
TrUStBU"5s^ Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
Attend* court* of Ottawa and Pontiac District#.
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
Peter Bethune fell under w bunch of I lumber in the Arnprior mill yardi and |
Lts* year the American railways and	was ao sever ly injured :ha; he died the
steams! i:»«s ha d ed $57.000.000 worth	next | JÊÊ	¦¦¦¦
of CNnadian freight which we should have
handled ourselves if we had a proper. - .	.	.
Atlantic service. And still the Grit# are ^°^0O| #uPP<,rter® a^d 32.02 for Separate considering whether anything faster than ®c“°°* * uppor i e ira.
Commissioner ^ald'^yao!%^%L,	for the engine,.-Ottawa Citizen.	JnjS üï^aYprîriSêe
Mortgagee, etc., executed legally and satis- ^ f@# nights ago an Almonte cop arrest- the Frontenac election
-s#
mo*«t to loan	on bast TERNS.	church you belong to." replied the cop.	flight.
‘ BRYSON.	- -	eue.	“if you belong to erery church in town	L. Beynes Reed. • Vietori. bookkeep-, tI1Brlln,„ll, Ilrm„ „
Will be In SbewvUle on TuewUy of you esn't welk the streets of Almonte in .ho.. family «me from London. 2S2toi™of tomtlel •Terr week.	this fashion.	I Ont., committed suicide by shooting at I He Myl ,hst th, ManftotM, erop ,
i i Timairo	Mr. James Blair, swell known farmer.	I age a little higher than last year.
J. J. TUnlrtrC)	who	liTed about fir# mile, from town Montagu Boldbeio failed in hia attempt ! what he maw and heard the yield will	,
LlCENSKD AUCTIONEER tor the County on the third line of Stafford, a week ago to aw ire the English	Channel, hawing to I average 27 buihel, an acre, and a wary	H&TdW&rO MOrCiL&IltS, "	*
Pontiac. Baleecooduetedlna bu»iaew-like last Friday observed a pimple on Ma be taken ont of the	water about a mile Merge proportion of the wheet will be
aud *tuf»ciory mann«. Oootoor srticle. ehin and pricked it on Saturday. On from Dover.	; -rad. Nol. hard The heads are better	-
È&ssadfefi	F«S5SS teas
town and despito the ettendanoe of two '^ng aaon days	farm wheat will average folly 40 bushels
doctor», he died on Wednesday and was The C A R. has established a private to the sere, barley from 60 to 60 bushels, I The underslm
wSf “,d “H SSSiSS.-s;	I nn*w*, mmu,* a mm»
—"----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- —-F	_SBSSRrtïj
StiSSîÎSS ïr-tas1tWRars
States farmers ste eager to get them for . s ^ ^	vyg bathing at	—	Also South East Half of Lot No. 21 in + Train No. 101 leave# Ottawa 5.05 P.M.
purpose, though they have to j Qhspieau e	Th# oonlract for the construction of e same range, consisting principally of bush + Train No. 102 arrives “ 8.25 A M.
Iwght and tariff chargee.*	* New York papers ten of a gambling Mm'OeeUe0 Que" to^thTst!**1 La™ On the above three lots there are about o Train No. 10% leaves 1 7 30 A.M.
tassais;rr ¥	••
court aawiib,	*s[ï—- js	¦sa;1	«w »... „	.«— •• .«*•*.
Nojne.	the pitiful condition Id which he was euludti WAik	j place of Murray Bay will fall to the share
Meets the 4th Wednee- found is mow further from solution than The attorney general of Manitoba, in of the Intercolonial. At present Murray
day Of every month, 6T#r fu aeemi oonacioDs momenthe said behalf of the province, hse entered an Bay is reached mainly by steamer from 1,akliamkntaRY paper showing army
sssksbbs	<,"*e- ——	—• r.z."
Vleitln^) toMhreneor- chest and why he did ao he did not tell, lande due the province from the Domin-	Thanksgiving Day	_
mmsmm
tessr & TJ s.-syus ssr see I ati sss	ssaas. "
ing as legal adviser for the heirs.	1 bnry Journal.	la8t Thursday in N uv ember.	g WA 16,loo.
.. LADYSMITH.
J. P. ORONATT ¦ ¦
rooming
An official despatch from Lord Curzen, of Kedleston, viceroy of India, confirms previous reports of a great improvement in agricultural conditions as a result of a general rainfall in India, but says that more rain is needed before the serious pressure for relief work will be materially diminished.
Arnprior* rate will be 27-01 for Public
W. W. IRELAND,
Fishing Nets
• « «	• ELÏld e e • •
SHAWVILLE
Fishing Tackle
NOTARY
RELIA
Dr. William Saunders, director of the experimental farms has returned from hie
tion in the west, bn crop will aver
From
:o:
of all kinds.
HcDOVOALL Sc CUZNER,
Sussex St. Ottawa.
Desirable Farm Property
For Sale.
Glloialilsoi,
ed desires to sell the
, situated
PRACTICAL
aid
JEWELLER
K
WATCH*,
CLOCKS,
JKWILLKRT,
BILVIRWAB1
Ac. to.
the earns
Rivai
a Breen Li nr:

'the " able to
l
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
+ Train	No.	100 leaves Ottawa 5.15	P.M.
+ Train	No.	110 arrives	M	9.25	A.M.
•	Train	No.	Ill leaves	“	6.45	A M.
•	Train	No.	112 arrives	"	6.35	P.M.
f- Daily except Sunday, o Daily except Saturday and Sunday.
8 Saturday only. «
-r t Sunday only.
• Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays only.
For tickets or further Information apply to station agent or GEO. DUNCAN,
Dlat. Pass. Agent, • 42 Spark a St.,
Ottawa, Ont,
The War Figures
B.C
J. A. Oowan.R.8.
S
H.B. SPENCER,
Cen. Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. R.)
OTTAWA, Ont*
The spot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut, | ; Good Shampoo, obBH|M| A Clean Shave.
Y our Turn next.

###PAGE###6###



\
his shrill roloo hill pity In oMsr to bo hoard.
a strong ntiggeetlon to every dt$>f-man to look carefully into hi* herd
luidlHHIHiHHii
can h# built for about $70.—B. L Keenly. In Orange Judd Farmer,
A FRUIT EVAPORATOR
*
Induré hlm tv weed out the M pauper# " at the «mi llent opportunity.
Because you are a marked man, Doctor Jack," le the astonlehlns declaration he makes. " There Is a big conspiracy against you, right here In the city of Madrid.
" What has that to do with not entering the hotel, may I ask ?"
" Everything. An enemy Is there on the watch. He would see us together. Thy would believe I had warned and a beastly mess would come of It tor don't ye see I'm supposed to be on the other side—that's how I picked up my Information, pretending to be am mad as the duse at you because you seemed to have found favour in the eye* of my cousin—I am very particular who she makes up with, don't ye know, for once I thought' I'd have hur myself, 'pon 'onah, only Avis argued me out of It, deah girl."
Some men would get angry at such talk, but Jack canuot—he knows Larry la a conceited fool—under him breath he calls him a jackass, but It Is also dead certain that the little man Is wiser than surface Indications would promise. His present errand proves It, and Jack Is not the one to find fault will: a little eccentricity, for It serves ;is a spice to flavour the soup.
So he makes out that he Is highly pleased, press?» the dude's hand warmly, and howls In his ear—the villainous band la just passing.
K L Kssisy. MioMga», la Visage Juêè Farmer, Vires Fisas al Oas That
Will ftiMiiti the lest.
Just a Horse
farm	wen looking	a
The illustration* show elevation I horse which a neighbor had brought and general plan for n fruit farm in, and In commenting on him said . evaporator that will stand thq test. " ^hat kind of a horse is ho /	H«*
Jt will remain on the farm a# a per- isn't big enough for a draft horse, munent fixture and money maker If j ho hasn't style enough for u driver, ightly constructed and Intelligently | and he is too light to pull much of a
The drier i.'presents but j load, lie's nothing but a horse, and >f a large commercial | he isn't worth very much of a prit»
That man was not a horse
DOCTOR JACK.
I re tils ••	Orale.
Two profils arm derived from the groin hy feeding It on the farm—thi feeding valu» i-nd (he manu rial val-
When the grain ie sold, the ma mirial value is completely lost anfl 1 ho farm htglne to run down infer
iil!ip^nÊÊttEÊttÊKÊÊEft/ÊÊÊÊÊ
nevted with feeding, which Is n eav Ing of labor, horseflesh nod equipment,
$
%
By Sf. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Author of ^Doctor Jack's Wife,” “Captain Tom," “Baron Sam,” “Mb.
Pauline of New York,” “ Mb, Capeke,” Etc.
110

I
you
handled
«is
machino- We have handled over 171 Either
of these,_all in one row and all fed breeder, hut he «bed things up muc h from one source of heat and that | hotter than rnuivy a man who pretends dm on its entire length by hot air i to breed horses does. The horse blasts, in this section we show a Was Just as he said, and ho was brick wall nicely laid up, and the fits bought for n fflO bill because ho
I was “ just a horse."
There is a field of usefulness for all horses, but the man who raises "just
*
I here is Another profit con
i
lïiBiiisiiïimiimiB
SALT AS A CUR ATI V*
flambeaux oC the Indian swo.u-e „ lower may fall upon It, Jack reads.
He Immediately gives* an exclamation. and bends closer, Lairy watching him with a smile, his slender figure drawn up a la Napoleon as though he detms himself of considerable Importance Just at this moment.
"Jove! this is singular
Jack stop# to witness the feats of an East Indian Juggler «and sword swallower, who exhibits on the street corner, surrounded by a curious crowd •f masked persons Several flaming swinging lamps smoke round him—the odour of oil Is strong, the weird costumes of the audience striking, and the feats of the Juggler something out #f the ordinary.
An attendant passes s little basket ground, and the crowd Is disposed to he liberal. Judging from the reals and peseta» that jingle within It as he gnrts his share of the-labour. TJien the star of the combination begins business.
An excessive use of salt on food it
mm
I	Ml	lowing it to run down the throat.
Almost every one who has had ()no of tl|0 W(l|ft ottertlvo remedies mill* til clo With hom-s Im.s hud on.' j kn,)W„ for sjrk liemlacbo in to place
SPE! |SÉÜ Eli™
The plot thickens-Larry tumble» fqund. The pipe should run straight
hack and renne out at rear of wall,

For the rcnaoi
mutters
urf
1W f floor
Jack.
Then he looks up. an odd smile crossing his face which the half mask hides—h3 has suddenly caught a glimmer of the truth.
*' Ah ! you appear pussled," says
IM
ê

À weak brine should
C K :
«mw*
Mow to ( «»• »¦ wIim- ftilllntr
Larry
There seem# a cipher
" Well, yes needed here to set me straight," re
Jack watches him curiously, and before the man has gone far makes up his mind that this is not the first
time ho and the Juggler have met. al-,	.	_
though the last time he saw Ben! awfully diminutive mustache fiercely, and rapping on his lavast as a
Booth or a Barrett might, he cries " Look on me—I—I am the missing
spends the other.
So Larry straightens his slender legs, throws out his chest, pulls at the
cousins, anyhow
eyes than to hatlm them with a
strong solution of salt ami water, let him hang himself up till bo gets uppIi(Mi ,IN hot as it can he borne.
tiled of it.	Salt Is most excellent for cleansing
Ouo horseman recommend* for n tltth. it hardens the gums and huh#» P'dlkig Wso Hint a long swceUns t|,0 breath Imiter strap b# buckled or tient around the home's fore log just above the knov
Achmed was upon the dusty street of Delhi in India.
It is a little singular that he should run across the Juggler again so far away from Hlndostan. and Jack believes he will wait until the performance Is over, when he may have a few words with the other.
f.
into the pit dug for him by the
scheming lover, and ahakes Jack's l°w though down of com so to prohand in return.	j Vvnt	of Are to the wooden
" Thanks, awfully, doctor—count on	11 s,loult* 11,111 vX,,*ml ,uv
! enwign Itp to gitO goo I draft
The large cut shows the drier as it
should look when ready for business.
The wall is ft loot square and 2& feet '
i ill height
1 also 6x0, with posts 4 fret high. Ti e floor should Ihî dotihh floors instead of one, anti should he
link."
Doc tv.* J xek, remembering his first opinion that the dude resembled a monkey, Inwardly chuckles to think how near the mark these words may be construed—children and fools ai-
me."
MATTER OF FAMILY PRIDE
pass the strap
And now let's move back here a
Leaning against a neighbouring tree he smokes his cigar, which luxury the Wfty* sp^sk the truth, they say* half mask allows, watching the drift-i 1 presume this note does refer to ing crowds, the weird actions of the >ou* 111 >’ good fellow, but I am afiald
Juggler, and listening to the jargon of it waa never Intended for my eyes.
"Oh! y is. no doubt of that. Just
read it out and th?n I'll explain."
So Jack once more bends over and reads, In a voice that the other can dudlsh dress easily hear above the Jargon of sounds
pkK e
can talk—a nice quiet place the other.
They noon reach the quarter Jack has reference to—It does promise them a chance for a quiet talk, being a little refreshment saloon, gaudily lighted up for the occasion, but as yet not well patvonlz *d, for the weird scenes upon the street keep every one on the qui vive.
Entering here. Doctor Jack selects a table Just around a corner, where they will not be In view from the open
doors
takes their order, and refreshments are speedily served.
Besides themselves there are a few
1 remember a spot where we
"Prisoner, have you anything to say why the sentence of death should not be passed upon you?"
•‘A few words, my lord. I am 30 yearn of a gc ''
-Well?"
"Your elder brother is u physi-
M
The upper structure is
%
that is lwo
mas
sounds
'
made so that crowding will he necessary in dosing. They should be built so that, when opened a clear enhance of Ixl f«H*l is exposed.
A car Bllcd with trays is shown m
Phis car &* a l srfect
1
From this state of reverie something
A familiar figea n
finally arouses him lire heaves in sight—surely there be no mistaking that even If a ha2f mask does hide the face on the street, the contents of the note
The New York given to him
citia. vu nt
This is impertinent and irrele-
I
"It may sound so. my lord It means life or death to me. I understand that you take a great pride in the phenomenal success of your brother?"
solulvly noccsyiivy, but is \v:y et n-i	Ctilrt ran HALTER POLtlXû.	; "I do. but wlmt potolblo bearing
venivut. If the car is used, an iron through one ring of the bridle and cun that have upon your case? frame running from the front door of tip the other end to n hitching post.	' Simply this: Your brother, the
persons Ir. the îefreeco shop, and the	^ner to rear of same will have to be	Another method, and the one we have j doctor, examined me a year ago. and
noise from the street Is heard with less	sU|>|,|j0,i to serve as track for car.	had, illustrated, is to make a crup-	predicted that I would live at least
Doctor Jack stops	violence, so they can talk with some	tnivs as MK.,t jn the car arc in- pvr out of a strong piece of rope and twenty years more. It would cer-
thought	I	saw	a	fellow	of	your	size 1	A	hand	is	laid on	his arm.	and	look-	sense of security A stout man, In the	ten hangeable. and necessarily so. as	lass the other end through the ring	tainly undermine his reputation as
riding by	on	a sedan	chair	the	wo-	ing	up	he	sees	the	face	of	the	dude	guise of a monk, cowled and masked.	fn,it will often dry faster at the hot-	of the bridle or through the halter	a scientist should 1 dtu before that
men cheering, the men cursing but close to his own.	! enters and seats himself not far away tolll ot car than at the top,so that j und then tie A few good strong | time
made up my mind I was mistaken "	" You were right,	doctor;	I did make	Two students arc treating a couple of	it will he seen	that a change of po-	I P"H, on the	part	of	the horse	usual-
Sr, xsrT* s»-srè	ssr«s r,rr',r,s	?:r,	A*™ '	'& t=x	l:':ru:"S ... «.	«,......
lngs. and, unbeknown to the others	In	Paris. Turned out she	had anoth-	men endeavour to discover who their	We favor the	segment, or rounded	[ l urm, Field	and	I	iiouidi
witnessed the bull-fight of the after-'	tr	lover-* e met	at the house—he	companions are, the girls seeming to	r0of on account of tig hints*
noon.no that he looks up to the doctor punctured me With a «word In the know them.
arm, and 1 gave him a bullet rtiat Jacft tells him about the Imposter, kept him In the hospital de la charité and they both laugh. Then the little for two weeks man grows serious again
“ Do you know. I was on niv way they let me off to your hotel, Doctor Jack—I believe man.
but
smaller cut cube, dimensions 3 feet and 6 inches nil round, ll is open at the bottom, | top'and sides, thus allowing free circulation of heat. This cur is r.ot nb-
of Cousin Larry
•port Is out to see the sights, and perhaps take a hand In any frolic.
As he is passing by his name is ut-fered by Jack, to Whom the little fel- | charming Larry low Is soon talking The athlete ten your vows in the garden of the thinks more of Larry since the ex- Tulllerlee, and 1 swear to you that 1 hlhitlon In the hotel
!
"Four d>ors below Monsieur Blancs conservatory of music—will meet you between two and four this day, my
I have not forgot-
A black-eyed Spanish girl
Be-
love no other man as I do you
Then again he
is a cousin to Avis—that counts for ware lest you metl my guardian, for
something What !
you, Doctor Jack. I
A cook of a kindly nature was very fond of giving food to the beggars that came to the door. Her mistress, disapproving of this cue* tom, reminded the cook that the food was not her own to give The cook excused herself by saying, "The people I give to are in great distress, and I do not think you should mind my relieving him."
The ludy, litiding remonstrance useless, thought she would try the effect of u practical lesson; so, being asked for clothes one day by « poor woman who told a pitiful story, she took a pair of the cook's boots and gave them to the beggar.
The cook, when she heard what had been done with her property, was very angry, and complained ta her mistress, who answered:
"The poor woman was in great distress, so 1 do not think you should mind helping her!"
I he
* h# Kull- U lined -Ir.iwberrv how
economy in running the drier Is in Now and then the outside roar in- being able to confine the heat : thus creases, and then dies away again—â l the	entire	chamber must lx* air-tight,
rtrange holme It is, taken altogether,	In	place	of the car one can connut? one that would puzzle a stranger	struct frames inside the drier lo hold	finding	out	that	it	is	a mistake.	It
in Madrid, aroused from his midnight	the	trays	and get just as good re-	is	only	justifiable	when	the	land	ia
Home will wonder how this too poor to grow them in other ways. Exchange Telegraph Company Make rows four feet apart, and set is to he handled when out of the plants 18 to 24 inch*» in the tow. Let
drier. We purposely left off the plat-i that should he built just over fire box door, to better show the building. It will be noticed in Fig 1 that a ventilator is marked.
Sometimes odors from scorched fruits ; will gather in the chain Iter and if confined for a time the entire hutch will he damaged thereby. The trays are made by either mortising or
Probably three-fourths of a11 strawberries are grown in this way progressive fruit growers are fast
as a hero
but
I was arrested, but
proved to fie the assaulted pawty, so
gabbles the little
slumbers with visions of bloody revo Iution, perhaps, or the terrors of the Th dread earthquake that once destroyed cat
suits
But my note—come, man. let me " cries Jack, on needles and
"That Is the building yonder, where pins. He feels as though It would do Lisbon the great lantern Is hanging—but what him good to seize hold of this fellow . Doctor Jack Is not the man to heat j f«
and shake some animation Into his | about the bush—he goto straight at * ' Doctor Jack’s curiosity is again r.low moving body, but fears the man the mark every time, and hits the aroused—we have seen that he posses- might fall to pieces on his hands, he bull's-eye. So he takes Tarry In hand, sea a fair amount of this womanly Is bo wonderfully made up.	i remembering the Instructions written
trait. Why should he not feel a de- " I’m getting at It. Patience, good by Avis—he has that note In the poo-sire to know the cause of Larry's doctor. Your class of men have *n ket next his heart, by the way coming when the latter Is hcr cousin ? exercise a deal of It, 1 know Just now the whole world revolves here's another document—let's see if it around Avis Morton—Jack has Jumped Is what we are after." into a new sphere during the last
twelve hours—we shall see In time pens now—perhaps he has other prl whether he can play at lover as well vale affairs he does not wish the pub- | tion
lie to see
it l« on this dused street, is it not ? he asks.
have it
the* cultivator go in the same direction every time, so as to throw the .-tinners around without tangling them, and us they root, narrow up the cultivator.
The objections to the full-matted row are that when the row is full, u strip of ground some twenty inches wide is left ground the plants which
cannot be cultivated forms over this, excluding the air from the roots and soil, and the water draws up to the surface so the roots are dried out and injured, If tho top of the ground is dry, tho runner* will not send down their «hoots, but continue to live on the mother plant, forming several plants on the same runner, which blow around in the wind and do not take root until llie fall rains come, and ! then they have no time to make and perfect the fruit buds and roots, and so the next season cannot bring their berries to full size ami maturity,
If the ground is rich the. plants will mat so thickly that sunlight is excluded from the lower foliage and the crowns. Fruit buds which will not form in dense rhade will, lie lacking. Many of the berries are too small to pick and rot on the vines and sap the vitality of the plant, thus preventing the better berries from growing to full size.—It. M. Kellogg.
brings you here ?"
Ah
tell me what you know, Larry, and kindly make the story to the point
formation at any place I shall not hesitate to break in and ask a ques-
Now
Tho crust
If I desire additional in
Larry Is not so reckless with his pa
tl
So he glances cautiously , at this document ere handing it oser
as nt bull-fighter
This is the kind of talk that Larry likes—he wants a man to take hold of him firmly—most men treat him as the ugh he were a fool, and handle him au If they thought he would break. He Is ready to swear by Doctor Jack. The is surprised to see him toss aside his flippant mood as one might a vail, and for the time being show To get at the pith of the matter ask 8fmethlng of the real spirit behind.
J He admires you, and gven his lisp Is g one. and he talks stands ready to do anything he can. pke oth«*r human beings, and not a Her name Is at the bottom-Avis conoelled puppy.
“ You know, doctor, I have been arm In am. with that Turkish pasha—had a Mieaking notion from the start he was cultivating my acquaintance with an object In view—believed It was the same old story, dead gone on my cousin. and played him for a fool, but I was wrong—dead wrong. He had another gam £ in view.
" My pedal extremities, to be sure I tried to get a carriage, but as beast- to the tender mercies of the scoffer.
This seems more like it—Jack reads: " There is trouble for you. Doctor
lv luck would have It they were all taken. Then I started to walk, t and before I had taken ten paces an lm- Jack, here—now—inMadrid. You have
Puden	ta:*ed me on the
and Informed me I would not be al- ! learned something of their plotting lowed on the public streets while the You can trust him through anything carnival lasted, at night any way without a mask, so. I had to stop at him questions a fakir’s, and be robbed for once.
Just then he said they were worth their weight in oro, he called it which, I take It, means gold. Then


m

By accident Cousin Larry
latt
a
OAK SHOWING FKV1T THAY3 IN POSITION.
halving the corners. Care should be taken in tins work a.s n Sticking tray is a poor thing when hurry. Cover these frames with wire gauze or tray netting. Wire is best.
Common 12x4 stuff is sufficient for the frame of drier, but the covering should be of the best dry timber that
cun be found
matched, und when put on should bo painted at once. Now, we U‘iy well know that all farmers are not mechanics, and we also know how often they get hung up on tome seemingly simple job. 1 am a carpenter by trade and am a little cautious about naming the cost of things ; le t this little drier is meant for business and, business costs money only say that it will depend entirely on who constructs* the di 1er, and in what location the materials aro bought. 1 believe, however, that it
Morton.
" Come, " says Jack, decisively, tak-I was pushed and knocked about a ' ing the arm of the Now York dude In good deal, but In spite of all here's hi# own Larry Kennedy, right side up with when we can talk unheard, and there
you	i»e	this
” I'm quite agweeable. doctor " lisps
ouu is in a
we will go to some place
care, and don't you forget It.'
The dude Is long-winded—he likes to hear himself talk, and drawls so that ! Larry It Is misery for Jack to listen. The latter thinks he knows a way to hurry mirer» behind, turning their.backs on old slow bon es tip, which plan he stands the smoky flambeaux, ard puih a pas -
sage
fonda.
It	fch ou Id bo nicely
Value of Dairy Cnwe.
At the Illinois Experiment Station n record of the food consumed and the milk and but Ur-fat produced by
two ordinary-looking dairy cows has been kept for the past year were fed the same ration and treated alike in every respect. One consumed 6,478 lbs. digestible dry matter and produced 11,320 lbs. milk and 565 lbs. butter ; the other consumed 6,18V lbs. dry matter and pro-cluced 7,759 lbs milk and 299 lbs.
butter. On the same feed basis, the j n he Lord Chief Justice may exer-dinference in the value of the butter c|w the office of coroner In any part produced was $47.09, This should be England
So thev leave the Juggler and his ad
Piles
prove to you that Dr. Ch**o‘e Ointment Is a certain and absolute cure (or each and every form of Itching, bleeding and protruding piles, the manufacturer* live guaranteed it. Secte» U moniale In the dally press and a*k your neigh bore what they think of it. You can uee It and got jour money back if not cured. 60c a box. at all dealers or Edminson, Bates & Co.,Toronto.
Dr. Chase’s Ointment
To
y

ready to adopt if necessary.
" Now that you've found the hotel, what do you want with It, Larry ?" he question#.
" After all, now that I think of It,
They
A STERN REALITY.
Quills—No,	there'» not much
poetry in my life.
Squillk—Wiuit c(o you (lo ?
Quillsr— [ examine the vers» sub* milted to the Bungtown Blatter.
CHAPTER XI
the hotel wasn't what I was looking
Jack's first thought Is of the hotel, where in the quiet of his room, they may engage in a conversation uninterrupted. He has already passed over half the distance, and the fonda seems * rear at hand, when he becomes aware of the fact that his companion desires to stop, so a halt Is called.
" Beg pardon, doctor, but are you heading for that caravansary yon-dah ?" ask i Cousin Larry.
" Certainly
for
of course, all got t!
Ht> i cnn
Ah !" from Doctor Jack, who holds
fcis breath, for he sees the dude thru»! his hand Into a pocket as if In search of something.
“ It was you 1 wanted, Doctor Jack."
" What for, my dear man ?"
The hand comes out of the pocket— It holds something, and the sharp eyes of Doctor Jack detect a bit of white paper. His heart gives a throb—It ie a message from Avis.
In a moment of time various
speculations flash What can Avis
" I soon got on to It, and found It was hate Instead of love the man
Jealous, raved over Avis, and muttered threats against Doctor Jack, all of which seemed to tickle the old pasha.
You w era
At once I became Insanely
Remarkable Recovery
From Nervous Collapse
I have a room there
I thought he might take me Into Over a bottle of wine we can discuss | the game, but he was cautious—not
that he suspected my feelings In the
doubtless, had little The dude makes a half way French in my ability to aid him. Then he shrug that at another time would have 88w a chance to utilise me as a tool amused Jack more than words could or a fojl, and gradually I picked up tell, but Just now he has his mind oc- points.
cupied with other things.	•« There Is a deep plot against you,
" The temptation is strong but the doctor, and a number of persons seem
BMMBBBBBBMMWWBBBWBto be Interested	Among others
What the Uuce do you j there is Pedro Vasques, the bull-fighter you outgeneraled at the pavilion—I the beat the house affords Is at my saw the thing, and was proud of you. service," cries Jack.
" Tes. they knew you—that’s It. For for my blood was boiling at the Insult me to be seen In your company is dan- offered America, and, *pon 'onah, I was
just about to step forward myself."
this matter," replies the athlete, won dering what is In the wind.
thoughts and
his
want ? Has she learned something since their parting that has a bearing on the purposed mission ? He remembers that the Pasha was about the Peninsular at the time, and Larry with him.
These things flit through his brain In a much shorter space of time than It takes to read them In print. Larry
holds out his hand.
" That will explain my presence, doctor." he said, languidly difference is assumed, as indeed many of his moods are—there Is more fire concealed under this affected, cool, and deliberate exterior than one could imagine.
Endeavouring to be calm Jack unfolds the paper tremble a little.
somewhat
A Methodist Minister Tells How He Was Rescued From a Helpless Condition
by Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food.
wlsk is toe great, my boy " Risk !
That Dr. Chase's Nerve Food pos- 11er, of Omemee, and late of Bethany, when I heard of Dr. Chase's Nerve •esses unusual control over the Ont., write»:	"A year ago last No- Food, and began to use it. As my
nerves and rekindle» nervous en- vember I was overtaken with nerv- system became stronger I began to erg y when all other means fail is ous exhaustion. For six mouth» 1 do a Utile work, and have gradual-well illustrated in the case described did no work, and during that time ly increased in nerve force and vtg-bclow. Mr. Brown was forced to I had to be waited on, not being or, until now I am about in my give up his ministerial work, and able to. help myself. Nervous col-1 normal condition again. I consider fo far exhausted that for a time he lapee was complete, and though I Dr. Chime'a Nerve Food the best was positively helpless. Doctor# was in the physician's bauds for medicine I ever used. Not only has were corsultcd and many remedies month», I did not seem to improve, it proven its wonderful roetoratlvs were resorted to, in vain Every ef-1 At any little exertion my strength [power» in roy own case, hut nJfio to fort to build up the system seemed would leave me, and I would trem- [ecrerol others where I hav» recow In vain, and it is little wonder that • Me with nervousness the sufferer was losing hope of recovery, when be began to use
Chase's Nerve Food.	od to have no effect in my case. .	.. .
K+v- T. Browa, Methodist minis-'hud almost lost hope of recovery, Co , Voronto,
mean. Larry ? They know me here—
It was luck you Jumped when you did,
but his in-
gerous.
"Eh ? I don't comprehend," gasps the doctor.	?
Larry bends his head over, for there is a noisy band bearing down upon them, filling the air with some national melody, and the crowd of masked students accompany it shouting a college song at the top of their lungs, #o that the dude Is compelled to give
(To Ho Continued.)
?
mount of heat generated by a man's body in a day 's work is sufficient to raise 63 pounds of water from freezing to boiling point.
Sir Edwin Landseer is said to have painted "The Cavallw'» Lets" in a
T»
Doctor hands The paper has bec rumpled In the
mended ft."	g "1 B
Dr. Chase*» Nerve Food, 50 cants ¦¦¦¦¦ for $2 50. At all
Ednumscc, Bate* à
"From the f-ret I used a groat many nerve remedies, but they oeem- » box, 6 bores
¦¦¦
Dr
dud*'s pocket, but leaning over bo ym* the light tropi the four snloky

!



###PAGE###7###


did*1
<V flre-rosi sting plate-rIusm, which It wim resolved to nutkc trial of a mutoh wuh put to thl* expensive bonfire. It 1» pleasant to relate that the test proved entirely successful.
The temperature rose to 2,500 de-1 prof.	w
™ULU,e.Kla'” 'ICarCCJy fr*?*	to "the*Dominion'" Ck^T
until water Was poured upon It
Unluckily, such experiment»
sometimes	failures.—London
swers
TESTIN8 HEW INVENTIONS
Woll Mad0.	ftclds. This view cannot he unduly
Pure lour and pure yesat do not «“Whaslzod, for It explain» in a necessarily mean good bread. It U,K° c,pKree 1,10 value of the clover may be spoiled In the making. Just crt,'!} ah & fertiliser.
•o : material is not everything. *he l®lfumee, of which clover la a W. Hodgson Kills, Official	member, haven source for
their nitrogen other than and
dltiona! to that present in the soil 'I’hc careful reacurche» of llollriegcl. Wilfarth, «ml other chemist»,
(he experiments at the Experimental Earm at Ottawa, have shown that the legume» obtain the nitrogen of the air existing in the InterHtice* ho-
(/e<0 lé MelcttrU/
/TUTTI/ drfUb/fUÿlj'm
lAnsysto cCrwJ&7iÿ il P
Then
EXPERIMENTS THAT COST BIO
FORTUNES.
nd-
1^1 owing an Old Ironclad * to Pieces— Submarines Forty Years Ago.
ment, after a number of analyse», rears ports that " Sunlight Soap Is a pure ft* WS well-made soap.E "
The ordinary testing of a twelve-	"T"'___means more than	you think. Try
inch rifled cannon for one of our	Sunlight Soap—Octagon Bar—next
large ironclads costs upwards of	WHY IS WOOL SO CHEAP?	waflb d*y, end	you will enjoy
$6,000. Not only is tho cost of the	--- lhe benefits of	a " well-made”	¦	¦¦
poxvder and great steel projectiles to Protection Against Adulterated	and see that Prof. Bills la I tween the soil particles through the
be considered, hut the target is in-	Woollens Demanded.	right No one should know better *K*ncy of certain micro-organisms
variably of Hurvetlsed, or other- Mr p t» n ,A .	,	,,, **lun he,	214 present in the soil. These bacteria
wise hardened, .mnor-plate, and Is in herd'. liuMat!,	<,fM lhti HUc^	‘ ?>tftch themselves to the roots
itself frequently worth from $1,000	J, x,	IT ' "'1^'  -	---- —	— " ,hv «rowing clover or other legume
Hkrs&x&J	s-ff r.H Mu value of humus E'HFEiE"
of the old ironclad "Bellelsle” as a	strong resolutions	--- be found in sines varying from a
target. On the starboard side she ,	, U#u °,f adulterants in A SOIL COMPONENT OF A VERY Pin » head to a pea. and frequently
x s^ïSafÿr? 7r H,0Hszr*" °"r “*
jlcto**belt of" four-«mlVha?F-tch “n^1 ^ > KC,!frallf co.ncod^ thut th®	by Professor Shutt, nitrogen™. food.1
inour nmilo the old cruft resemble a '	, Induetry ls w tiering	of the Experimental Farm, rutegory ms other plante ¦
cruiser of the "Kent" class. The ?,['* . i.u^ury ,ro‘u «futterunt prao-	Ottawa.	roKCn elaborated by these microbes
cost of this operation	^ J tho n‘*"u,*cturc and sale of	Is Passed on to the host plant and
wam Aiimn< eon Ann	woollen goods hmspiuch	ms such Too	much	importance ciuinot lie	It Is there	built	up	Into	the	¦
WAO aowuj SJV.WU.	goods chnlaln «0 per cent, and even I Kiven	to the	value of humus It: the	nitrogenous compounds	of	the
After her preparation un target tho more of shoddy, or other substitutes growth of crops and in the main-	sues	of	the	roots,	stem	und	leaves
poor old ship was exposed to a for wool."	tennace of fertility. It is the n„-	These	farts	represent	the	most	l.n-
storm of sterol projectiles. Sixteen I eruviun cotton worth 141 cents is turul storehouse and keeper of nit- portant discovery in agricultural 864Vpound shells, JHO from tlie	six-	used very largely with wool	worth ! r<>gcn	in tho	soli, an element which	femmm
incli guns, 860 t w e 1 vo-po under »,	and	40 cents per pound scoured,	which 1* tho	most	expensive, of all plant
MO three pounders were poured up- makes the price of the combination, ' foods when it becomes necessary to on her. In eight and a half minutes if mixed in equal shares, 27§ cents, * purchase it in commercial fertilizers, she Was practically destroyed. Tho being a reduction in the price of ! Humus furnishes the food upon tost of tho ammunition expended on about 16| cents. The manner of us- ! which tho soil micro-organism» live, her was $28,200. The cost of the lug these adulterants has been so1 and which by their life functions whole experiment was nearly $150,- thoroughly manipulated that the t convert its organic nitrogen into 00O. Since then the shattered old quality of the goods until exposed to nitrate#. it possesses considerable hulk has been refitted, and a similar, the sun or weather, is almost iden- amounts of the mineral food. . con-
expériment estimated to cost $210,- tical with that of goods made of «tituents. These, in the further de- HAS NOT CHANGED HIS MIND	__ I	I ¦
ooo will he carried out.	pure wool; tho manufacturers mnk- composition of the humus—a pro-	%N SEVEN YEARS	^ WALKED.
Testing new Invent Ions frequently ing wool substitutes having increas- cess continually going on in sum-	Lady—"Do you have far to ride to
proven to be as or more cpstly than cd very largely within the last three . nier—are liberated in forms avail-	- ¦ your work?"
constructing them. Not only money, yoars. Wo have seen samples of j to growing crops, and from re- This Correspondent Tells More Fat—“I walk, mum. Th' doctor but lives, haw been lavished in the woollen goods DO per cent, siibsii- cent experiments and research by Emphatically Than Perhaps said me automobile was ruinin' testing of submarine vessels. Tho lute or cotton; other samples 60 Prof. Shutt, chemist, of tho C'en- Anything Could the Perfect Per- health."
French submarine "Triton" was re- Per cent, cotton, 80 per cent, shod- Cal Experimental Farm, Ottawa,	manency of Cures	Made	by
ceutly ordered to dive and remain dY, and 20 per cent, wool and the j there is reason to believe that tho, Dodd's Kidney Pills, below water for ten hours. After a sum*, as far as mere appearance is , mineral humatos furnish a large
time the temperature in the tiny concerned,	¦ proportion of the potash, lime, and ! Geler!, Ont., Sept. L—(Special) - The reader# of thi* psper will be pleased lo
craft rose to 140 degrees Fahrenheit, SHOWED UP VERY WELL. *0 on, Used by crops. Then humus Mr. Samuel Kcrnahan, of this place thltJneicmhliLtL	i d,1Te,ee
and. in addition to this appalling Mr. .lames McNuughton, of New j selves to increase the absorptive and	is a wonderful example	of what	etagee *¦! m&t	le Caurrb.	HshWiarr?
heat, the air became sulphurous from York city, who has had an ex ten- retentive power of soils for moist-	Dodd's Kidney Pills will	do for	sick	Cure lithe osljr	poxldv#	cure	now	known	to
the fumes given olT by the working sivo experience in connection with ur<? It regulates and protects and suffering humanity..	^
sugine». 'Hireo men were utterly, wool, and its uses, in a recent com- against extremes of soil tempera- Mr Kcrnahan had been very ill treatment. Hall's’CatarrhCure^ukeiMi prostrated, and one afterwards dl;d. municatlon to the United Staten turc. it opens up and mellows indeed so ill that the doctors had tor*Mlyf acting directly *% the bleoi end France has	j Department of Agriculture, Says: heavy soils. It serves to material- given him up as an incurable. II» Soy ng ‘tàef^î» d a Uon YmK’ HSUS Î5
"We all know that the adulteration diminish the loss of fertilizing had spent n great deal of money in gir ng the patient• trce»lh by kutldtii!* ip 1 he of wool is very extensively and sue- | elements by drainage, and thus per- trying to obtain a cure, but all in cony wloa sad a—l«Hsg iawi la dg pg lu in submarines, and has not yet hit Cessfully curried on, and while eone I mnnently improves light soils in tho vain, until at last a friend sug- itToarnUv! KJ’erî^hlt	mH “
upon a really satisfactory vessel. of us approve of the misrepresent a- best way. Thus it is evident that gested Dodd’s Kidney Pills. This dred D»ll»n for an j case that it falls to eure.
Hut France has got off cheaply tlon as to what the goods are, yet humus should be regarded as a soil wonderful remedy soon made him a 8ff57®r 11,1 compared with those* who expert- ( the fact remains that it is better for	component of a very high order.	well man, and although this	was	80ÏÏ b7Drweàf jje. Y * C°'e	To:#4°’	°*
mealed with submarines forty years some people to have an article with	The relation of humus content	to	ntftr,y seven years ago, he*	hut	Hsli'eFamily Piilsorethe heel,
sgo. in 1H68 the Southern States, 50 per cent, or 30 per cent, or even nitrogen present in soils of similar *««rccl-y known what illness has been then in the midst of their struggle 16 per cent, of wool, than not to be origin under similar meteorological	and has never had a return ol
against the North, built a submarine able to afford an article with any conditions is practically constant. old trouble. The following let tailed the David," and sent her | wool.*’ In an editorial reference to It has been noticed, too. that the ¦ ters wbicJi he addressed to the pro-out in the harbor of Charlestown the Shepherd's Bulletin of July, amount of humus present gives an I pHetorw of Dodd's Kidney Pills, tell for trial. As she lay at her pier 1900, the writer calls attention to excellent though not an infallible in- the story
waves from a passing steamer swept the fact that notwithstanding the dication of the amount of organic	Gelert, Ont., Oct. 12, 1805.
over her. She sunk alike a stone,	nctuul and estimated fulling off Ir	nitrogen possessed by the soil	H	Jn December, 1893, I was taken
drowning her crew	of five. The	the output of Australian, South Af-	has, also, been observed that us	the	8ick und Inid UP. unable to work for	Aw	Old awd Well-Triid	Rewtsr.	- Hn
"David" was raised, und refitted for ricun and South American wool, humus disappears the nitrogen goes 14 months. I was confined to my	mUitoïïBM^hïr“
a second trial trip. She djvcd, and | amounting in the aggregate to 176,- with it. Exposing the substance of house and to my bed. I was attend- i*eo,>nr with perfew •	Mpp ¦
never came up again. They dredged 000 bales of wool, there was a Ire- the soil to the air, as by our ordin- cd ftt various times during these tathe'îii 423»
her up and emptied her	cf her dead,	mendous decline in prices In the Lon-	ary methods of farming with	the	months by five different doctors.	u«ie	Md by druggists	f¦ ]
and tried u third time.	*’orty lives	don market, with no certainty that	plow, harrow, and so on, tends	to	Three of them decided that n^y trou-	b«mi»tBdwk'for ÏIm.’	wum’ovI slothio*	Syru»
were lost and $800,000 spent before, the end was in sight. The writer dissipate the humus, and, as a na- WltH floating kidney and incuru-1 ^ takes® other kind the "David" was at last rendered adds:	. “Undoubtedly a given	t tirai consequence, to decrease	the	^le^ The other two said that
navigable. Then she sank the | amount of wool goes farther to-day	nitrogen. Soils growing grain	ex-	wn® qP»nal disease, but all of them j	The oil of the beech tree,	which	is
"Housetonic," one of the enemy's, than over before, by reason of the clusively every year lose more nitro- Pronounced my case absolutely and used in tanning Russia leather, is a ironclads, with a torpedo, and per- growing use of substitutes, portico- ; gen by this humus oxidation than is Positively incurable. My money was perfect ished with her sinking enemy.	larly cotton. If some persons have removed in the crop, und this loss is nearly u11 gone, for I was not a rich or mildew
At Tunis there recently occurred a discovered that the statistical pro- greatest in those soils which are mun- So™e one advised me to try I railway collision in which three lives portion of	wool is exceptionally	richest in nitrogen Experiments at	P°dd'H	Kidney	Dills, and as	a last	!	¦	nn.
were lost The driver of one of tho strong, tho fact can be largely offset,	the Minnesota (USA.) Experiment	1	did ®o.	After I had	taken	$89 UO IO	1H h.	1 ALIML	COAST,
engines was indicted for manslaugh-1 by the mere assertion that the use Station showed that for every 25 thrce boxes I was able to walk I fr0m Chicago via the Chicago & ter, but there was a disagreement as of wool has been tremendously dis- pounds of nitrogen absorbed by the about« but 1 continued the treatment I North-Western R'y exery day during
to how for he was to blame. Anxious | placed in the	last few years by cot-	crop, grain following grain for a	,'ntil	1	had taken *******	boxes	I September	and	October.	One-way	No	one is poor	but	he	who	thinks
to prove himself in the right, the j ton. We do	not mean that cotton	number of years, 140 pounds of nit-	Now	*	can say	1 ajn entirely	cured	second-class	tickets at very low rates	himself	so—Portuguese	proverb
man begged th^t he might be allow-( has been used in wool fabrics in rogen were lost, due to Oxidation of w,ld ûb,c to do mY work as well as from Chicago to points in Colorado, jd to take a train over tho wane small amounts; we mean that wool- organic matter.	ever.	,	| Utah, Montana, Nevada, Idaho, Ore-
^ I kUl NNVMRK AI1LE INSTANCES	I .no^impmtance111 und ^worthy® “of'	Oc“nE Aprif 24A W02.'
now composed for the larger Puri study hy flirnicih in Canada not! aXI1 as 80und as 1 cver was and i round-trip Honieseckcrs* tickets on
of cotton, if our readers will par- 'only in the older provinces but also *lave ,lot bud tba slightest return of j first and third Tuesdays, August, I Kindness in ourselves is the honey don the apparent contradiction of | j„ those western areas which are °*d Double, since Dodd's Kidney September and Octob<;r to Pacific that blunts the sting of unkindness
m •	... i overlaid by phonomenally line itoIIh P»»* curcd ^ away back In '94. I Coast and the West. Full particu-ljn another .-Landor.
SBLEE5FJ
Drakes were not sufficient to hold	#	| ie asm umicd amount of plant , Wtts made some little time ago by
them up. Before they could be tin- BABY'S OWN TABLETS.	IM.,< contained in un acre of soil m<an8 0f legal proceedings, to bring The strongest paper is made of
coupled trucks and engine were	_ . .	! la LI1. _ ^ depth of 8 incites, a the case of one of these churning Manila hemp. A single sheet of "le-
roaring backwards down the hill at* w :	r t PMldran'a !inin ik 1 n0.Ul<l Jieiff!1 nb?ut dogs to conviction for cruelty, but gal cap" of this material will bear
terrible speed. They dashed Into a ^re Nat rt \U1\ 1	*	Iud* 9hutt cxtim- there was, as tlie magistrates point- | a weight of 300 pounds,
house near the bottom, and brought |*	******** '	ates, from luhoratoncal experiments e,i out, considerable difficulty in ad-
Ihe whole building down, killing a Medicines containing	opiates non %	" none, from 10,-1 judicating in the case, inasmuch
woman and two children, and doing should never be given to children — f.	i r	°	of 11'1‘ Ogen. there was no precedent upon the subdamage to the extent of hundreds of little or big. When you use Baby’s 1 °.m , >f	1() ^a;nV° P°und^ °* Ject. After seeing the dog in ques-
doliars. The engine itself was utter- Own Tablets for your little ones you ? “V’ ,71 nh!?t,!°	\lion ttt work' and successfully turn- ^tsinfectant.	I lowest price» ever euoted. Fine cslogan
ly wrecked, and its inventor, in de- have a positive guarantee that thev ,	i piuisphoric acid, Sunil- the milk into butter, the bench *	| fitolllu*tr*iloo#,maltrd free. Write a# for
contain neither opiate nor harm- "u . i u* , got0i} avora«(> fer“ .expressed the opinion that though	---- , thing m w
Last April 6th	an experiment,	fu| drug. They arc good fbr	all	"’ ,a.s ,UI11* fn>in •;50<>	churning was not to the dog's In-	King Edward wears a No. 7	hat;	WHüLFY	R0Î0E & 00., LiffijtGil,
which proved very	expensive, took	children from the smallest, xveak-	*	’	p<l)!nalls/,<>! 111 j ugen, from o,~	\ 8tinct yet that of itself did not ebu-	the Kaiser is fitted with a 6J,	but T	0 . _nd w«Mn
place at Palaiseau, near Paris.	est infant to tiro well grown child. / 0 ,! J 1 \ (	S of potash, and igtitutc cruelty. The cum» was dis- the Prince of Wales wears 62 only.	________
These Tablets quickly	and fl1 .om	to otQOQ pounds of phos- missed, with the caution that in	----
positively cure all stomach und * u’l.'L	,	, A such use of the machine the dog Was g _ lljn.rr|ie j inlmant In tho Uunco
modelled on the lines of that of bowel troubles, simple fevers, trou- , , Us‘! Vu81 «tores of plant not be chained to the structure. KuCD m'llaf0 S Llilllllùlil 111 H!u flulloC
Santow-Dumont, was tried. A strong |>les with teething, etef They ah f°od are truly present, but a very ftS hc |in(j been at times Upon the	- III
gulo was blowing,	but MM. Les-	way* do good, and cun never do	the	7 , , l^ '^ntago of them is imme-	oC(asion of the magisterial inspec-	(Jermanv produced last year	20,-	BRITISH	AMERICAN DYEING CO
sague and Thibaut, the inventors,	.slightest harm. For very small	In-	/ * *v 'V'11 a to p anls* oLber’	tion of the sheepdog's churning the	qqo tons of calcium carbide, equal in	Montreal,	Ottawa Toronto, Quebec!,
resolved to go up. The balloon was fHnts crush the Tablets to a powder. ^	.s< 9 “ug,11t 8d?n be^<,I‘,e , ox" little four-footed dairy worker con- lighting power to 9,500,000 gallon?---
inflated, when a bystander, Rating yjrM |*§ j Latham. Chatham, Ont , ha	)y ieaching of tho food verled the milk into butter in rather of paraffin
disaster, attempted to release tho says:	“My baby took very sick. His con'JllL,ieiits below the reach of , jess than half an hour	1
WÊmÈsmmmr
É1; : ™ ™
curious experiment was made in this «abv»8 own Tablets arc sold by ,hc increawd yields resulting fully ship was from home, but on his re-1^	t™v
direction last summer at St. Helens. | njj druggists or will be sent	bv	dcmonstrat6 that a soil's product-	turn was told	that	a very	strange
in Lancashire. A neat four-roomed mai, pust paid at o5 crntF H	fr*%	Irenes» should be measured by the	gentleman had	called	to see	him
house was built and stored with all by writing direct to The Dr	wjl_	amounts of its plant food which arc	I "Who was he	?" asked the noble-
Vincis of inflammable goods, such us |jams Mod ici nc Co.. Brockville.	or	,noro or ,esF available, rather than
would he »cn In tho shop of tfi oil sehnectady N. Y	h-v lbe amounts of that shown by
and color »*ei cha lit. Tho top < f the fvhenectady NY	1 b,‘ extraction hy a method of
buildin* was roe.'vd frtih a new kind	*	'	#	aiysie employing strong mineral
und
9
üt
)	WHOLESALE
NDUSTRiA. f staple Clothing
" wiroORAHCE-BY-RIGHi^ LI	A,*° ***n> knickers,
_ «UAilTV	jRIl	OVERALLS, SWOOKS âo.
Asie your dealer for these goods» BEST EVER.
W-0
¦¦ When !>«•> are tho clover, as regards ltd
is in the same The nit-
• i
WYLD-DARLING
*
COMPANY, LIMITAS, TIRSNTS.
usual
tis-
LEMONS
Extra Fine Stock
$3.50
science of tho nineteenth century, Experimental Farm, Ottawa, Aug.,
300 or 380 lize,
PER BOX.
The 04 WHO* COMMISSION ÇQ,, Limited. TORONTO.
(Concluded in our next)
PÀRflTVR
"Did ho get married?" "Not get/ • ther arranged it.”
TWO LETTERS.
A
GOOD
was/ she and her mo-
THINGS
TOEAT
¦:
w
• V

me
From Libby's famous -hygienic kitchen».
We employ » ebef who 1» an expert lo 1 making	;
$100 Reward. $100-
ra
LIBBY’S
Natural Flavor Food Products
ALREADY SPENT $4,000,000
We don’t practice economy here. He uses the ?ery choicest materials. A supply on your pantry shelves enables you to have always at band the essentials for the very beet meals.
LIBBY, McNEILL & LIBBY
OHtOAQO, U. e. A.
Of 25 Presidents of the United States, 17 came from four states in the Union—namely, Virginia, New York, Ohio, and Tennessee.
Write ter our booklet "How to Mae» Good
Teams to Eat."
For ©rrr AlxSr Veers.
_w Books, Sec.
¦*
. . . better be alone than fn bad preservative against mould pany.— Spanish proverb.
It lectku the child
it
com-
*!•»• lev l eant
»¦< work* «S’ ike 4 *14
Laiatite Broroo Ooioln') Tablet» cure lay. No Core, No ray Price ISoeeu.
a cold in one
Ask for Mlnard's and lake no other,
Hue in the presence of experts, so show that the disaster was
DUE TO PURE ACCIDENT
This was agreed to. The driver mounted him engine and started it. By same extraordinary mischance the
Mlnard's Liniment Lumberman’s Friend
OUI
There are in the world 649.333,000 I men. and 636,838.000 women men are thus in the majority of IS initiions.
Tho

all
I
Mlnard’s Liniment isused Df Physicians :
?MB MOOT POPULAR DENTIFRICE


CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.

An orange tree in full bearing has been known to produce 15,000 or- j anges; a lemon tree 6,000 fruit.
¦trsnffthwi* the g
Brass Band
a n
Lever’s Y-Z ( Wise Head) Disinfectant Soap Powder is better than other soap powders, as it also acts as
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Sf'uir, committed suicide
I »
A FLYING MACHINE,
FEATHER DYEING
• I 01
sod Curling aed Kid G lev*
S HCfcfwT IV
mcairrti.i
k Mtrfcef seWUdl
IOHUMBUÛ
V
8255
•w.uef
rodkaf lakiiUliffmntiu e»rfc*,sil
ü
fst 4
Dominion Line Steamships
%m * ie! U tirerwel Boston to titer-Tmilmmi to Liverpool Via Queeoe-
ecsr
¦esüæ
hu boro gi»en 1 oosoamodaiiun
».	to an)
to t
ft
rot* «r *9 and all particulars, of the Cempaay, or
I

D. Ti
à Co
A. E. ROY.
Carriage maker, St. Antoine, P. Q
Wood * Photo. Engraving
JONEStNG.C?>«=
SAV STREET- TORON If
wee t : 44
45 tons is the record weight ever Sure, my lord/* said the flunkey, pulled by a pair of horses. This was
ij he shn|>e of bark loaded on a j sleigh, and pulled on ice.
¦
I don't know; but he looked like the hnu> e of club* "
an-
###PAGE###8###


Little Money
E. HODCIHS & SON’S ADVT.
HOLD UP
Gets you a Good Pair of Boots.
O
Ladies’ Fall Hats
Complete.
ft minute and read this, If your clothes ft re beginning to approach m condition of InnocuouH desuetude, which will make It necessary to discard them. We want your patronage—not for one time only, but permanently. If we can get the former we are certain to secure the latter. Why Î Our stock Is so large we will have the kind you want. By selling so many Suite It enables us to sell so cheap. Our fit and workmanship are all right.
Our Fall stock is now complete, comprising
principally the James McCready Go’s and the Williams Shoe Go’s make. These
goods, we firmly believe, for honest wear cannot be equalled by any made in Canada.
Large Brims, Camel’s Hair Effects, Newest Shades, Latest New York Styles.
Ladies’ Ready-made Suits
o
o
Positively.
. $6.00
In Heavy Grey Cloths at
We state positively that we have the Best Oil Tan Moccasin this year that is on the
market—complete range.
M. STEWART
Main Street, Shawville.
• #
• #
A. B. McCUIBE,
Fall Suitings
The Tailor.
$
We have now in stock the latest and most serviceable Goods for Ladies’ Fall Suits and Skirts, Heavy all-wool Clothe, 64 inches wide, in plain colors, at 76 cents ; also plain Twill Costume Oloth, in black, navy, brown, fawn, etc., at 65 cents per yard.
ÉL. There has Existed,
THE FAVORITE
&

\ %
Does Exist,
Always will Exist
a

COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
A demand for a corset that “ cannot break at the waist.”
That demand is supplied at the
New Goods, Just In.
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND

AT
WAINMAirS.
Taffeta Ribbons, Velvet Ribbons, plain and satin-backed, all widths.
D8A “CHEST” 400 8402
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
DèA
The only corset in the world that “ cannot break at the waist."
The DftA“ Crest ” is in a class by itself. It stands alone, unique in style, radically different and superior to any other corset made, because of its special feature.
AsD & A Crest “cannot break at the waist "
it lasts longer than corsets that do break at the Waist, p consequently it is not only thoroughly satisfactory to the wearer, but also better value—in fact, the cheapest corset a lady can buy.
best too
E. HOGGINS & SON
S.—Twelve pairs of our $1.25 Shoes left, sizes 2£ and 3, only 50 cents.
4 full line of Stove Furnishings,
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
Q. E. WAIN MAN, SHAWVILLE.
CLOTHING! CLOTHING !
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
Our stock of Ready-made Clothing, just received, will repay the careful inspection and consideration of intending purchasers. Î )on’t miss having a look at these superior goods.
ASM FOR
9
The dentists, f llowing doctors’example are now moving for a dominion registration scheme, under which the passage of o îe examination will enable them to pn c-(ice their business anywhere in Canada. The provincial works men will be agaimt the project, and there will be difficulty in getting it through. Provincial rights benefited chiefly in small things.—Montreal
Smallpox at Àlgoma.
Toronto, Sept, 3.—By a report received at the office of the provincial health department today it ia shown that in two months and a half the township of Balfour in Algnraa district had no less than 31 cases of smallpox in eleven houses. At present they have the plague confined to one parent in one house. It was in Bal-1 Gazette four that the health authorities met with such determined opposition to iseolate and vaccinate, and they claim that this was reaponeible for the large number of cases reported.
PA

i

T. W. WILSON & CO.
(LONDON)
L

INDIA PALE ALE
Members of the Transvaal a "Irish brigade' are stranded on Johannesburg, and are asking for charity to he p them back to their homes in United States. Their experience will not be an encouragement to others to meddle in quarrells not their, own. To be on the losing side in such a case is to be abandoned.
. The barky and hops used are the finest that money can secure. It is a prime favor Be.
12 MEDALS—14 DIPLOMAS.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street, QUEBEC.

George Douglas Brown the author of Ottaw&ns Anxious to Find Oil •The House With the Green Shutters," |	Qr qR8
died suddenly at London.
For same res am or other there ie*irHg ruent discovery or coal oil at
mMaamr™
worsteds, and similar tabiics are acid as Capital	on res *
English or Scottish articles they will From almost the earliest times of set Lord Dundonald. in a	a ee:h	at tie	_
bring a much better price than if eold as tlemént there has been rumours that opening of the Toronto fair, highly	prais
Canadian Goods. In England, however, there was a large deposit of coal oil lying	e<j Strmthcona’a	Horse	and the devoted	Having secured a new and fresh stock
the demand for the latte? ia steadily in-1 under the dint net immediately surround-	y*q*atry 0f Lient. Bruce Carnrthere	of GROCERIES people can rely on get-
creaaing, a# the quality of (Radian good# mg Ottawa.	troop at Hart's river.	ting a good article. Intending buyers
will compare favorably with that of Eng- One of the 6rst discoveries leading to	would do well to come and inspect our
iieh manufacture. Both in the matter of this rumour was made at the property of A woman was found in Queen’s park, stock, weaving and dyeing, Canadians are now ex Mayor Borthwick, on what is known Toronto, in a dying condition turning out an article equal to that of a» the Mer Blue, a morass of many miles aid of a stomach pump she was _	,	foreign manufacture. If this fact could extent Tying to the southeast of tfcs city, of ha'f a pound of P
London, Aug. 30.—It is aaserted that be impressed upon the minds of Cans- At this point there are wells of very swallowed, the purchase of the Portuguese posses- disnif jt would be greatly to the advan- valuable mineral water, and signe being
¦ion i in East Africa	will be	announced	tsge of the producer and the consumer in observed of natural gas, a pipe was sunk	A big vein of	natural	gas was struck
when parliament	meets and	that it will	the country.—Pickering News.	with the result that a brilliant flane	at Hepworth
be followed by the German acquisition of	.	- ,_ could be obtained by applying
a portion of the territory in question in	Lumber Activity.	I the end. This flame would
accordance	WÊÊÊ¦¦¦
Great Britain. There is no direct confirmation of this story from an authentic source, but shrewd men, not often deceived on South African questions, are predicting the purchase of Portuguese territory, the extention of Natal north-
Martineque Doomed to Destruction.
New York, Sept. 5 —It is generally believed that the island of Martinique is Seven Hundred Health Seekers
doomed to total destruction, and the
the catastrophe comes
Guadaloupe will be visited by an all- |Vienna, Sept. 3rd.-Correspondence redestructive tidal wave, cables the Point ceived from T.flis, Trans Caucaain Russia Pitre, Gaudaloupe, correspondent of the Herald. Business is absolutely at a standstill. Few shops are open, and if it were not for the eflora of a small number o more valiant souls hundreds would starve to death here because of their fear of a more terrible death. Details that have been received during the last two days prove that the eruption of Mont Pelee of August 30 was far more violent than any of the earlier explosions. As the eruption continue, the mouth of Mont Pelee grows in size. It is now of enormous pro portions. Mont Lacroix, one of the peaks that reared skyward from the side of Pelee has fallen bodily into the crater and it has been completely swallowed up.
There seems to be a side pressure in the crater, and burning chasm widens perceptibly every pay. Clouds no mere hang about the créât of Mont Pelee. The terrific heat seems to drive everything The column of smoke rears direc-
-AND-
Meet Death
MEAT SHOP.

(Corner Main and Plokanoeli Sts.)
gives a g aph’c account of a disaster which occurred August 17, when as a result of a landslide, supposed to have been due to seismic disturbances some twenty villages were des'royed and 700 person were killed.


By the relieved

May Buy Territory.
We also have on hand all kinds of aria green she bad | fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON,
LARD and SAUSAGES.
She may live
*111!
A Call atoll el ted.
a match to burn for
several minutes and then expire, but after a short interval could be relit.—
Another similar experiment was made at Mr. J. King Arnoldi’s property at Caledonia Springs, also situate on thi
hmm\.................MUMS
pprffiLïppüs» JK;fMp“ K“"swsl— "-1	“• xi.fÆrsassv.; P1	"s
K siïïwssa 2S :z ïftrsLX“	mijs :v;s.ts fisjpisrsr ps .¦»	.. .... ssrn
mer has undoubtedly kept the grain from Taylor was driving a neighbors cows j thi« sea-on : Robert Hurdman, Rideau j the result that email deposits of oil were	“ No person owning, having or lmrl»or-
ripening in the far west, and besides, the from one of hie fields Into which they had Co. ; Chaa. McOool, M.P., Hull Lumber found, but not ia sufficient quantities to Bowwwi Pav Cq|a Ingany dog accustomed to hunt and pur-great floods in Southern Alberta, there Grayed andin so doing angered the bull, Co.; Sheppard and Morse Lumber Co.; P*y for working.	j ¦ ttfiTi ¦ OF OdlUi sur deer shall allow such dog to run at
a^-ssâsiS—« f¦«
believe that the enormous crop in Mam gored him terribly, one horn passing Several of . these firms will enter the bush, a place now iname the city limits, and loomy land, about 30 acres of which »lty of a fine of at least $5.00 and notex-toba is practically safe even if frost does through the lung. The injured man is squsre timber line after an absence of The experiments were, however, unsoo- , are cleaned. On the premises are a barn ! ceedlng $25.00.
rt Pxfis £r.r	« °.«.r
Rukitcbewan, where berreeting i. report- recovery, e. *uoh s wound, it ie wid, »n mcre.ee of 600,000 orer list m..oo'« | g>*«« ‘l"»1 impetui to tb. deeire to ’ *	JL LYON, M. D.	I Mich local 11 w«nth?ebovemenUoned
eJ to have commenced everywhere.	J cannot but prove fatal.	I output.	* fend natural gas aud oil in tb# vicinity, |	Sbawvllle. | date*.—1 Ed. VII, C. 12, a. 4.

H. A. HODCINS.

Boers for Canada
NEW COMPANY FORMED TJ OPERATE ON AN EXTENSIVE BASIS THE SQUARE TIMBER TRADE.
Deer and tyoose.
AGENT* WILL TOUR THE DOMINION. NEW ZEALAND AND AUSTRALIA AT « NOE.
t
t
1
away
tly into the heavens, so that its top is lost to eight. In the darkness of the night it hat the appearance of a stream of molten iron, standing fixed between heaven and earth.
t
The lumber operators rf Ottawa and w;ird and a mi‘en l compensation to the Ottawa Valley are turning their at-Germany for neutrality maintained dur- tention to the limits. The announcement ing the Boer campaign. Britain’s pur- 0f the formation of an important paitner-chase of Portuguese territory would pro* a||ip vide a safeguard against seciet purchase | |Mt. of arms by disaffected Dutch
l
a
I
made on Wednesday morning
was
v.

oi
Frost in Alberta
• ; a
c
li

8
p
th
cc
a
rs
th
M
Gl
wl
Tl
all
©d
fet
we



