###PAGE###1###

y i











;
I





\






No. 1
18 nr Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY,
QUE
THURSDAY, J UNI
u MASS MEETING OF
ELECTORS
SH AW VILLE,
Saturday, June 23,1200.
•21 1000
$1.00 a Year in Advance,
SANK OF OTTAWA
«
rv
0f%
Ytould
lu I tadfoni Assotti.i i s L.'ikv today, (Tlmr
l
)
i
x
I!
OTTAWA. CANADA
! i'y «il
wh.d
tl
i
<
i
vy j A
07 CANADA.
!



II
It. : t
or.; tin::itiun in Pont
\
liât i ) i which tak Nth to l’; ii‘hograjil n'gii all jii
i
Hoard of Directors
We want to Buy
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
;
Chahlf* M u le, E**} , Y V e: lent.
( * J ° Rd b U a y, i Q.jVioe-President.
M UH F K, KkQ
I
P»

(
!
1
1
I

Row. v> Alkx. 1 ?
J
\

Il I
T)
Mac I
B«4
Î
py

M PHY, K
I
;
in
If rad 0 flier, • .15 on treat.
ft
OBonorrmN
u. m.
On» nil Manager
• • ,. Miniver
i
f.J
h# i
x
Met
f ‘h
i
h, i
Alî the good Butter Egg's and Wool that
comes along at high est market prices.
Sh* Charles Tapper,
SJMimi.LE BRANCH,
Willwm M.t ,m*r Mr. John M i riistuii, < f Klu^i 1
c-1 a way on Tuv^lay last. agvtl M nais i he dvcvasvl was die « f the early net
tiers, who y y year are cr< sine t
Money transferred loall parts oft be world, divide. Finer!-, N< v. iy jih>
HA VINCIS DANK.	| fcery on Thursday.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol larn and upwards and Interest allowed.
Officer Houirs
HAIVUVAYH .
N Ta RIO
I

AIpx u :
Am prier,
Avoiimori», lira ••hriiige, Carle ton
K'PWiMi. K' apt v J le Mi“.nu.
La
Money loaned on approved security at rcr*»onal)le rates.
Farmers notes bought nml collected.
Le

% fs
l'irry Miunl.
I Vin broke,
Itat Furtau*.
t. r TODtO, bin ill,'h Palin.
(
I
t
Fla •<«, Hawke «bury,
fin II» J Vankl- vk Illll,
IN MaNITuUA
me
A Weeing of the Liberal Conservative Association
fh«‘ “.Tine place,
Dimphin,
Winnipeg,
Our thanks are d\u
Mrs
. "f
1'iys ,11, 1«P copies of the “Cape Times ” (weekly editi-ti) that v.vro forwarded hy | vV Lewis d. LeRoy, who is with the contingent in South Africa, and when last heard from was
Tile Times is a large paper of ,'ij pa/en, and tlie copies received are almost wholly DïKi).-At South Hull on June 15th, at I taken up with war news, with detail* of 11 o,clock, a. in., Mrs, Klliott Hdey, aged numerous incidents of the canmuiim
d8yeni’s*	I which do not find their way into the col-
umn# of the Canadian
P riagf La Prairie
IN QUEBEC:
M itroal,	Hull,
Ai’cr ‘h Pi ( V i’i, N, ,v York Hank '•( Montreal,
' ' ' - n St. Pau M Agents in London, Kng.—Piirra Uanfc Lt'd
i t:ie • an
10 A M.T 10 A M. TO I P.M.
K. A. PARKER, Manager
Urinte n "1 ci
P.M
i:yn—
E. GRAHAM
ai tit Nat. Dank
I>e A nr Junction
President
Max ]{HK>
WjUTFII ¦ ^ ’le<)n and Cirr a
WnII 6 LU ¦ wood workers. Steady
mind the Templar’s picnic at if.uniit m s Lay, I'ristol, on Thursday pipers.	I next, the l>th, and if you attend, you
*. vv ,,	e	might round off the day’s amusement hy
|	i :“'i;	v 1
qualit y ace second to none. Prompt ; r ,|L k mIi* church here at the svr- I	______^ ______
„„a	S'™	=, «U,,
Pontiac House photo galkvy will he ing. Large congi égarions were present, -meeting at Shawvilie on Satur-opon on Saturday, 23rd.	•	| particularly no iii the evening, and the I	clay June 23rd.
services were most affecting throughout.
Asalready stated. Rev. Mr. Knox govs tn Rcachhurg, while Mr. Whiteside has been assigned a church at Montreal J For groups, crayon portraits, large I tion, the ministrations of which he frames, etc., call at the Art Studio, Pun- perform while at rending
J.	year.
The price of cheese seems to he stead- !, \ ,K 1	* lergy ri -n , .ve die ' h irch
ily climbing up, and has already got be- 1M,, 'l ,V‘	. s V * ;iv con ij'ion,
y.nd the lit-cent mark.	hn^cially they by.au s“ Jed in wi;,
1 mg of! the last of the debt thereon. I » Don't forget that the date of Sir Char-1 xv ,	. ,
PAR1-N l'S' ATTENTION !!!! Why have les Topper's visit to Shawvillo is Satur- M	"ito exTcme regr, fc fr m,
the hoys and girls wasting their time jav	03...	Monday s (htawa papers, of the death, at
around home during the summer vaca-j	*	hia residence on the Hie!
!,<m "ju'n they coul 1 he getting a start-1 Among the medicos who received their the morning of th • dafe of M
Xht emiT e<lMcation at“ very I degre-H ut McGill University last week E. Cowlev, sun T&Al HEMS ATTENTION 111! A special ' *« notice tho nanie of Mr‘ W- J' Atm' I ie>'-	hrf-,!-'
course will he taken up during the summer session designed for teachers who
employment f
good - ien.
Addrrsa, Ottawa Car Co., Limited,
Ottawa, Ont
UNDERTAKING
Cuthbertson.Graham 6c Elliott, still
We want to Sell
'or
F
JHERE IS NO PLEASURE SO SWEET
A? that which Is combined with Profit
Haying and Harvesting Tools, Green Screen Wire,
Poultry Netting Spades and Shovels,
Axle Grease,
Machine Oil,
Pure Paris Green,
and
Mr. G. Dvlolmyo, barrister, of Pern broke, waa in town ou Friday, attending
Ai 3TJlyl21It SESSION cuur; in lhe efli,,lcit><>f
Specially designed for these who are an \ioa- to improve the Minin.or months and to turn them to prof 0, will open JULY 0. and continue for -i.\ weeks, forth® taking up of Husiness and all Commercial matters, Shorthand and Typewriting, English and French and .... other special studies...............
Spoc' J froj i Aylmer to Shav, ville
Time.
e
.
Fan 8.40a.m. 00c 8.55
Lvo
Aylmer
Ilreckenridge
Eardley
me
75c
1
0.05
9.10
GO
college next
i
tine House
0
a* a ers
)
Mohrs
Wymans
9 17
40e
9 25
'Oc
9.;i5 9.45 fl.M 10 a.m 12 noon 80c 12.10 12.20 12.42 12.55 2.03 1.20 7.::o
8.50 p.m
25c
25c
1

1
M K t es
Shawvdle - althain Mêlions
l.r
Arr
Lve
n»l Hout on
hn V
70c
50c
t
uionge
nton
the la'e Capt. I) C.v.v f Wr. M. Cowley, t iîrwfcol, and School !iisp«-^ir K. CowI**y
f Ottawa, f ne deceased gen leni.an v.r h native of t !arendt»n, and had reached
the age <>f »] years ,;t ‘lie time of his death which v.\o> brain. '	1
The Sheen correspondent of the Ob-1 in the emj server 1 ist week, chronicled the death of | V mu>;t»v. o kNTtH j Mr. John Shea, one of the oldest re si den's of that tow null ip, at the advance age of 89 years.
i t
f
(
iphells
L‘i »c
stimg, 15. A., of Clarendon Fron
f ! irks
20c
<
Fruit Jars.
4» îfÆ.SST*?. "*
they ha\ > moi , wrand a goo I driving
• Apply to Mrs. J \mes Horn; ins
An*
Hi a\v ville
*v h H\v ville Aylmer
l.vv
> unv
A n

«irilysis "i ?h
tiling practical to give their boys and
girls.

Tiekc

mts west ami Wall ham ' ^ on regular train leaving ile 7.L'*> p m,, < une date.
i1. VV. Rf.sseman.

!
-
ill 1
i
t the - 'ni n ing the posit
** hir John V
warding f purser
J. H. SHAW
I I . I M l: TI
r. t:s i MN.i p"R i
i
lu I
¦ ni • s ai
which capacity he u.»n for lii friends among all cl
came in contact.
brought up by tiain and interred at N way flay on Wednesday.
HE!
1 /
mg, m me it many • hum ho
•il Superintendent
< i
TMI IR MX.VCt I.KIORE JV V NI i II
Diop a Postal for full Information.
with
I
il
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
Bryscn, - Que,
ShEwvllie Council
The Academy pupils enjoyed a glorious day’s outing on Saturday, the seniors visiting the slides at Bryson, and the little folk holding a picnic at Green Lake.
ni;
were
i
. Minutes of a reg ilar session of the Mur
Mr. John Hon in, of Fort Coulonge, I Saturday (providing the weather remains formerly a resident of Calumet Island, favorable) to heir C-o veteran leader of and for many years associated with the j ^10 Conservâtivo par y — Sir Charles Tup municipal affairs of that township, passed j Per* H will be the first away on Thursday last, aged 70 years 1
From all w
i
y»
Mi
M .
Hynes; Councillors, Jos. Smith, G. F. Hudgins and Arthur >miley.
Mov< ! 1 y
COU!). S’TTît

LOCAL NEV/S.

in. Smith, seconded by int minutes of last regtr ni be adopted.—Carried.
Moved by • : i. Hod gins, < to .n. Smith, that the Rural Inspector be insti :cTv 1 t > notify James L. Shaw tore-fence from off the road alh>w-aii *e, between lots 7 and H north of Main ^‘reet of this village, on or before the loth day of June, inst., otherwise the Council •'.ill <; -'se the same to be done at Mr.
Now is your time if you wish for a view of your residence. Call on Imison.
time which Sir t harks has visited this particular sect inn, —although V may be truly mid he lias l»eeii over the length and breadth of t! Dominion, from the Atlantic to (ho Pa vit 1-0 o; ! 10 ConC^PÎ ! lifiC —litiK v iî will a!ford many of tho
Is I	and Slipper at Portag*e du Pe *»f Pontiac their first opportunity
erecting	a	neat	dwe,ling	,:ouse	on	his ,	Fort, has been Changed to | t° see and hear the nan of whom they
farm adjoining the corporation	limits.	Thursday evening June h:4Ve he%rd 90 much-favorable and ofh-
Mvssrs. M. Galvin and W. E. Scott, 28# A powerful Èraoho- 11 vv,se;	we may set it, down as pro-
We are pleased to report that Mr Vlios. Prendergast's condition has con siderably improved since last issue.
lai
Apprentice Wanted.—Good smart boy about lti to learn carriage making.
Apply to R. J. Bla< k, Shaw ville.
Our townsman Mr. Win. Wilson,
BARGAINS
tided by
DATE CHANGED.
1
move
We have several Special Bargains in
Pianos and Organs
Shaw »expensq___
Moved by cuun. Coran, seconded by co m. S rit},, that the following bills hi paid, viz : J. H. Shaw, bill of sundries,
HÉ ï
ZSlteS-S-Br» M,TT ar°’ «s** '»
Mr and Mrs E. Graham, oak rocker; Air V • , * ,1’ flv	now adjourn.—
and Mrs.7. Little, parlor lamp; Mr Jas |* arried.
Gn ham, sr., oak pai lor table : Mr and
Mrs tieomto Morrison, set of dishes (din I Minnies of an adjourned ses«i n of the
rutsuittfMtm& UMSsStfsatfrs
June, 1900. Present, Councillors thur Smiley, John Shaw, John A. Cowan,
Jos. Smith, <r. F. Hudgins and James Fa b •.
Moved l y coun. Cowan, seconded by
the Board
; Mr and 1rs T Ead< -. ?> pair lace I of H( 1th be r«ceivi ) curtains ; Mr and Mrs W Hobbs, water thanks of this council bo tendered the set ; Mr and Mrs A Smith, table cloth: member* uf tho Board, Mr. H. Lang and I
(YmVaïl^b"mi’ii“n lieiuUton.'iii1 xer"trtÿ I Mrj EJw'U-d Hodgim, for tl,eir very full J the Academy westward to connect with and water set; Nettie and Walter (ira- ail<l vlhcient report# — Carina.	the sidewalk at the Rev. Arch. Naylor’s;
ham. lierry set ; J G Morrison, title cloth; I Moved by coun. Hodgins, seconded by a sidewalk four feet wide, plank to be G Guthrie, silver napkin rings; Miss j coun. Smiley, that Albert Horner bo en laid crossways, on the north side of Main
Smith, napkin rings ; Miss Howe, toilet t,,e «dewalks the Council may see ht to Burnetts; that the sidewalk on Picka-set ; R. J. Tracey, glass set ; J Smith, have done, and to do the general work on nock be continued to the south side of glass cruet ; Lizzie Smith, pair towels : K the streets at the rate of $1.50 per day.— Richard Finnigan’s lot; that all the old
spoons; D Smith, broom ; Mr. Graham, 100110	that a sidewalk be built 2} wire fence at Edward Hudgins property
set nickel plated irons.	j feet wide from the present terminus at on Pick**nock street ; and that four pub
{
to offer In view of the fact :h
¦ i ha ere of the following snaps ware burnt out by the big fire in Ottawa and have move-1 away kin ce. consequently have sent
their Pianos and Organs back :
Mr. W. Me Goshen and Mr. Pigott, electrician, were in town lari week, male-
Mr. J. Neilari’s hotel at Killalue sta- j lnX Some changes and repairs in the tele-tion was destroyed by tire on Tuesday of phone system here. Mr. Me Cosh en, who last week. Loss about $ 1,000.	has recently purchased the line, intends
l.wexpecWtWfrom 0,000 to ID,-	^
0 I Orangemen will assemble at Ot . .va	¦¦¦
on July 12th.
*
$400 Dominion Piano .. .. for $175 350 Haines Piano ..
125 Doherty piano-cased Organ
<> octaves, walnut case .. .. “
100 Thomas piano cased Organ
0 octaves, mahogany finish., “
85 Earn Organ, 5 octaves, walnut case
50 Estey Harmonium 40 Bell Organ
k

V>1K 01
U
150
Married.—At Am prior on Wednesday last, June 13th, at the Methodist narsonage, by the Rev. John Grenfell, Robt. John McDowell, son of William McDowell, to Miss Margaret Edith, - ihnnie, get your gun, and go to the I daughter of Henry Maitland, all of Clar-shooting match <4 the Radford Ri e As « en<*on.
*30c*Htion on Thursday, 21st.
75
Have your photo taken when in town on Saturday. Imiaon can do the job for you in A 1 style.
on
7
67.50
man
n
55
Mr fijpart à Smith,	are
At the recent examina na at that in* I Harris, ^ Cleveland, Brantford, Welland atitution McGill University turned out 751 Vale and Uendrou wheels only, medical doctors

u
30
u
25
• e
.'he above instruments are all used, but have been overhauled and arc practically equal to new. Kindly apply to
Mr. J. R. Horner, .. Shawville,
who is our authorized representative for the Counties of Pontiac and Ottawa.
\ *
^I	Is-
Mr. Jlobt. Bryson, one of Almonte s I ^nd, sister of Mr. Thomas Heaphy, of oldest settlers, passed away on Wodnes-1 that place, and of Mrs. C. I). Blondin, of
Bryson, passed away on Wedi ty
U -, * \m	»	. , morning Inst, at the residence of the lat-
Mr. J A. Mousseau, eon of the late ter, nftol. a lingering illue, , from do-Judge Mousseau, a former premier <'f|c]jny
this Province, is a recent addition to the
legal fraternity of Bryson.


(lay of last week, aged 83 years
te
Stool Included in above prices and goods
delivered free to Shawviile.
SPECIAL DISCOUNT FOR CASH!
D. W. KARN COMPANY, L’t’d,
197 SPARKS STREET, OTTAWA.


.
room suite ; Mr and Mrs Hamilton, parlor lamp ; Mr and Mrs J Morrison, table cloth ; Mr and Mrs H McDowell, parlor lamp ; Mr and Mrs D Morrison, cheese dish ; Mr and Mrs H McCredic pickle dish ; Mr and Mrs Young photo frame : Mr and Mrs Sally, gins water set: Mr and Mrs Me Timet, table
The annual Dominion Day picnic is to he held again this year at the Calumet A good ie is in	r thosel^Ii Bryson, cm July 1. si
who attend the shooting match and picnic ccseful did the Portage parishioners make
at Richardson's Lake, near Radford, on Uhe last picnic at Bryson, that it is <|uite
Thursday. Make it a point to attend. | likely many from far and near will go
again this year to < < ’
.lames Roy, live years old, son of	...	. .	...
Joseph Roy, of Hintonburg, was killed I . 1 ho citizens of the village of Maniwaki,
by a Britannia electric car on Friday I 011,1 ^	ar? taking steps to
morning last	procure incorporation, in order to be '
•position to undei the work of
Granulated sugar has jumped up half n I provenants that are becoming necessary cent a pound. This will lie lwd news to with the increasing growth of the place, the housewife who has ft big preserving contract in view.
f
Ar


liver
liver



nd that the

lie crossings lie constructed on Main street, one at the corner ofPickanock st., one at the east side of G. F. Hedging* store, one at the Methodist church and one at A bort Richardson's.—Carried.
Moved by coun. Shaw, seconded by coun. Hudgins, that we purchase 2,000 feet of good sound 1 inch pine lumber and 10,000 feet of 2-inch pine or cedar plank.
Moved by coun. Smith, seconded by coun. Shaw, that we do now rdiouro.— Carried. •
in a
mi


Mr. Fred Vaughan, late Principal of the Academy, whose serious illness we have referred to from week to week, had regained sufficient strength to enable his relatives to remove him from here on Friday morning las*. We regret to say, however, that there is little hope held out of hie recovery.

Since the first .Monday in July this year falls upon a legal holiday, the election of School commissioners and Trustees-
but must Monday,

"
cannot take place on that day, be postponed till the following July


###PAGE###2###
T-
T




tiMHMmmèt ferenfe-e lover ki m deep t**d»r. Un W	i roots reuob down far in tà» subsoil
I V fYVtCi 1 I f 11 î*f\ i I I ftntl raws elements of pinet fool to
1 VMl v M 1 vil ï tbe gurftt0#e T.bwso ekwsts may be
clover roots catch a large amount of
DON T " FUSS" AT THEM
Children are often worried because their mothers are too attentive, und continually reprove their small ones + without reason.
A child should be left alone, and be allowed to play or amuso itself in its own way without the constant direction of a nervous notV.er.
A boy, for example, enjoys more a few ai tuple toys, and something which his own ingenuity has worked out, than the most elaborate plaything which h is been bought.
in the same way the little girl will lavish her affections on a misshapen I doll, probably made at h«une, while the most artistic production of the toy shop will lie in state, to be taken up on rare occasions.
clllty. epilepsy, chores, nerve exhaustion, impotence, tuberculosis, arterial sclerosis, senile prostatitis and interstitial nephritis. They also claim that with the u/te of the lymph they have - noticed in their patients a marked in-retifte of agility, strength and . .elm
ftnce improved heart action and sup- The latest reports from the Ex- fertility; which has leached froau the erfieial circulation ; also, marked bet- pe,unental Forms tell of very sur- surface soul. The essence of much torment of sclerosed, hardened, arter- p,wing results to ttie smxending manure wc have put on the land for les, complete cure of senile proslati- crop from the grt»wtth of clover, other crops, as well as se*xiping nit-tie frequent restoration of power, a whether turned under qa a green | rates and mineral matter, p brought decided improvement of mental fa- manure, postured or cut for buy In I up through the ciovpi Mlw,M 1 ° 1 h® cullies and a brightening of the fu- | y0ane wees the succeeding crops on surface fruin whence It had descended cial aspect.	plots similarly located and fertile, but beyond the rcanh of surface-feeding
l)r. Roberta is now in Home, Italy, ihe one having hid clover seeded and plants. If the duvei sol is lightly continuing his study of the subject the other not, have borne a relative turned under,, all these elements ain and with 1 he object of obtaining d if- yield in the an me grain of nearly two again hi ought mo i e<|uiMt ion as feront material» for new animal ex-1 to one. This, however, m not ¦ttrpfte-1 available plasl food where othei i, 1
mg to those who know the character!- low-feeding plants oau use it
We ho|>e that this bus been written about the bad prao-
YOUTH 10 BE MAINTAINED
| About the Douse. I<|:
SO SAY THE BELIEVERS IN A NEW
MEDICAL THEORY.
green manuring
Thr l.ymph ef Anliu tie <'mi ftnve I'hynlral
Animal Therapy
(
SUMMER VEGETABLE DISHES.
Oh I the delicious things that grow In a garden ; and Oh ! the grease-soaked aid unwholesome foods set before the family I Hut more and more women are waking to the beauty of household labor; more and more the housewife is coming to know, that the catering to her family is the richest grift life holds, and if she cannot do all things herself, yet she has an Intelligent interest in all things, and attends to the ways of her household and sees that they are provided with wholesome and suitable food.
If one would take a course of " greens, ' In the spring or summer the blood medicines would not be need- carelessness of parents frequently era I kingdoms. The pioneer, or rath ed ; the common dandelion is «& most sacrifices the personal charm of their er the discoverer of (he new theory useful food, for it cleanses the sys- children to an extent wholly unueeea. Dr. li. F. Roberts of Green City tern and improves the complexion in 8ar>'e ¦* *10 Lrst teeth should be pie- Mo., at present continuing bis rea marvelous way; other green foods served until actually pushed out by N-a re boa in Europe with a view of
Mnii-DUr'pIri of <la I'm Thai * Ivailon Lie# la lion is Hull# *tml HfHTrrt.
While the eyes of (he medical world are turned in expectancy toward Varia for the realisation of the made by Pro/. Metchnikoff that by his discovery of certain toxins lm can prolong life beyond the biblical limit a t oriel y of me<lioal men has leeji qu e ly forming who have already put the principles into practice.
They call themselves the American
promit*
Much
tracts, and to transport to this ooun
Animal Therapy Association and Ihv-ldove that remedial and therapeutic age nus can be drawn from the animal as well as the vegetable and inin-
try a number of Siberian beavers. The gtios of cloveiHHH	H I Hi I I H I
contents of certain glands of this uni- I geison lois of clover will be sown. It I tice ol putting tin I «-.si «pp'es at tin* mal are believed to represent nearly | should come into every good rotation ends of the baitel «n i h«* best a rgw-
thiee or five bernes al tne top of the basket, but
FOU PARENTS
An experienced dentist says that the
the highest type of cell life.
of c rot mi once in every
either to h* pastured or out I there \* no method of agriculture no
yea rs
f1M hfli In I he first case it wilt he j essential as keeping the surface h.,U
fertile—the best soil in ike top layer.
PEARLS OF TRUTH.
found immensely beneficial to the land upon which it la grown Man is unjust, but God is just, and for hay and fed on preen Lies where finally justice triumphs.— lxmgfel- | the manure La h indie I a a it should he
it will also gu to eni i h the farm
There is little influence where there | by reason of the nitrogen which it
has taken from t h • an and pumped Up
If cut
FABULOUS PRICE.
are also useful Horseradish Is a pun- 1 second, as the jaw contracts when perfecting the system. Like Brown-gent and delicious article of food, and they are removed any considerable Sequard and Metchnikoff he possesses real medicinal value. If you ,t,nSlh of time before the wound. The reived the idea 30 years ago and has dm not like it, in its natural state Urst set should be brushed with the experimented upon it wince, that the with vinegar, then try it with a dress- attest possible brush and a good lymphatic, oystem of animals possess-
paste, and when signs of decay appear ed therapeutical principles. Physio-tho child should be taken to a com- logy taught him the powerful recon-petent dentist for advice and treat- atruvtive and defensive functions of ! ment
cou
low
ÿhMMW Offered Vmr « tleeelee Anlogr ph
of Hh;ikr«|»r .rr.
One thousand pounds warn the sum
is not great sympathy —S. I. Prime
In every rank, both great and small, I from the subsoil through its deep it is industry that supports us all.— | roots, which is eventually returned paid by the lute Bernard Qua: itch for
But an autograph letter of Volumbua. A
ing made this way :
iSauce for Horseradish.—In a bowl, place half a cupful of butter and beat to a cream, add yolks of two eggs, slowly and beat in juice from half a lemon, a salt-spoon- ; ful of cayenne pepper and half a teaspoonful of salt. Mix these ingredient s and then place the bowl in a saucepan of boiling water, and beat for a moment or two with an egg-beater ; when iwrtly heated add a half cupful of boding water Cook until it begins to thicken like boiled custard, but npt long enough to separate. It will take about five minutes if the bowl is tain and the water at a brisk boil all the time. Cool this mixture and have reidy horseradish grated and mixed with vinegar. Add this dressing just before serving.
Green Peas. —It is not every one that knows that green pens should be picked and seived the same day. It in not economy to buy them and make ready over night, for they lose their sweetness and delicious flavor in a very short period of time. The same tnny be said of green corn; right fresh from the garden should be the rule if possible Green peas, after shelling and freeing from foreign substances, should be put into boiling water, as litt’e as they can he cooked in. When nearly done, It will take about half an hour to oook well, remove the cover and let the water boil «way rapidly, till there is little left. Add a little salt, then dress with rich ewee t rretim or milk and butter ; if*, pepper Is used, it should be white, which has a more delicate flavor than the black. Serve hot.
.	to sumo jKjrtion of the farm
Greatness of any kind has no great- | apart from either of the above uses, wealthy colled or of aul ‘1>Im m
er foe than the habit of drinking.— we believe that it will |>ay to sow Chicago in 1818 offered through the
Walter Scott.	! clover with every grain or up, whether American l’ross to p» \ £ 1 ( 0,000 for a
He that is ungrateful has no guilt | it is Intended to stand >r to plow genuine autograph lot ter of Shake-
hut one; all other crimes may pass j under late in the fall as green man- epeare. Only sewn uio known lobe
for virtues in him—Young.	are. By thie latter means much in existence, and as tu three doubts
He is armed without who is lnno- | needed humus, as well as nitrogen, is have been expressed is to then guu-
Twu letters of Mary Queen
Gay
thrift system and he I relieved that the In this way the child is almost sa- lymph of lower animals would aot as
Add the
su red of sound, evenly-growing teeth a strengthening tonic to a LI life if when
womanhood or manhood is it couUl be safely injected into the
human body. He selected senility as Use beat condition to test the merit of his theory, iu view of the fact that old age is due to injured structure or function of cells. If, therefore, the lymph could remove some of the effects of senility it would likewise serve to cure or greatly benefit many chronic diseases whose pathology is clue to the results of iinjmired function or structure cells.
reached
cent within, be this thy screen, and ^turned to the soil for the use of the nine ness this thy wall of brass.—Horace.	' succeeding crop; the land is kept of Scots, written just before hei exe-
You are tried alone ; alone you pass Well covered so that heavy rains can- out ion, are said to lu» • •• » un 1 “8-into the desert ; alone you are sift- j no( oause the existing fertility to lb* collector, *A>,00J. lhs one loiter ed by the world—F. W. Robertson. teach away and, a very important exuding in Titian's handwriting was
What is often called indolence is, | point, weeds have very little chance j sold for $IK<>, *nd a letter of Ua-
Of all the 1 pliael's for $300. The one letter written by Corneille which was ever sold purchased by Alfred Morrison for



in fact, the unconscious consciousness of incapacity.—H. C. Robinson. Human nature ifl mo constituted
to meed or gain headway crops used as green manures cJover is the most beneficial, because its deep that all see and judge better in the J	permeate and aerate the soil,
affairs of other men than in their

was
a- |
t
SENILITY IN MAN AND ANIMAL.
To demonstrate his theories he pro needed to treat senility in man and own.—Terence
$bUtf
I
Ü
(r
bringing plant food to the surface which lies out of the reach of ordin-
FLOKAL FLAGS

In various lower animals with injections of pure lymph taken from the Rocky Mountain goat. He selected this woret intentions, or friends with goat because of the unusual develop- ,	best.—Colton.
ment of his lymphatic system, and his lyet ap yuur views in life be direct-equally unusual healthfulness and etj to n .solid, however moderate, inhardiness He found he could keep the dependence without it no man can lymph two tlays by mixing it equal- happy, nor even honest.—Junius, ly with a solution of iH> parts distilled water and 10 parte of alcohol. He injected five to six drupe of this mix-
in life it id difficult to say who do the muai mischief—enemies with
does clover,
ary plan is. Especially by ip a son of those 111 lie nodules upon iis roots with which ail aie fiumi-
At one large private garden, may# a Loudon paper, ground la being prepared for un enormous Union Jack
00 feet by |i0 feet, in red and blue
su e and casern ml of fertilizing lvbelia uud while Virginian stock.
gredieuie, to the surface from the! Scaled somewhat on the carpet-bed-
deep subsoil as well us collect it from
the fiee nitrogen of the air. This latter could not be absorbed by any other
you
5
Mm
liar, draw zmrvgeu, the most expen-
Mm
ding principle, und t he effect should be extremely fine. At another country eeet a still more intricate design,
the Union Jack and Stare and Stupes under, pastured or fed as hay upon ; eniwiuod# « being attempted
the farm, thin is so much gain to the	daffodils are among the finest
succeeding crops of the farm and adds, [q the wor|d alld a Hibernian gentle-
iu the cheapest and most practical ^an residing near the south coast ha# manner, to the fertility and cense
;
«s
m
What right have we to pry into the secrets of others? True or false, the tale that is gabbled to us, what concern is it of ours ?—Jlulwer.
%

agruultural pro ess. Whether turned
The
ture twice a du y for 30 or 40 days Six-gored skirt of figured taffetas, |u many well-marked ca.see of senility, the centre sea an in front trimmed Without exception the oUl men bo-wit h fancy galoon. The back is a UIIn6 et ronger, more supple, of bet-fan-aliaped piece of ei; her t he same £er facial expression and color. Lost or contrasting material and flaies p^wer* were restored and other dis-out into a pretty train at the bottom. Material required, taffetas, 20 inches wide, 8 yards.
WHAT ONE WOMAN THINKS.
Sleeves are growing larger. Graceful actions spring from with-
put many thousands of the bulbs to quern higher value of the property. a vharming u«e. Upton a sloping lawn
Green manuring is no new thing. ^ ^ «de of the house he has plant-It has been a sound agricultural ^ them ln the form of a gigantii method from the earliest periods of
in
abilities removed treated before the days of asepsis and he was soon forced to discontinue the
These cases were
A woman always likes to look at a well-dressed man.
Lots of men who start in to cut a figure turn out a cypher.
Self-respect should teach every wo-a man to preserve her good looks.
A woman will put the front dour key under the mat and then walk away with the most blissful feeling that the house is perfectly safe.
An ill-fitting or inappropriately chosen glove can mar the effect of an entire costume.
Cynicism may be fashionable, but it has a very unbecoming effect on the corners of the mouth.
Style is born in a woman.
A man who sneers at women ought never to be trusted.
We often worry most over the troubles that never come.
The wisest man can always learn
The background for flor-
Irieli harp
which we have auy reliable record a| this year, instead of the stereo-
of agricultural effort. Although clover
treatment of human being# because of local infeoiione. He had, however.
A HOMEMADE HAMMOCK
typed scroll» and geometrical pat-
—i to be such device# ai
Bravo Bobs I" and similar
has been one of i he favorite crops for this purpose it is only within the past few years that the true reason of its I enefici.il results has been scientifically explained. The farmers of the last generation who, in the old coun-
A hammock for a summer’s ' camp- proved that he could accomplish ing out” wiw made of 12-oz duck 40 good deal In the treatment of sene-inches wide and two yards in length writes a correspondent. A wide three-ply hem was machine stitched across with various methods of preparation each end. A five-cent ball of heavy he continued to treat animals with cord, fourteen tent rings, 00 feet of the plain lymph, and to examine their cotton clothesline, an awl, and au tissues before and after treatment, upholsterer’s noedle materials needed to finish this
terne, appears
' V.K.” "
words and phrases
String Beans.—These are cooked quite contrary to peas and they will not lose much by being made ready over night. For a busy woman it is often feasible to string the beans the night before wanting for use into inch pieces, but if hurried 1 have found one may cook them whole, and when done-cut them with a knife much more rapidly, just cutting back and forth, as one would cut a piece of meet upon a plate. A good dish can be bo " hashed " in a very short space of time. String beans should be cooked at least an hour, and sometimes even longer, still they can be cooked too much. The beans should be put Into hot water and allowed to come to a boil. Then this water should be turned off and a fresh boiling water turned over them; salt slightly before turning the water off finally. The bean liquor should never be served with string beans. Dress with rich sweet cream, or milk and butter. If the beans are cooked whole as suggested, any left over may be made into a most delicious pickle, for immediate use.
Creamed Green Corn.—Cut from the cob, and cook in a little water for , five minutes after boiling takes place; ; season with salt and white pepper, and add a cupful of sweet cream when done. Serve hot. Green corn puddings are good made from the corn, either cut or grated from the cob. Allow a cupful of milk to two cupful* of corn and one egg, for each cupful of mil* used. But in a buttered pudding dish and bake till tue custard is just set, and nti more. Serve hot with sweet but ter.
scene
During the years of him exjK»rimenla
FASHION IN KINGS.
with other revivals of old
Cut
lues at any rate, practiced green manuring extensively as a prepara-
Along
time fashions it is now popular to have appropriate motto engraved inside
Uon for gram crops, looked to plant# for ihe puipose of rapid grovVih—suoh an engagement or » wedding ring as mustard, rape, buckwheat, rye, Here are a few quaint lines from his taies, Ac —locking also to those which toric rings feed deep and aie hardy, as ib se endures' mentioned. Turnip, sown
1 *,e He eoou added certain fluids of the 1 Le bull and goat to the lymph and found rings were caught down with coarse them adding to it * strength. It was thread, at regular intervals, along the from the recruits of these animal hem at each end
were
mi
while life
"1 am yours As God decreed,
thickly, fagreed ;** Let us share in joy and was, and still is, sown after harvest care;” ”For ever and for aye;’ T’nit-aml plowed under laie in the fall. The ed hearts, death only parts;' "Careful obj/ A of, such treatment is probably Til be to comfort thee; kn*-vu to all our readers, but it as well he stated here for the benefit
ex-
mo w #
Then a hole was périment# that his disciples believe cut in the canvas, in the center of ; that he has established the accuracy each ring, and the work of fastening 0f his theories, and by which he the rings in solidly began. This was
was
encouraged to persevere in his ef-done with the heavy cord and large forts to prepare lymph so as .to avoid needle, the work done the same as lovai infection and to keep it indemaking au eyelet. The awl was u>ed finitely in an active condition. These | something from the smallest child.
We never outgrow our juvenile con
Where heart# there God will be;” "God above
may agree
increases our love,” &c
to make holes in the canvas for the
When this
of t lie young. Plants by their decay
experiments proved to bis satisfaction that the J>mph would alter bone tempt for the prison who runs and ^ j
structure and remove the excess of tells
needle to pass through was done we were ready for the rope, which we cut in double lengths, seven
n l inorg i me mat-
up organic The latter his been taken from
BOUGH ON HORSES.
During the American Civil War, Ihe Confederate Cavalry used up its holies at the rate of 11 per man in 12 months. It is estimated that the English mounted forces in South Af-wil 1 need four remounts per man during the lemainder of the campaign.
if
Women never enjoy an intellectual
salts in the bone# of the aged, increasing blood vessels and gelatin, that fatty infi'trution and degeneration in the heart muscle and voluntary muscle could be largely removed, and that the animaH would become more active, experience less difficulty in breathing, stronger and of greatly improved appearance.
COMPOSITION OF THE LYMPH.
ti e so:i
by the decay the plant and makes no actual addition to the land. During 4 he decomposition of vegetable matter. however, both nitric arid and ammonia are used as manure
can only be returned to it
woman who does not know how to
for each end, fastening nut*, fringe fashion, into each ring. We then separated the strands, seven on a I side, lapped the ends over one another to form a loop, and wound them tightly with fine wire. When this was done, the loop was closed, and firmly fastened with some of the heavy cord, and our hummock was ready for use. It is much stronger than any of the "store” one*, and cost less than a dollar. It is not as showy, perhaps, but it will not fade if left out in the rain, nor will there be any danger of the children breaking it down, or any meshes to pull out of I shape. For summer camps it is ju*t the thing.
dress.
A wise mother never criticises the conduct of her children before strangers.
A woman out never to marry unless she loves a man better than any one else in the world—better than
rica
pro luced. Green crops,
act therefore only as agents in advance of the crop which Ls to follow, gathering in matters and assimilating plant food, leaving the same in available form for the

F ILL HOUSE
Ye«, he started a hotel and he’s made a hit, too
NUMEROUS TIMES.
Lit tie Mike, nursing his aching jaw —Feyt her, did yea iver hov a toot* pulled!
McLubberty, encouragingly — Hundreds av ’em, me b y; hundreds av 'em.
In the early part of 181/7 Roberta lmd perfected uis present method to a certain degree, by which he could maintain the lymph and organic extrade In an active condition for an indefinite period. IIh final product w as a lymph composed of the entire coûtent» of the thoracic duct, recep-tai ulum chyii and ly mphatic glands of a five-anu-u-hi1. If-iiHuil Us-old Roc-ky Mountain goal extracted before death; entire contents of a certain giund of a one-year-old goat and two-and-one-ha If-years-old bull taken before death; extracts from lymphatic giands taken before death of a fixe-and-one-half-months’ old goat ; extracts from cer-vicie cord and from certain glands of a five-and-u-ha If-months-old goat taken immediately after death. This lytnikh is purified, fumigated and made perfectly antiseptic by being passed through retorts.
Thus far the experiments made have been conducted with great care, and the enthusiasts for the new discovery H&—¦! can’t understand you women, claim IkaK in it they have found ml-For instance, a girl will cry at her most a specific f<»r chronic articular	A ‘ L RE THING.	again emphasise, aliho;g|.
chronic neuralgia, l0CO* Time Will tell, said Mr. Wiseman, get none of ft* mineral muter Irom motor ataxia, hemiplegia, epastic p ira- in oracular tones.	the air, as it doe* much of its nit
She—Yes, hut she realizes that she phlegia, neuritis, progressive mueeu- Mr. So utdrop sniffed and observed: and must take bas loet her lover.	t atrophy, primary dementia, imbe- j If Time doesn’t, some woman will
suc-
You know the old-
cec ling crop, which feeds rapidly and
more easily from the decomposing 'established place across the »»»««! tubs ances containing its fool thin it advertised itself as a hotel with a 1 could possibly do directly from the natural soil. In grain crop* this is
the comforts of Lome.
Yes.
Well, he advertised his place as a hotel without the discomforts of home.
an .tuportant matter and it is especi ally important in shot
BEGINNING AND END OF MAN'S
REIGN.
Did your wife scold you when you came home so hue last night?
You don't know what it is to have a wife who was once a school teacher. She simply made me write 100 times on a slate, I must be at home by 10 o’clock.
reasons, w here i he early, vigorous growth of young
plants is an essential element to their full maturity in the time allowed by the season. Aided to th s, the grain crop which makes a quick growth when young and has every element of plant food ready to roots begin, to spread will and
MUST ARBITRATE.
New Zealand has a law making it compulsory in all disputes between capital and labor for the disputants to submit to arbitration.
PALATIAL COW CAR.
Experts recommend the use of milk from the same cow, and hence the little daughters of the Czar take their cows with them when they travel. During the visit of the Czar to Germany a palatial cow car, with two Holstein cows, was attached to the imperial train.

Reels Served with Cream —We are all familiar with oickled beet root, but try them diced and served with a cream dressing. Young beets will cook In about half an hour, after they begin to boil, and should always be put into boiling water. When done, remove. and plunge into cold water and remove the skin ; dice, and put into a skillet with a rich cream sauce. Add
hand as its go ahead combat overtake
A POOR JOB.
Yes, he’s the architect of his fortunes.
Indeed I I don’t see bow be evej got the building permit.
NONE BETTER.
Military engineers are agreed that material for fortification is superior to earth.
successfully avoid <»i diseases and dangers which the puny plant whirfo has to gle hard for existence
EASY TOR HIM.
Well, my daughter, said the man with the round face, has married a boy, I think, will be able to send his name ringing down the corridors of time all right.
I’m glad to hear that, his companion replied. Let’s see, whom did she marry?
A young fellow named Bell.
owi.
strug-tn the early •lays of its growth. These considers-
lions aliovn us th* many benefits which may be looked for from
VEGETABLE SHOES.
A London bootmaker bus patented a shoe made expressly for vegetarians. It is made of vegetable production.
a little bit of sugar.
Turnips are delicious diced and dressed with butter, pepper salt and vinegar, served hot. Radishes are beautiful served in chopped ice. Use the round radishes having the skin cut
any system of green manuring, but with clover - ;
have the added advantages whioh have been previously alluded to in this article. One thing, boue
ue
no
NOT INCONSISTENT.
we would
c over ran
ver
A COMi'ORTINti SPECTACLE
a little and turned down like arose These served ** lettuce leaves or gar- 1 wedding just as if ehe were losing a n bIicmI with persley make a most de- husband instead of getting one. lightful and artistic adjunct to the
It did your cold good to go «nd see the doctor! I knew it would.
o^en,
'M all other crops do. from tbg earth, there ie this dif- have
cold l&af I
Yes; he’s got a worse
table
###PAGE###3###




THE T AIUIFST FAMILY
Then I use I he engle-elaw cultivator for the first and ewound plowing!, and for the third or Inst plowing take off the eagle claws and put on the gangs with the four big shovels like thorn better for laying by corn, as they cover everything up ground be rolling, l prefer the little shovels, us (he ground would not wash so badly. There is something in good seed corn and something in manure, but the main point in raising a corn crop is knowing how and sticking to
ALWAYS A WINNER
THE INFUSION OP
The ihike of Parma has a larger family than any other Prime in Eur-By hie first wife, a Princess of B<mrbon-Sici!y, he had nine children, ail of whom survive ex» ejit the eldest, the lute Princess of Bulgaria. By him second wife, who was a Princess of Brnganza, and a eimter of the here-
SALUA
CEYLON GREEN TEA
ie superior to that of the finest Japan tea grown.
LUDELIA
0%n
I
LIEBIG 5 FIT CIRE
Will earn Epilepsy, Fits, I.VIteaDaneeaedFelllne Slelr. earn ATRIAL BOTTLEaantFRE ALL CHARGE to any sufferer seeding V os their name ape address ana mentioning this paper.
^ÀWreseTh# LIEBIG CO.
¦ is. ITS King |t.W., ¦Tim '	fomnte.
Should
oa T LOW XB1A. haa the reputation of being the most regular Id quality.
»,	toe
Lead Package#
E of
dit»iy Grand Ditedwww of Luxemburg lie ha» nine more children, the youngest daughter toeing only Just a year old. Ife has. therefore, had a family
_	_ ...	......	.. w of 18 children, of whom 17 «till *ur-
Barry Sullivan, I be Irish t rugedian, v|vo
was playing in Richard 1 IL some years
ago at Shrewsbury. When the actor t ,
to the lines, A hor.se, a boreal
THIRTIETH ANNUAL MEETING
PROMPTLY At'CLPTKD
it.
The Ontario Mutual Life Assurance Company.
W PC 10ÎH
CONCERNING VERMIN.
We are now entering the long heated term of summer and we must be on the lookout for those things which cause so much lose among the young poultry. It is very discouraging to hutch a considerable number of chicks, and as the season advances, to have
CALVERTS
came
My kingdom for a horse I some one in the pit called out:
Wouldn't a donkey
Ite Banner Year—Advancing all Along the Line—A Moat Suoceeeful
Gathering-A PoHoy-Holder’s Company.
Carbolic Disinfectants, Boape, Olnt ment, Tooth Powder», «to., have been do Mi. Sulli- awarded 100 medals and diploma* for superior
i excellence. TbHr regular u*o prevent infect! 00» dlaensfa». A»k your dealer to obtain * supply. Liât» mat ltd free or application.
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
¦ NOLAND.
r
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
van f
Yes, responded the tragedian, turning quickly on I he interrupter. Pieuse come around to the stage door.
TbsifchlrMe'h annual m-fln* of fcht* growing Company wae held In 11» new and eleven | Hoard (loom on Thursday, M*y 24,1900, utl p m The aà end a no» war, as tt-ttat. large unn f fie proceed! ge were oberscterlstd by the greate>4 harmony and *apr>t. The lJ,etlde t, Mr Roq erl Melvie. of Guelph, occupied the ohair, and among tl.ee» pieeem, in t.ddilloo to Mr Iwl. nuperlntendenl snù tiie (' ra.>»ny • sgeete. we n >lioed Alfred Hoikio U.C. ; H. M
Q. U., M.P. ; V. 0. Hruoe. J. Kerr Flakes, HA.; K P. C ament W J. Kidd, BA. ; Geo. A. Somerville, Hon. J. T. ((arrow. U. C. ; Wry. Holder, Jet. Hope, Ur. Webb, Rev. Mr Ollohrlsk A. Millar, Q.C. ; George Moore, u. ceen, George Die bel. Mayor ; Frank Halgbt, L. Gray bill, and others.
On motion, Mr. W. H. Riddell, Wee re'ary of Ihe Company, a ;ted as eecretary of the i and at the request of the President read
THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT:
2
r. K
MANOHISTIIV
Brit
their ranks decimated through some
IN THE ORCHARD
FOR SALE.
MATUItAL HEN INCUBATOR, 100 100 HATCH-¦* EU, coeteonly |2. plan of oouetiaction |1
A.ViOKEHS. Calgary, Alberta.
II ¦	—I » I I ¦¦ * • —	¦ — - ¦¦
oversight ur carelessness. it seem a I.
Tl^re i.t » gen.n.1 concensus of	optn	m(,„ ,	waste of time and .pace to	, b|qw Blrong flin<y) Nervi|ine., la the
Ion among good fruit	growers	tnat	, mention	the great losses among chicks	markete Nerviline is the great nerve,
there Is profit in the	business if	con-	through	vermin, yet we feel compelled	pain cure. Its penetrating and pain
ducted properly, hut	not more	than	to do so	at the present time. Numbers	subduing power is such that relief is
every other man follows the business 0f |etters have reached us complaining	t a	n	t	a	neo	us. Try it and be
with a Just conception of its needs. 0f losses with chicks, and we find that ° lD *
While local differences may mu seventy-five per cent, of them may be rules and advice concerning crops and attributed to lice. Now, it seems to methods of culture inapplicable for nil jjUrt the pride of some when we tell sections, there is, nevertheless, cer- them their birds are lousy, but it is, tain advice that will be of service all nevertheless over the country
points of success in detail it is noces- tion is not taken, the best of fowls béai ry in the first place to give not only com„ |ousy> and it needs constant, good tillage to the fruit trees and careful fighting to keep the lice down, bushes during the growing season, but These pests ire the greatest draw.
Intelligent and methodical cultiva- backs of poultry keeping, and one ran
tion. Let the experience of one >**11 not be too careful to be free of them, teach something that will make the
work of the next more satisfactory.
The Trade Winds
meet.
In g
LAW SKiSr
Tour Directors respectfully eubmll for your consideration fcbelr report of the business for the year ending Dec. 31, H99.
nMA.fAM eooke, Roearlee, Ore. I	Are plea-ed to Inform yon that the business wee of the most gratifying character, and
wn nnrriyp OF it	vcLlllOIIU rio-VOr elfliee. ••agulare. 111 volume oxveoded that of any year In the history of the Company. Our surplus wai tufficienl
«V lA/uui vr ix.	Ecllgleie Piétons. ItaUnrr sail C'kureb Ornemente* » enable u* to co Ulnae the e»me liberal scale of surplue distribution te policy holder* as la
Your new servant girl seems to b.	^	|
slow but sure.	- '-	!	A Dpi ¦ eat lone numbering * 813. for $4.484.748 Insurance, were reo Ived of which for
Ob. yes; I presume she’ll break what POULTRY, BUTTER. ECC8, APPLES, ^ti,T-‘o*«1 i'io'"\?iWKe«,7e* ic^a!rV.^4 ^r c“T'oi
bricabrao there is left if we give her M^TOomarcZ ^3^
time.	«or WM,.^So,* O.IO.ra, «.. Tor»..,	|	‘
m I».
There is 'no
To go into these going behind it; when every preoauh
s fact
Mme,; 1169,174.71 ; Ma»urt2 durplue, |76,8o0.;8; An nul tien, S3
oollo. and utile beet remedy f >r diarrhoea. 25c e buttle. H ,id by all druggists throughout the world. He mire and aek (or " Mrs. Winslow’* booth iug Syrup.
.WooDi Photo Engraving
The surplus over all liabilities oa the Company's Standard Actuaries' 4 per cent. #302,* 965 M; on ti e Joveremeni Stai-dard hm. 4* per cent, #491 191 00.
At the last soseien of the Dominion Parliament) ihe Government amended the Insurance Aol» giving muoL larger ecoie for the inrestmeul of money, and raising the standard of Re* curve from 41 p<r cent, to 8* per ceiu. Met . the latter amendment to t,u gradval, and to te accomplished within flfe*B year*. The a» end menu we believe »o be In the rMP direction, I AUmuS» r, | I sad la Ihe best interests of polloy bolder*. We hare at present a bill before the Dominion Par-
Dyeing I Cleaning 11
the f urth Thursday In May bo the first Thursday In Mar h.
“ BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO." ! Mr. George Davidson, who hid be n < ne of < ur eeditore for hooio years, and whp perform-Look for agent In your town, or mend direct. , *d the duties of that office to the complote satisfaction of the policyholders and the Board,
Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec. |	Si"
eomo neooseary to have a monthly audit. This ti now being done, and a report l« submitted to Cl	I	DO	CI	I DC	D*e Board a' each meeting.
¦	U	nOi	F	V no.	Interest on our Investments woe promptly met; our fund# were kept well invested, and the
_n<f	rate of interest d d not vary materi lly from that of 1899. With the increased field for invest-
porser anoeipor. er or ment wkioh the amended Insurance Aot gives, we may for some time continue to earn a rate Furs and >klns. Con* about equal to that earn'd at present, ligaments solicited. High- For tome time the accommodation In the office ha» been quite Inadequate, and an addition est prices paid for ginsing. ha* been made thereto, sufficient, we think, to meet our requirement* for many yee tw vnnvQrtv	During the year we io*t by death a muon valued and re*peoted member of tho fi
_ n* uvu«bu^i,	Tayl r. Mr. Taylor was a member of the Board of Director sand let Vice-President from ihe
404 St. Paul street, Montreal* Inception of the Company up till the time of hie death, and be will be much missed by his Fellow-Directors. Mr. william Holder, of Waterloo, wai appointed Diieolorin his stead.
You will bo called uupn to elect four Directors in the place of Hon. F W. Borden, W, J. Kidd Wro. 8 llder and R. Melvin, whose term of office has expired, but all of whom are eligible for ye election.
R. Mblvin, President.
9k
I
$
I
I
F
NOT EASILY DISTURBED.
Nothing seem» to disturb the average policeman.
No; they carry their don’t worry clubs around with them.
In fact, one is never free of them, but they may he kept within control. Just now they are becoming what needs he feared, an army of invasion, ami the sooner you begin cleaning the premises and providing for them, (he I Iwtter off you will be when the season | Is over.
For ib# vary haateeod your work to the
Good cultivation, which can beet be done by planting forage crops in the late summer and covering them under in the faring. Such green crops help to keep the land warm in winter, and Improve the mechanical conditions of Trees and tender vines and bushes
should be done after some system (hat
will make it simple but effective. A |rQ
grower of larger quantities of fruits IM I	11
must have work of t hi kind so system- Ena |i Q 11 IT| Q Y S Ç Igi
atized that it can be done with the E 3 11 Q || 111 Q || 0118 •
¦
LOOK TO THE STEP.
A person in robust health walks with bus toes pointed to the front while one with his health on the wane gradually turns his toes to the side, and a bend is perceptible.
* State or Ohio, City lf Toledo. \
Luca* County.	I
Frank J. Chbnky wakes oath that he le senior partner of ihe firm of F. J. OHRWSY « Co., doing bu»lne»« in the City of Toledo,
o? on'k *
LARS for e«oh and every oaee of Çatamhh that cannot le cured by the me# of Hall's
CATAHKH c:u»«.	ri(ANK Je
Sworn to before me and nu» scribe' In inr prase nod, this 6th day of	^ '
• mal :	Notary Publto.
Hail'*Ôatarrh Carets taken internally, and act* directly on the blood and mucous Hurfaoee
the	a
Sold by Druggists, 76c.
Hall * Family ITUs are the best.
THAT WAS ALL.
Are there no eggs with the ham for breakfast thus morning? asked the Observant Boarder.
No, replied the Cross-Eyed Boarder; this Is a ham and eggless breakfast.
CORN SOWING
Im
Raw
It
ore
card. C. M
Brass Band
regularity and swiftness of a machine.
When growing season comes the orchard must be protected from the worms, blights, mildews and other
There is no half-hearted
PRK8IDKNT8 ADDRESS
Is Uric Acid Id the blood. Unheall cause there.
as they should thev •train the Uric Ai of the system and rheumatism wouldn't occur. Rheumatism le s Kidney Disease. Dodd’s Kidney Pill# have made a great part of their reputation curing Rheumatism. So get ut the eau** of those fearful •hooting pains and stiff, aching joints. There fts but one sure way-
instrument», Drums, Uniforms, Etc
¦	—,	.	—	. Ib moving the adoption of the report, the Presidont e*id the business was In every re»p*e9
Every	town	O&n	MRV6 R O&no	saUsfactory, And efcseds I ha' of any ocher year In th ; history of the rompant The an oust
MuelO	Or	Musical	Instruments.	with other oonipanles in reiweol to the aiaoent added. Tb e te«t of business Is nvi ihe amount
Toronto, Ont, snl	of new Iowuranoe issued, but the amount added in proportion to the amount issued during ihe
Winnipeg, Mae	year and that previously In force. By this test the past year wa* rhe most successful > ear In
oar history. In every other respect that denotes prosperity and stability, tbe operations of the year were ure-sminent. we added to our Income. II IT 481.54 ; to ouv reserve $485,281.70 ; to surplus III fl'i 40 ; to aseSte 1027.423.9/ ; and paid $76,150.28 in surplus to pol Joy holders, an in* erease of $1,816 w over amount paid in 186$.
Our death mte oo itioues to bi much below the egpaotak on. and was more than met by reel on investments by the sum of $26,145.17 ; the cash surrenders were $7,529 less than And lapse rale la proportion to amount of Insurance Issued and in force was also much
hy kidneys of the acid being If the kidneys acted
are the
pests
work that will do this, hut every ounce of poison used in spraying should he for a purpose and intelligently applied. A good deal of J money is wasted In spraying the name as considerable is thrown away in applying fertilizers. If you do not know what the spraying is for it is better to leave it alone until you do. Study and observe the work of others. There
1 would cld out
NKY
Whaley Royoe A Co.,
I
JUS
l
j»,
With regard te increasing the standard of reserve required under the new Insurance Ac ora four and a half per cent, to three and a half par cent., I have no hesitancy In saying thai t will not trouble The Ontario Mutual Life muon to comply with the terras of the Act long fore the time given ; la fact w ire it deemed advisable it could be done at once, or with la a tsry shi fl time, yd still leave * very handsome surplus.
At the end Of the third decade of the Company s mis cry It may be interest’## to look back ever that peiûod and note the pioxrs » that hai bee# made and what the results have been to our polley bold ere. On February u, 1871. the tiret annual meeting was held, the report show-lie receipts amounting to $4.946.61 and expenditures $8.481 66, leaving a balance of cash assets efit47e.ll aad dfisfoslng total as et# of $4.743 37. What has been accomplished since may be gleaned from the follow lag seenuaryt Total premium income from 1870 to 1900, $8.489.678 81 ; fleaOi claims piild £1,781,Sf7.it: eedewmeite and annuities paid, |387.880.74 - surplus paid to policyholders, $988,fit? flf; teial paymohli to pelloyheJders. fc,813,917.99. wnlle oa January X, iPW>, the^ CoroynS^ hwli ,j^^e,ve *** lhe security of nod belonging to Its policyholders the
tsTooneliston 1 feel assured that yen wig agree has Ul Rail the elements that constitute a strong and progressive Company, that it $as dbejh AS Well, If not belter, for Ith policyholders tea# any other Company, and that il fans rèoeivM to the past and déserve» In to # fu’ure the fallest confidence of the public.

F
:
E
i
la no question more important to fruit growers than that of thinning out fruit. It is hard for some people to pull off fruit that might he sold at a profit. But the era of the poor fruit has gone by forever, and to secure first-class fruit it is necessary to thin out many from every tree. By rigidly applying such a system, one is bound to get fancy fruits that will command the highest market prices. These fancy fruits are the ones that 1 make the profits in the beat markets. If we spend as much time in raising fancy fruits as we do in cultivating Inferior kinds we will surely find a way to make something more than e living. Fancy fruit pecked and mar- 1 keted properly will always find purchasers even when other fruit is a drug in the market. Sometimes it is necessary to find special markets i
Dodd’s
Kidney
with me, that The OeUrio Matual Life
Pills
la a prooema conducted by the agency —.	^	i »a
The Canada Permanent
agency of Putnam's Painless Corn Extractor, the only safe and sure-pop corn cure. Putnam's Extractor Is now widely Imitated. Beware of all
Jonea, where are you going to IP0'»0»0'*» and lore producing subeti-
1tutes.
?ICE-PRBdlDBNTS ADDRB48.
and Western Canada	RlfCi
Mortgage Co rporatlon. SÎÎ7X .V.MÆ.'
ef the Oa taris Mulial Life are admitted to be among the very best end safest In ihe Dominion. The year 1SW vu a Banner year In the history of the Cempnnv, and he congratulated the management and the agesey staff upee the oneoeeo achieved. He had no doubt thal it would continue lo be the Ambition of all eonneo'ed with the ieati ution to maintain the high character which the Company enjoys for fair and honorable dealing# not only with Its pwlicyholder8,bu$ with all others floing business with It.
Mr. 6 la Britten. Q.O., M P.. 2nd Vice-President, deetrsd to congratulate the policy* holders on this the list birthday of our Most Gracious Msjeety the Queeu, aid on what may be considered the wth birthday of the Company, which is very generally admitted to be the Q Of all Canadian Life Companies. This Is Indeed a “ growing time In Canada, and success seems to be In (he air. The progress of the Ontario Mutual Life dur n; if96 was eminently • I HOD Hon 1 satisfactory, and with a new, appropriate, and more comprehensive name rod with the new i|WV|WV j impulse that the rapidly-developing industries and prosperity of Canada impart, we may
I reasonably expect the buslneee of the current year to fully equal, if not exceed, that of 1899. »f	.	» I and that the steady Increase whteh has marmed our career In the past may continue to the end
money to Loan of the chapter. He noted among other points that the Company's income is over —	I day, and that It pays out in losses over $500 a day. He expressed the regret *f Dr.
Deposits Received j n0t being able to be present, and touched on the bill the Company now has be*ore Parliament
and Internat Allowed Mr. 0eo A- Somerville, manager of The Huron k Erie Loan and Savings Como any. heart* na i	o	ily concurred with all that had been said by previous speakers in regard to the Manager, the
—	Secretary and Head Office staff, the Superintendent and Agency staff, and thought that the
Debentures Issued Company had reason to be proud of such officers and agents.
/
A TOPIC PREMATURELY PRESENTED.
Canada Permanent Building,
Toboxto St., T0RONTO.
Winnipeg, Man., Vansouvsr, BO, St John, N.0
escape the summer heat f
- >
Escape the summer heat V Great gov. In Portugal married women retain
or nor I I’m busy just now escaping the their maiden names, collector for the man who furnished my winter heat.

Spawos Orrro
MONTRIAL HOTEL PIBICTOIY
Capital Paid Up, $6,000,000 Reserve Fund
The " Balmoral," Free Su#
AvfeMtiA nHWii-RSis-aa^d’ea
— -.... zi r™	fe
Some kinds of corn will do better able* at objects it sees imperfectly. Was the strike a a access, Mike! g. H. Beatty, than others on certain soils, writes	Ho, begorry, there was nivver a Man#* Dir etw-
ee rLmmagti jurin' the whole ar it. “a*tor ® Lee'
HORSES REQUIRE LIGHT
»
To keep a hort*e in a dark stable for such products, but in the end our foi cruel to the animal and dangerous reward will more than repay for the ! to its owner. The energy given to the work

HARROWING CORN
in Sterling and Cur rreocy.
MANAGERS ADDRESS.
Necessarily ths premium rates of all companies were required to be adjusted on th » new ¦ttim'ard. and nearly all Canadian companies increased their rates to accord with this change, difficulty will, therefore, be experienced in complying with the law. so far a* new business in concerned As to the business issued prior to Jan. 1000, the hange lo the higher basis may be made in two steps :
1.	From an 1 after 1910 all such business must be valued on a 4 per cent, basis, and
2.	From and after 1916 oo a 31 per cent, basis.
Tie law, therefore, allows 15 years in which to bring all the old business to the ultimate stsnduid of *4 per con*., snd it Is no: anticipated tha’ any of the existing Canadian companies will have, or ought to have, any Just ground for objection to tht* important change In the Act.
Five years ago our Directors decided that, in view of the declining rate of interest obtain* hbe on first-class securities, such an Life Companies were then empowered to invest in, our liabilities should be computed on a 4 psr cent, b isis. which ha* since then been the Company's Standard. We have, therefore already taken the first step in fuldlmen of the law. which we wou d not be com felled to take ui til 1010.
On reference to the Abstract of Statements for 1899. I find that out of the IT Companies reporting to the Dominion Insurance Department, only raven of them value their liabilities upon a 4 per cent, ora higher ba*K the ether-* udnx the present Government Standard of 4| per o*‘Dt. for the who e or part of their business. Out of tue seven referred to, three are new Companies, wiih very little basinets upon their books, leaving but four old Companies thal have voluntarily adop ed the higher standard. Our position in thin respect is, therefore, very satisfactory, showing that the in ere*t* of onrgmlfcyholders arm carefully safeguarded.
With regard to the second star, namely, frr m 4 to 3$ per cent., it will be seen that we have fifteen years in which this may be made, and I may say that there will be no difficulty In accomplishing it lo g before the expiration of the required time. This con'd be done at once, and stlil leave a substantial surplus over all liabilities, but this I do not consider necessary under existing circumstances.
I am of the opinion that Injustice to thote policyholders who either by the terms of thciy policies, or by de*th or otherwise, withdraw from tue Company in the near future, a sudden change in ihe Reserve should not be made, as these would necessarily be deprived of a fair share of surplus that they wou d otherwise receive.
CHANGE OF NAME.
B. P. Clan ent, Esq , barrister, Berlin, considers.: tne time opportune for a change lo the name of the Company, when the cur ain leabouV to drop, closing behind it th« 19th century, aud when a new cen ury is about 11 dawn upon m with, we hope, boundless opprt uni tics to continue and enlarge this Company's operations during the in ioming century the fln-6 Mutual Lire Company chartered by Canadian Legislature, and is still the only purely mutual native life company In Canada, no n Te appropriate name could be selected than "The Mutual Life Assurance Company rt Canada." and he had, therefore, great pleasure lo movirg, seconded by W. J. Kidd. B. A., Ottawa, the following ree -lution :
" That this annual general meeting of hm policyholders of the Ontario Mutual Life A saur-nee Company hereby expresses It* entire com urrenoe in the provisions of the bill now before the Dominion Parliament for the change in t-i© name of the Camp my to The Mutual Life A Amir* mo* Coir.psny of Cat ad a, and the «hange of Ihe date of the annual meeting, and rtquvets that the members of both Houn-a of Parliament will support the passage of the bill.'*
The retiring Directors and Auditor* were re-elected.
VOTES OF THANKS.
4
Mr. F. E. Bradley. I have been experimenting with seed corn for mix years and have a variety that 1 plant
MOTOR CARS
Motor cars registered in Paris
thin soil that will outyield any corn I her 3,701 ; the suburbs of Paris, 1,219; ever saw, while I plant a different in the rest of France, 2,455; in the variety on strong land. In selecting whole of Germany, 1,427; in the whole seed corn I take my wagon and drive of England. 600 ; in the United States, out to the field before there is any leap than 300.
on
num-
*
j
Take a basket, go through
frost
the field and pick the medium-sized and well-developed ears from the beat Stalks
the ears together with twine and hang them up where they can dry out before a freeze comes. In this way I have never missed a good stand of
RULERS’ INCOMES.
Russia's Czar has an income of £200 per hour, the Sultan £170, the Emperor of Austria £100, the Kaiser £90. the King of Italy £66. Queen Victoria the same, the French President £50. and thf King of the Belgian* £17.
a**\JL	cfo
When I get 4 or 5 bu 1 tie
r
*
¦*nrn
Corn followed by oats, is the proper way to raise a good corn crop, unless it ahopkl be to plant on sod. Where so
hiake • mistake is to plant the j	that if fbe Berlin police should
f
C OLORS OF HOUSES
Three German Court* recently de-
PAINTS f
Yes—the beat made;
They’re easily handled and Vtcffc smoothly, evenly, without streak* or dullness. If you want good ( color and paints that last through sun and storm, use
Easily
Handled...
many
same field to corn three or four years I	a°y particular color erhemeof
In succession, and of course always a bouse to be improper or too gaudy
Corn, they could order the painter to change
plow the ground in the spring after corn is what wears out land. One I it
A* our* was
1
year small grain and then one year will never woar out land, if you will
•v
BILLIONS OF BICYCLES

RAMSAY’S
PAINTS
feed the land and keep it up. Stubble
ground is clear of stalks and trash and I H00 bicycle* h ive been made in Rur
ope and America.
It ia estimated tbit about 2.000.000
m

can be tended muoh better and with less labor than stalk ground. Proper-
1, fitting the ground before planting a„no.d. were fir.t di.covexed In Is the most important part of corn s^th Africa in 1857 culture.
The harrow Is my main tool in tending small corn. First the ground There are 5,400 squares miles of coal should be perfectly level, so the plant- field» in Great Britain.
sr will run at a uniform depth and give an even stand of corn. I keep
the harrow running from Ihe breaking I Every German regiment hie a chlr-qiow until Use earn gets 4 in high, opodisit in i's ranks.

SOUTH AFRICAN DIAMONDS
r
made with exactness, from years of experience, with just the proper proportions of the proper materials

¦MH»
BRITAIN'S COAL FIELDS

15E* win i
I
REORGANIZATION OK THE BOARD.
,1 iSS2sSS?"^« %
FOOT DOCTORS
/
z<


###PAGE###4###
V




w
AXTF.D
es IPI
cigo.	¦ • vu,e
THE EQUITY.
Public Notice.
THE MARKETS.
NIASSE Y-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
« . . SHAWVILLE .
f QtU'hvC, ) Municipality of Clarendon. i CuMit noiii vis hereby given that there win l*o held on Monda \, lhi- Vth day uf July, nineteen hundred’, at the hour of ten in the morning. at the town hull, in the village prietors

SH AW VILLE.
SHAWViLLE, JUNE 2 1, 1900.
Wheat
litlanl) at mill, Uû t 4 per Mishel, 2(1 to 27o.
46 per hushi'î, (XI to CGc.
I'gLrs, per tloi
0
. \
o i
On
Clearing1
SALE of Millinery.
IV
- | e
lit
EDITORIAL NOTES.
w ville, a meeting of the pro tnte o this municipality, upon t!te \ al nation Itoll i all their v liool taxes and ions, to proceed with the of two school commissioners in end stead of James t\ Aim s Prtu	l -
e lm> expired, iie tills eighteen mud red.
IllV.li MA I’m
f Si
Hut ter, per pound, 14 to I.V. >ol, per pound, Id to lSo.
.
DO YOU WANT
V5>
\V
1 ho St. James Oazjtte, (L mdo ») a 1- UJ vises the recall of the li Tint journal cou suivra the e;i2echea which the Minister < f Public \V rhs his the unfortunate faculty ef making abn aJ, would be less olleiihive if delivered n. Ottawa.
i '
' !
iV.t

r+ I
I ~
>. vat
ou. J. 1. Tarte
nti
c.dfo
in



I 14
'Ve

A WAC
11
Vi Mill
' HM'i v,. 4 1 IllMl
For Service.
î 1
jn
. i
i »
tl


ofi ?r for 8< rvico
îfii' Sln itliorn Hull,
•“t Vernon..Ont. IV< it n î etiuct ion w ill in
of

## U
.

A
V vui'.i
vllîl*eM
%. 1
As Mr. Tarte ta i tried t c >ming 1. >me shot ally arises, has ho been sent f. r because of the recklessness c>r his longue, or d.-ea Sir Wilfrid want him at Ida elbow to \ re-ptre for the elections that are expected to come otf shortly.
I
THAT WILL STAND
I mu now offering
I
$1.00 pvt iivtiiv to t
y, the question î.aiur-
f ?
rr AT COST
ir 11r
t\-
• 11 y
ii*»*

NOTICE
N.>.îl. R
l-lmumlon,
K. T. HROWX'UiR, FRANK A U MST R O
IXti
t lu* whole of my large
•*t»ck of I'Vshton-“•'il' Millinery consisting of
HATS, BONNETS,
SILKS, VELVETS,
L AXES, CHIFFONS,
VEILINGS, FLOWERS FEATHERS,

Whom It Mav V
IT
the test on any kind oZ road ?
rn :
U
» t
li V V.
"f.
Mon lay the 2nd July being Dominion Day (a holiday* the Vlaremlon Council will meet at ten of the clock TucMltty, t l»o .‘li d of July. I'd ti, instead of Mondav tin* 2nd.
H. MATHSON,
LORD VELYO,
l
The Bain Waggon
“ Fighting Joe " Martin has accepted the inevitable in British Columbia, and relinquished the reins of government ; and, thus it is looked upon, got his friend Governor M cl tines out of a pretty tight corner. The Governor promptly called on Mr. James Dunimuir, to form a government, and the latter has succeeded in I d ing so, choosing men from the several political parties who opposed Martin in ihe late election, and accomplished his overthrow.
The new premier is a Conservative in Dominion politics, and the wealthiest I man in the province. He has very ex tensive mining interests and employs a arge amount of labor.

Has proven a success all over the world. There
Black Stallion, Foaled Sept. 3,1395. are hundreds of them in use at the present time
with the Imperial troops in South Africa, made by the Bain Waggon Co. of Canada. We are offering the people of Pontiac the same Waggon at reasonable prices.
Sev.-Tress.
28,911
All of the irjost Stylisfi and Up-to-Date Nature.

Farmers !
DEERjfiC
Standard Bred and Registered.
Sired by the Champion and Easiest Trotting Stallion owned in Canada, the great
• J
As circumstances compel my early retirement from business sale will continue at cost price until the whole stock i8 sold out.
GENEVA, 8,345,
Trial
2.08.
R v m 1 v: !8BD, 2.11-1
I FIRST DAM - VELVETEEN,
I Race Record 2.31}. Standard bred and registered. 64 See extended pedigree on card.
MRS. tycWILLIAMS,
Shawville.
BINDERS MOWERS HAY RAKES
9
9
and
SMART & SMITH.
Hus great Colt stands 10.2 hands high, weighs over 1200 pounds and has shewn a 2 minute clip. He will he one of the fastest horses in America. Having large size and height, possessing extreme speed being royally bred, this horse is the best type to prod me the horses needed by the country, to wit : the roadster, carriage and general purpose horse.
}
MO DIFFERENCE.
ARE THE BEST MADE. (Fully guaranteed.)
and
The judicial commission appointed ’ey 1 OU CRU get tllGIll US Well ilS
the government to investigate the election weH as all killds of Farming
frauds which has been perpetrated in T ,	.	,	_	.	8
several Ontario constituencies since the!	Binder Twine,
Stoves, Ranges, &c.
E. T. MARTIN'S, IMPLEMENT DEPOT LADYSMITH.
P. S.—Buggies, IVIowers and Binders.
The fact that the name of
our place of business has been changed from Park man to Starke's Corner* makes no diff»»retire with us.
We are still in the old stand, doing bual-Bo** on the same fair, square dealing lines and ever ready to meet the requirements of our customers.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NEW AND COMPLETE
STOCK OF

LORD V EL VO will make a season, beginning 1st of May, standing as follows :
Monday at Bryson,
Tuesday at McGuire's Hotel, Shawville.
Thursday, at Kelly’s Hotel, Campbells Day.
Remainder of the week at Bryson.
Service Fee -JlO-payable at time of service.
Liberals attained power at Ottawa, is not after all to have the free hand which the Premier led people to expect when he laid the proposal before the House a few weeks ago. The very powers which the commission would require am essential to the thoroughness of the investigation, are exactly those which Sir Wilfrid, seconded by his followers In Parliament, say the commission shall not have. So that instead cf being enabled tc get at the hot tem cf the crookedness which has been
iffil Patent Express
Buggy Wheels

AS
t-:i Our prices and terms defy com pvt i til)!!.
I
1 ' S'
and


S. A. MACK AY, Manager, Bryson, Que.
; :;</
\
The Two Dollar Gruel.
Summer

/
j L- v
(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
Oat gallant Canadian soldiers in South Africa are txp -sed to worse dangers tlun
EB
Canadian affairs, the honorable judges their command ?e urnecessary privation to whom the task has been delegated, or risk of starvation, but they and their will have to content themselves with half ‘ u	i tHcers may be depending,
thMru.h, which iü	I, M.ed%/uh%Cn,'%wWlh!.y
little better than falsehood. The ir.ci- Among the supplies they have dont shews that whatever their short* thousand tins, c mtainmg 2,3dC pounds of comings are in other respects, the Liberal '• euier£eil{7 ^°d. I he labels un the
leaders cannot be charged with the ir.div ! /Iweinll' Venable* rroteid Pow cretion of directing ba'l cartridge against der,’ or “ Vitalina/’ and the labels their own rank and fik*.	the big b xes containing the tins att
forth that uj this emergency food Can-
The Br,*,: A locate, la
fair in its deductions, seems to 123 to have H *w much truth there is upon the gone some it of its way last * k and how much nourishment in the
f ought to be promptly settled by a Parlia-1 mentary investigation. Bending such an investigation Heaven help cur troops if present time exists in East India, where in any emejgancy they are cul ed upon to
plague and famine are daily claiming their jn*ti uu *’ ^	thirty days.
7-"«” O» “>» Ji“»JX7h;tot.uLr1
the homo government with paying so forth that the “ Vitaline ' is the product much attention to the conquering of Boer- id the Vitaline Company, corner Craig land, that the amelioration of the ccndi- ^eurT Greets, Montreal, when
“™ -	f'»>¦ - >>» 1 œüsssï as?.
is neglected, and no funds are being set manufactured in Montreal at all. apart for their relief.
PONTIAC
y

Goods
commis-
!Y|cDOUGALL and CUZNE^S Hardware Stores,
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
MILLS.
seem.
seven
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
TEAS! TEAS!
o
This well-known and reliable; establishment will bo found \ this season fully prepared [ as usual to meet the quirements of the farmers of the county.
Cur block of Tens stand unsurpassed in qu ility and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
contain-
Arc not Surpassed in the World.


Cli
m miï
With Wire Feices
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKES CORNERS.
ï T3L1
re-
i
2n
have sto
i 1" -il
- :.;g< n farm and i
f HUt
4 (
l!l\
to condemn the British Government f-'
K
\i
Its action, cr alleged want cf action ai ent the appalling state cf affiira which at tl
1 ‘'¦FER'* ma ni; T;na year on

Dale Bros.
; Our stock of Cloth
HOC FENCING.
These Goods are all manufactured bv the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Picton, Ont.
e
Including all the finest makes in
SERGES TWEEDS WORSTEDS,
&c. &c.,
set
)
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE,
For sale by the Hardware Merchants and G by the Canadian Hare ware Jobbers. GEN. AGEN I S :
• ent rai L\
’cm throughout Canada. Al
-The G. Greening Wire Co. of Hamilton and Men Agent for Railway Fencing : -James Cooper. Montreal.
Correspondence with Manufacturers i > lied.
so
9
as a company was not
t real

Hi nH®“r fr! 1 Menu lîcordi Mr. Monk’s in isot to forget that there la a system of respon- l*ie “ Vital ne ’ came from New York
sible government in India, presided over * r>lace in r‘1^ 1 nile>* StAtw* packed
b, .	U„	...
ho ding the most distinguished position stance “ closely resembling " in the gift of the Crown, and were not
for the practical administration that ob | Exactly how close the resemblance ia Ui..underth.t
most enlightened and progressive native Fancy the Dominion Government deal- ¦ u f ¦ ¦ < eu rŒ ~ talent of the country, the present sad ing with a company that has no legal ex. JM| & 4? jf J j $
Hs:"r5M^,"AN 1 tu 1
nate indeed that the Indian population Spratt’s Patent, or any other reputable have the benefit of British rule in the ter* hrm shipping biscuits abroad in Saratoga rible ordeal through which they are now trun^3J Not that there is anything es-
w. .o ..............
der similar conditions, would have meant ly is not common, virtual extinction to the population of Mr. Monk’s indictment of Dr. Borden the sec urge affected districts. Whatever Authority for the statement that as
-¦>1 zssztA ZA r,a
re.ieve the suffering may be laid to the rubbish for which Dr. Borden paid $4,Gi>0 credit of the administration, with the is about $300.
support.of course, of the philanthropic ef-	moat astounding thing about the
b„„,ss
the. civiliz.d globe. T ie Government Vitaline Company was a fraud, neither having on hand the most serious ques the warning nor the Saratoga trunks, nor
in the tbe Montreal D.rectory convinced him
course of the present century, in the sub- t,iat was b|3,--uty to Protoct 1,10 Cirailan .	..	n	, •	,	troops in Africa from the possibility	of
j	g ion	of the Boers,	involving t*,e	prm- depending upon powdered biscuits
ciple of maintaining Briish supremacy in emergency food.
South Africa, and the prestige of the na tion, may not hive been able for the timebeing to come up to the expectations of our cotem, in dealing with the East Indian problem; but the latter will not dis pute the fact that very large sums from private sources have found their way into the relief fund, showing that the spirit of the nation is ever ready with open hand to render material assistance wherever
°I I Wl^ *K‘ f°und choice and complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
Wanted
Are well equipped to supply all the demands of
THE SPRING AND SUMMER TRADE with a complete stock of all necessary articles in


broken
A. HODCINS,
PROROPRIETOR
An experienced canvasser, character and address, with the
:¦•“ wi» good TIN and AGATEWARE.
01

necessary ability to travel from town to town and appoint agents
No canvassing. Salary and expenses paid. Position permanent and promotion
Orders for Special Articles will receive promt attention. Tin Roofing a specialty,
An Activa Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the
LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent posit ion to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will be supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
according to merit.
sure-
The B rad ley- C a rretso n Co., u„„„.
BRANTFORD. ONT.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
Mention this paper.
.303 Calibre.


Apply to

C. K. GRIGG
tion which it has had to deal with i
/
Savage Magazine Rifle
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREAR&
9

RENFREW, Ont.
¦ iF
the system in vogue in the Went Indies Siena Leone aid Ceylon. Endeavors will be made to \ ut this in force as possible in the Transvaal and Orange
Tran3vaal and Free Slate to b.
Inus Recognized	or some parts of the work be begun for a
T j T a~~7 ¦ ,	, .	few months. While th? civil settlement I‘o™-j11 bo necessary for a long tim- l iin sert fnr Mr .1 P	i
London, .Tune -.—It u learned by the will be drawn up en a, to be eventually	tha crown colony system get, in of " The Traiuvaai frm, xviti C*'!th°r
Associated 1 fees that the Government	independent of military enforcement, i,	working order. For thn reason and	well known in cr.im	'*
has, at last decided upon a plan for the	is realized that the initial work must be	"'her# put forward by Sir Alfred Milner,	African affairs, and ininB	.n 1|hJS°“‘h
civil settlement of South Africa. The de-	effected with the co-operation of troops.	the idea of granting an autonomous form	consultation with him	'	wh';(® day in
tads ire kept most secret, but it can	Sir Alfred Milner appears to believe	'f government has been abandoned. It	will sale for Cane Town	W i«l!petruik
feren, as a further proof of this fact. And nsmed the Transvaal colony. Sir Alfred seriously retard the progress of reorgan- The whole arrangement may he rough-when the government is m a position to	Milner, it is declared, is to be high com-	i^tion once	it it begun. The Colonial	ly described as coinciding with the view,
do ao it may be relied on to admirably	missioner of South Africa in	spite of the	Office is said	to be of the opinion, how-	advanced by the progressives as opposed
fulfil its part. Hitherto it has never fail-	opposition he has incurred.	ever, that the maintenance of good-sized	to those held by the Bondîtes. The final
sd un r s.imlfir distrta.-nng circum-	The cr< wu comny form of	government	garrisons at	such centres as Bloemfon-	steps in this decision have been taken
9Umcu8,	car:	understood by reference to, tein, Krocnstad, Johannesburg and Pre- during the last few days.
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
*

as soon
COLONIES OF CROWN.
. Tie Only Emmeries Smokeless 6-Shooter.
Write f r
1
I ’at
ARMS CO., UTICA, N. V.. U. 3. AMERICA.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Orocar and Storekeeper The Nerdwere end Metal Merehaet The Off Seeds Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples ? ##
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
S|ES®F=
« ï-iws’1 ,i'
marriage.
ceremony
Mr. C’hamber-
• e
###PAGE###5###
Jl

%








1 Ira-ithljr
l>«r-
1 mi-t'hl.
THE EQUITY,
J IS. HOPE & Co,
VTANt'FACTUlING STATlONKilS.IIOOKhKL 1 - v H i;. t	e ot<\ 1> j- »«Itory
Ottawa AuiillFrjf UilileSouioty,Ottawa,Out,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
JUJIE OPENING.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Looal Interests
1’irni.HHKD KVERY TIIUI
AT BHAWVILLB, Co. PONTIAC, QVE. I
SUBSCRIPTION • $ 1.00 A YEAH IN ADlAt.CE.
JhT* No paper stopped uutll all arrearages e paid, utiles* by special arrautfemeat with uUUsher.
I
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
IY
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY RU RM \ NOTARY KO R THI*. RlLlANl.fi J ,oa N A Ni) N A VINO’S CO., UK ONTARIO.
MUNI: Y TO LOAN ON II AH Y TIC H MH.
BRYSOH, - - QUE.
W HI be in Shaw vil It) on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
?—*—?
TOOKE BROS’
HIGH CLASS
0
ADVERTISING RATES:
Legal advertising, eight cut, per 1 first him rtlon and four coots pei Rue fur each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding; cue luch Inserted at #4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at Mie rate of five cents par lino for first Ins, rtlon and three cents for subséquent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for louver periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisement* received without Instructions accomplinvlnu them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free ofeharge. Obituary poetry three vents per line.
/.
The Frost & Wood

r
R. MITCHELL,
RAIMI
OF THE Mri’KKIOR COURT.
for the District of Pontiac. Ofllce, Main St., Huawxllle.
Accounts collect'd and prompt returns made.
Blouses
and Shirt Waists
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
ion
S*

No. 8
L Mower.

D
81 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont
V-
I We have the exclusive right to handle these beautiful goods in town
-

*
?
Limber of All Kinds Bomtt and Soli).
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
SitwEiJa utaü' by |,rvmptly | Prompt Attention given to all
Commissions. Prompt
Returns-
Commission Business a Specialty.
VA
fc<
?
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
lo-
in point of durability and perfect running qualities this machine is acknowledged to be the
peer of any Mower in the market.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Ladies tell us we Lave the handsomest selection of Shirt Waists to he found in Shawville. They are going fast. Make a selection before they are all
— — picked over — —
They range in price from 45c. to $2.00.
Business Cards.
re
RsrRRENi EH BV pEKMlHHtUN :
Denlw Bl irpliy. Pwh. Ottvwa Tri importât lo» Co, K. W- Avery., Hull Lumber Cu.
J. T. bblrrilf, K. B. EJ ly Co.
Latohforil & WrDougall, Barristers.
John Heney & .Ions.
H N. Bute * Hon.
Hie
In
Among the important improvements lately introduced it is provided with the new serrated or sickle-edge Guard Plates, the advantage of which cannot be estimated, especially in cutting light grass when mower is running in same direction as the wind.
MEDICAL.
F.M.A. McNaughtoq, B./V, M.D.,C.M.
over-
Giiaî)üatk of McGill Univkiwitt,’
Office -Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shawville.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SHITHi Proprietor.
S
8.
Ladies’ Skirts
l
Duck and Crash Skirts, Lustre, Brilliantine,
and Roman Satin.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
9
Cultivators, Raises, Binders, &c.
And everything in the Machinery line required by the Farmer.
A. SMILEY -~SHAWVILLE.
F. T. M. C.
Oimduste of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omos amd Rewdemce : J. H Armstrong's Huüsk,
Mil A W VI 1,1 K.
The spot spot for—
A Fashiomablb If air Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clkan Shave.

Hats
<1
PM
MAIN 8TRKKT
IV Your Turn next.
p y p	In Fedoras, Christies, Linen and Straw. —
U.M.HOlfllOSOl, J Special ’Cycling or Boating Caps in light shades ' W
just the thing for hot weather.
Call early and look over our values in Ladies’
Misses’ and Childrens’ Straw Hats.
LEGAL.
i
For Sale.
*N
VNTI-;i>	man or woman to tra-
vel for large house ; salary $<15 monthly nod expenses, with Increase ; position permanent : inclose self-addressed stamped
MANAGER, 330 Caxtou bldg.
BODRBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
[-s
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
The undersigned offers fur hale on vary terms his
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
**n veiope Chicago.
9
0
WILL VISIT SlIAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY
Saw Mill, Grist Mill and Carding Mill,
Tho undersigned offers for sale that de I together with a good Dwelling House and trahie farm known as the Stanley Farm Out buildings, with about twenty five on kof No. 1/, on the 9th Range of Claren- acres of land, situated in Chichester, a .d don. containing 188 acres of land, more or ! known as “ Rouvres Mills.” less, " ith house, barn and stable erected futending purchasers ran view the pro-tnereon. i he premises are well watered perty and examine the condition of the with a nice lake,	further-particulars machinery in the different mills.
'••PI"} ,<l	XV I,.MAM SI AN LE Y ,	, In the grist mill there are two run of
Charted* P. O. 1 stones.
In the saw mill there G one circular saw, one butting saw, one edger ami one turning lathe.
The carding mill machinery is as good as new and all that is necessary there is clothing for the rollers.
With a small outlay to the darns and machinery, the mills can be put in such condition as to do gixxi work.
A rare opportunity is offered to those who wish to secure property of that kind, and the price and terms will be made known to suit bona fide purchasers.
For further inronnation apply to
W. J. POUPORE,
Room HI, Ontario Chambers,
Ottawa Ont
and
Farm for Sale.
JEWELLER
r,
WM. GAMBLE,


El KM
A HRLKCT 8T0UI OK
WATCHEH,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. • HILVERWAIIE dc. A.;.
BARRISTER, &c.,
Room 20, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Tuursday
of each month.
•TKÜL’o-over G. F. llodglns' Store, Main HI.
o
h
The C. F. HOSGINS
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
»
I
J

<

)

Re.•AIRING--
A 8.'R« l iLirY


m
m
Arthur McConnell,

SHAWVILLE, Q
F. S.-Head quarters for Ladies’ Underwear, Gloves T 11E and Hosiery.	j
TTORNEY AT LAW, Main Ht. Hull, Q.UC, will. at re<iueHt,attendallcourth lotiiodistrict. Alloorrespondtuceprompt-ly a iswered.
Will visit Shawvllle regularly on the third I ** Thursday of every mouth.
A
PORTAGE DU FORT
District and Country.
Roller Mill
HU Lordship Bishop Lorraine, « f Pcm __________________. broke, is making hie annual tour of the
(Q EO. Ce V/ Ï1? i C N ! I B. C. parishes in this part of his exten
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC '
Meterr. E S. Skead and H. S'. Conn, have received an order from the Imperial fi' vernn.eut for one thousand cavalry
horses.
For Sale.
The South E.i*L Half of Lot 20 and S. E.
Half of 21 in First Range of Litchfield. 200 ¦ c - knon n a i he Port# »u.iF inu : ,i v.il-uiil.le property, two miles from Bryson THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A
Vl Apply to MAlTus&)WLEY. I FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS
NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
The contract fur re-building Renfrew St. Paul'# church, recently destroyed by fire, has been awarded to Mr. XV. N
I t November.
OF TKi: PROVÎNCE OF QUEBEC
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN
Molaons* Bank Chambers—
Morr aid Asked —Lvt week a depu-Th> edifice 13 to be flushed by | tat ion headed by Mestre. Belcourfr, M. P ,
and Hutch ejn, M. P., and including among others Messrs. H . J. Beemer, A.
F. Gault, Houeon and Ross, of Mon treah waited upon the Prime Minister to ask that instead of the Government subsidy of 15 per cent, ou the c->at of the L -tei provincial bridge at Ottawa there
should be granted by reason of the in-1_ _ _ .	„
% % ' FURNITURE DEALER and
Vancouver, *B. C. June 14-A big | Miniiter pronged coniideration.	UNDERTAKER
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
11 Metcalfe St.. Ottawa
FRESH and CURED
Phone No. 117:>.
Law business in Ottawa and Pontiac Dis tricts attended to.
Bristol
Quebec. .Tune 15 -The provincial government has issued a proclamation offering a reward of £200 for information that will lead to the arrest cf Frank Waby, who is charged with having mur-
.MEATS
T
CEO. HYNES,
W. #. IRELAND,
First Quality Flour
Clerk of the District Magistrate*' Court
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, I de red Thomas McCabe on May 11 last or
Mortgages, etc.,executed legally -ud satis- the River Lievre, in the district of Ot-fttcturiiy
of all kinds at
&zf Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment every respect.
laws
I
QUE
SHAWVILLE
THE SHAWVILLE
IVjeat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
r
copper mining deal has been completed
B ‘SiKr VS. S5888S WE I
en ça; aments for my bu.slue.t5t n connection | four Parke trothets, situated just above I Mrs Gladstone, widow of the late VVil
I %%ftïïi.	C* E ¦'	...- ,
Mr,. William B-.ti Oladiloii. ... «,	»'”» «• '«K .t „ri«.
The Renfrew Mercury says Before years old, and had been stvwly sinking	t0 8Ult Ul1 clttS8es-
lion. Mr. Justice Craig left for the West f,r aome time past a: lia warden cattle, anothei honor of position and respop.si- the family seat.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County I w*e P »ced upon him by tho G v- She was the eldest r mgjiter rf the late 1	j also keep a complete stock of t une-
Pontiac. Sale* conducted In s Uuslaesa-like eminent, In addition to being Associate Sir Richard G ytme, Barr, of H award en	ral Furnishings, ranging from the
and I• factory manner. Goods or article» | Judge and Member of the Executive castle, and was married tn Mr. Gladstone	plainest requisir.-s to the most elegant
lie HaleM conducted at Hnawvlile once a , ni?rally for the rAcnequer Court of the | She was a woman luve i and admired	,lL ~f <llKCe * *)vn ,a tN ar*d night
aw;.g'ia.y totals? - j	&	%&%%% ,$,trJ5
rivera and on the coast waters. Several J had great influence over hir husband's
Court Shawville, casea hare ari8en and are awaiting trial ! actions.
7 on points connected with the waters of the District
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
Mrs. Gladstone Dead
JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor
varied stock of
FOR SALE:
V quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles. &
GENERAL

Proprietor.
IN UNDERTAKING
J. J. TURNER,

ESTABLISHED 1886.
Ths Shawville
SIS!! and
DOOR
t


Spring
Season

THE AYLMER 1 CREAMERY CD
I
Clof
—ALL KÏXLA CF —
•)
No 276.
Q
m
Drowned in Laize Bennett
The marriage of Misa Catherine (Kate) I	---- |	Y “ Q •»
QRid | daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Oliver Mercier, ' Seattle, Wash., June 14.-—A report that j Re-ope nr I for the Season of 1000 on May promptly every month., 0f Chichester, to Sebastian F , youngest i seven persons in one party went down in Dt and will give the fanners of Pontiac Vieltlmr brethren cor- i son of Mr. James ilarney of Chapeau took Lake Bennett abont the first of the month j J;ie «d vantage of reaching the Creamery
mT^rJe*
Hugh Hobbs, C. R.	I the Rev. Father Leduc, The bride wore j received here. The names are as follows: I received every morning, separated by an
a very pretty white costume with hat to I W. G. Mezgeau, Mrs. Playmate, Mrs. ! Alnîi de Laval Separator, and the skim match, and was attended by her sister I Werner, C. E. Peabody, Joe Rose, and jin'^ immediately returned to the patrons. Miss Rose, while the groom was supported 1 two men whose names could not be learn- 1 The price of the milk will be paid every by Mr. George Dunn. After the cere-1 ed, all from Skagway. A strong wind	actual market nfiue, determined
___ wony « reception was held at the residence | caught the craft at Big Windy, and cattle j Je prepan-'f to advance" wn™™ ouï OBT | of the bride * parents. The numéro u^con- on board getting excited, overturned it. I patrons at uny and all times.
gratulations along with the many costly |	—----?———	j Anyone wishing cans may obtain them
and useful presents in silver, china, crys- OTTER L A KE & LE3LTE by applying to our superintendents at any ta), linen and lace received betoken the I	lot the stations.	L
popularity of the young couple, Mr. and Mrs. Harney will reside at Chape ax
Interior & Eiterior
Meets the 4th Wed nee day of every mouth
Court dues must be
FINISH FOR
EîïseîScTerazdais
MANUFACTURED.
L.B.C
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS, BREAD PANS, DISHES of all Hinds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
m
J. A. Cowan, It 8
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, 4c. 4c,
Kept in stock an-1 made to Order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRIVES
HOTELS

St. Lawrence Hall,
McCREDIE & HODGINS.
m9
Estimates furnished
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.

/N
The L. < >. L. of this place, are having their next meeting in their new hall on Ottawa June 13 —Several letters have I Monday, 18th. It is rumored that they been received here from Canadian soldiers ; will go to Ottawa for the 12th. in South Africa. The fearful reduction ! Mr. Norman McCuaig, of Bryson, Inin the numbers of the contingents is the j «vector f«»r this district of Fires, Forests, most important feature noted. Hero are ! Fish A Game Laws, was at tho Otter samples : Capt. Maynard Rogers, of Of- j Lake House Monday and Tuesday, ac-tnwa, writing from Wynberg, May 6, ! companied by Mr. B. Rainville, advo-atates that great havoc is being caused j cate.
by disease in the ranks of Canadians. Messrs. John and P. M. Farrell went-On the day of writing 40 men had been to Ottawa Tuesday, returning Thursday, sent to the hospital in charge of Lieut. There is «every prospect here of an Gordon Stewart, and 70 more were to go ! abundant crop and all looks well so far. «tiJTLSSuüf5»îl555£4fîS05Eiïb»aK the following d»y. The men were .utter- Messrs. T. Wainmun and Vic. Mo-i&RMSnffEffitiSESft i”B from fever, chiefly ente.ic. The roy- Quire, of Shawville, were here a couple Bent free, oldest agency for seen ring patent». al Canadian regiment had been so reduc- of days on business for their respective
i^ithout ch;r«"uto th.	0(1 that the roll only thowed 374 men out firms.
CAiAMfiflA	°f LC35 who left Canada. Some of the Mr. Jas. Robinson, representing the
^VKHIIIIV JlHIw-l IVllll# companies had but one officer. The Massey Harris Co., was here Wednesday. A handsomely illustrated weekly. Lenrert cir* draft of men sent out to replace the Can- Mr. T. McGinn, of Median A Abbott, ?^!<fou0rfmonthr».e|LfliSotiUb7î!i neisSSJern. adians who had been invalided, etc , had general merchants of Kazubazua, was ill I y y p pn oc « Rroadwav IN ou/ Yftrlf arrived, and he obtained 10 men for his at the Otter Lake House on Friday list.
W ”" ?Jftî f süw3J3XD.™ company.	Bans Ceremonie.
if

Bristol Wharf
PATENTS
an inspection of which is invited
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE

FERRY
PROMPTLY SECUREDI
Stoves.
If

<
Write for our interesting books “ Inventor’s Help" and " How you are swindled.” Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Refected applications hare often been successfully prosecuted vy us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; thisqualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patent! as bro tdas the invention. Highest reference! furnished.
Patents procured through Marion ft Marion receive special notice without charge in
over too newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Shawville- Lfa„ngineer,. ¦
—	MARION & MARION
RS'7^°?,pricef0rHides Let? Vttïsÿspss*
and Pelts.	t Atlantic Bldg,Washington
CHANCE OF TIME.
The undersigned having had two years' experience in ferrying passengers between Bristol Wharf and Sami Point will continue to do so this season as follows :
Leave Bristol W^arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
The balance of our stock of Stoves to irod out at reduced figures.
l
1
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.

Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
C. E. WAINMAN
m '
Leave Sand Point
;

Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m
—Patent business of Manufac-
Meeting all Trains
GEORGE GALLANTING,
Ferryman*
DC.
###PAGE###6###



A GREAT RAILROAD MAN
¦ht exclaimed. “I hope hla people
will not be burnt,'1
“I think, mother, It you'll allow I'll »tay and see the end of this business after I've put you into the riage." said Lash mar. fly at the George to take me home."
"I’ll stay with you," said Colonel Spillington.

lion on th, «rot. Nktur.lly, In the |,Dc* to tnj reoorj. g had Urea,I, .circumstance. be bad bin eltare o( r„mi<1 th, enlUltioo to reset Ute tu»
hardship and aventure.	|in hi. chosen vocation.
Ou uue occasion ha wai eut with a
UNREQUITED LOVE.
me,
SIR WILLIAM C. VAN HORNE. OF THE CANADIAN PACIFIC.
I
tiir Willi Ain'» memory occasionally pUya queer tricks with hie frisuda nui an* I acquaintances.
oar-

surveying party in the Canadian Northwest. They were to meet

"1 can get a
BY MISS M. E. BRÀDDON
Me U a INtleter. An Arrhlfrrf. • Miirgeuu, other party, which was to bring 4,1 A mltor, a Hal inlet and a atiideni stores and supplies, at a given point
;re-U,erf l,r,uiri‘eb,e	fer I Uut there ...me mmc.lcul.tlen end
the other party.
"You may sometimes make a mark in his presence or ask him a question," says a lifelong friend, "te which h'i will pay not the slightest
attention
CHAPTER III.	light. Hut here there were no street
he meeting had been convened by | boys to jeer at his deformity, e Local Conservative Association, stood up before men ; and nature's but it was not • ticket meeting. The kindness chairman opened the business in mildly conventional
He
"Ami l," cried Victorian.
"No, Victor, I will not have
struggling in a Brumm crowdl" exclaimed his mother ; "and you Lash- Wëy»	bad he not decided to l>e a Van Horne and his men were far re. ****** that he has failed to hear you,
mar, you would surely not be so foolish ki,lg ot transportation, he might have moved from any center of civilisation, ! but nine tim** ten you will he
won fume and fortune through his they waited for a day or two, hop- wron®* His failure to respond may artistic abilities, and they huae the log for relief; hut none chine. At last to*au thttt be has not consciously on the fact that he not only | it seemed that the only way out of the !	y°u. or it nny mean that he was
dut two or
un-
They say of Sir William C Van Iiorne, of the Canadian Pacific Ha il-
you
was a claim upon the rea spent of even tha lowest among the manner. He re- crowd, capitulated the usual commonplaces. He began to apeak, and was heard This was the chairman's popular style. | "Hence, which he had generally found before a mixed audience.
Colonel Spillington orator, and he had nothing
•*y.
a pleasant manner ; he had the ago of his opinions, too, and threw | "boulders
KALLl&D TO APPEAR
Naturally you will u*.
as 10 trust yourself amongst those roughs."
Ihey would he safe enough with s,l-',ng
me," said colonel. “But the youfag | "ketches cleverly, hut is also an export I trouble was to push on to the uesrest not than r**dy to reply
go home with your ladyship; wilh thp brush, both iu oils and water I settlement, several days' travel away, three da.V8 afterward he Is far Lashmar and I will see it out."	colors.	Fatigued as they were and with scant ,htin bkely to remind you suddenly
Lady Lashmar remonstrated; she I 11 might also he truthfully said that I supplies, that was no easy task. lhttt y°u hav® 8aid «° and so or thu „ offered to wait at the hotel until her | b® °°uld win his way to the front us I Still, us they had guns and plenty of a,ld * bat, and then proceed to discuss step-eon was ready tv go home with an architect or u civil engineer or a ammunition and were in territory tke qUB*tioB exhaustively. In this her; hut to this Lashmar would not wriler» for be has proved his ability "hounding with game, they concluded *u> he ia often a source of great sortie took his mother to her *n these lines and many others. J to try it. Crossing a stream how ever, i,nsH t0 bis associates." carriage and saw Victorian seat him- Uis knowledge of the geology of the ; their pack mule stumbled and fell;
"elf by her very reluctantly.
There wore half a dozen streets and ,fouud* and bis collection of Canadian [ away by the swift current, and their an arid waste of market gardens and ] rot'ks and fossils is unsurpassed by any ammunition was soaked In the waters ground newly plotted out for building Private collection in all Canada, lie is , of the stream. Their matches, too,
A brows r a #h	of our j lo be traversed before they reached a recognized authority on botany. He were wet, so that they could not light
iHEEE
S5ËEÈ51F! —H SHH: 55 H5E
fixed. He had HP.xn it \ t	d #” and, m;lllUgerer* battening up- happen in the middle of the night. Peo. deg,Vtt being James J. Hill, of the very clean, either, and nothing but the
it rears and	^ **** ^ ^ U,‘ °f otbrrs f Be 9ure th"re pie would l>e up and about and able to lGreat Northern, which, like the Cana, most dire necessity would force them
before hA w \	g°.in a dream' 18 Something in every shoe that pin- help themselves."	d"»u Pacific, unites the populous East to eat It. But necessity waits not on
tical anterior life	the wearer. W hat 1 have to do, But the children," cried Lashmar, wUh tho Paci,io ooaat- Curiously squeamishness, and they made a kind
h n, He irn w i,'	®®*med to and what we all have to do*, is to almost with a moan of anguish. The eD0Ugh' Vttn Uorne waa born in the of dough and baked it, and, seating
thus.* im r! » e'ery lDe* eS* make 1,10 best of the world we live little children, left alone iu that 1 uiled Slateti' "bile Hill was horn iu themselves on logs, began to stomach '
upon the t.Wet, ofW,m.m!r.UVen eP in f°r ourS8lvM aQli tor «“«*> «(her; tower of Babel. The rarele.se young C“uada'	‘he unsavory compound. It is eafeto
y*	improving away evil gently and by mothers roaming the streets, the 1 X aii Horne 18 a big man physically, say that Sir William never partook of
degrees, and not by rapid wrenches fathers listening to Holdwood. ' God ^ '^presses you as a man of im-	a worse meal than that unleavened
and volcanic upheavals, but in the help the little children ! I’ll warrant mvilde vilal*ty. His color is ruddy, his	dough, and, to add to the trials of the
gradual ripening of the days arid j bat there Were dozens of them left tikin is clear, and his eyes are pénétrât,	situation, he remembered as he ate
"On the platform get noon the nlnK yeurs: chnging to al1 that was good to take care of themselves in that mg‘ 18	that bis life Insurance
form. Holdwood," roared the crowd" ^ England’s past and discarding all big house to-night!"	A YIIEMHNDOHS WORKER due that day, while he was entirely cut
"Let’s hear thee man thou hist il that was evil; lopping off the wither- ’ lhat’s a horrible idea," muttered 0r be would never have fourni time to off from communication with tho ways summat good to sav Ur»v* ^ branches, but zealously guarding lhe colonel, and he felt that there was ferf0Cl bimself in the accomplishments
Bold wood! Three cheer* for Bold-	“nly to° mucb around for Laehm.r'e wb,l'h *,ve him wellfounded n rewood !"	There was considerable applause teur*	* "'n ^or versatility, and his cap- ed, however, the members of the for-I
mÊÊgsta&m
had been slowly working for long U lhere' He 18 fond of gamed °f all deed, seems to be one of his favorite ] gth Ure ten l)tid8. with easy spring silent days and nights. The brick 90rb!’ a,ld plays everything well. His methods of concentiating thought. |mattree8es that can allow for the
work of that huge shaft which wont 1*™* °f humor * wel1 developed, and The clerks in the Canadian Pacific of- ,ussing of “ elil1 in pain, even if up from the laundry - the common ^ eumtimea perpetrates practical , floes like to gather up the scraps of h° 18 convalescent. Beside each bed le
chimney of kitchen, laundry and tub. j°kM’ though never of the coarser paper which he has ornamented for ruom for lhB notia<Mary kit, and atone room—had been red-hot, and D0Qe ®°rt*	| eouvenirs.	side of the hut—hutment is the techni-
knew. Ihey had only felt the Years ttg0 be was prone to a parti- His phenomenal memory U one of |CaI lerm~u the white wooden mess
warmth and annoyance in the hot	form ot practical joke, which he | tEe most remarkable things about this j ll4b,a-
Summer nights. No one had guessed	l° pl&y °n the Montreal feport- ! remarkable man. He seems absolute-
¦eeapeB*!
% 7 «-*—• - - -17 -;™	: s C',ST! SK 5SSSw
dml.wko come among you this night ®m bere-a lot of Goldwin'e peo- "Look at him I" gasped the crowd’ *°rk*d only tt littla while, however, own age. But he rarely did anything flown with insolence and wine, not to ple-	! as Jonathan Boldwood's huge fnTh* reporters compared notes, and, be- of the sort. ,
aa you for your suffrages, but to Holdwood waited to hear no fur- scaled the iron balconies r j? satisfied that Van Horne had been Unger about the station dictate to you how you shall vote." ther* but pushed his way ou to the him I There’s a man for you He flung back the coarse, iron gray door* ihe news had wrought con- with the heart of a lion, ha:I from his low, broad brow, and fusio° iu lhe ball already, and the j girl is up in one o' them rooms-one o' atood like a tower, while the hall crowd was •urging outwards. A great the toppest. The firemen and 11
rung with applause.	fire was ou® of the spectacles which ’scapes are all t’ other side o'
Where had Lashmar seen him be-1 Hrumm most enjoyed
fore f It was either in that dim.
known, world of a previous life
’My friends,”' he began, "the gentleman who has just addressed
i
answer
you
was a poor I calls himself your friend, but we all
to I know what the demagogue’s friend-
It means climbing into cour- I somebody else’s seat upon other
one can
more
new
But he was hearty, and he had I "hip means.
men a
He would taunt you with tome pretty big stones at the oppo- | your daily labor as if it were a dis-¦ite party, in the teeth of hisses and ! grace to work for your living groans from the majority, for it ap- ! every one of us—queen and princess, peared as if the Radicals were the I cabinet ministers, general officers, most numerous. Before the colonel great sea captains, lawyers, land could sit down, a man stood up iu the I owners, painters, poets, musicians—do middle of the hall, an Anak, a giant not toil and bring forth that which among dwarfs, for the men of Hrumm have to produce in the were stunted by unhealthy toil
as if
consent
A CITY OF PAPER HOUSES.
Queen's dominions in America is pro- their little food supply was
aw ept
Whfre Wounded *,Idler# Are tlmel»§ Hark Mrnllh —*iilldlng# of I mp er llmrhr.
we
Not fur from London—at Net ley— you can find a whole paper city, with a population of 600 men, living, mo?, ing, having their being, all in a paper wrapping
«scent branch of Netley Hospital, and the material chosen for its fabric is pupier-tmache. It is a new idea fur • hospital hut.
There are 45 of those paper tents behind the red brick buildings of (he ho*, pital, and in esdh of them there ten men cursing the bad luck that sent them home from tho front.
In the hospital till the wound heals, in the convalescent papier-mache city until he is fit to travel, and then a couple of months' furlough to set him on his feet again — that is the history of the man who comes home with the murk of a bullet wound on him. Asa in* rule, he spends a fortnight in the papier city.

was
The city is the con vel-
ars
*
“1 rise to move
an amendment," •aid Jonathan Holdwood, in a deep, strong voice.
premiums were
sura nee company.
Soon after the meal had been finish.
lhe houses of the city are glistening while, long, lean and business like.
cur-ami ni
you pull at it.”
to work for his bread—his own bread, mind you —sowing and reaping on his own land for himself and his family, enjoying the first fruits of the land, P^tform-murmurs rejoicing in the fulness of the harvest. ! caugbl	0irn name, and then the
the fatness of his flock, having his Word	J” Some men by the cor-
ehare iu all the beauty and the glory ' ner °* the PlMform were talking of his earth. That was patriarchal j about him’ lookin* UP at him. man as God made him and as he ' He bt>nt down and questioned might have been this day, since God's °f lhem* earth is wide enough for all who live upon it if it were not for ha-has and I Wl,n *’ d^n 1 you r' park fences. God’s earth is not big ' Yes'"
J
in which
he
one
i
“ What’s the matter, matel” You live at Gold-
1
"Goldwin’s I
i
e
MODERN FAMINES
(
es ts
c
c
ri
l
per-
h
TRY TO SLEEP.
•1
one
A novel remedy for Insomnia is te try to picture to yourself another person asleep
¦wallow such a lie as that God’s age is reflected in this type of man?
U
i in-
li e
SI
The more clearly the sleepless sufferer can do this the stronger becomes the subjective feeling of drowsiness.
rc
hi
After hours he used to
I
w
---- and yards
guymg them, each promised never to finding out all he could about rail-venture into the presence again with- wading. He trained hia memory by ; out a freshly lighted cigar in his fixing in his mind the inscriptions inoulhe	the cars, so that he could tell
ONE OF THE PRACTICAL JOKES. numbers, the roads they belonged to building. God help him. He’ll be suf- ! wjlivh he played years ago when a and their destination without
gigantic building I Seated before he gets to that ton trai“ dispatcher on the Chicago and —_____________________________________
or it on the eastern outskirts of the town, | room I”	^ j Alton is still retailed by the employes
was	long, long ago in his earliest boy-	on that side most remote from Lash-	This was about the	gist of wh it the	lof that railroad.
™ar Castle~a huge model lodging-	crowd said, in	short	gasps of spoech0	I 6 learQed that	ou a certain night
^es, he recalled it all now; the	nouse, built, some years before by a loquacious, excited, pitying but im*	rUD soma of the trainmen were in the
whole scene stood out before him.	friend ot humanity who only requir- potent to help, around and abouthabit of	taki“g cushions from the
It	was at	the	university boat race.	ed nine Per cent, for his capital. Bold-	Lord Lashmar.	coaches to make	themselves comfor-
The	crowd	and	the river seemed to	wood hii(1 a couple of rooms there; |	' He’ll do it!”	roared	the crowd and	Uble in thti baggage car. Late one
rock under the cold brightness of the	two Kttle square boxes on the fourth I Lashmar’s memory went back tot hit	°ighf at	about the time he thought ,	p
March day, as the two boats shot un-	*tory, one with a fireplace, the oth- olher crowd roaring on the Surrey lthe men	would Eave taken the cush- I	“V *”6 UOO Of Of.
der the bridge, Oxford three lengths	er without. He had made the room I *Eore, roaring from the flat swamps of
behmdl	—	with the fireplace his little daughter's Chiswick yonder, two <- ¦
six, pulls	bedchamber,	while he	himself slept.	and blending	across	thhe
like the	mischief,	cried	Lord Lash-	and for	the most part	lived, in the	' One story	more	and	he's
mar.	if he	can	only	last, I believe	cold. It	was	a huge	quadrangular lcried the crowd.
win.	I	never saw I building,	six	stories	high, with a
courtyard in the centre-a monster The Oxford boat came past the law n PHe of ugly yellow brick, pierced with gaining upon its antagonist, and then windows all of one pattern, opening Hubert Lashmar saw the faoe of tho on to covered balconies with iron rail-
dark, ugly face, strong ings—everything straight and square Jaw, broad forehead, beetle brows, but and flat and uniform, a face made radiant, glorified, godlike almost by triumph
AN UNPLEASANT CONTRAST. He—I believe I'll go to church with you this morning, Clara.
She—Indeed you won’t; you've got
your new suit, and mine hasn't refer- home yeL
ne
man His little
ar
on
ey
their
the
we
come
I
Goldwin’s was a
un-
ha
Remarkable Cures
of Itching Piles
Somehow or other
foi
hood.
let
liv
(iu
he
>
pi a
Chase’s Ointment, the Only Positive, Thorough and Guaranteed Cure for Every
Form of Piles.
be i«
ions, he wired the Load trainman of the crew a message, which livered by the agent at a small way station.
ft
doe
was dé-
voient! meeting -J liver.
€$
That big man, number
wri
it contained only these four,	____
pionetti railroad ttre-n l u he deter- h and r,-rmanentt^1*	t'lorouK1> boi completely cured me. The itching
mioed to study th ae yi , j _1M ,, 8l|u|t Dr Chase's Ointment CUr*d by U"‘ng etoM*ed at OBC*. tie Weeding moon
£ ,5 slip i maSS
awn eyds, ind dealing th the »,tUa. so bad I could scarcely walk f£ L<J ol rric*> by Kdmanecn. Bates
there!”
lool
he'll make them
One more rail to
‘Mi
much an oar.”
par
lug
ope
he
oarsman—a
m c
feet
1 he beneficent Gold win had bought ",,s j a couple of acres of waste ground for
.. il A -.W .U ....	Mt‘n ' ”0D8 a quarter of a century be-
thrilled with the delight of having | fore, and when
witnessed a miracle; and that Ox-1 up to heaven from the penny news-ford crew were cheered as never men papers about the way in which the were cheered along the banks of the J poor of Hrumm Thames,
i
Oxford
wins!”
roui
knei
winning
"Oxford
m#
a great cry had gone
you i •gai
Bart
met
were lodged, Mr. I Goldwin had stood up at a public Ihfs was the man. Number aiz in meeting and pledged himself to build the Oxford boat nineteen years ago I a
r
for
odel dwelling which should be as end the brass-worker yonder were | the workman's paradise, tnm and the same. The face was too
Deal
hear
expired without
a murmur i o be Continued.
The meeting ended amidst confusion prXMi.iar a face to be easily forgotten | and the last speeches
h’ven her ladyship's sympathies wen ,.roused by the tragedy of the scene.	.	„
u,.th „ ,	tbat Buoh 1 «O", Æ&Ssir
that broad glare *1 I should have so much human feeling H of the country w

this
were unheard
or mistaken for another
• •
I
RUSSIA’S TREES
Lashm ii rose and came to the front the platform, braving that multi-
ma#
whig
bad
i rea bird
One
/
###PAGE###7###

N
Rebekah Bing’s Blighted Life
,<Mo,ly fIflW fo it, and when I ! proper time arrived, though it
l^ft Rebekah wee Billing up in bed | for a good while afterwards, rating toaat and jelly. I met Burly
waen’l
CONSUMPTION IS CURABLE
Barbaric Jewelry

them to hemth and usefulness. They are bark on the *tage end testify to their own salvation.
'There
Wft» a pretty young girl
• j it the door, [muting hard. Behind boarding with me from down ut Cedar lnm was the new doctor.	Pove, and I up and asked Burly Hig-
.	. ,H she nlive * ' gasped Burly, lean- gins lo take her over to Mia* Storrett’e
.'ThcreW.rr,ln., .aid Mr.. Mar. ing again.! the door.	dance that evening. He waa might,
row •' 8^an<,.W.0:.ry!fr:',kfl ^Ul " 'Kal Ing ton at and jelly,' .aid I. .urpriaad and doubtful at first; then I and J>avl4 IfW'Prk kills its thousands, "He broke by mo up to Hebekab, persuaded biro, and he didn’t like to worry WM* *U Uns of thou»ands-and and Molly came down to see the doc I've minded that it’s mostly somebody | tor. edee's worrying that kills us. Be^idi-a
a dy

A FAMOUS GERMAN SCIENTIST WHITES HIS OPINIONS.
It’s nothing
Goet he
new, either for Instance, who lived to the age
l'*
# *
Superlative is the only accu#*** descript ion of the me bailie jewelry the season is bringing for won*#». # wlJl be very hard fur even Lb# ** ordinarily most q/uiet tastes frain from displaying some *# new things, if the present creator mluch jewelry doesn't represent the climax, then a not tier season jewelry will he I filly barbaric. One general principle may be depended upon Any piece of jewelry of foreign or antique make that can be attached anywhere to I he gown or worn abotut the person is good form The more nearly it approaches the unique and the. mon striking it is in size the happier its wearer should be.
Mut the girl who luxuriates in being " faddy” will have wide woi>e foi enjoyment. Her firs! duty will be to at once start a collection of silver ftnirn.il charms and not rest until she resembles a peripatetic "Zoo” Thi really newest 1 hi rig only reaching retail counters during the last week, if the war bracelet. A twist of gold or a plain silver ring is hung, w ith either ft three inch lion or h Itoar. If youf sympathies are all with England th# British lion will dangle at your wrist, Otherwise the Boer boar or the- Transvaal bracelet will b# chosen. Smaller boare end lions come for watch or chatelaine charm», for brooches or hat |wn«.
One Is not expected to begin and end her jewelry menagerie with the boar or lion. Lucky pigs, turtles.
- French poodles, snakes and lizards lA were familiar subjects for the jeweller’s art. Now it is the fad'to acquire I about every animal known, including lambs and full grown sheep that look like tapirs, owls, gnats, a real one horned rhinoceros, elephants, hears, dromedaries, bisons and even donkeys. They are alxjut an inch in length, and m de to hang from a bracelet, bangle fashion, or attached ! to a chain at intervals. The only two beasts of any prominence the jewellers have not fashioned in silver are on rang outings and giraffes The animal hut pin is to be quite the thing.
A quaint conceit, Intended to be a
of 82, a healthy beautiful old man,
rnbriTulnii. R.glnniiiy |i„d.r.loo.l | ,uffpre,d froto hemorrhages in bis
youth. Il*' wii? undoubtedly a con-iiomhrmrtorf Trcninie»s — Dr. Koeh'n | aumptive then. We don’t know now
*<T*lrc i» vimikliiii.
uiy
iud
l,ul K «*11111 rim IiJf hlirrett of lb
of
(So when Knbukah kept wor-
say no
rying mo J said
hj»w he outgrew the disease ; that he did so is enough for argument's sake
4
I* consumption rumble? Yes
»	.	.	,	. M! , muHl *cnovv» t airily I Cures are effected everyday.
^ *“-,».- ;,xt “ waa engaged to her cousin, llarty Htf- lack her aialer didn't feel like seeing -ft', the truth, Becky,’ .aid I:'and
IlfllpSiiliSfliEii
,ng to hear Rebekah tell about her had a dreadful case of boils on her "When she’d eaten her supper, she
blighted life.	neck, and It had brought on hysterics, got up and curled her hair before the
•We often stopped end talked t < Molly had been up all night fanning glass. But llarty didn’t come that Rebekah on our way to a concert or her anU keeping ice to her head, and night social; It seemed so pitiful she never | now Rebekah had fever could go, and she had no other way of
"	* bin the, patient!' he said, eying
cer
te
" 'Well, Herky,
worrier» tiers little except themselves | Molly to think of, and workers have other
KOCHS SERVICE TO MANKIND.
Wh all remember the fuse made of Dr. Korh’e alleged tuberculosis cure. That waa only a newspaper sensation; arid while Dr. Koch in distinctly to blame for giving an unfinished discovery to the world, it must not be forgotten that he discovered the tuberculosis bacillus, upon which fact nil we know of consumption now is based.
His tuberculin had a run of about
Mi
• I f
it-
'U.
he
I bis truth should become part and parcel of every physician’s stock in trade. He should have it before him
*J
Ilf
a#
or
re
ly

sa
vvil h t he in to fight the (tread enemy, They will succeed, if they only commence early enough, if in their endeavors they are persistent enough.
I know some will refuse to believe
nine months, one physician after the other dnipped it and the public eventually ceased talking about it. Of late Dr. Koch has tried to explain some of the ill results produced by his alleged remedy. Hh says it was commonly employed when cure was development of the disease. Besides, he « ays, it was used in two big doses.
l>r. Koch's new tuberculin, lately placed Into the hands of a number of physicians, is highly spoken of. It impossible on account of the severe is claimed that after use the appetite of patients increases, while some of the painful and disagreeable, symptoms grow less. Yet, at the. .same time, no perfect cures are recorded, and I would hesitate to recommend this remedy.
The so-called X-rays cure was likewise but a seven days' wonder
ie
r-
The next day, when he did ns ; come, Rebekah was sitting on the porch dressed in the new blue lawn
many physicians grown old in prejudices and wedded to certain hack-
never stand it, Mia’ Mar-
hearing the town-talk; for Barty never j row, never !» said Molly left her to go anywhere and Molly seem like pi or Be ky might have been waa too busy, owing to Rebekah hav- aptired this, she’s had ho much I*
Ing so much trouble. Many’s the time | "And what's that all on your face I've seen Rebekah just like a queen ; and hand's?’ said I. with her court around her, all sympa- '"Nothing but bee stings,' said thizing ; for her ailing so constant Molly. ‘My bees swarmed yesterday made her real important In Mona-land stung me.' hawk You sue, the chronic spine and
M I

neyed methods, will assail me for an Molly made her before she went opportunity, but the facta, as above
away. Hhe had her hair curled, too, stated, lose none of their belief romand I minded that ahe knew enough | palling truth for all that not to mention Kitty Bell, though I
don’t believe ahe ever quite forgave I g^ta have worked hard and
'It does
r
h
Both anatomists and bacteriolo-
success-
r
me
fully during the century drawing to a close to fight the ancient legend t hat consumption is incurable.
The pathological anatomists first
"Boor thirty! He looked like heaven had opened for him that day didn’t
I
He
H •
And you haven't done a thing for
know what to make of He
I
the week heart would take turns and | it yet f tiaid 1 follow each other up, and at each turn
'"Oh it’B nntimir n,1 i h.r.n't	1 hfl ,ruth Wil8 he’d made a I furnished absolute proof to the con-
Rebekah declared ehe couldn’t llv, till | thought of it, ,kck, s bean ao bad/ ZmJt JLr%^h.t:'t.d t! '
-you wcu,d.,h.v.	-
b.k«h Ding waa ao poorly to look ut do anything tor Beck,.'	•• Poor Rebekah ! I went up there
her She waa rc. fair, not bemg ex-| "I went o.er to the dark room „ tbe funera, goon af,erwards. It |Mjs»d to the heat or the cold or to where Rebskali Ring lay moaning, wafl rea] j.mpreasiVe woik, like most of us, and she was al- and opened the shutters, although she
cried out ; for 'twas hot enough in there to give any one a fever.
'"Has Burly come Î’ she whispered, like she was faint.
i
permits systematic and classified dissection of dead bodies, enabled them to carry out their purpose on a large scale.
the next arrived
warn announced that the rays would kill the bacilli. They did kill t hem-on a glass plate—but as the majority of microbes refuse to lodge upon the surface of the slrin or directly un* der the cuticle, they can't be killed
off In the living body, for X-rays •.Turing these 00 or 70 years dissec- penetrate only a few millimeters.
"Rarty ? Why, you see, as soon as *orM ba.e foun i in the lungs of peo- j Quite recently organotherapy, that little Molly came back and died— P,e W*1U ^ied by accident or other , transplanting of healthy animal "‘Well, 1 never knew a body to die ’twas nerves, Doctor Harley said, oonconaumptive diseases, very fre- organs from diseased human organs of a few hoe stings, but may be Re-	But Kills Fletcher he went on dread-	Qu®ntly tuberculosis cultivations,	previously removed, was introduced,
bekah could; 1 don't know/, said I.	ful ; he said it was Rebekah. Why	which, for one reason or another, had	but has scarcely got beyond the ex" 'D isn’t bee stings; it’s inflamma-	Rebekah hadn’t anybody to take care	,ain dormant and had remained in-	perimenting stage. Nature, as every-
lion/ moaned Rebekah. 'You don’t	of her, so she got weft. You see,	active, without corrupting the rtsst of	one knows, has fitted men with organs
1	there wasn’t anything else for her to	(he body. In fact, they had simply	that prevent, to a certain extent, the
'"No, I don’t/ i*aid 1. 'H I had	do-poor Rebekah! Then she up and	existed by themselves, restricted in	^fusion of dangerous bacilli. These	° °*e	friend	t0 its ovmw'	i8	8fyled'
everybody elsa’s feelings on top of my	broke her engagement off with Barty.	themselves, without power to affect	organs, however, sometimes refute to	'	AM	in	0	nUt	The	shell,	like	a
old the health of the individual in which himself, they had taken up their abode.
What did this show i That the tub-
This law has been fn effect some 60 or 70 ye.irm, therefore it cannot be charged th if the observations lack conclusive ness
RebekahÎ
Why, bless you, Rebekah Bing isn’t dead!1 said Mrs. Mai row.'Why, she’s married and weighs a hundred and ninety pounds! And it isn’t dropsy, either! 'Twas Molly that
H #
ways dressed pretty and nice, because Molly, her sister, was as spick and spin as she could be, and spent all her time nursing Rebekah and making things for her to wear and to eat. Of
tubercuj.es sometimes HARMLESS.
Shall 1 send again, Mis' Marrow Î* j cjjecj course a body had to be busy around asked little Molly, trembling. Hadn’t Rebekah Bing, seeing she had so much I better send quick P happen to her
• • i
"1 never heard Molly called pretty— She was real small and thin—except, of course, Ellis Fletcher thought she
was
ch unidon of Molly s, and would likely have been a heap more if Molly had had lime; for there wasn’t much opportunity to notice Molly seems to me that people who forget j all about themselves in thinking about others have a sort of unseen
He’d always been a sort of
know how 1 felt all night l'
But it
large ff>igli*h walnut, is of gold or silver. When it opens in the centre one-half the shell holds an Inch-long smelling l>oftle surrounded by four pearl headed pins, for use. The centre partition of the shell is a tiny round looking glass that lifts to reveal just a dot of a powder puff, th» shell holding the needed powder.
own, ’t would be time to talk of dying.’ Seemed like Bart y was ’most an "'Send for Bart y I* moaned Re- man then, and needed
and, like Rebekah
work, especially when a person is weakened by illness. To strengihen
the bronchial gland» of consumptives,
fresh. But, if you believe it, he took erculin prison in the lung does not ftome doctors give them bronchial : it so hard that he went South and died necessarily affect that life-givingor-
care
was starting in
.bekah
"Rebekah took Barly real hard, just like the bee stings. They were en-
all told,
prêt tineas that's got to be found out Folks thought Rebekah pretty
had brown eyes and a good color, and &ag®d moai twenty years,
her face never got thin, which was and il wae “ "cap more variety tor
Buriy than if he’d been engaged to a
gland* preparations of healthy animal*. Whether this method will prove successful time alone cun tell.
She
of swamp fever—so they maid made a kind of angel in his mind out of Rebekah
He'd gan
That certain circumstances or con-
Maybe it was just as dltions pariilvze its angr> and dan- Unprejudiced physicians, physicians | well he never learned better. But ahe geroua inactivity.	i thftt believe primarily in nature, phy-
goj the life-insurance.	That, in effect, consumption is cur- fliciana that got 0VBr the experiment-
Rebekah Bing married Mr. Bentz, able.	| ing craze, from which most <4
.the undertaker, after became into Curable, not only when attacking younger Aeaoulapians suffer— such gold decorated wi« h cut steel. A coil-some money. He said he couldn’t do the strong people, enjoying general j physicians put their utmost faith in ed snake is another design. These form
less than marry Miss Bing, seeing she good health, but curable also in weak i isolation of bacilli described in the the fronts of a clasp into which is had always been such an encourage- ! bodies ment to him in bis business."
natural, seeing she couldn't take exer-eiee Reh.kah never fell off, even ! livelier »*r*on- tor 1,6 Wtta alwa>a after one of her dying spells. 1 nl- !,lfrai,t 01 losinK her- Bnd k mude ber
For ties there is a large clasp,some-I he tim -H all of steel, nut in facets or of
‘Moat every night
ways felt like I'd been to an exhibi- niore valuable lion, or away from Louie, after one of Rebekah hade him good-by, lest she Rebekah’a dying spells. Of course it shouldn’t live till morning. Molly was natural they shouldn't try my 8uidil wae real "oleum and impres-ftervM as t hey did Molly's. 1 being an old friend, Molly mostly sent over for me when Rebekah was dying.
"I remember one day old Km’ry known them to be held in many ways
besides by love, but Rebekah e dying

laid the knot of the tie/They are very
an uncommon
opening paragraphs of this paper
Curable not only in persons who	direct all their efforts toward clever and have quite
are so happily situated as to be able neutralizing
to buy the best medical attendance, gomp day, that may not be far off, I to guard against oseiwurk, to avoid hope, they may be able to kill them
Dleeallsfaclloe Over ibe iMuburnemeat of unhealthy places and to live moder- j on 5p<,t	j ence H f|at ornament, either met
,hr	r",ld6‘	ately on the	best	food	obtainable	but ; They	think	the	neutralizing	busi-	with	French	pearl*	or	brilliants,	or
„R	A	matter	which has given	rise	to	curable also	in	the	ill-nouriahed	and	ness	cail	|Jeat be furthered	by	dieting	simply	wrought	in	steel with	a large
¦*-*-«.•.... ’jxz. '£rz 'z	*• i,e,™,= szruri'LTÆ
senl *01 at a°y June» though ii did of the fire relief committee in con fin- and in women having babies in quick U bit h is it f said	I	seem to	me that	Rebekah never look-	ing	its	purchases	to the	two	largest	succession.
The weak heart,’	said	he;	‘and	ed so well; but	maybe that wasn't
she says she surely can’t pull through	natural,	for Molly said Rebekah
this time,' said he.
"Molly was on the steps,
She followed
sive and like a ghost story, and some-
times Baity was moved to tears, ft was a queer w ay to bold a man I've
the bacilli*’ virulence
air
THE HULL FIRE
With t hi* lie clasp may be bought “ Li Florence'* to match. La Flor-
a
came running over and said for me to com# quick, that Miss Rebekah was a^Hs answered as well dy ng. When I got there Mr. Pfett, more exciting, the preacher, was coming away
and were
he
the Prince. Worn from a flat chain, it should hang just on the chest. A buckle sometimes goes in this set with the tie clamp and La Florence.
Another ornament on the order ot La Florence is a think silver chain hanging below the belt, its ends finished with heavy metal tassels. The chain is held together across the cheat by a large cabochon mur rounded with some, met a I design The effect is quite Russian.
RESULTS ACHIEVED
Without wishing to blow anybody's horn, I am free to any that several institutions, notably those in Goer-bersdorf, Detzweiler and Alland, have achieved wonderful results without
firms in the capital, the 0. Roes Com- The tuberculosis cultivations found pany and Bryson, Graham & Co., in- in the bodies of so conditioned persons stead of allowing the hundreds of : were inactive, because their capacity «nailer dealers to participate in the for virulence was gone, was as dead supplying of the immense orders that as the proverbial door nail. A dead have been filled within the last few dog bites no one. weeks. The complaint is formally lodged by a deputation of more than a hundred merchants who wailed upon the relief committee, and it was even
insinuated that the relief authorities this end. That means time
knew she was getting the dropsy, crying, Soon after, sure enough, Rebekah me up to Rebekah's had a dying spell from dropsy, and inroom, and, sure enough, there lay Re- stated upon sending for Mr. tientz, the bekah with her eyes closed like she undertaker, to find out what sort of a was eatunscious
medicines by simply giving their patients plenty to eat and plenty of
Now if Nature can kill off tuber-
fresh air after a certain well con-
Of course, most
plate he'd made for her. Mr. Bentz She was taken at midnight; and had been summoned so of.en that he’d now the doctor cannot bring her j made all ready for Rebekah, and around,' whispered Molly, wiping her | tainly did take an interest in it. But
when she found out he’d left
culin bacilli, science, guided by nature can do so also. It needs but close application and observation to obtain
! sidered regimen
# t
consumptives have no appetite. These must be made to have appetites. When
cer-
A chain of imitation pearls has its
eyes
that's done, half the battle is won In the case of consumptives to eat or [ end* finished with large French pearl
pendunts or with colored French
..	.	I	a space who give out the orders were them- MEDICINE ON THE RIGHT TRACK,
llad	anj	appetite lor the thing»	(or her uge, ahe was ao put out that	selves profiting hy the arrangement#	In view	of theee	facta,	I	repeat:
we	sent	over	from he festival said	it brought her around. Excitement	with the Rose Company. After talking 1 Don’t lose	heart, consumption is	cur-
W|U do 11 sometimes, they tell me. the case over, however, the deputation able, science will find the exact rem.	(	0 .y	a °NV^ 1 a PU 3	A*,er that Molly was suddenly taken	generally was satisfied Ibt&t there was	edy sooner or later
Dad	done right well the evening be-	sick—nothing except nerves, Dr. Har-
fore with crab salad, ice-cream, and ! ley, said, and that she lemonade. Ob, Mis' Marrow, I can't Ur# without Becky ! I’ve dreaded the time for so long, and now it's come— it s cornel' cried poor little Molly.
" 'Well, If it's come we mustn’t com-
M «
not to eat, is to live or die The paiient* of these institutions j P^arlfl The si ring of pearls is knotted
have to e.it a certain ainouut of food I rlome about the throat, and great in-at certain time*, and there is no get- genuity is shown in devising I he most
A medical attendant I elaborate knots t<> tie
The Nile and Egypt, the Sphinx and
I
no ground for this c harge ; but that	I really believe medical men are on
needed a	the committee had been actuated by	the right track already. I have be-
chunge. We sent for him,	Barf y and	none but proper motives.	fore me the anunal report of Dr. Breh-
I, for Rebekah	was in bed	with by-	The committee represented that it	mere consumptive home in Goerbvis-
auiiiM because	there was	nobody to	had given orders on these two firms	dorf. Dr. tirehmer is honest and not
take care of her. So the next day the doctor sent Molly away, though she fought hard not to go, and the night after she went I took care of Ke-bekab.
ting out of it
superintends each patient's meals, and
tient who won't eat is invar-I the royal birds of the I'haroahs have
is the institution stamped their influence on belts, buc-
thc i
lit
iably dismissed
can do him no good All women are | kies and w ' lienings "f every dr-
script ion. A belt with the pictur-
The Cinch," because it
because the issuance of orders upon carried away by enthusiasm or pre-all the firms in t be district would judices in favor of his peculiar moth-have meant an amount of clerical oil*. He cites medical testimony by work with which they could scarcely outside physicians about the consump-cope, Then then a*ked the deputation five state of numerous patients bets hat plan it had to put forward, and fore they entered his institution. Oth-tttiine of the gentlemen present admit- er medical testimony and indisput-ted the force of the committee’s ar- able facts testify to the "after." gument, but thought that at the same There are army officers who left Well, time it constituted a gross injustice	the service on account of their con-
seeing Molly was away, I thought I’d to the commercial class of the city,	sumptive debilities, and who after unsaid	Rebekah	Bing, I 'ry a new treatment,	as nothing else | As the matter now stands the com-	dergoing treatment at Goerbersdorf,
opening	her	eyes wide ; you	know had done any good in	all these years, I mittee awaits the presentation of a	returned to the service, having prev-
be isn't	Mis’	Marrow!	tiarty Higgins | so 1 said:	plan from the merchants such as	iously undergone a satisfactory med-
You would not involve too much expense	leal examination
required to leave off their stays The undoubted SUCCESS of i his na- I esque name t lirai method encourages me in the has a book to catch hold of the dress belief that consumption is curable. *kirt binding, has a gorgeous fleur «le while the anatomical findings, above | H® design to the rings finishing i be
front* and also at the centre of the
l
plain,’ said I, with an eye on Rebekah s eyelids
1 can’t live without her 1 Oh, why
doesn't Barty comet whis^ red Molly,
wringing her hands.
" Well, a man’s a man,' said I,
looking steady at Rebekah’s eyelids.
'Miss Slerrett gave a big crabbing. party down to our wharf this morn- j heart would surely fail soon
‘üg. I guess Barly's—'
" He isn’t I'
•t «

"She looked so bright and well that I said, 'Becky, you’re getting real stout;’ but she declared that it wasn’t solid flesh, but dropsy, and that her
narrated, prove to my mind that a
he disease back. A favorite Mt buckle i* in one
specific remedy against
will and must he found, fu the mean- | pic'R. very Egyptian in coloring and
in the headdress of the female figure
time 1 adv'se all consumptives to seek
a change of air, to adopt hygienic | *n enamel upon it.
Rene La him- i.s the name of an or-
principles of living and food that increases their weight and stimulates I nament for the front of a ribbon belt,
the in il pi' ing at least eight Freeh air, absolute cleanliness and I inches from side to side, and from plenty of good food are assentiaIs | each end hangs a carneo or ornament
five inch chain. Egypt ian effects secured by rows of scarabei set between headk of the Sphinx.
their nervou* force
"‘Oh, I guess not, Rebekah
is coming here to me as fast as bis feet can carry him 1'
Oh, she's come round!—she’s come
just need diet, that’s all.'
The.se gentlemen became capable
upon the fund. The subject is natur-
"But. my! It drove her into a «ort | ally mu. h commented upon and public I officers again, perform arduous du round!' cried poor little Molly, on her I of trembling faint, and I was right I sympathy is decidedly in favor of the He* cheerfully and without difficulty
I frightened.	aggrieved merchants.	I or fatigue. They at lend manoeuvres
" Til send for Dr. Harley,' said 1.
I won’t have him ! I won’t have
which a consumptive cannot do without if ht want* to be cured.
on a
are
Knees beside Rebekah
When to a full set of tie clasp, La Florence and Rene Lalime is added Who is that man v h') is eternally I a metal big îwr't* and a few braog-
Lhe brevity of let*, there is no limit to w«mrht or
ride to t he hounds, and some of t hem are now fighting in Africa.
" Now, Rebekah, don't you excite yourself,' I said, ‘or you’ll be dying again. I was just about to say that I him I You’ll starve me to death, be-Barty isn’t like the rest of them, for I tween you 1' gasped Rebekah. "Send met him riding like the wind down for Barty I I want Barty to came to for Dr. Harley, the new doctor at | hear my last wishes !'
Deal’s, who knows so much about the heart.'
BUSINESS. NOT RELIGION
i« I
BOTH EQUAL.
In Iceland men and women are every respect political equals, nation
people, le governed by representatives elected by men and women together.
Furthermore we hear of several in J con*umptive. women, who after being | talking to >uu about
human life? Is it the minister?



WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊMT®e
which numbers about 70,000
expen**
discharged as cured from (îoerbers-dorf, married and had children—children who live and enjoy, apparently, the best of health.
Minister! That’s an insurance agent
"But I didn’t send for Barty ; for I kept an eye on Barty Higgins for
Oh, Becky, Becky! you won’t die I some time. He'd grown to look real I	T7 *	I Finally, there are professional sing- | L your new cook reliable?
this time, will you sobbed little Molly, old and worn out with anxiety. So	N > A K I 1 ER NAILS.	ere mod actors who had at one time Thoroughly so. When ?he says break. I married and settled by this time.
new doctor,’ that morning I asked him to do me a India rubber nails, for use in places been forced to give up their career fast will be ready at 7o'clock sharp we I Adult Son—Well, Pro not married, whispered Rebekah ; ‘but maybe it I | favor, saying that I would explain to | where ordinary nails are liable to cor- | on account of consumption of the i know we needn't g<i down sUirs until | but I proposed to Miss Flirte last
throat. The Brehmer method restored '
SETTLED HIM
PROMPT IRREGULARITY
Father—My son, you ought to "be
• •
I won't have the

did when the • rueiem, are a German novelty.
Rebekah—which I
night, and she settled
had a little nourishment—






###PAGE###8###








-v. - \ -•

.







1
e+#+#te+#+#*e+*+#+
r
10,000 People

n m KNOWN BY TliEIR l) FIT AND FINISH----------
I
Î he Celebrated R/|cConrycl(
BINDER TWINE !
Are to-day thinking of getting a new pair of shoes. There is no- reason why they should not get them from us.
!
?
Our aim is to furnish customers with the best of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices are
always satisfactory.
Khaki,” (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
Hundreds
*
«
Are to-day wearing our Shoes, but we are out for the thousands, and we want to win on the merits of our goods and value.
$
I»
I
(#
î
*

i
Will be taken in exchange for Boots and Shoes at the
?
l
66
i
- *
We are selling
McCormick’s “Standard
i
*
at 12c. per lb.
SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,
î
!
?
and
| ' McCormick’s “ Special Manilla ” at 13c. per lb.
These Twines are equal to if not better than any twine made.
X
A LF. R. %GU!RE,
(B « C «** »?•« *	»»•*•< *» #*#*#***	•?#
ÎMSITE i’ONTIAC KOVSE.

M. G. STEWART.
Faite Pad Jointe E?. the war.
SPECIAL SONDA! EiCOBSIiN
?
9
NOXON
Victoria
BENDER
A/
Two B: r 7 owns Surrender.
L >nd*n, June 14 —lieu. Biller rvp rf? to the War *'fh:e as f ill m s :
“ tiead'Uiarters v Lung's ?
14, morm ig.—Otii. Lyttîeton yesterday received the formal submission of the town and district of Walkers!now, which the enemy is believed to have m.pletel) evacuated.’
London, J : c 15.—The war office has issued the foil, wing despatch fr in L rd Roberts :
“ Pretoria residency, Jure 14 p.m.—Kteiksd *rp surrendered on June !t to an armed pa-ry sent on by 11 inter.
“ Kitchener rep wts that the 1> 'vrs a’* tacked a : m -ruing a few r .
drove fl .he enemy bef re they could do any damage. One man was killed &: d eleven wounded, m. lu ling two officers.
“ A messenger fr m K:erk?d rp reports ’hat t'r>: jv, who commanded there, determined t > surrender ,s so u r.s he kin vv that Prêt tria was in vtir p ssc'sh n. His example has been f >!1 wed y mary in the neighb uhood. The c 'urt h use is now said to be full « f arms.
Laings Nek Tunnel.
»
*


The largest and best Agricultural Machine
Until further not! e round trip ' ekro.
good on Special returning xuv Fih<v

I / !
Ntk, Jane I /
will be sold to nil station*. g Train on date sold, and good til following Monday at Om: Sin»-1
Class Fake.

u


Company in the world could not and
i
ms
r,\ Ft. AND i) FT, CUT.
Highest Drive Wheel Made. Brass Poxes.
Seventh Roller for Fie vat or.
V;1 the 1 it ; î) ; lient u provvmeuts.
5 f r
M
Re Saturday and Sunday Night D. H.
Trains.
Same will onlv stop at station* where 1 une is given oil Time l ard shown he ow, a id regular rates will apply.
^ «%
« rm
would not put inferior goods on the market.
7
>•>
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION RY.
Id
X

- - -
SPECIAL SUNDAY TIME TABLE
#
L
SO —
— \
SATURDAY & SUNDAY D. 11. TRAINS
Taking effect Sat. May 19,10.30, P. M.
E. HOGGINS & SON.
/
.•jnstr '.c ion train early tire Its north f Rhenoster out m« unted troop», and
m

• L
Ï
in
t
1 •
SPECIAL (
SI' K I'AY THAIS
10	00 A. M. Lv X 10.lt 10 26 10*81 'O 38 10.46 10.55
11	05 H H U 19 11.87 V 47 11.58
1-2.14 r. M.
12	so
12.40
SUNDAY NUI HT
I). 11, I UAIS j
0.00 P.M.
9.40 10.05 10.20 10 80 10 53 11,18
>


STATI DNS
«
t
An 7 ; P. M.
LIMITED,
Ü.-ecki
r.
P. y. A consignment of 2-ply YARNS in white, grey, black, red and blue, just received.
Jngersoll
vv v ONT.
i
7
9
M
1 'à z k
ti V
M
U
H
h J4
6.14
»• « s
Wv
lî
*XV\
M
Shnwvi*.
The
«W'iif
llf
li
S V
Car
Oxford Clipper,




Load >n, Jane 14.—Cî prierai Bu lier e.i tcred Yo karust Wedtiesdey, \>\ thr uyh Vharle»î -n ard encamped mat Lung s Nek. The "inn- ! was n<»t much dating id. Bath ends were ’>! wn up, by the engineers think that repairs can effected in a'nut f air days. The advance tr.i 'ps • i (îenered Buliet’g army saw the B er r*ir guird f ur miles away yesterday. Ir w is estimated that there were ûp«)D B *ers with 15 guns.	t ,
Tnree hundred Free S rater», released ;h . from guarding Van R re nan’s Fis», have ' g me to join President Steya's commando _ in the eastern part of the Orauge River °	°
colony. Hen. Bundle has sent w r l t > W e aRo manufacture the best and mont complete line *>f Cultivating and the Free Staters that unless they surren- Seeding Implements on Karth, comprising ‘Spring Tooth Cultivators, der by June 15 h their terms and other (tittvd with grain md grass sowing attachment» if desired.) Spring and Spike possessions will be confiscated.	Tooth Harrows, Disc Karroxvs, Grain Drills, (all kinds) Horse Razes,
—	—	I i tion and rate!
if you ’eed nuv' liing in our line sc id for our 11)00 1 five.) You w ill 1did it very mu h 4o your interest to do so.
» %
Lv 4 -U»
\'V
Av W
Lia
44 â
'

I
I
FRONT AE REAR CUT
\
It’s a Decided Fact
Ar 11.50 P.M.
Lv XV
- /
mowers o:-
Vl1\


11
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
Quality of Wheat up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
Arc* drawing the trade our way. All leading bakers of Pon-
ALL SIZES.
m
- »
na
li'ig*.
!
i '
1\ W. KKSSrLM VN\
! 1
V I >
(It
Will,,
>tu*
*o khow von 4 be tail Bearing Knlte
10W

1
I
l

o o o o o
TIME GAUD,
IN EFFECT FEB. 26,1960.
EASTERN DIVISION. Trains daily between

tiac ip uV’ur ,.nr Flour. The farmers get name quality in exchange.
For sale at ail times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
CHINESE SITUATION VERY
CRITICAL.
ted Catalogue, (yetr

Hi'
sT ]\ I \
et Prick paid in Cash foi: Wheat.
?t;
?•
THE NOXON CO., Limited, Ingersoll, Ontario.
i * *
* «
The Foreign Legations at Pekin m Imminent Peril.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOURS.

Every day seems to increase the gravity I Sixteen British Marines Beat The m w Manitoba Government bill «.f the situation in China, so that it is 2,000Chinese “Boxers. ,'	abolishes the special enrolling machinery
hardlv possible to estimate the dost rue*	rT .	~	l,f t,lti province’s franchise law and cn-
Mjv	-s Co. 11 on of lires and property of foreign res;	! “ere is one little incident,	connected	trusts the making of the liats to the tnu-
Jt-ntr. which rnay resul: before the pow	| w'r *t ^ trouble now existing	in Chino,	iiicipal < ttiora. The manipulation of the
"	ers are in a position to effectually s*ft:r.p I w^ivh goes to show that it w uld no* take	, electoral lists w:if one of the lato Liberal
out the rising. It is reported that' the ! * numerous army of British or Euro.	Government's great sources of strength
Legations at the Chinese capital have ! troops to restore order in that pro when what were called elections were been barrel and some of the -,trials mur» ' 8ei,tl>' perturbed quarter of the globe held.
dered.	I London, lune I.T.—Six‘etn British trickery had b^eu carried to the tx'enl
t !li'7iSV j*'*.* I According *o a Che Boo despatch o:,	marines, reconnoitering in advance of the	that the whole people revolted that the
only. Arrives Montreal I .f.o n/Tn*.	p ; in an	-r:.‘r h[.jnday, the forts it Tdku p^néd bre on	internatnnal column marching	to Pekin,	gang’s work failed. Mr. Macdonald is
pSrtfirt ^Halifax and*allMnureai: ^ f .reig i warships, which replied n ! f^ght and chased 2,000 Boxers Monday, making a record for decency m adminis For Vullêyfield and all point? south of the	St.	Law-1 kind and silenced the Chinese guns and j 111 l!I1^ twenty or thirty. A correspon-	tration and honorable observance of h.s
rence River, st.	Albans,	Burlington,	etc.	Arriving	t^e International forces eabse-men*lv j dent accompanying the column, in a des-	pledges that wil help Lis party through-
w^.i^iug’h” ohiwi'oHewTo”"	sad eeized the f r;«. " The 'new, ! P»"* dated Tien-T.kn. June 12, via out the country.-Montreal O-z.-tte.
LomI—stops at intermedi- of this engagement is stated to have been ^’ianshat, .June w, b lu a.m., say*
.^,,.45 r.=.	Japauwc ..r-l	'be work,ot,	«com-
wall. Kingston, Toronto, Chicago, civ. Has Pullman ship, but the date of the occurrence is not Pan .e *	? a P® • ,	! sixteen l*ntl8h
car to Montreal.	I	marines, commanded by Major Johnson,
A rding to a despatch, the Chinese were repairng the line Monday after bombardment followed an ultimatum sent n00D* elk'bt miles beyond L a, they en- Eight men were instantly killed by an Borland and New York pointu. Montreal, leav ng at	I ty the commanders of the fleet.	countered e ia!i parties ot ilixera who	explosion of vas in a	mine	at	Camnoie,
bi£t^?N?wVi*tlKRfciï.tl0nSe Um WtigC<r	An official despatch from the	German	werti ^«itroymg the line. The	Boxers	Albt r a, on Thursday	last.	The accident
e 1 6> 1 A XTOrtV Li?Dit4tl — from	consul at Che Foo received in	Berlin,	moved away from the advanced	marines	was due to a miner unlocking	his safety
a U«1V 11'yyT1 MnBtrt-Uaodrto.	confirms the atrival ot a Japanese	torpedo	and dispersed into the country,	leaving	lamp.
=y@wjrs22L zz as: ssar ^ -,h* vt =%%aa »...
:: csss&i&tsji
gg~$	55PSZ	2«Sd iÏImÎw humbered $.»““« j""' '»"• I™»l children, lb. .Id..'
Middle & Western Divisions. -	"iil'U™ ....................
TO AND from THE west.	S<sw » r'*b-June -—I .*:e extreme gra- train.
viy r if the Chinese crisis in the eye a of «* M at of them were armed with spears the Biitieh government, says the London and swords. A few had tiro arms, which correspondent of the Uorld, is shown by they handled awkwardly, the decision t » detach a division cf (10,-	44 The marines retreated, keeping up a
O00 men) infantry, three butteries of ar running fight fur over a mile, kilim4 be-tillery and a siege train from the Natal tween twenty and thirty,
(Sir Redvers Duller a) forces for imme- " The Buera pursued the Brithh for Jiate despatch to China. A hen asked some distance. Then, seeing more ma~ how mary troops he could spire from rinte from the train coming to their as Sviut.h A:v-ca, Lord Roberts at first re- sistance, Mnj »r Johnson a sixteen h ltd: pli^d that he could ipare not a single man and poured à heavy, continuous fire i-ito| until ho had fought a decisive battle with the cr .wd, driving thorn across the front,
• ien. lotos, the commandant getieial ('1 of the reinforcing bluejickets, who pun-the Boer army, as the tending away of is!afld the Boxers severely with Maxims, any part of the British force would en 44 The B xers fled, and the Europeans, courage t .is Boers to prOiOng taeir resist- following up their succ.'ss, clear.d out ance. But when the government at Lon two villages. The tot.V 1 ss of th, Box-don pressed the demand, Lord Roberts ers is estimated at forty killed and w, und-consented to the use of the above men- ed. Seven of their wounded were atiend-tioned force from Gen. BuJers command. ed by British surgeons. The Britirh ios3
was nothing.”	;

Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:-
1 s at i*ll ii> »tr*t
Furniture !

a 6.10 A. M, '

>nu A ?¦
VI
z
lives Moi 1< au : foi C
‘til y .50 «le 1
»V I1 s
s!o| H A
wiuria only. Arrive
a 8.45 A.M.
Montreal 11 16 a. m. Pullman p:
h 8.45 A.M.
h: *»} s #
station*
It was only when jobbery and
Furniture !
Arrive* Montreal ll.fi a. in. P llu.azi j ..r' >r car attached.
a 4. *20 P.M.
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Line of Furniture is out of sight I
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
<î.:î5 P.M
Dr. Pollock, Principal of Pine College, Halifax, N. 8., lias been elected Modtr-ator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Canada.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot
a 11.20 A.M,	'
New
In Parlor Suites
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot ;
8.15 A.M.
Bay, Whitney, Canoe Lak*\ Parry Sound and intermediate points.
THIS IS THE SEASON
rv
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
Renfrew, î, Birry'e
FOR
See Cream,
Fresh Fruit,
Choice Candies Confectionery, &c.
Sideboard,
Extension Table, Dining-room Chair, Kitchen Table, Kitchen Chair, Bedstead
Bedroom Suite,
Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress Parlor Table,
Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
F.»r Arnprinr R« nf-rw, T\-s&bviile, Pembroke, and in-
4.40 P.M
termediate points
1.00 P. M.	.1

wnsku and intermediate slut Trains arrive at Of a
07 H


V •
11.10 A.M. î
broke. F;
I
î
4 »
aud intermediate point

Fmm r.-ivv Vn md, P • -• Vrok<*. KgacviUo, llenfiw
5.35 P.M.
î
)
Amprfcor and intermediate point*.
All tx> he had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—
Mixed tra n from Madawas-ka. Eganville, Renfrew, Am-
3.00 P.M.
prior and intermediate eta tiens. f- , OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES

D. WILSON’S,! CUTHBEHTSON, CHAIjAM & ELLIOTT,
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
Central Depot Russell House Biol
It is reported that the lead raines on Chats Island, near Arnprior, which have been idle some years, are shortly to be •old.
Tickets to Europe and all pi rts of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's
tears.
Princess Aribert. of Anhalt, granddaughter of the Qiuen, is at present visit ug in < ad ft.
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
a Trains run daily except Bnm'Ay b Holiday only.


/
