###PAGE###1###
T
T
I


V

t
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE, THURSDAY,
No. 6.—17 th Year.
JULY 5>7. 18!W.
81.00 a Year in Advance.
when all the otticera wore re-elected.
Sans Ceremonie
GENERAL NEWS.

BANK OF OTTAWA
Killed by a Constable.
Vancouver, 15. U., July 21.—Wm. Iteecv, proprietor of a danco house in Nelson, w,m shot dead on Friday by Policeman Ddiirutn. Kuecu was beating an inmate of lua house, and the oflicer interfered to prevent the woman b_*ing in* jured. Keeco turned on the policeman, and the oflicer ran, stumbling over a log and falling on the ground. Iteeco rushed
at him, and Denruni drew his revolver and shot It It
killing is looked upon here as justifiable.
Marino Disaster.
London, July '51.—An explosion on board the torpedo boat destroyer, Bullfinch, on the soient, during her trial today, killed nine and injured four of thoie on board, it was the worst naval acci, dent of this nature that has occurred in the British navy in twenty years. The victims were terribly injured, steam and boiling water tilling the engine room. The Bullfinch is one of the latest designed *0-knot torpedo boat destroyers.
While the Bullfinch was running at her fail speed of thirty knots, the connecting rod of the starboard engine broke, and, striking the cylinder knocked off its end. The engine room afterwards presented a terrible bight. A man who had apparently been struck by some flying metal, had his head nearly torn off.
Toronto Opposing the Ottawa
Canal.
Jufy 24.
The very wet went lier we have been having has retarded the hay operations in this section.
The grain and root crops here are very so far.
Head Office '«Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . #1,500,000.00
......................$1,170.000.00
OF CANADA.
BUY YOUR
lv it
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000 RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
Board of Directors :
Charles Maqie, Esq., President George Hay, esq.,Vice-President
Hos. Geo. Bryson, Jr Alex; Fiiahkr, Khvj ,
promising
Mr. Win. Corrigan, of Shnwvillo, was the guest of the Misses Scully last. Sun-
Dr. McNally, of Campbells' Bay, here Tuesday.
Mr. Wm. Barrel 1 went to ,Vn prior Tuesday.
Mr. James Way wan down Tuesday.
Messrs. Fraifk Ixliike and Frank Leitch went to Kazubazua Tuesday, returning Wednesday.
Mr. Dennis Cnllighnn passed here Wednesday vn his way to Mr. John Brown s mica mine.
Mr. Wm. Kelly, of the Bay, was here Wednesday.
Mr. ( has. Stephens, of Clarendon, was the guest of Mr. Thus. Stephens Tuesday and Wednesday.
Mr. T<»m Phil bin, foreman for Mr Alex. Fraser, passed here Wednesday for the Coulonge.
Mr. Chas. Carol), representing Messrs. Northrop <V Lyman, of Mont real, was at the Utter Lake House Wednesday and Thursday.
t
Ilca«l Office, • Montreal. N II AW VILLE BRANCH.
John Mather, Esq. David MacLarkn, H*q.
da
w ah
Dennis Mvrpiiy, E*q.
GBOROEBURN D. M. FINN IE
A U EN EU AL RA NK I NO BUSIN ESS TRANSACTED.
General Ménager, .. .. Manager
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all partsol the world.
HAVINtJS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
ecu through the heart, mu from Has tern Canada. The
Draft* Issued on all Hanking points lou, United States and Great Britain.
Notes and Dills coll ed.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
in the Demin
Hum* of tl and upward» received i i Saving» I>e part ment. Interest credited
Office Hours—10 a. m.to3p. in. SaturdaylOa.m to p. to.
10 A.M. Toff I’M.
10 A M. TO 1 1*. M.
F. A. PARK Kit.
Manager
Office Hours Saturday» .
half yearly
LOCAL NEWS.
Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
The old reliable Frost A Wood Mowers at prices that will pay you to call and be convinced that they are ahead.
A. Smiley.
Messrs. George and Thomas Findlay began the excavation last week for the basement of Mr. 11. Barnett’s proposed residence on Main Street, east.
UNDERTAKING.—The undertaking
equipment of Cuthbertson & Graham is second to none in the distiict, and all orders receive prompt attention at moderate charges.
The thunder storm of Thursday night last, was general in character, and in many places the worst that has occurred in years. From all over the country came accounts ot damage by the storm. Many buildings were burnt, and several deaths are reported.
Have you tried Dowd’s “ High Loaf ’ Flour ?
Wheelmen,—You will find a full line of bicycle sundries at the Shaw ville drug stoic.
8
\. Wood, representing the f Ottawa, was here
Mr
The Equity from now to 1st of January, 1900, sent to any address, for forty cents.
The Raymond Sewing Machine equals any in the market. Fur sale by A. Smiley Shaw ville, from #20 up.
See Cuthbertson & Graham s large stock of lounges and parlor suites at surprisingly low prices, quality considered.
( ',,1(1 Storage I Thursday.
Rev. Mr. Lummiss, of Thorne West, and Mr. .Johnston, surveyor of Thorne Centre, was here Thursday.
A party <»i gentlemen interested in mining was at the Utter Lake Mouse Friday.
Sans Ceremonie.
from US
Toronto, July 22.—At a meeting of the city Council Aid. Lynd moved that the Council do protest against thu granting of public financial aid, by the Parliament of Canada, to any company for the construction of a canal from the Georgian Bay to Montreal, via the French and Ottawa rivers until a thorough and complete government enquiry and report be made to PaiLament, as to the capacity, probable cost, and public utility of the said proposed canal, and not until a like inquiry and report shall have been made upon the proposed canal from Lake On* t m'o (it Toronto) to the Georgian Bay, via the Humber and Nottawasaga rivers and Like Simcoe; and (2) That His Ex colli ncy the Governor-General in Council be memorialized to have such inquiry and report made forthwith by Royal Commission or such other impartial means as ho may and that a memorial to the
We have the Best Twine rçade. Price
as low as any other of equal quality.
PERSONAL
* Call and inspect stock of buggies and carts. We have the best.
Mrs. Duncan, of Rockland, Ont. visiting her brother, Mr. R. Woodley
Mr. S. A. Mack ay. Notary, will be in Shawville from 1st to 5th of August.
Mr. It. (i. Elliott is erecting a new cottage for Dr. Lyon at Norway Bay.
The Misses Lyon, of Ottawa, are visiting their aunt, Mrs. J. H. Shaw.
Dr. McKinley has opened an office In one of J. J. Turner's buildings on Main
is
A. Smiley.
The Guild of St. John’s church, Quyon, is having an excursion on Steamer Greene on Saturday, to Queen's Park, Aylmer and return. Fare only 35cents.
May Have Sunday Cars.
The Journal of Monday says :—There is sufficient justification for a Sunday service on the Pontiac and Pacific railroad.
At present the train that runs up from Aylmer on Saturday night does not return till Monday. Many people would enjoy the Sunday trip if the train could be run up in the morning and return at night. There are numerous people summering uu along the < )ttawa and there would be many more if the service was faster.
The most terrific thunder storm of the season passed over this village about midnight on Thursday. Hail fell in some places but not sufficient to do any danu
.Junction
age
St
tSP* The Shawville Marble and Granite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superior class of work in Mon uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
Rev. Mr. Williams, of Thorne, preached in the Methodist church hero on Sunday morning.
Mrs. J. G. Butteiworth, of Ottawa, visited her mother, Mrs. Shaw, Saturday and Sunday.
»ppr
above vfleet bo forwarded to the minister of puMic woiks fur the consideration of the U 'vernor in Council.—Carried.
Sneak thieves continue to ply their ne farious work in and around Ottawa. Several families who are summering out hive had their premises broken into of late, and ransacked.
The family of Mr. W. D. Crawford are out of town at present visiting friends in the sister province.
In the Same Boat
Rumors of an Election
Liberal terms given to responsible parties. . .
Come and inspect viir stock of machinery of all kinds. We have just the kind of goods to suit the farmer, and they are consequently going like hoc cakes. Be in the swim and secure the beat.
\	st,,0' is told about three clergy ^ Ohen0y Rn(, daughter> of 0tUwa. T, r ,nto. July 22. -The World's Mon' 'it 1 ' ? tl.	Are visiting Mrs. A. J. Jack-son, sister of treal special says : 1 ho Laurier Govern*
V 8uc,n t!ie t ie former.	ment has decided to appeal to the people
reverend gentlemen in question, compris-	and thafc before the roads breakup a
ing respectively, a divint; nr thu Catholic,	The Rev.	William Knox and family,	dissolution of Parliament will be an-
hnglishand Picsbytvi i?m < hnivhc.s,vv.s<il\-	aro camping	oil a well elevated and pic-	. nounced. Ministers are said to be getting
Farmers throughout the county | ed to go for a sail. Having safely umbarV t ireeque spot at the North end of Join • ready by sending word into their constit-had an exceedingly hard time of it last ed, they were floating gently down the aton's Lake, Thorne.	| ucucies and getting things in shape. S.nv
week endeavoring to save their hay	crop,	stream when he of the Pres by term n	ntor Dandurand is to take the place of the
owing to the frequent rains.	One	Bris	Faith exclaimed, * \N e have all got into	Mies E'.he!	Armitage, <¦ bairgi -n i I.-,	jate [juii. C. A. Geoff:ion and organize
t 1 farmer, who has a very	heavy	crop	t ho. same boat at* last !' "Yen,” replied	Ont., arrivedIon Thursday evening as, ,,	| ^ R^ec UQCjer the direction of J. I.
eaya it is the worst season for saving hay the good Father, “ami I am at the helm. »pend n holiday with tho friends of hu he has ever experienced.	We have not heard that either of his childhood in this village.
companions jumped overboard.
who, by the wax miles from 1
men,
tele
many
A. Smiley
J. H. SHAW.
Varie.
The World’s correspondent says it is Mrs. nerally believed there that Lord Strath*
contributed #25,000 towards the
Mr. and Mrs. Janies Ilodgins, Richard Hudgins, and Miss Susan Find lay, left on Wednesday morning fur Du minion Springs, Pnkenham, Out.
We have received the initial number nf " Tho Ottawa Valley Advocate and Ciunty Town News,” published at Bryson by Mr. M. Ringrose. Our new co-tem hax a very creditable appearance.
conaL* ¦	¦	¦
Liberal campaign .fund at the last elec-and that Hun. J. I. T.irte's mission to England is chiefly for tho purpose of persuading him to put up again.
The Premier emphatically dentes that •here is any truth in tho rumors. He
that re	least be another	j Temperance Alliance, at its convention	Morning prayer	at
The Rev. It. Whillans, was	inducted	session	before an appeal to the people ia	held in Toronto, last week, passed the	ln-lay. <..>*».
into the pastorate of the Presbyterian made.	; following resolution :	.	. Mrrmonisit n f it*n • 111 >• " jst:
congregations of L .wer Litchfield, Bry-	------------- LfeThat in view of the substantial major- si'n /' v'7.ini p.nV.. K*t-v. Mr. Williams.
son and	Upper Litchfield, at Bryson on << BOB ” INGERSOLL DEAD.	ity in favor of prohibition of all the votes	{Vworth Leagm Monday, 7.3», p.m.
Tuesday.	_ pulled throughout the Dominion in the	Ladits' Prayer .Meeting Tuesday, 7.3*).
The Noted Agnostic Died Sudden-	recent plebiscite, including an overwhelm-	Regular Prayer Meeting Friday, 7.30.
lv From Apoplexy at Dobbs	i >g majority in all the provinces but one,	Bhenhytehi an (Masonic Ball, Rev. Mr
Ferry N. iFriday.	! a id a large proportion of all the possible Back) Sunday. 10.30, a.m.
v des in those provinces, this meeting dej Baptist—iHodgin*' Hall I New York, July 21 —Robert G. Inger- j airis to express its strong dissatisfaction C’areyi- Sunday. :Qm p. m moll died of apoplexy at his home, Dobbs at ths failure of the Government to take Mr. O.B. Kemp, of the Crown Linds Ferry, N. Y , this afternoon.	any steps to give effect to the will of the
Department, arrived in town on Thurs-	Mr.	Ingersoll went to Dobbs Ferry,	paonle as expressed at the polls.	F iitor Equity
lion il under way to have both the water.	Rambler. »t Norway Bay :-Mrs. Rob*.	MeDon	h# was	.tricken, Mrs. Ingersoll offered to	That such prohibition is the only r.th	any blame to her	!.. the matter.
work, and electric lighting under muniei	------------- ^ld, Mr,. John McDonald, and Misses hlye ,he luncheon aent up to him, so and effective remedy for the evil, ut	\\ m. k. Mono,ns, Sr.
a sst.Ap=aX s,.	otter lake. tea»	sw*	M ' sra%%	...... —---------------------—
SflS*»6™ -TO-—-
the Shawville authorities go ahead with , ,V , t p.Lreii the nr< s. nt w‘ k	* I Dr. and Mrs. H. Knox, left hero on and said that he would go down with The resolution further set forth that
the enterprise, they will be worthy of the OnTuesdav last Mr Wm	! Tuesday morning for the Adirondack#, thereat. As he finished speaking and the only measure of immediate legisla-
fullest measure jot support and approba-1	* u Lum. Dsaanaia «»«	where they will likely remain for the was about to rise, he was suddenly stnek- tion that could be regarded as reasonable
tion of the residents of that progressive | f »r:	ô dsm/htpr nf \fr ï balance of the summer months. The on, and fell back into his chair. Dr. C. would be entire prohibition in the six
village.	Carriveau at the R C church th.	Doctor goes for the benefit of his health, H. Judson, of the village, was immedi- provinces and territories that had voted
frew Mercury, addressed by that gentle- A great^many of our neighbors	went	to I	from his trip to the west,	looking much	^is family that he	died of apoplexy.	party, or candidate,	refusing	to	respond
man a few months ago to the Arnprior	the Bay for the 12th.	improved in health. During h,a absence	^hose at Wston	at the time of his	to the demands	oi	the	prohibitionists	to
Watchman, with the object of laying be- fhere was a dance at	Mr.	VV.	Craig’s	W. A. visited several of	the principal	dcath were his wife,	his two daughters,	this extent
fore the citizens of Arnprior, the advsn-	Wednesday, ,	points along rhe O. P. R.,	notably Banff,	Misa Msnd Ingeraoll	and Mrs. Walston
tages of a waterworks system, such as Mr. >Vm. JSrown, of Thornby, went up where he spent several days to avail him- g Brown; his brother in-law, Mr. Far has been established in the town of Ren- ; to Mr. Jas. Way’s, Huddersfield, self of the reputed benefits of the f.ir- ^11 and wife and son-in-law, Mr. Walston frew. The fund of information supplied j	Thursday.	famed baths. He also went north as far	y	Brown. Mr. Ingersoll was about to
by Mr. Smallfield on the subject, should j	Mrs. and Miss Carrie	Moore were	the	as Edmonton, with which section of the	r>.enter the active practice of law, which
materially assist our townspeople in !	guests of Mr. George	Murphy, of	the	Northwest he was more impressed than	several year# past he hid neglected,
reaching a conclusion as to what course j	Depot Thursday.	elsewhere. He says the crops in Manl-,	„	hR(J al/oftice ;n New York on the
that would be favorable to the Council j	Mr. John Kluke went to Kazubazua	toba are much further advanced than in
pursuing in the premises. Whether, Friday, returning on Saturday.	the territories
we have waterworks or not, of course re- Miss Gibson, of Ottawa, is the guest of mains entirely in the hands of the citizens, | Miss Kirk, of Bellmount. so that tt becomes essential to a proper ! There was a dance at Mr. Jos. Roy’s appreciation of the project, that everyone , Friday.
interested should have a fair knowledge The Knights of the Maccabees held of what it means.	j their semi annual meeting last, Friday,
BRISTOL
ion
Church Services
Provincial Prohibition Wont
[Satisfy.
All tho farmers hero aro busy with and contains considerable matter of a their bay, so much showery weather newsy and interesting character. The having kept some back, who if there had Advocate will be independent in poli- been fair weather would be through hay* tier»	ling by this.
Miss Kate Reid, of Ottawa, is home for her holidays Mrs, John Warren
Tho families of Mr. G. F. Hudgins and Mr. A. Smiley, are camping at Norway Bay, where the influx of visitors is daily 0:1 the increase.
Anglican <St. Paul's ; Yen. Vrchdencon .	. Naylor, H Mr. Lowe.)- Sunday services
The Ontario Branch of the Dominion at io.W a.m.. and 7.30. p. m. Weekdays,
Evening prayer,
The wires contained the sad news on Wednesday evening last, to her relatives
here, of the death of Mrs. William	,
Hearl, (formerly Mias Teresaa Shaw, of j in8 at	'XArren 8
this village,) at her home, 220 Nepean j	K-0^- McMahon and daughter, of
St., Ottawa. The deceased had been j Otttawa, were visiting at Mrs McCuaig « , Miss Katie McCagg,' returned t slowly sinking for some tiqye past trom i ^at week.	D. I4 ort today, (Wednesday) after spend-
the ravages of conaumjA on. She | Miss Agnes McLredie, who has been ing several days visiting friends in Shaw-was 45 years of age. Messrs. J. L. and attending school in Arnprior, is home ville. She was accompanied home by J. H. Shaw, brother,, were in Ottawa on for her holidays.	I Miss Maggie Reid, of this village
Friday attending the obsequies.	_ <julte a, few from here attended the
Orange celebration at Campbells Biy on An Eye on Shawville.—Amongst | tbe 12th its editorial items last week the Arnprior Watchman had t Shawville is bu
and baby are visit—
P
Rev. O. C.
A Correction
hp following it a small vi
\
Ah falling health compel* me to leave this locality for a time, I am pleased to he able to recommend Dr. McNaughton—who will occupy my office during my absence — as a man worthy of the confidence of tho »l»l* .
Shawville, July 25, 1H09
fl
«
II. IL KNOX
GENT9 WANTED-FOIt “THE LIFE anil Achievements of Admiral Dewey," the world's greatest Naval hero. By Murat Halstead, the life-long (rlend and admirer of the nation's idol. Biggest and best book : over 500pages, 8X10 Inches; nearly 100 pages halftone Illustrations. Only 81.50. Enormous demand. Big Commissions. Outfit free. ChAnee of a lifetime; Write quick. The Dominion Company'3rd Moor Caxton Bldg., Chicago.
V


Shawville Produce Quotations.
A down east editor has drawn up some new game laws which he wants adopted. The following is a summary :
“ Book agents may be killed from Oct. 1 to Sept. 1; spring pools, from March 1
.i|h,b««,.£,». Po.UlTolegr.ph W. 12& ,‘j
1 to Nov. 1 and Feb. 1 to May 1, while every man who accepts a newspaper two
AGENTS :—If you want to make $2.:o Berlin, July 6.—The Hessian 1 has I years, and, upon being presented with and expenses daily, handle 1 he	* measure requiring bachelors to his bill, says, “ 1 never ordered it I” may
Light of Life.”	nav 25 per cent, more income tax than , be killed on the spot, without reset v» or
BRXuLEY-UARRETScm^Lm^ ^ft\TK/meU.	! relief."-Ch,i.tian Renter.
. 24 tr 20
.	00 to 00

Oats......
Peas......
Buckwheat
Rye.......
Eggs, (fresh,).......
Wool................
Butter.. ............
Pork per 100, dressed
Beef.,
Calfskin,
Hides,..
Pelts....
• • •.
to
to
. 10
11
14 to 10 11 to 13
mg
— to
5.00 to 5.50 5.50 to 7.00
----45 to 50
5.00 to 5 50 -.	35 to 50
er ton
»
‘ I..........................

\ -

###PAGE###2###
V
7


THE EQUITY, JU1A’ '27, 1899
"LIOM OF RÜ8TENBDRB."
I THE SOULAMES MAL.
Mrs. Skinner panned and waited im patient l y.
"You forgot to inquire why ho didn't ask in
EFFKTT ON TKAKKIC LINKS
A represent a ti ve of one of the ling
t lake trn n*|>nrt at ion linen mu id
hunt tin
here and there.
she said.	I ',,,<reitln§ Punt urn till* Whirls Will be
They sat together in Mini Penelope “Wellf" said Mrs. Skinner.	Pemul Worth Perusing.
Hankin s sitting room.	I h re was a quiet dignity about ft is customary to label children in
Penelope was making a braided rug [< n* *'IM‘ *?* she answered 1 always Ja|Kin, t»o that when they wander from
«ml M,* Amo. Skin..«rw.« knitting	aa'an" sheh.T'no‘tnÆ. \o\ltÜ	™Uy ^ r<“Urm*d *°
H s	A Silence had fallen be* L»i him propose, and so 1 didn't let fWdinnl I * ,t h r	tu r
tween them after the first half hum him propos-, and so l didn't let him	1	' soph ( a.spar Mezsofnnti
ask." She turned and went swiftly	1 ''m.u k .i-iv a linguist that he
back to the house.	WiUS ««miliar with 111 languages and
Mrs. Skinner stood still. "Well," sho ' <*lil was j sa id. “1 don't see s I'vo found out much, after all.” and she walked slow-
l Ml
final
tni ill) if# « >|v « i
in the grain Haft in to Huffalu, a ml we I,n u keeping vluee watch of the
development of i he St. Utw reive m.vm-iviu. I ini not i ci lain what the vf-on « in biiMiieMs will he, hut it can hardh be to any great extent mjuri-(ini dr p draught vommpIs van
,|lv inirrnlad SOME PERSONAL TRAITS OF STEVEN
JOHN PAUL KRUGER.
WATERWAYS OFFICIALS TO BE PRESENT AT ITS OPENING.
M\
Ini vi
The Burly Trnlnlng lhnl Hue Hnil*
hnl Hr l< In Hay—Mm|»llrl|y me Nubile Wo Our.
Hw.wk ««*LtKI AP*;Z" H"lori-"‘ 'he S„u.h
through the (\ma<liau canals, just an African Republic, Mr. Van Oortlt, has hv> n.-v carry it to Buffalo for <lm I reoeetly publiahed u history of the to see the opening of the Sou langes nient to New Vork through the Kne | Transvaal
lei minai fari.ities at present at
Him
Tile Ta ! Unit In ike hi. I.uwr.*nve lllirr Uoulr Oliii || Will vieilli lo lirain hlilppvrt Opinions al' sonic I lilrritt» Hen.
R« IrmliMirlUy. Hut Trial l« fill Holla Hr Hu* No pro.
of chat, and each seemed occupied with her own work
IIS
Penelope was, in fact thinking of the black strip she going to put around the edge of het rug, but Mis Skinner was trying to ^ along, defeated and dejected
think of some way to lead up to the subject of Job Liscoml from the West visiting her sister, Mrs Simeon Gurnet
Chicago officials of the International Deep Waterways Association an
An oil-well sinker, Win. I). Burdick > i Bradford, l a by the exidotiiiMi of a mtro-gycerine magazine.
In 1 he Milling Coniimny's milt at Atlanta. Ga he«ini at Macon forty miles distant. Willow and |* piar corky are now
lifted ni K ranee for chauipugue Loll Icy by some of the wine producers.
Many of the b* uses in the Bermuda*
are built of the rock vouai cast ou the
beach by tlie sea waves, It is very
durable, white in color, and ihmmeablv to the air cun ente, which keep the riMuns cool at all times.
Dog flesh is frequently served as
planning a trip to Canada in August
was blown to atoms
which contains ihe hiegrn-
i hies of its notabl It lei
Oi tours»
can a I qiWti
l*oit Colboi in- for such a traffic
i he) will
maud foi i hem
canal, says a Chicago lellei Lyman K. Cooley, American vice-president of ilie association, says, that a party would probably be organized, mvlutl iug as invited guests a dozen oi more representative citi/ens interested in tlie deep waterways movement. Foui of the officers of I fie fVej Waterways Association are Chicago men, Captain J. S. Dunham being treasurer, Mr. O A. Thorpe, stale president, and Mi George O. Stone, a member of the exe vutive commit tee. The president of the association is Mr. O. A flow laud, of Toronto.
«mong the
. but | chief ol whom le the President, femi» siniig up ii iheru 1» a de- liarly known as O m Paul.
Shv was
on.
ia a whistle which can be
BLIND MAN S FEAT.
mil she had chosen this afternoon tu sih iuI with Penelope Rankin.
The b under of the family
was a certain Jacob Kruger, who arrived at Cape Town in 1713 as a y. uih of 17. in the service of the Dutch East India Company. Jacob Ktujer was a (hr
» Hiked itiOO Villi % to "k iui«av llllmlrit
ll> till* ’Mill'» Kll>1.
THE USE UT I’lHI UME.
One of the most remarkable trips in the hist of > of \laskan travel was recently finished t y Shub»»rt Nichols, a blind in m, who walked all ihe w ay f mm i he middle fork of ihv Kuyokuk river, north of the \ nkon, 1,605 miles
to the roast. crossing five ranges of mountains, lie has been mining along the Yukon river and its tributaries,
Have von ever found out why she wouldn't marry Job Lievombi ‘ Mrs. Amos had asked vv lien they were talking about Penelope that afternoon.
"No, we haven’t," Mrs. Simeon had replied.
I believe 1 11 find out this afternoon. I’d just as lit ( ask her right out.”
I don’t believe vou’d want
Ifs I «mi I rr«-1 »# N «il I un l«l' r» «I II» *«#« U ly— Only ns h riiiwvr	Ils èrugraiier
SllWUllI II hi I l« I M 14 4#.
The lut) fret* use of pet fume «t about the |«etson his been avoided loi many irul belli .midimssible m good
man. A descendant of bis
Kruger, married and settled on the
Hu hook farm, near Coleabêrg in Cape
Colony. It was ilivre Unit Stepbanua Johannes Paul Kruger was born
society, the meiest hmt of a faint odor Oct. 10,	182-5. While mil!
Caspar
\eai8
on
food fur human beings in Saxony, The
authorities in Berlin Insist that dug*
and the glare of the sun iqsm t he ! intended for human consumption must
b- buhm t ted to ante-mortem and post
-	quite a
.ill that was ix>ssibly allowed, ehilil h had to h Ip hi* parents, in his
H^rvnUv tliia e.livl gm.<l tante lia* I °inl1h	«omnimi-s nvling a a
herd, and even leading the oxen in the
Later, when yet too small to handle the heavy musket of the period, expensive ones he went after game with bow and arrows. and return'd to the farmhouse will» in my a hare and partridge. Then
and he went to begin a life That was the
reared and in which he was trained to be what he is. lie received his baptism of fire in battle with the Mat a be I a before the occupation of Vechtkop, the °hd took part in the repulse of the /u u.s in the aftiuk on (ho laager which foiloweil the massacre at Weenen id I. At 18 he became Assistant
and two years later at-Later on he served as Commandant and Commandant-General, was on ) of the Triumvirats during the war of m lepeudonce, in 1880 83, and has been 1 rendent si me The sweet and souple jar of the |K>t- I the ret rotes i« n oi	the	terntoiy ot	the
pourri of roses, dear to country draw- repub.ic by Great	Britain to	its own
dian	government	has	been	making, uig-rooms, and lending tin in a sugges- Governtmnt. By	his	people	he	is
along	the	St.	Law re me	river	foi	a	tivf.cha,m «“ tht-" VW,V w«. ¦ P»s- I N-oken of a* the
session oi the ancients as well as of
the moderns. Ducts there was a law
opened, boats drawing fourteen feet of j passed in lu no forbidding the person-
water or less can pass freely from the a I and private use of perl urnes not :
through social or sanitary conaidera-lions, but for fivtr, so large was the
grew," translated into Chinese, repre-1	ihw change areurding to Air usr ,lf them that there would not be
sente Christians with a shaved head and | (ool‘“>'. "ho has studied the IransM-r enough left for the services in the a pigtail.	j ta turn problems, of the country for temples. One of the imperial ladies,
zz'iz: :::: »	-H ri,; r„ü	,
tains and down again to Pish creek is and Berlin are shot through pneu-I Iet 18 0,1 commene. He said.	Arabia could have produced that year; i
Mr. suinnvr xvsite,! a moment but vaH^ i then across this level valley to niatic tubes. The distance is 7601	“* am confident that the new canal j Emperors, and priests and people in j
ik.i. unis : l ,	1	’ Bonanza creek and up Bonanza to its miles, and the time of transit is 35 will reduce the rate to the seaboard I*’"**1- have always been lav .sh m
ject, no, I guess you knew what you man«s valley, then on to the valley of lr<|N f°r a P‘ano 0,1 the ground that commercially tributary to Chicago, ami, Mohammedan heaven more at- I were about.”	1 the Old Man to Old Man creek. The the agent forced her to buy it by first diminish the
noi u navi him. ^	' er chief of their forefathers had great
* 8}1PI>ost‘ thei es a good many ! pOWer over the ear ill and its inhahi-wouhl like to know that, said Bene- tan(s
lope, calmly.
Mrs. Skinner had held her breath
Oh
being
ti
Mr. Cooley says that it had been suggested to make the trip by boat from Chicago to Montreal, but that he did not approve of tlie idea for the it a sou that it. would take too much time, lie thought the party would probably are m iu w hat «n
go to Clot el md .uni cross Ukt to Port Co I borne, the entrance to the wearing of Inige hunches of \ iolets has
fields of ice and show during last came nearly ending his eye-Kach day of the past summer
(be return of bis sight, and as late as the first snow m the fall lie was still hoping to ' see his way” again. The winter came on, and his eyes becoming no better, ho determined to cress t lie five ranges, of mountains to the N uk.m from his home on tbe middle fork of the koyokuk
Yes. 1 would. She and 1 used to be good friends, and it is so many years since I've seen her that she’ll be feeling like telling me things that she wouldn’t tell the rest of you that have lived right along with her might say her as not.” »
But now, as she looked at Penelope,
She decided not to ask to lead up to t he
strictly regarded, and .is violet ami sandal-
not been so such i*irfwm -s wood, both of I hem
mortem examinations.
Iron visiting cards, with the name
printed in siher, aie used in Germany.
The cauls are one four-hundredth of an inch in thickness.
The submarine telegraphs of t lie world number about 1,500, and aggie-
" agon
nu mg
sigln.
found him h«>| mg for
w hen pure, together with held rope,
favor again. It i* Erie*1 quite likely that the \eiy general
came the trek into Natal, ou into the wilderness « : toil, care and danger. M'hool in which he was
as you
Yes, I’d just as lief ask
gate a length of 170,001) miles. Through them about 0,000.(0.» messages are annually transmitted.
Some talk has been led the way to t hut. indulged in by the Canadian proroot- ! It » s not easy to eradicate the love
of j of perfumes any way, for the nerves made to appreciate them will always demand satisfaction ; and since
Welland canal
she hesitated her right out, but
aged 80, of Cumber- prs of the deep waterways plan
Jason Webb
to Skaguay, and land. Kt., thinks he is the head of the I having a Canadian government steam
The largest family in the world. He has Ier convey the party eastward from
10 children, 17.1 grandchildren, and 100 Port Colhorne to Montreal. Another - race, civilized or uncivilized, has exist-gi ea i-gmndchiIdren.	| plan suggested is to go by rail to 1 'res- ed, the loie of |H*rfumcM lias existed I ^hi.iI
Even an mais are sensitive to Field Cornet
tnd it used to be said that tlined lu 1 rank
river, tramp it out to reach Seat I le for treatment story of the trip was given by Mr. Nichols as follows: "My companion, W. r. Phillips, and 1 concluded to secure all the mail Me could and carry it out at #1 t*-r letter, to assist in expense money. W e had g. oil placer ground, but little ready cash. We secured ti.) pay letters and about as many more 'thanks letters. We left the North
question cautiously.
‘ You do seem to be real comfortably situated,” she said at last. "And you ain’t grown old, like me. Your house is just as pretty as can be, and, well, 1 guess you’ve done better than some that’s married.” She laughed a little nervously. It wasn’t as easy as she expected. She wondered if that was too abrupt a beginning.
Penelope smiled placidly. 1m greatly favored," she said, "and l don’t feel any reason for complaint with my loi.”
Mis Skinner went on with more confidence. "1 guess you didn’t make
Before beginning to natch, a pigeon cott, Ont-, near the first canal on tin lays two eggs, uad they invariably pro-| st. Law retire, where about will be j perfume*
une of the helps of the great horse
too
duce a mate and a female. Experiments have demonstrated that the egg first laid produces a male.
placed at the service of the party
lamer Karev v\.iy
LAST LINK IN THE V11A1N
A HI M il OF VIOLETS
the female attendants at a Chinese
The new canal is the last link in tin improvements that the Cana
wedding are usually selected for their | chain of ugliness so that the bride’s beauty may
American Transportation and Trading be enhanced by contrast.
The Church of Our Saviour, in Moscow, is one of the costliest church edifices in the world. Four million dollara
| headquarters on the Kuyukuk river at
LION OF lU MLNJJUKt;
number of years
Ah soon as it is
Although a republic, ih« cmiralixu-tion adimnstruti n m the Transvaal is i u h that noth n< can be done without the Council.
bo * ness is often months in arrears. Mr. Van Oordi admits the evil of this and agrees with the contention of the Volk^raud, that moie power should be delegated to the beau officials oi the Government. President Kruger, however, is most sir ngiy opposed to tbs, believing it wuu.d be dangerous in a young .state tit cu instanced as the Transvaal is to in.rust the Government wholly to ofâiciais. JB irud-
tr active. So	the hour is were I	but trust uj one, ' is the Pi vs-
declared to have bodies of pure musk. l<*enl s l^* moi to, which he ulten l he Turk has always been mare fond	$,n * which is, according i<> bin
Likewise it uf musk than the Occidental is.	I Inc mis, the pain wisdom ul laullxiu-
At a later peiiod than that of Rich- Ker* ^ *8»	¥ an Goiut, the
, II u. ...... I,, JL. A	à" ¦1	t sas EctlKH- siF58
HSkm :ir	! E HéfuEEË1 sSS H3
,__|	M	accidentally killed their young child., p,nt contained lO.db pei tint.	As advisory engineer to the commis- of the court at about that period for baa said that he be.leved God gave man
disappointed vxpiession came over her The chief, in his wrath, turned the old Some uf the cliff dwellings recently sion appointed two years ago by Gov-! two lovers to use I he same perfume. strong drink to u e. and i hat there is face. *VVeil, you cant deny 'twas xx uinan into a whole range uf mown- FX|.i1>rtl<i ,n Arizona bv scientists nos-	to nor black, of New York, to investi-	Our grandmothers, and theirs before	no harm in its	moderate u e. A though
curious, she said, with the slightest ta[nSi an<j likewise the man, and be-	...	.	.	,	...	i gate i he Erie Canal and improvements	them, sometimes scented their hair-	| fairly	wealthy	lie	lives the ordinary
trace of untation in her voice. ’ There tween thvUJ hv put lhv Hold, in the T* i.m,,?l,0'nS l.hat tluy	in V^^ress upon it, Mr Cor ley	be-	dressings by means of an apple stuck	! life of a well-to-do Afrikander, in u g-
hed been going with you steady that | ^ape 0f a level va I lev, which is full pied b} ,hum;\n ,®mgS “'T8.,:!.;.	came aware that New Yorkers	are	full of cloves and spices, kept a long	IUK neither in ostentation nor feslivi-
spring, and then all at once he stopped t,f ]akes and is covered with deer moss, :v,,ir,h ;t Vlv 1 ie 1 18CO>e,y 0	* 1 1	‘ awakening to the dangers to their t me in the pomade, which was perhaps ties. To poor burghers he has sent
short, and neither of you gave any aJl<i ;s thought to be fine hunting *' Columbus.	,	commerce caused by the completion of j as simple a method and provided as1 money withiut any security, knowing
reason for it th&t 1 have ever	heard grounds during ihv proper season,	Ihe ei post-visual reflector is are- the Canadian canal system. The &mpie an aroma	as could bave	been	he	aaid, tiiat	they	were	honorable
Continuing our journey we came over	cent invention. By an arrangement of Montreal route, he .thinks, will slowly invented. They	loved, too, the	odor	men.	In character	Oom	Puu	is stiff-
“No, said Penelope; 1m sure I t}ie Yukon range and struck the Yu-	mirr,)I 8 it enables	the wearer to see	Eut surely divert the	grain export • uf patchouli, with which every thing	necked — obstinate n< me say — and
never have."	kon river, about 200 miles below the	behind him. it will	be extremely use-	1 uide from New York.	I mler the1 coming from India or China in those	lui of hirdih od This quality be
A tinge of color flamed up m Mrs. porcupine Hiver. We then came up fu| l(> :ot,u^y8 drivers, bicyclists and	new conditions there is no way,	ac-1 rich old days of the India trade was	has displayed on many occasions, Lur-
Skinner s face. 1 his was rather ms- j the Yukon to Dawson. While on the tKiI&int»n	'	’	cording to Mr. Cooley, in which	the	loaded—somawhat too powerfully for	mgtho war of in lepcndence, with only
appointing. She controlled her voice Yukon a wolf took one of our dogs	.	.	.	. .	.	, ..	.	,	New York route can compte with that modern taste; but perhaps thev loved	a small escort, li * nde into the kraal
with an effort, and went on patiently: aWay from the sled at night. At	A (hurch 8°cie ^	1D slin8l< ’	'	via Montreal, or come	within a cent 1 the scent more for its association with	of a Kaffir chief who was making
Tt was awful strange. My! 1 can Lkiwson i lost one uf my dogs, that don, has established a public laundry, ui two a bushel of doing so. Concern- the wonderful shawls and sealfs ami trouble for thj U ers, and, though he remember just how you looked that 1 had been travelled over l.OtK) miles,	where any poor woman is supplied ing the effect on Montreal, Mr. Cooley	stuffs which it accompanied than for	ran great risk of	being	attacked,	eiz-
You had a lavender delaine, Mr. Phillips sold his two dogs and ran	xvitb soap and every convenience, for speaks as follows:—	*	itself.	ed him	by	the	neck.	The re	u	t	of
and it was terrible becoming, and , ahead of the North American Trans- accomplishing a big wash, at a cist of "If this lessening of rates ispermnn- FRAGRANCE OK THE HOSE	the interview, begun under such un-
and I began to keep company.	But time to i^kaguay. The trip, although	A musical pigeon belongs to Mrs. Montreal will be checked, since there • ?!,,)rne<1..,,1Rt lhB*v	«‘Hunted no mmun-
you were good looking that year,”she ht covers nearly 10!) days to travel	Louis V. liaslup, of Ellicott City, Md. will be less need of transferring grain !	a“'' '
E i
when it came to an end ao sudden, and'making the trip. We were laid up ; ^r,chee ltse f ^ the performer,	much le8S> an(J lhe laHt (,,lH	,#U,rbV lor,lwhow charm
everybody guessed a different reason, three weeks, all told, by wind and wa- an<[ 8ua3H its head from side to side,	tlon j8 neerjy i{ thousand mile*» near-1	/n" y inip.ind natuiai flowers carries
S..mv thought it was his mother made 1Pr and resting the dogs. Our t< tal	?n(l occasionally coos in the effort to er Liveriw 1.* Cargoes can thus be in-	[ht,‘ fn,g1ance of the rose with her,
lb* trouble, and some said you hated walk was 1.605 miles. 'The coldest day	keeP ume lo lbe variations of the creased and t he cou I sui ph diminished	(Ul, 0,1 y ns lhe r08e itself aheds it.
smokin’ so bad, but 1 always thought was 59 degrees below zero. We had	,une-	A transatlantic line oi steamers with	iV1! a!n,,ng| the extracts of flowers
it was her he married afterwards." three weeks of an average of 48 be- Visitors to the jail at Havana must cargoes from Montreal outward would	m'	USe
„ riV'S'r. -• *» -d	.«.¦ -«v-'-	¦» 7- >"•; -«	:: ««"ra.-CTu .tt
r-msik^
world is beginning to respect the	twenty times the explosive force of	erway would make New York city the fu| ail(i a h ,lf uf 11 pWfhd tens^°°f «onal strength in stiuggl s	1
worker, and worker* are found among	dynamite. During experiment, at	JZn'exfwed, andwo'îl.l'T ad'W 10 il «» TtOli place in bi.tory, Mr. Van
X tenna, in the firing of cannon, the	80re t<> th, city ^premie, ,u the mat! ^ , “r . L° eive ll » del.ctou* fia- 0.,rdt says, Pau- Kruger ha» be n c m-
We read of Mademoiselle Valtntine liquid air was exploded by an electric ter of imports, for where ships van re- ' ' 1	°8f <e<elving tbe connoisseur, pared with Washington with Lincoln,
I , the eldest daughter of the spark, and the results were extremely gularly get full cargoes they will re-	-	-	land even with Ulysse» and Blue her,
said Penelope. xvenown French novelist, starting a satisfactory. No beat was developed in turn as soon a* possible and bring back	SO THOUGHTFUL,	and many other i lustrious historical
Ihere was a	mischievous gleam	in	her	school of millinery for apprentices and	(he guns, and the range of the pro-	whatever they can get at low rates” Mr B inkier . n , ,, personages. It m unds well, says the
eyes. "I don't say so, and	that	wasn't	amateurs in Paris. Edmond About	jectiles was much increased.	MH CRAWFORD ON THF SYSTFM mamma an #w*uily mvf oma gute historian, but the fact remains
illiSi ss§?ss§ mm* mmm liliill
» eu.... J^ifz^sssi	**	zsvsr&x % "-T	“¦——:	aa îtsæsms szrs
r	5 ,22""	*—-—coh,n0 àài church.
###:	mm
BfflBSSMMWBa
Royal Highness" an ordinary-looking make her valuable as a museum freak, j I, e greatly increased by the euii ;ov- Th « * .,	hNV‘	M>i Transvaal independence, lhe L
lady, with a parcel under her arm | he tried to force her to eat glass, car- | ment of these vessels, and trii 4 n r^i	' .	. y°u think the mir- then wi 1 fight ; he will defenn nim^ -
pet tacks, and other indigestible truck Puerto Rico and Cuba could be made n,^'*!	,U ^ in	ever develop 1° ,he	,îf b,‘ ' 'lo' ; a*} lh n
I M	£ 2 1I Ü fc %	t SZuSh" S
* »*_txu,n a riBiilt.	1 hanu* Johannes Paul Kiug«ii.
Peavy trading iHKst, some hiit) miles up the Kovokik jiver, and struck up the south fork uf thu kim.kuk to Jim was slMinl i,s constjuelioo
ocean to the Great Lakes, and vice
consent of the Executive The c< nsequence is that
An edition of the
Pilgrim's Pro
hen up the latter (or t>U miles
river when we
STRUCK ACROSS COL NTH i
any mistake that time you gave Job Lise mb the mitten
They say they're as poor as picry, and now he’s had to
go and break his leg, and—well—they seem to be in a peck of trouble all the iiin
No
imount of grain now going south to Galveston, New Orleans and other gulf cities will have a tendency to bi ing to Chi
The richest milk is that which comes
and looked at her friend with blight, piercing eyes, but at this answer a
of
spring
war
While still a youth his gun. which lie had overloaded in Older to make bure of a rhinoeeroi ho was hunting, burst and shattered the top of his left thumb. Before he ecu d get as-istan e the wound began festering, for he was far distant from lurgicai help, and threatened mortification upon
He tbeie-
AMPUTATED THE THUMB
at the first join; with a pocketknife, but finding the first operation insufficient, he cut off the secun l joint,
after which «hc h biographer says : '
do this ia not the man to he easLy
Many stories are to d il-
far
A i his
The man who could
"You know he began to go with her pretty soon after you got through with him
SENSIBLE WOMEN
Well, I thought p'rhaps he
didn't know his own mind, and maybe,	.	,	, .	.
sien him larkin' round her------- men and women feared to turn their
"Well," said Penelope, suddenly, "do : hands to any useful work lest they you blame a girl for being mad under | should lose their social standing. The such circumstances?”
Mrs. Skinner caught her breath. It was coining out now.
"So that was the reason?" she said, I the highest classes her voice shrill with excitement. "So that was the reason. You don’t say!” | About "No, I don't say
The day has almost gone by when
cents to a dollar to i>ermit him to depart. If he objects, an hour or two in a dark cell brings him to terms.
e li-
lt is asserted that liquid air has
SCO
out
Penelope stood in the door with nn amused smile on her lips, and watched h* r visitor till she» reached the road !b n she stepped out and ran lightly •ftei he:. "Mrs. Skinner,” she call-
¦
vorce
bold.—11 W. Beecher
td
?




###PAGE###3###
T

;
THE EQUITY, JULY 27, 1F9D
|ihi fair. The competitive ezhibitlone, ih* m-rilorlouii display», the awarding of prize* are all robbed of the undivided inlertwt Ibal belong» to them, and which the ma nagera have labored day and night to develop.
The morale of the country auff r H'ri »unly. we believe, from actions and words I bat, without warning, are sprung upon Inquisitive audiences in the tent hIiowh.
A JAWBONE OVERTRAINED.
ter and fry to a delicate brow n Take iheiti out, duel over with sugar and serve with sweet or wine Haute.
[HOUSEHOLD. I
ACTES A A D COMMENTS.
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
Il 4.H* Oui or Joint Whrn II I* I lu
4nuer or lu Joy.
Il has long been appuient that the rapid development of railway uud water communication* in Siberia, and the growth of the movement for the unification of lb ' empire, would necessi-t-ute a reform of the Russian penal system
settlers, and the rise of communities in Siberia as industrious and progressive as any in Russia proper, it is inevitable that there should be not only protest against the further deportation of criminals, to the territory, but desire to remove, so far as possible, the stigm i attaching to it from ils earlier use. I or it is largely upon conditions as they were, not as they exist to-diy, that the popular ideas about exile to Siberia are based, the system having been greatly modified in recent years, though forced labor in the wines still affords a means of exceptionally severe punishment for real criminals. For the vast mass <tt exiles, however, the hardshiifs of the system have been greatly ameliorated, and though doubtless easily susceptible of abuse, it is no longer one of unrelieved barbarity, such as tbe old accounts and the statement s of imperfectly informed present-day writers would lead iw to believe, indeed, the worst evil of the sys'em has always been its arbitrary use for the punishment of political offenders with the same rigor us those who had committed of few es against the criminal law, the other evils being perhaps no greater than those endured under the Uritish system of exile to Botany Bay.
I'ICTUKKS ON THE W ALL
A bright young woman, with an inventive turn of mind has devised some
chaini ng bus of wall decoration for her country home. A careful selection
of the niagizine reproduction# of famous paintings, h is been her inspiration. and from these she h a chosen well known classicU subject», including a couple of Madonnas, Mona Lisa, the Lao# unn, the Venuses, a Rosa H<»n-heui and so on. These she h s mounted on grayish blue* blotting* paper, gom times one alone
groups of three, tin- pape* m king a mat „f tint. indwriUable tint whirl.	trying W mrr he.
s.ems to bring out the picture with- icii science lun uud, out infringing on it» rights of stage centre. ine*|>enaive gill frames hive been the finishing touch, and with almost no outlay at all she. has produced something which ia pleasing to the eye ind gives the room that last touch which unpiclured walls will never have.
The unfrained picture, altliogh pardonable in a studio or college girl's room, does not appeal to the careful housekeeper to whom, as to Ainiel, ‘ the unfinished is nothing." On the other hand, the re illy fine work of reproduction now in vogue is too tempting to throw aw iy or relegate to scrap books.
The old charge that doctors try to keep people sick rather than to oinks them well ought to be withdrawn forever s<> far as it concerns I he doctors at one of the New York city hospitals If ever the abstract principle >f cur*
t be
ANIMAL ODORS IN MILK
" Nor
I hey stood on the |torch of the old farmhouse,
In the moonlight's golden glow ; 'Do you love me enough to I** mine?" he h i id,
She softly answered " No.”
To find out how animal odor gets inMason fruit
to milk, 1 took one-pint jnre. washed them perfectly clean, adjusted the rubber rings, screwed the covers down and took them to u stable
Th • -H m the stable
With the steady influx of
mg people, no matter what in the matter wit h I hem, was reduced to «an absurdity, it has been so earned <>u there in the. I ,yt few days. The doctors have. g«it hold of a woman whose
LIGHTNING HOLES.
at milking tiin et cm d to lie moderately pure, probably not lx tier than the iivei age in Hitch buildings milk<d. the runs were filled two-thirds
llww lier lllHitiftrr «if a l.lglHnlna
U Aurr rfulin «I.
'Did you ever see t he diameter of a
lightning
geologist.
which once inclosed a flash of lightn
Do you re illy mean it, darling f" he ¦aid,
Before he turned to go, said a | With the sweet love-light in her true
blue eyes,
She softly answered
dislocated when Him
become#
Ah soon us fi vow wuh
jaw
wolds liei hush mil, and they are actu
flash measured f 'Well, h**re is t lie case
sometimes in
This is med
full of til
of one .screwed on
milk and the cover tgtbtly and the can
cold run-
No"
warm
ing, fitting it exactly, so that you ch see jmt how hi g it was This is call ed a 'fulgurite,' or 'lightning hole, an I the material it is made ofi is glans. | and bro idcumg I will tell you how it w is manufactured, though it only took a fraction of a second to turn it out.
'When a holt of lightning strikes a bed of sand it plunges downward into i he s ni 1 for i disi ill c less oi greater, transforming simultaneously into I R a filing U ' '> h* in le higher, gla»a the silica in ih- nn.Urial through !•“*«> 11 «'«ht, that >t may appear to which it i,,,**» Thus by it» great I recede. Deeding the color used ou
heat it forms a glass tube of precisely ilH own size. Now and then su h a tube known as 'fulgurite is found and dug up. Fulgurites have been followed into Mi»* sand by excavation
he muscles of the jaw
rums ON COLORING
They aiy I ha are too supple and permit I he joint at the lop of the cheek to work out
It has often been said I bat
al ou et submerged in very ning water until thoroughly chilled. I hen placed upon a shelf until niorn-I h * other can was allowed to remain op, n on a slidf hack of the cows uni il after supper, when it was closed
There aie colors Lh it are refreshing
it liera that absorb
of plac
buuli i pei s »u h id his tongue hung in
hoxed-up appearance to a room, others tint make « room with a hh* ik, northern exposure, or with no ex[h»iuie at all, appear light and cheerful , some th*t make a room appeir warm, some that make it cold.
light and giv
mg
itv middle 01 had t loose tongue, hut a lo jiw ,m l a jaw hung in the middle ire n ivcities. 11 > ould serm as if b< ieii e w >uld lie much more lbenefited
up for the night.
In ill ' morning both cans were shaken up, op 'tied and tested for odor mistake in determining the one op#m n.‘e<l have been made, in fact a man was called who detected lbe stable odor in this one, without previously
The sample
No
by the s' U'iy <>f the phen uuerion than . by attempting to cure it. ll might not be ducli «* lu ill plan t<> study bow to produce i he efie.n, rat her than how to cure it.
They tity they ire going to cure it. And wli.iL id the husband doing# Ate piiemly he 14 standing by and seeing this disease cured and never lifting a voice in protest. I'erhspa lie
that, if i> is to b
it will be bet 1er for him t <. ord as having favored 1 he cure las having opposed it. In that c-t id no doubt showing far-sighted pru-; den' e Ur r haps he i.*> so used to being scolded 1 lut he prefers ii to the biience which his followed the twenty dislocations of the jaw which his wife has suffered.
To let the ose patience and pois* mm, t >1 it id said that laughing dis* locates her jaw the same as scolding. She re illy ought to learn rhe gentler m idea of expression which so distinguished the. dead and gone heroine of
wept with dee
smile and
left
the
thu ceiling would make it lower—.n effect desirable if the room is ami 11
Various
knowing of its presence which was drilled also bad an udoi\ hut
Each sample
and the ceiling very high tones of yellow ue substitutes for sun
I HE ART OF LOOKING COO I
not an obj ctionabl 1 one was tbf-n poured into a glass flask anil slow ly h ated As they warmed up, I be opened one gave off a noticeably disagreeable odor which entirely disappeared a lit tie later. The other, or t b • chilled can, showed nothing offensive during the heating gave off *4 rather clean, pleasing odor such as x in mates from pure milk while heating.
The indications from this single test aiv that the odor imparted by the tv tbe milk while yet m the udder was not in this instance, at least, of such a nature or of sufficient quantity to demand aeration
milk to the stable atmosphere for a short period only, caused an amount of odor to Ik* a I wo r bed which made it high!) desirable to remove it by some such m ans as aerating or heating. The fact that the odor passed away on
heating the milk indi ties that pas**
dinary citizens. The system has thus teurizing is one of the most efficient ceased to mean i>ermaiieiu isolation for ! m'an^ of, ridding milk of odors, not tv
m m 1 ui Its powei of destroying fer-
m-‘lit at ion.
Aeration, which depends solely upon ait which is either forced into the milk or which comes in contact with milk in a finely divided state, has its field of usefulness and is successful in removed criminals. In short, a point has iug odors
been reached, at which, both in the valued by cheese makers and others.
and if the sir brought in contact with the milk in aeration, is of a low tempi-rature and free from germs, this method cannot fail to bo of great service, but as these requisites are an uncertain supply with most of us, especially during the summer months, when most needed, we still hold to the old idea of clean milking by clean bandit in as pure an atmosphere as ol>-tainable, followed by rapid chilling and agitation—the latter omitted, of course, lu case the milk is to be creamed by the gravity process.
This is very desirable. Is it. not n comfort In feel that you are an igree-able-looking person to meet ?
To seler.t a correct color is of t h**
greatest importance. While and bl ick
are effective; light green and w h 1 e form an attractive combination, the various blues, lavender and w bite are also excellent.
Select easy shoes, preferably tan ones, and loose cornets. Wear h gh si ending collars or the softer, dainty effects, according to the gown, the individual taste and ability.
When weaned shopping, rest t few minutes in the library or art gallery, returning ready to rope with the multitudinous cares of our bu»y life
Avoid all iced drinks.
Don't seem to burry.
Don’t thmk about the weather. While the mercury mounts rapidly upwards, if you toil not, thank Heaven for that ; if you do, rejoice that you have the necessary strength, and that the work an I you have met.
As much depends on the spirit is on
Be at peace with yuur-Tlnnk neitbei of your faults nor your trials.
Going forth quietly with heart, a sweet fare and an appropriaie summery gown, one will have learned this art of looking cool.
feels
for ''K*"
ured any way lie ou r«c-i ban me, ha
The thermometer seems to fill six
nearly thirty feet. They vary in interior cli iinsier fr«»LU the size of a qui.I | degrees when you walk into i
to three inches or more according to room. Yellow i« an idvaneing color the 'bore of the flush	j therefore a room lilted up in yellow
But fulgur ites are not nhoo Pro- | will appear smaller than it is. On the du ed ill sand ; t heyy are found a,so in j ^tier hand, blue of . cer tain shade in-HOiid rock, though very naturally of troduced generously into a room will slight depth, ^ind frequently existing give ,lfl „p, t {>( bl,acu Heu makes no merely as i thin, glassy coating of the j difference in regard to size
. utface. Such fulgurites occur astonishing abundance on the summit of Lit tie Ararat in Arm nia rock is soft and so porous tbit blocks I a
blue
In fact, it
Green
i| >ne would cultivate 4 of mind in the wo-
rn w
l.n j make* very little.
If a bright, sunny room gets its light from a space ostruded upon by russet-colored or yellow-pi luted a foot long can be obtained and per- j houses, or else looko sut u|w»n a stretch forated in all directions by little ' ube.s j (>f green grass, it should be decor j ted fi.led with bottle-green glass formed i ^ color very different from the sh ole from t he fuse rock. There is a small j chosen if the light shade comes from specimen in the national museum which has the appearance of having be u bored by the tered > and the ho es j junction with ma hog my furniture, the made by the worm subsequently fill-1 result is very different from whit it ed with glass.	j would be if blue were used. Blue would
"Some wonderful fulgurites were develop the tawny orange lurking in found by Humboldt on the high Ne- j the mahogany.
va da de Toluca, in Mexico. Masses.of | Bed brings out in a room whoever the rock were covered with a thin lay- | hint of green lurks in the composition er of green glass. Its peculiar shim- j of the other colors employed, mer in the sun led Humboldt to ascend j Green needs sunlight to develop the the precipitous peak at the risk of yellow in it, and mike it seem cheer-his life
the
The greatest horrors occurred on the march to Siberian prisons, large numbers of convicts dying on the way, but tho advent of the railway has removed that feature, and has also brought in an increasing body of settlers, among whom the exile*, after their period of imprisonment, may dwell as or-
Tbo exposure of the
“Ben Bolt,” for she light when you gave h"r trembled with feir at your frown Of c >urst
thmgs would b»' born to die young, as gweef Alice did, bu» they would relieve this constant dislocation of tho Weeping would never dislocate a Neither would trembling, unless
Ami a woman
her
x p i rise of sky
only an unbroken
If olive or red brown be used in con
who did t hose
my hod y
j i w jaw
it was carried to excess
the exiles, and indeed many of them, and of their descendants, have so far taken their place with the new settlers that they are protesting against the discharge among them of harden-
the rout urne self and the world
who dislocates her jaw scolding husband is not likely to tremble at his frown sufficiently to displace any
serene
boride
ful
Such aerating is much
MIDST MM Kit DISHES
CHANCERY CASES.
interests of the settlers and of the development of the country, it is desirable that Siberia should cease to be made a dumping-ground for the moral refuge of Russia, and the Czar has accordingly appointed a special commission, utoder the presidency of the minister of justice, to consider without delay, the whole question of Siberian smile. This commission is to inqure into the feasibility of substituting some other punishment for exile by courts of justice, and particularly to find some means for the restriction or abolition of administrative exile by the communal authorities, who are said to be responsible for nearly one-third of the deportations to Siberia.
WARS FROM TRIFLING CAUSES
Potted Baked Beef-Take a juicy
NOVEL WAY TO SAVE MONEY
piece of boiling beef, enough to fill ycur bean pot, cover with water, add-
E— Em
doubt conducive to du!ness. 1 he sub-
I'mlsenl
Sayings of Some of I wglanU *
Judge*.
Velly Quarrel* Have ilrougbl on Moody
I on Mr !¦» In Shi* P**l.
The New Mel hod Adopted by I be «-rriniiii
Saving* ItjiHli.
German banks hive a novel way uf
Many wars bave had trifling
mi <es
A dispatch altered in one <>i two points by Bismarck brough Genu in conflict, fuoetiouiiy that inly three men in Europe ever knew whit, the Schleswig-Ho I stein tr» u'd s which led to the wars
ml 'wo of them died be-
lli ka iron
mer during hot weather
In-
inducing persons to save money stead of waiting for the working men and women to come to the bank and
one of the
n the Fnnco
jects of trusts, suite, administrations, ing days, mortgages and settlements have little Desserts—Dainty
lu them to call out witty sallies. Nev- pensive, uf them there is no end. Short-ertheless, the Law Journal has no cakes please filmist all if properly difficulty in showing that enquity and p re pa nod, pud five or six minutes
epigr.im are Dot ania*oni»t»c. For ex-j l8 ample time in which to prepare one	certain fijt,d 8uma each week.
utnl,le;	„	.	ready for the oven, an,1 they are a when a depositor deair.a to open ,n
Lor,l Justice Kn^ht-Bruce, on hear- suitable d.sh for any meal, and «he	^	bank giving
ing of an administration suit, playfully fruit or sauce can many times be pre-	.	,
remarked, “The .et.l. will be diatri- pared for eome time before used. This address and the sum he -nrende to
SSSSs	tfsss
er cognizant of the true order of pre-I spoon soda rounded a little, 2 of cieam and the date of the initial payment cadence in legal matters-costs first, tartar, a pinch of salt, rub into the After that the collect ion i are recorded then practice, merits last.	flour a quarter of a cup of shortening by means of coupons, but the pass
It was a vice-chancellor from whom and mix into a dough stiff enough to book is necessary when payments are they have access to ponds or streams e[n,inate<l a happy retort, when an roll out, with sweet milk or water, withdrawn. The depositor is given condition of exiles now there, to re- and dive for roots and weeds at the egg waH (brown at him on the bench : 1 or thin sweet cream may be used and oue 0f these coupons whenever he
.y.t.m*	...	e"" —"	- sÆts At issaaïwsa*
distribution, to formulate new iules |owjng (h m to go to the streams Vice-Chancellor Bacon had an excel- timo in one thick cake in a flat but- tht) number of hi* pass book, for compulsory labor for the benefit should not fail to frunish sand. Fine- [eQ( recor<l a8 a sayer of good things, tom tin and split the cake when I In order to in urc regular payments, of the community, and to report on the ly broken charcoal can be used as a (here was one member of the inner am ready to add the fruit ; sometimes l i( a coupon is returned by the collector
—< —r "i1	z&ae kaïï .*£%$!vr.,x t
these measures effect. Ibe leform of NVh?n (he birds are being fattened, have no great liking. This man’s ser- dainty, especially with .« spoonful of depositor s account. The rate of in-the penal system is thus to be thorough Charcoal in small quantities everyday v,ces wprti U4>t mu< h in demand, for, w hipped cream heaped on tup of each terest l3 (be same as in other savings and far-reaching; and although the ' should be a part of the rations of any although his ability and knowledge of one. These cukes we eat warm, add- b;inks< and it is said the banks which
m au.* ... 5--»“, ts	s»	f.ISSikS	,S5	ft;X'SiSS1 S3“.S
elsewhere, is to consume a great deal tendency of tbs food to sour and to	.>oint	of	view,	and not to make the ries, raspberries, blackberries and	melh0ds. with dj idea of making proof time, and to end with a report which greatly assist the process of digestion,	most	of	its best	[Hants. It was torn-i patches all are	nice for	shortcake;	but rather as an incentive to the
changes nothing, the personal interest Experiments have proved that pigs, |	,m>nly »aid of him that he had a twist j slewed rhubarb	favored	with lemon	Coring disses
o, c.„,. .b........4 ,b.*8; ™w£U“'°m. ... ...	g.cawA"-' """
ob*!morc delicate in flavor, when it is , years old, some one remarked to the cooked fruit should be boiled until given th»*m or placed where they can judge that be was clever.	| quite thick. S.un •tunes 1 add - t a I • le-
go to it as they will. A half gill of "Yes." said the old man, slowly and spiuns sugar to my shortcake dough, charcoal to four quarts of meal is not judicially, ' he is a very clever young A cold shortcake 1 make of any plain an excessive allowance, though they man,” and after a pause, he added, ' If tea cake mixture, baking H m u isti-msy not need so much. in old times, he swallowed a nail, he would vomit a ing ton pie tins.
when people burned wood and fre- screw."	Cherry Pot-Pie—Two quarts cher-
quently put out a pailful of ashes for	riAM nitted. sugar to taste, a phsce
isas.ttu^ —	„R4,„S "w 0oL„. ±z *.r
all, after putting in
Palmerston said
wholesome, inex-
m ike payments banks introduced a few years ago ' be scheme of collecting from its deposi-
saving

were about lore i bn conflict began, while be. the
GRIT FOR POULTRY
Ducks and gease need grit to digest their food as much as hems do but they differ from the ben* in not wanting coarse gravel, or sharp pieces of broken crockery, glass and such material. They like and need good clean sand, and our most successful duck growers mix a certain amount of sand with the
When
third m in, had forgotten A slighting reference by Frederick the Great of Prussia to Mme. Pompadour, of Fr inge, was said to have been one of
Ai soon as he
the cames of the seven years sometimes called the 'war ' three petticoats" from the fact that the France of Pompadour and the Rus-eii of Catherine II joined the Austria of Maria Theresa against Frederick.
According to John B ight, England and her allies drifted into the Crimean w ir witbou after they got in. know what they w re fighting for even after they started; while it n certain that everything which was supposed to have been fixed by that results of a quarter of a century of war beginning with the commencement of the French revo u ion and ending with Waterloo “pleased nobody and settled nothing dan
those days knew as little ab,ut I he causes of the slaughter as fid Kaspar did about the battle of Blenheim when questioned by little Peterkin.
i w^r. of the
Further, it U to reorganize the system of forced labor and of subsequent
soft food, whenever it is given
settlement in Siberia, to improve the
I
realizing it un' if ml they did not
«•cording to She.ri-The average person who lived in
In one of these bant s
portance of removing a serious etacle to the development of Siberia, will, it is hoped, in this case produce the desired results.
RESCUING THE BABY.
A house on fire is apt so to upset the inmates that they throw the looking-glass out of the window and carry the mattress down the stairs
NOTED PEOPLE’S FLOWERS
Queen Victoria's favorite flowers are lilies of the valley and violets, and her intimate friends knowing her favorite blossoms, send her these in profusion
Miss
West African
Kingsley describes, in
i scene in which she herself
SHARKS ARE GREAT COWARDS.
Studies
and a native family were turned top-syiurvy by an invasion of the terrible driver-mis. She writes:
her birthday, at Christmas and at New Year.
Violets, the pet flowers of the late kettle, a handful uf flour, Emperor Frederick of Germany, have
on
They Scurry Away Hurriedly on Hearing
N»l»r or Spliitthtng.
Sprinkle over
In idleness there is perpeiuil despair.—Carlyle.
Humility is the solid foundation of all the virtuas.—Confucius.
TRICKSTERS AT AGRICULTURAL
FAIRS.
well
The cowardliness of sharks is g
who have been
preserving
cook a few minuies uuii< merries aie become quite sacred in the eyes of his soft, it is well to place an inverted plate in bottom of kettle to prevent fruit sticking, stir into a pint of mi.k 1 egg, 1-15 tea:ipjun sait, 2 T- teaspoons good bnk ng powder, with flour enough to mike a stiff batter. Dip onto fruit by tablesp lonfuls, rover and cook 20 minutes, ser^e immediately.
Quick Bread or Rolls—One and one-half cups sweet milk, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon sugar, a p nrh of ?Salt, 1 yeast cuke dissolved in 3 tablespoons warm water, 2 1-2 cups flour, rise in u pan uf hot water at temperature of 1UU degrees. When raised add sufficient flour to knead, rise again and shapo into loaves, rise and bake. Thin makes fine buns if you add an extra tablespoon of butter and 1-2 cup of sugar, currants and spice, also beaten white of an egg after the mixture has lisen the firs: time. There is no difficulty in making and baking this bread before dinner is ready.
Stewed Apples With Rice.—Pare and
large russet apples, and
with sufficient
1 was in a little village and out of
a hut came the owner and his family and all the household parasites pell-m ll, leaving the drivers in possession but the mother and father of the family, when they recovered from this wonted burst of activity, showed such a lively concern and such unmistakable signs of anguish at having left something behind them in the hut, that 1 thought it must be the baby.
Although not a family man myself, the idea of that innocent infant perishing in such an appalling manner roused me to action, and I joined the frenzied group, crying, " W here him live f" “ In him far corner for floor I” shrieked the distracted parents into that hut 1 charged.
Too true ! There in the corner lay
little thing, a mere
with hundreds of cruel
known among men much at sea in southern waters infest-
Tbe fiercest shark
widow.
Mrs. McKinley, wife of the President
of the United States, admires Easter lilies above all other flowers.
The Duchess of York prefers lilies
of llie valley and white ruses—the roses of York—for her own wear.
The Princess of Wales is the most
ardent enthusiast of flowers among the royal family, and is never content unless her rooms are simply one mass of scented blossoms. As for the Prime* of Wales, he cannot endure to be without his buttonhole bouquet.
Wherever large numbers of people
gatb-r, a class =>1 Pcraons is usually j Kristi,, nit y is tb-> b.ghsst perfect ion found who make a living by deceiving of humaniiy.-fohnson the public. They have schemes and
ed by maneaters
will gel out of the seaway in a very
great hurry if the swimmer, noticing Its approach seta up a noisy splashing. A shark is in deadly fear of any sort of living thing that splashes in the water. Among the South Sea islands the natives never go sea bathing alone, but always in parties of half a dozen
order that they may make a great hubbub in the water and thus scare th? sharks away. Once in a while a too venturesome swimmer ng th^se natives foolishly detaches *elf from bis swimming party and
un
Adversity borrows iu sharpest s' ing from our imp alienee.—Bi abop Home.
To what deep gulfs a single deviation from the track of bum in duties leads.—Byron.
tricks innumerable tbit appear to be easy and simple; but in reality they are quite ditficult, and in some cases impossible successfully <o perloim they have wheels and machines that are
doctored to turn as the proprietor may
wish to make them. They have coca-
nut-headed negro dodgers to arouse
the brutality in men and boys. They
have tented shows which are disgusting in coar* ness ana vulgarity.
Among tbi throngs at agricultural fairs these leeches are out of place. They contribute nothing helpful or good
tlon of the fair, desirable patrons the gate receipts.
Tb y are not patronized by intelligent patrons of t h ; tar not wanted by bon sat farmers are shunned with fear by thoughtful parents. Because of their presence, even the fair is not patronized by many of our best citizens* families.
Th3 harm accomplished by these fakirs would doubt 1 sa surprise us, were it possible to gather and trace back to their door all the results of lb Ir work. They distract the thought lh»y divert the attention, they destroy the interest in the real work of
or so, in
JUDICIAL WISDOM.
Mr. Meeke—The paper says the judge reserved his decision. I don t see why it is judges invariably gut off deciding a point until the next day. ~ Mrs. Meeke—Huh ! Judges have sense enough to want to consult their wives.
i ad
i mo
Bimee.
momentarily forgets to keep up his
Then there is a swish and
TASTED LIKE IT
Magistrate—You are charged, sir, with selling liquor on Sundays.
Prisoner—Never sold a drop, jedge.
But h re is a reputable witness who entered your saloon by the bark door last Sunday, called for a drinit, received but 11 * and glass, poured out a lil i 'ral quantity drank it, and paid for
Do.a he eay it was ticker jedge?
H says it tasted lik- liquor.
Well, j dge, I’m a law-a hidin' citi z n 1 am. That there feller tried to hr ak th* law by bayin' Inker of roe hut 1 didn't sell him no linker, no. sir!
What did you sell him?
It was a temperance drink, jedge. madf up of turpentine an* kerosene r d pepper and serh things, jedge. It wasn't ticker, jedge; it only tasted like ter
splashing
the maneater cornea up under him like i flash and gobbles him,
inert
t be poor
black mass
drivers already swarming up n it. ’To seize it and give it to the districted mother, was, as the reporter would say. " The work of an instant."
She gave a cry uf joy and dropi>e<i
the water-b.urel
They do not. add to the attrac-
They do not bring They do not swell
MEAN MAN.
Mrs Loveydovey—O Mortimer, you haven’t eaten half of my biscuits ! I declare, we have to throw away so many scraps we ought to keep chickens !'
Mr. Loveydovey, thoughtlessly — Chickens ? You mean ostriches !
OFF FOR A WEEK’S SPORT.
x D» Hunter — I say, old boy. lets' go down to Hot Scotch Bay duck hunt-
De Sporter — I haven’t any gun.
De Hunter — That doesn't matter, Th°rv are never any ducks there.
it instantly into where her husband held it down with i hoe, chuckling contentedly not, my friend, at the callousness ol the Ethiopian ; that there thing wasn’t an infant—it was a ham !
it
They are They
core some
Shivei
place in a saucepan
water to cover them. Let them gently until tender. CW# rir-e with milk and turn onto a dish, put the apples on it and fill the spaces between them with more rice Place in the oven until light brown
Pear Fritters —Take some good cook cut them into slices length
sun-Cook some
nier
u
EMERALDS VS. SHAMROCKS. How many runs did your club make Larryf Thrae, sor.
Three runs, eh ?
Y is, »or
run for ih doctor an* a run to lb police station.
SOCIABLE NEIGHBORS.
Mr. Moveoft—Well, my dear, how do you find the neighbors here—sociable?
Mrs. Moveoft — Very. Three or four of them have sent in to ask if I would bIiow th ir children to use our piano to practice on.
SI.Ml-ANNUAL EXPERIENCE.
Wife, after house-.-.eaning-li tvkei man to bring order ou o' chorns H ’sband, rushing widely around nf his belonging4—It takes h w.»iumi uo make a cbuaa that look* like order
i w
A run for the’ umpire, m
mg pears, wise

, cover with sugar, dip into bât-
it





		

###PAGE###4###
V
A
Pontiac
Woolleq
Public Notice.
SEWING
MACHINES
THE EQUITY. H«j»
Good !
}
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Slmwville Public Notice is herein given that the Valuation Hull of the Municipality of Slmw ville Is now <lclM»site,l in the utllee of l |,e uii.leisigne.l ar the ilisposal ami for t he
irs.r r'Ji'ffli’Sn'ii'CSS.i ss
wanl for examination ami homologation ni ihe regular session of the Council to he lu lil at 7 of the clock In the afternoon of Mon«la\ the seventh ,lay of August, one
tlvm-.il.il right hti'j.hv.iHmnamtyitlne.
SHAW VILLE, JULY 27, 1899
ALF. HOWARD,
XtiKNT FOK THE
EDITORIAL NOTES
Better !
Ce offlu
Premier Cireen way, of Manitoba, says Ins government will not introduce a prohibitory measure until the next Legisla* turc. Perhaps by that time he may be relieved of that responsibility.
T
1
lest
max ri v n *{ 1:1» n\
Mills
S,T. VmiH
The Conley Church ORGAN & PIANO CO.
A
The Coon in the person of old Paul Kruger has come down, and the prospecta of war with the Transvaal, which seemed
)
OF MADOC, ONT
TO WHOM IT
IV|AY CONCERN:
The only Establishment
of its kind in the County.
imminent a short time ago, now no longer exists
These instruments for simplicity of eon-The, honors belong to Joe I struction, strength, ilurahiiitx and clegal ivv of finish are admitted to be equal to am in tlu* market.
“ The Buying Public appreciate our efforts to servo them.”
Chamberlain
t
If you want a t\i»st class Instrument buy the Conley Church.
It is stated that while American capital has been cautiously awaiting the turn of events in Cuba, John Hull has been busy gobbling up everything worth having in the island. In other words English capital has absorbed all the most desirable investments.
Gentlemen :
Having bought out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, 1 l>og leme instate that * Mn luvpnml and
in n position (ogive every satisfaction to those wh an order.
I also sell
o----
This week we want to tell you of our new
The CONLEY CljURCH and HAYtyOND
SEWING MACHINES
CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc.

Black Dress Goods,
vd to supply the same in f st x les and at prices to suit all.
Your orders respectfully solicited.
M.1. HOWARD
and am prop a ' a fit \
mav entrust me w itIi
*
The preferential trade resolutions introduced in the House by Sir Charles Tup per last week, were negatived on a vote of 77 against to 41 for, making a majority of 3t> for the Government. The three
independent members—Messrs, Rogers, TO ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN 2
Stubbs and McCarthy—voted for the res solutions.
My Motto :
SHAW VII.1.1
Prompt attention to business. No
disappointment» to patron»
Trespass Notice.
Good, Serviceable and Nobby, Plain and Figured............
My Determination :
DONE IN TUE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
To turn mit n < lus» of work that will hear successful comparison w it h the very last ; a class of work that by its stylish and fashionable appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who cntiii-t me with their first order,
-0
I hereby forbid any person or persons from trespassing in any manner on or travelling across my property, being Lot*
The LI. Senator Senior, in hi. -«11^SI
left nothing to charitable purposes, con-| after this date will he prosecuted according to law.
at Common-Sense Prices.
Always In Stock a large and well assorted Range
of. . .
aidering the succession tax exacted by the Ontario Government, sufficient for all such purposes. The only trouble is char ity is too likely to begin at home with Hardy & Co., who will be constrained to use the senator's donation to the provincial exchequer, in covering up the multitude of their own iniquities.
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds, Flannels, Prints, &c.
HiHN NOLAN
Thorne, .Iul> _t»th. 1 S’.%1
•o:P HINT SIC-.
Leave your Measure next.
Village Lot for Sale.
J. W. COtyBA, tailor.
The verdict of the people WHO KNOW is that this Season our stock was the best in town—in wearing and washing qualities, and in new and up-to-date patterns. Ou sales were gratifying. Now we offer your choice of am Prints we have at — —
(MvArthur'building. Main St.)
Oik- building lot, >itmitv on Court Street in thv village of Slmw ville, about ÔO feet frontage h\ pm feet in depth, will In* sold on reasonable terms ami good title given.
Apph to the undersigned.
EDM VN I) .1. LANG, or to II. LANG.
Shaw x il le, .1 ulx L‘
1
The Government redistribution bi.l met the fate expected for it at the hands of the Senate, on Friday morning last, the venerable gentleman of that body having knocked the ill-timed measure on the head. Should the Laurier Government decide to appeal to the people before another census is taken, they will therefore have to content themselves with subinit-tirg to the existing order ot things.
FARM FOR SALE
i s« - •
Ten Cents per Yard.
At a Bargain.
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
These Goods are from
..	£^TÏrî£S51 the best Scotch, English
i„„i in Hi........ District of and Canadian manufac-
Furry Sound, swvntx acre» cleared ; I nil .	.
barn and stable bOITGS.
The undersigned otters for salt- hi> desirable property situated on Main street. Slmxx ville, opposite tlivlfank. For terms and particulars apply to
am t* liu.sli. Log lions emtctl on tin* premises which arc well watered and situated one mile from school and post ulliw. The premises are ad mi -rahi\ suited fui a stock farm. Clear title. For fill l her part it ulars apply to
\V. .1. HOGGINS.
Honrteld P.O., Out.
Binder Twine
The old reliable “ RED CAP,” and McCormick’s “ STANDARD,” both equal in quality
to any twine made. Only a limited quality Valuable Pronertv left. Send in your orders at once.	svxiJ, 7
They have been selected with a view to supplying people with the class of good? they require, and they have been marked at prices that must sell them when examined.
SILAS YOFXtï, l’arknmn l\ O
Mr. Preston, late G rit organizer in Ontario, who hasbccomefamous in connection with the “machine,” has instructed the Crown Attorney at Toronto, to institute criminal proceedings pgainrt the Toronto World for commenting somewhat severely upon his election work in Ontario. Hut the World don't seem to “ scare very much over the fact ; on the contrary, indeed, it practically assured, is is sate to assume
it challenges Preston to go on with the l^e bridge will be rebuilt.
4* show,' which it expects to make deeply Another item ot ten thousand dollars interesting for him. The Crown Alter* 13 for tho Purpose of surveys in connec-ney has rt fused to act as requested, pre- 11011 ^ie Georgian Bay Canal pro* ferring to let the aggrieved “ machine " ! Ject •	a^8<> should be welcome intel-
iiian swear out his own charges.	| H8ence, as it shows the Government have
become interested in the scheme, and are
desirous of settling the question of its practicability, upon which, however, gan lumbermen) has been trying WTyj there has been very little doubt, save in hard to get tho Ontario Government to	minds of those who are opposed to
temporarily rescind the export pruhibi- j	construction of the canal,
bition on saw logs, until the matter is settled by the courts; but not with much success, however. Johns interests bo-
something which every resident of this section of Pontiac should be pleased to hear. This amount is promised conditionally upon the governments of Ontario and (Quebec contiibuting the sum of five thousand dollars each to their much needed woik. As these amounts have been
A. HOD GINS
5
Valuable Farm Property for sale, being the f. I Half of the X. F. Hall of Lot No. 7 on the Fourth Range of Clarendon, containing ally acres, more or less, all cleared. In an excellent state of cultivation and well watered.
On the premises are erected a dwelling house, stables, sheds and oilier oiit-bullillugs.
For further nartleulars apply to
KF.V. K.s. MORRISON,
Hudson, 1*. Q-,
PROPRIETOR.
E. HODGINS & SON.
Go to
DALE BEOS.
STATEMENT INCOME AND EXPENDITURE,
School Municipality of Shaw ville, for year ending
30th day of June, 1899.
or H. MATIIKSON
Shaw ville, Que
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Tinware, Stoves,
- Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
The Celebrated . . .
o
John Charlton, M. P., (for the Mich:
INCOME
C 4
NORTH WEST

1810. fuly 1
l
To balance cash ou hand.....................................
“ cash on tax acct., A.N. Wilson $9.05, R«»bt Ilohhs, do $3.00
“ elementary Grant 2nd 6 mos. 07 and *08....................
“ Grant superior education, 1808............................
“ charged Heman Lester for broken light and repair..........
“ elementary grant, 1st 6 mos. 03 and 00....................
“ charged teachers for pension fund, (1045.00)..............
“ interest collected on arrears of taxes....................
“ Thus Wilson, senr., tax $10; interest 5 mos., 24v..........
“ collection roll to date...................................
“ charged Miss Seifert for lost time........................
monthly fees from pupils in advance.......................
$ 132 60 12 05 11 16 225 00
lias proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on the market.

Nov. 5
18
1809.
The Huntingdon Gleaner tells the Lib- May erals that the worst enemies of their par
ing identified with the Michigan lumber- | ty, are not to be found on the Opposition, j june o<>
but on the Government benches. A !	“
no
14 86 20 90 2 52 10 24 759 95 10 60 .‘il 8 52
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient.
men, it seems to us his Canadian consli
r:-- *»» »	"" ¦'*.
if they wou.d gi\e him a gentle hint, to i guttering first from a lack of belief in what move the rest of his belongings there also, it advocated when seeking power, and, As a Canadian member of Parliament he | second, from a Premier who, instead of
in the I fading, lead by his colleagues, and not
by the best of them.
30
J ebbing and
Repairing
Therefore we need not dwell on their many merits. Sutlico it to say that anyone requiring a first-class article should call and see them before purchasing any other kind. It will he to your interest to do so
: *»
is apparently the wrong man wrong place.
$1518 ‘.hi
o
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
KXPEXDITVRE
Keep our Raw Materials
Other Styles.
The disclosures made last week before the Committee of the House of Commons on elections, connection with the west Huron election
..	,	.	Teachers' salaries one year.
Canadians in general are growing more Secretary-Treasurer’s salary
jn ! and more doubtful whether even free ad- j por caretaking.........
mission to the American lumber market
$1045 00 60 00 74 OO 15 O0 20 OO 9 20 11 00 10 00 140 13 134 57
one year
N\ e have several other styles of Stoves on hand, so that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
_	,	, Deputy examiners............................
go to show that the “ machine " for man- I	pTE$"d"tï Ô»	^	“
ufacturing Liberal M. P. s. got in its . logs, pulpwood and unrefined nickel. A School furniture, Cuthbertson and Graham.
work just about as successfully as in the correspondent of the St. John Telegraph, Bonus to elementary Teachers.....
ISZESTS »
the Conservatives produced 43 electors bad thing for Canada. He stated that all
who were ready to swear that they voted the Canadian gets for a cord of pulpwood
is three or four dollars and this is made into forty dollars worth of paper, the Americans getting the whole benefit of fused to let those electors testify on the I all the labour used in converting a low-ground that it would interfere with the priced article into one of high price.
this attempt t > suppress the fac ts suf WOrk has to be done. The shaie of the ficient information was adduced to show United States is thirty-seven dollars, that 14 bogus ballots, all marked for tho mostly expended in wages to skilled work-Liberal candidate, were in tome manner men. The Telegraph’, correspondent
p«. into tli« ballot boa and edited to ST	" ""	P'%|	... ... - --
that gentleman at the close of the poll, The very spruce which Canada allows FOR SALE OR I U REN I
while the genuine ballots were in some ! to go into the United States free of an
mysterious manner made away with,- export duty is made into pulp and paper J .	...	,	u a	i which is used as a club to beat her brains,	____
¦omethmg which only could be done by j QUt ^ th, English pulp and paper mai-1 UPPER THORNE CENTRE, QUE.,
the connivance of the officials—all Liber-	Canada is furnishing the club and
alg—who presided at the election. The the United States is using it. Hut if
seems, alas, to be Canada would do what she could with her
raw material and immense water powers she would be within eight years the greatest paper and pulp producing power in the world. She has the facilities and all | built
, she needs is the proper legislation to supplementary estimates for 18JI-1900, bring capital in to develop it.
on Tuesday last. They amount to nearly The great timber resourcas of Canada I Building 26x60 (2 stories) used
five and a half millions cf dollars, and | ought to be preserved by the Canadian
Government as raw materials for Cana
....	, dian workmen. The Americans cannot
the current year to over fifty one millions make brick, without straw, and if tho
of dollars. The bulk of the estimated ex- Government would now carry out the ex-	e
penditures come in under the public i pressed will of both Liberal and Conser- CS9* Conveniently situated for a General work, department of which Hon. Mr. vative member, of Parliament and put Store.	.
t.,„ t. ....a,	,b. i»..».
tioned we notice a sum of twenty thou- p|y tjie Suited States as well as England I	J- H. SHAW,
sand dollars for the re construction of | with all kinds of articles made of wood the Portage du Fort bridge, which is land wood pulp.
DALE BROS.
j
8HAWVILLE, QUE-
Highest Prices paid tor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
R. J. BLACK,
AGENT, P. S.
P. S.—Lowest Prices
$1518 90
for the Conservative candidate. But the Liberal members of the Committee re-
An Earthquake
1899
J uly 1 To balance, canh on hand..............
1	4 4 amount of arrears to collect...
Total of assets.........
Liabilities, none.
I, the undersigned, have examined the foregoing statement and find the Correct.
Shaw ville, July 10th, 99
For the
$134 57
189 12
Spring Trade.
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the being our very low prices.
$323 69
same
SAMPLES OF ALL KINDS OF
4
cause
W. W. Ireland, Auditor

THE
LATEST
IMPROVED
The Farmer
Public Meeting.
NOTICE is hereby given that a public meeting of the Ratepayers of the Corporation of the village of Shaw ville, will la-held in the Council hall at 7 o’clock on Tuesday evening, August 1st, for the purpose of discussing ways and means of supplying the Corporation with a system of waterworks. A full attendance is request-
G. F. HODGINS,
Mayor.
will find us every need
prepared to supply his have everything.
requires from a plough to a suit Make it a point to leave your order early
of clothes
now on hand for inspection#
he
PROPERTY LATELY OCC UPIED BY
The Housewife
ALSO A STOCK OF
41 party of purity sadly degenerating
H. Newham,
ad
^ ill also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything she
3 SKST* lh‘h— “w
Expresses,
Consisting of one acre of land on which is Shawville, July 17, '99,

Waggons,
The Government brought down their
Building 26x36 with addition 12x18, used as a store and dwelling.
Fifty Settlers Wanted.
and Carts,
and a carload of
ln Conclusion,
storehouse
CARRIAGES
swell the total estimated expenditure for
There is also erected on property a summer kitchen, woodshed and oil house.
BUGGIES
expected daily.
T# LÏÏÏISS j SiLAS 70TOO
rn| «^Starke’sComers.
A. SMILEY,
.Shawville.
Bhawvllle, Que
i
t
’

L
###PAGE###5###
J

THE EQUITY,
Jack H tckint, while wheeling between Chelsea and Ottawa on Wednesday night
HAVING PARLOR, l #t was attacked by robbers and relieved
! of his watch, cash and a revolver.
HAWYILLB
S
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUB MS HID KVIRY THURSDAY
AT HHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC. QUE. SUBSCRIPTION -$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper «topped until all arrearage aro paid, unless by «perlai arrangement with the publisher.
Farmers who are Wise
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
James A. Pul , a fireman on the Ottawa, Am prior and P. H. Railway, was run over by n train at Whitney, on Suture! ay night, nnd so badly injured that be died next day.
The spot spot for—
A Fashion Aims Hair Cut, Coon Shampoo, ok A ('i.kan Siiam:.
CHOICE FitESlI AND CUitED MEATS OF ALE KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
Mr. .1 <>liii F. linmlily, of Ottawa, truv-ullor for I lie (juven City Oil Co., wim mar-
,,K:.d,TS'L"‘j iffsss s:its KrTLZ/""STA" “”"D”V I
•r.rrvr.'rôïL,,,....». *»*.........................a"»™*........................ =± S ...........................
Murted at 14.00 per year.	1 uesany morning
. Local announcements Inserted at the rate -
of live cent* per line for first tiiMertlon and t hree cent» for subsequent Insertion».
Commercial advertising by the month or VC for longer periods Inserted at low rates, | ATA which will be given on application.
Advertisements received wllhout Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Hlrth. msrrlage and death notices p llshed free of charge. Obituary poetry lb cents per lino.
o
Your Turn next
ADVEHTlHiNO RATES
Thanking the pu hi lie for past patronat» 1 respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
Will not be purchasing
BINDER TWINE that some dealers wish to sell for the sake of the additional profit derived therefrom. Crudely made, such twine contains neither Quality, Strength, nor Uniform Evenness.
persuaded into the unreliable
A farmer tells an exchange of a discovery lie lins lundi; that will he of vast ini-
¦ MANUFACTURING 8TATIONBR8,HOOKHKi. | |>M,taiice Jo Hie farmer» during the dry , 1er», Bookbinder* Printer*, etc, I>epo»Uory I SWiHOU. He has found that by planting f me Ottawa Auxiliary BlhleSoctetv,Ottawa,Out. | onions and potatoes in alternate rows the
onions become so strong that they bring
tears to the eyes of the potatoes in such vast volumes that the roots of the vines
J, G. McGUIRE.
jam. nom A Co.
(} J. Homldsoi,

S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PUHLI %	:
RELIANCE LOAN
CO., OF ONTARIO.
Will he in Shawvllle from Tuesday August 1st, to Saturday, August 5th.
PRACTICAL
WATCH M A k ER
*
ub~
NOTAR Y FOR THE are kept moist am l a crop is raised in AND SAVING» spite of drought.
ree
and
Mr Henry Champion, a well-to do bachelor of Scotch C irne* s, near Carletc n Place, was killed whilst in bed by the storm of Thursday ri ght last. His death was not known till 24 hours afterwards. It is supposed the bolt which killed him
*SSï 5Sr*T** " - "*'i
Pembroke is preparing for another ; found demonstration. The O. M. B A. intend age.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq,M.D..C.M. | hu,d ono on Llb,,r 8ePf-4th-
The estimate of the North Bay break water amounts to $22,000, and the specifications and plans for it bave been re* ceived from the Public Works LX pat t- onto ment.
JOB PRINTING
JEWELLER
&
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
A HKI.KIT STO< K OF
WAT< HKH,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
mu.vt it ware
Ac. &c.

JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
DISTRICT NEWS.

T
Business Cards.
the building • elsewhere could not be 1. The deceased was 40 years of
R KVA r It IN
MEDICAL.
a Spec iality
SHAWVILLE, 0.
The Masonic firanrl Lodge of Canada, met in Ottawa last week. The following grand officers were elected :—
Grand Master—E. T. Malone, Tor- I j^0 other
Twine is just as Good as
Gradvati: ok McGill University,
Will occupy the office of Dr. 11. If. Knox during hi» absence.
?
Plymouth Brand.
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawvillo
Slsil and BOOK
i
Deputy Grand Master—U. B. Hunger ford, London.
Grand Senior Warden — Harry Mac donnell. Ottawa.
Board of General Purposes—Messrs W. Itoaf. Toronto; J. E. Harding, Strat ford; J. H. Burritt, Pembroke; J. C Morgan, Barrie; G. S. May, Ottawa.
R nr. Father Gingras, late parish priest • » | of Stugeon Falls, died in Montreal on Sunday. Being ill of consumption, he had gone to Montreal for rest and treatment. He was an able young man.
The town of Burke Falls and vicinity is all excitement owing to the receut dis _ covcry near there of some very rich gold— | bearing quartz, and other apparently valuable mineral deposits.
Patrick Dodds, a Wakefield farmer, who was in the stable between his two horses feeding them, when lightning struck the building and the two animals were killed. Dodds escaped unhurt.
The Russian thistle, compared to which i he Canadian variety is of no consequence, has made its appearance in Prince Edward County, Ont. Prompt measures will be taken to exterminate the nuisance .
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
FACTORY.
We handle only this Famous Twine, and at prices lower than the lowest.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity Uuivemity, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto, Fellow I,y examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. OrricE and Residence : J. 11 Arimtkono*» House, MAIN STREET - - 8HAWV1LLE.
— ALL KINGS OK
A man named Parcher, while travelling the township of Jones a few weeks ago, was viciously attacked by a she w< If, and after shooting her ho observed a short distance away nine young wolves. lie succeeded in killing six of these, the other three making good their escape. Trappers and wood rangers say that it is something dreadful the number of deer skeletons found in the woods this year. The animals have undoubtedly been kill ed by wolves last winter when the deep snow was on the ground.- Egan ville Star.
Interior & Exterior
»
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
LEGAL.
BOURREAU RAINVILLE, L. L. L
*1
M AN» KA' Tl liK!
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit Shaw ville every Monday
DOORS, SASH, NEWKL HOSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER,	,
Kept in rftock ah*l nmde to or-ler.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POI'I LAHPRK ES
Make Hay
While the Sun Shines,
WM. GAMBLE,

Mr(JKEDIK& HODGIXS.
BARRISTER, &e.,
159 Main Street,.........
At Shaw Ville, second ami fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office-over G. F. Hodglns* Store, Main St.
Hull.
Estimates furnished.
Although the weather was vevy unfavorable, a very large crowd gathered at Killnloe, on Saturday, 15th, to witness the ceremony of blessing and laying the corner stone of the now Roman Catholic church which is being erected in that stirring little village. On the arrival of the special train from Pembroke a pro cession headed by the Pembroke brass band marched to tho church where the ceremony of blessing rf the corner stone was performed by Hr. Rev. F. X. Lorrain, • Bishop of Pembroke. The new church, which is 20 feet high, 80 feet long and 42 feet wide .was tilled to tha door.
O
Dr. Stackhouse, of Hull, the young dentist who was sentenced to three year's imprisonment in St. Vincent de Paul penitentiary, has been liberated on the report of the surgeon of that institution, on the ground of hie mind giving way.


?H
" 4
art h ru McConnell.
#e#
• ••
spend ; f Stevens Rifles ; i
I	¦ ». I 1
4 TTORNEY AT LAW, Main Rt. Hull,
A Que, will, atrequest.attendallcourts
In lhedl»trlc‘. Alloorre.pondenc.pron.pt- , ,{k.yclu ,Severn are limiting themselves
" Win beuV-ihawvllhflret Thursday ofeacb | evident in many of the cities. The work month.
and should it rain in the meantime, your leisure time examining
seems to bu done by an organized gang. Du* other day a wheel .was taken from in ^ gQ Q	HT I frwn* (>f Journal office in broad day-
I light
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
230 Main St, - Hull,Que ,
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.)
Law business lu District ot Pontiac attend ed to.
Our Harvest Requisites.
are guaranteed to be
5AFE, S0LID. | ACCURATE,
'I he Ottawa papers toll of an upheaval of sawdust in the river opposite Nepean-Point, by which one of ! the cribs , ill the Mackey reft was lifted fully eight feet in the air and badly broken up. It was due to gas generating in the sawdust at the bottom i f the river and txploding.
A vote pf the Renfrew ratepayers was token Tuesday on three local by-laws, viz. : F >r local improve ment*, to raise $3,000 by debenture to pay temporary loans, and to.raise $5,000 for the extension cf the sewerage system. A small Vote was polled, but a majority comparatively large was given for the enactment of each.
!\
/
Grain Cradles, Cradle Blades, Cradle Fingers,
ForKs,
Fork Handles, Binding IVjitts,
? 4
Watch for the Deadly Kissing
T From the	?
$6.oo “ Favorite”	| ;
! ! to our most expensive14 Ideal.” *j «
; ; The “IDEAL” No. 44 is a fine rifle. : ! ;4 ONE Of OUR LEADERS, price only $10. ; | ! ! We guarantee it in every respect. Noth- » <
Hay Fork Rope, 3-4 inch, Best Material, : ! ' " 12' LZlZ «	- ; ;
4 Ibre rim-Ore, .23-20 STEVENS, .3W0. 3,
Castor and Capital Machine Oil,	1
i < Senditamp for complete Catalog and «x
Grindstones and Fixtures.	|i JlmB im 'm tool 60..!
‘ !	— P O. Box
Bug
» 4
W. W. IRELAND,
D. E. Sheppard, a Gananoque lawyer, was bitten by the much dreaded kissing bug last week, and suffered eo intensely therefrom that he had lo be taken to the hospital for treatment. It is feared he may lose the sight of one eye.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court
Commissioner and Conveyancer Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satis factorlly.
Deeds
QUE
SHAWVILLE
GENERAL NEWS.
R. MITCHELL,
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, for the District of Pontiac. Office. Main 8t.,
^Accounts collected and promp*. returns made.
Two thousand people attended the fun era! of Hon. C. A. GeofFrion in Mon
The family of Mr.. Dugald Bray en, of Windsor, Ont., numbering six persons, . partook of canned salmon for supper one jtreR* . Friday evening recently," with the result thatIjÙgÉÉlÉjlÉg
A despatch from Paris says a success-they w re immediately taken with violent I ful surgicil operation has been performed vomiting and pains in the stomach. It re- upon Hon. Mr. Tarte, quired the most active effort» of a doctor with thy entire family all night before they were considered out of danger.

CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
T>AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT D Shawvllle . Que., respectfully solicits engagements for any business!n connection with all Courts 1 u the County. Collections made and prompt return8fiH§ured
A disastrous fire occurred in St. Rich*. Quebec, on Wednesday last. Over GO houses were destihyed. The loss is put
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Burglars made A miurdermis assault on ) at $ 100,00c Mrs. Bourque, while attempting to rob her premises in Clarkstown, recently.
GENERAL.
From Vancouver, B Ô., comes inteb I	.. ligence of a large block of buildings sink-
The would-be robbers were discovered by ; and disappearing m the quicksands
GtrI,%"%e„ryfor.arm the
of any kind taken and disposed of by publie their intended mark. The bufglar es- L. S. Cabinet, has resigned that office,
er s* ix-ti.-sL!:
hand for sale; Office : Fhawville, Que.	William Legee, 345 Neleon Street, against him, on account of mismanage-
Ottawa, claims to bo the Earl of Dart- ment of his office.	• .	*	¦	|
n	... mouth. He is employed as a laborer in
CourtJhivmlle, ».	Sporteds„ A...
w	ITT xvxxin». wae bo™ Dec 30, 1842, near Bath, Som-	de Beaupre.
daylof‘every month, erset, England, t am the only son of	™T7	...
p?omptiyevearymonthd	wT(d\he^6r,t^ÊIrl miracle has’been reported from Ste Anne
nf Dartmouth	de Beaupre. It appears that one Hector
Poulin ..of Pittsfield, Indiana, who has As a result of the lawsuit between the been almost completely paralyzed for 30 Hull Electric Ry. Co. and the Aylmer years, arrived at the shrine a few days Macadamized Road Co. in which judg- since and was carried to the church ment was rendered in favor of the latter, where he heard mass. After this Poulin the Electric Co. are removing their tracks was taken to the communion railing, and from the main street of Aylmer. Here- while praying fervently for the interces-after it is their intention to utilize the old sion of the blessed Virgin mother, he felt C. P. R. track. The outlook for the a strange sensation pass over him, and business men of Aylmer is a blue one, for the first time in the enlivening influence of the car traffic of a century he sprang to his feet perfect having a good effect upon business.
J. J. TURNER,
To buy well, watch the latest prices and in formation in the special TRADE
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
-	- ^mptM Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.* Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
PRESS.
Shirt Waists and Wrappers.
LÔËJ
I
PATENTS
)
We are well within the mark in the claim that j
this store has sold more Shirt Waists thanllfPROMPTLY SECURED
L.B.C
Visiting brethren cor dtally Invited.
H. 9. Barnett, F.B
J. A. Cowan, R.S
{ Write for our interesting books “ Invent* ( ors Help” and “How you are swindled.
( Se nd uk a rough sketch or model of your ( invention or improvement and we will tell
48 Blouses Left-Regular price 50c. to $1.50, | ]	HSSz
Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil <t Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors In
Society of Civil Engineer».
W„rwre j NEW YORK LIFE B'LD’C.. MONTREAL Mi. OFF1CE8. ( ATLANTIC BUILDING.. WASHINGTON, 0.0.
the combined stores of the town.
Hugh Hobbs, C. R.
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
out they go at 35c. and $1.15.
4
more than a quarter
12 only Ladies’ Wrappers—Made to suit the Most Fastidious—Dainty Patterns, all good
, .	. .	. sizes, Regular Price $1.25 to $1.75—
the constant, continual dripping of the I * scheme is no* being discussed U r	•
ïAJLtStSUSâr <£ fcsxrr&.*23 -tST*M	-Your Choice at 81.00
little skinny advertisement should not be tU*awa» t0 a point on the Gatineau Riv er,
“St'S *A	fy P. S.-Trunks, Telescope Valises, Bright. New ;Stoek,
advertising is	pH on. by small lakes, leaving but * few miles of |	Close
tly keeping at it, if you have something aÇtual canal to be excavated. It is clainv meritorious, scarcely ever fails.	e(* freshets on the Ottawa are not of
sufficient duration to take out tl e timber The Ottawa Fair this year is to be a I from the far ncr hern regions in one year, two week’s show. The directors are spar* and that no lumberman would hold liming no expense to make it a big success its and pay dues under these circumatanc. and the exhibition promises to eclipse | es. The line of the proposed canal is any ever seen in Canada. The lacrosse j just about twenty miles south of the grounds of the Capitals are being convert- height of land, in 48 latitude and 7<> longed into a lake and from this lake each itude, or about one hundred miles north evening the grandest display of fireworks of the present high point of operation, ever attempted in Canada will be given. Altogether the canal would, it is said,
Another feature of the show will be log I open up for operation about ten thousand rolling contests every dsy on the lake ! square miles. It is rumored that the between expert river men from Ontario ! project may be laid before the Quebec and Quebec. The Fair will open on Government for the purpose of obtaining September 11th and close on the 23rd.	| a subsidy.
Mrs G, Me. McLean,
Proprietress.
ly cured, and walked through the aisles
singing the praises of the bonne Ste One little drop of rain does not prp-1 Anne duce n.uc’i moistuie, e.cn two or throe, or half a dozen have little effect. But
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livehy Attached.
PONTIAC HOUsf
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE

'fW

m

if

r

z
Trade Marks Designs
9 "FT” Copyrights Ac.
Anyone tending a sketch and description may aulokly ascertain nnr opinion free whether an Invention 1m probably patentable. Couirounlea-ttone mtnctly oonfldentlal. Handbook on Patente sent free, oldest agency for securing patent*.
Patents taken through Munn A Co. receive rpecial aofice, without chnruo, in the
Scientific American.
1
G. F. HODGINS’
i
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. largest circulation of any scientific Journal. Terme, $3 a year; four months, |L Sold by all newsotteier*.
•wteïïssâsft*
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL,
PROPRIETOR

###PAGE###6###
1
\

THE EQUITY, JULY 27, 1F0<>
ROMANCE OF THE WEST.
| EMPLOYMENT OF WOMEN
^ The Lost Diamonds
of the Orange River,
fin'd for them during the Sabbath, receiving two ;w nre from each family.
VERY I .ON 1» HOURS,
enltlliiii lulerrapled h> -Irrlvul ef Wend VI ««I i i»l ihv llrlde'v Kijrrlrd I,over.
I	w :i H h
it	lia y a
DIFf ERENT POSITIONS W HIGH THEY OCCUPY IN GREAT BRITAIN.
As bath attendants and m house* 185,24fi women serve. I 0 work being fifteen hours in sunmiei and twelve in winter, wages varying from $3 Id 5.25 a week. In the public
bath* for Jewish women the duties ol •»nt oiIdt nt»> w hieh i lit*) i.itrn attendant are to keep the bal hs
Hieir living.	clean, ami to say the necessary prayer
Some interesting facts have 'been for 'in.v bather who is ignorant of it ;
flu' baths being inspected by I he rah n ....	, tx1 fore being used, to see that every-
ot London in a compilation which they thing ia in accordance with the pre-
have made of the employment open to scribed ritual
women, details ol wages, hours of in certiin dletrlete and vsrishes al-
designed primarily to aid the women | men may take them up. of (iriNii Britain m laying to decide
I' li is St O! y of how i dead lover for-
v.
h i do i he lia ii riH, worthy as it i« of I he
f Poe. cornea from t he
Worn fa Lawyer* III KhiiIhniI There Arc M.O.NI llnrlori nml Miirgeuuv -Waaler
mi igm iiii»n wild legion ul mountain «n
Ai another lime, Dn.Iy would have
l lake which I enjoyed the repid drive; but now her fomih the imerioi of British Columbia, | only sensation was one of terrors! the
ordeal before her. At the end vf ti two hours drive they begin to approach (h city. Country seats changed into v i 11 i esidenoes , i h* «gnn g i x ••
Knot en ly 1 ike, lint to choose between | place to terraces, which in theii turn
merged into si reels. A' length they re idled the heart of the city, and pulled up at I he door of the court-house.
way into the close crowded court, Marlin, .after a good deal of argument with a policeman. i u ‘reeded in sending a message to the prisoners solicitor which brought that
gent i in in in them wit hi ut de i iy,
Y.»u shall n »t ninrry him," said Car- After a few hurried questions, he de-
si I Dolly i" follow him. md ini • few
minutes she found herself upon the witness table, tier limbs trembling so ill it she could scarcely stand Judge,
I he clergyman was exiled jury, and barristers being visible only
through a mist.
A few skillully pul questions from the pi i oner s coumel elicited the whole story. This comparatively easy And Janies Car- bu tineas was, however, followed hy a
searching cross-examination from the counsel for the Crown, who insisted on silting her motives for tampering with the clock, and her reasons for conceal* They will never ing the fact until now. The terrible
l uth concerning the cli ck once known, however, she had n «thing lu hide, and so came successfully through 'he ordeal, the fact that she had never and tier even seen the prisoner telling in her
favour .as a disinterested witness When at length she was allowed to go down, her uncle, who was waiting for her, took her oui of court , ind Mrs. nduigly, on the steamer Kokanee, Lynch, whom nothing short of the
judges presence coula have restrained hitherto, began to give Dolly what she called a piece of her uund.
• Well, Do! y, I w# uldn'l have believed in such wickedness even from you '* "Don't scold h r now, Mrs. Lynch,,"

ly drifted farther down into the Col-
into m elephant The western Orange
I
mi l thus story a Vancouver despatch
and them
houter's retiuue
Rivsi ntd its niysi.oi. s - ho it is a I made public by the Woman's Institute
111'
l, better than tiny Well, we trekked
my
Many are the stones told at the out
tells
Spin fires of the South African trails P‘>rt
so rut
M nid Crush n, whose homo was at
iliters, some weird, some ruinant ir <*f (he native wars, some of fierce eruMimiers with the wild beasts of the	llvm jn , )lt. worm.
land. Often as 1 travelled wit h mv	u p t<> M m taUAe I and, and after some
friends up-couutiy we stopped to have | trouble got |x imission to hum there ; h chat with these rugged people, and	axi,| ^ f i ne time we had, getting a
Bonn* st range and interesting infoitu-	qui mit y of ivory, nid magnificent
was obtained in this way.	sport among lions, elephants, buffalo.
,5	ümm wagon r*Z*™'	"T	« ".of.^,on or in I	snd W.W
and span of oxen travels yea» after Kl.ias. who was s«*uiei tnies a bit too "°kl,lg fnI employment.	held in some iwrta of
year over the rough mads of Cape Col-	Ven utesoiue, got caught one day •in	Under the	heading "Lawyer •• it is	I where employers and employes meet	to
ony. and far beyond, m all directions,	the open by a black rhinoceros, n eav-	stated that,	although women cannot	mikf1 ‘iimial farm contracts
S.':r»lUYïïïlw.«S æ 5?,r ,«2s ',mS --	«»
Mick, and off-colored; and in his wan- -, nis,v gnsh in his t high, hut not fair- °? Using as a solicitor or barris- ago, read a paper tiefore the Social de tings or over his evening camp fit e	jv K,.t't,u^ hi» horn under him ; and	ter, one woman for many years has	Science congress on domestic
he picks up gréai stores of legends and	waH just turning to finish the |Kior lit-	practised as	a conveyancer A few	for gentlewomen, which subsequently
..... !1.te	r—	......
One n.ght, after a day's journey	t<> rush out on to the plain, and *or university examinations in that refined women, brought up in com fori
through the Hush-veldt, we lay at a	jus, ,s |t»rele charged at |*>or Klaus,	subject. There are two women who	and	often in luxury, when deprived of
faiuihoune near which was a public	t<> fmi*h him off as lie lay. I got up	hold the London LL B an I others who	,QC"""f tn whi«-h they have been
out spa a. At tins out span two trails- within forty y irds. let drive, and, ns j ,	”	! accustomed, was set forth strongly,
port riders weic sitting snugly over	|lIvk would hive it, dropped him with	,iaN6 l^wsed the intermediate examina-	,%nl	emphasis was laid up -n the neces-
their evening meal. They seemed i	, .5(0 express bullet behind the shoul-	( ‘on “n law-*, and at least two Girt on	si I y	for practical and efficient training
souple of cheery good fellows, one ail	dei liven then, i he fierce brute re-	students have passed the law tripos.	women ot all social gi ides. Ih
“H pttzz -snsr; EEHEESrEs ............................................................................................s...
•d. and nothing would suit t hem but that episode Klaas proved himself | °ne oi t he Inns of Court would have to profession for which a thorough scien- this gbwuny prognostication that Miss that we should woin them and take pH-	a ! «ou t	the only grateful	native l ever	be referred to for	the admission “ of	I *'^‘r a,l<* pi acl ical training	is required	mslou decided t list	she
brandy of the Cape. made in the Out-	wound, he came to me	and said:	could be admitted as solicitors. In I8!i7	and the various polytechnics. From this j	\ day or	two later	they nnbarke.1
shoorti district, was produced, pqs s Sieur! you said one day that you;., woman was admitted as a barrister S’!1188 . .of hoU8PWork* greater Hue-
K,"::'KVîr'UL'TMLr::,:;,; K::,.ziTT'V*vr,
h variety of tupies-old days in ling-	Rush,	as Kimberley was	then called.	Now Zealand, and	an Indian woman	service elevated with great	gain to the	on us way	t
land, the voyage to the Ca&»e, the Col-	Well,	sieur, I hive been	working at	has lately defended	successfully a case	community at large.	sighted
ouy, its prospect s, and its sport.	New Rush, and I know what diamonds j„ (he	I	«r>.000.00!) of the !!),( 0 i.DOU women
" Tis si range," said one ol our num- ire like, an I I can tell you where you	I \I)I x V i i\v rnitUTQ	1,1 1 United Kingdom are mart ie< ,
bet, “how little is known of the « in find as many of them in a week’s	..	VVM IL,5>	the catalogue contains a section on the
Oi a ngv Hiver—at all events west of search as you may like to pick up. n medicine women are well rep re- j du lies of wives
the* Falls. 1 don’t think t ever met a “What do you mean, Klaas?" said sented, there being about 55,000 of them I he legal position of a wife in Lng-iuuji who had been down n. One I. tuni ng sharply round to see if the practising am doctors and surgeons. *:IU'* 81 ' 11 that her personality is would thmk the Colonists would know Huslunan w as joking. Hut, on the con- «u	.	n ...... f merged in that of her husband. I ho
something of their northern bound- trary. Klias's little weazened monkey-	v	, 1 l'iW 'mposes no duty upon her as a
ary ; as a matter of fact they don't *'	face wore	an ex pi t\s*i<>n perfectly ser-	‘ 'Plomas for the medical profession, wife. 1 he court can	order	her to live
“Ah I talking of the Orange River	tous, and	apparently truthful.	one granted by the College of Physi- with her husband but cannot force her
remind* m-V said the younger of the J\, su ui , it is t rut h. If ye will clans and Surgeons and the other a obey. If she does not, Iîte *°ur
H man 1 feil m With, some years back,	there ire	hundreds and hundreds of	her medical study must pass a pre- | household expenses.	Since	IRsJ a mar-
stranded m the “i hirst-land" north-	diamonds,	bit ones, too. many of them	liminary examination in arts. Those I ri<,<1 woman has the	right	to her own
wt'Si of Shushong. F-or chap I he wag {-‘ be found lying about in the gravel who wish for a uni,er.tly degree must	^	'
- ta.	^
sh ei love of sport and a wild life, ‘s a b y, when 1 used to poke about lation examination of the university betn hunting big game in the interior, here ind there up and down the Grout ; Appointment of women in England to That season he had stayed too late H'vier. My father and grandfather liv-
tJi.....-	*, t„.,
munie had irot fever badly, they had diamonds are, well, though no one hut chosen for asylums and infirmaries	n	,
had a disastrous tick out, losing most myself k n >wa them foi 1 found I hem i he staff of the Hospital for Women Th'1 Rua811"' *(,ve,nm af"*r :l f°nK of the. r oxen and all their horses ; and by chance, and. selfish-like, never told .g „ntjre,T d„ of women.	; f,«l" with the Gregorian calendar, has
w h«-ai 1 citjnv across them they were <>f uiy child's secret. 1 will take you	,	.	.	; decided to ground its colors.
stuck fast in the doors! -.and. thirst- t(> i he place, if you like.	. nn 111 or 18 SUPP ,e ‘1S cer	now officially stated that the saw the coffin he t bought a wedding
laud, unable to move forward or back. Are you really speaking truth, tifymg surgeon in the general post-	determined to abandon the I would be out of place in such close
For two and a half days they had been ,vj188 . H8l<! * severely.	offices in London, Liverpool, and Man-	,	.	,	,	, quarters with death. Only becsiyo
without water ; and from being iu bad J'b ja . sieur , I am lain!" h*	Chester and as overseer of health of I oId 8tyle of "^lian-Gieek, calendar, (ht,re were tears for the girl’s self-
:'i»r ûvssjs!;	r TT -r-, at" —• '• i	ssr* **le “,u,m hi*
^ad^w.'thin^fiuZ ho!.rs.'lV"l ‘had ^^gHlivèT sod 'aeB^thls °w .mder'ful I Lur^nc” son m tie. deper	G^O . i au‘l whicJ lme bw” " souroe. '*	cLlut»'LT" t he'went
luckily s mr water in my vatjes. and d.smend valley of yours "	London A chief g»ta from $1500 to ,nw to ltusalans du,ug business with [f„ „ul before it had reached the de-
managed, to pull them round; ami that |	(Continued I	,	, . f _ other countries, who were comiwlled to eigive suge iwo dogs chained near the
night. Waving their wagon in the do-	‘	us - bath dates, as well as to foreigners P0ffin. fell to fighting, and overturn-
perl, in hope of being saved subsequent-	l ULUN1AL LArANblUn.	j yi.uou to El.onu.	trading with Russia. I he St. Peters- the two kegs on which it rested,
ly. and taking aa much of the ivory	—	The Secretary of State for India also burg Astronomical Society has taken As it tumbled to the deck the lid flew
•nd valuables a* we could manage, and	xrarly onr iialf	Ike torih New mrui	mJ	appoint* a woman to the position of	llie matter in hand, and with the oo-	()ff and oui rolled the body, almost	at
Mowbra> *s, the English m m s guns	<oi«mie«	or I'ntler Protrrioraif a.	J	first physician of the Kame hospital,	opeiation of the minis! e i s, will ai>-	the feet of the half-married jwir.
«nd ammunition, we made a good trek	ArrordlM	to	fi„ul>8 ..ul.ligl.ed	in	Among other Government posts to	mint s commission to be composed of	It was James Carter, his eyes wide
and reached water on the afternoon of	Accoiamg	ugm»s pu	which women have been appointed are:	I(> l^ibon*. 9 of whom are to be mem-	op^n and his hair still damp upon	him
the next day. I never saw a man so England a few weeks ago, of	52.000,000 | fct,ymk*r8hip in various educational, in-	Mm* of the Astronomical Society, who	forehead.
grateful as Mowbray. During the square miles of the world’s	surface, dustrial and reformatory commissions	w 111 arrange all the details. It is the	Only for one instant did the	girl he
¦hon tim- I knew him I found him une 22 288 152 or nearly one-half	are now I and asylum boards, inspectors of	1‘unxwe for the new style calendar to	had loved endure the agony of	looking
zmsvm.......................	80“w ,n——	';.tssrsrr:
with quinine, and puII,-4 him tugeiher Knglsnd’a colonies, exclusive of India. in librariea ind observatories, tjeside,	nniT„TvUn» in iap.n awi>,,n bf ^s side.
tUI we got to Shushong; but before we cover in aren of 7,#1.000 square miles, numerous iwaitions obtained by com- AUV*.L lUUItie-HLL IN JAl AN had got half-way down to Gnq inland,
Mowbray grew suddenly worse, and died' one evening in my wagon just at sunset
mysterious regno terwards discover
Of these It A Carson was
I M i» wooers
lie’ll ind il il I limit io, while James Car-
ter was poor, but in all respects 8 | Making their
ngage a maidens fancy
stripling to I livre were
eve i
52.000 women
There are alraoaf ________
the agricultural |alx>rera of
Hiring faire are
the country.
Hi lull The
it her considerations, how-mi Moud Cranston chose the
rich suitor
A hen he heard that the
ter to hoi dite wit* fixed
Hie river broke from
Flood* cime its bank
service
Such of the wedding
ou Ins much
hid been aide to reach the lamented with her over
guests .as bride's honu I he dis i|i|H»im nient 1er, who w is just starting oil u lonely trip down the river, greatly changed in i few xx vekd. said :
It id m ill onion
f;
I Ol
XX hil* h would I Kiss the minister's place
Ho liner's Ferry, lie was
CLINGING TO Till: hoof
irt tvti home, which was submerged to the waved. A b nit from the steamer said Martin nu ho. itat tvely. She a wad iowe.1 tlirough the swirling water very tired, ind siv has eaten nothing
was since rooming.—Where are you going to dine, sir?' tu ning to old Lynch "With 1 he Missus n cousin. Mrs. Burke—her that keeps & grocers shop in the New Street.’’
"Then you had better take Dolly there at once, sir. IM wait and bring you word how the trial ends—not til it there's mu h doubt of it now * Mrs. Burke was a stout. kind-hearted old woman, some whit higher in the social scale than her cousin, the pilot s wife. Knowing nothing of Dolly s iniquit ies, ml perceiving that she was tired and upset, she made a great fu s nil >ut h r. and insisted on her resting on the sofa m the parlour behind the shop. As Dolly lay there sipping tea, aivl watching the elaborate manner in which Mrs. Bui ke a servant, under the supervision of her mistress.
that covered Ins crops, and ha rescued.
Cuson and Miss t'ranstuii appeale l to him to marry them at once, and he went to the cub.n to put on u change of clothing proffered him by Captain Newman. While he was thus engaged t he b mi stopped at Bios Landing. Here a coffin—i plain pine box —was carried on board.
in it, slid the gossips, was the body of a young man who had been drowned, now Bent wandering in search of Christian burial.
Maud Cranston was already in an overwrought state of mind from her many adventures, and brooding over the s’ range words of her rejected
When the coffin was propped on desk—for there was no other place for it—she became more agitated than ever and more anxious to was laying t he cloth for dinner, a confused sound of cheering was heard in
in. a
RUSSIA’S CALENDAR
medical {«oats is becoming more com-
41 llie Ri'uIiiiiIiik «f llie < euliiry It Will sweet heart
tliilip n I linnxe
have t lie ceremony |an formed at once Hut when the minister re-appeared and the street out side, and old Lynch went
I to see what it was iboyt.
"It s the foreign chap," he csid. coming hack in a few minutes. “They ve acquitted him. and t lie people are following him down the street. 1 m glad he s not to be hanged, anyway."
Martin came in soon after, bringing particulars of the verdict. "The judge charged in his favour ; he told the jury that if they believed Dully s evidence, they had no choice but to acquit the man ; and they brought in a verdict of "Not Guilty" without leaving the box.—He may thank Dolly for that.’* "He may thank Dolly for being six weeks in jail. If she had not meddled with the clock that day, me and her uncle would have known that he didn't leave the hou >e till after two, and we d have said so at the inquest ; and he'd have been Jet off then and there.”
"I hardly think he would. Mrs. Lynch. The coroner s jury would have sent him for trial all the same.
"Anyhow, Dolly s had a lesson that she won’t forget in a hurry," said her uncle. "She’ll never tell a lie again." "I didn t tell a lie. uncle," exclaimed
exclusive of protectorates ami spheres | petition in the clerical and telegraph
service of the general post-office.
.
kameel-dooin tree, covering the grave , authority of the Year Book to be 2,- ing and qualifications,*' it is set &)rtb sue of the Japanese Journal, * hana- ly fashionable than the exquisite white Dolly wiiti heavy stones, and fencing it 100,000, square miles in Africa and 120,- that " for this class of work a vigorous zawa Shimbum," one of these girls, silk skirt so mwah to be desired for ‘You made the clock tell one for you,
i	.saziaEz	:
evening in particular, as we sat before According to the United States Treas- agents and organizers of political as- signed, am a pretty girl with abund- elaborately trimmed with black lace.	9a*d Martin kindly.
SI
strange story, a story so wonderful 1 911,<0), (hough the population of Hoi- must be served under someone already money enough to take lue easy and to lions of luindsome net, and the edges people—she always tells the truth.—
23 —'	g£n£5& S£*â fiSsTSFSSS
BVlton. you have been a kio«t friend of the colonies of Kranre ai 52,600,000, warned not to go into politic» unless flowers with me by day and the moon velvet or white or black half-inch sat- "He s all right, sir. the Italian eon-
to me—kind and tender as any woman 1 though the entire population of France they have real political knowledge and by night. If any clever, accomplished in ribbon frills. These little rib- sul was in court, and be s looking after
p«5yt' S'1 lmmmâ ÉSSêS mi kKSSSS Sæssa
know the northern bank of the lion of Portugal is about the same as ! down as originality, excellence of style,	,/	ne zeal. They outline the bands of lace shown her.	e
Orange River between the Great Falls that of Holland, 4,50.1,000 Spun is mastery of the languages employed, g •*	unheard nf thim,	inserting*, finish frills and project up Don't think of it, Doily,* was the
===== g? âsææ
-.....- ...............mmmr¦¦	iii&
mm, who might accept her offer of richness or exquisite delicacy.	A fortnight later, Dolly came to her
Verily, they do things dif-| Lovers knots, butterflies, large sin- uncie to tell him that she had promisse flowers, sprays or set geometrical ed to marry Martin, designs in Irish punt, vauise, or gui- ••[ m right glad to hear it. my girl," pure lace are let into the lilk or mus- Hn[([ Lynch; "you couldn't have a b*t-Un flounces of some of the new skirts, ter or a kinder hu bind.
She—How that woman we just pa» and are especially favored for trous- afear(j Qf that v u don't sed does hate me.	seaux. Some of the prettiest new kn’ow huw ,0 va;u. him."
De—She looked pleasant enough. skirts, made to order, both of silk or "f. hint I do unci»,*' answered Drily She—That s all done for effect, but potion, are buttoned up one side, hav-if you noticed, she never turned to take 'og no owning in the bias back, and in my new suit and hat.	| secured by tiny pearl buttons beneath
a fly, or they may have a close-set line of the regular placket snaps for greater security, for the skirts fit so You have never known the pangs of [ smoothly that when fastened down poverty I he exclaimed, bi.lerly.	*be side they need strong closings to
The heiress* eyes softened, though keep them in good shape, liquid to begin with.	• he flounces for underskirts are al-
Indeed, I have, said she, warmly. I m,,al invariably out circular when of went to a bargain sale where no one SL,k, and very often so in cotton, al-
nnd found 1 had left my though the latter are likely to stretch i.	I out of shape.
A Japanese girl who desires to get married does not hesitate to inform the
WHITE SILK SKIRTS
of influence, and these colonial ivosses-him under a *wons, which are now computed on the
Nothing is prettier or more distinct-
ive
bu ried
What-
1
1
trekked down it ; still fewer have got down to the water from the great walls of desolate and precipitous mountain that environ its course; and except myself two	neither
wU »m .m ever reveal its whereabout*, curious little rings, which,
I believe no mortal soul upon this rth|¦¦¦¦ has ever set eyes upon the place I am
you
fn 1871, ;ib ut i he time the Diamond suggestive in then symbolism. These
Fields were discovered and people be- inexpensive little fancies are the fad gin to flock to Griqualand West, I
was r.ith-r bitten with the mania and for some months worked like a nigger
on ! h»‘ Fields. During that time l got j twisted into a circle, the gold being to know a good deal about stones. I soon tired of the life, however, and finally sold my claim and what diamonds Î had acquired, fitted up a wagon, gathered together some nat ive* servants, and trekked again for those glorious hunting-grounds, of the interior, glad enough to resume my old and ever-charming life. Amongst my servants was a little Bushman, Klaas by name, whom I afterwards found a ; perfect treasure at spooring and hunting. Like all true Bushmen, he was dauntless as a wounded lion and determined ae a rhinoceros, which is saying a good deal. I suppose Klaas had had more varied experience of South African life than any native I ever met.
Originally, he had come as a child from the borders of the Of he had been >ken p foray, In which nearly all his relatione were shot down. He had then been "apprenticed" in the family of one of his wptors, where he had acquired a certain knowledge of *»mi-ftvilift**d life. From the Boer family of the back country he had subsequent-
eve r
FAD IN RINGS
at first
The business of a woman journalist,
sight, serin to carry no running, but
which, upon a second glance, are most | is held to be precarious, although there
few women in London earning
marriage ferently in Japan
are a
good salaries in this Une of work.
There are 3.700 actresses, according to the report, earning from $3 to $500
SURE SIGN OF SCORN
of the hour
A I I m rightly
For instance, here ls a golf stick a week.	....	,
Among the more unusual kinds or
work done by women those of bee-corrugated to reproduce the heavy kpe{>ing bill poking, selling boiling
leather covered hand, while a pearl water in the poor districts for a fart h-ball ornaments the tip. What more ing a kettle, calling to wake work-appropriate prize than this could be people in the morning, card-leaving for given the winner of a golf tourna- society ladies, which commands $1.25 meat?	a day and expense*, dog walking, that
Then, for the rowing girl, we have la, taking out pet dogs for an airing at a delicately fashioned loop, made of a the rate of about 62 cents an hour, thin, curved spoon oar of the racing I Sandwich women receive about 50 shell. And the hunting girl's heart is4cents a day The employment of women delighted with a horn twisted into a for this work is new, and as yet not circle with a fox's head, for an orna- common There have been % number ment. In this connection there is also of protests made against their employ-shown a riding crop with a horse's ment, and the S C A P A . which is the head.	Society for Checking the Abuses of
Of course, the expense attached to Public Advertising, points out that these rings remains a matter of choice while old and infirm men have gener-with the purchaser. They can be per- ally sought this occupation, among wo-fectly plain, or the devices with which men it is the young and strong who are they are ornamented may be as ex- taking it up.
travagant as one's purse will allow Women make from $5 to *750 a xveek Many of them are shown heavily in- in " fly-tying," for proficiency in which crusted with gems, but for, the pur- a three-years' training is necessary, pose for which they were originally Under the head of " fire-goya." it is designed they are certainly in better stated that poor Christian women m taste for being simple and of good the East-End often help t he Jews m material,	their neighbourhood by tending then
A
*
The End
WOMAN BICYCLE CLEANER.
To an English woman the credit is due for starting a new line of remunerative business. This Is neither more nor less than the cleaning of bicycle*. It Is told that she "has her regular
customers," to whose houses she goes for her work at regular and stated
Intervals	WÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊ
amounts to 12 cents a visit, and her
services seem to be welcome, cron by
AS TO CYCLOPEDIAS.	I	A CANDID POET.	those who keep several servants, for
_	. ..	. .	»	_ ...	,	.	.	this new duty does not	belong	to	the
Bass—No I dont want U. I hase one	A	candid	author, who	write»	to	tie	housemaid,	nor, in	fact,	to any	of	the
"cSSsS-iMi. i. mim ‘s Sr^ss i &
authority.	.alter:	riAn a rrttfh JOR
Baas—That’s ^ust the trouble It	I m not one of the born writers I’m
would contradict my encyclopedia,	butcher by profession, and when l m	Employ T.	impulsively	—	BCiss	De
with which l am now content, so that	not killing beef I‘ui writing poetry.	Pinki.*, t lar i,	will yo i	marry	m •?
[ should care for it no longer. No,	And m.v friends tell me that my poetry	Pretty Tyue-writer	—	What! And
thinks Where ignornace is bliss *tis	Us as	tough	as the	beef.	1/ you	agree	give up my	$20 a	week salary?	<ot
folly to buy another book of reference.1	with	them,	please	don't	tackle	it.	mucbl
SHE RAD KNOWN
knew me, | purse at home
This she does for what

ange River, where risoner in a Boer


\
###PAGE###7###
THE EQUITY, JULY 27, H90.

rOLM’K FORCE OF ONE. Inland i*t gMobaldy th«* ow country
in lh« world wbh h g«'f* «Jong with a
einglf |M»li<«*rn;iii, Tb# descendants of
111*' V'lkmgh have no need of indice-
Hi* «olivary officer, in uptti* of fun gnui icspoiiHibility, ban a easy urn*
Oi iimiu-ht and digim y i ban for in**. Th*: l<*'laiulvih t tonk it would not do

YOU CAN always rely upon the purity and uniformity of
t
Agricultural
CORRECT ANSWER
We ask not one cent of your money. In the accompanying I lies-tratlon la repree In outline the pletyre of Napoleon. Find the
msi*k ®I t4» have n capital wiih«ut a poli< * man, return to Me, end to and so they keep une.
each of our pet-rone who Interprêts this puzzle
correctly we will Doetor, higherl I he fat man, I guess give e beautiful	it S no u * I’ve tried ever y I lung you
Heavily Plated	*ve prewnbed nml grown fleshier «ill
Heart Bangle	the tune. Your	riHouifiienda-
NETH ERSOLE	t ion W:'s to ride hf>! ehar It, f VI* done MO
jjfdr BRACELET,	faithfully for a month, but I've Ink-
sjr	ee illustrated.	en un eighteen (rounds and the horse
fine lost 100.
men
IMPROVING POTATOES
f
va i y
lie is maintained more fur
d
CtiYLON TEA.
One of the first methods for securing improved varieties of potatoes I ever put into practice was suggested by nature’s effort to assist in this word, says W. K. lines. Some plants are favored in growth by conditions we may not be able to analyze or determine, but we may note the striking individuality of some particular plants, vigor of stalks and perfection of foliage, as compared wit ft the other specimens of the field. Do not fail to stake such plants, l*>esesM more energy transmitting desirable characteristics to future crop# than may be developed by several years of careful ma ni pu Ja-twifT Ify this method some of the more striking specimens in the plant world have been secured. At the time of greatest plan! vigor go through your
having a number of «.mall a, a k es	Wk"
hill*. With five minute*' work then	’TdTJr'.CX™ îht<M|
you c in go in the field when the- cron	-	. = - puzzlr within three davt from when ween flnit, w« will send with	Jg
idfrfiMk king, nUm free, » »|>I**»kIWI Simulating Kulty, Kmrrald or **p-1S matured and easily secure the eream LgggJ'ÿgM pklee aicunlne llfiaey Style Mirk Pin. To many thi* offer
of the season a growth.	titeiâMno.hV-’»
Select ing seed from the cellar to in-	h*vu been in hueine» in Toronto for t#n .veu*e, Olid have nevef failed to
....	1	fulfil every pr<»mi»e religiously Our bueineee tea légitimât# paving
tie.isc \ Halil > IS a more difficult task	enterprise, carried on u|>on the broad*it principles of co-operation, and WVH disposit ion than Hat her
“““ «	ka» to variety	Ihh. * Ha,hr all , ,gh.
it necess t ry to secure the best results, sre liberal enough in nuc view* to offrr tnduremenU to stimulate our Industrie» which have never * even believes bis own lie»
Tim two main point, to be consider*,1
are site an,I eye .level,,,«meut. The larg- Jg-g*» M».	'tâVSj*SÏÏliïZ?
est |K>tatO with the best e * e develop- and we will give you also the Solid Gold 8h*ll Ring and Pin. Could any prouowlSios be more fair 7 Avail mrni is -he one with the larges, vit- j
ality, hence it follows that the largest TISDAL.I SUPPLY CO wed piece with the least number of---------------------------------
Lead Puckitgeb
25, 30, 40, 50 and 60c.
*>
•>
f*i\£
<-
A BOON FOR THE LAME I
THE IVEY PATENT EXTENSION SHOE CO.,
Are mixIouh to secure the addrsee of i »ery lame Man and women io Canada rhoee last* m e* eomiste In one lm, I, being short r than th<* other, end ere «Ifcrîog a pnflog «•*. ploy tut nt to efcrji lain# p muu win, will take the trouble fo write for circulars eou care to act Hfl aguets. flet one of the Hateiieioue for yourself arid you will, after wearing N h week, have no trouble to wnrlime others of its velue.
This Kitension is by far the beet of it»nature ever p ared or, Ui* market and euaN the wturer to walk upright, to walk with ea e and oomfort, to wear any ordhtaef shoe, am i gives thr u, the same appearance .* their iu,,re fortunate Meeds Dê#«r1utiv« circulars free to all Ask for terms to agent*. A rhinite
TORONTO, CANADA,
-

<111 AT WOI'LD no IT
1

U!
)rk



an
i
X
•to

mi
0
BN


WOW	a,„	170 BAY STREET
U

In making thin marvellous offer we have no doeire to pone a* public htm-fa, tors.
It la purely a business transaction In order to put sample packages of Hionplieli ri Lime Frwll Powder Into the hands
S! iïJFÏrkSZ	mp Hotel Carslake
SLIGHTLY MIXED
«8 they often and power of
0 The Talisman 0 of Beauty
I hr i r 3 n scientific Huggexf out, said llu elated doctor. Try let 1 mg tho hoi 8»' rule you for n while.
Ah
paptlvatlng!
(jomplexlon
%
in
N'cfiie da ught
I •|fid n"f‘ how old Mrs. South in
said :t mother to her (it 11*
1 wish you would run own
She h;i8 A
hows
how H
e
ei
A
Hcautiful u* ft roM leaf; clear, soft and wet vet y a* nh infants, run lie obtained. H#-nt fin on application
v ,	THE TALISMAN CO.
* I	77 V1CT0HIÂ ST., TORONTO.
u
u
Kurnpeon Plan. Room* j hi Pll <|Uile ill
Op» top».
In h it*w in,nuii-s Nellie came run- ^ fling L it k ami reported. Sin* said to * ‘'ll you it wzifs m in of your husim mm.
Why, Nellie, said the iiMti mslnd mother, what did you auk her ?
•Iu«t what you told me in, replied the little i run vent, I told her you wanted to know how old «he wan.
m
I from •! a d.iy lit
Cl T it rttatioo, kfuutreal. lieu CareUkek Co., r
T
PUZZLE
Muh to make ten glamtee of lime fruit eortllal- a moat drlleleai, refreshing and delightfully pleae-•iiI drink, and all who are awarded one of our Hraveleta we require to die tribute for ua, among frionds, ib sample
require After di*
Y
Find
Napoleon's
Picture
MKJUJN’S PaUPKN C'KMKTKKIKS.
.More than H,(().'J parsons art* buried
annually in thr paupeiH' cemetery of lier 1 i/l

SUMMER SESSION
NIMMO & HARRISON,
BUSINISS AND SHORTHAND OOLLEOI,
I 0.0 F Building, Oer. Tongs end College Htn , Toronto,
Thorough end prnctlcel Instruction in ell nublectv pet» laming to % thorough Bueineee > r Ht.orthend mluoetio#. Tnorough preptral on for Inland Revenue end Olvll See»
Man in Distress.
A whole family suffering aching of nerve or mu»rle a« uiei p t ngs of neuralgia, oi I u in ha go m.i ken life a misery. Nervi line—nerve pain cure—will lieve all I hem p-net rating, and effectual
H K LI A N CE CIO AH FACTORY . Montrea»
La Toscana, 10c.
^	tl< e eieui oatioua. Opnn entire year, day and evening.
toolhach	.-t=L2!------
^i\\
VERY CONFIDING
We
Hut 4'o
l’er Month Paul MtiHularly on Invert mente.
surulus over this regular divid* w J dieLrSbuNi A <iy uiuount from $60 upward» recette*I for This Company ¦ plai. meets the requirement* of thousand* who are welling « *»fr eud iirr.fll-I able infi niment, end in creating a wiiiw.pread inU i eel Binon g invwtor* m all part* of the Dominion ROOK KUKK giving full particular» »h<.w* I, >w $100 may be-«*>ine glUU.OuO III tun year* by allowing turplUS pro/ft* to compound in raft- and eonaervative speculative invents ment*
The Dominion Investment Company of Toronte,
Canada Permanent Chamber», 18 Toronto Ht
Kutahhehed 184}
4
i never saw a in.in
f m',i v confiding
IH-
'Iii:'If erly in\ I'.tment
Nerviline is powerful,
Why, he
OF COURSE NOT
Marriage in so often a failure, said Mis« Caustique, that 1 don’t blame women a bit for being old maids.
Blame them? said the crusty bar helm Of cours** not. It isn’t fault.	*
I or Over billy > enrs
MfRH. WINHI.OWH SOOTHINU SVRUP baa bet toed ht mother* for iht-ir children teething. It sooth'* * he child, eoftena ih«* gums, allay* all pain, 'urea a mil colic, and i the i>e»i remody for diarrliteu tie. Sold by all dm; gis la throughout the world lie •ure end aak for “ Mr* VVinrlow ¦ Soothing Syrup "
3ôn. a bol
9i Adelaide St, Toronto, Ont,
Micir Le COFFEE & CO.,
modest appeal.
I he attention of EngIish-s(inking visitors to tlie Milan Cathedral is readily attracted b> the following notice, which appears over
Appelé to Charitables The Brut hers, so-called, of Mercy, ask slender
I. They harbor all kinda of diseases, and have no respect to religion.
vyee is the better for the purpose, and not 'over three eyes should be used in any case. I put myself on record as opposed to the
GRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
looms 409-12 Board of Trade Building,
TORONTO, ONT.
planted weighs four or five ounces. If | there should be more than one eye to selection of smooth» three ounces, cut the poorer ones out, eyed (h?tutors for seed. Now the feu- the above class of eyes generally lion with the career of the German
tuns of the eyes of a (>otaio are the produce several original stalks. The in- Emperor, /lis Majesty is the ninth
dented eyes in the middle and toward King of Prussia the seed end are generally single stalk ... gmuled, and when the potato begins producers and two eyes may be used, |	, ty"Iim,b year of the century, entvr-
to " run oui ” through any cause what- cutting out extra eyes if less t h.1.1, * .	my iQ IU89 and comp eted his
....	- ..........b 5rh.':r,.s;r.".!SrJ!| rraraur. «
zusjt szjtx. s&£}*ttsssr*n sa saü
eyes of the middle and of the main i from seed plot instead of field, using
seed end should show a bulge below, product of seed plot as soon as the amount is large enough for your gen,	,	..... **ral fif Id crop (>u i poses. Repeat your
demy toward coarseness will be eradi- selections each year and your seed cuted by field cultivation and ordin- p|(>t wi,j keep you supplied‘with the ary conditions, and especially with the, best of seed. With your selections use ut small seed as is often used. If made each year, almost any sized seed your field selection has been large will give good results, whereas if you enough, the smooth and medium-sized singly take from your crop the ine-sfock may be used the first season for dium and small sized potatoes, the road your general field croj* with excel- to " run out ” is only a short, one. lent results, using only best specimens For my own fields the seed is grad-loi seed propagation	ed for three years, except of course
lhe protruding stem end eyes will new varieties, so that I never have to give best results if each piece to be use common stock. I thus make a complete renewal of stock each season. As a result,. I never get a new sort but once. See that you have the best, then grade it with the same care you would your farm stock and to every farmer or potato grower who plents even an acre each season, the above suggestions will, if followed, increase net profits from one-third to one-half.
GERMANY AND NINE
CALVERTS
fh«' figure If Ills a peculiar coniier-
Carbolic DumtcotanU, Soaps, Olnt mont, Tooth Powders, otc., have been awarded 100 medals «nid diplomas for nupo. îor excellence. Their regular ufw prevent Infectious disease**. Ask >our dca.cr to obtain n «upply. Lints imtiltd Iree on application.
m •alms-Lux
John L. Corn*
Thomas Flynn
<i mis
Hobbs Hardware Co.
ife was born in the for the Hospital
characteristics of the type when ori-
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
MANCHESTER,
LONDON
BINDER
ENGLAND
Highest
Grades.
The (lutes
MINERAL WOOL.
This material being fire, frost and vermin proof is now being very largely used as a non-conductor of heat, cold and sound in cold storage, public buildings private residences, etc., also for covering steam, hot water, hot air, and cold water .Mineral Wool Toronto, will be pleased to send descriptive pamphlet terested.
ONE NIGHT
( ornt’ure. Ash your druggie for it. Price 10r
ei larger stem end eyes tbat protrude
select the tubers with
TWINE.
Lowest Prices.
Rope, Lath Yarn, and Eloyolea*
Des er», Ask For Quotation*.
The
er.
MONTRKAl,
The “ Balmoral,” Free Bus
Catholic Prayer
SLEEP.
Some doctors believe that a man has just no many hours to be awake, and that the more of them he uses up in a day tJhe shorter his life will be. A man might live lo be if he could sleep most of the time way to economize time, therefore, is to sleep when there is nothing better to do.
BOONS, Hoearieu. uru olflxse, Scapulars,
Iteüviou» Picture», Hta’uary. and (1mr<h Ornament*, Educational Work*. Mail order* noeiv# prompt attention.
thut ib, toward the at tun end. Any ten-
pipe. The Eureka and Asbestos Co.,
Dominion Line
D. A J. SADLIKR & CO , Montreal
ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS
Montreal end Quebec to Liverpool.
Large and fast Steamers Vancouver,
Dominion, Scotsman, Cambroman.
Rate* of passage : —First Cabin. $50 upwards, Second Cabin. $35 . hteerage, $22.50 and $23 50 For further information apply to local agents, or
DAVID TORRANCE A CO . General Agents.
17 St Sacrament 8l , Montreal.
flATFIITQ Procured in all countries Designs, r	® Trade Mark* registered, f.’cpyrighta,
" Caveats procured. Write forlnformatioru EOBRTON, R CASK. Registered Solicitor of Patente, Notary Public, Temple Building, Toronto, Oak
if you are in
The proper
COST OF A ROY AI. FAMILY The total
ini|>erial family year.
WANTED.
AGENTS Either eei, to handle our superior line of Crayon and Water Color Portrait*, Fraru*«, etc. Molar and Electric Prints supplied to artist* .nd the trade. ' All goods at wholesale um.es
PC WELL
cost to Russia of the is *20,000,000 per
It i* no snap to make a time exposure with a camera.
It ORTH, Toronto, Ont.
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited
0or. West- Market & Colborne St, Toronto,	i
Van get you burnt pneus for your Apple*, Rutter, Fgg*. ! Poultry, and other produce, if you whip it to them
That Oils I
Sis
Beware of Ointments for Catarri that Contain Mercury
a* mercury will surely destroy the sense smell and completely derange th : whole »>> tc-m when entering it lurougn the niuoou- sur face. Such articles should never be used ox cept on pre-cr.ptkn* from re mtable physln an», a» the datnu<e they wih do is ton fold u the g od you can pyssibly derive from them Hal Is Catarrh Cure, manufactured by K. J Cheney 8c Co., Toledo, O., c nmlin i o mercury. and i.4 taken internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the »ysie n li buying Hall’s Catarrh Cure be sure you gci the uunutup. It la taken int« rnally. and iitiui* in Toledo, Ohio by F J. Cheney 8c Co. Te n montais free.
Sold by Druggists, price J5c. ter bottle.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
Fact, Fancy and Fable
Have convinced people that Putnam’s Painless Corn Extractor should be giv. n the preference. Get rid of your corns; g»*t ri<l of them without pain; use Putnam’s Extractor and no other.
' !
Cured of Epilepsy.
HOT OR COLD WEATHER MAKES NO DIFFEREHOE I

ol
n
PEERLESS
I*
FOR SALS - BItUG'K COI NI’Y-
rg-tm*. Applt to JAMBS Kii-vuriliiif P.O., Out.
FARMS
THE STORY OF A ST. CATHARINES LADY WHO IS RESTORED TO HEALTH.
Home (ire.it R i McK STEWART, Drawer 16,
MACHINE OIL Does I tv Work Well......... ....
A-# Manlwnre, Drug and General Stores, all sell it fop their best Oil Sells cl eap as the o' her.
CATARRH of lh<‘ Throat. No u, Stonuo h and lilad-J	der perriianentl) cured. IiidiunCaUtirh
Ou-e Co., 146 St. James Ht , Montreal
LUST'S
Gives new life to Ik. Hair. It makes it gror _ sud restores the color
Sold by all druggists, 50c. a bottle.
ili»

She Kuffrml krorely,	Has lug
mm tlauy as leur * pa mum In a Heek-Nrveral Hurl ira tau» ulieil without IlntrBle
From the Star, St. Catharines.
LET US SPRAY
WHITE’S PHOSPHO SODA
It is «greed by everybody now that a spraying apparatus is a necessary, adjunct to every fruit farm. There are
so many kind» of insects to be killed ing device# has patented and fungous diseases to be fought that
t rees
failhfuffy he has little chance to harvest a crop. It is this that has made fruit growing so uncertain a business 18 I that the farmers who follow the old
An Effervescing Phosphate, esoeltesl cleanser for liver, tidney :md etoranch, takes the place of coal tar prensra-ione in caaoof headache, i ta effect la im mediate. Sold by all druggleu. in 10c. 25c. 50c and Si 0) packages
lueen City Drug 0o., 27( Welllngton-et. E., Toronto.
LABOR-SAVING SHEARS.
A Gerinun who believes in labor-sav-
u pair of
«hears with a spring attachment. When a cut has lien made and the shears are closed, the spring opens the blade# slightly o(M*n, ready for cutting, the arrangement acts in the reverse way and assists in t toeing th: m lighten the work of the cutter
Michigan l and for Sale.
iPüllüH
.owns, Hunches, Schools, etc., and will be sold on most reasonable terms. Apply to
R M
Mis. 8. JJ. Wright, of St. Catharines, has for a number of years been a severe sufferer from epilepsy, from which unless the farmer sprays his dread disease» she is now happily free.
To a reporter who recently called upon her to ascertain the manner uf her cure, she said;—" It is to Ur. Williams*
Pink Pills 1 owe my release, it some years since 1 had my first attack.
At the time 1 did not know what the	....	.	,
trouble was, but the doctor who was thoroughly discouraged. The only times
called in to attend me at once said it when they can get a crop are seasons
was epilepsy, and that the disease was wkpn everybody has a glut of fruit,
incurable. After this I bad the spasms 1 j they cau gel nothing for it. Spray-ub often as two, three and four times .	. f .	. . .	.	.
where ! was. 1 always slept heavily I things. Excepting untimely frosts or coffee cures indigestion, and all corn-•1 ei an at tack. binding that the ülkel. wea(her peculiarities that are plaints caused by tea and coffee which
not cure me, but that he could give me business as any kind of farming. It agp wm make 75 vup'K medicine that would prolong the w-^ uj#0 be more profitable also than makes a delicious summer iced drink
gSHrEÆI i EHH." sH 1 ...............................................—111 "
F KFF" FF F'%	I
to give Dr Williams' Pink Pills for the fun^ua ,ater lt can onIy «fier I to show their appreciation of the
11	I extended them ie to *
time after beginning to use the pills I ed	__ in Wj>tarloo0o# wn®ot Tp, Out*: \«aiV!»>Vth of
œ ^ y	°,KgKES.HkJl^T Boiler Makers !
vere and my strength to bear them (be best way of keeping horn flies I w. Li/)YD wood, loroato, general aoknt. I	I aeJ acre* of on hard an<t garden, ai-out 2# arre* of
srys-.i.rrsLi; --	Fltter«! lathe Hands 1
¦ rrrssTU.'sr rturi r^r -.. -- — U * r~—- —	ssaw «?
all twelve or fourteen boxes of Dr. |ke flies gather. One application ev-I 1*a-r	vehicles is called a flexible shop, best modern conveniences.	I addrws IiRablcekksman, New Dandee. Ont
Williams' Pink Pills, and although	lhree or four days will be a great wheel. The box is formed of a block Brantford is a healthy, progressive city
several years have elapsed since I dis- ;	A kind ^ 8liff grease to of *>!»d rubber that bears the whole Living cheap
continued their use, I have not in that , , kerosene oil has been added will weight of the conveyance and acts as tun- had any return of the malady, f, wel the purpose and if well rub- hiring.
I owe this happy release to Dr. Wii- I ^ info the hair at the base uf the l.ftms 1 ink 1 1 Is, and will always have 1	nee<| not be put on in very large
a good word to say for them.	j .mounts
The experience of years has proved ’ that there is absolutely nu disease due N> a vitiated condition oÎ the blood or shattered nerves, that Dr Williams’
Pink Pills will not promptly cure, and. turP8
ir=,ss/s •»» •*	«rr. •“* -«• «-
save money by promptly resorting to othy can scarcely be improved upon.
this treatment. Get the genuine Pink Provide pure fresh water in the pas-
Pills every time and do not be persuad- lure and have some suiting crop as
e«l to take an imitation or some other ra(ie, peas or oats on hand so that
remedy from a dealer, who for the any shortage of lvt|SIUM‘ ,,lav )r "
sake of the extra profit to himself, may ed over
say is "lust as gpod.” I)r. Williams'
Pink Pills cure when other medicines
BISMARCK’S DRAUGHT HOARD
Brass Band
The late Prince Bismarck was an ardent lover of a game of draughts, and is said to have possessed I he most valuable draught board in existence, the squares of which were made of gold and silver, to represent the light and dark squares respectively men were oxide of the tame metals, the silver men having the addition of a diamond in the, centre, the gold draughtsman having a 1 uby inlaid in t he cent re of each.
K
When they are wide
PIERCE. A guilt. West Bay City. Mich. Or J W CURTIS, W hittemore. Mioh.
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, etc.
Every town can have a band.
Both actions
Hie
I»weMt price* uvur <|it ole<l Fin catalogue, 500 il lu# tration*, muilod frvu. Write us for anything in Music or Musical InstrumunU.
time practice are generally pretty
THE
SEND
P
FOR
ETERBOROUGH
WHALEY ROYCE * CO., • Toronto, Can.
“Pharaoh 10o."
CATALOGUE.
Hanoe fjo.
W (LiMITID ) V
HARRIS
ëucoNion
LEAD, COPPER, BRASS
Wholesale only. Long Distance Telephone 1720.
WILLIAM ST., TORONTO.
DISCOVERED AT LAST.
to
W Ie € 981
i
Ontario Canoe Co.
J. Z. ROGERS, Manager.
PETERBOROUGH, ONTARIO, CANADA.
I
Mill# Mill# A Halo#
Bitrrimers.elc.. removed bo Wesley Bldg».. Rich-mood WL W.. Toron Lu.
LAW
$5 Tires
A 10c. pack-Rokco also
CUTTING SCHOOL-^" Zdd
C. A D. SCHOOL CO.. Montreal.
FREE! RAW
W»ieh, with guard or ohatelainc for sell tug 3 do* Æ ol our fulWised Linen DuylieeatlOc.eaoh; Lady a Sterling SUrer Watch for eelline I dot. Doylies la latest and pretUeet design. They sell at sight. Write and we send them postpaid Sell them, return our money and we promptly forward pour watch fees. Unsold doylies-—
M-nmki*	UNIN DO YÙ 00.. Dipt. 4 Tuo**
alogue
i 9*
Druggists, nr 381 Queen W. Toronto,

Double Tubes, give good service —Send in early—Wwii t last long.
—Headquarters for
—Goodrich Single Tubes,
— C. A J, Detachable,
—Morgan A Wright,
—Bicycle Sundries, Sad dies, Tubes, âo.
Dealers' prices on appl ication.
American Tire Co.,
164-168 King St. West,
TORONTO,
INVITATION ETIQUETTE
ÀVOOD&Photo Engraving
W J L. JONES ENG C?
,^6 8 10 ADELAIDE VTW lORONTO.

.a
CARD INDEX
ALLAN LINE
• ••
The only perfect system for keep, log names end addressee. a« Sample tray outfit......
Th# 017lo# SpeolAlty Mfg. S# ,
Limited
122 and 134 bay St., TORONTO Factory : Newmarket
KOVAL MAIL STEAM KltS
ST. LAW *e NOS
ROUTS,
MONTREAL TO LIVERPOOL.
Kr in Liverpool
6 Juiy......
13 July .....
30 July.....
27 July......
3 August ...
FARM FOR SALE.
From Montreal.
....20 July.
....27 July.
..... 3 August,
.....10 A nip 1st
....17 Auk net.
tous, will
sail from Liverpool Aug. 24, and from Montreal Sept. 7. Cabin Passatre $50 OU and upward».
Second Cabm - $3.'. 00. Return $66 50.
KUwrago-Liverpool. London, Glasgow. Londonderry Rueenalown, $23 50.
For furt her information apply to
H. B4HIRIIER, 77 Yonge St., Toronto,
CAUIX1RN1AN ... TAINU1. ..
PAItlKIAN...
LAUKKNTIAN
CALIFORNIAN
The new Twin Screw 8. 8 Bavarian, 10
LU
l»TI
or N. A A. ALLAN, Montreal.
Stammerers H33
WATEB0V8, Brantford, Canada. »¦a^>.»m.	J? 1 HEALTH RESTORtD "i
itbout medicine
Ideal Leather Polish I
Will keep yeur eheee soft as velvet | DU Barry S Arabica Food,
which Saves Invalids and Children, and also Rears sue* cnssfully Infants whose Ailments and Debility have re-
4/ cuA/ o'ituLAtuAA
firJlKÙLf '£i**st*SLrti/ * (ÿjunUésU* Csfùùf
GOOD SHEEP PASTURE.
MADE IN ALL COLORS.
. SOLD EVERYWHERE.
Clovers are excellent for sheep paa-nn<l a mixture of the white, me-
iood is rejected, saves 80 times Its com4 in medicine
9 Invariable 8
ir-o.ON
Annual Cures of Constipa. Mou. Flatulency, l>)sp* i-aia, nronchitie, Intie-legm, LHarrh
. 50 rears
Nervous Debility. Rleeplsmnem* Dee,
k DuBarry & Co.,
»	Leaden. W.. also in Farts, 14 Rue de
at all Qroeers, Chemist* and Stores everywhere, tm tins,
-Ai“[H
Areals for Canada : The T Satan ( o
EÿOtfWS^oTHDlKHOWj
(Limited), 77 Regent Street, Castigl ion, and
A
May
IHDIAN WOHANSBALH
^Âce/
f
The Iswver wants only f*#-eible
A MkrUftLNT MOCWE.
limited. TmonW
U:l
###PAGE###8###
re

0RNT8 Wante 11 FOK "THE LIFE year. I cannot aay that the working
.hehwoerT.Ul* greatest	"*cu here were eve. very strongly oppo^S
hero. By Murat Halstead, the lifelong to the hutting ill of the system
^	^ .he,,,	w
iuehes; nearly 100 nage* halftone Illustra- that they would got enough to do ill the
tedo,Blî ,%Ungof the work, at the ouUet, and
lifetime. W rite quick, The Dominion Com- I m the ext in labor that would he required nany, 3rd Floor Uaxton Bldg., Chicago. | for many yearn after, to recoup them for
any extra taxes that they would have to And this has proven to ho the* Besides, as it was managed here,
11 the burden in taxation has been light I W e Hold our $72,000 of debentures for a Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes to | premium of $o,O00, and used that
the morning and IIfleeu minutes In the after noon, dally, Sundays Included.
V
Farmers I
The
Hash is King.
you will SAVE MONEY
Good Morning: I
THE BOLL ELECTRIC CO
OOOOOCXX HKK»C >00000000000

o
case

by
MV TERMS
o
u
o
VHE
U
U
buying your
mini
to lighten the taxes in the first three years, while the system was, as it. were, “ getting on its feet and becoming .self
M 11 I M £
<>
o STRICTLY CASH, o
BINDER
TWINE..
Did you over wear a serge Suit I Of courue you did ! We sell serge suits—the good kind ; the kind that lasts ; the kind that don’t get “ shiny" looking in a week or two. There U as much difference in serges as there is in pics. Some make you look splendidly, while other only remain to remind you that life Is but a hollow sham.
o
o
l )t KHKKKHKXKK)1 kxxxxjooooO
Ily adhering closely to this rule it enables to do watch ami md sell everything in my line at
Vpnarently, it will 1m self the end of that period. Our yearly capital expenditure, principal and interest, is & h 25Ü for waterworks, an l $1,100 for newer ge. and tl o operating expenses of the system last year, wages and wood, w ere a few dollars over $l,hO0. We have revenue now at the end of the first year of $-,000 from private services and $000 from railways, and the town takes credit for $l,f>00 as well for tire protection. As a matter of fact, if we had let the franchise to a company we would probably pay considerably more than that for the rent of the In the above lines we lmvc a very I hydrant* We have 86 hydrant®. They •ice stock. Our prices are low. I ajv pointed much closer together than l goods first dus*'.	I required by the Vtidcrwriters. That
I arose from tlie fact that our first project I was for a gravity system from a lake some n a glass) miles away, and there being dmibt about all at out I the pressure, the engineer placed the hv-
that there would
Close connections arv made with all Cana- , lian l'H3tflc and Uatliieau Valley trains at I suslainmg by jjiill and with Dont lac Caelflc at Aylmer*
repairing
i
V1UVK
Baggage promptly handled
FROM US.
ROCK BOTTOM PRICES.
W. U. TAYLOR,
Sue.-Treat.
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
Our goods are guaranteed a $*s worth for a $ ovorv
tun® . . . . <
We can let you have PURE MANILA TWINE
from 1 to 2 cents a lb. cheaper than any other dealer in the county.
Get a "TYKE SERGE" Suit from us find be happy.
Fruits!
Groceries ! Confectionery !
i
A. R McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
GOODWYN
I
-The Watehmaker-ARNPRIOR, .
Ice Cream !
“Ipd Star", "Sampson & “Boston"
—HRAX'tiS—
ONT.
indu
1
If N
\\
d rant a close together he less loss vf i>uwvr through fvictiuh in long lines of hose. When wv changed to n pumping system, with more pressan , me consideration it was décidai to keep to the large number of hydrant#*, for the reason that though it meant a iter outlay at first, it meant an ecor.-in the purchase of expensive hose in the future, and the chauve vf a much effective fighting of fire with man\ streams through short lines of hose in critical times. At Perth, unless mistaken. the corporation pays the comjwm
#25 per hydrant.
At the end of the first year, we have
181 householders taking water. And these are not all “ bloated aristocrats
1 have looked over the list to whom bills have been sent out this quarter, and I find out of the bur something over sixty are working men, mechanics and clerks, who have already found that the water in their houses is not only a comfort but an econ-lnvest igation shows that
f the w atvrtakers are al
thoroughly satis
SO
PILGRIMAGE
- - TO --
Ste. Anne de Beaupre
Monday, July 31st, 1899
Via P. P. J. and C. P. Railways.
THE ONLY EXCURSION THIS SEASON.
2. MARTIN,
i
Upper Thorne Centre.
"ITT -Lfi
D. WILSON,
if tv
)
Opposite Pontiac House.


S1IAWY1LLE, - QUE.

IX
tuv
imWMATIHM M.| poatme dii fut
ROLLER MILL
SHAWVILLE.
mon
CH XNGEOFTIME
Planing,
Matching Dressing
Summer time cant ns below will take effect May lMh. t$t>9.
No. I Train Leave Ottawa.
Train Arrive Ottawa Train Iamvo v)tmwa No. 4 Train Arrive Ottawa Train Leave Ottawa.
No. i*>Train Arrive Ottawa Train L ave Ottawa No. 8 Train Arrive Ottawa No». 1 amt J, daily except Sunday.
Nos. 8 and 4 daily except Saturday and Sunday.
Nos 5 and 0 Saturday only.
Nob. 7 and 8 Sunday only.
For tickets and further Information apply to E. C. Arno dl. Ticket Agent, 91 Spark St., or 81 Central Cham hers. Ottawa.
P. W. RESSEM AN.
Gen’l Snp’t
1
5.	CO p.m 91 u a. tn 8.00 a. in
6.	15 p.m l 30 p m 8.15 p.m 9.30 a.m 7.8s p.m
NO
IS AGAIN IN GOOD WORKING
ORDER FOR THE MANlT U'TVRi; OF
No
No
by any of those
means
No
First class Flour
num
and
All-rail Excursion—Return Tickets, good for 15 days. Privilege to stop over at any station.
Refreshment cars and sleepers attached to special train.
Meals 25 cts ; tea and coffee 5 cts. per cup.
Timelimit—from 31st July to 14th August, inclusively.
V Gall Solicited
some
omv
eighty-five
users of the sewers, and there is no
that, while there is no direct
sewers, they have
JOSEPH BROWN,
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
VKOpiuirroR
question
revenue from tin
helped decidedly to make the waterworks popular and have tended to swell the receipts from wateitakers. The po< pie here are just beginning to awake t the healthfulness as well as comfort < having their water closets within the 1 I warmth of house wall. And the avoid*
Iance of having t<> go out doors in the
cold weather to throw out house slops is I (Jhipman to be thoroughly posted, wise I of moment to the health of the house-1 anti honest not so much to the wives of the
Pontiac Pacific Junction By
o

all demanda tnppMcd for
Official Time Table :
f
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
AM. Arrive 945
P.M
Aylmer tRreeken ridge » Hard ley Parker's Crossing t Mohrs Quyon WvmaiVs ? Tank Bristol McKee’s Shawville Clark *h
Campbell’s Bay Tank
Î Vinton t :on longe * Mellon’s Waltham
45 Leave
9
For further particulars, time-table, etc., see bills at all railway stations and post oitices. For berths on sleepers apply to Rev. Gf. A. Ficotte, Calumet Island, Que., on or before July 24th.
« 0,1
1. (2. ELLIOTT
WM. HARDER
9.00
6.12
8.55
44
6.18
S.5
4 4
6.26
8.0
44
6.3
8.22
6.47
• »
8.11
« *
HP	When y*>u by-lawn
Vve shewing cl very ]<lFg6 <111(11 rich, who can afford to employ servants have carried ami the works are uiulei
to do the work, but to the wives < >f the I do not he too critical of your men of moderate or small means, who nwr and construction committee. Give cannot afford to get the help, between f]u.m credit for common sense and hon-tlie pure water from the waterworks sys- esty. Be sure of your facts before you tom, the cleanliness following the use of criticise. I recently heard a citizen de-the sewers, and a good scavenging sys- claiming that the sewers livre must have tvm, Renfrew had less epidemic last fall been slighted because the water than for years, and the prospect, is that I strongly colored with more people using the sewers • all I Therefore there must lit the time, and consequently less house- sewers, and the cement must iu slops decorating the back yards, to fester have been bad
in the sun of early summer, there will be | quite amazed when informed that wliil even better public health here next year To most of the business men, the re
more than bal
1 have Iku
6.56
w i ves
8.1
6.55
7.94
S 9
s«
7.26
well-selected stock in the
VERY CHEAP RATES.
I
7.4
7. IS 7.16
8.90
following lines
8.03
7.9*
8.12
I
8.30
« 4
THE BEST IS CHEAPEST.
SIDEBOARDS,
PARLOR SUITS BEDROOM SUITS, COUCHES, LOUNGES, EX TENS 10 N TABLES, SIDEBOARDS, DININGROOM CHAIRS, FANCY ROCKERS, BABY CARRIAGES,
1
8.-47
Leave t
8.55 Arrive
•Flag Station. (Tank. t Flag Station
wa
f clay at the outlet
tge into tlu jeessarily This critical citizen wa>
Connecting with Hull Electric Railwi at Aylmer

r. W. R ESSE MAN,
GENEUAL SUPERINTENDENT
are nneaualled iu duality and
the engineer had advised against tlust veut water being run into the sewers in the general way (we have not what is .own as the separate sewage system
queried of several business nu n and find here), be had given permission that »	[With rubber	tire wheels] I that this has been the result in their	should be run into the sewer manhole
I case, as u has lieen in niy own. Fhere	I %houl 600 feet from t L-- outlet, there
are a few special risks, such as mills and being a large pipe and heavy down gnu e electric light plants, that have not bene- trom that point; and consequently this tiled in this way by the increased | clay-colored water, which proved so much,
But the average business I was simply the wasting from the ordinary And how about the I street drains, and really proved nothing
poor man, who carries no insurence ( I against the thoroughness of the work. What benefit to him ? More, really, There wore many criticisms of this calibre .	...	,	- than to the man who carries insurance, during the first few months; But now,
\\ C Jlfl\ C CX 01X tiling Id til G To the man without insurance, nothing I their knowledge grows larger, our
lilie oi l louse yurilishill^s. is more important than that his tire pro- whole population is settling down to the
°	1 tection should )>e quick, and that is just	c,nfideiit r.nd well-founded .belief tha
nmrr A M n	enntu	nnn\K	I the beauty of waterworks. No waiting	we have one of the bust and most up-ti
UrrlwL AiNU unU >v riUU.Lo	for steam to get up. But water, and date water and sewer systems to lie had
___A R QMII	RIIII DINTr plenty of it, as quick as the*firemen can anywhere. I hope Arnprior may duplb
v ^	‘ I get to the nearest hydrant with the L.^te it.
hose.	1	Yours truly,
W. K. Smallfield.
I
Unir Fences are tie Best.
Unction in insurance rat ances the increased taxation

TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT MAY 1st, 1899.
GO CARTS,
EX PRESS WAGONS, SHOO FLY ROCKERS, MATTRESSES,
CAMP STOOLS.
Hardware merchants sell these goods and can supply you. If they fail, you write the manufacturers at Picton.
THE B. GREENING WIRE CÔTcen. Agts., Hamilton and Montreal.
SOLD ALSO BY CANADIAN HARDWARE JOBBERS.
new service, modern equipment
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOURS.
protection. . man does gain here
»
>
>
?
?
?
k
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot : -
Local st > ¦ -R % 11 in 4 t< rmedinte stations. Ar Valleyllrld, couurcW Co
?
Central Caqada Exhibition Association.
Twelfth Annual
a 6.35 A.M
I
s M
tt-au Jet. for Cornwall atul points west
Q 1^4 'll" Limited stops Al-xan-Of OaT’O /Velile andria only. Arrives Montreal 11.15a.m. Pullman parlor car attached.
Sundays only—stops at intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. in. Pullman iwirlor car attached
Next Door to I>un.xld-*onK Jewellery Stupe.
b 8.45 A.M.
How much do the waterworks increase the taxes ? As 1 have pointed out, the prospects are that by the end of three years, the system will lie pretty well self sustaining, and this item will disapper r j jug As usual this Branch of our business is | from our tax bill; the people who use the
the whole cost, at docs it cost ?
Main St., - - Shawville.
EXHIBITION
At OTTAWA, ONT
September 11 to 23, 1899,
The A ille Marie Bank of Montreal, suspended payment on Tuesday morn*

Local — for Ruck land and intermediate pte.
Limited- Stops dria and Coteau Jet. only. Arrives Montreal 0.50 p. m. Pullman parlor
tar attached. Connects with trains for Quebec, I equipped with all necessary supplies in-I water and sewers paying
Fur Vanêymdli and8aR rniillTluthof the 81°.“ Law-	eluding the best embalming appliances.	but in the meantime, vvh
fence River. St. Albans, Burlington, etc. Arriving	_______________	I find that the man who is assessed	$3CO
Boston 7 a. m , New York 7.20 a m iiaa through	is paving 39 cents a year	for	waterworks
.igmrseevng a .	Local—«tops at intermedi- Description of Renfrew s W ater- j tax and 33 cents a year for sewerage ; ai &* Did yau hear the reason why I left
,,, _
To the Editor of The Watchman :	I is assessed 8» Nl for his property, [«ys | they all gathered around, fully exj ecting
to hear a good story as “ Tom," (fainilia «
ly c died by his f.iev's), til* el back
him chair.	*4
a <>.40 A.M. a 4.-J0 P.M.
UNDERTAKING
a!
t xan
The Reason he Changed
Situations.
9
(2) TWO WEEKS I (2)
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot
a 7.45 A.M
In answer to your request for some in- 05c. a year for waterwi rks tax and 55c.
• and intermediate pointa. I formation regarding Renfrew's water-	for sewer». The man who	is assessed
& | [,*^()	, 31, New ”Yorx, New | works system, I willingly rescind. I I $1,000 pays $1.30 for waterworks tax
England and New York points, Montreil. leaving at am glad to say that our neighbor town is	and $1.10 for sewer tax.	From this,
buffet " Ne W * Y,Sd( WW ta wa ^	Wagncr	moving forward in a direction that pro-	your citizens will lie able	to estimate i ««	I amwered nrr advertisement about a
I é) I /1 vnnxr L,mite<1 — from mises many comforts and advantages to whether they will place a very heavy	Light of Life," as the title
X fisr-ivtiriif.	% s&s r %% s? jjrsL‘
a iî ‘k P AT' t,imitcd—from Montreal lishment of waterworks in Renfrew some So that, altogether, my friendly mant, together with explanations of all at	Puianan pdTiur^ar!^ 8tap® years before they came, I may he inclined neighborly advice to Arnprior’s citizens more difficult portions, thus being a
¦	¦* Daily— Local— from inter- to take the most rosy view possible of Us	ctn plete C Momentary. It also contaii e
I mediate pointe Cornwall their present condition. Still I do not	Get waterworks.	I	the	complete lives of the Apostles ;	that
larLrc:u. 0,0110411 *>oin 8 *t8 * M man I think that there is now to be found here	Put them in yourselves,	and do not I	h a	book was really two volumes in	one,
anyone who will confess himself an	op-	give the franchise to a company.	embellished with same of the bis’ illu>
(HtQWQ ArnnPiflP H P3PrV SfllMll RV I p ment Of waterworks, or who will	say	Get sewers at thé same time.	iretions I ever saw.	The statues of the
**	}	'	* ' that they have not been woitîi to the And finally, get a good engineer, cyen Apodlee were by the renov n d sculptor,
town all they have cost us. In fact,	the	I if you have to pay a good price	fur	him. I fhonaldson, these	having been reprolast spark of opposition died away at	the	Just here 1 would put in a word	for	W il*	duced and published	in connection with
, r . time of the tire at the Drysdale stables lis Chipmau, C. E. As a member of the s xteen Masterpieces of the world
____• î.^nviik1 'pemhrniif! v'wi	| here last summer. This fire was right	Waterworks Committee, I was in a pos-	farn0U6 Blockhorst, Hofmann and Hihn
P. 8. By.. Barry's Bey, Whitney. Canoe Lake,	at-the end of the waterworks pipes and a	it ion to cl s ly observe his methods hire,	eng ravin g«.
i-arrv hound azvi Hitrriii-, difficult one to reach in several ways; and | I believe ho has a most thorough know	e	,
aerille, Pembroke, vja P.S, yet there was only one opinion after it ledge of what is latest and best in all	Know ing that not a fami.y in a thou
Ry, Barry's Bay,	Mndawwlis and	intermediate	pto	was out, aYid that was. that if it had not waterworks and sewer matters, and I	sand had the	livos of the Apostles ora
1	1	u	' '	Vrn™1	Mndawaakn.	Pem-	been for the quantity of water readily I y peak as one who keeps somewhat posted	Commentary,	and that this book wpuld
broke.	Fgaoviik, rvn-	available, even at a low pressure, as it	i	on these matters by » reeding of cun cYit	have an enormous pale, and as my old
Artipri..rand	1 ntermediate	Minte,	was at this point, the whole section of	I	h ientitic literature. Further, he has a	employers could not hold out sufficient
• took*, Eganvillt. Renfrew	the tmvn would have been swept by the	t’lovough knowledge of (‘.madian Munici-	inducement to equal the offer	of the
flames. From that time waterworks had	pal law», keeps a fair balanM between	Brad ley-Gar ret son Co. Limited,	I can-
conquered in this town, and at our last	c «tractors and corporal it n, and bring	eluded to give up drumming, and took
nomination meeting, one who had been	things out without a lawsuit. In our	hold of‘ Light of Life. J assure you
the most outspoken opponent of water-	$72*000 contract, there were exlras of	friends this change was the wisest I ever
works before they went in, confessed	only $381; and $300 of this was for piping	made, and I never shall regret it. If you
that they had been a wonderful stuoess, a street, an addition by council after th<	want to make	money easy and fast, a rite
and the prospect was that they would be contract was let. A fair l ejovl for an	their 1; tnt i	I M -so tor a ; : i i
paying their own way by the end of next j engineer, that. Briefly, I believe Mr.	mine.
Rockland
This Exhibition is second to none in Canada for..
LIVE STOCK ACCOMMODATION. QUALITY OF EXHIBITS, and EXCELLENCE OF ATTRACTIONS.
y

4
<>.00 P.M.
Grounds extended and several new buildings erected since last Exhibition.
$1500 added to Prize List this year, principally in Live Stock Department.
$3,000 offered in purses for Horse Races.
. TO AND FROM THE WEST (Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8.00 A.M
4.35 P.M.
Spectacular :	“ Bombardment of Pekin.”
(
10.30 A.M;
For Prize List, Race Programmes, and all Information concerning the Exhibition,, rite the Secretary, and for all information regarding hotel and boarding house rates
usult the Ottawa Evening .Journal two weeks previous to open-

i
5.50 P.M
I
and accommodation
Amprlorund InOmiedlatv ;
tog of Fair ' Spc

OTTAWA TICKET OFFICE
ally reduced rates on all lines of .travel
Central Depot Russel! Home Block.
Come First Week and avoid the Rush.
WM. HUTCHISON, M. P„
President.
V

lie world by mil ship lines, |is) Cook V
except c unday
Ticket* to Europe and all pnrt* of tl American and CanAdi me tdurs.
E. McMAHON.
< s
a Train * rrm <b b h un It,y only
26 Sparks SU






.

a,



