###PAGE###1###

SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JAN. 30, 1902.
No. 33. 19 rn Year.
11.00 a Year in Advance.
personal
Como and moo our $«3.50 enlargements, framed complete. Competition defied.
H ImsoN.
Wanted a Rot, 16 to 18 years of age, to learn the milling business. Apply The Shawviijjb MauNu Co.
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
Her. Mr. Waddell retimed home last week
Misa Ikon, of Ottawa, is vmiting at Mr. J. H. Hhaw’a.
We are glad to learn that Mr. James Robinson, who has been seriously ill, is very much improved.
Mr. It D. Finnigan, and hie son Ed inund, left last week for a trip up the O.P.R. with the object of procuring employment.
Mr, R. L. Whitman, of the Merchants Bank staff, ha* been holidaying for a souple of weeks among friends in the
^ MUCH TALKED OF STORE
Each Day Rere is “ Bargain Day.”
OTTAWA, CANADA.
........noee.eoti
......... 1.7SS.0SI
Head Offtert ., dpltal paid up
OP CANADA.
Board of Directors:
Chablis Maori, Kmq., President.
O so rob Hat, esq.,Vice- President.
Hon. Gno. Drtnon, Ja	Jon* Math**, Ewe..
*IUU,,Jli)R*i i Mrmr*TTB»e?AtLAIllli* **•
Of Mrs! M
. . . .	, Horse Blsnkets and Winter Huge to
- $6,000,000. be sold it cost.
Smart A Smith.
Extension of Time.—My days henceforth 'at Campbel’s .Bay will be every 2nd and 4th Tuesday in each month.
II. I MIRON,
Photographer.
CAPITAL -RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Mead OfHce, • Montreal.
rr&T.
Mi
Branrh** •
IN ONTARIO
Ketwattn.
Kemptf-lle,
HatUwa,
Ottawa,
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
It is still early in the winter. Warm, heavy Clothing will be needed for a long time yet.
I AMI*.
Parrr booed, Ptmbrohu,
Alexandria,
Arnprlor,
Father Cole Dead.—Father Cole, formerly parish pries t at Hintwihurg, died Monday afternoon at the Water-a*, hospital, Ottawa.
Notice.—All subset iption accounts that I Emma
.re over two jear- m arve»,. will be Mtg D. Wilmn, of Ottawa, who he. plwed m the hands of the Clerk of the	,isi(i hie mother and brother
Court. Th« Iujuitt require* all money f0I gome ^me, especially owin* to the due, and muet have it.	[UfaeMofthe latter, returned hume on
Honey loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
Avon mote
Mr. Archibald Leitch, of Cranbroook, B. 0Mwho iainthe east at present, paid a fly i*K visit to Clark’s Station on Saturday night, accompanied by his daughter
Rat Portage, Winchester,
do Bank Rt. Renfrew Piece, do RideeiSt. Toronto,
do Sornemt 8t. Winchester. Vankleek Hill, Smith's Fells.
Brscebridge,
do
Csrleton
CoLden Hawkeebnry,

BAVINQ8 BANK.
Acoouu/.s opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours Saturdays .
IN MANITOBA
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Portage Le Prairie.
IN QÜRBBC ;
Hill,
Shawlnigan Falls.
Agents In Canada, New York and Chiesgo-jtank of Montreal.
Agente in St. Paul-Meretisitti Nat Bank: Agente In London, Bog.—Pan's Bank Ltd,
We are selling* out every thing in the line of
WINTER GOODS
AT AND UNDER COST!
Lwhute.
Montreal
10 A M. TOO F.M
Marriage Notice.—At the residence I Monday.
F. ?. PARKER, | of the bride's parente on Jan. 23rd, j	-----*
Manager. 11902, by the Rev. W. J. Nesbitt, Samuel I "John Cook, a farmer living in Hull
8. Dale, of Shaw ville, to Hattie Corrigan, township, youngest daughter of Wui, Corrigan, | from a h Esq. ot Clarendon.
_________________________________]	<>n Tuesday evening a young man I Two physicians in Philadelphia have
_	j t , -. . a ,	„	named Frank Brisard, son of Mr. Alec been leading an anti-vaccination crusade
glvemTR T«lL!ï^1î%yCM<dS mmSKm and (^ph^ioM^Thkk th2 Sûîle“Tow^MU^x halSln %n et Agent, Arnprior, Ont.	| first bona fide case that has occurred in I the household of both doctors. The disease
tbit vicinity since last spring.	[ has simply taken refuge in the home of
Mi friends.
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
, not far from Aylmer, fell ay loft last week and broke
three ribs.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
A few choice Robes to be sold at greatly reduced prices
Smart & Smith.
The Presbyterians held a parlor social at Mr T. Wilson’s on Tuesday light
. Photos, made by Imison de not fade He uses the best material for manipu’a
That snow storm one Wednesday came , ,	_	...	_ .
Studio, Pontiac House ; Branch, in awkward for those who are still At the directors meeting held on Sat
handicapped by the disabilities of vaoci	the board rectified an error which
, nation. A lame left arm attached to a appeared in the pnse list published on Dr. 8. R. Martin, Surgeon Den tut, of sn#w,hovel makes rather a poor combina «« 3rd of October. The error occurred Ottawa, will be a Caldwells Hotel, tjen	m awarding the 1st prise for year old
Shawville, for one week, commencing	ram in the registered Shrops
Monday, January 27th, 1902. Parties Our hockey team played the firs' match J<**ph Brownlee instead requiring treatment or plates will kindly of the Reason with the Quyon puck chaw Drummond. The error was made in the C"me early.	ers on Monday night. The result was a judges book and recurred thiough
tie score of 4 to 4. Owing to the ex- fault of the Secretary, tremely inclement weather which pre-	.. ,	. _	....
vailed onr boys remained in Quyon over Mr., Hazlewood Kemp, n highly re-
The DpusStore, the twenty dollar Confederate hill on the Deceased who was in his 80th year, had Shawville. Assyrian peddler, and was the means of resided in Hunt'ey for over forty years.
getting the latter into trouble is in the |*y industry and integrity he gained the Dkak EDITOR	toils for his cleverness. Constable Wm. confidence of all, and a kindly spirit won
Plesc insert the following in some eo-	located him somewhere up the him a'Jarge circle of friends. Mr. Kemp
Inmn of The Equity :	Coulonge and conveyed him to Bryson was a g<x)d neighbor and a man always
In answer to a telegram from Bristol jail where he will undergo a year’s im considerate and courteous in his dealings.
Corners, Dr. McNaughtou arrived at noon prbonment.	___________________
on Tuesday 21st inst. The principal Item	—^
on the programme being vaccination in- The Hotel Cecil, Ottawa, was destroy- Even farmer may apply, but only one
SKES?*®- “¦	ssvstsurAti#
Should we have compulsory vaccination	the fire that the in mates of the hour#, 0f oats he cannot also receive one of
in the coming years we shall inform Dr. Ml number, had barely time to es- ^leat, barley or potatoes, and applies McNaughton, through the magic tongue cape with their lives, leaving their effects tions for more than one sample for one electric key.	to perish. The hotel was owned by Aid, household cannot be entertained. These
James Davidson, and valued with con- amples will be sent free of charge tenu at $60,000/ The loss was covered through tl e mail, by insurance to the extent of $34,000. Applications should be addressed to the
Director of Experimental	Farms, Ottawa,
s sSSMkSBrSa s Jss^’sttSSi a	A
health with their certificates of vaccina from Paris, dated Jan. 25 :	be closed, so that all samples asked for
1 ‘Mayor PrefonUine and Chevalier may be sent out m gcxxl tune for sowing,
money that can be saved by complying struct the Georgian Bay Canal, the many be exhausted, some other good sort will with the rule of taking those certificates tjme millionaire member of parliament, !» aent in its place.
SsSsSis	-
help the different officers appointed who emment wish to see the great project are trying to do their duty, however un- realized, pleasant that duty may be to themselves.
Citizen
last
bon
Campbells Bay
All Overcoats and P. Jaokete must go. All Underwear must go.
All Moccasins must go.
All Lined Gloves and Mitts must go.
All Woollen and Knitted Goods must go. All Ladies’ Coats and Furs must go.
All Blankets and Rugs must go.
Mr. G. A. Howard, local agent for the McCormick Company, has handed us a copy of the very handsome end attractive calendar issued by his company this year. It is a beauty.
The commodious hall in connection with the Ottawa House, Cunpbell’s Bay, of which Mr. Tom McManus is the genial proprietor, waa formally opened on the evening of the 20th inst.
hhireclas to of Malcolm
no
SIGHT MADE PERFECT.
Next summer I intend to remove my portable saw mill to Green Lake, where I will do custom work. This winter 1 am prepared to buy logs delivered on the ico there
A. N. Wilson.
The directors of Ag. Society No. 1 held their first meeting of the year on Saturday Seme of the new blood instituted into the personnel of the board at the annual elec ion held some weeks ago,
the presence of Mr. «Terry Shea, of Calumet Island, and Capt. J. Stewart, of Clarendon. It is safe to say the new men take well.
Mr. Sam. Hodvins, who returned from the Desert country last Saturday, report that a large number of smallpox cases exist in that region. One shanty caew has been quarantined for 30 days, account of the disease, and the hospital st Desert contains 47 patients Some Clarendon young men are reported to be in the quarantined shanty.
Those who attended the recent carnival at Qnyon report that event to have been moot successful, although the weath-somewhit disagreeable. There large attendance and about 160 in costume. The prise winners were : Miss Annie Meredith, representing “America," and Mr. 8. M. Gagnon, an officer cf the 43rd Bstl.
last Wednesday's snow storm, according to the newspaper reports was general over the northern part or the continent, and unusually severe in some localities. Railway traffic was delayed considerably, while the country roods were rendered almost im the P. P
K*
Bargains for Everybody !
It will pay you to buy now even if you don’t need the goods till next season. They will keep
and you will save money.
UICK!
was manifest in
Wit
of the
BUY
Bristol Corners, Jan. 231902.
Mr. Editor
on
J. H. SHAW.
lion
Disinfectants.
The Ransom Paid Over
London, Jan. 27 —A despatch from Sofia, Bulgaria, today says that the ran-of Miss Ellen M. Stone and her
?ldfleld Shooting
j^rssxsn k »«•»*¦ «**•»*	1 ””
made ite appear»uce in the village, Mr. brother of David Kmj payable. The express train on George Dale, having contracted the dis- Pontiac, who is in j»i _____J. R , due here at 7.30, did not ease. After several day's illness from what ed with shooting
arrive till about one o'clock, and them was supposed to be typhoid fever symptoms Syrian, now in the Protestant Hospital, only with the .id of. enow plow and an	wit "pronoun^ Ottawa, waa brought to Hull bat Friday
extra engine.	varioloid and Mr. Dale's house was prompt- and placed in a cell as a dangeious
tMolirtoiMiw «.a--	-I am* *	"MromioAS
E=‘Irr.é« SStSSS1""“
HBB33a£EF« * ~ — --s
the town 1» equipped.	The supposition is that the Dale family The lunatic was accompanied to Hull Wanted, for general farm help
The young men of town have organ-1 contracted the disease from Herbie, one of	^ sister, who wept bitterly when and wife without children. Permanent
i«d a hockey team with th. following the	^rbro her ww locked up and .he de- employment to suitable
officers, namely : J. M. Steacy, Captain,	^e alleges he was laid up with the glared she would not go away without,	vv	Rutledge P. O., Que
Harold Hodgins, sec.-Irene. ; Messrs, malady for some days, and that he return- him. However, she left the jail with Whyte, Ireland and Naylor, committee, ed home without having been disinfected, other relatives. Marcellin Kingsbury Mondays and Fridays have been choe-	-?- will be examined as to his sanity He
smsmi rz“.. it
‘-Th-, F.rr.11 „,i„d h... o J 8~npl~ of Cho.c. Gram for lb.	“"T’ T
• r ' -------- Lue,d‘l m ™ wUlHh^,™n hie Plrente’ Improvement^ of Seed.	ghaWTUie, Jan. sue».
ggggHS SAZa 3^:^IT OcputaoryVaoc^,
y	money.	dis ribution will he made this "sason of 7he Inhabitants of this municipality of
Mr. Wm. James Dag*, son of Mr. I We had quite a snow storm here samples of the most productive sorts of Any ^ arc requested to exhibit their John Deg , of Clarendon, who went to a Wednesday, and whether owing to that	grain to Canadian	farmers for the im-	certificates of vaccination to the under
Montreal hoenital some tft.e ago to be or some other reason we have	had no	movement of seed.	The stock for dis-	signed aa they ye now liable to the pen-
=sir..........—- - - -	.^TBfcSS^iSS? kEIsESE.k-E
The remains of the late Mr. 1>agg ar- Mise Sadie Farrell has gone	to Ville	mental Farms from	the record breaking	^hibit a medical certificate to that effect,
rived here by train ou Monday night, Marie.	crops recently had in the Canadian North-	Fineg an(j penalties recovered as provided
and were received at th station bv a I Mr. George Wilson went to the Bay west. It will be worth while for farmers for in the municipal code. Any person
“X JL as. h=a -,. - -, F-.... fj-S'«-.MS- a
bereared member* of the amity on th. I to Ottawa on Thaïe a».	than 1000 buehela per acre can be had.
dreary journey homeward, through a Mine l.oie acully, FUng. A., waa visit- The dwtri ution this Spring will onoaiat
blinding etor *1 mow and wind whiehI iag for a few days et her stator's, Mrs of eamplee of oata, Sprint wheat, herley. Municipality ef Sbawrllta,
Art her Qwale a	| field pew. Indian oom and potatoes I January »h 19M.
iingabury of A ldfield, companion, Mine. Tailka, hua been paid i jail in Bryson chaig- to the brigands, and the captives are ex-Elias Joseph, the As- pected to be released today.
\n ounce of Prevention is worth a pound of Cure.
Notice to Debtors.
We have a full stock of Drugs for fumigating and disinfecting
Sublimed Sulphur Copperas Carbolic Acid Formalin Corrosive Sublimate
Etc.
All recognized as the best by the different boards of health.
Farm Help Wanted.

man
*
*
SCHOOL TAX.
?

The Drug Store,
fri
lie, Que. :
na
H LANG Executive OfTWr
###PAGE###2###





LIFE BOATS WITH RECORDS
the then vacant of Spain. William replied
||||||||||l|j|||||||||||||||||l||||||||l|||||||||||||||||||||inu(r , Any further negetls-
ollior Friday. llor ejros sparkled, Ihrlv end. There was enough devilry Oormsn princo for
*x.t ssslstu	— - -
W^WmSmSi
We others used to vail our chief the Parting.	/	1 mt ( clft.stino, ui	. ln was in a forment, and Franco
Wise Man of the West, and, with cor- "0 w,h 800 about it, Bald slio. though .‘.ho "as, ha	declared war against Prussia,
tain limitations, ho deserved the	‘Good-bye! ”	that room at No. 1 • a a * ‘	. Ilenctmsflold shook his fist at Itus-
phrnso. His notes in cipher ami his Again tho chief gave mo that tro- when the infernal 041(11	‘ „ia once by ordering a special train,
whi^ the Boers >ct in the field num | nods had Kuropctiu value. That mendous Look of his when I handed opened. -London Answms.	^ Was at the time of the Berlin
iini.	noon Son The othei much wo all knew, though we knew him tho Ambassadors receipt. But	------?	“ mY%nn Congress of 1878, when the British
.W» .»iu.h i„ south A„:„.	VERY DELICATE BUSINESS	Tit.
guarding the liu- a of communuation, lor bjm than the row of tools it was 1 riduy again, and I wore	—	latter appeared to be reluctant to
Cape Hutch quiet, ami | above a carpenter's bench-mere cum- violets in my buttonhole. Some- HOW NATIONS SHAKE i Hl.IR ftCcopt them, and the rumor wont
borers of space until the master- thing made mo remove thorn when I FISTS AT EACH OTHER. round that Beaconsflold had ordered
hand took hold of us and dignified us went to tho chief lor tho Embassy's	-- ft special train to convey him from
by using us.	| *Klff• *tut they were soon in «gain; And Let Each Other Know I hat Berlin. What this meant was well
It was on a Friday in mid-No vein- *uid it was a determined man that 1	If They Don’t Look Out, understood, and tho crafty Bismarck,
under the j into my hansom, and whispered	Well—	not wanting a war Just then, acted
s ! chief’s mighty displeasure. As an up Any orders through tho roof-lid.	r il5 1lin most us tho "honest brokerM and Induced
S ' experience, it wuh comparable to no-I 'Wax's, In New Bond Street- ,Diplomatie fisb-shak-ng is the mom ^	6tatesma0 to Cttnrel lt.
thing else. To seo those groat black ! and quick as a lightning flash!"	I.1, 1l,11 !i	tH.	k rnuntrv are	The ultimate outcome of hlA action
eyes of his raised at you. with their I I here was fog in the streets, yet	J 11	‘‘ !° .* 0	,	ni nrtisimr their	whs tho famous ’'Peace with Honor
silent condemnation, was w orse by not enough to frighten my driver. ^	1	LCed nZtings treaty
much than to be stormed at by a He dashed to the door of the per- hlu>o1 .	1 . '	, Lhcir	So light nro the action» and words
common mouth.	fumer'* as If 1 were the King him- al'dJ*°ot!?&	ol the | which diplomacy under,tends „s
I "Well?" he murmured, In his die- ^'If in n hurry. And I, on my part, 'L " ^ événements cire oxclnmg- threnti and Insult». that It Is ob- Hut the tug that has helped the Ilf», exile, irksome	service,	constantly re	away voice; and 1 know that it was	dashed, bag and nil, into tho shop.	*	. Q 1U),jto nn(| letters so	vious how grave	uro tho risks	to it	boat so often was there too—that
curling	danger	lo	life,"	ami	snail	like carrying coals to Newcastle to	whei-o (.olestme's (aco and anxious	\,‘ful|y worded tlm't tlioy might be	country through	n	tactless or	Imlls-	tug which is almost as famous a»
inform him of my adventure. Never-| smllo-il was anxious, by Ilcavcn,	it	* ...	;	, )thur „llt to dinner. But	erect minister at the head of nlfnirp.	tho	'	Hradfoid"	herself—and	tho	llfe-
Ihcless. I only told him the baro "as!-,not mo instantly.	"a	„„d	polite	as	these communie,c-	Such lapses from suave phraseology	boftt	mi.n	wcre	not	t0	bo	daunted,
bones of it.	It was good-morn,ngl" with each	ar£ a diplomatist knows, ha|H- led to more wars than actual Two of them leaped Into tho rlg-
1 explained that the sealed bag Imd	of as quickly enough, and. at a nod,	,	certain phrases are used, that	differences between	nations	them-	gj,lg of tho "Fusiller" as tho boni
There I been duly delivered to the Russian	wo went again towards tho waiting-	,.	thunder of nitillcry is within	selves.	rose close to tho wreck upon a wave.
"''SS	BETTER WITHOUT BOOKS.	....““*
nv” 2E";rE/Hir ,,:E Eiÿ:£rr;3£HH =^33'^ "Stiffs itsas8 E!E.£'E BHB E:
begged faintly to be taken to Alix> ground. His arm sprang at my u wiU bc remembered that before	*—	. . , e . four souls rescued. But their night's
Hotel; nnd what could I. or any gen-, temple before I could move or cry tho war Mr. Chamberlain had foul Object of Teaching Household h>ci- work wns not pni8hcU Ail the
tleman in such circumstances, do but out	R formal statement of tho reformfl *nce Not to Make Domestic “Bradford” was going along, tho
entrent her to use the vehicle ns her "ben I recovered consciousness I whivh Britain expected tho Transvaal	Servants.	mast of another sunken ship was dos-
own, if she were aide to mount into | was Mill in the wait ing^room, with Government to curry out. He added profe j w. Robertson, Dominion cried some distance off, with living
ldestine, a doctor, and one of tho that unless these wore acceded to Commissioner of Agriculture, was men clinging to it. And if those had young l‘ai*faxes. But the bag was the Government would have to coil- Very hard on "book learning” and to wait until tho boat could return K'""'	sider the whole situation afresh, ami tj,0 0]d education generally, so far it would be too late, exhausted ae
h* culujation of my loss soon	*nkc what measures they deomed no-	(X3 children were concerned, in a	lcc-	they were. They	cried	for help, and
Y Ul<’ r! ton n'st my senses,	cessary to carry out	their policy.”	turo delivered by him recently to	tho	the "Bradford's”	crew	shouted back
iin.l, weak and brain-shocked though This mild phraseology had but one students and friends of Aloulton encouragement..
1 wus, 1 got on my feet and demand- moaning to those who read between Ladies' College, Toronto.	So again they turned, and took no
0( jxn explanation.	the lines of despatches.	Prof. Robertson, who, by the way, less than sixteen men from that
I he doctor and young Far fax gave Mr. Kruger's reply was rn ultima- Sftjd jie Bore his title of professor un- mast, and tho tug and the "Brad-it. destine slipped oil. And all I turn—that is, a threat. He demand- willingly, promised to tell what wufl ford” came into Itumsgato with one learned was that my assailant had od that Her Majesty's (• over;• mont Being done ill regard to manual hundred and twenty-ono rescued hu-< i pt111 but ore au alarm was raised. ; should withdraw their	troops om	, training in Canada, and not bother	man beings, tho grandest trophy
It was as a rtimed man that I drove	the frontier, nnd cease	to send any	about theories, but lie managed	to	English life-boats	ever	had
™	the office,	morq to South Àtficiii adding tJ at ^ork in n good deal uf Uisojc n tho
I be chief’s waiting	for you, sir,”	"if no satisfactory answer were	4v	! course	of his address of nn hour and
said the porter,	meeting	mo	on tho	reived by the following day,	not	a half	Manual training was not in-
later than live o'ctpck^Uie_ Boer	tended	to make artisans, but to de-
¦¦¦	I |so,	Government would, with regrit,	be	VQj0p	(.bo mind for itself, the body
to my stupefaction, was the Russian compelled to regard their action us a for itself, and the spirit through Ambassador’s usual receipt, timed formal declaration of war, and both ; in other words, to mako bet-11:801 it was on the chief's desk. would not hold themselves respon- t(?r mon an(i women. Tho citircns of "I sent Mr. Pemberton with the si bio for tho consequences thereof." Boston, the most cultured city in tho documents to-day, Mr. Pauncefote. THE FASHODA AFFAIR.	United States, found that tho best
They were too important to—to en-	British Government sent a mental training for their girls of
trust to you. Well, and what has s)lort reply note back to the effect from 12 to 15 years of ago wns a happened?" he said calmly, but with tliat "when the Boer Government training in wood-working. Physicians n fierce gleam latent in his eyes. c)l0S0 to address such language to testified that certain parts of tho Then 1 just confessed everything to jtor Majesty’s Government, they did! brain of persons not trained mun-him, including Cclcstinc. When I not deem it necessary to give any ually between these ages always re-had finished he said simply;	reply." And within a few hours the malned coarse throughout life, and
"You had better go homo until the R0cr forces had crossed the Natal strumming a piano was not manual morning. Good-day, Mr. Pawnee- frontier.	training sufficient to fill this want in
fote.”	The Fnshoda affair with France is Frof. Robertson's estimation.
Sorry for myself, I wont, not with- fresh in everyone’s memory. It was out wonder about that stolen hag. known. ¦ WÊÊÊÊ/ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ WÈÊM And all Pemberton said, when 1 ! had boon arrived at, that the
whiflpe this

H9TE3 1SD 00MMENT3.
SOME BEMABKABLB EIGHTS WITH THE SEA.
The task ot the British In South Atvica Is known to be large, but ev-
How the Chief Won
en the Brit I h hardly know how lug it realty is. According to a recent oi t ivomf Pretoria, there at o bo venty distinct Boer Conunandoes. tig ai nst whicii sixty-nine British colin these sixty-
Wonderful Deeds Performed by Brave English Life-Saving
Crews,

re
I
Without doubt tho most famous English life-boat is the “Bradford/*
of ltamegate
had
What a retard that boat has of marvellous rescues, won-(Jim !nl deeds by her crow, and of ox-vellent sorvjco against tho traps of tho dreaded Goodwin Sander ¦ wns a present from tho Yorkshire worsted town, and Bradford is just as proud of the Ramsgate lifeboat a a uro the Ramsgate folk themselves, «ays London Answers.
1 hero was n fearful fight one winter night between tho “Bradford” and the sea, when tho emigrant ship “Fusilier” was sinking. When the life-boat did at last roach the wreck hor crew was appalled to learn that thoro were over one hundred souls on hoard f The “Bradford” could not carry more than thirty at onco in
SUCII A TERRIFIC SKA.
nmna are operating.
columns tli re are 45,000 Bien
nine
She
keeping the In t e hospitals
'Iho supply of officers is said to fit éhiut, and not likely to increase. The rca on offered for this state of affair:
to be
her that I first canto
Is that tho officers are brought to a higher standard of officiel! y by many new and laborious procvrses, all of them to be added to the old inconveniences of frequent
M
I
“The scarcity of raw mater sa> s tho Army and Navy G a
fa
ial.
“is likely to be greatly em
eette
phasi ed in the near future, mo abundant signs on every that the retirements and tho consequent vaoanci s will te very numerous at tho end of tho wai
After t rem nnd one
will go who can; men of private
who have earned their
one
mca ns,
pensions, all who tan possibly withdraw from active employment will
men
do si.”
it?
Even then, however, I was faithful to my duties. Seeing that she wns not badly hurt, I hud asked her permission to call at the Embassy first of nil. Afterwards ray services, in reason, were at her disposal—nnd, of course, the cab. To this she had assent ed.
I procured the Ambassador's re-ceipWfor the precious consignment—a weekly routine—nml rejoined my companion. At Mix's Hotel wo parted,
and----“That's all. sir," 1 ended.
“Quite nil, Mr. Vauncefote?” murmured the chief, in his drowsy way. men who have “Certainly sir,” said I.
“You inny go,” then said the chief; nnd he gave me that look which mo feel as helpless and guilty us a child caught by its mother with an unlicensed jam-pot and spoon in the domestic pantry.
Yet afterwards I tried to puff myself out with comfortable pride, nnd n sort of stubborn self-assurance that the vest had nothing to do with the chief. It amounted to this:
Colostine, tho lady, had won my love in those few heavenly minutes.
Her gentle, pain-chastened smile, her whispered regrets about her stupidity, even the perfume of heliotrope which came from her, and the glorious beauty of her superb grey eyes, soon did their execution.
“No,” she had said faintly, when I had expressed the wish to call at the hotel to inquire about lier; “do not do that. There are reasons. But At least, toll me your name. You remind me
of someone— someone who was very clear to me until he died. My name is Colas tine Travers. And yours?”
Well, Jasper I’auncefoto was nothing much of a name to swear by; but I gave it her. Then she offered me her hand.
“Good-bye, Mr. Jasper Faunco-
foto,” she fluid. “Though wo me y was headed, “Horrible Occurrence in never meet again I shall remember the West End!” nnd tho particulars
were about an Inexplicable explosion you some- which had taken place in a room of 1 said, impulsively holding'No. 8 Palace Side, a house occupied her httÿd to force on answer. And , by a Russian nobleman of distinc-sho, on her part, after some thought, | lion, named Slromsky. The unfor-
ggjgpgg	Innate Slromsky nml two Other gen-
F rid ay morning, between ! Women were blown almost to pieces, eleven nnd Imlf-past I am at Ear- and the furniture was wrecked, fax's, tho perfumers. Perhaps, after I Now, this Stromsky was known to this omen of to-day, I may change all at the office as the chief's aver-the hour, though they are terribly sion. It was said among us in whis-busy people, and it may not bo pos- pers that a meeting between tho two siblc. And please say ‘Good-bye’ | men without gloves, again, and loose my
Pnuncefoto, for I must lie down, to | world to sec compose my nerves.”
I ask the intelligent nnd sympa- ! sky's to destroy him—a cold-blooded, thctic render if, in my place, feeling | murderous plot.
towards this young lady ius T did
ho would have told a man like my I why I felt furiously excited as I read chief, these wholly personal details j this news—oven the mere superficial of the above adventure?
It wns curious, of course, that t
hour of her visit to Farfax'e should I not been wagging our heads ov8r the coincide so precisely with the time of ! Stromsky business for five minutes, my weekly mission to the Russian when the boy in buttons summoned them Embassy—curious, yet not very. Tho mo to him. And what a surprise problem was how to squeeze into a was in store for mo! mere five minutes the expression of “Are you better, Mr. Paiincefoto?” only a tithe of the feelings those ho asked, standing up nnd facing me, sweet grey eyes had stirred and for- | with a radiant smile. I thanked him
and a
to remind me of my folly.
T managed it indifferently well |	“Ah,” said he, “you may call it
when the next Friday came around, that!- But, between ourselves, noth-The chief might go hang for once; I i ing could have worked better. The was determined not to disappoint 1 risk was horrible, Pauncofote; but I myself. And I made the jarvey un- | relied on your susceptibility to the dcrstnnd that he was to make up for charms of a woman’s face. Great those five minutes at my expense. j Heavens!ho drew his hand slowly sin- was glorious this time.	11 across his brow—"supposing you had
rulers in mors civilized countries, to | knew nothing about tho arts of a [taken it to the Embassy without do-
secure internal peace
The ultimate result, however, need notX.e so bad as the Gazette imng-When tho British Army re a peace footing, nnd the
ires
to
Verts
older officers, who cannot assimilate tli? new learning, have retired, there
will piobably he enough young men supply the needs of tho army;
who have never known
to
young men the old traditions of the army, to wh m the requirement of professional know led e seems only natural
IN ONE NIGHT
The “Bradford” went out oil that night of January 5th, 1881, to tho wrecked ''Indian Chief.” Fish, tho boat's coxswain, still-maintains that no night ever surpassed that for fearful storm and freezing winds during his long experience. For twenty-six hours the “Bradford” continued.
She wns out hours and hours ere Fish could find the wreck through the mist, sleot, and blinding seas that broke over tho boat. But at length he saw her, and tho eleven survivors were safely got on board tho lifeboat, but only after terrible and repeated efforts. So changed was the whole crow with tho cold and struggle that even their friends failed t» recognize tho members as they walked up tho pier on their landing again.
Next to the Ramsgate lifeboatu probably the most famous ones are the G or lest on and St. Anne’s life* boats. Edgar Woods, the coxswain of tho life-boat "Mark Lane,” of Charleston, could tell many tales of fights with the waves. l’t was Woods who stood at tho end of the pier during tho tremendous gale of October 18th, 1801, when signals of distress were flying from a vessel far out at sea. No tug was near to take out the lifeboat, and even old sailors decided that it was simply
doorstep.
Yes, and so was his look; nnd
and proper; young scr - cd as officers of Imperial volunteer forces in South Africa, to whom
of historic
the expensive customs régiments arc unknown, vxith whom plain living has become a habit; and wl'h these men the younger Mood of
England and her colonics will come to the front in the British Army.
cannot stand the
?ho older non chan ed conditions that will be ne-coa ary, but tho younger mon can for to them tho conditions will not be changed, and the final result will bo fer tho benefit of the British
TOO MUCH BOOKISHNESS. While adults might, and did, profit from books, Prof. Robertson held war that children would bo far better off
after a peaceful settlement
I two
A liny,
HaLlbullah Khan, Ameer of Af-
an inquiry to him was countries had been very near Mum's the word, old man— with each other. Franco, it will tic for the present!"
I missed tho evening paper
ê I
,	without- them. The present arrange-
remembered, had sent Major Mrtr- mont9 of a school, with its children Out	chnnd to occupy Fafihoda,	in the	jn	cwn	ranks, itfl	lack of	physical
at Loughton, where 1 lived, one did	territories claimed by Great-	Britain	motion,	its silence,	and its	attempt
not trouble much about luxuries in	as belonging to Egypt- For	n long	to	mtlkc	character by hearing instead
those days. The shock of tho morn-	time she refused to withdraw, and
came to
the more force—in fact, it smote me harder In one sense than that poor rascal's iron-knuckled blow of the previous day.
I read the column in the train. It
ghanistan, has no use for railways, tel g.. aj>ha, education by missionaries or European trade such is h 6 i i en icon to his assembled vossnls, nil of them lose enlightened than himself.G From an Afghanistan-fer-, he-Afghans point of view he may to quite right, lie has probably observed v hat the introduction of these mo cm ideas nnd instruments wrong t in the dominions of neigh -fcorit g potentates north and south of tho mountain fastnesses where his
As n rule, Mo-most conserva
of by doing, wus, in his view, entire-after patiently waiting tor a long jy and utterly opposed to tho proper time. Lord Salisbury definitely 10- metliod.
quested tho 1'ranch Government to How books tended to destroy the at once do so.	power of thought, and of initiative, i
When the British Ambassador	con-	was strikingly illustrated, Mr. Robyeyed this message to !• ranee,	lie	prison thought, by a census taken by
liad an ultimatum in his pocket. rJliOj a prominent educationalist in the
story goes that, finding tho lreach j United states of a class of 90 boys madness to think ot trying to Foreign Minister unwilling to con- jn a higher manual training school, sent, lie moved Ins hand towards hisj^hg time spent by those pupils at tho breast pocket, liio Minister knew ordinary schools varied from two to what that meant, and said ; 'Tiny |eiovon years, and in every class tho don t. Nobody who .mows k ranee boys who exhibited the greatest ol>-.
could doubt lier reply. Had	our	servation and constructive power, in	1 llCn,	,bo qa,( ,, <iuiel Y:
Ambassador pulled out that fatal	a word# lho brightest pupUs, were	Lane s	,	e	K . Iâl
document, war would have been ine- lho boys who httd been the shortest lfc was a f<*rful battle with the vitable. It wns stayed off by the tiln0 at school. In his own case, the raKin6' but Wof)(,s and hiB com* ultimate consent of France to with- lecturer said that tho problems of i Priions won, and the four men on draw Marchand nnd his men. Surely life wcro mor’0 like those mct with in | the wrecked “Ada” were brought
no man ever put his hand to his angling, or in handling a runaway safely to shore. The “Mark Lane," pocket with deeper significance than tonm tl'an ftnv he had ever found in too, was out in the boiling seas for did Sir Edmund Munson on that kuC1 i(1.	nineteen hours, with tho Caistcr life-
occasion. That motion wns Jchn	HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE.	boat “Beauchamp,” to rescue tho
Bull’s fist-shaldng, as done in diplo- burning to what was being done to shipwrecked crew of tho "Soudan,” macy'	give Canadian children a chance to of Liverpool, which the two boats
get in touch with nature and na- **&***£ Mend'd efforts __________________
to tho ordinary lure's methods, Mr. Robertson said ril° Uaistcr life-boat is extiemcly
that in a year and a half they had j [am<Jaa- ^|ost famous of its men are got 7,800 children to work in the! ]bc Hay lefts, who never km-w fear of manual training classes—a thing t,ic sea* Grandfathers, fathers, and which was said to bo impossible fi*émisons downwards, they aro a set when the work was begun, and 700 01 Zeroes of whom Norfolk is proud, teachers were taking short courses The sea had its revenge upon them in the subject. A beginning had iu this disaster to the “Beauchamp.''
On tho 17th of December, 1880, the
you.”
“Can't I hope to see where
HELP THE DOOMED SHIP.
Ho
Not so tho gallant, coxswain stood and regarded the almost certain death before him nnd his men.
The Mark

throne is perch.d. hamme-'ans aie the live persons in tho world look upon railways nnd telegraphs a<i inventions of the evil one Hum to be aUc to read tho Koran is
t tr
slowly replied; “Every
They
For
education enough, and European trade Is simply a system of lying
would be a
hand, Mr. | sight worth going all round the
^^tÊÊÊffÊÊ	Twice,	the
chief had baffled a plot of Strom-
Thoy
cheating
and
that to preserve their innocence they must hold fast to their national eus
and to maintain their inde-
toms,
pendtnee they must resent the disintegrating influ n o of foreign innova-The tribes owning allegiance
RUSSIA GETS ANNOYED
It will bo understood, therefore, | Language which
man savours merely ns mild reproof such ns ho would address, perhaps towards a child or a pupil, has more The chief had arrived and we had ! than once formed the prelude to war.
Such a case is that of Russia and Turkey, prior to the outbreak of the war of 1854, which ultimately became the Crimean war. Russia had for a long tiino been demanding from Turkey certain privileges in the Ottoman Empire. Turkey had consistently refused them, with the support of England.
At last. Russia became annoyed, nnd tho following aro the words in which she diplomatically shook her fist : “Would the Ottoman Minister for Foreign Affairs bo good enough to let him have a reply by the following Tuesday ? If not, he could not but consider longer delay in any other light than ns a want of respect towards his Government which would impose upon him the most painful duty.” Turkey, of course, refused, nnd war broke out almost immediately, followed by tho participation in it of England nnd France, and known ns tho Crimean war.
When England joined issue with Russia, tho position wns conveyed in Tlthe following mild language, which 1 followed a statement of her demands. “The Russian Government would bear in mind the dangers to which the peace of Europe would 1 exposed by a refusal.” Such language in diplomacy has only one meaning, end when addressed by one government to another Is nothing less than a shaking of tho fist. Russia notified that she could not reply to the ultimatum, and' w-n? broke
lions
to lho Ameer are of various remote
reporter's account of it
though racially there is lit
Tho tri-
ongm
tic difference bet we n them
bal system, which has-always prevailed with them, makes proud, exclusive, suspicious.
i'"cn made in regard to school gardons, and in a year nml a half they Ht. Anne's life-boat and the South-would have 50 of these gardens, and port life-boat vtcre lost, with nearly lastly, there was a new school of al1 of their crews, whilst out in the household science and nature study awful gale of the previous night, try-about to bo erected at Ouelpli, and iaff to rescue the survivors of tile to bo ready for 100 students next “Mexico.”
October. In ten years Canadians Lancashire won immortal glory would sec half the time of the pupils that day, and Britons blessed the given to manual training.	courage of Lan cash iromen who, even
Incidentally, he took a fling at the after this dread disaster,
YET CAME FORWARD
They
tho most difficult people in the
III c
Id to approach with suggestions of change from ancestral habits. The j tilizcd in me Ameer's assurance to tho assembled
wo
•It
II
chi fti that he would guard against
nggre sit.n and prevent tho
fcrJgn
introduction of railways, telegiaphs. missionary education and ^u’vpfnn trade was a declaration of policy which fce had to make, likj other
modern society woman and th. modern soldier. lie said much harm had been done by the patronizing of schools of domestic science by persons who wanted them to turn out trained servants. Ho had no sympathy with the idol of smart society that was being set up In Canada, a movement characterized by a great, regard for the forms of life nnd by a lack of power to do anything useful. Such a tendency, considered, a sign of weakness. The training wns not intended to make servants, but to make better women, to make home-makers, and one ultimate object of life, he held, was to	u
make good homes, in which people ly2scX°? livc® ,	.	.
might live good lives.	®ob1 is a town of heroes, whoso
As to the sense of responsibility ft°ne® are hound which modern schools failed to in- Jbe “M-^ry Somerville, its w’	-
culcate, Prof. Robertson said that, known life-boat. And there is ™'11 “
while hi; wtw a thorough Briton, he	ils two celebrated boa to.
1 When the sen is rough the rocky
const of Yorkshire, from Sal (burn to bo-1 Bridlington, gets it, if anywhere does and the North Sea is n place to be feared on such occasions, yet the
Whitby life-boats, the “Lady. Leigh." of Scarborough, the two boats of Flamborough 9 Head, nnd the Huit-of burn lifeboutmon are ever ready to go out in tho roughest gads.
)
nnd offered to go out again to j,lio noble work of rescue. Tho St. Anne’s and Southport life-boatsx had long been famous. Tiffs great night set tho seal upon their fume. * w* The Aldeburgh boat has made the . little Suffolk watering-place celebrated in the annals of life-saving work.
It. lias done valiant deeds, the “Aide-
Rut its finest performance
• ] woman’s-r-much less a perfumer’s— ! lay, before Pemberton could get .1 toilet-table; nnd I cared not nt all, ¦ there! The Ambassador would have
when I saw her, how much she owed j opened it, nnd---- Well, you have
to these same arts. She was nt. the read about the extinction of poor counter when I entered, and she | Stromsky?” turned to me with that smile of auld lang syne which is n beautiful woman's finest
Tics of loyal
Amcor arc very loose Fear of foicign is t inIr strongest i ond of
lienee this futile league
ty to the
among the tribes
vg n ssi on unity.
against the light which surrounds
"Certainly, sir," I replied faintly “Very	he g
compliment to n I bags were duplicates to tho exact There was pressure in her ounce—locks and keys and nil
9 9
he
was in March, 1808, when its crew was engaged in consecutive service of one kind or other for over a hundred hours, and ftVed from other boats, no less than Ihir-
The
t i
lh.mt
man
hand ns well as mine. It was nil 11 had to take the risk could do to keep from greeting her as “Celestinc” there and then.
"f am glad to see you,” she said.
“But perl M# I d in yog from im-j suppose I was ignorant of ir sur-¦¦	I render to that young siren? Bless me,
Five minutes cannot signify,’’ I where should I be if 1 let such bare-said. “Tell me, you are none tho ; faced indiscretions escape mo? Well, worse?”	I 1 have nothing move to say to you,
The assistant nt the counter called | except this—let it lie a lesson to you for a liveried servant, and, like a ! That will do. Mr. Pauncefoto.” sensible fellow, suggested the private waiting-room. _
“May I?" I said, offering my arm.
She took it with a bewitching smile.
with help
+ -
“I’m afraid, sir. 1 don't understand! “ I gasped.	.	L
“No?
NEW USE FOR TIIE TELEPHONE,.
A Baltimore court lias decided that sh affidavit taken by a telephone is valid. In this case a man of Cincinnati had made oath to a paper in Baltimore over the long-distance telephone, being identified by his voice, which was well-known to the attesting Judge*
•It
I 9
said he. “Do you really
portant business?”
11
could not but admire tho sense of responsibility in the Doer soldier. There was no playing of cards ' I hind rocks while the engagement was on in some other quarter, ond no playing of football on the battlefield when their company was not in action. This was a quality wo were nearly losing by tho prevalence booktahnes* in school».
out
Then something did flash to me. “Do you think, sir," T cried, “that she was in league with Stromsky? “No, I don’t think,” lie said; “I And ii you have a tender They were the happiest minutes I I conscience, Mr. Pauuocfote, put halm had ever spent. She was more of n I on it, for it was due to you that the child than I had thought, her the poor fellow and his colleagues met
BEACONSFJHLD'S JR AIV.
The Franco-0 ermnn war broke out as a result of a few short words by His Majesty Wiliiuti L to the French Ambassador. The falter had been pressing the King to permanently withdraw tlie candidature of a
# 9
Old gentleman, to little girl who is weeping bitterly —“Why, what arc you crying about, little girl ?” Little OirWOh, I don't know. 'Cause I'm a womea, l s'ptuoA
know

###PAGE###3###


. heeded little the passionate love he • had (or her, but she thought much •I of hie future If ho were so skillful i and clever, If the secrets of deep seas known to him, mid ho_coul<l
them, it was poieible
and
i
I The Fatal Dower
$
were
trade upon
that in time he might bo rich
her heart's desire. It was people spoke strangely of
i
e
give her
true some him, and hinted at huge cargoes run
in at the dead of night, and prophesied that Ralph Ashton s money would never do him any good. Hut Rita heeded that as little ns did the fierce, passionate lovo had mastered him and brought him
a slave to her feet.
Not one word did she ever say to her mother or Daisy relative to this | lover, with his dark, hand-face and musical voice
e
©
o
OR
*
©
O
G

THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
W'S-n '•.--À A.
K

O


she
lÉSÈÉf
s
that

srê
PRECEDING ^having to give up the child she loved
She never spokA
OF
SYNSPSIS	I ,	-	¦.
CHAPTERS .—Margaret Howard, on dearly am her own the evo at departure to Join her ho- to little Daisy of the sad young uo-cretly married husband, leave» her man who had brought her to I i*e|>-child with Busan Hivers.	dale. She never named the brave
soldier-father far away under the hot
Daisy, who never forth© nurse
THE HAVEN OF CONTENT; A BLOCKHOUSE
WITH A WATER SUPPLY.
A COMPLETE TIN BLOCKHOUSE, WITH BARBED
WIRE
Tho blockhouses now In use In South Africa for protecting the railways arc constructed simply from sheets of galvanized iron, placed four inches apart, with the intervening spaces filled in with gravel They are generally octagonal in shape, with two loopholes upon each face But some are hexagonal; in fact, tho original Idea has been ho experimented upon that they are found in a great variety of shapes. The general principle, however, is the same, and when filled in with gravel they ore found to be bullet-proof shelter», though not secure against shell or pompom fire. .________________________________
strange
She
me
felt instinctively that Daisy not like him, and she had once heard her own mother speak of him ns
i. Sho met him, she liked him, but because sho
Would
Indian skies
J	got the word, called 11 ,
on the following day the postman ?.mamma .. and wn8 brought up as
V brought. * little packet to Hose- ono of Kusnn Rivera’ own children ' mary Cottage Mra_ Hivers opened M l|mMJ #h# Mk#d her will was this H. uni cried out with delight at the fii|en(,0 wiw and one ,ook ut pretty picture it contained Uni. y a cll||d's happy face convinced her It portrait” was written on It :	ecnt W(if) fi0 why disturb the sweet,
by her mother, June Kith, lb—, huppv content by «peaking of hopes The pictuia of a sweetly pretty it- Q|i(j droama that might never be retie face, with blue eyes and a beautl- ft||ml ? Dalsy wasMmppy, loving ful head running over with golden Mnj R|vere aH hl!r mother, and the
curls. Thoro was a long letter con- brnuti(ul vivacious Rita as her1 sis-talning many directions, one of
—which was that tho gulden curls - ^ Daisy grew—all unconscious of should not bo cut, but siiould be al- hcr QWn Htory> They lived in the Ralph Ashton wan to be pitied. ITo lowed to grow.	little cottage at Decpdalo until might ‘ have occasionally aided
¦¦¦¦¦I
sail in the Ocean Queen, no one n LynnCf struck by her ladylike de-	 er	the	milk the faster it will go management of a farm, a good in-	 *?-
the world knew to u 1	‘ ? men nor, modest manners, and quick MAN GROWING STRONGER. through the machine, and the great- come and comfortable living could be gjIE KNEW WIT AT HE WAS DO
confided her little daugi c	P intelligence, offered her a situation	  er	the	proportion delivered as cream, obtained. Tho successful farmer of	iNG.
Mrs: Markham, a widow, who n b ^ junior teacher in her school. In Prof. Krause Says Human Race is , f course .	jthe	future must needs be an cducat-
servant in her house Airs. Mark- q q( fialary shc was to receive	Not Degenerating.	'	, Q(VFR THE TEST 'cd.one._ The future farmer will flnd[	¦
mm
WmMMBBtm
the coast so skillful or so trust-1 "Little Corporal^ worthy as he. He told strange stories of foreign countries that he had. An Englj8h farmer reckons to get visited ; of gold easily earned and I tQn ^heat-straw to 60 bushels lavishly spent ; of wealth that he I, in
might accumulate if he only cared to ^ ^ ^ |q bcrc(Uty> Mrg.
Then Rita looked at Sim. Rich—he Simpson ?" "Indeed I do. Every
a.si r’x’ssrtffss hw?c sr *snww.
mkI gtiiuctimca by the er^bore. She I back to me. -
CHAPTER II.-(Continued)
an
not be-
ad venturer
cause
liked the flattery of his love.
And when ho, loving her with
promise at first, but she did not rc	A Th	1 ü	¥4C	to	stale, nauseous flavor results.	All	no fretting or running about
fuse. She wanted time to consider,	?	Ht	J\p	h /V t\	X\	H	j\ \	•	that is necessary is to cool	tho	will save you many a dollar	om	a
pnd as the monotonous weeks passed	J	1	Vâ\	1	IaAV1	Lsj	crçRm before mixing with	older	bunch of fat steers.
on and nothing happened, she began E--------------------------—--------f cream, and keep the cream cold un- Don't neglect to give your anfr
to think that marrying Ralph Ash-	a	1	til delivered at the creamery.	Then	mais your personal attention.	There
tho wisest thing she could |	&	t	good butter can be made.	are some things you can trust	to	the
Hints tor the busy iim-r# .	_____ hired man or the boys, but the feed
of the boil.	J	lot or fattening pen is not on# oi
* THE FARMER OF THE FUTURE them
all
tho
This
ter
ton was
do
*11	f.# x.•••'•K'+'-V
HINTS FOR DAIRYMEN
to
css
AWAKENING AN INTEREST
Tho following story is told of a Lit-
She is tho daughter
as


' CHAFTER III.
One lovely evening, toward the end of August, a young girl walked slowly down the long stretch of yellow sand. Far out in tho distance lay the broad blue sea
THE LAWYER'S METHODS
In tho
cal capacity of the recruits
;
Only twelve men in 100 have dark eyes, as compared with twenty wcx mm.
the
i 1
throne
; p O NC HITIS—A Serious Disease.
\
A DOLL ARMY
Develops Into Bronchial Pneumonia
An interesting gift has been added
Chronlo JSSÏÏ,* JSKhX ff.hS. .r o.n.„mp«on.
ssr	ly *• ff;‘
ShTlr	w	“•“» ’1M ‘r““Mr
immmm
Edmaseon, Bates 4 Ce » Toron te»
Becomes
In
the
From over came no anxious word from an anxious father. Months became years, and the silence was still unbroken. She could not write to Daisy s father, for she knew nothing of his name or address. At length Mrs. Rivers felt sure that one of the two things had happened. Either the marriage had not been a legal one, and the captain neither wished nor Intended to claim his child, or he Was dead, and no one else knew 01
Its existence.
When two years had passed away, the good widow gave up all thoughts
¦ or of her
if hearing frtm any o?e.

###PAGE###4###
10*. * > 5


L '







SMART & SMITH
More Light on
MASSEY-HARRIS
THE EQUITY.
Cheap
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, JAN. 30, 1902.
The Sub set.

o • *
(9fyC<d
Sale !
One thousand hotel mon waited on the Ontario Premier last Friday to protest against the adoption of a prohibitory liquor law.
The game commissioner of the provin e of Ontario, in his report says that season 5,000 deer licenses were i*»ued, and gives it as his opinion that 10.000 doer were slaughtered during the
Mr. Denis Murphy, of Ottawa, has been nominated by the Irish Catholic Conservatives of the Capital to contest the City for the Legislature at the next sleet ion.
The St. Lawrence Ward ( Montreal ) Liberals have pissed a resolution asking Sir. Wilfred Laurier to appoint Mr. Robert ltickerdtke. M. P. member of the Cabinet in place of the late Hon. R R.
Dobell.
Premier Roblin announced in the Manitoba House that the Canadien North en has reduced its carrying price on wheat from 14 to 12 cents per hund-cd from Brandon and all intermodule
points.
The Dutch Prime Minister and the President of the Dutch South African Committee have decided to abandon am impncliotioable the scheme to transport Boer women and children from the concentration camps to Holland.
Referring to the election of Mr. W. G. Power as Government standard bearer in Quebec West, rendered vacant by the Hon. Mr. Dobell, L'Evonement warns French Canadians to sign no requisitions for the present, as it is intended to hold a convention of Fronch Canidians to select a French Canadian candidate. The constituency has always been conceded to be an Irish one, but at present the French vote predominates.
Hon. Smith Curtis, M. L A. for the li<'island district, and former minister of mines in Brit sh Columbia, in a recent interview with a reporter sa d tj have a British Columbian appointed minister of mariroand fisheries, and the r will be a feeling of great disappointment over failure to get th s The countiy westof Lake Superior, on which the future vreal'h and population of Canada so much depends, should instead of having but one minis1 er be given three to look after its growing demands
The Celebrated
New Williams
Sewing Machines.
The season of short days and long nights is present with us. At such a time the question of a good artificial light is a very important
one.
I have decided to go out of
the Grocery Business and l am going to soil everything In the Grocery line at
COST and some articles a little under.
Give us » call and you will he convinced that this is a genuine sale.
# #
e #
a* won.
# a
—o—o 0
Note these Prices :
75 cent pails of Jam (Plum, Peach, Raspberry) for 60 cents.
Surprise and Gilt Edge Soap at 4 cts.
% pounds Soda Biscuits at Dl cts.
Tea Roho Syrup, 4 cts. per lb.
Can Tomatoes. Corn and Pease at 8c.
—0 0 o—

i
We have the Finest Burning Oils on the
market. Prices Hight !
9
4
o
eZtMHEAD
Every article will be sold
AT COST.
V
Give our Coal Oil a trial.
Once used, always used.
J. G. McGUIRE
:o:
Intending Buyers should see the fine
display of these Machines
now in stock at
MACFARLANE BROS.
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
- A N D-
O
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION %YS.
SMART & SMITH’S.
A NEWLY RE-BUILT N|ILL
Winter Time Card.
CLARENDON ROLLER N|ILLS.
O. N. & W. RAILWAY.
Train No. 1 leaved Ottawa, Ont., t.tô, V.M.
“	“ arrives Gracefleld, Q. 8.20, P.M.
Train No. 2 leaves G racerteM, Q., 0.20, A.M “	4* arrives Ottawa. Ont.. 9.15, A.M
1901
1901
The Best Flour and the Largest Returns for your wheat is Our Ambition.
We desire to have you and our Flour meet. There is a basis for a firm friendship between us after you ; ; and the Flour have argued it over. : :
OR
P. V. J. RAILWAY.
Train No. I leaves Ottawa «.	*4 arrives Waltham,
Train No. 2 leaves Waltham "	“ arrives Ottawa,
5.15, P. M. 8.35, P.M. 7.00 A.M. 10.15 A.M.
ORE MOST URNITURE.
P. W. RESSEMAN
Cen. Pass- Agent-
;
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and youll prove it.
We have a Large Stock of Everything in our Line.
Highest Price paid for Hard Milling Wheat.
JAMBS WILSON.
“ We In pod
BAlLffAY
e #
# #
i
riment of
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT.
OTTAWA k MONTREAL.
PBIWONAI. ATTENTION.
L'HAmiBB MODHRATR.
8 A Tl S F ACTION OVA RANT MSI).
TEKMi ItKASONAOl.K.
THE FAVORITE
Ottawa Journal : In the budget the Ontario Government claimed credit for a 'surplus' of revenue over expenditure last year of $427.209.
Examination of the financial statement shows that during the same year the public liabilities of Ontario increased by $615,342 over and beyond what the assests increased.
Thus on the year's total oDerations, including ‘capital account/ there was a net deficit, of $228,132.
The Ontario Government has caught vigorously t*> the Dominion Government sotierne of showing surpluses which in-ore me debt.
SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
On and after October 13th. 1001, and until farther notice, train services will be as follow! :
GOOD STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
EASTERN DIVISION.
Traîna leave OTTAWA. Central Depot.
8.80 A.M. Dally, for Rockland, Hawks-bury, Yalleyfieid. Montreal. Quebec. St.John. Halifax and all points on I. C. R Arrives Montreal 11.45 a. m., slope at all Intermediate C. A. R. stations ; bas parlor car Ottawa to Montreal.
*10 P. M. Dally except Sunday, for Rockland. Hawkesbnry. Montreal. Quebec and all points east, arrives montres! 7. US p. m. Stops at alt 1 atermedlate C A R. stations. Connects at Coteau Jet. with Grand Trunk Ry, for all points west. Has parlor car, Ottawa to Montreal
4.10 P M. Dally except Sunday, for New York, Boston, all points In New England Valleytield nud stations sontn of the St. Lawrence river Has through sleeping car Ottawa to New York via Rutland R. R
Trains arrive Ottawa, Central Depot. 11.45 A. M. Dal’y except Sunday and 7.25 p, m Daily.	,
Middle and Western Divisions.
HE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
T
Hash is King.
A BIO STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
WAINMAH’S.
Beginning with the New Year f bare decided to conduct my bunt-mcc on a new back, by selling for
FACTORY
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which wo have a variety in stock.
(Formerly McCredie & l|odgins)
Is again built up
Paying the War Tax.
CASH AND FARM PRODUCE ONLY.
tlR. jtALFOVR RSBVK1S TH* NATION ÀLIS1S WHO AIK IF THE COLONIES ARB TO HELP
PAY WAR COSTS
By this method I expect to be enabled to dispose of goods at the smallest possible margin of profit bo myself and a corresponding advantage to those who favor me with their esteemed patronage. :
and
ready for business.
London, Jan 22.—Mr Balfour a spirited rebuke of the Nationalists in the Commons for the imputation on the loyalty < f I Arnprior. Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke, Canada and Australia was warmly sp-	SUdawaeka, Parry Sound and intermediate
taken to induce the colonioa to paya	8 26 A. M. Hxpreaa for Pembroke	Parry
share of the cost of the war.	wound and Intermediate et .lions.
Mr. Balfour evoked loud mineaterial 100 P. M. Mixed for Madawaska and In-
and Libera’ Imperil iata cheera by his ^J4o?1K<lIM. Express for Pembroke. Mad-grateful acknowledgment of the conmbu- | awaskaand Intermediate station?, tion the colonie, hud already irolunUnly	Tr*.n..arrlv^ OUjwr, Da^.xe.nt^ua-
mad4 in men and money, and aatd the im	juUroadlaud Steamship tickets foi	sale to
putation in questions was uncalled for, | all points, and expressed in quite unneceasiriy eff entire language.
W. Redmond asked what the colonisa had paid.
The Speaker ruled him out of order.
Redmond, who’s wife is an Australian, shouted : 41 Why not aik Australia to pay as well as Ireland ?
Cries of “Order ! ”
The incident illustrates the solidarity of the miniateralista and Liberals in appreciation of the part Cmada and Australia played in the war.
On theotherband Chamberlain criticised the Liberal press for insisting that the colonies should have no say in the South African sett’ement.
o
being fully equipped with
UP TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: GOOD WORK DONE. ‘ ::	::
A full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
With many thanks for past favors I wish all my customers the complimenta of the season, and trust the year 1902 may be to them one of prosperity and happiness.
Agateware, Tinware Etc.
G. E. WAIRMAN, SHAWVILLE.
• •
• •
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept hand and Custom Work done ae usual.
F. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
Silas Young,
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Russell Honse Block
on
THE MARKETS.
Public Notice.
COR. ELGIN AND SPARKS ST8.
Starke’s
Corners.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 08 to 72c. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to $3.00. Oats per bushel, 40 to 45c.
Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat. 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 00 to I5c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Ducks, per lb. 6 to 7 cents. Chickens, per lb. 5 to 6 cents. * Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cents.
Pork per 100 lbs.. $7.00 to $7.50. Beef, per 100 lbs., $3.73 to $1.00. Wool, per pound, 14 to 10c.
Pelts, each, 40 to 50c.
Hides, $5.50 to $5.75.
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
OTTAWA
Public Notice is hereby given that Thomas Burns, hot-el keeper at Chapeau Village. et. al., in their qualities of presumptive heirs of William Burns, Caroline Bums and Liza Bums, children of the late Bernard Bums, heretofore and in his lifetime farmer of the Township of Chichester, County of Pontiac, absent from the Province of Quebec, will present to the Superior Court for the District of Pontiac, a demand to be put in provisional possession of the property of the said William. Caroline and Liza Burns, children of the said late Bernard Burns, at the opening of the Court on the 22nd day of February next, at the Court House at
The figures of the voting in West York show that Mr. Campbell's election was due to Conservative voter’s failure to go to the poll*. This is bad, but it ia more easily remedied than if the delinquents had turned out to vote for the enemy. The lazy man can be aroused.
HUBERT G. HODCINS.
Here it is I |SHAWNv'wES The Place
SASH and DOOR
Pulp Mills for Manitoba.
Winnipeg, Jan 23. -Charles Chamberlain announces that he has completed arrangements with New York capitalists to atari immeditaely the carrying out of the great enterprise of erecting gigantic pulp paper mi l , an i developing waterpower to the extent of 100,000 hoiee-wer on the Winnipeg River, 86 mile* Winnipeg. The mille, Mr. Chamberlain eay*. are to be in operation within two years, and the intention ia declared of transmitting power to Winnipeg next fall.
FACTORY.
An Immense Project
WILL EMPLOY 7,000 MSN—HOW IT WILL ASPECT OTHER TOWN8.
Montreal, Jan. 23 —It ia definitely announced today that the Canadian Pa cific railway will 5uild immense car, locomotive works in the east end of the cry. Tn these woiks every car, locomotive and piece of rol ing stock which the company will use in future will be built Seven thousand men will be given employment, and it is expected to be one of the biggest or shops in America. A great deal of the property necessary for the works has already been acquired and as scon as the remainder has been purchased work will bo ataittdon the building*.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in | In connection with my former buai
Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
B
Xu*persons having claims against the said William. Caroline and Liza Burns, children of the said late Bernard Burns, required to present them before the Court on or before the presentation of the said petition for provisional possession.
Dated at Chapeau the fourth day of January, one thousand nine hundred and two.
are
[ have just placed In position's

new
set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of

D. LEG (TERRIER.
Notary for the Petitioners.
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
Public Notice.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
pills. 18 to 19c. per lb.
Eggs, fresh, 30c. per ooz.
Potatoes, 90c. per bag.
Lamb, 6 to 8c. per lb.
Mutton, 1 to6c. per lb.
Beef, 4 to 7c. per lb.	k
Pork. $7.50 to $8.90 per 100. Chickens, 45 to G0c. a pair. Oats, 49 to 50c. per bushel, llay, $6.00 to $0.00 per ton. Wool. 12 to 14c. per lb.
Too Vigorous and Eloquent.
If Justice Curran had not charged the jury so vigorously and eloquently with gesture and voice during the Lacroix trial, the verdict in that cade might have been different. That is an allegation which Is contained in the petition which Mr. A Lacroix, of Montreal, brother to the now famous prisoner death ward in the Hull jail, is sending to the minister of justice bearing numerous names and asking for c cumulation of the aentencd pronounced by Judge Curran against Lacroix, or that a new trial be granted. Mr. Devlin, lawyer, is circulating the petition and a great number of every station in life has promised to s gn it.
4*
Public Notice is hereby that the Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon will receive tenders for the building of a Brick School House at Radford (School No. 7) up to ono of the clock, p. m., of Saturday the 1st day of February, 11102.
Plan and specification of said building can bo seen at the Sec.-Treasurer# office at Shaw ville. All material for the building to be supplied by the contractor save and only the stone tor the foundation, which will lie left on the ground.
I$y °rHerkf ATHESON, ¦ ¦
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
Thanking my many customer# for their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future increase In business.
L>nd n January 21.—The World smya Alfonso XU!, will be crowned King of Spain at Madrid on May 17th on hi* sixteenth birthpay. The Prince of Wales will represent K ng Edward VII. The Prince Cur sort will present on behalf of II >llaod, Prince Adalbert of Prussia for Germany, the Grand Duke Alexis for Russia, the Archduke Frederick and Archducess Isabella for Austria, and the Duke and Duchess of Aosta for Laly.
King Alfonso will visit the courts of Europe in 1903.
of the
DALE BROS.,
Shawville.
Sec -Treas.
Shawville, Jan.ll, 1902.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
proprietor.
Mr. Henry Campbell Bannerman, the British Liberal leader, declares that ths party is still committed to home rule.
British columns pursuing Botha and DeWet in the Tranvaal, have discovered a number of new auriferous ranges.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.

###PAGE###5###











THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
THE EQUITY, 1
Court Shawville,
Nojns.
Meets tbo 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid f promptly every month.
Visit log brethren cordially Invited.
H. H. BAimrrr.F.B

Comity Pontiac's Largest Ware-Rooms.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Looel Interests.
PUBLISH BD aVBRT THURSDAY
AT BHAWVILLB, Co. PONTIAC, QUK.
SUBSCRIPTION—$ 1.00 A fCAH IN AOVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, moles# by special arrangement with the publisher.


Great January
Clearing Sale.
m
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Ms.

J. A. Cowan, R.8.
Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind the general public that
John Bevrktt, C. R.,
jo:
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for first insertion and four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inerted at #4 00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate ,if live cents per line for first Insertion and ntiree cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or tor longer periods Inserted at low rates, whlah will be given on application.
Advertisements received without lost rue t ons accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry th odntaper line.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
J0I|N SMITH, Proprietor.
s
WE HAVE THE N|0$T UP-TO-DATE FARM MACHINERY ON THE MARKET
Cutting. Slashing and Banging among Prices. Up-to-date Goods cut right in two.
a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
The apot for-
ad
A KAflmoNABLi Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A C lie an Shat*.
tV Your Turn neit
ree
CEO. HYNES,
Note.—Pole can be arranged
for two, three or four horses, instantly without removing
pole. Made in nine different sizes from 16 to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side hills and turning at end of furrow.
JOB PRINTING.
4 All kind# of Job Printing neatly and naeapiyexeeuled. Orders by mall promptly attended Vo.
I \<s^>
Having decided to reduce our Winter Stock we will offer big reductions in such lines as
Clothing, Boots and Shoes,
Mitts, IV|occasins and Rubbers, Ladies’ Jackets in sizes from 34 to 42. Men’s Uijderwear.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
8HAWVILLB, - - QUE.
JOHN A COWAN
Publisher.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaugMoq, B \, M.D.,C.M.
A large, wcll-eclected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
GRADUATE Of MrOlf.L UNrVERSITT,
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. If Knox. Shawvilie. w ,	.
Office hours -Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
A. SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M„
Our Fur Sales for the Season have eclipsed anything heretofore, but we find a few odd lines left. Who will be first to receive a genuine bargain ?
F. T. M. C.
Omdnate of Trtutty University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
0» nc* awn Raaiuavce : J. U AaNsraowo's Hocee MAIN bTRKBT - • SIIAWViLLl.
CHOICE STOCK OF
Christmas and Holiday Goods
A
. District and Country.


Henry Brenner, of Linwood, committed suicide by hanging.
Thr,c more nurses hare been appoint ed to go to South Africa, makir g eigh' in all.
J. D. M.Intosb, ex M P.P , for Miniton, Man., is d.ai after six weeks illness. He was 52 years old.
John Snetsinger, of Cornwall, dropped dead last Wtdncsday, aged 82. He war one of the r id ast roiiden «.
Alexander Campbell, a firmer near Holland, Man., has found two gold nuggets in the sands of Cypress river.
Major Duncan Slowait. London, Ont., was married at Cape Town, his bride being Miss May Fraser of the same city.
A Japanese carpenter has baan murdered by a hostile Indian tribe at Matlakahla, Brtith Columbia
LEGAL.
JANUARY SALE OF BLANKETS,
(SOFT, FLEECY ONES.)
BOORBEAÜ RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
A T
ADVOCATE . . BItYSON,
This Sale should interest You.
. J.F.GRONAU’S, LADYSMITH.
WM. GAMBLE,
fio risk in buying here All Goods marked in Plain Figures.
BARRISTER, &o.,
Hoorn 86, Trust Building, No. 46 Spark»
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At ShawvllU, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Amoe-ever O- F. Hodgln.* more. Main 8t.
Books, Toys, Jewellery,
Candies and Confectionery,
Fresh Groceries, Dried Fruits,
Raisins, Currants, $pices; Essences,
See our Stock before making your Xmas purchases. You will find the goods up-to date and prices right. .
J. F. GEONATJ ..
G.F.HODGINS
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
advocate» barrister* fcC i
OP TEH PROVINCE OP QUEBEC,
-ru,t	8M, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1384.
Attende court# of Ottawa and Pont Iso
OtotrUrt*.
Assistant Cuy engineer Crarston, tf Ottawa, died ou Friday morning after a six day's illness from pleuru-pneomonia. Deceased was a eon cf Dr, Cranston of Arnprtor.
A man named Myles Travari was killed in » dynsmity exploeaion while working in the Bell street ( Ottawa ) merer exes ration on Friday. John Tait, another workman, warn pre‘ty bad y shaken op.
The Ottawa City Council has adopted a resolution proposed by Aid. Pepper (labor representative) in favor of abolishing the property qualification for aldermen.
HONG KEE,
A paper published in the German language, is to be issued in Arnprior shortly. It will be printed in the News office.	-	t
Ontario received last year from the tax inheritances about $325,000 and certainly those who had or owned the money did not miss It.
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L,
ADVOCATE, 4ms.,
LAW CHAMBERS } HULL.^QUR-'
-srrespondento.
.. LADYSMITH.
CHINESE LAUNDRY,
on
Next door to Mias A. McRae's,
OSBPH RODGERS’
Main Street, - Shawville-
J
Mme. Jean B aie, wife of the Se gaeur of St. Charles, Bellechasse, who had been quite blind fir the last e’ghtssc has iocovered her eve s ght as th of an operation in Quebec, though she is
86 years of age.
Laundry work of all kind» done in first-olaes style.
n years, e result
<T
.ip
Horses for Sale.
W. W. IRELAND,
The congregation cf Christ Church Cathedral in Montreal want Prof. F. J. Steen, former/ of the Montreal Theolo gical College, as assistant rector of the cathedral.


M/M t v*
r'4*4 -
Jos. Bottineau, who is charged with attempted nom der of his wife at Garden River near Bruce mines on New Yeai a night is still at large, and said to be on
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
%%%%%, aa.ar®ir&i %
fafiorUy.
SHAWVILLE	9UE-
Genuine Pocket Knives
The undersigned has tor sale three Horses—two general use and one heavy draft.	JERRY SHEA,
Calumet Island, Que
The funds collecte! years ago to found Sugar Island, a scholarship at McGill University in honor of the late Alex. Mackenxie, amounting to $9.000, has been paid over to Principal Peterson.
j Cast Steel to the backcone, 3| inch handle. Price 25 cents ; postage 5 cents.
Of 25,736 deaths in Ontario last year,
2,280 were from tubtreokais. No other disease numbered nearly so msny victim,.
The due,,, well deierves the name of “ pltgue " that has been given to it.
Mr. J. B. Pense, is the Liberal candidate in Kingston in the bye-election for the Ontario Legislature. The nomination tike, plica on Jan. 30th, and it i, *» » I he will probably be elected byacollmation.
Mr. Pense is the editor and proprietor of the Kingston Whig.	An as»,sin attempted the life of King boy, at Kippewa. There are now two pit-
Calasooi* Mines.—These mines, con-1 George of Greece last week. He was soners in Biyton J»» on this charge,
Sœ= ..................................- Sa -s3î
ÆÏ SfiTfiCStCSi £	~ .tK
Montreal. Sev.ral of the prominent the cs«e Only chickenpox.	eulortd wool, the old man buret into
members of the Ottawa hockey club exe- GrAn|,y j,„ 27,—Fire did damage to tears, elating that the boy had got the cutive and supportera are '“«rested in ^	of ,eTerll ,houiand, of dollars wool from his mother In the autumn, to
the scheme. The building will cost shout gund corning, when it totally destroy- make some fancy corner, for shelves in •20,000.	|ed the horse collar factory. The blase the hut, eo thet it m ght not look too
mm#####
H»., j,m,« y»-, - r	"‘,™ ‘nd
was overtaken by a runnaway team ana Lsea-iiime, the building, which was of A rather peculiar incident occurred in thrown through the plate glass wmao * burned. The engine house and connection with the arrest of Henri by of Carsley’a «ore, raoeiving several cu a eiloke||tack are tho m \f , hinga left stand- Detective Crowe. Bailiff Camille Le-and bruiêes and a|bad shaking op. nr.	Tho came of the fire is unknown. t0Ur, of Bale des Pores, who arrested
S. Csrsley, Jr., was a so srr.ouily cu The greatest loss is on the machinery I Gutchar brought him to Pembroke and about the head. ~	jn th6 peifacting of some of which for j while they were taking dinner in ti e ho
HeC‘or Gaudtt, a member of the tho manufacture of hie patent horse-1 tel there Gutcher took up a cup and read Board of Examiners of the Bar Associ- collars, Mr. Gillean has spent several | u, stating that the real murderer of lna ation of Quebec, has resigned hie post- years. There was $22,500 insurance on j e0n would be arrested by a fair, stout lion ss the result of the accusation of the factory and its corn vote, but this only ; young man. The description tal les with two students that he assisted iw » other ,*rually cuvera the loss.	I Defective Crowo who make the arrest
students to pies, which was admitted a	---- later. The detective bad pretty tough
a meeting of the board.	Jules Henri Charged With experience taking down Henri, and he
Mr. John McSwcyn, lo’icitor of Lind-	Murder.	{dra^nd* through The woods! and the
,h4t thH eti’1	-- 1 arrest was a clever bit of work.
Henri, who was a sailor, has according to him own story, been over a great part of the world. He came from Wilroiog-Detective W. J. Crowe, of Montreal, ton, Del., to New York, from there arrived in Ottawa from Bryson, Que., to Montreal, and from that place to Ot-
Hog for Service.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
MONET TO LOAN OX BAST TMtM ’ BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
Pure bred English Berkrhire Hog for | Write for Catalogue of other sizes.
set vice. Fee—one dollar.
GEORGE McCORD.
McDOUGALL 56 CUZNER,
= Hardware Merchants, ¦ ¦
The Montreal, Otawa and Georgian Bay Canal Company will apply next session for a two years’ exeneion of the time in which to begin work on the canal, and for an extension of time for tta completion to May let, 1908
Charted».
Sussex St. Ottawa.
It coat Toronto six thousand dollars to [. clear the streets after Wednesday'a snowstorm.
:izSold by All Newsdealers
A butcher’s lad found a $20 gold piece in the etomaeh of a ateer killed in Chatham on Monday, and sold it to Robert Hallinan for a cant. B th the farmer who owned the ateer and the lad’s father now after the coin.
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
SHIP
k<»*J.W.PEPP
f) i a n o
?
!M5
74
arc
Grosbeaks have been seen in numbers in Woodstock, which is said to preatge a bard winter. The birds are much like robins, but usually live further north, and are probably driven north by scarcity of food.
Grace Craig, a ninteen year-old girl employed at Cardinal, became melancholy over the separation :rom her bus band by the interference of a relative, and swallowed a bottle of carbolic acid.— The doctors, with great difficulty saved
her life.
The Woodqtock, Thames Valley, and Instefsoll Electric Railway in its first six months’ operation earned a five per ceqt. dividend on the bonds and 2 1 2 per cent, on the $100,000 preferred stock atill leaving a substantial balance as a
ïPaijcuirzv
*
HOTELS.
Furnishes Monthly to all lovers of Son* cn<t Music a vast volume of New, Choice Copyright Compositions by the most popular Authors. 64 Pages of Plano Music, half Vocal, half Instrumental—si Complete Pisces for Plano—Once a Month for a$ Cents. Yearly Subscription, Sa.00. I (you will send us the name and address of Five performers on the Piano or Organ you a copy of the Magazine Free.
J. W. PEPPER, Publisher, ™ Eighth a Locust SU., Philadelphia, Pa.
St. Lawrence Hall,
¦«
Mrs C M. McLean,
, we will send
Mr. Samuel Henderson of Burrford
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
taws, where he hired with Mr. Che vrier of St. Patrick strest to work in the wood» for the*Dar!iog Lumber Company of Kippewa.
I
PLEADED MOT GUILTY.
The preliminary hearing of the charge against Henri was made yesterday before W. Rimer, J. P , of Bryson. Prisoner pleaded not guilty.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
aid
; JEWELLER
ift	aaaps
A SELECT STOCK Of WATCHES,
;:p CLOCKS,
2Uft] JEWELLERY, BN SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
reserve.
In the pocket of a coat belonging to Mr W. Young, which Patrick Farrell 1* charged in Montreal with stealing were promissory notes amounting to „f 1,800. These he burned to avoid detection.
Premier Roblin and fifteen members of tho Manitoba Legislature have gone on a trip of inspection over t ha Canadian Northern to ascertain whether the road is in a proper condition for regular passenger trafhe.	I
asFsae gSiE“l=
1%2ZRNNNNNNÊ0NNNNNNÊN NBBBBNNNNNBB
A Brave Elevator Boy.
Chicago, Jan. 23 —The Li Strain Hotel, a seven story apartment hotel, was practically destroyed by fire. Sixty women and children were in the building when flames were discovered. About hall of them were on the top floor at luncheon, and they were thrown into a panic. Otta Bela the elevator boy, however, succeeded in making several tripe through ths smoke and flames and carried all of them to safety. The last person out of the building was s paralytic, whom the elevator boy carried to his car, and later into the street.
RerAiBiKO—
A Hpkoulitt;
SBAWTILLE, 0
j HIRED WITH CHEVRIER WHEN ARRESTED
BY DETECTIVE CROWE.
###PAGE###6###
T"

âdvice te eeehelere -FalHnr to fr** theelrl tou want, yen may a* weU bf weeded H
CONVEYING LIGHT 11Y G LAMS
RODS.
1H MERRY OLD ENGLAND
Sozodont
almost a miracle.



A
i
T’rofeff'or Decker of the Glasgow
a simple
( b ri \	*iy has devised
¦¦¦ ingi iiiniis plan h r conveying light to gradual d circle» at the I oint where they arc to bo read with the aid of an attach* d microscope It is deal ruble not to bring the source of Hu ht near tno circles, on account of the heat, and jo l rof. r vc cr sends the light through a solid glass rod, letting it shine in at 01 e end, anil emerge at the other. The light cannot escape from sides of the rod owing to Internal re action, and accordingly it is carried and delivered very much like water In a tut e. Even when bent the glass rod does not lose

NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOHN BULL AND HIS PEOPLE.
and
WROUGHT IN THE CASE OF A CHARLOTTETOWN LADY.
Good for Bad Teeth
That
the Land
Occurrences in
Reigns Supreme in the Commercial World.
»
Not Bad for Good Teeth

>t
Her Doctor Said She Was in Con-
and Held Out No



sum] on Hope vf Recovery—To-day bbe is Well, Strong and Active.
L
¦till
Sir Henry Cnmpbfll-llnmtormnn wishes Hours to bo as free am tho
Scotch.	>
About 313 men compose the crow of the White Star liner Celtic while at sea.
It is said that out of every 100 lives insured in England only live arc women.
. The late Sir tieorge War render, Hart., left personal estate valued at £847,646.
Mr. James Kemp Stnrley, the Inventor of the safety bicycle, died at Coventry recently.
The Union Jack has unfolded itself


23c
Sozodont ¦
Sozodont Tooth Powder 25c Urge l iquid end Powder 75c
HALL & nUCKEL, Montreal
25c


L

m


Charlottetown
from tho Islander,
1\ E. I
tho
he had at «ni grocer*. Lead Packet*
LLYitr TEA I- ran't rrfiifo you, imd
Statistics published from time to time show the number of deaths occurring throughout this country from consumption to bo as grout us the number caused by all other prewnt-iblc diseases combined. It is no ¦ I* # that the medical
has at lust awakened to
$2.25
CASH will buy a box of SWEET SONORA ORANGES, er 0 you take 5 boxes we will make the price $2.10 per bos,
fRliw XOco or 8I60 #	r
THE DAWSON COMMISSION CO., Limited, TORONTO.
Consignments of Poultry, Butter, Eggs, Potatoes, Beans, Iloney, Apples solicited.
w p c ilia14
NEED FOR CALMNESS
its
A lady, who is subject to heart |(hft disease, took tea Utst Sunday with o neighbor, and while sitting at table her husband rushed in without n hat and in his shirt-sleeves.
ho exclaimed
don't
Ko
wonder, therefore
fraternity the fact that the most urgent means inust be taken to prevent its blither spread, and to teach the public that while the disease is readily communicated from one person to another, it
inherited, though
It is
SERMONS BY TELEPHONE.
Successful experiments were made with the electrophone at Tunbridge
__________	Wells. England, recently. Ten trails-
"Good gracious !" cried the wife ;	B6£5$8ll QSjjiFjB @ milters were placed
the children-"	j	, Church, ar.d connected with tiio Cor-
"They’ro «11 right. Now, Mnry, I n_vi-- T-_ i. *ue finest punition teloplu.no system, people ut London, on	account of im-1 don’t get excited ; keep culm	and	j	*+ J	Edinburgh,	Glasgow,	Manchester,
cool, It can't bo helped now, we must	% gg the WO rid produces, Chelmsford,	Wcybrldge,	and	London
have [bear these visitations of Providence |	_ ,______, being enabled to hear tho sermon
and Is sold only in lead preaC),cd. packets.
Your mother's sate. Get on y<>m-I Black, Mixed and Green.
things, but don’t hurry or worry	'
It's too late to be of any use, but | icon tea drinkers by “SalauA Green les.
I’ll fly back and sec what I can do.
1 only came to toil you not to get
excited. ' '
Westminster Abbey	will be closed	“Kor merry's sake," implored	the	j	letters a head
cured many cases for	four	months prior	to the corona-	n|m0st fainting woman, "tell mo	the	her had grown	to	55
xvhen taken In its lion of the King for the purpose of worst i”	j	...	. -
earlv stares Proof of this is given necessary structural alterations in, “We’l. if you will have it, the con-in the case of Mrs. Abram Henry, of	the	interior for	the	ceremony.	sequences be on	your own head,
Charlottetown. V E.L To a report-	a	London church	in financial	difit-	Mary. I’ve tried to preparo you,
:;EraEE E	SSkiï SS I	aar
SSrSwa	“ |£;^
to do me any good, and two >curs	u|ation, which provided for com-	TEETHING BABIES.	,	'	Toss—"Pella Mode wants mo to
ugo my condition became so mm i pU]snrv retirement nt sixty-live	- I	curb A coLi> IX o\K IMT.	try her dressmaker. 1 wonder if
worse that 1 was obliged t o a u « years of age, shall take effect on a Trying Time for Mothers When rake Laxative Bn>mo Quinine Tablets Al Bhe'd suit me." Jess—"Oh, yes, In..
ami that I was going into con. uu i	. mineral wealth England	.	• i i I	' wonder. Why, she can make the
1 could not sit up for live	&	IHr ,xcrn-	Almost invariably	the little one mif-
inimites; my lungs pained me; 1	Leeds has a	teetotal workhouse.	fvrs inucj1 pain, is	cross, restless day
coughed severely, lost almost all de- The cost of intoxicants in the insti- ftnd ^ight, requiring so much care sire for food, and when I did eat 1 tut ion is under a farthing per head tluit the mother is worn out looking found it difficult to retain food on per annum, brandy being the only oftcr jte But there are other real my stomach. I fell away in weight stimulant used, and that solely for dangers frequently accompanying from 148 pounds to 1U0 pounds, and the infirmary patients.	this period that threaten baby's life
1 do not think any of my friends ex- The Americanizing of Trathird itself. Among these ore diarrhoea, pectcd to see me got better. Hut purk estate, Manchester, is proceed- indigestion, colic, constipation and some of them urged me to try Dr. jng About 1,000 houses have been convulsions. he prudent mother Williams’ Pink Pills, and 1 decided erected there, and are being tenanted will anticipate and pre\ent those to do so. 1 began by taking one foy artisans, who arc employed at troubles by keeping baby s stomach pill a day, for my stomach was very works which are being opened there, and bowels in u natural and health.> weak, but 1 was soon able to in- Houies for 92.OOO persons In Lon- condition by the use of «aby s Own crqiso this to three pills a day. And (| the total cost of which will Table!* a a"=dic,ncrcadly taK«' ^
¦¦¦
young woman might have fallen on n()t seera to bother her any more. An
the hatpin or have thrust it into her- improvement in baby’s condition was
self. It was also possible that the notiCCab!c almost at once, and I
had been swallowed. An open think there is no better medicine for
teething babies
A strange spectacle Is presented at ]cts can be procured from druggists
Lincolnshire, or will bo sent postpaid at 25 cents
Wil-
liu t'excita
"Be calm ! ricdly, to his wife yourself, you know you can’t stand over two acres of new territory every excitement, and it might be worse !" time the clock has ticked since 1880
THE MOST POPULAR DSNTtPRIOS.
in St. James
Ik not necessarily the tendency to it may be therefore, of tht? utmost importance that people with weak lungs should take the greatest care of themselves to prevent consumption obtaining a hold upon them. Pure out-of-door air. lots of sunshine, wholesome food and a good tonic medicine to keep the blood rich, red and pure, will cn-
rcsist the inroads of As a blood-forming medicine the equal
¦pink Pills
freely and fairly used weakest const i
o
Rev. Ur. Donald Macleod has demit toil tho charge of St. Columba's church
o
paired health.
Pensions of £8.500 a year	„
been granted to Sir John Rigby and I with philosophy.
Then it's mother 1
Preserves the tea • h. Sweeten# t he breath. • rengthéne the gum»
gasped the
Sir John Pay. judges who have just retired from the bench.
wife
Deafness Cannot oe Cured
CHAPPED HANDS.
"! wish 1 was voting enough to go to the front." snid the Duke of Cambridge in the course of a speech at Hendon at the opening of u new drill hall.
by local apt ltcalionft, a* they cannot, reach the diseased ponton of tho ear Th« re iaonly ono way t cum deafness, and that ia by constitutional rvmedleK. De fn ne I- cau* d by an in flamed condt Ion of he muooue lining of the Kusiachian Tute. When <hli tube la inflamed you have a rumbling «mnnd ur Imper feet hearing, and when U t* ont ni y coned deafness lathe result, and unite» - lie Inflam nation can be tak n « ut and ihU ubureau red In m* normal oondtti n, hearing fill w de
nine ittMMS out of ten are
shin anyone I ne disease
t
Rub with Cileadlne before retiring. Two or three application# will cure the worst case.
Large Hoxee 25o Druggists, or CILEADINE CO., Toronto.
there is no of Dr. Williams'
pills Wild hill strengthen tl tutiou, and have of consumption
ton
These
In I860 English people received 20
In IH'.i'd this num-
Brass Bad
Minsrd's Liniment fielievas Heura'gia
Ftrryo i f rotor . c u<rdb o tarrh. which id nothin* hula.. Inflamed condition of the inueou* Mir are .
We will give One llundied Polar- for any | roar of Pt«afne*i (caused by cat rrh) i hat can n t bo o -red oy liall'd Catarrh Cure, fee* d ,0rdrcUl„r,fr,jeciiKNKy&(;aiToMOi0
I
Ins rumentt, Drums, Uniforms tto.
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A OAND
Lowest price# ever ouotod. Fl e oaUlogiit 500llliidtrai| ma. ni ill tl fr« o. Write ut for aaÿ thing in tl unie nr tl «ileal InMruttirnl*.
h ci
t
Sold by Druggists 7Av.
Hail'd Kami y Pill- aro the beet.
Wfl/LEI ROÏGE 6 00., Limited,
Toronto, Ont., anti Winnipeg, Man
HARPET DYEINQ
en<i o eanwg. Th 11 le • specialty wllh the
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEINO 00.
Baud parvtculaia by po t ami wo are sure i o salUff • Address Bo* tSI, Montreal.
dominion Una Steamships
Momiesl to Liverpool Boitoo to Liver-pn.il Portlsnd to Liverpool VI» Quttas-
Larue anil Kut 8tsaui*bi|» Superior eocommodâlle» for *11 oLw-e ul ra T»gor* »‘loons and titateroomi ire koudahip* Bpocial alien U-m has be. o liven to mg |r, Cnl SaIoob aud Third Clam# sceoiu modal ton. F0|
e aud all peril oui art. apply to aajr ageat
D Torrane» à Ça.
Montre»/ wd PovtisnA
mv
1
Minard's Liniment Cures Burns, etc
ful
i
weaker
1
During the siege of Paris 64 balloons left the city, carrying 3,000,000 letters, weighing in all 9 tons.
TAKE NOTICE
We publish simple, straight testimonials, not press agent's interviews, from well known .people.
From all over America they testify to the merits of MINARD’S LINIMENT, the best of Household Remedies.
rstve of paa ag •I in* C-uupai
Btofcsrds.MiUsAOa,
77 slat* 8w, Boston.
For Over Sixty Veers
Mr*. Worst our • Sooth t no Hvf-ur hue be*a u»ed by million* of mut ht r* for ihe r children whiin lee hing. ii soothe* the child, toft, n th
gmii.i. ai uy* pain. cure, wind colic. regulates tho *iom eh and I towels, and is the bot re-nedy for Uiunhwa. Twenty five ctnti a bottle Bold If druggikU Uiruughout the world, tie rure and ssk fur " Mh*. Winslow b.-utoTuiNO Bin nr."
The cement made from English river mud, and sold abroad, brings in over £55,000,000 sterling a year.
\vOOJ)(d>HOIO [Slfcl! V IM,
# I I losi Mv. tv
¦Jos u/v\ m Oft- i lhix’<k io
C. C. RICHARDS & CO
k. -
150 Kinds for 20c.
It is a fact that Salzer'e regrtaMe and flower
___ seeds are found In more gardens ^
^ and on more farms then any other T In Aniorlc*. There is reason for this. «I We own and operate over Itoo «kits for * the production of our choice seed». In m order to Inducts you to try Uiem r tve make ti e following unpreo-edeotad otter i
For to Cents Postpaid
•e khrth *t rami luacl IS MgaldMot ssrllMt IS * 1i glerteee SS pssrlen lelteee tarteUee,
11 aptcniM beet serfs,
a day
Minard’s Liniment Cures Dandruff,
There is a house in Lombard Street which rented at £25 in 1665, and now rents at £2,600.
of miraculous rapid that ins id
1001b of wheat produce 8211) of flour, and 1001b of barley 781b of malt.
/ i

Alopt the Congli and warlis off the Old.
Loxn'lve Bromo-Quinina Tablets cure a cold In ono day. ho ^uro. No Kay. Price 85 cents.

t
mciuas,
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
There are 65 county borough councils and 52 county councils in England and Wales.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL-COMrORTINQ.
COCOA
InaUllO kinds positively furnishing bushels of chinning flowers and lota and lots of choice vegetablrs, t tether with oor great catalogue! UÜtng ell sheet Teoeir te and Fee \ Oat and Prom as and 6i*4u, oulou
nient
taking I>r. Williams' Pink Tills, and ho said ‘nil right, continue them; they won’t hurt you nnywa.v I continued taking them until I had used seventeen boxes, with the result that 1 never felt better than I do now—not even in my girlhood days. It is more than a year since I stopped taking the pills, and you can see for yourself what they did for me
weight has increased to 137 pounds. J am not anxious for publicity, but when I think of what the pills did for me, I believe I ought to sacrifice
feelings.for the benefit of sufferer.”
Minafd'sllnimant for saleeverywbere
------4----—
seed at 60c. a pound, etc., all for 20c. In Canadian stamps.
\ JOHN A. SALZER SEED CO. J	Li Crosse. Wit
Well
London has 1.800 acres of parks Dublin. 1.7f>0.
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
piece ¦¦¦¦¦
verdict was returned
llaby’e Own Tab-
where over fifty acres of soil arc a box, by addressing the Dr burning. It is globe land, with a hams' Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont. large seam of peat running through A GUARANTEE—”1 hereby certi-it, " varying from two to ten feet fy that I have made a careful chemi-thick and the heaviest rain has fail- cal analysis of Baby’s Own 1 ablets, ed to check the lire. An attempt which 1 personally purchased in a to quench it was made by digging drug store in Montreal. My analysis trenches around the subterranean fire has proved that the Tablets contain and filling them with water, but the absolutely no opiate or narcotic fire crossed the trenches, and in so- that they can be given with perfect vcral places has burned gates and safety to tho youngest infant ï that fences. Since sufficient water cannot they are a safe and efficient medicine be procured to flood it, tho author!- for the troubles they arc indicated
it must be left to to relieve and cure
l (Signed),
MILTON L. HBBSEY, M A Sc., Provincial Analyst for Quebec Montreal, Dec. 23, 1901.
M
M
W





I may say, too. that my


Send us your name and address on the below request, and we will take pleasure in sending you free of any charge this SOLID ARIZONA SILVER SUGAR SHELL. You don't have to buy anything. The gift is unconditional. It is a bid for your everlasting friendship and good will, and if you do not read this advertisement through and answer it at once, it will be a loss to yourself and a disappointment to us.
my owr
some other poor I)r. Williams' Pink Tills have produced such remarkable cures ns the above, because they arc wholly unlike ordinary medicines, which only set upon the symptoms. These pills go direct to tho root of the trouble, making new, rich blood, and giving ncrcascd strength with every dose. In this way they cure consumption n its early stages, also such diseases as paralysis, rheumatism. St. Vitus' dance, heart trouble, neuralgia, dyspepsia, chronic erysipelas, ind nil the functional troubles that makes the lives of so many women miserable
=(,•1(1 only in boxes bearing the full name "Dr. Williams Talc People them at your dealers, they will be sent postpaid at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50. by addressing the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
tics anticipate burn	out.
A deserter from the Hussars made for liberty through the of London the other day,
his death in tho
Thames. On being placed by his escort in a four-wheeled cab at Waterloo station he sprang out by the op- know _
posite door and rushed along York i Cousin Nell— I in sure she likes road with the escort in pursuit. He you. Why don’t you ask her ?” kept ahead right along York road, j Tom-''I was going to last night,
and turned into tho Westminster but she called me n lobster, and-----------
Bridge road. Here he found that his i Cousin Nell—'You’re a goose, pursuers were gaining on him. and that's what you are. Dont you increasing his pace, he dashed up the know she s passionately fond of road ns far as Westminster bridge, lobsters. She meant to say you Then mounting the parapet, he leap- were nice enough to cat
and was carried	"	+

I
a dash
which ended in
SHF, MEANT TO ENCOURAGE
u

BKBafi
tt
Tom—"Oh, she'll never have me, I
This Sugar 5Hell le an
ABSOLUTE GIFT
to every Ledy enewe ing tHie advertisement
The genuine pills are
With the Sugar Shell wc will send you 6 packages of Standard Electine Reme&t, which we wish you to sell, if you can, at 25 cents each. Then return our money, and we will give you absolutely free a Butter Knife and Pickle Fork, same pattern as your Sugar Shell, and also a Set of 6 Full-Size Solid Arizona Silver Teaspoons. If you fail to sell our Medicines, return them to us and retain the Sugar Shell as a gift, it being free in any event. Our Solid Arizona Silver Premiums are fast superseding Sterling Silver for Tableware. They always look as well, and wear better ; they are the same beautiful metal all the way through and arc guaranteed for 50 years. There is nothing else like them except Sterling Silver, and nothing "just as good. Now, please don't throw this paper down and say to yourself, " I'll write to those Electine people to-morrow. This is not an opportunity to put off and forget, Just sign and return the attached request to-day, that is all you have to do The Sugar Shell and Medicines will then be promptly mailed, postpaid. Remember, even if you fail to sell our Goods, you at least have an Elegant Sugar Shell, worth 75 cents, for simply making the effort.
Sincerely yours,
ELECTINE MEDICINE CO., Limited, TORONTO, Ontario
Pink Tills for If you do not find
ed into the river away by the tide find di owned
NEW YORK CENTRAL AND HUDSON RIVER. K. R.
— Kîïr. S S~S'S
ninth " “Oh well, then, there’s all Press, the fastest regular long dis-
-i- ”7..rrsJ?	s»
the principal cities in New York State and the New England States. Through bleeping and parlor cars on all through trains. See that your tickets road by the New York Central.

SIXTY BANANAS AT A MEAL.
To eat sixty bananas at a meal, b< ides other food, may fairly be described as s large order, even for a medium-sized giant
of the meal becomes appal ling when we learn that it is con turned by a dwarf.
:ommon QccurrcnçcBÜ^HHHH Ire pi mies who live on the confines if the Congo Free State; they arc lomudic and arc, for small people, nighty hunters. It is not surprising lo find that the result of this meal to to make the consumer lie and jroan during tho greater part of the light, but the lesson is not taken to heart, and the act of gluttony is repeated day after day. The banana to about the easiest thing to cultivate that one can imagine. All that required out in that far-off State, grow the fruit, is to lop the )hoots off a fully-developed tree and iet them They take root at once, And in eight months they bear A plentiful supply of bananas. When the season ip ever the tree dies and .he young tfhoots develop for fruit j. When founding a new «ta-Europeans make it their first to establish a banana orchard
invaluable as fot*L
but the exten
II v
Yet fills is a These dwçtrfa
ances	-	-	„
to control himself at all.
REQUEST FOR SUGAR SHELL AND MEDICINES. Electine Medicine Co., Limited, Toronto, Ont.
Ship Immediately, by mall, / Solid Aritont Stiver Suça? Shell and• Sx 25-ceot Packages of Electing Remedies. I agree to make an earnest effort to $<11 Ihr Medicines, and return you the money, with the understanding that I am to ”cewe lor this service a Gutter Knife and Pickle Fork, same pattern as Super Shell, and also Six Full-Site Solid Aritont Stiver Tetspoons. If I fail to sell the Medic in#, I will return it to you within 30 day#, and retain the Super SheU ass gift from you.
A small landed proprietor was lok-
his daughter and
ing a drive with his intended son-in-law for the pur-of showing tho latter round
pose
the estate. The coachman drove at a smart
John," whispered A bar of Swedish iron tlmt would don't drive bear a weight of 100 pounds, won d
so bear 202 pounds when converted into
best steel.
pace
his master in his car so fast small.”
the estate will look
NAME..«.MM
•HNHMtlNtiMI
7;SmJG5T Soap
( Write Name Plainly, "Mra." or ",Mlaa"
6
n
#
ooao#
ADDRESS
IEDUCES !	|
EXPENSE |
One ounce ofSunlight Soap Is worth more’than Two ounces of impure soap.
PLEASE WRITE VSNY "VERY" PLAINLY
IS
Bearing
and a trial
ion
l


###PAGE###7###
AN HODR WITH UNCLE SAM I
IB MERRY OLE ENGLAND
BRITAIN’S SHIPPING TRADE
OPINION OF CANADA.
?
mounds of strawberries with the syrup drained off over the top.
Chicken Jolly—Cut a dressed chicken in small pieces, and cook it very slowly In Just enough water to cover It, until it will fall from the bones. Thon take it up and boil the liquor to a cupful. Homovo all the bones, and pick the meat to pieces. Season with pepper and salt, add a little butter in small bits, mix with the gravy, and turn into a well-hutterod mold
fcctly firm table.
Coffee Custard -Break an egg into 1 cup freshly ground coffee and mix well. Put It into a coffee pot with 1 pt boiling water, lot it stand ten minutes, then drain off Into a saucepan. Add t pt cream and give it one boil. Have ready 4 well-beaten eggs and 1 large cup sugar, turn tho coffee and cream boiling hot on tho eggs, and cook in a double boiler until smooth and thick.
|FOR
Mr. Gerald BaMour Speaks of Its Marvellous Growth.
HOME i
THE
A Frenchman's Impressions of
This Country
HOW THE BUSY YANKEE SPENDS THE DAY.
NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT UOHW BULL AND HIS PEOPLK.
v„, „ . .	.	, „	. Mr. Gerald Balfour, President of
¦¦
,h„
Again, the * Quelques arpents de advance there had been, with the neige" gave mo a false tdepression substitution of steam 01 s.i - b of size, my ideas being moulded by «bips, a very great <1,munition u i
what appears to mo now restricted l°fiB (,f l'10 at sea.	_
boundaries of European countries, Dealing with the q,l( ’1()n ° UI~ and I could not grasp tho vast ex- cign competition, ho said that i<-tont uf	transference of British vessels to lor-
cign flags had naturally occasioned a great deal of comment within the last few years. During the past
year there had been so transferred steamer, as an old gentleman, who vessels of tho gross tonnage of not
was coming out to visit Ms son in jeSj| than 600,000, but it was to bo London Ont. told mo that !¦« had relliembered that during the same written from London, England, tell- r
Ing them to meat him »,ith tlie üritifih register 1,200,000 tons gross, buggy at Montreal » Journey Which ^ BignlUcant fuct being that W per I learned atterwajde occupied .keen	", t|)C lattur wns ncw tonnage,
—V*r “i ™ ““S
§iEIIi
%.t:	t.,
northward where the	boundless for- Intimately connected with the life of	"Household Words," the weekly par
est met tho everlasting snows, but the nation. If the British lost their	per founded and for some time cdltr
„ the brilliant sunshine and the	mercantile marine, it would mean no- cd by Charles Dickens.
.	.	.	Sinco	Alaska	became	tho property	mit n «nrmi	u i«ng thing less than the destruction of the	Arrangements are being mate to
nourishing, this fresh butter,	it is of tjie United States the value of	the	,	"	'	, , British Empire. That Empire was	ccIcbrato the centenary of the Bible
_	.	.	r	« _ . a	lQ now asserted has no equal in build- product of her fisheries has boon over	Iia(f chased the snow king from	essentially an Empire of tho sea; it society in 1904.	An attempt is to
Scallop, d Rnbm n	Creamed potatoes ing up the wasted tissues of the $70,000,000, of her furs $34,000,-	*W»t. As the days passed 1 began	rostod upon two great supports, the be made t0 raise	a fund of 250.000
Ile Je* Koi®	body, and as a stimulant very hot, QOO, and tho yield of her gold mines	to appreciate tho vast extent,	the	naVV in the firat instance, and the	gujncag to extend	the society's work
tiilver C£U 0 ^esh milkxia without a rival,	out- approximately $40.080,000.	unbounded natural productions	tho	mercantile marine in the second,	throughout the world.
“IBB E*!*# BE fiF1-
Chicken Jelly Olives Tickles medics can bo taken without a doc- Tho. 1 reasury Department Agent at ot industry. About forty-six erpool imving only a penny, and feel- Mr. Joseph Brooks, a cattle dealer, Brown bread and butter sandwiches tor's prescription, and is outside of	Washington says in his annual re-	per cent, of the entire Canadian	ing very thirsty, was wondering how	of Coxlcy, near	Wells, Somerset, was
Waits fruit cake	the "kill or cure''" warrant.	poit that tl,e Kpccial nKenls J,av0	population make their living directly	he would get a drink. After a in in-	ordered by tho	Clerkenwcll magls-
Colco oustard with whipped cream	_ made 128 seizures, valued at $18,- from the products of tho soil/ On ute’s reflection he entered a public Irate to pay a fine of £100 and £10
Tea Cocoa	HOME HINTS.	823, for violations of tho Customs, that account all questions which in- house with the intent of asking for 10s. costs for sending beef for sole
and have caused tho recovery on ac- fluenco the prosperity of agriculture a pennyworth of beer. Just as he at Smith field that was unfit for hu-Ifnts and mice cun be driven ft way count of attempted irregularities of	aro 0f great interest to the Cana-	went in a man called for a pint of nan consumption.
b-: putt‘ng i>ota9b int« tlw,r 08 \'r about $450,000.	dian people. The soli of Canada is	beer and, having got it, was about The memorial to Prince Christian
wnero they arc likely to go. 1ho air Tho city of Haddam, Kansas, cn- fertile and easily worked, being at ; drinking it when the Irishman stc*i>- Victoria is to take the form of rcgl-wjl make it soit and sticky,	find joye tho distinction of being the only	the same time beautifully supplied	pcd ovcr to him and said:—	mental cottage
they dislike it very much.	city in the world that has a gov-	with plant food and well suited	fori	••j h bct you a [>cnny, sir, that I’d	soldiers. Already	over £7,000	has
Uimphoi gum placed in close pcs-	Aliment composed wholly of women,	the growth of cereals, fodder plants	put that beer into my stomach with-	been raised for	the scheme, which
ses uni drawers will keep mice uv ay,	Th(jy wcre elected by largo major!-	and other important farm crops.	out letting it down my throat."	displays that	kindly thought of
as lno	odor is very disagreeable to ticg, and are said to bo giving a	Canada is also favored as	far as ,,Ajj ,ight." said the other, pro- others which is so characteristic of
thTem:	... , ... highly satisfactory administration,	climate	is concerned. It is	wonder- ducing bjg penny Princess Christian.
Almond Cream Cake-Make a layer L^ j hours. Rc„cat tho operation ™ "ho »over	a hat. in win- vantagofl ns far »9 "1*:ltudc ‘9 Con house, would last in good condition coronation, and this would certainly
cake after any p.eferrcd recipe, for ff	t trla, |g not euccessful. tor or summer, dropped dead while corned, ^po ‘s said ha>® Mfor many years. '1 his sideboard, make one of tho most remarkablo
“• “-jsrisrsr^i w1	ta	esta-s jai-tsta
BPvon " coTnTtarch. ° When smooth j	A ‘paste'ean be°made which PMUdclphTn^ ^ n “tity^^f0 L3UO,OQO ^^i^est^atld^t 300 Pfeet ^ °an" cLbat\hto Very'gLat str^ upon with orders.
fnd thick, put in * lb blanched and I JH r(?movo them entirely. To make population, aro $29,000,000 ; of aüa ‘ c 1	‘	*	' . included a the furniture in time of warfare the Lord Kinncar, who has Just celc-
fhoi ped almonds. Place between the thjg c usc hnlf an ounce Gf white Chicago, a city of 1,700,000, $22,-	.	, t , n0o miles jn most skilful workmanship is required, brated his birthday, is a Scotsman
layer cake, ice with plain frosting, Lj,c floftp bnely shaved, two ounc- 500,000 ; of Boston, a city of 500,- n	oaq to 400 miles in iand tho sideboard, instead oi $50. and a lawyer. He wns educated at
and ornament with blanched almonds I of carth gecur0<1 at the druggist’s, 000, $27,850,000 ; of Pittsburg, a ^ . oxt^ndlne west to the would cost about $500 to be in any Glasgow and Edinburgh University.
pretty dish if cut Into «unes am Great care should be taken in wash- directs nearly 75.000 postofliecs, to the use of tho Hudson Bay Com- individual is also watching for the In tho “Parish Magazine for ttit-dalntlly piled, log-cabin lasnion, on . ]ng dclicatcly tinted shirtwaists or musters an army of 200,000 cm- pany ]iy ll)0 confederation of the sftmo chance. Tliat business man ton Church, Norwich, the list of a flat glass disli	.	. summer gowns, to prevent fading, ployccs, spends this year $105.000,- provinces and the acquisition of the best protects his own interest and baptisms strikingly demonstrates tho
To make the peach cake, draini uw Alum used in tho rinsing water will 000, and counts receipts of nearly jIutlson uay Company’s territory, who most carefully watciics out for rage for giving patriotic names to syrup from rich preserved pro. 1 •• prevent green from fading A hand- the same amount. It handled last jjle area of Canada lias been im- t.ho interests of others will most children
about a cupful, chop fine, add t | ful 0f Bait thrown into the rinsing year 0,214,447,000 pieces of mail mcnse)y enlarged, and the Dominion sureiv win in the end. If he is nnx- well seems to be the most popular, tablespoons cream and * cup ®hfPp““ | water, should bo used to sot blue, matter, of which 2,825,707.000 were	now contains about	ious to secure for his customers the one girl being christened K.llzaboth
walnuts or almonds. Place between j 0x-gall good ,0 uso for gray and letters, so that every minute con-	3 500 000 SQUARE	MILES.	best values and present thorn in the Powell Matching, whilst four boys
layer cake and frost with pink icm„ | br0tvil	n.ay water, made by pour- Mes 12,000 new messages to its	’	, .. .	most attractive manner and to con- have received ns part of their pat-
Coconnut Custard-To 1 lb grated , boiling water over hay. is excel- hands. It manufactured and (le-	C/In'Li tinns of the	coun- vince tlie greatest number of people ronymic Iladcn. In one instance Gen-
eocoamit allow 1 qt scalding milk I ,ent for wnshing tan or brown linen, üvered postago stamps to the num-	^'o settled poiu n	rflilw	o( the value of what lie has to offer, era! Bullcr has been remembered.
and 1 heaping cup sugar.	When this is not used, the garments ber of 3 028,821,008. and the yaluo	^ visitol. mny take	a car at the	ho will eventually succeed in the Red vers having been added to a
iho yolks of six eggs and stir tl j WjP poon look faded and bleached. of $71, #88,823. It carried 2,0oJ,-	boundary at Halifax and largest measure because be has at- Christian name Her tram, Sir Eve-
^	iNOEN^DEvicE.
bat. Ret VO at once. 11 turnlo fdr tho benefit of both buying and a novel and certafnly eiTcctive do- most skilful marksman to hit such a
rt'dr*¦ i—-..	sua*ïïs* &=%nsyrAass
Î whole, and when o	OWE LIFE TO PAS1E1JR. obtaining a situation. It was to cn- port a good deal-in the shape of
e***
wait custa#it- vow little bonne, Paris,	'	b
a
Some Interesting Matters of Moment and Mirth Gathered From His Doings
;
Recipes for the Kitchen. • hygiene and Other Notes • for the Housekeeper. •
##%»##*#*# #e#e#e#.#%
SUNDAY NIOIIT TEAS.
Sunday night teas in tho country arc generally very appetizing, and city people aro apt to sigh for the s' undun o of sweet butter, rich eiCiiin, n w-l.tid eggs and tender chick us, they enjoy wlion visiting tl e e.
'iimluiI s of chicks, vegetables and salmon, «nako very doilcluua tea di Ins, ana tho tim-b 1 m may bo made b /forehand, they only re ulre to lo filled and reheated before serving.
Com ijati.flly few country houso-kccp« rs make use of a timbale iron or timb„lo molds, however, and vlien these aro n t at hand, small tui s may bo used instead, or If onu prefers to make a substitute for tho timbale cases of cooked butler, deep patty pans lined with good paste and la cd in a good oven are very ni0.‘. I ot patties of any kind or a substantial salad will also g. norally pio.o highly acceptable, while a plat*or of cold allct d fowl, tongue or vial. s rvvd with.little cul es of cranberry, plum or currant jelly, is ap-pefli' Ing either in summer or win-A mound of stiilly whipped cream placed over tho preserves or ra ned fiuit In i s sparkling glass dbb is not only delightful to the eye, but changes an ordinary dish into & most 4 lb ions one.
MENUS.
the Land- That
Occurrences
Reigns Supreme in the Commercial VJotld.
4
e
In tho United States there are fifty-seven frog farms.
Nome's population this winter is estimated at about 3,000, which iti 1,500 lose than last winter.
An ordinance has been passed in tho city of St. Louis, Mo., whereby tho street car companies must place clocks in their cars.
There aro two blind beggars in New York who have stood at their respective corners on Fifth avenue every day for twonty-livo years.
There aro 2,800 acres of celery this
A centenarian riled at Cheltenham *
who
in the person of Mrs. Haines, was aged 104.
A Treasury estimate of the cost of the recent royal trip puts the amount at from £600,000 to £700,000.
Tho British crown weighs only 39 oz. 5 dwl., though it comprises precious stones to the value of £300,* 000.
Set in a cold place until per-Cut in slices for tho
mushrooms,
la St. George’s Chapel, Windsor, still hang» tho royal banner of Queen Victoria, as it has bung for 62 years.
Among tho most recent fuds of society women is that of being .photo* graphed as a moving picture, and some of the greatest ladies in London have set the fashion.
year in tho peat lands near minster, Cal., which, it is estimated, will produce 100 carloads.
The Kansas State Board of Agriculture announces that the wheat yield in Kansas for 1901 was physicians is cod liver oil, and Why 190,046.514 bushels, valued at $50,-is one of tho mysteries of the world 570
ïïrsrr; .ïïni.îr.-xÆ sas'iir - "m - 400
Sr.,	,vd . «JW-. _
readily obtainable, is unexplainable. UB tü *L ’
While anyone can take cream or but- Bov, John Herr, of Lima, 111., Is tor, the consuming of iish oil roqiMr- tho owner of tho oldest Bible in the es tho fortitude of a saint and trio United States, ft was printed in heroism of a martyr; and, as we 1503 at Zurich, and has been in r. know, the oil does not ngreo with | Herr's family for twelve gonci allons.
John McCurdy has completed his 50th year as engineer on tho Mlchi-Now, It has boon demonstrated I gnn Central Railway, and although that fresh, unsalted butter is rather 70 years old, makes daily trips be-moro digestible than oil, and is tween Michigan City and Jackson pleasant to take on thinly-cut tlicus 153 miles.
of bread, and as high as four ounces Mr. William Scallon, president of a clay of this butter can be oaten | tho Anaconda Copper Mining Co., with impunity by even dollcato per- has presented, in behalf of his corn-sons, and cream can he taken to tho pany, sixteen lots in the city of full desire of the patient.	Anaconda, Mont., for the purpose of
When one is recovering from pros-| a public park, trilling sickness and tho body needs
VALUE OF BUTTER EATING
winter
THIS NEW WORLD.
That [ wns not alone In my false estimates of size I learnt on tho
One of the favorite remedies of
Copt. Lindsay, one of the officers killed m the attack on Benson's col*
Ludy Bai-
un,n, was four of Burleigh and grandson of the late Dowager Countess of Aberdeen.
writer, who deals
re
there had been added to the
An American with the commercial nation, arid wastes no words in flattery, refers to Liverpool ;,s ground for tho superfluous products
of the world."
tho
that great dumping
f f
Of tho vessels
cent, were con-before 1885, and no less
The challenge shield presented fir
¦¦¦¦Lifo
competition by the National Saving Society, was won by the Glasgow South-Side Club, who defeated Eastbourne. Tho competition took place in 1-ondon.
tor
That was a very ma-
lle admitted that
many, and is hard of digestion in others.
Warm rolls
Chicken petti,h
( e/ery and apple sal* d Preserved poaches
Almond cream
ca o Tea
Timbales of celery
Cold sliced to gué Warm biscuit
Tickled beets
Preserved raspberries Teach cake
Tea Cocoa
Cocoanut custard
CoiTco
Creamed sweetbreads
potatoes
Biscuit Tickles Strawberry trifle
Cocoa
honor of a stained-in St. Saviour's
Angel food
Cold sliced beef with tomato catsup
Potato sa’nd
Preserved pears Cream cake
Co co
homes for disabled
Rolls
Timbal vs of chicken
Tickled peaches
Celery and beetroot salad . Based custard
Cocoa Tea
Citron cake
cream oi
Major-General Dadcn-Po*

Tho Dublin Metropolitan Police, like the Royal Irish Constabulary, are directly under the control of tho Government, but they aro a civilian. e and not a military body. The R I C. are essentially a military police. They are drilled ns soldiers, and though they ordinarily carry only the baton they are armed on occasion with revolvers, rifles of a semewhafc antiquated pattern, and bayonets Tho bayonet fs a peculiarly unpleasant weapon, the n .. <>f it neat the barrel of the rifle being ko notched that if any c
draw back the rifle smartly to tear away tho fleck aal siucws of hif baud.
WHAT IIE CAME FOR
A learned judge who was one of the guests at a dinner vas unexpectedly called upon to reph to a toast. Recovering somewhat _ from his surprise, lie said that tis situation reminded him of the story of the man who fell into tho water while ho was Ashing.
With no little difficulty he was rescued, and after he had regained his brcatlf and was in a fairly comfortable condition, his rescuer asked him how he came to fall into the
foolitu enough to
i
water.
‘T did not come to full into water," replied the unfortunate Osh* ‘T rajuie to üab.
th
# »
criua»
###PAGE###8###


E. HODCINS % SON’S ADVT.
BARGAINS I
7* >7
Clearing Sale.
A
L
»
You’d hardly thin K it, yet it is quite true that
tycCUIRE, THE TAILOR,
will make it interesting for
anyone in need of a suit or overcoat during January.


Attend
We begin the New Year with a genuine, real Bargain Clearing^Sale
STEWART’S
Midwinter Sale of
Boots, Overshoes, Rubbers
Mitts, Gloves, Moccasins and Pelt Goods
now going on.
Our Stock of some of the following lines is small, but every one is offered AT COST PRICE and » in some cases much lower :
Men’s Pea Jackets,
Overcoats,
Fur Coats,
,	Underwear,
Kid Gloves,
Moose Mitts,
Goat Robes,
Horse Blankets,
Wool Clouds,
Boys’ Moccasins,
Ladies’ Jackets, &c.
5
P. S—Fit guaranted.
COUNTY SALE OP LAND FOR TAXES
Piovince of Quebec,
Office of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac WÊÊÊ	1st Division.
1 hereby give notice that lands hereinafter mentioned will be sold 1^ public auction, at the Council Hall, in the village of Bryson, on nLÜ* NESDAY, the FIFTH day of MARCH next, at TEN o’clock in the foreneon, for the assessments and costs due to the municinalities hereinafter mentioned, upon the several lots or parts of lots hereinafter described, unless the same be paid to me, with costs before the afore mentioned day of sale.
Province de Québec,
Bureau du Conseil Municipal du Comté de Pontiac,
1ère Division.
Je donne avis par le présent que les terres ci-après décrites seront vendues per encan public, A la salle du comté* de Pontiac, au village de Bryson, MERCREDI, le CINQUIEME jour de Mars prochain, à DIX heures de l'avant-midi, pour cotisations et frais mentionnés sur le différents lots et parties de lots ci-après décrits ;\ moins que les dites cotisations ne me soient payées, avec les frais encourus, avant le jour fax*
pour le vente.
;
i i*
3il ii
I i
Norn tie la Munici pal i té .
i
Absent
Nom sur le Hole
t.i
ill
I
H
ii
* I
Let
I'S
m g
-s I
6 U
5
$
Absentee
s
I
Name on Assessment Roll
Name of Munici |»ality.
H
Z
2 92 Absent—Absentee
33
2 59
Don’t Miss this Chance of Saving Honey.
100
Sud—South ^ 46, 47
2
Burris Robert,........
Laundry Thomas........
Laundry Olivier.......
Laundry William.......
Seaman Samuel.........
Whitmore Win. H.......
Marion Octave.........
Moorhead Robert.......
Ouellette F. X.........
Laporte William.......
Lachance Xaxier.......
Gagnon John...........
Gagnon John...........
Longpre Jules.........
Landon Horace.........
Armitage William......
Laughran Ralph........
Watson Alexander......
Belanger William......
Gilpin Joseph..........
Leggo Herbert.........
Clark John C..........
Hér de feu—Heirs of late Archibald Campbell....
DeZouchc Mme—Mrs F.C. Horner William James ...
Moorhead Robert.......
Carmichael Duncan—Hér-teurs de—heirs of......
Craig William John..,...
Gorman Dennis..........
Spinks Alexander.......
Davis Edward..........
Davidson Stewart......
Gagnon Joseph..........
Murray John H........ .
Rattray Mme—Mrs.D. M. Rattray Mme—Mrs. D. M.
Allan Murray..........
60
H
60
100
{
42
3
2 40
2 40
100
Canton de—Town of Àldfieldl........
43
3
1 20
1 20
100
44
8
93
83
60
100
Sud—South j 47, 48
.....7, 8 ......
4
E. HODGINS & SON
28 70 Absent—Absentee
2 00
7 05
18 75
200
U-W
{
Canton (le—Township of Allumette Island...........
Village de—of Bryson
Canton de—Township of Calumet Island...........
f
20 13
1 00
10 43
7 80
100
5
5
9 58
9 58
4 coté 0—4 W side Main street . .Parti ouest—West part 14..
55 11 24 92
20 91 4 30 1 60
34 20 20 62 3 26
97
1
{

100
F
s.-s
N-N
4 76
25
27
u
^4
}
41 A
77
15 90
6
3 00
4 40
1 75 4 60
8 50
3 25 1 60
Selling Out I
{
42 A
77
6
Canton de—Township of Chichester
6 00
7
88
3
0 10 13 verges et 6 perches— 3 roods and 6 perches
22 J 3 r 6p
1
13 87
67
10 70
2 60
4 of-de-S W i 12
NB424 .......
of S W i 9
N W-0
50
7
{
7 63
6 75
1 88
«
Canton de—Town of Clarendon ...
100
11
16 00
10 00
5 00
Partie S O de —
60
2
10 50
4 50
6 00
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Go I
We Mean Business !
47
100
4
{
1 60
1 50
20, 21
14, 15
Canton de—Town of Leslie....
200
2
7 13
2 23
4 90
200
5
5 06
18
4 87
. Front A 13, 14 . Front t 21, 22 Arriéré—Rear 4 14 Arriéré—Rear î 16
200
1
6 25
2 26
200
{i
30
30
100
30
30
100
14 06 4 64 7 90
4 30
9 76
Canton de—Township of Litchfield
20
7
200
28
70
4 36
S E i 28 , F i 8
N E 410
, 8 j 15 ,
. 8 4 12 .
100
5
7 20
40
1
S 84
24
3 60
100
1
15 a et— and 15 b
8
{
3 65
3 65
Canton de—Town ship of Onslow..,
90
4 12
4 12
12 a
100
13
ARMSTRONG BROS
4 70
30
4 40
99
11
5
{
6 50
5 60

296
29, 30
A
Canton de—Township of Pontefract
1	95
2	45
30
30
1 65
99
12
6
2 15
2
35
5
LADYSMITH.
20 20
15 00
1 20
9 00 16 00
10 00
29 Coté N O-N W side Mill St 27 Coté N O-N W side Mill St 40 Coté S E—S E s. Church St
Lot de village 66 x.99 pieds ; borné au sud et est par le turrain de James L. Shaw, à l’ouest par le terrain de John À. Beckett, et ou nord par la rue Court Est, situé au coté sud de la rue Court Est et connu comme parti de lot 8, rang 6, Clarendon.—Village lot 66 x 99 feet ; bounded on south and east by land of Jas L. Shaw, on west by land of John A. Beckett, and north by Court street East, situate on south side of Court street, east and known as part of lot 8, range 6, Clarendon.
{
Village de—village of Portage du Fort
Village de—village of Shaw ville..........
86 x 142 86 x 142
5 00
5 00
13 65
1 22
12 33
Reliability !
There is nothing on the face of the earth in which it is easier to be d aceived than in jewellery. The public know nothing about jewellery and are just as liable to buy a poor as a good article if left to themselves. Their only safeguard is to buy from a reliable jeweller to whom they can return the goods if not satisfactory. Don’t be deceived by the shine of the article and remember that one sells good dollars for 76 cents.
16 24
3 10
Canton de—Township
of Sheen........
8 29
100
4 85
8
5
Bertrand William
( Leger Richard... { Riley Jamea H... [ Hazard Richard..
Walter Findlay..
16 78 26 76 13 20
3	68 9 11
4	80
12 10 16 66 8 40
85
176
106
12
1
1, 2
Canton de—Town ship of Thorne..
Canton de—Township of Waltham........
4
Partie—Front part 9, 10
2
19 00
8 20 .
10 80
113
no
6
6
A
Borné comme suit : au nord par le chemin public et le chemin P. J., à l’est et ou sud par le restant du lot 6, a l'ouest par la ligne entre le* lots numéros 6 et 6, rang À, Canton de Waltham.—Bounded as follows : north by the public road and P. P. J. railway line, east a d south by remainder of lot 6, west by side line between lot 6 and 6, range A, Waltham.
de fer P
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
*
opposm forme boom,
WILLIAM C. LeROY,
Bbysos, 6 janvier, 1902.
Brynos, 6th January, 1902.
MATW STRUT -	- gHAWYEJA
il* DMstoe de Comte do Feotloe,
L
