###PAGE###1###

7
f





f




I
>
No. 48.-18x11 Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MAY 23, 1#01.
11.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
LOCALS THAT PAY
Il
Muple Sugar and Munie Syrup ut the Palace Grocery, S humilie.
No need to wait now. We have inert** ed ourtUfT. We can turn out our work In time to suit you
A mire > ign of giving MuilMluction l« to ^ » ta 1er buey. McGuire, The Tailor, it the huaient, man In town.
Head Otter: .. .. Capital ¦ntwrrihrd Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
...........tl,W4,,w,
ttttttttttttttttttttB ,ww 'k r.
Ill
OF CANADA.
Do You Trade at
Host
Viewing, copying, etc attended to.
tor fine photon go to Irnieoo. He pleaaee ' A novelty in Uinhrelloe “ Touch the , where other* full. Studio, Ponliar Houne
- 2,600,000.1 Sl*‘^v*SLRh G.Æ'.tTS!' 'mÎ‘ j	2^:52.,or
Enlarging a apcclality. Term* to match
>1. ImaoN.
Maple Syrup in %, and HO cent tin*, at Met*i ihF M (îrocery.
l,W0,4to
promptly H. in mo*.
etc
Hoard of Dir$etou :
Ohaklim Maoeb, Ehq., President GeonoK Hay, ksq.,Vice President
Ho*. O*o. Bhtbo*. Jr Al*x . Fkamkii, Bmj ¦
Tub 2 Taiuorh.
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000.
«s	& I Reserve fund,
Bead OflUcr, . Montreal.
SHAW’S
The warm weather haw come, tiring your children out and have their photo* taken by 11. Uiihon.
OHORGFHVRN D. M. FINNI1
General Manager .. .. Manager
Tlje Reliable... Bargain House ?
Branrbea ?
IN ONTARIO
Keew»t,n.
Memptfille,
MutUwa.
Ottawa,
Fruit in * lock - ora nge*, lemon*, apple* pine apple*, banana*, fig*, date*, prune*
••	—w.. """r.-H.xSoC
reasonable rates.
OOOOOOOOO
8HAWVILLB BRANCH,
We #e'l the lient dollar umbrella in four countie*
Alexandria,
Arnprlor,
Avonmnre,
Bnwebrtdge,
Cat le ton
Lanark,
Parry Hound. Pembroke, Rat Portagr, Winchester, do Bank 8t. Renfrew do Rideau 81. Townie,
A. R. MctiriRB.TLe Tailor,
Intending traveller* write J. R. Tier-
Fsrmrr, not., Nou.ht acd collected.	I p^'^pfjr^cTeap,7 at McgÎ-Irkh I
Money transferred to all parts of the world. | Grocery.	| all part* of the world. Partie* going
Northwest write for '* Settler's " guide, map*, etc,

Place,
Hawke*bury,	Vaukleek Hill, HmltL'a Falla
IN MANITOBA :
NOVELTIES
We can*upply you with ju*t the article
.   you want	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I*
Accounts opened for amounts of one dob | *Wck-good âtervlceable article*, and We sell suit* cheap and sell lot# of them.
cheap.	A. R. McGuire, The Tailor. All fully guaranteed. A. R. McGuire
fourth week.	A cull solicited.
RAVINGS BANK
Daaphln,
Winnipeg,
Portage La Prairie INQUBBRC;
Just Received for Spring and early Summer Wear.
lara and upward* and Interest allowed
null
Montreal,
Infinite
HUawinigan falls.
Arrets in Canada, New York and Chicago-Rank of Montreal.
Agents In Bt. Paul—Merchant a Nat. Bank. Agents In London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
Optic* Hours Batumi» ts .
10 A.M. TO 3 P M
10 A M. TO 1 P M
F. A. PARKER Manager
New “ Erect Form ” Corsets,
Allover Laces, Ribbons, Embroidery.
11 Cool Feet"—We have a full range of this brand of
—Ladies’ Hose ; fine cotton, guaranteed fast black with natural wool split sole. We re--comwe.nd iulq line. We have all other
jUnd# ad well.
Belts and Belt Buckles.
-The very newest in Ladies’ Belts : the shaped —patent leather is correct. We have them in sev-—eral makes, also the other popular kinds.
1HE M.ajue Antoinette Dip is the very newest —belt buckle. See it.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
“Save me from mvfriend*," would be
Several of our loci Hport* «(«ml n few Mra. Dilworth, who has been in deli-1 tort^y mlmb^for Punti^met oow Iy lhe E^‘u'r uf The Ei'q,ty. days lent week trout fishmg m Cawood. hate health for aume time past, u, at pre	'	Sir,-It has teen announced in
Mr. Sam. Armstrong began the brick-	,n, ‘	s hospital, Ottawa, Mr*. David Morchcad, of Litchfield ecclesiastical circles here that His Grace
ing of North Clarendon Methodist church "•	1* rkecently Rul*m‘ttcc! to an	oper-	wont to the	General Hospital, Ottawa,	Archbishop Bond has
at ion,	which is expected will have the	on Thursday	last to undergo an oiier	Ref. H. 8. Boyle, M. A
L-,ri	1 6l1 °f cunn5.the mala<^	from	ation f(>r the	removal of a cancer, from	North Clarendon ns successor to the Rev.	,
whlch	8,10 hnH hcen 8ufltirm8-	which *he haa been suffering for the past	Prvf, SteçQ w Çu^tç in Christ C’fiUNh	I
Mr. R. 0% Elliott, carpenter, last week or more: ^ b® Crnwth was success- Cathedral in this cit pleted the factory of the Lily Cheese fu .V removed on Friday, entailing a very Mr. Boyle is an]1* Upp-r Canada'1 man Messrs Ralph Hodgins A Sons com- and Butter Company, and operations there **lt,ca; and ?*?eTe, 9P®rafc,0D» owing to (and cornea from Sfc. Catherines, Ont nteoced the excavation on Monday for the in have commenced, with Mr. Dave IJilli- f,ie ^tent which it had spread. Mrs. More I His brilliantcollege career at Trinity Uni Inurnment of J. J. Caldwell’s proposed ard in charge. Mr. Hilliard has remof- ^	attended by her daughter vernity, Toronto, where he graduated
residence on Court street.	ed his family to the vicinity of the fac- Mr* .etc!" Mctuaig, during her confine- with quadruple scholarships, and classy for the summer months.	.n,enf !n hospital, an ho far as we can sical honors in 1898, together with him
Commercial traveller, report tha‘ the	Wo^Mnn^ea/th™ t
great howl over the exigence of .mill. The Oow Nu,.*Mc«.-Can,pl.inU have ffouS	^
mm
SBHrES
mmm
neighborhood.	seems to have forgotten us last week, * grievance in this respect, has the ruht,	_
Come in and see us ; if we have
^^S,ÏÏî;“K£5;: 5Ï5Z.SE5'".r3 aniSS	nothing to suit you, we don’t ask
asLA -•	|	r:sr “ “ - you to buy.
priety of having a corporation official al- Mr. and Mrs. Lun&mis were in Shawvillc	V
* 4 Parties who have been receiving The ''otind that there	are a number of	ways on hand for the performance of	on Tuesday and Mv John Me Lea •>
Equity on trial for the past three months, email accounts on our	books for ad ver-	such work. It cats something, of	also down during the week,
will kindly notify us this week if they tising and iob work which should be paid	course, but we take it thit people would Mr. Thou Dale was over at	Ladysmith
wish to continue the }>aper after the first l,P- for the most	of them have	prefer frying a little rather than under-	on Friday.
of June. Those from whom no such been rendered, and we don’t want to go take a disagreeable task themselves.	Most of the farmers have finished
notification is received will be put down to the trouble and expense of doing so	____ putting in their crops and arc now busy
on our regular li»t.	«gain- Parties concerned will please I ARrtTRTQunD nnxrn	fencing.
note this, and come down with the	AKCHBISHOP BOND.	Voilbt and Pansy.
“ needful without being further re-	—	--------—
mindet1'	IARRRANGÏMÏNTR for hih visitation of Mr. N. Carneau, M. L. A , for Que
tup. deanery ok clarendon. bee County, it is announced, has been
cal'ed to the Legislative council, to succeed Hon. J. J. R ns, deceased.
Montreal, P.Q., 15th May, 1901
the
appointed , incumbent of
last week
Buildino Material.—Nails, builder’s paper, paints, oils, etc , at

G. F. Hoihiinh
com
The steamer J. L. Murphy has commenced her season's work on Chats Like
mark
M most suitable for such a
o
MEN’S FURNISHINGS.
New Dress and Negligee Shirts, 11 Underwear and Hosiery,
" Collars and Ties,
" Cloves and Belts,
" Umbrellas.
GEER MOUNT
^ The Ladle*' Aid, which met at Mrs. Thos Dale’s was well attended ; all the members but two heir g present. Mrs. Gregory Atkinson and Mis* Emma Judd were the visitors.
Mr Meyer was the guest of Rev. C, Lummis la t week.
J. H. SHAW
was
PERSONAL
To Reorganize the Band.—The citizens have commenced a well-directed imve to reorganize the band
Miss McCredie is visiting friends in Montreal.
Mr. E. McConnell, adv/ cate of Hull, «lient last Thursday in town.
...	, His G race Archbishop Bond has arrang
healthy basis. A subscr ption list with ed the following visitation to the deanery this object in view, was put in circula- of Clarendon
Mrs. H II. Knox left on Monday for I tion on Friday afternoon, and met with june 9 s 1 h II 11	i>
an extended trip to Montreal, Boston and very encouraging results. Theiotention.'of Rural ^ "&„ith	a m* CV* I We, the undesigned, do hereby agree to
advance the projet, isto wtftbbshafijd jj£ne	A>lmer’ ia30am- G^il^wI%L7 Syrup?/ Tarif n
for the purpose of p ying a leader, and to	,Uv * % ^ 1 ayIor*	fails to cure your cough or cold
c ver other incidentals winch are likely to	June 11 Tuesday,	Bristol,	10.30 a.m	also guarantee a 25 cent bottle to	prove
Anse in connection with equipment, etc.	~Kyv- J- J- Li.we.	satisfactory or money refunded.
Revs. Dr. Tucker and W. R. Johnson The idea is a good one, in fact the o ly Juno 12, Wednesday, North Claren-1	Shaw ville Drug Co.
attended the district meeting at Pent one by which the band will have a don, 10.30 a.m. — Rev. H. 8. Bov broke last Wednesday and Thursday. | fair chance of existence, and it is hop	y
ed the promoters will succeed.
on a
A Card
• • • All Right in Their Place
# # #
Rev. J. J. Lowe, of Bristo1, occupied the pulpit of 8t. Paul’s Church on Sun-
INSECT DESTROYERS
We
day
e
June 13, Thursday, Bryson, 10 30 a.in -Rev. I. A. Lackey, Portage du F, rt.
June 14, Friday, Thorne, 10.30 a.m,-Rev. C. Lu ram is, Greer Mount.
June 16, Sunday, Shawvillo, 1.30 a.m
—	Ven. Archdr aeon Naylor.
June 17, Monda, Quyon, 10.30 a.m. Rev. W. F. Fitzgora'd.
June 18, Tuesday, Eariley, 10.30 a.m.
—	Rev. W. E. Kaneen.
June 20, Thursday, Walefield, 10.20 a. m —IW. J. H. Bell.
June 21, Friday, Alywin, 1 30 Rev. V. Lariviere.
June 23, Sunday, Wright 10.30 Rev. V. Lariviere.
June 24, Monday, Alleyne, 10.30 -Rev. T. W. Ball, Danford Uke.
—	^ne 25, Tuesday, Chelsea, 10.30 —Rev. A. A. Allen.
June 26, Wednesday. — Return to Buckingham for visitation of 8t. An drew s Deanery.
Mrs. MILIUMS
Mr. Alex, and Mr#. Kilgour, of Ebume,
British Columbia, arrived here Wedncs-1 The building boom in town is row go day on a visit to friends.	ing briskly on. Last week, Messrs
Mr. Sfi&rling of Pembroke, one of the Be-rge and Thomas I'mdlay began general agents for the Massey Harris I n\aH<’D w°rk ^ the propo ed bark block. Co., was in town last week.	which Mr. G. r. Modgins is having
erected alongside his store; directly op-Mr. (). B. Kemp, inspector of crown posite Mr Caldwell’s building, is advanc-land offices for the Prov. Government, jng satisfactorily, and Mr. Albert Horner was up on Friday inspecting Mr. Wm. is erecting a good-sized wing to the rear ( laike s office at Morehead.	! of the building lately purchased by Mr.
Mr. J. T. Pattison, of the Hull Ad-I^* B* ^awford from Mr. Silas Young
The new Methodist parsonage is also taking form, under the management of
PURE PARIS GREEN
For spraying fruit trees and killing
HELLIBORE
For destroying caterpillars and currant worms.
SULPHATE OF COPPER (Bluestone)
For spraying trees and used in Bordeaux mixture.
PURE INSECT POWDER
For the destruction of ants, ’roaches and Hies.
FLOWERS OF SULPHUR
For the prevention and destruction of mildew in Plants.
worms.
the
New Sailor and Walking Hats Laces, Silks, Flowers and Feathers, Chiffons and other Novelties in this .. Season’s Styles...
a, ni.—
vanco, was in town last week and favored
The Equity with a call. In addition to, 9 .	. I B
the Advance Mr. Pattison prints the some Aylmer mechanics, and promûtes to Gatineau Beacon (monthly) and the Can- a ,,,0't creditabU structure, when atla Presbyterian, and has also a large completed. The building stands on jobbing trade in. Ottawa where his chief elevated ground on a f.ret-class 8-foot office is located.	| basement and will undoubtedly present
a fine appearance.
am.—
a in
Call and see her. She will pi her customers In prices and sty I
all
a. in
Mrs. McWilliams.
We had the pleasure of a call last
Tuesday from Mr. John Ingram, of Cal- Queen’s Birthday.—Friday, May 24th, gary section, N. W. T., who is in Pon- will likely be pretty generally observed
the past three or four year* on tho same of the surrounding neighborhood are re- ! Church, Ottawa bv Rev J Snowdon
Front, in making his purchases, which coining into town that day on business ‘ Eurdley.	s	*g-
have been chiefly young cattle, which arc J errands. The disciples of Isaac Walton I	-
Si.ri” » s gr.in‘«"r.“;s sr.rVe,;;"-, iïsrmH- n
Parted	Lise «nth the sun on Friday will * S.mlevT^Crv	m"’"
Mr. Hugh Froude. who has been a swarded with the spectacle of a procession risen, 3. ’ J,,h„ ^gue 4 ^eari" Hy’nës resident of Shawyille during the past six of conveyances, laden w.th our repre- 5, Athold Knox 0. Junior ;ir,l (i,ik
aaa irans >#£•. tazsrea	-¦ *. i
day.	1 ward in search of speckled trout.
Spring-...
Millinery
PURITY GUARANTEED.
NOW OPEN FOR INSPECTION AT
Be abow
THE DRUG STORE,
(V[iss Anrv'e fycRae’s.
All the Latest Styles in
SHA WVILLS.
Trimmed Hats. Sailors, Turbans and Walking Hats, Flowers, Feathers and Chiffons at all prices. A large assortment of China, Pongee and Taffeta Silks, also a full range of Lacea and Straw Trimming, '
AT LOWEST PRICES.
PURE DRUGS.
J. MacDonald, Teacher



/


###PAGE###2###


f
:

A Farmers Trials

how rr was done.
THE H EST TEA you had ever lasted before trying
FRAGRANT
FMr
A boy was tumraoncd to testify in i	—	Mi*	¦	¦	am
a case of assault, m which one man	E	8	I	g	|	|	B	I	M	g|	Sf	%	Æ 8	B B
had hit another with a shovel. A	B	Â	M	1	Pj	Eai	I	B	||	¦	¦*	fl	B E	Mb
hoQt of witnesses h id l**on railed, D	$ S B B	M B	#*	B ft 5	|	I	n ù ju ,-S
who "beat about the bush" in the j F	mM	[1M PLy #L,	B B	a M B	B	B	H jj jj *
most tedious and provoking man- |	*¦ m lit g #
nor.
€
1
vDONT
3$l»b@a86$M
A SUFFERER FOR YEARS, Till RESULT OF A FALL.
I
a perfect liquid dentifrice for the
ABOUT SOILING CHOPS.
An old adage hath it that closing	piwcutio«"X' b,okc'wi'% follow*
the barn after the theft of the horse g 0011?!	5raUUIII	H®re, boy, we've been going round
ssstomks ok. H.CB3SE
During bus life he has passed through whll° ns n discourager of further pH- Large LIQUID and POWDER, 75c J you hear mef 1 want you t income to much sickness but now thinks to fl'riJlge The dairyman who thU past At all Storwi, or by Mall for the price.	direct iwint. Did you ^ tb|i
itr. Will Lima’ Pink I'ilk.'hv l. again	^ ,»eM >lU cowa ebrUlkin»' HALL & RUCKEL. Montreal.
r„ a re- !?•;	>° "hu‘ 'b" bar“ d°or’ »-—	- -----«* Ah.’ha.'chuckled the lawyer, rub-
ow may he «lo his best i If he has stems and arms that when loaded king his mads, we have something	P
planted soiling crops like peas and with fruit and dripping with rain will I t° work upon. Here, my good lad	0
oats, Hungarian millet, and the l,end down so that much of the fruit I take this cane, handing him his walk-	0
, !““¦ “î -*     fîSiKurürcrti-Mi isss%	t: '
mg Pastures with green feed in the j be broken with the winds, besides bo- given.
| barn or yard, he has closed the door ing much in way of cultivation. Yes, sir, I—• before rather than after the theft. In regard to trimming or renewing Now, then, no words about it, I
Bottom, 111. «cm,II, lor .be £,*£?ISSU F ïïl ,'i	ÏÏ??.»
mer feeding of grain is greatly less- bush off near the ground, when if the prisoner. No** just raise tho ened. If he has no recourse to soil- the root is worth saving it will send Stick, and show the Court, ing crops, nothing hut buying grain up plenty of shoots the first year ' Y he bewildered lad did "raise tho As a fanner 1 always had can lessen the shrinkage. The Vcr- These can be treated in the aamo man-	flnd the next moment it
to work	hard, and	often	exp a-n	my-	mont experiment station has for mauy ner thereafter us a two-year-old plant down upon the bald pa to of the as-
self	to	inclement	unih-r	M	*	i,,/..- I yCiir*s experimented with soiling crops simply by selecting n few of the tonkhed lawyer, and sent him stag.	, ,	* ' v i and recommends io dairymen the best shoots and trimming as at first Bering to his scat.
11 ou me w as finally aggravated by in-	large use of summer ensilage and of	described. Keep all slender, weak	That's	the way it was done, sir, said
u gestion, and as this affected my ap-	oats and peas sown at weekly inter-!	stems cut out or pinched out as they	*be l»oy,	amid tho shrieks oÇ laughter
peuie, I was very much run down, vais, and fed during July and Aug- appear.	of the whole courtroom. The dis- 0
i-mully a few years ago l was attack-	ust. Ensilage is probably the cheap-	Perhaps it might he as well to treat	coinfited	counsel, with a ghastly at-	*
ed with la gnppe, which developed	es I food ; oats and peas somewhat the	half the bush at a time, taking two	tempt to Emile, Raid that he had	-
into.pneumonia. Aly family doctor sue- better. If tho former is contemplated years to renew the plantation, and at d(>n° with the witness-tho evidence If* YOU Want “SSîSS’UÙi1 «L..
pf *nor,“'e^	ttorwctioa	----•---	The Dawson Commission
lu- hou, e and all Urn he could ,lo of u special summer silo, preferably case the plants will require more ter.	THE REJECTED ON F--ra.lbors.SL. Toro. to.
SilliEiis smm m§m
mi au m uno instead of getting chosen, they must be sown in succès-	—¦...	^
' rtîg rusr	.,MpoRTiKOB op oood <»“«*.
m> attack of la grippe, and or deeply and harrowed in; the oats ( a:;ng that time 1 was not aule to do j two or three days later and bushed ' Whenever the Boil	crumbles	It
an\ wvrk. Aly w W » .sy-u ai vemed in. A better catch is likely to be sc-	be worked for
!•xhaasicd, x’.ui'i uiy nerve., shattered, cured in this way than if sown to*
On i.n*.' days 1 would go out fur c; get her. The crop may bo either fed
whil^bat « ften l would lx unie <v green, hayed, or put in the silo. Let	*ko plow started	when	every	furrow
w^ ak ;u*ul dizzy tn.it i could sc îrcely those whose July and August milk looks as if it had been run in a mold,
ÿsszsssÿtfü?	—*• --Dr. Willi im.^’ Pink Pills. 1 thought	cr becauao °f a surplus of moisture,
be worth taking and	’ ""“*	Too often yuch work is termed eoicn-
uilf dozen boxes of the SPRAYING POTATOES AND FRUIT tific, because of the handsome even
wvrv gene there
becomes a memory and a back number
In His Weakened Condition La Grippe L'aetened Itself Upon Him, and Brought Him Near tho Grave.
lead packages,
t6, 30, 40, no A 00 Conte
PURE
Now the season for painting is oil ( Get your house touched up with W paint—good p.vnt. Don't use any common brand ot paint because it is 0
cheap. Don’t use cheap paint at all.
it is dear in the end. ' Get a good old brand that has been known in Canada fur sixty years.
i
PAINTS.
4
enjoying vigorous <healtl porter who recently interviewed him I &*l% r ! i am now C2nd year
Mr
m my
ind I may date the be-
Color. CARD
RAMSAY’S PAINTS
gain
gummg of my trouble to my mx-teenth year when 1 was thrown from a horse’s back
*
4
are the oldest and best known paints in Canada, made to beautify and preserve the house. Wo will send you a booklet showing how houses are painted and telling all about paint if you will drop card and ask for Booklet 4,K" froo
teftQ
• V— 4th -
nul li id m \ ¦ p ne Somewhat injured. This was always a weak tipot and it
t
ËI
1 to leave !
I
eem
some
me morc l uscvptible to other trou- I
tdcH, as it grew
us a
is 1 advanced
wars

in years
camo
A. RAMSAY & SON,
4
R
t
l
T
I
i
MONTREAL.
Est’d IMS
%

The Miserieondia Hospital of Rio Janeiro is tin largest in the world; H.iHiO patients arc treated in a
year.
THEN SHE CEASED TO TROUBLE.
A gentleman who was in love with a lady, and had no opportunity to unfold his passion, appeared before her
house and cried out Fire! firel fire I upon which she throw up the window, and asked where; when he placed hie hand upon his heart, and said, Here, here, here!
KAWARTHA iLAKKS.
1
One of the finest of the many excellent summer outings open to tho tourist on a holiday is a trip through tho K a wart ha Lakes, Lindsay, Coho, rouk. or Lakcfield, are the best pointe to atari in from, and tho scenery is well worth the time, to say nothing of the fresh air the traveller van imbibe. The «(earners which are run* Under an Unjust Penalty forlning ill the route, are all fast, safe
The
are the summer
T10N
HOTEL PROPRIETOR WINS HIS EASE.
BU1CC
can
the greatest benefit to plant growth. How often
W. P. C. 1016
we eee
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
F
craft and are well appointed Kawart ha Lakes pleasure grounds of the continent
Eight Years
th
h
1 sent f<
P»Us. I v tin y was no doubt l hutl found a medicim that was helping in
i

Bright's Disease Held the Seatsneo of Death Over H:s Head Suffered all the Misery of Broken Health tn the Meanwhile- He Deliverance by Djdd o Kidney Pills.
For all skin allmint».
J. 0. Calvert A Go., Manoheeter, England
TREES
Land thus managed,
It ia no longer a question of whe- tllough it may be a sandy loam which
appearance
APPROPRIATE,
_________
furthor >upply. I continued taking thcr or not it pays to spray, for this would ko much less damaged than !,* (¦ !hIlî *;ll‘ \ul ltl'vv 11 r|lt hs. and has long been settled in the affirm-	will not gain that fine garden
inVbvtteTand roller lhen Mui ' aiWe\ Near,>' nI! experiments allow tiItb’ which is so desirable, perhaps, dene for years. Every <ym.p?ujn of	^ does, although some seasons it *ur tbe whole season
ihie weakness tint had followed la pays better than others. Tho time
el my back which and method of application,and the ma ko many v
finishing tba reading of	______
Now, wh.it would ; STREET METAL douolab Bros
1M Adelsldu 9t,
Rimer
hit l***m Then you suggest for a title?
Kandor—Call it Th2 Room rang. Rimer—‘What !
K mdor—Sure. No matter where you fire it, it’ll corns back to you.
i
CORNICES
ToiodIq, Out
Dresden, May 13, (Special.)—Allan McIntosh, proprietor of the well ,1 Rich clay lands which are so valu- known Clifford House here, in conver-
. nbIc for the production of high-class Ration at his hous hay and corn, arc moat seriously dam* ...	aged by plowing and cultivating when ... .. ... ....
1 hard day’s j fruit trcc3 oao «Playing before the too wet, because when the drying out 13 Ult 1 tbe W0:o*> and mhuenro The readers ef thhpaper will be pleased te »d to but ! buds open, using bordeaux mixture, Process begins the furrows break up of the speaker.	ioiro 1 hut there it at least one dreaded dises»#
-ill! a
he inquired whether the bog were cover four or 8U rows at once, from	    continual	ache.	My urine w.w of	-
hard at the bottom.	20	to	tiJ acres may bo gone over in a Qf)7nnnUT	n	lhlt.	(,ark	colpr	which is the mod a I
Oh, ay, replied the lad—quite hard, j day of 10 hours, so that the expense bUZUUUN I Tootfî . OWdCr 250	^symptom of the diseas
BSliiPSilf;:;
' and dilute to 25 gala. Dissolve 4 ibs ^ neD* plate, china, and glass is Eiilg you wouldn t svo me here before S. A. PROBLEM, sulphate of Copper in 25 gals water cvor 8crvcd twice at Court tables. ^°p, 1 , minute.
EEHEEE2 ! r	%
merce at Plymouth^ said he believed bordeaux or to this and paris green 1	° * ° meat, game, poultry, and	nnrw-'v
that Canada and Australia had helped : C0U3bIned* They are called by various SWPCtl in Profusion are of necessity	LHQIOB OF TWO
us largely for the sake of forming naraea and fbelr Use is quite satisfac- Mt over
tory. They need only to be added
ROOFING ‘HUSf'Jift
§LATKBLAVKBOAâDi (WeeuSB Publie and High Bohoela. Ti rental Roefl ¦.« Felt, Pu b, Ceei Tar eie. ROOV1NOTIL* Heeltew 0117 Hull*. Inca, Toronto, dont by our Irai Metal Cr ’..up, Oor-Dioet, eta Eetimstee furnished for rerk coaplete nr fet eeslaHale shipped to any p*rt of the oematry. P 0. BtfTNiS A UNS, Adeuide A Widmar Jta.,
grippa wa< g (.une, .» h ut bothered m ? for
w a s almast ns si rang as in box 1 hux
\
to-day, made n statement that cannot fail to car-
irs
terials to be used are important. For
$100 Reward, $:03.
i.
tioos im
s:nce done many and b?on ex pc weather, but without ar and I <• m v Pink Pills hav
, Terant»
xx o r k
>
111
IJfl
say Dr. restored in
f
cas ni inhtKxi.”
Dr. Williams* Pink Pil casas as th.e on-th.»y create nuxx
iHli
f
II I LI
eAL^ENs'-NG e
WALKING
OR
OUTINQ SUITS
Can be done perfectly by our French Process. Try ih
M1TIIH AMCHIOAN PYIIHO CO.
MONTREAL. TORONTO. OTTAWA A QUEBEC
bt.ren r
e e e
;
Brass Band-
Out
n xvondcrful collection of
Instrument», Drums, Uniform». Etc
A QUESTION OF DISTANCE.
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Lowest prices over quoted. Fite catalogue, .'00 illufttrativas, mailed free. Write us for anything in .llnsle or Hnelenl Intirnnicni*.
Whaley Boyce & Co,
morass.
Dominion Line Steamships
Montreal to Liverpool. Boston to Liver pool. Portland to Liverpool Vis Queens-
Large and Fast Steamship#. Superior aecommodstloi for all claaeea of ba santera Hdoona and Stateroom are aaoldehlpa Special attention baa be< n given to ih bevond Saloon and Third-Claae accommodation. Voi ratee of passage and all particular#, apply to any agent ef the Company, or
BwLards, Milia à Oe,
Minard's Liniment Cures Diphtheria.
xv.is m a
The first submirins cable -mislaid in August, 18Ô0. between Dover and Capv Grit n»z.

D. Torrance A Co .
Montreal and FortlsnA
17 State Sa, Bottom
A
This signature is on every box of the genuine
laxative Bromo-Quieiae T.biet.
the remedy that rare# n cold I» one day
BI LLER ON Jill
FREE TRIP
General Duller, speaking at tho annual dinner of the Chamber of Com-
Armstrong's first breech-loading gun. invented in 1859, fired a shot 5 miles, with only 51b. of powder.
FOR OVER EIFTV YEARS
MRS WINSLOWS ROOTHINO SYRUP hie Leen i m h!di:Lmo hrrifor their children tecthirg. it eoothes lo anyone who wants a piano or onran
| SHraH
purchase of $ôO ai
T"r’100 i "T:" I	Sffl
47 (too square unies are under culti- Exposition) Pitnos, wt have a great var-
vat ion.	I iety of used pianos, by well-known makers,
In good order, which wo offer to clear ai from
TO
TORONTO.
A number of Glasgow schoolboys went into a doctor's consulting to avail themselves of the*
These become the per-io quisites of tin servants, who, as can lx* well imagined, do very well out of a Court dinner.
another great nat->n in South Africa.
When dealing with nuch new nations water before applying we must not repeat the mistake made ! ui the Ca.se vf America, and we should grant reasonable concessions io the different parta of a great united empire.
room
„	, .	corpora-
tion s offer of free revaccin it ion. Af. ter the operation was complete !
The* Kaiser has made it a ne\vt fash- I iiUlo follow was asked to give his I am not certain as to the best way, ion in Germany for host and hostess I name’ ftnd th3 answer came back:
I'C: a 2 It	1 I
two years old and cut back at least| Th one-third to one-half of the
PRUNING CURRANT BUSHES.
a
ma maul
VERY LIKELY
guests a re supposed to arrive at now I least twenty minutes before the din-
Wife—I somehow just feel in my bones that wo will go to Europe this growth each year, at any time when summer.
Hu band—In which bone do you feel it most?
Wife—Well. 1 don't exactly know, but I guess it’s my wishbone.
Hillard's I inimrnt Cures Colds, etc.
Boiling 1001b. of raw fowl reduce^ it to 801b, rolling it to 751b.
.. _ MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY.
AVENUE HüuSI-e.ra^î^a;
IW dAJ.
'i’lb. of American flour will ma ken as much bread as 81b of English flour.
Hinard's Liniment fares Distemper.
lb nt may bo sued for on the day following tho ono on which it is due.
Mi yard’s Liniment Cures Garget it) Cows.
France pays Great Britain $500.000
a >Par for lha use of submarine
cables.
/
/
ONE HALF
ner is served. The actual banquet the bush is dormant, either late in does not last long.
Esssa eiEess
ner there U no great shock to the income every year by selling tho leav-Taking bref as worth 100 as food, | plant and it makes a stocky stiff up- Jnffs from rhv Kaiser’s feasts. He
i(. „« «.... MI fWUki,, ......Mv,. A Biïd'L'ÏÏ”:
mg a chance to get more plants on cure bottles of Imperial wine and: dean acre.	lioacies from the table, a source of
It keeps the hush more compact and income that, if true, can be well im-fruit shaded. It extends the season ngined as being peculiarly lucra-of picking, increases size and helps to live, keep the fruit up and out of tho dirt
A plant left to itself will grow long I DENTISTS MUST BE CAREFUL*
-TO-
ONE FIFTH
original prices. NO HOME is complete without a piano or organ, and on the above offer no one need be without one.
Thos. W. Payne, of Bathurst,
saved
(he life of a valuable horse that the
O.NEWCOMBE&CO.,
107-9 Church Ot., Toronto
110
Australia. 20 times larger than the whole of the British Lies, has a population smaller than that of London.
' ..THE..
Canada
Permanent
I
14.000 oysters go to a ton
INFLEXIBLE JUSTICE
A man in my profession, remarked the dentist, must be careful in svlect-
What kind of man is Jipp^y He’s this kind. If
CEYLON AND INDIA TEA
you invited him
ing his assistants.	to dine with you and hot lost hi>
I shouldn’t think they had much to brelli at your house he'd make
) [ do with it, said the listener.	' *or
Well, they have, continued the dentist. I remember I had one rnce who had been working in a photographer's J gallery, and the first patient ho had to handle was tho most nervous old
a^H	never
British Grown tea is uncolorcd and cleanly. It is machine- i,bout wbat hc Wl« e°'“>e to do. and
i	. -	,	... r.niir	simply told him to arrange the pa-
rolled and contains no adulterants. Neither JAPAN nor tient in th> chair. lie did it, and
then he said, as he stepped away,
"Now look «pleasant.’ fellow rushed out and never came back.
urn
you
And WESTERN CANADA Mortgage Corporation.
GREEN OR BLACK.
Don’t Forget the Facts.
SITINGS DIPiEUm.
pi and upwa-ds received on deposit. 0)1 Interest paid cr compound Ol y ed half-yearly at..................H#2/o

CHINA teas possess these characteristics.
cutty,
$ioo
w.th half-yearly coupon*attached A /
for inlercet at..............
And I hi old
SALADA
5J Caylon Toas ara sold In se-led lead packets only, never In
ced Ceylon Green. Sample on application**' AddretsSALAD* 'Toronto.**"
66
Five tons of boot is the usual crop to the aero in Russia, 9 in Germ ny, and 10 to 12 in England.
Toronto Street, - TORONTO
»

!
###PAGE###3###

»
"^dllllpEEï MW-—r-...-..
to the land with a view of convert-
?
+»
»
[il IEMT OLD MfiLtSD
move

:
#?
WHAT TO GIVE AN INVALID
ipprteiaip* a present of fruit, writes I correspondent. The great desire of
iwl LjLo”a'Thmiîr ’wtinî’ÎÜL Vul'i'1 WIlle” ®.dr.dd' toeoV«i?efi“upI tog dlfferuit eyulituonU coot.i.-l ONK THING AT a TIME
-—-..............
»f their nourishing powur by appear- IKiraKU« can bo easily pierced with a W hat wo need Ls to discover if him > 1 * ’ 111/1 ny pluses of the sub- spvction of the targets showed that ¦ore!y tried by a long illness, is now In; with wearisome frenumev \ fli,vpr f(>rk, lhen add ono teaspoon i» deficient in the land. How are we Kt <»f poultry keeping at the mime fcvery target liad been hit, and in one practically Idled.
nppn |.ii,ite present fur a flickruiui. mk| lron-îust, mildew, grease and le»i we aie vers d un vegi .iiiv* in not rjgy ]y Ba|4j t(>	^	^	as soon as possible. They had enrolled I/ord Salisbury has now been Fre-
SoLiO of the money spent In sugar 6100,1 *bould be removed before the dications of scarcity of lime, may or factory working krw.wl <lgv of thv do tbem3el™*> ho 8ai<1' f,>r the purpose mier for 12 years 149 days longer lor jellies might very advantageous- ?ït,rlw\ <lr® Pul int® thti wash m may not contain a fair quantity of notary things in puultr, culture. of.,)ro.l(,< l,u!K and property from than any other Minister since the
mm	bee
convrletcent a new idea of the value Inuring boiling water through himself without calling in the profes- n i jvnsr nnmn	be pcoud to shake the hand of any in the Commonwealth are said to
.............................................................................................— „
and well mixed together, and a few I FREE STATE BURGHERS WEARING after their own discipline themselves. a£a*n become associated with his old
BRITISH UNIFORM. (For the sake of thebr own honour ^gtment, the King# Own ltoyal Lan
they should ‘themselves stamp out cu®^L‘r
remain n few minutes until the fab- cooled, and put into a tumbler. I>et I Their t'olener* speech.	>lu0,j aad felt sure they "orHd con
lie is thoroughly saturated, then rt then be thoroughly now*! with wa- A correspondent write* from duct'themselves like men Upon the
I53ÜHI mmm mmm;~ mwm
îlrü"»»SX «‘ïî.’S'rlï	T,'-" «- - -rpri». .... »««	e.,.™ M„.	% % ‘ÎÜSS 3
of salts, find at the same time keep conlra»U. It reminded one irresistibly	'	| Dim were driven out.
....	...	..... the mixture stirred. If the mixture of F^gypf, where Dervish Sou I
If the ink has dried, dip it in sour (hen effervesce fairly briskly it may prisoners taken at one fight were en-	THE NEW DRILL BOOK.	Rev. Frederick Wilson Cooper the
......... Emu;	...-~-™~........- ="%%%%
effervescence, it may be taken that Considering the loud protestations on v. .	..	.	. ...	, a year—for tho wry remarkable rea-
^	......	the land la deficient in lime. The the part of a portion of the enemy .	. *actlc* an<1 haUk . dnI1 that u 13 to°	Ile regards
SIS
Bred in sugar, will not be relished by Greu c nI 0il SLains-Cover the	dr,) 1UJ*j * f110™ pr?*,lA?ttJlJ were« unmistakable either as regards targets, and the ammunition wag- vatc bank account and the £1000
B	.= =5SS- - ^ ~ rrzz
rants are supposed to be specially ap- Blood Stains.--Soak about an hour ll0063 ,n the Land, 2, by facilitating I on their horses, an t expert in the I he revised system Is to halt the gun
propriate for sickness ; out if they in tepid water to which borax has t6a decomposition of vegetable fibre handling of their rifles, Unpresged under cover, and quietly transport it m08t 1>0pul ir of ,hc cast-end clergy,
ErèSSr^	ESSSS ESISShe
ill flavor will give sent to the appe- ler*	proves the quality and product of an offensive warfare against their of life in our field artillery, as a com- church will pay us for our work and
litc.and flee ms to mtmrt one on the	?	grassland. Personally, we have seen formpr compatriots but to protect P^rison of the casualties between the allow the payment to go to our little
high road to health. I have always dut- THE AMEER OF AFGHANISTAN. M a ™]ât of Pasture well dressed	from minmlers T?1DK ai?d later BtaffCS of l,hn° w?r church °r St- Cuthbort here, in Milled the beginning of a recovery from	_	where local «ton,*, l.me atone, had been	,,n<1 Pr0Peity Dorn marauders w1r amply demonstrate. To the wall, we will give them a thorough
a wearisome Mums with the gift of „...... fsi Dlinhllll. MllP,rllr of niJ “fg1 to melal thv rmds, the marked and robbers.”	present it has always been the rule spring cleaning, 1 have some thirty
' -  	«««r.	%•„aaazia
lu the fact tb it I had never tasted Since the publication of the bio- dressing was put on, and years after The scene I witnessed took place is to be altered to save life. Four own hearts' content and that of their dried elderberries before Their ptcu- graphy of the Ameer of Afghanistan "h-n tho same field was turned into some few miles south of this place, 111011 wor^ upon a gun, exclusive of wealthier friendi in the common liar »ild flavor was delightfully rem- ,he British tndian Government baa hra.bJ,,|'and ,bc 8a=* mark to 30 incb where the Blc mfuntein Company of I lbe(..N°- ! a,ands	fui,lb' and ?ril|,d“ it Rladly for the
in^byways'T o^e"™rd\he Vck-1 kept 1 "'alcbful rye /m. bU doin«8' as “fo we’t with road mortar or scrap- th«- Burgher Corps of the South ,llly superintend*. No* 'caponsThe	believe, whh	tho ’exp^ncnce I have
ly daughter of wealthy parents do- -everal recent acts of his have thrown iagis, undruined Land its application African Constabulary were inspected breach.	No. 4	inserts	the charge,	acquired, I can	now bees-wax	and
claie that she would like to be poor, doubts on the sincerity of his de- M* mischievous; also immediately be- by Colonel It. Ridley, commanding the The8e duties of	these numbers only	polish a floor or	varnish chairs,	with
msmumsh^
candied or braudied would, if repro- { dj Finance Minister has, how-1 ^	¦ «“d th« condition | to ilitS entire satisfaction, and at last
ilEEMEàP miêm bh™
thing new and pleasant to think	+	appLjc.atioin to these soils, what little ganized the three companies of which
about. This is best achieved by thv	fertility Is already present may be I have spoken. The burgher companies
temporary loan of a baby. A ten- EARLY TRAINING. exhausted.	are enrolled and stationed in their
minute call from a nice baby is a wel- . .....	. v	.	.	«h»	nHm, , T,he turnip crop is rendered more own districts. They patrol the coun-
come event in the monotony of a sick A llllIe boy v%cnt h01110 160 otll( r Bulky, freer from disease, finger-and- try round and bring m excellent reroom. The «m ill guest is so utterly day weep ng bitterly and looking toa; liim-e gives heavier crops of wheat ports. The Kroonstad and the Hrand-11 n a ware that there is anything de- much the worse for wear.	and barley; barley especially comes furt companies have both been en-
jr“s.s?«!"S5^ïi“:2"duV	"•	1,1 *”"• -
this is the best of all possible worlds,	so bruised, Come to mamma, which contain lim- in structure
that his mere presence is a tonic. He a«d Jel} h?r a11 ahou,t ..	, aLso benefited by its application. Peas
has no solicitudes, no csrking anxie- / } , 1 x?vvr cross tho road, acquire in this way good boiling prolies, nu ambition, except to have ¦ PM» with Mrs. Ilowes little g.rl pert,es
1 — boo-hoo-oo-oo.
And did she hurt you like this?
Y-y-y.yeS.
Well, that was very naughty of What did bhc do to little Geor-
rasi
targets which had been erected at the
* hero are 10,000 policemen in I/<m-don, 0,000 in Far is, and 5.00J in lier-
i
>
id Lie
^•ir Archibald Hunter, since his arrival home from South Africa
have never tasted grape-fruit—-the blind dock, as it in called in some) kettle parts i>{ the south; and yet if it could
not lie obtained otherwise, it WOttidMflf water through the sift
bts worth while to be ill for l be sake	Grass Stains.—They are difficult to ! ami ppwdered pretty finely
of getting one's bands on a inagoi- remove. Boiling water has no effect, this he burnt tu ashes at a low, red
«cent «pecimen, with its orange shape Dip them in moiasees, Idling tbvm hoat and lemon complexion, and never-wearying flavor
Bananas lequire to le eaten with
has
To a and CiWfao Stains.-Turn toil
ounces of the dried soil then taken
il
Let
The total number of women ovor 18
a
years old employed in tho factories
and workshops, of the British Islands is about 500,000, of whom 11 per cent, belong to trade unions.
I>r. Mantle, of Halifax, has been
an iron t.hovel over the fire,
Of
md ath-
und nuts are of course inadmissible
Figs a re less valu^ole than fresh, I <lip in milk, and let it «oak for two juicy fruit.	hours. Then wash in clean, warm
Of home-grown fruits, the moat | water, welcome to au invalid are those which are not grown on his or her farm. The flavor of raspberries,either fresh or canned, red ir black, is fc«* well known that a gift of this fi uit it no treat
itiipio unless sugared into mdigest ttill y A jar of
Very unusual is the action of the
tnese
in clear, warm water
Iron-rust Stains.—Draw the spot Si raw bernes Lfv I over a board bo that it will lie smooth,
•IV
la
!
The Rev. Richard Free, one of the
And I
INSTINCTS OF HORSES IN BATTLE
Arabian horses manifest remarkable courage in bat le. It is said that
_	_	,	, ficient strength. Hat, if, on the oih-
casualty lists, and the subsequent er hand, the rider is wounded and valor of the men when allowed to falls to the ground, the faithful ani-take cover while inactive.	I mal rem tins bvdde him, unmindful
of danger, neighing until assistance us brought.
he came to the conclusion that their
ENGLISH LANGUAGE IN G HR
MANY
NEGRO PROGRESS
The German Emperor has ordered
'The negro of to-day is no longer
maid
Uk3 <	ry teaching of the Epg
lish language in tho German high | the negro of forty years go
a coloured member of Congress in an
schools; and the study of French
which hitherto his been con ory f addre s it Washington lately. ‘Since is made optional
significant of the increasing importance of the English-speaking [copies in the world's affairs, and
especially in commerce and industry, t groes own school property to the which makes some knowledge of the value of £2,401),00), Church property English language indispensable to to the value oi, £8,(X)0,O0J. farm and members of the great trading nations j household property to the valua of
£	1,030,000 and personal property to
the value of £34,000,003. Thin despite lynchings, burnings, disenfranchisement, and the closed door of the white man's house.’1
The change is 18GU his illiteracy has decreased by 45
tion, in which they lost two of their number killed, but killed three of the enemy and wounded five. The Brand-fort commando the other day went out and laid a trap for a Boer patrol, and succeeded in bringing in four prisoners, of whom three were wounded. They may, therefore, justly claim to have proved their value on the field.
per cent. His race now includes 2,003 lawyers and as many physicians. Ne-
tt re
good time, and if possible to insert his toe in his mouth. He is really an ideal person to call on the sick, because he is always cheerful, never fulsomely sympathetic, and very unwilling to stay too long.
HOW TO GROW SUGAR BEETS
Rich ground, a good stand and prompt attention at the right time, will insure good profits from the beet crop. Ground cannot be too rich for beets. Feed lots, second or third blue-
better still, man-
hcr
AN ASSASSIN'S FATE.
gief
A UNIQUE INSPECTION.
The inspection of the Bloemfontein company was held in the afternoon.
The programme was first of all a regular inspection, followed by a field played such dangerous symptoms that day, where the burghers were to our-1
pk	1	St
poor in sugar, and a light crop. You fieer who some mouths a, nee had been opvning turning on a pivot. No visi-,	. . . .	. . cannot prepare the ground too well, fighting them with desperate energy tors ure permitted entrance, and
spoons flour, three or four eggs, three In a barrack-room which boasted of Generally a much better seed bed can was some thing out of the ordinary.	even	doctors	are	excluded.	These
dessertspoons sugar all beaten to- only one looking-glass, three soldiers he prepared by double disking the Behind the burghers 'y-i •• ranged tic	9evcre	regulations	are	due to Luc-
•M toffarffs - “111 - -	SSSsSt ,hm"to
e wo eus aras.	One of them made a very bad job tnre, but thoroughly fit and plant as company trooped off into the veldt in
Gingerbread.—A large family of lov- of his shaving, and was found fault fast as plowed while the ground is sections, to carry out the rest of the era of good gingerbread will appre- with on parade by his company officer fresh and moist to the surface; this programme. Some two miles ahead a
mmm	wmm
•asszssz	s&B$âs
thoroughly clean the plants of grit, Ran t let it occur again, said the j important.	sections, of which the right and left
parbnjj iQ rolled water, then drain officer, frying to suppress a smile. Beql reauJU arc obtained bjr plant- galloped like mad on each gideq# the
Lucchini, the assassin of tho Empress Elizabeth, now undergoing a life sentence in Geneva, has again clis-
Sh-sh-she knocked me down, nn-nn'and then she hit me wi-wi-with a brick, and pounded ino wi-with a broomstick
Oh, dear! what a terrible child! grass pasture
eggs, one and » halt cup* sugar, half xvhut were you^dolug when' thiThap- Broun,d C0Ver“1 w*tb barnytird cup butter, half cup milk, half cup pened?	Uro' aro exccNent for beet# |
cornstarch, one and a half cups flour Pl-pl-playin’ wc was married.	stand is essential to rich beets and
and one teaspoon baking powder.	m	, a large yield. A thin and
Flavor to suit the taste and bake	stand means large overgrown beets
very carefully.
Delicate Custard.—Three dessert-
4,000 HORSES OUT OB' WORK.
The corporation of Glasgow having adopted electric in place of horse traction for its extensive tramway services, and the change from one service to the other being now almost
complete, is making arrangements for disposing of its entire tramway stud. It will commence next month to dispose of 4,003 horses and also a number of tramway cars. In view of the success which has attended the efforts of some thousands of tram and omnibus horses in South Africa, it is anticipated that a large proportion of Glasgow’s faithful dobbins will find their way into the ranks.
TESTED RECIPES
a
Vanity Cake.—The white of six

court has sentenced him to
A good
uneven
WHY IIB WASN'T SHAVED.

SENSIBLE PIANOS FOR CHILDREN
• i
Half-size pianos are made on the Continent for the use of children who
England has 1,150,000 lawsuits s are learning to play. Doctors declare year; Scotland, 75,000; Germany, 3,-that much permanent injury is done 239.000; Italy, 1,590,000; France* 7i)8.-to the muscles of the fingers, by en- 000.
deavouring to stretch an octave or India absorbs gold and silver at the
the new pianos are made rate of fi million! .*#cr\ir.g a year.
more, so
with the keys half the usual width Most of thfc 1*	qt mads into
order to prevent	injuryjg^^^^ggggggMNg^^^^^gg
arnica %

###PAGE###4###


n ;i


-> -‘.i





sfS--
Sark-
THE EQUITY.
NOTICE.
oooooooIF YOU NEED ANY PAINTSooooooo ^ASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
69
To the tyembers of the Co. Orange Lodge of Pontiac :
^	„ XT	,, THE SEMI ANNUAL MEETING of the
The City of Albany, N.Y., experienced County Orange Lodge will be held In the
troublous time, lut week in oon.equer.ee	» JV:N K?u t'heLu" oTLmZtk, -
of the riots that were due to the gigantic 1 p. m. AU membre are expected to bo J V strike that wai inat'tutd there tome I Presôn^ days ago. The military had to be called out to quell the disturbances, and several citizens are reported to have been killed in the fighting that took place.
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLB
; Ladysmith Cash Store
SHAWVILLE, MAY 23, 1901
fl
-)
te
8
w
Is the place for you to buy everything you need. We sell at lowest prices for cash, and pay best prices for •. .. Farm Produce.............
Tudhope
p
hi
id
Signed, by order Shawvllle, ttrd May, 1901.
o
H
O
For
8

Carriages
NEAT-FITTING
M
People say our Dross Goode ore the hast. They are fancy and stylish.
Ladles* Drosses and Men's Suita, in up to date sty I made to order. Customers can have their choice from our extra good Scotch Tweeds ami Serges. We guar an tee our make to be Unit-class.
Our Medicine Department is complete. We only keep good, fresh, pure medicines, sure to euro, for Luvtio’s & Puschek's medicines are known world-wide. Their name on a remedy is a guarantee of high class and purity.
Our ntook of Boots and Shoes will lie sold at from 2.1 to fiO per cent below retail price, to make room for new slock.

ti
A Parliamentary correspondent writing of Mr. B )i-doil gays. —Tho session is now practically over and having during the session closely observed Mr. Borden the Leader of the opposition 1 can soy with authority that he has filled the till, lie has led his party with great judgement and tact. Comparatively new to politics, absolutely new to the responsible position of loader, he has made no mistakes. Ho has held the reins with a light but a firm hand. In debate he is more than a match for any man on the other side. Ho is always even when hitting hard courteous and respecting himself, he challenges the respect of all. His readiness is equal to his logical power which is of a very high order. 1 believe ho has only to become known to the people to impress them as deeply as he has ini pressed the House,
p.
WELL-MADE
les
td
%
M
ARE THE MOST RELIABLE FOR MANY REASONS:
??CLOTHING
C/l
H
M
MCDONALD t BHH
1

O
o
They are all finished with the latest improvements : Thousand-mile axles ; Bailey body loops ; roller curtains, and roller rub irons. The material is guaranted to be the best that money can buy, and the workmanship superior.
H
“ THE 2 TAILORS”
Main Street, ShawviUe.
01
K
o
J. F. C R O N A U .
P. S.—Don’t forget that we guarantee our goods to be new and up to date.
BUY FROM US AND SAVE MONEY. I §
1 O
ooooooflaHX JS22 EJb "ûVHO'aO eJ T000000
o
%
o
o
For Sale,
Improved Chester White Pigs.
o
I
o
o
5
# e
5
Apply to
11. T. McDOWELL,
Simwville. Que. T. S.-These pigs are pure brad and van be registered if desired
C

They don’t Cost any more than inferior Carriages and are fully Guaranteed.
1901
1901
FOR
As will be aeon by the perusa’ of the list of railway subsidies granted ly the Dominion Government, which appear in another column, Mr. Beemer has secured a subsidy for the proposed branch of the 1\ P. J. Railway from Shawville to Pembroke, for the construction of which amendments to the charter were obtained last year. This should place the building of this branch within the range of human probability within a reasonable time if the company will only take it into its head to get down to business. It is a long time now—much too long—since anything has been done towards tecuring a western connection for our railway, and as a result business development has been naturally hampered, ai compared with the strides that have been made
in this connection in others parts of the T	1
country. On this account the railwny	** wA V
itself undoubtedly has been a loser to a	OÇl 3* 1
very Urge extent, because it is patent to everyone that a great stimulus to traffic
must be the natural complement of a lire Sired by the Champion Trotting Stallion which has such an important advantage in its favor in point of the distance that its construction would save to the shipper
or to the travelling public. The proper - Lord Velvo will make thi m begin-
-‘r* 'T'T	"ÏSiîf£££¦•*Which we guarantee will produce 36 to 378-lb.
IZ Xibttr ,’h!iZ jgWSSafSS. pans of beautiful flaky, white bread? If you are
be had between Pembroke and tht | 'l&-ednV!day/' nwn at Foresters Falls, using a POOF flOUT C0mp£U*6 results aild JOU Will
pay the difference in price every time.
Used by local and city Bakers
OR
Carriage Painting
OREMOST
URNITURE.
SMART & SMITH
i
and
Sign Writing
¦ ¦ ¦
W ar meeting your demand for ch \ ) dium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.......................
me-
T It Y
JHE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
FARMERS I
call and inspect our
Binders
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply J—v-L KJy because it's 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheap-	TV/TATTTATin
er than our	-LVLU W Ü
5
LAWTON
We have alaoa first-class assortment of
Shop - - Smiley’s Block, SHAWVILLE.
PERSONAL ATTENTION
CHAR0R8 MOI) Kit A TB. SATISFACTION U17ARANTBKD
TERMS R1SAS0NAHLK.
O
SHAWVILLE
J. GRAHAM
9
I
Standard Bred and Registered
of Canada, the GREAT GENEVA
8,343, Race Record, 2.11). Trial 2.08. Dam Velveteen, 2.31).
‘‘Gold Medal” Brand,
and
Rakes.
We have also Buggies, Express Wagons, Harness, Churns.
_Special Prices in 5-barrai lots.i McRAE & McGUIRE
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO. I
Capital, and it resma to ua the company nightat Got	. „
,	. , .	... Thursday, noon at Haley s Station, uiirht
will be warring against its own mtere&ts, at Renfrew
if they do not push it through with energy and despatch.

Friday, noon at Sand Point, night at Bristol.
Saturday, at Shaw rills.
TERMS Service fee #10.00, payable at time of service, with privilege of return if horse is our property.
9
The 24rli of May will be a legal holiday ^ven if the Governor-General has to come
«sent t**th“'VHoriaDay	I A LBERT MORRIS Gmomrod Uoltotor
Sir Wilfred Laurier made that announcement in the house last Wednesday in answer to a question by Dr. Horsey.
The premier said that it was hop;d that par lament would be prorogued before 24th, in which event the bill would re ceive the royal assent along with the others passed during the session. But if not, it was the intention of the government to ask His Excellency to give the royal assent to that bill, so that in any event the 24th May will be a legal holiday.
THE MARKETS.
Here it is ! The Place
Farmers, Attention 1
NEW
GOODS
For Sale I
80,000 feet of
LUMBER.
SHAWVILLE.
THE McCORMICK
Wheat, (standard) 70 to 75c Oats per bushel, 28 to 200. Pease per bushel, 60c.. Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. Eggs, per dozen, 10c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c.
HARVESTING
MACHINERY
NEW
GOODS
IS SECOND TO NONE IN THE WORLD.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in i Tin, Agate and En-1 amelled Ware.
O
Wool, per pound, 15 to 10c
Will be sold in any quantity to suit pur chasers. The above lumber is composed 1 Pelts, each, 00to 75c of inch pine and hemlock ; 2 inch elm Hides, $4.50 to 4$.76, plank, 2x4 scantling and 2 x 8 joists.
We have also for sale Twenty Village Lots fronting on Norway Bay.
Apply to E. GRAHAM.
or VVM. GRAHAM,
I am prepared to supply the same to the farmers of Pontiac on reasonable terms, and also to furnish REPAIRS, which will always he kept on hand, thus avoiding delay in having to send away for them.
tr Horses taken in exchange for Machinery.
The Bell Telephone Company
The people have scored a victory the Bell Telephone Company through the Senate. In the committee the Cumany gained a point and had an amendment placed in the bill greatly to its advantage. But Senator Miller and the majority of the Senate voted down tue amendment and were prepared to vote amendments to the bill which would surely plaça the ratis under the control of the Governor General in Council. In the act of 1802 there is a clause which enacts this but as machinery is provided for carrying it out it is a dead letter. Miller’s amendment would have given a private person the power to recover any charge in excess of rates fixed by the Governor General in Council. He was sure to have a majority. The Bell Telephone Company therefore retired
withdrew the bill. There could not be a better instance of the usefulness of a body like the senate independent of political leaders and not having voters or elections to face.
NOW OPENING OUT
AT-
over
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each
JJ; Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S
CORNERS.
OTTAWA
ALF. HOWARD, Eavetroughing,
Roofing and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
Butter, print, 19c. per lb.
“ palls. 16 to 18c. per lb, Eggs, fresh, 12c. per cox. Potatoes, 40 to 45c. per bag. Apples. $3.00 to $6.00 per bbl. Lamb, 0 to 0c. per lb.
Mutton, 7 to9c. per lb.
Beef, 5 to 8c. per lb.
Pork. $8.00 to #V.2â per 100. Chickens, 60 to 90c. a pair. Oats, 36 to 37c. per bushel. Hay, $9.00 to $12.00 per ton. Wool, 14 to 16c. per lb.
Elm.side, Quo
Ar.BNT FOR
The McCormick Harvesting Machine Company
ALSO FOR
Organs, Pianos and Sowing Machines.
Notice.
Gome and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
The rate payers of Shaw ville are hereby notified to pay into my hands on or before the 1st day of June their Bonus and Road Labor tax for year 1901.
J. R. HORNER,
Sec y Treasurer rs.‘ B. —I may be found with mv Collec
Mon Roll at the residence of Mr. John M
Hodgins every Saturday.
. . 1901 . .
THU THOROUGH BRED STALUON
DALE BROS.,
GOLD FOX
from the contest and
ShawviUe.
Silas Young.
which tends to retard the pacification of South Africa.
“ It if said that Gen. Botha
About Whales
Will stand for the !
Hotel, Renfrew, Unt.
ssstr&rsraF.	BESEÆrftiEg
mounted messenger to Gen. Kitchener	channel.	escapes, etc., at owner’s risk.
e.«yse «5	*«.	, ess?* tr ar s j gtii&ASBS56
*.s graduai y tilling, tl e mines aie reoper- lady mtnto will brad scheme to mark eteimer Princess Louise brought down	j Glencoe, etc., etc.	He traces to 21st	d mi
Mg, and arrangements are making for the \ last resting places of Canadians in ! from the north a story of an exciting ; by Layton *	Barb Mare.	Gold	Fox's	of!
reorganization of the government of the j	south Africa.	« adventure between s,me of the members %prmg were among the best at Toronto
tCmu*	, Lidy Minto intends taking up the of the construction party and a number pri*c8. One JohrT Culll
There-opening of the Kaffir circus question of erecting memorial tablets of whales. The incident is related upon in New York for $2,000. others nbouthl would have at least one goo I result— over the graves of Canadian soldiers who I the authority cf Supt. Charles on, who is $1,000 mark.	11
it would engross the attention of the have fallen in Siuth Africa. CspLGraham* in charge of the telegraph builders.—
capitalist class and allow it less leisure A. D. C. writing to the Journal in When the whales were spied near the head for meddling in the government of the connection with the above says the public of Work channel, two Peterboro canoes New Br.tish colonies.	will not however bo appealed to fur this ' were launched and the men afl at coru-
I	I Milner s recent purpose until tho country is quieter and( menced to shoot the giant fishes,	—
appointments in the Transvaal have ex-	more settled. The graves are maiked and	, who were huddled in	the narrow chin-	A general strike of	the Order o
much entcbm. I he eight powerful	identified, but Lord Roberts has express-j ne*. The whales are	reported to have	Machinists is now on	throughout the
group CApit* »^ hare 1 «en represented	ed the opinion that nothing furtherihould	turned on the canoes and smashed ono to	country, the men demand a 12A forcent
too coDFpicuousIy in thoee appointments,	be done in the matter until the clos» of	atoms. The hunters	were rescued by I	increase in wages and a	nine hours' day
and feeling of distrust has been created, the war.	j their companions.	| About 50,000 workmen »t* ath d
reason ut Bonnechere

P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
Tenders Wanted.
FRESH and CURED
MEATS
Tenders will be received up to the 25th of May for the erection of a school house In Lower Litchfield. ITan and specifications can be seen at the office of the Secretary. The commissioners do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or spy tender. Tenders to be addressed to the Secretary ¦¦§¦¦¦WÊÊ¦¦
of all kinds at
PETER Me LEAN, Secretary, Bryson, Que
THE SHAWVILLE
W|eat Market
J. fl. McGUIRE,
ALLAN CARSWELL,
April 3tb, 1901
Renfrew, Ont
Tales ot Sir Alfred
Bull for Sale.
A 2 year old thoroughbred Ayrshi sale. Reasonable terms.
HUGH N. BROWNI.EE,
7th Line, Radford.
re Bull
for
ProDrietor.

###PAGE###5###












r



i

THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
Ko me.
24th of IHjay
I.O.F
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISH RT> KVSRT THOnSDAT
AT BII AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
8UÊ9C*IPTI0H-$1.00 4 YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrow-sites are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.



Meets the 4M» Wed nee day of every month.
i I Court dueemuatbe paid / promptly every month.
L.B.C
Vlsltln* brethren cordially Invited.
H. SL Da nu ITT, F.B
f. A. Cowan, R 3.
Joan II&ckktt. C. II.*
o
ADVERTIëlNü UATE.1
HAWV7LLE HAVING- PARLOR,
JOIjN S^ITIj, Proprietor.
s
Tvegal advertising. eight cents per lino for first Insertion and four cents per lino for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $4.00 per year.
IxxmiI announcements Inserted at the rate of five cent* per line for first Insertion ami three cents for subsequent Insertion*
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at lot? rate* which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will |»« Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry th seats per line.
The Celebrated
McLaughlin Carriages
Now in Stock.
i:
«IK Î3 ::::::
at
The npot for —
A K amnion a hlk Hair Cut,
(iOOD SUAMPOO, Oil
A Cl*an Shavs
T^e C. F. Ijodgins Departmental Store.
Your Turn next.
ALL STYLES ALL PRICES
rue
o
GIMaltai,
We are simply crowded with THE PRETTIEST NOVELTIES IN
JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
These Carriages stand unrivalled for Finish, Workmanship or quality of Material used.
At the Paris Exposition last year the McLaughlin Carriages were awarded the Silver Medal—the highest honor attainable in their class, and the whole exhibit was sold in Paris, proving that for real merit these goods are on top.
JOHN A. COWAN
sad
Publisher
JEWELLER
Ladies’ Belts and Buckles,
Ladies’ Fancy Silk and Kiel Gloves,
Ladies’ Novelty Ties and Collars,
Ladies’ Colored Underskirts,
Ladies’ Fancy Figured Brilliantine Outer Skirts, Ladies’ Fancy and Plain Black Hosiery,
Ladies’ lovely Fancy Parasols,
Ladies’ White Underwear,
Ladies’ Summer Vests and Corsets,
Pretty Laces Muslins and Ribbons.

w
Business Cards.

e eers
A fllLBCT STUCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLKItT, SILVERWARE àc. ko.
Rkpairimo—
a Spiubalitt:

m
MEDICAL.

F. M. A. McHaughtoij, B./\., M.0..C.M
.
m.
* GRADUATE OP IfcOlLL UNIVERSITY,*
Office ~Residence of the late Dr. II. H Knox, Shaw ville.
Office hour* -Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoon#.


e #
» a
# #
SHAÎVILLE, 0,
A. SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M
CEO. HYNES,
Just received-A car-load of Chatham waggons The best.
F. T. M. C.
Ondiute of Trinity Uuirerslty, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Kvllowr hy •sami nation of Trinity Hod. College, Toronto. Omoe AMD RcfttDBMna : J. II AnmmunnTii Hoviik,
81IAWVILL1,
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SH A W VILLE, - - QUE.
MAIN STREET
Express and Buggy Wheels
ALL SIZES. BIGHT PBIOBS.
McDOUCALL andCUZNER,
LEGAL.

Low Prices and Good Goods
Make a strong combination. That’s what you can always rely on getting here. Our stock in every department is well assorted . . . and marked close. . . .
BOORBEAD RAINVILLE, L L L
1

ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
WILL VISIT ShAWVILLS EVERY MONDAY
»
T
A large, well-.selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.

WM- GAMBLE,
1
fj V)
4hW
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 20, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
VBce-over O. F. HodglaV Store, Main 81.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive ;xwsonal attendance. Open dav and night.
G.F.HODGINS

GEO. C. WRIGHT,
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
Stray Yearlings.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC ,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
Three yearling cattle »trayed on to the premises of the undersigned. The owner m requested to remove same and pay 50 cents, costs of advertising.
JOSEPH CORBETT,
Bristol Ridge, Que
or THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Trust Building-
P. S.— Barbed Wire, Plaster Paris, Portland Cement.
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa
Three Men Klled
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
J. G. ELLIOTT,
Toronto, May 17.—A Mail special from Little Current aaye that three men nam-Fred. Eaton and Thomas Borne*, of
i 'rfm.; ,“d. üzrÿîaj
explosion m J. H. McMillan’s m il at El Zibith Biy yesterday.
District and Country.
THORNBY NOTES
Land for Veterans
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
ADVOCATE. Ac.,
LAW CHAMBERS }
J
VW\

DEALER IN
AND MANUFACTURER OF ALL KINDS OF
May 16. —The cropping season in this vicinity is nearly over.
Mr*. James Latham presented her hus
At Shawville 3rd Thursday each month. I May 20.—One of those pleasant events hand with a fine baby girl on Thursday,
At request attends Courts In District of. which always creates a lively breeze took May 8th.
gfcgt-ssrsisrs b vWS&flüS: 62	Ss
corresponde w. ___------------I Centre. Weddings aye matters of great Saturday and Sunday.’
importance, cspocialy to the members of Mr. R. Cold and Miss E. Black, who the fairer sex, and the marriage of Mar- have lately returned from Ottawa, are garot R , daughter of tl e îat j Mr. Robert visiting at Quy Armstrong, of Clarendon, to Mr. Alex. Mr. Geo. Blc D. Dewar, of St. .Andrews, Que., was no weeks in Aldfield. exception to ti e rule. The bride was	Miss H A. Armstrong aud Mrs. Jas
SHAWVILLE -	•	-	•	OU 6.1 given away Ly her brother, Mr. J. VV.	Rooney wen* to Ladysmith Saturday.
___________________________—?------ Armstrong. The bridal party entered	p .iD(j 43
Q A MACIf AV API the church to the strains of Mendulssona O. A. MAvlXAY, D.V.L.,, iu Wedding March,” played by Mi88
n0rREUAncI'lo'a/andR^vvLNUSH^ I fdirh Buldy, of Da Ramsay Qae. Miss j Of Interest to Music Lovers. g,. job„, N. B, M.y 17.-On, of the
CO.,OF ONTARIO.	Armstr tig was handsomely gowned in	---- worst fatalities witch La occurred in St.
MONEY TO LOAN on EAsr	terms.	Mue sa tin liueity cloth trimmed With	Lovers of the semi popular so g, with	Johns	in years	happened	this after	noon
BRYSON, -	- QUE.	white Lousine silk, and earned a beauti-	fl0WiD|f melodies and graceful words,	when the 107 foot chimney	of Jevett’ssaw
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Sat- ful bouquet or white rose#, and looked w||j delighted with “May Be,” George Bill »t Millidgeville colapsed, crushing to urday of every week.	| suprelativey charming. The bridesmaid Rosey, and Frank Tannehill, Jr’s, late fc death, with its thousands of bricks, three ,	, UITir omnnmn nninrffTTTf,
wasMias A. Graham of at. Andrews, Que., ^	The le popular wr ter* are well meu and injured three others.	; Three new township# will be establish* d	KAiN STREET, • SHAWVILLE.
nnd Mr.	R E. Armstrong, brother of	„„own u the Lthors of “ Bduvo” and	The dead are:-	in the	Temiscaming	districts	north of	the :	'
r .n®vacrx	a tt/vpiaw¦’¦'O	,	th« Pni.niv i ml®	very »bly supported the groom.	(.^so Late.”	Wm.J. Price.	present	northern	boundary	in response to _
*’d°	h»"8^0/6 SS PbrriU, Mr* Tu%',inj" thu ' Turk,” rl|ii,Sj!;*t bien	‘oovarnméni1
Armitroog. Hilli.rd
hand tor sale;	Office :	Shawville,que.	| friends m	Ladysmith and neighborhood.	New York coon song success.	It is the	Robert Logan.
A Box Social was held at Mr I^aac	composition of Ernest Hogan	and Theo	Henry Codner
Martin s on the 18th inst., proving qui.e Northrop, and is a sure success.	Gn Tuesday repairs to the chimney
-----— j a success financially.	“In the House Too Much Trouble,” were begun, the idea being to replace
Ql TatrrrArrA TToll I, ^r. Myers, Mtistan to Rev. Mr. ^	which has just swept the the brick lining with new. Price, who
WV. Ida, WT8HC9 **a4A| Lntnmis during the summer months, counfcry jn a wave 0f popularity, is now was a mason, had the contract for the
making quite an improvement in t!ie ^	Heelan and Helf’s “He’s Not Wilson ran towards the chimney and was | The Legialstive assembly cf Manitoba
Good Accommodation Table and Bar al-1 Ioo.k of t,ieir premises by the putting up Ooming Home With the Boys,” while crushed. His injuries were terrible, yet j has presented a petition to the Dominion ways well fui niehed.	.1of	„ .	, . ,	... fchuir latest Dutch comedy song, “Ha he lived for three hours.	.government, asking that all duties on
First-class Livery Attached.	| Mr Ed. raitzol is busy excavating for ^ Ha-Lo,” is another winner.	-----?-----—	agricultural implements imported into
the erection of a brick reaidence for the The above publications are issued this	Manitoba Farmer Strikes Oil the province be removed : and that in
Misses Stemke on Mam street.	month by Jos. W. Stern & Co., who are	---- case such action be impossible, that the
Miss A unie Dewar, °; ndre^®» I also agent» for the celebrated S. »S Ste- Morden, Man. May 15 —Theodore ! charged be reduced to not more the guest of Mrs. Armstrong	Banjo# and the George Mandolins Schmidt, whil.t engsged in digging a thsn 6 P®r cent- of lhe wholesale price,
1 RA 1 and Guitars. They will be pleased to send „ell on his farm here, struck 5 ft. of oil. j « charged by manufacturers.
their illustrated catalogue free upon ap- He had only bought the farm from J plication to their main offices, 34 E. 21st Lawrence about six weeks ago for $8,000 Street, New York.
LADYSMITH
MAIN STREET HULL, - QUE
ARE NOT YET SELECTED
Hough and Dressed
Toronto, M»y 13.-The Ontario gov Jb, furn.ci, t.l ju.t been lUrted
emment has decided upon the lands to sbout t’en^ mlnutee when lhe lcc;denl be set apart for the volunteers who occorred
took part in the South African paign and the Fenian raid. The land will be in Nipiseingand will generally run east and west, north of the Mat tawa riv<r, Lake Nippissing and French River. An order-n-council has been passed setting aside the land, but the townships have not yet been selected.
cam
W. W. IRELAND,
Lumber Shingles, &c.
The Canadian Bible Institute, of which Rev. J. A. Macfarlane, M. A , is head, is going to have a summer session at Oliver’s Ferry on the Rideau Lakes.
Daniel Baird of the second line cf Torbolton, near Dunrobin, was k eked by a colt which he was leading to the pasture and died from the injuries.
John Dulmage cf Almonte, who fur twenty-five years has been “ on the road ’ for McCready <& Co. of Montreal, has
been presented with an elegant gold Highest Cash Price paid fop all kind» watch and chain by the firm as an evidence of appreciation of haa service.
;
Clerk of the District Maglstre'e»* Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds Mortgagee, etc., executed legally *ad satis faoiorlly.
on
ack has gone to send a few
PLANING & MATCHING
done to order
Buned in Bums
CUSTOM SAWING
done as cheaply as the cheapest
of sound Log's, Shingle Boite, ôte.
J. J. TURNER,

PATENTS
Toronto, May 1C.—In the auit brought by Mra. La wry of Hamilton, againat Mr r. Tuckett Lawry, for $20,000 for the alienation of her husband's affections, Mr. Juatice Falconbridge this morning heard an application to have the suit dismissed b.cause the statement of claim presented
not disclose reason-
HOTELS.
PROMPTLY SECURED
Write for our interesting books “ Inventor’s Halp" and •• Mow yon ere swindled." Send us a rough sketch or model of your Invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted fy us conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; this qualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patent* as broad as the invention. Highest references furnished.
Patents procured through Marion 6t Marion receive special notice without charge in j
over ioo newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufac-, tarera and Engineers.	,
MARION & MARION j
Patent Experts and Solicitera. .
Office.- f New York Life B Id y, Montreal( unices. < Atlantic Bldg, Washing ton D.C. (
Mrs C. M. McLean,
We
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and DOOM
l
WAS
week
QUYON
Toronto, Mty 14.—Hon. E. J. Davis
ed to » height of o to 10 feet during; the	d A T Mohr- of Buffalo, ere	the chief
who e .fterooon. Rumot, of ga. and o,	jn the compscy. The mU| mu„
eevans	are	  being	m the dt.mc have been current	b.v, . capacity of 60 tone of	pulpptr
leaving town this week. Mien Bell	goes Victoria, B C , May 18.—News has mo me time. As fir beck as loo. c.ay	and must employ 100 men.	It is to
to Depot Harbor And Miss Toevans to been received by the steamer Mosns, of	n*nÎV * P ? ; y ' ‘ ®Ja be completed in a year and co t at leait
Pembroke.	the lea of the «earner Federal off the 0!>-	McCarthy took the matter *,>00,000
Mrs. M. E. O'Meara’» many friends are Au.tralian cnitat during the heavy gale “P.	^at he as prepared to
pleasod to welcome her back to Quyon in March. Thirty-two persons perished, furntih #.;> I ) ar.d a a ge quart: y of.	Wanted 160 Acree
£ tirV -z	, . „
I	a$2ya pzp. "-“s-S-»‘i* «
by the wild dogs and	only a few were | becj.me known, no doubt other welle will	Mr. Thoma>l9outhw.rd, director cf eolo-
identified, iticluniny Capt. Couir and 1 ba.dieco.erad. BeftMeoming to Manitoba niiation, asking for 100 acre. < f land.
Engineer Hill». Fifteen tf the lost tail- Sohu'ldt * w,ller 10 Shepherd a The man a request ta a strange one — ore were married	Cano.	_	Hu lived up there for a couple of yesrs
The .hip Louie Lamont was loet dnr	----*------	and because hi. wife gave birth to the
ing the lame atorm with sixteen tool* Paria, May 16 —It ta stated in connect. hret white child m this district he thinks
sre............ h"rd -1 - Mi it s:nd,r.7.i2S5	>—»
Barone Hawllian Isle waaorerdue and be built, two in France and two in Eng-	the statement of the crown land» agent	wonta*,L	Sold b, . i r.w,o«iw
fear, were entertained	for her, but she I land. It is confidently expected that	and the matter will be brought to the at-	& CQ.36tBree<we,.	|0r|(
strived safely.	|	j I France will subsides the line.	tention of the Minister of Crown Lxnda.	oeœ s» r	et.. Waahteet	n	d.c.

j
We are pleased to five Mr. T. Wright in town again.
J. H. Dunlop of Mickey's is spending a few weeks in Quy Misses M. J. Bell and .1. Te
Mr
48 Persons Were Drowned
—ALL KINDS Of—
on
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
Interior & Eiterior
FINISH FOR
Souses 8c Verandahs
n
MANUFACTURED
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Sc. Sm ,
Kept In stock and made to ordar.
LUMBER DRESSED AT P0FULARFRIUB8
Trade Marks Designs
rvv^^ Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and dwcrlpttoe may quickly aacertaln our opinion free whether an Invention la probably patentable. Column ideation» strictly oonSdentUU. Handbook on Patenta sent free. Oldest agency fur .«ecuring patent*.
Patenta taken through Munn A Co, receive •p-rial fierier, without < hnrtre, in the
• >n a mm
Friday of last week.
Miss F. Wright has severed her business connection* with G. Walsh snd Son. Mr. W. Shelp of Ottawa has secured the situation vacated ly Miss
I Mr. 8 Smith and Mrs. H. Bell of Maryland were m Quyon Thursday of last week.
Where, oh where ! was my little dog

MoCREDIE & HODGINS.
Eitisatai furnished.
Scientific American.
TtN-nw, AS a
The Oorernnient will probably make a grant of #1,600 for the establish nent of a biological laboratory on the Georgian gone
KUHHBMIA
Bay
###PAGE###6###


¦71







X
f
—Sgg
arp nearly three thousand ,)><?ro	.* *	.	.T*!? .nga harder to explain than another unI B and wife, books in exiateaoe dealing with the	Mtwsoul.'In Asia Minor, s maîuwriS	Jxibtod fact-that all the glacier.ot
l our miles off by electric car pass- ancient history of Egypt, amt all	which gives us for the first time a	har0|>e’ <ror” the Alps to the Caucae-
ing the farm is a good market town written within the last hundred and	^U(,1d.(‘”ripti^. «*“" organisation	UitaV'nh“non'eron has heon’going,‘n
vers. "srzxsxrz sra.	s;t.m m st	ir	| üî/z^vt1	r;
Sllro off in hired man’s house, made in the land of the Pharaohs, its	«rday, and that the Liturgy was said	i f£®V“i® uJ **Jf’ hke " U‘8 t0p cd Sta,M* Tb,,t "ar ra,t the Korlh-	,erious jnistake	to imagine that	this
EfEEfZEE ExHFHHE	is?nS“ï EEE:EE-'HrE EE
\\	their	hands	and don	clean	found under piled-up	mounds	of sand	formation was almost the	same as it	hear constantly. Others may, “We <*<we not consider the enormous ex-	if. p is jU6 co]e]y and e,»tirely to
white	suits	umod	only	when	they	o«d	ruins	have	told	us	in	recent	is t(>_day*	shall have rain with the new moon.1’ petite of the pension» which have been	the wonderful ability of 11
:E‘,“	where is the tide born? EESErSlH-	pss
where its poured into a centrifugal Aa an instance,	lout exception, believe in the power fl„t in louml IlumlK,Mi 2,500 million tion,S- This cannot be too highly
of tlie moon. Why, they argue, ‘Mof dollars. The Crimean war stands Prflinsd. Neither must it he imagined the moon can causa a twenty-foot ihj,rd (,n list of comparatively re- . the use of elephants in army toie in the water, should it no cent wars, with a total cost of 1,700	^ not attended by great clisad-
causm a much bigger tide in the airf	njliljloft9<	vantages, not the least of which is
It has been proved beyond any eha-	The littlc affalr in South Africa has	lhe difficulty with which they are
dew of a doubt that more ram falls Ico$t the ltrrtiih, up to <Uto, less than transported. Naturally the elephant on the mu v face of 11m w\rth t ban falls I ome-tejith of what the United States , no* un intelligent animal. Ho can at eome height atxwe it. ror in- I s;>cnt in t hr> four years of its great taught remarkable things in which
When thm nnrih	K.b	K in	n anr*. a run-gaugo on the top of %..i. I osr&l conflict, and less than a third as	strength and endurance play an
• nen the earth	shakes	her hide,	1 aul s cathedral, would show a small- much a, France and Germany pour-	'^portant part. He can never, how-
and incidentally «hatters a	few cities	amount of rainfall in a given time	ed mlt in Uloir flhort struggle.	ever, perform these feats without con-
and kills	a few thousand	people, wo	thnn ? .fff,2ge„r6n1,tll?l lpvfI °[ . * I	^lie present aggregate war debts	tinual attendance and direction. Ab-
S*: F“Ï~	2^SS.îtK’.Xïî,‘MSÏÏ
TTu „	7 C ° t,0n-	| b'.'iuion. They fc-uro up more than 3U,-	however.
" 1 11 hae realI> happened. Has a big	?	I 000 millions of dollars. As there arc	IT IS REMARK ABLE.
ca\ern Home where down In the depths	POOR FELLOW!	nearly 1,500 mt liions of people in the The transportation facilities which
below ua «uddenly fallen ini Some Prisoner at the bar, said a Shef- Iif, ,rSufll|y are provided for tha sole use of the
SHSSSflpS
Sixty years ago all we knew of tu,uinff into steam, and shaking The judge and jury struggled with	i11 ^Ist place, with n total of I . '	ed, however, by admonish-
Notice the happier conditions of the Babylon was what «he Bible told us. thing, up in its effort to escape. One	d«r.f step taken 'to”?
Scientific farmer’s wife. Before she and the ®hort ““d imperfect descrip- P°‘“t only is generally agreed upon, nvCK’ d d ^Acquitted.	close to thin terrible record is that ld,y followed by the others until he
ia up, the cream is in the creamery. tians oI a lew classic authors. To- “that earthquakes proceed from a REINDEER FLESH FOR FOOD I al ttw Orjmcan wur, in which 160,000 stands safely on (ha car. This per-No everlasting tedious slavery to we have the whole history of the concussion or sudden blow delivered	*	I ®,?n k®* * he .f lives, while in the l<>n . ’he task is accomplished com-
-ZÆ s: r r A‘“	"" “F“™=aS'SFH: r::;:: Ep
amelioration of the cow’s destiny Travelling along the hanks of the leaves us just as wise as we were p .	®	g	‘ carded ai dying in batUo and of dis- "hen the car otarts his fear is won-
with the hose. The walls are bright	big sandhills by the river. A few umes that treat of volcanoes that for slaughtering purposes, will be whiich they never fuHy recovered. And “ounesd when he takes his initial
later he obtained permission there are parts at any rate of the	tried. They expect to find pro- doubtless, in thousands of cases r^e' *^er, ley, two months' acquaint-
AI—IA¦......F;H“ 52
fear of the wild Arab tribes, and | ten remain quiet enough to give sci- the article.	[waged. How ranch the world lost hy ceas.M hia efforts when the car has
losing thm services of all these mil- ^aI? C(>me to % standstill. In transitai of «talwart men it is entirely r°rtir?g lhe elephants by sea the dif-inipaisiblm eren to estimate.	ficulties are almost as great. They
Writers on the cost of war csti- are raised by means of a canvas sling mate also that every war of any con- |	lhe whart the ship, etrug-
sequenne directly affects practically gIing	and rending the air
pressure suits I business.	# everybody on earth, on matter how ",ilh lhoir <*Iea. Once aboard ship
ffS mKA	B*
mzm l|p!ElEsSPSSEi|iS§™:f
ÏEB=sdaMa^Ss?5SS£t|SPgB5ÉF
...—
-r«t sr.'z	w&f	s*û
be has it-and ho does!_ I ,Lg	Vi	#tem" comes every day between twelve mid-1 ^ahlj-.	in fourteen months to discern colors mnn	I I I I
s- %zifF'f -" s:“r’X"v.?..rr jsu d .. ™ new	......	st-a
Ports, telephones to his commission m-th - rr	y h ^ 1 1 °’ est Ifc ^ould be a fairly simple mat- Silas Seedlui-Yes. Sho says she's ness, the child being “unable to see" I nineteenth century. Meantime popu-
agent, his customers or the cannery The Medes and Persian, „nn*«r ». Ier t(> MT how the tides would work I i^t^ick an’ tired of oarryia’ water perhaps. This is developing a fac- ^‘on has increased 150 per cent., and
:lsiSr pSEi iESl
=zr......... "	~=	I':rsn-?3™ if B =^i~ I
liü
furniture, a piano, a bicycle, pic- struck oaken beams at a depth of six ger the teieecopj tho more stars will j In Leeds 79 out of every 10.000	ME (*°T THE MONEY.	world whose total cost h is been
f<»r two cenl^ the round trip, in beam. Its timbers were of oak and I ^ mathematically proved that, if the with 37 deaths per 10,000.	ler fhe manner erf small boys.	mately one-third of the increase m
Churchefl and amusements are near, elm. The rivets were still in the Dumber of stars were infinite, the British cattle increased last year What do you want to do with ill indebtedness has been applied to praised be the beneficent trolley ! ??!*' !nd: fro/n their shape, there is	«kyat night would be one blase from 6.795,720 to 0,805,170. Sheep, on a8£d his father.	works of this character. But the fact
There Is a daily delivery of mnil e« 1‘ lle d<>ul,t vlhat l.ho *h|P belonged ? Ilght- ,hls 13 a,fl1uc ,on ^h,ch haa the other hand, decreased by 700,000.	, (#>h*. nothing! responded the boy in- that great wars have compelled the
ccdL J LnllL lr»w	u £ 8°m:„of lh0, ?anish pirate* whom interesting possibilities for those who and pigl by 250.003.	definitely.	.	nations engaged in thorn to nr,ko
I on Sundays, and lhe carrier sells King Alfred defeated ,n a tremend- are not	, The average weight of animals kill- \OXi ,huve plenty of «Pending-money, enormous addition» to their funded in-
Ht amps and money orders, takes let- I battle in the year 894 A.D.	FRIGHTENED BY THE SIZE OF IT. ^ ^or food is to-day nearly 50 per I a?d 1 !>uy yt>u everything you need debt ed ness clearly identifies this
*enx and packages and does errands. . . ' g ,n,,un'ls ®a"ed barrows dot- Talking of stars, reminds us that cent, greater than 6J years ago. Ox- \ °1 ougat to want. Unless there Is | principal factor in thu great increase
ngaslly comfortable by kis mastery of T rTTT ™ nITT ’ Atxr * °D telescopes show us plainly that the ing with his mister nt Bath, was much
¦ms as --
found beautiful bronze weapons, 1 we know positively that water flows tfoe abbey waa to togeb him.
NO TES AND COMMENTS,
AWFUL COST OF WAR.
ELEPHANTS IN BRlTiaH tRMT.
Ompnretl Ullh Farmer airesgles the Dlgfcly rrailed Brigade» fir Uriilsh-llorr Uir line Nil Bren Ex	firlely if Werk.
n,„ .n-«- '» to
=	s « n
oait of earn* of the great war, of the in handling the giant animal, Their lust century, however, this sum Is usefulness (*¦ hardly a drop in the bucket
• vre.il
read Mr. Walter E. Andrew's account in the World's Work of " Actual Rural Independence." Mr. Russell owns eighty acres in a central State, of the Unfo% and runs to dairy products end fruit. He gives $300 a year, and a house to a hired man
There
India can scarcely be imagined by one not familiar
with
cream separator run by power borrowed from the trolley. Touch the 'ever and the motor docs the rest. PrestoÎ there is your cream in the tans and there ia your warm skim so ilk for calf and pig. You hook the cans to a wire carrier which sends
EVERYONE WAS PUZZLED
SOME BIO SECRETS WHICH NATURE
STILL KEEPS.
as to where the Egyptians came from originally. Professor Pi till, one of the most enthusiastic diggers and | or lhe Inferior of the K .rib Which explorers who ever went to Egypt, says there is no longer any doubt.
They cjino from Asia, Up the Rod Sea, and originally from Mesopotamia. He bas dug up in Egypt measures of length which correspond with those of the Babylonians,sun-dried bricks, another Babylonian invention, and seal-
Arc Very Hot-Theortr* e* llie <rh%v
ef lUc Kni Itale-Hystcry of the tttarl Alarm.
them bjr “force of gravity." to the trolley platform. Ah, dreamers of milky herds, did you ever think of getting gravity to move your canal Now a trolley car chaperoning a freight car comes. The cars
the creamer,. Their f.Tto smaU.and ‘ " they come back empty. D. H fortunate Mr. Russell
a peculiarity of the
same people
The
That they camo by sea, he*thinks, .	lS crpdit0(1 !)y also is beyond doubt, for the earliest
T“m7 7 ,6° u Cr6am'	be has discovered have quanli-
«nd on settlement day he receive, a ties « 8latc and ivo fish in them;
check in payment. One thinks of although the absence of fish figures
less scient if.o farmers who used hard-1 in later tombs has been used as an ly to eee any money from year's end to year’s end.
m
f XI
vn
with whitewash and as clean as I ycara
Brock.
and a tank, furnish pure water for the whole outfit.
An automatic wa-
to have fresh I mon‘ th in 0I1(,;‘ he and his party were | 9,11 ists a chance to visit, and poke
almost overwhelmed under
tcror allows each water all the time
cow
WHEN CHEMISTS DISAGREE
about in their craters, they are still HURRICANES OF BURNING SAND. I first-class mysteries. Some say they
The cow’s diet various
if scientific and « regular
grains and ensilage in quantities to I But fJOOD thvy found great walls of I work by steam ; homo? that they are I diam0ind occurred recently. A chem-
A remarkable case of diamcu>d-cut-
chinc-fertilizcd corn.
rides as he chooses
lie is not bow-
ed by tl
burden of his toil.
IH
NATIONAL DEBTS OF THE WORLD
more
Thfy Here Increased From $?,%(*, 00*,**# la I7»3 lo $31,WO,090,0*0 In 10*0.
The recent announcement of.a new
mg
BORN BLIND, NOW CAN SEE.
——	I British loan of $300,000,000 lends >.li-
ne markable fare Wraagbi la Vienaa bj I terest to a statement Just issued re-
Dirte or keller,	I garding the national debts of the
According to a Vienna despatch an I world. This
are
statement shows, in
aggregated more than $30,000.000,000, at the close of the nlne-Ile | teenth century, or ten times as much as in the closing years of the eighteenth century. In 1793, at the beginning of the Napoleonic wars, the national debts of the world amounted to approximately $2,500,000,000; in
Ns Blind, Vienna
Tcleph Air. Russell has
ham and both houses,
c in
LLLM
an
ex-
DU
wa-
tbe
forts.
Papa, x.ippov I was to asset a Tho ®',ti,nate toT <be ordnance fac-highwayman in a lonely street lata I I°r'es, which went up a year ngo by at night.	I more than a mill .^n, has gone up
Yes, my son.	I this year nearly a million pounds
And suppose he should pull out a I more, the exact sum being 4905,000 pistol, and say, Little boy, your money j In wages alone there in an ur your life! what eould I dof
Lord Roberts, who had been stay
me lease
of £4,000 per week.

L

###PAGE###7###
/


,„„m,h„t..wior.b- %%«%W """“• **rt,*.:“V';S K*..ÏÏS.5'«ïï >“"”
with we «et off down the street. Up I noticed in the train as we camo up oiully are frequently heard to boast |lour or more r kp them out niil cc	l**e tieat^ ùt	Lionel	^ W. H.
one thoroughfare and down another from Molbourno. and against whom that they hare gone for days with- them où a hot dish. Draw the gravy Tate' AOD- ** appointment as ord-
£v#C«=esssEsi eehh™
ÿïï«;-,r raJ	t
iMMm g:::':::: &##%## g™ h a
EEsrtSr'E Ei B^53 «HsB
which was a spacious oue for so small correspondcncc Nikola «aid something encyk Lists of food are given that strain	through	a lawn	sieve	«et	it	mcJltfl at Woolwich, IFnfieid, Waltham
a dwelling, was filled with curious in an undertone to Draper, who im- may be eaten without any fear of their over a	slow fire, Stir	it	one	way	un-	ajnd Birmingham.
E&xr “zîarHEHds sm &2=
EEvH K™ 2HHE3~	J EfBH Èæâ EP-- - ™
something that will repay your visit/ sently he found what he wanted, and <*** of preparing them, disprove the mo6t every variety but the potato A ^'hereupon, bidding me seat myself produced what looked like a small old theory that the person wishing large variety of foods is essential
SM'L.ÏTKSJr •sc^‘5: srvssy&i flZK'.Z Sj-r — T. *
turned he began to do the honours of glass a few drops of some dark- 11 0 lc , ugiry and starchy foods the apartment. First we examined a coloured liquid. Having done this he must be avoided, there is an imposing
The Man Who Knows.
EMPIRE’S MILITARY HEWS
»
m
< Amlrnsrd Paragraph# of Interest to He * Stlltlary uimI Civilian — lltw Tommy Alklue Fares In Different Ceuntrles*
CHAPTER III
••\VUr.t you left me, Mr. Hatterss, to Walt Mias Wetherell at Potts Point, 1 remained in the house for half an hour or so reading thinking no harm could possibly como of it, Î started out for a little excursion on my own account. It about hnCf-pnst eleven then.
"Leaving the hotel I made for the ferry and cronsed Darling Harbour to Millers Point; then, «citing myself for a good rain bis, off 1 went through the city, up one street and down ether, to eventually bring up in the botanical gardens. Tbo view was so exquisite that I oat myself down on a sect and resigned myself to rapturous contemplation of it long I remained there I could not possibly say. 1 only know that while I was watching the movements of n-V-wor in the cove below me I became aware, by intuition—for 1 did not lock at him—that I was tho object of close scrutiny by standing some little distance from me. Presently 1 found hi in drawing closer to me, until he came boldly up and seated himself beside me. lie a queer-looking little chap, in some ways not unlike my old tutor Laxter
uitb a shrewd, clean-shaven face, rack of Australian «peurs, nulla-nullns smelt it carefully and then handed it grey hair, bushy eyebrows, and a long and boomerangs, then another con- to me.
ilïïtrtî.T sarÆ S1*:! issr, “J ^	t k .
'	*	' bo flort of alcove where reposed in cases of the result; it is perfectly harmless.' rod out by the average reduction me- f®Qtury is the railroad Great Britain
with some show of education. When a great number of curios collected “Did ever man hear such a cool thod are admitted in this new Eng- * Planning to build from Egypt to I nurDOie’of trahi In» wo bad been sitting side by side for trom the further island» of the Pad- proposition? Very naturally 1 de- h , whi_h *	b | ^	*P P	*
- — - ¦¦ -	"**£SX££lgi.	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
’	of the room opened and some one en-1 ‘Pray do so at once.
' 'it is a beautiful picture have tered,	gH
spread befuro ui, n it not»”	but hearing iho new-comer approach- I wiu not drink It!’ I cried, rising	"	parallel of thirty degrees north lot- Sauna', post, has been appointed t#
.'Aod ”&FAsta'KS.trb * Th.”.r„„,.”“L*>¦ —	-ksk;.1.—- — - -
,	y £ Jll I rt*	with no less a person than Dr. Nikola "Once more thaw eyes grew ter- always barred fluids with meals, but ®inai and Northern Arabia, skirt the r»,ntnln r a \v il-* i f r' lou may well say that/ ho con- Ho was dressed entirely in black, his rible, and once) more that hand began by the nejw plan fluids can be con- «bores of the Persian Gulf, and pass , '	* wiiKinson, 1st invertit) ued. ‘It would be an interesting 1 C(Xlt waa buttoned and displayed all	to make the passes before	my face,	sumed, provided they are free from	through Baluchistan to Kurrachee in	P°° Regimenf,	who has been noted
study, would it not, to make a list of the symmetry <xf his peculiar figure,	Agaüfc I felt the dizziness	stealing	sugar and March. Briefly outlined the	India. The Ienath of thii «P ti n	for Promotion	on completing six
ull tlie cxraft that pass in and, out of waBe hit hair Aeemod blacker and his over me. Ilin will was growing objects of the system arc:	L lo years' service in recognition of his
Ibid harbour in a day—to put down «’omplexion even paler then before. He every moment too strong for me. 1	First—To improve by exercise the "ouia 06 a tnrie under twcnly-five distinguished conduct in the field
the places where they were built and bad evidently been prepared for my	could not resist him. do	when he	muscular tissue and by diet to keep	hundred mi lee, and except at the	only joined the	army, from Sand-
» hence they hail, tho characters of ****** f°r he held out bis hand and	once more said, 'Drink!' I	took the	the muscles of the body in firm fibre	head of the Persian Gulf, would pre-	hurst, in March,	1893. In tho fight at
tbeif owners aid commanders, and fluted ino without a sign of os-	glass and did as I was ordered. After	and tone.	Mnt no physical obstacles that could	Helvetia, when the 4.7 gun was cap-
their errands about tho world. What iton 18“ment upon his face.	that	I remember seeing	Nikola, Dra-	beoond—To maintain the blood Iz iU	not be easily surmounted Use 0f th •	turcd» Captain, then lieutenant, Wil-
a book it would make, would it not? ] “‘This is indeed a pleasure, ray	P°r*	und tho uian they	called East-	normal and healthy composition.	Indian systems with a link to he	kinson, behaved with great bravery.
B JbH lEaHBB "3 ESSS	E—EEBr ff--- —
-the rrch people who paid without 'expect to sec you	again so soon. And	1 «ut	and gazing steadfastly into my	1 our.—To prevent the deposit	of	mcnt ;* 'now buildinzr a railroad to	firm. shipowners, that they had va-
tblinking, the poor who dreaded the 'you are evidently	a little surprised at	face*	ûnd that I recollect no	fat by eliminating from the diet	an	Kunlong Careful surveys 1 ( l. de	CdUC** ready for a few apprentice*
Cv'imng of the tax collector like a visit meeting me/	more	until I came to my senses in	excess of those articles that create	it,	veloped a practical route from Kun	on boar<1 tbeir Burners. Applicants
Hum tho Evil One; imagine the busy “1 a in mure than surprised,' I an-	lbis room, to find myself bound and	but arc not otherwise useful in the	long to the Yang-tse at Su-'how and	*Ler? rfQucatred to «all at the office
dockyard in which she was built- swerrd bitterly, seeing how easily I gagged. For what seemed liike hours economy.	from that point a line could be *eas- t°c1Navry League. A hundred boy*
can’t you seem to hear tho clang' of had been entrapped. ‘I am horribly	1 lay	in agony, then I	heard foot-	Five—To allow quite Ruificient food	ily extended to Shanghai Vlanv aid	aPP^fî<1 personally, and thirty made
the riveters and tho buzzing of the mortilLul and angry. Mr. Draper, you	steps	in thc verandah, and next mo	and many luxuries, so as to satisfy	ed résulta will attend th^ building <>f	apP,JCatl0° in writing. Thirty got an
steam tawd Then take that Nut- had an easy victim.’	ment tho sound of voices. I tried the cravings of nature and the wants ibid line Besides revolutionizing th<>
wegian beat passing tho font there; "Mr. Draper said nothing, but Dr.	to cal1 ioT help, but could utter noj	of the system and yet by dietetic	f,., route and traffic with Austia'ii
th.nk of her birtiipiace in far Nor- Nikola dropped into a chair and spcJce	w’or<1*s* }	thought you would go	means to reduce corpulency at the	jf *11 provide a rapid and eafe m«*afis
way, think of tho places she has since for him.	away without discovering: me, but rate of from four to six pounds a week (.f tiansit between Europe, India,and entered upon hifl 50th ye^r, having
s p«;-s‘r.k"“s	s»- H
lonely fiords, where the silence is so been wondering for the last twenty- everything; you know my story not exceed the proper standard, and out the vast region lying between The	'«° years as a private and non-
/ntenso that a stone rolling down four hours how we might host get Horn the time you left me up to the to do this with perfect safety and Mediterranean and the Pacific Fin- v“mmL33l°ned officer when he received dropping into the water echoes hold of you, and the means we have Resent moment. '	permanent improvement to the con- ally, and this is the argument' most	^ , • lteatenanUs comuaisMon
i-ko thunder. Then again, look at Pmplojed so successfully seemed the i or som8 time aftet the Marquis stitution.	frequently urged In its behalf it will m 1 -nd m January, 19d0. In i na
that emigrant vessel steaming slowly	only possible way.	Have no	fear, my	I bad	concluded his strange story both	The saccharin tabloids are	a boon	form England's natural response to	u	,/f “^tLIi»aished career he
up the harbour; think of the folk	lord, you shall not	be hurt.	In less	lbe	Inspector and I sat in deep	to the Corpulent, as the jellies and	the Trans-Siberian Railway, and will	“aa s«r7ed » Afghanistan the Trans-
aboard her, every ano with hi» hopes than twenty-four hours you will en-	thought.	That Beckenham had been	sweets so long denied to the obese may	conduce enormously to her power and	;	ial	La^P ' and	repeatedly
and fears, confident of a successful j‘>y the socioty of your energetic	kidnapped	in order that he should bo	be prepared with them. In culinary	prestige in the East. Construction of	m	buUdan’
future in this terra incognita, or friend Mr. Ilattcnas again.'	I vut of the way while the villainous work, two tabloids are equal in sweet- this line is part'of the declared pol- ^ an arm7 order just issued it is
despondent of that and everything ‘ ' XN haf is y dur reason for abduct- for abducting Phyllis was being ening qualities to one ounce of sugar ley of Great Britain in China, and provided that an officer who has else. Away to the left there you see me like this?' I	asked.	'You are	enacted there could be no doubt. But	and far sweetening a cup of	tea or	conservative advocates believe it will	been wounded in action and has there-
u little Island schooner making her «	foolish to do so, for	Mr. Butteras will	*hy	had he be*n chosen? and what	of coffee, one of the tablets	is suf-j	be built during the next decade.	by lost an eve a limb or tooth or
way down towards the blue Pacific; | leave no stone unturned to find me/ plues were we to gather from what He lent.	________________ sustained any injury necessitating thn
imagine bar in <i few weeks among 1	* <lo not doubt that at all,' said be had told us? I turned to the In- Dr. Davies classes the hurtful wiucs J	*	uge of artificial appliance m v bo
the island1:—tropi a 1 heavens dropped	Dr. Nikola quietly;	'but I think Mr.	«Pector and said,-	for people constitutionally disposed to ROYAL FAMILY OF FIFE.	granted	sufficient	to defray the
down into sunlit waters; — buying	Butteras will	find	he will have all "What do you think	will	be the	^outness as those which contain sugar |	_ necessary	expense of	providing it It
st-iss*“ r.isi •• vxv&r.t!?suïk ztjv.zjz,:r£™ri:sxI — —	——isit
derful picture—a very wonderful pic- arc not known in Sydney you are think, as there is nothing to be learn- ,1ire usually the product of the hot	T .	,	. i va tes will still have to bear the rot
lure!"	mistaken,' I cried. 'The farce you are j-cd from this house, the better plan «mmtries. In France, Germany and Princess Louise of Wales was in 0f making good, their lost members.
“ 'You seem to# have studied it very Playing at Government House is de- would be for you two gentlemen to Hungary, where a cooler climate pre- love with the Duke of Fife from the I ifr rviiiiam Woif«ra t xv i, carefully/ I said, after a moment’s tec ted, and Mr. Ilatteras, directly he go back to. Mr. Wetherell, while I re- vails fermentation occurs with less time aho was a very youae girI| but I _ r#.	, ,	/	°Pt
silence.	(finds I am lost, will go to Lord turn to the detective office and see rapidity. Sparkling wines or Moselles	. i * g., is father of probably tho four
" ’Perhaps I have,’ he answered. I Amberley, and reveal everything/ if anything has been discovered by the îlien°t suitable for the corpulent, but I	•	^	. *)a	tallest brothers in the Army
am deeply interested in the life of the |	“B have not	the	slightest objeo	men there. As soon	as	I have	found	dry champagnes of the best quality j ,(>uld hiiig	t hr-mscivfs to	give	(h-.r	gcan^	Walters,	2nd Grenadier
sea—few murre so. Are you a stranger	Dun,’ returned Dr. Nikola quietly. ‘By	out I will join you	at	Potts	Point.	^Lrt‘ permitted. Cheap Rhine wines, in j consent to	the marriage.	However,	Guards, is	d ft. 4 1-2 in in height •
in New South Wales?’	| the time Mr. Ilatteras can take those What do you thimk?"	fact cheaP winea ot all sorts, are (he little piincess droaped and became Lance-Corporal A. Walters 1st Grena-
“ ‘Quite a stranger/ I replied. ‘I	fiteps-indeed, by (Ira time	he discovers	I agreed that it would	be the best ABSOLUTELY	FORBIDDEN.	80 Pale	and wan that in the	end	her	1 diers, and now of "B.-P.'o" Polic e, is 6
only arrived in Australia n few days j	agence at all-we	shall bo be-	course; so, taking' the Marquis by the	There are natural	sherries now	on »	Iathcr, a.nd m5>ther1 couid	r<;fr.ain	ft. 3 1-2 in.; and Sergeant J. Walters,/
t.uce/	yond the reach of his vengeance/ arms, for he was still! too weak to] the market containing absolutely no I ,frOI,a l01"8 1what tl!ey coull,d to bri“* ht Royal Scots, and Sergeant F. Wal-
Indeed! Then you have to make	"I could not follow his	meaning, of |	walk alone, we left the	house, and	sugar. Coffee is preferable to cocoa)	ba , ,	LC70Ur ,u bci% cbeok	nnd	tbf	tors, 3rd Grenadiers, are both well
the acquaintance of many entrancing	course, but while he had	been speak-	were about to step into	tho street	in a reduction diet.	sparkle	to her eye. A story	has	al-	| over 6 ft. The father was once a
beauties yet. Forgivo my impertin- ing I had been looking stealthily when I stopped, and asking them to A typical menu scientifically got up	,bt'en told and seems to be i rue, colour sergeant, and stood 6ft. 3 1-2 lp
enje, but if you are on a tour, let round me for a means of escape, wait for me ran back into thet room as a dietetic treatment is as follows • i rasv °ffore aor marna go this |	__——».—-—	’j
i;:?11* ; fax s °Z" sr cs	^4 v-"'' SfsS-?
'ïhe South-Sea Islands, I pre- Nikola and his ally were between me! which Beckenham had been bound and	•	n,.f*	•	I	a w.c.	a	Poor Jim has been sent to the in*
Bume you meant’ I said. -	i and that. Then a big stone hatchet tho Pad which liad been fitted over	Chicken i la Mnremro	I	a ,l,g‘	sane asyDim, said the barber in a
raEHESffi S	- - - -
earth! See them before you go. They brain. Supposing I seized it and "I thought I should learn some- ]>mon Cream Nuts Finit	tîî	b °	°° bfU 1 p,C nt Jlm ** my twin-brother, sir. Jim
will amply repay any trouble it may , fought my way out. The door of the	irom this, Take a look at this:	..	‘ i ‘	*	,,	*	,	ThP^l,iP«t imi.	a Hi. ’ haa lonff becn broodin' over the hard
mmm SSidssEFs	“
thfniri	\ i	^ delighted,	I sain,	from betweer	u	ctn ,lke a 8CTm	witness, you must give an answer in the sole and pour in enough white	they arrived, as it happened, the hus-	I come to spend a few	days	in	hie	na-
k ug	then- could be no	Posm do	pent s lus».	the fewest possible words of which	| wine to cover it. Let it boil from ten	band was engaged on sentry duty,	live city.
in v i/à Z'11	my	McePt,rL- ,4,> V(,ur cous	,.u^L	1H	Y r,h» |Sa/l<1,	#	you arc capable to the plain and. sim-1 to twenty minutes, according to the	and so they could not approach him.	i Yes, too	remarked proudly,	as	hi#
\p 'onT .	. . .	\\i<n (h i	6	k	ic»r ible fear	of	pje question whether, when you were	size of the fish. Keep it covered while	The child eyed her “daddy" with a	steamship	company	was	being	re
, 'a bpf<>ru ue g°* romy 1 l,,‘ , ' wblvb in< sellcd mc "" buird crossing the street with the baby on 1 it is boiling. When it js done remove ! rather sorrowful but amazed exprès- ferred to in complimentary terms _ WPd (> ‘otroduoe my sc I f ‘ the old .hip carne i m- in Hi# ®ye» I your arm, and t he omnibus was coming the fish. Keep It hot while making | stoo as he paced up and down the jours is the longest line in the worlds F vn Usman sacd, taking a card-cas<- f.t scum ted mo so that I could not down on the right side, and the cab the sauce. Strain the liquor, return square shouldering his rifle and stretching, as it does, fr*m America 1
I	C,I° ' ^ pocket and withdrawing a look sway	them. 1 put down on the left aide, and the brougham it to the pan and add the yolks of wearing a kilt. She had never be- to China.
fard- i!lia he handed to me, and on j the hatchet without another thought, was trying to pass the omnibus, you one or two eggs, according to the fore beheld him thus arrayed, and for There wax a moment's silence, and
II	1 read—	i Still be garrd at me in the same toW the plaintiff between the brougb- quantity of liquor, only do not put U few minutes the spectacle seemed then the hostess—a hard-working
.	Mr. Mathew Draper/	hideous fashion.	ham and the cab, or between the am- in too much, egg, just enough to thie- to be quite beyond her; but for no Scot—chimed in:
4"I am afraid I hare no card tc ;	" 'Sit down in that chair/ he said nibus and the cab, or whether and ken the sauce. Put in a little chopped longer could she keep silent.	Weel, I dinna hen if ye>e cause tae
offer vou o return * I said 'but 1 quietly. 'You cannot disobey me.' when you saw him at all, and whether parsley, pour the sauce over the fish, “Mamir:	she sail, in a roe' ‘hat bounce «as much, for does not r
sin tbt* Marquis of Beckenham/	And indeed I could not My heart or not near tho brougham, cab, or and serve at once.	betra;	a.w* of HEdUh covet- class (clothes) line no' stretch fra*
M~ Indeed! Then I am doubly hon- was throbbing painfully, and an omnibus or either, or any two, and CHICKEN A LA MARENGO ows**	* idy f,!:	% 1 Ufl who ^ P?lcf
rwæ	“ *" ......................- - -- —Isa» ^ *...................•-¦Lrgr •
Nearly a hundred acres of ground at
Then,
r«
was
It is announced that a British naval
un
• •
How
a
.,T;
a man
While exercising at Chatham, Lieufr
eoant Charley Trotter, 2nd Cheshire
Engineer Volunteers and a nephew, of Major-General Trotter, was thrown from hia horse and killed. "Accidental death" was the verdict.
The. new Scheme of army reform,: says the Chronicle will provide that at least fifty horses shall be attached to all infantry regiments for the
,,	__	t	. -	----------» the men to act as
tüe lang-tse. It is proposed that the mounted infantry if required.
........... western point of departure shall be Major Edmund John Phipps-Hornby,
I have no time It aims at the attainment of a normal I eilher Alexandria or Port Said, and V.C., Royal Horse Artillery, who
tD*!^	iiri^rW^rkT' Weight| improvement in health and	route, following roughly . be j manded the famous **Q" Battery al
mÊiÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÉÊÊMtgÿmmjÿg^BBÈÊÊBgEÆJBjgi^ÿ^ permanence
was
ALL-BRITISH RAILWAY.
list of extremely desirable soups, fish, I John Rail doe* the Ra<»lun Rear One gaanc and sweets to select from. Bev-
•filer m» Rrgnrtl» « bina.

One of the great tasks of the new
corn-
appointment, and the remaining hundred a disappointment.
Major-General Hector Macdonald
!
Scr-
AN AFFECTING TALE.
so
Il •

I'l
Poor Jim! I
M I
I I


• • i
iv
rwUy. «
%
###PAGE###8###
: \ jiW'


wm


>

m














i

¦ ' -0

i

\


\
QOOD NEWS
E. HQDCINS & SON’S AOVT.
HERE THEY ARE !
HERE THEY ARE !
For Men and Women.
High Class Goods
NOT A CAR LOAD OF THEM, 1>VT THE LAROEHT llANliE OF
Choice Handsome Suitings
EVER SEEN IN OVR PROGRESSIVE GO AHEAD TOWN.
You want a Spring Suit, When buying why not buy the best Ï
AT THE VERY LOWEST PRICES.
WHITE BOOTS, RED BOOTS,
BLACK BOOTS AND SHOES,
PATENT LEATHER BOOTS, in fact everything in the line of SPRING AND SUMMER FOOTWEAR from a Goodyear Welt to a common Split Bal.
can be had at the
BOOT & SHOE STORE.
Spring Specials.
WHEN WE FINISH
SwtheCood.	5,™ oN™N™r
S.. the Wor^manihipj MM.® See the Fit.	vs, if not. keep
YOUK MONEY.
i
Barb Wire
A. ROLAND McGUIRE,
THE TAILOR
Wj. STEWART .
OPPOSITE
- PONTIAC HOUSE - -
SHAWVILLE.
9
P. S.—Did 1 forget Serges f Well, no. About twenty different kinds in black and blue
P. S.—We take Eggs for Boots.
Nails
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.
9
THE WAR.
$35,000 to Hamilton Bridge Co.), 30 mile#, $00,000,
Schuntburg and Aurora railway Co., Ont., 15 miles, $48,000.
SEHlS ÈMHPne
and Heidelberg.
The British troops, moving with great Mauitouliu lflaud North Shore n i-rapidity, got right up to the Bom laager, company, Sudbury to Junction with and aided at the last moment by a thick Algoma Central and Hudson Bay rail mist, got past the Boer outposts unchal- wa)*t *p addition to subsidies cf 1900, for lenged.	the laager, milee, $41(1,000.
Tratu# No. l and 2daily evwpt Sunday.	I and the Boors were taken completely hv Grand que to Anchar, N.S , 8 milea,
*w-b?r- k , ^int. ,
Train# No. 7 and 8 Sunday only,	I here was some sharp work with the ventral Ontario railway company, ex
bayonets, and the enemy bolted, leaving ^neion to Canada Atlantic near Whitney absolutely everything in the shape of ^ milee, $04,000.
J ammunition, suppl éa, and transport in I our hands. The Boers also left a number of dead, wounded, snl prisoners. There , j were several casualties on our side, eluding four killed.
Volunteers from Heidelberg a m. I dually successful in a similar expedition
Arrive 9.451 on Tuesday night, in which they captured ••	9.2i a Boer camp.
" O.Ofl
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Larger Stormed by Moonlight
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
Ensilage Corn
(To boy well, watch the latest pi ice* and information in the special TWA DE PRESS.
Summer Time Card
Talim Effect, Monday May 13,1901
N»« Canadian Orocar and Storekeeper The Hardware end Motel Merchant [he Dry Goods Review The Beak eel 1er end Stationer.
Train No* 1 leaves Ottawa P. M. Train No. 2 arrives **
Train No, 3 leave# '
Train No. 4 arrives “
Train No. 6 leaves "
Train No. 6 arrives “
Train No. 8 arrives | '
Train No. 7 leaves "
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Moitreal and Toronto.
tUt A. M. 8.W A. M. <15 P. M. LW P. M. 8.10 P. M. 7,45 P. M. 0.30 A. M.
NEW SC PRIM ES.
Oil Cake.
The Hull city council has adopted the report of the tinm ce committee in which . | it was i«commended that exempt ion from , | taxation f r 15 years be given to J. LaI tleur of Montreal on the boot and shoe Kingston and Pembroke, Sharbot Lake factory which he proposes putting up in via Linark to Carleton Place, 41 unie», Hull. No bonus w:ll be given. Exemp-$131,200.	| tion from taxation will be granted on the
Norwood and A pi ley railway company, j fulfilment of certain conditions to be cm Out., 30, $90,000.	|pio>td, etc.
Alguma Central and Hudson Bay railway company, Sau.'t Ste. Marie to WhPe River, on C P. R , additional ni leage of 135 miles, $431,000.
Dominion Atlantic ra*lway, to Minas
t ,	..	.	Baaio, N.8,1 aile, $3,200.	,,
London, May 20	—Lord Kitchener	re-	Bridgetown to Middletown, N.8 , ix-	|!Unms n fuW	has had lira wh< le
ports to tho war	office, under date	of	tension cf 11 miles, $38.000.	’	| hud of cattle tested	by a government
Pretoria, May 18, as Mhws :	Burk s Falls, Ont , fl T.It, to Magne-	surgeon. Six more of the
“An armored train has betn dyr.imit- tawan River, 2 miles, $t>,200.	h*,d» al1 iine looking caMle, were found
.‘I I cd south of American Siding. Major Halifax to Central railway, N S., ad- lo haïe hecu fcfitiCted with the disease and 7.18 ! H^ath, of the S; uth Lin cas hi res, was ditional milego of 30 miles, $9G,000. I "tre	destroyed. Mr. Lynch
“	7,16 I killed. ’	From Biuce Lake on the C.P R. to Is lhli8 . a heavy loser. When it eec
Rock Lake, Algoma, 9 m les, $28 030.	f,,un.d thal the nni™l	»o\d to Douglas
I New York, May	19 —I. N. Fotxie,	in	From Roburval, Que., westward to-! bu!c , was affected Ih	handed back the
a despatch to the Tribune, says :	ward James’ B*y, CO miles, $192,000.	| fr!c® of the l,eûBt ar,(l Hi us ho loses seven
“The arrival of nearly 1,000 volunteers From the Stonewall or Selkirk branch ua( 0 catl^'* at Southampton, and the cordial welcome °f Hie C. P. R. to Icelandic River offered to the companies at St. Mart n Oimli, Man., 35 miles, $112,000.
tern hall and the Tower Hamlets, are Rest’gouche and Western railway	____
I incidents indicating that the war is slow- | pany, N.B., extension, 33 miles, $99,000.
Iy but surely coming to an end. Despatch-j Tnere is also a vote of 35,872 to the TKRKIF, E sr RY attack es fevin Svuth Africa point in the eime Ottawa and Gatineau railway company girl on way from school at uak-direction. The beat sign is waning ! f°r if* unearned balance of subsidy on	boh beach,
sympathy for the Boers now in the field j the fi2 miles from Hull towards Desert.
with purpoieless operations. Bands of	------------ T „ . Vf ,	.	.
srïïrcarjisææ ;	A	I
by treacherous spies, and they have in-	Word from Windsor. Blanche Reynolds
creased facilities for finding out what is ! BflIrweEUMD, starving sailors foiuiht | itL'vt 7, daughter of a well-to-do resident going on and for malting captures of men j EAt H t)THER Tl) veath ani> drank the y Harbor Beach, Michigan, while going arms and stock. Afresh incursion of , LI*'K «^OD oethk slain.shabks follow fron‘ tchool was set upon by a crowd of Boers into Cape Colony is .explained by 1	EI> THEM*	j feven„or e,6h,t oi^ Kiri., all older than
the necessity for obtaining supplies, ! Victoria, B.C., May 15.—The steam- h^Wf. After being thrown to the and the number of raiders are insigoifi i ®hip Emp;o;a of India, which arrived	a88ai ,n,e l'Oit their victim
cint. If the remants of the commandoes yesterday afternoon, brought a terrible! mfth 8tirks lmhl .8,ie ,08t consciousness.
¦	I	' SxSc I SiS BE
Bran.h, Vuiieyfield, connects stC’cteau Juuotkou, them constantly from section to section.	H»rterarrena, a Spaniard, the aole aurvi-	;.	\ tx,iaU8teu	cindrnn.	Blanche
t.M Cornwall amipoiut-s west	The refuge camps are tilled with women	Vore of 1 inteen men who sailed from Ci-	dled	ei orll> aft<?rwards,	but	recovered
VuS&Wry Biam^klofÆ^ loZîiiw whoee fatht?re’ husbands and brothers are ™ the barque Angola, October 12.	I?8;,	l° reVeal the
with I. C. Ry. Maritime Exprea# for Quebec, priEoners, and whose ardor for the Boer 1 fhey were cast ashore from their raft, on	I.Iie,ra8?AI,anî8* A poet mortem
Mist# east. PulliwsnJ cause is yielding to intense longing for Soubi Il,land of the South Matuna group ^animation will be held to-morrow. One
*s-sa=B“ kss s:,!:r.ik^„st\r,s,ï:, i	i
Parlor Car atu. hcd.	it is done mechanically and thorou ghly. at Singapore on April 13.	ney no.de children to associate with
PÔiü ’ Limite,1”stoPs Alexa,1<iniaa,,<1 Cou*au District after district of the Trarevaal !	The Angola was wrecked on a coral *	mu 1 c 11 dreD*
Arrives Montreal (t 40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Car I and the northern section of the Orange j	when six days out from Manila, and
attached. Connect* with trams for Portland amt River Colony are being swept and the !	wt nt to pieces soon after she struck.
til ’St", TSitS'orTtem.	sit!	Boer»»re	beinp	harra»^d	by	con,tant	| Th« boat, were .ma.hed	and	the	crew
a I bans Burlington, etc. Arriving Bo^un 700 a. I	movement.	made two rafts, out of	the	wreckage,
in New York 7.20 a^m. Has through Bafot Sleep-1	_________ 1 They had been twenty-two days at
THE «AILWAT SCBSID1BS	ÏZ
Junction for Core wall, Kingston, Toronto. Chicago |	- j were thrown to the sharks, which followed
Sharp. >r Lake, Via Lanark, to Carle- |	A Frenchman went mad, and
Trains aniveat Ottawa c*narai Depot :	! TON pLArR eiQi or>n • lu-,,.,,	| atticktd the captain with an axe, and
all.OS A.M. Local 4rom Boston, New York. New	L	L	^ ^ the mate went to the captain’s
Kngian.i and MDntr»»1 at 7.40 a. m. Has Pull-	CiATiNEAt,	IvE\oTE $tW,909,	and	a	assistance he was killtd,	and	the	mad-
.1.35 A.r M ",^-From H.™,™., M„ N„tel	NtW VwE	W	**,m.	man drank hi. v.chm; .if Wood.	The
east, leaving Moutreal at 9.16 a.m. Has Pullman,	—	ottier memters Of the Starving
Pallor Car.	, L t killed the Frenchman and ate part cf hie
9 05 p. m. Local—Prom Montreal, and inter- ooD. A. u. H air laet week brought tody. O ie by one the survivors d ed
saa wsjsbuss gate-çagsç s
a 6.30 P; M. Limited—Fmmi Montreal leaving at are rexote < A8<-. are tiew eubsi- lines made of pieces of canvas.
4.10 p.m. lias Pullman ParLor Car.	dies. By provinces the subsidies agt’re- They drifted
—— O ""	j * —	*
Middle and Western Divisions. I onurio...
Quebec...
New Brunswick.
Nova Scotia. ....
Manitoba. ......
For tickets apply Tiikrt Agent, Central btatiou.
T W HE88EMAN, Uen’l Bup’L.
IC-
o
Official Time Table :
were
The Renfrew Journal aayfMr.' William Lynch, the Admaston farmer who so'd the cow to the Douglas butcher, which proved to have tuberculosis and to which reference was made in these cc-
1.45 Leave
Aylmer tBrecken ridge tEardley Parker's Crossing t*M otars Q,o yon
Wyman's
?Tana
Bristol
McKee's
Rhawville
Clark’s
CampfeelPstBay ?Tank fVinton Qoulnnce *Melion a Waltham
E. HODCINS & SON.
6 0.)
6.12
tf.18
8.™
8.26
H
11
8.50
6.87
• •
8.40
6.47
*•
8.22
M
6.56
41
II
8.14
6.58
41
M
8.08
7.04
41
8.02
41
7.26
7.46
8.00
I i
8 08
was
8.12
• <
7.06
I •
8.80
41
6.64
8.47
41
6 30
# «
•A5 Arrive
•Flag Htatlon. tTank. f Flag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
Leave 6.30
Muslins Dress Goods, Prints,
DucKs,
Cottons,
Ginghams,
via
Killed by School Mates
J
P. W. RESSEMAN.
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
com
CN A I.1TTI.K
MICHIGAN.
KAILffAY
Flannelettes,
Linenettes,
All at such delicate touches to the pocket-book that
you will scarcely feel it.
I
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT. Trains daily between i
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
On and after April 28, 1<M)1, awd.imtiHurtLer wlvi*p<l train service will be as follows :
ooo
REMEMBER WE CARRY THE BEST LINES IN STOCK
tioDH
— — OOO---
ARMSTRONG BROS., - LADYSMITH.
P. S.—Butter.
com-
Advertise in The Equity.
New Jewellery Store.
eea
eu
In the premises lately occupied by Mrs. George Hodgins, in the
Hod gins Block, a thoroughly up-to-date stock of
ere*
Jewellery, Watches, Silverware, Etc.
on
Is now open to inspection.
on, until after 42 days of terrible Buffering they were washed into ... $1,320,000 the Inland of Soubi, on November 20.
.	705.427 that time their bodies were covered
.	307,000 with large hoi a, and they were bo weak
.	950,800 that they could not walk, but had to
112,000 crawl on their hands and knee*.
The following are the subsidies to be "ere about 200 natives on the island.
Theme» went up to the chief’s house, and lived there for about two months.
They had only cocuanute and mange and little fiih t> eat. A Chinese junk arrived
tl.e eumvur* went on "hoard her.	^ ^ T U ?0UISe at the CANADIAN HUROLOGICAL INSTITUTE ( Watchmakers'
EEüB™;:
I™ f IUiiP ,‘rS ‘h maJ' ba entrusted to me. I giaraantee satisfaction in every in. am I,..,, for l ...^ eerfully refund your money if you are dissatisfied. I mean business, * i, ,	.	1 iness, and want to do business with you, and am anxious for an opportu-
ne to show the people what I really can do in my line.
¦ da3FYTB- THE watchmaker....
HODGINS’ BLOCK, -
This is an entirely new stock, having been bought this Spring on
the Montreal and Toronto markets at very low prices and will be sold accordingly.
• # •••#>•
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Suuday)
Trains learn Ottawa Central Depot ;
8 15 A. M. For Arnprivr. Renfrew. Eganville, Pem-hn.kf Harry's Bay, Whitn.-y. Canoe Lake, Parry I Sound and intermediate points.	I
4 40 P. M Amprlor. Renfrew, Eg*nrill<\ Pem- | re-voted broke, Mmiawaska ami intermediate station».
•••see#
There

repairs
. M	, Guy# borough, N. S., railway, 80 miles,
M: Mixed Train f<>r Arnvrior, Renfrew, I $256,000.
“-'-“K»“1	.Uti-m., I Quebec and New Bruo.wick railw.y.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :	j 03 miles, $201,000.
M From iLtdawaskn, Pem broke, Egan- Montreal ar.d Province line, 10 miles vdie. Renfrew. Arnnrior and intermediate pointe.	gQO	*
•îK.'âMasssLSshJsr1^ H,a.a») <ouPP,r
8.50 P. M. Mixed Trains from Madawnska. Ecsn- “Usquodobbli, N 8., 40 miles, *128,000. villr, Renfrew, Arnprioraud intermediate stations. | PedeniC to Port Clyde, N S , 31 milts
199,200.
lourt-	* Inverness and Richmond railway Co
N.S., 08 miles, $313,600.
Caplan to Rukebiac, Que., (inp'jjdJjig
London May 16 —K'ng Edward, who was lorn Nov. 9, 1841, his decided that his birthday shall bo celebrated May 24 of etch year, thus continuing the holiday hitherto observed by all pub'ic depart* ments—Queen Victoria’s birthday—and giving an impetus to the colonial move* ment to observe the date as Empire Day |
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
•1
a.	Trains run daily ex-sept Stroday.
b.	riunday only, c, Daily.
Opposite Pontiac House
SHAW VILLE.
i
à
* fly A

m


i
a

