###PAGE###1###
i
Supplement to The Equity
8HAWVILLE, P. Q., JAN. 19, 1899.
VOL XVI.
NO. 30.
i
Have you tried Dowd'e 44 High Loaf " Flour Î
Queen Victoria is to arbitrate the dif ferences between Argentine and Chili, which have nearly involved the two countries in war.
The Presbyterian General Assembly Committee of Aged and Infirm Ministers will issue special appeals for contributions to wipe out the deficit of $17,000 in the fund.
Just one dollsr is all you will be asked to pay for one half dozen cabinets. We won't charge you ten cents extra for postage, and 25 cents extra for someT other imaginary thing to make up the price, nor will we give you more than half a dozen at the price quoted. Don’t forget the day and place. Hand ford, Pontiac House, Friday, Feb. 3<d.
The Trench Shore
IT IS RAID THAT FRANCE WOULD ACC*FT A MONEY CONSIDERATION.
SEE HERE !
London, January 5.—The Paris oorree pondent of the Daily Newa says : 441 be# lieve the suggestions that France would accept compensation for French Shore rights in Newfoundland are really prompted by the French Government. There ia a manifest wish here to be done with the vexations and perils of this question.
44 The shore has become useless as a nursery for marines and the fishery is fall-off. I am confident that money compensation would be accepted."
New V. 8. Warships
SECRETARY LONG WANTS $50,000,000 to
BUILD FIFTEEN.
Washington, D. 0., January 3.—Secretary Long today sent detailed estimates to Congress for the fifteen new warship» he recommended to be constructed in hie annual report. The figures are : For armament and armor for all the ships, 814,168,400, and f»r construction and engineering, $36,100,800.
Farmers, look to Your Interests and get your Cattle Dehorned.
Mr. W. J. Starke, the cattle buyer, aays they are worth from 6 to 10 per aent more dehorned than otherwise. Liât week L.D. Davie dehorned 80 head and lent year 88 head for him.
The operation only costa ten cents per head and may save the live# of your cattle besides the great advantage and comfort It affords lu stabling them up.
ing
L. D. DAVIS,
Dec 27. 1808.
SHAW VILLE.
THE HELL ELECTRIC CO.
A Fatal Collision
TWELVE LIVER LOST IN A SMASH BETWEEN A BRITISH AND A FRENCH VESSEL
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minutes In the afternoon, dally, Sundays Included.
Falmouth, Eng., Jan. 5 —A pilot cutter haa landed here the captain and thirteen of the crew of the British eteamer Roes Shire, 1,362 tone, from Cardiff, and the captain and twelve of the French steamer Duguesclin, fom Rouen for Swansea.
The latter sank immediately after a collision with the R>«a Shire yesterday morning off Trovose Head, and the Roe# Shire was abandoned in a sinking condition. Eleven of the crew of the Duguesclin and one member of the crew of the Ross Shire was drowned. The survivors were picked up by the Norwegian steamer Fram and were transferred to the pilot cutter.
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Ostlneau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
An BvH of O&nv&adn*
W. EL TAYLOR,
Aa long a# it is necessary in municipal politics, as I oast, for a candidate to go from house to house and tell all he has done and all he is able to do, and hold himaelf up as a much better man than his opponent, so long will many good men be deterred from offering themselves for the town or city's service. To a busy man a seat at the council board is not a very great advantage. He receives little or no reward for the time he gives up to the municipslity. If he has to ask electors individually for the privilege of giving them the benefit of hie ability, we cannot blame him for unwillingness to come out. If he is a public spirited man will be prepared to serve them; but if, knowing him and what he can do for them, they say by their votes they do not want him, hie responsibility ia at an end.
Wee. Très*.
a
A. J. JACKSON.
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Protectorate now
—o
L RD CR' MER TALKS PLAINLY TO SOUDANESE SHEIKHS.
House & Sign Painter, Glider, Glazier. Decorator*
Cairo, Jan< 5.—Viscount Cromer, Brit ish diplomatic agent in Egypt, and General Lord Kitchener, the Sirdar, have held a reception of Soudanese Sheikhs, and notables at the Sirdar's house at Omdur-nian.
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDEDTO.
Maybe a Revolution la France
Lord Cromer, in the course of a long address to the sheikhs, pointed to the British and Egyptian flags floating together nearby and said : 44 For the future you will be governed by the Queen and the Khedive. The sole representative in the Soudan of the two governments will be the Sirdar, in whom both the Queen and the Khedive have the fullest oonfi dunce. No attempt will be made to gov ern the country from Cairo, still le«s •g' I from London.
Then announcing that they must 1-jok to the Sirdar alone for good government. Lord Cromer promised th^m perfect religious freedom and, in reply to a sheikh's duestion, assured them that the Moslem acred law would be applied. He also declared that taxation would be Hinder a e and just.
)ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
PRINCE VICTOR TO MAKE AN EFFORT TO SECURE THE THRONE.
O
Paris, Jan. 4.—The Matin prints an interview with a prominent Bmiapartist purporting to give the gist of Prince Victor Napoleon's statement» to his com mittee the other day at Brussels. This represents him as preparing assiduously for a coup, which he is fully resolved to execute. Prince Victor, however, l_ hostile teal! useless manifestations. His brother, Prince Louie Napoleon, will be found beside him on the day of action. They are closely united in warm and sincere affection.
FIRST CLAN8 WORKMANSHIP AND SAT-
ISFACTION GUARANTEED
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO
I
VICTOR EUOENIE’s HEIR.
Paris, January 4 —It is announced that the ex-Kmprese Eugenie has decided to make Prince Victor Napoleon her heir
to the $10,000,000 fund which the late | meeting ediiorb! y this morning ui»>n Emperor arranged with the insurance Lord Cromer’s declarations to the Sou-companies to pay on the death of the daneae sheiks at Omdurman, says Empress.	“ They constitute the plainest assert mv
Prince Victor is the youngest son of the j of British sovereign rights in the Soudan ,	Trade Marks
late Prince Jerome Bonaparte and is fa- yet made.”	Designs
vored by the Binapartists as the rightful The Daily Chronicle says ; 4i the speech	Copyrights Ac.
heir to the throne.	mean, a proteotorete »nH will be eo inter- figcnfugMg . rtet* »d dwrtgtigmg
It has always been supposed that preted on the continent.	; invention h probably patentable. Communica-
Eugenie favored his elder brother, Prince j The Standard says : Offence will per
Louie.	I haps, be taken at Constantinople at the pJ5t?nU#,ukewJ"rVufch Jiufn reoelTe
The ex-Empreas is full of confidence j conspicuous omission of the Sultan’s 1	sotted withoutcharge.
for a speedy triumph of Bonapartism, name, but it would be sheer perveisity With so much money and the speedy pres- ! to complicate matters by a formal recog tige of hie personal popularity. Prince ! tiition of an influence which has forever Victor will undoubtedly be able in future ceased to have any validity in fact, or to stir up France.	! moral right.
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
London, January 6 —The Times, com
i

Scientific American.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific Journal. Terms. $8 a year; four months, $L Bold by all newsdealers.
«il
###PAGE###2###
Bibliothèque et Archives nationales
E9 E9 Q E3
Québec
The Equity
Page blanche
