###PAGE###1###
7
1
t
1 1
1







Nu. ‘JO
rSrii Yeak.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY;
QUE
THURSDAY, NOV.
1, 1000.
81.00 a Year ix Advaxcj
J* i
<
/
BANK OF OTTAWA

_________________________________,
1% àaaïSSSa Side of the city. For style, quantity and finish,
, aSSSJ^,TX& 5ESS!ÎE5Î5SS we sel1 on]ythe ^ good,, made by the kings' """"	“13“Sy ImS"ji'XS-rSf-Ka:« of the Pur trade in Canada. Cheap Furs are
-  |	tlear at any price.
Money transferred to all parts of the world. | policies which the Libelle had Set up, Mood s.if ronvlcfe/o/11wVWdmn?' lu
HA VINOS BANK.	and how finally they had abandoned the j !'/.*. s?i,,,iieiV f*v*;r«d Urabazon in prsi-r*
Accounts opened for amounts of one tlol- 'V'0*0 fot n,1(l adopted tho policy of the | I'^HleiniiS luMvr'an	j™ ot,.
A 1. TO i V M. invton Commission, from which tho Lib- 0 7l‘Pl,(,rlt hlm-
K. A. PARKER, .rals had promised great results would ÆÆS ï°h« wmllÆ
Manager, flow, and its cost of $00,000 to the coun* 1,3 w words in benaif or Mr. Murray, winch
—	=I	“S
day tripe down the 8t. Lawrence footing i -i'° kel s who prtceuetfi'lni had nut touched
up some 863,000, and to on. 1’he Yukon ! XZT	Z
scandal*, the Drummond County railway 1 vreosecl expenditure tor which me Liberal
tl;	12=5=1-%%=%
terms. Ha referred to the boast of Mr ' if rent influence Mr. Murray would w.eia as aj
Murray thy h, a d Mr. M.ckie .arc
going to build the canal, and the farcical 1 iat he h id no Hdrnlr.itiuii for j urn-, i a survey that was no m progress between :	Mr Charles Tupp
D1HL WAN’TKD for gt-nernl housework. Schneayx rapids and Muskrat river, the | Manitoba a %yn jm*oi ^paiaL-^chùo t Vpply at onro to Mrs* 11. II. Knox, sole object of which was to maka votes 1 *‘11 which there was no greater curse in the
fo, MacL.e, ,f thu Couwrv.tire ;.my were returned to power—they who had 0ÿh*country
i^ïïïœsa' ;ï: iSSE-SHSE
canal along. The speaker then said he 've!V De then spoko at conslderablelength
us """" "ku up „o further t„„o fo, the
present and resumed his seat amid great yer* that instead uf being iî7u enemy"
applause	* *ttrenitoii he Imd dune Ml in nix power t
r'r. t, •	f	.	»„ i -isiMt in bringing about me settle.
lire c nan man after complimenting Mr. v.hicn wax iiuuii> ui r.vidat.
Brabizun, said he had one remark to Tn-meeting men cloned with cheers
utuku rel.tiro ,o a matter
had somewhat touched himself	i UÊtiÈÊÎ
_ | the blame Mr. Brabuzon was getting in sorruj quarters regarding his connection with tho Jaweuit between Clarendon and tho County Council
1 LB III B VI .	Mr. McFarlane, Mayer of tho township, !s«
Calumet Island Village, 10,a. hi, 0*1 fare's on the subject, and tiiat gentleman had the crowd nxsuiiiMed at the villa m hall
SËi'A-- % FFFtir s-“ #xMa.fes&s&.é
ri'KSt") x'v'vnv <t	done ell m hie power»i an honorable mao m initiation had been complied with mid
making a few t il hand remarks, explain- ele^jon, for which purpoisehe had grant*-
SHEEN.	STARKE SCORNEBS.
Oct. 22.—Mr. Gerald Itraba.en Iht ^S«T2l2» 'S3s2SKS6l	3 ?r < dejegtira tram the UijSt*@È|Si • tmJw'LXdZ%i%Z3Z
or
arr	- “ tzz:
who had not met him previously declared !n MurravVf -	"	^ an argument to Mr. Bribezon, which he thought they smith and Otter Lake last week, was the "	,nn(,e	There are good \ uilding erected
they would .apport him in coneideretion Mr	_	JP®**"	w”u|d	not refme to pey, When the Itiel reverse of the kind to inspire the Liberal I Tlio asuertion that Mr. Brabazon thereon which are nicely situate,! at l lie
of hie being a reaident of the county. had been inVnltl ZJ k tk now Murray rebellion broke out in the Northwest, he candidate with hopes of miccchs.	is responsible for the law suit which Clar- taTored summer resort Green Lake
^ 3 mm
1	Ca^adea F. O., Quei.
Furs ! Furs !
«ma
Hoad OffU:o ; .. Capital attiumrlbed Capital |uhl up .. licit ......... ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
<?1
OP CANADA.
I
1,7*1,040 1,40.1, Jib
Hoar<l of Director» :
Charles ^fAfiEK, Esq., President,
(iEoruk Hay, esq.,Vice-President,
Hon. 0<0, P hyson, Jn Alkx. Kiust.it, Ehq ,
CAPITAL
John Mathfr, IEhq Da vu. MacLarkn, Ena
M	i
#
Head Office,
• Montreal.
aBORORDVRV U. M. ilNNIB
General Mnnsgay .. .. M mayor

Bnuvhtw • IN ONTARIO
mii aw villi: mt iM ii,
lexamlflla
5
KevWiitin,
Kewptv.ll
Mnltnw.i,
Ottawa,
Lanark,
1‘arrv hound,
I'finnrdkf, Ibt Portage,
I Rank Ht. Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Tomato, Vrtnklfck Hill
rnpn«ir, Avoimiore, Bra-ebi idge, Carle ton
reasonable rates
I
Plaee,
Hswkesbury,
timi tfi's Falls

IN MANITOBA
WHH H
Dauphin,
Wijiuljtosf
MEN S COATS, in Coon, Marmott, and Wombat.
LADIES COATS, Coon, Astrac-tian and Wallaby.
Portage Lu iVu IN ','1 RBI <
.
New York nud
Montreal,
Agents In Canada,
«uk f Mouth il.
Agents In St. I’	Nat. Dank.
Agente m London, Eug.—Purr's Dunk Lt d
Orpice Horns
Saturdays .
I -ad
Chicago—
1
<
LOCAL NEWS.
Church Services
^	^ ^	METHODIST CHURCH.
\Vno<l t.iken in exchange for photos at | **phT0|)IH"jJJ,vV'^mVntonTucker, M.A.
For Organs, Pianos and Sowing Machines, see A. Howard at Pontiac House.
Sf.iivtcksovi ry Kabhnih Ht 10.30 a.m.; 7, p.m Hu min y Krhool »l 9 .‘JO, a in.
Kp worth Leann Monday eventmr n Ladles’ Prayer Mertlua, Tuesday 7 ......	.	,	.	. i] ral Priiyer Meeting. Friday, 7,
vote for ih'abazon and mutual prefer- | Everyone welcome	i ¦
vutial trade with the Empire
COLLARS and COLLARETTES
made up in the following leading styles : Arlington, Victor, Evelyn, Natalia, Minto, &c. These
are the very newest creations in Fur Goods.
». I'.m
» p.ni
Orange supper, nth November, Radford new churc h. Look out for ad. and I Misters next week.
Drk-s-.M ak!N<; —Two door* from The Equity office by Mrs. Woodley and Miss McCredie.

SImwvilk
Political Meeting's.

Political meetings in the interest of Mr Brubnzon's candidature will he held , follows during the remainder of the con test : —
V
School Inspector A. I,. Gilman, has 1>een visiting the schools in this neighborhood during the past week.
WANTED- A good general servant. Apply to Mrs G. M. Donaldson, Shaw-ville.
i. m
FRIDAY, NOV. 2.
No. (l Sz hhoi, Bristol, 10, a. in. Bristol Corner-, 8, p. in.
u, U
It was
SATURDAY, NOV
CAPS, RUFFS, MUFFS, &c., in all
the leading materials.
r
NOMINATION.
W II. I.unis', Calf I well. 10, a. in School, North Bristol, 2, p. in. Hldtro, 0.30, p. m. Campbell* p. in.
No
Mr. Willie McDowell, of Renfrew, has corne h> take a position in the Merchants’ Bank here,
A wedding will take place shortly in Thorne, when a populaV young man of Clarendon will claim one of the brightest young ladies of the upper township,
Bri-tol
r #

Despite the had weather about 1,000 .-tended the nomination at Dry-
After dinner
Bav
He had interviewed electors at
«
MONDAY. NOV. 5
n «ai \\ ednesdav

See our GOODS before buying.
to
THE CAMPAIGN.
J. H. SHAW
I

Stacks of it, cheap.
I

z
r-S
PIANOS
The D. W. KARN COMPANY, Limited,
ner
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA,
Opposite Blythe’s New Store.
1

We have several good Square Pianos and we want to sell them quickly. Our new stock is coming along now, and we need the room. When in the city, come in and make us an offer.


iy on roue man, no use anxious to
Do you want a gocd Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.

i
t
See our Mr. J. R. HORNER, Shawville, L He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
'


Farm for Sale.

CHICHESTER

i

»
8*

W, I



i
(
*
t.
K
\
»
)
<
% —
		
v
-
###PAGE###2###





!..
most slovenly looking aol.liors, in thin
all wear while Mouses
ut the belt,
| HINTS FOR j THE FARMER.
cause the oow is sacred to them. They accept the dry army rations and for meat are generally supplied wil h goats, which must be killed either by themselves or some one of their caste.
CURIOUS CUSTOMS.
Another highly interesting command is the 7th Rajputs, enlisted generally from the Northwestern prov-and Oudh. They are all high-
THE BELIEF OF PEKIN.
suitable drapery can bo suggested than the design given Wow used when dressing a long street window. 11 we ln> problem was confronted, securing ill the light possible ami yet avoiding i view v( a neighboring back yard. Very skillfully and at the expense of $.’> the upper gla«s of the ensiles were, by the inhabitant of the room, painted in yellow to imitate leaded panes. Itel-ow thus, ovvr the shvets of rlear glass, one width of pale yellow India silk was draped like bunting, from frame to frame and made fast by rosettes o<f anrrow yellow ribbon. When l and ribbons soil they are taken *own, wrung out in a kith of refine-1’, gasoline and lacked in place, all in the apaco of half an hour.
Isfihe Home 5
field. They
loose everywhere save
Week trou sere and K it b fj lop
i hem
THE MEN WHO TOOK PART IN THE MARCH FROM TAKU.
!
boots. Their officers govern with a severity that wou'd surprise the average martinet hs are
NOT SO MUCb S/'.T
know
I ('em par Ikon of iliv Force* In gugeil Jnpsne e Have fixed lens I mm port tiood-l'ellowklilp I lining llir Forees.
The assemblage and operation together of the troops of the leading nations of the world has furnished an excellent opportunity for a comparison of their methods, iwrsonnel and ability. The fleets of eight nations ride at anchor at Taku bar. and, counting the Chinese, the fighting men of nine nations have operated about Pekin. Counting tribes and clans, will admit of a further division and make
i 4.
W INDOW DRAPERIES.
fhr whole tendency auvi-B con-in toward freakar butter. In
him
Wo room lacks in charm if its windows are prettily draped. So many
are the adequate and inexpensive material» suitable for winter draperies that a woman is hardly to U forgiven if she fails to expend wisely all funds alio purposes to lay out on fresh curtains. If the allowance for autumn renovation is not very generous and the household yearns after a genuine artistic effect e must refuse even to consider any 1 the cheap cotton filled damasks aiwi imitation Oriental stuffs that Lk&ie with crude colors, but go back tc the simple and cheap cheese cloth, soft dull-colored India silk aud dotted cream-white Madras For 15c a yard one cau buy really lovely imitations of Frenoh and English cretonnes and ch utz, denim in solid, rich reds, blues and greens or relieved by stripes and figures and endurable and agreeably figured cotton goods kuown as upholsterer's
lining. This last is printed with pat- the flask with a greenish layer. These terns of big white empire wreaths, in dying, furnish the carbonic avid near u small diamond design, on a cessary for the life of the cactus. 1 Ins ground of forest green, Pompadour explanation appeared satisfactory at red or mandarin yellow and if, with first, but it was then asked from these stores of good materials draw from, a window can not
dressed charmingly for the output of tritiou which take place in the green | handling their ll.JU per window then the dresser parts of the plant require an excess thereof has no right to feel herself 0f carbonic avid. This seam*, in fact, ; nowhere excelled and an individual
France and Italy have been repre-
sm ill centiiigent-i and
most of
sutuerw
England and on the continent butte: made in those countries is served par-
men ted by very
mces
rote Hindus and their most peculiar custom in camps has been the cook-
latterly they have given I heir time to the rescue and proteo-ot property belonging to their
to l*e a
ticulurly 11 rh and white. In the beet
and hotel* in the huger
restaurants oil lea of tris country i ho but tor con-
ing of their food. The cook draws a circle about the fine, and any one not of the caste, profanes circle and food by crossing the line. Those in the caste always remove their shoes before entering. This peculiar custom has led to all manner of both amusing and serious incidents, for scores of per-uninitiated in Indian mystery
(ion
dm ni rymen. The re
great difference between the officers and men of these two servies.
rule, a splendid
seems
talus very little salt. A great number who go abroad, or who patronise city hotels and restaurants in this country, are acquiring the taste fur fresh butter. The fancy dairies that command extravagant prices put out a product that is almost fresh. Creameries that are catering to the highest class groceries and tlie best family trade, now use only half as much salt
very
The former are, as a looking lot of men, while the latter are thin, weak and bloodless louring. It is probably a simple matter of class, education and things to eat. The men of all these arms and countries have marched, fought, camped, foraged,and frolicked together, and each suceeed-
has seemed stranger than And if it has all been
$
« m
sons
have crossed the forbidden line. If an inferior he is usually knocked down. All the Rajputs wear the badge of the twice boro, a thin white cord sash-like around the right shoul-
the grouping more picturesque. Viewing the matter from a purely practical standpoint, credit for the most effective work in the campaign, must be given to the Japanese that their opportunity was the best, for they were the closest to the scene of the trouble; but after every fair allowance is made, their showing is still the best. They have shown an ability to organize and strike with a speed that has fairly astonished the European and American experts, and when it has come to the firing line their men of ill arms have shown superb courage. The officers have dis-
/
A BOTANICAL EXPERIMENT
In the botanical garden of Berlin is to Ik- seen a cactus which has grown for seven years in a glass flask sealed by fusion ; it was presented by a German pharmacist, Ludwig Rust, lie explains the growth of the plant by the fact that the soil in which it grows contains a certain quantity of spores of fungi, which germinate from time to time and cover I he sides of
de ni m

as they did five or teu years ago.
This point is worthy of more general consideration by dairyiyau and creamery men everywhere fhe quality of salt is also important, but the leading brands are now quite above reproach in this respect. Of course the salt manufacturer favors the largest possible use of salt, but the dairyman's chief object should l>e quality rather than quantity in salt.
ni g pc eue
It is true
the first
strange to the eye, there has also boon
From road or
worn
dur, and loft aide of the waist. The Baluchis, organised in Bauchistan to serve the Empress of India. These men all Mohammedans, and a re of odd
appeal to the eai field, comes a jolly, rollicking song of
Fatherland, and its echo
an
the German
are
Cossack war chmt, an Amor.
love
personal appearance. They have long, curly hair, and many of them do not look unlike American Indians. In camp they follow the general customs of their creed am to prayer and food, Their prayers before the execution of an animal formed one of the strange pictures of this cosmopolitan war camp.
may be a lean
coon melody, or u
drum, fife and
song. Bugle, bagpipe band send out their sound together, md somehow t here is a .st i ange bar-mu ny in it. There is something almost The large export trade in butter, partite fratemia.ng of tioularly in England and the contin-i’ossibly the rifle levels dis- ent will never bt built up until tbs
peculiarities of that market regard-
reduced quantity of salt in but*

mysterious m soldiers.
tinction, and is a badge of mvmlier-
a Tommy Atkina
played a eomplete knowledge of mod-t° whence came the carlkmio acid tor the w-n tactics and have nearly evary-^ fungi; again, the pin uvinv na of uu- where used excellent judgment in
*
The Baluchi* are a hardy frontier people and seem to have plenty of fight in them. Equally picturesque, are the 1st Bengal Lancers, who are made of Sikhs, Hindus and Mohammedans. They wear long coats, tight-
dow off to the greatest advantage, ficuit to answer is the origin of the naturally good riders nor particular- , flt 1 mg trousers, kummerbands, with a^d four suggestions are sketch d in ; water which is necessary to maintain I |y go<H| shots, but they can absorb outside sword belts, and car ridge tan-
order to give any one of an engineer- tht, p(e u( the plant; this may l>e an uieil alwut as quickly as any peo-; ,loherM swun* over the right 8 u,u * in g mind some ideas as to which is ut>- derived from the decomposition of the p|e \n the world, and they have na- ,ler* Thvy carry carb;nes' vurve< sa tamable with inexpensive uphulsieiy cellulose. However, these questions tural prejudice against innovations ns nn<^ b,nff lances with lea * i s. Une .show» how m a room may answered, the fact remains iliui b s foui	1m it ting	t
dows, the our tains can be arrayed to a hermrticully closed medium. The ex- the British got into a position to fully arp surely more ornamental than use-temper the ghire and ouuvay to the riluvnt is Ilut difficult to carry out, 1 organise their efforts were fully as ful. Their turbans are characteristic. Interior of the room a most delight- { i$a study may le,ld t„ interesting successful as the Japanese. The Ja- and they are splendid figures on hnr ful air of Inviting cosiness-	pa nese had launches, lighters and even Arab horses, which they rule «i.uing-
along with them	gracefully. Another
and were in a position to commence that has attracted general attention
their is the 4th Gourkha Rifles, which, with
sh p. You can met who dues not speak a word of Japanese holding a long conference with a soldier of the Mikado, who knows no
mg a ter are catered to
men. The rank and
file show n spirit of patriotism that
NOTES.
to be furnished by tli*e process ol put- and general amenability to discipline Simple, graceful linos of drapery refaction which lakes place in the soil, that probably exceeds that of any oth-and good color is what sets a xsiu- Another question which is more cl if- corps here. The Japanese are not
an astute or successful person
English, or a Russian delivering an ^fixed grains fur feeding hogs are eloquent address to a group of >'kbs, |I8U;i|ly more economical than grains and the strange part is that they all M by thein8elve8.
understand. There seems a sv»‘v.al	,jQ l>rt.a^ a CONV 0f kicking when be-
bond of friendship, between British milked, put a rope around in front
and Japanese. The Russians, t rench ^ llle udder over and tie just behind
and Germans have shown great friend- | ^ ^ ^ ou rump. She may lay down ship for one another, and in tins camp
far away from the political capitals
of the world, there is much talk of
than
heads. At their shoulders in place of
but she can’t kick.
Study the farm in all ita phases There is some general information ap-
all cases, but there are
The Japanese transport service is	. .
conceded to be the best, although when rap# are pieces of chain mail "hu
such an alliance takiLg mure
plicable in also special features in every case
Learn to know them.
to it that the farm tools art
The
sympathetic, sentimental form officers detailed to duty in China exvaluable lessors
peel to learn many
ihms fashion of hanging a window is [•r-'perly called "cottage drapery ’ and warm red denim La one of the best goods for the purpose. A single width of the heavy fabric is enough
>ee
They have cure-
froin the ex^rieucv fully observed the methods of ihelr foreign comrades, and have made as full examination as possible of their equipment and system of trans-
nut exposed to the weather. Many fureur el vas in this matter, and
disembarking
transports let go anchors. They also * be possible exception of t he Sikh*,
contains the best fighting blood uf
mo me nt
the
CURIOUS asm ms
mers are
much damage and loss are incuncd

The different nations have different
to te carried
showed marked industry about organ-,amg their land transport once they India. They have lwen sent to Shang-
were on shore. Their decisive action hai, and if there is action they will m this respect, it is admitted, hur- undoubtedly do their share. 1 hey aie ritnl the relief of Pekin forward by little chaps, and, barring their dark many days. It is admitted that the color, would pass for Japanese. They Japanese were the pacemakers on the wear British khaki uniforms
It should be added, cross belts, and little round caps, with
thereby.
.	. Never hit a huise on the head, It
P°rt. H would bave beeu a good plan ^ ouly crueli but fooheb
to have had several officers detailed
superstitious practices for lh« straight fail at right and left <)u( R, th(i tim, bilhy i, born. The
11 :h« h. This gives s, ^ v \,
arms
You
English wish the baby misfortune, per-on the sides and necessitates hems 8ua(U.d that fate „i„ iys accomplishes
ouly at tops and bottom of the 3-yard (h<> oppo6ite of ont.* wish; the Irish
The hem at the bottom
may injure him and also make him t
halter puller. If repeated no men here who could have been spar- Umy8 the borati wi[i be afraid to ban
you approach his head. Such a hoist will never be safe for driving. Never use a whip unless a horse is vicious, and even then kind treatment will office-fifth of the population of Lon- ten do more to make him safe and deli, that iis to say, about 900,000 people, are systematically breaking the
wi Private Individuals may svt the 0f
law in action to punish the offenders	flowers in a day, or 2UO,OUU,uuO
by fin,- or eviction. But where is the evicted	tenant	to go in order to	lbis	number and the fertiliaation of
escape	the necessity of offending	^O.UUU flowers is worth but one cent,
again?	People	overcrowd because	tben	a 8ingie colony is worth #1U a
they cannot got	rooms, not I because	yaar	jGr this purpose alone,
they are not willing to pay for them.
The last census returned 8000 Lon-
for intelligence work, but there were
severs
lengths
. ; be about 3 m- b s dr p and .u
keep off all harm by a belt made of
hair; the Scotch put a knife
black
ed for the purpose
woman s
however, in that respect, that they chin straj*. They carry the kukri, were working under climatic condi- their national knife, in addition to lions that were entirely favorable to their Lee-.Met fords, and are surpris-The true test of the military ingly adept in using them.
the top it U merely a casing through
which to run a slender brass rod on
and pincers in the cradle ; in Holland
they put bread, meat, salt and garlic which the curtains are gathered and j^ crft<lle. in Britt,uiy. they pull
L.m *iueh they hang. A l.ounce of child’s limbs till i!r\v crack,they denim from 16 o 18 inch vs in depth

OVERCROWDED LONDON
r
them
useful.
A scientist estimates that the bttes
bat he its head in olive oil and moisten
strength of Japan is to come when she crosses bayonets and measures to try her Chinese regiment recruit-skill and courage with a European na- ed at Wei-Hai-Wei, and that inuch-tion, but this campaign has at least taiked-of command has rather proven demonstrated that she will be a nns- a failure. It must be admitted that ty nut to crack. Opinion in Pekin in- it was a severe test to try Chinese clines to the belief that she is fully against their own people, but still capable of checking any aggressive their friends had insisted that they movement on the part of Russia, on would show up well wherever they the Asiatic coast. In uniform, equip- were tried out. There were many de-
England has at last hud a chance
ls then made, is hung by small brass
its lips with brandy ; the Roumanians rings to a larger rod than tfe*	t.^ ft red ribbon about the foot of tbe
und fastened to fall in a flounce la in-
ordinary colony will visit 2,000,-
an
newly-born child ; the Turks drop water and earth u6i its forehead ;
| Greeks, taking the child in their arms turn, singing, three times before the hearth, and in Spain they stn>ke the I baby’s face branch
dren born at the new moon are sup-P'«ed to have tongues better hung
; than others, while those born at the Iasi quarter are suptxosed to have les* tongue but better reasoning powers. A daughter born during the waning
moon is always precocious.

season. If they fertilise one-tenth
brequin over the top of the curtains ihe ends of the flounce rod
the
in a
f
\)U per
could be finished off with small brass
balls, and if a touch of extra ornamentation is desired, the flounce may be made of red denim that u> striped
thrice with a willow
In t lie Vosges peasant chil
or figured.
Exactly the same effect us tb s can be gained by uatng single-faced valeurs and lining tbe plain surface with red sateen, and this season a goad use
is made of dull red or green burlaps. Both of these materials cost more, however, than the denim.
Now for a room where curtains are
doners as living eight or more in one 9000 as living seven and more
TO MEND CHINA.
La best mended in
ment and general appearance the Ja- sériions from the command, and it panese soldiers have made an excellent was necessary to shoot two of the
are clad in ' men

Fragile china
the following manner; Melt one teaspoonful of Mug law In A tablespoon-the population of tbe capital has in- çf boiUn? water. When diarolr-i
creased by 3UU.000 people. Thera are ^ add a teaspoonful of eau lie houses in London where rooms are let un the Doi-and-Cox principle, tenants
room
in a room, and nearly 26,000 as living
Since then '
r gross infractions of ordinary

impression. The men white and manage to keep remarkably di*_ ine. A third private was sennit. They are, for the most part, tenced to a long term of imprison-umlerri# W and slight, but they are meut for deserting his post while on strong and active. They have shown picket duty. They are not good sol-inclination to brutality in dealing diers, despit- the fact that there is
six and more in a room
1
Cologne or gin; stand the cup or jar
¦¦¦¦	in a basin of boiling water, waîm
with the Chinese but the barbarity good fighting material in the regi- occupying in rotation for eight hours tbp brojwn e(igea 0f the article to be
of the enemy is pointed out in explan- ment. It is possible that they have each. Sometimes a young woman men<ied at the fire, apply the mixture
will occupy the room by day, which is witb‘a cameVs-hiir brush, bring the let to u young man by night. People	together and hold until they
sleep under beds as well as in them, | „ and pay rent for doing so. Evicted
an
necessary, but from wibich no light wisely be excluded, a charming
A DESIRABLE WINTER PLANT
/
. an
Arrangement of drapery ia powibLe with cream Madras, cheese cloth or
I find the common «ingle petunia about the muet satisfactory plant for the winter window, mays March. No insect# bother mine. They have to be washed to keep the
not been given officers capable of properly handling them, but the fact remains that they are not good soldiers. The only white troops in the British army tire the Welsh Fusileers and the 12th Battery, both very effi-
ation and extenuation of their pol-
icy
Geneva
even snowflake that is striped in good This scarf decoration, while
then sot the article in a cool
THE BRITISH
grip/
safe place to harden is durable, and is especially suitable
This cement
ci lore.
it gives a window an elaborately garnished appearance, is too transparent
The work done here by the British rather serves to confirm the popular impression that the sailors of the Queen are better fighters than the soldiers of the Queen. Not that the
never
buds from blighting, and they will bloom all the time. They should be started in August, by taking up a young plant. Keep it pinched back to make it branch out, and after it be-
for delicate old china, as it is quite ANTIQUE OF THE CONSERVATORY . invisible, whereas must cements leave It was not so long ago that the a very perceptible and disfiguring possession of a dwarfed Japanese t ree ^^ark or crack, gave great distinct ion to ils owner and very big «unis were paid for the few specimens that came to this ouun- SOME OF THE MIRROR'S LE^SONia
try. To-day in a popular New York Actresses practise expressions be-•hotel the head waiter doe# a thriving fore their looking glasses, by so do-business selling those miniature lag becoming mist reuses of their own growths at a few dollars each. He countenances. I have often thought use# them as center pieces for the ta- % would be well if other women were Lie#, tags them in department store occasionally to do so. says a writer style, wit IT t he price# clearly marked, in a recent article, and finds ready purchasers in big I am sure the lugubrious would soon traveling public that patronises the lift up those drooping lips of theirs,
did they only know bow distressing
was

to shut off any desired daylight liberal amount of material is required in the make up of the full crossed
A
oient organisations.
___THE EUROPEANS.
Tie marine# landed at Tien Tsin by
latter have faltered or failed, but the
scarfs, edged with a coarse mam point de Paris lace that costs 0c a gins to bloom cut off * he long end# yard. Two widths of wide goods is occasionally, and you will never lack necessary to give a graceful amp- for bloom. The double balsam or lady
litude to every sido of the high loop- #Upper is another satisfactory plant
Plant late, prune often
A rattling Germany were a sturdy lot of men,
former have done so well good corps is tbe British naval con- sud they fought well. Th# troops now
tingent here. an:l its ranks are filled arriving from Germany include some
with as hardy and game a lot of men splendid appearing soldiers. T
German artillery seems to have attracted the greatest attention. The batteries are excellently equipped,and in their practice shooting have shown splendid marksmanship. One feature of the German infantry which has been
The
as ever answered a roll call. The British army is far and away the most picturesque, and most of its color conies from mystic India. Tbe great strength of the force is made up of Indian troops, which include in their ranks representatives of nearly all the classes and castes of that queer people. It seems remarkable to see the British commissariat bowing to all of the strange demands of caste, in the midst of a hard campaign. Yet such is the case, and has been since t he
ed garniture, and small brass rods for winter ore again must fittingly employed into the shape you wish and you will
The
!
| be delighted with the result As a matter of fact, unless a rich , .	makes a lowly vine fur a
brocade or weighty stuff is used nnd hanging basket or trellis. The dainty-tlte^ windows and room are lofty, laco-like leaves are very beautiful and ponderous wood or brass poles, with ]jgbl up a collection of plant#. large ringi and balls, are no longer considered , in good taste.
here.
generally remarked is the extreme youth of the enlisted men.
Besides the Japanese, the Russians the only nation to make a really large demonstration here have piled infantry and cavalry with a fair amount of artillery, in until
i
The quick popularity achieved by the effect of their hopelessness
And how certainly
They
are
THOSE LITTLE Ul CHINOS
would not, for example, be utilized with such hangings as are utilized
in the case of a tail draped with a view to shutting out th--y will say enthusiastically; "cov-ugly prospect, and yet securing all er everything with them. No trim-possible light. For this window the rning except lingerie lucks is ho sty-sash curtains are made of cheap Rsh.M
these charming little tree# lias so upon onlookers stimulated their cultivation and im- women who grimace would check the portât ion that practically any ome can habit were they confronted with a own one now. Gardeners of the Orient true counterpart of thûr extraordir can supply them at short notice, un- nary appearance when in the act ol less the registered variety is requir- doing it ! ed. These latter are the result of Besides looking-glass time, and can nrtf lie forced like the there is another piece of excellent ad* nom mon dwarf that sella for a few vice that should betaken in good part dollars. Good sums are still paid for by the woman of 4U who wants to a registered tree in a registered pot, keep her prettiness, It is a truism, chiefly, od course, for the value of the but it is worth writing in letters of two articles, but partly also for the gold in her room, so that every time discriminating taste in knowing how she enters she shall perceive it. 1 he
» —- — - — « yi-UTh
Don't worry !"
They
Astk eqghl out of any ten fish ion-window able dressmakers about rue bin g and

their posts are everywhere. The Cossack cavalry appears very effective, but the rest of Russia’s soldiery fails
Tbe ranks seem filled
regiments of Indian troops were recruited and organise been some concession from the chlien- im white Madras at 21c a yard. Thvsc little ruehings solve many an drenof M	fhe twice-born
The edging and bands of insertion awkward problem, and especially Hindus, but for the most part there done wvtb an inexpensive wash are they helpful to tall, thin women has been a r g id adherence to ill of lace and then the whole window is who can cover up many hollows and 'he laws of caste. 1 he- most famous framed with two Long Singapore mats, angularities with yards of the little rregiment in the Indian contingent is So universal!/ popular are these gathered fabric.	the lst > khe. they are from Punjab,
widths, wovei of grass and dyed in Tiny ruehings of liberty silk, ehif- ând al1 Hindus, tall, sparse and state-bands of red and blue and yellow, fon and net arc placed everywhere If in appearinee. True to creed, they that they need no recommendation, possible on the gown that is not to cut neither hair noi beard, and while In this instance the fringed ends of be washed.	tbey twist the former up in a neat
two mats me* t in the center of the They are not wide; varying from coiffure, they wind the latter around
upper wood fa* in g of the window and half an inch to an inch; from three their ears unite in a large loose knot. Drawn to eight rows are used on the hem of ectits, Oriental trousers that bag not from the knot, to right and left, the ruffles to give that swirl to the low- only af the knees, but everywhere,
lengths ore knotted again around big or part of the sddrt which is so noo- PQttera about ,he r BlaQ* ca v<'a’
They are used very much Jlltas « Indian sandale’ and a lt>n« corners of tbe window facing and on petticoats also. Many of the new puggerees which y ' * *	' Ul
then they drop their fringed ends to ^Uk skirts have from three to six rown	1,1
the floor	at <h,m at the	bottom of a tarifa- arm, beef,	not became	the, fear	em-
For „ ion*, low	window ,o mo,, pf.ltmd flounce.	b*1®10»	ether	but
an
There have
rehearsals
/
to impress from the lowest peasantry, and one seeks in vain down a long line of faces
I

are
for a look of intelligence. The men do not seem to be very well fed or cared for, yet they are hardy and sturdy enough. They fought valiantly whenever put to the test, but you find yourself wondering just what there is back of it all, whether they have that fine moral fiber that makes ideal courage or whether there is not a barbaric touch to it. Some of their acts incline you to the latter theory that as It may, they are fighters,and many who are not naturally inclined to be their friends credit them with saving Tien Tain in the hour of sorest peril. Tbe men are undersized and squatty in appearance, and easily the
advantage
«
The secret of success is constancy
to purpose.—Disraeli.
Let us have faith that right makes
might; and in that faith let us dare
to do our duty as we understand it.—
Lincoln.
This is the season of the year when you can get what you don't want real
ly cheap.
They wear long kabki
Did youi pastor's ocean trip benefit him much? No; he seems to be more at eea in his sermons than ever.
Be
Clark— The boss has taken bis son
Stark—Bright) boy,
iron hook nail# driven in the top esxiry
into the firm ehf I understand he’s an A M, Clark —No; he never eh owe up till P.M., end some days not even then.

>

###PAGE###3###








4
r
.r - ^
1

!




r ' •*
r -

i



\

the newly lighted gas was singing a dismal chorus.
4 I ve been reading hor story,M said Lashmar, *
so powftjful.-^altoget her fresh and simple, fervent and true To think that Hold wood's daughter should be a genius and that kind of a genius. Such a book must make a hit."
*\
LAST OF THE ESQUIMAUX
able to withstand the rigors of the lat itude in winter, it is no longer an
FOR THOSE VVttlNKLMA
i
UNREQUITED LOVE.
To be ae lovely as possible ought
«-i.iy matter for them l.o secure food, to be one of the alms of every woman, since much	bus tt	i
kille<l or driven out of the country, one aim the great object of her life,
there Is no harm In a desire to be beautiful
It is delightful—so new
A STRANGE RACE Willl.H IS RAPIDLY
PASSING AWAY.

and so long as she does not maM this

Hence the lot of the natives is a grievous one. To make matters worse for them, several years of trading and association with the whites have robbed them of much of their thrift and industry and imbued them with it approaching shiftieesneas. have acquired many of the ex;#enaive	ejae
habits common to the white man and have strangely learned, little th.it
ÜpEiiP™
hn,| h,*-	tfr VI1 wt,man fllie “ Did she care for him all the time ?" quietly
park the other day "	"" Neatoriua asked himself. "Was it for sometime» wrong; lh.ee or four of
r.	fr
SSSSSS1E #fsrîr E" ~
Laehmer, forgetting himself	no secret passion there. Womanly „lg bow Stella had been trained by
: :,r %%%%% ; IV,:E Frf r r	=%=	2-==
to some situation l ha I she likes bet. 1	! l,	b"n’ ,rough Uy the | t'ower °* .Mliwent on the part of the ally shun him and leave him to shift
morning s post.
It was from Stella. There was n ; address, but the postmark was Hrumm.
" You may see this letter, for it con-
sume women have an ad van-
4 "Itch'll i*f i lie If mu mit of lift! of Thf*r >»riii-1 ii India a l’#Hfae! Wiiii wi,i«, Hen,
1 here is imminent danger of the total extermination of I he Esquimaux or Inidans who inhabit the western coast of Alaska. M vas les seems to lie iheir most fatal enemy. While suffering with the disease the patients will not remain in places of warmth, but almost invariably svek the cool places, sleeping out of doors in I he rain or on the cold, damp ground, and pneu-
tage over others by being born pretty, but the roses in one's cheeks will fads like any other flower unleiw they ar# dally fed and nourished.
Crow's feet and wrinkles perhaps disfigure a face quicker than any-
When the age lines begin to appear, extra care must be given the face. If the tissues are wasted useful or beneficial. So many of the	they should be	built up.	The	relaxed
Indians bave I*en sick during the	muscles must	be	given	strength ;	11
fishing season that it was impossible cheeks are hollow they should be mad# for I hem to lay in the necessary sui>-	1‘lump again
plies fur the winter. It ,s becoming a	etarved for propei	i »od	it is	a w
• vs duty to find what tonic if needed and to use It.
Xul Ini|iruveil l»y
“ That was what the publisher's reader told me," answered Nestorius
"'Publishers' readers are
a spir-They
i
When the pores grow
t
occurrence for parties of white proepeetore travelling through
for himself. He takes this as a mat- the country to corne upon tor of course, and usually does not or distressed Indian villages and find wait for others to leave him, but takes several unburied dead bodies in the Ins blanket and repairs to a point ' tents and huts some distance from them and makns young children have been found,wh
P*r®fll	ii iv.- died, leaving them
tlrely without support.
common
publisher s reader.'*
Yes, she has Iwen fed on the best food. I have laughed at seeing her
The coming
t wrinkles is ever dreaded, although many persons are heard to say, 'Oh. I don’t mind them,
True, but and If one has by and by
en- th .11 be nothing ; lb to look
ter. But 1 am disappointed in her ; for I always thought her a head and shoulders abov** the common type of girl."

de.serf ed

they are 'character lines
poring over Homei 01 Virgil, tains n message for you," said \er- mother told me that girl knew Milton ner, after he and Nestorius bud ex-
My
In several
cases the face Is small use very much "character
«
better than any one she had ever met, except John Bright, and that she had Shelley and Keats interwoven in lier memory. My mother never oared for inferior writers, and the mill in which Stella worked ground only the finest I corn."
his bed
changed a few friendly words, the old man much surprised at the statesman's return. "It is for your eye, but no oilier. He sure you do nut mention it to Lord Lashmar."
"Certainly nut, if she desires otherwise."
"You will see "
Nestorius read the letter in the fine clear hand he knew so well from the girl's manuscript.
"Do not be unhappy about me, dear friend and master," she wrote, have done that which is best for my owu happiness. My life at Lashiuar has been a very hard one ever since ' my benefactor's death, and something occurred yesterday, to make it unlsmrable. 1 could not stay in that house another hour."
CHAPTER XXI.
Mr. Nestoriue's telegram was in the hall when Lord Lash mar returned to the castle, and Nestorius himself arrived at half-past nine o’clock next morning, startling the select few who remained after the shooters had gone off to their sport.
" Why in heaven's name, did she leave this house ?" exclaimed Nestorius alone with Lushnnar in the library. " What can it mean ?"
" It means that 1 am a brute," answered Lashiuar, " 1 set my face against her from the first; 1 was resolved to see nothing but evil in her-I was hard, cold, cruel, pitiless, saw her youth blighted by hard usage, and never entered one plea in her behalf. And then when I came back to the
Hundreds have died during the present season from the Aleutian Islands to Point Harrow, the most northerly P°int of the Territory. Out of a native population of 3 )0 on St. Lawrence Island thirty-six have died within a month, and the ratio has been much chanism we know not," answered Nes- the same around Cape Prince of Wales torius giavely. "The education of sub- King Island, the Diomedes,. Sinrock, j mission may havj Ixen the best edu- Nome, Golovin Bay, St. Michaels, and, cation fur genius; but it was not a in fact, every settlement. The same joyous experience."	is true of the Siberian coast, and at
No, she lias been badly treated. Do the present death rate, aimther year you think that i shall deny that af- or two will see the last of the pecu-
I te[	C°n,^ir ,tbi8 m0rningr ““J race'	repose «here. Such a thing as rob-
asked Lashmar, lutterly.	The books of the old school referred king one of these grays ,a never
I think	you are	full	of generous	to the Esquimaux a. a people who	thought of	by a native, but	they pr
insi incis	—	marred	by	perverted	built and lived in snow and ice houses	a	prolific	source 0f relics for
"Provide., has bee. very good
me and I have found new friends and i	f .	j " 1 n ‘,fU <! ’ ,s r< gnef1, *hey XNei(* ,U " graves are also frequently desecrated cles so relaxed that little ba*s of flesh
a new homo with kind, homely peuple ^	da“*ni,b|y;	; 8cnl*<l 118 Messed in furs and driving	by	wolves,	foxes and native	dogs, these «'111 hang down on each side of ihe
3 1	1 '	and that	by	way of	revenge she will	I dog team This description was partly
make you the noblest Vife an Eng. ' correct and partly wrong. The nat
lish gentleman need ever hope to win hero drive dog teams, live largely
I lor himself."
at
Now, supposing one has been care-
The Indians of Alaska do not bury their dead, but place the bodies on i)ie platforms arranged of brush or poles a few feet above the ground, usually , wrapped tightly in skins or blankets. jc,,riier9 of the eyeg When an Indian dies all Lis personal of character effects are taken to his last rest
b'ss and ficowlvd for years over books or work

The forehead has become full of ugly Jong wrinkles, and
I
even
rows fe t are plainly visible In the
Unlovely traits as well as lovely ones, h av «•	¦ i lion :	- i- the e, .1 :
ing place with him, and the se pe.cu- they are never becoming ones, not thf liar graveyards are quite numerous lines one wishes left there.
In the territory, being marked by
sledges, guns, spears, knives and oth-
I
Fate weaves in a loom whose me-

lt possible, time should be giver* every morning to the following treatment Soften, cleanse and relax the
1
er articles of jwrsonal property, that belonged to the persons whose remains
muscles by washing with a soft cloth or rponge in warm water and back, never down
Rub up The lines oi
tiie face naturally tend downward, nv<$ and to take a rough towel and wipe 'ho the face by rubbing downward will
castle the other day and saw grown to graceful womanhood, saw
her
' V ? é
her strange and spiritual beauty, 1
was angry with myself for admiring ' a home in which 1 can work at lithe r, I was angry with her for being ] ^rature until I am able to win my
independence. Directly that is won, 1 shall come back to you and carry out the dream of my life, which is to have a cottage and a pretty garden by the river you and 1 love so well—the river by which I spent so many happy days in my childhood and which always recalls the memory of the dear friend 1 lost."
chin
The cheeks will be hollow and sunken in consequence.
After wiping upward, massage the face by gently pinching and squees-
animals tearing through the
ping and devouring the remains, it
on is a frequent occurrence to find hu-,.v	... „ .	..	f,«b and the fa, of walruses, hear and	»kull, or bone, lying «long Urn
You th.n* .he will ever be brought other an,mal,, and wear fur., but they ,^cU of lhe ** „ the cr*k!l> w*hIth. ,
to lorgtrs dmÎ ! ered Lashmu, live in 11 dugoati 11 or underground excitedly.	j houses, rather than of houses built
"1 think you are both passionately , of snow or ice, in winter. In summer in love with each other, and that it they
needs but one look and one word from and their habits at this season are you to heal every wound you ever in- ; much like those of the American Inare more in-
wra li-
ves
so superior to hei station, for giving the lie to all my prejudices. I saw her throw herself at your feet and kiss your hand and I was mad with rage •t the spectacle. 1 accused her of trying to entrap you with an offerplaying for high stakes."
" You accused her of trying to entrap me !" cried Nestorius. " Did you do that, Lashiuar f What if I tell you that 1 had just asked her to lie	my	thank him with all	my	heart for his
wife, asked heir with zts earnest	en-	goodness to me and	that 1 am happy
treaty as ever man made to the	wo-	to leave the fate of	my	first book in
man of his choice ? I had so asked	his hands. If the book	should he a
ing It—always using the upward mo
.,	,	,	tion; never dragging a mi. down
er they have been carried by the beaut. ward. A11 thia tlme the angeM ar,
and left to bleach and form ghastly anointed with the
reminders ->f death for the Argonaut food, that is gradually t ig rubbed of the new age
proper tonic or ski:
r
r
ve in tents of hides or canvas
into the pores
like little mouths, and they should bi kept filled with the proper food, Instead of with dust and dht.
T q ,	.	with care, flabby cheeks can bi
Their winter house, are formed by n Sweden is a town whose example D;ade flrm and round by this con.tan1
is only you who are noble," cried Laeh- ' digging circular pita to the depth of m,yal lw U:lowed with advantage by fc.ed|ng of the pore, and rubbing up, five or six feet, with concave walla, any community that desired eventual ward ,	‘‘I have lived twenty years longer tj,e pit being perhaps two feet across freedvm £rom taxation
her and she had refused me.	It was	failure, I	shall be more sorry u,sm	than you, and I have	learnt one of	at the	top and tan feet at the bot
friendship, gratitude, which	.he of- j that kind	friend’s account, than upon	the lessons that time	teaches,” an-	loln. A flap ia 8,,reatl over tho top
fered me on her knee—«11 unworthy , my own.	s we red Neslorius, gravely. " I have 1 „o that a portion of it may be re- oI timber trees. Oran's Town Coun- no more
God bless you, dear friend, and be	j	learnt the wisdom of	renunciation.	' muvw,	lo allow smoke to pass out	cU	Dl>w	*«Us	timber	at	the	rate	of	a	looae	8kin	wll‘	kll>	wrinkles, for, ai
ribe refused to marry you-ehe, my	sure that	absence will not lessen my	,	Not another word, Lashmar, I am too	1 and to	... thfl fra„h air RnLr wl '	» 150,000	a year,	and	with	the	proceeds	a	seneral	thlny'	ther	flre	the	r*‘
™ther’'	affBction the teacher, to whom 1 old for sentiment. Let us go and in- ! "e weather U Irtiîularïy warL Pa>" £he bills tor all municipal ex- iault °* "abb‘"*«- The fatty »,b
Ye.it i..lr..ge,i.lt not, She owesomuchmorethaornyiovingcar. tervi.w this witch of your., .ml see,Pen.,,. DmludW street railway and	^ ^ "
sHrTf'^F*2I“*~-r-.-*. .	—.œ“¦^s......
highest bidder She has curious prim- for my abiding guest in Dreamland Lashmar had his phaeton at the through the floor of the main or liv- latitudo’ "Q ^e icy coast of Green- | paper mask.
Hive notions that a woman can only Cottage.	door, and they drove off to Thorleigh ing room. Here the winter's provisions land’ “ a tiu* lown of 234 inhabitants
givt* neiseir in marnage tu a man she " Don't you think that would be common and the muddy accommoda- are stored, and here the entire family	6,1 tbe distinction of being of age. mix 30 grains of turpentim
loves, and sh • does not love me.” rather a good name for my house, if |	tion	lane which led to Mrs. Minch in’s	sometimes eight or ten people live	l^e mudt northerly town in the world, with three drachms of water and ap
eat and sleep. When the weather is	IUl inhabitant3 W 00 taxes of any	Ply the lotion at night. For somi
the	dismal drawing-room. They	excessively cold the flap at tb% top	description, for the simple reason	j Diis preparation works beautifully,
P.S.—On no account let any one* waited about ten minutes, which lB (|ravvn ^own tightly and the air tilat moueY 13 absolutely unknown. fur ' ' j	H nuL* A *enera.!>
Rut no upbraiding you 1 A( the castle, except Mr. Nestorius,	seemed fifty to La shin a impetience,	jn the	pit is breathed over and over	Towards	tile extremity of the other
oould bestow upon me could intensify	know that you have heard from me."	and then the door open-.., and- two	again,	while the sanitation often as-	h*mL8Pbere	ia another town, the peo-
my mam of my brutal folly. All kinds	" Thank God she has not fallen am-	rather commonplace-looking ladles en-	aumee	a (rightful condition causing	ple	are moneyless, but not
of horrors have presented Uiemselves	ong thieves," said Nestorius, when he j tered the room. The first was a little	people	to marvel that any of the na-	po^r* Tkia	LS thé Communist eoleny
to my mind, even the idea 0? suicide, had read this letter. And y * in the old woman in a skimpy black silk tives survive.	Cosmo, iro Paraguay. AU intend-
that she might have rushed down to n0It moment his blood ran cold at gown, a sort of gown which such Old They get tlwir fire by burZlihg oil ^u8me *®tftera must absolutely the river and flung herself in—" the thought of the pitfalls that gape ladies weautena fear's end to year’s in R	nrm‘ H	_/whi_h accept Communistic principles ami be
"No. no,’’ interrupted Nestorius, for unwary feet in such a city as UrfTBTu drops to pieces. The second '	str ll arl lr- total abstainers. They must, too, de-
quickly. " 1 have no fear of such sin- Brumrn.	'	was a girl of middle height, very fair,	%% iLu of wicks	P-* a sum “J	sufficient to
ful folly. My only fear is for the dan- Re went	back to the castle and got	with insipid, flaxen hair, dull and dead	, a m»m of walrus fat	is aiw,« pay their return ticket.	In the colony
‘ n” of SrZiïÜSZZZr- rid °£ the g™le an,t dUSt °l “ lo,,e l00kinB ,,a t0W’ and the ,,,0St expres- b»,,g ôter tbl. tamp, and the heat ia aU	M	aud
.'She wa, oennUeas ' .aid L^hmar r,'lw'? j““r“'îl and issued forth «lonless countenance Lashmar bad continuity trying out the oil. Vermin *	VV‘Uiam Lane, an Aus‘ e Lady Caminuw surest I fr°m dreasin«-room refreshed and ever seen.	| flourish in such circumstances, and traIla“.’ was tb« foundttr al Coa,ne-
.	.	. ,dy 7 suggest, rejuvenated, but he did not stay to I hope your ladyship's distinguish-	f th ]d h , „ that h 0 which i3 one of the very few Oommun-
.d^h.h.d borrow^ mousy from^^_ He ieft a tittle not. for sd friend not come here to scoff,” Cn .bL^Z for ^TjnUin C ^^ement. which b.v. not prov-you' »	Lord Lashmar to the effect that he said Mrs. Minchin.	i in 8uch nunlbeirs that it is danger- ** absu,1,lte £ada'ea.
ous for travellers to make their camping ground within bailing distance over night.
These pores absort


Dieted upon that pure and generous dian, except that they heart."
FREE FROM TAXATION
Please tell Mr. Nestorius that 1
.
dust rious

"Oh 1 it is you who are generous, it

Note how lines about the eyes This is | run. then rub them out
mar
Many o#
Ors.i, which, 40 years ago, covered all I them are superficial, and when scarf available town lands with plant itiona akin is removed the wrinkles will b•
Any tonic that will build u|

I
as I am. Love a ho could not give me
Many of these pre
I

Just as soon as the skin shows signs


y
She is a strange being," murmur-
ever I am happy enough to own one < dreary abode. They were shown into ed Lashmar, You are very merci- Your ever grateful pupil. Stella ful in your silence," he said, after a



ill
long pause
successful mixture, however, is ont drachm of alum and one ounce #
g> lcerlne In a pint of water.
Again, some women cannot use glycerine In any form, in ££dt cA5e th# following cream may be tried One ounce of wool fat One ounce white wax.
One ounce spermaceti.
One ounce olive oil.

i

One-fourth ounce camphor gum.
The camphor gum should be dissolved In the oil ; add everything else warm until the mass is melted, thee beat until cold. Use the cream on retiring. The wool fat restores the fatty substance to the empty tissues and helps to make the skin firm and healthy.
A mixture of tannin, one ounce , rose water, five ounces ; glycerine, two ounces, applied with a camel’s hair brush, Is said to be wonderful in itl effect In.removing the age lines.

" unies
r
Did Lady Carminow make that
had an appointment in Brumrn, and Mr. Nestorius explained that there suggestion ? How like Lady Carminow! that he would meet him at half-past was nothing further from his thoughts
N >.she had no money from me, poor
child 1"
"You say that she has literary aspir- , étions," said Lashmar, "and you im-
I
three in the coffee-room of the Lion than scoffing.
and Lamb, when they would go to-; " You look it," said the old lady, gaz- | gether to the cave of the sibyl
| Having Ibua stolen a march upon j Mth and enthusiasm in your face. Lashmar, and left himself free to pur- i Begin, Griselda, begin," she added',with sue his inquiries, unheipod and unbin- an excitable air. dered, Mr. Nestorius hired a fly in
the village and drove to Brumrn,where 6lda ?" asked Nestorius. he first took a hasty luncheon, and I " Her real name is Sarah Ann Cur! then did three or four hours' private Ws," replied Mrs Minchin, "Griselda detective work on his own account, ex- 1* the name the spirits gave her when paring street after street, inquiring she first came to live with me. It is closely in all manner of quietly re- the name by which she is known in spectable neighborhoods where such a the spirit world."
Gray—They arc beginning to have
While shut up in these litl le pits the typewriters on the stage. Black-natives occupy themselves by manu- 1 know; but it's a piece of affecta-facturing spears, clothing and boats tion. No typewriter that ever was for use when the season opens, and by invented can begin to write as carving odd knick-knacks from the: rapidly as the average actor with the ivory of the walrus, to be sold to i lie common everyday pen. white curio gatherer. Many of them are very adept in this line and make handsome smoking pii>es, pipe stems, cigar holders, watch guards, sleeve buttons, and other articles of ivory, carving designs of walruses, Indians, fish and various objects on them remarkably true to life. A favorite bit of work for them is to make a watch , from twelve to fifteen inches long out of one piece of ivory, the links being tiny seals or walruses alternating with human hands or fishes or polar bears. The ivory obtained • from the walrus is put to numerous ; uses. From it they make their spears I knives and runners for sledges. Frequently sledges are seen with runners ten feet long made of ivory and : so skilfully put together that it is dificult to see the joints.
The advent of the white man in the region bas taken from the natives several of their main supports, and is in a large measure responsible for the
ing up at him admiringly. " I can see
ply that she has talent for writing."
" She has more than talent, Lashmar, She has genius—original genius, rarest gift in these days, of imitative art. But I will not ask you to believe this upon my assertion. You shall judge for yourself, if you will allow me to ask for my letters here."
Lashmar rang the bell and Mr. Nestor ius's letters were brought, among them a packet of printer’s proofs, which Nestorius opened, unrolled and arranged in sequence with the deftness of hands accustomed to dealing with proofs.
"Read for yourself," he said, "when you have en hour's leisure. That is the beginning of Stella’s story, I read the whole of it in manuscript." He was weary, disheartened, and al-
Lord Lashmar gave a detailed ac- together disgusted with himself at count of bis efforts in Brumrn. He half-past four o'clock, when, punctual blushed like a girl when he came to to the veu*y minute, he entered the ho-thn story of his hunt for a clairvoy- tel coffee-room, and found Lashmar •nt, and his call upon Mrs. Minchin. drooping despondently over a local "It was utter foolishness, of course, newspaper, inspired by a silly woman.”
I
i
Knowledge and timber shouldn't be much a>p l till they are seasoned.— Oliver Wendell Holmes.
i
Your young friend's name is Gris-

u

The Young Grow Old
Before Their Time.

f
i

Nestorius and Lashmar were both
girl as Stella might naturally seek
for an inexpensive lodging; but by gaging earnestly at the young lady a strange fatality, avoiding just that 80 baptised. It taxed their faith con-one long narrow street on the way to siderably to .be^told there could be the cemetery, and that one particu- sympathy and communion between lar chandler's shop in which the Chap- J thi8 atolid looking creature and the
world of disemlkulied souls. Never did


When youth shows infirmity, when waste has not been repaired. It won’t old age efreeps in lie fore its time,when repair itself. Dr. A. W. Chase's Nerve the days that should be the best of Food furnishes in condensed pill form manhood and womanhood are burden- the nerve nutriment which repairs ed with aches, pain and weakness, we nerve waste. There rests the secret of know that the nervous system is wear- j the wonderful cures made by this ing out and that there is Imminent great nerve-building medicine, danger of nervous prostration, paralysis, locomotor ataxia or insanity.
/

M
mans had their dwelling place
any human countenance seem more of the earth earthy
Mr. A. T. P. Lalaroe, railway agent HP I I 1-	1	at Clerenceville, Que., writes: "For
IIow we admire ( tie oi l m years twelve years I have been run down crowned with silvered hair, yet erect ; with nervous debility. I suffered :n stature, faculties retained with vi- much. and consulted doctors, and used gor necessary to the declining years medicines in vain. Some months ago I —cheerful, bright, grand old age. How heard of Dr. Chase's Nerve Food, used lamentable is youthful infirmity, two boxes, and my health improved ao middle-aged enfeehlernent, parting of rapidly that I ordered twelve more, the ways too S ion, told by rest karmas,
To Be Continued


THE FIRST DOLLAR.
Oh, yes, I have always kept the first dollar I ever made. It was such a bum piece of work that I couldn't spend it I
And the counterfeiter laughed heartily at the recollection.
/
The police had been able to tell him " Yea, no doubt it ia all foolishness/' I nothing. It was es if the earth had answered Nestorius thoughtfully ; I opened and swallowed the girl for "and yet how we all hanker after it, whom they were searching, that mysterious something, beyond the "She must have gone to London," border-line of hard fact f I'll go with said Lashmar; "that is the only place you to the sibyl this afternoon if you in which any one could so completely like—after we have seen the police | vanish from human ken." end heard what they have done for
1 can say frankly that this treatstarting up violently during sleep,	ment h*2 no equal in foe medical
morning languor, tired, fagged, worn-	world. While using Dr. Chase's verv«
out; trembling limbs, worried brain,	Fool I could feel my system bidng
mind aimless and depressed.	built up until now I am strong and
cruel decimation	of	their numbers	by	Whatever the indirect cause, the	healthy. I cannot recommend it toe
disease	and	want.	The	whites	have	condition is lack of Nerve Force—nerve ,	highly for weak, nervous people.'1
*
i

If facts speak for themselves, what J traded the natives out of their furs,
wonderful faets some women's tongues j and have contributed largely to the
extermination of the fur-bearing ani-
Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food.
Nestorius knew she bad not gone to must Lc And now I am off to my old | London, but he held bis peace friend Verner. who be in Stella’s
ns
A man never knows how much he I mais, have compelled the Indians, to They were alone in the coffee-room really loves a girl until she rejects) wear clothing of a different charac-where the*e was no (ire, and where him.

Is prepared in condensed pill form and on every box is fotvid thto pore trait and signature of Dr. A. W. Chase. Insist on having the genuine 60cts, a box, at all dealers or Kdmanson Bates & Co. Toronto™
confidence."
ter, consequently rendering them un

l

###PAGE###4###



'
«$
t

>48-	- .V/




Removal !
V
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
it
At hia meeting at Ladysmith last Wednesday Mr. Murray is credited with the statement that all the Hudgins and Armstrongs in Clarendon were supporting him. At Otter Lake on the same day he is reported to have said that Shaw-ville was “ solid " for him. If after this
SH AWVILLE.
Wheat, old, (standard) t< 44 new
Oats per bushel, L’O to 2«*tc. Pease per bushel, 00 to .Vie Kggs, per dozen, 1-v Butter, per pound, 17 to IS Wool, per pound. Id to lSr Belts, each, Oh to .lor.
SHAWVILLE, Nov. 1, 1900.
EDITORIAL NOTES.
MASSE Y - HARRIS^ W A R E - ROOMS QALE BROS.
70 t
HAVE
REMOVED THEIR
Br. Gabonvy said at nomination that it ' ftt8hion Mr. Murray is figuring on Ins one was lie who induced Mr. Murray to take ! thousand majority next Wednesday, we tho Held in the present contest. Vrv-» Ij i -the I h nd two or three others
< nposing the ring—the seif-constituted Ifr,,ni the truth would be hard to conceive rectorat# of Liberalism in Pontiac. The I °f people of course see through it
fancy ho will have a rude awakening. Than tho above, assertions further

I
Tinware Shop
OTTAWA
i
HEAD-QUARTERS FOR
Mr. Murray, in tho inmost recesses
Butter, prin
per lb.
“ pulls, ID to îilc. pci lb I\u:,us. ftv -h. lv. per <loz. Potatoes, to to t."»v. per hag. Apples. to 7.V. per bag. Lamb, P to lie. per lb.
Mutton, O» to Sc. peril*.
Beef. I1J to5Je. per 11*.
Pork. to #7.50 per 100. Chickens, It! to 00c. a pair.
s
of his heart, of course, knows better
to tho premises on
Pickanock Street
recently purchased by them and recently occupied by
G, W. Swatman.
but statements and rumors of this kind, îlt the (and the air is full of them at present) tup of the ballot-paper to he used in tbis| are a|j Süt afloat with the object of deelection. The n&im-s of the candidates
Mr. Braliazon’s name will appear
Harness,
Collars,
Bells,
Whips,
Robes,
Coats,
Rugs,
Blankets,
ceiving the electors with the idea that op-arc separated by heavy black bars and I position to the man from Pembroke is the white space: at the right of the names useless. Wo warn the electors against is for the voter’s mark. Select the top being caught by any such poppycock. It
space and put your X there for Brabazun, 1 ia an old trick of the Grits, and is being | Oats, 28 to:*0e. per bushel
Bay, $8.00to $0.00 per ton Wool. 1 i to 17o. per lb.

Cutters,
Sleighs,
Sloops,
<>ur county man
resorted to everywhere throughout the
Customers will (Indus with
country in the present contest with super The Ontario government has enumber-1 huœan diligence
ed ballot by which it can trace the vote	______

A full line of Goods
LooK out for
Washers, Wringers, Churns,
Sewing Machines,
of the elector and punish him if ho has not voted for the government candidate. But the Luuier Government cannot do
and prepared ns y^ua) to execute all order# in the jobbing lino in a prompt and satisfactory manner.
I
Whatever his ability in other regards, it must bo confessed Mr. Murray has got the science of political canvassing down
BARGAINS
this. The vote is secret. The ballot cannot be followed. Whatever relations you have with the Federal or tho provincial Government, you can safely vote for the expulsion of Tarte and the suppression of boodling.
DALE BROS.
to its finest point. Approaching a farmer for his vote, the Pembroke man in his hail-fellow, woll-iuet style, accoste him thus : “ Well, how are you getting along j You have had a prosperous year I, presume i ” The farmer, considering the
G. Lane, Methodist chaplain | Sj(kJ harve8t "hich ha« M betfn re*H.
naturally replies in the affirmative. Mr.
«
Axes, &c.
"S3 Shovels,
IN MILLINERY
C3r
PONTIAC
All through the Season
W my stock i> large and well selected I am able to suit all customers in style and prive, and I know it will be to your advantage to call before you purchase elsewhere.
1
WOOLLEN
, /
Rev. W
with the second contingent in South Africa, declares that the emergency	.
rations which the Government purchased 80 = everything „ going well ; the coun
from a political heeler at two dollar, a "ln a	* condilion-
pound, were worse than sawdust. This do» t you th.nk it would be a very untransaction was not only a glaring scan- I Wl8a move to turn out Laurier, since he
dal and swindle but a blot on Canada's fair name. Yet the government have made no effort to punish the perpetrator, but father did its utmost to shield him id the head of the department who was responsible. Turn the rascals out !
SMART & SMITH.
food ! Murray expects this and adds : 1 thought j Thanking (lie Indies of Shaw ville and am
¦	rounding	mtry for their past favors.
MILLS.
«|rs. T. McWilliams.

O
This well-known and reliable establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
/
ha* accomplished this very satisfactory state of affairs / Tho farmer doesn’t get time to suggest that other causes may have contributed to his prosperity, before Mr. Murray tells him ho is a supporter of Laurier, and therefore it is his, (the farmer's) duty to give him his vote, etc.,
Dr. Gaboury, who claims to have the I etc. First denying to the Conservative Liberal patronage, says he could get no-	party the fruits of its eighteen years of	The	Government	and	tho	Canal
ling for the county because of Poupon/s	masterly statesmanship, this man	even
votes against the government. «hist	has the audacity to venture to rob	Prof Liberal | vidence of the credit of one of Hi.	moat	Ject	which wa8,1,ade	tho	subiect vf a“ ar
tide in our last week’s issue, and in which
we so much needed tor years to come. No, the Liberals have shown no particular sympathy for the requirements of Pontiac, and the people now have the opportunity of returning the compliment ly voting fur Brabnzon.
Drug's Chemicals
a
/
and
Our stock of Clotl]
Including all the finest makes in

In further reference to the canal pro
SERGES, TWEEDS WORSTEDS, &c. &c.
DRUG
Another example
The statement plainly ! benignant gifts—a good harvest
64 cold justice vyUYcys the idea that unless the people \ >te Murray they will get nothing—not a dollar in the way of assistance or development. Put the money that should come to the county as its just right will be used in an effort to bribe the v< tvrs to sustain
9
it was pointed out that notwithstanding
the very superior opportunities ottered to It is rather amusing t" read the clumsy government to aid in a woik of such
attempt of Mr. Murray's tiry.i'n organ to j magnitude, they utter'y lacked the make it appear that the convention which presented its pet candidate with the Literal nomination here on the 11th ult., was of genuine character. In reply to ! our assertion that it was packed for Mur-I ray, it asks how we know that, and if we
are needed every day
$
6*
9
will he found choice mid complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAHKFVL INSPECTION INVITED.
statesmanship to embrace them. Now, in order to emphasize tho point, that this great project has been discouraged rather than advanced by the present government, we have merely to recite tho facts : It will bu remembered that during the session of 1808, our late member, Mr.
In the Kitchen
a discredited and doomed government. The men of Pontiac will spurn the bribe 1 help turn the rascals out by voting for Brabazon on the 7th.
A. MO DG! ft S,
P RO RO P SI ETO R
Vanilla and Cream Tartar for Cakes, for instance : one is a drug, of course ; the other a “ chemical and there I
are others—Si-ices of all kinds, Cloves, Cinnamon, &c. I hlQ DIFFERENCE.
The best place to get drugs is at a Drug Store. The Drug- If™ gist knows more about them than other people. We keep a good Drug Store. Come and ask us about Kitchen Drugs.
tm
can name one individual who can sub-jn | stantiate tho statement. Yes, friend,
Poupore, introduced the subject in the House in a most forcible speech, backed up by such an array of minute data and fact, that the interest and attention of tho whole country became engrossed in the scheme. Sir Wilfrid Laurier made a reply in which lie complimented Mr. Poupore on the very able manner in which lie had presented the subject, and he gave it to be understood that if he (Sir Wilfrid) could be satisfied on cettain points, the government would favorably entertain the proposition. By the next session of Parliament (1809), when Mr.
Despite all the tooting and blowing
dulged ini,y the Muvmyite* about big w® can name a dozen if necessary
therniore. we know for a fact thaf two
Murray men tramped all through Bristol, till they were foot sore and weary, so to speak, trying to drum up “ delegates " to attend the so called convention, and that, sad to relate, they didn't succeed. Again, that a Shaw ville man, who is an enthusiastic supporter of Murray, acknowledged that ho “picked out " the delegates who represented Clarendon. These furnish instances of how the machine was run; and lastly, although we have made dili-
r
Fur
majoriC^, the impression grows stronger dftÿ by day that Brabazon will be a sure winner on the 7th. The indications on nomination day very clearly pointed to this result, and no one more fully realized this than Mr. Murray ; yet in his zeal to capture Pontiac lie made one last desperate effort* to induce Mr. Brabazon to retire, even hinting that tho government would deal generously by him if lie did so. But the Conservative candi rate is not made of that kind qf flimsy material, and confidently relies on the united efforts of his friends—those "ho believe that the
The fact that the name of
oilr place of business has been changed 1 rom Turkman to Starke's Corners makes no difference with us.
We are still in the old stand, doing business on the same fair, square-dealing lines ami ever ready to meet the requirements
of our customers.
The Shawville Drug Store.
During tin* present season we wish to direct special nttentlmi to our
NEW AND COMPLETE
STOCK OF

gent enquiry we have yet to learn that a Poupore again brought the matter before	âf© AlTGUtS fOT
single meeting was held in any part of the attention of the House, the informa-the county to app< int the alleged dele- ^ ti.»n a«ked for by the Premier was fur-gates who assembled here on the date lit nisued, the feasibility of the scheme warn question. The whole scheme was cut • f-d > established by inatr^ühîtiiâl purvey, and dry fur weeks I- forehand, and
one*s more *u *>’ aware °f the fact than „,en representing large capital came from our friend of the Advocate
The Winchester

Summer
the hands of a local man—to carry him t victory.
A
Rifle.
v
3d - 55
:	BALLARD'S.-MARLIN

d
Goods
during t jp la®: .v»jir'i: of Parliament,
A prominent Montreal cheese merchant declares in an exhaustive statement deal-
England and established to the satisfac tion of the government that they had at From its peculiar geographical position their call 25 millions of dollars with the County of Pontiac has been shut out ' which to build the canal, piovidvd the from participation in the benefits that , government guaranteed the interest ou have been realized by other sections of, the amount at the rate of 2 1-2 per cent., the country by the carrying out of na* with the condition, remember, that the tional enterprises or important govern- j payment of this guarantee would not be ment works of any kind. But such as ; asked for until the last stone in the con-we have received in the line of aid to | ternplated enterprise was well and truly railways has been due altogether to Con- j laid.
aervative governments both at Quebec j Surely a more favorable proposal was and Ottawa. Our railway, quite true, is never presented to any government. And very unsatisfactory to a large section of when the magnitude and importance of
" hicli embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
ing with the subject that farmers are now paying twenty shillings per ton above ordinary freight rates on their butter going to the Old Country by cold storage according to the contract entered into by the Minister of Agriculture, or five per cent, more than under the contract in force when the Conservatives were in
Yet Mr. Fisher and Liberal
Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and 10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at $1.50 per hundred.
IV|cDOUCALL and CUZNER’S Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
TEAS ! TEAS!
* # e	# e e
t
Our stock of Teas stand uSurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
1
power
politicians generally try to make the farmers of Canada believe that they are getting cold storage privileges as a free gift. Every department of the Tarte-Laurier government seems to be conduct-1 the county, but it would never have been I the work is considered, and the immea-» ed on deceptive lines. A vote for Bra-1 built at all, had it not been for the pro- surable benefits that its carrying out bazon will help to remove the deceivers, ; greasive policy of subsidizing railways in-1 would bring to the Ottawa Valley, espe-and show the machine combination that j augurated by the late Sir John Macdon* daily the County of Pontiac, can we, the
aid. Pontiac certainly owes nothing to people of this county, be blamed for cod-the Liberals for benefits received. On i denming an Administration, which among Some of our Liberal exchanges, includ-I the other hand they gave us the cold its other shortcomings had not sufficient ing the recently ‘‘reorganized” Bryeon shoulder on more than one occasion, backbone to seize upon an opportunity Advocate, are pointing with considerable During the McKenzie regime, when that which would have given them at least a gusto to the amounts that have been ob- gentleman was contemplating the build- substantial claim to the accomplishment tained for North Renfrew by the philan- ing of the C. P. Railway a deputation of of a very impoitint part in our national thropic Thos. Mackie. North Renfrew Pontiac people waited on him and point- j development. But the great work of it appears to us has been singularly for- ed out the advantages of constructing the , building up the country, from the Atlan-tunato in the way of receiving government line through Pontiac ; but the Liberal | tic to the Pacific has been and will re-gran's of one kind or another ; but whether ; leader had another route in view, and main in the hands of the Conservative the people of that tiding have benefited took no stock in the representations of I party.
to the extent one would naturally sup- the people of Pontiac. Had he done so j The Laurier government mean to do pose, by these large expenditures, ie I there is no doubt at all the main line of nothing in,furthering the canal. The ab something which is not very clear. When I the C. P. R. would now be traversing surdity of the survey which for some Thos. Murray represented the riding in the county, and we would not have known ; weeks past has been in progress between the Legislature, the Mowat government the burden of a bonus. And again when the Schneaux rapids, across country over found it expedient to make largo grants j a Liberal government were in power for the hills to Muskrat river, is sufficient ev thereto in order to keep It safely in the | a short time at Quebec, they took the idence of this. Any advantages that the Grit columns but despite this fact it j money which their predecessors set apart scheme affords in the way of vote-catching went wr>dg and Thomas was left at home, to construct the railway westward from is being worked for what there is in it, Htow*(he Laurier government arg appar- ' Hull and used it for the construction of otherwise we would hear nothing of this ently playing the same game with the ob- | the bridge which spans the river above | little side-show to which Tom Mackie is | ieci of keeping it safe for Mackie
Canada’s Sons Kopje and Veldt
Just
FRESH and CURED
Published
.1
1
on
MEATS
L
the farmers canqcl fooled
An authentic account of the Canadian Contingenta in the South African War. Iiy T. (î. Marqis, B. A. Introduction by Very Ilev Principal Grant, L. L. I). Baaed on the official despatches of Lieut.-Col. O.ter and other commanding officers at the front plete in One Volume, 500 pages, richly illustrated, only Agents coining money. GET FREE PR(kSPECTVS.
x
/
v
of all kinds at
I
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
Com
81.50
The Bradley-Garretsoa Co., Limited
BRANTFORD, ONT.
Proprietor.
.303 Calibre.
/

I


Savage Magazine Rifle.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
I
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete l»oe Catalogue.
On?

The Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.
Ottawa, thus depriving us of the facilities j now entertaining the people of Ross
XtMS CIO., UTICA, N. Y., Ü. 9. AMERICA.
>. *

,
t !
'I J


i



###PAGE###5###
4


1/
U


)
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No 270.

LOF 2
A Weakly Journal devoted to Local Intereiti
PVIli.rMHKD F.VRRY THURSDAY
AT HH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC
SUBSCRIPTION-SI.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper * topped until All arrearage* is ^ald, unie** by special arrangement with i ubllsher.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.

Meet* the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court due* must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
The Coming Struggle.
9
The die is cash for Nov. 7.
yuK
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
LUC
J. A. Cowan, n «
A. SMILEY, Prop.
H. H. Barnett, k.h
J. xv. Eade», VfM
o
;
ADVERTISING HATES:
IjNgal advertising, eight rent* per line for find Insertion and four cent* per Hue for eaoh subsequent Insertion.
IHiAlnes* cards not exceeding one Inch In. scried at #1.1*0 per year.
Lheal announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first insertion and tbrj-eceute for subsequent Insertion*.
Commercial ndvorlMng hy the month or for longer period* Inserted at low rate* wlikh will be given on application.
Advertisement* received without Imdrue-tlojie accompanying them will he Inwerled myUVtbr bidden and charged for accordingly,
*Hlrth. marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cent* per line.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
I
The Frost & Wood Company (Limited)
04 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
Inter if ill Kills Bmll ail Sua. Please listen, ye Grit and Tory, High-
grade
Steel Ploughs
I
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prorrrfbt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Communion Bniinot» a Specialty.
UcrcnsvcKH my Perm ins
l>-niH Murphy, Pre*. Ottvwa Transporta I’. W A very., Mull Lumber Co.
J. T. Nhirrlll, i; U. E-l.iy i'o.
Ijflt'1 liforü li Mi'lMiUgdll, Barristers.
John Hi'fif y & Sous,
Il «V. Bate à Son.
whether you vote for Murray or Brabazon, don’t forget that the G. F. Hodgins’ up-to-date Store is now stocked from cellar to garret with Fall and Winter Supplies secured by our foresight in buying early.
Are in every corner of the Domininion. Our ploughs are looked upon as the standard by which others are judged. To such a degree of excellence have we attained in the manufacture of ploughs that competitors are obliged to represent their ploughs to be equally as good ; but farmers have learned by experience that they can absolutely rely on ours being the
best, and that no others are “just good.”
Always in stocl^ at
ins
.101$ PRINTING
n <
Ml kinds of Job Printing neatly and
cheaply executed, Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIJN SI^ITIj, Proprietor.
s
Business Cards.
care and
MEDICAL
F. M.A. McNaughtoq,	riu- spot spot for-
A K A* if to X am.f. Hair Cltt, Good Shampoo, oh A Clean Shave.
Graduate of Mi g ill University,’
Office-IleNldence of the late Dr. H. M Knox, Shi w ville.
Office hour> Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
as

**r Your Turn next
Dress Goods.
We have the latest things in FALL DRESS
and WAIST GOODS, Trimmings, Linings, all up to the minute.
Call and look over our lines. Plenty of Specials not usually kept in other stores.
D jt .X'SMNDER, H. D, C. M.,
A. SMILEY’S
Z
IK
F T. M. C
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
Graduate of T
of \ a |i .1 ,ii\. Toronto, Fellow l>y examination J of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Om< « and Hc^iorück : J. 11 Armstroho'» House
MAiyj^TRKKT - - 811 AW VILLE.
ty University, Toronto ; Graduate
P. S.—Blankets, Robes and Harness.
and
JEWELLER

#
KF.EIS
A SELECT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
Ac.
\
LEGAL
3
\
BODRBEkl) RAINVILLE, L. L, L
sent election for various reason*. It will
be noticed that these gentlemen d<> not The pledge of a pure election which neceesan.y cease ?o be Liberals, fhey has been given by Conservative candi-retam the old principles, but exercise dates in various parts of the country, and tlmir right to rebuke the leaders, who which has been welcomed by all who are have endeavoured to destroy the princi- not interested in corrupt expenditure, pies, and they protest almost unani- seems to be resented by some of the New tnously against the baneful influence of lirunswick Liberals. In the county of the machine. Here are the names, except York the Rev. Dr. McLeod has made a in one case, where, for good reasons the similar declaration, and his Liberal name is withheld :	ponents met it with the retort “ that Dr.
Mr. .». R. Kerr, of Regina, president of McLeod is advocating purity in election the Liberal Association in 1894, and simply because he has not a dollar to buy chairman < f the public meeting which votes with. It is a mean retort charac-we!coined Sir Wilfrid Laurier and Mr. teristic of a corrupt mind, and ought to hither to Regina on their visit to that i make those who conceived it ashamed of city before the last election, is out for Mr. uttering their thoughts Divin and the Liberal-Conservative
1
S3
j
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
will visit Shaw ville every Monday

%
>
Rkpatrix
Specials for the next few weeks :
Ladies’ Jackets, Furs and Capereenes to suit the most fastidious.
? 7
A SlT' l \LITV

WM. GAMBLE,


SHAWVILLE. Q
BARRISTER, &o.,
Room 20, Tni't Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Sin*A tile, second and fourth Thursday
'of each month.
fllce-over O. P. Hodglns’ Store, Main St.
op
District and Country.
Clarendon School Commissioners
G. F. HODGINS.
Shawville, Oft. 27th, 1:# Board of School Commissioners of Cl, <‘ivlon met this day. Mem hers im ILilph llodgins, Esq., Chairman ; Commis slosura, Root. Smart, and Frederick Thu
mas.
I CEO. C. WRIGHT,
wn
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
party.
Mr. James Iioare, of Woodstock, writes to the Woodstock Times that he is at issue with the Government this time and will vote for the Conservatives have not changed,” he says, 11 on account
of my personal grievance, but from con- i French to make it necessary to recall his
' attitude during recent events. He is a «•11, Carleton, N< rth Lanark, Libelle, Mr. A. R. Vanblaricom, a staunch Lib- resolute partisan of separation from Eng-Wright and Pontiac. The competition	eriH writes the Pictou Gazette that the	land, and wishes Canada to be indepen-
Messrs. Jam. .Judd, George Judd and	was divided into two classes, junior and	Liberal party has ceased to exist owing	dent by right as she is in fact. He does
Thus. Dale, come home with their thresh-	«‘nior, and in addition there uere a num	to Launer's repudiation of the principles,	not cease to protest against the deplor-
I	i Imrles Hodgins, liar l wood, $1.0) per	I ing mill last Monday, after a very sue-	l»vr <»f special events with prizes. Wv	h must be reformed by the repudiation	ao'e spirit which reigns in England to' il!d ull l oiii'id X V> ' I !hiUtl' ll!’mi 1 ui	cessful season's work. Mr. Dale repotts	understand Mr. Burden, whose natiro ftp-	of the infidelity of the leaders.	day, to censura British pharisaism and
•nt.*> per cord nil round.0 Nu- 'V Samuel lllat Lking the township all through there pears in the successful list, had much An old Liberal, who does not give his egotism, and he joyfully seizes every op-Smiley, K> cents per coni all round. No.	,e mord tban an average crop of wheat	trouble with one of his horses, otherwise	name» writes to the St. Thomas Times	portunity vouchsafed him to assert aloud
II	- Fred Tippins, $1.00 per coni all round,	and oats, bgt quite a failure in the pea	his score undoubtedly would have been	decLnng that the West Elgin frauds and	his sympathy and filial attachment fur
v tarv y —10 XN. C. Bi-Mnr, hnnlwood, 11.10 ; pine,	crop.	higher:	other evil transactions have convinced	the old land which was the first mother
! LOaN AND Va VINOS w!1 r Ccil'ii llv l'.?* I'V (,,rrnt' -,liu!L dr> Messrs. Hiram Hodgini and Hiram	senior class.	him that he must vote against the party, oountry of Canada, namely France.
.UK UNA™	Xo.TÎ-Jnme* Ku	Mi for tho „h.„,y 0„ Tuesday First prize, $00 in gold-John Me He conc.ude. : •• nothing could beLU ¦
can have it at hi, last years prives.	ni0_7?,n^ _	; t	Kendry, Vernon, Russell County * unfortunate than for the Liberal party to
All the .schools will W supplied with 12	Miss B Lummts has gone to Otter	Second	prize, £10 or	c/,,l,l .,‘,, ,1	I	<-	a*low itself to be run by the machine/ I
cords hardwood and 1 cords pine save	Lake to spend a few days with her friends	Champion	Grider rvalue	sun \	1.Ï-	cadf my firpt vote for the late Hon. Arch.	,ni	T
Uiosetlmt areetipplicd with mixed wood the Misses Farrell.	MeSs,.s ViW L. ,	\4,-L8,’} McKellar nearly foriy years ago, and the fhe Liberals, when they were in Opp-
willum elliott tiStt&tt&TîStlSS	.....Z.:, 7	SftB
UAILIFP	O *	THÊ	SUPERIOR	COURT	to wit : John Kulfonl, Jr., for repairs on	. Mr. Ben Judd used the grant of cion-	Ferguson,	A yl win, I\ U	"	P^ty is to fee run by heeler» and led by	Have they	kept	this promise	,
H	Shawville .	Que.,	respectmlly	solicits	School No. 3, ?0.Uli; James Mt-Uowell, fu-	ml ion money on the road leading from	Fourth,	plow value $18 and	in	em*h	uncl,an men 1 bave cached the cross	Lat	the	Turkman	aek	his	wife if the
piua<erm?nt sfor any buslue**! ncouneetlon imgating School No. land pail. $!.:«; Thorne West to Campbell’s Bay. The _\vlu Bird,,, Ilill.M i , k n roads, and in my old u*y5 î J.aU Ufo househn.d - xpenses are any less now than
MrararrN -araasr ars;a	w _ZZ ¦ sstisrsy	- - -w m,
Sec..Treasurer. p»^-	der, North Oower.	' ' be supporters of the p inciples I so much 1**-	. .	,	, , ,
.	IT’C .Saa	«• “B; D. D. D’Arcy, 0,,...,	„¦	"""	‘ "" "
es, ;a ÆT'.........................................«¦..............	&T£ï£zsz:,,
condition for the last fewyra s.	.	j ciation. Ho is a merchant, and for	much less does it coat to buy a
The commissioner for Greermount is	. J,NI°H ' LASS-	twenty years has been one of the best dr?JV' •
He got a nice new	r list prize, $.'10iu gold—D. McGregor, Liberal workers.	>> hat is the present cost of linen and
mother, Mrs. Thus. Parker, who got so black board for the school and has pro- Lumlas. ^	Mr. J. G. Adams ran in Cornwall and cotton as compared with 1890 i
seriously hurt a week before, and who, mieel to get a nice new broom.	Second, $10 or a gold medal and a hay Stormont at the last general election as h thread cheaper now than it was four
we are glad to state, is now improving. The attendance at school is still good. 1	' Fummings, Russell.	the candidate of the Patrons of Industry. y**n*go( How much less do you pay
The Misses Kirk, of Bellmount, and Last week the average was 2ü.	I nird, $10 or a medal and a plow—J. He is now out in support of the Liberal- *°r pins and needles i
L. Queale, of Otter Lake, were the guests	Pansy and Violet. Mnckay, Marlltoro’.	| Conservative candidate Mr. Pringle. At "uW ni.uc" ^id you pay for your last
of Miss Bertha Parker last Saturday.	______?____—	Fourth, plow, value $17—J. Airth, ia recent meeting he spoke and promised new curtain f
Mr. and Mrs. Wiu. Mitchell, the	R A1 iTTOPn	to take an active part in the canpaign , tinware cheaper thin it was when
Misses Annie and Lizzie Mulligan, of	____ ‘	rifth, $10 or a gold medal—H. Brown, in Mr. Pringle's behalf. He said he was the Libersle were m Opposition Î
Wright, were the guests of Mr. and	,	.	North Renfrew.	there to dispute the right of the present How much lias been knocked off the
Mrs. Thus. Parker last week.	_ are “av® a mcp Orange supper at _ Sixth, $7 or a gold medal—John Me- Government to a renewal of the conti- Price ° crockery f
......... ......—  ____________,	_	. HpHMdero of the people because th‘y hive Has the price of sewing machines been
Bay on Monday.	benefit of our new church. Be sure to Seventh, gold medal—P. Cadieux, 1 stultified themselves by breaking every	reduced»
Mr. Geo. Murphy and Miss Sadie Far- ?oroe and eee {t‘ II is easy to find- You L Ange Gardien.	j pledge they made when seeking power. Are. »toves cheaper or dearer than they
*	pcTspi icupn ipop rell went to Bryson on Monday,	just look up and you will see the spire, The special prize, an $18 plow, for the Kenneth Mackenize, for fifty years one wefe m 81,1 •
i	LoiMuuoncu IOOO. Mr. Arthur Queale went to Clarendon and lt Wl11'zulde you t0 where you will beat matched team, was won in the senior of the most respected Liberals in Man- L Are ycm buying new fnmiture now?
M	ÇW	on Monday.	be met Wlth many smiles.	class by John Gibbons, of Renfrew, and j itoba, denounces his own party and sad le ll ch**per than it was when the ConI ill® U«,WVU16	Mr. Jas. Robb, agent for Messrs. Gil- ^h, by the by, Mr. Editor, if you m the junior class by H. Brown, cf North ; it is controlled by Sifton and other men "®rvatt\e» were in power ?
î	I fiili	n	i	nmnnn	mour & Hughson, arrived	up from	Kazu-	could	only	ee® lhe	Pretty 'miles and	Renfrew. The latter prize amounted	to	who have no regard for Liberal principles I In 'hort, the	weekly wages buy
ill	F	H	5	P I	IlK V	bazua on Monday.	pretty	ways	of one of	our most esteemed	$5.	or their word. Mr. Mackenize served ! m“ch mof? noLw >han ^ey did in 1896 ?
j	'BOOK J HUI Ulll, Mr. R. J. Holmes, representing Frost y°un8 Iadie8« gathering in the young The gold medal for best work with the for many years as a Liberal member for ! Certainly, the mv^ge Canadian work-
2^ ^	) ---1------------- & Wood, was at the Otter Like House 8ingers for lrhe great occasion here.	McArthur plow was awarded to J. John- the Local House and is a wealthy farm- ™an 8 wa?e8 ah(’uld buy J”uch m®re now
m	Monday and Tuesday	Mr. A. W. Chamberlain has completed sou, Winchester, ami a similar prize for er.	than in ltUh, for that was- the closing
Hall, of Buckingham, is the guest hia Part of the work on lhe new church the ,>e8t work witI‘ the Wilkinson plow, Ex-Aid, Joseph Rowan, of Ottawa has year of a world wide depression which of Mr. E. Newton.	for the	present, and has returned to his	went to John Airth, of Renfrew.	broken from the Liberal party, and join- disastrously atfected industries m Eng-
Mr. Thos. M u t ray,	the	Liberal	candi-	miU work at	the	known as the Quy- The judges were Messrs. Win. Reunie,	ed the Liberal-Conservative organization. land» th® . Vnited	Statee’ German/%
date, had a meeting here -Wednesday. on mll,« owned by Bodgms' Bros., North Toronto, Donald Drummond, Myrtle, He is disgusted at the broken pledges. | *rance» Belgium and other countries in Mr. Rainville, of Bryson, was here on Clarendon	k	and Win. McKechnie, of Bristol.	Mr. P. O’Reilly of Ottawa a strong Lib- | Europe, as well as Australasia, and the
Wednesday	Mr. A. W. Chamberlin has purchased Messrs. H. B Cowan, chairman, H. eral worker, is helping Messrs, Birkett and ! counlnea of Central America and South
Messrs. D. Gillies, Joseph Tremblay, the ProPerty» known as the Clark farm, S. Conn, B. Roth well, J. G. Clark, J. H. Champagne. When asked as to why he I America. whereas during the last four W. McCoehan and O. Turpain, of Bry. Kidford, $1,000 being the price paid.	Gnsdale, Ottawa, Fred Richards.,n, had left the Liberal party, Mr. O’Reilly yeara those countries have enjoyed un-
son, were at tho Otter Lake House on . °n thft 20:11 there waa re- Gloucester, Win. Allen, Aylmer, and Ed- said he would give his reasons on a public | Prec*ddnted prosperity.
Wednesday.	hoicing on the old Lades’ farm, when a ward Graham, Elmside, comprised the platform on the first opportunity
Messrs. D. Gillies and YV. Moore went !2n 7aa h0™ lv0 Mp- 5n.d Mre-J' Eadee' executive committee.	C l. Sam Holmes, of Chatham, thus
to the Bay on Thursday.	Mother and babe are doing well.	1 he general committee was made up of addresses the Chatham Planet : " I am
Mr. Paul McNally, merchant of the	Bbowxy, the presidents of the different county and done with the Liberals, and I don't care
X Bay, was up here a couple of days hunt-	—	¦ —	township agricultural associations of the who knows it. My father was a Reform-
A log, And dia eoeuooewefully, I bear, that | The District Ploughing Match. Gttnwa district
^ he got two deer whilst on his way home
O Messrs. Tom Queale and Isaac Wilson The Ottawa Citizen furnishes the fol-	THE LIST GROWING.
went to Shawville Thursday.	lowing report of the result of the dis-	---
Mr. Damarae Roy went to Shawville trict j,lowing match which took place at More Prominent Liberals who are
Friday.	Booth’s Farm, Ottawa, on Wednesday Going to Vote Conservative No-
Mr. Frank Scully, of Range A., went last :	vember 7.
to Shaw?i!le Friday.	There were twelve entries for the	--- •• And he was epeechloea/’-the man
Mrs. Moore, of the Island, aocompan match, which was witnessed by one thou- Further additions are made to the without the wedding garment. And Sir led by Miss Carrie, arrived up at Mr. sand people. The contestants were com- growing list of men, who having been pro- Wilfrid, too, is speechless in the presence W. Moore’s Friday evening.	loosed of representatives from the coun- minent in the Liberal party, have decided of Mr. H. H. Cook's seventeen charges
ties of Renfrew, Prescott, Dundas, Rus- to withdraw their support during the pre- against his administration.
Hon Mi1. Tarte
or thi: province: of qukhui
Minutes of hist meeting read,
Moved by Robt. Smart, seconded by F. Thomas, tlmt minutes of last meeting as now read be and are hereby confirmed.
Trust Building-
La Liberté, of Pans France, under 1 date 12th Oct., 1900, says : —
44 Mr. Tarte is too well known to the
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa Phone No» I I7:t.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac 11 Xl.V.,iv,l District
The contract of firewood for the respective schools is awarded to the following parties, a> follows :
No. 1 Simon Barber, hardwood. $1.23 il ; pine, 81.10. No. 2 81.60 per cord all round Smiley, !l") cents pt/w curd all round
viction
W. W. IRELAND,
GREERMOUNT
Vk'x Elliott, No. % Samuel
Clerk of the District Magistrate*1 Court. Commissioned uml Conveyancer. Deed*
Mortgages, et'*.,executed legally and satis fâclo i i.y,	j
No
i
- QUE. ;
SHAWVILLE - -
r
S. A. IVtACKAY, B.C.L
11
NOTARY Pit HLI HELIANcte
MOM-: Y Tv LOAN ON L’As Y TERMS.
^BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be iin Shawville on Tuesday and Sat urday ufevery week.
Workman, ask your wife
I
/
J. J. TURNER,
s	A ITCTlClitta for the County
1 online ^SiHetfhonducted In a business-1 ike and satisfactory manner. Woods or articles of any kind taken and disposed of by public or private sate on reasonable terms. Public sales conducted at 8b a tv ville once a month, a variety of articles always on hand for sale: Otilce : Shawville, Que.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
i
Mr. Win. Angus Moore went to Bryson last Sunday.
Miss Bertha Parker arrived up from Ottawa last Saturday on a visit to her very indulgent
i
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
•9
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress,
!
(

1
We are to have a nice Orange supper at
Mr. 6. Desjardïn went to Campbell’s I 1Udford on tllB 5th °{ November, for the Dowell, Shawville Bay on Monday.	I benefit of our new church. Be sure to J °..“Al 1
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al-Veyyi well furnished.
FiR8T-T?LAa'ftlLrvKRY Attached.
?
1 ^ T
,>
V
•»% /
—ALL; KINDS ^r—
Mr
Interim# & Ererior

FINISH FOR
Houses *VmrJLAh8
manujS<t!ured.
dc-ors, 6a8r, newel posts, dressed
M M HER, *0. A .
Kept inletock and made to onkr.
LVMBE7* DRESSED AT POPULARPRICES

GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
McCRED IE & HODGINS.
er, and all his eons dutifully followed in his footsteps, but at last the scales have fallen from my eyes, and this time I am going to vote for Mayor T. A. Smith" —the Liberal Conservative candidate in Kent.
Estimate* fu r n i nhed.
To bay well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Oroeer sad Storekeeper The Nerdwere end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Beokseller end Statleaer.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
SCHOOL NOTICE.
Th6 tlmif allowed by law having expired Ratepayer^ are hereby notified and requested to pay their school tax to the undersigned without delay, as funds are needed to (meet current demands.
H. LANG,
Sec.-Tre&s.

Sans Ceremonie
Shawville, Oct. WHO,

4
4
.
!
V
*
I
i \
z





###PAGE###6###


'


' 1

T

m * j
?



f

Toronto Letter.
grp?lt 1>irt of *he country mta suited to growing forests, therefore schools of forestry
i
flashes of fun.
MECHANICAL DOCTORS.
IE
Until to-day German
A Need ru 1 Device-En gland’s Railway | foresters * vr(l/UM C onservatism -Is our Educational System Upside Down.
The Modiste—Do you wish • full
luck missf Fuir Customer, blush- OUe,|>,M of **£***' "•*
ugly—i have one already—that is, I »,	, .	*r
uu ongaged to a fullback on the ool- I 6. °° °ri Wl 100n ^ medical lego team.'9	memories only, for mechanical doctor-
Mug pardon. Mid tiho rude young l“g “"‘J8 “» »PPe«ranw and ha. j man, gathering hi» features tngrther '/ '' "	^neficial i' many in*
again, 1 «imply oouldn't auppr,™ the ' "T""' ““"V T*" ,ire 1"ed*n-
iliF^Hp=
arlgga-Women .re funny thing» L°m„m Wonder why u woman, instead of "J"/	ot iu**nuitJr' are C“IU
I sr	rjdFfrr 51- •-* -
wk that hand in marriage.	T % "	" tUrDed that aeU
=EH=S~
"*'""""'1 »r"»o,dgen„eman„to he treat.
§§=mm ' - - 1
machine to exercise It when its or is too laey, or tot weak, to do the work for himself
amt practical have made their influence every part of that vigorous and consolidated empire. Germany
. Ia buiIdl“* Iwr uavy. She has rein New York new houses have a ‘'rented the lilac* Forest, and her »er.v sensible arrangement which will artillery, and neige gima anJ amall
^ appreciated by U>th residents and arma a**e equal to the bo.it • t i angers. The nnmtvr of the house world.
I
long
felt in
ftl*
I
111
u 1
in
in the
t
ii
is shown on tfoo top riser of the	WIIEUE ARK WEf
from stoop, in large white figures. Has Canada looked at her problems As most of the New York houses are in this way? To ask the question is built with the parlor floor about six to answer it. Canada, with her vast feet above the ground, this will bring ureas or arable land has one agricul-tho figures just about on a level with I lira 1 college, while .six provinces as the eyes, so that unless the street * \rga as European states have none, lamps go out the number of the house ^ ‘1 h u^Gohl mining Wealth we have,
seen oven »n the darkest	three schools of mines, and
Something of this kind 0116 Wte* °t Toronto in spite of the i» required in Canadian cities. Espe- enormo,u» ore deposits in New Ontario, cia'ly m winter the work of finding ‘n ^anitol a house by the number aftei night- British Odumbta. With the fall becomes tedious and annoying, lXSl area IX^ forest land in the world What poor excuses there are for num- " ^ have not a single school of forestry bers are often covered up by portable :l,h* ^-v UIti anit hy fire we are every porches and storm doors. The old plan *voar dointf our to make the land of putting the number on the trail- ,et il ever had a for eat upon it. som over the front door was u good ^ * willfully waste the beat one, but now the transom itself is hy running our aowers into rivers and
frequently hid. In such a
householders would put the number ^ boo bios and wonder why the
conspicuously on the outside of the fl<l1 and the people down stream
have typhoid fever
val
I
ma-

po
various
Itc
B 3
O
O
Il 1
0
y

k
eu n be mght.
not


irrm
t
l\
ove
ids
II
f
t lie
Territories and
Ci
Su
"
great-
i
OJIII.
ecoi
K$t l
;cj WJ t pect
h
l,
i
f M
I
»
yim
ml
#
manure
ucc#
ii !..
is

I
kik.vi, and then we ait round like a
case if


? we]
/
I

tl
m
house ur even in the form of a trails
llut when wo to the schools
ver
turn vur ut tent bon
parenoy io the earner of a front
dow they would confer a blessing up-j t4Nlclu,lV subjects which draw the at-
inauy more than they can imagine. 1011,1011 l>f	away from dcvelop-
Even people who do not want to find Ulg l^e muulry. we find that their
that particular house would be grate- | llatod “ lofflon- We have schools of
lew, schools of
Vi
xv in-
married an underwriter.”
Pooh! that's nothing!
Clara marry an editor?
Paw, what its stage fright? asked the boy, opening his bag of popcorn. Stage fright? repeated his father, pointing to a veteran of the chorus; why, there is one.
Alb* Yellow leaf, coyly—I never saw anyone act so foolish as Mr. Soph tie when he’s a lone with
Mother— Didn’t our

Z
own-
r


on

*“% >
Not least among t|ne wonders d the
what are t rm-

medianii'il cure a
lui because it g res them their bearings. The present plan of forcing !	colleges of dentistry and
people to creep on tiptoe up the steps I l'lui,mav>' theology and pedagogy, so as to back out without disturbing] d UUlv^rsitie* of shorthand
the iuwatea iu case it is not the right | U lt‘g'	sud journalism. Avade-
®*SS| sad conservai 011^ and
art and schools of
SliOl

z
?
or ' percussion,11 " kneading''
like a refreshing Vjmo on jaded and weary bodies. Quel: a chine stance, consists of a lier Lee of St Us
a gui. Miss eloth«oov»red himiiJs,
IVpprey—Alone with a girl. Bow row like the hummer' of a pi.no and
coual you ever see him umler auch | falling on the body in much the ’
( i i cuinstances
* vibration," and machiijoa, which vork
fi




11
and
I <iin
g.;
fo* in-

V,
III
/:
house, or else of ringing at half
doxan doors before the right one is I urioa dul ^ lantl a»d their agents
unfair to all parties and a and fight over the JatT^/lh! an^lhJ b^rk	"vIm of 'dottrel
uoid and wo have ONE agricultural iMnm' and the sailor collar and revers are of braided black taffeta. Black college.	Vv».vet straps and buckles hold the edges of the fronts together. Material
required, cloth, 48 inches wide, 5yards.

sc mi n-
a
lw
10 •
*
Hoe
relic of the days when people not supposed to go out after night fall. Let ui have numbers
mine
way as the piano hammer# strik* the strings. The pattering action of the CHARACTER OF RULERS AS DIS- hummers when applied to one's uack
CLOSED BY THUMB NAILS
were
Itep,
I birthi I the c I hetiiti tie cw bi+" v,
ten. 1 lâêtles I t-ley I that water will t lead# grave, that i ^tren# ¦lore ulnae ao otl oied ici Pink ] sands hern i thyouj have L thf gn m Misi
bert d •ays; " lire to
we eau
A SERIOUS EVIL.
see
create a warm, infigioimting gkw Vibrations are applied to the by a series of rubl«r fingers, which
I'liis is ru> light matter
ENGLISH BAGGAGE THIEVES
It goes to
the very roots of our national life.
U v vry against the rush to the cities, Thr n«‘rk <»r Mlnuirtr Hclnnlns
eo mp3 nies against ,he baggage thieves	T"	Ums Urm u,ld	I «     r»,.
who infeat (he big stations and carry	“? ^ “,0e the timbl‘r linlit	, .	. . ,
off bags before the dilatory owner	‘ tM,PuUr wlUl °“r young men and! ,em ^ i»*flit mnK	conductors
¦elects it out of the pile on the plat-	W<>men’ wjllJe a11 lhe lime we are	Paul* Cathedral	is now	virtually
form. To keep the thieves at bay is	dl>illg our bu,sl lo ™“ku these things	complete. It is interesting	to learn
unpopular. We are doing our bust to from Killingwortih Hedges, M.I.E.E.,
mm ïïÊmsmmmm
of all these difficulties the English “ true tkat °ur l^ialatioo favors the a,ea ad round it is quite illusory. The .	\	1	61	11 L u,ltl‘ I indication, in hie opinion, of flume
public will put up with their present cily bul theu lt is tmJy by drawing ! safeguarded area was supposed to be	1	C *	1 bia	to°* 8h(m,d | cerebral weakueee The Emperor of
baggage system. A system of check- iuto lke extractive industries the	the space within a circle whoee radius	J H’e	p^uty of since Lo	serve with I Austria, on the other hand, ban a
Ing baggage such as wo have in this	aud the active that the country WiLS etlua^ 1,0 llu) height of thi* light- 1 ® ciust.	thumb nail which indicates high
•ountry would not only stop thieving wUJ ever *et favorable legislation.	in* rod* Th* theory, we understand, A	*°“an Wlb0 ‘lk<* pretly aud birth and aristocratic tastes. It is' ,	After	Weanln*’	y0UI1«	colts should
but would free the passengers from an An agricultural college ou the out-	ks uow discredited, and the cathedral	' 1,mga la ™aking	a codectiun , p^riy white and unusually curved,	.	glVen 8peclAl	curH during the first
interminable amount of worry.	skLrLs eaoh	of our large towns	has 56611 P^tectod by a system of	ul e^eet-g^use baskets. I his is not Bnd is in marked	contrast to his hand,	Wl,"cr	U thv/	an* ftflglttted it wiU
THF STRFFT PM, Iir.v nr , » ,,	wuuld uot üuJy	town and country	conductors, perpendicular aud h-ori-	a ahow	^ hetmn, for she uses every j which i* coarse and rather vulgar. I * Very	dlfficult	to/ make up for this
THE STREET RAILWAY MATTER. ^ .chance to take hold of farm- ™la1' comprising over tt milo o( one. she has hand^rchiei baskets, The new King of Italy has aspatu- , D
The City Council has acted wisely in	i-ug by the right end but it would al-	caWes* ou which at various prominent	p °[e	thread baskets and j latti thumb nail	which ia said to be	Put tke	coIts in	a )boiL etalL Two or
refusing to compromise the questions	*> increase the	popularity of country	puiuta ure pluoed about fifty “aigret-	UlMkcla	. uuy pupo66 that auy one an indication of	difltruflt and fero-	m°Fe can 56 ^ t()geth<ir loose in
at issue between the Street Railway life in a way that nothing else could,	groups of solid copper spikes CuUld imagine, ail made of the sweet I city. The Sultan of Turkey’s hand is °n® 8ta11 if lt ie la**• enough to give
Company and the City. If the Street When oair educational sy»tew has radi*ting upward, and effectually c m- gFas8’ aud abe * alao makiQ* a 001 lee- i white and slender and bears many them a chanC4J to walk arcAind a lit-Railway Agreement has the force of	dug our mines, tilled our wide acres,	uected at	the base with	the cables.	^ m the same way for her sister,	tokens	of high breeding. King Leo-	Ue* ln <ke wint«r o»P<K^aily the bo*
law let both sides try the effect of	covered our denuded hills with forests	Tbe M	s.vsle,u of	making by	ib<?re M bardly a plilcy ,but can **	pold of	Belgium has the thumb of a	efal1 sbould ^ a" well lighted as poa-
living up to it before trying any new filled our lakes and streams with ‘’junction pieces,’1 or splicing and VLSll6d Particularly a summer resort plebeian, the nail being shtxrt and 815161 for tbe colt8 will not thrive In and subsidiary agreements that would	fi&h, harnessed the powers now run-	euWering.	has also been	abandoned,	auy kini1, wbere lLtVki baskets are	ttqliare.	Queen Victoria differs from	a durk Pluce- Nover confine them to
b.- sure to result to the benefit of ihe 1 mug iu waste and made life fuller,	il havin«	boeu found that	if surfaces	uoL lo 1>u fuuud* and b>’ getting one	bji other rulers in the fact that the	a #ta11 tied up for any length of time,
[Railway	Company.	Let	the	city	de-	better	and	more	vigorous,	then	and	were merfdy screwed LugeLher they	I UOW and agam ^ ^ * good coUec‘	thumbs of her two hands are quite	a® U wiU weaken 1 heir joints. Their
mand the full	complement of	cars	and	Uvl	lL^l then	will	it	hive	accomplish-	were ?pl t- oxudise and set up re-	tjon und pleaaa,lt aaBocial,uns wiLh	unlike each other. This is said to he	fei‘l may 56 deformed if they do uot
the stated service and put the onus on Ud that which we have a reasonable aistan<îe» and if they were a^dered the	an unfailing indication of shrewd-
WM camP«ny of explaining why it right to expect of it. A. B. CL	soldering sooner or later would be ln dooorating a room, if tne furni- nw aml aJso lofig |ife	v
should not live up to an agreement to	'	very likely to become loosened and tuFP lhai **** *° lt ia ftIrea<iy ^	The young Queen of Holland has a Fe<d 00,18 liberally, g.ve all the
which it is a party.	|	---------- ietached by the natural expansion	il 8btJ#uld 56 oere£ui,y cun- 6trong but rath<;r commonplace hand, g00d lia^ th^ wi,! eat "lUlWn,
and contraction uf the metals. | sidered before the tune* of color are the nails being short and of a vulgar ! at least twic^ » day, or" bTuer
A new method of running to earth	declded upoa- A r'°°m £ld»d with fine	type, but, on the other hand, the Queen	l5ree timea< Tb<i »rai” fsed sholuld
has also been adopted. The usual	oid mahogany furniture was spoiled	of ltaly had an admirable hand, the	COüsiet Principally of oats, wfcLh
plan is to connect the conductors wiln	because t*f u hagv-green coloring :a	only marked defect being in the nails	abou,d 58 £dd three times a day. |j6t
plates	of copper embedded deep down	wada	u,1<1 dlapt‘li6A' bellow and	4ef the little fingers, which are some- l5e muruiu« fee<l consist of eqbal
in Lhe	moist earth, and	these plates,	lhti waUa yelluw aJld woodwork	what too conical and too much curved PaF^a of <xlt8 and bran made inttj, »
to be	effective, mu*t be	of consider-	white,	would have made the apart-	ut the ends.	mash 5y «calding with hot water, ajud
beautifulman who doesn’t reaj>ect him-	lukewarm, liefhre
self should not blame others if they glv,n8 to lhe colts. If two poundsLf follow his example.	j 1 1,1018 or mangels can be sliced vtjry
A scolding wife would doubtless be j tbin su there will be no danger jof successful as a railway engineer—she . king' aod tf,ven to each colt daijly, is always on the rail.	lt a,d f,i¥eetion and keevjtvi,4ks^-
Photographs are seldom true to na- °ls m_ k*oüd ordw toy lure. No one ever saw a small boy etlpatlon* If celite as clean as he appears in a picture. 1 roo,a Expunge the accounts of humanity to man from the world's history and a small volume would contain the rest.
When cats wash their faces it sign of bad weather. When washes for their complexion it’s a sign that the beauty of the day ie gone-
ST. PAUL’S NEWLY RODDED.
A FEW SUGGESTIONS
According to a Euroi>ean palmist, excellent sub- I the average length of the thumb nail,
11 ‘ m idwioh is made by [to, in the caae of a man m:» millime- made lv run Ui> a,ld down* tftP*
ping merrily away like,* woodpecker
possess un- °“ 1	°»" th# Up> ttt tba
.usual vitality. Women, on the other fa 6 °r	r 1
Mir salad atomld 1» gam «shed daint- | hand, whoee thumb nalla are of abnor- °f llHle Wowi f ro,n ,h«
chine, produces a most pjeas-
aut, though peculiar sensation ; and brings a speedy relief when applied to a head that feels heavy and pongee ted. The kneading treatment is afforded by a machine which works t little rollers over the body wit " kneading ” movement.
tptne
In England there is, it appears, a constant war waged by the railway
For a luncheon, an
spi tting a French roll lengthwise, tors, and th<«o men whose nails removing the inside and filling the [longer than this always space with chicken or lobster salad
A total rearrangement of the
are
a re
sys-ou tit.
in a minute. The
uy, and Lhe canoe-like receptacles I mal length are as a rule very fund of M i vtd «Mi u bed of gi ape .eaves. I pleasure and have pronounced artistic
taste. Emperor William, of Germany, says this palmist, has a very delicate hand, yet the thumb is too short and the nail is flat and colorless—a
mg

oritt of the chief endeavors of the
wo
sure
i *

THE COLT IN FALL AND WINTER.
afterward even wa^h the best of
care.
eXJkM'U
Hams'
reeded
wh re
Engiifl]
th« tea •ion. j

get the necessary amount of while young and
exercise
stu
the
growing
about
stiffens
wie.ikm
I resident Loudon of the University of Toronto, has had his fling at the public school system of Ontario condemns it as
THE ARMY OF JAPAN
acting Canada howeve I got a wiihom my eye turnons that th heart k U*iLuid duoed t doctor's that 1 seemed oopfinei I fhouj could ei •cquain brought Pink P them. Rlped i more. * all my
On the whole, the Japanese Ho I may be said to be modeled on the Mbeing inadequate so German plan. But it is to-day that the high school his to do the j tially a Japanese army and
work of the public school, and the uni-I armament is chiefly Japanese. Much versity the work, of the high schoool. of the artillery is still imported from , ,,	, .	,
the teaching of languages is begun Germany and France. The C '!)8 field I * " ^	dltn°uU to «et
too late, he .ays, and consequently gun, however, with which th. whole |	?°T , '7	A‘ St’
It Is rare to fîjid students thoroughly army ia now equipped, aud the Meidii “	* Ctttilc<lrul "b'y have ^ad«
giounded. Th.* German youth, he rifle are Japan-made	! earth connections by means of
states, upon entering the university The Japanese is divided into three I perfurated at the Attorn and
has as good a general education as	army corps, with 13 divisions 2d hri- M"'""	mt° the eraund by apecial	1
t h,* um ve rsi i y gradih.it e here, andean-	gades, or 52 regiments of infantry	Uckle'	thus affording a passage down	j
sequently lhe German universities are of three battalions each. This includes" Wbkh the ctmtluctar “ PUWtid to the able to do worit which, is equivalent	the division of the guards There are	uect*i,ary deptJl- and by means of
to that of our post-graduate schools.	13 regiments of cavalry, of five soua	Whkh‘	U nece*ar?* th« earth be
Dr London lo.its at the world as the drone each, and 13 artillery regiments factory tor producing raw material with 117 batteries. In time of peace’
for th " university and if such were in- the army numbers 3,155 officers and ®urveyor’8 ,tnW un*ler the personal d he case*	strictures and sug- 184,241 men, to u b are added in war euPerintenden<>e 01 tlhe electrician.
Thus the
army
esse u-
even its
f
TWENTIETH CENTURY ODDITIES.
The twentieth century will have 21 j l^ap years, the greatest number poe! sible. February will have five Sundays three times—1920. 1948, and 1970. The earliest possible date on which Easier can occur is March 12 last time it occurred on that date was 1818. The latest date that ©an occur is Apr' 25. It will occur but once in the com ng century on that date—1943. The middle day of the
century will be January 1. 1951. There will be 38U eclipses during the coming century.
iron


preventing ©onto eat
¦Hfft little
mful of sugar will rankled over the
x
• refuse at first, Alix with
ground feed. A s
The
ow
man s in-
may be watered. The whole work has been carried out by the cathedral
prove irresistible roots.
When the
Easter
t
weaker
very cold, the cu|s eh into a yard one exercise. In cold west in. Groom daily' wheth clean or not, but handle
good and not id be let ojut if°urs dail'fJbr iV‘i' keep tieân Uiey u^k ffently eo lihey
JJI UflJ jot
°nce in a while
i>
s tt
women use
gestions would be entitled to -great weigh
two
li'Jli officers and 82,884 men
war strength is
In fact, in any event, he has done a good service, if he has Pointed out ihit the public school system of Ontario docs not do what its
A kiss in an explosion of condensed
over 17J,0UJ
does nut include the militia and Land- emotion wehr, neither of which need abroad. They number 113.000 off W a land men additional
This
serve

do not get scared. Ur^ak to haltar and take »p feet
When will the value of water a* the I they wU1 beCT»T
1 handling.	w
n
oers
pmmoters intended it to do. can no; judge of the m ichine until it is working up to th , standard the | us mtiker intended.
WATER IN PAIN
The plans for mobilization are undoubtedly the same - in the German army, and are likely to work with great rapidity. Twenty year» ago. the Japanese arb fore we criticize the public m/ "as still in a very backward state, sch 1. would it not t>.\ well to see if To-day no foreign help is needed, eith-th * vs i* le educational system is do- er to organ ze or to command. The dis-iitg what, we desire to have done. We cipline is splendid, and of the ' t	tt dag Irab mr p i faing
sysiem nlong the linns of Germany, fxut have
ter heal 1 life bel
jpounds .
oui of g •girls wl
may kiw
health.'* Girls v hood an of theii receive < neaajjj
early gr mother»
growing Pin k Pi strong,
000	ft
not kei will be i
1	box or » I d'y seing
f Accustomed

controller of pain be understood ? There is hardly a kind of suffering known to man in which water
11
!,
k
THE PCVULAi
M THE PRINCIPLE CORRECT
*
GIRL
may
not be used to lessen the misery, Take
a " felon '—the most terribly painful
swelling, which mortal ever endured.
—and treat it with hot water and | for ever7 occasion,
dresses.
Nevtir keeps has an
Bit
a man waiting if fche
engagement,
is careful to be
II
correctly drojjied and never o
m
courage
of the Japanese soldiers there can be no doubt.
! .1
r-


your pain will cease in a short time
You need not cut, nor blister, nor j	la gentle toward children, àlni-
do anything except immerse the fin- I 111819 and elderly f people, and p
_ j toward those Inferior cial position.
¦
pjH
HOUSE uoWtf OK SILK
our
we applied , the school to tmrk out our problem* as Germany 6 i"B done. " The German Empire intbexistence li) the* lifetime of the date Prince Bismaridt and the leaders
of this nation none	s plan of I worded as if she were making me a
g up h r eu s to conquer ! prient of them, the difficulties surrounding her. Germany wanted armament
1
e
U
I
ger or hand, or the entire arm, lor as hot as can be borne, and keep it there until you oan take it out and I 6h<$ wrilGd to mim otily on swing it back and forth without euf- cii41 occasions, faring. The hot water must be re- She never talks drei, moved as soon as it cools off. The Gening.	!
X\ ell—this is g t, I mi. What's the
to her in

in wa
say
HU
matter? I gave Delia money lo get me 6ome things in Paris; an<l here a he sends a note with them
i

came
%

very ss.y when nenjJre
Popular girla ire' n,.,,r epi,
al .ue and n^fer add. ftl I 1> ri. l we piotere1 s.jm oat ot **
1 kind thingr .	{ TT
f >k, ia new aha*,, éMm ^
EHH™ y --

t\
^7^

wou
/
/.
x
same treatment will prevent serious results in cases of puncture of the foot from rusty nails. There is nothing like it in such casts.

She—I heard al> your elopement a nivy and a great | with Gertie Giddygiri* Mr. Snooks P|iH>£iools were created to Has her mother forgiven t' ain shipbukdei uid expert r ;i%- -No fear I Her mVaee must be devel >ped, herwc *»hoO»B of
irn,

said
evening gown of tulle.
over panel of plisse an embroidered design The effective evening gown of tulle to the right la t rimmel with flowers. The belt and collar are of velvet.
you ? He
She knows bow to
A pretty house gown of silk, with skirt opening chiffon ; the edges of the front are finished with in silk and Jet
I>ay
ans
off an old score.
She has corns to
It’s a well known fact that the average pig-headed man is » bore.
A , live with us!
mining m ose
/


/
- %
»
i
1 __________

i


###PAGE###7###
>
i
!
fl
f
V
igniriNt smugglers, but km must only uhu these bunts fur the purpose of obtaining) information. If lie secures
TRY
"Have you tried ’Salaria’ Ceylon and India Green Tea t asked the dealer off a consumer of Japm.
“No, 1 never experiment," su id lb ' customer.
"Good rule, proved by It’s excep-
IF YOU dmlre to tante how good a cup of ton can he
LISTENING AT A SALARY
E t'EAR OF KINBSHIP
UDELLA
i
The candidate, a man who thought himself a fit personage to become un M.I\, was gi-vi/ng the first speech of hhe campaign.
The hall was at first comfortably full, but t*he and juice was not long in finding out with whom they h id to do, and big an to go out oiv by one. j At Last only one remained, and tie Lirtf* n ul wit h great attention, thus encouru g ng the ap aker to continue. At j the end of li iLf an hour the speaker stopped and politely asked;	j
1 beg your pardon, s;r, but 1 ho;m I am not trespaseing on your kindness. I shall have fitru»shed in ten minutes.
J
E OPIUM FARMER HAS A BRIEF kuowlwlgo of smuggling operations he TASTE OF POWER.	turns it over to the authorities, who
run the malefactors down. Nearly I tions.'
ih erinarksble m*#iiiury of Hon* k»u« every week in the year there is a smart 4 «*Ir*i*ritie« III* AImII«mi1I«ui Will» a t.i*v I skn inish1 between llie sampans of the

Ht long
How so ?" said the cilsIorner.
"A now Tea, grown on the richest Tea producing soil in the world —
smugglers from the mainland of China (Vy|0M al,d India—prepared by mod-
in order to regulate to some extent ,ult| u,(, revenue cutters. Pretty lit- ern, cl oinly machinery methods, just importation of opium into Hong tie battles some of them are, too, and a* "SiLula" lllack lea is,-without
t œm	EH EæEE
ago decided to place the whole first taste of sea fighting.	thin an injury, to the system. Now
iiass in the hands of one man. | The opium farmer has the sole con- ii>> you grasp I ha situation ?"
Iking, however, the tremendous trol of every pound of the drug “)<**»" Ml''1 th» oiisiome.r, "I do/
I, arbitrary P°wer that could lie	brought into Hong Kong, and lie gen-	Jk-MiU* **	*	111	*
ieMed bÿ usingle individual in such	erally makes from 3-*>d,0aU to #:WO,OUJ	Japan	Tea fo/over	discarded,
¦ ^dod, a k also decided that the dear prof it in his yea i of office. The I "Salaria1
Ai I ice should qnly be held one year Government gets much more
In 1 that no person should be allowed than it could secure if it attempted to
to keep it for fluoré than a single	collect the duties itself, and, moreover,
"iin. bo it was announced that the	gi*ts it in a lump tiuiu without the
11 sete Sovcrnment was prepared to a< pt twist-
• It will surprise you Ilia' *uch A good lea fan he had at
In Land Packet*, a». 30, 40, 50. 60
Cl
reason tb)« 1 rhea.
medical doctor, ind has uy inured en-K ibe ly prao-ilth reive Me-y mare call-various it ( hat ? Uinta n to a
I f|l«h
*
MEN-PAY WHEN CURED.
mg
t
ire
My Electric 13» It l* m quick ami positive cure for weakness In men. The vita izinvr elec trio power la given direct 10 all weak peri*, developing the fu I natural vigor of health. It make* the blood Warm and the nerves «¦ nrong a* «'eel want every man who I* weak from any cau-o, or who suffers from lame ha k. rhuumatinm. weak stomach or tiling kidneys, to be cured by It, pay me wnen cured, and then tell hie friend*.
t
V
Ceylon and India Green
1
Ten in nutoi? Yon can go on for another hour, ur all n ght if you like, mo long as you don't forgot that you engag'd me by the hrmr!
Then the unh ippy man perceived too la tv that it was th > cabby who had driven hi in to tbs hail.
from him I Ten id opted
The above conversation U suggestive to you reader, if you drink, Japan Tea.
DR. McLAUGHLIN’S OFFER.

1 am not giving hilts n way. I am simply raring first and nskinwr my pay afterward. I am doing this berao«e I can do it. I hive mu Electric licit which ÜUKH CUKE, and any honest man wo will secure me can have my Belt and pay me wi vn cured. 1* that fair I I can do t* Is because I have the best Klee*rlc Belt In the world. My Be t ,s twice as strong
enormous amount of trouble and the
T ronto, Ont, Oct, 6, iWO I>r Mr Laugh lie,
•nt, priwjptiwng for°n.T»uov h* any other audit le the only one that	• rn w any
new »n«Li:euerttl di i.ilny with- comfort. It doe* not hum. fall and consult me today, or out n-.uwi, j eevur» l ooeof your e-nd for my be lutiful 80 page book, which tells nay story Eletric HeiU. Within a week 1 honestly. Hen L sealed free.
«span to im prove, 1 would not tsk>* U-n times what the belt cont me and be without one Youra truly 111 Wilton Are
iul# for the privilege
Urge force of officer» that would eating and regardless of whether you
The opium begin with desert or end with soup, opium farmer," as he is called, has farmer’s salaried men watch all in- The dishes in which these foods are
ccorne an annual event
id forI gentil flex-wen t /
Since that time the selection of an otherwise be necessary
t
Worth Ten Dollars a Bottle.
Any person vs ho has used Nervll-ine, t lif great p lin cure, vvoul I not be without it if it cost tun dollars a bottle. A good thing is worth its weight in gold, and Nerviline is the best remedy for all kinds of pain, It cures neuralgia in five tool hache in one minute ; lame hack ai one application ; head iche in a few minutes ; and all pains just as rapid-
The high- coining boats, and us it is a case of served are the most magnificent and #dt bid generally rangea from bUO.UlK) Chinaman against Chinaman very lit- costly samples of Chinese ware and ;o <10.000 taels, according to the pro- tie ul the raw material gets past him. are intended as gifts for the guests, hpt'cta of the poppy crop for the year
itii<1 the condition of the market. The gives a great dinner to Government what you please among them ¦uecessfttl appl liant is duly gazetted officials, newspaper nan and the lead-tin i s iKJsition, and he is given the us- mg Chinese merchants of the colony, ly wise enough to do this. If you stay his unco of a fleet of a dozen swift This dinner is one of the three great till things begin to get warm you are
The
Dr. m. b. McLaughlin,
Toronto.
130 Yonge St.,
' F Dyer
treat-supple Ho is r, the whole ido to waist other 1 is a own-o t he
At the end of his term of office he When the dinner is over you can select
If you
?
go away early enough you are general-
r
For handsome effects, smooth even surface shiny and gloasy 4 paints, get a paint that's made 4 for it -made right-ground à right.	4
in ni u tes

liiinl Wood Finish.
?
4
-avermuent customs vessels to pro- events of the Hong Kong year eet his interest» He IdMSelf employs other two are the polo, champion hip thin; s dishes.	«
t » oral junks guard his business gaums and the hliarn battle between When midnight comes find the host,
the troops in the garrison. As a mat- the Governor and the Chief Justice 1er of fact, though natural pride keeps have discreetly retired, the singing, j them from openly acknowledging it, jubilating and toasting begin the white people of Hong Kong look un est. As daybreak approaches the this unique dinner as by far the most faithful ricksha men who have been SHOULD JH1GHT, CHEERFUL, interesting affair in the social calen- kicking1 their Im re heels on the brick ACTiVE AND STRONG.
I «if *4 Mr«pou*lUllty Rett* 1'pon Mel hr re ni This Perlai as It lavelvrs Thrlr lounililrr** rwarr Mwppluese #r Misery
- Seme l'>cn»iHim*.
apt to forget all about such a prosaic
iy
4
DAHSAY’S ;
; n PAINTS I
A	are made by experienced f
" chemists with p' oper machin- à ery mixed just right for pro- 1 per effects, wear and tear. À they stand for eeoaomy ‘ * your dealer
Vi Hi’(JK NO REWARD.
It was pretty bird work pulling you out of th t water !
Yes, but you’ll get on my account medal from the Humane Society. Sinct' I've assisted you to obtain this great hmor, don’t you think you ought to give me something for my trouble ?
4
I
V
4

I
i

GEOWIG GIRLS
in earn-
4
J the trm-and
vork
l and
a
4

?

da :
roads for several hours, begin to think When a Chinaman makes up his deep boiling-oil thoughts about the mind to do a thing handsomely he foreign devils inside who are yelling generally goes to the limit. The "Annie Rooney,” "We Won’t Go Home opium farmer always makes his din- Till Morning,” "AuId Ling Syne” and I ner, which is a sort of farewell to his other incantations to their gods, j brief reign of Osar of the ui>iuin [
Roey check» bright eyes.	to be
step, and it food appetite, are the	by j,is white	friends.	Indeed,	ho
birthright <f every girl The.se are	iayg aside a	large	sum	of
the condUkou Jut bespeak perfect money, from $LO,UUU to fczO.ODO, for the health. Hu u.nf* rtunately this to not banquet, and always reckons it as a tie ounditj^i' of thousands of gro»-	legitimate item	of expense when	he
ki<	On nvery side may be seen	figures up his bid to the	Government
ith pair or sallow complex- at the beginning of the year, b n. l«.gguiri, noop shouldered, and A week before the close of his term . H
istlees. Doetons will tell them that of office the farmer used» out his invi- the pirts to be joined.JJ
other u rds talions. Hi ose are always verbal, ##. *ht»uM be warm 1, if possible. Ibis
oernent will resist boiling water. As
i
r4
m-
Ask
A WEDDING PRESENT.
Of practical importan;*e would b»' a boti le of the onlv nu e-pop corn cure — l u nam s Painless Corn Extract *r —which ciu bo ha I at a A continu ition of ih- honeymoon and th:* removal m corns both assure I by its u>e. Beware of Imitât one.
'
4
Stile in e and
urne
$
Il m
I. BMSIT 8 SOI M to

#
\
drug sio e

4
MO NTNEAL
Ket'd 184*
the
4
CEMENT FOR STONE
the
>
The oomtAimtion of rod and white lead with boiled linseed oil and litharge makes a good cement for joining
stones of any size. It should be used by dressing a strip of thin cloth on ^iltj exceedingly long winded argument of yours I asked the friend#
I didn’t expec tt op rove anything,
.AU 1 hoped to
>ack
STRATEGY.
What! did you expect to prove by
w
HOW Î3LME MONEY
pine
hich
tap-
per
B *
JM
each side and placing this between
The stone
the
answered the orator do Hvas to confuse the other fellow so
Dy Investing From One Cellar to One Hundred Collera, and
t ivy are anaeoic, or in
a their bipod la poor, thin and liveretl to the lucky reel; it by a
clerk, who
The
rat-
Bas-
and
lied
that he couldn't prove that I didn’t prove anything.
KOW IT WILL mm
to proportions, there is no regular formula
should be used in greater proportions. Lf there Ls no hurry, white lead should be used in excess. 1 prefer the white lead when ample time can be given for drying oil and litharge may be used other Formula—Seven or eight parts of rosin and one of beeswax, melted together, and mixed with a small
watery. If fur her questioned they shroff, a polite native v 11 tell thorn that this condition comes to your door with a smile and a leads to decline consumption and the bow, clad in a long blue gown reach-grave. XVhut if needed is a medicine ing to but heels, and tells you that his that will make new, rich, red hb «ni, m >» -aiires tb*' honor of your pr s-
^t length* the isrves store tike vigor, brjght s wd hop#* to modestly sup with him fiom ilit» fulness of youtl. Fur this purpose tie dish or two in token of youf good
ao other d «cowry in the annals of will.”
The invitation needs no response
Vo dry quickly, red lead

WHILE YOU ABE SLEEPING.
af-
aud thus re- ence at the \Vong Tai Lu Restaurant
t wo
Equal parts of This signature Is on every box of the renuln#
An- Laxative Broroo-Quinine Taw.».
Iks remedy that cures » cold In one day
The undersigned having secured a block of stock in one of the safest and best-known Gold Mining Companies in Canada, which has been working for two years, has large ore bodies opened up, new machinery and buildings costing forty thousand dollars, all fully paid and no liab lities of any kind and is likely to he in a position to pay regular dividends in a^hort time, having decided, instead of dealing with large English or European Capitalists, to deal direct with The People, believing there are many who are saving and ambitious to make money but on account of limited resources,
The Door is Cloaod Against Them.
Remember the greatest fortunes in the world have been made in mining, poor and struggling men and women have made themselves comfortable for life by careful and judicious investment.
For further particulars send full name atul address to
Department ‘ • W"
a
Williams'
medicine can ^qual Dr P’nk PiUg £¦'»r Palo People, and thousands uf once hiop<‘!esa girls HH been made brigm, active and strong tlyrough th *ir tue. Among those who have been brought bank almost from the grave by tbt use of this medicine
KR
PUTTING A HEAD ON IT
The shroff takes it for granted that
This is a great story, said the new reporter, but I can’t think of a good head for it. It's about a trusted
uld
have you would postpone atrip to Europe j quantity of plaster of paris, is a to get to that dinner, and he is right, good cement to unite pieces of stone.
There are no vacant seats when the The stone should be made hot enough
to melt the cement, and the pieces The Wong Tai Lo Restaurant, where should be pressed together as closely all these affairs are given, is the Chi- as possible, so as to leave as little as ne&e Delmonico's of Hong Kong. It • may be of the cement between them.
stands in the heart of the native quar- This is a general rule in cementing, | bHpfiilly, head it Died from Exposure ter, a five-story frame building, ela- aa the thinner the strata of cement borately carved, with broad balconies j Interposed, the firmer it will hold, laden with flowering plants and creep-
ret
vill
employe, whose accounts were found to be crooked, and when he was accused of it dropped dead.
That’s easy, said the Snake Editor,
his
ceremonies begin
ire.
or
is Miss M. 0. Miroeaux, of SL Lambert do tevis, Que. Miss Marceaux says; "It gives na the greatest pleasure to apa&k o the benefit 1 have experienced frou the use of, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. For soma years 1 res iled in Wisconsin wi h a relative
in

ive
it-
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY.
«I
The " 3almoral," Free Bue AVENUE HOUSE-jftff.w.„
»w key.
»•
ers and the usual huge feast lanterns
mMsi,
Ck '1	f. Livrn * f the journey 0,1 pleCM °f tJafl,eboard- R<)und thti pills are imitated and the name-Dodd's A Coroner’s jury delivered the fol-
h j* fc ‘l‘l<	.	,	’	' , firviii« head of the centre table are the ebony Kidney Pills is imitated. Imitations are lowing original verdict on the sud-
H Ut VI' .	i * l , | t w Ik chairs of the host, the Governor of the dangerous, The original is safe. Dodd’s den death of a merchant who had
tinuous hendaches, &Hd was sont rveus othej. diuer8 are wealthy Chinese Kidney Pills. Do not be deceived. There that the least noise would set my merchttnt8, their costumes in startling ja only one DODD’S heart beating violently. I almost conLrast to the odorless white Eton original Dodd Ufcàti&d loud and my weight was re- meefl jackets of the rest of the cum- fulabout— duced cW#s'^liYe poudi. Neither ^iny< (
doctor's rnedi^w nor anything else When all are seated the opium farin-that I had ta^Ei up to that time eJ. eulers turns to the back of his chair seemed of the iBbtest benefit. 1 was un,i strikes a gong oorfimd to UjJHr nearly a year and footed waiters at once appear laden I thought^Htt nothing but death with silver ice buckets filled with oould end acquaint a im^^E brought uhB Pink Pills. them. 1 did Wiped me B
After lhad used a few boxes
In
to
1
r
FOH ik ROSS
r

ie,
5
8
-ir
FOR CVfck FIFTY YEARS
MRS. WIH SLOW 8 SOOTH! NO HYttUF Ue_____________
Med h^n>othcr»J|or^heir children teethln# It «orb»
Wile, end'le the '^et renm*Y>r Bold by All dru^guil« thru uel,oui the world. Be Aad A*k fee " Mrs. Wineirw’e Soothing Syre*."
Mining Brokers.
ot
• :on
TOEOHTO.
19 k 21 Adeiaiie St, East
arr
IS
are
Members Toronto Mining Exchange ;
Toronto Board of Trade.
THE VERDICT
» «
>r
Id
AGENTS WANTED
it
failed in business;—
We, the jury, find from the doctor's statements that the deceased came
il
T# send for our Complete Catalogue of Sheet b Milo end Boone with teeetnl rotes of discount.
Music
Teachers
Wanted
LENGTHY SERVICE.
Rectors, pastors and ministers in this country who have b an the victims of frequent changes in their charges m y be interested in knowing that recent statistics compiled in London show that there are 103 incumbents uf churches in England who have occupied the same livings
,£H£S»££ïitor at, year. ,.r .nor», »«.i of th.,,»
ittfwisr.ss	twelve bave be,d their placeafor sixty
( ere m the only positive cupj now known to years, the medical ‘raternlry. ('-tfarrh being a con* , litutionnl di-ease, r?qu re* a constitutional
t: 6.1 rmen'. Hell’sCatarrh Coreils ink nInter. jng that their aver;. it.r.mm am-nally, acting directly upon the b ood and	A	...
mucous hurfaces of the system, thereby dv* ounts to fl,2o() a year, and in sixtee n
giving,cas<'« the income after fifty year,' con-
c net i tot ion and an lhting nature In doing its tinuuus service is between the limits work. The propriété s have so much faith in ,
i.s curative powers, that they offer me Hun- of 9380 and $<1U a year, dred Dcllare (or any case that it fall* to cure,
Hend for list of testimonial".
Address. F J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O. y drukgiH'H.
Kemily Pills
a
d
U* h'fl death from heart failure, auj>-Dodd’s is the erinduced by business failure, which ¦ is the name to be care- was caused by speculition failure,
which was the result of failure to see e	far enough ahead.
f
WHALEY, BOYCE & Go.
US Veagre et.
Tersate, Ont.
V
f
D-O-D-D-’S
KIDNEY
PILLS
$100 Reward, $100.
Dozens of swift-
Njetallic Ceiling
YOUR OVERCOATS
Cougtas 8roe
S 184 AilHafdefll tureulo, On!
fferings. Happily an champagne, port, sherry, Frontinao toy father's one day u variety of native wines. A huu-ox of Dr. Williams’ qreti young women follow with trays i urged mo to try 0f winn glasses and tumblers and in a l and 1 thought they feWf moments every guest is supplied.
I and my father got Immediately the affair develops into
feast magnificent, enough for an old ait my fi tends could see they were Roman banquet ball. The women,
t ind by the time I had imported from northern China forQhe
ùoxe. I w«i enjoying bet- occasion, station themselves behind the	whiel) liea between Belgium and
ter health than I had ever tod m my chairs of the guests and play slrmged &rmany ,fhe ,ige ^is small counlife	before,	and bed	gained fifteen	Instruments, singing an	almost	con-	fcry ^	on,	four , mi|ee an<l itl
jpournt#	in	weight. I	tell you this	t.nuous accompaniment,	h tower	g.rle	army	of one man who ia nho
cait of gratitude no that other young bearing sweet blossoms of the lichee ^	f|>r„e ^u, combining in hi.
• girls who may be weak and stckly enter and twine gar ands across he own	the entire milititry awl
know the way to regain their ablee, among chair backs about the	^ ofthecountry.Moie.net is
flags and in the long lines of lanterns.	_	. . .	, T
just entering woman- Th*» tables are rapidly spread with anwea an 1,11 <d* n< '11 repu > îc, une most critical period food and a strange mixture of Oriental	er 11	er an(	*n eounci-
Upon	the care of	and Occidental dishes it	is. In add!-	par	, rom ' °‘esne an< ot er
their	future happi- ! tion to roast beef, ham,	chicken,	tur- ] *iminu	lve ^ tl^eS 5UC a8 an 1 ,lIino'
may mean either an I key and mutton, are dozens of Chinese ! Mo,iac°’ aud Luxemburg with their
If I delicacies, curries of every kind, respcctlve ttr,me8 °f 40’ 126* and 325 [sharks fins, jellied eggs, pickled fish, men. smallest European stand.ng
I baked hedge-boar, spitted rice birds, t™* * that of ^via, with a total
strength last year of 19,000 men. The
peace strength of the armies of Europe amounts to nearly 10 000,000 men, which would be increased to at least 15 000,000 in case of war. In proper-
There may be satisfaction in know-
»n4 fd Suite would look l etter Jrod. If no nff.nl ui ours in yonr town, writ» direct Montreal, llox 163
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
Bhr*p mod Amrrictn Hoe C*et»«p—mllsSU r«>im r- ht pike- f'AKK. BLACKWELL à CO.. Twin
PEACEFULLY INCLINED
more
a
Th.
smallest army In the world is that of the State of Mor-
W Ie C 1042
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECCt, APPLES,
And other PRODUC E, to ensure bwt renaît» wwrfgn U
The Dawsoq Commission Ce., United,
helping nA {a£eu ullA
Sold b Hall's
75c
are the bout
CALVERT'S
SIZING THEM UP.
How do you like your new quarters# asked the landlord, pleasantly.
The new tenant in the modern apartment house looked the rooms over sadly and rejoined;—These aren't quarters; these are eighths.
Carbolic Oleinfoctante meat. Tooth Powder* etc. hare awarded 10U modale and dlpl •xobUodoo. Their regular une prevent Infeed one dleeMss. A*k your dealer to obtain a
Olnt
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
for euperto»
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL COMFORTING.
COCOA
_r ~~ ",
I A W 4
LMVV
supply. Llete mailed free on application.
may
health."
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
ENGLAND,
MANCHESTER
Girls who hood are a of their 1
MR	7
^tZ C+lAsfas
ÜLyj J this $.
A/ XMf*/ CAivk*-/' find/ A.' obiS
Jq ~3Âu, fU v-^ru
receive
ness. I
BREAKFAST SUPPER-
N«‘*'
a life of misery
that their
early grave
mothers would insist growing daughters use Dr. Williams' Pink Pill# occasionally, rich blood, etrongt nerved, and good health would M»
Catholic Prayer
drawn pelican meat, preserves of all sorts mangoose, mangostines, paradise fruit and dozens of wonderful Chi-
Beligtoue Pleturw, Sislunri. and E-luuatlun*'. Works. Mail orders i
Tf your dealer does

nose pudding».
There is no menu card and no sequence of courses
\ hat you like and tackle it, irrespective of what your neighbor is in times of peace
not keep these pills in stock they will be sent post paid at 50 cents a box or six voxes for #2.50 by ad-d'ussing the Dr. Williams' Medicine
pp., lltAekvIbe, Otit.
Ovoodi Photo Lngrâvinc
^ J IfJCNEStNC (c J
: 6 X'OADLpyiDLM w JO ROW in
You just pick tion to population Denmark maintains
nuut and England fewest soldiers


###PAGE###8###



'
*

I
Great Sale !

U KNOW U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
FALL TRADE
Follow the Crowd to
STEWART’S
Boot and Shoe Store.
Why wait until the rush is on? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order now with us.
»
We invite the public to examine our
Large Stock of Serviceable Fall Goods :
Flannels,
Kerseys,
Yarns,
Blankets,
Great reduction in Prices during ;
the month of September.

Underwear,
Coats,
Overcoats,
Pants,
Horse Blankets,
Heavy Canadian Tweeds, Skowhegan Oiltanned Moccasins,
&c., &C,, &C.‘
!
Moccasins; Rubbers. Homemade Socles. Boots.
V
All Spring and Summer Goods must go to make
room for Fall and Winter Goods.
4- it IV|cCUIRE,
#
HOE. STEWART, I
_ _ ^ *
THE TAILOR.
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE, -
w
5
QUE.
?
«
•?«?e*8*e»eo $ »e»e*e»a s
LOCAL NEWS.
lfvmn H
\
in n
f 1

GEO. HYNES,
dû
k ol l’i
1
r
i
i

i
i


hv M
Murphy,
-.s ruimin: paying vx
VI i Hl‘il V,
ti r
i
i
n. Kv\. K. Wnnington will Im>M
v in hi-* three uppoiiument
M
1

lack
m
a
t i
*

(Mark


: l, lin son nii< t lie usual hou rpu steel
Hihl
\
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
il* U
k

A
V.
/
L ,1
i
i
We solicit your trade. We are aiming to establish a solid, reputable business on honest business principles. Your children will be as liberally dealt with and as courteously served as yourselves. Any errors in accounts or in goods gladly made right.	*	{
I
i
II
wrv held in ! vtulon,
Her, V. K. Hox s,., ;v.-\
1. The in Mil
îoiihIIn gtuxl, was r»
Miss Ilumuigh*, ! lYngrnm eons'.- ;]
récitations, etc. tlu v hriiur a l»«>x. A
Harvest Homo service St. Matthew'svhuwlu X on Thursday e\
s \
! the I
S
O
Official Time Table :
1
11
\
1
X
AM. KhI
f Ktnlkw
VI1

i
5.4Ô Leave
Arrive
hi
\
Xylmer tBrevkenridge f Hard ley Parker's Crossing t* Mohrs Quyon WyniH u's ?Tank Bristol McKee's Sii aw ville Clark’*
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank t* Vinton Coulotige Mellon s Waltham
intMv, which w under the direction
f St. Paul
\
tiOO
f dialogues, i
6.12
‘MM
large, well s Furniture always on hand to suit all c’n-sv
1 stock of
f
f
Lad
n
«.18
l
m
ii
#28
W i
Ihb 1
!
«.37
l

1
8.47
The Murray L , turned from camp r as the result < t >\ving t«» the vxve; hunting with h". favumKe during t! seas» ms.
<«>, !AI - \ S'"
Li;vliliild Smut
• m Nov. Lhi
hut
• limiting party r< i > iturday, with tiv iv week’s outing nail v mild wear he, > ha t not liven «I ivesvnt as in fuvnu
( I
vs
1.58

S.lt
1
f the 1
!
1
8
IN UNDERTAKING
V
i
7.04

vf t'la venu on. i tv and when hid :i n.s :
Mr. II
It is vf the Early I 7 is taken fi
i hilling four l a ! Brownlee take
I
f
I
A
I nNo keep a complete sto*k of itmv-lal Furnish ini*. randng from the ilnine<t requisites to the most elegant-\ designed. \ll vails receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
7.1
1
8.00
It1
8.03
1

It is uf
1
*:i ipe, e -m o une. Mr
8.12
i.
8.30
*.47
i
in aid of the Lower School will hu livlu lvddvikv of Mrs. X'lults, L‘0v. ;
*?55 Arrive
Leave
•Flag Station. tTauk. t Flag Station
be e ii rii'd aw u n conjured
organ that if the W in i d he will have ! vhilt
K1
\
Mv. Robert MvFnvlane, accountant of 1 Ivy son, and one of the oldest residents of that Mvbinn. died on Monday last, after a ! | lingering illness.

Connecting with Hull Electric Railway \‘j ,il ,!
Pembroke
the bum.

E. HODCINS & SON.


\
< u
I
II
l
v
at Aylmer
?
1
h m en î a All arc cordially
It
un
L lr is well known *et tin* County uwr
!»
P. XV. RESSEMAS,
GENERAL NUPERINTENPENT
pull at $ | invited to attend
Mr. (i. II. Hrabrizou returned on S*u urday from bis tour to theTumiseamingi district and the upper end townsbij Hu had several well attended mvvtim during the trip, and he reports havii met with a most fanuable recepti, everywhere. His prospects in the uj end are very encouraging.
Tu li and to wear -lira i Try them and t
lot»
tlvi
!
g, 1
ill sizes n.nl right •«* convince I.
1.1\ Cotie, Portage «lu Fort.
i
i
had of obtaining relief was bl< this very same individual, v
1
1
)
f , i
OTTAWA MATINEAliRf
lohn Hi y s.»n Mi . J im
.11 anil 1 am convinced of vou will lie satisfied with H 1 ui-«‘N. Photographer.
l
is ;\
I
I
1
dal
l* work
nd
lias recently put in
Fall and winter Tsuie Table
Taking effect Oct. 1<>, NO
\ VVV
Farmers !
me burl
• to-ihtv style, my first-c lass ir. I: is provided with m pl de mirrors through
liven
Mr. 11. II. Horner, of Lot 1. Oth Rangi Bristol, r ports a phenomenal yield of pc (atous this season. From three parts of ::ail keg of seed *ahout half a htishuh li
WtÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊtKÊfÊÊÊÊl The
and Mr. Horner intend ig of his crop for seed purposes.
; ¦ ' i m iNT Ft HP l FT the supper to he givet ' at.the new elnmli, Radi.-rd, oil Monday 1 welling, Nov. in aid of the building -...........V good program will he present-
! ed, and everything possible will he d
NOTICE The party who took by mis- t 1 make the evening pi.usant and prolit 11 he take in place of his own, a fall overcoat 'dile. All welcome from the hall rack of the Pontiac House on the day of the Liberal convention at Shaw ville, is requested to return the same without delay and avoid further trouble
t m
i
lid
i

###

Laurier gave a preference of pel nt. ^to the British manufacture!
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa........A
no. : Train Arrive Ottawa........9.:
Nos. 1 and 2, daily except Sunday

Op.m ) a.m
t
l sixteen Img> oi potato s
- a new on
We can pay you highest market price (in 3ash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will enable you to carry off prizes in bread ccmpe-vE	„„i.	»... i ««on at the county fair every time.
Vc can sel1 you at lowest prices Flour, Grain, ES STgg&StS £S	Xwb, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
_	¦	„ it away.	I **' FVLL STOCK ALWAYS ON HAND.
Laurier s jug-handed policy giving all
to the British manufacturer and asking As these are election tunes we trust nothing in return, does not increase the	lmv lvadcrs will hear with us for occupy-
price of what the farmer has to sell. The	lllc !*llî NIHK'V usually. devoted to local
net ter prices of today are due solely to matters, with “ campaign thunder.1 T'	,
the greater demand occasioned liy the war yxcitement will soon lie over, and things . I	gs ^	1 I /I 'll il
and other exceptional conditions, which 111 m wspaper» «un w;ii resume their ac- I _ a	E „ ^/ \ |% y L
prevail in the old country.	custoinecl staid condition.	ill fl L J.	IJ llTl I I M I VI
,\\ >t Re< bivbd A fine stock of choice
FF eSrpH
for one thousand il,(tutu dollars, held bv !'ettcl h^lx 1Ct tu Iht community h\ \xn seasonable fruit. XX. T. Earl, my late husband in Order, mho the iiioui. mg UI* the had condition of the ( 'lawn-	The Palace firucerv, Miawville.
her* of	Portage du Fort	Found!,	No. 243.	d<m roads than by paying so much at ten-	,, v
V. O.V.	F., for their promptness in attend-	ti«»u to the Liberal candidate. This may	, • *r. E, Devlin, the well-known cattle
gam,, Check w,> received in « few w may not he true : hut f,.r the prese nt ,lr,,vel\ ,,f ' ' mwa; hen' “ f«w «ty*
* isiwfei: 5S3k53S3S
Ponge du Fort. October JOth. MOU. when T. M returns to Pembroke, a sad- ^»e ground that he and Murray had secured a position for the said P. C s son in
the (ioverumvnt service. The doughty
steer-puncher s little game failed.
ml
vliiJ
which
1
l

refused to ask for one m favor of Canadian farmer. The fact voiistif the greatest of his many mistakes, for llraW.on and a business policy wl demands something in return for what we I fmuj give.	! ¦¦
:
f. T
l
n nt
g in*)

f L. 1. No •
N«'it îi Cl iremlon, u ill commemorate the “ Gnu Powder 1 Not by attending div-
\ Sunday morning next, in he English church at Charteris, to hs-en to a senm m for the occasion l»v the lastor. Members of
i
For tickets and further information npplv 1o E. (\ Arno « ! i. Ticket Agent. <?. Spark St., or Ul Central Chambers, Ottaxca.
P. W. UESSEMAN.
Gen’l Sup’t
i
i
me
mi
1
I
•*
uartily welcomed.
The peuple ut Clarendon pari loir v mt past /. Ml. B« k\ a pi ant surprise list Saturday. Through the Yen. Archdeacon they presented him
with a purse of fifty-five dollars, token of their appreciation of his work, with a request tu purchase therewith a
t
i cave
1
RAILWAY
(. VaLOWKLI
I
as a
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
fur coat and sleigh rohes. Mr. Boyle ex pressed his thanks to the congregation in
hannv ,|Ttd well-chosen terms at service
last Sunday night
Wm. F. Montai, rr.
(Iran 1 Recorder. V. U. of (\ I
On and after Oct. 14th and until farther advised train service will In# an follows :
J
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot : -
n fj.10 A, M. Local—Stoj s at all iittvriiiPfli.u, stations. Arrives Montreal ft.ôo a. m. K.xkldtid Bran h, 11 twkestmry Branch, Valley Hel l a: CoUau Junction, for Cornwall arid poi
aQ.OO A.M , Limited, arrhes Montreal 11
lose con ne lions with I. • . Rj >1 irithm Express for QucImns, Halifax, and all intermediate p 'ints cast. Pullman Parlor Car attached.
Furniture Dealer ânâ Undertaker...
SUCCESSOR TO
CUTHBER.TS02T, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
Main Street - (Opposite G. F. Hodgins’) - Shawville.
1
* >
, connects nts west.
a. 1
mg
8.CC A M. Sundays frations
Parlor Car attached.
4.*20 P. M„ Limited—Stops Glen Robert son Arrives Montreal 6 40 p.m. Pullman Parlor t .,r 1. Count <-ts with trains for Portl .ill points east of Montreal, all points south of the St. 1 Albans. Burlington, et 111 New York
iug Car, Ottawa to New York
nfr.4C V. M. Local-stops tit 1 Arrives Montreal P'.u • p.i::.
Junction for Cornwall. Ki:i, -•
nIv—Ships at inter Arrives Montreal 11.oo a.n
liate
!
Pullica
on
nly
when T. M returns to Pembroke, a sadder, and we trust a wiser man, we promise our Liberal friend to look into the matter of which lie complains. In the meantime, however, lie might do something in the way *»f looking up a colonization grant- from Mr. Lillies. The present is a most opportune time for the divsem- , inatiuu of trilles of this nature, and while other localities are being considered not our Lie lid's particularly objectionable mild hole north of Vann ? There might not he many votes in it, hut the public service that would result, i the trial worth while, anyway.
In thvir vitbrt- to defeat Mr. BraLizon tu! country known as. C-tnada was the Murray party are resorting to the usual Grit weapons of slander and misrepresentation. In the hack townships
heelers have gone so far as to
v
t
1 ami
1'<t Vallevfleltl and .nwrenve River, M.
Valleytield, where the Montreal cotton mills are situated, continueh to he the scene of considérable trouble between the empl 'Vers and employees. S > serious * did the difficulty become la ; the militia had to b* called out to pi serve order. < >n Thursday night, ll
chiefly French-Can

A first-class stock of Furniture of all kinds now on hand, including some special bargains
UNDERTAKING CALLS PROMPTLY ATTENDED T
x I
A
l
Has through L
a.t

BIRTHS
U Camplivlls Bay on Tuesday, Oct. 2 I Mi*>. Sell lex Hodgins a dan At Shawville on Monday, (let. 22. tu Mr ind Mrs. If. Barnett a daughter.
At Shawville on Tuexlay, Oct. 28. to Dr ind Mrs. L. Mulligan a son.
f
1
that

v
in Lounges and Parlor Suites,-'
Mr. an

i
L
et
lie
tliniis. attack v* l the ti while the latter were guard the mills, and w ! of the Royal S | the rioters and wounded bayonets
troojMi arrived abou * and their presume >
wh
Trains arrive at Ottawi i
11,10 r.M.Lo-al-from 1 England and Montreal at P.trl r Car
why
M)pS WItil b!01108,
m their way to ¦unded nine men The soldiers charged
eral with Xn additional force of 2*H) :	in	the morning,
• 3med to have had a salutary effect upon the rioters who quieted down and remained

New
1
IMOTIC
Hole is the report of Tarte s lecture at he Pavia Exhibition on .June 21 :—
Dissolution of Partners
12.15 P. M. Limit. .î- Frmii M .•ant, leaving Montr
Bristol Wharf

n
m. Has Pull
.n a
i
Parlor Cm
• '
u Mr. Tarte said the vast and beaut;
once

9.05 P. M. Lo al—Fran Mm mediate points, C .rnwal!, Kin
nod points west, H Montreal it 5.5o, ;.
a 6.35 P; M. Liini»* l—From M.»ntn 4. lu p.ra. lias Pullman Parlor Car.
Notice is hereby given that ,i'rtncr-
( ship heretofore muhsi.sting ber^^WJauiea
under the Dominion cf France.	.« ________	I (’uthlwrtsoh, James Graham V, John G.
“ lie spoke regretfully of the change	î£* r? R I	I Elliott, doing business in tjMllh ge of
.KC CHANcioFTIME. SESEïïfcS
¦sü spi warnisiüî»
.............. "
broke, Madnwaska and intermediate stations
1.00 P. M. Mixed Train fur Arni.rior Egan ville, Madawaskaand intermediate stations
1
-I inter Foront"
»
:
Parlor C’a
(fl
l

lay
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM TI1E WEST.
I
S
-r
w

In future the furniture and undertaking » department of the late firm will be can led	‘
r,
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m. I sawing, planing, shingle mill, etc., will be
carried on by John G. Elliott.
Dated at Shawville this first tiny i f October. 19(10.	¦ mgm J
(Signed.)
Every day (Sundays excepted)
I .	,	, ,	...... ,U, .hrnu	.-"n-:: L Mr. . Thomas Murray i. in the nme
frrw, Arnpridi «ud laterawUate pointe.	I South Mansfield and Waltham.	’ — ,	„	_	. .	I b«ïin on the 7th.
SiftO P Me Mixed Train* fn»rii Ma<lawa*kie tgan* i The following Mlhjpcts ure to Ije <1 Ncilfts-	1® JOUF NBH10 OR tü0 List ?
ville, Renfrew, Ampriur and interne,liate stations. J ed hy Mr. A. L. Gilman : Elementary Ar	. /	------
ithinetic, Elementary English, including The voters lists on which the elections composition and letter writing, School Or* are to he held are bristling with all kind of
ganization and School discipline. Papers	errors, and we notice	that a great many! Tenders for work on St. Matthew’s
will also be given hy Miss Mathcson,	of	electors have i»een left off altogether, ; this church, North Clarendon, will be	received
Tickets to Europe end	all parts of the	world t,y	all	|	Shawville, and Miss A. N. Stenning,	of	is especially the case	in Clarendon and | up to Saturday, Nov. 3rd. Plans	and spe
American and Canadian	steamship	lines, also Cook's	:	Fort Coulonge.	should he looked into	by the parties în* | ci fient ions can he seen at the	Rectory.
I°ura«	All parents, school officers and those in- teres ted. If the old Franchise act was j Tenders to be addressed to
a.	Trains nm daily except Sunday.	terested in education are cordially in- bad the present is ten times worse a huge
b.	Btnday only, c, Daily,	J vited.	bungle.
\ *
1“
the
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m
JAS. CVTHPERT.SON, JAS. GRAHAM J. G. EJ.LIO lf b

»
Meeting all Trains.
oi
at.
r-
CEORCE BALLANTINE,


Calves Los
y
Strayed a wav, one brindle aipe^j and white calf. Information Up
bv are will be thankfully receiml by the dersigned. Parties harboring the ani-^	,,	—, .	. . I mais without giving notifleathn of them
One year old bull, dehorned. Owner will be looked after. The brindle calf has can have him by paying expenses.	the letter A. cut on its hip.
JÔHN T. HODGINS.	J. G. McGUIRE,
Yarm.	Shawville
Ferryman
of
iii-
Tenders Wanted.
ie red ** where
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
3
Central Depot, Rnssell House BlocL
the
STRAYED

un
i
W. H. NAYLOR,
Rector.

t
I
\
/
f
