###PAGE###1###

No. 40. 19rii Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MARCH 20, 1002.
$1.00 a Year in Advance
Mondays, Wednesday* and Saturday* -clearing sale days at Karls, <
FIII8T-CLA88
Important Announcement !
ÜÏÏR Bargain Sale.
FARM FENCING
Two-row turnip seedeiw at
Heed OfllMf . Capital raid up
OTTAWA, CANADA.
. ...... li.ooo,uvn
........ i.iu.m
Smart & Smith s
OF CANADA.
ONLY
See the new Mawtoy -Harris land roller —Ui« latest and best— run* on roller War
Smart & Smith.
Hast
Board of Directors:
Charles Maoee, Em»., Prtitde.it , Qaoroi Bat, mg.,Vice-President.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
30 Cents per ROD.
in*,.
CAPITAL -
- - #«.000,000-1,% UJV SStegîISC
Right of Way. paper - oy< r.
¦	|	The Drug Store ¦
fur sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CC., Limited,
PICTON. ONT.
read Office, . Montreal.
oeOBOEBUBN 1). a. MNICII
Forty dollars cash will pu!\hase a new Massey Harris Mower. Tills machine has
General Manager,
.. .. Manager.
Wanted -A smart, intelligent boy to team the printing business.
Apply at The Equity Office.
has never been set up, and is new and complete in every detail. Apply to George Telford, Lot No. 14, R.7, Bristol.
Brandie* ;
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln.
Itemptnile,
Mattawe,
Ottawa, do
do Balk 8t do Rideau Ht. Toronto, do Somerset Ht. Wiecheetar VaaklMk BUI, Smith's Falla
IN MANITOBA :
SB AW VILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved eeturlty at reasonable rates.
Dry Goods Clothing Boots & Shoes Crockery and Glassware.
Having decided to sell out the above lines
Wanted for the primary department in	_«	,	,	,	. •	_
BOB SALE-Ncw bon. «Hpptre-run*	Brj.O»	» Change to BJ bUBllieSS, W6 Offet th.
1	"’t“.E.u„,ot.ki	—	IK	entlre atock COST PRICHS. The goods
Skkd Oath por Salb.—A quantity of Coulonge, has^pened an office’at Mr. It DuU^w!!^M^^^rî/nex^^^^ all first ti&SS, many lin68 being jU8t Opened UÜ for
2&5?"“tStSSX **	TZt KSr „	, ,JW*L« Spring trade. It is impossible to give in this
u ...	T l---------8pace aEy idea of r^. ^t we can assure buyers
ffA'ær&lTS.V <S S—l^b^Æ J,,	For Sale Or Exchange, that everything in the Unes mentioned
“‘’"“•‘•SSShww*» SP^X.:®”ÆiSî j;K SK'S IS gain-
Hereafter,	Dr. Stackhouse, Sur-	<- *er*t	*eioe,	m Montreal, and	few good milch cows, also a brown colt
geon Dentist.,	will be at Shawvilleon	oomee well recommended.	coming 3 year# old. He is a good one
Mr. T. A. Wainman, while crowing third Tuesday iu each month, and Vamp- An engineer of the Public Works de-	Wro. HODGI NS.
the Ottawa near Campbell* Bay on Sa- bell* Bay the following day. Parties wUl »•»* ie shortly to make an inspection of 1 ***** <lu >ort’March 19021 turday, broke through tho ice and had a oblige very much by calling early.	^nÎT? ,cre’ W*11C“ lfl greatly needed.
12“"-' it lotting out . :	JSÏ&ï Jx. ™,1 “ £& I	DEER AND MOOSE.
mi ,	• 1 . w	I have received a circular and personal ago, so tliat the repairs—if any are to be |	-
Ihe house occupied by Mrs Wilson letter from the librarian of McGill Uni- made this year—could have been under- All well disposed persons are expected,	~	—
on	(ourt Street	was	quarantined	for	versify stating	an offer of a periodical	taken before the ioe moved out. Many, Und it is their duty to assist the Game	rTVU4Q	Q	rQ7û	nVionnn	-Pr\v	nnn4-/>wi
diphthem on	Wednesday last	on report	travelling library, and strongly ugring us	if not all our citizens hold the opinion	Warden m protecting the deer and moose	±1118 IS <X	TcLlG	CH3HC6	10T	CUStOlll*
îf™-	18	U. take Avant.™ of the offeî on beSalf tliaMbe Count, Council .houid owime ^VÏÆ.^ydW m» now tat _a	.	,,	.	.
afflicted with the disease.	0f the reodinglul, in our village. Koch «he Impossibility of keeping thH struct-	d ™ ro d sffl wtTiind	6PS tO SUDDIV thOlî WHIltS for
For sale at $175 or to lease for term of library consists of about 25 books, care- uw 111 proper condition.	ness to those animals.	r£r V
years, the North-West half I»t No 4 In fully elected, upon miscellaneous topic*. Very little action horn yet been token All that is necessary i* to drop a line Qrvrin<y on/4 tVlûTT ol-iZMilzl v.
WeClarendon. » acres cleared 0r, if desired, upon a s,)ccUl topic, vitb in regard to cm,ingout the compulsory	0^1111^ dUU tI10y SEOUld EOT/ E11SS
r,0:ettiti ^LXU"», 7o‘r' renew», ever, ,/uarter *	^
suitable purchaser or tenant Address Many of us in Shaw ville hare long some of the citizens, who do not approve It la better but not necessary that you Arthur McConnell, Advocate, Hull Que. felt the need of something in the direct °* this tardiness, are threatening to take should give your name, unless you wish to
EeSWs e-Ss'-s 2iEFsrr:rz.rl
g	’	interested in the matter will please meet through a couple of miles above the vil- Birth.—At Calumet Island on Feb
On and after Thursday, March 16th, at the above mentioned hall on Thursday lag*, Fortunately the water was shal- 26th, to Mr. and Mrs. Charlie Letts, freight train service on the Pontiac Paci- evening after mail time, when the offer Uow at the spot and the horses were daughter, iio Junction Railway will be discontinued, of the travelling libraries will be explain- rescued without much difficulty.
A mixed freight and passenger service ed, and further action may be taken.	Mr. R McC. Ritchie was in town on Mv f>-.on Rnhuwmenk, suroass anv-
will leave Waltham, Que., daily at 7.00	W. D. Abmitagk,	| Thursday and Friday attending tho meet thing in the country/ both in price and
a. m., and Ottawa, Ont., at 3.30 p.m,	Frio. Sbawville Academy, iog of the Good Roads Association. artistic superiority. Don't be misled by
P. W. Rbmbman,	_____ ___ _______________________ outside dealers when you have a local man
(i v A	_ . . ~	who purposes dealing honestly with you.
Otter Lake.	I	Big Money In Hogs.	* • H. Imison, Photographer.
Aletaadrie,
Aroprior,
Afonmure,
Btaeetridge,
Carletoe
OobdeaHl Hswkeslmry
Lanark.
Parr? bound, Pemnrvke, Hat Portage, Winchester, Renfrew
Colonist special trains to tho Canadian North west for settlers and their effects will pass A rnprior at 9.45 p
AWÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊ
Money transferred to all part* of the world. I J- R* Tierney, ticket agent, Arnprior,
1
QHINGLES FOR SALE.
m. every Tuesday il information from
Farmers notes boogbt and collected
SMART At SMITH.
Place,

Ont
NOTICE.
SAVINGS BANK
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
*
disease.	1 hereby forbid any
Some of our residents have been get-1 $he*‘lüL^d Virale1 ting into trouble with the board of settled. Any person doing 10 a.», toi pm. I health for alleged neglect of the obser- above act* Will be prosecuted.
F. A PARKER, ranee of some of its regulations respect- L	WILLIAM KEELER
Manager, ing contagious diseases.
Th^zLitchfield Council are looking after parties who have failed to com-with the compulsory vaccination
Accounts opened tor amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Omen Hours .
Saturdays , .
person from très* e mill property at until ray claim is either of the
Porkgc La Prairie
IN QUEBEC î
, Ruii,
Bhawihlgia Falls
Agesti is Canada, New York and Chicago—
Montreal
Lavhuie
10 A.M. TO 3 P.M
Bristol, March 14,1902.
Agents is Bt. Paul- Merchant* Nst Rank: Agents In London, Eng.—Parr's bank Ltd.
Teacher Wanted,
%
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
ÛW
are
rtfton of matter unie* Il la In
l
New lever finishing harrows at
Smart & Smith*.
Notice—AU accounts due me must be mettled by April 16th.
Mr. John Smith has sold hie horee to Doc. Lawson ofQuyon.
Mr. Hector Hodgins has taken over and butcher business of Mr. luire.
W. T. Karl.
ni.sh
is a Bar-
late*
the grocery a John G McG
We want to clear out this stock in the next thirty days if possible.
it.
• #
• S
t e
• %
BUY EARLY and secure a share of the good things offered.
J
SHAW.
P. S.—New Hats just in.
Messrs. Grisdale and Mortereau, of the
u-ts riXSu: £2 KI	Sr: sr
ight train on which they intended com-	already sent up their drivers. The job	«hip of Gloucester adjoining the city of	Mrs. A. McRae has gone to Ottawa	to
;from Ottawa and did not arrive here	hers near hear here are mostly aU finish-	Ottawa, last week made a sale of stock	attend tho millinery opening.
ttssasm ïcvrr.'rrteESHîS ag==—
evening, in case the train should be late. this week,	he received the highest market price
One day last week Mr. Francis Wil- i0^'w^newUy. ^ ^ ^ Foi t Cou poMhe83 pigs^ he was paid #905, 16 friends elsewhere non sustained serious injuries to one of	Alexander, of Shaw ville, and Mr. with adeduction of $10 for freight, which Mr. Thomas McDowell went to Ottawa
.ns knees by breaking through a Marshal Armstrong were paying a visit left him $895.16.	on Thursday to attend the meeting of tho
box on the end of which he was stand-	to the Club House on Murray Creek.	Out of the 83 pigs 35 were selects,	Goods Roads Association as	one	of the
ing for the purpose of reaching the top	mp w Farrell, who has been in Otta-	while 48 wore classed as 14 lights " but	representative of Clarendon.
¦ SsK;* tees mmæ
Rev. Mr. Lurarais and Miss Bella, of the most money for them. The great p., ^»e	1
Are You in Favor of a Skimming	Thorne West, were visiting Mr. and	majority of farmers both in this and
Plant, Or Not?	Robert and Miss Edith Farrell and Mrs.	other countries market their hogs in the
---	G. E. Murphy, Friday and Saturday. fall and winter when prices are low. On
On Wednesday last the stockholders Mr O. Desjardin went to Shawville that account I breed so that my jugs are of Lily Factory met to discuss the ad vis- Thursday, leaving same time as our farrowed in September.	Not one person in ten thousand of
ability of putting in a skimming outfit in mail carrier, Mr. Desjardin, getting to During the winter I keep them comfort- those who will read Helen Keeler* own their factory for use in spring and fall.	Shawville before dark, and on his way	ably hou ed, and feed them on roots	story	of Iter life,	when	it	begins	in	an
A short meeting was held in the fore-	home Friday met the courier going down	grown on a throe acre field. In addition	early	issue of the	Ladies*	Home Journal,
noon, which really accomplished nothing, with our Thursday* mail. Lately it to the roots they are given a thin drink will have the least conception of the but to start the farmers thipkmg	would seem as if the mail courier just of provinder and water once a day.	amount of hard work required to write
Meeting again at 2 p. m., a goodly runs the mail when and how he pleases. I 41 I mix in the proportion of a bag of the story. First of all Miss Keeler puts
number of sharedolders were present;	________ • I provender to 90 hogs. In the spring down her idea “ in Braille as the
also three Ottawa gentlelmen, Messrs.	fWmnhttll'* Rpv	they are put in a clover field when the blind express it i that is to say m the
Bingham, McKeller and Roth well, all of	v p	y	cloyer is about three inches high. Once system of 44 points being road after by
the Ottawa Dairy Co.	•	--- ladavthev are given a drv feed of corn naming the sensitive fingers over them.
PERSONAL
fre

ing
till
V V
Spring !
Mias B. McBbchren returned to Town last week, after an extended visit to
With it comes the necessity for a good
Spring Medicine, and so there are numberless so-called preparations on the market, and many of them worthless. Great caution is necessary in buying your spring tonic.
Spring’s
Sarsaparilla
How Helen Koeler Writes
An Ideal Spring Medicine, purifies the
blood and gives tone to the entire system, by improving the condition of the stomach, bowels and kidneys. No secret about the ingredients it is composed of as they are on every bottle
Campbell's Bay
y they are given a dry	feed of corn I passing the sensitive finger* over them.
Mr. Bingham,	the	manager,	being I Men are daily arriving from the	Cou* land barley which is «imply	thrown on the j When all of this Draille work has been
asked stated	that	the	Dairy	Co.	would	longe	shaties, while others	are coming	ground. For 100 h6gs 1	giro about a 1 completed Miss Kooler goes to her tv pe-
eupply cream	cans	and freight	the	cream	up to	engage in the spring’s	drive,	both	hag of com and a bag of barley a day. I writer aud uses these notes as a guide to
from the station here and manufacture it, elements combining to make a consider The result of this system is that every tho rewriter of the story, and make returns twice a month for | able amount of 1‘stir” in the village. | summer I have a number of hogs ready | As soon as a page of matter is type
The merchants r
Mr. McKeller spoke in short on com-1 has beon fairly good of fch*ir manufacturing niant, with a nercentibl
IB ground, for 1UV nogs 1 givo about a compiuim mus ixovirr* h hag of com and a bag of barley a day. writer aud uses these no r- The result of this system is that every tho rewriter of the story, age. summer I have a number of hogs ready As soon as a page of matter is type business for the market just when the highest written it is, so to speak, lost to Mias irne past, prices are being raid.	Kuelor,	who	has to depend upon her
100 - Full Doses - 100 75 Cent Bottle.
that
r*
1 jc. per lb. butter fat.
time past, [prices are being paid.	Mower, who has to uep^^^^^^g
pleteness of their manufacturing plant, I with a perceptible tendency to briskness Mr. Clark showed the Journal are- faithful teacher, Mi» 8uui and the good prices they had realized. of late.	ceipt showing him to have sold tho Geo. it to her b v spelling out each sentence
Mr. Roth well quoted some figures to Mr. R. Kenney having resigned the Matthews Co last year ever $1,800 worth by means of the ham!* Ibis a tedious show that skim milk was worth §0 cents | position of station agent here, a new of hogs in this way.	bask, especially as aomo of the pages have
p<*r cwfc. to the farmer, and endeavored . official, Mr. Potter, is now in charge.	Of the first 100 hogs he sent to the to be read again and Again, withchanges
to chow how the farmer was losing by Residents of the village are content- factory last year every one passed selects, hero and there, before Mb* Keeler is iivglecting his young stock.	! plating the building of sidewalks when He only keep* Chester White and al- satisfied. Then when the proofs are
After some discussion it was resolved the season opens up. This move will be ways breeds from pure-bred stock. Mr. sent to her, all this slow process of ^ elite give the directors power to purchase a j appreciated, especially by visitor* during Clark has made a study of the kind of ing word after word has to bo gone skimming plant, and make arrangements ! sloppy weather and will show fcha C.B. animals the pork packers want and that through once more, so that each word necessary ior the operating of the same, I haa some progress:vensss in its com- is how he is able to produce so many that Helen Kcelei writes govs through if they consider it profitable.	I position, Incorporation may reasonably animals accept!hie to the packer.	her fingers at least five time* It will be
The president and directors request be looked forward to at no very distant Ho will also have for sale In May next at leant satisfactory to everybody to know that each shareholder send a card to the I date.	a choioo lot of young pig* all registerable that the publisher* of the Journal h*ve
president before April 1st, stating hie Mrs. Gov. M. Smith, is seriously ill from tho best Chester White stock, '«cognised in a substantial manner tho wish for orag insta skimming plant.	with puenmonia Her little boy is just F *r full particulars write.—Robert Ctirko, extraordinary ability and patience which
R. W/hodoiwi. ' recovering irum an attack of tho same j 41 Cooper street Ottawa.	Miss Keeler Has shown in her
ivan, to repeat
Sold only at
THE DRUG STORE.
P. 8.—Avoid cheap Sarsaparillas, as they are injurious.
work
###PAGE###2###





letting GWS SENTENCED TO DEATH.
ANIMAL EXTRAVAGANCES.
BOTES AND COMMENTS
PERSONAL TIT-BITS
of Interest About Loading People.
mm
Tho King of Italy possess*	<ine clothes and other luxuries for
of tho most valuable horses {“/ their favorites
world. In his stables uro ' particular become more elaborate
and tho double row of stalls	* and expensive every day, and new
a regular street, Each anmu ' ' ideas are brought into fashion with
its name painted in large w 11 ‘	. almost as much regularity am those
tors above its manger. One <>	concerning tho dress of their mls-
most valued of all is the hoi* , ln,SFCtj
which was formerly ridden ll 1 u j pew pet dogs are so well provided late King lluml>crt.	for in tho way of clothes and jewels
Some time ago it wan noticed by Q8 a tiny French bulldog named Fuu-ggiidmiier of Mr Rudyard KiplingI vett€( owned by Miss Elsie de Wolfe, that his famous poem, "On the Road j	ajy X\ el 1 known in Parisian so-
lo Mandalay," went very well to tho ciety. Fauvette has won many time of “The Wearing of the Guvn | prizes for his mistress, including On pointing this out to tho ‘«m*- first prize at the Paris Hog Show of brated author, Mr. Kipling replied . 2899, and a similar prize at the “Oh, yes, I frequently take a	Paris Exhibition. Consequently ov-
known song, hum it over for a few 1 ary rare and luxury is lavished tip-minotes, and then write words to hi | on |t
tho tune."
Pierre Dccorti is a wonderful man I Wllrdrobo for her pet, consisting of who for about twenty years has an- numerous Parisian-cut garments of tonishod tho people of (Mend. lhu- tho finest materials. Fauvette also ing all that time he has simply lived | possesses many valuable ornaments water during the forty days of jn the way of jewelled collars, bracelet , while for the rest of the year j1 ets, and bells. She can also boast I ,nff liquors, and only 12 milliards on he has been content with water and , 0f a special toilet set consisting of | food. It was estimated that bread. Tho curious thing is that brushes with mother-of-pearl and this extraordinary conduct does not j jowqlled backs, as well as an ebony seem to have had any effect on the manicure set.
of his	I ¦¦¦¦¦
It is not generally known that tho pet cats being bedecked with jewels!year, which meant five glasses of German Empress is n sculptor and in tho same manner that dogs are | spirits
than usual ability. | sometimes treated. Many American
slow deep breaths and it out gently. This conscious deep breathing repeated ten or twenty times at intervals during tho day tends to expand tho chest permanently, to give it classic poise and stylo. Repeated forty times, it is said to bo a cure for worry.

Some I Cats and Dogs Possess Valuable
Ornaments.
One of the most popular crazes
Some of Thom Are Also Knighted
in Spain.
Notes
FOR ™ ROME•
------------&
The "Society for Combra^tg Abuse of Spirituous Liquors its annual
the
*9
held
At first sight tho above title seems almost Incredible, yet it is a fact that there are at the present time guns belonging to the Spanish army undergoing sentences of death and imprisonment.
An astonishing case of this kind Fast boiling was brought to notice by a friend of
A a Spanish officer while paying a visit to him when he was stationed at the Spanish Artillery barracks. San Francisco Square, Porto Rico, a few years ago, says London Answers. They Waiting at the entrance of tho barracks for his officer friend, ho happened to see a Mauser rifle hanging b.v tho gunsling to A nail in tho wall. The gentleman, thinking it very curious why such a good piece of ordnance should be thus neglected and allowed to get rusty, asked tho sentry on guard tho reason, and was informed that this Mauser rifle had If new tinware is rubbed over with been sentenced by court-martial to fresh lard and thoroughly heated in throe years' imprisonment tho oven before being used, it is practising with this said it
conference recently Breslau, Germany. Evidence of the progress which has been made the temperance movement tii
at
Recipes for the Kitchen. K
hygiene and Other Notes 1
for the housekeeper.	*
*
**ee#e##@e#«e*e*G*G*8*
GOOD RECIPES.
Veal Omelette—Take four pounds shoulder or other cheap parts of tho veal, Bono and chop line. Then take 16 crackers rolled and sifted, 4 eggs wall beaten, pepper and salt to suit tho taste. Mix all well together. Pack tightly into a loaf, lay iu a pan and pour around it 2 cups boiling water, llasto two or throe Him*. Bako an hour. Try with a »trnw. Very nice for picnics, Sunday dinners, etc.
Roast Reef—Prepare for the oven by <rcdging lightly with flour and evasonhig with salt and pepper ; place in tho oven, and basic frequently while roasting. Allow a quarter of an hour for a pound of meat, if you like it rare, longer if you like it well done. Serve with a sauce made from the drippings in the pan, to which has been added 1 tablespoon tomato capsup.
Soup—Four pounds shin of beef, or 4 lbs knuckle of veal, or 2 lbs of each; 2 ®z butter, 2 large onions, 1 turnip, 3 carrots, 1 head celery, 3 lumps sugar, 2 oz salt, & teaspoon whole poppers, 1 large blade mace, 1 bunch savory herbs, 4 qts and $ pt cold water. Cut up the meat into pieces about throe inches square; rub the butter on the bottom of the stew pan, and put in $ pt water, the meat and all tho other ingredients. Cover the stewpan and place in a sharp fire, occasionally stirring its contents. When tho bottom of the pan becomes covered with a pale jelly-like substance, add the 4qts cold water and simmer very gently. Remove every particle of scum while t is boding.
Tip-Top Pudding—Two cups buttermilk, 2 cups flour or Indian meal (1 prefer the meal), 1 cup beef suet chopped, 1 cup dried currants, * cup sugar, 2 eggs, beaten separately 1 teaspoon soda, 1 teaspoon salt, spices if you prefer. Steam for three hours in a pudding form. Eat hot with cream and sugar.
Grafton biscuit—Pour 1 qt boiling milk over * Tb lard and a little salt. Stir in 4 tablespoons flour. Let the mixture cool, then add flour sufficient to make a stiff sponge and 1 teacup yeast, also 2 tablespoons sugar. Let rise live hours. Make up soft, and knead as bread. When light again, roll out into sheets three-fourths of an inch thick; cut into round cakes, set these closely in a pan, let them rise for half an hour, and bake 20 minutes in a quick oven. They are tho best rolls I ever nto.
Gingerbread—Half a teacup molasses, i teacup buttermilk, 1 beaten egg, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 level teaspoon each of ginger and soda sifted with 2 teacups flour. Bake in a sheet, not as a loaf.
by
H l NTS T(* 110 USEK EEP ERS.
filer-
many may be found in tho fact that (h« University of Rresiuu great hall for the first meeting of
the conference. In welcoming
delegates from a distance, Heron Ptorgnrdt said that •gainst alcohol was


Turnips should always be cooked slowly in salted water makes them tough and strong new way to cook this rather coarse vegetable is to pare and boil them whole. When done, the center is scooped out, mashed, seasoned and returned to the turnip shells are then set in the oven and browned delicately. Tho result is said to justify tho extra labor, especially if cream is used in the seasoning.
It is said a saturated solution of borax and water rubbed on with a sponge, then followed by clear water will remove tho glaze caused by long wear from black goods.
Dogs* toilettes in
lent it»
the
von tho struggle
an eminently Christian enterprise. Centuries might
elapse before alcoholism was entirely overcome, but he believed that cohol would one day bo universally regarded as an enemy of civilization. All that could be done

al-
an
at present, however, wee to counsel moderation
in its use. In Germany alcohol a burden that bore heavily
nnd they desired to emancipate the people from this evil. Ho gave n few statistics. Throe milliards of marks
was
While
gun at tho
will never rust, no mutter j shooting range it suddenly went olT
and kicked over the soldier who was handling it. On being examined it was found that tho trigger had not boon pulled, and the three years’ sentence was the result of an inquiry into tho nITair.
Another case of a gun belonging to tha Spanish army being disgraced happened while tho Spaniards were endeavoring to quell the Cuban insurrection. Tents had boon pitched for the night, and stillness reigned through the camp, when suddenly a terrific report rent the air. In an
Ersit „, llk
nl commanding was Derolcvcd to bust of tho Emperor in bronze while Bland, of San Francisco, whose fcl- itual drinkers. The people generally know the reason of	L	several of tho young Princes have ine pet. named Beauty, wears a pair bad ho conception of tho dangers of
- :
finding the culprit of the scare Af- rioua Pal,ices.	wander beyond tho watchful eye of working classes In that part of the
ter a thorough examination the of- At n Sunday school in North Wales its mistress when wearing such valu- country when a child cried it was fending rilio was discovered, and tho	a ,ittlc Kiri, named M A Pritchard,, nblc ornaments. Mrs. Bland hoe	tbo custom to plnco a sponge dipped
ing in his tent at the time of the	twelve years old, and had previously	bedtime cornea, Beauty is clothed in	tho German exports to Togoland and
learnt by heart tho whole book of a night-gown and comfortably pine- one-seventh Proverbs. Another member of a vd in its specially prepared bed. to bo hunir un with its chapel in tho same town, an old man To a certain extent one can undercap on for a period of two years "	over eighty years of age, named stand people- pampering pet dogs	regarded gambling and drunken-
Àt the attack on San Cristobal J(),m Taylor,, has repeated from and cats. But it is somewhat dim- ness as tho great curses of tl.o ago. Castle, one hundred years ago bv memory the whole of the book of cult to imagine a person making a
the English, one of our warships Psalms.	1 <‘t of a pig and providing it with The appeal of tho Breslau profos-
was sunk by a big gun fired from the The King of Sweden has offered luxuries. An instance came to light, sors to the students begins by stat-
One of the most extraordinary	our war-vessels that tho then reign-	man Prince sent to Queen Ulrica]	room in the house in which to live	roro w,th the enjoyment of student
feats of horsemanship performed	in	ing monarch of Spain bestowed on	Eleaparu of Sweden a cradle of solid	as well as a feather bed on which to	life, its songs and its symposia; but
this or any other country was that	this cannon a knighthood, and it is	I gold as a christening present for hoi	sleep. When tho authorities became	it is
of Mr. John Leech Mailing, at	the	entitled to be called “His Éxcellen-	child. Tho ship containing the pro-	aware of the singular manner in
White Hurt Hotel, Aylesbury, nearly cy" like an ordinary army general sent was driven by a terrible gale on whh*h this pig was kept they ordered	,	.
three-quarters of a century ago.	He	and soldiers have to present arms	the shores pf the Island of Tjoru,	*t to bo placed in a proper pig-sty,	tOMcating liquors. 1 ho damage done
rode his horse upstairs into’	the	when passing it.	where it became a total wreck. The	considering that it was a danger to	to mind and body by excessive drinkdining-room,	and	while	the	meal	was	F0r ^he splendid defence rendered	inhabitants of the island massacred	'he public health In being allowed to	ing	in	the	years	of	early	manhood
in	progress	jumped	tho	animal	clean	by the soldier# in Morro Castle	the crew and pillaged the ship, but	live in tho same house as its mis-
over the	when it was attacked by the Dutch the cradle was saved and now lies tress.
two centuries ago tho Castle was buried in a lonely part of the island, knighted, and every afternoon the William Morrell, of Nottingham,* band plays “Marcha Heal," the same England, who has just entered upon
march which is played when tho Gov- his one hundred and second year, | the Alps, falling 2,400 feet, has been I rifices
ernor approaches	mndo shoes for most of the famous	regarded as tho highest waterfall In	Tho	students	should	protest	against
A Spanish soldier is responsible	prize fighters of the early years of	the world, but a waterfall in the
for the statement that while he was	tho last century, and finally entered	San Cuayatun canyon, in tho State
stationed at Cadiz he saw a largo	the prize-ring himself, becoming a	()f Durango, Mexico, now claim» first |	^ll° ®y®^m of compulsion which pre-
rified gun “sentenced to death" for	formidable pugilist in his day. In	placed It was discovered by some
having burst and killed some gunners	later years he became a member of	prospectors in tho great Barranca
with tho breech-block; it was subse-	the first police force of Nottingham,	district, which is called tho Tierros
fluently smelted down and made in- and finally a Methodist preacher. Pesconocidas. While searching for to another gun. There arc at sev-	Notwithstanding his great ago ho	the famous lost mine, Narunjal, a
oral arsenals and castles in Spain	remains alert in body and mind and	great roar of water was heard With
weapons which are “doing time."	deeply interested in religious affairs,	vast difficulty the party pushed
|tbe jmd up and down the mighty chasm
beheld the superb fall,
upon
Miss do Wolfe has provided a most wonderful and extensive
the nation.
how much it is put in water.
A paste that it is alleged will remove scorched spots from linen and any other fabric is made as follows : Shave a half ounce of white castile soap; put with it two ounces of fullers’ earth, the juice of two peeled onions am! a cup of vinegar well and let it boil thoroughly. Cool, and spread over t^ho scorched spot, let remain till dry, then wash, and tho spot will have disappeared.
Wore	spent
in the German empire on intoxieat-
on
Stir
on an
average every German man, woman or child consumed ten litres of pure It is not often that one hears of I alcohol; or 30 litres of spirits in a
for each person per diem, amount of poison that meant for men who were really hab-
CROCHETED DOILIES
What an
The revival of crocheted lace work which in Irish designs is so popular just now for dress trimmings, has brought into vogue again, according to Harper’s Bazar, tho old-fashioned charming table mats, as they were called by our grandmothers, of crocheted linen thread. The old, when it is good, is sure to become new if it waits long enough, and crocheted doilies are having their day. Linen thread in pure white or cream, or even in the unbleached linen shade
may bo used. Tho number of tho thread must depend on the make, in 1 lf e going of? and he was therefore,
the guilty Mauser was
sentenced
of tho German exports to Hast Africa consisted of alcohol.
which the y a des vary ; it must be fine and tho steel needle too.
4 I
EQUESTRIAN EXPLOITS.
Some Extraordinary Feats
Horsemanship.
necessary to utter a warning against excessive indulgence in In-
can never be repaired. The students are invited to ask their medical comrades what they see in the hospitals. The man who is a drunkard roc-
Dcscribing the incident not very long ago, Mr. Mailing said :—“Nothing was removed from the table. In fact the dinner was actually going on. I jumped the horse barebacked, without a bridle, before more than forty gentlemen who were dining after the steeplechases
Seven or eight years ago a number of German officers stationed at Metz performed an extraordinary equestrian exploit—or perhaps escapade it ought to be called. Shortly after twelve one night six lieu tan ts of tho 13th Dragoons dashed out of the barracks on their chargers, clad in nothing but their shirts.
Without pausing'they charged an adjacent cafe, breaking the doorways and windows and leaping their horses over the heads of the terrified cus-
HIOF1EST WATERFALL
Hitherto the Cerosola cascade in
his
personal
liberty
any kind, of compulsion to drink
» »
NUTRIMENT IN FOODS
vailed in the universities was immoral. Students should not bo ashamed to oppose it, but should make it a point to do so. Drinking is not a manly sport, and does not Imply anything honorable or useful, and the custom of trying to drink down one’s neighbors is unworthy of German students; it ought to bo left to drinkers of schnapps, who often sacrifice their lives in these foolish contests. Above all, students should nôt drink until their day’s work is finished, since it had been scientifically proved that even small quantities of intoxicating drink diminished tho powers of attention of the brain. The professors further invito the students to abolish tho almost universal custom of “Fruhschoppcn,” or morning beer drinking.
An interesting side-light upon tho nutritive values of different kinds of food is furnished by an editorial in tho London Lancet treating of the quantity of water to bo found in many well-known articles of human diet. It appears, for example, that tho turnip contains over DO per cent, of water, tho cabbage nearly the Bame amount, ami the cucumber and the vegetable marrow about 95 per cent.; whilst amongst fruits the strawberry contains nearly 90 per cent. of water, the apple 82 per cent., and grapes 80 per cent. Even tho various meats used as food contain an amount of water far in ex-cess of tho amount of solid constituents. Thus three-fourths of beef and mutton consist of water. Lamb contains less water, namely, 64 per cent., pork still less, 60.9 per cent, and bacon only 22.3 per cent. It would appear that ns the flesh foods Increase in the amount of fat, the proportion of water, as a rule, diminishes. Coming to birds, the flesh of the fowl and duck contains about 70 per cent, of watcj\ and that, of tho pigeon 75 pier cent, while the flesh of the goose contains only 88 per cent., the last being another example of the fat increasing with a corresponding diminution in the proportion of water. Fishes contain from 40 to 80 per cent, of water.
The egg, one of the most powerful of nutritives, contains 65.5 per cent, of water, the white consisting of 80 per cent., and the yolk of 50.9 per cent. The latter, of course, is the more nourishing part. As a rule, foods containing a small proportion I doctor with his hoofs. The teat was of water are not fit for human con- superbly done, but unfortunately sumption until they arc cooked, ! Hnndy Andy stumbled on landing which commonly means reducing Inn(* unseated his clever and intrepid
them to a digestible state by adding water and boiling. *
on
Mnngan, widely known os grand old Queen’s hosier," died at|l,ntil they
Balbriggan a few days ago. Mungan which is said to bo at least 3,000 A Few Hints as To How They I for sixty years regularly made the f( ct high.
May Be Avoided.	| hosiery of the late Queen Victoria,
and a few year» ago he was publicly presented by the Recorder at the Quarter Sessions with tho Queen’s portrait, bearing her autograph signature, which Her Majesty had sent him in recognition of his vices. Mangan's hosiery work took first prize at tho Paris Exhibition, at tho Philadelphia Centenary Exhibition, and other international competitions. Ho worked personally jyiat tho Dublin Textile Exhibition in ISO'/, and was there introduced to the then Duke and Duchess of York.
Ho also made tho hosiery for the ex-Em press Eugenic and for the late Empress of Austria.
OVERCOAT COLDS
tomers. Two of them actually rod# round the large hall of the cafe, th* others contenting themselves with leading their horses round b> the bridle. Tho police were at once sent for by tho proprietor, but as one constable who ventured to expostulate was brutally maltreated for his temerity the others thought it prudent not to interfere. A few minutes later the rowdy officers remounted their steeds and rode off again at the gallop. It is hardly necessary to add that their outrageous conduct created quite a sensation in the town.
A marvellous feat in the hunting field was reported tv few months since from Warrnnmbool, Victoria. During a run of the local hounds a horse known ns Handy Andy, ridden by Mr. M. J. Dickson, approached a stiff four-rail fence in the neighborhood of Grasmere. Another horse, bearing Dr. MncKnight, stopped within a few feet of the obstacle, and running down the fence, got in the way of Handy Andy. The latter then jumped the obstructing horse, rider and fence, just,touching the
PLAGUE OF WILD DOGS.
In Northern Patagonia a reward is offered for tho extermination of the dogs mat overrun that part of the world. The ancestors of these wild dogs were a pair of tame collies which were taken over by a Scotsman straight from his native heath. The animals have retained their natural instinct in connection with sheep, but instead of guarding them they prefer killing them; hence the farmers have always to be prepared for the sudden advance at any time of a strong herd of the wild creatures hungering after mutton.
That overcoats arc responsible for many colds has long been suspected.
Tho suspicion has now been confirmed by the perfectly scientific explanation of a medical man.
When a thick overcoat is worn, lie says, the warm moisture given off by tho body is prevented from escaping.
It collects in the coat, vest, and underclothing, thoroughly saturating them. This is not of much consequence so long as tho overcoat worn, but when that is taken off the wearer is in the position of a butter cooler surrounded by a damp cloth.
Tho heat of his body is conducted away in large quantities, and he
suffers a sudden and severe chill. To I Many years ago Mr. Ilennlker Hca-tbis arc due many colds, ns well as ton, the pioneer of Universal Penny
lumbago rheumatism and neuralgia. Postage, happened to he in a village The Frankfurter Zoitung reports a As a rule, the overcoat is taken post-office in Lincolnshire when a singular freak of paternal liberality in off at the worst possi’’o time—that poorly-clad woman entered and ask- the matter of a wedding dowry. On is, when exercise lias censed. The | cd how much it would cost to send the betrothal of his daughter, Herr
to her son in Australia. Duchatschek had announced that ho Sixpence,'* was the reply ; and the would give her, as a marriage por-cold I old woman, with a sorrowful shake lion, her weight in silver currency.
of of the head departed. Mr. Heaton Accordingly, on the wedding day, tho over- quickly followed her with a sixpenny bride was formally weighed in the stamp, which the old lady, with drawing room, in presence of the as-results several many protestations of gratitude, af- semblcd guests, before proceeding to courses are open. Firstly, one might fixed to a letter which she held in church. Tho lady, turning the scales advantageously rely for protection her hand. Three months later Mr. at <>2 kilograms (a little less than from tho cold on warm woollen Heaton was again in the same office, 140 pounds), a sack was at once fil-underclothing. If one is young midland tho postmaster asked him if he led with* silver crowns to the same robust it is not necessary to wear remembered the old lady whoso let- weight. The exact number of crowns an overcoat at all. Then the eva- ter he had stamped. He replied that was 13,500, about $2,800. poration of moisture will go on gra- ho did. "Well," said the official, "in dually, and there will be no chill, reply to that letter the poor eld
Another p|an is to wear one heavy ! soul has just received a five-pound ,,	. ,	^ r,ir„i
massm mm wmm
ous overcoat may bo safely worn. pegging away at tho post office for ,ar*v being the case in other counreductions in tho postal tariff with Lrics* Most of the women criminals a result which has been very gratify- are unmarried, and the majority ing/'	come from the laboring classes in the
cities.
sur-

OIL ON TROUBLED WAVES
A test of a cannon that throws a shell designed to scatter oil on boisterous waves was recently made. The shell is of wood and conical in shape
QUAINT MARRIAGE DOWRY
It contains two gallons of oil. At one end of the projectile is a vent. This is covered with paper, which is blown off as tho shell leaves the piece, allowing the oil to escape.
routine for many men is, breakfast | a letter in a warm room; a quick walk in a heavy overcoat; arrival in a and draughty office in a state perspiration; removal of tho coat; and a fit of the shivers.
To avoid these
4 4
COLD WATER HEAT
Heat from cold water seems fabulous, but it is an established fact. The water is decomposed by electricity into its constituent gases, hydrogen and oxygen. When the gases arc reunited, tho net of combination causes the evolution of intense heat
rider.
Some Volunteer officers in Wales rode their horses at full gallop at midnight over the rocky declivities of a neighboring mountain without mishap to men or mounts.
r
The well-known lime-light is
WOMEN CRIMINALS
BEAUTY AND BREATHING.
Correct breathing is tho first art to cultivate in the pursuit of beauty, just ns it is the first step toward improvement in health. As a woman breathes, so she is ; for the poise of tho chest is the keynote to tho whole figure. When the chest is in proper position, the fine points of artistic wearing apparel and all the little frills of fashion are seen to Last advantage. Even humble materials assume a certain elegance hitherto unknown. Rut if it is carried badly, the figure droops and falls into ugly angles. Nothing sets well ; no garment seems right. It is always wrong to make the bone structure do most of the work in keeping tho body upright. The muscles should hold it in position, otherwise grace is out of the question and
good health difficult. To breathe I The public schools in Switzerland correctly, keep the chest up, out for- are operated by the Government and ward, as If polled up by a button. Civil Service rules are strictly ap-Keep the chin, the lips, the chest on plied. The teachers, who ore mostly a line. Hold the shoulders on a line women, are very well paid and never with the hips. The observance of discharged, except for some serious these directions will insure to golf cause. When they get so old that skirts and rainy-day costumes a real they cannot teach any more they are dignity and picturesque effect, pensioned liberally Bruttho r.pward and outward* ns if Umt the country has an excellent about to Ojr, drawing in the air with corps of educators in the school*.
Alfred James Bishop .or
j
PRIZES FOR INVENTORS.
Tho Frcncli. Minister of Agriculture offers a series of prizes for mechanical inventions that shall utilize alcohol for fuel. Among the machines that inventors are asked to fiynish are stationary motors to bo employed on farms, motors for pumps, for automobiles, and so forth, and apparatus for incandescent lighting and for heating purposes, all of which are to use alcohol as fuel. In Germany already, it is said, alcohol is the great illuminant for parks and public places.
I.ast year was a very bad one for
Wheat was lj bush-
British farmers els an acre below the average, oats bushel below, and barley two Potatoes also were 17 per
WHERE WOMAN RULES.
In several villages of Finland the woman has authority, for a religious sect exists there whose disciples are forced to marry and to take a vow to submit to the wife in all things. The women choose one of their number for governing head, whose duty it is to see iliat the men behave themselves, and to punish them if they transgress. Similar are the “Furificants” of Liberia, who also recognize tho supremacy of women.
>
was a
hushels|H^Hm^H
cent, below the average
A TAXLESS TOWN
A CHANCE TQ RETALIATE
Orsa, Sweden, has in course of a
was for a couple who were both income cvcry thirty or fortv fears-younger and still more easily embar- n (*< aS0(lU0nC0 of fMe commercial rnssed than he.	i wcaIth there arc no taxes
When he had finished the service u ays' telephones, etc., are free, and murmured a few kindly meant 80 arc ^ool-houscs, teaching and but halting words to tho young many other things couple whom he lmd just united, the bride looked at him, blushing but confident.
“Thank you," she said.
to
Two boys were on their way school, and conversation passed between them respecting each other s ages. First Boy—"Then how old are you ?" Second	Boy—“Ten. And
how old nre you ?" First Boy— “I’m eleven.- I should have bowj twelve, only I was ill a year.
Rail-
A TEACHERS’ PARADISE
and
He—“I wonder what the meaning
and
FOR THE CORONATION.
In Lincolnshire, England, huge quantities of lilies of the valley are being planted in view of the demand for these blooms as the Coronation flower. One dealer has already received an order for 14,000,000 of Uuui.
of that picture is. The youth # . the maiden are in a tender attitude She—“Oh. don’t you see ? Ho has
r him ord she
Ah ! rSuw apI don’t ko lot-
CHANGE COLOR.
In the Gulf of Mexico there is an island where the beaches change color twice daily with the tides. When uncovered the sands arc purple, but the inflowing tide spcxlily transforms them to gold.
“It’s real kind of you to congratulate us, and as long as you haven't ever been married yet, maybe we’ll have a chance some day to retaliate.”
just asked her to marry is accepting him." t,kl propriété the title !” it.” “Why, that .card at thi ¦1 ’Sold. ’ «
4 4
The n suit is
tom
!


1___________
	

	

	
	
###PAGE###3###
FORTUNES GI7EN AW AT. 1 PLUCKY WIFE OF RANCHER
IRISH PRIEST’S PROTEST,
FOR UNRULY PRISONERS.
it
It's 'nrd, poor bloke!

muttered,
08 ho whipped up his horse.
"-îaÆKSfflfIK
and a man in black with a red nose consulted u register and found the name and told llilyard to come this way. And presently theyj standing by a grave, with n board at the head of it on which a number was painted, and the custodian was repeating the care taker-* story about
E SSSSffwS 3:œ; Hr
money, and at llilyard’» request ho similar institution, the
Hilyard had not the slightest doubt senses in that time, and wo 1.
he took two tiling» out of his pock- jail and the Contrai I risen.	| I
els--the untouched, unsmoked pipe. “When I first came to this instilu uny Government situation, with the Blip of paper round it, and tion, the idea of whipping a.,,rls"n®' olics were KUhjcxted to a Mauser revolver, loaded He was as repcllant to my wind «s it » undcr the lioer Government
to Bmobc that pip. n,„	% CTtwZw'ZM*
with criminals of the lowest, tin |jrs urc overthrown and crushed. It coarsest, and roughest typo, such as Wll8 impossible for WÊÊÊÊ we get iiere,” said one official. I (|lUrch to get on well in South Af-
form of punishment ricft un(ler‘ lho Boors. Our schools
was brutalizing to everyone concern- g0^ no giant under the lioer (lovern-ed, to those who inflicted the punish- mnn^ now under British rule 'I lie |
ment as well os to those who re- th(iy arc pajd t>y the State. Oath- Manchester	.	,	.	. t
ceived it. I soon, however. found oljc magistrates are appointed at- bless the name of hivid that I was mistaken. I as thorough r(,a<iy. it is disgusting to see Cath- founder of the colossa e ly believe now, as I refused to be oli0 pupcrH und Irish M.P.’f. sticking concerns in-the t/woCiti<* named. 1 oi lieve then, that the whipping method |jp for 1hc crue|f brutal Boers, who (ho benefit of the Liverpudlians an 1 is the least brutalizing, the most hu- subjected Catholics to every indigni- Mancunians	Mr	Lewis	leit anout
mane, and the only method of deal- ly hen, ^d deprived them of their $5,000,000,	which has	l»een, and
ing with the refractory prisoner of rights. The convents during the war being, expended on hospitals iccrea-the confirmed criminal class.”	the Boers plundered and destroyed, tion buildings, and other objects oi
MANY OTHER WAYS.	and mode stables of the churches a useful
-asm*
The whipping however, hero re-! times; uo advancement; eveiythmg
mm
words 'Now I lay me down to fractory criminals here is simply u the open plain. Then how stupid for sh*ei> ’ that old familiar prayer of spanking with a flat strap. The pun- Irishmen to be raving and sympa-rhildhood days. The nurse, rcaliz- ishment it inflicts, however, is suf- ; thizing with the Boers, who despise th it Mr Kipling didn’t require ficicnt to inspire even the most hard- ; the Irish, especially the Catholics, lur services said in an	apologetic ened old-timer with a wholesome 1 wish the war was over, I am sick
whisper: 1 beg your pardon. Mr. dread, and as a consequence the oc- 0f the sad sights I daily see.”
Kinline 1 thought you wanted casions are comparatively rare that something.’	the whipping has to he resorted to.
¦ T do,’ faintly observed Kipling. The more knowledge that such a pun-‘I want my heavenly Father. He ishment may be incurred as a result only Can care for me now.’ * of refractory conduct is suilincrit <-i
“It is this masculine, robust reli- itself to secure discipline to such a_
gious faith that we sec in Kipling's degree that it may almost be said An(j gtifl they come. Linguisto-writings,” added Bishop Brewster, there arc no refractory prisoners to logy. is tjie )ast croze in Paris. If
and it is a faith which the young be dealt with.
of Yale University may well That would not, however, be
strictly true for whippings occasionally occur, but never without tto permission of the Government specter of Prisons, and never than ten strokes at one punishment.
The man receiving the spanking is invariably able to* immediately roll is place at the work-bench or machine, as the case may be.
“Hosing” as a method of punishment, means the turning on of # hose at high pressure, which tosses the man about like a cork.” This
II 9
How the Boers Have Treated Roman Catholics.
HAS GONE TO RELOCATE SOME RICH CLAIMS.
*1
NOTABLE EXAMPLES OF PRINCELY GENEROSITY.

A Pipe ol Tobacco
A Dublin merchant sends out the following extract from a private letter received by him from a Homan Catholic priest at Uitenhage, South
Africa.
It will be a blessing when the war
The count i • 11 a howling
Made the Discovery Fifteen Years Ago.—Obliged to Return From Lack of Food.
Cassera Magnificent
Cell Not Permitted.— of Officials on the Subject.
method of dealing
Sir Ernest	- , ,
Present—Andrew Carnegie s
Generosity.
The Dark Opinions
were
from
Three hundred miles north Ashcroft, D C., to an unexplored, unsettled and mountainous section of the Chiicotin country, is the arduous
which the plucky wife
The recent splendid gift of $1,000.-
Eriufft Casse 1 to the
“What is your
•“Î ar&cr i. —»
1
wildcrno s and a ruin no crops, 1 vegetation, all a desolate wild waste. At present i am here for a few weeks but will soon be off somewhere else.
I cue1 photo of alter whsrs I held
Sometimes i have
000 I'.V sir King, and through Ills Majesty to
the nation, recalls to mind many other notable example» of princely generosity from which England has benefited in recent years, ways London Tit-Hits. Ah ifl well known. Sir
Christmas Hay duwnod on llilyard
The jail "Won a • lcng, low building of corrugated iron, enclosed within a niched stockade surrounded by a trench through which the town drain ran, this being In its savory turn bordered by barbed wire. Sentries patrolled hero, and the click of the Mauser breech proclaimed the vigilance of
the Transvanlers who mounted guard in the courtyard within the stock-
# •
journey upon <,f a prominent Hot Sound rancher has started in order to relocate a
quartz and
In a U«er prison
of valuable
placer claims which had been utuked Ernest's magnificent present is to l e uut eome lyears devoted to that humane and the campaign
number
a tent
mass under a tree or wagon out In
the open, and ol! at daybreak somewhere else
ago, but which nuiilu her husband, although furnished with
of the vicinity, failed to find
loot
There is no knowing
Unless
of me da a!
science against consumption which each and every one of us may well breathe "(lo<l Speed.”
It is only the other day, too. that Mr. Andrew Carnegie gave the cnor-
of $10,000.000 to help the cause of education in
it is coin-scot»-Am-
ii map
vhcn he made a similar trip fall. Tho woman undertaking adventurous trip to the frozen North while it is still in the grasp of winter is Mrs. J. Hockleton, whose husband is a well-known Howe
owning a farm
when the war may be over the Boer leaders are caught it will
•n
to
this
last it long time.
* 'The Boers are furious bigots, hating everything Catholic ir had a vote, nor was allowed to bo a town councillor, policeman, or hold
Cath-
No Cathol-
utio
“1 wonder if they knows at ’orne as wot we’ve bin copped?" said one man, a sharp, alert Londoner, with a twang of Kentish Town, between gulps of the dirty water with which he closed bin meal.
* “Suro tol
looneysaid another, "wot aro despatches for, an’ telegraph ortices. an* noosepnpers. if they don’t know?”
And then, like poor, forlorn things, they all fell—these prison men—to telling stories about homo.
Sound
mous sum
forward
Scotland.
near the
rancher,
mouth of the Squamish Hiver Tho story of make the discovery is an interesting
Mrs.
Altogether,
pu tod that the generous erican has given away for the benefit of the people of the United States and Great Britain as much as $75,-
If any inun. having freely
received, has obeyed the Divine command to “freely give" that man is
Andrew Carnegie.
inhabitants of Liverpool and
good reason to
penal laws Bish-
to
how she came
About fifteen years ugo
one
1 lecklcton accompanied her husband, who was one of the early pior.i ;, on through this section of tho Chilcotln country, which is situated near the headwaters of the Fraser River, After a tiresome journey across the extensive Chilcotin prairie they located a promising from which they panned out a quantity of coarse gold, with the crude appliances which they had with them. Running short of provisions,
forced to return to the
Why, you bloomin’
lie knew it was things had been too
tlion follow Alien wicked, but tough. He could not bear any more. So he lighted the pipe. Tho tobac-very dry and burned quickly;
there was nothing in the bowl but
Then he
knocked tho ashes out and put the pipe back in his pocket, and took up jggj(gggH But a voice he knew cried out his name, and, with a terrible shock of Joy, he saw the living, lovintr Alice standing n"ar him. dre» Fed ih mourning, and holding . a wreath of white flowers in her hand.
first
OUO.OOO
the Catholic
a prospecting trip
believed that
co was
ash in a few minutes
"Men" said llilyard, sitting up with a struggle and looking around nt the dtety, hopeless faces, and tho gaunt, starving figures of his fellow captives "We havu shared and •hared alike, bo far, save in one particular"—ho flushed ns he looked down at the filthy mattress that interposed between liis body and the filthier earthen floor—"but from tho worst days there has been something which I have keptt o myself." Ho fumbled with a shaking hand in the bosom of his dirty khaki tunic and brought out something long hidden between tho lining and the stuff. “You see, It’s a now pipe," he said, with a last weak effort; full of tobacco, as you seo. Take it and smoke it between you; but rend tho writing on tho slip of paper first—mind you give it buck to me afterward, though—and you’ll understand why I —“	Ho lay down and turned his
face to the wall in silence. Eager voices rose up about him; the pipe handed from one to another.
looking creek
the revolver
they were bounds of civilization again to procure fresh supplies
approach of winter prevented
and then tho
KIPLING'S PRAYER WHEN ILL
Repeated “Now I Lay Me
Near Death.
near their return
PUBLIC CHARACTER.
The laic Mr. Thomas Iloiloway, of pill and ointment fame, spent $•',750,000 in founding the Rayai Holloway College and hospitals, schools asylums, which are now doing
tho enlightenment of well as for the allcvia-
VERY RICH QUARTZ
whose
Before leaving the creek sands contained the precious metal, Mrs. Heckleton who has had considerable practical knowledge in ing, accidentally discovered an tensive vein of very rich quartz. The discovery was made by tho merest chance one day while searching for mountain berries, which grew
any
Bishop Brewster of the Episcopal diocese of Connecticut in his talk to Yale students on “Robust Religious Faith," recently, cited for them the of Rudyard Kipling when he was critically ill in New York. _ .
said:
era
and so much for
min-
cx-
humanity as tion of its sufferings In addition to benefactions in George Peabody gave away the en-
fortune of $2,500,000 to-
cusc
in our ada.
various splendid the United States.
lie
some
in profusion in the vicinity of t o erf ok
Mrs. Heckleton band’s attention to the find, ond although ho recognized it as very rich ore, he was of course unable to make an exact
faith in the placer claims anyway, he contented himself with staking several claims and securing a number of average samples from different parts of the ledge, which they brought out
with them.
Shortly after
ton's first husband died, and fsu I toget her stances prevented her from returning to that remote region where the yellow metal awaits the hardy prospco Tho quartz samples were, how-
I •
or mo us
wards solving the still pressing problem of the housing of the London poor. For his splendid generosity he accepted the freedom of the city, but declined the baronetcy that was offered to him.
The Baird gift of $2,.500,000 for church endowment purposes in Scotland places the Land of Lakes under a deep debt of gratitude to the princely donor, for the good which it has been the means of accomplishing can scarcely be over-estimated.
Nearly as much was given to Birmingham by the late Sir Josiah Ma-On the college which bears his
and
h un-
called her
But. the
was
smelt at, worshipped, dandled by each in turn.
“Blessed saints!" came from the Irishman, breaking tho silence me Mould ut in me hands!" H "Spell out tho writin' on the slip of paper round the bowl, Ginger," ordered Trooper Snitchey.
(linger <leciphered, lips and anxious eyes: "I—hope—you —will—enjoy—this—pipe—darling I— filled—it—myself—Alice."
* V 'la gall
'llui intelligence voiled from one to another, until, tho circuit of tho cell
complete, motionless figure of llilyard.
"Filled it herself wid her own blessed little linge the poor young crayturo!"
another with a glance, and, though there was not a mouth that did not water for tho luxury, llilyard was roused by his pipe being, not un-gently, thrust back into his band. Take ut back, sorr! What would pipe be among six starvin’ Am-nlekites? A dhrop in the ocean !"
“Wots one suck, or even two. to a starvin' bloke? Wot 1 wants is to find a 'bacca factory afire an put my mouth to the chimbley shaft!"
Take it back, sir!" they chorused.
Thunk you, mcn,(#TIN0 ¦ ¦ “If ever we get out of
assay, and having more
The
t *
let
t «
this Mrs. Ifcrkle-
HIHBlHHifai*
with other circum-
with moving
son
the orphanages he ex-
namo
pended some $2,150,000. so the capital of the Midlands may well hold
him in grateful memory.
To Lord Iveagh, Dublin owes a debt which it will never be able to repay. In addition to various other benefactions he made a present to the Irish capital of a sum of $1,250,000 for purpose of providing artisans dwellings, which arc under the control of
telegraphed Trooper
9 9
tor
ever, carefully preserved, but their real value was not known until re-
ctory eye turned on the
ccntly.
In the course of time Mrs. Hccklo-ton married again, and last
mer IHIHWÊKBIÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊ
another man, immediately left to try to locate the valuable claim». Through want of knowledge of district, and shortage of provisions— that over-present bugbear of pec tor»—he was forced without having found them, although he had been furnished with an curate map find by his wife.
FAREWELL TO HER HUSBAND.
Mrs. Ilccklcton now decided to go, so she bade farewell to her husband, who remains to look after the ranch during lier absence, and came down the steamer Defiance last Friday.
the Carter House, for a couple of day».
ing
sum-
Mr. Heckleton, accompanied by
Mary help her, crooned
* * *
the
TONGUES BETRAY THEM
They consulted one
the
i *
Character Reading by a New Method Now Popular in Paris.
THE GUINNESS TRUST.
Subsequently, Lord lveogh gave another $1,250,000 to the Jenner Institute of Preventative medicine, which was to be devoted to tho purposes of the highest research in bacteriology and other forms oi biology bearing upon the causes, nature, prevention and treatment of disease.
than a century and three-Thonias Guy devoted
pros-to return

ac-
11
one prefers to call it glossomuncy, well and good. Under either name it means tongue reading and it threatens to compete with palmistry.
That a.tongue may tell the charac-
is a safe proposi-A tongue may oven, to expert
of the own-
of the vicinity of tho

wan
mi-ii
curry with them in the performance of their daily work.
In-
more
ter of the owner tion
eyes, tell the condition er's liver and from such data many conclusions
More
MOTORS Fort CHILDREN
quarters ago nearly $1,250,000 of the large fortune lie made out of tho South Sea Company and by importing Bibles from Holland, to the founding of the London Hospital which bears his It is instructive to note that
I #
Motor-cars are now being made in York for the children of the The millionaire’s baby, who
said llilyard,
« #
on
brokenly ¦ ¦¦	¦ ¦	I
this infernal place I'll stand you a throe-pound tin apiece of the best tobacco that's to be had in remembrance of this day.”
By noon of the next day the dirty little Boer town was in the hands of the English, the commando garrisoning it hau tied, and the prisoners were free. Two months later Hil-yurd landed from a King's transport ship at Southampton Docks. A few hours more—and tie was in London.
The pipe was in his inner breast pockfet but a great anxiety was in his heart that beat against it. He had cabled and written to his promised wife to announce (he news of his delivery from cgptivity. of his speedy return on leave from “the front"—but he had received no an-Pcrhaps. she had written! If
must travel all the •
New
She stayed at
may be reached.* Given the state of a man's liver, history and prophecy both seem possible to even the average logician.
But linguistology lias to do only the shape and form of the tongue. A big tongue, it seems, infrankness; a short tongue,
long and broad
su me
rich	. ,
has passed beyond the perambulator
now enjoy its daily out-miniaturc electric victoria,
V ancou ver
while she purchased some necessary supplies, and left for Ashcroft, where she \\ill be joined by her son, who will be her sole companion on the lanely journey. They intend procuring packhorses and outfit at Ashcroft, and will be able to go about 200 miles on the first part of their journey by stage.
Although tho claims were first located some fifteen years ago, no as-
done, and cording to the present mining laws, it will be necessary to retake them. It is in compliance with this regu-
nnd
the
stage may
name
he amassed one of the largest fortunes ever made by a bookseller.
Between five and six years ago the splendid gift of $600.000 was made by Sir John Blundell Maple to the London University College Hospital, and a couple of years afterwards Sir Thomas Lipton made a present of $500,000 to the Alexandra Trust, which exists for the useful purpose of supplying workpeople with meals at cheap prices.
Tho hobby of Mr. Passmore Edwards is the providing of free libraries for the people; and it is estimated that in this w ay he ha» made the public a present of the substantial
fortune of $500,000.
In the Ross benefaction of $1,000,000 for hospital purposes Glasgow received a handsome gift.
in g* in a
which is supposed to be capable of management by children of four or five years old. The wheel of a “baby victoria," is but a foot in diam-
tlie seat is but a foot Its cost, however, is not at
with
form of punishment is not practised in either of the Toronto prisons. It i» regarded here as most degrading to manhood, and as treating a man as a veritable rat.
To deprive a man of his food and to place him in a dark cell is garded with horror by those who ad-
whipping method.
dicates
dissimulation; a tongue, garrulity and generosity; a narrow tongue, concentration and talent; a short, broad tongue, garrulity and untruth. The man with a very short and narrow tongue is a liar of true artistic merit.
The disclosures of linguistology be thrilling, but palmistry has advantage which guarantees its
the rival science.
eter, and square
all in proportion to its dimensions
re-
as-
sessment work was
It
recruiting formalities.
vocate the lowers the vitality of the man, renders
courages a spirit of brooding revenge in the criminal," is the way official summed up the dark cell
Major Arthur Griffiths says the method is exceedingly cumbrous, and
illustration of the red-
him unfit to work, and en-
and
may one
supremacy over The subject need not stop talking during a palmist’s reading.
lation that this plucky woman
undertaking this jour-
is a curious
routine that obtains wherever
Tho recruit’s
her son arc
ney into the frozen North. It is reported that a prominent citizen of Westminster is furnishing the neccs-funds for the trip.
tai>c
the War Office rules ^¦¦¦1 has to be entered some sixty-
one process
name ¦ mm u u mm m
two times, the signatures of superior
officers arc given twenty-nine times in each particular case, and a bulky parcel of documents has been got ready by the time each man is ripe to take the oath.
pwer
th3 letter
way I ack to England to reach Hil-yard with Us happy welcome, long after reunion with the writer. He could bear tho disappointment now, when a fast hansom was him to Gloucester Gate, when a few miles more, perhaps,
Alice to his arms again
WÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊKÊ
cabman, huskily through the root trap. “The number you gev' me, but there’s a board up, To Let.’
The blankness of disappointment visible in Hilyard’s face made him
sary
60,
PRICES IN LONDON AND PARIS
ARISTOCRATS AS MILKMEN.
The milk trade attracts aristocrats. Lord Rayleigh is a milkman and owns one of the finest businesses in the home counties, says the London Express. Every morning special trains loaded with cans of milk from his dairy leave the station at Hatfield Feverel for London. He owns a herd of over a thousand cows. The late Lord Vernon had a large dairy farm at Sudbury Hall, near Derby, and carried on an extensive business. The late Lord Hampden started and maintained a large establishment of this sort nt Glynde, which “Creameries," successful mer, J
to have joined the milk trade
London Paris Price. Price.
3.(Mi
... 1.60	2.60
.. 1.80	2.60
. 1.60	3.20
THOUSANDS THUS EMPLOYED.
Article of Food Leg of mutton, per kilo 2.00 Rump steak» per kilo Roast beef, per kilo..
Veal, per kilo........
Pork, per kilo........
Butter, per kilo.....
Coffee, per kilo......... 3.20	6.00
Cocoa, .per kilo......... 1.60	7.50
Good tea...... .......... 3.20	12.00
Sugar, per kilo.......... 0.40	1.15
Kerosene, per litre..... 0.20	0.45
Coal, per 100 kilos..... 3.90	5.60
The octroi duties of French cities make tho cost of living much greater in Paris.
A large part of the Spanish pro-Cadiz is low, marshy
carrying
vincc of
ground, unfit for cultivation. Nevertheless, it is turned to good account by being utilized for the production of salt by evaporation. This is ono of the most extensive industries and sources of revenue in the province. It gives employment to thousands of
workmen, and makes ( adiz city an
as more than
VALUABLE COLLECTIONS.
“Uncle Allen," asked the caller, “do you know anything that’s good
for a cold ?"	- .
Uncle
desk, took from one of the pigeon-
packet of newspaper
and
would give
ENCOURAGE PUNCTUALITY
2.60
1.60
With the view of encouraging their workmen to keep good time, Neilson, Reid, and Co., Hyde Park Locomotive Works, Glasgow, have intimated that every employe who loses
than eighteen hours’ time un-
No. 00?" said the
4.00
2.40
Allen Sparks opened his
not
holes a large
clippings tied with a string, threw it into the caller’s lap.
“Do I know of anything that
cold ?’’ he echoed, friend, I know of six hundred
important seaport, two thirds of the 400,000 tons nually produced is exported to reign lands.
more ¦	¦___1 ¦
til the end of June will receive a
bonus of a week's wages, périment is creating great interest among the workmen, and is already bearing fruit in the men turning out promptly in the mornings.
TRAIN STOPPED BY BAILIFFS.
an-
add
is
The ex-
fo-
fiir, I'd ring on’ Per'ops she
If I was you, question the care taker knows the family’s new address.
And llilyard rang the servants’ hell, and a dingy woman came to the
9 i
My
t #
good for a young
and twenty-seven infallible ways curing a cold. I’vo been collecting them for forty-nine years. You try
after the other, and if
the
was known ns and proved highly Not long ago a Mr. Dor-nephew of Lord Dormer is said
of
j
WHY HE WORE THE GOWN
more
THE JEW HOLDS THE RECORD
A clergyman was speaking to the boys in his school on the necessity growing up good and useful citi-In order to illustrate his re-
doo-
these, one they don’t do you any good, come
back find I’ll Rive you one hundred and sixteen more. Bless me," added Uncle Allen, with enthusiasm, “you always cure a cold if you go at
He**dug up a bundle of yellow, time stained clippings out of another pigeon-hole, and the visitor hastily coughed himself out.
m The family left three months ago’’ ihe said, and wiped her eyes, which ¦ quite dry, with her dingy np-• No, they didn't leave no ad-
One of
Tho Jew betrays an absolutely unprecedented tenacity of life. It. far exceeds, especially in tho United Kingdom, that of any other known people. This we may illustrate by the following example:	Suppose two
groups of 100 infants each, ono Jewish, one of average British parentage, to be born on the same day. In spite of the disparity of social conditions in favor of the latter, tho chances, determined by statistics, arc that one-half of the British children
will die within forty-seven years	COMPULSORY VOTING.
The other day, just as a train was about to leave Kutas in Hungary, for Palfalva, an official appeared and pv,t seals on the wheels of the engine, The passengers had to get off -|h The company was 296 arrears in payment of Next day the taxes were paid
• i
zens
marks, he pointed to the gown was wearing, and said :
“Boys, work well and be straightforward, and one day you may ono of these ! Why do I wear this gown, boys ?''
Ono little fellow held up his hand. “Well, my boy, why ?"
To hide tho holes in your trousers, sir !" replied the boy.
GRAINS OF GOLD
were
he
ron
nobivty's true
Sweet mercy is badge—Shakespeare.
In misfortune even to smile is to offend.—Bacon.
dress; they left ir a 'urry tho two ladies	an after the
funeral the other tt/ok ’er Mar away
being cut up that
Which of
can
and walk, crowns in taxes.
and the train proceeded
both
abroad,
dreadful about the death the two young ladies? The youngest It was, an’ a sweet, pretty dear! An’ all the furniture’s^ stored.^ an I'm quite certain as I never 'card where they'd gone, except Just generally tho mention of abroad: hut the cemetery where the young lady was burled was Iiighwood—and I m told * no expense was spared * # an such a beautiful sculptured monument, bespoke that ft wouldn’t be ready, the undertaker's man told.my niece for
An infallible characteristic of meanness is cruelty.—Johnson.
What makes life dreamy is the want of motive.—George Eliot.
The plea of ignorance will never
take away our responsibilities.—Ilus-
9 t
AIR IN BLOCKS
L. Metz, of Tulane University, has succeeded in making a block of solidified air, which was as substantial for the time being as a
block of ice inches in diameter, and lasted fifteen minutes in a fully exposed condition Ho laid it 09 an anvil, and as he struck it the hammer bounded off as though it had been a piece of mbit was so intensely cold that could think of touching it
Professor : A

SPADES FROM HORSESHOES.
Chinese spades from British horte-
shoes sounds like an
but tho fact is that shiploads
kin
Pride is as loud a beggar as want, and a great deal more saucy.—Franklin
Modesty seldom resides in a breast that is not enriched with nobler virtues.—Goldsmith.
To persevere in one’s duty and t>e silent is the best answer to calumny —George Washington.
It was about fifteen
absurd state-
elx months to conic Hilvard thrust a sovereign into the L™ J ¦hand and stumbled down the steps. ""Htghwood Cemetery." he ¦aid te the cAbman, and the cabman
her
Woman's
no one with his fingers.


¦
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
Tariff of Tolls
MASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
s«t
SUMMER
DRESS GOODS
To be collected during Season of 1902 by the Quiqze Rapids Improvement Company, Limited.
WARE-KOOMS
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE, MARCH 20, 1902.
TTT
ms
It id ;\a gcnnl as settled that Hon. J. T. 1 Harrow, minister without portfolio, in < lie Ontario government, will be appointed to tho court of appeal for Ontario to .succeed the lato Justice Lister.
WV
wV

are now being placed in stock, including

f
Cashmeres,
Silks and Satins,
Sateens, Priqts,
Saw logs 17 fvet and under In length per thousand fvet board mea
sure.....................
Bed and White Vine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under :&) fvet long, per thousand fvet board measure..............
Bed and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet long and upward» in length, per theu-nnd
feet board measure.......
TW and White Bine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney hoard, per thousand cubic feet
The tyelotte
Cream
Separator
3
The religious census i f Canada shows 2,1228,9117 Homan Catholic*, and 3,142,-non Catholics, not all of whom are Protestants, for 16,430 Jewa and 44,186 unspecified are included. Next to the Catholic*, the Methodists a e the most numerous, with Presbyterian*, Church of Knglaiid and Biptista fi Mowing in the order named.
f> vents


Duck Costumes,
Ginghams and Flannelettes.

?' cents
4
In addition to the regular lines we are showing
A Line of Ladies' Whitewear.
The consideration of the estimates
flic Public Works Dcpaitmcut was the only business of moment before Parti* ment last week.
Incidentally a number of interesting disclosures were mode. The Commons horned that the government is spending $33,000 to exploit- tho interests of Mr.
Ia»vc11 of Staustvad, and (hat the large •tume of money had been thrown away in Hnn. W. S. Fielding's riding.
Judge Crargs charges against Yukon « Wials were brought to the notice of the 1 N<,li(d government, nmlan enquirywas promised. I ship Intel) miî>*
In the railway committee. Hon. A. G. and E. A." Held, of the Blair, Minister of Railways and Canals, du Fort, 1’tvvkice of Q successfully opposed the calling of a Staiiou, Pi^viiu v of t >
wtoe^wh.eeer.Ui-nco would te of the »„ th" 'm! .day ' kIiIiL.,. - .
(ix itest \ alue m throwing light on the mutual consent ; and that tin said bus! ne*, vast expenditures on the Intercolonial j will in future he earth 1 on by the .<uu railway. The matter has oecn referred IG* E. Reid alone. Mr. K. A. Reid is nu to Parliament.	thorized to settle all debts due to mvl by
Monday March 17th, was amwinced ' company, as the date of the budget speech.
A bill to provide for a Federal medical <i>uncil was introduced by Dr. Roddick, the object being to have medical degrees recognized throughout the Dominion.
9 cents
We invite the ladies to inspect these Goods before ordering from Toronto or Ottawa. We have the right goods at the right pricees.
00 cents
NOTICE.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
The Melotte Separator has proved to be the
run, easiest cleaned and most easily managed Cream Separator on the market. Prices to suit all, from the smallest farmer to the largest skimming station.
I
EASIEST
"A
MACFARLANE BROS.

t V
(i
f v<
ù

11
HI *11
We give a trial of machine: to intending purchasers.
SMART & SMITH.
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL !
CLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS |JICH CLASS AND MEDIUM
(Signed)G. E. REID. - K. A. REID.
— «
Portage du Fort, Fcby lit, t90*J
flotice To Trespassers.
FURNITURE.
Notice is hereby given that any person found treapasing witbE ine fences of I Nu. 19, in the
The public accounts committee will I Kan»» of the Towndi ip of Chichester, P.Q
a p&.sjrsss& :t
the Y ukon telegraph system. As J. B.
Oharleson, who was in charge of the operations, but who could not be secured to give evidence during sessions, is at hand, some overdue and necessary explanations may be forth-coming. If it is demonstrated that the doubtful charges which appear in à long list made in connection with the work are public opinion will be set at test are some of tho items charged up to the treasurer :
SomeQuestionoblc- Expenditures'
“ U'u' Remember that we are adding to our reputation a> manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No. sir !
We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stock- of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
or persons old 1
• —
MRS BARBARA MiCOOI
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites 5c Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables, •
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Public. Meeting.

Public notice I» hereby glvvn. t bat the annual Spring meeting or the slmrvholdc i> and patrons of the Clarendon Chcc-c and legitimate I Putter Company, will be bold in Starke's n	School House, on Saturday, Mardi 22nd,
at 1 o'clock, p. m. to auction off the different milk routes, and for the trans action of other business. AlUhoreholderv
2 ca. Henneeys B. O. brandy $17 751 »“J patrons are requested to attend.
By Order» 'i AB i 1«. SAa AI k T,
Secretary.
JAMES WILSON.
Here
—o
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
THE FAVORITE
10 gals, of Rum at $3.25
3.000	Representative
1.000	Flora Espnna 1,000 El Bumloao
iK rstJT’f"* . n»l Public Notice.
70 pounds T. A B. tobacco 51 80	.
86 pounds Prince of Wslee	_	.	. A .
tobacco -	,	A» Plrovusc» of Quebec
MMO Manual Garcia cigars 75 00 MpSbtioAN,>Uca U^reby given by W. W. llie above items of expenau Ulren from Ireland, the Undersigned Sec.-Treasurer ,
’lie Auditor General’s report seems to j of the aforesaid Mnncipnlity, that the hat |	^
h*ve all I#ecn rendered neoewry in tho ^ persona who appear by the valuation
¦ or flucli work l nder tii# present go-, Proyimte aforesaid, lias b**eu prepared vemment’a administrât ion, articles nut #u\x>rd ing to law ; that a duplicate thereof considered essentiel by private telegraph 1 bjta been lodged in the ofllce of the under companies in line conduction, .re &-1	"*
Given thia fourteenth .day of March, one thousand n'ne hundred and two.
* W. W. IRELAND,
Sec. Treasurer.
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
- 52.50
cigar* 180.00
Starke'* Comers March 0, 1902.
45 00 37.00
% 4
& 4
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
T
HE SHAWVILLE
| fRESH ARRIVALS
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND

<
AT
SASH and DOOR |
FACTORY
WAIHMAIT’S.
IN
s
»p^i
t
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have> variety in stock.
( Formerly McCredie A tydgiec)
dcapcnaiple for running federal wires. And the wiMumer jwys the piper.
AT THE
Is again built up
flash Store,
Law in the Arctic
and
Canadian Teachers for Boers
Tt> WERT THF. MAJESTY OF CAXUHAJI LAW AT TME MOCTH CF MACKBSKIK RXVf*
ready for business.
STARK’S
CORNERS.
Attention of the Canadian g	nacauon.
lias frequently been called tofeh
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH IP • TO . DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, T H K PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING : :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
A full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
G. E. WAINMÂÎC SHAWVILLE.
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WU1 CONVINCE.
Passage will be paid Twenty will be secured in
P. S.-Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings* Turnings, Etc., will bs kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
overnment e necessity
¦ far putting • atop to thia elicit traffic and its baneful cfiec'a upon the natives, but practically nothing has been done in that xli rection.
The «abject ii again brought forcibly to the notice of the government in the report of the mounted police Wilfred Laurier laid on the table of the huuas yesterday. Commissioner Pirry as y a .
“ Since my last report farther information has been received as to the operations of the whaling fleet which last year wintered some 300 miles east of the mouth cf the Mckerzie river.
over the Indiana, debauch-ian women, illegal trading and lawlessness among themselves demand the assertion of our laws. A small, powerful steamer is needed, which can navigate the Mackenzie and, if necessary, go into the open sea. The coat of carrying law and order into the mrct'c regions may cause hesitation, but where cur territory is being violated and our people oppressed, evat should be the last -consideration.
s. Dunsmuir, wife of Premier Dtin&rauir, of British Columbia, has received a letter from a.i anonymous
A * r ,	,	.	.	.	, writer, warning her that if she did not
<gont J A. 2onway, who is purchasiDg | keep her husband at hone he would hones for the use of the British cav-1
airy against the Boers in South Africa, purchased a large number cf animale in this vicinity. The horses will be shipped to Utah, where they will be inspected by the British officers. Liter they will be sent to New Orleans, whence the stock will be shipped to South Africa.—
THE MARKETS.
Cayuae Suita British.
Sheridan, Mont., March 13.—British
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 08 to 73c. Floor per barrel, $3.40 to $3.81). Oat* per bushel, 40 to 00c.
SILAS YOUNG.
ROBERT C. HODCIMS.
be shot. The Freiner handed the letter to the pchce, but took no other
notice.
which Sir
Pease per bushel, 70*to Tor. Buckwheat, 43c. per bush. Rye, per bush. 4.1 cento.
Slaves Liberated
Here it is I SHAWNv‘wES
The Place and °°s°Hr
Lisbon, March 11.—Portuguese Govern
T-..	.........I sysr rrv.r^.r.™1 **=*• -—- b—
with the hardy mountain cayus» from , petnba Bay, Portuguese Ea*t Africa,,
Montana. Over the ruugheet ground , ancj gfter s prolonged and desperate Ducks, per lb. C to 7 cento.
,;0 anin’a ® aPf-l'ir	mdefa’igable, t 6ght, drove out ilia traders and liberated
hour after hour keeping up the swinging yQQ
gait peculiar to the range horse.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c.
“ Tyranny mg the Indi
Chickens, per lb. 5 to 6 cento.
FACTORY.
s’svea.
Turkeys, per lb 8 to & cento. Pork per 100 lbs.. $7.00 to $00.0. Beef, per 100 lb*., $3.73 to $4.00. Wool, per pountt, 14 to 16c.
Pel fee, each, 40 to 30c.
Where you can get anything and every-
yOU require in. ,n connection Wit* mj Conner bus!
Till, Àg<lt6 and Bn* new I hare just placed in position a
___ «1 * txt 	set of first -ctaee machines for the raan-
amellad Ware. I afacture of mi kinds of
Butcher's Luck.
Presbyterian Board.
Ivoaelsnd, B. C , March 14.—Julius Wsgner, butcher of this city hss received word thst he has fallen heir to a great fortune. With his taotier, a ster\ Hides, $4.75 to$5.00. and a brother, he will divide $2,700,0)0 in cash and $1.000.000 in the shares of the Bullmau Waguur Pa ace Car Co.
?
Toronto, March 12.—Tha Home Mission Board of the Presbyterian church decided today to recommend to the General Assembly that two superintend enta of the mission woik be appointed for Western Canada, the field formerly under the suosrvision of late Dr. Robert-t03. Cue will be assigned to the Synod of British Columbia, and the other to
the Territories and Mai.ilob». It i. also London, March 13.-A despatch to recommended that tie da iupertendenti lhe Time, from Hehiogfor. «ay, the be appointed whose work shall meudethu	i ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦
whole western sectiin. A James Rob-bertson Fund will be raised to be used as the assemh'y may decide. The changea proposed are necessary in view of the enormous rush of population into the West.
« -
CalLkius, 33 to 40 cento each.
V
OTTAWA.
Sash,
Eavet rough i ng,
Ftoofiqg and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
The Preferential Trade.
Since 1808 imp>rts to Canada from the Veiled Sites have grown from $28,572, 4)00 to $119,398,000, showing an increase $90,734,000 or 318 fnr rent. Krone threat Britain, Cinada in 1800, goods to the value of $40,802,300; and in 1901 the purchases from the Motherland amounted to $43,164,000 an increase of tsely $3,102,000 on 7 7 10 per cent. In 1896, the last of the Coservative regime, ihe United States sold to Canada goods worth $53,529,390, while Groat Bii’ain disposed of merchandise in this country valued at $32.824,505. And in the face <£ such uoomvrovertible evidence, we sre told (bat Great Britain has benefited far more thin any other country from the
prt'f'. ;e*t!*i t ;.i: If
Butter, print, 23c. per lb.
ptiite. 18 to *)c. per lb. Eggs. fnx*h. 13c. per do*.
Poor Finland's Struggle
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
44
Finnish clergy in many parish* refute] Potatoes, 80c. per bog. to read in the pulpit the Russian military service edict. In the Capital the task was committed to a feeble minded clergyman, who was twice presented by vigorous protests from the people from reading the edict. Many communes have been fined for refusing ti elect members of conscription boards, which have to carry out the edict.
The entire medical board cf Finland resigned rather than appoint < tticere in connection with the levy. Srveral press censors have been prosecuted hr très-1 The census returns of Newfoundland passing in private houses in search of I show a t<vat population of 220,249, of unauthorized prints.	whom*3,634 are in Labrador.
Lamb. 0 to 9c. per lb. Mutton, 6 to8c. per lb. Beef, 61 to 7c. per lb.
Pork, $7.25 to $8.00 per 100. Chickens, CO to 75c. a pair. Oats, 48 to 50c. per bushel. Hay, $6.00 to $9.30 per ton. Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
For which I am now prt pared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
Thanking my many customers for tbeir liberal patronage in the past, l shall look forward to a future in
crease in buainetn*.
DALE BROS.,
Another step has been taken by Mackenzie and Mann in their transcontinental system by the securing of an op lion on the Eequimslfc and Nanaimo Railway, at seventy-four mile line run-1 ning between Victoria and Nanaimo on Vancouver Island, formerly owned by the Duiismuirs.
ShawviUe.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
###PAGE###5###
		
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
Me 816.
* *«*W* ’•wml denoted to Loeel leterait,.
I‘ V BLÎSHIII EVERY TlâVtttDAY
AT SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC. QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION -*$1.00 A UAP IN 40M/VC£,
No paper stopped until all arrearages sre paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
ktar,
Glimpses
County Pontiac 's Largest Ware-Rooms.
M
Meets the 4th Wedaes-day of every mouth.
Court dues roust be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor» 41 all y Invited,
A. SMILEY, Prop.
L.BC.T
of Spring
J. A. Cowan, R&
H » BAB»ETT,r.8
iO!
John Bscrktt, C. R.,
ADVERTISING RATES t
Legal advertising, eighteen la per line for
n«K:0ti^x;oeot< ^uae tor
i°*h -
Local announcements Inserted st the rate
of h cent* per line for first Insertion and b ovule lor Mubee^uentlniertlous
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry th seule per line.
Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind the general public that
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
WE HAVE THE HOST UP-TO-DATE FARM N|ACHIN-----------ERV ON THE MARKET--------------
Early Arrivals of Spring Goods at
Tlte Up-to-Date Store !
The spot, for—
as a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.

AFahtjionaw.k H a ru Cut, Good Shaiii'uo, ou
A Cf. KAN SH AV K.
YourTurti next.
CEO. HYNES,

JOB PlUSTiMO.
Note.—Pole can be arranged for two, three or four horses, instantly without removing pole. Made in nine different
sizes from 10 to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side hills and turning at end of furrow.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly ini cheaply executed. Order» by mall promptly attended to.
Our First Shipments consist of.........
New Dimity Muslins : Fancy Spots, Plain, Fancy Stripes (silk effects); Organdies and
Plain Lawns.	;
New Mercerized Sateens, Fancy Japanese Silks, and Beautiful Delaines in stripes and checks, for Spring Blouses ; new Laces and Embroideries.
New Lace Curtains and Netting.
Zephyrs, Prints and Ginghams are here in abundance.
See our Fine Mercerized Sateen Underskirts with deep accordeon-plaited frill.—Splendid value at $1.50 and $1.90.
JOHN A. COWAN,
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
! SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Publisher.
Business Cards.

MEDICAL.
1
F.M.A. McNaughtoq, M.D..C.M
A Urge, wcll-.Sf lock'd and varied stock of
Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit nil classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Graduate or McGill Vtnvznsnr,*
Ofli. e Residence of the Ute Dr. II. It
Kuux, tihaw ville.
Utttce hours - Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
V >
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive persona: attendance. Open day and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
•)
F. T. M. C.
Or ad ute of Trtüity Uni vanity, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University,. Toronto. Fellow by c lamination of Trinity M*l. College, Toronto.
Or . s AKr RrsujEmob : J. If Armbtromu'h Huvss, MAIN' STREET - * 8HAWVILLI
District and Country.



It w nor said that the Ontario provincial electicm will be held on June 3rd.
Over three hundred settlers arrived in Wincijeg I**t week to take upland.
Itev. Father Ryan, Dean of St Michael’s Cathedral, Toronto, died on Sat-uidey.
About 3,000 men employed on the Newfoundland telling fleet are on strike at St Johii'i».
SiQiuel Miller, a retired f#roer from Msrkdale, committed suicide by jumping into Toronto Bay.
Sir W Iffod Lauriir has given notice of resolutions to provide pensions for the Northwest Mounted Police.	I
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
!
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday. Thursday and Friday of every week. Office at It. McC. Ritchie's residence.
There is no other Store within your reach where you can choose from so many Patters, Colorings and Fabrics as here.
»
Headquarters for
BOÜ8BE10 MOTILLE, 1. L. t
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
’I
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
t
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods,
#
Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
WM. GAMBLE,
G.F.HODGINS.
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 96, Trust Building, No. 4d Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawville. second and fourth Thursday I *** k 1 ed by the fa.I of a brick wall that
of each month.	! “• *** t**nng down.
rwoce-over O. F. Hodgioa' Store, Main St.
Mr. Samuel Ctchrane, of Ltndoo, Ont,
William DivU, of Hamilton, accidentally shot bimielf dead while on a visit to friends In St Catharime.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
the line wonW be extended to that print.
* G A |t. OZ kU *
Head cfllc'aU of the O. A. R. stated today that them vu nothing new in re The Upper (> tawj Improvement Co., is	ipt ot to the «ai » ef the mad to the Webb
now engaged in the erecting of way# at	syndicate. It is eWed, however, by
Quyoo for the con it ruction of a steel tow	those in a pn»i Ion toka w that the trace
Anew	disease	of	toe	hone	hae ap-	boat to take the p'ace of tbe G. B. Paitee	of toode juat decided upon by the di-
pe*r«d in	the Darling	district.	Australia,	which had been temporarily repaired for	rectorats is really one of the final moves
The honee become blind and their re- the coming season.	in the sale of the road. This action
was really a necessity before the road could be taken over and the bonda which are to be issued will, it is said, be taken over by the Webb syndicate.. This move tend.* to confirm the statement of Messrr, Webb and Meyer that aM that remains to be attended to was the formal ad j ustment of certain details respecting the finances of the deal.—Ottawa Cifc‘.aen.
Albina Bertrand who was accidentally shot by her brother near Thirty-Owe Mile Lake, baa died in an Ottawa hospital of blood poisoning. "
The sawmill and sfave factory of Mr J. Murphy, of Hepwcrlh, were destroyed by tire. Loss $8,000.
Canad Va lo*al m nenl production for ItJOi was $43. +#? 0%1, aviK rduig to iLe Girt logical Survey f .-port.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC ,
OP THfci PROVINt 8 OS QÜKBBC,
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
Trust Building—
riparki	Ottawa.
Phone Mo. USH.	,
Attende courts of Ottawa and Pontiac DtWtaU*
J. F. aSONAU • •	• • LADYSMITH,
OSEFH LODGERS’
J
ARTHUR MeCOHEELL, B. C. L
•It
f
corery is rury run
Mr. H. W. Shannon, one of Ottawa's Some si Ilf peo[ le at Sti tsrille played 1 best known barristers, and formerly • QUK-1 a stupid prank on the Holiness people éditer of the Ottawa Citizen, will leave there by removing the organ and dumping j in a few days for Dawsco City where he
it beside the C. r. K. track.
MAIN STRKKT.
HULLS**
At Shawville Thursday caeli month. At request atteint» Courte in District of Pontiac. Prompt collections and immediate reniitlanoes. Special attention to correspondents.
CHAMBERS }
seütiaifi
L-i. I. .1 .111111 j] 4 i j 1 . 11 |	vi
Genuine Pocket Knives
LAW

i
will ender upon the pracuoe of law.
1Ï&&4 -
r. . J f\m\
Canon Wood hsa resigned from the
Karly on Sunday morning fire did dam chapter of Christ Churoh Cathedral, i mage to the extent of between $28,000 Montreal, as a protest against what he and $30,000 on the premises of the Coregards sa î/he il égal election of Bishop j lumbia Handle and Lumber Company,
Carmichae’.	I London, and between CO and 70 hands
are thrown out of work. The principal
proprietor, ,,e " Mayor RumWI, Jjba Meisr,. Wm. J. Poepore. uU.P,
^'evty and d. Brandon.	F. D Mot.tr, Joseph G. Pcupcre, | Write fop Catalogue of other el*
• According to the laioit census bulletin, Louis Poupore of Montreal ; James C. there are CCI divorced perrons in the Malone, of Three Rivera, and Kiward Dominion. Of these 229 reside iu Onta- O'Brien of Montreal, seek incorporation rio, 58 in Quebec, 91 in Nova Scotia, 89 by letters patent aa the W. J. Peu pore in British Columbia, 80 in New Brans- Company, to carry on business as cr>n wick, 35 in Manitoba, 19 in the North tractors and to deal in real estate, saw west Territories, 14 in Prince Edward mills, tramways, timbtr limits, steam Island, and 16 in the unorganised ter- boats, with headquarters at Montreal.
Cast Steel to the backcone, 34 inch handle. Price 25 cents ; postage 5 cents.
W. W. IRELAND,
The W. J. Poupore Company.
Maclean's drug store at Calgary mas Clerk oft lie District Magistrates’ Court. I destroyed by fire, which originated in an
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, explosion of chemicals. Mr. W. Mac-Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satis- hean was severely burned in trying to lactoriJy,	I M?e some goods.
The Like Carriers' Awecintion cf the United States ia protesting against the projected naw power canal at Ssu.'t Ste. Marie, on the ground that it will lower the like level.
McDOUGALL & CUZNER,
Hardware Merchants, • - - Sussex St. Ottawa.
QUE.
SHAWVILLE - -
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
Cl>., OF ONTARIO.
MONBT TO LOAM ON RAAT TKttM.4.
BRYSON,
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
1 I
ing Trades Unions and to the unions connected with the foreign steamship traffic.
Important te Farmers.
Count Von Buelew, the German Chan-1 ntoriee. cel lor, eays Germany has only economic and not tentorial interests in China and Corea, and would not interfere in the quarrels of others.
, y 'p o	i Lichute, March 12.—A judgment of
Enquiries in official circles have re- Laeque an ^ 3 LaLQ rasa. considerable importance was rendered	,
veal ed the fact that the War office com-	—	in the Superior O ;urt yesterday in the The & .up oror and Loa press > Lormany
mission of 3 per cent, is not a new thing Halifax, March 12—Information re- case of Smith vs. The Great Northern celebrated the -let anniversary of their between Britain and the colonies, and ceived from Moncton states that it id the I Railway.	-redding.
The Frontenac Milling Company, of that when the Canadian Militia Depart- intention of ihe Intercolonial Railway The action was brought by Smith Severe fighting between Albanians and Kingston, has received	an order for 160	ment has purchased ordnance, email arme	authorities to	present a	cheque for a	against the company for $110, the value	Tuike are reported	on the Montenegria
LICENSED AUCTIONEER tor the County	tons of flour for the	British Army in	0r ammunition, she hae had to pay 3 per	%,wd round sum, and a life	pass over the	of a horse killed on the railway track	frontier.
l^>nUaq	Salesoondactedlnabaslneas-Itke	8>uth Africa. Thoy	refused a 300 ton	oent. commiaaion and an additional 9*	j ^ad to Gerald	Osborne, the brave lad ! last fall. The plaintiff claimed the gatee Permit for the return of refugee»	t»
of*aur	?d takea*an4*dïêpowd oiYy*pubile	order, being unable to fill it.	per cent, for official inspection.	who saved the	regular 8t	John express	on the track were not cloeed according	the Rand are being	issued at the rate	of
residence Saturday night, aged 97. {it for publication. The man who	ÆÀ1 anes.MWgW————_____
too big a eoward to thus express an TheC.A.R station at Douglas, Ont., opinion ia the very one who will stand was destroyed by fire on Monday even- * corner and talk loudly about the
ing. The agent, Mr Boyd, sustained a cowardice of an editor.—Caropbeilford I A singular accident heavy left, all hi# household effects, | Herald.	I
which included a new piano, being burned. The goods in the freight shed were saved. The fire started from the floe.
QUE.
J. J. TURNER,
HOTELS.
The Kellogg Sanitarium at Battle Creek, Mich., vae burned. Four hundred patienta were safely removed.
Burned Their Finery.
The Boston Strike.
St. Lawrence Hall,
The number of killed in the Sbamaki earthquake ia now estimated at 5,000.— A freeh volcanic eruption occurred ou
Wednesday.
ding party from Belleville the other day A party of ladies and gentlemen wishing to attend a wedding serosa the bay, hired
a large'hue that had a stove in it. All	B aton, Mirch 12.—From a body of Thomaa	P.	Geudie	and “Dick" Bruge
Mrs Rowley the runaway wife of a	CPU said to bj after oatuiiau road,	went well until they were near theoppo-:	600 freight har.d'eia of the New York,	were each	sentenced	to ten years'im-
citiz i of Bani'la* Michigan was dis-	—	she shore, when one aide of the bus ; New Haven and Hartford liaiway, who priaoemeut for robbing the Livirpoei
covered in London, Ont— on Friday	It is understood thst negotiations are	went through the ice. The stove warn |	on Saturday refuaed to work because	bank.
night laat with Wentworth Kennedy, the	in progress for the acquisition by the Cs-	upset, and the straw in the bottom at |	they were required to take care of goods Mr, Daniel	Schulyer Young, who died
wi.h whom the woman had decamp-	nadian Pacifie railway ef the Ottawa	ouce took fire. The occupants, some 10 j brought to the depot in noo-uaion	|aft week in Cincinnati, left explicit in.
ed taking with her a two mouths eld	Northern and Western road betwteu	in number, had ju*t time to.escape, k, me	teams, the strike force m tha city had	,auctions that hie remains should be
b*by.	Ottawa and Orscefiold. A gentlemen,	tf them having their cl-ithee burned.—	grown to an army of 20.000 menlby Uns	cremated and tha ashes distributed one-
¦ 7	who is in the confidence of the bead	The 'bus was burned up together with	morning, sod from 3000 to >000 other	fourlh on hii wjfd-s griVe, one-fourth
officials uf the latter road, stated todsy	several valises containing the> dresses the	persona are idle been me the ccnaerns for	over lhe tb to his old school house,
west of Chatham, Got., early on datura ay	that while the deal would be denied, it	ladies intended wes ring at the wedding,	whom they work have been compelled	one„fOBrl£ it bieeld home and one-fowth
morning discovered a man lathe hen	was really in prareas, and the prospect*	They had to walk a considerable distance	to shut down. The refusal to work of	t0 bti shot out of a gun at the old home-
home, end iu the struggle which ensued	ofthaC p R, getliQg the line were	before they could secure -help. The	the team duvere who were the first to	iread in rioride, x.Y.
Richards discharged a shotgun, which, d ^ la stated that one toixon why horsea iscaped unhurt. The ’bus was join interests with the freight handleis,	t ,
bursting, serously injured the fanner,	the big road desires to absorb the smaller	valued at over $200 and about $100	hia forced those industries dep ndent on	Albert Grachak wai shot and instantly
while the thief escaped.	me is to secure an entrance to » he pro-	worth of clothing was burned together	daily supplies of material to suspend	kilbd on Saturday n<ght at Pm nee Albert
with severs 1 va’uib’e robes.	until theetrike ia over The various linen NT. W. T. He was playing csMa with
of industry direct y reached by Mrs. Wa s h ik in his house at the time, ihe strike this morning included This woman had left her husband and frriqht handlers, team drivera, wo »d was living with Grachsk Her husband handlers, 'longshoremen and railway has bt-en arrested on suspicion of com „™B.y ! Jake Geudaur, the oaremn, had a bad switchmen. If tbo threats of the strik- muting the murder. All the parties i-tretoh-1 fall while eurling Friday, breaking hia leaders are well found*d the day w 1 tre P«»ei win# m -ved in from • he S ates 1 shoulder bone and cutting hia head badly, seethe movement extended to the Hu Id- last fall.
ned a wad-
TH8 iTMKiai NT7MS8B3 SWELL ID TO
20,000.
Mr# C **• McLeartt
Story That has Color.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Lcvaar Attacewo.
f
6, IDmllai,
man
PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER and
JEWELLER
James Richards, a farmer, s i ini'es

r
CLOCKS.	At Reynolds* foundry at Kingston a posed central station. owr * he Inteipro-
jgwiLLlRT, cannon ball thrown into the cupola viocial bridge, thui obviating, >f o .i « o - 8ILV1RWAB1 wjth other scraps exploded during the ered advisable, the nvcersryol «hi C Kit Ac. A\	melting process, doing much damage building’iu proposed line act»»* tlie tifcy.
to the cup da and building, but do one Moreover, ihe Gatineau r u » waa hurt. The foondryraen and others ed a favorite one for renrittlM thought ihe ball was a solid piece of iron to which many corp	II
BHD^^ma^aEDR$#M#^^^MMM|MM l*®S ‘ uf, sad if scqui-ei by theO P. R.
ra.1
'M
The murder of British prisoner» by the Boers is becoming more frequent.
Vi

s ^ o* r-

Rsrtrai
g J

iSraoiiuni
Mi;r> ht-

SHAW VILLE, fl.l""'/.
o

###PAGE###6###
THF OBJECT OK THIS ADVERTISEMENT 18 TO INDUCE YOU TO TRY
A STRANGE FUNERAL
Sunlight Soap
NERVOUS TROUBLES
An unusual sight was witnessed at a funeral at Horscll, near Woking, England, tho body being drawn to the churchyard 111 B four wheeled farm wagon painted red and Mue, and attached to which were a couple
funeral was ho I i-
i
/ SOURCE OF
MAKES LiTl
CONSTANT MISERY
One washing with Sunlight Soap will produce REDUCES purer linen than two washings with impure soap. EXPENSE
The Sufferer is Constantly Tired and Depressed, Will Startle at the Slightest Noise, and is Easily Irritf. ted.
Vhc
of farm horses that of Mr
cltor, of Chertsvy, ami it "as
last request that hr should ho eon-
voyed in this manner to the grave.
The journey from Chert so.! t o 1 lorsell
occupied two and a hall hours, and
farm laborers walked beside the
\ in nd'li
bore the colVin
Richard llret tel I
&ÎL A fill will bo paid by LEVER BROTHERS LIMITED, Toronto,
t() ftny pcreon who can provo that this soap contains liOWSfy any form of cdulteraticn, or any injurious chemicals.
TAliON rx*
his


Then* is no toi ture more acute and
A iivv-
i
ASK FOR 1
hits than nervousness rson is in a state of constant
ud sleeplessness by
Intel
f
vous 1 lit it at ion h\ da\
six
FATED BRAND VIZIERS
the whole distance
(Jet a package; it really merits a trial
Loud packets. All grocers
FROM ROME SCOTLAND
wagon
t ion to which tho>
the vehicle into the church
The sulïercr starts at every ; is oppressed by a feeling that
thing awful Is ^onlg to happen;	| I |
depressed, and, although in tfOTI BY MAIL FROM HER
BANKS AND BXAES.
night
noise
of
Of the latest 2u(> grand viziers the Sultan of Turkey not more than
says a French statist!-
IP YOU WANT COOD PRICES TOR YOUR
from
Butter, Eggs, Poultry, Apples Produce

wonty-fom
hux o died naturally. One h unir ed of them, he asserts, xw.. poi
thirty-six of the others it her beheaded. or drowned in Bosphorus. Of the remaining
find
kx
S
is un
i.u
stantix exhausted stale
h
CONSIGN THKM TO THIC	r
DAWSON COMMISSION CO., Limited, TORONTO
> *' •
he to sit or lie still.
If xou are nervous or worried
nbi nation of langour
you need a

ll
iit'd, and
Many Things Happen to Interest the Minds of Auld Scotia's Sons
Three persons were injui accident at I'ollokshieh:# recent lx
or
;f:
were t
sii: , i* from a c
Oorronpondtmce Solicited

the
l, : IX he has not been able to mix trace, but from the silence of ish historians on the subject one hides that their end was not One of the x i/iers was only
and const ant ii ntatinu ner\e food ami* nerve tonic, and Ur. s’ Vink Villa are absolutely
W P. c. 111»
Ho (tremblingly)—“1 haxe one last wish tô ask before wo pirt In anger
She (sobbingly)—"W h-
Wil
<1 in a cai
I’m
the best thing in the world for you.
I' "HsH
....
Beonre I'ilhie. i a ^ a ranee manager,
Edinburgh, has been arrested	_ T%TrvTtTT7
connection with the alleged foigery uaNY PEOPLE STILE IN-„f tin. Luthrisk will.	ING ABOUT JOSEPH BROWN h
A meeting was held last week in	CASE..
ectlon |	-i—
Dodd’s Kidney Pills Are Acknowledged to be a Wonder Working ° ______—Many Other Mirncul-
Curcs Brought to Light.
Ceylon Tea Is the finest Tea the world produces, and Is sold only In lead packets.
Black, Mixed and Green.
te» drinker! try "Saiadl” Green ft».
for evei
what is it, fîeo-Gcorgc ?” Ho will you mo-meet me next Th-TImrs
I wi x\ill
of
TM* MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
Wi
huppx
four hours in of Vice, and another occupied the position for only
being strangled at the <-i
f
I
O
day, as usual ?” SI George/*
ten
o
munit» s of thut time
Tn washing woollens and flannels, the soft soap made from Lever's Dry Soap (a powder), will he found \ery satisfactory.
If the Nicaragua Canal is finished Melbourne will be 1,1150 miles nearer to New York than to Liverpool by all-sea route.
ii ii-
Preeervoe the teeth. Sweetens the breath Strengthen» the gums
The nxerago age of English peuple \y i»0, of Irish 127L and of French
i
apjm
112 i
AliïOSPMY"
M
SALESMEN
WANTED
Fays
FOR
RUSSIA'S ARMIES
THEY CAH80T
express Pink Rills
BtosesKiBK s?> "T
Russia has three different armies. In Europe her men are five years in the active army
serve, and five year’s in (lie set In Asia they are tlire
UNDERSTAND
grippi
the loi in of nervous exhaustion
would startle me and 1 would tremble for some time I used several medicines, hut they did not help me, and as time went on I was
1 was so nervous

thirteen in the rend ro*
i
Brass Band
Mnp« «I#» «'«mall end w«rk» off llir « Id.
Jjoaa'lvo Itromo-guinlno Tablet* cun' a cold tn one tiny. No < ure, No Fay. Price 25 cent a
Briggs (indignantly)—”1 understand you said 1 never opened my mouth without putting my foot in it.” Riggs (apologetically)—"Yes, I believe I did sav Briggs— But what,
“But 1 acknowledge my When 1 made that remark 1 had overlooked the size of your feet."
ist lim
m
yen rs
servo
in active service and six in the rein Caucasia they nrc only three in the active army and fifteen
serve
rum enta, Drums, Uniform*. Etc.
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
thing in Mimic or Metical laelreeieaV.
WHALEY MCE & CO., Limited,
tns
worst
growing
that I was afraid to remain alone in
1 slept badly at night and tlv awake with a start
Maxwell tow n town hall in com
lor raising
in the reserve
i
with the movement local > > mi Veter
a room would freqm that
l'he trouble told
t that mv friends feared for my
t
r\ regain M KB lop,
Rumbarton. was having Bold a
girl under fourteen years of age
Rumfiios Cas Uominissioners have One elTect been recommended by the gas works
, .pend £15,000 on the w orks
a publican in lu ax il.v lined for
There are about seven million cats in the United Kingdom.
Medicine ous
would compel m
to scream, oil me to such an
that ; but----
sir ?" Uiggs— mistake.
pint of porter to a
+
1M—(Special)—
Oshawa, Out., Ueh
of the publication far and
the press of the mir-
ftue of a case of paralysis
bring
\t
Toronto,Ont, and Winnipeg, Man
A MIGHTY
\t this time my aunt I me to try Rr. Williams' Vink
ight boxes I
restored to health. 1
Vink Pills
r\
BURNS AND BRUISES
Soreness removed at onoo. No soar left If CILEAD1NE Is promptly applied. Don’t forget the name "Clleadlne,” l.e. Balm ef fillead large Boxes 26c. ffiug$l«te, or Clleadlne Co., Toronto.
through
i
WUMJ
acuiouK
hero in OshuXvu has oven to IR, ;dial for to the surface a great many siimlar-
wontlvi ful ami well authenticated
same remedy—Loud s
tad after using tuple tel
that Dr. Williams sawd my life and 1 sincerely hope my experience will benefit some other , sufferer.”
'! hese pills never fail to restore j health and strength in cases like the above. They make nexv, rich blood with every dose, strengthen the nerves and thus drive disease from tho system. Dr. Williams' Vink Tills
!
I
manager to extension of 11 To put the Glasgow
Children on a proper footing \\ 8Ô0 1 c îs were required, and not less cures than JC100.(UK), says last report Fite Edinb h
A
For Over Sixty Years
Mm. Wism-owi Sooth iso fvrvr has Iwn need by million» of molli ere fur the r children while u*u.h:ii; lieouthealhfd.il I, tufU-n* Hi* fimi*. al.ay# pain, cm as wind oollc. regulate* the wmnneh un l howcie. l hiirt retueiiy tor iManboea. Ttfuijr hir tenu* » bottle. Sold I y iln«,'in»t4 throughout iho world. Bo *uro and »»k fur “ Mr». Winslow hSootmimi Hvxve.'
Sick
by the
¦ ml I» the
Kidney Tills.
Mr. Drown, whose case has caused Company baxo paid the arrears of all the sensation, is a modest anas-
=2M Th" ass
A ....- —	-fSA.tS.wL, Cures the Sick By
t milk containing letters of inquiry from all mn K
;l Mvstic Power
•«Yes, Dodd's Kidney I ills cm-d	j
tfter all the doctors and hospital	_______
pccialistS had given me up 1
ou,dn't walk and had if ho ^ i:e ^ Can Know HÎS Se-	to Greenwich.
1,11X0	“	' inard's Liniment I'ures DiphtteiSa
M
District Trniiiwax
has four huge rock cis-holding five million gallons
Oibrultnt terns
of water, and made mosquito-proof
Xvt)Ol>;s PllOIO/i bU.’AN IV._
J. L. Jovi s I S(».(V'. 1
> DAY SI HI Jh T: .-MUI’Ok 10
by gauze wire
Imxing supplied to a gallons of swot lo per <• nit of ad Mr. Asquith has accepted the invitât ion of the Aberdeen Unixerritv
iat ion to become a can- me - local rectorship.
lie Edinburgh polie 11.450 crimes and of- a he by for
cure for rheumatism
are a certain sciatica, partial paralysis, St. Vitus' , indigestion, kidney and liver
til meats that make
Dominion Line Steamship»
Bouton to Liver
Guard's Linimfnt lures Coirs, ik
ded wntei
dan
t roubles, and tl
VooL^ VortlJid’to Liverpool. V i» Quei n*
I
1
iS=iE¥=fi
of the Company, or
KiuLsrHi, Mill* A Co.
T7 Slate St. Button
the lives of so many women, a source | of constant misery
Miss Beckwith was only 14 years old when, in 1875, she swam from
Liberal Assn didate for tl During 1D01 tl dealt with fences, a den pared with the number in the
L»r
1
Bright eyes. checks and an elastic step is prtain to follow a fair use of this
Be sure that the full name
ros
four months a fixed me up and 1
ne
tse of 5112 when com- gills s
ceil a
me
cret Free.
D. Torrance à Co .
Montreal amt Portland.
Vink Tills for Tab box vou Inix
Dr. Williams copie." is on every All others are imitations. If you do
n<d hud these pills at your dealer s haR pvcs„ntc(l to the town a p«vc
’ D«*v will be scat postpaid at .m ;.Tomui extending to about ten i
six boxes for SJ..10	.
he Dr. Williams^ Medi- \
II right ever since.
also I Ken in receipt of not
too
1
Ho ha
. a few Utters from others who f baxo found Dodd's Kidney Till
remedy when all else had
vious year. Kx-Vrovost
of Crii
It was in 185B that Japan forced by an Am Mean squadron to first open porta to foreign trade.
of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
¦
Mncllosty
xv as
a
A
Marvelous Nexv Treatment Which
Conquers All Diseases.
res ipi**axing fiii’od.
Several of
Mr. Brow n’s example
8
box
purpose of a public park.
named John Gal lie killed by falling from the
ccond floor of a
trret, Glasgow
encouraged by », have written rting their cases \erv enthusiastic
t I’.CfX
1

Beware
Brcckxiiiu, Ont

»
v\
wn
Bvnrdleos Barley
ll prodifmli/ prolific, ritld| lug in ltK>l far llr. Wells, Orleans Co., New York, It’D bushels per mere. D >es well •ter) where. That yuje.
new to the papers re; a and all art
thiir praires of the medicine Jhit our explanation
ontli to the building on Queen
of sixty feet
^ —
1
You Can Be Cured at Home (len. emus Offer of Prof. Adkin.
T
ntly)—"I wish
Mamma—"But. dear little bvoth-Tommy—"That's
he's not

in pat
Bobby Ya
“3ohb.v hasn't at 1
i.;,t wluru bu s so lucky d to be a good exi
nix
dist ;• 1
The fountain which was elected in _
Kelvin»’rove Dark-in connection with vaseo has been o. cied and it sen...
Glasgow Exhibition has u> make them easily .understandable, to the citv by Mr, j—The Kidney's are Natures hlood
11 the Kidneys are béai thy will bo extracted Kidney Tills
of all til
v
20th Century Oats.
The <-el lustrel, prodasiaf from *00 to 500 bu». P«r sore. Helrur's OaU me wsr-lenud to jrlolde. 'I he rail* them the very fcssi' That pay.
Threa Bared Corn.
20) i ' 250 i ns. per cxtr< m ly profitable col prleeeof eoi n. iwleor'e Mtt.il p. .Hluc«- cterywLcre.
S
-
I
the lati been presented j Walter Macfarlane j Rev. Father'llilger sion of ; cently promoted fi without ShottH, was pro said Mr. Dick- huninaieil addi,
"Quite |purse of sovereigi 1 remem-1 At the annual meeting
any Aberdeen Town and County Afsocîu-
Teaching of the Blind it I that thvi>‘ were now bn
1
oduee greet 3. mg Uepl.
6'

)>
!'•>!
filters

md

who was rc-jall tin oases i ; ourc « k	to exp< d—Dodd »
...led with nn il- j the Kidneys and thus enable them
ss and a well-filled to throw off sickness and to protect
and every assault
cun
No one ever got i wort li
... hard for it somewhat pompously remarked Mrs. B.
1 obtained you without
r acre, le

at pree*
1
ll\ tl
t

id

loi
fret
Sold by PrnpgiaK price 75c per bottle Its.fa Family Pills are V,c best.
I tlie body from any of the i of disease.
Marvol Wheat
rleUe lltt 3U Stales laelycar over 40 bn*. per M'S. We all# b»«e ibiceleb:etrd Muer», r uni XX heat.* fclch jlei-le-1 on cur iarm» C3 Lue. per acre.
That pay*.
d'

!
rue

that people
DCl
deal
'
He—"They say.	,,
who live together get to look alike. She—"Then you must consider refu.inl as final."
riiR CORONATION BIBLE
lion for the was reporte the lull «01 nail! ’reshy tory ; copied Archibald
hie
i


The King has already ordered the of Edinburgh for- Coronation Bible from the British the resignation of an 1 Foreign Bible Society to he used Fleming, of Tron in Westminster Abbey next dun\ It
be a large quarto volume, in rod morocco, with gold
my
Spoltz.
Orratfii cereal food on tar lb—M bus. grain slid 4 loue mAgniaceot bey per acre. That puy«.
Victoria Rape
Oslo# ll po«»lble 10 grow bog*, sheep aud cattle at a cost of but I# a lb. Marvel-euily prollOe. does well everywhere. That paya.
Bromuo Inormio.
Most wonderful grass of the century. Frodaces 6 tone of bay aud lute cod lets of pasturage bMldcs i«r acre.
Grows wherever soil Is fjund. Sulaer’ft seed Is warrant»!. 1 lint paye.
•10.00 for 13c.
We wish you to try our flfj great farm seed», beuce SÎW off, r to tend 10 larm seed fj? saaiplee, reatsialng Tboueaad W Headed Kali, leoetate. Rape,
J Alfalfa. Spells, etc (fully worth 110.00 lo get a atari) loee: her with fjggf our great eatalog, for Le peetage.
ii
»
Husband—"1 am surprii -d, Emily, di.it you should have such bad taste is t
riio i
V

many Rev. church, who h St. Columhabî
>
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
unit her wo-Wift—"And I
r the hair of on your head." surprised that yot
ol of another sheep on your
'
m:
vv «
I
iccci ted a call to will
bound
mcil has decided clasps, and stamped with the Royal
it will become the property
administers the
til

EPPS’S
Hit
Id weal
London
V.
?
11)1
* a
\
i \iis lev
wc
town et the freedom of the burgh
¦At*

Z
v.
Deck
amis
of the bishop who oaths.
to confer
on Mr. Stewart Clark, of the Anchor Thread Works, in recognition of his nume rous charitable gifts The management of Collage Hospital in their annual report state that during the year 369 i darling
patients had been admitted, as com-	unnatural vou should. No mon
ed with 321 in the previous year
GRATEFUL COMFORTING
- +

COCOA

A MOTHER'S ADVICE.
She Tells How Little Ones Can be Kept Well, Contented and
Happy.
r -
Dunfermline

you love me a But I do Don’t tell me !
"1 don't believe bit !" sobbed his wife
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
?
I
I
PI O '. TH03. F. ADKIN.
YOUR OVERCOATS
411 consider it a crime to experiment with he health of ti e people," say* Profttuur Tho* r’. Adkin, pre-t deal, of the lnathute of Phy-
If I did rot know
When baby is cross and i citable vest assured lie is nut well,
any
than f 1
could love a woman who wears such old hats as 1 do."
pa
<uu may •\un if you ;y in plums < ret fulness.
Da by to he cross
liable to sex
And fa.l d Suits would look better died. If no agent of our* in your lowu, write dl/tvi Montrt-al, l$ox lid.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
Montreal. •
ioi-me and burgeon*
. tfcliively Mid absolutely that my new home real men L will < uro every known dUcnee. even then nil o her methods of treatment fail, I ; vould corih.dci 1 wan committing a eritr.o U nako inch a sutemenl lo the public. Nothing t ho precious lo n man in his health -nothin*;
0	lier iblea-1 nn U; t ra njf grave. Utile ilia t not promptly cured often remit in ob*tin tc •nvtme d.soat os. 1 1 e.levo that my m w di* \
vary, "Vitaopathy." in tl»© mod man* lou ;
1	oitment over known, and 1 ini end to g-vi • *rt recru b lo the world. 1 in tond tint eve y nan. woman and child shall kn »vr its teach incH. 1 pr* pone to tell the sick, abiolutely freo if charge, how they may bciu-t* ie 1 to perfect vnlth. I would rallier bo a be* < factor to the ick men than 10 have the wealth of CroesoV
1 no above are ri markable w. rda, hut thone
>	ho know Pr. feetor Ad kin. and have tried his reniaient, van vouch for their absolute truth fulne-v.
*1 wa* nearly dexd with liver and kidney iroub e,” write* Prof. John C. Nelson, a well known geolrgiet ai d minihg engineer, living in Dayton,'i'vnn. "i he doc,or bud given me up to die. You can imagine what a «tale of mind 1 was in. I could not attend to l us met*, and began to think n y days wore numbered. 1 lead of the wonderful cure* Pio'enor Adkin :iad effected by hit great diecovery. Vita ipalhy. &nd a* a forlorn hope w;0 e to h m just the Condition I was in, mentally and physically. Bo gave me a clear diagnosis of my ca»e and didn't charge n o a cent for it. prescribed a trc.vmcnt wr.ich I began with little or no faith, but 1 am happy to eiaio that l am now competcly cured and am a firm bel.ever in Vltaopvhy. From my own per-
?	o*. '1 experience 1 believe Professor Adkin van almost raise the dead."
.\lr*. A. J. Soifriud, Stowe Creek. 0„ wr,i*i this grab fu! letter. "I was affected with a severe cate of Kczeraa and Nettle It is which spread over my whole body. The itching end stinging at timet was almost unendurable, I wro c Professer Adkin, and In four days after i began following th i fiee advice he gave mo the itching began to subside and the eruptions dried up rapidly. In ten days 1 was permanently c un d now than 1 have for tho past ten year*. The free advice Professor Adkin gives is & blessing to those who cannot afford to pay big doctor** bill*.1*
Professor Adk'n says : " I sympathise iwitN the sick. I want to make every chronic invalid well. I want to prove what roy treatment will do. I want every sick p*r on in this country to write me personally. Tell mo the loading symptoms of )0ir disease and I will at once make a thorough diagnosis of yoor rase and outline a method of treatment which will positively cure you. This will cost you absolutely nothing. I will also send you a copy of my now hook on *How to Oct Well and Keep Well,' postage prepaid. You are notout a single cent. Write me in confidence fully and freely about yourself." Address PROF. Til09. F ADKIN, Office 637 N-,
ate
nard's Liniment Cures Distemp^
of his illness other it is not natural for a| and lie is not so Ho has no other of telling liia troubles than bv j less and crying
u
•fit”*
i

CIIA1NELMJP SOAP
reason
Without any •
The Publisher of the Best Farmer's paper in the Maritime Provinces in writing to us states:
1 would say that I do not know of a medicine that has stood the test of time like MINAPT*\S LINIMENT. It has been un unfailing remedy in our household ever since I can remember, and has outlived dozens of would ho competitors and imitations.
When the new reading-room of the When 1k'I‘\ is Imperial Public Library. St Petcrs-^lxc. him Baby's Own Tablets. ; burg, was opened recently all the nhd they will soon make nim good- pieces of *onp soon disappeared from
theyjthe lavatory
»
RIGHT HERE,DOCTOR
46
ross
I
Henceforth the soap
This is
That's the place, right in. the small of the back. It's a dull ache, sometimes a stinging "catch," a "tired feeling," a burning pain. It exposes the fact that you shape, your strength has been overtaxed,
yçur kidneys are breaking down, your nerves are shaky, your bowels KrL	constipated. You need the help of
aalured and happy, because
a ill cool his hot little mouth, ease will be secured by a chain
little stomach and help done by passing a rqd of wire little teeth through | through nn egg-sha|«xl piece of soap Tablets are just which is then liung near the basin.
r
bis soui
his obstinate painlessly.
what every Lie ones—and her older children too
JV1 • Lva>	It oi ¦ ¦
— I find Baby’s Own medicine 1 have
W hen
mother needs for hcr lit-
are in bad

The French have produced the most remarkable kleptomaniac on record.
This is an old woman whose passion for smoking has impelled her to pil-
, for pipes from Parisian shops with Cf 1,000 unvaccinated children, dbO ^ I such industry that no fewer than L’.- were found to be pitted with small-
AH pox. Out of 1,000 vaccinated
found so marked.
Mrs. Clarence N.S., says Tablets
used for my little ones, baby was four months old was verv much troubled with ir.ui
He would vomit V» food, he took it, no matter

evei
Dr. McLaughlin’s
Electric Belt
J
my
two
600 were found in her lodgings were meerschaums and thirty-nino were well colored.

a
gestion as soon as what I gave him and lie seemed to
be always hungry and kept thin and
He a ilîcrcd from <"
giving him
T l < BltC 4 <’OLI> 1% OXR O IÏ.
1L Vv. Urovc’b signature is on eaub box. 2J0.
out of 28 death-sentences imposed in Britain orly 11 were carried out.
3
and you can
IIo
farm laborer in the United the States is able by the aid of nia-
One
t
delicate
Pay When Cured
0<Terre"outg.eeMrii&eF»U tS
After
Tablets a few days the vomiting chinery to do the work of three in "cased and his bowels became re- Europe. Europe’s estimated waste inilar, and 1 must say that since I of labor equals that of -48 million hvrran the use of the Tal lets I have hands.
Had less trouble with this baby than 1 had with any of the rest of my
children/' EvcryH I keep Baby’s Own Tablets |	¦
house at nil times—there is no tcll-when ah emergency may arise.
These Tablets
•or all.the minor ailments of little >nes, such as constipation, indigestion. colic, diarrhoea, sour stomach, mil simple fever. They break up colds,1 prevent croup, and allay the Irritation accompanying the cutting )f teeth. They ere sold under a guarantee to contain no opiate or ithcr harmful drug, and dissolved m water may M given with absidute safety to tho youngest infant. Sold iy nil druggists at 21 rents a box. ir ^nt post Paid on receipt of ?rice hv addressing t lams* Medicine Co., Rockville, Ont
Last yea i
if you can to cure costs you
chanew,™*
Mejss sasa
be ok tolling how Heures lh6 woeknw iVworth
iiEd’s lliilEiil curts Garcei in cons
Mr. Spinks—"Well, Willie, has your sister made up her mind to go tbe concert with me ?
She's made up her mind, and she’s makin’ up her f.icc now down in a minute,"
FREE
mother should
in
FREE
to
BOOK Bill |TEST
Willie—"Yes
THE POPE'S INCOME
The Pole’s Income Is $1,400,000, one-seventh of which is guaranteed by tho Emperor of Austria; another sev-
¦" "** % srrmirs zsatr&s;
Pence
1 feel better
She’ll be
hg
are a certain cure
Ninety-five per cent Hiers can read and write against per cent in 1860.	___
¦BBSS
selling b cheap, worthless article.
PR. M. D. McLAUCHLIN, 130 Vongi Street, Toronto.
IS
are
1 _
i
î
WIRE
IS

. -
This
Wil
1‘i
###PAGE###7###
well
ter days, and tho nation mayggg) rejoice that the wound he received at Venter's Spruit was but slight.
In the Orange Mivafr Colony he led long and tedious marches, many of which, though not characterized by large captures, such os wo have been accustomed to read lately, were eminently successful. To mention only a few of his undertakings before proceeding to more immediate statistics -it was tho splendid march of brace all line days.	Hamilton which saved 250 Yeomaary
Among tho principal organs of tho «tore hogs need not ho closely and 25 infantrymen from being overanimal body are tho lungs, in which housed Huild a small sleeping pan , whelmed In August, 1000, near Win-changes go on unceasingly during the in the open lot. Have only one op- burg Not satisfied with saving the healthy life of the animal. The filing, the door, and over this hang Yeoman from the strong f"ire of changes mo : 1st, tho taking of oxy- a piece of carpet. Feed tho pigs m J*/**™ who besieged tlu-m, he took gen (tho life-giving gas) into tho	troughs, or on a	platform in the op-	the bull	by	the horns, engaged
blood ; 2nd, the throwing off of the	on field quite a	distance from the	enemy, and	captured Genera Olivier
poisonous material (carbon dioxide	pen, so that the	hogs will have to	(who ih	now in Gey Ion) and I.is	thref
is) of breathing air Ird, tho for-	hustle back and	forth fro pi the pen	®on®*
mulion of heat, the result of tho ox- to the traugh.
I rear half of a h< * Worth	of course, it is in the Kastere
Tho lungs consist of a large nura- fifty per cent, more than tho iront Transvaale to which Botha and Un ber of small air cells, over whh h are half distributed a large number of very fine blood vessels. Some of little blood-carrying tubes bring impure blood to tho
exchanged carbon dioxide, ammonia i in until April and water for oxygen, as a result of j cold storage is used, pigs
warming the blood, which also becomes a brighter red in color. The young over feeding old pigs purified blood is then taken to the we find it hotter to have two litters heart, from where it is pumped to all parts of tho body, where it assists {n nourishing and building up the various tIrenes. Oxygen is only to he got from pure fresh air, hence it is at once evident that the purifica-
the farmers because tho
known cases where roaiiy felt aggrieved owner of a really good animal charged more for ids services than did tho owner of some scrub.
think our rending will come off bettor in tho evening ; my uncle Joy» It thon."
Something constrained and unna-in Margaret's voice caught
1 #

FOR FARMERS f


1 The Fatal Dower {
tu roi
Lord LIrIo'h attention
"Let It be
quietly. A beautiful
orange blossom HHHI upon tho table near her. She took
it in her hands.
"How fragrant those flowers are! " said Philip. She selected tho prettiest spray of blossoms and held it out to him.
lie took it from her, held it carelessly for a few minutes, then laid it down upon tho table.
"The perfume is overpowering this morning," ho said. "After all, I like our English flowers best. Nothing can equal our violets and lilies. There is as much and just tho same kind
Italian and English flowers as there is between Italian and English men. Do l isle ?"
"It is possible/' she said
tho fragrant, richly-colored flowers tho best."
Philip laughed, and, with a how to his cousin, quitted the room, leaving the sprig of orange-blossom carelessly upon tho table.
For some moments f.ho stood listening to the echo of his footsteps. Tho sound ceased at last, and she knelt where he had stood, burying her lace in tho flowers. She wept with a passionate abandonment pitiful to see.
"lie does not love me !" she said; "he does not even rare for mo ! Tho flower I gnvo him is of no value, lie (h.i's not care for me dear Heaven !—I love him better
f
so then," she said,
bouquet of and myrtles lay
Seasonable and Profitable Mints for the Busy Tillers £ of the Soil.
+'••-** ••• 4: '•*
PU HE AIR.
THE PIGS
Keep the pigs on tho ground aa much os possible. During tho Hummer they should always run at pasture. In tho winter let thorn out on
e
OR
fs
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
c
âv*#»@*@"#*@*@»#*#*o*@*#»o***#*#*@*»*#*#»#*e
chiait en xi
In her own mind she laughed at all pathetic stories. Riches, honor, title, with her ranked before love. She thought but little of it. She had no sweet, girlish dream of something to come which should brighten her life and change it. Rut her heart was waking. She had fanned to herself a marriage with Philip Lisle, but love had no part in the plan.
Her heart was waking from its long dream of vanity and coldness. Philip’s face haunted her. She could not forget it. His voice sounded ever in her ears—so gay, so generous, chivalrous and noble. Who was like him ? No false or mean word over stained his lips—no selfish thought ever camo near him. He was not handsome as an Apollo, or gifted with the keenest intellect ; hut his kindly, comely face had all tho charm of truth and nobility. One felt instinctively on looking at him, that ho was a man in whose hands honor and life might safely bo trusted; and withal, ho had a high-bred, degogo manner that fascinated all who approached him.
Tho time came to Rita when the name of Philip Lb le sounded like sweetest music in her ears—earth hold none sweeter ; when to be near him. to hear him talk, to feel his admiring glance upon her, was the keenest pleasure earth could give her—keener far than the happiness that she found in wealth and honor. Sho began to study him, to lay herself out to please him ; tho proud face softened for him, the haughty lips, gave him smiles and words no other ever received. It was a wonderful love—wonderful from its concentration. She had no other thought, no other idea. To have won him she would have laid down her life. Such a love might have been the redemption of another woman ; in that grand, erring, ambitious nature it was but another source of destruction.
Philip admired his cousin thought her wonderfully beautiful and most wonderfully proud. He was kind and affectionate to her. after tho mntmer of an older brother; but as to love, he never gave it a thought—it never occurred to him to fall in love with Lord Lisle's daugh-
The your passed rapidly enough.
At, its close Margaret was barely recognizable. All that Civilization could do for her was done. All trace of tho cottage education had disappeared; the musical voice had bo-cleui and distinct as a silver bell; all little eccentricities of speech and manner had disappeared ; her language, even, had become remarkable for its elegant simplicity and force.
Tho half-conscious manner had disappeared, and a graceful dignity had taken its place. Margaret had spared ne pains. She read, and, above all, listened to the conversation of clever ac.4 talented men. Sho was so quick, so apt in all imitation, that nothing escaped her. The names of great men and great works were no longer a dead letter to her ; she could converse intelligently and well. Her wonderful beauty hud been carefully cultivated also. Few would ha\o recognized In tho queenly girl, whose magnificent face drew all eyes, tho rustic beauty who had listened an eagerly to Ralph Ashton’s praises.
Ford Lisle was more than satisfied with that ono year’s training.
News came often from England.
Mrs. Wytorno found plenty to do in managing the Hall. Philip was busily engaged in tho care of the estate.
Lord Lisle wrote, pressing him to join them at Rome, and spend some months with them.
"Do come, Philip," ho wrote. "1 want you to see what progress Rita has made. I want to know what you think of her."
They went • to 'Naples and from there Lord Lisle wrote a most kind letter to Daisy, pressing her to pay them a visit.
"1 want you to live with us," ho to he as one of my own ; to be Rita's sister, as you always been. Como and stay
and
then wo can decide about tho future."
And Daisy, in reply, said that in two months tho term for which she had engaged herself to tho Denhams would expire, and then sho would gladly rejoin her sister. Philip's letter reached Naples the same morning saying he should be with them during that week.
He cuino one beautiful evening, when the sky was cloudless, and the waters of tho bay, half blue golden, rippled and broke musically upon tho shore. Lord Lisle had gone out, an4 Mrs. Marche was engaged when he arrived. Ho was ushered into a room that seemed to be all sunlight and flowers. He saw there a dignified and beautiful woman, who
received him with exquisite grace, ed tho sin "unsinnod Ho cried out in amazement:	"Miss	stood him well	]
Lisle, how vou have altered I	1	did	simple nature	that could	forgive	any
not know you."	crime save one like here. She knew
Nor could he cease from wonder- that if ever Philip Lisle should learn ing Ilia eyes wandered from	the	wlmt she had done, he would	never
peerless face to	the magnificent	look at her or speak to her	again,
dress. In his ears the musical voice "Hut there Is no dangei lingered like a spell. Could this	lie	to herself-	no	danger.	He	will
the young girl, he had found	In	the	never know.	...	c,	„ ,
little cottage at Queen’s Lynne ? she tried to win him. She used liita saw and noted his surprise. It her beauty. her talents, hot wit , was to her tho most Haltering com- hut nil In vain. When the blue sea pliment ho could have paid. She was calm they sailed for hours to-remembered her first	interview	with	gether over the sunlit waters	of the
him, when ho had	seemed to	her	hay ; they wandered through	groves
something quite different from the of fragrant orange-trees ; they Uncommon race of men. llis handsome gored by the purple vines and green
z rs.“ï: : sr isr sz 2rrr.es	s	frS
who had appeared to her like villa on the outskirts of Naples.
r	pre- Beautiful gardens surrounded it,
Sloping down Tho windows were
the

SWEEPING THE LAAGERS
€01110
of difference between
change
wo-
you not think so, Miss
residue of his army have held fust during the last few months, when Bruce Hamilton has gained most of his laurels. The capture of ont laager after another, t ho incessant night marches, often undertaken ii pouring rain, have told a tale 01 tho Boer remnant. His operation! have been watched with tho keener interest by students of war, and public satisfaction was great when tin general, after making three note worthy hauls in a week, received tin special thanks of the Government foi his brilliant work. He must havi accounted for at least 1,000 Boers in less than two months, for be i1 rcmvmliercd that unofficial toiegrami from the front have reported a number of small captures which Lord Kitchener, probably deeming then too small to chronicle, has not sen! to the War Office. Here is the officiai list of liis captures. The figures deal with seizures only, killed and woundIMPROVING MARSHY LAND. (.(j n0£ being included :—
When a piece of marshy land has Place.
been drained, it is often found that Oshoek...........
crops fail to thrive, although it Trichardsfontcin
| seems to be very rich in nitrogen. Witkrnnns..........
| The remedy is to add barnyard man- Lake Runngher...
me. The semi-aquatic vegetation Near Ermclo............
which formerly occupied the land de- Upiw'r 0Upholds River dan. 5 cays so slowly that cultivated crops Bos, liman's Kraal. Jan 10
cannot get nitrogen rapidly enough Neat Knapdanr........... d.m. It
for tlvir needs. When the manure is' (Botha nearly caught, escaped n
added it sets up a which converts the nitrogen bearing materials into a more soluble and hence available form.
A hog that is straight on Hie back these will have good hams.
In the East pigs can be slaughter-lungs, where is ed any time after cold weather sots
where
I like
in I ho West
cnn be
thus | slaughtered ut all times of the year. 1'here is great economy in feeding
Hence
[H'.r year, and kill at nine to ten months old.
To pay, pigs must be grown cheaply. We must force growth, not fat, while young and this on the cheapest
food i f>os* iblo*	I Ait the pigs run In
lion of the blood, the growth and the pasture; or, if it is winter, give warmth depends on its Ix ing able to them clover hay, vegetables, potat-get an ample supply of oxygen. It oes and the like, cooked and mixed is impossible to get. the best results with middlings into a succulent mess, from live stock which arc starving j Give them skim-milk if you have it; for fresh nil*. Pure air with its and middlings arc always an cco-great. complement— light — means nominal feed.
oik.my of food and t bo a I once <>? germ diseuse», notably tuberculosis.
As that essential, pure air, cannot be freely supplied in poorly ventilated stables. we shall endeavor to show, in a series of articles, on ventilation, how live stock may be ensured a fcupply of pure air. which ranks equally high a? a nutrient with food and water.
and I—oil
than my life !"
When tho passionate fit of weeping ended she took the little flower and
left the room.
Lord Lisle saw and heard it all. His first emotion was one of unmitigated surprise ; his second, one of profound pity for his daughter.
"She loves him,'/ ho said to himself. "I believed her too proud to love any man. Ah, if her mother had lived, she would have known what to do !"
Lord Lisle never mentioned that little scene. On his daughter’s face when they next met, there was no sign of love.
Date Captures ...Dec 4	t>:t
..Dec. 10	1.11
..Dec. 1:1	70
..Dec. 10	Hi
.Jan. :t	mo
U
42
hi
FARM NOTES
fermentation a ( ape cart.)
Wit bank....
Stable blankets save oats and keep the horses’ coats smooth. They are also as useful on the cows. Bran sacks may be doubled and used for this purpose.
Always water hogs before feeding and never afterwards, if this is practiced *14 lbs. of corn will produce two pounds of gain. In other words, every bushel of corn ought to produce ten pounds of pork.
The hogs intended for slaughter should have a very light amount of food tho day previous and no breakfast tho morning they are to be killed, as with empty entrails and stomach they will bleed better and handle easier.
The person who keeps hens and does not give them the care needed to induce them to produce eggs, hatch out and raise chickens, and do it without scratching up plants in the garden, or tangling up the
..Ian. IS Jan 25 Jan. 20
27
Bosch mansion- oin and Nelspan ...
said ; ‘ children have
with us for some months first
(To Be Continued.)

)0<
-4
023
ASBESTOS MORE IN' DEMAND
Total.......................
A splendid record surely for
youngest major-general in the Brit
Bruce Hamilton is ttil! ii
To Trove M yon that Dr.
Chase » Ointment ia a certain and absolute euro for rveh r.nd every form of itch osr. bleedlngrmdprof-n 'in-/	¦*, j Jsh army
tho manufacturer have KUtrantesdir. See tes- , js 4fit|1 yoar. jfc was born in t U-
««== y,,,/o«57)
yet your monor b*< k if not cured. tjOc a box. at cumber, whereas the hero of Mafe sll dealers crEdmanson,IUtkh (c Co., 1 uronlo. k|ng Wits born in February. Ct? o
bis brothers, who also fought in tiv Boer War of 1881, rose from a troop or in the Guards’ Cavalry, to rank of lieutenant-colonel of the 1T11 Hussars, and all four have soon scr vice in South Africa.
Fibs
be
tb
Tho Finer Grades of tho Mineral Used for Making Ballet •	Dresses.
A big revival in the Canadian asbestos industry has lately set in as a result of the discovery that the European substitute for the American It was a new life to her-new and	article is of inferior quality, and of
strongc. Beauty seemed to have fal-	the increased uses to which the min-
lun over the world. Sunshine - and	oral is being put in the various in-
flowers spoke to her us they had dustiies.
never done before. Gentle thoughts For some inexplicable cause the do came to her—the fierce ambition and	maud for asbestos declined a few
pride that had led her into great	years ago until-the price paid was
crime faded. There were times even	not sufficient to warrant the contin-
xvhen she longed to be good and	nance of mining operations, and
true, that she might bo worthy of	many of the mines in the district of	,	,
his love—when she would have wish-	Beau ce. where the finest quality of gross that he intends to cut for hav
¦¦ WÊÊM	the' mineral in the world is found, ; or befoundiug the hay in t ho barn
were closed down
ter
th
A SUCCESSFUL UEIEEAL,
half
GEN. BRUCE HAMILTON’S RECORD IN SOUTH AFRICA.
*
TONGUE TWISTERS
His Splendid March Saved British Force From Disaster at
Winburg.
Most people have at some pcriot of their lives been requested by ccr tain evilly-disposed persons to re peat rapidly the information that “She Us sea shells V1 that the "Sou.
Sho undcr-she read the loyal
has not a right to call the hen fool- When the time comes to appraise is now I ish. The fault is his own.	the reputations of our generals
wbrth three times xvhat it was a If tho hen goes into the garden	South Africa it will, without doubt,	jj(.cth ¦
year ago, and the lately unproduc- and scratches up choice plants in be found that Major-General Bruce . compel y sash should sliabbv nitchci live mines are again in full activity, search for the worms that may be Meade Hamilton will come out pretty ghow Gr thcy mny lulvo tx en de-The gross value of the asbestos ship- around the roots, she is governed near the top in point of continuous	by a limiiciously-inclined fellow
pod this year promises to exceed §2,- I by a natural instinct which may hard work and excellent results glles^ require an imaginar\ 000,000.	have been brought down from artd achieved, says London Express. ! dividual to Give Grimes Jim's gilt
The supply of asbestos is furnished through previous generations, when it may be put forward oy some |tf_wn,p by a comparatively very small terri- the farmer put a shovelful of manure that the general has been lucky : ..Jb)W har(i it is to Bay> iiow high tory. It was known several decades I in each hill for such plants, that was	(hat he has reaped where others have	.g jt
ago that.some asbestos existed there, i well adapted to produce a crop of	sown; that ho has simply swooped \yhen a pretty teaser	has	obtained
but tho superior quality and richness	worms and grubs that would	lune	down	on	laagers	and gathered up	the	a temporary victory	by setting	you
of the deposits were not exposed un-	been about us sure to destroy	the	Boers	in	centuries after	other	gen-	tnQ aiurc-mcnUoned	task, just,	ie-
til the burning of the forests in Tliot- I plant if sho had not scratched them erals (French, Smith-Dor rien, and ^)JCS^ ber to repeat six limes in one ford and Coleraine townships laid out, as she was to in the scratching, his namesake, Ian Hamilton, to wit) : breath, “What a pity poor Deter bare the hills of serpentine in which Sho is not as foolish as the man who had done the rough spade work. To pcckcd' pretty Polly’s pigs !’’ II the mineral is found.	does not put up a fence to separate	accept this assertion would he to shQ survives; ask jier to inform the
Tho rock carrying the merchant- tho hens from the garden.	argue a very imperfect knowledge of	company ten	times	in	ten	seconds
able asbestos is generally of a gray- It is true that wo sometimes raise	Bruce Hamilton's operations, since	| that “Six	misses	mixed	hisses.
ish or green serpentine, containing	n good crop of apples on trees	that	lie went	out to	South	Africa	as	^hen the surgeon lias repaired	hoi
many small particles of iron. * The I arc standing in old sod. It is	true	Chief	of	General	t lery s	stall	I he	ar^s Gf speech, you	may with	pro-
veins of asbestos vary in size from that frequently the trees that have general has worked with a feverish-1 rjcty nsk hci. -.jf ,1C sj,‘,|Cd, should to	the water's edge,	a more thread to a thickness of five	had	the highest culture right along	ness, a tireless activity, and. withal,	shc	sjp ?.»	-'Should	a	ship’s	steward
thickly covered	or six inches. Veins of two and a I fail	to	bear the crops that we ex-	a thoroughness as to give him tho	gçU	a	fihoddy	suit	? ’	“The	bore
with creeping flowers and bright	half inches and upward of good quai- I P©ct	them. Neglected orchards this	sobriquet of f Brute Hamilton.	brought	boar	braw.i,"	"Sam	should
blossoms ; the balconies looked like	ity and unbroken by particles of iron	year	arc	in bad shape everywhere. In	Not that the "brute" was meant soofl	sell	Shorn	sir	shilling	single
one mass of evergreen.	are regarded as "extra No. 1."	isolated spots in this country may be unkindly. It was used by his men shingles," "lie threw two tru<
The room they preferred had a The system of mining is open found orchards bearing from meder- the same way as we speak of ft | throws." largo	window	opening on a balcony,	quarry work, tho entire rock being	ate	to	heavy crops of apples, and	man achieving things by brute force
around	which	tho	vines clung In pro-	removed and broken up in order to	plums.	These orchards arc invari-	an(j stubbornness alone. The view
fusion ; they hung in such thick clus-	separate the asbestos. There is lit-	ably	the	ones that had high cultiva-	which Mr. Thomas Atkins holds
tors that one standing outside could	tie or no excavation before the as-	lion.	It	pays to give tho orchard	the general is that lie
Imrdlv be seen by those in the room,	bestos	is reached, tho veins of the	the most thorough	cultivation. It	qsself to a skeleton,	that	there ain’t	these fatal words
Lord Lisle liked that balcony better	fibre being blasted out of the sur-	is not necessary to	plow around the	no stoppin’ him; ho	does	a heap of	yuc seek soap	?"
than any other part of the house,	face rock, while workmen	with ham-	trees two or throe times every year,	strange things at once, starting a
From it there was a view unequaled	mers separate the portions of rock	It may bo well to plow once in	march when we blokes have made up
for beauty—the Bay of Naples lay	wnicli	adhere to the pure asbestos,	early spring. After	that tho work	our minds to sleep,	lie’s	a hot ’un,
shining in the summer sun, the dis-	which	is at once sorted in grades	can be done much	better and more	js the general, and no mistake."	PLOUGH IXG	WITH ELEPHANTS
t int mountains raised their tall	for shipment. Tho best	quality is	quickly by means of a heavy bar-	in considering his brilliant nehievo-
heads, all the luxuriant loveliness of	worth about' $300 a ton.	row drawn by horses.	men Is during the last two months.
tho fair land was spread out in one One of tho best. Th et ford mines,	------ one is apt to lose sight of his earlier
gorgeous picture. In this balcony which.could have beep bought a few	BREED TO GOOD BULLS.	work, which, ns a reference to
Lord Lisle	passed	many	happy	years ago for	§5,000 is now yielding	official despatches shows, was
Ho	learned	there,	too, a	so	to	its	owners	more than $100.000	a	Farmers that keep cows largely for	duo us all through. L» l it not	be
Another largo-' mining area	it | the milk and butter fat they	get.	forgotten that General Bruce Hnm-
from them should encourage	the	fiton achieved big things from .	tho
keeping in their neighborhoods	of	time that he got his baptism of	lire
in the campaign in Natal. He fought with the same dash and eagerness there and in the Orange River Colony os have marked his doings t!.e Eastern Transvaal in these I at-
or to saj ceaseth ami it suf*
The Canadian asbestos
What a shame such a
she said
in
or to comment upon
man
a king, grew confused in her sen cot They had changed places Philip received tho warmest come from Lord Lisle.
"You will stay with us, of course/
"Do not talk of hotels we shall he quite a happy family, do just as you like, but do not think of leaving us."
When they were alone. Lord Lisle turned to his kinsman. "Philip," he said, gravely, "tell mo the exact truth : what do you think of Mar-
wcl-
ho
said
In all probability this will !.0 the coup do grace, and as your victim is of i borne from 1 he room
just works vou are at liberty to hiss in parting
Should sooty
in ti swoon
gurct now ?"
“My dear uncle," he replied, "you might just as well ask me to write a poem or paint a picture. In a few words, she is tho most perfectly
the change
A farmer in Havana has found u n -w use for the sagacious elephant, lie uses it for his ploughing in the
It cats very little
beautiful girl I ever saw
so marvel 1 ou». 1 see
and my whole
no
in her is
the
lir_ place of horses
more than a horse, but it d< » far more work, does it infinitely better and with much less trouble former is delighted with its use, for he bo .glit it as an experiment from the owners of a circus which stranded in his neighborhood. m a decided novelty to see an elephant drawing a plough.
fault nor blemislv^B	n
heart rejoices in your happiness." Lord Lisle looked delighted.
"1 shall take her homo next year
lie said
hours
cret that oven in death he never for-
yeai
tho same neighborhood has been ac
Wert helms*
fort, Germany, the largest dealers oi first class dairy hull», says < olman s asbestos goods in the world.	Rural World. That more animals of
The commoner grades of the miner I this kind are not available is largely al continue, ;i - before, to be manu- | due to the fact that the cheap bulls
the good ones. Wo have
1 he
got
I long
and Introduce he*
to see her take her place in the great world."
"She will adorn it," said Philip. "How about her foster-sister ? Have
you seen her yet ?"
"She will join us in a few weeks. I expect," replied Lord Lislo shall all return to England, must go with me to-morrow, and see the copy lie i* making of my dear wife’s portrait/ "Miss Lislo does not in the least resemble any of race," said tho young man.
"No, not much. Hut, Philip, related as wo arc, why do you persist m calling my daughter Misa Lisle / Surely she may be Margaret to you."
One morning, when Rita was busily engaged with Mrs. Marche, he went to say good-by for a few hours. He kissed her and said he should return. On leaving tho house,
ever
was It is
soon
how-
factured into steam,packing and fire- | drive out proqf building felt.' The spinning ond won^ng of the finest quality of the fibre have been so improved that from being employed for drop scenes and other heavy stage paraphernalia it has now conic to be used for the manufacture of stage drosses for the ballet.
Lord Lisle found the sun so that he resolved to defer his until evening. Ho re-entered
warm
we
A Sufferer From Backache
tho house unseen by anyone except the servant who admitted him, fetched a book, then retired to his favorite balcony to read. The shade of the vino leaves was most grateful, and ho was congratulating hiniself his wisdom when Margaret en-
You
to Gurci’s studio
Several Years of Kidney Disease A Prominent Merchant Cured by
tho ladies of ofr
Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills.
u pc* ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦
tered the room, and Philip followed
LETTER-BAGS OF RULERS
her
A Berlin newspaper recently published some curious details respecting the letter-bags of tho principal Eur-ppean sovereigns who breaks the record, as he receives every day from 22,000 to 23,000 letters and newspapers. King Edward VII comes next with 3,000 newspapers and 1,000 letters Czar and German Emperor receive each from 600 to 700 letters, appeals. etc
The Pope, says the same authority, employs no fewer than thirty-five se-
The Emperor William
himaelf, and
Lord Lisle is out/' said Philip, “I think I shall follow his example. These sunny days are made for outdoor enjoyment."
"If a broiling sun gives enjoy-
you will have
2.*5T.2 S.'SSSZ 5TÆ
,e"r's? sKrsstiss ssLsrs.rzzî-yrs&'ssîL.k...... w.....
I often wonder now why people go after new-fangled remedies when Ibis tried and proxon medic tie is ee
rasflv obtained, and so certain to cure.	zi n ____
Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills have the hearty endorsement of good citizens in nearly ewy and village in Canada They arc probably the most popular remedy that was ever introduced into this cou» try and their enormous sales are duo to the fact that they radically cure serious and OttOlM	CM
plU * dose; 25 cent# a box, at all dealers, or Edmanson, Dates & Co., Toronto
It is the Pope
My dear uncle," replied the young
I should re-
man, his face flushing, quire desperate courage to make the attempt. Believe me, at present I dare not. I can imagine the flash of those black eyes, if I venture to call
their owner ‘Margaret.’ "
Lord * Lisle laughed with quiet amusement. Rita’s dignity and hauteur had often pleased and surprised
to see that they effect upon his
handsome young kinsman
ment," said Rita plenty of it. You said something about reading to us this morning." Philip laughed gayly.
"Imagine," he said, "reading Xalla Rookl/ on a day like this ! I never can be sentimental when the sun is warm. Ah, Miss Lisle, I must crave your pardon for my bad taste, but I think a row on that smiling will be better than all the poetry
that ever was written." '
A pained, wistful look came over Lord Lisle was about to
The
the King of Italy, 500 Wilhelmina from 100 to 150
him
and now,
produced the same gay and
pleased him still more.
A new life began for Rita—a revelation came to her under I Neapolitan akv. She played nt love wlW, Ralph Ashton. She had always Un»ught mLî um «leans to on end.
tion

crctarie#|^HHipi writes a great deal since Queen Victoria’s death he has used black-bordered paper. __ nary times ho uses large sheets of light blue or dark grey paper.

tow:
new
that
In ordi-
her face
speak, when Philip resumed gayly : I am always at your service, but I
###PAGE###8###
X
Splendid Chance
fer Evrybody!
X
E. HODCINS & SON’S A DVT.
HAS ARRIVED !
Our large Spring Stock is tiers.
No Crumbling.
Everyone is pleased wild It.
No kicking.
0.0. SPRING 1902 *o«o
Boots
This great sale of Gloves, Mitts, Overshoes and Felt Goods offers rare money-saving opportunities.
REMEMBER
Hats
it
un
h n
il n
Shirts
Only Two Weeks more and we will close Sale.
Boots :
Belay is dangerous. Do not put off but come at once to
We have the best and cheapest lines of Men’s and Women’s Feetware ever shown in Shawvilie
Our ladies’ laced dongola for $1.QO is a marvel of beauty and cheapness. Our ladier dongola, both laced and buttoned, at $2.25 are equal to any $2.50 boots in the market to-day. We have a jim dandy line of men’s and boys’ medium (coarse fine) at $1.00 and 90 cents, which are wonderful goods for the money.
ALF. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
Store.
The Shawvilie
Boot
and Shoe
M. STEWART.
Clarendon Council
Farm Help Wanted.
The Barondale Veterinary Medicines.
Shawvilie, 3rd March, 11*02. Regular Seeaion of the Council this day. Members present : Mr Mayor, John
Councillors : Thos McDowell,
Wanted, for general farm help, man ami wife without children. Permanent employment to suitable parties.
Apply to ?d. C. FOSTER
Rutledge P. O., Que.
Stewart
Win Hodgins, K Thomas, James Wilson; later on, James Smith, Win A Hudgins.
Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by Coun James Wilson, see by Coun Thomas McDowell that the minutes of last meeting as now read Le and T. ,	. .	,
e;
sumod, and same Council present.	|	Calumet Island, Que.
Moved by Coun Thomas, sec by Coun Wilson, that Coun Thomas McDowell he and is hereby appointed to count, cull.
The disease commonly called “Distemper ' is just now raging through our land accept P McCullough'a cedars at country; but the disease itself is not to be feared so much a# the results if proper Yarm.—Carried.
c, f ste ax
26 cents, has cured the most obstinate cases, removing the disease and clearing out Dale be laid over .ill our next meeting, the system so that no t*ad results follow.	Carried,
Equally good results obtained from Baron dal e Cough and Distemper Cure, Ring I Moved by Coun McDowell, sec by bone ami Spavin Cure, Colic and Inflammation Cure, Healing Ointment, Hoof Paint, | Coun Smith, that the following bills be
Powders and Anodyne Liniment
Hats :
Mi

Horses for Safe.

Young men want new goods, and in buying
your Spring Hats from us you can be satisfied that they are new 1902 styles end make. Beautiful lines of iur goods at $1,00, $1.25 and $1.50.
After Using
Before Using
What We Claim lor our Cough and Distemper Cure.
*
E Shirts :
We have the beet stock of Fancy Shirts in
town. The nicest and newest things in starched fronts and zephrys. Beautiful shirts at 50c., better for 75c., and our best for $1.00. All sizes from 14 to
QTTAWA, NORTHERN A WESTERN
-A N D-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION l(YS.
paid : William Corrigan, board of health,
$3.60; James Hart, $1.00; and «lame»
Wilson, $2.00 —Carried.
Moved by Coun W A Hodgins. sec by Coun James Wilson, that Henry B Hod- , .
gins be paid $4.(if) for laying out lines to 'KX|RAL Public.-Round trip tickets date.—Orried,	will be sold to ail station# atone single
Reportof the Lily Cheese and Butter Company|%%%%%%%
Sec Treasurer
pointed to draft a by-law to be submit-
‘payers to Municipality
Moved by Coun Wm Hodgins, sec by Coun W A Hodgins, that the law respect ing the removing of stumps and wood-fences along the principal public roads be enforced" in this Municipality in December next; and that the ratepayers interested take notice and govern themselves accordingly Municipal Code.—Carried Moved by Coun Wm Hodgins, sec bv Coun F Thomas, that Couns McDowell and Wilson do attend the Good Roads meeting at Ottawa on the 13th and 14th inst.—Carried.
Moved by Coun Smith, sec by Coun Thomas, that the following persons be
and are appointed Road Inspectors in I* mi_i g*	...
the Municipality for the ensuing term.— JXLS-1B wITGGt, * 5A& W VlllG* Carried
Condition
For sale at—
C Wears Bros', Bryson ;
TAD. Hovowass, CamphofltBay ; J. t. Cahill s, Calumet kissd ;
J. F. Crcnev », ladysmrth. Stisi Young e, Sti^i Comers.
W. H. Lucas. Cakheei
Wm. Moore's, Otter lake ;
161.
EASTER HOLIDAYS
Drug Store, ShswviUe ;
E. HODGINS & SON
for the Year 1901.
ix iiooL Vacation.—Toach&rs of school# and pupils on presentation of certificate, one single first class fare and one third for round trip, good going Marc h 21st to 29tb, inclusive, and returning not later than April 8th, 1902.	!
ed to the rate labor in the .
commute statute —Carried.
-DR.
To cash on hand April 30, 1901. “ received for cheese.. ..
“	sale of one waggon....
“	rent of one waggon....
“ two shares at $2.50 each
25 00 1001b 62 11 00
5 00
5 00
P. W. RESSEMAI»,
Cen. Pass. Agent
- $j(«€2 62
Selling Out I
-CR-
1029 46 809 36 284 20 30 88 7092 42
By drawing account...................
“ making account ...................
“ factory expenses..................
“ freight $7.20 ; bank exchange $24.68......
id patrons for 1182070 lbs milk at 60 cent*
See Sec 836 of —
HONG KEE,
pa
$7246 32
CHINESE LAUNDRY,
Balance to credit of Factory. ...........
Total railk received during season,.... 1182070—over 591 tens “ cheese sold “ cash received for cheese Average price for cheese. ...62-3 cents Average milk fer 1 pound of cheese...
916 30
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Co !
We Mean Business !
Next door to Miss A. McRae s
116623—nearly 68 tons
$10016.62.
10 15
I 1 Mat- Thompson, 44 Herb Armstrong, I	work o{ 8,1 kiBdk «V»*> ™ ÛM
2	Charles Palmer, 46 T Bade# (Henry's) | we £nd that I IJ B Armstrong, 46 Vemey Bad es,
3	George McCagg, 47 Albert Smiley,
4	H Elliott, (& Son >48 Henry Hopper
5	Robt Harris, 49 Robt Telford
paying off one half of the loan raised for building purposes 11 allow the patrons that aie not stockholders 2 cente more for their milk,
Kitice
we can sti
making 62 cents per hundred
The auditors’ report shows that the business of the Factory has been found in a | 6 Wm Bennett, satisfactory condition. Cash in Bank, $407.23
Mr. C. A. Pearson has cffered Santos-Dumont a prize of £4,000 for so airship voyage from London to Birmingham.
The citizens of Belfast have decided to erect a stitue of the late Lord Dufferin :n front of the new City Hall
The British Government intends to abolish the half gins, | Do* imposed on
News that Andres was killed by Eskimos in the Fur North is ontirmed by Hudson Bay Company s messengers.
I	50 James Hanna,
7	Trueman Draper, 51 J J Dagg, his pro-
8	Simon Barber, s	petty.
9	James Warren, 52 James H
10	James P Carson, 53 Thos Dagg jr
11	Andrew Sly.	54 Elliott Jones,
12	John J. Hodgins, 56 Albert Cone,
13	Alex Bean
H. H. ELLIOTT, President. H. A. HODGINS, Secretary
arris
Shawvilie, March 12, 1902
ARMSTRONG BROS
56 Alfred. Murphy 13£ Henry Maitland,67 John Kelly.
JaktisstimsîSiTfttir-ViiSîsu gSR3G SfSêh
and receipt# being examined and corresponding with books. Also report laid before 17 E T Brownlee,	61 Richard Ralph,
Directors we also find correct. Respectfully submitted.	18	Wm. Findley,	62 David Moore,
g mggggggg$gggggggg|gl9 Robt. Hobbs,	63 D B Stevenson,	,
20	Robt. McDowell, 64 S Hamilton,	The legal complications surrounding
21	John Belsher, 65 Wm Dale, (Edw ) the Panama Can»l offer makes its ac-
ektodtii.jokJktfl Jamera M&ren, g" b, the Uoited St.ta.rery
23	John B. Corrigan.68 Given to No. 6
24	Robt J Wilson,	Wm Bennett, Decrees hse been published at Berlin
26 JaTWilson,llW4th70 James Vforkman. hou^ 'hhv^v ^	abolilion of
Berlin, March 12.-General Methuen, 27 Wm H Armstrong 71 Given to No. 6	î"***	^ ^meroons and
who was British military attache at Berlin	Togo colonies.
foom 1877 to 1881, made many friends no Wm C Horsefleld. " Eades ^ The British admiralty officials deny the while here. Among the stories related of 31 Given to No. 30 73 To Andrew Sly, «port circulated in the United States of him is that upon one occasion when he 32 George Dagg. 74 Added to 214 Alex the sinking of a torpedo bout destroyer was going to the palace to visit Emperor 33 W B McKmght,	Workman, in the English channel.
Mr-‘"ST w lSs&
child. The time required to change him %? James Telford, clothes made him late at hi# audience 38 T Dale, Shawvilie
AUDITORS’ REPORT
penny par pound duty West Indian sugar.
•j
LADYSMITH.
(Signed) R. L. Whitman, 1 “ H. Lano, J
Auditors
(A true copy) Shawvilie. 26th Nov. 1901
un
Gen. Metheun Was Released
expected
BRAVE METHUEN
WAR SECRETARY MAKES AN IMPORTANT
STATEMENT.
Your
London, March 13—The war secretary,
Mr. Brodrick announced in the house of commons today that he understood that General Methuen, who was captured and severely wounded by General Delaroy Msrch 10, had been released and was expected to arrive at Klerk#dorp, South-
commandant had been postponed be- j iaDtii o^hia coat * rescue meda un the Moved hy Coun James Wilson, sec by *#D 7 men.
cause consideration of the evidence to be p	'	Coun Wm Hodgins, that Johh Smiley, J. J McCusick, of Duluth, while talk-
presented hid not been completed.	------•------ Thomas Prendergast and W C McDowell ing at a telephone, was killed by an elee-
London, March 13.—A brief telegram, Doeen’t Like the Wooden Leg. | be aud are hereby appointed Valuators trie shock communicated through the
dattd Helbron, Msrch 11, reports that	---- for the ensuing term.—Carried.	instrument from crossed wiresggggg
General De Wet and ex-president Steyn A young and well to do farmer living | Moved by W A Hodgins, see by Coun Benatoie Tillman and McLaurio of crossed the mainluslwonightspreviou3ly,	not far from	the	6th	concession of I F Thomas, that R W Ralph be and is	Sonth Carolina, enlivened the proceed-
6ve miles north of Wolvebovk, going west.	Augusta, Ont.,	is	about	to apply for a	hereby appointed universal Rural Inape©-	iuga of the Senate at	Washington bv a
It is assumed here that this means that divorce from his wife, Sarah, on the tor in the Municipality for the ensuing rough and tumble fight.	* J
General De Wet ia trying to join General ground that ehe has an artificial leg, a year, as the Council is of opinion that	*
Delarey. Wolvehvok is about twenty fact ihat he was not aware of until last °ne man is capable to attend in this C?W	Belle-
mile' south of the Veal river, and a ff-rce week, although the couple have been ! Municipality.—Carried unanimously.	°es 8,ven birth to triplets, Two
going west ward from that place would g<> married over throe years. The know-1 Board op Health.—John G Arm *re very lively, wore ih<; third is rattier straight to Kîerkedorp and General De ledge that his wife was a "limber i strong in place of Wm Fades; Robert	. B is thought that they will live.
la rey# country. A march of about 120 toe*1 came about by a cellar door being I McJanet in place of Richard Dagg; Wm P “8 tnP *** *re ^eaticajly marked being	_____________________________*______
miles wo* d bring the force to the scene loft open and the lady stepped into Corrigan ro-elected, also James Hart,	white. .	K
of Gere Methuen's reverse, but before space, thereby fracturing her game limb. Consulting Physician, Dr Alexander.	Paper rockings are shortly to come on E3^ Wô glVG all rflnftjrg OUT DBrSODal Supervision
General De Wat can join the victorious The unfortunate woman lost her left The above appointments move! by F the market. The paper it is said i*	i	• m .	*	iT l zv *.
commandint in the western Transvaal he leg through an accident eome yeaie or ao i Thomas, sec by Jas Smith.	twisted into a sort of twine rouhgeried	&BU guarantee Satisfaction OF yOUF IDODOy DUCK. UUt
""	“•	%%Saz	Uwt	of	e,erT	10	spoiled	9	are	spoiled bj Inoompet-
A UleKr,n. wnt from HrCor» Tu««1»y	wouderrd why she iumled	on wearing »	"inn Arras-rong be are hereby appointed	t0 , hose. With peper	.locking, nt fir#	6Mt	Watchmakers—DOt	by	tho	Wearer»,
reports thstlhj British columns are in stocking on that leg when rs'.iring at Auditors for the ensuing term—Carried, cents a pair, as we ate promised, the	J
touch with Da Wet and 8 ley ne, and night, and she explained tho matter that Poundkeepers laid over.	! time wasted weekly in darning would at
lonscquent'y renewed fighting may be she was subject to cramps.	|	H Mathison, Sec-Treae. any rate, be saved.	*
The Bialey team will leave for England _0	,	„ on Juue 14th. The annual matches of
/8 Rich liicliaitison. j the Dominion rifle association will
mence at Ottawa on August 26th.

Watch
Needs
Cleaning
V
com
Y arm
A

f
o
If K has not been cleaned inside of 18 Sentes.
WHYTE - THE WATCHMAKER - SHAWVILIE.
.
