###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION

No. 22*
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, DEC.
17ni Year
*1.00 a Year in Advance.
IWU
<,
Death’s Harvest
tli of
n.l Mr. Hod-
that a railway
mill
gins was <|nick t
r built on that lin
The afflicting hand of th has l»uc*n laid heavily upon tuveral hull fluids in this neigh borhu.nl during thejcoi |ms* week, causing vacancies in happy tin tu unes, and bringing grief tu many del hearts i hat the halm of fm*'. tfulm* .s will The company \ take long to assuage. <>Id and ru- pected to thi i oil residents of the conimut ity have passed in getting away to join the ever increasing l inks of ( wh -n hy (!, the silent majority, and the phe us that change tlie 1 knew them so long and Well, will know way on tl them no more forever; ami thus is tuHilled Shaw\ ill-*, their parts in the drama of the uni verbal	When
destiny of I Inman kin 1
It
t
in
t
Hvntl Ollice Ottawa 4 nvinrin,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000.00 Host...................$1,170.000. U0
Mile. ||
1
i a
OF CANADA.
CAPITAL - . - $0,000,000. RESERVE FUND. - 2.000,000.

village, il the imp;
•i survey should ahili? y of u line, nu ' in addition H" loin.. • u. eroded
Iwanl of Id rectors : Chaules Maukb, Esq., President ( ¦ bo roe May, i. sq. , Vice-President
Hon. Gev. lînvan», Jr Alex.	E«g ,
d
I
The Reliable Bargain House.
ÉÉ
n VI
t •nfli'-ii n amount company was iti'»n anil const
I
>
Head Oflier, • Montreal.
John M \ : io k, F q Panii* MaiLatus, I:kq
« v« I to lie i
running through
1>I NNI3 MVHl II Y, l-ij
I

J)
n eo nor nr un
l>. M. FINN 1 r
Uonrr.il Mitnnger,
kiiawvilm: braxcii.
>1
or
1st
n v»oi
Money Ion nod on approved security at reason a hie rates.
Farmers not» s bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS 15 A NIC.
Accounts opened tor amounts of one dub lat> and upwards and Interest allowed.
Okfk'k Horns 8 XT vu days .
v. a given out Hudgins tendered and
A UF.XEItAL nANKINO 1 1 1NK..S TRANSACTED.
Ml
ill
II
I contracts mil* s wliii Ii he lu i 71. h

«ggi. gating t wenty ns.-ifiilly performed. (	»r parliamentary hon-
'!' <>rh in Oj,posit, m to the Into John I’oii-
imlidatc in this
Draft* i-'sm-î on nil Baukln ion, United Stales and Great
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
Sums of |1 and v.pward* rc-Mved 1 i Savings Department. Inter » -t credited half yearly.
Office Iloura 10 a. m. tu 8p. i;i. Saturday 10a.m. to i>. m.
er^’n ta Rritaii .
In the P inlii-
TIMHKKT ARMSTRONG.
event, which it heroines 01 wid duty to chronicle under thi i head, is tlie demise of Mr. Unhurt Armstrong, a highly respected resident «>f Clarendon, who was called away mi Friday evening last, at the age of b'J years. His death occurred after a comparatively brief illness, at I poer Thorne centre, whiHier he had removed some time ago to take up residence with his suns who carry on business there. His death oc curred peacefully, at live o'clock in the evening, after every efl’ort in the way of medical skill and assiduous attention had been exhausted, in the vain hope of sf lying the destroyer's hand.
The funeral took place on Sunday leav-Sinco last issue, in which appeared a ing deceased's late residence at 1 1 o’clock, notice of the death of Thomas Wilson, thence to the cemetery in this village, Eiijr., we have gathered some additional and the very large concourse <»f sympath information regarding the career of the 1 otic friends, who followed the remains to
(Fort
The ti
CHRISTMAS SHOPPING
pore, being the first county since ( 'onfederation t«> offer in the reform interest. He was voc ite of TempiT.tnue and in the various
prohibition in the county, always polled in Clarendon for the cause was largely the result of his untiring industry and zeal in its behalf.
In religious convictions, he was a member of tlie < hurvh of England, hut withal pf.sM ssing a generous sympathy for every
effort for the advance of religion, acc pt-	m •
itii/yz	w e are ready for a big1
tional Sabbath School l nion, always
throwing the weight of his influence in	/^U	—1
favor of that admirable institution. Any	X 1 fe L/jfli CÎ S JL P^QGi
enterprise or any scheme that had for its aim, the welfare of the people in religion,
....................flSSîSit	ISÜiBBli A Big store full of Bright
izssaezs	New Goods.
rss	AnsAsz	EEHiEEHEir I-	,
Read our announcement
S. A. Mackay, Notary Public, has re-1 He also constructed what, ia known at the ; aence, their respect for the memory of ! llot by done during the events that led m> sullied the practice of his profession in Thorne (iovernment road.	i the deceased. The usual o!rices fm the p, the war whenever the Oucen «/ave her	j,	i	i
ZTV&sst,IwKSAAM-»*£:!œs	1 next week, and
Don’t forget that we are
?k T,m *• °unJec‘ * A,1C • ,‘5La vî of whom were relatives and others were deepest sympathy of the community. than visibly appeared, the number who	_
trie 1 unes.	1 not; yet all were brought up with the	- leaned upon James Hudgins for advice, for	^
The brethren of L. O. L., No. 29,1 «»“>« degree of care and thoughtfulness,	JAMES HUDGINS.	ot'lu’r wav ' "i ' h> !• w'i I h mi" shim* a ml '	OUy I 11	I O UL1 LX1 y •
Iladford, will hold nil entertainment im i aa •hey had been hie own.	Died at Shawville un Dec "ml IK'Ht miss him Iwllv, and are ready to say : “A
Tuesday evening next, 12th in.t. Ad	-?-- James Hodgins, in the 7Jrd year of !iis «rent mn" in fsmel hath f,llk:'1
mission five.	I	Wodding Bells.	,llfv	“	Thou art gore to the grave but wo will not deplore
rrowti ititl «laikniHs encompass the tomb ;
The Kavic ir lms passed through its portals before
t her.
And the Lamp • f His Low i.s thy guide through the
gloom."
The sorrowing one** left to mourn would fain also say :
•* Sweet cup of sorrow î I w mid drink Hire !
Cup of unearthly wine, as thy lip touches mine,
1 would bethink me :
Christ mvjoy and h »j*r one" drained a bitterer cup.
Let me then drink thee up.''
For :
10 AM.T 10 A M. TO 1 1\M.
F. A. I*A UK Kit, Manager
r. M
i **tauneh ad
11tests f
the largev
I invc you tried Dvwd’s “ 11 gh Loaf Flour Î
LOCAL NEWS.
I want every one to know that now is the accepted time to buy 205 acres of giound, with Quyon river running across it; 80 acres cleared
Are you using Dowd’s Flour?
Additional locals on In4 jingo
Apply to Richard l)agg, Bristol Ridge P. O
Soft water supplied at 10 cents a barrel.
GEO. CATER
Miss Maud Marlin, of Navin, and Mias Nellie Waleh, <»f <Juyon, are the guests of Miss Bertha Walsh.
Wednesday next—Die. 13—is the date of the regular quarterly session of the County Council.
ihiy
Special Sermon —Rev. II. War
The season for killing deer in this section of the Province closed on Thursday last—a month earlier than last year
This means that a very large number of 110,1 wa9 the marriage of Mi deer will escape the pet hunter’s rifle, j Richardson, of Radford, to Miss Ann and therefore result m increasing the ^ane« eldest daughter of Mr. George Tel* number next year,—providing, always, ford, of Clarendon. The ceremony was that the law is respected. And an effort performed at S . Paul's church at 10.30, will be put forth to have it respected. by \ en. Arch. Naylor, after which the
Tkougl
An item which Tub Equity did not get hold of last week in time for public»
Samuel
The life .lames Hudgins was horn in
County Tipperary, Ireland, in 182b, and
came to this country with his parents in
1831. Ho win one of a family of 12
children-*9 sons and 3 daughters
the brothers, four yet, remain Edward,
a merchant of Shaw ville; Richard, retired
.... t .	. . ,	. Al , farmer; Ralph, brick manufacturer; Adam,
bridal party returned to the home of the „ f^mer-all residing in the vicinity of
bnde d parents, where Co quests sat down Shawville. His father dying when most to «sumptuous dinner In the afternoon of thu chiidrun were very young, the f:,m-the young couple and their friends depart a lvas thlwn „u its „wn res iutcea and ed h,rthe residence of the groom, neat the deceased often referred with pride to Radford. Here the number of gueete the first money he earned by chopping was increased to about 80. and they ail 1:ind f,.v the late Robert t'arr. I a 18% contributed to making the afternoon as ,.e married the estimable l i ly who sm-near y like an o.d-time wedding as w,s vivM tl) miHlm |,is loss. H.ibuil- the !„g possible. After tea the fluors were clear- house that at,sal until very rewn'it in ed and a right good time of merry ...ah- l]u. west end of thu village. Seven el.il
Mr. L. D. Davis has just returned from fantastic toe ’’ was an important”feature, dr“n *umro tllc,r f,lt,u,r—>larw’ n trip to Calumet Island where ho says lie became general, and continued till after dehorned for Mr. Jerry Shea 2t> year old midnight. The guests then took leave Fteers, the best he has seen this season. 0f Mr. and Mrs. Richardson, but not He also dehorned 24 cows and calyes for forgetting to leave behind them, however, the same P"rty. During the past week good wishes in abundance for the future he dehorned 198 head in all, and has 3 prosperity of the young couple, mid n weeks’ work in pro pact. L. D. says near- tangible ‘proof of their esteem fur the f ly every farmer, who has seen the bene bride, in the f, mu of a host of nice wed ticial effects of dehorning is adopting the clin^ presents, of which the following method.	I |jst :
J. H- SHAW.
Of
What might have been a serious accident is reported to have occurred on the Portage du Fort road about a week ago. it seems three young people, whose names for obvious reasons are w ithheld, had the misfortune of being precipitated from the buggy in which they were driving, into a deep, dark ditch, through the inattention of the Jvoung man who handled the ribbons. No damage resulted, liowcv t he young man on whom the responsibility rests is admonished to he more careful iii future.
Beyowl the smiling and the weeping,
Wu shall be soon
B.v nul the wakingan«l The sleeping, LVyoifl the sowing and tin* reaping,
We shall he soon
15. yowl the parti? g axel the meeting.
\V< shall he soon
D yon 1 the far.-tv |l and the greeting, Iky del thiji puls, 's fev. r btatmg.
We shall he soon,
>*, Rest, and Home ! Sweet Hope !
Lor 1; tarry led but come !"
ed the remains to Craig's church grave- room to have “ twa draws " or was the yard. Rev. W. Williams conducted the other fellow in some quiet corner (
Good night friend.
<*r : hut
funeral mervice.
Wm. Bind, wo arc glad to hear, is slowly recovering from the injuries received in the accident at the saw-mill at
!
Sans Ceremonie.
fu ne ml to k pi
noon. \ short service of praise and prayer Î5. 1 it the liou.M* hy Rev. Mr. Whitcdde, and * m tlie church and at the grave the services . were # w lifted l»y Vw. Ar* hdeaeon Nav-1 lor ed hy Iie*v>. Kiliott and Baldwin
ncplie'
Davis,
11am ; A
R lward : Aust m the I Bertie «grande
ried the hoiv. tin* pall Lyon, R. :IC\ Rit« iiie. Win. Clarke, W I*’, Armstrong, .lames Cut Ida-rt son and -I T. Putt toon.
Needless to sav an hiimen-e nsseinhl v
on Mondav after
eldest, married to V. 1». Taggart, of Or-i taw a city; Sarah Jane, married to W.
Hod gins, of Y arm ; William, ownei the “ lîuid farm. Portage du Fort
Fli'/'i, married to (ieorge Hynes, of Shaw ville; Fannie, married to Andrew Hod gins, proprietor of the Pontiac woolen mills; Dr. James, resident of Cnion < itv, -Pennsylvania; George Frederick, youngest, proprietor of one of the largest
YMAC CUTMT/HMMCUT	I BrlUv-, mother, re.l and white qui"	departmental stmvs in Pontiac.. in tin-
ÀillAo hNItHlAInPfJtNI.	Brid«’* father, white bed spread.	hn,t few years ot Ins married lit
.Mr-	and
The Methodist Sunday *}f A%%%%ntfte^not 6 dlSh‘	kept a small store; then he moved to that from all parts gathered to ratify hy their
School Will have their Miss La vin» Telford, pair vases.	line farm on the fourth range, which he presence 1 heir respect lor i he departed and
Christmas Entertainment	T1!*0.,hk	,Il,lt‘har,L ¦’v"‘"-lth> fo,^,u mournerSl
on Monda. V evening*. 25th	poles a ml pair towels.	Ill lhbJ, he built thu solid brick house.
,	pi epui eu v«y u ^ Mr anti Mrs Ned Iloruer, granite kettle.	house building in those days, and for its
PxnPnV^riPC Funth	ny mefirt'MSS»»"?» S'	c'lt“'e ^factory results he was imlebt-
Oe expect ea. rUPiner an- Mrs Ralnh Horner, pair to welt.	ed to an English brick maker who had
nouncements next week.	curtain,. recently cm,u to the settlement and who
Mr Thom,, Ba.ulkn,,h. went ,e.t
ISSlil SE-” itiiif
mm### WEE ####:
F	Mr and Mrs Torn Eudes.parlor table.	gave up lumbering and turned Ins cner-
At this time of year the country news-1 Mr*. It. Coughlin,cheese dish.	gies into other lines. Along with other
paper man expects those who owe him 1 r Huêeraml'plaïe.“‘ •'* t;,naCl,P au(1 engagements, he secured a contract with for his paper to come down with the Mr and Mrs John Stewart, pair towels.	the late Joseph Aunioud to draw shanty
“ spons,” and there are some people, who, Te/ford! porrUUe set.^6 lf waler pllcher' supplies in the winter season. This work knowing this, do not disappoint. But Mrs T Hod kins, coffee pot.	he performed for that lumberman for 21
there are a good many others who allow a m «nda^ Ho < 1 g In *,\e a pot^a nd stand.	years. He put up the first saw mill fol-
tho editor to exist on expectancy till ths (jjo Met^and^arah. seVof irons.	lowed by the first grist mill in Sliawville,
following year, may he, while they sell Bella and Muriel Mec, China cup and sau- and the store which he started in those
their products, and put the cash away Hl1Hle Richsrdson.Cblnacup uni saucer. years has developed into the great dedown in the heel of their stocking for a Fred Ri bardson, half doz stiver tea spoons, partmental store which his youngest son rainy day. Some even keep this kind of Alfrvtye^r1<nut t'Mcnifo111* bulttir dl8h and sil* has so successfully conducted the past-treatment of the printer up right along Rophta Brownlee. bread toaster.	few years. When the late L. R. Church
for three or four years until he gets tired Diana Brownlee, syrup pitcher.	represented Pontiac in Parliament, the
and sends a bailiff after the delinquent, Jf*and°Mrs R workman! flower vase.	Quebec Government decided on more
and then somebody gets hurt—in the Eddie and J Hodglns. haifdoz glass dishes. thoroughly systemizing its forestry depocket. We have been driven to this Mr and^Mrs^ASmllejr, pair towela and table partment, and Mr. James Hodgins was
course several times but we don’t want to Hr LeRoy. set of Irons;	appointed Forest ranger of Pontiac,
repeat the dose if we can help it. Yet Ned %rothy TeifoN, set of gtama.	which position he held for a few years.
want our money; we want it badly, j^oidel p*ir ofvls#e.de lea|K>t-	When the Pontiac railway was under
and we require it now. See I	Nellie Wataon, China pitcher.	survey the line was located about one
BRISTOL
Long Lake.
Miss Drummond, {packer at Acres’
<cl o !, spent Sunday with friends in Bristol.
The Misses C. and L. Claiko, who have 11 been spending a few days with Miss ,	. .
Ebert, returned io their home in Lard ley
on Saturday morning.	! A cah 13 8!,on be moderated to a new
After all the weddings in this and sur- I,a8fl r : ' ta^° t P‘aco ,* round in y countiy. it seems strange to say **10	n0." ^ Ilc. K111 al Lailjn*, Moose
that at Thornby there still remains a ‘ Mt- d!str,ct* ^ 'v* Jfcr*
Bachelor.
Bristol Township has twelve schools, nine post offices and nine churches,yet it is ali
ent it has neither a resident minister nor
at a remarkable fuel, that at pres
deceased Messrs •hard : Ralph, ><• f Ralph : Theodore son uf Adam, and son of William It., car-irvrs tiring Ur.
r » i
Fi
f i
1
I
t 13 il
Mi
DameUuniur has it that several couples are impatiently waiting for a minister, j The annual Thank offering meeting of the W. F. M. S. was held in the brick church on 24 h and was a success, notwithstanding a dark night and baa roads. The entertainment was good. The chair was very acceptably tilled by Mr. D Findly, •J Manotick. The offering amounted to 11 60.
Praise Service is still held every second Sabbath evening, each night disclosing fresh beauties in the new Book of Praise, reminding one of the lines:
Deeper dig into this mine.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
[The Eqi it y is indebted to t lie pen of Mr,.). T. Pat tison fur the foregoing obituary.]
Messrs. P. M. Farrell, L. Richardson, M. Armstrong, B. Young, Win. Elliott and R. Mitchell, were at the Otter Lake House Saturday and Sunday of last
JOHN STIUTT, Si
The death of this aged man also removes week another of t lie old land-marks of Clarendon. He departed on Sunday morning at the home of his son John, 8th range, aft a lengthy period of confinement to his bed. having reached the advanced age of 88 years. His interment took place in Slinw-vilie cemetery on Monday morning in prefence of a large number of sympathetic friends.
The Misses Lowe, Moore, Seaman, Farrell, Richardson and Armstrong, were I the guests of Mrs. George Murphy, of the Depot, last Saturday.
The Jackson Bros., representing Messrs. Ames Holden & Co., of Montreal, were at the Otter Like House Tuesday.
Mr. Rrisscll, representing Mr. Mathe-son, of Montreal, was at the Otter Lake House Wednesday.
The Dale Bros., of Shaw ville, were here last week arranging a furnace for Messrs. Roy & Sons.
Mr. Win. Kelly, of the Bay, passed here Thursday with men for the woods. There were also a lot of men went up last week for Mr. F. Murtagh and the Gillies’ Bros.
Mr. Robt. Thomson, son of Mr. John
ter
Brighter yet its jewels shine.
s. J. Knox, of Am prior has been
Mrs
visiting friends around Elmside and Maple Ridge before joining her husband in Kil-
larney, Man.
Alias J Uutlibortson of Ottawa was visiting friends in Maple Ridge lately, also her parents in Clarendon. She just returned from a trip to Scotland, where she visited besides her old home in Lanark, Glafg >w. Edinburgh, Carluke Arc. She «ays Scotlmd and England are intensely agitated over the Transvaal War, which is natural seeing po many have gone there from the Humu Land. Her voyage home lasted fourteen days, owing to bad weath-
Mr. John Hannibcrry, of Maryland is still in the Hospital at Ottawa. Latest news from him was not very encouraging.
The funeral of J. H Bell on Sunday last was largely attended. Much mys-pai hy is felt for Mrs. Bell, as he was the eldest soil of a widowed mother.
Wild Rose Lodge I. O. G. T. is still progressing. They have purchased a new organ for their use in meetings of Temple and School.
THORNBY.
Dec. 4. -The young men of our neighborhood seem to be very impatient for winter to come, that they may get away to the woods. Pvt haps this is the reawe have some men in our section
son
still bachelors.
Wo are glad to eec Serg’t Hill, of Sab i ition Array home again for a short time;
hut we have convictions that this may be Thomson, of Colltield, who is cutting saw the last visit to this place.	logs fci Messrs. Gilmour & Hughson, on
Mr. and Mrs. Crawford, of Crow Riv Pickanock limit, went down from liis er, are spending a few days with friends shanty on Friday with a badly cut foot, in this section	Mr. George Carey, of Leslie, is at pre-
Mr. James Moulton was called away sent out this way with his sawing machine, hy telegram to attend the funeral of his He was sawing for Mr. W. Moore for
brother in Drummond. Wi three days lost week.
Whilst a party of young ladies and gentlemen were enjoying themselves at a neighbour’s house a few nights ago, one of the gentlemen missed a lady, who, lie thought, ought to be amongst the others, he proceeded into another roots in which he found the missing one. He also found a partially smoked cigar which had yefsome fire on its business end. She was evidently alone. Did she go into that
er
younger
have had no particulars as to the cause ol his death.
One of tho oldest residents of Thorne, in the person of Mrs. Thoe. Rooney, passed away on Wednesday, 29th ult. Deceased had been ailing for some time She had reached the ago of 78 years, and with her surviving husband was one of the first settlers in Thorne. A Urge concourse of friends sni relations follow
Nurah
Mr. Genre Benoit, of Montreal, hae been appointed Chief of the Hull Fire Brigade,
<
1
1
A
###PAGE###2###
I TOPST-TÜRTE Y MAHSIOl I PRACTICES OF DOCTOES
fil low It to (try on, and with « »of brush remove ttv* t-owder, atul |’° H1 with ii l.athvr. If the rum h'S deeply in, and t lia above I» not live, ‘apply a mixture of tripoli, * half it* quaniiiy of powdered
.......„....esi*i«flie
ThVttliuu htmile**find^new 'mU-	°r: °r buroUh	wUb *	^-iuug.	Mr.T	"aye “»« »<“*»«• os»r»odl
chief	--- H'""" “X M>8tti,y lM	UU6	. flirn	of [h" «urgeun of the sixteenth
To try you from morn till night;	i SKIRTS AS SCAVENGER*. Kotin, u Uuaaun engineer, who [urn- tury mual avpt.ttr gtartlingly cruel
BWWd»ivV.n 'hT worldUttor' S^ur When wearing a long drama it in «» |»hem a abort .la.cript.on of the build- lbtt light of the present. ti«,.
bliaa	V	fait to hold up the top frock and let mg-	...	.	1 b'' work ia that of Ambrose Parey,
And, as tbanka for your infinite bless- t he silk underskirt catch all I he dust	I !¦*' 4	*l 1	. wbo *n lf>79, being then the much fam-
-ftt—.. « -» - -	'=	'..*£
For some day their noise will	not vex	; never see a skirl trailing on a ti t h>	the root portion funning	a t	y	established authority and held
youw	street, says an outspoken man, that l	foundation of the edifice.	Inc	vim 01	p,ac6 for so |ontf u tj,my that 7()
The silence will hurt you far more; do not also remember what, t h s fash- .jj ^ayg consequently to enter the aflerwiird It w»« *#¦«-!«# 1 • .
v,, .m*. w ..... .mu™	ïuiS;;.	I...», U»	"» "f rnZL'%%"" ^
For a sweet, childish face	nt	the	hbroad In her own sleeping apartm -nt	oh.annoys, ilu 1» tf *	«•	In h e first book he considers	tha
door,	when she gives that disease-burdened	aj|f the bedrooms, dressing rooms an	general phenomenon of the hu.lv	in
,n" '«r ¦	“ — sm-t t» vitas	Z" ,n;‘	- ™ - -»»
You’d give nil the world for just crop our or diphtheria supervene, that	...	,	Iind fiu- ** Hl 1,lg lo temperament» and hum-
this;	skirt might tell	a	story of importance rooms, the k tvhen and	oifieva.	ors he writes: “An humor is called b?
b i>r the comfort	’twill bring	you	in	to the family.	ally through the hall	and	front duo	| physicians what thing soever U limita
The wages of the Captain of the	sorrow.	If there is ivnythmg more uncom- ^ a terraced garden hanging in the , f. .	,	.	. g. ,	.	1 d
Maine are about 8100, the three mutes Send the children to bed with a kiss! fort able to look at or to handle than a	g 1 the body of living
and three engineers average St 10 each,	nice dress skirt that comes home from a.r.	lure* enclosed with blood.” Proceed-
ANOLDSOUTHERNPLANT.
Every fanner knows that it is half the! a total of #1.500. Mr. Baker will i-ay J "e™ Mamentoea. also known as Jugt think for a minute of what ran oualy turn.ahed in the laUsl mo.t. n ,a,rta. .hsLnct in color, taate, effect, battle to briny his stock through to the officers and men	every thirty	•'Spau.sh Daggers" and "Adam's Needle	be gathered in such	a	day’s expert-	style, and	occu^ed by the	different and	qualities,	namely, blood,	pkl.-gm,
steady foddering in good condition. If day. The	Maine burns twenty-two	a"d Thread." ,a a beautiful southern	ence 1	members of	the household engaged m ckoler	and	melancholy.	Exact	in	hi.
a flock of sheep comes to the burn in tons of coal daUy, and, calculating	whl°h has some interesting peou-	-*	Leu usual avocations. thus me ; subdivisions, he says: "All men ought
December, punched and scrawny, it this at three dollars a ton, the coal ‘‘aritios. For instance, when grown at	THE RETIRED BURGLAR.	l*rplexed visitor will be able to gu4«)lo think that such humors
will leave the barn in the spring th.n- bill each month will he #1,1180.	lbu “«rlh.it very seldom perfects	- un the cook st.rrmg some deltc.ously ,0 move „t aet bours of tbe dfl> ag by
ued in numbers, wiuh wool loose and	Stores fur the ship’s operation and	fle*lls- '(’his is because it is accustom-	Driven A wav From a " "1hl"	smell og s«“P. 'he chef and the sauce-	u certain peculiar motion or tide,
ready to be pulled off by the first	foods will amount to #1,000 every thir-	od, in its home, to have its flowers fer- Very Kaslly, bv .. lvry *...n	pan appearing both upside down on	Therefore, the blood flows from
Then there is an insurance	tilized by subtropical night-flying	"I never was more completely root-	Ulu ceiling I	No, not the celling, tor	Iliuib	bour of	tbtt „il(iht	tbo	lhird
more than the cost of wintering.	If	premium	of six or seven per cent on	moths. Few of our native nocturnal	ed in my life," said the retired bur-	u>. llu. , mo	ho has reached	the hitch-	hour of	the day ; choler to the	ninth
the cows come to the stable and fed-	the ship's valuation of #Jt*t),000 to be	| moths are able to sip its sweets and |	glar, "than I was once by a very smil	„„ the v. si lor will he firmly pvrsuad-	, u( lbo ,,ay. Then melancholy the
dering pinched and thin by reason of	carried. It will be seen that it will	i thus carry out the scheme nature has	hoy; though ho did have to help h in	tfd lbat it is he himself who is walk-	blood flows from the ninth hour uf
frost-bitten postures and heavy milk- eo8l between	! provided for 1L fertilization, and if » largo tin burn. Pretty nice sort of 111gi buUging head downward from the i tbe night is under the dominion of
ing, the owner need not be surprised if	„r „ . MnvT,r	cold, wet nights make the moths pre- | a house, it was .and, roussin’ around, cerlit* and much "sou sickness’’ will 1 phlegm."
haif u£ Lheaii lost) tbivir calves or t bvir	*	-	A	\	fer to go supporless rather than	1 got into (.bis small	boy s room.	1	undoubtedly	result iroui	stai tliug j
lives during live winter. Hie horses to operate	the Maine.	At the same	range the garden for its sweets, it oft-	aon»t v,low whether	he	heard me	in	uick ol the	imagination.	|
BXt> UOL usually su	iuuv<h neglected	as	the	vessel is losing her monthly	en hap[>vns that the whole creamy	.. . , •• tw, ,:.|	All ixoun	hanse il has	h id some
sther stock. The	young cattle and	warnings	^um #5,tMW to *W.W0.	spire of blossoms may fade without	be hall-though I don t b. .eve U. .	U,ugbilble experiences of	the kind
milch cows, the hogs aiwi sheep too	®	. .	.	. setting a single seed	because 1 in not, ordinarily a noisy ^ lllt) t,x^-rummal rooms which have
oiteu have to shift for themselves af- twenty-live vessels owned uy me t- |	^	^ H NI Hardinge, "the man around the house, that is, around already been built, and says the	"The an mal spirit bas taken his seat
ter recieving an armful of corn fodder lantic Transport line, which operates greenish-white flowers of this yucca olhvr .pole's houses any way—or 1 tat uc to crouch to the floor for a hold in the brain, it is called animal be-or whatever is convenient, t-siiecially between New York, Philadelphia, liai- are l«ell->sbaped and odorless and if the . ,,	,	17	, ' ,,. ,M1 llf	ul sometii.ng to keep from failing is cause it is the life, but the chief and
if the weather he cold, and that is the Umure and LüUllüIl. Mr. Raker is twilight he cold or rainy its coming whclher be tiaW lht'	h , s mpiy irresistible and grows at rung- pr mo instrument thereof
time they most uetsl the best at ten-|	„ ,,nil,nv Thrt shil)S makes little difference in their aspect. 1 t-hrew into the room for a second er uu lhe s^ctator every moment
\oung growing cat i e and	. 1 * ’	, ! But on a clear, sultry evening, soon from my lamp, but I guess it was lhe	bTRANUKST UF ALL
milch cows need shelter in cold wea- are owned by Americans, but are sail- ufter gunaet| lht, yucca shows a marked uuhl
fZ-ppp ssz tsr-ir*	-ssx. z	*'i r* "’nix&tZu sr
less feed when properly prepared in cheaply than under the Stars and and breathe forth a very penetrating lbat room 1 heard the tee-nfuest *	,U^ ..... uer and
this way. With a little roughness, Strip s. The head business office of auU characteristic odor.	blast on a t n horn J ever heard, and ™V,; "Ü„i ho7 he wi 11 not he scald-
: iBSSyBl:
Wêè 1*'^#
M,'"5.£”r os-.w b. ;£.	s œ	““ «v ™i,rru.ïï' ""
vessel thiuugti an appieciation of the (rations. The mother moth seems to "Well, you know, courage and nerve ll#xV»*riH**Iprh	*	frenzy night be carried from above
protection oifered his slaps while uu- understand that unless the pistil is and all that are very; necessary i*arts	, , e,r . „.r, INI<1 downward from the noble parts to the
‘^l8b ^ a^‘	! touched by pollen from the anthers of a man’s outfit, if he calculates to *	k!• b hi 1 1"> b l Alt l LIN »,	ig’noble.”
lhe Maine is a steel steamcL dlb	(here will be	neither seed vessels or	amount to anyih/ing ; but there are	1 hroughout the tvntire	building are	A medicine upon which he dilates ul
feet long, 40 leet wide, ana iW 1-* leet	6eedi She first bores the ovary in	times w hen no matter how much a	innumerable surprises of	tins nature,	great length is "Aiummie," referred to
depth ol hold. bhc legistered «,7N	fltiverai places and in each hole she de-	man’s got of ’em he doesn’t want to	and when the visitor tires uf these he	as the usual rennedy for contusions,
i?US .gl°S?’ra e VN,as iww7 1 <i ,v8L	posits an egg. Then she collects load	unpack ’em at all; but just wants to	may retire to the drawing room, where	and he describes it as follows:
ilartie|>ooi, i&nglano, m loo/, ane nas	uf(er |oad 0£ poiien from the anthers,	light out as fast as he can; and this	a chandelier rises from the floor, and	"Mummie is a liquor flowing	from
triple expansion engines and six uu. k	gathering it up by means of a long	seemed very clearly to be one of those	listen to the strains of "La Tzigane,”	the aroma tick embalmens of	dead
Heads. Laptaiu I redvrick atone is her	ool[ing organ	which seems to have	occasions ; because it wouldn’t be two	ur the latest tune from	the Folies-	bodies, which becomes dry and hard,”
m®^l**r* ,	been given her	for this special purpose,	minutes before the whole neighbor-	Rergere, played on the piano by some	and being ground into medicine was
Mr. k* i * one ol tne iirst cm-	thruals moat Qf this pollen into hood would be around tho house; and pay Parisienne,—head downward 1	"administered either in whole or po-
an^*haf8il	oa «ro !tbe boles with the eggs, so that it 1 started right away ; hearing the folks Un looking through the window into turn to such as have fallen from high
Mat turn ore, ami ne ia uescrioea as not	makefl warm and (jry beds for the	on that floor slamming doors open and	the grounds of the Exhibition the lat-	places, the	first	and	last medicine	of
?DJl aif!ï"'!'	grul>ti that are to be. And guided by	making a grand rush for the small	1er will appear to the observer in an	almost all our practitioners at this da
ter. rie. recei eu tue news ui tue f s* ma,vep,us instinct, she also places boy’s room as 1 went down the front	inverted position,	at the same time	jn such a case.”
Home of the pollen on the stigma of stairs. His excitement kept him	conveying to himself the strange idea SOME GUEWSOME	FEATURES.
the flower. So a a the grubs develop ablowing a second or two after they -shiire^i, moreover, by the people	,	.	grew some facts
in the seed vessel the seeds which	came, and that time was a great help,	outside—that he is, in truth, standing “	uith	t h,.	on-D iraiiun	of
serve as their food develop also, and	and then, of course, it took him a lit-	head downward 1 A magnificent view	connected	w.iu	iuc	i. v	.	.
with them so many other seeds that tie time to tell his story, and that of the Exhibition wilJ be obtained “UI?.”I,*h	„ " .7,-,. i^s men won-
srzs3r““ " - kss:	—* •• -	^	T«T.......
"Our winters are probably too severe "Rut if I did get away I suppose already been begun, the spot selected b>, “‘g,bLt	im^rvr . hem with salt
for a transplanted southern family, they must have looked on little W illie	being une of the	best in the whole	hanged and	t^m w	tn	sat
and thus most of the larvae of this as a hero; and .1 think myself that	Exh.binon, lying	a short distance	and drugs they diied	t
¦	Willie was pretty slick.”	| from the main entrance of the Place to ®ell them thus adulteratea
de la Concorde, in thw Coursla-lieine. sleai1 of true mumm.e	.
it may be safely assumed that one Wti are tbua compelled bo
SPECTACLED COWS AND SHOD 0BEMI	“Z™! Z	.5
will commence next April to flock in basest people	°hr u v nt)
issst a saz-
ed with a fall from a high place.
"1 have not thought it fit in ‘“is place,” he says, "to am t the industry of Nicholas Picart, the Uuke of t.uise, his surgeon, who being called to a certain countryman to set his shoulder, being out of joint, and finding none in the place besides the pa tien and fais wife, who mighu assist him in this work, he put the patent bound after the forementioned manner to a lader, then immediately he lyed a staffc at the lower end of the l.gature, which was fastened about the patient s arm above h s elbow, then put it lyed under one of the steps of lhe ladder as low as be could and got aatr.< e thereujwn and sate thereon with ms whole weight and at the same instant
made h s wife pluck t he stool f , der his feet, which being done the bom
airspace, which is one of the best nonconductors of heat, and these should be closed in t he coldest weather. Double sash in the windows of Ihe stable»
result in n great saving of heat has been found that one-third of the heat from fuel consumed in a dwelling house is lost by passing through the glass. And this waste is wholly prevented by doubling the sash, which is easily done by screwing a second one over the permanent one on the inside. In the spring these extra sashes may be easily removed for the summer ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I house as well as to the stables
I HOUSEHOLD.
I
y
*
Oi. the Farm.
«
^güNE OF TIE PARI 1 XPOS1T10N FEATURES.

SOMEOF THE TREATMENTS USED IN THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY.
ff
WILL BE
t%, %»
It
\U I’UMN K MS HI NT! OF FARM STOCK
V\iviv animals at this season of the year, cau got little feed except that given them, writes L). W. Thomas. This fact should be carefully noted. A horse worth $150 now may, with proper care, be worth $.V> more next spring, or fur want of such care, may be worth $50 less. So there is $100 depending upon how you taka care of one single animal for four months The same rule will apply to other animals of less value. If a farmer has $-,000 worth of live stock now, 1 mean stock that would sell for that much at a cash sale, how should he manage to make them sell for 25 per cent more icxt spring? 13y seeing that they are regularly fed and watered every day, kept in comfortable quarters, clean, dry and airy. The feed consumed and the cost of attendance may be worth so much and all above that is clear gain, besides the manure.
On the other hand, Lf the stock is worth no more in spring than now, or worth less, the owner is not fit for the business. I believe that as a rule ¦lock receive the poorest treatment of the year during the late fall and early winter
the animal should have the best care.
SKND Til KM TO U Kl) WITH A KISS.
O mothers, so weary, discouraged, Worn out with the oaves of the day, You often grow cross and impatient.
Complain of the noise and the play; For the day brings ho many vexations, So many things going amiss;
Hut mothers, wh itevcr may vex you, Send the children to bed w it h a kiss!
This of course applies to the
cen«
HOSPITAL SHIP THE MAINE
Loaned to Hu- HrllMi Governnimt by Ur. It. N. Baker, of Baltimore, lere> Ideas of the âtlaetle Tr.meporl line.
All the world has been astonished by the generosity of Mr* 13. N. Baker, of Baltimore, who has lent the American owned steamship Maine to the British government as a hospital ship in the South African war of t lie steamship has not only been offered, but all operating expenses will be paid by Mr. Baker as long as the British need the vessel. The English may also make any alterations in the construction of the ship that they deem necessary for hospital service.
ren-
in
an
its
l'he use

crea-
tive wont
the
bramble it touches and depreciated ty days
.Equally curious is lhe following on spirits, which he divides into inali," "vitall ' and "naturall:’
THE ANIMAL SP11UT.
ani-
!. Wherefore il hath a most subtile a ink aery sub-
1 Lis an.mal sprit is made
»........ -
iJk, marble bath ljra;n» brought thither sometimes of suspended Ltjn Pore air or sweet vapor drawn in
by the nose in breathing. The vital
turn
stance
the
HOW MILK FOR CITY USE IS HANDLED IN DENMARK.
Milk Supply Association, of Copenhagen, Denmark, requires each farmer supplying milk to bind himself to inquire and truthfully report every case of infectious disease occurring on his premises or among persons in his employ, the association in return contracting to pay the highest price for much milk, although it is rejected. Every cow on farms supplying milk to the association is carefully examined fortnightly by skilled veterinary surgeons as are also the stables, food, etc. Inspectors and experienced dairy maids also visit the farms to observe their management, cleanliness and methods of cooling the milk, regarding all of which there are strict regulations. The oi.ik must immediately after milking be cooled to 41 degrees, and must never be allowed to stand in the sun. Food which will flavor the milk disagreeably—such as turnips—must not be used, but carrots and mangles maybe fed in sana 11 quantities with large quantities of corn not allowed In summer, when cows must be fed in this open air on grass and clover.
On the arrival of the milk in Copenhagen it is at once' sampled by experts, its temperature noted, placed in cans surrounded by ice, and i he next moru.ng run into filtration tanks, which have three layers uf gravel separated by perforated trays, the upper layer being covered with six thicknesses of fine cloth, the whole being kept in position by a pyramidal framework, which presses down the tin trays. As the in .k rises to the lops of the tanks it passes into large storage receptacle, and thence to the bottling room, where it is bottled or canned, labelled, tied up with a thread, sealed with a laden stamp seal, and then taken to the carts for distribution, the carts being so constructed us to prevent tampering with the cans, and the milkman being in uniform
îd, steamed, and sterilized daily, and ;he filter boiled in hot water and su-aimed daily.	.
Th<
of
THE STEAMSHIP MOHEGAN
on lhe Manaclte in the English Channel by lung distance telephone at midnight at his country home in Catons-ville, a suburb ten miles from Baltimore. He deemed it his duty to go at once to the scene of the great wreck.
He hastily packed up a few valises, ordered out Ills team and drove to Baltimore, reaching the city about two in ; yucca insect perish with the freezing the morning. He chartered a Special I of the soil locomotive and car to carry him to winter evidently New York. He reached there at eight the yucca blossoms as their mother in the morning, and at nine was on the moth did before them, for in most sea-deck of a six day steamer which was sons we find a few oapsuls full-grown pulling out from her pier and headed and symmetrically formed, but with for Europe.	holes in them. Occasionally one finds a
AX hen Spain and the United States jterfeoily developed capsule that is not began hostilities Mr. Baker lent t be Missouri to the United States government under the same conditions on which the Maine has been lent to Great Britain. She was operated by her regular officers and crew at an expense of thousands of dollars every month for nine months. Between August, 1898, and May, 1899, she carried	wounded and sick soldiers
from Cuba and Porto Rico to the United States. Twenty-seven died during the voyages and twelve were buried at sea. but hundreds were saved.
The Navy Department having made a regular hospital ship of the Missouri, i«ho government purchased her last June, and she is now on her way to Manila to bring home the ill and injured.
were
XX hereupon
Some few survive the and make use of
i
Tar and sa ml Hake llu* « rml lor llu* Feel-Cattle on Hie Ku>»lan Mrppri.
In Bohemia when geese are to be driven long distances to market they are shod for the journey of shoeing is as simple us it is effective.
Stall feeding .s
pierced, showing that the yucca receives visits, few and far between, from some nocturnal guest which fertilizes the blossoms without marring them. But many -seasons no efficient callers visit the flowers and no capsules form at all."
i
PROSPEROUS FRENCH PEASANTS. To gel a correct idea of t he French
The mei bod
nation one must abandon Paris and get The geese are m ule to walk re; eat- UUL among the peuple of the provinces edly over patches of tur mixed with Raria is a sinkhole of rottenness, but This forms a hard crust
ihv people who dwell outside that
to modern Gomorrah are sound and up-ligbi and patriotic,. living wholesome and useful lives. When you get out in the rural districts a charming sight is presented of beautifully cultivated farms, each farm being as trim and neat as a flower garden is not a foot of waste land to be seen The first thing that strikes a strange! is the profusion of fruit
can b
peaches and grapes
sa n d
their feet, which enables them travel great distances without
on
CHRISTENING PARTIES.
Babes born the tail end of this century are particularly fortunate inasmuch as it is a charming and popular custom to shower dainty gifts upon the little strangers; but the latest wrinkle is to give a christening pariy.
followed by a large reception after the ceremony. It is now the very latest idea to give each guest a charmingly dainty box of chocolates tied with gay ribbons and the baby monogram in gold on the box. The color chosen for the ribbon is the one selected by the mother for baby s wear, and they may be of the costliest descript ion and serve as a dainty memento of the day.
be-
coming sore-footed.
Even mure useful than shoes geese are the spectacles worn by the cows that feed on the Russian ste|>-Forty thousand
cattle are now to be found in that region where the snow lies white for six months in the year.
The cattle pick up a living from the tufts of grass which crop above the The sun shines so dazzlingly upon the white surface that many of the an mile formerly suffered fn.ru,
Then it occurred to! Traveling Journalist,
for
There
sped a cj|vd

un-
Nowhere
seen more luscious [wars
snow
ROUGH ON THE LEECHES.
Leeches when allied to persistent cigarette smokers drop off dead, distinct traces of the dangerous empyreu-' matic oil given off by tobacco being found in them same experiment tried upon excessive pipe smokers resulted in no apparent injury to the leeches.
and
I'm, b""1
Ss:.-VJr'&arrrss-"5
physicians.
DON’T ALWAYS RISE
snow-blindness some humane person to manufactur smoke-colored spectacles for the
in Dugout
.*—1 presume an editor of u pap, i n a boom.ng Western town is pretty pt to rise, isn’t he f Editor
The cans are scald-

¦	cat*
He tr od t h experim< i . and it
was successful ed mu oh suffering
tie
Strangely enough, the
phe animals are sav-
Diiiiy Boomer—N-o, not nl ways. Sometimes the lynchers don’ ha va any rope, and just shoot
•TWAS EVER THUS.
You often meet a charming *irl Who ie both young and pretty. Who possesses graoe and money, And ia sensible and witty.
But alaa ! you very seldom meet Her in thia world of strife,
Until too late—end abe Is tied To eome other ob*P Jifa*
TO REMOVE RUST FROM STEEL
Knives and steel ornaments may hi
quickly and easily cleaned and freed
fro-m rust by the following recipe : Buy from a chemist a little crocus powder, and mix with it, to the consistency of a fine paste, some turpentine. Huh this well into the knives or steel,
PREPARE THE BARN FOR WINTER.
It will now bo a timely thing to do. Fill the windows with glass wherever this has been broken. The barn should be provided with tight shutters outside which will be a great protection against the cold, making a dead
NO USE FOR BARBERS
ON THE RIGHT SIDE
SCHEDULE TIME
Customer, in barber’s chair—So
ba ron /* me. an zu l nvffer batron ;ze deal.
you
In Jewish marriages the bride is al-
ways placed to the right of t he bride-
With every other nation of
g i pom
ths world her plane in lb* ceremony it on the left.
Conductor—1*11 start on time to-day l ain t got much appetite.
###PAGE###3###

&: i MM
X
TOMMY ATKINS' CLOTHES
Floriculture.
mins for eiih up he
exinting ut Ms fe king it is stated I bat
two ladies, the wife and dat ghter of u
railway employe, have absolutely refused tu go into I he women s laager, and 11 m both are good ahots, and have their own Lee-Mt-tfurda they are capable of taking care of thorn selves.
A troop of volunteers is being raised
in Loudon for service in the Transvaal.
The corps will be self-supporting and
not coat the Government anything. The minimum subscription for members is £150. The offices of the committee, who are making the arrangements are 231 Shaftesbury avenue.
JOTTINGS ABOUT THE WAR
hlH meaningless pocket! hat and fea-thtiie of the last century, and in his very expensive coat, besmeared both before and behind with gold lace.”
i
ABOUT THE DROUGHT
A sudden stir among leaves,
And little murmurs from the widowed grass,
The hurried trumpet call of wi.ada—the roll
Of God's great drums across the echoing hills,
And uniformed in gray, with glittor-
NOW HAS ONE UNIFORM FOR PEACE AND ONE FOR WAR.
¦r n<ir»n'j Appear m# Ciurgi-eui When Me Meet* In#» M«. r, Who |.ook« la %‘aln fur n Iteil I nal Target.
Cable despatches from South Africa have noted that the livers miss the red Coats which they had found useful as targets and imagined inseparable from the British army. They did not know that, profiting by her many "little wars," England had learned to clothe her soldiers in keeping with the climate they have to bear and the work they are called upon to do. While • II the pomp of pence is preserved for "Tommy Atkins'* at homo, because, be likes it for its display, despite its discomfort, the men in the field' are rationally dressed in loose and easy kk.ku.
While the British army is dependent on voluntary enlistment, many of its lending officers have said that, it must retain the finery which the private likes for it» own gorgeousnesd and •till more for the attraction it has when he goes a-courting And so, although recent years have worked u colossal reform in the fighting clothes of the British soldier, uniforms of the old picturesque type are still preserved for purposes of duty and pageantry at home.
ITEMS THAT WILL BE READ WITH
MUCH INTEREST.
i suppose there is no mure popular mode of obtaining money fur charity, than by getting up a fair or bazaar, writes a correspondent. People who aie asked to subscribe to some good work or other will often hesitate over a dollar or two, but they will spend many times this sum at the booth or stall and will often contribute useful and
the maiden
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
InrhlrulN In I on ncr lion ii'llh I hr Troop* Irani Hrllaln The I .ail l.nalMi I rr« mmin la See hinyi'r.
Some men consider fly-fishing reel ¦port.
A finished gentleman is one some coquette has doue up.
Home folks run away to get married and some run away to get unmarried.
An acrobat may be unable to nj>-preciate a joke, yet he is quick to tunable.
Some women marry just to see what kind of fool husbands men will make, to the Liverpool Corporation Tram-
Fort unately the average man over- way stud have been requisitioned for looks a lot of sins be is capable of service by the War Office, committing
The cost of living in Cape Town has
risen 26 per cent, during the lust fortnight.
mg spears,
The Regiment of Raindrops marches Lack,
Arid all the world grows beautiful again
All the soldiers who wont out by the Kinfauns Castle were inoculated against typhoid on the voyage, tiomr two hundred horses belonging
pretty articles.
It is always a question how to dress the stall holders and how to designate Corps, attach'd to the 21th Middlesex | various stalls. 1 uzn rather iired Rifle Volunteers, have left London for 0/ •« Nationalities,” and " Old Time Cos-
the Cape. The corps la composed mala&:! -- «—»- ¦ ** — m«*n Their duty, as the names of the Mid give moie. hcui>c tur ui igiiiahty.
corps implies, is to keep open postal Each booth slinuld be named after a communication with the various places f|uvver all<i j^ve luge baskets of the occupied b, British force,.	flowe,. huuglllg trum the pole, at the
The dresses of the stall holders
main body of the Post Office
Th«
Ella Wheeler Wilcox
tturn's 1 have been done to death Per
MY WINDOW GARDEN
At the rear of the entrance hall of my home is a small bay-window about four feet wide and eight feet long, writes Elizabeth Flint Wade. The window us an addition to the house, and the opium# into it, is not, as is ally the case, the length of the window. It is three and uue^half feet in width, just that of the original window of which this is an expansion, so f1 o
One of the new Volt automatic
guns, rai*ihie of firing a minimum of 4OU shots a minute, is due Lu arrive at Durban early this month.
The Orange Free State has commandeered two resident English doctors,
Messrs. Did we II and Rams hot ham, to assist their Ambulance Cori*s.
The Coldstream Guards rejoice In the
jjosseHsiou of four brothers with the
appropriate name of Battle. All four left with that regiment for the front.
When the Durham Light Infantry left Aldershot, Lady Audrey Duller
distributed paper and reading matter in every c >uvur. mont of the train.
The Devonian Club his telegraphed
to the commanding officer of the let
Devonshire ; "Every man, woman, and child of Devon is proud of you all. The 2nd are com ng."
jhe ilojiie Government is bearing the whole of the cost of the armed assist -
A head of hair is about the only thing that is equal to more than the sum of lis parts.
When some people feel run down i hey acquire the bicycle habit and run others down.
side
should ue as simple as possible aft*1 Double-flowered cherries are among tho Kut„ Greenaway type, as these may
our handsomest flowering shrubs <>r be mB(ie lu MUll 1<L(11,.d of all ages sad small trees, the weeping forms being
UHLL-
DOIJBLE-FLOXVE11ED C1IEIUUES
True charity originates in the heart and escapes by way of the pocket book.
A ui a n is apt to a how that he has been drinking by trying hard not to show it.
It is said the Japanese never swear. When a Jap gets mad he goes out and slams the door.
If some people were to save all the time thoy lose by hurrying they would have lots of leisure.
are simply charming for children particularly graceful. A new variety ; Moreover	urti very inexpensive
which received a first-class cert ficate	,	,
from the Royal Horticultural Hociety “uJ be eila“> m,lde ul hum' at London exhibition last May is children and gills should have gowns
named James H. Veitch; the flowers of white muslin, w.th huge bashes just are unusually large, very double, and uuder tiiti arma tl(id iu a bow at the bright pink iu color ; the plants bloom while tin y are very small, so that this shrub is likely to be grown in jkjIs by florists.
bay window is in reality a tiny room by itself. 1 use it in winter for a miniature
Both
conservatory, and stock it with
plants which best bear the uncertain
Last winter
temperature of a house hack, bonnets or hats of quaint sbains, i,)Steati 0f filling it with blossoming
laden with their typical ilowers, and plants, 1 devoted it almost entirely to
^ i •••¦H tilings growing.*1 Eoliag® plants, begonias and ferns formed the staple products, whue eveiy available
suitable for such plants
a big bunch of the same fastened to
Shoes, stock-

STOOP SHOULDERS.

the front of the dress
and mitts must also be white. t»jt"o/
gowns can be was used for vines
1 had some plants which are not usually cultivated indoors. In the nut umn I went to the wood# and brought home dels, and a po.->y of flowers in liout. bepaticas, blood root, bed-stiaw, wild
he one on geraniums and Juck-in-the-pulpit bulhs.
These 1 potted and put them in the cellar for three or four weeks before
of acclimatis-Iii a week
PAPER PILLOWS.
Pillows stuffed with paper are being recommended for use in hospitals and schools. The paper mtiHU not he out into small squares, bin into stripe three or four in lies long and a quarter of an inch wi le ; it should then be curled with on*- blade of a pair of scissors, like a fea;her. Such pillows are very comfortable.
DISREGARDS DISCOMFORT.
Writing some ten years ago. Lord Wulseley, advocating a differentiation between the uniforms of pe ice and war, said:—"We must make the soldiers’ clothing acceptable to the men who have to wear it, and, strange to say they like very tightly fitting cods and trousers, to swagger about in with their sweethearts." And then he talks of their joy in. ihe shelterless, "ridiculous forage caps stuck on tbe side of their heads.”
space

mgs,
For older ladies, the made ol giey, or even uf uiack, with white muslin fichus round the shoul-
Th y tm Udljr he K* iu* dl««l by m ie*r Mlaaten* llnlly Allreilew.
Oik of tJie g rent est and most common deform ties of the day is one that with care and attention can be remedied
au ce which Rhodesia is rendering in the war, none of the expense falling on the Chartered Company.
Tho expression “plugged shell,”
which was contained in so many of the
telegrams reporting the battle at Glencoe, is applied to shvils which are not filled with any explosive.
Considerably over üJO women and
children refugees from the Transvaal
are in receipt of relief from the local Women's Fund at Cape Town, and refugees are still injuring into the town.
Messrs. N. M. Rothschild & Sons presented one thousand pipes, one thousand poucht-e and one thousand pounds of tobacco to the 1st Scots Guards, who left for South Africa on Saturday.
A " Rose ” stall will which anything can be so id—a non
ill
fur, either as corner-* isces, or as a
border going all around They can just and Asparagus 8pre„ger.
Spt|igl
SSiiS i ESUBi
lor making. .oW .t ¦« mud '«	„vld
lot.	.	^ Lis window is heated from a regis-
The Art booth should be *esthe c eight feet away across the hall, and
as possible. Sunflowers always seem to . temperature was seldom above 70, be the most appropriate blossoms, and ^ oftener at fi->. When the mercury they are very effective against i lie ou(. oMo,)rs dropped below the zero I
white draperies. As at	“ I sometimes put a small oil stove-the
the year real sunflowers are out »>1 t ie . j^d used for heating a basin of
question, very good imitations, may be NV.Uer_at thp entrance anf let it remade of crepe paper.	main for an hour or two. I took care
An Oriental stal usually tinda a good ^ t(j over_water the plants, but the many customers. It is a good plan to ^ was never allowed to become en-get some responsible city firm t<» lirp(y dry. Florists often advise ama-send down a selection of Oriental teu^ tQ let ,hl. earth in the jKjts get things on the sale or return sysicm. an(, then give it a thorough soak-They generally supply them at low . j have tried this method and price for fairs; therefore it is easy	found that to treat plants in i his
ANNOUNCING A RIRTH.	to make a considerable profit on them. ^ arlfj have them grow successfully,
: popular, will all kinds of sachets and ha|f a dozen times during the winter, scent bags. Large sachets, made ol lav- j bad onp or two plants each of geran-ender-colured linen, and big enough to . petunias, frevsias, Johnsonii lily, the contents of a linen drawer, ^ which blossomed during the sea-wry charming, and quite easily • buf it wafl the luxurious growth
__ I he top is of the linen, and Qf the f0jjagp Gf th* plants which did
the under part of muslin, with pUn y nQ( bloom that gave me most delight, of lavender between. The tea stall can a^ £ woujtj advise anyone who loves have any flower, such as carnations . ntfl and who does not have success or violets, and the fl.iwer stall itself with blossoming plants to try those should be called the ’Tosy etal Sev- wljjrh promise nothing hut leaves.
It has been determined that light is eraj children should be sellers here.
m portant factor in sugar produe- each having a large basket-work tray recent investigation showing that hung round her neck with ribbons, entente of the plant is de- and plentifully supplied with posies
It is the round-shouldered
Many of the moat
or stooping habit natural figures show this tendency to sloop, while in the narrow-chested it is marked to a painful degree
And
THE ONION AS A PROPHET.
We are go ng to have a very mild winter according to a Paris meteorologist He Rises his prediction on onions, which i' appears are chilly vegetables, and form several skins when a cold winter is corning This year the onions have only one skin, as they know that the weather is to be warm and open.
yet, by raising oneself leisurely upon the toes in a perpendicular position several times a day this deformity cun be easily rectified. To do this properly one must be in a perfectly upright position, the aims dropping at the side,
the heels well together and the toes forming an angle of 45 degrees.
The rise should be made very slowly, and from the balls of both feet, and
Many u recruit has been gained for Vhe British forces by their gay clothing. and although the more elaborate plum gc involves
corresponding
a
fmouut of preening, the smartness of
the nun's app-arume is proverbal.
Time was and not so very long ago, as the descent should be accomplished in
without swaying ihe
The
at Ch at h im dockyard
The joiners have been warned that ibeyjvill be re-
the same way
„	,	_	.	. body oui of thf perpendh ular —	,	,,
Butler's wondrous war pictures, when t,xej!(.iai, [H noL va8y one, but may qmred to work all night on transcris
i which arc being sent thither from iil-
ELI30W GREASE ELECTRICITY
the many know who have seen Lady
|f all the electricity made by clean-
fought under the be accomplished by patience. It can _	,	.	,
he. modified, too, by standing first on bury to be Lille 1 up fur immediate scr-
tvg, then on the# other. Inflating and raising the chest at the same time
British soldiers handicap of tight tunics and various Impedimenta, such as no modern commander would for a moment tolerate.
ing windows in the country, by rubbing the glass with a cloth, could be collected and stored, it would at once the smoke difficulty of all the
vice.
Captain Penfold, who is one of the
managers of the De Hours m n s, states
that on the outbreak of the war there would probably have been in Kimberley 6,0(>U cattle and 200 Lons of tinned rations.
one
solve
railways by allowing the trains to be run by electric motors.
part of the exercise, and if per-T.ikc for instance her famous palming j severed in will ultimately show an in-of “The Twenty-eighth at Quatre Brus*'| creased chest measurement, deyt.'Of»-and edmpare the garb of the Ulouves-i ment of lung power and erect figure, ters given there in the Crimea with the kh ki in which they were captured recently by the Boers in the regiment’s next turn of active service.
EST ¦»“¦« ¦ -»•" '¦	-
ally the most gorgeous. With one of rangements as housemaid, parlormaid, the finest military bands in the world or “ general” often enough takes a nt his heels, the drum major ui the p^lde in her appearance, which, though
Coldstream Guards is especially re- on(jre|y natural is sometimes irritat-eplendent. His regiment’s record in- .	.	*	,	...	,
eludes Egypt, Oudemirde, Malpla- ™K to the lo8a re:‘«««able type of mm quel. Delungcn. Lmcelles, Ta lavera, tress. What would she think if it were Birrosa, the Peninsula, Waterloo, necessary for her, as it apparently is Alma, lukermau, Sevastopol, Egypt, in Germany, before taking a place as
ihi mi'Kav'loldti”™» h“ Identic servant, to provide herself baldric show. His tunic and trousers with a special passbook, in which full are of scarlet, the facings blue, and description of her appearance must be bis braid of gold. The red plume @atered? This description of the German
Hxjtsrx	V “•
tween those uniforms and those of ihe of her native district, and is sometimes Scots Guards, who have no plume.
Next to a drum major there is hardly a more imposing sight of the kind than that which a piper of the Scots Guards presents. “Silver buckles are on his shoe*,” like pretty “Johnny Shalto,” and there are silver “fixings’* to his spor.n, baldric, plaid, dirk, sword and his bonnet, with its eagle leather.
The flaglike drapery on his pipes is of scarlet silk, with gold insignia The ribbons on the pipes and the kilt are are all of the tartan of the regiment, while the tunic is of scirlet.
is a
CHLOROFORM WON’T WORK
a
The battle of Dundee began ut daybreak and lasted until midday. In the afternoon the Loudon papers, 7,000 miles from the scene of the buttle, were selling in the streets with a description of the fight.
There was no particular reason why Mr. Rhodes should have gone to Kimberley. In a letter written to a friend just before he started, however, he explained that he "had obeyed a resistless impulse."
Mr. Leslie, clerk to the Newcastle Johannesburg is a boom town, but, bench of magisi rates, who elected to uniik( most cities of like character, stay in the town when the Boers en- ;t is solidly and p* rmuaently buiIt, tered, has been arrested by them on many of thie residences being veritable the charge of having given informa-j palaces of granite and marble, that lion to the British.	would do credit to any of our cities.
THE GERMAN SERVANTS ORDEAL
Ii has been found that an apparatus
for killing animals with chloroform in
Eng'an I would not work in India, be-
the h gh temperature prevented the concentration of the chlorofrom
That the was the cause was
The young person who fills so im
cause
\ a-jKJT
proved by the fact that by placing ice in the box the animals were readily killed.
tion
Of vines 1 had Asparagus plumosus
both of
JOHANNESBURG
grasses
Up to the present some £24 W,000 worth of Transvaal gold has been impounded by the British authorities at Members
Cape Town and Durban. About £300,- very sorry to state that a brass but-OOU worth m ne is now on the sea, and ton was found in the morning's codec-will be seized on arrival.	tion. As there is on y one member
Wheu news of the victory at "hose husband is on the j,oli-e force Elandalaagte reacheu Cape Town on it is hot difftcu o surmise onor.
Sunday the people were at church.
They at once trooped out of church, and the special editions of the evening papers were all quickly bought up.
The last British visitor of President Kruger and President Steyn were Mr
Evelyn Cecil. M P. and the lion. Mr.	rHWARTING THE UEVILS.
Evelyn Cecil, who have now arrived at
Durban. They had interviews with the Jn Vhinese cities streets are never two Presidents on the eve of the de- built airtight, from superstitious fear via ration of war.	I that pi o -fssLons of evil spirits might
The King s Kojul Rifles, who fought otherwise entey n^rema1 so splendidly at Dundee, have had previous exi>erience of Aoûth Africa. As the old Ôdlb they left some of their best and bravest in that corner of the country where they have again distinguished themselves.
A circular has been issued from Pretoria headed "Burghers, take care,” warning the Boers in the field against the use of Mauser cartridges marked “N. F." or "D. M. Y. A.” w hich must be kept apart as, when used, they cause the guns to burst.’*
Mr. Arthur Fitzpatrick, a volunteer is of the New South Wales Field Artillery, now in England, has been appointed a special service officer by the War Gifice. In recognition of the fact his Government have cabled him pro- an motion to the rank of captain
l\so ladies who visited the Boer	t he amount of direct sun- and buttonholes
camp at Wiusorlun Station to inter- |. . ( received.	Have the candy stall lavishly decor
cede for their captured husbands were	_	at <1 with imita' ion buttercups and
daisies, and tin* attendants dressed *1 termite I y in white and yellow If the ¦ sweets are enclosed in dainty 1 t ie The death rate from disease in the pound and- half-pounds boxes of tissue Dutch Navy last year was only 35U paper in these two shades with n p r 1,000. There were four suicides, hunch of artificial posies on top of Eighteen deaths were caused by chol- each they will sell readily and for
good price.	, , , ,
Recently at a very successful fair th" " Literary Salad ” was tried with gr at effect. Take some green crepe paper and cut out u quantity of leaves
To t he foot of each
A GIVE-AWAY
dictated more by candor than chivalry. The color of the eyes and hair, and the 8ha|ie of the nose, are all duly chronicled, and if the constable is of opin-thut any of these features are ' he has no hesitation in say-What possibilities such a system
said the preacher, I am
ion
" ugly ing .so.
suggests 1 Imagine the young jierson about to start a career as cook presenting herself before the local constable to await his verdict on her nose and lips I
INSANITY IN ENGLAND
For the last 10 years there has been
of 2,(HD annually in the
an increase
number of Great Britain’s insane
HALF MEN 1-HALF WOMEN I
ONE OF LONDON'S SIGHTS
Every visitor in London has the Royal Boise Guards pointed out to him as one of the regular sights of the British metropolis. Fine men of their inches are they all, picked for their physique, and highly picturesque they look with their plumed helmets, cuirasses and high boots. Their popular name is "The Blues, * their uudorm he ng blue, with scarlet facings and red plumes. They wear immense nipeciaysd gauntlet a and highly polished black boots, with Kruger truthfully! hath spoken, flare tope ; their breeches also a re	“H-ilf men !—half women !"
white. Their helmets and cu rasses ye(. j bis» bravest rank.! are broken 1 shine like burnished silver. But all this ••'Half men 1—half women !" finery is put aside when they take the Highlanders charge 1—the Boers must field, and they fight in khaki as do	feel
all the rest.	Th© terrors) of your walls of steel ;
Quieter but still rich, is the uni- "Cock o’ the North." the bagpipes form of an officer of the Royal Horse	squeal I
Artillery, It is of blue, with scarlet “Half men !—half women I"
SMlSSE
in his sabretache. The privates wear a Bring honoi to the name you bt ,tr, lean feathery plume and lack the gold Boers shall respect the dress you wear! braid of the officer, «» that their ap-	Half men 1—half women 1
pearance is more somber, but still mar- ^ad wben the struggle shall be o'er, tial. with the scarlet: hags on their “Halt men I—half women I"-headgear and the scarlet facings on Kelurn *n peace to Scotland’s shore, their background of dark I due.	"Halt men !—half women 1"
Magnificent Indians, officered for your mothers, sisters, brothers dear, the most part by Englishmen, c ompose	welcome you with, many a cheer ,
the Ninth Bengal Lancers, the off i- ^nd	forget old Kruger’s sneer,—
white helmets of pith, stif- *Hrt|f men I—half women 1"
Toronto, Canaxla
Kruger’s Est unite of Highland Sol
diers.
Tender in love 1 but fierce in war I “HiIf men I—naif women !"
Your motto—"Touch me, if ye daurl* Half men !—half women !"
Equal in valor,—one to ten I Proclaim it to the world again:— Tb© brave ones are the tender men 1 H If men !—haff women !"
STEAM CARTRIDGES
A new way of blasting rock is to ,
place a cartridge of water in a shot-hole and convert it into steam ini'his method made
cover
an
stunt I y by electricity
especially applicable iu coal mines
SUG AR DEPENDS ON LIGHT
POULTRY WIRE FOR VINES
! tion
I have often wondered why it is that floral journals and growers of sweet recommend brush or racks ma de
peas ———— with twine, to give, i lie vines support,
says N. Stewart Dunlop. For years he has used poultry netting, and could
be induced to use anyth.tig
courteously received, and their request for their husbands' release
They reported on their ar-
DUTCH NAVY'S DEATH RATE
granted
rival at Kimberley that they had been well treated.
not now
<e. It is cheaper than anything you can use. and if the posts are put in the ground, about four feet they will not heave, and the racks will last for
H s racks are usually
A train carrying 20,000 sacks of flour, weighing 200 pounds each, which had been consigned by a colonial firm to
the Transvaal, has been stopped by the authorities al De Aar Junction. The flour seized would have been enough to keep the whole Boer army for three months.
While the transport Malta, with the Coldstream Guards on board, was detained in the Solent by fog, the destroyer Fawn went out to her, and greatly gratified the troops on board by supplying them with newspapers conatining the accounts of the battles at Glencoe and Elandalaagte.
As showing the keenness of spirit
a
cere wear fened by wire.
In " The Armie© of To-Day," Lord Wolseley says:—" We have lately done something to improve our style of sofdier’s dress, for no men tied up as ours are, in tightly fitting tunics, can do a satisfactory day’s work during war. We drees our sailors for the work they have to do, hut we still cling to a theatrical style of garment for the soldier. . . Is there any one outside a lunatic asylum, who would go on a walking tour, or shoot in the backwoods or the prairies, trussed and dressed as the British soldier is? This applies to all ranks for 1 confess to a feei ng that the dressed up monkey on a barrel organ hears a strong resemblance to the British general inf
JOHN 1MRIE
era
many years built 10 to 12 feet high, h rom Ihe beginning of August he has to ust a step ladder, and by the end of O tôlier the vines have gone above the racks three or four feet, falling over to whichever side the wind carries thorn.
The greatest enemy to sweet peas in early spring, when the vines just peep above the ground, is the English Spar It nips the tops and pulls them up. If anyone has found a better plan to get rid of this pest than a small rifle using shot cartridges, Mr. Dunlop would like to hear of it. Last year he buried shout 1,000 of them.
blindness from sugar
SHOES FOIL DOGS
The a test wii m tor owners of dogs
mike them wear shoes in the to imitate lettuce
EHHB E
oue author The leaves are then put in s large salad bowl and arranged so DUMB WITH SURPRISE.	that the quotations are hidden. One
mnnest quotations are usually hard est.
Several members of the crew of a laden ship were afflicted with blind-in the moonlight and starlight
is
ness
when in the tropics, though they could quite clearly as soon as thv sun They attribute it to fumes from
chamois
see
rose the sugar.
row
FOUR-EYED DISCOURTESY.
A polite Chinaman considers it a breach of etiquette to wear spectacles in company. !
centf	,	.
Gee! I'm too s'pnaed to say anything-
J
i
###PAGE###4###
A GENTS WANTED FOR MTHB LIFE i\ mid Aoblevt memsof Ailmln»^ > ’H
THE MARKETS.
were unfortunately severe, and many a British home will be grief-stnken as the esult; but the decimation of the enemy’s ranks is believedto have been much greater.
lu the direction of Ladysmith and other points of Boer concentration, there has boo ill a steady advance of British troops, and a few 14 brushes” with the enemy have taken place; but the latter are becoming wary, and it is only where the natural
features of the country can bo placed to their decided advantage do they much disposition of residing
British advance.
What will lend increased interest to the
struggle from a Canadian point of the arrival of our own 44 soldier boy s' in Africa and their advance Inland with a
THE EQUITY.
i Everything
the world’s greateW Naval hero llalattari. tlio Ilfs»long irlend and adm • of tlie nation'll Idol. Biggest ami l">’ K; over 5Û0pages, 8X10 Inch»»! nearly 100 tPSg* halftone muet ration*. Only mou» demand. Big Oomralsalyns. Ojitni
line. UhiUioe of a llihtlmei ^ rlja »|«U «
The Dominion Company 3rd Mooi La\l« " Bldg., Chicago.
SHAW VILLE.
Wheat, (standard) at mill, 70c.
Oats per bushel, 24 to 23c.
Pease per bushel, 54 to We.
Eggs, per dozen, ISo.
Butter, per pound, 10 to 17c.
Wool, per pound, 10 to 17c.
Hay, per ton; $5.60 to $7.00. Calfskins, 40 to 45o.
Pork, per 100 lbs., $4.50 to$1.75. Beans, per bush., $1.00 to $1.10. Hides, per 100 pounds, $5.50 to $0.00, Pelts, each, 40 to 05c.
Turkeys per lb. 7& to 8c.
Geese per II». 5 t o Co,
Chickens per lb. 5 to 0c.
Ducks, per lb. 0 to 7c.
Ko
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 7, 1899
W anted
EDITORIAL NOTES
IMPORTANT
HOC RAISERS.
Mr. C. Beausoleil, member of the Dominion Parliament fur Berthior county, has been appointed poet master of the City of Montreal, in succession to Mr. Pansereau, resigned. The several 14 kick»’’ made by thia gentleman have at last borne fruit.
ON THE FARM IN THE LINE OF
evince
the
b-SsSSE? Machinery or implements
Hon. Daviil Mills has been up at London, Ont., making an imperialistic speech» and declaring that Canada was right in sending a contingent to South Africa. It is plain that Mr. Mills was not among the 64 some ministers” Mr. Blair spoke about as being opposed to the action.
view is
YORKSHIRE.
MADE BY THE OLD RELIABLE
MASSEY-HARRIS COMPANY
AT REASONABLE PRICES.
Improved English Yorkshire Hog Duk registered —(No. h-4 '. Fee, < >m* dpi hi r.
OTTAWA.
Eggs per dozen. 20 to 22c.
Butter in pall, (1st quality) 10 to 20c Butter In prints, 22 to 24c.
Cheese per lb., 12 to 13c.
Beef per KX) lbs., $3.00 to $0.00. Lamb per lb., 5 to 7c.
Mutton per lb., 5 to 7c.
Veal per lb., 5 to 7c.
Pork, heavy, $5.00.
Pork, light, $5.25.
Live hogs, select $4.00.
Live hogs, heavy, $3.50.
Hides per 100, $6.50 to $0.00.
Oats per bushel, 28 to 30c.
Potatoes per bag, 70c.
prospect of engaging the enemy at any time
Whilst the fear naturally arises
amongst us that some of their number not return to their homes when at
YORKSHIRE.
may
Hat peace la restored, all loyal eubjee'e will rejoice to hear of their winning destination for themaelves in another quarter of Her Majesty's broad domains.
Registered Yorkshire Hog. Took llr-t prize at Shawville Exhibition this year for Dost Yorkshire hog of season. Fee 75 for first and 50c. for cavil subsequent sow. Apply to UOHT..I. WILSON,
Hot V. U. 1, Clarendon
It is rumored that the Conservatives of Granby aie considering the advisability of inviting Hon. M. F. Hackett, M.P.P., to enter Dominion politics and contest Shefford county in the conservative interest at the next general elections. Hon. Mr. Hackett is immensely popular in the county, his birthplace being at Granby, and should he consent to be nominated, lus election would be a foregone conclusion. It is altogether likely, however, that the Stanstead Conservatives would do all in their power to retain for that county Mr. Hackett’s valuable services at Quebec.
Chatham Fanning* Mills
Will Prohibit Export of Spruce
CHESTER WHITE.
Will clean and separate all kinds of
GRAIN AND SEEDS.
Satisfaction guaranted. Sold on liberal terms.
Heu. K. J. Davis
Tuionto, Not. -Tw^/ÊÊÊÊKKÊÊIKÊM
of the crown lauds department, states
that it ts the settled policy of the Ou tari * government to restiict the cutting of spruce on crown lands to the needs of Canadian pulp mills. Permits now granted contain a stipulation that the pulp-wood is not to be exported from Ontario. The only spruce that now goes out is that from the settlers in clearing their lands.
Registered Chester White Hog. Took
Shaw ville.
CHESTER WHITE.
Cattle De-horsing.
o*o
CUTTERS.
Improved Chester White, registered, 1287). Fee—75 cents for first and oü
(No
cents for each additional sow.
APi!>H.°ELLIOTT
I wish to inform tlie fanners of Pontiac that I shall heat their service from this date forward for the purpose of dehorning Cattle, with either clippers or saw as desired.
Parties having such work to do are requested to notify me by post card.
TO INCREASE 8TVMFAÛE DCES.
Quebec. Nov. 29.-’There is a strong probability that the Quebec Government will be encouraged by Judge Street's pronouncement in Toronto as to the legality of the manufacturing clause in the Ontario timber leases to take measures with a similar cud in view, for the protection of its valuable forests of spruce, which is being exported for use ns pulpwood. Iestead, however, of taking exactly the plan followed by the Ontario ministers thew will effect the same object by putting the stumping due up to a high figure, allowing a rebate when it is manufactured in Canada.
Clarendon
A nice line of these goods at prices that
can’t be beaten.
Premier Haulton has begun in earnest the campaign for the admission of the territories into confederation as a full fledged province. In several speeches of late the premier has referred earnestly to the grievance of the Northwest on that score. The burden imposed on the country by Mr. Siftou’s policy of flooding the western prairies with inferior pauper immigration calls for an enormous expenditure for new schools, roads, bridges, etc. Throughout the western half of the territories senti-
CHESTER WHITE.
i offer for service a pure bred Chester-White Hog ; took first prizes at Slmwville
. Service fee—
SMART & SN|ITH.
L. D. DAVIS.
and Beach burg this year Si.no. tor first and 60 cents for each addl
I sow
Shaw ville, October 25,1890,
GEO. 1$. RICHARDSON
now
Rad fol d.
CEO. HYNES,
Farmers !
BERKSHIRE.
Get your milling done at
Large English Berkshire (registered). Won first prize at Shaw ville Fair in and 1899. Fee $1.00. ^Açjdy to^ ^
Portage Bond.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE
The New Flour Mills.
ment is strongly in favor of either making two provinces or adding Eastern Assina-boift to Manitoba, and erecting the rest
GONE BLIND
BERKSHIRE.
Family’s Terrible Affliction Through Neglect.
Tliis Mill lias been built expressly for the farmers’ trade and in order to get it we are prepared to give in exchange
FIRST-CLASS FLOUR and LIBERAL RETURNS.
O’ PROVENDER ground while you wait, arjd in proper way.
I
For Sale at Lowest Prices :
of the country as far ns the Rockios into a separate province, including Athnbaska, and the country as far north aa the Arctic
The undersigned has a nure-bred Berk >hire Hog which he offers ior service.
Fee-One dollar. ? brqWïîLEB,
Lot 3, Range 5. Clarendon
Toronto, Dec. 2.—A clergyman in bmv
A Calgary despatch says it is gen- coe county has reported to Mr. •!. J. lvvl-
government superintendent of neglected children, a terrible case of cruelty and wretchedness existing in that county. The clergyman thusdescri I >est heconditit>n of the family lie visited ns follows :
“ The family of seven children, five of them under eight years of age, and father and mother, living in a log hut, low ceil-all in one room, not more than 10x12
V large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit nil classes.
ocean
erally believed there that Premier Haul-tain will resign and appeal to the peop’o immediately after the next session of the territorial assembly.
so
BERKSHIRE.
IN UNDERTAKING
Fleur, Qerm Meal, Bran, Shorts and Provsnier. THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
The undersigned offers for service hi i bred Berkshire Hog “John Hvll -of the finest hogs in the country.
Fee One dollar
I also keep a complete stock of b une-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
pure
one
The appointment of Mr. Cleophas Beausoleil, M. P.t who was first returned to the Dominion parliament in 1887 forBer-thier, to the postmastership of Montreal, in the place of Mr. D.msereau, who re signed to return to journalism, loaves seven vacancies iu the House of Commons. Mr. Beausoleil is an old newspaper man,
GEORGE CATER
in g
Shaw ville
The man has something the matter
lie says he can’t stand
feet
with his eyes, the light, so there is no window and there has not been a ray of light in that house fur ten years. I am told the children are going blind. ^ work for ten years. We found them sitting in the most shocking condition of filth and wretchedness
We are Agents for
Pontiac
Woollen
D. WILSON’S,
The Winchester
He has dune no
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
—ALSO-
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed.
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
ng conaiuo Although it
although he has followed other pursuits
—»-» --	b-‘m» i	“ ;«s£r''¦£
mother tries to get food of any kind for There are Cnambly and Vercherea, owing j the children by washing. The children
to the death of Hon. A. C. Gaoffrion; | know absolutely nothing.
Sherbrooke, which was represented by I Wo ask^ them » few queetio"8 such
the Hon. W. B. Ivos ; Lotbmiere, on ac- heM of God aud Christ ? ’’ and they said count of Dr. Rinfret being appointed to : they had not. I asked the father and
office, and Labelie, where Mr. Bouraasa j mother if they would let four or five of
the children go to the home in Toronto where they could learn something but they refused.
“ Is there no way of taking these chii-represented West Ontario, and in Mani- ' dreu and rescuing them from a living
toba Winnipeg has been vacant since be-	Kelso has made in-
fore the last session of parliament. The	^ finds the facts as stated by
vacancy was caused by the death of Mr. the clergyman to be quite correct. Sev* Jamieson.	oral of the children are already partially
In the Senate there are six vacancies, blind. An effort w ill bo made to help
Two are in Manitoba, the seats of the 1 * ie aml y late Senator Boulton and Sutherland; one in Ontario caused by the drowning of Senator Sandford of Hamilton, last aum-
w.as
2 Rifle
D & MARLIN

there are four other vacancies, in Quebec
u
n
Catalogue now ready. Write for one and prices.
McDOUCALL & CUZNER,
Mills
has resigned.
In Ontario there is one vacancy, caused by the death of Sir James Edgar, who
SAVAGE Repeating Rifle.
The only Establishment of its kind in the County.
to whom IT
MAY CONCERN:

CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc.
Gentlemen :
Having bought out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, I beg leave to state that I am prepared and in a position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with an order.
*
1899 Model.
Calibre .303.
Stray Cattle.
o
9
ORIGINAL IN EVERY FEATURE,
POINT BLANK RANGE FOR HUNTING,
ONE RIFLE FOR LARGE AND SMALL GAME.
SIX DIFFERENT CARTRIGES.
SMOKELESS, HAMMERLESS SIX SHOOTER,
Strayed on to my premises on 20tli Nov-
mer.aud one in New Brunswick, the dis-1	wo-^11 of red
trict which was represented by the late and white color. Owner is requested to
M,. Tempi,. Tie ctU, too	EÜ'ftnK """""
are in Quebec.	JOHN F. DALE,
Shaw vi lie
My Motto :
Write for Catalogue and Circulars, free
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
SAVAGE ARMS COMPANY,
UTICA, New York, U, S. A
Prompt attention to business. No disappointments to patrons.
My Determination :
To turn out a class of work that will bear successful com pari son with the very best ; a class of work that by its stylish and fashionable appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
Leave your Measure next.
Property for Sale.
Although there is a dearth of details respecting events in South Africa during
the past week, sufficient information has	.	.
tr.neferred to give an eager public ground, j	cont%i^" four village lots
for belief that stirring times have begun and having erected thereon a comfortable
in earnest. The arrival of British troops	ïïrtlrolîSs nmt tmisapply* to
large numbers and their hasty dispatch Donald McRae, Shaw ville.
towards the fighting zone, has given a new |	Hamiota, Man
complexion to the situation, which in certain particulars had become rather critical.
The dangers which threatened Ladysmith,
Kimberley and other beleaguered town, in I	of Clarendon in
Natal and Cape Colony, have apparently ( arrear9 of taxes will he advertised for sale been warded off, and their relief now seems by the County Council, if not settled forth -
to be assured. The rapid advance in the "lth* By or U ’ h. MATHESON, direction of Kimberley made by LordMeth-1 Dec. 4tli, 1899.	Sec.-Treas.
eun with a force of 7,000 regulars, and the stubborn resistance he met with on three occasions, during a period of six
o
HE
PORTAGE DU FORT
Always In Stock a large and well rted Range
Wanted !
2,000 Cords
of
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds, Flannels, Prints, &c.
These Goods are from the best Scotch, English
and Canadian manufactories.
Roller Mill
in
Public Notice.
Spruce and Balsam
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND.TURNING OUT
J. W. C0N|BA, 141101.
PULPWOOD !
(McArthur'sbuilding, Main St.)
delivered at any point along the Quyon river. Also
Any quantity of Spruce Pulpwood
delivered at any point on either bank of the Ottawa river between Quyon village and Black river ; or on the Bernard Creek or Coulonge river, for which
THE HIGHEST MARKET PRICE
First Quality Flour.
NOTICE.
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
Notice is hereby given that a general d.y.f when the might of Briti.h arms mectmg o^he Clarendon Cheese and But-
triumphed, and carried strongly entrench- Schooi ir0UHe at one o’clock, p. m.,on Sated poiition. in the face of. veritable .term of death dealing projectiles, constitute. | attend- By order,
one of the most notably brilliant features | a. G. MURPIfY.
President
Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full r®* ¦¦and satisfactory treatment "
turns every respect
JOSEPH BROWN,
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED
They have been selected with a view to
supplying people with the class of goods they require, and they have been marked at prices that must sell them when ex-mined.
will be paid
JOHN STEWART,
Secretary
Time of delivery not later than March 15th
Proprietor*
of the campaign, and of such there have been several. The last of these conflicts with the enemy known as the Battle of Modder river, is described by the General I Any person found trespassing or doing In command, » the “ bloodieat of the	Uptown"
present century,” that », of course Wring ^l^rendon^ into account the comparative strength of ^ost rigor 0f the law. the opposing forces. The British losses I	JOHN G. McGUIRE.
MEATS OF ALL KINDS
1900
NOTICE.
NOW IN STOCK.
All wood to be measured on the banks of the rivers and streams mentioned.
FOR SALE:
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, I respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
WILSON & ARGUE.
A quantity of—
A. HODOINS
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
Shaw ville, Nov. 20,1899
j
J. a. McGUIRE.
PROPRIETOR.



###PAGE###5###



G.M. BonaldsoD,
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
THE EQUITY,
Frank Rtillis, Iroquois, loit a watch, a family heirloom, and oouîd not find it. He warn an wotked up over hi» lose that when he went to sleep ho dreamed that he raw it lying twelve steps from n certain tombstone in the North Channel cemetery, where ho had been on the day it was lost. The same dream visited his slumbers on th# follow ing night, and accompanied by a friend ho drove to tho cemetery, where they found the tirnepiecaat the exact spot indicated in the dream.
Tho Dominion statistician has received many r curious request in h?s time, but one which camo to hand recently caps the climax. A Montreal man writes to Mr. Johnson asking for information am to tho beat way to raise frogs. He is aux-it us to go into the frog log industry, and asks the statistician to furnish him with information regarding the habits rf the batrachianr, tho food they »*t. s:<d ^ho most suitable habitat for them.
The department of railways and canals i* calling for tenders for constructing an additional section of the Trent canal, namely, that from Trenton to Franktnn. a distance of nine miles. The work in eludes the deepening of the river between these two points, tho cox struction of mov. en locks ami seven dams. As tho works on tho St. Lawrence are nearly completed, time freeing a number of contractors, it is expected that the competition for this work will be wry keen.
Montreal, Nov. 27 — J. Turner Routledge, a well known society man committed suicide today at. his country residence at Oeorgeville, Que., by shooting himself through the head. Routledge came to Canada from England some years ago and married tho youngestdaughter of Sir Hugh Allan, tho Canadian steamship magnate. He started an extensive ranchintheNoxth-west Territories which he conducted for some years. He lately returned to Montreal and took up his residence at George-ville in the Eisterxi Townships. Domestic trouble ia supposed to have been the cause of tho suicide.
JÀ8. HOPE & Co.
irANDKACTUIUXO STATIONERS,BOOK8KL if A 1er*, Bookbinder* Vrluier., etc. Depository f cut Ottawa Auxlll*ry tilldeMovlety,Ottawa, Out.
Dressed Hogs
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY TIMTUHI)A Y
AT SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A UAB IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement wllh ublleher.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY PUHLi ’. NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND HA VINOS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TEH MS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be In Shftwvlllti on Tuesday of every week.
and
.....
}/	A «blot «ironk or
1 V*	WAT' HE8,gjjg
I I ¦
JEWELLER

F
Poultry I
and

:o:
CLOCKS,
jewellery,
SILVER WARS
Ac. Ac.
ADVERTISING RATES!
I*gnl advertlhlng, eight rent* per line for flrut Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Duelue** card* not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #100 per year.
Iiocal announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per Hue for tlrst Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at. low rates, which will be given >n application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free ofeharge. Obituary poetry three Cents per lino.

f


> 7
R. MITCHELL
ri
m
jf,
#«
»
BAILIFF OF TIIE SUPERIOR COURT.
for the Dial riot of Pontlqc. Office, Main fit., Saaw ville.
A counts collected ami prompt return* mado.
Repairino—
a BretTALiTT!
<
%
SH1WVILLE, Q.
The season for handling these liijes of Farm Products being on, we are prepared, as usual, to pay highest market prices for same.

HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN StylTH, Proprietor.
S
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and DOOR
f
FACTORY.
JOB PRINTING.
The spot spot for—
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order» by mall promptly attended to.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
JOHN A. COWAN,
ALL KINDS OF—
Publisher.
Your Turn next.
Interior & Exterior
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY ot Ottawa.
Articles to Iw lnundried forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
MANUFACTURED.
District and Country.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq,
, DOORS, WASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, &c. Ac,
Kept In stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRICE8.

Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. II. H Knox, Shaw ville.
Rules regarding the dressing of Poultry for our trade are as heretofore, namely :
Starve 24 hour before killing.
Do not draw entrails; place head under wing ; draw legs close to body and tie so as to give bird a plump appearance.
Pluck dry. Scalded birds do not bring within one cent per pound of those dry-plucked.
In order to obtain highest prices care must be taken in dressing.
Mr. James Kent, of Montreal, hae been appointed manager of the Canadian Pacific Railway telegraph lines.
The steamship Sardinian having on board the Canadian volunteers arrived in Cape Town on Wednesday last.
Messrs. Gillies’ Bros, have purchased the extension timber limits of Messrs. Alex. Fraser & Co., on Coulonge river, embracing one area of 250 square miles.
The Government has dismissed Mr. Foster, warden of Dorchester penitentiary, and J. A. Kirk will be appointed in his place.
Tho Eganville Enterprise has on exhibition a sturgeon head that weighs22 lbs. The fish from which it was taken weighed 125 lbs., and was caught in Muskrat Lake.
List week's Pembroke Observer reports that seven members of one family named McGregor—tho mother, five daughters an J one son—are in tho hospital there, stricken with typhoid fever.
The Walker mining estate and plant, near Buckingham, was purchased week by Hull. It. \Y\ Scott, for $70,000, to satisfy a mortgage. Tho mining lands are said to be veiy valuable and the plant installed a short, time ago is worth $150,000.

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
Estimate» furnished.
O
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Office and Rssidkncs : J. H Aamstboko's Hovss, MAIN STREET - - SHAW VILLE.
THE HULL ELECTEIC CO.
Perth, Out , December 1.— An accident occurred last night near Bathurst station, about ton miles from here, whereby a young girl named Minnie Biikham, shot and instantly killed. Deceased was a daughter uf James Kirk ham, of the fifth lino of Bathurst. She and her younger brother were in a room upstairs and the Utile fellow grabbed a shotgun from the bfd and started across tho floor with it. Ilia sister immediately wont to toke tho gun from him, when in some manner it went off, tearing tho gill's face and scattering her brains over the floor. No inquest will be held.
At the County of Carleton Assizes last week, damages for $3,100 was awarded to Napoleon Richer against the Canada Atlantic Railway. Richer, it will be remembered, was coachman for the late William Cowan, of Ottawa, at the time uf the accident at Ottawa East last January, when Mr. Cowan and his son Homes were instantly killed, and Richer was very badly injured. Richer subsequently sued tho railway company for $20,000 damages, and has been awarded as above. The jury found that the company was guilty of negligence in running too fast, and in not ringing tho engine Dell. The flagman, the jury considered, was not paying attention to duty. This is the largest amount of damages given in Carleton County for some years. It is likely the company will appeal. Mr. E. Mahon and XV. Lees were fur the plaintif!', v hile Messrs. F. H. Chrysler, Q. C , and Aylesworth, O. C., were for the
Carsrun at Intervals of twenty minutes !a tho morning and fifteen minutes In the after noon, dally, Sundays Included.
LEGAL.
was
BODRBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L L
'I
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific arid Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Shaw ville every Monday.
t
Baggage promptly handled
WILL VISIT
W. R. TAYLOR,
Sec.-Treas.
WM- GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &c.,
159 Main Street,..........
At Sbawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over O. F. Hodgius' Store. Main St.



Hull*
*##
###
|STEVENS RIFLES
Bring along your products to the store that always buys for cash or trade.
last

ARTHUR McConnell.
* TTORNKY AT LAW, Main Bt. Hull, A. auc, will, at request,utlenUallcourts In thedlstrlct. Allcorrespoudenct prompt-
^ W1H be at Shaw vllltfi rat Thursday of each
month.
•5* are guaranteed to be
:o:
| SAFE.SOLID,
ACCURATE,
C3K S*. ^ZOZDO-UKTS-
1
Win. L. Lambkin, of the Senate news room, Ottawa, is Becking a divorce from hie wife, who is alleged to have skipped across the line with ancffieivl of thecxpeii mental farm, taking one of their children With her.
Ottawa, Nov. ‘29.—Albert Litourclle, who ban been charged with ill-treating the late William Reid, so that tho latter died from injuries received, was liberated bail at Hull by Judge Lavorgne. Latourelle was committed on Saturday to stand hie trial at the assizes.
1
GEO. C. WRIGHT,
From tho
T
-g	$6.00 44 Favorite ”
If! to our most expensive4 4 Ideal.”
advocate, barrister, 230 Main St , - Hull,Que-,
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.)
Law business in District ot Pontiac attended tu.
Elliott & Barter’s Mill
WANTED Farmers' sons or other in-
i
dustrious persons of fair education to whom $10.00 a month would be an inducement. I could also engage a few ladies at their own homes.
£ The "IDEAL" No. 44 is a fine rifle.,, ?0XB OF OUB LEADERS, price only $10. | ; We guai ,ntee it in every respect. Noth- > « ing cheap about it but the price.	» «
5 Made regularly In .28, .25 end .32 cal- | j V ibra rim-fire, .25-20 8TEVEX8, .33-40., , ti .38-55 and. 4 S-40 center-Sre.	i t
?J IN SPECIAL SIZES, 812.00.	! !
Send *tan:p for complete Catalog and	v
Hand Book.	T
SHAWVILLE.
T. II. LINSCOTT,
Brantford^
on
W. W. IRELAND,
Planing,
Matching Dressing
company.
The Department of the Interior. Ottawa, has received advices from Mr. Zdliacus, stating that at the smallest computation, 15,000 Finlanders will arrive in Canada OUE. I next tprmc:. The majority of the immi v ' grants will be from South Finland, which is one of tho most fruitful districts in the country.
Farm Stock for Sale.
Clerk of the District Magistrates* Court.
GREY MURDER.
factorlly.
i
Toronto Burglar Suspected of
Crime.
The undersigned offers for sale the fol lowing Farm Stock, namely :
1 span General Purpose Horses. Several good Milch Cows,
2-year old Heifers,
Yearling Heifers and Calves.
:	STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL CO.,
SHAWVILLE
I
P O. Box 1311.
CHICOPEE FALLS. MASS.
WILLIA3I ELLIOTT
r»AILIKF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT
madeandpromptreturnsassured	| tal student at the U niversity of Pennsyl-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦vania, who was found guilty of manalanght
er on Saturday in causing the death of William A. Montague in May last, was today sentenced to five years’ imprisonment and to pay a fine of $500.
—Detectives of the department believe held in the
Toronto, Dec. 1. attorney-general’s that Harry Williams, nowflUl city on a charge of murdering J. E. Yar-coe, the Queen street groceryman, to be the man or one of the men implicated in the murder of Henry Gray, the night watchman at Almonte. The provincial officers have been tracing Williams’ whereabouts from the last of June, the time tho Almonte murder occurred. They think that Williams and McIntosh were two of the men connected with the Almonte crime.
The Toronto detective department knows nothing of the matter. Inspector Stark stated this morning that as far as he knew Williams’ movements before the murder were utterly unknown with the exception of the two weeks previous to the crime. He was in the company of McIntosh during that period, the inspector stated. The department has made an investigation, but had been unable to trace him further back than that. It is understood that Williams will show he was in the United States at the time of the Almonte murder.
*
and
*4
44
en
1 Foal.
Terms: Cash or joint notes.
BENJAMIN WORKMAN,
Charteris, Clarendon.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
GENERAL.
To bay well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
m	- Sample» FfCC
MacLEAN PUB. CO.# Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
J. J. TURNER,
FOR SALE.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County Pontiac. Bales conducted In a business-like Rev. R. C. Horner, head of the Holt
llo sales conducted at Shawville once a eoce He returned to Ottawa last week
sssKsr °
gaged in translating into Arabic a book
Court Shawville, entitled, “ Original and Inbred Sin,"
written by Rev. R. C. Horner. The
___*	book is intended for diatribution in the
{ Meets the 4th Wednes goudan where the Holiness Movement day of every month. |	mia.ion.rie. eng.ged.
O
all demande supplied for
Shropshire Ram Lambs, registered or otherwise, to suit the purchaser. Also Berkshire Boar, registered.
These animals will be sold cheap for cash.
Oct. 31, *99.
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
WM. BARBER
J. G. ELLIOTT.
EDWARD BROWNLEE,
Clarendon.
m
An Earthquake
d
Go to
PATENTS
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
J Court dues must be paid / promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor- tymen have been sent out from Ottawa dially Invited. this season to the lumber woods on the H. B. Babnbtt.F.B {jpper Ottawa, Coulonge, Petewaws, Hugh Hobbs, C. R.	Bonnechere and Gatineau rivers, as well
the Parry Sound on the line of the B The hiring season is about over and operations in the shanties are at full swing. In early autumn great difficulty
was experienced in getting men, but as 0X8* | the season has advanced they have be
more plentiful. Wages range from $18 to $24 per month.
Between six and seven thousand ehan-
PROMPTLY SECURED
s T ,
DALE BEOS.
you free our opinion as to whether n Is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERT»
Ctrl! A Mechanics! Engineers, Graduate# ofthe Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bacheloraln
Association, N«w England Water Work# Amoc. P, Q. Suiv^yors Association, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineers.
OFFICES: {
J. A. Cowan, R.8.
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Tinware, Stoves, Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
as up i
C. P.
The Farmer
HOTELS
Special Notice.
St. Lawrence Hall,
will find us prepared to supply hie every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes.
All persons indebted to the late Dr. Knox are requested to settle their accounts with me, by cash or note, before the First of January, 1900. After that date the books will be given to Mr. Gamble for collection.
Shawville, Nov. 14,1899.
¦s
come
Mrs C, M. McLeans
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Liviby Attached.
The Housewife
An Oso Station (K. & P. Ry.) correspondent says : One day last week Mr. John Crawford, whilst hunting, found a dead deer in Mud Lake. It had evidently been shot, ran into the lake, and there died. Whilst viewing the deer he dis-• I covered another animal, which proved to be one of Messrs. Thompson & Avery’s I young cattle. A few days later, Mr. Jos.
: W] Burke went in search of his young cattle v and found five dead in the above mention. j ed lake. Two were hii own and three 1 belonged to Thompson & Avery.
Montreal, Nov. 27.— (Special) —After fifteen minutes in its room, the jury in the now celebrated Ville Marie bank case found William Wier, president, guilty of the charge of rendering a false state-j ment of the bank's assets to the govern I ment,and recommended him to the mercy of the court. An appeal has been entered, j and thearguemen twill take place tomorrow J morning. In case the appeal fails the atx torney general will be asked to grant an appeal in accordance with the power which he has In such cases.
MRS. KNOX.
NEW YORK LIFE B'LD'O., MONTREAL CAN. ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D O.
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy and comfortable.
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
pOHTIAG HOUSf
-	i*—t I WiMli I
Jobbing and
Repairing
60 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
I The undersigned offers for sale his de* sirable property situated on Main street, Shawville, opposite theBank. For terms and particulars apply to
i


In Conclusion,
ol

SILAS YOUNG, Parkman P. O.

n


Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guar-an teed.
Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up to date general store.

W
Trade Mark» Dénions
1 Copyrights &c.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an
bsi; K' o';
epeciai notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
NOTICE
TO ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.
781!
SILAS YOUNG
Starke’s Comers.
l!
Notice is hereby given that all parties having claims against the estate of my late husband, Daniel Kennedy, are hereby requested to file the same with me on or before the 1st day of January, 1900.
Parties Indebted la any way to the said estate are also notified to settle up before
the date a^me.Uoned^ KENNEDY. North Clarendon, Nov. 15, 1890.
DALE BROS.
6
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Highest Prices paid tor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
To PATENT Good Ideal
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largeet rtr-
nZsaasr
m. sa
p. s.
•New York
ltogtoo, D C. ,
361 Broaifwty
THE PATENT RECORD
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL, •
w.
paoPAirroR
• # •
• •

m*


(


###PAGE###6###
/\ cri 5 jap ro.i/J^vrs.
I he Mystery of No. 13.

I
The resumption ol' the disorder In tin- Austrian Parliament, with the suggest ions of political chaos which that condition conveys, and the move-


I
r',V



ha<! entered, and, in any case, most assuredly would have taken the sapphires; while the theory that the rot in had boon entered from the skylight 1 house looking on Mr. St. .. .. George's leads, fell to the ground when ns if Mr. inquiry only elicited that the hou
I WftM i nimbi led by an old rhcumat io a | cobb er, who lived alone in it, and
could only crawl about at a snail's
pace.
His assistant slept iu Marylvbune .	. .	. .	, . r , Lane, H,1(1 being duly followed there,
1,1 b u V>v: baaed her alight form it w is proved that he had come home restive under the	bwedlsh connection,	grew taller, she had leaped at a	to his lodging as usual had his t<
what	bound from a timid girl to an av.-ng-	retired to bed an I come down at his
. , ..	,	... u^ual time next morning, so that it
b* loie t'Oill said Mr. Laticiile,	was imposai b e he should have been
bnlow hu breath, “she is capable of	,	inside the cobb er's house that night
anything—v> hat if she has been tell. Elizabeth herself had never given mg the truth right through, after	the sapphire theory a thought. If
In the present condition of unstable The moment of revenge, of fended 12r!y she inf fie UmthT ’res H / e 1V \ h v i*r
equilibrium iu Europe a disturbance in	ai;nihiiatiun pa tsed; it was but a	worth to hide them iu such a vn;iv
either Austria or	Sweden might have	''u,‘ë thing tit mb ing in every imb	:	that no outsider could positively know
wbivh would ;am.;r/d «Z: Z irxz i i?klhiorc™ ^
be disagreeable to l oi h parties in each ' \ou will do your bast for him?" oould have robbed her at any time, of those discordant nations. It is he- #h;i said.	| Jack eimpiy hated the stones, and
i es—I will—but 1 i*11 you plain- | had protested against	her	accepting
•y	1 have little hope ot getting him	a gift that marked her	out	as a sub______ .	011 A t 1 haw tu pu, against the jeci for violence and possibly murder,
nection	with the	.>0,000,t-OJ	ot their	ioverwhelming ItoUtuony to his guilt	besides being a perpetual	source of
race in	the# Germ iu	Empire rather	* ’	0<1*’ small scrap ot evidence that	anxiety io himself
than to oontinuv in the polyglot coali- m,ly b' worlh mllcb' or uothin* ttt tion of 40,00 hO D Magyars Germans,
WÊi
S\€:


¦ %,
f+'tâlM. i f
%
meut for mtleiH*ndvue© which has taken practical shape in Norway iu the past few days, show moire ot the perils which arc in store for Europe's dual 1 said abruptly
Z
V/S/i
Cil AL VEU IV -Continued
m
Burry Boss was u guutl fvl'uwf ' he I in
the



Elizabeth stepped hack La it ci! le hud struck her.
'll - \xas a hound, he said, with i which holds Hungary to Austria is gesture of fiercest loathing and re
the Emperor, and as he is in his 70th pud.ilion; “ a traitor and a coward,
and he deserved what he got, and more—and morel"

It is believed by most of the European diplomats that the chief tie
nations
Ml





%
^4
year, that bond is likely to bv of short
Norway has long been
m
Vi
>*

yt
/
contiihuunce
hr '
z

mm#


m.
1
*v
and the movement there tor amounts to virtual independence threatens peaceable separation war.
e

/
m
t
m





all
K

%

Vi
te
B
%
/ « v* i

lievttvl that th* IG.OUO.lOd Germans in
Austria Hungary would per fen a con

A REMARKABLE BRITISH FORT ON THE TUCELA RIVER, EAST OF CAPTURED COLENSO
Hut a woman must be an angel who
will refuse a priceless jewel that	,Thle Potion of extraordinary	strength is a	relic of the time	that the	British were	fighting	the
It	any	one can	save	him,	you	exactly suits her eyes and complex-	Zu,us under Cetewayo. The Tugela	River was the	boundary line between Natal	and Zululand Th* fnrt	has
said	Llizab t.h,	trying to	slit	ion, and moreover makes her at once	ntot l,ef? called into use in the present war,	for the Boers have	directed	their attention	to hut	one
a i quivering limbs,	and O!	may	God	a target lor the envy and malice of	Waoe on this river, Colenso, where	the railway crosses the stream."
l) ' yon it you do.'*	her kind; for wherever Elizabeth wem,
™E=iEEE ipâ?Mfs BSSh—™ üüiH
i<~	.tr j	~ —ssiJE.-'S: %%»%%%,% ”
—E'£=mîHE
fna-Hungary, or Sweden-Norway may b' pum.shod tor mails augluer I,urging ot am II and big coins, while studied her comfort and health con-¦frighti iu the present desiro of the Ulh^1 a,u| VV|* Al ' wa*1 101 him, Ually ihr vmp oymetit purchased by the ! tinivilly, and who in her own reserv-chivf ualions of Europe for new terri- aiM*.	come? b.ick ;u us "o same was disproportionately small. pd way seemed sincerely attached to
p*»,—1»- - r % «	'°z"„r.«	as?*-s»”!
legiaiions and accretions which were ul mint-" she paused, and m her ! a tittle plan by which she might ob- around her. and whom no one could
precipitated by the Corsican conquer- Nx bile face Mr. Lai rente read her in- tain some money, and enjoy the bliss be with long without learning to or nin * or ten decades ago. Bonaparte U7.l,lian;, . ,, . .	.	. . .	‘)l louring it all one day into Jack's *°I*:
™- —;01 —"-—:-'-•'o' 'ïï< r.i»'~ isrs av;ssty&SRsrsti *2£r28?
gave the Swedish! ctolony of Finland, you again as soon as 1 have any- of it, and despair and death.	ten on n email table near. Why did I
to which hi| had no claim, to Russia, lni # t() tell you. '	Long betoro that she had sacrificed ^*nd it a constant struggle now °f the most intelligent prisoners
while Russia, a little later, donated	tie	pressed	her	band.	There	were	her	own comfort to economy in the	he kind to hor ? Wan the difference	serving time for political crimes. Eng
Norway, to which i, had not the most	**""	couage'to'tht^nuj	‘where fresh	The^aherVid noTe^ak. and some-	land. and her colooiea “8ver allow nny	“°™0*»1 0Ithe	prison is	allowed to
f sidowy sort of ownership, to Sweden.	air,	urgently required	by a certain	thing in her a fence, and her averted	sentiment regarding family name or	T renounce either	of these	sentences,
In a convulsion ot the present time in	CH APT Bit V	precious somebody, could be obtained *,ead- struck Elizalioth painfully, and j wealth to make a successful appeal for
L-xmls hands are tied by tbe South Af-	A	1	laid the	mooii	on his	yellow	hail?	into	them gladly, not	knowing the	wo™an demented by her husband, and	tra,tors to their country.	18 "trapped with	his face	downward
rican war, some# of the monarchy of	O!	ihiukna ye my	heart	was wee	bad	accommodation she	had reserved	dependent for sympathy on n merv-	The labor in which the convicts are	Vu V] 1 *V‘n fnven Ilf teen strokes across
liberal with territory which did not , ZuvdJrml andw	iU8? “h* l,*! ? l’alu ' bul «“e often went down to, he	«»*»ut her ,wr«on. and knew all j city of Cape Town is a defence con I sLrokes	tbe back with
belong to them. This would be an been suffered to take him a» ay. sb*	iu Uerkshrre, as often indeed j^waym, nt om*. marry for, yet doubt- sisling Uer upou „f moilern
t ! SSZESH .rMBsFre» sSttFiHw
an names in her widowed and child-! Cvm‘ between them duting the , *	_ *?''*	^ as ruinef^ hp,r 110 standing army stationed to man tlwir flogging and in a number of in
tess years. For she believed, as did h	7	^ œa.rriod iifti' .. n	f ,	.	.. the guns, but each gun is connected ®îH“cea have danced a kind of "shin
-SSSSI|v.=C::::tnrz:':=%-
er slain him with her ow n hand, or ! 7'!"" * ,A,l<1 vvho would have diearned	Ay l but like the broken, weary, guns can be discharged at a moment's week to complain td the visiting mng-
by force ol the idtnation in which her	a‘ -v *®terruption to then happi- friend-forsaken youth she
husband found her, had actually cou- ” aL" mit Bh',er	1	. , . . her " °f something.
ordinary instance of courage	and en-	she had sincerely vaued.	tragedy ei ,Ul."	. i r'8 0 >,A <l g llusllT	ed away murk le gold against t he time	enemy
duranca on ihe part of a man	and his	Mrs- H“sa l"'1 u°t ihought	it She n ho had once been so	®f her eon s ruin and reiwntnnne, and	Convicts not employed	upon public	..	. .
- -2»* “ “• cr11	jsy.rs i r.Ys,n—¦ - *	w
J	| The writer would have the two men bad been ai Eton and , u v	' ! fr<>m.}1 °;,t? affn dul So now Elizabeth, bethinking her of ™ur-h Pieter convicts to the natives, cojue the leader ol his lather's tribe in
found the story hard of belief,	he a ays,	at Oxford together, and when	one	J, *n	ViaL courage	her own mef ret treasure, flung aside	the convicts have	no	opportunity	the	insurrection.	lie was	captured
only that he arrived there on	the day	h:id married and the other had	re-	.herein! e ^ h*	.j!!!»;, a een8lllveneeB	the eelf-reet raint, that she had fought	J° loaf ,or ?ef drunk.	The usual con-	and	thrown	into	this prison	under	a
r&BHESE ^	SSiS~
bieuded wiidi utlmiratiun, which it had i of Elizabeth, of how lovely she was, ,....	^ ' , , • “!S Pri®on*o°ora Daffy. . .«he said, lie low her V,CL while the government furnishes man of fine culture and keenest Intel-
excited in the mind of every person at how good, yet how full of fire, and	did	h.^V'‘ ^ man- |,,reath #< 1 want you my little love my !guard* sufficient to watch the
T- ,	, ü'c	^	""
During a violent gale, a vese.d in the youth. But she could recall no sign .	strain, borne people go juet as happily here aa there .
roads dragged her anchors and was! that he loved her, or gave her undue	t other* are and you will not know;,
drive, on m. rocka. Moei ihe cr.w	»"	X ,,
"zœre&R., a. susaRzyfe
trzR	i %z, '
knowing the spirit of his horse and -1 '* '	1,1 “ s!° t n d°wn 111 ,tle night | known only to tlie df*af who
its wonderful elrength and endurance	blw an errand aa was said to glw accustomed (u t'he' alranganesa
lie blew a little brandy inio bis uor |ep!—who suggested that, when weary with the i#rp,-tual horse's nostrils, and pushed into the 7acu,1f •>" a®a impulse, he had , trying ,o hear indistinct, and unsyrn-nndsi of the breakers. At firs: both descended to the drawing-room, enh- pa the ic toi.-es l hat irritai* and wound man and beast disappeared, but ihey I cr 8lru.p,k wllh i'^iuurse or maddened their ears.
camo into sight again, uud were seen b.y K-iwbcth's reproaches, h«* had j Common people look upon a ew mining near the wreck. Then, t.urûed thti P1»1®1 Winet himself; pereon as only one degree removed after a period of great anxiety, they bUl was lL P^88,b e thaï after such an	,	from	an	idiot*	and not only roar at
reappeared near the shore, struggling ^currence she could have slept cairn-j	him.	buff	think	it	necessary to elab-
with the breakers Shouts of joy I ly. !°l\ ma“y hours,’ (Merciful souls orately explain everything* down to went up when it was found that two -ru!1 ,hat 1,1 very truth she had not j hie limited intelligence; much as an sailors were clinging to the rider's w«kenedI at a-1 (hut night, her dea’neFs Englishman when he is trying ¦ boots and had been safely landed. j buying placed her in the extraordinary French, holloas at a Frenchman.
Seven times the perilous trip to	lua lk<it stiC	be i11 the midst ft had come with mu h cruel swift-
the wreck was made, and fourteen ' ^ a tragedy and know nothing of it. ness on Elizabeth, and it had come to lives were saved. On the eighth trip, but Jack- happening upon Mr. Ross remain forever. A bright eager child hors, and rider being well-nigh spent, =hpre’ aPd «loubung both her and him, thirsting to be first in her school over a formidable wave broke over them, had s uin hlti false friend, and left work, a sudden chill and then—silence and the. farmer lost his balance, fell,, b"" ,hcre to silently tell his own tale, to all the sweetest sounds of nature and was over-\vhe!mcd in a moment.! Ot hers, again, opined that a burglar, and the tendereet, most delicious notes Ihe gallant horse swam safely to land, tempted by the sapphires, might have	of the	human voice.	To sit alone while
Lut his brave rider was no more. S°t and surprised by Mr. Ross had
m in self-defence shot him; but were a
ail
Bohemians, Foies, Servians Creations, Roumanians and other races, while
will
aiuoug scarcely any two of those pvo
'
t are which many of Europe's statesmen, on account of the revent disturb-
A civil disturbance in either A us
soup
on there are more than 1,000 convicts * meal ami bread, anti their supper consist s of bread alone; but thv native» look upon this diet as a perpetual feast WÊÊ	as compared with what they are accus-
ing I ish aristocracy; French, Italians, turned to outside of prison walls. The Russians and Jews; there are famous dungeon is never used, but solitary
contint*ment is sometimes resorted to with vicious convicts; if they are sen-HH	teuced Lo more thin three days'
a horde ot Kaffirs, imprisoned there I finement they ate allowed, two hours'
for every crime in the catalogue. Many I solitary exercise outside the cell each
day.
ot nearly every size and color. There are American miners and sons of 1 he
chiefs of the African tribes captured during the Transvaal rebellions, and
a re
_ Waning and flogging are sometime* practised vvith obstinate criminals, but
When
A CAT-O'-NINE TAILS
nations to stait internal
wars
might bo easy for Norway, for pie, in escaping from the Scyila of the
ex alli-
ance a
istrate
minded
notice. The
more intelligent crimi-, rm. _	.	.....
nnto or„ .	|	«	,	Ihe most remarkab e native ever im-
nal» are not employed upon these | prisoned there was ihe son ot a lam-
works, but the stupidest of the Kaffirs, jous inland chief who had b en educaî-
and usually those who have been sen
BRAVE HORSEMANSHIP.
i Farmer mud Ills Horse Save Inuilcui
lien From Urowitliig.
Monsieur de Pages, in his "Travels Round the World,M relates an extra-
„ I ®d at Oxford University the imperial courts
After ie
when war bioke out between his father and the
horse
Good Hope
t<‘cü and a nuiurai loader of men, but chooses to follow the wild, barbaric
instinct.
This prison is also the homo of a
men
CLOTHING AND FOOD
Those of the first class, known as the	»*» hi* heart and a passion-
l.o.ial class are marked bv a black de'*![e tU bl*ir lt* "gbt o[ the go"-band around their hats. All prison- ^ tot th,n laolattil1 Mining camp. He ers upon entrance are placed in this ! lbe S8t'relary the Young Men s class, and remain there three months, Cbrislian Association in Cape Town, but if they show a docile spirit at nn<l wa* bold in the very highest es-the end of that time they aro trans- teum' fIe **ul a wonderful mftueuce (erred into ihe probation class which ove,r Lyouilg mon throughout the city is marked by a yellow band They re- ?“d tbe c®‘ony- On account of the con-
main in this class eight months when f1<leooe the people in his in, eg city "——	___________'	hw was elected secretary of the Cape
'	| Town Building uud Loan Association,
which aiuiuaiiy ma nlfcju kikes an im-mouse amount ol mouey, He devised a shrewd scheme of bookkeeping whereby he could conceal his embezzlements, and succeeded in stealing &'ï85,-He is doing seven years for
washed overboard und drowued, but some were descried from
were soon
To be Continued
FOOD OF POOR RUSSIANS.
parts of Russia the only I food for the people consists at present of acorns, leaves and the soft bark of trees.
In some
with nervousness never
J
who are strain of

(kw
V

hi 4 crime.
The,re is aiso the son of an English nobleman who was convicted for betraying some political information. A well-known public official who was 1 Comptroller of the Po-st Office and had b on an English Captain of Volunteers, was decorated three times lor bravery, but who embezzled tki.dOO ,H now working in the sewers of the city.
i

%
\

deaf
s
IM
!
X.
r


%
o talk



m
k
/a##


1>
i

%
X
Zl
i
TESTING OCEAN BEDS
s
vV

¦m

The British Government keeps 11

i
M • vessels at work sounding and charting
A the ocean beds to find out where dan-
Last year 10,UOO 'square
1


L

*
gera lurk roilei were carefully charted Lu different parts of the world—Asia, Africa and the South Pacific.

others laughed, to be the fool of her company, when most eager to underpistol in Barry’s possession was it not stand, to see life only from one nar-more likely that he would have shot row stand point, and hear it not at all
th«* thief? A -I the weapon was St. | with	______
George’s, not Barry's.
Again, buiglara do not as a rule
%

8

m
(

\
&

/
\
A DILEMMA
Wisdom at one entrance quite shut out "
go anywhere without being pretty this was the life of Elizabeth, and she sure of their ground, and if they had had borne it, yea, and gayly, with love received information from a confeder- to turn all Its broken promise to gold; ate in the house, they would probably but now that love was gone, the sil-! nof have bt*en surprised at all, but I ence seemed to touch her heart, and J departed with the same ease as they | she shrank farther into her chilly lone-
I

Aunt Clara—Why, Nellie, what’s the mallei ! You look worried?
Nellie—Oh, auntie. I don't
HOW THEY HATE.
Mm. Greene—How came you to r% commend tha# girl you had to Mrs. Gray ? You kc< hated the gii 1 Mra. Brown—Ye her <ui much as 1 tio Mrs. Gray

r.


v

know
wlia.t to do. Jack, says he’ll take to drink if [ don't marry him, and Tom says he ll atop drinking if I become
you sa.d you actually

ut Î don’t hate
SAMPLE UROUP OF BOER MARKSMEN.




fcS&aEPK 1 a»
‘	, i t*’ 5







###PAGE###7###

the cattle to pull together bf orack-f ing a rawhide lash 12 feet or 18 feet long attached to a bamboo at ink.
"In order that I he at rain may be diminished a# much as possibly ami the moat economical use inn y be made of the transport, the line of communication will be divided into sections.
The distance between these sections muât de|w>nd on local circumstances, though, Art » general rule, where no attack la apprehended and an escort is unnecessary, the intervals «houId be short, six mi lew loaded nnd six miles
return being considered	Oananoque, Nov. 20.—Mr	* .
A GOOD JOURNEY.	Boucher, of this town, suffered with	wide that	is stripped	(rum	the	tree
The advantage of this system over the1 Kidney Disease for eighteen years,	easily.	While damp	the	bark, which
ordinary convoy is obvious. Transport And for the best part of that e g 1 ®®® jH very thin, is crinkled so as to form
eBEi*
BE «AWK FErHSEH ÉHHHB™
mule* and equipment ready. There that Dodd’s Kidney Pilla have cured	manta
will, consequently, be little delay in hundreds of others right in his own
moving t force to the front, A rest town.	MAKING WORK FOR IC DOCTOR9|lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll|llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll|||||||l||||ll||||lll|||||ll!l!lllllllll||lll|lllllll!ll!l|lll|||lll!lllllllllllllllllllll||||||||llllll|||||ll|llll|l|lllllllllll|||lllll
camp and a remount depot have also . It is hard to unde island. Na ura per- •	Walker—1 don’t see whv the
ESeSil mëàMWz
ESSEmE ggg## ^msfcaûe
vitals to the field hospitals at the ad- F.lls at list and is a healthy man in vance depot, and thence along the line consequence of communication to the base, is car- He writes
Bise*
and smoothly carried out remains to	- - -•---- effec( ive t0 emp|oy in any ra,.e of Ir. lt-
bs proved Upon the working of the	WHY WEAR HATS ?	able Throat, Kelid Breath, Bronchitis,
lines of communication deixends the	--- Oalarrh and Asthma. >'or sal» at all
base to the troops at the front. It is in ^srlng hats ? asked Pearson’s
yiœtz#"	T».,, ». .b„.......
well as of varied experience. Ihese why we ahoald wear clothes
qualities may cerlainly be ascribed to	wear them for the sake of de- Mr. Tompkins
Col Ward, Assistant Adjutant-Goner- ce for the sake of warmth ; or for aj to Sir George W’hHe, and to Col.	„
Richardson, who wi11 act in a similar the sake of p y rapacity to Sir Red vers Ruller. Roth reasons applies to the wearing ot hats
have served in African campaigns, nnd of
hnvf proved the.rwlves masters in the lfaut are warin, 8Uch as the Icelander's	. „iulh,llloompl„i3,, n.nd25«=,.for trial
Hi'Zd by a numTrTyo,",K%ir:r: sealskin hood or the fisherman', toque, the Army Service Corps w ho have but, asa rule, there is no real warmi q
When a wo-

SAMOAN G raw

FROM GANANOQU
BRITISH ARMY FEEDINU

Purl y gowns for Samoan girls grow
n.
on I be tropie-al trees and almost ready for wear
HHWli' ii u n it »ve beauty <>t Correspondent Writes That Dodd S gk*moa decides to go to a special enter-
Kidney Pills Have Cured Him of Kidney Disease.
THE PLAN OK TRANSPORT SERVICE ARRANGED FOR NATAL.
nd strength the# ts*Lee.
g», 40, 50 and 60o
CEYLON TEA «Æt
Lead package#—
tainiuent she enters the forest to look
The native kiki,
for her gala attire is (he only addition to her ordinary costume tbit the h;unoon girl piovides for special parties the kiki grows on the li tree
Hirer IMwII»,1 red Tone of Supplies m l»n> Needed 1er un Army forp*- Kellttey * r* lee MNpplriu> tiled by Wagons.
When one c.oiieidei» that an army oon» lu the field require» 300 tons of store» and supplies every day, it is easy to realize the vital imiortance of the transport and supply services, tod the working of linen of communication in such ii .campaign ne that which line commenced in South Afri-
IMPORTANT TO LADIES I
paislel Moueher Kxpe rim rated With WedI cine* far Klghleea Wears - Wimmlif rersuuded In Try IMf» ftldaaf Wive Hex#» fared Him*
'] he material for
To make lore that when you wish t-> e<>lor any article, fit. : Dn-«see, Suit*,	s*£
thing that require* dyelsg, that y->u gut, the b**t dye In the market, known »• IfUff K OTftS. ¦<*•# Jfl the Inteat and p.»*itlr#.y tke b«nt that ean be produced, a* they will dye Cotton. Silk, Wool or Mistil ' VtftrV JTjfl
a results, without the r»«M;«t*sity of a preparation bath to make them take the dye, a* BOMB DYM P DY KM. an 1 a trial pv’ksj* will o>o*moe you that their will do ml we elwm for therm l>o not be put off with toiosthlng Ju*t a* go d, beoa.is^ / u know what failure you n*re had in th* »n*t, tberelorf ask for UUM* UTE8 and Insist on getting them. To be had of your druggist, or mailed direct free of poets*» lOo pack age, or I for 25 cent*. Have you tried them f If not. get a package and be
TORONTO HOME DYE CO., Toronto
It von-
Daniel * * " * » of a ribbon of bark a few Inches
•aualif aegt aie known m thn ON E 1)1
oouvinoed
with all her cares and labors soon becomes nervous and weary, and unless she has something to aid her will have that constant tired feeling, headaches, dyspepsia, and all their disagreeable consequences, chronic constipation, etc.
The
Farmer’s
Wife DR. WARD’S
Blood & Nerve
The Duke of Wellington, a* a Cape Town correspondent writing on thin subject, remind*» us, prided himself less on hie tactical skill, than on his success in feeding the army under his command. During the Peninsular War more order# were issued on the subject, of feeding the troops and on the working of line# of communication than on any other question. It remains to he seen whether Sir Red vers Duller will be able to make a similar boaafc to that of the Iron Duke. Rut whatever shortcoming» may be revealed in South Africa within the next few weeks, ami already there are grumblings to be heard, the criminal folly of 1854 cannot be repeated. When the British troops landed in the Crimea the transport for the whole army consisted of seventy-five muh-ei and a few carts, while the eu;yp 1 y service was equally parsimonious. Thus the army More Sebastopol, though encamped six or seven miles from the harbor or Balaclava-filled with shi|*s andstores—was losing men daily for want of food and fire. As a contrast one may turn to the Soudan campaign of 1898, when a British array, was operating in the heart of Africa .with a single line of communication extending over
1,000 MILES FROM ITS BASE
Pills
EAT HEARTILY AND DIGEST THE FOOD PROPERLY.
will also find himself greatly benefited by the
use of these AIDS TO HEALTH AND VIGOR.
We have at our office thousands of testimonials, and will send a book of information con* taining some of these, free on application.
The Man of the House
For eighteen years 1
To Cure Catarrh and Stay Cured
All Druggists, or
Toronto, Ont.
50 Cents per box, five boxes for $2
00
SAM. WILLIAMS & CO
• »
Unkindest Out of All—I am working for posterity, said the artist. What grudge have you against it? asked his gUNm** friend.	m,Vli
Cheapest and Beet Covering In the Werltf
PIPE AND ¦OILER
Covering
8team and Hot and Cold Water Pipe», Cold Storage p pea Kitchen Boilers. eu>.
For particulars apply to
MICA BOILER COVERING CO., Limited,
MONTRIAL MITEL DIRECTORY
Ths^'Mlaïm^rai/’^née Buj
Am Mam.
#I 60 & up.
Toruoio, Montreml, au<l London. ling.
Hatel Carslake,
Co.. Props.
3
PAD QAIE________OP. TO LET - PROVINCE
bun wHLE Ontario, Wellington C<"nte,
¦ City of Guelph Ont.no Agnaultural Oollafm. M el Farm, etc, west half lot 2, 0- neetalon L **Tn 1mm. Krin Tewnshlp, 100 acre., Af, under cultiva lion, baia*## wooded. Large stone house, umllar full else, wood a» addition, bank barn, 46x60, with Ktstlea unde ue» Ml root ho m mod #hwI. ; apple orchard, some pluma and pears, bearing; well, cistern, and never falling stream I rich lead; good neighborhood, three miles from ratlwaJ station and markets. 10 minute»' from i>oet efflee, ehurul and store ; beet of school. Hale on east tenn*. Appl#
THOM AH I» DOCKRAY,
34 Victoria *t., Toruuto.
OT R. Station, àloe real. Oee Cafelakeà
AVENUE HOUSE-G
----- per day.	__
ST. JAMES’ HOTEL-M^. 1LW
Railway. First class Commercial Weuee. Medtrn im provemenU— Rates moderate.
Getting Matters Ad justed—You are We half an hour late at our appoint ment,
Yea ; I stopped to get Well, be kind enough
But condition» in South Africa are very different, and the lines of rorn-m n mention eapec i a 11 y will be a far more difficult problem. According to the meal# for mobilization in the pree-i net an ce each battalion of 1,000 office ns and men lia» 16 vehicles, 58
draught hordes, three puck animals and thirty-two drivera. As the plan of ramiHiign is not yet fully revealed, it is, of courue, impossible to lay down what will be the exact plans, routes, etc., for the supply, transport and communication. The general character of the scheme has, however, been determined .Assuming that there will he a single line of communication through Natal to the Transvaal frontier, Durban will be the base, and Ladysmith the advance depot. The correspondent proceeds :
"Sir iSdwarci Chichester is respon-
my luncheon
_	, to sit down and wait while I go out
None of these aQ(j get
mine
How many fellows have called on sister this week Î Five. That
your —	.	,
doesn’t include me, does it T
Sister says you don’t count
en*.
CALLA LILY CREAM
O, no,
there are head-coverings
Agents
course
W. P. C. 999
MEN OR WOMEN
?11 perte of Ceoeds meke 3 to 5 dol d üly. Latest Improved Cooker, water guage, ail com parte» en U changeable. Decided ad va# tag** of
¦itSïs‘".«,!rsK‘»
H
done transport work in many parts in the of either sex of Africa
CALVERT'S
¦sssssesEgg
-«tiBSSSîFi
Sharp Little Thing!—Papa, said 1 he man pins a slight structure of straw missionary worker’s little daughter, I and artificial flowers on the top other am playing that my dolls are heathen.
That is nice, dear.	And—and—papa,
I want ten cents to pay my salary.
3
KRCXX
KIDNEY DISEASE.
hair, she never for an instant imagines that the thing will keep her from tak-
The masculine top hat is
296 College Street, lo-onto
aw
oil»
BALDNESS CURED.
supply
ing cold
ceriainly warm on a hot day, but it is very far from warm in cold weather.
.Neither are hats worn for the purpose of display. Doubtless there are times when women mate the hat the
of displaying their fondness
itlCLlANCE CIGAR t A U1 OR Y, Mon treat
La Tosoana, 10c.
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
ENGLAND
positively and p
manently cures Baldness, Hair Falling
Out, Dandruff, etc., and readers the hair eo* glossy and beau' iful tesumoelala from leading Toro» to gentlemen. Price $1.00 per bottle
ROSE & CO.,
235 RuneessnUee Ave, Toronto.
ROSE’S •• Hair Grower
er«
THE RESULT IS OFTEN A LIFE OF
PAIN AND MISERY.
manoh ester.
Pushing Along the Good Work—My wife got up a charity card, party last week. Did she have any success with it ? J should say she did 1 Took in almost enough to pay for the prizes.
Music iii leathers iSE Wanted
Nr. Haw Id Crow HI, of Nor# en, !S. ft, Mae An Intrnar HnNerer mad Almoal Hit-I»Hired of Finding a Care—Tell» Ike Htery ef llli Keleaee.
occasion
for dead birds, muslin flowers, and beautiful objects, but this is
that
EVERY CATHOLIC YOUNG MAN
“ Pharaoh 10o."%=&%'
ai hie for this disembarkation of troops, and store#. The work will be difficult for no large ah 11 *s can safely enter the harbor at Durban, on account of the bar and the heavy seas that tend to diminish i he depth of water. Hoirie# have to be landed in lighters, —a costly and tedious operation, which is eu true ted, under military and naval supervision, to a civil contractor. As
the stores are received they
The .Vadien, Wolfeville, N. S.
Recently a reporter of the Acadien ;	wben fashion has decreed
rfSsSf Sr ~Hrrrr
David Crowell, a highly respected rest- cessfully used for displaying anything-dent of Hortonville.	As for men’s hats they never display
Below is his experience, in substance, anything exempt the atrocious taste,
aa he gave it to us:-“About two years which makes them fashionable. Why ago for the. first time in my life, I be- then, in the name of all that is sensi-l0 realize fully what ill health ble> do men and women wear hats?
meant. The first symptom was a As a rule every man and every wo-feeling of overpowering drowsiness man looks better without a bat than P® wbich crept overme at times. Often with one. This is why we all Lake off I would beat work in the field when our bat8 at the opera! or at an evendrowsiness would seize me and l ing party. And yet we cling to a would find that it required the exer- CUBtam that has not a word to be said CI8e of all my will-power to keep in it8 behalf. We persista in wearing awake. In a short tim>3 1 was attacked tbe ugly, useless and injurious baL bv sharp piercing pains, which shot xVhy do we do it? i should like to through the lower part of my £ind a good Irish echo that would ans-At first this did not trouble me wer the question at length, and in a very much during the day, but at satisfactory way. nigh! the pain became almost unendurable and often I would not close
throughout the whole night.
_. and loathing tor
Sometimes I would
hould pe nses» » copy of “ The Uasholte Stsdopt s Ms» oil of Instruction sad Praysre," for all seasons of Keolesiastioal Year. Compiled by s relisions. «Bdee iAâ immediate supervision of the Reverend H. Rouiol. F-S. 8 Professor of Moral Theelegy. G read Seminary MooP-real, Canada It com tarns Litergical Payers Indolences. Devotions, end Pious Bsoffisos for every ooA sion. end for all seasons of the Xjoi^iasllsal Yes#.
711 pages. 4 full page i luKraUOns. leslhieolotk. rouad
Prt“T<5. •AnLil* * 0#..
116» Notre Dam# St . Montreal.
6 Ct.,
168 Yonft 81., TORONTO, ONT
At other
Mrs. Tellington—Poor Mr. Moon-about is very absent-minded, Isn’t hef Mr. Tellington—Yes ; his latest freak was to lose his pocket book and then look for it among the p's in the dictionary.
was
Dr
Solid Gold,...$2.86 Best Gold Fill 1.60 5 yrsGold Fill 1.00 Beet Glasses..- 100
Michigan Land for Sale.
T# Cl RE A COLD IB ONE DAY
Take Laxative Broino Quinine Tablets. AU druggists refund the money if It falls to cure. K. W. Grove’s signature 1b on each box.
soon an ¦ ¦ m m ¦ ¦ ¦
will be woi ted and sent to the front
by rail and road.
" The single line on railway from Durban winds northward through h By country, there being a steady ascent along it» entire route. Ladysmith. 189 mile», from the coast, is 3,284 feet above
the sea.	1	.
’ The carrying capacity of this line is accordingly limited, and must fall far short of the requirements of 300 tons a day. not to s|*eak of men. sick and wounded, and ammunition. The deficiency has to be made up by wagon transport along roads which in
ports will be by	Lsseci mv lips, sickness and vomiting of money
MULE AND TREK-OX.	would follow. I became greatly	re-	barrel	of	boiling	malt	and	was
Owing to the rinderpest, these ani-	(|uce(, in f|P8h and in a short time was	verely	8calded	that	the	doctors said
mills are rather scarce in South Afn- but a wreck of my former self.; lhe	skin-grafting was the only remis sr:	: ecr	.. i—
of four thousand pounds, and the trans- wiae improved l>eyond gainsay nnd I| tice of the queen, nort will be worked in sections of twen- felt eure the pills were responsible tv wagons Mules do well on crushed	for lt i took two more boxes and	be-
mealies or maise, but should have from	fore they were all used the pain in	my
three to four hours’grazing, if they are back bad wholly disappeared my ap-	_
ESAis 1	i t-,-
r;'~ tor •i'“ to“™ '“"i ssv-r«.«r. z	n.
ar&J* :mte« s	; T„	zjr
gulating their hours of work, Fifteen	a|1(1 wires through the conduit portuntty of a lifetime.
ritrbt bourn a day. or for more than 4(l0 lf8t at one winding. This new
boar More raiSt. "fhéJ’drêwb^ka are not without compensations, six-
iBRSBr
We guarantee perfect satisfaction.
GLOBE OPTICAL CO.,
1
Mrs. New rich—Oh, dear, no I My husband don't have to be in business no more. He's just a gentleman now. Mrs. Bluegore—That must be a pleasant change for him.
OS Yonge St feet, T oronto
the
WASTED - Mr# to travel, salary or oommieaioe ; eiperi-en ce ua necessary. Write LU XSSkOS.OO., Moalroat_ WASTED^Saiesaise ; " ArWortne7’ protects fruit tree! fro» all pests ; $30.96 week. AR10R1NK CO . Montreal.
MAIL
STEAMSHIPS
to Liverpool, colling et Mollies Westbound.
and fast Steamers Vancouver, Dominion, Cambroman.
First Cabin JJOo.
-,-u. «
DAVID TOERAJCE
Dominion Line
O’KEEFE'S
MALT
Pftfe-inr’ft 0OLD OURS lOo. Cure# in a jlfy. P. Me
UarlCr O Coimuck A Co., Agente. Montreal
OF
Portland, Me
back
Invigorates and Strengthens.
LLOYD WOOD, Toronto. GENERAL AGENT
Large
cts'asffiSatfs
Druggists, or 881 Queen W. Toronto.
— 1Z m m 'm Mille. Mille â Males.
\ÊkÊ Bar rie ta re. etc., removed
I__H VV to Wesley Bldgs.. Rich
MMBm m W W m0nd 3L W.. Toronto.
rewarded by royalty.
little fellow in Karl Froh
My income is small, said a rather dilatory lover, and perhaps it is cruel of me to take youl from your father’s roof
was the prompt reply
upward»: Second
A brave
mueller, whom the Queen of Wurtem-has lately honored with a gift Karl's sister fell into a
Rut I don’t* live on the roof,
burg
WINDING WATCH,
CTEM
w (Lady'» or Gent's), SOLID GOLD RING, »n AUTOHARP. ACCORDS-AON,» VIOLIN or GUITAR, for sell ng 9 boxes of Dr. Prloe's Sarsaparilla Blood Pills at 30c. per — box. DONT SEND MONEY, W simply send your name and ad 7 dress and we will send you the Pills, poet paid, with our Catalogue. S«ll them snd remit ue the Daymen! we will sei d you the premium you — select These Pills cure Impur* blood, rheumatism, liver nnd kidney diseases, sod sll stomach trouble». Pills returnable if not sold. Write ue at euce and mention this paper
PRICE MFC. CO., •• Bay Street, Toronte, Oat.
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
MHBBgl
so se
ra
THE DES MOINE# INODBATON—Beet and eheepeet
L°,	|
Ufuntefi-lN ALL VILLAGES AND TOWNS-"Bni,uAflK.VTH to sell Sunlight Acetylene One Machines on commission. For infoi motion write Room 97, Freehe d Building,
60 Victoria Street, Toronto.
we
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
$100 Reward, $100.
i.o. o.as
Cure lithe only positive cure now known to w»d bladder 59» A |1 a box. Write for particulars, The the medical fraternity. Catarrh being % cons- Indian Catarrh Cure Co., 146 St. Jamee-st. Montreal, ti rational diseane, requires a constitutional '------------------
giving the patient strength by building up the Cer West-Market â Oelhome St., Tarante,
«V. S3 JT&Sw cure $2.00 % ” Mi? Ska represent »
SiltiCTrilU^tb. be*	«.t iLLifiSSU On.
TWO BILLION BICYCLES.
It is estimated that about 2,000,000,1,09 bicycles lave been made in Europe and America.
7
DOING without the dots.
' waa formerly
The small letter
without the dot. The dot was the fourteenth century
e"in hasty
l
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
from
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
RELIABLE
JAM. N. ANHBTT, Manager.
JOHN J. MAIN, Sept
1
i
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
GO.
WOOD-* Photo Engraving v
^ J L.JONES ENG.C? ^
% 8 10 ADLLÀIULSrW lORONTO.

Dyeing 1 Cleaning I
For the very best mend yonr work the
Esplanade,
Opp. Sherboume St.,
Toronto
•• BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Look for agent In your town, or send direct
Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec
X
High Class Water Tube Steam Boilers, for All Pressure#, Duties and Fuel.
SBND FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOG US.
ROKCO
HEAD OF THE HOUSE
jfcA -^r***dé A&rnJ a/*<
«BBM
McSwaIters—Where is your mother-
00,164 Qweea every locality.
E^he EOKt
M
% uwS
B..T
tu
n a
I
###PAGE###8###
The Shaw ville Marble and Oran-ito Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turn»out a superiorclass of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
r
Hash is King.

I
i
X?
The social given by the Lidies' Aid of the Methodist Chuich in Elliott's Hall on Wednesday evening Ins», was one vf the most successful ot the season. There was a good attendance and a very creditable entertainment was provided, judging from the comments that naturally follow those enterprises.
Hunter’s Rifle did It.
The Triumph of Gerçius.
( )ooooooooooOoooooooooo( ) o	°
MV TERMS
CHRISTMAS
GOODS!
One hundred \earn ago the thriftv housewife washed, sorted, eomhed and carded the wool she first spun ami then wove into a coarse fabric, devoid of pattern or design " homespun of our grnrnlsiroH. Today every process in the manufacture of t weeds reveals the marvellous progress of the vent tin, not only in inventive and mechanical skill, hut in the pleasing and artistic blending of harmonious colors, until the superb designs we are proud to place before you for the fall and winter season are in truth the Triumph of Evnius.
To-day the power of ready money is the most patent factor In every line of trade. There is no greater price maker than Spot Cash, and there is no place where it will do more m the line of making you look plea s.uit than at a. r. m'guirv s. s haw vibe's leading merchant tailor. Our stylish suit >
our straight forward, trade
it mph cm
o
o
o
\K1
o
o
o
o
o STRICTLY CASH "	o
OoooouooooooooooooooooO
Bx adhering closely to this rule it enables me to do watch and clock repairing.
11 everything in my line at
u
thv
Biilttf Caufiticati, of Gatineau Point returned last week from West Hull township where, under instruction* from Our* Wright, ef Hull, he m ule a thorough searching investigation into the death of Paul Bel&ire, who was fatally allot a couple of weeks ago. Cousineau is satittied on the strength ef his investigations that Reluire w as accidentally shot by so me pinsing hunter, of whom the district was well supplied. A strange feature i f the was brought to light by some of Bvlaire’s neighbors. They stated to the otliver tlini the dead man had told them two days before ho received the fatal shot, that he was splitting wood outside his door when » bullet passed through his hat occasion he neither heard a report nor saw the maik-mnn, so that it would appeal the shot was tired from a great distance. On the second occasion, when Belairo received the fatal shot in the breast, be was standing inside the house, through thv window of which the deadly missile sped. Relairv had just mllivient strength to stagger cut deers, where ho was found a few hours afterwards BailiffCousineau could find no reason why the shooting should (75 and above, 1st clast; 50 to 75, 2nd ! hive been done with evil intout, as Belli re
was a peaceable man, making no enemies, and one who had never been attacked or robbed of money or goods house was an isolated one, surrounded by dense bush in which game was plentiful and through v\ hich sp irtemen hunted continuously.
ner
1
HOCK BOTTOM PRICES.
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
I
cast
Our goods are guaranteed a $*s worth for a $ every time........
Presents for Everybody !
our nri winning methods uu
liliMts.
i
lM!
GOODWYN
Oil this
-The Watchmaker-
ARNPRIOR,
ONT. | 9	?
$?»?« «**•?&• o*«?*«•©*e •->*<:• »«e*e#?#
Look out for our com
. . plete list of . .
Academy Examinations For
November.
FILLED FULL OF LEAD.
Body of Khalifa is Literally Riddled by Bullets.
OTTAWA &GATINEÂÜRÏ
i
At IDEM Y DEP T
CHANGE OF TIME.
Summertime card as below will take I Cairo, Dec. 1.—Oltioers from the Sou- class; below 50, 3rd class.)
NO* 1 Train Ar%0,^:::::;::::.HW S.% j whlo G en. wïngaYJV f orce 6o ve rt o^k the
No. 3 Train Leave	Ottawa.s.ov n.m.	Khalifa, the latter tried to outflank the	Kenneth A ay I or
Angi,,E«nsm„.bu,ww.	w.
No. tlTrain Arrive	Ottawa.8.15p.m.	i position was hopeless, the Khalifa to.d	Clarence Mjkr
S::^v
Nos. l and 2, dally except Sunday.	tln-n spread a sheep skin on	the ground,	English	Grammar-	Kenneth Nay
Nos. 3 and 4 daily except Saturday and	wj.jl the emirs on either side	of h m
8Nos5yànd 6 Saturday only.	Too Khalifa was found shot through Arthur Wilson.
Nos. 7 and 8 Sunday only.	the head, heart, arms and legs, and the Clarence Naylor.
,,7EMrkYrRo" h TNX^Ag™?!1"1 S I emir, were lying beside him.	The m,m	Gordon	llodgin..
St., or 31 Central Chambers. Ottawa.	here of the body guard were	all dead, m	Grade	II.—Lila	Wain man
P. W. REftJEMAN, front of them.	Winnie Knox....
I Gen. Wingate’s force swept over them 0harlie Burroughs without recognizing the Khalifa and his Hilliard Wainmao. emirs, hut they were identified liter.
,	: The Khalifa is described as of medium	()J^a n.ihms.
! weight, s*out, of light brown color, and	/0jja j)raper
, wearing a long, grey beard
X’MAS NOVELTIES
ruvï AL UECiCIiAPIIY —UKADE 111
Bela ire’s
NO
08
00
03
01
in next week’s
The naval authorities have decided to bring back the remains of the victims of the Maine disaster and bury them in American soil.
80
lor
00
58
O
EQUITY.
90
gents wanted for ••the life
anti Achievement# of Admiral Dewey. ” the world’s greatest naval hero/ By Murat Halstead, the lifelong friend and admirer of the nat lone idol. Hugest and best book; over 5-hi pages sxlü inches; nearly llki pages halftone Illustrations. Only c‘1.50. Enormous demand, nig commissions, outfit live, (banco ot a lifetime. Write quick. Tnt- Dominion Company, 3rd Floor Caxton Bldg, Chicago
A
78
70
75
Pontiac Paie Junction Et
50
Arthur Knox
63
E. HODCINS & SON.
48
o
41
Lillie Dilwonh........
Edna Armstrong........
Jennie Wilson.........
Grade L — Lavina Ross
Official Time Table :
Ab

AM
AMERICANS IN LONDON
PM
Tenders for Wood.
Arrive 9.45
Aylmer tBreekenrtdge t'Eardley Parker’s Crossing t ’ Mohrs Qu yon Wyman’s tTank Bristol McKee’s Shaw ville Clark ’s
Campbell’s Bay tTank î Vinton Cou longe •Mellon’s Waltham
•Flag Station. tTank. t"Flag Station
5.45 Leave
80
9.21
tiOJ
Expressions of Friendship for Claude Shaw Britain m the War With the
Boers.
80
9.06
6.12
Tenders for wood will be received up till 15th of December. The wood is to he I ^ delivered at Liven Luke elicc^e factory | (luring winter months. 20 cords of mixed wool and 10 eon Is of dry pine. 2 feet long. \ Tender* will be received separately. Lowest or titiv tender not necessarily accepted.
THUS. K. AlLMhTliOMi,
Secretary.
8.5S
6.18
«•

Wilfrid Armstrong Lin don Hodgins.. Percy McCredie... L >uie Dilwortli . ..
i o
»«
8.5
626
58
«•
40
6.37
8.22
6.47
4(i
8.14
II I fflSe ibHE S
- !!• I and was marked by enthusiastic demon- v>illfe k.i,aw;.
:!(>v Istrations of friendship for England in the _*nnlv> ^rmstrong
war against the Boers. A striking Lynda Lang.........
speech by Ambatsad. r Choite a’ong that Arithmetic-Grade II -W mine
line, and the presence of the uniformed	Knox....................
. __ .. nurses and doctors of the American hos- Arthur Knox...................
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway p,tal ahip ^aine> were the features of Edna Armstrong..
I Aylmer.	I the occasion.	Lila Wain man....
Mr. Choate, in response to a toast to his Charlie Burroughs general SUPERINTENDENT | own health, which was received with loud Hillard W a in man
________________________ j cheering, said there could not be a bet
ter prelude to what he had to say than a ( dga Dili ms. . reniaik that had been made to him. Jennie \N llson
Zella Draper
14
•.56
38
ti
8.58
37
• é
7.04
7.26
23
7.45
O
8.00
S 03
O
8.12
O
1
S .30
4*
Tenders for Wood.
A. SMILEY
“	6.39
Leave 6.30
1.47
8-55 Arrive
90
9
05
Public notice K hereby given that the Board of School Commissioners of the Municipality of Clarendon will receive tenders for tire-wood for the thirteen schools in the Municipality up to 10 of the clock, a. m., of Tuesday, Dec. 5th. 1st#9. The quality required is dry pine, maple or birch or beech.
I
81
SHAW VILLE, -- QUE.,
Desires to thank his customers for the liberal patronage they have given him during the past year, and specially calls attention to the fact that he has
Beautiful Show of Cutters-^£>
ready for the first snow. Call and see them. THE IMPROVED HINGED DAVSH aq important feature.
P. S.—Root Pulpers and Grain Grinders.
05
P. W. UESSEMAN.
00
42
;t(i
Lillie Dilwortli
33
Bv Order *11. MATHESOX. Sec.-Treasurer
i
0
“ Let England and America clasp hinds across the sen, and the peace of the world
He referred sym-


Grade 1.—Annie Armstrong
Wilfrid Armstrong
Shaw ville, Nov. 2ft h, lss.HI
80
is absolutely secure pathetically to the losses sustained by the British families through the war. and
Fortunately, English

TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT NOV. 13, 1899.
EASTERN DIVISION.
78
Lavina Ross
Wood Tenders.
i
Lyman Horner Lindon Hod gins Willie Shaw Percy McCredie Percy Heeneyj.. Claude Shaw... Lynda Lang.... Louie 1)3 worth. Harold Armstrong Mildred Armstrong
00
* » * *
went on to say
have not far to look for living proofs of this human sympathy. Neutral as America must be, her women could not bo neutral. To neutralize them would le to spoil them. The American women in London who have fitted up a hospital a\ ip have done a deed that will live for ill time, as a blessing to our common humanity."
After declaring that the action of the United States in endeavoring to look Vo- | after British interests in the Transvaal
reciprocate
}
men
55
Tenders will he received, addressed to the undersigned, up to the 15th day of DECEMBER, next, for ! lie delivery at the Academy of thirty-five cords of green Hardwood (Maple, Birch or Beech) and fifteen cords good sound Dry l’ine : the whole to he not les* than two feet in length and to he split tine. Delivery in month of .January. Payment when delivered.
50
48
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOURS.
44
41
40
Ab
0OME AND SEE US
C Pontiac’s Greatest 4 Furniture Store !
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
II. I.ANG, Sec.-Treas Shawville, Xev. 27. 1MW.
At the general conference of the Ilo'i-ueia Movement he’d in Ottawa Inst week, it was decided to apply to Parliament for incorporation.
I. wal-stops at all in ternir liate stations. Ar
Vallvvtit-M, connects
a (>.10 A.M,

Montreal xt. for Cornwall and points wes
Tenders for Wood WANTED.
. ssr-sr s:
Montreal 11 15 a.m. Dull man parlor car attached.	Spain, Mr. Ch(B O said
the 1,^1 RU.lwriUJ. at Pretoria Pullman parlor cv.r at- | seemed to think that this would not be
quite tho proper thing. Yet 1 can but hope that the prohibition will Ultimately be removed, so that we may be permitted to act m this errand of mere humanity.’
a 8.45 A.M
“ Vufortuna

at
:
b 8.45 A.M.
Agents Our book cm South Africa and the British-Boer War is a regular bonanza for agents. Big cheap hook. Sells on sight. Outfit free. Bkadley-Oarret&on Co., Limited,
Brantford, Ont.
Tenders will he received by the undersigned up to the 2nd day of January. 11)00, fur Sixty cords of good, sound Yellow Birch and Maple Stove wood, to he delivered within the corporation of Slmwville by March 1st, 15*00. None of the wood to lie less than 20 inches In length and tube compactly piled to a uniform height of four feet.
Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. m txvhecl.
Loral — for Rrck’and # and Intermediate pts.
Limited—Stops Alexandria and Coteau .1 :
only. Arrives Montreal 0.50 p. m. Pullman pirlnr car* attached. Connects with trains for Quebec,
Portland, Halifax and all points east I M cal.
8LX | Additional Local News.
B >ston T a. m„ New York 7.20 a. m. Has through
Wagner Wg}»	I Hyacinthe Gauthier, a Lowe town,hip
!>••>•) 1 #11# ate stations. Arrive Mon- mvn, wae last week lined for illegally sell
i .ns Mqu»'., He had w k»d over flHO
ear to Montreal.	a* the result of hts imprudence.
.Tôtnrtîiœ-ww : dear Mr. editor =
3L	I	•-**) AiaUi and intermediate points.	Will you kindy call attention	in	your
a	1	1.20	A.M. K°,»,-{-orkn. New	'a'u.ble paper to the fact that	it	i. my
England and New York points, Montreal, leaving at i intention to call a teachers conference at 7.30 a. m. stop at lo-al stations, lias Wagner Shawville on Friday, Dec. 8th, to begin
L	j	•> 1	Limited — from	at 10, a. m., and to address at	4,	p. m.
3t	X	-w® I vf	li v/Uxi Montreal and jits.	Teachers are expected to attend	as	these
east, leaving there at 9 40 a.m: Stops at Alexandria conferences take the place of one of my visa i* Q 1> \ï°r Limited—from Montreal its. TheDepartment undertakes to pay the &	1 •lu. leaving4.05p.m. Stops teachers’ expersps, and the Code provides
X/“d.iIL-lS'.vIi- L inter- I that they do not lose the days Teacher, •fil*) I exile mediate points Cornwall, are expected from Litchfield, 1 home, Kingston. Toronto and points west. Has Pullman j Legjje| Clarendon and Bristol, except
paTl 1K	‘ those of the latter who did not attend at
Quyon
a P.40 A.M a 4.20 P.M.


Car-load of Goods just added to our . , . Extensive Stock. . . .
A

_	, :—( )ur Christmas books are
ready. From Fifty cents up. Four Ixioks explained in one prospectus.
Famous Men and Great
Agents
Tenders also required up to the same date for the delivery of 'I'hirtv cords of maple and birch coni wood, to he cut out of large green timber.
Cash on fulfilment of contracts lowest or any tender not necessarily ac cepted
One is
Events <>f the Nineteenth Century." Great battles; great men; great inventions and discoveries; a progress of nations; every great event of the Century. If you have a slow selling book or engaged in other agency business, you lose money to continue. Hero is the best opportunity for making money you ever had. Big commission; big profit; easy time; new plan; get our offer sure.
Bradley Garretson Co., Limited,
Brantford, Ont.
The
Come where you have the advantage of selecting from a big, wide ranging
and well-assorted display.

GEORGE CATER
Shawville, Nov. 21, 18911
gHAWVILLE

Elegant Parlor, Dining and Bedroom Suites, Spring Mattresses—all the different makes,
Fibre Mattresses,
Chairs—an endless variety, ranging in style from the most beautifully finished to the plainest kitchen article.
PHOTO
STUDIO.
Agents Christian Endeavor, Epworth League and B. Y. P. V Members,
There is nothing lil^e taking advantage of opportunities...............
e e • • •
f
14 Light of Life is a treasure house of information. We need Christian men aud women and others who desire to do good and make money, to circulate this wonderful book. Bradley-Garreston Co., Limited,
Brantford, Out.
Middle & Western Divisions.
Yours truly,
A. L. Gilman.
TO INTENDING BUYERS
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Ontral Depot :
For Arnprior. i Egan ville Peml-rokH Bay, Whitney, Canoe Lake, Tarry Sound and inter mediate points.
We are giving a SPECIAL OFFEH. for a short time only, and would like you to give us a call.
AT CABINETS, Glaze Finish, $2.00 per doz. $1.00 per half doz.
g& CABINETS, Dull Finish, $2.50 per doz. $1.60 per half doz.
(Higher prices according to style of card.) tiT SUNBEAMS, 75 cents per doz. gar CRAYON PORTRAIT for $3.50. ENLARGEMENTS in Crayon or Pastel.
We offer a word of advice. Everything entering into the manufacture of Furniture is advancing in cost, and consequently the price of the finished article must go up. The advantage of buying at once is therefore obvious. Our prices have been graded to suit the conditions of trade and at the same time shaved down to the lowest reasonable figure, ns an inspection of our mammoth stock will convince.
Renfrew, . B ’rrv's
8.00 A.M.
Report of Elmside Cnees©
Factory.
X4L
Agents Dreyfus ; the prisoner of Devil’s Island. Full story of the most remarkable Military Trial and Scandal of the age. Big book, well illustrated, sells on sight. Snap for canvassers. Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
Brantford, Ont.
For Arnprior Renfrew, Eg-auviUe, Pembroke, and in-
4.30 P.M.
The annual meeting of the patrons of termediate pointe.	I Elmside cheese factory was hold OU the
lTnnHo 6 A °vfa ™	15th day ot November, 1899 when" E.
• ville, Renfrew, Arnprior | Graham and John \oung, auditors made
,	_ the following report :
From Parry Sound, Pern- I	.	.	,
• brok**. Egan ville, Renfrew | Average price of cheese per lb.
for season...............
Lbs. milk required to make lb

UNDERTAKING.
and iutermediate points
5.22 P.M
le fully equipped In every particular.
This Branch of our busln and all calls receive our most careful and prompt attention.
10c
Arnprior and intermediate points
Wanted :—$2 per clay sure, gentlemen or ladies; special work; position permanent; reliable firm, with best references; experience unnecessary.
Address
We photograph Houses, School Groups, dec, and guarantee all work. Call and
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICE8
CUTHBERTSON & GRAHAM,
10 01 lbs
Central Depot Russell House Block P.tro« Pe, ioo ^
plea
• f
their milk delivered at
factory ................
Average per cent, of butter fat Average price of butter fat per lb. 23.12c
H IMISON, - PHOTOGRAPHER,
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
SHAWVILLE, QUE,
Tickets to Europe and all parts of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's tours.
87c
S. M. Fry
3.3
P. S.—Wood wanted in exchange for Photos.
MAIN STREET,
Field Manager, Hamilton
• Trains ron daily except Sunday k Sunday only.
o

;
V

