###PAGE###1###




¦» .«• - -,












.
*

/

No, 10. 20 ill y BAH.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.
THURSDAY, OCT. 2, 1902.
81-00 a Year in Advance.
ittt.UK Mr,—Oo to Mrs. McCredto * at hlrriMi(l<« for Fall Millinery,
PERSONAL
A choice stock of picture frame mou H g* at ImIson's St ndlo.
Mrn
W. Wilwm and Misa McMil-lari attended tho Almonte fair last week, \
Mists
Head Office
OTTAWA, CANADA.
........ 12.000,000
........ 1.7M.U00
Capital paid uj
OF CANADA.
For enlarging, copying, viewing, picture framing and photo# or the In-st platino finish go to Imison's Photo Studio.
q>n Ann nnn I VVantsi»,—at Tne Kquitt office a load -	- <pO,UU(/,UUU* I of good clover hay
I RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000. ="-:=
OPENING
Heel
A. Smiley, II. \V. Voting, Alf. Howard, A. Vic. MoGuiroami John
the F*
Board of Directum
Ohablkm Maoris, Esq., President. George Hay, ehq. .Vice-President.
HO*. 0*0. ttHVROM. J*
wire aiming those who attended At Kenfrtw cn Friday last.
CAPITAL
Rainville /or plaintiff.
the 9th skit. 1902.
Hon. Judge A. Rochon rendered the following! udgmenta Thus, rrendergaat
Public Notice.
GEORGE BURN, D. M. F1NNIK
Head Office, • Montreal.
0« nrral Manager .. Manager,
We have just opened up and placed into stock a beautiful range of high class
I'.
. M . f Quebec,
Mu me i pa m y of Clarendon
Public X
• IK ll'1* *
ÎN ONTARIO
Ksewatin. Kempt*.lie, Mattuwa, Ottawa,

vs J. K. Burroughs.
< hi motion of defendant for peremption. Motion granted. A. McConnell fur defendant.
|	¦ ¦* hereby given to all pro
prletors of real estate and resident house holders of this .Municipality that the valuation roll made by order of the School
—action dismissed without costa. Mr. M? days from this notice, during which
Gamble for plaintiff, Mr. Siootte for lin.ie. ail>* ratepayer Interested may, in defendant.	writing, complain of such roll, which shall
claimed to have been cut by defendant fixed In a future notice.* on plaintiffs property—action dismissed Bated, given at Shaw-ville the 29th day with costs. B. Rainville for defendant. |of -^Ptimber, one thousand nine hundred
Wm. McVeigh vs J. A.JMoufiseau, for '***
|lfil 21 and tiers saisie on P. P. J, Ryes.
- [Judgment in favor of plaintiffs, tiers I	Pnhli/* IU
I saisie practised declared good. D. Rain |	r^UDIIC MOTICG.
J ville for plaintiff.	»*•	, ” , . '
Shannon vs Tower, Motion of parti-1 Municipality °of cfarvndon.	J
MSS5iS"«5sS;s	teSSH
attend service in	Hfc. Paul’s church at	Aug. 27. Henry Stephens vs Eddy	lhiH Municipality has been made and com-
10.30, a. in. Tlie	Ucv. A. Ireland has	Newton. Accusation : Common assault	i,letc<l a»d that it now is and will remain
been invited to preach the sermon. | CW dien.^cd without cost,.	' !"uKriurTn^thlrt^day” ^ffthto
liemy oteijhens \s Eddy Newton, notice, during which time it may be Accusation : 1 lire its to kill. Case with-	amended. Any ratepayer may during
Dr.	Alexander, secretary	of the	R	R.	of the bountiful harvest with which the	J , ¦l -t v Ïit, v of H- , _	place on the 29th day of October, 1902, at
A., has received from Mr.	D. Gillies,	M.	country has been	blessed this season	• epr. ,i. IN. Met uaig vs Joseph Byrne.	the town hall m the village of fchawville,
pBEEH	B NlEEÉi
W0l^‘	I by the Rev. Rural Dean Knii h of Hull, j	't ‘>1. 1,1 ,K 1 s J *1,	amount of his taxes to the under
MARRieri.—On Septemlier 2«tli, at tho I The Teachers’. meeting on Saturday ! Bunin. Vcouwiun	a'fawn'	f»)!»whin "be Àai'l"'loin v'of'thirty
residence of tho brides |wrcnt*, by the ; last, on account of the small number pro- Adjudication tint* em (in in,l r. , *' (^ays without- further notice.
M engS » R V&M&S5C I-»•«# *........................................
Thomna Peever, R*| . all of LitchfieM. pMM to 1» promeut to hold a Conference ninglmm. Actuation : Common .Jmh
The annual S. S. Institute in oonnoc Tf‘chers of this country at Shnwville Returmble 25th Sept.
I	I	Academy.	1	¦	-------1
Tho first session will open at 10 a. m.
and the second session at 2 p m. It in
desirable that ns large anuinberof teachers I Quite a Urge gathering assembled in as possible take part in there meetings for the grove by the English church at Ibid mutual enjoyment and assistance.	| ford on tho 18th hist., to hold the harvest
.•KBKirarstiilSssSa»*
WMm-mm-r. i I................................................ I
Sig=E=
enjoying lowered the Canadian half-mile record to m>wî r ^	^ , avA ,I° of the SbawvUIe, Sept. 22th 1902. Sec.-Trea*
a 3-month’s holiday, has just returned 2. 13	I ' After a m at hearty service of praise
jx. es.x jurris gtarar-s - ™ -mj *..........................
KIIAWVILLL BttA\Cllv
Alfianrlrls, Am prior, Avoiimorf. Bnuebrtdge,
Carle ton
IvnJIH
Hawkeebury,
Lanark, l'or nr bound, Pembroke, Rat Purtagt, Win i-Rnnfrrw
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
8AVINOS BANK.
Accoun/s opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
. 10 a.m. to 3 P.M.
.	10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER,
Manager.
do
John Robiison
do Bank St do RIlTriu 8t. Toronto, do Bomenw-t Ht. Winchester. Vsnklwk Hill, Smith's Falls.
IN MANITOBA :
Place,
Furs
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC :
Hull,
Shawiiiig.m
Agents In Canada, New York and Chicago-Bank of Montreal,
Agente In 8t. Paul— Merchant* Nat Bank:
Agents In Loudon, Rng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
e
Montreal,
Lâchait
Office Hours Saturday* .
for Fall and Winter trade. Intending buyers should look over our goods and get our prices. We are noted for selling the best Furs.
HUGH MATHESON
See. **Treiks
-o
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Advertisers and correspondents are reminded that we cannot assure the Insertion of matter unless It Is In hand by Monday noon of each week.
The Equity in published a day earlier than usual this week to enable our staff to attend tho exhibition.
Intelligence from Mr. W. Earl, who left here ill last, week, is to tho effect that he is laid up with typhoid fever, and not likely to be out of bed for some weeks.
Clothin
f
The annual harvest hnme services at St. Paul’s church were held on Wednes-
Ready-to-wear, lor men and boys. Have a look at the Overcoats we are showing,
prices are a little better than others.
Our
t
0
UlCll MATHESON,
Sec.-Trent
turn with the Rural Deanery of Clarendon. will he hold at St. James' church, Hull, on tho luth and 10th of October. The program of tho proceedings of the institute from this office last week.
Mr. W. H. Corrigan of this neighborhood shot a hawk a few days ago that had a wing spread of 47 indies
f this immense bird—tho largest of its species wo have heard of being captured in this section of the country— was almost (perfectly black.
¦
RADFORD
For Sale.
New Lamps, Chinaware, Tea Sets and Toilette Sets
50 voung pigs for sale, at $1.25 each. One half tb<‘ number ready fur delivery now ; remember in two weeks.
Xpply to E. GRAHAM.
El inside

!
now in.
Sept. 17. itMr.
1
The
phi
Public Notice.
for i he ahun
J. H. SHAW.
Tho Rev. Dr. Campbell, and Mrs. Camplxdl, of Perth, arrived here last week on a visit to their daughter, Mrs. H. C. Wilson. The Dr. who is
P. S.—Buy your Vinegar here.
Radford Rifle Ass’n.
The Government Shoot.
Archie Dagst, son of Mr. Robert Dâgg, I	"bich h»s assumed a most A good program of races of various
and Heman Lestev, son of Mr. John ®rlt!ca,1 , !C "«xpected that every	sorts took place	and they proved	most
Lester, both came home last week, «uf-1 bushels of coal in the city will be	con-	Smusmg
fering from the initial stagea of typhoid su“cd ,Mïfore th* ®°,d weather sets in, btump speeches were listened to fro,, fever. Both were employed in the same '\ndst l^cnt there does not seem	the	the gramophone,	which was placed	upon
shanty, as was also Henry Dagg, whose sllKhtest prospect of procuring a	new	the largest stump	in the grove.
£r^»*svi,ï siHE'Hi»/S' oitbr LAKiiND lbaub
ü ...h	,„„,h	i E	:'™s"
indeed that uur young friend Kenneth come calamitous in its effect.	The heavy rain Tuesday made the roads John STEWART
Nayh r, youngest son of Yen. Archdeacon	| muddy for a few days, but there has been.Captain
Naylor, has already distinguished himself Sir Frederick Borden, Minister of considerable travel all the week.	D. li. ALEXANDER. M. D..
at McGill University, by winning a $100 Militia, has received word from the High Mr. Klock, of the E. B. Eddy, Co., I	See.-Trees,
j). Considering that Ken. is Commissioner’s office, London, to the went up Tuesday, lad yet, it is only reasonable to effect that the Colonial Office had pro- Mr. Richard Farrell, of Chelmsford, expect, with such a good beginning, his niised to give medals to all the Cana- arrived here Tuesday, and is visitin '
University career will bo one marked by dians who would have participated in the friends and hiring men to leave Monday^
exceptional brilliancy.	coronation ceremonies had they taken Mr. D. Gillies, went up to his firms	M_____
isssts
SîzJSto (ÎS Tss,	-• ïJust a ,2;
w, ,L, 5 .£ ....... .«I..51 h»	« j».. ». I	»f .h.	... w»
SESEH-'= «FT'-rtv™'r^
' Arthur, a discussion took place with ref- Mr. \ ic. K«>y went totfie Ray Saturday ^ucli roll, which shall be taken intoconsi-We have to announce this week Che } erenee to the inferior quality of pease	--#»- ‘	“ deration and homologated with or without
death on Th.midny hint of an old resident	submitted for inspection. The pest	New Kind	Surgical Instrument,	^.«'"ratake	tenth^Tof
ofTl, rno, in the person of Mr. John	known « tho pee bug has apparently	oSrnext, utthepi^e wheremeet 1
IUiid. n man well known throughout	sPrcad all over the province. Hie exam	hverybody	is familiar with tho. jest of	ings are usually held, at the hour of seven 1
the whole county. Mr. Baird s doaHi, 1,lerM ^ated that unless some drastic sydney Smith after he had spent live o'clock in the afternoon ; but such debit wo learn was due to inflammation of the ‘“ensure was proposed the trade of Can- years in that 44 land of Calvin, oatcakes *xpire<* it shall come into force and every
r^rrrr *f"*5^ EfflESSSSSS
fall while crossing the (juyon river. He under the directmn of the bureau of ag- the Scotch understanding; hut few per-1 his office, within the twenty days follow-leaves a widow and largo family to mourn riculture an inquiry should lie made into son1* know of the admission which the wit lug the said delay of thirty‘days*, without long His funeral took place <jn the cause of the bug in peas and that made to Robert Chambers a few w eeks further notice.
Ruknniav	8tel,s ^ be taken to inform the farm- After the perpetration of this mirthful ex- Gî!?n at Shaw ville, this 10th day of the
or* how best to remedy the evil. The twvagance— viz., that the Scotch are an	' of bep ember, in Hie ye&riiML.
We Have received a letter from Mr. I examiners expressed the omuion that the immensely funny people— only they need	Sec	Vm*.
Jamie Naylor, who left hfcre a few wv« ks most radical means would he t<> stop a little operating upon to let the fun out am, for the west. lake all the other boys growing peas for a year or two in any lo “ I kuow of no inatniment/' added the belonging to this section, who seek their cality where the bug was showing itself, clerical wag, " so effectual for the destiny in distant parts, Jamie is anxious |	___ | pose as the corkscrew.”
as to what is transpiring around the | Superior Court at Bryson, Que., —	.	m e
old home. Hi" letter informs us that he	-	- PUDlIC NOtlCCe
« located at Elkhorn, Manitoba, and eui- casks knitreu during august 1902,	—
nloved m the store of a Mr. Marsh, who	-- Provinoe of Quebec,
Li nes a largo stock of goods. Jamie has John M. Garland & al vs Jas. Ralph A ml Municipality of Clarendon * of the dry goods department and for $109. U. C. Wright for plaintiff.	_ Rn^lio Notice is hereby given that the
is getting along wtdl, news winch his ,U1XÎMENT8 MNDERsu during august rore'LiatwlflU* submUtctfSuil Connell »any friends will be glad to hear. F ur-	1902.	for their consideration at a general Melon
iher on he stages that farm lalwrers are	.. .	-, QA T to be bold at 10-of the clock a. m.. of Mon
gcarcein that locality, and couse W. M. Macfnrlane A al re Max St. Jean day, the sixth day of the month of October *,!milr the work of harvesting and judgment for $128.88. D. It. Barry for 1J*12 Parties looking for lawful exernp-
E& JSi -SU. -. , M.iwd J - -misnis=£
JJ." ^	I David Dumeii judgment for $117.83. B. | ShswvUle, Sept. 26 1902
Members of the Bedford Rifle fAssoctail re hereby notified that the Government Shoot of the above Association will take
DISINFECTANTS.
Some good Disinfectants should be used i home at this season of the year in ordfcr to keep it clean and sweet, and free from seeds of infection, which are the cause of fevers and other infectious diseases.
An ounce of Prevention is worth a pound of Cure, is an old adage but a very true one. Better to be on the safe side and try some
Hcho'arshi merely a
in every
Public Notice.

Province of Quebec,


COPPERAS SULPHUR,
FORMALINE,
CARBOLIC ACID,
CHLORIDE of LIME,
LIFE BUOY SOAP, (for washing)
t
rec»
Public Notice.
pur
We can supply you with any Disinfectant you may
¦wish to use.
Province of Quebec Municipality of Shawwflle.
Public Notice is hereby given by the un
dernigned Secretary Treasurer, that the
Collection Roll of the said municipality In now made and completed for the current year; that the same is deposited in the office of the undersigned. All parties whose names appear therein as liable for the payment-of any assessment are hereby requested to pay the amount thereof t-o me, at my office, within the twenty dsye following the date hereof without further notice.
Given at Shawville this 11th day of Sept ember, 1VU2.


THE DRUG STORE
SHAWVILLE, QUE.

W. W. IRELAND
Sec.-'Tresn


;

###PAGE###2###



%
C$3
or suspected—never dreamed of, and which brings hie displeasure to a oil-
i FOR FARMERS !
iiîiamisiseiai


\
m
max.
•4tvrvedci suddenly spring» erect, ant' clasps her arms around his neck madly—she forgets her maidenly modesty In the wild rush of love for this man who Is to her a hero—a god.
Jack Is Indignant now perhaps ho 1» a trifle more emphatic than necessary when he unclasps her hands, for her face grows deadly pale—the feels that she bus staked her all in the game, and

*
a
|DOCTORJACK
¦X

ii in
Seasonable sml Profitable Minis for the Busy Tillers of the Soil.

ém
»
? *

IF
a

V
THK VALU I : OF HUMUS.
By S f. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
^ Author of TDoctor Jick’i Wife,” “Captain Toro,” "Baron Sam,” “Mb*
Pauline of New York," “ Mis* Caprice," Eft.



V
I
I
*
I
f
I
vxpcriBcim» in determining ¦	have
i
lv
som^WÜP—Ml
### ###
break your own oath to the Cnrllst Ah ' ‘ / 111,1 * ,v k> , oxed wheat, on Ik and vetch was planted,
league In order to warn me. It was w<lU,<l ,v ullly to° i?lad *° K° v\ Ith , ftn(j ftS c||fVercnt parts of the holds
noble of you. While I live you shall yuu >uUl w fe to ,,ie ellt,s nl ll,e were furnished with Varying qu&n-
have mv most sincere gratitude.’'	1 ,J•	titles of humus the growth of lho
At the word, with all It Implies In *Suv no mo,v*. heg. eenortta. My plants noon exhil iti d a patchy up-
English, she starts Into life and bclngl u S,H< 1 >‘vil s,ml1 vxer "®ve*	* vau" peurunco. Where the huiuus was
her face assumes a determined look, nof ,l':i;,‘l 1hal you vare<* for ,!1V* plentiful the grains were thicker,
; but he does nothing of | ami from those superb eyes shafts of	''îien happy wife of a graX p,,. A|1(i .much darker In green,
This In an old story to him softness strike Doctor Jack.	man who hf wor‘l,y of you, 1 may allowing sturdy vigor and v lion dry
now—even when he heard It first from “ Gratitude !” how she tears the hike youi hand, and by your look? wcntiu>r uppoared they were scarcely
I*arry he had shown little signs of word to pieces in the bitter way she yuU xvil	mo for doln6: "h:i a leitid by it. lint for that mutter .	could	vote	they
sin mmm	mm
mm msrnrnmsmm
II III ills il iei iiiiss iiiii
hand—usually beauties are cold, ex- i	ftt lhe *ay ta*€* 1lt;	contented	animals make the lient
acting. Imperious, and selfish.	If he van hut lead her mind Into an- HU ItN1X0 (IllKI'N WOOD. irnins. During (ho early
" I do not know what you may think v,hor ehanrel all may be well of me. Doctor Jack, for telling you "You cam- to warn me, senorita. but
I am all ready to go,” pointing to the portmanteau strapped and locked

t
lost

S

<\

J
:
HiimtmmoRimia
Q
Ml
>
I
“ Honor Jack, you think me unm&ld-enly for coming to you here—now confess it Is a strange thing to do, but 1 have a powerful reason Is In danger.’1
She mays this In a thrilling tone, Just us if she expects Jack to start back in
l tHHHHIH
the sort.

W f?

vx\
i
Your life

sr'<
Thill's the only thing In this world 1 can't beat
BIRTHDAY FETES IN JAPAN
HAIRY AND STOCK
would
I,,S Two Anniversaries Respective!)
For the Bovs and Girls.
womler, and h*nce is rot apt to go Into a stale of agitation at this late hour.
" Indeed !” is all he says, and so , for your quietly that she bites her lips in ways, chagrin.
“ You dj not believe it ?” she cries.
'* Pardon me, but I know it to be a
fact
** Ah ! who has told you ?” quickly.
” I have a faculty for finding out these things, senorlta I am a marked man by the i lists,
simply because 1 happened to be a i his determination not to encourage friend of the Duke de Arroyo, who has turned out to be a royal spy."
Jack says all this without excitement—she looks upon him in wonder.
” You know that your life has been forfeited—that you may be among the missing at any day, and yet you do not feel afraid ?”
" Senorlta, you have seen me mas-
1 know that
cording to their station.
! There nrv many farmers who	seem	months he makes the urrang	11	'	Ten-o, es h" is more properly styled
for the comfort of his animal*.	I ho	(i|So a general holiday for tht
is	first cold snap docs not catch	him	Japanese every wh«re, The house*
lasts unprepared.	are all decorated with flags, and it
the evening the street* are gay wit! the lights of innumerable colored lanterns. In the morning the highest authorities go to the palace tc olTer their congratulations in |>er-son and the lower degrees offer then vicariously to their superiors, the Japanese world somehow oi uf other congratulate their monarch os lutxing added another year to hit
autumn
ter that crazy black toro In the ring."
"Ah ! it was a superb sight, but l trembled for you. Benor Jack, and regretted my rash action in goading you j you of the truth of my warning. You
l	i am heft In the Interest of | near by
the league—that through some deceit 1 desire to accomplish your ruin the Virgin, 1 swear to you it is love that brings me here to save you from
to like to burn green wood, mid no doubt some of them think it economy to do so because it longer. Others do it only because they think they cannot liftd time to cut a year's supply ahead and have it well seasoned and put under cox it j before the fall rains and winter snows have soaked it again, llvt It is certainly poor economy. Nearly all vftiicties weigh ilfvy per cent, more wh n green than wf.cn dry. and some f. . even lose more than that in living M*1". . th ( t S()W
mww:.-...
y=g£mmrnm
Ills words—dhe latter die away to a Urely gieen, but thetv arc uiany murmur on his lips, and he stands who do not have tt entirely dry or j there, a convicted criminal.	well sens mod. Any good housewife	U
,sra pes 5r525£‘$SS
love—emotions chase each other over delay 111 KelllnR the meal In season, B 8 B W ând eTery form of itching, thing that Europe can produce I»
hindering her work and that of!	bleediwrnndprotrudlnepiles the wav of a dvmistv. He is the
others, and of i.oorly-ceokvd food j	1121st ‘ omperor after'.ilmmu Ten-o,
because she could not got Hie oxen hors what they think of IU You can use it and who was the first and flourished
hot enough. T hen there is another | SK£23CJK58!LSSS££n*V2A *•**.ât about the year 060 H. C. His reige loss, n loss of temper from the de-	^ Edmawson, Bates * (^Toronto, ,wiH PV#.r ,K. ^lehrated fur the fact
lay and poor food. It is therefore a UF» ChB60 S 01011116111 I that in it Japan passed at ont
case of cruelty for any man to com- __ _	hound us it were from the dark nest
pel his family to burn green xvood.	"	of the middle ages to the cixiliza
lion of the nineteenth century, j3|H became one of the great powers witfc which the European statesmen re cognize they will have to reckon is the future. I or this the mikado n mainly responsible.
this, but l cun In no other way assure
on
You mean to leave Madrid ? sag
*• Why should you ?"
She does not answer in words, but the tell-tale colour flics into her she is an admirable actress, the finest Jack has ever seen off the stage, cheeks. If Mercedes is playing a part " You must leax'o Spain, Senor
erly
By
WKAMXU PIGS
So, you see, I
•* in the morning shall soon he beyond nil danger of your league, and 1 trust you will not worry about me Unlucky slip of the tongue—Jack c< uld have bitten the member by way of penance.
" Yuu do not go alone ?” she cries.
A series of eight experiments recently demonstrated the ud\ isn Id'ity of keeping pigs on tfows ns long as
posai hie, consistent with the boa I thy
and strong condition of the mother.
many n «ois. chief
and her pigs

an awful fate/'
She goes on hurriedly without looking up at him, and il is well she does not. for Jack's face expresses both surprise and displeasure
" When I met you as the flower girl I was acting the part given me by the league—I hoped In making your acquaintance to learn the truth, whether you were one of our enemies or the man you claimed to be
VVe go to Paris
All
Jack
" 1 intend to,"
•4 Immediately be fatal to you. has gone out that means your death” —her manner has become excited, the
he replies.
A few hours may Even now the word
quickly
extends even to the Japanese legations abroad. For instance, if November tho attaches and secretaries of the Japanese legation in (irosvenov Gardens, London
•' No—you see—there Is a party— " I he makes the matter worse with his
I he
hesitation.
'* Yen, and that American girl—Avis Morton you called her—is one of them. Ah ! Senor Jack, I read your secret— you love that cold girl !"
great black cyee glow with volcanic tire, and fascinate Javk, who realises now what a great possibility for good first day I saw you I seemed to feel
or « vil lies in his wonderful gifl.
" All this I already know, senorlta, but nevertheless 1 thank you just the same. 1 cannot understand your motive in taking this risk to warn me, who can only l>e considered a friend at the most
more warmth in his speech could he get rid of the notion that the girl is acting a part—believing this, he does rot care to be demonstiatlve.
From 1 he
will
that you held my fate- l could not help it
the street—those were not bandits you fought, but Carlists—your guide, Francisco Marti, is a leader in our class,
Then came the accident In
to the foreign minister at Tokyo, and the foreign minister will personally offer hi* at the palace. The legation will not I o illuminated externally, because the month of No-ln ivember In England is not suited to
such effects and also because the English people would not understand, hut there will he a dinnei party to celebrate the occasion.
The mikado in question comes of a very ancient line, which bouts any-
CHAPTER XIV
and It was he brought about the me lee. hoping to have you killed, bravery, senor, saved your life hand of fate directed that you should fall in the doorway of a house that belonged to a Carlist the guise of a nun to listen to any ravings you might utter, in order to learn the truth.
" They would have been glad had I allowed you to die. but this I would
Of what avail Is It for Jack to equal in
Your
Jack would be moved to
The
I
1 was sent in
Her quick woman s intuition guesses the truth instantly—she sees he distrusts her, and a resolve lia s into her mind
He must know all—the
her face, her heart seem to stand still at one moment and then beat like a trip hammer the next, while her small hand* are clenched until the nails almost enter the palms.
It is the supreme moment of her life —from that pivotal point she must go either up or down as the inner spirit urges—some women, built upon a grand model, would be more gentle, more gracious after such a lesson, other* would prove themselves fit devotee* of Satan's wiles.
fearful risks she has taken to wain him, and. yea, even the reason why not do, and v.1 l looked upon you
this has Ik n	it	j
may be for a woman to disclose the secrets of her inner heart to the man
lying there, lifeless at it seemed, I understood my heart— senor, pardon me, but 1 loved—I b. Hex ed you be-
longed to me.
•'Then came the scene in the Plaza
she iu¦">s—these Impulsive Spanish women are not so coy and backward as their American cousins—the tropical del Toros, and when, for a smile from
me you faced that terrible bull, i thrilled with the hope that you per-
Ren or, in

WHERE ELOQUENCE FAILED
DAIRY WISDOM
clime engenders more fire In the blood.
o
the whole, are like the hot blast of the haps returned rny love
your country it is unmai for a girl to show her heart to the man she loves—she must suffer in silence the
A certain excellent but loud-voiced The lust half of the milking is member of the Bar was addressing a over 100 per cent, richer than the Jury. Finally, in a perfect hurricane first half.	of sound he closed his argument and
The cow is ut her prime at seven *at down. The jury were impressed,
¦¦¦¦¦Bficr the twelfth and 1 and the other side was in danger.
The barrister opposite lmd a sad,
watery eye and a hatchet-like face. He was a poorly-paid clerk, and, Heavy feeders arc usually the most He sat patiently through the tumui- of course, dreadfully hard-up. Luck-profitable animals. They consume tuous gusts of his friend, and after ily lie was handsome, and when h# the greatest amount above main- ithe reverberations of the closing fell in love with the heiress lie did tenante, and it is returned in milk crash lie rose quietly from his seat, not despair of success, but set him-
to	to	of winning her
he and fortune.
By no at retch of imagination could
ling tone, I n ed an old fable she bi ailed beautiful; yet he told If salt is not provided the milk You will remember, gentlemen, how her that her figure was superb. and flow will be lessened.	.	(the lion and the ass agreed to slay her carriage worthy of a queen, and
One pound of grain is equal to ten the beasts of the field and divide the she, poor deluded woman, believed pounds of mangel* in feeding cows. spoil. The a as was to go into the him, and gave him her hand and for* When the pasture is luxuriant there thicket and bray and frighten the tune.	j*
is no profit to 1h? derived from feed-	animals out, while the lion was to
ing grain, but when pasture falls ofl	lie in wait and kill the fugitives as	never	told
the deficiency must lie made by grain	fust as they appeared, The ass	spoke	of
or green forage or the milk flow	sought the darkest part of the Jungle	the
will fall oil and can not be brought	and, lifting up hi-' awful voice bray
up again
Heifers should he grained and well ; was quite intoxicated with his roar, cared for to enable them to make and thought he’d return and see
the proper growth.	what the lion thought of it. With AMERICAN RAILWAY
Wheat bran and middlings arc	a light heart he went back and found
valuable foods for .dairy cows on	the lion looking doubtfully about
account of the large amount of ni- him. trogen and mineral matter which they contain.
Cows can be fed six to pounds of wheat bran and four to six pounds of middlings dally.
The following is a good ration for scared me if I didn’t know you were an average cow per day : Twenty a jackass.* ”	derailments
pounds hay, four pound» pen meal,	The jury laughed, the effect of the , HKil,nst railways by	,
five pounds oatmeal (ground oats), lawyer’s sonorous eloquence was vis-1 ol ¦	1 l,‘	ol. *>!	!"
eight pounds corn-meal.	| ibly weakened, and he lost the case, ifm a ,otal u,noiml <1‘ UCtil
0,1 KHJ
siroeco while they last.
" Senor Jack, you understand, that I have not come here at the order of any league—this time my actions are controlled by Mercedes Gonzales alone.
I assume a grave risk in seeking to warn you."
" And again I thank you, senorlta.
1 he risk is lessened by the fact that many ser.oras are upon the streets even now, enjoying the carnival am glad of that, and trust no one among your friends will ever hear that jou came to warn your American acquaintance at such an hour jour woman's heart credit, senorlta Mev you find such a friend in time of April shower
Jack fears the worst, but nothing he may do can help her choose—that must come from within, for “as the twig's
He knows
Spain we are of a different mold, and the storm—if storm it prove» to be—
a senorlta may
ing without b?lng unsexed. You think j so he bows his head to meet It, as me bold-perhaps despise me, her voice j might the rturdy oak in the forest, breaks, and she goes Into a fit of
years old thirteenth year her productiveness i.i usually lessened.
RECEIVERS EVER
pangs r.f pas e and rw-» learn her fate until he chooses to apeak ; but In inclined the tree is lient
cannot be averted by his means, and
But the Spanish beauty does not burst out into a hot harangue as he
She seems to possess
else fails to bring man’s obdurate I seme control over her feelings ftfUl heart to terms she has resource to j all, and Jack finds hlmslf unable to
and butter
Cows should be able to drink wa- appeals of my learned ter at will. When this provision is said, addressing the Jury in n draw not made the milk flow is lessened
1 weeping
¦111 is a woman's last card—when all I has ex ted
It docs 1 this, and many a victory, almost lost, j decide as to what course she means to
has been won under the influence of an j adopt.
You cannot deceive me. Doctor
Poor old Jack becomes dreadfully j Jack—I know that girl is in your uneasy—he fears lest he is about to | mind, your heart, and that Mercedes I be taken by storm tears always does touch him. and I love
need.
1 >o-»a he speak in sarcasm ? Mercedes fails to read his face, but she
They are very happy, but ho has ¦ i her that the llgurc Ik
¦H|
her banker's, queenly carried drawn by a pair ol
A woman in | Gonzales can never hope to gain your
It is very sudden—very cruel," when the matter has	brought j she murmur#, passing one hand over
about because of his own hanleiit-J j her forehead in a dazed sort of way. heart, it grows exceedingly dangerous
wai
as
hastens to say
" You do not understand me, Senor When I speak of assuming a
ut
one
or tliat the
ed and brayed and braved. The ass was the one
Jack
risk 1 do not mean that to which you
I am sorry—” begins Jack, hardly

knowing what to say. nut she interrupts him with a proud gesture and a
greys
H wishes the floor would open Ik» neatli and swallow him up, but un foi Innately such an event is not likely I strained laugh
But
That is nothing to me if the league to which I belong—those
who are devoted to the cause of Don Carlos as our future sovereign—should to occur—it nev< r docs when most de- " Make no apologies—I am something *now	that	I	came	here	to	warn you, sired. Mercedes sobs bitterly, and	of a Mohammedan in my ways, and as
nv	life	would	pav	the	uenalty."	Ja< k bit- ; the ends of his mous-	I	Abdallah Pllhl might say. 1	Kismet—
taeh savagely.	Good heavens ! to	It is	fate.' But what would you	exthink of this affection being wasted	P*ct	a Spanish woman to do who	has
upon a fellow of	his size, when there	been	supplanted in the heart of	the
are dozens of	amorous swains in	man	she loves by another ? What
Madrid sighing for one sweet glance	torture could be too great	for that
from the eyes now brimming over with	|	other frail being, to appease	her out-
tears—it Is a shame !
refer,
rrcohdA
during
In the last three months which time exceptionally *lAî®c "flyers'* have been put in operatic by many of the American rail wav there have been 813 person* k/h and 9,958 injured In railway ati dents. In the same period 1,1C haw l>ct‘n 1,220 collMoiis and *
peiiui
What do you think of that?" said the exultant ass. 'Don’t you eight think 1 scared ’em?'
" ‘Scared 'em?’ repeated the lion, in an agitated tone. 'Why, you'd
She shudders while she speaks, and all at once the truth dawns upon stupid Jaok
Tliis Is not the superb acting of a woman who plots, but the plain confession of a woman who loves does not know what to do—was never caught in such a position before in all life, and hesitates.	NNlMW
A minute of alienee ensues
He knows all
Suits arc
He
raged feelings ?" she almost hisses.
" You will pervert the matter—I have only seen Miss Morton once or
kiil
Something must be done, and that
Jack strides over to.the
$LV»0,-
window—if he could only And a loop
hole of escape-but it is hopeless, and I rangement that takes us away In com h<* must stay to face the music She l'an>
watches him from behind the lace cob- | Idea of harm coming to Avis because
of him. and would avert the storm,
twice In my life—it is a business ar
She
hangs her head in maidenly shame, yet does not retreat a step in the course she has marked out serves her thoughtfully, even in perplexity.
Perhaps at another time he might have entered Into the game with ardor, for that lovely face Is enough to
stir the heart of even a stern anchor-	a .	.	_	. . .
ite, but now things have changed—he We>'« but thr,Hs the . panlsh beauty, has met Avis Morton, and the memory Hitherto she has lauah.d at the mad of her seema to hover over him like pleadings of lovers—the truth has conic
He has been alarmed at the
For Six Months He Did No Work
He ob
web with which she seems to mop up the scanty tears.
but she laugh* again, and sneerlngly says
He turns again—approaches—the sobbing grows more Intense—ah. he puts out his hand and lays It on her head—it is something of a paternal
" Have no fears—I am not that vindictive. Though you have scorned my love, I do not wish you ill surmount the difficulties that surround you and be happy."
" What would you do ?" he asks, as Mercedes rises proudly from her chair,
Was a Victim of Nervous Collapse-Weak, Helpless, Suffered—An Extraordinary Cure by Dr. Chase's Nerve Food
May you
to her with redoubled force, and now In her bitterness of spirit her scorned | dcfeasted, stung with contending em
“ The worst that I shall do is to
Adlos, Senor
That Dr. Chase’» Nerve Food poa- of Omcmee, and late of Bethany, when I heard of Dr. Chase * N#r eesee» unusual control over the Ont., writes "A year ago lust Food, and began to use It nerves and rekindles nervous energy Novcmlier I was overtaken with her- system became stronger I Wan w when all other mean» full, is well vous exhaustion. For six months I do a little work, and have graduai J illustrated in the case described lie- did no work, and during that time 1 increased in nerve force and low. Mr. Brown was forced to give had to lie waited on, not being able until now 1 am about in mv nmw up his ministerial work, and so far to help myself. Nervous collapse condition again. I consider exhausted that for a time ho was j was complete, and though I was in Chase’s Nerve Food the best positively helpless. Doctors were the physician’s hands for month», I cine 1 ever used consulted, and many remedies were did not reem to improve. At any proven resorted to, in vain. Every efTort to little exertion ray strength would powers In my own case build up the system seemed in vain, leave me, and I would tremble with several other» where I have re< and it 1* little wonder that the suf- norxouimcss.	mended it.”
ferer was losing hope of recovery, j "From the first I used n great Dr. Chase'» Nerve Food, ftO e when he began to use Dr. Chase s many nerve remedies, but they seem- a box, six boxes for 11^ fit Nerve Food.	ed to have no effect in my case. 1 dealer», or Edman#o% Bute» A
Kev. T. Brown, Methodist minister j had almost lost hope of recovery Toronto*
a good angel.
It would be playing with Are to de
As
admirer» anf amply avenged.
Jack speaks—he trie» to do so calm	J |	| I
ly, for he really and deeply regrets | leave you to your fate
this scene has occurred,	ill¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
never remember It with any feeling of
ceive this girl Into the belief that he cared for her, and he makes up his mind not to do it. even though much might be gained from such a move.
" Senorlta. believe me, you have the gratitude of my heart for this action. I understand it all."
(To Be Continued.)
i
pleasure.
" Your suffering pains me, senorlta
I am unwerthy of your regard-* mere i	you hear Miss Fimser say
wandering old stone, gathering no'lhat ^ had a Kpcaking acquaint-mosi. Presently ! shall vanish from ;unco wjth that millionaire?" n®kcd your sight, and when you see me no | Maud scornfully, more you will soon forget me.”
He says this much In a quiet way, *Coi n	I I HI I
and means to add more, but just then | that she ever worked in a telephone something occurs such as he has nev- 1 exchange."
THOSE GIRLS
M. Not only b»s
wonderful reetorut
but also
its
trembling like a
” All ?” she ga frightened bird.
Your gentle nature could not bear the thought of such a needless sacrifice—In your heart you realised that it was a
Yes
Amy. with equal
It’s the first time 1 knew
hsurd to believe me pable of being concerned In these
You would even
Spanish Intrigues




###PAGE###3###

SHE LIKES HER CHILDREN USES ITS LEGS 18 EARS
lilt of note» that he had agreed tof pay, he was worried.
What'll 1 do with Hal, Sue ?”	_
go ^o'th^clty1 and^°»tudy pharmacy ™ T°0/HIfgSflg™	**"
rau iHÜI EEIE1 1 JJ !I JJL 111 _
be died. Then Harold Updike, one (#)d hlm wlth stern „nii]0 ftnd reor with the most colossal fortune At Craig-y-nos Madame Patti pos- 1» not a little fw^umJ over two in- have been destroyed either by acci-of the 'town boys/’ came back * ,d .	the world ha* ever known at his aesmn the largest piano as well as herently obstinate traits of ohurao- dent or diseaw can sometimes be
from the city a graduated, full- ,,T.	j# u p n 'rtiov'rc go- bacJc* and working as hard as a clerk the most expenblvo orchestrion in ter which the charming Czar ina has taught to hear by means of a mol a!
fledged pharmacist and Dr. Poppltz .	(|) u§ ot/t ..	on a salary of fifteen dollars a the world. The latter wonderful In- been giving full sweep both in and arrangement held between the teeth,
employed him In the drug store. ! . go R Was Sus if went and	i* the description given by Htrument is equal to the combined out of the imperial palace, one has |iut no man has over learnt to nee
"The Racket Drug Store, Beono," D grlouKj but. neither of them 11,1 acquaintance of the youthful heir 6fl*>rU 0f M|xty performers. It cost beon frei&uenWy charged with cher- with his oars, or taste with his fin-that was the sign over tbs door, but . w whttt ' l0 miy wben Harold to tt fortune compared with which gi5#0O0, and has a repertoire of over iahing a certain number of decioodiy gurs; and in this respect most of the on a little tin sign near tho side jjpdiko bought the place Where did **10 tolled Wealth of CrocmiK was eighty operatic «elections and airs. English hIo.lh which were not »t*ict- wurm-biooded animals resemble him. entrance w4ls the legend, “Herr Pop- he t tho moncy ? His father who Ml tie moro thttn poverty.	lady	Tichborne and the Duchess of ly in accord with Russian precedent, i Insetcs, however, and others of the
pit*, Apotheko." Tho advent of .	, thu d iry Wftg poor Suwlp BUp_ Just as there is an unfailing fas- Bedford are two of tho best lady and at least Vwo of these have lower orders of living creatures mix
Harold Updike lent new glory to tho	it Wfta al, right but why had cinatlor in men who have amassed ehotH in England. The latter is brought her into sharp dis.avoi up the functions of their dif-
drug store. He wore a pink shirt lu, bren ^ quiet so sneaking about bV their brains and Indune* roal)y tt very line marks wo man, both amoitg many of the stiff, unap- h*n?nt organs in a most startling and silk garters to hold up his it	'	try, there must bo a peculiar inter- with tho rifle and the revolver, and proachablo bojars.	fashion. No Insect, for instance,
sleeves He parted his hair in the .g(J|llg to aHk bjm for a iob •» e«t in tho sons to whom these srtu- bus won many prizes in competition in the first place, tho Czarina has bn.athe» through its mouth as man middle, and kept it drooping, mane- 1(J Ban sullenly "1 gave him one 1*>ndous fortunes come, and especial- with her male rivals. Curiously en- been courageous enough to admit does. Their mouths arc too busy like, over his eyes. He was the d he 0' ht to (|Q ^ weu by me." in tiia heir to the almost incalcu- ough her success with the revolver that siie is inordinately fond of her with food to be used for breathing, envy of all young men in town, be- And Harold's small soul swelled lable fortune which Mr. J. D. Rocke- js grater than that with the rifle, children, a confession that hns ere- Most insects are provided with air-cause he ruled the soda fountain. with prldo when ho saw Dan Ix-hind toller, tho king 0/ millionaires, has U)rd HaUebu nominated more ated no mild stir among the female tubes which open along the sides of Md every girl In town called him Ue <£;,nter ,>uUmiing away with a accumulated. Happy 1a the father buh and urellbi,hope during hi»	oi royal »et. lhi» fact wilh any sticky eub» ta nee the insect
snsu? ssanr# ss »; -srasra, s 25 fir- rfi	sag spgag—“
tirely by accelerated dlebetee, and trMlce He bought a "stepper” and throw away a twenty-five dollar note b|„ho|,s ,t ,8 suid that, though with reference to the Harold came pretty near running got '•gporty." Hometime» he even every minute of him life out of In- Jx)rd Salisbury'.» own leaning* are ^"other even inore obnoiifous Uilnge” In the store.	cursed hie clerk He borrowed mo- come alone, and still retain sufficient t(|Wnrd|j th(J I4Hgh church, the ma- disfavor Increased at a «oniristng y
Would you like a cooling hover- nvy ,lotB Toiu Kelly, who kept the to live like a king and save a mil- jurily hiH ,mm|nws were moderate ra#ld '**•• The .fa=l. **	.	^
age, Mia» Hue ?" *«k*d Harold one iajopn aB(1 the business went on. *‘on a year.	men	is doubly uupopuiar b.^ause rtie ha#
mmmmm
c%"iSittS „j;*1 ,re ,ou """ “-- ^	1“,™ z
Mr si sssi? £ wawi	s-sT-"». m s.’ss sæï
e°”ÂhaandMilasm Hudè/- simpered Up- ^ou"?"Wh^o' 'did '^u get the ''fEw'mSoNS OT^dÔuÜaHS. ^ ^ ^Mnd^e STSul ^	^
r,®d-	.	care his parents have exercised In
There was a tap at the window training him. Ho has literally and a merry voice called, "Are you _rown „„ ur<i(jr his father's eye, and there yet, Danny.” But Updike laid no child coul(1 have a better model his hand on Dan's arm as he started than the great American millionaire, for the door and said, "Will you who#e ^ (or ftl| ROUd works is his
give me back my old job, Dan ?” most marked characteristic, and th|'N—no, U[d1ke. Not this time. I whosti chief delight has I wen In the
And afterward, as he walked home hlTtnught In tho Sunday School of with Susie and her father, he said, th0 Eighth Avenue Baptist Church "Well, my conscience Is easy, any- Nfl„ York way. Turn about is fair play.”	m,6 John
•âê*âêé»**â*âSSâ*àâââ*
I The Racket Drug
t Store at Beeno
......
A KING OF 11ILLI0M1RES
PERSONAL pointers.
• •

AND THE CZARINA OF RUSSIA DOESN'T SMOKE.
CRICKETS CHIRP WTTH THEIB
win gw.
Hence the High Court Circles end Aristocrats Are Shocked.
Creatures Which Talk With Theür Feet, and Breath With Tajir laits.
#$$$$$***$*$#$$$
ij
Tho grub of tho dragon-fly breathes through its tail. If you catch one of these grub»—they are plentiful in stagnant pond*— you will find that it is provided with a sort of three-lofoed. flattened pud-dio at its hinder extremity. This serves for swimming and breathing. What is most wonderful about this
y.
%
with
her
il

4 4
Of
d
un-
o
>r
apparatus is that its owner can use it eitlicr for breathing atmospheric air or for extracting air, after the manner of a fish's gills, from tho wtutor. These paddle-lungs are only employed while the grub is still small. When nearly ready to change into its winged state, the creature crawls up a reed, sits with its head out of water, and breathes with spiracles
¦h

>1
v
ie
to
*
il
i in-
i'

d
l>
an
IN ITS SHOULDERS.
The grub of tho common gnat also lives in water, like the dragon fly. has air-tubes opening near the tail. When, however, it reaches its next 0f stage, becoming a pupa, it» lung passages change position, and open near its head.
Tho cricket uses its legs as ears. On the outer aides of each of the creature's forelegs there is a small oval space where the thick skin which covers the rest of its body becomes a thin, almost transparent, membrane. Inside are nerve-ends, which seem to be those of its auditory apparatus. Everyone ha» heard the shrill whistling sort of sound which tho cricket and grasshopper tribe make. This sound is not caused by any internal voice apparatus, such as man or other higher animals are possessed of. Crickets chirp with their wings, rubbing one wing
the other. sing by rubbing their wing-cases.
species of the same family, are fitted with a kind of drum, which enables them to make a shrill sound audible a hundred yards or more
without
U
Dan !

c
il
»
in-
i
1
«
»
r
THE DOWAGER EMPRESS
c
NUC-
She al-
apoak to the
scaroely deigns to
During his hires» the King was afi(1 the Czarina ha» not been rash accustomed to use a walking-stick |onoUgk to attempt her reformation, which has an interesting history It jllut she ha», on the other hand, let Is more than 200 years old, and was ^ be well understood that she will
mMIMII
mattress and found that it was com- * Fr	University he went this relic of Cullodcn Queen 1C nursery charges ahead of the most
posed of four modified scantlings, . . t t stooi in his father's toria gave $800.	pompous affairs of court and so-
framed together by bolts and kept "	‘f	K	.	f	.	M)nie	years he per-	Sir Michael	Hicks-Bcach is prob-	Ciety and in this way has brought
firm by the wire web. He diagnosed °	’	,	. d	received the	ably the only	man who won his po»-	herself into considerable disfavor,
the case as one requiring a monkey-	1	f	illninr	H rk on exactly	the	ition in tho British Cabinet through	The Czarina insists in a good	moth-
wrench. and after he had searched	j[ *	footL lS	to discipline and	at-	a capacity for keeping silence. It is	erly way that her first duty	is to
half or three quarters of an hour he	,	hp rapidly develop-	related that in 1868 Lord Beacons-	her children, and with this in
found the wrench. He noticed that	".	..	hlI«in««	m>tiLude which	he	field happened to sit near Sir Mich-	sho gjve» them every possible	moth© nuts oil the bolts turned hard, f	. .	..	.	.	hi	fftther- and in	ael at a big	dinner, ard was much	mcnt of her time. There is not a debut said that they were rusty, and	'"nation	U	mav be Interest-	struck by the	fact that, though the	tail of their education that escapes
a little patience would conquer. Ln .	,	rlv lesson he I conversation waxed eloquent on all her active mind, and she devotes
When the nuts finally came off the ,ng . 4hjft	tho value of sides, Sir Michael scarcely opened considerable of her time to the study
two end frames flew together like ,eurn	his mouth. Afterwards lx>rd Be a- 0f questions of hygiene and other
long-lost s.stove and shut Jlrviitou	monc^'	_	nrkV	consfleld asked his hostess who the	natural details which	enter into the
up in the folds of the web like a	WHEN	1IE WAS A	SMALL	i) Ji,	9iiCnt visitor was, and on learning	raising of a happy,	healthy family
salmon in a glllnet. Hé got out under a private tutor his father name ænt for him the following Qf children.
after awhile, and when he had ex- once offered him a penny for every day ard offered him the under-secre- The extreme simplicity of tho pressed himself succinctly carried the	board he and a young friend	would	taryship of the Home Department.	Czarina's costumes is	another cause
mattress upstairs where he set about	nail up	in the fences	on his	estate	Qn being asked why he had made	for offense. On this	point she has	jhowever, unq| |
putting it together again. To his	at Forest	Park,	near Cleveland,	gucb a choice	Lord Reaconsfield	re-	allowed herself to be treated	with	; keep their	teeth in
groat surprise he found that the web	Ohio. The	money	earned in this	plled that	he	had been attracted	to	and has yielded somewhat to	the	mouths. but	in their
had shrunk about four sizes and that	way the boy	insisted	on placing in	tbo young	politician by the fact	of	arguments of the Czar, who enter-	achs. One of	the lamprey	family
the frames refused to resume their	his father's	hands	for irvestment,	abilitv	to	keep a wise tongue	in	tains more respect for court	pro-	of fishes has one single tooth	mi	the
former positions. He tugged	and	with the	result	that the	few	dollars	head."	jindicee.	As	a	revolt	of	the	Czar a middle of its palate, ami the rest on
hauled for awhile, but the sticks had of a dozen years ago are represent-	g _	entreaties the Czarina has modified its tongue,
an irritating habit of wrenching ed now by several hundreds of dol- n.llt,nAa wad TIME	her favorite costume of white or
themselves out of him grasp	and	lars.	CAMERAS	black	velvet,	modestly	decollete
and he always hap- When his business apprenticeship pened to be in the trajectory of ono was complete his father appointed of them.	him a director of one of the many
At last he nailed two of the	scant-	railways	which	he controls;	and to-
lings to the floor and began	draw-	day he may be	regarded	as	a Ally-
ing the other two into their places, fledged partner of the king of mil-Mrs. Bronson here entered the strug- Honalres.
gle, but still further reinforcements He still, however, remains as un-were required, and the children came, spoilt as when he was earning pen-The family lined up along one stick aies by nailing boards in the Forest and pulled till Bronson strained him park fences, and hi» daily life runs wrist, and let go. Then the web got on the same simple lines as that of in Its work, and two children were his father. He rises early every thrown violently to tho ceiling, while morning, and almost invariably has Mrs. Bronson, caught by the es- a canter in the park before break-caping frame, ws knocked breath-	After breakfast he repairs to
less.	his desk on the fourteenth floor of
Bronson said a lew things, gather- the palatial Standard Oil Corned up the children and vent.vtol the pany'g offices, where he is usually attempt. But the esprit de corps the first to arrive ard the last to was gone from the community ef- ieave; returning to his father's house forts, and after a few further trials, in West Fifty-Fourth street to dine in which the list of injured was like &nd «pend the evening, that of an excursion train accident, | Like his father he shuns society,
Bronson summoned a neighbor. The two men toiled all the afternoon then the neighbor let go of the
scantling web at the wrong time, ther's example, he neither It was Bronson's jaw that suffered. nor drink# He has, however, many Bronson thought he did It purpose- hobbies which keep him iully and ly, and the two fought earnestly healthily occupied. He is paseior-and convincingly for half an hour, ately fon(j Df music, and spends at the end of which time the neigh- many hours playing the violin with bor's wife came and called him to h|fl fftther; he is an expert swimmer
and skater, and is a doughty player the football field, while many of his happiest hours are spent on horseback.
He spends most of his limited allowance on books, of which he is a keen lover and student; but perhaps hie most engrossing hobby is the Sunday School, in which, like his parents, he is a teacher, and tho
of young men.
bering about two hundred, to whom he is teaching the same doctrine of a healthy body and a pure mind which he eo well exemplifies In his
eh ? He always was
i
• *
11
' He was schoolmate with us, with you too," she said frowning, with quite a serious attempt at severity, "and I think you ought to be glad to see him too, Hal. He's been wounded and sick, and suffered ever So many things over there."
But Updike didn't care whether his old schoolmate over came back, he had some plans of his own with regard to Susie.
But Dan came back just the same, and the girls made quite a hero of him—for a few days. He had some presents too, principally for Susie. He brought a great carton of cigars for old Dr. Poppitz, and they lay open on the little table by his bod the night tho good old apothecary dic'd.
After the funeral was over and the good old doctor was forgotten Harold began to cut quite a ligure in Beeno circles. The store owed ney to the Hot Springs wholesaler, anfl Hal was acting manager for its creditor. Meanwhile ho was paying
to Miss
i
i
t
the palace are not to
<
E
n
for
which he for so many years
II
r
<
3
».
Grasshoppers one wing against Cicadas, another
e
THE WIRE MATTRESS.
r

0
Under Control It is a Good Thing, But Otherwise—

away.
The only member of the moth or butterfly family which is capable of producing sound Is the big death’s-head moth, which squeaks when caught. This sound is, so far
know, caused by the rubbing of one segment of its body over another.
i
4
mere do-
mo-

n
as
e
wc
1
the most ardent court Susie. She might have bathed in costly
mi nobly on bonbons and ice cream soda without infringing an inch upon Updike’s grandiose hospitality. He sent her presents of every kind of note paper, fancy toilet articles, soaps, novelties, combe, brushes and the rest of drug store fancy goods.
Dan Atterbury's star, on the contrary, was on the descent, lie had put aside his weather-stained campaign suit and was loafing. A soldier out of his regimentals and out of a job is not usually a heroic spectacle. Some of the good people of Beeno began to hint that "soldierin’ alius did make fellers no 'count," and Atterbury was commencing to be aware of his questionable when fixing a said :
E
PEES AND SCORPIONS
l
perfumes and feasted inter-
sting with their tails, snakes strike with poison fangs: but one of tho most hideous-looking of all known creatures poisons its victims its feet. This 1s the centipede. There are no centipede» in England, but they arc common in most tropical countries. If one of these creature» walks across the arm or body of a man, it leaves a scarlet trail of
poisoned flesh behind.
Most creatures resemble ourselves in the fact that food put into the mouth is reduced to pulp, either by teeth or horny plate», before it pus-into the digestive organa. Snails,
slugs, do not
their stom-
i

with
view




ses

position in the community, at her gate one night Susie, poppy in his buttonhole.

Danny, what are you going to
« •
family of
There is a whole large living creatures which have no feet, yet can move along any surface at a slow but sure pace. These are tho gastropods, and comprise all the
These use the

do ?"
I don't know yet, Sue." he hesitated ; "I've got over two hundred saved up, I told you, and if I sell that loot I brought home I'd have a pretty good stake—i erhaps eight hundred or a thousand. We could get n Susie."
No, we couldn't, Dan. Not unless you had a position, or some business or something ahead. It doesn't take long to spend a thousand dollars, Dan."
. "Well, what would you do ?" he as’od, boylike, "I'm willing to do anything. Would you go to the city and study law, dr medicine,
Pharmacy ?" she laughed, helping him out, "no Dan, don’t study pharmacy if it's going to make you
like Hal. He's----’’
1 don’t think you ought to backbite him, Sue. You ought to send back his presents
him to stop.” _MLI _ _l WX Oh, I don’t know. Ho gives them
to all the girls the same as to me.
I know, Sue. But he’s beginning to talk like he owned you. I don't like it."
And Updike wondered that Susie quit buying trifles at the store and he become q,uite enraged when she asked him, kindly, to send her no more gifts.
The drug store is for sale, Sue,” was
weeks later.
the city telling Hal to look out for a purchaser. Seems it hasn't been making money, or they don’t want to be bothered with it. Too bad, isn’t it. Hal will lose his job."
¦ Why don’t you buy it, Danny ?"
It was a bold Idea and they looked at each moonlight. But
Springs next day with all his money and a little that she had been Saving since she could remember, and—he bought the Racket drug atora JBut when he came back to Consort, and Prl with his bIW pt male sad the Saturday#.
»

the
To France probably belongs credit of using the camera for| ¦
MfiffliflB
¦¦
elsewhere in Europe, but the C zar
has no love for this relic of orientalism, nor does
Hjjr
Herr Bucen Fa* has bit upon an works hard at humanitarian schemes
*
raised, which it Is hoped may end them by law. but no inferior member
Bixwdiiy In the capture of the crim- of the nobility would aver dream o Inal.	Intruding.
WITHOUT J EWELRY.

war


snails and whelks, under sides of their bodies as feet. They creep along by means of powerful muscles, with which that port of their bodies is lined. These créa-





i If
married on lvse than that,


I II m I H m	^jjRf/Trf j
have their body covered with , f
« l
lures	„	,
a mantle, to the right of the body, f
iH a small hole through which they breathe.



have
who
L.


EXTERNAL USE OF OLIVE OIL.
One of the most wholesome and nutritious articles of diet is olive oil, and it it* ns beneficial for exterior internal use. It was
who
ns i


and
his



tag


nai as
the custom of the ancients,
most luxurious in their hath-

lug habits, to anoint the body With vegetable oils after the bath. Athletes and gladiators also anointed their bodies with oils. Roman athletes were ir tho habit of using the freshly expressed oil <*f the olive to give agility and suppleness to their limbs. Some of the greatest beauties of whom history tells have also been prone to the use of oil. Mme. Recamier was in the habit of par taking freely of olive oil with her food and using It also after tho Her beautiful skin and clear complexion were doubtless due this rather than to powders or paints. Tradition says that both Cleopatra and Zenobia partook freely of olive oil and used oils after the bath. In the countries where the olive flourishes. such as Italy, medical practitioners use the oil very freely for a host of ailments. It is maintained in the Levantine countries that the exterral use of oil prevents rheumatism, gout and other kindred malar dies which are aggravated by teraal chills, and that the Internal use of the oil removes the teste co dition of the blood which leads ta


# «
or at least tell
and prefers a quiet evening at home
to all the attractions of dances and er8 an<j eVery englreering corps theatres; and. also, following his fa- rieJI with it complete photographic
smokos


« «
• *
he care for pomp cousin of Germany. He
4 4
CRIMINAL CATCHER.
realize, and

supper.
"My dear." evening,
house, "I think man will give you 36 cents for that mattress you had better take it. I always despised that second-hand man, and this will be a glorious opportunity to show my ill will toward him."
bath.
said Bronson, that when the doctor left the if the second-hand
to
on
• *
saying one night a few *'I heard the man from

if
i cl



4 4
numr
ROYALTY'S UNLUCKY DAY.
other silently in the he went to Hot
Saturday Is considered an unlucky day for the British Royal Family. William HI., Queen Anne, George
I.,
»

own life.
, George III., George IV.. the Duchess of Kent, the Prince
Alice died on
There are 6.416 different parts In g modern locomotive,



;
A



###PAGE###4###






THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
SMART & SMITH
For the Threshing Season
MASSEY-HARRIS
SHAW VILLE.
Wheat (sttuulavd) 00 to 00v. Flour per barrel, $0.00 to $0.00 Oats per bushel, A-» to Ale. Pease per bushel, 00 to tVx\ Buckwheat, ttk\ per bush. Bye, per bush. 00 cents.
Kggs, per dozen, 15c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to Vie. Wool, per pound, 111 to 15c. Pelts, eneli, 35 to 45c.
Hides, 11.50 to $5.50»
Calfskins, 45 to 65 cents each.
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE, OCT, 2, 1902
WARE-ROOMS
•*
)

Many of the Liberal newspapers thru’-out the country cannot titul it in their consciences to condone the action of the t.owriimcnt in liheratiug from jail, before a quarter of his term had expired the arch crook Brunet, who was found guilty on three counts of gross fraud in connection with the Dominion election in Sr.. James division of Montreal. Brunet i< too valuable an adjunct to the operations of the “ machine " to have behind n Lira, with the Hklihood of a by election or two looming up.
We are now prepared to supply you with
In Case of Difficulty
Feeding Mitts, ac e Leather,
Cotton Overalls and Jumpers, Machine Oil and Oil Cans.
i
OTTAWA
Butter, print, 21c. per lb.
*' pails. 18 to Ittc. per lb
Eggs, fresh. AV. per dos.
Potatoes, 50c, per bag.
Lamb, 8 to Pc. per lb.
Mutton, 6 to 7c. per lb.
Beef, H to ftje. per lb.
Pork. $8.00 to $0.25 per 100.
Oats, 28 to 80c. per bushel. Hay, $5.50to $8.00 per ton. Wool U to 15c. per lb.
The l nited States government has increased the import, duty on wood pulp entering that country from Canada be cause of the Quebec act relating to the cutting of the same on Crown lands.
Vhis act provides for a stum page fee of <>0 cents per cord on pulp wood, but when such is manufactured into pulp in Canada a rebate of 25 cents per cord is allowed It. is this reliate which is seized upon as a pretext by the V. S. Treasury Board for poking a retaliatory duty upon our pulp. Our Government would do the right thiuÿ now if they would simply stop our friends across the line fiom getting any of our pulp wood to feed their
mills, by imposing a stiff export duty I Strayed on to the premises of the un thereon. Nothing would conduce to dersigned on 1st September, a dark bay
fetch the Yankee coon down more quick- ! mare with white star in forehead. Owner
1	1 may have the same by proving property
1 paying expenses
with the horse the quality of the harness will tell.
Also a full line of the best quality Delf goods, which are sure to be in demand now.
Table Cutlery and always on hand at right prices.
HARNESS THAT FITS
Fresh Clean Groceries, I WILL NOT WORRY THE HORSE-
s
and will make him feel perfectly at ease. We sell perfectly fitting Harness.
im
Stray Mare.
MACFARLANE BROS-
SMART & SMITH.
o
h
am
VVM. CURLEY, Ragged Chute
The Tyranny of Unionism
S.—Sewing Machines and Cream Separators.
1902 p
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL !
District Attorney Jerome, of New York st the opening of # new hall of the East Side Settlement the other day, availed
himaelf of the opportunity of freeing hie Province of Quebec mind on the subject of t he relations of Municipality of L larendon labor and capital. Mr. Jerome has ac- Public notice la hereby given by the un-
at wçrsr.
question, when he entered on what may completed for the current year, 1802, mid be termed a defence of the trusta and also the Collection Roll of the said muni-followed it up by a direct attack upon the cipulity for the current year. 1802, to pay
tyranny of organized labor. When ,o interest and am king fund of the railway Remember that W0 are adding tü OUF reputation AS man-
much is being said from the public plat- in"he office oTthe und«*lgnV\md all	ufaCtUFCrS of Hltifl GRADE FlOVK.
form regarding the evils or the trusta it is persons whose names appear therein as
KÎSK:	YOU don't Catch Us standing still and trying to do bust-
nny foetered by the trust,-the .lmo.t Jh.-n-of to mv; at my olHce within the neSS Solely Oil a reputation already established, ÎSO, Sir :
* reeoaniamcrt nf th all */Ad n>hi t twenty day» following the date of t hia no-	J	1	J
union, t. .wp m-n nut of in. orR-utv ''Vli,",,''li 'si'ul. ' .iT.-' t'h'. iu.-iio -r-uui We want Hard Milling Wlvjat and can pay the
Ml,’ird^nS','™'"................... highest price for it. We have a large stock of Flour
dissatisfaction with the ferma and condi-	lf- MAI1IESON,	and all kinds of Feed and CAR make PllICES LIGHT.
lion of labor, but simply for th® fact that N » .That the said AKsessment Tnot one or more men may have been engaged divisible must be paid and promptly, who were not members of the union. In-	!!. Mathksox. Xj
deei, organized labor can go even further | than this in this direction for it was only the other day that a strike occurred among the men engaged on the repairs to the White House at Washington, caused not by the introduction of non union labor, but by the appearance on the scene c* mon working for another contractor and belonging to a labor union with which the striking union was not on friendly terms. Could anyth!' g be more ridicu lows than this ? Cou'd anything possibly be more tyrannical ? Who was the sufferer ? It was net the men whose appearance was the cause of the strike, nX the man who emp'oyed the nit mb r * of this obj -mi uable un on, Uu the e mployer of the strikers, who had no con-1 old corn whatever in the employment if tin sa men, who possessed no means of
remedying the grievance of his employees, Toronto, Sept. 23.—The Ontario gov-but who wu.s nevertheless compedfd to ernment his eo'd the old par itment sutler Icri cf tune aid profit so that the bui.'du gs to a paving con pmy and they union with which he had no conflict could are to be tern down and removed before measure swords with another with which July 1st, 1003 he had absolutely nothing to do. Could will be us id as foundation anything be more unjust than th:s ? Yet the most his mic in Toronto. It was first such acts as this on the part used for leg;sl»tiw purposes in 1832 and of organized labor are daily goading espi. at intervals until 1892, the longest un-tal into a position where it will be a case 1 r ken period being from 1867 until 1892 of lighting it out to the bitter end.	3S the home of the Out trio legislature.
People wonder why the coal operators Within its walls William Lyon Mac do not make concessions .to the r Kenzie thundered against the family corn-employees and thus relieve*! the p3C‘; and Baldwin. Lt Fountain®. Mac-coal famine. Probably they would only donald, Mowat, Galt, Cartier and other be too glad to do se were they assured <f greit polit cal leaders unco their repu-any permanency in the conditions which | tation might bo established as a result of the sittement. But there is no guarantee of this permanency, and to capitulate inw would only mean another tight or another retreat in the near future. There are labor unions which are crnducted
with a sense of fairness—fairness to the Canadian exporters of wood pulp will ,,	,	,	.	,
men in their ranks, to the employers of pretest against paying the increased im- Queem^nd announces that the question these men and to the men who arc rot port duty ordered by the treasury board *'f 8®c'“l0D f[°m the Commonwealth of included in the ranks of unionists. But of the United States government. They A"*traha wi 1 be a vital one at the next thete unions are few. With the great c’aim that it is wholly unfair and that	^^,on.f,D Queensland. He is
number it is a constant struggle to gather the reason assigned for such action on the convinced that if t he state returns mem-every worker within their toils and to part of the United States authorities is )er* to the federal Parliament pledged to squeeze the most out of their employers, not justifiable. A clause of the American	Queensland to a continued in-
itie these unions which pass blatant re- tariff having reference to wood pulp pro- clueton in the refemiduo, secession will eoluiions on the evils of the trusts and at vices that when any country rr depen- Ço^ utionally follow. He does not be-the same time conseive * heir energies t ) dency imposes an export duty on pulp leve al - lwr cei) • of he electors will propagating an evil which is the cause of wood exported to the States the amount 8Up,>or HUch lncJu®,<>n- exporta the inoreactiul suffering than the most gig- of such shall be added to the existing im- a«PI>oi of New South Wa'es and Western
antic wrong of which the trusts may fce port duties when the articles is brought * Ul la* accused. This sort of thing cannot ccn- from such country or dependency. The tinue indefinitely, and become daily more point of objection, however on the part intensified by the extension of this chiai of Canadian exporters is that no export of unionism
Public Notice.
s
QLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS
UICH CLASS # MEDIUM
FURNITURE.
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
I

JAMES WILSON.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
Farm to Ijent.
rales must be made from time to time, or the province on the tariff issue ary s ch read jus men • s wou'd mit Canidia 11 Riore thin Mr. Fisher's prohibition people. He believed in frvo trade, but | apeochrs represented the thought of Que-free trade was actually impracticable t » bee on tho regulation of the l.quor traffic. The undersigned offers to rent Ida Farm
% 12	liE ™?EH'5E:r:E$
may have to lower the duty on s me ar‘i- al protectioi n‘s, and intimate 1 that no ail<) uz„ivr cultivation. With the property cles and raise it	on	others,	but	we	want a !	onc but a protect!mist	would be likely to	will also he rented n full supply of farm
tiriff whereby we	may get	the	highest de- ]	cor 7 a co;utitueicy in	this locality. 1	machinery, together with the stock, cot>
I dont mind if the ie P t^Ud out that Mr. Fisher was a sistlngof eight cows, several young rattle
=1",A 'T fr :“''rXrî..X Ç"r.”
wh<m protec.i%e du.ies	of ».),	) i n 1 .*,»	stables and other necessary out- wilding»,
p-'rc 1 t. wArs -mp^ed	«>' n 'a li .t ,f	ynq pnrtk-ulzirs ns to terms, etc, ma I
s Th»'i c une the amu tican’ known on application to the undersign'» words: “Mr. F.»her and tho e who this k the premise», or by left
r If rrriaiAn ,.f
1897, vs they w 11 accept the revision ‘ * which iuqoies i Fo f on the country »• the rr.rent time. He who lives will
Choice
Fall
THE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
grce of prctqeriy Americans l ke it or not
An Historic Pi.s
1
»: t
Goods
now coming in
i ¦ » 1 '
GEORGE TEI.FtiRD.
FACTORY
< NTlIili TO A Ï
XHM XMKNT lU lLl'lXcs >VO 1‘AVIMi COMPANY
1 Ire him ncceivrd *h
(Formerly McCredie & fjodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
Farm for Sale.
a e
AT
This is a strong language from a s'rong man, confident in his ability to carry hi* point; and the past record of the Hon rumen t quite justifies it. From Sir Wilfrid Laurier down to whoever is the most opportunist of the lot, there is notone who would n< t and will not sacrifice what I e has advocated as nutters of principle for what he desires lit matter of political profit. Mr. Tarte knows them, and can aff-rdto talk to them as a master.— Montreal Oazitte.
Part of Lot 27 of the 5th Range of Clarendon RM acres ; convenient to Shaw-ville, Portage du Fort, Bryson and l\ P. J. R’y.; IIS acres cleared well fenced and well watered, soil, rich clay loam, and in a good state of cultivation, level, hut with sufficient slope to drain well, 75 acres ready for grain crop next year. 28 acre* of hay, balance in pasture,of which IS acres is cleared, orchard of 50 trvesL large com raodious house, 2 barns, 40x.sl feet, and horse stable 24xHO feet, fitted up with track for hay fork, IK) foot shed, cow house for 20 head, * pig house, wood shed, carriage house, granary and dairy. 50 acres ready for wheat next war. W ill he sold with or
x*
The brick and stone
It is one ( f
The Starkes Corners
Cheap
Cash
Store.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, T I! E PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: g6oD WORK DONE. :: ::

without stock and at terms to suit pur chaser. Price greatly reduced for (mined iatv sale. For further particulars appl)
LIONEL HODGI NS.
Radford, Que
Secession
U. S. Tax on Pulp
NEW AUSTRALIA* COMMONWEALTH THREAT- I t<y
KNt'h WITH TROUBLE.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
i
Groceries always fresh
and select.
APPLIES TO PVLPWOOD CUT ON PRIVATE AN WELL AS CROWN LANDS
Sydney, N, S. YV , September 23.— Hon. Robert PhiUp, prime minister of
Sir Oliver Mowat’a term as Litu enai t Governor if Ontario expirt* on November 18th next, but he retains office until his successor ia appointed. Rumor has been very p* niaient in naming Hon. R. VV. Scott. Secretary of State, as his successor. but it is learned on high authority that it is moat probable that Sir Oliver will retain office even if not appointed for another term.
y
SILAS YOUNC.
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
%
Here it is I STT*
The Place
If the majority of the people of Canada are protectionists, a# Mr. Tarte truly ¦ays, it seems an anomaly to retain in power a government that is admittedly composed principally as free traders in disguise, time servers whom force of circumstance# and hunger for office have forced to dissemble their political feelings. What the country wants is the party that invented protection and made Canada what it ia—the grand old Conservative party.—Ottawa Citizen.
Lillian Stacey, the girl whose scalp was torn from her head at Comwa’l in the cotton mills, ha# died as the result of her injuries
SASH and DOOR
Representation of Maritime
Province.
FACTORY.
duty exists. In the province of Quebec j	—
Mr. Jerome’s remark that unionism ] when pulp wood is cut on crown lands | the ^vebec < INFERENCE* cannot trust its leaders is unfortunately a stumpage fee of GO cents is imposed, only too true, and it will remain true un- Subsequently when this ia manufactured
til the spirit of unionism has passed Intel into pulp a rebate of 25 cants is allowed I Montreal, Sept. 85. -There appears to the guidance of mon who are less arrogant, ai an inducement towards furthering the | be a hitch in the conference arranged to fair-minded, more rational, men j industry. The United States treasury j take place when the Canadian provincial who will recognize that every man ha# a j board has seized upon this rebate as a j premiers were in London with respect to right to earn his living, even if he is not ; pretext in imposing a retaliatory duty I the anticipated reduction of repreaenta-under the banner of unionism, and that amounting to about twenty cents# ton on j tion of the maritime provinces in the capital is not merely the creature cf wood pu’p and for y cents on sulphite, j house of commons on account of the bloated millionaires, but the dependence The ruling, it ia contented, is most unfair • «bowing of these provinct.fi in the last of countless ones who have toiled long forthoreaarn that a great part of the I census. A meeting was arranged to take and assiduously, of widows, fatherless pulp weed exported comes from private j place in Quebec early next mouth, but so chile’ran and orphans —MontreaHîazs I . properties or limits and rot from crown j far no steps have been taken to call it
lands to which the government stumpage together
fee applitfi However, as the l nited j j3 found
States needs Canadian wood for pulp | Patent, of Quebec, who refutes to have the additional expense cornea largely out of the pockets cf their own consumers.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
OK PREMIERS
HAVE FALLEN THROUGH
hi connection with iny former Irani-nefis I have just placed in position a act of firwt class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
more
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Repairing
„	. -	_	1 Uor which I am now prepared to re
neatly done at lowest ce,vc ordei* guarantee first-claas
prices.	1 work
The Crazy Douks
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, Sto.
MR 8IFTOX WILL HELL ABANDONED CATTLE TO PROVIDE FOOD FOR HIS WARDS.
It is repotted that the reasons in the coldness of Premier
Winnipeg, Sept. 22. —The reports that the Doukhobvr colony mound Yorkton hate abandoned their stock in pursuance of a strange religious bt-lief that it is a sin to hold cattle or to use béants of lurdeo to assist in their labors, hare been confirmed. The government has taken steps to save the Doukhobore from the effects of their follv. Government agents have seized all the cattle sheep and horses which were turned at large by their owners, and the live stock will be sold at auction and the money so obtained will be used to provide food for the Do* ukhobors during the winter months, it is understood 500 head were se zed.
Premier Rose is with Mr. Tarte
anything to do with the proposal to ask i he British parliament to amend the British (forth America Act. Therefore, it is low stated, a plan of operation has been adopted. All tko maritime provinces représentât ves will refuse to vote fur any distribution bill which proposes to make any reduction in the membership front these provinces.
PROVINCIAL LEADER OF LIBERALS JOINS IN PLEA FOR PROTECTION
Stnthroy, Sept. 2i’> --The annual West The Voice of The Master.
Middlesex Union Fall fair here was	—”	.
* formally opened yesterday by .Bon. Mr. La Patrie, evidently speaking f«»r Tsrte. The minister spoke for twenty Mr. Tarte, has dealt with the case of Mr. minutes during a pouring rain. He said Fisher, who foolhardily ventured tos<e 'lid Canadians had only to he true to	their	Mr. Wifton's opposition to the energetic
country to see great things in the	near	minister's pio ection campaign. Mr.
future. Premier Ross also spoke. Re Fisher is told that his views (which La ferring to tho tariff question Mr.	Ross	Petrie presumes are vwoed by the 11.)rald)|L-	-J
seated that a readjustment of the	tariff	do not represent the opinion of the city	died at	11 ihfax, aged 11)4.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future In crease In business.
DALE BROS.,

Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
Thos. Shaw, the oldest man in Nova Scotia, a veteran uf the Crimean war,
P. S.— Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.






###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Mens’ Suits and Overcoats.
Weekly Journal devoted to local Interests.
l»UHL!ftHen KV1RY TMUS8DAY
AT BHAWV1LLR, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
» SUBSCRIPTION —$ 1.00 A UAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearage» tire paid, unies» by special arrangement with the publisher.
To give Starched clothe* the finest paisible finish with least amount of ironing use
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Bee Starch
Your particular Suit or Overcoat want is here, and being here is proof positive that you’ll not have to pay more than is fair and reasonable for
*
4
o
The
ADVERTISING RATES I
>
4
it.
Iiêgal advertising. eight cent* per lino fnr first insertion nml four cent# per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Final ne*» cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #4.00 per year.
I/ical announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and
cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without I net rue ttous accompanying them will lie Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Illrth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three oeuts per line.
Perrin
StarcH
Let us serve you this week with
Suikey
Perfection Brand.

Requires no boiling but only mixing with hot or cold water, The iron cannot stick to the linen when Bee Starch is used.
A eel of three Patent Plat Irene alckled, la exchange
We have placed into stock this week a very attractive and well-selected Stock of “ Union made” Clothing for men and boys. Our buying powers are far-reaching, so much so that we find an open door to every prominent market, which makes possible such extraordinary low prices for good " Union made ” Tailored Clothing.
Plow.

JOB PRINTING.
Alt hinds of Job Printing neatly and rheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
FREE
These Plows, made in several numbers, are adapted fco many natures of Hoi 1, hut are nil fitted with the same adjustments and carriages. The weight both of the plow and the driver is borne on wheels with dust proof bearings and the strain on the horses is less than with any walking plow doing the same work.
The action and work of the plow is controlled entirely by the driver without leaving his seat or stopping his team, and any man, woman, boy or girl who can drive a team car. do more work in a day than an experienced plowman can do with any Walking or any other Riding Plow, and do it as well.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
4
In Starch Co., Montréal
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
DR. McNAUGHTON. CEO. HYNES, Overcoats.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
Every Plow is provided with a Spring Lift and adjustment* for regul a ting by Lever the width and depth of furrow and lay of the sod, adjust able lock for striking out and finishing up land, etc.
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
At the new house built by .lamesCuthbertson. opposite
"" B""1I‘IMsT,*A3T
We're able to do exceptionally well for you in Men’s Overcoats, both for fall and winter wear, a large stock of the new makes to choose from. Prices very low.
| undertaker.
8HAWVTLLB, - ¦ QDB
A. SMILEY.
Ladies’ Jackets.
D. B. ALEXANDER, * D., C. *
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria Uslveralty, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orvirs AMD Rmidbsvi : J. U Asmstsovo'» Hoosk, MAIN HTRKRT - - SIIAWVILLE.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
SAVE MONEY
.. AND ..
BUY FROM US
Besides showing an extensive range of imported Jackets, we have also placed into stock an attractive assortment of Canadian-made garments. Our Jacket sales so far have been very active. We advise an early call.
IN UNDERTAKING
LEGAL.
I also keep a complete stock of rune-ral Furnishings, ranging from the
D. LECUERRIER, iJSXE'fcÆsSSKïi
NOTARY PUBLIC,	| attendance. Open tlav and nights*
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of every week. Office at R MeC. Ritchie’s residence
District and Country.
B0DRBEAÜ RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
The Cloak assortment is at its best just now,
our third shipment having arrived.
Mr. Justice R. E. Fontaine, Judge of the Sup wr Court fvi the district of Richelieu, formerly a prominent politician of St. Hyacinthe, ii d^ad.
Mr. llêfty C*>rby êi«M» P.$ of Bells*
ADVOCATE, Ac.,	I ville, who h>t been at K uhVad, Huh *11119,
Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks f»r the beuiiit of hie health, haa returned St., Ottawa, Ont.	home much improved.
AT SHAWVILliE EVERY MONDAY. | The Ontario Corundum Company hie
-—------------ purchased the corundum property of Mr.
/>!*>/%	WPIfîHT. N Armi'nng, in the Towuji.p of Cai-
VllLVe We Wwl^lwn f J low iu the Ciunty of liaai.’nga arid are
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER. AC*»
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
ADVOCATE . . nUYSON,
All Summer Goods will be sold at cost and below cost to make room for new Winter Stock.
o
Wm. gamble,
G.F.HODGINS
Office
Come and see our Prices.
Dr. J. H. Tennant, Government Vet-
erir.ary Surgeon of London, !a*t week opening up a depots’. Toey have seventy- ,j,eCl)Vered a very serioLS outbreak of hog
livu men at wmk and are pu'Lng in a | cholera a*. Tilbury E&st, and in four days mill and plant for ream g the ore
tremely winning ana attractive girl#, are not os.ly not greeted, but are actually scowled and cursed at as they tizixe out through the street».
The effect of this terrible strain on the a’a mind, inclining ns it already i« t • hysteria, may be serious. It is sa'd but for the comfort and sympathy extended by the Grai.d Duchess Serge the would already have broken down.
7 he czar is attached to her still, but hia chagrin at his recent disappointment ta unconcealed, and his anxiety to have an heir is overmastering, so Plobiodonost* z*fFa Intrigue may prove successful.
The Yukon Murder Case.
289 hog# were killed under hi? direction
^ Bu148 8p8^ Street-Ottawa.
J. F. GRONAU - LADYSMITH.
7.\
. . , . . Marlbvr
Phone No. 1124.	I |\,wiiel«ip. V*rl# on t'ouu y, t a*
Attends courts of Ottawa and 1 ontiac-1 lliemt>^reC| ||M Mes|;oîi«t G, un h in li Distri'
Thus, fi « 1 iway of Siv»w fl »k*‘, M rt* 1 Itftd as tbe result « f lighting a prairie
rire. The fire çam# to hon.Diketii end will. H.s brtiaie in v.ilutd ai SU.6C0 ,uly forty teres of crop were desuoyed Of this 84,000 g e# in bequests to brothers ou account if the persistent tight made and sisters. Toe reniai ling 95,000 is de- | by the farmer*, voted to the M -thvGi.it Missionary
Tnv late -1*
i
W. W. IRELAND,
A nev Roman Catholic diocese will
,	0	. m, •	,	4, probably r.on be created, with Joliette
L’.cdsay, Sept. «1. This inornir.gih.ort y as e,) ec0pal seat. Chancellor Ar
Vter midiughi .i freight tr»ia (torn Mid- chwnbau!t of lha A cbdiocess of Mont-
land nearing Cambray, m tie t.iarid feai a brother of the Attorney-General
Trunk, broke loose and the rear part was ^ ^he province of Quebec, is mentioned run into hy another freight fol.owiog M fche tin$t biahop Two trainmen wore killed and three in Theirmuiea and fu l psrtioulne
Two et g ms and | Survey staff, has arrived ia the Capital I Ottawa, September 20—Comptroller
after spending six months in the Sudbury Pred. White, of the Norhweit Mounted Strict working and experimenting Police Department, has received a des-
w„,...................................... «*	“ : îSiratiiSttit
every week.	g iing east on a urdoy, morning Sept. ho(Tle in order thst he might prepare hi, reat for the murder of B^uthilette. Beau
*0’ *cd mitant ly killed, He waeon hi» ,ep0rt in concoction with hi» experiment., din and Constantin, in the Yukon, last J. J. TURNER,	bicycle going over the rotd and did no *.,n deal with the constituents of the	will not tike place for some days
or pSfvate aale^on*eaaenabt#*'term7./Pub- The new British cruiser Drake has de- practicil characb r and of great value to j assumed names, started -out to convey
kssf	smssss be- he eh
now and again raised .bout the inferiority «round surroundings and i. considered a , The bodies of two of (he men. with ropes
ftï-JRS a sazs 3 %	Fra 1 w w J&ssti.'Sÿ
when they want swiftness are not likely miP of the °udbury district two years Constantine has not yet been discovered. |n the Township of Litchfield, two miles
*nd	The produce com mission merchant! of in which the work was held by them. Peary Gives up the Pole. flnt0IRar^e ooiiUining0!^ acres, with
JEWELLER	Montreal have laid a grievance before	Dr. Barlow a work, which	was f fa prac-	- eight room dwelling house, large kitchen,
Esers	Prof. Robertton, Dominion Dairy Com-	tical nature is not quite	howhed in the	Hg HAg DEV|DKt>	xo	make	no	FURTHER	and all necessary outbuildinm ;
-sr ssaEBas Bjgssss
jewellkrt,	egg trade haa been comparatively neglect-	which has been extensive and successful.	| tenant Robert E Peary, in	an	interview	AI|10 South Kant Half of Lot No. 21 in
SILVERWARE	ed. They aay a very profitable business	'	.	herd, aaya :	“Un	no	account	shall I	same range, consisting principally of bush
with England in this line can be built up,	Anxious lor &D n8IT.	make an effort to return to the North, land.
with the aid of the Government in eecur-	I have done all that could be done with On the above three lots there are about
ing cold atorage transposition.	THK uv.v*;k.\i i»ins*ii^im« v jk the facilities at my command, and shall 75 acres cleared. The property is wei!
HiB.M AK, UIBU..	I no, resume my duties in the nary, and re- wwtered (partiv by the 0 ttowariver). and
8t. Petersburg, via Berlin, Sept.28.- %'gÔw7er's‘re^n foree.ling Ta K
The «arme, position ¦ growing ex- , hl,e lb.ndoned further poible en-	y‘
treme’y precermus »t court for, el hough dee,ours t0 re,chlhe pole. fhe po,e „„
divorce Is forbidden by the Orthodox b, reached. It is e question tf n onev Greek church, there i. e strong feeling, ^ of fhe explorerl- cu,fit. Cou'd I
shsred by pea ent. end sr.stoerats alike, h.veput my ship as hr nmth ne I in
some mean, should be found by the Und£ ,nd * [ eou!d have done hnl	,	, „
ho y synod to ict her aside for a wife who ehe ^en equal to the requirements 1 Mr. J. R. Booth's sawdust and refuse ia likely to bear the czir an heir to the	have made the pole.	burner emitted smoke from the top of tta
throne «	_____^_____ immense funnel on Monday morning hi
PobledcmcA zeff, the procurator of the	~*“L	sufficient volume to announce to the world
holy synod, who through the agency of	ivuaaian Disaster.	tbit it had resumed business at the old
hi* popes, has already undermined the	--- stand. The water running eut of fche
czarina a position with the masses because	over one humdbbd person* r* unefi wsl^e ^tea already presents a whiter ap-
he believes her adoption of the r rthodf *	™ death.	pearance for the sawdust that used to go
faith insecure, is suspected of fomenting	into the river with this water gave a
this agitation f*r a divorce.	St. I etersbunr, September .3.—While ^en tinge to the falling liquid. Pro-
The ostensible ground suggested is that 400 pwains wtrj celebrating a peasant a yay, those who were so anxious of river the czarina haa never conscientiously con- wedding in the village of Werba, near poi|uvon W,H now reel satisfied that J. formed to the orthodox re'igion, and, Moscow, a cigarette was carelessly thrown Booth's transgression on this score ia therefore, she never has been legally the in the him where the gueits were as- * [hing of the past —Hull Despatch.
zstLSsmx n.*.»	.
intensified the distrust and dislike with %tart and a hundred persona were either Wednesday of Rev. Ihoa Argue, for many which, aa a German, she haa always been suffocated or burned to death,while many years prominent in Methodist circles regarded. Her children, who are ex others were injured.	Be was M> yt»’S of age.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Deeds,
Socnty
Commissioner and Conveyancer
etc., executed legally aud balls
Rifles.
Mortgages, factorlly.
shawville
QUE.
TRIAL WONT TAKE PLACE TILL .Vit. LEONARD
ARRl'/ES,
We have bought a Bankrupt stock of Rifles as
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS,
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Dr. A.E. Barlow, of the 0»rV>gical
follows
are not learned yet nx or eigl.t cars were wrecked
C. P. R. Road master Lacroix of Thorn- ' *
Price, $8 00 Price, 8") 00 Price, $8 00
SPENCER REPEATER. 7 Shot, 66 Cal., Rim Fire SHARPS SINGLE SHOT, 50 Cal., Rim Fire.. SHARP’S CENTRE FIRE, 50 Cal.......
o
McBOUŒALL 5c CTJSNER,
Hardware Merchants, - -
Sussex St. Ottawa.
Desirable Farm Property „
For Sale.
I
5
M W
o
I
)
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
PRACTICAL
AND
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION IfcYS.
Summer Time Card.
r vJ|

O. Ne AND W. RAILWAY.
I
+ Train No. 101 leaver Ottawa 5.05 P.M. + Train No. 102 arrives “¦¦¦¦¦¦
o Train No. 103 leave* “
o Train No. 104 arrives “
§ Train No. 105 leaves “
§ Train No. 100 arrive* *'
4- Train No. 107 leaves “
4- Train No. 108 arrives 11
8.25 A M.

Ac. Ac

7.30	A M.
6.00	P.M.
1.30	A M
8.00	P.M. ».30 A M. 6.45 P.M.

\
RerAIBfHO—
ASvsciALinr
'

The
OU À WVÎÏIP fl Mr Geo. C. Moffat, of Beattock, Soot Ulln W r lLLlii g» | land, who spent three months in the
wheat be t and in British Columbia, ud who u one of a party of American and European tourists just returned from the Rock if s, speak most enthusiastically
I \ Meet* the 4t1i Wed nee of he Canadian granary Such a wealth I day of every month, of all kinds of cereals he had never ima-i /Court dues must be paid gined tD be possible with an email an ex J promptly every month, penditure of labor, while the average to Visiting brethren cor- fche acre was phenominal. He expeata to Ulaliy invited. return early next year with a large pirty H. fl. Barnett,F.B 0f Scotch farmers, tome of whim will ins, O. R.
in his
For terms and particulars apply to
J. H. CHAPMAN,
Bryson, Que
Court Shawville, I ?
No 816.
LO.F
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
+ Train No. 168 leaves Ottawa 5.15 P.M. + Train No. 110 arrives “
#	Train No. Ill leaves “
#	Train No. 112 arrive» “
+ Daily except Sunday, o Daily except Saturday and Sunday.
§ Saturday only.
-4- 4- Sunday only.
# Monday*, Wednesday* & Fridays only.
s
i
that

8.25 A.M. 6.46 A.M. «.35 P.M.
LB.C
J. A. Cowan, R 8.
R. W. Ho
come to settle and oi ht ri to investigate - I for themselves
samples of stocks of this year's wheat which will surprise the o'd country faim, both as regards the head and the straw, The yield of oats this year he said was the largest ever harvested, not only in bulk but also in average per acre. He saw many Scotch farmers who had out two or three years ago
A Fashionable Hair Cut, I would after this year's harvest be in com-Good Shampoo, oh	paraître affluence, many of whom inten led
A Clean Shave.	] paying thek relatives in Scit’and a v sit
•if
He carries with him
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
‘NV1
For tickets or further information apply to station agditorUKO. DUNCAN,
Diet. Pass. Agent,
42 Spark* St.,
Ottawa, Ont,
H.B. SPENCER,
Cen. Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. R.)
OTTAWA, Oat,
The spot for—
year.
ST Your Turn next.

###PAGE###6###






INDIA» ARM!
BRITAIN'S

It Wftâ the
search of explanation, testimony deeper than is common with men, and afforded startling demonstration of the tension of their
*««<«««<««««««««
libre Is the manner In which the retired statesman spends a typical day:	He arises early, shortly bo- *
fore 7 o'clock. After a light break- I I	I ¦‘1 AW
ss, rc *	i .r ....
About 8.80 he mounts hie tricycle î	a « « v	X wt face at. the notiro board. •
rS of War !
i:"	fEilH
svims' tirirsw JLSrr.&M %%.%	«°:	.. *«-	r»T,r.:;.
fnr , ^Ubiff ln thla%t ramre nodi- physical research, especially elcctrl- tactical blunders of generals. Their h1» throat, rearranged his monoc e. o(	organized transport have
r vu ihniu 1,	. ¦ Umr	h . Cftl Judies. After 4 o'clock Lord most intimate conversation was but The woman stood patiently wait- €ome lnU) uxiHtenco. Regiment has
W=S= MS=l£rZSE,ïHr,™ * îrsiï?! SSKsrëS'-
toss
™. cpe to Cairo rails oar. ffij-	..	rsa
«¦.	Th,.„,h «. ». SïïïïX	s -is ffWR*' s
MMIHk._____JWWffcppW
The military man sought in his
for his handkerchief,
while, as


$
| Lord Salisbury in Retirement
X England's Latest Grand Old Man Will Spend the Rest of ?
His Days in Studying Electricity and Chemistry. £
Lord Salisbury will spe of his days at Ilatflold 1 home of the great Cecil family, Hatfield House, the noblest country seat in England, is but half an hour'» journey from London, in a northerly direction. The grout wrought-irvn gateways of the Salisbury estate face the railway station. Hatfield House itself is but live minutes’ walk from the railway platform.
Lord Salisbury has long been desirous of leading a life o! retirement. I Tight years ago he became ¦o absorbed in him private chemical experiments and the study of electricity at liatlield House that ho refused to go to London, except on tho most urgent parliamentary business.
Since the death of his wife, throe years ago, Lord Salisbury has become more self-centred that ever.
He lms dropped from his visiting list many of his most intimate friends, and Ilatflold House has become a solemn cloister.
Lord Salisbury’s study on the second floor of the great, rambling house has been turned Into a chemical laboratory. Here the ox-Prime Minister spends many hours each day, going over chemical reactions, and working with test-tube and retort. Glassware of every description litters up tho room, and ho is never more at peace with himself and the rest of the world than when working out a chemical problem.
The only real recreation now taken by lx>rd Salisbury is an early
THE rOBCE HAS MADE HE-MARKABLE PROGRESS.
X
I
She
i
Quarter of a Million Men Kept Up Without Cost to the Empire.
cum-
to awake, and.
There I» a flutter In military headquarters at Simla. India, over the approaching arrival of Lord Kitch-
aMumo command of the For many years been growing in ¦. Factory af-
nmn
of
has on
which stand for Anne,
Queen was Anno Boleyn, one of Henry VIII.’s unfortunate wives.
THE SPLENDID AUMOUY.

forces.	-
INDIA'S SPLENDID CONTRIBUTION.
Zambesi.
% m
It is in tho little things one feele According to the last annual re-	tho awful ness of war, the sacrilege
port of the Directors of the British	of battle. One is startled by tho	sleeve cuff
This is on the ground	|gouth African Company, trains will	humanity of soldiers, by their talk	speaking angrily	the
entered from the	southern	Roon be runring between Capetown	of home, of their loves and affec-	though someone had insultoe mm.
A great hall 30 feet	wide by	and Buiuwayo (1,600 miles), and it	lions. Oue docs not associate tho	'Gad. gentleman, Its like wn
some 200 feet long extends	the	appears that Cecil Rhodes's mugnifl-	soldier with the husband ard father,	tencing a man to t e mirigen to	»
tire lcngtli of the southern exposure. mit	jdea Qf a railway from one end	with the lover	hungering for his mis-	*Wfr	a	woman»	question	% e	f .
Here one may see many coats of 0j	African continent to the oth-	tress over seas. And yet these arojGod	lielP tho women and chi < re,|
mail and the famous colors of great er ig	gradually realised. In , the things which impress one whoa And he, too, strode out into t
knights.	lilioilosiu, railway building Is pro- the burial parties .ire ordered out. darhne.ss.	... nl.,,lr0
The hall is walled in by	a trellis	grossing rapidly, although the Doer	Everywhere there is a terrible in-	Bo Y°u wonder that tl I
work of small windows, which ex-	war interfered ‘with the transporta- [ sistence upon the Man within tho	remains in my memo, v vtvuia.	i
tends from the ground to the sec- tion	Gj construction and equipment ' uniform. The	dead hands clutch up-	greatest	battle J	huu$ yv«r	M , m
ond storey, making a great sun material from the south. Mean-	on tender love	messages, upon bat-
parlor" for the children to pley in.	whllee the Beira-Salisbury line has	tered trinkets, upon the labored	YOUTH AND	CBABBKD OLD AGE
On a	balcony over the musician's	been oxtended southward and n	scrawls of infants sending their love
stand,	In the great banqueting hall,	junction formed with the main line	to daddy at the war.
one may see the colors which Nix- nuiUWnyo. It was originally In- These things are not told In the
SHS5T«5 EH™™
i at c q vo n.	stopped at Hatfield House 1 here are	^ard)a Gorge. Later explorations,	women at home, in the feverish haste
1IE IS VERY EXCLUSIVE.	many rooms in the famous dwelling	an(|	particularly the discovery	of	with which they seen the lists of
üü ifiüiisj warns
sr t‘„“V c F- F":-6 F;t z	- sms:	¦srsa,art
much alone or with strangers.	For	German Emperor have h*cn	step	toward the realization of	tao	oioncoe and Elandsiaagto, when a
some years it has been noted	that	gu«t« of the House of Cecil, though	^	woman's quick sob at my elbow pul-
****
dulgwi In ns to the manner	in which	Hutfleld House Is not	very strilt-	... continue due north of	the bright	lamps at tho western en-
he would spend his time. Some	hig from the exterior.	It stands	i-'niic to tho Congo border,	trance to	tho War Office. Passing
suggested that, os he had	been in-	on tho crest of a high hill, and looks	1( ° . ce vja Katanga to Lake	quickly up	the steps, she paused for
tereeted in literature as	a young	a great deal like a large	factory. It	‘\lu . whirh «¦ the most south-	a moment	irresolute in tho hall,
man, he would doubtless devote him- is built of red brick, and its arclii-	.	.. int Qn the Lualaba with wide-opened, dumb, imploring
self to writing and political ppecu- tectural design is not Imposing. , y , principle reaches of the eyes seeking for comfort, yet expectation Nothing could be farther Great flower beds and terraces sur- <ol‘c	Anoroximately, the dis- ing none.
from his purposes.	round tho house on all sides, and "“ti<J' .	. covered are:	Bulu-! A blue-coated attendant stepped
It will be remembered that when were it not for the skill of tho land- an	Victoria Falls, 300 miles; out from the orderly room on
Lord Salisbury began his career he	scape gardener. Its appearance would	*nyo	paiis to Ivake Kasai I, 700	right. With the merest flicker of a
had to make his own living by the	be more or less depressing. It is	Vlf 0	-, at an lav Falla, on the	wan smile she moved toward him.
pen in London. The struggle was	only when, one enters the building	" railway will be	"Please, Mr, avo ye 'card nothin
a very hard one. Being a younger	that the great antiquity and wealth	upy®	Mabaci	on Albert Nyania	more about my husband0''
son, his father had left all the im-	of historic interest	simply over-	"	. thuH	supplying the miîy	"Your husband? What was his
mense possessions of the house of	whelm the beholder.	V	.. . hêtween	the Cope and tho	name and regiment?"
Cecil, together with the title, to the	The walls are hung	with magnifi-	”nR	Î.	rnilwav	nets. Such is the	"My husband Bill
present marquis’ eldest brother. It cent tapestries and paintings by Sir 1 K>Ti	concession which Mr. catch the Anal name, "of the Man-
was only through the death of this	Joshua Reynolds, Vandyke, Zuc-	?5°£ert°Wi,,i.una obtained lost month	chosters, ns the papers says
brother that the late Prime Minis-	chero and other famous artists One	KoDC	Kinc of the Belgians. This	killed in tho war."
1er came into this fortune.	remarkable picture is that of Queen	rrom	* * however, neccssari-	The man’s act was infinitely ten-
ONCE A LITERARY MAN.	pK woman"by^. arm^nd ,ed'w Into
Having had to make his living by eyes painted nil over it, showing th^°V* uhodcs and the German the room across the passage. I fol-writing. Lord Salisbury holds liter- that the wily Queen knew all that ne<1 m . (act it is quite lowed, and the room in its very in-aturc to be a most distasteful pur- was going on, and the sleeves have Govemmen .	^ railway be congruity chilled me. Tho pallid
suit. Outside of chemistry and the serpenta drawn on them. Another	i* J- *	of Daros-Sal- light of an incandescent burner ro-
study of physics, Lord Salisbury picture of Elizabeth represents her built ir i	f German East vealed a long board covered in green
cares little for mental work. Tho ftS Diana tho Huntress. A white rat tujm. ,	1 through subsidy baize, with the fateful sheets of
burdens of state have weighed heav- j, painted crawling up the arm — a Africa m	Reichstag or by pri- foolscap pinned irregularly upon it.
Uy upon him, and he assumed them rather queer idea for a classic paint- granted ny	«tate guaranty), 1 In the half-light tho embers of a dy-
only at the earnest solicitation of |ng	vntc capi tv	Cape to Cairo Ing Are gleamed balefully. On a ta-
the late Queen Victoria.	Hatfield abounds in rare manu- that the % wllï ^ realized, bio in the centre tho ordinary litter
No one can blame Lord Salisbury scripts and curios of every descrip- scheme via a	. ^ ^ world of the office interfered with the
for wishing to retire from public tjon. a long poem In Walter Ra- Both lines mny . *• full-fledged re- awed solemnity of the moment, life to such a place as Hatfield. The iMgh'm own hand-writing is shown in before mury y ‘ Qf Africa more As wc entered, treading softly as
tloned as containing enough land for 0Ee Qf her courtiers.	_______________________+	- made for the palpitating woman in to distinguish it from others in the
40 hides, meaning from 3,000 to 5,- The present Lord Salisbury has	their midst. They were all men; daytime, and a very ingenious de-
000 acres, and "pennage for 2,000 done much to improve Hatfield	NOT CATS AND DOGS.	^lld gaVe for the grfvy color in a vice makes it safe to use in the
bogs." So, even at this early date, House. Many of the great, rumb-	„ VQU bcen to see the eoldlerlv man’s face es he broke ! dark. The cork is arranged with a
was a very considerable dng rooms have been strictly mod- She— i y	away from the crowd half crossed piece ireide attached to 1t that will
erntzed Lord Salisbury was one of	f intended going last ! the room, and then returned to peer : not come out, thus tel ling instantly
^	à‘..~ — " ” gSTuZUS been'' ÎT-? »“ S* Æ, Z'ee n". Zi
years ago he installed his own elec- the animaur	U)at? Dld one ot nlng the list pr|cc# ic their club for there would be small possibility of
trie light system, planning out the sh,^ „„ hrpftu loose?"	all the sign they gave of emotion. getting Uie wrong bottle In the
connections and llUing them up him- the hone b nothing a0 exciting. Suddenly the coals settled In the dark
ed, Lord Salisbury personally put- deer.	into his neighbor’s startled face in
ting in the Installation.	night.
On* room fitted up by him at great expense is very striking It is on the second floor just above the
The ceiling of this room
One of the most Interesting features of Hatfield House is Its splendid armory floor, side.
India had no difficulty In pouring 10,000 British troops into Natal at the beginning of the South African and In supplementing them af-so that, in all, she sent
war.
wards ÆÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊÊIÊÊIÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
22.000 men, including followers, to
take part in tho struggle with the Dorrs. She also furnished 87,600 native troops and followers and 1,300 British officers nnd men for the China expedition, besides five native regiments for colonial garrison duly. Her total contribution for tho rer-vicee of the Empire, while the South
thus

A
Africa^ war wtis in progress amounted to 04,000 men. sent to South Africa and China 20.000 horse* and baggage animals, 21 Our respect for age dwells in us inlmon rounds of ammunition, 114.-side by side with enthusiasm for qqq projectiles and shells, 200,000 youth. Nothing gives one more of a palre of bootS| 315,000 helmets, glow than when a young man de- 940,000 greatcoats and other gar-eervedly beats a man of an older menls 100,000 blankets, 42,000 generation. It Is that glow which tonfl ^ fodder and rations, 11,000 made a familiar quotation of Unts QIld n,00O sets of saddlery-
™£,Sr°Z2%' &B&T-S2 "™VE «gg» ™ST ”
atrocious crime of being a young ^	mek„ a re9pcclttblo to-
uing in a case before him. The troops against the Boers. How no-unusually stern, and fin- tive troops would have acquitted ally roused the young barrister by themselves had they been given the accusing him of intending to bring | opportunity is su/iU*icntly shown by the King’s • commission into con- what they accomplished in vhina,
where regiments largely from Bom-
"No, my lord,” said Ho are; "1 bay and Madras, and by no have read In a book that when a the pick of the Indian army, were peasant, during tho troubles of the first inside the Legation walls Charles I., found the crown in a at the relief of l'ekin. bush, he showed it all reverence. In INDIA AS AN ARSENAL, like manner I shall respect the Tho manufacture of Loo-Mctford King’s commission, though I find it rifle8 ûnd cordito will shortly com-
on a bramble.”	menee In India. Large gun-carriage
Iloblnaon was ropoitcd to have	Hourly coiupl©t6. i
risen to his rank by the publication and smftii-arm ammunition are of some slavish and scurrilous pom- roady ^eing turned out in enormous phlets. Once in the days when Cur- quanttuee. The making of artillery ran was poor and unknown, strug- hag Qn,y to ^ dccidod upon by tho gling against groat adversity, he GoVcrnmont of India, and sanctioned appeared before Robinson. The . thc S(.crctary of State, and it judge tried to extinguish him. When could bo rapidly undertaken, excel-Curran declared that he had con- lçnt ore suitable coal and extruor-sultèd all his law-books, and could dimiry ci,çap labor being available not find a case that did not support Ad this is being accomplished his position, Robinson answered :	without contribution from tho Dri-
I suspect your law library is Ush taxpayer. Indian revenues pay
rather contracted.	for even thing connected with
This brutal and uni'oeesrary ro- jndiftn REmy, including not only the mark stung Curran's pride and rous- and upkcep, but even the cost
ed him at once.	Qf recruiting the British regiments
"It is true, my lord, he said. en).,|nyed The re-armament of tho after a moments contemptuous si I-	{i forC6 w|th modem rifles, now
"that I am poor, and the clr-
8he also
Cases Where Young Men Outwitted the Older Ones
has
argu
judg
e was
means
1

of
Shells
al-
the
« f

the
,” I could not
has been carried
ence,
cumstance has curtailed my library. My books are not numerous, but they are select, and I hope I have i perused them well. I have prepared myself for this high profession rather by the study of a few good books than by the composition of a great many bad ones."
ncurly completed, through without either borrowing or skimping on the part of the Indian
treasury.
EQUIPMENT UP TO DATE.
Everything is well up to date. It was India which set an example to tho world in clothing its forces in khaki. It is India which is to-day founding mounted infer.try schools and devising modern manoeuvres, in which 40,000 troops will be engaged next December about Delhi practising the lessons of South Africa.
It is at this point that Lord Kitch-takes over tho Commander-in-
It is

SAFETY POISON BOTTLE
The latest thing in life preset va-tion is a new kind of poison bol tie. There is a scarcely a house or home that does not have some sort of poison constantly kept on hand for various purposes, and everybody knows the liability of getting hold of the wrong bottle. The new poison bottle is colored, usually blue.
f -,
oner
Chiofship of tho Indian army safe to prophecy that in his able hands this fine fighting force will instill further in efficiency and strength, and in its ability to supply itself, without calling upon any other country, with warlike stores, including arms and ammunition.
WILL WELCOME KITCHENER.
A quarter of a million fighting
kept up continually for the de-
with-
c roots
the estate
one
King Henry VIII. coveted Hatfield House, which was really a palatial residence, and when Thomas Goodrich became Bishop of Ely, Henry, in characteristic fashion, Insisted on tho bishop exchanging Hatfield for tracts of land in the North of Thus did Hatfield become Here Princess Eliza-
fence of the British Empire, out costing the mother country e penny, claim the very highest mill-
WIFE	THmEV:	, duce to"ZA tt’lhcm. K
Mr. Frederick sixt. a resident of ^ding of Lord Kitchener for
New Jersey, lately advertised for a purp080 t9 a recognition of the jus-
pretty and well brought-up wife. Uce of thls ciainif ^d is welcomed
Among the numerous replies was one in Calcutta and in Simla, round
in a very familiar hand. It camo S|kh camp-fires and in Gurkha out-
(he had. of course, not ailverUsed po8tSf ÛM ftn indication that the ef-
under his own name) from his for- fortl which India ha8 made are ap-
wifo. During tho period that prec,ated# alld that -Indian subjects
they had be*n separated Mr. Sixt of the Empire will not again be de-
had married a rich woman who had nied ug th wcre denie<i in , S<yith
left him a fortune, and time had Africa, the privilege of taking equal iM rhaps aided prosperity In soften- Hhftre wjth tho hoine army wherever
ing his disposition At any rate, he ' thefe lfl hard fighting to be done.
found himself yearning for number	---------—
and she is now Mrs. Sixt num-
In an instant
some England, crown lend beth was educated, studying under
Roger Ascham Hatfield in close scchisior. until the
death of her sister, Mary.
the
Elizabeth lived at
&
armory
has been entirely overlaid with pure gold leaf, the leaf alone costing Elizabeth was standing under the gg oOO. The electric lights of this old oak tree to-day shown near Hat- roam &re Imbedded in the celling and field House when the announcement wan«, When the lights are turned
to her that she was
The tree is
THE FAMOUS OAK TREE
mcr

r
• •
i

»
beautiful greenish yellow light the room and gives a unique
was mode Queen of England much venerated in- England and is called "Elizabeth's oak.” At Hat-
SeSSKE S-S
mmrnwmi
¦¦
The pal see formerly oc- tude.
on a fills

f âf
i

i
HOW THE STATESMAN LIVES
g
one, her three
EFFECT OF COLORS

Matrons of infant asylum» S;)V that a young infant will be cross all day if dressed in a grey frock, but contented and happy if dressed in >i bright rod one. Children from two to four are much less affected by the color of their dress It is commonly observed in kindergartens that the younger children prefer the red plaything», while the older one» like the
BIBLE PUBLICATION IN JAPAN.
Thirty years ago the Scriptures were printed secretly in Japan, and copies were sent out only after dark. Those who printed them did so at the risk of their lives. Now there is a publishing company in Yoko-which prints the Bible not Japanese, but in Chinese, and Corean. Last year were circulated in

hama
only in Tibetan, 188,000 copies Japan eJon*.
blue
"Will you keep an eye on mv horse, my son, while I step in and
RECORD IN PUBLIC-HOUSES.	ff-U %/drln/
Eleven public-houses in a village	out, and finds his horse missing,
which only contains thirteen dwol-	"Where is my horse, boy?” He e
'If you wish	to take a hath," ob#*r	ed tz	i hotel	clerk to	Uncle Hi, I	lings Is a record which will be hard	run'd away, ' sir." "Didn't I tell
who was on his first visit to the seaside,	"you	may	procure	a bathing I	to beat. Such a village *» to be	you to take care of him, you young
suit at the bath	office "	I	found in County Derry. Ireland, the	scamp?" "No, sir; you told ne to
"Thank ye,"	said Uncle Hi, "but I guess I	don't need one.	I washed |	only premises not licensed being the	keep my eye on him, and ! did ti l
police barracks and a creamery. |
re®

im~

UNNECESSARY.



a
be got clean out of eight/'
L
buut ever
/.-V



Y-2n
x

###PAGE###7###


now Lunat
Perpetual Motion.
When George Stephenson was asked, " Do you believe In perpetual motion Î” he replied, " Yes, It you lift yourself by the waist-band of the trousers, and carry yourself three times round the room.”
Just so, and a woman would Just as soon believe that she has not to pay dearly for commas premium soaps. In the low cfualtty of soap, In ruined hands and clothes. She would be kept in perpetual motion trying to do with common soap what she could so easily do with Sunlight Soap—Octagon Bar.
WHY WOOL IS SO OHEAP
Situ, ZJuv C?
GaJü-71/ 'fèAucÀ/, /ÎIÙUÀ/ Û/ttA/
£+wns. jU& a^rrce^6 tLuA/
-M&m/ G/nÀs -ùa/di/ Î4 Atdfi*
î/ô AôfuL'.
"There are not a few people ‘tho take a pitiable and morbid delight In believing that they are useal led by an incurable disease which must shortly close their careers," observed the doctor.
1 am sure there is something the matter with my lungs. Please tell me the truth," said a very anxious old lady to her physician the other
day
BY ALFRED MANSELL, OF SHREWSBURY, ENG.
Objections to Legislation for Protection to Wool Growers,
$i
Ceylon Tee Is the finest Tee the world produoee, end I» eold only In leed packet#.
Black, Mixed and Green.
tes drinkers try ^Salads* Green tes.
The objections to tho proposed Government Bill arc rather strongly
pe| by the|flBHBMj|jM|H
Its sympathies mainly with tho manufacturers. They «tale that if the bill becomes law no fabric containing the slightest proportion of ¦¦^¦ÉMejùggllntt) United
there is no method man of determining how tho wool in n fabric lias and how much has not been subjected to a manufacturing pro-before It reached tho mill where
cloth.
The latter made n careful examination, and replied:
"1 And that your lungs are In a normal condition."
The patient, with a deep sigh of resignation, asked:
"And about how long can I expect to live with them in that state?"
Textile World, a paper it# name, which ha#
216
span
manufacturer of good# containing UO per cent, of shoddy would tag them &# all wool. This difficulty may ariee, but I am under the impression that to work up 90 per cent. of shoddy a considerable amount of cotton must be used, and tho dishonest manufacturer would probably find himself	'
MULCTED IN A HEAVY FINE.
wool will come States, for known to much of been
HOW TO CLIMB STAIBS.
y

V
Go Slowly, Tread on Ball of Foot
Don’t Lean Forward.
1 POSITIVE HAN,
and
WHOLESALE
of
Thome stairs will be the death me yet I You have heard the pression of such sentiment, if, indeed have not felt the probability of the same unvoiced prophecy, says a writer in Medical Talk.
Girls complain to mo of backache,
downstairs so much
which
flDtiSTRlir staple Clothing
I^ENDUWwWBY-RIGHT^y
SUAUTV	Ann your Hosier for these goods»
BEST EVER.
ex-
W-D
COBS
it was last This, I am The Bradford caii
made of by actual percentages.
It is stated that the Custom House I officials can distinguish cotton, lin- ! of foreign, en, silk, and certain other fibres from wool and woollen shoddy; but they will be forced either to refuse admission to tho goods or accept the statement of the importer as to how much wool shoddy there is in the cloth.
converted into informalincorrect. Conditioning House what any fabric is
HE SEEMS ABLE TO PROVE THE TRUTH OF WHAT HE
SAYS.
you
As before stated, undoubtedly some shoddy is far better, and would make a better cloth than some sorts
low-grade Kempy wool, but these alone, and not adulterated, would not make a cloth to deceive anyone, and therefore would not compete with any except the adulterated goods.
That there are many difficulties in tho way of getting practical legislation on the subject cannot be de-
thc	( » t. «IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Ing honesty amongst manufacturers ht.r back when she goes up and protecting tho people from im- U8jUg u heavy, Hat-footed trump, position demand» the serious niton-	uncomfortable, the heavy
tion of the Legislature of all civil- 8tt,p jttrs her spine and head, and to I zed countries, because, as a matter mak0 the ordeal as short as possible of fact, it really concerns tho Hhe hurries, and possibly runs. Naim as*cs of the people more than the turally the body romonstrates at sheep men who arc directly interest- 8UCh unjust treatment, ed, because under present conditions % have watched carefully the man-all the poorer classes are entirely no, which most people adopt clad in the adulterated goods.	think you will agree that this ia a
There can be no question that the very common spectacle. One woman majority of men and women who go j frequently 1 see ascending stairs into a shop to purchase woollen h*im; so far over that when goods have no knowledge of the ex- turns the spiral she invariably puts tensive fraud daily perpetrated in her hands on the upper stair», selling them goods largely composed Try another way if you want to of substitutes for wool, and that 90 fcej a|| (he exhilaration and buoy-
thc buyer» have	of
that when asking for woollen goods (he weight they arc too often purchasing an I foot, with
article from which raw wool is con- point forward. To strike only spicuous by its absence.	ball of the foot on the stair gives
This presses heavily on the labor- buoyancy of step to most people, ing and artisan classes, who practi- - although some claim they can place cally never get anything except so- the whole foot lightly on the stairs called cheap goods, but which would to good advantage, be more truthfully designated if call- ffe #.uro and take your time. Hoed low-priced goods. It is contend- member you are lifting the weight ed that even if the price were some- Gf the body many times, and it is what enhanced, the genuine woollen no light exercise, garment would give a greater com- The work the back has to do ought fort and health, wear much longer, to be no greater going upstairs corand in the end prove much more eco- rectly than when on a level uoraic&l than adulterated goods. legs are the members of your bodily In conclusion I beg to express my community which ought to perform of obligation to the numerous that service for you.
England. the
STUNITN
and quickly say, to go up and gL this year." „ The flights to they refer are In a town hall ; the steps are high and the flights long—yet some can climb them several times a day and not have a Housey's Rapid», Ont., Sept. 112.— grumbling buck or any other uncom-	^Special)—Mr. George	C. Chalker, a
fort able result. The	secret lie»	i«	well known * resident	of this place,
the way they do U.	ha» authorized the publication of u
A girl is putting a	severe strain	on	^ter containing some	xery startling
• stairs
4 4
Mr. Chalker Makes Some Very Strong Statements — Explains That He is Prepared to Prove
Every Assertion
WYLD-DARLINO
the Truth of He Makes.

are
OOMPAMV, UMITI», WDMT»,
limited,
¦I TORONTO,
can handle your APPUI, PEACHIS, M AM PLUMS, ONIONS. POUITSY (dead or alive) BUTTER, IOCS, HONEY, to good advantage. Let ue have your consignment», It will pay you. Stamp# and pad» on
The Dawson Commission Co
THE NEXT OBJECTION
bn» reference to tho enactment that all goods manufactured prior to tho passage of the Act, and which had pawned out of the hands of the manufacturer and the ingrédients of which are not known, shall bo labelled “Manufactured prior to the Pure Fibre Act; composition not known ' The article in question contends that the manufactured goods thus placed under a ban would approach in value $850,000,000, and by labelling them they would bo cast under suspicion regardless of merit. This,
extent coming or so
statements.
Those who know Mr. Chalker will not usk any proof of the truth ol any statement he makes, but to convince those who do not know him, he has announced that he is pro-fared to substantiate in every tail, the truth of hia published statement, which is as follow»
"It is with pleasure that I certify to the merits of Dodd s Kidney Pills.
"I was laid up with Kidney Trouble and was so bud that I could not do a day's work. My back was very sore. I had heavy aching arms, dull bloated eyes. 1 was xery weak and much reduced in weight.
After I had used six boxes ol Dodd's Kidney Pills 1 was ten pounds heavier. 1 often wonder about the powerful virtue of this medicine. 1 do not know anythin# about what Dodd's Kidney Pills are said to cure but I know a great deal about what they will actually do for Lame Back and Kidney Trouble, and I can proxe it.
"They are worth their weight in gold to any one suffering as I succeed. The six boxes of Dodd's Kidney Pills cured me completely and there has been no return of my old trouble. That is over three years ago, ami I still enjoy good health."
This, is,' Indeed, a very strong testimonial for Dodd's Kidney Tills and one which will have very great weight with all who have the pleasure of Mr. Chalker’s acquaintance or friendship.
Dodd’s Kidney Pill» have made many friends and arc to-day, without doubt, the most popular family medicine.
Don’t
OUR
!
BRANDS.
d*
Experiment
%
King Edward
with
*¦
and
ËMŸ
other and
Inferior
brand*
“ Headlight "
she
it, could
1 take ized
by postponing tho bill into operation until a year had elapsed from its becoming law When margarine was sold as ter a great hue and cry was raised, and rightly so, because the fat of an ox was being sold as the product of the cow. and now, forsooth, because a simple microscopic examination (as is the case with margarine) will not disclose the fraud, wc arc told in this article that no attempt must be made to protect the public and ensure their being able to purchase a pure woollen garment tics were made to be overcome, and
not be content to sit take it as an accepted is no solution of
“ Eagle "
1 *9,	2 00»
« Victoria M
great
USE
to
C ,0.
EDDY’S
4 4
excellent exercise. Keep well over the advanced the chest the furthereat
mi
but-
11 little Comet"
CANADA
HULL,
the
WABASH RAILROAD
During the month» of September and October, will sell one way second class tourist tickets at greatly
to California, Wash Utah, Montana,
mi
s
reduced rates
ington, Oregon,
British Columbia and other Pacific Coast points. Tickets will be sold via all direct routes. The Wabash is the shortest, best and quickest route from Canada to the points. Finest equipped j nssenger
trains in America.
Kates, time-tables and all particulars from any ticket agent, or J. A Richardson,
Agent, N. K Sts.. Toronto, and St. 'Ihomas, Ont

Difficul-


4»
xvc should down and fact that there this problem.
Another difficulty that tho writers see is that honest manufacturers of goods containing 00 per cent, of wool would tag them as mixed or shoddy goods, whilst the dishonest

The
above

I
sense
correspondents in United States, and Canada for much valuable information supplied to me.
I have known medical authorities to recommend walking up stairs correctly as good exercise for reducing prominent abdomen and relieving indigestion.
Therefore, the commonly conceived bugbear of some housekeepers may become a boon. They ought to reach the top of the stairs exhilurat-f eel ing the glow of healthful
Dist. Passenger Corner King & Yungs


NEURALGIC PAINS
“WASHING COAL.”
What is a synonym?" asked the “Please, sir," said a lad,
t 4
LIBBY Luncheons
teacher _
“It’s a word you can use in place
of another if you don’t know how to spell the other one "
A Useful and Helpful Process With
Fuel.
ed,
ARE A CRY OF THE NERVES FOR BETTER BLOOD.
exercise

NO."
4 4
The purpose of washing coal is to
zzùvïuTZ	»'	™ ".onu''s
r. ii M.v* pacitv or has a detrimental efifect The mechanics of civilization ait graved the monosyllable “No.” He Gentlemen,—In June 98 I had my ±*1113 make 'upyn the metal produced with such	at present so firmly based on	coal	who eftrly ]Canie the use of that in-	hand and wrist bitten and badly
coal, or with coke made from such	that statistics of the production of	valuable word has already learned	mangled by a vicious horse. I suffered'	the precious black fuel always pos- wav to peace, and comfort, and ed greatly for several days and the
The impurities in coal are of two sess an absorbing interest. Accord- 8af0ty. An easy compliance frus- tooth cuts refused to heal, until kinds such as are chemically	pa»-ling to the latest official figures, the trates everything. Respect for others your agent gave me a bottle of|
sive but which do not produce heat, . United States and the British	bra-	need not degenerate into servitude ;	MINARD’S LINIMENT, which 1 be
but ' on the contrary, absorb heat	pire are running a close race in	coal -	but respect for oneself-that is the	gan using, and the effect vr a» ma gland' clog the openings in the grates	production. During tho year	very alpha and omega of nil inward	cal. In five hours the pain had
by forming ashes and clinkers; they the former producod 244.901 8.t'J commond.	ceased, and in two weeks the wounds
- : EZm Hri	&-rj - -
8o.«I by dniggbti in every pert of the wor d rweoty-heecentse boule. Ile velue I# ^calculable Be «ureaode.k for Mrs. Winslow ¦ Soothing flyrup end lake no other kind
sse-ssm
Stic** 4m. A rtf Belt.
ÜLuZZ? fôSo£AJWSÏ!«
Dr. Williams’ Pink Rich, Red Blood and Drive
These Pains From the System-Read the Proof.
lis»7, McNêllI tf Ub$y. Cbicsgo
-How TO Maks Sees feme# to Eat-U wet free if you uk M
will
A high medical authority has defined neuralgia as “a cry of tho nerves for better blood/’ and to effectually drive it from the system tho blood must be made rich, red and pure. For this purpose there is no other medicine so prompt and sure in result as Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills. These pills make new, rich, red blood with every dose, and impart new life and new vigor to the person using them Dermott. Bond Head, Ont., offers strong proof of the certain results obtained from the use of Dr.
Hams kind.
WALK Iff#
asp •
OR
and my
OUTINO
•uire
see
liiniH amh to an PV mo co.
MONTREAL TORONTO, OTTAWA è QUfBKM
io HUMiufi mvim.::;
BKSWiMSKS
Midi ¦•k.t4i4ifw«Pt«tr ¦•»*».
A. E. ROY.
Carriage maker, St. Antoine. F. Q
Six of the great glaciers of Greenland yearly deliver into the sea four square miles of ice 1.000 feet thick.

Mr. John Mc-
latter elements frequently some phosphorous, which
in the ashes. The sulphur
ST. JACOBS OIL
remains
wil- and phosphorous are both injurious Pink Pills in cases of this to tho quality of iron produced in a He says: “A few years ago j blast furnace, and for this reason it while working as a carpenter in Buf- j je very important that coal or coke falo I got wet. I did not think it for blast furnace use shall be worth while changing my clothes at free from those two elements
ru'4
|ertnel;i!ltweffcs,ieedb»l
U.S. Hay#, Mf*r:7ym:CamaA»D*# W,
XM.Ilyn. rillEBBBNmi, rabMi, It.
THE MANY ADVANTAGES
For Stiff and Swollen Necks.
Mr. Hooper, 57 Grosvenor street, Belfast, writes :-‘*Having from a cold got a very stiff and painful swollen neck, I tried all the usual
offered passengers bound for Buffalo and New York by the Grand Trunk's New York Express/’ leaving
The panorama of London painted in 1821) by Mr. Horner, covered over an acre of canvas.

$ *
fast
Toronto 0 15 p m. daily, arc seen at a glance when the splendid equip ment is considered. A full dining car service until Niagara Falls it reached, a cafe parlor car running-through to Buffalo, and one of Pullman'» finest sleeping cars from To
.	x	,	,	.. ronto to New York guarantees pu
A lady returning home from the tron„ coulfort nnd luxury as well a:
seaside unexpectedly found her ser- ^ The cafe and dining cars an my vant using the drawing-room for the ^nowledged t0 N the hand.omest
------ . *M! 1 purpose of giving a select party to Jn ^merjCa being electric lighted ant
frequently very painful. fier friends. “Ann, I am surprised,	i ¦
the pleasure of finding she ejaculated. "So am I, ma am. also disappear, 1 must replied the unabashed girl;
St. Jacobs Oil of thought you wouldn't be home for
a fortnight."
as
as
DY USING—
the time, but I soon began to suf- possible. The phosphorous occurs in ¦	„ without effect. 1 was
fer for my neglect. 1 awoke next the ash producing matter and re-	ivi it up, when a bool
morning with cramps and pains mains there, unless it is given an »	* on mv counter desci
throughout my body. I was unable opportunity to chemically combine P .	, oil.* I procured a L
to go to work and called in a doc- with iron, lime or other matter for ‘H *hnfi ^.arcoiv rubbed it on tor, who left me some medicine. I which it has an affinity. used it faithfully for some time, but The value of furnace coke is based,
it did not help me. In fact I was apart from general commercial tea-	down' Finding It so
growing steadily worse and had be- sons, upon its degree of purity from *	, thcn tr|ed it on
come so reduced in flesh that 1 ashes, sulphur and phosphorous.	wh/ch \ had sprained,
weighed only 138 pounds. As I was The ashes entering a blast furnace J*	frequently verv pi
not able to work 1 returned to my with the coke, cannot be disposed of *	‘	nf fl
al-
Standard American Wick#
book was
Alen* lur i «ng i
and work» oT Ike 4 #:d
counter describing
AND-
LâiAllf Bromo Quinine Tablet. cure a cold in lay. No Cure, No Pay- Price 25 cent*.

Sarnia lamp Oil.
St. Jacobs Oil.; I procured a bottle and had scarcely rubbed it on neck when I felt better. In a time tho pain left me and the swellFinding It so good
my
Wbeleeale Om y.
tor, who left ipe some medicine used it faithfully for seme time, but
short
QSJEJENciwoil^
Dominion Line Steamehlptf
Cit3
electric fans.
equipped with I office, northwest coiner King and Yonge streets.
not able to work i returned to my with the ---------------------- -------- #	.	.
home at Bond Head. Here I placed as under ordinary conditions. as, 1 81)01 myself under the care of a local doc- for instance, when fuel Is burned that p ‘ tor who said the trouble was neu- upon grates, but it must be melted j sa> m. rnlgin, which had taken a thor-and thus	converted into slag.	-But	great \a
ough hold upon my entire system, the heat	in a blast furnace Is	¦
Misfortune seemed to follow me for sufficiently intense to melt the ashes, g	H
tho doctor's treatment did not help j except if	some other element is	add-	degrees below	zero	centigrade,
mo, and I think my neighbors at ed to the	charge which melts readily	atmosphere	would	become	liquid,
least did not think I was going to and has tho property of inducing the and form a sea of gas about** get better. I hud often heard and ashes to melt also Such elements feet deep lead of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills and are in metallurgy called dux; one in this emergency I determined to 0f the most efficient and cheapest is try them. 1 had not	used more	lime-stone, and	this Is u>ed for	couth an three boxes before	I felt that	verting not only ashes, but	o
the pills were helping me. From nun-metallic matter contained in the that on I gained day by	day, and	iron ore into	a liquid slag,
after 1 had u*hI some ten or twelve	apart from the	quantity of flux
boxes, I had fully recovered my old- quired to liquify the earthy ingre-tinic strength, and hava since been (Rents of ore, it takes two pounds of le *to work at my trade ns car- limestone for pentcr without any trouble. I have brought into the furnace no pains or aches, and I now weigh cord 156 pounds. I think Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills an invaluable medicine and shall always have a good word to say for them."
When the nerves when tho blood
I Pertlead to Llrrrpeol Vis Qtmee-

14
ba W =»**##« a*4 all partieulari, apply U any a**# of &b,» Company, or
Rletards. Mills ft Go.
7T stats 8l Be,
Ja-
Therc arc 870 newspapers in
Thirty years ago there were only three or four.
not
pan
TO (TRK A I OI.D It OX* BAT.
Tsk Laxative Bromo Quinine TahlsU. All dru« tins* refuel the money if il fails te ours. E. W ?. re*, '(«feature !• on each hot 'Sj
Germany produced 2f million tons of beet sugar last year out of the 6f millions grown in the whole
world.
220
If this globe were cooled to
D. Torrance ft Ca.
Montreal and Pertiae*
the
Keep Mlid's Liniment in the House
35
Wood 5 Photo. Encravim^
L JONES ENG.C9^
~i6ô bay stpeer—ioronio
i
There are 2,200 whites in the Con-Free State, of whom 1.318 are There are only 115 Eng-
Ask for Mlnarifs and take no other.
go
Mioard's Liniment Lumberman’s Friend
Belgians
lish.
Canada permanent
V *«d WESTERN CANADA
Mortgage Corporation,
Lake Huron holds the record lakes of containing over 3,-
The area of Lake
But

Dorking fowls have five toes, and
W/tÊÊÊÊÊÊ have double Usually fowls have but four
among
ooo
Huron is 20,400 square miles largest island Is over 1.000 square ¦¦¦Lough Erne, in Ireland, has
re-
thc cock birds often combs
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
Its
every pound of ashes gg If, in ac~ with this, we consider the amount of ashes charged into a furnace consuming, say, BOO tons of coke per day, and which coke cony, 10 per ceM of ashes, then we find that the ashes charged amounts to thirty tons, and the
toes
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
milesi** 360 islands
nto
Bitkins—“What a sad face
Mrs Bilkins — thing! She has either and lost, or loved and got
Mr
I IN I
I OU" 1
that woman has! "
state or Ohio, City or Toledo. \ Lucas County.
K J. CHENEY lii&t he 1* nenior K J. CHKNfclY
f M
“Yes. poor loved
him
makes oath rtner of the firm of *¦#**	CO., doing business
in the City of Toledo. County and
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦StRtCaforeeaid.
When tho system Is out of order, 11 most one rommmod In melting the '.’Yrm'ioT w°h	Itïry^lîi^o^v/f
Williams’ Pink Pills is the me-	a .dies is	sixty	tons. Now, assuming	that cannot be	cured	by
dicine to take. They cure all trou-	that the	cost of this be $1 per	ton.	use	of HALL'S C	H	HtkVh'r
bleu arising from these causes, and comprising quarrying, loading, ship.	m ^ b.f0„ 55 .nd"wb.c "lwd In
make weak, despondent men and wo- ping, unlading and charging into	premenc#. this Oth day of December, ,,Did	nny sharks when you
¦bright, active and strong. Pro- the furnace, there la a daily ex pen- A U MW*	nlEAPON Cro^\ * the ocean, Mr Splfklns?"
tect yourself against imitations by dlture of $60. which Is In round . A. ' * G\Sar^Pubik. * ko4i Miss Purling "Yes," replied
seeing that the full name. Dr Wii- figures $22,000 pe- year, and repre- ; seal :	u„i#kln«* sadlv "I plaved cards
5-L‘MKrf-y jr^ss «.-.«a « ^ •—-,
Sold by all medicine dealers or mail-	other reasons	the price paid	for	aQ|l	mutoug SUrfavem	¦	j
rd post paid at 50c per box or six	furnace coke	is based upon	its	**nd f0r toethsoislAie,	free
h»xm for *2 50 by writing to the greater or lesser freedom from 1m-	V J. CHKNKY * to.
Dr Williams* Medicine Co., Brock- ] purities, which Is ascertained by	are uw boat,
ville. Ont.	chemical analysis.	g wm	| ¦¦¦¦¦I
FRAN
SAVINGS DEPARTMENT
r
p »
tains,
are unstrung, is poor or watery.
we recel re deposits of one dollar and nrwnrd». Interact a».
Lever's Y-Z (Wise Head) Disinfectant Soap Powder is a boon to any It disinfects and cleans
tho
or
At
liome^*^ the same time
the
Dr
31 Per Cent Per Annum
MUSIC BraS:
Music
If mot withdrawn
,n!er?c* at the ?urne rate
in*
ded SO the
Teicher» SHE: WANTED
rteewAHê
lute
Prompt
W1ALEY. 10TCE
r, < «., Limited
ol the system
Toledo. Ü.
Miflard’sLinimeiit isusedoy Physician
i
W PC 1147
WINNIPEG, MAN. TORONTO, ONT.
###PAGE###8###

During Exhibition Week


Stylish Suits
-FOIi-
Stylish People.
E. HOGGING & SON’S ADVT.
Wo intend making our stoic more attractive than ever by the quality of our goods and the prices asked.

Our Men’s Plough Bal.
is a surprise to everybody as to quality and price.
LADIES’ JACKETS.
That’s tlm kind we want—don’t know how to make any other. We’re Experts you know—it's om Business.
We guarantee to please you— don’t want your money if your’e not thoroughly satisfied.

Something very Stylish
#
Several Ladies have been critically examining the stocks of short and thin quarter length Coats now on exhibition in Shaw-ville, and they all say that for value and quality, finish and fit, our Goods are really the best.
Our Ladies’ Walking Boots. Price a wav down.
i
Children’s Goods.
Wo make a specialty of this line.
Complete range of Moccasins, G-loves and Mitts.
Our reputation, which was earn ni by making honeat work for past twelve ytai which come from our establishment w ill be found to be in every way equal to City made at half the prive.
guarantee that the good»

n ts a
4

o

The Boot & Shoe Store
M. STEWART, - Shawville.
A. R. McGUIRE,
/
1


The Tailor.
L

A Genuine Clove Bargain
THE FAVORITE
Shawville Exhibition
1902
1902

»
COOK STOVE IS » HE BESi MADE. During Exhibitionftweek we will make things
interesting by having 5 CENT SALE.



A few days ago we secured a snap in Ladies’ Kidd Gloves—REAL GOOD KIDD —regular dollar Goods, good colours, all sizes
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND

AT
Every piece of Print left goes at f>c. per yd Colored Muslin and Lawn Bleached and Unbleached Cotton <> pcs. Fancy Check Ginghams Flannelettes
3	Papers first quality Pins 2 p’k’gs. Needles, 3 to 7, 4 to s for
I fair Pius for
Good strong Roller Towelling Coats’ 300 yds Thread 17."> yds. Tinsel Gimp.
10 1-4 Flauclette Blanket border, fast colors, only
4	ply Scotch Fingering yarn 25 pieces Colored Dress Lin
WAINMAITS.
5c. yd. .	5c. yd.
5c. yd. 5c. yd.

Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
e #
e e
e *
# #
• e
# #
I
Our Price-Sizes, 6 1-4 and 6 1-2—only 50cts.
6 3-4 and 7 8 4—only 75cts.
5 c.
<<
n
. 5c
u
• >
5c
44
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
• >

.	5c. yd.
of which we have a variety in stock
5 c.
yd.
A full line of Stove Furnishings,
DC

Mue ami pink
*$
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
G. B. wainmanT SHAWVILLB.
E. HOGGINS & SON.
lb
!


P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
All Farm Produce bought and sold.
We are paying 16 cents for good Fresh Butter and
15 cents per doz, for fresh laid Eggs.

«
as it ron
u)
THE NEW GROCERY
r
*
i
y
9 4
/¦
A Pointer
t

i
i&ww
VXD-

MEAT SHOP.

T. W. WILSON & GO. 1
1
(LONDON)
*
(Corner Main and Plcknnock Sts.y
If you are engaged in any kind of business you make a mistake if
you do not invest a dollar or two with
INDIA PALE ALE
MÊL
Having secured u new and fresh stock of GROCERIES people can rely on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspect stock.
We also have on baud all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LAIID and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
The barley and hens used i.re the finest that money can secure. It is a prime favori'
12 MEDALS—H DIPLOMAS.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street, QUEBEC.
Farm For Sale.
Maharajah, of Baroda, India scabbard and belt are massed with rubies, emeralds an 1 diamonds, the value of which is estimated to be $1,100,000.
Its hilt,
our
Rein» the North East Half of Lot No.
00 f the township of < lorendon, containing loiia< r< < of good clay and loom y land, about :#) acres of which
On t he premises are,« bam and small house. For terms and fuller information apply to Mrs. 11. Karr, North Hay, Out., or
15 in the 2ml Rasgt
Ages for Marrying
Backs Tarte For a Winner
are cleared
Crank Exploded Bomb
In Germany a “man," in order to marry must be at least 12 years of age Portugal a boy of 14 is considered nm riigetble and a “w-unen of twelve. Greece the “man must have seen at least fourteen summers and the “woman’’ twelve. In Frame the “man" must be 18 and the woinin 10 In Belgium the same ages. Iu Spam the intended must have passed his fourteui'h year and the “woman her twelfth. In Austria a “at in
If it comes to a trial cl strength be 1,1 tween Mr Sif.on and Mr Mr. Sift on htd better
ln himself for
Tarte, I WRECKED CANADIAN BANK IF COMM ERIE
slate
a comfortable government
job. Mr. latte is not only an abler man Seattle, Wash., Sept. 17—A special to than Mr. Sifton, but he has more energy the Times from Skagway, Alaska, says : than all the reel of his colleagues put About 3 o'clock yesterday an unknown
together. Moreover, Mr. Tar’e c< ntrols man wa ked into the Canadian Bank of | _ Public Notice in hereto given that the t-.e Piovince of Quebec; and it is Quebec Commerce, a revolver in one hand and a ’. !!! , ?' r V»M f°r.tt,f	‘I^ii-y of Shaw-
^iSHE5E EZrîïir !:
youth and maiden who can walk properly	—------------ t/lc on]y two ™?n ™ the^bank. Wallace
Acc.mp.ice "8pm." „„ M Z wi"A.^3h
to do the same.
“No you donY' yelled the min, and dropped the bomb.
1 ne clerks had just gotten out of the Toronto, Sept. 18—A Diwson special window^ The hink was wrecked. The dated September 17 says: Fournier, robber • head was smashed ard one arm :he contested accomplice in the murder was to n i ff. People living abate the
London, s!!>t. 24-A de.patch from	F™nch U.nad an., C .n.lanline, U..k were blown into the air. Judge
Cape Town to the Central News Bays that y dl" Bnulhilleite on the island below Price, formerly prosecuting attorney, "ho Erneat Hemhel, a German subject, has »'ewart mer m July ,nd (lilbeit Dufor, was entering the bank at the time, was been convicted of treachery and sentenced U" “ ,	pawion. a week hurt but not serious y. The dynamiter
by the military court at Pretoria to ten i»1*1''that Libelle did the shooting died without regaining consciousness, years'iiupriionment at hard labor. The 10 e«ch	The murders were planned The bank lost about a thousand dollar.,
evidence in the ca-o showed tint last dehbere,p X'he mot.ves ol the crimes be- chiefly in gold duet which was lying cn March, after having t*k,n the a'h of	le was found in a
sSSiSrff .tsur S"ek grfrrfK «-P"!
curiosities among which were found. n ’ V ' ,n.nr' *	r« M mtveal II s lordship the bishop of Morsmce, ? m - .j -when the curiosities were examined at	v ”rry,:j8 *' Dawsoni to defend Liba.l •.	who arrived m Ottawa Saturday, visited	Iturenfam/;
the frontier, certain (I icu;nen'8 addressed	u nîtn are u ,w 1,1 J“i' erd*	several of the departments and left for
by Commandant Buyers to fermer Presi*	     his di-tnn‘ d oce«e on Tuesday. Bi-hop
dent Kruger and Dr, Led)a, the Buer	Newnham will lexve tomorrow by C P. R.
representative in Europe. The prisoner	The moe^ v aluable Sword in	on his return trip going by rail as far aa
pleaded ignorance as to the contents of	England.	Missinabie when he will tike canoe for
the documents, but admitted that he had	  the long trip north. The bithop expects j	At Wehukiwin,	N.	W. T	,	a	severe
been promised $f>,000 for delivering them.	London, Sent. 4 —The jewelled sword	to bs 14 days in cinoe, but fears that ice hailstorm destroyed	many	acres	of	wheat llnw I war Wah Wnn
---	------ poesei.t^dby the Maharaj-th of Jaipur to may catch him before he makes Moose *nd kited so many wild fowl that the	" ë	1	Rather Embark
Money In Hog-raising.	King Edward, encrusted with gems and Factory, »n which case ho will have to farmers gathered up wagon-l,ads of the Winnlo n Kent %-At the I ‘	g*
bring him $47.4a, or after l*kiug their	i ersia has a magnificent sabre worth	practical value. It is doubtfu1, though,	1	There are eight cases of smallpox at j he knew nothing about them
origi .a! cost and feed out would leave	P,000.	if itcan prevail against what hie colleagues	The Hudson s tiiy Company report the	Mount E'gin in the South of the county, they got there, but he had t.- ^dure i
him a profit of S19.17, or a total profit on	The only aword in the world more ra!	do not know and do not seem to care to	, Indism are slaughtering wood buffalo	and the village consequent’/ las t*en I lot of good-natured bantcrim? of the dav
the twenty-one pigs of #77-70.	I uabîe is that belonging to the Gackwar, or learn.	' uoith of Eimonton.	quarantined.	* I —Galt Reformer.	*
A. LYON, M. D.
Shaw ville
NK AOWAY
H. A. HOGGINS.
Public Notice. -
The Printer
Geer and N|oose.
e#
husband
to show people what you are doing.
WE PRINT
AH, well disposed persons are expected, and t Is their duty, to assist the Game \\ arden in protecting the deer and moose during close season.
Many are humanely doing so now, bet more could and should do Ft out of kindness to those harmless and beautiful animals. All that is necessary is to drop a line saying when and where the deer or moose were hunted, molested or killed, and by whom, and if by more than one person, give, the names of nil.
It is better hut not necessary, that vou should give your name, unless vou Wish to he paid for your trouble.
Al! correspondence strictly private and
confidential. Address,

PATENTS
rovR
YUKON MURDERS ATTRIBUTED TO LABELLE A MONTREAL MAN.
*or Treachery
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, Cards, &c. at moderate cost and do the work well. Try a sample order.
A GERMAN SUBJECT GETS 10 YEARS FOR REARING MESSAGES TO KRUGER AND
LEYDS.
{(PROMPTLY SECURED]
Write for our interesting books “ Invent-or'â Help” and " how you are swindled.” Send us a rough sketch or model of vour invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected application# have often been successfully prosecuted »y u*. We conduct fully equipped office# in Montreal and Washington ; this qualifie# us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Ma-, rion receive special notice without charge in over ioo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
N. MvCVAIG,
I	Provincial Game Warden.
1*. S,—Article 1 Uttn of the Game Lawn,
Important to whom it may concern, reads as follows :
“ No person owning, having or harbor-mg any dog accustomed to hunt and pursue deer shall allow such dog to run at large limit or course in any place inhah ited hy deer, U-tween the first dav of No veinber of one year and the twentieth of October of the following year, under penalty of a tine of At least $5.00 and not exceeding $25.00.
Any one may, without incurring any responsibility, kill any eueh dog found running at large, hunting or coursing in
vn ecnif? 4UVe men'ionc<l
the counter
Patent business of Mauufac-Kngineers.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts and Solicitors.
f New York Life Rld’g, Hontreal l Atlantic Bldg,Washington D.C.
The Equity.
T.
Offices
]
declared nor how





