###PAGE###1###
s
S No. 37. ltim Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, FEB :T
FIRST CLASS	__
FARM FENCING I Q-flod
1902.
$1.00 a Yeaji
in Advance.
i.
BANK ofjttawa , mffl« RANK
Como and tve our |.‘i.50 enlargements, framed complete. Competition defied.
11. I NIKON.
Ejjtenmos of Time.— My days henceforth at Oampbcl '* ! Bay will be every 2nd and 4th Tuesday in each month.
II. I MI RON,
Photographer.
Immense
Clearing Sale of
Boots & Shoes.
$3,500 worth of Footwear
lîrsd ornes: .
Capital j-ald r.j
OTTAWA, CANADA
•2,0
OF CANADA.
m

ONLY
for
Rtet
],76:..oev
tttard 0/ Director# :
Charles Magee, Khq., President Georoe Bat, esq.,Vice-President
Hoi*. Obo. Bftsof. Jb.	John Matbf.ii. E*y.
Albb. Fmali 11, KhW , Datid MacLasei», Ewy.
UISMB MCRIliY, Ecg.
30 Cents per ROD.
CAPITAL - . - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Head Oflee, • Montreal.
the
for sale by
TKl ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limit*,
PICTON, ONT.
Special Reductions this Weel^
In I he following Hues at W. T. Earle's
(-rockery, lamp glaieen,
Lantern globe#*.
Brooms anrl Wash Tub*, Patent Medicine*.
Feet
georoedvrn
1). M. FJNN1E
General Manager, .. .. Manager,
NOTICE.
DISSOLUTION OF PÂITNERSHIP.
Rmnriies • IN ONTARIO
Keewatln. Kemi-tv lie, Mittawo, Ottawa,

SHAW VILLE BRANCH,
Alexandrie,
Amprtor,
Avoamore,
Mracebrldge,
1,'arletrn
Lanark.
Parry bound, Pembroke, ri ut Portage, Winchester, Renfrew Toronto, Winchester.
GUARD YOUR EYES
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmera note* bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
RAVINGS BANK.
SHiSEH bSIEIIII
wearing our London Smoked Glasses. Station. Province of Ontario, under the 25 cents per pair and upwards.	firm name of Held Brother*, wa* dissolved
on th'* l'.rli day of February, 1902, by mutual consent ;aud that the said business will in future be carried on by the said
of Baking Sotla for 5 cents at thorized to Nettle all debts due to and by
the c unman?.
to
ilo Bsnkfit. do R« If an 8t do Htntijet s Vauktaek Ilill, bmlth'e Kulla
IN MANITOBA :
Place,
uobtkn,
HawkfbViuy,
The Drug Store,
Shawvllle.
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
' Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC;
,	Hull,
__________I Shswinigan Falls,
Agente in Canada, Near York mid Chicago—
Hank of Montreal.
Agents in tit. Faal—Mfichant* Nat Bank.
Agent» in Loudon, log.—Parr’s Bank Ltd.
AccouB/s opened for amounts of one dol lara and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hour»
Saturday» .
Z H*
Karla.
Montre»!
Laehnte
10 A M TO 3 P.M
( Signed tG. H. REID “ E. A. REID
16 A M. TO 1 P.M
Canned Good*.— Tmnntoe*. Com, Blue-bon rie», Pumpkins, 3cane ear h for 25 rts
IT. A. PARKER
Portage du Fort, Frby 24, 1U02
Manager, ut Karl*
to be cleaned out at
Sweeping Reductions.
— The lover* of violin music should not fail to attend the Masonic Concert on March 7.
Special Notice to Debtors.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
2Ü0 Bottles of good mixed Pickles to be sold out this week at 3 bottles for 25 els. at Earl s
Jellie, Jams < assorted) and Marmalade; also Kfttsups for one dollar a dozen bottles at Bari's.
Secure your seats for March 7; plan He uses the best materia) for manipu'a-at Shaw’s. Reserved seats, 36 cents, tion. Studio, Pontiac House; Branch, General admission, 26 cents.	Csin),bells Bay.
1 hereby give notice that all account» due me and not paid by the end of first Photos, made by Ivuiaon do not fade. I week in March, MUM, will be handed to
my lawyer for collection.
to pairs men's pant* from 89 cent* up selling out at Earls.
Mr. John Argue, of Varm, had the misfortune to break one of his legs on Friday last.
The fine weather had an appreciably brightening effect on business m town last Friday and Saturday.
Mr. W. H. A. Fraser reports that the firm’s shanties on the Upper Coulonge are free of smallpox.
This will be the biggest event in Boots that has been.
A. LYON M. D
PRESSED HAY For sale cheap.
R. W. HODGINS.
ST Dr. Stackhouse, surgeon dentist, will l>e at Shaw ville on Tuesday, March 11th ; Campbell's Bay, Wednesday, March Parties will oblige by calling early.
p§s=S! IlSêSilüs £F - -•
u '	way, lost an arm as the result of an	•
Pocket Look Fou**.-Mr. William accident while coupling cm some die A good many farmers in Eastern On-Brown is looking for the owner of a tance east of Shawville during the sum tarie arc still adhering to the very foul pocket book containing a sum of money mer of 1900, and entered an action ieh policy 0f marketing hogs that are which he found on the Portage road against the Company for $6,000. After too light in weight, and quite unsuitable about three weeks ago, Th e owner may hearing the case the Jury retired and for packing purpose*. The Geo. Mat have the same by calling on Mr. Brown after several hours deliberation succeed- thews Company, Limited, report that
proving ownership and paying 25 cento mg m reaching a verdict awarding the during the month of January their re for tins notice.	Jsura of $4,000 to the plaintiff. The jury | ceinte of hog grades is as follows
m ”
The Pembroke Standard saje : Allu-1 orgmal, being a good represenUtion of 5.	.iV’Fnrt	if.........
s-
thcobl land ma i ks on this «de of the I Quarantine was raised at the residence caso was handled by Mr. Henry Aylen,	E ,
hrnU	iT/frZ	M Dr. Lyon Friday morning, and every while Mr. T. P. Foran looked after the 1398 or about XI per cent, were amiable
broke, which hé frequently visited, hav- one WM g|ad see the roteran medico Company’s interest. The action was the for the manufacture of hrst-clasa bacon.
ing many relalivea in town. He was n.l>out again, in hia wonted good spirit first of a civil character to be tried in If the trade in Canadian Bacon is to be buried m the R. C. cemetery at thapeau aod enjoying good health. Miss Cor- this county. It is said the Company increased or even maintained at its pre-ou «'«day-	belt, we are pleased to report also, has will appeal from the judgment on the SCDt volume, it is absolutely necessary
A uartv of children, Boys and Girls, are entirely recovered from the disease, and I ground that the jury’s award is ei- that hogs of proper weight and quality expected to arrive from Liverpool, Eng- will awn be enabled to follow her veca- cessive.	be "eDt to packinghouses.
W^th^mU’ MT’for rm rcmain, of Mr. Fords, of Lower ghawville i.’^TmT'pomtion to re-	jgjj ^ Comra’,”ion"’
distribution, Man h^ 10th. Farmers and I ytchfield, who died at Long Point port a pretty clean sheet in the matter others, needing such help as these little Asylum, and who had been an inmate of of general vaccination. The time having one» can give, j»lease apply at once that institution for 38 years, arrived at expired last Monday within which the Mrs. Birt, Knowltoo, enclosing	Clarke’s Station on Thursday night, and Council ordered all citizens to present
ter « recommendat ion and	'fare, were removed to the homestead in their certificates to the executive officer
from Home to destination. Photos of l tchfield the following day. Interment of the board of health, action was found the smaller ones only can be sent and	p^e at Portage du Fort on Sa- necessary in a few cases to drum up
Application forms	I turday.	the delinquents and shew them that the
Rep^s bverescbej Th* Eqnrv of- In laet wcek.8 Pembroke Advocate «uthoritiev meant to have the law respectr
fice from Thorne township that deer are Bome dissatisfied Pontiac elector, com- **. at *“ *nd tho?e "ho thu8 K"1 being slaughtered by crust-huntera in the menk on the deplorable condition in l”to tîoubIe bave onl? themeeres to vicinity uf Hall's Lake, on the Kazu- which the representation of county pre- blame for any expense incurred, as fair Ixizua, a locality where the deer are Mntly finds it^lf] and thl8 in view of the twel,D™« w“ »«¦ ,that. th! C°°?cJ m, accustomed to “yard” in the winter sea- £Acfc fc^t W0 have a number of capable	do lts dutF* Allowing out
son, being well timbered and affording inen at home ^ ^ after our interests. th? in9tructions or rather orders, replenty of foody and every needed pro- In thjg connection the name of Mr.	^ the Provincial Board of
lection, save from the ruthless crust-	f)ay|d R Barry is accorded special pro-	Health. Shaw ville having	thus corn-
hunter, who, molf-like, takes advan-	rainouee.	Ele ctor’s ideas in the main are	{)lied Wlth	lsw, and	protected
tage of the deep snow and the almost ajj ri${ht but isn’t it just a little too soon from *n eI)ldennc of smallpox so far as helpless condition of the animals to to begin talkiuT elections ?	its individuality as a corporation is con
wage his murderous and illegal traffiç,	concerned, is not, however, out of dan.	' , w . ,	.	Vbuv Sad.-The mart* friends of Rev. ger, by reason of the fact that some of
A trader darned Janus nngnti wno w w McCuaig, late pastor, of the surrounding municipalities have tieen make» his headquarters at Maltewa, re-	Street Presbyterian church and less particular in observing the law. So
ports that a herd of moofte, numbering I ^ ^ Fort Francis, were grieved to far as we are aware at present Quyon about Seventeen, were recency devoured	on	priday that Norman, the	Village and	the township of	Clarendon
by a pock of Solves during a lug «now L.^ M0	0f Kev. W. W. McCunig had	are the only	municipalities which have
storm The txines of the moose were a. ter- dj€d thAtafternooni ftfc the residence of taken measures to carry out the law.— wards dttovered in various places where k|f ^ q Waddell, Hope, where Mrs. Quyon, wc understand, has done the the savage animals had succeeded in ^cr-	anj fampy hare been spending work well», and Clarendon intends that
powering them, i he incident furnishes a winter, the cause of death being pneu-1 it shall be done, although there are a pretty strong argument in favor of the monia	Mr. McCuaig wa< informed great many people iu the latter township
government offeriug some inducement . telegraph of the sad occurrence, and who have yet to comply. Some mum fur the extermination of the most coward-1 rfived .Q tf)Wn OQ Monday night. The cipalities, wo learn, have ignored the ly and most treacherous animal to be | funeraj took	Wednesday afternoon mandate of the provincial boaitlal together
found in Canada s forests, and it is to be ffom tho reëjdence nf Mrs. Waddell. on the pretext that this is a free country, hoped the memorials which arc being ÿhe above item is taken from the and people cannot bo compelled to do sent to the hon. commissioner *ho pre-	y Times of the 13th inst,, and that against which their nature rebels,
s des over that branch of the admin is the Mr. McCuaig referred to therein or that they do not wish to do. Following f ration, petitioning for a bounty for the	eldoafc gOQ of Mr. Norman Me- this process of reasoning to i to logical
killing of wolves, will accompli -	Cuaig, of Bryson.	conclusion, would justify people in re
object.	™	fusing to pay taxes if they took a notion
lield here^ The concert wül be under engine was lifted was consumed, and much as the paying of taxes, and the
a!‘it i. . Inn, time since such in un to have the damage repeired *nd the mill fnrced ^ the ex,wdient <rf taking the
gsSMWBk^rES^iS J
The pise is bow open at Jno. Shaw’s Conoert on March 7. Songs in char- measures adopted tu their couise of pm -v**
iWi!	'after	ioedere.
Verdict for $4,000
The case of John Wright against the
mb
Our stock consists of full lines of Men’s, Women’s and Children’s Footwear, made up of the finest leathers in the market, and in the very best shapes.
Our prices are always low and during this Sale we will make such substantial reductions as will make it interesting for bargain-hunters.
À actionner J. J. Turner will sellout the stock, implements and other effects of Mr. M. A. Campbell Bristol, on Wednesday, Maroh 12.
Mr. Eddie Wallace, of Clarke’s Station, ii home from Gillies Bros', Shan, ties, Coulonge, with a badly lacerated hand as the result of having it jammed between two saw logs.
Lost.—On Main Street on Friday last, between J. Brownlee’s and tip? Bak ery, a jxwket-book containing a small sum of money and a house key. Finder will much oblige by leaving at this office.
1840
690
27
40
You want Boots Now
6
21
123
We want to sell Now
Come in and see what we can do for you. This Sale will continue for Thirty Days.
A total of 4154 hogs, of which only
SHAW.
J.
Road Labor Reform
We are much pleased to notice that the Clarendon Council at its March ses-propoees to prepare a by-law for submission to the ratepayers for the abolition, or rather commutation of statute labor. This decision marks the initiative step in the best piece of municipal legislation that has so far been introduced in the county; and as Clarendon is the most important municipality within the limits of Pontiac, it is tit and proper that it should have the honor of introducing this much needed reform. In the sister province of Ontario, the old system, which, did service in pioneer days, is fast being superceded by the new and improved methods in road building, which aro rendered possible by the adoption of the principle of commutation. We have before us the report of the Commissioner of Highways for Ontario for 1900, which shows that up to that date 45 townships in Ontario had do.ie away with statute labor Since then the number has greatly increased, and while there is no recorded instance of the change having resulted unsttisfaloi ily, the operations of succeeding years, show increased benefits. The raids in those townships now arc beginning to show the 'real advantages of systematic uniformity.
- makeshift jobs, no patch-or temporary filling up, but everything is being done with a view to permanency in road construction, and at a reduced cost.
Without presuming to offer advice trust in the preparation of its by-law the Council of Clarendon will exercise its best care and forethought in having the measure thoroughly explicit in every detail, to the end that the ratepayers may have an intelligent grasp of the question, before they express their opinion at the polls. The proposed change no doubt will be greeted with dire misgiving* in many quarters, —it seems so radical a departure from the old ways The fullest instruction, therefore, will be necessary
tho inherent prejudices
sion
Condition Powders
..Stock Food.
If good results are to be obtained from Cattle now is the time to put them in good condition for the summer months.
INTERNATIONAL STOCK FOOD
Easily leads the list of Cattle Foods as the
CHEAPEST and the BEST.
Put np in 25c. arçd 50c. Packages and 25-!b. Pails, $3.50.
K
ere are no
mg
Condition Powders.
we
We have all the reliable Condition Powders on the
Now, when your horse is starting to lose his
market
hair, is tha proper time to feed him a good Condition Powder. We would recommend
AU
Our Own Condition Powders
as the best. Full pound in each package, 25c.
to overcome which exist if the measure is to meet with success, aw we earnestly hope it
We nie a Wall? if Bom and failli Minim
The Drug Store.
will
The Supreme Court haa decidnd not to interfere with judgment voiding the election Mr. i eye in Heauhainom I he th
t
i* farmer last week
\ it tho ms
,
d ‘flliaWe Medic e .
nrur
Headquarters f*»r nu

»
ng
n .Inn®


###PAGE###2###
’—
^---
T—
SIAGABA'S IGE BRIDGE
portant. Whether the land afterward» whall bo more productive Is comparatively immaterial. Yet if we give up the almost hopeless task | CURIOUS FORMATIONS OVB1
THE RUSHING STREAM.
gave way, and she wept convulalve-
#	I ly. The strain had been great ; she I »
ÇI __ ________ ___________ H ! had repeated her little story—re- I
I The Fatal Dower |	'
Z I keen sense of the law would analyze
#	it. Something that she had not
î ssa-a&tyr sr zzz.1
MI DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT. |	$S£|	.......
# _ _	^ ^ ^ J* I tho lawyer's eyes grew dim ns he the albumen or the nitrogenous mat-
j listened to the passionate weeping. ter in the food. They are what
***¦«
zkTu:%:,rr - ' - : ssssiLtaLTse?- = „r=r jsLrst
fShv went to a box that lav upon l,hcn hcr evidence will be of little | tilings, malt sprouts, dried brewers | time and again. Clover ha# just tho
the little table and took from it a IlI8e* 8ald Mr Kent‘ "0ur	is	grains and pea» are among the con- material in it to form egg shell, and
complete without any addition. And oentruted foods that have the most hence It becomes an essential part now, Miss Lisle,*1 ho said, turning to j protein, although wheat bran and of every ration fed to tho chickens, the young girl, "wo must not lose middlings and oatmeal have n high it may not be generally understood one minute. I can imagine tho effect position, which show their value as that there are nearly thirty pounds this excitement will produce upon food for cows in milk. Of the coarse j of lime contained In each thousand Lord Lisle. Have you any friends feed», vetch, alfalfa and cow pea hay pounds of clover. The chickens fed here. or any arrangements	you	rank in	tho order named, as do tho	daily	with clover will consequently
would like to make ?"	grain feeds named, but neither	is fur	prove	better egg	layers than those
"No," she replied ; I have no above oat and pea bay, and red denied it. The clover hay should be friends, and I have nd plans."	clover	hay is above all tho	other	given	to chickens	in winter in quan-
1 Could you arrange to start	for	hays or	dry fodder. Those	which	Uties	sufficient to	satisfy them, and
Lisle	Court to-morrow morning ?" have the most carbonaceous material	to make them eat more it is	de-
he asked.	or fattening properties are given as	slrablo sometimes to prepare it	In	I With	the wind driving	down	Lake
wheat, rye, corn, barley, corn and various ways. Cook and chop it up, Erie the ice field is swept into the cobmeal, corn bran, kaffir, hominy, | and mix it with meal or other ar- entrance of the Niagara river, and cowpcns, wheat middlings and pens , tides. This will sometimes induce there tho ice is caught by tho cur-in tho order named. Millet, red top, i the hens to consume a groat amount rent and swept down tho river chan-vetch, barley and oat hay are among of clover every day. Cut up in short nel. .Twenty miles below it plunges the rough fodders highest in this, lengths and mixed with warm mash through tho upper rapid», where the close, but in making up a ration and then fed only as fast as the cake» are dashed about and broken from these lists there may he other chickens will clean it up each day, is until all the ice is in very small things to consider than the analysis probably the most economical way piece». In this condition It drop* alone. Thus cottonseed or linseed	to feed tho clover. Some cut	tho	over	the falls into tho	gorge below,	i
meal are not thought safe to use for ,	second crop of clover and place it in	On	tho lower river
milch cows to the extent of more the poultry yard for tho chickens to ried down stream by the current, than one-fourth to one-sixth of tho ; eat and scratch over at pleasure. Quite a lot of it is ewept through the grain ration, perhaps because they . This of itself is all right, but it is whirlpool rapids into the whirlpool, need diluting to be well digested, rather wasteful. More than half tho and then out and down to Lake On-Mil let hay has been proven to have clover will be lost, and the chickens tario, but a vast quantity is caught an injurious effect upon the kidneys do not actually eat much more than in the eddies above the rapids by of the horse if given as a contin-jthe leaves. The stalks contain most side currents, and gradually the
of the lime, and these should be eddies fill until the Ice is quite solid prepared so the chickens will con- between the protecting points of the same them. Of all foods that can be eddies. When these condition» do-
There nro thousands of farmers all | rniacd on a farm ,or P<>*'Urv clover velop on both sides of the river, tho
is not tho best, but probably tho moving ice is forced to pass down
cheapest, and a field of it is as es- stream through a channel in the consenti» 1 to success as a pasture field tor of the river. This moving ice is necessary to the success of dairy- cuts a remarkably straight line along
the other still ice, and if the flow of ice over the falls continues, the channel soon becomes choked. Many times a jam will bo threatened, each It is a well known fact that voices time being broken by the force of the differ greatly according to national- current, until tho quantity of ico inti nd ity and geographical positions. Thus creases so much that it is impossible
hears male voices , for it to pass through tho channel.
THEN A JAM OCCURS.

FOR FARMERS
O
of making land permanently richer, and only aim to make it more productive, we can increase the value of | The Ice la Formed 20 to 51 tho farm just aa certainly. There ia no eecret about the value of land,
,f I It ia at thia season of the yeal that Niagara attracts the attontioi I of the world, becaus^of I ta wonder fui ioe bridge formations. These ia bridges aro very peculiar in theii formation, and all who have see» any of them marvel at their str&ngf I creation, their strength and beauty Crook» and small rivera freeze ac that the ice that forma allows peo pie to cross from shore to shore, but for all Niagara has its let bridges it is not recorded that the river ever froze in the manner ol | other streams, in fact tho rapidity of the current would not permit > of this.
| Tho ice that builds the ice bridge* j of the Niagara gorge is not formed on the site of the bridge, but from 20 to 50 miles or more up on the surface of Lake Erie. If Niagara had to depend upon its river freezing for a bridge, the hope would never b« realized. With the coming of sever# cold weather in winter great fields of ice form on Lake Erie. A thaw accompanied by wind follows, and then the open places in tho lake develop waves, which dash against the ice, gradually breaking It up until it takes the wave action and becomes
hcr
ble
SeesewabSe and Progf# Wats fer the Busy Tilh
ers
Miles Up On the Surface of Lake Erie.
of the Sell.
#
OR
especially for farming purposes will always be worth the sum that It will pay interest on. besides the cost of cultivation. It may sell for this even while fertility Is decreasing, so long as its productive capacity Is not seriously impaired.
O
arc
EGG-PRODUCING FOODS.
The man or woman who raises
some sticking to food that hna long been discarded as poor egg-material.
Experience has demonstrated the value of clover for egg producing
CHAPTER VIII
It wne the close of a warm summer's afternoon when the three gentlemen reached Queen's Lynne. They had talked during the whole of their
SirTfs: I „ld-	-
h»d for so many years been lost.	..ShJ ia beautiful and dignified."
ether case he had known wherein the	wkh'dcMght."	**
5SSR rss F U-dSys: % «s* ss
•ss dunng many years led to a law- what the voung ,ndy hlifl to flnv.-
######_,.............................................
SSiSSSS h—HEr:'-=|3Fjr«-,tr'-
or uneducated,, what would his uncle . ;	.	‘	. any friends or dependents you would
do ? Lord Lisle himself was one of ,, •‘tory 1 have to tell is u *hori to provide for. do ns you will."
the best bred and	most refined men | one' sllf slutl-	know my moth-	“Tho old woman who lives here has
in England. How	could ho tolerate |	0,1 *v ^y	the	name of &mrgarvt	j boril very good to me since Susan
a course, vulgar girl always near „?WAf, X?ttrs a„^0' when she, was fevers died," sho replied. "It would him ?	: MlSR A no. Susan, Rivers waited upon pcrhftp8 bc tt9 Wcll thftt sho shoul(1
Philip Lisle had	a warm and sin- ilvl • 1Iv‘	r	lost h,s fo! tune, and	continue to live here, and keep on
cere affection for the kinsman who|ni*v mother	became a governess. Of	the little home, for my foster-sister
had acted so liberally toward him. Mlc Part1ÇuJar3 of her private mar-| pajgv»8 yaiie M He had grown intensely interested in 1 iaKl‘ with In>' la^lor 1 know no-thc tragic love story that had i ng. My nurse and foster-mother thrown so deep a gloom over Lord	Ine s^(‘ did ,ln^ know my
Lisle's life. He felt nervous and un-
key
AN UNDULATING MASS
de-
ftio
tho ico ia car-
"Tlmt is well and kindly thought of." said Mr. Kent.
Mrs. Feme was called in, and almost lost her senses between surprise and pleasure.
"I guessed it, gentlemen," she cried. "Over and over again I have said Miss Rita was more like a queen than poor Susan’s child. Hot-house flowers do not grow in hedge-rows."
(To Be Continued).
father's name, and had no clew to of | it, save that he was called Captain Arthur and went with his regiment to India.
easy as they drew near the end their journey a hundred misgivings seized him. He would rather return . to Lord Lisle and tell him his da ugh-	mo(llvr t(>ok mc whcn l was
1er lay doaS than take back	with hu!te * child to Dcepdalc. She was
him some coarse, vulgar girl	who £oin£ *° ludiu. My father lay ill
would be a constant source of pain 11 l^ro ; nnd Nurse Rivers promised to
and sorrow to all connected with la v0 charge of me for a certain time
and bring me up with her own
uousfood
HOW TO BE A GOOD FARMER
over the country who if asked why they nre living in the country will say that they don't know enough
Wh„, th. train a.oppwl	.rdl SUICIDE STATISTICS.
face hud thc beautiful lips trembled.	I	able to accomplish anything of imho was silent ami	mother was lost at sen," she figures .Show That Self-Destruc- portance must be as well educated
nervous continued, sadly, and from that	tion is on the Increase.	ns any other class of people. l!e
day to this no word has been	heard	Self-destruction is on the increase,	should not only be familiar with
Their first enterprise	was to secure father	or friend. I have	been j An English alienist has investigated	scientific works but he must	not
a good dinner	at the	Albion Hotel.	"Wocted	or forgotten. My	poor	this subject, with discouraging re-	neglect higher mathematics,
after which	the three gentlemen	m,,l*c did	*10r best for me, and she	suits. Some forty years ago the av-	should be familiar with animals and 1,1 I	I	|
started together in quest of the wo- never told me until the night she cruge number of suicides was. in insects, know about thc growth of which are absolutely unique in the
man who had charge of Lord Lisle's died.”	,	Sweden, one to every 92,000 inhabi- Pbints, formation of soils, etc. llo lowness of their compass. The Forced on by the current the icy
daughter.	And then ?" continued Mr. Kent, hunts; in Russia one to every 35,- wiI1 then be better able to solve the Italians, on the other hand, are not- cakes pile high over the quiet ice.
For	a	long	time	they	were	unsuc-	f°r the plaintive voice ceased.	| 000; in the United States one to cv-	nia,1.v	complex problems which	con-	*b!e for their fine tenor voices. Some	it	assumes the forms of mountains,
ceesful.	The	name	of	Susan	Rivers	l hen sllc gnve me these	proofs,'	! Cry 15,000; and in London and St.	front	every farmer at this day	and	Asiatic nations, according to Engel,	so	high does it pile, and then, right
said thc young girl— the letter my Petersburg one to every 21,000. In	nK°-	lfc*rflf in shrill notes by straining tho	over the rapid running river, the ice
mother wrote, a ring Captain Ar- France there were, from every 100.-	Many think that the farmer's life	voice to its highest pitch; others de-	assumes such a firmness that	tho
fbur gave her, and a locket contain- i ooo inhabitants, from 1841 to 1845.	1S an unenviable one, that he is tied	bffbt in a kind of vibrato or tre-	stream is bridged from shore	to
reassured I ‘ni’ * hair or both my parents." I 9 suicides, and from 1846 to 1850	down at home, scarcely having time	molando. Some sing habitually in	shore.
Phc took tho rin£ nnd the	letter ho; from	1861 to 1870, 13; from	to cat his meals, while the truth of	an undertone; others in a nasal tone.	in the majority of cases tho water
place called Rooks' Nest. Sho	was	fl'°m the box us she spoke,	and ! 1871 to	1875, 15; from 1876 to	the matter is, the farmer can be the	! Lichtenstein in describing the sing-	quite high at these times, and
dead and buried, but her	daughter	Philip Lisle looked attentively at j 1880, 17;	in 1899, 21; in 1893, 22;	most independent man on earth if he	of a Hottentot congregation in	when the wind goes down the waters
still lived at the cottage.	them. 1 lie lawyer read the	letter j and jn 1894, 26. From 1826 to	chooses. True, ho must rise early,	South Africa, observes that among	Gf tho lake, together with their icy
They walked in silence	to	the	through in silence. IS hat	doubt 1 1890 thc	proportion of suicides in	work late and continuously for a	all the singers, consisting of about	burden, are held buck. Tho water in
place, each one thinking more of the could be reasonably entertained ? j Belgium has augmented 72 per cent.; while in thc spring but after two or û hundred Hottentots of both sexes, the river of tho gorge recedes ; tho
•Why did your nurse never	tell you	jn Russia 411 per cent.; in Austria	three	months, thc hardest of	his	there was not one man with a bass	ice	jam settles with tho lowering of
tins before ?’ he inquired.	Her si I-1 033 per cent.; in Sweden and Den-	work	is done and he can take	it	or baritone voice; all the men had	the	water, and great crevasses are
mark 72 per cent; and 35 per cent,	comparatively cosy during tho re-	tenor voices. The Chinese voices	opened here and there about its	sur-
the respectively, and in France 318 per	maindcr of the season.	seem to bear some resemblance to the	ace. An inspection of these	cre-
¦	cent.. Recent figures show that sui-	One of the greatest essentials to	weak character of thc people. A	vosses will show many of them	to
ly. She thought it better to let	me	cidc is more common in the French	prosperity and enjoyment of life is	military	man who had three years’	be from thirty	to fifty feet deep
in happy ignorance. Another	army than in any other European	Perfect health. The best opportun!-	«ervice in the country declares that	with no water	in sight at the bob-
WÊ	JKK	still	played	reason was, that in her heart,	she	force. Out of 1,000 soldiers fifty die	tlc9 for this are offered on tho farm	be never	once heard a Chinaman sing	tom, and this arouses much interest
the sea. Suddenly	turning	a	distrusted Captain Arthur."	by suicide, and of every 100,000 men	unless too much work is attempted,	from his	chest.	as to tho depth	or thickness of the
' Why ?" said Philip Lisle, hastily. the army about twenty-seven Exposure during bad weather must	_______1	ice that forms tho bridge. The ma-
Then, for the first time, she raised commit suicide every year In the be avoided as much as possible.	Joilty of ice bridges form between
her dark, lustrous eyes to his ; their United States the increase will pro- While stock farmers especially must	BIRTHDAY CAKES.	the American Falls and the upper
beauty struck him with wonder. bably reach 300 per cent.. Two pe- bo out in all kinds of weather, good Th f . ,	,	., H . steel arch bridge, but during thc
Because he left me alone, neg- culiarities are shown in the recently f°od and proper clothing will go a	^ Vn	1	1! period of their formation the ice ex-
The lected, and un cared for j because, published figures of suicides in Am- lonP waY toward counteracting any * nr_v_, in	,V c* tends above and below this line. The
misery or happiness of Lord Lisle’s neither by word, letter nor message erican cities, the recession of natives bad effects. The orchard, garden and rP V„ ?» J Pa .. V# bridge that becomes a fixture of life depends on what wo find hero." has he ever sought me. My father 0f Germany from the head of the Poultry yard make, it possible for n!î’\ L„ weeks wears off at the upper end The three gentlemen looked agitât- left me to live or die as I might." list, and an increase in the number the farmer to have the very best to	i and also the lower end until its
ed as they stood awaiting the open- I here was a ring of passion in her 0f suicides among colored people. In live upon. While men in other pro-	!	“ u upper end is almost straight out
ing of the door. In answer to their voice as she spoke.	the last report published in Now fessions may make money faster,	°*e	®	from the base of the American Falls,
summons an elderly woman appear- Hush, child ! said Mr. Kent, York City it was seen that there very few callings afford more plea- fw* tw! tui „	? ?» L. while on the lower end the stream
ed. who dropped a deep curtesy and "your father has spent a lifetime in were more' suicides by natives of the 8Ure and more substantial returns.	?J	that pours out from tho portal of
looked in much wonder at the un- searching for you ! He has spent a United States than by those of Ger-	----- iFor	^van ™ the Niagara Falls Power Co.'s tun-
~2tÜS.Ï.ftSLSSiIi-r.-	Z SS£1 »”rZSÜt»*6
and loves me ?"	to crfp bis land while he is out the light of life ; it is unlucky
to I "You have to hear his story," con-	ROETGEN BAYS.	fertilizing. A considerable part of if done by any other member of tho
tinned Mr. Kent. "No one has ^ 1	,	,	^	^ j the manure he applied does not re- family.
But before there was time for any spoken to you of the chivalrous love Molecules in Bodies1 of Two Pa*	soil; Jt appears in the
reply what they thought a vision he had for the friendless girl he mar-	tients Separated.	increa.sed \alue of the first year’s
came into the room—a tall, bcauti- ried—of tho life-long agony her That the X-rays can have a really L Pj 0 much. othcr Roil fertility "In your wife’s separation petition ful girl, with a magnificent face and death and your loss has been !"	dangerous effect upon the human	L 81 ,Q9' .. le	main business of farm-	she	says you.have trampled upon
queenly figure—a face so"wondrous in "But tell me," she cried, "who he	frame has been demonstrated by two	Ln?ti!Va, lcr	Hu? exhaustion	of soil	her	affections," said the lawyer,
its dark, proud beauty that those M8* Remember, my father is nothing	cases at the Hospital St. Louis,	® 1 y f!y .	eujmating and	selling	“Yes," assented the client, "I'll ad-
who saw it never forgot it. Philip to rac but an empty name."	Paris, which have caused much ex-	, , ral; Pr	han maklng the	land	mit	it. All the affection she has is
Lisle’s heart almost stood still. Ah, Mr. Kent looked anxiously at his citement among Paris physicians.	. j. . vcri.w . 11 manurc8 are ap- centred in a little hairy dog, and
dear Heaven ! could it be—was this confreres.	Tho first is of n man whose entire ;h t( .1 ls.. ie immediate effect on the way I’ve trampled on him has
Lord Lisle’s lost darling ?	| There can be no doubt," he said, abdomen has become sore as a con-1 r op ],t	13 ( (>0In°d most im- been frightful."
The moment bad come—the mo- I can see no flaw in this evidence." sequence of one application of the ment for which Rita had longed and "No," said the detective officer, Roentgen rays. The other is a man waited. She met it bravely. The I gravely ; "there is no doubt."	who, having used his .right arm recolor faded from her checks and lips, I "Then," said Mr. KciU, "the words	pea Led ly as a subject for experiments
but no word or sign betrayed her ! must not come from a stranger's with the rays, in public lectures at fear and suspense.	lips. Mr. Lisle, will you tell this the Trocadero, has lost thc use of
With one graceful gesture she wav- young lady who her father is ?" the limb, and finds other serious ed Mrs. Feme from the room ; then, Philip came forward. He took the complications setting in. The mus-closing tho door, she stood facing trembling hands in his own, nnd clos of the arm arc swollen and the the three, whose errand she had di- j bent over the beautiful, drooping skin is parched and cracked; the vined.	e	figure.	nai# have been burned from, all the
"May I ask, said Mr. Kent, "if | "When your father married your fingers; he has lost his beard, mus-you are the daughter of the poor mother, Margaret Arle," he said, tache, eye lashes and brow nnd hair woman so lately dead, Susan ! Kently, "he was Captain Arthur on the right side of his face and Rivers ?"	Wyverne, a brave officer, and a noble head, and his right eye has almost
There was no faltering of the inusi- gentleman. He is now Lord Lisle, lost its sight, while the lid works cal voice ; the beautiful lips were not of Lisle Court, and you are his only only with the greatest difficulty, blistered by the cruel lie that rip- child."	Felix Mcheux, the specialist of the
pled over them.	Lord Lisle ! Ah ! the stake was hospital, explains this action of the
"No," she said clearly ; "I nm worth playing for. Her wildest X-rays by the excessive energy which not the daughter of Susan Rivers— dreams had not been brighter than causes the ray to penetrate the body sho was my nurse."	this A thrill of grateful vanity by separating the molecules of which
Philip Lisle made one step to- toade the worldly, ambitious heart R\\ matter is composed wards ho# but the lawyer impatient- beat more quickly.	turbating action is so great that na-
Jy signed him to keep silent.	I thank God," said Philip, so- ture caunot afterward restore thc
"May I ask who it is we have the lemnly "that you are found at last, molecules to their original positions pleasure of addressing ?" he con- j Your father has wearied for you ; I nnf1 functions . tinned.	I left him half dead with suspense. He	™
"Would that I could answer you," will never recover until he sees she wild "I have no other name I you."
¦Hk thv rflo iay poor mother bor
her
Lynne his companions Philip Lisle’s handsome grown pale
thoughtful, feeling more than he had ever done in his life
VARIED VOICES
Russia one
did not appear to be known at all. and a shade of uneasiness passed over the detective’s face. An inquiry at the post office WKÈÊÊÊk them ; Susan Rivers had lived at a
anxious father at home than of thc young girl they were going to see.
Philip Lisle never forgot that night | cnce 8001118 strange —thc splendor of the evening sky— the fragrance of thc purple heather— I young girl tho distant sighing of the waves, and thv solemn quiet of the summer j live night. The sunbeams
Strange and cruel," said
yet she meant it kind
ever
corner of the road, they saw before them a pretty cottage surrounded by a fair and pleasant flower garden.
"This is Rooks’ Nest ?" said Mr. Kent to Philip Lisle.
"I suppose so," he replied
man
THE FIRST AND LAST.
A short time ago a young fellow, having heard wonderful tales of the skating rink, made up his mind to visit one. Tho sight of such a large number of young ladies and gentlemen gliding round and round in all directions led him to believe that skating was the easiest thing in the world. He hastily made up Ids mind and, after ordering a pair of skates, and having them^fixed to the boots, he took a brave, bold step forward, alld—bang ho dropped full length on the ice. An assistant at once ran to help him up. "Is this your first at-y empt at skating, sir ?” he asked. "No," growled the young fellow ; 'the last 1”
whom we came to see, is dead, but that hrr daughter Can we see her ?"
With confused wonder the old lady admitted the gentlemen and opened thc door of the best parlor.
"It’ll be Rita you're wanting sec," she said.
A Wrong Idea of the Nerves.
The Action of the Heart, Lunge, Stomach, Liver and Kidney» Depend on NervoeFoodFOrCe—Extra0re*'nRry Re8U*te from the use of Dr. Chase1»
There ia not a single organ of the human body that can perform ft* functions without a liberal supply of
nerve force—the motive power of the body.
I he nervous system should never be thought of as a separate part of the body. Its branches extend from the brain and the spinal column to the tips of the fingers and toes. Just as the blood is carried by the or* tones to every nook and corner of the system, so the nerve force, by means of nerve fibres, is distributed and nerve force is just as important to life as is good, rich blood.
Wh.°,n 1 hf> cells are wasted, by over exertion, worry or disease, more rapidly than they are replaced, the act ion or the heart becomes slower, the lungs begin to weaken, the stomach fails to do its duty, the liver •nd kidneys falter in their work as filters and the excretory organs get feeble and inactive. You may be a irVr<>m wcak,irSfl and exhaustion of the nerves, and may have been attributing the trouble to the stom* acn, toneys or other organs. Nervous exhaustion is marked by restlessness, disturbed sleep, languid, weary feelings, headache, dyspepsia, and bodily pains, inability to concentrate the thoughts, absent-mindedness,
weakened memory, twitching of the muscles and eyelids, sudden starting# and jerking# of the limbs in sleep* dizziness, irritability and gloomy forebodings.	*
Through the medium of the nervous system Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food carries new life and energy to every organ o the body. It strengthens the action of the heart, invigorates the stomach, makes the kidneys, live
and bowels more active, and builds up the entire system.
1 you experience any of these symptoms of nervous exhaustion, you can rely absolutely on Dr. Chase*!
m r Î a ° 4?rc you* does n0t stimulate, but thoroughly curse by forming new, red corpuscles in thf
blood and creating nerve force.
rontoi Chaae 1 Nerve Food- 60 crats » box, 6 boxes for |V0. à* Uaalc* «t Edmaneon, Bots» * C* , T#

The per-
Europe has 88,000 births and 24,-
For one moment her strong nerve 800 deaths daily
###PAGE###3###

'

THE GOLDEN KLONDIKE
OOM PAUL IN EXILE.
NATIONS TflEIVB IN TEADE'
*êâ*éê*èéé*êé#éê****g
amount of f pending money of the youth, is really most all the father
In ordinary circumstances can earn. How the Old Man Lives in the
The family of to-day don't seom to Little Town of Hilversum. I HOW THE SWEDES STRUCK XT
!ndulgoutrmo?hortUri't l.’ttertddte The «"*' ecenca the long and HIGH ON ELDORADO CHEEK cluss that are the moat extravagant, adventurous career of the ex-Presl-What possible excuse is there for a ( cn^ ^ “out l African Republic, | Dawson in 1898 man with five or six children to live	t*?° ()uinL°* absorption in
in the most extravagant way, and Lho British dominions, are being en-
when ho loses his money, through no u<,v(1 At\a ,!ttll° t.OWA fmmed liil-fauit of hia own, blow hia bruina out v,*r9'iIn. ,n Holland. According to
every way to the residence of lho ,lrst blg rush occurred, well qualifies experiment was tried several months wealthy Dutch merchants, and of biul to httndl” the subject. The leo ago upon dogs, with some very r<-tho usual type of country houses in turo w"s lll,,str“to‘l by numerous ex- markable results. The animals were
are grounds sur-r®110"1 ‘"ucHgUt views, lly mean» of a breed of runners, and two of equal
one of these views Mr. Wade first speed mid endurance were taken and
that the great pay- especially trained foi the purpose.
the O'10 was given a regular allowance Q0I-Jof whiskey, and the other a ration
BONBONS AS STIMULANTS
About the
Chocolates Said to Be a Long Way Ahead of Liquor.
OLD IRON SOLD AND CHIlfr NEYS ARE SWEPT.
House
It is ft well-known fact among certain business men and women who To day.— aro	become tired before the
Cold Is the Great Obstacle lend of the day's work that two or
three chocolate creams or a piece of sweet chocolate eaten In the middle Mr. F, C. Wade, K.C., delivered a | of the afternoon will have all the
Russia Started in the Old Metaf Trade at the Close or the Crimean War.
$*$**$$*$*»**$*$
to Mining
FOIt SPECIAL OCCASIONS.
The following rocij>ea have been used for years and are without fault. The first one Is known to bo over a hundred years old.
Continental
The idea of a nation going into trade seems at first incongruous, but as the majority of European Governments are constantly getting into financial quagmires they have perforce to make money by selling them selves up in business.
Russia,ilrst started in trade at thi close of the Crimean War. Money was scarce, so the Government, noticing that people were making lota of money by selling the old iron picked up on the battlefields and in Sebastopol, decided to act as auctioneer. Officials were appointed ai mediums between the vendors and purchasers, and for their services is this capacity exacted twelve cent*
I from both parties on every hundred* j weight of metal sold. This brought Russia $75,000 by the time all th< old iron was bought up, says Lon*
I don Tit-Bits.
I Spain goes in for trade whenever her finances want attending to. Two j years prior to the outbreak of the I war with America she decided to turn an honest penny by linen and plate marking. Accordingly an Act was passed making it compulsory for everybody whose income exceeded a certain sum to have their linen and plate properly marked, with an alternative of a $ 100 fine for breaking the law. The Government did all the marking, and earned 87,500,000 before the law was repealed a year later.
Eighteen months passed, and the: Spain decided to take up bookbinding. The Government made it imperative for all new books to bt bound by the State, and supervisee every bookbinding business in thi country. Another law compelled th<
OWNERS OF ALL MULES born within a certain period to takf the animals to Government officials for branding, at a charge of 01 a head, and these two businesses brought versatile Spain in severa. millions.
Italy and France have both mad# a good thing out of their businesses as the national tobacconists. Italy pockets a profit of $40,000,000 a year in this $75,000,000, million from
The Italian Government also clean $15,000,000 a year by the Stall lotteries, retains a monopoly of all the flags used in the country, ana makes a handsome profit by the sala 'v | of snow from her mountains, which a 1 is brought down in baskets by night and sold for refrigerating purposes.
Greece has tried many ways of making money of late, but none of them are very successful. The Government makes and sells all the playing cards used in the country, and also retails a little bronze badge which finds a ready sale at twenty-five cents as the national emblem. These two monopolies produce $2,« 500,000 a year. Sweden goes in for banking, and conducts a State bank which is responsible for a revenue ol $750,000 per annum.
It is rather surprising that Austria should choose the uncongenial occupation of sweeping chimneys in order to raise the lacking millions, but such is the case. Some time ago the Government announced that every chimney must be swept once a month and the Government would do it for
Co ko--Two pounds flour sifted, 1 lb 8 oz » rut ter, 1 It) 8 oz sugar, l lb (1 oz raisins seeded, | Tb citron cut thin, 1 pt milk, 2 eggs, 3 large nutmeg, 1 gill boiled cider. | «111 yeast. Stir butter and spgar to u froth. Boil the milk und* pour it on the elder, put curds and whey warm (not hot)
Known
THE UP-TO-DATE BABY
U bn't correct any more to have i Hoilnnd. There
4rod,l.*tb.,ru,,.,^^	U.,1 ^
beaten, one-third of the froth, butter is uo lo»K«r the proper thing to Hilversum Is a town of about iq . ^>ut,rern boundary of British* ¦ ¦!	I
and sugar, and the yeast. Let it awn!ho tho ,itt,e bo(,y	in yards and	000 inhabitants and is half an I umbia to the Arctic Ocean, a dis-	<>f nugar. After a	period of time
«Ue till very light, then add remain- 3'ftrd" of muslin and	lace and put	hol|r*8 ridf, bv raj, frorn Amsterdam twnce of 8,050 miles, running almost	had elapsed tho two	dogs were taken
*\er of butter and sugar and let it i hi,m tw 1)4x1 in bilJows	of d°wn and	It iH a favorite country rcsidenro nf Parallel with the Rocky Mountains,	out for a long run,	with the result
£ "ss R	I ts&T'snx rst r	"it:
s'-sr.::; i & r.Æ~ srr r^A'SSr.srrtiss skm»**-" ** £.	ss.
rw.s? •—   “-s t.,r.r;rw.rr tr,r,ri:x-5«trd r-~^s»s.rt £r?-TS
son of to-day and Dawson in 3 8081 certain brand of chocolate bonbons each month. The use of candies in the Philippines is explained precipitated I by the army surgeons on the ground into tho camp, and 8,700 horses lay that in tropical countries plenty of dead in the white Pass—a spectacle j sweet is necessary for the preserva-as horrible as	I tion of health. The experiment made
by the men has proved the correctness of tho theory
out
Sister’s Sweet Apple Pudding—One ' comfortable as possible for tho new ' pint flour, 1 scant pint, milk, 8 eggs, j comer. Sometimes they give a sigh 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking for tho P,4°uy how or frill of face,
Mo»r and apples^ alt orna I big. till nil j nurscry is 0,10 of them-	with hu-gonotai
luncheon Mr. Kruger takes a siesta. The Swedes, who are a remarkably I eminent with! I	III
which lasts till 4 o'clock in the after- law-abiding people, took tho notice ; grog This was noon. He then goes for n drive in n in it* literal sense, and staked claims beer," hut a stiff glass of the ardent, carnage leuiiug the former nrma “I ‘'long lho creek. These claims j it was supposed to give men tho and escutcheon of the Transvaal, haie since turned out to bo tho rich- strength and necessary courage to go and returns to the house by six est in the district, and average $L,-| into battle and win. That was o clock. It pleases the old man 50J'to 8J.OOO -to the running foot. I long time ago, but tho no distant greatiy to observe tho general re- I he climate, of course, presents future may see a ration of sweet spect which he meets with from all one of the chief obstacles to mining chocolate distributed to the gunners classes of the public, and even tho operations. Everything is frozen just before the signal to begin firing children strike up tho Boer national solid, and no shaft is ever sunk so hs given This is no idle dream but anthem which everyone knows in deep as to get below the frozen line, the result of scientific investigation, Holland, as ho passes by. Ho takes The curious fact was stated and | which has made this generation supper at half past six. and retires proof furnished on the canvas that healthier than its predecessor, and invurialUy at 8 p.m.	on .Inhuary 15th last year the ther- which should make the next one
His undaunted spirit does not ap- mometer dropped as low as	'nearer perfection
Shss&sr ÏK ™"roRBES 1,EL0W ZEB0 «3,£ü“lsr,£,“
country, and from time to time he At thjs P»‘nt the ordinary ther- subject of discussion for many years observes, ' 'Wo are strong as ever we mo meters are put out of business, as to come. If, however, the time has v\(*to ; we can continue this light ,n(i miners say, and only a spirit in- | arrived when alcoholics are no long-right along, and will never,admit de- dicator will show the temperature. Cr used as a stimulant for those who feat: ' brave, but ill-considered ex- ibo miners in their playful way have. need something to make possible the pressions from tho lips of this most a habit of affixing long strips of pa- completion of their tasks, a greater remarkable old man whose name will per at the bottom of tho thcrmoinc- stride has been taken in the direc-
............
The apples should he sour on or taken off, and easily folded. The Natives Are Said to Make goes below 40 tho miners do not enough to require a great deal of T he jacket is of a very light drab	Excellent Soldiers.	work their horses or mules.
mm mmmmm
is Somaliland was created a protccto-	IV /	'
ticular colored ground the title of in 1891. In each of these districts s.ltfsfllction of tho former his unit. Thiswllibcacurvedatrip the ruling powers have erected and ' SomeTthc termsZpioyed
”” " “•w’ “al1
tho authority of the instance> ono of t*hc old timers.
who cooked his food in this way before Eastern yeast cakes were introduced. “Slops and sinkers" arc known In the effete East as coffee and doughnuts.
after the great fields was Then 80,000
rush to the gold shown on tho canvas.
men were
THE FIELDS OF WATERLOO
BEYOND A DOUBT
Tho soldier boys find that the feeling of a need of liquor is absent when they have plenty of chocolate or other kinds of sweetness.
was
manner and Franc# with an additional the sale of matches.
necessary to use oven.
Spiced Apples—Four pounds tart I
apple», 2 lbs brqwn sugar, 1 pt, good | The British Army’s Future Fight-
nnmon, 1 teaspoon whole cloves, 1 teaspoon whole allspice. 2 or 8 pieces flake mace, 2 small pieces preserved upon tho new military uniforms in ginger root. Faro apples and halve ; detail, and the transformation of tho them if largo; leave whole if small. I soldier is expected to commence Boil sugar, vinegar and spices toge- I about the middle of the year, says ther, and drop in apples and ginger the London Daily Mail, cut in pieces about an inch long, j Tho ceremonial dress will be the Boil gently till apples are tender, re- 1 full dress at present used, and will move apples to covered jar, boil liquid bo worn with u cap for walking out, it if a nl« rich syrup. Pour hot i while the service dress—the lighting over apples,
ready for use; or if kept in a cool pluco they will keep a long time.
( odd led Apples—Wash thoroughly unripe, dark green, sour apples. Put them in a porcelain-lined or agateware kettle, cover with water and let them boil i ill tender. Four into a
Colander and cook. Throw away tho ! warm weather at home, and also water that drains from them. Rub with tho addition of warm, undcr-them through the colander with ft ! clothing for wear in winter. It con-wooden
a daily allowance of no army canteen
ing Kit.
Tho War Ofllco has at lust decided
kit—will be an entirely new one, of special material, replete with tho latest improvements, and designed alike for rough wear and comfort.
The service dress is, in fact, designed with a view to furnishing a comfortable uniform, light enough to 1)0 worn on service abroad and in
a ro
*
i
the
spoon or
masher, tin* cores and «kins wiil|U
to be thrown away. Add sugar and a hint of cinnamon to taste
re-
main behind,
a fee of .35 cents per chimney.
ALL THE CHIMNEY-SWEEPS
in the country were pressed into the Government's service, for no competition was allowed, and Austria managed to accumulate $4,000,000 a year in this manner, in addition to fines of $50 each, which people were compelled to pay for breaking the regulation. Moreover, the Government built and conducts swimming baths throughout the country, and
500,000 a year by her
THE GUNS OF THE MIKASA
an
The trials of the improved Elswick gun mountings for the barbette guns of the Japanese battleship Mikasa seem to prove that they are a long way in advance of anything yot in use in tho British navy. From the after barbette, firing unaimed shots, tho gun was on one occasion loaded | rea|jzcg §7, and fired in thirty seconds, nil im- st ate lotteries.
prove ment	twelve seconds on the j There is evidently a large profit at-
best previous performance. But the j Cached to pawnbroking, or Franc# most remarkable result was achieved ; Wouid not interest herself in the by the forward barbette, which, fir- business in addition to her trade ic ing aimed rounds from one gun, got tobacco. The Mont-de-Piete at Pari# oil three shots in a net period of 97 j jg the national pawn-shop, which the seconds, or at an average rate of one | Government conducts, and it bring# round in 33 1-3 seconds. As, how- | jn the very respectable revenue oi ever, tho gun’s crew was merely a $5,000,000 a year. Anything maj scratch lot. it is probable that the pawned there, from.a coffin to an Mikasa will beat this performance elephant—both of which it may be in the future. She will at any rate mentioned, have figured among the approach the rate of two rounds per pledges before now—and money is gun per minute, which mentis that j |cnt at the rate of 7 per cent. in« from her four 12-inch guns alone she (crest, will be able to hurl three tons of I steel at an opponent, within that | for France time
HINTS FOB WASH DAY
1 he waist
down the center of the buck. It
Try washing red table linene in water in which a little borax has been dissolved.
Add a few drops of ammonia to tho blue water to whiten the clothes.
Clothes turned right side out, carefully folded and sprinkled, are half ironed.
Sprinkle salt on a wine stain and pour hot water through till it is gone. *
Wot fruit stains with alcohol or pour boiling water through them.
Kerosene in the boiling water whitens clothes safely, especially such as arc yellow from lying. Put in a tablespoonful to each gallon of suds.
not at all to tho
by
the great coats
A lioaddres* of new design of thick I solely under
with broad brim and ventila- I Resident or Commissioner.
Tho new order combines these separate organizations into "The Trousers are to be of drab mixture I King's African Rifles," under a Brig-tartan, made loose from the waist adicr-Gcneral, whose headquarters to tho knee, and only reaching to will be Entebbe, Uganda, lie will the top of the boots. These are be under the supervision of the never to lx1 worn in public without | British Foreign ()flin''|||||||||||l|||||||||||||||l|||||
felt,
tion perforations, has been decided on to bo worn abroad only.
and will
l^ |||||| |||| ||||| ||||||||||||||||| |||||||||||||||||||| |||||||||||||| ||| spcn ( a , The leggings are to be of brown I land, advising the Foreign Seen i-or very yellow or grimy things, | jeather, with brass removable studs | tnry. The resultant army is describ-mako an emulsion of kerosene, clear
WISE SAYINGS
Better to lose your argument than
ed ;<s the nucleus of a new native It's a wise man who can be silent army for colonial defence ; but really the first step in the direction of making colonies out of the titular others can serve them, protectorates, which in two cases Some churches mistake racket for
results in their machinery.
Tho worst cares to take care of are those we borrow or steal.
Wherever you go carry the oil of kindness in the can of courtesy.
It is easier to recover from a noble failure than from an Ignoble suc-
..	-¦	, . down the front.. These will take the
hmc water and turpentine in equal placo of wk-boots
Shako them together until
for mounted with
is on any subject.
Only those who sympathize with
Other trades are well represented,
also runs a theatre and
paru
^	, ,	, . A v , troops and will be provided —
creamy, then add n cupful to a boil- HpUr	Tlie spurs are of a new
*rful of clothes and bod for half an pattern, light and easily adjustable.
bo,,r*	, ,	_ ,	Cardigan jackets of brown wool,
The fame emulsion is good for very | druwcrH of Shetland worsted* dirty things, such as jumpers, overalls, working qhirts, children’s troua-Use it in conjunction with strong suds, ns hot as the hand can bear, and rub a little directly upon greasy spots clothes stand five minutes before Wash!
does a big business as a soap merchant. Ruscia more or less controls
Switzerland is surely the earthly I playgoer two cents for her supervision, the $830,000 derived from
have come under British supervision by way of "chartered companies.” It will not lie long, probably, before the Residents or Commissioners are succeeded by Governors, and tho protectorates become colonies in name as well as in fact.
TRAVELLER’S EL DORADO
yarn,
fatigue comforters and Bedford cord pantaloons are also to bo issued.
.A soldier who was asked what he thought of tho new uniform was not at all pleased. ; "but it’s something to be thankful for," he said, "that
they ain't giving us the fireman’s The natives have shown themselves iug out, and be sure to have the j ‘frying-pan* yet."	to be excellent soldiers ; they have
d suds and the rinsing water as | ms opinion of the tartan trousers been put to severe tests in several hot as the first.	lis interesting : "Nothing good in tho expeditionary movements, and have
If coffee is spilt on linen the stains	new uniform ?" ho said. "Oh, but	left little	to be desired.	Detach-
may be removed by soaking the part j	there is, though. Don’t you know	ments from	two battalions	of the
in clear, cold water, to which a lit-	they’re going to put us all in tartan	Central Africa Rifles visited	England
tie borax has been added, for twelve |	trousers—drab tartan, like tho pic-	a year ago,	and made a good ilabours.	| turc of the fat boy you see in ad- pression; and the new force can pro-
If the stain is from tea or fruit do vortisemcnts ? That’s a clever idea bubly bo filled several times over not put the articles in cold water, or I jj y0U	When they wear in holes from natives . who apply for enlist-
the stain will become set. Simply wo 8bon able to mend ’em, and ment. Six battalions—regiments in pour boiling water over it until it I yQU won’t know patches from pat-1 everything but name—are to be cre-disappears, which it will do If quite |	They're going to be
fresh
paradise of the commercial travel lei At all of the principal stations "com- this source going towards the main-
incrcial season tickets" are issued to tenante of the Empress Marie Foun-propcrly accredited commercial tra- dation, an institution for the poor
enabling them to travel ns of the land. Germany keeps a corps often as they please over all of the of house-cleansers which she loans Swiss railway lines. ,The charges for spring-cleaning at a profit of SE-such unlimited service arc ab- COO,000 per annum, and Hesse acts surdly low— $22.50 for first-class, as a matrimonial ag^ iit by taxing $15 for second-class for a period of ber bachelors oxer the age of thirty days. But in spite of these l,lirty low charges tho number of licensed travellers representing English firms during last year is returned at tlrir- The following advice to smokers is ty-four only. This is out of a total given by the Royal Academy of Bel-of 19,125 duly licensed travellers. giurn: "Do not use moist tobacco.
since nicotine then escapes with tho vapor and is not decomposed. Do not smoke either while fasting or a short time before meals. When smoking cigars or cigarettes always use an amber, meerschaum, horn, or cherry holder. Nicotine vaporizes at 250 degrees and the portion of it which is not decomposed in the centre is attracted toward tho tip, and accumulates there, it is, therefore, prudent ta throw away the last quarter of a cigar. Do not smoke a pipe which has a short stem. Of all methods of smoking, the cigarette is the least offensive."
ers
vcllern
Let tho
CCHS.
Some sermons wither in the pulpit because they have not been watered with prayer in the ef-dy.
If people could be induced to bring their lungs to the level of their living the world would be a good deal quieter.
for
secon
ADVICE TO SMOKERS
SPEED OF QUADRUPEDS
A correspondent says that, us the result of experiments he has made under careful -timing, ho finds that the greyhound is tho fastest 01 all four-footed animals. When going at full gallop it can cover twenty yards a second, or about a mile in a mtoute and twenty-eight seconds—a speed that conics very near that vf a carrier pigeon. There are few thoroughbred horses that can exceed nineteen yards a secondgg hounds have been known to better that by four yards. Foxhounds have a record of four miles in six and a half minutes, or nearly eighteen yards a second some extent wolves can run at the rate of a mile in three minutée. Nansen says that
THEY WANTED A REST.
A Scottish congregation presented their minister a sum of money, and sent him off to the Continent for a
holiday.
A gentleman just come from the Continent met a prominent member Of tho church, and said to him:
"Oh, by-the-bye, I met your minister in Germany ¦HËHHHI very well, he didn't, look as if ho needed a rest."
"No," said the church member, very calmly, "it was na' him; it was the congregation that was needin' a rest."
made a ted ; two Central Africa and two short so that wo shan't get 'em Uganda battalions, and one East muddy, wide at the hips and narrow Africa and one Somaliland battalion, downward—I call that neat." But These will bo permanent organiz*-Florctta Vining writes as follows: j this was all In the way of ear- tions, officered by officers detached It is barely possible I may be grow- casm.	from their regular command. In
ing rusty myself, bdt I see children	—.....ô 1	-	view of the successful development of
ten years old and upwards who mon-	YOUTHFUL M P *h	* the native Indian troops, which have
opolize the entire conversation at a	v	, certain p0rcentnge of white officers
dinner table, of their mothers and It Is stated that in the present appointed permanently, it is possible fathers where there are guests, and British House of Commons there are , that a similar system may be intro-fault with the food, and a good share no fewer than seven and twenty mem- | duced in the King's African Rifles, of the time of the waitress is taken bers under thirty years of age-a re-up in satisfying them. When I was I cord which cannot be paralleled. In a girl I had to sit still, say nothing, | one of the parliaments of James I.,
1 _ what was given me, and 1 however, there were forty members what Î accepted on my plate I was who were under twenty years of age obliged to cat. Children are not A statute of William III. renders brought up like that now. The void the election of any person who waste of good fbod and the is not twenty-one years of age.
TOO INDULGENT MOTHERS.
He was looking
Grey-
Th is speed is to an inherited gift, as
Mistress—"Tho dishes you have put on the table of Into, Bridget, have been positively dirty thing's
Bridget—"Yis, mum, would ye moind j Siberian dogs can mum, get tin' dark-colored wans?" * miles on ice im five hours

Two pounds of tobacco per head 01 the population are imported
In Austria the law obliges miners ! into Britain; but it is calculated that travel forty-five | and mine-owners to contribute to a | each smoker, on an average, cous urn,
les pound* in a y oaf.

and eat
r|v
Now, some-bo done about It."


pension fund.






###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY. Thc MONTREAL CAZETTE
Fop Spring
MASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
if"""*
SHAWVILLE
Ilaa its own sp dents nt Ottawa and Quebec for the i sessions of the Dominion Parliament i and of the Provincial Legislature both of which opened on Feb. LI. The re pyrts will be full, impartial and roll-liable.
f COITVSPOI
SHAWVILLE, FEB. 27, 1902.
WARE-ROOMS
House-cleaning :
The prc'eminary invealigation in the St. James division of Montreal election v ise, is revealing some das'ardly crooked-neaa on the part of the Liberal machine which operated against Mr. Bergeron, the Conservative candidate in that election.
We are still in It, and prepared to supply the Best Line of Farm Implements in the Market.
,We are showing a beautiful Range of
SPECIAL OFFER
Wall Papers.
in view of the above events. THE GAZETTE will be sent, to new sub-scriben* daily for Three Months on receipt of One Dollar.
Address orders to
fttCMARO WHITE, President,
Gazattk Phixtinu Co.,
Montreal.
In the auditor-general’* report of payment for printing and adrertieing for lut b#cal year, the Montreal Herald, the government’* English organ in Montreal, is down for the enormous sum of $51,763, namely, $2,697 for advertising and $49,008 for printing. No newspaper or prin'iog office in Canada ever before roached that sum.
NEWEST DESIGNS ! NEWEST SHADES !
A large variety to choose from.
1


ttiLes
WUSSfV
tvx

I
stenmt
SElOfil
Also Pure Ready-Mixed
House and Floor Paints
Kalsomine, Whiting, Glass and Putty.
P
The referendum measure introduced by as may after the basis on which the federal Premier Ross in the Ontario Legislature | subsidy is calculated, secure to the prova few days ago is being criticized in most j mces an executive control over their pub-unmerciful terms on all sides. A good j lie properties and or or the railways within many strong Liberals throughout the their limits, the imposing of export duties country arc out in condemnation of the | on the products of their fvret's and mines
and confer up >n the government of Great Britain the right of di«allowingprovincial laws now exercised by that of Canada.
There is a corront belief here that this motion is of ministerial inspiration and that consequently it w.il be adi p'td by a maju. ity vote of the House.
m-
9
X
Broad-cast Seeders, Hoe Drills, Shoe Drills,
Steel Land Rollers of the latest and most
improved makes.
Samples on hand for inspection. See them before buying.
measure, denouncing it as a cowardly piece of duplicity. In all their varied and tried experiences never was a more deadly weapon aimed at the prohibitionists thin the Russ Referendum.
KF" Get our prices on CARPETS before buying elsewhere.
MACFARLANE BROS.
The Canadian PaciBc have closed the deal for the purchase of a large quantity of land, at Maisonneuve, adjacent to the City of Montreal, whereon to erect their proposed workshops and ether buildings,
which are expected to be larger than j ,^e Tuesday was participated in by 1 anything of the kind in tha world. The j Hon. R. Scott, Hon. D. Ferguson .and | price paid for the land is about $400,(XX); Hon. Dandurand. The last named Se the estimated coat of the shops is $1,- j nator said lie hoped within two years ^'00,000, and they will employ about 1 they would have a SO foot channel from 7.000 men.	I Montrant t.> rm He advocated
O
Georgian Bay Canal
SMART & SMITH’S.
1—
1902
1902
The debate on the address in the Se-
A HBWLY REBUILT MILL !
QLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS '
Montreal to the sea utilizing the French river route but this The Dominion Government wi.l intro | was only one liuk and he thought the «luce tn the Commons a measure to avori j country should give full attention to id this country calamities such as befel I Georgian Pay | anal at as early a our American neighbors in the aw«a?sina-1 d&te as possible.
tion of President McKinley, me ohm:.............t-,....—* : - ;..... —— —
will contain exactly the same provision as imperative. 1 lie Georgian Day Canal the United States enactment. That is to | yf national imjiort. If they only cap-say, death
wherever an attempt is made at assassina tlon, and the conspirator will bo held ! would not have to discuss which M the v {ually to account with the instrument | national port ^ employed to execute the purpose
1901
1901
OR
Th„ u,„ j	i i»,«Lrerot“toe "
OREMOST
URNITURE.
in You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established, No, sir !
We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stccK of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Pan Es Rit;ht.
penalty will be exacted tured , ne quarter of the trade whieh >mnf ia marin at	I Czifiiulii S llllVe Mol1. tl’Vril MZlll ^*lU'b(ÎC
We are meeting your demand for cheap, dium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
;. Towns would spring up all along the route of the canal and lean y nrs wouli ceace to be heard <>f.
me-
Hon. James McMullen, for years the representative of North Wellington in the House of Commons, has found refuge in the Senate, to which House of Parlia ment be often contemptuously referred as “the hospital for political incurables.” James was badly “sickened” at ..... the general election of 1900, and it does | , ? board or trade t.ie question of Great not surprise us that he should turn his *>,rltam giving a preference to Canadian eyes in the direction of the Red Chsm producti was discussed and on motion of her, which according to hie own estimate , r. R°o0,t Meighen, tho following reio-
•uits his condition te a knock down	tutiin was adopted
“ That this meeting Is of opinion that
Great Britain can serve best her own. in-ft has been announced that the Govern- tercet and that of her colonies by adopt ment of Canada will not disallow the act iog such change in her fiscal policy as of the Ontario Legislature extending the will give Canadian products a preference term of its existence beyond the time for over the products of foreign countries, it which the members were elected. The being believed that such preference wolud Premier took the position that themes- stimulate trade aid develop colonial enter-sure was altogether a domestic one and en price, and, moreover, serve to make, the tin-ly within tie purview of the body cMimiee aitoictive, not only to the larye which enacted it. It is at least satisfac number of British subjects emigrating tory that the federal ministers do not annually from the British Isles but also make any excuses for an act that has no to the surplus population of other counprecedent in British constitutional history tries, and at the same time benefit Great since Queen Anne's time, and that is ms Britain by largely freeing her from de-dangerous in its tendency as it is outrage- pendence upon foreign countries for her ous to common sense*—Montreal G. zette. Id d supplies. ”
Montreal Approves
JAMES WILSON.
BOARD OF TRADE ADVISES A BRITISH PREFERENCE FOR CANADIAN PR DUCTS
We have also a A ret-class
ortmenfc of
Montreal, Feb. 20.—At a meeting of
THE FAVORITE
CHAfUiRS llODKRATK. SATISFACTION <i VAR ANTRIM)
TERMS RZS.ASONABI.K.
PERSONAL ATTENTION
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
GOOD STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
T "miLLi Hash is King.
SASH and DOOR '	°
A RIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
wAINMAN’S.
Beginuing with the New Year I lia re decided to conduct my baai ness on a new basis, by selling for
FACTORY
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS % SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we havo a variety in stock.
( Formerly McCredie & Hedging)
CASH AND FARM PRODUCE ONUT.
Is again built up
A copy of the readutit n will be $3nt to the imperial authorities.
A number of orders in council hare recently been parsed transferring to the list of articles, which may be imported into Canada free of duty, certain articles entering into Canadian | fv.ni» torn able them to com to canai> <
imported by
manufacurera for using in their own factories. The articles are as follows
and
By thin method f expect to be en a bled to dispose of goods at the smallest possible margin of profit to myself and a corresponding advantage to those who favor me with their esteemed patronage. :
Welsh Settlers
ready for business.
A full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
Toronto, (hit., February 19.—An Even ing Telegram's special London cable aaya:
Hemp bleaching compound for the ma-1 The suggestion offered by Mr. Chamber-nufacture of rope. This is raw material not i yesttrday t> the deputation which preduced in Canada, bnt needed be Can- j waited on him on behalf of the Welsh adian cordage manufacturers.	'	| settlers in Patagonia, viz., to inaguratj a
Silver tubing for the manufacture of, house subscription in order to raise l eilverware. Silver tubing is not made in fund to hire a transport to convey the Canada.	, settlers to Canada, was acted upon, the
Steel, for the manufacture of cutlery j Colonial Secretary contributing 4*20. and scissors. No high grade ateel. - After the luncheon given by the chairman such as used in cut'ery, i@ made in ! of the delegation, Sir John Llewellyn Canada.	| at once announced that 4*1,500 had si
Yarn of jute, flax or hemp, for the ma-1 ready been subscribed, nufacture of towels. This yarn is not There are. it is said, over 1,500
made in Canada.	j Welsh settlers in Patagonia, and their re I *ig»ed will Ik* received un
Steel castings in the rough, for the j verses, on account of bad weather and IL,1C 4thJjay of March for t> manufact ure of scissors and hand cars. I loss of crops, have induced them to appeal All articles entering into the construct-1 for assistance i m and forming parts of cream separators
Cream separators are free under the I was unfavorable to asking the Imperial tariff, and it is thought that the Cana Government for either a transport or dian manufacturer of such articles should financial assistance to aid the Welsh I The order gives A. NV C. Tread gold, be allowed to import materials which settlers to remove from Patagonia to | Sir Thomas Tencred and other members enter into their manufacture, without I Canada payment of duty
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH VP TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
jlG. e. wainmanT shawville.
With many thanks for past favors I wish all my customers the compliments of the season, and trust the year 1902 may be to them one of prosperity and happiness. : ; : ;
P. S.-Highest pries for Hides and Pelts.
A full stock of Doors. Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
Silas Young,
Tenders for Secretary.
THE MARKETS.
Sealed Tenders addressed to the under
till Monday e office of Secretary Treasurer of the Municipal Council of the Village of Shawville.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 68 to 73c. Flour per barrel, $8.40 to $3.80 Oats per bushel, 40 to 45o. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75o. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush. Rye, per bueh. 45 cents.
Kggi, per dozen, 00 to I5c. Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Ducks, per lb. 0 to 7 cents. Chickens, per lb. 5 to 0 cent». Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cent».
Starke’s
Corners.
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
A. SMILEY
It is understood that Lord Strathcona Feb. 4. 1902.
Mayor
Here it is! |STT The Place
of the syndicate titlo in fee to all lapsed on vacant placer claims on Hunker, Bear Another order in council has been I ferred to above occupy 70,000 acres, di-1 and Bonanza Creeks, acd all their tribu pused, providing for the payment of a vided into 250 farms, where no produce taries. This includes El Dorado Creak, drawback of the duty paid on imported can be grown without irrigation, and the richest in the world. This leaves of materials used in the manufacture of ma- where the recurring floods have proved the paying creeks only Dominion, Gjld-ehinery, and structural iron and steel; disastrous. The transporting of this run and Sulphur and Indian river that] Pork per 100 lbs., $7.00 to $7.50 for use in the construction and equip agricultural colony te Canada is advocated] will remain open, ment of factories for the manufacture of strenuously by the Welsh delegation, sugar from beet rcof. This is authorized The Daily Chronicle today aays by an amendment which was made to the Surely the Canadian Government might tariff last session.	! advance the money required, and take
chance of being repaid at a future date. ”
About 1,500 of the Welsh settlers re-
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in,
Till, Ag&t© and Bn* nee» I have just placed in position a mall a/1 Worû	! *»i of flrst-class machines for the^aan
aineueu W are.	1 ufactur* of all kinds of
Beef, per 100 lbs., $3.75 to $4.00 Wool, per pound. 14 to toe.
r
Insuring the King
Pelts, each, 40 to 30c.
Hides, $4.75 to $5.00. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each
Two Toronto life insurance companies
¦ OTTAWA ¦¦
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
“ pails, 19 to 20c. per lb Eggs, fresh. 30c. per uoz. Potatoes, 86c. per bag. lamb, 7 to 10c. per lb. Mutton, 6 to9c. per lb.
Beef, && to 7c. per lb:
Pork. $7.25 to $7.75 per 100. Chickens, GO to 95c. a pair. Oats, 47 to 48c. per bushel. Hay, $6.50 to $9,00 per ton. Wool, 12 to 14c. per lb.
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Roofing and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BÏ0S
Doors,
Mouldings, . Turnings, &o.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.

Thanking my many customers for their literal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future in crease in business.
educational system.	| j
“That the interpretation given to I fields
rarious clauses of the constitution has en- • Business men of Dawson see ruin star-1 A Greek has started a very deair-dangered the existence of our local insti- j ing them in the face. It is said that un- j able crusade by bequeathing two millions tutioos, and that the government of leas action istaken at Ottawa immediately, ' and a half of dollars towards abolishing the province of (juebec in asking the G weeks will ses Dawson a deserted camp poverty in his country, The cure will The Dominion Government will sr «ml parliament * « lotted kingdom to A monster mats meeting was in progress, be efficacious as long as the medicine] much money this year in making th« unke such changes in the federation act when the message Was sent.	I holds cut.	Yukon river navigable	g
•»
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.


L
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY, I
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Court Shawville,
t i.ar
A Weekly Journal denoted to local Internets.
PUBLISH BD EVERY THURSDAY
AT 8HAWVILLK, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
WÊ No «toppoil nntll all arrearages ara paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
\ Ko *78.
1 Neels tbelth Wed nee-j I day of every month,
I Court dueemust be paid y promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited. I
Glimpses
t«w
LBX
of Spring.
J. A. Cowan,R.8
H. B. Barnett, F.B
:o
John Beckett, C. R.
ADVERTISING BATE»
Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind the general public that
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIfN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
k ns e
„K8sa$2:
SSB5ESÎESÊF -
WE HAVE THE H|0ST UP-TO-DATE FARM MACHIN----------ERY OH THE MARKET
Early Arrivals of Spring Goods at
SSS2F- r w	Cl,.
Good Shampoo, oe i§§B A Clean Shave.
as a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
'.ffiBBMüBiîSSSSg
Birth, marriage aud death notices pub-reninpoMtne”180bllUAr^ P°*try three
T^e Up-to-Date Store I
Your Turn next
P
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING.
AH hind* of Job Printing neatly and ebWjlyeEeouWd. Order# by mall promptly
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
Note.—Polo can be arranged
for two, three or four horses, instantly without pole. Made in nine different sizes from 10 to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side hills and turning at end of furrow.
Our First Shipments consist of.........
New Dimity Muslins : Fancy Spots, Plain, Fancy Stripes (silk effects); Organdies and Plain Lawns.
New Mercerized Sateens, Fancy Japanese Silks, and Beautiful Delaines in stripes and checks, for Spring Blouses ; new Laces and Embroideries.
New Lace Curtains and Netting.
Zephyrs, Prints and Ginghams are here in abundance.
See our Fine Mercerized Sateen Underskirts with deep accordeon-plaited frill.—Splendid value at $1.50 and $1.90.
FURNITURE DEALEI{ AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVTLLE, - - QUE.
removing
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.^.f M.D.,C.M.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Fune ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dnv and night
Graduate of McGill Vnivhilsitt,*
0 Hoe—Residence of the lato Dr. H. II Knox, Shawville.
dice hours —Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
F. T. M. C.
(iuduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Mod. College, Toronto. Omc* akd Reiioknu* : J. II ÀaMeraaav's House, MAIN STREET
District and Country.
SiUWVILLK
Winnipeg is agitating for Sunday street
LEGAL.
ear#
Col. Pebbles, former Police Magistrate 1 I of Winnipeg, is dead.
Mr. Charles. Kreesin, of Galt, was killed hy falling down stairs.
Another important strike of natural gasa is reported at Hapworth.
An old man named Valentine was frozen to death near Burleigh Falla.
Wolves are reported very numerous in the wilds of Halibut ton and Muskoka.
Otto •SjliroediV, »g)d 17, was run over! in the Canadian Atlantic Railway yards, I
CEO. C. WRIGHT, .............
Mr. William Hamilton, one of the foremost manufacturer of Psterboru'. is
deed.
Waller Gordon was committed for trial Phone No. 1384.	1 at Boissevaio, Man., for the murder of
¦“*“ ‘ " “'isHissUggw^s mgsMM
rioyod.
BOORBEAII RAINVILLE, L. L. L.
There is no other Store within your reach where you can choose from so many Patters, Colorings and Fabrics as here.
i
ADVOCATE
BRYSON,
• #
Headquarters for
WM. GAMBLE,
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room «56, Trust Building. No. 4d Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawville, second mod fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main St.
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, «Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
G.F.HODGINS.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER* AC ,
or TEK PROVINCE Of qOKBSC
trust Buildings
48 Spark* Street, Ottawa.
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
J. F. GRONAU
ARTHUR McCOMEELL, I. C. L
ADVOCATE.
LAW CHAMBER# j
f
A’c ir Bain. a	bartender was
MAIN STREET 1	snd 0t"b* f ,r filing cigarettes
HULL, QVR to je.enilre.
Mr. John Tuohejr, who hid reached
the ripe o!d age of 102 y «in, died at the Ap order has passed oouaeil directing ___	home of his daughter, Mrs Patrick pe- that the U# take its course in the case of
..-ssrasëswtis»	z-W'"" mart sswjss
Bw—%
the locks of their ce I# and escaped. child. It is understood that she has mide . iQ l4Ugar the vote was 3,393 for Mr.
Kingston City Council by a vote of 1 confession.	Stewart, the Liberal nominee ; 2,332 for
SS; «SSaâ&SS
shawville	8tedl to the backcone, 3i inch handle. Price
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,	one of the best known merchant. in Mb- to°- Mr. S.fton’. victory is «17 roil. ZO COntS ; postage 5 COntS.
EBEEHH: ttea m ^
k	.	Mr. âliohMlBehso, of Biwide, pMwd ,1111 l,m,. fl. i.isidto l. l.rg.ly in
ÙL,.is...	asShs.-DS5SSl&iTdC SSi'&r'S SSSTJS
unlay or every weea.	| Hail way Company, with headquarters at for a numter of years, and was well probably remain in Canals until March
Kingston. ^	I knoirn throughout a large section. The
Rudyard Kipling is on the voters' list funeral will take place this morning to the
- r^.rr::::r ™
and satisfactory manner. Goode or article* | wa/ [0 v,imSe of any kind taken end disposed of by publie
or private sate on reasonable term*. Pub-	...	*	_ _ ~ ^	_
Ho salsa oondueted at 8hawvllle ones a dividend of 2 per cent, on the preferred They come to $47,845,038 for current
îr.°nÀ r’ir t.mfiiTTMl **TiiY* "" ,nl 8$ per oeot. on the oommon «bock for expenditure and $5,516,600 for capital
rr.ta-------------------
Egeria, which went in search of the war fche msin 8,1 tel yWe	! that made at the Ruaaell House, Ottawa
ship Candor. The Egexia’s studding boom James Barclay, of Richmond, Ont., j last Wednesday, when Mr. J. U. Booth I lathe Superior Court before Judge has been picked op.	94 years of age, attempted to end his life I bought for $655,000 Mr. Wm. Mackey’s Reckon, in Hull, on the 13th inst., the
lest week by hanging, when he was no- j timber limits on the Amable du Ford i |œt of the evidence in the case of Ls-
Lt'sHrS pSiSlijilüEISS sasFgjffig
he could no longer endure the torture j two when Mr. Pete Ryan of Toronto, the j conflagration in Hull two > cars ago. The
The City Saving Bank of Detroit has *od determined to end his life. Barclay | well known auctioneer, stood on the main | dispute is over a small piece of land _
been taken posaesaiun of by a receiver, wis taken to Ottawa jail.	[staircase io the rotunds, and opened the which pi aiotitf alleges, has been flooded 777
owing it is said, to improper advances .	m_n -An	byasying ‘To use an old classic | inJ rendered useless by the construction	J!?,	departments.—
.... to	c.... J:,	g I
###
employe?» of every elite.	U looked forward to with deep interest	[ Mr. W. C. Edwsidi M. P	begin the
The Winnipeg City Council decided by	by the few who know of the scheme,	bidding, by offering $200,000, but this
a majority of one to accept Mr. Carnegie's Success means millions. — Watchman, i ||r. Ryan would not accept, and the
$75,000 library offer. A motion in favor Beat The World’s Rkcoed Burr bidding began again at $3)0,000, and London, Feb. 10.—The Admirably	« , M	.
of Sunday street cars was	defeated by a	pstch, " owned by George Jamison, of	wen* UP to 125,000, when	Mr. Booth	naval estimates	for	1002-3	show a total cru$iers	two
similar msjority.	Renfrew baat the world's record for five	offered $660,000. Meta.ri H.	K. Kgan,	of $156,275,000,	as compared with $54 tc e cr
James McCash’a house near Wmnip % miles at the recent ice races in Ottawa. J. C. Brown, < üyo Osier and others took 375,000 last year.	Mile. Alice Bron*, Bel gam hospital
was burned while Mr. and Mrs. McCaeh Of this remarkable performance The Ot- pi-tin the bidding.	These will be under construction April nurse, returned from South Africa, says
were out	in the barn. Two children	tawa Valley Journal says : Burr Patch,	! ou let iu -i ns of the forest am I cL-red	1st, of this year, thirteen new battleships	her admiration tor	the British basin-
were in the	house, and the elder, aged 4,	the horse that Won the five mild race on	#673 V’ Mr. Ryan	asked but nobody	twenty two srmored cruisers, two second	creased.	She found	the Boers untelisble
ran out and shut the door, cutting off her the Ottawa Hirer ice track Saturday and spoke up. Then Mr. Booth offered $655, class cruisers, two-torpedo destroyers, end untruthful, sod has ^placed her set little sister’s escape.	that is owned by O, Jamiesor, of Renfrew, 1000, and the property was sold to him at five torpedo boats, and eight minor cisfts vices at the disposal of tfie British.
« it i iL v,	i# by Bourbon Pstcben, by Bourbon	that figure.	a total of 62 new vessels, or an additional
it n that that the Kingston	Wilkes. The time made by Burr Patch	“ Tbw magnificent	coniferous property	navy as largess, if not larger, than Italy’s	(,*n-	De Wet e wife says she would
- & Pembroke railway repair shops w«ll not in the five mile race was 12 minutes, 54 is bought by the boldest operator who present navy.	rather see him die than surrender. We
Mor, wr*rW* of the sloop-of-wsr he removed from Kingeton to Renfrew, mcomda, which was 14 second, better | ever was io the Ottawa Valley. ”	Lord Shelborne. first lord of the admir- to rppcee a lady s wishes, but we
Vancouver Islsei.	c V • bonus.	driven by John Burke of Ottawa.	^ ti. K. Egan, U. H. Conroy, H. Robinson important developments are planned in soldiers.
LADYSMITH.
0SEPH RODGERS’
J
W. W. IRELAND,
P*

•id
Clerk of the District Magistrate*' Court
Genuine Pocket Knives
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, peosatioo Mortgage*, etc., executed legally and satis-
iictorily.
Earl Grey, arrives in Ot'awa last week Write for Catatogue of other siaes
McDOHOALL & CUZNER,
Hardware Merchants, • - - Sussex St. Ottawa.
tie
titb. It is reported that his visit to Ca W. H. McAu’iffe, J. R Booth. J. F. nada is partly in connection with the Booth, Walter Mackey. Thorn. Mackie, formatioa of a public house trust similar | M. P., Thos. Murray, M. P , P. Whelen, to that now in operations in England
Sold by All Newsdealers
J. J. TURNER,
. W.
W. J. Perley, G. H. Perley, Alex Fraser, J. B. Fraser, W. Fraser, F. VV. Powell, J. Gilmour, R. Ilurdman, D. Gillies, $650,000. Paid for Wm. Mackey (Claude McLachlin, G. I. Dewar and
Limita by J. R. Booth
p
io.no
?
minion Government were presented to The C. P. R. has declared the usas! | Parliament on Monday of last week.—
i>
M

»
others

Si

Expensive Litigation
MOTELS.
Fyffilshes Monthly to all lovera of Hong and Music • vast volume of *ew. Choice Copyright Composition* by the mont po{>-ular omnon. 64 Pogos of Mono EwaJc. half Vocal, half Instrumental- a» Complot , Floco» foe Flo mo—One# a Month for a«* Cent*. Yearly Subscription. Sa.00. If you will seal ua the name and address of Trwn performers on the Piano or Or* you a copy of the Magazine F
j. W. FSFFS*, Fwhllahor,
«Ighth a Locust Sts., Philadelphia, Fo
St. Lawrence Hall,
The C P. R Express train from St
•»
Mrs C Me McLeans
Uon. Table and Bar al- injured
Good A eoom
ways well ftimUhed.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
aid
L JEWELLER
By a decision of the United State» Court of Appeal shout 200 soldiers sent to penitentiary by courts martial will be liberated.
The Admiralty haa invited tenders for two battleships of 16.000 tons each, five
A
British Navy
t
KB1M
É8
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
/EWELLRRT.
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.


RarAiai

ASreoiALrrr
SHAÏ7IUE, 0.
And now
L

###PAGE###6###
>%
THE CONGO FREE STATE,
mont service for that of the compaît- BRITAIN AND FRANCE.
_P Owing to the great extent of	-
country and the small number of re- Col. Picquart Sava France Should
HORRIBLE CRUELTIES ARE sponsible Government officials, but a A11y Herself With Britain.
BEING PER PETRATED. «mall measure of supervision cun bo Colonel l’icquart, who was promin’ You will go after business hours,	exercised over these company agents, ent in the defence of Captain Drey-
if you please, Westcotte. We cannot	'	If the Belgians in colonizing the Con- fus, is publishing in the Grande
Stephen Wcstcottç was alone in the spare anyone in the daytime.”	C apt Burrows Says the Stones gQ proe State do not believe that He vue, Paris, a series of articles on
office. Lemmont had not put in an Stephen bowed and. putting the	Are True—Cause of the	the field Is too largo for their of- the military position of France, and
appearance for two days* and a dou- money in his pocket, went silently	Atrocities.	forts, why do they continually on- urging Great Britain as an ally. He
ble share of work had fallen upon back to his work.	‘ Captain Guy Burrows, the senior gage such a large percentage of for- says France has come to the end of
------_	wl . , Stephen In consequence, He hid	‘	"mrlishmun in the employ of the cignera to carry out the work? her military resources, whereas Ger-
llo Was the most disagreeable tel- been working late, but had finished	Conco Free State Government lately Swiss, French, English, Swedes, Nor- many has ample resources with
¦sasweiis
rSHBHf rH™~	sSSVSiSSS EHSSESBHt
further one that he was extremely She was deathly pale, her pretty p k i a mill ont	lol. i can siiv without fear of contra- improvement can be expected while Banco with Germany, * which would
**pe*
made his appearance in the office of against her breast.	particular kindness, so he only until- hearted crusade against the various recruiting of natives
May bury & Son that serious trouble No, indeed. I expect that he is C(1 ancj murmured, “Don’t mention companies holding concessions on the	cleared	t ho
began. It appeared that tho two at dinner by this time.”	lt "	ppper Congo, but It should be noted greatly, but I	doubt whether it was out.
in-gas mmzz
BBS"— ™|«<™-ikS5=?=£: EEShHBH “	EH"™
In the first place ho was a hand- sflaU Mnot l>e nhIc to comc tuu k it, sir; it is a most unpleasant the amount of rubber collected by
some young follow, with handsome again*	, .	. . thing. I am afraid that Westcotte them quite naturally employ every
dark eyes and a well set-up figure; 1,6 wlH ™ here at ten o clock in hns been robbing me. sir.”
then ho was always well dressed and the morning; you can see him then, "How, in Heaven’s name, could was very open-handed with his mon- sait\ 1 t£Pho”’ shortly, as he picked Westcotte rob you?”
[¦Hut, above all this he had a up the office key and put on his hat. .<Ho hftS bcen keeping back a part
pretty little house at Tottenham,	<?®xln°t	/ho df®‘ of ray salary for a month past; only
and a still prettier little wife.	kindly offered o stay with a fcvr shillings, it is true; but even
.«sasrs	•- rr s
KtSiH,m*e 3*ms-m
there was no fun to be got out of	mct with a dreadful ly Up to that time?"
|nm, until presently tho office-boy, accident on Monday night. He fell “Oh. yes, sir, and I am sure I am who was peeping over the wire blind, ' \rom "is bicycle and was run over most grateful. I dare not think of exclaimed:—	'v a van* le (Victor says it will what would have become of us with-
* “Here's Work us coming up the ** months before he can go out out it
¦Bti he l00k tt Shabby'1O0k- 1	said Stephen, eld-
“Well
someone In any case, for 1 want no correspondence with the woman.”
Mr. May bury counted out a little heap of money and handed it to Stephen.
And for once Lnmmont had no word to say in answer.
After that day no one expected to see Wéstcotte in tho office again; but when Monday morning came, there ho was in his place as usual.
T -w
108
?
II
I.
re-
This doubt-I on account of the Fashoda incident field of inquiry and tho South African war will die
NEW ZEALAND’S PROSPERITY.
NEWFOUNDLAND'S ORIGIN.
The Country Is Going Ahead With Leaps and Bounds.
menus in their power to
FORCE THE NATIVES
A Beothuk Indian Legend Not Complimentary to the Country
ÏÉS
tho agents of several o tho Upper t flv0	a o( international
Congo companies, but It is worthy ^asperity, and most marked of all	I ¦
of note that, as an almost universal durjng tbe ycar just en(jeci. During I It is probable that few occidental rule, it has been the small agents this year the Government reduced cooks who prepare rice in various who have been punished while those raj|roa(j rates q 0-3 per cent, in pur- forms for diet are aware that in disin the more responsible positions 8Uanco of itH poncy to reduce these carding the water in which it is have escaped scot free. I Ins equally rates whenever the reduction could boiled they are wasting what is reapplies to	be made, and the roads still net the garded by tho oriental as tho most.
THE GOVERNMENT AGENTS. Government enough to pay the in- nutritious part of tho food. This
"The engagement bv the Govern- tcrrat on their bonds. Instead of fact was curiously proved some years
ment and by Urn societies oî employ- causing a deficit, this cut in rates since, when a detachment of Euro-
utterly'unsuitable, to undertake w,ls followed by such an Increase In Peans and native troops in India
the responsibility attached to the du- ""aHie as to yield the Government found themselves beleagured in a fort
more than ever before. Further re- with insufficient rations, even of
ductions were made in its customs rice, to enable them to hold out un-
all til a force could march to their re-
It was a Bcothuk Indian legend suc” ! that when God made tho world he
ev
9 9
there cast away.
We must certainly have
starved.”
street ing chap, that’s all? '
" ‘Work*us' is too good a name for that follow, Tom,” said Lam mont, with a sneer. “A pauper may be re-•pectablei”
“Westcotte does not look very respectable, it is true,” said one.
I'll bet you five that Westcotte comes in another suit on Monday boys,” cried Lammont. “Just tell me when he turns tn at the door.
“He is just a-turning in now.”
Mr. Maybury made no reply. He if you cannot come i struck his lmnd-bell sharply and again you had better write to Mr. waited.
Maybury.”	| “Send Westcotte here,” he said,
T cannot write what I have to j when the boy appeared in answer to say,” said tho poor little creature, it.
“I don't know what to do.”
who had all this time worried.
been gravely studying his face, sud- “Lammont tolls me that you have denly stretched out her little arms been robbing him. Have you nny-with n pretty, babyish gesture.
Ugly man carry Maisie,” she demanded, with a radiant smile.
ly
Stephen came in, looking pale and
The child,
to be seen, and no man to live. Stunted forests
• «
thing to say, Westcotte?”
“No, sir.”
When you first spoke to me about The burning flush rose once more I Lamraont’s accident I gave you a to Stephen's face. He hesitated for message for him a moment; then he opened his arms What message did he bring from me, and the child nestled in perfect con- | Lamm ont?” tent against his breast
I #
vain
Tho
# «
Quick as thought Lammont jumped, off his stool, selected the largest and fullest ink-pot, and, opening the door about an inch, balanced it carefully upon the top. The other clerks looked rather blank. They had never gone so far as this before, and if Westcotte complained there might be trouble. But there was no time to do anything now, for the door was pushed quickly open, and—well, it is wonderful how far a pennyworth of ink will go, in the wrong place.
Westcotte stood glaring at them from the doorway, like an inky spectre. No one smiled, for the look on the man’s face was murderous. Just a moment he stood there, then, lifting the heavy ink-pot ho hurled it straight at Lammont’s head, dashed after it, and the next minute the two men were rolling over and over on the floor, tearing and worrying one another like dogs. It all happened so quickly that no one attempted to stop them until the door of the inner office opened and Mr. Maybury stood on tho threshold.
“Separate those madmen some of
“What is tho
Did you give it?
I remember quite Well, sir. He “Maisie loves ’oo dear, ugly man” I said that it was against your rules she cooed, softly. “Maisie will tiss ¦ to Pa.V anyone who was unable to ’oo if ’oo likes.”	| work, but that you woulçl make an
“I cannot let her trouble you,” ! exception in my case upon condition said Mrs. Lammont. “Maisie. come | that I mentioned it to no one.” back to mother, darling.”
“She is no trouble,” said Stephen, I .vou & most confounded lie,” cried roughly. “You are tired. I had bet-! Mr- Maybury starting from his chair, ter carry her to the ’bus for you.” “And I little thought, Westcotte,
Stephen had locked the office door that 1 should ever be ashamed to and was just turning into the street look »uch a liar in the face. Listen with his unaccustomed burden clasp- j to me, Lammont,” ho Went on, lay-ed close in his arms, when he felt a | in8 his hand on ^Stephen’s shoulder; cold little hand laid on his. and two I “you have not had one penny from tearful grey eyes were lifted to his me since last October, and if you face.	j have escaped starvation you owe it
“Won’t you help me?” sobbed the to Westcotte’s generosity, not to trembling little creature. “I am me.”
sure that I can trust you. Won’t | Frank Lammont cowered in his you speak to Mr. Maybury for me?” ohair as though he had received a “1 will take a message if you wish heavy blow, it. What shall I say?”	"I did not deserve this of you.
Tell him about Frank’s accident, I Wwtcotte,” he moaned.	|
and what tho doctor says of him; 1 know that,” said Stephen, I ties they will be called upon to peril nd ask him, oh, beg of him, not to rou8kly. But I did not do it for form in Africa, coupled with the ro-M IH I I stop his salary, fôr we have saved K011, 80 ^erc is no more to be said.” iterated demands of the Government duties, postal rates, etc., but
Essssgg
.......... _J_ mmm \mm-m
Lnmmont.	know that it is agàinst ‘ his rules-	I sake< 1 know a11 about 1 have ; far as the station of Stanley Falls.	colony was approaching financial cm-	, quite coa^ntJth	i(‘
“Sorry, • indeed! I should think	and Lnmmont has not been in th«	a,wnvs known, although I could not j This gentleman, who, I believe is a	harassment had nothing back of it,	which it was hoiled.	^liv	suggestion
that you were thoroughly ashamed office long.”	prove it.”	..	personal friend of his Majesty King RC('ms- except his statement to ft in place of any better, uas adopted,
of yourselves. Such disgraceful con- When they reached the corner where	yet you did this for nic?M Leopold, on his return home describ-, delegation that new bonds could not when it was r^arked that ^hdc Uie
duct was never hoard of in a respect- the omnibus stood little Maisie part- No’ not for vou; but for yoilr ©d the present administration of tho now 1>C lssucd new undertakings Europeans found it diil.c ill to ma«u-able office. No,” as Lammont was	cd from her new friend with great re-	ch,ld’ who wafl the f,rst Mature on state in tho words, ’regime d’Albini’	^xcopt at, a higher rate of interest,	lam their stiuigtli on	ful	inl	<	is of
about to speak, “I want no cxplana-	lyctanee. clinging to his neck nnd	God's Carth tn treat ine n9 ,f 1 wcro a ¦ (the Albini being the rifle with which	bc<’nuso the rates of interest in the	rice, the natives lost	none
a’Wtr-i sfrar^Mus b rT	mssssrsr1- Thb	sferSiw =
% z/a“LSuirb°;sr7o,s •»ûs^sîsz sn.'cj„sz. r_—.—	«* —,-¦
shake hands wiUi one another, and crying:—	,	. than a month after his last visit In addition to supplying his weekly	' their superior, but the intiment
promise me that this shall be the “Hood-bye. dear, ugly man Mais- thero hc Wn8 dend And now mony quota of rubber, each chief is bound MOTHERS OF GREAT MEN. WaB somewhat 1110,1 1,1 n 1 1 ls“
Spa vzr&zxsis	% Lirs-JïAS^yvs: sr^rsraass 2 ^tsrr- "" -Egr ttifc srsss s
ask me	to shake hands w.th that fel-	bury's private room and delivered ins	Rrey-eycd woman ha. found a rcfupo	,mal drain upon the	native populn-	Gounods mother was fond of	2%:	have éiven	ri”	water	to
....: T, : *	-,...	T-?; =*¦-,5-a	%	.—	i b»:ib"U	c £
What did you say? You had bvt- Maybury. irritably. "Just as we lheJ'SWF4et ^ Krect hlm w,th love supply (on payment) fowls, goats, judge of music, but no musician. oihm bTd can be fetained in ll.o
“V-ra.-i - .	si..-* ,M° - """ —	- «..... .a. asja,1ysssrais „xr\riK¦isfisszis F -,,n — -
hands with a gaol-bird.	' “Mrs. Lammont asked me to say, ,c. bcttor *bftn all-Y of us« Mrs j pany workpeople every week. Incas- terms.	1
And	what do you mean by that?” J	sir, that she hoped you would not	^steotte would often say to her- I ee where	the state accuses the com-	Wordsworth’s mother had a charac-
* Westcotte can tell you better than	stop Lament’s salary, as they have	s 1 Wltb a sigh.—London An- i	panics of	being guilty	of these atro-	ter as peculiar as that of her gifted
I enn, sir. '	nothing else to depend upon.”	swera.	cities it must be borne in mind that son.
You hear, Westcotte,” said Mr. “What?” cried Mr. Maybury. “Not	—;------—	the companies who derive their
Maybury, curtly.	; stop his salary! Is the woman mad? HOMES ON HOLLAND CANAL. means of existence practically from
He means to inform you.” said Docs she expect me to pay someone Holland owes much of its unique the collection of rubber arc in reality fiestcottc, scornfully, that I spent j to do her husband’s work and pay charm and tho Dutch race many of but thinly disguised state enterprises, six months in prison for a theft of him as well? No, indeed. I should its distinctive qualities to the gaily I “In nearly every company cmploy-whirh I was absolutely Innocent.” soon be in the workhouse if I con- painted nnd happily peopled homes ©d in collecting rubber a half or n “They are all innocent,” sneered ducted business on (hat plan ”	that float serenely through the land- | third of the shares are held by the
Lammont.	| “You will not change your mind, scapes of the Netherlands. Nearly Government. The agents employed
“That is enough,” said Mr. May- sir?” Stephen said. “You will not every Dutch “tjalk” or barge, is not by these companies are largely rebury. “I cannot ask you to apolo- ; make on exception in Lammont’s fa- only a conveyance for merchandise, cruitod from men who have already gizo Lammont. ‘ Westcotte, when vor?”	but also its owner’s dwelling place ; served a term of three years in sub-
you have made yourself fit to be “Certainly not. I never break mv not merely a temporary habitation ordinate positions, such as clerks and seen came to my room.”	rules. I shall pay him up to the end as a sea going ship is to her captain | non-commissioned officers in the
Slien Mr Maybury left the room of the month, and not one penny and crew, but an abiding home. The Westcotte walked up to Lammont. j more.”	raised poop, upon which the owner
All his rage was gone now, and he “Have you any objection to letting stands grasping the tiller and watch- j The majority of these men. disgusted was cold as stone.	I me take Lammont’s money to him ing tho sail or directing tho labors with their treatment by the Govero-
“You coward,” he said, in a low, and telling him of your decision, of hi» family at tho tow rope, is the ment authorities, and attracted by passionless voice. “You mean, pitl- j sir?”	roof of tho house. It is also tho the pay nnd gratuities offered by the
ful coward. If I wait for twenty I “You seem very anxious to lie the garden by virture of its row of pots companies, together with the corn-years I will be even with you for this bearer of bad news, but it is no containing flowering plants and pa native freedom from military dls-iruming4» work.”	| business of mine. I should send bulbs.	I dpi ine, voluntarily quit the Govern-
11
as a
butt
me
Then, if ho told you that, he told
RICE WATER
008
you,” he shouted^^g^g^ggg meaning of this disgraceful scene?”
It needed no second word; in a moment a dozen hands were stretched out and the combatants were forced to opposite sides of tho room.
Vis this the way you spend the time for which I pay, gentlemen?” said Mr. Maybury, coldly.
diet on
low

• i
But the natives always value this water so highly that it is never thrown away.
In fact it would surprise many cooks to discover how much could bo Raleigh said that he owed all his | done with this apparently worthless politeness of deportment to his mother.

If the rice is cooked in tho
stock
Oriental fashion, that is—boiled only Goethe pays several tributes in	his	80 long	that each	grain comes	out of
writing# to the character	of	his	the pan	separate,	and not as	a sod-
mother.	I den mass, the water, when strained
Haydn dedicated one of his most I o(T ttnd permitted to cool, will be-Important instrumental compositions come a jelly approaching the consis-to his mother.	tency of blanc-mange._ To suit the
Sydney Smith’s mother was a occidental palate the water should be clever conversational 1st,	and	very	flav0red	with an	extract, or	other-
quick at repartee. ^	1 *	t	wise the	Jelly may have rather	an in-
Gihbon's mother was passionately 8jp|d taste. Then, if served with fond of reading, and encouraged her crcnm &nd preserved fruit, you have son to follow her example.	a moet nourishing and palatable dee-
Charles Darwin’s mother had a de- sert, with still the boiled grain for tided taste for all branches of nar other purposes, tural history.	|	f —
London has about 700 periodicals; England has 42,800 police ; Scot» [Scotland and Ireland 500 hctwefB Imd, 5,000; Ireland, 12,400*	Jtheitt,
EMPLOY OF THE STATE



L















###PAGE###7###
UMTS FOR 6IR18,
"HOME SWEF/T HOME"; with delicious
110VAL VISITS TO IRELAND.
Already mat tore arc In hand for the King's visit to Ireland this year, though its (lute has not yet been officially published centuries of English connection with the Emerald Isle no English Sovereign has ever visited Ireland with his Queen who occupied the throne in the last century, two were seen in Ireland--Leorgo IV., who declared him sell every bit an Irishman, and the late Queen. In the eighteenth centuly no royal countenance brightened the island, but In the seventeenth .James II. was there, and so was William
Sunlight Soap

HOW TO PBESEBVE HEALTH AND GOOD COLOB.

Through all tho
One ounce ofSunlight Soap 1s worth more than REDUCES Two ounces of impure soap.	EXPENSE
Ask for the Octagon Bar. If your grocer cannot supply, write te LEVEE BBOTHEM, LIMITED, Toronto, sending his.name and address, y a trial sample of Sunlight Seep will be lent yon free of oo^t/
t t
Pale, Sallow, or Anaemic Girls Restored to tho Bright Freshness of Youth by Natural Means — Good Health Within the Reach of All.
L
Of tho four monarch!
From tho Sun, OrangovUle, Out
Mise Maggie Mi own Ice, of Orange-1	*	____
viilo, is a young lady well known to | HOW THE CHINESE GET BAIN, tho residents of the town and greatly esteemed by all her acquaintances.
Like thousands of other young girls throughout Canada, Miss Brownlee fell a victim to anaemia or watery blood, and for a time, as she says herself, feared she would never again enjoy robust health. Experiences like Miss Brownlee's cannot fail to he of benefit to other pale and anaemic girls, and for this reason she kindly consented to give a statement to the Sun for publication illness," said Miss Brownlee, "conic on very gradually, and at first it merely seemed as though it was r feeling of depression and tiredness. 1 kept getting worse, however, and finally had to give up a good position. I was at tunes troubled with a throbbing, racking headache ; my appetite gave out ; tho least exertion tired me, and my heart would heat painfully. My limbs seemed to feel like weights, and at other times there was a sinking sensation which I can scarcely describe. I was treated by a good doctor and took a number of remedies, but without any improvement in my condition, and 1 began to four that 1 was doomed to ho an invalid. One day a friend who called to see me spoke very highly of Ur. Williams' Pink Pills, and what she said interested my mother r~ much that she bought a few boxes.
1 began taking them, and in the course of a few weeks there was no




SHE AGREED WITH HIM
on tho table and a few friendo to enjoy it, there is no place like home^
"Oh, I can't sing," plead- <1 a Peculiar Practices In the Celestial I young man wha femininely wanted to
Kingdom	be coaxed before gratifying Ills aud-
itors.
Ill
Yes, you can. I have heard two do-I or three of my friends say so," per-
i #
It ia one of the peculiarities of the Chineeè that, while they have < veloped elaborate philosophers, none elated a pretty girl to whom he had
of them have led to any confidence been talking.
In the uniformity of nature. Neither "No, I can't," he repeated, getting tho people nor their rulers have any | up to go to the piano.
"Yea, you can; go on, and slug,
I?



fixed opinion as to the cause of rainfall. Tho plan in some pro- please," she urged. vinces when tho need of rain is felt
is to borrow a god from a neighbor- times more, but ho went ahead, and ing district and petition him for tho for ten minutes him voice was the lM desired result. If his answer is sat- most prominent thing in the room. Isfftctory, ho is returned to his home Then he came back, smiling, to tho with every mark of honor; otherwise lady.
ho may bo put out In the sun, as a "Ah," she said, wearily, "thanks, hint to wake up and do his duty. A You were quite right about tho sing-bunch of willow is usually thrust ing." into his hand, us willow is sensitive to moisture.
Another plan in extensive use is with him tho building of special temples in * which are wells containing , several
iron tables. When there is a scarcity .	.
ofj'ain a messengers starts out with , Tho average duration of marriages
u tablet, marked with the date	of 'n England is twenty-eight years
tho journey and the name . of the	with thirty years, is the on-
district making the petition. Ar- country to boat her. In I*ranee riving at another city he pays a nnd Germany twenty-six years is the sum of money and is allowed to average duration. . draw another tablet from tho well, so | throwing in his own by way of exchange. On the return journey he is supposed to cat only bran and tra-
.	. .. .. 4 ..	, , vcl at top speed day and night,
room (or doubt that they were help- Sometimes ho passes
mg mo. 1 continued taking the pill:- T|..;,.ts as greatly in need of rain
for n couple of months or more, ufl hjs own Then tfie pcop]e jn those New Zealand is tho richest country u.u ii frit us well unci strong ns	waylay him and temporarily in public libraries. It has 298. -
evrr I had been. It is about a year borrowing his tablet get tho rain in-sm, i gave up taking the pills, and tended for another place.
luue not rince felt the need of nny prayers arc usually made in the mechcmo. 1 think Dr. Williams Pink ^^h and sixth months when the 1 ills a grand medicine, and should rainfall is always due, and a limit 1m\, taken by all pule and feeble Qf ten days js for their effective
gl!.S*	™ . «...	,	, , operation. Under such conditions
Dr. Williams I ink 1 ills make rich. ra^n URUaHy falls during the prerod blood with every dose taken, Rfrjbed time. When the prayers are thus restoring the bloom of health. in progress the umbrella. among and tho bright ness and freshness of other objects, comes under the ban. youth to pule and sallow cheeks. jn somc provinces foreigners have I hrough their action on the blood ^eon mobbed for carrying this hnrm-thoy cure such dinenses as anaemia, JcM artlclc nt that time, nervousness, headache, rheumatism, dyspepsia, St. Vitus' dance, heart troubles, diseases of the kidneys, etc. These pills also cure the ailments that make the lives of so mnny women a constant misery.
Hold in boxes, the wrapper around which Wars tho full name—Dr. Wil-
Ceylon Tea Is the finest Tea the world produces, and Is sold only In lead packets.
Black, Mixed and Green.
ican tes drinkers try ‘'Salads'* Green Us.
The Frost 10 Wire and 6 Slay Fence
My
He said ho couldn’t, two or three
is the strongest and heaviest wire fence made—good openings for good agents ; write us at once for terms. Ask for catalog.
.	. WELLAND, ONT.
THE FROST WIRE FENCE CO
•I
Oranges, Lemons, Fresh Fish of All Kinds
His face clouded, and he never Fpoke again to tho girl who agreed
The Kim’s light is equal to 5,563 wax candles at 1 foot from the eye. It would take 800,000 full moons to equal cloudless sunshine.
¦ i
I HE DIN SON COMMISSION CO., Limited. TORONTO,
DURATION OF MARRIAGE
Shipments of Sutter, Ejrgo, Poultry, Honey, Beane, Apples, Potatoes. Solicited
Nirsery Equipment
ra$$ Band
lOard's Liflim nt Cures LaEiIppe
Of the world’s railway mileage of 440,000 miles, the United States possesses 182,500 miles.
Ho mother can afford to be without Clleadine. Babies' sores and aooldente
EVE.1Y TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND I alloali for Cileadine.
fns rumcnte, Drums, Uniforms. Etc
lowest price* evér quoted. Fit e ratHlogu*\ I Large Boxos 260. Druggists OP
w* !ci,eadine c°-To,ont#-
Monkey Brand Soap is a cleaner and polisher combined, but won’t wash clot lies.
Mam's Uniment is ihe B sf
WfifLET BOYCE & CO., Limitai,
through difr-
Tn 1858 there were but 8,850 engineers in the British navy arc now 22.500.
Toronto, Ont-, and Winnipeg, Man
A
In proportion to its population
There
Dominion Line Steamships
Montreal to Liverpool. Poston to Liter
pool. Peril and to Liverpool VI» Quotes-	[v
W P. C. III«
Beardless Barley
la predisellj ereltic, yield-1 nr In JSOI hr ilr. WtHe, Orleans Co., New Tork, 109 Umbels per mere. I)oe« well everywhere Thai pa ye.
tOth Century Oats.
TUo ->*i Bisrvel, preiodag nom KO to 900 bee. per sere.
ft alee He Osie are wsr-reeled ta aradeoe areal yield». The U. 8. je» i»ept. call* th*m the very Seel' TUet pays.
Three Bared Corn.
•ere, is el prea-ent eriree of cure Selser’e MW# prod ace everywhere.
Marvel Wheat
yhU»4 te 80 Ststee Lae I year •ror 40 be, per
St'|i- the* fongh • ** find werk» elf the C ld.
Lexadve Bromo-Qulnino Tablet h euro n ool<t in one day. ho vure. No I ay Price 23 cents.
toes.
Large and Fast Steamship». Superior acoorm: vdellui for ail classe» of pa rangera. Swoons and Stateroom are amidships. Special atteatiou baa bem fives to t* fir-coed Saloon and Tbi.d-Clnw acoom mu dation. Vo rates of paa-af e and ail part ion lan, apply le any of the Company, or
BloLards, «ilia à Oe,
THE M^ST POPULAR DENTIFRICE.
Out of 100,000,000 passengers by sea all over the world 30 lose their lives; out of tho same number by rail, 47.
D. Terrance A Co.. Montreal and Portland
77 Mate Hi. Bottom
Preserves the teeth. Sweetens the breath Strengthen» the gums

I) 250 *ut. per ciireorly pro!mile
^ SYSTEMATIC XAVIIG
Safe Saving i: Successful JJaving
ADIOSPBAÏ "
CUESMEH
WANTED
M
FOR
Ite.it co ni presse (I-air Rpmver niadc. Sample machine frv.o.—CAVERS BROS., Galt, 0-u«
Messrs. C. 0. Richards k Co.
Gentlemen,—Last winter I received great benefit from the use of MIN-ARD'S LINIMENT in a severe attack of LaGrippe, and I have frequently proved it to be very effective in cases of Inflammation.
•Yours,
W. A. HUTCHINSON.

• sise
tasv# iketel#trei#d
renlW heat, wblcb yielded
THE CARE OF BABIES
on ear farms M bus. pet Mr*. That pay*.
YOUR OVERCOATS
r
Speltz.
G rests» i cereal feed on earth—to bas. grain and 4
I
A Great Responsibility Rests on All Mothers—Baby Should Always be Bright and Cheerful.

and faded Suits would look better dred. If ir> •««» of ours in your town, write direct Montreal. Box 158.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
Montreal.
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
Victoria Rape
makes it possl&la so grew
Hams' lMnk Pills for Pale People. Can 1mj procured from druggists, or will be sent by mall, post paid, at fiOc a box or six boxes for $2 50. by addressing tho Dr. Williams* Medici no Co., Brockville, Ont.
bags, Sheap and salt la at •
newt be lie a lb. If arret-oaily prwllAc does well arar/wbars That paya.
Bromus Inormle.
Mort woederfel grass ef the eeuloiy. Predates Stans efh*7 sad
1
Babies that arc well, sleep well, eat well, act well and play well. A child that is not lively, rosy-cheeked and playful, needs immediate attention or tho results may be serious. Prudent mothers should always keep ready at
hand a safe yet effective medicine to gars you smoked you administer to their little ones as consumed 1,600 Plans for a Game Preserve in the emergency arises. Such a medicine is pound of ash.
Rocky Mountains.	Baby’s Own Tablets. These Tablets
3 sSSEîHE SÜlKSH
ÉSiP§ ê&mm
cont	varieties of	big	game which	was very iU with indiges-
there .8 reason to	four	arc about to	^ and	bowel trouble, but I am
,	,*’IS raU?kory	happy to	say the Tablets relieved
arc	the buffalo	and	the mountain	hJ nfter	n fcw doses and he is now
l.on. The Rocky Mountain goat is	splendidly, with just a Tablet
also reported to be growing exceed- nowKan(1 lhcn when a Uttle restless.
'"^rparklsexpectcd tobea ^2.^1^:^^
the study of natural history, as well	thc 0id remedies. I think mothers
as to sportsmen. 1 hero is already	ht aIwayg to keep them in the
a small park at Banff, where the na« house jn CttSe 0f emergency, tional preserve is to be established, Thcsc Ablets cure all the minor ail-but at present it contains on y mentfl 0f children, such as const!pa-about lot» square miles oi tcrntoiy, tjon gour stomach, colic, diarrhoea while the intention is to set «part a lndi$te8tion# nnd gimpIe fever. They
of at least ten times tha brcak up colds, prevent croup, and
The territory to be selected is ad- u,	tceth. They are for chlld-
m rably adapted for the purpose for ^ cnn ^ givCn with absolute	I
while it includes some of the wildest Fafctv t0 tho youngC8t, infant. Sold The largest diamond In the world and grandest Canadian scenery, thc . ftj, druggists at 25 cents a box, is now in the possession of the Ha-laud is entirely unlit for scttlumeut or spnt postpaid on receipt of price, jah of Matlan. It weighs 367 carats It consists of both mountain and addressing the Dr. Williams Mcdi- thieo times tho size of the Koh-i-dale, and includes the famous Yoho cjne Co Brock ville. Ont.	Noor. The Portuguese 1,000 carat
Valley.	stone is probably a white topaz
I The Government will stock the
park with every variety of wild ani-	Per Over Sixty Years
mal known to be native of Canada. Sportsman ' Is there anything to	wwslows Soothing Sv*vr hai been used bj
mens and for those which arc likely over the hill, to stray bcyor.d the limits of tho	1 " '	/ T £
/
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL- COMFORTING.
COCOA
., Advartageoue fncllitios for the ac , # cumuhit on of ap ire sunia of $1 OU and upward', with iho regular addition of V a p ofl pioducing interest *ro afforded by tho Savings Dtpart mont of
If you saved the ash of all the ci-
would have before you had a
Grava wbereier Mil ie f »u»4. Balaer'e wed ti Tiftraated. T%ad pa/e.
0,BO tor lie.
wl«t ye* le trf eer
OUR NATIONAL PRESERVE


great term seed:
i, keee#
V offtr to lend 10 <em ie*d W Iieiftoe, ME tailing t V l(t*dcd *>1«. Tceela* g Alfalfa, Spell:, elc. (fEll $16>) w gel * eteril legeth •or grcEtwtalog, iotiZtp*
THE CANADA PERMANENT and WESTERN CANADA t MORTGAGE CORPORATION
* Toronto Street, TORONTO

BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
WOOIï'iî l>trt) ll>;l
- ' S .
* f \	. 'f 4- ». /!'¦	_J   -. rt	—
i
TO LADY DCAflCDC
King Edward VII. Koyal Purplt Amethyst g fl ^ 15»	g g

you?"
The following letter contains an offer of an absolute gift to you. You don’t have to buy anything to get IL It Is a bid for your friendship, and If overlooked it will be a loss to you and a disappointment to us.
become extinct
u
"THE FOUR TRACK NEWS."
This is a Monthly Magazine of Travel and Education, published by the Passenger Department cf the New York Central, the great four track line. It contains a fund of interesting and instructive reading matter, and, like all other features of this popular line, date
fifty cents a year from Geo. II. Daniels, Gcn’l Pass. Ag’t, New York.
-
;IÈÉüÉ6ieel



CORONATION BROOCH
i.
%

A
cnrrt
av ur
is thoroughly up-to-Five cents per copy or

v.
This Sugar Shell le
A 8IFT TO EVERY LADY j
answering	I
this Advertisement	I
Send us your name and address on the below request, and we will take pleasure in sending you free of any charge this SOLID ARIZONA SILVE SUGAR SHELL. With the Sugar Shell we will send you 8 Boxes of Standard Electine Remedies to sell, if you can, at 25 cents each. Then return our money and we will give you, absolutely free, a Butter Knife, a Pickle Pork, a Set of 6 Solid Arizona Silver Teaspoons and a beautiful King Edward VII. Coronation Brooch. Our Solid Arizona Silver Premiums are fast superseding Sterling Silver for Tableware. They look as well and wear longer, and are guaranteed for 50 years. The elegant Coronation Brooch will be appreciated by every loyal British subject. It is composed of a magnificent Royal Purple Amethyst mounted on an exquisitely designed Brooch overlaid with fine gold. This is not an opportunity to put off Just sign and return the attached request to-day. The Sugar Shell and Medicines will be promptly mailed, postpaid ; and remember, even if you fail to sell the goods, you at least have an elegant Sugar Shell worth 75 cents for simply making the effort. As we don’t intend to keep this offer open long, we would ask you to favor us with an immediate reply.
r

X

y
If you don't desire to sell the medicine for us, it is likely that a youth or maiden of your household would feel proud to assume such a business undertaking. Thousands independent $ cl f-s upper ting their first and most valuable business lessen in an effort of this kind. The order for the Spoon and Medicines, however, must be signed by yourself and not a child. We will also send you a catalogue showing an elegant line of Premiums, which we are giving our agents.
reserve
DEAR MADAM
of our best business men and
R
Parsnips are supposed by many people to be very feeding. A pound of parsnips, only gives 12 grains of strength, while the same amount of skim milk will give 34, and of split
preserve.
T; As an :
been accomplished at Banff it may be mentioned that the small band of
buffaloes placed in tho park a short The biggest match factory in the | peas 250 grains time ago have already increased to wolid is the Vulcan, at Tidaholen,
82ns 2JS2-hJ51K$7 ST,m,Xp£ZYZm‘"' “d am ihm me tea to» un
number of deer, moose, elk and Angora goats as the nucleus of a col-
1CArrangement, arc new under way ftoc*2"SSSfrS?2: for securing specimens of wolves and W(iy to cure doafne*s, and that is by oonHtitn-bears, for which recourse must be tional remedUe. Deafneaa le caused by an
had to Indian hunters. Orders have "W2TtabT'Æ also been given for mountain lions, «umed yon nave a rambling sound or Imper
.K»? vtz 353&SÜS&B
this order, for the specimens are not to Ua normal conduit n, hearing will bo de-
sf jrrsr «refluas
¦•vs ~- ws- jfæSSsS
gH.'ïï.riSS.”tTiiS c!£ "•““'"-MC-om.n .oo,M*.o.
ada will own one of the best game
and most remarkable inen-of wild animals in existence
instance of what has already j MIHSITI’S UoilHEIlf fflî fUlEUIMllSfH
KO
Out of 141 tourists who ascended Mount Blanc last year 39 were Swiss 38 French, 17 English. 15 German, and 13 from the United States. There were also 4 Canadians, 1 Egyptian, and 1 New Zealander.
Deafness Cannot be Cured
REQUEST FOR SUGAR SHELL AND MEDICINES
letters as this
Electme Medicine Co., Limited, Toronto, Ont.
Ship inffnediately, by mail, i Solid Arizona Stiver Sugar Shell and Eight 25-cent Packages of Electing Remedies. 1 agree to make an earnest effort to sell the Medicines, and return you the money, with the understanding that I am to receive for this service a Butter Knife, Pickle Fork, Six Full-Size Solid Arizona Silver Teaspoons and also a Coronation Brooch. If I fail to sell the Medicine I will return it to you within 30 days, and retain the Sugar Shell as a gift from you.
To the Elect ins Medicine Co.:
Gzntlbmkn,—
Enclosed you wiU find money order for $1.50, for the last medicine I received. I also thank you for the Premiums you
say they are handsome, 1
I
CALIFORNIA - OREGON EXCURr
SIGNS.
Every day in the year. The Chicago, Union Pacific & Northwestern Line runs through first-class Pullman and tourist sleeping cars to points in California and Oregon daily. Personally conducted excursions from Chicago to San Francisco, Los Angeles and Portland, leaving Chicago on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Lowest rates. Shortest time On thc road. Finest scenery. Inquire of your nearest ticket agent, or write B. H. Bennett, 2 King street east, Toronto, Ont.
ford it. It is very satisfactory to
____ _ _	or a fraud.
You have dealt by me strictly In
NAME

with
!
areall’that youciiuinthem to be.
ADDRESS .
I am lorry my occupation leave* me *> little time to open the eyes of the people to their mente. I
Indian and Ceylon tea has increased in quantity from 152,000,000 pounds in 1HV0 to 300,000,000 pounds in 1900.
truly,
K. MOLSON
4 0
Yoen
" very " plainly.
J A.
preserves ageries
ELECTINE MEDICINE CO., Limit**». TORONTO, Ontario
In setting and distributing type a compositor's hand travels on an av-11 miles a day.
irage

###PAGE###8###
Splendid Chance
for Everybody I

E. HQDCINS ft SON'S A DVT.

Spring- 1902
You’d hardly thinly it, yet it is quite true that
McCUIRE, THE TAILOR,
will make it interesting for
anyone in need of a suit or overcoat during January.
This great sale of Gloves, Mitts, Overshoes and Felt Goods offers rare money-saving
opportunities.
I


I M
We are Daily Receiving
New Goods.
REMEMBER
Only Two Weeks more and we will close Sale.
Delay is dangerous. Do not put off but come at once to
Our Prints
Muslins
The Shawville
Store.
P.3—Fit guaranted.
Boot and Shoe
9
9
M. STEWART.
Ginghams
and Sateens
The Barondale Veterinary IV|edicines.
Public Notice.
Farm Help Wanted.
Are now in stock and we will have much pleasure in shewing them.
Wauled, for general farm help, man , anil wife without- children. Permanent Vaccination was passed by the Mu* I employment to suitable parties.
nicipal Council of the Township of,	Apply to M, 0. FOSTER.
Clarendon at an adjourned session	Rutledge P. O., Que.
held on Monday, the 10th day of February, 1002 »
Moved by ('our. Thomas McDowell, seconded bv Coun. James Smith, that- this
couaclldohonîjy cire the inhjMtcnt* of The uudemlgned ha* for sale three
thàt au	iîïT'1
What We Claim for our Cough and Distemper Cure.	”rrl(o hLu,' Mau'vsoS1:/^'u^rror	“umiieUnV Que.
masgÊÊsaÈg^M
i.fill and DiMeuaper Cure, Ring -Carried unanimouslv.
Healing Ointment, Hoof Paint,	HUGH* MATHESON,
(True copy.)	Sec. Trees.
The following Resolution regarding

V v

)
Horses for Sale.
We expect a large trade in Ladies’
Blouses. Our new stock ready for inspection.
Before Using
After Using
on —

QTT4WA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
Equally good results obtained from Bavondule Con bone aud Spavin Cure, Colic and Inflammation Cure, ! Condition Powders and Anodyne Liniment.
For sale at -
PRICES AND QUALITIES
ALWAYS RIGHT.
-AND-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION f(YS.
O'M Mrs Brts*, Bryson ;
T. A D. HetistetM i, Campbell: Say ; J. L Cahill s, Calumet Island ;
Wm. Moore's, Otter Lake ;
J. F Cronau t, Ladysmith. Silas Young a, Starts Comers.
W. N. Lucas’, Caldwell.
light in reading, the holding of object at arm e length vr elc ae to the eye, squint-mg one eye or seeing objects doable, dizz neei or darting pains in the eyeballs
statement, Mr. Arm/dFom-rr remarked Ior °.v,‘r the	perceiving * colored
iîSSS; ISrHraSsH?êI% %
army was engaged in a difficult conflict IsSIe to iee obje;te distinctly at a distance, fram No- 2 leaven G racefleld, Q., G.20, AM
In regard I WAUfm< or redness of the eyes or ltda. I “	“ arrives Ottawa, Ont., 0.4s. A.M
of i he i runD‘n6 together of the letters when re d-mg or seeing the vertical better than the horizontal lines.
Drug Store, Shawvitle ;
Winter Time Card*
O. N. ic W. RAILWAY.
Boer Outrages
E. HODCINS & SON
wo ax or the boers at teffel kop
I'EH'RI BE l> BY A < ANAMàÜ.
¦
A Canadian volunteer, the son of an eeven thousand miles away.
esssh Bsâiiû
Von?Decembe^h Aher deicrib' |*r'd' The mov.niMit wou'd therefore 1*1 Duet And Consumption. a ing the manner in which our troopa were temporarily arreeted but legislation won't1
eurprited. he laj i -.-Th-ie who were not , ,n,1'jduced Icgsha ug the engagement , Ttl»‘ dust is a cause cf cor sumption •• shot down at the t.rat roller, and they n'«n in every part of the empire. He cle.a y shown m Hie statistics of ih*
Stiryzfee sags* csriis? a	cwsr.
MÊmÊÊÊËÊm »i
sssiMsaJ-.-ÆÏ srarcâtiwsrafi ssl-b.sv|
JTaï --vr a=”',arit;r sap	*•» stmv aavmiio.
tïï, r; 3 F- ir	a ^.srarÆ SiArS”-k " - —- *¦*
be mounted on many vessel# and G-inch various kinds of dust. These facta suggest guns of the latest and most improved to hygenie‘a and inventors the necessity type would replace the 4-7 gun*. | °f devising dust consumera and dust pre
venters for fsetoriee, workshops, etc.
This is a fact that legislators should bear in mind.
Id
dis-
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
Train No. 1 leaven Ottawa 14 arrives Waltham,
Train No. 2 leaves Waltham 44	41 arrives Ottawa,
P. W. RES8EMAN,
Çen, Pass. Agent
• c\
5.15, P. M
*35. P M 7.00 A.M. 10.15 A.M.

&
Selling Out I
3
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Go !
We Mean Business !
we had dept under the tame blanket ever since joining the corps Another simihr case happened alongside of him. and was perpetrate! by the sime rid brute and another old Boer was with him. The sergeant of the Ambulance C >rps started in to dresg Cbnel Damant, who wounded in four places, and a Baer we it up and itjppci him. Tne ambulance man showed him the Geneva Croie oi his arm, his bag of bandage*, ¦ out that he was unarmed.
A Pointer
5,000 Were Lost
1
THIS IS THE NUMBER PVT DOWN AT
SHAMAKA
was
Two Cent Telephones.
ARMSTRONG BROS
If you arc engaged
in any kind of
business
you make a
mistake if
you do not invest
a dollar or two
with
Lindon, Feb 21.—Wiring from St	Utica, Feb. 19. —A new telephone
etc., and pointed 1 Petersburg, the correspondent of the	company has offered ti this city what
I The Boer	Da'ly Moil says the Sehmic disturbances	is sa d to be the beat rc urn for a
eb<. k his	head,	said	‘That game won’t do’	at Shimaka have recommenced and that	twenty-five year franchise ever ex-
put his ride	to	the	sergeant s head and	a fresh volcano began vigorously to erupt	tended to any ci'y by a telephone corpor-
plew the top oijf. fhW are only three last Wednesday. The correspondent adds ation. '
irt 'Meti ^dr.|eni ovcuLCu which that the number of killed in the Shamaka The company offers t>ii>8*al a tele-weie inld me by C omrades who eaw these ^nct 18 now est mated at 5,000.	phone in every house in the ciiy where
things happen half an hour after. Anyway	-w---—	one is wanted and to charge a uniform
J çould tee (be evidence, of it for nuaelf. Aiotfl in s in 6ftu6ee Deaths. r,,e two (en" for 3 &ye minu(« «»¦
The great majority of the wounds were	____ versatlun.
inflicted by .xploaive bullet.. Inlecd, 500 said to be killbd or wovnded There will be no charge for inatru-that is abaut the only form of ammuni-	____ me its and none for messages received.—
tion the enemy h-ve left now Before	London Feb. 21.-A mes ago to the Auyt !"e[chant wh?	mijre
we could get the wounded into the ambu- Exchange Telegraph Co., fiom Bartel ni. Ti	M be
-anrera Bid thanderiU rir. eime CB, Sfitl	via Pefpigüâti, FhiiiCê, âàÿg a fi*u9 battle	ûJ'J™ 8	>1	,RUU	r	. lie	offer	la
the rain mi ted *ith hail, *as the cause of	|la(j been" fought between the trSCôs and	1 —l*	couemvred	and Whl PronaD?y he
a good many deaths afterward). Tnera rioters in the Suburb of Bireelona Iaccepted< wjre tn y two out of the 15-poundc:guns	known as Sane. Before the engagement
crew who came out unwound© 1 ; all the	the cavalry an l infantry had bien posted
rest wore either ki led or serious y hurt.	\n the most dangerous points and a fieM
They liy lound the guns, one with a,hell	battery had been located cn the Plait
in him hands, another with a sponger, each	from which vantage point the gui
mm at his post doing his duty when he sweep the surrounding strtets. fell-a tru’y grand picture of pluck 1 he	th9 final clash with the troops o.cuired,	?
esp^am of the Pom Pum made his will on	continues the despatch, the artillery was	*
the ground befc re he died, and left £o0 brought into action and ranged street bought and sold claims aggregating md-to each man of his gun d crew who sur-	8treet.	lions of dollars, and when she finally	***£.	DDT
vived. There are three to benefit by It,	Tne noteis engaged the batteries at	^me awsy it was with over #1,000,000	WE	PRINT
two of them badly wounded. Of No. 3 clos j rango but were finally driven eff in So!d duet* Ml8 ptirdy and her hus-troop of my tquadio.i five men were on	it i* reported that 500 persons were	band started west nearly ten years ago.—
parade next morning, and there wtr<*	killed and wounded on both sides The	II ,e 9aid lhat st Vancouver they die-
over thirty of them before, so you can see	entire neighborhood was wrecked by the	at*reed about	furtber. the husband
how many the Boers spared. Let them	.bells. The ruins caught fire and this	burned to TecJini, where he is now
look to themselves next time Damant'* completed the destruction. Further ^ to be a motorman for a afreet car Horse gets within reach of them. ”	fighting is reported at Mataro (15 miles ^mpapy. Mrs Purdy went to Alaska
from B ireelona, ) where a quantity of ^d from all accounra prospered. Besides
«6.000.000 I* ,'or New Ship.	To.Imo .nd
and Tarragona respective y, one hundred minerg were admittod free of cost.
and fifty miles southwest of Barcelona. One of her fi.nl lucky strikes was a third
interest m a claim which she bought for m	^ ,	a few hundred dollars and when she sold
London. Fob. 22. -The secretary of ^ T°	®on'h. l.Ur her net prufit ...
EEHtiEB
They *hnw a torsi t f £.11,255,000 floating before thr* eyiw, quivering of the
compared with £30.875,000 '»«r year, dd* or sensation *•£*snd in ti e eye, rxro-p There are 1 600 Chin *)unDK tbe courie °f sn ¦OUvtopsnymg tible fatigue <r the requin mem vf strong | San Francisco, tJbl.
¦J
LADYSMITH.
I
i
£>?
Your
The Printer
M
Watch
Needs
Cleaning
A Klondike Fortune.
to show people what yon are doing.
Toledo, 0. Feb. 17.—Mr#. Chat Purdy has returned to Toledo from the Klru
K
\yben | dike with â fortune. During her four ears' residence in the Klondike, besides ecping a boarding house and hotel, she
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, Cards, Ac. at moderate cost and do the work well. Try a sample order.
If it has not been cleaned inside of It Honths,
NAVAL ESTIMATES INTRODUCED IN BRITISH COMMONS. NO RECRUITING <*F JIEWfoUND
LANDERS
C# We give all repairs our persomal supervision
and guarantee satisfaction or your money back. Out of every 10 watches spoiled 9 are spoiled by incompetent watchmakers—not by the wearers,
mines.
The Equity. I WHYTE - TI|E WATCHMAKER - SHAWVILLE.
slave girls at
