###PAGE###1###

,e V-







No. 5.—19th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
JULY 25, 1901.
$1.00 a Yeah in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
locals that pay
houïwort AAppS t°o Mrï. SÎMth! I J* ^ Tw,n" at J‘ " ShaWa.
OP CANADA. %;	w"”• -
—	reeognlxed on all hands as the only rell- ,,or l»« latest style of photos go to Imt
CAPITAL - • - $6,000,000. f çS.	'
9	9	complaint#. It can be relied upon to cure.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.1 Pr,ce 546 cent"per bottle
Heed Office! .. .. Capital subecribfd Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA.
..........11,064.060.
........... l.WW.fMO.
........... 1,060,465.
*
Beet
Board of Dirtctors:
Charlm Magee, Bnq., President. George Bay, esq..Vice-President.
Hon. Gao. Limon, Ja.
Albz . Khabkr, Ehq , David MaiLakbs, Bay.,
Dbnmb VuRfHT, Ehq.
J. H. Shaw si lls the best Tw
me, nfc photos at
II. IMIKON.
Smart
Join Ma TH rr. I*q.
t». n.™ s,,,,., i uîsrsa
¦AtAJjgfeag» J!¥".- r.¦*
sauces at the Palace Grocery
Head Office, • Montreal.
GEORG IB JBURlt D. M. FINN)E
Hot ? Yes, Rather.
Ornerai Manager .. .. Manager,
js KTs. •srjsr s \ f	—
month ; Campbell’» Hay the second ; Fort I	Spe£,a,t Standard and Beaver
Money loaned on approved eetarity si I Coulonge the third ; and Shawville the I H. pi!Vs Caldwell"1" **r pound at W* reaeonable rates.	| fourth week
Brant he* r
IN ONTARIO
Keawatin.
Keaplville,
MatUwa,
Ottawa,
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
Alexandria,
Arnprior,
Avonrnore,
Bracebridge,
Carla ton
Plaça,
llawkeebury,
Unark, Pomr bound Pembroke,

lUt Portage, Winchester, do BankSt. Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto,
Vankleek Hill, Bmith’e Falls
IN MANITOBA :
But not too hot for Business.
( Rome & Blackwell h Picklks.— Just h hun Plymouth special. For salt* at
Money transferred to all parts of the world, received a large stock of these celebrated Shaw's.
'manufacturers goods - G irk ins, flowers, Walnuts, etc., at the Palacs
Grockry.
As
Farmers notes bought and collected
See the Me lot te (ream Separator before )Oii buy, I he la'ent and iiest for Male by
u	„ „	Smart & Smith.
iSEill EÜB3B-
See the I ni ted States Cream Separator t,	...	,	, ,	_	. before you huy. Lightest running, clean-
Having an office fatted with the latest eat skimmer, and does most work for the and most approved dental appliances, PrkT-	Mi Hak 5c McGuirk, Shawville.
Dr. MacGregor is in a position to render AT THE PALACE GROCERY ¦
A „„ ,H	pzs±S?.sX£.Ei£I *
: :=™b=e:
Montre*).	not settling up regularly. The |»tron* I The Arnprior News report* that the
pected on Saturday and Sunday even-, H Hi HH	HHH I H Hill II
The bank building, the completion of mgs did not materialize. We heard the j	PERSONAL	Londui, Ju y 19.—The Pali Mall Ga
lich was delayed by the burning of the roll of the thunder and saw the lightning	A	zette pubiiahee this afterroon
factory on the 2f»th June last, is again un-	flash, hut on either occasion there was	m	r	-	.	.	what remarkable communication from its
der way, and the carpenter	work well in	not enough rain to spoil a young lady's	„„*•	^	r	H An	,	,	a	Pleaj^nt day s	Paris correspondent, giving circumatan-
progreas.	hat. The train hands reported that rain	^ng	Ht	Green	Uke	on	Thursday	tial details of an alleged conspiracy to
.	fell in abundance at Waltham on Sun-	*	overthrow the French Republic and in-
% ts s stL&zzjxsztss.. sstesnaj*-* ‘ - 3M5“ ftsr
mg juetnow. The main building is being	. .	,	1 ‘	ed that September 14, upon which date
s::z	°*»» ™
ardson, of North Clarendon, desires to their bugvy please let me know.	the present year.	their Russian ally by all the elements
mm
here on the 9th met., commenced at J jp;,8'l° ^ ami Miss Cox lanes of the present government are al
sæsbsspi^	-îr-
Farm, Ottawa, on July 29th, tickets of Ottawa, was present as interpreter.	’	A p|CWno	tj
good to return July 30th. The rates will The examination began with the evid-	Mr. Frank Needham, formerly of Mr. A	Mme	Has	Been
be very low. Good speakers and lee- ence of Mrs. Wm. Murray and Mrs. John	Shaw s, and now of Mr. Ogilvie s, Ot- I	jumped,
turers will l>e in attendance at the Farm, McDowell, who are perhaps the most	tawa, was here this week spending a
and the crowd should be a large one. important witnesses in connection with I day with old friends
the unfortunate affair. The trial was Mp	naît is reported that smallpox has hro- proceeded with on Saturday and again on	v«n L r, ^ A8 AnmtfKe«f,f the Latineau
ken out in the camp of some evangelists Monday and Tuesday, several additional	y Kulway, arrived on Monday
who are holding meetings on the 8th witnesses having been subpoened to tes-	U} v slt brother Fen., who
&22S5SJK§££185	£***• jajj-t*.
of health have been advised 01 the mat- ducting the investigation, while Mr. Messrs. Sam, Ralph and W. H. Ann- ,Z„ed the Cle .vndiJte h.s ter, and have	taken	steps to quarantine	Bourbeau Rainville,	is looking after the strong started on	Wednesday morning to	b-en "iumued ’ bv Julia, lienroe , n-n
the parties affected	with	the disease.	defense side of the case.	try their luck at	bass fishing at Murray	.pector who re-staked the properly\Pfew
Lake, Ciaphain. We hope to hear a few days ago. The mine is eitimated to be good straight fish stories when they get worth between f10.000,000 and *15,000-
c *	000. i icorge claims the company has
Mr. C. Blackett Robinson, Editor of '^ned,,the m,ine which/	been
the Dominion Presbyterian, came up C	""1"Y TT '
from Ottawa to attend the induction of	^	,	^ for, bLUt
^STdSKXSL-r. & «4» :,C"Z
sr&WLra zrrs,*:	4
circulation. The	office of publication	?" it was therefore an open claim.
was some time ago	removed from Mont-	^orge re^aked the c a m one morning
real to Ottawa. Certainly in the Ottawa »,J»J1Üht- Mr. Clergue is m the Valley, Eastern Ontario and Quebec there is a fair field for such a journal.

SAVINGS BANK.
Aecour* ¦ opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
We axe just as ready to serve you as if the skating rink was in operation.
Portage Là Prairie IN QUEBEC;
Hull,
Hhawinigan Falls.
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agents in 8t. Paul-Mtr étant! Nat Bank.
Agents in London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.

Larhnt»
Montreal,

wn
Office Hour* . . 10 a.m.toTp.m Saturdays
Ap
10 A M. TO 1 P M
'F. A. PARKER, M «nager
II. Imiron

WE CAN OFFER YOU SOME GOOD HOT BARGAINS THAT WILL MATTE YOU COOL AND REFRESHED.

LOCAL NEWS.

LOCAL NEWS.

mar




A few Odds and Ends in following Lines at your own prices :
BLOUSES,
. WRAPPERS, LADIES’ BELTS,


A U eged Conspiracy


ITK PURPOSE 18 TO OVERTHROW TH1 FRENCH REPUBLIC.
a some


STRAW HATS,
Do you want any ?
J. H. SHAW
son
P. S.—A good time to buy Waterproof Umbrella.
or
A PROSPECTOR PROPOSES TO HOLD A MINI IN MICIMPICOTON WHICH 18 WORTH
ABOUT $15,000,000
Mr. Richardson, independent Liberal I. The meeting held on Thursday even-member of parliament for Li agar, Mani- in8 to discuss the subject of fire pro-toba, has lost his meat through irregu- *'ect,1'>n aD<* wa^r *wks for the village, laritiea practiced by agents at the elect- Wft8 favor®d with a fairly good and reion last fall. The attempt to disqualify présentât vc audience, although citizens the late member utterly failed, as it was | ™ere somewhat tardy in getting together, shown conclusively that he endeavored tarerai exureeaed their views on the to run a straight, clean election, and that 8ul,ject, and while the feeling was gen-his undoing has been the work of the eral *ome myetem of tire protection machine politicians.	was needed, all were not agreeable
I to the undertaking of the proposition The above is clipped from the Pern- laid before the meeting, namely, the broke Standard, and if our cotem is cor- providing of waterworks, sewerage, and rect'y informed, it seems to us there is permanent street improvements, "envoi-room as well as need for a change id the ving an estimated expenditure of $25,-ganie and fish regulations of this pro- 000, which if raised by means of detail -vince. Lakes or territory leaned from tares bearing interest at 6 per cent, for a
the government for fishing or hunting period of forty years, would mean an I Could Not Bave The Drowning purposes at prices set by the government increase of taxation of one per cent. It	T	H
should unquestionably be the property of was finally decided to leave the matter of	L»	a G .
the lessee while such lease endures, and submitting a by-law in the hands of the
it reasonably follows that he should have council, the latter to use its discretion IA friert shouted the words or abh lv the indisputable right of inviting whom as to the extent of the expenditure he pleases to share his enjoyment of pri- thought proper to ask the ratepayers to vileges bought and paid for. Might as well endorse A special meeting of the counquestion the right of any farmer, whose cil has been called for Wednesday even-property embraces a lake or pond, to ing of this week, to deal with the n invite hie friends to fish therein. The lion	"¦
thing is ridiculously absurd.
A DIME SAVED
IS MADE.
on
Ycra can save money by buying your INSECT DESTROYERS from us when you take into consideration “ QUALITY ”
It is alleged that Mrs. James Mills, aged 113, a lady of Wood ham, Ont., contemplâtes visiting the Exhibition u Buffalo, accompanied ly her little son, wbp ii j ust 76 years old.
For instance here are a few things you may need, now, and remember we sell only the best
tion just before the boy sank
IN MANITOBA AND THE
LABORERS I CANADIAN
wanted I NORTH WEST
20,000
FARM
Fly Pads Paris Green Insect Powder and Tanglefoot.
Montreal, July 17 —A moat remark able itory il pubîiahed in the Le Jour nil. I» tayz :
“ At 8t. Joseph de Bordeaux, a litt'e
* «	,x	— • i. « «	rvTTTT/-v%T	. village only a few miles from here, on
A Svm.e* Death. -It is with deep re-	QUTON.	Monday afternoon. D' Lite.gne .nd
cret we have to record the a«d death of	--	Mr. L.cUnc Grcuii, ... » boy about
little John Alexander, only eon	of Mr.	July 22. -Mina Phillips, of Ottawa wan	twelve ye.n struggling in the middle of
and Mrs. Sylvester Richards on	Thure	the guest of Miss B. Owen Sunday.	the river. Aa neither	of them could
clay, July 18th, in his twelfth year. He Mrs. A. McLqfi, Ottawa, is visiting swim they cast about for some means by was only ill a few days and his death was Mias M Bell of Qtiyon.	* wnich they ciuld aavelthe child and when
very unexpected, in fact on Thursday	- Mr. and Mrs. N.	Brownlee, Kadford,	they found	there was nothing at hand
morning when his mother and grand-	spent Sunday at Mr. R. McKenney’s.	they mo to	the vicarage and told the
[rather started to the doctor at Camp- Miss Mabel Armstrong, of Shaw nils, cure what was going on. The cure, Ret. bell a Bay he seemed quite well,	and lit-	is the guest of Mr and Mrs. T. E. Hudgins.	Mr. Belleroee, went to	the spot on the
tie was it thought that he would	die be	Mr. W. McKenney, of Sault 8te.	river bank near where	the child was
fore reaching their destination as be did.	Mane is spending	a few weeks with	drowning,	his quick run to tie place
He leaves behind him father, mother	friends m Quyon.	causing considerable excitment, and
and two young sisters, besides many The moonlight excursion by 8tr. G. bringing out many people. When he ar-friends who mourn hia loss.	\B. G™n« “nd/r the auspices of-The rived there*he cure came to the conclu-
The funeral which was largely attend-	Boys on Friday night was a decided	sion that the child could	not be savéd	On AUGUST titb, 1901. from Stations In
ed was on Friday at 2 pm., which left the	success.	asd called upon him to	reaign himself	Ontario, SharbotLake, Sudbury and East,
home of Mr. John Hodgins, Thorne, his	The Misses Lucie and Annie Meredith,	to the sacrifice that warn	asked of him.	And AUGUST 9ih,‘01, from Stations in
grandfather, and proceeded to the Epis-1 spent Sunday in Bristol.	With a last effort the poor	boy made the	Province of Quebec, Quebec, Megantic
copal church at Greermount, where ser Miss Me Affray, of Bristol, was the sign of the cross and aa the priest lifted *nd We8t
vice was said, and afterwards was inter- guest of the Misses Meredith a few days an his voice and chanted the words of CERTIFICATES will be issued entitling
hi* father is absent at present m the N.	fnends m this vicinity last week	I	aged lo obtain the body	about twenty
W ~ Coni-	Evphsmu, f	minutes later on."
*
UC8
9
The Canadian Pacific Ry. will run FARM LABORERS’ EXCURSIONS, second cIhnn,
to C. P. R. stations in Manitoba and Assiniboia, West. South West and North West of Winnipeg as far as
$10.00
PRESCRIPTIONS an d FAMILY RECIPES
receive our careful attention.
QUALITY THE BEST.
MOOSEkJAW, ESTKVAN and YORKTON
THE DRUG STORE.
PURE DRUGS.
For further particulars and tickets apply to nearest Canadian Pacific Ry. Agent

4T rr
2*.

i -
###PAGE###2###
CLOTHING FROM THE SEA, THE LAND OF THE EOSP.
Use plenty of plaster around th stables to absorb the odors and am
monia.
Feed with
and road horses
healthful. *	.
Do not let the feet of the road en work horse# get hnr<l nnd dry duiing the dry weather. Avoid hoof lo Water is best nnd safest and
$*#**$*****$

well and skim the seeds as long ns they rise and what remains will be very nice. I>et it stand overnight in a porcelain or earthen dish. Can cold in tho morning in cold glass cans and keep in a cold place.
All kinds of fruit are canned in about tho same way except in the amount	sugar sed
perfectly sound gg should be used and they should not be cooked long enough to destroy the natural flavor.


*

x
MEWS FROM HOC HEART OF THE BRITISH EMPIRE.
: ON THE FARM.
whent bran In connection the ration to both the wort
it is cooling an<
COMPLETE OUTFITS SUPPLIEI BY FATHER NEPTUNE.
X
HOME.
X

;<
•v %• ? ? ? •> < ? ?>?> •> ?? ? •> *H**> ? ANNOYANCE FROM FLIES.
Paragraphs that will Intereot the Sons of Old England in Can-
adii.
Would be Very Expensive but Comfortable and Durable.
***********
None but and fresh fruits
During the hot months of July, August and September, flies cause great loss by annoying dairy cows, fattening cattle and work horses. If the entire neighborhood would cooperate in keeping swamps drained and premises clean tho fly pests would not bo so bad. Of course, in new countries, flies breed in prairie grass, particularly marshy lands Here they cannot be controlled so readily. Tho covering of work animals is of considerable advantage, but this does not help much when the flies are very numerous dairy cattle and stock not at work, possibly one of the best methods of preventing loss is to keep them ill dark stables during tho heat of the day. Flies will not go into dark places.
In order to note tho effect of flies on milch cows, Frof. W. L. Carlisle divided fourteen cows into two lots about equal in every respect ing the daytime one lot was kept in a small paddock, having an abundance of shade. The other lot was placed in a comfortable stable provided with screen doors and windows. Tho lot in the paddock were on the move constantly fighting flies, while tho others in the stable were suffering no annoyance. Comparing the result from tho standpoint of milk nnd butter, it was shown that the cows protected from flies produced 120 per cent, more butter than those in the open lot.
In several torts made on an la dairy farm it was found practicable to keep the cows in a dark stable and discard screens. Tho cows thus stabled were practically free from flics and gave more milk than those left out of doors. Tho cows were allowed to run in the pasture during tho night and early morning and required but little supplementary feed.
If it is impracticable to use screens or to darken a stable, tho next best thing to do is to apply some repellent to the skin. A number of those tho market and many of them
The fund for the national memori-Queon Victoria now exceeds
lions
is natural
Kxnnnno^^HI
now, young and old are sharp have them floated And a horse holding a wad of hay in the side of his mouth have his eth attended to at once sure sign that they arc sharp.
Never give n horse all the hay he will cat. That alone will keep a horse out of condition.
Tho horse has a small stomach in proportion to his size nnd when doing hard work ho should be fed nutritious foods and fed regularly.
If you are driving a long journey nnd you become hungry you may be
horse feels it more than
A man could fit himself out from the crown of his head to the soles of I nl to hie feet without using a tingle ma 1108,000
tvrtal grown cm land. Such an out-1 jn certain London hotels wine left tit would not bo very cheap, but it I on the tables is the waiters' pcrqwl-would be exceedingly warm and com-1 fortsble, and would wear fur a very long time.
To begin with his boots, what is commonly known in the trade as
This porpoise-hide is really white| The lawns at Buckingham Palace whale-skin, and, ns a single white j are sufficiently large to allow of the whale gives a piece of leather 60 ft. | manoeuvring of 2,000 men, long by 35 ft. wide, one hide will make many dozen pairs of boots, and then leave plenty of strips for cutting into laces.
Socks, as well as nil under-gar-	. .	.	.	...
m<?ntor tufts, of the pinnT a sori^oi I bîned %ting"capatity' Tor 400%
shellfish, which supplies a brown, I people.
silky material, already much used in People In the west end of Ix>ndoi Sicily as a silk substitute. It can arc spending much money this year bo dyed any color, and worked up I on external floral decorations for
into a soft, warm fabric.	I their houses.
For lus suit, the tailor Who made it would find a wide choice. For summer wear, the skin of the burbot a fish found in Russian waters, is
Th. Ben Senfiold hold.
„ra,w, u, u. "5; ESS1 :.22î‘«SfASïrK:
000 acres in Invcrncsshiro.
FANCY BREADS
the teeth of all horses
If the teeth If you
Rusks.—For the sponge of the rusk mixture, use one-half cupful of sea tied milk, one teaspoonful of salt, and when the milk cools slightly put in one yeast cake. When the sponge is light, add to it one-fourth jup of sugar, one-fourth cup of melted butter and three unbeaten Add flour enough to make a dough. Then beat vigorously
While boiling hot they should bo sealed in air tight glass jars, tilled to overflowing to exclude every particle of air, then quickly sealed. Get the jars ready first, have jar and top perfectly clean and scald them. Examine the rubbers; if stiff nnd hard it is said they may be softened by soaking in ammonia water, but ns they are only five cents a dozen it is usually best to buy new ones. Fit them on the jars, half fill the jar with water, screw on the top and turn upside down on the table. If a drop of water escapes the jar is not air-tight and tho fruit will not keep, so try
till you get them tight. Leave the rubber on and turn them upside down on tho back of the stove till drained, each top with its jar, then reverse them wide-mouthed funnel also scalded and heating with the jars. Then tnko the fruit, say cherries, for example; they should not be overripe; pick them over, removing stems, etc , stone or not, as you please. If pio or Morello cherries allow half ft pound of sugar to a pound of cherries, or more, if you like them sweet. Put in a porcelain-lined kettle and cook till well heated through and rather clear; skim off froth, fill the jars, wipe off rubbers, screw the top tightly, turn upside down on tho table. If any juice exudes, empty back into the kettle nnd try another rubber. When cool give another screw to the top, nnd keep in a cool, dark place.
Tho net profit porntion trains during the past y oar amounts to £31,058.
On an average 600,000 Irish, 260,*
on the Leeds cor-
It is a
i
frgg»
soft
with Uie hands. After having added the flour and beaten the mixture, shape it. Take one rounding spoonful and shape it like a long linger roll. Place them in the pan close together, cover carefully with a cloth and another pan and allow the mixture to rise until very light. Then the baking requires about 20 minutes in a hot oven. After tho rusk mixture is baked cut it up in slices somewhat on the bias, put in a dripping pan and place in the aven to brown.
Salad Rolls—Use one pint of scalded milk, one-fourth cup of butter, one-eighth cup of sugar and one
teMpoonftol of salt cupfuls of flour will be necessary to form that into a sponge. Use anywhere from one-quarter whole cakes of yeast. Mix the yeast with one-fourth cup of warm water, and do not increase the quantity of water with the quantity of yeast. After the sponge is good and light, add to it enough more flour to form a dough, giving it a good vigorous beating. Allow it to rise until it doubles its bulk, then take it out of the pan and form into small rolls. Separate each one with a bit of butter, crowd close in the pan and allow them to rise for a few moments. In a quick oven bake about 12 min-
take the white
With
A man ham given a Reading manna ft penny for finding a lost purse containing £300 in notes and gold.
sure your you do.
Give him his dinner if you can get for yourself for he needs it
another rubber
There are 330 places of public on-
none
more
sus
Have a
Dur-
FOULTRY YARD
A pound of powdered nnpthnlenv crystals in a gallon of kerosene makes a good lico killer, a much needed article at this season.
The young and old birds cannot be
The for-
In tho past forty years Great Britain ham produced forty million tons of steel, or about ono-third of the world's total product.
About three
fed right if fed together mer should have a feeding coop or a small
to two
yard that the latter cannot
waterproof
enter.
Tho right kind of a man will sot' that his chickens do not trouble his neighbors. Wo know of two families who have been enemies for ten years, and all on account of one old rooster. Nonsense!
As inquiries about preserving eggs for winter continue to come to us, we say again:	For family use dip
strictly fresh eggs in an alcoholic solution of salicylic acid and pack them in cotton. Store in boxes or barrels in a dry place and as cool as can be found in summer.
Don’t get angry at the broody hen.
The
warm
Salmon skin, which, when
delicate wash-leather,
on
1 clltblcs	¦	_	„	.	_ .	, _
would be suitable for spring or au- The Manchester School Board has
The scale-marks give a 47,000 scholars on the books and !,• pattern to salmon-skin 577 teachers. There are 16,300 pupils and 066 teachers at the evening schools.
tumn wear very neat leather.
FOR WINTER WEAR.
nnd for overcoats, sealskin cannot be beaten for warmth or beauty.
¦¦¦H wing these garments to-I The theatres, music get her sinews of the walrus would cert rooms arc crowded. Every ho-afford a very strong thread, ~ or, if | tel is full of visitors.
be	from
the same shellflsh-elIk already mentioned, wardrobe beautiful variety
cut from oyster shells varies in color from white, through iridescent,
black
made from walrus tusks, ami these I greater than that of herrings, and could he dyed purple with tho same constitutes one-third of the value of Imurcx shell fish which provided the | all tho fish annually taken.
mm
rican waters,	I Tho royal monogram which is to
Kelskin, properly tanned and pro- be placed upon the King’s liveries ia pared, is already extensively used for 0f tho neatest possible style, and making braces, nnd would bo used consists of tho letters E. K. with for this purpose by our sea-dressed yjj beneath- them. The somewhat subject. Equally near home could flombuoyant manner in which tho material for gloves be secured The royal cypher appeared upon tho liv-cormnon flatfish of British coasts ; cry Qn(j harness of the previous sov-can be so dressed and prepared os to j erc|gn now gives place to a severer resemble the very finest kid. A fac- taste, and this applies not only to tory for the manufacture of kid from tho full State trappings, but also to halibut-skin has already begun oper- | ^ Ascot and Goodwood liveries,
both of which are also in prepara-
London, to all appearances, was never more prosperous than now.
halle and con-
AN ARTISTIC IDEA
For
A clever girl, who has mors taste
To glaze them on the top, than money, has adorned her room
of egg, beat it and with charming pictures by utilizing add to it one tablespoonful of war engravings from high-class maga-tcr, and brush your rolls over before yinos. Not wishing to incur the exbaking.	pense of framing them, tho young
P.irker House Rolls.—Take the [woman bought several sheets of round ball well risen, butter one .blue blotting paper such as art gal-eide slightly, put the thick side lories use in crayon work, and some over and press the two together sheets of gray cardboard- Selecting gently, and allow this to rise for the pictures that had a good deni of
-¦ja*	arranged them on blue
The value of fish landed in Great Britain and Ireland last year was fully nine millions and a half sterling, as compared with less than seven millions in 1892.
As for buttons, the ocean affords an immense and
Mother-of-pearl
she is only following nature first time she Is caught in the act remove her gently from the nest to a coop, slatted at sides and ft vered on top. Have this coop in the poultry runs and move it often. Iivd her well. The longer you tn'ow her to sit the more 'set' ir. her w;.ys she will become.
Poultrymen who own
have surplus milk have a decided advantage over those who do not. Milk is both food and drink and at this season is especially beneficial to the growing birds. A safe way to supply it is to heat it scalding hot and when it has cooled let them drink ns much as they want within
an hour in the morning HPHJ
then be disposed of and the vessels cleaned than poison
are on
will last two or three days after ap-
As n rule two applications
The value of haddock landed on Lovely ivory buttons can be I English coasts is usually £800,000
to
plxing*™™* a week are sufficient. The compound, whatever it may be, should be rub-
the flanks, legs, necks and along the base of the horns or any spots where flys arc most annoying. This should not bo neglected. Of course, witlv large herds of fattening cattle, the application of a compound of this character is rather difficult, but most of them can be put on with a small spray pump. If the cattle driven slowly through a narrow the entire herd can be
about five minutes before pitting in light, she the oven.	limits cut large enough to leave a
Bread Sticks.—Start wfth a ball, * margin. Those that abounded in roll on a clean board where there is shadows were affixed to the gray no flour. The stick will double its ' mats. The special and unique feat-size In the rising, so start with a ure of the work, however, was the very small stick ns to diameter. I mode of fastening the pictures in Braids —Braid three strands into 'place. Those on tho blue mats were pn ordinary braid. Cut up and 1 secured at the corners by a circle of pinch together at the ends, or it | red scaling wax about the size of a will spring open in the rising. Put five-cent piece, stamped in the mid-on the pan to rise. They may be die with her monogram seal. Some glazed like other rolls.	(on the gray mats were fastened with
Dow Knots.—Start with a long black wax, some with blue, sealed in piece of dough and tie in ft double the same fashion. By way of vari-bow knot. For a variety from the 0tv, the seals were affixed in different sticks for the dinner serve S’s and places. Some were on every corner,
some on diagonal corn some on the two upper, with a seal in the middle at the lower edge. The general effect was extremely pretty, and of her friends have boldly ap-
bed on
cows and
are
It should
passage, _	|
sprayed in a very short time. Dairy cows, work horses and any stock kept in the stable can be easily
treated.
Rotten milk is little better
MAKING AN OFFICER
8’s
CHEESE MAKING ON THE FARM
Tho articles needed for making | What a Course of Sandhurst Costs dairy cheese are from six to twelve cows and tub or vat that will hold two milkings. If of wood the night’s milk would be warmed in tho part in the work of officering the morning to the proper temperature British Army you can only do it at of 84 degrees. Or one may have a a very considerable cost. The son jacketed or double tin tub. Then of a civilian pays at Sandhurst all of the milk can be warmed by $750 a year. The year is divided inpouring hot water in the jacket and to two terms, nnd nt the beginning drawing it off, when the milk issuf-|0f each the parents pay $375 in ttd-
A whey tub and a
a Parent
IIOW TO KEEP COOL
many
Open house in the cool hours of i preprinted the idea day and night. Do not be afraid of jiight air. It is beneficent and not baneful. Draughts __ ore not to bo feared. A full draught of air is not Injurious to anyone. It Is supposed that a slight draft will cause a cold, but a full draught will not.
People are altogether too much
arc made up too quickly after being | study was his shrine and who never	arc aiso needed Next comes I has occupied three terms, nnd there-
ysed. In these days of microbes and : permitted any papers to be touched tho cheese knife (which may be a foro costs parents $1125 germs, housekeepers may learn to • and who, when his wife insisted on woo(|cn one) to cut the curd at the the course will only occupy two, for Ahink there arc other things worse removing some of the accumulated proper time so as to start the whey, which $750 will be paid, so that than air.	j dust of weeks, always stood in the then the cheese basket, which any payment will be exactly in the same
When the house is full to over- room like a bull-dog guarding a tinman can make and cut inch holes proportion to the time spent in the flowing with the freshness of the bone, overslept himself one morning.	over the bottom and sides of the Military Academy. In addition to
tnorning. and the outer air is warm- When he came down to his study basket. A thin strainer cloth must the $375 paid in advance the newly-pig up with	the	middle forenoon his first search was for a bundle of	placed inside the basket to re- I joined cadet pays $150 os well.
$un, close the house and draw the papers that he had left on his chair ccjVe the curd, which is carefully with this he is supplied with unishades on the sunny side. Keep the the night before. These were not dipped into it at Intervals after f0rm, books, instruments, barrack-hot air out in midday.	j forthcoming. The mathematician standing a proper time for the whey room furniture to the extent of n
Keep employed at something inter- galled the servant. ‘ Where arc the	to begin to separate from the	curd.	^ chcst of	drawers, wnsh.stanrl,
eating, and don't think about how , papers that were there?" lie asked	For a dipper a piece	of tin	like a|bath, chair, and what is scheduled
hot” the	weather is. Think about	sternly.	milk skimmer is used.	It must be	somewhat misleadingly as "an offi-
something	else. Cultivate content	"Lawks,	sir!"	said	the	girl,	did	there so as not to break	the curd. A	cer'8 horse.” Carpet and any other
and a k>ve	for even the most menial	you want	them.	1	lit	the	dining-	cheese hoop, some cheese	boards and	chairs and comforts he must provide
duties. Love your work, love your	room fire with them!’	a cheese press complete	this primi-	^or himself, nnd generally does so by
family, and do cheerfully and quick- | *t first the mathematician could tivo equipment. The size of dairy h|ring Camberlcy. ly all you have to do. Make every hardly believe his own cars. Then cheese that sell best arc those that Expenses do not end here, as no nf-motion tell as far ns possible.	[the terrible truth dawned upon him. weigh from 15 to 25 lbs. each. HI ternoon tea is provided for the gen-
Wear comfortable clothing in The servant had used as firelights there arc no hoops or press at hand Uiemcn cadets, who arc growing lads which to work; dark gowns are to the manuscript of a treatise it had doubtless any dairy supply house l(1 much too hungry | be preferred for the common house-. taken him fifteen years to compile,	could furnish them.	one o’clock	lunch to eight o'clock
hold labor. Then when the work is practically the only tangible record	only half the battle	is won	when	mess. Lunch	is somewhat monoto-
done in afternoon, take a bath, ' of fifteen years’ unremitting labor, the cheese is made and out of th0 n0us. as fivc days out of seven it lie down if you like for an hour, then ( that represented a sum of money not press. The curing is a most impor- | ^^s of cold meat, and tnc cadets employ yourself in some pleasant lcS9 thau	$25,000.	tant matter, and but few iomr	mostly supplement it with jam which
By	the	destruction	of	some	large	houses have suitable rooms for tnis	they buy at the canteen.
'printing works by fire a few years purpose where a low, dry tempera- From " the canteen also they get great deal of	valuable	manu-	turc can be kept in hot weather.	their note pnpcr (at their own ex-
than	one	anyone intends to make a binsincss	pense)f nnd at their own expense al-
of making dairy cheese a sum r k	so tho little silver-headed cherry-
should be fitted up with an 1	.	wood swagger cane, the carrying of
in the centre and water Ia	which is de rigueur, and might well
from tho same. In nm ui g - be expected to be provided out of the cheese from a large number of cows
a cheese room of cheese house would
be fitted up with factory apparatus
and run us a factory, only on a
smaller scale. And the cheese made
by any factory process would be
much like the factory make, but
with the advantage of only one herd
furnishing the milk and that
of uniform quality.
If you want to fit your son to take
at ions near Calais, in France It would take nil the gold from | tion some 7000 tons of sea water to make
EXPENSIVE FIRELIGHTS
Sir Rod vers Duller, speaking at Huddersfield, said tho general who was
Cases Where Fortunes Have Been
Consumed.
A COM) WATCH CASE,
might be had to tho
lucky enough to command Brit-skin of the angel-shark, out of which I troops had very little trouble in the Turks make most exquisite cases, J ^ing what he wanted. He would
sea-green and smu-transpumit.
These leathers can be. and some-
so recourse
fluently warm
of cheese tongs to lay across
vancc
Hitherto the course of instruction
not make comparisons where all were good, but no general ever had times are, prepared with the oil of thc fionor Gf leading a more devoted and adorn himself with sea jewels, 'ga| ant or self-sacrificing men than h* but he could provide himself from jia(j in Natal. Although ho believed the menhaden, an American fish, and cven yet that their full difficulties the latter oil is also employed in wcr0 not appreciated, it was a fact making delicate-scented soaps.	that they did overcome them.
Not only could a man dress in garments made from sea products, the sea with many other articles of everyday use which are usually produced on land.
Walking-sticks of whale-bone are tough, and almost unbreakable; while sticks made from the horn of the swordfish arc very beautiful and valuable. Combs nnd the handles of penknives are made of tortoiseshell.
Bandoline and other preparations for fixing the hair arc manufactured from carrageen, or Irish moss, a species of seaweed.
Few people have the faintest idea how large a part seaweed plays in daily life. All that vegetable hair which upholsterers use so largely for stuffing sofas and chairs is seaweed.
In future
i
for the use
The new throne
Queen Alexandra is an almost exa replica of tho old one. Its design is mainly Tudor-Gothic, the seat being embroidered in gold and silver after the Gothic pattern of the one usod by Queen Victoria, the back consisting of a very handsome embroidered Hovai Standard, which is surmounted by a beautiful gilt scroll centrepiece on which are inscribed the letters "V. R." It was the Kings special command that__”V. R. should not bo replaced by ‘ E. K.
to wait from
SCOTLAND AND IRELAND.
table shows the
Tho following I	.	.
growth of tho population in Scotland and the decline in Ireland during the last half-century:—
Scotland.
way.
We know women
find time for this rest, and for read- , agQ a ing and writing some. Do be com- KCript was lost, in more fortable. Restful to all around you casc the result of many a long year instead of like a whirlwind or cy- • of iafo0r and research, clone, stirring everything and every- jn 1750 a fire originated among
in	Lon-
As" a result of this a large col-

on a farm can
.
...2,888,742
8,062,294 3,360,018 3.735,573
.......4.025.647
4,471,957
A PARROT STORY.
A parrot in a remote country district escaped from its cage, and settled on the roof of a laborer's cottage. When it had been there a little time the laborer caught sight of
lie had never seen such a thing before, and after gazing in admiration at the bird with its curious beak and beautiful plumage he fetched a ladder and climbed up with a view of securing so great a prize. When he had reached the level of the top of the roof tho parrot flapped a wing at him and said:
What d'ye want?
Very much token aback the laborer touched his cap and replied:
I beg your pardon, sir, I thought you were a bird.
1851 1861
1871....
1881 1891
• ••*«•
##»#####
am*##
••••••
•••••••##
body up.	some papers
An equable disposition can be cul- don tivated. and it will do ns much to- lotion of very valuable manuscripts wards keeping one cool during the ail(] documents perished, all record summer solstice as anything we can of which is of course gone. A few mention. Cliollio makes comfortable j yeara later a fire that originated in gowns for home wear in the after- Lord Mansfield's library burnt I ¦¦¦Costs almost nothing and is manuscripts valued at many thou-casy to “do up.”	sands of pounds.
4	When the Germans were bombard-
ing Paris in the war of 1870-71, a
HOW TO DO THINGS.
Raspberry jam is greatly improved tjiat resulted in a tremendous sacii-ty adding currant juice, about a f1C0 Gf historic letters and manu-third as much as you have of rasp- fiCripts, as was also the case when berries; it will nut hurt to leave a Moscow was burnt by the Russians few nice large currants in also. Use to baulk Napoleon a pound of sugar to a pound of fruit, been alleged that the burning of To dry string beano for winter Moscow was started in a huge li-Cut them in three pieces, brary with priceless documents as lengthwise and spread them upon firelights.
plates. Put under glass in the hot Another instance of the careless-sun, or that failing, in a cool oven. ncss Qf a housemaid is as follows: A Do not leave them out after the dew well-known collector of rare manu-fjails. Soak them over night before scripts was carving a ham at the using.	breakfast table when the paper ham-
Mony consider it an Improvement frjn attracted his attention. A to boil corn In the husk. Remove close scrutiny revealed tho “frill” as the outer husks, and strip down the being a fragment of a letter written inner ones and take out the silk, by a famous personage, and worth, then turn back the husks and tie to- perhaps, $1250. Investigations fol-gether at the top. Plunge iuto salt- lowed when it was discovered that ed boiling water, and boil twenty the girl had used a bundle of autominutes. When done cut off tho graph letters, priced at $6,300, as • Ik end which will free the ha ks. ham-frills and firelights.
Currants canned without cooking retain their flavor much better than whea cooked. Mash thoroughly and add €P.e pou*4 of granulated sugar «very pOtend berries. Stir
• ••••
• •• • •
1901
• •
Ireland
No lad can manage at nil at Sandhurst without $10 a month pocket money—indeed, very few attempt it under $15, and many boys have as much as $100 and $150, although in the regulations the sum put down as actually necessary is $7.50. In addition to the $750 paid by the parents there is a Government allowance of 75c a day for each cadet.
This is not paid to him, but goes towards his messing and contingent
it
i=ii
iSSir.r::::.r:::::tS:Sr
Thus Scotland has now a largei 1 \ ulation than Ireland.
noon
of cows
NEVER MIND THE OTHERS.
mm*
him ?
1*
brandy in the rules?
Y«X
Tfccn never
HORSE TALK
One reason why we have so many account poor horses in the market is that From all this it will be seen that too many farmers practice the tough- tho cost of educating one’s son for tiling plan. '	the army is almost prohibitive, as
They put the colts in a bare, dry allowance must be made as well for pasture with no shade or comfort, mufti clothing and holidays, which and when they are pot-bellied and occupy about three months of the poor they're being properly hard. I year. Aft this it is impossible for Such colts ore stunted in growth a young man to live in the cheapeast and every bit of style and spirit is line regiment with less than $500 a starved out of them.	| year of private allowance. ,
No amount of care and feed in after life can ever fully retrieve the ruin wrought by the first year two of such neglect.
The colt must be kept growing ings has thriftily from the start if you want I built of tnnbei
a fine horse*	. . V »
It has, indeed
A FRIEND OF SLUM CHILDREN.
At the age of eighty-seven Mrs. Smyly, a well-known philanthropist, has just died in Dublin. More, than 1,000 children are maintained in homes established through her ex
erti°ns^^MB^H^HÉ^HHHBBIi
woman she founded a little school for poor children in a hay-loft in a Dublin slum. She collected not less than $60,000 per annum in the cause of the destitute children of Dublin. As the result of her labors seven homes and four free day-schools have been established in the city, and in co-operation with the Bird’s Nest at Kingstown, have turned many thousands of hopeless slum children into good and useful citizens of the Empire.
use
rules to revive
While still u very young
The most wooden of large towns is Seattle, which, out of 14,000 build-
only 467 which are
or
not
À young man was walking up the Rough usage and neglect will ne-1 platform of one of our railway sta-rer make a hardy horse	tions looking for a carriage. He o |
Some say " that “feed is above ©ned the door of one and found breed,” but we say, tho game is lost contained n woman and several without a combination of tho two. I children, whereupon ho exclaimed ; ¦	¦ in the windows and I oh, this must bo a baby school!
mind the other fifteen.
K
ALMOST STARTLING.
It » etrnnge tlt.t roti'«»
-arsyr ft	w «
after some young girl.
Put screens	I
t* keep the files out of the I yes, replied the indignant mother ;
stables. It will save feed and flesh I the monkey carriage is lower down.
Spain had only one battleship left at the end of the recent war. She is now building six new war-vessels.


for

/

{
j


L
###PAGE###3###





f
Ht WITHOUT KHOWIHB1T
always heady fob wab
CEYLON AND INDIA
NATURAL LEAF

I

Reasons Why Germany it Ever
Up in Arms.

^-SEASES THAT CREEP INTO
THE SYSTEM.
When it is Time to Consult tor go to a Hospital
3=S®5 BS
It must bo very horrid, from ono point of view, to bo a German, says tlio London Spectator. Wo English constantly forget it, because we onco admire and slightly dread the action of the German emperor, but no people are anything like so dangerously situated uh the Germans, xvho nt three days' notice be lighting for their lives.
¦ON TBA. ha* replaced many other package teas. ju*t a* the Oylon epluced tbs China and Japan Teas cn account or the puritv and alrrnirth.
Lead Paokagta, 26, 30, 40, 60 and SO Cento
O
Teas have r
a Doc-
at
Is Free from Any Particle of Coloring Matter; is Dainty and Invigorating ; is the only tea that suits fastidious palates and is wholesome for the most delicate digestions.
If Yah W*an+ bwtm-nuship»n ,onr
Il I VU VV «an l BUTTER, :00#, POULTRY. APPLES ether PHVIT8 end PRODUOf, u
The Dawson Commission Co.
all
may
...	Wo
ll.sli got panics occasionally, but
I*41 vo always a secret confidence
the eoa
IT IS ALSO A BRITISH PRODUCT
##e#e#e#e#e###e#e##tee#e#e#e#e#e#e#e#e###e
wo

i
in
m m m	m Ceylon Teas are sold In Sealed Lead
A I Jft IlM Packets only. Black, filxed, Uncolored 2% mm I fl I 111 Ceylon Green. Free samples sent.
wJtmm Address “SALADA,” Toronto.
BEHEEEk
intal malady is usually the gayest of
and* whether from ignor- ..—----
nee of it, or out of bravado appears unconscious of his dumrsr Tin ,ng form ot Paralysis but the man
* *llltbe cl'OCrful even when breathing 85orne?	^	^ **“ BetlUo1
Ills last, and will laugh at the doc- #h<,Wtid tho doctor to bo ri«ht* tor's suggestion that ho should make Allothcr ,ovm of Ulle complaint
m ^ he Austrians have many troubles, but they have only one foreign enemy, and a friend whom they regard as almost irresistibly strong. 'I Im French

, mortals,
¦¦ are nervous, but they can bo invaded only from one side, and besides their frequent historic success against that enemy they trust in an ally, who they think will make the invaders always dread attack in the rear.
Hut tho Germans are liable to invasion at once from tho east and from the west, in each case by the mightiest armies of Europe, separated from them only by frontiers which in history have always been successfully passed. * • Tho rock upon which the German military system rests is black necessity. No German's homo can bo made without a prodigious army, an army unprocurable by wages; and even that army, vast as it is, would not be sufficient security but for a professional perfection which makes it superior to enemies far beyond itself in the numbers who can be drawn together for battle. Taking the fighting class as 6 per cent, of the nation, Germany has only 8,000,000 Warriors, against 9,1*00,000 who might be opposed to her, and the difference can only be made up by incessant attention, rigid drill, and a certain military tone infused into the whole life of the nation. Everybody, to take a single illustration familiar to all Germans, must not only be ordered, but be ready to give up his horse if the cavalry requires the beast, or to obey with a certain willingness any other requisition.
0^KîX»5X5)@K$®®(5
;
SHORT AND SWEET
; Printing Material for Sale
Perhaps one of tho shortest courtships was that of an eminent American jurist hold court in a town when ho met a young woman returning from market "How deep is the creek and what did you get for your butter ?"aeked the judge.
Up to tho knee and eighteen cents/' was the answer, as the girl walked on.
The judge pondered over the sensible brevity of tho reply, turned his horse, rode back, and overtook her. 1 liked your answer just now,"
I think Will
:
He was on his way to
an

his will.
Another disease which
shows itself in a hand-dog expression of the face which tho bearer believes to be duo to fatigue. If, in addition to this, he cannot easily raise tho upper lip or bring the eyelids together, ho is certainly suffering from a growing form of paralysis, though ho feels os though ho could perform any proscribed athletic feat.
An outward and visible sign of shaking palsy is a slow movement of tho lips while outing—a trifling and perhaps unnoticed habit. It is generally accompanied by a tendency to walk fast, and Anally
BREAK INTO A RUN.
If you find yourself running down a crowded thoroughfare, when you intended to take a stroll, drop into a hospital.
That much affected pose, the faraway look, may arise from les» beautiful causes than a of thought stage of meningitis satisfaction coupled with a tremendous increase of vanity does not noDisease often disguises Its op- Before ho became known to fame ho
fty°Uh in many'caseg1 precededj I'erthshlre and wus not considered a wonderful increase of bodily fitness particularly attractive preacher At and mental power, by which latter hls suggestion extensive alterations the possessor feels capable of squnr- w’cre made In the transept of his ing tho circle or discovering the church, mid these hud the effect of fourth dimension.	sweeping away considerable seating
All sorts of things may mean accommodation danger signals to health. Wrinkles the alterations had been effected, ho on the forehead and a difficulty In visited the church to see how t look-nnnilinir #lin nvoq miiv	"liiriro	What do you think of tho un-
"f *	“»	CT”1*’ Jo,m 10 —1 " - • P«l«t ¦*« dmlllrl.. hr lb.	'VX	Z
to postpone seeing the doctor.	* 8lcr
creeps on without the victim being conscious
of it is hydrophobia WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊttti
symptom of it is a slight fixed smile which in time develops into a laugh, then settles down into a grin would at once be ordered to a hospital, but would probably scoff at the idea
Hie earliest
I 4
•	One Four Roller Campbell Press, front delivery, bed 43x56, $1200 •
#	One Four Roller Campbell Press, bed 37x52,	.
e
Ho
•1100

Then tho grin assumes a sardonic expression, the muscles of tho neck stiffen, and the man becomes seriously ill.
Locomotor ataxy is a complaint that has a sneakish, underhand way of asserting itself	$g
difficulty in going downstairs ; but on turning round and ascending, find everything Is all smoothWÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊË going down again, tho unsteadiness in your feat returns. You attribute it to stillness from walking, or to some unnatural position of lying in bed, and think no more about it.
If you close your eyes and can stand still and straight for one win-
safe
o
$ i
0 Two 7-col. quarto Brown Folding Machines, each ,
. $400
l.o said, "and I like you. you would make a good wife you marry mo ?"
She looked him over and said
!
#
. $550 I
You find some
"Yes."
•Two Rdger's Typography, in first-class order, each . .
Then get up behind mo, and wo will ride to town and get married."
She did get up behind, and they rode to the court-house and were made one though tho courtship had been, the marriage proved a pre-eminently happy one.
4 4
?
But in
Ç Also Cutting Machine, Stones, Stands, Body and Display Typ

# All this Machiuery is In First-Class Order. Easy Terms will be Given, m	or Special Discount for Cash. On account of adding a more up-to-date
%	Plant the above Machinery and Type will be disposed of at a SacrlSce.
It Is recorded that, brief
poetic train It may be an early A look of self-
i
Î The Wilson Publishing Co., of Toronto
•	TORONTO. CANADA.
#.#*#.#.#*#*#*#*#»#*#*#*#*#«#*#*# $##*#*#*#*#
uto
JOHN WANTED TO KNOW.
J Limited
#
YOU ARE ALL RIGHT.
But if you sway, it may bo locomotor ataxy, and it in time you consulted a doctor. But don't lot all those who cannot stand steady for & minute think they have locomotor ataxy
gest n much simpler explanation.
Typhoid creeps on In a very stealthy, unobtrusive fashion. If when you awake with a headache your palms have a saffron color, and a glance at the soles of your feet i shows them to be of a corresponding tint, you are probably entering on the stages of typhoid. If your face has a dull expression, intensified by a bulging of the pupils of the eyes, there is also a possibility that this disease is imminent
Sometimes a man will complain of a touch of rheumatism in the shoulder, but will go on with his work as if nothing was the matter. Ho may be in for pleurisy, as this is one of its earliest symptoms. A hardened liver, too, also shows itself first in a slight pain in the shoulder bla.de.
A man once went to a physician complaining that lie could not walk without keeping his head bent towards the ground. The doctor saw that ho was suffering from a creep-
How is it that Smith seems just as poor as ever? I heard ho was one of the heirs to a mi llion?^HH was; but you see there were seven hundred and fifty other heirs.
SPECIAL TRAIN TO SAN FRANCISCO.
For Canadian delegates and all others going to the Kpworth League Convention, via Chicago and NorthWestern Railway, to leave Chicago Tuesday, July 9th, 11.59 p. m. Stops will be made at Denver, Colorado Springs, Glen wood Springs
Oh, he
Their conscience may sug-


FRAGRANT
Cheap round trip rate between St. Paul. Minn., and tho Pacific coast
On July Gth the Northern Pacifie Ry. will place in effect a low first-class round trip rate of $15.00 from eastern terminals to Seattle, Tacoma and Portland. Dates of sale
at eastern terminals will be from July Gth to July 13th inclusive, and the final limit for return will be Aug, 31st,	1901
reached not later than stopovers being allowed IN DIRECTION limits.
This offers an unsurpassed opportunity for those desiring to hunt new homes and farms to go Into the northwest and look over the country, or for those wishing to visit relatives or friends or to make pleasure trips, to do so.
One day, after
Older berths early, as
Destination must bo
waamju\v ¦¦¦pnmii.n
within the transit
‘
French ironclads, built In Govern-
Thc biggest incubator in the world
is at Batary, near Sydney, in A us- I ment dockyards have cost on an av-
11,440 1er age 30 per cent, more than those built by contractors. In the British Navy the price is almost the same.
THE COMMONEST OF All TR0UB1ES.
CURIOUS CUSTOMS.
tralia. It accommodates ducks' or 14,080 hens' eggs
Places in England Where You Can Live for Nothing a Day.
Tho Duke of Cornwall presented in Sydney war medals to one thousand men and two nurses for service in South Africa.
mud's LiDlsem motion's friend.
In Norwich, England, there are three days in tho year when anyone may claim a very substantial meal for nothing. The only qualification # I for it is that tho applicant shall repeat aloud, in St. Giles' Church, a I prayer for the sovereign's health.
HER MOTHER FEARED SHE I Afterwards they partake of a meal
of broth, beef and bread, topped oil with a liberal allowance of beer.
Katrina—Hans, vy you didn’t geef mo dot gold necklace mine last birthday? Hans—I vas afraid dot he was make you look so pooty somebody else fall in lofe mit you.
What do you mean by saying the I Beware of Ointments for Catarrh I M for Miliar!* and take DO Oilier
defendant s words carried weight	that contain Mercury
ISWiîS	j	SEHBsS?
dents of Orangeville is Mrs. Mar- will be given you. At Rochester, in	,repo.rtod- 4 ?,hls f*ct ls un" ers from Catarrh, Bronchitis, Asth-
shall, who lives in a pretty little	Kent, there is	a hotel where you can	L. ,,ue t®,llthol w!do U8CI,°	ma, and other diseases of this class
cottage on First street. For some	get a supper,	a night's lodging, and	. 3 #^( “ey jy 8 „ th° caillcl	liavo bcen vainly striving to effect a
conversation recently with a reporter Ducks is a rare place for hospital- ,iv?reû t>.?,curttl>1 e •a®d	. . odd ‘ less. A marvellous advance was
of the Sun Mrs. Marshall told tho fol-	ity. If you happen	to be cycling, or	xlt ncy I111» were introduced it was	ma(je the scientific treatment of
lowing story of her daughter's suf-	wandering in	the	neighborhood of	l9'v.,r,ot' ®0' however, now.	these maladies when that marvellous
faring and subsequent restoration to	Waddesdon any day	in tho year, you	? ,* Kl<!ncy 11118 ,I1JVC ,a™ost	method known as the Catarrhozone
wiped the disease out. Nor is Dia-	; trcatmcnt was promulgated. At
betos heard of now to any great ex-	, once the medical world’s attention
I was directed towards this mode of 1 he most common form by winch	treatment, and it would be impossi-
Kidney Disease manifests itself 1S	hje to mention any medical man of
Backache, and here Dodd s Kidney	the first rank that would now rePills are doing their most active	commen(i any other. The best medi-
work. 1 hey are recognized as the	ca| men recommend this new mode
surest fcnd quickest cure for Back-	of treatment, ministers, lawyers,
ache ever invented. They work on	prominent public speakers and the
the sound principle of going to tho	grcat public with unstinted praise
roof, of the trouble—the Kidneys— \ recommend It wherein they differ from all other Backache medicines except imitations of Dodd's Kidney Pills. They do more than merely relieve. They positively and permanently cure, ns thousands of people are ready to testify.
0. Dionne, a well-known resident
of Matane, says, Hi HÜH Pills have made a grand success in curing me of Backache and I recommend everybody to keep them in the house. They are a wonder as a remedy for Backache and Disease of the Kidneys."
The only votes the King has ever cast in tho House of Lords have been in favor of legalizing marriage with a deceased wife's sister.
A Child's Suffering
DODD’S KIDNEY PILLS ARE USED MORE FOR BACKACHE THAN FOR ANY OTHER KIDNEY AFFECTION.
Keep «inord’s useni in me Bouse.

WOULD NOT REGAIN HER
HEALTH.
For Over Fifty Years
MltF. Wins LOW'S SOOTS I NO Syfcf has been used by million" of mothere for their children while teething. Iteoothes the child, toftrn* the gums, sllayepsln. cures wind colic, regulate* the etomacb end bowel*, and le the belt remedy for Dla.Thma Twenty five cents • botile Bold by druggist* throughout the world. Be sure and ask for " Mat». Wisslow «Soothino SïBUp."

The thickest armor on battleships such as the London, is 12 inches. The Nile, built in 1888, has 20 inches .
Mctllll—Tollere Avenue MONTKEAL
AVENUE HOUSE
Family Hotel rate* #150 per day
lien uiiimi is used by Physicians.
SSSSieSEBSS
honoetly and served with the Beet
I
health:—"At the ago of eight," says can in the morning or evening de-Mrs. Marshall, "Mamie was attacked 1 mand a drink of new milk, and it with rheumatism from which she suf- j will be supplied to you free. A cow fered very much, and although she is kept specially for this purpose by was treated by a clever doctor lier j the parish.
health did not improve. To make her | At Drayton Beauchamp on Boxing condition worse she was attacked, Day, if you wish to apply at the with St. Vitus' dance, and I reallj j door of the vicarage, you will be gave up hope of ever seeing her cn- supplied with all the bread and joy good health again. Her aims 1 cheese you can eat and as much ale and limbs would twitch and jerk J as you can drink, spasmodically and she could scar-1 Still, tho sameness of diet might tely hold a dish in her hand, and had become trying, although during Lent to be looked after almost like an in-I you could vary it by going to Porn-lant
dition a neighbor who had used Dr. | cn herrings and bread Williams’ Pink Pills with beneficial , Christmas, in Burnham, you would results in her own family advised me get a most elaborate meal, with to try them in Mamie's case. I had (plenty of good ale, tobacco, or snuff myself often heard these pills highly to finish with.
spoken of, but it had not occurred to | Perhaps in anticipation of some me before that they might cure my j evil effects of such gratuitous living, little girl, but now I decided to give . Slopton long ago made provision for them to her. Before she had com- free funerals. If death should over-pletcd the second box I could see a take you there you will be buried marked change for tho better, and by free, and the mourners, if any, will the time she had taken five boxes all be provided with a half peck loaf, a grace of both tho rheumatism and St. pound of cheese and four quarts of Vitus' dance had vanished, and she beer, ls now as bright, active and healthy
as any child of her age. Some time	WINGS SPROUTED.
¦su*
» They were talking about trees. My favorite, she said, is the oak. It is so noble, so magnificent in its
But what is ymir fa-
W P C 1085
strcngthJ*U^g^g| vorite? Yew, he replied
CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
So simple, it cures while you breathe it. So prompt its effect seems magical. So effective that its results are absolutely permanent. Catarrhozone is sold by all druggists. The treatment will last from 6 weeks to 3 months, and it only costs $1.00. If you have any doubts to satisfy, send us 10c to cover cost of boxing, mailing, and we will send you a 25c
For all akin ailments*
j. 0. Calvert A Co., Manchester, England
Bed dock, June 11, 1897.
C. C. RICHARDS & CO.
-Dear Sirs,—MINARIVS LINIMENT is my remedy for NEURALGIA,
It relieves at once.
While Mamie was in this con-, ham Royal, where you would bo giv-
And at
DOUGLAS BROS.,
124 Adelaide St, Toroxto, Oxi
Metallic SKYLIGHTS
Brass Band
A. S. MCDONALD
Dodd’s Kidney
11
etc.,
outfit free. Poison Chemical Co., Kingston, Ont., and Hartford, Conn.
Instrumente, Drums, Uniforms. Etc.
EVERY TOWN CAN NAVE A BANC
«JÆT*?1 P,rlcee cv®r quoted. Fire catalogue
Oh, sir, won’t you go in and stop | thing?n *nsî^^W^|rn^na^n^r^'a“7 that man and his wife from fighting?
Just listen to that! Who? Me? Not much I won't. I remember too vividly the fate of tho man who inter- jQomifllOn LfllB StOaiilShlDS fered between mo and my wife	| Monaasi to Liverpool Boston to Uv« r
pool. Portland to Liverpool ViaQ
Did you say that young man in the parlor tried to kiss you, dear? said the young stepmother. Yes, he did, IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE, (replied the daughter. And did you
DOESN’T IT?	tell him you would call me? No, I
. \	. didn’t. Do you think no one in tho
He kissed devoutly the hand that housc wants to be kissed but you? | passed him the autograph album, and wrote therein, "I would write my name upon this page. Would that I could inscribe it upon the purer scroll of your heart, and in that invisible ink which shall only appear as the thing upon which it is written is warmed at the fires of a love which takes no note of time.”
That was a year ago. They are married now ; and when she asks him for his autograph, in the shape of a pretty heavy cheque, to liquidate her millinery bill, he grasps that album, or a larger-sized book if handy, preferably the latter, and threatens to fling it at her head.
Whaley Boyce & Co..
Large sod Kent Stnauuhipo Superior tor sll cl^se-t of pa «songera. Saloons are mm id* hips. Special alien Woo ham been given to tk# Second Saloon and Third Clame accommodation Foi
-Utire
ÙdvitX -Ùa âSvuïi

rates of paeeage and all particulars, apply le nay of the Company,*
25m/* fakt ojuxj cfieuu,cs cU lit wUstl
cj. JLjHonnavut^-t'fc . JUny
77 Since St, Boston.
" Your
FRENCH
I jrjra s
CLEANING.
BRITISH AMERICAS DYEING CO , Mantre*.
WoOi) a Photo I NGR*viN(.
Sf j. l.Jones Fnc C? '
*>flU|OAUHAmi>TW TORONTO
I
30Z0D0NF Tooth Powder 25o


X









###PAGE###4###


SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
03
SHAWVILLB
WE HAVE DECIDED TO
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE.
Wheal, (standard) 70 to 00c. Oat* per bushel, 20 to 30c. Pease per bushel, 60 to (tie. Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. Kggs, per dozen, 10c Butter, per pound, tl to 15c. Wool, per pound, 15 to IGo. Pelt*, each, 00 to 75c.
Hides, #4.00 to #6.50.
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
OTTAWA
Butter, print, lSe. per lb.
“ pails. 13 to 10c. per lb. Kggs, fresh, 12c. per ooz. Potatoes, 40 to 45c. per bag. Lamb, 7 to 12c. per lb. Mutton, 7 tolOe. per lb.
Beef, 3 to 8c. per lb.
Pork. #8.00 to #0.00 per 100. Chickens, 60 to 80e. a pair. Oats, 35 to 33c. per bushel.
Hay, #7.00to #10.00 per ton. Wool, 13 to 14c. per lb.
SHAWVILLE, JULY 25, 1901

•)
CLEAR OUT
K?vvvC
The Australian Census
HARVEST PROBS :
V'NrOMmCTKD RETURNS SHOW INUR1A8R IN
IVITLATION or 230,GtX).
Sydney, May 9 The return* of the new census of the eoui mon wealth of Australia, approximately complete, ahow an increase of
census of 230 The newly federated commonwealth of Australia consiste of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queeensland, Western Australis and Tasmania. The total popu’atiou, according to the latest existing statistics previous to the now census, is placed at 3,845,713.
The balance of our Summer Fabrics and Straw Hats at a sweeping reduction.
Other lines selling closer than ever.
To enable ns to do this we will do away with the Credit System by October 1st, 1901.
ST"
ion since the last
The probabilities are that there will be a Heavy drain Harvest.
KINDERS
MASSEY 1 HARRIS J
An Aston Hotel
ONE TO COST $5,000,000 TO UK 1BBVTKD
IN LONDON.
>
A full line of haying and harvesting Tools always in stock.
are the best made for this kind of work.
TERMS REASONABLE.
London, July 15:—George C. Boldt, of the Waldorf Hotel, backed by the As-tors to the extent of about $7,003,000, ia looking for a aite for a hotel in London, mays the Daily Expreea, and Preaa Whittaker of the New York Netherland ha a made an offer for a big hotel.
According to ths earn; aivlnrity A. H. Williams on behalf of the promoters of another American hotel, has gone to New York to lay the result of his work in securing options for sites before Rue-sell Sage and others interested in th e scheme.
PONTIAC
WOOLLEN
Macfarlane Bros.
P. S.—All kind of Repairs, Twine and Machine Oil kept on hand.
P. S.—SALT.
MILLS
oooooooXF YOU NEED ANY PAINTS0000000
Lost $80,000 In One Wask
Have commenced opera-
tions for the season and
SMART & SMITH.
o
WHAT ON* AMERICAN LOST ON BRITISH RACK-HORSES AND WHAT ANOTHKR
MAN WON.
Ladystyitti Cash Store
will be found thoroughly equipped to do a satisfac-
London, July 20.— Several of the American millionaires now in England are
betting heavily on the new, but with I tory trade with the farmers very indifferent success. While the Am-	J
ericans had great good luck last year and of the SUîTOUIHllDg Country. _1 a few seasons back, the majority have	.	...	•
lost consistently this year.	Custom WOFK Will r6C61Ve i g
cwful and prompt atten-'
newspapers with the bast gambling atortea	t ion, and tllODltblic may I H
of recent years, foet £80,000 last week.	.	\	v 3
He came to London recently on a mission rely OH getting tllO t>6St Sat- M for the steel trust, but since hia arrival • he has gone to the races daily.	* ISlACtlOn
Last year he won £30,000 on the race track of England and America, but the new century has started disastrously for him both in business and betting. In one day last week he lost £40,000, hiving backed a horse all over England.
He is not discouraged, however, and
will continue betting for some time longer	__
whether hia luck changea or not.	I Qualified Protestant Teacher for Aid j q
«SS5ÏÏ Mt: SHS 8
onedingly well.	I cation.	KRKDC. SCHOEN,
Sec. Treaa.,
Ladysmith, Que. g
i
o
Is the place for you to buy everything you need. We sell at lowest prices for cash, and pay best prices for .. .. Farm Produce.............
O
0
O
Q
THE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
FARMERS I
call and inspect our
Binders,
Mowers
i
M

H

People say our Dress Goods arc the best. They are fancy and stylish.
Ladies' Drews and Men's Suits, in up-to-date styles, made to order. Customers can have their choice from our extra good Scotch Tweeds and Serges. We guar an tee our make to be first-class.
Our Medicine Department is complete. We only keep good, fresh, pure medicines, sure to cure, for Luytie's & Puschek’s medicines are known world-wide. Their name on a remedy is a guarantee of high class and purity.
Our stock of Boots and Shoes will be sold at from 25 to 50 per cent below retail price, to make room for new stock.
M

ANDREW HOGGINS,
bl
M
w
H
M
WANTED.
•4
o

o
K
O
J. F. CRON AU.
and
Rakes.
o
In Search of Gold
o
P. S. —Don’t forget that we guarantee our goods to be new and up to date.
§
O
o
§
Lime For Sale.
Lim;%ra	quantlty of I ! I BUY FROM US AND SAVE MONEY. | §
Clarendon Front
ATR AiilC STORY OF DEATH THAT COMES
FROM SI MICHAEL.
o
We have also Buggies, Express
agons, Harness, Churns.
Nome, July 10, via Seattle, Wash., July 22 — A tragic atory comes from Sr. Michael. A party of men on route to Nome recently found the bodies of six | — men at a peint near C*oa Romanoff.
It is presumed they all froze to death during some one of the terrible blizzards that prevailed last winter.
The bodies were scattered at intervals
O
c
oooooojfsiEl <Z33Z 3Æ, 'ÛVN0E9 *J T000000
Public Notice.
McRAE & McGUIRE
McCormick Harvesting Machinery
1
All persons indebted to us are requested to calf end settle up.	we wish to wind
live of them about a quarter of a ni.le I up all out business affairs before August apart. Eich had aome camp equipmsut *lm'1, lW1,	J
near him, but no toed.
One of the dead men had been evi-
EVERYWEERE TAKES THE LEAD.
Owing to our recent loss by fire, it is absolutely necessary for us to have all our account> paid up onre, either by note dently either injured or aick, aa he lay I or otherwise ; and we would consider it a on a Jitter constructed of a pair of oars very great favor fur all parties concerned
and cnvMih.et.	I	*nd"‘%SKo:YiioDC,SS
It would seem that the storm must
have overcome those carrying him. Evidently becoming exhausted they had abandoned him and wandered of each fur himself, to perish where found. General Randall thinks they were a party of | Three Elementary and one Model School prospectors who, in an efiort to reach S”. teacher wanted for the corporation of
Muli i.l, had run out „f pro,..	^
perished from exhaustion and exposure. | Applicants to state salary and grade of
llploma.
Here it is ! The Place
THE McCORMICK BINDER.
The Prosperous tbrnieralways has a _
NEW
GOODS
Shawville, July 14th, 11*01
Teachers Wanted.
NEW
GOODS
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Right-Hand
CALL
••
OK THE
MSCORMICK
AGENT


NOW OPENING OUT . -AT-
¦SC
HUGH MAT HKSON, Shawville, July LHh, 1U01. See. Ti cas


Boom in New Ontario
ck m
m
?he Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S CORNERS.
Notice to Debtors.
MR. P. J. LOUOHRIN SPEAKS OF THE LARGE INCREASE IN POPULATION AND THE
MINES OPENED.
Eavetroughing,
Qoofing and
impairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
v

ALP. HOWARD, - Agent - SHAWVILLE.



All parties indebted to me by note of hand are required to call and settle the same on or before the 1st of August, Toronto, July 11>. —P. J Loughrin, I proximo. After that date all notes re formerly organizer for the Canadian Fe- maining unpaid will !>e handed into the
deration ofuibor, ha. returned to To-1 **“*“* Hank for	R
ronto after an extended tour in New Ontario. lie says the transportation from the Algoma of four years ago to that of
today is simply marvellous, as the result j Public Meetilifir of the policy of developing our own re-	5
sources. Four years ago the Soo had
3,000 people, today it ha, at least 8,000 All property owners and ratepayers of F,i.r ye»» Mta W 210 J»
pie, new it has 1,100 ai.d the increase on Thursday evening, the 18th insL.at the was directly due to the prohibition of ex- hour of eight o’clock for the purpose of port of logs. The Bruce mines have been considering the question of providing a opsned up and there are 4G0 men mining system of waterworks, or such other
I gy* nrassan
tour years ago was a primeval forest, now As the matter N one of very great ini-as the resu't of the establishment of Mr. I portance, I trust there will l>e a large at Ludwing Monde nickel works it is a town tendance, the object being to get a thor
mills are running again night and day shawville, July 9, 1901 At Ilayeide, Dean Like, ani Theseslou |
River new saw mill, have been erected, j ------------
giving employment to hundred» of men ,t nota fi#k atory this time that our Sturgeon Falla is becoming a hue town worthy police Magistrate is relating, but and a railway from North Bay to Ternis a rea\ experience with a turtle caught on earning has been begun. The fu'ure of | a g8h hook while still fishing among the Mattawa is assured, for its resources in |	)a,t week. It was a monster catch
pulp wood are the beat in Canada, the j an^ a man 0f ieSg muscular strength would l pper Ottawa being tributary. " *Sei ; hsve had much difficulty In landing it of laborers at all points in Algoma in ££owever< a strong line and a big hook 18117 were $1.10, today the contractor was sufficient to asaiat Mr. Cnig, in land-for the Soo waterworks is not able to se


Repairs always kept on hand.
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
Shawville, July 15, 1901
1901
1901
OR
OREMOST
URNITURE.
•1
Shawville.
Silas Young.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
copper
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
FRESH and CURED
1rs. WILLIAMS
Mayor
MEATS
assortment of
We have also a flrst-cl
PERSONAL ATTENTION
CHARGES MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
TERMS REASON ABLE.
New Sailor and Walking Hats Laces, Silks, Flowers and Feathers, Chiffons and other Novelties in this .. Season's Styles...
of all kinds at
SHAWVILLE.
THE SHAWVILLE
NJeat Market
J. Ot. ICoOTJI&E,
J. GRAHAM
,	,	m, ing his seventy five pound turtle. The
cure men for lea» thin * - for -l	monster measured three feet. Mr. Craig
hours, while $1.75 is the standard in the j a^er bringing it to shore cut the line and whole Northern country, from Mattawa ^ go.—Arnprior News. tQ the Soo.
WANTED
Stray Cattle.
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned the first week of July, eight head of young cattle. Owner is requested to pay expenses and remove the same. y	JOHN STEWART,
Clarendon,
Qualified teacher lady for section No. 1 Leslie. Apply, stating salary, to
H. H. SEAMAN, Otter Lake, Que
Call and see her. She will pi her customers In prices and sty I
all
Lightning struck a ood, last week ai d i
house at Webb-a child was killed
Hail did great damage in the vicinity w of Manotick lest Saturday.	1 in bed
Mrs. McWilliams.
Proprietor.
Bryson P. O
Otter Lake, July 18,1901
/
X
/


###PAGE###5###

. »
40PMMP

THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
Nojtld.
Meet! the 4th Wednee day o/ every month.
Court due* rouet be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. BARMMTT.F B
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
LO.E
FARM REQUISITES I
CORKERS FOR VALUE.
A Weekly Journal devoted to local Interests.
ÜSSDAT
AT RHAWV1LL8. Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A HAA H ADVANCE.
0T No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, uuleaa by special arrangement with 4Ue publisher.


County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
ru

LB.C
A. SMILEY, Prop.
J. A, Cowan, RH
John Beckstt. 0. R.
ADVERTISING RATES î
HAWYILLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
The Celebrated
McLaughlin Carriages
Now in Stock.
SEm1Es:s «s b e
RuAloeM fiârdi not exceeding one loch la-
sorted at |4 ou per year.
ivxial announcements Inserted at the rate of five conte per line for Orel Insertion and three eeute for subsequent Inaertlona.
roinmerolal advertising by the month or
KJSH Gï~l ïsa-*s.ï'
jfasssÆta.':« ss
until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three «enta per line.
Every line in our large range of HARVEST TOOLS is well thought out from the point of Suitability, Reliability and General Satisfaction.
We do not deal in Shelf Warmers. Our forte is Reliable Quick-Selling Goods.
The spot for—
A Fashion a hi.k Hair Cut Good Shampoo, or
A Ci.Kan Shavs.
** Vour Turn next.
ALL STYLES ALL PRICES
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly
These Carriages stand unrivalled for Finish, Workmanship or quality of Material used.
At the Paris Exposition last year the McLaughlin Carriages were awarded the Silver Medal—the highest boner attainable in their class, and the whole exhibit was sold in Paris, proving that for real merit these
goods are on top.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAW VJLJLiIjEj ¦ • QUE.
>
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
Our selection embraces the choicest stock of
the best Factories :
Business Cards.
MBDICAL.
F. MA. McNaughton, B.^., M.D..C.M.
3 TINE PITCH FORKS,
5 and ti PRONG GRAPES, FORK HANDLES, GRAPE HANDLES HOE HANDLES,
HAND RAKES,
GRAIN CRADLES,
CRADLE BLADES, do FINGERS,
SCYTHES,
SNATHS.
SCYTHE STONES,
SPADES, SHOVELS and HOES, GRIND STONES and
GRIND STONE FIXTURES.
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
GRADUAT* or McGill Uniykrhitt,'
omne-Resldence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shaw ville.
Olllce hours-Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
• e
e e
# #
A. SMILEY.
I
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dar and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M ,
Just received—A car-load of Chatham waggons
F. T. M. C.
0rs<tnals of Trinity University, Toronto ; Grsdaat* of Ytcterls University, Toronto. Fellow by •TABlnation of Trinity Hoi. Colter. Toronto.
J. H Abmstbomo’s Hooss, . • SHAW VILLI.
The best.
District and Country.
Owes *wo Résinéscl : MAIN STREET
Express and Buggy Wheels
ALL SIZES. RIGHT PRICES.
McDOUCALL and GUZNER,
Pure Paris Green and Plymouth Special Binder Twine—Best on Earth.
The Masons are contemplating the erection of a $20,000 temple st the American Soo.
Alexander Fultou'e house sod barn, near Almonte, were d est toyed by fire on Thursday.
Rev. Malcolm 0. McLean, has accepted the pastorate of the Amprior Baptist
Chutch.
The carpenters in Ottawa are eti 1 out on strike.
The railway train in which the Duke and Duchess of York will travel in Canada will be preceded by a pilot engine, and their Royal Highnesses will be accompanied by half a dozen policemen.
A pamenger on the Corinthian, named Louis Gaugent, of Nantes, Francs, is under arrest at Montreal at the instance of the Fiench Government on a charge of forgery and embezzlement of 00,000 francs.
z
LBOAL.
#
%
BOORBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L. L,
<
i
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Shawtille bvbby Monday
e
We have almost everything in Farm Supplies and are in a position to save you money and give you the best goods obtainable.
WILL VISIT
>
m
l\
WM. GAMBLE,

Room 20, Trust Building. No. 4d Spark t
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawvllte, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
otn^-orer O. F. Hodgtns1 Store, Main fit.
G.F.HODGINS

CEO. C. WRIGHT,
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
OK THE PROVINCE OK QÜKBKC,
O
TnWt Bl*48*8p»rks Street. Ottawa.
P. 8.—Try our Mica Axle Grease.
Phone No. 1324.
Attende courte of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.	____
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply because it’s 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheaper than our
A joint stock company will be formed for the rebuilding of the Galetta flour mill. The company will be known as the Galetta Milling Co., will be capita ized at $30,000. Along with the mill it is proposed to erect an elevator.
Guelph, Ont., July 18.—An accident occurred in Guelph township about noon yesterday, which resulted in the death of the three-year-old aon of Frank Drexler, John Laidlaw was running a reaper in a field on Mr. Drexler# farm, and the servant girl took the child into the field to see the machine work. She returned to the house a few minutes later leaving the little fellow sitting In the grain, the driver of the reaper did not observe the boy, and he was caught by the machine. One of his legs and all the fingers on one hand were cut off, and he was so badly lacerated that the efforts of two physicians failed to save his life. H) died in the evening
The Montreal Barber Commiasonere will take steps to recover $50,000 which Mr. W. J. Conners, of Buffalo, deposited two years ago as a guarantee of good faith in the project for which be obtained a concession.
A Toronto magistrate has decided that an ordinary business trip by a boat is not a violation of the Lord's Day Act,so long as the excursion is not advertised and special rates charged.
A Chinese couple were married !a»t week in Montreal by a Presbyterian minister, and the bride was so much amused at the Christian ceremony that she laughed out repeatedly.
It is rumored that Lord Rosebery will marry the Duchess of Albany, widow of the Queen Victoria’s fourth son. She was formerly Princess Gelene h redericka Angus’s, a German princess. Lord Roee-beiy married in 1878 Hannah, only daughter of the late Lord Rothschilds. She died in 1890, leaving four children.
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L,
ADVOCATE.
LAW CHAMBERS }
At ShawTlllf 3rd Thursday e&cl. month At request attende Courts in District of Pontiac. Prompt collections and immediate remittances. Special attention to correspondents. __________
MAIN STREET HULL, • - QUK
“Gold Medal" Brand,
One man was killed and forty-five wounded in the latest anti Catholic demonstration in Spain. The contents of Saragossa weie stoned and one of them *)t firs to. Spain ia getting into the
of modernism by the least
which we guarantee will produce 36 to 37 8-lb. pans of beautiful flaky, white bread ? If you are using a poor flour compare results and you will pay the difference in price every time.
Used by local and city Bakers_^>
Special Prices in 5-barrel lots.
procession creditable gate
W. W. IRELAND,
It is intimated that the fall will be here before writs are issued for the bye-elect inns to fill the parliamentary seats now vacant, and such as events in the mean-
render vacant. The Liberal
vacancies
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court,
Deeds
sisssisirs.	......
factorily.
QUE
8HAWVILLE
time may |	¦	1
principle that parliamentary should be fil'ed as moon as they occur his been choked under Liuneriiin, with others of its kind.
Field for Trade in South Africa
TSE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
MONEY TO IX)AN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be In Shawville on Tuesday an*l Saturday of every week.	__
A VLSITOR URGES CANADIANS TO BESTIR THEMSELVES AND GET A SHARK OF
THE TRADE.
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
Looks Like Murder
J. P. O’Brian, hotel keeper of Com-hermere, was recently lined S ') and costs for allowing gambling on his premises and Mrs. E. Hudson, of the same u’ace, was fined $10 and costs for selling liquor r i minors
of Barry’s Bay, for selling liquor in prohibited hours was fined $20 and costs.
The Kingston and Pembroke Railway Company is proposing an extension of ra lway from Sharbot Lake to Palmer’s Rapids, 40 miles, opening up the townships of Alden, Palmerston, Clarendon, Miller, Canontos, Denbigh, and Ashby. If encouraged the railway company will put on surveys at once.
Notwithstanding the large amounts he has given away, Andrew Carnegie stilt possesses the substantial sum of $300.000,000, which is ever so much more than most men can call their own. He does not intend to retain this amount but will continue on with his gifts to the public, making even larger donations than heretofore. To die rich is to die disgraced, says Carnegie, and if he is not thus to die he will require to keep on, hurry in fact, with his benefactions.
The saw mill at Castleford owned by the Sutherland Tan es Company of Chat ham, was burned dowm last Sunday. The mill was a new one and had only commenced working a couple of months ago. The origin of the fire is not known. The hsi is a heavy one to the company there bring a largo amount of finished work on hard, ready for shipment, all of which was burned.
A sensation was caused in Ottawa last week by the discovery of a young man’s body floating in the river opptsite the Parliament Bu Hina. The woman whosa identity wis hrst unknown, bo:e evidences of foul treatment, the body having several wounds about the head, which the 'medical examination showed had been made before immersion took plate, this arousing a strong suspicion that a murder had bten peipe:rated. The advanced state of decomposition in which' the body was found, coupled with the fact that no papers, letters or other means
of identicaiion were about it, made that
task one of extreme difficulty. After several day’s investigation it transpired that
the body was that of Anna Bell Morrison, a resident of the city, and well known, having served as a domestic in several families. She has several relatives in the city who are firmly of the opinion that she murdered. She was last seen at the ______ ci Wellington and Lyon streets,
on Saturday evening, the 13th inet. <>n
the previous afternoon she was seen at the fot of Kent street leaning over a picket fence at the top of a cliff which overlooks the river. A handbag, believed to belong to Miss Morrison wis found at this p ace after the boly was disc )vered, which leads to the opinion that the tragedy connected with her death, may have occurred there also. The developments in the case thus tar show that the victim of the tragedy had trouble with a man, and one of her ac qusinfances has stated that her life threatened.
IT

wo
July 19 -Mr. 0. F
Toronto, Out Kaysor, of Port Elizabeth, h- uth Africa, who is here says
st Canadians must bestir themselves if they desire to obtain a fair propoition of South Africa trade. He believes that the commercial men of the Dominion could work up a profitable business in almost all cl at ses of manufactured goods, grain and lumber. A regular steamer service to South African ports will be a necessity in any serious attempt made by Canadians to attain proper standing. In the United States this is realized and a weekly service from New York to Durban, Capetown and other points is in opération, while many commercial travellers from Uncle Sam's territory are already on the scene, doing everything possible to assure success for their firms in the awakening of business and commerce which is sure to follow on the close of the guerilla warfare. ”
%The Advance says Mr. E. Meredith, who obtained the contract for macadamizing the Quyon station road has a gang of men at w<rk quarrying atone and l as already a large amount ready for the crusher, which he expects to have in operation in a few days.
Mr. Dunnegan. shop-keeper,
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
lütül®
: Shawville, Que.
Trade Marks Designs
Iff!" 1 Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may Quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an
“patent*
special notits, without charge, in the
Scientific American.
month. A variety hand for sale: Office
Mr. R. 8. Walsh is rapidly getting his brickmaking plant into position and expects in a few days to have it in opera lion. The machinery which is of the latest type will turn out 36,000 per day, the motive power being an 18 horse-power gasolene engine. Mr. Walsh beyond supplying the local demand expects to do a considerable expert trade.
HOTELS.
A handsomely lllnstrated weekly. Largest fir. dilation of any scientific journal. Term*. Si a year : four months, $L Sold by all newsdealers.
etoKTSBeB*
St. Lawrence Hall,
•s
Mrs C,M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation ways well furnished.
First-class Livxry Attached
Mr. R. C. Miller, who had hi# left lee shattered by an explosion about the end of February last, had the injured limb amputated alitt'e below the knee on M nday last. The opersticn was performed by Dr Gray, aseisted by Dre De lahey and Dr. Wright, and was a veiy successful one.—Pembroke Standard.
Table and Baral

PATENTS
was
corner
x

PROMPTLY SECURED
Must Not Have Fun.
THAT IS IP A BAND PLAYS “OOD SAVE
TIig KINO.
I
I
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
end
jewei.leb
Et EPS
A SELECT STOCK Of WATCHES,
CLOCKS. jewellery.
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
f RtPAîBIJiO—
A Speciality.
Write for our interesting books " Invent-
A Wiarton farmer gives the public the benefit of what he has discovered as a means of preventing flies from annoying
horses. For a couple of years he had i London, Ju’y 20 —At the meeting of mixed coal oil and axle grease to abou U imerick Corporation yesterday, Coun the consistency of castor oil, and wui‘ 1.^ whelen moved that the mayor or the mixture annointed the 8*ock. ! ;iny other official of the corporation who states positively that animas eo treated . at'en(Je j iportit regattas, or other amuse will pot be bothered with	tie na* | mentg at w^ich an English military band
recommended it to others, who tried i j prdaentf did eo without the approval mixture with the same resu.ti.	^ *;# council.
¦Mu
Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether It is probably patentable. Rejected application# have often
been successfully prosecuted by us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; this qualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patent» as broad as the Invention. Highest referencea
furnished.	.	....	.
Patents procured through Marion fit Marion receive special notice without charge in over 100 newspapers distributed throughout
the Dominlon^™^™ee*ee**e^e
I'-kLd
If
I
•v.-



. K-




was

m
M
The paaiengers on a C. P. R. train which passed through Chapleau vnSstur day tsrncon are regaling their friends with a genuine boar story. It seems that as the train was nearing the bridge five miles the other side Cbapleau, an black bear was seen on the track

;
rt

Specialty Patent business of Manufac turers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION

I
r'-û
*V
Patent Experts and Solicitors
<—¦ i kjw&ss&bss

7 SHAWVILLE. Q
y #
. •. '
vit

immense
The animal kept between the rails and as the train approached tiotted serenely in front of it. The train had to ttaw up in order to avert a possible accident. By the time that the hear retched the middle of the bridge, the front wheels of the engine were at the other end. The shaking of the structure frightened the bear and it plunged from the bridge into the water snd swimming to the shore took to the tall timber.

Joseph Leroux was accidentally killed in Rinrdon'e paper mill at Uawkeebury by being caught in a belt.
Argue s bakery at Stittsville was destroy» 1 by fire early Sunday morning.— Mr. Mann’s general ate;* waa saved great difficulty.
extraordinary choir of 2,000 Torrington as Their Royal
2S5S. iyssir.A. <~b
ttadr Æ tâ»
choruses have not yet been eelu.
voices
conductor will welcome
t, Toronto in omirg in not
Highnetsj*




\
###PAGE###6###


The Man Who Knows.
'WWWUI WWW
prior to the event.
‘Another present, 1 exnoct M sin»
S'WOPflIS OF PRECEDING CHAP- the ball? Very good. Well, vou I ^ i<j‘ k nd b°ffan to untie the string
TERS-UUe We the re 11 is abducted must know when I arrived at Gov- vvLnTh a a bv Nikols who demands as ransom ernment House 1 met Mrs. May ford L	|irst cover was removed
from her father £100,000 end a wya- -the lady who had promised to I * if,?, , llssue P«Per revealed it-teiwus Chinese stick. Mr. Wet he- chaperon© mo — in the cloak-room. ,v ./ij, after that a large Russia
nercJL7?o^	fctfiE %	i*a *rtri & rrar
i*lli nid plü bi
¦BikiJ BÈÆÈÊÊt mss
^.PA,=.^wt-^wp.
~ x-'îa RjS&HxHiH	"¦ ç -Hr arana: %
At that moment the little vessel your carriage, which is now waiting f ! '? Possession of which proved so ^	1 bo lance principle is now to l.lu,c\y®f a 1 “h‘ As ft ma}tc[ °/ Delirium i ?	,	,
gave a heavy roll, and in trying t.> f°r you at the door. If you will f lu to Ncthoroll, is beyond my bo applied to the destruction of sub- f,ut. when a submarine torpodo boat g ,n ol,ffht to know a goou
keep my footing on the sloping deck allow me, I will conduct vou to it?* V°,w,\r to lo,I‘ 1 nm onIy too thank- funrinc torpedo boats, and it is en- comv;s t0 ,0 surface, either to take	01 or t,lnn to a (Tord asylum
I fell over upon the table As 1	"1	apologised to my partner for f1'1' however, that I am able to say tirely likely another international ,m, observation or for fresh air, it J® notorious Loyds and his lie-
did «0 the little Chinese stick slip- being compelled to leave him. and 1	, 1 not in the least concerned cry of protest will arise.	!nkcs som" m,m,tcs to submerge the , y\ l,t i8 owing to Britain that
ped out of my pocket and went ml,- then went to the cloak-room As 111 {}	1 am afraid of Nikola, and I The advantages of the lance, from boa> ngain ?ho™ ,cw minutes arc ™Q	khigdom is not wiped off
*"K along directly into Nikola's Soon ns I was ready I accompanied confess U Arid with this honest ex- the British standpoint, are these : lto ^ taken advantage of by the de- ; J® “*£•	n>® outbreak of the Fran-
hands. He sprang forward and seiz- Mr* Baxter to the door, where the K*"!10" of my feelings, and my I A cavalryman, armed with a sword. I "troyer, which travels at a very high ,,7” "l11” U;iré, nV»ht easily have ed it, and you may imagine his tic- brougham was waiting. Without hanks for V°ur attention and for-1 is virtually powerless In a charge if ***** .	ha*«»,?« i ?*» lct*on nH both Coin-
light. With a cry of triumph that looking at the coachman I got in. carfince; 1 W*H beg your permission I his adversary lies flat on the earth, ! When the submarine boat comes toL. * n la.t. Ivvn casting hungry made the cat leap from his shoul.h r. at the same time thanking my es- lo r,®f the curtain down upon the but if lie is armed with u lance he tho surface it will bo seen by the do- ,	lluy ylule *or some time
lie turned to a tall man by his side c,ort for Ids kindness. He shut the I'f11*1..1'0 ?! my meeting with the can spit the prostrate one. Tho stroycr. Before it can sink again, Afn p.m *
^d said:	door and cried * Home ’ to the A lU1 ho	_Trfc	lance, too, is quick, light and quiet. I the fast lanco-carrying boat will 187(. M ?!, moet|nfr on .July 30,
1 vc got it at last! Now let (oachman Next moment wo were	THE END.	One of these alleged advantages have dashed up to it and speared it rr#nivA<i ,i i stones Government
boat s crow take this man ashoro spnininç down the drive.	_ are to bo used in England's new with one of the explosive booms or mm./iV/l 1 n°“ty sllou,<1 1,6 Pr°-
niM tie him to the stake in tho cava Al * was *ar too much occupied	w *	plan of dealing with the wily sub- lances. The submarine torpodo boat if #hr* flrniv , f	®gect * * bat
ÿSTSSS«BBin,™mmiiBjisX-.ga.K ^	- a£ra“3a
Having given these orders he turned stopped before a house in a back	____ * _ I	’	--- ;he olller *n ite defence, but withoùt
to me again and said:	(street that I realised that something!
' Mr. Wetherell, this is the last was wrong. Then the door transaction we shall probably have together.
"TOR KIND, JOHN MU,"
on tho evening
Qo
X
o
HOW HE HAS BEEN REXBJB BOB HELPING OTHER NATIONS.


France’s
Heturn for Dritaia'# Good Offices-—Belgium, also, Shows Ingratitude.
A
L',i,
*

ST
CHAPTER VI.—Continued
" 'Good-evening, Mr. Wetherell.
Hus is indeed a pleasure,’ said a man silting at the farther end of the table. He was playing with a big black cat, and directly I heard hia
Xoico * knew that I was in the presence of Pr. Nikola And how do


.	you think I ___
going to punish you, my friend, for giving me all this trouble?’ ho said,
when 1 made no reply to his first remark.
nm
•a»
roou UNiiApry France
. I MIRACLE JRD MYSTERY, I SSJTHS
I	—	tVo know by experiment where tho
¦ gcncr-
w	The treaty
Wo know by experiment where ~tho 1 ti*V° , k Kood until a year after
WOMDZES ACCOMPLISHED. BOT | IÏ7oma“ta	"“ïï ”"i | f
nothing else; you have a perfect dcr weigh and commenced our vov j stock has increased partlcularlv on $25,000 AN OUNCE TO PREPARE. in a room hung with red has such a wounds of Continental
T.:-:, ™„............ «tars.ssjaa?N- «—= 9	ss fixjg* ** -
-If I had not found you I 'And how did Nikola treat you	» U o w I on a Vhe nnd taking It rapid" dlSCU8° ,rom lcavln8 its *»«”* upon
never have been happy during tho voyage and your stay on	£ Fa g g with a small hammer, a constant)™ FACE OF T1IE SUFFERER
! I
« u.—, w, ». A1 Æ*r:„ur,	v -ljs?52± *±*s«|* ïiwrwr
wWP flfc	® Ü ftf V
was op- NUMBER OF ENGINES, COACH- J
ES AND CARS IN USE.
cned, and a gentleman in evening All things consid- dress begged me to alight. I did ervd, you are lucky in escaping so almost without thinking what 1 easily, it would have saved good deal if you had complied with 1
ever
so
was
doing
you a
< i
1
'
Brit-
nations.
present
I answered I should •gain
9 9
coin-
and
C. T.—Wduld like to accommodate
you
nger
you
I tried to
And then the disagreeable passenger felt foolish, and the othwr mongers chuckled audibly,
)









###PAGE###7###

ir
r
~ h. w w« ». w ^ HOPID’S LITTLE TRICKS, POISONED BY MI-Tffl.
Ile lookea up Into Tom's hard, sullen face. No ono was about. He and two other men had been up there by themselves for a day or two. others were away now, and he was there alone with
the boy.
•'There are lota o' places with pools In 'em,” said Tom, "and some on 'em I don't know myself, but
n	*hlr,f* waa A»?ard man “d He walked on slowly, and the boy
i.rnnH >	He TT C<! i march*! beside him They walked
Hn L, ' J itC, t4h f'	n, CO“ î out of the main gallery into others
hmrahîl US ^ s°motime8 ho WIUJ narrower and smaller. Some were T 1 VM nSt' am wh.en hc HKotenccil blocked at the end, some opened into l orn Miller to twelve months im- t cavcrne# ftll dark wlth the coal
nu^l™e? j,0r an	m?s^pc°" and all hollow and silent. There
«trniJh? ‘î??îia,î,t; ,or T.™ had rUA was something strange and unnerv-
t!,L K 1 u ,h ", v,e unU1 th0n’ ,011(1	in the silence, and the boy
the assault had been aggravated.	ht Tome hand.
Much cases were getting too com- .#Lot m(î hold you/' ho said.
, lo”' said the Major; men must « it's so creepy, and it's nice and
I11™ tu think, and they must ho comfortable to hold somebody. I nl-clcalt With severely. lie therefore ways hoId mothcr ln tho dark. Sho
entcncod lom Miller to twelve hasn't got anybody but me, you months imprisonment. And that knoWi oj,d when I'm big I shall look foin h wife fainted in court mattered ûf(cr hcr of course."
nothing to him.	Their footsteps grated over the
« J < idl!,h mean.	»„Tom COftI» and every now and then the
SMped. It was by s prise like boy would stumble over fallen pieces.
ÏÏ- temper was roused, and before Tom stopped abruptly at last. His Heaven, sir, III never do it again. voico shook when he spoke.
You --you -never meant twelve "There's a pool here," he said, months, sir ?	"Maybe it's the one you mean "
SfSWS = 5555*3
proplo were bent over his fainting	he said, "but I’d
s-b ™	:;:r:
home.	step forward.
|iâsi!»m^alE*Keï
ed punishment, as Tom knew - but	—I must see what that noise was."	and left him whero he was to die,	° hc h,ad	originally been	to	mar-	-glove-poisoning." You have prob-
l waive months I A thief might get	The boy clutched the lantern and	only—only I couldn't, sir at the last,	,	. ,, ,	ably noticed that some kinds of
more. It was unfair-unjust-	looked up shivering into Toms face.	Du{ it was there-the badness was in	L lhe. story	a.well-to-do	business	gloves are apt to fret the hands, and
it was cruel i	1 suppose you must go, musn't mc ^ an(1 u ou ht to knoW it. man in » Yorkshire town illustrates impart an aching, burning feeling to
Ho went to prison savage and bit- you ?" he asked. ' J—don’t like j_i meant bad to your son, sir." |	*8lraV®? Phase of this love for the tender skin between the fingers,
ter, and at tho end of his term ho stopping hero by myself."	The Major's face, grown hard for ? Pictured face. In early man- This is due to a bad and cheap pow-
I	¦	determined only on one| Tom modo no reply. He was hur- a momcnt changed again.	0 , rt\Z~T bad seen the photo- dcr being used to dust the insides
ever, that the firework achieves its thing—revenge on the man who had rying along the gallery almost be- "Tom you’re a brave man," he graph,0tV'hc dco,( Slstcr of a friend, with, and such gloves should never
srsrs.
exposed for sale.	In	the holiday	^ with him. Some day I shall	ridor and to the bend which brought	T ftdmit l may havo been hard on	lh,e,m ,t<!.stay	ong ^ith us	demie of poisoned hands set in, in
son, when	the shops	and	streets are have my chance."	bim in sight of the shaft.	you ; but, thanks to you, my son is	. c ' ,	y in *°™	Wl! !	many cases spreading through the
thronged with people, windows are She looked at him with a seared There something suddenly stopped whole and sound of limb, and you L j , .nll|it(ipnlJpa ,“n ^ f1®	whole system, and even causing
—" sreru; s.	-“tn £«» £
the Tom who had gone away. , had overtaken an echo-as if he Tom held out a very limp and I {ap,ul™ nnn ° ü l	of copper sulphate, which gave pre-
But. Tom, you won't do any- could feel again tho touch of the shaking hand that had been bruised	°	®“î,a '	ap, ; servative qualities to the leather,
thing rash again, for the children’s boy's fingers.	and discolored by the falling coal, ’{f	Z*	but had a terrible effect on wearers
sake ?" she cried nervously.	"I always hold mother . in tho and the Major took it in silence. It	nut Lt t'hoir l,nJn	of tho gloves if they had délicats
What he meant to do he could not dark! . . . She hasn't got any- was that hand that had saved his F r thir, v v	’	^ skins,
tell. Something would turn up— body but me, you know, and when son, and somehow he had nothing to I nf#ll lnvui	thiQ	Boots are among the very worst
some day his enemy would be in Ms I'm big-"	say.	and when he died less than i v.-ar offenders in this way, and they liave
hands, and It would be time enough | Tom stopped, his breath choking When Mrs. Shirley came, however, L h beoupathnd nil hi« nJtntn given rise to quite a crop then to consider what form his ven- in his throat, and looked round at she said a great deal. Perhaps she ,.t0'tlie brother of one whose sweet demies. Cardiff, two years ago, re-gcance was to take.	| the dim passage through which ho said something, too, to the Major, , h inspired all that has hoon ceived a large stock of boots,
IIton last Victoria day. Such a The opportunity came sooner than had Come. Scarcely a stone's throw for they say he has never been such good me for thirty years ami
».|.pr,	rz'asaT- —*-"= '•»«--¦>s-^
ïs=üf
mm"	WB mS#
son. Tom stared at them sullenly, 'ey s mother had only one child	The population of Siberia is now dying comrade, who charged him
Mr. Woggs, I understand your wife jje hated the boy for the^ake of his Tom caught his breath with & eight millions, having doubled in the with /» farewell message to the sister has made a record of 900 pies baked father.	ga*P and snatched away his ar™* ia6t twenty years.	| who#, he had loved more than any-
lost year? Made a record! Well, He heard tho manager explaining Ibe revenge that he thought would	*45 000 000 damages which thing, on earth; and when he
—101 ~" 1 - - ÿKSA TL.", SX= U£££& j.£»$ S6. CSX. A rs. 5
toward, his own corner, where ho '°rg,ve ™ !"	,	,	,	1 , 1 .	‘ her in person, the face that had ac-
t— Kyx. eavtc	.«,3»™==,™ to&stirzsai:
name of Shirley and a boy who was I closer, deadlier, louder, shook it ?	living In London under assumed ,llace which will remain an open
wholly unconscious of it.	ground beneath hie leet "*d made Hr Bl«iness-Why don’t you work names lnd disguises and In different1 P
Tom looked down Into hie face as him throw out his huids suddenly __wh do you waste your time beg- walks of life They are cut off from the manager disappeared. It was a to save himself from falling. Then	Tramp-Did you ever beg? L„ interC0ursc with their relations
fresh. childish face. with bright, came the loud, savage rush of fall-	niœimw_No. of course not ^d former friends, and havo as citl-
eager eyes.	ing coal, and when he reached tae Tr^p-Then you don’t know what zcna changed their personalities. In Mrs. Bandbox-You said the tra
1 8ay'	”? al1 ^hout, I maln corridor he found it already ^ „	feet, thee Is a town of many thoue- I should take leaves at 10 30. dldn
won t you ? he cried. There ¦ lots half blocked. He made m eflort to	n0„, Sllld the and inhabitants in the heart of Lon- you? Clerk-Yes. madam; and I
ss^sssssfas,-55535 SiK&'S
-*¦ ,usr* wi» S-»,	l-™-	i»“u,k-
N0TEB AND COMMENTS.
Revenge Is Bitter.
"Hun, boy, run," he cried, " and ask your mother to forgive me.”
i
Tho for something
for the introduction labor Into South Africa,
In hO
THE ROMANCE OF SOME VERY STRANGE WOOINGS.
CLOTHES THAT HAVE LAD
VILLAGES LOW.
Chi I
Mr. Rhoden remove» the mask of the enpire benoiactor and reveals the feature and tool of capitalists and
They recovered the bodies very slowly, and it was hours before they reached Tom, although ho was only a short distance from the shaft.
At first they thought ho was dead, but gradually he came back to life, and afterwards, more gradually still, to health.
One of tho first faces he saw when I mcn' but eurcly none stranger than ho opened his eyes was Major Shir-|whcn he *lftkcs them fall violently
in love with a face seen on a canvas
Various Articles of Clothing Have Been the Cause of Epidemics.
In an Artist’s Studio—Took a Fancy to her Photograph—Imperial Yeoman’s Luck.
not the champion of the colonist population. The minore naturally soJCSy arrayed against tho project and in several cases havo resorted to violence to oxckido their yellow competitors. They threaten to invoke it further in case of erner-The same fooling exists In
It was only last year rgat the lltr tlo hospital at Crayford, In Dorset, England, was overcrowded for threo weeks by people whose clothes had poisoned them. When certain kinds of dye, or of badly-treated wool, are used in the making of clothes, they
Not long ago a eoclety man of Ie»" f UP a very nasty form of ----	poisoning, and for a short time the
countryside was devastated from
this cause, says London Answers.
A commercial traveller had brought
down and "boomed" a large quan-
| him day and night, until hc was I iily of cheap vests, which were main-
"(lod bless ÿ"ôü7my man,” he s&id | compelled to oak the artist for the |	Austrian made, and to appear-
huskily. 1
H it
should have lost my son 1"
Cupid plays strange tricks with
are
l'*y s. Ho shrank back, his heart, growing cold as there came In a or a Photograph ; a passion which flash tho memory of that afternoon raU8t often be fruitless and disap-in the pit. Ills face grew damp, as I POfniing. it had grown damp before when ho I had struggled with his temptation, Ini(ldle ago and largo fortune, who and he drew his breath heavily. bad earned the reputationn of being What would the Major—stern and n confirmed bachelor, fell in love at cold and cruel—do now ?"	tirst *jght with a pictured face in an
To his surprise the Major put his artist’s studio. The face haunted hand on ids shoulder.	I bim day and night.
goncy. gg ¦	¦^¦¦1
British Columbia though we in tho
east do not realize how intense It Is. Mr. Rodger 0. Clute, K. C., one of the Federal commissioners to enquire Into the question of Oriental immigration on the Pacific coast, h*s returned to Toronto aftçr a lengthy investigation In tho West. He states that the question Is a vital one for the West, for the Chinese and Japr.n-laborer is everywhere. They enin all classes of labor, from
"J owe everything to you name and address of the model who ances very good and inexpensive. i3 been for your bravery I bud sat for the picture.	They were patronized strongly, but
Fortunately the artist was able to within a week of the sale of them His voice shook—shook ns Toml^PP^ the Information, although it the population was largely stricken never supposed it could shake, and wa8 moro than a year since tho pic- down by a strange illness, which his face, working painfully, was cur- turo bad been painted ; but, unfor- puzzled the local doctors,^ It was lously unlike the hard, proud, cold tunately, the model had meantime soon traced to the new vests, which face that had looked down at him disappeared and had left no truce were found to be hardened with In court twelve months ago.	behind her. It was only after some some fluid containing a strong pro-
, Tom looked at, him with strained months of patient searching and in- portion of cheap arsenic and sul-eyes.	'	quiry that she was discovered at phate.
"I—I----" he began.	last, almost on the verge of starva- Still stranger was a clothes epi-
"You mustn't talk," said the Ma- tion' ufl rcsi,,t of a long illness, demie which ravaged the Scotch dis-jor quickly. "You must lie still. ?n acquaintance she proved to bo trict of Killick Spey, in Perthshire. Everything possible shall bo done for ?uite as charming in character as in a year earlier. Tho cause here was you. You’ve only got to be still and	and after a brief wooing the ar- a "line" in so-called hotitspuii jack-
get well, and by-and-by Frank and i<?tocrat lcd to the altar his bride ets of natural wool, his mother will come and toll you tlms strangely won.	These jackets are often worn next
what I—what I can't !"	Uu, 1 ie8f infatuations for a pio the skin, rough as they are, by the
He turned away hurriedly. Tom , ..faC€ do not always end thus hardy shepherds of the hills, and
happily. In a recent divorce case soon after the sale of a big batch of the pi am tin confessed that he had i these jackets the wearers were
esc
railroad construction to domestic service. In only ono of the big shipyards is white labor employed; the small farmer who used to make a few hundred dollars extra fishing finds his place is taken and his money earned by honrdes of Mongolian fishermen, who live In house-boats or huts little better than kennels. The Chinaman is not a progressive
He docs not improve his
He
citizen.
surroundings. He earns his money, but he spends little and when his pile is made he returns to China. In Eastern Canada, where the question Is largely theoretical, Canadians do not look upon Japanese immigrants with the same unfriendly eyes as upon the Chinese. In the West the whites mako no distinction in their dislikes.
TAKEN SERIOUSLY ILL
and causes it to split into micro-
Oricntal labor is not the only importation from the East without which we could get along very well. Firecrackers were introduced into Europe from China in the thirteenth century, and have been growing in size and popularity ever since. Tho small boy can buy a regular dynamite bomb for a few cents.
Every
day of general celebration is followed by a large casualty list as distressing as it is long. It is not In the hands of the small boy, how-
no
came out
The public, in entering
another.
these shops, enter veritable powder mills, where none of tho precautions of the powder mill are observed. The New Jersey holocaust, the result of such recklessness Is still vivid
i1
Something of the same kind.
to us.
on a smaller scale, happened in Ham-
MOSTLY AMERICAN.
menace
per subject for municipal considera-
tion.
A HEALTHY ISLAND.
The
poison indeed.
ABSENT,
PROGRESS OF CREMATION.
came
Believers in cremation will derive encouragement from the report just issued by the Council of the C remp-
England, which
A veritable "quick luncheon," it is said, is to be had at a restaurant in Paris, where a dinner of several courses, composed of concentrated food in the form of tablets, can bo consumed in a few minutes. Tho entire meal can be carried about in the vest pocket.
When we were married, sobbed tho young wife, he said he loved mo with a love more enduring than the everlasting granite 1 And it didn't last ? queried the sympathizing friend. Last, echoed the young wife, drying her tears, it didn't last as long as a wood pavement.
Forget thee ! wrote a young . man to his girl. Forget thee! When the earth forgets to revolve, when stars forget to shine, when the rain forgets to fall, when the flowers forget to	bloom—then will I forget
thee. Three months later he was going to see another girl with sandy hair and freckles, and some thousands in the bank,
Referring to the subject of temperance recently the Archbishop of Canterbury said that a very few years ago tho man who did not indulge In intoxicating drink was regarded as an "odd" man, but that public opinion was changing so rapidly that It seemed likely that before long the "odd" man would be the, #ia# that did Indulge.
review 301 crema-
te 1,824. During 1900
up
the

space.


i


—over
I you take
rz

























	

###PAGE###8###
GOOD NEWS
00R
For Men and Women
LEADERS.
NEW MUSLINS
High Class Goods
AT THE VERY LOWEST j'RICES.
WHITE BOOTS, RED BOOTS,
BLACK BOOTS AND SHOES,
PATENT LEATHER BOOTS, in fact everything in the line of SPRING AND SUMMER FOOTWEAR from a Goodyear Welt to a common Split Bal.
can be had at the
BOOT & SHOE STORE. I
H|. STEWART
P. S.—We take Eggs for Boots
English Worsted
Suits, all colors Imported Serge
Suits, black and
blue ¦ ¦ • ¦
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
$15.00
We have had a very successful trade in MUSLINS. Have sold about five tim
many as ever before in one season, and still a couple of warm months are before
es as
$12.50
us.
$1.00
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE
We have just received a few pieces of IT ice New Goods :
SHAWVILLE.
A- 1- McGUIRE.
I
One
piece Colored Rfuslin at 6c.
do	“	16c.
“	French	Dimity	do	“	17c.
“	Striped	Wl)ite	do	“	10c.
do	“	12;c.
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.
Dr. Bryce, of Ontario, provincial I —' health officer say* there 1» likely to be
outbreak of smallpox next |
2
61

Verdict for $12,000
THE ANNUAL FETE.
1
London, July 16.—Miee Hetty Chet	---
¦ska	"
~ feared that the long rainy spell in May would greatly Injure the crop. Prof Suttleworth, however, who bam returned from an inspection of the beet areas says
the crop will be a grtat success snd that I *ARL 16 •**M»cid to thbrb months there will be plenty of beets for the pro-1	imprironmbnt.
jected factories.	I ¦
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
Sugar Beets a Success
1
lion will hold their
FEleeiiti Aiiai Fall Fair
1
«
do
Train No- 1 leaves Ottawa 5 00 F. M Train No. 2 arrives "
Train No, 3 leaves “
Train No. 4 arrives "
Train No. 5 leaves **
Train No. 0 arrives “
Train No. 8 arrives |"
Train No. leaves Trains No. 1 and £ daily except Sunday.
rü ftssMÊ1**4 6u"k?
1 rains No. 7 sad 8 Sunday only,
For tickets apply Ticket Agent, Central Stattoa.
P. W. REFSEMAN, GeiVlSup’t.
8.43 A. M 8.00 A, M, 6.16 P M. Ml F. M. 8.10 P. M, 7.45 P. M. 0.30 A. M.
-AT-
Russell is Guuty
OTTAWA I ^6 » pi.e.1 of SEW BAB7 LACI «4
nrsraroir.
—FROM—
SEPT. 13th to 21st, 1901
Justice Comes High I	^ —For the nest three
____________	6	months John b rancis Stanley, Earl Runit does out at the Yukon, but it is I 1	the <>ell in Halloway Pri
mighty and must prevail. The trial of ^ wh,cvh has had ae lenanta William T. ENTRIES CLOSE ON SEPT IITH
O’Brien for murder, which began at Daw- I,, D* when he d,d J*®6 for the Pall	-
' EB ?£3
NEW TAFFETA RIBBONS,
White, Light Blue and Pink—26c.
PoiUac Facile Jaacliei By
per yard.
Official Time Table :
AM
Was Hounded And Insulted
¦ Balloon aw pensions and Parachute leap, Trained
Elephants, Slack Wire Artists, World-
A Record of Fire and Lightning. Fl*mo'ls Dancers, all the finest special
___	ties which money can secure.
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tBreckeu ridge fEardley Parker’* Creesiag
Arrive 9.45
6 00
9.21
6.12
9.06
6.18
E. HOOGINS & SON
8.58 | TiKEHA MCDONALD BECAME DESPERATE
AND TOOK HER OWN LIFE
6.26
t Motors Q,uyoc
skhrral «c^Ldddt I “tterly desperate* The'rïm.T^b**^ . ^-aw killed.	| SPECIAL RATES
arreeta in connection with the case for	Hamilton, «Inly 16. —Mre. Jake Roas.
perjury.---------| » »quaw from the Indian Reserve at Ca-----------------«?----| ^d<mia, was engaged picking berries on . „ D . T, . w
An Old Sea-Dog on Lawyers. I1!*6 ^kTm °* John Burns near Stoney 1 or 1nze Entry Forms, and all in
Creek village this afternoon when she | formation, ad drees the secretary.
•truck by lightning and instantly Deceased was a middle aged woman and was a daughter of Chief Isaac
8.50
6.37
8.40
8.47
8.22
6.56
8.58
I
7.04
7J8
7.45
8.00
8 03
8.12
8 JO
8.17
the
Harvesting-Requisites
On hand at Lowest Prices for CASH
Forks, Rakes,
Grain Cradles,
Crain Scythes,
Binding Mitts,
Straw Hats,
And everything you require.
on nil railway and steamboat lines both for visitors and
exhibitors.
mum mm
There is a passage of carious interest,. ... . in the will of the la*e Admiral of the I kUled F Sir John Commerell. He wrote :
“Having had fatal experience of the iniquity of the law in certain cases, when I	smoked beef.
^œsipISbiSii sassp*
for Lornwaii and points west.	Having been swindled myself by every
P^to“c“M<M.needUte pt,1IlU Pullman | he,re ex€CJtort» and M*igne.	afternoon about 3.30 Thomas Hold man,
aa	I	Mamed t>00 Times.	township, 17 miles so^tiiealt^lierel
Partor Car attached.	“* \	- was killed by the lightning while sit
I k T° be msrried B,x tlnasHl during the !m<V>n a hay rake in s fiaJd not far from Arrives Montreal 6.40 p.m.' pli fnun Parlor Car mfI?n !e an experience that comes H home. A wife and two young child-Î11 Jrrx? w,,lh ,trai“* f(ir Portkndami to]eLw- Four years ago a village youth |,eu 8^uve him
ete-	°*° Ohio towu they noticed a .imil.r adver perhaP* fst,l> InJured- About 176
Train, arrive at Ottawa C.naral Depot •	I	‘here and repeated the perform-1	"* tbr°Wn °Ut °f eœPloyD,ent
aia.30 P.M. Loral -from	New York New	Th*" 11,8 ,del ,truck hu.band o	, HURt H «fRNED.
SSsS Wis'SSlE
““ Sfs »*«• =5-s zt—- *- ! rs	tîa
•«.ssats	rSETI ? 7""
e**°V‘l!''	i con.Unt Æ.."'n."r,r.'^ I Brough.», OoL, July I6.-D.ri.*.
Trams arrive at otuwa Central Depot :	cannot stick with one or two blows—	thunderstorm this afteronoon a
vii^i£k£.PIem ïa4aw“kat Pembroke, Egan- fir® must ** ^eidy, persistent work. y°UD8 f*rra hand named Lewie wmm a 53 I M r£XZTTït“"°,«* No m°M can the buaineea man hope to *truck br lightning and inatantly killed.
-.Aftfc-	hy«>"««« ort.o 1
be**
EAMAÏ
WM. HUTCHISON, ei M, P„
Preeident
e. McMahon,
Secy., 36 Sparks St
Hill
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT
E6 Trains daily between
OTTAWA A MONTREAL.
On and after June 16. 1W1. and until further advised train service will be as follows :
T. C. BATE
Treasurer
ooo
Come and #ee ue as
eupe to pleaee you
ftSsftasfiVBBatt:
INSTANTLY KILLED
ARMSTRONG BROS, LADYSMITH.
ggSSK»*»'
Tto# Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples ?ree
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
P. S.-Binder Twine-Plymouth Special.

Loss <100.000
OHAWVILLE’S
^ NEW
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
HAVE TOUR WATCHES AND CLOCKS REPAIRED AND GUARANTEED FOR ONE TEAR
In connection with my former business I have juet placed in position »
*«t of flrst-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
were
BY
Sash,
WHYTE, THE WATCHMAKER,
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turahiga, &o.
FARM hand killed
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
For which I am now prepared to rework 0RlerR <Uld gu*r&ntee toit-clsw
frew
MAIN STREET - - BHAWVTT.T.w
u 1 ’ ' my many customers their liberal patronage In the
I shall look forward to a future crease in buei
for
paM,
in*
J016. ELIOTT
are
s. Trains raa daily exMpt Sunday
PROPRIETOR.

i
