###PAGE###1###
EQUITY
Supplement
Supplement
c
SH AW VILLE QUE., THURSDAY, APRIL 26
i goo
»
L ---
Sir Charles to Sir Richard
I challenged them a year ago, and I re- DEVELOPMENT OK THK IRON IN peat it to night—I challenge them to show	DU8TRT.
one «ingle act, one «ingle item of public Next day Sir Charles Xupper resumed hie policy they have initiated and carried out speech on the budget. He said:	Mr.
that increased the prosperity of Canada. Speaker, in resuming the observations that And. air, they were dumb; and they are | waN making when the House roue last dumb now. 1 «hall refer by and by to the night, 1 may nay that I bad reached that miserable idea, the skeleton of a plea put |H>rtion of the speech of my hon. friend m by the Minister of trade and Commerce (Mr. Fielding) in which he refers to the to show what they did do. When we ex very gratifying fact that in the province of amine that a little more closely, we shall Ontario several new establishments have find the reason why these gentlemen are been started within the last year or two dumb when asked to name one single fea- and that there is, he believes, every proh-hire of public policy, one act of adminU ability that the iron drpondii of that, tration that has added to the prosperity of province will be worked upon a very much Canada that had been initiated by them, larger scale than ever before. I may say It is only where they had so servilely that no person has heard that with followed the steps of their predecessors, greater pleasure than I have myself. It where they have abandoned all their prin- will be remembered by the House that ciples and all their policies and have ac when I had the honour of holding the po-vepted and adopted ours, that they can sit ion of Minister of Finance 1 introduced •bow that they have done anything to ae a measure into this House calculated, in m>' cure prosperity for this country.	judgment, to promote the iron industry of
AUDITED Ij^NSEKVATlVK
ventured, mt that time, to indicate would he achieved. I am safe in saying that not n blow' would have been struck, in connection with the iron industry in any ijart of j nn-ada but for the policy adopted in '•
The reason that the fullest and greatest realization of everything anticipated did not accrue was owing to the remarkable fa-'t that shortly after the adoption of that measure pig iron fell in the greatest mmrkct
in the world for pig iron, the 1 n-ted King-	-_ .......—	-...* ....... w tl„ -, Llrf t ,	A	tl.KT
doni. something like 80 per cent. Of ni;< most powerful invective against the , has ever found me on that question adopt	A LUBDI.N MEDAL TARIFF.
mm wasmasamam
mmm
WJ®*1**
largest in any year since the early fifties. has been fruitful < ' nd\ n tuner to tne	i best outside of it to «import the party who
In 1898 the production amounted to £60.- province and the direct muse or n THE PUBLIC MEET I NO AT gvnvvv unitedly fomrht that policy whenever it was
(KH).(KK); in INtffl, the production was £40,- i freetmn of this new entemnse which	. A1 => » DNM. nrono,0f| Wl.nt ha. been tile effect of de
000,000. showing an increase in two yèars bids fair to make the town or . yd- hii CHARLES l LITER. When 1 visit- bating the hon. gentleman? Why. Sir. the of £20,000,000. Now, does the hon. pen nev the Pittsburg of ranada	<d my constituents the summer bel ore Iasi ; effect, of it has born that the coni sales of
tleman think that is worth a passing note	j10n frjPn(i wnq gnnd enough, in re-	they had been here, and met with *be province of Nova oo-"« have increased
in a budget speech, ss one of the means by frrrnrr M another part of his speech, to !*?.„aD£°,.te from my hon. friend frnm	ton^ in all Nova Scotia m
which this great expansion of trade and M t^.f y had raid a great compliment to J.* * JV* ty ^"ii. friend cannot be 1878 "hen the national policy was adopted business throughout the world has been , , is modcstv Th^re K no quality of the 8“i°|r 11	1 ie *aet8' because there was a ""d the duty was first imposed, to 2.410.10,
brought about ? On this same question let j	ininfj that I admire so much ns Lb l.ii n *1 fre^ented to me in the larg- tons of 1809. Mv hon. friend now boasts
s. «5CT&WSW .far- rr-tvs ts aa
s* ms ne isei
the hon. gentleman himself, in his hud- 1 connected with the great industnnl de- rasion, for one of the most hr iff innt . f*on 1,1 the province of Nova Scotia, and get speech, shows, as you will sec by refer* ; vrlopment in Nova Scot in. wlvcli bids fair ages jn hi# budget speech but tl,,.! .	1	,, ! he succeeded in getting n majority of the
**nce to it, that the increased mineral to make the county of Cnpn Breton winch remarkable likeness between it md the Wifdature of that province pledged to sup-wealth of the Dominion of Canada from I have the honour to represent, and the manner in which he port raved the unnd... P°r1 bin» in taking Nova Scotia out of the 1896 to 1899 has gone up from $22,584,813 to town of Sydney, rival even T ittshurg it- fu| position of the town of Sydney m union and destroying confederation. Where 846,245.879. Has that nothing to do with elf. A grnt'eman interested in that, Mr. great seat of the iron and steel enterprise wou^ Hi ere be to-day a possibility of any the expansion of trade that has taken place? ; Whitney, of Boston, a mo«t energetic and I suppose, that wonderful likeness lias 'rnn. industry in the province of Nova Why, Sir, if the Liberal party had not enterprising man. who has shown that lie I arisen from the fact that great minds some Mentis if the lion, gentleman had not been been repudiated by this country the hnm . is equal to very great financial enterprise, times jump together. However! I Mated ! defeated? That was in the year 1886. For-gentleman would not have been in a posi* was engaged in the coal industry in Nova frankly to the Board of Trade of tiic town j tunately, I was able to go down to Nova ? ion to make any such budget speech in Scotia. Having investigated the great of Sydney, that I would myself go to the I Scotia. T resigned my position of High 1900 as he has been able to make.	mineral resourees of that province and the I Government and would urge upon them, in ( Commissioner of Canada, re entered the
Sir Charles gave figures showing how advantages possessed by the county town	the strongest possible manner, the recon- Government as Finance Minister,went down
wonderfully Manitoba, the North West and ! i»f Sydney, for the development of a great | sidération of that important, quest ion, I I Nova Scotia	to	meet	the hon. grn-
Britisii Columbia had	— —,	,	- u o v v	.	. ...	— —.  |MMHlM|MIMPMIIIIIRRiVIPM
result of the construction of the Canadian i interested in the matter. Mr. (iiiiham rra- t'°ng Dial I did not despair of convincing | two-thirds of the province of Nova Scotia Pacific Railway, which, as he showed by ser, of the New (Glasgow Iron and Steel j the Government that they should reromd- ! at. my back; and J would do the same thing quotations from the speeches of the Lib- Company, was also deeply interested. '>er that question, and change the attitude again to-morrow if the opportunity presenters! leaders they had opposed with all their These gentlemen uccoini amed by the mayor	had adopted. J told them that if that | ed itself. (Cheers)
might, predicting that it woul<L ruin the of the town of	came	up	f'1 , ; J.11 I could say to them, was tuât,
country. The whole country had been to w- the Minister nf Finance, .ml they • i-.uld the time »m-. when r m, ft » ,.o-
iCûsRsr " “•	snuvs
wasasmm
in the town of Sydney, that there was no foundation for any such statement, and that the Liberals of Sydney heartily endorsed evry word I said.
Then, when I was invited to open the ? I provincial exhibition in St. John, N. B not long afterwards. I had the good fortune to meet my hon. friend, the Minister of Finance, mv hon. friend, the Minister of Customs (Mr. Paterson), and mv hon. friend, the Minister of Railways anrj Can-
solicited an interview
the inauguration of a great enterprise of rumstaners, I think I cannot compliment that kind. My hon. friend (Mr. Fielding), my hon. friend on his modesty in taking gave them an absolute, palpable refusal to entirely to himself the credit for this great do anything, and they went home utterly ; measure, for it is one of the greatest that discouraged. A year ago last summer, I has passed this House
is waited on bj the mayor, who asked	''l IH I • (,N i OAL.
me if I would accept the public présenta- Now, my hon friend said u remarkable tion of an address from the Board ut thing to put in a budget speech. Budget
me that they came to me to see if it were f,- ,gt n ( nHn H^°P ' towards my-possible that I could help them in the great	.U,,,lt| ° cn"™,’ 18 'l I,!a,tr,r °» taste
ddhculty m which they found themselves a,nrl Ju<igment, and I am inclined to think placed, inasmuch as after all the pressure !hat ah<r Hus experience it will not likely they could bring to biar on the Govern- *,v “'I'eated. At all events. 1 do not expect nient, they had met with au abniluto relu Jt ,n ke repeated by the hon. gentleman tor sal from the Government, to do anything a decade said
iu the way of extending the bounty system HH it then operated. The difficulty was this, that before the enormous capital required to build up that great enterprise could be obtained, the bounty under the law, would expire, and they would be deprived of any advantage whatever from it.
I could excuse my hon. friend (Mr. Field-mg), to some extent. There was the in cubus upon him of the Minister of Trade ,	.	,	.
and Commerce (Sir Richard Cartwright). !	y.oterl '‘Rn.nst the nntiona
who, no doubt, represented to him, that !	1|*<ln	re*'Rn his ofiice
it wn« ininoasihl* t’nr (Kni t !fu'#mrruiiit f.» I	Now, I do not intend	to	w.istc the time of
this House on a matter which can be found
to end, the whole was condemned by the hon. gentleman, who declared that it was going to prove disastrous to the interest* of the country.
A more disingenuous statement never was made on the Hour of this House, than the «talenient that I had applied that condemnation to the tariff of 1899.	1 say,
sir, that the hon. gentleman will search in vain for any evidence of such a hum of things. The quotation from Hants' proceeds:
Sir CHARLES TITTER No.
The MINISTER OF FINANCE—No
Then, if the tariff of 1898 was a goo» tariff, why did the hon. gentleman (Si Charles 'I upper) vote against the preference feature of it? It is too late for him to come and pretend —
Kir CHARLES TITRER-The hon gentleman (Mr. Fielding) has asked a question, will he not allow me to an-•wer it?
..The MINISTER OF FINANCE-
port to the project, an one which I was satisfied the interest of Canada required ; and you will find that, notwithstanding the entreaty of Mr. Holton, a friend of the Hon. Alexander Mackenzie, that motion was voted down by Mr. Mackenzie's Government. Then 1 may say that when we
„	.......	, ,	, r.4i	I .	, ..	.	, ,	¦ I were engaged in the great work of the con
How Sir \> lit red Laurier threw j roster) that the groat expansion of trade „t ruction of the Canadian Pacific Rail-
and the wonderful puait ion the country oc- way, costing the country «itch an enor-cunies today are owing to an increase m j mous sum of money, we did not feel war-values. therefore, the hon. gentleman ranted in pushing the work with the same has made a case against nimself. But. here vigour that we otherwise would, especially is a hbel uttered by him on	the	floor	of	when the hon. gentlemen told us that	it
this House which is deeply to	be regretted,	would be utterly fatal to the credit of Can-
Sir, the hon. gentleman dared to «ay on the 1 ada. completely ruinous to the country, to floor of tliM House:	attempt it at all. But, in the eighteen
™srxfs3s--w»	'ESmstJkSc‘A55	tstirsras
stoop to in those days. 1 well recollect	i *' * i° t1ITonseryaHvo Certainly not: we never have done so VVe
mmm	besip	hbs
mieszwaa	srsræssss
than it	was "hen	th.- hon.	ïcntli-m»"	iv	OR ANGFMKV TTUFITk'n	liv	«,»	that it was beyond all question the	three years, let me	refer	to	» subject which
ferred	to the adjournment	of	the	lions- in	vnAi\uz.Mr..\l .1 It hi. LM)	M	bIR	noat prosperous in Canadien history.	the	h"n	gentleman	has	not	given	prortmi-
consequence of my hon. friend Irom 5 oi k	mv uaixu.	cnee to.
(Mr. Foster) being som**wlut indispos'd but Mhat more does he say? He lhere is no person on this side of the that day, and not prepared to make a very makes a deeper, blacker and fouler charge House, no Liberal Conservative in Canada,
Jong address, as he had to do. But. Sir. against a great mass of intelligent people who does not rejoice that the hon. Minister we had a curious illustration given by the than th ai—1 refer to the Orangemen. 1 a in of Finance was able to make such a state-hon. gentleman himself. He rose to answer not an Orangeman, and 1, perhaps, know as , ment as that. But what 1 complain the speech of my hon. friend, ami stated little about Orangeism as any man in Can- - °f that running through the whole that he intended to go into a very elaborate ada. But I have always understood that \ ePe(,‘'h from A to Z, the story Was criticism of all the statements my hon. one of the great tea turcs of Orangeimn was fold as if these hon. gentlemen had brought fnend had given to the House; but he reverence for the flag and Crown; 1 have this about—as if Canada owed this mar fore he proceeded very far. he fourni that always understood that one of the great vellou« prosperity and progress to some he was a little indisposed himself, and he features of Orangeism was the maintenance thing which they had done. The hon. gen nioied the adjournment of the debate in of British law and British order. Now tleman did give Providence a order to enable him to prepare fully for the gjr, what did the hon. gentleman say ' mark at the very conclusion of
xnvr«:îtea	„¦	to*Tli.—,	" -....
SST&!"UKdi fSrt. yslic« «-
Minister of Finance. I had on the plea ot	t,n* rfh8,on	fiwt religion and race
illness failed to reply to a statement lie	against rave	it	it were	to the detri-
had made on unrestricted reciprocity, and IV'n 0 1 m Liberal party that during the whole of that debate. I	,hes<* men cue	then, or	what do they
Mas absent from the House. I think. Sir.	cale 00w-
whatever my failings may be, and I know
Trade
Scathing Reply to the Innuendos of the Min=
ister of Trade and Commerce.
I
Away tin* Opportunity of Obtaining a Preference for Canadian Farmers in the British Market — British Ready to Revelve Otters From Canada.
He (Sir Charles Tapper) poses as n gnat disciple of the national policy, but my memory carries me bark to a time when men who were more loyal to the national policy than lie was, brought into thin I fou ne a resolution to sustain certain features of the original national policy; and when the hon. gentleman found he was in difficulty over it, he
1 policy rather
Statesmen
Yen
Kir CHARLES TITRER \ did not
vote against the tariff of 1898; I voted against the etatementa made in the motion of the hon. member for Halifax (Mr. Russell), that I considered were untrue. But, I will ask the hon. gentleman (Mr. Fielding) this question: ghh not the tnuff of 189? the Cfcbden medal tariff, and is the tariff of 1898 a Cobden Medal tariff?
u tumor, represented to Inin, tha •v \"n impossible tor that Government to
htultity themselves in reference	to	every	_ .....j HI.....
portion of their policy, and he,	(Kir	Rich-	°n tin- journals of	the country;	but I way
ird Imtwnght), no doubt, pointed	out	this, that from the	first hour I entered this
u?	Mr. Fielding), that lie	had	used	Parliament. down to the present,	no person
that question adopt-action with
coal. I fought tor and out of sea
the
E
every
THE WORLD'S PRODUCTION OF
GOLD.
customs tariff as one which in its application has already resulted, and will; in an increasing measure, continue to result in material benefit to the Mother Country and to Canada,—
Î ilenv that it has resulted in anv benefit to the Mother Country, i say that the imports from Great Britain under that preference tariff are utterly insignificant ai compared with that they might naturally have been expected to lw without any preference whatever in the enormous expansion of trade that Canada has experienced between 1R9U and the present time. Moreover, I say it has not resulted good to Canada.
passing re his speech
ALL THE WORM) PROSPEROUS.
i Rut. I think, it would hove been only fair on the part of the lion, gentleman, to have said that Canada was enjoying this exceptional prosperity, not because of the present Government, and the marvellous things they had done to bring it about, but that the rest of the world was in the same condition. I hold under my hand | an extract, which, i am sure the House will allow me te mad. on this subject, from the London Time* of January fl, 1900:
What did
in any
He is speaking of every Orangeman in they are many, that gentleman on both Canada when he makes that statment — les of tins House will not include cowardice among them. Î ran tell the hon. I gentleman that lie was setting a bad example—that he was direiting the minds of non. gentleman in th rectinn that would not he very profitable rr advantageous to the Government at this hour.
PRICES ARE NO LOWER
—if the streets of Montreal were to run red. provided always that they scored a point against the Liberal administration.
1 he hon gentleman may may that the people have been relieved of some taxation. I have stood before great masses of the electors of Canada, and I have put thin Question to them: Have you paid 1res (luring the last year mince that tariff preference came in for the goods that you get from England than you paid before? And on every occasion there ham been an overwhelming responsive. “No.” Therefore, there has been no benefit that has reached the Canadian farmer, none that has reached the produce," of Canadian goods under that tariff. Therefore, sir, l was unable to vote in favour of a declaration that I believe to be utterly unsound and absolutely eontradietory of the facts. The resolution
House in a di
The year just closed has been an “annus mirabilis” in tettard to trade. In the remarkable story told in the series of reports published in our columns yesterday, and dealing with the chief industries of the country, there is a record of prosperity rarely equalled.
...........In almost all the metal and
mineral trades prosperity rarely equalled is reported. It is evident that makers do not know how to cope with the orders which they have booked and which are coming in. From the Cleveland district we learn that "all previous records in the steel and iron trades have been surpassed during the past vear, pig iron prices especially being better than during the previous twenty seven years report makes it clear that 1899 was the best vear for about a quarter of a century."
If the hon. gentleman thinks that he can advance the interests of his party in this country by a foul, a false and a mali-
Uttered
a gre.it body of intelligent pendent men throughout Canada, 1 think lie greatly mistakes his position.
The Minister of Trade and Commerce
(nous statement of that kind against
TWO VACANCIES IX THE GOVERN
MENT.
unie
What is the fact, Sir? That two of the most important departments held under the sa,d Government are vacant at this time on the Plea of illness of the parties who hold them Has the hon. gentleman these auspicious aroused as to the sincerity of gentlemen on this side of the House who at any time may be indisposed and in a condition in which it would
make a laboured effort in this House, owing to the fact that two of his colleagues •re absent on the pW of illness, because it is convenient for the Government not to bave them present in the House? Arc we
to understand that the Minister of the In-	4,	*
terior (Mr Sifton). who is absent on the	the Minister rthir Richard (art-
plea of failing in his hearing, which is wright) not know that there was a Lib chronic, and which has existed from the er*l brochure scattered through the prov-time we knew him here, and which was ,nL'C °t (Quebec broadcast, denouncing my no worse so far as we could judge is ab- Government tor having spent an enormous sent because he found it convenient to go amount of money on the militia service ? when the Committee on Publiy Accounts Does he not know that when the Venezue-was preparing to take up the 5 ukon scan- b - trouble arose, and when Germany did dal and put people on oath and have that not show any too great friendship toe the matter investigated this session? Tins the j Mother Country, one of the first acts of hon. gentleman that suspicion from the Sir Mackenzie
fact that he and his colleagues had resort- expend about *3,000,000 to place the best ed to this means of sending out of this arms that could be secured in the hands House members holding important depart- of the Canadian militia ? Does he not ments in the publie service, because it know that that Government lost a large wa« more convenient for the Government support in the province of Cue bee on ac-that they should not be m a ration to count of the declaration tha* they were have their conduct examined and overhaul- wasting money in providing these arms. 1
trve TTnute heforo »nd to «et an examnle expenditure not been made by the Urn-which it nle,dated to lead to ver" unplea- ^native Government,every one knows that »nt -'nmnnri«on«. Now. Sir. the hon per- the cost of sending the Canadian contin ?Vman has need lan«r’a<r* for wtvrh T Kents ot 2.500 to the scat ot war, wou-o be though* he n-ould nnolocize "'hen he nd- enormously increased by this (ioveiumcnt droceed the TT^tce fo-dnv. TTe ought to having to purchase that very rifle for iach hive nrolosirod.	volunteer. 1 despair of seeing a blush
mantle to the cheek of the Minuter ;Sii f?TR RICHARD’S LOT A LTV	Richard Can w right), but if ever a state-
ment was made by an lion, gen tier ::in that The hon. gentleman made use of Ian- , he should be ashamed of, it is that state-guage which T think we will all. on re flee- , mint. (Cheers.)
Hon. condemn. I do not think tWe is any | gmt Ionian or» th*t * de of the Hoii«e who
a,id the lion, gentleman got due notice ot The old flag, at long last cleansed and	lL .ihe amendment which the hou. Ai
purified, has been rescued in fair fight	tvI Jld8 enquired alter, is this:
from the hands of the miscreant» who	That all the worm» alter that be icit
traded on it and degraded it. and the	out, and that it t»e resoived tnat tins
old flag now waves better and purer	House is of opinion that a system of
and loftier than ever.	mutual trade i n.avenue between Great
When did that hon. gentleman ever do "ZTgrélfü/.ueMweüA PERIOD OF HIGH PROTECTION.
ties in the United States, who were de- -it l# .	...	enjoyed a greater measure ot protection
termined to destroy British institutions,	.... ! \& lllc. P^ition on which we lake	than that tney enjoyed from 1808 to 1873.
and united with avowed annexationists in	aiana. ana there is the line tn which	The hon. gentleman knows that a civil war
the United States, he led the van in this	nVntiili’IC^are, to, to battle vuh non.	was ravaging the United States. A million
country upon a policy denounced by the 2;	, m the face of the nieihgvni men or more were taken away from pro-
Rnn. Edward Blake a« one so disloyal that . t„	1 anada, and to ask lliuee elec duction and engaged in war. Manufacture
it would deprive Canada of British insti-	,lhrT they want a prvfeu nee .urn mg industries of all kinds were thorough-
tutions—a policy so disloyal that Mr. Blake .7	\\ ,'"er'..""	.	,	ly disorganized. In that condition of things
felt compelled to refuse to go into the battle	tnp °\ner °r whether they want n	Canada had a market in the United States
with his late confrere because he was	preference that will cairv out Me	which gave it one of the greatest periods
"meets that those who have motor in he	of protection that could possibly be. 1
direction of inter Imperial preferential	justifying the position hon. gentlemen op
’rnue have nrM tn from the fi.-st	posite found themselves in. In 1873, when
THE DEEPENING OF THE CANALS.	""
The non. gentleman (Sir Richard Cart-	over. But the protection that Canada eu
wnghti boasted of what his Government	joyed was swept away. Then came the et- .
had done with reference to the canals, and	feet of a low tariff upon Canada, leaving her * The Montreal Gazette, commenting on the above despatch, «ays:	"A	vimt	^
1 may say that 1 believe they have pretty	a slaughter market for the United Butes	Î	to Purls may be the very beat thing for Mr. Tarte s physical health, and w«	+
much abandoned their attempt at grand	whose industries were re-established and	%	sincerely hope that It will do him good, but the air of the French capital	Î
„	Ifrt is the Liberal )>olicy. Let me tell him	Minister, was a much lower tariff relative-	Î	Vuurnalist who Interviewed him the impression that 99 per cent, of the French-	Z
e	hon. gentleman	advocated.	It	is ! that a canal commission was appointed ini-	ly than the 15 per cent, tariff that had	%	Canadians disapproved or the war. ana consented with reluctance to the en-
who defeated the conspiracy which mediately after confederation with bir existed before.	% rolling ot volunteers, *®r,ehnnri21 % {he Government, but allowed to I
j	i
Canada. If that term 'miscreant could he	commissions ever appointed in this country,	while to show reason for that claim. Why,	T	not tell him the much more significant fact that a French-Canadian company	Z
hallowed and rendered an honourable epi-	and it reported in favour of the Wei-	it was amusing to notice the rounds of en-	Z	widen the Government ' allowed to «° to South Africa,	was In the front .if	Z
saaisB&E
tempt to	subvert	British	institutions	in	donald's Government and the contract» let.	he could not have been no ore heartily	Z	condemnation. Tne extract he read from the Patrie waa also calculated to	Z
Canada. (Cheers.)	Then as the question obtained greater at-	cheered. But the applause was greatest	Z	give a false impression, as well as »>r ng In exceedingly bad taste. The Patrie	+
right. He says that that great depreasion	navigation, and this matter was pressed up-	complishcd the most desirable feat in the	+	ed. He hinted that as a matter of i>oiltlcal expediency,	it was necessary for	+
was followed by a great fall in values. He	nn the Hon. Alex. Mackenzie and he utter-	history of the country. Where did this	?	the French Canadians to conceal their real feelings, we	do not believe Mr.	+
!#### | !
maintain the argument and the calculations	Canal to fourteen leet was propounded by	sive and calculated to mislead the people	+	whom he Is supposed to be authorized to speak.”
based upon the soundest, pun iplee of 1 the Hon. Mr. Holton, on going into sup-	whe have not studied this question ? I chal-	+
fe-.u-ce of my hon. irknd beside me lMr. I pip, 1 gave a hearty end enthusiastic »up lenged these hon. gentlemen twe years sauv A
The ex Minister of Finance is not ashamed to stand up and give the House to understand that he had îe-Juced the expenditure to a matter of $37.000,000. How did he do it? By starving two of the most important services Canada has to deal with by so reducing the expenditure on militia as to make the whole outlay for the year practically useless.
ARMED THE MILITIA.
is equal to very
was engaged in t	...	|	m..- ..._____ . ,„tlc „
nvvne. Having investigated the great j of Sydney, that I would myself go to
____	mineral resources of that province and the l t.overnment and would urge upon them
showing how advantages possessed by the county town the strongest possible o-th West and of Sydney, for the development of a great sidération of that im
I
goes on:
—and which has already aided in welding. and must at ill more firmly weld together the ties which now bind them, and desires to express its emphatic approval of such British preference having been granted by the Parliament of Can-
he desirable for them to
............ , ..., - ,, -	. .	,	,	.that important, question. I ! to Nova Scotia to meet the hon. grn-
developed a« aj iron and *teel industry, he became much torn them their ease was so overwhelmingly tleman’* agitation, and name back herewith
More than one
ada
I now come to one of the moat disingen-
non* mrT trnfnfr stnfrmrnls possible for a
gentleman on the Treasury Benches to make a statement calculated to grossly misrepresent the attitude I had adopted with regard to the tariff of 1807 8. The hon. , gentleman rend from my speech as follows, j which was delivered when lie brought down hie tariff in 1897:	' •
What is the history of the United States of America? Precisely the same. The lion, gentleman knows that they declare thnt they have reached a position in their trade and commerce and everything that indicates the greatness and advancing prosperity of the country, such as they have never known before. Therefore, what I object to, is putting these things forward in a manner to lead—not the members of this House, who know how little hon. gentlemen Opposite have tn do with it—but. people not so well informed in some of the back settlements of the country, to believe that this Government has achieved something marvellous for Canada, that has never happened in its history before.
Th# Minister of Trarta,	TomiiiftfOl
said that this preferential	*	. .
of great value to Great Britain. y last night, as I understood him, tff1 1 had no doubt that we had obtained".», permission to have trust funds invested n our securities, which would be of great
to Canada largely
preferential tariff. But what does Prime Minister say on that question ? He ought to be an authority. He is the leader of the Government and has the Minister of Finance to advise him on financial questions, and the hon. Minister ot Customs behind him, unsafe as it may he to trust the hon. gentleman (Sir ...chard Cartwright) who sits in immediate proximity. What did the Premier say? ing in the city of Montreal and the city of Quebec, he said that Great Britain had accepted preferential trade at a great sacrifice, because, to obtain it, she had had to denounce the Belgian and German treaties and thus lose a large amount of a valuable trade, much greater than any benefit that it would he to her. So, the hon. gentleman finds that he is in controversy on that question with the Prime Minister and that 1 have the Prime Minister on my side as to this preference tariff not being the boon to Great Britain that would induce her to make valuable concessions to Can-
in consequence of
value
the
The result is that this tariff
goes into operation and the hon. gentleman knows that the industries of this try are already paralyzed in con sc quence, while hon. members gloa over the destruction of Canadian industries. 1 was reading the wail, the sorrowful wail of those industries in the Montreal "Gazette,” where one manufacturer after another declared that those industries were ruined, that their nulls must close, and that they saw staling them in the face a return of the deplorable state of things that existed when the hon. gentleman who last addressed the House was in charge of the fuwal policy of this country. J sav that a deeper wrong was never inflicted upon Canada.
the
Howell’s Government was to
coun
Speak
THE DRUMMOND COUNTY RAILWAY
Then the hon. gentleman said that Government railways are being developed to a considerable extent, but that our ex-ptnditure in that direction was a profitable one, because it was giving increased revenue to the Intercolonial Railway
It we could get at the truth, which ought to be most easily obtained, we would have evidence clear and unmistakable that instead of the development of the Intercolonial Railway gvstem giving increased earnings, it has been the cause of a heavy deficit. From I>evis to Montreal, the Intercolonial Rail wav has not paid its expenses or anything like it, and what increased revenue is we must look for in the province of Nova Scotia, and that is due in a great measure to the development of Newtoimdland and the consequent increased business between that colony and our far eastern provinces. But that subject we will discuss more fully on another occasion.
But there is no difficulty in showing a surplus in the Intercolonial Railway when you spend a million dollars per year on that railway, as you have done this year and charge it to capital account.
+
our
! flR. TARTE IN PARIS. ;
I
?
.	? friend, the Afin
? QUEBEC, April 14.—The Soleil, In Its issue of to-day, reproduces an Inter- ? als (Mr. Blair). » wnvuen an interview > view with Mr. Tarte, published In Le Journal de Paris, and signed “Ludovic ? , from these gentlemen in the hotel where
--------------------------- "	........—"" """	......... haopened to he «tnying. They were good
ugh to accord me that interview and l
I deny
tliaf statement
4- Naudeau " Mr. Tarte at first did not wish to express any opinion on the 4 South African war. "Frank declarations might arouse the susceptibilities of 4 4 the English without satisfying the French." The Interviewer, however, In- +
?	«leted expressing the painful surprise felt In France when it was known that +
4 Canada hud consented to the sending of troops to fight against the Boers. + Z "But rny dear sir." said Mr. Tarte, “you must realize the situation. Re- ? 4 member that the Krench-Canadlan population Is now very far from forming ? 4 a majority of Confederation. There are 216 members In the House of Commons 4 4 and onlv fifty-five of them are French-Canadians ; the rest are English. It ? 4 must be agreed that, considering our numbers, we are strongly represented 4 4	in	the Cabinet, since the President of the Council. Sir Wilfrid	Laurier, and	+
4	“It is quite possible that in their hearts 99 per cent, of the	French-Cana-	+
j.ans disapprove of the war and think that Canada could have put the money ? «nent to more practical use. Yes, it Is quite possible. But as good citizens ? we have to submit to the opinion ot the majority, for Canada Is In reality a ? 1 republic, and unless the minority gives way. no progress can be made. Lest I should be misunderstood, remember that we are loyal to the British Empire. 4 We are obliged to be for all kinds of reasons, economic and social. This will + hr	easily understood by every Frenchman who has lived lr. Canada. Moreover,	>
must be admitted that the British Empire does not worry us.	It leaves us	+
I fUn liberty to keep our language and social organization."	+
1 f ("Besides." said Mr. Tarte, T,t anada has not sent troops against the Trans- + vaal She has only authorized the enrolling of volunteers Intended for the 4 ?-campaign. She has clothed and transported these volunteers. That is not quite 4
4 the same thing."
The Interviewer remarked that It was "a rather subtle distinction, eiJU . t eeked Mr. Tarte what was the subject of his protest In this connection.	T
Î The French-Canadians do not wish the sending of the contingent to South I Africa without the previous consent or Parliament, to be considered In any 1 f rase a precedent," Mr. Tarte replied. The exceptional circumstances which I
?	tain cases drag her further than she wished to go, and Involve her In disagree. 1
Z able complications?	^
“Canada," he said, “is much more French than It was thirty years ago and if the tide of English immigration were to be directed elsewhere. th«
Î French-Canadians might recover the majority."
The interviewer remarked that certain French-Canndlan Journals humiliate T themselves before the English In a manner painful to observe.
?	n Mr. Tarte replied that that was not the case with La Patrie, published by Z
: ;
I	r'auSîTd	W“h 'h°	?
I -You see." added Mr. Tarte, "the remembrance of the mother land still * Î lives in Canada. Bui we are under the necessity of acting with policy and
:
Thov were good	¦¦¦¦
WmfflM
The MINISTER OF FINANCE.—Did rP8ultL 18 sUted by hlm In hl* budget yen say "reconsideration?”	speech:
Sir tHARLKR
consideration, because th*» subject had been pressed upon them bv ill the parties moot doeoly interested, who had met with an absolute end noeitivp refusal.
The MINISTER OF FIN A NOE.—We
shall see about that latrr.
we
ada
THE EFFECT ON TRADE
1HK CONSERVATIVE AMENDMENT
Now, the hon. gentleman has said that of the great features of this preferential tariff has been the enormously expanding trade of Canada, for the reason, as he puts it, that if you buy from a corny they will buy from you. That ia the cardinal principle that my right hon. friend the Prime Minister has again and again enunciated; and lie has gone eo far to say that this great expansion of oui exports to Great Britain has been in consequence of a preference which never preferred. 1 have shown on a former occasion that the statistics of the three years proto hon. gentlemen opposite coming into power, as compared with the figures show that there has been a decrease
+
one
try
Ills
And when we did learn something, we had the courage to come down and say so, and to make the change. And so with the change in one item and a change in another, here a little and there a little, we made it a goo But has my hon. friend said il good tariff? No.
vem. re
as
d tariff it was a
+
LEFT OUT OF THE BUDGET
vious
When the House met, as will he seen bv That when the customs tariff of any less to Canada than before, notwithstand-reference to Hansard, I took this matter up country admits the products of Can- ing an enormously expanding trade in this in mv speech or, the address as one of the ada on terms which, on the whole, are country? In contradistinction we have the
mmm
them in St. John, that I did not ask this	the first year	and 2u per cent, the second.	t.n0rmous advantage to Great Britain	I
as any political favour to myself, because 1	That was the	position to which I was	iuvit-	.	j0 not think that the figures	show	it
could only assure them that if they refused,	ing the House; and m that connection	J was	|	These hon. gentlemen tell us that	England
I should make that one of the leading	showing that	radical changes had	been	will buy our cheese, butter, eggs	and	all
planks	in	my	platform	whenever	I	had	made subsequently, which enabled these in	these things, not because they prefer them,
an	opportunity	to	discuss	these	questions	dustries to re open their doors and the peo-	but because Canada gave them a prefer-
with the great electorate of Canada.	pie to go back to work	ence— that in the gratitude of their hearts
A RECEPTIVE MIND.	they want to eat our bacon, our butter and
1 will give the hon. gentleman the credit	our cheese, whether the) like their, or not.
of having one great quality which his ure	1 »ln 4îüin« to quote what l consider a very
decoseor on that side (Sir Richard Cart-	high authority 1° contradwt that slate
wright) was never gifted with. He has a meut. 1 have shown by figure*, that where receptive mind. He has shown that he is )oU 8,avA 00 preference, aa in the vase of capable of being taught. He has shown the United States, there lias been an in-that when he has mad * a mistake, he does create of imports and where you gave a not come to the conclusion that there u preference, to 1'r, atllhas
mmmrn
Let me read what you »aid on the Hour ui this House, and 1 heartily endorse every word of it, although 1 do not always endorse what you may now. On May a,
per
never
me
with his late confrere ¦¦¦¦P not willing to fight under false colours and berause he believed that the commercial subjugation proposed by the hon. gentleman to the United States would end m political subjugation and destroy our Brit ish connection. I do not attribute to him, as I properly might, the tenu that he ha* used. I might say that no man but a miscreant would have adopted such a policy, but if I use that term, I take it from his own mouth and his own lips. To whom does he apply that term, and whom does he charge with having lowered and degrad-1 r g bogiand? It i» ‘lie men wno fought to the death that disloyal policy which the hon the men I
am
i
was
THEY DID RECONSIDER IT.
But let that be as it may, 1 am happy to say that the hon. gentlemen did recon eider the question; the scruples and difficulties they had entertained were overcome; and they brought down the policy to which I gave that hearty assent, which I pledged myeelf in the city of St. John to give; as I pledged in the town of 8yd-that they would find the great Liberal Conservative party of Canada standing solidly behind the Government in maintaining a policy of that kind, and that if the hon gentleman .ghould meet with some whir difficulty on his own side of the House, he And so, Xu. speaker, we haw the would find none on this side. There was tariff as brought down in the first draft, an entire support of the Liberal Conserva- I	then the final draft of 18U7, and then
Gva party to the policy. Under these dr- | the tariff of 1898; and, from beginning
had
ney
our
X
>
###PAGE###2###
2
that
Dow the bon. gentleman JMn*
™Tl“e Mr	iT or “ra ÎT.WAY8 AND
CANALS (Mr. Blair). Ye Sir CHARLES Tl/l PER mind the House of what the Prime Mm-ifiV’r of Canada said in oberbrooke. ^ apologized for having done anvthmg. lio *uid ho had not consented to anything not even to allowing men to enlist in the nnt* iah army from Canada, he had not con* stated to anything until ho was borne down by the overwhelming sentiment of the country. Lot me call n witneaa from that «idc of the House. The hpn. the junior member for the city of Halifax (Mr. Riuh sell) Inn borne this testimony:
It warn the opportunity and the privilege of the leader of the Opposition to initiate the proposal to oiler Canar dian troop# for urn'ice in South Africa.
It was a proud, anil enviable, and distinguished opportunity.
Then, what do we find the boo. member for Ivabelle (Mr. Bouraaea) saying on this subject:
•vw7 one knows that hundreds of thou* views still. We know that the 1 renders of sanas of men would bo brought into the Australia had agreed, that they had pass Dominion by a policy that would give ed a resolution asking for a commission on Canadian products a preference in the Eng* thia subject. And who stopped it, who Bah markets over the products of foreign blocked it, who prevented anything being countries, and every man brought into this done? The onus reals on the right country is an additional strength to the 1 gentleman (Sir Wilfrid Laurier), who bad Empire, am ham been recently mb own. I given bin pledge that ho would do every Therefore, the great objection we hail to | thing in hie power to support this policy, this preference was that we were throwing MR. CIIAMBERLaIN'8 OFFER.
whicn the products of In the meanwhile, however, 1 may may enter the British mar-	that I note a resolution which appears
ket on better terms than the products of to have been paused unanimously at a foreign countries, It Is on that ground that meeting of the Vtemiers in Hobart, we object to this preference clause. We in which the desire was expn-teted tor object to it as throwing away the most ef I closer commercial arrangements with factive means bv which a preference in I the Empire, and I think it was sug-the British market could be secured for gerted that a commission of inquiry our goods. This, the right bon. gentleman | should be created in order to tee in
what way practical effect might be given to the aspiration. If that be the and if it were thought at the present time you were not prepared to go beyond that inquiry, if it were the wish of the other colonies, of Canada and of the South African colonies, to join in such an inouiry, Her Majesty's Government would be delighted to make arrangements for that purpose, and to accept any suggestions as to the form of the reference and the character and constitution of the commission, and would very gladly take part in
ted States was driven out of the English that tfcüa. I think, in power: if not, he time In this House a letter of His Grace market by Canadian oheeee long before the was Foreign Minister and Tier Majesty, the Duke of Devonshire on this subject in preference was thought of, and that aacen- in lier speech at the closing of Parliament, response to a communication which had •lancy attained under the Liberal-Conserva- said:	been made to him by the Postmaster Gen-
tive rule has, I am happy to A conference was held at Ottawa In eral. That hon. gentleman sent that, com-fay, continued to the present the month of June last, at which re* mumcation without referring the matter time. So it is irith Canadian preaentativea of the Imperial Govern- to mo, as I think he waa hound in court-bacon. Art I went through the streets of mont, the Dominion of Canada, the ®*y to do. Seeing that he was sending what Ivondon, I was gird to see in the large gro- (^pe and the Australian colonies met purported to be a speech of mi no in order eery at ores, that Canadian chtese and Cana- to consider questions relating to Inter- to obtain an opinion upon U, I think ho dian bacon were rated of far better quality colonial tariffs and communications.	should have taken the trouble to verify that
and selling at a higher urice than the j have learnt with satisfaction that sp'och before sending it. However, the American products. The hon. gentleman the proceedings of the conference were Duke of Devonshire says in him letter that (Mr. Fielding), mays that we do not ask 0f B character calculated to strengthen he never made a formal offer of intcr-im-for any quid pro quo from England, and the union of the colonies concerned, P™a] trade to my right hon. friend, that we do not want any pound of flenh. both among themselves and with the Nobody supposed he had any power to Let me tell him that Cans da did not ori- Mother Country.	do so. As a member of the Government
ginate this policy of preferential trade. m. _ a. _ *t,_	he could discuss the question, but was not
TnteMmperiai preferential trade was adopt- Ml . t f	,,»ko #k. *n s portion to make an offer; but I put
ed in 1801, by the UniW Empire Trade	** to mT right hon. friend whether he did
iürcvTïïr'i'.	& isri£.r^ «a	ks.c’v t ,
JsP^'tïï. »it,t	i
point I raised before. 1 have shown what On that point, 1 think I mentioned last policy waa propounded, because having ex , tn tClmitv "nf Hie Fm "^mnpment. If that was not his under* tlemen, the Canadian Government and the resolution, what the policy, of 1807, was, year that mv hon. friend the Minister of «mined all the mean5 to bind the Empire 1 , t» .P'm f uZr,\ „f iVnül finding of the speech, why did my right the Canadian people ask nothing in rathe policy 1 denounced. It warn a free trade Trade and Commerce, shaking at Odiawa, together, they thought this was the best. P l tvi.	nn in 10,1,1 flnfi .L.1IÎ . hon. friend reply that he did not want turn. They have done it out of grnti-
policy, it was a policy of giving to all the on F. binary 10, 1801, is thus reported: They arrived nt the conclusion that to the T», TT" .?m?flr rhureterd P* ” anything of the kind ? Will he tell this iude for the Motherland. They do not world, and not giving anything to Eng- C. XV. Scott aaked: “Does the Lib j filing of sentiment might be added mu-	1.0 *v Vji ‘	House that the other Premiers did not con- ask any quid pro quo; they do not ask
land. At that time England wn* a! moat eral party favour discrimination against , tunlly beneficial trade relations, and that Whereas, while the trade legist a- sider it an invitation to them to state for the pound of flesh; the do not rathe onlv country that could take advantage Great Britain bv admitting American , both combined, would indissolubly unite tton of other nations is framed to sub- how far they would be able to go in mak- quire a price for their loyalty.^**
But 1 say it waa a policy open to manufacturers free and taxing the the Empire together.	their local interest a, all British ing proposals to Her Majesty's Govern- t __ ft#raid he not rlaetIv
.  " s;»w.r5if frws.i;	xrs:.ks^AJi t srsxtt'aSTsss
There is n party amongst us who	i.er cent., while they have been lessened	thorities to show what substantial ad\mn-	nJlilyl vLtIL*	conditions and not only that they would	we are.	been made In regard to this subject, by
would willingly discriminate against	from England, he has succeeded in carry !	tags might he given to colonial products In	JZf as to luîtifv an aîïïn^	ÎVftve opened their markets to us,	Sir CHARLES TOPPER, Quite so.	the Premiers, and ended in proposing to
IiüsiI ###3# FilElBlS ####-- grSÜHHÜ
Empire will be fo-tend by laws rx	men on that ride of the House who will	, .... ./	u™* °f Cflih kingdom dominion prov-	The world has not become the commer-	discu *d upon the broad principle of mu-	regard to this matter? Now. Sir. Colonel
eluding or discouraging fortiga gootls.	repeat that to-day. VX’ns that statement	, KJÎ- J Î? uTp *"^7 f?i*n^inR r>ar of	I cinl paradise which was predicted in the	tuai benefit to Great Britain, and to Can-	Howard Vincent was interviewed on this
If tin « were to he the consequence true? XX'a.s there discrimination in the tar- | . +	^ natmne- I early davs of free trade opinion, when nda, and the outlying portions of the Em- | subject, February 12, 1807. and this is what
of what you have done, 1 need hardly iff? If fo, you have increased it, tenfold. nri^ j ÎL T%110 n ^cll, Sir. Mr. Chamberlain opened that I it was hoped that free trade would pire. But. the right hon. gentleman
say that we of the Cohdvn Club would The statement made bv the hon. Minister .	.uv**! v Fma * Chamber of Commerce with a speech of hind all the nations of the earth so rowed it down and gave it an entirely dif- Tn view of Mr G E Foster's and
not have been here. It h because we	of Marine and Fisheries (Sir Louis Do-	Vy nf m^’ h*t?„ 1 ^? u ^u	immense significance. He said:	closely together that it would he a	ferent character, taking the strongest	g.v Clinrles Tunrer'p speeches and the
believe that your effort* aie founded on	vies), to a action of the Chamber of Com-	H	<)b1	L.tn r Siffl J2Ï	And I admit that, if I understand It	\ matter of comparatively little import-	means he could to prevent anybody ever	artion of the Canadian ‘
OMtr principle, and will be fo -	merce in England has exposed that hop.	he h • member for Tweeds who mi tv	oorractiy, I find the germs of such a	| bT wbo™ they were ruled, or un-	acccmphshing anything in favour of this	correspondant asked Colonel Howard
y opposite mulu, that we, fol-	.rntleman to the feet that hie statements	. h jf ' y	Pmpoeal In a reenlutinn which ia to he	what influence they were govern-	great measure that the whole people of	Vincent, M.P.. to-dnv what action waa
s»5/â«erUL«ÿ	EFzzrerasuAS	ins&rss	WÆyMsœ ztr&JZirst
Kiatulate and to thank you. lou do England, and he .aid that their tariff	State « would have a rtuht tolnt*H«*	reenlutinn ’ I hope I correctly explain It.	Vet. are bring thrown open to 11» by the	man knows will do more for Canada than the Emnire. He replied: “I cannot eav
sara:-*' ~	tri'ifratte srafrA-rcus swsarAatar*1
Gi	£•	t m“’T	asr sts SRAtrts	« «» EMPD,“ ™4™	zsxzAfu £?&£?&
asm Wi lis	les mm *
r. temfl.'TtSR ‘ï. SCuS 1 can Munnmr. vtatoowt.	“* '™ - «—»*• 1 ~
ffses : & s&rîifls u sus* wtasAistfs	•» ™.mm «m™. TO1
dlately, but nt a very early day it wiU , rjFr which I ventured, across the floor of j who feel themselves to be the pioneers pasped a resolution to this effect:	?l,p 1 *mriments.	_ I and the Conservative party standing be- D'ons, can he given to the great mgricul-
be felt; and, the gentlemen on the the Hoiist', to extend to him in reference	of such a movement and the apostles	That this Conors» nf rb*mh»r« nf	a IXe ,av0 e	I hind them, giving all the aid and sympathy Dirai interests of Canada that will corn-
back benches have enlightened us by to the West Indies. I stated last year,	of such a doctrine, to go forth to flght	Oommor^ of th^Fmrdre of ordnlotl	mbt.of gratitude to Great Britain.	they can. Mr. Chamberlain naid, in reply Pare f°r « moment with the advantage it
telling us that- after person aJ comma- and I repeat again, that I regard it as a	for it, and, when they have convinced	that the establish mo rît of rlo^/Vor^	Me have done it borause it is no in-	l0 the right hon. gentleman (Sir Wilfrid woVW derive in securing the imposition of
meat ion with the Government, they most unfortunate thing that G re ai Britain 1 the people of this country, their battle mrreial relations hetwwn tho	tention of ours to disturb ifi fmv way Laurier)—for he spoke later:	1 a duty upon the products of foreign conn-
mu	« mm mm
s&.itre.yiss-s?r	w»sœ*skirls¦s jm-sa.*—-“ —*** zif
KrzpdrziAt .'S's:rzie.rAd ssz&Aœm-sc-js arsvaz.fc-±sus	sî-^swss#s.«rss	“• -
m	m mm
pimmE terror; ^
RrSstîS	j10;•*	|ïîSss
That on several occasions the Gov-	h»s 25 per cent, tariff to the West Indies	®JJ“7 ^cretary of the United Empire	In regard to this question of prefer-	his part. It is very significant that he this question, that it is scorned by the knowledge of commercial affairs as well	inaugurating & nolicv of mutual bene-
eminent and Parliament of Canada	that he would find it perfectly delusive,	I rade League, in reply to the memorial	1 t UneT dmrpd ^ 8Ay	should have gone out of his way to curse press and the people in that country, utter- as the Minister of Finance. Now, Sir, this	?,fc whereby each component part of
have requested Her ^lajestv to he	a“d he now admits that he ha* failed to :	present,d W mont h by the council of	. 1 T. , Tupper was no more	that which he was sent to bless. 1 ly fails to grasp this subject, utterfy fails I proposition that the hon. gentleman scoffs	the Empire worn.; receive an ad ravage
pleased to take such steps as might be	nccompli-h whnt he expected. I am glad	that body, praying that notice might be	favourable to the idea than himself.	I may say that Lord Salisbury does not to see it in its true light. 1 at, derides, ond says is ont of the question,	in.	.a>	a	reault oi it§
«”a»“M5,11 gafwsAzy,?	j^ra r*ta «»™*«»». *t*3 srs-„«*
mm mm iêèm
¦eiÉ*
HÜIlÉil
«J ¦ppppe
dwired to turn for her trade, and we de- to 1895? What occurred in the cheese trade! ned on w'th	countn“-	TER.	bind	more closely together the colonies snd of Lbs Premiere of Australia declared in , of their blood and of thïir treasnm
aired to discourage, at all events, the offer- XVe sent, in 1878, $3,801,643 worth of cheese That resolution was sent home to the Im- Well, Sir, the Minister of Trade and the Empire. That could best bo done by 1 favour of having a commission appointed. fo* the defence and th» hnnmir n? «kl of any induccmcnU to tie United to Great Britain, the cheese of the Uni- j penal Government. Lard Roeebery wee at Comme» read for the third or fourth | the Empire benefiting us and we it, and ! and we want te know if theee axe ,om | Empire in land. tbat ek fe ïUy. b
Ftatea. Now, how does my hon. friend account for the fact that under that policy, under that tariff which ho introduced with a grand burnt of loyalty, a great flourish of t nimpets tut to what he was doing for England, how does it turn out that at the « ml of three years you have done nothing to increase that trade ? Your imports have boon tho same from the Mother Country during tho three years that you have been in i>ower as during the previous three years before you came in. On the other hand, we find that for in 1804, 1805 and 1896 thero was an average importation of $37.000,000 a year from the United States or 68 per cent, in favour of tho United States. I «ay that if the English people can be made to feel grateful for the creation of a tariff that brought about that result, I do not think they would exhibit that amount of intelligence that I should hope to find in that country.
6853, Mt
¦f will be found in Hansard,
Bain «aid in the House of
When we do the bent we can and put our natural products on the English market in the best possible condition, when wo offer tho best quality of cheese, the finest grade of butter, the finest wheat the world product's, and put them on her market in the best condition.then we have a guarantee that the English dollars will come to our pockets, and come in a legitimate process.
Oomin
008
Let me re*
hon
lie
gvment made bv the colonies could
That is the whole thing in a nut shell and I hoi»»» this eminent agricultural authority will he heeded and will have the effect ot destroying some of those fallacies.
Vhe MINISTER OF TRADE VXD COMMERCE (Sir Richard Cartwright). I hope my hon. friend will listen to other advice he got from that quarter equally pertinent
A FREE TRADE POLICY.
d
After Parliament waa prorogued,
event» went on, until it came to the pomt where tho Prime Minister declared that Canada was not at war with the South African Republic: that our Militia Act forbade the sending of troop» outside of Canada unless lier territory was threatened; and, moreover, that Parliament was sovereign In the matter, and that, without the sanction of Parliament, tne Government could do nothing. I think this is a fair resume of the position taken by the right * hon. gentleman in hie often-quoted interview with the "Globe." 1 he leader of the Opposition took issue with the Prime Minister. In a telegram which did not reach its destination, but which wna published broadcast-----
And known well to the hon. gentleman,
—the hon. gentleman advised the Gov* ernment to send troops right at once and not to mind Parliament. I need not say where in y sympathy stood. Ton days Inter the Government gave up, and decided to send troops.
I commend that to the attention of non, gentlemen opposite. What more have we. Sir? At this moment we have the fact that supporters of the Government are now agitating tho question and arc holding public meeting» in the j>ro vince of Quebec. The hon. member for Lap raine and Napier* ville (Mr. Monet), the hon. member for La belle (Mr. Bourassa), and the hon. member for Charlevoix (Mr. Angers), are holding public meetings in the province of Quebec denouncing the sending of troop apologizing for the Premier, and saying that lie was misled by that dreadful Sir Charles Tuppor.
BOARD OF TRADE RESOLUTIONS.
This may bo a farce that is being carried out, but, I think, if it is one, it la not particularly creditable to the hon. gentleman. 1 will ask the permission of the House to have these resolutions of the boards of trade entered on the record, aa
no time to read them:
our
of it
it
nar- he enid
Parliament, a
ihe op: lowed 1
•l
man.
The United Empire Trade League now numbers quite two-third* of the Ministerialist* in the British Commons.
And yet, the hon. gentleman tells this House that no man ran he found in Eng-
ed there, j had the honour of dining"with I that will lend any countenance or any I	reallv
t'—fr--	1- ». And,	Ninction to these proposals. T	havn been	1	y
rganization ex’	°W‘ged to detain the House at	length on
that I should	this question hern use I consider	it of Vital
Ottawa Board of Trade:
Whereas, the second congress of the Chambers of Commerce of the Empire declared, in 1892, “That arrangements should be devised to secure closer commercial union between the Mother Country and her colonics and dependencies/' and, "That o commercial union within the British Empire on the bar sis of freer trade would tend to promote its permanence and prosperity;”
And, whereas, it has been generally admitted that the colonies should contribute towards the cost of Imperial defence, and, us a matter of fact, colonial forces have participated with those of the United Kingdom, in defending tho integrity of the Empire
There tore, be it resolved, that, in the opinion of this congress, a certain degree of closer commercial union among the countries of the Empire can be most conveniently established a step towards the introduction of inter-British free trade most readily taken, and the responsibilities ot each part of the Empire most equitably borne by providing a revenue for its defence, and other common Imperial purposes, from the proceeds of a pm all uniform duty (over and above those of the local tariffs, where any such are levied) on importations from foreign tries, into every part of the En Montreal Board of Trade:
That in the opinion of this congress the bonds of the British Empire would be materially strengthened and the uniqn of the various parte of Her Majesty's dominions greatly consolidated— By the colonies contributing towards the naval and military defence
all
COUQ-
mpire
<a)
•il
It is probable that
1
•likt
H*
said in bis budget speech in regard to the United States:
If, in the United States there had been manifested any great desire to have better t**de relations with us, I am sure there would be a very strong demand from many people in Canada for reductions in the tariff on American products. But our American neighbours feel it t-o be their duty, and they feel it to be consistent with their best interests, not to encourage closer trade relations with Canada. And while they take that position, we do not think the moment is favourable for making reductions upon articles which are produced in the United States. The Joint High Commission, though it has not. accomplished much, has not yet coino to the end of its term. It is theoretically, at all events, still an open question, and though there may be no immediate prospects of its re-assembling it has not yet been dismissed by the only authorities who can terminate its existence

If we shall have an opportunity of opening up trade rela with the United States, I am sure this Government will not fail to take advan-ge of it.
NOTHING TO INCREASE BRITISH
THAI
I beg to move:
ThM, all tho words ifter tlie word
I hat be left out and the following added instead thereof: “This House ie oi opinion that a system of mutual trade preference between Great Britain and Ireland and th? colonics would greatly stimulate increased production in and commerce between these countries, and would thus promote maintain the unity of the Empire; and that no measure yf preference which falls short ot the complete realisation of such & policy should bo considered àâ final or satisfactory,"
la*
###PAGE###3###
3
of tho rata of dutiable good# Imported from Groat Britain, and I And that in 1890. tho rate of tariff Imposed on dutiable good# from (iront Britain wa/* 30.20. In 1899 it in 26.62, or ju*t three and fifty-eight-one hundredth* of one per rent, le# than it wa# in ISOti. Again I way these are not my figure#. They are the figure# taken from the table published by the Minister of Trade and Commerce in hi» report.
Mr. If ACC ART—With the percentages calculated by him?
Mr. FOSTER—Ye§, with the percent» themaelve# calcula ted bv hi# depart-
¦peaking of reduction# made on the figure# of the '1 rade and Navigation Return!, on the figure# which your own report gives me. I have mode the calculation#, l will put them before the House, and I will challenge you to dispute their correctness. I urn following up, exactly, the method that the hon Minister of Fin* (Mr. Fielding) piu tued on Friday. wh»*n he «aid ho had figured out a rate of 2.02 per oent. of u reduction, equal,to a reduction of taxation of $3,070,(XX).
The Mini#ter of Finance—A reduction am compared with your tariff, not a# cam-pared with any tariff of our own.
Mr. Foetti^~I am
that he has made mince 1807 to the vrewnt hour. Now, Mr. Chairman, mo far, I have dealt with the large figure# of the expendt I<ct mo give the lfouao a table h I will compare 1KD3-0 with 1808 V
dânt revenues of the country? Or if they are dissatisfied with neither of these thing#, why thin lucid ejaculation? If you add all these expenditure» from 1878 to 1890 together, you will find that wn spent on these great service# of the country $142,* 6'H),(HK), while they spent no more than $11,000,000 on similar service*; and, Sir, will you remark it, while we nfn-nt $142,-(HMÎ.000 our debt increased only $118,000,000. the nwt of the expenditure being provided for out of the revenue# of the country. And yet, my lion, friend thinks that it is a fair thing to send out to the country a comparison on such dissimilar ground* as he placed before this House on Friday last, lift us look at another point. Suppose we did increase the debt from 1878 to 1808 by $0,583,000 a year, while they increased it during the last three years by only $2,503,000 a year; let us go to the other side of the ledger. How much taxation did we take out of the people of this country fmm 1878 to 1800? We took $20,500,000 a year. How much have these gentlemen taken out in the three year» since they name into office? They have taken out $31,000,000 a year, and they are increasing this in the i resent year bv $4,000,000. If we hnd taken the same taxation out of the country that these gentlemen are taking out of It today, wo would have met all that exjiendi-turo of $142,000,IKK), and we would have comparatively little of that $118.000,000 added to the debt of the country. The bon. gentleman tays: Now, look at my surplus. Yes, look at his surplus. Why. Hr, th was an hon. gentleman close behind him (Sir Richard Uartw right), who made remarks with reference to surpi once, but many times in this H me road one. In 1882 he declared, when Mr. Tilley announced a surplus of $4,000,-
you to make a large capital expend itW an* yet not Increase the debt largely; but tèe plain truth is told by the total expenditure, and it is this plain truth that this House requires and that the country needs. The House will notice that the average total expenditure of the Into Liberal Conservative Government from 1892 to 1896 was lew by about $400,000 per year than from 1887 to 1891. In 1896 it was $41,* 702.383.
Now, Sir, when yon leave tbs ysar 1890 what do you And? You find that In 1897, the average total expenditure rises to $42,072,755.	. _
The Minister of Trade said Commerce (Sir Richard Cartwright). I do not want to interrupt the hon, gentleman, hut would he state again what ho makes the total expenditure for 1890 ?
Mr. Foster- The total expenditure for 1806 is $41,702,383, and to assist my hon. friend (Sir Richard Cartwright), I will tell him whist the Finance Minister (Mr. Fielding) lui» had to tell me in this House for three several times, but only upon my jog ging his memory, namely, that in a bookkeeping way he charged up to the Government expenditure in 1896 $2,394,000 for the North Shore Quebec Railway subsidy,which va» a liability incurred in 1882, and not in And though he included it in rail way subsidies actually paid in 1896, I challenge the Finance Minister to rise in his place now, and tell this House that ho has paid off that liability. He charged the total sum in the railway euluridies of 1890 to the late Government, and to this day he is simply paying the interest, as was the condition or the grant made in 1882.
hy I wish to assist my hon. Kichard Cartwright), lest he fall
/
ture.
expenditure on consolidated account in t' different department* of Government. What was the great charge hurled agnin*t us by hon. gentlemen opposite? That we were extravagant in every department of governmentj that every department might well have its expenditure reduced, lake 1895 fl, which was the last fiscal year of the late Government, and compare it with 18039, under hon. gentlemen opposite;
I
a
o n ce?
ages i i M—ifMfap wmm p
ment, arid set down by the department, and thin is simply a copy of those figures which I have put upon this paper from which I am reading.
Mr. MONTA OUR—And under the operation of the preference.
FACTS AS TO THE PREFERENCE. Mr. FOSTER Y< , under the operation of the preference
The Laurier Administration Does
Not Deserve to Get Any
Credit For It.
EXPENDITURES ON CONSOLIDATED FUND ACCOUNT
Percent, of 1898-99. Increases. Increase.
110,866,000 616.000 26S.U00
1.411.000
149.000
266.000 EC,000
960.000
646.000 684.066
2,112,291
318.000
330.000
417.000
96.000
1.902.000
884.000
826.000
1.037.000
4.246.000
88.000
1896 96
$10,602,000
768.000
210.000
1.306.000
184.000
120.000 06,000
880.000
466.000 634,916
1.136.000
172.000
181.000 8N5.QOO
Interest on debt...............
Administration of Justice .....
Art», Agriculture and Statistics
Civil government...............
Geological survey...............
Immigration ..................
Quarantine.....................
Indians ......................
Light house and coast service ..
Mull subsidies ................
Militia and defence.............
Miscellaneous .................
Ocean and river service .......
Penitentiaries ................
Pensions......................
Public works...................
Hallways and Canals (Revenue)
Superannuation......
Customs.............
Hallways and canals Trade and commerce
Total
I Mi pc 7Vi p o
$353,000
67.000 4\<K)U	21 ¦ p.O
15.000
16.000
135.000	llo p.c
41.000	42	p.c
106.000	13	p.c
79.000	16	p.C
60.000 i	p.c
148.000	84	p.C
149.000	80	p.c
10.000	p r
603.000	60	p.c
268.000	200 p.c
14.000
141.000	16
420,900	11
79.000	8v0
V--*T_"'' ' ' are f ho
facts disclosed as to this preference? Hero you have an important policy founded upon a preference. A preference of what? A preference of 25 per cent, of the duty, and ft goes into force 1212 per cent, finit and then another 12 1-2, malting it 25. and for eleven months of this year 1809, the 25 per cent, reduction has been in force. If you take 30.20, which was the tariff on dutiable goods in 1800. their full reduction of 25 per cent, would he 7.65, but instead of that they arc reduced onlv 3.58 i>er cent. But I will deal more with that question later. My hon. friend (Mr. Fielding) undertook to go over a large number of what be called indications of prosperity in this country. I agree with him that in the main these arm evidences of prosperity. First, the growth of trade; second, the deposit* in the public banks and the savings; third, the clearing-house returns, which register the transactions of trade to a large extent. Then there is the immigration into the country . ,	. „	.	, and the various other points which he men-
period of five y>«". the average rate ol ti(mc(J. But, air, when the hon. gentleman
?“»«" W“ I7-4Lper cent; fr°.m \ (Mr. Fielding) wae eprakmg I thought I to 181t9, throe year», the averoge rato »	had heard an argument advanced per con-
17.17 per cent	So that	if you take	three	{n nn thnt verv W nnd in looking It up
year, of the hon. gentleman a adm.metra^ ,	that the Minmter of Trade and
P £	ê:	“!	srssups as ssarti:
Now their	aii^wxr	to that	"ill	j gfne in as careful a manner as 1 could
that from the average rate from 1892 to 1896 Bank deposits! feir, evidences of debt it gives a reduction of 65-100 of one per	are not evidences of
cent, of the average tariff rate. But they	lags hjuik deposits! ¦
will may: Our full preference was not in	money ? l ou have not got it
force in these two years. Then we will take	run were made on your bank to-day.
the year 1899, when, by their own calcula-	you would have to go to England and
tion. their rate was 16.70; this is a reduction	borrow it. \ mi owe it; it is interred
of 77-100 of one per cent, compared with	in public works and railway subsidies,
the average tariff rate from 1892 to 1896.	to keep some one behind the Minister
Now, these are statements which are made	in good humour
from their own figure», which are open to The further extract is blurred h the House and which can be canvunsed by Mr. MONTAGUE—He got the country and pondered upon. The (ol- Mr. FOSTER—Well, I will stop at "good lowing table shows the rate	of	duty from	humour." It is a very appropriate place te
1889	to 1899 inclusive:	stop and the argument of the hon. gentle-
Rate of Duty on Imports	for	Home Con- man (Sir Richard ( artwright) is brought
sumption. Dutiable and	Free.	out. I did not entirely agree with my hon.
Under Llberal-Conserv. Under Liberals, friend (Sir Richard ( artwright) when he
21.65 p.c. 1897	..... 17.87	p.o.	criticised these indications, but, anyway,
1890	- -	^.21 p.c. 1898	 16.95	p.o.	there is what he said. Ihe Minister of Fi-	1899	M	M.M	16,70	p,c#	nance and the Minister of Trade and Com-
**i7 ou tfv*	merce are now sitting together, and I dare
V. 7. 17.13 p.a	«ay that on Friday night the Minister of
.. .. 16.99 p.o.	Trade and Commerce (Sir Richard Cart.. ..18.28 p.o.	wright) quietly took the Minister of Finance
Average 1892-96, 17.47 p.o.	(Mr. Ficdding) by the lapel of the coat and
Average 1897-99, 17.17 p.o.
Reduction. 30-100 of 1 p.o.
1% p.c
12 p.C
»e
•J p.c
8% P C
1890
86,
•10
All the World Is Prosperous Now, and Canada Shares in the General Activity Because the Conservative Policy
Was Maintained—Mr. Foster's Criticism of
fir. Fielding’s Budget Speech.
1,298,000 126,000 811,000 too, 000
4% P C
PC
Mf
8,828
on
ere
p.c

9.000
PC
.136,000,000
141.900,000	$5,000,000	14 p.o
• M
Inset,
##
K$
r>UHO
That is w friend (Sir Into a trap.
Now. Sir, when yon eotne to the summation of that matter lot tt for ever silence gentlemen who state that tlie Liberal-Con-•ervativs Government for the last ten or fifteen years of its existence was an extravagant Government as measured by great increases in public expenditure. Wnri that summation! It is that the Liberai-Conservative Government spent in totality $388,237 per year less from 1893 to 189(1, than from 1887 to 1891, and that, the present Government has exceeded the Li lierai-Conservative avenge expenditure from 1892 to 1896 as follows!
ASTONISHING FIGURES.
Now, lest I ovorwhedin the Minister of Trade and Commerce (Sir Richard Cartwright )with these astonishing figures respecting bis own department, I will say, that, at long last, he has plucked up courage to pay the silver-lead smelting bounties in British Columbia, for which legislation was prepared and passed by the Conservative Government before they went out of office, and that a large part of the expenditure in him department is due to the paying of these long deferred bounties. In the whole of the pages of comparison in the pub. lie accounts of this year, there are only four or five departments or sub-departments ot government in which there has not been an increase.
Now let me say eometlmig with reference to the taxation of this country. The opinion has prevailed, made to prevail, by these hon. gentlemen very largely, that the taxation taken from the country by the Liberal-Conservatives warn exceedingly high. Ibis was urged as a strong reason tor the defeat of the late Government. The pledges of those who are now in power led the whole country to believe that the load of taxation would be relieved if they were returned to power. It will be interesting to read tliwe figures, taken from the hon. gentleman's own returns. In 1889-90, we hod the period of highest taxation in this country, and I begin with that year.
AVERAGE RATE OF CUSTOMS
TARIFF.
Mr. Foeter—I will carry on the oompr n a little farther. From 1802 to 1896
m
I Mk how It WM tot. $1,100,000 was derived from two or the moat odious and oppressive taxes which were never Imposed in any civilized country before under similar circumstances at leaab--the taxes on breadstuff» and fuel. If he real I v wants to relieve the people, let him remove the taxes on breadstuff# and coal.
If mv hon. friend boasts of a surplus today, there is an hon. gentleman sitting close beside him who will tell him that he need not look around very long for a method of remitting that to the people, and thus ridding the people of what, this prominent member of the Government declared over and over again, an odious tax which should not be allowed in any lized country—the tax on breadstuff: con 1.
an
and extravagance that we should find
it necessary to augment our number to seventeen. This is far too many, and is a dissatisfaction to the country.
And, if I may be permitted to join the less to the greater, 1 would may. that, in 1894 the present hon. member for North Wellington (Mr. McMullen), said:
I must take exception, in the fir# place, to the office ever having been created.
What office ? The Ministership of Trade and Commerce.
I do not see why it was treated, unless it was to give a resting place, for the balance of his life, to the non. gentleman who now occupies the position, drawing $7,000 a year for virtually doing nothing.
I suppose the hon. gentleman now is willing that this office shall be retained in order to give a resting place for the "onlooker” of tne present Cabinet, who has passed his period of active service. What are these that I have been reading ? These statement that I have been reading represent the solemn pledges of grown men, who have lived in this country and engaged in its politics for thirty, twenty-five and eighteen years. These are the utterances of men, who stood before the people, with their hands on their hearts, and declared that they were honest and truth-tolling; these are the utterances of men, all anxious to climb into power, taking hold of these pledgee as of the rungs of a ladder, by which they have gained power, but which, after they have gained power, they have kicked over, and broken entirely the pledges which they made. Hon. gentlemen smile as I recount these things. Why ? Because they believe there is no longer necessity for truth and honour in the public men of this country, because they believe that the electorate is as debauched, as utterly to be contemned, as utterly to be spised as are their promises I ¦ solemnly made and so often repeated before the people ? Is there any reason why these gentlemen should not cover their faces with their hands whenever they meet an honest man in this country ? Do they believe that, by means of the machine which they control, of the creatures that they take into their confidence, and send off to do their electioneering work, they are going to pass scot-free for this violation of what, in England, would consign any public man to political oblivion as surely as ho has engaged in publie life in that country ?
TAKING MONEY FROM THE PEOPLE.
Now, these hon. gentlemen came in, and what have they done since* they came in ? What have they done with the expenditure of this country ? The hon. Minister of Finance (Mr. Fielding), said, in a light amt airy way:	We had last year more money,
we had a revenue $6,186,000 greater than we had the year before. (Great applause from the back benches Î) Let me translate that into plain English,such as the hon. Minister of Trade and Commerce would have used in 1896. What does it mean ? That you are taking out of the pockets of the people, the wage earners, the labouring classes, the farmers of this country, $1.16 per head more than the previous year for every man, woman and child in Canada. He made the statement that they had taken five millions and odd more in customs and excise than they took last year. Again applause from the back benches. Translate it, and what does it mean ? That from these people, who, in the language of mv hon. friend opposite, were "bled white,” the farmer#, the people whose backs were bowed beneath the burdens of extravagant government, you are taking $1 per head over and above what you took the year before in taxes alone. Then, Sir, he boasted that he had a surplus of $4,837,000. It was again greeted with applause. The translation of this into language of old times would have been: "A surplus. Sir ! You have no business with a surplus; when you take sufficient out of the pockets of the people of this country to care for the ordinary consolidated fund expenditure and services, you have no business to take more. You should have let that remain in the pocket# of the people, who could use it a great deal better than you could use it here.” My hon. friend was very solicitous lest we should confuse the expenditures upon consolidated fund and capital. He said that somegentle-men were apt to confuse them. Who are the gentlemen ? They are apt to be con-fueefl, when we find the hon. Minister of Railways and Canals (Mr Blair) spreading upon toe estimates and vofmc through tips House, on the lines of capital expenditure, hundreds of thousands of dollars, which, in preceding Governments, were always met out of consolidated fund and flhtifW tOj consolidated fund alone things, such a# this, Sir, which make it impossible for people to rightly appreciate the expenditures of the country, unless you take the total expenditures, because, the line of distinction between capital and revenue expenditures has been obliterated, blotted out, a course approved by hon. gentlemen opposite, and which has been most determinedly opposed by this side of the House in the interest of a party of action, and consequently of fair companion a# well as in the interests of good administration itself. Let us take both.
TWO GOVERNMENTS COMPARED.
It has been stated over and over again, bv hon. gentlemen opposite, that when the late Government were in power, thev were a very extravagant Government. I wish to put a table before the House, and I will read the figure# con tained in it. It gives the expendi hires on consolidated revenue account and also the total expenditures in parallel columns, consequently, I offend in neither respect, and I do not confuse the two.
EXPENDITURE.
Consolidated Total Fund Expenditure.
36,814,052	40,853,727
37,585,025	43,800,233
38,132,005	42,872,338
37,240,223	42,141,763
36,949,142	41,702,383
38,349,759	42,972,735
38,832,532	45,334,281
41,903,502	51,542,635
Now, Sir, one word as to total expenditure, for after all that is really what we spend. That is what we get either from the country , or by borrowing, and that it w which men*-uree the extravagance or the economy of a J Government. It it all very well to manipulate surpluses and capital expenditure so as |
would be the sources of
M* in vvmmvM,, *__ _ , what _
gRBW
ly recounted, gathered from the statistics t>f the Government, of the banks, and ut i of the business interests of the coun-very much disjointed, and, 1 may venture to sav, somewhat tortured for the purpose of upholding the interests of a Government whose inconsistencies are quite as glaring as were the weaknesses of my friend's speech regarded as a budget Speech and an exjtosition of the a1 and fiscal affairs of the country, tx-ewity, of course, impelled my hon. friend, and lie listened to its voice. Any clerk in a very short time, could have coni tilled the figures that he used; but any clerk should be drummed summarily out of the service, who would make as disin-enuous a use of those statistics as, 1 am ound to say, my hon. friend made. I _ope my words at the commencement will not be tpo strong for the proof which 1 ¦hall try to adduce as I proceed. If anv one had been in the gallery, unacquainted with the affairs and history of Canada,
¦specially in a fiscal and financial sense, I Venture to sav that, if he took his information simplv from the figures which were quoted and the peculiar logic used on Friday afternoon.he would go away with a very insufficient, and very erroneous idea of the history of Canada in these respects.
He would have looked entirely in vain for »n analysis of the expenditures of last year, as to how they were applied and a< to the quickening and vitalizing effects of the application of such an immense sum of money es was expended by hon. gentlemen opposite during that year; he would look in Vain for any inquiry into, and any companion of the courses and currents of the trade of this country, or for any discussion ot the tariff as affecting the great problems of labour and industry in Canada, some of which are very close now to a public deend public action in this country; kl have risen from hi# seat
In the House of Commons on March 27 Hon. George
t IM
•I-
| 830.992 3,192,518 9,400,872
In 1897 by In 1898 bv In 1899 by
prosperity. Fav-Where is the
civi
4 Mi?
« and
If a
And, a/i estimated by the Finance Minister for this current year of 1900, they will oyer-ex pend the average expenditure of the late Government from 1892 to 1890, by the sum of $10,908,255.
Now, Sir, Î invite any gentleman on the other eide of the House to take the public account* which he can have put in hi a hand and to deny one single statement that 1 have made with reference to a comparison of this expenditure as between the two Governments.
Let us now take the total expenditure per head of the population. I am not going into any fanciful enumeration of the population of this country, because I am not aide to do so anv more than is the Minister of Trade and Commerce, although in his speech in Maisey Hall he undertook himself to make up the population of this country and draw his deductions from the figures he made, and he got himself into an absurd tangle in his attempt to do it. I am taking what the public records give us as to the population of this country, as we have to do between the years when the census
Well, Sir, how does it stand?
Mr. COCHRANE. Who said that?
Mr. FOSTER.—That was stated by Sir Richard Cartwright. Rut we have another authority on this question, also a member of this Government, by name D. Mills, and the lion. David Mills said:
He boasts of » surplus. I say that a government ift not entitled to have a surplus. There is no stimulus to economy when a large surplus remains in the hands of the government. A large surplus invites to extravagance, and has invited to extravagance in this country. The Government and Parliament of this country should inaugurate a system of economy.
That ie a statement made in 1893 by a
gentleman who is to-day a colleague oi the Minister of Finance, and when the Minister of Finance comes down and boasts of one surplus of $4.700,000 and a coming one of $7,500,000 I refer him to his colleagues
BURPLU6E8 AND DEFICITS.
expenditures of the country ¦ gentleman was totally oblivious of his near neighbour, the Minister of Trade and Commerce (Sir Richard Cartwright), who sat very close behind him, though immediate proximity seemed during those particular hours to have been shunned. He took no notice at all of the way in which he must have been harrowing
•orao
try
a
mi
notice at aJl ot the way in wmen ne must have been harrowing the feelings of my hon. friend the Minister of Trade and Commerce, whilst he wes rolling forth from his tongue the immense expenditure of the last year and of the present and current year bv the gentlemen who, in 1893 and 1899, made it the particular plank in their platform that the expenditures of the country were outrageously high, and that the _ (lierai-Conservative Government should be put out of power because” they would not reduce them. But, Sir, in contrast, I wish to bring the attention of this House and of hon. gentlemen opposite to the position they took before 1896, and to the strange commentary upon what they call their principles and their policy in the years preceding, 1896, made by their acts since 1896. In 1893, these gentlemen commenced, in their convention, with declaring:
&
inn
VOLUME OF TAXATION AND REV
ENUE.
1889
Total
Revenue.
$39,879,925
38,579,310
36,921,871
38,108,608
80,374,693
33,978,129
36,618,590
37,829,778
40,555,238
40.741,219
1891
Taxes. .$31,587,071 ... 80,314,151 .. 28,440,157 ... 29,321,307 27,579,203 25,440,198
...... 27,759,285
28,648,620 29,576,455 34,958,069
i8î*a .. ..
1893
1
1889-90
f890-1
1891-	2
1892-	3 ..
1893-	4 ..
1894 5 ..
1895-	6 |
1896-	7
1897-	8
1808-9 ..
Wo see. therefore, by these ^rea. that 1894-6. when the taxation was $25,446,198, and the total revenue $33,978,129. was the riod of lowest taxation, and we know that from 1890 to 1894, including these years, three successive reductions nad been made in the tariff of the country. Now, eir. what follows? That, whereas in 1889-90, $31,500 000 were taken from the country in taxa tion. in 1894-5 that had been reduced to $‘25,500,000, or in round numbers, $6.000,000, largely by the tariff revises which had taken place under the Conservative Government. These figures, I think, are a striking commentary upon two things: First, the alleged extravagance and th$ high taxation under the Liberal-Conservative Government, and the beautiful way, the unique way, In which these economists have carried out their pledges and reduced the taxation by increasing it to $7,190,060 from 1806 to
Well, eir, there is another way of maldM comparisons, which is the taxation per head, and that will be shown by the following tablai
1894 _
1896
l
1896
# #
W »
said
$ *##
See here, Fielding, you make a great mis-But there is a peculiar circumstance that I take in that. Do you know that evidences I would like to call to the attention of the of debt arm not evidence* of prosperity? hon Minister of Customs, who deals honest- Why, you have not got that money; it is # ly with figures and wishes to do what is | interred in railway subsidies and
works to keep some troublesome behind you in proper subordination; ' do you not know that it you were called on for I will ask him if, in 1896, 23,000,000 bushels I the money in the savings banks you have of Indian com had been imported into the not got it in your treasury and that yro country, how would it have been entered would have to borrow it. in the Trade and Navigation returns of that And so I think that a modifying year? He knows that that 23,000,000 hush- may have been used in that way by els would not have been taken for consump* league of the Finance Minister. However, tion in this country, and that a very email maybe the sweets of office have modified proportion, comparatively, is taken, even the asperities of his former criticism ; may-now for home consumption, of the com be that the delights of sitting back as an that comes in from the United States. It on-looker and alternately laughing, and impasses through the country intransit, and is demcath hi* beard sometimes, I fear, swear-ex pffrted from this country as foreign pro- ing at the vagaries of his colleagues; per duce. I ask the hon. Minister of Customs, haps these have so softened his former opin-if, under these conditions, in 1890, there ions or obliterated them, that he has not had been 23,000.000 bushels of American com used the keen edge of criticism on his brought into this country, in what column honourable colleague the Finance Min-
would it have been entered—for home con- | later.	_ _
sumption or under general imports? The	AN ARBITRARY PIVIflTOïT.
hon. gentleman know» that not a bushel ol Well, eir. I hare nothing to quarrel with it would have been entered tor home con* jn these indication* of prosperity, but I sumption eicept that small quantity which have some remarks to make as to the man-was actual y intended for home consump- Mr in which they were collated and placed tion, and that the rest of it would not have before the House. Does the Minister of gone into the home consumption totals tor prance (Mr. Fielding) tell me that he is the calculation of the revenue rates, and it jiving any fair comparative or other state-would have gone out as fore,an product ei- rn„nt of the trade of Canada by dividing it ported. Now, the tiling ia changed, Com arbitrarily into three unequal periods—the is free, and I ask tJie hon Minister of Lus- firat period from 1868 to 1878 (ten years) ; toms to take his Trade and Navigation lie- tlle second period from 1878 to 1896 (eigh-turns, to turn up the book and find how teen years) ; and the third period from 1898 much corn, from the United States was en- to 1899 (three years). On what basis has ***** ye column of total imports, and he made the collocation of these figures not included in the home consumption col- „n what basis has he made this aggregation! umn upon which the scale and rate of duty Doe, not my hon. friend know that when la to be calcuiated How much will he find! b„ ^tes that in 1868 the trade was $13V
bushels of American corn were brought into si ,, caricatured the state of trade this country, placed in the columns of his { £	186S to 1879, because if
¦
mtleman woe calculating the rate*	NO PANIC IN CANADA.
rCi"	Kh^tyje, thst^n
# e
e #
The hon. gentleman wanted to ehow that the era of deficits had panned, and that an era of surpluses had succeeded. >> ell, what years do you suppose he chôme in order to make a fair comparison between the two administrations in the matter of surpluses and deficits, and how do you suppose he treated the question, even otter selecting his ground? lie took tho yearn of Connervativo administration of 1893, 1894 and 1895, and he naid that in tho je three years there was a deficit of $5,fi94,<o9. JIa then took the three succeeding years of the present Government, and he added up tho surpluses and deducted the small deficit, and made a net surplus of $4,800,000 and then adding this surplus to the former deficit, he exclaimed:	Behold a betterment
of $11,000,000 Does my hon. friend think it fair to «elect a period of depression, such am existed in this country from 1893 to 1895, and to compare that with & period of the greatest expansion, as he himself navn, ever known in Canada ? Wh v did mv hon. friend not go back to 1891 Ho wonul have found that in 1891 we had a surplus and also in 1892, and he would have found
i. He would have

is taken
The following table will show it at a glance:
*#
bile
follower
right
Ex pen per head
We cannot but view with alarm the large increase of the public debt and of the controllable annual expenditure of the Dominion, and the consequent undue taxation of the people under the Governments that have_ oeen continuously in power since 1878; and we demand strict economy .in the administration of the Government of the coun*
CORN NOT FOR HOME CONSUMPTION
Tear. Population. Total Expen
41.701883 42.972.766 46.394.281 61,642.635
$8.41
1892-6-6.011.000
1896	-6.126,436
1897	-6.186,990
1898	-6.248.316
1899	-6.812.600
do-
8.14
8.28
no
8.63
9-72
influence
the col-
•;i
Here we have a per capita expenditure in 1896 of $8.14 and in 1899 of $9.72 cording to the figures given by the Minister of Customs and by the Dominion Statistician, an increase of $1.58 for every man, woman and child in the Dominion.
Sir, let me make another comparison. In 1893 it woe that my right honorable friend (Sir Wilfrid Laurier) denounced the Liberal-Conservative Government for its extravagance, and declared that he would bring the expenditure of this country to two million* or three millions lew than it wn*. Now, Mr. Speaker, what are the comparison*?
BC-
try
That warn the pronouncement of the Liberal convention of 1893. Mr. Davies, now Sir Louis Davies, the present Minister of Marine and Fisheries, declared :
The Liberal party mays that several millions may be lopped off the present expenditure, without injury to the public service.
The Hon. David Mills, now Minister of Justice in this Government, estimated that “The probable saving would be four millions of dollars."
Mr John Charlton, at that time and still a member of this Ilouae, declared in this
House:
eisiongeiH
and he wou without having had one single proposition «laced before him by my hon. friend for the solution of the great and vexed questions which are pressing for solution upon her public men. As 1 said before, it would rather seem to be a simple collation of statistics, the disjecta membra of which, if I may be allowed the use of a Latin term, ¦ coined to have been promiscuously thrown wherever it was thought an appeal might be made, ad captandum, to people who have tiot had the opportunities of looking into, and so have not the power of discerning what are really the facts of the case as bearing on the questions under discussion. All through the hon. gentleman's speech there teemed to be a leading up to the reiteration of the almost endless refrain: #Behold what a people we are- "Is not this great Babylon that I have built?" And, no matter from what quarter the facts are taken, whether from the first years of Confederation, fragments were extracted, or whether joined to them were fragments from later years—no matter, everything was done, anything was done, which could be used to prop up the idea often made in so many words, but more frequently by inference end appeal, that all the wonderful progress of to-day had its origin and is now maintained by the gentlemen who, for the present, are governing affairs in this country. There was a great glorification of what was railed generous expenditure, and of in-ere&sed-re venue; but there was a very discreet avoidance of the obstructive contrast between the profession# and policy of these gentlemen, when they were out, and the performance of these gentlemen now that
they are in.
INFORMATION LACKING.
My hon. friend was so hurried, along this particular line, that he had not the time ¦to give the House some very necessary information which I think he should have a- van. For instance, he quoted immigra-re turns, beginning his statistics, so #u aa immigration from the United States L concerned, with the year 1897, and prefacing hie figure# with the remark, that there did not seem to be any statistics with reference to them up to that period; and then after quoting them all, aa a strong Argument in favour of the propositions which he was sustaining, it was found that he had not gone to the trouble of ascertaining on what these statistics were based-whether they were simply the numbers returned by the immigration agents, whether Ahey were the numbers taken down by the «ustom» officer, a, the people came ecros, the border, or whether they were perron,
I
out some other things^*, found that in 1891, when we had a buoyant revenue and a surplus of $155,971, with another surplus in eight for the next year, I, as Finance Minister of the Government of that day, came down to this House and wiped out entirely the duties on raw sugar, which were very high. If he had looked at the calculations he would have found the following result, and I give him this table for comparison:
Sugar tax remission.
1891-4 227.474
1S92— 6.200.000
1893—	4,000
1894—	4.821,000 1695— 6.603,521
116,851.996
Total remission of taxation .*
Net deficit........................
Net gain to country...............
Total
Expenditure $40.853,727 61,542,035
Consolidated Fund Expenditure. $30,814.052 41.903.fxi0
1893
Taxation Far Head.
1899
The Liberal party, if in power, could at once reduce the public expenditure and effect other savings to the extent of five million dollars per annum, without impairing the efficiency of tlie vice.
Customs.
Customs, & Excise.
$5.01	$6.60
$10,089,108
$5,089,449
Increase
1890
see
6.55
8.96
1862-90
And yet the.** hon. gentlemen claim that they have fulfilled their pledges, driven out a Government which was ho ex-travcLgant, these gentlemen have marked, and marked in ft significant manner their appreciation of economy by spending $10,089,000 more in the last year than was spent in 1893. Well, Sir, that is not the best of it or the wor-tt of it given by the Finance Minister for the current year are aa follows: That the expend!» turc on consolidated fund will tie $43,175,000, and on capital, $9,875,000, a total expenditure of $53,050,000, as compared with a total expenditure in 1896 of $41.702.383. In the current year, the revenue is to go up to $51,000.000, an excess of $4,400,000 oyer last and the expenditure is to increase that of the present year by $1,600,000.
THE INCREASE OF THE DEBT.
Now, Sir, having made this comparison, I wish to come back to the statement which was made by the Minister of Finance. He desired to show as regards the increase of the debt, that tne present Government m a much better position than the late Government; and how did he attempt to show that? Wfiy, Sir, he took the years from 1878 to 1896, and said that in those eighteen years the debt was increased by $118,000.000, an average of $6,563.000 per year, whereas from 1896 to 1899, three years* there was an increase in the debt of $7,700,000, or an average increase of $2,503,000 per year; and then he imagined that he had satisfied this House, and this country, that ho had proved the matter up to the hilt. Was there ever a more unfair statement made? Was tliere ever a more flagrant outrage committed upon all reasonable rule# of comparison? The hon. gentleman takes the period from 1878 to 1896, and he comparée the increase of capital expenditure m those years with the increase in the three yearn just past, when Canada had almost completed her house and installed her main furnishings, and now had but to provide the lesser requirements in tho various départi ments of the public service. Let me read to my hon. friend some figures, and then see if he does not himself feel ashamed of having attempted to palm off so unfair a statement upon the country. From 1878 to 1896 we were building the Canadian Pacific Railway, and we spent $65,000,000 of capital on that road; hi the three years past these gentlemen have spent just $23,000 on the Canadian Pacific Railway. From 1878 to 1696 we spent on canals, $36,000,000; in the last three years these gentlemen have spent
1878 to 1896 we set aside
3.52
6.02
1895
ser-
Having
6.42
8.94
1896
M •
6.63
3.83
1897
And Mr. Wilfrid Laurier, now the leader of this Government, declared in Toronto:
wer we will follow Mackenzie; and I
6.63
4.22
1898
6.58
4.84
Deficit.
Induction Wto IBM Increase^ 1890 to 1899 .
Burplua. $ 166,977 1,864.666
1.49
1.68
Nil
If we get into po the example of Mr.
that, although we may not be able to bring the expenditures to what they were under him, we can reduce the amount two, yes, three millions of dollars per year.
The present Minister of Trade and Commerce, who, for nearly twenty years went bellowing through this country against the great expenditures of the Government, declared from his place in this House:
1.16
90
$1,210.882
4,163.875
830,551
QH.
say
That is to say, the reduction per head from 1890 to 1895, under a Conservative administration, was $1.49 in customs, and $158 in customs and excise both. From 1896 to 1899, the increase in customs alone is 90 cents per head, and in customs- and excise together, $1.16. And this past year is but a promise of what the present current year and the succeeding year are to be In the way of still greater increases.
COMPARISON OF TARIFF RATES.
for the estimates
»*
$6,094.759
$19.851.996
4,184.227
$1,610,632
$15,667,763
Those are facts which were known to my hon. friend and which he might have taken into account in making his comparison which, unfortunately for him, would h entirely destroyed it. That no doubt was the reason why he ignored them. Here Is another tabla.
but
For my own part, I do not hesitate to tell him that I consider a yearly expenditure of forty million dollars, or thirty-eight million dollars, altogether too large for the present resources of Canada. I sav that it is ft disgrace and a shame to the Government that have been entrusted with our affairs that they
year
over
ave
Now, sir, I want to say a word on the tariff rates so ms to make a comparison which will bring out as dearly as we possibly can what is the difference between $80,700,000 $98,10*000 $11,400.000 these hon. gentlemen under what they call
their low revenue tariff, or moderate tariff. 86,200,000 If,006*000	6,800.000 ancj *he Liberal-Coneervative Government
.	miw it titMAiwi under what the hon. gentlemen opposite de-
Total excess 8 years (Liberal). .$18,zoo,ooo nominate as the extravagantly high national
Expenditures	policy duties. Now, I am not going to make
SîxtSP-0*	these calculations myself. There is one
fund . . . -HU600,000 im.100.8W I 0.0W.M0 thing thit imember of •nOppo^tioneân On Cap*	eoraetimee get out of the uoxernipanit, that
Account . . 10,000.000	20,100*000	6*700,000	i», information, and when these hon. gen-
«	... .	tlemen do get their blue-books down—which
Total excess expen. 6 years (Lib*).$12,200,000 the Minister of Trade and Commerce has
Making the comparison in this not done yet, and the lack of which I felt way, comparing the actually col- jn my preparation for my reply tx> the hon. lected revenue in both cases, they cob gentleman who spoke on Friday—I say that lected $18,200,000 more from the people in when we do get the figures made up by the three years of their administration than themselves, I propose to take them as long we did in the three years of our ad minis- M % think they fairly conserve the facte, tration which the hon. gentleman selected, an(j 9T9 based upon imnartial lines, bo, 1 this would have entirely wiped out	from the trade and navigation figures,
his so-called betterment of $11.000,000. and ^h0 duties on dutiable and free imports in-$7.000,000 to the good besides, and not to CCH1I1try for home consumption and content with collecting $18.200,000 more, pr6sent it as follows. The highest year of they made »? extra expenditure in these tariff rate was in 1890. when it was 21.65 per
three years of $12,200X100.	_ cent. * The House will see that from 1889 to
Surpluses, says my hon. friend. Does he ]895 the ^oentage rate of taxation fell
#### ###
wmm mmm
But. what burden of the people, to say, the reduction in the rate of taxation
1694 to *96.
Anv one
Taxes
collected
Other
revenue.
was
come down to us and ask for an expenditure of $38,300,000 a year for federal purposes. Sir, the thing is utterly unjustifiable.
The present economical Minister, the Postmaster-General (Mr. Mulock), who, when he was trving to get into office, objected to such things as the Governor General's salary, shouted himself hoarse over seventeen or even fourteen Cabinet Ministers in a country like Canada, swallowing up the money of the country in an attempt to gov-tine people, in 1895 declared, with hie hand on hie heart:
Who can justify the expenditure of our country to-day ? It cannot be justified by the wealth of the There is nothing to warrant thi* •norm-ourt expenditure of nearly $38,000,00-1 except the fact that we are burdened down with debt and with office-holders, great and small.
And Mr. Paterson, now a member of this Government, in 1890, declared :
In 1889 we were taking $6,115,000 more in taxes out of the people than we should.and we spent $7,571,000 more than we should. He declared that an era of economy in expenditure should be at once entered upon.
Mr. David Mills, at that time, but now the Minister of Justice, declared in 1893:
We say that the government of this country may be carried on for a very much smaller sum than that which is being taken out of the pockets of the people for that purpose.
We are asking for a reduction of taxation; we are asking for economy in the management of public affaira.
Mr. Charlton, at that time, and still, a member of this House, declared that the people were becoming disgusted.
They see the taxation from customs is increasing, they see the public deb*
they see the inordinate in
soma-
tion
em
It is

country
and
do the
hon
left
555«KWÏSft
one per cent. I may be mistaken in this	Mr. wens.
.	point; I am anxious that I may be set right	« follows:
|	Si am mistaken, but, if I am right in my	^	-*	"—J-------*-*
calculations I think it is the dutv of the Minister of Customs, the hon.
Minister of Finance, and of the hon.
oeoule	But what	burden	of	the people,	to say, tne reduction in me rave 01	Minister qf Trade and Commerce, to set
has this	gentleman	relieved?	I	fail to see.	from 1889 to 1895 was 4.6(5	per cent; and the	this matter right at once, for Sir if you
Sir he	has added taxation.	He has added	actual volume of taxation	taken off on that	cannot take our blue-books, solemnly given
1	....	------- xt-----..v. ion»	tQ the- people as a record of facte, as in
every respect true to fact, and make your calculations upon the basis of the circumstances which actually exist, then, Sir, you must surely implant the canker and virus of that suspicion and want of confidence
Mr. Welle, who in the Forum of 1894 wrote
In the Dominion of Canada, separated from us on the north by an imaginary line, there has been no panic, no unusual demand for money, no stoppage of in dust ries, no restriction of trade, ereased rate of interest; in short, eothing beyond the ordinary course of events, except »o far aa these events may have been influenced bv contiguity to what may be termed a financial cyclone whose pathway of destruction was contigu-to, but not within Canadian terri-
tke rate of taxation under the Liberal

hon
as debts to the provinces, $10,300,000; while these hon. gentlemen have made an appropriation of only $260,000 We spent on	_
IlilS fiBlSl ttltill
Shore Railway we assumed $2,394,000; they (juty there wafl euch legislation in the l ni- more than actually warn taken. That is to nothing. On territorial expenses we ex- ted States of America in respect of the | MV by their own showing they have saved, pended $900,000; they nothing. And yet the countervailing duties, that it more than in the volume of taxation. $2,400,000 by their Finance Minister of this country thinks it made up to the West India cane sugar pro- reductions, whilst the Liberal Conservatives is not beneath his dignity, and that it is ducers for the preference he gave them. mved $4,900,000 by their reductions. Does fair and reasonable, to make a comparison ÿet he added from $300,000 to $500,000 on ^ Hon. Mmister of Customs to dispute between these utterly dissimilar period*' *¦ sugar under that pretence, and even when thoM figures?	_ .	.
regards great expenditure. On the North- fie acknowledged that it was but a rrc- ^ g^wter of Customs (Mr. Paterson) \\ est Rebellion we paid $4,800,000 out of the tense, he had not the sense of fair play, __%o, but I would treat them somewhat
“u"w "" ... ^
iÊÊâSM ISiÜalSËKH"
rom
no in
now
ous
tory
¦
be true, what are they? I have here a list
piling up, „ crease in the expendi turn#
people are leaving the country in
and
our
»nd
disgust.
Mr. Mills again declared in 1889:
I have oo doubt at all that the effl tiency of the public service might be increased end the expenditure diminished by almost one-half.
THE MINISTER OF TRADE AND
COMMERCE.
. special point, the present hon. Min-f Trade and Commerce (Sir Richard
1892
1893
1894
# #
1895
1892-1896
1890
1897
1898
1899
On a ister o Cartwright) declared:
Now, I believe that the services of this Government will be infinitely better conducted if we had seven Cabinet Ministers and a moderate number of officials to assist them. It does to be a monstrous pi** of folly
junior
appear
ref
* < % » •
* >

###PAGE###4###
4
1 BILL OF EXPENSES,
returns to the men who brin* them forth and fashion them to the use of mankind, There in no other thin* which will compensate this country for the Iom of that inestimable privilege, for the obliteration o that line of policy which ought to he cl ar-ly defined and constantly followed; and, Sir, I may ns a member of the Liberal 4,on-servntivc party and an a lover of mV country in it* industrial and trade development, that I believe it is rpotentially nercssary that the principle of adequate protection for the industrie» of this country should be kept up here. Hut we are told : This preference to Ureal Britain is now an accomplished tact. When you get into power, what will you do with it? Will you repeal the preference to (treat Britain’ That is a question that will he asked; that is a question that must bo answered. Mv npswer to it is this—that certain ideas when once they are enacted, be come accomplished fasts, and though they were carried out again fit the will and against the wish of one party, and against what was considered by that partv to he a fair and judicious policy, yet, when onco they have been accomplished, it becomes a question whether, profitably to the interest of the country, and to what extent, these can be repudiated or antagonized. One thing, however, is sure—that when the Liberal Conservative party comes into power, whatever preference is given to the British manufacturer, that party will take care to see that home industries are tairly and adequately protected no matter what advantage is given to others.
With regard to the proposed reciprocity treaty with the West India Island of Inn* idad, Mr. Foster said that when the Conserva tivea were trying to arrange for reciprocity with the West Indies the Liberals argued that the United States was the only country worth having a reciprocity treaty with. lie quoted at length from speeches by Sir Richard Cartwright, Sir Louis Davies, and Mr. Fisher, to show how they had sneered at the idea of extending trade with the West Indies. Mr. Foster concluded with an bloquent peroration op the bright tuture of Canada
#e position taken hr the present Minister of Trade and Commerce (Sir Richard Cartwright)? Ife opposed the imposition of these duties, and moved a. resolution against them. I thought I Hind by me both the resolution and a short extract from ms speech. I should be sorry to deprive the House of the hon. gentleman's remarks altogether. and 1 must aik the hon. gentleman and the House to take mv recollection of them. The hon. gentleman warned the Government and the House that no more insane and utterly foolish promotion could be enacted into law than to attempt to nut a duty on pork and pork products in this country. And one reason why he made that statement was that it would irritate the United States producer of po#k. and would operate to bar us, and continue to bar iu» out of the market of the l nited States for these products. \\e}\, Sir, the policy was introduced. In 1HÔ1, there wo* an export of bacon to the extent of 8,000,000 pound*. In 1800. that had increased to 47.000.000 pounds, an increase of 500 per rent. The latest year. 1800. shows nn export of 111,800,000 pounds of bacon. What happened was this:	In the fir«t place compe-
tition from the United States producer ot pork arid meats was dull. Flic producer here got his home market to a large extent, and he built upon that basis, and it. was that which enabled him to reach out to the British market, until to-day, the meat producer here has practically hi# own market, and has also an opening into the markets of Great Britain. Now. if we take the exports of grain, you will tmd that in 1801, 2,000.000 bushels were exported; in 1800. 11,000.000 bushels were exported; in
rted; and umming it
TOTAL IMPORTA FOR HOME CON
SUMPTION
of prices runs through the three 1805. 1898 and 1809, and is as
The lid years of follow* :
Export Prices.
Cattle, 1 yr. and less .
Cattle, over 1 year .
Horses, 1 yr. or less Horses over one year Sheep, 1 yr. or less Sheen, over one year
Swine................
Dried apples.........
Green apple*.........
Coal.................
Hark extract ........
Codfish Codfish
Wheat flour.........
Flax ...............
Harley...............
Henna ...............
Oats .. .. ..........
Pens ................
llye.................
Wheat...............
Hay .................
Malt................
Maple sugar..........
Oatmeal, rbl.......
Refined coal oil .. .
Huron ..............
Href ................
Hotter ..............
Cheese .. ...........
Rgga................
Hums ................
Mutton ..............
Mont (canned) .. ...
Pork.................
Potatoes ...........
Straw ...............
Tow..................
Wool ...............
Tanbark ............
Deals (standard 100)
Firewood (cord) .. ..
Laths ..............
(pine) .......
I/>gs (spruce) .. ..
Staves ..............
Stave bolts.........
Sleepers ............
Shingles ..............1.90	1.78
Planks and boards(mf.)11.00 10.72
These, 1 may may, are all prices taken out of the tables of the Trade and Navigation Returns, and consequently are the figures upon which are based the values in our reports.
With reference to the prices of articles that the farmer has to buy. I have a very long list, but I have culled from it some few items which I will read. These arc the New York prices as given for the first week in January for each year, 1895, 1899, and 1900:
yet come to the point of completion, so that it is actually in greater use than it was in 1890 for the farmers and the iner
has
In 1896 and 1899 the exports of home
products were aa follows:
EXPORTS. HOME PRODUCTS.
mimiiÜLBioee k> favourable to trade and oom merœ. Put ia it not arrant fooliahnew, '* it not the very opposite of reason and common sense to declare that because these hon. gentlemen came into power at that particular time, therefore, all the splendid j^inat., ...
oi'tiier %	AttV,2 36,300,000	<B.700.<H»
the legislation of those hon , gentlemen ? Agrlrultnral pro^ ^ ^ !J WO OO# , mnno
No thoughttul man will be milled who is	.	. u,070,000 9,0oo,ivX) 1.170,000
used to accounts and to fit inn rial and trade F(,rrst„. 27,170.000	28.000,000	880,000
history; hut .put as the cnae was by my hon. Manufactures 0,300,000	11,700.000	2.34'MJOO
Cnot'nhfe *Ul .............,1^^^00.000 1=7.^
to look into the** matters and judge them x*vW R-r j put ^ ^o any reasonable man, fairly, but must take the stnf.-mont ncronb	th;.rp alv ,mmv 0f them in this House,
•« the credent* they give to the man ,	^ lhi, 0Qe qu„ti™, and I plead for a
who utti'rs it. As 1 sard. I do not tor a fej mnnlv a™wvr: Does any man in this single moment deny the merci* of train, |foUJH. or‘ tJai* emintrv, believe that if. in but I deny that it is bo grmt as hon. g-'iv ^	t',u> fortlinoR of the political field had
tlcmen have stated, and 1 think that one or ^in-nM a UbemlCVmae native Govern-
FsSH?^GJ$5i& ^Jrj««rasd	s?fsi
hr "*• ,n 5lnsst \	**''*•	\,	4,i t t | their products, one dollar more from hsh- trnct rvatjv to be signed which would have
gîcat flourish ot	ctwi a,i,) DOO nn.l , *ries — in which hon. gentlemen opposite , put into operation eu ocean fust service in
trade ot t anada in 189. wa $* •	•	hnd a decrease—one dollar less from the for- Mnv of Inst venr. Everybody knows what
over greater than it was in	i " <<Kta. one dollar Inn from the manufactures with the developments that have taken
end commerce nMmrte, when u*>	«•	- 1 of this country? This is a plain, common- pince since in tins eouniry and outside,
down, reduce that to $¦	1 sense way of putting it. If the Liberal-Con- «-hat an immense sweep of advantage a
the first moderate reduction. Hut t iers aervatives had come to power in 1896, fait line service, which would have gone other things to bo taken une account. nu	w|lRt |ttLrrjrr would thev	have raised in the	;	into operation lait May, would have had
is the real index ot flu- prosperity an	^ 0f the workers of	the mine, of the	for imprewing itself on the world and on
growth of Canada, so far as hor tuv due non i	wrrkera of the forest, of	the workers in the	.	making for itself a line of commerce and of
•nd her «-emmerce are concerned . H n t i«i	^ra, of the worker* in the dairy, farms and	communication, with success almost from
trade shown by amount of the importa tor	ntuj <mttle ranges of the country? the outset. That hon. gentlemen have tom
consumption in the country on the one \you]^ they have opened up any fewer roar- up. They tinkered with a brokers' firm band. and the amount ot the exports which	than hon. gentlemen opposite have for months and months, and then came
the products of the country on the n p<j i Would tliey have built any down and told this House that the fa^t
The trade which rushes ^ wer railways, would they have subsidized line project with which they were in great
and kept running any fewer steamship sympathy was put out of sight for the lines? In what wav, let hon. gentlemen say, moment, because of the me in the price wot Id their coming into power have fier- of material. Certainly; and now the hon. cited any effect to destroy production in any gentleman conies down with bottle-necked of these forms? Answer that, as honest and bottle-nosed ships that have been can-men. You will say:	We are party men vaaacd pver and over again, and 1 am
but we know quite well that if you had «Laid that the travelling minuter has lost come mto ]>owrr these things would have «» portfolio so far as that is concerned, gone on iust the wme. If that bo your «Lcr all these attempts have been made, answer, then, for pitVa sake, do not spend the hon. gentleman comes down this year two or three hours in making what is sup- »"d	/«J1 It ^ all out of sight now on
( 1 n	maimed in power, a fast line service would
have been in sight, in action, in operation; and if the hon. gentlemen had followed the lead of what was laid down for them in that case as they did in so many other cases, we would have hnd a fait line service to-dav; and. Sir, our own volunteers would probably have gone to the seat of war in our own swift ships with the Canadian and English flags waving at the masthead.
Now, Sir, the basis of all this increased trade is to he found, ns I have said, previous steady and long continued preparation. When the opportunity came what did we find ? Fast lines of railway making their way across this continent, opening up almost every field of development as regards wheat growing, rattle growing and produce of all kinds These, Sir, had been built on lines of policy laid down by the LiheraJ-Conservative party, interfered with, opposed, ridiculed and fought by hon. gentlemen opposite, individually and ns a party. They found in this country a widely extended industrial establishment built up on the lines of an adequate protection which these gentlemen fought against, which they ridiculed from 1878 to 1896. which they declared when they got into power they would destroy, but which, after they have come into power, they have kept up nt about the same general level. In that respect as well there had I teen a long period of preparation so that when the time came they found all these establishments manned and ready to work, ready to add to their power and to their output, So to-day we have this large industrial activity and prosperity
foundation
P C. in-1809 create. 37,060,123	12*
93,007,166	00
3,889,295	38
7,303,450	24
534.482	48
03,226	39
305,599	52
500.302	67
2,318,723 151 627,006	*
1,354,030	*
1.175,584 107 2,760.409	4
568,768	76
1896
Prom
Great Britain United States
France........
Germany .. ..
Spain........
Portugal ..	.
Italy.........
Holland .. ..
Belgium .. ..
Newfoundland West Indies .
South America China À Japan . 2,071,418 Switzerland . . .	332.1201MH
Other countries . 2,413,009	2,493,261
1899
ntlc
1895
chants of tliii country. The hon. gc men have spent $9,000.000 on the canals not a pound, not a ton, not a box of all this import and export has felt the least advantage of that expenditure yet. Venue Is went until the end of the last season on the name depth of water and with the Mine capacity that Large sums of money have been voted to railway subsidies, and these railways are only completed in part or not completed nt all; and we will have to wait for some years before wo get any «dvnn'ngo from their completion no far a* the distribution and carriage of goods are concerned. So with reference to the mechanism of Iran sport, nothing that these lion, gentlemen have done yet has added to the facilities for trade and commerce.
32,970,742
58,574,024
2,810,942
5,931,459
301,778
48,500
230,917
200,858
020,758
551,412
1,806,496
507,027
$2.84	$8.74	$10.00
.76 39	42.95	44 00
76.99	1 72.38	19.00
.89.69	104.06	98.00
.	2.27	3.09
.	7.GO	0.14
.	9 39	6.13
.	0.06	0.00
.2.13	297
.	8.22	3.02
14 87	14.38	11.90
green and dry	4.18	8.62
fresh...........0.01	0.02
8.76	4 34
9 08	6.78
0.42	0.36
1.21	073
0.35	0.31
0.75	or,5
0.62	0.54
0.61	0 91
9 21	9 65
Inc. or
1899. decrease
but
The Cost to Canada of the Joint High Commission.
1896.
$ 8,060,000 $13,360,000 $ 6.410,000
3 45
6.18
622
ta
they went in 1896
The Conferences Cost Canada Ovei Thirty-Four Thousand Dollars.
8.12
CO
8.04
0.03.6
3.02
6.03
0.16
Nothing Accomplished by the Cana* dian Commissioners, But They Had a Pleasant Visit in Washington.
0.77
trig
0.31.6
0.06
$110,587,430 $154,051,593	39
Total .. ,
Decree»»
0.69
0.76
6.69
Summed up, that mean* that our mcreaee in importa from Great Britain wit Lj per
rent.; from all countries with which we
trade, 30 per cent.: and from the United
State* 69 per cent! ¦	.
Ho that, *o far from there being mal increase in our imports fr Britain, the percentage of that increase ha» been almost the lowest on the hat, and very much lower than that of the other great countries with which we trade.
I remember the hon. Minister of Trade and Commerce saying, not long ago. that there was an export from Great Britain m n certain year, of $06,000,000. and to the
United States an export of %%% while we only had an import of $32.000.000 from Great Britain, compared with the import of $58.000,000 from the United States, lie declared that that was a g mas discnm ination against the trade of Great. Britain
He maid:
0.68
0.77
0.62
A FAST OCEAN SERVICE
0.06.8
. 0.06.6 0.04.4 8.31	3.14
0.10 0.22 . 0.09.4 0.09.4 . 0.07.7 0.06 . 0.19.1 0.18.3 . 0.09.7 0.06.9 0.12.4 0.12.1 . 0.08.7 0.08.8 . 0.05.1 0.06.3 ..0.00.2 0.092 . 0.06.2 0.03.2 0.38	0 44
8 26	2 91
6.68	8.89
0.19	0.17
4.64	3.97
28 24	81.63
1.82	1.76
1.37	1.11
8.77	8 69
3.63	6.13
6.41	4 56
2 68	2.29
. 0.14.8 0.14.4
3.30
0.28
0.089 0.06.7 0.18 3 0.08 8 u 13 I o 09 6
0.07.6
0.08.7
0.02.6
0.48.4
nn abnor-rom firent
OTTAWA, March 19. - The following amount» were paid, aa shown in the AudiV or General's report up to 1st July, >899, m connection with the Quebec-Washington Commission, which ended without results. The amounts drawn by the Ministers, Laurier, Cartwright and Davies, are in addition to their salaries of $7,000 each and sessional indemnifies of $1 he seen jaunts and entertainments constitute a respectable share of the bill. PERSONAL EXPENSES.
High Commissioners—
Sir Wilfrid Laurier ....
Sir Richard Cartwright
Sir Louis Davie#.......
John Charlton .........
Hon. W. fl. Fielding ...
Staff and assistants—
H. Rourafisa, secretary
W. O. Parmelee........
Joseph Pope ...........
W. F. King .......... »
R. N. Venning.........
F. Oourdeau ..........
R.	Boudreau, private secretary of
Premier.............................
S.	Lellevre, asst, secretary of Premier.
F. C. T. O'Hara, private secretary of
Sir R Cartwright ...................
E. B. Williams, private secretary of Sir
Louis Davies .......................
Staff and assistants—
W. C. Gordon, private secretary of Sir
L. Davies...........................
C. B. Burns, private secretary to W. fl.
Fielding ...........................
W. Simpson, secretary of Mr. King ...
Captain Herbert Taylor Captain O. O. V. Spain
Captain Wakeham .......
J. J. McArthur Messengers—
P. Connolly ....
P. J. Connoyj R. Archambault

2.23
692
0.16
3 r>j
31
1898. 30,000.000 bushels were expo
in 1890, 22.200,000 bushel». 6u up, the increase between 1801 nn<I Iw7. in the exports of chew,' was
of bacon 640 per 410 per cent.
1.75
1.02
8.63
each. As will
arc
iio
6.11
other hand through a country h of some service to some parties; hut it is not to be taken into serious account when you are trying to get down to the basis of a country's greatncn end prosperity. If you take the dutiable ban dise and the free good* imported
4 30
40 per cent.
Th*e inrroaL from IsnUto 1809, in chrwc. is 15 per cent, in bacon, 80 per cent, and in grain, 27 per cent. The decrease between 1899 and 1898 is, in cheese, 5 per cent.; in grain, 26 per cent.
CONTINUATION OF GROWTH.
Sir, the point I wished to make was. that in these great staple products of agriculture, which are typical of the others, there was More these gentlemen came into power, a large and increasing export, and that what lias taken place since, has been but the continuation and extension under better conditions of consumption and purchase the world over, in these same commodities. It vou take the United States market, which has no legislation such as these gentlemen have here, which has none of tlu? inspiriting effects of their guiding policy, and which has a very high protective tariff, you find that in 1890, the experts from the United States amounted to $857,000.000; in 1895, they had gone down to $824,000,000; hutin 1890, they had increased to $1,300,000,000, under a large protective policy and a large expansion of the export trade, which n due to none of the causes that hon. gentlemen seek to bring #s the reasons for the increase of our export trade with Great Britain during the past three years. Germany, Belgium, Italy, Austria, all the great European countries have hod this large expansion, both of export and import trade, during the last three or four years. It is characteristic of business and trade the world over. I think, therefore, I have said enough in this respect to show that the preference which these hon. gentlemen have given in the first place, has had but small effect upon the imports from Great Britain into this country, and has had practically no effect upon the exports from this country.
A GREAT OPPORTUNITY LOST.
No greater opportunity had ever offered, possibly no better opportunity ever will offer than was offered within the last three years to the right hon. gentleman who leads the Government to get from Great Britain and all the colonies a modus vivendi with reference to trade matters which, on some fair and reasonable principle, would be mutually beneficial to all. Events move rapidly. Who would have thought, three years ago, that the relative position of Canada and the Empire would be what they are today. The Queen's Jubilee, the breaking out of the war between the South African Re publics and Great Britain, and the consequent great outburst of loyal and patriotic feeling has brought sentiment into a state of ripeness which is favourable to the operation of changes that three years ago would not have been looked at by public men in Great Britain and perhaps not by many public men in this country. And it was a pity of all the pities that the right hon. gentleman did not carry out his pledge to the people of Canada. It was a pity that he did not put himself and the premiers of the others colonies, at Mr. Chamberlain’s direct request, into a commission for taking over and arranging this matter if possible on *une reasonable basis. Never before had there been such an opportunity, and it may be many years before such a favourable opportunity will be found again. I do not propose to say much more with reference to this question of preference. It is evident that the preference of 12 1-2 per cent, did not have much effect. It is equally evident, from the statistics, that the preference of 25 per cent, did not have very much more stimulating effect. Hon. gentlemen have gone to the extent of adding another third and have made it 33 13 per cent. XVe will see what effect that will have in stimulating imports from Great Britain to this country. But this is a matter which, I think, should have been approached with very great care and been thought out on more lines than one. What is one of the first effects of this cut of 33 1-3 cents, made horizontally, without discrimination as to articles. )t is that it places articles of luxury about the lowest on the list of dutiable goods coming into this country. If the 33 1-3 per cent cut is effective, it lets jewellery in at*20 per cent. It lets manufactures of gold and silver used by rich people in at 20 per cent.; it lets in silks, which are used by the wealthy, at 23 1-3 pe laces at 23 1-3 per cent.; at 20 per cent.; it lets in porcelain gc at 20 per cent.; it lets ribbons in at 23 per cent.; it lets shawls and rugs in at per sent.; it lets in watches at 16 2-3 per cent.; it admits high class worsted goods at 23 1-3 per cent.; velvets at 20 per cent.; Brussels carpets at 23 1-3 per cent.; tons, gray and white, at 10 2 3 per cent and coloured cottons at 23 1-3 per cent.
It is an acknowledged principle in the levying of tariff rates in every country what we call the luxuries of life, which can be afforded by the rich and not much wanted by the poorer classe* of people, shall pay a higher percentage of duty. Under this cut, if it be effective, these articles will be amongst those which pay the least duty, and farmers and artisans will not derive any benefit compared with that derived by the richer classes.
Another point to be observed ii how this is going to affect the industries of this country. So far as I can judge, some of the most important industries of this country will find that the cut operates to such an extent that the tariff affords them little or no protection. What is the principle upon which hon. gentlemen are acting? Are they acting in favour of free trade or in favour of adequate protection to the industries ot this country - The late Mr. Bertram knew, and he declared that they were acting in favour of an adequate protection to the great industries of this country. The Hon. Clifford Sifton declared that that was -their basis of action. The Hon. Mr. Tarte declared that adequate protection was embodied as a principle in their legislation and would not be interfered with. Now. this additional cut of 8 1-3 per cent, will act in two ways. It will act in the way 1 have already mentioned, and besides it will affect some of the principal industries of this country. Whilst it will give no relief to the farmer for his implements, while it will give little or no relief to all the users ot iron goods, while it will give no opening market for the farmers of this country, it is possible, it is even veity probable, that this will have a damaging effect on certain of our large industries. And, after all, tbe Liberal-Conservative party, formed with that principle, growing by that principle, having stood by that principle since 1870, to the present hour, does not propose to go back upon that principle now. Over and above everything else, Che great asset ot this country is its natural resources, and over and above everything else, it ought to be the guiding star of the legislation of this country to work for the development of these great resources so as to make this country so 'far as we possibly can a hive of industry, where labour finds its employment and its wage, and where abundant natural resources are worked up to the point of highest value and. when put upon
U* mwkfd ti* mtii. bnas tto.P*Wl
232
0.16.9
There, if you will, is a genuine practical discrimination to an enormous extent against England and in favor of the United States. I have always maid that the national policy was a A ankee device copied from the Yankees, and in fact a benefit to them chiefly, and here is a proof of it.
The hon. Minister of Marine and Fisher-(Sir Louie Davies), speaking at a great meeting in London, informed the people that, under the policy which him Government had adopted, this disparity and dim-crimination would he done away with. Well, we will see how it. was done away with Of dutiable and free importa merchandise entered for consumption, the percentage contributed to the trade of tin* country by Great Britain and the U. S. was
aa follows:
1.73
10.90
mere
into thin country for home consumption, you will find that the imports were just about $44.000.000 greater in 1899 than they were in 1806. If you take the exports of homo produce, you will find that they were $07.600.000 greater in 1800 than 1800. Taking these together, the total Canadian trade, in and out, is $71.700,000 greater in 1890 than in 1800. So that we reduce the amount first, from 800.000,000 to $82,000,000. and then to 871.700.000. But, further, if you take only the actual merchandise imported for home consumption, and the domestic exports (deducting the com, which w brought into this country and entered for home consumption, but which goes out as a foreign product), that figure is again reduced to about sixty-five million dollars, which represents about the real amount of the trade, export and import, on the basis which T have laid down, as the gain of 1809 over 1807). Well, Fir, that is a great gain. It is a gain which any government and any country may well he proud of; but we derive no benefit for ourselves, and we do not advance the real interests of this country by representing our trade any larger than it is. mo far as Its real value to the country is concerned.
$ 8.661 .88
.. 8.361 08 ... 2.630.91 ... 1.766.48 .. 200.00
THE COUNTRY PAYS.
##
The Coat of Mr. Tarte's Excursion
Down the Gulf.
In the summer of 1898 Hon. Joseph Israel Tarte resolved that a trip down the gulf would do him good.
The expense is recorded in the Auditor-General's report (page Q—145)
Provisions.........
Provisions.......
Laundry...........
Tableware.........
Bug...............
Mattress..........
Three caps.........
Three sweaters..
Napkin rings....
Four rubber coats Two alpaca coats.
American flag.. ..
Six rugs..........
Sundries.........
Various items....
lea
.. 2.200.00 ..	911.28
.. 1,862 15 .. 1,846.35 .. 1,130.00 ..	87 23

WHY DTD IT HAPPEN?
Did it all happen because these hon. gentlemen came in? Then, let us nee what has happened since. What has happened within six months, up to December 31st, 1899. Why, the mining products have gone off by a million dollars, the fisheries have kept about stationary this current year, they are going behind. Agricultural products have dropped by $5,200.-(XX). Here is a short statement which will show the decrease within the last six months of 1899 compared with the laet ail months of 1897 in the products named.
EXPORTS TO GREAT BRITAIN.
$7,177,533 $5,391.544 941,193	479,223
7.414.273	5,983,282
13,458,844 12,112.649 21,160.303 18,099,249
If the coming of these hon. gentlemen
their remaining in power great burst of trade, whv is have been firmly seated in
1896	1899	1900
Leather (oak tan) ..$0.27	$ 0.81	$0.33
Rubber
Rice ..
Manila .
Sisal ..
1‘Ik Iron
Bar Iron (per 100 lbs.). 1.10
Millets...............13.00	16.85	35.00
Crude petroleum (brl.) 0 94%	1.19	1.66
Refined petroleum
Kal)...........
Sugar (muscovado)
Sugar (standard granu iated) ...............
0.94
1.04
0.73
$ 643.40
%	0.05%	0.04%
%	0.06*4	0.14%
0.02%	0 05%	0.09*4
10.00	10.86	25.00
0.04
807.60
483.00
86.45
0.04
35.80
DUTIABLE.
1896	1899
9.11
2.50
1.06
4.50
864.41
By
2.50
Loss.
86 24 p.c 80 77 p.C. M7 p.e
f, Ain.
43.28 p.c. 41 73 p.c. 6.45 p.C
1.50
103 50
(per
Great Britain United States
3.75
0.06.9	0.08%	0.11
2.63	8 81	8.88
8 74	4 73	4.85
in the
1.20
10.00
FREE GOODS.
1896	1899
851.88
3.50
Instead of giving the various articles made from iron I have mentioned only the raw basis of manufactures. Generally the prices on staple articles which arc bought have increased in accord with the increase in the articles which I have read point it is certain that if the farmer to-is having prosperity it is not because in the first place, less taxation is taken out of him by the present financial legislation— not because the general revenues" to which he contributes are less; for they are more —not because he is getting a higher price for his staples; but he is prosperous because he is getting a ready market tor what he has to sell, and he is raising larger quantities, ami in many respects of a better grade of stuff for the market that he raised before
7.50
By
51.50
101.75 181.60 600.00 800 00 163.13 173.00
Tioss.
23.19 p.c. 15.70 p.c. 6 49 p.c
Gain.
64.07 p.c. 73.43 p.c. 9 36 p.c
Cattle.. .. Horses.. »« Wheat.... . Cheese.... 1 Wood and timber
24.03
% #
Great Britain United States
1352.52

* *
$2236.82 that the
On this
Total.......................
The Auditor-General reports Minister’s provisions, washing, caps, sweaters, coots, rugs, etc., are charged up to the following services:
MEASURED IN VALUES NOT IN
VOLUMES.
TOTAL IMPORTS.
1896	1899
dav
5
By
Loss.
81.15 p.c. 24.72 p.c. 6 43 p.c
Gain.
60 80 p c. 69.24 p.c. 8.46 p.c
into
power, an d all this
Now, I want to call the attention of mv hon. friend the Minister of Finance to another point. When he is talking of the trade of 1899 being so much greater than the trade of 1895, has lie never realized the fact that he is sneaking about values of trade and not volume of trade? To take a rough illustration, suppose that in 1895 there wua exported from this country 20,000,000 bushels of wheat at $1 a bushel, that would swell our exports by $20,000,000. Suppose that in 1889 we exported an equal amount, 20,000,000 bushels, but only at a (valuation of 50 cents per bushel, our export ¦trade would then ohow $10,000,000 leas on exactly the same amount ot sweat and la-
475 46 511 89 273 00
Great Britain
United States
I think these hon. gentlemen were very wrong in denouncing the national policy as the Yankee device, on account of its discrimination. They were either wrong in doing that, or they have ahamefullv neglected their duty, for if they have any differ ent machinery from the Yankee device, it has the effect, not of mitigating, but of enhancing the discriminations which they say
existed before.	.
So much with reference to the imports.
But, if their argument fails on the question of imports, what can we say of it with regard to the exports, when they attribute the increase, so far ns Great Britain is concerned, to the preference which they have i British imports into this country ne can see that there is some reason in supposing that the preference, however, small, on the imports from another country, will lead to an increase of these imports, but it is verv difficult, on business principles, to conceive how it is possible that any large extension shall be made in the export trade on account of the preference given the imports. Well, what aie the facts? Suppose we take the figures from the Trade and Navigation Returns, and see whether or not there is an abnormal increase <4 exporta from < anada to Great Britain, as compared with the m-of exports from Canada to other
cause
it, since they
power for the three years, that these exports have commenced to go down? Is it not far more common sense like to may that governments may come, and governments may go, but unless legislation and administration are radically changed, in a country like Canada, with its enterprise, its pluck, its general diffusion of knowledge, and its general business activity, these great lines of production will go forward year after year subject to those changes which take place in trade in every country, by reason of forces within the country, or even ot .	..	, .	... forces entirely outside the country, hut in
ur and toil represented in the production eillier Cttae largely beyond the power of
heat m the country. Jhe difference in ^ government to affect or mitigate, i must be taken into account as well Ie difference in volume, l am not stat-that was the difference in value 1895 and 1899. but simply use it Urpose of illustration.
Repairs of Piers, P. E. T........
Harbours and rivers in the Mari
time Provinces...............
Harbours and rivers in Quebec. Harbours end rivers elsewhere..
$ 200.00
*#
$1618.50
368.82
GENERAL EXPENSES.
51.50
O frire rent ($1,814.02)-Hotel Frontenac, Aufuet 24th, September 2 ...................................
Hotel Frontenao, 21 days, to October
Total
$2236.82
BOOS
But this does not include running expenses except coal.
The pleasure yacht was at first leased by Mr. Tarte at $125 a week: but after one week's experience Mr. Tarte liked the yacht bo well that he bought her and she cost us $26,000.
he is producing more
11
106.00
TRADE WITH GREAT BRITAIN
The Rhoreham, November 7 to February
21. Including service ..............
Entertainments ($1,637.32)—
Quebec Garrison Club-* dinner.........
Trip on steamer Aberdeen to the Saguenay ................................
Trip with Lord Herschell and party om steamer Aberdeen to the Saguenay ..
Trip on steamer Aberdeen .............
Trip on steamer Druid ................
Trip to Tourvtlle Fish and Game Club's
preserves...........................
Two-thirds share of banquet at Shore-ham ..................................
Printing and stationery ($1.002.64)— Pamphlets—Trade between Canada and
United States .....
Paper and envelopes ..
Lithographing.........
Office requisites ...
Forms.................
Maps and charts ......
Books, pamphlets, eto Messengers, etc., at Quebec ($903.60)— D. H. Dube, stenographer, 44 days', at
Now, Sir, finishing that part of the subject, 1 ahall come to the question of our trade with Great Britain, upon which we have a prêt*y strong divergence of expressed opinion between the Finance Minister and gentlemen of business experience and capacity on this aide of the House and in the country. The Finance Minister and the right non. leader of the Government, and I suppose the party as a whole, take the ground that the added trade with Great Britain is due to the preference which is given under the tariff ot 1897, as worked out in 1898 and 1899. The view I would take of that is this: So far as imports are concerned, there is no doubt a quickening influence felt on account ot the alight practical reduction which is made to the British exporter to the Camv dian market; but the main increase with Great Britain is an increase which Great Britain participates in, as the result of the general increase of Canadian trade, both as to imports into this country nnd exports from this country. That proposition I think I shall abundantly prove H	" I
there is a small practical differential in favour of the exporter from Great Britain, that is to a large extent offset by the greater distance and larger cost which is attendant upon import» from that country. The longer time that it takes to till orders, and the competition with her great competitor, the l ni ted States of America, for oil kinds of textile goods, have worked in the past and will work for the present and the future to a certain extent against imports to this country from Great Britain. Now, what is held with reference to this matter? First, Jet me notice a most wonderful argument addressed bv the right gentleman who leads the 1 louse to t he people of Bowmanville in October, 1899. Speaking before an immense, and I venture to think, a very intelligent audience there, the Premier was endeavouring, as usual, to draw the credit to his Government for the great increase of trade between Great Britain and this country, on account of the preference policy which had been adopted, and he Raid this:
1,66».82
in the country because of the and preparation period under the Liberal-Conservative party and their policy.
•06.88
Toronto Mail and Empire.
fNote—Considering the cost of this little trip to the country, the electors of Canada will wonder how much Mr. Tarte s trip to Paris is going to cost.]
182.00
v
GOVERNMENT HELPED MINERS.
HAS THE
ONE CAUSE OF PROSPERITY.
Sir, there is another reason, and I think it is worth some attention. One cause ot' the unexampled prosperity of the last three years is due to—what? Is due to what always takes place in a period of enforced economy. For the country as often for the man, a period of enforced economy is a period ot strengthening for better future operations. Every man who understands plant life knows that if he wants to produce a stocky plant he has to cut off the shoots, to cut off the buds nnd branches, even though it break his heart to do it. to allow it to make root room and gather strength for the days to come when it will astonish him by the vigour of its growth and the freshness of its bloom. It is true with the country and with the business man. The enforced economy from 1892 to 1895 has been n strengthening time for the business backbone and power of the country. But, it did more. There never was a period in the history of Canada when stocks in this country were at a lower ebb than in 1895. Every bit of old iron that could be worked up out of a railway storeroom was worked up instead of putting in new stock; every hit of stock that could be sold out of the ‘shelves was sold out rather than put in new stock. Manufacturers cleaned out their lofts, their garrets and their cellars, sold everything that they possibly could, so that in this country there what vou might call a hungry man’s What happened then ? The turn
________¦ There was an increased
production stimulated by an increased price for cereals and cattle. That caused an inflow of money into the country, that called for greater producing power, greater transportation facilities, caused greater demand for new stock to replace the old stocks m the stores, and taking oil that into consid-
knows that a large
l
202.60
100.86
«2 00
iven
8
be twee i
1 am going on to make two more statements. As every financier knows, there is kept up in the old country and in the Uni- ran
ten States, and to a certain extent in this speech was thinH	¦¦ I
country, what is known as a barometer ot account of this, or, ns the Latin has it, rices from year to year. There is none post hoc, ergo propter hoc—because we otter on this continent than that kept by came in, because we introduced our policy,
Bradatreet. Bradstreel's index of prices therefore, these things have happened, i is known and relied upon all over this con- have taken the leading lines of production, tinent. For the last fifty years they have and read the results in figures. Will any taken the prices ot some 96 or 100 staple one say, with regard to the mines, any act
articles_their system in a meric* of administration or any initiation of this
ut index numbers, which >how the differ- Government has given an impetus to the once in prices from year to year. If you opening of mines, or the production ot will go to October, 1890. you will find that minerals in this country, different from the index number is 105.996. I am not go- what would have been given if this Gov-ing to take up time explaining the techni- eminent had not been in power? Are the cal construction of this system, but will miner's tools any cheaper than they were merely give the figures, and any hon. gen* before? No, Sir, he is paying on his iron tleinan who wishes to look into it will very and his steel, from 25 per cent to 200 per soon find out the basis on which the thing cent of an increase over what he was pay-is worked. In October, 1890, the index ing before these gentlemen came into pow-price number was 10.1,996. In 1895 it had cr, because the prices of these articles gone down to 71,672. What does that have been by that much enhanced. Does mean? It means that the average value ot he get chcajwr food? 1 think not; I think articles in October 1890, taking all classes the prices of his food arc about level with and kinds, was 47 per cent higher than	in	those he paid before.	Are	his	clothes	anv
1895. If any one attempts to show,	by	cheaper? The staple	articles in	this	res-
simply taking the values in the Trade and pect, have increased in value. Has he any Navigation Returns, that the purchasing, enlarged market for his product».' Not on», producing, the exporting and buying *capa- He meets the same difficulty in his export nilitics of this country are so much less in of the finished article—what he may hap-1895 than in 1890, lie will get no adequate pen to finish on this side of the line, so far idea of the difference. He lias to take the as his lead is concerned. Has comparative value; and if lie wants io lie diminished competition	No.
find out what the trade of 1895 was	as	the competition	he
compared with the trade of 1390, he has	to	meet is as keen as before.	As	1	have	sta-
compnre the levels of value in each and the tmi, hon. gentlemen have at last paid the difference between the two levels, as shown silver-lead bounty, but that was planned by Bradstreet’s index, is 47 per cent. Sup- and provided for by the Liberal Conserva-posc we work that out. Taking the actual tive Government before it went out of
exports and imports in 1805, their valuation power. Therefore, my hon. friend has fdm- Prat.jon> every man
in Canada was $203.504,332. We now want plv carried out the legislation he found at part 0f this extraordinary activity of the to find what the value of that 1895 trade band. So, go through the whole of the [AHt few ypnra has been expended in filling would have been according to the prices of miner’s outfit, and hie work and condi- the void which wae created in the period October. 1890. We add 47 per cent, which fions, and we see that no legislation made Mp iftos. Why do I mark that? Because is $95.645.000, and you have $299.150,000, as by this Government, and no conditions j think it is the part of wisdom to recog-what would have been the value of the which exist to-day on account of such legio- n;ze that these booming times are not go-trade of 1895. had prices kept the level nt- lation, makes the miner’s occupation a jng to go on always. These large monufac-tained in October, 1890, lion, gentlemen moiV favourable one than it was before, turing plants, which are now bending see the point, home one says: Your trade ,\Pi( the same questions with reference to evcry muscle, with orders six months and is diminishing because flic books in 1895 tfie fisherman, ask the same with refer- a yPar ahead, will, with the powers of de ehow JcS' value than in 1890. I answer ( vncP to the lumberman, ask the same with velopment and of production, their mil-mm, mi the hvht ot t.us n lex, by saving:	reference to the fanner—and, by the way, lions of capitals, soon reach the point of
No. the activity, the production, the ex- there is an additional point with reference satisfying the demand of the store-porting and the buying volume of tins conn- to the farmer, which I shall speak of a lit- rooms and the larders, hut they will ex iry, i> a< tuai > Ingner in Is.-), measured by tie later. It is a significant fact that when j8t, and with their immense producing ils trade, t an in 1 90, and you get at	vou	go through the returns	of	trade and	power,	they will become competitors in
something like a bur comparison by taking	j,usjnpss you will find, that	in	the large,	well supplied market#, nnd then will come
^<SA«rt5r-rvs ^ter'zrsss
¦am*
00n 000 I mention these facts simply to call emphasized diminution in the prices that field of trade will bring down prices, and your attention to this point, that we have	the	fanner gets for his products. Take	it will	consequently act asm ^erycycle
not exhausted the subiert when we si m plv	1S99	into account, and there	is	a sensible	it has	acted and reacted. The hon. Min a-
take the figures in our books unless we keep increase in what the farmer has to pay for ter of Finance and every other man in in view the varied rates of prices in the=c what he uses. Everything in the shape of this country may just am wc 1 come to the goods year after year as our trade history iron, nails, wire, coal oil and all that, a conclusion that there are fictitious as well goes along. If we were to apply the differ- I great part of which the farmer has to use as real reasons for this great expansion of cnee of prices in 1896 as compared with in his business, has gone up from 50 per trade and activity, that the demand is be
uld reduce the *64,000.000 to cent, to 150 per cent., or 200 per cent.; mg rapidly filled up and that the time about $30.000.000 of excess in volume ot whilst on his staple articles there has been will come, we hope not for many months, trade, and still wc would have a magnifi- a decrease in the prices which he obtains, hut it may be within a few months, when cent addition to our trade.	I have here an illustration of that tak»n matters will taxe on a different complex-
( ERVATIVES VROUD OF THE ! !rtcd to'crcaTllrita^,3I6,373^orih ^t<^larish[ tTiti, expenditures Ld it is
cattle, valued at $78.43 per head;	*<*11 for the businessi people of the count,
1895 we exported $6.797,615 worth of which not to think that trade will go on um-the value per head was $79.10. In 1896 formly m an increasing ratio but to loo*
r head was $72 40; in' 1897,	,in 4th.e face« a"d whd8t _
I, $60.63; io 189V, $61.75.	K^d for this prosperity a» prudent men,
There, on very large exports of a staple come to the conclusion that what has bap
####
a5zr„:“s.trs.ss a»»-Mys.
ioql	the present period.
It being six o’clock, the Speaker left the Chair.
Now, while I am on this point, let me drive it home, so far as I can, by a little additional argument. The assumption that all the way through my hon. friend’s
After this, therefore, on
THE EFFECT OF A PREFERENCE
(From the Hamilton Spectator.)
The price of grain fluctuates in the British market. Frequently it goes up 5 cents a bushel, or fall* 5 cents a bushel it remains 5 cents up for some time. And is uuat followed by an increase in the price of bread? No. It is impossible to divide 5 cents among the loaves which a bushel ot wheat will make, and a live cent use in wheat is not felt by the bread consumer.
If Britain were to admit Canadian and other colonial grain free, and put a duty ot 5 cents a bushel on foreign grain, it goes without saying that the very worst that could happen the British bread consumer would be a tax of five cents a bushel on that wheat which did not come from the colonies, which, if it had influence on the whole importation of gra by the grain admitted f less than 5 cents a bushel would be the tax on the whole importation.
But it is simply absurd to say that in case Great Britain put a discriminatory duty of 5 cents a bushel on foreign wheat, as compared with the colonial product, the "tax" would be paid by the importer, and therefore by the consumer. Take twe lots of wheat,—one from Manitoba, and one from Dakota; both graded No. 1 hard; each ot equal value with the other. Let the proposed duty of five cents a bushel be in open ation at Liverpool. These two lots of grain arrive there. Does any sane man mean to tell us that the British purchaser would pay 5 cents lees for the Manitoba
than for the Dakota ..._____________„
five cents more for the Dakota wheat than for the Manitoba product? The thing is ah eurd, silly, impossible. The two lots would sell at exactly the same price in Liverpool, and the producer of the Canadian wheat would get 5 cents a bushel more than his neighbour across the line. That 5 cents a bushel would make Canada boom: it would repatriate all the Canucks in Yankeedom; it would create an exodus from the United States into the jurat Canadian wheat plains in the North-West; it would fill our vacant lands with the pick of the people of the Old World; it would speedily enable the great wheat fields of Canada to grow all the wheat Britain would want; it would be the greatest blessing that could possibly come to this country. These results are self-evident. No man can say that a preferential duty of 5 cents a bushel in favour ot this country would not produce the results indicated. Ajid yet the Grit Government •of Canada, instead of making every effort to bring about this great desideratum—instead of doing all in its power for Canada's busily engaged in an endeavour to poison I Lord Herscheir* funeral— the mind of John Bull against the proposi- Expenses of Can. representative
tion! The Canadian Government is doing 0n® dorai croes and crown .......
exactly what the greatest enemy of this | Postage ......................
country would do had he the chance
#06.#»
Sometimes
I
1,112.61
*87.98
84.83
160.34
156.49
81.03
21.00

crease countries.
Exporta to
Great Britain Argentine .
Belgium .. ..
Hawaii........
France .. ..
Germany .. .
Holland .. ..
Italy.........
Japan ........
Norway ft Sweden British W. Indies Spanish W. Indies United States .. .
To all countries .$109,707.806 $137,300,793	24
These figures, taken from the blue-books of Canada, show that whilst there was a large increase in our exports to Great Britain, that increase was not nearly yo large as the increase of our exports to nearly every one of the other principal countries with which we trade. In none of these other countries was there any generous feeling aroused by a preference given to them which would make them buy more of our exports. And yet, simply in the course of trade and with the expansion ot trade, there has been a percentage of increase in our exports to these countries represented by the figures I have already given, some of the increases being of astonishing proportions. It does not destroy that argument in the least to say that our trade with other countries is comparatively small. The increase is there, and it is on exactly the same principle upon which an increase occurs in every case—that is, the principle of the general expansion ot trade. XVhv, take the case of the 1 nit ad States of America; does my hon. friend know that they had the largest exports last year of any year in their history, and that a larger proportion of these exports went to Great Britain than in any preceding year? And yet. Sir, no preference has been granted by the United States upon British imports; and I suppose there has been no answering throb in the great, generous British heart which would cause the British consumer to buy United States goods because of the inestimable benefits conferred upon his country by the Dingley
PC
Home Products
_y,	1899 Increase.
$62.717.941 $85,113,681	%
431,097	646,070	49
96.328
81,876	_
673,836	1.551.909	170
606.919	1.310,373
176,347	1.
125,265	120
133.139 1.600 120,244	190
1,627.388	1,725.321	6
978.589	1.187,661	21
34.460.428	34.766.995	..
1896
While
132.00
S3
Michael Nolan, messenger. 30 days, at
445.667 870 185.096	500
$2
60.00 60.00 45.00 16. M
16.50
45.00 28 00
28.50
22.00
J. T. Lamb. 80 days, at $2 .........
F. H. Gauthier, 80 days, at $1.60 J. McAlister, 11 days, at $1.60 ... Andrew Cline, 11 days, at $1.60 ..
J. B. Plante. 80 days, at $1.50..., Alfred Bedard, 10 days, at $1.60 ..
J. Montreuil, 19 days, at $1.60 ....
J. O. Dellsle, 11 days, at $2 ......
Flore Legare, charwoman, 11 days, at
in, would be offset ree, so that much
18
#»
62.440
66.759
••
8,148
41.262
60c
6.60
Caroline Ouy, charwoman, 19 days, at
was
appetite. 1 ot the tide
hon
60c
\
11.40
No name, charwoman, 11 days, at 60o.. Hon. H. Archambault, speaker, to pay permanent employes of Legislative Council ............................
6.60
came
I .fi
to
76.00
O. iAroque, sergeant-at-arms, to pay permanent employes of Legislative
Assembly......................
Telegrams ($520.24)—
O. N. W. Tel. Co..................
C. P. R. Tel. Co..................
Western Ujilon Tel. Co...........
Paid by Mr. Pope................,
Gratuities to servants ...........
Express and freight ($326 88)—
Can. Express Co...................
Dom. Express Co..................
Can. Atlantic Railway ..........
The Shoreham.....................
Thomas Norris ...................
Cabs. Including baggage .........
Legal services—Alphonse Poullot Typewriting—
At Ottawa ........................
At Washington ....................
Luncheon# sent to Parliament Build
Ings by Quebec Garrison Club........
Lord Herechell and party—
Expenses of trip to Manitoba. N. W Territories and British Columbia., ..
wheat wheat. or
60 60
104.69
28.60
878.17
10.89
407.95
The merchant* of England, the men who have to buy articles in the markets of the world, no longer go to the United States to make their purchases.
They come to Canada, and this is the direct result of our preferential tariff.
Now you have to stop and think over a statement like that before you really take it in. To think that any man leading a party of average business intelligence, who had kept himself at all in current with the business of the world, would, before an audience of three thousand intelligent people, with newspaper reporters on each aide ot him, make a statement of that kind, almost passes belief. Let us analyze it. Under this new policy, "when the people of England want to buy anything in the market» of the world, they no longer go to the United States of Americar— they come to Canada; and this is the direct result of our preferential tdriff."
BUYING FROM THE UNITED STATES.
Well, Sir, we will take the facts as given by the statistics of 1898, and we will see whether that is true or not. The merchants of England wanted to buy cattle in 1898, nnd they went to the United States to buy them to the value of $30,331.563; they wanted to buy salted beef, and they went to the United States to buy $1,297,745 worth; they wanted to buy fresh beef, and they bought from the United States $22,763,468 they bought bacon, $31,332,703 worth; hams,
$17,770,215 worth; pork, salted, not hams.
$1,092,732; butter, $1,338,504; cheese, $4,898,
719: lard, $13,608,699; wheat, $74,434,528; barley, $1,146,689; oats, $11,146,458; rye,
$722,072; maize, or Indian corn, $35,599,350; flour, $46,089,431; hay, $731,418; apples, $1,956,979; seeds, $1,472,488; tallow, $2,619,449; wood and timber. $13,580,309; house frames and fittings, $2,830,390; leather, $14,781,147.
Total $301.592,845. So that we find, in direct contradistinction to the hon. gentleman's assertion, that the merchant of England last year went, not to Canada, but to the United States to buy over $300,000,000 worth of the articles above mentioned. This is an answer—a conclusive answer, I think —to the hon. gentleman’s inclusive statement; and out of that I think there arises a great necessity for some older and more experienced and more discreet member of the party to accompany the right hon. gentleman on his journeying*, and keep him well within the line.
Jtj; a.%2? rjures ™ «mr o« «« rwmm.¦
Canada? Is it true that Great Britain ex- We listened to what they had to say and ports to Canada and that we import from we put up the duties on meat products, her a larger amount, compared with the in- And why? Because the competition from crease of our trade with all the other dif- the United States was destroying the stand-ferent countries of the world, than we do ing ground of the producers of meat in from all those other countries concerned in this country. Unless the producers ol the general increase? Take the tables of meats could fairly secure standing ground hon. gentleman’s own department, and in the home market, it was impossible for what do they show? A glance at the fol- them to reach out for the great foreign lowing Uble will give the jmfnrma&iemi .-1 market w;.<^-th^ :w#r^ after. ' WMt
r cent.; it lets in it lets in piano*
oods
*#
3
167.68
68.40
87.00
22.53
COt-
1.8#
219 86 200.00
that
60.#0
180.88
:
17# 4#
our
286 81
128.57 40.00 168 14
Bill
HOW EXPORTS GREW UNDER CON
6ERVATIVE RULE.
Newspapers, etc. ($137.84)—
At Washington.............. .
Canadian papers.............. ,
Press clippings .............
Cards and printing ($96.03)—
Quebec Engraving Co...........
Geo. Cox, Ottawa..............
W. F. Roberts, Washington ... Woodward and Lothrop, Washington.
Photographs ($52)—
M. A Montmlny, Quebec.............
To hear these gentlemen talk, one would think that there had been no exports from this country to Great Britain on the lines of natural product* until they came into power. Let me take three articles out ot many. Of cheese, in 1891, we exported 117,000,000 pounds to Great Britain. But, Sir, in 1897, this had increa*ed to 171,000,000 pounds, an increase of 46 per cent. From 1897 to 1899, the increase has been from 171,000,000 pounds to ‘ 197,000,000 pounds, an increase of 15 per cent. But, strangely enough as. compared with 1898, there has been a decrease of 5 per cent in the exports of cheese from this country to Great Britain, and this in the year when the second half of the preference calculated to stir the generous heart of the British buyer and consumer, went into effect. I remember when, in 1890 or 1891, as Minister ot Finance in the late government, I introduced the tariff changes with reference to meat products. This was the beginning ot a policy urged on the Government by the farmers and producer* of the country, and by none of them more strongly than my hon. friend from East Northumberland (Mr. Cochrane), who brought a very large deputation with him. accompanied by the hon. member for East Grey (Mr. Sproule) and other* representing the farmers in the different constituencies.
7S.61
#1.87
*»* •••#
WHY DO THEY OPPOSE IT f
### #
Great Britain imported in 1896 for home consumption $790,000,000 worth of food products, all of which, with the exception ot tea. sugar, and fruit, and some minor articles, amounting to about $100,000,000 be produced in Canada.
She imported 130,000.000 bushel* of wheat, of which Canada supplied only 10,000,000.
She imported 12,000,000 barrels of flour, j Gilbert Photo Co., Washington ... of which Canada supplied only 90,000 bar- Views of Washington............................
rel*.	Telephone service—
She imported 5,500,000 bushels of peas, ot | Three months private phone betw which Canada supplied only 1,400,000 bush
28.00
•• ••#•
6.0#
worth
61.26
can
11.7#

#0.00
10.00
12.00
* *
COUNTRY
Chateau Frontenac and Parliament
Buildings...........................
Messages to Montreal .................
Typewriter—
E5. R. McNeil. Ottawa, difference on exchange ............ ..................
Sundries—
Books of reference....................
elm
#0.00
She imported 58,000,000 bushels of oats, of which Canada supplied only 600
Lot it hr well understood that neither f nor any intelligent man, nor any member of the Liberal-Conservative party, have any oilier feeling but pride and gratitude that
____________ ane is progressing. Why
should we not have pride in it am a party and for merely party reasons? Must there not be a period of brooding and preparation and a long sustained course of gesta-re the splendid possibilities break fulfilment and completion? And glory and the pride of the Liberal-Conservative party that thev directed the destinies of this country in that long brood Ing time of patient preparation, during which our transport facilities were being developed and all the difficult of the pioneer met with and faced, until at last, even though it be under the administration o( hon. gentlemen opposite, from this preparation period, the present cycle has sprung forth instinct with the results ot perfected development.
It is hard to make a reasonable calculation as to this increase of trade and how it Las taken place!
are
the value $53.79; in
% 20
/f#)8
bush
IAI
els
She imported 62,500.000 bushels of barley, of which Canada supplied only 47,000.
She imported 510,000,000 pounds of bacon, of which Canada supplied only 47,000,000 pound*.	|
She imported 163,500,000 pounds of ham of which Canada supplied only 6,500,000 Towels, etc ....77^ pounds.	4	Brushes and combs
She imported 324,000,000 pounds of mut- Crockery ..................
ton, of which Canada supplied only 4,000 Boap. matches, etc pounds.
She imported 6,000,000 bushels of armies, of which Canada supplied only 1,500,000 bttnili.
She imported 251,000,000 pounds of cheese, of which Canada supplied only 164,000,000 pounds.’	!¦¦¦¦¦¦
She imported 340,000,000 pounds of butter, of which Canada supplied only 5,000,000 Refund, made but not entered till a*. pound*.	counts ot 1898-90 were closed, credited
And yet the Leaner Government is op- to casual rev., 188^1800., posed to the preferential treatment of U#a*
Sdw .MKtwt# to to» yntiih toute» -
1
nti
at il
Provisions for official car on trip to Washington, January 4..............
IS 90 15.10 12 85 12.75 12 85 11 78
1
out
Now, there is a point that could have been made by the present Government if, in the complicated mechanism, the widely distributed mechanism, of transport there had been some appreciable difference made. Let us ask ourxelves whether there has been or not
i
AFTER RECESS.
Mr. Foster—I said before six o'clock that it would be found that the prices of the great staples that the farmers of this Hon. gentleman opposite country have to sell have on the average have spent millions of dollar* for railway not only not increased, but diminished in subsidies,, for canal work, for different price, whilst the chief staples which the improvement* in one way or another, which farmer and consumer in rural parts and in in the years to come will make themselves the cities have to hu felt, I hope, upon the general trade of age increased in price. I wish to present this country to its advantage. But if you a table to the House, of prices, including will think it over, not a single large work a large number of those 1 have mentioned which they have commenced, not a single as farmer's product*—what he has to ** i threat expenditure that tiny bam made, i—that may/fceexported 4m«ibis country.
Iron boxes for papers Bag and lettering ... Trunk for papers ........
T.M
7.00
Packing cases
4.75
Commission on cheque.......
Office sundries ...........
Cash In hands of Mr. Pope
122
11.73
«45

have on the aver
the
viv*
4*
A * *
