###PAGE###1###
1
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
i‘ Q., Thursday, march 23. 1^9
Vol. XVI, No. 30
)
SUBSCRIPTION Oa« Dollar a Year In advance
BANK OF OTTAWA
“THE EQUITY”
Garden and Field seeds fresh and J*	0. F. Hoixiinh.
Have you tried Dowd’s “ High Loaf ' Flour ?
Mrs. McCredie was in < )ttawa last week attending the spring millinery openings.
See those herringbone suitings, in all the latent colorings, at McGuire’s.
Mr P. Sarstiald, of Chapeau has been appointed clerk of the Court, in place of the late Terence Smith, Escp
Mr. John Smith, our jxipulnr tonsor ial artist,has purchased the residence of Mr. W. VV. Ireland, on Court Street.
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
Making suits to your order is something we like.	(». F Hoduink,
The man who said spring wax at hand a few days ago, is said to have suddenly departed for Florida.
See those check suitings in green and brown ; they are corkers, at McGuire's.
An assortment of lia by Carriages now on hand at Cuthbertaon & Graham’s.
See those w hipcord suitings and panting* ; they are daisies, at McGuires.
DISTRIBUTING HOME,
Knowlton,
Province ok <v)vebkc,
Uanaua, March 13th, I8!H1.
Dear Sir, - A party of children and young people are expected at this House early in April. These little folk have been in training all winter, at Mrs. Port’s Sheltering Home, in Liverpool. Applications for such are solicited, enclosing minister’s recommendation and railway fares. Photos of the smaller ones only ; can he sent to any kindly disposed people, who wish to give them a trial. The maj l ity will Ik? under 1% years of age, a f older hoys, who will be useful on farms,
1 remain, dear sir,
Yours truly,
Mrs. Louisa IIirt.
clean
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription, $l.oo;per Annum.
Births.— At Tompth, on March, to Mr. and.Vira. J.Min Alexander, of 23 Grant St. a son
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . 81,600,000 00
$1,170.000 00
Quyon papers please copy.
At North Bay, Sunday March 19th, to Mi. and Mra^Jamea Connelly, a daugh-
Iteat

Board of Directors : Charles Maoek, Eng., President Georoe Hay, Esg.,Vice President
Hon. Oko. Dhyhon, Jh Alex. Fkahlk, Esq ,
—0
Advertising rates made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parts of the country.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free; but obituary lines, or “poetry" will be charged at the rate of Scents per line money toaccompany themanuscrlpt In every
case.
er
Attend (Jut hbertaon & Graham's sale of Furniture during t|iy next 2 weeks.
John Mather, Ksq Davii* Mac Larkn, Bsq
Dennis Huri iiy, Bsq.
Mr. K. Graham intends closing h eral grain «hods on Saturday next 26th inst, until seeding time is over.
is sev
OEORGK BURN,
D. M. F1NN1B
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
General Managvr .. . Manager
Gentlemen — Come in and have a chat about Ready-made suits or Waterproof coats
Leave your order for that spring suit Tho rush is ^ginning at Me-
I
Drafts imnifd on all flunking points Ion, United bta'ea and Groat Britain.
Note* ami Bills collected
in the Doniiii
now,
Gu ire’s
Gentlemen— See our shirts, colllaru and ties; new lines just in
Prévost, the Poit Arthur murderer, suffered the extreme penalty of the law on Friday morning last
Dress Goons,—New Black and fancy dress goods just received. See our stock before buying.	J. H. Shaw.
Mr. W. K. Kenny, advocate of Aylmer, died hu Idenly at his residence on Satur d.»y morning.
J. A. COWAN, Publisher
G. F. lloiMiiNs
We learn that Mr. W. W. Ireland has been appointed deputy clerk of the Magistrates' Court in this village.
Charles Devlin's store at Aylmer was burglarized on Sunday and a quantity of goods and some cash taken.
DB. STACKHOUSE, Sr.
Intercut allowed on Deposit Heeeiid at current
rates
J. H.Shaw
HUREEON DENTIST,
Sum* of SI and upward* received U Saving* I><? partaient. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours -10 a. m.to8p. m. Saturday 10a iu to p. m.
Will hereafter ho In Hull Aral four days of each week. Parlies coming from the County of Tontine. LV i« cent, reduction wl l be made to nay 1 belt
Offlce—opposite the Tost Offlce,
HULL

Iway fare
One of Rev. Mr. Warrington's Portage
y presented iiich the rev for and ap
)
qUE.
du Fort congregation recent him with a fine cow, a gift w gentleman is very thankful preeiatea very much.
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &o.,
159 Main Street,.........
At Shawvllle, second ami fourth Thursday
of each month.
Offlee-over U. F. Hudgins* Store, Main St.
OF CANADA.
Wanted Immediately— A young man to uK.si.st in store; must he a good penman, accurate and quick at figures and thoroughly reliable.
Hull.
ew
We want to do your tailoring. We tre to sure please. Try us? McGuire.
Buy your Barb wire Now, before fur*
4 and 6 point. Price G. F. Hoik;ins.
The Grand Calumet Mining Co. resumed operations on the Lawn property last week a itli a small force of men, under Mr. A. de Bruyère of Aylmer.
We have the largest and best line of Hardware in Pontiac, its a good time to buy -prices are advancing.
J. IÏ. Shaw.
The storm of Sunday and Monday, was by far the most severe of the present winter, seriously impeding travel of all kinds
CAPITAL
- $6,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Ac. At
E. Hoik;ins A Sons.
Last Carnival.—Manager Legett has completed arrangements for holding the last Carnival of the season on Tuesday evening next, the 28th inst. See posters for particulars.
ther advance right.
Head Office, • Montreal. SIIAWVILLE BRANCH,
Court Shawville,
No. 276.
PUBLIC NOTICE.

F
Trovlnee of Quebec
Ifnnl : pillt) of Shaw % ilie m|
Public Notice la hereby given by J, K. .foi -ncr.thc undersigned Secretary-Treasure/*, of the af ret.»Id M uiiiclpallly, that complaint has been made against the list of person#» having the right to vote at an election for *» member of the 1/eglslat Ive Assembly of this Province prepared by him amt now deposited In bis otfl -e.
And that on Monday, the third d iv of April next, at the usual hour and place of meeting, the Municipal Council will proceed to the examination and correction of said Lists.
2 Given this twentieth day of March, 16W.
J. R. HORNER.
:
m
Meets the III) Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visit lug brethren cordially Invited.
II. s. Barnett, YZ
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collect* d.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Open*d for amounta of rive dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Hardwvhf
Mr. Sam VVillouglily, of Grove Creek, went to Campbell a Bay Thursday.
Mr. Wm. Moore intends bricking hi* handsome store building, and Mr. Joe Iiendry has the contract.
Our enterprising blacksmith, Mr. B. O Killoran is also going to build in the spring. It is a new house now.
The Dumcine agent for the Messrs E. B. Eddy Co., arrived at Citer Lake House Friday evening and reports very heavy snow. It was fine last Saturday coming down and he told that it took Mr. Fraser's team II hours to make about 20
L.B.C
J. Ai CcWan, it k
Muon Honing C. R
Office Hours Saturdays .
in A M. TO 8 P.M.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M,
F. A. PARKER, Maiiuuvr
Dr. J. E. TàGGART. L. D. S, D.D.S,
Luge range of blue ami black serges— all prices- at McGuire’s.
Mrs. Ralph Laughren, of North Clarendon, who has been an invalid from rheumatism for several years, died on Saturday hist.
The Rev. R. Warrington is holding a series of special services at St. James jUktiuii, Bryson. N*xt week he intends holding alike series at St. George’s Portage du Fort.
Corner of Hank unci Wellington .Streets,
*3T Special attention given to appoint mente made by mail.
| OTTAWA
$o<al mû ScncraL
Sec.-Ti e; *
!
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon
Public notice is given by the undersigned Sec. Treasurer of the Municipality of Clarendon, County of Pontiac, that the list of persona entitled to vote at the election of a member of the Legislative Assembly of the province of Quebec* has been prepared according to law.
That a duplicate thereof has been lodged in the office of the undersigned, at the disposal and for the information of all parties interested and that on Tuesday, the 4th day of April, 1899, at the usual lime and place of meeting the Municipal Council will proceed to the examination and connection of the said list.
Dated at Shawville this 20th day of March, 1899
Call and see CuthbertHnn & Graham’s little stock of big furniture at little prices.
Latest New York fashions now in at McGuire’s.
Ladies^-Out first consignment of Blouse and Wrappers are now open for inspection
The Raymond Sewing Machine equals any in the market. For sale by A. Smiley Shawville, from $20 up.
The Ottawa car works were damaged by tire to the extent of twelve thousand dollars, on Wednesday night last.
The Shawville Marble and Gran ire Works, Alex. McDonald, propriété r turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L.L.L.,
miles.
Mr. Jim Derouin has a very expansive smile on him today. Another boarder at his place—a boy, Mr. D. Fleury also feels a good deal taller. Its also a lad.
The following is a list of visitors at the Otter Lake House the past week :
Mr. Sun Caldwell, Shawville Jerry Matts, of Braeside; Jas. Robertson, of Sand Point; Ben. Young, Shawville; D. Gillies, M. P P ; ami Jas. Mosley, Braeside; John Thompson, Portage du Fort; Sam Willoughly, G rove Creek; Sam. Moorhead, Litchfield; D. Moore, Bear Lake.
My budget is rather large for this week but it ma) be smaller next.
Sans Ceremonie
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, ' Will visit Shawville every Wkdnes
day
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.
G. F. Hoimiins
Thu first meeting of the R. R. A. held on March 17th, at the range on Mrs. Richardson's lake, was well 23 members entered for the match, and as the weather was tine some very good ¦coring was done succeeded in winning prizes is as fol lows :
Mr
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Z'lLERK of the District Magistrates* Court Vy at Shawville. Money lo lend on easy terms on larm and village property. Notary The Relia ce Loan and Havings Company** of Ontario.
Will visit Bryson every Thursday.
attended
lor
A list of those who
iRTiiDR McConnell.
ATTORNEY AT LAW, Main 8t. Hull, Æ. Hue, will, at request, attend all courts In the district. All lorrespondencr promptly answered.
Will be atShawvllleflret Thursday ofeacb month.
1st prize, Mr. Sain Ralgh; 2, W. T Richardson ; 3, John Stewart; 4, Haniil ton Stewart; 5, Win. Murray.
Hugh Matuekon,
Secretary- Treasurer,
OTTER LAZE
Further ITotice.
TENDERS WANTED.
TOW LINE.
I should judge from the number of logs that are being hauled to Hugh Browlee’s mill, that he must be rushing things in the sawing line this winter.
James Graham takes the lead for big logs this season from Slabtown a few days ago I noticed what I took to be a load of hay, and began to look for a place to turn out ; but when I got closer it turned out to be Jim sitting on one big log that measured 40 inches without stretching the tape.
Mrs. Farren and two children are visiting at her mother’s, Mrs. Graham’s.
Mrs. Thos. Tubman, I am glad to learn,
Mr R. M. C. RitchiAf Bryson has a young moose, received last week, which is attracting the attention of the young folk of that neighborhood. The animal is quite tame and a perfect pet.
Mr. Peter Sweeney, of Moncton, N. B. has called to the Senate to take the place of the late Senator Adams, and Mr. Kerr of Coburg, Ont., has been appo ed to the seat held by Sir Oliver Mowat
Mr. H. 8. Dowd, of Quyon, has sold out his stock of merchandise to Messrs. George Walsh & Son, of Onslow, who are now in possession. Mr. Dowd intends devoting all his time to his large milling interests.
Mr. XV. F. McLean, M. P. for East York, while out on his horse last week had the misfortunate of getting < legs broken. His seat in the H in consequence be vacant for the greater part of the session just opened.
The Montreal Gazette (daily) is offered by the publishers to be sent to any address in Canada or the United States for the Session of the Dominion Parliament, for one dollar. The Gazette's correspondence and reports are always exceedingly fair and moderate.
Sale.—The stock and effects of the late James A. Armstrong of Radford, are to be disposed of by public late residence, by H. Hobbs, on Satur day March 25th. See posters for partie ulars.
As yuu seem to have no correspondent up here for some time and being in the way of moat of the important news and of the travelling public up here, I will try to till the bill.—In the first place we are having a regular old time March with storms and enow, and last Sunday we had rain with thunder and lightning, turning Id at night, Monday coming in with cold and frost.
Mr. Sam Mollyneux and son of Dan-ford Lake were here Saturday.
Mr Sam Caldwell, (late of The Equity • atl) was the guest of Mr. T. and Mrs. R bert Farrell, Sunday and Monday
evening.
Miss Laurena Farrell left home Monday for Renfrew.
Mr. Hubert Farrell is able to be about
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
The Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon, will receive tenders for the build* Ing of six woodsheds at the following respective school houses, to wit : No. 2, 4, 10, 11,12, and 13. The tenders for any or all of them will be received up to 10 of the crock* a. m , of Saturday, 1st of April, 1899. Plana and spécifications can be seen at the Sec.-Treasurer’s office. Contractors’ pei mods! appearance at said meeting * 111 confer a favor.	Bv Order.
HUGH MATH EBON,
Sec-Treasurer,
72 MAIN ST.
HULL QUE.
Will attend Superior and Circuit Court at Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac District when required.
As I wuh on the way
mt
Ct*
JAS. HOPE & Co.
anufacturing stationers, booksel
lera, Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository f ibe Ottawa Auxiliary BilileSociety,Ottawa,Ont.
M
Shawville, March 26th, 1899
OTTAWA MAKKETS.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
ailiff of the superior court
Shawville Que., respectfully solicits engagements for any business! n connection with all Courtsi n the County. Collections made tnd prompt return «assured
B
The following are last Saturday’s quota, tions on the Ottawa market :
Peas 00 to 00 cent».
Oats, 30 to 32c.
Wheat, 00 to 00c.
Rye, 00 to 00c.
Buckwheat, 40 to 45c.
Barley, 50 to 00c.
Gay, $0 to $0 per ton.
Straw, $4 00 to $4 50 per ton.
Potatoes CO to 65c per bag.
Veal, 4 to 5c per lb.
Lamb, G to 8c |a*r lb.
Butter, print, 14 to 1G cents.
Butter, tub, 13 to 14 cents.
Egg;, fresh, 11 to 12 cents.
Eggs, stored. 10	00 cents.
Apple;, |2 50 to $3 50 per bbl. Tomatoes, 15 cent; per gallon.
Hide;, rough, 6 1 2c per pound
is recovering.
Visiting and patching quilts is all the rage here.
Our Carriager-maker is leaving here. What will the fair sex do ?
one of his oust?, will
again
" Miss Edith Farrell, who had been ill last week, it is thought, went out too ___j and got a relapse, and is now so bad that the services of Dr. Gaboury, the family physician, had to be called in; bui we hope she will soon be about again.
Mr. T. Keys of Vinton, was at Otter
Lake House Monday.
Mr. T. Ptlletier, and Mr. J. Le may
were at Shawville Monday.
Mrs. D. Fleury and Miss M. L. Bris-bois went to Shawville Monday and 1 think we w ill soon hear of a wedding.
Mr. Nap. Laviolette, and chum, Jerry, left for Crow River Monday.
Mr. Nap. Laviolette got a cold dip in the farm lake Monday, whilst cutting ice.
Mr. J. Thomson, Gov’t. Bush Ranger, was at the Otter Lake House Tuesday.
Mr. Jas. Robertson, foreman for Gil lies'Bros., and Mr. Ben Young of Shaw assed here today on the way to
Sorry
Look out for a new store soon. Don’t wait until the mountain (or precipice as it in called) m removed oft* the town line, but go ahead ; this is a good stand for the right person

St. Lawrence Hall,
soon
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Black Joe
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-clash Livery Attached.
Queen may Abdicate
PONTIAC HOUSF
THE RUMOR THAT HER MAJESTY HAS THIS IKTENTMN IS AGAIN CURRENT.

sale, at his

New York, March 19.—The London correspondent of the Sun says there has been a revival in court and diplomatic circles of the rumor that the Queen contemplates abdicating He rays Her Majesty’s physical powers are waning.

Shawville Produce Quotations-
I On Tuesday morning last Hon. John | F Wood, M. P. for Brock ville, and ExComptroller of Inland Revenue for the ! Dominion, was found dead in his room | at the Queen's hotel, Toronfo, whither , he had gone the day before. His death was attributed to hear failure. Deceased i was a gentleman of high character and well recognized ability. He was only 47 years of ago.
I Mr. McLeod Stewart, left Ottawa for
j England, where he has gone to complete the organization of the O. & G. B. Canal ¦ C°, A capital of £2,0(30,000, it is C. calcwfll,. said has been subscribed, and ten per
aet r," t ?is ;al
;lly, and especial!) commercial men. Fiee l>c deposited in one of the ( nimdian char ’bus meets all tialns. Good liter) In tend banks, thus giving the Company
OW Ladies’ and gents bicycle» ktg 1 for hire j1 ^1V	uecessa
i

j** VI
60 t«> 6&
38to 40
37 to 40
00
Oat;.................
PL‘ftS...............
Buckwheat............
Rye..................
Egg;, (fresh,).......
Wool.................
Butter...............
Pork per 100, dressed
B ef.................
Hay per ton.........
Calfskin;............
Hide;................
Pelfs...............
Turkeys..............
Geese................
r.
ville,
Crow River.
Mr. D Gillies, M. P. P , passed here
Wednesday en teute for the Crow River.
Mr. Robb, agent forGilnmur & Hugh
arrived at O terL ke Wednesday.
Mr. Sam Moorhead of Campbell’s Bay,
here Thursday on his way up from
Grove Creek and he
g
Deaths from Phthisis
I
12*
IN ONTARIO LAST M NTH MORE PERSONS DIED FROM CONSVMPTI N THAN
IN ANY PREVIOUS MONTH.
____#
Toronto, March 18 —The report of the provincial board of health for Februoy which will he completed next wv<k, win state that the number of dear lis fn n« consumption during tho past month i& the highest yet recorded in ’he province.
Two hundred and five people having died from this cause. The highest previous Chickens record for one month was 180.	Decks..
.. 10 to IS .... 14 to 15 4.75 to 5.00
4	00 to 4.50
5	50 to 7.00 .... 35 to OO
t

son
was
hi» mica mine near
lold the writet of this that the mine was
turning out far above the exptctatu .
and the quality is daily improving. They have now a large quantity ready for £ up-One block measuring •OxoO iiicnop, going a» a «ample to O:-
ero
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
ns
4*to 75. 7 to 8c.
5 to 5Ac, 5 to Gc-0 to 7c.
ment
Sam a&ya i»
tawa.
£
ry to do ,bu
ere
hi ness

\
•A
###PAGE###2###
#
COMPLETELY PROSTRATED.
but I am as 1 was made, and I’d like I ing it over since Mrs. Mather wen to know if crabs wasn't as good as | away, and at first it seemed hard tnu Secessioneis."	I	Eli and John should both have such
"Please mother, never mind/* Isaac I good luck, and only Slut», be the one said, pleadingly, and his voice always I to suffer."
quieted the fiery woman, who listened I
while Rose read of Kli s good fortune,	_______?----------- I Mr. Win. Uoodard, a well known
and made another terrible mistake by	CANADIAN NORTH LAND.	farmer living near Kaowlton, Que.,
stumbling upou Jimmies opinion of	van auian ______ •	ays"A few years ago my health
Isaac's sickness.	—gave weyend 1 was completely
She only read, "He is not long for imimriaiit Dlicsverlm Anuounmi by 11 r trated. The least exertion would use this world, * but that was enough to I i.«»w, of mr i-eologlcsl Serif/, 1,1 me up and make it difficult for me to bring a flush to his brow, and blanch |	L»t»r.*l»r.	| breathe
bis mother's chock; while, with a gush of tears, Hose hid her face in Susan a lap, and sobbed ;
“I wish 1 had not come
k quvlM c Furiuer Telle Haw ¦« Wee Ke Mlurrd From Almael Hopeleee liffrrlag le Couiplrle H allh

I Love and VVar***»
A STORY OF SLAV FRY OAY5. Bv MARY J. MOLMI S.

(To Bo Continued.)

vt/
<1/
lib
W
pres-
559 F

1 suffered from headaches interesting report has been I had no appetite, and fell off in weight
until 1 was reduced to 190 pounds Finally I grew so bad that I
him devotedly for the manly vrlues which made him the noble, unselfish It was a daughter of one of the sol- man ^ W;UJ rapt. Car l et on and J i indie is whose mother was sick and had m{l p^li could «ympaihi/o with hef sent to Airs. Mather for some little {(vti ull,i imdipations fur better than delicacy. Such calls were frequent at	|iad done; but never once dur-
the Mather house for the soldiers did iug jl6r Lrief married life had she alum receive their pay regularly, and lowe(l jUMStdf to wonder w hat h r loi tKere was much destitution among mjgbl jjive	had it been cast with
their families, who, but for Hose’s lib- .,eu.,|e |,ke the Car le tons. And since j • rality would have suffered far more	husband's death anything wlneh
than they did. As freely as water, her lookoi( away from that grave by the money was used to relieve their wants, churchyard gate seemed so terrible to and now, forgetting Jimmie and his her that now, as she recalled Mrs Car Pequot, she entered at once into 1 tw leton’a questionings, and guessed what little girls story, and when told that h;i(1 prompted them, every nerve quiv-the sick woman had expressed a wish erV(| wj,h pUin, which could only be to see her she said, " 1 11 go now; g^hed by a visit to George’s grave there s Juke just come in. I’ll have There, on the turf which covered him. him harness the horses and take you	had wept out many a grief, and
home. It must be a mile or more to Hhv started for it now, the villagers youi house.	watching her as she passed their doois,
Hose usually acted upon her impulse, and curiously speculating, as people and wta soon in her cuviuge xvith a will, upon the time td eome whan ih«	lU	UJtlli.M	iiu,i»>u'.s Uay. on
a zsuixassa ssi »'.£ a Aacwtua *».» - ^	«%%% sfa	*•
much and enjoying it the more for Rockland dead.	to l^e wall where neither his mother	what he	has produced ni his fourni	(a fajr trjal
the unmistakable signs of envy and Already the gossips of the town were	nor Susan could see, he thought of	visits to	the same country, should be v!l>re Weak and ailing people	h ive
wonder which she detected in the faces coupling her name with the CarJetons,	what Rose had read, and wondered it	of value	in more ways than une, af-	heon	„iade strong, active and	ener
of her companions as she neared her <hp majority giving her to Tom. the	it were true. lie was not afraid to	fording the basis on which to build a	gt.tir	l#y u.jng j>r Williams'	Fink
humble home in the hollow. Rosebud elder, and more worthy of the two. A die. lie had been very near death correct geographical idea and con- pj||s tkau hy any other means I’hev a^ked I ruth her mother and Annie to whisper of this gossip had been borne once before, and hid not shrunk from firming or disusing of the vague f|ll fl)e veins with new vigorous accomiKiny her, but they had declined, to Mra Carleton wh ». while pretend- meeting it as death. It was only the rumors and repris which have been	„m| strengthen every nerve in
and for a time after Rose s departure, jng to ignore it, hid felt troubled as “y*ng from home he dreaded so much, from time to time circulated as to the ,Jlt. luH|y Sold by all dealers at r»0 they sat together in perfect silence, *he recalled all the incidents of Jim- asking to live till he could see his mo- mineral wealth of the Lubradot pemn- ovnts a |K>X| (>r H[x txixes for $2 50 or while a curious train of th night was mie«s vta|t at home Then, ah n the Hier «gain, and the grass growing by su|u. In regard to the latter, his let- _,,nt 1)y mfl,| hy addressing the 'l)r. p.ussing through the minds of each. An- suspicion came to her that the woman the cottage door, and the violets l»y the ter confirms the former statements as williams' Medicine Co., nie w agitation when Rose read " Pe- ^hom Home had taken into her house- Nvel«. And God had taken him al his to deposits of magnetic iron ore on the ()nt quot ” for " paragon," had surprised hold warn possibly identical w ith t he word. He h id lived to see his mother, shores of Hudson s Ray. He has com Mis. Carleton while what she had said gjr/ New jj0ndon. whose name hhe t(> ipel .the touch of her rough liands pieted the survey of the coast from of the girl and her aunt had awakened	cou|d ntg re mem In* r, she felt for ft	upon hi a hair ; to hear her voice, «1-	Cape Wc-s ten holm to	Great Whale
a feeling of disquiet and suspicion,	moment greatly diaturl>e<l. t here was	ways kind to him, calling him her "Iky	river. , Five hundred	mile# <>f coast
Mr# Carleton was proud of her own a fierce struggle with her pride, a	‘,(>y •	t0 1 n°	the green grass by	the I line have now been charted, the half
and her husband’s family—proud of her r|lkSe reasoning with herself, and 1 hen	door,	and the	violets by the well.	Hut being entirely new work, and prewealth, and proud of her position. Not i )lpr better nature triumphed, and her	a*M.s • Hid not sutfice. He want- viously dinscribed only in the roughest
offensively so, but in that quiet, as- heart went out very kindly toward t<; live longer,--live to be a man, xvay. Mr. Low’s rejiort confirms f r
sured kind of way so natural to the poor Annie, at that moment standing l,i0 |‘‘i and John ; live to do good; live mer statements ay to the existence of (doubt, must be very curious, that the htghi\ bred Bostonias. It was this hy her husband’s grave, and wonder- to take care of his mother; live to hear CO(j jn the waters of north-eastern pride which had prompted her to resort	ing why her thoughts would keep	the notes ot victory borne on the north-	Hudson's Bay. As to	the extent he
to so extreme measures with the boy	| straying away tn t be wayward young	c u breeze, as the redorai 1 lug floated	(|OPM not pretend to be	able to speak
Jimmie, when she found how much he man w ho had Imen a traitor to his , llri oveF ,an<l and sea. All this was	Low’s intention at this tim
was interested in the little Pequot, country but was trying to atone by | uor|P living for, and Isaac was young writing, in December last, was to pro- |What it has gained of late years In and when, during Jimmie’s brief stay ! voluntarily bearing th«- hardships pf • to d?e—only nineteen, and looking (.e6(i un exploration of the region in Rockland, she, with a mother’s % private's life when a better was of-I !fuee ir* younger. It was very surrounding Tngava Bay, whence he quick intuition, detected in him signs fered him. He hid asked if she would i |Vr<1’ and t he dark eyelashes closed wm deVote attention to looking over of interest in Annie Graham, her pride | , Link he did right, and the question i !f !,	vT<> keep buck the tears »s	the	(jip islands in the northern part of	| ceding	18312
again took fright, and she was half had shown i hat h** cared for her good , " hito^ Iips tried to pray, 1 liy will	be	Hudson's Ray. Mr. Low speaks of 1 he
glad to have him go from the. possible opinion. Yes, she did think he was ‘ "nc-	w ls "hat they meant t(> ad vantages which he has found in the
temptation. Something in the nobler right, and she i «solved to send him a | 111	, ’ bul f here came instead the first uso ()f skies for travel in the snow,
part of the woman’s nature told her message to that effect when Hose	, Saviour taught, They are, to his mind, far superior to
how wrong the feeling was, while each 1 wrote to him next. There w'as no wrong	. UI	* other I	that was a,J i	1 hv snow-shoep for rapid transit, and adds NewsiHI
day some new development of Annie # to i he dead in the thought, and her I very	?l ime. oI I.at,ier brought a	(h;it the Kskiino around where he has	irrecoverable loss of
gentle Christian character, made the tears dropped »ust as fast upon the !	10,0 .lsu,01 hcart- ...	..	been have become quite expert
EH™-- = i	u
3^sï a(£îsE%is.
is f àisp EiiHyËii i niEum1
,i: ilm	,—th.»	EH | ¦
e<‘ 'Dnk «»«r T	• i W1S4 the a verjr Pretty picture, in hcr dark so much since his return, and which the xvas at one time one of the largest
rle thin likt. a vJw Ynrk.r Wpr. vuu ?u;,r i-nglish violets ou the round out, and the sliver .spoons marked with |llSi century it had a great number born in New l’mrHn.ir	?.**¦ l»ble, and their sweet perfume (he widows maiden name, and a white 0f chapels .nd monastic institutions,
¦ Yes—'in r„n,,, fi,.„i •• Annie snid flUw’ 'he room into which Iltuie came napkin was on the tray ; and Isaac, who „h of which, except the rums of All
And then Mrs {'arletnn ma le -, .real d“"'‘in^- l"‘' e>es lining like stars, enjoyed such things, knew why it was Saints Church, have been washed a»av blunder hvaskinZ n«T? m d B	and her cheeks so brilliant a color that all done that particular night, just ns bv (lie sea. And now a number of
" WeFe vnii Hum in nr near V,w Ton	"'l<tou Argali directly lo wonder if the widow knew why, at bed-time, be prlVBlt residences have been swept
don.’ I have been ,h -re eVnl t i^ies 'hfre wa>n't M,me <’aint ,here "	>>ked Susan to read from Revelation. int0 the deep, and the remainder of
and m-.v knoxv X-!,. r flmilv ™	ihe widow was nut ill her best mood, vn. Ui. "They shall hunger no more, lhc village is threatened with destruc- the usual indemnity and got the
mmBBBHBsmanm
arEHEBCiE I BBS™™	Hr
Thu, ,h„... «..h	I snsya s a itt.Tr: ar^ssr.jun	-   “ * “ ’
pAs.rirs -r - «¦* — - *»- ,«aiwrs
ing 1° herself, ,	r they cailed it now, and Isaac always | her room she dropped in her quick, de-1	days for a short time refused to hand
"1 may as well go further now I shuddered when he heard the name and fiant way into the high-hacked chair,	“	'	over in exchange for its own notes,
have commenr eil with being rude,’ #he thought of what he suffered there. and sitting stiff and straight, tried to	DUMAS UNDONE.	they were presented by a Jew, whose
inued, " Pardon me. Miss (» iaham, Isaac was very weak and pale, and face the future. It could not be that	,-	assertion that he had bought them
if I seem inquisitive, but T cannot help his face looked like that of some young Isaac had only eoiue home to die—God L	%ie.r.s ...	to Hr..rh ,.lv was not disputed, and who.-e personal
feeling interested m one to whom Rose girl as lie lay among hi# pillows, in | would not deal thus harshly with her.	iimii of Mahon.h«.m	integrity was above suspicion. They
is so greatly attached and I do not tho preiiy dressing-gown which Rose He had s]kired Kli and John. He had	‘	hid. however, undoubtedly been stolen
remember that f ever heard any of had bought and Annie had made for | promoted them both, and He would not If i* R proof of the high degree of and on that ground the bank refused youi history before your husband went	him.	He was sleeping when Rose take Isaac from her. The boy was get-	elaboration to	w hich fiction	literature	io pay the money. The Jew went
to war.	I do not	ex en know you r maid-	came	in, and the wodow s ‘Hus-sh," I ting better, he was mending every	jn ^kjna jj.ls	been carried	that most	°u* *nt0 Hie city and began to spread
came	warningiy as a greeting, but day, or, at least, she had thought so,	, . .  ' ,	_ .. . . .	.	‘ .	_	it abroad that the bank was shaky,
came	too late, for Rose’s blithesome until Rose "Mather came with her	1,1 ^‘:1 no'*‘	' ' u *v	1,1 <l,8Pers~	and couldn't cash has notes, and as lie
voice	had roused him, and his glad, I message of evil. Why could not	ed with poems	of all orders	of merit.	! hacked his assertion by displaying his
welcoming smile more than counterbal- R<xse have stayed at home ? Why need No stronger evidence could be af- indisputable paper, the assertion anced the frown which settled on the Rhe come there and leave such a sting	forded of the fact that whatever they	would in all probability soon	have
Excuse ! widow’s fac t when she saw her boy behind f The widow was growing very	lack it is not literary finish. If any-	caused a run on the bank, and	in a
disturbed. Rose was accustomed to the! hard and wicked • toward poor little	thing, they have this in excess,	few minutes a messenger came to say
widow's ways, and throwing i.i’f her | thoughtless Rose, and her heart lay	These poems arc introduced in a	ihat the notes would he cashed	if he
shawl and untying her hat, she set hke a stone in her bosom, as for an	variety of ways. 'I ho hero sends one	would present them again. :
HHHHHIH&n'i boar or more she sut in her high-back- in a billet doux to the heroine, or lie who while giving me every advantage [drawing .Timmies letter from her poc- **d chair, thinking of the boy whose low overhears her singing one, or perhaps in the way of education, kept before ket began:	breathings she could hear from the a poetic contest is struck up, the fine
e so constantly the fact th it T was	"I’ve got such splendid	news foi	n,*xt room.	He was sleeping, she	on defeat being	generally	the coman object of charity that it embittered	you, Mrs. Simms—at least,	1 think 1	thought, and	she would steal softly to	pulsory	drinking	of	so	many	extra
every moment of my life, and when	have. es, I ku-»w it’s sure to come	his side and see if it was written on his	flagons	of wine.
George offered me his love I accepted !	true. Eli is going to be a	lieutenant,	face, that his	days were numbered. But
it gladly, finding in	him	the	only real j with twelve hundred dollars a year. | Isaac was not asleep, and he knew the
friend	t had	known	since	tho day I | Such n heap of money for him ; and moment his mother bent over him, and
it's all Jimmie's doings, too. He would turning toward h r, he whispered,
T know why you are up so late,
Listen to what I mother; and what you are here for. You
are thinking of what Mrs. Carleton saH, and wondering if it is trut
CHAPTER XX.—Continued
A very
eceived by the Duininion Government I'm always I from Mr. Low of the Geological Sur-
i
was
f * * r	to	my	m in lined
doing wrong when l mean to do the I vey gtaff who is engage*! in explora-I (here for several months. 1 was
-	£-M trJ
He don’t know.*' .	of Moose Factory, Abbitibbi Lake ami pjnk l»iJl^ and I procured two boxes.
Hose's distress was too genuine not Lakv Temiscamingue. It was in \\ hen 1 had f nished them I could not
N-......... >"	%
said something kind of Jimmie, who present expedition, laking vch-l i<	„f my friend, who said that in my
had so generously preferred Eli to him Quebec to lligolet, on the i.ubrudor condition 1 could not expect to see im-seif. But there was a restraint over COJlHt making connection with the mediate results. I continued taking
5S2SS*.."ti2Si x*ffiss «*- - w .............- - ;r' :‘r;ï : Wd asysriis ass
conversation. Rose bade a hasty gisal which makes an annual tup lu 11 that they were helping me, and it need-l ye. and went out from the house to | coutpany'w posts on Hudson’s Bay. The | ej no further persuasion to induce me which she had brought more sorrow than joy.
ok
>
nformation which Mr Low w ill be | to continue, them. In the course of n few
«• - •*< ---• “"'r; i	AuatS’AS:
lions in the legion lying la lue» n |qlvse results certainly justify (he
I he west, and the f.,jth I have in Dr. Williams' Pink
i
give
ilrovkville.
BANK OF ENGLAND’S PROFIT
lliirltsv F»rl> leurs l’rrmlliii; IHJ» Vi Unde ïH.VWVi.» 1M» on OulMluHtllng l*i*per*
It is a fact, that to many minds, no
I’ank of England has always had a pretty steady source of profit in the
of loss and destruction of its banknotes.
ibis way we are unable to say, but during a period of forty years pre-
the bank had made a bar profit of $5,500,000 from out-
standing paper never likely to be presented for payment, says the London When the dial ruction or the
be
a note can 111 proved, as in the event of a fire ora wreck it can, the bank, of course, will
always pay the money, and even when there is doubt about it, the cash is | paid on security being given lor in-| demnify ing the bank should/ the note ewr be pie-enied. The $31)0,000 worth <>f paper — or $100,000, as it appears to have been reduced to — taken from Parr's li nk, will therefore not represent the lotis unless the crisp little billets have some day, to be duly honoured at the Hank of England counter. In that vase the cash paid in exchange for them will have to comti out of the coffers of
And so

THE HUNGRY SEX
wife of a mechanic
She
ally *wallnwr«1 Ip
Reports from Dunwich, A Id borough and Southwold, three towns on the
recent hurricanes
on the shore. Dunwich has suffered
n the coast. This
l LIE PLUNDERED BANK
Many years ago a bank director lost a note for $150,4)00. Rut bvi ig a man of credit, and as there was no doubt about the loss of the bill, be gave
ly
en name.
Annie's heart lient almost and her cheeks were very red, as she replied,
udihly
" My father was Dr. Howard, and I was Annie Louise Howard me, Mrs. Carleton, if I cannot talk much of my girl-life after my parents died. It wse not a happy one. r was wholly dependent upon my aunt, down on the foot of Isaac's bed
ONE AGAINST THE OLD MAN
He was tho son of a worthy citizen, and he had just returned from college, His father was a brusque, malter-of-Wine drinking and versification al- fact mau, who had no liking for anything	ho
with sorrow that his son returned with the latest thing in collars, and various other insignia of fashion. The old gent L man surveyed him critically when he appeared in his office, and then blurted out:
" Young man you look like an idiot. ' Just at that moment, and before the young man had time to mike a fitting reply, a friend walked in.
"Why, halloa Billy! Have you returned?' he asked. "Dear me. how much you resemble your father?
"So he has been telling me,' replied
I I

t
m *d invariably go together in Chinese novels, though whether they' do so in real life we are unable to say.
Above all things, eve1*)» man who sets up to he anything in the way of a hero in Chinese fiction must be pared to extemporize by the ream in inimitable poetry.
was an orphan.
Annie was trying now, and excusing not have the off < -• u-e h. did not
think he deserved it he says. '
Doth the Widow and Susan

f
F
herself sh» left, the parlor and repair ho
ment spent itself in
as she recalled all th*. dreadful years close to Rose now the frown all gone j guess ’tis, mother, for 1 don t get any when .she was subject to the caprices ! from the widow's brow, and the pucker ! stronger, and my cough hurts me so.
of the most capricious of women, w hi i from hr mouth; hut both caine back in Dut I'm not a bit afraid to die now,	THE SUREST CURE
had attempted to force her into a » thrice, ns blundering Rose read on with you beside me up to the very last
marriage with a millionaire, of sixty , about "Hophni, ' and "Phineas,** and minute. In Richmond it was differ-	| They	.say	that Nell Gadlcigh has brok-
nnd had driven her to accept fh<* love "Kii,'* till she came to the “crabbed," «nt: and Ï prayed mo hard that God	en	off	her	engagement with	Harry
w hich George Graham had offered her.	which she called "crab-apple," “nd than	would let me come back,	if only to	Higplnaon.
He had not been h r equal from an in-	«topped short, h r face a perfect blaze,	drink	from the well and	then die on	A es,	she says he was so affectionate
tellMtunl point of view, and none •:*» she tried to apologize.	j the grass hem'-de it. He did let me that he wearied her.
knew J hie fact better than Annie h*r- "Tain’t wulh while to soap it over," c me, and now we mustn't may any- Oh, if that was all, why didn't ehe self But he was the kindest/#*&der-	<h* widow said, fiercely. "1 be a crab-	thing	if He does not let jne stay biit a
ont of husbands, and	loved	I	1 «‘pose, ami a gnarly one at that	little	hit of a while. I've	been tbink-
own room, where her exeiteen rs and sobs
pre
1
were
Billy.
.	. w . .	.	And from that day to this the old
wearisome^ par" of ( done with the g nt lemon has hid no fault to find

I




	
SÈL


	
###PAGE###3###
1
#
- -.. *
PÜÜIÜÜ1
heaven tu "'«MJ l“ lu|ll, t)B gtarted «lory in riding higher anil blither, anil
“t, u « «ni, “a ‘*s	,
ËliiMlpæl-ü?
Ue plant* hl» footstep* In the «es, And ride* upon the Hiorm.

"THEY SDNB A HEW SONB,"
STUPENDOUS PROJECT OF ENGLISH ENGINEERS IN EGYPT.
REV. DR. TAI.M AGE PREACHES ON THE ANTHkM OF HEAVEN.
m inkmd,
grow* nd the yui*
unlike
strong in her old from thf ingenious triumph of Joseph of Biblical fame, who fun ed the Nile
science
to pay homage lo the .starving province of Fayum, tip to the present day. have revealed wonders md yielded riches >»e-yond me a hu re L<* the reapers of her
When time was young
the theater
THE FIRE TEST FOR ORCS
Il,e A«Miyrr« IN-leimlne Ihe AnIne nl | frujtfu| noil
iha v i ley --f the .Nile w ¦ ^ ihe process of us ertaining the v:| 1UH I (>f f, gigantic and nueceM.sful venture,
of mineral-bearing rock is j (||m which, in the light of the nineteenth century, is a puzzle to scholar# and .‘¦cientists—the erection of the pyra-
Ilow
new soilg
Nttnrh all the cities of Kurope ami
America have conservatories <»f nulMi<%* tuul associations, whoso object it is. b.v
advance the
.Hn hi pint From * Winn».
>
of a piece
the ore is first pulver-
It is
interesting
voice and instrument, to art of sweet sounds. On I hursday night*. Kxeter Hall, of Loudon, used to resound with the music of first-class performers, who gave gratuitously to the inassesjl^H |
In with free tickets, and huzzaed at the entertainment. At Berlin, at eleven o'clock daily, the military bund, ^ ^ (langes are with sixty or fine hundred instru- (.|H jHt jaIl man or woman meats discourses at the royal opera- minutes ago, depart* . know it—
titu'lea to the churches to listen to or going bai k, as	y	#uji round	"good-bye in the lull "I
fair-duv of Leipsic comes, the bam notes of that anthem «	jt	meet to-night in church,	it is
; r-r fcssrrs
with incessant playing of flute, an ;mmmnce ilH aweetness.	Xi***	•	will lower, and tin- audience will	he
horn violin, and bassoon. At Dusse -	((>8tf enchanted, dumb, wt	ew	gone. Hut there are no	separations,
wait upon the great singing festiviH. ^ glory bear it from bench 1 > J ,>|pasu,i(, because we are always losing
of silver and gold. I hose who fl(jng \\ @ are distinctly told n. ^ f,,|(l	i used, each milligram m the result te-
oan sing well or play skilfully upon m,ikes reference to past d*	' If the first day we enter heaven we
There are many whose most ecstatu )m<1 ^ ^ a night song. 1 h‘ât .	.1	som-*thmg new to hear, something new
delight is to be fourni in melodies; and Christian suitor-boy that ha< \	to see. Many good people suppose iiMf
Z'Zà EH.'FIl-IHJ, ! ta„ MJ......................................................................
msmm	^ ehbe ehbi tHir
song of hot lead! song of aie. A". n# >e<1 heaven, to count the towers, to at0 #>f s0,l<t borax and litharge, or pro- j lisks that now stand in t entrai Dark when I he organ-pipes peal ou riU examine the trophies, to gaze upon t < (oxide of lead ; sometimes flour is add- jQ	York, on London's Th unes Km
STS’» rvft —% Avis —t's'S-‘Isss-iir ™ - *- - -c-
weeping through the cadences ^ The streets new !	1 he temp e tew. (urd of t(jti ore. >ome heavy lend °r|feet hlgh jn .#|ilCes
...... ........ h..,™ « iir^rs—r—i	T nsvjsrrta. %	sarsr sssvatfiWfso:. KrnrtoS,ftM,sa
hear, from tho temple of Hod, and the the heavenly worshippers slM*\	h'M»mg thoroughly to ulwe,Htu“<1 \	lead	require	litharge in larger quail- j abo*e and below the dam will bo forty-
ESfWZ#-# i	: iBaæSS
1er in among the favored throng, but |ieil IIlolhei will sing of the	on the infinite rudi »t ceiesti V, , . !, flux, but has no other advantage over .* UU(| mher traffic of the region.
God will mA deny us the pleasure of that death robbed; andf the en“ir'* n dors, where the oceans ot delur i met , the common salt. If «here is an excess .. j h#1 c^ntraders present what looks
EwsS	rSSSi	EsE SrSSE
of the grief that started >neni.	I he old preachers, in descri >i g	white heat t.» receive it.	: incentive for them to live up to their
It will be tin nce.au- arrows of the lost, used la•	'	1 ITie furntvee contains a fireclay oven ag,eement, the first payment by tbo
nanied song, some have i great pre- ,heir hands iud -linn. 1 ^e *	called a muffle, which is made wl.Lh F.gvptian government is not to he made
iudire against musical instrument-; corns !" “lh» wrath to coni •	m opening at the back to permit me un;ij the XVork lH completed and nccept-
and even among those who like them, day I lift up my hands, and b<> g	fumes from the crucibles to escape, j p(l credit is a long one, certainly,
there is an idea that they are unauth- wards the great futute, M>.	J - Usually half tin hour or forty minutes and its present actuarial value cannot
ori/.ed 1 cannot share in such pre- to come !” I he "1ms to « om	is required to reduce the contents of. be much in excess of <10,000,(MHl. The
iud ices when l remember bow bod Oh, to wander on he ' ,nk. 1 the crucible to a volatile state. xs hen ;lhility nf Kgypt to make such a fav-has honoured ihem. 1 love the cyin- bright riv-r, and y*'	(> r,‘ finil M\\\: the action in the crucible has ceased I oruble contract, by which she nppar-
bals for Israel clapped them m little further down we sha 1 i n	; the contents are poured into a metal ; ent|y takes little risk, and is t.> pay
SKË9R
many ; and I have sometimes thought |oU8 woods of earth and heaven there to near u	,,, give, when l say | he silver button is weighed on the	tarinn. A few years ago the officials,
that this "new song” may he partly may not he made instrument* of oeles- '' 1 *’ "	'	f	(;er,nJn nation will button balance and is then parted	intent upon damming the Nile at the
made up of sweet strains of earthly t|ai accord. In that worship David mat “ . K. fuu voices into the immersing it in nitric arid. I he acid first cataract, caused a wave of indig-m uslc mingled in eternal choral. Hut toav take the hnn>. and ilabakku the pout	F érv!o<ly knows the dissolves the silver and leaves the gold | tion to sweep across the continents,
it will, after nil, be a new song. This iHhigionoth; and when the great mul- new song. •	. African for sing- in the form of fine, black dust. 1 hft The Nile would he dammed—yes—but
1 do know, that in sweetness and ( hudes shall, following their own in-, nat uni K	(	, bis continent like parting is done in an «mealing cup. M(, would England's honor. ac< ord-
nower it will be something that ear j di nat ions, take up ins’ruments ewe*. - mg. Ao wng »*	churches in the The gold is washed and dried and the . tf) t he |ate sir Frederick Leighton,
never heard. All the skill of the old- j er than Mozart ever fingered, or Sell u- that (U th ^	^ to Rich- cup is placed in the muffle ami heat- who rPm:irk,»d that "any tampering
harpers of heaven will he flung mann ever dreamed of. or Beethoven - south.	1	rii ,r lest on wants to ed to a red heat, which anneals 1 *1 ^	! w î t h ancient Phi I ne would be a I a.stint n it. All the love of Gods heart i ever wrote for, let all heaven make ; mona ot	•	• - l$ut when not gold, bringing it into a compact ïiihss	j blow on the British occupation of
will ring from it. In its cadence the ready for the burst of stupendous hear ' h“ -	.	| bit continent and giving it its true gold color. I he	Kgypt." For it would mean the subfloods will clap their hands, and it minstrelsy, and t he roll of the vternut : only hitnopm.	i(s band*, and all gold is transferred to the tray <>“ |hej merging of the famous temple of Kotn-
will drop with the sunlight of ever- orchestra!	of darkness mi i <eal volume of button balance and weighed. I be Ombos, part of the town of Assuan, and
lasting day, and breathe with odours	Further: it will be an anticipa- Africa pouis «	_that will be weight of the gold is deducted from aJso the c|af4Hic groves and temples of
from the blossoms of the tree of life. livt4 Mmgi Why, my friends, heaven , voice into	. t %Q {^H are all j the weight of the silver button, giving 1h#, jM|an,| 0f Philae, for months nt a
“A new song"—just made for hen- ^ is hardly begun yet. If you had music lor you. * millions of child- the weight of the silver.	time.
7en	taken the opening piece of music this	the sixteen " «imiied to have gone The button balance is an exceedingly And so from then on the utilitarians
Bfanv earthly songs are written by evening for the whole service, you	ren that are c*	of voung and delicate piece, of mechanism. It is kept ; Rnd archeologists hive been splitting
composers just for the purpose of wl,u|d not have made so great n mis- into glory, ana n»	people the in a glass ease, and the weighing is.	f>v(.r their several propositions
making a tune ; and t lie land is flood- ^ike as to suppose that heaven is fully	old that hci eai	,ari1	done with the ease closed, in order that | striving to effect a compromise w here
with note-books in which really inaugurated. Festal choruses on	tearth and mua “«	' V it aR up! the air currents in the room may not j . ltlP march of civilization may con
valuable tunes are the exception. But earlh last only a short) while. The Oh! the new souk ‘ sweetness! affect the beam. The balance is so fjnup without trampling upon i hi oiio* in a while a man is wrought up faiuaUs musical convocation at Dusse I- {Multiply »(	" u.rmonv! Crown delicate that the vibrations caused >y t rM«u re-groves of antiquity,
bv some great spectacle, or moved by d()rf ended with tho fourth day. Our Pour into it evei> >	^ j, with a r»er.son walking across the rojun near
some terrible agony, or transported holidays last only eight or ten.days; it with ^ery f '»''".’ h with every them will effect the result. A strand hr some exquisite gladness, and he lmt heaven, although singing for so every splendou	llea, height, of maiden hair will turn the bn Lime
gits down to write a tune, or a many years, has only just begun "the glory! Toss "	t(, tlie grandest as if it were a young mans head. Ill
ü» lEllêl ; IlSSSi Ül;il|
1 All Chine is yet to be saved. All *arth »hall	.Q |he high- nar3r	1
to be	All Borneo the Gospel— ulery to	F
a crusher or mortar
ized in ¦¦¦PUPU	¦
then	I ini<
is obtained small enough for conven- another scene equally wonderful, the lent handling. A ' split" is a aeries resUR 0f wh>'-h (pil of trough* alternating wit h a series of |din desert from a track less stretch of slits equal in number and »•/» to the patched sands to a glowing Kgyptian
Half of the sample is
time the
I he curtain is alx»ut. to rise on
tin
their services in who came
nsfoim the Nu
i
re-
garden.
Mr. Frederic (’<»ui • land Penficld, ex
troughs retained in the troughs every
Our happy gatherings cm earth are hilled by the thought I hut soon
I hanksgiving
and the rail
rowilvd.
who, ii fcw
This
consul-general in Kgypi, tells us, in
scholarly »f whit is to be
passtid through he split
repeated until the quantity
1 he sample
ore is
ami
the February Century, in
must separate
pnsjess is
is sufficiently reduced thus obtained in spread upon ing board," a metal plate fastened on
It is then red no-
a lid fascinating way one of th*1 must brilliant triumphs of
i r**
buck-
We have a time llut soon it. is “good bye" "
st reel,
"good-
XV e
civil engineering—harnessing the Nile and erm; wiling "it t > surrender mag oil richness to the soil,"
To create in i he heart '»f the
ke having from two
its
firm foundation
a
lie
uiul
eel to powder by rolling it writ a which is
a heavy iron sledge
The
says
African desert i to three times i he superficial area
1er "
with a smooth convex surface wimple ia usually pulverized until H pass through a sixty mesh, or
good
,f
Like Geneva, in awii/crl'ind, and n-
w ill
sometimes even an eighty-mesh sieve. In this condition the ore is called pulp.
The essayer uses weights which ire proportioned to the commercial weights an assay ton, consisting of lV,lMi grams,
a ton of ore
trol it with
SCIENTIFIC PRECISION
so that the impounded flood may turned into distant ch'nneis at will,
Ne.v-
no
is n stupendous undertaking." erttndeas the engineers have (wi fect-H(| their plans duw n to t Iih minutest detail 4 even to k‘omi>ut ing 1 he exact volume of iviter which will enrich HO
I he ro-
und greet the successful competitors and «8 the prizes are distributed
vases
presents an ounce of
the previous metal
miles of now barren sand-
"British contractors have agreed hat the dam that is to 'hold up the historic river on which Cleojmtra floated in her gilded barge, and on which Mo es w is cradled, will be completed by duly I. 190H. ft will be built of granite ,.,-h'er,
Usually half ail u*s >
ion
to the ton of the pulp is used, and the result is
then multiplied by two to get the number of ounces to the ton.
gee
ne i
ruining
there were no great and transporting
Passing along our 3treetn
bar monies In Ilit* hour of worship, you hear the voice of sacred melody, although you do not enter the building. And paas-

Jt will be seventy-sir ind, with its .ip-
!



they «img a new song.1'
Lei none aspire to that blessed place who have n«> love for this exercise, for
i he
and
!
Ill, Further


although it is many ages since thrones were set, and the harpe were sung, there has been no cessation in the song, excepting once for thirty minutes; and judging, from the glorious things now Gods world and i he ever-accumulating triumphs of the Messiah, that was tb‘ last half-hour, that heaven will over l-e silent.
I Mark the fact that this waa a
a Im *u t
transpiring in
new
harmonies
eat
i ;

•book of thr dkaiv

which for
An Egyptian papyrus
hid been lying among the
I
ihe Itovnl Library at
r,


The
in a mysterious way.
"Ood moves
yis wonders to perform;




















###PAGE###4###
«
A. L. HANDFORD,
PHOTOGRAPHER,
to west to Lake Temiacaming, a distance
mêkê^kêêêèêêbê
edTby8th«hGrand Congress of Col’,j‘IZiU‘H“ of the Province of Quebec at Montreal
have id-

1
The Gqutiy.
the one that was endure-
House-
Cleaning.
•oui» time ago. The promoter, teioiled theC. P. U in the .cheme
WILL HK AT THE
SHAWVILLE, MARCH 23, 1899

Pontiao House Gallery
FIRST FRIDAY


THE DOMINION PARLIAMENT.
The Session Opened last Thursday
by Lord Mints.
Those who read the report ot the meeting at Dry eon on the 8th mat. in the news columns of last week’s Advance, and then turned to the editorial comments of that paper upon the same subject will have difficulty in reconciling the tone of the two articles, particularly when the fact is understood that both are the product of the same pen. Whilst the report points out that the meeting
than ordinary significance, the editorial makes a savage effirt to turn the whole proceedings into ridicule Advance tells its readers with audacious

o

Latest Styles In Photos.
Prices Reasonable.
/
/fe
There was a large attendance on Par 1 lament Hill last Thursday to witness the arrival and departure of the Governor
General on the occasion • of opening Par ; and the same may be maid with
of the building
Rkmkmhkk the Dates
A.L. HANDFORD
i
I
Ye Housewife, lake a lo»k at the following list -
Ready-mixed Paint, Varnishes,
Dry Colors—all kinds,
Stains,
Enamels,
Whiting,
Kalsomine,
Alabastine,
Pearline,
Sapolio,
Brushes—all kinds, Window Shades,
Lace Curtains,
Curtain Poles, &c.
z
/>
Dament
regard to the interior where every bit of vantage ground, *u to apeak, was occupied. In point of attract-, the function compared favorably
Spring
was one of
m >rv
GENUINE......
SATISFACTION.
Inducements
The
iveneas
with any of past years.
The speech from the Throne read by Lord Minto was as follows :
Hon. Gentlemen
to those requiring
frankness that the meeting was organ feed, not in the interests of the canal scheme, but “ solely toattoiti an opportu
tiitv to Mr. Poupore to snatch what ever I Gentlemen of the House .d_,«e might be gained by ^
upon the gullible among his constituents,	f Majesty in this Dominion V
that the tremendous interests at stake ^tf ,rds me great pleasure to be able to justified the awful sacrifice he was pre congratulate y« u on the large degree ut
,.... a-;«s
pectfully commended to gentlemen of the ^ co„dition of the public revenues and Bryaon C >uncil, who we understand, were t»le increased number of immigrants who
I...lh. .....ins '..v.
together. Wo f»"cy it will reveal 11 L,othvr which m even more gratifying, phase of the question to their minds, ^ almost total ce s.ition of th * consider-
which had not met with previous conai Lbteexodus of our population, which at one
deration. Be that as it may, however, | lime was a regrettable feature of our a t'.'• Advance assures all and sundry that I fairs
the crowd saw through the game, and ^ neg,ltiatioll8 wh,ch were set on cons, quently much of the intended cff ct foQl during ^he recess be ween Her Maj discounted.”	osty’a Government and that of the l nited
Mr. Poupore» declaration, (to which States in reference to the settlement of
allusion is made above) that he will »ujv	^Y\he Tatter country, were !
pert the Government that helps to bu* la grieve to say, greatly delayed by the ill the canal, seems to constitute an un par- lie98 aluf subsequent death of two of the do imb'e crime in the eye» of the Advance, most eminent member. O the cmmiMion
go-.«-.•»-...MU -SÏÏsMB™.SÏÏ
and comfoitably over the political fence, | suhjoct3 submitted, but a serious disagree prophesies that the direst kind of retr.bu- 1 ment aru8e between Her Mnjvsty's cmiv tion will befall Mr. Poupore if he attempts | mi*si tiers and the commisssioners of the
.............» “*“>¦	„. I essï:
Not content with a venomous attat k a^a and’Alaska. The question wasreferr-i hi: proposed course, the Advance ^ hy the commissioners to their respec Ventures beyond the ordinary limits of nvo governments, the commission being
people have of the eff >rta he has been	the plebiscite.
petting forth in their behalf with regard %,& compliance with the act passed last
» % 21: | EJEB HHF
action of the Federal Government in the
•tightest (h .iee, or in any way effect the
f the great undertaking to I er coiintiy, Canada, and other 1
session• have recently adopt eu ^
* postage letter fate.
that the connection may bring place I whic^ action has been received by
tht- Canadian people is a further proof of the general desire existing amongst our
with 'he .Moth-
FURNITURE
Our lady friends will be pleased to see our new stock
of . . .
f the Senate
f Cmn nions
A «AIN we place before you for your approval our new stock of
PRINTS
FURNITURE
for spring trade. Our aim has been to please you in selecting the best assorted and complete stock of Furniture in Shawville. Spurred on by success we have increased the quantity, increased the variety, and even tried to in crease the value, great as they have been in the past. The distinctive elegance of our styles asserts itself as exceptionally exclusive, and our customers are assured they can certainly be suited in any of the lines offered.
We are satisfied that for variety of patterns, unique designs, washable colors, and quality of goods, our range
cannot he beaten.
___ •
We have the latest Cheeks In the Market.
a olio
JOINT COMMISSION
was
We Quote a few Lines to show that we mean Business : . . . .
In Printed Novelties
are showing the very latest
things.
Dont you want something before you begin house-cleaning ?
All Hardwood Extension Tables from $3.85 up.
All Hardwood Double Bedsteads from $1.35 up.
Lounges from $3 50 up.
Spring Beds (guaranteed not to sag) $1 85 up.
All other articles at like prices.
WO
;
“ Madras,
“ Percales,”
Armmk Royale,”
J. H. SHAW.
% i
In splendid cloths and fast colors
For newest and most up-to date goods always call on u«.
E. HODGINS & SONS.
*4
jas. McArthur.
Genuine
Bargains.
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO.
PLANING, MATCHING DRESSING
NOW DONE AT
Elliott & Barber’s Mill
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes in (he morning and fifteen minutes in the after noon, daily, Sundays included.
INTERCOLONIAL POSTAGE.
I nlserve, with ; leasuie, tliât the M- il.
fortunes
which he clings like a barnacle, in the I 1' *
Our Spring stock is
d ted and will soon he on hand. In mder to make room for it we are selling - if «»ur » inter goods cheap for c**h.
f*nny
The satisfrtc :«m with
or-
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Haggage promptly handled.
h. pc
&
ar d personal profit
The motive which prompts such ungenerous and hitter attack, it occurs ? ua. is not far to seek
W. It. TAYLOR,
an
Sec.-Trea.s
people for c oser relations er Country, and the test of the Empire
I’he Advance man
In the Meantime
Try . 111 “ H”
POSTAL RATE REDUCTION
is end mbtedly trembling in his shoes m
I am a's » glad t«» be able to state 'hat the • Mr. Poupore should reap some ad- | *asi*factory condition of the finances of tuge through the consummation of this the country permitted a reduction on the
¦ÉÉÉ| first of January last, of the Canadian domestic letter rate, from three to two cents, and although such reduction involves a temporary loss of revenue, it is ueverthless confidently expected that the cheapened rate w ill prove of such service in the promotion of trade, and in the general interchange of correspondence that within a r.a o able time, the revenue of the Post Office Department will be rts «red to its formal figure.
Much reformation has been obtained sines you lust met, re ative to 'he extent d valuable minerals in the Yukon and oth r par's of Canada. The returns from the Yukon have so far proved sufficient to meet the heavy expenditure it was found necessary to incur fur the purpose uf preserving law and order, and it has been thought expedient in the public interest to authorize the construction of a line of telegraph for the purpose of maintaining speedy communication with the people of those distant territories.
Brand Sy-
Ci4
ii lux-siy —at $1 00 por
iu
van
great undertaking, regarding the promotion of which ail should unite as one man And an) thing gained by Mr. Poupore in iblic estimation, must necessaiily
SHAWVILLE.
pail
Lumber
Wo can recommend
I -makes a delight
We wish to inform the public that hav ing just added a first-class Planing Machine to our other plant, we are prepared to do Planing, Matching and Dressing at short notice, and also supply all demands for rough and dressed lumber.
Sawing.
t
Our O f n 11 \
give a corresponding set-back to the calculations of our confrere. Hence all this
Get a Pac.:ag'v
fuss
0
Mr- Poupore, happi y can r.ff r 1 to re-
w estimate
A Quantity of
Logs and Shingle Wcod
Still Required
xV’ Civ five—Pre-»r cur trade.
Oi «‘Ul " VldV paired tispeciH
CUSTOM SAWING
done at the rate
gird with complacency thu Ii which the Advance strives to attach to his influence, in view of the high cvmplim.n ho received from Sir Wilfrid Laurier when he brouolv up the canal question in the
Hero is vhat the prime
SiLAS YOU,. G
kA^-Starke’a Corners.
an
of
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
$2.00 per 1,000 Feet
JOHN J. IFOLEARY,
SHAWVILLE.
Shawville, Januaiy 24, 1899
House last year.
minister said on that occasion :
“ 1 have is ened with h groat deal of at
Uid ducussi >n
BUSINESS
CHANGE.
FOR THE
tent ion and interest t which has taken place, and especially to the renvirks of ray hon. friend from Pontiac fMr. Poupore) and of my hon. friend from Ottawa. (Mr. Belconn). My hm. friend from Pontiac lus introduced this subject with a great deal of zeal and fer He believes in the schema; he has given it, as he said, his attention from fi:* ear'y byhool, and it is not extraordinary, therefore, that he should have reach ed the conclusion which he has expressed with so much positiveness/
MMBMg
A GERRYMANDER BILL.
A measure will be submitted to you for the better arrangement of the electoral districts throughout the Dominion as al several enactments of less impor-
April 9,1899
sa
Vuur

The undersigned desire to inform the people of Shawville and surrounding country that they have bought out the Timmnlthlng Business and Stock of Mr. HARRY PERRY, In Shawville and that they Intend carrying on the same In the old stand—opposite the Russell House. By strict attention to business and square dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patronage.
80
tance
THE ESTIMATES.
Gentlemen of the Housu of Commons :
The public accounts will bo laid before you, and also the estimates for the com lug year. They have been prepared with a due regard to efficiency, and economy, and the responsibility arising from the rapid progress of the country.»
Gentlemen of the House of Commons : I am confident that the important sub cts I have mentioned to you will receive serious consideration, and that it

n
s
mineral products in thirteen years of nearly 270 per cent. When it is remembered that during the same period the increase in the population has been only about 14 per cent., it will be evident that the proportional importance of the mining industry to the country is very much greater than it was at the beginning of the per iod dealt with. Thus the per capital value of the mineral production of the country vas increased from about $2.20 to $720. Whilst these large increases of late years have of course been partly due to the discovery and working of the rich gold placers of the \ ukon, other import-taut mineral industries have also contributed to them, and there i« 'every reason to expect a continued rapid growth in many of them for some years to come, especially as the province of British Columbia continues to develop.
In the more important products the increase were as follows :Go’d $77,073,000; coal. $924 00; copper, $058,000; nickel,
$422 000. The increase in Ontario was P. T.—The Highest Cash price paid for over 50 per cent. The total values of the Hides and Pelts, metals produced was $21,622,601.	Shawville, N3r.
.V

f
X..
And again : —
“ Certainly the scheme is one that has
Assuredly, it is one that is
dismissed contemptuously. On hon. friend has made a
L

\\N
!
\

9 x’
merit in it not to l
the contrary, my
, jasc, and a case which the Government is «bound to take into consideration, but he will agree with me, I am sure, that he cannot fairly expect the Government at this time to take up the scheme, although ht can expect the Government will give to it its very best consideration.
I
m
V?
-, ofyôurrlT«rit wTn”otr
Î Marlin Repeaters ,
# BHSSpiggg i
amm i
r


n
i


rv
o
J*
THE STOCK COMPRISES A NICE LINE OF
COOKING, BOX AND PARLOI R
>
your
will be your earnest endeavor to promote the public interests and prosperity of Can-
?
?
STOVES-
?
ada
i
STOVE FURNISHINGS,
COOKING UTENSILS, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &c
Our Mineral Wealth.
V, is now practically settled that Mr. B, urassa, M. P., will seek incorporation
House for^the "5 Nord Colon^tion
Son o? tke L&BeSay fromChuS
Iiiquois to within a mile of the parish churches rf Nonrnirgue 1 Annonciation, éùmide de l’Original, thence acres» the Uric flat between the Ucvre and Gatm-esu rivers, at a point near B^ka ong, thence across Pontiac County from east
The annual report of the Geological survey shows that in 1898 there was an increase of over $9,000,000 . r nearly 32 per the production of "minerals in
of all kinds satisfactorily done, at—
^MODERATE PRICER.
cent.in
Canada as compared with 1897. This is a still larger proportional increase than that of 1897 over 1896 which amounted to nearly 27per cent. Compared with 1886, the first year for which statistics were is sued, we find an increase in the value of
I Fur n ivt-n on ju AitulNS, (any I	calibre) consult
I YOUR NEAREST DEALER
GEO. W. DALE. ROBT, A. DALE.








###PAGE###5###


^ • \.r.
I
*.

Knthueiiutic
means of communication meetings have been held to urge upon the Dominion government the immediate prosecution of the scheme for securing direct access for ocesn going vessels from he heed of the Atlsntio navigation on the St. Lawrence, at Montreal, to the great interior lakes, by deepening the Ottawa river to fourteen feet draught, and connecting it by a canal with Georgian Bay Lake Huron. This undertaking would enable ocean going steamers to unload and load their cargoes oil the western ¦horea of Lake Superior, in the heart of the North American continent. The Governor General, Lord Minto, and the prime minister, Sir Wilfrid Laurier, are understood to have expressed approval of the scheme and all that the Dominion Government is asked to do is to guarantee
2 per cent on the sum of $17,000,000, for which Pearson & Co are prepared to undertake 1 he exit isat the same timv|busying itself again with the question of direct and rapid steam connection between Great Britain and Canada.
?
Per the
UT US TO
9
The Test
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
HiSU and DOOR
i
Spring Trade.
i
FACTORY.
—O
SAMPLES OK ALL KINDS OK
—ALL KIN DU OK ~
on
Interior & Eiterior
When you require anything in the
THK LATFKT IMPROVED
now on hand for Inspection*
Make it a point to leave your order early
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
HARDWARE LINE
MANVKACTCRKD
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL, POSTS, DUK8HEU
LUMBER, Ac k> ,
Kept lu stock awl iiiade to order.
Li MBER DREMSSI) AT pnpULARPBK'FS
0
ALSO A STOCK OF
HEADQUARTERS FOR SEASONABLE GOODS

/>
Public opinion
Expresses,
McCREDlE& H01XHNS.
W aggons,
—SUCH AS —
Estimate» furnish» d.
and Carts
OIL,
l
CLUE,
PAINT,
PUTTY,
STAINS,
WHITING,
RAW OIL, BOILED OIL,
RED LEAD, WHITE LEAD, AMBASTINE, PARIS GREEN, LAMP BLACK,
LIQUID PAINT, HOUSE VARNISH, COACH VARNISH, CHROME YELLOW, PURE WHITE LEAD, STOVEPIPE VARNISH, PURE PREPARED PAINT, BRUSHES OK ALL KINDS
Tenders Wanted
and a carload of
A?. Director’s Mooting:
Copy of minutes of a meeting rectorh of Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1, held at Shawvillu <>n Thursday, the 2nd day of March, 1809.
Present were John Young, President, H. Hohhs Vice- President, and Directors Hodgins, Shaw ville; Hodgins, Thorne; Walsh, Armstrong, Grant, McVeigh, Prendergast, Brahason, Alexander, McNally and Cuthhertaon.
Minutes of previous meeting read and approved.
Letter react from Dept of Agriculture, Quebec, re. milk teat.
Moved by dir. Hobbs, sec. by dir. Grant, and resolved that we rescind the motion made at our last meeting to hold a milk test, fis we find it impossible to hold a test in each parish
Moved by dir. Brahazon, seconded by dir. Prendergast, and resolved, that the
Milling Co. be allowed the privilege of storing wheat in the exhibition hall during the summer months of this year, said grain to be removed in time for exhibition.
Applications were received from several farmers to allow their sons to become members and exhibitors, they being in the same household with their fathers who are also members and exhibitors.
Moved by dir. Hobbs, seconded by dir. Prendergast, and resolved, that only exhibitor he allowed out of each house hold.
CARRIAGES
Healed tenders, marked “ lender for rIvcse maker *' mid ten er for .Seereinry " will be received by the undersigned up t« Saturday, March 2ftlh. tor a competent cheese maker a d sec retary for ttie CJrecti LakeChi—se and utter Company r* cent ly organized. Tenders lor eh' esc maker lostalr price ner 100 lb* for making and boxing cheese k-ep-m!'k book and furnishing everything
of Di
>5 BUGGIES
expected dally.
i ng
r« qui red to nianufaeltn> cheese,
Applicants for seer i he nature of duties r qui red by rai In; ou undersigned
Lowes-or any tender not cepted,
A. SMILEY,
<^_Shawville.
aryatnp may learn
ecavirlly ac-
JA< AUMHTRONO. Pr«-a. <1. L.C. de B. C.
Green Lake, Much (J'h.VW
For Sale or to Rent.
Property for Sale.
A desirably situated premises occupied at present as store and post office at Welrstesd, with six acres of land on which are also several good outbuildings. Welrstead Is a good business point, distance from Hhaw-vlMe 6 miles, and situated on the main road leading from that place to Wolf Luke. It Is 21 miles from Bristol station and 1 mile from Thack ray's mill. Possession after April 1st, 1899. Further Information, as t<> terms, m.,b.h.doD.pp,.«U«m,oNsMiTH
Maryland P O,
The undesigned off rx for sale that portion of his properly being north of main street, In the village of Sliawvillf containing n-bouf. fifteen	of good land, (umro or
less,) which 1* under cam vallon and-n iroqd ord The properly Will be sold in whole
or in pM i to suit punln.ser. For terms and r„rtl, u„r, apply Voeui Mv|)uw,kUj
Ui'p^eit1 Vremlivs.
Shawvilly
Slinvxille.Feb’y 7, ISO»
y GlEoiÉsoi,
Notice to Debtors.
i
I
I
i
Inconsequence of having suffered severe loss by the recent fire, I urgently lequesi all psrtlcs Indebted lo me to cad and settle up with Mrs. Holstein, who will be found at Mr.
Bhswville. March 7,18»v
PRACTICAL
il.ii< inniifcR
and
E. HOLSTEIN
HB
JEWELLER
one
fciSiS
G. F. HOGGINS'
Bissoliiloi ol Pariiraii
Mov. by dir. Hohbe, seconded by dir
____	Hudgins, Shaw ville, and resolved, that
Notice la hereby given that the part- copy of class 21, 22 and 23 of the Ladies' nershlp heretofore existing between Joseph Department in last year's prize list he
printed in The Equity ami each lady
by mutual consent.	exhibitor who wishes to do so now, will
beAnaÛTo Jo4phWmîlï?who wM coTCeuhem plvaae «end a revised list to the Spore-and will pay all accounts owing by the la e tary-Treasurer on or before the first ot firm. Parties Interested will please take Juno next, when a committee will he an-notice and govern ^cg.^rdlngly. pojnted U| exaluine Wli(1 ]jHts nn(l choose a
Joseph PLOultDE. selected list for our next annual exhihi-
watciibs.
CM If K4,
JEW: I.LER7. hll.VI' f.WARE
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
U

R Br .MR!
y
«ion woik in the county. And in accordance with a resolution passed by the Legislature, Mr. Major has written to Mr. Joshua Ellard, warden of the county, telling hun that substantial help wi.l he
EHB'2 “E'3 Z
struck out.
Classes 21, 22 and 23, to be revised at next meeting in June.
In class 27, (poultry), the following be I Canadian and U s. miners said t > hav e
i I HAD A FATAL FIGHT—STORY LIKK1A
A FAKE.
*
a 8re« m iTT

©
S1IASÏ1LLF, 5.
Chapeau. Que., Feb. 16, 1890,
G
tion
Sty’ish.
M-filling
Hp-to-Date
Mr Wannamaker’s
Advice
SHAWVILLE, QUE.

It
a
House & Sign Painter, tiihler, Glazier. Decorator.
Tomkins: 41 Good morning, Mr. Wanna-maker, I have called to see if you can give me a position in your establishment. 1 can turn my hand to almost anything.
Mr. W. 41 No, we are full in every department, and you are the twentieth man I have refused today. Why don't you take up a line which there is less competition and better pay ?
Tomkins.
if you can put me on track of such a pon tion.”
Mr. W. 4t When I was twenty years of age, I was a stranger in a strange land, with neither work nor money, when a
ALWAYS TO BE HAD FROM
Mr
o----
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLYATTENDEDTO
ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
C. FRAIE
A Conflict Reportai.
o
3
I’d only be too thankful
* »
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT-
THS TA1L01X
struck out, namely : White and Brown Leghorns, rose comb, and pair of Wyan-
75c., oOo.	.
be offered for chickens of the following New Yuik March 17. A R’ory from Breeds, namely : Silver Brahmas, Brown Vancouver is published in the World to
Brahmas, Silver Spangled Hamburg», I day which says far in the frozm uorrh, a Black Spanish, White Leghorns, Brown few miles off ihedta date Da 'on trail, Lan Leghorns, Barred Plymouth Rocks, ad ian-A me "'can miners hive met n White Rocks, Black Polands, Golden deadly cot.flict. F«ur are reported t »
Polands, Buff Cochins, Andalusians, Sil- have been killed outright and a numb r ver Laced Wyandot tes, White Wyan- of others are said to have been seriously dettes, Black Minorca», Langshangs, and wounded. The disputed boundary line game fowl.	between Alpaka and Canada is the prin*
N. B.—All fowl must score 85 ;x*ints cipal cause of it, although minor disputes for first, 80 points for second, and 75 aadaied in bringing it about. > hen t io points for third prizes.	alien law of British Columbia w.i « voforc
In Class 28, (Heeds) the prizes shall be ed a few months ago the Anieilean miners ï>100 for first, 75c. for second and 50c. left Atlin, the new Canadian	Q,a
for third prize, all through the class.	triot, and struck north. Tacy oun a
Growing crops to he scored out and -hurt distance of the Dalton trai , on in	Trade	Marks
replaced 1>y prizes for plowing match, a Porcupine River, in a uixf nct n • y	Designs
list of which will lie made out at next placer gold. It was general y coin et or	Copyrights Ac.
¦SieeSF
îs:îïï» ¦» “55
goo, I cl lima. While the Americans were
EE: ETEâTÆ
Canadians were killed.
[SFACTION GUARANTEED.
who insures the future custom of those who leave an order with him
O
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
friend uf mine, a lawyer, advised me to
take a book agency saying he had edu»
cated himself by canvassing; like drown-
1 funk his ad-
COÜXTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
A Trial will convince.
r

Shawville — Que.
#NOtîawa^
College
mg men grasp at straws vice, and in five years saved $5,000, and with this sum 1 started my present busi-It is just fifty years ago today that Mr. Bradley, the founder of the present Firm of the Bradley (larretson Company, Limited of Toronto, sent me my lirai book prospectus, and to his beautiful letters and good advice, I owe much of mv present success. Yes, young man, if you have anything in you, there is just as good a chance for you to-day with ' Ids o.d established House as there was for me Write them and see what they have to
offer.”
Tomkins. 11 I have seen the advertisement of this firm, for agents, for years back, and. have often thought of writing them, but have never done so. 1 will write to-day; and I am very thankful to you, Mr. VVannamaker, for your
good advice.”.
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
ness
• 7

Business
(Established Si years.)
Fall term commence* August 15th. g rrunent M.ff* <«t tour experienced able expert t<* chers ; thirty two year* of uninterrupted 6iicces> ; b« iug endorsed by llie leading bii'-hie*»'* and p ofcwlonsl men c>f too U.f pitai ; each graduate getting the Dip orna • I lb» liiiHlnes# Educator*’	on of
’anada ; ibenucc®** of our graduai»* ('hey *re to b«* found everywhere) «re points tor vour conalUeratiou. Mund for new Catalogue.
\ per-
meeting.
Moved by dir. McNally, seconded by dir. Armstrong, and resolved, that each director canvass his own district from now until next meeting in June, for new subscribers and s Meeting adjou
E. Graham,
Sec.-Treasurer,
JOHN KEITH, Principal, 148.154* Bank St., Ottawa.
yecial prizes
r*rre
>
John Young, President

PATENTS
Branch
(
Grant* to Ottawa Oounty.
List Wednesday s O tawa Journal is our authority for the following:—
Ottawa county has received a number of grants from the Quebec government during the session that haw just c’osed, thank*, it is said, to the energy of Mr. C.
LULLS'.Sir?	.-trw t
Mr. Libelle s butter factory in Aylmer; public works <Upai ' <*&turdav for-$200 for one at L* Annonciation; $150 turned from Englan ,	' ,	'uî’j8tcr
for one at L’Ange Gardien. The sum of warded his resignation t<> the immster
RatariSSti KZ 6 5l"î
over 814,000 will be devoted to e .louix . EngUnd, in which he w » shareholder.
Tac Georgian Bay Canal.
Acc ording Vi présent indication*, Arn prior is to have further railway facilities. Mr. VV. J. McKeown, of that town, i ow in O.t xwa, stakes that a line is b ?mg projected to Mile lake, a diaianci of thirty This will tap splendid deposits of and aff »rd shipping facilities Besides this a good supp'y of pu’pwood is available tor manufacture, and thn lumbering and agricultural interests will also he served by this line. It is stated that the chief piomoter is Mr. I as. Bell, of Almonte, who has the necessary capital at his call. This road, with the resources it opens up, m Arnpri >r. The O. A already given the town considerable impetus.
J
Sir Edwin Arnold, tho author of The
Light of Asia, is writing a series of articles
in the National Review, on Great Bn’
, and in the February number there is which reference is made to the a-
articlo on Canada.

o
M»
Llitiheet references furnished.
MARION A MARION PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
i. bound to ere*to . bonlj f	iDiluon, a..„c. Membtr Cm.
& P. S. lus I l Bod ty of ftvtl Krvrlnefra. H	__ I
WFWr!	« 5.
am
miles iron ore
one in
bove project in an
He says
“ Tne prosperity of the Dominion
The revenue returns


con-

tinues to advance for the month of December show an in* crease of $418, 540. The total revenue returns for the last six months of 18Jo a mount to $22.113,378, an increase of $4, 170,000, or nearly 20 per cent. It is not surprising that, with such satisfactory evidence of the results already achieved, there should be a strong desire to push energetically the development of

*


**'
..v
.
new
on













» *


















B

tiü













w

-




=5 » # Ttu


I- »
###PAGE###6###

I cube fob tubemlosis i EHfrotEFEEEImICS 0F m m "•
ESIêliSÉ
which fi-'h ia bailed will make it fiim	.	(hat he hoped would establish the
er and improve its flavor, while if put	»r. Karl Ven Kuek Beg*» Where H*eh	rcctnees of his theory, l oi more thin
into the water in which meat orpoul-	Lett orr, «ml I» Halt! lo Have Kroelnred	three years ho ha» continued these m
ia htewilig it will make it more	* i*«»n ve lure-Intereailnc Ke»nU»	vestig.itions, and the onto that be has
tender A tablespoonI ul is sufficient	Obt*iue<l lr<*m II* lie.	given to the matter has compelled t ie
for . fish; twice .ha. amount may be	A treatment for consumption .hut	medic;,I world to admit thal hm atMe- L-,,,.,,. °f 2.500 »pe. imena of arrhaeolo-
HEm ætj ! z	I	3%
Ik- first odh. -*.l,	>h. living, —a- It1? h2‘h	K‘n ’»¦ 1 'Dril*‘
and the death rate of consumption has patients his cures have exceeded 97,
increased until to-day, it is estimated, per cent, and the medical world, skep- Ibam bton and Iteverley. more than 20 per cent of the persons tical a® it always is in regard to new There are 180 specimens of 8t<meai*s
t SL2^r ™::;zT'z HSHïHür sr:rrisers
dreadful disease has gained its foot- Jhe method of the proiluction of the ar* none the less valuable on this ac-
hold. In England and Wales alone*'Watery Extract'* is very interesting, count, for they indicate a general
Dr. Von Ruck describes it as follows:	or want Qf taste, on the part of
The tubercle bacilli are filtered out ^ peop,e wJw reeided cl>terminou,
with the IImons, in whose country tools of this kind, good or bad, are rarely found.
| HOUSEHOLD.!
PRESENTED TO THE ONTARIO EDUCATIONAL DEPARTMENT.
our
I People Who Were i'olermlhoue With the Hun»*''mid W ho Were Net Nemadlr— Interesting IHuplay.
HOUSEHOLD HINTS.
up-to-date housekeeper uses a
dime's worth of coarse» salt each cleaning day. She scatters the salt by the handful on the floor of each room to be swept, and at intervals on the stairs and hills. The salt absorbs the dust In sweeping, imparts a freshness to the colors in the carpets, and assists in the cleansing of the apartment.
A cloth wrung out of a solution of carbolic acid and hung in a sick room will act as a disinfectant.
Some persons sprinkle tea leaves on a oarpet to lay the dust when sweeping, and if the carpet is old, so there is no danger of fading the colors, the tea-leaf method is economical. If a carpet has a creamy background, with patterns of delicate pink and blue flowers, white cornmeal should be lightly sprinkled thereon bt fore sweeping. The carpet is thus kept bright and clean, after the manner of clean-
The presentation has been made re-
try
by Mr. George E, Lai ill aw, of '"The Fort,” Balaam Lake, Victoria county.

Most of this collection hua been git h
Columbia, Texas, Georgia, Colorado,
Guelph, Galt Woods lock, Midland,
STUDY OF A BABY
log furs.
A fine oil painting may be dusted off thoroughly, then cut a potato in two and gently rub the raw potato over the surface of the painting, taking pains to do only a portion at a time, and wipe dry with a very soft old cloth. The colors will be freshened and the beauty preserved.
Young ladies who are troubled with blemishes on their faces, and if there is a tendency toward scrofula, will find that a raw potato eaten after the manner of fruit every morning before breakfast will act as a complexion tonic. Peel the potato. so;ik In cold water, and it will be palatable.
" There, there, there V* exclaimed the wife of the realistic novelist, as she rushed into her husband's study and picked up her howling offspring. ' Did muzzie’s precious little lamb think she
had deserted him ?"
After she had quieted him, she turned sympathetically to her husband and asked :
more than 60,000 persons die every
year, and in New York, more than 50 | of the rapidly growing and hifchly viru-
per cent of the autopsies performed for Ment culture. After washing with
other diseases have shown the exist-I diRtil.I,'d water for the removal of the
remains of the culture fluid, they are
dried in a vacuum dessivatur they are powdered in an agate mortar and then extracted with sulphuric ether. This extraction removes the fats. They are again dried and powdered as before, and their further extraction takes place in sterilized distilled water over a water hath with a temperature of 120 F. The protêt da becoming dissolved in the distilled water, the fluid is then decanted and filtered through porcelain, when finally the amount of proteids is determined and the preparation standardized to a certain per cent."
Dr. Von Ruck's detailed description that dot the country, Mr. Laidlaw auo of the results obtained by the use of this "Watery Extract" is equally am
interesting. In the case of patients	...	.	.	, . .
in the early stages of the disease all lH,"u*st chisels, lathes, tubes i ud who have been treated	variously worked teeth ol
the I» , ihe wolf aud ihe beaver.
1 hen (here aie the small disc# ol In more advanced cases, out of thirty- stone and pottery, the latter e\ ideni I y seven, twenty-seven recovered, in ten having ts)eu prepared from fragment* the disease warn arrested, and none of day pot*, in no other part of On-
In cases in the seriously laiio have there been found so many
Some of the stone one# and #
"Did you have a terrible time with onoe l>f the unsuspected tuberculosis Willie while I was shoppingf"	1 h6 realization of these facts has
" oh. no," replied the intellectual inspired scientists and local health giant with a glad smile. " 1 was very h*nis to make the greatest efforts to
Take every morning for three weeks. much interested. 1 had never before	with its ravages. The discovAn expeditious way to remove Ink made a study of how a baby cries, and	1 much of the disease has been
stains from the fingers is to dampen j have secured some very interesting transmitted from cattle toman has led the sulphur end of a match and rub Qul((# , have diwov,red mat how a to a closer examination of beef and
eVThelwu“ern<blu* Tint is new fro- baby cnee when lonely. A few min- ;	The knowledge that consump-
quently used to simulate tiling. A utes after you west shopping, he began l"n w ,s infectious has resulted in the ft reboard with a border of the prints t(> whine fl0(Liy to himself, and to wan- enactment of many Is not only artistic, but a peipetual reminder of past delights when the photographs have been taken by some member of the home circle.
Next
OF SEDENTARY HABITS
There are 18 gorget# or tablets, vus of which is the largest in the museum ; spear heads, arrow b ads, knlvi • drills and scrapers of chert are comparatively scanty; but there*are nu less than 27 mortars or mealing stones, and grinders or pestles, which prove that this primeval people were ol sedentary habits. Amid the numerous
HEALTH REGULATIONS
Th.-u he let out a yell. When that, it was thought, might retard the I spoke to him and asked him what was spread of the disease
der about as if searching for some
o=h heaps of the many village sites
one
ceeded in collecting 422 objects ol bous and hoi u, including awls, knives, bat-
In spite of all
---	I the matter he drew down the corners this, however, the "White Fiend" alt 11
HOME DEVORATIONS.	of mouth aud bv^an t0_ vry stands supreme, and hundreds of thous-
.«..to,. (arm	un. ! '."TmUS "to*,™. £*!*«££ *“>•	„,i,e	of
how she saw a dining-room transform- er devoid ot consonants. Ilia method this, the most dreaded of all human
™ :¦	SïreSwïr s-r r:
soiled that it was detrimental to the top of his voice, with his mouth almost i	' koch, w ho has long been re- grew warse 0	H
EEJESEH	§h! §‘»^ ££? EES
kind neighbor; the eldest son although scalp got red."	'	W® eff,>rts to destroy the germs of remedy	lives used them for gambling. It 'be*«
the eye, and harmonizes with anything, the household and flounced from the 1 “U’h of a euro t Jan t is not only this disease has been regarded as ira-, lowed aides. In diameter they vary VN ith white muslin >ash curtuina at the room in a huff.	a	fh^»ry	hut a positive fact.	It is not ' PlKW. '* "X	physicians, :«s	no instance | from	fivtv-eighi hs of an inch to twn
windows and a red geranium on the The realistic novelist took a couple	a	new	theory, the	dream of a	scientific '/! 'tS ru!e	h.,s ,ve,r ,,e**n	r^T{iu< hes and a half, and in thickness
window sill, the room looks inviting. 0f turns, about the room, smiling soft-	. ,	.•	..	.	, , h,‘ inVvlS-	n»«‘lieine^	tieat-lfrum	an eighth to three'eighths of ai
She also describes u portiere of blue ly to himself in the meantime, and	1 1	* ®,ld in	the vain search after j ment of this	case by l>r \ on Ruck was inch	They are a few clay discs, wind
denim painted with sprays of dogwood, winked at himself in a way that sug- the impossible, hut a remedy 'hnt largely a matter -it experiment, but it |	lv biAVe be eu moulded for thii
There was a hem at the top, and a very grated that perhaps after all he had has been tried tgain and again upon T'il	syc< #v,8(uI' .,nd V.V8 Purpose.
sr^tSTs^srsis?—,n"if A,at&fAAs::
right side. '1 he sprays started above mg left in charge of the baby in fu-	'	1 n t m uui*Uii< es, bel ore it h* « u re >f tuberculous in m> part of i he convex surfaces and upon the edge
the lower hem. aud reached almost ture	h:ls ,)een given to the world Dr. Karl ««X-	.	as if employed fur smoothing and rub
half way up the curtain. The effect i	. __________________ | von Ruck is the discoverer of this new	,'<!l'*nti»te who have «me- bing and in the other for scraping
5t$! ”ET,LS PRE™US ,ro "ARE	<5
dado was painted a short distance	.	,	,,	. , ! of patients that have been treated by ; % «s he has g,v it to the world for hod y for stringing purposes. String*
mm lids ######
double at the edge. Above this was a credited to John Terrier:	Now cheap- sary to go back to Dr. Koch. When Periodicals he gives full directions for	, f , h ,¦ themselves havi
--------------
same room	was painted, with daisies.	etl that 8°^ ts recognized as the most	sumption, it was thought that it would	duced to i minimum. U hat makes
valuable of the precious metals, but	be a simple matter to find some rem- remedy more valuable for general
edy that would overcome the disease. Use la that climatic conditions play no Dr Koch began his experiments along Part 'n the cure, which in itself takes 0	Ithese lines, but it was 1890 before he'hut three months.
,	has recently appeared, under warrant announced that he had found a remedy ^ hat this means to the world only
end sufficient course salt to make a ^stemem ot valu s as I	1	principle was transmitted by the germs widespread suffering caused by this
brine. Mix the sugar, saltpeter and commercial price of various rare met- to the fluid upon which they had ! terrible disease can realize, and if the water together; add >alt until the ah — i statement which overthrows grown. That Dr. Koch was	future use of this new remedy will but
brine wilt float an egg. Rub salt many previous fond notions. A pound	NOT ENTIRELY WRONG	Dr	experiments of
brfneeaandPnext°daymput a^^ight^ on	avoirdul>ois of *old lH *>ut lu lhis	his theory was shown by the fact	to rank among the greatest dLscole^r-
beef take	5 gal. of pickle strong	descent, according to the scientist#, to	ni loci dine," and in 1897 Dr. Koch an-	A Dl n has JUht !,een put in jail in and point to the periodwhen n*
", zzr.TJZ! r,‘:	tjrxnsz ssa HE;1F"-rIF	% æwara&æ—
% «wBftFF r.............................................. .......1'f	-
ïhile° Do not smoke ' ' ^	*	1 hen comes a jump to chromium	many cases whole bodies of the germs. ho^e, 1 wire strainer. 11 gorse-cutters,
, 1 mz i i	mi. ,	. ,	worth $199 a pound and palladium	aa,l was finally withdrawn by the in- 11 crowbars, 1 pair leggings, 0scythe	I he	fact	that early	impression!
i>ry Method.—lo cure -0 lb. of	beef	wor,^ 3.-^0 Uranium is worth $V8U and	ventor on account of the danger from stones, 1 door mat, 6 balls twine, 1	linger	long	in	the memory needs M
quickly, take 1 pint fine salt, 1 teacup-	osmium is worth $1.00(1 a pound. There	mfeotion that might result from its horse rug, 2 choppers, It adzes, 14	proof,	but	an	interesting	illusirnuoi
fui of dark brown sugar, 1 dessert- may be scattered about the cornu* niiy use	brushes, 3 tape measures. 3 rules, 1*2 "fit happens along now and then.
I SHsE
:î2«sf ^SHSsîSEH 3ZS£r£?2S , ™ - ™~	3=-=-.-", -«
---	compared with the value of gallium FIe '«oculated guinea pigs with the. Dr. Maui el, a French - authority, across	him	as it	were,	quite frequent*
SUGGESTIONS TO HOUSEKEEPERS. whi-h according to ihe scientific ferm* of consumption, and those that speaking, of tbe transmiesion of mal- ly	It	was	when	I	was	across	him-
till the housekeeper is finally ready to is not due, it ought to be added, to ifmrdy wh'cFi he called fubercuhnum wnbout feeling any ill effects, while
ZZIZJ ZZ ZZ	S'BCSSbI SIESSSe	3
Z.% .t Sa zi-	Z'Z Î
yolks of » eouple Of eggs, season with wb .t an y be called an artificiel value. but lt WM ju1t #e 6vldent thal there ***** ut>oli organisms.	left the oily.
HAVE RECOVERED
)

GREAT SMOKERS
As smokers the red men in X ictoril ranked not far behind their neigh i *>urs, the Durons, and as pipe art i si a were quite their equals. Some of tin stone pipes in the Laid law collect ioi superior to anything found in tin
end several of the clal
ones present peculiar features.
There are eight native copper tooti —a I ways rare relic-—and one of theat found at Fort William, un Lakl
such a view of t he matter doesn't take into account "the scientists
CORNING AND DRYING BEEF
There
Corned Beef —To 50 lb. of beef take
saltpeter. 11-2 lb
1 1-2 oz
are
Dominion*
was
Superior.
Then comes more familiar iron- cop
the ordinary
garden-
LASTING IMPRESSON


wheat
rami


Sliced ham that is no longer
ten
*


\
I
v
a

4

###PAGE###7###
¥
SPARTAN LAWS.
A LOOK BEFORE A LKAP.
hat I Still a bachelor i Why, the last time 1 Haw you you were HerioUHly
contemplating matiimony.
^ «VH, an«l it waa because of eerioua
contemplation that 1 concluded never to marry.
Agreeable advice ie seldom useful advice.—M oHüilon.
Great Haste is Not
4 4
Used Everywhere.
Sold Everywhere.
Avoid Substitutes.
SeiiBdljr Thrmlirtl Were Three People for (•rotting I NmifMiniilily Tel.
LUDELLA
Always Good Speed.
9»
Among the ancient Spartans
cMany people trust to luck
everything was eottsldertxl secondary to ,	ff L f
mi hi ary efficiency, and with a view *^ pull thcitX through? à.f\d &TÇ
often disappointed. Do not dilly-dally in matters of
health. With it
CEYLON TEA.
to securing this, the boys and were by law kept in a continual state of training.' No deformed child allowed to live; the boys were taken from th-“lr homes i
military regulations at the age of 7. They were
Lead packages.
*5- 30. 40» 5° * 60c.
men
was
Many people suffer with catarrh
c
unboy’s Improved arriage Tops...
un-
11 11 incomes chronic, bvea uho they do u<‘t know how easily it may be cured. Un days free trial treatment ought to I*? convincing. Send fifteen rents ta cover cost of mailing outfit. I)r. JUy a Successful Remedy Co, Toronto.

you cas.
accomplish miracles. Without it you are " no good. "
Keep the liver, kidneys, bowel*
At twenty they joined the hlood healthy by the use of Hood’s Sar-
ronks. and from that ag, until Ih v eaPan,,a. faultless blood purifier.
Dyspepsia ; I know a positive relief
U>r dyajHipeia and that in Hood s JWn „v JJdna mi*- It cured rue. My neuralgia ul o	—
sseyr&tor w —• *• *«•«, «»=¦ mstasm
Tired Feeling - “My «partit, Wll	.	----
capricious, my liver disordered and 1 wns 0 na,m ,n arguing, for fierceness tired. Hood’s Sarsaparilla relieved It all. ™«kes "Tor a fault, and trull, di.scour-Jt cured u friend of mine of female weak- tf-sy .—Herbert
iu-i ^
h>
and subjected to
vfhki
KjP>

compelled to wear the ¦am<‘ Bangle garment winter and
W
nroeiviD the highest a wars
m tsea.
<
» n
sum
rr>
Lii

H
L
Fiefter he driven out from
. J rr.
»« iuong
than to be disliked by children —
reached sixty were required to dine et the public tables, where only tain quantity was supplied for each
man. The Magistrates interfered in absurdly small matters. They Jated the degree of fatness to which
It was lawful for any citizen to extend bis l»ody. Those who dared to
grow too fat or too soft for military service and
soundly flogg <1. Arlian, in his History relates that Nauciis, son of
Poly t us, was brought Ik-fore _______
Ephors ; Magistrates) and the whole ass inbly of Sparta, and ful fatn-ss was publicly exposed, and he was threatened with perpetual banish in nt if he did not bring his b°dy within th* regular Spartan compass and give up his culpable mode of living which was declared to l»e more worthy of an Ionian than a
Bpartan/
Z
Cenboy’e Patent Roller Tope bave met with
•a h unlvvr.a, f..vor 'bat 01 ber manufaetur-or« are now making inferior Im.ii^tlern and Milling tiietr on the r^pu tion the Cenhoy Topo have male. l>o n t l>e hoodwinked by a y per* .0 who rewjiniuond* au Inferior make to be just n« Kood.
/
a cer-
<
n-gu-
v K »l.or*Tope are a* near perI workmen cm make thorn.
The Conbo feet a* "kU!e<
When you order » our liuggy. Htlpnlato
that It la le hare
t
r<1' Over Flitv Veers
MHS Wl.NHI.OW8 SOOT III NO HYItPP tun teen * 1 !_>'•;",h;’r* for their nhll r«m tee hmg Ir eooLheo T " V,*^r*r>" ,,>e <ll,n|. Bllat* all i»airi, urea wln<l ¦ilr. ami Mu I-est remedy for alarrhiea 2Sr » bet-M Id I'f all «lrnggiet* throughout the world Be ?'ire ii'J ul for Mrs Winslow's 8oui hiug Ry rup "
with y.»ur carr iage h lil-ier a genuine Conbov Holier Top, aa Imitations are never an goo I.
v
exercise were sometimes
e
I lit)
Hood'o Pilla rare IlTor I •»>ly catharUe to lake ~
Il&i mon Irritating me* WTU Afood'a
4
$
must lx* doing something to be happy. Action is no less necessary to us lbm I bought.—Hazlitt.
his unlavv-
NATUilALLV

¦ ^	— a	We glee tine beautiful leery «eld r la led Chain BracoUt le a daiaty plumb lined
____ .	R p 5> I case for tailing 18 ef eur Flue Linen. Pell-sUed Beylles at 10c. each Lata*
àrîtrrWrçB I®	¦ and prettiest designs ; no two alike. Write, and we send doylies, postpaid, and euf
f llS'Jl VlllSie I big Premium List Sell them, return us #1 80 and we et ee^e forward your bracelet free Liberal fllwiïwMliin	if Preferred. Uaeeld Itot line returnable. LI*KM BtILl €?., BBTT. 2 e I
Brown held in his hind the photograph of a young lady that Jamison had handed him. Jove I she’s a beauty 1 he exclaimed.
^ on l>ot she is
î HOMAS PHOSPHATt
agreed Jamison.
Æ'IlSEï
Well, put in Brown, what's the elusion ?
To whh h Jamison cheerily replied.
I am
AOSASi OASIIKie—New l*s<.rW4lnee lint Knfltefe
2l5>!SLa tillu^LAuli^®Lle T#1Ub*U ,W>4e *
4i OUR STUDKNTK hs?e reeeotly taken good 40 fituMiomm, aei feur |H,ailione remalm un Ailed.
FROM FAR KENLIS.
wins pattern, more reputation than giritei real merit.—Rochefoucauld.
Mge
npox*atora
CATAl.OtiVK Fftf.ll
0. H. GRIM, Mfg 0e , Montreal

con

Catarrh Cannot be Cured
ssss-
cureu ycu must lake Internal remedies Hall'* rm m r h V.Ur? .lw l4* 61 Eternally, an I aria di-
ro< fly on the blood an»] mucous surfaces Mall* l Aiarrh ( ure 1* not a quark medicine. It wa-
Pminrir. 9 b)r on" of th® °e*tphjHiclan* In thin antr7, r°r Jre&rF« And 1» a regular preurrip*
pVl,eé of ,he beat ionics known, ,i" 'if'*' n L l lho l><*t Food purifiers. aitln; h!, îî lhe ni'icous snrfncee. The perfect nat‘0a lhe fww ingredients In wh*t pro* a<a< such wonderful results in ( aimrrb Send for LtlM mon lain, free a ... _ K J. CfliNEYà: V
DfUW,"t<. Price 75v.
Hall h r aoiUy Pill* are the best.
Comes * Story of Disease Banished by Dodd's Kidney Pills.
Stam ma re	1 teti,n °r
try I hare spent «0years' study on this li?.lrfseiue L»bH C?ora#siid setmfy y<„mel?es. Ne risk W. K BATE.
__________ ________ Spells'l«t. 39? f ’	- ht T rni to
fervery stammerer | iTBATMID, ONT. We tench real business—wo Inut.
a sense In fuir eempetilioo our gr»4i«afcee nre nearly slwnys chosen. Business men appreciate our work Beet Oomierro al Hohool In Onnedn Enter now tiireulars free.
not very comforting
Hr. Theme* L
Il ni» b* In ml of BUilnrJ
¦Mteaae, After tarlens lletllrlere lta<|	"tajleight—Tommy, do you think
¦•rn Tried end Mad Felleel - INidii's y°mr S'ster ,s	of mot
Kidney rills iiwdr nitu Well.	Tionmy-I don’t know.
w. J. ELLIOTT. Principal
white's	cukes
grow hair oe halit he » Im Hook mail* «I free I)> White s New Hslr Orowsr Oo >, rh oag, au.l Mnntre*!
She gave
Kenlia, P. 0.. N.W.T.-E,en to .hi.! ”„'ur /iT*" ‘° th# C,<K'k ba,f remote point in our great Domini or. I the fume of Dodd « Kidney Pilla baa1 rk.
penetrated, pain amd suffering have vRina is about to send a comm frozen driven out, and health and hap- 01 • miSM,(m to ihe European and Am-plness have been given in their atead,	trade renters with a view to
Ly t his grand medicine.	! |n#‘ promot ion of Chinese commerce.
Mr. Thomas L. Hubba, owner and <>c- , ‘ the lnlss,on proves successful, the oupant of Section z8. Township 19,1 *,ov®rn®«nt proposée to found Chin-Hange 11, met with a severe accident m™; V	flrn,18	the ^reat
about a year ago. He was thrown out	1 tc,wns of worl
of his wagon, and among the injuries!	——.
0h; z'SeyT -very 8evere HUa,nl
Soon after his mishap, his kidneys began to make manifest the fact that they were unable to do their work properly. • Severe
On Trial
an
VVli SEND TUB
AYLMER 5PKAY • PUMP, -
Wood* Photo Fnc.mvinLl^
IONFS Î N(, 4	^
> • f. 10 VPEI V°t MWrlOFOMO'
J l
curing

CO., Toledo. (X
OB Tlir
CARD INDEX
ANDEWSON
• • •
A LOVER OF LIQUOR.
h .it did Colonel Stihvvll say alxmt fhc. brandied jwi<h**.s we sent to cheer h is convalescence 1
He said he was afraid he wasn't lM*** *•» **•.Toronto, strong enough to eat the fruit, replied I "
Z,N=%ch itutwL6 ^:eeiated ,he New Tires FF"
FORCE HUMP,
The only y»rf«l «y.t* rn for leap ini names *nd addreaaea Sumpl»- tray < util . ....

$3.

on the*# terms No sucfcer, m4 VuckiLf. Will Isils lifetime
I'or ll!ustr*te4 Oaleio#uee, &&
the Office Specialty Mfg. Oe.,
LI lulled,
Factor/; Newieerkei.
AYLMER IRON WORKS'
J. W. ANDERSON,
Aylmer, Ont
<hc
DOUBLE TUBE ànM	__________________________
8«ak O O I) II» any addreae	V * | ¦ . -	^ « i J fw
.A,WU| — jALLAN LINE
Wm. B. Noriham, Toronto, Ont.
or
A NEW START
per
I 9 ^ow'	Hunker, 1 can once more
«tabbing pains face the world an bmest man. The darted across the small of his back,, last of my debts is outlawed and a dull, terrible ache in his loins,
kept him in continual agony.	| TO CURE a cold in one day
\ a nous remedies were used, but TUe La:»;,,* itromo wuii.<u« none gave any relief. The pains seem- I ,e,uod lbe movt* 1111	*>
ed to grow worse, and. hearing of the wonderful efficacy of Dodd's Kidney Pills, he decided to try what they would do for him.
pr.
W V C 063
CALVERT’S
Carbolic Disinfectants. Soape, Olnt ment. Toelh Powder# et# inn been
awarded ISO medals and diplomas for superior excellence. Th#*ir regular uro prevene iefectl-ou* diseases. Ask tout dealer to obtain m supply. Lists mailed free oa application.
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
INOLAND.
AU Drug
ROYAL MAIL 8T
STEAMERS "ÏÏIiïti’Z0
SUMMER SAILINGS.
ISo
cuit
De Laval Cream Separators. ALPHA--------HAND AND POWift.
SNATPPED UP
____	That amateur palm reader told me I
He bought a bo*, and began taking |	make a good housekeeper,
the pills, going strictly according to ,el11' what did you aay f the directions. Judge, of his delight, . 1 1 .	",m 11 was rather sudden, but
when, in a few days, he began to feel he miKht "Peak to Papa, better. Day by day, the improvement	---——— -----------
grew more marked uniil hr had |THK IMPORTANCE OF WATER IN
taken all elk pills was 1 Soub<1 as a bell,” and not a trace of bis old trouble remained.
CIMDIRR MIRK SUPPL1 CO.,
MANOHearm,
The Womlcro of Hypnotam
|iv.« the àt> l.o ell secret power ; riehly V superb photo e»*imrinps ; anybody •sert » ii»a»ic influence over other», ijt;; fcaeesaid bad habits pire the finest parlor entertainment V«r witneawi write to dey . endos# etanip Nation si Publishing Co , Dep t 33, Rodieefer. N Y
Braecb, ISIS Madison Are., New York City
oASÏSfflfÆJÎïi M; iï1' "
Il AVAKIAN (new I, lU.UuO Tone, Twin Screw, July .0, and w.ekly thereafter.
Cabin F
Ol Montreal and Winnipeg
Sole Agents for Canada.
pen* frwe
Ilium
• $j5.0U and upwards.
.Second Cabin-S3&.U0. Return $t6 X).
Steerage—Lirerifvol, London, Glasgow, L mluoderri, or yueeuslown, $23 50.
|rated hr H-arn and
e
i
are
FvERfWlSE^oTHER KNOWS
THE VALUE OF
MANURING.
Much interest attaches to	sub-	_______
Mr. Hubba ,in writing of bis cane, |Ject “Manure and Manuring" discuss-	Montreal
"I live in th* municipality of	Mr IjU. Wallace at Farmers' Thi H DAlmOI'Bl,” Fr#9 Bu# .."Lf**-
-ndian Head, and nil who know ‘ rae ï*st»t»ite meetings the past winter. He |	---****"»
can vouch for the truth of this state- breuS*t ®ut many pointam t general-
ment.*	considered, A \>ry unique one was We wantgosd Butter, eg*®, Poultry, etc. I _—
the importance ef the gravity water to Ship to ih, and you will have your cash in a uaeeie manuring—this is the free water so •*}*** ™ K AIK KMHKAI) PRODUCE nAnltlO abundant in our soils during the fall, co »* rroal8t- E* Toronto._
winter and very early spring. The Siliei Feultry Odtietheb«ndigeeier in the market soil is almost afloat in it, and so lavrentIan hand * gravel Oo.. Meoveei.
freezes up pretty solidly. When the ! -------------- I
a™?.«acssfr
pared. I he dung of the manure being very fine is thus much more perfectly debuted than by machine work, this he calls using one of nature aids in our work and Ing labor
For further luforuiatteu upply u>
H. BOURLIE*, 77 Tonga St., Toronto, er H. Ml A. ALLAN, Montreal.
1HD1AH WDNAMSB ALM
R
ys
AS A MRTUR1EHT MEDICINE
LEAD
RETURNS IN ONE WEEK
:* 1



•? 1
« *
Where Dodd's Kidney Pi 11* are used. Kidney Disease cannot exist. It is driven out swiftly and promptly,
•r to return.
HARTFORD
TIRES
nev-
COPPER
*
SCRAP
BRASS

can.^uhiv -:r;
L Qlr'<t3r JB
¦L TdROi-V)
Whole»»!® only William It., Toronto
Long Distance Telephone 1729.
GRAINS OF GOLD
t
Good cheer ia no hindrance to a good life.—Aristippus.
The luxury of doing good surpasses •very other personal enjoyment.—Gay.
The misfortunes that are hardest to bear are those that never come.— Lowell.
"SSIR ?• M « sss
i Public aau H gli Seltoola. Torontok Roeiug Felt, Fitch,
11 BEAVER BRAND ” Mackintosh ¦ iOUTHIIàlONIi AdiUltflASIdmtf tllNTlTMtt
t newer harde as A is guaranteed Water*
' proof. Auk f r It,take no other. Bca*
O u-r Rubber Clothing Oo., Montreal.
r
r
yZ Inner >
“ Maltese Cross "
\ Tubes, y
m
both
and getting the work more perfectly dune. This is
tiv» sas 'x-~
r	.	.	..	Powder in the fall, winter and early
God never ceased to be the one true (spring months He explained with
aim of all right human aspirations.— much clearness the action of capilar-
Vlnet-	ity and the hydroscopic water
1 «oil.
The absent are never without fault, the present without excuse.—
sav
ujfiiiiaer
OILS
nor
Franklin
u
Engine
icrd
Wanted UClM
t .?•St *.• » ug ..ifalromhe m.T I
*ut ^el!* tu i \ rr> »toie. factory and house Exclusive terrtvry. HOVMCLJ. * £UKY • ('bisttgo a»d Montreal
Hfctoiitt;
cosior
MWnM Cermania Oil Co., ,3* B.y st, Toronto.
The Oewson Commission Co., Limited, |
— HEALTH RESTORED
without medicine or expense to the most disordered Stomach, Lungs, Nerves, Liver, Blood, Bladder, Kidneys, Brain and Breath by
in the
QTAMMERERS.
— ^ Only lMlUnlloa In Canada for Dm «nre el
The secret of making one's self tiresome is not to know when to stop.— Voltaire.
In business three things are necessary, knowledge temper and time.—
Felt ham.
Du Barry’s
Revalent» Arabica Food,
whieb Save* Invalid* and Children, and nlao Heure auo* OMafully Infeat* wboee Alimenta and Debility harê rw ¦iatv-d all other treatments It digests when a.I other Wood la rejected, eaves 80 times its coat in medicine.
fZft I/ma	Invariable Success, 100,000
3U f Bara Annual (Juree of Countipa-_	"	tlou. Flatulency, Dyapepaia
Indigestion. Consumption. Dubete*. Bronchitis, Influenza, Onugb-t ?athaao, Catarrh, Phlegm, Diarrhtea, Nervone Debility, Sleeplessness, Despondency
DuBarry & Co., S-
London, W., also In Paria, 14 Rue de Uaatigllon, au<9 et all Orooers, Chemist*, and Stores everywhere, in tiom, gs.,3.. Sd., le., fiib., 14a. Sent carriage free Berrys Revalent# Biscuit a, In tine, 3a. &) and 6a Ajenta for Canada : The T. Eaton Co., Limited, Toronto
Stammerers
Especially these who have failed to be cured «lee-where, write le Dr Arnott, Bt rlio, who will convince you to ten cure y o
THE DIFFERENCE.
At Five, be a grea’ big man i ,‘,hoM '"’lot that's ra,
uu, t be Jes* t’ be
All k n Is cured or money refunded. Dr. Rameau's An tiseptic Pomade, $1.00 by mail. Write Prof. Loouure, i'hermaciat, 370 Craig tit., Montreal
Skin Diseases
•|L. COFFEE & CO.,
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Rooms 400-12 Board,tf Trade Building,
TORONTO, ONT.
Established 1340
Some Plain Questions.
Have you catarrh f Have you offcn-•ive breath? Have you bronchitis? Have you slight symptoms of consumption ? Then send for a free sample of Catarrhozone. What is catarrhozone? ¦ Not a snuff, wash nor ointment, but Bn odorous gas, which is carried by air directly to the diseased parts. It penetrates wherever air can go, and never fails to cure. We do not ask you to believe this until you have tested it for yourself. Send for a trial bottle gratis to N. C. POLSON & CO., ! Kingston, Ont.
a grea big man, a grea’ big man.
Mille. Mille * Males
Burrister-selc.. removed to Wesley Bldg*., Rich* mond 8L W., Toronto.
LAW
A. .	„ At Fifty.
Oh, to be a little boy,
AT ,g P,eaHUre in a toy, All I love, that I enjoy
1 r?u°ULd Çlve to be a boy— Oh, to be a little boy
Jua* to be a little boy.
Thomas Flynm
John L. (o»r*
Also Du
TORONTO CUTTING SCHOOL
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS
Write for special terms during January February, 8. CORRIGAN, 113 ^ onge St,
and
EPPS’S
CANADA PERMANENT

c^-Zas i4	/o fG jtvi'- Tid/
&nÀs 4/^ÿiuLr&r ^ f/bfK
r
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
Loan and Savings Company.

COCOA
iNCoaroftATBD 1863
EXPLAINED AT LAST
PaM-up Capital
SI,6oc,ooo I,l6o,ooo
Woeorvo Fund
Suitor—Your daughter, air, is the light of my existence.
lier Father—Oh, that's it, eh? I've often wondered how you could ever Bee her, with the gas turned so low.
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
•f
99mm • WHmljHg, Man., Vancouver, B.O.
SSSai
sgr-W*»" tSaasasSM I iusxL
unusswïaiSBrœaà1 J-
are iteaired at In tercet paid or ooaa-
hall yearly
¦ U lamed te Ourrene > or Sterling with NipMi attaehed. payable in i.'auada or Fia*,-tors and Truht- es are author law te laves! In là# Debenture» of this
IfAK'IB en Real Estate security ah
INFORMATION.
Jamie—Pm, what is lese majestic V Pa—That's the Latin way of call-in# a crowned, head a blamed tfrniqp
r.
l
1


###PAGE###8###
W V
:
ed by the warden, Mayor McFarlane moves, seconded by Mayer Meredith that the See.-Treasurers salary be increased by one hundred dollars, making his salary for the current year ($2ê0) two hundred and fifty dollars,
Moved in amendment bv Mayor Kennedy seconded by Mayor Adams that the Secretary'Treasurer be allowed an in crease of fifty (50) dollars.
For the Amendment — Poupore, Kennedy, Mooney, l>agg, Adams, Joyce.
For the
County Council Minutes.
EiUY
Jas. Boss Waicit Cases
uaJ

Piuvinoe of Quebec,
Municipality of the Vo. of Pontiac.
Minutes of General Quarterly Session of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac, hold at the usual place amt hour of the aiding# of the Council, to wit :	At the Council Hall in the village
of Bryson on Wednesday, the eighth day of the month of March, J899, at the hour of ten in the forenoon, at which session were present, the warden, G. H. Braba-zjii, Ksqr., Mayor of the village of or wee du Fort; and Councillors, Michael Hayes Ivor., Mayor of the Municipality of Sheen, Esher, etc ; Thomas I ouporo Bsor., Mayor of the Municipality of l In* cheater; James E. McGuire h«qr, Major of the Municipality of Allumette Island; James Heunessy Kiqr., Mayoi of the Mumcipaluy of Cnapeau; .laines Adams KmV ., Mayor of the Municipality of Waltham and Bryson ; Edward Barn-ford Ksqr., Mayor of the Municipality
of Mansfield and Pontefract;
Sharpe E*qr., Mayor of the Municipality
of Fort Coulmige; Paul McNally h-qr.,
Mayor of the Municipality of Litchhe.d;
F. E La.-alle K-qi .* Mayor of the Munt-cipalitj’ of Calumet Island; b . C. h-Zouche, Mayor of the Municipality of Bryson; Thos. McFarlane K*qr., Mayor
,,f the Municipality of C amidon; G 1 Hudgins E qr., Mayor of the Municipal : ay of Shawvillv; Edward Graham Rqr ,
Mayor of the Municipality <>f Bnstul;
-J William Moumy Ivqr., Mayor of the Municipality of Onslow ; 0- Kennedy E or., Mayor of the Municipality of S.mh pan of Onslow; W H. Meredlili K .,r„
.Mayor of the Municipality of Quyou; an Patrick doycEqr , M.yor of the Mu. unaimiiously.| g
M. P.. McLeod
-	. p.U,n r Eoir., Mayor of the Ma Stewart, Cl -ran amt (.race.
Mavor Have.- th,f G.r.i.d U. UraUz. m Council having listened with great niter V ,,r M .VO -¦ f the vi lige of Portage du est to Messrs. Poupore, blewart, Uoran b’oA.'bj IV elected ivardeu of this Muni and Grace and others upon the important
1	a», u» ««.•»«.«.	w
head of the H ard, th.o king the <’ 'itrcil putting foitli tn the promotion of this	^llO ColO^iated	ITOfth"W63t	StOVQ,
.....	fZZZTlCZ	W|licl, has cmmamlol a very largo sale throughout the cotta -
; Mayer >l"noy it ov.s, seconded by the Government of Canada, asking that	from tile filCt that it llilS been found tO 1)0 the best fill-
ïïsLkm xsr^. :«rd ÏT5££ X „L-	«,
ried unanimously.	Canal Company to secure its early
Mayor Kennedy seconded hy Mayvr OounUenoement	and speedy Corn
Hayes, moves that Mayor Meredith in d pietton. — Carried unanimously.
Mayor I". McNally, be appointed County I Mayor Kennedy moves, seconded by Delegates, iu conjunction with tile war Mayor Mooney that for the purposes of den. -Carried unanimously.	! the current year, the sum of eighteen
Mayor McNally moves, st cmnlcd by ' hundred and fifty dollars anti fifty nine Mayor Palmer, that Messrs Win. Loth , cents be levied and collected at a rate of iati and Patrick O'Meara of the village i f 1.0005 in the dollar on every dollar of pro Bryson, be appointed auditor».—Carried perty mentioned and assessed in the > al-unanimously.	uatiun Rolls now in force, as revised by
Mayor DeZ >uche moves, seconded by this Council for County purposes in the Mayor McNally, that Mr. Woi. B dam of month of December 18%, for the current the village off Bryson, be appointed Con- year 18%; and that a by law be now stable tor the purposes of the Council for drawn up and passed authorizing sat the ensuing tern —Carried unanimously, levy of $1850.59.—Canted unanimously.
A letter from J. M McDougall, E <|r., By law introduced and read a first, under date of March 3rd, mst., address- second and third time and passed, ed to the Soc. Tiras., stating that the Mayor Meredith, seconded by Mayor case of C nrendon vs. Pontiac, has been Hainford, moves; that whereas the sum fart!u r adj lurued to the 20th mst., t was of eleven thousand nine hundred and fifty read.	four dollars and eighty cents ($ll,9o4,8U)
The matter of keeping Mr. Win, Bell j is required annually to meet the payment who has been here as a witness in the of interest and sinking fund accruing on
Clarendon vs. Pontiac case, since the lfih account of the debentures issued under ult ., was considered by the Council ai d ; By-law No. 21) of this Council, and in as there is no certainty of the case being order to raise the said amount a rate of brought on, on the 20.h, mst., the C<»un 00323 in the dollar on every dollar o cil concluded that it would be better to | property mentioned and assessed in t ie .low Mr. Bell to return home. His bill Valuation Rolls as revised and homolu -gainst the County for time and expenses gated for County purposes, of the several amounts to $35 00.	I Municipalities of this County is required
The Secretary-Treasurer presented his Be it resolved therefore that the Sec y.-cish statement for the year 1898 along Treasurer be, and is. hereby authorize! with a statement of arrears due by local and instructed to proceed to collect from municipalities accompanied by the audi- the ditierent Municipalities of this Coun-turs report.	ty, immediately, their share and proper-
Mayor Hayes Moves, seconded by May	tion due by each such Municipality as
or Poupore that the Sec y.«Treasurer’s j	their share aud proportion of the satu sum
cash account with statement of arrears, ot $11,954,80.
etc., and auditor’ report, as ju?t read, be Mayor Adams moves, seconded by May-
b»»?! %
session, afin	d’obtenir	un	acte	prorogeant	The waideii informed the Council that	Come from Collingwood as expert valus
SflSS"!	wmS51"SS« S.-3Î4SK1:	>i» u,„k -i ...	t.»g,«ami.r, b. r«.d.- v...
nord-ou st jusqu’à	tin	point dan-	le	comté	future instead of at the Montreal Bank,	ried unanimously
de Ponifae, ef- (8) de son terminus actuel a ttS ln tjie pant; which would mean a con la discussing the inodes of making the
:	siderable .av.ng ... the County in Cum-	valuatton, throughout the County the
nu*8i nourcommenoer et compléter	les ponts	mission, as the Bank of Ottawa will do	present year, Mayor ( ira ham aug0is
iHSSSSr:
ligne principal et	de ces	e6 te ouations ;	et	*|,d also that the Bank of Ottawa has	the said committee to be composed of two
poor d au i res fins	agreed t) let this Council have what	men from some of the Rural Municipal-
m-ney it may require from time to time i	ities and the third man to be chosen fmm certAinfrom the local Secy Treasurer’s the
at the rate of 5 per cent, interest.	one of the vi lage Municipalities, their nun)t)erof nai„e8 to be entered upon such
The Sec. Trees stated that as there is	duties to begin early H» Augnst and De	Ro,u	_Carried	unanimously,
a considerable balance to the ervdit of the	completed before io P ... .	j	Mayor	Graham	moves,	seconded by
Council it would bd botter to pay off the 1,113 Council. **y	l	Mayor Hodgins, that a vote of thanks be
amount due to the estate of the late John i wlt*1 J coPy of the a ua lu"	tendered to the reporter of the semi-
Hi y sou, which with accrued interest euc,! Municipality* an eX*1	. Weekly .Journal and also to the editor of
amounts to S380 03	properties in each Municipally	/ the Pontiac Advance for their kindness
M ved by Mayor Heunessy seconded	can get over in one day. A	er	g	ig	in offering to publish the proceedings of
by Mayor Palmer that the suggestion of	ever the whole County th	<•	e	this meeting along with the financial
the Sec y Treasurer be adopted and that 1,1 n^>rt to this Council. If the va u Maternent and auditor’s report for 1898, he be authorized to pay to the estate ^f | is too low, how mue P8	., free of charge.—Carried unanimously,
the late John Bryson* the amount due bo added; if too high, how mu ,	Mayor McFarlane moves, seconded by
as stated above.—Carried unanimously.	committee to appear persona J	Mayor Joyce that the warden bo	allowed
Mayor Bunford moves, seconded by	,h,a Council and present their	if '	1	the sum of one hundred and fifty dollars
Mayor Adams that the sum of $25.00 be	lhti meeting m September.	($1.50) as compensation for travelling exgranted to the General Hospital at Mat- The matter left over.	, * , peases and other necessary outlay in the
tawa. M «yor D* Zouche moves in amend- Mayor Renne j movies, si <	«	interests of the County.—Carried unant-
ment th.- each of the l,o,pi,.D at Pen, M.,Or Meredith. thM Mr. J ™	mou,ly.
broke and Mattawa be granted the sum nel of ,ho vl,,n^e of S'1}0! ’ v 1	,XU(\ Moved by Mayor Adams, seconded by
of twenty-five dollars.	a special superintendent to ay o	Mayor Sharpe that this Council	du now
For the Amendment — Pou pore, dr‘*"r UP a procès verbal of a r<!3 j*	adjourn.—Carried unanimously.
H.ye*, McNally, D. Z »uche, L .Lllv, eidcli.-e between lot» 0 »'•“ 7 ° he	(Signed.) William G. LeR-.y.
Heune*5y, and McGuire.	range of the Township of ¦»	*	Secretary Treasurer. Tlio Windsor Hotel of New \ ork < ity,
Far the M.in M -lion — P.lmcr, repart tnthi. Oeüncil not .tnr .1,« t	_____ wan completely destroyed by fire
Kennedy, Mooney, D.igg, Adun.i, li»t of June next.—CerridU unannuou.	i March 17th, caused by a lace drapery
Banded, McFarlane, Joyce, Hod- 'y-	,, v Eight lumdred men were empioyed m ! catching fire just na St. Patrick’sd*y i»r-
gins, Graham, Meredith and Sharno. ! Mayor Mooney moves, seconded	by	Ottawa on Monday clearing hhow h";»"	^le	was passing.	The	tire	spread	with
The amendment declared lo.t and the Mayor Palme-, th.t the Secretary	Treav	the atreeta and electric railway	tracks.	RUch	a,K1.Illing	rapidity, that	many	per
Connecting with Ho!I E'ectric Rnüwsy main mo i n cirri d.	I ure-r furni.l. Valustior. Roll, to each <-f The snowfall measured luj inches, the ; ^ ,,wished in the building, while oth-
ût Aylmer.	The S crttary-Treasu rr having asked the rural and village Municipalities, t" be hoax lost this winter. I he Ntuim co«t I lie erK met death by jumping from the win-
P. W RESSEMAX,	forsn it.cn as- in his sahry which wa< u.ed in meki i« the new valuation, this <>ttawn «treofc railway ( oiiijMiny about doW8> Fifteen arsons were killed, uud
GKXBitAL KVFBRiNTLNDF.NT j recoiumetided ly the auditors aid ondon- current y tar 18D9 as soon as .ie can as* ,	.	| as many more are missing.


ffi
HOLD UP
Ken-pull-out
Fitted «ith

A minute and read this
Bovs
the
beginning to approach
if your clothe» a conditio» .it iuuocuoue desuetude which
io discard thorn.
are
a
<S
Motion — Sharpe, 11 ay VH, McNally, DuZuche, Lasalle, Lasa le, Heunessy, McGuire, Palmer, Bamford, McFarlane, Hudgins, Graham and Meredith. — dared, carried.
Mayor PeZouohe, before the adjourn-for dinner, extended an invitation
Main
will make it necessary
— not for one
We want yur patronage
time only, but permanently. If we get
certain to secure the
It is better to SERVE the public than to CHEAT It.
It Is better to make a FRIEND of a customer than a VICTIM.
It Is better to HELP one’s patrons than to HURT them.
What Is fair and Just to the CON. SUMER Is best In the long run for
the STOREKEEPER.
THIS STORE IS RUN ON THESE
PRINCIPLES.
the former we are
The main motion de-
llecause our stock of
Why ?
Suiting) 1) of the latvet pal terne, choicest
coloring», and best of all, we know how
¦ike them up to fit and please.
suit now while the
mem
to all the members of this Council to a banquet to be given this evening, at the Clifton House, in honor of Messrs. McLeod Stewart, W. J. Pou pore, Cloran and others who are to address a meeting in this Hall on the subject of the M. 0. & Georgian Bay Canal scheme.
The invitation was thankfully accepted by a majority of Councillors. The Council nuw adjourns to two o'clock in the afternoon.
Pursuant to adjournment the Council assembled at two in the afternoon, the same members being present.
Moved by Mayor Dagg and seconded by Mayor Bamford that the business of the Council he now suspended to allow the gentlemen who have come here to address the meeting in the interests of the M.O. A Georgian Bay Canal scheme opportunity of doing so.—Carried
to 111
Select your spring range is largo
A. B. McGUIBE.
_L%tcbt Now Yoik fashions now
1\ S
in.
GQQDWYN
5


The Watchmaker,
ÀRX PRIOR, ONT.
K.
b>

F0&
WE HAVE IT!
REMARKABLY OHfAP....

delivered by
: FARMER.
I
FOR
TEE STOVE
Tin:
(. i t'OI gv


O

• from Messrs. Johnston &
go to
CbIMsoi & Mb
Having procured the agencj
of Smith’s Falls, Ont., for the sale of their Stoves




Their stoi k will be fourni large and second to none in
the county.
in a few iv confidence.

1 have also several styles of Under Oven Stoves, to which I would respectfully draw the attention of intending purchasers. Call and inspect the goods and 1 am satisfied wo can suit you if you want a first class article.
Mirrored Sideboards front $*> S«i up. Cupboards from $•> *>0 up.
Extension 1’ables from $4 00 up.
3 piece Bedroom Suits from 87 00 up.
Double Beds from $1.45 up, and othvr articles too numerous to mention nt like value.

w3F".
9
Shawville.
Main Street,
y
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS— —A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING,
'tV
The Boffdlo All-Steel Disc Harrow.
This In the only Disc Harrow made or sold In Canada, having independent, adjustable spring pressure upon the Inner ends <>l the gang discs, allowing any amount of pressure to be thrown upon the Inner ends of the gangs, by the foot of the operator. By this means a perfectly flexible action Ik secured and the ground can be worked to a uniform depth. Examine this Machine carefully and compare It with others.
Next Door to Dosai.dhon's Jewi:i.lek'* s
m
Main St., - - Shawville.

UNDERTAKING



mm
smm
}
As usual this Branch of our business is equipped with all necessary supplies including the best embalming appliances.

The Mo. 12 Cultivator
i^5PlP
i


IK A MARVEL OK SUCCESS. The only Cultivator made that both lines of teeth will cut an even depth In the ground. Examine Hand you will see wny. The only Cultivator with a double tooth set so that the angle of the teeth can be regulated to suit any condition of soil. Pressure can be regulsted to act differ nlly on every section requiring It. The teeth are carried between the wheels Instead of trailing behind, as In other machines, thussecurlng lighter dralt. This machine Is furnished with grain and grass seed box when required. It bus reversible diamond steel points for the teeth; also extra wide thistlecutting points can be furnished: Examine It and you will buy no other.
4 PPLICATION will be made at.the next session of t he Parliament of Canada by the Pontiac Pacific Junction Hallway Company for an aci to extend the time for commencing and completing Its extensions already authorlz d:-(l) from its present 1er-minus at Waltham to sanll Ste Marie via Pembroke, (2) nom its present terminus nt Walt h un in a north westerly direction to a point In the County til Pontiac, and (3) from Its present terminus at Aylmer to a point hi Hall, and thence over the Ottawa river to Ottawa ; and also lor commencing and completing the bridges authorized to be constructed over the Ottawa River nt Allumette Is and ; and for power to build b anches from its main line and extensions ; and for other purposes.
*0XCN Nt« BUFFALO FaUNÎ ALL LULL Oi$v HAAftOW
y
ai
a
The best Drill Made.
HUAOW N. <i SECTIONAL SfAJNC TOOTH CULTIVATE
A. FERGUSON, Solicitor tor s Id » Company. Dated this 25th day of January, 18V9.
I
The Hoosior Meeds No Introduction.
Over 40,000 Drills and Seeders or our manufacture In use In Canada. The only Drill made with lever for instant and perfect regulation of depth of lme In all kinds of soil, while team Is in motion. Sows absolutely correct to scale ; saves seed, as every kernel Is deposited at a proper depth to grow. Purchase only the best and you will be satisfied.
We also manufacture Hinders, Reapers, Mowers, Hakes, Cultivators and Pulpers.as good astbe best.
Send for illustrated catalogue.
)
MCJ0W * f HL H
MA 0*1 U.
NOXON BROS. MFG.CO., (Limited)
INGEUSOLL, ONT,, CANADA.
W- WILSON, Agent
Shawville, Que.
A. FERGUS1 >N,
Solliciteur de la dite compagnie. Dut ô ce 23 janvier ltttW.
It is rumoured that a large paper mill will be established near Ottawa by a syndicate of New York publishers who are feeling the oppression of the American paper trust.

II
fciÉf
tide r
mm
— -W
The Rev. W. T. Herridge has been given an increase of $1,000 a year as pastor of St.Andrew's church, Ottawa, llis salary is now $4,500 a year, with free manse.

Poniiac Pacific Jonction Ky
o
To Cure Hams.—The following is con- e sidervd a very good formula for curing hams and shoulders . T * • very 100 lbs. of hams take beet coarse sal', 8 lbs ; saltpetre; 2 « z*. ; brown sugar, 2 lbs ; water,
4 gals. Mix the above, and pour over the hams after they have lain in the barrel two days. Let the hams remain in the brine two weeks, and then drain several days before smoking.
Official Time Table :
A. Il
Aylmer tBreekim ridge f Eardley Parker's Crossing t* Mohrs canyon XV y man's ? Ta ii k Bristol
MfiK"
Khavvvi Ile Cl irU ’h
Campbell’s Day ?T ink î ' Vhitc.it t’ou'omre ’ lf«*llmiN Walt ha m
•H-ig Station. tTank. ? Flag Station.
Arrive IMS
•I 21
P.06
5.45 .Leave
• »
44
601
• I
6.12
h.dt
8.50
«•
6.16
• «
V
6 26
8.40
««
6 47
# 4
H 22 6,14
4 «
6 47
• 4
• «
6.56
• •
8 08
6 58
« «
8 02 7 52
«4
7 01
7.26
. 4
7.31
7 45
7. IS
6.00
4#
P
4 •
7.16
8U3
on
4 4
7.<H>
6.12
4 I
44
<1.54
41
6.40
8.47 |
•*.55 Arrive

44
I^nvJ 6.:tV









JbM












