###PAGE###1###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)


? *
K


• V
r
I
/

//
)
• A
No. 3.
17th Year.
SII AW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, JULY 0, 18$>9
81.00 a Year in Advance.
SS2S l urns jmi
Mr. John Hobbs, who recently sold his farm to Mr. August Rose, has taken agency for Luke tiros, nursery stock.
PERSONAL
'The
an
Reliable Bargain House/
The old reliable Frost & Wood Mow-	^
ers at price# that will pay you to call and ho convinced that they are ahead.
A. Smiley.
Capital (fully paid up) . 11,600,000.00 ......................$1,170.000.00
OP CANADA.

Mr. XV illie Knox, teacher of Ashton, is '1 ,JIe to spend the summer holidays.
Miss May Lang, of Ottawa, ts visiting
iu town—the guest of the Misses McGuire.
\
J
Board of Directors : Charles Maobb, Esq., President George Hay, esq.,Vice-President
Hon. Geo. Bryson, Jr,
?lex. Framer, Emq.,
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000 RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
Great Mid-Summer
Messrs. John M. Hudgins and John Dolan were elected to till the on the village school board at the meeting held on Monday morning for that purpose.

vacancies
John Mather, Khq. David MacLajien, Hikj.
Head OAlee, - Montreal.
V*

I
Mfh. Dilworth and children, left on
I ueaday morning to visit her relations at Lake \ iew, Que.
Mr. J, T. Pattison, of Ottawa, spent Dominion day and Sunday with his ter, Misa Pattison, in town.
Dennis Murphy, Ehq.
CLEARING SALE I
GEOROEBURN D. M. FINN IE
General Manager, .. .. Manager
8HAWVILLE BRANCH,
Wanted—A few good milch cows rea Honal»Ie°rotea °D approved eecurlty al I Must bp easy to milk and keep in pasture
Farmers notes bought and collected.	^	v
Money transferred to all parte of the world. I	1,11 ^	b actoI7
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
SIS
"the Domin-
Notes and Bills collected.
^Intereat allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
ion
SAVINGS BANK.	I Come «ndin.reot our .lock of imchl- M,«, Smith and Mi.. Bouifield. of
a li:,1™ “Kif'jïr „:r	, ;¦
Office Hours . . 10 a.m.tos p.m.	consequently going like hot cakes. Be j again on Monday uiornimz
Saturdays . . . 10 a m. to i p.m.	| in the swim and secure the best m^Èss |émé
F. A. PARKER,
Manager
TO COMMENCE
TUESDAY, JULY 4TH,
Bums of $1 and upwards received U Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. ra.toSp. m; Saturday 10am. to p. m.

Mrs. Whitmore, of Sherbrooke, Que.,
sSSHsStwiS	Sh’
poa# the road maker will be put into ser-	m ^aylor, of the Molson’e Bank
as soon as teams can be procured. Montreal,
There is also considerable ditching to be P,irt‘nt8> the VenH m m_
done, which will be likely given out by Naylore
•lock of lounge, and parlor au,tea at aur- widen the roadway a. much aa poùible. I Mia, Seifert. B. A., left for her home primogly low prioea, quality oonaidered. The earth excavated I. to be removed to M" Quebec on Thursday morning Mias
Some of our farmers, who have an extra	in8 knowledge of thia kind of work and	_ Ml" Lillie D.lworth left on Friday
large quantity to cut, began haying oper-	w^o would be disposed to undertake the job	*V7rnl®B Montreal, where she will reasons la*t week	referred to, should visit the locality and *Jde. w,li? her ftUnt> Mrs, (Rev.) Williams,
estimate the extent of the work re- durmp thti coming year, and further ad-Crops in general while looking pretty quired.	varice her education at one of the city inBP The Shawville Marble and Gran- well, except on some clay lands, are Raid I	.	| atitutions.	Domestic GincrhÂm's
ite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor to bo much more backward than last	_	- ZT	_._ 0	.	,	'.	. *	' *
turns out a superior class of work in Mon year- Harvest is expected to be fully	Dominion Day,	oCOtCh bingnams,'
uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason- two years later than in 1898.	| a, ...	. .	,	Clarendon School Commissioners. White PiCQUes
able	T * tx • •	,	Hhawville this year did not have a	- -	r-»-
Dost. -On Dominion day, somewhere	monoply of honoring the anniversary of	[Shawville, 29th June, 1809.	Fancy	PlCqUGS,
UNDERTAKING.—The undertaking between Miner vide and the Slides, Bry-	the Dominion’s biith. Picnics-several of |	Adjourned meeting of the School Com-	FanCV	Muslins
equipment of Cuthbertson & Graham is «on, a navy-blue cape of! a ladiy’s water- them good ones, too—were held in dif- mi*sionerHof Giarenclon resumed this day. u/u *7 sii	I
second to none in the distiiot, and all proof coat. Finder will please leave at feront parts of the county. One at Cal-	Kalph Hodgins, chairman ; Com- VVhlt© Muslm, black Spot. Black M USlin, white Spot,
orders receive prompt .ttention at mod- this office.	! umot Slide,, largely .1,ended, and an. IZZt^iLh^^ Hm%"'	I II	H I	I	— .
AsarA &.££ *treat feaaffs Dress Goods, Laces, Trimmiqgs,
•iB. Lth..?'rzse:	j.d£	E,r	skirts, Blouses, Etc.
““.T	,	STRAW HATS-thirty dozens, all kinds-AT COST !
M“d7' ,	Ti%xq:;-r.t,boots and shoes.
occupied the Pontiac House gallery, ar8*	Although lacking the customary salute I HU.[rr ^ ami is hereby instructed to settle	iss^ a a,	X '
“ h“ ““ - “*	-"2ÆtS3?wSi	EL0I?IN5 . y ,
Mr. S. Armstrong, of our village, has left at this office. The owner may have Whl?h 'announced to the gazing throng Sec.-Treasurer settle with all the teachers	VI D6SL m<U£6. oEllUlOrd cUlU JollllStOll fifOOdS ill-
•ESOSSS65
ESSSE-‘-~ fïr.®sdf.ïâ£rS SrS?S	............- -
that dinner was ready, and wondered of Trainer Bil1, or desiring rather to t° Pay the teachers if necessary.— I AT any time.
The brick work of the new roller mill f[om whence it came; but soon found reserve their equine forces for the Ca>r/ie(i\ ,	„ t
has been delayed for some days owing to that lfc proceeded from a new whistle approaching hay harvest, did not put in Thrls	f h^I?hItcfîcSîlded by Ulir bâlG IS uOHUlHO.
%% 2	sx ass? nrrai aa* sri» feesS
aible, by Mr. Armstrong’s staff of brick- Taken by Mist ake — Mrs Hobbs (luenl,y ahe won with both feet (the front ( ause the same to lie paid with costs and
SsFSH1=HE
sssstSEffi
Sunday next at 2. p. m. at St. John’s IoDS lnchee wide, and framed. The	Nellie Shea, wrhoae
s™sf as^STRjrts MJfflar* ’mM“’bi E'*PF" r f r-t?
EEiE Hr 4
Complaints are being made of the ex- June ^8th, at ( arleton Place, to Miss tendency to monkey off the track, which istence of a horrible stench arising from .	* 'orence ^ dson, who, we understand, was the means of losing “ the pot ”
the decaying carcase of some animal that â relative of Dr. Alexander, of this his_
hw been thrown into what is known as p .ce: ^om	business somewhat In the afternoon, the 3 minute race,
" Kidney 1 guUy on the outakirta of the (lu,et,y* we muut confess; still we will not came first, and alternated in the heats corporation1* limits. The reprehensile *nakti ttmt a reason for with holding our with the “ free for all/’ practise of peo^® disposing of dead ani- hearty congratulations.	The only outside horse entered
mala by hauling t^em into the bush along The Academy closed its labors for the from Q0*00’ "a™^y, Mr. VV. Lawson’s the roadside and leiVihg them unburied, summer term on Wednesday last, with pret?y llttle 44 Coronade,” who was the menace to the health of the com- appropriate exercises, and a very pleas- Miration of all as he led the field, ~ munity, and should not be tolerated. | ing gathering took place in Hodgins’ hall good 8<luare trot- This race varied i
MM
EEHErEH ES—SS EFd - 4Bz
1,011 *	This reminds us that a fate of something Next on the program came a lacrosse coun. Cowan, tha
The following item is from one of our of the same nature befel the tent used ! malch between a team from Quyon and j Brsbazon’s offer ? exchanges “ A hundred acre farm in by the Holiness people in Thorne a few the village club. This occupied the at- corporation for tl Pontiac county, fifteen miles from Am- weeks ago. If successful in • battling tention of the crowd tor aWut forty min- he (Mr. Brabazo prior, has been sold for $100. It is ' against the Imp of Darkness himself, it utes, during which time the rubber was pare the said pi useful only for grazing purposes, and would seem from the above that the kept pretty much in the vicinity of the Moved by cm cannot even be very useful for that or it zealous adherents of the Hornerite move- visitor’s flags; but strange to say no goals coun. Shaw, th would command a higher price.” We ment have not yet discovered the means were scored by the home team. At this ing a tax at th* fancy there is a slight mistake here, to cope with the climatic influences of his juncture an accident to a Quyon man dollar for roa While there are many hundred acre Iota kingdom. The scheme of providing church- j resulted in the match being dropped. | year 1899 to 1 in Pontiac that could be bought for $100, ee»instead of tents for their meetings, Entries for foot races were then called I Treasurer.— (
(and some are not even worth that figure) seems, therefore, the correct idea. ’ for, and much time was spent in endeavor we doubt if any hundred acre farms can T	^	ing to get a sufficient number of the young I and third tin
be purchased for the sum mentioned. *v , ,, wcek ? 1 emb™*e Observer had fellows to try conclusions with the veto- Moved by
SgsM zœgjrsS?y&aS£w53 “
A. Smiley
and continue for two weeks.
i8ŒZ,nv:5ti8|The Great IV|oney-Saving Event of the Season !

LOCAL NEWS.
Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
j;
Call and inspect stock of buggies and carts. We have the best.
Have you tried Dowd’s 44 High Loaf ' Flour ?
A. Smiley
A first-class Surrey for sale—cheap.
A. Smiley.
Gentlemen—See our shirts, colllars and ties; now lines just in
jidr~ John Murtagh has opened a whole* sale bquor store at Campbell’s Bay.
Wheelmen,—You will find a full line of bicycle sundries at the Shawville drug store.
Business has been very satisfactory so far, but in many lines our stock is rather heavy, and to make a quick clearance have decided to CUT PRICES so low that a few days will do the work.

8th with befitting ceremonies
J H.Shaw
X
i
Decided Bargains in
Mr. John Grant who elected school missionsr for Clarendon on Monday in the room and stead of Mr. W. C. McDowell.
com

J
Black Dress Muslins, plain, Black Dress Plain and Fancy Ducks, Plain and Fancy Crash, Plain and Fancy Drill,
s <
check,


A

,i
-4
Moved by Thos. Prvnderga
.. .	. ,	, . A1	b> Robert Smart that the Sec-------------
Although lacking the customary ftalute 8u.rcr be and is hereby instructed to settle
left at this office. The owner
V

I
t
We don’t try to
FOOL ANYBODY
*
Prove it and save Money.
/
J. H. SHAW.


June 27, 1899.
further information 1 Mr Farrell’s mine is still keeping up Its record and panning out good.
Gamed. » ^ ri. ,	/ Moved by coun. Cowan seconded by coun. |	8AN8 erem<>nie.
i x?rVV? ÿn	« Prt*ndergast seconcK . Hynes that tenders be called for the fol-	------•------
by W.G. McDowell thatthe Sec-Treasf er lowing quantities of lumber and cedar, re- A BIG REGATTA FOR be and is hereby instructed to settle with specLively 4000 feet of two-inch pine or	OTTAWA
Robert Strutt for his children according to cedar plank, the same to be neatly and
^	Hanlanha..^ Scheme on.
Moved by J hos. I rende;	' *^ed good sound inch pine lumber ; also 10 ce-	---
to ; ’y, y G. McDowell that	10feet long, 100 cedar sleepers 5 The Ottawa Journal saya :—Ned Han*
'assir	...
term.—Carried.	' v ! the bluest amateur and profeeeional
Moved by Roht. Smart	'T»r given in America. Hanlan
C. McDowell that wea£.	r- ,.,h,ne8i and it atrikeg
* ever

/
4
*
<
J
owner
re

came
m a
none
Shawville <
»


*



:


By-law wa
J. U. H Sec-7


Minute-

wm




P. L.



were
when
ondef

I





###PAGE###2###
(S) ABIMEE (S)
PABE

)
>
\
f 0



THE EQUITY, JULY 6, 189».
CRIPPLES TO ORDER
I hew dey» without »	#*** «yfing»
» ntl * aupfly of 7»ri„u. ‘wwMd“1
Not only do we have to make » continuous and determined fight to secure good fruits and vegetables, but the plant enemies have also invaded our flower gardens, and many of our moat popular and once easily grown flow-|j||||]||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| ir » i e I y i* i» perfect lOB
favorite vio-
ganiama which are known to be capable of thriving in milk are given an opportunity of making their influence felt ; but when, from any cause,—aueh a# the presence of dirt, etc.—the other organisms are afforded the necessary facilities for development, they also
soon begin to assert themselves, and in this way produce one or other of the many conditions which are known to affect injuriously the ehurnability of milk and cream. Heretofore the explain lion usually given for the ropi-netsi of milk was that it was due to the ill-health of the cows. May it not be that, after all, this was quite a correct explanation, for is it not possible that the f ict the milk is obtained from cows which are constitutionally unsound ma y render such milk all the more susceptible to the attack and more favorable to the develoiunent of the organisms, which are the immediate cause of the ropiness f
jftlhe Home ]
A OTES AND COMMENTS
4 Horrible ¦¦«(«••try IH«f#witil M TMo*»
In I*palw*
The Journal (PHygUme, of Parle, re-porU the artificial product ion of cripple», who are afterward made to beg upon the street.
The seat of the manufacture is To-loss, near San Sebastian, Spain. Agent» of the factory travel far searching for children who are club-footed or deformed. These are brought to Toloaj, usually w hen seven or eight years old,
whi.h............."iztzrt
flower» by causing the foliage to dnq (lnm„ iu Spanish, but the thing is the but areally lessens the vitality uf * hr game—gather» hie poor little ehaiges,
growth the next spring, thus tailing ^ Wliy| tllHy reach Paris iu time for . rc i.lv victim to the disease again the ,imlu ,1 "Fair of Spiced Uiead." To successfully comb.it this plague re- ln 18H7 the French Ministry of the dites tiroitipl and thorough treat- inl„rior estimated that 400 such I lime n't. Bordeaux mixture is the rem- tl)1 cripples were either made or made •*dv and the plants should be t hoi - xvurge and taken into trance, f he in-oughly sprayed with it before the ^u*Iry has prob bly not grown larger leaves start iu the spring, and once or ginoe.
twice every week thereafter, during A aomewhat similar association gath-t he entire growing season, using care er# |itt|e Savoyard boy a to become iu destroy all diseased leaves.	!" sweeps.” They are practically beg-
The cosmos borer is very destructive gar# tiiuoe there are few chimneys in
to cosmos, dahlias, and asters.	| parU they can enter,
uuently destroying all the plants, or, lu eilht.r case the wretched shun go damaging them as to cause them t<> BWeep or the equally wretched b«*ggar produce very inferior flowers. The fol-| brings 30 0r 40 cents each night to him lowing î«™ a complete remedy if used pa(jrofl or he gets beaten. And if tne in time Take one level 1 easpoonful beating makes the poor child look Paris green to three gallons of water, muri, miserable so much the belter and pour around tlie base of the stalk for padron. The pennies will fb>w ao as to soak the ground for two or |nure generously if the child looks three inches deep, commencing when % retched.	t
the plants are only about a foot high,	_
and repelling the application once ev-
wevk until the pi uni is about AWAY WITH THE ENVELOPE
.vi
Almost his r The gregar- ^
iu
On the Farm.
Men is a social being
>
every action proves it lous instinct is as strong in man as
lk»gs delight to | CARE OF FARM MILK IN HOT
WEATHER,
»nv other annual
hum ui pack»; so do turn, only thsii packs are larger, and the game they
A MAMMA SONG.
My baby's learned to walk I 0, very well he goes
On his little unused feet, eneb softer than a rose.
Ah, how much his mamma loves him a baby never knows,
Rut you will, some day, won t you
Ha by f
I love each sunny
his forehead blows,
I love his wondering eyes and his funny little nose,
1 love his little teeth that shine tu two white rows,
Recause they belong to my baby.
I love his rounded cheeks, where the sea-shell color shows,
l love his dimpled finger», and hm pudgy little toes,
I love the very buttons upon his little clothes,
Because they’ve been worn by my baby I
A reader describes difficulties VI hu h pursue is more difficult to capture. “U| are ao common that a reply will suit
1 for man to be alone/’ and
ors are now The ruse, especially, is a
tim of many insecte and fungus disHut with me (hr most <li«Aided
the black
U not 3
in most cases he is not alone
fonts for himself companions, he fel-|wi§hee better conveniences for caring
other
He has two cows
thousands of oa&ea
50 to 60 lbs. of milk daily and
• Illl
lie
C I SC 4
of all the fungus known as
giving
for it. He sets in small pans in a cellar which is not very oool and this
lowships in some quarter or Everybody leans somehow on
body else. The social inclination ever j @^@0^ much work ami gives poor re-
influential, which is after all
curl that around
some-
He wishes to save work ami get
suits
remains
but the outgoing of the heart after I	results. He asks if digging
kin-soul w ho will prove to the down 3 or 4 (, ,n ( |,e cellar bottom
some
otherwise isolated nature a true so-j y**tt ing a large tile in the hole, cilia,” or fellow. Multiply this cone- ^pn usiug deep cooler cans for the i*tion of sympathies indefinitely, by	and yetting in the tile, will help
numberless reduplications of a j matters. It will make less work, but ramified, national life, and there re~|will not give satisfactory results. 1 he suits the idea of society, which is af- | deep coolers require to lx* set in cold ter all but the organization of fellowships, the formal union of commun-1 ^an cold water, as it is a i*>or con-
swayed by a common duct or of heat. The object sought in
CLOVE 11 AND TIMOTHY HAY
the
Clover unless cut before it reaches the blossoming stage will have when dried from seven 10 ten i**r cent, of albuminoids, which makes it a very nutritious ration. Timothy, when in its best estate, which is a little before it
Cold air is much less efficient
water
ions, wherein
emotional, intellectual, commercial o: deep Belling is to oool the milk next political interest, kin-soul seeks kin, |0 the" outside surface of tlie can as affinitive atoms, according to the n cools it settles and the cream geochemist's theory, rush to a mutual em-| aratea and floats to the top, the brace. tio social sympathy tends to warmer milk is drawn to the outside social organization; so personality surface of the can Asit cools it settles
itself in politically ; so in- aiut La also creamed us ll coots, in the
Mi me way. The air on the cellar bottom would not Ik* cold enough to make
this method satisfactory.
If the milk be diluted with water it
of the
USES OF COOKED WATER.
has blossomed, butt only about four to
five per cent, of albuminoids. If it •Iambi until dead ripe most of these vh.ngml to woody fibre, which is
The second
As
A woman who believes that she has
cured, constitutional
•verted, if not
headaches by drinking a glass of hot
before break-
even
a re
very hard to digest growth of clover is much richer than the first. It is hard to cure it without discoloring from excessive fermentation. If secured in good order it should be saved for young stock and for poultry, to be fed to each ill small amounts with other feed.
water every morning fast, takes the same also in lieu of afternoon tea, and sii>s with apparent
She raised a laugh in u little
me rgea
formal co-operation advances of times
relish
company gathered table by asserting that she found almost as much difference in the quality of the hot water at various times as her friends discerned in their cup#
about the tea
to formal corporation
ery
will facilitate the separation cream, but this depreciates the value of the skim milk and t he creaming even then is nut so thorough as to set undiluted milk iu a can surrounded with
cold water. There are many kinds o so-called separators on the market, bas ed ujhmi this dilution of milk with w ter to cream the milk. They cannot be recommended, as water dilution has been repeatedly proven to be ubjec-
ud better results are ol>-
The""black flower beetle I. » met The late,. fad with the ultra (•*-disgusting and troublesome peat, and jonablc is the absence oj the envelope, seems to lie spreading over the voun- hnve gune back to the days ofjjpflfe
SftfflEaSSW* : tjs
in color. I feeds on the open flowers of | were aj| that custom demanded or
Ihv hollyhock, aster end a few others. fcnpw
aHElss: i
flower. When disturbed they drop to robin's egg blue, cerulean, lilac, fawn the ground, a ml the best w y to get rid of them is to take a shallow lwn ,	.
of water, in which a little kerosene envelope.
his been poured, and gather the bugs Une must write on a big sheet, if by shaking the flower» gently |t Izi a letter; on the smaller size for 'i’he kerosene will kill
/Tiy! while I iind then a water may be added for
extre strength, or the seal alone wili answer, if bne desires.
the paper is folded like the cooked hat# ui the dainty squares which nut even
would trouble to
Moreover, it is evident that the number of the cog-wheels, of the moving und of the interrelated me-
New cor-
THE ENGLISH RAILWAY DOGS.
springs c tun Urn. is on the increase
of Oolong or Ceylon.
XVb knew the water bibber to be iu the right, and supported her position. The founder of the famous Delinonicu restaurant insisted that water should be boiled freshly for each brew of tea of Every judge of really excellent tea can detect, on the instant, when it has been made from water just boiled and when the kettle has beeu drugged to the front frtun the hub where it has simmered all the afternoon brought again to the bubble, and then poured upon the dried leaves of the Chinese herb. Eveu more objectionable is the slovenly practice more prevalent below stairs than mistresses suspect of filling the kettle from, the boiler to hurry up the bubble and steam tyro iu tea-tasting knows when the water has never boiled hot enough to scald the fingers on which it splashes, yet be umii for tea
roller! Alms lor ihc Ü blow» it ml Orphans of Employe».
The)
complexities are Social pri-
ce! at ions and new
Railway dogs—those, that is to say, that serve as collecting agents for the various charities—are likely to receive additional attention from travelers,
constantly to be noted
in other words, is becoming, as
The modern or recalled fashion
v liege
lines of traffic push out farther and farther, as international relations are extended, as internal resources are developed, as co-operative tendencies in all lines of life are expanded, a thing of ever larger and finer promise this iimplies a corresponding increase
of responsibility to be an actor in such an age as this
liana bte,
tained by keepidg the w iter of the can. î$o the tile "ill n<M give satisfaction. A water barrel is much better. F*U with water end set the cans of* uaUJz* inside. ( h nge the water whei^Z becomes warm. Ibis will be inconvenant in the cellar, but it is not necessary to keep the milk in the cellar by this plan. Anywhere out ot the sun will do, and the nearer to the well the more convenient it will ‘*5. of course. Many dairymen method, and as u rule they make
. . , . t ,	... tank 24 inched deep for the water and	. .
with	responsibilities	that	forecast	the	for mj|^	otters use tin cans eight in-	attached to	his
•Judgment	day. If	the	average	be-	ekes in	diameter and 20 inches deep.	agt.nt for the	orphans	of railway men
« : % EHHH-E 5
by his contributions,	or j	trjfugai	separator alone will do this,	subscriptions	will	be	thaiiktimy
using a	separator. The «ame .n.iu.rer	J$u, lwrhafw lh«	prince of railway Si%Ar%,^uHar?h%^f i/
:b.^dder
one. of the drivers of the Don on an	characterize as brightness of
Northwestern Company. iMiaicti taste
always accompanied his master un the j bo Water for making tea and coffee foot plate ul the engine, am was wi should be put into the kettle cold and him in a collision, when the a ci « i hurried as rapidly as possible to the killed. “tSnatch was event.ua > iun	^ loses freshness—our hot-wa-
over in the London streets b> t ca . (|rinker would say strength—when lint he lives in a sympathetic pictu heated sluggishly. Warmed over
by Harrison XX 1er.	boil, that is, a singing kettle that bub-
Anothex well known railway < s	an ^uur or su Ugo, and has quietly
was ‘ Jack,” who was quite an institution at the Central Station, Derby. He was a very active, smooth-coated terrier, and lived in the ijorters He could distinguish a Midland from a
North
after her majesty's kindly notice
of the numl>er, at Padding-1 here are still sev-
outiide
for the mticilaged flap of the
1 ini, one
or cream
ton on Monday
eral collecting dogs on the various
lines about (he country, though the
One of

All
mi.) ii
over t he [Kin. them instantly the plants over twice ear any bugs are to be found
_/
invitations, etc.; fold and seal,
more famous are no more the beat known of these dead collectors was "Help”—a collie trained b> a
l am
It is no light thing
note
One
If the social impacts are more nualand significant the upporluiii-
guard on the Brighton line Help,' the railway dog of England”—
bilver medal
Sumeumes
• rous
ties for Christian usefulness are just so much the more pressingly invested
this
use
COOKING TOMATOES
a
read an inscription on #
Tomatoes—To peel tomatoes, plunge ;a culi(,us postman them into boiling water for two min- dally with, and then, if une will, the utee ; then throw them in cold water seal and wafer maybe dispensed
the skins with	.
l)u you want to know how to fold
these dainty missives# Then just ask grumimi.	she has n
slice from the stem of six smooth to- gollen (or it all's true that's said, she
matues ; remove the seeds and soft pulp Lad plenty of them in her young days.
of parsley, one slice of ham, one slice, |ejieed jugl lhe aamo to recall them
of fat bacon, one small onion and one un(, teacb y0U just how they came to
cup of bread crumbs.
season with butter, salt, pepper, one
teaspoonful of sugar and yolks of two
As soon as the eggs are beaten from the fire and stuff the
collar—"traveling
A
My office is
It may be
and remove
iwu minutes with a knife dipped iu hot water.
Stuffed Baked Tomatoes— Cut a thin
writings,
other wise, affect more people than did the apostle Paul, or we may say, the Master himself, the amount of man's social duty to the men of his own gen-
eration very clearly appears eiety be but the sum of all its parts
*YU the more necessary is it that the
Pry all these;
her
The envelope is a barbarism evolved by a suspicious inventor, or may he by one who was practical rather than ar-However, fashion m< ves in
human total should be constituted of segments that for good and benevolent purposes actively multiply themselves together, rather * than of languidly weak units which passively, by some oh inee addition at the hands of forces and circumstances outside of themselves, happen to fall into the same social columns in society is not enough to be that kind of a human factor dasciibable as a social benefactor.
W
sene with it
eggs
in,
luma lues Willi this mixture, heaping it
Sprinkle with bread
Italic	mm ¦¦ m
cycles and the cycle of the envelope Is passing. If you intend to ad, pt this new style of sending letters, he sure that your paper is heavy weight enough to stand the juuiney, and when you receive one, in turn, do not cut and slash as you have been accustomed to do with the envelope, but remove the wafers, break the seal, and the writing will greet your eye untorn.
HOT WEATHER ORCHARD WORK.
are three
in the Centre crumbs, and place a bit of butler on
top of each. WÊÊfM with one cup of hot water to prevent burning. Bake one half hour and serve with brown sauce. A cup of chopped chicken or veal may be used iu place of ham or bacon, if preferred.
June, July and August months during which the orchard and fruit garden need special attention. The orchard is then peculiarly subject to weather conditions. If there is much insects destroy the fruits
Lay iu a buttered pan
To be silent partner
The call is
The
hissed away a certain quantity of vapor and life until moved anew from beneath to repeat the motions of the boiling point, will make a tasteless per brew if poured uj>on leaves or grounds or "shells," and, if drunk by itself, is rather nauseating than stimulating to the stomach.
Always keep one kettle, a large one, full of hot water upon the range for household exigencies, dish-washing, scrubbing, scalding out close vessels, filling hot water bugs, should such Le needed, drawing the pain out of bruises and sprains, soaking the feet in cases of headache or sudden congestion, bathing sure eyes and so many other incidental needs that the big kettle may be regarded as a family pharmacopeia and house-wife’s friend.
The uses—each of which is a blessing— of hot water are manifold. Some are known to every housemother, others are suspected by few. A glass of hot water taken before breakfast cleanses the coat of the stomach, dilutes bile and awakens the drowsy, digestive powers to action. Do not make the mistake of drinking it so hot as to give pain to the delicate membranes that line the alimentary organs.
The same caution applies to the water used for bathing inflamed eyes.
Use it as warm as can be comfortably home. When scalding hot the application defeats the end for which it is ma de.
Unless the water supply of your household is beyond suspicion, cook— not merely boil—all the water drunk in the family. Every morning set a large, clean pot over the fire full of cold water ; cover and bring to a steady boil. Keep this up for forty minutes; pour the water thus sterilized into bottles or glass jars, stop ; with a denim or other washable cover, the mouths with clean raw cotton, cool easy chairs and a table large “cotton wool" and set in the cellar or enough to hold the reading lamp and upon ice for use when wanted. This is a late magazine or book for each a wise precaution to take with the wa- member of the family—large enough ter intended for babies or very young for the whole family to sit around and children at all seasons, but especially read. Then plan your work so that in the summer. The prolonged cook- father and mother and each boy and ing destroys the hardiest of "mnlevol- girl can have time to read at least ent" bacteria and makes the water no j twenty minutes on the busiest day. If more flat to the taste than a five-miu- you do you will have a happy sum-ute boil.	met unless your boys are different
When there is any danger of typh- from mine. It will pay to have these oid, diphtheri or malarial germs in things, the periodicals and books and spring, well or reservoir, the simple the time to use them, even if >ou must precaution indicated here is of incal- economize in clothing, and table ex-culable value. I ho insipidity objected penser to pay for them to by many as inseparable from boiled water may be overcome in a great degree by pouring the water into the drinking gloss from such a height as will exrite a beady sparkle in the depth». This is
aeration and improves flavor and ap-
The some purpose is gain- entertaining chap
run
grower should be provided with spray-
insecticides, and use
Scalloped Tomatoes — Season one quart of tomatoes with salt and pep-to taste, one-half cup of sugar and
Butter
MINERAL QUARTZ.
mg pumps the remedy promptly and according to
If the weather is dry the
room
a few drops of onion juice
deep baking dish and sprinkle over it
layer of bread crumbs and put in a
layer of tomatoes. Dot with bits of butter ;. then bread crumbs, tomatoes, and so on until the dish is full, having the bread crumbs on top.
however,
The subject of sociality,
t be approached merely from
A 4'nbe of II Wise» Eu-*eU aid Draw* Would Kuelrrlf the World.
London & Northwestern or a Staffordshire train, and discriminaie between the servants of the .hree
He was fond of taking
directions insects
•hould
the side of self-interest, but be also considered in the light of opportunity and obligation. The point is not that as civilization advance* man may obtain new chances to simply enjoy himself among his fellows, but that the multiplied extensions of social
largement» of the very capacities of grow,_b being cut by the insects and society itself, impose upon all in- excegBjve dry weather, creasing burdens and possibilities as 'these points are of importance and y&üë	by. In other words, man lby uiehardisL should become Luwiliar
©annot contentedly re^B simply a „lLh liie different conditions and be
extent, and in some line, ever) man	concentrated lye ur suit, either
U. Each individual impinges with a gyrate or mixed. If mixed, take two
society1 parts lime, one-fourth concentrated
lye, one-fourth salt, and oue-half wood three sentences
ashes. Sift this on the ground thick	'pbe worst grumblers in jail are not
of constructive energy to ns entei- enuUgb Lu make a good showing as far	gentlefolk, but lady's maids and
Every life affects every oth- out ay the reach of the lirnbs^ Ibis ap-	®
er life, though that be
original teaching of the declar-. —^	^ green> lou,ton purple, or
No man liveth unto himself, vvbit0 arsenic, and for all insects that
dieth unto himself/’ Ac- suck or use their proboscis, apply kero-
Koot rot is most com-
a
will l>e found at work on the
m
Some very interesting experiments have been carried on by scientists to illustrate the minute subdivision of matter that can be attained
a
trees, either eating the leaves, young growth, or webbing or tenting through the head, and then the white grub and woolly aphis will be getting in their destructive work on the roots though an apple tree may look healthy one
companies trips by train but is laid to have ai-
found his way back to Derby.
ways
Quite
with sweet cream and bake m a mod- mcat remarkable is that accuin-erate oven. Brown just before send-	wUh comtDun mineral qu.rtz.
B	s i~fr—
with salt and pepper. Take the to-, substance. 8u great a tmeness ut matoes out and thicken the gravy with thread, as it were, of this material has
Moisten
Al-
FACTS ABOUT CRIMINALS.
Wdek, it may be found de.d the The trouble is caused by the
H ire Women Iunira blet Than We» nun Poverty lhe (ireule»l 4'uimt.
There are many more male criminals than female.
Well-educated persons are seldom found in prison ; when they get behind the bars it is usually by fraud or for-
thxt were of

teacup of milk, in which one teacup . been attained that it ,i.< invisible to
Place the
a

gery.
Not half the people who go to pn-confirmed criminals reform after one or two or even
of flour has been stirred tomatoes on toast on a hot platter and pour gravy over them
the naked eye, and this exceeding thinness would taper in such a degree that the ends were invisible beneath a mio-
Very
Serve hot
son are many
amount of force on
roscope.
A fiber of unspun silk is about ona five-thousundeth of an inch diameter ; if a hundred qu-urtz filaments! woven like the threads of a rope they would about equal a thread of unspun silk.
The most ingenious plan conceivable was devised in this experiment with quartz. The professor, after reducing the quartz at a very high temperature, touched a little very light arrow to the melted substance, and dischai ged by means of a small crossbow, made for lhe purpose, which would cause the arrow to cm y about 50 feet. As the arrow flew through the air it spun the exceedingly fine thread of the fused quartz.
If a piece of quirtz of the size of a pipe bow 1 were fused and drawn out into a continuous thread it would make sufficient to girdle the earth a half dozen times.
——
about him, and contributes a quantum
THE SUMMER ROOM.
In arranging the home take the pleasantest room in the house for the family living room. If it has not a hardwood floor fill the cracks between the boards with a pa^ie made of soaked newspapers and g|ue and then give the floor two coats of paint.
If you do the work yourself get mixed paint especially prepared |for floors.
If you have rugs use them, but they are not necessary

wore
>
prises
butlers.
Drink is the great cause of crime, gambling provokes embezzlements and breaches of trust.
Poverty directly causes almost no This is very creditable to hu-
not the pre- plication is more lor trees st nding uncultivated. . For eating insects, spray
with paris	¦¦¦¦¦¦
Cise
AtlUU
•ml no man
Llxi W 5-9ci;i8 V%v. His activity is a t-aRXi» 5^His position is not the
2* *3iS o # o ^	Qd^.l^umplex organ- ting the roots. T ill in ordinary top
58m â S	B S ---- -
\	* 1 I»	»fSftliber* Thinning fruit is of vital Import-
llsssss
&%%$ isim	* vr"“‘ b"",,r’
mmgpess
' #. Ù>*
does at i w nc emulsion
mon with the cherry trees, but sometimes attack plum, pear, apple and other trees. This disease is usually the result of overfeeding with strong fertilizer, accompanied by successive rains
To overcome this
crime man nature.
Indirectly, however, poverty leads to poor nourishment, and this in turto, often leads to alcoholism and crime.
The diminution of crime is due to the work of societies which aim tunre for street children rather than to punish them.
Indeed, crime is proportionately much
than when punishments brutal and less humanely
ingly, what any one man h% doe® not do alone, out as a so
force
%
Have a lounge
less common
were more administered.

“ incurable ” prisoners, how-
Among
usually reckoned more women
UMBRELLA DIPLOMACY
A man with an umbrella was walking in the rain; an umbrellaless friend joined him and shared the protection. The umbrella owner noticed that now he was getting only half protection, as the rain and the drippings from the
fell on one
i
VICTORIA’S FINGER RINGS.
There are three rings which Queen
Victoria never by ny chance removes
from her baud, and it is superfluous
to add that they are closely connected with her courtship and marriage. . * * I-- fc^HJone is the little enamel ring set with - «f ^r^Ond^t^rdftQr, «mgie diamond, gi ven to her when
t^-trrrTeritttà ÀÀior? iamflS*»- a child by ITince Albert ;	»n-
of cr|mÏÏÏSt "S tbX°.rd
m
DANGEROUS
umbrella as well shoulder. Seeing another friend without nn umbrella he invited him in out off t t, saying: of room for three/’
i
Mrs. Stiles—l shall never invite Mr. really a system of F un ni man to dinner again.
Mr lea—Why not f He is i very
1
"There is plenty
new ™
Mrs. Stiles—That's just it. He tells ; rangement he now had complete pro-such funny stories that he makes the j tection, as he had to move the urn-ou tier la ugh.	breiln to the position he carried it
when he
friend on either ride protected him Whipping is more dreaded by crim- from the rain while receding the dnp-
i h» umbrella.—Woman's
pea ranee
(*d by shaking the liottle or jar after owning it and pouring out enough of the contents to allow the rest to move freely up and down.



ti
PLANT ENEMIES.
No one should attempt to garden
ur
inn Is th in any amount of iuiprisoi/- purs from
Home Companion
ment

z

s
"S
i
LJB X
wt






^	k-j .


###PAGE###3###
V

> •
é

, f
/
/
>
M
THE EQUITY, JULY 6, If99.
There's a oup of goodnese In every oup of
RAPID TELEGRAPHY.
Poliak, a Vienna engineer, is «aid to have invented a telegraph instrument that will transmit messages over a single wire at a speed of 1,000 words
HBHpBHpHHI
malic instrument will transmit at a speed of tKKJ words a minute, but even such a high speed is seldom required.
“Want of Watchfulness
cMakes a Thief.
Many cases of poor health come from want of watchfulness. *But if you keep your blood pure no thief can steal your health.
The one effective natural blood purifier is Hood’s Sarsaparilla. It never
disappoint».
Impure Blood-” My wife suffered
with pain and distress from an affection of the throat caused by Impure blood. She was almost In despair when she turned to Hood’s Sarsaparilla. Six bottles of this medicine completely cured her.” Joua Wick mai, Galt, Ont.
Scrofula - “ Hood’s Sarsaparilla baa cured me of scrofula. I was weak and debilitated but It made me strong and well. After a severe cold had catarrhal fever. Again resorted to this medicine and it cured me.” Sabah E. Dirot, Annapolis, N. 8.
the
, which is indicated bfB becoming slightly acid. I be
for churning is
Ing time


i
cream usual temperature to Û0 degrees.
99
# Oi the Firm, vj


good stock
rhe Wheatstone uuto^
Why Is it that so many of those who
undertake to establish Ibem-the thoroughbred poultry undertake it with inferior
COMFORTABLE STABLES
CEYLON TEA.
Lea J packages.
atari to selves in
A stable should not only be roomy, •o as to afford the horses a comfortable abode, but should also be fairly lofty, is crder that it may contain a comparatively large volume of air; because in that case, it will be easier to maintain the purity of the air Inside, without the necessity of creating a draught, than it would be if the cubic contents of the building were less, says a writer in the London Live Stock
of air

A BOON FOR THE LAME I
THE IVEY PATENT EXTENSION SHOE CO.,
«lock! They are certainly laboring on der a great mistake. It is out of the question to breed fine stock from ord in-fowls—indeed it is a waste of time to undertake it. in stait-cannot lie too careful as to the

" A Thing of Boauty la a Joy.”

Nervilme is a joy also. No remedy in
Neur.ilgiu Slid
Are eoaious to «cure the iiddres* ef every lame man end womnr loOenede Wbese lee#
nfM toes lits in eue I tab being shorter then the other. e«d ere offering sued fer'nf ploymrnt to every !»m# |* nun who will lake the trouble to write 1er elfoulere eou to eel -is weenie, (let one of the Kstsaeloiie for yourself ead fou wii., after wearing # a we«"k, here no trouble w> cx-nrlnoe others of ite value	.	. wl—
Ti le Extension is by fsr the best of its nature ever p'eoed on the market, en t)M w.er.r U- walk upright, tu welk with eese and uomfert, to wear Mf erdhodn '&%B shoe, and gives them the seme eppewrenoe ae their usure fortune te frieidn. DeecripW*#
C"îro’lAY‘iTSIïV,A“TORONTO, OANABA,
lhi* world equals itH rheumatism are relieved almost instantly and minor aches and pains are cured by a single application. Nervi-line is sure to cure.
»
i
ary
and money
\
ing one	¦ ¦	m
foundation he is laying, as upon this depends his future success or fuilure. IfVne starts with poor stock he m:iy work for years and then have the same, as like lie get a like. Of ourse he may improve it to a certain estent but it ... wilt be slow business. Good stock that the smaller the quantity of air in hhoul(1 ^ ,mrchascd from some
a stable, the quicker will it have to be liable breeder, which is the first step renewed in order to preserve a healthy toward success. I hen by ta mg nI™ standard of purity; in other words, or more f^dp|"“.'rryVV1'“/B‘' „f mating, the greater the draught. Supposing fe<l(jink, un(t caring for them, he may that a stall was six feet wide, 10 feet reHt assured of having a flock of birds long, and 10 feet high, it would contain he will be proud of.
600 cubic feet of space might add two-thirds more for pass-»
I
TOMMY'S ILKTOllT.	I
church is over 200
true
B
Tommy. That
years old.
CiMsy. Mv auntie says it m only 10U.
Oh, well, 1 suppose that’s
Brantford
Journal
breathed in by the horses may be assumed to be constant, it is evident
As the amount
Books, Rosarios, Oru-olfliee, Scapulars, Religious Pictures, Statuary, and Church Ornaments, t«luo»tieaal Works Mail orders receive proippt attea-
tiun.	0. â J SADLIEB A 00., Montreal.
Catholic Prayer
GOLD*
)HAPLEi
LMUIRW
Calvanl/i- ; Steel Windmill» and Tower».
•eel Flag Italie,
grain Qrlndera,
Iron and Wood Pumpe, Be# Supplies.
Send for New Cotai ,gue.
Tummy
ay far back an ahe can remember
HARRIS

ALSO
LEAD. COPPER. BRASS. Wheieeale only Long Dtetanoe Telephone 1720.
WILLIAM ST., TORONTO._____________
“ HAVER BRAND '• Maetilntoth
newer bard< tie A ia guaranteed Waterproof. Auk f r tt.taao no other. Boa-rer Rubber Clothing Ce., M mtreal.
fsisliiai
sure and ask for " Mr» Window's Soothing Syrup.
For
00

Brantfobd cai
Mention thle pap#*

Hobbs Hardware Co#
1
Hood’s Pills core liver Ills ; the non Irritating and paly cathartic to take witK fl....<fs gareaparllla.
A YOUNG FINANCIER.
What makes you naughty so much of (he time, Willie! said the indulgent fat htr.
Why, you see, mamma gives me penny every time I promise to he good, replied the youngster, and «he never asks me to promise to be good until I bave been naughty.
To this we
THE ONLY Till NO LEFT
- a I a | Mille. Mille * Melee
«Jm# Barristers,etc., removed
¦____SJà VV *> Wesley Bldgs., Rich
MB** • WW mood du W.. 'Ioronio.
LONDON
ages, etc., and would thus arrive at a a grandfather, well known in the total of 1.000 cubic feet, which would English house of communs was eh
probably be a fair minimum. 1 do not	who was an ugly eiuconcedon
think that less space than that would
afford a healthy place of residence for What makes your hair so horses; and even then, every precaution grandpa! the little miss O116*ie .	.
should lie taken to obtain free ventila- ark r<?pIieJ his lordship, with a pain-tion. If a box consisted of a single fui disregard of the truth. ' room or small house with only one Oh, are your Noah!
BINDER
Highest
Grades.

A STONE FOR A THRONE.
and Sheet Metal Works.
ROOFING SLATE. in BWk.
Red er Ore# n. SLATE BLACKBOARDS I We auyply
Public nod High Schools.Toronto). Roofing Pelt, Hitch, Ooel Ter. ete. ROOflNO TILE (H«e New Ole, Build lege, Toronto, doo# by our Arm). Metel Cell Inge, Cornua», etc. Eeitmetee furobhed for work complete or ter œet#rlâl» shipped lo eny perl of the country. Phone 1 0. DUTHI1A SONS, Adelaide AW.dmer Ste.,Toronto
ROOFING
TWINE.
I
Lowest Prices.
Rope, Lath Yarn, and Eloyolee.
Pea.ere, Aik For Quotation».
Tliiil of Engl»ml I» Here Then *1* Hand-
red Wear# Old.
The throne of England, splendid in its trappings of silk, velvet and gold wire, lace and tassels, is simply an old-
white.

La Toscana, 10o. {%&%%%*
EVIDENTLY.
flbe, approvingly. And so you won her hand?
Ile. I suppose so—I ve been under her thumb ever sin te.
CANADA PERMANENT
CARD INDEX
The only perfeet eyntem for km pIng Bseine mod addr^mae#
Sample tray outfit . "•*
fashioned high-backed chair.
It has been in use for more than six
but its early history
• • •
No
door, 1,500, say 12 3-4 feet x 12 feet x 10 1-2 feet, would be a
"V
Are you Shem. then# No, 1 am not Shem. Are you Ham?
Loan and Savings Company. .
I a- OMP jRATID 1865.
The Oldest and Largest Canadian Motif
gage Corporation.	,
Paid up Capital
Reserve Fund...
Head Office Toronto St., Toronto. Branch Office» Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, *.#
DEPOSITS RECEIVED. Interest allowed.
DEBENTURES ISSUED for 1, a. S. 4 or 5yea% with interest < oupons attached.
MONEY LENT on security of real eastern Government and Mun cipai Bond», etc.
reasonable
average; although the addition of a couple of feet to the height would lie
bigb-vlais horses. It goes almost with-, query also, for'the °'d ««"tle“a“This stone, which is believe^ to posthat the more confined the wardl.v wondered w a e 1 seas tailsmanic powers, is 20 inches in
he a beast.	•	ably is that it was originally used in
Scotland as a coronation stone upon which the Scottish kings were sealed while undergoing the ceremonies connected with being crowned King of Scotland.
hundred years and the name of its maker are uni
The wood is very hard
Office M iomity Mfg. 0# ,
Limited
IM »w4 124B»ySt. TORONTO Factory: Newmarket
Established IM
The
No
I'he
who was
known
back and sides were formerly painted
The seat is made
L. COFFEE A CO.,
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Htatb or Ohio, City or Toledo 1
Lucas County,	* t , ..
Frank J. Cheney makes oath that bois the senior partner of the firm of F. J. Cheney A; Co., deli* hueineaa in the City of Toledo.
^r2;rh.8Tnt^?7,iNaLd'H»tK,DldDfloT
LARS for each and every case of OaUt-rh that cannot be cured by the use of Hall’s Catarrh
Curb.
1
out saying situation, the greater should be the
a
TORONTO. ONT.
1
cubic contents
John L. Cerrr*
Thomas Flynn
As sunlight has a good effect on horses, he should secure a sunny aspect for the stable and have it well lighted by windows
at work, it is a great advantage to be able to open out the stable, so that it may be disinfected by sunlight as well as by fresh air desire for sunlight we must not obtain It at the temperature of the stable, which we would do by having the roof
In the
FRANK J. CHENEY. Sworn In before me. and hubecribed in my this6th day of December. A.D. 1886.
i L "• nt&Vb,..
For further particular» apply to
J. HERBERT MA5QN
Managing Director, Teronto.
AMBITIOUS MEN
We have eelabllsM over 800 foens mea t»
we are reedy to de i
ml leterpnelag merchant# alee reprwenl u, with •rail le theasMlvea ead abeelute setlsfaction Jo their enetomerawrlle me today for fall pertioalara. Tow earn I fctMav lercenteçe free oar goods than from any ether
towiehaa. ROKCO M F C CO., Toronto, Can.
presence
A Child’s Suffering.
»
When the horses
Hall e Catarrh Core is taken internally, and cm directly on the blood and muc us mr
f~or tbe
Hold by all DruegmU, 75c.
Hall's Family Mile are the beat.
hast
SSL
are

MR. WM. McKAY, CLIFFORD. N. S.. TELLS OF HIS DAUGHTER’S CURE.
A Rare Chance
To cultivate a calm, hopeful spirit lies in lhe u«e of Putnam's Painless Corn Extractor. It never fails. It makes no sore spots on the flesh and is therefore painless. It relieves promptly.
In our
Revalent» Arable» Fo
Du Barry’s
50 Years’ EEEvsïg
BSfiSSSafiFH
Du Barry & Co.,
r
a
She W*e FI rat Attacked With Acute UHtm miitlam. Follow ret by ML Vlitta* Dance In n Severe Form - Her Parent* Thomgkt Hhc tonl«l Not Kceover.
UNHAPPY PARENT
SUMMER SESSION
No, said the father to his undutiful son. I can’t ask you to respect me When I think whose father 1 am ! dont respect myself.
NIMMO & HARRISON,
¦USINES» AND ¦HORTMAND OOLLEOI,
1,0.0 F. Building, Cor. Yonge and College Sts., Toronto,
Thorough and practical instruction in all subject* per talnlng to a thorough Busiueae • r flrorthand education Thorough préparât on for Inland Revenue and Civil tier vice examination». Open entire year, day and evening Send postal for free information._______
made more or less of glass case of animals which, like
do	morn-
srrsr;	'"m‘ “
have an arrangement Jor darkening relate* the following wonderful cure oh Hlie always talks about old times,
stalls, while shutting out	three» and thlt makes me lired' 1 d°n'{ 866
yearsago my little daughter Ella, then 1 like to have tba division of the, a child of ten years, was attacked with
rheumatism. It was a terribly
race From the Enterprise, Bridgewater,
N. S.
NOVEL TO SOME
I
W PC 918
rLlmlfedj
CALVERTS
st
TRY OUR
OILS. FACKINÛ A ENQINKERS’
Carbolic Dlelnfoctante. Sompt. Olnt men*. Tooth Powder», etc., have bo«i swar-led 10U modale and diplomas for import or excellence. Their regular urn# prevent Infect! ou» dUeaâov Aik your dealer to obtain • supply. Lists mailed free oa application.
the boxes or the fresh air as little as possible
how you can stand her.
But, my dear, her subject is new
to most of us, you know.
"3

SUPPLIES.
H*^£;The*fm. Sutton
nSSSStt Compound Co.
TJW* rii\JLimits!. Consulting
Engineers. Ofllee
1SS Queen St East
Toronto, C»n»d».
t
i acute
z,lu by’S au»»
but little loss of sunlight. it has unable to turn in lied, or in fact to Sold by all druggists. 50c. a bottle.
boxes and stalls and the interior
*
-* #
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
Gives new life to t'e*
uu

ENGLAND
MANCHESTER.
BRASS BAND
been stated that the effect of hav-, move at all without help. She could
™	«*•	“ B SS.'SUreil? È5TJTS
front of a horse while he is in tne	tirely	gone and the pain she suffered
stable, would be injurious to his was fearfuj. By constant attention eyes; but 1 have never known or afteJ a montb or ^ she began to gain heard of a horse suffering from a tittle strength, and after a while im-that alleged cause. I may say the prove4 enough to be taken out of bed same of human beings, many j axid even walked around a bit after a whom live all their lives in rooms (asbion by means of a support. But
w bite-washed, wi ihout now she was seized with a worse a il— their sight being hurt by the sup-	ment	than the rheumatism. Her ner-	.	,	.	j
pOn*d glare, which in almost all	V0UH	system gave way, appeared	This material being lire, iros
I would be that of diffused, completely shattered. She shook vio vermin proof is now bfing very largv v uot direct sunlight. We should also igmiy all the time, would tumble used as a non-conductor °I hea , c
bear in mind that the eyes of the down In tr>!ag to walk. In attempt- and sound in cold storage, public bun 1-
horse, by the possession of corpora jng t0 drink from a cup her hand ings private residences, etc., also ror 1 a# nigra, the dark-colored and irregular- aiiook so as to spill the contents all covering steam, hot water, bo ai , ly-shaped bodies that project more or oveT herself. She was a pitiable ob- and cold water pipe. 1 he bureKa | y less over the pupil of the eye, are es- jex.t. The doctors were called to her Mineral Wool and Asbestos to., peckliy constructed to bear strong	again	and said she had St. Vitus’	Toronto, will be pleased to send	desunlight with impunity. I may add	dance	in the worst form. She took	æriptive pamphlet if you are	in-
that the corpora nigra are portions of j the medicine prescribed and followed terested.
the iris, in which the pupil forms an 1 the instructions of her physician for	-----
opening.	some time, but without apparent	bene-	xfOT WHOLLY DISlNTEREh vhD
It is an advantage to have the stable	fit. She wasted aw ay almost	to a	*
lighted, though dimly, at night, so that skeleton and we gave her up for lost. How careiuuj )
in case of alarm or necessity, the own- About this time 1 read in a paper an her health.	.. . t up a
IKCW&—	b”.. », -nt
lay in getting a light. We may be and resolved to try them. 1 bought mer trip.
kuite sure that the presence of the ttjx boxes and the little girl began	P!sn	Roome
hMt can in no way disturb the horses; |	using	them. The good effects of the	E|0*a| CarSlakO, fr0!l n » dny no.	Op*
foi »K#P the animals are turned out	first	box were quite apparent	QTK tiutlon Moutrwi. u»> uersUks* Co.,Frop».
they g^S11 the sleep they need; al- and when four boxes were used, 1 though e In on moonless and starless	she	seeinad so much improved
nights the»Me as much light, if not	that	the pills were discontinued,
more than there would	be in a stable	She kept on improving and after	a few
when the*gas or lampe	were turned	weeks was as well as ever. We	were
low- down. Besides, the fact that, told that the cure would not last, that man* horses which kick or are other- it was only some powerful ingredient wise restless when in a dark stable at in the pills which was deceiving us night will remain quiet if the place is and that after a time the child would somewhat lighted up, seems to show be worse than ever. All this has that horses do not like darkness, which proved false, lor now nearly three in anv case is an unnatural conditioh , years she * has had unbroken good to, them.	.	health, nerves as strong as they are
Precautions against fire are even made, and stands school work and) more necessary in stable* than in1 household work as well as a mature	DESPERATE CASE.
MSI COLOR FOR HORSES. I	% UJSSS ;
As a rule 9. quiet color, such as bay, juked condition of the blood or shat-brovvn or dark chestnut is the best and ! tered nerves, such as St, Vitu»’dance,
«.....« ™ », -** omo.il, irss^'Ss^Si.'Yt
a bright golden chestnut with four gr|pp3j headache, dizziness, erysipelas, white legs will sell well enough scrofula, etc. They are also a specific to certain city trade, but ordinarily £or troubles peculiar to the female the quiet colored horses outrank the 8yBiem, building anew the blood and flashy ones. %	restoring the glow of health to pale
and sallow cheeks. Protect yourself against imitations by insisting that every box bears the full name Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pa lu people. If your dealer does not have them they will be sent, post paid, at 60 cents a box or six boxes foy $2.50. by addressing tbe Dr. Williams' Medicine Co..
Brockville, Ont.	H mm I I
Dominion Une
ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS
Montreal #md Quebec to Liverpool.
Large and fast Steamers Vancouver,
Dominion, Scotsman, Cambroman.
H ite* of ptaftft First Cabin Othln, $35 : Steerage, $32.80 and Far further leformetion apply 'o local agent», or
DAVID TORRANCK A CO . General Agents.
17 St. Sacrament St.. Montreal
A TOUGH LOT
Say, that wasn't asparagus you sold
the other day.
What was it ?
I don’t know what it was
for bundled kindling
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, etc.
Every town can have a band.
Loweet price# ever quoted. Fine catalogue. 500 lllus-tratiooe, mailed free. Write oe for anything in Mimic or Musical Instruments.
WHALEV ROYCE » CO., - Toronto, Can
me
but we
J#0upward#; Second
<3
&
are using it wood.
D
pcêtitn’Mi&s

which are
MINERAL WOOL
Hotel and Saloon men cannot afford to be without the Automatic Faucet Attachment, a# It p*f# for itself in one week drawing beer No crip, no waste You only need one hand to draw beer with the Automatic but in
activating E oinflexion
The Talisman Ê of Beauty t:".
Beautiful a* a rore-leaf ; clear, aeft and tel vety a* an Infant'#, can be obtained, y	Sent free on application.
1 THE TALISMAN O O.
77 VICTORIA IT., TORONTO.
c
3

( a
A
of rush you can hold gJaaaeeln each band, a# the Automatic i# a way* ready. The Automatic draw# the fluent glass of beer and is used tor any trade, a# it puts the kind of bead on the beer that you want Price $1 60 pre paid -money refunded if not ratiafao-tore. Hamilton Mfg Co. .Toronto
u
T
1899 MODELS
V
Y
are the best Ramblers ev*** lsilt, at any price, and the 1890
MONTREAL
The “ Balmoral," Free Bus
PRICE IS $ 50.00.
Am. Plan $150* up
Ideal Leather Polish
ONE NIGHTC.,:%%
Rambler bnilderg are confident, after 20 years’ experience, that they can build and are building the
Will keep your ehoe# soft a# velvet
MADE IN ALL COLORS.
wife does watch
Tailors sad Drees
CUTTING SCHOOL-Vsker», Mnd for ses
C. A 0. SCHOOL CO., fooatrsal.
"	CLIMBS
to he ou red else where, write to
Dr Aroott. Berlin who will eonrino* you hr ran cure you
MMMON SENSE KILLS ReselMB, Bed U tings, Rets and Mice, tiold by all Dr ox* IM* » or m Quean W.Teroato.
The Dawson Commission Co., limited

••BEST BICYCLES IN THE WORLD"
SOLD EVERYWHERE.
Stammerers;
and no wheel at a lower price ran be of Rambler quality, none at a higher prie* worth more.
Cy^KifWlSE^oYHER KNOWS
^	THE VALUE OF	--
;
!
1
9

BERTRAM, WILSON & 00.,
CANADIAN AGENTS.
rambler bicycles s mg ^
IDEAL BICYCLER. $J5 TO $40 60.
Shelby Cycle Mfg. Co., Shelby, Ohia. ?gen# in your tows for the above Wheel*
write u* for price*.
S3 VONOE STS1ET, TCRQMTJ.
.**
UNDENIABLE
<0.00
I
I

maid the philosopher, still water
rU\\Vl1etwbatUof "it# replied the pessij
nails that did
KK-
AS A MITUMEHT MEMCWE.
Michigan ! and for Sali
damns

I’ve seen rusty
mist the same thing
M •— CàlTtt Procured in all couetriee Deeigne, PMI CM I V Trade Murk* resist ered. Copyright*
eoiECCFS,SSEH'o:Ynu'

8,
-*
O’KEEFE’S Ï?» MALT
w. LLOYD,nwl$S^5ÎS86^ À0KNT
Xik





. i
TORONTO Cutting Sohoel offer# special advantages

' '. w.
/•


r'i-r-

« JN ¦*

particular#
113 Vonge St. Toranta.

$25 to s-ss ££* &	& t
cut. Write for term* •
FI
e
<. a
m
$50.00
SEND


0. W. BUNT A 00., Torento, Tallars
Peterborough
FOR
(x
CATALOGUE,
WHITE'S PH0SPH0 SODA
: Tf. *
Pahoe Ho.
W (Limited ) W
*

11 Pharaoh 10o.H *çÇî MwSurer.

z
to
FREE ORNERA

all d
i
Ontario Canoe Co.
J. Z. ROGERS, Manager.
PETERBOROUGH, ONTARIO, CANADA.
PROOF OF ITS AGE. do I know this is fifteen-year-
the written guarantee | who invented the process
gor helling two dozen packages of Toledo
Oaniera. It Is made by the Vale Camera Co., has a Bausch Sc Lomb lees, and a •hatter that can be used for snap abet or time exposures. With it w# send fall in-

Vvood & Photo.Engraving ,

How old whiskey?
Here is of the man for aging it.

sir

6-R"
struotl on a, so that a child of ten years can make, after a little experience, pictures almost ae good as those taken by Idgh priced cameras. Many cameras are sold separately, end the |archa*«r has to buy the outfit afterward We give tbe
complete on tilt, ae shewn, vr. h every camera. The outfit owsietetfi
ALLAN LINE
WHY PEAS BENEFIT OTHER CROPS
i
It has been demonstrated that the micro-organism of the roots of field collect more nitrogen than
As a consequence

ROYAL MAIL *?.
MONTREAL TO LIVERPOOL.
the
peas
plant itself needs anv other crop, such as oats planted with peas, would be benefited by this accumulation of nitrogen unies* the peas are so thick as to interfere with the proper development of the other
crop.
STEAMERS
• $

ggfc
BebfPaper.
"Y

From Montreal
#4 June 1 Juif • July .15 July
... .TAIXUI....
GALLIA... LAURENT! AN NVMIDl AN
8 June
fr
S3 June 39 June
The new Twin Screw H $. Bavarian, 10, -00 tom», will from Liven* «1 July 37. and from Montreal Aug 10 Cabin Paaeaae - $60.06 and upwards, hevond Cabin $3f. 00. Return $*50 Steerage-Lima*!. Lord n, ulaegow.
Qu^enatcwn, $23 50
.WHY, OF COURSE.
Why is it, he tasked, that people who have money seldom have taste in drees?
Her look of pitying contempt showed that this problem was altogether too easy for her.
It is because, she replied, the people who have taste in dress seldom have money.


ms year name aaSTSdrwTaad^ _ forward the Perns, which you sell for us.
CameîîwUJ f	üfdLSS
El
•ail


*


cf&ts.
air the cream
A


Immediately after separating the it should be aired and cooled
should be
M B0URLIER, 77 Vonge St., Terente, or H. â A. ALLAN, Montrant.


cream
down to 60 degrees held at l$is temperature until churn-


:i












###PAGE###4###




\
Fruits! Groceries ! Confectionery!
The Toronto Telegram (Ind.) calls W est Elgin “ the supreme infamy know about that. There has been a lot of supremo infamy practised for years back by the Hardy heelers in Ontario, and : though the Conservative press did a lot The statement was current last week of exposing, it couldn't usually get the that the C. P. K. are to have the running | full table d’hote menu of rascality cor'd the fast Atlantic Steamship service
which has been talked of for several years | stituency. That is really the only unique
figure In West Elgin.—Citizen.
pOR
Stylish Well-finished \JF Substantial %
Good-fitting T Long-wearing Q
Orange
Celebration
CAMPBELL'S BAY,
Wednesday July 12, ’99,
THE EQUITY.
We don't
S
SHAWVILLE, JULY 6, 1899.
E. HODCINS & SON.
In the above linen we have a very choice atm*k. Our prices are low, and goods first class.
Ice Cream !
11 It Pays to Buy the Best Goods.’’
titled to by the Grit candidate in the con
If you wish to indulge in a glass of refreshing ice cream, call at our parlor and get thoroughly satis-tied
past
Especially when they can be purchased at our price».
under the auspices
POLITICAL EGGS
The Government is reported to have agreed to an expenditure of one million .dollars to assist in bridging the St. Law rence at Quebec. The bridge will likely cost four or five million dollars.
D. WILSON,
L. O. L. No. 1300.
It is notoriously an unprofitable, nut to
proceeding to count
Our stock of the following Goods is of superior quality :
Scythes,
Snaiths,
Forks,
Rakes,
Machine and Castor Oils,
Paris Green,
Scythe Stones.
Opposite Pontiac House
say a precarious
one’s chickens before they are hatched ; but the same objection docs not lie
The Montreal Star of Friday last. In a	counting the eggs Mon, inviting
the hen to he seated. In fact, this latter
ein WYI I I L1 iiï TIP It is expected that all the Orange Lodges w	?? ? 1 1 j 1 j I n£'-	in the county and two from Kardley will
take part in the celebration.
Several rev. grentlemen and others have been Invited to address the meeting,
Meals and refreshments will be served on the grounds.
L
For the

double column editorial intimates that it is the plain duty of the Governor-General to dismiss the Laurier Administra-
is a prudent precaution ; and it is also well to hold something of an investigation
tion for refusing to order a judicial in I i*1*0 the condition and tutuic possibilities
vestigation of the charges made in Par* t*lv °KKS*	v^s ^‘ lt 1,1 1111
Lament by Sir Hibbert Tapper, of official proachablc for political pur;xwes, arc not
The article I necessarily certain to give entire satisfaction to an ambitious hen with a genius
Spring Trade.
leave your order
with
• I
• e
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES.
A special Train has been arranged for to leave Aylmer at 8 o'clock in the morning, and reduced rates have l>veit procured from all points along the P. P. J. Railway. Sec posters for full particulars.
David Gamulk,
W. M
SAMPLES OF ALL KINDS OF
G has. Frame,
corruption in the Yukon draws a parallel between the present case
and the events which led to the dismissal Ifl>r limitary employment ; still it
likely to create any misleading confusion
in the minds of those in the poultry busi-
THE
LATEST
IMPROVED
is not
The People’s Tailor, Maiq St. (opposite Bank) Shawville.
of the Mercier Government by Lieut Governor Angers.
Akcu. MoFarllank,
Secy
now on hand for inspection.
Make it a point to leave your order early
if we apply these rural observations to “political eggs " and suggest that politicians about to try the uncertain “hateh-” process of a general election should have a care to examine the eggs in the
ness
Mr. McDonald McNish, who was re
Valuable Property for Sale at Quyon.
Pontiac
Woollen
cently elected in West Elgin, Out., as a supporter of the Hardy Government, haa I inS had to atep down on account of the
wholesale corruption that was resorted to liarty Iwaket Worehand
in order to ensue his return. Mr. Mc-I Rumour at least suspects the Libera
party of such a design. It so, it should
certainly sort over its eggs without delay, simply abandoned the aeat, at the same | it is true that it has not added many to
that no
o
ALSO A STOCK OF
v
Expresses,
OR ONE STORE TO LET. On the pro-
perty Is a building containing two stores, ami ‘another building now occupied as a millinery store and dwelling, the other store is used ns post office and printing office. The building Is three storleshigh ; upper fist nine rooms, next flat eight room?. Fine cellar and good furnace. Good investment for any-per.«>u
Waggons,
Nish did not wait to be kicked out, but
We keep Goods that
/
and Carts
time acknowledging that his election had the conventional “stand-bys
been most disgracefully procured. The Government cm well help accumulating . ,	,	.	.,	, . ,	but, again, it is wise to remind ourselves
judges who sat on the case declared the I ,h#t *t js really a m;ltu.r more of
methods that had been resorted to have I quality than quantity. In the egg trade been of the most notorious kind—in facts I no man van Ihj induced to take his choice
between two evils.
Expenditure taxation and debt are eggs we have always with U.v at every “liateh-llut a political party can get pret-
?
and a carload of
Apply to
We can
Recommend.
CARRIAGES
DR. 8TACKHOSE,
Lachute, Que
""2 BUGGIES
Ms
School Taxes.
the election court records do not furnish a worse case. Ballot stuffing, and ballot stealing, personation and every
conceivable method of bribery was prac- 11y good results out <,f a wise expenditure, ticed by men in the employ of the Liberal a low [taxation an<{ a reasonable debt. 1 lit
-.arty machine, from the chief organizer	^IsIlf'ZtvZnati'Z
down.	* offered them in these three lines, pro-
testing that the eggs were too large but now they come to the front with some much larger — “goose eggs, indeed.
Then there is the contribution of the
This is quite new, though
expected daily.
Those of the Ratepayers who are still indebted for their school taxes are hereby notified that a list of defaulters i> living made out ami will be handed over for collection as the law directs.
mg
A. SMILEY
CJ^Shawville.
SPECIAL FOR THE MERRY SEASON.....
5
II. LANG,
See.-Treasurer Municipality of Shaw ville, June tilth, 1 SUS
The only Establishment of its kind in the County.
i
V
Gem Jars and Granulated Sugars.
The Celebrated . - .
NOTICE.
When Sir Charles Hibbert Tapper
c <
NORTH WEST

brought up the question of mal-ndminis tration in the Yukon some time ago, and I Yukon nest
made charges of a general character against that fact might not Ik- inferred from the
the officials of the Government there, the condition oj the eggs : for at this p inb
.... will the boldest hold Ins nose for a while. in.prossK.fi was pretty general that ht» Here the country will tiud that the Gov-
lengthy speech, delivered on that oven- vrnmvnr tinned the newly discovered
was scarcely justified by the serious- gold fields over to its political friends,
ness of the allegations which it contained. inaY 11 ot [mvv ,K‘vn especially well I ^ Word to the Wise
'equipped for the management of an LI	wv.ac
Dorado, but who were fixed up with a | Is Sufficient*
permission to help themselves
Ministers have allowed
Notice is hereby given that the nartner-shii) subsisting lietwevn Edward llodgins, William Alexander llodgins and Selislw Edward llodgins, was on the thirteenth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and ninety nine dissolved so far as relates to the said Selisley E. Hodgins due to the said partnership are to be paid and those due from the same discharged, at the store of the late firm in Shaw ville, where the business will be continued under the firm of E. llodgins & Son.
EDWARD HODGINS & SON.
Shaw ville, June 13th, 18l*>.
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.

E. HODGINS & SON.
CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc,
»
All debts
1
sion
*
Mr. Sifton, the Minister chiefly concerned, denied the truthfulness of the charges and challenged Sir Hiblwrt or anyone else to substantiate them. 1 tttu oonnted on a blurt’ game of this nature
)
¦¦¦The
nothing but a
Mr. Sif-1 departmental enquiry into the charges
against their officials up there ; but we
P have some material for forming an opinion as sufficiently potent to discourage the jn ^ie overwhelming testimony of indeman who had got upon his track from pendent observers, the recall by the Gov-further pursuit ; bat in this he only added eminent itself of several of its repre-
to	o, W	Si,	SrsLi'I Other Styles.
Hibbeit took up tlie challenge, and re umpires in any mining disputes “join in turning to the Pacific coast, procured ad- the game.”
ditional evidence from which he was en- Our choice specimen in this lot that «bled to prepare a long list of definite h“ «one very bad is the Yukon railway
charges of corruption, dishonesty and rot- tu gu to thv tlogs if it was not rushed tenuess, coupled with immoral conduct through at any expense. We were to on the part of Yukon government officials, have rebellion and starvation in the These lie laid before Parliament last Klondike, stagnant trade in ( anada, and
week and asked by resolution that they rililw(ly were not buik from thu rushing P. S.-Lowest Prices be judicially investigated, otiering at Stickeen to the head of the long line of ————————
the same time his services gratuitously lakes and rivers leading eventually to
to prosecute them, and if he failed to Dawson city ; hut this year the Govern the fact that the government candidates
,	..	,	.	•	| •	. . ment have decided that there is no need are being named in many constituencies valuable Farm Property for sale.being the
make them good, to resign his scat ill	irnmt a charter to a com nan v tend to change this idea, and it is now 8. E. Half of the N. E. Half of Lot No. 7 on
Parliament, and to forfeit his right to	which wants to build an all-rail route	very generally believed that the	cam-	%,%^^%?Ls!%îc!^rèd%an^
Jiold office under the Crown.	from the seaboard to the gold country,	paign w ill suddenly be opened in	July	cellent state ofcultivatlon and well watered.
Here was a splendid opportunity for The reason given is that the terminus and the House dissolved immediately on ^^^gb%:uumb:rmn butldt'%
the Government to effectively vindicate of any Lynn Cana! route may turn out to fe-assemblmg next week.	For further particulars apply to
:	he in American territory ; the Teslin	IU2#>
the conduct of their officials, if, as they p^^e route, which was pressed so fiercely
have been stoutly affirming all along— last year, required trans-shipment at Fort
those officials are innocent. They would Wrangle, w hich is indisputably American. Newfoundlanders will no Longer
But there are other ovarian wonders. Furnish it to French Fishermen There is the plebiscite—one of the re
deemed pledges of the Liberal party. St. John’s Nfld., June 28.—In conse- rpoTAKE up on or before Aug. 1st, 50 irrl-of their declarations ; the satisfying of	That seems likely to hatch out into a cold	quence of the French attitude and	the	^ ber la^%e%st WsetHws gran ted* mpecTal
ptililic feeling, and not least of all the	waterfowl that the Government will have	attempts to make trouble for the colony	privileges. Selections given In order of up
° Ç	h Timn4»r difficulty ill snaring again. Then there along the Treaty Shore, the Colonial Gov- plication. A great opportunity. For par
annffing out of Sir ( harles H. 1 upper. the * franchise -- another redeemed ernment yesterday decided to absolutely tlculars. appJy ui CHAS. McKiLLOP
But the government lost the chance pj^ge—which is at this moment alarming prohibit the French from obtaining bait	Renfrew,	Ont.
which offered so many advantages to them the entire Dominion w ith the prospect at porta along the Newfoundland coast, and they instructed their followers to of having its elections held on Gallician This policy meets with general approval.
royal commission. Three estein Lib an egg wj^|l which the agile Dobell ap- laws
erals, who know something of the facts of pears to be perpetually performing cou-
the case, refused to be whipped into line juring tricks. No>$ we think we sue it,
and recorded their votes with the Oppo- and now we are sure we didnt-and pro
hably never shall. 1 he Liberals, it will A Washington Expert has be remembered, oegan business in this	Treatment
excuse set up by the government for not nK4tter by clumsily dropping the Tory
granting the commission was that the egg, with fatal results.	Washington, June 29.—Dr. Oscar
charges made were not against members There is a wide-spread suspicion that l0W6i one of the expert vegetable patho-
of the official investigation that is now go- half egg shells pressed cunningly togeth- germ diseases which promises to super# mg on—which, by the way, has its hands er, and there are signs that the fraud has the serum treatment now imuse for
Th ,
worthless for the purpose for which it was	order that no indiscreet	friend	blessed	t&iSi The treatment is similar in some | M© FclNTlCr
issued.	with a memory and a bad	habit	of judg-	respects to the serum treatment, but de-
The refusal of the government to order	!n8 things by their effects,	might	mistake	pends on a different principle, the basic
* «...—,«*	K i r*	x
and establish once for all the truth or	‘ tariff reform, the sanitary authorities	duced by the same bacteria that prox
falsity of Sir Hihbert’s charges, lends a	buried tliat long ago.	duce the disease. It is because of the
“S SS5SrITI" Hou8ewife
rotten, with \ ukon affairs, is not by any the country is more determined to "set" die out of the system. The bacteria in means diminishing, as events go by, and at the first opportunity than any feminine case, it is stated, are simply killed if the government have succeeded by the feathered biped ever dreamed of being aid of a subservient majority to squeeze Montreal ( lazette. themselves through a pretty close means of exit for the present, they may, and doubtless will, find it more difficult to escape the condemnation of the electors of Canada anon.
Therefore we need not dwell on their many merits. Suffice it to say that anyone requiring a first-class article should call and see them before purchasing any other kind. It will be to your interest to do so.
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
SHAWVILLE.
X
The undersigned offers for sale his de sirable Shaw vi and particulars apply to
property situated on Main street, lie, opposite theBank. For terms
Plaqing, Matching Dressing
Always In Stock a large and well assorted Range
SILAS YOUNG, Park mu n P. O
We have several other styles of Stoves on hand, so that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
of
FOR SALE
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds, Flannels,
Pr i nts, &c.
These Goods are from ROUCIj AND DRESSED LUMBER. |the best Scotch, English
and Canadian manufactories.
o
ure bred Shorthorn bull calf, six . color, dark red with a few small Price $25 00.
Apply to D. H. CAMPBELL. Maple Ridge, Que
One pu weeks old white spots
i
%
R. J. BLACK, AGENT,
and
Valuable Property
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
all demands supplied for
E.S. MORRISON
Hudson, P. Q.,
NO MORE BAIT
or H. MATHESON
Shawvllle, Que
J. G. ELLIOTT
WM. BARBER
Fifty Settlers Wanted.
/
certainly have everything to gain from y^uu& an investigation:—the confirmation
They have been selected with a view LA supplying people with the class oLgoods they require, and they have beep marked at prices that must sell them when examined.
Collilrti & Mam eodgins,
WANTED
A shrewd, careful young man, of good
character, In men township of Cnmula., .	«	•	.	,
Good wages ; business experience not AT6 SllCWlllg a Very large anti
bhaoleyGARRETsox co.. ltd., well-selected stock in the ,
Brantford. Ont. I	following lines :----
I
PROPRIETOR.
TO KILL DISEASE
Go to
sition in favor of a judicial enquiry. The
a new
SIDEBOARDS,
PARLOR SUITS BEDROOM SUITS, COUCHES, LOUNGES, EXTENSION TABLES, SIDEBOARDS, DININGROOM CHAIRS, FANCY ROCKERS, BABY CARRIAGES,
[With rubber tire wheels]
DALE BEOS.
Ah Earthquake
v
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Tinware, Stoves, Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing

will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes.
GO CARTS,
EXPRESS WAGONS,
SHOO FLY ROCKERS, , - - , .	.
ffiS Jand
Will also be pleased to learn that I	11 OlUlLLo.	_	e .
“2 ! We have everything in the | Repairing
complete. We have everything she llHG 01 ilOUSe 1" UmisllingS. may require to make the home happy	°
d comfortable.
out by the ferment they produce. The object of the new treatment is to produce a new enzyme, which introduced into human system, will kill the disease germs without injuring the patient.
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS— —A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING,
an
MANITOBA ELECTIONS.
They are Looked for at a very
Early Date.
In Conclusion,
Suffice it to eay we have everything!	____...
usually kept in an up-to-date general ^*13,111 MW.f " " &Ü21W VlllO.
Next Door to Doxaldhok'a Jewellery Store.
n
The Murderess is Insane.
New York, June 28.—Dr. Campbell,
DALE BROS.
•tore
^	"	Winnipeg, June 29.—Activity in pol»
The county of Lanark has paid already I itical circles indicate an early	election.	I	the Tombe physician, today reported to
this year over 8700 in fox bounties. A	A few days ago, consequent on	the post-	Warden Hagan that Mrs. Ramsey, who
by-law was introduced at the county	ponement of the assembly, the opinion	j	recently murdered her husband because
council s last session to do away with fox	prevailed that the provincial	elections	he snored, was a victim of homicidal
bounties.	I would be delayed till after harvest, but | mania, and, in hie opinion, insane.
o----
SHAWVILLE, QUE-
UNDERTAKING
L-
SiLAS YOUNG
F. s.
lor Calfskins, Sheep and Eggs.
Highest Prices paid
It
As usual this Branch of our business ii
Starke’s Comers. I
Î1Ï5
B

V

###PAGE###5###
pm (S) ABIMEE (J;
T
#¦




/
/
4
Court Shawville,|î‘SSAC
(1er reward a certainty when the first occasion presented itself.
Magistrate O'Keefe, while not a bar-
Court duesmust be paid rister, is by no means a layman at law, promptly every month, having studied three years under the late
Visiting brethren cor dlally Invited.
If. 8. BAHNKTT, F.R | justice and injustice is as necessary to a
police magistrate as an accurate knowledge of legal technicalities. In this regard Mr O'Keefe's friends think he is eminently qualified for the position.
General Miles is to be sent to Manila to command the American forces in the Philippines.
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
THE EQUITY,
I.O.F
No. 870.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
FUHL18MKD EVERY THVKHDAY
AT SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION ~$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until ell arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with | -L A. Cowan, It H the publisher
I
Meet* the 4th Wed nee day of every month
Sljawville’s Busiest
STORE.
L.B.C
Mr. O'Gsrs. The ability to size up human nature and to discriminate between
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
Hugh lionns, C. R
o
ADVERTISING RATES
DISTRICT NEWS.
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for Inaertlon and four cents per line for
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, f respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.

first
each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch In eerted st 14.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate | should go of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for
Commercial advertising by the month or I reel a Inrgo carbide factory in Ottawa
fe given	The (.Cory will utilize 250 ton. of .aw
Advertisements received wttÉbut Instruo-1 daily, lions accompanying them will be Inserted
until forbidden and charged for accordingly,	¦¦¦
Birth, marriage and death notices pub- brought an action against a Kingston doc
Obituary poetry three tor, claiming $2,000 for her little daugh
ter’a broken arm not being properly set.
Most of the newspapers of the country are agreed that the statute labor farce
J. Œ. McGUIRE.
The J. It. Booth Lumber Cj. will c
Yes, or
JUNE EXAMINATIONS Shawville Academy.
G. M. Donaldson,
m
No
L
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
Model Department.
Grade 1, Model.—1, Eva Knox—Corn's prize for gen. prof. Honorable mention in reading, writing, drawing, book keep I Louie Manwell Ricard, of Widdifield, I ing, sacred history, geography, specimen
All hinds of Job Printing neatly and I Nippising, was drowned in the Spanish work— 82 p. c.
cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly River a few days ago, while at work on j 2, Annie Hayes—Corn's prize for gen.
attendee t<>.	I McLeod & McNeil's drive.	prof. Hon. mention in writing, drawing,
M	.	. .	.. dictation, oral French, sacred history,
No ratepayer, could be got to sign the imen work _76 e.
pet.tion for an audit mto the account, of *3 M.n.on W.l.on -Prize for gen.
.If-, ‘re»>urer of Renfrew, f Hon. mention in writing, draw-which Municipal Auditor Lamg suggo.t | fng_ ClnadilD hiatory_70 p. c.
4. Clifford Knox—Hon. mention in The body of a man warn found floating j writing, drawing, oral French, sacred in the Ottawa River near Rockland re-1 history— 69 p. c.
n D a t rv à MTM7D i# n r u I	Tho	w,ls Perfectly node
[)• b. ALcAAINDr.n, m. \).} L. M., | Both limbs and head were severed from | drawing—aO
the body, which presented a most revolt
ing sight.
Mrs. Pratt, of Lanark County, has

But be quick, please.
This is just one of those Business Flashes that shine out and are gone.
1
llahed free of charge cents per line.
and
JEWELLER
JOB PRINTING
l
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OF
watches,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Business Cards.
Repaiiumo—
a Speciality
eti
On the 3rd day of July
SHAWVILLE, 0.
MEDICAL.
5. Mervyn Dale—Hon. mention in
our doors will swing open to the returning footsteps of our many customers, when we will inaugurate
0, Willie Hayes. Hon. mention in drawing—47 p. c.
7,	Flossie Wain man. lion, mention in writing -41.
8,	Jennie Crawford —Hon. mention in writing, drawing*- 58.
Did not take examination in two sub
?
F. T. M. a
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
ESTABLISHED 1886.
f
A log-rolling contest will be one of the attractions at the Central Canada Exhi
Office and Residence : J. 11 Armstrong's Houhk, I bition at Ottawa in September. Prizes, MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE.	I #100, $00, $25 and $10. The logs used
will be free of bark and painted. Some of our upper Ottawa men will likely en-
The Shawville
FACTORY.
SASH and DOOR
A Great IV|id-Sumn)er Clearing Sale
jects
LEGAL.
M. E. McGregor, Teacher
ter
—ALL KINDS OF—
The Observer says:—Messrs Jthn Cock burn A: Sun are busy putting finishing touches on Mr. W. J. Poupore's acht. She will be a dandy, and Mr. | over.)—1, Berna McCredie bupore w ill bring up members of Par liament and show them the Upper Ot- ! p. c tawa from her decks when she is ready.
Sr. Elementary Department
B0URBEAÜ RAINVILLE, L L, L
Interior & Eiterior
the
1
Sr. Grade Hi-Class I— (75 p.c., and
t i
ADVOCATE . . BltYSON, will visit Shawville every Monday
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
F
Sr. Grade Ml—Class 11 — (CO to 75 —Irene Shaw, 73; Evelyne Shaw, 71; Herbie Dage, 08; Luella Dale. 05; Lena Caldwell, 03.
Sr. Grade III —III Class—(00 to 50 a® ! p. c.—James Crawford, 57; Leonard Dale, 54; Verna McGuire, 53; Herbie Wilson, 52; Maggie Finnigan, 51. (Hemail Let ter unranked.
Jr. Grade III—CO to 75 p. c. —Kathleen Wilson, Cl; Gerald Wain man, CO. Class II —CO to 50 p. c. — Henry Argue,
ARTHUR MCCONNELL. I Quite a number of Ottawa people will I 59; Nettie Horner, 50; Pearl Burroughs,
ATTORNEY AT LAW, Main Ht. Hull,! 6Pend llie summer at Fort William. A 59.	,	_
A. Que, will, at request, attend al I court* ; new steamer has been placed on the route (oO p. c., ard below )—John Crawford, In the district. All correspondeuct prompt-1 between Pembroke and Fort William and Aihold Knox, Minerva Caldwell, David
beat jhawvllltflrstThursdayofeacb ! the place promises to become very popu- I Hobbs, month.	liar. Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Walsh have
taken a pretty residence for the summer j 2, Joseph Knox, 471; 3, Tillie Beckett and left for there today
MAN UFA' TT RED
WM. GAMBLE,
A party of the Neckabong Fishing Club, with Senator Kirchott'er, of Brandon, their guest, went over to their camp last week and the Senator is credited with At Shawville. accoud and fourth Thursday | catching one of the largest speckled brook
trout ever caught in this section 22 1-2 inches long, 12 1-2 inches m girth, and 6 1 4 lbs. in weight.
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMPER, &<. &. ,
Kej>t in hi", k and mude to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRIUES
BARRISTER, &c.,
159 Main Street,.....
V
Hull.
of all lines in

MrCREDIE& HODGINS
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Hodgins’ Store, Main St
It was
Summer
Estimate* furnished
O


Sr. Grade II.—1, Harry Lester, 489;
Stevens Ri fees
Dry Goods
?John W. Burmws, *lua Swatman. (Un ranked,) absent from part of examina
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
On Saturday evening the Victoria brought down the remains of Mr. Samuel
Pack, who was killed on Booth's drive on i	r. .__VTWW XT„ o
the Dumoine on the previous Thursday.	‘	* o tx
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.) I it appears I hat while standing on a rock j Grade 1\ .—I, I illie Smart ; -, Her
Law business in District ot Pontiac attend- a boom stick flew up and dealt him such
ed to.	I a territlic blow on the cheat that he eurviv- Smart; 2, Gertrude Carey. Grade li -
ed only an hour afterwards. The funeral M* Clarence Smart ; 2, Katy Crick; 3, took place on Sunday to the R. C. Cem- ! Glennie Storey; 3, Lila Quinn, etery.—Pembroke Standard.	I	Plora Currie, Teacher.
lion
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
Hull, Que
are guaranteed to be
230 Main St,
i; SAFE, SOLID,
Grade 111—1, Gordon
We find our stock in the follow- : ; ing lines too heavy at this time of f the year, and we have placed | : i Move On ” prices on them all
ACCURATE,
W. W. IRELAND,
'From the
$6.oo “Favorite” to our most expensive44 Ideal.”
The will of the late John Grace, of Gracffield, was entered for probate in the
:. The will was made in 1871, shortly before the death of Mr. QUE.| Grace. Both witnesses to the will, George Allen and Martin Itingrose, have since died. The will is made in favor of John Grace, jr., and disposes of a 200 NOTARY FOR THE | acre farm. The will has been entered at
this late day, 28 years after it was drawn up, to establish the son’s claim to the
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court
School No. 4
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds,
Mortgages, etc., executed legally and sails- [ Hull court last week factorlly
Grade IV.—1, Muriel Strutt; 2, Ger- , (( tie McDowell; 4, Franklin McDowell. Grade HL—I, Eva McDowell; 2, Lawrence Belsher; 3, Pearl McDowell. Giade 11.—1, Eva Hobbs; 2, Gordon Brownlee;
3, Ethel Hodgins. Grade L—1, Irene McDowell; Laita Wilson; 3, Samuel Knox.
; ; The “IDEAL” No. 44 is a fine rifle. - « ONE OF 01R LEADERS, price only $10. , ! We guarantee it In every respect. Noth) | ing cheap about it but the price.
* i Made regularly In .99, ,25 and .39 cal* tbre rim-fire, .25-20 STEVENS* .39*40, ’ \ .38-55 and. 41-tO center-Bre.
% | IN SPECIAL SIZES* 612.00#
i 4	Send stamp for- complet* Catalog and
i *	Hand Book.
SHAWVILLE - -
Prints,
Scotch Ginghams, FlanneUettes.
S. A. McKAY, B. C. L„
NOTARY PUBLH
RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
at-8ba\.vlHe'from 301if Jiine'uiMOthXJuly* I	I	CLARENDON No. 5.
quested to call early.	| and embraces an accurate and compre- eon; 2, Lorena Barber; 3, Garfield Hod-
hensive forecast review of fashion’s most I	Grade II.—1, Eva Morrison; 2,
artistic aims and tendencies, a variety of | Gerald Hodgins: 3, Elsie Morrison, literary features of singular excellence, | Grade II, jr. -1, George Whelan; 2, log-BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, I and the discussions of universal interest |ja Hodgins. Conduct.—1, Lorena Bar-for the District of Pontiac. Office, Main St;, on social and household themes. A pow-1 ber* 2 Jessie Hodgins; 3, Elsie Morri-Taunts collected and prompt return, erful melodramatic story of the'Tenues
made.	| see Mountains by Francis Lynde, is	J. Currie, Teacher.
found a this number, and in picturesque	___
sketch of Lowly southern life is also pre-	School No. 11.
###%!#==| E5ESIS5
------------------ I	I Bertha Metcalfe. Grade II —1, Nellie
M. Matheson, Teacher
Blouses,
Corset Covers, Undervests.
::J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL 4L
' !	—. P. O. Box
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
X»


R. MITCHELL,
Muslins,
Picques,
Zephyrs,
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
son
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
To bay well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
m	Rampiga Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.* Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
Laces Veilings and Chiffons.
t
Among the visitors in Ottawa last week ^ilson; 2, Clara Dunlop; 3, Eddie Val* - to see the circus was Alex. Gregg, one of {ace; 4, Roland Metcalfe. Grade I 1, the forest rangers employed in Algonquin	Metcalfe; 2, NValter Dunlop; 3,
I Park by the Ontario Government. While • Carleton Wilson; «3, Harold Connelly.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County I viewing the street parade Mr. Gregg said Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like that there is a bull moose in the park as
bi, w the elephant, in «he circus in or private sale on reasonable terms. Pub- height, although not in bulk. The ranger
month!*8* Cvarleur,oat.r8Uc*rlalwa°yaC0on	‘h*‘ this phenomenal moose i. known
hand for sale; Office : Shawville, Que. | as Jumbo a id is carefully avoided by the
staff. He .# so savage and aggressive that the men prefer to keep water between
vssaawM» | îrars
f the Ottawa AuxiliaryBlbleSociety,Ottawa,Ont. | when approached by men; he makes ready
for a charge and the rangers are satisfied to let him have the range.
GENERAL.
J. J. TURNER,
Conduct.—1, Irene Wallace; 2, Nellie Wilson.
Crinkle Cloth, Shirtings and t Embroideries.
M. Armstrong, Teacher

PATENTS
PROMPTLY SECURED
JAS. HOPE Sc Co.
All lines of Ladies’ and Men’s Straw Hats.
it
Write for our interesting books * Invent or’s Help” and “How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
move
a
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Sail,
Last week the Citizen stated that the laboring population of Ottawa is not large enough, or the laborers have some seri-
e of the city, the
______	Metropolitan Electrical company’s works
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al- | are in full swing with 175 men and 40 ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached
C
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
%
No. 4 Upper Thorne Centre.
Grade IV—1st Prize, Sophia Rosa ; 2, Albert Schock. Grade III—1st Prize, Lena Weigandt; 2. Estella Ross ; 3, Liz-
Grade II.—1st Prize, Richard Shock; 2, Nettie Rosa; 3, Ida Steinke. Primer II.—1st Prize, Annie Weigandt; 2, John Schwartz. Primer I. —1st Prize, Theodore Bretzlaff; 2, Willie Fecko; 3, Edward Steinke.
Elizabeth Robertson, Teacher.
ous objection to laboring a few miles at this sid
Civil A Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering. Bachelors in A;,p led Sciences. Laval University, Members Patent Law Association, American Water Works Association, New England Water W orks Assoc. 1*. U. Surveyors Association, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineers.
< NEW YORK LIFE B’LD’O., MONTREAL CAN. 0FF.CE8: ", ATuWTir BUILDING., WASHINGTON, 0.0.
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress.
We are going to have a Big Clearance—not of old-fashioned, shop-worn goods, for we have none —but of worthy new goods, all made for this season’s trade.
zie Metcalf
teams at work, but the contiactor wants double that force. Men are paid $1.25 per day and the work is said to be healthy and congenial, yet the contractor tells the newspaper men that he cannot get enough of them. He was in Montreal and got about 50 men there, but he wants 10U more. The scarcity of men is attributed to the building of the large sewers in Ottawa which gave employment to the men, and another section of sewerage is about t<> he commenced which will make the supply works
likely to last all summer
)
% Y
PONTIAC HOUgp
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE


i

Lower Thorne Centre.
Mary McNally, Mary Smith, Clara McNally, Ketta Grant, Mary Mcj Nally, Elsie Dahme Gray, John McCauley, Daniel Gray. Class II, jr.—Charlotte Hobin. Class II, sr.—John McNally, Nora McCauley, Cecil Martin, Willie Grant John 8. Hob-in, Vincent Smith. Class 11. jr.—Florence Somerville, Verner McNally, Ucor-
Harry Somerville, ¦pplartm, Freddie Young, Katie Smith, Partie Grant, Esther Sparling. Class I, jr.— Helene McNally, John Howard, Esther Martin, Mabel Howard, Cecil Howard,
N. Seaman, Teacher, |
y
Class V
vr Come early and bring this List.
Class II, sr.—May
of men still more scarce. The both at Ottawa and Britannia are
Trade Marks Designs
r ^ Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain onr opinion free whether an Invention la probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. Handbook on Patenta sent free. Oldest agency for securing pet enta.
Patenta taken thromrh Munn * Co. receive tjurinl notice, without charge. In the BMSMSM
Scientific American.
I
G-. F. HODGINS
)
New P. M. For Ottawa
i
Mr. George O'Keefe, ex-M. P. P., Is the new police magistrate for the city of Ottawa in succession to the late Martin O Gara, Q. C.
The efficial announcement of hie appointment received from Toronto y ester day afternoon occasioned little surprise,
ins Somerville,
&
Lizzie
I
sr
a sa
DEPARTMENTAL* STORE.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific Journal. Terme, SS a year : four month*, $L Bold by all newsdealers.
MUNN * Co.*—-New fork
Branch Office 625 F 81. Washington, D C. ,
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL,
•’X:
PROPRIETOR
N


###PAGE###6###
PAiiE (S) ABIMEE (S)


r

t
»
4
THE EQUITY, JULY 6, 1890
%
if! til Ml lES BRICE |HE COUNSELED ÜMBANDINI
MONSTERS OF THE DEEP.
to n great cavity, extending under the «kin toward the breast, and distended by longitudinal ribs plain to <he touch on the outside.
Why the fish was not discovered does not appear, but we are told that a man thrust Ins hand and arm into the mouth up to his shoulder, encountering nothing on the way, so the historic 11 naturalist concludes that heart, stomach and bowels must have lam in a very small compass near the tail, where the l tody was exceedingly small.
Two long horns, hard and elastic, and without the ring joints of those of the lobster, proceeded from the neck. On each side of the kick were two sharp-edged protuberances, and between each eye and the breast np-pen red a cavity, somewhat like the inside of a liunion ear, hut which did not penetrate to the interior.
At each shoulder was a strong, muscular fin, and hard by, toward the breast, an aperture through which one could thrust hand and arm up into the mouth. Between these fins two short paws, proceeding from the breast, had somewhat the appearance of the fore places, and entirely devoid of scales, half of human feet, the five toes on each of them joined together, looking like nails. Near the tail were o large fins, one on the back, the other under the belly. The skin was a dark-brown color, spotted darker in places and entirely devoid of scales.
31$ $€€€ €€€
x

î Love and War***.
BRITISH ADVENTURER WHO RULED A NATION OF BLACKS.
THEY TERRIFIED AND ASTONISHED
OUR ANCESTORS.
It was during the palmiest days of
the Empire.
The overt rue was over ; the Emperor, accompanied by the Empress, radiant in her beauty and glittering with jewels, had just entered the royal box. i In another moment the bell would tinkle and the opera commence. But business tour, a man who has been instant the second box to .he longer in Africa, than any European
A STORY of slavery days
bv MARY J. MOI.MHS.
<)>
Oflen Required lo t «unite ni Awkward Mrr«m Ike Neutli Afr I rim 4 li .rlolte \\ lio Would Have Her Wlleh Urn nee «f Hen III.
There is now in London on a short
«tome i emrliHM. Me it Inlet of Olden Timet tlkleli Are Timely «I Ike Opening ol ike sen Serpen* teuton - A Orest Ft «la Willeli Hew.
The annual crop of sea serpent stones is now about due, and, in fact, rather belated
authentic current information the following will he found of much interest. It is u recital of well established facts concerning sea monsters discovered oi captured in ancient times. The stories are unquea1 ionably true.
A NOISY ONE.

w

! they first looked out upon the waters of New t.< Uxlun bay.
To in and Maude were there, too. to-
and Will.
< H VPTKH XX XIX.—Continued.
" it h tears and kisses Maude bent
. who after that con-	.
fession seemed so much brighter and Pother with It ose Mat het
more cheerful, ih.it hope sometimes and >u>nu Simms and John
whimpered to Maude that he live
in an
right of the Kuperor was opened, the of note, who has traveled over more of
drawn aside and reveal- j the continent than any explorer, ex-ed the lovely wife of the, Russian Am- (cept Stanley, and whose knowledge of bassador. Duke Metzcrwitch
Every eye was fixed with a fascin-| wild, darker hearted people, is second
the woman who had to none. Mr. John Thorburn has been
over her brothei
In the absence of
curtains were
in oil
mes* nient
f the wheel,— moke, one
X well-timed
i lucky turn
would
Ionie ivas almost constantly «tuck with him now. lie felt better and | an I Captain John Simms stronger with her, he said, and death morning, with one i was not mo terrible. So, just as she an Is dollars had soothed, and comforted, and nurs- at firsjt ed many a j mh> r fellow from A rule r- either. But when John non ville. Annie comforted and nursed all his good sens»
Charlie De \ ere, until that dreadful to allow, or, as Ins mot he Saturday when the telegraphic wires it. "to making a brought up from the {South the up- brought her palling new# that our President dead, — murdered by hand.

the Dark Continent, and its strange,
hundred i bous»
lie did not believe it
md Susan did not believe it
who. with
a ted gaze, upon
just taken her seat, and was with well I in the thick of South African politics bred nonchalance glancing about the for over a quarter of a century, and house, for upon her nuns, blazing like in the past decade directly in touch beacons, sparkled the diamonds of with those names which have called which Paris had heard so much and the attention of the civilized world to which royalty in vain had lung sought | the Transvaal. He told his story of
bite to a London reporter, lie w as at A hum of admiration ran through | the time of the recital in the interior of a large show, of which
When the curtain fell upon the first I chief attraction were the natives he
the Imperial I had brought from Swaziland himself.
SWAZI CHIEF AT TWELVE.
" 1 have been 80 years in South Africa,” sud he, " and know most thing# connected with (hut p i t of the world.
"Her Majesty had noticed the brace- I It was 1 and Captain Finlaysoii, who lets, and was dumb with admiration ; measured off the original claims on would milady be so gracious as to al- j the famous diamond fields at Kim-low the Empress to make a personal berley.

lilt le given
expressed I hmt‘-elf, '
\x as a
In 1574 xx hen Klimlielh was Queen, a uionst runs fish, according to bui ne and lListed, was stranded on the sands ut a spot suwvxx here
lxil-
i set of diamonds, liand-
M.ti livi s
and |
¦ nd 11" k
m English Hroadstaiis, xx Inch has since borne the
There the mon*
xx as somer than Rost the assassin's bought her a new cat nag
her to (Saratoga, xxith
No, no, not that. We did not do nurse for little Ike. she b.\* ut to re- nuno of Fishnet*, that, t h ir lie cried, xxith a h«ok of a. i/e that something h id h appt n<d sl rI dl(»,| next duv for the want of
Sc%SJSi‘Sur*JÎ“A*^2 ZK f£	•««.—«.«
Southern leaders were suspected of mean C
’•	»She soon grew 11 ied of Saratoga, j
a l nionist, if She was too much alone in that lK 1 believed m.v people capable of that ; great crowd, and wlien she heard that ... but they lire not,—it cannot be.” tbe Curletoiis xven* at Nexv London ’1 Charlie kept repeating to himself, s)u, weul there xxith hei d ; amends a nul hu*k u‘ bell> while the great drops of sweat stood horses, and, patronized h\ upon his white forehead, and his pulse took her at once undei her protection and heart beat so rapidly, that Maude st,e made a few pleasant acquaiu summoned the attending physician, tan es and ever after linked confi xvho shook his head doubtfully at the dently 0f her ".summer at tie great change for the worse in his Bide/.	dul nol rare -
patient.	however. "She and John weir
I had U,.p,'d at least to keep h.ui exavtly Iilie ,„,ullle barn u. high life.
till the warm weather, hut, 1 a in _she s<a. and M, .sUl, settled ,,u el l> afraid those bells will he the death d iu hv,	hvmi.
Ofb.m, he said as he saw how Ilia,- M ,h Widou S.mws said lie shixered and moaned xxith each	¦
*Miud of the tolling bells.
"Perhaps they would stop if you were to ask them, and tell them why,”
Ajiniijf^tfgested to Maude ; but I'htr-H», vho tt^ard i*, exclaimed,
“No, let thfm toll they should mourn for him South would do the same if it xvas our President w ho had been murdered.*
So the bells tolled on, and the public buildings were draped in mourning, and the windows of Charlie's room were festooned with black, and lie watched the sombre drapery as it •wayid in the April wind, and talked of the terrible deed, and the xxai
w hich was ended, and the world to	,	.	.	. - ,
which so many thousands had gone 10 sPark e alV 1 ' ,is tllv n 1,1 1 during th@ long four years of strife slutely head in response to the gieei-
ind bloodshed.	' ‘Ugs given to her
"1 shall be there tomorrow," lie t pun Bill, who had mined hack-	and fly. These fins, when examined j Nile and slaps	tin wet clothes, with
said 'and then perhaps l shall know driver, devolved tin houoi ut taking	pv t h(> naturalist, were too dry to be , a noise like the	shot of a pistol, on the
îSvsüsjs:i,i"“-> »7 —«*v	., „
Maude and Annie. Paul Havei ill and with the Federal flag, while von.pa-u-	| M**. to be shap,cl somewhat like the wash, pound the dirt out of their '* {?' [ ^t?mbned at the office for tid-
Tom Carleton watched with him out in Ins button-hu e was u hiuall one	wings, painters have given to dragons - clothes in the	same way	whiIp	tho Duchess	awaited the
through the night, and just as the made of white silk and presented to and otber fabulous creatures support- French women pound the dirt with * *'*	, i r d,amonds at homo.
StSS? «BErHB&sEi:%% »	‘UassfiKi
iu .lined true to the Southern cause, hack and his horses to show their bad two joints, and the feet resembled ORIGIN OF FAMOUS FASHIONS;	d into the presence of the Duchess.
"5sss™,":.ts:«"'5sn;
;##### mmmii zsæjæ
WsPéi «	: ss*.5	wmmm
mmmrn^mm mmm m&s
gei.s hit ten off, and, the wounds moi t reduced long coats to hide his ill- madame retired once more—this time liTying, he died. It then fastened <»n	m;uje p*gs. Shoes	with very long	to sleep and to dream of her precious
the arm of i he man whu aftei wai d ex-	fu[iv 2 feet in	length, were, in-	diamonds.	When the bell tolled the
hi! iled it, and lacerated the imiD so yented by ùenry Plantagenet, Duke of hour of nine, the Russian ambassador, j bad.y that the muscles Iuank and the ^n;0Ut to conceal a large excre- haggard and disordered, entered his ! hand and f.ngers became distorted. gcvnce	on	one 0f i,l8	feet.	When	wife's apartment and threw himself	in
1 he wound would nol heal and xvas Rancis %	was obliged to	wear his hair	despair, into a chair. Madame opened
In Germany the man must be eigh- thought incurable. By some natuia-	owing to a w« und he received in her eyes, and, with a smile of delight
teer years of age before he can legal- I li>ts ,llks fenx*iuua; creature was ca -	bead, short hair	at once became	asked for	the bracelets.
I . knarry.	età fl	drafif°“*.	. .	: the fashion at his court.	” Satan!	we can learn nothing of
U*4,tSf,
con,ideied marriageable and a woman lu the houth of trance, perceived to di^nliy her charms the beautiful you not recovered it ? The officer who
their nets uncommonly heavy,	end.	UaMhi of Bavaria introduced the	enroe for the other bracelet said the
bringing them aboard, found a	very	f,l8hion Of leaving the shoulders and	thief had been taken and the brace-
strange fish w i h fn c >»g*1	"	part of the neck uncovered, in order to	let found."
hi mes in the sh.pe of a cowl between ^ lhe remarkable fairness of her The Duke, with an exclamation of head and shoulders; hen e they named . .	amazement, sprang to his feet, and in
monk.” Beneath these mem- i '	  m	_	a husky voice besought his wife	to
In Belgium, hi unes were averaiurvs through wh eb	avothfr	rPV explain. In a few words she told him,
water was drawn in and ejected with \'(>I LU KNJ()> ANUIULR l h.N- _^nd t^pn with a groan, the Duke drop-
1 great velocity. The rough, rasping	TURY.	*ed ,nlo a seat.
!$s»:r
feet in length and 1G feet round the Europe, died recently at the age of 113. ^ q he man to whom you give it Ir. Switzer!	md men	from	the	age	of	thickest part of the body. The	head	He was born in 178(>, in Krankirehen,	was no officer but a bolder thief than
fourteen and	women	fr<-m	the	age	of	ajou » was 4 feet lung, with a	snout	Hungary, and was formerly a butcher.	,jjc fjrst.’
twelve are allowed to marry.	projecting more than a foot from the He remembered the rise and fall of And so it proved. The bracelets were
im-iii h which had the form of	Napoleon I. perfectly	At the	Bus- n am-
igc Of 90 he removed from his native , bassador recalls the fete day of the village to Vienna. Before dying Kohn ; fa|]en Emperor with a long-drawn said : "At last my time has come. I am sorry to go. I feel quite young, and could enjoy another century
near
to purchase
the
NVO
the house
%
he heard ox vi a mile around.
This extraordinary denizen of the •can measured no less than ti6 led in length, It feet in thickness from
w hich lay uppermost, and the same distance across the tail, while a breadth of 12 feet separated the eyes. Some of the ribs were 14 feet long, the tongue wa.s 15 feet, and, whereas one man managed to creep into a nostril, three were able to stand erect in the monster's mouth, which opened 12 feet wide. The liver, when
act, a servant wearing livery, presented himself at the Russian Ambassador's box, rapped only as
and
complicity in t he muntci It would make un
an Imperial flunkey could rap, then entered the box.
EAST EH N W AS1IKRWOM EN
The hardest worked washerwomen iu the world are the Koreans. They have to wash about a dozen dresses for their
Huse,w ho

husbands, and inasmuch as every man wears pantaloons or drawers so baggy that they come up to his neck like a clown, they have plenty to do. The washing is usually doue in cold water,
x

v.l
To show youjiovv t he Transvaal hae
value, 1 sold a farm oi
go again
examination
In an instant the fair arm was shorn j jumped in of a bracelet ami with a smothered j mine there a few years ago, for £1,54)0,
not

ejaculation of delight, the man wear- and ou I y one year after the same pro-the Imperial livery bowed himself | |Wr(y wag refold for £38,000. it turnout of the box
The curtain fell upon the third act, farmti iD (he Transvaal
ascended again on the fourth, the not< s Uipn ge( 8ud(jt,n|y rich out there. Some of the finale rolled through the house, the curtain fell for the last time, and
tnd made
quite a 1 removed, made two cartloads, and a
six horse team proved unequal to the
and often in running streams. The clothes are pounded with paddles until they shine like a shirt front fresh from a Chinese laundry.
The Japanese rip their garments apart for every washing, and they iron their clothes by spreading them on a flat board and leaning this up against
the house to dry. The sun	lakes the	still, with well	bred politeness,
wrinkles out of the clothes,	and some	wife of the Russian	Amba8sad»>i wai
of them have quite a lustre. The ed for the return of her priceless jew-Japanese woman does her washing out els. The Imperial party lose am " of doors. Her wash tub is	not more	parted, and yet	the	bracelet warn	not
than six inches high and is	about as	returned. 1 hen	the	Duke, wit i a	?*
big around as the average dishpan. She rlble frown of impatience. I08®.u. sometimes uses Japanese soap, which drove rapidly to the luileries, a is full of grease, ami works away with manded the return of the diamonds, her bare feet. The Chinese girls do Explanations followed, and the Duke their washing in much the same wav. was at last convinced 1bat ie
*2- „rt?‘ % a çrJff^ss
-n ,h, I,.ok.	"h“
coachman drive to the Prefect of Police, and eve daylight a hundred of t lie shrewdest officers were searching Par-
The Duke, filled with
mg
consider in’ that slit-
decent
was one of them hu^gle^s
w Oman
ing out to be vue of the richest gold
This is how
effort of drawing one of the eyes
lv 1 alt.ng.
Bill Baker was sst ii one bright, October morning indicating that some important event
wits
wr.v ea i...
Ins face
A century ago, a bone of this re
1 had ill-
have luck, others ill-luck luck just then, but 1 can't complain.
"I nm over here with Mr. Fillie and Captain Hivers just to with our natives, some o self got from the interior of Africa.
" Are African natives difficult to manuge i My son, who is only 12, is the recognized Swazi Chief, and Is yed by the oldest of the Swazis hout demur. There are a large number of Swazis under my boy's rule, and he h i» no trouble* in asserting hie authority. Hindi ni speaks Swazi just as a natiw does
daring a body of big Sw isi
into their kraal. See how he ia instantly obeyed I Dandini is hie mme.
KING UMBANDIN1S COUNSELOR.
*' He ia called after King Umbendlm, the late King of I he Swazi a, whom# adviser I was for five years. I, with my wife and little family, lived just within earshot of the royal kraal, all that time conforming m much as we could to the rules and regulations of that savage King’s court. The King was very fond of us, and, through the constant intercourse with him and bis 22 wives, and the chiefs and the headsmen of the country, we found it al' most irksome not to follow In line all that the Swasia did tried to set them as much Europe in ; example as we could, and I don't think our labor was altogether in vain.
” I practically ruled over 9,000 square miles of territory, because the King hardly did anything without asking my advice and abiding by it. The iinga,’ or white man, particularly if he comes from the country of the Great White Queen.' is thought a great deal of by the savages of Africa.
King lTm band ini once did something wnhout letting me know about it till it. was all over. He ' killed off ' the head chief and two others for treason I happened U* walk down to the krail from my house—a wooden-built place 1 erected my pelf—»nd found t be King sitting with his head men. He was eating, and, as was always his custom invited me to join him. I whispered to a chief n med Umjetieoka,
' Where la Sandhi na ?’ He whispered back, of course in Swasi
SOUTH AFRICAN JUSTICE
m irk.ible fish was still preserved at
Little Nash, in St. John’s parish, but
it h id become considerably reduced iu
V he re wa* i great size, through long exposure to the
i lid
on. li is proper
Tin*
t he
n winch he w is to act
w as pn
a part. Vta was a dmib c wcilding at Liÿ V s. and Maud .m l Annie were the* brides crowd to w it uvsk the vci em<>nv Annies "boys whom she had nurse it at Annapo is. were the first to offer their congrai u auuu*» to Mrs. James Carleioil. who looked so fair and pure and lovely, while Maude. v\ hose beauty was of a more brilliant order seemed
give a hand t whom 1 uiy-
M
an
Nearly 20) years later, another wonderful aquatic animal was caught, and shown about the country by a fisherman it had injured. In this instance, the head and tail resembled those of an alligator, and there were two large fui' which could be used both to swim
obe
wit
There he is just or-
to go

V
However, we
i
mul-
wit hout a
)
»
Hut
with ins beau iful Maude, the heroin of the Cumberland Mountains,
The End.
60
Six months had passed suive Charlie
Will
Caul Have:ill
De Vers* died Mather, and Tom Carle ton had been tog ther on a pilgrimage to Paul’s old neighborhood, where the people, wi er
corned b ick their old friend
MA it it Y ING l N DI FF KR ENT
CUt NTR1ES.
grow il, wt
and neighbor, and strove in
ways t" a ton '
haisb in a heir former dealing toward him. The war had left lb m destitute, so far ns negroes and
concerned; but such as
various
for all which bad been
‘have
‘ What ?” shrieked the lady
‘ Killed.'
of twelve
m»>nry were they hid they free > offered Paul, entreating him to slay in their m dst and rebuild the homestead, whose blackened ruins bore testimony to what men's passions will lead them to do win n roused and uncontrolled. Uut Paul said no ; he could
never again liv
much to remind him ol the past. A lit i i
beautiful dwelling-house, which, with a few acres of highly cultivated land, was offered for sale.
(Maud had spoken of the place when she was in the city, and had said:
1 should tike to live there And Tom had remembered it when he had found it for sale, lie sted to Mr. Haverill that they
residence for
bout
"The King then told us all it, that Sundhiana, with the two oilier chiefs, had plotted to kill him and put Koplo, his half-brother Dn the throne. Unbandini had only just discovered the plot in time. ' He won't be missed,’ said the King, ' and, as for the other two, there was no room for them here.' 1 made him promise not to kill women or children, .s' promise he faithfully kept so far as telling his soldiers was concerned.^lut women and children were killed.
”1 had been chatting with Snndh-lam only 20 minutes before he was seized and h.nded over to Jokilibovo, 'Red Warrior,* for immediate execu-
li Greece the man must have seen
at least fourteen summers and the woman twelve.
In France the man must be eighteen i(
and the w* man sixteen the same ages.
In Spain the intended husband must
havi passed his fourteenth year and the woman her twelfth.
i

where there was so
* *

out of Nashville
was a
w a y
)
In Austria a 'man ' and a "woman" are supposed to be capable of conducting a home of their own from the age of fourteen.
In Turkey any youth and maiden u> ,hose of a wood-rasp win can walk properly and can understand the necessary religious service
11e allowed to be united for life.
Ir Hungary, for Roman Catholics, concealed the ears, surrounded by the man must be fourteen years old t flexible beard forming a kind of g ran and the woman twelve; for Protest- ing. The body was provided witi. ants the man must be eighteen and three swimming fins on e »ch side, sui the woman fifteen.	"	| pbmented by two others on the luvl
f.>: ornament or defence, the weigbd
i 5 ewsr
till he can count eighteen years, and the woman till she can count sixteen.
A LARGE CRESCENT
i lid
goodly
l’hv jaws were set with a number of small, sharp teeth, similar
The eyes
little more than an inch in dia-. The breadth of the open Lus exceeded 5 feet. Beneath them xve
tag i
turn
at different
"The King gave me times two silver cups, each weighing 12 ounces, and bearing a suitable inscription. He died 30 days after I part-Tht style of hair ornamentss at the p(J with him The present King is only
ment is an upright bow made of a boy. so the country is governed by
iyted wire and ribbon, which curls Usibftti, Queen Regent, an
™mhs^
oart, and if only the plain ribbon is “Swazi roy liy grows its nails, both eferred, a diamond or rhinestone of the hands and of the feet, to an buckle at the point of intersection extreme length. Ueibati has a great lends variety. Everything in the pre- regard for the old custom of killing sent fashion tends to give height, and off.' I was one day present at an of-these stiff, upright bows help no carry ficial interview that Sir Francis de out this idea.	Winton had with her unent this bar-
barism, and her excuse was worthy the effort of an honored legal luminary. She said that all her subjects had a fair trial, for whenever it was considered advisable that a man or two should be killed the whole village was turned out and made to sit round in a circle, the witch doctor going round and pointing out those that were to die. What, she wanted to know, could be fairer than that ?	.
“She hoped the representative ol the ' Great White Queen,’ would allow her to continue the custom for a little while longer, as she h id some sul> jects on her list who would never 0# missed,' and the pleading smile witF which she made the request was Quit! fascinating. A British Tommy Atkins, one of the guard, close to whom I wa« standing, s-id within my hearnig: * She's a regTir snuffy Charlotte, am I
she V
sugg buy it Maul Pau.
as a winter
And so what little properly Liaveiill had left was invested in Fair Oaks, as the place was call-and Tom gave
houe should ready for himself and bride as early
as the first of November.
As far as was possible, Will and Tom found and generously rewarded I hose who had so kindly befriended them in across the mountains 13ui
were
meter
SEQUINS KOIt HAIR BOWS
'
I
i orders that the be refurnished and
ed

enormous*
*

In Russia and Saxony they are a
>ns
their perilous journey
from ih- dip of the boat in the water
hauled alxaard. About a dozen lampreys found sticking to its belly were removed with difficulty, t and it is possible that the fish, being overgrown and disordered, was unable to defend itself against their attacks, as against those of the fishermen who dragged it into their craft,
About the same time another extra* ordiniry fhh was caught near Bristol.
It measured four feet nine inches long. The mouth, which opened a square, presented three rows of smaR, sharp teeth, set very irregularly at some distance apart. This fish, which h id neither tongue, nor narrow gullet, looked like a great hollow tube. At the back of the mouth were two opcn-ngs resembling nostrils, and under these openings, about nine inches below the jaw, could be seen two large knobs, from which several short teeth protruded. A little further down was another knob armed with similar
mg
after it \
nds
some were missing, and only remained to teil the
their graves story of (heir wron?*.
This trip was made in Jum\ and early in August, the whole » Carlet on family went to London, whereJim-improved so fast that few d have recognized the pale, thin
notori tey red-cheeked, saucy-who became the life
WOE.
If all our tu>ks were easy,
And rocks ne'er barred the way, Would till of us be happy,
Here, even for a day (
If clouds ne'er hung above us,
If all the days were sunny, And if each toiler's pockets Were filled with ready money ; If none of us were crippled, None deaf, nor dumb nor blind, Would we be truly happy,
Would joy be unconfined?
Ah, nol For still your cousin,
Ur the uncle of your wife, Would come to town to visit, And eat things with his knife.
pome ol about ÿi/o.ouu, wmcii ne tins
The ar-
dieadily refused to accept rears of this annuity amount now to over 120,000,000.

raie
won	¦	¦¦ ¦
invalid of Andersonville in the active, ved young man of the Pequot House, and for whom
belles practiced their most
POINTED.
She—I don't believe the clock is running.
He—Oh, yes, it is.
She—Well, I'll not dispute you, but I'm positive that it is not going faster than a walk this evening.
NOW SHE JUST HATES HIM.
Mrs. Younglove, pouting,— George you have been treating me just as if 1 were a child. Why do you do it?
Mr. Younglove—I don't know must have been thinking of something else. There surely is no reason why 1 should treat you that, way.
i
VALUABLE CLOAKS.
In Queen Victoria’s possession are
some feather cloaks, valued at $90,000
apiece. They were presented to King
George IV. in 1824 by the king of the Sandwich Islands. The parrot feathers of which they are made are sewn on so finely that they make a perfectly smooth surface.
* t
foot
the gay
bewitch ng coquetries, these were
se d m many minutes away

n .Jimmie
Bu
wiio was
from the fair, blue-eyed worn n who the girls had learn 3d, was a widow, and of whom they at first had no fears. But they changed their minds when day after day saw the handsome Carleton at her side, and night after night found him walking with her along the road, or silting on the rocks and watching the tide come in ust as he had done years ago, when
than they were


DEMORALIZATION OF MADRID.
A correspondent in the Frankfurter
Zeitung draws a lurid picture of the
inm adng demoralization of Madrid.
The present population includes, he
mays 20,000 professional women, 5,000 thieves and there are hundreds of gambling houses.
I
A CURIOUS CREDENTIAL
Clerk, to patent medicine man,—Here | teeth is a curious credential from one of our customers.
Medicine Man—Read it.
Clerk— Before I took your elixir my.	v #
face wus a sight. You ought to see it something like the straight bars or a now. Send me another bottle for my chimney grate, placed an inch apart, mother-in-law| Through these bones one could see in
Right and left inside the body, a foot from the jaws, were
THREE CROSS RIBS,
\
ATE WITH FINGERS

« \ A
both were younger now. They lived those days over again and, in their perfect happiness a uuost forgot the sorrow and pain which had com. to them both since
Until the reign of Henry VIII., Eng, as well aa their sub-
their finger».
Rah sovereign jecta, ate with
t
L
t
ML







à
###PAGE###7###
I
THE EQUITY, JULY 6, UM).
Interesting for Women.
GENERAL IN PETTICOATS.
was doubtless pleasing to the rest of his feminine relatives and acquaint a noma.
Mac laughed when he went on to ta11 her how Fred had knocked at his door, and, receiving no answer, had crept softly in with an appropriately sob-inn face, exiteding to see him in bis coffin, and finding him instead smoking, and his feet on the mantel-shelf, amt of how Fred had paused on the doorstep to take the flower out of his buttonhole and put it in his pocket because he thought it “looked so unfeeling.
And Annie, laughed, loo, hut her usually i tuent tongue seemed un account a lily tied, and she bad hardly a word to siy till at the end of his story, Mac's voice took a grave, almost solemn tone, and lie once more possessed himself of both her restless hands.
“Come, Annie,“ he said gently, “Do not let us have any more mistakes. Hupp >se 1 had been dead, would y»u have cared a little f“
II»*r lii*< parted, but she uttered no word.
“Did you cry when you heard the news f“ he asked next.
“No," she said quickly.
“What did you do?"
There was a short breathless pause, his grip of her hands tightened painfully, and his head bent b wer that his eyes might read her downcast Then nil at once her tears cume
Unconsciously almost she had set I»*' heart on Mac's presence at the forthcoming concert, when her singing ana her personal aopearanee would
a small social triumph.
She was very pretty, there was no ^v anted him to see her in all her ffb>ry, denying that, even her schoolboy bio- to foim one of her admiring audience,
when she was dressed up, ' but VVH ,in,|	waH content to disappoint
flirt ; not exactly one her for the sake of a “rise in his sal-
The Dear Departed
(¦rueml .Itmberl, t'oniM»*dfr li i'lilff •! I lie TraiioiNl Nr»», Owe* W«ny Sac-rr^f» to III» Wlfr'» Strategy.
W h**n the uiMimment to the late Km-piess of Austria was unveiled at lap Martin, the other day, there wore t wo persons present who perhaps have mourned the Kin press as deeply us any one has. One was Herthx Peeio, a Slavonian lady of rank, who went to Vienna after the death of the Crown Prince Rudolph full of un impassioned wish to devote her life to her sad Km
en
Perfumed beds are a novelty ascribed to the Duchesse d'Uzes. D is «aid l hat when she intends to have a house party she contrives to find out what is ihe favorite perfume of each of her
She
Since the days of Cleopatra the women to actually take part in the conduct of the wars of their respective
At the prewoman,
countries have been few
sent, day there is only one say» Woman's Life, who, with any jus-
|>e termed “a General in i*et-
When they ar-
prospective guests rire and s< ek th**ir <-ui b-d bail couches
stuunei
she was also a
^•vwanKMS
they are capable to lure men on to (j(,n Qf mnneyt [ may spare my breath their own undoing, and whose irre- I forgot your nationality !"
1	s
iu real life, but of the much more com- j Bpraûg to his feet, hut his voice mon type. A bright, thoughtless girl very quiet us he answered:
“if ihit is your opinion of my
tion, 1 know what you think of me, and I'll relieve you of my presence, and a way he went straight out of the house towards the railway station, an l Annie sit down to try over her songs hut her voice was husky, and br^k*-on the first high note, and she shu lhe piano with an impatient bang.
The days passed on, and the night of th** concert arrived, hut brought with it no word or sign from Mr. Morrison. Annie knew that Fred had written to blue eyes were ready to light up with him the preceding day, inclosing a sympathetic mirth nt the smallest, ap- programme, and asking what
....I. - M".	"«	— X"‘ib".“d.,X
was never at a loss for retort or HPn<i llP|. s< in0 flowers, since bringing repartee. She could not help being them was out of the question. But
EHm £,¥£
ties made her society much sought aft- feotive touch of color to her white
er,and brought her into an atmosphere gown, and vied with the acarlH of
her pretty lips and the excited flush in her satin-smooth cheeks. Her per-formnooe WSS a grand success, and head.	she was feted and flattered to her
She had always had what the sor- heart's content, but no one guessed
that it was tin unw <>nted feeling ol
.	,	. .	. .	, resentful soreness which lent such ex-
* tiny mite in pinafores, and her pnvssinn to her clear, thrilling voice
friendship with Malcolm Morrison dat-I nnd that amid the little throng "f
ed from that period, and had lasted, admirers anxious to find her music r
hold her shawl, or take ear# of net fan, or ascertain if she did not feel a draught, she found it hard work to herself with her ordinary gay
—downy ones being no longer I he
thing—th -y find tln-mselves welcomed
so to speak, by a friendly perfume. < violet, orris, rose or whatever it may I his result may be obtained either by packing lhe linen away
perfumed s o bets or by placing long lM e|j the wars he has undertaken. Her
wi'h the Kin press the latter wa^ si - ,hjn aachnts in the bed itself. It cll6€ face	hidden from view
1" and nh ion but of b. auti u K ' ! 11 « too strong. Perfumes are said to tjlt. burghers that the incongruity of
" have a decided effect on peopl
A woman was brushing dreams. The Duchesse might, keep a
dream
of science by her investigations.
lice, can
• t icon is,” and that w Mrs. Juubert, ,f wife of General J ou belt, Com mande r-
1 his, too, in spite of the tact
press
that she was herself betrothed. When
in-Chief vf the Transvaal forces. Mrs. wit h i Joubeit has accompanied her husband
hi
a
uudii'ii* e
U'-rihi finally secured an
was
n a
delightfully conscious of the drawing power of her womanhood, und enjoying to the full the admiration of the opposite sex, without pausing to consider whether I he captives of her bow and Spear may not one day rebel at the discovery that what to them has been » serious nutter, is to her simply the pastime of an idle hour,
It was not Annie's fault that her
with missive embossed feet, solid silver
walking in and out among armed force of seveial thousand
one woman
an
i he [Impress's hair from her mistress, left the room. 1 he young Slavonian then confided to her sovereign all that she had dreamed and hoped of being to her, and when the [Impress remonstrated and advis-j
ha nee
hut, at a sign
he a
common-
men «teems to
place
From, the days of her earliest child-
princely families of Homo are said to hood, Mrs. Joubert has been Used to
She can load and fire
much skill as
Clever Viet,"
occasions has
nnd daughters of
t he
The
sons
migei i ice.
with a rush, and what she said, <>i whether she said anything at all, nothing was heard but her sobs as her head reached its natural resting-place
his shoulders and his 1 *Ps
war's alarms
have a pretty hard lot. They are gen
erally very poor, yet they have to live u gun with almost as in enormous houses and keep up a 'Sinn Diet, Anglice,
i'lie young h.iiwflf, and on many
marry her
ed her to go and and l>e happy shu merely said that it the [Impress refused her devotion she
Finally the.
k
was
t radii Ion of magnificence
men drive in dug carts which, accord- shown 'he greatest courage.
11 is not g* nw illy kn iwn t hat
hei that the great defeat of the
.English at Majuba was greatly due.
are to be seen driving on the Vincio, The General considered the position
Jouhert. her
against found hors.
"I think,” «lie owned prettily, when coherent speech was again possible, “tint I must have cared fur you all the time; only I did nut know it."
"And 1 had to die before you found it out,” he slid tragically.
And now the only drawback to Annie's perfect bliss, Is that her young hi others persist in calling her sweetheart the 'Dear Departed.”
• nd
would enter a convent [.Tup iras sa id:
"You are tall and strong and you
it was
ing to rumor, are owned jointly by a dozen of them
gue
to
I he young women
say yuur love for me would make you accept any humble situation provided it keeps you near me. If your character and your birth allow you to occupy a post nvai yuur sovereign, take the. of Cecilia, whom you have just
hair morning and
unassailable, bill Mrs
afue with patriotism, urged the
the
arrayed in stylish hats and coats,
carrying
ey « s
attack, eventually conquering scruples of bei husband and 'ho other commandants. 1 be result is known.
HKit LAST APPEARANCE.
Mis J ou ben's last appearance at a centred dur.ng the recent Muga-
tbe ext i erne north Xu artillery, burgh-n illve force ul nearly 10,000 1S men was dispatched i > the front to .u subdue the rebel chief M’Fefu, intrenched in a series of rocky fastnesses bucked by the Limpopo. Notwithstanding whit was feared womd be the bloody nature of i he war, the heat _ ,\e:	1011 degi ces m the shade—and
th • fever, the piucky woman joined t ha
week or two after his ar-
w earing good gloves and
And yet," says the
pretty parasols English correspondent who is responsible for this gossip, “their distrait expression shows that they are uneasy in their minds. 1 he particular form of guilt which burdens their souls is a dread that some one will invite them
to descend and stroll about: t ho band-1
t Ivir
of defeience and flattery that was calculated to rather turn her golden
pl
s en go away exhausted hive to brush my
night, in silence if 1 do not wish to talk, slowly, softly, and often for a very long lime. 1 his would be your
only duty.'	stand, revealing the fact that
li i t ha threw herself on her knees,	are by ho means so smart
kissed the hand of the Empress, and ,	,*,r waists, and I b or boo's
wiih mt a word began the interrupted more ()poil t0 criticism than th-ir
From gloVflfl/.
SMOKING IN CHURCHES.
war i
tola in campaign, a of the Transvaal.
vants called “followers" since she was
I» Whirl! Hie Vnirltr. e:> AiifhorUiMl.
«ouïr limhiacr-
Ha* Hi*
er and
Although not exactly u popular rui-um smoking in churches lias been and largely indulged in than is
The custom is
with brief periods of est rangement, ever since, Mac, as his friends called him, was her elder brother's chum, but carry
it was quite evident now that the said impartiality, because, in Mac’s native
.«•».,............!
traction which brought the young man m(1|ll nn<1 triumph of the concert to Hanstead,	came a terrible blow.
Annie was, pci haps, the only one of Several of (he performers met nex\
mmsm wmMM
brushing of th** beautiful hail that time she was
is more
generally supposed Dutch, that people being most invet-mokeis and rarely seen without
hairbrusher-m
ordinary to her Majesty, and quite free to do as she pleased at all
Hut she often said that
w a s
PESSIMISM
People whose religion and commun-do not deter them from p-ssim-
less in
other times
They even indulge in it | she really lived only two houi » out of
t he twenty-four, the two wh< u she was with i he Empress.
The oilt,ai person referred to above v as a Greek, Constantin Christomauos, who was the Empress's Greek professor for two years before hor death H went wii h her everywhere and adored her as Ilerlha Peclc did
** ni te
Utnei .i a tivul at the Uoufd Lager, accompanied i>ul> by two or three little Kaffir
1 heir pipe
in their churches, and spittoons frequently provided for the better accommodation of those mvmb'T-s of the congregation who cannot deny themselves the enjoyment of a smoke A similar practice exists in churches in South America, tun • smoking was carried to such an
Seville Cathedral that
sense
per hups indulge
are
ism might
doubt of i he world in general, and maids their friends in particular, did they realize in what wretched tas'e the
Finding General Joubert in an any-
mfurtable tent, she rout-erect "i a tent
and installed him amid all the comforts of home. W h i. was in «re, be ie-oumsi rue ted the General s mess ar-Zt ment s and cooked his meals wiitt
The wife of the con> ding General peeling potatoes was udinary sight any day during the
thing but i ed bun out,
f he. own,

For pessimism is in poor To sneer at other pc pie's mo-and practices, to doubt t ho sin-f their sentiments and the disks un-
practice is t ast e lives
severa 1
At one
rang her own hands
Ouida is said to be in a chronic state
cent y <
interestedness of heir actions
A few years *ag<
Ivgrei
the
nose
iSSill ¦ iillip
aizu •»	i in [red s scrawling calligraphy.
W-t :
w as not aware that 1 belonged to him	..	„	#.
inunv way.”	“What—does it mean, l ied?
“Oh I well, that's his misfortune, not "l suppose it means he is de a , r’V
his fault,” retorted Fred with a laugh, answered almost rough,y, out ot ins
:WIs™
“Just what l complain of," Annie re- to the floor in • death-.ike s o< •
Joined tightly. “He is always serious, When she recovered consciousness^ and a serious person always makes me, Fred was already on his way <	'
feel more than usually frivolous.” dun to make inquiries at his	•
Rut Fred's brotherly scolding took lodgings, but he left no word of hope effect. The next time Mac appeared or comfort for his unconscious a.s-
on the scene, she looked at him from | te
quite a fresh point of \iew. Several She always treated the *. times he met her blue eyes regarding chap abominably, he said, ind g -him with a new look of wondering in- *y * “and, of course, now it * too i * , tereat, but as soon as they encounter- she is sorry, and it just iwrves
ed his own hazel orbs they were in- right.”	nnH
stantly lowered with a shyness as Ho did not return that n g , sweet as it was novel.	from	this circumstance his friends
Mr. Morrison spent a perfectly gleaned some faint hope, for sur y happy day, unmarred by one of the Mac were dead there would be nothing usual fluctuations, and his bliss reach- for Fred to do but c<>*me st iaight home ed its climax when, as the time drew again. A younger brother sugges et near for him to go hack to London, th it he might be staying for the ,,,n-Annie presented him with a fragrant era I, hut the others hastily hushe< buttonhole of violets and pinned them him up with apprehensive glances at ing Vo a
in for him, borrowing bis handkerchief Annie.	which recently discussed the effect off d . turquiose blu
BEmH— !	I trz	----
in answer to his murmured thanks, “f a moan, she rose from her seat and or	The action of pure distilled lwo wumxngg ¦¦¦ ¦¦
shall want some flowers for the con- went away to her own room, where Water withdraws salts frvtn the tissues. Janet Gourlay, woke up not long ago
“Fred was asking whether I could run a hideous mistake, and a feverish al- swauowed it causes a swelling up of not “goWÊIÊÊKÊÊEEÊEKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ I I down. Which day is it ?”	ternation between hope and sickening (he guperfieiai layers of the gastric ! started out to clear a site upon which
tice of the implied slight to his mem- over the telegraph bo> entered the wivh distilled water has a bad	great god, Am n. Lveijhody wain <1 k
X	gate, and was met on the threshold by ^ oved xteallv pure water would lhe two girls that they would mike
imm	=&= msm mmm mmm
ssss
brilliant hazel eyes, and asking wheth- that particular line, i Moreover, u	_ _ drive that bad bo> awaj fiom >om
er she was sorry.	gives a certain prestige to only sign , Thp Emprpgs Frederick is said to be playground I
î&ïïs -'««•" —-	r&r;: ,
to explain matters. A new postman cieVer her accomplishments reward her lights in getting up at 6 oclock in one Wouidn t it ? was taking the round that day, and as industry accordingly.	morning, takes endless
he handed Fred's letter in he said, e4 _V __ anq has a mania for acquiring infor-
“ Morrison.” • The landlady understood him to say Harrison, and she said “Oh, he’s dead, and bis wife, tool" for she had had some lodgers of that name who died, and she was tired of taking in letters for them and having to send them back. And on this very slender evidence, the letter was marked “Deceased" and sent back to Fred.
if being hard up
excess in
chapter applied to the Pope for pow-1 her debts piled up to such a
er to repress the abust
yielding to their wish, issued a bill.
which was promulgated on January «V),
In Wales niAiiig in church was
In one
m a n
ter
deni ably rude and ill-bred. 1 he pro verb
an
“Higher than himself can no (Ji[ t>mj ucra*ion during the war man think" is trite, but < ur pessimist	cume jnl(> camp that the Gener-
would do well to apply the maxim to u faa(,	taken ill 3i railed away
himself. If he is a gentleman at heart |u |hv mi<hst (>f a country lull of hostie will give others credit for being as fjle UA[ives an<i deadly with m Jana, genuine as himself. If he is ii"f an \\'jtIi«-ur h»*sitaii n Mrs. Joul>ert nude innate gentleman he should be a sham-	jti,>ns to	go and join her bused to lei the world at large discover	an(j lhere	KS little doubt that she
it. And he never betrays the shame- W(>ul(’, have accompli died her purp««e fill truth more plainly than when he	n(>l mure reassuring news come to
indulges in the pessimistic speech and h ^
cynical sneer.	The war came to an early ch>se, ow-
Cynicism also argues *u amount m j to military genius of General
conceit that it well nigh sublime, lo jl>ubf,rtt and it is not too much to say, criticise others and to look down upon ^ better half. The plans d the cara-their failings from the vantage-ground	-gn	from the	time Mrs. Juul>ert ar-
uf conscious superiority <uie mu -, t be	ybd	till the camp was struck were
pretty well satisfied wi'h one's selti I talked over at her dinnor table, her It is humiliating but true that we nev- 8<>und advice and almost unequaled er have quite so little to be proud of knoW|w|ge „f Kaffir warfare being in ourselves as vvh*n we are perfectly	jn high esteem.
self-satisfied. Improvement is always a Although such a warrior, Mrs. Jo tipi-ogress, and very often a discourig- y^rt is a true woman. There is no ing one. For when we stop to look tbing masculine about either her ap-hack we see th it, in spite of all our .>earanc*» (,r manner. L’n'ike most efforts, we have gone i nly a very lit- j)utcli Afrikaner women, she is slim, tie distance, and we are moved to ask, topec;any when companxl with the " Does the road wind upward all the r(/|JU3l proportions uf General I let way?” And we hive to bow to the ;m- Jl>ubert. Wonderfully active for her _ : " Yes, to the very end.’	ü() years and over, she can ucc< mplish
This self-knowledge and humiliation : ua much hard work in an hour as give us infinite patience with others, j town-bred women would in a week, and knowing how truly we long to do xendless to say, she is immensely right, we believe that others have the llar am,«ng the burghers, lo the same longings and strivings, and would gick shv ia ever ready to leTC^ssmi-not insult tli-m by the cynical or pes- anC(,f an(l many a dying man has blessed her in nifiti at 1 «ns.
When not on the warpath Mrs Jou-
herl is singularly retiring. Many Freudians have n» ver seen her, although
Ainiltj at lha wife-stealing she lives in their midst, ini ' he tow n
pioiwnsities of the savage nations, wo house <>t ^p^p^%eLce, however, is cherish as our dearest form a custom f ^ th@ qU;et (lf the farm, where she that had its direct origin in this very |(>veH to remain until called forth to
J he “ best man," the battles of her country by wifely
well- affection.
Urban Vil I
that all her possessions in her house in Florence were ordered sold to sar-
\n Englishm in, who
he

isfy creditors was one of Du Ida 's stanch friends, bought everything in
not over-many
6,»
is ,8.0
indulged in as
-.b., ^ w,.t h.,. ww a -
hibit of putting their hats upon it hLs great pleasure to be able to save
tnd when the sermon began they lit bHr fruIU )b,. straits to which she had
i h» ir pipes and smoked, but without
It is also
lit
md, by way of demunstrating
the bill of sale fragments to the
cum
idea of irreverence
when the Archbishop uf his sincerity, lore up York, was on a visitation in Si. aljd presented the
Mary's, Nottingham, he ordered «urne windg o[ heaven This was all very of his attemlanis to bring him a pqw, ljnf, unj <lUite m keeping with the tobacco and sum liquor into the ves- Quid;l	,,f doing things, but. alas!
try for his refreshment »fter the ta- thgt iim.re8ting woman promptly he-tigue of confirm mon, but the i*‘<tu	running into debt once more and
would not allow it to be done. It wag goon aa badly off as before, was reported recently that at a fits- A -Q she wa8 ordered to be sold tup. bytery meeting m .^cotliml an ^ - Tgat was lhe point at which the de-
SSSe ssr wm-æ a
resuming their deliberations.
my

stated that

i*
her
retained intact the proof of his having bought i h«* goods, he might have again saved his friend. As it was, the sale proceeded, and. with the exception of things bought in for her by other good friends, Ouida lost almost everything
She has a phoenix-like quality, however, which must be responsible for the report that she has been almost daily of late driving on th- Lung Arno in a carriage uphols-
satin and at-
P01SON IN PURE WATER.
swer
Seeming Paradox Explained *>J « l.rrman
.Hr le n I Ul.
There is considerable danger, accord-(ivrmm medical newspaper,
> had
seen
simist ic doubt
Margaret Benson and
THE BEST MAN
While we
for to do it,” They «imply
at all to the fash
have any pretense
ionable, once on a nine in Sweden, occupied a position that was useful as well as ornamental. In the old days the Swedish groom found it desirable,
in fact, to have several Lu defend him from the assault of nv-
al* and Prevent	never very
times was far too is is not arduous or tiring
for instance, braid iujis or sit
THE SAMOANS.
no
ory
4Itlioufh Smilingly l*lci»««ut,
I* lrry l a-y.
Tlielr l.lIc
not at
When native Samoans are
they seem to foreigners to have a and agreeable life, i here is much to do, and what there
The old
best m m
war very easy
his bride
women
iy
J think she is quite a child," the young man answered, walking unsuspiciously into the trap set for him. And his companion's face cleared with a winning smile.
"Well, tell Mr. Raymond, that you have ,i very particular engagement on Wednesday, but that you will go Thursday instead,” she said softly.
Again Mac shook his head.
"I couldn't," he said, simply "You see it is rather—well, not an honor exactly, but a mark of confidence to he chosen for such an errand, are several fellows in the office a good hit older than 1 who would jump at the chance, hut the old boy has been uncommonly civil to me for the last year or so, and as I hope for a good rise in my salary after Christmas—”
The color rushed into Annie's cheeks.
Samoan wears no sleeves this ornament is always visible, and he is very he proud of it, which is easily understood, • a* ih* young lady hers If always doe,
it being mposi 1 •	.o
was
ihe tai'ooing intrust lo a professional wo. km n a task so full of settlement.
You see that p'ayground is
No, ma
public propel 'y
Oh, so it is.	... .
Yes, mi ; and it would lie selfish an
dishonest to deprive any other boy of j the right to go So it would, my think of that.
Yes, mi ; and besides he can
excursions
It
mat ion of a detailed character is said that the Prince of Wales was
asked the other day whom he consul ered the cleverest woman among his f'-i-nds.
did not forbid he would nanv his sister,
THEN AND NOW.
He used to say that she was p ump, And she was pleased at i hat :
But th-w were marred year < ago. And now he fills her days with woe, Bv telling her she'd f»l.
MABEL KNEW
There
are you
Her Mother—Mabel, dear,
Mr. Woodby loves you for your
here
l didn't
«ngel
sure
"¦“fcV'.iàrs—
you are in the room
He answered that if modesty
lick

This me
the Empress Frederick
ma
i



###PAGE###8###


-.APS IN
WATCHES.
MTbn FOU "THE LIFE | l>Iy muvli light
r^oerîd'.BUgre«°le.t ‘''mvl! ! “Bv"Hri' ,,f	poohlo to ho right
8*	l. IIOHNKK,
Svc.-Tmts
V
?8
ES
Public Notice
anti
V *•
%
Dewey, hero. By Murat
» ill. «U
SEE THESE
8*
V
BolWl Silver Case, 7 Jewels, Waltham, f 7
: FOR SALE OR TO RENT
Good Morning- !
11
8.5
vKvwavu of antiivuniitn hooks. Tlu»v montai.1 many excellent things, ami this makes them all thv ]
1h« warned in time
tire : d
l
i
Shaw ville. July I. 1st Hi
1
F. s. Bartlett 18.00
AT
none dangerous k> ' Do not play with
I not put your hand on the hole of.	____
iM^jekatrice den.	Smlod tendvm will In. rvcelv.-d by th«
iHwaio ot schism, of making a rent unJei-signed up to the loth of July lust. 111 die c*nn*eh of Christ. That inward fm deliver) upon the cor|»oraiinn property disunion, the members vvasin-r to h',v.. ,y Vlv M ,,a> t,r Nu^,,st next, the follow
sre? ; zr*?i 'r'A «• tepsars. .......................................
-	, ... . ) is tilt w i„v loot of all contvn- cédai plank, the same to he evenly and
non and every outward se parut ion. Be- m*aGy eut, 0 to H inches in width, and 11 ware of everything tending thereto. Be- or. fvvt in lv,,krtli ; ware of a dividing spirit, slum whatever	thousand feet of good, sound inch
...:	tîslïï;	--—« **» *¦
nitliun, whether their opinions agree I 1 >nt‘ hundred cedar sleepers a feet long
with yours or not. Oh! he ware 0f die same number :i feet long, all to In*
touchiness, of testiness, not hearing to he mit, U‘ss t,uui	*» diameter at top
Conveniently situated for a General "poken to. starting at the least word, and *'	*
®tore*	I flying from those who do not implicitly lot
accept mine or another's sa vines.— 1 tian Perfection “The new e
oh
17
Crescent st Nickel cases in place of «liver are less
.Vvar K°hl Med cases are $11.00 more than the silver cases
3»h
Toadors for Lumber.
UPPER THORNE CENTRE, QUE,,
ritOPKKTY I VTKLY OCWIMKH \\\
For Instance, a watch lu liver ease worth $7.ik> would be worth $ltf in a 20 year gold filled,or case.
Did you ever w car a serge Suit f Of course you did ! We sell serge suits t he good kind ; the kind that lasts ; the kind that don't get or two
merges as there Is in pies look splendidly, while other only remain to remind you that life is but a hollow sham.
H. Newham,
tu h 25 yea I
Consisting of one acre of land oil whioh ij built :
Ookl filled on ses are the 'Mas Roes ami the guarantee Is stamped into the metal of the ease, together with the maker’s name.
shiny" looking in a week I*here is as muc h dill'ernice in
ease
I
Building LY.Vtil with addition 12x18, used as a store and dwelling.
Building LMîxtîO (2 stories) used store-house.
There is also erected on property a summer kitchen, woodshed and oil house.
Some make you
us a
QOODWYIT
Get a “TYKE SERGE" Suit from ua and bo happy.
?
The Watchmaker,
— SOLE AGENT —
ARNI’KIOR, ONT.
A. R McGUIRE,
The Tailor
t
I ruder* w ill In* considered vit lier joint ly separately fur the above mentioned
For particulars apply to
Chris- quantities
W. XV. IRELAND or J. H» SHAW,
pp. C5-76
(i. F. HOIK» I NS
Simwville, July 1, ISJH*
Mnvor
xpressions naturally torn! to give you a new set of ideas. They would surely set your imagination at I w ork and in ike you fancy wonderful I things, but they were only shadows." i >> orbs, vol. 7, p. 2114 I	* *( >ne says
Shaw ville, Que
To PATENT Good Ideas
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOtJft S^ITtf, Proprietor.
s
may he secured by our aid. Address.
THE PATENT RECORD.
Baltimore, Md
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO
>
1 «1» as sure tins in tin
Cara run at intervals of twenty minutes In J. ('°(1. as that 1 am just died the morning nud fifteen minutes In the after ! \	'
An

THE BEST IS CHEAPEST.
» I am as sure ( iod spake this to my heart as ever lie s|H»ke to
ill.' Phis is an exceedingly dangerous way of speaking. We know not what it tiiav lead us to. It may sap the very foundation of our religion. It may insensibly draw us into Deism or At lie ism.”—Works, vol 7 p. lit*.
CHANGE OF TIME	I	SccvTreas. I ^ began examining the society hut not
I —____——I	** was wanted for the plague was
etrec?3May Vmh ïîw ** heIow wil1 takc	'	-- “ 1-“ J*Vu.n-,1.folind1 "*ny crying out Faith
».’Î5& isà*SS::--:nr.«te What to do With the
EiBBfâHElStê BiZi	1
lHfgi=#siSSSSIMIlER MILL
Sunday8 aml 4 1 Hily excePl Saturday and ln8 the future welfare of their only eon* the whole pretty near an hour. I after Nos 5 and 6 Saturday only.	The mother was for giving him a profee- WftIh*ld him what I did not admire.
EsSS*? z
P. W. R esse man.	mg the boy in mercantile life.	thinking lie had the miraculous ' dis-,
Gen sup t. | The father’s reason for being opposed imminent of spirits
t ) his son entering professional life, -	' 1 ,hL>
that he had a brother, who, while

I lie spot spot for
III
f
me at
noon, daily, Smidayn included
A Fashionable Haik Cvt Boon Shampoo, ok A Clean Shave.

Close connections arc* made with all Cana-Baggage promptly handled.
V
Mullen's Ponliry Rollings
AjbT Your Turn next
OTTAWA & GATINEAU RT
A^ent for The STAR LAUNDRY of Ottawa.
Articles to l*e laundried forwarded
Tuesday morning.
W. R. TAYLOR
are aneanalled in quality and
every
Heir Fences are lie Best.

ROUTAGE DU FORT
Hardware merchants sell these goods and can supply you. If they fail, you write the manufacturers at Picton.
THE B. GREENING WIRE CO., Gen. Agis., Hamilton and Montreal.
SOLD ALSO BY CANADIAN HARDWARE JOBBERS.
IS AGAIN IN GOOD WORKING
ORDER FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF
First class Flour
Journal, Nov
Pontiac Pacific tell By
was
I heard George Bell once more and
, , .	. .	, .	very Iw?ls convinced he must not continue to
clever, had nothing to show f >r his years pray at the foundry
A Call Solicited
Central Canada Exhibition Association.
Twelfth Annual
The reproach of
of labor but a mere living and a good, I Christ 1 am willing to bear, but not tin-big account on the debit side—the m mey I V unT /1\l ent!lusiasl11’ if 1 cau help it.
.pent in educating him,elf.	'	a bille surprised at some who
i father, not having the education <f | ^ere buffeted of Satan in an unusual '	I	bis brother, and eo:uc years ago engaged	manner by a spirit of laughter. L. ...
with the BradleyGarreteon Co„ Limited,	<>ne ho violently and viciously torn of
.. s.W|°f i* rant ford, (hit., tirât as canvassing the evil one did I never see before. “	^ [J	«igont, being promoted from time to time	Sometimes she laughed till almost
"	8.08	I	until now he was in the very front rank	Strangled.” Journal, vol. 1, p. 271.
7 § Wlth lhla company and making lute cf “lùlily emotions of various kinds :SÎ	money. He has alto seen a lot of the	not the fruits of the Spirit. Indeed I
7i?	70It h,aving l>een sent to Australia,	always ascribe them to Satan.”—Works
Tio,.	J	south Africa, England and the Vnited |	vol, 14, p. 301»
States. It was therefore not to be won
Leave Si# I dered that he was °PP089d to his soil tak
•Hag Station. (Tank, t Flag Station.
o
JOSEPH BROWN,
Official Time Table :
Propriutoi?
17112
AM
5.45 Leave
Aylmer
tBreekeuridge
?	Eardley Parker*k Crossing
t* Mohrs Quyon Wyman's
?	Tank Bristol McKee’s
Shawvilie Clark ’h
Campbell’s Bn y
?	Tank Î' Vinton Cou longe
*	Mellon’s XValtbum
Arrive Ht
6 0J
9.2i
8.12
^ the form of worship soon became, and has since remained, a Methodist institution.
6.18

EXHIBITION
At OTTAWA, ONT
September 11 to 23, 1899,
6.26
s.5<
6.87
8.1
#147
HELD UP BRITISH SHIP
Chinese Pirates Loot a Vessel in view of the Gunboats.
6.56
«4
6.58
7.04
I
7.26
arc
7.45
l
8.00

8 03
Vancouver, F>. C., June 39.—The Brit-Many of our brethren are overshoot- ®hip XVoon, Messrs. Hanker & Co., in g sober Christianity in London. The	wa8 held up by Chinese pirates on May
mg up a profession, and as the sun in corruptions of the best things is the 122, at Kamchuck, on the West river, who n	...... .	question bad a liking for money	and tra-	worst corruptions.**—Arminian Magazine,	coolly emptied the cargo into junks	lying
Connecting	with Hull Electric Railway	I vel, it was finally decided tlut he ought	17<i5, p. loi.	alongside. Then the passengers,	many
at ylmer.	to follow in the footsteps of his father “A few (very few compared to the M whom were British and Americans, had
P.	W. RESbEMAN,	and enlist with this old reliable	Publish	whole number) first gave wav to eut huai-	to R1V6 UP $7,000 in cash
GENERAL superintendent	tna: House, especially as he had	just re-	asm, then to pride ; next* to prejudice The Chinese torpedo boats placed in I mu • -rn	.
—------------------ I ceived a good salaried ifLr from them. land offence, and at last separation from 'he river to prevent piracy, were anchor -1-HlS ihXtllDlLlOD. IS SGCOIld.
the brethren. We lost only the dross,	ed within 500 yards of the scene, but f.n	rinnp	irt	Ponorln	fnn
the enthusiasm, the prejudice and of-	made no attempt to assist the merchant-|	v	11U11C	111	VctiltLUcl	lOP.
fence. The pure gold remained.—Works, man- After the rubbery the captain of
(Published bv reoue«t »	ivol. 7, 384.	theWoon re verst d her Hag at the mast.	1	“Mark them which cause divisions and I head, but the torpedo heals steamed by
“ A spirit of enthusiasm was breaking	offences contrary to the doctrines which	without paying any attention to the sig*
in upon many who charged their own im-	ye have learned and avoid them.”—Rom.	n*l of distress
aginations on the will of God, and that 1(1. 17.	The boat captains of the West
written, but impressed on their	“My dear brother, always take advice	I he’d a meeting after the robbery, and
NEW SER\ ICE,	MODERN	EQUIPMENT, hearts. It these impressions be re-	or reproof as a favour ; it is the surest	I *tRhng that the torpedo boats wire not
_	_	^^^^1 vuixed the rule of action instead of the mark of love. I advised you once and engaged in suppressing piracy, but in
J FBinS uâlly	between	'ulTlon y °r<l. I know nothing so wicked	you took it as an affront, nevertheless, ]	squeezing money out of Chinese junks on
I or absurd but we may fall into, and that	will do it once more. Scream no more at	die pretence of escorting them down the
OTTAWA & MONTREAL. I without remedy.”— Journal, July, 1741. the peril of your soul. God now warns < river-
LiMJTED TRAINS 2i » Wnrr«	V	*1AVe l,efn «wakened justified, you by me, whom He has sent over you. ,	--^--
'	"	•	'	.	3^"^S&lra*^£L*,K «tOOO M®, MAY OO IDLE
ÈI
tMtht pray aloud all together. 2. Some Herein be a follower of me as I am of
pMSEifei===s=5SEE
tar 10 M"n,reaL	It « very possible it may check or even known in the Es.t, i, one of the «add J	be held Sa.nrdàv’h^ w’!
e 7 *1.^ À if L.K-ai--from Rockland passed tor devotion. Possibly it may 111688 troubles and illness are supposed to	^ec^*
* ’*	" **	! Pavent, loud shouting, horrid, unnatural I have led to eelf-destructi<m. His life	-*-
• New	York,	New	screaming, repeating the same	words	W88 insured for ten thousand dollars. He One of (he “crooks” who victimized
HairI t^"ent>7 or thirty times, jumping	two or	came to Winnipeg in 1872 from Peter- Ifarni6r Wallace, of Horton, a few weeks
buffet car	New YnrktoOttawa.	three feet high, and throwing about the	borough, Ont. He was forty-two years	a8°. bas been located by Chief McDer- I	Two Protestant	Teachers	fnr	i	i
a 12*10	NOOX	ymi.te(1.-.fr^m	arms and legs, both of men and	women I *g6-	mott of Renfrew. Fie is John Greene, U Schools, I^eslie,	holding elementarv	cer
® t:lc^in^i^c at9.Ya\n:‘1 sto^TlIexaudriJ !n a l,ianncr «hocking not only to religion	__^^	,Haute, îndiana. Green has Scutes. Apply.stating salar>', to *
only; Has Pullman parlor car.	hut to common decency; but it will never | oTTnnrvcinrv —, . ______	been lodged :n jail, to await the neces-	«• SEAMAN,
ss&rysrrr»?.irs	slsses
<1 iwi P	Daily-Local—from inter- 7, p. 295.	I	--- I for hie misdeeds.	I A HfjKRIBLB MISTAKE.
•Lvv 1 elvle mediate points. Cornwall.
Kingston. Toronto and points west. Has Pullman parlor cai.
8.12
8.30
6.54
1
8.47
1
8.55 Arrive
;
X
(2) TWO WEEKS! (2)
y

8
y
K
Wesley’s Advice to the Sanctified
J
LIVE STOCK ACCOMMODATION. QUALITY OF EXHIBITS, and EXCELLENCE OF ATTRACTIONS.

w
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT MAY lit, 1899.
)
.
n
river
ol
nt it
c<
ID
Grounds extended and several erected since last Exhibition.
$1500 added to Prize List this in Live Stock Department.
$3,000 offered in purses for Horse Races.
new buildings
D
ei
ha
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
year, principally
a <>.25 A.M
th
a 8.45 A.M
Limited stops Alexan-^	• andria only. Arrives
Montreal 11.15 a.m. Pullman parlor car attached.
\s W AX i XI Sundays only—slope at W	a # VI# intermediate stations.
Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. m. Pullman parlor car attached.
Be
i
ch
W
Tt
Spectacular :
“Bombardment of Pekin.”
Je
a 9.40 A.M a 4.20 P.M
U«*
>o J 9
lat
ba
pr<
wil
•ei
ma
Specially reduced rates on all lines of travel

''
]
Come First Week and avoid the Rush.
WM. HUTCHISON, M. P„
President.
lot
of
b. mcmahon,

gru
Bri
Secretary.
26 Sparks St.
?
in
Soi
a 11.20 A.M
Teachers Wanted.
Jas
Tenders Wanted.
mg
A

¦ns
sec Tieas. President
Hu
fai
gra<
l>an of r prie ext<
11 Beware of that daughter of pride, I	Answer Descriptions.	-------- i pniRnn • ttt -d
TZZITZTZ. B=== S5	SSSe a
• ••J" 1 # va * broke, Eganviiie, Renfrew j nection with the context. And so you Journal calls to mind that one hundred Eggs, (fresh,).,./C?/P.ZZ	ing the d< w) ^ f it b ' hi imuiHter- in a gravel pit near Ayr, ween Guthrie
are if you despise or lightly esteem rea- years ago- August, 1799-th* first camp- Wool.l4to Hi I drop of medicinefell anon itlndlï *' a j	which resulted in a disson, knowledge, or human learning : meeting for religious worship was held in Butter...jx.6,.^w.. MM called for aid ti. P land at once | pute that was ended in Gemmill hitting
every one of which is a gift of God, and America. The site of this notable gath- Pork per 100, dressed.	— to   tered an antidote Lw1J);/i,0Ia.na , mmi1' J*’®67®* on the head with a stone render-
may serve the noblest purposes.	Ting im a short distance from Russell- B-ef.. 5.00 to 6 50 the patient died in « was tv, late and mg him unconscious. He had since
gssisasittst&zt&ti	SaE^r:.:.vr.	SL5? 5?
is a great and dangerous mistake. Al-I Tournai* article, were formerly conducted Hides,.. 6.00 to 6.50 and advised that mm ,uralti(' t,lv nurse oner X ardon, of Galt, was immediately
ways remember much 1 does not im-1 irrespective of denominational lines, but Pelts... 36 to 50 kept hereafter in blue bottle#***"*****	| ing ********* *or an<* *or Isst even-
A QUARREL THAT ENDED IN
A DEATH.
One Workman in a Dispute Hit
Another with a Stone.
B
give
die*
to t
men
jour
whe
take
joya
•inn!
the i
TO AND FROM THE WEST (Daily, except Sunday)
4.25 P.M
reep
A

Araprior and intermediate points.
temp Kter clevi hims turbi 1 took it wa open knoc the ii owne comp

OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot Rnssell House Block
a Train* run daily except Sunday. b Sunday only.
«
»
I
\
I
1
Is
là!
y
16
-
t
, J

ttdk
K
lx

m*

