###PAGE###1###
h
i
/
I
J
¦il

(


SH A W VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
Nu. , 2.—17tu Year
THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1899.
S1.00 a Year in Advance.
Dominion Day, Shaw-ville.
Mr. Hugh Brownlee, of Olengyle, and George Richardson, of Radford, left a few days ago for Alberta District, where Call ami inspect stock of buggies and I ^ey may settle down if a suitable location carts. We have the best	1 can	,
)
BANK OF OTTAWA
The
Reliable Bargain House.’
i
Head Office [Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . 81,500,000.00
. 11,170,000.00
OF CANADA.
A. Smiley.
Wanted at once at Pontiac House, Khnwvillo, an experienced cook. Highest wages will he
paid.
Host
PERSONAL
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000 RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
Board of Directorn Cjarlkh Magee, Esq., President Geo RGB Hay, esq., Vice-President
Hon. Geo. Bryson. Jr.
Alex. I'kaheh, Ewj,
Great Mid-Summer
COOK WANTED
k
Mr. and Mrs. McArthur and Mrs Jam. Me Credit) and children, spent Sunday at Norway Bay.
Head Office, - Montreal.
John Mather, Ehq.. David MacLakkn, Ksq.,
CLEARING SALE I
Another attraction for Shawville for the
Dr. and Mrs. Alex. Hunter, arrived 1st of July. Handford will bo at the I\>n- last week on a visit to the latter's partie House prepared to photograph those ente, Mr. and Mrs. H. Lang, who want ti e latest in pictures
Dennis Murphy, Esq.
—(
General Manager, .. .. Manager,
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
GEORGE BURN D. M. FINN IE
A GENERAL RANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.

Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours .
Saturdays . .

Hr. and Mrs. Wm. Lothian, <*f Bry-The subject chosen by the Rev. O. C. I non, and Mis# Nyo, of Ottawa, were the Carey fur his sermon at Hodgins* hall guests of Mrs. Jas. McCredie on Sunday.
ver collection.	I Mrg w g Crawford. Miea Arm.trong,
A number of our citizens attended Fore-1 Mrs. C’e sister, has also arrived, paugh’s big show at Ottawa last week, and report the performance good, while the other features of the great exhibition were much above the ordinary.
¦ In the Domin-
DrAfts issued on all Banking points lou, United b tales and Great Britain.
Note* and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
Bums of 11 and upwards received la Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10a. in. to3p. m. Saturday 10a.m. to p. m.
TO COMMENCE
TUESDAY, JULY 4TH,

10 A M. To 3 P.M.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PA UK Kit, Manager

Miss C. Hind, B. A., late Principal of the Academy, arrived here on Wednesday evening, on a visit to friends in town.
Mr. Chrysoetome Langelier, of the Crown Lands Department Quel>ec, spent jured about the body on Thursday even- Wednesday night last in town; also Aid. ing Inet by a very epinled young colt | r. j, Davidson, of Ottawa, which he owns, running away
i
and continue for two weeks.
The Great IV|oney-Saving Event of the Season !
LOCAL NEWS.
Have you tried Dowd's 44 High Loaf ' Flour ?
A first-class Surrey for sale—cheap.
A. Smiley.
Mr. Louis Dumas, of Bristol, had several ribs broken and was otherwise in-
I '
The Equity greets its patrons this I week in an enlarged form, the change be I ing from a five to a six column quarto sheet. Press of work has prevented us making sundry changes in the make-up of the {taper with the object of improving its appearance, but these we hope to accomplish within a ret sonable delay. The enlarged edition will afford us greater I are asking for tenders for the completion scope for both advertising and news-mat- ^ ul’lHir flat of the new exhibition
ter, and we shall be very glad of the assistance of correspondents in the different
sections of the country, in supplying the | dist church, will hold a strawberry festi
latter. Parties who feel disposed to do I	K" *roVe 0,1 WtKilie8dft^
so will be supplied with writing material '	^
for that purpose.
Business has been very satisfactory so far, but in many lines our stock is rather heavy, and to make a quick clearance have decided to CUT PRICES so low that a few days will do the work.
Dominion Day, Shawville.
OTTER LAKE AND LESLIE
P. McMahon, of Chapeau, in the County of Pontiac, has been appointed
clerk of the circuit court and clerk of the Statute labor is about a thing of the magistrate’s court for the County of Pon-	here now.
tlaC> at ( ha peau, in the room and stead ()ur merchants and mechanics all seem of Peter Sarstield.	to be pretty busy now, and I see that
G. B. Killoran has got another assistent in his business, in the person of Mr. Michael Kelly.
Messrs. T. McGuire, M. Cavanagh and A. Yadneau, all of Vinton, were here on the 18th, and also Mr. Dan Smith, of Thorne Centre.
Mr. Joe Papin, representing the Moody
And now the statute labor man Mr. John Brownlee has rectified a mis- * 0 - in h,wn Monday and I uesday. sets himself to the task of nnevening	up	take that many others in Shaw vile have	Mr Tims. Stephens went	to Razubaztia OCOtCn Oinghams,
things a bit, thereby causing business	to	made in building—starting with founda-	Monday and Tuesday.	White PiCQUeS,
hum in the carriage making establish- tiona altogether too low. This item re Mr. \V. B. Lafleur returned from Kazu-	p .
ments of our country.	fers to John’s blacksmith shop, which is bft7.ua Tuesday.	rancy ricques,
a couple of feet higher than it was a few Messrs. Napoleon Laviolette and M. Fancy Muslins,
Hon. George Bryson, jr., has succeed- days ago.	W. Lafleur, jr., who have been on the
ed in obtaining a special grant of two	,	e	drive for Messrs. W. C. Edwards & Co.,
Dominion. Da/V, Shaw- hundred dollars from the Commissioner Mr. Wm. A. Hudgins, of E. Hod gins arrived home Tuesday.
.«11	of Agriculture, Quebec, towards comple- & Son, left on Tuesday morning for Win	Mr. and Mrs. Robt. Farrell went	to
VTlie.	tion of the new exhibition hall here. ni peg, and other points in Manitoba and	Shawville Tuesday.
the Northwest. William is taking the Mr. London, representing the Anchor Mr. t red Tippms, of the rear of Clar- i trip merely for the benefit of his health, Knitting Factory, and also Messrs. Craw-endon, was severely injured about the which has not been very good for some ford & Sons, of Almonte, were in town head on Wednesday evening last while time past.	Tuesday in the interests of their two
stock of lounges and parlor suites at sur-	room for the balarce of the wtek, and	r., o	. *i t> ! onnntv
prisiogly low prices, quality considered.	Never nnnd the weather; we can take	therefore unable to complete her duties	Mt\ G. B. Killoran went	to the Buy |LUUIlUy
on "1/1” ;‘bul Sy’ou'rXr,	at .he garden social, daf^ ^ *****
brat then see the race*. Handford, at iven b the ladies of Sf. haul’s church >-
¦	he Pontiac House gallery. We have no ^ Wednesday evening last, was favored Friday
as
be convinced that they are ahead.	/•	handfokd. hoped for. An excellent tea was served, ey, which was a success.
A. Smiley.	The Quyon gold mine, the management and the evening was enjoyably spent in	* Mr. Nap. Laviolette went to Shawville
a double shaft has been put in under the gently occupied by Dr. K*ock. Mr. A	Sans Ceremonie.
management of Mr. P. Campbell, A new I Smiley has removed across the street into hoisting engine will be put in at once, hie house on south side of Court street, says the Advance.	| (vacated by Mr. Cuthbertson.) Dr. MuT
.	... , . ligan will occupy A. Smiley’s house on.	,	M | II
A very pretty wedding took place in north side Court St.	I Minutes of a meeting of directors of
####=fSIES
ite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor couple left for Ottawa, there to take the p. m. All are cordially inv,ted to attend, approved.	E Graham,	Joe* Y or>o, stud ud bore wt 1 be .evera1 grand
turns out a superior class of work in Mon train for Montreal and other points. Admission 25 and 15 cents.	A bill for school taxes was received Sec.-Treasurer. 1 u aident.	P ,L . ‘ Jl g tolling
uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason-	. /	I	„T .	,	from the Sec.-Treas., of the village of	--- k, which large money prize.
able	James Morrison, a nineteen year old They Were in it.—Our lacrosse boys shawville, on a portion of land owned	I are Being ottered.
farm laborer, living about Nix miles above returned from Quyon in very jubilant yy Society.	Ottawa Exhibition,	Already one sensational attraction ha*
Dr. Lyon is having a Page wire fence Eardley, was drowned in the Ottawa river spirits on Tuesday evening. They report- Moved by dir. Armstrong, seconded	- , been secured for the fair. Miss Ida Le-
erected around hie attractive grounds on on Sunday morning. Morrison accom- ed a clean sheet with six straights to their by ^lr McVeigh, and resolved, that aa The Central Canada Fair this year will j Koy, Ulloomst, will ascend in a common Main St.	A very neat	fence of this man-	panied by two young sons of his employ	credit, notwithstanding that they found | properties held by Agricultural So- undoubtedly be the beat ever given in i balloon, from which she is tired and
ufacture	also encloses	Mayor Hodgins'	er went to the river for a bath. The un-	it somewhat difficult at times to keep | cjoticl are exempt from taxation, and we Eastern Canada. Having decided, at the | makes a parachute decent,
premises on Main 8t.	fortunate young man, however, had been their eyes on the rubber owing to the be- ^ec^ne to pay the sum.	request of patrons, to extend the fair As usual there will be a night spectao-
in the water but a short time when he wildering effect of the many-colored garb Moved by dir. Grant, seconded by dir. over two weeks, the directors are sparing ^lar, and the oce selected for this year, took cramps and sank. The body was of the composite team which they allege Aiexander, that a vote of thanks be ten- no expense to make the fair equal to any ‘ The Bombardment of 1 ekin is said recovered a few hours afterwards.	disputed honors with them. The boys de:ed Mr. Hon. Geo. Bryson, jr, for the held in Canada. With this object in view :	l"e	hnf8t Produced by Messrs.
Morrison had no relatives in the vicin-	now seem willing and ready to face all ;ntertiBt he has taken in the Society, by there has been large expenditures on new Uand « leale ot Hamilton, ^ ho have so
He was an orphan, sent to Can- comers on Dominion day here.	securing from the Commissioner of Agri- buildings and improvements, the prize , «u v. HHully staged *uch productions in
æwssssîy oihî'u'	e,     israrSSssAiS,I	iz %%% “ ZZZLlZ :	H'VFs
second to none in the district, and ell ‘nt»r”ted m /chool metter, ah.uld at- the Superior Court of this district. n	.. McVeigh, seconded by the art exhibit, for which s new bu.lding | utilized in the production of the piece
orders receive prompt attention at mod- ‘end the meeting for the election of school Judge Lavergne made the appointment	, y d res0|ved8 that we ask for has been erected . All the leading artists j Several hundred soldiers of the Capital
eiÉiepp
ïïrjrs:à'aoia-Æ.,«»^www.,c.-u,h- *-» -
85 years. His remains were interred at line of railway from • point a short dis- dealer and an expert, who were making a Cr iming display.	n‘ed* •rran^^"t' 1 ’’ j %mllnin un Mr. Ed. McMahon, the secretary, a ill
. SRSSSB SSEÎ5E3S5 Bee, EttSttssti---------------------------------------------—•
-mmm i=5
Grand Celebration The members getting a good line without difficulty. diamond kind and small diamond-shaped ( ’rochet l nder Shirt.	doubtless be a very .try :8P

Shawville was well represented at the Quyon demonstration on Tuesday.
The directors of Ag. Society No. 1,
Mr
While in town last week, Mr. Cleland was the victim of a certain amount of misplaced confidence. It seems he gave his horse an opoortunity of running away and the animal very promptly took it. Result—A very badly damaged carriage.
Decided Bargains in
The Ladies' Aid, of Shawville Mefcho
i
Black Dress Muslins, plain, Black Dress Plain and Fancy Ducks, Plain and Fancy Crash, Plain and Fancy Drill,
White Muslin,black spot. Black Muslin, white spot,
Domestic Ginghams
check
I I
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
Gentlemen—See our shirts, colllarsand tics; new lines just in

J. II. Shaw
Dress Goods, Laces, Trimmings,
Skirts, Blouses, Etc.
STRAW HATS—thirty dozens, all kinds—AT COST !
Campbell’s Bay, I gQQ J§ anti SHOES.
It is stated that a change of venue may take place in connection with Mrs. Sparling’s second trial.
any in the market. For sale by A. Smiley Shawville, from $20 up.
f
The largest and finest range of Footwear in the
all reduced. Don’t miss this department.
F$EADY-TO-WE/\R CLOTHING,
An immense gathering of people at tended the campmeeting services at Me Dowell's grove on Sunday.
Of best make. Sandford and Johnston goods included in this sale.
Mr. Jos. Roy arrived home from Ottawa
41 You can fool all the people some time, and some people all the time you can’t fool all the people all the time
AT ANY TIME.
But
We don’t try to fool anybody
Prove it and save Money.
Our Sale is Genuine.
short reference was made in these columns a few weeks ago.
J. H. SHAW.
You have had the chance to get cheap photos, now you will have the opportunity of getting good photos that are worth what we ask. Compare samples and judge for yourself.	Handford.
Director’s Meeting

Come early and avoid the rush. You will only be detained about five minutes. Steady: 46 snap shot,” and the result is an up-to-date photo every time. Hand- . _ ford, Pontiac House, (up stairs) July
1st.
The Dominion Government is going to undertake to supply the North-west farmers with servants.
lars.


i



###PAGE###2###


WILD HOUSES OF THIBET
smaller antagonist
quarter of a mile of each other the two beasts come to another halt nud 'loud facing their renyective herds,
imwing the ground and neighing fierce- | QUALITY OF BRAIN COUNTS MORL
THAN QUANTITY.
When within
CHICAGO IN GREAT DANGER
SIZE INDICATES NOTHING.
MüflDEREB BT THE MISAI.
MIGHT HAVE BEEN SERIOUS.
NI<lo«k ike Cage a ml Wawked Ils we a Tiger liutletid <»fa She!laud Pony.
Pezon. the famous French lion tain r. was showing at Moscow last summer, when he had an experience | iiemn* of One of Ike Wow fthorktng of
which would have made his hair**urn white if the life of constant danger he had had not already done so. He travelled with a number of cages on I Ravage cannot even by his mobt hope-wheels, and being unable to carry at- *ul student be termed humane. To one tendants for all hia beasts, generally who has lived with him. who knows hired a m m to clean the harmless ones him and bis works, it is difficultly be-wherever he went. die had in his | Ilvve that the African occupies .'niche
One 1 Mi d of Ike l ew* W klrk Supply Hie I lly WHh Wllk Are loierivd Wllti lob eiculoul*.
One-third of the cows from which milk for the Chicago market is taken are affected with tuberculosis. Iheir milk is mixed indescriminately with that of healthy animals, and tbus nine-lentils of the milk sold in that city is
A DULL OF STALLIONS AND A BAT ILE BETWEEN HERDS
TWO DEFENCELESS AND UNOFFEND ING MISSIONARIES.
i y * bending their shapely necks much -n the manner of two actors in sword '¦oinbai making the preliminary flourish previous to deadly action.
I'his overture lasted for fully fifteen minutes, when with startling suddenness both animals leaped around and rushed at each other with the vel-
AAuismI Haman < li.irucicrt*itr* «I I In An
t Unir-Wilted *<»w»l»oy Had I he Urged ku.Miu — l ouipaii»uii* llelween	llie
Üray Haller of llie World*» H *1 Men a ml Ils Worst.
maU -MoieHienls III reeled by MllUar.i Selenee—lull of ihe lllu While hinltim — 4 I on illei In Wlileii Many I ell
William Jameson Reid, who
Tragédie»-Hew. James Honghlon and Ills W ife Ihe lleliiless Vlrllnm.
The methods of the Central African
I he size of a man's head is no more
several years in exploring China and	I	L<'lly of well-aimed projectiles. Xearei | index of lus brain capacity	than the
ol the wild horses of Thibet in his book	|	t lie moment when the two grand beasts | Wul*S it contains.
As a matter of fact, many of our
el eve rest men, whose names are part dairyman to detect it except by the I'f history, have had l i .mis smaller	tuberculin	test	applied	to	every	cow.
nest* I'zerlikadu. are very numerous in	I	cautiously for a moment, us if await-1 than those of thousands of	criminals	As	cows discovered with the	disease	are
ihe < * untry tu the eastward of Sukul I iug the necessary owning. And then
spvn
• I
unsuspicious."
Cows suffering from tuberculosis
vase of a watch is of the Quality of the
usually show no outward symptoms of the disease, and it is impossible for a
Through Unexplored Asia,” which is | must come together with tremendous
f< rce. But, no ! for when within twenty feet of each other they came back on their haunches, and eyed each uth-
to be issued shortly:
" Wild horses, called by the Si fa
in the same scale of creation ny the
show a very small shetland pony whoa» trick it wits to ride on the buck I civilized being; but among many in-of a lion. On arriving at Moscow he b.imiin barbarians prpetrated through hired a Cossack to clean out a row whal aPP*'«rs sheer lust for blood, no of cages, and specified in particular fur ““ experience extends, the niur-the one In which the little Shetland dor of lh‘v J"™» Houghton and hie lay asleep- The Cossack did not un- w,f« M,iaal warriors at Golhantj in derstand a word of French. Peaon |th® G,*lls oountry stands pre-effiin-tried to show him about his work by
Hid imbeciles. Take, for example, the at once confiscated fox rendering, withal l H ONE LAS l OK El ANT NEIGH | busy and fertile brain of Gambetta; its 1 out compensa l ion to tbe owner, dairy-
at each other, they leaped to i tu* en* |weight was only counter
It the base of t be mountain ranges. They are generally in large herds, very shy, and when frightened continue their flight for days, they are
a little over
42 men are tempted to hide cu*es of tu-oonces. or just half the weight of the bervuloaia, aud protect the herds from brain of an imbecile newsboy, who re- the Stale officials.
• * To describe the events of the next ten minutes would require pages of sever hunted, owing to the difficulties I hyperbole to give in any measure a
Df the chase, but are captured by | faint idea of the supreme grandeur
and weirdness of this herculean struggle between two giants. I hey rushed at each other time and time again like immense catapults ; they fought with
o other sound could be heard—the two herds, who had meanwhile approached nearer to the struggle, gazing on their leaders as if carved in stone. One would have
had to I»t‘ within a few feet of the tit- imbecile Hindoo woman.	tuberculosis in one form or another,
""Mu,	—I» -	*»'““»	...... k'111 « W —» .W, Milk
hour. The two beasts could be seen man 1,1 lvu Las a brain several ounce» positively dangerous, while others were rearing in the air, locked together like heavier than that of the average man only slightly affected two wrestlers, their teeth tearing each of intellect, who in turn tmasts more
T..."T "T —	- *» -	»... « — «-
force of pile-drivers. Both animals gmms as Buoon, Lord Byron and Daniel demned aud sent to the rendering
were tiring perceptibly, when in an
instant all was oxer. A sharp tally,	SOME STRIKING COMPARISONS	! puees	of only a tithe of the infected
and then the ghostly form of the big	,	...	......
white stallion rose alone, and on the	Dr. Joseph	Simons, who has	made	a	iaUie	*lt>m W^cb mi^ is being » i
ground lay the prostrate body of his sp ,cial slUtlv uf comparative brain l,lied daily 10 citizens of Chicago. The
HSsS StoÆ r:
knicking the bodv of his defeated foe. ihe average brain of men generally, Lut u) to l hitago, and on account “ We had seen the great equine duel,	und llml (h,	l0 hvaviv8l |,rains	of ihe	| iUs l^	uiiar nature and the present con-
but we little knew what was yet in	dilion	of the laws governing the exSoon .her, a move- * » of g-mu„ averaged more than	ol llel,w “ la moel difficult
nine ounces less in weight than the
ESSis	- **• HSæ yç
«B. r£E="EH
Sukul	we	had immediately	concluded	'phe din and crash as thev swept to-	%J	.	.	the	cans—ih.it	from healthy animals	vd iron, and consisted ofl	two rooms;
was not	better than	his	fellows,	for	ge,her even at our dis,am ,, was „r-	-«>J	^»ntm	s,	Russ,an. and	,g„or-	allll	frtHU th.se	.«rtially or greatly at-	There .» perhaps no	k.tcben .» the	,h) other> ,ately occupied	by the mur-
rifie. and in Ihe .dear n,w nlight , -uld	aut	-s anJmuv,au	peasant, i.,340	gram-	fer ted by the	disease	world, eo full of interest, old	and new,	d_ TfA migsilin.lri,.a was	situated on
and im Middenlv as it had commenced.	ed	iamjUS	mvu*	NNilb a brain uf 1*hlti	oft	the germ»	unscathed, but in the	than seven centuries,	and	which is	wilb thatch ;d roof, and possessing
~z ,:tr;
conflict for scattered here and there Lambetta could boast, and the guiilla, mg place for the germs would be read- 1 b<‘ meat sueen wliuh us in use to- ^v-pt patb which form d the main street all over the Plain w, re the forms of ,lj orangoutang and chimpanzee have ilv f,,und. and inlection might result day with its metal lining and Tudor oflh. village a large building had
sr-aü* ............... .iHHEsHE JS5	1	irr.% zzzzzz pur,”“ -
a man s main is no index to his in- ni;l(b, from t liât milk are not to be and must find strange companionship Soma three months previously there leiloctual capacity.	desired.	in the electric lights which now rule	hud	been	an	alarm of	Masai, hut no at-
as compared with a	man,	she can	t|lv examination of these cattle.	shining utensils, its mammoth ranges,	.	,	afterward seen that they
•- -«? ....» « -
gallant man may protest his superior- CORRECT IN VISITING CARDS. I hi n is the confectionery room, with	ARRIVAL Oh IHE MASAI.
ltd six magicians, pastry room wi h	on the morning ol the 3rd of
By no .‘mall point is one's worl(ily | four, and the bake-house.	May Mr. lloughton, totally unarmed,
and sum • are not. •	A curious and interesting fact in experience gauged so easily as in the Thv French chef, who is king of	in tw'%reh"t
"Well, Ezra." said Mrs. Hilltops, ' if connection with brain weights is that selection of ones visiting (aids. oe tbpS( royal kitchens, has under him ready mentioned and his wife was sit-vou can find	sum * quiet sanitarium	Jb l‘vujd^ «T < «ht i liimites üa\c Li rgv i	to the untortunate who is st 11 viugi foi	qujtv an army of assistants, to whom	ling on	the veranda of	their house,
whore 1 can	go this summer I want	lropic8. “l h <* palm of cranial capacity	Ia P^:ice	lbe social fit marnent if he	bjs wju js aa absolute as that of the	sewing.	She had not	been long at
to go th	re	instead	of	to	the	seashore.”	gU( s to Scotsman, who	boast	the 1 arg-	attempts anything novel or unconven-	gueeil beiself. Immediately under	%hmirh?n2
And	this	was	all	on	account	of	the	est brains in the world as	a nation,	| tioml in the scrap of pasteboard which	hjm .ue four master cooks, each of	ir‘m ih	j	.ngle and	marching round
was 8 30 p.m, and. he	,e;isl R> ounces more brain announces his coming or departure. To wh()m is alino8t unrivaled in his own th stockade, carrying huge elliptical
ing at their tethers and whinnying MUaiu*r children had just gone to Uvd ^ distauc^of the vuuaiur. ""	' be correct at the present time the visit- department. There are two cooks for I painted shields of buffalo hide, great
nervously. A few minutes later a after a day of unbroken and un flag- hi capacity, as distinguished fnm ing cards must bo of vei> tin* 1 Lin roasting, two assistant cooks, and two sworiL^antl cWbs %hHe^ «bape weird, shrieking howl, as of some soul giug uproar and activity. The noise weight, the brain ranges fn.ua the U.Ü pasteboard engraved in scnul or black , yeomei1 of the kitchen, with four ap- lb, ir terrifying aspect, each man wore
of a planing mill would have been as ^	^	^ * i ' ^ o ?	\	*' ^elteis*	. prentices, while of scourers and kit- a lac -circlet off black feathers, from
the buzzing of lazy bees in a summer Egyptians The largest tnferage ! A gentleman's card is smaller lhau a Lheû maids, storekeepers, clerk* and which over each car sprouted a large
garden compared with the noise the	human brain is thus represented by a	*ildy and	narrower ln proportion to	messengers there is quite an army.	rtl	the •imieii ance of t he
children had	been making all day	cube- four inch s long and deep and live	its length.	The proper sizes of various Tbe motit interesting member of all	strange	m-n, Mrs. Houghton asked a
The silence fell now. cool and inches high, and the ext urn ¦ ditfvi - cards of correct form are exactly given *hv kitchen staff is perhaps the "neces- Galta servant what tribe they belong-
é a- fe-aÆ, HæbvsS
¦	f-ince Consort uved to take an ! ™^led ^Cr Tnd Hed for b,s Uf™
Terrified by the fearful meaning conveyed in that one word th* poor lady rushed outside, leaving the. comparai live security of the stockade, and ran shrieking down the path toward bn husband, pursued by a number of the savages.
cently died in London
lhest* are the startling facts brought ft mous paleontologist, out by the investigation by the State h id the heaviest brain among great Veterinarian and t be State Live Stock in n of which there is my
cox d; aud yet Cuvier’s bruin, although j yards during last week. Twenty-five it weighed G4 1-2 ounces, or about 12 cows, selected at random from u herd
ent
Cuvier, th
AN EXPLORER'S STORY
motions with a pail and sponge. The inouijk watched him closely, and seemed to understand.
Next morning, armed with a broom, a bucket and a sponge, he opened have just been accurately told by
tbe first cage he came to and quietly Walter H. Bane, an explorer who visit-
sya.TJSüin “,*»:» Sr; i——•* “• -.............................-
but this one happen, d t : belong to a splendid tiger that lay on the floor I Golbanti, the scene of the tragedy, fast asleep. At the noise made by is a station on the Tana River belong-
the man, who stood in a corner dipping ( ^urc“ Mission So< lety.
his big sponge into the bucket. At The account of the massacre as re-
that moment Pezon came out. and suiting from Mr. Bane's investigations was struck dumb by the sight. What lhl, t waH ,u|,pi6mpnte(1 b, de. could	he do to	warn	the	minf A	,	,	.	.	.
sound	might enrage the	great beast. a“8 by	a	t rib	mu	m	named	Mbaji,
So Pezon stood still. The moujik, afterward Mr. Bane's attendant
sponge in hand, coolly approached the witnessed the whole affair from his
tiger	ami made	ready	to	rub him	concealment	in	the	jungle,	and	is	as
down,	i he cold	water	on	its hide	. ...
pleased the tiger, for it began to purr, 1 ° lows: stretched out its paws, rolled over on its back, and offered every part of its body to the treatment of the moujik, who went on	scrubbing	with might | each surrounded	by a borna	or stock*"
and m un. All	the while	Pezon	stood jade some 12 feet in height,	inclosing
there with his	eyes wide	open,	as if aboUt an acre of	ground, the	buildings
nailed to the	spot. When he	had 1
finished his job the Cossack left the
cage as quietly as he entered it. But |and distant from each other perhaps
300 yards. The house nearest the ban-
Itrvng nooses attached to sunken Stakes, distributed in the districts which they are known to frequent,
&n this manner insuring their capture I tooth and hoof, while n
Though it is several years since this terrible affair occurred the details
re- I’omiuisttiou of animals at tbe stock
without injury. These horses usually roam over the country in groups of fifty to a hundred. Each lot of mares
ounces in >re than the average brain, of seventy-eight in a dairy which sends weighed more than 13 ounces less tban two cars of milk to the Chicago mnr-the brain of a deformed and almost ket every day, were found to have
, in the in-
terior of Africa
* led by a stallion, the size of whose ta uni y depends on his age, strength ind courage, his individual qualities teeping his herd together. Over this le maintains the most strict watchfulness. for tl he descries intruders from other herds in his ranks he rushes to the encounter and tries in every way by biting and kicking to drive them off. During the breeding season the males are exceptionally aggrestive, and encounters among themselves, and even attacks on human beings, are of frequent occurrence.
" Kong before reaching this country we had been entertained by numerous narratives of a more or less nebulous character concerning the almost human characteristics, of these animals, in which stories we had placed no more faith than in those usually told by the natives. The head man of
HARD TO STAMP OUT
I
Webs tel
tanks, but that summary action dis-
who
1
SCENE OF THE HORROR
The station consisted of two houses.
store for us
merit in both herds, and with t he satm
t
being at opposite ends of the village
he never did it again
he told such
ASTONISHING TALKS
of the doings of this equine nation that we momentarily expected he would tell of cities, forts and houses but it by them. We were all the more surprised, therefore, when, on the second day, he came to us with the assertion that, if we were still incredulous, he was ready and willing to put proof to the test, as several of his hunters had reported a ntimber of herds in the valley plain to the southward. Accordingly, shortly before nightfall, we rode for some hours, until we had reached
a e-pot whence we could overlook the tariums quietf plain where we were informed the as tonishing wonders of which we had ptlltops been told might be performed.
" About 10 o'clock, as, shivering with
see some
SEEKING QUIET
lltlllop'i know » W livre Mir Would
Ur*
l ike In co 1 III' *niiimer
Ezra." said Mrs. Bill tops
u e h mu
said Mr
Well, 1 guess, Elizabeth
that that depends a good uv
deal on th - sanitarium; tome are quiet t’OLU FAVORS
BRAIN GROWTH

the almost Arctic coldness of the weather, xve were making futile efforts to keep warm, and cursing our stupidity in coming to verify fairy tales we were aroused to action by an ominous stir among our jxjnieb. who were strain- t-hihlr n. The h- u

I
to add to
j
in dire distress, floated through the tur, sounding neoa* at hand and yet far removed
Following the guide, we mounted to a little jutting crag overlooking the broad plain which stretched away for miles from the foot of the broad plateau, and there, indeed, saw a sight which almost beggared description. The broad expanse, lighted t by the new muon, which rendered the surrounding country almost as lum-ous as day, was filled with herds upon herds of horses of every size, color, and description. For several moments we were dumbfounded at a sight so thrilling and awe-inspiring—a vast, surg-
%ing mass of living, breathing animals could smoke my cigar in peace
bus 11 y	engaged in feeding on	the lux-	tranquility; but somehow	the meal	WEIGHTS A l DIFFERENT AG ES,
uriant	grass	of the	valley. Suddenly	that makes me calmly happy	seems to	|L is interesting to note that a new-
upon the night air resounded a blood- fill the children with boisterousness |M>ru infant is much more liberally en-cuidling neigh, as clear as a bugle and to make them noisier than at any (jl>wv(l Wllb brains in proportion to his jail ; and immediately the herd stop- other |*»rt of the day. Am 1 light, Wlqgbl tban n man 0f 40. The inperl feeding, and stood with heads er- Elizabeth? ^	fant's brain is, roughly, one ninth of
ect, as a mighty army at the call of	"You are " said Mrs.	Hilltops,	hut	big ful| Weigbtf while,	in spite of the
its leader. Another prolonged neigh,	I	bear it all day long	. tf	fact that it grows to	five times its
pitched in a somewhat higher key, and	'I know it, Eliza x*th,	1 knew	it,	8jze tbl» ratio to toial weight dwindles
LIKE A WHIRLWIND,	said Mr. Hilltops and I have never umil al 4tH( is only in the proportion
the whole herd belted up the valley, heard you speak of it be fuie. I dont 0f one to forty five. The curious fact as orderly and regularly as the finest see how you can possibly stand it, and mav ..ossibly account fur the intellig-disciplined army, with the three or 1 H look up some good quiet saint a t - enc€ uf	of our children.
four who seemed to be the leaders sym- ium, sure.	; It is a common delusion that the
metrically arranged ahead of the main	And then they settled	down <<n	eitn-	true t**8i of a brain is	(be amount of
body, and flanking and rear detach-	er side of the table to read very	com-	j(g grav matter
ments	|>œted	with	studious	exact-	furtable, both, aud both thankful 111	Wrong, for criminals and idiots are
neee.	1	their hearts foi ihe (hi 1 liren	who had	0ftvn m ,r<* richly endowed with gray
On reaching the head of the plain ; been given to them, and who were now mal^l>r 1 Kmn the cleverest of our clever once more they came to a halt and sleeping quietly.	m n. The convolutions of a brain are
grazing was resumed. Our attention	--------—¦ ¦— »-------- equally misleading, as a test of quality,
had been so drawn in following the	EYES.	for one of the most perfectly convolut-
ac 1 ion of this herd that we had not	ed brains on record was that of Tiburzi
noticed that another fully as large had Sometimes a deaf man give» an as- famous brigand and murderer, come from far down the valley and had swe 1 which makes a wonderfully close installed themselves on the f« eding hit, although tie has totally misumler-grounds just vacated. The scene, in stood the question.
front was now all-engaging ; cold and Is your sons bride a pretty girl?j The microscope has revealed many fatigue were alike forgotten in the asked an old lady of a penurious arid wonders, among others that the com-enthralling interest of the me ment. 1 or | very deaf old gentleman, whose son mon caterpillar has 4,000 muscles in half an hour both herds cropped the j recently married the daughter of a bj8 body, that the drone bee’s eyes each short grass in silence, when a shrill prosperous grocer.	| contain 1,300 mirrors, and that the
No, said the old man. calmly, she large, prominent eyes of the brilliant isn t. but she will be w hen her father dragon flies are each furnished with
28,00(1 polished lenses.
long
grateful, alter the turmoil of the day, but the* reaction had left Mrs. Hilltops
It is optional whether the
a brain weighing about 11 1-2 ounces, prefix "Mi or a smaller allowance of cerebral tissue thin an adult chimpanzee. The human brain reaches its highest dwe-jccl to a little quiet myself now and lupment at the age of 40, remains sta-
1 should like it if we could have tionary for about 10 years aud then
a little limp.
'1 know it, Elizabeth," Mr. Hilltops 1 know it, and 1 wouldn't ub-
ac live interest in this royal kitchen, and there is in it a memorial of him in the shape of a small range, of his designing, for the cooking of game.
The amount of work which must be got through every day In this mammoth kitchen would appal the most zealous housewife.
No fewer than six separate sets of mettle are prepared In it daily, and precedence, In point of time, is given to 11 ft his work and ran toward her, the meal for the servants’ hall. Then meeting her at the moment when one come.» the dinner for the stewards* ; of the Masai overtook her and plunged room, and afterward, in order, the din- Ids spear into her right side. She nets for the household, the ladies in ; staggered round, holding out her arms waiting, the nursery, and lastly the toward h r husband, when another Queen’s table is replenished.	I warrior leaping between them stab-
All these meals are produced and bed her again served with the regularity of clock- nnd grief, Houghton dragged off his work. As each course is prepared it h ' I met and dashed it in the face of a is placed in its proper position on the warrior whoss threatening sp^ar was serving table, to give place, when it within an inch of his own breast, is removed, to the succeeding course Suddenly one of the Masai, thrusting and to succeeding meals.	him backward with his shield stablied
The serving table, which is a mil- him in the left side below the heart, acle of usefulness, is of steel, with bol- an;l I hen, when he stumbled forward low body and legs, and it is kept con- llP°n bis face, finished the work by etantly hot by steam pipes.	sparing him between the shoulder
The. larders from which these kit- 1 lad*s chens are fed are of enormous size and lr victimi m a horn 1 are cut out of the solid rock, thus be- w*'h their spears and swords, and ing both cool and impregnable.	clubbed them all over till their jx*or
There is much less waste in this bodies were battered almost out ol the roya! kitchen, with its mountains of semblance of human! y. meanwhile costly food and its army of employes, dancing their wardince a round them, than in many of the kitchens of the INDISCRIMINATE SLAUGHTER, poor. In many of the royal continent kitchens the surplus food is either s >ld to restaurant keepers or wasted, while many of the costlier wines and dishes are pilfered by the staff and converted into a substantial addition to their
fuli name shall appear, but it is better form that the entire name be engraved
said
or that one of two names preceding a
surname be dropped, rather than use an initial, which is not considered
then .
quiet in the nuuse alter dinner; if 1 begins to shrink until it ultimately
and loses alwut 6 per cent of its weight.
smart.
A married woman's card is engraved with her husband’s full name. A widow may, according to the latest dictates of fashion, retain her husband's name.
Formerly this was considered bad form and even now there is much argument concerning the propriety of call-widow Mrs. John Martin" when
SAW HIS WIFE FALL
H aring his wife’s cries, Houghton
ing a
there is no Mr. John Martin, and she has no legal right to use his name. As a concession to the sentimental side of the question the usage is permitted.
Eldest daughters, after they have passed five and twenty, use cards separate from their mother's.
Eldest single women belonging to the eldest branch of a family may use cards engraved with the simple prefix Miss, as "Miss Brown" or "Miss van Rensselaer."
Frantic with horror
This, again, is
;
Wives of eldest sons of the eldest branch of a family may use the prefix Mrs. only as "Mrs. Spencer," or "Mrs. Churchill." Wives of other branches must have I heir husbands' names upon th ir visiting cards; for example, "Mrs. J mes Brown Spencer" or Mrs. Thomas Gray Churchill."
Addresses are engraved in the right-hand corner and are no longer fashionable, it being agreed that every onç in smart society is too weU known to require an address.
Husbands and wives have separate cards. A single gentleman may put the name and address of his club on his cards if he chooses.
A lady, if admitted to pay a visit What has become of little Tommy may leave her card on tbe hall table; Traddles? That bushy-headed boy with he should not hand it to the servant the wonderful talent for music Î Did but give her name, which id announces taste develop into anything prac- ed. Cards are no longer turned or n, i |	bent at the corners.
Yes, indeed. I saw him in the city a few days ago. He was ringing a big bell in front of an auction store.
T hj Masai th n mutilât d
manner
*
MICROSCOPIC WONDERS
They then dispersed about the village, murdering men, women and children as they found them, and generally acting the part of fiends incarnate. Taken by surprise, very few of the Mission Dallas made a stand — as a matter of fact, the very name of Masai is enough to take the heart out a warrior of another tribe— but such few as did raise their weapons in defense of their worn n or themselves went down like slaughtered sheep.
neigh from the group nearest to us attracted our attention in their direction They had all stopped feeding, j dies and stood restless and fearful as if detecting the approach of some terrible enemy. Suddenly from out the compactly gathered mass sprang a
.in wh after pawing
and meanw hile neighing j borough England, by means of a rope
wages.
The surplus food from the Windsor kitchens goes to feed the poor, and at a fixed hour the kitchen door is besieged by a small army of the very poor, armed with tickets, who carry away with them substantial evidence of the Queen’s charity.
of
ELEVEN DAYS WITHOUT FOOD
II
IT DEVELOPED
A miner casually descended 15 yards into an old flooded mine near Welling-
giganhc * the earth
fiercely, proceeded nt a gallop a full fD if the waters were subsiding.
half mile up th«* valley, stopping ^ver> ^ b-g effort8 to get back were un-fpw hundred feet to repeat hts belli
2o$e neighing
ment9, we now saw that another anima I was galloping down in a similar manner from the other herd, doubtless to gCceot the challenge. The newcomer wan, a magnificent snow-white, and, wit A the clear light of ihe moon shining upon him. he presented a gigantic appear a me w hen contrasted with bis
%
U. S. Grant, Jr., of California, resembles his famous father, not only in
face and in figure, but in voice and in a thousand little mannerisms and traits.
availing, and for 11 days he was entombed. A visitor to the spot hearing a voice lx*low secured the man's
Though provided with wa-
Following his move-
A TASTE FOR THE RIBBONS.
Jimmie, inquired the neighbor boy through the fence your maw’s just joined ? I heard her inkin’ my maw to join, too.1
I don’t know, but from the way she’s m ikin’ me and the servants work, 1 ill ok it must be a drivin’ club.
If men wound you with injuries, meet them with patience; hasty words rankle the wound, soft language dresses it, forgiveness cures it. and oblivion takes away tbe scar. It is more no*ble by silence to avoid an injury than by argument to overcome it. —Beaumont.
/
Bedouin Arabs have stolen the Ho'v Carpet of Mahomet, killing four of the escorts to Mecca.
what club is it
release
ter he had been without food the whole 11 days.
Ingratitude is the abridgement of all baseness ; a fault never found unattended with other viciousmss.
Intellect is the starlight of brain—N. P. Willis.
* hp
Nobility should he elective, not hereditary.—Zimmerman.
i




' • --
###PAGE###3###
3
I * ^ yWjK*








\

;
I
i
-
U

wad a swineherd ; God called him up to wave a sceptre. Ferguson spent his early days in looking after the sheep : God culled him up to look after stars, and be a shepherd watching the flocks of light on the hill sides of heav-¦illogarth begun by engraving jiewter pots ; God raised him to stand in the enchanted realm of a painter. The shoemaker's bench hold Bloomfield for u little while; but God called him to sit in the chair of a philosopher and Christian scholar. The soap-boiler of
Mary, nor
Ferguson spent by liagar in the wilderness, May God | tbirsteth
have mercy upon woman in her toils her struggle#, her hardships, her de
eolation, and may the great heart of I great while, but can't find it." And divine sympathy inclose her forever. I here is some one else who says: "
Again: 1 find in this Oriental scene, believe all you say, but I have been tremendous destinies. You say, “That trudging along in the wilderness, and isn't an unusual scene, a mother lead- can't ing hei child by the hand." Who is it know that she is leading 1 Ishmael, you say.
Who is I sh mac I f A great nation is to lion O, you say,
a	strong that I everywhere.	looked ,,, i
ndoB could not keep his eon in that | It is to si md for thousands of /ears | South, East ,nd \\ v "id I have n,,t | rude play at best and a mild form ol
I." Why, you are
Bertha, nor Agnes, | will never die. "Flo, every one that
come ye to the w itérai'" Ah. here is a man who says: "I have been looking for that fountain
A SERMON TO MOTHERS

?	4 ed and at rained muscles knit up t he II ;
‘'battered strength. She had fsitlkfu
and loving care and bore all her suï fering with the sunny good na'ure tha< Was always here. She is quite herst U again now, hut neither she nor anj »i>ne of that party will ever take part u a locking in or out again.
r+-
;
t

; Young Folks. *
l

L
REV. DR. TALMAGE SPEAKS OF THEIR GRFA1' RESPONSIBILITY.
LOCKED OUT.
?
I
en
Il
i
«nt'iraiiil II** ion I h i «cl lu the Wilder-bpi» Mom# /foplp do Not knew TUelr Pliire In r>le World A Wolhrr m Influence on Mer O Mil for ilood tir Kvll — The l»r. Fe*oelie* *»• Kloqnenl Mention oit mi Immsrifitnl flnlijrrl.
find
the reason? 1
W>u mtvqr look in the right dime 1	'V you say, “I have looked
the fountain/' Do you
will tell you.
How many children have played at locking each other out or in and? laughed and shouted and beat against i the door to open it 1 It is rather a f
THE RETIRED BURGLAR.

îl* RlK't
h Man a Mille Service fiai] It I rented I.Ike a Vim In Keliirn.
business, for God had decided that against the armies of the world. Egypt found the fountain." Why. you ; :~ Hawley warn to be one of I he greatest [and Assyria thunder against It; but not looking in th* right direction at
it pay all. Look up where Hagai looked,
A despatch from V sehdngton
practical joke
safe, and though a locking out seems t he I likely to cause damage only to the
says —
ïtov. Dr. Ta Image preached from the following text :—"And God opened her
No practical joke is
ike thing tint fixed my eye in ihi# room, said the retired burglar, was a travelling hag, not an empty travel*
I

astronomers of England. On the oth- Ui vain. Persia trys to make i
er hand, we may be horn in a sphere	the tax : but ui vain. The Turks and !	She never	would	have	found
a little higher than that for which	Tartars and Mamelukes resolve to sub- |	fountain	at	all,	but	wfoon she heard
God inlands us. We may be i > * » n in I due it; but in v «in a oast is, and play in a «¦<*stiy comer-1 bis army
vatvry, and feed high-bred pointers,	Alexander decides up<»n a campaign, |	supply
and angle for gold-fish in artificial	brin up ins hosts md dies. For i
Morn tig breaks upon Beer-sheha. I l*mds, and lm familiar with princes ; j	long while that nation monopolizes the |	would
eyes, and she saw a well of water ; and ah* went, and filled the I Kittle with
lour it ende I much more seriously than I that in a case 1 knew vf uui many
ling big just lying a round, but a lull bag, evidently just picked and all ready to pick up and carry off; and when 1 swept my limp along a little
UauluH brings up J (he voice of the angel she looked and his army is smitten
nnd saw the finger pointing to the . And O. Foul, if to-day, with
Inte rise
water, and gave the lad drink.M—Gen xxi. 19
months ago.
It was a little house party in (h
one earnest
prayer you
the house of | %%%%%.	I Uon'Tthe ZlTtho^founZ ki ^"he	t/:"'',!:	'""'"o'"	‘'lulV^L'', “ "'"'"g ' gMMMllËWlNÊÊÊIII
or a weaver's shuttle, or a blacksmith's	| l.shm iel, the lad that Hagar led into aii yH em|s ot t^H <»arti1 and be vs	K^een lawns made	the place inviting ! the lamp round just a little bit further
among the dom,'8tioe. Uigur, anna-	forge. The great thing ia to find just	th. wild,, mean .She had no idea ahe saved; £uf I am God and there ia none	by day, and long	verandas and any	still I struck . lied with a mis
......... a;ns*ASS'23	«rîtx *$5.,r.-»rnft5v,—— * «'•«"¦«*	—**-..............
,	occupy it forever. Here is a m:m God	along the street, and see pass boys and | desert of bereaveuont Looking	ful' ufleu uflwr	dinner the young	lie w is ell ready to go, and just wait-
impudent and insolent, an fashioned to make a plough. There is girl* who will yet make the earth over the audience this morning l	danced to the music of a mg for the hour, ind he'd laid down
5^5:==
I hi > aie packing up now. z ra vided he makes plough ne well as the foot cornea upon a piece of gl.uss un i fuun,t consolation? Hearse after teens» they romped through the rooms
1™' M >urmi- sss. zss wt	W™!; ;ins	jssss	—*>« -	- as,o,k-1 E — •*-	•• - a ¦¦
...-	.... _	w53H='—
rant you there would have been ago ^ ^ gaved 1( wrale of th(iae hghi upon tho Word of God such as draw wafer fmm ihi, will If " ,',
, u « - - « -	fiSSSSS EjHè*“7fr ~
wm&êàmm mmm.... - - -. - mgm
to lie mistress. Ha gar kee|M crowding I morning leaps thirty years ahead and	nne	fully uud wuh tittle disturbance.	j t un • son of swinging uiv lamp round
rr-	xsstsxxsrs:-i
long, lingering look on the familial |ia|anoc_w|M!e| an(i the sparrow with1 take# at ship to Madras. He is mighty 11 frttly. I pull away again at started, in for a farewell romp
place where she had spent su	many ! chagrin, drupe into the brook, because	in ah the money markets of the world.	,ie Tope, and another bucket comes	ut>L lhink lt wua dny galilb that they	up. un tup of the bureau, and when I
havpy dU,a- «"* weue ebeucUlted Wl,h 1 un^Thè sun 'in ^ L»rd“î nrmfwc	.We° “ouin tte TabernàcIe^M^mind	-ay endure for Tnight, but^y	were playing, but merely chasing each	c me to look n this 1 saw it was a
all warn to be brigadier generals!	l*aps thirty years forward from this	Someth in the morning.1' I lay hold	other about the rooms m the buoyant	telegraph blank. It was a un
Tlv- sloop says, "More	mast; more	time, and 1 find myself in a relief ns-	°\ the rope	again, and I pull	away	happiness of their youth. Helen, as	th it tins in ui hid received and	put
tonnage; more canvas.	O, that I	sooiation. A great 'multitude of	^ 1 ^	the bucket	lLsuai| ted the chase, and flitted heie !	down there on the bureau. It	said
sir is stifling, and moves across the were a topsail schooner, or a full-rig- Christian wimen have met together	», fi . t.	. beau afu and
desert wuh	-uffucatiun.
Itihinael, the boy,	begins	to complain,	COQ^^ because we are not willing to	have the confidence of all the others,	hiavy laden,	and I will	give you	rest."	hotly pursued by a large buy who	want to come by the first train
and lies down,	but llagar	rouses him	stay in the place where	God put us	aûd they all look up 10 her for her ^ y d astrologers	used to	cheat	stumbled clumsily over the chairs and	"Well, now, 1 imagine he must	ha>e
-	T	zr&A&s:ira«aur &rar,-::e,e	.-*>,» ¦... **»*
weariness or the sweltering heat ; for ( ™ ^ ^°U yor the lack of a right Ln the Sabbath school, while the stars what would occur in the future, j door and, closing it swiftly behind her, about midnighi, and he'd p.,ck, mothers cun endure anything irudge	in this it spect the world teacher tells her of that Christ who and “ a cluster of stars stow! in one lucked it just us the big buy tell hag and g >t all reuuy to start and bud
—trudge—trudge. Crossing the dead- js strewn with wandering Hagars clothed the naked ami fed the hungry ^	^	^ 8 iyy°IJ^e9y shouting against it. Then the crowd hour or two to spare, and so he'd
levol ut tUe desert, how wearUy aud . and Ishmivls.^ God^has pwft «ch (“rward* tWrly years fmm now! and''l another’ relation, that “ would'"be‘a tt^Uhered around and laughed and call- #», bis alarm oiocjt and laid down lo
scuttle of coal up that dark alle>. You	Had myself in an African jungle, and	prophecy of good. What superstition 1	ed to her and pummelled on the door,	wait. You know 1 dun i think he
that, seemed hours ago to stand	only jjg, ribute that Christian tract You	there ls a missionary of the Cross ad-	>ut he re is a new asi rology in which	and presently lied it fast from their	should hive laid down uid taken any
vellers to come under its. shadow, now (/hilsiiun sul misson Whatever God Wh« is he ? Did you not he-ar his voice phecy in regard to those who put dune and threatened gayly to keep her	was how.
Is as far off as ever, or seemingly so. calu lU 'to do wtK.ther it win hhsing j thm morning in t he first song of the	trust in God ; " AH things work	all ulghL| lv which she laughing- I ‘J-	have kicked over u chair or
they bave luat Lbeik- way. iNo Path a lesson of sympalhy with woman [	She never knew that Limp- theology; but he waved his hand, as At 'ast they went back to the door	* ~U’ dnd ul> ^	ve,jr
«SH £ssss éh:
WmMm siigsfeSs-feg~seeil
out on a cloud and looks down	up<>n (with laughter and song, Books to read. £ ®arn one mt ? .	•	,	lL> lhat. As Xiceioy, Loid t uizon	of	the tall Udj's, and we rushed out	in a
the appalling grief, and cries,	Ha-	Pictures to look at. Lounges to rest	Orient ia. scene,, am ha	,	,, y	Kedleston will receive 85C0,0 0—that	is	body, white and terrified
tie for the lad. Thank God! thank ^he foot whose well-known steps on I he^ cj,lild uSrying'	,,	w‘,e, dition to this he baa a very cons id-1 hurt !
God!	...	. the door-sill brought the whole house- water! ' An/ she says, my ar* arable allowance for ex|>enses ; but it Look out ; you'll fall in !"
I learn from this Oriental scene, in I hold out at eventide, crying, "Father's ‘ng ltiert	18 8^id that he w ill have to husband We halted just in time. At our
the first place, what a sud thing it is	coming," will never sound on the door-	desert. And then- Uoa s	ung	' (j	this allowance carefully to make as	feet was a yawning black hole—the
when people do not know their place,	sill again. A long, deep grief ploughf-	1 rom 1 ,	,	,	ai.® 1	- '	showy a regime an he very wisely in-	open doors of a deep cellar,	From
and yet too proud for their business, ed through all that lightness of do- And she looked up anr siw nm pon - . tends to have. His gorgeous body this came the boy's excited voice, and Hagar was an assistant in that house-	m gtic life. Paradise lost! Widow-	*n8 1° a w®,	, wa(er,‘	''I, 8	e. !	'	guard of 120 men, in the garb of per-	faint moans which we knew	to be
hold, but she wanted to rule there,	hoed. Hagar in the wilderness! I	cd the bottle for the lad.	H essei >e	sonified rainbows, is cured for out of I	Helen's. In an instant
She ridiculed and jeered, until her eon, How often it is we see the weak arm (*t)d	f here is in eveiy \\ i < cincss t^e J udiuo treasury, and this is the alized what had happened. The poor
[shmael, got the same tricks. She dash- of woman conscripted for this battle a we*L l£ Y°u -v kr| \\ ll,1,xv ,(/. 1111 case with the retinues of servants w ho gir? had climbed over the bicycles ad out her own happineee and threw I with the rough world. Who is she	| it—fountains fur a.l these tmrsty	mani aIK| woman, each of his palaces.	and	out the window	to escape,	ln
Sarah into a great fret ; and if she going down the street in the early	souls * his morning. On that last_  the	darkness she	had	been unable	to
had stayed much longer in that house- light of the morning, pale with ex- da/» 0,1 that great day of the feast,	*	"*	see the open cellar just beneath the
hold, she would have upset calm Abra-	hausting work, not half slept out	Jeaus stood and cried:	If	any man	GREWSOME DINNER PARTY.	window, and had forgotten that it	was
ham's equilibrium. My friends,	one-	with the slumbers of last night	thirst, let him come tome and drink.	there. She had fallen fully ten	feet
half the trouble in the world to-day tragedies, of suffering written all I A11 these other fountains you find are A fevN weeka 8,nce a gentleman liv- to the stone steps and floor below. The jomes from the fact that people do over her face, her lustreless eyes look-	mere mirages of the desert. Paracel-	mg in one of	the most fashion tble thor-	tali	boy, turning	the	corner, heard
not know their place ; or, finding their jng far ahead as though for the com-'	CU8> you know, spent his time in trying	oughfares of	London died from cancer,	her	moans and	groped his way	to
place will not stay in it. When we ing 0f some other trouble? Her parents to *ind out th® elixir. of life—a liquid	months previous to his death hn where she was lying half unconscious,
come into the world there ie always a	called her Mary, or Bertha, or Agnes	which, if taken,	would keep one	per-	t,‘ve monttla previous to si. death he	TheQ fae had 8Creamed for as8i8tance.
place ready for ua. A place for Abra-	on the day when they held her up to	petually young	in this world,	and	g'^e a dinner puit.y to 10 gentlemen.	We bore the bruised and broken body
ham. A place for Surah. A place for	the font, and	the Christian minister	would change the aged back again	vvhose days, from the same disease,	to her bed, and a doctor came as soon
Hagar. A place for Dabmael. A place	sprinkled on	the infant's face the	to youth. Of course he was disap-	w'ere numbered. Ere breaking up the	as swift horses could bring him. You
for yon and a place for me. Our first	washings of a holy baptism. HMr	pointed; he found not the elixir.	But	guests agreed to meet once i month	may guess what a voice of gratitude
duty is to find our sphere; our sec-	name is changed now. I hear it in the	h<*ro £ tel£ ydu	this morning of	the	at one ano* her s b.ouees, so long as their	went up when he told us that she was
ond is to keep it. We may be born	shuffle of the	worn-out shoes. I see	elixir of everlasting life bursting from	health should permit, ihe laet ga' h-	not fatally injured, and that in time
In a sphere far off from the one for	it in the figure of the faded calico. I	the "Rock of Ages' and that drinking	ermg was held >u rn*‘ -i*r of hist	she would regain health and strength,
which God finally intends ns. Sextus find It In the lineaments of the that water you shall never get old. month, when only four of * he original This she did, but it was a weary srait-V.. war om tbs low ground, and | woe-hegone couni nance. Nut and you will never be ick, and you diners sat down to 'lie t >1*.	ug for her while broken bones mend-

Z
It
«2,.,'in early stir in
There has been trouble
• eu
Broad
w it h
man's hai on it, and sweeping
id I A hrn ha in
A
i brisk lad of sixteen years, have be-
o rn
/
f
laps
flow he expected to know about
iiis servant and her son will be very
We They were a happy lot and it did me alarm clock that stood on th
ill of
long nnd across desolate places, in the
i window near the bead of the bed. I One of the girls, Helen Clark, seem- j picked that up and looked at it and
She j saw that it was set to go off at i
It was th n about a quarter
water tu it
clock
Her hair past 2
Whether the alarm had gone
was sunny and her figure slender and off and failed to wake him
up, or
Uod be with you 1” said old
way
Abraham, as he give the lunch to Hagar, and a good many charges as to
mmute while 1 was standing there, or suer with such ease and swiftness that whether it w >s busted up and wool .n t 1 always wanted to rechristen her Sun- 1 go off at all beam
was sow.‘thing that of but ihat inter-
how she should conduct the journey, ishmael, the boy, 1 suppose bounded away in the warning light. I Hoys always Urn a change. Coor lshmael 1 H has no idea of the disasters that
Sport that for others seemed course 1 couldn't tell
No ested me very much
1 stood there at the sa me
t
i
was
nd of it, kind o' l ent
1 do lying with on
the pride and joy of her heart, young lshmael.
tge

The
The scorching noon comes on


and there, eluding her pursuers like a s« iu..-ihiug like this will-o’-the-wisp

'if you wmt tu see Mary alive you
Finally, when too


slowly the mUes slip. A tamarind
Ü
1
You see the room thrown a rock against the Window
blinds; but this might not h>ve wuke him up, and there wasn't any time to spire. You see. 1 kuew the train
By and by the young folks whisper- hid been in Uns town on business beet! a word to each other and went back to the piano and began singing was to let Helen know that she was
abandoned to her fate and that she j and something more than a mile to
But Helen the station. So l just leans over and
1
ii
fore, and 1 had taken it myself. It left at 2.18, and It was now about 2.20
This
sh ikes him on the shoulder, and when
he turns his he ul I blinds him for a minute with the light, and 1 says to him :
I
"'Old man, it's about time for you to be getting up.'
" ‘What toil - is it (' he says covering

self
"And 1 walked down to the station with him, neither of us saying boo. "He got into the smoking oar when
"And then he shakes h in Is with mo again and passes an ; he never offered to stake me, nor nothing; and I liked that best of all."
PINS DISAPPEAR.
What becomes of pins? This common household conundrum his at last been solved by an old gentleman in London. By a series of experiments conducted in his back garden, he has
discovered that pins go the way of all flesh, and are resolved into dust. Hairpins, which he watched for 154 days, disappeared at the end of that time, having been resolved into a ferrous oxide, a brownish rust, which was blown away by the wind. Bright pins took (nearly 18 months to disappear; polished steel needles nearly two years and a half; brass pins had but little endurance; steel pins at the end of 15 months had nearly gone, while their wooden holders were still intact.
As we
»
Helen's
Somebody run for a doctor 1
we • re-
41
MINERAL WOOL
This material being fire, frost and vermin proof is now being very largely used as a non-conductor of heat, cold and sound in cold storage, public bull L ings private residences, etc., also for covering steam, hot water, hot air, and cold water pi Mineral Wool an Toronto, will be pleased to e*nd descriptive pamphlet If you are interested

The Eureka Asbestos Co..
r




_
###PAGE###4###
I
That dry old journal the Montreal Gazette remarks : —
Valuable Property OP$Ulg*e
Quyon.
THE EQUITY.
POR
Stylish
Well-finished
Substantial
Good-fitting
Long-wearing
The Distilling Company of America
n
elebration
is the newest U. S. trust to be formally set afloat. It expects Americana to use enough of its products to enable it to pay dividends on $126,000,000 of capital It looks as if the purchasers of its stock The British Government is to make j would get more water than whiskey, another loan of twenty million dollars for the purposes of defense, at home and abroad.
S
SHAWVILLE, JUNE 29, 1899.
E.
u
OH ONE STORE TO LET. On the property le a building containing two etoree, and another building now occupied a* a millinery «tore and dwelling, the other store la need as poet office and printing office. The building Im three etorteshtgh ; upne room*, next flat eight rooms. Fine cellar
(food Investment for any-Appiy to
DH. 8TAVKHOAE,
Laohute, Que
¦
at
EDITORIAL NOTES.
u
# $ e
#e e
CAMPBELL’S BAY,
Wednesdey July 12, '99,
" It Pays to Buy the Best Goods.”
r Mtt nine
and good furnace person
I
Especially whan they can when they can be purchased at our prices. . . .
Hon. Thon. Green way, premier of Manitoba, is in Ottawa again to make an- -------
McQueeton, recently returned from I °ther attempt to lay hands on the Mani	f
Manila, saya it will take 100,000 or 130,. tolia school funds ; but is not much more r ¦ UI ¦
000 troops to quell the disturbances in ^vly to succeed than he was last year, j	J
the Philippines and hold the Islands for whvn the Commons passed an act to ad
the United States.	| vance the province $300,000 out of the COnfCCtlOnCry !
school fund and the Senate threw out the
The crops on the whole throughout I bill. The Senate then maintained that
Pontiac, are looking well, the hay crop I the Government had not the power to
being exceptionally good. Lauda however, alienate the school fund, which was a
where drainage is imperfect,have suffered a | trust created for educational purposes in
good deal from over-wet weather
under the auspices
Dr
T
L. O. L. No. 1300.
Our stock of the following Goods is of superior quality :
Scythes,
Snaiths,
Forks,
Rakes
Machine and Castor Oils,
Palis Green,
Scythe Stones.
It is expected that all the Orange Lodges in the county and two from Hard ley will take part in the celebration.
Several rev. gentlemen and others have been Invited to address the meeting.
S
In the above lines we have a very choice stock. Our prices are low*, and goods that class.
T
Ice Cream !
leave your order
with
Meals ami refreshments will be served
If you wish to indulge in a glass | on the grounds of refreshing ice cream, call at our parlor and get thoroughly tied
Manitoba, the interest at 5 per cent, on all sales of school lands, to he |>aid over There passed through the Suez canal I by the Dominion to the Manitoba Gov-last year 3,503 vessels. Of these 2,295 eminent. The fund has now already were English, while Germany was second reached the half million mark, and Mr. with 350. No fact conld speak more sig- Green way wants the whole of it and the nificantly of British supremacy of the ! transfer to the province of unsold school I SIIAXY V I IjL 1% " QUK» seas.—-Toronto Globe.	I lands. The Senate is not likely to let any
such bill pass until after the next local The Scot Act was repealed in the I election in Manitoba. If Mr. Green way County of Brome last Wednesday by a should be again sustained then the Sen-majority of 526 against the Act
the prohibition plebiscite was held last I which the Dominion Government is pay September, prohibition carried by about j iug five per cent, interest on, while it
borrow all it wants at 2 1-2 per cent.
Mr. Green way is also in Ottawa for an Jonn Charlton, M. P., is of opinion luthcr purpose, that of asking the Govcrn-that the Ontario timber regulations are mvnt to enlarge the pow ers of the pro-en act of treachery to the Michigan lum« vince with respect to the restriction of bermen, and John Charltons writing and the liquor t rathe. Mr. Green way has
talking to the American press against promised the prohibitionists of Manitoba these timber regulations is an act of | that he will pass a restrictive measure at
treachery to the Canadian people.
e e
* #
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES.
A special Train has been arranged for to leave Aylmer at 8 o'clock in the morning, and reduced rates have been procured from all points along the I*. P. J. Railway. See posters for full particulars.
David Gambi.k,
\V. M
satis
Chas. Frame,
D. WILSON,
i
Opposite Pontiac House,
The People’s Tailor, Maiq St. (opposite Bank) Shawville.
Arch. McFaiu.lank,
Sec)
t
For the
School Taxes.
Spring Trade.
Pontiac
Woollen
Those of the Ratepayers who are still indebted for their school taxes are hereby notified that a list of defaulters is being made out and will be handed over for collection as the law directs.
When ate may bo inclined to alienate the fund,
can
H. LANG,
See. Treasurer. Municipality of Shaw ville, June 19t h, 1898.
SAMPLES OF ALL KINDS OF
the same majority.

We keep Goods that

NOTICE.
THE
LATEST
IMl'ROVEI)

i
II
1
Notice is hereby given that the partnership subsisting between Edward llodgins, William Alexander Hodgins and Selisley Ktlward Hodgins, was on the thirteenth day of June, one thousand eight hundred anil ninety nine dissolved so far as relates to the said Selisley E. Hodgins. All debts due to the said partnership are to Ik‘ paid and those due from the same discharged, at the store of the late firm in Shaw ville, w here the business will Ik* continued under the linn of K. Hodgins & Son.
We can Recommend.
now on hand for inspection.
Make it a point to leave your order early
Mills
the present sitting of the local Legislature and he says that if the Dominion Par
o
Notwithstanding that an act has been placed in the statutes of this country prohibiting the dumping of sawdust into navigable streams, it was stated in Parliament the other day that the nuisance complained of is as bad if not worse in the Ottawa river at Ottawa this year than ever before.
linmvnt will enlarge the powers of the local Legislature with respect to the liquor trattie, he w ill pass a prohibitory measure at once.
ALSO A STOCK 01
o
SPECIAL FOR
Expresses,
EDWARD HODGINS & SON. | THE DERRY Shaw ville, June 13th, 1899
Waggons,
The only Establishment of its kind in the County.
SEASON
• •
++ ?
and Carts
Gem Jars and Granulated Sugars.
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
A CABINET FORMED
J
and a carload of
France is No Longer Without
A Ministry.
CARRIAGES
The undersigned offers for sale his deproperty situated on Main street, il le. opposite theBank. For terms and particulars apply to
sirahle Shaw v
Dr. Bet him v, M. P., the latest Maritime Province bolter to the government side, gave as one reason that the Liberal policy was almost the same as the old

n,,2 BUGGIES
E. HODGINS & SON.
Paris, June 23.- Lite yesterday afternoon the announcement was made that Senator Wnlduck-R<issvau had completed
the formation of a Cabinet, with the ex-( onservative policy. 1 luis he explains ception of the portfolio of public works.
that there was no principle for his change The senator, accompanied by the new
except the principle of the loaves ami cabinet ministers, proceeded to the Ely-
fishes.-Ottawa Citizen.	I 1>alrtce ¦* ,l11,0 P-.	*° *SeTent J,'is
colleagues to President Loubet. The
-	I new cabinet of France as organized, is as I "
The annual report of the Minister of follows :	Senator Waldeck-Uossoau.pres- | Tho Celebrated • • •
Justice was presented in Parliament last ident of the council of ministers and min
Wednesday. The average daily prison i*ter of the interior ; M Delcasse, min-
population for the past year was 1.41o quia de GaUifet, minister of war ; M. De as against 1,353, for the previous year, lanessan, minister of marine ; M. Mobs,
There were 53 pardons, as against 50, in minister of justice ; M. Caillaux, minis-1897, and 8 deaths, as against 10 in the terof tin,mcv : M Miilerand, minister of
»-• T-..
were two, the same as in 181b . In re the colonies ; M. Jean Dupuy minister of
SILAS YOUNG. Parknmn I*. O.
CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc,

\
expected daily.

*
FOR SALE
A. SMILEY
5
ure bred Shorthorn bull calf, six I, color, dark red with a few small Price $25.00. a pply to D. H. CAMPBELL. Maple Ridge, Que.
One pu weeks old white spots

<^-Shawville.
5
t «
Valuable Property
NORTH WEST

DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
SHAWVILLE.
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
Valuable Farm Property for sale, being the . E. Half of the N. E. Half of Lot No. 7 on the Fourth Range of Clarendon, containing fifty acres, more or less, all cleared, In an excellent state ofcultlvatlon and well watered.
On the premises are erected a dwelling house, stables, sheds and other out buildings.
For further particulars apply to
__________REV. E.S. MORRISON,
Hudson, P. Q.,
S
Planing,
Matching Dressing
Always In Stock a large and well assorted Range
of
# e e
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient.
Therefore we need not dwell on
ï* I Fifty Settle» Wanted.
class article should call and see rpoTAKEupon or before Aug. 1st, 50 Irrl-them before purchasing any other A gated farms in the vlcln ty of Lethbridge kind. It will be to your interest	K
to ÜO so.	I plication. A great opportunity. For par-
ticulars, apply to
REV. CHAS. McKILLOP,
Renfrew, Ont
gard to the increase in prison population | Agriculture the report says
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds,
Flannels,
Prints, &c.
These Goods are from the best Scotch, English and Canadian manufactories.
The cabinet was completed by the acceptance of the portfolio of public Works
by M. Pierre Baudin.
or H.MATHESON
Skawville, Que
“ The increase is not alarming in view of the natural increase in population; the drift of population to the cities, where the
I masonic grand lodge of
Scient than in rural districts; the increased efficiency which are afforded by the •expansion of the telegraphic, telephonic and railway system.”
and
MANITOBA.
The twenty fourth annual communica tion of the Grand Lodge of Manitoba, A. , A	_
F. and A. M., was belli at Regina on the QtllOX1 StVlSS. fourteenth and fifteenth of June, the
Grand Master Sheriff G. B. Murphy, of	We have several other styles of Stoves
Moosomin, presiding.	on hand, so that we are in a posi-
After the opening ceremonies had been	tion to satisfy intending pur-
performed and the address of the Grand	chasers with anything
structed the reciprocity delegates to pro-1 Master had been read, an address of the |	they may require,
coed from Washington to Ottawa to con- Jrjty t ouncil was presented by the acting
fer with the government here on the " Ro%fïml»^hc	of the
question of annexation to the Dominion. Grand Lodge were entertained at an 61 At
It is reported that the reciprocity negotia- Home,*’ at Government House by the | P. S.—Lowest Prices.
Hons with Washington have fallen | Lieut.-Governor of the North West Ter-
«hro-sh...I*.	«ill ,,, ,W|Sr£32l£ttSVTSr’S
alternative. 1 his is good news, if true, Wascana Lodge and the N. W. M. P. and it is to be hoped that the Canadian | Lodge, government will he able to formulate a scheme for the federation of all British
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
WANTED
An important despatch has been received from Kingston Jamaica, to the effect that Hon. Jos. Chrmberlain has in-

A shrewd, careful young man, of good character, in each township of Canada. Good wages ; business experience not essential.
BRADLEY GARRETSOX CO., LTD.,
Brantford, Out.
all demands supplied for
V
/'
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
WM. BARBER
R. J. BLACK, AGENT,
J. G. ELLIOTT
Farm and Stock for Sale.
They have been selected with a view to supplying people with the class of goods they require, and they have been marked at prices that must sell them when examined.
I offer for sale the North East quarter of on the 5th range of Clarendon, containing about €0 acres, Soli, clay and loam, and In excellent condition. There are
Lot No
•,
( July 1st, 1899.
Celebration
.	at Shawvllle. I about 50 acres cleared, 40 of which are
' Look for Program. | stumped and In good state of cultivation.
The premises are well watered, a creek running through it:
There are erected on It a frame house and kitchen, veneered, also wood shed, 2 barns and other outbuildings. The property 1§ beside the Lilly Cheese factory and Joins the
Secretary, Winnipeg; John McKenzie, I Foreign Settlers Said to be Grant-1 ^^r^e foMownu^stock are offered for sale:
»b 121 " "T "i8hl- - L?: JtSiS S2h2SK JSSf $S£s£ I	E I
EngUah	-. to	,h.
in the interests of the Syndicate, which I Master elect the installation ceremonies Galician», have been getting lands and was formed on May last in London. They were not completed, and an emergent certain other privileges which have been are now making the necessary arrange-1 meeting of the Grand Lodge will be held refused Canadian settlers. The Minister
this summer in Winnipeg, for the pur- of the Interior says that if such is the pose of completing the installation, t n- case it is contradictory to his orders, til such meeting is held Sheriff Murphy The department l.aa no knowledge of any will continue in the office of Grand Mas- case of the kind, but Mr. Sifton has de
[cided to send Mr. Turiff to investigate the matter. When in the west Mr. Turiff will look over the Galician settlement at Edmonton.
DOMINION DAY
On Wednesday the election of officers was held. Among the officers elected
John Leslie, Grand Master,
A. HODGINS
were
Winnipeg; Dr. Thornton, Deputy Grand I CHARGE OF FAVOURITISM Master, Dvlorain; W. G. Scott, Grand	___
possessions in North America.—Ottawa Citizen.
Mrtoi & Grali
j
PROPRIETOR.
Go to
\
DALE BROS.
SIDEBOARDS,
PARLOR SUITS BEDROOM SUITS, COUCHES, LOUNGES, EXTENSION TABLES, SIDEBOARDS, DININGROOM CHAIRS, FANCY ROCKERS, BABY CARRIAGES,
[With rubber tire wheels]
An Earthquake

{
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Tinware, Stoves,
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing
mente to send an engineer to survey the summit level at Trout Lake, which is about 4 miles east of Lake Nipissing.
We understand the Government are I ter
r
quite willing to do its part, the moment the question of sufficient water at summit level is satisfactorily established, and the cost of the work upon the basis of the new | Britain Must Bring Matters to an surveys is arrived at. Stops are nowbeing taken to have the surveys commenced and completed within the next two months. When this shall have been
The Farmer
AT A SERIOUS STAGE
will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes.
GO CARTS,
EXPRESS WAGONS, SHOO FLY ROCKERS, MATTRESSES,
CAMP STOOLS.
LEPERS WERE BURNED.
Issue in the Transvaal.
9S
»
London, June 23.—A despatch fmm Fire at Darcy Island Lazaretto,
'	Results in loss of life.
Jobbing and Repairing
i: The Busbies is at a stand
done there is every reason to believe that I still and the general feeling is that Eng
Cape Town to the < >ut)ock, says tension is extreme. T" _	_ J______
The Housewife
Victoria, B. C., June 24.—Word reach-
the Government of Canada will guarantee I land must bring matters promptly ^to an I	a bT L i t h " luis of* life
of twenty millions of dollars at 2$ per Alfred MiînTtis attitude9 Thedlsïro W	went on a steamer to investi-
cent., to run for 20 years,	or until	the	I to refrain from embarassing the Itn-	R® found that tbe tire occurred at
revenue of the canal will be	sufficient to	perial authorities. The Orange govern-	1"** a* 111 • » on June 15th, and was caused
Conclusion,
, posais are useless without the granting of	*rv	completely destroyed. I he nine
On the whole the position	of this	im-	twelve seats in the mining centres and the	ot'ier	cabins were not damaged, and m
ment cannot with any degree of mtelli- ce;8ions the Johannesbergs say they pre- of two luI>ere who had l,een burned’ and ülLiJXO XU U£lU	| As usual this Branch of our business is
gence refuse what is asked to make the , f6r a treaty providing security and Judi- udleP *be doctor arrived the wuunds of	1	> /q	! equipped with all necessary supplies inopening of this gnat canal a certainty. ' rial and educational reforms,	the injured were dressed.	'	5t&riC6 S UOMlGrS. eluding the beet embalming appliances.
Will also be pleased to learn that
our stock of groceries and household I We have everything in the
r$S“	"f House Furnishings.
ïZSffl*1"	I OFFICE AND SHOW R00MS-
A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING,
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
ma
an
Next Door to Donaldson's Jewellery Store
ment will cease
XelB St., - - Shawrille.
DALE BROS.
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Highest Prices paid for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
store.
UNDERTAKING
P. s.
#
K
M

L
61
###PAGE###5###
—
r—¦
l '
B
I

Mootiesl Liberals have started a ition to raise 1100,000 for Sir
___	_» Laurier. Conservatives raised that
\ Meets the 4th Wednoa- amount for Sir John McDonald, who like I day of every month. Laurier, had no private means. The
} Court dues must be paid Laurier committee are : President, R. f promptly every month. Prefontaine; Mayor of Montreal; treai-
Visltlnsr brethren cor- urer, Robert McKay; L. O. David, Hon. dlaTly invited. a. J. Blair, Hon. Dr. Borden, J. Suther-
H. 8. Baknett, K.B land, M. P., R. Dandurand, and Law
rence Wilson.
= As soon as Lord Strathcona and Mount Royal heard that the committee ha l organized he wrote warmly endorsing the project and eulogizing Sir Wilfrid Lau rier, and he concluded by offering his check for ten, fifteen or twenty thousand dollars, and more if necessary.
Court Shawville,
k	218. frid
THE EQUITY,
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
pro-
WiU
LOT
a
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT BH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher
M
Sljawville’s Busiest
STORE.
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
J. A. COWAN, R B
H (/un Hobbs, C. R.
o:
< ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising, eight conta per line for fl rat Insertion and four cents per Une for
each subsequent Insertion.	, A , ,	,.	¦ i 4 .	. AL • ••
Bunkoes* cards not exceeding one Inch In- UGlBbr&tlOn July 1st 81 uhâWVlIlG. sorted at #4.00 per year.	1
Local announcements Inserted at the rat e
6n " I Mr. Robert Del.bey. a well-known .nd
Commercial advertising by the month or W'7	/eilde1"t. of Cobden'
1 for Longer periods Inserted at low rates, | died on Friday last, aged 73 years whlcVh will he given on application.
Advertisements received without lnstruo-. .	, w	.	.
tloiun accompanying them will be Inserted street boy, 1) years old, was drowned in untl/l forbidden and charged for accprdlngly, the Rjdeau River on Thursday last.
* "Bina, marriage and death notices published free 01 charge. n>>ituary poetry three emits per line.
DISTRICT NEWS.
'¦V'
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, I respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
J. O. McGUIRE.
Y es, or
Magistrate O'Gara Dead.
Martin O'Gara, Q. C., for many y
past police magistrate for the city of
taws, died at his residence, Ottawa East,
on Sunday last, after a brief illness from
Four little girls were drowned in Sum- | paralysis. He was (j2 years of age.
merside, P. E. Island, on Thursday, by
JOB PRINTING.	I being overtaken by the tide, while they
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and | were plaj'ng on the seashore cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
m
Michael James Laughren, a Dalhouaie
ears
No
ot
I
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER

But be quick, please.
This is just one of those Business Flashes that shine out and are gone.
k
and
Killed on Canal
JEWELLER
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OF
WATCH 88,
CLOCKS.
JKWKLLKR7,
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
Cardinal, Ont. Juno 23.—Yesterday about 10.30 Fred Matthews, a steam
A telegram was received in Renfrew
lidorT°.okn "! *‘M r.'ohn rSni kt h,^\tamierj I dnI1,'r’ emPloyuli b* MusHr«' .Dav“..* •u killed in a mine in British Columbia 8on"- ¦ contr!*ofc?r8- »»» instantly kriled on Monday, June 12th.	on thelr w,,r*H. horu "n the canal. The
man was working in the cut, whenapass-Mr. M. Hingrose, publisher of the de I ing engine caught a rope supporting the funct Douglas Advocate, and who recently derrick, which had in some manner got purchased the Buckingham Poet, ham lowered, causing huge pieces of timber to also abandoned hie latest venture.	I fall, one stick striking him on the head,
crushing his skull and death being instantaneous.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
V
C!
Business Cards.
%
Rbuaimno—
a Hi-kciality
On the 3rd day of July
MEDICAL.
SHAWVILLE, Q.
Mr. J. W. Tierney, of Arnprior, has
been appointed by the Ontario Govern-, ACi	,	.	-
mont, Clerk of the Fourth Division Court !?nn> 40 yearM of a8e- wlthout anJ fam
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
Deceased was a married

our doors will swing open to the returning footsteps of our many customers, when we will inaugurate
?
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trtuity University, Toronto ; Graduate | of the County of Renfrew of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
Ornoc and Residence : J. If Armstrongs House,
MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE.
il y
ESTABLISHED 1886.
I
Mrs. George B. Barrow, who kidnapped haby Marion Brown some time ago, and has since been arrested, was sentenced last week to twelve years and eleven -1 months imprisonment.
Dog Died of Grief.
The Shawville
1
The most extraordinary case of canine sagacity which has ever taken place in this section, occurred a few days ago.
The will of the late Andrew McCor-1 ^ the L’Orignal Advocate. As Mrs. mick, of Ottawa, has been admitted to Neve and family were preparing to leave probate in the Surrogate Court. The Mor Winnipeg m the course of a week or 1 estate, valued at $3,500, goes to Margar- two, and the family of course scattered I et McCormick, widow of deceased.	| *mong neighbors in the course of packing
household effects, their faithful dog, Bar Mr. Charles Devlin, of Pembroke, has I ney, seemed to understand, by instinct, invented a self acting and simple fire- that he was about to be left homeless, escape which is claimed to be able to and for a time kept wandering about the carry people safely down to the ground j town seeking out the different members from the top of the highest building
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
A Great
IV|id-$umiqer Clearing Sale
! V.
LEGAL.
ALL KINDS OF—
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L
Interior & Eiterior
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON

FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
will visit Shawville every Monday
MANUFACTURED.
WM. GAMBLE,
<>f the family, with an observably dejected demeanor. < >n Thursday last while the family were leaving for the west, the dog exhibited every symptom of knowing
mor ha. it th»t> is soon going to lead to I wh.at W.R8	TA1 ^ keeB him !rom
the altar Mias Lizzie Farnham, of Eaat 8w"»mmg the broad Ottawa after them Dunham. Quo.	he had to be shut up. After they had
gone the dog was released, and though It is understood that as a result of his I offered food at a neighbor's, he refused,
ATTORNEY AT LAW, Main St Hull, ! visit to Lake Tentiscamingue district, and going back to the vacated house of A Que, will, atrequeet.attendallcourt» Hon. -1. M. Hibson. Commissioner of the family laid him down in the yard and lU answered01* A1,oorre8poudenc<promPt‘ ! Crown Lands, will make a special forest was found dead on Monday morning, ywu1 bea^SLawvilleflrstThursdttyofeacb I reserve there.	doubtless through sheer grief or a broken
monthe	It is stated that the Council of the city ******'
of Hull, has decided to vote the sum of
fi pn n WPIfiHT 330,000 to Mr. J. H. Beemer as an in-
^	W»	W\ M\A n I f j ducement to establish his proposed rail-
way workshops in that city.
DOORS, HASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. &«:,
Kept in stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRICES
BARRISTER, &o.,
159 Main Street,.....
Rev. George Cnxbb, (son of Mr. James Crabb, of Pembroke,) has been appointed At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday | to Island Brook, Que. Circuit and ru«
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Hodglus’ Store, Main St
Hull.
of all lines in
5
McCREDIE & HODGINS.

Summer
Estimate* furnished.
ARTHUR McConnell.
i

i
###
e*#
Dry Goods
Stevens Rifles
Strange Death of a BrockviUe
Man.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
230 Main St, - Hull, Que-,
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.)
Law business In District ot Pontiac attend ed to.
A band of boy, and girl. ..expected to occurred in the General Ho.pital hurt reach Kno.lton about July let, varying Frid It a „ on Wedneeday a
m ago from 2 to 16. Partiea needing French Canadian deck hand of 21
inch pleaee apply at once, enclosing mm- employed on the .learner Persia, ister • recommendation and fare to Mrs
Birt, 44 Home, ' Knowlton, P. Q
* are guaranteed to be
on
SAFE, SOLID,
years,
was
We find our stock in the follow- :: ing lines too heavy at this time of the year, and we have placed :: “ Move On " prices on them all ij
..*c
taken ill and removed from the boat, its arrival here, to the hospital. If ho
Robert, the eldeat .on of Mr. Alei. | cou,d> be would nottalk E?Kh?h- Several McMillan, of Golden Lake, while driv-18ent'eni®n conversant with the French
ing log, for McLachlin Bros, at the rap to"8uatr"2 l.° Per,uade ,h«® to conver.e id, ju,t above Eganville, fell off a log into with then, but he po.it.vely refused to
the eddy and ... drowned ou Saturday : take a"f ,food or ">ed.cme He couse-
afternoon la.t. U , body wa. found in T ' P'ned	and d'*d °n Fr,day
an hour afterwards. Deceased was 19 at ?rn.°?ne	,	. , . .
veais of a$ze	A telegram was despatched to Capt.
*	,	\	^	Scott of the Persia, at Montreal, inform
The jury in the St. Onge child murder ing him of the patient’s critical condition.
case, failed to find a verdict, and were He replied by saying if he died to ship
consequently discharged. Boileau, the the remains to Eiois. St. Michael, St.
accused, will therefore have a new trial. Timothee, Beauharnoia Canal, Que. The
Nine of the jury were for conviction, two body was accordingly sent Friday night
for acquittal and one undecided. Judge | on the first train.
Lavergne charged pretty strongly against
the prisoner.

on
ACCURATE,
W. W. IRELAND,
' 'From the
F 1	.
$6.00 •• Favorite ’* to our most expensive «* Ideal.”
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
The M IDEAL'* No. 44 Is a fine rifle. À ;4 ONE OF 01R LEADERS, price only $10. | J Î ! We guarantee it in every respect. Noth- ? < £ Ing cheap about It but the price. ? <
Ï Made regularly In .23. .38 and .S3eal- * J T Ibre rlm-flre, . 25-20 STEVENS» .33-40, ^ , X .38-55 and. 44-40 ©enler-Bre.	? «
? IN SPECIAL SIZES, $13.00. J !
$ Send stamp /or complete Catalog and >§¦ X*	Hand Book.	T
SHAWVILLE - -
QUE.
Prints,
Scotch Ginghams, Flannellettes.
S. A. McKAY, B. C. L.,
NOTARY PUBLIC. NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO.. OF ONTARIO.
Money to loan on easy term*. Will be at Shawville from 80th June till 10th of July, to attend to Wills, Donations, Family Settlements, Settlements of Estates and Loans of Money. Parties requiring Loans are requested to call early.
Blouses,
Corset Covers, Undervests.
J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL CO.,
AGENTS WANTED-FOR “THE LIFE /a. and Achievements of Admiral Dewey,” the world’s greatest Naval hero. By Murat Halstead, the life-long friend and admirer of the nation's Idol. Biggest and best book ;
P. O. Box
CHICOPEE FALLS. MASS*
Mrs. Catherine Kerr, widow of the late James Kerr, postmaster at Hull, died
,Mt Wednesday at the residence of her I	uiSTSy0' ESS
son in law, Dr. i roy, Somerset Street, mous demand. Big Commissions, outfit
.t the age of 52 year,. Mr, Kerr had [	n&VoSi'&n
Bldg., Chicago.
R. MITCHELL,
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, for the District of Pontiac. Office, Main St.,
Accounts collected and prompt returns j been suffering tor some time with paralysis. She leaves one daughter, Mrs. Troy, and a son, Harry Kerr.
Muslins Picques, Zephyrs,
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
}
made
What to do With the
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT
James Dupuis, of St. Joseph’s village,
e^agemenuror?nyebnraîn?«îa connection j ,l 22 years, was drowned on Friday, with all Courts In the County. Collections j Deceased in watering a* team of horses.
madeand p-omp t return sassured
B
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Boy.
A conversation was held a short time
concern-
attached to a harrow, in the river, got
beyond his depth. His shouts for help I ago between husband and wife wer. heard by neighbors, but he had dis- ; the future welfare of their only .on.
bank. Several dived for him but he j The mother wae for 8mn8 him a Profea' could not be found. The body was re- ®ion, but the father thought the profea-
Laces,
Veilings and Chiffons.
GENERAL.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.* Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County covered on Saturday. Coroner Freeland i siona were crowded, and suggested start-
EpsEmHEsE	w “ I '¦* “•	—- ""
or private sale on reasonable terras. Pub- Decoised was highly esteemed Wk H I H	I	I
lie sales conducted at Shawville once » district and had been married but four to his son entering professional life, month, a variety of articles always on	,
hand for sale: Office : Shawville, Que.	months
Crinkle Cloth, Shirtings and Embroideries.
The father’s reason for being opposed
was
that he had a brother, who, while very
The grain traffic this year over the | clever, had nothing to show for his years JAN. I1UF15 Si LOe	1 Parry Sound Railway Is now at its height ! of labor but a mere living and a good,
5EHSS51 arsS otEwJ [	—
The father, not having the education o
in the
PATENTS
IPROMPTLY SECURED!
All lines of Ladies’ and Men’s Straw Hats.
Write for our interesting books “ Inventor’s Help” and “How you are swindled.” Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil & Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors In Applied Sciences Laval University, Members Patent Law Association, American Water Works Association, New England Water Works Assoc. P. O. Sutveyors Association, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineers.
j NEW YORK LIFE B'LD"0., MONTREAL OAR.
( ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, 0.0.

bushels of grain have been handled for	J
export. The grain has come down over j hie brother, and some years ago engaged the lakes since the opening of navigation with the Bradley«Garreteon Co., Limited, and represents the large and increased I of Brantford, Ont., first as canvassing volume of business which the road is do- I Agent, being promoted from time to time ing. There is great activity at the ter-1 until now he was in the very front rank
Mrs C, M* McLean,	I minus in Depot Harbor, a large staff of with this company and making lots of	.	.
—IT"	s3,"« i;“!Jscÿ i 3- £“ r:	We are going to have a Big
.SrtAfssBsr*- "“* - «•'	Si. SS. Zt .ÎVÎS Clearance—not	of old-fashioned,
Trt ---------------ta, ... r,H.,™», to, .h,,IZTt 'shop-worn goods, for we have none
PONTIAC house V "•’T* «TV- .“-y	—but of worthy new goods, all
J	’Uni™ 12“ÏL «,‘h Li”"Æ.b. "Æ- ! made for this season’s trade.
« sta / L u hanging tx> a Mrs Ed ward I (nfl. House, especially as he had just re-¦ Plamondon, and which is believed to have cejve(j a good salaried offer from them.
? been started by tramps sleeping there R during the night. The tire spread with Ë great rapidity, and, there being no fire Hi j appliances here, the inhabitants were
werless to stay the progress of the I Oats.
nies. Assistance was telegraphed for j Peas.
to Quebec, and fire engines were sent by | Buckwheat
special train from there, a distance of j Rye.
about thirty five miles. When the en- Eggs, (fresh,).
II' vines arrived here about thirty-five or Wool...
j forty houses had been consumed, with Butter....
several outhouses. The convent caught | Pork per 100, dressed
fire and was damaged in the upper por- Beef..
tion to the extent of about three thousand j Hay p dollars. The loss will amount to fully | Calfskins one hundred thousand dollars, and is well covered by insurance. *
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Sail,
.r '
OFFICES
1% <
BO YEARS’ EXPERIENCE


5*




I
ATENTS

Shawville Produce Quotations.

X3T Come early and bring this List.
1

n
24 tr 20 00 to 00
Trade Marks Designs
rTTfn" Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch end description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention 1» probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. Handbook on Patenta
agency for securing patenta. Patenta taken through Mann A Co. receive ijxcial notice, without charge. In the

—to
I
Gr. F. HODG-INS’
#**#*
• e • •
to
10
14 to 16 . to 12
sent free. Oldest
Scientific American.
to
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
5.00	to 5.50 5.50 to 7.00 .... 45to 50
6.00	to 5.50
,.	35 to 50
• 9
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest ctr. relation of any scientific Journal. Terme. a year: four months. $1. Sold by all newsdealers.
¦ESSttrsasli*
er ton
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL,
Hides, Pelts.
PROPRIETOR



###PAGE###6###
I
I
»
/
»
si $ 5 ^	£ $ «6 tr $ $ 5 $ £ * £ S* 3? $ $	«»” ?£&’ n«‘n "î; 1 '*,l!,e' ‘ ",,l> 1 DOMINION PARLIAMENT. L"*d lZi%mu,r%"r*%% further
AV	yil And he did light it, and then, with	—	vote of $5000 for salaries and expense#
1 Love and War***. i
”	—	;T; had gond, and where Charlie in hi#	——'	Ielaughl mimais
w fr;::.;	™« «** °» <«**»• La tsa wsls ? ¦¦•¦::................................-«-•
After that night, Charlie failed	A bill of which Mr.	Fielding ha# glv-	ammunition and $274,290 on account	'U*,M 4* lllv Kinrl* liemh
rapidly, and often in his sleep, talk-d io	en notice, in regard to the city of Ot-	consolidated fund for the following:	«Tore inviulrd Karope.
faction of	ho»,,, an,, fhu. SW? if • JTthSrtT .^SSS -JS.1*	......... «« >""»	JSSVSSllf.S 1	"*	**“
Rose was still in ignorance with re- f„l mistake.- At last, as Maude sat by |	annually to the cal y in lieu or ,,roperl|PSi 135^000; stores, 3311,7(10; , r	,	.
gird to Annuls identity	with	the	re-	him one day the fifty after the bonfire	whatever	claims the	city may have	clothing, $20,000; transportation, $16,-	tLme» ana w0'<'h surisses all (he oth-
quot.	Hut	Annie to I l her	that	night,	t,n 1 he grass-plat, he said, to her sud-	against the Government for municipal	*00; mCcellaneou# and unforeseen $10,-I era U1 gravity, is the outbreak of the
«SffisâSfeiïiW- - r=r.jr ......................................................—..	HE’ R-™	=¦- --
story she had read.	. "No, it is manslaughter. Why do	The money will be.expended under	*00; purchase of Hamilton rifle range, j	un<1 ‘oasniuch as the appearance of the
you aakf Maude said; and t'harlie	the supervision of a	commission up-	$3000; to complete payment for Lon-	P°8t followed shortly after the	return
—	pointed by the Government from lead- <*‘>n property $1000; for Defence Scheme of the annual pilgrimage to Mecca, it
......ssssv.-yan : y .................................... *.» *• "sr»J5r,«	-»-—:« •»-*	—
; and as the cold sh »t him right through the head, mid	Council, and the first exi>endi- colonial, for rolling stock, $20,000.	1 'xv* VNllti brought from ‘^iat holy
they began to;—Maude, he thmight it was you!” lure will likely be made ou Welling- For canals $242.000, of which $212,- place of Islam wjiere ea^h 'year Mc-
Oh’ Charlie! Charlie!1' and Maude	(on 6lve0t	opposite	the Parliament	^9'* is lor deepening the north chan-	hammedaus gather from every part of
eh,i kvd “,ou‘l RH 8bl' b, ul wer 1,er	buil,lings.	ntaS?0 f0r d,,*pening the 81	the world, clùefly from India, where
These items are chargeable to cnpi- J Pbigue has been most virulent in
its ravages.	,
From Cairo it has spread to Alexandria, the victims being mainly
Under
THEY FEAR THE PLAGUE

I
I
ALL EUROPE TREMBLES BECAUSE OF THE BUBONIC PEST.
scab to pay for
k
A STORY OF SLAVERY DAYS By MARY J. HOLMES.

v/
<1/
11 Onve
fll
i'U V PTE it X X XVlll.—Continued. "\\ hut would you do U. you knew t" Auujb asked, and Jimuiie replied:
"1 believe 1 would go miles to see her, just to know what kind ut a woman she lias developed into. I trust she is not like her aunt. 1 could not endure her. She struck me as a hard, iviiish, ambitious woman, terribly afraid lest the would generally should not ill nk Mrs. Scott Helkuap all which Mrs. Scott Helkuap thought herself to
excaii-mont in Europe at the present
!
< H VPTKIt XXXIX
Chur Ile <iiil it uncle hoped he in" g ht weather increased, t.ilk of taking him to u warmer dim ate, but ( ha i lie s ml:
"I urn as well here as l could he any-1 brother, who continued w heie I don’t hant to be moied
Let m? stay here In quiet.”
b
Ann e a cheeks were very red by this t.uiti, and imputing her heightened color to a cause widely different from the real one, Jimmie drew her face dow n to Us, and kissing the burning cheeks, said:
“Of course l should take you with me, \\ hen I w ent » fier Ut i le Lu."
“You would hardly find her if you j Annie came every day to see him and did not,” Annie /mid, while Jimmie he learned t
looked inquiringl„v at her.	their c mug, esjwially that of Annie
Annie had only been waiting tor to whom he took the kindliest Jimmie to apeak of the. little Vequot, knew just how to nurse h m, before making her own confession, and she once cared for the poor prisoners, back. 11 she now said to him abruptly:	so she now cored for the Southern wh
“Did Lulu look any like me i"	boy, who
“Why, yes. I've always thought so, kindness of the Northern people, was self only she was younger, an l b id short still as thorough a Secessionist as he he thought it was you, though an at half, you know, and short dresses, too. hid ever been. Anxiously he waited rident, of course Ann.e, Annie, tell me—was she—do you for daily news of the progress of sorry that you should be the —are you"—J.mmie began, raising Grant's army, refusing to believe that kill him. Hut 1 told him different himself upright upon the couch, as Lee was so closely shut up in Rich- wh n 1 w hi ape red to him you know, something iu Annie’s expression began mond that escape was impossible, said it was 1 to puzzle and mystify him.
"Am 1 what ( Anna- asked. "Am l Lulu of the iVquot House ( My was Anne Louise Howard, be-
unt cull-You never inquired my fm.i.uen ua me, 1 be hex you thought 1 had always been a married w man, but 1 was a girl of lour-teen once, and went w;iu m> Xunt L.dkntp to New Lvudou, and m • no called bans.-If Dicta Lee, was so k-ud to the that she hi gan to th uk day, and watch for hit his school hours. 11

INSURANCE HILL
“Not when he died when he lay there on the grass
hut at first moan
about
Si they mule him as comfortable as ing and looking at you so sorry and possible ut the hotel, and Rose and grieved like, don't you remember?**
Maude gasped; and Charlie
Banking and <al
Thi
Coin in it tee on Commerce, dealt with the bill of the
Under railway subsidies $531*) is asked to pay an old claim of the New
Brunswick Central Railway.
Sixty thousand dollars more la naked Greeks and Hebrews, of Uhe lower on capital for River St. Lawrence ship | class, and it is practically certain that
from Alexandria it will extend to
Ministers of Railways, to nm ml the Insurance Act
Yes'"
watch and listen for went on
The chief feature of
^ "u know that one of the ruffians the bill is a provision changing the
stood	behind	him,	and	knocked	elated insurance companies’ reserves	vote being Montreal	public buildings.	8elIlea’ Genoa, Brindisi, Constantinople
while acknowledging t lie him down	intime	to take	the	hall	him-	shall earn. At present the rate is	work done, $*2964;	Quebec	Fit add,	and Athens, between all of which port»
H * knew you had a revolver, and! ,H,r (Vli:	The toll has under- jwk done, #2236; public buildings, and Egypt there is
«...—
trod need, and it now provides that	tablishnient for Department	of Agri- | especially iu passengers of the poorer
after January 1, the rate connected	culture. $7000.	class, who, owing to the cheapness wf
1 with all new «business shall he 3 1-2	(i,,*u‘r:11 repairs -llarbor. Quebec, , tlie lrip alul tlle difficulty of earning
[*1 cvnle wbile 011 olti busiue83 the contractor,4	new dredging‘Upland* J living during the summer months in
$15,OiH); addditionai amount for sur- ! *‘g>pi, when all rich iwople are away basis, until 1907, wheu it will he re-j veys. $11),000; under ocean and river au< lbv *iotels closed, hasten to Eu-
Vftei 1912 the service, #10,000 is asked for repairs to TPP6’ r<‘t-urnLJ1g to the ^ inks of the
Stanley and Lansdowne. and 820,000 Mip vvhvn thti	<*’4*^ again in
further amount for maintenance I)o- autumn.	»
rutial
Europe, commencing with Naples, Alur-
an enormous
amount of traffic at this time of year,
uid it made him so
on** to
iud his • \ vs put on such Blindly, like m my of hi* older broth- a happy look I know he forgave me, ten. he clung to the hope, that under- fm he said so; hut my heart has ached lying the whole, was soin * hidden mo- » v r s nee with thinkitag? about it live which would in time appear and could not forget it; work good to 1rs cause. Maud never II ,| to torgive me set many times, ?pposed or disputed with him now, hut think he has; and that when I die..
1 ^ 1 ‘ * *ov hill g • wh re Isaac Simms has gone n the sprmg. [ Ik * lorn Miude. if he was a Yankee mmeneed
rate shall remain oil a 4 1-2 |t'i cent
1
1
nim
foie 1 married Georg* ed ni' Louise
and I've asked
«lured to 4 per veut rate on all business will be 31-2 per

I
I
i mu i ,,!M‘ i read h m every 1
the South
i he fighting at Petersburg t there were no such items to it a t'h n i e asked no longer for uni I hen t here v un
le lit m x hen
cent
DANG Bit IS GRAVE
HHHHHHHHHBHHHHIil a Mmi^ effort will l>.- mule dur- I for light house to replace lightship I While English and Anglo-Egyptian ¦ i n l f 'U^ht ag i nst us; and I likr Mrs. .ng the present session of Parliament at l pper Traverse, St. Lawrvn e officials are endeavoring to minimize
: . ipli III llil i'llllll fjpisF iiiiE
zJ?" ....................- .2	.z %%%.%%.?%: gssrsufs,'xrjzrg-zs
K'4§.\S	S&EB&Bss	, &S£8 5 bm^s! EH2HSÂ-Z
a Min .slu btgau to t Lunk t hat she had foie, poo; Isaac had put away for just reply, stopped her:	>val /6J8, at a cost of #1,8(16,Wot), and larger items being : Administration of u l0 remain. It will be more difficult
Cved the hoy who devolved her so, lor stivh an <«r:\s on as this.	“Perhaps it is. I got terribly per- lbal \L bas ^ven dt munsirated beyond justice, $i6,750; Mounted Police, “to to eradicate it from the slums of 8
he vlio deceive her in more points than All the morning of that memorable	plexed thinking it	all over, and	how	it	*	that	the cultivation of	the	complete service for year,” $385,000 ;	European town than from those of as
ns sin atte; ward learned. H>s Moiui i>. w h le the bells were miging,	has turned out. I	think—ves.	I	know	*ugai beet in	the Duininiou is not	only	, to jay troops, erect barracks, etc.,	Oriental city. In the latter the buildingr
“I 1 r '1 - .............s~asse	« —if “ssij; a	»4ri^£warc
s&? r W'FY -rr'''	' ^-FF K'-Sl 5Æ	5 :	EiHEBEHEEEE:
before 1 went to Wash ugum, and she h* stopp'd his ears, so as to shut out God meant it to be managed”	| uf ^*1 root sugar factories, a bounty legal authority by the officials charg- onoe tjfe plague seizes hold of a city
E2/E ErEEHEEE: EvErzE'E sySraS tSSwEr57-'-B	BE : 5H? ESEESBE SrSSss?
was so little in the world to make me h r to come for the sake of the boy	And Maude don’t	wait after	I	tree of duty.”	west Mounted Police, #144,077.10; oub-
hippy. and you had been so kunl, wh s ‘ box was to lx* burned, Charlie dead, hut marry Captain Car Ip ton all lbe Minister of Agriculture stated lie works, 815,830.90 ; customs, $15,565,-
that 1 fully believed in uud trusted began to listen. And as he listened, once. You will be'happier then ” lbal twenty years ago two million doi- 32; Government of the Yukon provis- The last visitation of the plague was you; and when l tuund 1 was deceived h * grew interested in Isaac Simms and	/To it r r	la is had been thrown away in an in- ional district?, #24,924.44. “Authority is ^65, \ hen it was described by Pepys
my heart ached as hard, perhaps, as th«* grass-plat by the well, and the	'A0 116 continued.)	vestment of this kind. There was not a hereby given for the passing of such in ^is diary, London being at the time
the heart of a girl of fourteen can box hidden in the barn, and he ex--——- country in the world where the beet- entries as may be required to bring almost depopulated by
ache frvrn such a cause.”	pressed a wish to he present when it COOKING ON THF ni.rf INF	rout sugar industry can to-day stand these amounts into the accounts known as the black death, and during
Poor Ann* ! poor little Lulu ! was burned. Maude, too, had heard of	_L	upon its own	feet.	of the financial year ending 39th	the previous 204 years it had repeated-
Jimmie said. . as he clasped one of Isaac Simms before. She knew that	- WORKMAN tLOlHINû CONTRACT	June. 1899, _ and the members of the	iy ravaged all Europe, in Genoa only
Annie a hands in his own, and his voice he had Ixen captured by Arthur Tun- 1 bH*ot ¦*»rl* loinpui» Thai People No .	.	.	.... . Queens Privy Council for Canada, a seventh of the uooulation survived
expressed «11 the sorrow and tender- bridge, but she did not know the par- long,. Know	Kmt ,u, n TYh!"M,n%r'%d M.d't'ia	ani‘ thP off^rs ",ld arsons who ônê of tU visi^iSs while iU rlv-
ness he felt for Annie who continued: ticulars of his prison life, or how gen- grate h» Kiiglami.	, \r’	, î\ • , 1 11 / V/ 8 ut , authorized or made the expenditure as atrea were extended to Norway Swed-
EraHHHB	«SrSSK EHEErïSE-
since my ixirents died, and 1 went to	which ah- li t n <1 w ith sw mining eves	8hl<*red that Parisians are	the best-	rl 1111 act ^rough ins being i he. lowest	0j the above-mentioned revenues, with-	entlre disappearance of those Islandio
m> Aunt Uelkuup, m New Uaven. She	and a h an throbbing with love and	calered-for people in the world, says "	who'bvr M^ WorK^rTi.‘* a^lfrbrRh	ouf ,dup 1<>gal authority, and all ex-	and Scandinavian colonies which are
.....	SSEi:; r-SSSS
within her means. She took me io said; and Charlie should go too. He as the only place where cookery is bt ®xec,1tion of this contract.	West Indies, $2.»,000 is added, and 314,- j bus.
Newport and Saratoga, and the New	had wept passion ately at the recital of	raised to a very fine art.	All the	XORONIO S AMBITIOUS SCHEME.	6t)0. more is needed for the Interna-	I(* ^ kedd th-at Paris, with its defec-
A ork hotels, and she turned her hack	Isaac's sufferings in Libby, hut still i	great chefs on London and	the vast	Mr. llarke Wallace moved fur papers	O'm.il (.«inference at M nshington.	live sewerage system, and a metropo-
on t.eorge Graham, whom we met at found s< m * excuse for the South gen-	I *	•	‘ ,	,	“	/	in conn ctiou with the Toronto & Geor-	Land and cable telegraph lines of	litan water 8U1>I,iy that is little better
Long Branch, where he was making orally.	majority ot	the waiters	come from	gian Hay Ship Canal Company, which	the 8ea coast# and islands, of the lower	than poisonous, will afford a particul-
Bome repairs upon au engine. A me- “It was not the better class of p^o- I l^e French capital ; therefore it is not proposes building either a canal or a rivers and Gulf of St. Lawrence and arjy favorable field for the bubonic charm* was not her idea of a husband pie,” he said, 'who did these things;	to he wondered at that the	impression	ship railway from loronto up to Col-	Maritime Provinces, including cost of	ptague, which may henceforth be refoi her mew. She preferred that 1 it was th - lower, ignorant ones, whose	prevails here	that cookerv is verv seri-	lingvvood- Tbe lulter would cost	working steamer Newfield and other	giirded as one of the many dangers by
should marry a man of sixty, who instincts were naturally brutal.”	V . .	V Vu *	V /v	lbreo milUon dollars, and would cut	vessels wh en required for cable ser-	whLch the international exhibition of
had already the portraits of three An ! n iih »r Maude nor Annie contra- OUi anr ^portant business on the oth- four hundred miles off the distance be- vlc<1 w'ork done, $10,400.^ wives in his handsom» house at Meri- dieted him. though the eyes of the er sR*e of the Channel.	tween Montreal aud Chicago. Mr. Unprovided items, 1887-*98. as shown
den; but theu, for wioh i>oi trait he form r flashed indignantly, and her ! But it is all a mistake. The culinary Wallace was of the opinion that the ^ Auditor-General s report, #194,-
counted two hundred thousand dollars, nostrils quivered as they always did 1 art is declining raoidlv in Puri,	0ltawa sbiP canal would taku so long 8J4
ami half a million covers a multitude when th> sufferings of our prisoners ,	. u P. y n f dr 8‘ . to build that by the time it was ready
of defects and a great many wives. 1 were mentioned in her presence	1	1 groat authorities on the subject, the steady increase of western traffic
would not marry that man, and as the I hat night, when the stars came out who would like to think otherwise, de- would provide abundant freight for all Mr. Ingram had heard that the At-result of my persistent -refusal, my over Rockland, a party of twelve or dare that Frenchmen no longer en- transportation routes. Mr. Wallace torney-Genvial of Ontario had made
life with my aunt became so unbear- more was congregated at th ¦ house of 1 courage superior cooking The tmur- a®ktd„. government encouragement lo régulations regarding the fisheries of	_	.	.
able that, when Pro violence again the widows Simms where hut for the	/	1	g*. ü ® the Toronto enterprise. The motion tbe province aud desired an explana- childhood almost up to manhood given
threw George in my way, and he asked sad memory of I a c, whose soldier- i met.. . t>assed out of existence. for papers was adopted, but no stale- lb)n	.	a very simple remedy for the misfor-
m-( to be his wife, 1 consented, and 1 coat hung on th- wall with the knap- Life in these days offers so many di- ment was made by the government The Min ster of Fisheries rep ied that
a BitefFS^-3 «kEEHÊ	r. r.% z
hhat she vxas beautiful, but felt re- our land, whose graves were e^erv-lieved when she left George Graham, where, from the shadowy forests of and spoke of Hose, who had come to Maine, and the vast prairies of the her like an angel of light, and made West, to the sunny plains of the South, the burden easier to bear.	I where they fought and died. t There
“I had no suspicion that she was the j were	twenty-five	buried in	the Rock-
soi-disant Dick Lee’s sister, or that my	land	graveyard; and others	than the
boy-hero was not Dick Lee, until just party assembled at Mrs before you came home for the first thought of the vacant chairs at home.
time, and then I thought I must go and the sleeping d^ad whose ears were	. be ^Lef of one of the great bankers
away, for I did not care to meet you. deaf to the notes of peace floating so	. Lu rope, in speaking of the haste
But Bose prevented me, and 1 am glad musically over the land. Charlie's	w. 1 wijich meals are eaten in these
now that she did.”	face was very white, and there	were	J/nies, said that the daily dinner of
“And 1 am glad, too,	Jimmie said,	tears in his eyes as he laid his	thin	Jus employer consisted of fifteen cours-
"Your staying has been	the means of	white hands reverently upon thn	box	es’ i,nd tbat Lt was consumed in forty
untold good to me, darling—it was the	examining irs make, and bending	close	™ outes, or at an average^ of two and
memory of your sweet, holy life and	to the name, and	date, and	words cut	t'^^ra minutes	for each	course,
character which led me, a wretch at	upon	it.—'Isaac	Simms,	Rockland	lve	? clock	tea	is	another	foe	that
Andersonville, to seek the Saviour April 25th, 1861. This box to be burn-	lhe 9°. of tarns look ui>on as most i	A	greater	part	of	these	votes	is	for
whom you have loved so long. God ed-“ There was a blank which the	OImumble. At these functions cold I	money	already	spent	or	obligations	inha s led us both in strange paths. We boy, who had cut the words with his	^fections, wines, liqueurs, cakes, bnn-	curred Amongst	the most noticeable
have suffered a great deal—you men- jack-knife, could not supply. He did	)0n8, a°d. chocolates are served. I hey	voteg are $10,000	additional for print-
tally, I physically, and only what I j not know when the box would be burn-	^cwlwn the d^ain of	confec-I ing Dominion notes, #21,342 civil gov-	The Minister of	the Interior brought
deserved ; but let us hope that the ed. Then it was April, 1861; now it	LmohUalv thLtthe rhlf ha^lUron	moment, most of which is for contin-	in a bill which is	designed to continue
^5jTssu-ii'trsr£ 3jsjrzf sst a£?Srt
tHESEarrHs	___________________
and I thank God for it ; but most of come at last. But the boy Isaac was	^r (hat the oookery in ranee ha,*. »unk	from the wardenship uf Kingston Pen-	Mr.	Clarke	asked	whether	the	Min-	awBy	this	summer,
all, I thank H m for giving me my not there to see it. It was not for him	Lnto a^lethargy from which it cannot	Uentiary, 8314.50	balance to Mr. Eil-	inter of	Finance could	get	any informa-	Why	not	f
Ta-'	" p"“'	s
Mrs. Carleton had thought it better pencil from his pocket and wmt >	, rea 01 1 ge	for legislation $23,000 more is need- medals.	is engaged yet.
not to add to Hose’s excitement by “April 3d, 1865, to celebrate the fall ounudry rewanL	ed. among the Items being $9000 for Mr. Fielding was Informed by his
telling her who Annie was, while Jim of Richmond, and the end of the Con- -	-—- reporting and printing debates of the deputy that a small lot was supposed| if Noah had let ihe building of the
one’s fate was shrouded in so much federacy. Charles De Vere. "	The cat has nine lives, but	that Is	Senate, and $5000 for publishing de-	to be now on the	v*y over and other	ark	to	a government	contractor	the
gloom ; then, after bis return, she de- “Who shell light the pile?" Tom ask-	nothing to the number of lives	of some	bate® Commons: $975 for the widow	small lots might be expected from time	flood would	have	been	postponed inde-
sided that Annie should have the sat-Jed, when all was ready. And Charlie men sold hy subscription only	the late D Alton McCarthy; $5000 to time.
Hu
b
rphaii g i l
m b lu all in. il g til ici u is a saury,
\
1
I
ou

“i>ut, Annie," J mime began Aunue stopped h m. saying : "Walt, Jimmie



I
It has been shown that
;
ALMOST DEPOPULATED EUROPE
what was
\
\
/
1900 is threatened.
CURE FOR STAMMERING
THE FISHERIES
i Mmple Nflhod of Ri moving a Treuble
muni* HablI,
A gentleman who stammered from
"Go into a room where you
tune
this matter
and sit down and read two hours aloud to yourself, keeping your teeth to-
Do the same thing every twr
rilE LEPERS.
same that the
Drummond County bill first came r _ in Parliament. The measure passed the Commons, but the Senate threw it out. Last year Parliament consented to the Government's leasing the road for nine months for $140,000. The present measure provides for the purchase of the improved and lengthened line for $1,600,000.
Montague, Haldiman, insisted gether that the government should take steps	or three days, or	once a week	if	verj
to transfer the lepers from D’Arcy Is-	tiresome, always	taking care	to	read
land, B. C., to Traça die, N. S.
The Minister of Agriculture replied
that the Provincial Government was
charged with the protection of the pub-1 versing with others, try to speak as lie health and he did not judge it expedient to depart from the ordinary course.
Lieut.-Col. Prior denied the imputa- I stammer tions of neglect and held that the peo-	not having much	faith in it,	1	must
pie are being looked after.	confess, but willing to do most	any
SCARLET FEVER IN THE WEST I lbLnS to cure myself of such an an
noying difficulty. I read for two In reply to a question by Mr. Bavin hours aloud with my teeth together, the Minister of the Interior stated that The first result
Ln
X
up
COOKS COMPLAIN.
At a conference of Paris chefs, the cooks complained that people no longer know how to oat. The impulse is to complete the function in the briefest time, to get away from it, instead of prolonging gastronomic enjoyment to its limits.
J
slowly and distinctly, moving the lips, but not the teeth

Then, when con-
/
K
slowly and distinctly as possible, and make up your mind that you will not
V^\U, I tried this remedy,
Simms
SUPPLEMENTARY ESTIMATES.
The supplementary estimates, for the current fiscal year, ending June 30, 1899 were laid on the table by Mr. Fielding. They amount to $2,647,628, of which $453,919 is capital, consolidated fund $1,993,515, railway subsidies, $5,300 and unprovided items, 1897-98, $194,-

i
i
:
$
was to make my
scarlet fever does not exist among the tongue and jaws ache, that is, while I Galicians at Saltcoats. It was, how- was reading, and the next to make me ever, contracted by certain settlers at feel as if something had loosened my Strathoona on their way through Win-] talking apparatus, for 1 could speak
The
(
800
f

* I
mpeg
with less difficulty immediately change was so great that everyone who knew ma remarked it. I repeated the remedy every five or six days for a month, and then aq longer intervals till cured.
d
TO PROTECT BUFFALO
t
8
d
o
a
WASTED EFFORTS

8
v
D
e
b
f.

k

b

finitely








^ m
p fj-ft ' , I




mmm
¦fid»

###PAGE###7###
Z
<


i

dew. They do • forenoon'» work by 10 or 11 o’clock, and then take for themselves and tuama three or four hours' nooning during the heat of the day. This is better than beginning work late, and then eating hurriedly and eating the principal meal of the day without any rest in which to dig-gvsl it. One of the main advantages 0l | of this plain la that it turn* som * dry soil over the d« w, thus saving its f rti-llzing prup. riii'8 from waste.
TO COMMUNICATE WITH MARS
DOMINION BANK
/

HINTi FOR
THE FARMER.

Tesla, I he Kleefrlelnn, Mays II le raeelble I# I »e filrelewe Telrgrnpby.
Mr. Tesla, who rivals Edison end Marconi in the boldness of his ezperi-morits, said the other day, when asked about wireless telegraphy :
Wireless telegraphy is a system of flashing signals by means of a light that is invisible, similar to the X-rays, Circles of this unseen, mysterious light may be sped instantly to any distance, even to Mars and Jupiter. If re-

Proceedlngs of the Twenty-Eighth Annual General Meeting of the Stockholders.
PRESERVING SURPLUS SUMMER
I BUTTER.
_ About the most convenient way
preserving t email quantity of butter
for future family use is to wrsp each
lump of butter by itself In a clean and
moistened piece of thin muslin and
then pack n stone jars. Tubs will do
if perfect.y sweet and not leaky.
Keep là* lutter covered with a clear
brine mad# by bringing to boiling
point and holding for some minutes a
solution uf salt in water. It should be
made of jood butter salt, free from
jdor, am pure water, and the solution
should b saturated, i.e., there should
be ya salt added as will disudiVe.
After boiling slightly fur eight to ten minutt-s, set in a cool place and whvn thoroughly cooled the brine may be poured over the butter.
Jk sure to keep the butter well under the brine by means' of a slight weight placed on top of it. If the but tv i is allowed to float it will come in cuiiiaot with air and be injured. 1 he boil ip g removes the air from the brine From the Walker tun Telescope and dt#troys the ferments which may be present in the salt or water. Keep the Jura covered ana on the bottom of t he cellar or other cool place. If tuba are used put them, on a board or )a stène to prevent the hoops rotting off. It ought to be understood that butter for long keeping must have the buttermilk very tnuruughiy removed at )the lime it is made. Treated in the manner indicated there should be no difficulty in preserving the summer butter surplus for the following winder and spring consumption. ,
CEYLON TEA, ICED,
19 HEALTHY, COOLING, DELICIOUS AND EXHILARATING
Lead packages
25, 30, 40, 50 & 60c.
«I Ihf Bunking lionne of the In ftlltnllou In Toronto 011 Wrriiiinday,
11*1. #*#*.
« f
H
A BOON FOR THE LAME! "
THE IVtV PATENT EXTENSION SHOE 00..
«•4m whem* itm*
fcfe’fS
•Bor wewries B
on là» mmrfcet. »n0 en*We
•!##
lie. Dee- ripilfB
LICK LOVE? DIRT
The annual General Meeting of the Where a hen house is thoroughly Dominion Rink was held, at the Bank-
cleaned every second or third day. iug House of the institution Toronto, there will be little danger of the poul- on wpH , M	’
try and their house becoming overrun	' y' ay	ceiving terminals could be erected there
with lice, especially so if the inside of Among those present were noticed the un usage could bo intelligently and the building is given a coat of white- Col. Mvaon, Messrs. 8. Alcorn, William faithfully transmitted.
" To flash 2,000 or 3,(>0() words i>er minute to any part of the earth by the highly sensitised terminals I h ive
perfected will be a common thing. I It	______
is nothing. It is inevitable.	I’NMJMATIC THfMBLBS.
“ People can have their private wire- Pneumatic thimbles for typewriters
less communication with friends and and pianists are the latest devices for . .	. ¦ -T-------------=r—”—T-
ucquaintances in various parts of the	nerve economy.	The incessant and re-	lUÛÛl	L8 lit fiât	POlIflh
globs. It Will be no greater wonder	gular pounding of the sensitive finger	BWWUIWI	I VIIOII
to Imve a cable tower on your roof	tips renders the	owner of them nerv-	Will	kOOp	VOUr 8.h068 80f t B8 VOlvBt
than it is now to have a telephone in	ous wrecks in a	majority of cases, to
your house. ’______________say nothing of callous and cracked fin_______________________________________ ! £°r ends and broken and split nails.
The new thimbles are of rubber, ing in sets, according to the size of 8	707,075 15 glove worn, and ire said to not only
¦	I «ave the nerve shock, hut also to in-
1,116,254 00 crease the speed and strength of the
stroke.
A re eitilbUk to secure the ndd/ete ef e ery l»me men end r«ai«i> n 0# »*••• coMlete In une i-rnb kflt g ahoriwr thee Ibe other, ee# ere eflerMg p!eyiu ut to eitry eu e p.rw.u whe will teke the trouble to tfrttf 1er ol to set e# oyem&i ilet one of the Fs* en slum for fourni# end y Ou e week hu»e mo trouble tocomoc# other:, of its vehie Tl.b Ksiomlom ie by far the beat f itsoeture ever
the wearer tv aa.k m right, to walk with «e • end oe.,_, _______
•he**, end given them the «am* appearance me their uivre^ fortueal# fries circulera tiee to ell A»k for Ufmi to agents- Address
170 BAY STRBfcT,
will.

\
wash two or three time* during tb« I nee, Thomas Long. ,T„' i Long. J. Ri«-aurumor.	I l<‘y, Win. Spry, Willi m Jtamsay, J.
Lome Campbell, W. it. Brock, A. E. w,‘l>b, E Lvadlay, M. Boulton, E. R.
Osl- r, William H- ndrie, John Stewart,
Waller S. Lee, W. I). Matthews, Chae.
Cocksbutt, il. M Pellatt, Wm. Ilona,
A. W. Auslin, Geo. W. Lewis, Thomas THE REMARKABLE CASE OF A| Walinsh-y, J. K. Niven, John Fletcher,
John Bond, W C. Harvey, Timothy Litton, Ur. T. F. Ross, C. D. Massey,
W. C. Crowther, W. G. Castels, R. U.
For Three Yearn Slie 4onl«l Only go About Gamble, and others.
niih the Aid of 4r#mlebe*-Mad to Mr It was moved by Mr. E. Leadlay, sec-Helped In mid Out of Med-Her Me. onded by Mr. \V. D. Matthews, that
ktorMiiwn to Health n#k Fulooked For. j Mr. E. B. Osier do take the chair, and Specie..
that Mr. R. D. Gamble do act as Sec- Dominion Government de-rej*r?•	*	mind notes.
A couple of Walker ton ladies were Messrs Walter S. Leo and W. G. Deposit with Dominion recently discussing the cas/ of a mutu 1	Fasst is were appointed scrutineers.	Government fur	security
friend who, owing to the sudden de-	. ®1' Secretary read the report of	the	of note circulation,
vc lop ment of a bad attack of sciatica, directors to the shareholders, and sub- Notes and checks of other
had been compelled to take to her bed, ™|Lted ihe annual statement of the af- binks.
when a third lady present, but who fa,r® 'he bank, wi ch is as follows:— Balances due from other was a stranger to the young woman in	e Shareholders;	banks in Canada,
question, made the remark, "I would	Directors beg to present the Balances due from other
advise your friend to take Dr. Wil- *(,1 lowing statement of the result of banks in United Slates, hams' Pink Pills,” Asked to give her ‘he business of the bank tor the year Provincial Government se-
reasons for making this recominenda- t.n, °g April 29, 1899.	curities..........
tion she proceeded to give the details L 'lance ol profit and Joss ac-	Municipal and other de-
of a most remarkable cure that had	1>ct>l.inl; April 30, 1898. .$ 32,388 05	bentures. .
been effected by Dr. Williams' Pink	1 a	l^e Tear ceding
Pills on the daughter of her nearest April 29, lb99, after deduct-neighbor, a Miss Rebecca Greenhow,	1MB charges of mauage-
and the story as told by this lady, hav- mvUL» ,etc„ and making full among ing subseque ntly been repeated in the J" “vision for all bad and in hearing of the editor of this paper, we doubtful debts.
The decided to investigate and find out from personal inquiry all the circumstances of this seeming remarkable ib contaminated only by the intruduc- instance of the power of medicine
tion of foreign bodies directly into the disease. That evening we called at milk. It is true this is a prolific source ^r: i»r< <*Ii!low 8 residence. Both Mr.
of Liad-flavored butter uiid cheese, but ,h<.ir daughter had gone down town, not the the only one. It does not oc- ‘Yes,” replied Mrs. Greenhow in answer cur to these farmers that taints may to a question in regard to the reported
cure, "My daughter has been cured;
, ,.	.	.	.	.1 believe Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
the organism ol the cow by her breath- Haved her life." She then gave the
ing an impure and tainted atmosphere, circumstances of her daughter’s illness Well authenticated instances are on «ad cure as follows:— record where cows at pasture, breath-	' Rebecca, is now seventeen	years of
ing air polluted by carrion, carried the	aFe*	When she	was eleven	she was
taint to their milk and seriously af- attacked with tonsilitis and following fected the whole product of the fut> this for the next three years she never toiies to which the milk was sent.	had a moment free from pain. She be-
The modern barn with close tie-up Ean to complain of pains all over her and ccLar used as a depository for the body but chiefly in her back. She be-accumuiation of manure through the came so weak and run down that she winter is more than suggestive of Wus unable to walk without the assist-tainted fliilii when cows are couliued in	«ace	of a crutch.	The doctor	said she
such quarters. The old, lax notions ol	wa«	suffering	from inflammatory
allowing cows to stand and lie down in rheumatism brought on by an im-th ir ordure six months of the year poverished condition of the system, accvp.ing the cundilions of filthiness He prescribed various remedies but the cows take on in consequence as a nothing seemed to do her any good matter of course, are not yet all obso- an'I f-nally we d-cided to try another fete. And yet these farmers think doctor. He also pronounced the th y are targets for persecution if the i trouble to be rheumatism but though w—factory management insists upon a be gave her bottle after bottle of medicine, she still continued to grow weaker. By the end of the second year she was unable to leave the house and could only move from one
,1, ............................
——-.........................::::z
Must troughs m our western teed lois winter she became so bad that si*- bad i :	durinlf th„	1 made love to that pretty Allbright
“S3 WËÊÈiii-ppps
ÎB B§f H ! H-655
, JA	i	=a= p““"hW " “ -
Very tew farmers have enough | 0t Dr. Williams Pink Pills after years Headley, Wilmo^ 1). MntthewJ, E. R manure to fertilize all their land as of great suffering. We may add that osier and Sir Frank Smith.
a day or two later the writer called At B subsequent meeting of the
eurhfa,mer.tudo m to .pply thie	.
stable mainly to the crops on which self This time she was at home «ad I President for the ensuing term	Fkank J. Chknsy makes oath that h e Is the
zssr™ gEsmmm
hoe poor land. Every addition of	her sufferings in	substantially the	Capital stock	paid	up.	.#	1,500,000 00	LA Its for each and every caee of Cata, ph that)
manure mak s the la bar more effective,	same terms as her	mother had done.	Reserve fund,	.	.	.	1,500,000	00	cannot he cured by the uaeof Hall's Catarrh
and therefore more profitable. With and. like, her mother gives all the , Balance of profits carried	c i re.
mineral fertilizers it is different, credit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.	forward. .	. . .
These are usually applied to grain i Rheumatism, sciatic, neuralgia, | mend No. 66,. payable arops, for which dressings of 150 to	part ial paralysis,	locomotor ataxia,	j M;,y 1.
260 pounds per ai re are usually suffici-	nervous headache,	nervous prsotra-	Tornmr
ânt for the crop, besides leaving some tion. and diseases depending upon claime<i to be taken by the clover after it. humors in the blood, such as scrofula, Reserved for interest and These mineral fertilizers so soon be- chronic erysipelas, etc., all disappear exchange. .	.	•	•
insoluble in J0te soil that it, before a fair treatment? with Dr. Wil- Rebate on bills dis-
pay to ai>jvly them in large Hams Pink Pills. They give a healthy counted.
A small quantity each glow to pale and sallow complexions.
Sold by all dealers and post paid at 50c. a box or six boxes for $2.50 by
addressing the Dr. Williams' Medicine Deposits payable on de-
CULT,VAT.™ DEW ,NTO THE 60,L. |	%%	— D^îf.
notice............
Balance due to London If we could sweep intemperance out agents of the country, there would be hardly soil wet with dew which has been de- poverty enough left to give healthy
posited during the night, as the soil in
spring is much colder than the air. This
dew is condensed moisture in the form
TORONTO, CANADA,
me»
TT
Oulches Thrown Away
1
ONE NIGHT
<’ene Cure. Ask j»jp druggie for It. Pric e ill

YOUNG GIRL IN WALKERTON.
MADE IN ALL COLORS. SOLD EVERYWHERE.
com-
Assets
FvfltfWis%THe knows
THE VALUE OF
75,000 00

The Twentieth Century
f 458,403 58 Enters upon tho heritage of a remedy
that is sure, safe and painless. Put-114,120 01 narn's Painless Corn Extractor never
fails, never causes pain
710,739 05 test disoumfort.
I
I
i
AS A MKTUMEHT MEDICINE.
the sligb- R 0 O F I N R and •heel Metal Works,
| J* Wwr 1 n U ROOFING HI.ATK iu Blech.
Red orOr*# u. SLATE BLACKBOARDS (We euppld ! rv.klle *ti i High Scheoli.Toruoto) Rooflng Felt, Trite £ Oo»J Tar. etc ROOFING Til,I (flee Ne# City Bed# Inga, Toruato, doae by ourlrm). Metal Colli nan, Ce* eioea, eta. Estiinatoa furnihhed for work eemulete or f# materials en lapa* I to any part of tba country rhone If*
CL OUTHlEA SONS, Adelaide AW.dnw Its., ToronlT
nor
A WOMAN'S TONG f JE.
Given a man and a woman of equal . 2,388,448 02 size and weight, then the tongue of
------------the woman is smaller than that of the
$ 0,002,105 14 man.
420,404 73
Bills discounted and current, including advances on call. .
Overdue debts, estimated loss provided for
Real estate.
Mortgages on real estate sold by the bank.
Bank premises.
Other assets not included under foregoing heads.
5
Ut Uiedi
or eipeoh* te
mort disordered Stomach, Lu mg#, Nerves, Liver. Bli Bladder, Kidneys. Brain sod Breath by
HEALTH RESTORED
TAINTS IN MILK
LUBY’S
G ree new life U> ill Hair. It makes it erew __ aud restores tie eelor
Sold by all druggists. 50c. a bottle.
Education is still needed farmers to tone up their ideas methods of producing pure milk, thought with many people is that milk
. 13,524,891 95
27,324 8f7 69,950 24
9,571 19 321,910 74
10.715 70
.	. 205,326 09
Revalante ' Arabica Food.
which Saves Invalids and Children, and also Res re ss4 e#s»fully Infant# whose Alimente end Debility have r» elated all other treatments II digests when #11
Dash, the sprinter, was run over by Food is rejected, saves 60 times lie eeel In meiiOlee
¦ «ïeS.“?,».lr-.wV!krdict, ! 50 Years’ SsSr3
Died from the effects of bad train- Indigestion, Consumption. Diabetes. Bronchitis. InflJl,
enxa, 0 ughs Aitkin a. Catarrh. Phlegm, Diarrhea^ ’ Nervous Debility, Sleeplessness. Despondency.
Du Barry & Co., S?
London, W., also in P*ria, 14 Rue de Caetigliom arj4 at all Oroeers, Chemists, and Store* everywhere, ii ban la., 8.6d., 6e., 6ih„ 14s. Kent tgrrlagi- free. A so 1>S Barry s Revslenta Biscuits, in tine, Ja 6-1 and 6a Arenta fer Canada: The T Kates Ce., I.InnU'd. Toreat#
Du Barry’s
• e
$237,714 14

Dividend 3per cent.,
paid Aug. 1. 1898.345,000 00 Dividend 3 per cent.,
paid, Nov. 1, J8.8 45,000 00 Dividend 3 per cent., paid Feb. 1, 1859. 45,000 00 Dividend 3 per cent.,
paya» la May 1, 9j. 45,000 Ol Written off premise*.
THE VERDICT

I
over
$19,950,529 ea R. D. GAMBLE, General Manager. Toronto, April 29,
ing
bank
.	. 15,000 00

European Plan. Room*
Op* rvpe.
be introduced to ih a? products through

Dominion Bank,

1899

-$195,000 00
'	CROWS USEFUL.
It is estimated that one «row will destroy 700,000 insects every year.
"" j Bedouin Arabs have stolen the Holy Carpet of Mahomet, killing four of the escorts to Mecca.
Balance of profit and loss
forward. .	. 3 42,71414
Two new offices of the Bank have been ojiened during the last year, one a sub-branch m the northern part of the City of Winnipeg and one in the Village of Huntsville.
lu conséquence of the rapidly-increasing business of the Winnipeg office it has been found necessary to have more commodious premises. The Bank has, therefore, acquired a site on the south-west corner of Main and Mc-Dermot streets, upon which a suitable building is being erected.
All branches and agencies of the nk have been inspected during the past twelve months.
carried

Hobbs Hardware Go.

O'KEEFE'S %'S, MALT
Inrkerstee and Hirmphene.
W. LLOYD WOOD. Toroato. GÉNÉRAL AGENT
Fifty Yfur»
MBS. WINSLOW’S SOOTHING SYRUP bas be«L uwd hw mot her* for their ehil > ren teething. It seothei the child, soften* the gums, allays all pain, nirus wind cello, and i« the heel remedy for diarrhoea 25c. a battle. Sold by all dm.guts throughout the world. Be sure and »ik for " Mrs Winslow's Soothing Syrup."
For Over
LONDON


BINDER
HlGHBfT
Grades.
Any man may make a mistake, but none but a fool will continue in it.— Cicero.
TWINE.
Lowest
Prices.
EXPLAINING HER POSITION.
Of course, as a general thing, she | 11 Phftrsoh llp>r>e of°rftab.Q»c said, I don't believe in marrying a I --_ <3s*r Manufacturer
man for money. But marriage is such a lottery, you see, and it's just as well to know for sure that there’s something about him you'll like.
i
Dealers, Ask Fer QuotaWeae.
Dominion Line
ROYAL M STEAMSH!
Montreal end Quebec to Liverpool.
a
MAD ADORATION
IS
Do you really think you love my daughter as a husband should?
Love her ? Why, Î would give up my bicycle for her.
Frank Smith,
President.
Mr. E. B. Osier moved, seconded by Mr. W. D. Matthews, and Resolved, That the report be adopt-
Large and fait Steamers Vancouver, Dominion, Scotsman, Cambreinun. u
reform in their piuctice on penalty of exclusion from the factory.
MONTREAL
Tha <g Balmoral," Free Bus
Rue* of passage First Cahln, $6# upwards . Pecod# Oabln. $Ji . kteerag*. $32 ^0 and $:S 50 For fur'her information apply 'oio-al agents, or
DAVID TOUR A NCI * CO . General
m St.
W P C #77
e<l
A HANDY CATTLE TROUGH
4
gents.
ontrcal
RARE DEVOTION
17 St. *
CALVERT’S
It is often desirable to move cattle troi/Çhs from one place to another
AMBITIOUS MEN
Carbolic Dlwmfec
ment. Tooth Powders, etc., have been awarded 10U modale and diplomas for eupe-ior I with peak sad energy esn secure permanent, profitakkt «excellence. Th*lr regular nee prevent infect!- Foeitlonsaeoer exclusive dealers. Littleeapitai required, omm dieeaetx. Aik your doser to obtain a We have established over SO# yeoagn min paying big-
»»P'r Llrti mailed frc. on app'lction.	STtiSSUSTSSC"fi,»v """
F. 0. CALVERT A CO., j	SÜffSfi£L«i« you.«
ENGLAND	I a better pereen Sage from our goods than !r-.m any otlet
«upbitai. R0KC0 M F C OO., Toronto, Can.
Olnt
t
are too heavy and cumbeisoino to easily handled in moving or loading
3
lent os, wi Mion to th
MANCHESTER
BRASS BAND
Michigan i and fer bale.
BEYOND HIM
Q ooo ACRES 0000 FARMING UNDI-ARFNAO,
O, joeco, Ogemaw and Crawford (ou ntl es Title pei>
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, etc. I	lÎVeMita iiïîads!* atr p*ce” ranging from S3 te#
Every town can have a band. | Kw^TchmïrA sîh2ôiî"tc!?Sd* tnnbîr.orif(m
reasonable term». Apply to
PIKRCt. Agent. West Bay City, Mioh. Or J W. CURTIS, Whitietuurw. Mich.
Lowest prices errr quoted Fine catalogue, 500 Ulus trationa, mailed free. Write us for anything in Music or .Musical Instruments.
i « Toronto, Can.
R. M
WHALEY R0YCE * CO.,
On Trial
MINERAL WOOL
B The Talisman E of Beauty
Captivating I B L'omploxlon
show» how a
' E
WE SEND THE
A
A
Beautiful as a rose leaf ; clear, soft and ret rely as an Infant a. can be obtained. Sent free on application.
THE TALISMAN CO.
77 VICTORIA 8T., TORONTO.
U
U
T
T

Y
Y
CM THE
ANDERSON, FORCE PUMP
ou these terms. No sucker, o| packing. Will last a lifetime. .
For Illustrated Catalogue* address
AYLMER IRON WORK#
J, W. ANDERSON,
Aylmer, Ont
MONTREAL
The 11 Balmoral,” Free Bus (faJftJJ
CONCENTRA 1 ING THE MANURE.
CADMC FOR SALE. - BRUCK COUNTY-
rnnnue Home Great Bargains Apply to JAMES McK STEWART, Drawer 16, Kincardius P.O., Ont.
Sloth makes all things difficult, but industry ,all things easy.—Franklin.
or
CUTTING SCHOOL--™:" ,°r~
The best thing for
they would like
î
C. A D. SCHOOL CO

The Dawsoq Commission Co., Lirr\ited,
Cor. West-Market A Colborne St., Toronte,
Can get you beat prices for your Apples. Butter, Fggs. Poultry, and other produce, if yeu ship It to them.
I I


f 3
m
I '
v -

TORONTO Cutting Sohool offers special advantages
" to all desirous of acquiring * thorough knowledge of Cutting and Fitting Ucutlemeu'e (larmenta Write for particulars.
. UN . ,1k J
: W > '
s
FRANK J. CHENEY. Sworn to before me, and subscribed in niy presence, this tith day of Df eember. A.D. 1886. ¦	A. W. GLEASON.
Notary Public.
0 *
42,714 14
. •-
f *
113 Venge Bt, Teronte.
$25 to I*? we<*k Paid by city houses for all wr**# tv practical cutter. We teach you how to
cut. Write for terms.
0. W. BUNT A GO., Toronto, Tailors
45,000 00

dividends un-
1 à

• y
205 50
f 9
mà
$50.00
Hall » Catarrh Cure is taken internally, and icts directly on the blood and mucous eur- , 141,348 42 fact-KOf iheeyhtem. 8e» d for tehtimonials, free 1
t\ J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo. O y all Druggists. 76c.
Family Pills are the best
Stammerers 55S5
/
Sold b
H all’s
come does not amounts.
year sufficient to make the crop it is applied to, is much better.
47,283 15
_	wliers, writs to
UT. Âîoott, Berlin who will coot loce you be esn cure you
FREE CAMERA.
.$ 3,270,551 21 . 1,329,038 00
.	4,495,018	06
10,799,024 80
56,897 76
reag’arj area
Drag flats, or 881 Queen W. Toronto.
A COMPLIMENT.
Little	Johnny—Mrs. Talkemdown
paid a big compliment to me to-day.
Mother—Did she really ? Well, there’s no denying that woman has sense. What did she say ?
Little Johnny—She said she didn't see how you came to have such a nice little boy as I was.
Notes in circulation
For selling two dozen packages of Toledo Pens at tea cen te a package, we give this Camera. It is made by ths Vais Camera ( o , has » Bausch & Lomb leas, and s shutter that can be used for snap shot or
With it we send rail in-
^ BOON TO BHEUMATIC8 Jnv.tIid-4 tu ferine frmn rheumatic, neuralgia or sciatic pains or nrrvou* troubles, can tint! relief and a prr muunut cure through * course yf bath' ,u Hit- natural ru phur hath* of Pie-ton Kates, including board, lodging, bag», etc , fiom *4 iwr weak up Apply to II U. EDGAR, Mgr, Preston. <>,.t
Any one who gets out at work on the fields early in summer will find the leaves of plants and even the surface
tines exposures, structioas, so that a child of ten years can make, after a little experience, pictures almost as good as those taken by high-priced cameras. Many cameras are sold separately, and the purchases has to buy the outfit afterward. We give the complete outfit, as shown, wita every camera. The outfit consiste efi
"Yale" Camera, 1 Package Develops*
Dry PI*tea	1 Set Dlrectioas.
IT# require no money toad ranee. Send us your name and addrea*, and we will for war# the Pena, which you sell for us. Then return the money to us, and your Camera will be forwarded, all ohasgee paid.
Toledo Pen Co. Dept g., Toronte, Cen.
#
819,956,529 83
WHITE’S PH0SPH0 SODA
exercise to the charitable impulses — Phillips Brooks.
An Iflerveecieg Phosphate, eioellf at cleanser for liver, kldu-y and stouaoh, takes the place of ooal tar prepara-tiene in esse of headache, its effect is immediate. Sold ky all druggists. In 10c. 25c. 50c and $1.00 packages Queen Olty Drug Be., 27* Wellington-et. 1

Box
Why Suffer?
When there is such a good remedy aa Nerviline for all kinds of pain. It cures neuralgia in five minutes; toothache in one minute; lame back at one application; ? headache in a few moments; and all pain just as rapidly. Give it a trial.
, Toronto.
of steam, which has taken from the air some ammonia and so ne carbonic gas. Jt is, therefore, softer than rain water and also richer in manu rial ele-m nls. If the dew ia left uncultivat* ed it evaporates when the sun gets up high enough to shine on it, and all this fertility vanishes into thin air. We know farmers who get their teams out
to cvlt vating corn and potatoes while Intellect is the starlight of the both th* soil and plants are wetwi*h brain.—N. P. Willis.
Catholic Prayor em*ee, •otyuian,
Reli*ious Picture», Statuary, and Church Ornemente, Edueatieaal Worka, Mall erdere receive premyt att
-	0. Ad. IADLII* A 00., Montreal.

rr 4,
HuU-
3vood* Photo. Encravisg,
^ J.LJONCS LNG
%-n.io ami \im v> vtofokto'



###PAGE###8###

7
(
J
k
\
(
GENT8 WANTKD-FOU “THE LIFE | Another Mining Deal.	I The number of homeateads taken up in
and Achievements of Admiral	—	Manitoba and the North-West Terntor-
heeroey,lly >l!i™t% aklten.F,r<‘ti”t life km:	Mr- Leopold Meyer, of Ottawa, acting iee during the 6 rat five months of this
friend and admirer of the nation's idol. Bit fbr an American and Canadian syndicate | year warn 2,689,
ran nil r AD ta nrilT I are expected of it. Mr. Meyer is a well- "ord# w#re ®al^e	*n ourein8 the
I UK SALE OR TO RENT I known mining engineer, and is associated | hangman and constable.
*	I with the Grand Calumet Mining 0om« |	----
flow is The time to Subscribe for
SNAPS IN WATCHES.
?8
A
They’re
Good-
Fitting
and
Always
Reliable
McGU IRE'S SUITS
Aiv tin* Rest— TRY THEM!
8<
.. PRICES.
His last
Solid Silver Case, 7 Jewels, Waltham,. .$ 7.00
« * «11 •
« 15
«•
8.50
«I

Very I^irge St ok of Tweeds, Serge and Worm ted so choose from.
“ " .. 10.00 P. 8. Bartlett 13.00 " Crescent 8t
No
AT
N
pany
M
•* 17 N 17
Disappoint men ta. Always ready on lime.
M
28.00
Nickel cases In place of silver are $2.00 less 20 year gold filed case* are $6.00 more than the silver cases; For Instance, a watch In •liver case worth $7.00 would be worth $18.00 in a 20 year gold filled, or $16.00 in a 26 year
UPPER THORNE CENTRE, QUE„
PROPERTY LATELY OCCVPIKD BY
H. Newham,
Consisting of one acre of land on which i. I Cknrdm, met this day for tho twpoae Gold filled cases are the "Jas Ross” case I built *	of engaging school teachers, and other
and the guarantee Is stamped	Into the metal	n	0,.	... „	10#Ia	business. Members present; Ralph Hod-
ofthecaee. together with the	maker’s name. I	building	»hx.i(>	with addition	1-xK ,	gins, Chairman; Commissioners, Tims.
used aa a	store and dwelling.	Prendergast, James C. Armstrong, W.
Building	2<>x00	(2 stories) used as a	C. McDowell, Robert Smart,
etore-house^^^^^	I Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by Thus. Prendergnst, seconded by James C. Armstrong, that the min
CLARENDON 8. COMRS.
Town Hall, Shawville, June 20tlt, 1899. The Board of School Commissioners of
case
We
This Paper.
Better to load
than to follow.
Guarantee
Every-
Thin#
We
Make-
V
Support the Enterprise that belongs to your section and advocates your Interests.
WE LEAD
GOODWYN,
There is also erected on property a summer kitchen, woodshed and oil house.
Conveniently situated for a General I aÏV llvvv1,y confirmed. ( arrivd jgtore	Engagement of teachers proceeded with
^	*	and the following teachers engaged : No.
1 school, Jennie Armstrong; No. 2, Maggie E. Corrigan; No. 3, Flora Currie; No. 14. Mabel Armstrong; No. 5, Jennie (’urine; No. 7, to la* supplied; No. 8, Annie " Stevenson; No. 9, Miss Ardley; No. 10,
mnn UÏTT T ETEPWDIP Pf] Miss Sly; No. 11, Misa McFarlane; No. mil HULL LLljUllllU UU, ^ Willett» Armstrong; No. 13, Miss
I Stevenson; No. 14, to bo supplied.
Here the Board adjourneduntdlp.m., Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes in I Qf Thursday, 29th inst
the morning and fifteen minutes in the after I
noon, dally, Sundays included.
HAWYILLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOfyl SMITH, Proprietor.
s
life» of last meeting as now read be and
For Genuine Good-fitting, Up-to-date
Suits, see
McGUIRB.
The Watchmaker,
— SOLE AGENT —
ARN PRIOR, ONT.
We sell the Famous
TYKE SERGE.’
For particulars apply to

W. W. IRELAND or, J. II. SHAW,
The spot spot for—
Shawville, Que
A Fashionable Hair Citt, Good Shamimhi, or A Clean Shave.
To PATENT Good Ideas
may be secured by our aid. Address.
THE PATENT RECORD, ' Baltimore. Md
THE BEST IS CHEAPEST.
If? Your Turn next
Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY of Ottawa.
Articles to t>e lanndried forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
H. Maiheson, Sec.-Treasurer
I
l
is
HNoab
PORTAGE DU FORT
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
British-German Treaty not to Include Canada.
are nneanallefl in Quality and
OTTAWA 4 GATINEAÜ Ri
Heir Fences are Ha Best.
ROLLER MILL
Toronto, June 22.—Following it a Sec. Treat. I tpecial cable to the Globe, dated London,
Eng., June 21 : The German Reichttag today passed a provisional commercial act instituting a commercial agreement with Great Britain for the period of one
W. K. TAYLOR.
i
CHANGE OF TIME
Sommer time card ae below will take «flfect May 15th, 1899.
1 Train Leave Ottawa........,5.20 p.m
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa.......9.00 a m
No. 3 Train Leave Ottawa........8.00 a.m
No. 4 Train Arrive Ottawa ......6.45 p.m
No. 5 Train Leave Ottawa........1.80 p.m
No. 6 Train Arrlve Ottawa.......8.15 p.m,
No. 7 Train Leave Ottawa........».80a.m,
No. 8 Train Arrive Ottawa.......7.38 p.m.
Noe. 1 and 2, dally except Sunday.
Nos. 3 and 4 daily except Saturday and Sunday.
Nos 5 and 6 Saturday only.
For tickets and further Information apply I	Egypt, June ‘22. It is announc*
to E. C. Arnold!, Ticket Agent, 9l Spark ed that the Khalifa has been defeated
st., or 3i Central ChJ^^rs^ouawa.	with heavy losses by the natives friendly I Denver, Colo., June 22.—According to
Gen’l SupH. to the British. It is added that he has rej>orta received by Secretary Martin, of
fled to the woods with a few followers and | the National Live Stock Association, continued drought has nearly destroyed the large Colorado ranges. Hundreds of cattle and sheep are reported dying in the San Louis Valley. Northern New Mex-. ico, parts of Oklahoma, the Indian na-Rival Camp Meeting’s Resulted | tions, Western Kansas and Southern
Utah also report the ranges almost bare, and it is feared the loss of cattle will be
IS AGAIN IN GOOD WORKING
ORDER FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF
GENERAL NEWS.
No
Hardware merchants sell these goods and can supply you. If they fail, you write the manufacturers at Picton.
THE B. GREENING WIRE CÔTGenTÂgts., Hamilton and M ontreal.
SOLD ALSO BY CANADIAN HARDWARE JOBBERS.
year
It provides that Canada shall not receive moat favored nation treatment. No action however was taken towards demanding certificates of origin of Nationality, as the Agrarians wished.
KHALIFA WAS DEFEATED
First class Flour
Natives Friendly to the British Inflict heavy Loss and drive him to the Woods.
A Call Solicited
JOSEPH BROWN,
Drought in Colorado
Proprietor.
BinderTwine.l^MINION DAY
CELEBRATION
At Shawville
.. IHUNNIJJC Afm TROTTING RACES !
LACROSSE M/VCH !
FOOT AND BICYCLE R^CES !
all
that his capture is imminent
Pontiac Pacific Jonction Ey.
FOUGHT OVER RELIGION
o
Official Time Table :
Formers, wr ran deliver any quantity of pure Manila Binder Twine at your door in either Clarendon, Bristol, Thorne or Leslie at the following prices :
in Bloodshed.
AM
5.45 Leave
Aylmer
fBrKarti\ey8e " p.oè I Vancouver, B, C., June 26.—Three | heavy barkers Crossing	8..r*8 rival factions of the Indian community at
: S	I bubonicplaoub. Sampson, 10i cents a lb
S. : a SSf It'S aarSTBAS » »“	A“°« «“ Blue Star 9 “
^cfWk* *	7.52 with her. A few weeks ago the Indians
*	so that soon they had the camp about
equally divided among them. This condition of affairs resulted in a serious riot Saturday, in which many Indians were injured, but none killed,
Arrive 9 45
6 00
6.12
41
1
i
6.18
II
II
6.26
•«
6.37
6.47
• «
6.56
• i
6.58
7.04

7.26
«•
;
it
91 “
Red Star Standard
el
7.45
8.00
8 03
el
81“
II
(Lion Brand)
Terms—Cash on delivery
8.12
•«
8.30
ii
8.47
O
Farmers’ Race, trotting or pacing, best 3 iq 5 heats, (funning Race, best 3 in 5 treats,
3-Minute Trot or Pace, best 3 in 5 treats,
Open to Ho
Free For All, trot or pace, best 3 in 5 treats,
Purse $18. Purse $10. Purse $30.
Send in your orders (a post card will do) stating quantity and brands desired and we will deliver Twine in July.
Board of Health on the report of bacteriologists that a death occurring three days before was due to the bubonic plague. #
“ The Nippon Maru had a death aboard among the Chinese passengers from Hong Kong shortly before reaching Nagasaki. May 26th. The Japanese health authorities decided that the suspicion of the death being due to the plague was so strong as to warrant putting the vessel in quarantine and crema ting the body.
“ The vessel was in quarantine until TfiâChfîrS WSfltPH
Sau Francisco, June 21.-A letter	June 3rd. It then proceeded to.Yoke-	——
from Dawson dated May 20:h says the	hm.m, le«v,ng there for this port June 8. UTwo Protesto.it Teachers for Nos. 1 and
.—.......	gggsSS s%ss" "
LIMITED TRAINS 21.2 HOIRS. ."d H^kJ^rwU ^chTer^placfl- considered the syrnptems an suspicious
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:-	Cally un worked last season, have been de-	enough to warrant flying the yellow Hag
Local-stops at all in- «mlnned tr, . rnn«idnrahi« prinni w:»l	when the steamer neared this port and of
«aaêïs
ESfETStit	*- ~ ./.«rtraas sja
Uchea‘	Lo,.., _ f„ Rock!lnd the district, has also showed up well.	---- JOHN H. LAIRD,
#	and intermediate nts. The portion of Dawson which was de	Shutting off Steam.	Bristol, Que.
Limited- Stops Alezan- etroyed by fire on April 25th is rapidly
•	dria and Coteau Jet. hein? re-huilt only. Arrives Montreal 6.50 p. m. fullman parlor Dyin° re DUl,t*
car attached. Connects with trains for Quebec,
Portland, Halifax and all points east of Montreal.
%% i wall will bb levelled
Boston 7 a. m„ New York 7.20 a. m. Has through
Ottawa to New York.
Local—stops at intermedi-• ate stations. Arrive Montreal 9.45 p. m. Connects at Coteau Jet. for Corn-
^LtoKiïÆuT°r0,lt0' Chk’*°’etC- H“ Pullm“ Chicago, June 26.-The Time Herald [ sir ?"
T...^.tot^c.g^_	-I	the e.-
*	n271-Yo^ n."w	Vh‘ne8e. government contemplates the	The advertiser who	thinks of discon
BngUnd an! New York point.,	MontroU. leaving it	destruction of the ancient Chinese wall	tinuing may argue, “	We have been ad- Province of Quebec
ïïï i	’Z	êsE* "-rBz	mxpSS z az a	wafew.........
3» i^»lv	UUit Montreal and pu.	sls 111 tearing down the famous struct-	we intend to advertise	again when bust-	log of proprietors of real	estate	will	be
Z7Z
Toronto “d poin" WMt- H“ Poltaan caption, and is independent of Russia, coal Tlie point is, however, that when	of °®«« has expired, and Hugh
^	Gertnan or French influence. The cost the engine to be started again, ten “SH?- who ia removing from the Munlcl-
. z.. £L^p,^r^. ï.iMr.irJtïpo*-
TO and from THE west.	ec‘’	worth the candle, and 1 antic:- Using up reserve force never pays.	nine.
„ , ,	“ceP‘ aaD<u>'l	P»te there will be a sharp competi- It is a lo88, however it may be looked
Trm„Me.ve Ottawa Cent»! Depot :	"on.	.,	t	I at. The buying public is prone to for-
iJME&KS.	| a JS tKsysLTjs
4.25 P.M.	I	1	OUt’ I lng ««ny.-Money Maker Magazine, Province of Quebec, \
Ry^ Barry • Bay, Miwiawaiikaiujd intoi-mediau pu. a rrinch syndicate, and three (rerman Chicago.	Municipality of Clarendon. I
1 Alfik* 1	ÎKut: V P	“	__________ Public notice is hereby given thatameet-
10.30 A.M; bmk". ^Elmuvmp' m»nl T he Chicago syndicate tfl said to have	ing of proprietors of real estate, w ill he
fiew, Anipriorand intonmdiau piinu. '	such men hack of it as the Armours, Vancouver, B. v., June a».—1 he Can- held on Monday, the third day of the For Prize List, Race Programmes, and all information concerning the Exhibition,
-«”¦ -™- 1 „ - - — „
Mr. J. M. Macoun of the Geological rived at an agreement whereby a joint C. McDow'ell Esq., w hose term of office exSurvey, has been appointed forestry it * -line will be laid to connect the famous pires.
Tic kets to Earopeand all parts of the world by all pector for Canada and has been commie* ! Boundary Creek mining camp of British Liven at Slmwville thisSoth day of June,
Am^cn and C.Mduu, .Uam.hip lion, .1» Cook". ,ioned to prepare an exhibit of woodr, Columbia with the equally famous Wash- »ue thousand eight hundred and ninety
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
i#r All orders must be in before July 6th in order to insure early delivery .
owned In the County of Pontiac,
CANADA ATLANTIC
Purse $35.,
Address
E. T. MARTIN, Upper Thome Centre.
Much Gold in Clean-up.
Entries to be in Secretary's hands before June 30th.
Eût For fuller particulars, as to condition! \ etc., see large posters.
ADMISSION TO GROUNDS, 25 CENTS. CHILDREN 15 CENTS.
J. H. SHAW,
Chairman of Committee.
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT MAY 1st, 1899.
YUKON GOLD OUTPUT LAST YEAR WILL BE MORE THAN DOUBLED THIS SEASON.
R. L. WHITMAN,
Secretary.
NEW SERVICE, MODERN EQUIPMENT
Trains daily between
Central Canada Exhibition Association.
Twelfth Annual
/'
Otter Lake, Que
Straved-
a 6.25 A.31
EXHIBITION
At OTTAWA, ONT
September 11 to 23, 1899,
a 8.45 A.31
Montreal 11.15 a.m. Pullman
9
a 9.40 A. 31 a 4.20 P.31
Tenders Wanted.
44 Shall we stop our advertising for a while now ? ”
This is a question which some business i rpENDERS for the completion men are apt to ask themselves, particular I„ °nd floor and stairs of the exhibition
ly in the summer, or during what they fcim,	°Lïa %*«
regard as their 41 dull season.	I5th<lay of July next. Work to be c >mp e>
Bummse your engineer asked you :	edP?^.and OcUm?. c% Ke TL.
Shall I stop putting coal on my fires, | office of i)r. Alexander, Shawvill*
JOHN YOUNG
of the sec
(2) TWO WEEKS 1	(2)
«3fF.fi
China’s Historic Fence to Com©
Down.
l
\
\
This Exhibition is second i-re.id.nt. | none ^ Canada for................................
E. GRAHAM.
Sec. Trees

<
a 7.46 A.M a 11;20 A.M
LIVE STOCK ACCOMMODATION. QUALITY OF EXHIBITS, and EXCELLENCE OF ATTRACTIONS.
Public Notice-
» »»
i
IV
Grounds extended and several new buildings erected since last Exhibition.
$1500 added to Prize List this year, principally in Live Stock Department.
$3,000 offered in purses for Horse Races.

V
Ottawa Amprior, & Parry Sonnd By
H. LANG,
Sec.-Treasurer.
Public Notice.
Spectacular :	“ Bombardment of Pekin.”


Specially reduced rates on all lines of travel.
Central Depot Russell House Block

Gome First Week and avoid the Rush.
e______________________ ____________ _________ ____________________ _______I Given at Shawville this 20th day of June,
sioned to prepare an exhibit of woodr, (Columbia with the equally famous Wash- one 1 housand light hundred and ninety
matheson.
.Sec.-Treasurer.

WM.HVTCHISON, M. P„
b. McMahon,
etc., representing Canadian timber to le ingUm Camp. The line will be about 35 Eeat to the Paris Exposition in 1900. I miles long*
a Train* run daily excei t Sunday
b Sunday only.
36 Sparks St.



	
