###PAGE###1###
I
\
I
z
No. 19
10TII	Y K \ Ii.
SÏIAWVIIJÆ, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, OC'J
;i, 1901
SI.00 a Yeah
in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
LOCALS THAT PAY
J
LOCALS THAT PAY
If you are In need of g kit d, read Stewart** i
dentist. < e ron h tun My In attendu vpt ''<ij of lii-kf • v .
! vinlfcr, (hunting simsmoii.)
" $0,000,000. The. most complete and wi
mitt*and gloves ever shown m
- 2 600 000 now at Stewart’s boot and thoe m
f WANTED Ho
Apply to Mr
I lead OfTi*#
t’ni'Ui! Hiil
OTTAWA, CANADA
.......tWWMtf)
un
FUR GOODS.
OP CANADA.

l
Dr. Mi: Plu
f A
wul
iter.
a
Hett
¦
J
FOR SALE A
fi'sOM, ntiltnbU» f<
work, weigh a ki
Apply to VVa
Hoard of Director» :
Mbari.es Magee, Esq., President. George Hay, wg.,'Vice-President.
Hop- Qw>* HKVaox. Jr.	Johs Math**, Khq
ÀLKiYA:* *n&.	Davii» MacLaren, K*
L/b. * * .i'im

l!t
CAPITAL - -RESERVE FUND,

f
1 h
If you want ph dren I ad vise you
Coupon and Local Tic kets to all part* j l!M‘'***/• 1 cr» % of the^xvorld. All Information cheerfully t,0,,‘
..... L%c:r.,
ou are pay lug and ur work we guarantee ed. XVe nell you tonij traits. The lient on!v. ou hand.

Head Office, - Montreal,
OBOROEBURN D. M. FINN) K
Onmti Manager
.. .. Manager.
We are now opening up a large and complete range of Fur Goods, consisting of the newest and best goods in : : following lines : : :
8wms Death.—Mr. James Hecvci,	COURT. •	„	I
J££SV?i&Fi Sfiitf	S‘IZZ Ladies' Sacl>ues’ “ Electric Seal, Coon,
SRtiS rÆJti: «aw.5%	Astracha”- Cap*, Caperines, Collars
Euffs’ Ca»s and ** in all the fash-
ceased had gtine to Mud Lake, about .10 to nettle the quest ions to he asked the	iOH&folf* fnra
imles^ from tort Cou lunge, on a hunting jVry ,n t,Hi trial of the action. Mr. T. P	ctUlt? IUrS.
tour, accompanied by his nephew, Dr. Forai nip neared for the defendant com.......... w "Elpç^rz !§iÉ§Ei§	L^,tian*Bueuo’
Mitchell, aged fourteen months.	friend* in Litchfield, returned on Mon- him. He was found siftin'on his boat In the case of MouN.Vau vs. Mousseau,
According to the estimates of a well- ï ist*	in an almost exhausted condition. He was Mousseau**^foTl^paration S’ bed ami	I « -	.
known Ottawa medical man, sonic seven	Men must	ho at a premium in Chicago. ‘»nmociiaueiy takcri to camp and every re- boanl, $40,00 a month Alimony and k'-j.w JTtOD6S	111	GrAV Anri Rlanlr Clnot
thousand five hundred people have boon A Chicago woman him married tho sanie * "14Hxe applied, hut without avail, and (,f,s!s the oquette of the case. The I	*	^ vTOdU) XvOCKy
vaccinated m that city.	man three times.	he expired in utx>ut five minutes. Dr. PiaihUti alleges 111 treatment, infidelity	"Poor Mrn
Perrigo brought the body to Fort Cou- 11,1(1 ,nsu*A which defendant denies in ta-	-oert/i, <Xv.
, Mrs. Phillips, of North B«y, visited Hock wood Aeyltim, JCingeton, has hsi |l<mge Sunday, where he was ioined liv .Mr	. iH. / 10n allowed plaintiffs mo-1
fc* »oek with ,lw brother the Mussr, 072	.Jurhuc .h. ye.r. 4* .e,o div J. H Reeve., Urmter, PeuL.ke, L „f was r^uTd in	^	-------
Ynum; at Lnstol, and left h-r home the ebsrse 1. 44 died, .ml two eloped.	the deceased. Thy remains were taken for the |,,ay,nent of alljunv. .lnCit OllT' FllVO QT-o	j ,
«......................
......	,, „ „^rs wMaj“r\‘"£ - Î^SSISS. ZSJnsü:	guarantee every article to
Mr. Archu McLean, of har Jloy, re- ummg *o London. No doubt tiny have mg father. The children arc Eleanor was tot down for hearing, was transferred	hn 4-1-, ^	"U. _ _ j	-, -,
turn-.d homo recently, after a sojourn of heard that Mr. Bouraasa has decided to (Mrs. Purvis) Redlands. Colorado • L.l.n to Hull for argument by agreement, of îht	Lil^ UtvSu UrOCU Y8i Dl ft Pi,
,,	: < the price. : :
AftÆSÊir=.u*	.... irr'TZ.......................,, ,h	Ask any of our customers about our Furs.
.	,	,	,	,	Mr.lftrtc, ‘once and forever.	does Qnyon, lose he. oldest inhabitant, £nda,,t. Mr. C. !. Brooke represents
A v,nnge of time on tho Ottawa North- ^	I aid its virgin forest* under tribute.	action. Judge Hochon ordered tin
ern uud Western Iiy’s fill and winter A (îananoijue young woman had her The deceased, ns to whose cx-.ct age no	'li '/u iii rSin,!'!
time table comes into effect	o*	Octo-	nome broken recently while	watching a	documentary evidence is forthcoming waa	cast* will he tak«*n up next term. *m lh#
bor 7th. See ad. in this i.ssue.	baseball xmatch. And yet	she didn't	unduuhtly of great age, firohaldy judging	This being the first occasion on which
want to leave tho grounds so	excited was	from her personal knowledge supplied	Judge Haehon has presided over the Supe-
We have received the report of the Sun-	she over the contest.	by the evidence of contemparies veri/imr	, ior Co,lrt at Bryson since his elevation
ü.........................................................................................................................................
awisted by local talent, at Klliott’s Hall,	Then to stimulate	his imagination iii	ne<j ^”1® ^	Hen jam ini Bean in the	cntS ftn«l it his intention at the	next
Shaw ville, on Hallowe’en night. Admis	the future, a fine	of fifty dollars was	^°A1	'	1	Hien moved to Quyoo,	session of the Ontario Legislature	to try
sion 25 and 35 cents, (set your reserved imixxsod.	then a centre of great activity in the to have a bonus granted for a road run-
seats at Shaw’s. Don't miss it.	I	1lun? er tra<le, where they opened a hotel, ning from Pembroke through the Tps.
r, .	,	. j i î Among the "appointments gazetted in *not long ago retained its prestige of Pembroke, Westmeath and Ross, to
v.Liimmmn mothers tie red ribbons jilsfc jflSue c f the Ontario Gazette are Wm	^ & house of call for the lumbermen on	connect	with the P.	P. J. Ry. at Bryson
around their children 8	f,u ,ktJtF F*ul McEvven, of Almonte, to t>e local	tr*f>s up and down the river, but	Portage	du Fort.	If	this bonus is
them out of harm, but you coulddn t keep I registrar, clerk of the county court and	^ several days the home of royalty,	«ranted,	we will	be	able to reach
e axeiivgo bhaw ville youngster out of I registrar of su-rugate for the County of	ou	Hie occasion of the hunting trip	Fortage	du Fort in	one	hours time, any
mischief if you biund it ham! and foot	Lanark, to succeed	Charles Rice, deceas- the l>ukc of Connaught, at that	day after Oc*. 18th, 1901—2 years	from
with a logging chum.	ed. p c Dowdall,	of Almonte, to be	jinown as Frinoe	Arthur, to the wilds of
Mr. J. J. Turner, auctioneer, has tmen	clerk of	the sixth division court of	Thorne. Tin's episode, the recollections	Is the	Observer not	aware	that the P.
instruced by Mr. Daniel O’Brien, Moor-	Lanark.	,	which never faded from the inemojy of	F. J.	Ry. Co.,	holds a	charter to	extend
head, to sell by public auct on all his m, . .	,	. .r XT. ,	the old lady was commorated by a largo tliat road fiom «haw ville via Bryson to
farm inplementsand effects, on Thursday, | ^ ^	death of Mr. Nicholas Flood panting of tho royal arms, which for Pembroke, and are to receive a money
November 14th, at 1 o’clock, sharp. For ,	18. deeply deplored, lie was a long years graced the walls of her parlor, grantor the same when built. Thii vision-
particular» see bills.	whole souled Irish genius, with marked	| which unfortunately w, s consumed	ArV	railroad	in the	interest of	Mr.	Munro
. ability, but lacked the power to utilize	B’ijh many of her othei cheri bed souv-	j will	nut	go	down	worth a cent	with the
i he tiro rangers from tho forest re- his gifts to a success in life. Mr. Bavin orders when the house fell a i> vy to the f honest ta mers of the above named serves of the Ontario Government imd	was a.scholar of more than	ordinary at-	devouring flames. Mrs. Bean, who al-
from the Temiscaminguo district have all	taiumonts,	a fluent speaker	and a genial	">ya remained a resident nf the Uuyon.
been ordered in b/	the	Crown	Ijands	soul, and yet his life ended in sadness,	retired into private life a good many
Department. There	is	no	further	fear	His remains were interred m Beech wood	years ago, taking up residence with her
of tires now this season.	cemetery, Ottawa.	only daughter, Mrs. Hutchinson,
It has been decided by tho officers of „	_	_ ,	wilh two grandchildren are tho only sur- . Syduey, Nova Scotia, had a dis.Htmm
the Radford Kilte Association to hold the Hull Criminal Court.-R » expect- ymng members of the family. The fare lecenily. and where large and Couiah-shoot for the Bryson Challenge Cup on	Î!1 that a mtm* <)f f'ie <	ourt of Queen's	funeral took place on Tusday at	St.	mg meicat,rile establUhmeriLB stood there
the Mi of November next Members	Bench Ul bo held in	the new Hull	Johns chunk, the incombent Rev.	W.	ta now nothing but smoldering ruine.—
are advised to watch for the official no-	Colirfc	JJm,se	galwnit	November	F- FitzGerald, N. A., officiated, resisted	G.tizens and firemen all fought vj^o--
tice m the next issue of this paner	r0^1*	If tho session	is held	it	will	lie a	by Rural Dean Smith.—Advance	oudy to stay the progress of the time
regarding rules etc tmvernim/ the cum- !?.ng otl^ tho dock?t > » heavy one. T	------ Sh..rtiy h-forb 2o’clock on Saturday cf
I>etition.	’ ^ b	J There has been no sitting of the court Laid to Rust.—It is oui painful duty last week the alarm was souuded. cnl it
¦	' *	for twenty months owing	to the destruct-	to have to chronicle tho death of a high-	was not bmg before the ci iz tie of Sydney
•e regret to announce the death from	ion of the court, house in the tiro on April	|>* respected old lady in tho person	of	realized that the greatest co: fhgiatiun
appendicitis in Wisconsin on the 13th	20th, 1900. Frank Wabcy, Indian, and William*, wife of Mr	F E. Blair,	in the	history of the town was about to
October, of David Hewer, second son of	Stanislaus Lacroix, of Montbello, will bv	who died at	her residence	in Q j yon	Zurich	forth in all its fury, and all
• Mrs; James Henderson, of Billerica, at	arraigned on murder	chartes.	from the effects of a paralytic seizure,	*ccouat of the overturning of an oil itore
tho age of 24 years. The funerid took	which terminated fatally on Thursday,’	in the large furniture store of Gordon &
place from the residence of Mrs. Hen-	Sr it for $21,000.—An action to re-	October 17t-h.	The funeral took place on	Keith,	ou the wesern side of Charlotte
demm to Norway Bay Cemetery. The	cover $21,000 was entered in the snjw-	Saturday, tho'	services being	held at the	+'rco*,	which was being used for melting
Rt-v. Mr. Morris n perbmed the fun- rior court, Hull, recently, Tho plain- Methodist church, the Rev. J. B. Robe j^lue. The l '#a is estimated at $J00,000. oral ceremony.	. tiff is Col. Audet, of Ottawa, and the do- son officiating, interment taking place in
T1 ,	. fondant Herbert C. Iiamond. Mr. J. the Anglican cemotery on Saturday. Many
4 lie ( read hand nf death has again M. McDougall, who is acting for plaintiff, sympathizing friends despite the inclem i y<i oitr village and carried ofl one of refuses to rmiko any statement regard- ont weathet j ined the sorrowing rela uost promising of our you - g men. ing the affair at present. It is under- tivea in rendering this last tribute to the o< i t Murray finnwgan, eldest son of Utood, however, that the case arises out memory of tho departed. The deceased 1 \ ' IC,cfwd r innigan, aged 22, passed uf the settlement of the c- lebrated Wnl- waa (12 years of age and leaves her bus ^ 'ly vn Friday evening the 26th, about ker estate, in which the ownership of baud and one son to mourn her loss.
•m- mg.it. He had been suffering from mining lands near Buckingham u severe attack of typhoid fever for about volved. three weeks, and owing to some inward | cotnplieation of the case grew weaker and weaker. During tho last few days he suffered a great deal. Mr. anil Mrs i n r i iigan and family have tho Ry in path es ! nl1 persons in this their hour of great j vmioont. The funeral took place on 4Iat'lril,iy afternoon by tho doctor’s or * <t« owing to the nature oi the disease, buried by tho Ven. Archdeacon 0 or in St. Paul’s cemetery, and a grt-a- number of relatives and friends
attended.
un

yihg fron "bat value v
Bfeiirhr* î
IN ONTARIO
Kfewntin. kempt v Ile, MatUwn, Ottawa,
Vnvthlng yon want in the line of glove* >' imttH tu lie lmd at Stew Art’s hoot and nhoe store. An lninieus
i recelt
SIIAHVILLE «RANCH,
Money loaned on approved security at | from, reasonable rates.
Ferme re notes bought and collected
Money transferred to all parts of the world. I M1"nrb ; Campbt - Bay the second : Fort
Cuuionge the third ; and Shawvilie the
fourth week*
or
r money refund ?<* framed Samples
Alexandra,
ÀMipnur,
Lanark. Tarry Pem>.
Knl Portage, Winchester,
do Bank St. Kmfrr* Pla-'e, do Kid* un Ht. Toronto, Hawkeibury, Yaaktoek Hill, timiUi'e Kail*
IN MANITOBA :
I
por*
u wa > h H. I Mi'ON.
Bouiul,
mke,
nr#
MM&ridgl,
Oarleton
Dr. Stackhouse, Burgeon Dentist, wifi l>e at Bryson tho first week
lo
n ^ ,, ,	¦—?« I ontmc House.
Our cabinet** compete with any in the city, both In price and finish, a trial sol.
H. iMisoN.
each
HA VINO 9 BANK.
Accour'i opened for amount* of one dollars and upward* and Interest allowed.
Okficb Hours
HATUKDA TS ,
DuCphln
Winnipeg
Farlag® La Prairie
IN QUEBEC:
,	Hull,
Shawlnlgan
Ageeti In Canada, New Yuik and Chlcago-Ilank of Montre»!.
Agent* in Ht. Paul - Merchant* Nat Bank.
Agent* In London, Eng.—Parr* Bank Ltd.
MoPtml
LiV'hi.t»

10 a.U. T 10 A M. TO 1 !' M.
K. A. PARKER, Manager
P.M
)
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Miss I a vin a CampSofl, of Bristol, wae visiting friends m town on Monday.
Mrs. John Clarke, of Ottawa, spent n few days in Shnwville last week visiting her sister-in-law, M. John A. Cowan
I
Ladies’ Cloth Jackets.
Have a look over Ladies’ Cloth Jackets. We are showing a range of goods
u'ny attention of careful buyers.
wor-
J. H. SHAW
Mr
/
%
t

Stop
%
2
éc
;*4
m
That
A

townships
1,1
Big Fire in Sydney
!
/
who

Cough
K
Or it will soon stop you.
on
OUR BOTTLE OF
" WINTER’S INSTANT COUCH CURE. "
has cured others. Why not cure you?
Heavy Weights
PRICE-------25 CENTS.
Bethlehem, Pa., Ocv Reinhard, probably the heaviest Pennsylvania, died suddenly of heart di «ease today at his hou e in Ba*h here, aged 70 years
23. —Daniel man in
rear Mr. Reinhard
is m
Which would you rather keep, your Cough or the 25 cents our Cough Cure costs. Which is cheaper.
Éiisêii iiilili teïfsmi
undern ath a paint pail. He turned 'the loth in*t., the jury bringing in tho ful-
to Mr. C. Bryson. It is lowing onen verdict :— t was taken by the safe 11 That the deceased William Liddle rs, Martin and Smith, f . the Scott can	d. ath between 7p.m.oa
«.fe in the grocery department and that Oct. 3, and 11.30 a. m , Oct. 5, 1801,1 The Cirudi.n No,them railway ii,. •t was placed underneath the pad by them, at or near the font of Lyon street in the from Stnrgeon Fall, to Fort France will • when they found that tliey had no chance C ty of Ottawa, hut by what mena the not be completed until D,conic of esc iping.—Citizen. .	1 jury hate no evidence to show.”	aie scarce.
whom are living. Eight marble cutters and al!‘«if	PHI
markable physique, runs weighing lei*
than 300 pounds.
t < i his tons are them are of re
money over thought that
THE DRUG STORE.
He
was
%
Men
I


A
«


À

###PAGE###2###
7
1

I 4
I This is tho
< » s.-.	pHB
of his people and strove to make »j* them understand tho full meaning of y their national life and its possibitl ties. That life had i | swept awn v
save for Alfred’s resoluteness.
ALFRED AND HIS PEOPLE
< ?????	$••>??•?•******* I mummer and sorghum fodder, kafir
corn and corn fodder in winter. The | main crop of calves is dropped from " I September to Hay. They are not nl-X lowed to run with the cows, but ere turned in twice a day to suck, and are taught to oat as soon as possible. I feed tho calves a ration of oats, bran and corn meal with less ! good hay in winter.
At weaning time the bulls are cut
FOLK WHO DEAL 3 FRYERS
for Alfred's
3
reason he was a representative

KING ALFRED f THE GREAT. IGreat E^ils6man'
t


ON THE FARM, i
Character and Work of the
HOW THE
BHITiSH , LIONS OF PEOPLE
«AICE
D
$
t
almost been it would have fallen
I
?
SAVE THE MEADOWS.
They Love to Pay Homur to a Hero—How Famous Oanatals
are Treated.
Just now the German Crown Prince
.London; Though ho i, mesont « iily in a private capacity, the offl-
, , Rating being postponed for a
A!'°fJ)tCCrJ0n But th0 ""me
1)0 is feted by society and raised to tho position of a pet idol. Ho is invited to tho tables of thé wealthy and highly-placed personages, to gnr-den parties, fetes, "at tomes" and to all tho other social functions of tho day for it is the fashion to run after what is called tho lion of the hour. Ihese lions vary in character, each brings his own popularity^.-Tho period of feasting a no feting t<h' which Lord kitchener was subjected | to him the severest battle he had ever fought, for persistent ladies moro than once out-flanked ami outgeneral led him, and captured him for one or more of their functions.
Sir George White was another cent lion
?
I
]
U
Every year there is more or complaint about run-out meadows	.
What are these run-out meadows out ni#l put by themselves and are or fields, as they are designated, M the same ration with chaff added from tho more productive ones ? If untlil sold, i ho heifers, after tho sec-tillable land, they are usually such Iond winter, get the sumo feed ns the as have gone too long without cows. The bulls always get plenty plowing ami re-seeding—good soil, keep them in good condition, but most likely, but for the best results , not too fat, and I am never troubled needing a shorter rotation-tkat is i with barren cows or bulls. They are to be plowed	oftener, devoted	to	kept out all tiny during	winter	and
crops requiring	cultivation and	fort-	jllt night during fly time
ilizing and then stocked again to 1 have fed from 12 to 2- head grass with a	proper amount	and	grade Devon steers each	winter	for
variety of seed. For the best	re-	nearly twenty years and	1 never	fail
suits some meadows should not re- j^ ^°P market with them. and main in grues for mere than three or their average weight is about 1.350 four years at a time. In this way I Ids., and average ago 30 to 36 they ' can be kept in a productive months. I feed in oten lot with no condition and will not have time to shelter, oxcept timber. Teed ear run out before being plowed again, corn cut up in small pieces mo they Other fields will do well for a longer can get it handy, and sorghum and
fields!com fodder for roughness. I tan
third more gain for grain
T

A people, Alfred argued, which had once thought and felt like this could
There arc few men of action whom epilepsy, which never left him entire- iicïvr l,üclir}° to a lower level | we can really love in themselves, ly in possession of his physical pow- dl( not call upon his subjects to t very few whom we would wish to ers. lie followed his brother to tho ?ome ®°n*Sthing new, but to lemcra-take as models in nil things. Most inevitable war, and boro his share ^er what they really were. Ho a. -men require a good many apologies, in a campaign in which battle fol- Jr tliem understand the spmt o and remain rather doubtful charac- lowed battle with bewildering rapid- !r institutions, the moiuiing o tors after all. Happy is the nation ity.	ihtG"' inherited ideas, the high duty
which can point to a national hero The West Saxon king died and Al- °; ,lr natio^al lifo of whom there is no reason to be fred succeeded his brother on the /orwarc M n reformer who im-
mKÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÉÊÊÊKKBÊM\^ • at	of
mimmmmms
effect in repulsing the foe. He had ,Tftl °* government.
He was never weary in his work,
although he keenly felt the weight
• ‘Desirest thou
thou shall nev-

3G1:-
He
He did not
ashamed
but
his
1
gacy
any stain after tho lapse of a thousand years, Englishmen look back with upon his memory, and are anxious to do him honor.
was
I
pride to face the unwelcome fact that for ¦¦¦¦the time success was impossible. . ...	. M
Yet he had taught his foes that vie- °* lts responsibility
he ; g HHHH 1er have it without sorrow; sorrow
from strange folk and yet keener sorrow from thine own kindred." And again, "No wise man should desire a soft life."
Entirely human, he took his people Into his confidence, lie had no object save their welfare, and so ho lived and labored that that object was manifest to nil. The fear of God was the foundation of his character. Continually suffering from sickness, he was never gloomy or I irritable, but showed a rare geniality and kindliness in nil his doings.
Not only was he a model ruler, but ho was a typical Englishman. Ills foremost qualities were stubborn courage and resoluteness, backed by practical capacity ; but behind these was a God-fearing
<
time. Every farmer having that are largely adapted to cultiva- £et a tion should have a well-defined ; ys- consumed by Devons than I "jan on tern of rotation, in which grass, bo-|a,1.v other herd of beef cattle, ing a leading crop, should have special attention. Tho other crops with their attendant cultivation make tho best kind of preparation for succeeding crops of good hay, in yield and quality. In this way run-out meadows or mowing fields will make a small showing on the well-managed farm. There are on many farms some fields not naturally adapted to cultivation, yet that will with proper care produce very good crops of hay. These should be fitted as well as possible for securing the hay and kept in a productive condition by frequent applications of manure or some approved fertilizer. It is better now to plow such land of toner than actually necessary, in order
1
tory was not to be won without great sacrifice; he had shown them how stubborn even untrained men could be in fighting tor their national life.
Sadly he made pence on terms of tribute, and sorely he felt the humiliation of buying off his enemies; but ho was helpless, and could only wait in hope of the future. This anxious expectancy ended in a disastrous surprise. In 878 the Danes, landing on the coast, pushed into the heart of Wessex before any preparations could be made to meet them.
There was universal panic; it was hopeless to gather together an army, i Even then Alfred did not despair of the future, and the great achievement of his life was the resolute
I hopefulness which he now displayed.	.
Ho retired before the invader to ft character, applying to all things u either to secure a smoother surface
little island which rose in the midst ! lo,l.v Purpose.	or n better seeding. With top-dress-
This purpose he apprehended with ing a "little and often’* is prefer-thut mixture of good sense and im- able to n single large application, aginative force which is the highest Another serious hindrance to koep-At Athelney he watched and wait-	characteristic of the	English temper,	ing meadows in a productive coned for three months, lie sent out	He could think and	feel ns well as	dltion is	allowing stock to run on
messengers and arranged for the ga-	act- Imaginative,	thoughtful, cap-	them, as	many will persist in doing,
lie exhorted I fthle ; this is a rare	balance of qual-jand even	directly after the hay is
itics ! Yet Alfred possessed such # ! removed, until cold weather. Such balance, and never allowed it to be a practice cannot fail of producing
It may bo allowable in
ro-
ll seems strange to go back for ft thousand years and commemorate a tnan so remote from all the interests of to-day. Generally a commemoration of some distinguished person owes it# force to current politics. The man is chosen for some connection. real or supposed, with prevalent ideas which some party in the state wishes to put forward, or with some national impulse which is prominent at the time. But there is no such reason for a commemoration of Alfred, lie stands in no relation to any popular idea or any political impulse. His fame is due to genuine admiration of his character, and to a recognition of the great services which he rendered to his country.
Tho hero of Ladysmith succeeded in keeping the enemy ut bay in South Africa for six months, but the forces which surrounded him in England were too many for fighting against, so ho capitulated, and allowed himself to bo taken in everywhere and by everybody.
"Bobs" was tho next victim, but lie compromised. lie allowed himself to be lionized on the distinct understanding that ho was to be set liberty at tho soonest possible ment.
We give the above few modern instances to show that tho lionising that our fathers gave to the heroes of their day exceeded that of to-day.
I
THREE DOG STORIES
A Newfoundland, a Terrier, and a
Bulldog.
fho most pathetic thing about
snfti tho has been spent is his devotion
tho thoroughbred dog man whose time about the kennels, to the memory of a kind master who is dead. There was a friend of mine who owned a Newfoundland, and Basil, as they called him, was never contented when away from Ids master. Not long ago the master was taken ill. He had to be moved to a hospital and Dash was left at homo. The d% refused to cat. ¦¦¦¦¦^¦o’clock one	ho
Ilis cries alarmed tho family, who
at
mo-
IT WAS MORE PROLONGED
It is, perhaps, hard to carry patriotism back over a period of a thousand years, yet the strength of England lies In its continuous history, of which every Englishman j feels the mute appeal. English in- ° stitutions have no definite beginning ; they have grown slowly and have adapted themselves to growing needs.
Who that can remember the great sensation tho presence in England ol tho late of Shah of Persia caused, can fearlessly say that there has been anything quite like it since? country went positively mad
Tho Shah was on everybody's lips, ills progress northwards was a procession of glory, for nt every station along the route Britons fought with one another to get just a passing glimpse of Nnsr-ul-Peen and his glittering diamonds. Back again in London and present at tho Crystal Palace, on a certain occasion no fewer than one hundred thousand peiv sons assembled to greet him, ana tickets for tho best seats were sold at social-fever prices. His little at social-fever prices. His every little convenience was studied by those high officers of state who had been told -off by the Government to wait upon him, his every whim satisfied, his every desire fulfilled—except one, and that was to see a man hanged. He was informed that there was no man to be hanged, whereupon he offered to present to tho authorities a member of his own suite. Of course that was an easy way out of tho difficulty from his point of view, but it did not quite suit tho taste of his hosts, who very naturally declined to accept his offer.	,
An cpioemic of hero worship in its most virulent form raged all over the United Kingdom when Garibaldi went to England. Tho great Italian patriot leaped into the arms of popular» ity and was made a great pet of
BY EVERYBODY.
"About 11 began to howl the members of were greatly concerned about the condition of the patient in tho hospital. While his cries continued the telephone bell rang and tho message of death came over the wires.
"Dash was sent away until after the funeral. After his return n portrait of the dead master disappeared from the house. Search showed that the dog had carried it into u recess under tho house. It was rescued from him with difficulty and screwed to an easel in the library. A rug was put down in front of It for Dash, lie lay there with an expression of unutterable woe on his face. He wouldn't eat kept his vigil, licked up n little water, and tasted dainty food, but ho grew weaker day by day. One morning, ten days later, tho library door was opened and there was tho faithful Dasli
The
AN IMPASSABLE MORASS
over
him
THE FACE OF TIIE COUNTRY
thcring of his host
tells a talc of human effort steadily bjs 1>V°T^ l<> renew their stand, re-
IliEpi psiil
ESESt" : Es SH5S 2	:: : EE TS
..*•	i s aarx saura
EE?	» '".l6,u z&r sa ¦ : as i:r 5 a.........................
of the West Saxon# was broken, and who was the inspirer of all then-
best deeds and thoughts. More than
this can he said of no one who has SHEEP ON EVERY FARM.
• 1:,î1?y, OUffhlt0,bc kept *° iL”ist terrier, u trim little animal with a
Years ago Lord Palmerston ftnd 1chnnce. in thc weeds tlint they	con-	wjl0 luul rcaro<| him	from puppy-
Count. Favour, the prime minister of ®urac* in.)hc Wny . tbftt thcV	W1 1	hood when the little	fellow
England and the organizer of the < niV‘ ,C gr?68 ,in ,anc? nn<	i taken ill the dog would creep into
Italian monarchy, both chanced t° 1	borders and oven on the room, without the least noise,
visit Paris at the same time. Ncith- l ie sides of the highw a.\. J hey	will	and woul(i lift himself	on the	bed
cr knew the other by sight and each £]fan ami(l . l!lc *lubbk‘s a,ul	1	to lick hls mastcr's hand. It	was
was filled to the brim with the state	“ posture# where other u touching. After a time
=r " "" -......... ‘""lEEüEEr EF"5 5 sn «.
8HBR!5~HS, H;'P”Ej ™VXUJS'L& 2„Se.ï"Sh.tt‘S,”S	TZnUT 5 *?,«r*-*1» ,M ~UotU"
long boats across the sea, landed , brilliant past. 1 liât heritage was	sheep. But where rational farming ‘The family believed the dog would
unseen upon some headland, which to remain, its breaches were to be	-->—. 	is carried on, more or less fencing rcturn home that night, but ho was
they occupied, and then proceeded repaired and its meaning still fur-	^	will be maintained on the farm, even I1()t ia his box the next morning,
forth upon a pillaging raid. They ] thcr set forth.	SEA CAPTAINS.	where groin growing is the chief Uy noon hc ha(1 llot returned and a
I caused were great. A citizen militia future attacks by building fortresses	step by step, entirely by a VlZn^ht ? tini .	"Hogs seem to realize when there
am ElSü §§mm mmi
the darkness of the night, and no	guard the English Glianncl	against	__ _____ [ilIin ns occasion	may squire ga-	owner into a barroom one night an
one could foretell where they would	the invasion of the pirates.	theung up food of	many kinds as	wag j . under Uic table when a
next disembark.	The destruction of the monasteries SCHOOLGIRLS AS SMUGGLERS, ^'ivcmrers iïvou Hks «I iU	dilhoulty arose between Johnson, his
had almost swept away the memory	^ ow * x	thU8 master and an Italian. The Italian
of intellectual pursuits. Alfred sur- On the Swiss-Italian frontier at	i ^ scavengers, ^red at Johnson once and was about FEEDING INDIAN ELEPHANTS
rounded himself with scholars whom Maslianico recently the Custom fn?®ns a:	^ seldom over- tQ fire asaln> when yiink jumped up
Year by year this devastating pro-	ho invited from every side. He set	House officers stopped a long pro-	e lv 1 u lcn 1 * hnvc	eucb	an(i caught the man's wrist in a
cess was carried on, till the English	up a school for young nobles in his	cession of forty schoolgirls, walking	11Dcrty'	vise-like grip. The Italian dropped
people were panic-stricken and well- own court, and set himself to pro- two and two from a seminary in the	—	(be gun. Like a flash Blink released
nigh hopeless The northern king-	vide English books for English read-	neighborhood. Suspicion had	been rYPrnn.’WPr toitht	his hold on the man’s wrist and
doms were in the hands of the Danes	era. His object was to popularize	aroused by the frequency with	which	j1U	'Vliii	DEVONS.	^[ze^ him by the throat. The Ital-
und the West Saxon kingdom was	current knowledge. He translated	they crossed the frontier in their	I do not breed Devons for	rhow	ian was thrown to the floor, and it
left alone to maintain the independ-	into English text-books on history,	flaily walks, and on examination it	purposes only, but for everyday use-	was not until Johnson had kicked
ence of England.	i philosophy and theology ; hg did was found (hat the schoolgirls were fulness, writes Mr. John Hudson. 1 Blink in the side that he let go
ti"iè state of things wheil hot only translate, but edited his smuggling a quantity of cigars and try to breed them good enough for was rather hard punishment for his tion !
Alfred first entered public life. His	book# for English readers. His In-	cigarettes to a total value of	$26,-	the show ling. The cows run out the	good services, but if the kicks had	trunk	ami	a	package	is	thrown	m	•
was that of a student rather	dustry and activity never ceased;	000. It seems that this smuggling	year around and have a timber pn»	not been given the man would have	its	capacious	mouth.	By	this	me-
warrior, and ho had always	nothing was too great or too	small	has	been going on systematically for turc with white oak	timber belts for	been killed by the terrible laceration	j thod	of	feeding nut a smglu grain X
cf a disease, probably	for his attention.	a	long	time.	shelter. They get good blue gras# in	of the throat."	rlce	wasted.
a ti-
ll
d
For a week he Once or twice hc
t
c
l
V
h
Far distant as arc the days of A1
fred the Great, they still form part acctîrdlinjff of the process by which England became what it is. Many ns are the changes which England has passed
t
Such ought to have been the case
to all ordinary calcul a-
DEAD ON IIIS RUG
c
Instances arc common in which
C
B1
ïT&ts.'&'asira '	UGrrer
the exploits by which the British Empire was created—they manifest the spirit, the temper, the attitude toward life which make Englishmen what they arc.
It is hard to picture to ourselves the England in which Alfred lived, divided into little kingdoms with shifting boundaries and rapidly changing fortunes. It was scantily peopled by families who occupied the land that was favorable to agriculture, like settlers in the backwoods.
They were a laborious and stolid folk, who wished to pursue a life of labor, relieved by raids upon the lands of a neighboring kingdom, and each kingdom in turn had dreams of establishing its supremacy over the rest.
el
d
11
P
P
moral victory. It dispelled the selfconfidence of the Danes anil made them doubtful of success. They had done all they could to make it sure; thy had rejoiced in its completeness ; and now all at once their work was undone, and the foe whom they considered vanquished faced them as u victor. Their spirit was broken ; their arrogance and self-reliance sudden lv deserted them.
ef
ci
WELL MET
U
As usual, women far outdid tho was male portion of the community in the extravagance of their adulation for the Italian. Garibaldi cloaks and hats, and Garibaldi feminine finery of all kinds and description, annotated the feminine love for the man, and even The to this day there is the Garibaldi biscuit, and a sleeveless vest, or zouave, worn by women and called tho "Garibaldi."
It was the same when Kossuth, tho Garibaldi of Hungary, visited England. Kossuth gave another fillip to the milliners and dress-makers, who naturally wore very jubilant. Women admired tho man so much as to warrant the West-end establishments bringing out Kossuth capes and jackets, Kossuth hats and bonnets, Kos-and | suth parasols and sun-shades.
General" Tom Thumb and his
A
U
m
I1IS GREAT TRIUMPH
cc
m
Ui
cs
m
m
fie
IK
P<
th
pr
Si
up
ot
Ai
cv
ea
st
Uself
j
to
wl
VALUE OF SRARESPEARE. *
fre
It is estimated that tho famo which attaches to Stratford-on-Avon because of the fact that Shakespeare was born there is worth $.*>,-000,000 to that town. The charges for admission to the poet’s house, to Anne Hathaway’s cottage, to the church, to the memorial, and to tho grammar-school net $150,000 yearly—a sum which is equivalent to an income of 3 per cent, on the $5,oA-000 capital. This calculation not take into account the Income to the railways from the pilgrims to the Warwickshire Mecca, and there is no estimate of the profits of tho Stratford tradesmen, who do a good business in photographs, pamphlets, and trinkets relating to the town and the great bard.
Wfl
to

th
I
tal
wli
in
at
It
aci

ing
left
Aft
Set
my
1
Y
fis!
had followed hi
the dog
i
V
wit
con
o
ten
THE YOUNG KING AND THE
DANES.
I c
Elephants in the Indian Army are fed twice a day. When meal-time arrives they are drawn up before piles of food. Each animal’s breakfast includes 101b. of raw rice done up in five 21b packages. The rice is wrapped in leaves and then tied with It grass
P
for
in
lun
At tho command "Atten-cnch elephant raises its
moi
soli
Tl
the
wor
tou H fchar
«liown 2g
A
ran
can
Phy
S
« »
Ik


P


i
###PAGE###3###
/
I
w
>

[MEN WHO FEAR MADNESS.]THE! DREAD RBTBNINB.
MOTES AND COU ME NTS.
WORTH MY THOUSANDS
TTicodoro Gilyard the idea of the pneumatic painter. He sprayed the remainder of the Ink from the fine-pointed nozzle on to a piece of white paper, and the thought occurred to him how much more rapidly paint could be spread by air that by brush. The machine which grow from this notion was a steel task, connected with a reservoir of compressed air.
Tho tank is filled with paint the consistency of cream, and when a valve is opened the air forces this through n flat nozzle railway trucks can thus be painted at nearly five times the rate that tho best brush-painter can | accomplish; and Mr. Gilyard, who three years ago was a clerk in a London office at $15 a week, is now receiving an income of $20,000 a year.
THE STUDY OE THE STABS,
I
I
Corporations are popularly posed ta be greedy monsters, devouring tho substance of the people. Often, however, private enterprise improves the condition of tho by undertaking some work to which tho nation, thinking It a risky speculation or of doubtful policy, is unwilling to commit Itself ad inn Pacific Railroad, for instance, hus been à tremendously active agent in tho making of Canada. It has served a good purpose in exploiting tho Pacific slope with Its wealth of gold, fish and timber, the fertile wheat-^'ds of Manitoba and tho ranches of tho intermediate prairies. And now, having aided in tho development of our national industries, tho C. P. It. stands, as a military highway, for a perpetual Insurance that Canada shall always be painted red on tho map of tho world.
eup-
LORD BYRON WAS AFRAID OF GOING INSANE.
IDEAS RAISED MER FROM POVERTY TO WEALTH.
SOLDIERS WHO WOULD PREFER TO STAY IN AFRICA.
WHAT THE ASTKvKOMEaa TELL US OF THEM.
Other Great Men Who Were Some Little Things That Will Haunted by the Dread Fear	Make Their Home-Coming
of Going Mad.	Unpleasant.
How the Prize-Packet Originated— The Great Lakes Salvage Company.
Tramping through Reading, England, with his pack on his back, John Vcnncr stopped at a little baker's shop to buy a penny roll, all ho could afford for his ovenlng's meal. He got outside the town, sat down, and began to eat his humble supper. Suddenly his teeth struck something
some
dough while it was being mixed. After a moment’s rejoicing at his good luck, a happy thought struck Vcnner Why not advertise rolls with coins in them, or, better still, packets of sweets with prizes in tho shape of
MONEY IN EVERY TENTH
The Morning and Evening Stars— About Mars and Jupiter.
It Is related of tho celebrated Lord There arc those In Great Britain Byron that to the last hour of his who await the return of the Absent-life ho was In terror of losing his Minded Beggar with mingled feel-mental balance, and in the course of ings When the South African war his career he consulted several brain broke out there were wives who mis-spccialists with a view to warding off sed their husbands, the first news this terrible contingency. The that reached them of their absent strange fear in question formed tho spouses was from the front, says bane of the poet's existence.	1‘earson's Weekly. These men had
Charles Dickons tells a thrilling deserted from tho army, settled down tale of on individual who formed tho I in civil life, and neglected to inform belief that at the nge of forty he their wives of their military history, would lose his wits, and, sure enough The outbreak of the war and the tho "theory was justified by results, great patriotic wave was more than probably brought about by the con- they could withstand
Any star which rises after sunset is denominated when it , WÈ
-- a morning star, and rises before sunset ft becomes an evening star. These terms, however, are generally confined to tho planets, and popularly to the most prominent ones only, as Venue or Jupiter. At tho present time Venus, Mars, Jupiter, Uranus and Saturn are evening stars.
Venus is
The Can-
Houses, fences, and
It was a sixpence, which by accident had fallen into tho
still quite close to the viih, but can bo seen In the early evening. especially If away from electric lights ; she is rapidly coining .	4l	They quietly nearer to the earth and will bo very
stant horror of tho recurring idea, gave themselves up to tho military brilliant in the closing months of the A case in real life which recalls this to get to tho front. Should they re- year. Mars is higher up in the heal story comes from Paris, where a man turn covered with glory they will vens, but so very distant from the or twentieth packet? Vonner kept	_	”	I was lately conveyed to a private asy- •till have to face a personal ex- earth that he is* verv inconininmne
the idea to himself, and as soon oa	The Thousands of Ways in Which |um suffering from acute melancholia pi an all on with the "missis."	and	hardly	worth	looking	after
he could save a few shillings out of	Wire is Now Used.—This is	j brought about, so the physicians de- The patriotic generosity of cm-	Uranus	is usually	visible onlv with
the slender profits of his trade as	the Wire Age.	dared, by tho Importance ho had at- ployers has been the source of a re- the aid of an opera gloss „nd then
ro*,..*.k.h,chth.C. P. n h..
52SHSS jam ** ips *
TLw ,n th. «un.hln.on th.CW.	™ TWH.,n'lr7ght_,l'. loo much/'	""
It is understood vhat	seems at first sight to	be hardly a	1	'	. .g .stor	an(j t|ic occu- Perhaps one of the	most pathetic	8h« said. >ivo dollars a week	was
ns mi	experiment three hundred thou-	profitable occupation.	Hut an after-	Dl™ would find	themselves caged as Instances in literature	was I
wage book, mad said :	"
In this district every alternate	^n’s head an idea which is bringing	*1 ®	hllvi„J	Z	successive!v ! other and the mutual sacrifices made	No. you’re wrong.	Six dollars
section belongs to the company, so,	him to-day thousands	a year. It	*°	'	.	*	**	tho bronze on cach olher's behalf	have been de-	and twenty-five cents	is what	he
EE— » C jSSt-Ss 3
he could see right down through the	^%rs%r our meat truM our	his sister lived in perpetual fear of w » «learn in her eye which boded
hardly probable that it Intends to glassy surface to the seaweed-covered	... , «irnwars scour the	madness,and one of the most touching 1,1 f*JI hubby when he comes march-
rz==::: ss sutjz =Bs ssss* F % =r ‘è—Er
=^2:^ gæSÉAN	-r -
creuse of its food-producing area.	feet. I can see much deeper from a	ers)—and when wo die our bodies are	•	, hourlv dread was unhappily self* This led to	,ut f heir^signincance is not yet fui-
Besides aiding	our	interior develop-	was interested in ballooning. These	phone wires prisons every great city	SO PATIIl.T IC ALLY MAI L. Lied forward a	portion	of	thig	ac_	txvn Planet* are apparently! ¦¦
were so successful that the two are	as in a cage, and hundreds of thou»-	William Cowper, tho poet, may also count t0 settlo	up	with	the wurrior	Preaching each other, and will be in
now directors of the Great Lakes	ands of miles of it are carried under-	be	cited as another literary luminary on 1|is return	conjunction about the last of tho
Salvage Company, which is at work ground, and	whose life was frequently rendered On0	woman has discovered year* Sat'irn is without doubt the
on Lakes Eric nn<J[ Superior, locating	SUNK IN THE SEA.	well-nigh unbearable through a that her husband had been married m?s} ^onf,c.rful s,*ht in thc heavens,
mmm ihhü	####
trade requirements of Russia, to dis- who went down five miles from shore .. .	, , averred are managed tually set about its fulfilment. He' d way lie neglected after ins call !™ 's Astionomers are now general-
:z:
steamers, and thereby encourage and owed his great fortune, and Cook s L...	\	. ,n;ie Q# wire inside intentions, proceeded to carry out his QUt Such an absent-minded beggar earh other, however, that at this
e=ee==êeusei hsiiss	m ésmm
thc immense districts of Russia in „why not try other towns	I flt, d r° h s f< r ladies ur of wire A youthful London clerk resigned war broke out, has seen and done tically out of sight until next sum-
molls'	should not the mill-hands see the n,v lc 1 I ,	. . h lf of overwhelming dread of doing : wanted. His late employers arc
wonders of London? The thing was heu	y	’	..	:	,	. ! something which would point to in- watching and waiting,
to capture them while they still had most ab in	nthorwise sanity. An excellent book-keeper and The man had entered upon a fool-
their wages in their pockets. On thc i abonnnn ion ,	“J1 '	a thoroughly competent clerk, his ish spell of speculation in certain
Those who advocate extending our following Saturday young Cook np- a °r snarpcnc	.	1 work had always been perfectly satis- ! shares, aided by un "infallible
commercial relations with Russia peared in Leicester with an empty I ^uy a I'cnnv 1	> -	'	1	| j factory, but possessed by fear of tern which soon broke down.
make a strong point of the heavy	parading %ë°tôwn with mvcsUg^ lion that it	In^thTolfi^lW The Too? ^10^10^ I rowed’’^^absent-mind^ from ^hL
duties lexiod against all United Stat a bra8S bnnd an(| a number of empty ther wHh wire.	•	year later of consumption, declaring employers, and he neglected to mènes commodities, excepting	mining	vnns The mill-hands, just leaving	bottle or champaigns 1	rnrk in his last moments that he was glad	lion it. lie dare not return, there- ic
machinery and agricultural	impie-	work, were caught by this novel at-	Cl,t.tin« th0 Wir°wi,?,n «hnnlif	vou to die, rather than risk further possi-	fore, but if he only knew it, his late
-"‘’¦r't'"6 °r - "™n7	“a-w-ïr»	£
field for Canadian enterprise. It is nQ fewer than 165,000 visitors from of that seductive , ^	apprehension is brought about by |	A FRESH START.
our I the Midlands to the Exhibition. soothing to your aching ,lCaa 1e c dwelling too frequently on any fixed i He has enlisted under another
If a man started to collect all the W1»*Ç brush which is now an mdisr ,(1ea Thc brain becomes highly sen- name and cannot be traced, but he : sad bottles he raw washing about the 8able adjunct to every	sitive as the result of such concen-	was seen in thc field by a friend of
British coasts he would have little UP-TO-DATE TOILET-TABLE.	(ration, a d the door is at once op-	the writer in April last near Iloshof.
time for any other occupation So	Nor is it only in little things	that ened for thc entry of morbid fears,	He would not acknowledge, his real
Surely, with native Canadian get al| ^ three companions jeered at	wire is our slave. The mighty	guns chief among which is thc fear of	name, but there is little doubt as to
up an’	git” if we	once	managed	to	Walter Maurice	when he insisted on Lf ft modern battleship are of >eteel | madness. Thus it comes about that	his identity. He may since	have
obtain	n commercial	foothold	in	undressing and	swimming out from I wire, wound round and round, and I the dread of insanity in too many	managed to change the identification
‘	... the sands between Bournemouth and welded into a solid mass by almost cases produces the same, and people ticket on his tunic with some poor
Asia wo	would	not rest content	till	po0jc to gCt bold of a common-look- j inconceivable pressure. Also, those	who find themselves stricken with	Tommy who has fallen in the fray
even the	conservative	Chinaman	was	jng black bottle which was drifting self-same battleships have practically	this weird misgiving should do all in	There are those who arc waiting
eating his rice with maple chop- about some fifty yards from shore. I discarded hempen ropes, cables, and their power to divert their minds for the Absent-Minded Beggar in
Maurice, however, said afterwards to hawsers, for those made of wire; and	trepidation. Ona case is very sad,
tr;	rîusvss srz
and that he felt Impelled to go out I network of signalling and electric The knowledge of hereditary brain swervd Ins country s call like a man. and bring it in.	Ho is considerably j ng|lt wires, constituting altogether trouble often leads people to fancy	He loft behind him a wife and	two
the richer for having done so. Thc | tho arterial and nervous system of that they will follow in the steps of	little ones. During his absence	both
eB***pss
Coming to more recent times there is the case of a certain politician in England whose attainments assuredly marked him out as a man destined to shine in the deliberations of his j
Two brothers and a sister
THIS IS À WORLD OF WIRE
HOW MOTHER EARTH IS WRAPPED IN METAL THREAD.
To make the desert blossom ns a
under consideration at present authority on irrigation has been im-
ports there is nothing to prevent the
very
largest of telescopes. The same may bo said of Jupiter’s fifth moon, which is thought to be about 100 miles in diameter and, therefore, visible only in telescopes about twenty-five inches diameter.
successful irrigation of three million barren acres
#V
that in I wbat our Bill had.”
Tho cashier referred again to the
eand neves only will bo Irrigated at first
SIZE OF OTHER MOONS
The other moons range from about
2.000	to 3,607 miles In and form very pretty objects pared with the body of the planet,
80.000	miles viewed in belts are dense cloud masses, lying parallel to his equator, and are iblo in telescopes of three inches or
diameter.
At tho same time it is
valuable
com-
in diameter, when a telescope. Jupiter's
ap-
ment this energetic company is endeavoring to assist tho expansion of Canada's trade
Its directors are
cover
Canadian commerce
and if it was

*
mer
o
AS REGARDS AGE.
He looks old enough
Her fiance? to know better Appearances are deceptive in fact, only old enough to bo her father.
He is
' sys-Part
/
A NARROW ESCAPE.
She—I'm so glad it's to bo platon-At one time I was afraid you would propose.
He—So was I!
A BRIGHT OUTLOOK.
Clara—These auîumn days make me
now a question whether people would > take advantage of this state of affairs, and endeavor to
Clarence—Oh, cheer up, dearest, we've got half a load of coal left over from last year.
produce articles required in Russia
Thc 80.000 American wells produce between them 160,000 barrels of oil a day.	»
Mouse whiskers arc now used for making the "grey gnat," a fly used in trouting.
Oxford University's income is about £418,0(10 n year ; that of Cambridge, £310,000 a year.	t
Black ants can be driven away with sprigs of arbor vita#, and mosquitoes with walnut-leaves.
sticks
o
WILLING TO OBLIGE
did
tale
which he said ho was unable to pull in alone, managing only to land it at last with the aid of six friends. It was a skate, and covered two
Teacher: IIow old are you, little boy ? Johnnie (who has just gone fractions) twelfths.
I'm six and five-
acres.
x, Silence followed this recital, during which tho offended Englishman left tho table. Thc host followed J After returning, he said Scotchman: Sir, you have insulted my friend. You must apologize.
1 diima insoolt him, said the Scot Yes, you did, with your two-acre
3rs. ysses* —
ten feet off that tiger I will sec what	' cycl„llf, jn America. The
I can do with the fish.	“,nd wa8 so furious, said the writer,
that Planks from the board walks were driven through the houses, and chickens were found stripped of their
Pat Murphy had been out of work *C<'\yhat a delightfully easy way of for some time, and was a few weeks .,lucking chickens!” thought Mr. Alin arrears with his payments to his jçn ^bo, during a recent fishing trip landlady. Finding no other employ- . Walc8'( had been obliged to help ment Pat determined to enlist, con- jn preparing a pullet for table soling himself with the thought that 1Io went on to consider that it would the life of a soldier would not be po poss|blo to get a tremendous cur-worse than being in lodgings.	| Cnt Qf ftjr from electric fans	The
All went well till Pat was in the tecb was found to be perfectly ranks for drill, when the sergeant fuiisible, and many large firms are came up and called out, Here, Mur- noW paying royalties on the
Phy. throw out your chest.	CYCLONE CHICKEN PLUCKER.
%%	r0P,,Cd P6t	It was tho simple operation of M-
Because my landlady has it, air. ling a fountain-pen that gave W.
within the next two years he shall have tho total amount promised—
$250 in all.	J ,	4
Many people have made fortunes
from newspapers, but no one, probably in so curious a fashion as Mr. Francis Allen, a London solicitor. This gentleman had to wait half an hour for his train at Shrubhill Sta-
strollod into tho
to thc
an Ideal domestic? There was one objection. She would get up in tho "bight and insisit .that tho electric light in thc streets was the midnight sun.
KEEPING II1S PROMISE.
During a severe engagement an Irish private was espied by his captain in the act of-beating a hasty retreat. The man had been a favorite with his superior officer, and when the latter approached him on the subject the following day it was In a spirit more of sorrow than of anger.
I must confess, Pat, ho said, that your action in the engagement yesterday surprised me.
An’ what's tho ray son of that, sor?
Reason enough, Pat promise me you'd be fn the thickest of the fight, and didn’t I catch you actually running away, you rascal?
Running away, is it?. 'Dade, captain, but ye desave yourself. It was in remembrance of my promise sor, that Ol was runnin’ around troyin' to find out jist where the foight was thickest.
GREAT COLLECTION OF PETS.
Tho Baroness Burdett-Coutts is very fond of all kinds of animals and
t » i ids HIHSHUUHmHIU
Ilolly Lodge, England, extraordinary collection of them, including goats, llamas, donkeys, robins, cockatoos, nightingales, etc. The Baroness has always done her best among the ladies of her acquaintance to discourage tho use of feathers and wings in their headgear and besides giving much support to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, has actively promoted thc introduction of bills into Parliament having for their object the protection of wild birds.
Joncs : I've just been doing something that always makes me feel cheap. Smith: XVhat is that? Jones: Comparing my salary with what I think it ought to be.
J oxer: It is fortunate that Captain Das hem never smiles from ear to car. (îibcly: Why ? Joxcr:	One
of his cars is in the Transvaal.
You used to say that I was the apple of your eye. Benhnm>Well, what of it? Mrs. Bonham: Nothing; except that you don't seem to care as much for fruit as you once did.
Wist awful faces that Mr. B’.enk-innop makes when he endeavors to avoid stuttering. Yes. He tried to propose to that old Miss Johnson the other day, and when she saw his face working she crawled under the so/a aod screamed for
however, having succumbed to madness, their tragic ends so preyed on his mind as to induce a constant dread that such a catastrophe would sooner or later overtake him consequence he withdrew himself from public and social life, shut himself up in one of his country retreats, and is now living the life of a recluse completely given up to solitude and melancholy with thc old dread constantly before him.
Science teaches us that all men can avoid madness if thye will. By the exercise of self-control, and the cultivation of healthy habits and pursuits, there is no earthly reason why any human being should find himself in an asylum, for even the most morbid apprehensions may bo conquered by the mighty force that lies In the will of man.
At her Highgate residence,
there is an
In
LEFT BEHIND IIIM
Didn't you
Mrs. Denham
<
<
:
i
•it
1
%

Madge: She was in a collision and had all the enamel scraped of! her wheel. Dolly: How lucky she was I If she'd taken a header she'd have had all the enamel scraped off her face.
<
.!
has now 14 submarine
8 more on the
Franco bonis finished and stocke.



\



V

###PAGE###4###
Y
\
THE EQUITY.
PONTIAC A Plain Truth Plainly Told !
WOOLLEN
MILLS
MASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 31, 1901
m
• 4
9
The official September statement of thj chartered banks of Canada shows the total liabilities of the hanks as $441,047,750 ; tu'al asms, $558,040,700.—
These banks have deposited with the Do-
million Government $2 568,918 to coouro
» u.t.i note ci'iuîafio» of r-ii,(U7,4();. I Have commenced opera-
Hut as all the banks are responsible for |	*
the circulation of any one bank, the de- | tlOHS for tilt? SCtl SO 11	<111(1
I» 'tit is i-nc ically a guarantee for the redemption of the notes of any bank that may %et into difficulty fact the notes of a bank in liquidation are really worth more than the notes of the moat solvent bank in the* country, inasmuch as they [are entitled to bear in
Our Ladies’ Jackets are New, Stylish and well made. All selling at exceedingly popular prices.
Gold Weather
HERE THEY ARE :
Requisites.
will be found thoroughly equipped to do a satisfactory trade with the farmers of the surrounding country.
ZS 'mmJS.'Z.	I Custom work will receive
v ed.
$4.75
As a matter of
$5.75
Cooking1 Stoves and Heaters
Horse Blankets Robes.
--—i
$7.00
careful and prompt attention, and the public may rely on getting the best satisfaction.
?
The awards by the judges of the Pan American exhibition show that Canadian horsemen were well represented in the list of blue ribbon winners. The Telfer & Climie company was awarded first prize in the thoroughbred data. Canadian Clydesdales swept everything before them, capturing every prize offered for this class of horses. Graham Bros., of Claremont, won first in the three classes for stallions and first for three year old mares. Hodgkinson & Tindell, of Bea verton, were awarded firsts for one-year-old and two-year-old fillies and brood , mare with foal. In the French Canadian classes Henri de Land of VAcadie, Que., was awarded three firsts, for mare, filly and brood mare with fool. L. P. Sylvester, of St. Theodore d'Action, Que , won | the blue ribbon forthree year-old stallions
and Samuel G. Mooney, Yank leek Hill, Laundry work of all kinds done in first Gut., won first in the class for the three- class style year-old stallions.	---------
Every Coat lined throughout.
9
ANDREW q 0 D G INS,
Call now if you wish to see the best assortment.
HONG KEE. MACFARLANE BROS.
N e w Grinder.
Big stock of Coarse and Fine Harness.
CHINESE LAUJWRY,
SMART & SMITH.
Next <ioor to Mi>s A. McRae'.1'
Main Street, - Shawville-
In order to meet our increased trade we
have put in a New Champion Grinder
with a capacity of 80 to 100 bushels per hour (double that of the old one.) Farmers can depend upon getting their hashing done in a first-class manner and without delay.
P S.—Percival Sulkey and Walking Ploughs.
Here it is ! The Place
A bill will be introduced in the Dominion Parliament next session to revise the charter of the Edmonton and Salv Lake railway company. There will in all probability be lively competition among the several promoters for exclusive rights of building over this route. — The objective of such a line is of course a rail way through to Port Simpson on the Pacific coast, via the Peace River pass. Recent reports have established the value of the Peace River district as a stock raising and mixed farm il g country. Two years ago the Interior dept! t lient .ha 1 a commission sent through the district to settle the half breed claims and bring the Indians under treaty. This took some time to accomplish, aid it was only list summer that the final treaty payments were made. The visit of the commission-1 era and doubtless the report of the Indian I agent, Mr. Conroy, attracted attention to the splendid resources of tjie Peace River Plains. Hence the renewed intermit in the railway project.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO

1901
1901

OR
H

Eavetroughing,
Roofing and
Hepairiqg
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
OREMOST
URNITURE.

We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
FARMERS, Before you commence your Fall plowing come and take a look over our stock of Plows. Sulkey Plows guaranteed to be the best on the market. We also handle Tinkler’s Patent Plow.
Oats for South Africa
WAR OFFICE WILL TAKE MILLION BUSHELS
FROM ALBERTA.
DALE BROS.
e #
Shipments of produce for the imperial army in S >uth Africa are atill increasing from Canada. Fifteen thousand tens of hay are to be shipped duriug the month of November. Through Lord Sirath-cona’a office in London, the minister of
I
We have also a first-cl
assortment of
Shawville.
TERMS REASONABLE
CHARGES MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
PERSONAL ATTENTION
P. S.—Highest price paid
agriculture has made arrangement. | for Calfskins find Pelts, whereby practically the whole of the oats
available fir expoit from Alberta can be deliveied in South Africa on account of the war i dice. That	the
r,	I To Let or Oive on Shares.
time deliver the oats in South Africa at I	—	I Public notice is hereby given that Dame
a piiee low enough to compete success- Comprising Lots 13 and It on the 7th	Alice Steele, of the Village of Shaw-
ipE p-hf Emmm
Columbia, but this year they will have able. For further particulars apply to heir t0 Dame Lyciia Brazier heretofore of over a million bushels more than what Hoimhns Bros., North Clarendon1 or J. Mb* township °t Clarendon in said County, British Columbia can c ms unie. It M. Modi,ins, Shaw ville.	"	Steele. heretofore of the
-i-p-'-i- i«m,-----------------------------------, “jdiLKis dssssviti’s:
ties in Canada and the organisation of	IS# _i is# .	¦	province, shall present to one of the
the department rf agriculture that the	W 000 WSHtGO*	ludgesoftlie Superior Court sitting in and
oats can be moved from the eastern foot	-- f°r the Distinct of Pontiac “ en chambre"
hilts of the Rocky Mountain», a distance Tenders will he received addressed to f the Court Horn* at Bryson, one month
aeabosid, and de.ivered in njuth Africa for the delivery at Academy 30 cords of take and to Ik* put into provisional at lees cost than oats from the United green hardwood Maple Birch or Beech I possesion of the property of .said Dame Kingdom or the United States. At the two feet longto be split ready for use,and Lydia Brazier, and all persons who may
same time the farmers of Alberta will 15 to 20 cords of good sound dry pine a have any rights Against the succession or
l: l	portion of which will be required by first the property in question are requested to
.,	,	,	,	.».*	of January the balance of pine and all the bring tneir claims before said judge on or
prices than they have been teceivmg hardware to be delivered not later than More the day of the presentation of said fru n other quarters.	1st. February, 1902, cash on delivery.	petition
H. LANG,
Sec. Treas
McRAE & McGUIRE.
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
FARM
Public Notice.
THE MARKETS.
OHAWVI LIES
U NEW
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 00 to 00c Oats per bushel, 30 to 32c. Pease per bushel, 03 to 65c. Buckwheat. 40c. per hush. Eggs, per dozen, 13c.
Butter, per pound, 15 to 10c. Wool, per pound, 11 to 16c. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c.
Hides, $1.00 to $5.50. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each
We Satisfy.
SASH and DOOR
c
FACTORY.
PEOPLE W1IO BUY TIBER GOODS AT OUR STORK GO AWAY SATISFIED THAT THEY PROCURE
BEST VALUE FOR THEIR MONEY
IN ALL LINES OF
o
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a 5tTTbT first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
OTTAWA
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Rutter, print, 23c. per lb.
pails. 19 to 21c. per lb Eggs, fresh, 18c. per ooz.
New Potatoes, 65c. per bag. Lamb, 8 to 10c. per lb. Mutton, fi to8c. per lb.
Beef, 0 toOc. per lb.
Pork, $7.00 to $8.00 per 100. Chickens, 35 to 50c. a pair. Oats, 42 to 43c. per bushel. Hay, $5.00 to $10.00 per ton. Wool, 13 to 14c. per lb.
Sash,
receive twenty-five per cent
• 4
Doors,
Mouldings,
HAVE A LOOK AT THE CHOICE SELECTION OF
BOUÎIBEAU RAINVIli.K. Attorney for the Petitioner Bryson Oct. 19th, 1901.
Shaw ville Oct. 26th. 1001
SEASONABLE GOODS
The Hog's Molars
Turnings, &o.
„	. ,	note of warning to the farmers of this ** impasiiye as if on parade and went
I here u a well-grounded suspicion district to get out of the stock-raising	with the vessel 1 he military :s not
abroad in the land that the domestic business or quit carrying money —Ot dlflCoaragedt but has pi iced an order with animas of the Ottawa Valley have gone raVil Citizen.	*	the Els wick works, for another boat of
wrong. A pronounced money-eating	“	__________________ the Parson turbine type. In an unofficial
mama haa struck the cow-barns and the I	I test Last year, the Cobra beat the record
WE ARE NOW SHOWING BEFORE LAYING IN YOUR
: : fall supplies. : :
¦i
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future Increase in business.
piggeries and the animal inhabitant of It is a great misfortune that both of the of the Viper and won the title of the deep calulations of the great scientist the ranches which fails to swalbwa bunch English torpedo boat destroyers. Cobra fastest vessel iu the world. The recoid ! but instead of following the weary c >n-of money considers itself a rank outsider and Viper, the only two war vessels in | of the Viper was 43 milts an hour and j text of logical proposition he intuitively and no credit to the species.	the world fitted with tuihine engines, that of the Cobra 43 G miles—C.evelar d j weDt and got a shovel and dug He soon
Only a few days ago the Citizen s should have been destroyed within a very Marine Review.	reached rock bottom and struck 'upon
columns recorded the stoiy of a cowjwhich | few weeks of each other. In neither cate	____________________ | what appears to be a very rich rein of
mineral running all the way under the colored *treak across the ploughed field The specimens taken out are said by experts to contain large quantities of gold, silver and copper. Specks of the preci-
,	.	.	.. ,	,	,	. ous metal can be plentifully seen with
riculous dream, by which favored ones the n-ked eyet as we!! as streaks and have obtained Indien treasures. It is	I
even believed that inhabitans of the spiritual world have sometimes came down to place men in possession of their material rights. Yet we are not introducing a fairy story, but coming at a golden nugget of truth when we may that Mr. And. Craig, 2nd line Darling, has made one of the strnageit dioovenes
on record, and one which may bear Archie McFayden, of Shoal Lake,
fruition of incalulable value in the com- Manitoba, engineer of a threshing ma- ________.	**
ing season of fuller developments. For chine, was instantly killed recently. He l0**1 TWVV* Bristol the property of
,ome ftsr. Mr Craig hi. been ob-orvia* wee in the ect of becking the engine to ^5 Wrtywellf^^d and built up^l à peculiar streak about four feet wide	the separator	to couple up to move. Be
«cross one of his ploughed fields. This	backed too far and was jammed, tome I Also 100 ocres	hush	lot	situated in	town-
distient coloring or rather discoloring, of	steam valves	were broken and the es-	ship of Aldfleld,	about 20 acres	of	which
the soil from that on either aide—all of	caping steam	blue a hole into his body	ftr£ c,eared ,	,	,,	..
which was plain to the casual observer- and almost cooked him before the engine J™ nZl^^nniv fn™ r‘gard,,lg th<? like Newton’s falling apple, Bet Mr. Craig could be moved up. He was 83 years	1	*	1 RoIhrt Moflctt,
thinking. Jho latter did not go into the ofd and unmarried.	*	| Rutledge P. O. Que.
Silas Young,
JOHN fi. ELLIOTT
Starke’s
Corners.
ate up a wad of bills, which were after was the type of engine in any way to wards returned to the Ottawa band to blame. The Viper ran on a rock in the be substituted for new ones.	English channel and was liter* 11/ amash-
Tne latest, however, relates to the ed to pieces. The cause of the wreck if troubles of an agriculturist who is the I the Cobra is n >t quite char, but it ap-owncr of a hog with an appetite for ! pears to Lave been due to the Ightnefs greenbacks. A few days ago a farmer uf her construction. She broke in I wo in was leaning over the trough for the pur- a heavy sea. The vessel was proceeding pose of otfe ing this distinguishei hog a slowly in the North Sea at the time of banquet from the surplus sleek of crab accident. Weight had probably been apples, when his wad, consisting of $35, sacrificed to speed to a dangerous extent toll from his vest pocket into the trough, in the case of the Cobra. The Cobra is The hog was upon it in an instant like a the greatest loss which the English navy elojk exchange minipulator on to a raise ! has received since the Camperdown sank in the price of wheat. The animals mai- the Victoria.
ticators got in their work on the roll and Sixty-seven persons perished, of whom 45 when the farmer succeeded in rescuing were naval men. Among those who the bills from the animal they were terri- j were drowned were Mr. Sanderson, bly the worse of wear and one end of the i superintending engineer of the Armstrong bills was entirely destroyed.	j works at Eliwick, and Mr. Barnard, man-
The amputated money in this case agor of Parson’s turbine company. Mr. was brought to the B. N. A. bank in j Barnard partly designed the Turbina, the Ottawa and the management of the bank j first vessel to be titled with turbine en-knowing the farmer, put an expert to! gine, and supervised the building of the woik and at last returned to ihe father Viper, Cobra and King Edward. Lieut, an equivalent amount of sound mon?y. j Bosworth Smith, the Cobra's commander It looks as if the banks should sound ] s ojd upon the bridge with his arn.s fold-
Gold Mine in Darling
PROPRIETOR.
The Lanark Era says: Strange re validons are said te have been sometimei ma te to people. We have heard of mi-
/A
FRESH and CURED
Farm For Sale.
shadings indicative uf the other minerals in great profusion Mr. Craig is jub'iant
over his discovery and would not sell ont I The following farms are offered for sale, topiy for twenty times the va'ue of his 'di Lots No. Hand 0, on the IIth range
f.rm l* fore he dug into «he mme. I	SSSSt l"Tr"
and in a good state of cultivation, with good fences and buildings thereon, the latter supplied with water by wind mill power.	^
Also, southwest half of No. 10 on the
MEATS
real
of all kinds at
Cooked to Death
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
Proorietor.
.


¦


###PAGE###5###
r

THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville
No. 276.
)
Ï.O.F 2
A Weekly Journal devoted to louai IntereeU.
HVBLflHeD EVERY THUBHDAY
AT HHAWVILLK, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.Q0 A YEAR IN ADVASCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages ara paid, unless by special arrangement with Vie publisher.

m
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Booms.
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.

b
{
A. SMILEY, Ppp.
LUC
American
Goal Oil
J. A. Cowan, R 8
II. 8. IUknktt, F.fl
o:
John Beckett, C. II.
ADVERTISING HATE8 :
Legal Advertising, eight cents per line for A ret Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at KOU per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for tiret Insertion and three cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or I The spot for-#or longer periods InscrU-d at low rates, which will be given on application.	|
Advertisements received without Instruction* accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly, mÊ
birth, carriage and death notices pub- It/fl Your Turn next shed free df charge; Obituary poetry to coots per line.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
J0I(N StylTlj, Proprietor.
s
A Fashionable IIair Cut
Good Shampoo, ok A Clean Shavk.
>

*
???
Just received a car of American Coal Oil, direct from the refinery, placing us in a position to save our customers 5 cents a gallon on their Oil. We can sell you regular 25c. American Oil for 20c ; 30c. quality for 25c. First time you come to town bring along your can and get sample.
???
i
re©
GEO. HYNES,

#
JOB PRINTING
The Perrin Sulkey Plow.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWTILLB, - - QUE.
I ho construction of this Plow is such that all (lithe ground or against the land is done away with, and as a result, even with a heavy driver, its draught is lighter than
The width and depth of the furrow can be regulated with certainty by the driver without his getting oft the plow and without interfereing with the management of the team.
Intending purchasers will be allowed to have a trial of the plow to convince themselves of these facts.
Publisher
aggiug ou
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
any other plow doing the same work
F.M.A.McNaughtor|,BA.,M.D.,C.M.
A large, well-selected ami varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Graduate of McGill University/
Onice—Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox. Shaw ville.
Office hour» -Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
I also keep a complete stock of tuneful Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
f
A. SMILEY.
F. T. M, C.
Orad at* of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornes awd RaaiDKXce : J. H Armithowo's Hoiae, MAIN STREET • - 8UAWVILLE.
The Best Assortment
The Largest StocK
District and Country.

Peter Nissen, of Chicago, successfully . navigated the Niagara whtrpuol rapids a short time ago in a c g vr shaped boat.
Victoria Hospital, Renfrew, i listed by the Ontario Government titled to Government aid, art! nil here - after receive $200 per annuimi.
LEGAL. *
and
BOURBEW RAINVILLE, I. LI
I
is now
as et.-
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
of Goods may be seen at
J. F. GRONAUS
WM. GAMBLE,
Bulldog fighting is said to bo becoming ft Commun spurt in Ottawa, and it is
—« «g. ww%N.. « w»|atvrrt.t17,is
BARRISTER, Ac.,
C. F. HODGINS.
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries, Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, &c.
At Shawvtlle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
*MT re-over G. F. Hodgtns’ Store, Main St.
Mrs. Thephlius Nc'ton, of Belleville,
aged 80 years, while carrying a cal oil lamp, fell and was featfally burned. Sa® died the following morning.
It is intimated on authority that there will be another session of the Ontario Legislature before an election takes p ace It is also rumouicJ that the elections will lu held eaily in January.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, *C
»
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC
Trust Building-
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
If you warnt the Best Goods at the Lowest? rices make your purchases at J. F. Groaau’s.
Phone No. 132ft.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
A Brockviile woman named Mrs. Wu-liaui Nuwland, while riding a bicycle, was run into by a butchers cait, the •haft enuring her throat, nearly eever-f I ing the windpipe. It was a narrow es cape from ins'ant death, but the doctors MAIN STREET, | think she wi.l recover.
HULL, - - QUE.
OFFICIAL SCORE -GOVERNMENT SHOOT, R. R. A
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
ADVOCATE, ko-
LAW CHAMBERS }
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
T3
We are Agents for
THE WING ESTER
The Canadian Minister of the Interior At Shawvllle 3rd Thursday each month, has dec;d d to exchange some of the
correspondents.	.	St»to.. The idem is to stimulate end
reinvigorate the Canadian herd, which now numb rs thirty, by a mixture with other stock.
i
p
T>
I
V
o
C
c
F P I F 11,
1 1 II Iff
If
Namic
3
£
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of the District lUgi.trste.' Court. I At Brockrille Seturd.y Judge McDvr.
^	aid imposed sentence on James Bums,
WoT*%2%.«wuMniVeSîl° ^-ho had pleaded guilty to burgl.ry -factorlly.	A petition was presented to the judge,
. . Qyg signed by 150 io identa, asking that v '1 clemency be shown the prisoner, and a sentence of one year in the Central Prison was imposed.

10 20 19	26
25
16
22 144 22 136 20 134 14 132
20	129
17	127
11	117
18	113 14 112 6 105
21	104
19	104
13	103
14	102
10	99
15	98
26	96
18	94
15	93
19	92
6	89
12	89
19	88
3	87
13	86
15	86
19	86
4	82
14	82
11	79
11	75
19	26
N Brownlee .. H Darrell.... F A Parker... Jno Stewart.. Dr Alexander. It C Woodley. Ed Graham... G Holgins.... Ge > Donaldson Ham Stewart. J H Stewart . A Horner.... P Smiley....
M Armstrong
Wm Murray.. Thomas Boyle. R H Klock... Thomas Hobin Wm Thomson Alex Box....
8	17
24
22
17
21
20
15
23
18
19	20
20 11
8HAWVILLE
26
16
Rifles and Guns.
18
12
14
17
16
22
14
17
8
19
18
24
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L„
10
21
14
25
19
17
If you want one write us.
NOTARY FOR THE
Nv^Ta^oaNnandohav,no^
15
12
9
24
12
18
A moose created considerable surprise by invading the precincts of the Village of Sunbndge. It was followed by a
_	_	. . la’ga crowd; finally it took t > the water
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and bat- An(| wsa *hot. Game Warden Wilmot
urday of every week.	| wee sent for and tine imposed bylaw
----------------------------------------I and du'y paid. The animal was then cut
up and distributed among the people uf the village.
2
20
16
12
21
27
19
9
18
16
16
McDOUCALL & GUZNER,
21
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON*****
8
12
21
17
14
11
- QUE
17
8
13
9
15
23
13
16
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
16
14
15
16
17
10
15
17
6
23
11
10
11
12
21
19
J. J. TURNER,
20
11
11
9
18
14
11
14
16
22
4
9
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. Sales conducted in a business-like I The Protestant hospital at Ottawa has
SavSF II ^ ss
$3,000. U *8 6	® CU °r th® yeaF 11
16
17
21
7
15
A statement lias been issued by the
...	. Joseph Chartrand, of Nepean, has been
Ontario Government which a..owe that gn0(j f and costs for fishing with
including the proceeds of considerable ,n Lake Deschene, near Britannia. ____
sales of timber on the crown lands, it defendant did not deny the charge, but had in nine month a reveuue of $3,3^8,
13
16
14
18
17
a net The
8
20
17
19
5
4
17
6
9
16
17
18
9
11
16
2
18
21
.	. said his father before him had caught
653. The expenditure during the hi me in the same way for many years and
time was $3,098, *92.	1 he difference of hed never been interfered with.___________
$279,861 is called a “surplus. It may considered that lie should have the same look differently in three months.	privileges
10
9
11
17
9
13
A R McGuire H Armstrong. Jno Hodfiins.
19
16
9
15
6
19
He
HOTELS.
14
12
11
14
16
6
The teachers in training at Athens,,	..	,
Ont., model school have organized a com- .{/ nowara.
bine to raise the salaries of teachers, and ' rn ^amen,n OSE | have invited Perth, Prescott, Gananoque and Kingston model schools to co-operate.
They desire to fix the minimum sa'aries at $300 for the male and $275 for female teachers.
13
5
15
20
4
15
St. Lawrence Hall,
10
7
16
2
13
19
10
21
17
10
13
7
Alfred Howard... James Wilson... Robert Ralph...
Wm Wallace......
S Howard........
J A Cowan.......
Ralph Richardson
Silas Yonng.....
H Barnett.......
Win Eades.......
J A Mousseau.... Wm Hodgins....
Wm Glenn........
George Bailey...
A Clarke........
H Armstrong....
J G Elliott.....
J Matheson......
Ed Lang.........
MuCosheni
Longest Railway Run
George Sinclair a clerk in aSudbury store till four weeks ago, committed suicide in a house of ill-fame in that town where
T-, Q
10
8
12
13
15
10
10
14
2
Mrs C Me McLean,
Proprietress.
13
14
15
lv England holds the record for the long
12	75 est regular railwsy run without a stop, he had taken up his residence after he
This is from Paddington to Exeter-194 discharged. It is said that he want-miles. France comes next, the run from 1° marry one of the inmates but she Paris to Calais 185& miles in length. The	inmates, but she refused him because he
longest run without a stop in the United	was already married. This so preyed upstates is from New York to Troy-148 ;	on his mind that he ended his agony by
miles. One would suppose that in Can- j a dess of carbolic acid.
.	55	| ada, with our magnificent distances, we
55 could beat this, but we cannot. The1 A mean swindle was perpetrated upon 4	52	longest run in this country is probably	Mrs Lemieux, Montreal, wife of the
51	on the C.P.lt , from Keewatin west to |	cashier of the Ville Marie Bank, now
11	49	Bird's Hill, a distance of 121 miles
11
7
13
6
13
14
11
9
6
14
11
12
13
11	75
18	74
12
4
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Li vert Attached.
19
16
17
10
15
14
Now that the time of gathering mush rooms is at hand, and only experts are supposed to tell the real articles from toadstools, the best test for non experts seems to be that if you eat a mushroom 11 and you live, it is a mushroom, whereas if you eat a mushroom and it kills you, it is a toadstool.
“Don't forswear the Eves, but remember Adam wasn't in Paradise, so find a by-anri by, and through the power of a genuine woman's love regain and keep your Eden green through a long and happy life.”—Louisa M. Alcott, in The Ladies' Home Journal for September.
F. U. Cloigue, of Ssu’.t Ste. Marie, who is at the head of a dan or more big commercial enterprises, hss decided n I upon tie construe ion of antther water-
SHAW VILLE, Q, «»»*I10 °0»* upwards r.f $2,000,-
[000. Associated with Mr. C.ergue in this enterprise are Messrs. Widener and of Philadelphia,	under
Five years ago James M Dillon, of stood, will furnish one-half of the capi-Ganenoque, went to ihe Klondike and t,1 The new canal i. intended to denow he is tupi oied *o be worth a mil- velop about twenty thousand horte power Sam Grant lion uid has returned to hi* home with electrically in the rapids or falls of 8t. R Howard bags <-f geld	Mary's River, opposite the ship canal. 1 H Fades.
73
15
14
12
14
18
8
16
13	70
2	67
12
6
8
7
9
8
14
11
10
13
60
16
21
23
m
à
12
19
6
12
15
i

6
12
10
12
15
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and .
L JEWELLER
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OP
watches,
CLOCKS, JEWBLLEltr. SILVERWARE Ac. to.
12
7
6
11
12
; K
\

V
6
11
12
16
6
serving his time in St. Vincent de Paul, by a man named Landry, who called upon Mrs. Lemieux, claiming to have obtained an order for her husband's release, and secured $75 dollars for his efforts.
16
4
12
3
8
10
47
10
21
6
happy alone even little better half
6
45
15
15
9
Wants Premier to Resign
3
4	44
\
10
13
6

7
42
o
18
2
4
12
4
and

8	41 j EDITOR OF A LIBERAL NEWSPAPER IN MANI
TOBA hPEAKM 1IIS MIND.
8
8
9
4
4
Jno Howard...
D Dufault.....
Joe McKibbon. Hugh Horner.. R Me Ritchie.. E Richardson.. Wm Belsher... J B Armstrong R Richardson.. J Richardson.. Wm Homer... G Richardson.. James Howard. James McLean.

42
By many the opinion is held that the Indians p aying lacrosse with or agsinet white teams refrain from roughness only because lacking the moral courage to transgress the rules of the game. That is unjufct to the red man. The Cornwall Island and Caughnawaga teams played at Cornwall a short time ago before a friend ly auditnee, and according to the 8tan-ard the referee did not have to call a halt or rule a man offdurir.g the entire match There was some hard checking and the game resulted in a draw, bat at no time did “red men of the forest " grow nasty. They 1» are that to 41 the whve men " of culture.
17
8
2
9
6

v
fi


40
2
8
13
9
8
) t>
A despatch from Winnipeg says: The McGregor Herald, a Libaral paper, and strong supporter of Laurier, is oufc with an article on Laurier a declaration that there is nothing to reform. It refers to Laurier s failure to carry out many of his pledges, and concludes : “ We ore compelled to protest and tell him that he ii not faithful to the trust reposed in him and ought to resign. There is no place 13	1 among true Libezals for snch men.
Mr. Bailey, the editor of the Herald, 8 I stumped at the last general election for . I Laurier candidate*.
39
13
17
9

4 p
1
37
2 10
sfi
11
8
6

20	33
4	33
8	30
19	20




Repatriwi—
a Speciality
—
14

<

3
3
2
8
9
29
11
18
26
2
8
5
11
21
11
10
18
4
11
13
13
5
11
2
11
7
4
2
6
# #

V „
i



: i
*

###PAGE###6###

7

i



s
from which tho plants can draw their nourishment when needed tiens are now most favorable for this operation and tho farmer who can plow and harrow the fields to be sown in the spring will have done much not only to ensure early sowing. but to provide against possible drouth.
A
ON THE FARM. |
Sozodont
GRAINS OP GOLD.
Progress is the activity of to-day the assurance of to-morrow—
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA
Condl-
Kmerson.
'1 lie desire of appearing clever often prevents one becoming so—Roche-
“o vain of one", rank or piaco UNIFORM GOOD QUALITY DID IT
has earned for Itself THE GOOD REPUTATION it now has
and will always sustain.
Good for Bad T
111
lean tonnes, 2sc., toe., son. and non.
Not Bad for Good Teetli
is to show that one is below it—
God is on tho side of virtue; for	Want tmtSurit*"loot), Voutro. Amis, etherF»VITSendmovsi, le
IT'S?	‘u JSS The Daw,on commission Co. “-ass.TrttSK.-
# it—Colton.
Despite all refinement, the light andl	NFI D WAMTCII
habitual taking of God’s name in___near fthlf I til»
vain, betrays a coarse and brutal \*rANTKD-PAKTIK8 TO DO KNITTING A GANTS-If Y0U WANT A UNI Of i will.-Chapin.	ff for ue »t home. We furnUh yarn end	teeMelllef Mode (hat five jou ovet
, .rrATÆTS Ssr «««MSB ÊB « t-w s$
h 1rs of other men, than in their
fall plowing
FARM NOTES
One of tho greatest losses that follow in tho train of a dry season Is the prevention of fall plowing addition to tho opportunity given for
early
To preserve tho wheels of vehicles, and also to prevent shrinking of any of the parts, put some boiling linseed oil Into a pan or other vessel and raise the wheel so that the rim will pass through tho oil Revolve tho wheel and let the felloes he well soaked for about three minutes, and the wheel will then be more durable.
There is no rule for feeding, as each individual must be considered separately from tho others. It is not an uncommon error to suppose that the animals which cat but little are the most profitable. So long as an animal is capable of digesting and assimilating food tho greater the amount of food it should consume and the more profitable tho returns, especially with producers, such ns cows. The proportion of food required to support an animal and supply waste of tissue is less when a large amount of food is eaten than when a smaller quantity is consumed.
What to do with tho manure when it is heating and "fire-fangs’* is a problem with busy farmer®, who cannot stop other work, to handle the heap. Overheating does not prevail to a great extent with mixed manure that has been supplied with absorbents and which has not been exposed to the air. The best thing to do Is to handle tho manure by turning it over and trampling it firmly in a heap, but if this cannot be done make openings in the heap with a crowbar and pour in sufficient cold water to check tho heating water will also prevent loss of ammonia by absorbing it.
While the use of the best cows is a
25c
Sozodont ¦¦¦l Sozodont Tooth Powder 25c Urge Liquid end Powder 75c
HALL A RUCKEL. New York.
25c
In
sowing and planting in the spring fall plowing exerts a most beneficial effect upon the soil well known that cultivation tends to
Land turned up and loosened by the plow before the fall rains set in act as a sponge to absorb and hold the moisture. When, as happened, during the season just closing, there is a scarcity of early spring rains, this serves largely to counteract the effect of a drouth that otherwise would be much more injurious
AGENTS WANTED.
It is
conserve moisture

IMPATIENT PATIENTS
l
A Distinguished Physician Gives own —Terence
His Opinion.	I	—
upheld iiis objection. I AGBoTk!
Not long ago a certain brass band, I i 1 6flj“VaniiVy BJbATbume,U/u\°"our pHc2i which shall be nameless, was engaged are low and our terme extra liberal, A free
sa "Sr St», I EBaBEMBHEBS
! suggested that they should have a
!

CRYING BABIES
People so frequently blame a dot-tor for failing to perform impossibilities that at the recent meeting of | The Cry of An Infant is Nature’s the British Medical Association a
distinguished physician undertook to i	tune/ but the driver of the wagon I mHB SUN SAVINGS AND LOAN COM.
state the case futrly, ami show that Babies never cry unless there m at oncc objected to tho project	l PA NY telling «lock» and debsnturei
o‘",“ I s"«T.sr. rxzx	..-—- SSE-œB'-PS
As human beings have become more I signal that there is something wrong. Uut why? persisted the conductor I Write to the Company's addiw, Toronto
ti-	ssr u-	-, wKi-xasrai"
treatment that	produces	Immediate	I something	wrong may	be.	II	the NOi saill the drlver	they	wouldn't	wholeer pertiime. Llbeiîf lira, on wuîï
results. Thenco	arise two evils,	fretfulness	and Irritation	aro	not	Then whv ohiert?	or qommisikn, with expemee gu<ran?e#d.
ass, asrs st^r Iss aarargugs
.z,55toritjfi.ss.tt3s?	w'sst*aatss.vrssafa
what is tho matter with	him. The	Own 1 ablets without	tho	slightest	vou ain’t a-irnin' to	take	nn m,»*n	h> employ ment* : potiUon peraanent; 100V
doctor cannot	always	toll, and	delay.	ad vantage of «mil That’s	whv I snr	per year and expenses! ^telUb'e Arm; beïl
would like to await developments. I For indigestion, sleeplessness, the no toons.	^	| (?K EKF K.1 addm/ïto Trut^Offlw! To™'n tti
Hut the patient insists on being dos- : irritation accompanying the cutting ed, and as often as not demands of teeth, diarrhoea, constipation, that an "operation” bo performed, colic, and simple fevers, these mar-If he were content to go to bod and voilons little tablets have given recure lief in thousands of cases and saved the doctor suggests j many previous baby lives. Do not
no- give a child so-called "soothing” thing is being dono" for him. and ho | medicines; such only stupify and pi hastens to call another doctor
Two things the public needs to I Tablets are guaranteed to contain no . ..	realize : that the best physicians do opiate or other harmful drugs; they
very important matter, yet the man- not travel with knives in their hands promote sound, healthy sleep bc-ftgcim-nt of the farm and the cattle —since they know that surgery has cause they go directly to the root of has something to do with the pro- its pajna and perils, as well as its baby troubles. Dissolved in water i action of milk. There are co\is 8UCC498eS|—and that they are in- these tablets can bo given to the that will give more milk on some créa singly averse to dealing out youngest infant. Mrs. Walter Brown, farms than on others, due to better drugs. Tho great men of the pro- Milby, Que., says.—"I have never varieties of grass more grain food fusion win half their victories with used any medicine for baby that did and more comfortable quarters. An, pure air, cleanliness, proper diet, as much good as Baby's Own Tah-int iffcient f irmer may have good an(j insistence on exercise for well I lets. I would not be without them.” cows from, which no profit is derived pCOpi0 and rest for sick ones. Less Baby’s Own Tablets are for sale at because of poor management. Bur- famous physicians would be glad to all drug stores, or will be sent di-
mg ong periods of drouth the pas- f0u0W their example if men and wo- rect on receipt of price (25 cents a turc may provide but a fraction

Signal of Distress
In Manitoba and the Northwest summer fallowing is largely practised not only to exterminate tho weeds but to store up the lato summer showers for tho crop of the succeeding season, and experiments conducted at the Government farms at Ottawa and Guelph proved conclusively that a large amount of moisture is held by soil worked in this way Fall plowing has the advantage also of utilizing tho pulverizing and mellowing effect of frost on the land. Experience has shown over and over again that land plowed in the fall
YIELDS BETTER CROPS
than that plowed in the spring, that it is more easily pulverized, makes a smoother plant bed. and has received not only moisture but valuable plant food from tho rain and snow. Another advantage of fall plowing is the fact that tho cover crop turned under will have been made available as plant food by the time the plants require it in the spring, which would not be the case if turned down shortly before the seed is sown. The thrift of a crop depends very largely on the conditions attending its growth during the first few weeks. If moisture is wanting, if there is nn insufficiency of rain to wash down and convert tho manure and soil particles into plant food which the growing rootlets can assimilate, the growing crop gets a set back which no favorable conditions of summer will enable it to overcome. The only safeguard against this possibility is to give the land all the cultivation possible in the fall and so build up n bed which will act as a storehouse
Tho conductor subsided, and there were no toons on that Journey.
"EETANTED-GOOD men only to SELIi
? ? our well known specialties. Wo art one of the oldest and mo«t reliable flrmi in Canada, Balarr or commission. Exclusive territory. Outfit free. Pelham Nursery Co.,
There are 27,960 joint-stock companies in tho United Kingdom, with | Toronto^ OnL a combined capital of one billion five hundred and twelve million pounds.
keep still, his ailmant might itself ; yet ifgg this, tho patient concludes that
Buenos Ayres is the largest city south of the equator. Rio do Jan-if •	. n ... .	.	; Giro comes next, and Sydney, New
llliiiards Liniment Cores Diphtheria, south w&iee, is a good third.
A commercial traveller connected IlflOfU'S 11H I# Ctlf3S GlMl Ifl COWS
with a certain cycle company went from homo to a distant town Just be-
Tho
<
duce unnatural sleep
Baby s Own
.	i..,,.,	I Cocoanut butter is now produced
fore un interesting family event took in Mannheim at the rate of ten tons
place. io set his mind at rest he a day. ft contains 90 per cent, of left orders with tho nurse to wire: fat, while ordinary butter has only Gentlemans safety arrived, if the 85 per cent. It will keep for three expected stranger turned out to be a | months, boy, and if a girl to wire the words,
Lady's safety arrived. Judge of his surprise and dismay when a few days later a message arrived containing only the ominous word: Tandem.
,.	. ,A. 1A	,.of men would possess their souls
the grass compared with its capacity patience and forego the desire early in the season, and it. therefore becomes more difficult for the nni-
in box) by addressing the Dr. Williams to Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
...Dear Sirs,—This is to certify that I have been troubled with a lamo
Minards liniment Cures Distemper, I i have used"three*bottles of yOUr
'MiNARU S LINIMENT and am completely cured.
pleasure to
An Englishman once arrived at a I commend it and you are at liberty town in Eastern Europe with a largo to use this in any way to further the number of gold bars, etc. Tho box- uso of your valuable medicine, cs containing tho precious metal were I Two Rivers. ROBERT ROSS, placed in a wagon for conveyance to the bunk, and their guardian took his seat with the driver.
Ah, said tho latter as the heavy wagon rumbled over a somewhat frail bridge, it's a long time since I drove across hero. Tho mayor gave special permission for your Excellency to use it.
Indeed, said the Englishman, feeling highly Mattered; aren't the public allowed to cross it?
Not they, said tho driver, it's been closed as unsafe for years.
turn their stomachs into apothecary shops. Give the doctor—and nature —a chance.
—o
Lady—I am going to give a ball, and 1 want you to polish this floor. Do von thoroughly understand your business?
Polisher—Well, madam, you inquire at the major's up the street. On his ballroom floor, the last party lie j I gave, six people broke their legs bef I fore twelve o'clock, and an old gentleman broke his neck down the stairs. It was I, madam, who polished that floor and staircase.
mais to supply themselves, flciency tho farmer should
This de-observe
and supply.
Once wo read of a farmer tn some of the Western States who moved his barn three times to get it away from the manure heap, and was IS ONE TAUGHT US BY THE | about ready to do so again, when he EXPERIENCE OF OTHERS
BY SPECIAL PERMISSION
TIIE USUAL THING.
Briggs—I suppose now that you've got back from your vacation you will take a good long rest.
Griggs—That’s the worst of it. 7 spent so much money that I’ve got to work harder than ever.
The Lesson of Health
was saved the trouble, as the sheriff sold the farm and ho moved his
household goods. The man who fails to save and use not only all his solid manure, but the liquids as well, or who allows them to bo washed and leached away, putting only a weather beaten and water-soaked remnant on the fields, is but a little less foolish than the man who left his manure heaps and moved his Among the multitude of ailments burn. Tho liquid manure from farm that afflict humanity there are few stock is nearly as valuable as tho that cause more acute misery than solids, and in some cases more so. indigestion or dysrpepsia, as it is ajl(f we have seen a man dig a trench variously called. Both young and that tho liquid might run away in-old are susceptible to its attacks, to the brook, and then down the and its victims throughout the coun- | stream, perhaps to tho place where try are numbered by tens of thousands. Among the disagreeable symptoms which accompany dyspepsia and make it easily recognizable, are weight, uneasiness and a heavy feeling in tho stomach after eating, a feeling of weariness, sick headache and dizziness, pains in the stomach, offensive breath, irritability, etc.
Ordinary medicines will not cure dyspepsia. They may relieve its symptoms temporarily, but the trouble always returns and each time in an intensified form Pink Pills
which will thoroughly and effectively cure dyspepsia. These pills act not merely upon the symptoms, but the disease itself through the blood, hence through the stomach, which is strengthened and restored to its normal functions.
Mrs. Alp. Lussier, a lady well known in Sorti, Que., is one of the many who have been released from the dutches of dyspepsia through the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and in the hope that her experience will be of benefit to some other sufferer she gives the following story for publication
years I was a sufferer from dyspepsia or tynd indigestion. The disease became chronic and I was an almost continual sufferer from headaches, heartburn and heart palpitation.
All sense of taste left me and
Learn This Lesson Well and the Ravages of Disease Will No Longer Be So Prevalent — The Story of One Who Has Been Benefited and Who Offers Her Experience To Aid Others.
The worst epidemic of smallpox ever known was when the Brazilians lost 43,000 men, or 35 per cent, of their army, in tho war against Paraguay.
There are in use in the world at present 8,900 tons of gold, and 70,000 tons of silver.
S0Z0D0NI for the TEETH 25c

When you write to an advertiser tell mm that feu eaw ms advertisement In this paper. It le te your interest to do se, me Our Felke are treated rieneetly and eerved with the beet
FACTS ABOUT SOUND.
During tho firing of minute-guns by the English fleet at Spithcnd, on the occasion of Queen Victoria's funeral, the sounds were heard at surprising distances inland, and tho English scientific journals have since published many interesting facts about these phenomena. It seems to bo established that not only the direction of the wind, but its relative ! velocity at different elevations from the ground, affected tho direction of tho	sound-waves. In some cases,
contrary winds refracted the Sound over the heads of observers between 10 and 45 miles from t he ships, so that they did not hear the guns, but tho	same waves were afterwards
brought to the ground by favorable upper currents, rendering the sounds audible at 50 miles, and even ns far as 140 miles, while at 84 miles they were so loud that laborers in tho fluids put down their spades and listened to them.
ELEVEN TEAM A
CLOSE PB1S0NEB,
From L'Sorclois, Sorti, Que
W PC 1098
CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
STORY OF A QUEBEC MAN’S TRIAL AND HIS LONG UNEARNED PUNISHMENT.
A VANCOUVER LADY
the cattle drink
His Recent Marvellous Escape by the Aid of Dodd's Kidney Pills— His Gratitude to the Help that Saved Him—Six Boxes Completely Restored Him to Health.
Cored of Asthma After Bight Years of Almost Constant Suffering.
She soys the Absolute Freedom From the Disease Seems Like a Dream, Clarke's Kola Compound Cores.
Mrs. J. Wise, Mt. Pleasant, Vancouver,
B.C., writes:—" I have been a great sufferer from bronchial asthma for the past eight years, many times having to sit up nearly all night. Through the advice of a friend who had been cured by Clarke’s Kola Compound I teeolved am * last resort to try It. The first bottle did not relieve me much, but before 1 had finished the third bottle the attacks ceased altogether, and during the past six months of damp and cold weather have not had a single attack. It seems something like a dream to l>e free from this worst of all diseases after
consider It a marvellous remedy, and would Largs and FutSteamships. Superior eooommodetto* uige any person suffering from this disease for all class** olpnmeniers. Saloons and Stateroom! to trv It."	tre amldeàlpa Special ettenUoo hae been given to Lh|
A free "Ample bottle w.U be .ent to any |	££	* .£ ^
et the uempany, or
Bletards, Mille à Oe,
T7 State 8k, Boston.
For mil skin ailments.
!• 0. C*>srt A Co.. Mmmoheotor, England
WHY HE LOOKS HAGGARD
Who is that sad, disconsolate-looking follow?
He is a mnn who has made a study of rules of health.
Whose rules of health?
Everybody's rules of health. That's the trouble with him. He's been trying to live up to them.
What does he do?
Everything that lie is told to do, and when he isn’t doing anything else, he worries because the rules arc so conflicting.
And is it undermining his health?
Of course, anyone’s health
What arc some of the rules?
Well, here are two of them: only a light breakfast
FRENCH CLEANING.
For made op Goods, Belts In Clo.h, Velvet, SUh or Fuie and all valuable bouse Hangings, nothing to equal it If dome by the
•BITItN AldiniOAM I
St. Patrice, Lotbiniere, Que., Oct 14.—(Special.)—A sad story of just imprisonment is that told Phillippo Boissonneault, of place, llis case was worse that of the ordinary prisoner, for his bonds were those of pain and disease. For eleven years they held him a hopeless victim, chained, tortured, a slave to Kidney Disease.
Who is tlitre in tho world that thinks man was intended to suffer, that ho merits his fate, that lie deserves the afflictions disease put him ? Surely, no one thinks that. We were put here to be happy, to be and Break- healthy, and free from pain. Nobodv fast should be the best meal of the will say that Phil lippe Boiasoneault
Patrice deserved his long punishment, and nobody but will
un
by
this
than
ntreal,

Dr. Williams’ is the only medicine
«
i

IJ2LD
on
Jiinnrd’s Liniment Cures Colds, etc
It would undermine
on
Yes, George asked me how old I would be on my next birthday. Tho imprudent fellow said nineteen. No, I said twenty-six
Mercy, girl, you aren't but twenty-four
give me a cluster ring with a dia moud for every year.
Eat
Of course you
person who ham asthma. Enclose 0c stamps Address The Griffiths and Macpherson Co. Limited, 121 Church street. Toronto. Ont.
day
of St
D. Terrance àOo..
Montreal and Portland,
What are some of the others?
Run or walk two miles before rejoice to learn that through breakfast, and Never attempt to do aid of a wonderful medicine—Dodd anything on an empty stomach Anv more?
No, but George is going to
tho
Clarke’s Kola Compound should not be . confounded with the other Kola prépara- |	Haa a ? ?	???
tlons on the market, as this la altogether a	&	1A ^99# r¦
different preparation, designated especially	|| g	gm \ \	IV gg BRA
Pper'MÎ!,0' ,,thma- A1‘4rugg1,ts- PT I	AM I	WV 9	U IIIIM
s
Kidney Pills,—he has escaped
Dodd’s Kidney
Pills, the remedy
Take a cold bath	the first thing	that proved such a boon, have	made
in the morning, and	Remember the	a reputation nil over	the world in
shock to the system of suddenly en- curing of diseases of and arising | countering heat or cold is very in- from the Kidneys. Bright's Disease.
Rheumatism, * Lumbago, Bladder and Urinary
¦ ¦.	J Although Oh, dear. no. There are hundreds Pills have testimonials for the euro
soxcrul lemedics. none of of other rules. For instance: I)o not of all of them. PhiUlppc Bofsson-them gave	me	any	relie»,	and	I	began	got in the habit of	sleeping in the	neault's case was the	common	form
to legatd	my	lue	as	a	burden,	ra-	daytime, and Always	take a nap in	1 of Kidney Disease,
ther than a joy as it should be. One the afterm on:	Eat only at fhcal-1
day while reading 1 come across a
cured
For over two
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS
--------o-------- Instrumente, Drums, Uniforms. Etc.
The rccorcT sum spent upon tho im- | EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Lowest prices ever quoted. Fine catalogue 500Illustrâti me. mailed free. Write ua for any thing in Mn*lc nr llntlcal Instrument*.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
COCOA
provement of a single street was the £2,860,000 upon the rebuilding of the Hue de Rivoli, Paris.
juri.uis.
Anything else?
Diabetes,
Backache
at
WHALEY BOYCE & 00., Limited,
Deafness Cannot be Cured
Toronto, Ont, and Winnipeg, Men
iby local applications, as they cannot reach tho
BREAKFAST-SUPPER
l l°^edaP Plil f h a9 inCy Th"00 i	;
way to euro deafness, and that la by constitutional remedies. Des f nr sfr it caused bv an ,	...	¦ r _	, Inflamed condition of ihe mucous lining or the
In a well-known street in London Eustachian Tube. When this tube is In-
a beggar w as often seen plodding flamed ;
The dog
and
than one could imagine I tried
and Sheet Metal Works
__	|	,	ROOFING 81.ATE, In Black
Desfnrs#" it caused by an | Red or Green. SLATE BLACKBOARDS. We huiiplf
Public and High School». Torontti Roofing Felt, Pitch, ................ ................ Coal Tar. etc. ROOFING TILE (See New City Ruild-
had round his neck a placard with ( to its normal condlthn, hearing will be dePity the Blind in large red letters |
passing one day, drop- | flamed condition of the mucous eurac®'. ped a sixpence into the man’s out- i We will give One Hundred Dollars for
stretched hand. Halloa! he cried as
he was turning away, was that a i0r circulera, free.
half-sovereign I gave you?	F. J. ORKNEY & CO., Toledo, O
No, sir—no, answered the beggar; ! Sold by Drugglrte, 75c. only sixpence.	I H.11'. Fwtg MÜ, are the best
So, said Mr. T blind, after all.
Bless you, sir, no! he replied. You nomical to
placard refers to the dog. 4!rs u~oh. >’es' “V husband docsn t
¦ eat half as much as lie did.
ROOFING
ono
«
THERE WAS NO DECEPTION
!¦¦¦¦ I	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I For eleven years I have su IT? red
times, ond Eat whenever you are untold agony with Backache which hungry; Eat no ment, and If you	crippled me ns though I were barred
wo *:d be strong ent plenty of fresh	and shackled. I dwindled in weight
In	the hope that	I	m;#t: Get up at five o'clock every	j to a mere shadow. I have taken nil
\\ould receive	similar benefit I	de-	morning, and Sleep until thoroughly	sorts of remedies, nothing doing
ruled to	give	the	p Is a trial.	I	rested, no matter how late it is.	any good I read in Docld's^ A1
had not taken the pills long before I Vm not surprised that ho looks manne what was recommended could see that my hopes for recovery	haggard	and ill.	'	the	Kidneys. I	decided	to try	them
were being realized. Ily tho time I	Neither is anyone	else who knows and	sent for six	boxes,	though	with-
had taken half a dozen boxes all	what he	is trying to	do.	out	confidence,	but	to-dav	t am
symptoms of the trouble had <hsap-	---D------- completely cured, and	thank Dodd's
nsTdidbefore^ng’ sokodwUh the IIE WAS USED TO ”•	e,one ,0r lt"
malady. I have no hesitation in A gentleman took a country friend saying that I think that Dr. Wil- to the opera one night to hear the 1 jams’ Pink Pills are the best known Meistersinger performed, euro for dyspepsia, and 1 would He was very anxious to see the ef-strongly advise all sufferers to give feet of Wagner’s glorious music on them a trial.	the countryman, and watched him
The old adage, "Experience is the keenly during the rendering of the best teacher, might well be applied overture, which, grand as it is, is a s of dyspepsia, and if sufferers little noisy, more especially when the would only be guided by the experi- bang of the drums and the crash of ence of those who have suffered but the cymbals occur at intervals, are now well and happy through the But the countryman’s face remain-use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, cd absolutely unmoved. At Inst the there would be less suffering through- Londoner could bear his friends in-out the land. Dr. Williams’ Pink difference no longer, pills can be had at all dealers in Doesn’t this glorious volume of medicine or by mail, post paid, at sound affect you? he said.
5 > rents a box or six boxes for $2.50 Oh, not In tho least, was the calm bv add#"#wing the Dr. Williams' reply; you forgot I am a boiler-Mvdi'ik'v U*®., Brock ville, Out.	maker.
about with a small dog was held by a piece of chain
case similar to my own through tho use of Dr. Williams Pink Pills, so
Mr. T
me
AFETY ECURITY
proper depository for the eav logs of the people, la
s
any
ARK
IN DISPENSAI! LE FEATURES
for
of a
you are not
CANADA'S
Mrs. A—Do you find it more eco-NMgNÈMNgdo your own cooking?
PREMIER
RIDICULOUS TO HURRY
sec, the He's blind, not I
COMPANY
The day was young and very warm. Two men, each carrying a lot of tools, came slowly up to tho corner of a street in London, and there paused. A car had jus/t passed the corner, and was about twenty feet away.
There's our car, remarked one calmly.
No matter, replied his companion; we’d have to hurry to catch it. There’ll be another in an hour.
And they seated themselves in a doorway, and lit their pipes.
They were plumbers.
these are the most distinctive char acteristica.
_______I-, They are combined
with a profitable return to the depositor.	,	,
Apply for particulars—
Mi*,

i
CUb
The CANADA PEBMANENT Ml WESTERN CANADA

St
Jeas

-Mi*
tb
Mortgage Corporation, Toronto Street, Toronto,


k —

QZ0DÛN f Tooth Powder 25o













###PAGE###7###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)


1
"Any introductions 1 cnn give you will be heartily at your service."
"You are very good, I am erne," said Daunt, with u grave bow. "Arc you a landholder, and-------"
"Slave-owner, you would say 7 Alas, ye®. But what would you have ? I inherited them, and they alone con work the sugar-cane, which ie the chief source of our wealth."
1 suppose you think that nothing but slave-labor would do your work well ?" asked Daunt.
• "It would kill any other class. That consoles me."
"Hut the Moret Iqw is actually in force in Cuba," continued the young baronet.
The Marquis looked at Daunt
blankly.
"1 have never

%
I
HIS
k
The Untimely End of
Joeeph Devae.
ILL-GOTTEN | WEALTH.
X

Vs
»
o
î
A
i
X
X
Y
4
51,1
V
9 9
•> •>•;• •:* % *>< 'K“!m> *> *K* ? ? * •> ? * ?** ?* ? * <• *> >

à
L

A
SYNOPSIS OP PRECEDING on arrival Daunt found but two CHAPTERS.—Securities vanish from other guests.
the strong-room of Candt>y.t, Dandy "Mr. Meggitt, I don't think you
and Waldo, bankers. Mr. Faske of know—" said Mrs. Waldo, introduc-
Scotland Yard Is called in to solve ing the new cashier, who stood near-
the mystery. There are two keys Cst to her ; "Mr. Meggitt, Sir Rich-
to the strong-room—one held by Mr. ttrd Daunt."
Waldo, partner, the other by Mr.	Daunt bowed stiffly.
Surtees chief cashier. This latter	"Pardon me," ho said, "I have al-
ha i two children, Dob and Jose- rcady met Mr. Meggitt, and under
|>hino. He reproaches Bob, who is pCCUjjftr circumstances, but wo had
an extravagant subaltern wjMjT . *8V not then the honor to be acquaint-pirations to the hand of Helena
ISmMil ! rasK
bonds answering to description of	But Daunt had already turned on
missing securities are found in his his heel. Mrs. Waldo was introduc-posscsslon. Ho Is convicted and sen- ing the second guest, tcncod to seven years penal servi-	"This is the Marquis do Ojo Verde,
tude. Mrs. Waldo misses some pa- a Spanish—"
pars and accuses Josephine of the	"Cuban, my dear madam, rather
theft.	than Spanish ; but I am a cosmo-
politan—eo, I have heard, is Richard Daunt."
Daunt bowed civilly, and spoke a When hope was nearly dead in him, few words of welcome in Spanish. Bob Surtees heard through his sis- The Marquis replied in the same ter that there was some chance of language, but with some hesitation, his obtaining a dramatic engagement, j "Mine is not the pure Castilian, I Josephine had met Mrs. Bonastro in fear," ho went on in English, which Bond street, and the	kind-hearted	certainly	seemed to Daunt purer
actress had half offered	to	take Bob	than his	Spanish. "Wo American
on the Royal Roscius.	[Spaniards have got only a patois of
Bob went to the theatre, and was our own In exchange for the 1 anal length admitted to fini them all 'gunge of Cervantes and Lope de busy at rehearsal. Mr. Bonastro at Vega."
once sought his advice. The scene "The language of kings, as Charles was an officer's barrack-room ; they V. called it," replied Daunt ; "it is tried to be very realistic at the a grand sonorous tongue."
Roscius, and the manager	confessed	[ this	time Daunt was furtively
readily to Bob that	he	would be	examining	the Marquis, with whose
glad of any hints.	[name he was familiar already. Ho
The curtain was supposed to go up jlftd no£ forgotten the gambling on a barrack-room scene. I4 rom hi9 ' transaction, as brought out at old knowledge of military life Bob was Surtees' trial, and he was curious able to be of the greatest assistance bo ascortatn what manner of man it in the staging of the piece.	was who had victimized Bob.
There was a little round of up The Cuban nobleman was out-plnuse from the stalls, where two or war(jiy much the same as when three privileged frioids had witness- (iincd with Meggitt at the Junior cd the rehearsal.	Bel grave. Ho was dressed with
"Indeed, Mrs. Bonnstrc, Bob jfastidious nicety, but still in rather heard a voice that was familiar say, ft florjd atylo ; he wore many Jewels just behind him, "n fine performance. |nnd a lsrge star on hig breast But Hut situation is striking and origin- bis face, although schooled to court-al. and the piece admirably played. ,y smilcS| bore the same sinister
Men compliments.	look ; his red and white complexion,
The Marquis I You here 7 said brought out into strong relief, as
Bob, surprised.	r * t* ljf0 brilliant as to seem artificial,
\es, mon cher, from the first. H [usual, the fierce black eyebrows and
wits dark ; you did not sec me. 1 moustnchios, and the great promin-ndoro the drama. and our friend ;cn, bold	ln	of thc cl(lbov„
Meggitt has presented me to Mrs. 'atc manner. Daunt disliked thc man’s Bon astre, who, with her estimable appearance much.
Z^sm^rt:d%onCl	clos,
' «1^ % T "d
It was a very natural remark to „ 11 s. a	^age,	tl,c
make, and Bob listened to it with- Marquis, with the air of a con-
out receiving any particular im- noisicur We foreigners ore not pression. Yet that remark camc «-PP'>scd to understand wine, but I back to him. long after and with pc- th,lnJ£ 1 have a nice palate for porV cullar force, as the render will by- Vollr Spanish vrines arc not to and bv see	bo spoken of in thc same day as
What diminished its effect that mo- th4°,w of Portugal," said Meggitt,
ment at the Royal Roscius was that ,ra.t”cr modestly, a summons came to Bob from the1 I ardon me, the Catalan wines manager’s office.	|havc U’clr. ™crita' Now the Valdc-
Tlicrc ho found Mr. Bonnstre. who Pc,,a8 ^nejo is remarkable for Introduced him to a sleek, stout man |bouquet and flavor, in a badly-fitting frock coat, and a _ Mut thc, Valdepenas is a wine o face imperfectly shaved.	|^a Mancha, not Catalonia, said
• This, Surtees, Is my secretary. Uau"t, with an air of knowledge.
Mr. Lamb. He has a word to say I /'You are right ; only I have some to you from me.”	vineyards south of nnagona,
The word was an offer of an en- wI,ich Produce a wlno of the Valdc-gngement for six months certain at Pc“”-S class-
three guineas a week.	Js that on the estate of which
you were speaking to me at the bank thc other day ?" inquired Waldo with an air of interest.
"Precisely ; they arc rich in vino-yards, olive-groves, and corn."
gffi
1


M
«
¦
«

’( V
«

vim
c




• ks»i
•7k J
heard of it," ) e
suit!
fill OLDEST IXCUSe ON MCCOHI\ MICH MME, INOF.FD, TO DISINFECT
, ACAINli THE CF.KMS OF SO IKK* .AIBLE A DUFâSF,
"Not of thc law passed by the Madrid Cortes in 1870 for thc gradual emancipation of Cuban slaves ?"
What do we care for laws made at Madrid 7 The Spanish capital is a long way from Havannah."
You arc a 'peninsular/ of course" went on Daunt ; "at any rate by birth."
Oh, of course," replied the Marquis, with the air of a man rather on nie guard.
"Is the feeling still very strong between creoles and poninsularcs ?"
I cannot say ; it is long since 1 paid close attention to our insular politics. They are very, what you call, pettifogging to a man of the world," replied the Marquis, shortly. Then, turning to Mr. Waldo, ho added, "Your English custom is very impolite. We have left the ladies now for more than half an
AM UMCATALOOUID EXHIBIT
the E Ik fl 1HINC TH* (MEki&OXt D \ A SEIM
tOLI AH iDATED .
ASKf D FOk WAS Z. Hk W Mt WILL HE *<.<:<-HMO-
l
$ 9
CARTOONS ON ANARCHY.
9 9
TIE! OWE GREAT SECRETE
mouldings and into upholstered furniture. Jf the room is infested to such a degree, the most expeditious method of getting rid of them is to take a spring-bottom oiler and with it force naphtha into every crack and cranny of the room. Wet the ledges over tho doors, thc pillows, the mattress under thc tufts and along the scams. Have no light or firo in the room until the fumes have disup-The husband of a too-hard working peared. woman meets with little sympathy. The woman who is subject to fre-Ilis moderation is a reproach to him. quent invasions by uninvited guests "Big husky fellow!" the neighbors should always keep on hand a small, exclaim. "Why does ho let his frail but always quickly renewed, stock of hour."	I mtle w*fe work herself to death?" In canned vegetables, canned soups and
The host could not mistake this many cases the question is not "Why salmon, potted ham, or tongue or challenge ; he rose from the table docs he let her?" but how can he chicken, olives, minute tapioca and saying, "We’ll take our coffee in the hinder her?" It is useless to ask baked rice. The two last will enable drawing room," and led the way this spendthrift of strength to save her to prepare a dessert quickly; the upstairs.	herself. She will not do so until she others are an ever-present help in
As they went up Daunt found him- is a physical bankrupt. Sho is often time of need. It is a good plan to self thinking a good deal about this [ the most unselfish of women and all also have on hand a Jar of mayon-Cuban gentleman, who knew noth/ng her labor is for others. It docs not nuise dressing, making a salad possi-of the great law which threatened occur to her that she has no more blc on short notice. Made by a good his property, and still less of the right to waste tho life that belongs recipe and kept in a glass self-sealer, better animosity which subsisted be- to her family than she has to waste in a cool, dark place, i t will keep tween the two white races of his na-	the money that belongs to them.	perfectly for some time,
tive isle. Tho Marquis do Ojo Verde	Such a woman should be appealed	Green Tomato Tickle—Slice	the to-
scemcd equally abroad, too, as re- Kp through her good sense and affec- matoes about an inch thick; put in garda thc vineyards of his	ancestral	tion. Ask her if she is doing the	weak brine	over night.	Fix about
Spanish home.	right thing by you when she comes	one-third as	many onions	in tho same
"Is he real, or only a sham ? I’ll *° tho table too tired to eat, or way. In the morning drain well; go straight to the Spanish Embassy drops asIecP ln th« evening when you put a layer of tomatoes in a crock, to-morrow morning. Ponce de Leon aro jading aloud. Tell her you then some whole cloves, cinnamon will tell me all he knows. I dare Would not allow anyone to drive and white mustard seed, then onions, say tho Marquis rooked Bob Sur-	your horse too hard, and that she is 'spices, etc. Cover with hot	vinegar,
tecs, and I don’t half believe in all	^°‘1,1 morc than a million horses. |	I.ct stand a couple of days;	reheat
this fabulous wealth."	?c hcr tIlat the clement of com pan-	the vinegar	and turn on	again. Do
Mrs. Waldo had been talking cor- [ ,0nablencss is something she will	this four of	five times; the last time
dially, affectionately even,	with the	f ako to heaven with her when she	add a little	sugar,
new cashier, congratulating him on d,cs'. w,lcn her thriving farm and Dried Corn —Cut and score corn his advancement, and saying she Fpo ,css house may be given over to (while it is young) from tho cob. had heard the most excellent account u!e,,9 nnd Çohwcbs. Ask hcr If her Tut in a spider a little butter; when of him. But then she dismissed him, cal,orcn w111 he ns proud of her when hot put in the corn, heat it thus, saying she was neglecting Sir Rich- ,2 'S n worn-0Vt- nnxious, ailing then put on plates to dry. Keep ard Daunt.	0 f woman as they would be if she turning it. Dry quickly and put
"1 cannot forgive myself for hav- wer.c thc 8ort of mother that you had away in cans. When wanted to use, ing troubled you, Sir Richard, a right to expect hcr to bo when you soak over night and heat right in the
about_____" she spoke in a lower ! marrie' her. It is impossible to save same water. The corn seems to be Before he died he gave the secret to
voice, "about those letters."	a woman from overwork unless she very rich and nice.	his eldest son, and it has been hand-
Don’t mention it. I had really can be made to fccl ashamed of it. Corn Omelet.—Three eggs beaten ed down from generation to genera-
almost forgotten it. Did you find	'-----	separately. Scrape and score corn lion to the present time. The works
them ?"	ROUND SHOULDERS.	from six ears (it is nice to run it are now situated at Stoke-on-Trent,
Oh, yes, and in looking them	over	Stooped or round shoulders are fa-	through a food chopper) add salt and	and every year the Mintons turn
I saw that I had quite exaggerated	tai to anv appearance of style in a	PePPer, a little flour, one-half tea-	nearly 100,000 tons of clay into tho
their importance. By the way, what woman. A French gown will look spoonful baking powder. Bake in famous ware that bears their name, has become of Miss	Surtees.	| dowdy on hcr, and the	most formal	Httle	patties on hot gridle	greased	Sword-forging is one of thc most
"I have not the least idea."	[occasion will find her inelegant and	,with	butter. Excellent served with	difficult branches of the mechanics'
"Some one told me, I think, that commonplace. This defect may often ,maJ),c 8y^P. , ,	.	fn<1, olj!y ono family residing in
she had gone into some shop-behind be entirely remedied by a mere exer-| Mustard Pickles.-Two quarts each Birmingham, knows how to do it to the counter, you know. But I am else of will power. Round shoulders.of cucumbers and green tomatoes; perfection. I hcre is a secret in really not certain. I thought	you	are a result of carelessness or habit	onc <luart of onions; one cauliflower;	sword-forging which this family alone
might know."	rather than real weakness, and as	two bunches celery, two green pep-	has conquered, and it lias been in
"If she has taken	a situation in a | such, may be cured from	within rath-	pers.	Cut thc vegetables	in small	their possession for upw ards of hall
er than without.	pieces	and boil all together	in salt	a century, and is still unknown to
A radical change In the sleeping po-	Wat®r until the cauliflower is tender;	outsiders. A sword made by a work-
si tion is the first necessary move, and	drain wcl1 before pouring on thc dres-	man belonging to this family is
will often of itself euro much of thc	sing, made as follows: Two quarts of	worth twice as much as one made by
trouble. The round-shouldered wo- Vinegar; two cups of sugar; two any other firm, and although enor J man must learn to	do without pil-	tablespoonfuls of flour; one-half	sums have been offered for t1 ft
lows at night. High	pillows put the	Pound of ground mustard; boil, pour	secret from time to time every in- m	1
body in an unnatural position, push- over the pickle and stir up well. ber remains true to bis trust. #
Ing the shoulders crooked and fre-	.	Uac of 1 c V 1fami ' v ^ 8
quently twisting the neck out of line.	“	+	~	tkat connected with tho manu facturé,
The old-fashioned rule of walking in DEAL TOO HARD TO BURN. of eau-de-Cologne for it h x9 been, one’s room for an hour each day,	owned	>y	t	«'	1 annas	since	.	In'
balancing a book on the head, will	There are certain kinds of wood	that	year	an	Italian	Gio	vanni Far.
do much towards correcting tho in- ^a^ arc to° hard to burn, or refuse ina. invented the per fuirjf, and only firmity, and keeping	ever in mind	to ,6Jlit0 for 80rac other reason,	his eldest son was admitted into the
that the eves should	look up, not	such ^ iron-wood and the good	secret. At the present moment tb<
down, is another powerful help to the briar-root, but it is a curiosity to I* annas have twenty £ight factor!, attitude which	is	thc model of	icomo acros9 a Piccc of common	deal	at	Cologne.	1	his	silence	on	thc	pa-
grace	and	dignity.	Swinging	the	“'Uie ®°ft. light wood ot which	80	of	thc	family	throjIgM	so	many	yea
arms so that the hands touch behind many boxes are made—that cannot has the back for 10 or 15 minutes daily	bo set firo to.	’1 he piece	of wood in
is excellent likewise, and any oxer-	question was	common	white deal
else which strengthens thc shoulders Bom	Sweden, but was remarkable
and back will ultimately strengthen ^or	comparative weight. It had
the muscles so that they assume eas- formed part of a boat belonging to ily the proper poise.	a whaler, and had been dragged be-
low the surface of the water to the depth of more than half a mile by a
...	.	.	,	.	harpooned whale—the length of	lino
All good	housekeepers	know	tho	nn(1 tho flhort distance from	tho
value of a large-sized apron for use point of dcscent (after being struck) in the kitchen. 1 or some years, says	the whale rose to the aur-
a writer, I have used another and as

*
« i
HOME.
HAVE BROUGHT SOME FAMILIES UNTOLD WEALTH.
*
*
*
Manufacture of Bank of England Note Paper Is Still a Great
Secret.
t 4
************
Sir
OVERDOING
That silence is golden no one will deny, but those who will most readily admit the truth of this maxim arc the members of those families whose silence, lasting in some for centuries, has brought them untold wealth. And the most curious part of it is that outsiders, try as they will, have been unable to discover the secrets these lucky fanujies possess.
lew people know where Bank of England note paper comes from, and fewer still how it is made, because its manufacture is a family secret, and has been so for nearly two centuries. In 1717 a man named Portal discovered how to make this paper, and the Government thereupon contracted with him to supply all that was required for bank notes contract still holds good, and once a week a quantity is sent from Laver-stoke, in Hampshire, where the family still exists, the paper being guarded by a number of detectives throughout the journey. No one has yet succeeded in discovering how the Portals make the paper, and probably no one ever will.
Minton ware is another family monopoly, though unprotected by the Patents Act. In 1793 Thomas Minton. a Staffordshire potter, discovered how to make a peculiar china with a green glaze unlike any other in vogue. He kept his secret to himself, made the ware by stealth, and in due time
ACCUMULATED A FORTUNE.
CHAPTER XV
9
The
he
I i
i •
shop it is in obedience to an impulse which does her the highest credit."
"I thought it more probable that she was obliged to earn her bread. A convict's daughter, with a worthless brother-----"
"Miss Surtees is a noble girl," said Daunt, sternly, "and for her brother I have a strong personal regard. As for poor old Mr. Surtees, we may yet find that there has been some terrible mistake."
"I cannot share your feeling, Sir Richard Daunt. But do not let us quarrel over these wretched people."
It was not Daunt’s wish, either, to break with the Waldos, and, although ho soon afterwards took his leave, he shook hands with Mrs. Waldo cordially as he said good night.
As he passed down into the hall he was conscious that some one was close behind him on the stairs. On reaching the last landing he heard a side-door open, and tho rustle of a dress ; then the words, spoken low but distinctly—
“Leon, il faut que je te parle demain."
And. turning sharp round, Daunt saw that it was Fanchcttc addressing the Cuban.
"Tais toi imbecile," replied the Marquis, promptly, pointing to Daunt, and Fanchcttc as rapidly withdrew.
In thc hall thc two men met and looked at each other. Suddenly the Marquis burst out In a loud laugh.
"Do not betray me to that excellent and respectable dame, Mrs. Waldo," ho said. "It is a simple amourette. Quoi ? I fin human, and soubrettes were always to my taste."
But their meeting, and the brief words spoken, the employment of the familiar "tu" on both sides, gave Daunt food for still deeper thought when he reviewed thc events of the evening.

I
its
arrow
VftiT
for nine out of* every ten bdttl the perfume i* purchased all eve world is of I^arina make.	<
It seems'hard to believe tha a great extent indot
CHAPTER XVI.
Months passed. Poor old Surtees
was still immured in his solitary	JH m
cell ; sweet Josephine went daily, | "I know thc neighborhood of Tor-wet or fine, to Bond street ; big Bob ragona well," said Daunt. "Where-gained experience and reputation abouts exactly do your lands lie ?’’ upon the boards of the Royal Ros- ‘ "To the southwest, half a dozen du*.	I leagues	from Agujcro del Hey
Sir Richard Daunt, howover, since you are ever in those parts ngnih, last we met him, had had his troub- jSir Richard Daunt, remember my les. After vainly striving to over- ! poor house and all that it contains tUtr Josephine’s determination to is yours—a la disposition do listed." break with him, at least for the pro- "Stay, stay," laughingly interpos-sent, he had gone abroad. It was cd Mr. Waldo ; "the bank will have to have been a short trip to the Per- something to say to that. You must
had not give away your property if we*
OLD WEALT
BROUGHT
ain is,
one faniily for her Supremacy ¦¦put such ié the case. J fccd in the navy is mat# f of Cratvshny, the dcÆ Yorkshire farmer, who® method of making r than anyone else ^®
If
A KITCHEN SACQUE
sea*
iron
fan
of
«s	^°°°
sacque fitted loosely over my dress, that I can put on when dressed for the afternoon, If I have to go in the kitchen, ns one so often has to do with the "help" wc have nowadays.
It is buttoned up the front closely to the neck, and the sleeves have bands at thc wrists. I find it keeps out tho smell of the grease, that will saturate a woollen dress when one has to spend any time cooking on the stove or range
in consequence rcc 1 to supply thc iron i ». /secret still remains | ily, ond foreign nations! cally offered millions tÆ sion, but without sure® In the wine trade secrets, some of then^H portance and owned ies. Tokay, a rnn^^H and the favorite dr^^® pci or of Austria,
Counts of Zemplc^^^H cipe; while the rymae Christ! from the the
Maraschino,
Nanis, who
three centuri^^^^^^®
part of the boat came up again /u the end of thc line, and it was taken on board when the whale had been killed ; that piece of wood	so
hard that it would not bur# in a gas jet. compressed it.
nese Alps, but tho short trip	'Æ¦¦ ¦¦
been prolonged almost indefinitely advance by an accident—a blow on the knee- "Hush, hush, dear friend ; no cap. February was nearly over be- business details ; do not reveal our fore he got to Paris, and there also little negotiations to Sir ltichard he was detained. After his return .Daunt."
in London, but for the consummate | "You may rely upon my discretion, skil, of an eminent surgeon, lie would I'm sure," said Daunt, have been on crunches for many | "Arc your Spanish estates equal in months more.	i fertility to those you have in Italy?'
The first ust he made of his re- asked Meggitt,. seeking to lead the stored powers was to institute in- conversation into a new line, quiries for his friends thc Surtees. "Yes. for the moment certainly The search, however, was fruitless, yes. The latter sti.l lie, like truth, Daunt at length decided to consult a at the bottom of the water. They private inquiry agent, and put tho j are buried beneath Lake Matanza, case in thc hands of Messrs. Haggle j which so far refuses to be properly and Horry, who were at this time drained." the most prominent members of this curious modern profession.
Only second to his solicitude thc Surtees was ¦	¦ HH
d o
French maid. But he would not give ‘ our family by an heiress of the this Job also to thc private inquiry Qualfaggias, and has since remained office. It would bo well to see how our property."
Haggle and Horry did their work before ho confided secret suspicions said Daunt to them, which, if clumsily betrayed so." might altogether spoil his game But to watch Fanchcttc it
necessary to keep on good terms'think well of the project ?" with the Waldos, to know where they J "If it is done on 1 were, their movements and goings large scale. I rode all through that ¦¦With this object in view he had country some years ago, and remem-called at the Carlton Gardens. Mrs. ber it very distinctly."
Waldo had	received him very cor-	"Monsieur hc_3	evidently	been a
dinlly, and	without a word in refer-	great traveller,"	said the	Marquis,
enco to their last meeting, and thc "Do you know our Now World bo-lett<$rv supposed to be lost.	yond the Atlantic ? and my native
Next day	came an invitation to	island of Cuba ?"
which Sir Richard readily | "I have been In	the United State#
but nc\ i in Cuba. I promise my Mrs fa I do hod said, and self the pleasure some day aeon/*
# *
The weight of wfeter had
o
WHY HINDOOS DOrpT GO MAD
¦^N ¦¦Why are there so ffew lunatic asy-This with a largo kitchen lums, and so small a proportion of apron gives me a complete coat of insane persons, il India ? That is a moil; and then when my work is fin- question which many a traveller has ished I slip o'T the sacque and apron wondcringly aJkod. The Hindoos re-nnd presto! I am dressed again for gulato their lives entirely in accord-the parlor or company, with so little ancc with t their religion ; that is, trouble. I would not be without the their wording, eating, sleeping, as sacque for many times thc cost and wejj as -fchat we usually regard as trouble of making it.	lour 'Me" in the religious sense of
the x lWÊÊKÊBtÊE^ÊÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊ
for 4hhcto, and they follow the rules
they did 2,000 years Thc constant observance of same rules for twenty centuries
%
"Does Lake Matanza belong to you, Marquis ?" asked Daunt with for some interest. "Thc Lake Matanza his desire to find in Lower Lombardy, I mean."
"Assuredly. It was brought Into
(To Bo Continued)

Everything is arranged
LONDO
THEN THE LADY BLUSHED.
It is a mistake to presume upon tho misfortunes of others, as the following shows. A gentleman, who had been afflicted with deafness, returned home from a visit to London, and soon after went to upon a lady of his acquaintance
He found her at home, and with her a cousin of hers who was also paying her a visit. The hostess received him with politeness, and introduced him to her cousin her Introduction she added, in a perfectly audible tone: He's a good man enough, but he's terribly stupid, and as deaf as a post.
The gentleman colored.
I C3sy be stupid, he said, but I am no longer as deaf as a post, for I have been cured during my absence, and can hear as well as anybody.
HINTS TO HOUSEKEEPERS Brass that has
A Yorks JourneyedJ acquaint ai The Lon# superior* quest ud^J a Jewell After came shirej watt*
turned black noyf just as through noticet may be cleaned very aao easily xyith oxalic acid applied with ?ho a flannel rag, and followed with a,'has moulded thc brains of the race polishing with a chamois skin.	, into one shape, as it were; and al-
member that the acid is a dea<ily though their rites arc queer enough, poison. If not badly discolored it | yet there is but an occasional exam-can be cleaned and brightened with pie of that striking deviation from powdered rotten stone mixeci to a | the common, which is called insanity Mi with turpentine.
We don’t go much on "si^ns," to move into a house when# you And bedbugs is a sure sign /of trouble right at your door. Th€ ;
Hble remedy is corros. |j in whiskey, applied withe every crack and crevice or< the bedstead. (Remember that it is * deadly poison.) They get into crack# in the baseboard, under loose wall-p/v per, back of pictures and picture
It will repay draining, no doubt/
I have always thought
4 4
4 4
call
"You know it then ?” asked Mr. was Waldo, much interested ; "and you
J
i
in countries inhabited by the white race They are fatalists, too; with them it is a case of "what Is to be, will be," carried most infal- This has sublimate power to take all things calmly, and , feather to so freed them from the anxiety that
drives so many white men into the lunatic asylums.
a sufficiently

but
but to
on
to the extreme In time given them the
tri
dinn< i
accepted. It was only a small friendly part
2,244 Spaniards live in England,
also 658 Portuguese.	J




i
\
A
a



V
HI

x>


»
%
p
ftVf


a
M
###PAGE###8###
\
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)
1
\ X

% M
\

A
f
« i
STEWARTS
OÜR
-E. H0DC1WS & SO ,o A DVT.
9
l
?
LEADERS:
1 New Goods Î
BOOT* SHOE STORE.
S
S
?
4*
#
;
?
English Worsted Suits, ail colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue - - - -
2 0th Centu ry
Umbrellas at - -
i
&
$15.00
t We are shewing a splendid range of
Gold Weather
(I
$
*
%
1 Men’s Fall Gaps
4*
$12.50
means
?
*
?
?
#
I
Gold Hands.

At only 50cts each.
?
4
?
$1.00
i
9
?
e
$
There is no necessity for suffering* from Cold Hands if you are armed with a pair of our Mitts or Gloves.
Genuine Moose Mitts
at $1.00.
4. IVJcCUIRE.
?
?
Cl
V» /N

(
J# x

<
E
i
A
I
(
!i
ottawa, Northern Oil Tan Moccasins :
& WESTERN R V.
\
y

I PROMPTLY SECURED,
pin»- a te^-ssast
(bv,:- rough Fkclch « i model ol vein in-) i ;vmt : i :	r\ vemeu end we w ilftell xou) '
rfree our . t itiun at- to w htther it r mot
c Rejected application» huve< fuh" ilrr,‘	fully pr. M.v.ttd *y 11». Wt-
'"enti!hFaI1 and Winter Time Card
SCZZZZTi; M:2im:omEB7iii. im,
>r:c : receive special notice without charge in 5	-
!tVv 1>'\, r'”;,g,pe"0 -,,ib”,rd ,h«*i	\ No 1 Train leaves Ot-
tawa (Central Station) at 4.45 a.m., daily except Sunday.
No. 2 Train arrives at Ottawa (Central Station) at 9.45 a.m., daily except Sunday.
\
Gloves :
SKOWECAN
j ! (Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
AND LION BRANDS.
Unlined Kid. Lined Kid.
Silk Lined. Undressed Kid. Mocha.
t
Specialty: Patent lusineis of Manufuc-tu:u<l Engineers
<

MARION & MARION
latent Experts end Solicitors.
New York Life R'ld'g. Homreal? Aî/enüc BMg.Warhinptoii U,C.<
-
i
ihe very best makes on the market for Men and Boys.

<
Olliers :
i

Public Notice.

i
V *
,v. I
E. HODCINS & SON.
i\ V. KtJSsEM \ N.
Uen'i s.j| t.
!i the Superior Court.
Mitts :
riiiâC Pi
y
N
1r#
rcî*y given that on is. 1 have been
tetl Is
1
« 1
L'Ttll
f September. I Curator to the

-
lute C«OM !;'JY B- LA,R, in his
inner, of t he Township of I . C ounty of Pontiac, rie, vt h Oetober, 1U0I.
KN.IAMIX BOV1LLA1MB,
Official Time Table :
Mocha.
Kid.
Horsehide. Deerskin. Mule Skin.

f.K.
A M. Arrive • 4C
0

' .5 Lt five
Aylmer * Bi e< k* nridge fKardlt y ParfetrV Vr<.<MCg t* Mohrs 2 ay on Wy loan’s tTana Bristol McKee's Slrw ville Clark a
Campbell's Ray t Tank f'Vinton Cou longe •Mêlions
W.ihharn
b (>'
4 »
I»
• i
b .2
o Me.
6 ;8
41

4 4
;
S. .17
44
Jura'or.
Guns,
Rifles,
Ammunition,
Il
6,7
4 4
S 1*9
— 6.56
4 •
4 4
1.58
1
44
'-'.he Ibaniiion Government has mnte-
ruBy n JuceJ tdlegrnph rates to the 17;1?	“
Yukon.	I H? “
General Sir Red vers Puller has been j 3.12 relieved < f the command of the that I s-30	**
army e «rps, in consequence of the speech he made Oct. Kith, after the luncheon g.ven in his honor by the King’s Royal K#o', dealing with his famous despatch tuGi-n. White, at Ladysmith. He has been placed on half pay, and General
French has been appointed to succeed him.
M lb
k V2 7.52
7.M
• «
4 4
•4
« 4
3J
r.uo
• 4
IS
• •
510
•«
7. It
• »
« i
7.06 6. M ti .10
Leave o.uj
t •
«I
» 17
I 4
I e
••55 Arrive
•Flag	tTauk.
Connecting with Hull Electric Rail at Aylmer.
VFlag Station
way
Gauntlets
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SVrEKINTEXDEXT
ms mm
Caxaba Also.
—The Toronto Evening Telegrams London special cable says A is*raha and New Zealand are sending military c ntingvn's tu the King’s Coro
It ie ei pect« 1 that Canada will als > be represented.
wh » h .ve seen service in Koath Africa arc gwting the preference in these con-U'U'cîi’s and the Imperial Government
Hon. Dr.
Canadian Minister of Mil da, should
v ; iektfd men m the contingent from f1v I>o nici -n.
For Men Women and Children.
AT ..
RAILWAY
e #
natu-n next year.
)
i
Men
ARMSTRONG BROS
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT,
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
¦ï
i% t. n nous
LADYSMITH.
Ju-
an ! k r,#-r O'toî)«r ‘Tl rih«*r notice, train 'lows :
)
I. »cd uni U t*i* a*
H tjiv wha;vville ladies want to lie in failli ini they will have to quit clutch Mg at their skirts as they have been tlo-- * long.
Witness party t* ladies
service, w.ii
f
P. S.—Hardware.
ne
Our space permits us
) give you only a very xgue idea of our im
EASTERN DIVISION.
,	.	. Ti • ui - • • PAW v ... .... : .
<• :rv.y:.dent witK the' j; .yal >Zi\	'
• neither the 1>uu1ivsh nor the Arrive* Montreal 11. 4*ia. m.. «on* at all
wh.° ttCVTn?a"ie(l. her -st.**,|,ed I cSreoTuw» w 'MAOD,tre7iatiOC6 '' h‘S pirlor
l,‘	tnwr ^'•vn'1 <ls ’M4.10 P. M. Dally except Hnndtv. for Rocl -
iu" i.'. iil v ttv.ivs .it h straw. Ho laotl, H iwhe-kburv, Montreal/Ôupber aMl there you are !	n!| points fa*:, »rnw mont real -j, rn
Kt.ipsat all Inttwrasd ateiL a.H. KtatinoV
Connects nt Coteau j ... wit , Grand T, ,,-C; Ky.lor all noints v:^\ Hus la-lor r a Ottawa to Mrmireal
I f
i:
i
ÆT;
mse stock of Mitts
l Gloves.
The i:
Mv is a atorah')U8o of r gory and splendid words,
• J »
ici] i.im

>f style both
•mate, and as literal vire 14.10 r. H. Dally ex-tpt
¦
will repay the search < f every xtude n liea l * ie Bible and Shakespeare and yon will tin I yourselves aide to emm-se veil.
— •September Ladies Home Jour rial.
1


Til
sim
ani
t •
w »n*Uy, for N. vV
VllTvIlf Id ,n'l\llZZUS,?Z %" Lawrence river Hah throat) eleenin-' Ottawa to New York vm ILit aud 12
T a ns arrive Ottawa, Central Lepor 11 45 A. A!. i‘a y except SunJav and : p. m.Dai y.
46
Our
>es are placed at the st notch.” and we
orlt, Boston,
' '
VV,L‘
Ml,
S'
it
y
L_,
• *•
1
V

j The social hi orties of the Amtvi I child are one of the evils of this country.
Chil dren's dances and children’s parties,
I once given in the afternoon, have ni+ '
,‘l;\ evening, . :	. îralos e Ottawa,Centra] epot. dal
thousands of our children L, their beds I except Sunday
in a state yi excitement which means no
good for their firure.
son that no child can,

Middle and Western Divisions.
lean

A mgr!or. Renfrew. Etrunville, Pt riibrok -Madawasku, Parry Souud and intermedia!.'. M-aiioas.
ally invite you to to our store and ne our Stock.
We have just, received another large assortment of Ladies’ and Gent’s Rings from the best ring \\ makers in Canada
Call and see them.
i il11
to
f
S 25 A. M. Exprès* for Feinhroko Parry st uud aad ioterroedlaie ut t:ons.
1 00 P. M.	for Ma îawaf-ka and In.
, , ,
umfui med strength, burn the mn.llu at 4.40 P. M. Exprès for Pe mbroke. Mad-
}r-h ends.- Svpn-:»b« LulkV B.»............	t 8l,n
Journal.	Ida y. .	.. r> j. roe ai
minded and tolerant act has just been record 3d in Hull. At the convent '*ii of the Quebec High (Yurt V , a grant of $1CU was made to tin luc.;i burnt h #>f S:. \'inc«*nt de Paul S j ciety, a Canadian org ini:ration. Chief j Ranger liravelle of H .‘1 (Yurt, I. ) F.% j who was entrusted with the delivery of j the motley, landed over &TÔ to the ISt.
Vincent de Paul society. The other $&?> was given to Rural Dean Smith and Rev.
M. A. Smith for the Proliant charities.
[ The clery ni en and Mr. D ( Einioo
It stands to roa-witli his or her
‘Rie to
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
A pleasure to show goods.
iecont
TEWART
CsEîral Depot, Eusse]] House Block
1 4
COH. ELGIN AND SPARKS ST<
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
)

I.i the garden f Richard Suiley, of Bear brook. Ont,, there arc growing fiom 4m« teed ov< r twenty pu m kins. The vine is about thirty feet long and there ire eighteen large ye'Iow ptimkirgs gmiv-irg ni » g the vine and eurne green ones n t Lives ms were growing on it until aident of the St. Vincent do Paul society the f.tnt k lied the Dares on the vines, lmve gratefully acknowledged the receipt So iu> of the pumkias weigh neatly forty • f thtf-Tiioncy.	pounds.
AWVILLE.
• #
# e
tes’ Kidd Fur Lined Mitts.
?
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE
* I
)

MAIN STREET .... SHAWVILLE.



K
£i

A

—- -
K

