###PAGE###1###
7
7
'*+*#*#
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY,' QUE., THURSDAY, OCT
No. 15
17 th Year.
81.00 a Year in Advance.
12,	1890
Ivc'l. rU* I, a
Ili'Xf
1
Furtif
I

A BIG DAY AT CHAPEAU
J
BANK OF OTTAWA
1
>\
I vert i*

Blessing of the Nov/ Church
H- iug unable through |>res*» of mu't>M to hen-1 a special i**| wo notable events at Chap-vo are in Jeblt d to the PeuiUr* ko Start* f | dard for tho following full reu >rf. -•
Tuesday, Oct. 3rd, was a rtd letter day in the history of tho uiually rather quiet village of Chapeau, for two notable events came 111 that day. The first was the
BLEASING OF Tin: GHVKCll < I* ST. ALPti N
MVS DE LIfirOKI.
The church is ono t-f the handsomest greed and most compact ecclesiastical buildings sines* in the Diocese of Pontiac. Tho building is 130x55, with a vestry 30x30. The ceiling is 35 feet high, while the steeple soars up to 150 feet Thu exterior of the building is stone, and tho interior is beautifully finished in hardwood, which ...	.	,	,	. gives it a pleasant and soft tone. There
T,	.bid.
Hus.. ' I. O. (I. No. 17:1. LduliPH tiling your	add lllluch,10 "* ,eall"t$ capacity, which
Imjxck, each containing eatables for two.	,,lUst be c.oi» on 1,000. One thing to bo
Dents, buy the boxes. We hope to see you j admired in church is the excellent acous-nll, and expect a good time. Com.	j tical arrangements by which the service is
We desire to remind parties who semi in | heard distinctly in every part of the	¦srilJQ	n	AAA TO
items giving notice of concerts, socials or	building. Thu style of architecture is the	IvILli V	I ¦	UUH I M.
and the church presents a	1
ii'HSSSHS |!MEN’S SUITS> e°od- heavy sensible Clothing,
We	jn t |lr j was Mr. \ ictur Hoy, of Montreal, and the	HIHtB	WÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKK^U
business simply for the fun of the tiling,	contractor was Mr. Jos. Bourque, of Hull. [	DAV6*	All	ÇDPfl ATQ	0	J	OIIITO
mid when parties or organizations make	The cost of the building was about $35,-	DU IV	U W	LliUUM I U	aim	OUI	I	U.
use of our columns to boon, their money 000, and its erection reflect, groat ere-
raster’”“CHILOip’S Reefers and Suits,
the zeal and generosity of his people, who have worked so hard and contributed so liberally of their means towards its erection from the hour its corner stone was laid on May 31st, 1888, till now. The
(
H \M
I
lirai! OHire Ottawa Canari»,
'apital (fully paid up) . 81,500,000 00 ....................$1,170 000.00
lli du!
I
(
til
(
A CLOTHING TALK.
1)01
OF CANADA.
- $6,000,000.11
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
her
hool rt-j>€
i
i t
in

Host
til
i
9*
’
ek
Ur |u
1
V t
III
IU* Ml ill 111/
oinifl un ht h page
1st*
CAPITAL
Board of Directors:
Charles Maure, Esq., President George LI ay, esq., Vice-President
Host, 0 bo. Dr Y sox, Jr.
Alkx. Fium.ii, Ehq ,
M timii named John
v le wa
t u Mr i i Bench but..
irt 1 i
\
(
i
GOO
Fnl
Fut
i

Head Office* • .Montreal.
John Math RR, Emq Damp M ac La hex, Laq
V \
11
killl fra
l.m
injury pi
QUR CLOTHING DEPARTMENT IS now ready for inspection. Every line is complete in the newest and best goods, from the leading makers in America.

Dennis Mvnriiv, Emq
ft vi wards
SHAW villi: branch.
GEOROF BURN V. M. F1NN1E
? GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
General Manager, ., . Manager,
Money loaned on approved security nl reasonable rate*.
Farmers notes bought find collected. Money transferred to all parte of the world.
HAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Store will Close on lGth
in the Domln-
g po’nts lb i tain.
Drafts Issued on all Dnnkin ion, United States and Great
Notes and Bills <¦ ted.
Interest allowed un Deposit Reeelvt at current rates.
The i livre halite of Slmwvil! i to close their respective pi on Thursday, the 19th Inst appointed as a day of y giving.
i
I
t he dat< itérai Thanks
Bums of $! and upwards received i.i Savings De partmeut. Interest credited liulf yearly.
Office Hours- 10 a. in. to 3 p. m. Saturday 10a. m, to p. in.
Office Hours Saturday* .
10 A.M.TO 10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER.
Manager
P M
Maple Ridge
Have you tried Dowd a 41 High L >8f ' Flour ?
Oil Thursday last, Guno Warden Me Cuaig, had three other violators of the game laws charged before Magistrate (timer, with shooting deer or moose out of season. Their names are Hilaire and John Gauthier, brothers of Théophile Gauthier, who was fined last week, and James Wilson, all of the Township of Huddersfield. None of them were present, having eluded the bailiffs, but on the evidence a fine of $(10 and costs or three months each in jail, was imposed.
A prisoner named Marneaux, from Temiscamingue, serving a three months’ term at Bryson gaol for theft, broke jail on Wednesday night and escaped. He was securely locked up in the evening, but on Thursday morning was gone, the locks having been opened and the jail yard wall scaled. He was re captured near Campbells' Bay late on Thursday evening and returned to prison. He boasts he can open any of the locks and will desert again.
LOCAL NEWS.
IV|EN'S OVERCOATS & ULSTERS in right materials,
Are you using Dowd's Flour Î
Ladies ! have buttons to match your dreis by getting A. K. McGuikf. to cover them.
The service in St. Paul’s on Sunday morning next will be one of special intercession for Sunday schools.
A good thing to keep your pants In shape are those pant-stretchers that A.
R. McGuire sells.
No tidings have been heard as yet of Mr. A McCredie's horse and Mr. J.
Murray’s buggy, stolen on the night of Sept. 7th.
UNDERTAKING.—The undertaking equipm ent of Cuthbertsnn & Graham ia second'to none in the district, and a!l (Rdy&^eceive prompt attention at moderate charges.
S. S. Social.— A social will be held at the residence of Mr. John Robitaille on Wednesday, the 25th inst. in aid of
School. Doors open at 0.30 Admission 20 cts. ; children under 12, 10 cte. All welcome.
Regarding the re-trial of Mrs. Sparling, Mr. D. R. B.my, Crown prosecutor, has given out the statement that the Attorney.General has decided there shall be no new trial till the next term of the As sizes, which will take place on the third of May next.
A rumor is current that Mr. J. E. S.
Trelawney, the gentleman connected with ing carebal fluid, which protruded through visiting his father at present, tha Anglo-Canadian syndicate, which was the undeveloped portion of the skull, ,vM!NS. 'i.s;. of f'hnside, is visit mg at Mr operatirg the Ostrom nickel mine during was successfully removed from a child <f j( x 11 the past summer, has applied to the Que- Mrs. /lllison, of Bristol, Que., on Sept, bee Government for one of the extensive water powers at Bryson, with the object of supplying electrical power to the surrounding villages, and perhaps the erec* tion of a large pulp mill. It is hoped the news is not too good to be true.
Those subscriptions to The Equity which are long past due, are coming in rather too slowly to suit the requirements of the publisher who desires to keep square with the world, notwithstanding the repeated hints to pay up that have been thrown out. Parties interested aie therefore requested to accept this as the last invitation we intend to give. There are other means and we intend to employ them if necessary.

Co. Pontiac Teachers’ Ass’n
In all sizes, styles and prices.
A meeting of the Pontiac Co. Teachers'
Association was held at the Academy on
Saturday the	.......... ,
was smaller than usual owing to the fact j ceremony of blessing the sacred structure |	  —
that another teachers' meeting was being I waa performed with pontifical high mass j held in another portion of the county. by His Lordship the Bishop of Pembroke, !
F-i'FF the reason why
subjects of the curriculum toward the ! ^ather ricotte, of Calumet Inland, as
proiHT training of the several faculties of | Deacons of Honor; Father Pujos, of
the child mind.	Chapeau, and Father Renaud, of Point
The faculties of Judgment, Reason and Alexander, as Deacons of Office. Father Memory were dealt with at considerable
Wonderful Operation.	length as viewed from a psychological
_____	standpoint.	»
case in surgical annals, has been perform- The next meeting of the Association will ed at the Protestant hospital on Rideau be held at Portage du Fort on Saturday street, assisted by Dre. Bell, Klotz and |	November, at -.-30, p. m
Mayberry, say* Saturday'» Ottawa Citizen.
A tumor the size of a large orange, consisting of an outgrowth or protrusion of the membranes of the brain and contain-
:
Our clothing trade is steadily growing : Buyers realize that we sell only the best goods, and at a reasonable price. “ Look into this ” and examine our goods before buying your winter requirements.
No. 8 S
Ryan, of Renfrew, made an efficient Master of Ceremonies. Besides the of-
leii, of Vinton.
Father Latulippe of Pembroke, preached an cliquent sermon in French, taking as Ins subject the beauty of the Home of God. Father Kiernan, of Sheenboro, preached a very impressive sermon in English, taking his text from the Book of Judith, which referred to God increasing the beauty of that faithful servant of his. The rev. Father pointtd out the great beauty of the Roman Catholic Church, and claimed that that church in all ages had fostered the tine arts, literature, science, etc., recognizing that the men's highest gifts should be employed in the service of God. He complimented the parish on having such a beautiful house in which to worship their maker, and eulogized the zeal if their pastor and and the liberality of the parishioners.
The collection, which was taken during the service, is said to have been over $300. It was close on one o’clock before the religious services concluded, but from 9.20 till that hour the church was crowd ed with the wozshippers, many of whom could not get admission.
THE AGRICULTURAL FAIR.
VICTORIA
Mr. T. A. Elliott, of Buffalo, N. Y., is
O O O
Victoria Lodge, I. O. Ci. T., is “ ing two new members last
27th. Eminent surgeons have frequently night. The members are talking of hav operated on such cases, and only in one ing a social soon, other esse has success been reported	Mr. Hold, («rant left for the shanty last
Dr. Klock is naturally much elated at	Somc of the ‘ Siatera “re 80rr>' 1
the success of the operation. Many of j KMessn<. Ad. and Ralph Hodgiiw have those present anticipated collapse, but, | completed the brick wall of Mr. W. H on the contrary, tho child's health seems to have improved. The operation was
photojrraphed by It Robinson, druggist, !	exiting to see u new house go
of Bank street.	up soon on Mr. J. (i. Elliott’s farm.
Dr. Klock is a post graduate of Edin- Mr. T. A. and Miss M. E. Corrigan were burgh and Vienna universities, and a up to Mr. T. Wallace's on Sunday, cousin of Dr. R. H. Klock, of this town. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Corrigan went to
Thorne Saturday night Mrs. S. Beach of
progress
Thursday
J. H. SHAW.
h new house.
Mr. Alex. Elliott's new residence is near
THE SPEECHES,
and of course this year was no exception to the iu!e. Messrs. W. J. Pu u pore, M.
P., and David Gillies, M. P. P , and other gentlemen had been advertised to address the people, but only two of the above parties were present on the grounds.
Hi II	Mr. W. J. Poupore was the first to ad-
in to the grounds of the Agricultural So- I dress the audience, and he congratulated ciety, No. 2, County of Pontiac, for that the society on having such a fine day for is the official name of what is generally the fair, but deplored the fact that known as the Chapeau Fair. The attend- there was not as Urge an attendance of a nee was large yet the gate receipts were | spectators or as great a number 6f exhi-not as large as on former years, neither bits as in former years. He spoke of the were the number of exhibits, which may necessity of farmers adopting the modern be in a measure due to the fact that the methods of farming if they want to make religious ceremony in the morning, di- their calling a success. Farmers must verted the attention and time of the study their soil, and learn to sow that people from what used formerly to eu- which it is beet adapted for. He referred gage the whole of their attention on that to the growth of the cheese and butter day, yet it was marvellous the crowd of I industry in other parts of Canada, and people gathered there to enjoy the fine I was surprised to find that there was not a day, for though cold, it was one of the single cheese factory on the Island. The most pleasant days we have had for the people of Chapeau ought to give all the past fortnight.	assistance in their power to Mr. Hen
As usual, there was a good display in nessy, who was willing to start one in in the ladies' department and competition their midst. Mr. Poupore then directed in some classes was very keen. The his remarks to the Montreal, Ottawa & dairy, roots and grain departments were Georgian Bay Canal, and expatiated on » a ;t „	u	well filled. Mr. Demarse, “ the king of the benefits that would accrue not only
«s:"™ esh	™
=,,. srjmraOftïz as tiPKS X, 5 & BS5E5E4r&FS
î&Xi SSS^SKSISrS'K: 3K55S 2 JrJBrtUTE
..arnea.	oughbred and grades are allowed to be ! called on all the people of the Ottawa va!- lifetime. Writequick. The Dominion Corn-
shown, and while this ia a wise arrange- |eyf irrespective of politics, creed, or	3rd Floor Caxton Hi<i&, Chicago.
ment for improving the stock, yet it localisms, to be united in demanding of tends to diminish the number of entries, the Government the proper assistance to-
'rr:iteX" i WXZCA& ïü1: bîiXÆX-XîSs .5
<-x o, i2 .1* h..b,„dfzt'hasu.SAXi* £ m	s:
Lizzih and Mary Quelle, were vieil mg * Maloney has also a grade Durham bull, er, and he endorsed all that Mr. Poupore Mr. VVm. Bennett., Thorne Me,., last whioh £, beautiful anima', and he. .1 had ..id about the farmer, improving
«/V» .Stfvss; r K: i	nte? xek- % rKXt'rX.
##	SEBSSEnEi
¦sSri ito a ESSSBrs
srsastirs *a£c Zhr ¦** "	- *-,0™ S5S..jjktæ’X st
Record.	Sans Csrbmonis. I Fair is	leel fitk*
13T The Shawville Marble and Granite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superior class of work in Mon. uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
Campbell 8 Bay
visiting at Mr. Wm. C. Hudgins' last week.
There is a rumor afloat of several weddings taking place after the threshing iA term of the Magistrates' Court was |donv* I hope they won't forget Flora.
When Mr. Frank Gallagher left here ! held here on Tuesday last, J. T. St with hie shipment of cattle last Friday | dulien, Esq , presiding. The following morning he was minus one calf—a tine j l9 a |jst of the cases before the Court, big fellow, purchased on the Calumet | some of them, however, being held Island. The animal became perfectly j *o a future session : — crazed on arriving at the station here,
was
Magistrates’ Court
Church Services.
Anglican Services.—St. Paul’s Church Shawville : Sunday morning, 10.30 ; ing, 6.30. Friday evening 7. :)0.
Su a wvilleMethodirtChurch.—Morning service, 10.30 ; evening service 7.00.
Epworth League—Monday, 8.00, p.m. Ladies’ Prayer Meeting—Tuesday, 7.30. Regular Prayer Meeting—Friday, 7.30.
PREsnYTERiAN-(Masonic Hall, Rev. Mr. Back) Sunday. 10.30, a.m.
After dinner the people began to flock
Shawville Council
even
over
Minutes of a regular session of the Municipal Council ot the Municipality of Shawville, held on Monday, the 2nd day of October, 1899.
Present, Mr. Mayor G. F. Hodgins; Councillors, John Cowan, Donald McRae and Arthur Smiley.
Moved by coun. Cowan, seconded by coun. Smiley, that minutes of last regular meeting be adopted.—Carried.
Moved by coun. Cowan seconded by coun. Smiley, that the bill of James Creek for ditching be paid, and that the Shawville Milling Co. be charged the sum of $1.40 for the continuation of the said drain through 'heir propir y.—Carried.
Coun. Hynes having arrived took his
Moved by coun. Hynes, seconded by
R. Farrell vs. T. Gilpin, and Henry and after treeing everybody in eight, man* Lunam and Joseph Gilpin, Tiers Saisie, aged to escape from the enclosure, and Action on an account made off like a whirlwind for the woods, judgment for amount, and successfully eluded all attempts at	“
recapture
Saisie good and
J. H. Gould vs. Louis Fleury, and Louis Fleury, opposant. Action ou note.
Big Threshing.- Mr. John Hor-1 °T Led^e^v'," A."^ ' Wil.on. Action for ner , new .team thresher is eatablnhmg a tree	Adjourned to next term,
new record for itaelf theee day», judging M Ann Valliant va. Robt. T. Arm
Actiononan account. Co.tin,
Friday last at Mr. John Richardson’s the mill threshed the contents of two barns 25x36 feet, and a stack of pease contain
ing 36 loads. On Saturday at Mr. R , Jame8 Hodgins vs. W. C. R. Legett.
Ralphs, a large barn was emptied, O aim for rent of rink. Judgment for and three stacks, containing in all 48 | p|a|n^flf
35ÏS%ïp«TTK
evening Oace during the day the mill Robt< Farrell V| Louie Carriveau. had to be moved and re set Mr. Bor- Action to recover ltore bilJ> judgment ner s outfit is in charge of James How- for p]aintjflf
ard. Wm. Ringroae and Alex. Wat.on Wm. Bel.her ve. James Raitt. Action who are open for reports from other mill for bi„ of colU Continued.
operative».	Wm. Belaher va. Stephen Knox
tion for fees. Disputed, claiming bailiff overcharged in his fees. Taken on
Délibré. %
Richard Ledger vs. Alex Hodgins. Action for trespass. Continued.
John McCann vs. Isidore Duchanes. Action for cedars. Judgment for plain-
AGENTS :—Our book
Breakfast, Dinner and Supper, ” is a revelation in delightful cookery. It’s the best advertised, most patronized, least criticised and most eulogized. A snap for snap hunters.
0(1
C. R. Morrison vs. W. H. Howard and Dame Susan Dagg et vir, opposant. Continued.
BRADLEY-GARRETSON CO., Lt d.,
Brantford
W
seat
res test naval
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
NO TRESPASSING.
Ac

«
Lost
Having purchased Lot No. 8 on tne 13th Range of Clarendon (known as the Logan property) I hereby caution all parties against trespassing thereon, i or cutting timber of anv kii
Somewhere between Shawville Academy and the drug store, a small gold watch, chain and charm. The watch was snap back and front, stem wind and plain gold case. The finder will please leave at The Equity office

against trespassing thereon, or removing or cutting timber of any kind, as any one found so doing will be dealt with according to law
1
tiff

L. E. HEAVEN
John Armstrong vs. Wm. Murrell. Action on account. Judgment for plaintiff.
Nnxon Bros. Co. vs. James Moore and R. N. Scully, opposant. Opposition maintained.
The Bar was represented at the session by Messrs. D. R. Barry, B Rainville, A. McConnell and Wm. Gamble.
Hinton burg, Sept. 30, 1809
V. E. Parker
FARM FOR SALE.
Directors' Meeting.
• Mr. E. Graham, Secretary of Agricultural Society No. 1 directs us to state that a meeting of directors of the above society will be held at Shawville on Saturday, the 14th inst., and on the same date he will be prepared also to pay 60 pe of the prize money, won at the ex nil As many as possible of those interested are requested to attend.
For sale, a Farm containing land (more or less) situated range of Clarendon, aad being Front Halves of Lots No. 7 and 8. The premises are well improved and watered by Quy river, and within half a mile or L churches and a school. For fuller particulars apply to RICHARD DAGG,
Or ANDREW HAVLIN, North Clarendon»
205 acres of on the 12th
on
wo
John Wannamaker, the American
r cent ibition.
x
###PAGE###2###

DEWEY DAY IN NEW YORK
army corps for the cape.
ÏSïïfrÆ'ïïîtt SCENES AT ALDERSHOT
v	.	•	„ ... h zx_ .0	w'th an agony beyond all physical
I* # 6	I . f* 111! f* I	pain. Old t linos, old memories, tender
W	V	1 B	bygone see nos, rose up before him, only
. t , .	. . ___ five place to the remembrance that
slowly but surely sinking into con- *ho was hia no ,0llgeri but the happy.
firmed ill health. So he pleaded earn- ( contented wife of tins man, who stood
*rtly for un early wedding that sliouia waiting for an answer; and then a
Hive him the right to take her a" ay wild, half-frantio desire to see her once tor sumo t.mo to other scenes and cn- more—in her new home, in her char-mates and so bring back the roses to aoter of a married woman, took posses his darling s cheeks.	sion of him. driving away all other wis
Miss lllount, in the usual listless er thoughts and resolves.
######
¦IS*
matters stood, and would have si riven	, .	th . ni ark wood meat officials, on account of certain I 0f an army coi ps gg
with all her might to comfort and con- pravpn ar(un|jy started that night to orders issued from the Wan Office. 1 lie companies « re being medically v*;l,11‘ syl,. lilt- gill she HO xv. 11 U!\tM ’ l:p l‘ul. spud some dnys under Katherine War- orders call for preparations which ined at Aldershot.
Mm lliili lili illl 552
fashion peculiar to him when any- sud her friend on some trivial matter inhabitants.	«peelions, issues of wamHWcnther knm>0 The Curr*e line has been com*
thug unpleasant about Katherine ...	.	.	, i. nl stayed a	was not until they drew up at ^^ing, instructions to the uinm uni- polled to cancel iu> passe ugei n^t, ment when the column started up the
¦S;™ tt.	S HSSk s “r:: r:i -iSp:
Warrenne," .she answered, just as	‘	xx ls hah- fully awoke to the reality of the here at Aldershot the old soldiers were jn spite of these warlike prépara- police boat patrol, wh eh was the apex
-HHraB::	e !»	z.:r «EBBS=FFr £ ‘F
en went mad- as mad as the veriest ‘ u J >a* u .t u V , A m bad him where her ladyship was to be tween their pipes after moss, while	British demands.	which followed abieast. The steamer
lunatic that ever trod the floors of xx '!5 h	-i state of misery	" Come along. Craven ; Barnet thp yvUllger Atkinses stood around in | ho Transvaal's reply to the de- Sandy Book, having on board the
IriSlHE?2	EEEHEEE: I iEEl?âpi p
“Say that again I" ne cried, fiercely,	thing was amiss with their favorite	riedly. Would she faint? Would she	aj0ns, for the veteran fighters nppre-	appear convinced that t.reat Britain is	aft staffs, steamed alongside the Olym-
thrmienmgly ; while “Blackwood,	Catherine, had abstained from their	show any agitation ? Or would she—	ola-te what it means to run up against	determined on w'^v. Ueing atmiMis noi	pia the flagship of Admiral Dewey,
SEETHE: EiFHBE'S-E sSmSS
issed, leaving him sane, but despair- n questioning eyes, that touched to tell Lady Warrenne that—that I am or civilizing the Samoans with rapid- cred, but notice bus been issued to |Kear-Admir.il llowison
fled, ili* turned to the window quiet- i .	,	ment, pausing to contemplate his com-	Thanks to his experience right here, he	. l.irtim rifles, hive been (.1st i ibuted.	I and guns. apjHaiing like a moving for#-
She not no at last moving away	panion unsuspiciously. "You do not	^ ready for the struggle ahead. Ilia I PATROLLING l UK BORDER.	r®“8 aM followed, in the wake of ' hi'
eSesie? mmm m mm W##-
]d,s Charteris seeing all this in her for it, Craven, with a smothered groan, easily with the service rifle. Expos- | of (hi, Transvaal, whither, it is mi* eX!lSl with the Brooklyn astern. In anxious compassionate watchfulness, followed his guide, into a small, ele- Ure during the forced marches andibi- llouuoedf commands of liât) burghers |,b« rear oi lbvae modern engines ol had waved the boys from the ro m,	gnnt apartment, where at the furth-	vouacs in dog tents has	toughened him	wiu shortlv proceed.	It is reported	>val came the Lancaster, then followed
with a covert motion of the hand,and	est end. sat busily embroidering, the	against the climate in	which he must	(bal thl, li(H,r ag,,u(s have made large	gtt!>bt>at Ala net ta. with the auxi-
then gone over to where Miss Blount	woman he loved. Lady Warrenne did	fight, lie drills like a machine from ^	l)Urvhast.8 Qf grain at Durban.	ll.a/y cr««er Scorpion behind. Abreast
was stnndiuir	not perceive Mm until she had rot urn-	daily i>ractiee on the field, and, lake i	gleaned the torpedo boats Porter. l)o-
“Katherine" she said in n soft low ed her husband's embrace, when Sir him a'U in all, hd is in prime condition	*	pont, Krirssen, Winslow and Cushing
soot hi njr tone “my dear dear girl. Mark said pleasantly:	for a long campaign of it-sueh as he	und following them came the natty
s^w*»*srtKT5 -sussmsuw * ......	^ «» czrcüBZdpsa
defiantly	curiously, ^azed straight into Black- place in Britain or on the continent	- uv line wore the transports Sedgwick;
" Nn I regret nothing ” she replied,	wood Crave Ta eyes. for a great camp. The	soil is natural-	unmuri Homl lla«l a Let	<u Tmuble, end	McPherson end McClellan, and after
after wh eir although presently she	For a mor lent—for just one brief mo-	ly porous and so sandy	that water can j	ui Ulnd u	io Have llrcome I	them came the hospital ship Musaouri.
changed her mood and kissed Mrs. mont of a rony—she thought she was not stay on any part of it for u mo- | i nic	Then began the civic and maritime
Charteris silently with tears in her going to faint disgrace herself for- meut afuei the ram ceases. lb was A despatch from Brantford, Ont., aspect of the b g naval parade. 'Fly-beautiful eyes; the latter understood ever In her own and her husband's originally one of the few pine foras,s, I _Word reached this city „D >ng th* flag of the State of New York
ctst.x	sss- so.sr.a* % *s£	sstAf® «-*» ~™ «-¦ I v&^-jspj&rsxrsi
About the end of January Sir Mark thing commonplace to Bark wood about air with health-giving odor. \\ hen tragedy w h.ch occui red on W eunt rnlay learner Monm. ui h. followed by other 7 and Lady Warrenne returned to the his b*dng welcome and so forth,—what, the British War Office secured i he near the village of Kelvin, in Uurford b>ats with members of the naval mill-
-:a 6	SSiSS ^r^-5b-ip:s
¦ ¦¦ |PSS to decay during all those its cold embrace, from beyond which company has a substantial brick home, i ful dog dead and then blew out bis own citizens, the Mount Hope with the that he had spent wandering in	her husband’s voice	came to her, true	At one end us the kitchen, where	brains. Wood was jO years of age,	legislative branch of the city govern-
Italy and elsewhere.	a"d loving as ever:	enough is cooked to give every, pi iv-	Ij unmarried Ue hul had a lot of	ment, the Warwick with the heads of
Aïs;::» %	ss	tstiisa >.»-« - ». - - -«-> » ^..sr^rr r r
the better. She had gained flesh, had the bell?”	a half-pound of bread andr a pint oL ten have been unhinged. Wednesday he Then followed, two abreast, »8 grace-
brought bock a brighter color in her " I will go and see myself,’* she «aid, cknly, to say nothing oi ins portion of j llMjk his shotgun, an 1, calling his dog, fill, magnificently-appointed yachts, fair face, and would have been alto- catching	eagerly	and	gladly	at	the	biter or stout hardtack, as well aa	walked towards a woods not far from	led by the Vorsair, the flagship of Com-
n, .	th<1	-:r.	vpllA gether quite like the Katherine of old chance	thus	afforded	her	of	getting	marmalade, lie has a good solid	his home in seaich of small game. The	inodore J. Viorpont Muigan, und Sir
mmm pifisi
She clung to Harriet when they first	wildly up and down	her own chamber,	The Luuks aie placed in rows, and «ili	. Uiit)n some men at work. '1 he men	twos. The thud and last division of
met after their long separation, and	trying anxiously to	collect her ideas	ei the call tor inspection in t lie morn	asked him what lie had shot at, and	the parade consisted of more than 100
of tears that and to conquer the fierce pain gnaw- mg can be found uv> neuii) niad.- ui’i he replied that ho had killed his dog, handsomely decorated tugs, yachts, good deal : af ing so in*rsistently at her heart.	the 'Vork werei peri o rim hi b> an ^ut xxollid g;Ve no reason except that pleasure crafts, etc., coughing, snort-
I have saved my father,” she	kept	expert chambermaid. Aa Alueishot | |t was letter dead. Woud then strol-	ing and churning the water and mak-
and	over	ls uoed principally foi muvemt ills in	jed baek to where the dug lay, and be-	ing ten times the fuss of a big warship.
ihe spring, summer and full, the com- j fore anyone noticed what he was do-	There were side wheelers, propellers,
U«af. T^Taïdin*" “lik^“he be^re	anaVuilod'u.e	to ' e‘eCtri°	bMla a,ld ^	kiod ut	U,aI‘
also arraaged in rows, consequently	meimM of a 8t ck
onoh regimeinl ia a liitle wllags in it- n;au'a head wan blow n off,	and	lie, . ,	...	.
About five of these villages	fa„ dead instantly close beside the	,.A< U-e Olyutpm came abreasl Dum
comprise a division, in from of which	b<Kly ot bLs (I UMooted companion.	lbe ^at‘ery a mighty shout from the
is an officers building, a substantial	The kroner was notified, but did not	peo‘,‘e bt'Kun' ilia flugnh.p moveo
two storey affair, with suites o/ rooms j ,	in jUeat necessarv	up the river waves of cheering, rose
for the General commanding, and the I	¦	and blasts from all the steam craft at
different Colonels and their staffs.	_the wharves and in the river
fckich Captain has a room to himself,	und women both became hysterical ns
while the Lieutenants bunk two in a	HIT	THE FOX WITH HIS GUN. they shouted and screamed their tli-
room. The officers can pass the lime	_ butes to the Admiral. After the war-
tisrsti: 'zsstsrzxs.	~ «—	... ss. siiisr^Æ
while within are at least one billiard	'	fe.r Thomas Liptou h id taken up ft po. i-
room, a well-stocked refrigerator and A despatch from Graven ho rst, Ont., tion on the bridge of the Erin, the mo-club room for lounging, smoking and | says:—Fred Shunter, ol Glen Orchard, I	ment she got under way, to guide the
The (juetu allows her	whlle out hum ing, shut a fox. Jm- I	starboard column, and, except for a
officers plenty of latitude—and they	_	. nf. r	.	.	,	, ,	few minutes spent on the quarterdeck,
seldom abuse the privilege.	med atcly attci shooting he ieloaded	jUHt after passing the battery, he ic-
This year Aldershot has been the | rifle, Lui neglect ed to put down the mained at Ihe side of the skipper, (’apt.
Mathews, waving his yachting cap in response to the babel of bum an* and steam tongues until after the Erin had rounded the tui n ng-point off Grant's tomb. There were many distinguished guests on the Erin, including the Hon. Charles Russell, who arrived from England yesterday ; Sir R Buidett, Halford Buidett, Hugh C. McC.ildoway, James Craig, Col. Sharnmn-Crawfoid
In the line of
c
nimI huiipllet Orrtrrnl to be
UcHily.
Transport
THE CITY'S MAGNIFICENT WELCOME TO THE HERO OF MANILA.
TOMMY ATKINS AT BRITAIN'S FAM
OUS WAR SCHOOL
A despatch from London, say*:—The Tni ns vital a t nation remains unchanged, though, if anything, the feeling of gloom has deepened. Cablegram» fiom Pretoria and Cain* Town show the general impression prevails there that the will not recede from their pod-ami the feeling of unrest at Pre-
A HporUflf or Trnu in* ml nil Imprrenlvr-
r.nllie*intm for ili<
How * nalantl'» Moldler* Are Trained for 'Ur on tlie «.real tump Ground Tfcr tie i Are In Hjilenillil I h) air#I ton«ll-lion for n Hard tampalun.
*«*•
¦ru
Admiral MuiU Vrul In t'onllnuoni I herring.
The next morning Sir Mark Mai %ane went home rejoicing, the accept Kl lover of beautiful Katherine vh le h is lady-love fulfilled her duly lunes with pallid face and clouded lye s ami th- u dits “all void of souL Blackwood >he had not seen all day, having excused herself from break fast on the plea of nervous headache -not all excuse—but com ng suddenly into the old parlor >oine Hit la time befoio dinner, she discovered Hlaok*
wood sitting there, busily employed
the morrow s
A despatch from New York, gays:— The blue-jackets on Admiral Dewey’s flagship were hard at work long before sunrise on Friday morning washing down decks and preparing tho flagship for the most magnificent naval demonstration that bus evei taken place in nn American port. Like activity was in progress on the other warships riding at anchor below the Olympia. The scene was a glorious one as the sun's rays glistened on the white side of the big vessels a black hulls of the . small ones. The weather could not have been more de* lightful
in the sky, it was pleasantly cool, and there was a light breeze from the south just strong enough to straighten out the flags.
THE GREAT NAVAL PARADE.
Probably before this appears in type jj the roll of the drum will be heard pit the plains of South Africa, calling the torDi has been intensified. A despatch reg men ta of Britain to aims against
But it will not surprise I thnt ,|ie Transvaal Government has Tommy Atkins any. He has been vx- begun to appoint officers to go to t ho
peotiug it for some time, not only in frunt in case of hostilities.
¦¦¦iw >1 Office has unie! ed Ihe
sirs l ions,
Wednesday morning announces
on
the Boers
Oupe Colony, but here on Aldershot plains, says u recent loiter.
When there is u war on hand the , army corp® British soldier generally finds (be Capo.
11
whole transport and supplies for an
to prepare to proceed, to fhis is a very important
making cartridges foi Shooting. For a second her courage lailed her completely, out only for a second; then she rallied her spirits and came forward, speaking bravely tnottgh, though in tones strangely dull and unl ke her usual voice, which was
sweet and musical.
"Blackwood, L want to tell you some-
average
ou-t sooner tliau many of the 'govern- | order, and implies the eaily despatch
The gueJi of 25
d the
There was scarcely a cloud
11.4(H) OFFICERS AND MEN
At 1 o'clock sharp the squadron got under way. It was an inspiring mo-
the
the armored
r,
ng
the iroa
h
he
lias it come to this at last V
•tl id.
Mias Blount sank iuio a chair, and Do:* a abort time there was a'dead bil-ence in the room, during which they scarcely seemed to breathe. To leather.ne the vstillne s was intolerable; any open torture would hive been less hitter. At ail hazards, she must see h a face again, so stealing over to his side th‘* placed a timid, trembling hand upon his arm.
"Blackwood, have some pity 1" she whispered, beseechingly, raising to face, great ltiUruus, pleading
be
•yes
"Pity 1“ he echoed, contemptuously, Shaking off her hand as though it scorched his flesh, and moving backward a few steps Because you are going to marry the richest man in the county, and a baronet into the bargain, or because you hive wisely thrown over the man who was imbecile enough to imagine _ _
Pity tor what?
rather wasted, 1 fancy, were I to bc-»(K)W it on you, so l will reserve «ny 1 may have for Sir Mark Warrenne, us 1 dt> not know of any of my -acquaint* so much in need of it as he is JB «ru ii vv h le, 1 beg to offer congratulations on
more or
y ars
uncos just now you my warmest your success and approaching happi ness
me ? 1 swear—"
' Ha hi” he interrupted lier, sternly, with cold, cruel scorn, putting up
hand to prevent her speaking fur- yurst into a pa. s on ther, "you need not perjure yourself frightened the latter_a|	11
igsli i iiilil mmm
longer l leave you with what must out behaving like a baby when they down to the dining-room to discuss the be a pleasant reflection-the km w- met again—all of which had the ef- good things Brander had thought fit ledge that you have utterly ruined my feet of making Mrs. Charteris feel to place before them. Thither she nl-mxistence."	very sad and doubtful, and doubly ten- so descended—nervous, lest either of
"Are vou going f” Katherine gasp- der that evening to the husband and them should notice anything unusual ed. “For how long ?"	children that awaited her.	in her conduct,—and, taking a chair
“Forever,*' he answered, briefly, It so happened that two weeks af- near her husband’s side as far from turning toward the door ae he spoke. , ter their return Sir Mark had occa- Blackwood, as was possible, she tried Just for one moment, Miss Blount 1 sion to go to London for a day Hath- hard to say something civil and pleas felt stunned—crashed—and then, with erinc not caring to accompany him, ant about their journey, a bitter cry, roused herself and he went on his short journey alone,	To Be Continued,
tried to reach him, but found she could and as he was strolling leisurely down not—some power within her numbed Regent street to execute some trifling her limbs, and left her without commission for his wife, whom should strength to move. Her love, her life, he meet, face to face, but Blackwood was going, but she could only hold out Craven, looking changed and careworn
“ *- *	IKÏÏ£*Ï5 .. ..P,.-,™	- - —
.jirrt, -Si si	«¦.'.»« w	... srjréti»™ i «
Say something to me before you go.” who was naturally of a most kindly,	transient weakening or pause of the	ber gave aû opportunity lot elaborate
He turned as he reached the t hies- open-hearted disposition, was unfeign-	b<xqr('8	action, which causes a suspen-	manoeuvres, such as marches over the
hold, to gaze his last upon the ex- edly glad to meet his oi l acquaint arme	fljou Qf	lhe circulation of the blood in	distant hills, covering fifty to seventy-	charged, The	ball pierced	his	right
IffUl üm	üép
hood, a despairing, broken-hearted Mark. “Come down with me to the Uoa for recovery—that is, lying down	( will allow 2.000 men to be
man, leaving the woman who was to Hall and 1 will promise you as good -the foolish practice of making a "£dled b regiments or battalions,
or- =
........-...... wêêêê mm wmm
?;r v=i k -a	; zzrzpis
'	#a#:TZ: §###
tends to exc'te the nerves of sensation, able records have been shown at Aid and by arousing the brain and heart erehot this year, to renewed activity, are useful.
his
trigger by | except- a sailing vessel. The whole top of
GREETING TO TUE OLYMPIA
self
Men
a
IN CASE OF FAINTING
on rdnp laying
He found ihe fox was not
quite dead, and struck it a blow with the butt end of his gun, which dis-
and Dr. F. Maekay yachts were two other visitors,
Erl King and the White Lndye. From some points on shore Admiral Dewey could be seen standing on the bridge of the Olympia, and wherever this was the case the noisemaking and waving of handkerchiefs by the crowds surpassed that at other points. The crowd waiting at Grant's tomb was the largest ever gathered there. The officer in charge of the great mausoleum said that seventeen thousand persons, us near as he could estimate, had visited the tomb during the morning, and all of these and many more remained in that vicinity to see the warships.
The parade was one hour and fifteen minutes pnssing Fulton street. The vessels moved at about eight knots an
hour.
De
the
AUTOMOBILES IN WAR.
The German military authorities estimate that by the use of automobile baggage-wagons, ambulances, and so forth, the mobility of an army in a country of good roads can be vastly
increased. In England, recently, a " motor scout ” w as exhibited. It is a petroleum automobile wagon carrying a Maxim rapid-fire gun. A variation of this type of wa*r car carries two Maxim guns in revolving turrets, and an electric search-light. It is also plated with a/mor, and driven by a sixteen horse-power engine.

CHAPTER V
When October had come and was well nigh gone, Katherine Blount married Sir Mark Warrenne, and went for a three-mouths
Italy.
From the hour of Blackwood’s abrupt departure, the girl had faded perceptibly, without any visible cause. With a terrible longing, she waited for many weeks for some word or token from her cousin which should soften the bitterness of his last cruel fare- ing
well, but no letter came, and da, by prise, and make her perfectly happy-
day as it seemed to Sir Mark s anx- seeing you will remind her so of old	ISLAND OI LAKES.	Spain has more sunshine than any
sggg# gasesm	-
wedding tour to
You can manage iteas-j
hospitably ilj enough; so say ' Yes/ at once, and meet me at the down train this even-We will take Katherine by sur-
The French Minister of War has circular to the commanders of
sent a
all army coriwi forbidding all officers travelling in Gçrmnny, Italy and Austria to attend the manoeuvers of the troops or to go to the grounds where the manoeuvres ar being held wit n-the consent of the authorities of the countries referred to.
NOVEL BERLIN ORDINANCE.
Berlin booksellers are strictly forbidden to sell school children books stitched with wire, as several cases of |,lood poisoning have been traced to scratches from rusty wire.
AHEAD OF SUNSHINE
out
2,100.
%

###PAGE###3###
¦

f
man, who la eovetous of what his neigh-l>or hua honestly twined, will Always complaining of hard times and i*o<i
u o k
monvy t-i iw made in farming to-day except l>> employing tho most up-to-date methods and in every way keeping thoroughly abreast with the times.
WOULD OUTGROW IT
Ve*. I want f\ salesman, said the manager of the «tore, but you are too old. If you wore £0 years younger J would give you the plane in a min
0 K Cut IMS tut end rtture h {90 te ut. with nernm of iirlO your ntereet iiyrw ofBee end we will tend Mill wewh there for you to esemme. It to en eold-j'leted duet Mof ^ CBee hetidvinely tngrevwi, fl-ietl Sk with AieerlMh model 7 Jewelled 1^# eh m wind end set moven.ont. r'JjTV tody's or g*nti eii*. It lee |WBtm tfood Mum plwie, equal In ep [Off* peereme tv e #?& oo we toll hee## end to Juet the tiling for HH tiedine | ii11	* IT. >>ii
TexHii lnetion you ere W conrll-ifd this W«f h I. w worth far more them we nek rrey tne etpmae a*,nt S3.M6 end nxrorei vhiVMM and ll to
I'nr.fn .houMern, Iran, l.»n	I*l|» I	T«rïo« I*!	....
ProliaUly Mo*t Minirmns	| • >— ¦	—	------------------------- u his was years ago, for Adi in ban
,* .... -	»....—	““	,«T MOTOR CAR. " Z £*«?, « %%% Zt
advantage, tailors any, away from a	___ up preuy v\ell the t un ly characters-
glaaa. Standing l>efore a mirror, he gj RrC€.Mfly Mnil Neat ly sixty six Miles an tics
is almost certain to throw out hia chest, |	n»„r l„ Irmirr.	delve, into t he mi Ht y past and tell uh
if he .loea not habitually carry il h<> a motor car in France lately attain- uïom/‘Vvtml''’ that''would* “rn'-ke and take an attitude that he would e(j marvelous spend of nearly G'i Adam interesting to the modern man. like to have, rather than the one he | lnj|e8 aa hour. A Belgian inventor, M ! What did Adam do when he ran a sli-
rrr	?e lui I c*miiu,3mi^in Mnn- thi* /?hr !	«i *» <«,. ehuwnw
i nts hua, as the portrait p.un	determined, if possible, to break the	ho had corns	did lie cut thru*	with a	all of the older bungalows in	Manila
wants his subject, in his natural pose	kilometer reconi of 38 3 5 seconds, made	razor	or did	he stretch forth	a	hand	jkvshchh what are called house	snakes
and manner. With the man in that	by Count de Chasseloup Laubat. The	in the	future	and get a bottle	of	Cut-	—huge reptiles, generally 12 or	14 feet
attitude the tailor can bring his art	course was a : perfectly straight and	n'in*,8	Bn i n less torn hxi ra-t oi	f	But-| long and as thick as a fire	engine
bear—it that s required — in the over- jevej road running through the new jeg{J( an,j artH j„ twenty-four hours.
coming of ny physical defect, and pro- 8()WUge farm lying off the highway be-'
dure clothes that will give the best at- tween Saint Germain and t onstanoe.
The car which Jenatzy rode was the " Jamais Content,’* which is built of
sheet iron, and is torpedo-shaped so The physical defect most common I	as to offer as little resistance to the
unevenness of the shoulders,	wind as possible. I he first kilometer
was ridden in 47 4-6 seconds, and the second in 31 seconds, which is equiva-One shoulder is | ,,,nt to 105 882 kilometers, 65 miles 1,-
La Jamais
II IN TNI DRINKING.
TO PRQV1 THE HIGH QUALITY OP
TH R PROOF OF A TEA
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
a
LUDEL
Remember that there is
no

{



X
.

61113KP AND HOGS
uio
Shall l couin again, asked I he gray-liuired applicant., wilt fine irony, when 1 am in my twcond childhood If
Bor sin ill furins shn < p and hogs are good animals to raise, and exclusive farming with either cne generally produces tin enthueiaet
CEYLON TEA-TRY IT.
Lead packages
25, 3°, 4°, 5° & 6oc*

PHYSICAL DEFECTS AMONG MEN

Æl ff| L. Cut this out and n and tt to us wltii the nan* of row KA BA a 3 n */e«t express office end we wUJ ship yew thl» Vielle
WIUI Outfit by e*pr«se, suhjeot to exHroineU'u #m t|4® ¦fj1 amine it at your eipreee office, aad If you lad It exactly aj ¦ a we r*jpi«**nl It and entirely •etlifaoUr', oar the ____________ _ expreeewel our ¦i^rlal i-rtea, <« #6 awl
"BmrfKT ItPftlil'i	" c'i'u'Fee ' ' to to a finely fiaiebei,
ItiiSifcLefl”thi	reéiilar #8 00 Ptrudlveriue model rlolle,
ii	rlr'‘ly eolorH. highly jwviiehad. powerful
/	*nd sweet In Une. (>>mplelo with fla<
MWb tt. prie. Huy JsœjtëssxxskJBr0
Toronto» Ont
It really requires it man of enthusiasm to suc-
©<**<l in most branches of cattle raising. One must love hot hi t hq work ant the animals to obtain tlie twst results.
When Adam was a Boy
i

1 livre are wise men to-day who
Then he will reduce everything down to u ay stem that will be guided by good ho use an I sympathy
Johnston A MoFarlano, Bon 1 Z,
9
Some people cannot get enthusiastic over pigs; they are swine an 1 dirty animals
SNAKES AS RATTERS
Solid Gold....£2.85 Best Gold Fill 1.60 6 yrs Gold Fill 1.00 Beat Glasses... 100
Snakes are the professional rat-
al
Nearly
Such people probably have never seen a clover lot of animals, sleek and fut with the green food they have eaten, an 1 so intelligent looking that their porcine qualities seem to have left them. But if there is a feeling against pigs so that one can only regard them us swine fit to receive nothing hut swill and scrape, it is better to let them alone, and devote the
We guarantee perfect satisfaction.
»
GLOBE OPTICAL CO.,
93 Yongo Street, Toronto
bosp—that permanently reside up in the roof and live on rats creatures are harmless and rarely, if ever, leave their abodes.
These big
Book#, Soeartee, Civ olffK6S, Soipulere.
Rnügtomi Pioturt-e. Statuary. and Church Ornatneelà Ktliuiitlionifcl Works. Mail r !*ra recvlre prompt au tioii	O àJ. IADIIIS A CO., Mentreil.
Catholic Prayer
Il EU LIMIT
Dying was out uf
She hesitated the question, but under the circumstances she might throw a counterfeiting fniut.
In oilier words, thogh she could not kick the buck'I sho might turn a little ixi il.
ta i nab le effect ujon the figure os (hey will be actually worn.
FOR OVER FIFTY YP.AR3
MRS. Wl NSI/J W'fl ROOT HI NU HYRVP bu bna uewl by mothf-rr for their children toothing It soothes the child, sofiom the gome, alley# nsln, curee wirvl colic end ie t he I-eel r«-u *-dy for oierrhutn 2.’o e bottle Hold by ell drug„i«t« throughout the world. B# iere end • * for *4 Mrs Window ¦ Soothing Syrup.
I

time and attention to sheep.
These animals hive the name and reputation of attracting the sympathy of all animal lovers, they are the type and symbol of inn< oenoe and helplessness. Hut to the farmer they arA much more than this. They are money makers for him in good sea sous, and good standbys when the other products of the farm are paying poorly. Sheep farming is a science that only the small farmer practises «httip on the plains or on largo plantations where lan 1 is so cheap and abundant is not sheep farming. It is only where the land is limited, and every acre must be made to produce its profit, that scientific sheep farming can be conducted with success and skill. A
i
I
m man is
remarks a writer who has been investigating the subject
higher than the other, an l this is a de- I 404 yards, in the hour
able to do the flying kilomet er at t no %%. JC. VV. Uiov«'h n,g laiure le on each box, tD'e.il	noticeable, except by ratn of a})OU( |j, kilometers, or about
one accustomed to taking note of such 75 miles an hour
things. This is a defect that is easily	'_____
a yniAi i.no>,v, ;* >?'-
ADI I AIDF MW : 10K0NTOr
•ioc.crv' -, * '
I
HARRIS
ISi
SIMILAR, PERHAPS.
Ever up in a balloon ?
Me? No. Rut I have been in love
W P € W>*>
TO H «K i <01.0 <> 0\K O Al
' LEAD, COPPER, ERAI Leei DtsUwe# TelepbeaelfM
WILLIAM IT., TORONTO.
ferencti in the height may not he so
The Dtwiorj Commission Co., Lirqltedy
Oar West-Market A Coibome St, reroute.
THE COST.
Wigwag—My w fe is the dearest little woman n the world.
Wat son—I d< n’t know about that. How much does she cost you?
CALVERT’S
overcome by the tailor, when it exists in a comparatively moderate degree. It is done sometimes simply by cut-
A CITY CASE.
m°.nrtboroo,h°Z'B WANTED—IN EVCRY village-
6 w ir.io.i loo medal* -uid diplômée fur »upe ior *,m ’ ¦¦"i	¦	—BOYS AND QIRL3
o trelenee. Thulr regular ume prevent infecti- under seventeen. for e:wy work in «pure time; big p.ft
Herding
ting the coat to fit each shoulder, I he
perfect fitting coat carrying with it ] One of a Thousand Such Come to
Light In the Queen City.
THE WITNESS'S RETORT j
The present Lord Chancellor Was cross-examining a shrewd bucolic witness some years ago, who rai her “had**
They sometimes call you a Devonshire Dumpling, don't they f asked the genial advocate.
1 believe they do, replied the wit-
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
the idea aud the appearance of sym-
Soinelimes. and this is com-
Dyeing ! Cleaning 1
for the u-rj best mend your work tithe
“ BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Look for a*HTit in your town, or send direct.
Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec,
MANCHESTER
ENGLAND
me try
monly dune in cases of more pronunc-ed difference, symmetry is attained by
good crop rotation is essential, familiar method of building up 1,1	h »i r*	Pill*. .
th< sheep of their proper food. i hey down on that side of the body, so that jpa but	everywhere else it has ijng/
nival Is; kept growing by liberal feed- sometimes it is necessary below the	its victims of kidney disease. Never-, qqie	witness	waited	till	1 he	laughter
iug, and the laud must be kept up to arm to cut ihat si(fa Qf the ooat Bh0rfa	theless, it is safe to say. however, t nat oco^sioned	by	this	inquiry	subsided,
system oi crop mat on. Sheep^ue er- Next to unevenness of shoulders {^eommo/novT than* ten years ago, : ^Ha^hltlVl hodbevn^ doompling, the only animals that thrive on all round sh mlders are perhaps the com- an(1 but yew of those that do exist are	lawyers 'ud a' gobbled J up afore
sorts of farm produce sufficiently to moneyl defect.	anything like so severe as formerly
-----~y,is&?• „„„	„
Lely of crops, and vary them every year, ot the hips. A difference ot hall an	Dodd’s Kidney Pills have been found | 11 PhSlVROh 1 Ü0.
and still always f.n I that the sheep inch here would not be at all remark-	be tbe only medicine that will cure
will eat them and convert them into mbIe; lt is Sl>metiiues much more. It Bright’s Disease, the only cure for
srs3 jk4i f itt* » ....................- - -, -	.£
Wheat is probably about the only im- the legs as he knows being alike in	an(j eqUa}]y efficacious for Heart Disportant excepta n In an emergency length — touching the ground while	rase, Dropsy, Paralysis, Bladder and
of great depression of prices wheat the olher clears it — he may reason- ‘Urinary Troubles, Women's Weakness,
with	roots	and	hay.	Sheep	farm-	somewheie in his legs. It may be that	Concerning their virtue for Lu in- .	'	, , beds too heavy for mea
lug	for	the small	farmer is	thus	ati	one leg is lunger than the other.but it is	bago and	Diabetes, Mr. John Blow, l>7
engaging and profitable occupation, j mort) prubabie that one hip is higher Princess street, Toronto, says:—'T
" SK	La Toscana, ,0c.
and not lo&e thereby.	j that it lakes up the tiouseis more and remedy 1 could hear of was given a	- -
gradually raises tüe bottom more. It	fair trial	in hopes it would help me.	ttarniTNTNfi	HTAqq
would be a common th.ng if men were	Dut until	I began to use Dodd's Kid-	tiAlvUiLiNiixu	ula» .
seen with their waistcoats off to find	,ley pilLs my hopes	were all	in vain,	Thin	and	valuable glass	can	be hard-1 Q 1"*2	7 V*
The	making of pure	cider	vinegar on	suspenders set at uneven heights, 'ihe	and my torture night and day	unbear-	ene<|	after	this	fashion.	Tie	it around' ^ Iftllllllvl wl O
a variation in the suspenders might , be able. No one could imagine the suf-
required, to be sure, by a difference in	faring* 1 endured ; night and day my	Wlttl	hay, place	over a fire in coll
little care and attention will enable shoulders, and not in the legs. It ( pains kept me in misery. It seemed iter aud allow the water to come to	a
the farmer to make a barrel fur home ia common to f nd men’s arms of dif-	as if there was neither relief nor	boil.	Then let	the glassware remain
larger quantity which should ! feront lengths. l he difference may cure.	»n the water until it becomes cold
be so slight as to require no special at- "When I began using Dodd's Kid, ten Lion in the making of their clothes, ney PilLs I had lost faith in all imedi-A first	requisite is	good cider	but it is fiequently necessary to make	cinea. Bat from the	first one	ot these
and	exposed	to a	temperature of	the coat sleeves of different lengths.;	Heaven-sent Dodd's	Kidney	Pills» 1
about 70 de. it will soon make good , lhe fact appears to be that there are ; experienced relief. Every succeeding
*	.	,	...	*	, not many perfect men, that is, men of dose hastened my complete cure,
vinegar. The barrel should nut be	symmetry of proportions, in "1 have used in all five boxes and
quite full of the cider. It should be which respect man is like all things	am thoroughly cured—a strong, heal-
placed in a dry, warm place, not in else in nature, like horses, for inn	thy, hearty, vigorou* man, whereas be-
Tb.u.,,.,... - " ‘XSttiTU.ÎU'SiC	.'SJXi™»E£
in such limits that they might be des- able sufferer. 1 cannot find woids to ports about 2 ft. from the ground for cribed as variations rather than as express my entire confidence in Dodds
Let tho substantial defects.	Kidney Pilla.”
Mr. John Blow, 01 Prince*»* HI., Toronto, him 4 arrd of Lninbngo nml IHnhelr* Am lnlcrcAlIn* feller-High Prnl*c for
Brass Band
36 PER CENT. PROFITS
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, etc.
Every town can have a band,
Lowest prices ever -m oted PI»* oatal ofue, S00 illustrations. m»lleil fr«*. Write us for .uy thing in Music or Musical Instrument..
WHALEY ROYCE A CO., • Toronto, Can.
ness.
But you are no! a Devonshire Dump-
kor this Month or auoupt.
y, after paying the 4 per cent. montbll Coupons maturing Hep?ember Hr. have remaining a sun plus of 32 per cent. After deducting expenses, and IT sm-.unt carried to the reserve fund, there remains to t tr dit of the investors a surplus -iver dividend of 19 4 per cent. Any amount from $50 upwards received f Investment. Book free
The Dominion Investment Co. of Toronto^
Canada Permanent Chamber», IS Toronto 8L
This Com; a
3
a *ui
giving full particulars.
Sausage CasIngs-^uS^rST
erican Hug Casings- reliable goods at right prices.
1’AllK, BLACK WlvLL A CO., Toronto.
now !
dominion Line
ROYAL LIAIt
STEAMSHIPS
Montreal end Quebec to Liverpool.
Large and fast Steamers Vancouver, Dominion, Scotsman, Cambroman
19 Payae, of Oraaky, Que
Cigar Manufacturer.
PflftArfi COLD CURE 18c. Cures in u jiffy. I*. Me VHr lt,ro Cornuck k Co., Agents, Montreal-
THE GREEN BYRD MONSTER
THE DEI MOINES INOUBATOR-Seet and cheapest
__	....	...	_	nzi I	O. Holland, sole agent for tbs Dominion. Send Id,
Policeman—Why (lid your husband stamp for catalogue. 373 tit. Paul Street, Montreal
kill i h it young man?
Mrs. Peanutti— lie maka love toa
Rates of passage First Cabin. $50 upwards ; See*né Cabin. $35 ; Steerage, 122 St and I * 50 For further informa, ion apply to local agents, or
3ÉS
M BEAVER BRAND M Maoklntceh oevet hardens A is guaranteed Waterproof. Ask f r it,take no other. Beaver Rubber Clothing (le, M-mireai
DAVID TORRANCE A 00., General Agents.
17 Bl. Serrement BL. Montreal
AOEirra WANTED to sell the Acme Pot and Kettle Strainer tn every Cou» ty and Township in Canada. The d» vice Uinv aluab e for straining the wate» from boiling vegetable* without •''all* tr.g the bunds or spiil.ng the con'ent# of the put Esc UKive territory git eg to first-cl am agents. For particule* apply to the
A orne Pot â Kettle Strainer Co.
HAMILTON, ONT.
LAW
Mills. Mills A Halos
Barrister*,ck.. removed
to Weal my Bldgs
moad Ht» W.. Toronto
to carry
Kiel
Catarrh : Indian Catarrh Cure
J Sold by all reliable Druggists.
MAKING VINEGAR ON THE FARM
especially tea* who have fare to be cured e:st-wbera, write t Dr. Arnott, Berlin who will eeeviaceyou hecao '«ire j
g HOW CASES. WALL CASES
the farm U not a difficult matter
Office and Bank Fixture», Modern Store Fronts. Mirrors and Plate Glass. For low prices write
TORONTO SHOW CASE CO*
82 ADELAIDE W., TORONTO, CAN.
Ç9NNQIMKNSE KILLS Reach»», Bed UBMg Dn-^gisu, #rMl Qnssa W. Toronto. nraH
use, or a
again
cîtteîef c’ïrSffS’ïSu
find a ready market in village or city
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY.
Michigan Land for Sale.
The 11 Balmoral,” Free Bus
Hotel Carslake
TORONTO Cutting School offers special advantages
¦ to all deiirou* of enquiring i thorough knowledge of Cutting and Fitting Gentlemen’s Garments. Write for particulars.
O 00# ACRES 0000 FARMING LANDS A K KNAÛ
Vj Iosou, Ogemaw aud Crswford Countiee. Title pee foot. On M < b gsn Contrai, De’ruit & Mackinac a.id Loon Laku Railroads, at prices ranging from 82 to #8 per acre. Theeo Lands are Close to Enterprising Ne» Towns, Churches, Schools, etc., and will be so.don most reasonable terms. Apply to
R. >1. PIE
European Plan. Room* f from |i a dav up G.T.R.titatiou, Muu.real. Geo. Carslwke A Co., P
Opp rop s.
113 Yonge St., Toronto
MriOll-College Avenue Family Hotel rates fl.Au P*r day. _	_	_
ST. JAMES’
Railway, First-olau Commercial Huuee. Modern improvement»—Katee moderate
AVENUE HOUSE
D a n F I M DMTl Shoot M8t*IV,orl<8.
n vbi ¦ n W it on KI .V u BLATE. in Black. Re 1 er Green. BLATE BLACK BOA R DB ( We supply Pub ic and High Rctieo!-.Toronto) Routing Felt, Piton, Coul T.*r, etc. RGOFfN'G TILE (Bee New City Build, lugs, Toronto, done by our firm). Metal Ceilings. Cornices, etc. Estimate# furnished for work cemplute or loi uniu-rmU hipped to an. niutof the country. Phune 19C4 C. ÜUTH IE A SONS, Adelaide AWid.iierSU.,Toronto.

disturbed tor a time, resting in sup-
Or J
ioh.
GO TO
convenience in racking off barrel remain with the bung out until
r-ai
California
*Mir	via
CONSOLING
FAST COLORS
the first fermentation is over and the cider is clear, then rack off with a rubber hose siphon or un ordinary wooden faucet store the cider, and store in a fairly warm place for the winter, still leaving the bung out, the barrel nut quite lull.
AFTER EFFECTS OF FEVER
Condemned Mm, to his lawyer— It s	Knitting wool can be made a fast
a long sentence, sir, to be sent to pri- color by soaking it in a strong solution son for life.	of salt and water, taking it out after
Lawyer, inclined to a more hopeful a few minutes’ immersion and hanging , view—Yes, it. does seem long, but per- ^ dry in the open air Wa» Likely to be a Pcrmaneat Invalid, ^aps you won’t live a great while.
Wanted-^sg
Clean thu barrel, re-
Personally conducted California Excursions
Jlw. Angle, of Nrrrllion,
Suffered no Severely That Her Friend* Feared She
in every village to procure lietsof name*, and work in
Remuneration, #2 for every 12 names.
THE ENTERPRISE CO
67 YONGE ST., TORONTO.
Flare time Apply,
Via MISSOURI PACIFIC R’Y and IRON MOUNTAIN ROUTE.
•i
...	,. Id the picturesque* village of Merrit-
It necessary to winter	in an	ordin-	ton resides Mrs. William Angle who
ary cellar, rack off again	.n the	spring	after m/antha of	suffering, has founds
and move out to an open shed, putting cure from the use of Dr Williams’ a piece of thin ciulh over the bung l>i„k p,|l.s. Mrs. Angle relates as fol-|§f hole to protect from insects, but still lows the experence through which admit air. Remember that it	is ex-	she has passed.	"Four years ago this
yosure to heat and air	that	makes	spring, while a	resident of Buffalo I
vinegar. By the following August a bad an attack of typhoid fever and spl, n lid p o ucl. ,-h ul.l be the lesu t. the disease left Ou a large scale, vio g ir is made
O’KEEFE’S Lj*r
Invigorat'd ami fltrm^tliens.
LLOYD WOOD, Toronto, GENERAL AORNT
MALT
THE PROOF BEFORE HIM.
They say thot things is get tin" conga rnedly rotten over in old Paris.
They must be.—Thet last lot o’ paris green I bought wan’t wuih shucks.
OK
.............„„ROKGO
deicate, can be preserved b, drying.
says a German chemist, by pressing ëri or Sale by all Grocers, or F^nd lOrlor 1-lb. package .
oraesfeer-easaae ST SS’!
w. t.Ukqu ha ht, 489 queen st. w.. Toronto, per cent of oxalic a<cid in water
THROUGH TOURIST SLEEPERS.
LOWEST RATES.
For full information nn<i reservation of sleeping caf berth*, add res*
H. C. Townsend, O P k TA, 81. Louis, Mo.
II D. Ai:m'TK'>so,TP A..7W Port-st., Detroit, Mich Bissell Wilson, 1) P A., Ill Adams st., Chi ago, III
COLOBS TN FLOWERS
CULA LILY CREAM
me in a worn out and
A	.	.. in extremely nervous condition, so that
generators, the cider fermenting to a the least	noise startled me 1 could not
oez tain po m. when a sample is taken »k*p at	times for a week on account
and teat made for alcohol st length 111 of terrible attacks of heart trouble. . A HARD POSITION TO FILL. | There l« more Catarrh in this section of the necessary, it is then iun over . the ; Then again my head would trouble	country than all other diseases vut toy et her,
generator a seo n l time and it comes an,i j had bad dreams l h	Employment Agent—Why do you and vn 11 the last few years was supposed to be
z r'm=: "Vmk	rirr„rrs	az'JOSar -	7	SgffiaSHBR
given are those employed by success- that my	friends were alarmed Wh «	Domeatc—'Well,	you see,	the misses local t eatmonL pronounced It Ucaiu-.c.	„ i-
“	....., w s-HœSSliS
everything recommended but still ’Tain t tb it; but now the missus is by F. J. Cheney & Cy., Toledo, Ohio,L the mIt found no relief. Finally a relaliv»	dead, the master blames everything on c n t! Lin ion al « n re on the market. It ie taken
sujiiied me to try Dr. Wi,,Um.’ Tnk me.
FUIS. After 1 hid taken the first box	- surfaces of the *y*t Jin. Tney offer ono hund-
they always guess at every ting. 1 cculd see a change for the better so I II	Give* uaw life to the re<« do lan for an) ca o it f il* to cure, bond
They, (or instance, keep a half-dozen I continued the use-»f the pills untill LU D Y O	clC ,0r AUdre.™ “"k. jfcHEN. KY& CO.. Toledo, O.
nau limsm-d six boxes and the results Sold by all druggists. 5or. a bottle. ; Sold by Druggist-. 75c.
M	Z	THEMAN%^THEE(;n. |
ÉEiïêiH ilEEs iü^ -
three of them are, while the others are "P the good work of administering to ^ ^ *or# being fed at a positive loss. In these «^Uicivd
Kvis srfrtApH	i HEALTH RESTORED rr^
DPoniiroru	i	“,,rB
Calvanized Stee, ^APLM DU Ba^'S
%&NU;Rjr
TkCOllMlML* liat«d all other treatment». It digests when sll otlaF "jçf**" |W hoed Is rejected, hvm 56 time I to coet In medxilse.
Brantford can. % Years’ HiiE"L!I2
odigeetion, Consumption. Diabetes, Bronchitis, Inf# uus, Ou eh» Asthma, Osturh, Pluegrn, Di arrhes# ferrous Debility, Sleeplessness, Despondency
m
A.ldrw.
Windmills and Towers.
Steel Flag Staff»,
Crain Grinders,
Iron and Wood Pumps, See Supplée».
¦eud for New Catalogue.
ALSO
Mention this paper
IMPORTANCE OF KNOWING
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
Many farmers remain poor and unsuccessful for the simple reason that
C DDC’C DuBarry & Co., %%
EL I ¦ O W
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.	ErôlUîPttfY feM.
COCOA




cows, three of which may not begin to

i
J AS. B. ANNETT, Manager,

JCHN J. MAIN, Supt and Treat,

breakfast—supper.	Tli6 Canadian
cAnABA mmm r Heine Safety
BOILER

I
to

Loan and Savings Company.
iMooRPRiaATrp 1655.
The Oldest and largeet Canadian Mort
Ktifev Corporation,
Ur. Williams’ Pink Pills cure by corner to the root of the disease. They renew and build up the blood, and strengthen the nerves, thus driving disease from the system. Avoid imitations by insisting that every bo< you purchase U enclosed in a wrapper bearing the full trade mark. Dr Williams Pink Pills for Pale People
//$ 4L4 STLlur '/wrv'Q, twist**'
*£u/HS *	aMts s/HM/tViS,
dflcn/i# And/ Ant/ û~/
Wutù J	' . ,
days of sharp competition, it is absolutely necessary for the farmer to be exact, and that he has the most definite knowledge up*, n which to base all of his calculations. Ho must figure close-Ivor he wilt soon f ni himself blaming Providence an 1 bemoaning his A farmer should not scoff at novel systems or processes but should al-« ways endeavor to acquaint himself with the latest and best practices. Figures don’t lk, rules are absolute, but “guesses” are too often swayed by preconceived ideas t>r prejudices. Don’t trust them needs

Esplanade,
Opp. Sherbounte St
Toronto
$2,600,000
1,200,000
Paid-up t apilal,
Reserve Fund
Head Office- Toronto St., Toronto.
Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, 1.0
•»
1
luck
High Class Water Tube Steam Boilers, for All Pressures, Duties and Fuel.
6BMO FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOGUE.
«R» iisi™
¦eybe.ee»
Branch OffiC
DEPOSITS RECEIVED. Intend allowed.
DEB EN TURKS IS8UKD for i, 2, J. 4 ur 5 years.
VERY RICH.
Oinemore is very rich, f Hold Cuinso to Cawker. ¦ Rich f 1 should say he rich enough to emde the hia taxe
MONEY LENT on security of reel estate mortgages Oeveruiueot sod Mmnic.pal bunds, etc.

am told

The successful farmer good judgment and a steady 0 The visionary, unsettled
He's
payment of
I. MtikBfckT MASON

-
purpose









###PAGE###4###


SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
COUNTY VALUATIONS. Comparative Statement for Years 1896 and 1899.
Britain After Horses
*w+wm	CAMITV	“ What has caused the shortage in
1 H fc< OXSlJ 1 lie your herds TM asked the repoiter.
“ Why, the war is responsible. You I Chicago, Sept. 27.—Orders came from
-----------—-—------------ ste the government bought a great many j London yesterday to a tiim uf horse
SHAWV1LLE, OCT 12, 1899. j cattle to keep the soldiers supplied.” I dealers at the Union stock yards to buy
Jnn,n ’	1	#	1	_	_____ up all the i,200 pound “gunners ” the
| western market afforded and make ar-
THE MARKETS. j rangements for immediate shipment.
Stress was laid upon the fact that the an imals were wanted for the impending South African campaign, and the cum*
maiked ** rush " and 11 imperative." The horse market at the yards was stirred by the nows. Telegraphic orders were Hashed to breeders in Illinois, Missouri and Iowa for reservations of choice stock, with the expectation that the first consignment will leave Chicago for England the latter part of the wetk.
Il
h
I 1
Valuations
ÉDITORIAL NOTES
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
Valuations
Il P:
$2Ô
Municipality
i m
The Imperial Parliament meets this week to discuss the Transvaal situation, and to vote supplies in ease of an outbreak of hostilities.
Thursday, October 19ih, has been pro claimed Thanksgiving day by the Dominion Government, which places the event more than a month earlier than last
year.
Communication between Dawson City and Ottawa can now be made in seven days by means of the Government telegraph line recently erected between Skag-way and Dawson.
SHAW VILLE.
(hits per bushel. 2d to 85c.
Pease per bushel, 57 to 59c.
Eggs, per dozen, 14c.
Putter, per pound, 15 to 17c.
Wool, per pound, 14 to 16c.
Hay, per ton; $5.50 to $7.00. Calfskins, 45 to 50c.
Hides, per 100 pounds, $5.50 to $6.00. Pelts, each, 55 to 50c.
180*
i <s


u
mi scion was
26,285
30,275
205,305
538,403
04,015
211,205
21,240
04,876
728,550
67,404
47,800
207,485
81,000
150,580
57,500
100,802
105,703
322,401
87,742
100,904
38.803
10
23,805
39.275 130.870 538,403
04,015
211,205
21.240 82,500
486,700
62.240 47,800
207,486 07,550 115,835 67,690 100,802 105,793 322,491 87,742
80,771
35.275
24,90*
85,438 41.085 83,846 48,212 e II I. ( «)*)
$ 24flNM
Thanking the pu hi lie for past patron-ago, 1 respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
Aid field..............
Alleyn and t \iwood....
Allumette Island.......
Bristol................
Brv«nn.................
Calumet Island.........
Chapeau................
Chichester.............
Clarendon..............
Fort Coulonge..........
Leslie, Clapham, Ac....
Litchfield.............
Mansfield and Pontefract
Onslow.................
I Portage du Fort.......
¦ IJuyon..................
Shaw ville.............-
South Onslow............
As I have decided to retire from the | Sheen, Esher, Ac.......
Thorne..................
Waltham and Bryson. ..
23,1
60
113,895
194,015
48,212
94,415
19,145
40,005
221,940
44,300
40,890
110,125
68,525
57.082
58,973
50,484
71,580
82,680
63,475
61,254
31,400
J. O. McGUIRE.

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
15
93.210
887,760
44,300
46,890
50
OTTAWA
Cheap Sale
Millinery
10
Eggs per dozen, 18 to 20c.
Butter in pail, (1st quality) 20 to 22c Butter in prints, 20 to 85c.
Cheese per lb., 12 to 13c.
Beef per 100 lbs., $3.50 to $0.50.
1 ,amb per lb., 8 to 10c.
Mutton per lb., 5 to 7c.
The comparative statement of the val- I \ c* 1 per lb., 5 to 7c.
EEEP
will be found in another colunm of this Live hogs, heavy, $4.00.
The statement shows the valuations | Hides per 100, $6.00 to $6.50
Oats per bushel, 30 to 31c.
Potatoes per bag. 65c.
(15
20
78,033
114,161
58,973
126,210
143,160
330,720
80,213
81.660
$0
Gentlemen :
Having bought out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, I beg leave to state that I am prepared and in a position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with an order.
of
O
25
Millinery business I offer for sale for the
10
44.8
Month of October,
1,514,188 | 3,701,184
3,407,853
1,004.607
My Motto :
issue
submitted by the local to the County Council, and the revision made in each year by the latter. The figures for 1890 show that in a number of cases the ass essaient# made by the local valuators were not interfered with; while in a few others
Totals
My entire Stock at Cost.
lYompt attention to business. No disappointments to patrons.
My Determination :
To turn out a class of work that will l>ear son with the very best ; a class of work that by its stylish and fashionable appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
Leave your Measure next.
lOOO LambsiTHB
WANTED.
RIBBONS—satin on both sides—all colors three inches wide, for 15 cents per yard Satin on one side only 19c. per yard.
WANTED $2 per day sure, gentlemen or ladies; special work; position per-
PORTAGE DU FORT
successful compari
manent; reliable firm, with best refer-1 VEILINGS—nine different pieces at 15
cents per yard.
Farmers having lambs to dispose of this Season will do well to hold them until they get our prices, as they are bound to be the highest that wll be paid.
JAS. ROBINSON,
Roller Mill
an increase—considerable in some instance!—has been made. For instance, Allumette Island and Clarendon have been raised 50 percent; South Onslow 30 per
cent ; Thorne 25 per cent ; Maneheld 20 per gents WANTED—FOR THE LIFE
cent; Fort Coulonge 10 per cent; Cbichea- A jmd^Achlevementeoi AdmtriJSAILORS-from 60 cents, ter 15 per cent ; Aldfield 10 per cent.	WALKING HATS from 50 cento up.
EK3B=SF£H3rs %%%%- -—
village of Shawvilleshow the greatest com- free.	Zoi'cVÀ™
parative increase; of the 21 municipalities, Bldg., Chicago, the Island ranks 6th and Sha*ville 7th highest in value. Compared with the other villages in Pontiac Shawville stands conspicuously in advance—exceeding in fact the combined valuations of Bryton,
Fort Coulonge and Chapeau, or of Poll-age du Fort and Quyon. Yet in point of population we do not think we can boast of much if any increase over the last two mentioned.! Shawville # growth'haa therefore been more in the nature of building improvement, as the result of her steadily and ever increasing trade, than in other directions; and of course out citizens nat-
cnccs ; experience unnecessary Address
SILK LACE—two yards for 25 cents. Field Manager, Torento. I CHILDREN S FLOPS-36 cents.
S. M. FRY

TAMS—25 cents
do
Buyer for Mr. Jamieson.
Renfrew
August 21, 1899,
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
CEO. HYNES,
J. W. COIVjBA, tailor.
S|RS. JAS. tycCREDIE.
(McArthur's building, Main Bt.)
FURNITURE DEALER AND First Quality Flour.
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE
0. WILSON’S,
Shawville
WANTED Industrious men of Character to travel and appoint agents. Salary and expenses paid. BRADLEY-GARRETSON CO., Ltd.
Brantford.
f-f Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment In every respect.
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
—ALSO—
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed.
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
General Supply Farm Machinery and Carriage
JOSEPH BROWN,
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Proprietor.
Public Notice.

IN UNDERTAKING
Taxes I
Depot.
Taxes !
FOR SALE:
«
I also keep a complete stock of Fune ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegant fy designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
1	I .&C4 2SB ÆSîrULt
Boards	IN ARREARS of TAXES will be sent in
*	for county sale if not paid before the 1st
Laths and Shingles. |di^ °f December, vm.
0
urally feel proud of the fact.
Our other little business centres throughout the county, however, need not feel discouraged. With the construction of the Ottawa Canal under way, as we I Carriages believe it soon will be, there must inevit- Buggies, ably be a great awakening of business life cARTSi in those places, and in twenty years hence it is difficult to predict which will occupy the position now he!i by Shawville.
Farm Machinery (all kinds,) Waggons,
Expresses,
Public Notice.
Order of Council,
S. M. LOGAN
Given at Thorne Centre October 4, 1899.
Sec.-Treas
i
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Province of Quel>ec,
School Municijiality of
0SÊMÊMIESET ^ -1 ™ ~ ~ ~
nlclpality, has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested during thirty days from this notice, dufing which time it may I* amended.
Any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such Roll, which shall l*e taken into consideration and homologated with or without amendment at the meeting of Commissioners to take place on the 16th day of Octol>er, at the place where such meetings are usually held, at the hour of ten in the forenoon. But such delay ex-g pired, it shall come into force and any per interested after having taken cogni-

Pontiac
Woolleq
Sewing Machines, Washing Machines Wringers,
Churns.
the Bank. For terms
to introduce “ The Light of Life," the most marvellous book since the publication of the Bible. A commentary on the New Testament, together w ith complete lives of the Apostles. In point of art the work is a gem. The finest, most touching, life-like Illustrations ever designed for the New Testament. Sells in every house, and anylxxiy can sell It. Capital or experience unnecessary. Freight paid. Books on time. Send for outfit, giving choice of territory, and we will show you how to make money.
BRADLEY GARRETSON CO., Lt d,
Brantford.
SILAS YOUNG, Park man P. O
Our Great Unknown
FARM FOR SALE
Straw Cutters Corn Shellers.
Canada contains a vast area of unexplored and little known territory. Vn-jzava, as that extensive region lying north of the province of Quebec and east of ^ heelbarrows
Labrador, is now called from the Bay on its Atlantic coast, has never been thor-
oughiy explored, it has been traversed Everything required by the Farmer
by hunters and trappers; prospectors for* #	*
minerals have ascended some of the rivers and have seen some of the lakes which plentifully dot its surface. Quite recently government Geological Survey parties hare made explorations which have led j ym TD A V“Q to the impression that this hitherto un- r°
known country contains many valuable I To j)Uy good article, and an inspec-resources not only in fish and fur animals, tjon ()f our 8tv>ck will show that we keep but in timber and minerals. The report onj„ Lest goods of the best makers, that a Boston syndicate has had a partyégLgggggggggggg^^ggs spying out the land, who have discovered Klondike, although lacking confirmation, is not improbable, when wo re fleet on the wonderful finds made in regions still more distant and desolate. If the report should prove true, the fact will be of immense importance to this pro It seems as if we are only beginning to have an idea of the magnificence of our heritage in the once despised few
Montreal Witness.
At a Bargain.
The undersigned offers for sale a farm containing four hundred acres of choice land in the Township of Curd, District of Parry Sound. Seventy acres cleared ; balance bush. Log home, barn and stable erected on the premises which are well watered and situated one mile from school and post office. The premises are admirably suited for a stock farm. Clear title. Fur further particulars apply to
' XV. J. HODGINS.
Hon Held P.O., Out
Mills
0—
soil __ _________ _
zance thereof, if lie so desire, shall pay the _e	.	, , amount of his taxes to the undersigned at
The onlv EstabliSJlIJlSIlt i his office within Twenty days following
*4*0 VAAAjr *eWFIWW**WW|the#ftiddelftyoftlilptydttyef without fur.
of its kind in the County.
in the line of machinery to lighten the work about his premises may be got here.
tlier notice.
Given at Shawville this 13th day of the month of September. 1899.
11. LANC ¦¦
i
Sec.-Treas
We are Agents for
—o
Public Notice.
CARDING A. SMILEY.[SPINNING
Etc. Etc.
Prices that will sell.
The Winchester
9
Province o Quebec. i Municipality of Clarendon. J
s Public Notice is hereby given by the 7 undersigned Secretary Treasurer that the Collection Roll of the said Municipality of Clarendon is now made and completed for the current year, 1899, and also th tion Roll of the said Municipality for the current year, 1899, to nay Interest and
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT Sinking Fund of the Railway bonus. Both
collection rolls are deposited in the office
AND SATISFACTORY MANNER. | ^ «£»£& ÆfTfTth^
ment of any assessments are hereby required to pay the amount thereof to me at my office within the twenty (20) days following the date hereof without further
notice.	.	,
Given at Shaw ville this nineteenth day of the month of September, one thousand eight hundred and ninety
a new

Rifle
V

' .38 - 5 5
4 f BALLARD & MARLIN

e Collec
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE.
vince
\
Catalogue now ready. Write for one and prices.
McDOUCALL & CUZNER,
acres of snow
Newest Fad in Women s
Waistcoats.
•• Alice has sent me some new things
writes Edith Lawrence, in
41 Not
much this time, but still what she does send me is always worth more than the extra postage which I invariably have to pay on her letters ! Dear girl, she always was so careless! She tells me of the swell waistcoats the women are wearing over there. They are made of cloth and leather, and are buttoned up the front with small gold buttons. She says that some of the moat smartly dressed women had their monograms on the buttons, but usually the buttons were quite small and plain. The waistcoats, from her description, must be tailor made — much like a man’s waistcoat, with muslin or silk backs. ,
They are all embroidered or painted.. The Come and be embroidered ones, she says, are the most , Convinced
durable. ”
-o
Always In Stock a large and well
assorted Range
We have just the kind of Furniture that every person wants
and at prices to suit alL
from Paris “ The Ladies Home Journal
of
STOVES !
-nine.
THESON,
Sec.-Treasurer
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds,
Flannels,
Prints, &c.
STOVES I
Public Notice.
STOVE S !
Province of Quebec Municipality of Clarendon. I
Public Notice Is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders In this municipality that the Collection Roll as established by the School Commissioners of this municipality has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain In my possession for inspection by parties interested during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended. Any ratepayer v during Ithe said delay complain of •n roll, which shall be taken into eonsi-
i
f
One Thing Needful.
The comforts of a household are never complete without a good Cook Stove. See to It that the winter season, which is fast approaching, does not catch you Ill-provided in this respect.
Still In It.
These Goods are from the best Scotch, English and Canadian manufactories.
They have been selected with a view to
supplying people with the c’mea of goods th«y require, and they have been marktd at prices that must sell them when ex-mined.
ma
I am still in the business with a supply of the popular makes, ready for Fall trade, and the large number of Stoves 1 ha ve sold during the past year is sufficient evidence that I keep the styles the people are looking for.
-nr
deration and homologated with or without amendment at a meeting of Commissioners to take place on Saturday the 28th day of October, 1899, at the tow n hall in village of Shawville, at ten of the clock in the morning. But such delay expired, it shall come into force, and every person interested is obliged to take cognizance thereof, if he so desire, and to pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville this twenty-fifth day of the month of September, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.
CimjBERTSON
& CHAHAM,
Buying up Canadian Cattle
Toronto, Oct. 7.—“ We are short in Texas and the south a hundred thousand steers this year,” said Mr. Fred. Walker, of the Santa Fee Ranch in Texas. Mr.
Walker ia looking through Ontario and trying to buy a few car loads of pedigreed shorthorns. 44 In Texas we have bought •o many cattle fiom Scotland that we fear we will be draining that country of its good | \ Full Line of— stock,” spoke Mr. Walker. “ I had heard a great deal of Ontario cattle and am go Ing to try them.
The Farmers’ Stove.
Our 14 NORTH-WEST " High Oven Stove nearly always catches the farmer who takes time to examine it, and those w ho hate bought one say it is just the thing.
Several kinds of Under-Oven Stoves on hand. See tl^em.
Undertakers and Embalmers.
A. HODGINS
B. J. BLACK, Main St, SHAWVILLE.
5
UNDERTAKERS’ SUPPLIES
HUGH MATHESON,
Sec.-Treas.
PROPRIETOR.
—Always kept in stock. |




	
###PAGE###5###
r
f
Ci. Dili*,
FALL - 1899
The proclamation summoning the British Parliament to meet on the 17th also authorizes the tailing out of the military
Winnipeg, Oct. 4 brook, the young lady who disappeared from the Red Deer Indian schoo», has keen given up f r lost. It is heh- vea that she fell into Red Deer river and was carried down the stream, which was a raging torrent at the time of the occurence. As the country to the westward is littlr travelled, her remains may not be found for months. Tho mounted police and settlers have made n thorough search for miles around lied Deer, but failed to tiud any trace of tho missing woman.
m
THE EQUITY,
JAH. HOPE & Co,
Vf ANüFACTüniNO STATIONERS,BOOK8EL IfA 1er», Bookbinder» Brlulera, etc. Depository f me Ottawa Auxiliary BllileSoclety.Ottawa,Out.
PRACTICAL
HATCHMAKER
end
JEWELLER
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT 8HAWVILLF, Co. PONTI iC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1,00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper a topped until all arrearages e paid, utilea, by mpedal arrangement with ubllsher.
Misa Maud Wal-
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
NOTARY FOR THE

f I
Thoughts of cold weather will intrude with a natural inclination of the merchant’s mind to the goods needed for it.
; i ?
NOTARY PUBLI
RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
Will l>e In Shttwvllle on the first, Tuesday of every month and remain until Saturday morning following.
X

KEEPS
$
K or
A ftEI.BrT 81
watches,
(LOCKS JEWELLERY. S1LVERWARB
Ac. &c.

ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at *4.00 per year.
Ijocal announcement» Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents tor subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given ou application
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per Hue.
Ë
l
Clothing and Underwear.
R. MITCHELL,
V
% i
REPAIRING —
A Speciality
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT.
for the District of Pontiac. Office, Main Ht., Bnawvllle.
Accounts collected and promp\ returns made.
SHAWVILLE, Q.
High Quality, Low Prices, and a Superb Assortment are prominent features of our
... Clothiqg Business....
Men’s and Ladies’ Underwear.
100 Dozen to select
from in Men’s Ribbed Shirts and Drawers,
Men’s Fleece-lined do Men’s All-wool do Men’s Extra Fancy do
The collapse of the bridge across tiio Ottawa at Dca Joachims although a great trouble, has not paralyzed trade at that (paiticulsrly at this time of tho year) portant point. Mr. Oliver Dufoe ham a tine ferry; and Messrs Boisvert and Bertrand have secured a firat class scow, Bti feet long and capable of conveying fifteen tone of freight across tho river. They have also made good approaches to the river on each side, so that teams and b ads may drive into the scow, and there will be no need of tv.king the horses off the wagon ; they can also drive off without un« hitching. In addition to the scow Messrs.
Boisvert and Bertrand have two fine boats for the accommodation of passengers.
It will be seen that passengers need not suffer because the bridge is down for the present.
Toronto, Oct. 7. —A syndicate of gentlemen, with Lloyd Harris, of Brantford, and B 0. Craig, Toronto, at the head, have arranged with the Ontario Government to secure concession of 2,000 acres in the township of Dungannon, Mont-eagle, Carlow, Raglan, and Brudenell, In Eiatern Canada. Besides the rental of these lands as provided by the Ontario Mines Act. the syndicate will be required to spend $25,000 before Sept. 15th, 1900,
$60,000 in eighteen BMfltW, and #100,-
EBHHEE Wet Weather Necessaries.
VÛT'New lot of the latest approved style of
The syndicate hsve hid prospector, in	LADIES’ & GENT’S WATERPROOFS,
the field for months. They have found	,	,	.	•--¦u--
corundum in largo quantities.	SlZ68 frOHl 30 lMCh Up tO OU 1I1CI16S.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SN|ITH, Proprietor.
s
1111
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
f
Tho Shawville
FACTORY.
SASH and DOOR
The spot spot for—
JOB PRINTING
A Fashionable Haih Cvt,
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
ALL KINDS OF—
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher. SdT Your Turn next
Interior & Eiterior
Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY ot Ottawa.
Articles to be laundried forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
do
FINISH FOR
Boules 8c Verandahs
MANUFACTURED.
Business Cards.
do
do
^medical.
DOORS, 8ASII, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac ,
Kept In stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULABPBICES
F.M.A.McNaughtorj,B.j\.,M.D.lC.M. District and Country.
Ladies’ tyisses’ and Children’s Underwear
Graduate of McGill University
I Mr. John A. Jamieson, .7. P., of Hor Will occupy the office of Dr. H. H. Knox the well-known lime manufacturer, during his absence.	| died on Sunday evening, the let, inet.,
aged 48 years.

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
o
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
The Ontario Government have recently turned out a huge batch of Queen’s Counsel, among whom we notice the name of Mr. James Craig, Renfrew.
Archibald Blue of the bureau of mines Owes asd Rmidksc* : J. H A&MMrsoMu'a Hons, Relieves that valuable sapphires may be main street - • SHAWVILLE.	I found in the corundum lands. Pros pec
tors declare that the belt in Eastern Ontario is the richest known in the world.
From 10c. up to $1.00 per piece.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria Univeritty, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO.
Carsrun at Intervals of twenty m'nutee in the morning and fifteen minutes In the after noon, dally, Sundays Included.
LEGAL.
* Aitnnn i Tt â tmtttt t Ti T T T	I Four hundred delegates, representing
B0URBEÂÜ RAINVILLE, L, L. L. 25,000,000 Presbyterian», are in session
ihia week at Washington attending the seventieth general Pan - Presbyterian Council.
According to the Smith’s Falla Record the North Augusta man who was recently cheated out of $5,000 by a couple of sharpers, was fined $50 and costs for watering hie milk.
The Ottawa Citizen ia authorly for the information that an American company, represented by Mr. C. E. A. Pew, have purchased the Baldwin iron mine at Ironsides, and that mining operations are to be commenced at once.
ATau?Nîtll.Aaïreqiie«t.»Uendalleoorte Misses Cora Van Camp, Carrie Reynold» In thedlutrlct. All correspondenceprompt- mod	Burke, belonging to the Horn,
be*at4bawvllleflrstThursdayofeacb erite church, left Ottawa laat week for
w	1 Egypt, where they will join Mr. H. E
RancUil, who some time ago left for there as a missionary.
John P. Amy, wile and family, of Tacoma, Washington, a»e visiting Mr. Amy a m §*er, Mrs. (Dr.) Mair, and his brother, E G. Amy. Mr. Amy ia the western Hgent for George K. Vanderbilt of New Yoik and preaident of the Fidelity rent and collection company of Tacoma, Wash. —C'bden Son.
St. Thomas, Out., Oct 5.-On hia way
io school, a son if James Bole, aged about seven years, attempted to climb on i buckboard of a single rig driven by Mr. S. Robinson, and in his attempts to get - - QU E. I «-n put one of his legs through tho spokte
of the wheel. In an instant he was
wii l 1A1H FLLIOTT	I wonnrt around the wheel. Tho lad’s leg
@.H5S3S «as Lb„^.“,HÏ^4;l.wrw'
SttSl Collingwood, Oct. 7.-Wm. W. Nettle
madeandp'-omptreturnsassured	ton, formerly a well known merenaut
: here, was found on the street yesterday I suffering from morphine poisoning ~ conveyed to Dr. Aylesworth's surgery and restoratives applied, but he only lived a few hours. Friends claim that . LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County ^ morphine was taken to allay nervous
aasSESDsSS^b- ,h“ t0"k * °"r
Close connections are made with all Cana^ 4lan Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontlae Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
War will Follow
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Shawville every Monday
Ladies’ and Cent’s Umbrellas,
Our Stock cannot be surpassed.
W. R. TAYLOR,
The Boers have sent an ultimatum to the British Government, demanding the withdrawal of the troops within 48 hours. War is now believed to be very certain.
WILL VISIT
Sec.-Tress
WM. GAMBLE,

BARRISTER, So.,
159 Main Street,.........
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each mouth.
Offlce-over O. F. Hodglns' Store, Main St.
TOOTING YOUR WHISTLE
Bull-
We show the largest assortment of Dress Goods and Silks In the County.
STEVENS RIFLES
If you toot your whistle and then lay down your horn, there’s not a soul will even know that this man was born. The rasn who owns hie acres ia the man who ploughs all day, and he who keeps a humping is the man that makes it pay. The msn who advertises with a short and sud den jerk, ia the man who blune# the printer becuaee it didn’t work. The who gets the business uses brainy printer’s ink, not a cutter plutter but an ad. that makes you thii.k, he who pis ns his well bought stock, has the future of his business just as solid as a rock.—Ex
G. F. HODGINS
ARTHUR MeCONNELL.
arc guaranteed to be
SAFE.J50LID, ACCURATE,
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
month.
msn
the
$6.oo41 Favorite " to our most expensive,4 Ideal#”
Froi
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
9 9
1
loll & Barter’s Mill
advocate, barrister. 230 Main St, - Mull. Que-,
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.)
business In District ot Pontiac attend ed tv.
Go to
The -IDEAL- No. 44 is a flee rifle. ONE OP OIIS LEADERS, price only $10. We gnaf .ntee it in every respect. Nothing cheap about it but the price.
Made regularly fa 33, #3* am4 ^Seal-
Principal Vaughan, Mina Macgregor and Miss Davies left on Wednesday morning for Montreal, to attend the annual convention of the Protestant Teachers of this
We re ness of sipelas. recovery are
SHAWVILLE.
DALE BROS.
Law
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Stoves,
Planing,
Matching Dressing
egret to report the very serious il! Mr. Thomas Wilson, sr., from ery ! aged gentleman's chances of doubtful.
W. W. IRELAND,
.39-53 and. 44-40 center-ire.
IN SPECIAL SIZES, £13.00.
Send stam//or complete Catalog and
Hand Book.
j. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL 61,
P.O.Box 1311.
U	CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS.
The
Clerk of the District Magistrates* Court.
M°oTlîàîSL?eU.. eexn^uMnieSîlyCeand
factorlly
Tinware,
BORN.
At Cascades, Que., on Sept. 25th, to Mr and Mrs. Ernest Wilson, » son.
At Clarendon on Thursday, Sept 28th, to Mrs. and Mrs. Lewis Hodgins, twin sons.
At Shawville on Thursday, Sept. 28th, to Mr. and Mrs. C. McCagg a daughter.
At Shawville on Friday the 6th inst., to Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Howes, a son.
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Bvetroughing-.
SHAWVILLE
and
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Jobbing and
Repairing
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
He
njuinJUTJVtAnjiruuinJLrLTLri
rur^j
general.
^in
i
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
—	Sample* Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
was
J. J. TURNER,
Shorey’s
Clare Serge Suits
Neatly and promptly ecuted at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
ex-
all demande supplied for
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
WM. BARBER
The Méthodiste have started their Mil-Dollar Century Fund with a swing. The Toronto churches alone have subscribed already over $247,000. Sher-atreet church alone contributed
toil
J. G. ELLIOTT
Made of Fast Blue Serge
20 OZ. tO
the yard.
Court Shawville,
No 276.
DALE BROS.
bourne	.	_	,
$100,000. Among the individual gifts
were $35,000 from Senator Cox, $30,000 from W. E. H. Massey, $30,000 from J. W. Flavolle, and $10,000 each from A. E. Ames and D. H. Fudger.
An Earthquake
L0.E
SHAWVILLE, QUE-
_ _ Highest Prices paid tor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
PATENTS
Meets the 4th Wednes day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F.B I '8
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
I
P. s.
PROMPTLY SECURED
L.B.C
Kingston, Oct. 4.-Principal Grant ? resting quietly at the residence of his cousin at Blairgowrie, Perthshire, Scotland, and a letter just received states that he will not return to Kingston until the middle of November. There is a rumor current that knighthood will be conferred on him before he returns, but his personal friends here know nothing about it. They say that the principal as a clergyman would not likely accept any such honor.
8*8
MARION ft MARION_
PATENT SOLICITORS ft EXPERTS
pans
. < HEW YORK LIFE BTD’C.. MONTREAL BAR. OFFICES: \ ATL*hTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D O.
J. A. COWAN, R 8
Not made
to order
Hugii Hobbs, C. R.
Ville Marie
The Farmer
HOTELS.
Things are improving in our little burg.
The Hay crop has been magnificent aud the wheat yield grand. Oats and potatoes will likely be scarce, owing to the drought in the early spring; or to the heavy clay «oil In the Lumbering trade there ia
roan who wants to.	m*	..
Business The Housewife
will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes.
but made
St. Lawrence Hall,
to fit.
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress,
Good Accommodation ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached
B. F. Hough, who has just returned to Duluth from the Klondike, reports the death of Hoy Moffat (of Pembroke) and
Hough has a letter that
quite a stir and every work can have all he desires has not been so flourishing for six years.
have been large numbers of Tourists on Lake Temiscamingue during the last summer, and they all seemed highly pleased with what they found here Eight Pittsburg, Pa , gentlemenjreturned
here from Lake Tsmagami last week and report a most enjoyable trip, a: 1 that it was their purpose to return next year
and bring their friend, as well.
Ville Marie has improved wonderfully
A fine bridge
Sold only by the best Clothing dealers for
Table and Bar al
t
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy and comfo; table.
There
two other men	.	.	_ ,
«ras found in a split stick on a bank of the Porcupine river, saying that the party w< uld strike for La Pierre house. The letter was signed by Moffat, who added that they had killed their deg for food. The remains of three men were found by Indians 40 miles from the point where the letter was found.
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
PONTIAC HOUsf
1

. $12.00 ¦¦¦¦
Barrie, Ont., Oct. 7 —Mr. and Mrs.	r	1	£	I	within the past few years
Barrand, of this place, lie in a precarious	£	5	has been built at a coat of over	$1,400,
condition, sufferingfrom eating toadstools,	5	,	2	and two culverts have been filled	m with
which were represented to them as mush I d	Tailors price for the same d	;	go(J(jed earthworks at a cost of about
sr,.,T.s.=SS»; I goo»** $20.00. I	slas to»»»
complained of feeling ill. Mr. Birrand 5	moet agreeably eurpriied at our progress.
alerted for a doctor but fell down and hid duuuuuvrxnnruvvuumruVLrinJuuo There have been Urge foreat fires on	Sta.rlg6fl COmBM.
toadstools and at once hurried to Mrs.	o F HODGINS, Shawville;	greatest sufferer. The Lumbering I '
Barrand, whom he found in a fainting	H 8 DOW2v3a«T0.rjv.oii-	was burned with b large quantity of sup-
condition. Both patiente may recover. Siu^MoXaLLY. Cawvb^lls' bay;	A few fermera also loet heavily
Fortunately the children were not allow-	k. a. M a LON EY. Chateau;	, Mattawa Tribune,
ed to eat any.	I e. bmith, bristol static*.	I
A
In Conclusion,

SUIT
Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up to date general store.
Trade Marks Designs
P	1 Copyrights Ac.
mass
T.N1OTM».
ms"
i
HR T II II
11
1

III
m
• ».
THE PATENT RECORD
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL, • • •
proprietor
###PAGE###6###
-----r
SW
to develop seed, but (be borders of the
g;u lion lot and field* nviar by should be cleaned up at least twice son by moving down
AOT£S A AD COMMENTS.
A t« ASWA-t .WA A VVVi WVt iWl ViVAVAVAWAW,
I Agricultural |
* ' '• V ''A ' Av. WMWWAVAAW AAAWrA W,W *. » W.
l he bn by to bed In the dark, mediately after nursing.
&#*##* "r *'vake, and do got take it ui> | feeeilar «MtM» Sknsmâ i
•	gain unless -t In ill. If it .m s, go in
•	nd turn It over, pat its hack or sing
QUEER FUNERALS IN ,'SVRIA.
im
«
#####
whether
It will surprise no one who known the uncertainties of Smith Sound
About the Bouse.
every sea-
I HI m i burning every weed that can furnish see.l lo blow over into the garden. All of the will require some labor, and for a few \«‘ar.s it may avem almost uaelesa labor, toi it may take the proverbial seven .Y<‘ u a seeding, but after a few years
the result will be seen in many les* «noos that will really lighten the labor weed* to kill in the garden. •	lu her kitchen. Many of these things
- .	arvi *	1 Id,in °f filling every	are inexpensive, and any one who has
th6 taking 0ttT"mRl,rl,ieorop°awithVmo * “*‘'e lngonuUy ,a" arra"«*'
other crop, not only because it utilizes Perhaps you cannot afford one of toe feel the land and manure twice in one sea- very convenient kitchen cabinets that shame at the senseless and tbread->on but because suoh crops soon grow are so widely advertised, but a set of
k« i	wagon	and	his	qua in	ness	cultivation of the second crop. Or if	boon to the housewife who must go	lie cried	considerably	for	two	nights.
• of speech when he	visits	the city	and	such crop is not desirable, sow some	back and forth from the pantry to the	ihvn settled	down, and* as	a	result	he , f
.......................
s s edge expeditions and he has again velopment of the spiritual and physical	j the shelves will keep the dust out. try giving ft n sponge bath, using
^uatifMthe cvmplimout which Sir O- faculiu*, aa ia puru utr, and there ia	--*- Uienalla of granite or iwrcehiin ure w!'t,er al,,"*‘t ,9l) *.leer.ew;, A1”8! , ,	„
His routes have extended over l.DOO Encourage him when lia ii.es to do. *irce* Tartle Bmi, and Oy.irr I'alite*. A double boiler is excellent (or cook- oft, «	a>'>P a baby s fretting. By ln Luglaim.
,,'^rz	! sHîri^Kï": ! BümHHHE ïi,=T=JEEPr H
mg knowledge about the geography of successes. Make him feel that you tensions at all. had .its own special | closely lifting lid set in a kettle of I light. and this is to ha avoided as far material, some of which we afterward the region near Smith Sound. Hayes rest upon his faithfulness and truth dish, upon whose excellence it prided bulling water will answer the purpose ; ns possible, as every young ch Id discovered consisted of real Sound, northwest of Cape Sabine, was 1 m what ever you mtrusi to mm Do itself, and to practice of which people	• Y" tomato cans, or large buk- strifes fixedly at a light, a habit veiy	" LADIES’ HEaT DUhbShS,"
tL’TrV'^,T"I “• tT“*•»»>»»*»«'«»>• jy*asrttur,rjzr&xzssi*” '0TT"
mass to the Arctic Ocean on the west even if things do not turn out as you Bel plea, for instance, were once the in seeder, can opener and kettle clean-	shrieks, wailings, and cry.ng.
and. thus separate Grinnell Land from have expected, Never disparage his great feature of the “duelists’ break- ?î occui>3r important places among the BROWN BREAD AND DESSERTS. The immediate male relatives of the
IEùsSEkSEE rs* zr. rzzz !	1	t: £S£SE?iS
a narrow inlet and that Grinnell Land freshing in the world thun the* broad. Quantity of fish being regularly found u;xon clothes that have been heaping cupfuls of rye flour, one tea- l>ally approached we arrayed oui selves and Ellesmere Land form one land courageous, undismayed hopefulness dredged up from the stream that used I oarefu,Dr washed. It is likely that spoonful of salt and two heaping ten- in u line paralell to theirs and eight or
^dmaZlTmJof th! U^Tinl^	/ousting w I ZnTilll^aTblwZtels 1ÏT nZ and" th^^ouîd^wash!d^ every %^LrL%"uiT tZ ’ o Z\ u‘ l1
tations on the west coast of the Smith plant in the ten-acre firld. and how obtained tom a f.shmonger who car- week. Do not imagine that the suds lul dark molasses and cold water |	’ f t, :	* \,v Go(1 have mer_
assess ssssssssr^z: mmsm
and has connected hia surveys ot its a sou. Let him have the money he *re the oyster-putties, for which Rule’s	*nd outside with it. If cotton Drown Dread, No. 2.—One cupful of ,iuvted from the dead man s days might
western coast with those of Lock- ?aiaf- I ou would have to pay the in Maiden lane, la still famous: while 1 h«1ML 1*1	% a clothes line, it can Indian meal, the same each of gra- be added to our days.
a geographical point of view there is i Do not disgust him with farming lutter were quite an institution in NV ‘1 >8 11,1 vt a P ® to keep these things gather and strain three hours.	i form,
in Un beginning by tolling him that > days gone by, and even uow there are £usV ‘ '	*	^ froux ted from the Imperial Cake. One pound of flour, Now and then we could see big %mjs
=,===#%### mmmmmmm wmmm üeie
1H5B
vuil move north, will enable him to Do not starve your family for the <be fish used/it appears ^rei the cali Lettuce or celery may be kept fresh 1 u™ S, n,a,lo AfanÇe—Diaeolve and intimate friends of the dead man reach a high latitude even if the Wind- sake of taking the beat oü everything peo. the calipash, and the fins These and criaP for several days by wrapping f* a jmL	! ^rnstarrh crowded about thr bier, lamenting, cry-
E=5™EE	s£~--- ¦= SEF^SSB 3S@g^
plorer. He will thus make himself «ant, sunny living-room with the hooka titular.	Cheese sandwiches are always in or-	_	wondered when the burial was to be.
partly independent of his steamer, for and	and music. Encourage 1 Jo this foundation is added, however, der to serve with salad. Grate cheese	*	We knew ,h ‘ cemetery was more than
JR E .8.... - —.. ; E	i	ABnp,c^UCHT- SSs
has planted and will extend further privileges at home is one fertile cause Dour, butter, parsley, a few small and I^PP^r and cut into strips.	11 nSo<m "*pe Oui the DHiturilon «r mantled, and various iiersona claimed
north may be replenished by such o1 tke temptation exerted by city life shallots, half a bottle of Madeira, the Coffee should be kept in air-tight	liny »u«| Sight.	. nn«l took away the articles which bad
r........... - - - —™ „„ pisp; gmmm =ehe=5
3tw> explorer has thus done a large An important point in the care of utiolh the Cock amt the Hainbow pride aroma.	entist, that it will wipe out the	‘1 h!,,!S' hr„,lffht
amount Of successful work both in ex- sheep is to see that the. flock is free LeTovne^mind r however	If cookin« fruit burns to the bottom lk?J“arcatiul‘s »t day and night.” He formation that the man whose funeral
‘«din* exploration and in furthering from ticks. If a little care is taken former hostelo .s by nJ means iden6 °f the kettle' do not atir- ^ut pour .he COntT‘nuea :	. we had attended had died an was bur-
the interests of his enterprise, which at shearing tune these pests can bel'ical with the tavern immortalized by top off quickly before the scorched Durkneaa ia one ot the forces of ie.d in New Orleans, La months before may keep him north for several years pretty well exterminated. About two '£nn>'aon. 1,1 b'a Will Waterproof. - taste pentrates the whole. Then put nature a8ainst which civilization 1., ;. % fnnertlo7nman who died
?	ES
done in the past yeai, handicapped as , sheep dip. lhun in auuut a week to fions.	removed without injuring the surface. °U lu,nan exei tion. Ihe time is com- f
be was by an unusually bad season and | leu days they should be dipped again Brides its chops, the Rainbow boasts It is only the laziest kind of a houst/ ing when darkness will be thoroughly by a serious accident that temporarily to kill any ticks that have been haich- sad?1	reaf11 Southdou ° ke6Per who wields that abomination- coniluered« an<1 tho ff^at cities flood-
crippled him. His results thus far j ed since ihu first dipping.	The old	which is wheeled up to the diner on 'a	tke feather (Mister. If only the Audu-	6<! f,um cn<1 to end with a light that
justify the hope that his further ef- «keep as well as the lambs	should be	little movable table, in order t hat that	bon Society could see its way clear to	make ever7 vocation of life as easy i
forts will be crowned by the rich ad- dipped the first time.	individual may be able lo direct the	utarting a crusade against that, good	uu<1 as practicable at one hour as an-1	In flight	the	body	is moved	forward
ditions to geographical knowledge Lick oi proper appliances for dipping	ui'iY'aml'Vlic"! he 'nw^ tii'uoie^'	' "Tmen and ame^^^ °Ver W°uM C'7	“th®r- fn |hia latilude ni»ht is u“- by	the	resistance	of	the	air	to	the
which this great explorer seeks to add ^ often the reason why it is nut uoue,	*	Tx*z,x_r>,;raa	. .	..	.	. doubteilly the best time to work -es- strokes of the wings
“ -	-t I?** ‘“•«‘S	-	—-—	Z	TS5 , .	. h , ,
£uuuu “« —»• -«I =««U.l ,«	SPANKING MACHINAS	Hk. puUl.utbl fog., through	»"l <NP»I>K U-re i, .Mo.l	, P«" cl ,1. pro»., Ihu. ..phuu.d
giving tue. sheep a good dipping: Take	WAtniflr,a.	gossip.	refreshing breeze, and as soon as dark- by M. Marey, the great authority on
oi muai y \ -shaped trough ten or	_	—	ness 'a abolished 1 he people will grad- all fo ms of an.mils locomotion: When
twelve feet in lengtu; board up the	11 "	*»*™*“<*« Wim llagulOeent KflTeel	- “ally and naturally reverse their hours thfl hird nOL vet io motivn the
,	,	sides, say, two feet h kü or bien	1,1,0	PrUou*.	, ^	_ of toil.	tùti bird 16 noL yel lD JUOUon#
scaler, lu «ermaay in Fined Fifteen enough to proven, a lanro from juiupn The sorrow attendant upon spunking Y0UR BLTSDANDS CLOTHES.	1 venture the prediction that noon *ir «truck by its wings first of all
^	w	for	*very »«*! O.e.	Dug uut.	i/lace ibai trough in such a	does not lie in the more act itself	There are many little things that	^GOwill see the streets of our great	presents a resistance due to	its	iner-
-t“«sï	»¦**k«. ««.. b., i.... humi.	•«->-•* » «taa......	sr.s:	“*¦ —lw- “—-	-
zation thev can keen wii hin ,h f r plUg tub' vvh‘ch may be a barrel or Nation of being chastised in that way home thdt no Wlfe shou,(1 consider it shades. Respectable folks will be
re ~	large tub at ihe lower end, close up, so	before one’ friends and acquaintances	unnecessary for her to know. One of	jbed and asleep, enjoying that delight-	tiU,'10i 1
man	border	U>c	1 .jO.OOO.UOO	marks, or	that the sides of Lire trough) will rest	a very trying humiliation which is	them' is thft care of men’s clothes	ful repose which we uow associate with	«peed, on the contrary, its wings are
E rHHEEP ! ^	= b^=L r;-F™: ^EHEHEE1 " 7 ~~T “
1	>	*	heJ	ta	e	fo,ule<1 a |in the dip one m.ndio, being careful	Dut	this	familiar form of punish-	f	lhe	]eg*	aud	mto	a	trouser-	time to rest. Then, when the wonder- fnE the initial resistance due to its
HU® not to allow ns head io go under, ihe	ment	for	prison an 1 reformatory	®tretche\	or	drawer.	They	should	£uI incandescents of the future blaze inertia. The sum of those resistances
..G,. r.b„.. cb,„.„z.	—, i-xiis,-.t:r,T,z.tr tr	s.rsrsttisisk,; %
tutely guaranteed. ibis system will tell when a lamb has been in a mm- £airly nought a miracle in the con- half; next fold the fronts carefullv	fresh masses of air continually pre-
f	timf* io customers and at ute. While iho lambs are standing in d«*ct of the inmates of these places. and last of all double the coat up	- -	,	aeniing themselves io its wings
sasr-sss
purchaser is entitled to receive fifteen it	,	.7, 7 “J°re WLedB tbaka Public spak.ng will give.	- he says nothing at all.
good ones without charge ; and the “ thd £arm £ltildfl« flf8t because of Ibis adoption of an old custom is	THE BABY AT NIGHT
products of the egg raiser who deliver- more liberal application of manure, ljut in the experimental stage as yet ed the bad egg to the depot are to and again because many neglect to tiOHS but ' here is every likelihood be^cluded therefrom for . stated | prevent weed, from growing m the j	Sf’SSSS S
spots where the early crops have been | ment for refractory prisoners of both removed, or among the latter maturing I 8eiLea-
crops after the, have grown ao that	“^“Com, ‘aV^he
Young Dr. Fresh—Here comes that I fie borfles canuot be used among paddles, two in number, do the work,
Mrs. Towler. Positively there isn't the them.	obtaining their force by means of a re-
first thing that ails her.	Not only should such places be kept rolving co*' whioh ** turned by a
tlw'nia» f^gh7rEr^0Uy	arejuStjUean all the season, allowing no weed |	^ ^ °* **
n Thai I nr-
Anm? Foetiiry.
¦ HH I	801116 friends and I chanced to at-
i little softly, bull do not take it up, I tend church in an Aramaic village
wd what Is most important, do not Damascus, a few Sundays ago. take a light into the room. The habit traveller. At the close of the of going to bed alone in a quiet 100m a bell began to toll, and wo were told is of inestimable value to both mother that u man had died. His funeral and child, especially if one or both are WH® about to take place. We joined of nervous teiiiiwraun nt. A child a group of citizens who were to go to uied to being rocked to m cep may not the funeral to offer sympathy to and
!i£:t %'% a,“,:îî «-* «'•» «»¦	.
On the way to the house of
navigation to learn that Mr. Peary was unable last year to force the Wmitwavd, carrying hie supplies, ne
er than 300 miles of the point he hoped lf yoxi are a farmer and you want to reach as hia winter quarters and yoiu	l
bise of operations for hia attack upon fl>.u h him from hia the Pole. The Greely relief vessel ,to r«*P*°t his father’s calling,
Protvue was crushed and sunk at the "sL‘1 1,1,0 bia mind *be fil0t- tbat
THB BOY AND THE FARM
near
says a
service
KITCHEN HELPS
A woman should have all the appH
a farmer after, you, .j earliest boyhood
In-
great men of all ages were sons of
south end of the channel in 1883. 6 me times the channel may be navigated with great difficulty as in 18/5 when it took Naves "s vessels twenty days to advance 230 miles from Cape Sabine to Lady Franklin Bay. Sometimes again the channel is comparatively free of ice—as in 1881 when Greely made the same journey in six days.
Teach him never to
mourn-more
over
similar
to ours, until our number increased,
the house
During the year his vessel was beset his sledge expeditions and he has again
was a group of about fifty women of all ages with costumes
'
no doubt that the large amount of accurate information Peary has col-
But he has done much more. The
far north is his goal, and with enorin-

even if she is unable to reach hia
y
past year
BIRD MOTION.
Thing* That lime Keen Fourni Ont by Ihe
Airship iMTiskin.
The reason
i
why the start is the mostv laborious
an
SURE OF FRESH EGGS.
low the wing, without affording any
When the bird is at full
by new columns of air, each one offer-
1
club for the purpose of developing home poultry business.

I
I
i
<
1
!
I
J’hn
1
I

i
* 1
è
»
c
r
J
a
I
F
v
PULL, BOYS, PULL 1
Wan av thane swingin doors wid Push on th ou Isolde an’ Pull on th* insoide remoind me av politics, ssld up again and rock it, says a writer, The annual meeting of the Trustees the janitor philosopher. Ye nade Push
This failing to quiet it. the mother of Shakespeare’s birthplace was held ttntU 7e f1.1	eB ,hUl i,er7-
would walk the floor or try the big the other da, at Stratford-on-Avon. th,ne le P°L
rocking chair until an hour or more The committee reported that during the
of the busy evening waa consumed, year more than 34,000 persona had paid before the child was quieted. This is tor admission to Shakespeare's house, ®° believe In the observance of
p
r
u
I have seen mothers put the baby to bed, then because# it fussed take it
t
t
A PAYING CONCERN
c
h
m
li
JUST THE PATIENT FOR HIM.
fl
h
HOW SOME MEN LIKE IT
D
11
me
a


###PAGE###7###
r !
9

r
f It consists of . curved flat piece of mo-|	mrm DPtllT’DlPTI	DTTDtlT Afi I the	room wns	now light, or a* light
i	tal, holding a lead wire ou which is	lllij XilJulJ.XCvllliJ	DUlvUlJxiiUi	a* it could	from toe light that he
] fastened a nickel ball, fifteen milll-	jE,	carried, In a room piled up as this one
THIS SCIENTIST SAYS THAT HYP- «Ta^ed'frJm	to another! I DISCOVERED RANSACKING A HOUSE wLTlight '""	'
NOT ISM WILL SAVE THEM. i by bending the wire. The ball ia so plan-	AND HID IN A COFFIN.	"He came on Into the room, and
i	wm	mg sleepy, etc. 1 here is an imi-	the retired burglar, "but I saw a time
I	will deacul.e some recent expert-	tatmn of nature here, as when we feel	once when j was very	gllui to get jn-	and	I kept as still, about, as though l| ,
menu which show that in hypmoi ism Him>i-y our eyelids are heavy and we	. , rt { t bad been in a coffin to stay. He stood of one for each family.	civilized communities will be 100 years,
gpsHHbro: sw? n.™ - *•"	a	s % -c
aor Arthur McDonald, a noted by poo-, la ted from the outside world. It can ..poking «round once in a house that light, aa 1 saw it through the crack I of * band orJ ea^ le*> Wll4h a reason why human life ahould not be
E HrH he ss-sa ^HEHSHster: r:i :
M .	^,y’	i }*B ma> Huggost. His suggestions must know just how, because 1 wasn’t com- the better to scan the surroundings in root beer caused the death of Nels 8008 lv* ,u H gl*,llt)l rlge ,IUW b''°
k rrd	™ •«
orr.nl,ed a« -	i *'*' wi.th the Positive statement that get out of bed and stand up; and I the tight growing dimmer as he went,	, k .	...
^ipam/ed as a feature of the Exposi-^ repetition of his thievinge will un- imagined I could tell from his weight until it faded out altogether. He shut Ail ®ffort to ascertain the depth of where civilization and advancement in
non of lfcCO. He is a well known Amer-i doubtedly lead him to the penitentiary.	on	fjoor ancj bjs manner of getting	I he door behind him, so 1 was left	the famous Pitch Lake of Trinidad, has	science has had an opportunity to make
ican student and writer upon hypno- ierrible picture» of imprisonment may	Qn	hi(J feet jugt about hovv bi a	“loue again. I gave him time to get	been unsuccessful. At the sides of the	their effects felt
«™\z ib" r.,	£¦ s
and other European masters.	tive object to arouse tempi at ion. He wrior or front room or whatever you two 8t'reWfl hack just as I found ’em. .	.	* . . .	...	, which have been made in surgery and
-Fr	- dr
ieform have more weight and a deeper made so strong that he will grasp the	minute to search the house, and I	me that if the man had come to know	^lecj to fre6 itself of «orne of th«- mint	“ge “* tovvar<*	prophylactics	— that Is,
and more lasting effect upon the child object. The next step will be to tempt	guessed, or my	instinct told me, or	j.hat «nybody had	been in his coffin	by i,cking it o(t Blood-poisoninV re-	tbe abilit> to	prevent diseases
mind than during the waking state. {j'"!da<ft“ln: 1^king hold of lus something, that he'd make a thorough b‘A^wotidYt^ve^ed Tlna^Tut HUlted' and the ho,'se dled-	reaearchea that have been made In
When thus repeated they develop the lni(fW' Soon he ^iH resist without as-	job	of	it, and that he’d begin in the	I think he would. Anyhow, I set Pt hose	A despicable wretch, employed as a	chemistry with the microscope make it
faculty of concentration and correct sistance. Then will be added sugges-	cellar.	And presently I saw him,	screws partly in ns they were, and I	watchman in a Chicago livery stable,	possible to tell many weeks in advance
svil instincts, in vicious, unruly and tions of how easy it is to resist.	| through a crack in the door of the | the coffin just as 1 found it. cut off (.he tails of forty horses in the character of certain diseases that
. - _ -, -.. _ Èfm! mmmmm p§=
rxiooua against the use of hypnotism readily than in the waking state. Or in	hair pretty well	mixed with gray as I	through the cellar	window!	of Owiugeville, Ky. Della May, aged	of th'' ^LienL	ruufl dowo	and
in the education of normal, healthy, aac“ tt case the hypnologist may po«t-	could easily see	by the light he car-	"That was years	and years ago, and	three years, weighs 180 pounds ; and	disease develops
that ^nh ÜS*ih h"	attempt o a e ried, but still a man in the prime of f suppose (he old coffin has long since Willie, aged four, weighs 210 pounds, are killed or removed the patient goes
employment in reforming bad, vicious you your arm will h%oma paralyzed, strength and perfectly resolute and ^“e°th? s^vvart Wgrav-haired the oUier	W%lghQ<i 8 poqi,lds and on livin« wiLh renewed healih until
and sulky ones. It ia not alway. well Now try to take It.' The result will be fearless; and just as I expected he man ib>t ewung his Ught’ uround over A recen. government census of Indi. ti°'Ue deiltt‘-dealiujf agency ends hi. for the normal child’s mind to be made J temporary paralysis, when the ef- made straight for the cellar first; he it, ns 1 lav in it, that night in the . .	. , ,
KîEsBEv-H
when actual kleptomania is later at- titiUIN AT TUB BECilNNING.	INSANE MAN CURED.	twees five and nine years of age who 1 tove found in lbe iu“«a indication.
ed for IZffroTthe tn‘v olu n U ry“ ha bit' from gmng ” u^by the'cIlW window <»,.rn„,.n .r Trr^-g ,>rr»„„ed o.	^ Ï“	^ “7‘ff ^ ‘
of putting her peint brushes between that I'd come in by. and I didn't dare	%“,,r"ever' " <•	I A ,ltal bed 18 Pmnl<id out to vlslt- b ,nd tbeir treatment and effected a
her lipe to point them. The result was lead poisoning. No advice, no effort of ....	. ,
her will, could break the habit. She whlle he was in the cellar for I could* know of cases of kleptomania, iy-| submitted to hypnotism. The, operator n't tell, absolutely, how difficult they lug, oiting	of the finger nails, coward-	faid\ * Y?u can no	longer ^ J°ur	miKht	turn out to	be, or how	much
ice, fear of the dark indeed, of many	try to do so your arm	will become para-
other bad	habits, having lately been	lyzed for the time being.* She was cun-	nol8C *	might	make	It would be	risky
Such	od of the habit."	on the	floor	I was	on, and then I
couldn’t tell what room he would come
AVERAGE LIFE 100 TEARS
BAD BOYS CAB BE CORED
ITEMS OF INTEREST.
A Few I'.!rn2rnpits Whleli Will be Pound
Well W »rlla Handing.
The eye# of 1,005 school children , Twenty-five per cent, of the men
wiio seek admission as recruits in Uie | B# Bucks Ills wini< meist Wrlib IpptrWtl/
CiiHid Logie Improved InbIUo <«ii* dlllon» and hurcrn Im PreveaSlag IMs-4'Mite I be tlaln Parlors.
SO SAYS OUR EMINENT AUTHORITY ON HYGIENIC LAWS.
English army are rejected on account of physical disability.
A great bicycle town Is Warren,H Pa. I„ . population of 10,000 there ore I "l belieVti ,be titoe ia coming when 1.480 bicycles, representing an average . the average age of huma» beings in
CLOSE BESIDE TUB COFFIN
national congress of hypnotists, being
general run of mankind in countries
The
obstinate children, incapable of the least attention and of the least application.
POWER OK INHIBITION
the
When the germ»
children as there are reasons for its
life
susceptible to 'the domination of another mind, but in the case of the abnormal child hypnotism should be resorted to when other reforms have failed, and then should be applied only under the dinotion of a competent physician.
i •
Captain J. S. Doherty, a rugged sea-1 ora in an engine-bony* in Macon, Ua. | cure by depositing lime or chalk in
That put an end
try the front door or the back door
man, bO years of age, was a few days Four men died soon after occupiug it, the diseased spot
ago the subject of an unique opera-1 and one of its latest occupants de- I to consumption in the men’s bodies.
clares that the gh oat of one of the dead firemen laid his icy hand upon him, and he believes thaï he is soon
BAD HABITS CURED

tion for insanity, at Vancouver. As a result he is back at work again, all the symptoms of his affliction having dis-1 to join him appeared, three years ago Doherty
The building up of a diseased lung
with chalk is nature’s way of bringing
about a cure. If man knew as much
In twenty-eight days not a scrap of | nature does we could prolong, li e
without difficulty.
work dodging him from room to room
cured by hypnotic suggestion cases have demonstrated that it is even
was sent to the asylum as dangerously| food or nourishment of any kind pass-
üsisiwkaBi
intellectually, the greater the chunce centration would become complete. This tie me, such an everlasting sight, eith-1 | ^ thick Wb^n of the suggestions and ideas affecting| treatment was repeated once a week er.	rirfectlv sane
him. In children, a suggestibility. for three months, when permanent curej	IT WAS A BIG COFFIN.	^ere to enquire about a piece of work
wswn
™.— « .. hn» pi	r: es ssrïï siÆi" pLr“-
national Congress of Uypnology.	m.m is This	been able to cipher it out in my own	?-
tH'%enU air «<7 « here. The doc- The native inhabitant, of the Mala, mind ^menjo ^but^no doubt	T0 CAUSE OF CHARITY.
în'hTe^wtte^/fice^as m«'jst ôFbe| ^bw^fLT'own^ountry ‘never" w-1 hard-headed man he wan, too; though patiente would meanwhile hypnotize mk tbeir hair to be out. The hair ; doesn’t
thZ&i	p]	:-t:v,tgtho;,oYj%me:
ferent ages and both sexes, who had of tho Latookas, one of the African woul(J be ^ the safest place I could been looking intently at hypnotic mir- tribeg never cut their hair, but, al- get to in that house; for I didn’t before or similar contrivances, and most ,owing it to grow, weave it into most ueve anybody'd look inside the coffin, of them were already asleep. I he tact	wonderfui shapes. The thick, crisp	The lid was in place, with	screws in all
that Berillon had hypnotized them in	wool ia woven with fine twine made	the screwholes, but all but	two of them	„	.
this room many times before with the	from tbe 0f a tree until it repre-	just stuck loosely into the	holes in the	U8e-	The	distillery	itself	is a	con-
aid of these same Instruments, i he fact	^g^g a network of felt. As the hair	Bd ; those two, one on	one side up	siderable distance from the monastery,
that he bad arrived, and their• confid- rows |t ja subjected to the same pro- where the coffin narrowed down at but it stands on land belonging to the •ice that he could hypnotize • 1m m «•“ ceag and trained into the sha^ of a the head, and the other on the other soon as toe came, served in most cases helmet< a rim about two inches deep aide, half way down the narrowing as sufficient to induce the hypnotic .g formed, and the front part of this| and toward the foot of the coffin, state. But in the beginning such in- ^air helmet is protected by a piece of were screwed partly down into place duotion ia not so easy and sometimes ^shed copper, while a piece of tbs —enough to hold the lid on securely, many seances are necessary before sub-	metal, shaped like the half of a	had a screw driver in my bag, of
Jects can be influenced in the least. Bishop’s mitre, and about one foot in course, and I had those screws out,
I have here a hypnotic mirror, ieDg, h, forms the crest. The helmet such as JBerillon'e subjects were using. |g then adorned with numerous vari-It consists of two revolving ebony coiored beads, pieces about eight inches long, one inch wide and a quarter of an inch thick, each studded with seven circular mir-When clockwork inside is wound,
LYING HABIT CURED
DISEASE MaY BE PREVENTED.
"Ihere can be no doubt that in time
The opera- ed the lips of Milton Rath bun, of
powers.
slake it, and alter pouring hut water covered in tune in the form of an anli-
ln J toxin that Will dee troy the pueuinoc-
the d'sease. Con-
is to test the naturaj suggestibility ef the phild. In a new instrument de-
uf
vised for such tests a piece of wire is ¦o placed that the hand of the subject can readily grasp it. Electricity is admitted to the wire by a switchboard, so constructed that the movement of
The forward movement in
"Every man who does not take at least eight hours of sleep out of every lion of old pianos in the Roman mus- 04 hours is robbing himself of just that
eum at Uildesheim, Germany. Dating | much vital energy. I be men who in all the way from the end of the sev- the future will live to be 1U0 years will
•-	is?J5
habits in a very instructive way l^c|burn the candle at both ends, because primitive origin of piano manufacture, nature will not permit him to do it.” and gives one an idea of the simple , In speaking of the increased long-instruments used by our greatest : evity of mankind during the present music composers. The oldest instru-1 day as compared with 25 years ago ment on exhibition is a small clavi- the actuary of one of the largest and chord of the seventeenth century, pos- best-known life insurance companies sessing 34 tones with 28 two-choral ! in the world said to me: bound strings. Another of equal, "There can be no doubt that people antiquarian value has four full octaves live to a greater age now than was the —a ent-chord Italian spinet, built at case a quarter of a century ago. This an angle and possessing a rich and j is largely due to the discoveries of beautiful tone for singing accompetn-jscience and the better care which ma»
The strings are rifted with ; takes of himself now than formerly.
Both instru- , He surrounds himself with more cem-
There is a very interesting collec-
iil was abnormal-covered he was his first words
1
ment
pointed crow quills.
meats date from the time of Handel, |forts; he hae better food, and with the Bach and Gluck
A IMstlllery In Fraere Whose l*r«t*fs Are IMvoiril le Thai Perpose. *
The poor receive all the profits of one of the most famous distilleries in the world—that which is connected with the Monastery of St. Bruno, in the Department of Dauphine, which is better known as La Grande Chartre-
being hard-headed, I have observed,
mean that a man has no
Une instrument was sanitary laws which are in existence made in the first half of the eigh-j there is good reason why men should leentli century, and is a bound clavi-1 attain greater age than formerly, chord of four and one half octaves, 58; “it is also a fact that there has been tones and 40 strings. i here is also a great decrease in the rate of rnortal-an instrument from the second half I j^y among children during late years, of the last century which possesses Uue unquestionably to five and one fourth octaves. 1 he last medical knowledge in the treatment of two are supplied with strings tipped j diseases to which children are sub-with brass, and their immediate foi-1 ject, such as diphtheria, measles, etc. lowers were the hammer pianos of | Improved sanitary conditions are also 17ti0, used at the time Haydn, Mozart j one 0f tbe chief causes in the decrease and Beethoven, and even by Mendels- ' 0f the death rate among children." although the French Govern- sobn, Bartholdy, Chopin and Franz
The monks Liszt during their youth.	?
the advanced
order
ment has a claim over it of St. Brun, although they are sworn to poverty, have control of an industry
which produces about $ 150,000 a year	CHECKMATED	Dick—How neat lom always is! His
profit. Of this one third goes as a	*	linen always looks as it had just come
contribution to	the fund known as	They were speaking ot the	new-wo-	out of the	drawer. And yet I am told
Peter’s Pence.	Another portion is de-	m.m movement.	that Tom can't get the money together
voted to the maintenance of hospitals, If a girl proposed to you. she said, to pay his laundry bill, and the remainder is devoted to sub- you wouldn’t dare refuse her.	Jack—That's the reason he can put
sidizing poor	churches throughout	If a girl had the nerve and the deter-	on a clean	collar every day. Ha could-
France, and to	the personal relief of	m nation to make a proposal,	he repli-	n’t doit if	he had to pay for his wash-
poor applicants without distinction of ed I wouldn’t dam marry her. church or creed. It is interesting to In view of the ci rium.it a ness eke de note that those who have control of cided to wait for him te speak first this lucrative business, are expressly forbidden by their vowq to carry on a trade which could result in a profit to ......	,	...	.	_	_____.themselves. Many attempts have
fwt l dldrt ez^ct	“me to tfcet !	*R^*hiU^bî!t	exhibited b/ £la.Dte.	“¦ JUr™« ‘ dry
room at all, but he	did. He opened, ftU hRVe	failed| because the heads of	reason, a bucket of	water be placed
the door end came in, carrying 1ms lhe order consider that they are not near a growing pumpkin or melon, in I Leghorn.	- .
light. Of course,,!	con Id n t see him, ju9tified	in selling the business to a	the course of a few	days it will turn	Why,	certainly, to	be	sure,	exclaim
but I could hear him, and through the #irm (bat would make a personal nro-	from its course, and	get at »*aat one	ed	the city	girl.	How	stupid	of	me I	I
slight crack between the lid of the cof-j .	.	I 0f its leaves in the water.	I can see the horns on hi# ankles,
fin and the body of it I could see that J	1
HOW HE CAN) AFFORD IT.
and the lid off, in a minute, and then I got in with my bag and my lamp, and Jay down in it. He was a bigger man than I was and I found plenty of room. I drew the cover over me and trued it 'round the edge as near as I could, so that it would look all right.
•crews sticking in the cover; they were of a uniform height, now with the re<, hut there waa mo break in
STRANGE OBSTINACY.
It’s funny how things work, remarked the fluent man. I have tried everything for insomnia Without the least relief. And the other evening I merely mentioned a few of the expedients I had tried, and every man in the room was fast asleep before I got half through. .
ing
the mirrors revolve in opposite directions. Some subjects are peculiarly susceptible to their dazzling effect. If a hypnotic mirror be placed in front of sack of several persons some may fall Into a hypnotic state without the aid of a hypnologist, especially those who have been hvonotized before. Others
Of course I'd left those two
SAW HER MISTAKE AT ONCE, nel e Re u e
Something like intelligence is often | lad? who was spending a few jri ¦	-	with country relatives, ie that chick-
en by the gate a Brahma f No, replied the old fermer, he’s a
INTELLIGENCE IN MELONS
the rows.
those who have been hypnotized before. Others may be so affected as to be quickly hypnotized.
UNDOUBTEDLY.
The Son—Pa, what is s "leal sort r
The Sire—A summer one.
AIDS TO HYPNOLOGISTS
" Another mechanical aid to the hyp-aologia' ia known a# the hypnotic ball.
###PAGE###8###
r
Smilvy. Knitted cotton coverlet, 1. Mi**
A Richard* NN'hitv i|uiltvd <|uilt, 1. Mi*; (\ timlmm; ‘J, Maggie Corrigan Macliiiit
ivnnn Armstrong 11 tml new
Kasl) is Kiqg.1
R
sowing, l
mg, 1, Mis Wivgnmnlt; LÎ, Mi** Mnrv 1>ihMk; 3, Mrs Tit Drtmvr. Plain *r\\
I
ing, gill uniler 14 years, l, Miss Xnn strong; Miss Uari»ci;o, MissCutlihert anil. Shirt, hand made, t. Mi** Kllmtt
Miss Klliott
DON’T.
I
V*
Shirt, luadline made, I Man's flannel shirt, 1, Mrs \\ I Mi Jaa Hodgin*, si Hynes. Specimen darning mi 1, Mrs \V Umber; L\ Mr* «lames 11
Mrs L> Smith
( )OlK‘Oi)OOOOOOlH
HUH )
I
i
MV TKliMS
1H>\ 1" iungitie U'causc your friend got a nice Suit from u* that it wa* the only nie** pioee we had. We have dozens.
DON'T think that wc eannot sell goods of the suin' quality as eheap ns am other merchant tailor, as that would he a grave mb take.
DON V ^eiid your money away when it is
at home and you make nothing by it. Our suit* are equal to eity imule.
DON T imagine lay and < lo*i here at the \ publie.
DON T think that we are going hunting hy aud h\ and would like you t now while luisinevs can he*done uiidet our personal supervision.
Il
M
i
O
\iiv:
O
O
I
t » STRICTLY V XSÏI
gins, si
knitted, I, M iss t ' < imlmin
Vmiio Richard*
t»
We have just received a large lot of genuine Oil tanned Moccasins
L> Mis* M
o
( i
( >000
»(>
U
fciliott :
knitted,
Richard
1, Miss t* < tv.ilian
Mi . <
.vint. I, Mi * \ K
\
hvritiv: vlosvly to this rule it et !»* watch and
H\
I
l!\
1
k rvpaii ervthing in line .
ted
t
1
* .n
t
x
Miss .1 Vnnsh'ong: .1.
Law, cotton, vvi»chvt, Ï, An
M
«
that this store is open tu d lo-niiii row, as we an t our friends, t In
I
HOCK BOTTOM PRICES.
M
J, Mrs O'Meara
OrmunentnJ needlework, honorai thaï. Mrs M Ivlroy Wool i t. Mrs OMuai cotton. 1, M iss M Ell
Richards; 8, Miss Davis ; silk. 1. Miss A Kivlvo 11 origins hroidcn, 1, Mis Elliott
j Miss .1 A mist run < hi plush, 1, Mrs 11 Harnett ;
Hodgins; 8, Miss A Richard ton, 1, Miss A Richards Mathvson; d, Miss M Elliott cry, chain stitch, 1, Mrs
Mrs ! I Barnett
Waddingtidy, I. Mrs R Elliott; 2, Mrs. Two owes, 1, .1. Brownlee; 2, E. Brown-1 (Olonrn; 8, Mrs H Barnett. Drawing
Miss
t
I
9
11
1 (Nil Richards
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
\n
I
Hair-lined,
Skowhegan,
Ayer’s,
nit
\
Ouï» goods are guaranteed a $*s worth tor a $ every time........
Km I
Ivi \
/
: : 2, Mi
Mrs H I ivnvtt Ixoi
V
A. rç. McGUIRE - - - THE TAILOR.
Ml i l,i
X 1% ii liai (Is; 2, Miss M ( >11 <al ill, 1, Miss N llodgilis;
i. Miss (
GOODWYN f
I
«
•J. Miss N
i
-The Watchmaker--ARNPRIOR, .. .. ONT.
Oil
L\ Mrs. II . Kmhruid < > Mv.ua ; L‘
!..

Miss Nina Hudgins
Shawville Exhibition.
List of Prize-Winners.
room screen, 1, Mrs R Elliott; 2 M. Elliott Arrnsvne work, I, Miss M Elliott; 2, Miss N Hudgins; 8, Miss t El- Graham. Rihhunsvitu work, I, Mrs 11 , Harnett; 2, Mrs II McCreadie; 8, Miss .1 Armstrong. Outlining, display ! T. Wainman; 2. Mrs O'Meara photo frame, 1, Miss M Elliott;
| A Richards; 8, Mrs O'Meara. Fancy I braiding un cotton, 1, Mrs H McOcadiv; tirade Aged sow, 1, R. Hobbs; 2, J. ! 2, Mrs George Hynes; 8, Mrs 11. Harnett. M. Hudgins; 8, Alex Heart.	j Darned netting, 1, Mrs .1 llodgins, si ; 2,
Siw of season, 1, Wm. Graham* 2. A. I Mrs. Til Draper; 8, Miss V Graham.
Spatter work, 1, Miss M Corrigan; 2, Mrs T B Draper. Stitches on silk, 1, \. Miss A Richards; 5, Miss M Corrigan; 2, Miss ,1. Armstrong. Hairpin work, Sow of season, 1, K. Brownlee; 2, .1. | Airs T H Draper, 2 Miss N Hudgins Brownlee
Hoar of season, 1, K. Brownlee, 2, S. [O’Meara, 2 Mrs N McLcllan
George dynes. Table cover, 1 Mias \ Yorkshire, Aged boar, H. B. Hodgins. I Richards, 2 Mrs H Harnett, 8 Miss X - Boar of Season, 1, R. J. Wilson; 2, Ed. | Hudgins * Steele; 8, John Armstrong
! Sow of season, 1, E. Steele: 2, Thus. I shawl, 1 Mrs H. Harnett
lei ; 8, 11. A. Brownlee.
Two ewes, one shear, 1, J. Brownlee Hen of sheep, J. Brownlee.
Oxford Downs, aged mm, J. (i
The Best Makes in Canada.
OTTAWA KATINE AD Rï
CHANGE OFTIME

Summer time card as below will hike effect May 15th. 1899.
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.....5.-0 p.m
Train Arrive Ottawa.....9.00 a m
No. :» Train Leave Ottawa....S.eo a.m
No. 4 Train Arrive Ottawa ...6.45 p.m. I Campbells’ I>;iv
R SRI:	»*.««P„n. wd nyd,
Train Leave Ottawa......9.8v a.m. stallion, 8 years—1. Win. lllakvlv.
pm „Man; amlf.,.1, 1 Th„s. !t,i d; 2. I»
Nos. 3 and 4 daily except Saturday and | Ixussvll; 8, lnos. McDowell.
Sunday.
Nos5 and 6 Saturday only.
Nos. 7 and 8 Sunday only.
For tickets and further information apply to E. C. Arno dl, Ticket Agent. 91 Spark St., or 31 Central Chambers, Ottawa.
P. W RESSEMAN,
tieiPl Sup’t.
Ram lamb, .las Armstrong.
Two ewes, .las. Armstrong.
Dorset horn, ram lamb, .las. Sleek
swine.
1, Mrs
HOUSES
Fan VN 2. Mist
.Fudges A. McLean, Kurd ley; .Fames Tubman, Thorne; and John Thompson,
We have also a full stock
NO
of
No
RUBBERS, OVERSHOES,
Gums, &c.
It van: .8. H. T. McDowell
Stud cult, tu v years, 1, < >. Cuthbert son ; 2, H. V. Hudgins: .8, .1. A. Telford.
Colt, two years, 1, Tracey Bros. ; 2 das. Jamieson.
Colt, one year, 1, Thus. Sally ; 2, Tlieo Hodgins.
General purpose, span in harness, 1 Sam. Horner; 2, George Graham; .8, B Mulligan.
Mare and foal, l, A McKnight; 2 Barber ; .8, Jas. Steele.
Berkshire, Aged boar, A. Dean. Aged sow, 1, Kd. Brownlee; 2, H *” ; Brownlee; ,8, A. Bean.
1
3
Mrs H Barnett. Table doylies, 1 Mrs
\ Mrs
Barber
Pontiac Pacific Jonction By.
Bed set, 1 Miss M Dodds, 2 Miss C Graham. Km broidery, infant's
Tea cozy, 1 Miss A Richards. 2 Miss M Elliott. .8
The public are aware that the prices of both Moccasins and Rubbers are considerably higher than last year ; but we have marked them as low as we possibly can.
O
Stud volt, 2 years. 1, Tracey Bros Ed. Hudgins; .8, Robert Lucas.
Colt, two years, 1, Jus Jamieson; 2. 9.2Î | W. C. Belcher; .8, Ed. Horner.
R ,k , Colt, one year, 1, XV. (’. Belcher; 2, J. 8."5o |G. Elliott; .8, Hugh Horner.
Carriage or roadster class, stallion standard bred, three years, Alex. Nich-8.Ô8 I oison.
Official Time Table :
Mvl>,.well

Chester white, aged boar, 1, XX . G. Mrs O’Meara. Sideboard seart, 1 Mrs H McDowell; 2, S. Wilson; 8, John Hod- [ Barnett, 2 Mrs T B Draper, 8 Mrs
George Hynes. Embroidery on ribbons,
Boar of season, 1, H. T. McDowell; 2. |1 Mrs 11 Mathesoti, 2 Mrs 11 Barnett, 8
Miss A Richards. Embroidery on drawn Xged sow, 1, H. T. McDowell; 2, Jno. | threads, 1 Miss A Richards, 2 Miss X
Hodgins, 3 Mrs V B Draper. Embroidered table center, 1 Mrs < TMeara, 2 Miss
AM
P.M
45 Leave
Aylmer tBrevken ridge f Hard ley Parker’s Crossing t* Mohrs Quyon Wyman's (Tank Bristol McKee’s Shawville Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank t * Vinton Cou longe ‘Mellon's Waltham
Arrive 9 45
6 0v>
gins
6.12
9.06
• 4
6.18
44
6.26
A. Elliott
• 6
6.37
8.41
6.47
S 22
«•
E. HODGINS & SON.
6.56
II
8.14
Hodgins.
Sow of season, 1, A. Elliott; 2, NV. G McDowell.
Poland China, Aged Boar, J. C. Arm strong.
Aged sow, 1, J. Brownlee, 2, E. Brown
6.56
7.04
8 o:
Coach stallion, John McVeigh.
Span, carriage, 15 1-2 hands, 1, L. A 21S I Smart; 2, ,1. B. Armstrong; .8, Clins. Me
¦ I Lean.
Elliott, .8, Miss A Richards. Piano or easel scarf, 1 Mrs L Wicgauiult. Handkerchief or glove box, 1 Mrs 11 Barnett,
2 Mrs O’Meara. Glass Glove case, 1
Mrs. James McArthur. Glass jewel cuse, ,nder, 2 R W Ralph, 3 W A Armstrong. 2 A Armstrong, 3 A Bean 1 Mrs George Hynes, 2, Mrs H Barnett. White bantams, 1 Wm Little.	Seed onions, 1 John Young, 2 Jas Wil-
Sofa pillow, 1 Mrs It Elliott 2 Mrs Brown bantams, 1 L D Davis, 2 W son, 3 A Bean.
OMearn, 3 Mrs H Barnett. Toilet cush- Little
ion, 1 Mrs O’Meara, 2 Mrs it Elliott, 3 Iî irred Plymouth Rock., 1, J M Hod- | Dowell Miss M Corrigan. 1 atting, 1 Miss M gins, 2 Dr Alexander, 3 John R.bitaille.
Elliott, 2 Mrs George Hynes. 3 Mias M Barred Plymouth Rocks, 1 Dr. Alex-Dodds. Crochet on silk, 1 Mrs N Me- ander, 2 It Mitchell, 3 T Wainnian.
Lellan. Wool wreath, 1 Miss A White Rocks, 1 J M Hudgins, 2 JC Prendergaat, 2 Mrs P Dumas, 8 Miss .1 Armstrong.
Armstrong. Table mats, embroidered. White It >cks, chickens, 1 J M Hod-1 Miss J Armstrong, 2 Mrs O'Meara, gins, 2 VV A Armstrong Crazy work, 1 Miss X Hudgins, 2 Miss It (J .lden Wyandotte», 1 J M Hodgins.
Dale, 3 Miss J Armstrong. Fancy lamp Golden Wyandotte», chickens, 1 J M Dowell, mats, 1 Mrs George Hynes, 2 Mrs T B Hodgins.
Draper, 3 Mrs Joseph Fitzsimmons. Buff Cochin, 1 Dr Alexander, 2 Jas Samuel Horner.
Toilet sets, 1 Miss M McFarlane, 2 Hodgins, 3 James Wilson.
Miss X Hodgins, 3 Miss C Graham. Buff Cichin chickens, 1 Dr. Alexan- W A Armstrong
Paper riowers, 1 Miss A Prendergaat, 2 der, 2 It W Ralph, 3 J \l Hodgins.	Drumhead cabbage, 1 W G McDowell,
Mrs. Jew. Fitzsimmons, 3 Miss M Cor- Andalusians, 1 Thus. Macfarlane.	2 S Horner.
rigan. Wild moss, ornamental, 1 Mrs T Andalusians, chickens, 1 Thus Macfar Specimen of grapes, 1 L Wiegaundt, 2 B Draper, 2 Miss G Davis. Tidy croch- lane, 2 W A Armstrong.	Annie Richards, 3 John Young,
et, 1, Miss N Hodgins, 2 Miss C Graham,	Silver laced Wyandotte», 1 Dr Alexin
Dairy—Judges—P. Coyne, Portage du g1™. 3 Mrs M A Hodgins. Lambrequin,	White Wyandotte», chicken., 1 J M
Fort : and M r Standish, Government In- 1 M,ss A Richards. Display of ladies or- Hodgins.	, , „	„
spector	namental work, 1 Mrs H Barnett, 2 Mrs , B ack Minorca®, 1 Dr Alexander.	Boy’s copy book. 1 Master Hugh Me-
:EB™ : ::	i ££ 1 ei5S5 :	e
' b-V3: j. ».iiT	j" EâCf“VouS	1 - lk“"d"'
* iiott. Pencil drawing, 1 Mr*R G Elliott,2 I Game fowl, 1 Dr Alexander.	Boots—men’s fine calf, sewed and lacel,
MrsN McLean,8Mre.1 H Hughes. Cray |	Lingshan?, chickens, 1	Dr	Alexander,	L	J H Johnston, 2C McColgan.
on drawing, 1 Mrs R G Elliott, 2 Mias M 2 W A Armstrong.	Pair kipp, peg boots, 1 C McColgan,	2
Elliott, o Miss M Corrigan. 0:1 paint- |	Heaviest pair of fowl, 1	Dr	Alexander.	^	H Johnston
portrait, 1 Mrs R (* Elliott. Gil j	Highest scoring fowl, Brown Leghorns,	Pair cowhide, pegged, long boots,	0
painting, scenery in county, 1, Miss E l Dr Alexander.	McColgan.
LeR ty, 2 Mrs R G Elliott, 3 Miss M Elliott. Oil painting, any subject, 1 Mrs
7.26
7.52
7.31
7.45
8.00
a os
8.12
Span roadsters 14 1-2 hands, 1. R. \V Leave iÜc I •<all'h:-• (i- F- H.xlgins; 3, M. J. Gil.
I bons.
•Flag Station. tTank. t'Flag Station.
8.30
46
t;.5j
lev
8.47
Boar of season, 1, J. Brownlee.
Sow of season, 1, E. Brownlee; 2, .1 Brownlee.
8.55 Arrive
Mare and foal, 1, Ed. Hudgins; 2, I>
Top onions, 1 M LeRoy, 2 John Me-
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway I Smith; .8, Dale Bros.
Stud colt, 2 ) cars, \V. Blakely.
P. W. RESSEMAN,	I Colt, two years, 1, S. Barber: 2, J. H
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT | Hughes; .8, Jn<i Robitaillc.
Colt, one year, 1, Thus. Grant: 2. J M. Hodgins.
•Single carriage. 15 1-2 hands,
Kilgour; 2, \V. C. Leggett; .8 Eades.
i
at Aylmer
BREAD, ETX
Orange carrots, 1 A Bean.
White Belgium, long carrots, 1 W Belcher, 2 A Bean, 3 Hattie Campbell.
White Belgium, short carrots, 1 W E Hodgins, 2 W G McDowell, 3 A Bean.
turnips, Swede, purple top, 1 W H )r-ner, 2 Jas Wilson, 3 El Graham.
Swede turnips, yellow top, 1 W G Me-
Bread, home made loaf, 4 lbs, 1, X McLellan; 2, Jos Fitzsimmons; 3. H T McDowell; 4. Mrs H Barnett; 5, G Graham; il, Peter Dumas; 7, Jas Nicholson.
Bryson's special prize, 1. X McLellan; 2, T B Draper; 3, 11 McCreadie; 4, P Dumas.
Dowd’s special prize, 1, Wilder Davis: 2, H T McDowell; 3, N McLellan.
Display of home made pickles, 1, T B Draper; 2, James Wilson; 3, NX A Armstrong.
Honey, box in comb, 1, L, XViegaundt; 2, Wilder Davis; 3, XV. XV. Shirley.
Ten pounds, in glass, 1
2,	XV. Davis; 3; R. Lucas Display, 1, H Wiegaundt; 2, XX . Davis
3,	W W Slnrlvy.
1, Mrs Thus
Single roadster, 14 1-2 hands, 1. Jos. Amm, jr; 2, Mrs. DeZouchv; 3, G. M. Donaldson.
Saddle horse or mare, 15 hands, 1, Jas. Amm; 2, Thus. Prendurgast; 3, Dale Bros.
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT MAY 1st, 1899
Ox heart cabbage, 1 W G McDowell, 2
Dutch flat cabbage, 1 Jas Wilson, 2
NEWSSERVICE, MODERN EQUIPMENT
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 2 1-2 HOURS.
CATTI.E
L. XViegaumlt
Registered Durham hull, three years 1, Ed. Steele; 2. J. J. McVeigh; 3, J G. Elliott.
Bull, one year, 1, Thos McDowell. Heifer, 2 years, J. G. Elliott.
Heifer, one year, 1, Ed. Brownlee; 2, Thos. McDowell.
MISCELLANEOUS
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
DAIRY PRODUCE
ell
a 6.25 A.M,
Local	at	all in-
termediate stations. Ar-Vallevtleld, connects Co-
Display of apples, W A Armstrong
lives Montreal 9.50 a. in teau JVt. for Cornwall and points west
Heifer calf, 1, Thos. McDowell ; 2, Ed Limited- stops Alexan- I Steele: 3, E. Brownlee.
• andna only. Arrives
a 8.45 A.M
"b 8.45 A.M
Lo<al — for Rockland
•	and intermediate pts. Limited— Stops Alexan-
#	dria and Coteau Jet.
only. Arrives Montreal 6.50 p. m. Pullman parlor « ar attached. Connecta with trains for Quebec, Portland, Halifax and all points east of Montreal. For Valleytield and all pointa south of the 8t. Iaw-rence River. St, Allans, Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7 a. in., New York 7.20 a. m. Has through Wagner sleeping <nu\ Ottawa to New York.
Local—stops at intermedi-• ate stations. Arrive Montreal 9. 45 p.m. Connects at Coteau Jet. for Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman car to Montreal.
a 9.40 A.M a 4.20 P.M
Heifer, 2 years, Jas. Armstrong. Heifer, one year, Jas. Armstrong. Heifer calf, Jas. Armstrong.
Milch cow, J as. Armstrong.
Herd cattle, Jas. Armstrong.
Jerseys, Bull, two years, Jas. Richard
Bros.; 5, John McCorriston; <», 1). Smith Special Prize of Hon. George Bryson jr., 1, Peter Dumas; 2, John McDowell: 3, D. Duff; 4, Tracey Bros.
Cheese, Factory, 30 pounds ; 1, R. W. Hodgins; 2, M. Merklcy ; 3, W. J. Kennedy.
I Bryson’s prize, 1, R. XV. Hodgins; 2, o Wilfrid McKechnie
son
Net revenue from fowl, 1 Miss Dodds.
i.. -	u	o w » « I Liucks. other than Aylesbury, 1 Won
K (t Elliott, 12 Mr» G Hynes, 3 Miss M | Little, 2 John McCjrristcn, 3 Jas Wil-Macfarlane. XX ater color, painting, 1 80n,
Mr« R G Elliott, 2 MU» Cuthbemon. Aylesbury, 1 W A Armstrong.
Brownie,; 2,	^ ‘ ^	^
I E liott, 2 Miss E Leroy. 3 M et M Cor-
Fancy knitting in wool, 1,	Mrs O’Meara; I r,Kar’- Collection of house plants,	1	Mrs j Judge—T. H. Brownlee, Quyon.
o	| 2, Miss J Armstrong. Kensington, 1 IT B Draper.	j Fall wheat, 1, Thos McFarlane, 2 W
Annie Richards. F ancy knitting, in cot-	A Hodgins.
ton, 1, Miss C Graham; 2, Annie Rich-	poultry.	I Bearded wheat, 1 John McDowell, 2
arils ; 3, Mrs George Hynes. XV’oolen . , T , T	..	.	, H T McDowell.
socks, plain, 1, Miss C Graham; 2, Miss 'John Lvwson, Almonte; and. White Russian, 1 E Graham, 2 John J Armstrong; 3, Mrs. Wiegaundt. Mitts, j **** ** Cowley, Bristol.	Young, 3 R McDowell,
woolen, 1, Mrs Smith; 2, Mrs. A. Bean;	Pair geese, 1 Jas L Shaw, 2 W A Arm.	j Red Fife or Scotch, 1 John Young,	2
3, Miss M Elliott. Patchwork, quilt,	strong, 3 J C Armstrong.	! XV McKechnie, 3 A Bean.
c*'tr-»n, j, Mrs. N. McLean; 2, Mrs. I Bronze turkeys, 1 XV A Anmlrong, 2	White oats, 1 L Wiegaundt, 2 N Me
flftflWfl ArilUriflP %	Pflrrv	SflMlfl	RV	Sheep and Swine—Judges—John Stew-1 XViegaundt; 3, Mrs. if.	McCreadie. 'Y G McDowell 8 J C Armstrong.	Lellan, 3 A Beau.
Uliana mupwun a i ail j uuuuu HJ. Bryson; and D. Ballantyne, Bristol. Patchwork, quilt, woolen, 1, Mrs. P. | Turkeys, other than bronze, 1 J L	Common white peas, 1 D Duff, 2 Thos
Grade, two ewe lambs, 1, Ed. Brown-1 Dumas; 2, Miss C Graham; 3, Mrs J Fitz-	Shaw, 2 James XX ilson.	; Macfarlane, 3 A Bean,
lee; 2, A. McKnight; 3, H. T. McDow- j siimnons. Tufted cotton coverlet, 1, Miss 1	Fowl, Silver Brahmas, 1 Dr Alexander,	j Crown peas, 1 M Leroy.
J. Armstrong; 2, Maggie Corrigan ; 3, ] 2 II XV Rtlph.	Barley, 1 H T McDowell, 2 A Bean, 3 I Special prize—donated by Mr. W J
Two ewes, 1 shear, 1, H.T. McDowell ; | Mrs. T A Wain man. Home made cov- I	Silver Brahmas, chickens, loDr Alex-	Robt McDowell.	j	Poupore,	M	P,	for	best	matched	team
erlet,	crochet, 1,	Mrs A	Bean; 2, Mrs	ander,	2 J L Shaw.	White beans, 1 Jas Cuthbertson,	2	and outfit in county, driven by	owner,
F	-	.	R	,	F | Two	ewes,	1.	E.	Brownlee;	2,	A. Mc-1	E Hodgins; 3, Mrs Wilder	Davis. Log , Silver spangled Hamburg!, 1 Dr Alexan	John Young, 3 W A Armstrong.	1	L	A	Smart.
Pembroke,	via'p.5.	! Knight; 3, H. T.	McDowell.	cabin	quilt, wool,	1, Mrs XV C Legett; 2,	der.	Rye, 1 L Wiegaundt, 2 Win Little,	3	Special denoted by Mr. George	J Bry-
Rj% Barry's Bay, Madawaaka and intermediate pts. ! Pen of sheep, A. McKnight and E. Maggie Corrigan. Log cabin quilt, cot-I Hamburg*, chickens, 1 Dr. Alexan-; H T McDowell.	I son, jr, for the best team of roadsters,
rams arrive a	aw.i1 • n^ra	Pem-	Brownlee, equal.	ton, 1, Mrs. XV.	Russell;	2, Mrs Mary	der.	Buckwheat, 1 Robt McDowell, 2	S	owned by farmer and driven by	owner,
broke. Êganviiie,* Reu« Leicester, registered, Aged rain, year Dodds. Hank home made yarn, 1, Mrs. Bisck Spanish, 1 Dr Alexander, 2 J M Barber	1 won by R W Ralph.
r ^/kPrDaII/fUr"pr!>mCfCny%onnd	IVm.	old ram, ramb lamb,	two ewe lambs, two Hugh	MeCreadie;	2, Miss	Jennie Arm	Hodgins.	Flaxseed, 1 Mrs G Kilgour, 2 R J Wil- I Brabazon’s special for single roadster,
#)••>() 1 »M« broke, Egan vine, Renfrew 1 ewes, two ewes and one shear, pen of strong; 3, Mrs. XV. A. Hodgins. Fits r	Black Spanish, chickens, 1 J M Hod-	eon.	11	VV J	McCoehen,	2 Jas	Amm, jr,	3 John
Amprior and intermediate pointa.	! sheep, all won by A. Elliott.	mat, 1, Mrs. Win. Barlier; 2, Maggie gins, 2 Dr. Alexander.	!	Lester .
XX hue Leghorns, I Dr Alexander, 2	.	..	Dr. Alexander’s special for span of
eorgo John Groenshields.	Judge—Francis Wilson, Shawville. roadsters, 1 C Caldwell, 2 R W Ralph.
Hynes; 3, Miss C Graham. Plain flan- j White Leghorn chickens, 1 Dr Alex-	Turnip beets, 1 W G McDowell,	2 Jas	j Quite a number of exhibits in the
nel, 1, Mrs James Wilson; 2, Mrs. T ti an der, 2 W A Armstrong, 3 L D Davis.	Cuthbertson, 3 A Bean.	j ladies' department were taken away be-
Drapcr. Striped flannel, 1, Mrs Wie- Buff Leghorn chickens, 1 Dr Alexan-	j	Mangolds, 1 John McDowell, 2	Hugh	| fore being judged. One article, made by
gaunt!t Button Holes, 1, Mrs H Mc-1 der.	Ross, 3 A Bean,	Miss Kilroy, although not in any class ,
Oeadie; 2, Miss L J Smiley; 3, Miss A Brown Leghorn chickens, 1 Dr Alex-I Multiplying onions, 1 John McDowell, j received honorable mention
6.35 P.M
Holstein, Bull calf, Jos. Brownlee Heifer, two years, Ed. Brownlee. Heifer, one year, 1, Ed. Brownlee Jos Brownlee.
Heifer calf, 1, Ed. Brownlee; 2, H. A Brownie*.
Milch cow, 1, Ed Brownlee.
Grade Cattle, Milch cow, 1, Alex. El liott; 2, Art. Knox; 3, A if. Elliott.
Heifer, two years, 1, L. D. Davis; 2 J. G. Elliott; 3, J. L. Shaw.
Heifer, one year, 1, Win. Wilson ; 2. Jos. Brownlee; 3, Alex. Armstrong.
Heifer calf, I, Jas. L. Shaw; 2, J. G Elliott ; 3, Wm. Wilson.
SHEEP AND SWINE.
Harness—Carriage, doubla, 1 A Smiley, 2 George XValsh, 3 Jas Hodgins.
Carriage, single, 1 George Walsh, 2 A Smiley.
C »ar*e fine double, 1 A Smiley, 2 Geo. Walsh.
Lumber, A Smiley.
Farming implements and carriages, 1 Jas Grant, 2 A Bean.
Express wagon, 1 D Duff, 2 H Mc-Credie.
Single phaeton, 1 Thomas Prender-
LADIES DEPARTMENT
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot
Local—from • and intermediate Local—fmm New York,
Rockland points. Boston.
England and New York points, Montreal, leaving at 7 30 a. m. Stop at local stations. Has Wagner buffet car New York to Ottawa.
a T.45 A.M a 11.20 A.M.
SEEDS AND GRAINS
Limited — from Montreal and pts. Alexandria
. Limited—from Montreal a leaving 4.05 p. n.. Stops at Alexandria only. Has Pullman parlor car.
Dailv— Loral— from inter-
# mediate pointe, 1 irnwelL Kingston, Toronto and points west. Has Pullman parlor cai.
a 12.10 NOON
cast, leaving there at 9 40 a.in; Stops at only; Has Pullman parlor car.
a 6.35 P.M
gaat
Single buggy, 1 Robt McKenny, 2 Robt. McCred.e, 3 Wm Little.
Double driving sleigh, Thos Prender-
9.00 P.M
gast
Double cutter, Jae Hodgins.
Display of carriages, M J Gibbons.
Display of implements, 1 George H
McDowell.

TO AND FROM THE WEST (Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
I
i
ell
;
O AA A \r For Arnprior. Renfrew,
Oe””	kganvillc Pembroke, via ,	.
P. S. Ry., Berry's Bay, Whitney, Canoe Lake. | 2, A McKmght Parry Sound and intermediate points
1
4.25 P.M
* anville
l
10.30 A.M;
i
frew, Am
C
?i
sheep, all won by A. Elliott.
Shropshiie, aged ram, 1, Ed. Brown- Corrigan; 3, Minnie Elliott. Rag carpet 3; 2, Jos. Brownlee; 3, A. McKnight. L Mrs H Matheson: 2, Mrs tieorgt Year old ram, Jas. Wilson.
Ram lamb, 1, J. Brownlee; 2, Ed
b
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
v
lee; 2,
t
Central Depot Russell House Block
6
a
Ticket, to Europe and all parts of the world by all American and Canadian stean ship lines, also Cook's | Brownlee; 3, H. A. Brownlee lours
t
Two ewe lambs, 1, E. Brownlee; 2, J Brownlee,
li
a Trains ran daily except Sunday k Sunday only.
c
t
r
