###PAGE###1###








DTTY
@
No. 15.—19mi Year,
-SHAWVILLE, PON
C COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, OCT 3, 1901.
£1.00 a, .Yeah in Advance.
S3
£ ;
r*t
*• * —
Article* tfovNii —
BANK OF OTTAWA
• >'
Found and may bo had at thia office, a piece of I lue fancy work. Was on exhibition at the hall thia
LOCALS THAT PAY.
)
---	I . m1xvV	011-tan Moccasins Jm»t In.
Ail .No. Htmk, at Stewart's—the Slmw-
Founcl, on Main road Clarendon Front, |vj,lc Boot and Shoo Store.
a leather pocket hook containing a sum of .
money. Owner m»y recover the same Our cabinet» compte	""The
on proving property and paying ror this city, Ml. in price and finish, a trial sol notice.	* \UAUnL	H. Imison.
Coupon and Local Tickets to all parts
LIST OF PRIZE WINNERS! Riven. Ta T^j^%,w2ytd%
'et Agent, Arnprior, Ont.
Head OffWj .. Capital eutweribed « apital paid up ..
year.
OTTAWA, CANADA.
. .. SI,WH.006,
FUR GOODS.
OF CANADA.
• ê
1
hw.m.
Rest
Hoard vf Dindon :
Charles Magee, Ehq., Preside.it Georub Hay, esq.,Vico-President.
Hot. Guo. iinvHoM. Ja.
Alkx. Kuaskh, Ehq
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
- $6,000,000.
John Math rit, Khq.. » —, ,	¦ David Mac Lahèn, Ehq.,
Damna Mrapiir, E»q.
Head O Alice, - Montreal,
We are now opening up a large and complete range of Fur Goods, consisting of the newest and best goods in : : following lines : : :
QBOUGE BURN, D. M. FINN1E
General Munager .. Manager.
at Shawvlll© Exhibition,
If you want photos taken of your chi!-•w Ki n, advise you to take them early in | the day, I can give you better satisfue-tl0n* '	_ _ H. IMISON,
Brandie* • IN ONTARIO : Keewatm, Kempt*, lie,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
HOMES, CLASS I —DRAT.
SH AH VILLE BRANCH.
Money loaned on approved aecurity at I Watson, 1st.
Stallions other than purj bred.—Alex
Alexandria,
Amprtor,
Avomnore,
Bracebrtdge
Carle ton
Lanark,
Purnr Hound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, do Bank 8t. Renfrew Place, do Rideau 8t. Toronto, Hawkeabury, Vankleek Hill, Sudth's Falls.
IN MANITOBA:
Enlargements.—Think what you are 1	buying, who yon arc buying from, what
Span Horses in harness. -J U Elliott, you are oayingand what value you receive.
1st ; Dav (1 Smith, Aid; llngli Horner, 3rd Our work we guarantee or money refund-Mure and Foal.—Joseph Amin lit; . ..	complete framed por
Stewart Fulford, 2nd; Wm McJanet, 3rd.	1 he ht'st onl>- Sample# always
Two Year Old Stud Colt.- Simon Bar- 1	'	H* lMI80N‘
lier 1.	1
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
«lu
SAVINGS BANK.
Accour.*• opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Okkicr Hours f , lo am. to 3 p.m. Saturdays . . . 10 a m. to l p.m.
; F. A. PARKER,
Manager.
Dr Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, wifi Two Year Old Colt.— Joseph Amin 1, I *,e At ^0's°n the first week of each George Hazard 2, Thomas Reid 3. [month ; Campbell's Day the second ; Fort
One year old Colt.—John Story 1. Couhmge the third ; and Shawville the
fourth week.
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC:
,	Hull.
¦¦¦¦ Shawl nigan falls.
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicsgo-Bank of Montreal.
Agents in St. Paul-Mf rcbnnt* Nnt. Bank;
Agents in London, Eng.—Purr’s Bank Ltd.
Ladies’ Sacques, in Electric Seal, Coon, Astrachan. Capes, Caperines, Collars,
Ruffs, Caps and Muffs, in all the fashionable furs.
Montreal
Lftchute.
general use. ¦ ¦	¦ ¦¦¦	¦ ¦ ¦
, Btist mSw2S"	SBEESSs
Suan Horse* in harness.—Win. Cotie 1. quality in this section of the country. Will W 6 Belcher 2, John G Armstrong 3. be sold reasonable.
Mare and Foal—Alex Seaman 1, Geo	Apply to Alex. ELuany Sr.,
Graham 2, David Russell 3.	1	( ,arell(,on*
We have all kinds, sizes and shapes In I Two yeaJ	^ vit—John Joyce 1,
sponges—from the finest wool sponge to James Hodgins 2, James Grant 3. the coarse buggy sponge. See our win- Two year old Colt—John Caldwell 1,
The Drug Store.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Men’s Coats in Coon, Siberian Buffalo, Tasmanian Coon, Brown Dog, &c.
Sponges ranging in price from 5 cents to $2.o0, at the Drug Store, Shawville.
First class new single shot rifle for sale dow for them, at The Equity office.
, . , m. ,	. . c . Mr T J. McManus, of the Ottawa
,„TSttS.SiJSrtSffiStffiK -• f-i*t p* •—
on Tuesday, October 8th, and immediately A yllK° timing shedl with hall overhead,
afterwards a Thanksgiving Supper In the this summer, is making sundry improve- Span Coach Horses, 16 hands and up— |
Town Hall	mente to his ho*el, whereby aeoomadatiou Thomas Eudes 1, C Caldwell 2, John
Seve-al items of local interest are un- wil1 I'eciwlereably increased.	Belch-r 3
avoidably crowded out this week;	will	Merer». George Reeves & Co., of the	Loujf Dum-J 1°^’	‘
appear next issue.	Eganville Enterprise have bought out the	Coach Stallion-J J	McVeigh 1, John
The annual convention of the Protest- opposition paper The Star, and have Crawford 2. ant teachers of this Province will he held amalgamated the two under the name of	Carriage Horses, 151 hands and
in the Higli School building, Montreal, “ Star-Enterprise’1 The initial number up«t John B Armstrong 1, L A Smart 2. I relations, next week-October 10, 11 and 12. of the joint publication indicates that the Span Roadster Horses, 14* hands and
citizens of Bganville will lose nothing up_Sii/w You- g 1, David Smith 2, At-Thanksgivi' g day this year has been by the u al, if a good newsy paper on- thur Smiley 3. fixed for Thursday the 28th day of Nov-	ten into their consideration. We trust the	'wwwggmwggm
ember. This decision on the part t f	the	venture may p ovo a probable one foi
government pleases nob dy.	| Messrs. Reeves & Co.
Mrs. Woodley and Miss McEaohren,
Dressmakers.
Wesley Hodgins 2 G H Armstrong 3. Have you a fall suit to make t If so.
( hie year old Colt—Rout McDowell 1, | call and examine our work and get our Win Me Janet 2, Btewait Fulford 3.	| prices. Satisfaction guaranteed.
P. S.—Tailor-made costumes a specialty.
Robes in Grey and Black Goat, Rocky Bear, &c.
CARRIAGE AND ROAD8TKE.
PERSONAL.
Miss. Butler, of Ottawa, is visiting the Misses McGuire.
Our Furs are manufactured by the 1 leading makers in Canada, and we guarantee every article to be the best procurable at
: : the price. : :
AsK any of our customers about our Furs.
Mr. Richard Mitchell, wife and family were in Pembroke last week visiting
Mr. Joseph Ber,nett, of River Desert, visited Miss. Emma McEtchren, of this village last week.
Maro and Foal —.lames Wilson, 5th line, 1, Joseph Sly 2, Roliert J Wil son 3.
Aid. C. B and Mrs Taggart, of Ottawa,
______ were here on Saturday, attending the
Two year old Colt -Edward Hodgins | the fut eral of their niece, Miss M. Hod-1, Wm Graham 2, Janies D Horner 3.
One year old Colt—John Caldwell 1,
Miss Mildred Hodgins, eldest dmigh- Edward Cam 2, John Gruensluelds 3. ter of the late William B. Hodgins, <f ^	C^rag^ Horse^- John A Me-
fsmsm mmm mga
«t once.	demise-just, wo may say, on the tluos- nh*[ Armstrong 2, Jam Prcodergnst 3.
a&Safezs Ebeehse
came vacant a short time ago by the death diet cemetery hère on 8 .turdayf m pre v 4/00011	i *	1
of Charles Rice, who held it for 41 years scnce of a large concourse of sorrowing
relatives and sympathetic friends. «
The Radford Rifle Association held its third practice match on the range on Wednesday last. There was a pretty good attendance. The top sc re was made Mr. N. Browlee, of Radford
gins.
Death’s Doings.
Messrs. J. A. Me Ad am, Win. Clau-son and Fred A. Davis, Quyon, and Messrs. W. G. Le Roy, R. Me. Ritchie, Warren Campbell and Fred Cough in, Bryson, attended a regular monthly communication of Pontiac Lodge A. F. and A. M , on Friday evening last.
Ladies’ Cloth Jackets.
Have a look over Ladies’ Cloth Jackets. We are showing a range of goods worthy the attention of careful buyers.
REGISTERED SHROPSHIRE.
Aged Ram—Edward Brownlee 1.
Year Old Ram —Joseph Brownlee 1, Edward Brow lee 2.
Ram Lamb-Malcolm Drummond 1, Aged Bull—Joseph Sly 1.	1 Joseph Brownlee 2, Edward Brownlee 3.
One year old Bull—Thos McDowell 1 | Two Ewe Lambs—Joseph Brownlee 1, Andrew McKnight 2, Thos McFarlane 3. j Edward Brownlee 2.
Two year old Heifer—Thomas Me-1 Two Ewes—Malcolm Drummond 1,
Joseph Brownlee 2, Edward Brownlee 3.
Two Ewes, one shear—Joseph Brownlee 1, Edward Brownlee 2.
Pen of Sheep—Joseph Brownlee 1, Edward Brow nice 2.
CATTLE—REGISTERED DVRHA'IS.
Smallpox is manifesting itself to such
extent in Ottawa, that the board of I . Mrs. Elliott, widow of the late James health have decided on compulsory vac Elliott, an aged resident of N. Clarendon cination of the school children. It ii neighborhood, passed away on Thursday feared there will be a very bad outbreak night last at the residence of her daugh of the disease throughout the Ottawa i ter, Mrs. William Kelly, of Green Lake, valley when the cold weather sets in, The deceased was in the 83rd year of her unless extraordinary means are taken to ago Six sons and the daughter above prevent its spreading further now.	mentioned survive her. The sons are:
The Harvest Home and Thanksgiving jAine8 and Albert, of Nttrth Clarendon,
Servke in connection with Holy I unity Thomas of Green Lake, and R bort of Church, Radford, took place on XVodnes- this vilLgo. Funeral on Sunday to the day the 24th of Sept. Lie wea her was Methodist church Shawville, where ser-
mim
5BS2SSS	,	....„ ,,
Temple of Worship of the Moet High God. Margaret Finmgan, elde«‘. daughter of Two year old Bull-Edwa d Brown-
The fact that people left their labors and Mr- I{- Fmmgan, a bright girl of	.
crowded together in worshipping and ¦«"« V 17 years, crossed the vale on Bull C.lf-JosmdiRrownee 1 thanking God, for all His blessings dur- paWrday morning after a compart,vely Two year old He. er-Edward I.roan-ing the past year, was a most significant brief illness from some form of lung lee 1, Joseph Brown ce 2	¦
event The Yen. Archdeacon Naylor trouble, to which she was predisposed. One year o d Heifer-Joseph Brown-waa also congratulated upon such satis The idol of the hommhuld and the com-	!ee 1, Ldwanl Bmwuiee 2.
factory work among his flock. Tl.e Rev. l,an'°n » «"*•«*>**»8	lt 18	„ Helf,er Calf-Ed ward Brownlee 1, Jos
Austin Ireland, the new assistant to the needless to state tlmt her early departure	Brownlee 2.
Archdeacon, was also present at the has occasioned sorrow deep and sincere. Milch Cow-Eel ward Brownlee 1, Jos service. Tea was served about 6 o'clock The remains of the deceased were borne Brownlee 2.
!zzRjazr - -	aérZraja ....
——?----- impressive feature in connection there-1 Elliott Sr 2. Thomas McDowell 3.
The Government Shoot. with was the attendance of a represent»- Two year old Ileifer—James L Shaw
five numliei ofthe members of Victoria L James Wilson (miller) 2, A R Me-
.Lodge, LO G. T. of which organization Guive 3. tÊÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊ^^^^^M ^ ext wee^ on XX ednesday and 1 nura- deceased was also a member. A nuin- One year old Heifer—Thomas day the Radf rd Rifle Association will h^. 0f ^he Free Masons also, evinced t)owt 11 1, J antes L Shaw 2, John M
hold its first Government match, which |heir g/mpHthy with their bereaved	Hudgins 3	_	|	Factory	Cheese, 30 Pound-James Cox
all member* are obliged to Attend. Jn brother-craftsman, by attending in a	Heifer Calf—XV in G McDowell 1, John »	jAmes	Armstrong	2,	Stewart Ful-
order to make the event as interesting as |	Members of tfie Order to which M Hodgins 2, XVm Wilson.	^r(j 3
thing. It is proposed to accomplish this from L Victoria. Tim futal service dl„;i' .,	'	», . .	. McLellan 7.
issss £• irias i rgssto %%% & hsttss^ts jsætttxg. " *•**
wise compete for a prise among them- behalf for the mall y kindnesses received • Aged Ram-Alex Elliott 1.	L We,wand 2.
mm&mwmm mm-
, <1 any of the matcliea, and whose ability who attended the funeral, as already Two Ewes, one Shear- Alex Elliott L J1 1 *	^ m
1, Vs to he tested.	1 stated, as representative bodies.	Pen of Sheeps Alex Elliott 1.
an
J. H. SHAW
Dowell 1.
One year old Heifer - Edward Brown lee 1.
Heifer Calf—Thomas McDowell 1, J G Elliott 2, Edward Brownlee 3..
Milch Cow—-Edward B ownlec 1, Thos
McDowell 2,
Bull Calf—Edward Brownlee 1, Thos McDowell 2, « . * *,
REGISTERED OXFORDDOWNS.
Year Old Ram—John G Armstrong 1, John A Armstrong 2, Thos McDowell 3. Run Lamb—John G Armstrong 1.
Two Ewes—John G Armstrong 1. Two,Ewes, one shear—John G Armstrong 1.
REGISTERED AYRSHIRE;*
SOAP
GRADE SWINE.
Aged Sow—Henry T McDowell 1, Simon Barber 2, Alex Bean 3.
Sow of the Season -Alex Bean 1, Henry T McDowell 2, Robfc J Wilson 3.
REGISTERED SWINE—BERRSIIIRB.
Aged Boar—Alox Bean 1.
Aged Sow—XX'esley Hodgins 1, Alex Bean 2.
Boar of the Season—Alex Bean 1, Simon Barber 2.
Sow of Season—Alex Bean 1, Simon Barber 2.
©?????????¦'SA good Soap is required in every home, but the kind needed cannot be picked anywhere. The soap that leaves the skin as perfect as it finds it is the only safe one to use.
We offer a Bargain in just such Soap.
As pure as any soap can be, no matter what it costs. Wo bought a large quantity and we are going to give you the benefit while it lasts.
Milch Cow—James Armstrong 1.
Herd of Cattle— James Armstrong 1.
REGISTERED HOLSTEIN.
YORKSHIRES.
Aged Boar- James Armstrong 1, Alex Meldrum 2.
Aged Sow—Alex Meldrum 1, James Armstrong 2.
Sow of Season—Alex Meldrum 1.
Boar of Season—Robt J Wilson 1, Alex MeWrum 2.
Olive Oil and Cucumber Soap—
Good value at 5c. ; our price 3 cakes for 10c.
Madame LeRoy’s Complexion Soap—
Extra value a 5c. ; our price 10c. per box.
GRADE CATTLE
CHESTER WHITE.
Aged Sow—Henry T McDowell 1, Al-
Milch Cow—J G Elliott 1, Alexander
(red Elli tfc 2.
Boar of Season - Henry T McDow-
ell 1
Sow of Season—Henry T McDowell 1.
DAIRY DEPARTMENT.
Me
Pure White Castile Soap

Imported direct fVom France and guaranteed to contain 60 p. c. of pure olive oil.
Our price 20c. per lb.
You cannot afford to misa this chance of procuring1 a good Soap at a bargain, as we cannot duplicate th
valu
THE DRUG STORE,
CONTINUED ON FOURTH PAGE.
i

1

¦



F
II
'X

S
	
###PAGE###2###





work of the ceiling, furnish ample and soft Illumination after nightfall. This scheme of lighting Is carried out through both cure.	%
A short corridor, llnlshed In mahogany, loads forward from the reception to the dining car. Half way up this corridor a door opens Into a boudoir, which, with Its accompanying toilet, furnishes a convenient withdrawing room for ladles. The walls and celling of this room are finished In pearl grey enamel The walls are divided into panels framed with delicately modelled ornament In the style of Louis Quinze, and filled with paintings soft, yet rich In color, after the manner of Wut-tuu. Ornamental frames in the celling. filled with lattice work, provide ventilation for the room. Those, as well am the ornament around the wall panels, are touched with gold. The draperies are of light blue* moire silk, us is the covering.of the comfortable upholstered divan across one end of the room, which, us long and almost am wide as a bod, Invites to repose. Tho door at the other end of the room, which opens into , tho toilet, in fitted on the boudoir side with a long mirror, extending almost to the floor, and answering all the purposes of a cheval glass. A couple of small chairs and a table, finished in gold, the latter carrying a reading light, complete tho furnishings of this room.
THE WOODWORK
in the private dining room is of African Coromandel, tho rich, ruddy tone of which forms an Ideal contrast to the silver and glass of the table service. The coves and ceiling arc carried out in a lighter tone of the same color. As in tho reception room, a cornice circles tho room immediately above the windows, and ample ventilation is secured by means of an ornamental perforated frieze in this cornice. Tho coiling is plain, save for the rich gold frames of the electric fixtures. Ornamental cartouches in bas-relief display at one end the heraldic bearings of the
ÜiImi 11
Cornwall and York, while the arms of the Dominion and the private badge of tho Duke face each on opposite sides of tho room | I hangings are green velvet, the portieres and wall draperies being decorated with painted and embroidered applique in gold and green. Tho furniture matches the other woodwork In tho room, and is upholstered in velvet of a rich warm brown. Two comfortable arm-clmirs provided, for the bead and foot of tho table, and the other chairs, while somewhat
fully proportioned with a view to comfort. A candelabrum-like electric fixture supplies light for the dining table, which is capable of extension to seat eight persons. A ridor leads forward past the pantry,7 kitchen and store rooms, which are furnished with every appliance that ingenuity could suggest or culinary skill demand in the preparation of the most élaborais repast.
The corridor extends the length of the second car, the "York” Tho central section of this car for a length of about thirty feet is taken up by two principal bedrooms, with tho bathrooms and servants’ soome belonging to them.
THE BEDROOMS
#
®®®®ÎXS
•X»X»X*
deductive faculties at onco Into play.
The defence ret up for Mr. Surtees was Ingenious hut weak. It depended mainly on Mr. Waldo's admissions—first, that he had already mislaid bonds, and next, that his strong key might have fallen into
!
• •>«>’>

£
I
x
1 PALACES
...ON.
WHEELS, j
I MIS
I ILL-GOTTEN |
I WEALTH.
The
•I

i
The Untimely End of
Joseph Dovae.
T
Canadian Pacific ? Train for
The Royal Party.
%
0

0
I
X

0
room other hands.
The cashier’s own lino of defence had not found favor with his law-Ho stoutly declared that the
x

.0
?
s
va
0
s

va
0

?

>:
?
>Xi
y ers
bonds disposed of wore his own property—that he had bought them years previously to hoias an — i
This Assertion, made with much persistency was thoroughly sifted by Mr. l/ovi Liljeurth ; there were flaws in it which tho uV torncy could not fail to detect.
How was it that tho numbers of tho bonds discovered in tho cashier's possession wore identical with those lost from tho bank ? Mr. Surtees declared thoro must bo some mistake in tho bank security-book. It kept by different hands—now by clerk, now by another, now by the head of tho firm. There was a gleam of hope In this direction, but it was extinguished when Mr. Waldo recalled, and stated that he had
Q
PRECEDING t Nothing coma of the cross-examinn IS	H	Mr. Faske. That self-pos-
5
<S>
8
in-
ro^:o:o:auo^o.CLQAQ^
SYNOPSIS OF
CHAPTERS.—Securities vanish from the strong-room of Candelent, Dandy and Waldo, bankers. Mr. Folks of Scotland Yard is called in to solve
There arc two keys
@#@KÊ##
r&SjSreS SS^srJ?3|
train proper, from the locomotive sum walnut, end Is undccoi ntcd, buck will consist of tho following save for n few ornemental mould-
"South Africa” general sleeper and Ionic pilastei s suppôt ting the aitn parlor car, for staff and guests ; the pie cornice which runs entirely
Uon of
seised of >i was too imperturbable and his
ward to ho easily shaken Percy Mcggitt was the next called. He came forward.
vestment
so
evidence too straightfor-
but
wit-
tho mystery to the strong-room—ono held by Mr.
partner, the other by Mr.
This latter Dob ami Jose-
as
nous
ho told Knsko, with tho utmost reluctance, and it really seemed from tho way he spoke that it grieved him greatly to hear testimony against the cashier.
Dut his evidence was very damaging. especially that part which referred to tho conversation between him and the cafchier as to tho disposal of ccitain stock
On this point the prosecuting counsel sought precise Information.
"The prisoner told you he wished tho stock sold quietly ?"
"He did."
"Had you any notion time why the prisoner wished to alize his funds ?” *
"1 am not sure 1 believ is to say. I fancy----'
"Did not tho prisoner tell you lie had to pay up a large sum just
then ?
"He did.”
"Did he say for what purpose ? A bill, was it—or a debt, or what ?"
"A debt of his son’s ; a gambling
Waldo,
{Surtees chief cashier has two * children, phine. Ho reproaches Dob, who is an extravagant subaltern with pivntiom, to the hand of Helena Waldo, for having consumed his sister's dowry to pay his gambling debts. Surtees is sus|>e:t.cd of the theft A search-warrant la out against him Some Portuguese bonds answering to description of missing securities arc found in
was
one
taken
was
himself entered the numbers of this
particular ¦
stock. Besides Mr. Surtees* position
would only
his
parcel of Portuguese
possession
saw
have been tenable by supposing that there had been a supposing
by some person or persons, and of this there was no evidence, and indeed no suspicion.
It was still more unfortunate that Mr. Surtees, Although ho declared that lie had bought these bonds of his through a broker, could produce no record of the transaction. He had not retained the old contract, had lie paid for them by cheque. They were bought, ho said, with a legacy which came to him through his deceased wife, and tho money had been paid over in cash. He remembered the broker's name, but the man had long since given up
business, lie was either appeared.
These were serious flaws, indeed, and they made Mr. Liljenrth rather hopeless about his client’s case. Serjeant Sttiudaloft was not much more sanguine, but ho snatched eagerly at the chances Mr. Waldo hud given

at that
CHAPTER XI

Only three weeks elapsed between
Che full committal of Mr. Surtees for
trial and his arraignment at . :
Central Criminal Court.
Listeners who heard the Solicitor-
General unfolding the case gradually and in a masterly manner felt that there was little hope for the prisoner
Mr. Waldo, who was very nervous and discomposed, swore to the dis-
thc bonds, lie was
That
l.i
the
unlliSS

»
• p

9

v*
nor
debt.”
lie told you that—you rcmcm-
appearance of
certain that they were In the strong- ber ?” room. He had *een them there, and
had certainly not touched i liera qq10 examination-in-chii? now pass-himsclf. The clerks sometimes stay- e(j on ^j,c picking-up of the tattered at #thc bank after hours, late in e(j brokers’ contract in Mr. Sur-tho day even, but only	he and Mr.	ifees’ room, it	was dragged out	of
Surtees had access to	the strong-	j Meggitt that	the cashier was so
room. They entered it	together on	!mucli perturbed	at the other's	elithe morning of the 11th May, when	frnnco that ho	tried to destroy	the
the loss was discovered.
"By whom ?” asked the Solicitoi
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
"By me. attention
surprised.”	m
"Did lie say anything ? ’	"How did you obtain possession
Only that it was very strange, I of t.hat torn contract ?” he asked think, or something to that effect. ;	..j f0untj ,t on the floor,” replied
Then Mr Waldo went on to explain 'Mcggilti tlic steps taken when tho loss was fully established, and this was substance of his evidence.
Mr. Serjeant Standuloft. Q ( , tained for the defence, was n pillar of strength to Mr. Levi Liljoarth.
He had long noted Mr. Waldo’s nervousness, and hoped to turn it to his own client’s account But he tegan most blandly.
"IIow long have you known
prisoner ?”
"Thirty years get her in the bank "You trusted him ?”
"Implicitly.”
"You had no reason, in fact, to do otherwise ?”
"No ; his conduct and his character have always been irreproachable.”	, ,
How long has he been cashier ?
"Six years ”
During which time he has tho keys of the i
SPECIAL TRAIN—BUILT SPECIALLY FOR THE ROYAL VISIT
BY THE 0. P. R.
THE
Yes, perfectly.”

the
the room Just above
around WWBIUPBUm windows. From this cornice springs the cove, which rises in a graceful
moulded beam, which in turn rests the main
"India," general sleeper and parlor car. for staff and guests ; the
•« - -.
sr'Ær'a'Tm c% ... «>«-..	«='»
frTho whole train is finished exter- and ornament on the woodwork arc

and could not be found, dead or ho had dla-
the other tho combined of the Duke and Duchess ol
other
Tho
document, but failed. Mvggitt then said that he picked it up and gave , it to Faske. and his testimony 1 called, the prisoner s ogajns^ Mr. Surtees ended, to the fact. He seemed
by a delicate tracery of
with cartouches
It was now Scrjtumt Staiulaloft's turn.
him
the
Mdlle. Fanchctte Dumoulin was hurriedly subpoenaed, down to the Old Hailey
They could not make much out of She was highly indignant when she was asked if she had ever gone into Mr. Waldo’s room.
Before he was up ? Never. It would have been impossible. Moreover. Monsieur was so matinal, early a riser.
"But while he was dressing. mnm’zclle.M pursued the Serjeant.
Then certainly. Several times Mrs.
Waldo sent
ask Monsieur to return soon day. To say that Madame coil for him at the bank ; family matters like that, many of them ; they took her to Mr. Waldo’s room.
"Did you ever enter it when he was not there ?"
No ; it was because he was there that she went.
"You never found Mr. Waldo absent temporarily ?"
Never ; to the best of my recollection, never.
After this, and the usual speeches, tho judge summed up, much against the prisoner. The jury must not bo led astray from the main point, viz., that the bonds had been lost, and that some of them had been found in the prisoner’s possession. Tho
could not account for it.
and brought
• i
her
are
"Was Mr. Surtees in the room ?” "No ; ho had gone out in answer to a summons from Mr. XVnldo.” "And you ••cmainod behind ?”
"No ; I went out with him "And then returned ?”
"Ye».1’
"On purpose to pick up the paper ; I see. Whnt benefit would the cashier's conviction be to you ?"
"To me ! None that I am aware
the
smaller, are care-
re-
» •
so
cor-

M


t
her with messages to
that would
the
6:7
Ss
of.”

We were clerks tc-


"You arc next on the list, assistant-cashier I believe. If there was a vacancy ns cashier I presume you
WOUld SU2CC0Ü ?”
"I really cannot any. I am entirely in the tmnds of the firm.” "You stand well with them ?”
"I hope so ; but 1 must refer you to them.”
"You would, no doubt, stand better if you helped them to convie# Mr. Surtees.”
Meggitt did not answer.
is.

entire



m
Aj

*7*
• #

are finished in pearl grey enamel, and the walls divided into panels filled with silk to match the dra-One corner of each room io
/
t
had
strong-
• 4

one of room ?”
; and I had the other "WoH, now, Mr. Waldo,” ¦
you 'a'<iucsiiun"In'	about ^your 'Solicilor-Gcncnxl for protection, who
Kr,!UrrWm kCy' "hC1C d° h‘say ‘rtofc^viaodly. Those prisoner
»	% I ••	**	property. You had no right to thç tempt to prove this by sjiowmg how
......... — SKS-JSUTr^ «•
«....	.tV..r
^nrit?	„	Of your own accord ?”	nection with the unexplained pos-
80 l?1 a T tiWnrr 0# »•	tees confided to you that he had	a	clearly be borne in mind. He	held
35	?§£:	EE™
good, that is to say ? No one ; you "Who told you of it ?"	was careless es to the custody of his
"flfsFHii: 4b-œr i "	111
T" • rSSSTr^ -to'	SZSit-SSuS*^!»	........—
s Wnido's maid ”	lost at Meggitt's club, by one of his	polled to acknowledge that the	cvi.............	SStUVRSS, ÎBK.	i SEÆ. XZTÜ15453
Tint will do Mr Waldo "Who was the winner ?” asked the printed tho bonds. or he was the
'	' Serjeant.	I victim of some infamous and dnn-
"A foreign nobleman,” answered j tardly conspiracy.
Meggitt, with some swagger.	Was it the latter ? If so. the mys-
"Bnron ? No ! Count ? No ! Mar- tery should be unravelled sooner quts ? Yes Î Oh ; a Marquis. In- j later—of that Sir Richard was do-deed. Of what nationality ?”	Iterminod.
"Spanish.”
"His name >”
"The Marquis dc Ojo Verde.”
"Is he in England now ?”
"No, ho has gone abroad to visit some of his estât*» "
"That will do, Mr. Meggitt,” said | works in the vicinity
and city a highly-esteemed clergyman
to I takes a great interest in the members de- I of his flock who arc engaged at the
The other day he saw one
hotel and hailed
and
f
penes. '— ¦	¦ ¦ ¦	¦ ^
occupied by a wardrobe, another t>y
a convenient dressing table with large mirrors so arranged that side as well as front views of themselves may be obtained by persons sitting before them The doors leading into the bathrooms .have large mirrors to
cheval glasses. The beds
in gold to
1	"It was to show your zoul and get
went on the credit of it that you stoic----'
Stole !” Meggitt looked at tho

A


>
L
>
1
I

4 0
m

serve as
of brass, finished ...j hardware fittings of the
The lighting chemo for these has been carefully thought
ceiling light# re over each
are

match the

cars.
roomlHHHHH out. Besides the usual
there is n special fiJ# dressing table, designed to throw light upon the person sitting before it. There is also a light placed the head of each bed, in a

m.
i


i

%
g
I lu El 1 >¦*l,
M'h
1
1
con-
Th«
over V-	.	- ...	- .
veulent position for reading wall panels, draperies and furniture coverings in the Duke’s bedroom an of red silk armure ; in the Duchess of light hide moire. The
BEOEOOH OF THE BUCHBSS «F COMWAU. AND YOHK ON THE ",	."'IS
ROYAL 1KA1N.	rfurnitvre is of satinwood.
to each bedroom, and r-om-muniéating directly with it, is a commodious bathroom. These bathrooms are exactly alike. The walls, uA to a point higher than n man a head, are entirely covered with tufted upholstery in rubber cloth, soft to the touch and perfectly water-
§

V

• •
« 4
Ne
a
nally in polished mahogany, and also touched with gold, and with a presents a very beautiful appear- small amount of blue. The architecte*. The train is lighted through- ture and ornament of the room out by electricity, and telephones jn the style of Louis XV. The cur-and call bells permit of communica- tains arc of dark blue velvet, portion from one end of the car to the fcctly plain, except for an edging of other. The interior decoration fimall silk tassels, and draped simply throughout, including the cars in- : back from the tended for the use of the staff and EIGHT LARGE WINDOWS, guests, is chaste and most effective. ^	sofa and roomy arm
chairs provide against the fatigue of
sr-EHHE
• *	---------------'	"	Tho coral rock, of which the bod)
of the church is constructed, is tht building material in common use ii the islands, but in so large a struo turc a stouter material was require* in some places where a strain was
other material

in it, or before you
are

No one in court was surprised that the verdict of the Jury was "Guilty” with land the sentence penal servitude for
me a

an island cathedral
the arrangements
Fanchctte.” said
HHiHHIi
1 have done with you !”
After this there were doubts in the court whether the case was so cloar against Mr. Surtees after nil. But the hopes that were raised in
Mr. SurdMl	¦
imination Of Mr. Waldo died away
when Faskc was put in the box.
The evidence given by the detective
and terribly to the tattered contract was and exhibited to the jury.
how it came into
Stone in it From Either Shore oi the Surrounding Ocean.
« •
ê i
or
favor by the cross-cx-
(To De Continued)
presence of mind
was «explicit, point. The put in
Fnskc described his possession, and the clue it gave him to the missing bonds. Ho detailed the steps taken to track them •-from
pcnoliol's
HoundSItch, and so to Amsterdam "Does my learned brother," said Serjeant St&ndaloft. ready to test every inch of ground, to produce these bonds from Amsterdam ? If not, I object to their being referred to in court The Solicitor admitted that they could not be produced.
This temporary advantage was, however, soon nullified when Fasko
to give the result of his
At one of the railway-construction
of a certain

am

the Serjeant, with some scorn, the assistant-:as hier was about leave the box when the counsel tainod him. "One word, Mr. Waldo I cutting has said that the clerks sometimes ' of them entering a remained in tho bank after hours ? I him; but Pat simply looked Did vou ever so remain ?”	j walked in. Waiting until he
"I ? Frequently."	| out, the reverend gentleman accost-
"Alonc ?"	; ed him thus
"Alone, and with others "	I Pat. didn’t you hear me call m
This last evidence set Sir Richard j Yes, your ravrince, 1 did; but—out Daunt thinking. His mind was filled 11 had only the price of one !
With vague suspicions—was Mr. Surtees the victim of some base conspiracy, some plot to ruin him and get him out of the way ? Rut if so, why ? Merely to secure Meggitt's and 1 advancement In tho hank 7 Was that tin sufficient reason ? He could hardly
Resides the assistant- at
•/,
Higgins and Stumper	to
from the jobbers	to
7

likely to come and wns required ns well for some Interior and decoration uses, so it was for these several purposes that the building stone described was in*» ported.
Thus this island cathedral contains within its walls not only native material but stone from lands on either shore of the ocean in the middle of which It stands.
A
*
came
à1
lit
con-
intend
l A
f
W
t
9 9

I
*

UNEXPECTED

A little girl went visiting one day, and after a time was given the album of family photographs to look She turned the leaves over carefully, and pretty soon closed C

went on
search In Mr. Surtees’ room, the discovery in the cashier’s box of a parcel of bonds exactly j think so
What a wonderful painter Rubens was! remarked Mr. Jones. at the art gallery.	Yes. assented Mrs
Jones; it is said of him tlrnf could change a laughing face into a d one by a single stroke. JJ* 01	• up In Johr	*ngus
schoolmaster can do that !
the
he
v.
4 4

CAR FOR THE SUITE OF THE DUKE AND DUCHESS
YORK.
DINING
my
y>
/
Y V <
/


J

>
¦

###PAGE###3###

•	- *	'. py%
& « JFWH ^





26

OWIiDS FOB THE Kill
hoard of them in the newspapers.
They are quickly taken charge of by the uniformed police, examined by a
Preparation. Taken	FHOM	«I^JÏÏSKSt. “	„
A sassi stssjH?&wsœt* .....
A revival of political crime is ex- and French Ports have all their re-	Glory.M	ci earn are scarce, but there 1h origin
peeled In Europe during the coming Present at ivm from Melville's select '	a,|;y m °.no Wuy of Willing it.
#### #######
PTC;
tempt to wreak Its decrees, that the bow. Still, there ere a number of anything I know.	chant The customer cannot see the public In so doing	1,1 an interview Dr Parker said:—
a pZfrsrr^-z: ksstv..is srsa,ïissvr; zs i rsa rsrs. ir% S":zzc:.rz % :	ss
th«? personal organization of Chief Anarchist of being drunk or disorder- recruits ho sends us. Not many I* 2,,.	h,1° the custom' 18 a,1,wuys ovcr Ul?* mcn- who ,
Superintendent Melville, a man of ly. Come along *o me,M would bo	months ago a young fellow—obvious- «Thfl	coit ng to the Army lh-gulationsj
tho highest energy and courage, the remark, or, if the Anarchist re- ly an aristocrat, from his speech and diluting	chnnce ,or	not ,do nulle a number of
who personally broke up seven years Listed, so much the better. He was manners—came to me and insisted I w , he milk ,n thie system by things an ordinary citizen does hour-ego the only Anarchist group which forthwith guilty of resisting tho po- on	n the consumer sees with his ly l or instance, they must not go
ever tried to operate in England, lice, and any of his friends who as-	,	*	OWn ey®9 t,ie goods produced. But out after tattoo has sounded In the
His training is a model of thorough- misted him* were scooped into the	BEING ENLISTED.	| t »e natives-and they all agree on evening unless they have previously
ness compared with that given In pool. The result was some astonish-	Ho made	no concealment of hls	'1,'S1)f°, t_ir'“ist tbat the milk mer	received Icavu	; hence it will hc seen
mo-st other branches of the British lag captures and a total clearance	identity.	He was a young son ol	Tfi h,S coat a rubbei	Lhat a. 8° d*7	who leaves his own
police The "special-service" branch of recognized Anarchists from Lon-	Lord----, and he had sworn that	,l hKe fl.II?d w lh ,wnter and with a	house is liable	to arrest and pnnisli-
of Scotland Yard, of which he is the don Those who had not been com-	if a certain beautiful young lady in	i, , ,tubf a,Uachmcnt which en	ment. Lvon if	ho has received per-
chief, has the prevention and deton- milled to Jail for a fortnight for bo-	society would not marry him he	.,	8 hlm to '""*1 tho water	into mission to go out. Tommy must be
tlon of political crime for its pro- |„g drunk and disorderly or resisting	would enlist ns a private soldier.	*e ™c,,surc al“nff with the	milk	very careful and not run down the
vinco, and Us qualifications for that tho police had found it convenient	She had laughed at his proposal and	,,n0t.hc[ way th® ftrtistic milk	mer	sUect ,or some tobacco in his shirt
SiWPips=b.tl—.mWËËpMmÊM
criplivo writer^ who saw that won- li"1 -0Ut to ?\ouUl ^.rlfa’ ntu aft®r :	®port n a11 Pttrt* ot	tho world fur-	j uppers soft with dubbin or vaseline."	am to have present moisture similar
derfu scene at W ndsoT when the !W, T’8 , Ko'den opinions for h.s | nishes employment for	vast numbers	A Tommy who	shaves off	his	to that of tl.o human lung g ¦
sailors took charge of the gun car- 5'"^ aad amiability he warn struck j of people, not the least remunerative	moustache is guilty	of a grave	of-	placed tho flask in an incubator,
riage	remark on the fact that among	dow,i by entvl ic anddlod in ®ne °f | l,®in6 tbat of insect breeder. Before fence, and soldiers with musical pro-	which	was kept at a temperature of
This special force looks forward to	.hose	who7amo down ml	tbo llosI,itnls Just before he died pheasant shooting commences in penalties must be careful	fig.O	degrees, tie normal tempera-
&TÆÜ-5 r-s-JK	- - ¦ -i1*.
way lessened their work. His Ma-	|Ults	Dut ihev W0L there mnkllur	?r'.a.nd. . ****** him to send them large preserves. Pheasants are so | Should the mournful strains	of the	same	conditions as it would bo in a
Josty is a very different personage	no show but* with eves non irontIv	tvith ,us dying Iov®'' to the Sirl | passioimtvly fond of ants, and prie-j "Dead March” plcase^thcm,	and if	man's	body. The flixsk was taken
B-ojn what he was when Prince of in the b'ck of thc(r heads, for that Wh0S° hcftrtlessncss had sent him | cs ^ *> good, that on Industrious ‘tt-y 6hotf!d try while Atvuy tfiv out llfic? ten Jays hfti elapsed, and Wales. He realizes to the full the night a mnn who Wn8 known to be	TO HIS DEATH.	purveyor of these insects reckons he | time by whistling that solemn har- injections of the substance were made
pips! mmm	I'Ehsu
chargod with the duty of lookin#f^ukjng fhem too pIain to vhe .	10 makc au army—men with I that the ant manufacturers of : Prior to this, several Irish soldiers dog enjoyed porftSpSSiHh. and ate
arter his safety. His frequent use of erftl publiCi	b ^nc n,m' °n? cye- a,ld even one Franco have to encase their bodies *cre every year punislwl for wearing and gambolled as before- A hen was
a motor car is one of these Tho po-	_._ ,0£- who think that in time of war |n buff leather to protect themselves the emblem of their native land in also treated and sho inlet'two eggs a
lice cannot follow the swift car ho	—-— ¦-	-- ll,cy 1,rtvo aH ïood a chaire of ac-	from the ceaseless attacks of	their	defiance of the Army Regulations.	day	during the entire period After
employs, and .they have to make tho	REMARKABLE RESOLVES. ccptoncc as sound mcn. Of course I	ungrateful pupils. Apart from	their	Men who are ardent politicians will	the	injections were stopped both the
best arrangements they can at tcry	- bad U> send them away sadder, if warlike instincts, ants, if we arc 1 rtnd the army somewhat irksome, ns dog and the hen became less bald.
short notice. As ho uses the car to Some Very Strange Views on the wi8cr‘ men:	,	,,bI° l<‘ believe all that is said of they must not attend political meet- The hair in one case and the feathers
go down to country houses lying in	Evo of Matrimony.	Scores of married men prefer the them, are tractable enough. A well- ; inKs- nor speak in public, nor censure ! jn the other came back entirely but
rural districts, the opportunities of	horrors and risks of war to bellicose	fed ant, it is averred, can lay	eggs	j or criticise the authorities. A sol-	the	process was a rather slow one.
any evilly disposed person, or persons	11 n	rocorf|	c°u•« «X?	kept	of the wives, and resort to ali kinds of ex-	0t will, the average production	be-	dicr must not write to the press	TITm nnf-TmrQ ptrnp
are greatly enlarged. Frequently no mtl,iy VuWS uttered on the eve of pddients to get enlisted. One man, |„g ten times greater in captivity criticising or commenting on the au- , ,	,1 , 1 H ‘ 11	,
notice is given to the police till an triage by men and women there is who must have been fifty if he was a than in a wild state	I thorltlcs. and if ho writes n nrivnte.— ott er animals were experimented
hour or two before he starts, and	doubt that some very remark- day, had shaved his face, dyed Ins
then the telegraphists at tho various nbresolves would be brought to hair (it was unfortunately dyed Jn stations have a busy time.	witness, for instance, tho vow patches), and got himself up, as he
registered by n Prussian bride-groom thought, to look like a man in tho to the e'lert that if his bride perish- early twenties. Of course, I saw ed within the first five years after through the artifice at once, and their union lie would destroy his own when he saw the game was up he life. This terrible oath was faith- told me such a talc of domestic fully observed, for, the unfortunate misery us made me feel very sorry !noy. happening to succumb after the for him. I'd rather face a thous-birth of her second child, the hus- and Boor bullets any day that that band blew out his brains directly the awful wife of mine,” he declared ; sad news reached his car.	and I quite believed him.
SliHi*
plete intoxication, and it may bo ad- almy by con'in{f lo me to be onl,st" ded that ho kept his word to the letter. Unfortunately, however, lie did not reserve the dissipation named for
HUMORS OF RECRUITINO, I THE ““i?IN bbazil
Takes Hie Cow to the Customer— Tricks in His Trade.
TOMMY’S LITTLE CRIMES HOPE FOE BALD HEADS.
I
1 0Wrw rïD0N S POLICE OFFICIALS ARE TRAINED
WHAT THE BRITISH SOLDIER YOU MUST BHEATHF
MUST NOT DO	1
VERY
Elaborate Under Great
SLOW AND DEEP.
Hay» tho
V Tho
i A*d * ph>'-‘“ =•*¦ *« "f
Letters to Papers.
and

Not be Troubled With
Baldness
k’l
to quote Dr. Parker's



DIFFERENT WITH WOMEN.
But if it is all a matter of breath-lug. why, then, arc not womea bald
---- because they, like men,
breathe? The answer to this is that they do not breathe like men, but yi their own peculiar feminine muni À ^ Dr. Parker nays that women, bcctj&e of the garments they wear, have their breathing confined to the upper part of the lungs mure movable than men's, and this, combined with their dress them to
breathing much more than is possible in mcn.
When men breathe they deeper breathing, and the air is tak-

ac-

like
m< n



Their ribs are
causes
use tho costal type of
use the
MELVILLE'S COURSE OF TRAIN-
I NU
pense of the English Government, where he was employed not in the French police, but In learning tho language colloquially as a clerk in a •rat. Afterward he joined the French detective service to study its methods, and is as well known In all the great French cities as ho is in London. Others of his men went through the same course. Melville in turn went to Germany and picked up knowledge of German and German criminals at the same time.
Every man in his force has some special department. Several went to Scandinavia, several to Italy, Spain and Austria. Russia was not left alone, for there are a few of the special-branch men who know quite as much about the Nihilist movement as j the secret section of tho Czar’s po- !


This Is why
.. .young adult women rarely suffer from bnldnc s



SOME EXPERIMENTS

I!o

lice

The air in
i
1





................ ithmit:	nul if bo writes h private	, .	,,	,
Considering tlmt every pheasant | letter to 1,1s friends and they pub-	Or ParkeTunU whcn’rL"
spired air is kept in tho lungs, chambered in the presence of warmth and moisture long enough for decomposition of its organic matter to take place, there is developed a substance which, when token up by the blood, exerts ti poisonous action ca the
If this is so
sent to market in this country costs ,isb ^ ho will be held responsible a guinea, it is surprising that game- and punished for n military "crime keepers do not breed ants._ All that !in ud probability, is necessary is to place a number in j Absurd as some of these "crimes a room filled with an iron stove, ! miiy appear-to the non-military which must be kept red hot. The	rCiUlcr' most of them arc really se-
littlc creatures must be allowed to I r^ous matters when the welfare of a
make their nests how and where they	regiment is considered. A soldier.	J
encfl80’ Ïh7 const n!rtlon of*'their*	^utoble""’Jnroh ÎSp^'.'nîdwc whcn »cspu cel air is chambered in tho
. ...............................
had done, and that ho was likely to tninly is not a clean or attractive |	---------------- t}0 most 0f tbo work jnfi ite voi r
the anniversary alone, and in cotise- 5? ¦ent l,°	Afric*' »h? WüS 80 ,,,ie* ,For a11 th,8f l,hc gcntI* br^d*	mT„, r n^T vt ah	lungs fully, so that the air fills tho
q.-enco of his dissolute habits ,li3 dlstrcsseu that she raised the neccs- ers do not complain, possibly be-	THE LOST I LAG.	upper pprt of them and see to It that
wife claimed and obtained a cep a r a- S*Jrv IM<)I1CV bu/ j1*® out, nnd fi,U8° n<> caI>ital n^uired to start As if.gg, Ringdove was cruising every particle of air is expelled frm
lion.	after promising with tears ‘nevwv in the tradu.	past one of the Solomon group of the lungs every time vou breathe mvl
never to lose her temper again, ' in- All that the breeder of gentles re-, is,an(Js in tho Pacific, the lookout that none is left behind to become
, ccd, *dm to bllck ti> her. She quires is a good supply of defunct reported that tho British flag was diseased o/id contaminate the Mood ”
kept her word, too ; for I saw my domestic animals and an old loft or not flying. An armed body of mar- Expel tno ulr from your lungs for
recruit only a few weeks ago, and pit to store them in till they arc in \lvC% WQs promptly sent ashore to clbly and thoroughly and, according
he told mo that lie never did a wiser a state of putresenco.	Inquire the reason. The chief did not <o Dr. Parker, you will never know
thing in his life than when he, be- The most profitable of all the Con- according to a British Columbia the sorrows of baldness.
came a "Soldier of the Queen." tincntnl insect breeding trades is ,.apcr, waste words in replying Ho
grower."	summoned
gentry breed 'vorrns for	a ben she appeared, pointed to	her.
As this Is	tho most	She was clothed from bead To	foot
In the missing Union Jack, the flog having been cut mid fashioned Into n loi so-fit ting blouse and skirt. This, of course, does not mettle the qties- i
tion whether trade follows the flag I *v<>u said in all the other shops or tho flag follows trade In the can A Scottish laird was sitting non-covvred advance of empire, but the hill-side with a shepherd, prove
Mr. Bloomfield—Rid you	hear that | ladies of the Pacific Islands, when
Snaggs	was going into	amateur	they acquire civilization will	not
forming?	lined to take lessons of their Anglo-
Mr. Belle field—No;	hut it's all Saxon «fatum in the art uf "making
right. Snaggs can afford It.	over."

# f
%'V'
KING EDWARD'S SiECIAL
POLICE.

• •

It is not generally known the King has his own staff of police, and that they are quite n different body of men from those who used to guard Queen Victoria. The head of her police was Mr. Frazer, a fine old Scotchman, who was daily informed by Her Majesty herself os to her proposed movements. Mr. Eraser has gone with all his entourage, and tho chief of the King’s police is Mr Spencer, who for years had the task of looking after him when he was Prince of Wales. Mr. Spencer is not so much in the confidence of the King as was Mr. Frazer in that of Queen Victoria. There is no display of the precautions which exist made Marlborough House. The entrance to this residence of His Majesty is distinctly commonplace, and an v thing but impressive. Two clumsy wooden gates flank it, with A mlddlc-n^ed resident of Minnon-sentry boxes at each side for the polis made an exceedingly benevolent guardsmen on duty. Tho soldiers arc vow 0,1 eve of his marriage to a there simply for ornament. A couple charming San Francisco girl of constable* in uniform stand out- declared that as each anniversary of
them th* wedding-day came

car-
o
cd
%
at
\

He

round he
side the gates ready to open	» ......
tor tho entrance of carriages, carts, would distribute a thousand dinners and other vehicles, for there is ne to tho deserving poor of tho city, back entrance, and the same gates This resolve was rigidly adhered to. are used for the Royal carriages as and (ho poverty-stricken denizens of for the morning milk carts. Within the place benefited accordingly, tho gates are several low buildings. A young Kentucky girl of amazing One is tho gatekeeper’s lodge ; the	beauty, who	had been * forced
others are devotod to tho use of tho I marriage with an aged speculator police. The vigilance of the special j whom she heartily disliked vowed service men is kept awake chiefly by that after marriage she would never the lookout for the kind of lunatic look upon her face in a mirror, see-who is constantly attracted to tho | in* that it was her facial charms vlclnltv of royaf palaces.	: which had brought about the loathed 1)0 you guarantee the photographs
Many arrests are made Some- j	union. For	six years she faithfully	to Klv* satisfaction? demanded	the
times they number half a dozen In a	observed the	vow. until the death of	plain-looking man. Well—no.	said
d.iv all of people who generally |	her husband cancelled the extraor* j tho conscientious photographer
turn out to be mad. Nothing is	ditstry oath.	1 can guarantee a good likeness
Mrs. Hunter (to shopman): Tf will cut me a sample of this 1 v find out from my dressmaker many yards I need, and cun send for the goods by post Mo: Why, mamma, that's just wlmt
These Ight Inga lee fashionable bird in France and Austria the owners, mostly rich ladies, pay fabulous prices for the favorite food of their pets.
roil
A COOK’S MONUMENT.
The first monument ev<r erected to a cook is about to bo inaugurated In Paris. Tho chef in question is «'bain Dubois, who labored in the German Emperor’s kitchen. Ho popular was he that his brother cooks have united to do him honor.
bow


Enfant Terri
into

on

and
observing tlso sheep reposing in the coldest situation said were a sheep I w mid lie on the other side of tho hill The shepherd ewvrvd: Ah, but if ye had been . % sheep ye would hue bad mair sense.
THE RIGHT MAN
the

John. If I
an-
but











###PAGE###4###
SMART & SMITH
Tt|e Municipal Council of % Village
of Seville.
MASSEY-HARRIS
Seasonable
THE EQUITY.
ffl
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
BY-LAW No. 69


SHAWVILLE, OCT. 3, 1901
o
Concerning the Issue of Debenture» to the amount of Fourteen Thousand Dollars.
Autumn is here again and it is sure to bring muddy weather.
What Will the People Say ?
Threshing Mill N|en :
It is rvsolved, ordered and enacted M lW-lnw oft lu* Municipal Council of tla Village of Shaw ville, and the said 1 oum >1 resolves, orders and enacts as follows : Whereas, it Is expedient that the Mil-
ipolity of the Village of bhawville »h
rs'Æî.tsasssrj*
and rivknnovk streets, and to consist of a wooden reservoir or tank of t"ent)-li\ thousand gallons capacity. as set f')i h m the plans and specifications submlttul 1 > Hubert Surtees, civil engineer ;; said resvi-voir or tank to he supplied froineitlur Shaw’s Lake ort’.veen Lake, hv a V» operated either by windmill or «team power, as shall bo found most adxan g
is the question
41 To be or not to be ¦ I _ e I which the municipal electors of ShawiHo to decide next Tuesday regarding the
ks. The Council has
are
subject of waters taken the initittive in order to bring the issue squarely before the people interested, and it rests with them now to say whether the scheme that has been outlined in the by-law, published in another lurnn, shall take shape c-r not.
Before giving expression to their opinions in the manner prescribed by law there are a few points which they should well and carefully consider, namely :
If you want
nie
Boots, Rubbers, or Oil-Tan Moccasins
We are now prepared to supply you with
c »
Mill Teeth, (all kinds)
Belting Cylinder and Machine Oils.
Give us a call.
That tho chief and primary object of the proposed rystem is to provide a safeguard from the wholesale destruction of property by Are—a contingency which the village is in hourly peril of, considering that at present we have not the feeblest means of resitting it. That the ex peri-of other places that have ex per merited with other means of lire protection, shows that they have one after another discarded them as unsatirfactory, and have adopted waterworks as the only
alternative.
That together with affording system of tira protection we can pr >cure, waterworks gives us the additional n<h at -tage of supplying a domestic want which constitutes* the house keeper’s greatest comfort.
That the raising of money for this particular object, it is not for the purpose of putting money into the pockets of any individual or company of individuals, but for the sole and exclusive benefit of the people who decide to do so.
That it is not by any means a bonus
but a pledge to repay the
>	A
And whereas, it will be necessary to mise by wav of loan for that purpose the sum of Fourteen Thousand Dollars ;
And whereas the Municipal Council of Mm Village of Shnwvllle is desirous of raising the said sum by the issue of,to bent mes extending over a period of fort) to bear interest at the rate of tt\e
We keep the Linton Boots, which we recommend. Also No. Oil-Tan Mocca-
No second gradeg or culls sold
s
i
can
once
years
per centum per annum :
And whereas it will be necessary to provide annually the sum. of eight hundred and twelve dollars and seventy three nuts for the said term of forty years, to meet the interest on the said debenture loan, and to provide likewise for the redemption of the debentures ns required by
in order that the whole of the said debt
mnv be extinguished at the end of the said term of forty years ;
And whereas the total amount of pro nerty in the said Municipality taxable mi-
iler the current valuation roll being for the war nineteen hundred and one i> one hundred and seventy seven thousand two hundred and eighteen dollars.
It is therefore resolved, ordered and enacted by the present by-law, which, however shall lx* without force and effect until approved by the municipal electors of the suid municipality, as provided by law. as follows, to wit:—
That for the construction of a system of Waterworks In the aforesaid Municipal-itv* the said system to be laid on Mam.
Court and Picknnock streets, and to consist of a wooden reservoir or tank of twenty-five thousand gallons capacity as set forth in the plans and specifications submitted by Robert Surtees, civil engineer, said reservoir or tank to be supplied from eit her Shaw’s Lnk«* or (liven Lake, by a pump operated by either wind-1 mil lor stoat:» power as shall be found most advantageous, and for the expenses connected with the preparation, submission and passing of this lty-law, ' li£_>i:m <-i Fourteen Thousand Dollars shall • »v raised by an issue of debentures.
That the aforesaid Municipal Council of the Village of Shawville may mid is by •Jie present Bv law authorized to Issue,
V,1 mid negotiate for, and in t!i » name of the slid Municipality debentures to an amount not exceeding Fourteen i lion sand Dollars.
That the said debentures shall be signed by the Mavor and countersigned by the Sec re tar y - lfr,ca s u re r, under the common seal of the said Council.
That the said debentures shall bear interest at the late of Five per centum per annum, said interest being payable semi annually on the First day of December and the First day of June of each year at the Merchants Bank of Canada, Shaw-ville Branch.
That for the due payment of the said debentures in the said term of forty years provision shall he made for the repayment of the same at a rate equivalent to Two r cent on the said Fourteen Thousand each and every year during the said term of forty years.
That the said debentures shall be made payable to the order of the person named therein, according to the tenor of each of the said debentures respectively.
That there shall be levied an annual sum of Eight Hundred and Twelve Dollars and Seventy-three cents ($812.7:1) on the rateable property of the said Municipality by means of a special the rate of roui and one half mills on the
Dollar, each and every year until the ex- l Province of Quebec, tinction of the said debt.	Municipality of Shaw ville
That the said special tax shall be levied pu|,Hc Notice is hereby given to nil pro-mid collected at the same time and in the pri,.tors 0f n ;li estate and resident house-
the general taxes of the |^lcrs of thia municipality that-the Col-said Municipality.	lection. Roll of school taxes established bv
That the said loan is so affected for the the School Commissioners of this M int ici purpose of the construction of a system of i pality has been made and completed, and waterworks in the said municipality, to that it now is and will remain in m> pou-be laid on Main, Court ami Mckanock session for inspection by parties Interested streets and to consist of a wooden rescr- | durincr thirty days from this notidK'Uu voir or tank of twenty-live thousand gal- ring which time it may he amended. A nylons capacity, as set forth in the plans and ratepayer mnv, during the said delay com specifications submitted by Robert Sur- plain of such Roll, which shall be taken tees, C. K.; said reservoir or tank to be into consideration and homologated with supplied from either Shaw’s Lake or Green or without amendment at the meeting of Lake by a pump operated either by wind Commissioners to take place on the 18th mill or steam power, as shall Ik* found Hay of October, at the place where the most advantageous, and for the expenses meetings are usually held, at the hour of connected with the preparation, submis- Heven o’clock in the afternoon ; but such sion and passing of this by-law.	delay expired it shall come into force and
I undersigned at his olltce within tin t wenty days following the said delay of thirty
Mayor. I	atShawVui7 this 16th day of the
month of September, in the year 1001.
H. IiANui
sins.
here.
MACFARLANE BROS.
Best materials and correct prices.
FHK. I
lav
New Grinder
SMART & SMITH.
In order to meet our increased trade we
have put in a New Champion Grinder
with a capacity of 80 to 100 bushels per hour (double that of the old one.) Farmers depend upon getting their hashing done in a first-class manner and without
delay.
we are giving money we wiah to borrow, at a reasonable rate of interest, to equip the town with a most important civic improvement —in fact a necessity—and that the pi in proposed is the only one whereby this end can be accomplished.
That the estimated cost of the proposed system will n >t be a burden upon the shoulders « f the tax papers unreasonably
to that borne by <>th
can
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO
unproportional places that have saddl *d themselves with the maintainance of waterworks.
Tnat the increase of taxation will b* leas than one-half cent on the dollar, au i that our total taxa ion will only be a very small fraction higher tl an to ne places in the county are now paying-
Fira’ly, tint the steady and healthy financial growth which the town is enjoying gives warrant for the bel it f that in a few years it will ho possible to strike a much lower rate to secure the sum at:-l'y required to pay interest and redeem the bonds.
1901
1901
OR
*>5
OREMOST
URNITURE.

We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us
aud you’ll prove it.
i 61 ben
nud
FARMERS, Before you commence your Fall plowing come and take a look over our stock of Plows. Sulkey Plows guaranteed to be the best on the market. We also handle Tinkler’s
Patent Plow.
Should the by 1 iw cairy it wi 1 bring the t >wn more promineu ly before the buiineea men of the country than ever before
of the thrift at.d enterprise pour sud by a comparatively small community. If it ia rejected, it will be a misfortune, and believe our people will discover the tact through time— aocner perhaps than they expect.
If a poll is demanded on the question next Tuesday, polling will be held governed by the same rules which govern a municipal e’ertion. Qualified e'oetrya those only who have their taxes paid
Annoyance may le sited
It will serve as an advertisement
e e
• •
We have also a first-class assortment of
we
PERSONAL ATTENTION
per i
l)oll
CHARGES MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
TERMS REASONABLE
ars
McRAE & McGUIRE.
SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
are
up in full by keeping this fact in mind
FOR SALE.
Miss Mary Graham 2, Mias Annie Grant
«
H line male Flannel—Mrs. L ^ei-
8S,piai'n Twill til Flannel—Mias Mary Graham 1, Mrs L Weigand 2
Stripp'd Flannel—Mrs L NN eg*nd l Embroidery Pillow Shame-Mrs And Richards 1, Mrs W C Lagett 2, Mrs John
Smith 3.	. ,
Rut on Holes on differnt material-Mrs
H Barnett 1, Mrs J Fitzsimmons 2, Mrs
R Woodley 3	vv ..
Cuver’et Knitted	Cotton— Mrs ,	U
C;rrigan 1, Mrs Andrew IV.charde2, Mrs
James A Carswell 3.	T
Machin) Sewing	3	articles-	Mrs	L
Weigand 1, Mrs U Woodley 2, Mias
Armstrong 3.	.
Ha* d Sewing—Mis W T Barber 1,
Mi48 Elliott 2, Mis U Woodley 3.
Plain Sewing by a gnl under 14 yeirs
— Miss Weigand 1.	_ ... .
Shirt, hand made, bine—Mrs L Wei
gand 1, M i s El iott 2	,
Shirt, machine-made, tine—Mrs Ij Weigand 1.
Specimen Darning on Weigand 1, Miss Mary Graham -, Mrs Li
Lace Wo >1 KniVcd-Mm Mtry Gin ham 1, Miss Elliott 2, Mrs Andrew Rich
ar<Lice Cotton Knitted -Mrs Andrew Richards 1, Miss Mary Graham 2, Miss
Elli tt 3.	_	. ... i j .
Lace Wool Crochet—Mrs A Richards 1, Miss J V Moran 2.
Lace Cotton Crochet—Mrs H Barnett Mrs Win Cotie 2. Mrs L Weigand 3. Be t Display of Ladies l seful Work—
M Oram en ted Needle Work Wool on Cot-ton—Mra Andrew Richards 1, Mrs Alex Seaman 2. Miss Mary Graham 3. Ornamental Work, needle work, co
Mrs Andrew Richards 1, Mirs El-
Public Notice.
Fifty young Pigs -cross from old Chester White Sows and Berkshire Hog. 30 ready 5th Octol»er ; 20 two weeks later
«"¦^‘graham
The Ontario election campaign promises at least to add something to the gaiety of the nations. It has introduced to the world Hon. Mr. Sirathton’srevolution in arithmetical calculations which permits a bulk to be reduced by 200 percent., and still remain capable of further curtailment And from the mouth of Mr. H. M. Mo wat, at Niagara Fn’Is, a statement that Hon. Mr It »ss is “ an old war horse sitting in the saddle to lead his party to victory ” Now t^e, sight of an old war horse sitting in a saddle, either on his ow n back or cn the back of another war horse, would be a sight that might well confute the enemy. The Ontario Tories had better be wire of R si in his new role.— Mint-
We Satisfy.
tax at
T
KI mahle P. 0
Ç
same manner as
PEOPLE WHO BUY Till EH GOODS AT OUR STORE GO AWAY SATISFIED
that they procure
best value for their money
IN ALL LINES OF
. GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Apprentice
Wanted !
A good smart Boy to learn Tinsmithiug.
G. E. WAINMAN.
real G»zstte
Ot oman—Mies
Embroidery Muslin Elliott 1, Mrs John Sn.i h 2.
Wadding Tt ly—Mrs BBarnett 1, Mise Armstrong 2, Mrs John Smith 3.
Drawing Roun Screen—Miss Elliott 1. Arrescene Work—Mrs R NXoodley 1, Mies Elliott 2, Miss Armstrong 3.
liibbon«cene Work —Mrs H Barnett 1, Mrs H McCredie 2, Miss Armstrong 3.
Outlining Display—Mrs L Weigand 1, Mrs R Woodley 2f Mrs T A Wainmsn 3.
Fancy Photo Frame—Miss Ll-iott 1, Mrs J Smith 2, Mrs L Weigand 3.
Fancy Braiding oa Cotton —Miss Armstrong 1, Mrs H McCie lie 2, Mrs 11
Ma‘heaon 3.	„	,
Darned Netting—M »s Mary Gr.ham
1, Miss Armstrong 2.
S| a‘ter Work—Mrs T A Wunman 1,
Mrs W H. Corrigan 2.
S i ches on Silk-Miss L'Roy 1, Mrs A Richards 2, Miss Armstrong 3.
Hairpin Work—Mr* H BirneM 1, Mias Mary‘Graham 2, M J M Hodgim 3. Embroidery Table Doilies—Mrs H B»r-
nett 1, Mr. R Wcoi ey 2, Mrs J V Mo-
^Embroidery Table Cover—Mre II Barnett 1, Mre John Smith 2, Mrs Peter Dumas 3.
Embroidery Bel Set —Mrs W C Leggett 1, Mis W il Corrigan 2, Mrs Jam s
A Carswell 3.
E mbroidery Infant Shawl -Mrs H Bsrnott 1, Mra A Richards 2 Embroidery Te» Cosey—Miss E liott 1, Mrs John Smith 2, Mrs Andrew RichE in broidery Sidetutrd Scarf—Mrs H Barnett 1. Mias Elliott 2, Mrs Andrew Richards 3.
Embroidery on Ribbon—Miss Armstrong 1, Mrs Andrew Richards 2, Mrs
H. Barnett 3.	.	-,
Embroidery on Drawn Threadi-Mm
Andrew Richards 1, Mra Peter Dumas 2.

Prize List Continued.
HAVE A LOOK AT THE CHOICE SELECTION OF
in the year of our and one.
J. R. HORNER,
Sec.-Treasurer
10 lbs Butter in Prints—Mrs L Woi-<mnd 1, Mrs Jas Wilson, 5th line 2, Mrs P Dumas 3, Mrs R McDowell 4, Mrs R Duff 5, Mrs D McLaren, <>.
ladies department.
Fairy Knitting Wool—Miss Mary G a-ham 1, Mrs Andrew Richards 2, Miss Armstrong 3.
Kensington—Mifs A Richards 1, Mrs
T A NVainman 2, Miss Elliott 3.
Fancy Knitting in Cotton—Miss Armstrong 1, Mrs W H Corrigan 2, Miss
Mary Graham 3	_	.
Two Pair Woolen Sicks—Mrs L NNei-gand 1, Mrs J Fitzsimmons 2, Mrs P Dumas 3.
Two Pair Woolen Mittens—Miss El liott 1, Miss Armstrong 2, Mrs J M Cunningham 3.
Patchwork Quilt, cotton—Mrs H Barnett 1. Mr Wm Cotie 2, Mrs L Woi-gand 3.
Patchwork Quilt, woolen—Mr Wm Cotie 1, Mrs W H Corrigan 2, Mr Thus Reid 3.
Tufted Cotton Coverlet—Mrs J riz-simnions 1, Miss Armstrong 2. Mrs T A Wainman 3
Home made Coverlet, crochet—Miss Annie Grant 1, Mrs Andrew Richards 2, Mrs James Caiewell 3.
Log Cabin Quilt, woolen—Mies R Dale 1, Mrs J Brownlee 2, MrsJ Fitzsimmons 3.
Log Cabin Quilt, cotton—Mrs P Dumas 1, Mrs T Reid 2.
Hank Home-made Yarn—Mrs J Brownlee 1, Mas A Grant 2, Mra II McCre die 3.
Floor Mat-Mrs J Brownlee 1, Mrs T A Wain man, Mima Elliott 3.
Rig Carpet—Mrs James Wilson 1,
SEASONABLE GOODS
J. A. COWAN
S;cks—Mrs L
WE ARE NOW SHOWING BEFORE LAYING IN YOUR
:: fall supplies. ::
Sec.-Trcas
NOTICE.
Notice is hereby given that a General Meeting of the Ratepayers of this Munich	/
ES'Sæï ff'S S Notice to Boiler Owners.
mm
(liven nttlie Vi'llagu of Slmwvillc afore- once communicate with	^
J. A. VUW A.V	Montreal
Silas Young,
Starke’s
Corners.
» *
i.
FRESH and CURED
0*
ton—
Embroidery on S lk—Miss Mary Gra-
haEmbroid.ry Roman—Mias Elliott 1,
Mrs. Andrew Richards 2, Mrs II Bar* nett 3.
Embroidery on Satin Mrs H Bkrnett 2. Mus M Graham 3.
Plush—Mra Wm T
MEATS
Mayor
of all kinds at
Miss Armstrong
I, James R. Horner, Secretary Treasurer of the Municipal Council of the \ illage of Shaw ville hereby certify that the al*ove in
:r."lti*,S‘n.Biti",| To Let or Give on Shares.
|SiF?eEEB
Set.-Treasurer. M. Hoduins, Shawx ille.
FARM
1,
THE SHAWVILLE
Ulleat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
Embroidery on Barber 1. Mrs H Barnett A Mis A
Richards 3.
Embroidery on Plush—Mrs N\ T Berber 1, Mrs U Barnett 2, Mra A Rich
arda 3.
Embroideiy on C At on—Mrs 0 Mat he-1, Mrs Peter Dumas 2, Mra John R >•
bitaille 3.	_ T
Embroidery, Chain Stitch—Mrs James Wilson, 5ih line 1, Mrs U Matheeon 2, Miss Armstrong 3.

son
Proorietor.
To be concluded next week.
V r~

l
A
)
j
###PAGE###5###
r


/
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
THE EQUITY,
Court Sliawville.
No 216.
>jL,
^".urS
Successful Fall Opening.
County Pontiac s Largest Ware-Rooms.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUItl.IflUED EVERY THURSDAY
AT 811 AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, qUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A UAH IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
8
Meets the 4th Wedoee day of every month.
Court due» muet belaid
promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cor-dlally Invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F.8
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Our Stock in every Line is Completeness Itself.
J. A. COWAN.lt a.
John Rkcnktt, O. It.,
:o:
ADVERTISING RATES ;
Legal advertising. eight cent* per line for Aral. Insertion and four cents per Hue fur each subsequent insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted Ht *1 00 per year.
TiOOsl an noun cements inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents lor subsequent Insertions.
the	or I The
%ic'h win CS^'n	rete<	A Kasu,onah,.k IUm Cut,
Advertisement* received without Instruc-	(ox)!) Shampoo, ou
Uuu* accompanying them will be Inserted	A CLEAN SHAVE,
until forbidden Mu l charged for accordingly
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three ceuis per Hue.
a
HAWVILLE
HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SNIITH, Proprietor.
S
I
We have on exhibition at The Busiest Store one of the best displays of Fall Goods ever shown.
m
à

> *
.
Vs*. „ £ff?&
I
if Your Turn next.
1
L
CEO. HYNES,
Our Direct Importations of German-made Jackets are the admiration of all the ladies. They are moving out rapidly. Come quick and secure first choice.
The Perrin Snlkey Plow.
JOB PRINTING.
All kind* of Job Prlnilng neatly and cheaply executed. Order» by mall promptly attended to.
t
The construction of this Plow is such that all dragging oil the ground or against the land is done away with, and as result, even with a heavy driver, its draught is lighter than any other plow doing the same work. 1 he width and depth of the furrow can be regulated with certainty by the drixer without his getting off the plow and without interfering with the management of the team.
Intending purchasers will be allowed to have a the plow to convince themselves of these tacts.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
JOHN A. COWAN,
a
Publisher.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
New Dress Suitings,
New Stock of Furs,
New Winter Blankets New Fall Underwear, New Overcoats,
New Hosiery,
New Blouse Materials.
- 1 # 1 % ' - ¦ — ¦
Our Fur Department.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq,	M.D..C.M.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Graduate of McGill University,-
Office- Residence of the lute Dr. H. H Knox, Shawville.
Office hour»—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
trial of

IN UNDERTAKING
A. SMILEY.
I also keep a complete stock of rune-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, NI. D., C. M.,
(
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate
of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by I	¦¦
examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
Orne» 4HD Residence : J.H Abmstsoeos House, | DlStPlCt BIlCl COUIltry. M AIN STRUT - • SHÀWVILL1.
The Best Assortment
The Largest Stock

and
OTTER LAKE.
LEGAL.
Thu funeral took plaça last Sunday to the cemetary nt No. 1 achool section ( f Mr. Frank Sinftenburg of Bdtlmouii*, Leslie, at the eatly age of a littl * over 21) years. IIu was a man very much et-eroed by all vs! o kn;w him, k»nd and , h iging to fall who had dealings with him. He n aid id with his father-in-law, Mr. 1>.
.	, F. Rsid, and leaves a son owing wife and
Boom 20, Trust Building, No. 4 bparKs g children to mourn his loss.
St., Ottawa, On .	Oj Thur diy, F.iiuy tm l Saturday
ühawvllle, second and fourth 1 bursilu) tliere were large fiangs of men at til» Otter
of each mouth.	j Lahe 11 »u«e g«»ing up for the Gillies B. Oi.
A g >od mai y «*f onr ne'ghhor* tot k in - ihf sights at the Cjpi’al lait week.
I Every sign of a to »d hunting «raton, ? |d er Ling plentiful all around here.
Mr. Will. Henry Gilpin, of Bristol, the guest of Mr Joseph 11 lpin, a few days ilvawetk —Mr*. Kobt. Farrell ard Miis Edith returned him o on Wednesday from a few w«cks visit t » fiLnds in 0> tiws, etc.—Meters. John Thonnoi. and D. Lunnm. of the Biy, were here Thursday aud Saturday.—Mr. Kteley rgar.t, fer the Messrs McLxren, went put here Wee’-nesday on his way t > 0 Uwa returning up Fiiday. - Miss'Mery Queale, left Sunday evening for Shawville, to take the train for 0;tawa Monday.
B0UHBE4U E1HV1LLE, L. L. t,
of Goods may be seen at
all stylish and
Wo never had such magnificent Furs
Ladies’ and Gent’s Fur Coats, Collars,
ADVOCATE . . IIHYSON
J. F. GRON AITS
prices very low.
Ruffs, Muffs and Capelines.

WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &c.,
:o:
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries,
Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, &c.
¦ — ¦ ¦—™**—— * “ 1 —*M*
If you warnt tho Best Goods at the Lowest? rices make your purchases at J. F. Gronau’s.
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
G.F.HODGINS
*
At
over 0. F. HodglnH* Store. Main St.
<Yfllco-
P. S.—Ladies’ and Misses’ Ready to Wear Hats very nobby.
CEO. C. WRIGHT
advocate» barrister» &c '
OK THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
was
TrURt Buil&s Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac District».
Public Notice.
rushing business with the livery; he also intends opening up a hoarding house. Some of our towns people have gone
to the Pan-American.
Our butcher, Mr. Snow, visited Christian Valley this week.
Hov. Mr. McGinns, of Webb wood,
conducted service in the Massey enure i
on Sun hiy; a large number attended.
A Sbtti kii.
PROVINCE OF QVEBCE,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real i state and resident house holders i f this Municipality, that the Collection Roll of School Taxes as established by the School Commissiumrs of this Municipality has been madj and is completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspect-
m
There has passed here for the several Given at Shaw ville, this Fouiteénth lumber camps a large number of men. day of the month of September, nineteen
The different stages from P. D. Fort, hundred and ogegggss^^ggsg Bryson and Campbell's, have had a pro
titable season.	.
Mr. John Moore, of Calumet Island,
is visiting her aunt at the post office.
Rev. Mr. Whillans held two services
here last week-at Win. Prior s on T uesday night and Win. Biown’s on Wednesday. Both were w* 11 attended.
Tlic Rev. Mr. Bole is very busy holding nightly meetings, and visiting am encouraging his people through the day.
I understand ho is going to hold special serv ices'hero in the near future, "it i Mr F ynn, of Shaw ville, to assist him.
One Who Watches.
Death Came Suddenly.-Mr. Wm.
Clarke, C. L. A., while in the Northwest, visting his son, Tom, took occasion also to vi-it his brother George, who resided »t Manitou, Manitoba, and whom he had not seen for many years. While engaged at dinner with his brother and other members of the household just before taking his intended departure for home,
Mr. George Clarke suddenly expired at
the table.	. „	¦
The late Mr. Clarke, was bornât Hazel-
dean, 82 years ag » and was a former well-own re ident of Ottawa city. He went to Ottawa when it was still Bytown and built and kept the 'International Hotel, at the corner of O’connor and Sparks Ms.
For some time the site of the \ . M C A. building and Bryson and Grahams establishment was his vegetable garden.
Mr. Clarke was long connected with the Ottawa Field Artillery, holding the r. nk of lieutenant. When the Mackenzie government commenced the construction o the Pembina branch of the Canadian la cific Railway, Mr. Clarke moved, with his family to Manitoba, and located lane at the place now known as Manitou.
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
•I
ADVOCATE, &Cm
LAW CHAMBERS }
smwm
correspondents.
We are Agents for
MAIN STREET. HULL, - • QUE.
-—
rpHE WINCHESTER
STARKS CORNERS.
S**pt. JO.—Threshing is the order of the d» y
Mr. and Mrs. A. Dag* are visbr g frierd« here. —Mrs. W. J. Staika is visiting her paie ts in O tawa.—Mrs. and Mies Thomson < f P. D. F. ipant Sunday at Mrs B S.nart’s.—Miss Mary Smart spei.t Monday at Rid fold.—Misa B. Grant a id Mias A . Murray, were ih i guca * of Mre.S. Smiley Thursday evening.—Mrs S. Young, and Mrs. W. Eidee, of Rtd-ford, spent last week Turing frtfnde in Cubden.—Misa E hel Starks, ia in Ot-r siting friondr.— MisD..vid Russell thi guest of Mrs. Wm. Smait.—Mrj. S. Fulford, spent last week vidting ftienda in Arnpiior, and A'monte — Mis» Ann e Quinn, spent FiiJay in P. D. F One of out; young ladies of Stony Bat ter is ge ting veiy smait. Siy, M. try and hold the reigna a‘little tighter, tl.e nex« time and dont let the horse get lame.
Fobal.
THORNBY.
W. W. IRELAND,
kV
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court. MoVw^etc.,e^mt?d leKXCe»ud%
SHAWV1LLE - -________
S. A. MAC KAY, B.C.L,,
LOAN OH BAST TKIIMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will he in Shaw ville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
"jTjTturner,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
mem
hotels.
Rifles and Guns.
T
QUE.
If you want one write us.
tawa. v
McDOUCA.lL & CUZNER,
W IS
MONEY TO
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
PONTIAC
WOOLLEN
Here it is ! The Place
GRBRMOUNT.
Hugh Matheson,
Sec.-Treasurer.
Several of our young men have already left for the winter.
Mr. ltobt. Dale, of Shaw ville, haa been up repairing the church and has made a good improvement upon it.
The Hat vest Service was very wel' attended. Rev. Mr. Lackey of P. D Fort, preached the sermon from the G7ih psalm : 14 T -praise tkea 0 God, yea, let all the people praise thee. " Itev. A. Ireland, incumbent of North damn ion, assisted in the The church waa beautifully de-
OHAWVILLE’S
V NEW
MILLS
St. Lawrence Hall,
SASH and DOOR
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
i. tiis text was Let all thoi eop’e
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bur always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
FACTORY.
Have commenced operations for the season and will be found thoroughly equipped to do a satisfactory trade with the farmers of the surrounding country.
Custom work will receive
careful and prompt attention, and the public may rely on getting the best satisfaction.
service.
corated with grain, fruit and vegetables.
The social was very g >od and enjoyed by all who were there.
Mr. Fred and Miss Ella Judd, were in Shaw ville on Thursday.
Mr. and Mr# Geo. Smith, were visiting at Mr. Wm. Ebert’s, Thornby.
o
In connection with my former busi-I have just placed in position a
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
^pairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
ness
set of first class machines for t lie manufacture of all kinds of
L #
il
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
end
k JEWELLER
&	KEEP*
SI A SELECT STOCK OP 'M WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE Ac.
Sash,
Carmen.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &c.
MASSEY STATION.
rf
-JS
Sept. 26—Thrilling is the order of day now, the hum of the mill can be heard in all directions.
Mr. Biggs, <>f Pembroke, visited at Mr. McDowell’s on Sunday last.
A new railroad is now Wing built from Massey to Seldom Seen mine. A large number of men are now at work on it.
Mr. J. W. W tty. of Cutler, passed through here on business this week.
Mr. John McCauley»has found a copper mine on his farm ; it is thought there is one on each of the adjoining lots.
Mr. James Caldwell has erected a fine
granary on his farm.
Mr. J. Wolsey, of Onslow, arrived in
Massey last week.
Mr. John J. Campbell is doing-a
n
V

ko
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first class work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future Increase In business.

ANDREW HODCINS,
DALE BROS.
3
J
Ai
Shawrille.
RerAiHiRp—
a Speciality;


SHAWVILLE, Ç.
p. g.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
The Almonte Kniting Co., of Almonte, having their mill enlarged and otherwise improved.
X
are
JE 6. ELLIOTT
Eight thousand people attended the Almonte fair last week.
Qilmour end HughsotVe big employing 400 hands, has hi d jwn on account of low water.
The rate of taxation in Carleton Pace
23 mil’s on the duller.—

this year is Smith's Fall rate is 24 mi If.
Advertise in The Equity,
mill, e i closed
saw
PROPRIETOR.
I

)
i

K

¦

A


###PAGE###6###
4

%
f
IN TM1 T1A-0UPI A «real many people lake pleasure In reading lea cup* It will afford you great pleawure If )ou une
CEYLON AND INDIA
ity of young children. <uid send them to sleep without rocking.
They arc said to euro n form of tractable insanity—namely, me lan-'' eholia—At any rate, if It Is of a mild type And they bring back color to the cheeks of anaemic and chlorotic girls.
There is no doubt that plants In the living-rooms promote long life. Hardeners are remarkable for their good health and longevity. The popular idea is that they owe these to tho spiell of the earth. Vrobahly tills really shortens their life. for earth teems with microbes. The gardener's good health is due, not to the earth, but to the pure and 07.011-ic air given olT by the plants he lives among.
moist air. As a rule, it is supplied by the steam - kettle. Dut growing plants achieve the purpose much better. Their'foots absorb water, and their leaves give it out to the air without intermission. The dry, warm air of a sleeping-room is answerable for a good deal of discomfort and Injury, not only in the diseases named above, but in all lung affections. It will repay anyone thus suffering to invest in a couple of dozen plants to moisten It.
Winter-cough is a very troublesome affection. When it occurs three or four winters running it generally becomes chronic, and passes into bronchitis—a disease which doctors cannot cure. Here, again, plants in the s’eeping-room work wonders. A great many people suffer from
LIABILITY TO CATCH
8



NATURAL LEAF

0-X&X3X3KT TEA.
CEYLON TEA, a< yo i got a very pie want aroma from tho oup
DAULY PITCHING AND HUKKDING.
Most farmers are keeping cows which hvnlly pay for their feed. Kx-perience has shown that the common cow may be made to produce very profitably
Minneapolis experimental says that in an experiment with cows no belter than the average, all the cows yielded a gross income of y 11 53 with butter at 15c per fl;. Tl o cost of feed was 830.14 per head leaving a prolit of $14.31) igun experimental station a bunch of 30 cows bought from farmers that state made a net profit of $317. difference is wholly due to a
V- - ---- ------
^ Van \A/firvf b*t mmiti s mi» *i; ytmt
t 1 JO U want BUTTER, ECO*. POULTRY, APPLE# ether FRUITS end PRODUCE, ti
The Dawson Commission Co.
Resembles Japan in flavor, but is never Impure—while infinitely superior in quality. It Is making rapid strides In public favor because of the above facts. Drinkers of Japan teas should give it a trial.
Prof T. L. Hawker of
station
AGENTS WANTED.
DIDN’T MEAN IT THAT WAY
The attempt of the small boy to <	*
be polite ended rather disastrously. A although not through any Inton- j j[Jlf tlunal omission on his part. He had been In the habit of supplying the
evening paper to a politician, a man j Vrngu Park, Warsaw, offers of correct business habits, who dis- for the money in the way of nmuse-eovered one evening that ho had monts than any place in the world, not the penny for payment.	Merry-go-rounds, swings, boats on a
That's all right1, said the boy : luko, and open air threat res are till you can givo it to mo to-morrow free for the admission fee of 5 cents
night,
• But. my boy, interposed the gentleman. impressively, 1 may not bo
nllvo to-morrow night.
Never mind, answered the boy, cheerfully ; HT be no great loss.
A shadow fell across tho statesman's face, and ho is still wonder-
ins whether the boy, ilenpito Ills .................
look of innocence, was thinking noie-. Simard 8 I KlllUfllt nClIMOl ItCDrillgia
of	|.rnnivr^^^™ggj™|
GfcNrg-lK YOU WAN!' A MSB OP fuet eelllng good* that g re you over profit. Mid sell in every bourne, write Tho r. K. Kara Co., 13J Victoria itreeb.
Ceylon Tens are sold In Scaled Lead Packets only. Black, nixed, Uncolored Ceylon Green. Free samples sent Address “SALADA,” Toronto.
SÂLADA
Toronto.
At Mic!
more
The Babcock !
IP ! tor thaw their (lain
to t on,l the scales are tin* best
; FLOWERS CURE PATIENTS
A good PLANTS ARE NOW USED SUC
I
VI
means and only practical way of distinguishing tho quality, plan is to weigh the milk of each cow once a week, morning ami evening, nnd keep a record of it. and then test it three or four times a year, mixing a lit tie from four milkings as a sample amount of butter produced by each cow is ascertained, on I it is easily
cows should
'
M nurd’s Liniment Cures llandnilT' ? P
CESSFULLY AS DOCTORS
GROWING GIRLS.
Violets and Roses Are Better Than Black Draughts, and Far
Pleasanter.
Australia has 00 million sheep. Cape Colony 11 millions, tho Argentine 70 millions.
OCCASIONALLY REQUIRE A TONIC MEDICINE.
In this way tho
Nothing is more generally believed be than that growing flowers in a Phis is the on- Keeping room are highly injurious.
It Will Keep the Blood Rich, Red determined which
ty way to get together a good dairy This Hilary has long ago been ex herd. Send your milk to some good plodecl by scientific botanists,
creamery, or make a prime article respected fariner in Soutli 1 cl lutm yourself, build up a good market ami township, NXcllami county, Ontario, st »rk to tho business through thick
It is with great pleasure ^^d thin.
and Pure, Strengthen Nerves and Prevent Decline
mm I NO THE SERMON
and
is tho strangest tale 1 c\or heard. But it's true. I was un admirer of Ijongfellow and one day while watching tho “village b!acksmithM l got a spark in me eye.
Hiram Hinkler, the wife of a
Mi
HEALTHY BABIES
Mr. Hnrdknsc—I always shun work or tho Sabbath and rest.
Kov. Mr. Longtalk—But do call going to church work ?
Mr. Hardkaso—Well, it's tho hardest kind of work to keep awake there sometime».
sa> s
that 1 give this tribute to the health restoring virtues of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills. W hen my daughter Lena, (now thirteen years of age), began the use of your medicine, a
Watchful Mothers Can Keep Their cold from the slightest causes, and,
Babies Healthy, Bosy-cheek- though they may never be very twl
they are often below par In point of
A little oil men I or linsml cake	* &nd HapP7‘	health. Tills tendency to slight
little	| pulverized given	to	the	moulting	Nothing in the world is such a	co,<ls is t.,,° to	" ,ll'11!’y °	!n.V‘
i year	ago. sue was in a	most	hens	will help them through	this try-	comfort and joy ns a healthy, hearty	rous	1111(1 ft>l* lllls	10 *”
etched condition. In fact we were ! ing ordeal.	rosy-cheeked, happy baby.	.racy nothing is better than an pui-
svi iously alarmed lest she might not ! As tho cluck* become half grown lia hies ran be kept InTperfcct health	•' tfrt)Wl,*K |»Innts.
îecover. The first symptoms were a and larger do not allow them to only by having at hand and adminis- 1 ° th,‘ s,(‘cpless ii few plants in feeling of languor	and	weakness,	' cr .\vd Into the nop that was	only	tot ing when needed some purely veg-	{room l.u<>	)'*wl ,	a	1	0,,!UIV’
gradually growing	worse.	She be-j large enough for them a month	ago.	et able, harmless remedy, and of all	«‘[dorai and su I ton a I	m	a chenus s
came pale, lost flesh, luid little or no j The fall rains will soon N* here this class of medicines llaby's Own ,°H- Ibeso lutter may gi\e m m-appetite and	was apparently going	• which will	make it had for the voting	Tablets are conceded to be the best,	rial	s.eep	f<>*‘ severe! mg Ids. »ut
into a decline, finally the trouble	chicks and	moult nig liens that	are	For constipation, colic, diarrhoea,	usually	they fail to have mue 11 oi-
I i-cainc complicated	with a	persistent	roost ing out of doors Better	get	simple fevers, sour stomachs, teeth-	foct' un C8S	J, M1	111	nijunoiisly
Mire throat, which	gave	her greiit them into the houses they me to or-	ing babies, indigestion and sleepless-	doses,	r nun	ten	to t\\H\e
dilllculty in	swallowing. 1 gave her	cupy	this winter	now	while	tho wen-	ness, these tablets arc n really won- ;	I»looniinR plants	in a bedroom	have
several advertised medicines.	but	tier	is tine.	derful cure. You can give them to	il delightfully soothing ellert.	am
they did not benefU her. Then she	See that the houses and yards in	the smallest baby without the slight-	refreshing	sleep	where	c\ ei > -
was placed under the care of a doc-	which fowls are to he kept this win-	est. fear. Dissolved in water, they	e,sv	fai,s-	*	lH‘ir	itdlucnee	does
tor, who said her blood was poor Km are free from vermin of all kinds [will be taken readily. They contain not Svovr slalei |,IVV l,rt)(luce a and watery, and	her whole system	n>w. It	is much easier to get	them	j absolutely not a	particle	of opiate	Permanent cure	of sleeplessness,	and
badly run down.	The doctor’s treat-	out now	than after they have	gone	|or other injurious	drugs.	They art	*vnvo n<>	vv** effects,
ment did not	help her any. and then	into winter quarters. Kerosene,	hot	small, sweet lozenges that any baby	*n	nursery plants ate a bless-
ncting on the	advice cf a neighbor, 1	whitewash	and sulphur fames	are	will take without objection, and	illK-	'* *:ev	'vartl °n *11,1 in,,raH.
began to give her	Dr. Williams' Pink	good vermin destroyers.	their action is prompt and	pleasant.	v<^ croup,	allay	the natural	iiiitahil-
I'ills. The coniidvncc with which this	To rid	the poultry house of vermin	They will tone up	the whole system
medicine was urged upon us was not	e’en a out all old nest material and	and make the little one as hearty
.misplaced, as I soon noticed a dis-	burn it. then go over the nest boxes,	and free from infantile disorders as
tinct improvement in my daughter's	the perche» and all cracks in the	any mother could wish,
condition. The use of the pills for a walls of the building with n «lose of | Mrs. Walter Brown. Milby, Quo.. few weeks longer seemed to complete- kerns me. using the common lamp says:	“I have never used any
ly restore her. and from that time : finer can. Oil is cheap and pénétrât- | medicine for baby that did him so sin* has been a cheerful, iight-hcartcd | jng HO (|() not be afraid of using a | much good as Baby’s Own Tablets, girl, the very picture of health. 1 gallon or so where it will do the > I would not he without them will always recommend Dr Willi a ms’ j most good,	Ms the verdict
Vink Pills to other sufferers, feeling| Provide a good supply of dry earth have used these tablet» sure they will prove quite as cffica- for dust bath purposes this winter—
(ions its they did in my daughter’s do it before the fall rains come on. druggists sell them or they may be -use '	if you have no room to store it or secured by sending the price direct
Mothers with growing daughters (j0 not care to take the time and la- i and the tablets will be forwarded
lor to do it. go out and get a Wagon prepaid. The Dr. Williams' Medicine
load and shovel it in the lien house. Co., Dept. T., Brockville, Ont.
__________________________________l’0*!1 ! 'J’he fowls will see to it that it is _____________________________________
them to develop properly ; will
make their blood rich and pure, and thus ward off disease and decline.
The genuine pills are sold only boxes bcaiing tho full name, ’“Dr. !
Williams* Pink Pills for Pale People" on the wrapper around each ! box. None other is genuine, no nint-tei what some self-interested dealer may say. If in doubt. s«*rd direct to the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., :
Brockville. Ont., and the pills will he mailed post paid at 50 cents box, or six boxes for $2.50.
you
POULTRY NOTES
4
The total length average woman's head is 55 miles question of time, but money.
of hair on an
ovoi
Per Over fifty Veers
Mm. Wiwslows Sootiuno Stmjf hu bee» used by
SOZODONT for t„, TEETH 25o IESSSSISHS
I ht-et remedy for DUrrlHB* Twenty #»e cents • bottle, Bold bf drugglfte throughout the world. Be sure u| eeh for "Mu*. WiweLow‘e8ooTMi«e »vmur.H
DURABILITY OF WOOD
In very dry atmospheres the durability of wood is almost incredible.
Pieces of wood, wooden caskets and
wooden articles have been withdrawn | That man his mental cogs can hold—
Last week ho roast ad; now-instend—
He seeks more rover for his hod.
FALL WEATHER
Tie queer indeed—when nil is told—
from Egyptian catacombs of an antiquity 2,000 or 3,000 years antedating the Christian Era.
W. P. C. I09S
CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
C./C. Richards A Co.
Hear Sirs,—Your MIN ARP'S LIN-fM ENT is our remedy for sore throat Colds and all ordinary ailments.
11 never fails to relievo and euro | A 0. Câhtert â Manchester, England
prompt 1
Port Mulgrnvo
THE TITLES OE NEWSPAPERS
The multiplicity of newspapers has not given rke to many new titles. Tho old names are used over and ov-
For mil skin ailment*.
There are seven newspaper
or again
titles each of which has over a bun «ire.I adherents in tho United King dom
CHARLES WHOOTTEN
SHEET METAL DOUOUtJM.ROS,
CORNICES.
Out.
Toronto,
This
of all mothers who
Advertiser is the favorite
there are 1(30 newspapers of that designation
150. N cws with 140
128; Chronicle with 120 with 110; and Journal with 101. The Expresses, Guardians and Observers
muster over fifty each forty-eight Standards, and only thirty-eight Telegraphs
original fancy names are mostly reserved for tin weeklies.
FEATHER DYEING
Times comes next with
rimy cost 25 cents a box
An
Gazette with Herald
UIwbUim sndOurllnf »nd Kid Glove* clesned Th ca«L, sect by poet, to per o*. the best pUo« U
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
MONTREAL
DIDN'T REACH TO H.
The young English tenor bad Veen asked to favor the company with a song, and responded with an interpretation oi
Dreams," in jvhich the singer's anti-
, nr irnmnn Pima	pathy, 10 lh0 lL‘Uer H Wtta pointully
A CLIPFIM lJUM	youn, man. said a blunt EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
plattsvlile ¦	SSSS?-
WHALEY ROYCE & CO., Limited,
will make no mistake if they insist upon the occasional use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
There arc
they will
Brass Band
The new and
made use of.
If your farm or hen ,vn»*d is short j of a gravel knoll get in a 111 before whiter sots in. when no hen
Thy
Happy Be
medical men are now beginning to supply use flowers to cure their patients.
In the Netiv York Hospital the flower treatment, is carried out bn a
+
Instrumenta, Drums, Uniforms. Kto
can grind without tho materials fur
It is time all surplus i very large scale. The top floor is cockerels were disposed of They j set aside as a convalescent ward, will never sell for as much as old	it is found that a day spent
roosters as spring chickens.	there is quite as effective in bringing
To keep the turkeys marching right back health as a day at the seaside, on toward their host at Tltanksgiv- The whole roof is of glass, with
see that they have n feed blinds to shut out the sun when the
up at thermometer runs up to seventy or
1 lowers, native mid
Iilshe I hot
II. nml the song is full oi cm.
1 beg your pardon, sir, replied the young man. with freezing dignity, you arc mistaken ; it doesn’t go any ‘igher than U.
MRS. J. BARNETT FIGURES IN AN INTERESTING ARTICLE IN THE LOCAL PAPER.
Toronto, Ont, and Winnipeg, Man
ing tunc
n ! of grain when they come
ight after their day's work of de- eighty degrees stroving grasshoppers and other in- tropical, fill the hospital cotiservn-sects. A varied diet or balanced rn- tory lion is better than a feed all of one
ENGINEERS'
SUPPLIES.
Asbestos Goods, Pipe Cowsrlng, rubricating Oils,
Orem os. ete.
WM. BUTTON COMPOUND 00.,
Limited,
TORONTO
»
S
if^uWoteuSPn
-II '4*> # USMSSin
w&A
FA* I f M--
1
SUNDAY CORONATIONS.
It is curious to note that sixteen out of the twenty-one English coronations that occurred between William Rufus and Eliza! oth, both inclusive, were held on Sunday each of tho exceptions there was a special reason Elizabeth not n single coronation took place on a Sunday.
Interviewed by a Representative of the Echo—Story of Her Trouble as Related by Herself—Her Opinion of Dodd’s Kidney Pills.
lack of knowledge of proper feeding and care. Now, if they can take the rows to some experimental station and make profitable producers of them, why can’t farmers do it them-t elves? There is no patent on their method.
The feeling of the dairy cow be-; gins the day it is born. The little) calf should Ik* fed a ration that will keep it growing and thrifty bat not one that will put on much fat. When A short time since the Archhish »p about two weeks old begin giving a! of Canterbury was delivering a s*:r-littlc clover hay and a little wheat mon in St. Philip’s Church, Ruhr an dry; begin early to feed a large mingham. The event had been wide-amount of roughage so as to enlarge ly announced, and n big crowd was the digestive organs
should be so fed that when she be- Passing through the church van I comes a cow the food she eats will shortly after noon, at a time when
FOUNTAINS PI,A Y IN IT
will pick birds sing, goldfish disport themselves in ponds, and the patients.
kind even for turkeys who
up their own living after harvest
Do not feed the pullets you expect weary from their sick beds, find it a to lay the wilder eggs the same ration you would do the hens you arc fattening for market.

For
veritable paradise. As a rule, people are only too anxious to get out of hospital, but these lucky New Yorkers are sorry when they become well enough to leave.
What is done at this hospital can be done at any private house that is necessary is to select a well-lighted room, and place as many growing flowers in it as it will conveniently accommodate
Fla Us ville. Out., Sept. 2.'t (Special).—The case of Mrs. .1 Barnett of this town was found of sufficient importance to be published at length in the PlntUviile Echo eentativB of that lire local paper she made tho following statement concerning her experience with Dodd’s Kidney Pills.
Dominion Line Steamships
MonUftsI to UierpooL Roetoo to Uier-pool. Portland to Liverpool. VI» Queens-
After the days of
Laris and Kaet Steamihtp*. Superior aeoemmodsWea lor all claim o#p»- mnfem. 8 dosas and Blatarooa* are emidahipe. tpechu attention baa been ^treo to tfi
To the repro-
MAKlNG SPIU
Müiard's Usinât for sale eneivihere
All
ftecoed Saloon end Third-Clue a-
retee of pawn** and aU particulars, #f the Cempear.er
“¦Mit
«3
applj to aaj
MAXIM.
Be sure you’re right in it, remarked the Quasi Philosopher, “then go ahead !”
“1 have been ailing for years, but
........ i. .m k.««-1IL* 'SSïiï
::	' srsirar srsars
be used in the production of milk the service was in progress, an old ,,n' x 1 11 Uu*' W1*j ,,,m	the back, up the spinal column and
rather than fat. It takes a certain	dame, quite at a loss to account	for	vantageous to the patient as to the j	Qf the head, through	the	eyes,
amount of food to sustain life and	the array of police	stationed at	the : flowers.	. left	side of the body and occasionally
the return wo got is from the food	entrance, inquired	the reason	for	Probably all diseases are benefited I ^	right side.
she eats above wlmt is necessary to	their presence.	l,.v {lie presence of plants in the ,.j	grew weaiCf for \ i)a(|	no	appc-
her maintenance, so it pays to feed	Tho Archbishop	of Canterbury's	room *tut; ta0 following diseases
111 orally.	a-p reach ing inside ! replied the con- ma-v specially mentioned :	=
‘ ' Ia ' lu
herself.	I if taken in the early stages, it would)
rffioulfl be fed by all means. Timothy j Good gracious f ejaculated hay, corn, clover and corn meal dame, as she hobbled away. Six
might be liberally fed and still the policemen at each door. They evi- pkiuts can favorably cows be starving, so far as milk and dently don’t mean to let him escape, oaso that baffles all the doctors butter material were concerned, then !	! the world? Very simply
Food containing protein is necessary.	----- plants produce ozone, and the ozone C(1 eo,Tesponded with my own, and I
The remainder of the ration may bej	„TIATl., Tnrrc iv	kills J*10, consumption microbes. ; startoc| taking Dodd’s Kidney Pills
raised in abundance on the farm and	“ 1 A E I REES IN PAMS. Even if the quantity of ozone be accor(qng to directions
some of the protein foods, but a Half a million shade trees are re- sma11, ,ias	__	had finished one box there was a de-
part of it must be bought in the, ported to have been planted in Pans A. VERY GREAT AGGREGATE cided improvement in my condition, form of cottonseed meal gluten feed within the past decade, and SItiO,- effect, for it is inhaled constantly My appetite returned, the pain was and so on. A good ration is about 000 a year is spent to keep them in during the greater part of the twen- lessened and I was able to sleep. I Hi lbs. of silage. 4 lbs. wheat brail, order and to plant new ones. Every ty-four hours.	have taken in all twelve boxes and
2 lbs cottonseed meal; the cotton 1 street of a certain width is entitled Whenever tho throat is affected, ns have completely recovered » (,d meal contains about 1 !b of to a vow of trees on cither side, in colds, bronchitis, diphtheria, and of my old trouble remains and I as-protein and the bran about Jff>. At while every street of a certain gieat- so forth, plants in tho room are in- cribe it only to Dodd’s Kidney Pills, noon good clover hay should be fed er width gets a double row.	valuable. These diseases require Dodd’s Kidney Pills are a wonderful
A small teaspoonful of salt should	_———_^discovery.”
le given with the evening meal. But	—	— •	—-	--------; This clipping is reproduced as It is
suppose this ration is given and*then	____ ^B	^	typical of the way so many women
the cows turned out and allowed to	^Bl	feel about Dodd's Kidney Pills,
v.o to the creek and drink ice water	g	&	111 & ^B M Bi g	Dodd’s Kidney Pills have been often
stand around a straw stack all	Jla Bi	truly called “Woman's best friend.”
duy. no benefit would be derived, as the feed would all he consumed in
The cow must
The ex-
vAvOODA P H QT O ÎF. N AVI NC,
J. l,Jones Tvg.C? : w
810 ADELAIDE MNv TORONTO
\ Yr»	V jWB V • Vf. î* .U j

The calf the very natural outcome
U
Deafness Cannot ba Cured
by local application*, a* they ennuot reach tho , d Incased pen ion of the ear. There is only ono way ta cure deafness, and that In by con»titu I tonal remedies. De.fws* D canned by aq Inflamed oondi ton of i lie mucous lining or tho
tile «ml night after night 1 could JKd*V™h»v^'»rùmbhnè «uîd^rlmp» not sleep. I was a physical wreck, feet hearing, nud when it H cntrjly cloned I was treated by doctors, but their deafness In tho result, and un ten* he inflam.
tho ! douh. [css often be cured altogether. , XulceTto 'read t 'hoddV A,man,u-
IIow is it that a dozen or twenty ()* . v|r*uc jn Dodd’s Kidnev Pills omeed by oitarrh; which in nothing but aq In
aiïect a dis- „ lh„ wolldor,ul curus effected by flamed condition of the mucoun .ur\ce,
1,1 them.
A DEPOSITORY FOR SAVINGS
A BALANCE RATION

where the most cautious may leave their money with Implicit confidence that it is not subject to risk of any kind is provided by the Savings department of
We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case or I leaf no** (.'»ui*ed by cat rrh) that can The symptoms' on therein explain- *‘lt on red by Halls Catarrh Cure, Seul
1 lor circular*, fn-o.
K J. CHENEY & 00.. Toledo. O
The
Sold by DmggbtF, 75c.
Hall'* Kami y Pills nro tho best
THE KIND.
Writing love letters requires great mental effort, said Hunting Yes, sentimental, added Larkin
THE CANADA PERMANENT AND WESTERN CANADA MORTGAGE CORPORATION
Before I
(
I
a
Toronto Street, Toronto.
Liberal rates of interest paid or utided half-yearly. It Is rtcog-
No sign
com po nlzed na
Hillard's Liniment fares Barns,
CANADA’S
PREMIER
COMPANY
That was rough on Davis. What ? He stepped on a piece of orange peel, fell, and was arrested for giving a street performance without a license.
CURIOUS MEDICAL FACT. *
It has been left to a Frccch physician to enunciate ns a curious medical fact that cancer rarely attacks persons who lead a dissolute life or those who have given way to driihk. Tho majority of the women attacked by the disease are active and energetic workers, and in a vast number of cases it has been shown without question that not one single jktsoii who has succumbed to it has been of dissolute habits.
$ tSoiJUL au ; iu &uk Ajsufa cr^ last*, „ UntuCtcuu t t&j, 't'/coxi
jAva -i$ tixJ&iuty	’tLùnCj -tLeU* u*t£f
ÿôt&st JLjbU Âÿ «ysu qti Ur, f9 -ttoU is
(î?Jon2àtn	/&,
àftCLcf fackik	—.	ÛJÜ £/?bCcZ$«
heating the body have a warm, light, well ventilated stable, a place where she may stand nr lie comfortably and contented, and half the battle is won.
aM>
Good for Bad Teeth Not Bad for Good Teeth
IN CHOOSING A BREED.
be sure to choose n good dairy breed
to it any breed to a pure bred sii of the same breed and family t iivn keep in the family breeds and then expect to produce all the good qualities nnd blot out the

U
After choosing a breed stick
nnd
Don’t mix
Out of three persons struck by lightning only one is killed.
bad, for it is uncertain business. By *	.	.
all means ruine your own cows. Save
thc Ci,lvea ,rom lhc l,cst coWe and ir Large Liquid and Powder
All stores or by mail fonthe price. Sample for the postage, jc.
23c. 23c. • 73c.
25c
they are bred right most of them Fill prove to be as good, if not bet-
SOZODON r Tooth Powder 25o
X


\

T
Jl
)

#
V
il
###PAGE###7###
«
r
FAILINGS omaoüs FOLK IffOOED ffITflODT WORDS.!
HINTS TO HOUSEKEEPERS. |#^<^*>*#****4*******f GIVE mhORlGS A FMU I'l Sl
,	,	. ii! *•*	V Before pronouncing tiny theory
Cut glass, real or imitation, shou 1	y A|.	T«|p A TWH X	false or worthies» ono should give H
havo the rough pattern brushet	V ||M	I Hr	h A K M X	faithful trial. To particularize, the	I NAPOLEON WAS SUBJECT
with a stiff brush in strong sud» If V Vil 1ÜL 1 /liVlfll î farmer who says the theory of shsl	EPILEPTIC FITS,
rubbed with a piece of flannel dipped t	j, low cultivation is incorrect ami	--
whiting .lry on the glass, then wash	RYE FOR DAIRY COWS.	ho has given lt moro than one trial.	Club Foot.
................11*1
Ti.oy	Tciu'îL.*“„,l.-ear sïïtxr:r,^r»™^trSiI
All finit» should he will sa\o t.iking the picture fioni the cjovc|. \y0 had plenty of it and the not be universally decried until by I the
frame to clean it.	. cows got all of it they would cat in 1 honest trials it is proven unwise.
An exchange say» that an old half a(lf|iUon to pasturugc and meal, worn paint brush is the best dish- whUo , (|i(J not cxpcct much of an rag ever used. It is ns much super- |ncr0ft|ic fmm Cows long in lactation
lor to the nasty little mops am any- jm(j continually well fed. I did ex- A recent experiment demonstrated poi thing can	be,	needs	never be dry,	t	a visible	strengthening of	the	the value of sunlight in stables;	As is well known
does not get	foul,	and	will last for	flf)W	Jt Wftg	just onjy visible,	and	twenty-four healthy cows, known or	William of Germany
years. It should	be a brush,	the	u|tholl,,i, j nm a crimson clover	believed to be	free from tuberculosis,	semi-paralysis of the left
butt of which is full	of old dry paint.	crank , wns forccd to record the fact	werc divided,	and one half put in a	his father, the Emperor Frederick,
After using rinse	and throw	the	Umt jn this trbl; tjiat clover gave	dark stable,	the others in a stable	died of a chronic affection of the
water out, and don’t stand it up. It	tetter results in milk than rye. into which the sun shone freely. Then throat.
is the finest thing	imaginable	for	As a on f(,<idcr for soiling, rye,	a number of	tuberculous cows were	Few people arc aware of the
washing milk-pans.	according to the best authorities,	procured and	kept at intervals first	curious throat trouble from which
really carries almost as much diges- with ore lot and then with the other. Lord Brougham, the eminent Lord tiblc protein and carbohydrates as | At the end of a year the twelve in Chancellor, war- a constant sufferer, crimson clover It is very much the dark stable were tuberculous and A’t the back of his throat there was above the cowpea in its green state only four in the other stable. Pien- a kind of pouch-like cavity, which in those elements, and I think from | t.v of sunlight and pure air lm the not only diverted the food from its t|,e trials I have made of it, I am Stables will do more alone to exter- propor channel but caused him *n-pcrfcctlv safe in recommending it to mina to tuberculosis than all the tub- <lnit0 pain.	v .
inv fellow dairymen as a verv desir-	crculin tests and consequent slaugh-	I-or(1 Byron, who was	otherwise	a
able	forage.	*	ter of suspected animals can do with-	magnificent specimen	of	a	man,	had
Cut when just forming heads and out these aids.	B club-foot of which he was anything
made into hay by curing in wind-	--- but proud. If, however, it detracted
cocks, rye makes a very | PLOWING IN A CIRCLE. from his appearance and nm c
locomotion, it aid not hamper his There could be considerable time genbls Jiyron was possessed of a saved by circular plowing* on farms ,norbid fear of going out of his with large, square fields of level land. What about the corners and centre? Set an apple tree in the centre. also in the corners. By this method there will be only one forrow in the field and no stopping to turn round. Moreover, the field can be kept level and smooth with a landslide plow. Some will say at first sight that there will be too much land left in the corners un plowed, but it won't be more than the headlands left to turn on in back towns where land is cheap.
*************
:
*
TO
SILENT METHODS OF " POPPING THE QUESTION.”
HOME.

2
I
How It la Done In the Different Countries of the World.
PRESERVING AND CANNING
A curious custom of dumb wooing prevails in Hungary, especially among the Nomads, or gipsies. Cakes are used as love letters. A coin is baked into the cake, which, at thu first opportunity, is flung to the favored object. Tbo retention of this is looked upon us a virtual accepts forcible return, an inti-
attentions
and canning wait upon this art when it is once learned
thriftiness of the housewife if it #hows various fruits tastefully preserved, writes Mrs. Joseph D. Trele-
ven
tance
mation that the
undesired
Dumb declarations of a pugnacious character, are still common among semi-savage tribes and peoples. In the Arabian desert, round about Sinai, the lover tries to seize the girl whilst she is pasturing her father’s flocks. She pelts him with mud, sticks, stones, and will be held in life-long repute if she succeeds in wounding him. Once driven into her father’s tent, the lover's object is attained, and the betrothal is proclaimed.
To he successful with fruits absolute cleanliness must be observed. This does not mean simply washing and wiping the cans; it means to have them absolutely sterile, sufficiently heated to kill anything that may fall into or upon them from the
nre
air
* If
The process 01 conning different small fruits varies hut little. Select, perfectly sound and fresh fruit. Hero is one of the secrets or keeping canned fruit.
Having generally grown the greater part of our fruit, it is picked and canned fresh, not allowed to get overripe, canned as soon as possible after being picked or gathered.
Fruits may be canned with or without sugar. Sugar takes no part in their preservation and often causes fermentation lightly cooked (fruit does not require am much cooking ns some nre ready to believe) that they may retain their natural flavor.
The cans should be filled to overflowing, for, as the liquid cools, it will condense rubbers, being sure not to use old end poor covers and rubbers, for these have spoiled many cans of fruit. When you arc ready for canning put the covers into cold water and bring slowly to boiling, allow them to stand in this boiling water until you are ready to use them. 1,00k over the fruit carefully, wash and put in a granite or porcelain kettle, then add the sugar (I use just enough to make the fruit palatable for table use); let stand a few moments to dissolve the sugar somewhat and extract some of the juices before heating them, then let them come to a boil for about a minute for most small fruits. Place the cans on a cold, damp folded towel to prevent breakage, fill to overflowing and turn tin* covers on tight; as the cans get cool lightened.
rapidly in this way than by filling
the jars with uncooked fruit and putting them in a boiler of cold water (the boiler being provided with a sack in the bottom) filled nearly to the tops of the cans and then brought to the boiling point, and let boil from ten to fifteen minutes, which I readily admit is the best way to have fruit retain its shape, but as far ns the keeping quality is concerned 1 do not think there is any difference.
The Eskimo smitten one goes one better, inasmuch as lie marches openly
about the bush, to his loved abode; seizes her by her long, strong hair, or her fur garments, and drags her to his lair of ice, or tent of
great
and without any beating
one's
for
has
. lato Commnnder-in-Chicf, the use of only one of his eyes deprived of the sight of other in the Crimean War, a days before the capture of Seba.sto-
He
skin
the
Words are not wasted by the Jap-
Hiving her a soft-
w as
few
ancse Romeo eyed, languishing look, expressive of all his heart-love for her, he throws a bunch of pale plum-flower buds into her litter, as she enters it to be carried to a friend’s wedding. She tosses the blossoms lightly out the suitor is rejected them in her girdle—the suitor is acceptable to her youth in love will creep hours, to his Juliet’s home, and fasten to the door lintel a spray of the
If at dawn it is taken
SUNLIGHT IN STABLES
the Emperor suffers from arm ; and
Scald the cans and

she fastens
Again, a Japanese in the small1
DOMESTIC RECIPES
same flower
in, or sprinkled, he knows that the maid is his; if it is left to die of
Quince and Lemon Jam —Peel, core and slice quinces, reserving the parin'.* s and cores for jelly. Put the quinces over the fire in just enough water to cover them, and stew until
The allowance of su-
fall.
RE IS REJECTED
In Spain the young man looks nm-but never speaks, until nftes
they are soft gar should be the same for this ns for the peach quarters of a pound to every pound of the fruit. It will take a good while to reduce the quinces to the requisite softness, and they must be stirred and beaten often with a
When the fruit
orous.
his acceptance by his lady-love. The girl neither speaks nor looks, but — she sees. Later, in the cool of the evening, the gentleman raps at her father's door and craves a gourd of It is, of course, given him.
manual ado—11 \ rce-
rows or
much more valuable and palatable hay than is generally understood among farmers. When made into hay it is handled much more nicely in the mangers if first run through the cutter. The cows will show their appreciation of this aid to digestion by not wasting os much as if the hay is fed long. On rich, well prepared ground, with two bushels of
water
Then comes the crisis.
If ho is not offered a chair within the porch, or a seat in the garden, he bows and walks away—a rejected man; if, on the other hand, the coveted civility is extended to him, he remains, a practically engaged individual.
the covers cun again be I con do the work more
mind.
Indeed, all poets are said U> be less mad. Cow per was ccr-
stout wooden spoon is well broken in pieces, add the sugar, and at the same time put in the juice of one large lemon for every two pounds of the fruit. Boil ten minutes after it has come to the boil, and after the kettle has been removed from the fire add the chopped
lemon for every five
This is a
more or
ta inly subject to fits of lunacy, as likewise Chatterton, who killed himself in a fit. of derangement The true of Rousseau, Cervantes,
was
same is Southey, and Swift
ALEXANDER POPE
The Yao Midos, one of the many Burmcse-Tartar
wives absolutely without words, but te the sound of music. On the first day of winter they have a great least, at which all the marriageable girls gather and listen to the music ' made by the bachelors, who sit under and around the "desire troe,’1 each playing hi» favorite instrument. As the maiden he loves passes him, the youth plays the louder and the more feelingly. If the girl ignores him and passes on, he knows that she will have none of him : if ventor.	she steps up to him and lays a flow-
Milton was totally blind when he er upon his instrument, he jumps up produced the masterpiece of his takes hcr by the hand, taking cars marvellous genius. From his youth not to drop the flower, and they
acutely from gout, wandcr 0(T into the moonlit woods.
When a Dyak of Borneo would woo the maiden* of his heart, he chivalrously helps her in the hardest portions of her uneasy daily toil. H she smiles upon him, never so sweetly. he does not immediately respond, but waits until the next dark night. Then he steal to her house and lightly wakens her as she 1^^ asleep beside her sleeping parents. The parents, if they approve, make no sign, but sleep on—or pretend to. If the girl accepts, she rises and takes from hcr lover the betel and and sweetmeats * he	brought her.
That seals their betrothal and he
neither speak-
SEED BED FOR WHEAT
pool of one pounds of the conserve, good and an unusual jam
Sweet Pickled
this pickle the larger-sized, ripe cu-cuniters arc the most suitable. Cut them into quarters lengthwise and allow them to stand for twenty-four hours covered with vinegar, them and put into a stone jar together for live minutes one quart of fresh vinegar, two pounds of light brown sugar, one teaspoonful of salt and one ounce of cassia buds. Pour the cucumbers and cover closely
Pickles—Choose
-, hunchback, with a very cans-tonguo. which once resulted in his being as good as told that he was "a crooked little thing that asks
impudent questions/*
Throughout his life Scott could only walk with a limp. As a boy ho was afflicted with para-
left him permanently
peoples, woo their
was a
seed to the acre, a yield of five tons of hay. is not uncommon.
Experiments in deep and shallow plowing for wheat at a large »vurnbcr of agricultural experiment stations show that the depth of plowing is not of so much importance with this crop as a firm seed bed, the upper three or four inches of which is mellow and in good tilth other cereals, subsoiling has not been found financially profitable.
Early plowing for fall wheat has been found especially desirable at a large number of the experiment stations. In many states it is a common custom among farmers to sow wheat after oats. Where this is done the earlier the soil is plowed after the out crop is removed the better the results will bo This point has
been well brought out by experiments Truly 'tis "the army and navy forât a number of different stations in ever" at Halifax, says a writer in all parts af the country.	the Boston Transcript. From morn- appcars
The value of early plowing for fall ing till night the bugles keep the condition, and although in the ab-wlie.it has lately been summarized by echoes flying about Chebucto Head. K(mce of his peculiar ailment he the department of agriculture as fol- in the morning you arc awakened by might have been a far more amiable lows: Farlv plowing, followed at in- the heavy clanking tread of the squad	his writings would certainly
tcrvalH bv hairowing, prevents the of the engineer corps going from the hav0 lost somc 0f tflicir most growth of weeds, conserves the mois- Citadel barracks to work on the new minont characteristics, turc ot the soil, keeps the soil in fortifications at Herring Cove. At J jkc Demosthenes, Charles Kings-good tilth and results in the forma- breakfast you are startled by the . was afflicted with stutteiing. but tion of a seed bed best suited for the booming of cannon in the harbor, ^ did not cure himself of the failing prompt germination and growth of and a waiter tells you that a r iench ^ d;d the famous Athenian orator, the seed. The cost of preparing the man of war has just come m and is practising speaking with pebbles ground is lessened, the yield of grain giving two salutcs-onc to the mill- ^ hjs mouth
is increased and the practice is finan- tar y commander of the garrison and perhap8 tho most famous of Eu-cinllv profitable.	one to Admiral Bedford, of the r‘t- ropoan surgeons was also the most
Many farmers roll the seed bed. On ish north Atlantic squadron,' whose nc;voug This was heavy lands this is of no advantage, i flagship, the Crescent, spends the Vjenna whose hands were subject to but on lighter soils it firms down the summer in Halifax and the winter at vioIcnt trembling. But he operated
Bermuda. Later on a British officer, wj(h such cck,rity that his hand
had no opportunity of trembling
tic
Cucumbers.—For
Sir Walter
BARLEY AND TEAS FOIt FIGS
In canning peaches and pears 1 peel, taking out pits or cores, keeping tliem closely covered, and, make a syrup, cooking only a small quantity in the syrup at one time, care being taken not to break the pieces, fill the cans with the pieces of the fruit, then pour on as much of the syrup as the can will contain and cover as for other fruit.
For canning apples I do not use and in this way they retain
Tests at varions experimental stations show that barley is an exceptionally valuable feed for hogs either fed alone or in combination with
Peao should always
Drain
lysis, which
lame.	,	...
The late James Payn, the novelist,
deaf, in which re-1,0 resembled Edison
Boil
As with the
other m mus be fed in combination with other foods, as they do not give good results when fed alone.
was extremely
the
epect
world-renowned electrician and in
over
Cucumber smallest cucumbers and absolutely
Put a layer of rucum-und scattered
the
perfect ones bers in a glass can through them fine strips of horse-radish root
with half a gallon of water, add to it one cup of salt and pour it cold
Fill the
ARMY AND NAVY FOREVER
sugar
their flavor and color and are just as nice for sauce and pies as fresh apples	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
to take care of some of our early apples which arc so perishable.
In canning ordinary plums washing I put a quantity in ft granite kettle and cover with cold water, let them come to scalding point then
gallons of water, which will make • a fcw minutes before the afternoon the skin tender and take away the ^ra{n got into the station the other puckering taste that some plums day a beautiful young creature waft-have, skim out the plums, add the C(f herself over to the man stationed sugar and can in the usual way. at t|)0 exit gate and proceeded to In making jams the fruit should be j bypnotf£c him. carefully cleaned and bruised, ns, Wil| you please let me through ? washing it before cooking prevents gbc snid appealingly, the fruit from becoming hard. Boil Can't do it, miss, it's against the fifteen or twenty minutes before ad- } ru|es snid the man at the gate, ding the sugar, as the flavor of the j But ; do so want to meet him fruit is thus better retained, then , wllcn he gets off. said the beauteous boil slowly*tor half an hour longer j yoyng thing, looking into the man’s Allow three-fourths of a pound of j cyefl search!ugly with her imploring sugar to a pound of fruit. Jams re- violet eyes. And he will be so disquire almost constant stirring and j appointed if I am not at the carri-cvery housekeeper should be provided age to meet him when the train with a wooden paddle spoon for stir-1 gcts jn.
ring jams and marmalades.	j The man at the gate looked and
I suppose jellies properly belong to j bcidtated. this subject. The juices of some pkasc, said the lovely young crcn-fruits will not form jelly and obly ture rustling hcr silk skirts nervous-thnt of n very few will jelly without ly and seeming to hang on the gate-sugar. There is no reason, however, ^ mnll's nod why jellies should always be made a. Wei| maybe I can take a chance, pound of sugar to a pint of Juice, j said the gateman, and he pulled the Quinces and currants as well as ^ gate open and admitted her. ordinary crab apple, cranberry and i s»posc she’s only been married a green grapes make better jelly when little while, reflected the gateman. only half a pound of sugar is allowed | and jicr husband’s coming back nf to a pint of juice. Small fruits, ter being away for the first time should be simply mushed and drain- since they were spliced, and U. Boil the juice and skim, have wantg to hand him out the big hug the sugar heated hot, then add slow- , before he’s moro n landed from the constantly stirring while the I carriage steps. Well, I guess we nil sugar is dissolved. Generally It	will ! haVC it that bad once in our lives
be jellied by the time	it comes	to ft	Rnvhow, and he	looked	thoughtfully
A little may	be tried	in ft	d(/wn the siding	where	the radiant
saucer; if it wrinkles,	or if it	bar-	young creature	stood,	impatiently
dene ftS dropped from the sooon. it tapping her foot	#(
is ready for the glasses and should Thc train pulled in a couple of be skimmed, strained and put into ] minutes after. The young them. If It is boiled too long it will rope, be like syrup and never go i the baggage-man back to the jellying point.	I miserable little specimen of a stuck-
For apple and crabapp'e ,el|y |ur, hideous, muzzled pug-dog, which wash thc apples and quarter without ghg took in her	¦
paring; put in a granite or porcelain- down with caresses, lined kettle, cover with cold water Ag gho passed out of thc exit gate and bring to boiling; turn into a jel- with the pug in hcr arms she be Iv-bag and drain, boil and skim, add | gtowed a bewitching smile upon the
boil and skim and pour i
up he suffered which was thc primary cause of thc
loss of l is eyesight.
As anybody could gather from his works, Thomas Carlyle was a chronic dyspeptic. A state of irritation
to have been his normal
From Morning Till Night the Bug
les Sound.
Mix a gallon of vinegar
This I consider thc best way
over the packed cucumbers jar overflowing and seal immediately
after
-o
SO ANXIOUS TO MEET HIM
pro-
departs as he came
ing
NOR BEING SPOKEN TO
Billroth, of
The language of flowers" is, in
dumb, but expressive worthy the attention
every way, a tongue, more
of lovers than it generally receives A young lady once had sent her what may be called a "flower let-in a large, oblong, but shallow box was a series of different blossoms, arranged on a flat bed of dump moss in such fashion and sequence that, beginning from the left, hand, and reading the meaning g would read an ordinary letter, a
of love and marriage
i
seed bed, thus insuring a more even germination of the seed and a more every detail of dress and manner the certain contact with the soil water ; perfection of good form, gloved mid "otituined in thc subsoil, and would booted and spurred, drops with clink-tCem to he desirable, especially in , ing sword into the seat beside you on
±ra.	si- «¦$.	53
t,„ ....... plains, cxc.pt In
ter
SONGS OF BIRDS
Henri Coupin
A French writer
says that, notwithstanding the fact of their simplicity, thc songs of birds cannot be imitated with musical instruments because of thc possibility of reproducing their peculiar timbre. The notes of birds, while corresponding with our musical scale, also include vibrations occupying the intervals between our notes. The duration of birds' songs if usually very short, two or three seconds for thrushes and chartincnc*
five seconds for blackcaps
as
im
you
declaration
the interpretation.
The flowers lay in order following:
Red Carnation. Penchblos-Rose, Fourlcaved Clo-
of marines are having sword drill on the Crescent, their sabres flashing
At 12
was
This is owing to POP ness of surface is valuable for holding moisture and checking the injm-ious action of dry winds. 'I he seed led should be made very fine and mellow before drilling, and whenever possib'o thc drill rows should be run east and west. Strict attention to such general principles as the foregoing will result in an increase in certain seasons of as much as 5 or 10 bushels per acre.
Acacia
som, Winter##	. .	.
Browallia Jamisomi, and lastly, Stcphanotis.
Rightly read, the message was : "Alas! for my poor heart, it has a secret love for you. I am your captive, relieve my anxiety. 1 ly with be mine, and if you can bear
want, bear with my love, and ac-
to the East, whither 1
rythmically in the sun o'clock you set your , watch by the ¦gg	¦ After supper—
"tea’’ it is in Halifax—you sit on thc hotel porch and watch two thousand Tommies stroll by in all varieties of uniform, but always with the same little cane, the day’s duties over, now mostly nwooing bent.
twilight dies away you make U your mind to take a lonely row up
moonlight, the harbor you sec the black bulk of the flagship lit up with colored lights. A little later you hear the lip's band strike up the
in honor of the visiting There is an interval of
Blue Danube”
ver
boom of cannon
sh<
ed
four or
but from two to five minutes for the

ly
lark
me
FATALITIES AMONG SAILORS.
In wrecks of merchant ships last some 1,040 sailors perished. Of _ employed in sailing ships one in eighty-one was drowned, while of those employed in steamships thc proportion was only one in 343.
boil
company me
As
g<>
up
Fortunately the young lady in question, though willing favorably to respond, had a prudent mind. Having also a prudent mother, a spray of "Lady's Slipper" was, by arrangement between mother daughter, forwarded to thc happy
year
men
barn cellars
Northwest arm in thc As you push out into
The cellar of a barn may be used for winter quarters if it is light and drv. in fact, no better place f
could be selected if thc fow Is are
In summer thc cellar
woman
alongside the luggage van, and
handed her out a
ran
xv in-
an d
lei
Marsel 1-
xvell cared for may be too fur away from the range. It is also well to arrange a portio» of the barn above the cellar, if con-xeniont; but there should be plenty of light, as fowls object to dark locations. One point to obserxc is that many would use barns and cellars but for fear of lice. Keep the places free from lice and there is no reason why the fowls should not be located in a portion of the barn. But unless one is willing to keep the quarters clean, no greater nuisance exist than that of allowing poul-|| J be with larger stock. Troughs must not bo selected as nesting places, and fowls should not rest on the partitions of the stalls. When they begin to use the entire i it is time to clear them out to e other location
isogg#
Frenchmen
silence and then the floats out across the water, and you realize that the officers of the fleet are givir^j a ball on the flagship; so you draw your boat close up under thc shadow of the ship and listen to the music and voices and watch the gay uniforms and dresses. Oi 7# you are a casual tourist here for a day or two, you give up your lonely in the moonlight and make up mind to come to Halifax again
arms and loaded
WAR AGAINST SPITTERS.
British health officers arc now planning a crusade against expectoration in public places. They propose to begin in the railway cars, and urge Governmental attention to the menace to public health that lies in the lack of thorough and frequent cleansing and disinfecting of public vehicles.
D This was equivalent to its actual
Wm
meaning in flower language me, and wear me."
gateman
the sugar
*' H tfcejelly seems thin it will help
thicken by standing in the sun a , Thorc day or two.	.	. sleepers to a mile of raiHvay.
prefer to keep all canned fruit m T were talking of thc vanity of a cool, dark place, because tWwomen, and one of the few ladies
ÏÏÏ X rst *%£ % I =!- ZSZLf, "=....
patience can master |thce^<rOIiflllies broke of!, the necktie of the hand-
produced?
Only one-eighth of cultivated Fng« land is farmed by its owners,
Little three-year-old Minnie day having done something strictly against orders, her mother Minnie, I don’t know what I had really better do to you. Drawing a long breath of relief, the little miss said: I’m awful glad you don’t, mamma, and marched off, taking II for granted that the matter settled,
an average 2,000
are on
to
Then, if
one
I
y
There have been 201 Italian Popes, only 1 English, 1 Dutch, 1 Swiss, 1 Portuguese.
The first mention of shoes as apart from sandals is in an Egyptian papyrus 2200 D C
The amount against fire in London is 910 mil-
I lions.
/
row
your
next year and bring letters of introduction and stay a fortnight or two perhaps.
said
Of
can
try to
of property Insured
wai
Coal stands for 85 per cent, of all minerals dug.
I
*
k.

L
>
v


i
###PAGE###8###
et:




y





QUR
E. HODCINS 6 SON'S A DVT.
STEWART’S
B00T&SH0E STORE
•fc» » m.

Ready-rçade ® ®
® s Clothing I
LEADERS:

!
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue
20th Century Umbrellas at- -
$15.00
We are offering special values Rubbers, and we are confident we can give you entire
satisfaction, if you only try us when you need any style of
Rubber
in
High-class Goods, guaranteed no shoddy ; manufactured specially for us in August, 1901, by W. R Johnston & Co. of Toronto.
$12.50
Quality, Finisl, stylo anil Fit almost Perfect
$1.00
«

I


e X
H. NJcCUIRE.
-	$0.50
-	3.75 $3.75 to 4.50
Men’s Fall Suits at
Boy’s Fall Suits at - -Pea Jackets
1
Ladies Rubbers :
ADDITIONAL LOCAL ITEMS.
Il
The annual Sunday 8chc.nl Institute in confiée*inn wfth the Rural Deanery of Clarendon, will be held this year at Sh wville on Thursday, Oct. 24th.
%
I
Overcoats and Ulsters
For Men and Boys.

V
Ve*w
I
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.

The annual moetieg of the Teachers Ans., County of Pontiac, wmi hold on Sat unlay afternoon, Sept 28th, in the Shaw ville Academy. There were pro-sont the new Principal < f the Academy, j Mr. VV. l>. Arinitage and cloven teach-,
A rende t con Naylor and the Rev. Austin Ireland. The following officers were elected for the ensumg j	£^Ct, MOBÉS? MS? 13, 1901
The Elma
A neat, stylish and durable Rubber with toe-cap.
9
Heavy Tweed Pants,
Summer Time Card Sold everywhere for $2.00. Our Price $1.60.
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
crs, the Ven.
year : —
Pie*., Mr. W. D. Armitago; sec.-treas., Miss Mable Armstrong; Vice-Pres., 1st, Miss McCnskell, P.D.P ; 2nd, Miss McGregor; 3rd, Mr. Armstrong, Bristol.
The Programme Committee to consist-of the above officers together with Misses nil j Jennie Armstrong. Mathaeom, Hunter,
A very Pretty ana strong Rubber “r;:";1	..a
with rolled edge. An extra good
j will be held on the last Saturday m <>ct., wearer.	at which a paper will be read on “The
changes of the course of study and how these changes affect Eloinctary Schools
Train No* 1 leaves Ottawa 5 00 P. M.
Train No. 2 arrives “
Train No, 3 leaves "
Train No. 4 arrives “
Train No.0 leaves “
Train No. 6 arrives “
Train No. 8 arrives l T.a:u N" 7 leavss
Trains N ». l an l 2 daily ext - pt Sunday
Train No. 8 and 4 daily except Saturday & Sunday.
Trains No. f. and ti Saturday only.
Trains No. 7 and 8 Sunday only.
K-r tickets apply Ticket Agent, Ventral Station.
P. W. HE8SEMAN.
Uen’iSnp't.
8.45	A. M. 8.00 A. M. 0.15 P. M. 1.30 P. M. 8.10 P. M.
7.45	I*. M. 0.50 A. M.
We stake our reputation on these goods. They are new ; have not been lying on our shelves for years ; the materials are not rotting with age, but they are thoroughly up to-date, twentieth century good in every respect.


Pearl
4
4 •

I
1
E. HOGGINS & SON.
O

Official Time Table :
Calling Friend Martin to Account

High-cut or Storm
The ideal Rubber for rainy weather to keep the feet dry.
AM.
K.M.
9
Arrive 9.45
Aylmer tBrerkenrUlgo PEardlvy Parker’s Crossing t* Mohrs t^iiyou Wyman's tTana Bristol McKee's Sîiawvllle Clark's
Campbell's Bay ?Tank Î* Vinton Coulonge ‘Mellon's Waltham
>.15 Leave
A correspondent in last week s < Ittawa ^ Valley Advocate, takes the oliter of that j 3.12	“
journal to account for some of the pro* I 5-	*'
election prophesies that lid made last autumn in his great, zeal to secure the I ii17 " elect i n of Pontiac’s Pembroke l-eprv-J® 0 eentative, Mr. Murray.

il
9.21
9.00
• 1
/*»
• •
8.58
8.50
8 28
.1
• 4
Sâ
8 10
«•
8.37

8 22
41
8.11
Guns,
Rifles,
Ammunition,
• •

8.08
44
1.58
44
The writer
8.02
• 4
* •
? iH
7.52
1M
44
VS:	lt | 7 45	••
** A year ago you devoted considerable 5.00
space in your paper booming Thomas Ug ;;
Murray as the right man for the electors
of Pontiac to elect as a member of the 11.17	•«
1-55 Arrive
7.31
44
7.18
44
7. lli
44
7.00
I 4
I
1.30
6.64
44
41
6. .SO
44
Men’s Rubbers :
Leave 6.30
What have you
Hou e of Commons, now to say.for all the promises made by Mr. Murray, yourself and others, during that campaign ? We were told that a | ™ Aylmer, great effort would be made to erect a bridge over the Ottawa at Lapasse. We were told that our chances were bright to get the bonus removed, told that a railroad would be built through the county. In fact H jj told that our isolated position would bo very much improved, and the party would be placed on a footing worthy of recognition. What have you to say regarding the fulfilment of these promises ?
I see you are now advocating a bridge from Pembroke to the Allumette Island.
Complet j one before introducing another. ’
•Flag Station. tTank. VFlag Station. Connecting with Hull Electric Railway

P. W. RE3SEMAN,
G EN EK AL SUPERINTENDENT



We were
we were
The Montcalm
A very dressy Rubber witlj toe-cap. Excellent value.
L
KAlLffAY
9
AT
i

# e
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
OTTAWA 6c MONTREAL.
ARMSTRONG BROS

M
LADYSMITH.
of the above 0n 8,1,1 *fter June lti, 1001, ami until further advised
train Berdec will be as follows :
Friend Mart n disposes group of knotty interrogations by stating
that with time Mr. Murray will perform I Trains leave Ottawa Central Ik pot:-
2 « MtrMiL £2 KTEHHSe
things cannot bi done. . Just so, and in | for Cornwall awl points wvet.	j
that event it will doubtless occur to the t-8.00 A.M. Sundays only—Stoi s nt intermediate average mind that, after all. the kind of |	^ UM'
-,presentation we ale getting from Mr.	p M Limited—Stops So. Indian, (,',ra Rv-l,.
Murray, is in no sense an improvement Alexandria and Coteau June, only, ^
on what the coun-v h« received for
many years previously, and against which all pomts east of Montreal. For Valle?Held and
so much has been said and written by Ail points south of the 9t. Lawrence River. 8t.
, • r •	Albans Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7.00 a.
Ills IrienUS.	I m New York 7.20 a m. lias through Bullet sleep-
ing Car. Ottawa to New York.
t0.55 F. M. Local-Stops at Intermediate htntions. Arrives Montreal 10 00 p.m. Con flints at Coteau Junctlou for Cornwall, Kings ton, Toronto. Chicago
Champion,
The latest style, with rolled edge and warranted not to cut.

P. S.—Hardware.

CV


Snag Proof,
The best Rubber for the bush and guaranteed not to stub. Wears like iron.


Manitoba’s Wheat Crop.

etc.
OWING TO HEAVY RAINS MUCH DAMAGE
IS FEARED

Trains arrive at Ottawa C Miami Depot :
a!2.20 P.M. Local -from Boston, New Y->rk, New England and Montreal at 0.15 a iu. man Parlor and Sleeping Cars attached.
<9.05 P. M. Local— From Montreal, and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and points west, lias Pullman Parlor Car, leaving Montreal at 5.45, p.ni.
a 6.5$ P: M. Lhiiited—Fi om Montreal leaving at 4.10 p.m; Has Pullman Parlor Car.

lias Pull-
Winnipeg, September 25 —In v ew of the wet n ca lier the enormous quantity of wheat «till in shock and the limited facilitas for tread,ig the sime by drying, the elevatt r companies have decided to stop buying for a time in hopes that
farmers wi 1 abstain from threshing till	...	.	...	.	. .
the grain has had an opporiu lity to dry | MlClU.16 <HlCl W6S16FII DlVlSlOîlS. in the shock which it will do more quick y	to AND FROM TIIE WEST,
than in any other way, and will eecue	(Dally, except Sunday)
better prices to the producer and less risk trains leave Ottawa Central Depot : to the dea'cr. The elevator comp mu s 8 15 a. M. For Arnprior, Renfrew. Egan ville, Vc 7.. arc prepared tn receive and .hipfor farm-	c.nocL.k., Tarry
er. at their n.k of grad , and coed,non.	p „ For Ant|,rlor. „,.,lfr,Wi Egaliville,Pcm.
The above statement, which emanates from i,roke, Madawaska and intermediate stations.
the Winnipeg grain exchange, .how. that ,.00 P. M. Mixr,! Tr,l„ f,r Arm.rW, R,nfrcwTflfl 11 a-4 ... tlnre are grave fears fo I I e wheit. Tl-e RgauvMe, M;utuw aska and intermediate stations. I wcLll Cl HQ, SCO iJlGIlle
SSSKr	J
threshe l and aeveia1 prominent grain ville. Renfrew. ArnprbT and intermediate points, men state ! yesterday that unless the rain 5.55 p. M Piom Parry Sound, Eganville, Ren-stopped the crop would bo ruined. A frew. Artiprior aud intermediate points.
MS?,..-5. H s«
has considerably interfered with the do	Ottawa ticket offices
corations in the city.

We have just received another large assortment of Ladies’ and j Gent’s Rings from the best ring makers in Canada
O
We have a full assortment of
the celebrated Granby Rubbers
including Men’s and Ladies Long Rubber Boots. Every
pair guaranteed.
;
A pleasure to show goods.
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
M. STEWART
y
Central Depot, Russell Bouse Biol
J
the elfC ric chair during the last week of v Trains ran daily except 8.unlay, this mouth.	I b. dunday only. c, Daily.
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
SHAWVILLE.
# #
# #
# e
# #
. . SHAWVILLE.
MAIN STREET

x
Lé\
iJ

v >






l
V r
JE





