###PAGE###1###




V

Voi XV, No. 12
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONIAC, P. Q., THURSDAY,; SEPT. 0
1897
!« SUBSCRIPTION
< One Dollar % Year In advance
“ THE EQUITY ”
BANK OF OTTAWA
Fall Caps fur men and buys ; just open ed a large range. O. F. Uoduins.
Mr. A. J. Jackson has re-painted the ob territory of the Pontiac House.
Mr. Lewis Hudgins is erecting a commodious stable on his property un Court
All Millinery at reduced prices ou Ex-1 hi bit ion Day. Call. Mrs. J. MuCkrdjk.

Boy’s
School
Suits,
Is issued from the oflice of Publication, Shaw ville every Thursday.
Head Office Ottawa ( anuria.
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,600,000.00 ......................$1,006,000.00
A New Dress—our new dress materials are the latest in weave and colorings ; them.	,T. H. Shaw
see
Rest
Subscription, $1.0p ro<> Annum

An essay entitled, “Our Farmers and eir	unavoidably
E A couple of second-hand Twelve	issue
Horse Powers on trucks for sale
Hoard of Director» :J Chakleh Maciee, Ekq., President.
G bo rue Hay, esq. ,Vice-President.
Joan MA ; urn. E Davii» MaiLarkn, Bsq.
St,
Advertising rates made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parte of the country.
Dr. Allen's " Pearly Pebbles1 bave a record of more cures than any other remedy on the face of the earth. For sale by O’Meara A Hodglns, Quyon.
Two of our local farmers—Messrs. H. Hobbs and George Hynes—had their threshing done last Wednesday by Mr. Adam Elliott’s steam outfit.
Mr. Thomas Mc.Tanet, a Bristol boy, who for a number of years has been teaching in Ottawa, has lately been ap« pointed Principal of Central School West.
How. 0to, UrvaoW, Jr Alex. Fhamek, K„y.,
A. S. Smart
Dknmh Mvri hy, E*q.
ftt* Birth. Marriage and Death Notice» Inserted free; hot obituary lines, or “poetry” will be charged at the rate of Scents per line money toaccompany tbemauuecrlptmevery case.
Mr. Arthur Smiley's business stand has been Improved in appearance by a coat of paint.	m
Messrs. It. Strutt and Thomas S ville, of" Pembroke, had two valuable hounds poisoned last week.
Mr. Jos. Smiley, lately with Mr. G. F. Hudgins, is now in the employ of Edward Hudgins & Sons.	"
Mr. Andrew Hudgins has contributed to the appearance of his residence by having a neat Verandah erected.
S. M. Rogers, of Ottawa, who lost so heavily through the defalcations of the absconding Hubbell, has assigned.
Mr. Charles Frame has adorned the front of his business stand with a hand some sign, the work of A. J. Jackson.
A. Lumsden's sweep, in charge of J as. Thomson is now at Deux Rivieres. They expect to be at Des Joachims this week.
Agr. Society No 1 held another meeting on Saturday afternoon, to further perfect arrangements for the exhibition next week.
Dont forget to have your photos taken on Show Fair day. Mr. Green, photographer, will be at his gallery, Pjntiac House, on that day.
From appearances thus far, we judge Mr. R. G. Hudgins will have a very
iocat and ©entrai. Safi”’;;.:.;;
GEORGE BURN D. M. FINN IK
General Manager, (Lmnl) Manager
A GINER XL RANKING l;l>IM ~-TKAN8ACTBD.
J. A. CO WAN, Publisher.
mer
Drafts Issued onall Ranking joints United Males and Great Britain,
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Beposlt Receipt at current
In the Demi
Ion
AT
rales
REID BROS
Hum* of #1 and upwards received U Havings he partnn nt. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. m. toe3p. ni. Satuiday 10a.m
to 1 p. m.
DltESHMAKZNO
Mies T. Taylor desires to announce that she has opened a dressmaking shop in Mr. S. Young's residence, Shawville. Buys suits also made tu order.
Dr. L. MULLIGAN,
•MS. HOPE* Co.
U AN U F ACTURI.NO STATIONER*, BOOKSEL IJJ. 1er*, Bookbinders Prlu*ers, etc. Depositor) f the Ottawa Auxiliary BlbleSoetety,Ottawa,Ont.
The Arcade Store.
Veterinary Physician and Surgeon
Graduate of Ont. Vet. College,
When Mr. Pat tie of Carleton Place, was at Baie des Peres recently, he saw a bark canoe of wnndetful proportions, and ho has been telling the Central Canadian all about it. It was 3b feet keel, <» feet beam, and 2 feet 4 in. hold. Its capacity was 36 men and 100 bags of Hour. It was 18 years old, yet the paint was as fresh as the morning, and the letters of Rob Roy and the Scottish Thistle were yet un touched by the tooth of time. The boat was built to meet the exigencies of the portages, but has been superceded by the Company’s steamer, and is lying in the yard a strenuous emblem of the heroisms of the earlier lu mb: ring age.
QUYON, QUE

B. S. DOWD, M.D..0.M.
For $2.50
Treats Diseases of all Domesticated Animals Office at Amur's Livery Stables.
M. D., C. M. Tanriiv : L. R. C. P. à S., Edinburgh Lkbktiaik or Faculty or Physicians and
SuitoeoNs, Glasgow,
You can have your choice of our Boy’s Best Tweed Suits. 200 of them, regular prices from $3 to •*•"> each. This is what would commonly be called a "genuine snap,” and is offered for one week only.
Call and inspect them.
Our time is yours.
Office A Residence In late Dr.,A*tle>'s House, Qny Office hour*
Court Shawville,
No. 276.
&ÏO.E j
8 to 12 a. m. and 7 to V p. w

S. J. MCNALLY, Ml 01
Physician, Surgeon and	L B C %
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
X. W. Morrison, R 8. H. 8. Barnett, F b
J. A. Smith, C.R.
Accoucheur.
Office - Campbell's Bay
Notice to Exhibitors
artiicr McConnell,
à TTORNEY AT LAW, Main 8t. Hull, zA Qua, will, at request, attend al Icourts n thedlatrlct. Allcorrespondenceprompt*
y answered.
Will be atdbawvllleflrst Thursday ofeacb month.
The 6 per cent, entry fee, and three entries or no race, applies only to the sports, namely, bicyle and foot races. It is not necessary to be a member of the society to compete in the above races.
Parties attending the exhibition, members or non members, can take their teams and rigs into the ground with them free of charge. There will be lots of room to tie them to the fence on the east and west side, north of the old ground .
Entries close on Thursday, the 9th inst. ; but it is not a cast iron rule. Par ties wishing to enter will not be refused up to the night before ; but please do not ask me for new tickets on the morning of the exhibition.
Positively no money will be taken at the gates. Secure your tickets at the ticket office and enter by the turnstile.
E. Graham, Sec.-Treas.
O'Meara A Hodgins of Quyon sell more Dr.
than all other

Diphtheria is reported to be raging at Allen’s " Pearly Pebbles Chalk River. '	remedies combined, In Pontiac county, be
—IfjppMt cause they never fall to give satisfaction A number of people are complaining | They cure ; that’s it of their potatoes commencing to rot
o
HENRY AYLEN,
ADVOCATE
Hull» - - - Que#
REID BROS.

Messrs. Silas Young, J. Eudes, T. .	Eades and XVm E*des, spent several days
ciate at both services in St Paul s church iaat wetk Ashing at Bear Creek. They
on Sunday next.	returned on Friday evening with about
Extensive range of Tweeds and Serges | *’0 pounds of fish for our tailoring trade just received.
G. F. Hodgins
J
Rural Dean Smith, of Hull, will ufflci
THE ARCADE STORE, ARNPRIOR, ONT.
Mr. Aylen will regularly attend the sessions of the Courts at Bryson
Good Chance to get your Photo.—
Mr. J. VV. Greene, photographer, of Am The Sunday School Institute of the .)rjorf will be at his photograph gallery, Rural Deanery of Clarendon will be held , pontjac Rouse on Wednesday, 15th inst., here on Oct. 12th next.	I Exhibition day. Come and get your
CEO. C. WRIGHT,

P S.—All lines of Bushmens Supplies complete and prices most favorable to you.
!
72 MAIN ST. • HULL QUE.
We still lead the procession in Foot- | photos taken Now opening a large stock of
J. H. Shaw.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, on Court days —6th February, 6tli April, 1st June, 1st October and 6th December.!
Will attend all law courts In Districts|of Ottawa and Pontiac If required.
Some of our citizens are complaining now about the gap in the sidewalk at the corner of Mr. Robt Hobbs building,
wear est goods
Service Notice.—Sunday, Sept. 12, 1897 : S. James' Church, Bryson, Morning Prayer and Holy Communion, 10 30, a. m.
During the past two weeks the Claren .	......	,	,.
don Cheese tfc Butter Co, have shipped Main street. They think this gap should
210 boxe, of prime cheeee.	be filled up by a properly constructed
driveway. rI he town fathers will please Ask most any person you meet from Quyon | mftke note of the
about; Dr. Allison’s * Pear y Pebble*
sale by O’Meara A Hodgins, Quyon.

Evangelist Shaver Decamps.
Bailiff William Elliott left here early on Wednesday morning last armed with a warrant for the arrest of Evangelist Char lie Shaver, who was charged with having eloped with a daughter of Mr. George Thomas, a respectable farmer of Clarendon Front, with whom Shaver had been stopping for some time past liott—who was accompanied on his mission by a brother of the missing girl—expected to overtake the man he wanted at Pre#cott, but the latter, very discreetly for his own safety, lost no time in cross mg over to the domains of Uncle Sam, taking the girl with him. Elliott and his companion ascertaining this, promptly took the trail and located the pair at the house of a farmer named Crawford, some thirty odd miles back of Ogdensburg.
The bailiff could not induce Shaver to return with him, and as he was not in a pot sition to set the machinery of the law in motion to compel him to do so, the bailiff had to return empty handed. Miss Thomas, however, returned with her brother and reached home on Friday.
We understand that Shaver objected to
coming	.	.	.
had done nothing wrong and therefore not guilty of any charge against him.
Be that as it may, the fact remains that he has placed himself in a very unsavoury light before the public, and if he attaches Four gentlemen from the neighboring any vaiue to his reputation, he will, as an tract for the erection of the new G. P R ç^^y tif Ottawa, namely, Messrs. Rich, honorable man and a Christian, hasten to station at St. Jerome, Que. The build- Dal„ Masham ; R. Ormond, Eardley ; c|ear his skirts of the odium which to say will be a fine one, costing from 612,- DavjJj Stewart, South Hull, and De- the least of it, his singular and rather in- to $16,000.	Coeli, of Iron Sides, have been making an excueably conduct has cast upon them.
inspection of a number of farms in this yye consider some public explanation is section of the county, with a view to giv* imperative on his part at least to that ing expert evidence before the court weH.meanmg but too confiding section of at Bryson on the 16th inst., when the community who, through the very case of Clarendon against the County pron0unced character of his Christian pro-comes up for hearing. We understand fe#8jonBt and the exuberance of his relig-_	T. „ . they were engaged by Mr. H. Aylen, ioua iea)f were led to place implicit conh-
That Coal Oil Project.—It all de- couneei for Clarendon.	dence and faith in him—indeed to such
¦HHHsi
S. A. lick AY, B C L.
"VOTARY PUBLIC. Clerk of the Magistrate. XI Court at Shawville . Agent for the Credit Fol 1er Franco Canadian. Money to lend on easy term»
S. John’s Church, Clarke's, Service at 3, p. m.
S. George’s, Portage du Fort, Evening Service, 7, p. in.	H. Plaisted,
Curate
For
John Rogers of Caldwell’s Corners
Rogers was consequently place under ar-
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT Shawville , Que., respectfully solicit* gagementsfor any business in 1 th all Courts In the County, made tod prompt ret urns assured
B
connection
Collection*
en
wl
They Do Good Work.
The following letter tells what people think about Lsxa Liver Pills :
Dear 8irh,-1 gladly testify to the virtues of Lsxa Liver Pills. I used to be troubled with severe headaches and constipation for a long time, and took these pills hoping for a cure, and my hopes were rapidly fulfilled. I have found them a never failing remedy -d heart,,y 'emmmend them^
Moncton, N. B.
age

Bailiff El
Messrs. Bishop and Price, evangelists, | rest have pitched their tent in Mee’s grove, Radford, and opened their meetings on Sunday.

3V
The band was out in full force on Wednesday evening last to serenade our latest adjuncts to the Benedictine Order— Rev. B. Kiernan, P P of Quyon, and I namely, Messrs. W. A. Hudgins and Rev. Michael O’Rourke, of Carleton Geo. E. Wain man. Both gentlemen Place, have departed on a voyage to the | made a tengible recognition of the compliment.

BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT,
OFFICE court ht., shawville
Accounts collected and prompt returns made."
All courts attended;
Ould Sod
D UtËSfl* ËSæ I poll:M^P^.od D^QillS; M.RP..
xoelleut acooramo<iatlon for the travelling public, will be in attendance at the exhibition ^.'JrZ1 W Bar*I a*™», jI here on Wednesday next.
the best brands of Liquors, Wines, and Cigars. Good Livery i n Connection. |
Married.—At Ottawa on Septemper 1st. Wm. W. Roblin was united in marriage to Miss Fanny H., daughter of Jos. Leslie, Esqr., of the O., A. & P 8 _	, Ry. The ceremony, which took place in
School Books —All School books re- ut>ly Trinity Church, Ottawa East, quired by the regulations of the province permed by Rev. F. W. Squire, kept in stock at J R. Horner’s, Shawville 1 r also scribblers, pencils, etc.
Important Offer for the Canadian
People.
your back, poisoned kidneys, dropsy, water vein women, dying unblossomed girls. A full sample box will be sent to any address, postpaid, for 10 cents In stamps. If you take them you dare not condemn them Try now as only a limited number at this price* Allison Medicine Co., Brockville, Cnt.
was
\
GRAND CENTRAL RODEE,

Mr. and Mrs. Birt of the Knowlton
cv	», VI , ^ .Distributing Home, returned to England
EF1 The Shawville Marble and Gran- ,a#t weck- At the present time there are
iteWorks, Alex. McDonald, proprietor, | iu the Home little girl, aged five, and turns out a auperior class of work in Mon uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason
- Prop.
CL Turpaln
back here on the ground that he
about a dozen boys from four to ten y of age for whom homes are desired applications with minister’s recommends Mr. I tiuus and rail fares invited.
ears
and
Hlflhotelhas been recently opened for _ the public accommodation, and ha* been equipped In first class style with all | able necessary requirements.
Bar furnished withcholcellquors and clr Firstclass table.good yard and stable and largeooramodlous Sample Rooms
Ottawa Markets
The ruling prices on the Ottawa ket last Saturday were :
Hay, ton, $10 to $13 Oats, bushel 28 to 30 cents.
Peas, bushel 55, to 00 cents. Buckwheat, bushel, 43 to 45 cents. Butter (pail,) lb., 10 to 18 cents. Potatoes, bag, 40 to 42 cents.
Eggs, (cases) doz , 11 to 12 centm. Eggs, (newly laid) doz., 12 to 13 cent» Chickens, pair, 40 to 50 cents.
Lamb, lb., 8 to 10 cents.
Mutton, lb., 6 to 9 cents.
T
was
mar-
The Pembroke Observer says J. W. M un roe has been awarded the con
sri
Ing
PONTIAC HOUsp Z
Miss Annie McRae is spending a couple of weeks in Toronto at the wholesale millinery opening of J. Ivey& Co., gathering information as to latest styles and notions in millinery. She will return shortly with a magnificent stock.
am
•w




Shawville Produce Quotations
20 to 22 to 40 45 00 to 30
«
I
02
I
36
10
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL
,
PROPRIETOR

This hotel will be found fully equipped for the accommodation of the public generally. and especially commercial men. Free bu* mete all trains. Good livery In
<mrLathes' and gents blcycle<kept foriblre

. .
O*

w*




te




###PAGE###2###
KIIÏBKR RIFLES DISARMED 'MUON'S GREAT SBDPTIOÏ
partly far th» reconstruction of the t ienv,h navy.
Utwr bdanti, near Fwwui. ha* >^'n t*dod or leased to Ituwsza a* a coal mgl station with the wiamiit ol the Jap* sums UovsrunienU which was pointed at the faihum to arrange ml aJiian«,e with Great Britain.
Seiior J. liUarte Borda, President of
IBi	.	Uruguay warn shot and killed
War ##U a * Item* About Our Owe Country public.	saasw at Montevideo yesterday during
Oreat Britain, the United State*, end The alien tai law was decided to be a celebration there vt the independence ¦ All Pwte ol the Glebe, Condensed and uuoonetitutlonal by Judge Aoheson, Uruguay. This was the second at-
of the United States Court at Pitta- tempt on the President's lue.
PANADA	burg, Pa.	fount Mutau, ei-Munster ni 1 o reign
,	*	».	The Marquis of	Ctmynghliam. who	Affairs, and one of the most distm-
Two new oases of smallpox have	do-	ut iu the Howw	t)f Lords as	Heron	tfUlahtui mell in the history ol the new
?eloped in Montreal.	Minster is dead He was Vice-Aflmir- Japanese movement, and who. with
John G. Hahnm of Hamilton hanged	uf the coast of	the Province	of Ul-	the Marquis Ito, mouldml the policy of
himself to a high board fence.	star.	the modern Umpire, is dead trorn lung
Mr. John Guthrie died near New- The strike of progressive tailors In trouble, market the other day. aged 110years. New York, which was begun last	the rtfUiVina of a large Ho-
• $&«seS= esmksSj
bjSU6 «sy»Rri| atausuç ESCSSSs1 "
Principal Peterson. of MoGlU Uni- low where he diel	rvgardmg the conduct of the fleet lw-
rersity, Montreal, is seriously ill at l qhe members of the Jankeon-Harms- fore prevesa. when the latter struck Aberfeldy, Perthshire. Scotland.	worth exiwdition. who have spent three the former, who. it is believed, will
It is stated on good authority that winters in the Arctic regions, have been challenge hi» assailant####]
ss :l.i“ ssrsss	, js
Mrs. Jas. Harrison, of Lambeth, died imsaed Alwrdeeu. ixtdland. on Saturday	Qf honour awarded by the
Friday from injuries received by being morning	,	French S.P.U.A . ha* Ueu iwisoned at
thrown out of her carriage in Lon- The Duke of V. esUniuater has issued QotIhH by tramps He had stopped don	an appeal to the British iiublio for funds a robber, caught a murderer, waved a
SmHKFS eh^hi	d
The cheese shipments ^rom Montreal gewing machines of these contractors AND PROSPECTS OF NO WORK l ILL this season amount to 1.06S.2SN) boxes. who faii lo kMp their agreements with	SPRING TIME,
against 8MI.P88 for the curreepom 8 | the union, and the estaluishment of coperiod last year.
The announcement is the Federal Government will take the Drummond County railway
The license clerk at Washington. D, C., has decided that fruit vendors may rent their licenses.
Two hundredeilk weavers In Paterson, N.J , struck because operatives are deprived of benches.
Cincinnati has been chosen as the place for holding the next encampment of the Grand Army of the Uo-
kotal captured by ; further details of the appall-their treachery.	wo volcanic outburst.
fort lundi
Thti VERY LATEST F ROM ALL THE
WORLD OVER.
Three Halite #Seere»lM b, MM*»»
relire #"*,« lrt|HwrrS- A lerf
Mlrtee le I hr he, Tweeiy MIVm AWff
- AuulUrr t.r«»r lrl*U lu I*<!*••
ee«l Am he# Hire we Over Ihe Um4
1er Viriy Mile*—Meagred# her led lia
Ihwu received iu Slw-
Nuue lias juet
I,., luilm, ol euolber insurgent ihe UauUtzâi», ou t __ ensured tbe iwlioe tioet el Me
hoiu’ed^i. which wee garrisoned by » detachment ol tbe border vohee Ihe
retreated vo • uew ixiet, belli detachment ol l be Second t’un-
drr Ihe âH-lege.
BUO-/Tliur-uiajr
Nows from Manila received by why of Houp Kong gives graphic details of the great eruption of tho Mayon volcano ou ,Lu son Island Four hundred perished miserably, buried under the burning ashes, Wore they could escape, and the tow us and villages around its base were ruined Hivers of red-hot lava poured over the sides, and showers of ashes fell, obscuring the So violent was the eruption, that the lava reached the ocean, twenty miles ewe/.
in the town of, Li bog 115 people buried under the ashes before they could reach a place of safety hamlets of Alieericordla, Santo, Nino and Sen Roque, were ell destroyed with their ÜUU inhabitants
large fissure opened in the earth Tout darkness prevailed, and the people closed their doors and windows and lighted lamps.
A correspondent at Guinobatan, If
miles from the base of the votes ne
says ; ' For several days the volcano had showed unusual activity, but ou Fri-lueir advance w as [ day morning a column of black smoke
shot up from the crater and fire flam < » »	*<*.. Subterranean rumbling was heard
firing iu the direction ot the . un j and soon the rivers of molten lava be-
CoL
u turn Iasi,
g.irrmou
by i
jab Infantry, reach mg there the next | ¦¦¦ a» the flying column com-
me r mug
iu iuJeil by Colonel lUcOndeou. winch
¦ i Thursday to reinforce the Sauntua range, which
Th» first nod in the Ottawa York Railway has been turned near Cornwall.
MUIl
Ml lv tug a ou
ed
the poet ca
attacked by insurgents, was
after repulsing the enemy, the
rallied and attacked the iinUso
rue tribesmen,
Mr
was turumg
were
enemy
force on the plain however, although m greet strength, I	I driven off witu heavy lose
Nest Vasa
Ihe
were again of life.
In Tobace a
the British side, Captain lisird-
N orUi, of the bcoU
of lha l^nu-
Ou
Smith, and Lieut Fusiliers, and ei#ht men
wounded
jab iallBtry. were
an attack on lakka.
British poet at Lakka wan *L
ihe Filteentb Sikhe,
The
tacked on Friday
were sent to reinlorce
with two guus, the garrison, but stubbornly opposed	ihe re was heavy
FLOUR IS $1 PER POUND
I
gan running down the sides of the
, puel ou the >amaua range
Z' ibSu Z^Lr^iiuir^uX dT.
gathering ol the urakzais above euUf and continued till 10 at night.
Ihe aamaua range,1 Au empty kerosene can was filled to
within four inches of the top eight was most appalling i rees lient their heads with the weight of eand, puiU that shortly before bia arrival at and foliage lost all natural color
Kurt GulisUu, ou Friday morning a underground no sea sounded like artillery fire in a great battle.
.	*	U-	i At uight the crater seemed a burn-
who command* at *orl iug mass, while flames and red-hot Gulist.iu, was compelled to retire uu- gtones were shot high in the air. Our
der lire. .	...	r position wm becoming dangerous, and
lu audition, Lieut, Blair was severe the women and children were sent to ly wounded while cutting oU the eue- the mountains of Manraro. The atonee my s supply ul water nut the tirii- ant| ashes continued to fall over the force succeeded in driving back the ! towu of Libog all night, so that
only the roots of the houses could
wan
hart
«..., asNaï- *“	“ -7„v; z: -rr vr :r
¦elves*
A despatch from Juneau. Alaska
euiug
Kurt UuUstau, ou started to the assistance of the gar-with IjO rilles
The
The mansion of Frank A. Magowsn>
Trenton, was sold at a sheriffs' sale for #24,400, to V. & Holt, represeating a syndicate» It is understood aaydi—Iho latest news from the uortli
that the h\ ndicate includes Senator still confirms all previous statements William H. Skirm, who Is one of reg^ging the*in-going Yukoners, their
The Government h*. trommed eup-	he.vlWt judgment credit- 6U1,_, anil u.lun, m getUng over,he
port to a Canadian line of steamships	trails. At Skuguay there is found
betw een Vancouver and Victoria and	1IK ilaU*	a	condition, no pi ogress lie-
the coast cities of Mexico.	! he electric cabs have proved a big	mads in going over the summit
The fir.t ear o£ new Manitot» widest aurcos, in London.	by what ia known as ihe \Y hite Vase.
JVrSS^XSSMlStii '“..I.,,™..,	.....
uard. and is an excellent sample.	Laurier s inviUtlou to visit Canada your, ihere are now between four ami
An Ottawa lioy named Joseph Per- next spring.	five thousand persons camped along
. whose parents refused to let him The post-office at Laneborough, the trait between salt water and up
#o to the Klondyke. swallowed	County Longford, Ireland, was dyua- fAve or sunejit
of Paris Green	ini ted early yesterday morning, but
Mr. Leonard J. Grunshaw was scald- nobody was injured.	I	l	I
'Ihe traffic receipts of the UP.lt. Tbe men Wou a complete victory. State. Many have already sold out
èiiS£rV;.ï“Æ.'."	=.	satis**.......— -
Since the middle of July about five i** festivities, has Leon officially gazet- original cost ol their ouitils and leav-	chances ol	the garrison»	safety
:housand citizens of Montreal have ap- ted as Baron Strathcoua and Mount lng that, part of the country Those	slight	i	lie fortifications	are prao- i *• nay* 4lea. Omm*14 sf His «Jatte* tlaief
«as: ImSSsk:-
It is said that a syndicate of Eng- was a Liberal, and was appointed the Indians are charging at present Another nom of alarm, and a rather tween Aiasaa ana uie	po
iish capitalists has agreed t<> pun hase Judge Advocate-General in lhrO. and only do cents per pound for packing iucouipreheuaib.e one, in view ol the	in ashing ion, the other day,
5ÿS5^iflSK.<sv2s dœe - **•	er,?sar£, “A	îsrisrtï,-— - -
mmm *§ci§ immm sspii s¥§§ss§
and the railway br.dge ,,-er.	lng into the land.	| rich need o( the diggings that have
Mr. Joseph Ladue, the founder of Stationers’ hall, in London, where all been worked up to that date, also that I	A1 I Ql AUKLLLlhG
Dawson City, in the Klondike, who has buoks must he copywrited has at last some less valuable finds have lieen The aitim » of the outlying gam-	.	,	.
lieen in Ottawa lately, ^ays t-b®re will preparet£ ^ index of tiULee, thus en- made near Stewart River. High prices sons on (he Bamana range, is. next regards the Klondike region, which ut lie five thousand people m Kionaiae tms a^ing authors to guard agauist in- and wages remain as heretofore re- to Quetta, the centre ol interest, in beyond all manner of dispute ui winter, and some of them will surely Vi,luu*tar>, infringement ol others' ported.	view of the urgent need of reinforee-
starve	rights, and the consequent law suite. According to recent news from Yu-1 meats, and lo.vnel Gordon to-day
Mr. Anthony Orr of Galt, has found	kon, water has lieen sa roe for hy- i will lead a column of troops through
an axe among the chips that young Al-	UhJShUAh.	dr&ulic purposes, but tletter arrange- | the Kohat jkass into the Sarnaua um- more east of the 141st meridian line,
lison raked together, aud from the The Switzerland Government is to inents will be provided for these opera- tncl.	which ia
«tains found on it, it is thought to be acquire and operate the railroads of tions next year. Flour is still selling On the other hand, there is a hope-the weapon with which Mrs. Orr was that country.	for #60 per sack of fifty pounds, and fu£ sign in the well authenticated re-
fhe bubonic plag-ue at Poona is in- like prices are asked for other staple , i>ort that dissensions have broken out The thirteen-year-old daughter of c reusing, aud the Kirkee bazaar has articles.	i among the Atridis.
Isaac Williams, an Indian on the Six been closed entirely.	| Miners who are employed in mines
Wrnmsmmmmmm
found drowned in the river at West	1	__________Fort Lundi Kotal waa accomplished an sod.
Brantford on Saturday. It is supposed	p»™ eorreammdent of, the Lon-	through treachery, and that the ori- | “At Forty-Mile Creek our survey
;;rLti,,ütmTùr,i.;ss,wUk	D,mcuLT p”™LEa s0LVED- dw&t:œ
Mayor Colquhoun, of Hamilton, lib-	R,lfwia ^	^ y	_ ,	. É âi. „ . _ , . Ibe fort is unfounded. It was this dredthe of a second, which in that latia Là	^	^T#;;;:ràwrai *tude ^rwente ^ “d °°e ba,r ,eet-
mmgs
S=s m =a*s«
set on fire and were burned to the ground.	._______________________
ihe colonel re-
over
on October *J6th
risou
l’lie
A team from the Royal Grenadiers, Toronto, won the Gioweki cup at the Ontario Rifle Association shoot ou V ri-
uuder Major
reoouuoitnug party.
day
Ihvtv e.iuxa,
ISÜ
enemy’» pickets
KtilUOUS STATE OK AFFAIRS be seen The only building left un-The latest ueua (rorn tbe trout U i burned iod •landing in tbe parish
repelled, md that the urakiai. have the «and and whee tell for several taken to ibe bills Hut against the day. All tbe plantations and vege-
zr%t rr-J = i ^àus^r^ ""
state of affairs prevailing at Quetta,
1 here is little .doubt
ner
They will remain there, - iting their
they
K0ND1KE IN CANADA.
are
what is known on the map at present. There oertaieUy will not be as far ae
the
British Northwest territory.
“Dawson City ia a hundred miles or
THE. ÛOUNDRY UNE.
“ Mt. St. Elia» ia near the interneo-tiuo of the ten. marine league line w ith the 141st meridian. To be exact, the
uurdered
REUEE SENT
| THE CANADIAN UNE STEALS
the six anti a half feet from us. Crossing the Yukon River, the difference in the two surveys is 14 seconds, which in that latitude
According to the line of Ogilvie, the Canadian Government purveyor, we gain 300 feet on the British side."
General Duffield added that if there is any dispute between the two countries over tbe boundary line it will be in regard tu thé Ivn League coast A despatch from Casper. Wyo., say a line in the southern portion of Alaska.
-A two-,ear-old child was earned “ "?t », » Suction wrh‘L'h. ad*niU ot away h, a mountain I,ou un ( a,per ot,lBKlerallle direr...y of opinion.
mountain on Thursday morning A A REMARKABLE DISCOVERY.
fruitie.ie search has been made by herders of flocks and miners, day and night, to find the baby. The little an orphan, whose mother died last year and whose father had put it into the
represents 300 ifeet
a young Chicago inventor. George V. U is reported that Sadi Ali, Bey of Trott, a former telegraph operator has
- Right Hou. Sir Henry Strong, Chief ofTb iïd'rJ%% devised a .y.Um which will shortly be Justice ol the Supreme Court, who has In Nice. The Bey is eighty years of put in operation on the Pennsylvania been in Great Britain discharging his age.	railroad, by which every train on the
m me i®
the Yukon district.	mmm
The application of the Lord's Day
iSpSSfi 125SrSffl=Q
the expense bf the Province has been refused by the Attorney-General.
a Mountain lion’s prey
Two esr-oldlMId l urried Off W bile III
Fouler Holhrr Mr pi.
Mr. Trot t'a
M- Ky Meant #f Ihe
Praf. tiering a State
one is
A despatch from Baltimore may#: keeping of a family by the name of 1 _i>r. Robert Xavier Giering. of this
abeep ten	claims to have made a remark-
eacl ot tlie able discovery by means of the Roent-
Dr. Giering etales that by
which 200 persons were injure
Princess Kalulani, who has Just attained her majority, will return to Hawaii in Otuber, in made Queen of the island Republic
THREE CHARGEA
Judge—What are the charges against this mao V
Policeman—There are three, yer honor—shoutin', hootin', and hollerin'.
Henderson, who is henlin miles from Casper, at the
At daylight on Thursday, Mr. Hen-	rays
derson followed hi# flook leaving the means of the "x" ray he can develop
SsïÆEël 1 BÆïïrs i*Js=
¦till asleep and the baby gone. It had	organs and the bony structure of the
awakened and toddled off in its night	body of the original of the photograph.
A search was at once made for	In other word#, the doctor maintains
the little one aud its bare feet tracks	that an ordinary photograph is not
were found leading te aspring nearly	only a likeness of the outward appeer-
a mile away. Near the ppring were	ance of the individual, but that it
W3 LTTTLB	MISTAKE.	found also fresh tracks of a huge	contains a reproduction of everything
.	mountain lion. No other trace of the	in the body, and that all that is ne-
Ml#s Bea.utiglrV.(ooyly>—Do	you	real-	babe has been found. There is known	cewary to make all visible to tbe
L l#ee yntot f	1	to be a den of four lions on Caspar naked eye ia to put the photographs
Cotmt Lé Vraug (passionately)—Loaf mountain. No hopes are entertained through a series of developments tm
c r-rsaturai I sealjrse youl ' of finding the babe alive.	der the V ray

Greece has been asked by the powers to state the amount she is able to pay as a first instalment of the Turkish indemnity. and the revenues she sign to guarantee the whole amount.
The Sultan of Turkey has commuted ia AAffctenoes ai death imposed upon those who were engaged in the massacres of members of the Greek Church at Tokat last Marsh te penal servitude for
suserTi
A CLASH AT ARMS
UNITED STATES
Well, Bobby, have you had a pi
•ant day I
Yee'm; me and Jack tobk out three pupa an went over t' play th Billy reiiflns's four cate
Spokane has Chinees watchiu#k A crusade against sweat shops
been started et Pittsburg.
ers.
dr
has
at» only ten cents to send a teie-•M miles at Pittsburg.
Denver hut#harm were fined for keeping their shops open on Sunday.
New York iron
gr
life
EsEHarvaw
»
ta
ldere have
architects to give contrasts to
Loser#
rj
\
1


###PAGE###3###
rsaa
I mt Ual, Toroità Mastr !• !»•*•	_
». 0. Mills. AA.-A. MU Is. Wes. Melee LL.
OLD MILITA H Y OOMPÀXT.
The Honorable Artillery Company in
point of antiquity, is probably unequal-
ad by any other military body throughout the world. The Koval ( barter it received from Henry Vfll. dates from 1687, and was giunisd in its then title of the Guild of Fraternity of St. George. Its existence, » however, is trweable »e far back a* 10^7, in the reign of William II., when an '‘Armed Company” of citixems was formed for the protection of London from gangs of robbers, who harrawd foreign dealer» and thereby jeopardized H great wool and other trades of the city merchant».
ROYAL BTiQUBTTK.
FALSE HAIR.
DISEASt CONQUERED.
ilBfi (bim Jealese
H
It Is easier to negotiate a treaty between nations than it is to arrange a
aenee of court pageant# in which royal per won ages take a prominent part. A treaty m a compromise made on give-and give principles, i'rinceeare obstinate whenever their dignity of rank IS ID question, and will not yield pointa of honor.
When the Queen s Coronation Jubilee was veieUiated ten >ean ago tlitre were many royal gue»ta olht iaia aid tig-ir U et. jealousies and resentments were created, It wad a long lime lefoie some ol the pi i mo* and giaud a uses forgot what they thought wtie their slight and gnevauces.
TAi* U-e «**urt oilieial» in u.ak
mg their Jubilee arrangements uuusuady carelul, btu they have been
exceedingly fortunate if the royai guests left England without heait oui mugs over small points ol etiquette, lhe p.a es in the royal procession, the seals at banquets, and the order in which the drawing-room at Buckingham Raise nppBMpBIHlMpili have to be settled with nicety ol judgment.
'j he claims of a grand duke from 11 use,a an archduke from Austria and prin«es from Italy, Germany and other continental courts have to be considered in detail said adjusted in accordance w ith recognized principles of precedence of etiquette.
The court official whose will is law in these matters is Lord Lathom, the lord chamberlain, tie is a clear-head-her ad courtier, with thorough training and excellent temper, and has preknowledge respecting the requirements of royal etiquette.
W hen be is in doubt he consults with the Duke of Portland, master of the horse, and with the Hue ness of tiuo-cleauoh.* mistress of the robes. Every pis e is reserved, and every detail connected with royalty could have been settled only alter prolonged discussion at court.
Vienna once had the reputation of having the most intricate court eti-qmette in Europe, and l ari# was near-1 iy as exacting in this respect. The e al- traditions remain in Vienna, but the imperial family is now weak in numbers and the court functions are less stately and ceremonious than in former times.
Republican simplicity is the order of the day in France, and court etiquette in Berlin is reduced to the precision of military red tape.
in the English court great attention is paid to points of dignity and precettes glorious nature with apparent in-	The Queen's J ubilee has pro-
difference or plod along utterly uncon- bably set the style for the continental
1 courts in royal ceremonials. Ihe •	, Queen herself regulates many of the
Why is nt that people living [ JeUilt of court etiquette, and insists
close Attention paid to
tesrl OEIcleli ••
lee and Beeesi
History records the fact that in 1602 In England, long flaxen hair was purchased from the head at ten shillings an ounce, while other fine hair fetched from five to seven shillings for the •MU ! quantity; and within the present •entuxy the heads of whole families ho Devonshire were let out by the rear at so much per poll, "a periwig maker at Exeter going round at certain periods to out the looks, afterward oiling the skull of each bereft person.'* That the use of false hair as an aid to feminine beauty wa-t not unknown to the ancients is well proved. The Greeks, Romans, and Egyptians. long t*fore the dawn of the Christian era, resorted to the wearing #f tresses obtained from other per* hwule ; they even went so far as to paint bald heads so as to represent them as covered with short hair, also marble caps, were worn. A venerable merchandise in the blonde hair of German women in mentioned in ancient Roman his-
DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS GAIN ANOTHER GREAT VICTORY.
WoodaPhOio • mcravim. x
l.l,.JONI'Sl WO tV
6 A M) ADI I MDI W IUIUWIO
à Mrperlrr’e SrarrlitiiR : a v f ** #** * I ** #* # * a Ca»e at Orangeville — The claim* Made #n Bebalf af ThU MpJicIm tally Marne «tat -The tireateet ¦eallag Mfdl
an

lews
cine of the As*.
From the OrangeviUe Pun.
In a rosy little bouse in Margaret# street, in this town, live# Mr. John Garrity, his wile und family are in<lee<l a happy family, although a few yean ago a «adder household would le hard to find. Their happiness was not o cos oned by the sudden obtaining of a forUuie, but by someth ng much more precious—the restor-stion to health of a w ife aud mother whew everyone whispered that * bn must die. Our reporter heard of Mrs. Garrity’s illness and cure, and for t he benefit of our readers investigated the case ; w hat he learned Is well worth relating. A few yeum ago Mr. Usjrity kept a wed! known hotel at Cbelter-ao painted ham and wan known! ffcr and wide for
his kindness and hospitality : bis wife, too# was noted for her amiability. However, she was stricken with a peculiar sickness, her health failed rapidly and from one hundred and forty-seven pounds her weight became reduced to ninety-five pounds. Fainting spells tw-eame frequent, and a continual pain in the hack of her head almost drove her frantic. Physicians were In attendance. but the doctors all said there was no hope. Mra. Garrity saw death ¦taring her In the face, and the thought of leaving her little children caused her much sadness She was advised to try Dr. . Williams' Pink Pills, but thought they could not possibly do her any good, when physicians had failed to alleviate sufferings. Hoping, however, ¦ almost against hope, she procured a supply, and wonderful to relate, she had not been taking Pink Pills long when the dreadful symptoms of her illness began to pass away, and to-day she is the picture of health. A few months ago Mr. Garrity and family removed to Orangeville, and in conversation with our representative Mrs. Garrity said:— "I cannot find words to express my thankfulness Williams’ Pink Pills have hy it is almost mlraoul that everyone who Is suffering « was will hear of this remedy. W ways keep a box of thé Pink Pills in the house."
Don
the
They
TtrL
There le more Cattarh in thle eectlon of the country than all other disease? put togetbor, and until the last few yearn wan supposed to be Incurable. For a great many yey# doctor* pronounced It a local disease. and preecrlb-d local remedies, and by constantly fading to cure with local treatment, prenounc d it Incurable ti« 1 en ce b a* proven catarrh to be a eonetltu'lonal dleea-e. and therefore reoalree
constitutional tre itment. Hall " Catarrh ( ure,
F. J. Chenev & Uo. Toledo,
---- Ohio, 1* the only constitutional cure on the
were I market. It is taken internally In dow* from
» dsr^«amsîs.
riivai I system. They offer one hundred dollar*.for any case It falls to cure.
.,d u-Umon.I.^Ad^^ oy T0lwlOi o
Hold by Druggist*. 76c.
Hall's Family Pill are the best.
That there are v io Brooks, Or., can
after publication of the information that Brooks is tne home of John Stut-hammer, the Stagger twins, and Bud Weddle.
Karl’s Clover Root Tea Is a pleasant laxative. Regulates» the bowels purifies the blood. Clears the complexion.
Easy to make and pleasant to take, j 26 cents. Sold by all druggists.	]
J. I. Taylor, living near Cottage
s;n 2u£r “ • ns?„2.”" ' -	- T
the whole uurfaoe of the pool ignited ,*metbk&g nsw, stylish, convenient "* blazed as a kerosene pond might
blase.
The court hut many
BOTTLES.
Patent Soda Water Bottles — #
Harris hae for sale,
William 8t. Toronto,
Send for circulars
<3. DUTHIE & SONS
SUITE, SflEET-MTM» Till â OlAflL 1WF1M
tory.
A question that him doubtless often presented itself is: Where did ell this hair come frotnf This question we will
With the coming of spring. in Use midlands and west of France, appeared what may fitly ha termed a singular class of nomad in Individuals, armed with long, iron-tip-pud staves, and bearing heavy parks
•f marchandise upon their They were the coupeurs, Use reapers of a hirsute harvest. Armed with long shears they went their way,
of willing victime dwelling in outlying hewn lets and villages of peasant France; and a labor-Law Iniameae it was. Jb'gum "dewgr xrn ' until Usa shadows of night Lbared thickly, they did their tan fifteen miles a day—often fruit-
stomachs. their In Auvergue hair were I’he Bretons
igur and hardihood hardly be doubted
is entered aie detail» wLiUi
âne
Oet
Sheet Me Black nnd
Conboy's Improved Carriage Top
r**è
WITH ROLLER CURTAIN
If you wael
vise
mg the tr
a
• j
durable buy a Carriage with a Roll Curtain#
"Quivkeure.” is sold everywhere, at 25c., 60c., and $1.00. The trial sise does not contain the Dental Pickups, which are furnished with the 50c. and $1.00 j sizes; but all contain "Absorbent Oot- I ton," "Lintine," or "Lint.” No expense has been spared to make this preparation complete, and render it invaluable for emergencies ; having every convenience for applying it to its various uses—the 50c. size contains three times, and the $1.00 size nine timee the ' quantity of the trial size. Sold everywhere.
Heating
By
keasly and with empty only bed the wayside.
#US
HOT WATER
(Our new system.)
COMBINATION
(Hot wi 1er and hot sir4
WARM AIR
(Cofcl 4 wood fum
for what Dr. done for me ous. I wish
Bed	i n i f % t ml in*, which term»
, English parallel».
Tttseee curious journeyman exerted ev-y effort to gain their soda—a good head of hair I the former preferring the local fairs as a workmen, the latter chousing to visât the dwellings their possible clients. In summer Hrittamy margoulin wee often ____i going through the streets carrying tia long staff, from which hung t-wiM* of hair while he cried In doleful tones thr well known "Pian I Piau 1" at ttoe sound of which the cottagers,
désirs to possess attracted the
W
have no tit
I
and rutimates.
tL
OUT-OF-DOORS.
One of the laxy farmers of Utica. Neb., has a rocking-chair attachment connected with bm harvesting machinery.
W P € 8*3
«
Summer with a lavish hand scatters beauty over everything, yet there are count 1
men and women who view
Don Valley
Pressed Brick Works.
TAYLOR BROTHERS, Props.
The large't Proceed Brick Works in Oanada. Is all colors—Red, tiufT. Brown, etc. Mantels à specialty. Head Office—
6o Adelaide St. East, Toronto, Canada.
OOOTOR5 RECOMMEND
with en itching some of hie gewgaw», wanderers' attention. He was only too rilsrsn-4 to daezle their eyee with hie mnny-oolored wares, and the bargaining was -not slow to begin. While the woman fingered his goods the margoulin weighed her treesea with bla hand— a proceeding at which he was adept through long prattioe». The bargain ended, the woman yielded her abundant locks in return for a few yards 11 cotton stuff, or a gay petticoat, to which—thanks to the progress of civilization—the coupeur had small sum df money the transaction was not completed Without much dLmrnsekm on both sides. Very often the coupeur had to return
awing to female fade-
SALADA
1»
•alone of the beauty that exists about them.
to Nature fall to appreciate the upon having
as,TZZZtrzs isB&iefussi
dweller finds inexplicable, for It seems £hjey âre the growth of centuries. More-that no one, however uncultured, could over, it should be remembered that
s	&/5ASSi£E
encing In warn dsgree en exaltation whlch birth glVee them.
which nothing else could produce. But there are many who do not take heed.
are alike—dull» ninglees. They can-realized that a mind
close
Ceylon Tea
LIAO PAOKETS ONLY
UlAUTCn -A FIRST CLASS MAN In if All I tUe**erer7 city and town In Canada, to introduce our Household Specialties
5omSfone|pec?Bty Co., 29 Melinda St.,Toronto
The Leading Canadian College for Young W<
Manufacturers
to add s Bometimes
Aim
Address i
Stop that Cough 1 Take warning. It may lead to Consumption. A 2oo. bottle of Shiloh's Cure may save your life.
omen.
Coming to Toronto will find flats of any size, with power, heat, elevator, and all conveniences.
To them ell monotonous mee not or neve not
I I wee given them to cultivate—to make
__ _ than happy them superior to other animal a. Life I Only the would-be saloon keeper au<i
tardy remorse would « to them a ceaseless, hopeless grind, one non-resident signed a petition for h-iif his coveted tro- *ad &11 this beauty is passed heedlessly | the establishment of a saloon at Monroe, Neb.
Q. C. Liquid Tooth Powder
« charge ; and he
to the
elaioo wEÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ^
when sure that a not rob him of
the authorities Intervened, cutting was conducted in public as an sanusement for onlookers, it being considered highly entertaining to hear ten twelve rival coupeur» eulogizing their wares, each protecting hie to be fix superior to his fellows. 1xho prohi* bit Loo of this custom drove the hair-kiilivcfitsn to cicct t toot, rent for the day unoccupied Shops, cellars, ¦tables, or any corner they could find wherein to establish themselves. Sticks then stuck up, from them being
_Jded petticoats as a lure, as an
indication of what could he had in exchange for tresses ; to the petticoats » attached twists of hair as trade-ks. The ruse succeeded, peasants casting envious glances at the multi-coloured garments ; they were handled, and even tried on, thus lording an opportunity to the coupeurs! o flatter their fair customers —who did not long rest—and victory reward the cute buyers. In Auvergne —where the coupeurs were most numerous-the greatest harvest was reaped on St. John’s Day. The in gathering extended from April to September during which month the butchers,
~=B33S!
trades with the earning »f the dead season The hair of different countries was distinguished by ce/tWio qualities,
MSI
was more
by,
Even constant association should fail
EffSfSiS'/SüysS I j&SM Ï
^‘rfeeîuüïU^i.l0All1iti«clolbiM-!*1,eD ‘nbllwL joyed without cost or effort What an inexhaustible fund of pleasure it affords him who can appreciate the practical lessons he is being taught in botany, entomology, ornithology and perhaps other sciences.
anything be more delightful than some quiet retreat an the woods with an interesting book for a companion? The I Adame’ Extract refreshing coolness, the stir of the FleUhm-.nn’s Y leaves in the wind, the hum of insects, *wr
assr-fi abts&ïb ‘-SSi,.
happiness, forgets discontent, and only ferments, then place on lee. when It will open dreams. Surely Something is wrpog sparkllne, oool and delirious The ginger beer
w*h h™ who de «t^a th» g-wSessLiiiiSf,k,rw
enjoyment.
Is the Acme of Perfection.
Truth Building,
78 ADELAIDE ST. WEST.
The powder in this combination is eo a t solute 1 y fine, it remains suspended for about eight hours in the fluid ; when used danly it never packs solid: —the finer any material is, the more ciinaely and solid it picks, t 9 *r some
material never» packs
ose
Fuit TWENTY-SEVEN YKAB&
DUNN’S
BAKING
POWDER
weeks:—coarse
Manhattan, Kan... with three women's clubs in a population of 8.500, la id to have more culture than any other town of its size in that State.
"did.	A ,
Or ni eleven per cent of coarse and gritty matter is removed from the test English precipitated chajk. liefore l>e-img combined with the liquid which make1» mi an exqusiM and antiseptic mouth wants.
It will prove Ui youy advantage and satisfaction to stir up the powder, and then shake the bottle before first using It. After this* is once done, you have no more need to stir.
ADAMS' GINGER BEER.
RECIPE.
•	One bottle.
One half to one cake -	Two pounds
One hair ouaoa -	Two gallons
t •
THECOOK'S BEST FRIEND
af-
LAAGEST SALE IN CANADA.
KNITTING
E.NjONEY /dAKER
JLr Ribbing Hi N|achine
MACHINES.
OLD AND RELIABLE
What is known as the young married set of Carthage, Mo., society en-00	tertains itself t twee hot times with
A good story is told of an/ incident) wading parties in 'he Spring River, that took place a short time ago - board an Engliab ship. The piper had blown to Clear up decks for divi-1 ness or Croup, are not to
the with. A dose in time of Shiloh's t to will save you much ' rouble. Sold by
WHITE SOOT
THIS IS FOS VOW-
Cloth, root	f~»f^wlth our
Be Not Deceived. A Lough, Hoar
rSF_3mB
Cure
MONEY MAKE*
Price only *15, $20, $30.
on
aions—it being Sunday. When upper deck sweeper was *1	ei _
sweep the deck he observed a lut of| all druggists, aoai coming from the cook’s funnel.
The sweeper called the cook's mate up, and pointed out to him the state the deck was in
But, said the cook, 1 cannot the »oot coming up.
Yea. you can, said the sweeper; it's the usual routine to whitewash the coals on Sunday.
The cook, being a very green beginner, went and whitewashed every lump of coal he bad La the coal box to get white soot.
ilil*
CREELM BEOS., Georgetown, Oil.
A PRACTICAL EQUIVALENT.
NET
ON'V
CASH
Et heir—Did you say you could only be
help! " sister L> him?
May—I said I ootdd only be s summer financée to him.
Fee TVPtWtlTtBS HAITI II*
THE CHAMPION IN FRUGALITY, tiuy, the founder of Guy's hospital in London, was as parsimonious in private life as he was munificent in public. A good story illustrative of told of him in connection with
of hie contemyr nicknamed Vulture
Hopkins, on account of his rapacious	LUCKY YOUNG MAN.
mode uf acquiring his immense wealth. w E gcnlthfop*, a Marobmont.
On one occasion he paid a visit to uuy, 0nt	bo y, who has for near I
who on Hopkins entering the room, njoe years l*en employed by
mm mm


%
like*
"Some liv
Portland, Cr., is expecting the arrival of a 2.500-ton. 4-masted British bark, the Springburn, t he largest sailing vessel but one ever in that port. She is 200 feet long, 45.6 feet broad, and 25 7 feet deep.
hoes
.
Mors
A
this is John Hopkins, one who was
the more won^^V),®wie b right-erf* Busy wives who use 5APQLIO never seem to grow old.Try&c&ke
#	m,#w '	^
A complete wreck of domestic happineee has often resulted from
badly washed dishes, from an unclean kitchen, or from trifles which
things a man often judges of hit
arurs.
J. B. Parkin, Esq., Notary Public, 44
inbali recei v
Street, Quebec,	writes:-—“B
ng heated "Quickcura, " nay ed marked relief when suff from difficulty in breathing during an attack of Asthmatic Bronchitis/]
New Treatment for Pil parts thoroughly with u >u -and soap suds made from a good mild soap; dry with a soft towel. and apply "Quickcure” spread on soft linen or muslin, and allow it to remain for twenty-four hours Wash well with oil to remove all trpces of "Quickcure. then remove oil with soap suds as at first and If necessary renew dressing of “Quiekoure/* The effect is wonderful-many cases after having resist-
.as
subdues all infUmmsfUs. ¦¦¦—
7
wife
enng
X
Mr
Wash the water
on
maid
seemed light as air. But by th
wife’s diTOtie» to her family, a*d chargee her with general negle*
4
te
and its consequent happin
BAPOUO.


•n
N
V
1


. ?


###PAGE###4###
James A. Allison, charged with the murder of Mrs. Anthony Orr, near Galt, on August Vth, has been oommitted — to stand his trial at the fall assises, which j opens at Berlin on November 21).
The Gquitvf.
Red Cap Binder
Twine.
Increase of Sales
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 9, 1897.
C-— .	Mrs. E. 0. Thomas, of Woodstock, is
reported to have made $11,000 from a Mr. John Charlton writes to the press j $«100 investment in the Chicago wheat urging delay in dealing with the sawlog ; market.—This is a good report to send export duty question. Reports from ' out—for the stock gamblers. It will Ottawa indicate that delay will be bad. j help trade of their kind,
Sir Wilfred Laurier found it protitable to take to Torres Vedras when called on to face one awkward question, and the rv goes, will repeat the tactics on the saw log issue.
New
New
New
for the past half year is most .SZ/CI convincW proof dial the ef-
her dark closet what she thought to be forts W6 have pilt forth tO.	e
d«uMib b, Madune Oil.
had thrown it over the back of the pew SOU S IllOSt popillill JJOOtlS	t
in front of her in church that she had been fill IV appreciated.	I -, .	A<s
brought by mistake a ;$air of her hue-	*	1 *	QTAl? Mil
tSS	We anticipate a still brisker V*BkU1 WA '
trscted the attention of the entire congre- trade dlirillg bill<111CC of year, I __ e ^
t«ve fully prepared for it FaHS («6611.
enthusiasm when the choir led oti with, With
“As Pants My Heart.M—Clifford Express.	M j j ^
An Immense Range HaïVOSt ÛtlttS. of Pall & Winter |
Goods.
ato
Seasonable
Seasonable
Seasonable
The Canadian Bar Association will meet m Ottawa next year. The tint annual meeting was held last week
in Montreal last year with a membership of about 500. Its objects are to advance the science of jurisprudence and inter national law, to promote the administration of justice, to secure proper legists tion, to uphold the honor and dignity of the profession of law, to economize cordial intercourse of the members of the profession in Canada.
in Halifax, N. S.t The association was formed
Goods.
Goods.
Goods.
The Wonder of the Age.
Dkab Sirs,-I must honestly way that I have tried your valuable medic,ne H B.B. for the dlseaaecalled prairie Itch, and have found the remedy to be the wonder of the age. I took oui y three bolt es and to my great satisfaction was completely cured. I can highly recommend ll to all who suffer from any sklu disease or Impurity of the blood.	HA HOLD DIX,
Hat Portage, Ont.
The provincial department of forests and fisheries is advertising for sale the water power of the Shawinegan Falls at an upset price of $50,000. Within the tirst eighteen months after the adjudication the purchaser will be required to spend $2,000,000 in developing the water power, erecting factories and installing machinery, and within the next twelve months ____________^
another sum of $2,000,000 must be ex I feller has redeemed hie promise pended for like purposes. The Three American Baptist Missionary Union and Rixera district is in for a big thing, either American Baptist Home Missionary
m the way of enterprise or disappoint Society, and has sent his cheque for the ment
Fruit Jars.
Special Values in ladies’, gent’s and children’s Hosiery and Underwear, in union and
Boston, Mass., Sept. 4.-J. D. Rocke-1 Pur® Wools, full fashioged and
promise to the comfortable wearers.
Gem Jars.
Rocketcllor gives $250 000 to the
Baptist Union.
We are daily receiving new goods for fall and winter trade. Buyers are invited to call and
newest rolorings in heavy1 and | Note our prices for odd lines j,ook over our fine range of
of SUMMER GOODS:	|Dress Materials, and season-
able novelties in every department.
balance of the $250,000 promised by him on the condition the two societies light Weights.
.	| would raise $236,000. The American |	__
A somewhat curious and unpleasantly j Baptist Missionary Union in this city has suggestive case is reported from the received a cheque from him for $121,267.
Kootenay country. Mr. Walter Nichor	~	~
became part proprietor of the Kootena
The celebrated D. & A. Cor-
The American Baptist Home Mission | Sets ^ Complete range. Wc , .	. ary Society, whose headquarters are in make ft Specialty of keeping
tf st»ck of h,*°sizes iu
ment stand in opposition to the ideas of nea8.	tllOSe faniOUS COrSCtS.
the large number of people from the { _____________________________________I
1 ni ted States, who have found it to their,	I	A 1 liok V mirrlin SP of fieri in
business advantage to settle in the dis ' WOOD'S PHOsrHODINE xir i r J	r %
trict. The result was that he has been, The	EngH.h Remedy, x VV 001 1 ai’llS (direct llOlll (jUT-
srSVîr* T°ef,v.r txra	m,my) only Sc-per doz sheins'
too strong for him. Whatever the trie-
dom of Mr. Nichol s line of policy may :	>	5/ otorrhea, impotency and all
have been, the result is not satisfactory.	-yc effects<if Abuse or Excess*»,
The effect will be to add to the belief V WrS*	*<’"'«** WorTv. esoceesive uee
1 ci:rvre	BeforeandAfler
rather too evident in parte of Bntirh Col- firmi,Vt	connmptt»* and an early era*.
UUlbia. .	! nas bven prescribed over 35 years In thousands of
cases; Is the only Reliable and Tloneat Medicine known. Ask druggist for Wood’s Phosphodlne; if he offers some worthless niotllclne in place of this.
Incluse price In letter, and we will send by return malt Price, one package, $1; six, $6. One will pleaee, sir will cure. Pamphlets free to any address.
A despatch from Montreal, to the Jour- !	Tbe Wood Company,
nal of Sept. 4, says : That politics make	Windsor. Ont, Canada,
strange bed fellows was strikingly exem-	Sold lu Shawville at Dr. Knox's Drug
pl.tied here on Monday evening in the %:&%%%%	^
procession organized iu favor of Sir Wil-1 ___________
frid Liurier
5 patterns of White Lace, 1 cent per yd 0 patterns of White Lace, *2 cents per yd 5 patterns of White Lace, 3 cents per yd
isn
o:
Childrens Fancy Straw Hats, regular 25
to 35 cents, reduced to 15 cents.
Boys’ Straw Hats, all reduced to 10 cents.
J. H. SHAW.
E. HODCINS & SONS.
G. F. HODGINS.
Quebec Liberals want Tarte out of
the Cabinet.
BARGAINS in Furniture.
TH
Dead Men don’t buy Clothes, but live men do
PONTIAC
WOOLLEN
Seated together in a car- -- —	.	,
riage were : Aid. Peifontaine and Beau- CA Til 1TA A eolieil, both M. P.’s, and though Liberal	U-XJ- ü 0
in their politics, are cteditod with regard- — ing one another with sufficient animosity jVlAA.h
to prevent the interchanga of ordinary	........
courtesies.	"	_
Those who witnessed these rivals for TVl AT K Ali
position in the Montreal ¦LC*Je rx.üu, . . city council thus seated together, on ap	_ _ _ _
pareiitly good terms with one another,	H A W VILLE,
said it boded no good for Hon. J. Israel Tarte ; that it was a warning to both him and the premier of the forces which uniting in Montreal against the alleged autocracy of the honorable the minister of public works.
Sir Wilfrid, so those who are discussing the matter state, sent early on Tuesday
Mi Confectionery
l ween
the premier unless he was sent for.
Mr. Beausoliel has of late been talking through the French press that betokens his belief in some changes in the composition of the Quebec section of the Ottawa cabinet, and this feeling has become quite general in Liberal cir des here. Of course Mr. Tarte is the ..... man most spoken of in this connection. exhibition grounds this yi His announced trip to Europe ia variously meet m7 customers and the public gener-regarded. But the general idea is that a11? there on Wednesday next (15th) with during his absence propitiatory measures a, ful1 atoclc of seasonable Fruits and will be taken to lessen the venom of his I Freeh Confectionery of all kinds, enemies, and smooth things away some what against his return. Although Sir Wilfrid Laurier has many followers in
this province who would gladly see Mr. m	m mm
Xdffi:Xr 2LX1Ï. G SS IS Y0UP I	_____ I ««N 8T., .. SHAWmL*
been able to gather any opinion of weight	¦¦ ^ — __w	J	——
iSSl
sent a special correspondent to Ottawa, smothering or choking sensation, pain in to This gentleman is in close touch with the the breast or heart. If so, your heart is j *
Prefontaine-Beausoleil crowd and will affected and will probably be heard from before long.
dja	I -*•	'«'ft. d.«y
about to the anti-Tarte crowd, and that
and they know where to go to get them. Consequently creasing trade—the result of satis* factory and op-to date work. All want is your order ; we then guaran* tee a perfect fit.
Special Values in
Parlour & Bedroom Sets,
Sideboards, Tables,Sofas.
Bedsteads, Washstands,
Chair, Wire Mattresses, I See OUT Specials :
our ever in
we
the
boss's
S 4
MILLS
are
À FINE VARIETY OF THE CHOICEST
FRESH AND CURED MEATS
— IN STOCK.—
etc., etc.
TRAFALGAR SERGES,
blue with colored list.
WORSTED COATINGS.
we are to the front in this line,
Have commenced operations for the present season.
Save $ $ li dealing bare.
Replete with a well assorted stock of the very best goods that can be obtained.
jas. McArthur,
SHAWVILLE.
0. FRAME,
Fashionable Tailor, Shawville.
in a manner
CARDING
Exhibition Niceties.
P S.—Repairing of Furniture and Pic
Having rented the three booths at the
ear, !
AND
I hope to tun; Framing
SPINNING
Satisfactorily Executed
as usual.
SHAWVILLE
The Old Stand still “ in it.”
Hair Dressing Parlor.
J. 8. McOUIRE.
TWEEDS
manner
Dress and
Blacksmithing	Mantle Making.
Horse-Shoeing	_ —
. .	niy	Misses B. a J, Hodglna
Repairing. . .	NV)Uql r08lwtful*y intimate to the ladies
SSASW es isrEraS»
»	| A. HODGINS,
Proprietor.
in turn affect your nerves, causing nervousness, sleepless-
to select from See them.
IMilburn's ;l Heart «Nerve
Pills
he was talking of a “coup” that would •lay outright the minister of public works. Much more could be written in con-
X
nectioo with the alleged plotting against
dies tes the uppermost aspects of the situation . No one doubts Inst there will be
a concerted effort to oust the minister of 1 Cure all these complaints by regulating
public works, in which c*se it is quite the heart1, action and building up the sure the honorable gentleman himself1 will soon be heard from with no uncer-«triai n sound.
Mr. Tarte doesn't “ lie down ” easily.
J. LESTER.
nervous and muscular system to perfect health and strength. Price 6oc. per box
6 boxes for $2.50. At all druggists. I SbswriUe, August 23rd, VJ.
A CALL SOLICITED.
Shop oser 0. F. Hodgins' store. Shawrille, August 16, ’97.

or
Shawville, May 25th
:



_

	

###PAGE###5###

Ladies ! See our new Blouse Silks
J. H Shaw.
Grey and White Blankets at prices heard of at G. F. Hodoins\
lave you tried Dr. Allison's 41 Kidney
u<l« yet ? Mend 10 cents In stamps and get
• full trial box. Allison Medicine Co Broekvllle, Ont.
Announcement! Jn lit page SStoSJJ/ I Sp^ce ’“hu^ig^W *"
SERVANT WANTED, immediately.— Th. «	.	“
flood general servent wanted at once for tl,»	»t Oravenhurat, Ont.,
Apply at Tm Equity office.	lree,m®nt of consumptive! was
a .	„	.	...	loimally opened on Auguit 21it.
tor Hobba wai very buiy here »U ?WUy	'' ANTED.—Oood general
*"“Tï“"V“n	r "
The P. P JR Company commenced	... .
now
in stock.
Shawville
ilii mwm G. SWATMAN,
un-
• i
LIVERY.
Practioal
Jeweller
#
#
Commercial
Printing.
Ha* opened a shop in the premises formerly occupied by D. McKil-lop, Picksnock St.
• he has -
0
First class horses and rigs at popular prices.
Special attention paid to the commercial trade.
, where
O
I We ms Ice a specialty A HlKt itOCk Of WstOhlS. ClOOks.
I or printing commer*
J ;!¦» Jtatlonery. such |	JlWOUery, OtO., OtO.
M.aA- mu, *«**«.*»»
W VM MVNwy wTwiiiMg w• vu uuru V OIVO. UlO DIOW.
&EE£ES£? îzmEHjê ££
Mr. Ruaaell, of Renfrew, whose name ?,on of John atreet. The urosoective
ear*
1 » " "'V*	was struck neavny in
stomach with a slab of flying wood
one morning laat week, ,
#,x hours later fron the effect» of Prices.
Note Heads,
Letter Heads,
E.nvic lop elc: BEPAIBIXG
MtArlMr 4 ïooDg.
to on Monday evening with Lord Velvo. the blow.
Special attention paid to repairing Jewellery and Watches.
If you are In need of anything In our line we would be pleased to get your order. We can please you.
Mr. Ruesell, of Renfrew, whoee nemo ‘lon ol John etreet. The proepec has been eeeooieted with mining affaira in bulr«r. however, hae opiniona of hie l this county for aome time peat, spent an touching the value of the property.-hour or ao here on Tuesday, while on hi# Chronicle.
Vy t0u ml!ke 6 ehort pro*Pectin8 tour Th* Ewmty will be printed a day ear-through Thorne.	her next week owing to the exhibition
About seventy-five people joined the * un Wednesday. Although prac I farmers' excursion to Ottawa at the station	y A holiday for the staff, our office
here on Wednesday morning. The upper ,%[*****"* °Pe? till noon of Wednesday portions of the county seemed to be well |*,r , ,IAMaction of business. We shall represented, especially by the ladies who ! 0	l0 have a call from thoae of our |
appear to have developed a keen interest1 ^ , >I,B ,wh<l viH*f Shaw ville on that date, in matters agricultural of late.	| a,ld Wt) hoPe number may be many.
mam
at all and had to sleep out of doors. One day one hundred unemployed —	I were on the C. P. R. platform and could
Moat of the farmers of the neighbor- not g*t work, when along cornea ten hood are through with their harvest. As loads of men to swell the ranks of the usual, Mr. Wm. Katies was first to finish, unemployed. Many had to send home to Mias M. Horner ha# returned home I friend# for aid. after a endon
Mias McKinley, of Point Alexander, is w _	_ ^
miting her .i.ter, Mr.. W. Richerdeon., i.rJ.ilZu Miaa Mary Horner, teacher of X. West. He writes: MI wish to say that Dr. Clarendon, .pent Sunday, 29th ult., with	JSSSSS^Z^Si
her part'll ta	| lectual remedy. It ha* been my companion
Mrs. Clarke and Mrs. Brownlee, of ! for 8«*veral years during the labors and ex-
Bry.cn were vUiting in thi. neighbor I	LlA'Tln
hood last week.	store against the time of need, which so ol-
Miss Maggie Laughten is visiting her ten oomee friend, Miaa Maria Richardson, this week.1	°E°* BU8KIN'
Mrs. R. W. Ralph, who has been in very poor health for some time past, is, we are glad to state, much improved.
abort visit to friends at Radford on Sunday. She left forborne on Monday.
Miss Sarah Mee, is home from Ottawa spending her holidays with her parents
ToMAaar.
live
own
l*lir?JlTlTl!A M TiHâTàl A jSTiZaTrtk
Fruits and Confectionery.
O —

BLOOD'W BITTERN
à
i à
i À
9 A nice assortment of the above kept on hand.
i
Strong Points
About B B. B.
•HAWVILLB, Q.
George Swatman.
Shaw ville, Sept. 1, 1897.
!• Its Purity.
Its Thousands of Cures. 3. Its Economy, lc. a close.
ex
Regulates the Stomach. Liver and Bowels, unlocks the Secretions, Purifies the Blood and removes all the impurities from a common Pimple to the worst Scrofulous Sore, and
_e
BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, SCROFULA, SOUR STOMACH. DROPSY,
RHEUMATISM, SKIN DISEASES.
Co. of Pontiao Agricultural See., No. 1,
will hold its—
DYSPEPSIA,
CONSTIPATION. SALT RHEUM, HEARTBURN, DIZZINESS,
ANNUAL -, - -
Bedford Notes.
men
EXHIBITION -AAA
car
prolonged visit to friends at Clar Front.
ON
Proof for the People.
-----E?,
m
Wednesday, September 15th, ’9*?,
À. J. JACKSON.
A T
SHAWVILLB, QUE.
SHAWV1LLE, QUE.
, Mig'lotiar Toronto,
ry.
Ont.
O
Chichester Nows.
House & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator.
The Pembroke Observer con respondent remarks :
Miss Virginie Turner and Mr. Alphonse La Montague, of Pembroke, were united in marriage at the R C. Church, Chap eau, on Monday, and on Wednesday Miss Rose Puupure, of Waltham, and Mr.
Elle Matte, of Chichester. We extend our best wishes to the young couples.
Mi*s Kearney, Miss Kennedy and Mr.
P. Brennan were the guests of Miss Nephin on Sunday, 29ih ult.,
Quite a number of uur young men have .	.
|S,sml Prte taaM »r He MiTUf leillMtn :
Dr. Lyon, for beat Lady Rider, 82 50, 1.50, 1.00. J. A. McUu.ve, for Rnaa •ter Mare or Gelding, 85 00. D. M. McLean, for best Carriage Horae, bar nesaed m carriage, silver medal. J. H. Shaw, for the best team and wagon “"V*™ produce, comprising an aseortment of grain, roota, and fruit, 83.00, 2.00. Three competitors (who muat be reeidente of the county) required in each case.	1
Mrs. Jas Peever, of
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS!
-:o
o:*
at Radford.
Special Prizes donated ùy memliers of the Board o( Directors:
M1nR’,ce* one mile-00-2 °°' 1 00. Ladies' Bicycle Race, half ?)!?•	13)0 Boy's Bicycle Race, (under 15yre ), one mile, 82.00,
tOO. Mens Foot Race, one mile, 82.50, 1.50. Boy's Foot Race, (under 15
yrs.), half mile, $2.00, 1 00. Entry fee in all the above, 5 p.c. of purse Single tandem Team, 83.00, 2 00, 1.00.	P
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
Pergonal Mention.
ESTIMATES FURNISHED,
Mrs. Riper, of Ottawa, was visiting friends in town
Mr. Jas. Armstrong, of Radford, spent Sunday last in Am prior.
Miss Jennie C. Bryson, of Fort Cou-longe is spending a few days with her friend Miss Nina Hodgins.
Mr. and Mrs. Ben. Young drove to Braeside on Sunday and were the guests of Mr. John Young of that place.
Mrs. John Moorhead, cf Am prior, returned home on Saturday last after spending a week vie ting in this vicinity.
Mrs. James McGill Roney and her daughter, Helen, formerly of Portage du Fort and now of Chicago, are visiting | friends in this county at present.
little girl strayed from the house down to the river’s edge, and in some manner tumbled into the water. Mrs. Taylor
O
R8T-CLASS WORKMANSHIP^AND SAT-
ISFACTION GUARANTEED.
seek their fortunes in the West.
A requiem Mass was celebrated by Rev.
Father Kiernan, P. P., at Sheenboro, on Tuesday, the anniversary of the death of Rev. Father Shaloe. The organist, Miss V. A. Morris, was kindly assisted by Miss Stella McNeill, of Chapeau.
F. L. D.
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

Over $1,400 offered in Prizes.
S*1 Drowning Accident at Black River.
Mrs. Edward Taylor of Waltham and •
CÆ.%:	!i: I Refreshments served all day in the Dining Hall.
A good band will furnish music during the day.
Fares on regular trains at Reduced Rates.
Wheeled
- - Rigs.
o
Mi9. Hurdraan accompanied him.
Best value and lowest prices in town at the old stand
Bmreide Setae.
. FBïà*11
îràsafi SartMasasttS s
tine cattle.	| come upon them.
Black Quite a
Admission Adults, 25cts.; Children, lOots.
For prize lists and other information apply to
JOHN BECKETT, SB
B. GRAHAM,
•I
Main St, Shawville, Q.
Secretary-Treasurer,
Elmside, Que.
Drop in and get our price before making your spring purchases. It will pay.
M VIA*»1 ¦ XPEHIENel.
Sashes, Doors,
Mouldings, Blinds, etc., etc.,
manufactured.
mtmczjm 'M * * *, mr * m we.	.* .* .
A U kinds of Planing and Matching
eve. to call on Mr. and Mrs. W. A. trouble*, and feels 1W per cent better than Hodgin. of that town, and found them | "feu he Wan nalngth. pilla._
enjoying matrimional bliss to the fulleet extent. All report having «pent a de
SuSSsn's’as.e i
Sabbath, Mr. W. VVilaon officiated, also taking charge of the prey., »•*>« in I i.thw
»

H
TOAD! HARKI,
executed.
COPYRIGHT!
g^pS5S:!
Anyone
'£FS?S£
Building Contracts taken and Estimates Furnished.
iSffjr**
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN,
munn A CO.,
‘««xathe
LUMBER ALWAYS OK HAND.
PROVENDER FOR SALE.
. the 7th of • eon.
the evening.
Robt. McCredie,
R. G, Hodgins.
3«1

d« :>r. Few \ ark.





?






###PAGE###6###

•%
mm
% m-

B*
À REMARKABLE ANIMAI,.
«K ###
room, and from the bed beside her, she aj-di ei|ierl*nce t a |-»n* « “tter -1®* t^hlv tflking their wat-a at the txwinti- I	e horee whBt hie name was.
llil
"Give that to Rlale and get ready.' What can a "«lave to circumstance*	(To he Continued.) | HOW UK GOT THE TITLE.
room, and without another word the prau von Ratenow's door; it was lock-j of	broached. Aunt Lott and it may even be used tor the cutting ej^ "!>><*< or" is so attached to the
feSfSS ip-i-SSHE
0#^
IS	#=##;% :%### ###2#
mmsm mm#
^.«r——;— uel
a*S3a*i.?vj!£:«a^Ti! zsrysw»V *»»'» °» t"e_worlds fuel Sî» “	sa is-
„„ »tid ° tK? ffUSM SSm il4TS/*: K£ ’£ ”S	„..,r...... «	% 'ZZ&T
pushed a violin-case aside, drew out his inquire for Elsie. ^L^t'Lmnallv	eee.eee,eee Teas.	SOME OF H18 TRICKS.
H***
ps Mmssm mm
nnJ®= ite* MBs
WLU? wsa ebout to reply when e heavy “FereweH. .1*™^'- Vln	„,;Ume»L	for yer with the roi».
vi ject was thrown against the door
WINNING HER WAY
••JIM KEY," A HORSE WHICH CAN READ, WRITE AND COUNT.
XV11I
Sister Rente «at opposite Frau von ltahenow in the simple room. Their fares were both flushed for they could not agree. Frau von Ratenow had counted uj»on aid, and although she had found no enemy, she had found a power which seemed determined to remain neutral ; while Slater Reate conceded that the old lady warn right in many things, she pleaded Elsie's cause ; if the words had iasued from Moritz’s l i|te they could not have been more to the same effect, with this difference were more conciliating.
" That will do, my dear," Frau von
• we
Th#
that they
Ratenow at length interrupted do not understand each other ; that 1 can eee. You might be right from your standpoint, but you cannot pa sa judgment from ours. You live so simply and secluded here ; we live in the world, and that requires sacrifices even from
t
the
her
Elsie 1H
•• Rut not at the cost of one*» bappi-
ness I" was the reply.
Frau von Ratenow rose like to retire," said she. "I hoi* that at least you will not interfere with mv Intentions. Elsie must go home with me to-morrow."
" Certainly I shall net, madame, Elsie shall decide for herself "
" 1 think I shall conquer the etub-
“ Rut
"I should
born girl," added the old lady tell me, my dear, have you a doctor and a druggist in the placet"
" Certainly ; do you feel 111 amef"
" Oh, it will pass over
mad-
I only ask-
# #
no
her
So
••Ye."
«« Row f"
M That 1 cannot tell ; it is in the air,
the blossoms, the
In the spring air, in birds sing of it, and the water ™urinu^
ef it. ,
were
ng OI It, auu Lise »
Mew. dear heart, forget your
sorrow; all will change '
kisie shook her head and gazed upon the fresh. girlish face, into the dark eyes in which tears shimmered.
'• You are surprised at me, Elate i 1 have always seemed so superficial to you, have 1 not 1 Well* I will tell you frankly, 1 never took an interest in you. i ou were so infinitely tiresome with your grief for your lost lover; you were so horribly passive. But when 1 sa wyou so pale and sorrowful in spite of your great stroke of good fortune, at which every one was rejoicing. 1 felt sorry for you, and when you ran away yesterday, you won my entire heart at one stroke—everyone would not do that Kisie; hundreds of •iris would h#ve tacitly complied, and would have become Frau von Hego-bach. Mow, you may depend upon me. 21,I will help you, and Mont* will help you ; and even Frieda is not as vexed with you as she was."
Was she vexed with me I 1
i
some-
an
¦ ¦	*¦ ' ‘	î® walked over to a paii of water and
¦- silver dollar from the bottom
I any of the water. ____at this point If h*
drink out of Griffin's bot-
Willlam's" assis-


asked El-
*
M

ou»
**¦
I
'


Dr. Wil-




1*1 tins task.






###PAGE###7###
Version beautifully reads “curnmuiu-
M ,
earnMtly 18 *)-tbeie
OiLwm
THE PHYSICAL BOD!
your eternal aalvstlon Bleaeed will In' > lie reward In heaven for the faithful overwork, or from bending over a pa tient and oe tolling lue oontagioua breath, the doctor v urnes home and he lie* down faint and wick, ffc ie ton weary to feed Ills own pulae or take the diagnosis of hie own complaint . H
The fact is hie work on
¦¦¦¦¦ HI wait any longer; the doctor will never go there again, lie has written hie last nub wription for the alleviation of human fwiin. The pcoole will run up hie front ate;* and i mini re :	"How is the doctor
to-day/'* All the eym pat hies of
recuperative foroes of the physical or- shy's wig.** No, 1 announce these thing# gatiism, and cinohena tiark stopped the not only to incrotise the appreciation shivering ague of the world, and Sir of laymen in regard to the work of Aahlev tVwper. and Aliernethy, and physicians, but to stir In the hearts Hi mac*, and Roiiieyto, and uriecom, of the men of the uiediouL profession u [Valentine Mà>tt of the generation feeling of gratitude to God Uint they just past honored God and fought back have been allowed to put their hand death with their keen scalpels.	to suuh a magnificent work and that
If we who are laymen in medicine they have been called into such illua-wuxud understand what the medical trions company. Have you never felt S>! ofeHsion hue accomplished for the in- & spirit of gratitude for this op ; *u r tu ni-KanA. let ue look into the dungeons ty f Do you not feel thankful now f the poor creatures used to I* in- The Ok 1 am afraid, doctor, you are not c % re# rate, I. Madmen oh a i n ed naked to a Christian, and that the old proverb I he wall. A kennel of rotten straw their which Christ quoted in His sermon «fitly sleeping plue, lb joui un ventilated may be appropriate to you, md uniighted. The worot. calamity of ^eal thyself."
..........
™=~= mmssix S€tHfS=2
feet on an ottoman. In defiance of God peopde with vaccine from a cow the the nerves and fibres which cross whom he hated, he sends for certain grwnt ecotirge of nations may Iw arrest- ao‘* recrues this wonderful physical
conjuror* or quacki. The, come end *| r^inn'aUoô'’ ana!* ^ffcnrkïïur^ «e# mure twautjr even m malformation give him all aorta of lotion., and i»ana- *| K<lwanl Jenner a» riding in a great than an architect can i*>int out in anj They Weed him. They sweat pr,*w«i,m on the hack at a cow. and of hi# structure*, though it be the
¦a» r ssml îs EHïïroSÉ SES.
scarify him They drug him. They cut the human family and they gave in- Dr. Rush used to say, in his valedio-him They kill him. He was only a «Unœa where, they* said, actually horns tory addresses to the students of the
65 cririXu. .rsaa“ns
though very painful, eeldom proves to « hew the cud I But Dr. Jennerlthw pooket; a small pocket in which to put fetal to a young man. and he ought hero of medicines, want on fighting your fees, a large pocket in which to to have got well, but he fell a victim f(>r vaaoimatkm until it has been eels- put your annoyance#."
? "TT'.“dnrz.'f£	™
Asa in the thirty and ninth year of bis any one century destroyed I	. Jere and mechanics cannot afford to be
—--diseased in bis feet until l seeing along the streets of Bdm-	during the secular week, end eo
wZi.ord SrZ^iürBK°Sr5
but to the physicians And Asa slept of the shops and stores, and well might tbai j|B the ^bbath morning church w ith hla fathers." That Is. the doctors y**L photograph I» put in every win- aervice for the phyeloian. Besides that
...	» mJEfSBe EH: HeS
Bible seta forth the truth that you have hwh of the Arabs and the madrepore haat ,unoh at the restaurant, and on no right to shut God out from the rjaSd the Greek. But i the Sabbath they make up for their
r :r™HH I gpp-Ssg |g3gs*sg§
mrnmmmÊmmm-
received from the Head PbyeieUn of	^	and he »»w Ihe i^nia As th^ » *ptain .bould sink the hear to of children of one hmrsebold	n Eyü (or "An eye for an
the universe on the day when they | maue surgeon operating in the same bis alnpnff AnLigarist it, and	l	is * good figure of the mutual love Ol	& tooth fur a tooth.'* Provida
rsrrr r	= r sr £%	ÉES1*£&&£&£
devils of pain, and open tho <> -ai «>es, hreaths from the sponge and forgets all the ship. Too late for the palien	anticipating eavh other, Not rtvn!^ | tuwman. It is not a sign of goodness to
and unstop the deaf ears." God bless the pangs of the gunshot fracture, and Again, the medical profession oug; i lJX^ each other m candidates for poei- be inattentive to puhTic opinion, hut we
SSBSfisSSSS	KST -1
L-irclee of the eartn respond, "Amen " heaven. No more parents standing physicians was u warning. Ihera> ar U. Not sflothful in business ôloth-| ig If it be possible, as much as lleth Men of the medical profession we around a suffering child, struggling to ; awful crises in every medical prac ^ ^ business" ts a contradiction of in you. Two conditions which remind
SfflSTSSN9»®"1
mtmm telii PS£b%ifà ee;^:h?e iesseis
friend You stand at the gates of life [ mathematical demonstration, thus a Id- it be the five or Undtupe# I3e careful the apostle is steadily working. In law are not vengeance; the discipline
wm
¦
eating." Given to hospitality ally, "pursuing hoepiU/fty;" 1 making a point of this gia<i tivily, In Ihe ancient world were few inns ami no bourdinf ready for si rangers who came to a threat city, and many a person, of comfortable menus while at home, was exposed to danger and privation wbei in a foreign city. 1 Ins turned t hi entertainment of strangers into a grace and beneficence; au I it was so regarded I >y Jew# a ml pagans. Chrietian-ity w in held in general contempt by all Hastes, and a < hristian w ho alight ed in town wis less likely id lx» enter tained than almost any other man hence the grace of Christian boapitah ity is peculiarly emphasized in epistles; but it is a beautiful un<l helpful quality in every age of Christendom;. and though few Christian visitors have the same needs now that most had then we may still gain for ourselves a special blessing by pursuing hospitality. ‘Some have entertained angels unawares."
14.	Bless them that persecute you Act in your daily life according to the Sermon on the Mount. Remember what Jeaus «aid, as reported by l.uke, "Love ye your enemies, and do g K»«l, and Lend, never despairing.* hi Haul's day all Christians were persecuted; not all are now. The world has a very high opinion of Christim virtue so Long as it does not criticize the world's faults.
15.	Rejoice with them that do rejoice. and weep with them that wenja Dr Curry renders this phrase. "Laugh with the laughing, and sorrow with Hie sorrowing/' We should seek to be rich in H> mjmthy
I
ALSO A SUBJECT OF GODS CARE WHOSE TEMPLE IT IS.
an<i
Why Karlhly a*hy»lrian« ('««Id Met Cure
The Almighty la Ihe Mralm wfMrUlclee-Thr True Iteclbr Hleened.
us worn out. earth Le ended. Tell those the offloe there they need not
On Sunday Iter. Dr. Tel mage's text «w II. Ch runic lee xvi l:.
Asa, in the thirty and ninth year of hie reign, was diseased in his feet until his disease was exceeding great; >et in his disease he sought not to the l ord, hut to the physicians And Asa slept with his father»."
And
HhysirUn
the
neighl*>rhood will be aroused, and there will t« many prayer* that he who has lean #o kind to the sick may he com-
thf
for ted in bis Last in two or valescent yatients, with shawls wrallied around thorn wiil come to the window and look out at the passing hearse and the pour oi the city, ha refonte#! and bareheaded wiil stand on the street corner saying : “Oh. how good he was to ue ail." But on the other aide of the river of death some of his old patiente. who are forever cured, will come out to welcome him. and the physician of heaven, with looks am white as snow, according to the apocalyptic rimion. will I come out and say, “Come in. oome in. I was tick and ye visited me l,#
pang. It ie all over three days, hie con
him
IHE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
INTERNATIONAL LESSON, SEPT. 12.
" I'hrUllae llvlag.* Es*. If, f il Celdee
ItifL
of the same mind one toward another. This verse must be studied all together. In each of it* three olau.se* some form of the word rendered "mind" occurr*. We are to have a harmonized mind, each with the other ; so impartial mind, loving the low a* well ae the hieh ; a humble mind, not swaggering about our own wisdom. We cannot agree in all opinions; God never meant that we should. 'We are limited in our mental powers ; each of us is ex' YTe that | peeled by God to carry a* much of Cleave to divine truth ae our little souls will
that which is good* Literally, cohere, ajOQ g^batitutes tho word "things' for güue yourselves to the good. You can- "men" in the second ala use. but that not find word» which express loath- does not greatly alter the meaning We
more forcibly than abhor and cleave	verse without thinking of another
written by the same apostle
10. Be kindly affectionate one to an- greatest ol tiie-e is charity."
other with brotheriy love. Ihe «rue	^ easy to harmonize with others,
children of God are brothers and aie- &nd no onto Irelow our symjiathy, ana The lave of home which fills no one from whom we cannot learn wls-
PRAOTIOAL NOTE»
Verm 9. Let love be without dJa-aimiflaUon. Revised Version, ‘ hypocrisy not formal, merely, but sincere; not human courtesy, merely, but divine authority. The parlor pretenses of the et i quel tirai have no more moral standing. I Peter 1. 82; 1 John 3. 18. Abhor that which b evil, love the Lord, hate evil."
Asa bad
id
Hie
to.
With
with love we ahull
• Ll V
|T|
mg
dom
B

funnyigrams.
"How old are you. little girl V asked the kind lady of a three-year-old. "!'# not old at osll." was the reply. 'Ta most new."
Tibbs—" She is not only a fine-Iook-
sbe has £50.000 Nibbe—"What
log girl, but they haj in her own right." would you do if you had a wife like that ?" Squibb*—“Nothing "
Felix—"Do you mean that you can never be mine. Angelina ?" Angeline— "Well 1 won't go a ofar am that. Mr.
Iana going to marry an-but one never knows, you
Turndown other know
but
lomew's da and that
th
"Say." said Weary, as he looked up from tbs clover in the fence corner, "how do they get tit the gold up there in Alaaky ?" By washinV replied Weary'a pard. "Count me out." said
Weary
Newspaper CSassificstiows—Advertising clerk—""Your advertisement ba-¦ Wanted a silent_partner/_**
gins:	'Wanted a silent partne
Patron—"Yea : that's it." Clerk— you wish it placed under ‘Business Opportunities' or Matrimonial Ie M
Yea/' remarked a Chicago girl, "he represents one of the oldest families." "Doee be date before the Are "N
not so far back as that. But he’s one of the	'¦
style •
Do
people who have ridden the old of high wheels."








###PAGE###8###

«M * . + »

mâ
Farm for Sale.
Items of Inteiest.
London House
Legist u!ü'to!*"tTndnec‘ember.	gSSîfc SÏÏ'wnV VUS JTSSmJwji"
Th, =,,mb,,.hi,i ,1 111. »ri.r cl; rjj îîiW""”W “ now 110,000, » g*m of 10,000
The surplus has
1
I
•2071 & ‘259 Wellington St.
And
50, & <il Kent St.
*255, *257,
Tenth Annual
ROBERT STOREY
EXHIBITION
esters is
during the past year reached #2,s67|683
The shipment of cattle, sheep and	& Qrailit0 WOPkS
horses from the port of Montreal since	w
°T,K w’"Ck” «Sa w
horses, 5,970.
March yard, 1S97
m âx w w • »
53, u<>, o<
y
-3
AT
OTTAWA.
OTTAWA, ONT
Thorne Centre, Que.
•f
—o
was
Sept. 17 10 25,1897.
EH EîifvTrîS^1'.:! îsysia *j
MïïT W.'ÆÏ.Î?. Th’Mùwm
he fourni aeoonü to none lu the market.
A collision occurred between an extrain and a freight near Straihroy,
v last. J. O. O Bag of the freight train
f as
MEN'S PANTS.......
MEN'S PANTS.......
MEN'S PANTS.......
MEN'S PANTS.......
MEN'S PANTS.......
MEN’S PANTS.......
MEN'S PANTS.......
MEN'S PANTS.......
MEN'S PANTS.......
MEN’S PANTS.......
MEN S BLACK PANTS MEN'S BLACK PANTS MEN'S BLACD PA NTS (best) 2 50
pi 60
MEN'S SUITS..........
MEN'S SUITS..........
MEN’S SUITS...........
MEN'S SUITS...........
MEN'S SUITS .........
MEN S SUITS...........
MEN'S SUITS..........
MENS SUITS ..........
MEN S SUITS (Special)-
MEN'S SUITS (Leader)....
black worsted suits
BLACK WORSTED SUITS BLACK WORSTED SUITS
press
Out., on Wednesday
50
1 75
75
WAS
The Jubilee Exhibition of Eastern Ontario.
1 !K>
an, engineer killed.
Fearful mortality from fever is reported among the miners of the South Amen can gold fields. Geo. W. Adams, of Cripple Creek. Col., who has just return ed, says that not one man escapes out of every seventy-five.
The new and magnificent temple of the Independent Order of Foresters at Toronto. was opened on Thursday. August,26th.
ixsîï.: as-S ussstisw
of the Older from Canada and the l inter! VRLI(. noTIOB Is hereby given to all
Ss JXSLs? " *d' feSJli'SSH S
g jHH	Commissioners ortblsMontcipallty has bon
made and completed, and that It now Ik and
this notice, during which lime It may be
shall be taken into consideration and homologated with or without amendment, at the meeting of Commissioners to take place on
Shaw ville, at the hour often in the morning; hut Nueh delay expired It shall come Into force, and every person Interested Ik oblige»] to take cognizance thereof if he so desire, and to pay the amount of hla taxes to the undersigned at his office within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days wtth-
ll I veil at Vha w v 11 le tills thirtieth day of the month of August, one thousand eight bun-
b'uely-.«ve...1ATHE8oN,
Secretary Treasurer
95
2 25
1 25
2 75
STONE-MASONRY.-Contracts taken for all kinds of stone-masonry under architects plan*.
Correspondence Solicited.
1 50
o
3 25
1 75
The management are leaving nothing undone to make this year’s fair the beat on record. The prize list is increased, especially in live stock, poultry and dairy departments. $14,000 ottered, beanl*1» a list Of specials ; 31 gold medals, silver and bronze medals and special cash prizes, bo-cute a prize list and refer to liages 3 and 4 thereof. Accommodation for live stock admitted by exhibitors to be the best m
Canada.
Magnificent programme of Special Features (specially selected). Nothiniz like it ever before attempted by this Associa* tion, including the Cinematograph and Delorme's famous painting, “ l he ulac smith”, valued at $50,000.
1 50
2 00
2 25
3	75
4	50
4	95
5	00
JAMBS RILEY.
2 50
Public Notice.
2 75
2 00
1
G 00
7 50
LANG & KEMP,
A woman in Toronto in her will be queathed her body to the Ontario Medical College for Women, to be used for scientific purposes, and made her husband carry out her wish. She had been ill for months and had at times expressed a fear that she might be buried alived. In ac cordance with her wish her body was taken to the medical college for dissection.
DENTISTRY.
OTTAWA BUSIN ESS
COLLEGE
named :
Qu yon, Tue&ioy, Sept. Hth. ShairviUe, \Cedne&1<ty, Sept, 15th. Bryson, Thursday, Sept. 16th.
CamiMis Bay, Friday, Sept. 17th.
Paliiles* extraction of teeth.
Parties will oblige by calling early.
Evening Entertainments
<* # <4 |v
An Alaska liquor seller sold several bottles of whiskey to ten Indians. After drinking it five of the Indians died, and when the steamer which brought the news left, the other five were dying. F he liquor was a mixture of whiskey, coal oil, lemon juice and alcohol. Mcf»ee, th< seller, was arrested, but claims that he did not know that the liquor was adulterated.
Great historical spectacle “The Taking of the Bastile”, together with Fireworks Display, Military Maneuvering, Fancy Drill Squads, with all the specialty com-

Having determined to double our at
practical business and shorthand The Indian famine fund closed on the courses, we have something important to j#^ 0f ju]y )R8t with a total of $175,922. tell you regarding fees, etc. Do not fail Notwithstanding that it was closed then, to write for particulars. Fall term begins contributers have continued to come to the
August 1st.	,	extent of $3,239, so that the total now
JOHN KEITH, Principal, reaches $179,101. The whole amount 148*1.»4j Hank St., Ottawa.	been forwarded to India by Mr.
HHH|HHB||HM|HC'<>ortiK>y,	w*1"
was treasurer.
panics taking part
our
---o----
Visit Ottawa's Exhibition this year and be convinced that it is the “ up to date exhibition of central" Canada. The best of the year to visit the Capital of
Reducr<1 Rates as usual on all Railroads mid Steamboats.
HENS!
HENS!
HENS!
f
the
Vice-President Sh*ughne»sy of Canadian Pacific Railway, has assured the people of British Columbia that it is the policy of the C. P. R to see that the Uossland ores are smelted in Canadian territory, and that the Crow’s Nest Pas# Railway will be completed to Robson by September 1, 18H8, and that coke would be laid down there at $5 or @5 50 per ton. Coke is now somewhere about $15 per ton.
Tacoma, Wash., Sept. 2.-About one thousand Chinese were arrested by the Japanese authorities in the	<»f
Formosa late in July and put in jail. The
Chinese had just landed from Amoy and
Canton, with the intention of reinforcing the Chinese rebels, who attacked the Japanese quarters at Taipch at that time. A pitched battle was fought and four hundred men were killed. The Japanese succeeded in driving the rebels back, and the Government at Tokio hastened to re inforce their troops and police in Forme»
S7”It will pay you to keep the best.
season
the Dominion
V

Arthur Smilev,
o
Bright’s Disease.
rndertnker, F.inbaliner and j Funeral Director i
The undersigned offers for sale at reasonable prices a limited number of the following
Barred Plymouth
Rocks, Buff Cochins, Black Minorcas. *
UNDONE HODGINS.
SHAWVILLE.
They have doue me any amountof good." the word* of Nelson Green, of Gall, In hpeaking of Ills rescue from kidney and urinary difficulty by the use of Doan’s Kidney rills. Mr. Green says that he only fried them out of curiosity, but it was a
lucky experiment In his case. He Is now h cured man. feeling stron?, well and In good spirits.
For all particulars apply to
were
nn
SIIAWVILLE - - Ql'E.
Win. Hutchison,M.P., E. McMahon,
ALL om IKS WILL ME. mi Personal Atten
vareities
Secretary
President
i
Telephone No
J
GOD SAVE THE QUEEN.
Dragoons Will Be There.
WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY etc. etc.
THE FAMOUS TORONTO SQUADRON WILL RIDE AT THE OTTAWA FAIR.
20th Annual
EXHIBITION
The Royal Canadian Dragoons attend the Central Canada Fair this year The directors of the exhibition, yielding to the request of many, decided to the heavy expense uf having the renowned troop appear in Ottawa a second time. They doubtless will be well repaid, for two years ago when they gave their “musical ride" in the capital the thousands who attended the fair agreed that the ride was the moat beautiful exhibition of military equitation they had ever seen. The Ottawa Citizen had the following in regard to the attraction :
“If there was one event of the evening which more than another merited the appreciation so enthusiastically showered upon the choice items of the program it certainly the musical ride of th* R .yal Canadian Dragoons. The intricate evolutions of the menage were performed with a precision of movement and atten tion to details that must have delighted the hearts of every military man on the grounds. The performance was one that appealed as well to those of the spectators unversed in the manual of cavalry drill. As an exhibition of perfection in military equitation it warn alone well worth the price of admission. It is of course a picked squad from the Toronto squadron, nevertheless its performance ia a sight calculated to imbue the patriotic beholder with a sense of pride in the achievements of the Canadian regular force. Both and horses seem to have well nigh attained the acme of proficiency in that most effective, from a spectacular point of view at least, of all military evolutions. The ride was capitally executed, the drill in troop and sections almost faultless,and the lance exercise a revelation in a ecu racy, the men of course judging their own time throughout. Judged by the excla mations of delight with which the mounted performance was greeted last night it ia evident that it ia bound to be one of the moat popular features of the entire program of exhibition specialties.”
Among other splendid attractions secured for the exhibition are the Va Id is twin sisters
eccentric comedians ; Guy Bros. Minstrels ; the Rosso Midgets ; the Richards, acrobatic kings; and the Barretts. The Richards and the Barretts are the leading artiste in their particular lines in America to-day, and perform feats that are simply astounding. The Lowell's are very funny and have been great favorites wherever they have appeared.

are to
i
li
t./ %¦
sa
mcui
Mr. — H. B. Alex
Toronto. Sept. 2 ander, D L. S , who has been surveying
in the Shoal Lake district (Manitoba) re ports the finding by parties there of a mountain of galena which he says will xty per cent, of pure lead and hundred ounces of pure silver to the ton. The property, he says, had been staked out by some party, or parties, unknown Great excitement, is reported in Rat Portage over the find, and several pros pecting parties have left for the new Eldorado.

OF
Pontiac Pacific Junction By.
Agricultural See., No. 2, County of Pontiac.
Jk complete stock of the above always on hand at
o
one
run si
Official Time Table :
ille.
Main St. - - Sha
ECIA LTV.
MSPA1RJKU A
AM
P.M
Arrive 9 15
Hill 4 Ay Hr Electric By
Aylmer tBrecken ridge
?	Eardley Parker’s Crossing
?	Mohrs Quyon
Wy man's ?Tank Bristol McKee’s
Hhawvllle Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank VVInton Couionge •Mellon's Waltham
45 Leave
9.21
«01
9.06
You are cordially invited to attend the annual exhibition of the above Society, which will be held on Wednesday and Thursday,
?U2
8 58
6.18
8 50
«26
8 40
TIME TABLE
6.37
8.22
6.47
9.14
Leave Aylmer for Hull
A.M.—6 30. 7 30, 8.15, 0 00. 0.45, 10 30,11.15. PM—12 15, 12.45, 1.15, 1.45, 2 15, 2.45, 3 15, 3 45, 4 16, 4.45, 6 15. 5 45, G.15, G 45, 7.15, 7 45, 8.15, 9.10, 9.50. 10.30.	.
Leave Hull for Aylmer.
A.M.—7 30, 8.15, 9.00, 9.45, 10 30,
P.M.—12.30, 1 00,
6/8
The Bale Mac.
8. US
was
6 58
6 02
7 04
7 52
26
7.81
45
7.18
8.00
O
7.16
• •
8 03
7.06
8.12
I have just received notice that my fall stock of Scotch Tweeds has arrived at Quebec per steamer "Pomeranian.”
0.54
8 80
6 Si
8.47
Leave
8.55 Arrive
11.15, 12 00 noon 1.30, 2 00 , 2 30, 3 00, 3 30, 4.00, 4 30, 5.00, 6 30, GOO, 6 30, 7 00, 7 30, 8.00, 8 30, 9 10, 9.50, 10 30, 11.15.
Cars run dally, Sundays included. Close connections are made wlib all t anadian I a-clflc and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull aud with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
H. B. SPENCER.
•Flag Station, flank. ?'Flag Station
in the Society’s Grounds at Chapeau, Q.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Ayltner.
P. W. RESSBMAN,
general superintendent
A. R. McGuire,
Addresses will be delivered by Messrs. W. J. Poupore, M. P., D. Gillies, M.P.P., T.
Murray, and several other gentlemen.
“ The Tailor.”
P.S. —Wait for them,
JAKES MEAN
Managing Director
men
BRYSON, QUE.,
FOR SALE.
MANUFACTURER OF
Sawn Lumber, Laths,Shingles, Dressed Lumber, Clapboards, Mouldings, Doors, Sashes,
Blinds, etc.
Scroll Sawing, Turning, and In fact all kinds of Builders Supplies turned out
Custum Sawing, Planing and Matching done on shortest
notice.
m
TUIE FARMERS’ CLUB of Calumet Inland 1 have for sale a Thoroughbred Ayrshire Bull with registered pedigree This Bull was purchased by them from James Drummond of Petite Cote and is a splendid animal. He will be on exhibition at Shawvllle, and will be offered for sale there. Anyone desirous of Improving their stock would do well to Inspect this animal before purchasing elee-
f
J
A large sum offered in-prizes for the best exhibits of Live Stock, Grain, Fruits, Vegetables, Manufactured Articles, Dairy Products and Ladies’ Department.
Admission children under 12 yrs , lOcts.
For further information apply to
»
I
*
JOHN KELLEHER,
Btc’y, Farmers’ Clnb
<
Dun raven P. O
Lowell and Lowell, the

WANTED.
: 3
i
AGENTS : In every district on the continent
nun not earning $i000 per year. Get In coin munlcallon with our nearest office. An opportunity to represent a well ostablished house. Ability more important than experience.
Luke Brothers Company,
International Nurseries,	#
Chicago. III. Montreal, ». Rochester, N.Y
Adults, 25cts.;
• »
CURES
COLIC, CHOLERA, CHOLERA* MORBUS, DIARRHOEA, DYSENTERY,
Art «II SUMMER COMPLAINTS «I
Children or Adulte.
Builders Estimates Furnished? on
Application.
H&Cgara'i Yellow Oil.
TEREHCB SMITH,
The great pain cu re. used externally cures rheumatism, swellings, spralnm, bruises, stiffness, pain and serenes of every descrlp-________¦ I----------------	tton. Internally used It cures croup, cold*,
Beware of imitations.
Secretary,
Chapeau, Q.
Panel Doors from $1 up. Other material proportionately low.
rmics. Me.





	

