###PAGE###1###
1
-



¦A

v;






No.. 11 —18 th Yeah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
THURSDAY, AUG. 30.	1000
)
A Host of Presents
The North Renfrew Fair taken place at Benchburg this year on October 4tli and 5th.
Mr. Fair) mi in, of Ottawa, agent for tho Page Wire Fencing Company, wne in town last week, over-weeing the putting up of a fence along the east side of St. Paul’s church cemetery, which was much needed, and will make a great improvement to that much neglected enclosure. Mr. F., we learn, has given the local agency for his company to '
McGuire.
Over-Taxed.—The amount of carpenter work to be done in Shaw ville and vicinity at present seems to he in excess of the number of mechanics available. In order to tit up his building for the drug store which Mr. Box intends opening therein, Mr. R. Hobbs had to get a tradesman from Renfrew -Mr. McNuh— to do the work. Mr. W. B. Crawford, too, who is erecting a large coal oil shed had to draw on our neighbors of Campbell's Bay, to do the job within the time that he requires the building for i Mr. George M. Smith is now engaged the work. This affords an instance of the prevailing state of things in the village. At present there are no idle hands in Shawville—in fact we very seldom have any.
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
New Goods !
The following generous list of presents wore received by Mrs. W. H. Brown, of Leslie, (nee Miss Kaften burg) on the occasion of her marriage on August 10th :—
Writing .1,-Hk sud bureau by the groom.
Faniil) bible, by the groom'» father,
Sidtdmard and pair blankets, by groom's mother*
U«“king chair, .Mi»* Susie Brown.
I'ulr rollers, by bride's mother.
H« t smoothing irons, by the bridesmaid.
Half-dozen cops and saucera, Mux Suftenburg.
Mr. and Mrs I P Safj« nhurg, glas» tea set.
Mr and Mis JO lirown, glass water pitcher.
Mr John Johnston, glims water pitcher.
Miss Janet Johnston, pair lace pillow shame.
Rev Mr and Mm Williams, pepper and sait caster. Miss Maxwell, looking glass.
Mr and Mr» J Hamilton, and Mr and Mrs W J Smith, set of dishes.
Miss Mary Quisle, parlor lamp.
Mis» Lizzie Queale, glass tea set.
Mr and Mrs W Palmer, glana water set.
Mr and Mrs Chas Reid, glass berry set-Mr and Mrs Chas Palmer, parlor lamp.
Mr and Mrs Joe le Hill, pair lace curtains.
Mrs Louis Hagenais, quilt.
Miss Maggie Black, pair towels.
Mr George Black, glass fruit dish.
Mr and Mrs F Parker, glass tea set
Mr and Mr» D Moore and family, glass water set and
Mr and Mrs K Kirk, glass rake dish.
Mtests Kate and Jennie Kirk, glass water set and
Head Office : .. ..
('b|'Mni ¦ulKcrtlied CNpital paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA. ..........#1
.........1,7.11.080.
..........1,401,810.
OF CANADA.
\
i
IU-at
Hoard of Director» :
- $6,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
CAPITAL
.
Chaules Maure, Esq., President. George Hay, khq..Vice-President.
flow. (Iso. Bryson, Jr.	John Mather, Rhq..
Albx. Fraser, Eng , David MacLarkn, Hug.,
Dm nu Mvupmv, Ehq.
Amvafcfor pa|| Trade.


Head Office, - Montreal»
Mr. “ Vic.*
General Manager .. .. Manager
OEORGE BURN, D. M. FINNIC,

Dram he* :
IN ONTARIO:
Kwwatlu. lanark, Kempt v.lie, Parry hound Mattawa,	Pembroke,
Ottawa,	Hat Portage,
do Bank 8t. Renfrew do Rideau Ht. Toronto, Vaokleek Hill, Smith'* Fall*
IN MANITOBA
Portage La Prairie I* QUEBEC ;
SHAW VILLE BRANCH.
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
•
Office Hours .
Saturdays . .
Alexandria, A rn prior,
A von more, Hnw’ebridge, Carle ton
We are now receiving large consignments of Goods for the coming Fall and Winter Trade :

Place,
Hawkeabury,

Winnipeg,
Dauphin
10 A.M.T0 3 P.M.
Montreal,	Hull.	lauhute.
Agent# in Canada, New York and Chicago-Dank of Montreal.
Agents In 8* Pml—Merchant* Nat Dank.
Agents In Loudon, Kng.—Parr’* Bank Ltd.
Dress Goods,
Cloakings,
Ladies’ Cloth Jackets,
Underwear,
Hosiery,
Trimmings, Smallwares,
Boots and Shoes, Mitts and Gloves, Moccasins, &c.,

10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
5,
use
tray.
F A. PARKER, Manager.
un
Ja« Gilchrist, glass water pitcher.
Ml»* Carrie Hamilton, judr towel».
Mis* Kva and Mr Hiram Hamilton, glass water met Mr and Mr* B F Reid, lamp.
Mr* Henry Small, pair towel*.
Mr J*h Woods, lamp.
Mrs Ja* Wood#, jar.
Mr N&m Smith, China toilet aet.
Mr Robt Allan, glana water pitcher.
E-sSSSS-
held in Shawville MethodiHt church on Mr and Mrs J Si-arling, glass water pitcher.
ThUr^f’ti,8ept„13th, \VC m '<uite üiîjMC^o»Vdrfru.tdhhe.
sure that bhawvillians of all clieee» will Ml** BoUd, silk handkerchief.
M1COme to,the f"rty	SdSd. teupoon».
or so of minister h and laymen w ho are ex- mi** k»*ie Brown, table cover;
UNDERTAKING	pCCted to be present.	Mr and Mrs J Judd, glas» pitcher.
-Fsas -	6 E-ffiREÎSEfe
ssEssflsàs	SSrrssï "	EESS” - -¦
----?	*	vited fur the evening are: Rev. G. Ben Carey, table napkin*.
ÆÆSÿKftîK iTi; ;ïï ïfSSîr
in,s^a5.:E=K'"'.......................................................—
menfc of Bain wagons last week.	how to secure it.” Rev. H. 8. Osborne, Mrs H Reid, vegetable dish.
—
Mr. Charles B. Wright,, grandson of Mr. trict, 41 Dues he believe and j reach all m rend Mr*‘GeoKsparUng, jar and vegetable dkh,
I Mi i loti ion Wright, the founder of	Hull,	our Doctrines.” It is expected that	there	Ma*vr Dan Brown, hen and rooster.
died on Saturday, the 18th inst.	will be a street service also	fr>m	7	to	8	iî^wBu.îfi'hï'c^'i'^dk^ Ud!'0	nti'
Mr. VV. D. ArmiUge has been	re-en-	(,’c^xjt'n T .	,	.	„	xu.t.r Umi«, c^U-ndk^-hi.r.
CJMSS ' “• **’- "" ^ss^SV-'SSX ti
Wo omitted mentioning last week the death of Mr. .ins. Laird, one of the oldest residents <»f Bristol township.
Tho price of cheese dropped several points on tho Ottawa exchange board last w eek.
Mr. George Klock went up by train on Thursday niirht with a gang of men for the K B. Eddy Company 4 Couloiige
limits.
No owner has yet turned lip for the tan (Indy’s) kid glove found on Court street on June last and handed into this office by Mr. Geo. Findlay.
Mr. Duncan Rons, merchant and postmaster of Ladysmith, we learn has gone out to the Red Deer district of Alberta, with tho object of locating there if the prospects are satisfactory.
Mr. Alex Ferguson, Q. €., one of the best known lawyers of Ottawa, was thrown from his horse near Billing’s Bridge on Friday morning, and had his neck broken.
Mr. Johnston, agent for the S. I. Wilson Lumber Co., of Toronto, was in town last week, and purchased a quantity of lumber from Messrs. V ithbertson, Graham & Elliott.
( )no hundred men are engaged TuT tbwy-, construction of tho Pontiac Pacific Jwue-X large gang of shanty men in charge j yon Railway company’s line between of Agent R. Moorhead, went tip by train Dpschcnes and Hull. The work is being on Wednesday en route for Gillies Bros', pushed with all possible dispatch and it is (Fraser) limits on Cuulongo.	expected to be finished by the first of Oc-
Mr. John B. Ralph, of Bryson, has the |to,K l' contract for building the several stables, sheds, etc., on the exhibition grounds, and began tho work last week.
Mr. Ketchum, of Ottawa, has arranged I day last. Thirty thousand enthusiastic to be in Shawville on Saturday, Sept, citizens were on hand to welcome the 8th, with a number, of bicycles. He will brave fellows, who with few exceptions remain only till Monday, Sept. 10th. appeared to be in the pink of health and
„	,	,,	, .	... spirits—glad to reach home once more.
For Sale—A steam threshing outfit, ‘
comprising engine and separator, the Granolithic Pavements Pay.—The whole in good working order.	tow n of Simcoe, Oat., which is about the
Apply to Benj. Workman, same s;ze as Perth, has over fifteen miles
Char tor is. | ()f concrete walks, and is now taking
_r U? m v i l I steps to build a 3^-fuofc walk to the conic-
New Store.—Mr. > . 1. j, "Iim L Simcoe was a pioneer town in this opened business in H. Holms old stand evidently thinks the concrete walks last week, desires to call the attention of	Th-y will also pay in Shawville
the public to his select stuck of new w^cn people get over the unprogressive groceries, canned goods, fancy crockery, | »^ea wo C{inn(,t afford them and China ware, patent medicines, etc., which is now open for inspection. Call and examine tho goods.
Dr. Klock has in his possession 8 potatoes, grown _	¦ ^ Hi
Calumet Island, that aggregate 5 lbs in
weight. The Dr. couldn’t give us the tendance, the meeting vvas a fairly reprename of the particular variety to which «ÿj*” «"•; »nd the business wb.cfc it these immense tubers belong, hnt ho says had to deal with was dispoeed of m a sat-it is wonderfully prolific- «id, hill con I factory manner. It was arranged that
taining 1A pails of potatoes.
Church Services
METHODIST CHURCH;
Pastors—Rev. W. Bowman Tucker, M.A., Ph. D. Rev W. R. Johnston.
Service* every Sabbath at 10.80 a.m.; 7, p m. Sunday School at 9 90, a. m.
Epworth League. Monday evening at 8.00.. Ladles' Prayer Meeting. Tuesday 7.80. p.m. General Prayer Meeting. Friday, 7,30, p.m. Everyone welcome.
fcg.
Talking about Closing! 11
No, Indeed.

IT IS HE-OPENINC
C
>1-
I
We are Talking1 About.
THE AUTUMN SESSION OF THE
Pontiac Business College
—will open on—
Tuesday, September 4th, 1900,
ta
i
For the study of Commercial Subjects, Shorthand, Typewriting, English. French, and other special studies.
AT Special attention to backward students.
As only a limited number of new student* can be accommodated for this session, early application fur enhance should l>e made.
A postal will bring full particulars.
AuPMCKS
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE,
Bryson, - Que.
1

We anticipate a big trade and have bought accordingly. Our stock will be found larger and more complete than usual.
We sell high-class goods and always make prices to me.et any legitimate competition.
I


-
4
Com
/
Shawville Council
i
* rnAT YO! O Reilly That Otta a Minute f regular session of the Mu-umn,, Hu.*;llj\ who imagines the Creator nicinal Council of the Municipality of has designed him for pnrliamcn ary dis- the village of Shawville, held on Monday tmction, with special reference to the re- »j,e day *,f August, MOO. presentation of the County of Pontiac, Present,' Mr. Mayor Geo. Hynes ; took occasion on Sunday last after Mas, r,,uncilWs G. F. llodgins, John A. we are informed, to harangue the Ymtn i;OWHn an,i Arthur Smiley - 'mgrvgati<m on ( hi poiitinl issues of tne Moved by conn. Horigins, seconded by day, and incidentally to drive home to enuili SmiV-y, that minutes of last meet* their mmds m most f rcildu terms his ing lie adopted.—Carried, own peculiar fitness for the position of Moved by conn, llodgins, seconded by their representative in Parliament. After Coun. Smiley, that the following hills be assailing the lute member in unmeasured passed, viz :-Joseph Turner, for 1,000 terms, the intrepid Phillip outlined what feet of scantling at $12.00 per thousand, he proposed doing for the County in the $12.00; Wm. Smith, 027 feet of plank, way of relieving it of its railway debt, $n v> . \vm. Elliott, 2 days cleaning and solemnly declared that if he did not drain. |2 Go. r.n ried. succeed in removing seme portion of t ;m’ obligation he would never show his phy-siog in Pontiac again.
While Mr O’Ueiliy could quite safely give this pledge, from the remoteness of the probability that he will ever have an opportunity of fulfilling it, the infliction on himself of the penalty lie mentions in casa of failure to do as he says, will, we venture to predict, in nowise do to the feelings of Pontiac’s As already remarked, no one Ottawa real estate man very s-.


i
LOCAL NEWS.
e
J. H. SHAW.
4#

For Organs, Pianos and Sowing Ma-A. Howard at Pontiac I louse.
Billerica has now telephone connection with the rest of the county.
For Fashionable Dressmaking cal] Miss McHugh, over G. F. H origins
chines
set
i

on
store
For Sale—A few bushels of seed fall wheat
Snaps in
1
\V. 11. CoRRKiAN,
Lot 18. R. 4, Clarendon
A petition from Alex McDonald and 41 ratepayers was received and laid over for
consideration.
Moved by conn. llodgins, seconded by coun. Cowan, that the valuators get no* lice to proceed with tho revision of the valuation mil at as early a date as possible.—Carried.
Moved by coun. llodgins, seconded by coun. Smiley, that this meeting do now adjourn till Monday, tho 18th, hist.
»
The Capital Lacrosse Club have won the senior championship for the present
season.
The Firemens demonstration at Pembroke last w eek is reported to have been
a grand success.
Mr. W. W. Ireland is removing into his new residence, Pickaiuxk street, this
v.i etc
In tho list of officers of tho Oddfellows lodge organized hero last week, wo omit ted the name of Jas. Naylor, who was appointed Treasurer.
anus



ence electorate.
going1 fast !
I

K
si)
A special session <»f the Council was held on Mondry, the 20th <<f August inst. Present, Mr. Mayor George Hynes; Councillors G. F. Horigins, J.
John A. Cowan, Jas. Hades and Smiley.
Moved by coun. Smiley, seconded by coun. Endos, that in virtue of by-law No. 58, of this Council, the sum of $10.00 be collected from each of the following merchants, viz Stewart, Karl and Box, who have recently opened up or arc about to open up business within the limits of this corporation, and at the same time in the event of any of the said parties becoming transient traders the full tax ns expressed in the by-law be charged.— Carried.
Meeting adjourned on motion.
f
Kickapon Indian. Medicine Co., (Party No. 51) concluded a two week's encampment here on Tuesday of lust week, and during their sojourn in our town, drew comparatively large crowds every night, and must have taken in several hundred dollars for their various medicines. Inducements to buy, in the line of prizes were ottered nearly every night, and several of our citizens now rejoice in the possession of domestic articles of move oi less value. The crowning feature of these donations, so far as popular interest was concerned, was the awarding of a handsome ring at the closing performance to the accredited most popular youhg lady in town. The competition started with about a dozen aspirants for the distinction, but popular favor seemed to centre upon about a quarter of the number, so that when the contest closed the list had narrowed down to three -Misses Mary Wilson, Lena Richardson and Tessie Tuer riff. When the votes were counted, Miss Wilson was declared the winner, whereat her friends made the mid-night air resound with uproarious cheers, and then everyone sought their homes, feeling that the whole thing was only for sport, anyway, and therefore no occasion for kicking on the part of anybody.
j,Ve have the following BARGAINS only nov
.. remaining : ..
One only Hood Square Piano, rosewood case
One Gilbert Piano
One Dominion Square Piano, rosewood case, carved logs, in splendid
condition
The above all on three years payments.
il
i
• e
• •
$ 75.
One hundred and nineteen invalided Canadian soldiers disembarked from Steamer Lake Outario at Quebec on Fri-
• e
# •
# #
150.
# e
# #
• •

}
150.
• e


BRISTOL
For further particulars see
Mr. J. R Horner, .. Shawville,
who is our authorized representative for the Counties of Pontiac and Ottawa.

(Too late for last week.)
Mr. Heman Armstrong has resumed his-duties in No. 1 school again.
Mrs. David Morrison, who has been very ill is slowly recovering,
Miss Alice Russell, of Am prior, is visiting relatives here.
Miss Sophy Armstrong is visiting at Mr. J. Morrison's.
Mrs. A. Russell, of Clarendon Front, visited her daughter, Mrs. Jas. Dodds, last week.
Mr. Thos. Sheppard, of Quyon, spent Sunday at Mr. Wm. Sheppard's.
Mrs. Wm. Young, of Almonte, is visiting at Mr. John Young’s.
Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Dean and baby, of Starke's, spent Sunday at Mr. Geo, Reid's.
Miss Maggie Cuthhertson accompanied by her brother, was visiting friends in Renfrew and Carleton Place last week.
Mrs. Win. Warren, of Ottawa, Is visiting at her sister’s.
Home young man must have met with an accident Sunday night, as he just ar
as the m’t wait


D. W. KARN COMPANY, L’t’d,
The Executive Committee of tho County Liberal Conservative Association held its first meeting at Fort Coulonge on by Mr! Arthur McVoi^h, of I Thursday night, the 23rd inst. ;
».	*	_	. .	• I	I /«f i nn mnni onro
197 SPARKS STREET, OTTAWA.
ongo on Although
several of the members were not in at
PERSONAL
Farm for Sale
Farm to Let.
Miss Annie McRae has returned homo from tho Springs near Pakenham.
Miss Etta Beni bow, of Ottawa, is the ueht of her friend, Mies Frances Brown*
Mr. Ermine Brownlee, of Ottawa, is on a visit to his juirents.
Rev. H. Naylor, accompanied by Mrs. Naylor and their two children, arrived here from the Yukon on Wednesday
meetings of the electors in the several polling sub-divisions, for the purpose of Withheld.—Wo have received another I appointing delegates to attend a convcn-communicAtion from Mr. J. IS. White, of iion, are to be called by the Committee-Ottawa, with further reference to eomyj men representing those sub-divisions, on misunderstanding, or friction betwei Spates to be decided upon by themselves, himself and a rev. gentleman of Qnyoft, %ot later, however, than tho 10th of Kep-As the affair strikes us am altogether a tomber. The date for holding the con-personal matter between the writer and rent ion, which is to assemble at Shaw-the clergyman, in which the public can ville, is to l>e decided later. Printed no-have no very deep interest—certainly not tices of these meetings will lie posted up the majority of our readers—we have dc- in tho respective localities, so that all in-cided not to give its publicity. The tercsted electors will have due notice of The Equity is not that of giv- thereof, to the end that they may have a
large attendance.
Comprising lots 17, 1* ami 10, on Range 44 A " of t he township of Leslie, and containing 817 acres, more or less, about 100 of which are cleared and in good condition. On the premises are erected the following buildings : Dwelling house, 22\80 feet ; barn, 26x:*0 feet ; two frame sheds—on© 20x80, the oilier 20x30 ; cow house. 22x21 ; stable, 22x21 ; granary, 16x20 ; pig-house, 12x20; milk-house, 16x1$. Good pump and well-house, and the premises are otherwise well watered. Farm will l>e sold on reasonable terms. For further particulars apply to
- MR. AND MRS. CHAS. RETD,
Residing on Farm,
\
)
The undersigned offers to let for a term of years his Farm, situated on the 7th range of Clarendon, two miles from Shaw* ville railway station. The farm contains 200 acres and is in good condition with all necessary machinery in good working or.
without stock as desired. For terms and all other information apply to
JOHN M. HUDGINS,
Shawville.
ii


Premises will he leased with or
lost
Mrs. Dilworth is absent visiting rela- rived home Monday morning tiveH at Lakeview, Que.	whistle was blowing for six. D
Miss Pearl Tester, of Renfrew, is the, so long the next time or it may be the
guest of Miss Louise Lester. .	>oos " HIbTLE
mission
ing express! n to personal broils
Leslie, Aug. 11,1000.

\






Z

a


###PAGE###2###

t*


\
; Care of Young Children.'
WITH BU WET AND BOTHA
By the time Ladysmith! was Invest
ed his name wool already tn>re on the
and vmult the sputa in great quantities Measles and whooping rough are very contagious, more so t'hnn diphtheria and scarlet fever, and whooping rough om undoubtedly be con I rioted in the open air.
MONKEYS IN INDIA.
I
i

0
1
tongues of the burghers till even TRAITS OF CHARACTER OF THE| Joubert’e, and hi» d,Tones of the TWO BOER LEADERS.
4re IhimiuIIv l.mllermi* <’iniw 1er fell, of Tlielr Hu limn t'onMiit.
<
Breathing I» an exercise In Itaelf. •‘When i was i ru wiling in Northern	«h u d not purposely study tbs
India," said a gentleman who* had re- &na(omical conditions of the throat
a Journey around Bn(* 1 uBga ; It is with the emotional, constantiy im« !,<>t nnatumioal aide of his art that
One of the reasons why *o many
Tugvla raised him to first place in the hearts of the» fighting rank and (>^ <>l,r Uttle children
Thus, when Joubert died
are wearing the ®pcctnolea is because in infancy they
*
Pern Plein re» fey a London <orre*pon«lrm file
Irmy-Bolh Boerchiefs mantle fell naturally and rtr* oftetl H0 Placed iu cribs or car-
properly upon Louis Hot ha.	nages that they sleep or awaken with
Students of the aft militant who go Perversity of fate, which had de- the Utile lenses in their eyes exposed k> the trouble to delve into the pet-1 ^tha the power to act and di- too much to the sunlight, ty Intriguait"], the Ins and outs of the
Chicken |H>x commences with slight ^ntly completed fevi'i . After t went.v-f.mr hours m ( |lti w<mM
erupt ion of reddisih pimples Appears, preset*! w ith the aluitwt human ways | linger has to do. For the generally thickest on the back. In a |0j the monkey* there. ,1 (Iiy or two these become blisters, and
"llh ikf Horr leiMli rn t.rrat We*
was
i pruo-
You see they I t*oal purpose of singing, a knowledge are tnever molested, which is also true	^ 1)e muscles of the throat is
*re .IS tame *eAS M 6 knowledge of the muscles of !A "arm ha h is auj impudent as spoiled children. I *ke arm is for the playing of cricket.
rning	aro n°t infrequent where these

ue use*
Mothers should remember not to
rect whom his energy and talents
war, will, I think, says a special cor-1 Ulight	l believe, accomplished ,ef bahy awaken with its eyes to
mespo»nd#nt of the London Dally Mail, wonders, now crowned him with au- R aun,il widow. The retina, the dark-diseovor a mounted infantry leader| ferity msponsibility at
of rare ability in Douerai Christian j	it was impossible to stem the cpivps *k© light, and this chamber is
Ik* Wet. Like Botha, he was compara- (itle ixf adversity. Even his supposed ,lie	dleloate piece of mech ui-
liv>*ly unknown when hostilities com-1 ,mthoaity as Comma ndant-Uenerul ls™’ in our anatomy. We realise how monc^I, and affords another illustra-I W;lM ftt j6aat far a tim<l| ollly nominal oU,er i*°Pfe from (he glare tim of tho adage that every war pro-1 The direoti(>n of military affatiS b,,bl>M could speak they would rebel Auimxs its own generals.
within a week disappear. Little medl-; 0f the bints, and they i ii>n is called Cur
good, and of course the child should
"1 re111« 1111*tr that <>ne mu while wo ware Hitting at breakfast on I ana,(*™ical studies have u tendency
the veranda of <>ur hotel, suddenly wt j ? UP ,lfl4,rt of nervous di id in
I he Sinew that th.' breathing Is n t being done the correct rect breathing is an acquired habit, induced sometimes by an elaborate means taken to avoid it pie hints are all that are necessary; ilie rest of what is called the art oi brealthing is very much a matter oi
instinct.
bour *"ed chamber, behind the uppil, re-
an
he isolated, and xQiould be watched lest I sva r t be f ce by scratch n g t h ‘ erup tion. If necessary put ootton mit-lf tens on the little hands and tie them loosely lo keep them from the face. Earache, so often common with lit, lie children, is a severe pun and is
mid nurse*.	I usually accomplinied, with a sharp
On, ot «V mo*. dreaded m.Uad.e* to	^ )mjn ,ikv|) bl, pl0.
1 m,>l 1,1 18 11 un*>'	1 la “	"° longed and continuous, Twenty diops
kind»—simple end membranous The of warm ws[er sbûuld be pul toto ,he
. f"81 to,y l>fleu bf 're',ted bytihl’mn ear, and a poultice of flaxseed appli-retnedica. lb, second never. Simple ^ wam bu, n|>, t00 „ol| or the bot
croup is rarely dn.ngeroua, even j w<f#r b	be beld agalll3l ,he
,h0l“^	,h*	"e’"m	”7	ear. A good dev lee, recommended by
ala lining 1. may eome on gradual- ^ Holt> ,# |(J fj„ (h, lmle flllger
ly wi ha - old m .be heed, v .th wheez- a kjJ g|(we „„„ ho|	nud ms3rt
Ing <iud booi senes* ur the child in iy
be awakened in the night by sudden
short ness of breath and violent cliok-
I
heard the noisiest chattering, and down the main street of the town tv tine a crowd of long-tailed monkeys, running a race evidently shrieked and chattered at every leap, tripped each other up, pulled each other's tails and seemed to be having a generally hilarious time. While we left the table to watch their antics some Indian crows that had been solemnly lined up on the veranda rail watching us eat, made a dash for the food and had quite a fight with the native servant before they were finally driven away.
"But the monkeys of India are surely the muet irresponsible people in the world," continued the traveler "1 cull thorn people because they are such ludicrous counterfeits of humans
way. Inoar-
They
at the carelessness of some mothers
I
was retained by Pros dent Kruger, »>r Of medium height, square build, hi. | by him deIeglltwl t(> ,lD incompetent fi, u < gives an impression of strength sud enduranoe, while the strong lines of his fuse and keen blue eyes at once Blank tbe mail aa clever and alert.
6n appoaranoe he more nearly approxi*
A few aiin-
aiui vacillating war department iu Pretoria.
BOTHA'S STUPENDOUS TASK.
Yet under the weight of a stupend oils tu.sk Louis Botha never faltered Off repined. To the end, the bitter end, he maintained a bold and confident demeanour. Seldom did he betray irritation to the hindering jealousy of his lieutentnnts or the crass wavering at Pretoria did I hear him complain disgustedly that he could not even shift ft commando of 100 from one position to another without submitting the proposition to the War Office. On the occasion to which I refer the authorization did not arrive until lapse of
Avoid breathing through the mouth; whenever posaibie inhale through the nostrils. This allows the nose to ify and warm the air before reaching the throat, which needs to be in order for the production of good tone. It is frequently remarked that such and such an artist’s voice proved later in the evening, which means that the singer’s throat became warmed as the concert or opera pro-
and crying. Keep the room warm.	Noi i.ikrij to Kt*c In Price*	In many of tha old temples there	are	Ceoded* and n(,t *bat *be voice improv-
Hot clothes or poult foes can be np-	j The Chinese crisis will not inter-	monkey settlements. I remember	one	***' ^ough the tone may have done
plied to the throat, and either a croup	rui>l	the supply of fans, except, pos-	iu particular which wan soared to	the	**' breathing constantly through the
kettle, which can he bought at any	*ible	of rare specimens of very high	simian». There seemed to be thous-	m(>uLb inclines to dry the throat and
tinui had nullifi^ the Proposed move- d^g itWi or an ordinary tea kettle value.	and# of the creature», and I was told make voi<* hunky. But it is im-
He pulled all his own chest-	. kept boiling In the room.	, China, (perhaps, was the home of the that 5,000 had recently been taken to pi-,w‘ble 1 '	d<c Lima tory music
nuts out of the fire, grabbed a big 11 b 1,1 arrny 1	pioportmn The steam from a boiling tea ket-	(hough the honor is also claim- tine woods to get rid of them. But "Rhoul breathing through the mouth
eonvuy, he likes convoys, as well, and t>f whloh waa totally disorganized and tle# m iy tie introduced to the orib by etl by Japan. Thai idea of a fan ori- iu this temple 1 saw little simian mo- lt * evwi neoesnory, for effect, that opened a hole through which Cronje dl(I n(>t w«nt to fight,	with even such	plnC|Dg a 8bept avpr an umbrella	ginated, no doubt, in the palmetto	times nestling and rocking their	*be breathing should	at times be audi-
might have orawled had that un for- f|gbting 8!>llit 85 dld	remiin< °?n*	raised in the crib, and the steam can	ieafi borne to and fro by the breeze,	babic* in their arms for all the world	ble ; ttnd in long	Handelixn pas-
tumite general been less pig-headed. tlnUa 11 y wpp*d by / h,‘ disaffection	(hpn be introduced beneath the tent,	folded delicately and compactly by	like a Christian mother. I ventured	sagea* and f,orid	ot that des-
Be shi'uld by all the rules of clublan<1 contrariness of jealous generals, ff (he symptoms are urgent ten nature's hand. Either expanded or to pick up one of the infants that C‘ri|>tl
window war critics, have been nabbed w|,b Subordination	running not,	drops of the syrup of ipecac should	undeveloped,	it is suggestive of the	wa# running about, and instantly the	lbrougb 1 h.-	mouth	are	allowed ;	oth-
"look, stock, and barrel" at Wepener.1 *llb bw hands tied	by th* Pretoria	be glveu PVery fifteen minutes until	j two principal	methods of making fansj	baby gave	a typical infantile squeal I	erwi*e	tb«	singer	oould	not	inhale
Not he. He effected a safe retreat War 0f^ep' hl>w Gene™1 Botha ever j frpp ^ uniting occurs.	I To this day palm leaf fans, which pre- and the excited mother came to me, brealh and kt**p in strix5t lime*
around the British right wing, and a W " tlge<1 f<> pn>#erve	cquammt.y	A very simply mide remedy is lemon	wrve the natural beauty of the leaf,	chattering	angrily. 1 put the infant
juiKiion with Botha, and lived to] and pm*nt ‘ *******	fa6e (,> hls %	on Sugar. This will cut the mucus.	are made ln	china. In Chinese re-	down, and	the mother, her eyes still
harass Lord Roberts'line of com muni- oou,raged men 1 CaQuot telL IIe dld	This is usually liked by children, and	oorda there is mention of the use of	blazing with anger, carried the lit-	n<> l^rceptible movement of the body
They thought they had mi^age, somehow.	it is easy to give. Membranous croup	funs to keep the dust from the wheels	tie owe to a corner and lotted and	at alL Nevor take	in breath ot 1
kim at Lindley. Instead, he had thorn, Kh PI ,IRA,îT ANU HEAD.	entirely beyond the care of the mo- of the chariots as far back as the rocked it, frequently turning to give ?udden wben only practicing; alI anticipate the English generals will	. Harassing him always, ever march-' lheT a9 if is	really diphtheria of the	chow dynasty, 1100 DC. a scornful look.	though the singing of certain pas-
have a merry chase before they round	mg ,u'M<sssly 011 the hpeli of hlS, larynx. Often the most critical opera-	The artists of the Celestial Empire ‘ R i* not uncommon for the mon-	*agttS obliges the performer to do mo.
weary rear guard, came the count-	ti(>ns	bnve	to	be	performed	to save	^ probably the originators of csli-	keys in	the trees to reach down and	Ti* ribs ahouW expM,d 8ldowuya ia
*** battalions of Lord Roberts ,	Jife.	graphic and pictorial decoration on	seize the traveler's hut as he passes,	^ taking of breath-the chest rising
| army; behind him, at Pretoria, whence cholera infantum, one of the most faIw. The Negroni collection, sold •‘Perhaps the most remarkable sight *nd falUng WMth each pbra^
General Be Wet at Thaba Kop. He	hh mld have comp encouragement and	fdtaj dlflPflSt,3 among young children,	| ln Ltmdon in 1866, included many of	in connection with the monkeys in ln-	breathmg-such as when a	lady’s
had resolved to bait back a British	aid* whvre only	despair, confusion, un-'	dually begins with diarrhoea, or in-	the famoua album fans	^ long and ^	dia	X witnessed early one morning We	Moulders rise as if they were	about
force which was hovering on him	Certainty’ vacillation, hope sinking in digeNlLou. n	comes from overfeed-	greatly popular in China. Some of wem riding in the highway and by a	to expand likti wiuK8-nut ™ly Urea
flank and embarrassing his retreat,	1 he slough of dospond, treachery lift- iugl heat and	impure air, and is often	these fans were sold for £900 apiece, j vacant field Suddenly from thm	the thro&t, but makes a disagreeable
and so disposed his commandoes on	ms lts hitW>Ufl head. Vet, through uggravted by	teething, though never	They were richly ornamented and ! neighboring forest a troop of monkey*	^pression on the audience. Singer*
a number of	kopjes.	The	position	warn	l^’aud bl Hp‘ld a11, Bl,,ha lt’tainpd	caused by it.	covered with amorous and complimen-	entered	the field and began a regu-	sll"uld °inoe 8 daf practice before a
clew.rely	chosen,	and	an	engagement	hi" g<K>d h^trt' and what wafl lwtler:	The	child	loses	flesh	rapidly, be-	Ujy inscriptions, and were supposed	iar May	dance, taking hold of hands	^ingglssa, in order to correct any
would certainly have resulted in a	6tl11’ hus hpadl	|	comes restless, feverish, ham intestinal	to have longed to the	Emperors and	and	foffining a large circle, than danc-	faultj$ arUing ,rt>m dp(pctive breath-
severe check to the British had it	. Daring thlW	weoka the milD,s phy-.	P*in aud excessive thirst, but no np-	Empresses of China.	The first fan	^	round and round and chattering	lng or ,rom grimu,CA Br*aih	must
come about.	j Meal exertions were marvellous. When petite, and the food does not assimil- of lhls	wbich we have parti- gleefully."	never be taken between a head note
An incident, one the most slngu- hp rested' " hen he slept,	ate. Medical	be summoned clllar mention in Chinese poetry
lar in	war, turned the affair into a. no man 6,1 ve himself	(xm tell,	early: the child should be kept	cool	that of the Princess	Pan, A. D.	550.
farce.	The British force, apparently	^ y afler day be waa in the saddle,	and usually iu the open air. Oom-
aumU	j several thowsind men, de-	I^,lin8 .il<»ug the firing	line, orj	piste change of air is advisable.	vourite of	the Emperor Chi-eng Si of	roli»li	rrliiee	i.ivisg	1»
ployed, and advanced with the evident 6tru>rKling vainly to cheok the per-f in our crowded cities and towns, the Ham dynasty. Finding her star	All It «-cord». •	Na.sal singing destroys the carrying
purpose of taking the Boer positions hLsfe,nt* suJUm re,treat of the hi>i>e-| where it is impossible for mothers to w lfae wan6i she aent him a circular A Polish Prince, who lives in a splen- power of the voice. Voices which are by assault. This was precisely what	hlin8ry hurgbers; night after g(> away during the summer, babies faDj ^ %bicbshe had written verses did house on the Avenue du Bois de metallic in sound carry best. Singers
General De Wet wanted. He h id pre-	Illgh' hLS slhlC1;11 train	baok 1<>	are often attacked I y this dread	ma-	de6cribing	herself as	an Autumn	or	Boulogne,	Paris, used	to be set down whose voices are naturally soft in
pared a neat	little	trap. The Brit-	*>ret<>ldl* carrying him to a midnight	lady. I have seen many babies saved
lah ware yet	fully	1,500 yards a way, I	e<>nf*rNlce Nvith the	aged President,1	by being at thv seaside for s day. The
and the Boers were only sniping mild- ,mm wh<x« bunds the reins of con-{ early morning air will revive these
Iy to draw them on, when suddenly tix>1 xwre fil6t slipping
two English	field batteries opened, 11 x'as lt sucb 1	-nfaience that!	Measles is not always confined to
and shrapnel	began	to scatter leaden	B’ b 1 l>ne<’ aud fl>1	a11 t^me 1>ut ai	children, but is most common among
"stuffing" over the kopjes. Without ^‘tus on the proposition to destroy
waaniug, without orders, without any J<*anne*burg, by threatening, if that
targible reasons that one can lay plan w<ia uot in9ta,ltly abandoned, to
hold of, the Bikers deserted their posi- Iay hLs «*i*“*tk*l ^nthe President's
lions and began a preoipiiate flight.
In five minutes it
mates the typical Boor of tlu veldt %hau ilo a nLijouity of the Boer gen-sj' ils. His dress is careless but cleanly enough, and his board runs wild. Apt to appear somewhat stern at times, his manner is frank and free and at once confidential relations are esta Wished.
DE WET A STRATEGIST.
De Wet is a consummate strategist. Be is, in my opinion, infinitely clever-•r than the average British cavalry officer, against whom he is pitted, lie •hould have been taken, with all his
pur-
war in
* his m the enr before the heat is applied upon the outside.
Once—only once—
lin-
ing The child should be propped up
Avoid
COSTLY CHINESE FANS.
with pillows, nnd kept quiet everything lh;it will excite coughing Tl|r oiknml Arcei»orlee lo ike Toilet
heavy artillery, at Kimberley. But he
wasn't

!
what are called half-breath»
U*

Never heave up the shoulders in the act of taking breath; there thould be

ea t ions

up th<‘ Five State leader
I do not know when I ever felt eo sorry for a tnan as I did


False
for


and a chest note ; the transition from the one vpuoe to the other must be done with very little breath and very
MAGNIFICENT DINNER.
The Prinoesa was for a time the fa-
rarl* Broke 8oftly

Ever eiuoe in China	by hie	acquaintances as a miser, be-	quality should therefore try to	ac-
cauae	he never entertained.	Last	quire a little stridency in tone ; and,
winter 50 of his friends were astonish-I vice versa, singers whose voices are
ed by an invitation from him to din- too strident should aim at a rounder
nor. They went, and sat down to a and softer quality, ln some hulls the
magnificent feast in a huge room, one reverberation blurs the tone of the
them It begins usually with a cold akin and	requires delicate	treatment.	eud	which waa covered by a	great	voice, therefore the singer must	ac-
Just	beneath	the skin,	below the	screen	of white silk. Oysters	were	commodate the amount of tone to	the
I	throat, cough and some fever.	The	little half moon,	lies the	matrix from	**rved on beds of powdered ice,	when	acoustic properties of	the place where
,	average period of incubation is	about	which the nail	grows.	It is easily	suddenly the electric lamps died	away,	he is singing. Iu a	warm, oppres-
table. His w is, at that hour, (he	e|gbt days. Ou the fourth or fifth	bruised, and the result shows in sub-	and on a screen flashed out a living	sive room,	it	is necessary to reserve
was a stampede,	on** coul head; his the one strong	day the eruption of pimples comes out	sequent white spots or ridges. Borax	picture of women standing shivering	the power	of	the voice, because foro-
whlch carried De Wet's entire force, band.	jin dark, somewhat crescent shaped soften the nails and makes them amen. knee-deep in freezing water, picking ing the voice under such oircurn-
artillery, laagers and all, back for	Botha left the Boer army, it |>;itches, first ou the face, neck, arms, able to treatment.	oysters from the rocks. With the stances allows it to become easily fa-
miles. This belongs to the	w^uid have evaporated like smoke. &nd later on the trunk and legs. This Sometimes the nails split and are course a smack was seen pitching tigued and used up. The best way of
INEXPLICABLE	THINGS	OF WAR.	tenoral B-nhi a personal appear-	usually lasts from two to five days,	very brittle.» Frequently this is due	eo heavily that the guests cried in	combating	an	echo in a hall is never
When	1	climbed	down	from my	nno*n>wt atr‘king. A magnificent^	jhen diarrhoea is apt to set in. The j	to a deficiency of lime in the system.	***rur, "Oh, they will be drowned l"	to shout.	It	appeal» easy to sing in
position on a kopje and rode back i Phy^QU* 13 tvpp*wi l)V 1	l,ir® child should be carefully guarded from Olive or sweet almond oil well rubbed ^en and women next appeared work- a hall full of vibration, but this is a
tv the Hoofd Laager, to learn what- singular openness and charm, draughts. The utmost care should be into them will often cure the tendency in% in vineyards on a wet, misty deception. The tone goes all around
had	caused	the retreat	of the	Boers,!	îs^ver	bave	I	encountered a moie	observed during convalescence, as	to break easily.	day, ankle-deep in gray slush.	With	the singer’s ears, and	he cannot hear
1	found	only	General	De Wet	and,	^ iooiug	t	-n	ilit	\,	a	qu ility which	bronchitis, pneumonia, gastric	trou-	Never use a sharp instrument under	8very magnificent course fresh scenes	properly when he sings aloud, and so
ah>ut fifty burghers. Tears of rage	enhanced his influence with hies, sore eyes and ears are apt' to the nails. Remove all particles with misery passed in silence before the he loses control of the tone; it is
-i *bc badapemdent dpiiit w ho com- follow this disease. All reading mat- a flattened orange woodstiokor ivory saddened guests. The Prince had therefore advisable losing piano and
! ter should be kept from a child un- nail cleaner, to avoid scratching fur- revenged himself for their cruel re- feel the way, as the quieter tone tra-
marks, but at an estimated cost of over $20,000.
neglected fan a neglected wife is called an Autumn fan.
little sufferers
THE NAILS
The nail is but a continuation of the
in the bead, sneezing, hoarseness, sore

and mortification dimmed the
gen
eral’s eye» and trickled down his poewd the Boer commandoes.
beard, and his	utterance	was thick- When the war	U	over Botha	will	til after the system has regained its	rows on the under	surface,
ened by emotion. Seeing me dismount ** a $K>"ne,r *ur reconciliation.	; tone, and some mot hers have used the j For discolored or stained finger nails
and salute, he addressed mein Dutch, By nature the man is gentle as homely but useful green shade at 1 a teaspoonful of lemon juice in a cup
forgetting that I could not under- a chlld’ wbicb	90 of 16,11 true 0* times when the eyes were unusually of warm water is invaluable. It is	ECONOMY.	I produced by the breath alone. Aman
stand him. Remembering this, he LLW*'n <>f UIlUsU l1 vuuiage, altogether, Weak.	one of the safest and best manicure Hilltop—You must be doing mighty | [n a raging passion will swell the
a model hustkind and father, edu-	The wind colic of infants seldom re- acids. It will loosen the cuticle, if it weB* old man, to he able to charter a
cated, refined, a	devout but	nut	quires medical treatment. It is usu-	is inclined to adhere to the base	of	the yacbt'.
"1 hope you	will not	mention In	bigoted Christian,	a	man who would	aj|y due to unsuitable food, or, in the	nail, when it may	be gently	pressed
four reports	the way my burghers	be honored and	respected in	any	CQ86 ^ a nursing baby, to the condi-	back,
behaved to-day, he said
vela better and the percussion ia not so great as iu a loud, shouting tone. Increase and decrease of tone are

t
salleJj W interpreter, for he speaks English poorly.
muscles of the throat and grow red
in the face in at tempting to give ut-Capton—Not at all. I'm doing it | France to his anger ; but he is, into save money
deed, as the phrase goes, ‘‘choking himself with rage,*1 because he is trying to get a terrific volume of voice by physical pressure on the throat, and the more he swells his veins and muscles the less able is he to speak at all. Singers, therefore, should not attempt to get a crescendo by pressing the muscles of the- throat. Command of breach is the only method.
community in the world
How’s that f
tlon of the mother. Do not give the The too frequent use of polishing child soothing syrups, but see that powder is a mistake its feet are warm. L t h m lie on a hot the nail and causes
1 cannot
understand their action, unless the devil p:*wessed them."
When the war began Louis Botha was unknown to fame. Under Lucas
I’m going to k^*p my wife at sea for
as it dries up
it to break a "hole month
ON THE COVER.
water bag on bis stomach. If the	easily. The daily use of the chamois
Our cover	design t	is	month	Is a	j colic continues, a half cupful of warm	rubber, minus the powder, is quite suf-
Meyer	he	had	served	with	credit	in	*oBatte of Pasttil bluft	lawn. 1 hi	'k.: (	wateT containing ten drops of tu.r-	ficient to keep the nails rosy and suf-
a campaign	or	two	against	the	Kaf-! 18 trimm d	|h ljlQ'ls,)*	emb‘ oi'lcred	pentjne Ja good. Rub the abdomen	ficiotlny well polished. After wash-
I lawn at each side of the narrow front
ITS ONE BLESSING.
Hot weather is a great help after
all
fire, where he distinguished himself enough to secure aseat in the Volks-raad. In that body he kept modestly in the background, as befitted his y oui h, but quickly became recognized as a man of sense and caution, and gained a position among the leaders! yards of the Progressive party. Like Jon-
gent Iy. Half a soda mint tablet ing the banda, press the tip of each may be given m a tabJespoonful of finger in the towel while drying them, very warm water, or two or three, with a view to tapering them. Broad	^ hen it is hot we feel justified in
drops of gin in hot water.	fingers may be much improved if this P^Hing unpleasant work till it
The cry from colic is usually a becomes a regular habit.	grows cooler,
strong, hard cry. With this (here is drawing up of the feet, contraction of the muscles of the face and other ! signs of pain, It is well to be prompt any Letter#
in treating the child.	| No; the only sleep he ever gets Is
when I think I hear a burglar down-
gore. The corsage is trimmed diagonally with embroidery and is mounted
What do you ineanf
on a yoke of tucked plain lawn finished with stock collar to match. The sleeves are of all-over lawn. Material required, lawn, 30 inches wide, nine
CHINESE ARMY
The total number of Chinese in the neighborhood of TLen-Tein is placed at 200,000. The majority of them are armed with Mausers, and they have also excellent Krupp, Nordenfeldt and
CONTRARY INSOMNIA
COFFEE AS A DISINFECTANT.
The unpleasant scent of tobacco Hinging to curtains and furniture be dispelled by sprinkling ground
coffee on a shovel, setting it alight I Maxim fiTunfl- manufactured in the and carrying Hue latter about the I Chinese arsenals or bought in Europe.
loom. Coffee fumes are, in all admirable as disinfectants.
Doesn’t your husband's insomnia get
bert, Botha was for peace at reasonable sacrifice, but when he became convinced that the independence of his country was threatened he donned rifle and bandolier and hur-
EA6IER.
any
Don't you think every man is master
Whooping cough begins like
of his own destiny i Oh, I don’t know; he gets out of a lot ordinary cold, ibe peculiar whoop not
being beard until after the first ten
an
stairs

Although this force looks formidable on paper, yet the discipline is so lax that there is no doubt they could offer but «light resistance to an army of 50,000 fully equipped men of one
of blame by letting somebody else boss things.
JUDGED BY HER. DEEDS
cases
ried to the border
days. It lasts from one to tforee months. In fine weather the child should he kept out of doors, should
That slender Miss Simpson looks like a very delicate girl.
Oh, I don’t know; she must have a bave a light, unetimulating diet, and 1 good d#a, o( .length to squeeze her special care should be taken to avoid waist in like that. s
The command of the Vrybeid burghers was given to Lucas Meyer by virtue of his seniority and military experience. Botha was nominated assist ant-genera l, a sort of makeshift
GETTING HER REVENGE.
I've frequently noticed one thing, What's that f
ETERNAL VIGILANCE.
Eliza, why do you write sc many let- | nationality ter# in such hot weather!
Well, David, if I don’t keep all onr relatives posted on the awful heat here they will be landing visit.
When a woman has had	a first-hue-	constipation. In	all	diseases	of	the
rank	hastily	created for the	purposes	band whom a he couldn't	manage she	lungs or air passages	the	child	should
of the war.	The young commander-a	generally turns in and	marriaa one	be kept quiet,
he ia	only	thirty-six--aoon	demon-	younger than herself whom she oaa	with pure air
well elevated,
À HARDENED CASE
THE WISE MAN’S DEFICIENCY.
temperature How oft you'll eee a man who'll earn
1 The admiration of the earth,
But who in trade can never learn Somehow to get his money's worth.
Stone seems te be s.confirmed eld
tn I bachelor.
I Yea; he wool dut get married for
in an even
Tbe head should be as children swallow
i
elm led hie *è#hty

manage
lore
4








###PAGE###3###

V





Y
r
nalds to Lady Cirmlnow, **hU ohar-nolers are anything but actual pc>-ple."
"16 would not be right to have the V | girl hero ns a kind of laughing stock," lid Clarice, with a inagnaniirv/u-s air, is If she were defending the absent.
"Not by any means as a laughing-st<rk, only us something fresh, arid bright, and original." argued Mrs. Mill. ibor.
count of wbat took plaoe at the a Urged
cabinet meeting is reliable, we are «orry to find Prince Ching, who ha# hitherto been considered a moderate conservative, in the same oamp witg Prince Tuan and the rest of thal
UNREQUITED LOVE.
%
! ;

Vi/

è h
fi

a


BY Mias M. B. BRÀDDON
He ie, however, a triminor •§
group.
trimmers, and was doubtless quioktf discern the growing change in the Soule of political power at court.
As for the future prospects of the agitation, our informants are inclined to take an extremely serious viewt The present leader of the Boxers formerly resided in the south and had
off to die M for dinner. After noon t*%* Stella looked at him with wonder- was much the pleasantest meal of the Ing, earnest eyes, uj he «ut beside the day at this particular .season, when it old tutor's desk. He was a man for was just light enough to dispense wit h whom life was on the wane. He had lamps and just cold enough to enjoy passed the floodtide of life and fame, a wood fire. Lady Car mi now, secure and strength and beauty.
CHAPTER XII.—Continued
w
Hut she is only a kind of servant,"
It would be cruel to

urged Clarice unsettle her mind."
"1 think her mind is too well furnished to be easily unsettled," said Nestor! us, "a kind of servant who knows
iÉÊk %.
in i h ICiousnes* of sound daylight Although he had passed the prime Iwvauty, lounged gracefully in an of manhood be was not yet even an oriental
*
while Lady
•ome connection with the Ko-lao hul, eo that it to justly feared that the latter may at any moment join with the Boxera. Moreover, the people is general are very much excited by their etrong superstitious belief that when an intercalary month occurs — as it does in the present year, according to lunar calendar — between thq eighth and ninth months of the year of the Rat, or the seventh Stem, the country will be bar passed by great political convulsions, and, furthermore, that such convulsions will b# justifiable and proper, as they are the will of heaven
smouldering fire of antagonism to th#
Manchu dynasty in the southern pro*
vinces, and nobody will be so hold as to predict that the disturbances thus
far happily confined to the country
around the capital will not lead to
genera* disorder and great convulsions
tb/oughout the whole Kmpirs.
tea-gown
elderly man. lie was nearer fifty t ban	Sophia, who knew	that	a habit was
six!y ; him hair was still dark, albeit	the one costume which	really	suited	I	h'lf 1 <,oz^n	languages	i‘‘	not	likely
•freaked with gray, a sable silvered, her, balanced herself on the toes and lo r,1,il 1 *"	il s"rvinl
Even to Stella, to whom his history	bee to of her neat	little	lx>ots	before	|	<w	*' 1 h-lf	Kiri	will	«?	ri	:«•	out	some
was almost a blank, Mr. Nesturious	the fire place and	honored the	com-
pany with one of those graphic des-1 <dder
a run which ire ho in
poor Leahmar bnsely inf I ng to the narrator I ber bond agi years ago, when ho was a little child." sod such an intolerable bore to the) Mrs. Mulciber pounced upon Stella “You knew Lord Lashmur, sir, my t udieuce Lord Lashmar f1 exclaimed Stella bieathlc^sly.
Yes i he and I were great friends, for graceful sprawling, was reclining | take the girl to the library though my original friendship
V
i

Rely up-
i

\
career for herself before aha is much

i
. Hhe has been In bondage hitherto, but she has made good use of
Appeared an interest in man ' So this ii Stella, thr young lady of oriptione of whom 1 heard from
t
!
r


t b«
%

«
r
31
iVï;
in the corridor on the following afternoon, introduced herself with of fee-

Mia. Vava.sour, who never sat on a
chair when she could find an excuse| lion.le familiarity, and wanted to
"We all
‘I
I
w
m
her want you to come to tea," ehe sai-L
" 's on (be hearthrug caressing with her ladyship’s side of (he house,	poodle, while the bishop’s daughters, I	"Mr.	N<wtorius has	been telling	us
Poor Laehmar interested me; be was	who disapproved of the lady but	how clever and how nice you are."
admired thu poodle, showed their ex- To h«>r surprise Stella flatly refus-‘ He was the best and noblest man pcrience of society by their polite at-1 ed.
tentions to the dog and their cool "I used almost to live in that room Within your knowledge, yes. I can	avoidance of the owner. Mrs. Mulct*	when	I was a child,"	she said. "It	is
understand and admire your grateful	her, looking like the goddess of plenty |	there	I m<wt vividly	remember Lord
affection for him," answered Nestor!
iüfcs
i

Add to this the long-

a remarkable young man."



I h it ever lived,’1 said Stella
»

m

in a tailor gown, presided ut a tea- Lashmar—-ray Lord Lash mar it was at Harrogate I'table richly furnished with every | ghost haunts the room. I could not nu i him for t ho last time. You n mem. variety i muffin and bun 1er. \ e uer. U
Ilia

wv
f.
oui gently
bear to hear talk and laughter and to It was one of Lady Lashmar’i bad | see strange faces there." days, and she was not to appear until
P*

TO DEVELOP TUE NECK.
as i here with y u une
L 4
-In
Autumn."
I he first unwelcome signs of come with the relaxing of the muscles of the throat. This condition is also largely due to the high cellar» so generally worn
"You are a foolish girl," said Mrs.
'Your life must be hideously dull, a positive slavery, the
hard work without the privileges of an upper servant, and here is an opportunity for improving your position ~ud getting your superiority recognized by the very best people."
"I don't care for the best people," the girl answered bluntly are nothing to me. I would rather
.... ...	„	i. if	fi *	,	. be with Mr. Verner than with t he
He has bis reward, since you re- « ‘^ene. u^recmUon o elas.ie flnmt of Lady LilslimBr.a lrienda
OM-mber him with tear,,- auid Nestori.1hlmntm ; and yet .be tw all . girl'.	forget that Mr .Neetoriua g
To know
age
"We only stayed a few days ; the dinner time place did not suit him, and he anxious to go bank to the castle," said P°or Verner.
Mu Ici ber
1 have had a j'ujg talk with your brother'» protege,’* said Mr. Nestoriua, luxuriously seated at Lady
"Yea. I remember; and one of hia Carminow’e elbow and enjoying bis
second cup of tea. "She is the most I *
I U
Follette of grayish pastel-green canvaa veiling, combined with oream canvas veiling. Five-gored skirt of cream veiling, trimmed with horizontal bands of cream aatin ribbon. Overskirt of green, a Lashed at the left aide, la trimmed with applique lace and in gracefully draped on the left hip with a silver buckle. The corsage fastens at the aide and is trimmed with lace and a buckle. Corselet of black satin with silver bur kb s. Material required, veiling 45 inches wide, 9 yards.
was
At every possible moment of leisure or solitude these ruth-toss destroyers of the tbi oat's rounded contour should be promptly discarded. It is a noticeable fact that the throats of singers retain thetw past fifty years, strongly built and firmness, and while, symmetrical 1 with a commanding presence.” Dur- beauty until ve:y late in life. This ing the. last few years be has been us- to owing to their necessarily unfetter-eiduously cultivating the acqu lintanre e(* dressing and the exercise the mus* of all classes of men, and there are ctos get from vocal culture.
I
I
reasons for that anxiety was the
latence of an udo-pted daughter, a 'extraordinary girl I ever met."
"As how Î ' asked Lasbmar, ooldly.
!
child of seven, about whom he talked to me.”
"She is not twenty, and she has read
"He was too good to me” faltered mor* than most women of fifty. She
knows half a dozen languages, and has
"They
THE! ARE A BAD BAND
Stella

WHAT A JAPANESE PAPER SAYS Or THE CHINESE BOXERS.
his scheme of humility and a perfect unconscious education and how receptive he had al- neAS that she is gifted above the rest
mmi ÈB5ÊF-5
hus carried ou his pupil's work." *“ b*6U crummad by Mr Verner,
Verner has made m life 8U ®cceotrio <>* the purest water—" happy,” said Stella "I shouhf haV "Tbtiro “ nothing unwomanly in «f getting on in the world is know
been quite miserable without him " M'»*-Mis»_by tb« bf 1 <*id “«t hear 1°« «mart people."
"Not very /Uttering to her lady- ^ aaraiime lhu> mornin«' tibe w““ “Tben 1 8hl11 Dever *et 00• ,or 1 ness piper. Kwo Wen Pao, at Tien
.hip," remarked Mr. Neetorius, looking j mt.r°dUCed t0 me “ Stella''’ hat* emart	a , I Tern - two gentlemen who, it cannot
•t her thoughtfully, that keen eye of ' He‘ ,abber'e name w“ Bold wood," Nothing more was «id about Stel- ^ ,Jenie|li enjo). eiceptiona, facilities
his noting the bUck stuff gown and aBeue,ed hashmar, but she has been la. In the evening the Vavasour* for keeping themselves au courant of
linen collar, the utter absence of girl-I °,“lei1 bere by ^ other nau“ lhan ltarte<1 eamfle: dumb or:imb(>- chara- passing events in China says the Ub ornament;	jSteHa* Utir falbtir waa a Blatant des, clumps, the usual kind of thing, jokyo, Japan, Times
"1 am grateful for L idy L-isb	w^° Pleached socialistic and Mr. Nestoriua excelled at dumb cram-
y	’ atheistic opinions to the operatives of bo
' Brumm. No influence so baleful for
ue "Yes. be told
me

among those very people such a man is a liberal education/

The following exercises are extreme*
said to be several other traits in hie rb racier that differentiate him from i ly beneficial vhore the neck usd
other members of the imperial throat begin ti show signs of at tenu-Evidently he is a man of ation and softening ; lofty ambitions, for it is widely whis-
Kr«lived Oui of a Olfbmlfd Wee:fl Ah th ««elution Known n* ih Soeli'lf — Onre Opp »««I lo the H mill
While Illy family
Let the head fall forward until the
The information we are now going pt-red that since the appointment of chin rests upon the chest. Raise slow-to reproduce is embodied in the re- hi* son as heir apparent his aspira- ly ; repeal lu times, ports to the To-A Dobun-kai of lokyo, tdons mount no lower than the lm from Mr. M. Inouye, of Shanghai, and pariai throne itself Mr. U. Nishimura, director of the Chi-


"You are incorrigible I" exclaimed

Mrs. Mulciber
"Your only chance
"Mi
Rend the head backward as tar a*
Repeat 1#

B th it as it possible. Slowly
raise
may, there ran be no room for doubt—
times.
Rend the head to right shoulder, then to left. Repeat 1U times each.
Rotary movvmenl of the head, front, right, back, left times each.
iso we are told — that he is deeply imr plicated in ih.i present Boxer agitation.
To make his connection with the Boxers still more clear, it is stated that their leader, a notorious adventurer who made himself conspicuous in connection with an insurrection in Honan id I-hwa-tuan, the Boxer society, is said some dozen years ago,has been staying
UH, —w	..	1 S.ÏT	:	“¦ — ¦' “•
educated man who has gone wrong." fate of nations to hunt-the-slipper. I known
"Bold wood,

Repeat U


Exercises like these need not be rap* . Slow movements exercise the muscles just as effectively.
According to these authorities, the

It was an attribute of his all-
• I
mar
She was going to say kindness, but her self-respect revolted at the word that would have been a lie and she snded her sentence with "toleration."
"And you really read Greek ?” asked the statesman.
I read it and love it."
"No sumo f”
round ism
he only difference between build-
association which is I for th last two years, which time they | mg up and destroying
tissue is in the

Light

7
inexper- head use light rotary and smoothing
mssmrna,mm
near him, and only looked up from his ed proof bo bullets and lethal weapons, hand.	* ^ mit word toward the brows,
book when he felt a sudden brighten- The first historical mention of them POLICY OF DOWAGER EMPRESS **uU 1	5	1 k" 11 d u:ij
ing of the light in front of him. occurs about the middle of. the eigh- With regard to the Dowager Em- ^ lempleS* ltuh 8aggulg imes lk>1>ul It was his mother's slave, standing teenth century under the reign of the press, it does not appear that she has Uiv*u 0 a:id LuS<j UIJVVald aud back” there in her black gown with a can- Emperor Kienlung, when their organi- been privy to the intrigue from its ward* b K 1 lidUbjr» double thin
zation went by the name of I-hwa- commencement. At all events, neith- downward and backwaid with heavy "I came to look for a book for her men-kiao, Patriotic, Harmonious sect. er Mr. Nishimura nor Mr. Inouye make PreABure* *or drooping cheeks, stroke ladyship. I did not know you were But it was not until the time of the anT allegation of the kind* They as- uiJ ward and backward tow ard the ear. here, my lord," she faltered.	Emperor Risking that the Boxers be. sert, however, thu present fatal policy	*l»o the rotary movement.
"Can I help you 1 What book Is Kan to attract the attention of of the Pekin Government toward the i’ura dull, lifeless skin, use the ^al-
the ruling power. At the beginning of Boxers has her entire approval and	movement Ml over the face to
They state that this policy Quicken circulation.
To strengthen drooping eyelids, and


IQ
modern languages, I pre-
wood.”
'Jonathan was his name. Poor old trench *nd German and . little ! Luah bad an idea that he bad aveu b.m
ltfvani"	, , ,	in the Oxford eight."
Uu are a very wonderful young .-Nothiog more llke„. aoldwood
"1 hare nothing to live for except *®reat alblete' and a very clever feU
booke. 1 should have been idle and l0W lnto lhti bar«ain' 11 was thought
worthless if I bad not learned a good thut he wuuld lake hi*h hoDor® at
leal from such a kind and patient	13,11 lbere wafl a wrew loose
^	buiuewhere. He burned Radical and

a
was
master.
She laid her small slender hand	bis time at the Union, where
caressingly ujxm Verner’» shabby coat bti wafl famous as a grand speaker. He Dollar and he looked up at her with rbild ^Wût *od Hegel when he ought Ineffable love in bis d in old eyes.
"She has been sight to the blind, ke said. "She has been my consolation a pamphlet which sneered at the and I have been hers, under, perhaps, university as an institution, not altogether generous treatment, libeled the dons. The rest is silence* And now her ladyship finds that the was not absolutely sent down; but girl whom she counted is the most useful of all her depen- *n college, and one fine morning
he disappeared altogether, leaving
' Yea, I have heard that you are Lady hia books and baggage and a sheaf of Lash mar’s reader. Lady Carminow , tradesmen’s bills on his table. He toid me about you. And now, if you j was heard of three years afterward, are going back to the castle, we may traveling in Spain, a student of Ross well walk together, and you can many and the companion of gypsies, tell me a little more about yourself fallowing iu the footsteps of Borrow, and your studies.”	I without the bible. 1 never heard of
him afterward.’’


die in her hand
. to have been leading for his degree; .• and lhe end was failure. Be publiahr

i
and
It r
The Morte that Emperor’s reign they were dis- sanction
covered to have obtained a strong was definitely adopted at a cabinet footing in the country districts on council in the palace on the 6tb inst. the borders of Shantung and Honan, On that occasion the proposed policy and their activity so rapidly increased was warmly advocated by Prince
"Sir Thomas Malory d'Arthur."
burden ** was one ot the most unpopular men
to remove hollows from Beneath the eyes, place each thumb upua the temples. and, using the middle fingers only, begin at the nuse and draw the that their sect or association was in- Tuan, Prince Ching, Kang-yi and Chao fingers gently around the eye several
"Why, that is the very bx>k began Lash mar, and then stopped abruptly with a smile. It was the very book	she	had	been	reading	seven
years ago.	perched	on	the	ladder	yon-1	terdicted	in	1809;	hut in spite of	oc-	Sukiao,	while	Yung	Lu	and	Prinoe	Li	times,	being careful to carry any sur-
casional	persecutions they have since	were	against	it,	and	Wang	Wenchao	l>ul	lbe	^ner corner of
the	eye,	so as	not to	leave a fullness
there. This will also tend to round up
If this ac- I the eyeball and strengthen vision.
dents."



der at the ofchev end of the room "There is another copy,” she said;| then steadily increased in power and kept silent and did not say a word
numbers. In the early days of its either for or against it
"I know where to find it."
existence the political tendency of the association was antagonistic to the existing dynasty, and its whole ener gies seem to have been directed to its overthrow. Latterly, however, taking shrewd advantage of the growing friction between native Christians
To Be Continued
Stella put on her hat without a
, Dr. Chase’s Ointment
His last incarnation
word, waited meekly while Nestorius
and Verner talked for another quar- woiking engineer in tirumm,” said ter of an hour; and then the old man Lash mar. "It was always supposed followed his visitors to the gate of the tbme be had married a gypsy ; little garden, with its chrysunthe- but 1 bad imagined the common type mums and late-lingering roses, and ^n*l^sh luoeoourae Romany, not the stood watching them as they walked raore nantie Gitana. That idea of a I	are struck on one cheek' ^
down the village street, the statesman SPani,b alliaDC* would account, forl^ht to turn the other to the striker?
tall and erect, the girl slim and Stella's dark ey es and blue black hair '
straight and tall beside him.	' Sbe ** a most interesting girl." I 0060 ’ an' I ve onl^ «ot one
murmured Nestorius, with a dreamy	------
was aA a
I
NO RULE FOR THAT


Sunday-School Teacher—Why, Wil*
Didn't
Is the World’s Greatest Cure for Itching Skin, Eczema Salt Rheum and Piles.
lie Wilson ! Fighting again ? list Sunday’s lesson teach that when
and non-converts, the Boxers have identified themselves with the latter’s cause and adopted opposition to the foreign creed and its professors as their principal raison d'etre. Still
more recently, to ingratiate them-I It is extremely doubtful if there ever
r!TW .wit* ** p6WW'd
Young Hobbs—Mamma, what ani-	"ave adopted the popu- dence a* i* Dr. Chase’s Ointment. The you must not think that Dr Chase's
mal is the king of beasts?	tor legend of "Hing-Tfcing mieh remarkable soothing, healing qualities Ointment is for pile*» only, but we mes.
Mrs. Hobbs, with a significant look	UP with the dynasty! Down of Dr Chase's Ointment are a my a- tl0n this ailment as the most difficult
_ gggL |	1	¦ ¦	tery to physicians, and, though they to cure of all itching skin diseases,
are slow to recognize merit n any dis-	en(j the disease which	has never been
eovery, lliey join hpartily with people	absolutely conquered	by any other
As to the alleged close connections of other callings in endorsing and re- treatment.
between the Pekin court and the Box.	?'
on the subject. In the first place it Is flev‘‘VMl ,OT ‘tcb‘"B	,C0T" ot thousand, sf peopfe with amt
Mr. Softsoap. No, Tommy; I’m sor-|. significant circumstance that th,
open manifestation of anti-for.ign Arko-, Ont., writ»	I	Jî'^U
Tommy. Then you bad better .earn, activity by the Boxer, coincide, with	uS'.y"L%^ £.‘.^5
I	heard	Clara	say	that	she was go- the	appearances	of	Prince	Tuan on	pjfc* i ^ many remedies and un-	burna- flc*lds, seres,	blind, itching,
ing	to throw	you overboard.	the	political	stage at	Pekin	at the	der went three very painful surgical	blending and protruding piles, eng
beginning of the present year We op.rsti.ns, .11 without obtaining any	‘km dUw‘se" «	d—r#
-r——---—- — «rïïszsïi	» ...
cription of that important person. | Dr. Chase's Ointment and did so, find- all dealer» or sent
1
Willie#—Yes'm; but he hit me on the


itching U all gone. I hive advised others to use it, believing it would
air
CHAPTER XIII.
Mr. Nestorius made the walk to the castle last as lung as he possibly could, tie professed himself enchanted with that pastoral landscape with its calm Middleshire beauty, seen in the rich coloring and under the somber skies of Autumn. It was half-past ten when they arrived at the castle, and Stella ran off to her room to wash her hands and rearrange her hair before she went to her ladyship.
The statesman was keenly interested in Ums poor dependent, and look •coaeion to talk about her at the afternoon tea in the library where the •hooters were allowed to enjoy them. Wives in their muddy boots, and were refreshed with strong^ea and cheered with pleasant talk before they went
MAMMA ON ZOOLOGY
"1 must know more of this very interesting girl !" exclaimed Mrs. Mulci-ber, in her round, comfortable,
"Why cannot we have her to tea of an afternoon P
Mrs. Mulcioor wished to stand well with Mr. Nestorius.
cure them as it bps me.”
voice
with foreigners!
ANTI-FOREIGN ACTIVITY
at her husband—Man

TIMELY WARNING
"Why not, indeed P exclaimed Mrs Vavasour
Tummy. Can you swim, Mr. Soft-|ers, our informants entertain no doubt
soap?
"It would be capital fun. She would be copy for Vav. He could put her into one of his books."
Vav — pet name of his wife'
He hated to have his
ry to say, I can’t swim
look-
ed daggers
books talked about; most of all by
Mrs. Vavasour, who never read them
and who bad the oredit of writing them.
"I never put actual people in books," ha said.
"Quite true," muttered Nestorius,1 quet is at the host’s left hand

Chase’s Ointment is fer sale el
GUESTS ON THE LEFT
The place of honor at a Chinese ban-| age. "Prince Tuan," we are told, "is a I lug relief at once. I used three boxes, of price, 60cta., by
comparatively young man of allttle|eud lm * ra 41 entirely cured. The Co., loronto.





)


i
###PAGE###4###

\
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLH, AUG. 23, 1900.
was snowed under by a big majority, it must bo admitted, he took a large vote, ' —
- -larger-many think, than Thus, Mur,
ray would have got under the same cir- Allllllfll I cumaianoea. The Dr. is ready to run ~ I again, in fact says he will ki n, and he is a local man. Now, if the Liberals
want a least man, as many of them haw un* l>r* Borden, Minister of Militia, declared to us, this fact should dispose of 8.\i.id for England last week, with the Thomas Murray, and incidentally, the objw? it is rumored of receiving knight- farcical Mr. Phillip O’Reilly, whose only hood at the hands of the Queen.	claims to distinction lie in his much-
1900.
Removal !
• • •
’ I The 44th
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. • • SHAWVILLE • . .
• see
Exhibition
DALE BROS.
EDITORIAL NOTES.
uqder the auspices of
Agricultural Scc’y flo. 1
COUNTY OF PONTIAC,
HAVE
REMOVED THEIR
gAWYER-NJASSEY
Threshing Mills
Traction Engines
Rubber Belting,
Mill Teeth
Tinware Shop
vaunted oratory (?) and his superabun*
Toronto# Aug. 25.—It is reported that f dance of unalulterated gajl.
n majority of the stock of the Ontario,
sentmg thol.ergue syndicate for some- of New Brunswick, thing less than $100,000. The deal, if Island and Nova Scotia, has put C3m;>leted, would give the Clergue syndl- cor<? view lhat “ mutual preferential
"r""	* - » '*» sa,*25 ZJSAZss „r,t
k ault ote. Marie to Hudson Bay, it now Empire, vastly assist in developing the hiving a charter to build the Algoma Material resources of the several colonies Central railway from the Sault to a point *lud. dependencies thereof, hold a re-
R• i. —.10. ÏÏSS£rjzit»î:1 r"-«-»
vith tiie Ontario, Hudson a Bay and VT es- tries within the Empire, and conduce to tern railway.	| an equitable system of commercial inter
course between the Empire and the nations of the world." This
Will l»e held at
SHAWVILLE, P. Q,,
on
Tuesday, Sept. 18th.
to the premises on
Pickanock Street
recently purchased by them and recently occupied by G, W. Swfttman.
Customer» will find us with
1
Prince Edward
on re
1
Over $1400 in Prizes
Shw|\
1 >KS and Poultry. Also Dairying, Ladies' Useful and Fancy Work, Painting and Drawing; Boots, Harness, Carriages, Implements, G rain and Horti-
A full line of Goods
for all kinds of
Threshing Mills.
>
and prepared as usual to execute all orders in the jobbing line in a prompt and satisfactory manner.
___ is only one
The revised appropriation of the United | evidence that the preferential trade idea States Congress after a careful digestion I aPPeala to both the patriotism and busi-
EEE'Ê—EE
150,000. The l nited Status officials cal . cnee splurge to be in the interests of any-culate the population to be 77,076,000. ^ing broad or material.—Montreal Gaz-
this would make the appropriations equal1 titte* to $0.14 per head. It includes expenditure on account of the Philippine war
11 jaaœr.'tass
navy, etc. Last sessson the appropriation , than indicated by the annual expenditure by the Parliament of Canada were over I Take for example the year 1899, the la?t
«60,000,000. With an estimated popu- yT for*'hich complete returns are avail- Dinner may he had on Grounds.
lation of 5,400.000, the appropriation, on | 542/.3.% buttS LibS m"”ri7“„ P,r A ^ ni'^.xpevtvd. a per head basis equal $11.12 or $2 per Lament committed the country to future Membership Fee. $100. Exhibitors' head more in Canada than in the United expenditures which must be taken into - * ets
State,.	consideration. The railway subside, vot- chlkPre n,°itk: tT*° d S ’ Adult®' 25ot» :
ed that year amounted to $6.540,000.
These subsides were not included in the It was expected tliu Government at expenditure because they did not have to Cabinet Council held on Saturday last be paid at once, but the country was made
-•«“	—....,r.... ,w. !
tions, but after a four pours session, it the people in the near future. Then the muai ynimp seems no decision was reached. The deal with the Drummond County and j wUnM TUUNU, whole trouble seems to )>e with Mr Grand Trunk Railway involved the conn-
'•> the Ontario members of the able. For 99 years the country will have I	Bl** Trade m Hnrsofla-Vi
Cabinet, with a view to lighten the ship to pay the Grand Trunk R01w;.y $140,1)00 ,	°	_ "	0
> a year in monthly instalments. Moreover Saturday's Ottawa Citizen says :-In ; ‘he Government is bound to pay a .bar, ,|ld l ,„ eight month, n , I, ., than 61%.
; of thecostor maintanance of the (.rand 000 have been inveiled by the British taml lrunk Railway between S;. B abe and and Canadian . . veinnietna m horse, thv ; Montreal, II c udmti the > letorn Bridge purchased in and about Ottawa The and the Montreal terminal facilities, and ; Capital lerecogmz.-d a, a depot for the a share of the Cost of extensions, improve ' business and large shipments have ments or double traciiiiio » here retired made regularly. Many of the horses m-
°n L,H S.PV; lol2 ' ' ;av ra,lway -iuunr that tended for ecu vice in South Africa and in oüg period Or ' years.	¦ the regular service hav
culture,
A good program of Attractions may be expected
Under the able
DALE BROS.
? t M MS
And Remember It I
ENTRAlT ANADA
Exhibition Association
Ottawa, Oat.
I
asaawS2!51î^-r®
Smart & Smith
M'e the local papers for a list. Special ¦Prizes for Attractions will be thankfully received by above Committee.
Liberal Expenditure.

A number of new Horse and Cattle Stalls and a Poultry House will he built for the better accommodation of stockmen
o
P. S,—Bain Waggons.
I

All entries must l>e in the hands of the
Secretary not later than the 14th Sent ember.
I or Prize Lists and other information an-P.b to the Secretary-Treasurer at Elm-
side.
8®fcPatent Express
Buggy WheelsJ 11 ïME
(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
iïjcDOUCALL and GUZNEFj’S Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
The for the holding of our Exhibition
m

w>
E. GRAHAM,
and
%


Pm.siDKX
Si.'l .-TliJ.AS,
w
8
mi
Entries close 13th Sept.
COLD MEDALS
in list as Sjiedal Prizes
The Largest List of Specials offered by any Exhibition !
before the battle begins ; but Mr. Tarte is not to bo thus ruthlessly turned d and the matter has been allowed to s
for a few days, or till such time Premier has devised a plan of getting rid f the man who is mastering the ndmin-i -t ration, of which Sir Wilfrid is the nom-
been
I *
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
in 1 leader. Mean while
the ministers various directions Shout the county to feel the public pul*ti before determining what is best (in tme interest of the government) to do ; i .vAvfoiu an official declaration of when
been purchased I iw the country about Ottawa, some ns far
" m Peterboro, and othei at as fai Honors for the Noxon Company «s Kemptville. Others have been
at the Paris Exposition.	at Toronto and Hamilton.
Act price . f
o-

have scattered in
No effort will he t-j wired if year’s Exhibition the hv>t iation.
1 thi '
exer held hy the

secur
An aver ___ pi id for i htse
Chronicle if August 10:h horsui8« which were closely inspected be- Bâ
: : ¦ ; urchaaed. Th vs ar has given a great impetus to the livestock department of farming hereabouts and has ,pro
ven a valuable adjunct to successful fannies.
Are not Surpassed in the World.
A
VNOl

The grounds and buildings are exvvllvii
now in
t ("Olidit iun and up to date in every
was
¦'#’ Their
Wovbb firs Fsicins
^ I	The Ing
,‘rions are to he pulled off, j> not|sa>s:—
o be made for a week

era
m,
tiie
resneit
• » i \
¦
; We are pleased indeed to be r.b!e to
j state that the Noxon t\)., Limited, have
been awarded upon their exhibit at the
m. n .	. ,	, .	..	.	, world’s gre»t fair in Paris, France, the
The Bryson Adrocte m diicueiiog the ! «rand prix (hid,tnt awr.rd obtainable) and
prospective representation of this county gold medal. We have reason to ft el proud
objects to the candidature of one Phillip • ur town t0 think that it possesses an
o,ui»r-,h. 1,L.„......
1	1 10 coun ^ or a i)ar- of it lately just conferred upon this company’
v- ith the object of bringing himself before bit. A few months ago vt e ; redteted for the public—on the ground chiefly, of the thia tlim un<L*r its new management
¦f "nf «*'- ............. ssisA'ta
the same breath our cotom espouses the bo raised to such a high point of exenb cause of Thos. Murray, whose business lence that in com petit it connections with
• t
r tin days
o
¦'toot, over l.j year.- of Micvvs-ful testing on farm and railway.
Tie Special Attractions

36c
At present there are$5 lmrees at the exhibition grounds which were purchased by Skei d and < tonn ped today or Monday, gaged on n contract with tlie government by the terms of which it ia to supply 1,000 horses for army service.
have already
t	•	| • i
, in which
Sl'l-Ji I At
OKH:Ks MAt'K Tins YKAK ON
will be the best that money
can procure.
HOC FENCING.
. 'i hese w ill be ship '>*• The tinn is en
imperia! i These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario
Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Piéton, Ont.
Modern and
Realistic
Spectacular
£! Battle of Paardeburg arjd Sur^ider of General Gronje.” .
s exhi-
Four shipments of horses a been made from the grounds, were loi, 110, S4, 0, and 8Ù Lurscs.
For sale by the Hardware Merchant- and General Dealer-by the Canadian Hare ware Jobliers.
GEN. AGENTS :
Agent for Railway Fencing :
CoircAifjmbno with Ma
t lire
XI
t Lana
10
S(J
Un
-The C. Greening Wire Co. of Hamilton and M
dame- Cooper, Montre

• lie
ii wnh the world's
•	-r .	.	, P .	,	1 ‘nv of t lie finest spectaculars ever placed
a II ¦*“
contributing so largely towards bringing more realistic the managenent intend
Canada and her industrie, so prominently that in ease the first Canadian contingent, ,	.	,	,
X-.V.Mi.	:rSi.,hti character and address. with the necessary ability
travelfrom town t0 town and appoint agents. ....„,m,™,,„„u.	5„t,S.ttr(2:V™‘h;r“lNo canvassinS- SalaI'y and expenses paid.
ready returned and these have been
htri ii
t ? i $ i
lc in which our a prominent and
.Sec the Battle re produced on the Exhibition Grounds.
Ill 3
•a t i
t I Hi
i •
0
An experienced canvasser, or a man with good
in the case of Thomas Murray,—in fact, if considered at all, the preference should lie on the aide of O’Reilly, inasmuch as he is a native of the
Reduced Rates
on all lines of travel
)
0 —
For Prize liât and all Information write
county. Eut no one takes
which Murray ia not. the Ottawa man seriously, and if the Pembroke man succeeds, through the machinations of certain wire pullers, in getting the Liberal nomination he will
E. McMAHON, Sec*y,
26 Sparks Street,
OTTAWA.
T. C. BATE,
Treasurer.
P S. See Masset-Haiuus Co'a Specials on page' 4 A and 4 B ok Phi?e List.
Position permanent and promotion according to merit.
The Bradley-Carretson Co
BRANTFORD, ONT.
secured and if nothing unforseen occurs the others will be here. The idea
Canadians all.

>
Wm. HUTCHISON, ty. P.,
President.
was a
discover, as he has on several previous “ I want the sturdy Scotchman to re- Mendid one and has been excellently occaeions that the people are not «tuck main t,le Scotchmen ; 1 want the brawny carried out and visitor* to the fair will
- I» » ¦>“	% -«¦ <•»»¦	ssras
lise has men within her borders, who in main the Irishman, ” said Sir Wilfrid, which made Canadian soldiers famous point of ability can discount either of the speaking at the Canadian convention at w*th none °* lte attendant horrors. No gentlemen mentioned, and it will sur- Arichat- It is not reported that the Pre- one should miss seeing this feature of the
nner added, •• I want the Frenchman to fair which will be presented every evening remain the Frenchman.” But that is ae stands unequalled both forHHi which prevails at present, if she will not where his argumerat would land him, and !nent a.n(* instruction. The young folks
entrust her interests to a home man, it is a result not to be desired. The in particular should be given an oppor
rather than turn to a couple of outsiders need °I ^anc* ** men who will be true toiiity of learning exactly how our brave
its best interests and who are prepar- Canadian volunteers composed themselves ed to accept the full, sacred duty of cit- M Soldiers of the Queen, izenship. The Alexandria Glengarrian as well has been moved by Sir Wilfrid’s speech m,
to reply: “ This is a free country, and ,	, persistence of Russia cannot but
Sir Wilfrid has a right to want anything , admired. While Great Britain and ...	. .	..	,	.	he wants to want. But what he wants is Lhe I mted States. Japan, Germany,
credit, and if. as the people say, the time to see the sturdy Scotchman become a hrftnce and Austria are talking about the has arrived when they will insist on hav- Canadian; the gallant Frenchman become |uture pf China and whether there should inga local man to represent them, iet 1 a Canadian; the brawny Englishman be be Partition, or a dinslon of spheres of
them, to be consistent, unite to th^ex- j ^ishmfn £2^“» Canadian "VSîuS œs"7 mdes "ïio the Chineee b&ck y*ard! tent of observing the principle through- hobor, the Galician, the American, the and 18 8aid lo be gathering an army of 375-out, and if such compact is entered into71 Chinaman, and every mothers son be* ^ m?n to w^at "he has and take the Conservative party may be depended come a Canadian. As Canadians, we owe " u 816 can 6vt*
ten, Dr. Gsboury ehould be the Liberal to see annexation!.!, and republican, and 3,437,202, more than half the population candidate at the approaching election— ** oesiiometi turned down so that they of Canada. London, however, has marly not Thoi. Murray. At the la.t election I „ .be do,n t0 ,U7- We w*ot, above double that population Pari, come,
,b. D, W, ,h. nomin.tion ....	ftfiS	<ÏÏS.tt,t2	""
were m'rmid to touch it, and although he | and all the time.	1,677,304, according to the
¦ 9 Limited,
l
Mention this paper.
.303 Calibre.

prise us greatly, judging from the feeling

lawaw

'
amuse-


Savage Magazine Rifle.
who are itching for the honor to serve her in a legislative capacity.
There are men in the Liberal
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.
as in the Conservative ranks who
are
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete 190# Catalogue.
One rifle takes six different cartridges. Point Blank Range for Hunting.
quite capable of filling the position with
K.MEd <30-, UTICA, N. Y., U. 9. AMERICA.
>•
Public Notice.
THE MARKETS.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD

Public notice is hereby given that the Valuation roll as revised by the Valuators has been deposited in my office, and that on Monday, the 4th clay of September, it shall lie brought forward at a regular session of the Council, the Valuators being personally present, and then homologated with or without amendment.
Given at Shawville this 20th day of August, 1900.	J. R. HORNER,
Sec.-Treasurer.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 75c.
Oats per bushel, 26 to 27c. Pease per bushel, 00 to 6Uc. Eggs, per dozen, lie.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 16c, Wool, per pound, 16 to 16c. Pelts, each, 45 to 75c. Calfskins, 40 to 50c.
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Natal Merchant The Dry Deeds Review the Seek seller and Statlaner.
plea ?ree
MacLEAN PUB. CO.i Limited


population of last census.
I 4


!





M f







_ ..





Jk.

I

###PAGE###5###




J
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No snu.
tlO.F A
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Perfect in Finish !
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY Tilt’HHDAV
AT 811 AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper mopped until all arrearage* e paid, unlearn by special arrangement with ubllsher.

eM
Mod* the 4th Wed ne* day of every mouth.
Court due* must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Waro-Hooms.
L.B.C.3
Fit like a Glove !
A. SMILEY, Prop.
/. A. Cowan, R r.
II. H. Bahnett, F fl
J. W. Madrm, c. R
:o:
ADVEUTIdlNG RATES :
Legal advertising, eight cent* per lino for firm Insertion and four cent* per lino for each subsequent insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch In-sorted at *UX) per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate or live cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for suhsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted Ht low rates, which will be given ou application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will he inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry th cents per Hue.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
Farmers
The attention of all live buyers is called to
our newest patterns for FALL AND WINTER TRADE IN
ï Consider a Moment I
When about to buy a new Binder, why select one that is full of defects, when you can get one built on modern and correct principles ?
84 Nopoan St., Ottawa, Ont.,
Lüiiibcr of All Kinds Bo# and Sold

consignments solicited.
Boots & Shoes
Commission Business a Specialty.
M
s
We handle only the best makes in Canada. Have you given them a trial ? Your order
will have our best attention.
roe
The Frost & Wood
RhmtKNi KM by Pcrmimio* :
Beni# Murphy. Free. Ottvwa TranMportatlon Co. F. W- Avery,, Hull Ltimlwr Uo.
J. T. Hl.irrlft, K 0. Eddy Co.
Latch ford & McDougall, Bmrlutera.
John Henry & Sons.
FI. N. Bate 4 Son,
JOB THIN TING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.	J
New
JOHN A. COWAN,
4 Publluher.
No. 2 BINDER
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SI^ITH, Proprietor.
s
)
An Immense Line of
Lace Curtains, Curtain Scrims,
Floor Oil Cloth,
Stair Oil Cloth Brussels Carpet, Chenille Curtains,
Table Covers.


Business Cards.

t-
MEDICAL.
COMBINES ALL THE LATEST AND BEST IMPROVEMENTS TO BE FOUND ON ANY HARVESTING MACHINE MADE. SEE IT.
F. M. A. McNaughtoij, BJ\.,	The Rpot spot tor~
°	1	%	1	A Fashionable Hair Cut,
Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
i
Graduate of McGill University,*
O/Bee—Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shaw ville.
44T Your Turn next.
Headquarters for
Stylish Rigs, Wagons, Harness, Harvesting Tools and all Farm Machinery.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M

»
•t
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornoi asd RexmitxcB : J. H Armstrongs Huusk, MAIN STREET - - 8HAWVILLE.
f
)
I
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
mm
JEWELLER

(f/.A
Mm
LEGAL.
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac.
u

/•

M!
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L L, L,
l:

u

ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit Shawville every Monday.



- + '
• —
----4 a
I V
V
y

Unloading Sale of Summer Goods still going on
at temptation prices.
i
«
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
Repairing—
a Speciality,

WM. GAMBLE,
%

SHAWVILLE, Q.
BARRISTER, &o„
Room 23, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each mouth.
•Office—over G. F. Hodglus’ Store, Main St.
0
District and Country.
i
»
The 0. F. Hodgins
I

Middleburg, Aug. 23.—From some official papers which have been found it appears that tho Transvaal Boers suffered losies between January 2, and Juno 20 to the total of over 7,COO. Of these the deaths numbered 1,000.
A party from Ottawa including Dr. and Mrs. Echlin, tho Misses O'Meara, Dr. It Mvti alfv St., Ottawa. I May bury and Dr. Mi unes, is spending &
few days at the Hotel Pontiac, Fort 1 Pontiac Dis- William.
'ifA
1
\

11

m
u

!
BABY 2To. 1
CEO. C. WRIGHT,

*.
I wil! save you SIO per cow I	per year
¦ The prices are net at list to I one and all alike
hi /
%
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
Departmental Store
¦
OF Tin: PROVINCE or qumilv,
t fc

r

Mulsons* Bank Clmin1>er* -
Phone No. 1173.
Law bu*i net* in Ottaw tricts attended to.

no

v



A number of the firebugs in the Pekin mobs have been captured and shot but they arc so numerous that it is impossible to stop their woik.


discount.
NOTICE.
r
CEO. HYNES,
W. W. IRELAND,

KM


Write foi
i
;
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner onct Ouveyaneer. Deeds. Mortgagee, «te., executed legally hud satis factortly.
The Order-inCouncil taking
Oa Monday, August the 20th, 1000. there
wa* married nt St. Alphonsus church, I the townshin> of Onslow. Bristol, t Chapeau, by the Rev. D. Leduc, Mias Mon* Aldrield and Tliornc from th Alice, Poirher. one ,.f Chicheiter's mret I f)'Im-l>ven	»•>'! thvn-1
esteemed and amiable young ladies, t<
Mr. John Donlan, the popular Secretary! reasurer of Chichester.
W. S. CLARKE,
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.
P FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE. I.


n
QUE.
SHAWVILLE - -
I
pie having any business will eon w i! li h-v as usual.
Mon*head, Aug. 1>, Iînju
poi
/
Wxi. CLARKE, C. L. A
S. A. MACKAY, B.C L,,

NOTARY FUR THE RELIANTE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
NOTARY PFHI.I \

Mr. W. II. Comstock who defeated ex spn ker White in Broekville, is out of pn’. ites. lie Las bvc mo disgusted with the wo k of the machine which elected him. and on no account again be induced to try his luck in the political arena.



+ '
* t *
A large, weII-selected and varied stock ol • Furniture always on hand, at prices
to suit nil classes,
IN UNDERTAKING
J|0 DIFFERENCE.
i
Vk-* *
:JHE
While the Crow's Nest Pass
¦_______¦ ¦ m ¦¦¦¦orgin
(the Toronto Globe) is shouting “ Liur-ter, a United Canada, and more coil mines,” the Laurier journals in Quebec are demanding that no English-speaking Canadian be permitted to occupy the — I position of Premier. I: seems to be p combinaticu « f boodling and bigotry __ against Sir Charles Tupper.—Almonte Times.
WANTED I
WILLIA.il LLLIOTT
The fact that the name of
¦Tin- pince of bn-im from Park man to Starke’s Corners n no difference with us.
We are still in the oi l stand, doing bull ess on the >ame fair, square-dealing and ever ready to meet the requiremet of our customers.
T al-o keep a complete stock of Fune-has been changed r;1. Furnishings, ranging from the
| plainest requisites to the mostelcgant-l \ designefi. .X11 call-receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
PORTAGE DU FORT
XILIFF OF TIIE SUPERIOR COURT Shawville , Que., respect:rR) oliciti eu<Bjeineuthfor any bustne*»! uoonneclion with all Courtstn the County, Colleottous m idemd p-oniptretui • ¦ » - red
B

llvl
Roller Mill
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
GENERAL.
1 11 It
FRESH and CURED
' I
.its. 1101*1; aco.
VAWiACTUBn	.booksel I J-lmrlottetown, P. E L Aug -Sat I	~
ifl lers, Bookbinders Priuttrs, Itc. Depositor)- urday evening s west-bound train jumped numiK the present season we wish to i she Ottawa Auxiliary Bii»iedodety,ottawa.unt. | the track at Biuebank, at seven o’clock,	direct special attention to our
• he engine and six cars being derailed	NEW AND COMPLETE
Engineer Pound received injuries, besides
sSS^SteSlFïEBSHHI Summer
of any kind taken and deposed of by public eington. The passengers had a miracu-
Th.^ne .»dc. ^
month, a variety of articles always on | badly wrecked. It is considered the hand for sale: Office : Shawville, Que.
uïiongst farmers, to represent the
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
LARGEST NURSERY IX CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
MEATS
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will be supplied .us to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
J. J. TURNER,
of all kinds at
First Quality Flour.
I
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
Goods
Apply to
worst accident in the hialory of the road. Liter advices say the engineer will not lire.
Af Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
C. K. GRIGG,
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.

HOTELS.
RENFREW, Ont.
A Montreal gentleman who is in a position to know whereof he speaks, is auth-T., QUYOW I ority f°r the statement that the Laurier
Government will go into the coming election as a forlorn hope.. They now realize that they have carried their reckless
-¦j*	-*
1 First-class Livery Attached. . I upon themselves the contempt of the
strong men in the Liberal party who were mainly instrumental in placing them in
St. Lawrence Hall,
JOSEPH BROWN,
J. G. McGUIRE,
Proprietor,
Proprietor. THIS IS THE SEASON
TEAS! TEAS!
# # e	# e e
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
FOR
FOR SALE:
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
Bristol Wharf I lceCream-
A quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
?
Fresh Fruit, Choice Candies, Confectionery, &c
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
ESTABLISHED 1886. po<r*r'
FERRY

I The last of the 3,100 cheques have been sent out and the Ottawa Hull Fire
The purchase price is $400,000. Half of this is paid to the Conroys in hard cash,
the other half in fully paid up ordinary I LeâVê Sand Point shares of Power company on October 1 at,
1900. The provisional directors of this company are : E. B. Eddy president,
Louie Simpson vice-president, J. M. Shan-ley director. Holders of preference shares will be entitled to elect two additional directors.
o
The Shawville
CHANCE OF TIME.
PATENTS
Aylmer people are greatly interested in
Theuudersi
SASH and DOOR

•J
All to be had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—

[PROMPTLY SECURED!
—ALL KINDS OF—
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
ing up a report which will contain a list of contributors and contributions, and beneficiaries, and the amounts they received.
An examination of the whole course of the recent great hail storm in Torboltcn and Fitzroy reveals the fact that the damage to the growing crops was much greater than at first reported. The township of Torbolton was chiefly affected, only a corner of Fitzroy suffering. It is d that 3,500 acres of the very l est agricultural country was covered with hail from one to two inches deep, all growing crops being injured, while the grain was entirely destroyed.
Interior & Eiterior
r,
Write f°r our interesting books ** Inventor » Help" and •• Mow you are swindled.”, Send us a rough sketch or model of your in vent ion or i mprovement and we will tell you< free our opinion as to whether it is probably J patentable Refected application, have oftei] I fbeen successfully prosecuted *-y us. We' conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; tnts qualifies us to prompt-, ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patent! as broad as the invention. Highest references furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in
f'eLI0° newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
z	Experts and Solicitors.
vf-

D. WILSON’S
FINISH FOR
2ousei 86 Verandahs 1
MANUFACTURED.
I ’’¦ill'.« t
\
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.,
I II I 5
t
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
Meeting all Trains.
I
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac,
Kept in stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POFULARP RICES.

GEORGE BALLANTINE,
Ferryman.
The Canadian apple crop will equal that
_________________________ Ontario alone will yield twelve
----------------------------------------I million barrels of good fruit. The crop
of the United States is estimated at sixty Fire bugs are operating in Brockviile, million barrels. Great Britain, Germany and the town council have offered a re- and France also report good crops. Never ward of $500 for information that will theless it is anticipated that a good export lead to their arrest and conviction.	trade will be done by Canadian dealer»
of 189(1.
Mr. vSifton confesses to another failure in his Yukon policy. It is now announced that the system of reserving to government alternate claims on the goldbearing creeks is to be withdrawn, having I been found practically unworkable.


sat
McCREDIE & HODGINS.
the
/


/
’







*__



###PAGE###6###
¦
!
~ ) to thi- charlock standing Itehind It. A horae with email feet and a oart with narrow	do leaat Injury. Am t lie
grain that ie crushed la very «UHoeptl-v* | Mv to the spray, this point should not bv overlooked.

Notes tirni Comments.
L (he Home j
spread the top *wlth the whites' of the eggs whisked stiff with three tablespoons white sugarg -end «et in a slow oven to, brown delicately.
Chocolate Custard: Break two sections of chocolate In small pieces, put it in a double boiler witfb milk enough HI iokberry Roly-Poly—One cup milk to* barely cover it, m aah and stir un-2 eggs, 1-2 cup butter, 2 cups flour, til perfectly smooth, then add suf-2 teaspoons biking powder
as many blaokberrice as the batter all, lot get hot, add 1 small cup white will hold, first rubbing
with flour to prevent sinking to the red m m> h m a tit tlo milk bottom
HIS PITIABLE PLAINT
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
Ilow n Free Mute Farmer lie walls Ike II mu bugger y on Barr Leader*.
What is likely to he the effect of the murder of ivng Humbert I. on the foreign relations and the internal politics of the Kingdom of Italy Î If it were as true of Italy, as 4t is of England, that the Sovereign reigns, hut does not govern, the death of the head of the State, might have no appreciable results, either from an international or from a political point of view. Were Queen Victoria to die to-morrow, neither Great Britain’s foreign relations nor the comparative strength of the Conservative and Lib. •ral parties would be affected an iota. The Queen has never identified herself with either of the great political parties, nor can it be said that any alliance between England and a foreign State has been mainly upheld by her personal influence. No such role of self-effacement has been played by

I
The following letter from a Free State farmer, signed “Christian Ooe-thuisen, C.*s non," and dated from Jug-ersfontein, Orange River Colony, is published In the dupe Times:—
The souring of milk is due to hno- I have had sent me a oopy of the ter la. These bacteria are minute Capo Times, giving an account of • forme of plant life and like corn or great gathering at Graaff-Keinet of
fore ordained beef on milk
FRUIT MEN ITS.
There are certain animale foreordained to be of certain types, sometimes by 'the will of the farmer and sometimes against bin will. For example, a beef or calf of a beef cow
SUMMER CAKE OF MILK
Stir in (leient more milk to mike a quart in
the her nee sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch etir-
whoee enoeetore hue been kept f<'i"lllllllllllllllll beef purpueea for hundreds of years is	Plant lh<Mr life depends on Afrikanders, presumably to assist ua
temperature, food and moisture.	in the C.ànge Raver Oniony and our
Milk is a perfect food for theaa bao- brethren across the Vaal to retain our
and n
Put In pudding bug and pin* of .alt Stir all together until ^uun to be a beef animal and nn-ateam half an hour. It U well not| smooth nnd thick, let cook five mmu- ,it for dairy purpu-Mi ,n mating.	.
to have the batter oorae to top of hag, tv«, stir in the beaten yoJke of 6 eggs, the farmer foreordains the type of the Huda, which u,e omumon in the air dearly beloved independence. Now, let to allow room for swelling. Serve and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. tie- cvaIf. He sometimes howexer, fore- Hiv milk-room and cow stable as there be no mistake this time. We with t his enuoe: Two cups berries, 1( move from the fire, and serve cold	ordains when he dues not intend to do	wv^ aA 0,1 *he cow and the hands of	have been humbugged twice, but nex^r
cup granulated sugar. Cook till ber», wnh « white cake made with the	»u jn gupport of such argument a	the milker. The oa.re of the milk then	again
ries are soft, add a large lump of but- whites of the eggs.	contemporary gives thia example. «bould t>e such as—first, to prevent |
tixr, and when cool stir in the white Boiled Custard:	One quart milk,2 “if ü farmer mi Ikes hi* cow but os far as possible the entrance of these Humbugged, firstly, by three whs
of l egg, beaten stiff.	tablespoons cornstarch, 2 eggs, a	four or five months in the year and	g*'	$ secondly, to retard the growth	represented to us that as	soon as we
Lemon Raspberry.-Soak over night pmch of 8aitf imttPT Bi*e of a hickory	allows her natural force* to be divert-	vl ,bosv wbich do gain access to the	enwted the Orange River	10,000 Caps
1-2 t»x gelatine in 1-2 pt. cold wa»f out, Mix the cornstarch smoothly in	ed solely to the development of the
k-,n , Hum' ,• f I ,,, l, ,|v Hnrimr i he i	lhV m<>ruiarf aJd 1 pt **nU"* <1 little ofl theamlk, heat the remain- fœtus the last three or four months
g	. . , ’	* or uu{ vij W lt<xr and the grated rind of l lmn- at,r to near boiling, then stir in the of pregnancy, he is quite certain to times	Hie udder and tents a few 40,000 f A few thousands did join, and
last	twenty-two	>e.us.	u«»r.	m.	t-ei, on Sweeten to taste. Prepare l cornstarch, and cook until It thickens,	have a calf that starts in life with a	etoukea with hia bare hand before	as soon an the fighting	commenced
woul.	such	a	roc	ave	*een	I’»-'.	qt. fresh red raspberries, place in ft stirring constantly. When quite	predisposition toward the beef form.	mi,kin«*
bowl a layer of berries, cover with smoot h and thick, stir in the well-	It
Lot this set on ice and beaten eggs nnd 4 tablespoons white j	the
then add another layer of berries and sugar, let just come to a boil again
Continue till gelatine and; take off the stove
4
THE FIRST TIME
milk
Colonial Afrikanders would join us At milking time, the milker some- Now, we did cross, and where were the

The motion of milking they scooted to their farms as fast as sun l: but *b 'kes u «bower of bacteria laden their horses would carry them, and
dust into the milk If the milker wets now these men wish to make up for it
in a country to most ol* whose inhu> liants Constitutional government was a novelty, while, in the eyes of a large fraction, it was a hateful usurpation.
may	be	of	dairy
dairy	habit	of	supplying
milk	the	wants	of	the	calf	is	an	bis	hands	with	a	stream	of	milk,	this	by	going	to	Uraff-lteiuel	and	make
further	<*>ftenx	the	dirt	on	the	teats	us	believe	they	are	doing	something
gelatine
gelatine
and beat well, artificial one, purely of man’s créa
Place on ice Flavor with lemon. Let get cold, tion ; and unless he keeps up the milk and his handa, and the dirty milk good for us
serving, cover the top thickly with g rated cocovnut.
Apple Custard: O ie pint maehed possibly without knowing it, against
1 his purposes and he should be quite udder and surrounding parts should Yes, the second time was by our late certain in this contest with the forces xviP*d with a damp cloth; this not President and those in high authority, of nature he will come off second jonly removes much of the dirt and who ought to have known bel ter thaa
bacteria, but leaves the hair damp, so to have thrown our lot in with the
What had we to gain#
berries are used up till solid
in all at once they would settle and not in ike so attractive a dish turn
Reset as was the House of Savoy by enemies without and within, by the hostility of Austria, and the jealousy of France, by the resentment of the Papacy and the anti-monarchical plots of Republicans and Socialists, the creation and maintenance of Italian unity, required the exhibition of sagacity, energy and tenacity of purpose on the part of a ruler who, amid evanescent Ministries, could alone personify unwavering adherence to principles and offer trustworthy guarantees of thot>: 'mrvauoe t' treaties with foreign Powers. Lnqut.stiousuly, it was the oouttdenoe in Victor Emmanuel's steadiness of character and the belief that he could be trusted to keep his word, even in the teeth of countersuggestions from Ins own Ministers, which induced Napoleon 111. to undertake the deliverance of Lombardy in 1859, and which, subsequently, led Bismarck to conclude the alliance between Prussia and Italy that, indirectly, enabled the latter country to acquire Venetia. It was a like reliance on the good faith and inflexibility of Humbert I. that caused Germany ami Austria to seek the partnership of the Italian Kingdom in the Triple Alliance, a partnership which | would have been valueless, had the 1 fulfilment of pledgee depended on the' good will of Cabinets which have prov- j •d quite as unstable in Italy as they are in France.
No more of much friend*. We are better off even with our enemies I
Should the berries be put juat befoie
flow within a month or mix weeks of drops **iu» the pail, cairying * great calving he drives the forces of nature, mau3' bacteria with it.

To avoid this contamination, the eay we have been humbugged twice.
out on platter before serving and surround with fresh berries sauce nude sa me as ab.»ve, using berries uncooked.
Huckleberry Dumplings.—To 1 qt, flour add 1 teaspoon salt, 2 heaping teaspoons biking powder, 2 tablespoons butter and 1 pt. milk. While sifting flour, add silt and baking
Then rub in butter oold. Mix to a soft dough. With
stewed tipples, 1 pint sweet milk, cup sugar, 4 eggs and a little nutmeg. Bike slow fy.
Orange Custard: Peel and slice 4 oranges, put them in layers, sifting white sugar between, in a deep glass dish, and pour over them a plain boiled custard flavored with vanilla Sliced bananas or strawberries may be used instead of the oranges, and will mike a delicious dish.
Serve with

"Thv farmer who ruiaes llm hrifrr Uhat "bi" romaine does not fall off Trauevual calf intended for the dairy as he would readily
a eteer, allowing it to acquire and b*n<k thoroughly and then milk with we have I oat everything, retain a surplus of flesh is generally, dry bande.	Take my oaee I warn a prosperous
without intending it, foreordaining	In spite of	the	beat efforts, aomo	farmer, paying my	way, educating#
the heifer to he a beef cow instead	of a	| bacteria will	get	into the milk; this	large family, living	happily with my
makes it necessary to cool the mi'k neighbours. I was commandeered and
One and n half	ves w Iw heavy milkers he must not	M	quickly	as	possible to 50 degrees	fought
pints rich sweat cream flavored with	encourage the beef forming habit,	01	below.	At	a temperature of 93	everything, and	the little that re-
3 teaspoons	vanilla, and sweetened to	nnd if he breeds for dairy purposes and	degiees germ*	oommon to milk multip.	mained after the	English troops swept
greased pans. Serve with butter and taste; whip	to a stiff froth, Dissolve	feeds for beef purposes he is engaged	ln	one k°ur» while at 5o	over my farm vs.us taken by the Fr .uui-
eugar sauce or sauce quoted above, 3-4 oz gelatine	in a	small	cup	hot	w a-	in a tussle with nature and	will	degrees only	eight fold, and at 45	vaal farmers in their hurried retreat.
ter,	and	when	cool,	pour	into	( h«	mu rely come off second best.	The	degrees they	aie	practically inactive, j	WHERB ARB OUR	LEADERS ROWf
maid we must win; we will drive the English into the sea and now If report be correct, they are making for the sea themselves as fast as they can go, accompanied by the Hollanders, who are carrying the gold -the miser» a able stuff that has caused our down, fall and the loss of our dear country.
Then see what misery my country Is in. Look at it ; look at the people. What a happy people we used to be, happy and contented, free, independent, few taxes to pay, a substantial reveune, fine climate, in fact, every
The milker should wash his Nothing, and everything te lose, and

powder, add milk
Urge cookie cutter, cut in separate
l>i< c. „s
fold in oblong tihip.-

milk cow. If he wiehtxs his heifer cal
l was invalide 1 home, lost
Whipped Cream
In each, place berries and
Bake in well-
euhtiliiuting huckleberries
thoroughly, pour in farmer his the privilege of playing
Peach Shortcake—Mike crust same! cmiui. Beat
Bake in two lay- maids, and set away to become firm.,at-foreordination among a good many
T pioci Cream: Soak over night 2 lines, hut if he is to be successful he Spread inner and top Uvblvepoons tapioca in enough milk to j must do it intelligently and avoid any
cover. Bring 1 quart milk to boiling conflicts with the laws of nature Most point. Beat well together 3 eggs, 1-2 of our failures in farming are the cup sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla for result of violation of the laws of na-flayering, stir into the) boiling milk, ture." add the the tapioca, let boil once, and
The
a» for dumplings
While hot, spread with butter or rich cream layer thickly with sliced peaches.
REGARDING THE ORIGIN OF KISS-
ATS
4
ING.
According to Professor Cesare Lombroso, the distinguished Italian criminologist, kissing is quite f modern practice and originated In a very curious manner. The kiss, as a token of affection, was unknown to the old Greeks, and neither in Homer nor in Heriod do we find any mention of it. Hector did not kiss his Andro- 1 mac he when he bade her farewell, m il her did Paris pre.>s his lips to tbo e
sprinkle well with powdered sugar. Servo with whipped cream.
Cherry and Currant Muffins—These are dvlighl ful for tei or luncheon, l a 11-2 cups flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, but tea- size of egg, 1 cup milk. 1 1-2 teaspoons baking powder cup pitted cherries, 1 cup stemmed currants, rolled in flour before adding to bitter
Blackberry
take off the fire. Serve cold whites of the eggs roiy be kept out to spread over the top if preferred. In this case they should be wh.sked stiff with 3 tablespoons fine sugar. Tapioca cream is delicious served with sliced pineapples, bananas, or oranges. With freesh berries it also combines delight-
SAVE THE TREES
!
There is hardly a subject upon which there is such universal ignorance a* the. life and grow til of trees. The average man sets his trees and leaves nature to do the rest. Now is the time tn give shade trees a little care and attention. It will repay you a hundred fold in their better and healthier appearance during the summer.
A scraping of the elm trunks will be of great benefit as many insect* and the larvae of others can
Stir in 1
I

B iko in muffin tin Omelet—One
thing that miserable men could want, of lhe beauteous Melon, and Ulysses, whaf hllve we nuwf NoU,ing; mifler-
" bo Wil8 more of ® cosmopolitan than abK, didcouaolat* and starving. No, ;.ny man uf hid day, never dreamed of j brother Afrikanders, we will have no k.ssiug the enchanting Circe,	‘ more of it
teacup
milk, small lump butter, 1 tablespoon grate pineapple, add strawberries, red
fully. When used in this way, it is nic e! placed in alternate layers with the fruit, and the fruit shuuld be lightly sprinkled with sugar.
Am regard»	.al po tics ilso
ike his father, and| ^apberries, peaches prepared as f r
not sugar any of the
King Humbert t
even more than h s father has been I •ttPPer» :
constrained by the exigencies of his! ^rU*’ <xt,T>l Hu
will wilt
No more of your 8teyn% when alter long wanderings he re-, 01ive Schreiner., CronwrighU, and turned lmme to his spouse, Penelope,
t
pineapple, as they Slice* bm tuas very thin
other professional talkers, who have deceived us, and who have grown rich while we have grown poor even mention Kruger and Ley dm, for no earthly punishment can be suffi, oient for them, #o I leave them alone-1 feel too miserable to write any more to-day, as my heart is very sore, but I only wish to be left alone.
position to make his personality felt.
So long as the Chamber of Deputies warn composed almost exclusively of I J0404'» cul into dice, member* loyal to the idea <>f unity I **tbar tor oo® hour and to the interests of the Savoy loaf-box and place back on ice. 1’his wire bridge which spina the gorge at monarchy, the Sovereign could view | requires a little practice, so it will Renfrew, Ontario.
be well to form for family use before
he satisfied himself with putting une of his stalwart arms around her waist
A WHIR BRIDGE
ind lastly add six sweet oranges, with
Let all mix to-
¦i
I don’t
l wonder how many readers of the thus be destroyed before they have | and drawing her to him than pack the j h**' Journal h ive 1 rd of the had an i-ppm-t unity of doing any dam
age
The people of Terra del Fuego, says Only the rough, outer back Lombrudu have taught civilized na-ch' hi Id lie removed, care being taken tiens the origin of the delightful art not to out the inner bark. The elm of kissing beetles spend the winter under the known in that country, and the peo-scale and larvae of the Tussock moth pie, when they are thirsty simply lie will also lie found here to some extent, I down beside brooks and drink the Spray the trunks of your maples | ter is it flows by them, it is evi-with carbolic acid wash as follows

l
!
without misgiving the transfer of
power from a dynastic Right under I •xp^^nenting for guests
When taking a sight-seeing trip
Drinking vessels are un-
from Ottawa to the Soo, 1 was per» Pineapple Sherbet-One ripe pine-| BUl<ied by friends to. stop off at Ren-
when the Right l>e-| agrated, the juice of 1 lemon, 1 grew for a day or two, and felt amply
lb. frugar, 1 qt. water. Stir till sugar j repaid foe-doing so by the beautiful
Freeze as ice cream. Serve I scenery round about the town, and
1'
MLnghetti to a dynastic lx*ft under Deiwretia. But came virtually extinct, and the Left wme to include a considerable number of Republicans hostile to the mon •.rchical system, and of Socialists eager to demolish the existing structure of society, nnd, above all, when
V
t
wa-
NEW DEPARTURE.

c
dissolves
m
dent, however* that infants oould not 1 pound of whale oil soap dissolved in ! satisfy their thirst In this primitive a gallon of hut water, one gallon of i fashion, and therefore their mothers
kerosene an<* a gallon of crude I have for ages supplied them with -I'j. Churn these together thor-
»
A llrrltn Piper Hun* a Wally « < lnmii
l ue I
The Berliner Fremdecbiatl

in lemonade glares
the novelty of seeing, and walking across the wire bridge.

‘4
N

an e

CREAM AND CUSTARDS
This "Novelty Bridge," a name
Cup Cu i ird: Beet 4 eggs thorough I *biah 1 think i( JlLstl.v deserves, has these sections of the Left showed I ly, add 3-4 cup white sugar and beat become almost an absolute necessity themselves w illing to conspire with | again, then add 1 quart hot milk and | to the townsmen, for it (vives the the adherents of the Papacy

n
tej*prising journal of the Germa capital, nas started quite a now d<
wa-
Â--
carbolic
1er by filling their own mouths first
u


oughly and add one pa it to ten parts | antj then of water. Apply to trunk and lower
letting it pass through j
their lips into the expectant mouth *	consists in	publishing the most iiJf
of their little ones, in some places	partant news telegrams of the day is
end you have	little trouble	with the	the banks of the brooks and rivers are	English and	French besides the natifs
maple louse. Most pernicious	enemy of	*, high that water cannot be obtain-	Gorman, in	which language the iL
ie maple Is	e aawfly borer. Where	I «j M the usual manner, and the	maiudur of	the piper is, of oourie,
mothers in such places draw it up printed.	]
through long reeds.
o
par ture in daily journalism
Th
c«
/
branches before the trees are in leaf
Pour workmen on the other side of the
s
who 1 teaspoon extract of vanilla
desired to restore the independence of into custard cups, set them in a drip-1 R^ge, a walk of half a mile or more, the States of the Church, it became ping pan in f.he‘ oven, pour hot wa- around by the big public bridge. The evident that the Sovereign would have	1er in	the pan,	and bake slowly	wire bridge takes them almost	to
to exercise personal vigilance and	flour, pinch of	salt, 4 eggs, beat)	their door,
activity undar the penalty of wit nos- whites separately sing the shipwreck of his dynasty and	butter,	milk, salt	and flour, lastly the!	and 3 or 4 feet	wide.	There are	12
of 1 tali* n unity. Thus it came to pass	beaten	whites.	Fold in blackberries	wires stretched	across	the gorge	to
V
I ti<
ci

the grub has worked, the wood dies and become* soft like punk this out and paint the cavity. If the cavity be very large, so as to weaken
3 *
Cut
<x
The bridge is about 400 feet long.
Beat yolks, add
Here are some of the piper's rec< Birds feed their young ones in efforts in translating the telegra similar manner. They lint fill their into "English:"
"After a wire of this morning fnim Shanghai, since 3 days the telegra pit -o connection Peking-Tientsin and Ti*Jo* practice is, according to tsin-Shunghui is interrupted, lie-the only source to which garding the events in Peking evifry the modern practice of kissing can confident notice is failing.	[
be traced
t
oc

te
ibig is appe-| L-rm a substantial b« t i«mover which	rT °; an,i up '\if 11 1,! H'k
I. ha* made no fleoret of bis determi- tizing for breakfast or supper.	planks are put, and a siding of fif- aIh*	m< (> l,lt n* T lii* 'iil! transfer it to the wide open mouths
nation to support the Moderate Left Almond Peaches—This is a luncheon teen wires is contrived to keep one 1	*1 ee support and preserve the ol" the little ones, Ibis very ancient
In all lawful ways, and, last year, he	dainty or dinner dessert, served with	from falling off, in case of dizziness,	symmetry of the trunk. The best	maternal
even transcended the strict letter of	ice cream. Select as many fine, red-	The sensation un first going over,	insecticide f"i c m leaves is Disparene,	Lombroso
his rights by authorizing the Pelloux	cheeked peaches as there are guests,	can scarcely be described, especially	VNk l* vv 1 v effective. It comes in
Ministry to suspend those provisions	Wipe carefully and halve, removingi	when one or more persons are coming	^ 1 n<* ^ ^ cans
of the Statu to, or Constitution, which stones
guarantee the liberty of public meet-	in g paste : Beat white of l egg stiff,	say that it is hard to remain standing	Jr<‘€S* 1 hiding the grounds around 1 he
in g and the freedom of the press,	add p>wdered sugar till creamy and	expresses it mildly, for were it not	ro°Ls admitting the air. 1 end to your
The suspension was intended to be	1 cup mashed peaches, 1 cup rolled,	for the aid of my companion, and the	now. Don t put it off.
only temporary, and King Humbert,	macaroons. Kill each balf-p acb w i.h	hide wires, to hold on to, I am afraid
Arrange ou white china I should h ive h id a difficult time in Decorate here and there be- crowing. The swaying motion caused by one's weight and when it is broken by some one

that, for some years, King Humbert
own mouths with water and then
# bake in boo oven
a

in
pe
flll
DC
Sl
cl
"Second wire from the imp*
The custom of pressing
one mouth to another originated with consul In lcheefoo says, that in Tallog the women in Terra del Kuego, who a fighting between the Chinese forts could only supply their inf inis with and the men of war of the powers dunk in ibis manner, and it is pre- begun.
j"J
Black ant* are often fatal to large
Fill each half with follow- from the opposite direction
To
hi
Clt
da
sumabie that they learned the lesson “Paris. New-pupers of this mojr from the birds. Finally, we are told ing call unanimously for a military that kissing is an evidence of atavism expedition to China., The cfcfhaat and a memorial of that early stage Ambassador wired to the vice-royi of
Junnan: Impossible to cable To Peking;
rn-
nt
no doubt, took for granted that it j the same, would be sanctioned by the Chamber I platter, of Deputies on the reassembling of j tween with well-washed, glossy, tiny that
SPRAYING TO KILL WEEDS
an
Those farmers in England and Scotia very strong,. j.., M,j *bo have tested
m
t«?
spraying for purpose of destroying charlock or wild
body. In that expectation he peach twigs, was disappointed, and the dissolution Tutti-Frutti Sponge Loaf—Take 1 of Parliament, to which he then had loaf of sponge cake, at least 24 hours recourse, was followed by the election old. With sharp knife remove the in-of a Chamber even loss favorably side, cutting an ince from the edge to disposed toward the Sovereign than prevent breaking. This makes a, was its predecessor
in our development “during which the wife had not yet triumphed over the mother nor love over maternity."
Lombroso "a views on this subject meet with the general approval of scientists, though there are some
Tli
at my peril you are summoned!, t# spend protection to Francois uudrbis men and not to hinder their depart
coming in the opposite direction, it m us tard, is still harder to keep up
sum up their opinions as follows: The charlock can tie destroyed in growing crops, without injury to the latter, by spraying with 50gallons two-per-cent, solution, two pounds in ten gallons of water, of pure sulphate of copper per acre; that the best
Wl
qu
The view from the bridge is very fine, reminding one slightly of the gorge at Niagara.
On arriving at the west side, we mounted a flight of wooden eteptx 1 from the top of the steep bank, secured a magnificent view of Renfrew, and the surrounding country, and also gazed again on the wire bridge, the only bridge of Its kind in the world.
de
ture
rol
nd*
“London, June 19. The corr eut of the Daily Telegraph I at Shanghai wires the follpwi g| dee
sd
Set in ice box over night the morning, provide 1 pineapple, a small one will answer, 1 box fresh red raspberries, 1 qt. ripe peaches, 1 box strawberries, if possible, three
box
In
who point out that bis explanation ui the origin of kissing is not in accordance with the one handed down to us! ®P Already five or six weeks i^astf
These latter the german minister Mr. de Ketti-ler,
cil
If
A BETTER PLAN
to apply this is when the charlock is young and from two inches to Inches in height; that where charlock is destroyed the grain crops are improved. The principal causes of failure, it is added, are spraying too late, using insufficient solution, and using impure sulphate of copper. For the effectual eradication of charlock a second spraying is necessary about a fortnight after the first, to catch plants that come up after the first spraying and those that somehow escape the full dose of copper that was intended for them. Far better results are obtained in following the drill rows than in crossing them, especially when the grain gets high, as each row acts as a sheltering well
a

su
The Sultan of Turkey wishes to celebrate the twenty-fifth eary of his succession to the throne
by the old Romans.
maintained that the kiss was invented | in • counsel of the Ourps diplum i tfique
has declared insufficient the me&ailne*
six
an
anniver-
w h
by a gorgeous jubilee, said Fosdick, I move from the oven. Serve cold. A But, f he wishes to create a genuine spoonful of whipped cream, or straw-m usat’on he ought h- pay his delfts. | berry or MlflBt jelly, on top of each sa«d Keedick
bananas
by husbands, who desired to ascertain
in this way whether during their ab-l taken by the ministers, conoernin, from home their wives had been | Europeans protection in Chine
well as the ambassadors, résilie Peking. An energical interferes^ of the european governments only wiould be able, to prevent the murder of Christians, and even of the arnkwe#**
tai
the
mi
sh<
se nee
drinking their wine or not.
at
aan
BORED
cup is a pleasing addition.
Rice Custard:	One quart milk, 1-2
teacup rice, 4 eggs, 4 tablespoons I understand Brown has gone away | white sugar, a pinch of salt and a for a FtUe fishing
No, I tbfak not. J believe be has j it in a double boiler with the milk
*K>1
1 have discovered, remarked the boarder with the pink suspenders, at the evening meal, where we can obtain cheap board.
Everybody looked up anxiously and waited for him to continue.
Where f eagerly asked the boarder with the green striped shirt, speaking for hi* fellow-sufferers.
1
WHAT HE EXPECTS TO DO
oi
WOOD PULP FOR CLOTHING.
Wood pulp paper as military clothing is used by the Japanese troops, it is marvelously tough, and has an appearance that might well be regarded with satisfaction far summer wear. It holds stitching uncom- ! missed at every shot. I say, dL, if monly well, while its warmth is un-1 them rabbits was a yard or so j n.*f.
| you'd make a fine bag!
pic
dash of nutmrg. Wash fthe rice, put
get
dore."
ecu

started out to look for the sea ser- and salt, and cook slowly for one
I hour. Just before taking it off stir in didn’t hear what he ] the sugar and thei yolks of the eggs,
well ben ten. Add the nutmeg, and No; 'lut I saw what he took with I turn the mixture into a pudding dish,
Watch closely and as soon as firm re- ’ heartless wretch
Cat
r
SPORTING RABBITS. I Gamekeeper, to sportsman wbf has
pent.
I guess y •aid when h# went away.
tb<-
•1»
wo
hot
At a lumber yard, cruelly replied the
abs
fed
doubted.
of «
*
JÊK
J? # iJ
i
L
J
k

X-
ë


a
¦»


„ jL
###PAGE###7###
rc
from the apple*, the elder ahould he | SOMETHING QUITE NEW— kvpt, at a temperature of about 65 deg. if powible, where wanted for urn# as Even then fermentation will
miles, in 5 du y* 20 hr, 55 min acoom.plkh Uiw font the giant
hound mu at hive maiiiluinod an average h{***!, day and night, of 22.65 knote, or twent j-elx land mi lev» hour.
TV>
YOU HAY HAVE USED MANY BRANDS OP TEAS.
i
(
$
grey
Od the Farm.
XI
LUDELLA
t
cider
»<xm begin. After a few day* the cider can be racked off into barrels which have been well cleaned mentation or at least the tendency to turn to vinegar will be checked.
an
KNOW THE WEEDS.
ne to I*, very popular In Canada of late to may that we are in the midst of a "growing time." If our readers will pardon us for borrowing the phrase, eve will refer to another way in which we are jumb at present experiencing a growing time and in. dirate u practical way in which we may improve some of I he opportunities ch it presents. The growing time refer to is this, the season of act-* tivity in the vegetable creation — t he season when we are afforded so many chazioea of deserving and studying the plant- life which surrounds us.
There is no doubt that a more careful observance of the habits of our
Fer-
It has
Ho! h ! b<* Otinanl Company's Lucan la
' " ' <	1 i 1 i.i are sLiter ships of over
12,000 tons register

Burp»-**-©» them all, because of Pm unequalled purity and
richness. In Lead Packets. 25 30, 40, SO and 80s
CJJ
CEYLON GREEN TEA lamo flavor »¦ Japan, only mere delicious
I’he furmsr a re-
cx*r4 for cm j U&O Im-i i g-pond is 5 days 7Ians. 2.‘t train., an average speed, of twenl y-two knots an hour Interesting fact about the Campania is that «he carried the heaviest anch-
BUSY
BOXERS PRACTICE BLACK ART.
You don’t do anything at all, do you, Dig by ?
Don't do » r in ng ? Do yon know Some sensational details showing how : that the work performed by the mere the chief Boxers delude the natives vital processes of the human body ev-Into the belief that they are nereides,” have just come to hand.
Am « matter of fact, it seems that
FOWUÎ AS SOIL IMPROVERS
Lnul Ignore ni Folio were la Itrllrir I key May lie Made l.ttuliier li!e.
An
Aden and acres of land by lack of available plant food are not producing huge crops, XVhat a help 200
». more bead of poultry would prove| WHAT THEY COST TO BUILD AND|1,1 '*¦" world
MAINTAIN.
WANTS OF THE OCEAN
I
They each weigh Both these veasels cost
Inrui- ery twenty-four hours amounts to
t
H 1-2 tone
nv.i rly £750,000 to Inn I I
toward get ting profitable yields from l his run-out land. Some will keep any kind of cows at little or no pi of it for 1 he sake of getting manure for their land, or will buy high-priced fertilizers, but do not give much attention to the hen that pays a handsome pro-
which calls forth this article, viz.: ' Du
lifting 34 UU ton.*»if
The llererd* of Nonir of the Lrei hound-* of «hr Deep—tiy inunelnI lie LiiteM A<lil II lo nu*
To build a modern ocean greyhound, equip it with the 1 itest and most powerful engines, furnish itm sal on* in an up-Uo-dut i style, and then' supply the I housandM and one necessaries to complete the «hip, would exhiust a banking account of over £1,0(10,000. This Irt the figure which the new llumburg-Aimsrican liner Deutschland will cost her builders when she stands
Another large st«virner which has
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
they make a regular business of ihe ^
Black Arts of the far East, and rent Tho " Balmoral," Fr0*5 BlIS rooms and give exi. lions of mar
recently been launches! 1» the Union C "inpany .s steamer Saxon her sister ship the Briton, both 10,000 to
Ain Plan. fl.&OA up.
\ilnje Afinui 11 rate» #15#
She and over
McGill Fa ini) j
per dsf
AVENUE HOUSE
! valons cleverness, which they declare i any China man can repeat himself if i he only pays a trifling sum to them, and joins t he secret society of the ' Righteous Harmony Fists.”
>
burthen will be the larg-leat ahipe trading between this country and South Africa
l'y

EFFECTS OK CONSTANT JOLD.
it is obrwrrved by travelers in Sib-eirla that the effect of constant cold Is practically the same as the effect of corks tant heat disinclination to work, and become «1 rangers to ambition of any descrip-(ion.
Mention may
al<o be made of America's four larg- ! ,
ewt steamers
»n<l St. Paul, 11,6J9 tons each Paris, 10,f>90; and the New York, 10,-
They arc the St. Louis
The other day a spy was smuggled into one of these demonstrations, and he has given the following graphic account of his experiences on that occa-Said he :
"When we reached the place the master Boxer and his followers were
I he
The people develop a
i
They will get a
cows
quantity of food
grasshoppers, etc., and their droppings,	,
Will not he left in email pile, to amotti- *eedy to m‘lkt‘ lwr maUen trip-
indeed, her owners have bad so
many unexpected Incidental expenses, tihatilt id prohibit we should be well within the limits if wo added another £ 01),(100. At the time of writing this article there is an army of divers digging away at the bad of a river, as in It he delivery of tha giant bujt the stunk on a bank Fourteen powerful tugs tried td move her, but after a fortnight declared themselves boat-
674
as grass, insects,
You Know the Weeds ?" Candidly, we must admit that, notwithstanding all that has been said and written and tritme to secure greater attention to I tha weed nuisance, there is still a very large numWr of farmers who continue to stumble over the same weed foes season after season, but who never think of finding out, what they are, their habits of life how* to get rid of them, or, in fact, anything about them. When a weed in not very prevalent
It is interesting to note, however, tii it many gigantic vessels are now being built
mon
®r the grass plants, but will be well broadcasted so as to do the most good for next year’s crop.
The Cunard Company arr building one which they declare
Will lw much f tst«r thin their two]on thpir kne,’s	prayers, during
which they threw charms in water
There 1* more Catarrh in this section of the country then ail other diseases put together, and tin 11 the ln*t few year* was supposed to be im arable. For aareat many year* doctors pro nounced it a Aocaldisexse. and prescribed loc al r^ iii-H.itnd by m r-tanily falling to < ure with
11... tVillf.. <lNr 1 which they drank. They declared that local treatment, pronounod it inourao e. d i-unite . tar iiin«	I p-rv e l.a* preven catarrh to bo a constitutional
this made them in vulnerable, and they » 4lHe^0, ,Uid therefore require* oonwiltutmi y
then commenced their exhibition, he- !	fc u^Tolieio. Ohio i“ on”,
c. ortiiutiouai uire on tne market. It i> taken internally In done* from 10 drops to a teiwpoon* ful. It	i ly ou the o
then u man came forward and I	fo?^caU IMl.ti™
• asked one of my friends to give him for circulars and testimonial*.
some blows on his stomach. He gave | ao1dbyYragrMa?75aNK *****
Hall's Family Pills are the beet.
famous greyhounds the Luca nia and Campania
have already laid the kn*d of a new boat in Me sis rs. Harlan 1 and Wolff's

DANGERS OF ELECTRICITY.
Novel Fxpcrl turn t« Keren I ly Made by Prafestor Weber, of Zarlrli.
ginning wil b swallowing knives and so on.
shipbuil lin<g yard, which will surpass t ho Oceanic in size
Som<‘ very Interesting experiments
with them, they simply take no notice b i ve just been mule In Zurich, with
of it. When it becomes thick enough 1 ol,jec* ascertaining the precise
to Iw in the way they start to wonder ( 1,1 1<ms unr*er which electricity is
dangerous to human life
The North German Lloyd also intend to construct a steamer to surpass not only sptnwl, but in its luxurious internal
eti
The Deutschland will not only bef the costliest passenger ship afloat,
Imt «.be will also be by far the fastest.
By the aid of bur two quadruple ex- IT the large steamship companies go pinsion engines of 35,000 horse-power (m increasing the length of every new she will be abltv to maintain an aver- steamer they build, one wonders what \ age speeiil across the Atlantic of ( thb ultimate result will Ije. At pres-23 knots or 28 miles an hour. This our large liners are nothing less glint of the ocean will have a length than huge floating cities, boasting of over all of (j8G 1-2 ft., a width of 07ft., a population of 2,000 souls, capable of and a depth of 41ft. Her stokers steering themselves through wind will (1>‘ ke.pt busy in supplying coal to I aud storm across the 3,500 milts of
ocean that separate the two great Oon linen is.
him five blows, but they did not appear to hurt him at all. A brother of mine then asked to be allowed to
The general impression has been that currents
finish, thtvir rival company's steamer the Deutschland.
what it is, and alunit the time it haw
/
got to lw really bad they have diet uv..
6ied that it is one of their worst *<l|SS *ban 500 volts could not lie
filai, y el i few rase* of leaths have
Why is this Î Simply because so	recorded through currents which
w«re as low a.n 120 volts
A DIVERSION REMOVED
We had to send our parrot over t®
mot ber’s.
Too noisy I
No; but our new cook played with her so much it made all our meal* late.
try

©neUntea.
" The Boxers made no objection, whereupon my brother, w ho is a very muscular man, gave him two blows which very much upset him ; he could not stand a third blow.
A Berna t-
tnm> Turners have not yet learned to
take sufficient pi ins to acquaint them. (’ll,roil,s	volts hive in like
manner been regarded as a b Mill r ly
Now, it is certainly vastly easier bannie®*, yet experience shows that | to acquaint oneself with the twenty ^is conclusion is not always correct.
Wi'h the >bj >ct of arriving at de-
selves with the weed plants.
W PC 1038
" Another man got a chopper and began striking his stomach with it. He, however, took care only to strike the soft part of his stomach, and ho
on thirty weed plants which are apt to do more or leas harm, and to stamp ^nite truth on the vexed questions, the.ni out u« they appear, than to be I'rofeasor Weber, a distinguished forced into an acquaintance after they	scientist, mule several ex peri-
ha ve become established, and then ™fnt* on himself. He first mide a have all the fun of going to work to ***& with 30 volts, and found that
whm he grasped the wire® with mois-
CALVERT'S
her 112 furnaces
Carbolic Disinfectant*. Soaps, Olnt-
diil himself no harm, ft was just like 1 ment. Tooth Powder*, eto.. have been
Awarded 100 medals and diplomas for superior excellence. TnHr regular ueo prevent Infectious diseases. Anic your dealer to obtain * supply. Lists nisi ltd free on application.
But the Deutschland cm boast of

several innovations not fourni on any of 1 he oi heir large liners fully-equipped grill-room on the up-
striking an india-rubber ball.
" Then the man was foolish enough to ask some one to chop him on the arm, saying that it would do him no
SULTAN'S EXPENSES
There is a


The yearly expenses of the Sultan par kleok, where first-class passengers ! have been estimated at no less a sum may obtain the 8ui«ub»nt chop or | than $30,000,000 steak at any h #ur, of ( lie day

eradicate them
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
¦NOLAND
!


This us the season of the year to toned hands, his arms, wrists and look about and see what is growing on bands were practically paralyzed.
I the farm and in the neighborhood. The w tN Impossible for him to move man who keeps his eyes open will of-	hand, an arm. or	even a finger, and
ten meet with some surprises. Do not	the pi in in th*4B	parts of his body	obi I	Iren, containing	all kin-ls of	toys	j	own	wardrobe.	Nearly	$7,500.000	is	|	"	Besides this they	allowed	any	one
I think carelessly and complacently, as was bo acute that he could not An- 1	enough to gladden I he heart | swallowed up by presents, 35,000,000 | to strike them with a bundle of iron
¦we often hoar farmers declare, (hat	dure it for more than ten minutes. He j °*	most	whimsical child that	ever	j	goes	for pocket	money and still	an-	! bars.	When	struck	with the bundle
"there are no bad weeds in our part | also experienced	considerable diffi-	oraw:1 The	ocean.	Most Interesting	j	other $5,000,000	for the	Uble.	It	| they	cannot	be hurt much,	but	one
°ftt\n vertex ulsix-e^ " ^goi i^m is cuiiy jn freeing his hands from, the a^» however, Is the gymnasium, aeems incredible that so much money J of our party asked to be allowed to j> tn ve y exp« n e.	| w• rvfl ||jM next test was with 50 !	11 the first time that my liner j can possibly b spent in a yenr by one | strike a Boxer with a single bar He
has beon able to blast of possessing
MANCHESTER
Of this $7,500,000 injury, lie was chopped on the arm I here | al mo i« spent on the clothing of the with the result that his arm was near isolsoa veay spacious playground for 1 women and $400,000 on the Sultan's ly nut in two.
It

Brass Band
a
Instrument», Drums. Uniform», Etc.
Every Town can have a Band
Lowest prloss ever «looted Flee oeUloguo 80 alien* mailed free Write u for Anything la
man, but wrh**n it ie remembered that got permission, and gave the Boxer Whftlsy RoyOS A CO## Tur Lwl»nlpsg,eBmi ¦ome 1,500 people live withi’i l he pal- » blow which almost disabled him." _	__________________________
CIDER MAKING HINTS
volts, and the pi in in this Instance


a properly constructed gymnasium where young and old may seek recreation and relaxation from the routine of life aboard ship. It is supplied with, horizontal bars, parallel bars, a aw lug in g trapeze, Indian clubs, dumbbells, and all the other paraphernalia necessary for a complete gymnasium.
The present sea son with its promis- was ao acute that he could not endure rig apple crop will undoubtedly see a j ^ f°r more thin two seconds.
Neither was it possible for him to
ace walls, live luxuriously and dress expensively at the cost of the Civil List, it appears a little more comprehensible.
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES,
»n«l other FRDDUC'K, to ensure best result» convia» tv
th«, vsrirsssLfevar
• ng of diamonds destroys the best, ex- I _ ___________
pression of the «ace dims the fire of j CatHollC Prayer '^f^^gui^ the eyes and makes the teeth look IW'giou# Picture*, statuary. &»d Ch,,rcA Om&men^
J	1 K«HicstSOQal Work-»	pf ’sVei*
tiou.	0. & J. SABLIER A CO., Montrwl.
I

SARAH ON DIAMONDS
•real- deal of cider and vinegar made
Jibe prevailing idea that cider can he Iree his hands from the wires, and for
¦	made from any kind of apples, may 1 h * i'©«sf>ii tbit hi) hinds and fingers IB. Wwuit in a great deal of poor cider we,e 90 benumbed by paralysis as to ÜÉ l mi consequently poor vinegar. Es- practically lifeless. A similar re-
I Serially	made test
premature dropping is more common w*lb dry hands, but not until the in-	A11 ht Aig h the Deutschland is the
R.	than usual. An attempt will un-	ten-ity of the currents had reached	fastest! ship	she	cannot be said	to	be
I	uubu-.il> be made to utilize this parti-	9ü volls.	tbe largest,	t he	Oceanic	being	some, One of them tried very hard to make
'¦ÿr illy mature)! fruit by making it into	THE CONCLUSION	l«Mt longer. We hive heard a great i the other understand something, but a very Plicate girl
eider. This may be the best means which Professor Weber has arrived deal abu-ut this latter boat, and she %e wits either very hard of bearing or T>h, 1 don't know ; .she must have a ** disposing of it, but good cider can- is < hat "there is danger in grasp- may truly bo eu id to be nothing less ajow in believing.	good deal of strength to squeeze her
not be expected from such fruit. It lug the conductors of two alternate than an ocean city. She can carry	|a3t his friend lost his ternir wa'at in like that
i* will be thin and watery and vinegar currants with the h in ,1s while in a 1,575 passengers, while her crew num- amj exclaimed, Why, don’t you «(-«* f mule from it will oontain a small per- dry condition whenever the difference ber 450. The Deutschland carries It’s as plain as A B Cl
0	caillage of acetic acid. As most	between the intensity of the two	1.067 passengers,	and will	probably	be
fl'Atea require 4 to 4 1-2 per cent of	coeductors exceeds 101) volts." At	mi lined by	a crew of over 600.
acetic acid dnegar made from poor	the same time ho points out that,
1	cider must be tested before being sold,	while currents of such comparatively
rVt the amount of acetic acid in vine-	low Intensity are dangerous, other
h	gar will depend primarily on the per-	currants of very high intensity are
oe.itage of sugar which the cider	un-ie-r different conditions absolutely	contains, it cun easily be seen t hut	ly harmb'Sd. In explanation it is
y	to^have the best cider and cider vine-	«.«hi that these strong currents affect
ga,r, well-developed apples contain-»>; ing enough sugar to make at least 0 k	pe cent alcohol must be used. They
B slh-uld uol l>e of the very sour variety
¦	nor of the very sweet. Russets,
DULL PUT READY
Two commercial travelers in a rail- [ l:k« chalk way carriage entered into conversation.
JUDGED BY HER DEEDS.
That slender M;3S Simpson looks like
LAW
MILLS, MILLS A MALES,
Larri.terr, etc.
Removed to W***ley Building*, Illuhmo d St. W., Tonmto.
I
III] I
• III

I
I


»
Failure Impossible
When Nervi line—nerve-pain cure—id applied. It mittens not of how long standing, its penetrating and pain _ | subduing power is such th.it relief is
Nerviline is a This statement ex-Try it and t>e convinced.
Dyeing ! Cleaning I
That may be, said (he other : but, you see, I am D E F.
Far the very bent «end your work t»> the
H BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
l/ook for agent in your town, or send direct.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec
It is estimated that over 10.000 tons
of steel were used in the construction oi the Oceanic, and with cargo and passengers it is doubtful if she weighs much less thin 25,0JO Urns ninety-six fires consume over 500 tons of coal a day
so qui kly the surface of the holy | fifty-three tons, and the two propel that it is impossible for them to press lsns weigh thirty tons each into the interior and produce physio- have each three blades of logical changes there.
A no! her notable discovery was made by Professor Weber many a workman had been while handling a conductor in which the current was 115 volts, while en-
nlmuisi instantaneous
Dodd's
nerve-pan cure pretties /all
roofing •«wr.rsr:a
. Metsl Ceil mgs,
are the only medicine that will cure Diabetes Bright’s Disease this dis-
Pub
Hor
AN ESTHETIC DIVERSION.
Is your now boarding place aristocratic t
Yes, very; when we begin to eat corn off the cob our landlady gets up from the table and starts a music box to playing.
D8>, Toronto, dene br our Him)
¦i»eA,eui Kill¦*tee fur»ten*4 for work e omple
“•uïSiiY/siir. su^iuss&i*
Kidney
Her rudder weighs
Like
They
ease was incurable until Dadd’s Kidney Pills cured it. De themselves confess that without Dodd's Kidney Pills they are powerless against Diabetes. Dodd’s
ENGLISH
TEETHING SYRUP
Largest Sale
manganese bronze, costing about £L50«J per blade.
No fewer than twenty different me ih are served each day on the Oce-During one voyage this is what the pinsengers and crew of this float-
Pis
ctors
Smith's Cider, Snow and those of that class are the best
He knew th it killed
SAKE, SURE, AM) PAINLESS

However
judiciously mixing sweet and sour, a high-class product lesults.
Another element of success is a
by

Whit a world of meaning this
Just what
am
statement embodies ar* 1 coking for, ix it not ( Put nanVa Painless C >rn Extractor—ih»* great .<U!>-p>p corn cure—acts in this way. it iD 'kwi no sore spots; s ife, acts speedily and with certainty; sure and
miWly, wif boat inflaming the pi rte; | THE NIMM0 anti HARRISON
p'inlvssly. Do not bd imposed upon by imitations or substitut.*®
Kidney Pills are the first medicine that ever cured Diabetes. Imitations— box, name and till, are advertised to do so, but the medicine that </«#>•
mg city consumed, the figures being taken from the chief steward's order
of fresh meat, beef mutton, and lamb, 2,000 head of chickens and ducks, 1,000 head of game, 25 ton.s of potatoes, 150 barrels of flour, 6,000 lbs. of eggs, and 6,400 lbs. of sugar.
So* large is the. vessel that it takes the officer who makes a daily inspection of the ship two hours of rapid \\ i Iking to vi>i i all her various departments
vast army of employee amounts to £2,000 a mon th
wheim at sea is about £350 £200 to overhaul the floating city before starting for a fresh1 voyage.
gmeera hid constantly handled a
similar
IN THE WORLD.
clean cider mill, dull cider makers have improved machinery and keep their buildings end presses perfectly clean, but in
Of course, up-to-
conductor without meeting boot- 31.000 lbs with any injury, and he d-tm-mined
to fin 1 out w hy the current has proved so fatal in the case of workmen. One reason, he claims, is because en-presses. | gin^rs, owing to their training, are
constantly on their guard against danger from electricity, and, furthermore, while performing such work are isolated from the ground through the, soles of their shoes. The workmen, on the other hind, sometimes work in their bare feet and sometimes in damp leather shoes, the result being that
cure
BUSINESS .nd SHORTHAND
I. 0. 0. F. Building, Toronto.
mu Y of the apple-growing sections, to^e are small mills and
COLLEGE
ham anl bacon, 10,(MM)
QUICK REALIZATION.
Hogan—D<> you believe in dreams, M ke ?
Dugan—Kaith night I dhit nit I was awake, an* in the morning me dbream kem thvue.
These are seldom in the best condition
1AU apple pomace should be removed as
Ghee e most thorough course of individual ,	. instruction in all Business and Civil Service
Last J subjeete, Shcrthane, Typewriting, Ete.
Kxpert experienced tear her*, eqelpment and adTintag'i unsurpassed, open entire jeer.
quickly a# passible and not allowed to decay no a: (lie mill
I do
an
The crushing rollers and the presses should be cleaned Sequent ly and fumigated, if
by I he use of burning sulphur. If ijbe pomace cannot he utilized for
• Pills, ills are coats a boa at all
’s Kidney i Kidney F
le Dodd's Kldne
Is Dodd i
Il Dodd's
U AAv ce* _ I] druggists.
jy22QQ2ï2Z33$2
The wagets bill of her

sibl
The Canada Permanent and Western Canada
Mortgage Corporation.
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
MRS. WINSLOWS SOOTH I NO SYRUP ha* h,*, S*fU t.y moth pro for their < hiliin-ti teething. It soo he the child, softens the gums, allay* pain. . urea wind colic, a ltd is the lient remedy fur diairh.oa 25t\a bottle. Bold by all drnggi*n throughout the world. Be »ure and ask for " Mrs. Wiue owe Soothing Syrup.
Her daily coni hill
It costs

feed, it should be hauled r iimllspread upon the land as fertilizer w here it w ill tw of the most benefit. All md utensils used about the mill} "here fumigation is impossible, d be scrubbed with lye fiom wood or a strong solution of crude
slot
away | either through this dampness or through their own bodies a connection is established between them and I he earth which necessarily leads to their death.

A SHINING MARK

As far as ttia writer is able to as-	Borrows—Easy, is he?
certain, such Vessels as the Oceanic Graph ter—Well, I should say. I
earn for their owjiers about £15,000 wrote to him once and asked him to It is stated that shanks have to £.0,000 a month, varying, of course, lend me 92. It seems I spelt two t penetrated into the Mediterranean
double o, end forgot to cross the t. I through the Suez Canal from the Red
Lau
HIAKK< IN MEDITERRANEAN
sb
Orriez- Canada Permanent Building,
Toronto St., TORONTO.
Bean> h OrricKs—
Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver. SO, St. Jehn, N S
Professor Weber’s experiments hive attracted widespread attention among scientists, and the belief among them is general that our knowledge of electricity is more likely to be increased by practical tests of (hi* kind than in any other way.
now
act

pot akh.
, W If It be utensils are so old that taint | or aijtiell cannot be removed by this J procj-ss, it pays to abandon them and 1 g«d	iwm. Where satisfactory
conditions concerning surroundings caunM be obtained, it is best to haul I th, apples to the cider mill, have them worked up at once and take the cider
according to the season.
The third largest liner is the North | Be sent me $100 German Lloyd steamer Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, which has just had su* h a narrow escape from the fire in New York Harbor
Sea
Capital Paid Up, $6,000,000 Reserve Fund, ¦ 1,500,000
cffipu- mm**!/ ft, c*tunAt/h</s c*.*/
b /jtlAjtÀs - //tT-ds 'h-uMj&eA/'rf
This immense boat has a length over all of 649 ft. Shq holds the record for crossing the
It is much easier to be polite and Atlantic, having no fewer than three home * be same day. This prevents the neighborly than to fly into a passion times surpassed the record formerly absorption ol objectionable odors and when things don't suit you. Take this heW by the Luca nia red mes to a minimum the evil effects note, for instance, addressed by a voyage t he Kaiser Wilhelm steamed of a poorly-kept cider mill. "" jady to the woman who lived next from Sandy Hook Lightship to Chert be Juice has been extracted door:	bourg, a distance of about 8,190
Money to Loan
President —
George Coederham.
lit Vice Preeldf-nt snd Chairman of KstCUl ive Comml'U*
J. Herbert Mason.
te<l Vine Prudently. H. Beatty.
POLITENESS TEE BEST RULE
Deposits Received and Interest Allowed

On a recent
Debentures Issued &r Sterling and Cup.

/IlM~û7V Â).
mml Manager—
Walter 8 Leo.


\
###PAGE###8###
Y
It Takes all Kinds
U KNOW u
WANT A FALL SUIT.
it must necessarily
“ There’s Nothing Too Good for the Irish.”............
of people to make a world, so
take all kinds of
Boots and Shoes
to suit those people, and prices must be right.
Why wait until the rush is on? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order now with us.
SILVERWARE.
%
The Public
may rely on getting our goods at the
Lowest Market Price
always Troy for cash, thereby securing
the discount.
I
we
0
1
In buying Silverware it always pays to get the very best.
A. R. N|cCUIRE,
as we

THE TAILOR.
WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED A NICE LOT OP
5
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE,-------—
Silverplated
QUE.
Knives, Forks, Spoons,
GENUINE NEVADA D and A,
The real thing for wedding and birthday presents.
between France and England, save the hatred of every class of each nation for the other. What specially have scared English are the French experiments with submarine boats, but many other French doings are having their effect."
PONTIAC
THE WAR.
I
e
WOOLLEN
More Heavy Fighting
THE CHANNEL SQUADRON
BRITAIN ACTS
Prate Pacl Junction By. .4EBEH5B
the enemy the greater part of the day over a perimeter of nearly thirty roues. Lyttleton’s division and two brigades of cavalry, all under Buller, operated southwest of Dalmanutha. French with two brigades of cavalry moved northwest of Belfast, driving the enemy to Lekenvly the Belfast Lydenbury road. As French reached Lekenvly, Bole-Oarew advanced from Belfast in support. The enemy in considerable strength op posed Buller’s and Pole-Carew s advance. He brought three Long Foins and many other guns and Pom Poms (quick firing guns) into action. The firing until dark was hot and persistent. Buller hopes that his casualties will not exceed forty.
“ Bole Carew has not yet reported. The Boers are making a determined stand. They have a large number of guns, the country is difficult and well suited f<»i their tactics and is less favorable to ca\*
have hitherto worked
18 BEING STRENGTHENED
London, Aug, 27.—With the intention of adequately protecting British commerce in the Engluh channel a reorganizAtv n of the naval reserve squadron is being ai-nnged, to take effect next October.
The antiquated battleship Alexandra, now the flagship of Sir Gerard Noel, superintendent of the naval reserves, is to be replaced by the Albion, one of the newest battleships, and most of the vessels forming the fleet at the recent naval man will be included in the strength
ened defence force.
This will be spilt into two squadrons, one not to cruise beyond Gibraltar, and the other to act ru & coastguard. A fleet of several torpedo boats also will be at
tached.	,	,	.
The admiralty is making the change as
quietly a? possible, but it is understood the stationing of French cruisers at C alais and the general naval activity displayed in the Gallic porta nearest England are the causes which led the admiralty t<> decide to rearrange and strengthen the naval force to protect the British shores.
SOMETHING flEW :
A neat Box containing a half dozen Knives and a half dozen Forks, the Knives with celluloid handles. Only $2.25 per set.
Handsome Tea Spoons at 75 cents per dozen.
MILLS.
Official Time Table :
AM
Arrive 9 46 “	9.21
Aylmer
tBreckenrldge
;*L'*rH>y
Parker’*» Crossing t'Mohrs Q,uyon Wyman's tTanfc Bristol McKee’s Sbawvllle Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank
VVintou
Coulonge
?Mellon's
Waltham
5.46 Leave 6W **
O
This well-known and reliable establishment will be found this season fully prepared usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
9.06
6.12
8.58
6.18
8.60

6. at
8.40
6.87
8.22
• «
on
««
6.47
8.14
M
6.66 •*
soon as
8.08

..
6.58
8.02
M
7.04
as
7.52
oeuvere
7.26
7.31
7.45
7.18
6.00
7.16
8 03
7.06
• 4
4 4
8.12
6.54
66
8.30
6.39
8.47
Leave 6.30
Our stock of Cloth
8.55 Arrive
•Flag Station. fTauk. VFlag Station
E. HODCINS & SON.
including all the finest makes in
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
SERGES
}
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, &c. &c.
airy than any we over.
OTTAWA & GATINEAU RÎ
London. Aug, 27.—The war office has received the following despatch froul L^rd
k “ The Boers have been beaten hack by
&Ji*'8'	A m,™ JL
The text of Lord R 'bens’ despatch excitement this afternoon by what ap announcing the capture of General Olivier pears to have been a most 001	: *	fa w hODC.Itb^
*..-.*«*	XZ	PROROPBIETOR
For t ickets and fu	made from three sides on Wynberg. L ri has nut for aome tine been lining with hi.
1 southern portion c-f the Change Colouey for some time, i here "eie sv\er.il 4 during the war.”	pie in the house, among otheis a
TIME CARD, jm-»* ................................................. - ”"'“J —
In Effect JULY 2, 1900. convicted of being a ring-leader m the
Ail uxav,	t() aiu(iuct Gen. Roberts and kill
EASTERN DIVISION. British officers.
Trains daily between 53
)
Double Murder at Montebello
will found choice find complete in every respect, and at mone
Fall and winter Tsine Talle
Taking effect Oct. 10, 1990
It’s a Decided Fact
ng pn
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
5.20	p.m
9.20	a.m
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
no
Sprin
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
Are drawing the trade our way
tine are using our Flour. r.	..	_
For sale at all times ; FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
11 h.iiest Market Price raid in Cash forWhea*.
nun
Season
All leading bakers of Pon-
i
Hie farmers get same quality in exchange

the street.	.	,
Lacroix followed, and overtaking them,
Thomas
tired on both, with fatal effect walked a few hundred feet and tell dead. The woman was instantly killed.
It ia difficult, owing to the excitement, to get the actval facta of the shooii ig,
are now before the
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of MILK PAILS MILK PANS BREAD PANS, DISHES of all Kinds
THE SKAWVILLE MILLING CO. j
1$. PS 4iO !> WORK
London, Aug. 24.—The following despatch has been received at the war office from Lord Roberta
11 Pretoria, Thursday, Aug. 23.-Baden-Powell rescued one bundled British prisoners at Warm Baths Aug. 22, and cap tured 25 Buers and a German artillery
officer.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
MINUTES
and the eye witnesses coroner’s jury, which is Bitting croix, after the shooting, wont into a house in the vicinity and took refuge m the upjbüs part of if, refusing tu surrender to the constable. Ho had the ic/ulv**r and ammunition in his possession. Ann
and tho house
Li

Furniture !
limited TRAINS2 hours
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
a 6.10 A, M
1
;
Local—Stops ml all intermedi.-te
Rockland
1.
h!.l
. y
real $•
Arrives M 11 iw ' r v irj Ihanuh, \ i Junction, for Cornwall Midpoints
Bran.' at Cot
1*41
Builer’s casualties Aug. 23, were sev killed and Capt. Eüershaw and
n9.CC A.M . Limited, arrives Montreal 11 : akiug dose con nv tions with 1. V. Hy. M
Halifax, and all inter;
ed guards were placed ar to prevent his escape until suc i time as n warrant could be prepared and executed. Lacroix escaped from the house, but subsequently captured at the station,
and will bd taken to Hull.
The c .roller's jury brought in a verdict ( -,f wilful murder against Lacroix. It is : said that Mrs. Lacroix had been living m ; " Hull f-.r some time and only came down here by train this forenoon.
en men
21 men wounded and five missing.
" Kitchener Aug. 22 had eight casual
Furniture !
XLSO A FULL LINE 01
Express for Quels points east. Pullman Parlor i ar a
l.M.CO A.M. Sundays only—Stops
Arrives Montreal 11.00 a.i
bed
AGATEWARE
Pullman
ties
stations
Pallor Cor attached.
,,11 90 P. M., Limited—StopstilenHolier
a «.vs Montreal 6 40 p.m. Pullman Fwtor Car . -tu.-hed. Connects with trains tor Rutland and ail points east of Montreal. For Valley He id and i lointe south of the St. Uwrençe River m Allans. Burlington, ctv. Arriving Boston . m New York 7.80 a.m. Has through Bullet t Ottawa to New York
li is invited
mi inspection of v
“ While reennnoiteringin the Kumati valley Bundle found 140,000 rounds of ammunition buried.”
All are coming Home.
LATEST NEWS FROM SOUTH AFRICA INPI*
CATES speedy return of our troops.
Toicnto, Aug. 24.—Evening Telegram's special cable : London, Aug. 24.—It 1»
possible that the Iloyal Canadian regiment ^\ils Robt., Miss Pearland Master of infantry will soon be relieved from ser- xllnn Faneli went to Norway Bay on
vice in South Africa. Prom several	]H.t<
sources the news has come that Canada a rpj)v ,,rajn ,,f }{\\ kimls seems to bo a first contingent would be kept but a short ^ c* and tJlü harvest is turning time longer in the tieid. A despatch from =’ „ Many "f our neighbors are nearly
Cape Town goes to strengthen this report.
Capt. Maynard Rogers, of D company, at Cape Town three weeks ago endeavoring to make arrangements for the early return to Canada of the regiment in which he serves. This is taken as providing a reliable indication that the Royal Canad-regiment will shortly sail for home.
Chinese forces Gathering around
Pekin.
Moscow, August 23.—The Japanese legation here has received news that a force of nearly eighty thousand Chinese is gathering rapidly in the neighbourhood of Pekin and trying to surround the capital and check the allies operations.
War with Britain
THE STATEMENT THAT FRAN< E IS PREPARING FOR 8CVH REPEALED.
was
I
Stoves.
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Line of Furniture is out of sight !
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
r
The balance <>f our stock of S' lie cleared out at reduced figure
mg Car
n7 20 : M. Local Stops at Interned Arrives Montreal lo.lOj'.m. t'muieets at interna Jut. lion for Cornwall, Kingston, T eto. Haa Pullman Parlor Car to Montreal
n. Chien#
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
Trains arrive at Ottawa C.uinral Depot :
•11,30 A.M. Loral-from Boston, N. w York. N-w
Li,gland and New York p>iuts. Mortrul leaving at 7.45 a m. Stops at all local stations. Has through Bullet Sleeping Car New \ ork to Ottawa.
1 25 P. M. Limited—Kn-m Montreal and ]mints east, leaving Montreal at ll.oVa.m. Has Pullman Pallor Car.
«7.35 P. M. Local—From Montreal. Valleyfi'ld and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, I iron; i, and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leav irg Montreal at 4.10, p.m.
>9 1C P. H. Sunday only; Fnm Montreal amt intermediate pointa, leaving M mtreal at 5.M. p.m. Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car attached.
nlC.15 P; M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at
nnectihg with I.C. Ry. Express from Has Pullman Parlor Car,
G. E. WAINMAN
in Parlor Suites
J
i
out
Ehawville
i
through.	. ,.
Mrs. Kelly, <»f Ottawi. accompanied by
her three children, Olin, Florence and
Mabel, are the guests of Mr. and Mrs.
Robt. Queate.	,	__
Mr. P. J. Masson, of Messrs. McGinn
& Abbott, of Kazubazua, was visiting
friends in this section from Wednesday
till Friday.
Another gang of men went up on Thursday for the Gillies Bros., in charge of Mr. J. Sloan, of Vinton.
Mr. W. Clarke went up the Pickanock
road Thursday.
Mr. Leedo», representing the Almonte Factories, was here Friday and Saturday and registered at the Otter Lake House.
f Messie. K. Isln*
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
• Hides
P.S.—Top price for and Pelts.

50 YEARS* EXPERIENCE
tan
11 points ea«t
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
»
ATENTS
1
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Outrai Depot :
6 15 A. M. For Arnprlor. Renfrew. Egan ville, Pem-i7r,,k«-, Parry’s Bay, Whitney, i anoe Lake, I’arry
Bedroom Suite,
Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress Parlor Table,
Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
Show the products of the best manufacturers, they do their own talking.
Sideboard,
Extension Table, Dining-room Chair, Kitchen Table, Kitchen Chair, Bedstead,
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
Anrone sending a sketch and description mat nnlckly ascertain our opinion free whether an
sent free. Oldest agency for securing: patents.
Patents taken through Munn A Co. receive tlxcUil notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.

i
Ills

I
Pcm
4.40 p. M. F**r Amp.-tor. R-nfn w, Egan broke, Ma lownska and intermediate *tati
1.00 P. M. Mix' d Train for Arnj Egan ville, Mails eraeka and Interned
Till* îvjllvsrllt'lt I VO
kana tV Co., of Japan, wan at the Otter
Lake House on Friday.
I). Gillies, EsM., M. I*. I\ and lus son
who had been up to their Company « limits, arrived at the Otter Lake House Friday, leaving for the Bay the same evening accompanied by Mr. W. Afoore Airs. Robt. (jueale and Master Jere
niiah went to Ladysmith on Friday.
Sans Ceremonie
»rior, R( nfr iate Mtatioi;1
Trains arrit .it Ottaw i <	•'	:
M.idflwaska, Pembr
11,10 V	nprior and intermediate points
' From Farrv Sound, Fg,in ville, R< Àmprior and intermediate pointa.
2 50 P. M. Mixed Trains from Msdawaska, Ega * ill.-, Renfrew, Arnprlor and intermediate statioi
a-Trains running daily c b—Sunday only.
A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest r r. fulatlon of any scientific tourna. Terms.#, a rear: four months, #1. Bold by all newsdealers.
iEBtrrJLtirt
5.55 P. M
New York, Aug. 25.—A cable despatch says: 44 That the French government is preparing for war there can no longer be any doubt. The Pall Mall Gazette, of London, makes this statement editorially. It but puts in concrete form what news-¦all parts of England have been more veiled way for three
frew
CUTHBEIRSON, GRARAM & ELLIOTT,
Sun lay,
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Mr. A. Ribout his been appointed Emigration and Cdunixition Agdnt of the Dominion Government for Nipiising, Pontiac and Tcmiscaminguo region.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
i
Central Depot, Russell House Block
Canada has won the grand pr ze at the Paris Exposition Lr etcviidary education.
papers in saying in a
days.

Ul by all
Ticket* to Europe i«4 all parti of tl American And Cinad an steal: skip
tours.
e r.
“ There is absolutely no reason for
war

/





