###PAGE###1###
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JULY 24, 1902.
No. 0. 20th Year.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
FIRST-CLASS
)
BANK OF OTTAWA
a
I FARM FENCING!
A choice stock of picture frame mouldings at Imlson's Studio.
For enlarging, copying, viewing, picture framing and photos of the best platino finish go to Imison’s Photo Studio.
OTTAWA, CANADA
.........§2,000
......... 1,705,000
Held 08k#
OF CANADA.
ONLY
Capital paid up

Ural
30 Cents per ROD j
MIDSUMMER
BARGAINS !
Board of Directors
RAMSAY’S PAINTS-the right Paint to paint right. Seo new picture ad. Inside page. For sale by O. F. Hodglns, Shawvllle.
Charles Magee, Esq., President. George Bay, esq.,Vice-President.
How. Geo. Brtsok, Jr.	Joint Mather, Esq..
?lex. Fraud. Ehq , Davih Mac Lake.*, Enq.,
D ESN is Murphy, Ehq
- $0,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
CAPITAL
for sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
FOR SALE
1	10 foot selected cedar skiff, new.
2	18-ft. 8clect<?d white plr.e skiff, new Apply to Geo. Baalantjnr,
Bristol, Que
Head Office, • Montreal.
General Manager, .. .. Manager
GEORGEBURN D. M. FIN NIB
ROOMS TO LET—The show rooms in the building lately occupied by McDowell & Hodglnn, opposite Merchants hank, Shawville. Well suited for business purposes. Apply to	R. W. Hodgins.
That the Melotte is the easiest running Separator on the market Is shown by the results of the latest Separator trials carried out by the Royal Agricultural Society.
Smart & Smith, Agents.
Branches : IN ONTARIO
Keewatin.
Kemptvdle,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
SIUWVILLE BKAXC'H,
I An ark, Parry Wound Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, Renfrew
Wanted at Oncb—On a farm in Manitoba-a good man and his wife to work on farm; wife as housekeeper. Will pay $35 per month for five months. Employment in winter at smaller wages.
John Elder, Norquay, Man.
Alexandria, Am prior, Avonmore, Bracebridge,
Carleton
CobdenflH
Hawkeebury,
Money loaned on approved eeeurlty at reasonable rates.
Farmer! note* bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parte of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amount! of one dollar! and upwards and lntereit allowed.
Office Hours .
SATURDAY* . .
<lo
do Bank St do Rideau St. Toronto, do Sommet St. Winchester Van Kiev k Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA :
Place,
PERSONAL
All Summer Goods and Remnants to be Cleared Out at less than Wholesale Cost.
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
' Portage la Prairie
IN QUEBEC:
,	Hull,
Shawinigan Falla
Agents in Canada, New York and Chieago-Bank of Montreal.	_ , „ .
Agents in at. Paul-Merchant* Nat Bank.
Agents In London, Eng.-Parr’» Bank Ltd,
Youthful Eyes for The Aged
When print blurs and reading Is Only possible at an Inconvenient distance, eyes need help.
Our glasses restore the vision of youth.
Miss Latitia Hodgins arrived from New York on Saturday evening.
Mrs. (Hon.) Jos. Martin, of Victoria, B C., visited her sisters, Mrs. Lyon and Mrs J. H. Shaw last week. She left on Monday.
Mrs. Ermine Brownlee and child, of Ottawa, arc visiting Mrs. E. Brownlee, Clarendon.
Mr. and Mrs. It. Woodley and children left on Thursday morning on a visit to relatives at Depot Harbor, Out.
Mi ses Eftie Huntington and Mabel Carlson, of Westmeath, are at present the guests of Miss Francis Brownlee, of Clarendon.
Mr. J. Wilson, and family, of Ottawa, aie uc upying Dr. Lyon’s cottage at Norway Bay,
The families of the Kev. Mr. Waddell and Arthur Smiley left on Thursday to take up summer quarters at Norway Bay. which just now lias a pretty Urge quota of holiday residents.
Lachute
Montreal
10 A.M. To 3 * M
10 A M TO 1 P.M
F. A. PARKER, Manager
THE DRUGSTORE
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
all
Mr. Crawford wag 52 years of age and was twice married. By the first wife he had two daughters and one son; by the second, two daughters and three sons; all survive him. His eldest son and daughter, who reside in North Gower, came to attend the funeral which took place on Wednesday morning, the Kev. Mr. Waddell officiating.
Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, will he at Shawville on third Tuesday iu each month, and Campbell’s Bay the following day to 3 p. m. Parties will oblige very much by calling in the forenoon.
Advertisepsand correspondents are reminded that we cannot assure the Insertion of matter uni hand by Monday noon of each week.
The highest honors have been awarded to the Melotte Cream Separator at several of the leading exhibitions.
Strayed on the premises of James Morrison, Clarendon, a red and white heifer. The owner is requested to call and remove animal at once.
Haying is pretty well under way throughout the county, but the weather has been rather unfavorable for harvesting the crop, which is reported to bo fairly good.
Ottawa Valley Lumbermen have decided not to engage men for the shanties for next winter’s work who have not been vaccinated or who are not immune to smallpox.	t
Horse Astray.—Strayed from t he promises of Rev. V. Ferreri,’Vinton, about the 14th of July, a pretty large hay horse (about 12D0 lbs.) (i years old. good driver. Information of his whereabouts will he thankfully received either by the owner or at this office.
It le In
A Big Saving
The census of the village taken by our local valuators last week shows an increase of eleven per cent over the figures of the government enumerator taken last year.
Auctioneer J. J. Turner will sell out the mi inery stock of Miss Findlay at Fort Coulonge on Tuesday next—-29th.
The attention of cyclists is called to the act regulating travel on public highways. The revised statutes of 1897, page 2,922, chapter 3C6, clauses 4 and 11, state that in-case a traveller wheeling on the highway overtakes a vehicle, or person on foot, going at less speed, he shall give warning of his approach, and in case he does not he is liable to a tine of not less than one dollar and not mere than twenty dollars with costs.
Horn.—To Mr. and Mrs. JamesTrelford, Clarendon, on Saturday July 12th, a daughter.
To Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Wallace, Clarendon, on Saturday July 12th, a daughter.
To Mr. and Mrs. George Dale, Shawville, July 13th, a son.
To Mr. and Mrs. John Belsher, Clarendon, on July 16th, a son.
At Clarendon, on Tuesday July 15th to Mr. and Mrs. K. H. Mee, a son.
At Radford, on July 22nd, thcr wife of Thomas Smiley, of a son.
can be made by buying
here during next Thirty Days.
the brightest ideas of the century that
then was, and people went into raptures over what they called the beautiful, legi-
ble, even handwriting. The old copy hooks were discarded and the children were taught from vertical blackboard ... copies, made by the teachers. Then the \\	^ Lblls.*- 1 no homo of Mr. fact became apparent that the vertical
and Mr*. George Stanley, of C bar tens system was doing things to the boys and was the eoene of a very pleasant event .on gjvls. ft was killing all individuality Wednesday, Jr. y 10l*i, r "vmg tie mar- jn ql6 writing of pupils; it was developing ri.ige of thoir eldest «.aug.ifvr, Mary itnong them the cramped band habit; it Theresa, to Mr. I he. mid Ri.po, of v;af^ in fact, spoiling the children in the
S .M:v Lirw s Lhr.rv.i,	(,f ruallv stood l enmanshii). The

r
Come in and see what we can- do for you.
1
The committees In Charge of the various events for the celebration to be held here on Coronation Day, August,e9th, made their reports on Monday evening, and Cv very thing points to a good day's rnuusc- 1

!
forth t laver
at 3 p
by the Rev, A. Ireland, of Bhawtu^^^™ ™™ ]un., p;
Too brida was very piettny ^tired .n |Upon hy members of the hoard of educa-a gown oi pale Muo, tnmiued withiw jiite i Rut the public school inspector shtin and point iace an l aguoh* <-i whire waa fond uf (ho vertical system. He satin, with hat to -fiiutch, andcarried a could uot see that was loaded dow n with bouquet of choice flowers, i he onde serious faults nor does he yet. was assisted by Ida Dugg, of Shawville, The Hamilton board has
The C P.R has commenced the erec- who was dressed in a dark shade of blue, wakened up to the realization_
is being dune at track repairing, which is I tion of a water tank, to hold 60.000	trimmed with white silk and lace, and which has long	been	apparent to many
quite necessary before any of the C.P.R. gallons, at Gould’s creek near Cohden.	hat to match. Mr. Willie F. Richard- observers who rather than be classfied	as
giant engines venture a trip over the | The Sun says a rumor, the accuracy of	son, brother of the bride, performed the I ^rumblers have	kept	their opinions	to
road Nothing has yet developed with which cannot be guaranteed, to the effect	duties of the groomsman. After the | them elves,
regard to the extension or construction that tho new spur, which will connect	ceremony about fifty buggies followed
of the connecting link which is to make the main lino of the C.P.R. and the P.P.	the bridal party to her home* where a
the Pontiac route apart of the great J.f will leave the transcontinental line in	sumptuous repast awaited them, after
transcontinental line. And the summer the vicinity of Gould’s creek and it is which the young people spent thereat, T, .	.	/uf.».	•
*=»:: *________________________
arator the all Important question to be The rumor was brought “ town by a	------------ Mr. W. H. Meldrum. of Peterboro has
Wart SB
& Smith’s.	company a a minimum o expense.	commenced haying and the crop promises | and some three acres of land will be re-
35x!ErSÂ£E SSaîsrÜBH ê£r ”"Sd
K .u/f ,n A 1tntlinn mmiianv known «Ending together in the yard leaning over I Mr. Alf. Howard, agent for Mr. O.l Dawson, July 20.—The police have ,, ltl> a- p flnoptjnffV'f, " u-hinh	the garden fence. Mr. Crawford began to	Desjirdin, merchant, returned from	Ot-	established the	fact that the	body of	the
weundemUnd wjom.mzed b, mS’	remark something, evidently about the	,awa Friday.	man	found	iu	the river a few	days ago.
w f ’ n iliek r-alirn	! garden, but he had only uttered two or j Mr. Fleetwood Wilson, of Ottawa, ih ! who evidently was murdered, is that of
•Vi™* ’rim xi.nva» nAmofI <r«n. three words, when his wife notticed his visiting his cousin Mr. W. M. Sutlicr-1 Leon ’Doutlette, whose father resides ra la y 1	• ai arms rise off the fence, and immediately land. He is accompanied by Mr. Geo. at Beauce, Que. They found a bunch of
w I he hack on fchegrund apparently in a I Rice, of Carleton Chambers, Ottawa. keys in his clothing. Ho had $1,100 in i y»	.	... fainting condition. Mrs Crawford hast- Mr. Louis Potriis went to Shawville j when he left White Horse, returning to
. .îUtoli.1 .rfdenîe 'of ‘tb. «.«cmi of M"	1T.-Hr. Frmk Cl.rfa,.. o, [lb, perpeMlor
,h.i,	..... u» c.tiiie.u mu. g»n	,T$JM
Loss and Damage by Storm.—The of human aid. When Dr. Klock arrived Luest 0f Capt M. Cowley, thunderstorm of Tuesday last wrought a few momenta later, by which time also Miss Jessie McFarlane, of Arnprior, I he will no longer molest Canadians considerable damage throughout the	a number of neighbors had gathered, he |	^ fcj,e guest of her cousin,	Miss	L.	Me-1	at	hie border
country, overturning fences and build-	resorted to the usual methods used in I	Farlane, of Norway Bay
inga, and destroying considerable pro- cases of suspended animation, hut, of Mr. H. D. Rose, of Renfrew, is spend-1 Washington, July 19.—Upon the re perty by ligh'nmg. In Starke's CoiS course, all Ywulted as expected, in failure. fog hi8 holidays with Mr. N. Armstrong commedation of Commissioner General nera neighborhood the house of Mr. Except Mrs. Crawford and tho youngest Mis» m. Ramsay, of Bank Street, Sargent, of tho immigration service, the Stewart Fulford was partially wrecked	boy, the other members of the family	Ottawa, is the guest other	friend Miss	secretary of the treasury, has dismissed
by lightning, the electric fluid playing	had gone	out for a walk after dinner, and	jj Cowley.	J. R. DeBarry, an immigrant inspector
sad havoc with one of tho rooms, knock- it was some time before they could all be Mr. Gordon Mayhew, of Sand Point, stationed at Buffalo, N Y There were ing off mortar and tearing bed clothing located and acquainted with tho unex-1 8p^ Sunday the guest of his father. several charges against DeBarry, the into shreds; it then escaped through the peeled and stressing intelligence.	Mr. N. Armstrong and bride, of Ren- principal otic of which, was ungentle-
wall of tho building and	entered the	The deceased was a man of quiet char-	fraw> aro visiting	their	many friends	in	| manly conduct toward ladies travelling
ground, leaving a hole large	enough for a	actor and industrious habits, and held in	pri8tol.	! between Canada and	tho	United States,
man to ciawl through.	-	general respect by those, who knew him. Mr. Eddie Lang, of Shawville, paid a This is the officer whose excessive zeal
In Onslow, Mr. George Walsh is re-	He came	to Shawville with his family |	filing visit to Bristol Monday.	in enforcing the alien labor act has
ported to have lost two fine barns, sta-	about ten	years »go, and has since been M? T! McJanet and family,	of Ottawa,	^ brought the department into a great
hies and outbuildings, including a quan-	occupied in different pursuits, the greater	are eXpeCted tomoirow.	deal of trouble over	the	deportations of
tity of hay.	l*rt of the time with Mr. W.B. Crawford What was the	matter	with	Sixteen	to	Canadians
In Eardley, Mr. Henry Hurdman, fat	at the station.	For the past two or three	Qne that he had’nt a girl on Sunday ?	• If
her of Dr. Hurdman, Bryson, lost two	years it was	notic able that he was|	,ou want (*> know ask	Ml
barns, two sheds and a large quantity gradually breaking down in health, al-
of hav.	though strange to eay, of late, his condi-	,
the Queen's park.	surprise a* well as a ahock to the com-1	mg (or some years past in	nee M	M# 11 wlU pet be responsible	lor	It.
Olb very heavy shock wss felt in this	mumty, while	it naturally plunged the	public schools. Commenting	on the sub-	JAMES	TONER,
villsge, the effect of which was to partly | wife and family into the deepest afflic ject the Hamilton Spectator says :	AM , , M . lnno	Clarendon,
disable the telephone service.	tion, m whivh they have they sympathy of ' the time it wae thought to be one of	July, 21st, lm.
John Wanannker lias made a success <||H of business and he ought t<> know the incut
secret of it. He says: “ I owe my sue- In order to suit all the programme will
» .h«:;i sto&,S£.«ifS,&s,&2r
freely give a ceil am i lotit "t m> je.uly	Trotting and Banning Races, lug
business.	of War, etv.
A detailed programme will !
Business seems to be getting livliei* j jn <iue time
cveiy day on the P.P.J. since the big fellows took hold, and considerable work
i
1
il
I
s ?
ving people } as been-commented
kn
i


i
J. H. SHAW.
issued
apparently of a truth
p.
S.--Ladies Fine Shoes 50c. up.
Here's a Chance
Why
Suffer
quired
From Trying Summer Troubles
When you can so easily cure yourself with our RELIABLE REMEDIES ?

A Yukon Murder
i
The police
N Y AL’S
Strawberry
Compound
nu
DeBarry Was Fired

and
Blackberry
Cordial





Colic, Cramps, Dysentry, Diarrhoea,
Summer Complaints, &c.
ONLY 25c. a Bottle, and a few doses effect a Cure.
-
:
I
yra
NOTICE.
THE DRUG STORE.





¦






I
###PAGE###2###
S


of*nâture, und’’rep^Zc/^f %%	*~».~*«^^*~***«***'
paintings, no matter how valuable. t p/>n p l f\ if T'T\C* .!
In front of one. however, ho does I I M V ft P A K /» | h K \ Î stnml entranced—it le a Murillo—" He- T * V 1\ 1 > ^AViTlL/lVv/ 1
becca at the Well." The colour* of * garments and features, the well with j & its bucket, the maidens In the fort- I # ground with their loveliness of form, feature, and manner, and the turban-oil Oriental attendants farther back, unending to the camel*, make a bright scene that holds the eye of the most ordinary observer.
As Jack turns to make some remark to his companion, he comes face to horse Hi
face with the man whose glance he !1 hcre nro hinny instances where caught at the bull-flght—tho Turk. I tJu*so ere kept in the very pink of This time he gives as good as he re- condition, hut on the average, ns reives. The pasha stops and speaks W(l wy, we believo they are uiider-...	,	to Mercedes. Jack's eyes are upon fe(*« *«>'» the I Inmost end. Wo do
ills manner, more than the words he can convey the language of the soul, her. and ho notes a singular fact In hot metui by this that animals get. miers. give them warning, and if 'his thon ,8 her silence eloquent indeed, his rambles through tho South-West- | an insufficient supply of food to apis not sufficient, the storm of hlsjes Presently she takes her little lace ker- ern States he has more than once seen ! Peaso their hunger, but we do mean fivm the audience declares that such thicf and removes a speck of blood from a rattlesnake charming a bird, and that the supply of nutrient» in many interference with the Just rights cf lhe face of the American, who had noted the manner In which the poor vases is not sufficient to take the the huil-flghter will not be tolcvatjJ. 6one to what seemed like death be- feathered songster fluttered near the place of the wear and tear caused l ector Jack has tamed the beast, vause of a woman's whim—herself. No reptile, advancing and retreating, yet i by hard work. This rnd his must be the glory of the flnaj one notices the act, for a new bull has lacking the power to break the spell, j true when corn alone is fed swrlflce. They once more climb me been entered, and the chulos and pica- and bound to fall'a victim unless help we know of many instances where fence, and watch the work of the man durs ari goading him—no one—ah 1 came.	good farmers feed coni alono during
In the arena jealously.	Intuitively Jacks eyes shoot Pidewaya Somehow he la Impressed with the the entire year, yet in tho majority
Never since the days of Montes or 10 lhu a^ats of honour given the mem- Idea now that much a scene Is being i of these caws farm animals arc gcii-Ï lorn tiro has a Spanish audience looked hers ol the Turkish embassy, and enacted before him. Mercedes laughs daily in o. somewhat thin comli-lipon a scent the equal of thiu. Jack when he catches the black scowl of ‘Shtly, but there la romething in her lion. Corn is a fat. producing food, is determined to do the thing up in Abdallah Pasha, he knows that this manner that betrays concern, anxiety but when animals are working they good stylo now that he has entered ^ay's work has gained for him the ” fear 1 his man.	need a large supply of lean meut
the game.	He cares little	for	the ap-	*»^trod of an	unscupulou*	prince, who	1,1 tbe ordinary case it has always , producing food
plause of	the	rabble.	It	was	not	to	* 111 descend	to any depth	in order to	llVvn Jiu 1; 8 blan to shoot off the head , Some time ago a city physician
please them he sprang over the stout wln the game.	,,f t,iC **rpent, and save the bird. Per- ; informed un of the fact that he was
barrier and faced this tenor of a black	wraps up the hilt of the sword In lA1 *s p't> ‘"ay have an opportunily to | unable to keep bis horses in good
but he hopes Meredes is satis- a newspaper which he takes from his hv‘1:< 1 " ri“ <lf t!:e 8tt,ne 80Vt here flesh, and asked our advice as to tho He seems to once mure	pocket, intending to place it among his	lt'1	<	M ' nicanwIdle he will keep hie | method of feeding them. Upon in-
hfar the Spanish beauty ^ay with that	trophies, as a souvenir to remind him	"Jr?	11	uul lu,n anci watch. I quit y we found that corn alone was
cx! itssive elance, "I adore a brave cf this affair.	t , , t,1 v ' fjiyH St>niclhlnff 1,1 a low being fed. At our suggestion he
and a warm glow thrills him	Shouts arise, for the scene In the	.vn'.	11	1 ‘ w no, turning quick- changed the food to the following
as glancing up he sees Mercedes	arena is the old familiar one of charg-I	l;iesc tx' ° |lu n‘ l>orn ml ioni. A mixture composotl of 75
watching his movements with an	bull and fleeing chulos, but the !	hïnrt Cm.V!' y‘ , ,lclthor Pounds of <m(.s. 50 pounds of com SAWDUST ON THE FAHM
eagerness she makes no attempt to , animal is only an ordinary specimen,	V-n. ii i,'	, vaS 1a* ln rx" Hn(i -•*» pounds of bran, to l»e fed lo
disguise.	'and soon «carles after hurllne	l^'t the	'"T U,c um<n,nt "f 1'• t<> 18 pounds
mgémsàmm wamsim as
si* iss mmm
«here he stands for a few seconds become frequent.	beautiful, but there is something bet-	,	1111 l ,__« >'ido and shoot tho eflkiency of
waving the muleta, to the intense my- Jack himself is tired ami disgusted ter about her features- they arc full ;	,,*!	i",1'!'	, SU	__ .	„ ^ _ three or four such foot soldiers us
srÆir.: razszzi:	sazsrrwr&K srjns. srsrCH Piles .njr, 'i.tr.'sa sss
-IEC:ZZT: H-B™ sns	I*>5'-:1EHEiSS;=E
sr r. r,nnss a	ts sttaxs ;-D|--'Chas«’s ointment -c*_^
how far show goes with these people mind takes the shape of a speculation lllack ttS midnight, real figure, and the	ls is uiV(,n .	inc-nt	nurf	. “ v, -—- Kitchcnei 8 military triumph are not
of Impulse, so he rolls up the right a ' to whether he will ever look upon Jealousies characteristic of the Latin	,%s. tn the cmnut it v t •>	.>.«	SlIh$,P ON	EVKItY FARM.	y®^ appreciated. He had to face a
i BH™™ s	F ’ SfEEfEBH
What u choice for a man.	1 “\a ,N u?,se Un^l,n,P 1,000 01	1 •* ,	,	1,1,1 an*'	lm,n M. 11 sources to their superior advantages.
Such a thought flashes through the T po,in?"’	^	^ IK>Unds ol Z	‘ Hiey arc also m- „e earned and pitted the whole
mind of Doctor Jack as he looks at	fr (,uy’ willle t1ho Cmi,?n <cv-jM»umcntal m enriching the soil. fuce of their country with British
the girl before him, but time is pre- ^ r;	‘<,(V,XPS. lu ,,t>ulltl8 lJer !	“x VtUl )v	x! 1 ltl,e Inl,or forces and persevered in spite of oo
! clous, and the golden opportunity may ' t'V‘	1 llil!1* 1 fll’sv llorsvs a,v .,>iix 1lt" 1 iivmsclves with tho nil- casionul reverses until finally the
not hold out.	I "hpn on *®vere duty receive from nuul wool crop. About, the only Boers surrendered an army r.early «s
He has by this time manager to l* ,to 1T11 .,,oUnds of oats ‘««.v ! tmic that they need especial	care is	Jarg0 in	point of	numbers	and	far
push his way through the crowd, and I \ !°f* ,	!>m> . M1><)î'1s a. t/IS0 , ' 111	1 10 aI,“ !m^. J*cnso,J-	Jf >ou	larger	in point	of actual	military
A crowd is 18 now close beside the divinity from ! draft horses at work receiving -- ar® ,lnl V' ovided with a sheep horn, usefulness than the army which sur-
^5%:#	........
E"™EFF	B3^m*HHH
s :=ü =,	-	i	zr is s£srz -Arz-srzsss "F'hF "F,?r !'= 4F F -
Doctor Jack advances toward his ad- lvnr ago ljred	of thpe(. mu	TJt , which she carries herself, stamp her !posod of threc V*rt* oats, two parts ‘s both meat and milk for tho
I The scarlet flag Is waving	The girl	who wins him must b-	w ooed	ae a Ncw Yorker. It Is generally	corn »n<1	0,10 Part bran. Horses	"uman family, without which ex
In the eyes of the bull, and tantalizing	&nd nut	do the wooing	herself	true that there is an individuality	fed in this manner and given a good,	mtencc is almost impossible. Note A stone-flagged floor, one or two tables
him to his death. He Is no coward,	. about the New York girl that can be	I clean hay w ill do n heavy day's	the capacity of each cow and feed and rush-seated stools, a marble fountain
and the stratagem succeeds perfectly,	detected even by caseless observers,	work cvc,*y day and remain in good	accordingly, as some will lie found and basin at one side, and across the
lust as Jack has planned.	CHAPTER V.	and Jack could never be called that, flesh.	able to pay for better feeding than whole end of the room a cavernous arch
As the American slips sway a dozen At last they gain the street crowd He excuses himself to Mercedes for	- others. In order to know this i gathering up the smoke of a half-dozen
feet, and waving the flag, plants him- already swollen by those leavimr the “ few minutes to speak to an ac-I	VAltlETY IN FOOD.	|w',igh each cow’s product; then, tiay charcoal fires-thero arc what one
¦¦¦¦B*
W&mmmm mm:### iss
F-F *sFiS1 = EffrE'HKE'S	F
Vasquezs sword presses upon the which remark brings him a quick ,he bull-fight. He was lrwttag for C	' d,ul, , voa la ,llat the orchards are now used as. locations toothsome pilafs and well-seasoned dob
black satin skin, vanishes from view, glance and a smile from Merrori** thiB fa ce.	lK>st ies1,llR arc found from those for poultry.	mas, with results which no epicuie ven-
waMsTï fjw-aïs	ZZL
stops, trembles. sUggers-a mighty The ride Is continued along the beau-	DRAINS OF GOLD.	l"° kl , °f .'Vm «1 n?ur No 0,10 who has not made obscr- the Derby and all forms of public
Em! is* mm, mm Eimmmwm
quivering body, and the deadly point tiers the drived to wait for them. poor, than bo rich with an empty has undoutedly pierced his heart.	Here they spend quite a time with heart.—Lewis Morris.
When danger menaced him, Doctor pleasure, for the museum contains a It is ever true* that he who does Jack nas cook	wonderful collection of rare paintings, nothing for others does nothing for
As usual, quite a crowd in in at- hbntclf —Goethe, tendance strangers in Madrid al- t.od doesn’t cure for what is on ways make for the museum the first the outside ; he cares for what is in-|Hgrt almost all of the old side.—Rev. M. Babcock, masters are represented, from Kubens Fruitless Is sorrow for having
r Vi	' 1 ,‘i'< h *- and artla- done amiss, if it Issue not in a rc-
tlr mind finds enough for a long con- solution to do so no more.—Bishop
Horne.
The i.ext time you arc discouraged, just try encouraging some one else, and see if it will not cheer you.—J.
R Miller.



f
*
J-


DOCTOR JACK. 1
2#

5cfl50(ieble and Pro fl tabla Mints for the Busy Tillers of the Soil.




w/4X^
r
\
f
\
r*
By ST. GEORGE RATH30RNE,
Author of "Doctor Jack's Wife," "Captain Tom," "Baron Sam," "Miss
Pauline of New York," " Miss Caprice," Etc.
«
X
4#
X
I
FARM HOMES
v

X
z

Wo lu'livxc that tho average farm is underfed, not but what
v
9

V
$

!
i8$i8lï@l$$IISB8îl
V.
I



!
%
* <-
lh

i.s especially While
I
-

3
Voting Stork—Mama, don't forget and change feet during tho night
toi
fieil nun
and carefully smithes
In an
succulence imcl become nil woody libre, or, 11» we used to say, has “cured oil the stump.”
ly at Work,
every square foot of land orchard a /lock of active hens, will do excellent service, and they will need but little, if any, assistance they secure more food than may he supposed.
man
ns
Probably
a	. the most profitable use
i that rail he made of sawdust on (lie farm is to use it as an absorbent of liquid manures, when straw and
To his surprise, to ours, the horses
KITCHENERS GREAT WORK
'
again,' !
aside, as has been his wont, he places i of the audience, who. In derision, loud one foot upon the broad space between to* call for the American, to which ap the short horns
The animal has evl
tiently expected to miss his usual, and must necessarily be tre- I mendoualy surprised at this ment
enemy, as
move
suceve of his shirt for business, showing the wonderful arm that has already this day elicited words of admiration from Don Carlos.
All readily guess his motive in doing this
the face of the pasha again, little suspecting the strange train of events that lie in the near future, and which must bring them In contact.
They push through the crowd. He desires to warn them that Everyone recognizes the American tho time has come for that seran ann us he parses. A few scowl at him the time has come for serious work, darkly. Pedno Vasque* has friends, and begs them to keep silent in order antl they instinctively hate the man that liis attention be not distracted at whu accomplished that in which the the trying moment. The shouts
matador failed
reuse.
Again an emlnens silence spreads about the amphitheater.
Tiie exit Is reached
1 curing out
American journals which talk about the South African war us a small nlTuir ignore the figures. The Confederates who surrendered to urant had not boots, not to s|>cuk of horses. The almost equal number of Boers who surrendered to Kitchener were all armed with the best rifles and all mounted on good horses.
The toro stands near the centre, pawing at the ground with one of his hoofs, as though to prove that the rpli It has not yet been entirely broken in him
thrust into hie hand
KEEP GOOD COWS
All Is now ready
than The bov-
A TURKISH KITCHEN
ve rsa r y
Had Bleeding, Itching Piles

In the midst of the wild plaudits that greet valiant work, he does not for an instant lose his remarkable presence of mind
And Now
Bending down, he secures | thing the broken sword, places one foot up on the still struggling but dying ani n al, makes a proud bow In the direc
tlon of the governor-general, after | tlnued feast to cover several days he lays his	the
rlers, leaping the outer one In a man- | Ing from the bull-fight, many of them
travellers
Claims That the Best Thing In the
Dr. Chase's Ointment.
World for Piles la
SSBFsSSSSSeesscs®*--
could procure had failed. I can recommend this ointment to will certainly cure."
other*"” g” reSt °r 8 e*P' 1 f°Und a poellive cure *n Dr Chase's Oint^nt
SH-3
PaodIa are still crowding In, com-
curee
A small admission fee Is In another minute he has regained j charged, something one seldom finds his place and resumed his outer gar- j *n the art galleries of Europe, though
Save the fact that he Is i the attendants must always be tlp-
ner that pleases the people
Co
Lindpay, Ont., I sa.v this been us* it after all other remedies I anyone suffering from piles, knowing that it
Sin is never at a stay
if wc do
not retreat from it. we shall advance in it, and the farther on we go the more wc have to come back.—Bar-
a n d this
n.t
breathing hard, no one would see anything about him to tell of the enoount- Jack i? interested more In the love-er which he has just figured In as the I ly woman at his side than the pictures lead 1rs character	ln the *allefy. nevertheless he man*
Don Carlos bends over and squeezes ,iKrH tn ^au*1 with several mas-
falx hand, interim warm praise., but ‘,rplcc7' an4 ,«*»**¦« *	taste
Doe 1er Jack hard y knows whether for modern pain lng-bits of ewul.l e
they com. from his heart or not.	«Melally when them Is
E"£r—™
Mwcede, ea*. nothing, but It looks ^	hundred
pcd
row
Kind looks, kind words, kind acts and warm hand shakes—these secondary means of grace when men are in trouble, and arc lighting their unseen battles.—Ur. John Hall.
•----4— —
Fnjlnnd alone makes up 42 per cent, of the entire pica of the British Isles.

are
suffered «head full/, and ami gladly recommend H ta
You see. Jack's



###PAGE###3###
ciX
** N one knew thee but to love thee, None named thee but to praise." Longfellow wue not thinking of
REGENCIES IN HISTORY
Breathing Disease.
Infectious diseases are breathed Into the system from those affected with disease, or from bad smells; yet how many women breathe daily the offensive steam from common soaps made from rancid fats, and keep their hands for hours In such solutions, and the clothing from such soap suds Is worn next the tender skin wonder disease and eczema are prevalent
—Octagon Bar—know the difference between that and the pure, healthful smell from the vegetable oils and pure edible fats in Sunlight Soap
A LIFE IN PERIL.
LIBRARIES FOR SCHOOLS
ILLNESS OF THE KINO S’JU CESTS SOME MATERIAL.

i
ij
/EPUTY MINISTER AWAKE TO A GREAT NEED.
STORY OF A GIRL SAVED BY A NEWSPAPER ARTICLE.


Only Two Notable Ones — Those of Duke of Bedford and Son of the Mad King.
Tho report that the Prince of Wales will be
event of a long convalescence <>f King Edward surprises no one. No
monarch <»f England
lain dangerously ill without suggestion of a temporary transfer of powei
dying at Osborne House a regency with the present King as regent was
quite freely discussed sent instance
while possible, is not to-day siderod probabllit les.
To the average student of English history, but two regencies stand out prominently in the record»—that of tho I Mi ko of Bedford, which shook the foundations of tho House of Lancaster during the long minority of Henry VI Prince of Wales, during the madness of his father; and yet provisions for a regency have been made no less than fifteen times since the iron heel of Norman conquest stamped upon England the seal of a genuine national life by and
barons, become regent when Henry Hi. ascended the throne; the eighth Henry appointed his executors regents until the heir to hi» crown should attain legal age, and the executors, upon the accession of Edward Vi., delegated their rights and privileges and authority to the man who, by such delegation, became Lord Protector of tho Realm and a virtual king; in 1751 the widow of Frederick, Prince of Wales, was named as regent should tho crown pass from her father-in-law, George 11., to her then minor son, afterward George 111. Parliament was asked upon three separate occasions to grant authority for the establishment of a regency.
POWER TO APPOINT.
Visited Various States, and Saw HoW Children Are Supplied With Books.
r>
She Suffered From Headaches Dizziness and Night Sweats— Her Friends Feared She Was Going Into Consumption.
No
John Millar, Deputy Minister of Education of Ontario, ha» been studying tho quo»* tiop. ot libraries. Quito recently ho visited several Western States to Investigate tho management of travelling and school libraries. In Ontario siiiiio travelling libraries were instituted last year, but Mr. rejoice# over tho fact that wo not duplicated tho work of travelling and public libraries. On tho other side, however, far greater enterprise Is shown by the municipalities than iri Ontario, in Ontario, says Mr. Millar, people are unfortunately too much inclined to look to the Government for aid and direction. Too often in this j rovince	the local
boards expect tho provincial grant to moot nearly all the requirements for tho purchase of hooks amount raised by tho local bodlee is often a more trifle.
SHOULD 13Fj FREE.
Said Mr. Millar “I think no aid should bo given by the Government towards a public library unless it is made free to all ratepayers of municipality. Libraries sustained by fees might answer during tho pioneer days of the country, but with the principle of free education so well established, tho foe system should be abandoned. There is a1 together too much expended for fiction by most of our public library boards questionable whether public funds should bo expended for ephemeral novels. There is much force in Mr. Carnegie's statement that a novel should not be purchased until three years after	it has been issued.	A
proportion of standard fiction	is
doubtless desirable It would popularize public, libraries if boards wero to cater largely to the needs of tho pupils of the schools. The children rather than adults should have priority. School libraries have boon languishing in i mtarlo for thirty or forty years.
“While it is desirable to have library buildings with thousands of volumes of good literature suitable for adult#, it would bo more advisable to have books for children purchased, and with proper machinery to send them to the various homes. In other words, the plan should be adopted as fur as possible of sending books around to do good, it is generally admitted that if children form a taste for good literature they are reasonably safe oven should they never go to college or high school. In Ontario the high schools arc doubtless fairly well provided now with libraries and books for supplementary reading. As regards tho pifblfc schools, however, and especially those in rural districts, there is a lamentable lack of suitable reading mutter, -t is scarcely too strong a statement to make that in some country districts children are intellectually starved on account of tho absence of road ini* matter.’'
For some time Mr
/
made regent in the
»
Users of Sunlight Soap
«
has ever yet some
X

From L'Avenir, St. Jerome, Que. Among the thousands of young
" ggggeeg Link
them
f
20S
Wliun Queen Victoria was
TEA when he wrote these lines, but they describe this delicious beverage accurately.	_______
girls who bless Ur. Williams Lills for safely carrying through that most perilous period of their lives when they step from girlhood into the broader realm of womanhood, there thusiastic than
Millar
have
SHED BLOOD LIKE WATER
Jn tho pre-howovor, a regency,
Extra Fine Stock <£3.50
300 or 360 slzo,
ihc DAWSON COMMISSION CO , Limited. TORONTO
LEMONS
is lionu more cn-Miss Uabricllo a young lady known to mub/t of the resident* of St. Jerome, Que-, and greatly cbteemed by all her acquaintances. To a res or ter of L'Axenir du Nurd, Miss Thomas enid ; "From the time l was fourteen until 1 was eigtUen years of age my
heulth waa very btaiWÊtÊ^ÊÊÊÊ had no appetite and could work. At night 1 perspired
and frequently slope
from headaches, and courd scarcely move
Cot
as among th<> immediate
LEWANIKA IS NOW NO LONG
ER A SAVAGE.
PER BOX.
Pnomas
; Orgies of the African Chief Disappear—Result of Christianity.
Horrible

Some time ago an African potentate, named Ivcwanika, paid a visit
with whom he
Interchief-
The finest matches In the world, made from •oft oorky pine, end especially suitable for domestic use -put up In neat sliding boxee,assorted color# each be* containing about MO matches— three boxes In e pack T
and that of George
1 was very
Tho
E.B. Eddy’s
Headlight Parlour Matches
Krery
tody ask
to King Edward smoked a few choice cigars, esting details regarding tliefll | tain arc contained in a letter from
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ggeof the
l||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||*f cI 1 no
explorer and traveler, who tolls of the remarkable changes which have recently taken place in Uarotsoland, whence the said potentate comes. Ho
Non-
Sulphurous.
Odorless.
Every Stick— A Match
Every Match— A Lighter
weak
do
for
no
but
greatly
little. 1 suffered dlirln—
about without becoming breathless, and 1 finally reached a stage when my friends feared 1 was going into consumption. 1 was under the care of doctors, but their treatment did not help me. I then tried several advertised medicines, but with same poor results and 1 had to think I could not get better, day I read in a newspaper statement of a young symptoms were almost identical with my own, who was cured by the use of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills. I then decided to try this medicine and have reason to bless the day I
1 had only used the pills a few weeks when 1 began to get better,
symptom of my trouble had disappeared and 1 was us strong and healthy as any girl of my age. I have since always enjoyed the of health, and 1 shall bo glad indeed if my experience proves helpful to some other suffering girl."
The happiness of health for
and women lies in the timely Williams* Pink Pills, which act as a nerve tonic and supply new blood to enfeebled systems. They have cured many thousands of
decline.?* con-

il
Alfred Bertrand
Captain Swiss Federal army, a
. The Earl of Pembroke, with tho consent of the
the
ï

!
*‘There can be no doubt that Lcw-anika is the most picturesque per-
invited to King Edward's
For Bate by All First Class
the
t
Dealers.
come
One
somige
coronation, and his presence has attracted tho attention of tho English people to that little-known portion of their undeveloped estates.
"The pioneers of the Upper Zany beat have been the French Protestant missionaries—namely, the Rev. F. Coillard, the brothers Jalla and their colleagues, including several o*
countrymen from Switzer-
ft 4-H-+
the
girl whoso
It is
Gooseberry wine is very nearly a» strong ua champagne. It has 11.8 per cent, of alcohol to 12.2 per cent in champagne.
conferring peerages, offices and i>en-Mnns. Being thus deprived of plenary powers tho regent complained freely to his friends, and was even represented by a satirist of the day
ws writing a rhyming epistle to his "dear brother Fred," in which he observed that.
With straight waistcoats on Bad and restrictions on me A more limited monarchy scarcely could ho.
ONE REGENCY ACT.
The reign of George IV. included the passage of but one regency act, which merely stated, in accordance with a well-known constitutional principle, that the regent, like the sovereign whom he represents, cun-no t be a member of the Catholic faith. After the accession of Horn JV. nil act was passed to enable the Duchess of Kent to exercise the functions of regent in the event of her daughter, tho Princess Victoria, being called to the throne during her minority, and in the reign of Victoria two more, and the last regency statutes were proposed by the ministry of the day and accepted by Parliament. In tlie first year of the late Queen’s reign a regency council without a regent was
to net if the heir to the throne were absent from the kingdom the time of the Queen's death; by the second act Prince Albert was accorded the full powers of sovereignty during the possible minority of his wife’s successor.
did
When washing greasy dishes or pots and pans, Lever’s Dry Soap fa powder) will remove tho grease with tho greatest ease
so
in a couple of months every
my own land.
Barotseland in 1895 was almost
and unexplored.
The Sandwich Islands are almost ns free from snakes as Ireload. There
and that i ery
entirely unknown Three travelers only had passed through it, and from their accounts expected to take our lives in our Their experiences at
best
is but one sort
By tho first of these acts tho King was invested with power to appoint a regent, if it appeared to him that the succession was likely to devolve upon a minor or an incapable;
in 1778, a second regency
scarce
wo
tho
hands
hands of the Barotsi led them to paint their treachery, rapacity, crucltv and degradation in the darkest colors. All the greater was astonishment when I «aw with
transformation
Messrs. C. C. Richards & Co.
Dear Sirs,—While in tho country last summer 1 was badly bitten by mosquitoes—so badly that 1 thought 1 would be disfigured for a couple of weeks
Liniment to allay and did so. Thu effect was more than 1 expected—a few ap; licaUons completely curing tlic irritation, preventing tho bites from becoming MINARD’S LINIMENT is also
ÛlOSr-
both
men use of Dr
aga 11
bill was introduced, owing to the insanity of the King, and although it was dropped when George recovered, tho debate upon Its provisions furnished a notable and satisfying denial to the report that the Prince . of Wales desired to assume regi ncy "To my astonishment, on icat p0Wcrs without the consent of Paring tho Zambesi, I found at each or ]jamcnt \ disclaimer of any such
___	churches, schoo s, |njontion on the part of his brother
houses, and stores, erected in situa- ^ madc in tho House, of Lords by tions where everything had to be Frederick, j)uke of York. In 1810 made from the raw material.	a recurrence of the King’s insanity
"I found perfect silence and t is- |liis^cned t|ie passage of the
cipline, reigning in the schools and rcgCllCy bill, which clearly defined at the services. At church 1 was ^1(J limits of the regent’s authority, struck with the serious mid inteili- was empowered to rule without gent demeanor of a middle-aged	council of regency; he could make
man, who, 1 learned to my surpusc, war ,in(| conclude peace, negotiate other than Lcwnnika, nnd treaties, dissolve Parliament;
had expected to lin( a ^ wa8 restricted in the matter of
Further ac-iliat
my
1 was advised to try your
the irritation.
the
my own eyes both In the moral and material do-which had been effected by the
W il
cases of anaemia smnption, pains in
algia, depression of spirit»
palpitation, indigestion, rheumatism, sciatica, St. Vitus’ dunce and \ ar-
But substitutes
the hack, neur-
henrt
main mission
POUND SCHOOLS
sore
a good article to keep- off tho qui toes
paralysis
t lal
should bo avoided If you value your health ; sec that the full name “Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People” is on every box. Sold by all dealers or sent post paid at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 by addressing The Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont
the stations
Yours truly
•it
XV. A. OKE,
Harbor Grace, Nfld , Jan. 8, 1898
third
There ore at present 2.000 men at work on the Swiss side of the Simplon Tunnel, and 1,800 on the Italian side.
l)r. Williams
named
PROPOSED NEW ARM
WI'C 1137
but
was no
whom
blood-thirsty tyrant quaintance with him showed tho transformation was not merely an outward one. At his court we order, cleanliness, courtesy
wo
For Soldiers and Sailors of the
Imperial Forces.
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
The new rifle to ba experimented with in the British arnty is a combination of tho Lec-Enfield and the Mauser. The breech action is of the Mauser pattern, and is adapted by tho aid of thumb screws to rapid adjustment in Uie field without the aid of tools. The sighting is most complete and up to the standard in most respects of mutch rifles. The barrel is shortened by five inches, and to maintain the balance an equal weight has been removed from the stock. the wood having been drilled with hole; «nd the brass or steel plates replaced by aluminum. Th> new weapon will be loaded by means of clips, each containing five cartridges.
For tho new gun the muzzle velocities will, It is said, be maintained at .2,300 foot-seconds. It was at first proposed to employ 2,500 foot-seconds, but tho resulting pressures in the gun barrel were deemed inadvisable
the muzzle the corresponding pres-does not exceed 45,000 pounds
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
BOOM EXPECTED.
Mr. Millar anticipates a boom in school libraries within the next two or thrw years gan
prepared catalogues of books from which trustees may sleet books suitable for tho schools. A similar policy will probably be adopted in Ontario.
SIMPLE, INDEED
HAD Î0 BE LIFTED
It seems as if the acme of frugality had been reached by a French officer who explained
priate gestures, his system of sustaining life on a pension of five
francs a week.
"It is simple, veree, veree simple,” he said to the friend who had expressed amazement at his feat. "Sunday I go to ze house of a good friend, and z.ere I dine so extraordin and cut so very much, zat
found and hospitality.
“Lcwanika himself, who was ador-sort of divinity, ruled by shedding blood like at his orders
i
New York, Michi-and Wisconsin issue carefully
with many appro-
cd as a terror alone water. He had
code of tortures each more terrible than tho last. 1 will only describe the Scruyi, or warrior
A wretched victim (sometimes a | x,ame Back Had This Man a Pris Chief) would be bound, smeared with honey, and placed in the track of advancing column of these creatures. He might live for days, being literally devoured alive by millions of mandibles.
BURNING ALIVE.
"Burning alive was a common, often daily occurrence, and the ordeal bv boiling water tho only semblance of trial. If they happened to chiefs, the accused parties only submitted to it by proxy of tlieir wives or slaves.
"Now the ordeal Is abolished, and a rough but régulai’ judicial procedure has taken its place. Punishments are undoubtedly severe, the stake and the torture are among them
of Lealuyi now occupies the witch burner’s hillock, the ancient place
A HELPLESS CRIPPLE IS RESTORED TO HEALTH AND STRENGTH.
a
Preserve* the teeth. Ewoeton* the breath Strengthens the gums
ants
one
While some standard works
may bo included, the books consist of works of
in
Brass Band
fiction
should mainly biography, history, geography, tra-elonientary science, etc. If a small grant is made by tho Government proportioned to the amount expended locally, nearly every school Lection may be expected to have a fair library in a few years. Thirty or forty dollars will buy all the books required for a beginning, and with $5 worth added every year it would in a short time give all tho books the children would have time to read."
oner for a Long Time, but at Last He Pound a Cure Though Given Up by the Doctors.
i
aire
need no more till Vcdnesday.
"On zat day I have at my restaurant one large, veree large, dish of tripe and some onion. 1 abhor zc tripe, yes, and zo onion also, togez.zcr zey make me so seek as have no more any appetite till Sun day. You see, it is veree simple."
an
vel
Instrument», Drums, Uniforme. Etc
Napanee. Ont., July 14.—(Special /—The doctors told Simon Warner that they could do nothing for him. He had tried many medicines and treatments with no. good result.
EVERY TOWN CAM HAVE BAND
and
I Lowest prices ever quoted. Fir-e onvaloguv I 600il!ustrn:i»n»,mdied free. Write ua for any
thing In Munir «r Muelcnl Inelrement*.
WHALEY ROYCE & CO., Limites,
•11
Toronto, Ont. and Winnipeg, Ma»
He was a helpless cripple with lame back, and for a long time his wife had to lift him in and out of bed, the pain in his back was so very severe.
in this extremity a friend's advice saved him. This man had suffered with backache himself, but had been completely cured by Dodd’s Kidney Tills, thus when he heard that Mr. Warner was so bad he went to his home and recommended this medicine to him.
Mr. Warner and his good wife were at first inclined to be somewhat doubtful, but here was the evidence that Dodd's Kidney Pills do cure Lame Back right before their very eyes in the person of the man who had been cured. Surely it must be
Ufopi the CnugH and work* elf lh# * eld.
Lare'lve Bromo-Quinine Tablet* cure a cola I» one daj. No cure. No Pay. Price iûecate.
Cents’Suits Cleaned
At 2,300 foot-seconds at
or Dyed ; aluo Ladles' Wear of all kinds, sod House «engine of evenr description COLD MRDAUST DYt.113.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING OD’Y,
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa à Quebec.
sure
to the square inch.
In appearance the new weapon is very handsome, and is a marked improvement in this respect over the The bayonet and ramrod
in an ingenious
The Cross of the French Legion of Honor has been bestowed upon women.
THE MAKING OF MARBLES
38
but
Nearly all the agate marbles that wear holes in tho pockets of schoolboys on earth are made in the Krag State of Thuringia, Germany. On have been united winter days the poor people who fashion, thus doing away with the live in the villages ' gather small necessity for a bayonet scabbard, square stones, place them in moulds; jn this particular our authorities something like big cofîee mills, and	to have taken up the Russian
grind them until they are round. Thé idea, since for many years the prac-marbles made in this way are the tice in the Russian army has been to common china, painted china, glaz- aiways keep the bayonet fixed.
#d china, and imitation agates. Im-	HUÉ
Ration agates aro made from white «tone, and are painted to represent tho pride of the marble player's
real agate. The agate & Positive Cure for Hot Wheathei
Ailments.
not
all
The mission station
Dominion Una Steamships
Minard’s Liniment Cures LaErippe,
Multireel to Liverpool. Bosto.i to Uee». pool. Pertlsn 1 to Liverpool. VieQuetne-
of execution.
"Every month Lewanika and his
to celebrate tho new of strong native When
ass1»--*-
of the Company, or
Kiekarils, Mille 4 Oo.
77 Stale Su Bvtoe.
1,500 mines employ 11
Germany s 000 miners.
chiefs used
For
moon by orgies beer drinking.
Lealuyi ho had already forbidden the making and consumption of intoxicants throughout tho country, i. has set the example by himself becoming nai abstainer. To-day I assured he has not tasted alcohol for seven years.
REAL CHRISTIANITY.
I visited

I). Torrance à Co.. Montres! ami Pertland.
and
s runtiT ix-
HTUUIBJUIlai Human*Swine T,Slock Marker snrtCalf tkboraer. Steyeewme of ell sgeifro* rxt.B| Meàes WdilTerent ear nui ki, all e.iM. with same hied®, lit reels U Ini momeJefree frleeSl iOoreend #1 for trial ; if 11 worki.eendbelenre. Pal'd t.S. May 6, '02 for 1T yrs ; Ceoed* Du. 17,
*1. llyra. FAlEiB BBItiUTOX, falrSeU, lewa, U. 8,
NO HUMBUG
ïjjp
BABY’S OWN TABLETS
true.
So after some deliberation they decided to try, and now they arc very much pleased that they did for iii a
"Although Lewanlku still clings to I ner’s backache had vanished. He polygamy and some other pagan grew gradually stronger and better practices, he encourages others, even and üt present enjoys the best alibis own children, to become Chris-1 round good health he has had for
n y
"But the Barotsi mission has pro-1 There is not a trace of lame back du cod real, and not merely outward remaining, not a single symptom, professors of Christianity. Among and the helpless man who used to these I may mention his son and be a burden to himself and his wife heir Litin, his niece Akanangiosa, a js now strong and o comfort to his great chicftainess in her own right, faithful helpmate. He my»: and Mokamba, his son-in-law, and "We have used in all about twen-Primo Minister, who is now in Eng- ty-flve boxes of Dodd s Kidney Pills, land with him. Litia was tho first %nd given some away to our ncigh-to set tho example of having but hors. I find that when they use a one wife, whom he treats with the box they themselves are about as respect due to a woman in a ( hris- strong in their recommendations as
tian country.	we arc.
"Much remains to be done; there	CAn certainly highly recommend
is still a very dark side to Barotse Dodd's Kidney Pills as a. sure cure
* i individuals here tor jittme Back, for they cured me. full blown saints; far and j nover heard of a worse case." But when think what they have emerged from realize that there have been transformations indeed."
26 different kinds of insects have been enumerated which attack the sugar cane.
an
painted china marbles are of plain white stone, with lines crossing each other at right angles painted upon Glass alleys are blown by glass blowers in the town of Lau-
Thc expert work-
l
In tho hot weather the little ones suffer from bowel troubles, arc ncr-wcak, sleepless and irritable.
For Orrr *l*lf Tear*
Hn

them
Wood « Photo. E ncr u i n( # J l JOWESCNG (9 %
"16BAY STREET — IO^OnIO
vous
Their vitality is lower now than at any other season. Prompt action at this time often saves a valuable little life. Baby's Own Tablets is the best medicine in the world for little at this time. They speedily re-
scha, Germany	|_
take a piece of plain glass, and
another bit of red glass, heat them red hot, blow them together, give them a twist, and there is a pretty
alley wiUi the red and white threads ones HH	WÊÊÊIKÊ
of gln«4 twisted inside into the form lieve, promptly cure, and give sound, of the letter S. Large twisted refreshing sleep. The Tablets should glass alleys and plain glass alleys be in every home where there fvith the figure of a dog or sheep little ones during the hot weather inside nre made for very small boys months. Mrs. P. Ferguson, and girls to play with. But the Mansfield street,. Montreal, says marbles most prized to-day are the “j have found Baby's Own Tablets real agates. These marbles are seal the best medicine 1 have ever used brown or black in color, and many for children. My baby was attacked of them have largo round circles on with dysentery and was hot and them that look like eyes.	feverish. I gave him the tablets and
they promptly cured him. Before this he had been rather delicate but since using the Tablets, he has been All mills in Japan run day and much better in every way. I can night and change hands at noon and sincerely recommend tho Tablets to midnight. The vast majority of all mothers with ailing children." mill workers arc children, who work j Baby's Own Tablets arc guaranteed eleven hour» at low wages. In one to bo absolutely free from opiates mill at Osaka 2,600 workers are un- *nd harmful drugs. Children take der fifteen years of age, and operate them readily, and crushed to a pow-onlv 3,700 spindles. In this coun- der they can be given to the young-trv 300 persons operate the same est infant with period safety. They number.	are sold at all drug stores or will be
sent pest paid at 2 cents a box by
ally 1 .4CU loot	Schc tady#
tiuns
m«

Î THE CANADA PERMANENT | and WESTERN CANADA I MORTGAGE CORPORATION X
I

?
There are now 1,500 British-owned vessels manned by Chinese crews.
arc
<
$
T
Toronto Street. Toronto
p
100
I
imam’s hum me uesi Hair Restorer
* i

I
Mr. Roosevelt is the third graduai	Harvard
President of the United States
r«VESTMENTS
$23,000,000
T
College tn become
ï

life, nor are the mentioned from it
How's This !
y Pre> dent. GEORGE GOODERRATI **
let \ ioePr widen » rind M&rmge; X 1 Director. J. HFRBKUT MASON %
T -nd Vice PreaidcLL \V. H. BKATTY J.
JAPANESE MILLS
We offer One Hundred Dollars reward for T any case of Catarrh that cuuuot La cured f
u,	CO.. Toledo, .0.
We the undersigned. have known F. J. •!«
VIN Wholesale Drn*«i»t«. Toledo. O.
finies Catarrh Cure It taken lutcroa-.y a, ting directly np<»u the blood nrd mutous surface* of the system. Test! monta i sent free. Price 75c per Utttle. 8)1 Ly nil drug gists.
lull's J amlij IIUs are the Ve®U
we
The armies and navies of Europe absorb 12 days' earnings yearly of the entire population.
SONDS
ladies, take warning.
War against trailing skirts is i <
on* *Uie'61 ConUncntCd ‘in parts of England has 120 artesian well» of Switzerland wearers of these long over 100 feet deep garment» are fined; and in Prussia Home public gardens are closed to j those whose dresses ba.v« even quite (
moderate trains.
Mlnani's Liniment for Rheumatism.
». ii *hlch Executor* at d Trustee* are .. ou h- r red to inv ei. Tiust Fund* * and v b eh are acceptable i • deposit » ** by Ciin/ulivti Government, are
• ISSUED AT4 PERCENT. X


Minard's Liniment is (he best.

or



/




###PAGE###4###








THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
Make Hay
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 00 to 75c. Flour per barrel, $1.00 to $0.00. Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75o. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Rggs, per dozen, to 12c). Rutter, per pound, 14 to 15c. Wool, per pound, 13 to 15c. Pelts, each, 35 to 45c.
Hides, $4.80 to $5,50.
Calfskins, 45 to 05 cents each.
SHAWVILLE, JULY 42, 1902.
SHAWYILLE
WARE-ROOMS
*•
time)
Wtjile the Sun Shines |-
and Buy your
Farmers Lost Over $2,000,000.
Last year the sales of Canadian butter were $2,974,300 less than the previous twelve months and to that extent Canadian farmers were the suflurera. Usd Hon. Sydney Fisher, the person who tills the responsible position of Minister of Agriculture, been alive to the possibilities of the British market ns an outlet for our dairy products, there is no lesson why we could not hive had an increase in our butter sales, than the disastrous decrease. We are told that the government has spent large sums of money in providing cold storage on steamship linos running from Canada, and their inten-lion wm to encourage the exportation of I Als0 a stock of perishable goods. The falling off in the | value of our butter sales alone of over two millions in a single year shows the necessity for a change in our Agricultural Department. Mr. F eher, instead of looking after the markets available for the farm, devoted months of hard wozk to a useless investigation of the census of 1901, merely to gratify his vanity and endeavor to cover up his dire failure which cost the country half a million of dollars more than it should. The d. put* ment of agriculture is one of the worst managed branches at Ottawa. It needs brains and a man of broad instincts to infuse new life Into its stagnant policy. P, S.-Hay Forks. Mr. Fisher is apparently unable to even realize that he is at the head of a branch that is years behind the times; but the results of his labors, one of which is herein recorded, establishes beyond doubt that the farmer needs a new man to guard and further his interests.
PREPARE FORJTHEHAY HARVEST.
The success of the Massey-Harris Mower is due to its possessing the following special advantages:
First of all—Quality.
Folding Bar, operated automatically by coil spring.
Adjustible Whiffletrees.
Largest range of Tilt of any Mower made.
A wide Rake with a Frame that will not sag.
Made in following sizes :
20 Tooth— 9 ft O in. wide.
00 Tooth—10 ft. 9 iu. wide.
94 Tooth—12 feet wide.
Haying & Harvesting Tools
:: from us. ::
Our prices are away below the other fellows.
What Do You Think of This ?
2 Straight Handled Ilay Forks for 65 cents. Scythes at 50c, 70c, and 75 cents each. Three-prong Hay Forks, bent handle at 35 cents.
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
—with a full line of—
Sylvester machinery
ADAMS' WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES. DOWSELI/S WASHERS, WRINGERS and LEADER CHURNS.
Just Received—-A Car-load of new Salt.

Ware-rooms next door to D. McRae’s shop.
MACFARLANE BROS.
A Call Solicited.

'A
1
R. J. HAMILTON.

SMART & SMITH.
1902
1902
Get Ready for It !
Ottawa's
GREAT
PAIR!
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL !
CLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS|HICH GLASS MEDIUM
What We Can Do.
Each year Canada is purchasing from the United States largo quantities of inn and steel in the raw and manufactured stages. Last year we bought in that country $0,892,995 worth of iron and steel and manufactures thereof. There is no reason why every dollar of that money should not have remained in Canada. The shiftless policy of the govern-
^FURNITURE.
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No, sir !
Free Trade has not mspirej ti.at coa-1 First of tho BlJ Shows. | want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
would follow a Vigorious doterminatlon U1V7 MPT iMT] HfiTTI PPATfTRFS I	b1^'6 *01* V- ^ ® ^aVC a *aVne StOCK of FIOUI*
to protect Canadian interesta. In this |	‘ &ttii ill V Lb	and all kinds of l1 Ced and call lliako PRICES RlGHT.
item of steel and iron alone tho supplying
cf th e home market with home output I Increased Prize List and Special
would mean employment to many expert	r
workmen. Besides, every dollar’s worth Premiums for H6W Competitions manufactured in tho United Stilts! . ni and sold in Canada, meats money not in 1	u doScS#
the pockets of the factory owner alone,
but in the purse of tho United Spates |	A MONSTER DISPLAY
farmer. If 10,000 men were required to j of the Choicest Works of Art to be produce the $0,892,995 worth vf good6 we buy from Americans. 50,009 men, women and children would be supposed here in Canada. They would consume in each year something like $2,500,0(0 worth of foodstuffs and the Canadian farmer would find his homo maiket increase! to that ext rule applies equally to the many industries that might be built up in Canada nt t ’.et x; en c f heU .it.: 1 Sun*-. W * hu ad quale protect farmer, attizan ai d laborer.
this
year.
Li
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites
t
Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
)
JAMES WILSON.

UNDERTAKING BRANCH
eCOBMICK MOWERS
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.-
JT. OhJEEr^JEE^LnOC.
ARE BUILT RIGHT
had In Ontario.
TrotMJ!ring ! Get the McCormick
:

A#
m

JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
FACTORY
w
pRESH ARRIVALS
im
Magnificent Program of Stage Special-
And the same Ilics ,inri other Amusements, including liik1#I
Balloon Ascension with double parachute | I J drop, very funny Water Acts hi the Lake | |i !i by artists just arrived
XVebb's Perf
Kiii:
N


from Kurope.	I
e renoi ti I
tor	in inulAU'.urv , j Marl incite	Emui!}', Acrobats ; uNo Sviirc-	lii
I	,	y or, the Bicycle wonder of the century, in	ifl
_____	marvellous	ami thrilling feats. "	Ifl
i
i

IN
«I i •



4




!
Ur IF
AM
Remembered the Ladies


MiuV1


THE BURNING OF MOSCOW
RUN LIGHT.
(Formerly McCredie & ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
sSraEB EaiBsEHE
show at Ottawa, have not forge tien the w orks ever given in Canada. Sout h Af-ladiea this year. Glass cases of various riean heroes will take part in the Spectae-kinds, all calcula td tocisp'ay he artis1. s ul,\r* ,w^h w‘:1 bc unusually impressive exhibited to the veiy best advantage, have been secured in large numbers so that every piece of ladies work that wi 1 be displayed at the show in August this jear will be under glass.
The la dies will appreciate this trove.

AT THE
Big 4 Mower, 6 or 7 foot cut
Vertical Lift Mower 4 ^ or 5 “ Little 4 (1-horse) 3Î or 4 “
Gash Store,
and it will gat the hay.
8 feet 20 Teeth 8 feet 2d "
1) feet 23 “
•
10 feet 26 Teeth 10 feet 82 “
12 feet 40 “

STARK’S
CORNERS.
i2tT SPECIAL RATES on all railway* and htea in boats for both exhibitors and visitors.
Por Prize lists, entry forms and all information, write the Secretary.
E. MCMAHON,
26 SPARKS ST.
o
AH Steel, Self-Dump, j Repairs on hand.

*4
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::

C. A HOWARD - AGENT - SHAWVILLE,
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin.
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
Harvest hands for Manitoba.

Winnipeg, July 17.—The departimn of agriculture ia sending out its annual
ing will commence early in Auguit, ae Apply to EDWARD TAYLOR chairman, confidential. Addrese,	Pacific Junction Ry.Ca
Teacher Wanted.
Deer and Moose.
NOTICE.

SILAS YOUNG.

ROBERT C. HODGINS.
ere
Here it is I |$b#™ue's The Place
SASH and DOOR
P. S.—Article 1103a of the Game Laws, important to whom it may concern, reads
as follows :	I mi. vi J ™ ¦¦¦¦¦$
“ No person owning, having or harbor- The highly reepectabU Liberal
ing any dog accustomed to hunt and pur- paper, the Huntingdon Gleaner, says :
,S.2	7..
--	Public notice is hereby given, that the ited by deer, between the first day of No u* i(l reJ0,.< t) over ,h.e Uct that during
London, July 17.—William Johnston, ^ alnation Roll of the Municipality of vemlwr of one year and the twentieth of financial year ending 30th June, the |	¦ mm mam	Shawville has been prepared by thevalua- October of the following year, under pen Dominion government took out of the
I ».	--w .b7,h...	* sfftt ss^ajmmïî £Jxi
* " *n ' Ran^cman and ngured m homologated at a regular meeting of the such locality l>et ween the above mentioned I million», of which customs and excise some stirring events in connection with Council, with or without amendment. dates.—! Ed. Yll, C. 12, h. 4.
tho order in Ireland. He was populary n:— «> av-*».««.	.». I	*
known as “Johnston of Ballykilbeg.
He was born February 22, 1829. He wra inspector of Irish fisheries from 1878 to 1885 and was then dismissed by Earl Spenaer, lord-lieutenant of Ireland, fora
An Honest Liberal Opinion.
Historic f igure Gone.
Public Notice
FACTORY.
newi-
JjHXSrONB OF BALLYKILBEG DEAD WHS A NOTED ORANGEMAN AND SCHOLAR.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled W are.
O
Conservative M. P. for South Belfast,
died of county
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
ogated at a regular meeting of HM* with or without amendment. Given at Shawville this nineteenth day of July, ninetéfen hundred and two.
W. W. IRELAND
Sec. Trees.
Sash,
contributed forty*three millions. The ™s people would need to be prosperous to stand such a drain in taxation. Even with so great a revenue it is doubtful if there will be a real surplus. The expenditure has not been definitely ascer-
Hpnpnp	---- London, July 18.—An official notifies- uined- The 7| million turplui the gor-
of foreign trade per head is thus over of the various state departments eoncern- distressing circumstances,
175 per head.	ed in the Abbey ceremony are again busy duty with his regiment
The foreign trade of the United States with the preparations for the crowning.
By the advice of Hie Majesty the coro- is but $30 per head. This comparison nation ceremonies in Westminister will illustrates the vigor a be shorn of much of the intended cere- of Canadian commerce
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Repairing
ym ..	-	WI For which I am now prepared to re
wiG&tly Q.0H6 &t lOWGSt ceive onier8 RI*d guarantee first class
prices.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, 6to.
Coronation on August 9.
< 4
THE KING HAS I SUED HIS COMMANDS.
Canada’s Foreign Trade.

work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage In the past, I nhall look forward to a future In crease In business.
iDg.
ago and was given s groat welcome by tho Orangemen.
DALE BROS.,
uliaily
tic*;
While Africa
he was bitten by a dog. He was invalided to England. The wound healed The charter for the Modern Telephone I but recently he developed hydrophobia < in: my has been granted by the Oata and despite the best scientific treatment rio Government.	I died in great ageny.
on
Shawville.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
progressiveness and business

men.—Ottawa Journal.











i -v,



„ .

###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Men’s Shirts, Ladies' Blouses, etc., take a finer and more lasting finish— with less ironing Bee Starch is used.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interest!.
PÜBLÎ8H8D EVERY THURSDAY
AT BHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC. QUE.
9UB$0mPWM-$1.0Q A tEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped nntll all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with •) publisher.
paying and
» ’ e
Harvesting
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Rooms.

A. SMILEY, Prop.
*
4

:ot
ADVERTISING RATES t
Legal advertising, eighteenth per line for finit Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #4.00 per year.
Local anuoupcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 6 cents for subsequent Insertions. ^
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will lie Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
The Kind %t Gets all % Cream
The Improved
It
. REQUISITES I
STarcH
¦ I
u. s
Requires no boiling — Iron cannot stick to the linen with BEE STARCH.
A set of three Patent Flat -------Iront, nickelled, in exchange for too Bee Brand coupons. —Save them,
BEE STARCH CO., MONTREAL .
Scythes and Snaiths
Hay Rakes
Hay Fork Rope.
L
1
Cream Separator
RECEIVED COLD MEDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attt uded to.
FREE

JOHN A. COWAN
9
4
Publisher.
Business Cards.
W. B CRAWFORD,
Wholesale Agent, Shawville.
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
: :	N. Y., last summer. : ;
MEDICAL.
DR. KIcNAUCHTON. Q[Q. HYNES,
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :	J
at the new house built by
«SÏ,^Jr;“T I FURNITURE DEALER AND
At home-Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons. Telephone In office.
Guaranteed
Pure Paris Green.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of tho
the best machine made—at
“ 17. S.”
our warerooms.
UNDERTAKER,
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M, ISHAWVILLB, - - QUE.
A. SMILEY.
Grain Cradles,
Blades,
Forks and Fork Handles, Whitstones.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate | A	well-selected and varied stock of
of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by img ¦ ¦¦ ¦	u	jj^e
examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
Omet AMD nEoLies:! : J. U Armitrong's House,
MAIN STREET • - SHAWVILLE.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
LEGAL.
I also keep a complete stock of Fune-
ESEfH'E'sSF*1 stock Plymouth Special and
Greensheaf Binding Twines,
D. LECUERRIER,
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thnrs-<lay and Friday of every week. Offlcc at U. McC. Ritchie's resident'*1.
Headquarters for
Prices on application.I UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
District and Country.
BOURBEAÜ RAINVILLE, L, L, L

Mill Maty Stra’by, of Lacbioe, Que., tvai accidently killed in London, Eng* and.
1
BRYSON
ADVOCATE
f
• e
G.F.HODGINS
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
Q jeen AKxatda opened the coronation bezasr in aid of IIti Majesty** hôpital fund.
Mr. Michael Bcriy, conce'sion 8, C*r-adi c Tvwntliip, had twehe steers killed by lightning.
The C. P. R. is going to proceed once with the reconstruction of the Perth cir shops.
Ti e Prince and Prinotai r.f Wales en-
ained cv r SCO co’.cnhl visiters at St.
P
v .r. o’. .
O'urn inert Midway c uitravt »ra in Easteri
Ol.tlittu, IS Cleaij.
The T. H. Pratt Company's stuck at Hamilton Was destroy*d by fire, and the bui du g badly damaged. The lose id about $80,000.
The Saltation Army has receivedcffi-cial notice that General William Booth will make another tour of Canada and the L nited S ates this fall.
Additional fortifications being erected at llslif.x, including a new fort to be named Spiou Kop, ara txpected to make I that p?rt practically impregnable.
Wm. GAMBLE,
ADVOCATE, Ac.,
Office: Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAWV1LLK EVERY MONDAY.
Ice Cream Freezers.
%
a
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C ,
OF THK FWVINCE OF QULUEC,
Trust Building—
4 j dpurk3
Phone No. i:
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
v’t-eel, Ottawa.

ACCZPT ONLY
one of tho m# st
J. F. QP.01TAU ..	.. LADYSMITH.
'¦%{ INDIA
Œ PALE
W. W. IRELAND,
Fishing Nets
Clerk of the District Magistrates* Court, Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
ALE
(LONDON)
Brewed with exceptional care and watchfulness until just the right body and flavor are obtained. Its flavor is the true flavor of good malt and hops. One case in your house will demonstrate to your entire satisfaction that it is
the best tabic ale brewed. All dealers can supply you. ,
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street, QUEBEC.
.... and ....
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
Hshing Tackle
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
notary for the
MONET TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.	A stranger, who registered as Mr. T. duced, the original having bojn les*, and
Will be in ShawviÜe on Tuesday of Johnston of Boston, committed suicide at tho Ontario Government accordingly every week.	| the LVchlieu hotel. Montreal, by hanging chimed escheat of the estate on the
himself to a gas braket.	grounds of the testator's illegitimacy.
Dog Show at the Fair.
:o:
of all kinds,
McDOTOALL & CUZNEB,
Hardware Merchants, - - - Sussex St. Ottawa.
Admirers of dogs—and who does not
A million dollar pulp mill is to be erected I	—------*»---- riit*/ 0I" ete*f’8 finest „ in Canada and
duced.	during the course of his trial went to the ever held in Canada
be	type circulated I
among the German population of all The bolt was .hot at 8:02 by hangman The “Burning of Moscow” is the spec-1(Copner Ma,n and Plokanock B ta.) ! Eastern t-Mano	Radcliffeand,although Rice’s feet struck tacular to be presented at the night
Lady Strathcooa and Baroness Mac-	the side of the pit and the knot slipped	tamments of the Ottawa Fair,	in August
donald, of Eamscliffe, presided over the	around to the right aide of hie head	t im year. It w to	be	the most
Canadian sections of the coronation	death was instantaneous. Rice was a	thrilling a,1'i awe-tnapirlng	of	the many
baxaar in aid of the London Children’s	poweiful fellow in the best of health and	«pectac es arranged by the	Hand Co. of
hospital.	his heart continued to beat faintly for 12 Hamilton. A special company assisted
Th. c.Q.di.n	,i“
,£r„ isx-t:	o~a m ». a*,™,. es.ssti'ti
desirable excursions to Port Col bourne,	---- Napoleon.	7	8
Ontario.	Pembroke, July 19 —A storm of unex-
s	-BBS I
LOUTt Miawville, on record.	b.rne, outhouse, mud .11 st.nding timber.
No. 27®.	Official of the Hudson Bay Company The road was blocked in two places, the *,ir* ' ‘ty, l tah, July lti—Thirty-five
Meets the 4th Wednes at Winnipeg discredit the report thst telephone and telegraph wires being	'vere killed in the Daily West
day of every month. Explorer Andre and hie perly, who start- I down. The farmers whose property was ,uili 11	mines last night, twenty-nine
Court dues must be paid ed to discover the north pole in a baloon, | thus injured were Hugh Fraser, Wm. ln^e	u ®nd six in the Ontario,
promptly every month, were murdered by Eskimos.	Loe and George Cottingham.	* lhe " master was the result of an ex
caught under a piece of timber and ai- between the Boers who first accepted the t*1?» eac0(e| ,®‘r Miehari Judgment has been given by Mr. Jus- most instantly killed.	situation in South Africa and worked with ^ c”’ •	**')***V wou*®
tioe MacMahon in the celebrated Me The mammoth bam of Mr. Crcsier, at the Britiah during the closing months of °“1DKe 111 the hecal Pol,cy*
Laren will case, tried in Perth. The	Beecbburg was badly wrecked, also the	the war and those who he’d out till the last
judgment upholds the validity of the	barns of Meiers. Shepherd and White	There might be evils with lees promise of Rain has slightly mitigated the	rav
will made four years - ofore Mr. Me-	near town. The storm took a circle a-	good. The men who first gave in will	sgea of cholera in Manilla. Since	the
Laren a death, whereby his estate valued	round about four miles out and two hon-	likely be made the faster friends of the	outbreak there have been 1,700 deaths
at ? 102,OK) was bequeathed to his rela-	dred yards in width. It was a typical	new rulers because they are not liked by	in the city and 9,357 throughout	the
tivee. Only a copy of the* wHl was pro cyclone.	the old.	Philippines.
J. J. TURNER,

' -	- v'
I
-AND-
& G.M.Donaldsofl
m
MEAT SHOP.
A Thrilling Spectacle.
predicted that he
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
1
\U
1
-AND-
tn-
Having secured a new and fresh stock of GROCERIES people can rely on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspect our stock.
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES. .
A Call solicited.
JEWELLER
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
Summer Time Card.
O. N. AND W. RAILWAY.
-f Train No. 101 leaves Ottawa 5.05 P.M. + Train No. 102 arrives “	8.25 A M.
o Train No. 108 leaves “
o Train No. 104 arrives “
8 Train No. 105 leaves “
§ Train No. 100 arrives
¦f -r Train No. 107 leaves “
r t Train No. 108 arrives “
7.03 A.M.
6.00	P.M.
1.30	\ M.
8.00	P.M.
9.30	A.M. 6.45 P.M.
RepAiaufO—
a Speciality:

Thirty five Killed.
H. A. HODGINS.
<•

8
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
4- Train No.	109 leaves Ottawa 5,15	P.M.
4 Train No.	110 arrives	“	9.25	A.M.
*	Train No.	Ill leaves	u	6.45	A.M.
#	Train No.	112 arrives	“	6.35	P.M.
The British Chancellorship.

A
London, July 18.—S r Michael Hicks-*
Beach, chaqgggggeflpjjjlfli^PlBBl consented to remain in office through the present atasion of parliament. He a ill
the e i cheque r, haa
L.B.C.
J. A. Cowan, R8.
R. W. Ho

HAWYILLE HAVING PARLOR, JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
For tickets or further information apply to station agent or GEO. DUNCAN,
Diet. Pass. Agent,
42 Sparks St.,
Ottawa. Ont.
mean a
The spot for—
H.B. SPENCER,
Cen, Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. It.)
OTTAWA, OaU
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, ob A Clean Shave.
Y oar Turn next,

l
Ï

>







-

D8//$8+:^^
###PAGE###6###

\
t
CURIOUS HIDI8B PLACES-
il REMARKABLE DREAM.
“Well, I'm jiggered 1M he ejaculate . “What a Nell ! By Jove, Lawson, but they fooled me to the top
of my beet i"
Then a roar of
marking and I warn busy with a eequvnoo of nursery cannons,
There was an eager light in El*-niore'e eyes and ho waved a sheet of paper triumphantly.
“I’ve got it,” he cried, “and we shall have time to collar the beggars. The cipher was a teaser, but 1 managed it.”
lie laid the sheet of paper on the billiard-table, and we crowded eagerly around it. Instead of the solution we expected It contained the following cipher : “Bsrpianrg K 2 1 3 o drosrsbty, Bwo 2 y 3 c 8 hsehsatrepr. (F) red Frick.”
“Why, that’s another cipher,” Lilian said, in a disappointed tone.
”()f course it is,” he cried. “You didn’t expect that Red Erick was fool enough to trust his message to a cipher which an ordinary police expert could solve at a glance, did you ? lie is a clever fellow, but your old dad has boon one too many for him. It was a long time before l hit upon the key, and when 1 did the answer was a puzzler ; but I stuck to it like death to n darky until It yielded up Its secret, and there it is.”
“It may be,” said Lilian, sarcastically ; “but I am not an expert. If you wish me to understand you
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
The
There was absolutely no clue police were at their wits' end
Like everyone else, Klsmoro had a pet theory which ho advanced with his usual dogmatic persistency, idea was that the jewels had hidden somewhere in or about house by someone connected the establishment, who was also a member of a clever gang of thieve#» and forgers, acting under the leadership of an American known to the police as Red Erick.
"As soon ns the storm blows over they will remove their booty/ ho said ; "and as they cannot communicate with each other by post, for fear of the letters falling into the hands of the police, they have recourse to a cipher advertisement in one of the daily papers
1 shook my head doubtfully.
"The police are too clever at reading ciphers for the thieves to recourse to such a method,
"They could easily concoct a code which the whole oi the Criminal Investigation Department could not read quickly enough to frustrate their plans,” ho said, confidently. "Watch the papers, and see if 1 am not right.”
The manufacture and elucidation of codes and ciphers was Elsmorc’s pet hobby. His ambition was to compile a unique and comprehensive commercial code, and he had devoted years to that object.
Lilian's eyes twinkled merrily as she led him on to boast of his ability cipher reader, ami once started his favorite topic ho certainly did himself justice.
"Your old dad may be behind the times in many things, hut there is expert in England who can give him points in the making and reading of codes and ciphers,” ho said.
Then he settled himself comfortably in a deep easy chair, and took

ed
X
USED A FIREPLACE TO KEEP
HIS SAVINGS.
RAISED A FAMILY FROM POVERTY TO AFFLUENCE.
+
hearty laughter filled the room, and we knew that not only had our ruse succeeded but also that wo wore forgiven.
Ills
X
X
boon
A Wooden Leg Used as a Cash-box — Found in & Large China Sheep.
The giant O’Brian, whose skeleton seen in the museum of the
English College of Surgeons, owed his death indirectly to selecting his fireplace for the bank In which to
?
tho
of the Church of
* ÏÏSTttU. . String®
Story.
+
with
f++++++++++++++++++++f
From the day on which 1 hf#t mot
tennis party 1
The following, which our renders will probably admit is the most 10-Some| murkahle dream-story they hu\e over heard words in dreamer, iX | pu to in whoso
PROMINENT PEOPLE.
may
Lilian Elsmore at a put forth my utmost effort ^ to win her affection. Fortune was kinder to than l could have hoped. 1 soon saw that she was not averse to my attention», and when in duo time l plucked up courage and confessed love she blushingly acknowledged that she loved me, and referred mo

Interesting Gossip About
Great Folks.
very
is given In the . which it Is told by
a clergyman of high re-	keep his savings, which bo b,,d •».
tho Church uf England, of I	vested in a single Rank of Keg’,and
absolute truthfulness Uiero	note for £700. For u short while
be not tho faintest possibility of	It remained In safety, but one nnirn-
susulcion. It Is,very doubtful wheth-	log. a servant chancing .o.liiihi tho
tho	darter,	and	of	tho I	t|10VC jg 0n record any dream ox-	lire without orders, the poor Jiish-
.	In	all	he	has	over	200	minute detail of which has been	man’s fortune went up the chimney
other!. ; 0XlC,|v reproduced in fact, or ins-moke. This loss drove the giant
¦	, dramatically opei’od to drink, and he died soon alter-»
of wealth to a family at wards.
An instance of a wooden leg ing as a cash-box was brought to light at an inquest held lately iu tho St. Paneras Infirmary on the body of u night-watchman. When admitted to tho workhouse tho had shown particular solicitude as to his leg, which, on being examined * at his decease, was fou-nd to contain ten sovereigns wrapped up in a" old kid glove and a purse in which was another pound.
A false arm—not his own, but his wife’s—was used by a Parisian artisan as a receptacle for his hard-earned savings, which, converted as soon us they were sufficient in amount into twenty-franc pieces, were stored a way in a cavity specially constructed in
THE ARTIFICIAL L1MD.
the
ire
Tho orders of decoration borne by the German Emperor are worth little over $225,000. His most valuable decorations are tho insignia of the Black Eagle, the Order <>(¦ John, of Toison d'Or
will
my
St
to her papa.
To my surprise and disappointment her father refused his consent to a formal engagement between us.
he said,
"and 1 have no wish to part with her yet awhile. You arc both young and can afford to wait. Hot things drift for a time ; then if you both
mind—well, 1
# *

slurs, badges, and
crosses,
insignia
so
have 1 said.
which
The record of Colonel J. T. Marsh, I tho doer
lute of the Royal Engineers, is pro- the lowest ebb of its fortunes bably without a parallel, lie has a few months ago 1 fell asi<<P six sons bolding commission» in the &nd dreamed, in my dream l s“" army, all of whom have seen serious spread before mo the open pages ui lighting, liy one or other of it» a book, which a glance showed me members this remarkable family was ft church-register book, and in to have had at least one re-1 clear writing 1 read tho details of
the marriage	**
Ellen 11---• It seemed in my dream,
as if tho register were far away, although I could read it so distinctly.
I felt a strong impulse to go to tho railway station without knowing my destination, except that it country village. 1 asked for a
told by the clerk train in the direction
______Ito go had left some
ago. but that another train was duo in half an hour, and lie promised to call mo.
I foil no surprise at receiving the ticket without giving tho name of the place to which 1 wished to
travel. To
Lilian is all 1 have,”
» »
Norv-
in tho same
remain
may give my consent."
"Lilian and I understand each other perfectly, and wo are both
lit—'’
"Yes. yes, I know." he interrupt-
to a secret
man
worn s
present at ive in all our recent campaigns.
Tho German Emperor takes great pride in n cannon of solid gold which ho possesses, inlaid with precious stones. Its value, purely us a piece of jewellery, is set at $25,000, and a special guard watches over it.
of tho Hamburg Mu-
to
» 9
object you ; all 1 say is
ed. "1 don’t treaty between that it must not be made known un-
away and tell her so."
1 was disappointed but not altogether discouraged by the result of
Squire Btamore was
"All right, girl," ho answered,
Tho cipher, though in-
soothingly trie ate, was really very simple. They had submitted 'a' for 'b* *r' for 's,' and so on, and had mixed up the words so that the» answer formed a
9 4
Now run
was a
ticket, and was that the wished
as a
Tho trustees seum, who had cherished it for two
to tho
I
second cipher. In order to add to its difficulty and prevent tho recurrence of certain letters, they had used both tho preceding and following letters. To anyone who held tho key to tho second cipher this presented no difficulty, but it was a million to one on a stranger hitting the right sequence. Even I did not get it until 1 noticed that the letters separated by the numerals 2, to- 3, 8 were oych, and that the first letter was b ; then running my eye along tho remaining alternate letters [ spelled out tho word Boy Chester. After a little alteration I applied the same method to the whole* cipher, and read its hidden message: ‘Bring sparklers, 23, Derby street, Boychestor, W., 23, 8 sharp. (F)red Erick/ Sparklers is the slang for diamonds ; W. is Wednesday; 23 is the date, and as the 23rd does not occur on Wednesday again for eight months, it must lie to-morrow. Now do you understand ?"
"Yes," we chorused. "And what will you do now-—communicate with
the police ?"
“No," he answered promptly ; "Hclstone and 1 will work this thing ourselves. Lawson, the Chief Constable of Boy Chester, is an old friend of mine. I shall go down there by tho first train in the morning and ask him to find out whether Frederick—or anyone answering to the description of lied Erick—is staying at 23 Derby street. Then I will wire you, JTclstonc, and you can come down and be in at tho death, lly George ! Won't the county be
urprised HHHBBHBHHHHHH
Wo complimented him on his cleverness, and the old boy spread himself like a green bay tree and boasted so loud and long that we reminded him that he was only at the beginning I’ll of his adventure.
At three o’clock the nfxt day he wired roe, "Como by train arriving at 7.30."
As tho train steamed into the station I saw him pacing the plat-JBkCdes 2 r 3’ form excitedly.'
"It's all right," he said, as I slighted, "23 is an hotel—The Albion. They have engaged two private rooms and ordered dinner for four at 8.30. Scotland Yard have not the slightest idea of the meeting. Police-like they are on another track altogether. I pledged Lawson I to secrecy before I showed him the cipher. Às a J.P. I'd have played tho whole thing off my own bat rather than have been robbed of the glory. It's the biggest coup of my life !"
A few minutes before eight we were ushered into the private sitting-of room reserved for Mr. Frederick. It was empty. As the time passed Elsinore's anxiety was painful to witness. Watch in hand, he paced tho room, starting nervously at every sound.
"Do you think they have got wind of our movements ?" he asked.
"Oh, no," answered Lawson, reassuringly. "There is a train at 8.15. A cub can easily do the distance in five or six minutes, and tho dinner is ordered for 8.30 The rattle of a cab drew Elsmoro to tho window.
"Don’t look out," I cried ; "they may see you."
lie darted back into the middle of the room and stood with a tense, strained look, listening eagerly. The sound of footsteps in the corridor increased his excitement. We tiptoed across the room and stood so that the opening door would hide us from view. The footsteps ceased at the door of the room ; there was a low knock, the door moved upon its hinges, someone rnlAcd, the door closed again, and wc saw a beautifully dressed woman walking across tho room to the window.
At tho sound made by our movements she turned and, to his utter astonishment, Elsmoro found himself face to face with Lilian. For a moment ho stared at her in dumb astonishment. Her eyes twinkled mischievously.
"Lilian !" lie gasped, at length. "What on earth are you doing here ?"
I came in answer to Frederick’s advertisement," she answered.
"Frederick’s advertisement ?" he echoed. "Whnt advertisement ?
"The cipher advertisement in yesterday’s Times, which you thought proved your theory concerning the theft of the Dutton Diamonds. These are the sparklers referred to As she spoke she took out the little box and handed It to me, and taking out tho ring I slipped it on to her finger.
Elsinore turned and looked at Lawson, who was watching him, a smile of amusement playing the corners of his mouth.
he said.
on
time
my interview, a fine type of the real old English gentleman, comprising the bluff heartiness of the typical squire with the shrewd common sense of successful business man not been satisfied with mo he would have said so in his blunt, straightforward fashion.
The more I saw of more I liked him made man and but his boasting seemed in keeping with his character, and pleased instead of irritated you.
"I started as un errand boy, and finished up as a—well—a far richer than the Commissioners of In-have any
German
centuries, gave it Government some time «go.
Maxim Gorky, tho Russian novelist purposes to found in Nijni-Novgorod a vagabond»' inn, which will receive every vagabond who applies for shelter for a limited time, no matter whether ho be worthy or not. It will lie conducted on humanitarian principles and will contain brewery and a huge tea hall professional
swindles will lie refused admission
no
tho
For a time this novel idea answered admirably, , but one day, subsequent to a quarrel between the parties, tho wife eloped with a cabman and took her husband’s cash-box, which at that time held over f>00 francs, with her.
A wealthy butcher, living in the Villctte quarter of Paris, had long been suspected of being a receiver of stolen jewelry. Last April the police made a descent upon his premises, with the result that they recovered $15,000 worth of property, tho majority of which was secreted in tho most unlikely places. In a largo China sheep exhibited in tho shop window were discovered no fewer than one hundred and forty
twenty breast pins* and
while in a cow’s hidden forty-eight dia-
lf he had
my groat annoyance, the man neglected to call
arrived, and
for another.
however,
mo when the train again 1 had to wait This time I was more successful, and a journey of just under
up a paper
Lilian challenged mo to a game of billiards, and we left the room gclher. As soon as the door of the billiard-room closed benind us she threw her arms round my neck and kissed me.
"Isn't he the dearest old boaster that ever lived ?’’ she said, enthusiastically.
"Ho certainly does not hide light under a bushel,” I rnswered, sarcastically.
"No, ho boasts and performs ; whereas some people of my acquaint-nnc
Elsmoro the . lie was a selift terrible boaster,
a small Only
drunkards and card
an
after
hour T alighted at n pretty
LITTLE COUNTRY STATION.
1 went to the vicarage and asked for tho vicar, but was informed that he was not at home the old servant, who answered the door, to lend me tho key to church. At first she hesitated, but when I persisted, saying I was elf a clergyman
Church, she acceded to my request.
.	I easily unlocked the church door
' and proceeded to the vestry. On u shelf were a number of old registcr-
which 1 took down
It is alleged that Emanuel Preset a, n postman in New York, has been delivering letters for tho past eleven years wholly unconscious that he was a real baron, with estates in Italy, or that his real name was Emanuel Virginia Frederico Vincenzo Marie Cover a Prescia, Baron Del Cclso. Now tho revelation has been made the postman will probably make his way to Italy to claim his own.
Queen Wilhelmina’s crown is very gorgeous. It is of dull gold, only tho edges being polished. It consists of a crimson \ el vet cap enclosed in a circle set with sapphires and emeralds. Tho imperial arches terminate in sixteen joints, eight of which arc surmounted by large single pearls, and the other eight, bent toward the centre and there crowned with the globe and cross, are set with nine pearls each, which arc graduated in size, tho smallest being placed at the top.
This is a pen portrait of Mr. Carnegie Height, 5 ft. 4{in.; weight, 1601b.; describes himself as being "pony built”; hair grey; beard and moustache almost white; hands and feet unusually small—prides himself upon them; wears No. 4 shoo and No. 0 glove; eyes blue; has a Scotch face; speaks with Scotch deliberation; nose small and rather thick ; mouth determined ; jaws square ; forehead broad; face pleasant ; head round; wears No. 7 hat.
In his capacity of High Priest the Chinese Emperor has to oiler at least forty-six sacrifices to different gods in the course of a year. As to each sacrifice is dedicated one or more holidays, which must he passed by him in complete solitude, his time is pretty well taken up. Those sactifices arc made by the Emperor either by night or about dawn, and the houses along the route taken by him, os he is carried in his closed palanquin through the deserted streets of the city, are hung with black.
When looking at Lord Charles Bercsford’s strong vigorous frame it is difficult to realize that ho was once a delicate lad and was sent to sea for the sake of his health. He tells the story that when, in I860, he first set foot on board ship, and was making his way along the deck H.M.S. Marlborough to report, he overheard a. bluejacket whisper to another, "Poor little chap ; lie ain’t long for this world, that’s sure.” A fortnight later the grave had closed over tho seaman, but tho "poor little chap” is very much alive still.
There arc fexv men in Europe more remarkable than the aged King of Denmark, who is as erect and soldierly to-day as when lie came into his kingdom nearly forty years ago. He invariably rises early and declines assistance in dressing. After a frugal breakfast of coffee and bread he takes a walk in the palace gardens, each flower in which he seems to know and love. Every clay from one of the palace windows he watches the parade of the Guard, and part of almost every afternoon he spends in the riding-school cither on horseback or in teaching his grandchildren the equestrian art.
man come Tax
1 then bcggvd
idea of," AO During a long and suc-
his
would say	____ ___________
cessful business career 1 never made a mistake ; few mon can say that ! Dut I was an early riser, and the man who wis-hed to get before me would have to stop up all night-ami many nights One evening his boasting begat a kindred spirit within mo.
There is no doubt you did fairly well," I said, patronizingly was in your favor that you operated in tho days before the rain came. If you lived and moved and had your being in tho city to-day we'd lime the twig and catch you every time."
the
i my-of the Anglican
# 9
witehc^Hpil
eleven bracelets
head w<
monel rings, eight watches and four necklaces.
Tho custodian of a museum in a certain English town used as a cash-box one of the stuffed animals committed to hi» charge, placed hi» savings, amounted to some £50, when quadruped was one day, without his knowledge, exchanged for some other curio. Great at first was his consternation, but on explaining
to its new owner he was
"Yes, I know," I interrupted
*‘\ ou---
"Oh, 1 thought perhaps you had forgotten it," she said, sweetly. “What do you propose doing ? Have you any plans ?"
1 replied woefully that 1 had not the ghost of a plan.
"Well," answered Lilian, giving mo another hug, "I have. A real beauty. I thought it all out while ho was boasting. Now listen."
For half an hour i played the part of interested listener, then we wont back to tho drawing room and talked Dutton Diamonds to her father.
A few evenings later I found Elsinore in a state of suppressed excitement.
r1
9 9
books, one of and opened. My eyes instantly fell on tho entry l had seen a short time before, and then suddenly I awoke.
For three successive nights 1 dreamed this dream, until I at last to believe there must be
1 made a few without
€ <r
But it
In this he which had
the
began
something in it cautious inquiries, and, betraying myself, gained the information that there actually was a village, not an hour distant by rail, which answered exactly to the description of the place I had seen in my dream. •
My mind was now made up. 1 went to the station and demanded a ticket for M
the train had gone, but that would lie another one in half an hour, unci as it was a beautiful day I resolved to take a walk ; unfortunately I strayed too far, and on my returning to the station saw the train just steaming out. Instantly I remembered that it was by the third train that I had travelled in my dream.
When, two hours later, T arrived at M
ing the way to the vicarage, and was not at all surprised to hear that the vicar was not at home. Exactly as had happened in my dream, the housekeeper at first demurred to my request for tho key,
BUT FINALLY YIELDED.
“I was surprised at my own temerity, but my astonishment was nothing to his. He looked at me and gasped. 1 thought for a minute or two that my words had choked him, but he managed to swallow somehow.
matters
permitted, to his great joy, to move his money.
BOOKS HAVE OFTEN BEEN
USED
lo-
th em
r»
"Well, I’m jiggered," he ejaculated. "So that is your opinion, is it ?"
I nodded.
"You think you could manage it, do you ?"
I nodded again. Ho looked at me wondcringly—pityingly. lie cleared the plate and glasses from before him and, leaning forward, rested his folded arms upon the table.
"You are keen on marrying Lilian ?" ho queried, slowly.
Very," I replied.
"You love her, and 1 believe she loves you," he continued, deliberately. “i rather like you myself, and have only withheld my consent to your engagement because I do not want you to live an idle life. Idleness very often breeds vice, while work, with its engrossments and responsibilities, makes for health and happiness. But you are fairly established now, so I a:n going to make you a sporting offer."
"Yes ?" I said, eagerly.
"Have you seen the ‘Times’ ?” he asked, as I entered the room.
"Not to-day. Why ? Anything special in it ?
"Come into the library and show you."
1 followed him into the room, where he took up tho paper and pointed to the following cipher advertisement :•
"Arqohzmsf teux. cvpBzCd Ilirfgtzrq. 5 qq. (V) 2 15 14 3' 1832 13 12."
"The man who solves that cipher will have tho thief of the Dutton Diamonds in tho hollow of his hand," ho said impressively.
"Think so ?" I queried
banks x\ here bank notes and paha vo been concerned.
as
1 was told that
there
per securities A short time since an employe engaged at tho well-known H.tle rooms in the Rue Drouot, Vuris, on amining tho contents of a bookcase that was to bo put up for sale, discovered between the leaves of one of
number of
» 9
ex-
tlic volumes a large
deeds and debentures.
t ion ho purchased the bookcase, and disposed of half the debentures for $10,000. On attempting, howto negotiate the remainder ho arrested, and after an investigation the securities were restored to the heirs of the bookcase’s orig-
At the auc-
4 4
over
over,
was
I had no difficulty in find-
inn 1 owner.
Sumo time since an English cycle repairer, on overhauling a secondhand cycle that he had purchased, discovered concealed in the handlebar nine halt reign»
that two ladies purchased last
year in a Belfast sale room found a number of sovereigns; while in the old and unsightly frame of a picture, which a Hartlepool 'V.-dow purchased two years since at a local auction, were discovered no fewer than seventeen £•> Bank <>f England notes
"I know he will. It confirms my theory, and 1 intend to solve it wish I had seen it first thing this morning, I would have worked it out before now. Prompt solution is e\cry thing in a case of To-morrow will be too late."
"Then why bother about it ?" I asked.
"Because it proves the truth my theory," he answered, shortly “IIow do you know ?"
"By the numerals at the end. There are so many cipher communications in tho daily papers that interested watchers would wish to know at a glance the particular one for which they were waiting. A» soon ns I saw the cipher it struck mo that the numerals were the signature and the key to them was in the cipher itself. I worked it out and got the following lesult "9f.	2r. 15e. 14d.	3'E. 18r. 321.
13c. 12k.—(F) rcdErick."
''Frederick," I said
I went to the church and entered the vestry. Yes, there was the shelf with the row of brown leather volumes. I took one down, and my heart gave a great bound when I opened it at random and read “Matthew H
a note of the entry in detail and returned to the vicarage.
By this time the vicar had returned, and in a matter-of-fact way I asked for the certificat© of the marriage in question, giving dates, etc.
###### found it would mean affluence in- heie.nnd then as n ‘ jft
stead of poverty, as a large fortune conversation of ns o
depended solely on the production of Boisterous helqixlot.i
the certificate in question.—London ! ,Men connect eu Tit T»its	lftdn ns undignified and quite |
¦ ¦ | ¦	¦¦	trary to all ideas of schoolboy good
form. The mote sedate a Chinese
boy is in his behaviour, the more ho
conducts himself like a little old
man, the more aristocratic he is
considered by Ids schoolfellows, and
tho more praise ho receives from his
schoolmasters and his purent». I hero
was little variety in the color and
cut of their dress. They wore no
hats. Some had brushed nil
in a pi-
this kind
ano
were
“Go and buy an engagement ring, then I’ll tell you what it is," he answered.
I made
to Ellen
“I have one already," I said, fumbling in the corner of my waistcoat podket.
“Oh 1 Let me look at it.”
f. took out the little box and handed him the diamond ring I had purchased. For a time he sat toying with it.
“You are certain you could take a rise out of me ?" he asked, suddenly.
dignified schoolboys
• 9
Yes, I rather think I could," I answered, confidently.
“All right, do it !" he said, emphatically. bringing his clenched fist down upon the table with a bang that made the plates and glasses rattle. “And the day on which you manage it you may place this ring on Lilian's finger, and not before. “But how ?" I asked, nervously "That’s for you to find out and
to tell you," he said.
4 4
Well, and
» t
how
Red B2rick," he interrupted, test-m "Can’t you see that the F is bracketed to show that it is useless. It’s as plain as a pikestaff that the cipher is Red Erick’s instructions to the man who hid the Dutton Diamonds. I wish to goodness I seen it this morning. I should have missed it altogether if Lilian not pointed it out to me."
“Then you have not been able to solve it ?"
“I ha Ce not had time to do more than catch the drift of it. I believe the capitals are intended for numerals, having the vafuo of their place in the alphabet, and that the numerals are either frequently recurring consonants or 6 arc probably the vowel c, the 2 signifying its order as a vowel and the 5 its place in the alphabet.
3’ is probably q, the third letter which uccun* four time»." on may 1
4 4
li.v
9 9
not for me good-humoredly.
“Suppose it takes a form you don’t like ?" I asked, cautiously.
had
tho
ions, would have these Chinese
con-
had
“Bar silly joking it can take any form you choose," he replied. “Now run away and tell Lilian about it and let her hold the stakes.”
When 1 told Lilian her remarks were neither comforting nor complimentary.
Elsmoro was in fine form when ho joined us in tho drawing-room. But his ancient stories and hearty laughter depressed me ; while Lilian made no effort to conceal her disappoint-
By
v
PAROCHIAL LITIGATION
A humorous illustration of the fatuousness of parochial litigation comes from Norway. A widow in poor ciraumstances, being in want of relief, became chargeable to the and thereupon the y «
with a
TOO CANDID
vowels. The 2 and
lie was an owner of landed property. One morning a stranger entered his office and asked him:
“Are you Mr. llighrent?"
“I am."
“You own property at fiOO, Honeysuckle Terrace?"
"I do."
“And you are going to sell it?”
“I am." *
“I should like to buy it, then. I have purchased the house next to it for a residence, and, to be candid, I don’t like the kind of tenants you let your house to. I wish to buy it and select my own neighbors." “No, sir," answered the owner of
the property
eut aspect on the matter, to sell the place now
raise the rent on tii<
rates
n tin went to law
SSM	h„,r .*.% hj* IM, ....
bute The case was carried from queues . * h 1 le otheis had a fungi o
court to another, and after much sli,T bristles dividing n e »h 11
of from i: -- unshaven territ t their
a, heads.
The
t heir
ment.
When I kissed her good-night she broke down and sobbed helplessly, and I walked home tho most miserable man on earth.
Days passed in hopeless inactivity. Hare-brained schemes were concocted and dismissed hourly. 1 hadn’t a mind above n practical joke.
Then an ex ont happened which drove all other thoughts from our The Dutton Diamonds were
I 4
right,” I said, as lie paused to take breath, “but I doubt it. In fact, I don’t believe it has anything whatever to do with the Dutton Diamonds. My opinion-“Your opinion," he sneered,
boast—worthless. When
Ilk
• 9
one
legal wrangling, and hundreds pounds . being	ed in costs,
final decision was recently arrived at. When it occurred to those concerned to make inquiry for tho poor old lady who had been the occasion of all the litigation, it was found that she had been dead and buried for years
“is

ked
at homo ?
“Is Mr. Gayb I the caller ! educated butler i he’s at his club
I “You're u fraud, hi ; (Mgnnnt patient
dicine to vur failed. i>
like your
have fulfilled the one I shall be
9 9
L nt home-
the
you
glnd to listen to the other He turned angrily and seated himself at his desk. I accepted my dismissal and joined Lilian.
Wo strolled into the billiard-room and switched on the lights. But we did not play—at least not until we heard the sound of approaching
I!
9 9
9 9
stolen—stolen so cleverly that whole county was filled with eternal ion at the consummate daring of the thieves.
The Duchess, aftei her
foe» a few moments. When she j footsteps, then 1 grabbed a cut
had vanished j when Elsinore entered Lilian
cried t I t* lull ou guaranteed
tor ex e:\v-
¦¦B “W»Bf
replied ti e fake mtt’-i-probabiy you ba va» t
the

That puts a differ-
I shall
con-
Tho Lake of Neufchatcl is the Inrg est* in Switzerland, being 1 miles in area and 512 feet dee
y or r ! thing
In ] my <!ojv mi
triad eusi'j thing os»."
11

tr*—¦
about
iro
Imp IL	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
ground that tho neighborhood is iiu- . its bed Is a curious hillock of proving."	380 foot high, j	,
>cing the case hie, left the
£
mat
rot
upon
âw’- uroed Hie cam
»•
“You knew#	HiHH
Laws$h laughed and nodded
nid
was
F»




j _


###PAGE###7###

V
t
Ibotal family swiudledIhow some mes propose, I our climate is milder,
EVEN MORE FORMIDABLE.
EDWARDS’ TROUBLED REIGNS
PERFUMES IN OLDEN DAYS
Arabia has long been known as the land of perfumes, yet the Egyptians, who used them extensively, both for sacred rites and for household purposes, imported them first from Persia, whence
-.--.-.t,;ru-’r
tho Elder, son of Alfred the Urvut, The Orientals have always revelled in	Courts of
whom ho succeeded in 001, battled strong perfumes—the warmer the cli*
¦eise*
1060 and died without Issue.	purtH, ivory payments and cinnamon “bJecl- Recording to hi- . irculwe, in6toaU of matrimony."
SSjjsB j £* IS SSZZsrz, jiursr
whilo on the way to Scotland to sub- udorous mist » Inch dropned a fra-'raiit hatl wrUiLc",t0 a11 llla highest perdue an insurrection which had placed jew	°	| nonages in the kingdom, even to the
Hruco on the throne.	The far-famed perfume, of the east ,King. wd Queen. Upon him
Mward 11.. who had been the first were the favorite «poils brought home to	. lctU'rs,	th.c «ucen and
-a of Wales, became king In their lady loves by the gallant knight. i'.lc. 1 rlncosf °/ ,Wolc8' bMldM ""'"y 1607. 'twenty years later, after o[ tlle Crusades, and no treasure could	»	,
warring with his baron», he was do- have been more valued, lor it was be-	'"/heyecond recent case o	not	win	Jovo
>,os?‘ parliament and murdered heved that Oriental women retained I CX' a ,1"'ZL	r°ytt‘	"Many	men propose on
mMm
mm mm ië&ëêiêêbë mm
ÎSÊÊÊÊ BBS EfiiEliBIS HüiS liü
near on any transoceanic hattlL brother in the Tower by order of his "n “!( n#nf, fL L ?U'?\l®*. ?laje^y Iliant financier, and was implicitly while duck trousers, and he knelt due to increased evaporation, in it» W%^tclJTaZhrZ%^% l,Edward Vrrd %lrom%7^'to loilcl,walfr* thût bas theI «7rmtli ^royàr'Luse Tesid^ !kej w%" walk^^lL^'mother^wouM lem%ZurT" <>f ^
rr"“w " - *	>” arÆiSf: Ç"5	i sst-^^ss^sKS	¦» ss u,xr.r: jsr«sur « s sus
Discussing tho some tonic in the Udy Jane drey, to the exclusion of tt 'ttmp and tlien pours it into the bath, waa found in the rher. Then % it great, black spot on each knee.	mildness of the climate. At Spit-
Tom ns a French militnrv writnr Mary and Elizabeth, lie was the .\ 111 ‘ IH 11 aro<' marMe nlluir built into came out that his affairs were in a “ Hie length of time it takes a bergen the old tidal mark is 300 fmvs —"Facts sneak for thamRelxcs ,aRt English monarch of tho name fio<)r and reached by five steps. Her state of great confusion, fie had man to propose, after he has first feet and in Greenland 28 feet above Hnirland wns c/iueht nnnwL hv ,,ntil the accession of the present Major.Y reniante seven minutes in the speculated with the money entrusted met the girl, depends upon the na- the present sea level. It is possible the Boers and hns n% Cnr Z king.	lmth-rather a brief enjoyment ol so | to him and	turc of the man, the climate. the now to navigate much farther north
¦***
chowBkU But trade is no more dis- arms ln0VC(, horizontally and verti-lff*4 “g,7 devot.cd to P°rfuni.M j lïad of the Emperor calculated that out
turbod by such threats than Wash- callv make the two ,irst si„lmls jthe walls of his palace sprinkled with of tho 1,250,000 francs spent yearly
ington. Neither of the English- thcback turned and the arms pushcd: lhÎJ1,,.,I n , „	.	, _ ,	.	on. the Imperial table no less than
speaking powers cares a straw for 0llt nKlke the last onc Tho main Matilda Queen of Henry I. of England, half a million francs went into the
ain lies not that way, despite Prus- er minor * siirimIg * Iind thcse Varv L ,Un!ê8 werc not in Pcnpral U9e in Maly. King Humbert was cheated
“ï « ». ass.	,r- „
powers arc grouped to-day, to find common and u intelligible every-!1” Egypt-richer, more popular or more it had one of them who is more anxious to where among railroaders as the Eng- CoaUy than in hcr time
»<ck a better understanding with ]jBh language itself	| were burned in the bedrooms, sweet should be returned if unused,HI
Britain than to line up with her.	‘ ‘	; cakes were thrown upon the fire to dif- that the same should hold good foi
France and Germany have more to	! fuse gentle odors, rose water was handed	groceries taken
gain by courting than by antagonize	VEGETARIAN ATHLETES.	| after dinner in silver bowl*, cosmetjes	rooms
ing her, and there is no continental	  |	were	kept in fragrant coffers, pomand-	It was the present	King's mother
^tate that does not see in some Meat in Moderation Cannot Be ers, made of gold or silver, chased and who at last put her foot down upon continental rival a potentiality more	Harmful.	perforated,	to let the "Tragrunce escape, this ruinous extravagance, with the the room
menacing than Britain. Irrespon- ,r,	A uung from girdle and chain ; bottles of j result that the royal cooks struck adoring way
immmmmsm
which, he thinks, inter- amon* the totter Continental observers ! feres with muscular action. One too. Lord Goschen’s! swallow, however, does not make a
summer, and if our correspondent desires to prove hi» case he will require to select on equal number of healthy men, mixed feeder», and compare their work as athlete» or pedestrians with that of vegetarian It ! competitors ptr ! were
Three Rulers of That Name Have
Been Murdered.
BRITISH EMPIRE IS STRONGER IN SORROW.
CLEVER
TO OBTATIN0M0N#Y0FTED| A °IHL S OBSERVATION
ON LOWER LEVELS OF LAKES DUE
TO EVAPORATION.
Tho Edwards
¦¦¦HHHHIwho have preceded the present ruler of England on tho throne almost uniformly have been
THE SUBJECT
Her Financial Condition Is a Great Factor in European Domination.
One Who Ought to Know Tells of Lon£er Seasons of Navigation Sheepish Ways of Most	and Farming Farther
Men.	I	North.
1 in Many urope.
X
the
Whatever the outcome of the tribulation through which tho British people are passing the empire stands Infinitely stronger before tho world to-day than ever it stood before, writes the correspondent of tho Chicago HecorrWIerald. Splendid ns tho coronation of have been pageantry could never
Edward might as a demonstration in of imperial unity, it have equaled tho spectacle of a groat people, a globo-en-circllng power, await! ig with bated breath day after day tho fateful bulletins from Buckingham Palace. Tho grief of a nation is more impressive *4 than its joy—more in what it reveals more in what it implies; more in 4 what itf corner res.
Let Edward's lite be far prolonged or not, his illness came at a ment when subjects would most powerfully supplement the material forces that raising Britain to position in old world politics.
UNITY STRENGTHENED
invited you to luncheon | is upon these that he rests his belief.
of course, it is very generally stat/-to led by old people that the winters
an-1 are far lees severe than formerly, ver, and to soy that, they are only I and that the snowfall fooling and really didn't mean what | bagatelle to what it used to bo they said
straightforward, manly, and honor-1 feet of tho beautiful
she su vs
ho
now is a mere
There
others, Time Was, so
it is stated, when six I on the level
able, who take no' with such Serb | was not unusual in places where the OU# grace that they win your sped and liking even if they
arc
were
re- most that has ever fallen in the last can- two decades has been three or four.
The captain has noticed a great their change in this way himself, and con-cor- si tiers it evidence that the climate is becoming warmer and much dryer.
He has noted, too, that the old sea lc\cl of Toronto was, not so very many years ago, over JOO feet farther up than it is now. The level of the lakes, especially Lake Superior, is falling. Tho St. Lawrence Iliver is losing its high level, and will, he believes, continue to
molts moral effect on his
arc
the dominant
DECREASEJN DEPTH
is. in what direction ? her I There can be no doubt that Europe three times a day, for three hours | is much colder than It formerly at a time, he can usually become , and is becoming still colder. We well acquainted with her nature and j perpetually

was, are
hearing of storms in all her little characteristics in that I Europe of greater severity than any time, provided the girl is simple, a» in many years, hundreds of years in is apt to be the case.	some cases. It is not merely so in
isolated instances, but there scorns It I to be a gradual increase of such phenomena, as if that continent! were, so to speak, being broken in
TALK OF COALITION
ALL MEN ARE ALIKE
"Few women arc complex isn't so important whether the girl understands the man's nature or not.
Rut, anyway, she can learn it in no time at all, because all men are alike. They mostly all are brainy, | There is, Captain Bernier says, more and can smoke and love with equal | bad weather over there, more damp-ease. There are men who say fierce- ness, and more snow. It is obvious, ly, as if they were really desperate, j then, in what direction tho cold 'Will you, or won't you marry me?' ; center is moving, eastwards.
That sort of men are not much j And this gradual change in climate good, because you can't flirt with may l>e expected to continue. it them and keep them dangling. They ; will then be a considerable factor in make you say cither ‘yes’ or 'no' Canada's commercial and industrial right away. You can't fool them, development. The St. Lawrence and "There are many ways in which a lake ports will be open for longer girl can tell that a man is going periods than now, and the season of to propose before he does. First, j navigation will be extended. It is there is the tone in his voice. Then i not probable that the prevailing his eyes always follow you about, agricultural characteristics of thd
in the most admiring, | countries will be altered much at He looks at you 1 least not for a great length of time, with a vague, far away gaze, as if &t any rate, but the captain expects he really saw a visipn, or an angel; ! that, owing to this increasing mild-but he thinks, he does, so let him ness of the climate, vast tracts of alone. At this stage he wouldn't land in the far Northwestern por-even dare to call you ‘darling.’ But. tions of the Dominion will be render-lie has other ways of showing how e(j habitable and brought under cul-
Somctimcs he drops I tivation.
to
A DIFFERENT CLIMATE
out of at least £15,000 a year over alone. At the Spanish Court become a custom
that no
Sweet candles ] bottle of wine taken from the cellar
and
from the store-
in a body.
Of late years almost every royal family has put a stop to this perquisite system. At present the only two European courts which are still managed under the old system are those of Russia and Turkey.
When the little Princess Yolande was born her father, the King of Italy, forbade any presents to be given. But there was such on out- sions to cry in Rome about this edict that at j supposes it seems so little to you. last he was induced to permit the Some men propose by showing you city to present tho baby a	their bank books, and saying. 'Will
that be enough?'
er, and it
lie
little hints about his ideal of a wo- I “I will not see It,” he remarked, man. He says he never met her — | "but you younger people may, and until now. Again, he makes allu- , the next generation certainly will
his income, and says he	- ... - +-------
BRITAIN’S FINANCIAL MIGHT.
Britain’s magnificent financial condition is another of the constructive forces making for her old worldturic acid, dominance, concede that
fresh exposition of British credit has called fresh attention to this factor of imperial strength. Britain has spent $800,000,000 In less than three years and has borrowed three quarters of it. Yet the British Government can borrow all the money wants at nearly par for 2\ cent.
» t
MAKING DRUMHEADS.
The hides come by rail to the factory in great bundles. They am ¦ H	.4, exactly as when taken from the car-
' The only way to propose is the case# except that they have been old way — tho way Adam must have pickied jn salt. On receipt at proposed to. Eve, before there was fact0ry the hides are thrown into a any money, or reason, or anything smaI1 pond beside the building, and in the world but—love. Go to her jcft there to soak in running water and say, ‘You’ve got to many me t.ill all the salt is washed out. This because I love you and you love me, takes a long time. After being and I can’t live without you. And freshCned the hides are thrown over that style of proposal is always in frame8 an(j “broken.” The bits of
fashion."	flesh remaining on the hides are re-
moved, and the skin is then soft and ODD WEDDING CUSTOMS. pliable. The hide is next put in a
Giving wedding presents is an old Vat with lime, and left there for custom, but it differs in various about two weeks. This loosens the countries. Scotland's penny wed- hair, which is scraped off. Thon tho dings were peculiar^ They were call- skin is stretched tight on a frame od jenny affairs, but the invited nnd shaved on both sides. Another gems guests contributed a shilling and bath in a vat gives the skin a trans-thc occasionally a half crown, and out of parent effect, and puts it in apple-this sum thus collected the expenses pje order. Once more the skin is of the wedding feast were paid, stretched out on the frames, and, if Germany has a pay wedding at any finishing touches are needed, which the bride with each
in | jewel, a silver spoon or a piece of
money. In some parts of Germany %f yOU ever go to Hankow, China, the rule is that the expenses of the don’t forget to visit the duck farina, marriage feast shall be met by each There are a great many of them, guest paying for what he eats or and they arc really very funny, drinks. The prices paid for viands Hankow is built along the river, and and drinks are high, and the young tho people live by catching the fish couple often make a handsome pro- aild raising ducks. Close to the fit out of their wedding, often realiz- ter are tho little sheds in which the ing a sum quite sufficient to start du(*s sleep at night. Early each them in life. Often as many as 300 morning the doors of these sheds are ROYAL FAMILY SCRAP BOOKS. | guests are present at such a wed- opened, and the ducks go out
SHADOW PANTOMIMES
A method of entertainment as novel as it is easy is shadow pantomimes, to the accompaniment of songs of the day. M H
Amusing they are sure to be, and may j This was offered by the mayor and often be rendered very pretty and pie- & delegation from the municipality, turesque as well. College songs are I Soon afterwards it came out that Weston, whose feats *aflily adapted, and the old familiar the goldsmith who had made the certainly far more arduous	onc9 are the most acceptable. With a	! cradle had been	paid but a small
than	those of the German walkers,	very few properties and plenty of the	Part of its cost.	Who had received
One of the costliest wars in which f<*j on a mixed diet, and Sandow’s necessary “go" a delightful evening the money was not clear ; but cven-a European state was ever involved f00d is also of a mixed character. ma/ *>® Pas9cd at a minimum of trouble tually the King had to pay out of has been carried through succès» To sav that a moderate allowance verX httle preparation. A sheet his own pocket tho cost of Rome’s fully by Britain with scarcely the of meat will induce an excess of *iU ,er™ " .curta,in- a?d “ candle gift to his little girl, slightest, tension in the national uric acid is an unwarrantable 9up- throws the best shadow. When change One of the most extraordinary credit She still commands all the position Over indulgence in Mod, °.f >cIen« » b*1"* ano.tll(‘r ‘ght is , and mysterious frauds ever perpe-sinews of war She is still invited ,0Ods everybody admits is fraught 8,,n,|,,Iy T	™rta,n' A verse trated on a King was the theft of
*«¦**
MORAL INDORSEMENT FELT. on nuts. It is the exercise of an in- ness, such as picking up silver dollars Ilcav(Hl at the Dutch Embassy
Truthfully does	the	morning	Tost	tdHgent appreciation of the foods	and slipping them carelessly into his	Washington and offered to restore
observe :	"In	no spirit of vain boast-	which	best suit us that lioa at ti e	boot-top and sifting the imaginary sand	ihp Hton(,3 i( thc	reward were paid
ing. Britons may rest with confidence root of successful living.	m a coffee strainer, may make Clemen
upon the foundations of their power.	-4- “nas nsp* a very amusing character.
iwiea*
that despite differences in their jn 1841 Cherapingi, in India, ex- ies8 wav governing and social systems Britain perienrod the world's record for and America stand and will stand rajn< 150 inches fell in less than a together for certain high political wcek, This is about five times doctrines operates to strengthen niuch as falls in England in a year mightily the British position. After all it is the moral indorsement that makes Britain formidable to continental Europe.
SUPERB SILVER CRADLE
the
on
receives her guests j they are given. After being cut in a basin before her, in which | shape it is ready for the market, person entering deposits a
SOME FUNNY DUCKS
This was agreed to, and the man pointed out a spot in Greenwood Cemetery, Brooklyn, where he said the gems were buried. There they were found and brought back, and arc now reset and worn by the present Queen Wilhclmina.
wa-
i-ion
I tho river and swim about all day.
At sunset the owner claps his hands* j and the ducks rush from all direcat : lions, and there is a ...osi desperate
While she is pursuing she heedlessly stumbl
very prominent splinter which pro-1 were
trades from the mosquito netting water I might give some interesting details
and falls in, struggling, as the hero 1 about tho supply of experts to the	The colossal equestrian statue	HI I
rushes on the scene; but he, so the song	j royal British family. The King, di-	Romo of King Victor Emmanuel II.	scramble. None o* them wishes to
Lord Mark Kerr, G.C.B., when he	goes, “was no • swimmer.” Papa and	rcctly his children attained the ago	is now nearing completion. The ,	be the last duck le go through i lie
was commanding the Poona division	bero stand lamenting at either side of	Qf 10, had everything concerning	statue is about 33 feet in height !	door. They have the best of reasons
in Mora some years ago, vigorously	Clementina; for, you must remvber,	him which appeared in the new spa-	from the level on which tho horse	too,_=f or a < hinnman site at the
encouraged soldiers’ gardens. One	perspective in shadow pantomime exists	pCra pasted into albums, and these	stands to the crown of the King's |	door with a long bamboo rod in his
day. taking an early stroll In mufti. • only iu the minds of the audience, and	were handed over to them when they	head. The feathers in his helmet are i	hand, and tho last duck always gets
Il I | four privates rak-;the actors must keep near the curtain,	reached years of discretion. The	about 6 feet extra. There will be |	a sharp crack. It is very funny, loo,
iler “bubbles soft as brine" may be ten-	pr|„cc of Wales, however, began at	space for one or two persons to get	to see theese farmers driving their
nis balls concealed in the unfortunate’s	thc beginning, and each one of his	into the head, and for four or five in |	ducks to market. They never walk*
pocket.	children has a	newspaper tho	the
After the verse the singing stops and	citings, dating from the date of
the scene changes (the churchyard	birth. During the royal tour It was
verse is unnecessary, lacking action),	thc work of Dnc secretary to pro-
and thc hero is discovered peacefully	Mrve everv article which appeared in
«‘Ives to pantomime, but songs are in-	th colonies about tho Prince's
finitely more arousing.
her ai lles on a
If tho newspaper cutting agency not bound to secrecy they
COLOSSAL STATUE
as
he saw
ing about. Much pleased, ho remarked “Well, my men, nice thing gardening is, isn't it ? 1 see you take an interest in It ?” “Do I ?” surlily rejoined Tommy Atkins. "That's all you know îF We have got. an old general here who’s mad an \ and wo are here on fatigue duty in case he cornea along.”
SIMPLE LIFE-SAVER.
It is not generally known that when a person falls into the water a common felt hat may be made use of ns a life-preserver, and by placing tho hat upon the water, rim down, with the arm ound it, pressing it slightly to tho breast, it will bear a man up for hours.
but ride in the oddest sort of boats,
Should one swim to either side ho is quickly brought into line again by an unmistakable hint fr<mi the bamboo stidk which his mas* ries.
ducks swim ou before.
tl

The number of blast furnaces * being erected in Britain at the beginning of this year was 70. Of these 11 were being built in Scot-
e.l ways cais
journey


4L



###PAGE###8###
* ¦ ' '¦

* «
\

• V
<*0
1
E. MflRRlHS & SON’S ASVT.
HOLD UP
about forcing square pegs into round
The old saying
holes is illustrated iu almost every shoe store every
no one make of slices, how-
Midsummer
V %
; Bargains !
n minute and rend this, if your clothes
day. Feet differ, and ' • good it may be, will fit every foot.
beginning to approach a condition of
arc
Innocuous desuetude, which will make ^
it necessary to discard them. W v w*1lt
your patronage—not for one time only,
can get the
evei

Our stock is large and we pride ourselves on our T ability to fit all the types of feet that walk into |
a store.	?
but permanently* It former wc tire certain to secure the hit*
we
Why t Our stock Is so large >vv will have the kind you want. By selling so many Suits it enables us to sell ho cheap. Our fit and workmanship are all
ter.

A few pairs Ladies’ Fine Dongola Shoes ; were good value at
Now only 50 cents.
4
doubting, but go away satis-with their friends. This is a
Many customers come tied and later return satisfying Store.
right.
A. R. McGUIRE,
$1.00.

The Tailor.
M. STEWART.
Nice line of Ginghams, Flannelettes and Prints at 5c. per yd.
Main Street. Shawville.
The Barondale Veterinary Medicines.
gig Bargains,
Irresistible Prices and Fascinating Goods
NO ANTIQUES OR BACK NUMBERS
SHAWVILLE’S smallest STORE.
Dress Ducks, regular 13 and 14 cent line, now only 10c. per yd.



s

See our assorted lot of Gents’ Ties ; reg. 25c., now only 10c.
After Using
Before Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barcndale Condition Powoers.
For sale at—
O'Meara Bros’, Bryson ;
T. & D. Rousseau’s, Campbells Bay ;
J. E. Cahill’s, Calumet Island ;
We are going through our Boots and Shoes and are offering
Special Bargains. See
A few Hot Weather Specials :
*2 only Men’s Neglige Shirts, reg. 90c. for 65c. Men’s Balbriggin Underwear, 50 cents per suit.
28 only beautiful Parasols, steel shank, natural wood handles ; reg. price, $1.65, now #1.20.
; reg. 40 and 50c., now 25c.

some our Bargain Stand.
J. F. Cronau's, Ladysmith.
Wm. Moore’s, Otter Lake ;
Silas Young’s, S \s Corners.
W. H. Lucas’, Caldwell.
200 yards Summer Silk All sizes in D. & A. Summer Corsets, 25c. per pair.
All Staple Dry Goods will be found 10 per cent lower than the lowest.
Drug Store, Shawville ;
E. H0DCIN8 & SON.
that t’.ie Council
Smiley, and resolved a lj turn.
A VV MvKf.vhine,
Sec-Trmurcr.
Bristol Council.
W II Lucas, Mayor.
Minutes of regular session of the Municipal Council of the Township of I » : is i > •. hold m the Town H ill 0:1 Monday the 7th day of July. VJ02. Mayor Lucas and all the members of the board be n ; presen \
T. W. WILSON & 00.
Destruction and Death in a
Tornado.
THE FAVORITE
e pe s.—Try us in Teas and Sugars.
i I
f
Last T!
1	- til ill UStil
Oat,i
cycluu which

of i;

il ill 3c
Minutes
Moved by Coun Graham,
Ireland, and resolved, that tiw as read be adopted.	[_______________
Spoc-Sunt John Duff’s report read, tint | of its ki ¦ he had examined the r a i made by Mar luh tWang tin Kilroy, from front road to second
concession line, at or near side’iue be ville were alarmed by the appearance tween lots 25 and 26, and found the road the sky to the n >rthwcst <¦ ¦¦Hi well made and in good condition, const- Incessant electrical discharges lit up the q jcntly he had posted up notices and twilight, and vtst cloud masses were roll-closed the old road.	ing and scudding before the wind.
Moved by Co un Henderson, see by was evident that u fearful storm It Coun Graham, and rtsolved, that laid was riigtng in the immediate vicinity, report be accepted.	Neiring here the tornado took a south*
John Story, chief road inspector, re- easterly direction and passed within a ports he had visited the government road mile of the town. Those who were on rang* six, but had been advised by watching felt distinctly the hot blast from the ratepnyer not to picket out the road the cyclone as it swept with fearful veto-to the proper width until further order ». city to the southeast. The wind twisted, lie also reports that on tiie Ragged Chute tore and destroyed everything in its path road, range six, between lots three and for a space of about fifty or sixty rods in four,' he found both parties had their width, while everything in a radius of a fences too far out on the road.	mile was more or less affected.
Moved by Coun Smiley, tec by Coun Henderson, and resolved, that the Council adjourn for one hour.
Pursuant to adjournment full board
present.
Wm Thompson asks for assistance from the Council to continue the making of the Bristol and Onslow town line road northward across the 7th range of
Bratol.	,	_
Moved by Conn Graham, sec by Coun
8 niley, and resolved, that John Duff be appointed a Spec. Supfc in company with a man appointed by Onslow Council to draw up a Procès Verbal of the Rr *>‘ol and Onslow town line, from the 7th to î)*h ranges of Brist >1, and that saut I ro-Verbal be sent to the County Council for homologation. After which this council will be in a better position to grant aid to making the re ad.
Rev J A McFariano asks the Council for the use of a few benches to be taken Norway Bay during the months of July
and August.
Moved by Coun Graham, sec by Coun Smiley, and resolved, that Mr McFarlane Jbe given M2 of the benches now in the
hall for the time asktd for.
Moved by C mn Taber, sec by Coun Ireland, and resolved, that Win Moss can 1,3 pùd $3 50 for seven cedars supplied by him for his road division.
* Moved by Coun Morin, see by Coun Henderson, and resolved that road Inspector James McFüilane be instructed to deepen the drain on north side of the sixth concession line road across lot 18 upon both sidesof the rock—rock to be removed liter.
Coun Morris retired from the board.
Duncan Campbell complams that Fibar Trudeau has built his fence out on the road on fifth concession line on lot
twelve.
Moved by Coun Graham, sec by Coun Tabor, and resolved, that the difficulty of establishing a line between Duncan Campbell’s property and the public roui on the fifth concession line, lot eleven, be left in the hands of the Mayor to deal with, and whatever arrangements made by the Mayor with Mr Campbell wi;l be sanctioned by the Council,
Moved by Coun Graham, sec
uon
v 1 4 U
* it. a
V I
at
X
eater vill
V
» V
III
1,
« »
M
• * A 4
JUBILEE CHIMES
** No. 32335, A. T. R.
ü
" ' locality, wtis completely destroyed.
It is ini| ossible to estimate the damage
¦within the mark to any
v t
X \
the mem >iy of the
H.l
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
I l VI
w, but
About six p. m. the pe; p’e of Cluster- that in the townshep^of \\ imîm^er^mcn
I
f
Standard Bred arçd Registered.
Sired by HAWLEY CHIMES No. 27098. Time. 2.10. Darn, Velveteen ; time 2.31 J.
-5
I
ft
I
f the vi'lage.
As previously announced the Hull Electric railway has b’come the propelty vf the C. P. R and a new b >ard of directors h.'nbeen appointe !. Last Friday after noon Mr. C. W. Spencer, vice-president of the company, made an inspection of all the properties whLh have been thus ac-(juired. He was accmipanied by Mr. W.
H. Taylor, superintendant of the line,
Mr. H. B. Spencer and Mr. W. J.C.mp, electrican of the C. P. R. In reply to a Citizen reporter Mr. Spencer stated that the electrical department of the system is in first class order and generally speaking, the condition of the road and equipment is fai*. Immediate steps will be taken in direction of improving the whole line. Furthermore, Mr. Spencer stated the Queen’s park wou d be improved to such aimnmr is to make it second to none. It is the intention of the company to put the property in such order as to largely increase thetiavel He rtited that It is the desire of the company to carefully consider the interests of ilia cities of O.tawa and Hull and the town of Aylmer in every move in tho improvement of the system, know-
time that on such co-
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
11»
AT
by Glencoe Goldust, No. 5S23.
Jubillec Chimes will stand for the service of Marcs at Shaw ville during the season of 1902, health permitting.
Terms For the season $10, payable at time of service with privilege of return if horse Is my property. All mares at owner’s risk.
-f - • i
WAINMAN'S.

Ï1
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which wc have a variety in stock.
L. DVMAs,
At McGuire’s Hotel,
Shawville.
A picked team of the beet shots in England will compete for the Palma international trophy at llockl ffe range, Ottawa, during the D. R A. meet next month.
A story cornea from New Hampshire tha‘ the grasshoppers are bring the eum girls. One is moved t'« doubt whether the girls are green or think the peop* they are telling the story to are. The Boston Herald sagely suggests that the innocent gras hoppers mistake the girls for grass widows.
So far as heird from today the storm struck the township of Winchester, in what is known as the Ormand settlement, in the northwest corner, and tut a swath in a generd southeasterly direction across the townships, of Winchester, in Finch and Osnabrück, and is supposed to have spent its energy at the St. Lawrence. The country for miles around presents a scene of devastation and terror. Fences have disappeared and cannot be found. Dwelling houses and outbuildings were overturned and in some cases torn to pieces Daad cattle are lying here and there at almc at every farm in the centre of the storm’s path and dead, maimed and bruised beings are added tithe horror of the scene.
At the farm of Mr. John Kearns, 7'h concession, township tf Winchester, a gruesome sight met the eyes of the Citizen corresp nient. Portions of the bam lay about the premises and of the dwelling not a vestige could be found, not even a splinter or a rag gave evidence that it had once been a happy home.
The father lay in the clover field with a broken hip and otherwise terribly bruised, and near him lay his little eon, 7 years old, quite dea l. The or; se of the unfortunate evidently picked up with the house, was found against the fence. The two other children were found in the field with broken limbs and terribly bruised but at ill living.
A fine hardwood bush, the property of Mr. J. Coyne, adjoining the Kearns property, presenting a woeful appearance Maples, elms and oaks were torn from their roots, twisted, broken andsp intered Msny instances of narrow eicapea being reported.
At the residence ot M. S. Grady h concession, Winchester, a narrow escape occurred. J »hn Clark, the mother, and four children were in theitable ak milking time, when the barn oollapflsd over them. Clark escaped through a porii n of the roof and getting an axe cut a way to the imprisoned family, all <f whom were got out safely, except one girl who was bad y injured.
The residence of Harmon Shaver, 9th concession of the township of Winchester by Conn | one of the most solid brick houses in this
/\ full line of Stove Furnishings,
mer
/*
le
Agateware,-Tinware, Etc.
j
1
G. E. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
I
The empire coronation banquet at the Guildhall was attended by over <100 including colonial premiers and Indian
Sir Wilfrid Laurier made a
ing at the mime operative laris the interests of the rail-y will ba fostered. The work of ;m-prnvement will commence at once a id will include the roadbed, building! indcara
p. g — Highest price for Sides and Pelts.
<
t
wa
princes.
speech on the prosperity of the Empire. | ; But Premier Bait n, of Australia, went right to the point and declared that an imperial aollverein, bisedan free trade throughout the empire, was at present utterly impo. ible.
i
c
C6K
John W. Mackay Dead.
f
t
SAN FRANCISCO MILLION. I IE DIED IN LONDON SUNDAY NIGHT.
London, July 20 —John W. Mackay,
of Sanfrancisco, who hie been suffering from heat prostration since TuetJry last, died at his residence on Carlton House terrace at half-past six o’clock this evening.
49
THE
YEARS Last May Jas. Boss marketed the first
Gold Filled Watch Case that the world and for 49 years the world has failed produce a case to even equal the Jas^Boss Case.
f
Tbe U. S. battleship Illinois ran aground in the harbor of Chriitiania the other day f.nd will have to go to England t> be docked. The accident should teach the Unitad States that a navy is a pretty helpless organization unless it has repair and coaling facilities handy. If the Illinois had Inen on awatlike mission she would have had an axful 1 ng journey before her to reach a dockyard. Ti ore is only one navy in the world that is well equipped.
i
C
t i
A co
J
I
0
had ever seen
i,
a
to
Mr. Mackay was regarded as one r»f the richest men in the we'd A close personal friend and former confidential secretary of the late Mr. Mackay maya he does not think Mr. Mackay knew within twenty million dollars of whatho was worth
H
c
I
Come in and let us tell you all about them and show you the signs by which you may know them. We are sole agents for Shawville.
Ontario is rot t) bo judged by its party newspaper*, or politics would be the principal product of thislong suffering province. The general elections are no sooner over than the recounts begin. The election triali follow the recounts,and the bye-elections follow the elections. Politics is
that, as played in Ontario interests of about five
t>
Whistling in Church.
ir
e'
One of the “attractions’ nfc the Lexing-Avenue Baptist Church, New York, on Sunday morning, was a whitting solo by Miss Traux, who whistled Schumann's “Traumerei,* and am an e icore after the service, “The Mocking Bird, with variations. At the* veiling aervice Mima Truax whittl'd the “Flower Song.’ The Church does move, beyond question !—
Yet there are hundreds of churches in which it is said the pastors have to whis-t’e for their salaries. If the popularising of the church ret vice goes on at this rate, there will soon 1»> a tierce rivalry between Qet yOUP Job Printing ttt the h uses of worship and 4 other places of amuiemeLt.’’—Montreal «Star.
cl
ton
are
u
o
tt
:: WHYTE ::
a game
touches the HHHIHHBpBIH
I er cent, of the people. But this five per cent of office holders and office hunters, of corporation attorneys and franchise grabbers, make more noiee than the 95 per cent who work at industry, initead of pitying at politics.—Toronto Tele-
m
II
li
t*J

THE WATCHMAKER
- . Shawville.
in
hi
Opposite Pontiac House,
f
gram.
as
W
The Equity.
fi
\

JBSSm






