###PAGE###1###

\
*

T •
SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
Vol. XVI, No. 51.
P. Q.,
THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 1899.
I
f. —SUBSCRIPTION :
Un# Dollar a Year In advance

“THE EQUITY”
BANK OF OTTAWA
Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
THE SPARLING CASE.
llg
’ ,v,lfle»ien—-See our shirts, colllars m il i; new lmcs just in I
FlouVT y°U tried Dowde “ High Loaf1
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.00 por Annum.
—0—
Advertising rates made known on applies* tlon.
Vi»; you aware, ’ i{uu8tiun<*<l Dr.
Jury fail to find a Verdict yZ\in,S“SSiS	"ndut
and are Discharged.
Head Ofllcc Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,.000,000.00
. 11,170.000.00
ties
J. 11. Shaw

“ N
Heat
said lu
I, ¦ ¦ That accounts for her being in such a hurry to empty this pail each time.”
“ ^ hat condition did you consider him in f ” asked Mr. Gordon.
“ A very serious and dangerous one,
<>n the resumption of the Sparling case |	( lu	n®fure of the drug.”
Wednesday morning last, Mr. John . J K ^olî ^ ,,^IU deceased the condi* Strutt, magistrate, gave evidence to the rlo/J , uas 1,1 •
f’uthheH.nn r r L ,	I effect that Steele and deceased came to L 1 ,llJ not prepared to swear, hut I
another	.?rahan\ h?vo, ^ceived him to have a warrant issued for the ar- ^	\ d,,dL. I
îîh TK COn|iK^ent of choice fur* rest of Mrs. Murray. After this, wit- I asked him/ continued Dr. Knox, nuure. Ihcy can please yon.	| ness had a conversation with prisoner in	th*™*uy one lie suspected that
I he Shawville Marble and Gran-1	presence of Steele and deceased in	d'» the deed
lb. AIa*.	Dronripinr ^lu Steele house. He had given them a I „ wou. < n r iHlt 11	,ny w*fe to do
- |P 1 jecture on the way they should live as lHO\ the answer
o hy did you suspect your wife ? "
Board of Director» :
Charles Magee, Esy., President. George Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
Ho*. Geo. Rrybom, Jr Alex. Phaser, Ehq ,
See those handsome baby carriages at d express wagons at Outhbertson & Ora. ham s. They are beauties.
Caterpillars are very numerous in Que
ulu A	ago trains were stopped
by them. They were said to be
than a foot deep on the track.
A New Trial will be Necessary,
hi:j»okt ok the end of the thial.
Correspondence of local interest solicited from all parts of the country.
birth, Marriage and Death Notices
inserted free; but obituary lines, or “poetry” I GEORGE 1WRN
will be charged at tbe rate of 8 cents per line	FINNIC
money toaccompauy themauuserlptlnevery	A GENERAL RANKING BUtilNEtiti
CftHO.	I	TRANSACTED.
John Mathrr, K»-q.. Da vu» MacLarf.k, h»*.,
Dennis Murihy, Esq.
on
General Manager, .. .. Manager
more
J. A. COW Ay, Publisher.
Drafts issued on all Banking notais In the Domln-United States and Great Britain.
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at carrent
rates.
Ion
W. W. IRELAND,
ite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor | turnsout a superiorclass of work in Mon	,	-
uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason- !n!in J,in< W1*f* Deceased was willing to
ft 1)10
Seme of fl and upwards received Li Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Flours—10 a. m. to 3p. m to p. m.
Clerk of the District Magistrate*' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
let things drop und be reconciled to Ironed Dr. Knox
afternoon.	'	°"	,j”h "fL'ar 1 ing.6’^Witness” hid been' at he started vomitting and purging, and
A grand concert will be held at Bretz- the Steele house on the night of Spar- [* ,	1. *ay a11	Me also
laffa hall, Vpper Thorne Centre, on the hng’s death, and also on the morning after	bad burning taste in his mouth,
evening of Friday, June Kith Door* wben be WIW Pftris green “ where it had /; ..we wer® diking, said Dr. Knox, open at 7. 30, p. m. Performance he.	been thrown out of the window.”	John	hlfi wde	11}U) the room and walked
-	$6	000	000	I Kina at b o clock. Entrance, usual fee.	Steele had called his attention to it.	around,	and then without saying	any-
9	}	TTi«rn?r>fn	Witness here identified the dying state- thing went out again. We talked for
. lERTAKING.—The undertaking !,ient which he and Mr. Lang had taken I neary forty nnnutes. equipment of ( uthbertaon & Graham is down. It was on his own judgment that I * visited him again that night about second to none in the district, and all	he decided to take the dying statement,	^no clock. Dr. Lyon was there. Dr.
order* receive prompt attention at mod-	In some cases he considered it his duty	Ly°n ^ fco PumP <mt the stomach. I
KHill l ll I v KDivcu	8rate char8e».	to give advice to married people.	dldn1ofc wa,nt 1 thought the case was
VILLE BKAM Ifv	,	iffninii TPUTti«nMV	hopeless, but I acquiesced. I thought
Money	loaned on approved	eecurity	at	. î L 1 Church Social. — The T, u m „	,	*	the case	was so far gone that it was	use-
reasonable	rate*.	ladle* of Si. PauVe Church, will hold a Dr* H\ T Hurdman, coroner,	next	less. We pumped the contents of	the
L armer* note* bought and collected.	garden social on the ground* in front of sworn’ that he had made a sketch of stomach out into a dish and requested
Money transferred to all part*of the world. Shaw Cottage, Shawville, on Wed- tbe Hur™undings of the Steele house in John Steele and his wife to preserve tho
nee day, the -1st inat. A cordial invita-1 v awvdJe and stated that the pump in	I contents but they did not. The contenta
.	i	i-AcrQoli«ntH °P«nedfor amount* of	one dol-	tlon 18 extended to alb	the garden was 17 feet from the window	vf the stomach had at first a	greenish
Euchere Laderoute, in the employ of J.	the window. The weeds on which he saw	ing. She also washed the floor and
R. Booth, was drowned at the Cascade* on	Pans Kreen were about four feet out from	dow where the spots WÊÊÊ
Hr	î	F	TA nn A D'D	Î	n	0	nno	I	Boots	and Shoes.-—We easily	lead in	the Schyan River. The unfortunate man	j10 ®id<r of tbe hoU8e- Tlie contents of	The symptoms all pointed to	arsenical
DI.	J.	L.	lAuunal,	L. U. U«,	U.U.U,.	this line,	largest, newest and best «took	wra8 ?bout L,) year* of age and a resident	the brain and stomach were sent to Dr.	poison, said thedeefier. It was	His pru-
------ ' in County.	J H Khaw	^ Westmeath.	I,VaUeef of Quebec, on October 3rd. fessional opinion then as now that the
mr	pi	*	* •BICa»fo/i, r>	_	There were also sent the leaves on which deceased died of arsenical poison.
z:::z fsbgispl
3iF“........— ». a.h„ lld.	^	1 ^
fence erected around hia premise* 0n 81,11 about two week * driving to do 0n 8tated that the body was fairly well nour- dav
CEO. C. WRICHT,|-"1»"«'	JgZ2T S&nJ£‘STSttU **• *•*$««»i*™*,
Messrs. Ad. and Ralph Hodgin*, began	,	I probably due to the presence of some ir- *nornin8 Dr. Knox was subjected to a
the brick veneering of Mr. Thomas	Wib	. I weather for the past week	or *o	ritating substance. Witness was present	i®nlaild searching examination by *'
*on a house. Main Street, last week.	hae been of a verJ changeable and	uncer-	when the body was exhumed for the pur-	McDougall, the evidence adduced dealing
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.) Wanted—a good .mart Vr	ta*n "atnre- For v.ar^efy «e have had pose of obtaining some other parts which cbiedy wif‘1 fbe nature of aî?eniiC and ,
“Vff--is& *°	X :r p::;
---	3	uvhh u. ELLIOTT. I a result crops generally are in excellent der of the liver, and Dr. Vallee’s letter eftect of measles, which he admitted
JAS. HOPE & Co.	Wo understand the ladies of P* pauva condition, and bid fair to an abundant after the analysis had stated that the ex sometime» proved fatal, and that it was
XTanüf,acturino stationers,BOOK8EL church have decided to held their a-mi al	"arve8t#	amination had proved entirely negative,	P^sdde a patient affected by them might
rti.	Gardeü S0°ial on the 21«t inst.	The member, of Pontiac Lodge	A. F.	* there was no arsenic in those parts.	g^KTontlltli on'inZ %:
pnsmglylo. price,, yu.ht, con.idered. ^Z,^%l"dt\t,To^ionto^^	hadr^keS Mr. parts were,^ked, to Dr. Vallee.
V «>1< I on.	„	DR. LYON IV THE BOX.
ippssp
fermg from too much moi.ture.	ceed r,°.m ‘he window near the west	cor. “ What did Steele	call	for	then,”	was | nlade the remark that things	were cleaned
i j ,* e.far#* B-alph Hodgin¦	&	Sons	dropping about thirty feot from the	win-	doctor to come.”	Mr. McDougall here stood	up and ag^m
aid the work.	dow behind the counter where clerk R. " Then. " continued Dr. Knox, “ Steele j,,mde ? bj™al. P^eet against the admis-
Mr. John Wainman ia makina nrnnftra Mitchell waa standing. All eyes were took me into his kitchen and showed me 710.n of t ,ie.(‘ying declaration of Sparling tions to build a house on hi* lnt	"	hurriedly directed to the window, which	some paris green which he could not ^	being admitted, as it had not been	yet
ing his present residence on Picksnock	revealed an oblong hole,	nearly in the	e .unt for being there.”	proved, as the law nMjuired, that the	deStreet.	centre of the lirge plate glass. C«(ser Mr. McDougall here rose and made a ceased thought he was dying. The court
Ti i> . .	.	examination showed that	the hole must	strong statement that	illegal evidence i not ^ lts way c*oar f»f sustaining	the
ie t resby tenan congregation	of	Up-	have been made by a .30	or .32 bullet,	was constantly going in.	Thejudge agreed |	0,,Ject,on-
jyr if vv h* j, ve el^en^cd a call to evidently discharged by a rifle; but very with him that the statement that Steele j “ I laid my hand, ” continued Dr, ev. Ir. NVhilhans, who has been filling strange to say, no one heard the report could not account for the poison was ille- Lyon, u on the stomach of the man.” He e appointments since Rev. Mr.	Black's	of a firearm, or no one seems to	have	gal, and ordered that	it	be	struck	from '¦ *&id :	4 It is very «ore,’ and	didn’t want
resignation.	been on the street at the time. The	bn’-	the evidence.	j me to touch him.”
Come and inspect our stock of mac11- seems to have struck the window Mr. Gordon here asked several ques-1	“ What else did he say ? '
nery of all kinds. NVe have just the k d dia8onaPy from a southwesterly direction, tions tending to show what Sparling said |	“ 1 told Dr. Knox we had better insert
of goods to suit the farmer and thev ^ which admits of an open range for sev- about his wife but they were all ruled the stomach tuht* to see if we could find consequently going like hoi cakes ^ B^ eral hundred yards, but this is not cer- out. After a great dial of time it waa anything. I did not have any hope in the swim and secure the best ^	6 tain as the bullet could not be located brought out that the deceased had asked | though that the man would recover.”
anywhere inside	of the building	after	his wife what made her so anxious to	4‘	Is soreness of the stomach a symptom
...	diligent search	had been made.	The	throw out the vomit so soon. She said °f arsenical poisoning ? "
e have	to	acknowledge	with	thanks	buliet penetrated	the glass Shout C feet 6	she didn't like the smell of it.	V	Ves, said Dr. Lyon
from	Mr.	McCuaig,	provincial	game	inches above the	floor level, and	must j When the witness went in lie saw traces I “	Then, he continued
This hotel will be found fully equipped	k(eePerj tlie receipt of a copy of Fish and	have passed very close to the heads of	of paris green in the pail, and said to J	sparling for a basin, and she went	down
for the accommodation of the public gener	irame Laws of the Province of Quebec,	some of the parties who were in the store	Sparling :	to get it. Mr. Steele then brought	u
“bue me et * V all* t r • In* *. ™ PJ o od "liver Tin	prtnted m a neat and convenient form,	at the time. The mystery which yet re-	44 Have you been taking paris green ?”,	tin basin, and a jug of hot water,
connection.	m h(,tfl tl,e French and English lan-	mains unfathomed is where did it come	“ No,” answered Sparling, “it would	Sparling did not come beck.”
Ladies and gents bicycle* kept lorhlre, guagvs.	from and by whom fired ?	J be the last thing I would think of do-1	Continued on pa je S.
Saturday 10 a.m.
SHAWVILLE - -
QUE.
)
i
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
F. T. M. C.
(Iradiintc of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
J. H Armstrong's House, MAIN STREET - - 8IIAWVILLE.
07 CANADA.
Ill
CAPITAL
Orna and Residence
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
WM. GAMBLE,
Head Office, . Montreal.
BARRISTER, Ac.,
169 Main Street,.....
H ÜLL.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office-over G. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main St.

HAVINGS BANK

Court Shawville
No 276.
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren UiaTly Invited.
O
LO.F
z
/
Office Hours . Saturdays . .

i
L.B.C
i
cor*
tmd (General*
J. A. Cowan,R S.
morn win
H. 8. Barnett, F.B
Hugh Hobbs, c. R
were
I
Corner of Bank and Wellington Streets,
OT Special attention given to appointments made by maiL
' OTTAWA

I

will visit Shawville every Monday
She said. “ I know nothing of it."
The court adjourned at 6. 30 for the

.1
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
230 Main St
Mr
•• Hull,Que
its
St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs. Peter Bromley, of Fairview, Okonogann, Co., B. Colomb a, is at present on a visit to her father's, Mr. Joe. Brownlee, of Radford.
St Paul's Church. The hour will be C o’clock.
m9
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation ways well furnished	m
First-class Livery Attached
PONTIAC HOUsp
wrap
mm
%
m
mW*



?


«
A. Smiley

SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL,
PROPRIETOR
l asked Mrs
# #


up i
\ :


<
i
i


• f
V./




.
j
###PAGE###2###
t
(i Un attention to the délicat * ¦jHiutive ur shown by
'¦aw
Vincent < aha ding of th
and everything b.-vowe
though u
-MUM
u„,-w «. Him.	i in id I h.- ui.vM.nl .Highu	,Cr in', hv	Vonl's Thral rr lliwr
==5ES F^agr^H	I
E'iTtr;::"'Ewr-îffias
P . .-nom and wh. n no 1 murderer standing on the I rap-dont. u.d viuiself are there the Mark cap being drawn over cm,!* their mines and head before the execution, may grnu-md sit gazing into are about the future ; but you and l
aflame in confessing sour
waves crouch
smooth and burnished as 1 gj life ha* been tossed and drive .	¦ ¦¦
vug
Il II
and
look
da Irait-iliitiid
The fitst indicate» a a tid inquii iug us at a the second indicates a know-0, rather the lack of it. dinned ,,n spii itual fellowship ami affinity, an inward, conscious, sure conviction of
in ¦ id* Miiy	.	, ,
Why wee pest thou? Jenus
of ih-
of I h
vo
THE KILLING OF STEM
"knew.
steadfast
I
ing down at last to an in which t here was
w“i7
I against
n une.
KKV
tin
I
heavena
saw euch an one days against poverty abuse. They traduced his They rattled at the du *r I o tie was dying, with duns lot - •"	vsu
could not pay; yet the I”'“''' ''.	,
brooded over his pillow, an " 1
world faded, heaven dawned, an « *	M.„M,
deepening twilight of eai ' V \,f M«ry was only the opening 1 >x 1 '*	soul son
heaven a morn. Not a	aig » •	whit h have io h p *; for, as their Savina struggle. Jlush! Stephen	'l''«TM	ioat who died is risen again, even so
[ have not the far Uy «" U1 lh m „| 0 which sleep in Jesus will weather. I could not have told y» oo I bring with him Churum. ^up-day that this would he, a day “ ‘	posing him to be the
anl darkness. I can nevei t-	i.t„ who else would he at this hour in
the > et tin r sun whether there v t	| t stihuiban garden Î if thou hast
a drought or not. I cannot r ,	him hence, these are the words
the blowing of the wind	w he tie	vf liniil, j,. ,pi at her than despair. If
will be fair weather or	1 ""	.	,	it \H th - gardener whs» has removed the
Hut 1 can prophecy, *,!‘1 lvin,j„.s of her Lord, then it was at
"m1	least a friendly removal. Tell me
'	J,	I where th u Inst l .id him. and I will
,he take him
an
ro-
15
I’he People Would Not
ft Tigris
),Hi* peats 1 he
i In »i 11«	,	,	..
,ls which Jesus Spoke after, his remil w e m IV well ml* 11" '-t [ hing more t ban t he
que i i"'i
the fusi recorded of the
s he
1> llii m Pwjop Show» Hve , inure* <>* Vrnr
hui rvet um
i h« in to in‘an hoim
wh oh they immediately convey to
forth let no believing i i he dead, a a Other»
i
A despatch from Washington says —Rev. Dr. Ta Image preached from
following
heavens opened, and the Son of Man
the right hand of (out.
Il II
aliout his spirit
l’h
the
Behold t «ce
eut
wei
m tkv ; ht e < r* one but fiod you distinct ly Hat en. and wai
standing «m
Then they cried out with a loud voice and stopped their ears, and ran ui	heaven^B
•u him with one accord, and cast him	p,ia9	now.	and	see ^epben	look-	^	vu,_	You #rp
out of the city, and stoned turn, •	iug upon	t 111 |sl, "	•	'	¦	.	*	ivin,i	There	is within you a soul.
culling upon God and saying :	hoid	tim,, n( Christ	s.»>s.	dv"'uL	I i ruth	that	1 stand before	ao muny m
.no, her annoy.
-	....SH-2 SEBur-.......................................................................................................................................
ni i lie ii t luist on t ai , . will open to receive it? NX hat cloud K ..	T*» rk in x the P‘ low ti m p, (in,,Unc,*d her sin forgiven. Our
.	r‘ml	j,eir	will be cleft for its pathway? Alter , vour	<| v | n ^	lient	Christ	vl	l.onl,"	says	Hislr¦ *|>	Andrews,	'Vp-ns.
to knock heaven. Look l I here	He is	it has got beyond the light	oi our huh, f,	.	' darkness w'l	,r"	<>ut	her ears	lii -t in I her eyes afterward. ’
they rushed the Lamb of God. t’an you 111,1	will there be torches lighted fur it the 1	*	. th.-n* nmv ho no hand to w;, i t h tin • Inm, ii bb, ni. "Sailli unto
f ,.e City, Him? Then pray to God to lake u res( ()f the way? Will the soul have r	„vrH ;m t no hreast on ,li|n in Hebrew, Uubboni." Revised
Stephen out of the i'. u - v	. scales off your eyes. Ujok ihu XN >'	to	travel through lung dewerts	beiore ,	Voiir	dving	he id.	and	no	\ vlsl	n	,	G ,1	lean	Aramaic	phrase,
ami With curse, and whoop, ant l- t|.y to look that way. His voice cv •	{i	reaches the good land? Ii we	rhuuld	r'	.&ie	light,	the	odors	«f	which is	to s.iv,	Master,	And	there-
mmàwmm
seeing that ha was not yet dead, ih „ ys gllllviei| lhti Uabyhmsh nobles to	lt The lightnings are not	swift | Stephen ash « p
began to drop stones upon him, atone |jj8 table; Geoige I entertained < u‘	enough lu take up with it. When tin
.ft v	c	nnp	stone niter stone Amid i Lords of England at a	banquet ;	Napo-	&l)Ui leaves the body it	takes fifty
afiu	stone,	atone	*.eohen I Icon 111. we.c mud the Czar	of	Lus-	wurldâ at a u ,uml. And	| have n
thb horrible rain of nussths » 1 #ia anit (ht. Sultan of Turkey to Ins anxivlv ahuut n { UiUe you no nnxi-
olambvis upon his knees and touts u teasi ; hut tell me, ye who know inu.s:	t ide, when the house is all quite, you
hunls while the blood drips from his c£ Hie woild's history, what other k:ng j0 with my body when my soul is gone,
-	•• » **¦ _t* 1s sssur tts rrsrç
to hi> ga i m n s, tiom lus ga	'	cast, to com i and sit down beside him. well in a wrapping of sackcloth as in
th*4 ground; and then, looking up. he Q wonderful invitât! n ! A uu c m gatin lined eagle's down
for buns if take	to-day. stand at the goul—before l
Lord Jesus, head of the darkest alley in all thus morning x will find out where it idling. No one can mi
city, and sty:	"Cornel Clothes for	going to land. Thank God for the	mure than five
yuui rags, salve for your sores, a	intimation of my text, that when we	Therefore we stoi
Lord, lay not this sin to their	throne tor your eternal reigning." A	die Jesus takes us that answers all	-lu.-der of Divine
for his	assailants.	Christ that talks like that, and acts	questions for me. What though there	gaging inm he.iveti
,	.	... i_ue	idnod he	like tint, and pa rd ms like that—do	Wt5rf, nmssive bars between here and	:lt Christ; Stephen	st'-ned ; S
lhcn, fioni pain at < l -	you wonder that Stephen slots! look-	the city of light, Jesus could remove | hj8 dying prayer' Stephen ;
swo med away	and fell asleep. •	ing al xiim ? 1 hope to spend eternity	them. What though there
1 want to show you* to-day five pic- ! doing the same thing. 1 must see	gIeat Saharas of darkness, Jesus could
heaven. Him. 1 must look upon that face once	illumine th m. What though 1 get
clouded with my sin, but now radi nt	weary on the way, Christ could lift me
with my pardon. 1 want to touch that	un Xfis omnipotent shoulder. What
Stephen in his dying prayer.. hafll, ^at knocked off my shackles. 1	though there were chasms to cross	p	.
want to hear that voice which pro-	His hand could transact rue. I hen |	NI	r hNAT.QNAL LLSSQN. JUNL	II
ri™, ,.»k .v s,.rh.. g.,.., ut.	rsss
Beiore you take a leap v> scorc years ant[ ten, you will see noue H may be in that hour we will be too want to know	where you are going	to	so f^r. j3ehohl llim, ye aged ones, for	feeble to say a long prayer. It may
land Before	you climb a ladder you	lie only can shine through the dimness	be in that hour we will not be able to
t. win	su*l«8s? sxiZmX
reaches. And it was right that ^ # meut when all the nations of the	too feeble even to say the infant J s* p	1 h	r
Stephen, within a few moments of saVed shall gather around Christ l All	prayer our mothers taught us
hearen should be gazing into it. We ; faces that way. All thrones that way,	which John Quin.y Adams, seventy
would all do well to be found in the gazing, gazing on Jesus.	put hiThead 'u.'.on ' his“ p. low:“
there is enough m .<His worthf if all the nations knew,
A 111 Sure the whole earth would love him
too."
gnrdenef
no
nnxietv about where we are going i“
not all bod) l see i t
i
.soint

morrow
I prophesy, whu wt when >ou, the Christ am is You may have il ver> a | nviy he this week one
III.
, cu m rough,H >w
annoyance, •t». It may
Her sympathy out-She cuuhi nut take him a way, hut sliu has a half feeling lint bin poor 1»mI y is in m «ne body » nd there is not the slightest re-
way
runs her sense
be
the next t his
voice
sir row, but now hho spoken in the
Hornet unes they dared, with some plain of righteousness—kill him. to silence this man
now
preacher the only
i
you st will novel
i
i
see
v\ as
way
the hr eat h out of him
>u
sumptntn
Vhis command
Couch n
is not mu hard tu explain Isold's vxi I m ti n of it. n »( yut ascended tu my Father verb for "touch" pi ini trily means "it
and i h foi r " Couch me m t r moan (’ling nut to me. hull t. l)r. \ invent interpret!
Mttry Dim' <lie
1
as is our For l have The
peaci
fasten to
A^l-'ep in Jesus, hie s at sleep,
From which none e • er v\ : :
V calm and undisturbed rei Fninjured by I he 1 isi «>
Asleep in Jesus, far from thee Thy kindred and t heir g But i heie is still
From which none e erwaUe to weep
nut
V- to weep
pede no it ns e '
se
! tiling n i v is mi taken in su; p sing the <11 re Inlions le tween her a hout tu be renewed course by in in touch o «h nt ver
foes
Lord i'll 1 horsell . The old inter-t sight, sense, and gain go on. "Henceforth communion with Christ will l>e by faith through the Spirit, and this
i < o me pœ i le
through my ascending to the Father." "The least n to Christians is that they ,, e	.pu u must learn to exalt and spiritualize
< o ,ti, n looking even their love for Christ, not lower-
inn in ing il to the scale, of earthly affections.”—Churton. In place of "my Fa i hr” the lie vised Version, following ih“ best texts, omits the pronoun, and reads, "the Fa her," whic h emphasize# t h t beauty of the last part or the verse. Go *to my brethren. 1 he
huddering eleven to iped up in
I	n<1 unto my
r. The Father
ilia fatherhood ia onw that,tre-
The intimation
ves may be d sleep,
hies
uut my Ih.s house this
You haw seen enough for 1 u
sfulix <
moi n
x .mTie
day. n t he
in kvs two prayers,—one
xx,II
ce m in union
uni one for his murderers receive my spirit;" that was for him
p.et lires m a », having > <
Sc If
that xx as
charge;
1
levp
we n
lilt SUNDAY SCHOOL
tines. Stephen gazing Ste phen lo -King at^ Christ, stoned
into
Stephen
their
l
io in <m prayer Father, and your Fat hoi of all. 1
la tes io all humanity, is that the resurrection is really the
beginning of th
io a shamed to call us "brethren." 'io my Go l. and your God. The privi-original It gos of constant communion with
or con- Col, which you have watched me for
much
Stephen asleep
11 f ». l.old. ii
•< hrlsl KUrii." Juliii
Text. I l oi.
heaven
•s •.» >.
NO I KS
lie is
phacticat
Verse 11. Mary sto >d with »ul at the
association
I he te nse of ill
is imperfect, "was s audio ^
,inu <1 standing a ter t lu- two disciples had gout a way.	Weeping, in
a. oay of tears. As she wept, she >’o pcd down, and look* d in <» h * s« p-ulch r
i
three years enjoy, are yours as mme.
111 lh. Mary Magdah ne came
disciples
as
and
Literally, That she had Revised Ver-
satile posture
heaven to keep us gazing of large wealth may have statuary in the hall, and paimiuga in the sitling-ro m and works of art in all parts of the house, but he has the chief picture ; stoned H tn th.* art gallery, and there, hoar ed to get rid of good men after hour, you walk with catalogue life is an assault upon
tnd glass aiid ever increasing admira- Out with Stephen through the g
Lion. Well, heaven is the gallery of the city. Down with him over the ¦ • .
¦1! 11* *1
si ebb” see
UP into au arch for the hosts to march gilrd or a dolt. If a steamer makes asleep. With a pathos and >mpltc.ty under They keep step to the sound rapid progress tnrcugh the waves, the peculiar to i lie bcilptuies, « fi Df earthquake and the pitch of aval- watei will boil and foam all around says of Stephen:	He fpl\V*
inche from the mountains, and the it, JJrave soldiers of Jesus Christ will O, you say, what a place that w flag they bear is the flame of a con- hear the carbines click. When I see to sleep! A hard rock under him. mining world, and all heaven turns a m,n with voice, and money, and in- stones falling down upon him. the blood put with harps and trumpets and my- fluence, all on the right side, and streaming, the mob howling What riad-xoiced acclamation of angelic dom- ! Bt me caricature him, and some sneer place it was to sleep! And yet n > Inion to welcome them1 in, and so the at him, and some denounce him, and ( text takes that symbol of Inm >ei kings of the earth bring their honour men who pietend to be actuated by describe his departure, so sweet, was ind their glory into it. Do you right motives conspire to cripple it, so contented was it, so pvacvfn
ÎS.K CÈ51& e-i-st tv M-non sul wvxjzta %
hive a great many friends there. tiee a mm in some great moral or re- been to care for the poor. How many There is not a man in this house to- ; lig.ous reform battling against grog- loaves of bread he distributed, how day so isolated in life hut there is shops, exposing wickedness in high ; many bare feet he had sandaled, bow 6om* one in heaven with whom he once places, by active means trying to pun y many cots of sickness and distress be shook hands. As a man gets older, the Church and better the world s blessed with ministries of J indness an 1 the number of his celestial acquaint- estate, and I find that the newspapers love, I do not know; but from the way inces very rapidly multiplies. We I anathematize him, and men, even good he lived and the way he preached, and lave not had one glimpse of them since m*»n, oppose him, and denounce him, the way he died, I know be was a a-he night we kissed them good-by and because, though he does good, he does borious Christian. Hut that is a 1 hey went away; but still we stand not do it in their way, I say: "Stephen over now. He has pressed the cup to razing at heaven. Ad when some of atoned." The world, with infinite the last fainting lip. He has taken iur friends go across the sea, we stand suite, took after John Frederick Cher- the last insult from his enemies, the m the dock, or on the team-tug, and nn, and Robert Moffatt, and Paul and laat stone to whose crushing weight <vatch them, and after awhile the Stephen of the text. Hut you notice, be jH susceptible has been hurled lulk of th*t vessels disappear, and then my friends, that while they assaulted Stephen is dead! The disciples com*1 here is only a patch of sail on the him they did not succeed really in kill- | They take him up. They wash away iky, and soon that is gone, and they jng him. You may assault a good ; the blood from the wounds. They ire all out of sight, and yet we stand man, but you cannot kill him. On the j straighten out the bruised limbs, looking in the same direction; so when day uf his death, Stephen spoke be- They brush back the tangled hair our friends go away from/ us into the fore a few people in the Sanhedrim j from the brow, and then they pass future world we keep looking down this Sabbath morn ug be addresses all around to look upon the calm counten-th'ough the Narrows, and gazing and Christedom 1 Paul tbJ Apostle stood on .ince of him who had lived for the g tzing as though we expected that Mars Hill addressing a handful of phi- poor anq died for the truth. Stephen they would come out and stand on losophers who knew not so much about '|eepI j have seen the sea driven soin» evening cloud, and give us one science as a school girl of Packer In- with tj,e hurricane until the tangled gl.mpse of their blissful and trans- alitute or a school boy of the Poly- foam caught, in the rigging, and wave figured faces. While you long to | technic. To-day he talks to all th» rising above wave seemed as if about loin th ir companionship, and the millions of Christendom about	| to storm the heavens, and then I
Lars and the days go with such wonders of justification and the glories faave	the tempest drop, and the
tedium that they break your heart, 1 Qf resurrection. John Wesley was
old
he
"Now I lay me down i o sleep.
I pray the Lord my soul to ke p
'vum ;ih telling, seen the Lord HHH
aion, " 1 have seen the Lord here the value of pu iso ual testimony.
ill. The same day at evening, being I he first day of the week. Hetween this incident and the last come the appearance of our Lord tu the two disciples going to Etonians Luke 24. 13-32, and • oly, and sh bad cause viviigh tor His appt; trunee to 1‘eter, Luke Cl. 34;
«•	»» .............< •¦£r„ih.5'iSrsm ’xx?
h r sorrow was to linger near the frum vcrge 1, a3 if to remind his read-pi.uv wht re she had seen him laid. The era of the first consecration uf the "sepulcher" was doubtless a ma g ni- Lord's Day, as it is now called. When
“™,—.........................
rock, but with an entrance uf masonry, t hey had been closed and barred. The and probably architect urally beaut i- word " assembled " should be omitted, ful. Our Lord, in fulfillment of pro- Came Jesus and stood in the midst. Sil-
*7 ...................z'l
death; h:s eniombm-nt was costly moQ greeting in the Orient, but mean-and magnificent, like that of the an- ing immeasurably more from the ii]* oient k.ngs.	of the	Lord. _ .	,
12 x"h' Hrholdeth. Two angels.	“ Antici|“lHK theil
J an dues not h it as much about ang- doubts. Every wound was precious t4 els as do th oth *r evangelists. in them, although it is not likely < ha* white. The color of the garments of they understood, even to the idtie de^
-¦*....................... e.
a nee of eternity.” The one at the disciples glad when they saw the Lord head, and the oilier at the feet, where See John 16 22. the body of Jesus had lain. On the table or slab where those who anoint-	HIGII SPEED,
ed him had left his remains.	Records for high speed in exprès
13.	Woman, why wee pest thou ? Why train service hive been made on h rem 1 should she not weep ? The angels railroads lately, showing an average o might have told her, hut she was to 64.5 miles per hour, including stop*
by an apparition which under or din-	e8L
ary circumstance* would have overwhelmed her. They hive taken away my Lord, and 1 know not where they have laid him. She had no hope of added life, for she had seen him die, and had known of his burial ; but that his body should be stolen was a new grief. Her one great desire is to recover that body.
14.	She turned herself back. "We can imagine, also, that she became conscious of another presence, as we often feel the approach of a vbutor without distinctly seeing or hearing him. It raiy be, too, that the angels, looking tow ard the Lord, showed some I VERY sign of hi* coming.”—Westcott. Sow Jveus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus. Here was some one about to address her. but who he was her agony of soul led her not to inquire. Dr.
epuleher
a s io id lime, foil-wing Peier and John. It her faith was weak, her love
1
Sh * h ni oiu t
Notice
feeble to einpl >y
We may i-e to either of these fa mi .ar forms; b.ii this prayer ol Stephen is h> short, i-io concise, is so earnest, is so com prehen si ve, we surely will be able o
Lord Jesus
O, if that prayer is answer
1 p«as on now, and look at Stephen The world has always want-
Their very
wickedness.
lies
She could not he com-
Wilb SUOIlg
oiled, for she believed that some indignity had been o.fervd lo her Lord’s
that
receive my
the
3UST SUITED HER.
think she looks very high t«
I don t| ||
marry a clerk.
Oh, hut ' he was found him at the bargain counter
She
irresistible
DIDN’T WANT TO TALK SHOP Accepted Suitor. And now
“‘she1. ‘a* te1ephon.bagirin Oh" mere, me! lets don’t talk shop
dearest,
SELDOM VISITS THE NURSERY.
De Style. Has your baby cut
now, J
M rs
teeth yet?
Mrs Ue Fashion. Leally, haven't heard the nurse say
any
###PAGE###3###
\
In from four to eight weeks, according to the nature of the cutting and the heat It hits had, the little ix>t will be filled with a neat of roots and needs repotting, but do not use too lui go u
should be cut on a bevel at the ends, so that (he door may bo placed In a i o ii inn Cron ili inside going expression uf opinion ia from the Country Gentleman says
fully the etreular-siloa and an* led to •ay emphatically ih.it under most conditions the circular la preferable to any other form of olio enough to prevent any decay, end when it is desired; td fill it again the ho ps are tightened, making the silo air-tight.	«
OCEAN HMVEYARD SINKS'
G
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
«!
? ????
The for»1
Aboni the Douse.
SABLE ISLAND IS RAPIDLY DISAPPEARING FROM SIGHT.
which further Wh have examined most rare-
pot
MANURES AND MANURING.
Swamp muss is so useful that any commercial greenhouse would not think of getting along without it. In :,mali pots half an inch at the bottom is filled with this moss for drainage.
In six-inch pots and larger a layer of an inch or more of charcoal is used in the bottom and this covered with moss, i have used dried grass in place of moss with good results. It surely pays to use moss or grass. Another item of drainage much more important I ban tho above, an i not universally known, is to keep the |>ots ou lough material, such as Binders, so that air can get under them and water puss off more freely. This drainage question is especially important with roses, as they especially dislike excess of water at the roots.
There is one simple rule for getting cuttings at the proper stage. If on bending the slip it breaks off short it is good. If it bends without breaking it i ; too old. One of lire most certain system methods, and one which does least injury to the parent plant where many slips are wanted, and especially good for foliage plants that are liable to
rust under common treatment, is call- j phosphoric acid absorbed by ed •'layering in the air.1' The -hoot is auimul ncVer returns in
The lips that kiss our cares away, a"bit of bark, and'Tf allowed *tohang 1( e,,türs in,° ltie ***** of the annual. ! and [h^	10 j'1
«sprats* ssra. as r°.:r. s sr*.x*si	rsar
5.122L1 X
t$Zr!r ••• mm MÊIEEHH-E
?mmm s~ mmmm
ter, letting the top extend out from t0udl1iun of nllaiis, yeti it has not so the bottle neck. Place in the sun, and far proved an ideal on»* in the way of
keep the bottle filled with water. Af- bringing up and keeping up fertility ter the first roots start, leave it ni one for several days before potting gouias and geraniums will root in a
week in either sand or water if kept m ,kr ibe most out of it' Usually it is
warm enough. Home pi,mt" 1 c quin*	^ pL in heaps iu ihe barnyard or the	A Mew Usine Which In Proving lery Sur
ter, use small pots, protect from winds,	'E cw i arnl) no in a condition of	An ingenious school teacher in Japan	ly	that	for	many	a mile	beyond	the
I	j -I I	I	¦, supply good drainage, furnish rich,	l**1 'u ' ‘;IA 11 1‘‘J1 u'< ' >u> th« pro-	recently conceived the idea of having |	point	where	the	sea	and	sand	meet
es ssn:	tfs-ras “S «¦ 5^*—•
chintzes which make looking upward a your fingers as regards your success m liberating the lock-up elements uf 01 tilü Japanese parliament, and so am,ill sch jouer. At the northeast end pleasure.	; in rooting growing slips.	om soils, a appears a pi y to carry on successful has this novel idea proved on a winter’s day there m y be seen
Au ingenious young woman bought a	____ aLtJl*d ^ ^	" (t	thal U iH now beiog ^nerally adopted fur nine miles a mass of roaring break-
roll of matting, pliable and jointless,	straw in the heap wasielul' 'fm '	,h,outfhouL the schools of the country. era before a depth of six fathoms ii
with a design of diamonds of blue here	GOOD RE( II r.S	reason; The dung soon warms up in the bas a*80 attracted the attention of reached
and there. This, with a lot of picture Btked Potatoes with Cheese—Remove heap, and in a tew days a lively ac- many Europeans, and certain leading more 0f heavy cross seas leading out
SHurBvSE; ? FF^ r;??	^	- xvzszü
ugly room.	. bowl, season with salt, melted aut- that it is less valuable, gets washed unght well follow the example of the tend;- seaward 17 miles after ihe
Tb« flour and ceiling of a room «kinsplaM T pieJe Tbutted on top atmorph/r^ nLfn	l° !h« Ja‘>8ne“a P,o£esBur- .	j fashion before deW water is reached.
should be as pretty as the walls, and of each potato and brown	In	the oven.	v, , m fl moisture and darkn ot the	*u ti( b°d ^ principal plays the \ Ii stormy were her t he island and its
iu a like scheme of color. Homo sum- I Rice and Cheese—Cook rice	in boiling	in sure heap that this serious lougoss	Prime Minister, and three j surrounding bars present a mngnlfi-
mei art students who have a mountain salted water until tender.	Drain and	un. and m a math or two we have	teachers represent respectively the cent and awe-inspiring spectacle, with
college have made	its walls	of	rough	place in a baking pan and cover with	uni* fb nitrates developed in
plaster, colored	a	dull brown,	which	grated cheese. Rake in oven until	?,V“Wf!°I u“îr „ , lui? ia * serious
¦	.	, brovvii un tov>	a j'3t tor in t rug vu id liin pi iucipAff I ® ^ J _ ¦
shades on the ceiling with a grayish	J 1	money value of our manure. This 8enior scholars take the part of Privy
green. Along the walls, at the height	Ms Ralls—Ingredients, hoi let potn-	manure has cost us	money in some	Councillors, and	ihe oldest professor	gant	quiet, cultivated valley in Sable
of the picture rail, are narrow boxed,	' ft aliened, slowly boiled gait,	lo. in, and to so waste	it is equal to a l-	acts as President	of the Parliament	Iiiand, where the lighthouse keepers
in.de ot lurch bows, full ol wood earth. dr>' fiah =" ^rk	in sufficient pro- lowing our hard-earned dollars to run th(, plaoe o£ Vice-President being !1,1 e<l ana	lbti ground. This was
«»j^jrrss &?*•**•&cs.s
driLs trained in a spider weo of green liUl’	aua m x Wltu tne. un y made to stop. To some extent ihe Other professors and pupils act the Giateyard” is the little burying ground
wires, which spreads across the ceil- shredded fish and moisten with the	use ot	land-plaster in the stable,	pans of Speaker, Secretary of	State	this	valley, whore sleep many of the
ing. Another room has been arranged pork, which has been cut into fine bits	«trewn	daily in the gutters, will help	a|Jli tue olher official u«rH<iiiao-d.«	victims	of the ocean’s wrath. A strange
arr^îMKreu ¦ sl-xs	<£ s %%%	» -• t r. » rra
clam shells piessed into the piaster and edf chopped onion if that flavoring is	rr^-	fact, anyihing which w ill	At the opening session, which	was	couige,	the whole island is surrounded
tinted a soft given. Ihe ceiling is iijced Mold into balls and let it stand	l“‘*u<??	^ Jn-ss in the heap will assist,	held in the large schoolroom of	the	by the	bleached ribs of naval skele-
draped with fish nets hung on spears,	nexl ^y, when brown in nioder-	f?u,,JLf.we ‘he	mmure on our	U gh School at Sendai, a city in the	(' n&.	More vessels have gone ashore
A whalers lantern and a narrow atti oven. Half a cup rich, sweet	1 'uimediately, no	loss occurs. The	north of Japan, au	embryo member of	here	than at any other spot in vhe
pain .1 tueze ui n-d crabs heighten ! he cream ja an improvement, mixed when	8Un <jo s not waste the manure, it only	Parliament presented	for discussion a	wcild.
illusion.	mashing the potatoes.	takes water Irom it and dries it. Also,	bill for the abolition	of all examina-
""—•t,io' “ 111 --	1 r	?.«. «r
cheese add salt and pepper to taste, 2 is a labor-saving operation, and the Hu spoke for two hours in its favor*	miles lung and 2 1-4 miles wide,
tablespoons melted	butter, 3 table- labor saved will be well spent in cut-	I paying not the slightest	attention to	*n V had shrunk to 31 miles long
spoons cold water and enough flour to tmg the straw for bedding. But is	the many Interruptions	which were	ant* “ miles wide ; in ih'60 to lIt mile*
make a soft dough.	Mix with a fork there no other reason for spreading	made by the deputies on	the crowded	*ong ant* 1 m'^e w^6, _ According to
until stiff enough to cleave from the	the manure as so m as made? Must of	benches. The new spapers next day	^aat	surve>’ °f ihe British	Admiral-
sides of the bowl. Dust a molding	*hu manure made at ihe barn is pro-	gave a long account	of his speech	°f^ce'	fhu	length was	22	miles	and
atuins is to tie up cream of tartar in board with flour, roll gently until as j duevd in the fall, winter and early and predicted for him a brilliant Par- breadth scarcely a half.
«"	¦- -«.«!• 1 ai“ fæis sûrs	sssyar " *•	•• - JO?rsg.'&&& sz
meut into cold water and boil it. If	a moderate oven until brown.	dung, is iu a state of very fine siibdiv-	The speakers who followed	him were	tlon was ch)8en among the sand hills
the stains are much spread stir cream	Hazelnut Cake—One cup sugar, i cup	hsiou we can readily see how the grav-	not so fortunate. One of	them, in- I	fivo mile9 dislant	from lhe west en(i-
of tartar in the water, if still visible, I milk 2 tablespoons shortening melted il/ waLer o£ the soi,s» Posent during deed, was so embarrassed by the inter- Ye' *“	lhe Superintendent was
boil the garment in a mixture uf sup-	1	te	’ those seasons only, can assist in distri- ruptione from the benches that he lost I compiled to move three miles furth-
eicarbonate	of	soda, a tabiespoontul |	1 601111 CUI) chopped	hazelnuts, 1 tea- button of this manure much more per- ' his head completely, and	was fain to	er e'lst’ *9 wilhin ,he four preceding
to u pail of	water.	j	spoon baking powder,	2 1-2 cups flour, feeHy than any machine we can devise. I	turn aside and swallow a cup of tea	Yeara uo lesa ’bm four miles had gone
For summer cottages the latest	frosting : One egg, 10 teaspoons sugar.	Tuis is an important reason for f ill,	after which he hastily left	the plat-	entirely from the	west end, while on
style when papering walls with a vine I	lied\ eaPh* The uuts may be put in a	winter and early spring manuring,	form. A curious feature of the session '	thv north aide an	areft e?ual, t0 U[ril
... Htrine ia tu hlVf. thrt lillea mHet smu.!l bag and |x>unded. Chopped aud shoald not be lost sight of.	I was the gayety of all those who took ! feet Wlde ?nd three miles long had
or b npe is to nave the Hues meet at raisins may be used instead of nuts.	_ part in it. Students as well ac uro been carried away during a single gale.
a point in the middle of the wiling. It	-- fessors, did not hesitate to lay stress j Ir l8-.d auoth')r move, this lime four
makes the walls seem lower, but it is |	LEMON ICE	(HEAL* AND DURABLE SILOS. ! on the weak points of the grave dig- 1 more miles eastward was necessitated,
ExSEBSHnEU'triir 7“ir =	j SBa'E-ei	- "¦
for the walls, and at about zb inches ^ and let it simmer over a slow fire un-	a£l silo^ uhiuh have been trayed the leading legislators of their brought with them frequent
from the ceiling the white is shirred til it is reduced to a generous ouart of built iu the past have been too expen- country This first session lasted for u h ch wrought fearful havoc along
gZ:dintûjam"Sr* %%"L^%re""3jI^ri^iVtrrt.'m::
four egga beaten to a stiff froth. if brick or stone have not been as satis- ner.	of sand being carried from the beach
the syrup seems	very	thick a	little	factory as the wooden silos. It	ap-	Evidently	there	will	bo	no	lack	of	and atrewn	over ih* inland valley,
water	may	be	added.	Stir the	ing,e-|P,ard t0 lhti writer that the cheapest	fandidate8	/®r	Parliamentary	honors	8m,>lher,ing	'egetation so that Lunin tho saucer system of rooting cut- |	t'Ze"	I dulab1^ aiiü aud the «» lba‘ " most ^2%n	^ """"" I inls^,he“Td st.lon wlls landfmed
satisfactory is constructed out of	be-	and new buildings erected on the brond-
veled-staves six inches wide and	of	e8f P°rt‘on	1 be island
ml Q01NINE I’SED BT SOLDIER., |
love that reaches heaven
Th«v heart that feels for others’ woes, That wipes tho tears of sorrow From weeping eyes, when grief u'er-flows,
And brings us bliss tomorrow,
Is tho true heart, of priceless worth, Bloat boon to mortals given ;
It throbs with pure love here on earth,
And reaches up to heaven.
The voice that soothes us in our pqin, That cheers the hours of sadness, And brings the sunshine ones again To souls who long for gladness,
Is tho kind voice, whose words of cheer In tried, true friendship's given !
It binds fond hearts with love-links here.
And reaches up to heaven.
The hand that helps us in our need, That leads us safe through sorrow, And gives us trust and aid, in deed, Till dawns the fair to morrow,
Is the strong hand, so tried, so true,
In friendship’s spirit given ;
It fills the hiNirt with love anew,
And reaches up to heaven.
*lo*l Bmigfrtni* Mp«,t In (lie toWli Afltmlle —Surrounded Uy Shoal*, I <»u* and < nr-rrni*, H III No longer support n l ight-haute.
Not fm from Nova Scotia and direct-
(T. C. Wallace, before the Ontario
Farmers' Institutes)' (Continued from last issue.)
Famyard manure wi* depend la upon to return us u part uf tho fertil-
It dries out
iy
I y in tho pith of many of the lines plying to and from Hal if uc, lies one of the most dangerous spots in the world. J or 40 miles about the sea is :ia
ala, of
tly our crops and animals remove. Its value must not lie underrated, but at the sam
CHURNING 8WERT AND SOUR
CREAM.
It Is well known that the churn-
time it is suicidal to our in-
shallow as an estuary ; tiny ? which even expert mariners are in
rests Id elose our eyes to any de
fkicncy in it. By th,- dung and liquid	of cre®“ dépende largely on
it* handling dining iijs ning. Sour
cream churns more easily than sweet
The reason for this may be
doubt, lie so th.ckly sprinkled i hat to thread them is a feat requiring the greatest skill ; the islets certain that no light house can lung
waste of our animals we get must of the potash
Ihe solid portion of the dung is the undigested, or only partially digested, mutez lal from which the animal extracted what it could. It
cream
no so uu-
tha I the. presence of lactic acid has
some effect on the surface tension of be maintained in no spot contains lb n the unused nitrogen	pot-	£,lt globules.	Since sour cream churns	son of its	frequent shifting* in
ash and phosphates. 'Jho liquid	pur-	more readily	than sweet cream, it w ill	a8 much a	menace	as a safeguard. Salions contain the daily waste of the li0t- do	creams of unequal ripe- ble Island is aptly dubbed the "Ocean
What really entered	the	ness just before churning. The sour	Graveyard,	for il	in» witnessed more
system and formed blood was lukeuin	cream would	churn first, and the sweet	disastrous	wrecks	(h n all the die id-
a liquid condition and is, of th own off only in a similar si ate. The lt
lid by reft-ften
cream, would W left as buttermilk. If ed points in the Northern Atlantic to-is necessary to mix
course
cream gether. The worst fears of Canadian it should pilots are now being confirmed, and
yJe of unequal ripeness
he. done at least 12 hours before churn- the island is itself disappearug, to add
thor- j another to the numberless shoals about. W hen it has at last sunk he-
excreimnl
f tienth the waves that seething track
when God sailing or
steaming, that falls into its foils. 1 ha last stand of 'he lighthouse was taken last November, at a point then une mile from the shore. It was taken in desperation, and the win er has hi ought forth all t he lifeboat crew
milk, but if t he cream is not uniformly dreaded. 'Jhe house itself was lately ripened the churn nnof be stopped -t this point without considerable loss.
The love that cheers us on our way, That fond, sweet, tender token,
Whose ties, grown stronger day by day,
B*nds hearts in links unbroken,
Is Jove so true, of precious worth,
To weary mortals given 1 It thrills ihe hearts of all on earth, And reaches up to heaven.
engulfed in the swiftly advancing
wav es
But how do we usually care for this
and do we use it so us to
1IIE OCEAN GRAVEYARD
Bi-
Sable Island is 86 miles distant from Nova Scotia. It is surrounded by j perplexing currents and bewildering fogs.
manure
PLAYING AT PARLIAMENT.
HOUSEHOLD HINTS.
Japanese umbrellas h.ive long been used to cover ugly ceiling. Lanterns
Shallows spread out around it so wide-

then there are four mi lei

same
the Ministers of Public Instruction, of its continuous line of over 50 miles of
Three of the raging waves.
Iheie w as up to a year ago, a plea-
War and of the Navy

GRADUALLY ENGULFED
use alcohol, then cold water and soap. For iron rust use salt and lemon juice and sunshine
ink stains in wash goods dew, rub with soap and chalk freely.
A new method of taking out fruit
This is also good for
For mil-
.
prey. The two following winters
storms.
HINTS ON ROOTING SLIPS
tings, the vessels are filled with sand simply. The cuttings should be small, and several can be put in one saucer. The sand must be kept so wet that it is like mud, and the saucer I the Channel Squadron is a proof of must be placed where it will get plenty | what an officer who has his heart of sun
These are
GUNNERY IN THE BRITISH NAVY The present efficient
condition of
The consumption of quinine by Amené
fo. m and should have a cement bot-
The staves are usually kept iu I erican soldiers suffering from
REGISTER OF WRECKS
tom
¦¦	H m m ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I	I HI	Since 1802 a wreck register has been
secure efficiency in this most impor- vent Peering. A roof is erected over	—---- to SO men live there. The Superintend-
eVe° .he silo, with both gable ends left . TOO MUCH FOR HIM.	days in% )Zr
open, or, If it is desired, a flat roof Edith—How many cigarettes do you I months on an average. At times the may be used. About three doors should smok? in a day?	steamer tint makes periodical visits
be cut in the staves at suitable dis- Percy—Dunno, ’m shuah. tPs wenlly to tho island has had to wait eight tances. These doors are cut bevel- too deuced much of an effort to count lays for a favorable wind in wh ch 1 a Lng, and the pieces which are cut out tham	effect a landing, and even then she
are fastened together by means of bat- Edith—Dear mol You must smoke bus frequently had to make a hasty teas and light carriage bolts. They as mmy as ten then.	I departure.





town or even unsettle the slips.
The professional makes great use of liny pots, two inches in diameter at
2he top and two inches deep. Rooted I tant branch of the naval work,
Slips do far better in small than in ^oing so far as to design special tar
=SLZzrx 22 tterSXŸS
potted in fine sandy soli and kept was unusually accurate. It is good
shaded for two or three days until the | neWB that in nearly all the squadrons
gunnery is receiving increased attention.

;


roots have time to strike into the soil



J
,
###PAGE###4###
- i


I
June Bargains.
Little Carrent, Ont., Juno 2. — A boat containing Mr. Fred Willis, hie wife, two children and Jno. Griffith capsized near the mouth of the WhitetUh river this , morning, drowning Willis and both Garnett children. Griffith and Mrs. Willis clung
Cut la Two
The Gquitg.
—wewwHHHeewwæüBmm
SHAWV1LLE, JUNE 8, 1899.
BHOCKINU AVVIPKNT AT LIN PM AY —TWO OTHER I vl ILITII -
June 3
Rtaimbunr’ Med 17. of Morewood, Dun-1 to the upturned butt until the tug Maggie das county employed in Parkin's tie May picked them up, after being in the |
THE G. B. CANAL AGAIN. I mill, while handling tailings this morning water an hour and a half The childrens |	g[g OffSFlQZ
I undertook to oil the circular saw carriage | bodies were found on the beach some On Monday afternoon, Mr. Pouporo aud in some unaccountable manner fell , time later.
a necessary.
Next
You Can Get It Here.
A nice lot of Ginghams
I purpose having a «lie of all household I &Tld Prints ,	, furniture, farm implement*,etc.,onior about
sentative said on the subject, and subac expressions which marked the counten tlce will be given of day of sale.	BlOUSO otllttS, > 1VU pci J
nuently of the remarks of Mr. Belcort and ance, of the Fortage du Fort, Claiendon _____1— Ducks &C J
other gentlemen who me to speak on the Front, BrUtol and Quyon geutleman who	I	oov ;
UsMSl. ,
been formed, with a capital of #2,000.000or b* y #	ral,„ay from lluli t0 Pembroke, OonfOCtlOnOrV	!
$3,000,000, of which ten i>er cent has been . qu	an j portage du Fort, passed	*	,
paid up. thus fulfilling the required con trough the committee -tage. of the	|ÆS"our%ic%^ to*
dltions of the charter. This company asks Uouee of Commona, after a spirited dis-	«nd JoodTflrat chiss.
the government to guarantee interest on j cumsion in which a number of members $20,000,000 for twenty years at the rate of i toofc part. Mr. Poupore, who is 2| per cent, and they propose to complete to #e@ the P. P. J. completed, so that his the canal before the government is asked constituents in the western end of the to pay a dollar. The premier's answer to county,	who are contributing their share
this proposition will be awaited with in- of the	bonus, and reaping no benebt,
shall have the railway facilities which la
justly their due, opposed the paralleling
«KSW'BrsttfSirSSSS
account of a saving of distance between
*¦
EÜS
their legislative duties.	of thelr own‘	1
On Tuesday last a large deputation waited on the Premier and Minister of Railways today and asked for a subsidy of $0,400 per mile for 200 miles of the Ontario and Rainy River Railway, for eighty miles of which a subsidy has already been granted. The Government gave a favorable reply.
The caterpillar pest is proving a very great nuisance to the P. P. J. R., as well as to the farmers and fruit growers.
Several times the train has been brought to a halt between here and Coulonge, owing to the multitudes of these nasty insects that had strewn themselves along the rails, and the trainmen have had to sweep them off before further progress could be made. In many places the ’pillars are so numerous and voracious that they are attacking with damaging results and stripping trees of almost every kind out of a face. Z of wholesale extermination is not devised and waged against these destructive creatures, they will in time become a very grave and much dreaded plague.
lessons In Bealth for Men anl
Women
The Ladies’Home/Journal is looking after the physical as well as the mental well being of its readers, beginning in the June issue a department which it cads.
•‘Five Minute Talks on Good Health.’
This department is edited and directed by Mr. and Mrs. Edward B. Warman, authorities on physical education, who will explain how easy a matter it is to have good health through the proper of the muscular forces of the body.
NOTICE.
for 5c. per yd
Atomizers or Spray Pumps,
forceful and convincing manner week we shall endeavor to furnish our
Lawn Mowers,
Most of these goods are
easily worth double the price asked.
Paris Green,
Insect Powder,
for
Also some special bargains in
Whale Oil Soap,
spray iug
Ice Cream !
anxious
• BOOTS-
Castor Oil and Axle Grease
If you wish to indulge in a glas* of refreshing h e cream, call at our parlor and get thoroughly satle-
All plainly marked (1 will be appreciated when seen.
an
Green Screen Wire Cloth,
t crest.
D. WILSON,
Opposite Pontiac H

Screen Doors and Windows
SHAW VILLE, - QUE.
IN REGULAR GOODS WE CANNOT BE BEATEN.
Poultry Netting,
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
1002
Fence Wire.
JUST RECEIVED :
We have just received a large lot ot Binder Twine (standard brands), and will be pleased to receive your orders for it. Terms—October 1st.
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
PRICES ALWAYS TflE LOWEST.
J. H. SHAW.
E. HODGINS & SONS.
J. G. McGUIRE.
The Renfrew town council have given
the contract for the erection of a new
market building to Messrs. McDougall Ali E3rtllC|U3KC & Co., the price being $503
PLANING, MATCHING 4 DRESSING
NOW DONE AT
Elliott & Barter’s Mill
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
The transportation routes to the Klondike are being so much improved that the trip from Seattle to Dawson can now be made in ten days.
B0P.IT.
The Farmer
At Clarendon on -27th of May, a son to Mr. ami Mi 8. Wm. Barber.
At Yarm, on Friday, May 26th, to Mr. and Mrs. Thomas a Elliott, a daughter,
At Radford, on Monday, to Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Fades, a sou.
At Shawvtlle, on Wednesday morning, to Mr. and Mrs. G. M. Donaldson, a son.
At Shawvllte, on Thursday, June 1st, to Mr. and Mrs. James Fades, a son.
will find us prepared to supply bis need. We have everything
gv^ry
he requires from a plough to a suit of clotn
es
NOTICE
The Housewife
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy
and comfortable.
By order of the County Master the officers and members of the County Orange Lodge
, ssree&MT.i! I-'- SSTB
tc i	“ ""io"'	»=«.
chine to our other plant, we are prepared to do Planing, Matching and Dressing at short notice, and also supply all demands for rough and dressed lumber.
SHAWVILLE.
If some means
MILLINERY !
MILLINERY!
MILLINERY!
Shawvllle, May 20lb, i8>9
In Conclusion,
The Celebrated . • .
Suffice it to eay we have everything usually kept iu an up to date general
store.
Having returned from Montreal and Ottawa Millinery openings I desire to draw tne attention cf the public to my stock now opened in the store of

c <
NORTH WEST
A Quantity of
Logs and Shingle Wood
Still Required.
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
new
John McFarlane, Campbell’s Bay. | SiLAS YOUNG
C^__Starke’s Corners.
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
An inspection of my stock is invited, as 1 feel confident of being able to offer goods at unprecedentedly low prices.
Do not forget to call.—No trouble to show goods.
AGNES R McFARLANE,
CamiibelVs Bay,
Shaw ville, JanuaJy 24, 1899
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficients
Therefore we need not dwell on their many merits. [ say tttyt anyone requiring class article should call and see them before purchasing any other kind. It will be to your interest to do so.
exercise
Mill Property For
Sale.
Go to
Riots in Belfast
Suffice it to
a first-
DALE BROS.
BiSaEl
¦	H. E. BROWNLEE.
INFANTRY CHARGED CROWD WITH FIXED
BAYONETS.
Notice to Whom it May
Concern.
Belfast, June 5.—There were exciting scenes here this afternoon in consequence of the Nationalist demonstration, headed by Mr. William Obrien, and accompanied by bands of music and the display of banners.
The Protestants threatened trouble, with the result that large bodies of police and military were stationed in the streets. Several conflicts took place and the infantry charged the crowd with fixed bayonets. Several persons were injured.
Rat Portage, June 3 ... the seventh level of the Regina mine. Henry Lamphire fell a distance of 45 feet and was instantly killed. Deceased about 45 years of age and leaves an invalid wife and five small children living
at the mine.
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Stoves,
8
tiiH
a LL PARTIES having claims against the A estate of the late Phillip Sparling of Thorne, and of hie son, Thomas George Sparling, are hereby notified that they are required to file the same with me on or before the 15th day of June next, as after which date no claims will be considered.
Notice is also given to all parties who are in any way indented to the said estates, that they are required to settle such Indebted ness within one month from date.
JAMES LATHEM,
Administrator
%
Other Styles.
Glengyle, April 25/99
Tinware,
We have several other styles of Stoves •on hand, so that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
Fifty Settlers Wanted.
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
ticulars, apply to
R. J. BLACK, AGENT,
Bristol, May 15th,
REV. CHAS. McKILLOP,
Renfrew, Ont
FOR SALE
While working
J obtong and Repairing
P. S.—Lowest Prices
on
One pure bred Shorthorn ball calf, six weeks old, color, dark red with a few small white spots
Teachers Wanted.
Price $25.00.
CAMPBELL. Maple Ridge, Que
¦SHI
was
W
Farm and Stock for Sale.
era
NOTICE
EEE2E|^*
iiSpiS:œr:
SHAWV.LLE, .UE. I „K,.!eokhKm.
r. S.— Highest Prices paid U5"? SXStli Sm”llio"SS fetor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts I
and Eggs.	I	ahawvllie, Que
Hamilton, June 3.—A fatal accident happened on the Waterdown road this morning, Mrs. Thomas, of Lowville, being thrown from her rig and instantly killed. A team of horses driven# by Mr. Thomas became frightened at a passing train on the O. T. R. and ran away, colliding with another rig, in which was Mrs. Roberts, of Freelton. Mrs. Thomas was killed and Mrs. Roberts had one arm broken and her shoulder dislocated. The latter is now in the hospital. One of Mr. Thomas’s horses was killed and both rigs was badly wrecked.
As I am now residing In Ottawa, and In the course of a short time Intend moving my family to the city, all debts due me must be paid at once. Therefore all parties owing me by either note or book must call at once and pay up, otherwise cost will be Incurred. Last notice
LAWRENCE SLATTERY.
Secretary-Treasurer.
Sheenboro. Que
anteed.
Hill
DALE BROS.
H. HOBBS
the
Ottawa, May 16tb, 189S.
FOR SALE.
WANTED
potatoes, Apply to
Five young men to travel, who would not object spending part of their time at canvassing. References.
BRADEEY-GARRETSON CO
PETER BROWNLEE,
Radford
LIMITED, Brantford, Ont.
»
i
T

###PAGE###5###

'T*7*
- ^
\
i

*s
\

' The Money Some
Men Make.
The Money you spend
Is still to your Credit.
SHOREY’S Ready Tailored Clothing,
the money he pays for it is really on deposit as it would be in a bank. It the clothes do not prove to be satisfactory in

u Iloilo Bill, what are you driving at these days, you seem to le on the jump all the time and walk as though you had important business on hand."
Second MaH : 11 Well, the fact is, Jack, a little prosperity puts the drive in a man. ] have struck a position at last, after a year of hard luck, which is panning out tirât* rate.”
Firht Man : •• Well, that's your luck, for I am doing mitihty little these days. But what have you struck ? "
* SECOND Man : “ 1 have taken a book
Firht Man
WillJhid we pay particular attention to Fine Tailoring.
Uur past achievements have been great.
Being spurred on by success we purpose for Spring of 1899 to lead the van in—

yj'\ When a man buys
'I
i



V
'i
\*R|
%




every respect, fit, finish and workmanship lie can go back to the dealer and get his money back. What more can you ask ?
This guarantee is a part of every sale of Shorey’s Clothing. A card to that effect is found in the pocket of each garment. You do not find such cards in the pockets of ordinary clothes.
Now do you ?
#8
(
V

/

High-Class Tailoring.
t\
y>

agency from The Bradlky-Garretson Co., (Limited) of Brantford, Ont. They have been at me for months to canvass,
The most fastidious young man can always he suited in one of Frame’s Suits.
The distinctive elegance of our style asserts itself as exceptionally exclusive.
CHAS. FRAME,
FINE TAILORING
Opposite Bant, - - ShawYille.
8
!
but I laughed at the idea, and at last they made me a good offer, so I thought I'd give it a trial, i have been at the work now two months, and I like ii first-rate, and I am going to stick to It'
First Man : u Say bill, do you think 1 could do the work, for I saw the advertisement of this firm yesterday, for more men. ”
Shorey’s Ready Tailored Clothing can be obtained from the following firms in the
County of Pontiac :
O. F HODGINS, 8HAWV1LLE.
paul McNally, uampbell s bay.
8. SMITH, BRISTOL STATION.
GKO. WALSH & SON, QUYON O'MEARA BROS., BRYSON.
f. a. Maloney, chapeau.
1 G. F. HODGINS
“ I don’t see why you
Second Man could not, but write and get them to make you an offer."
Honor Rolls for May
School No. I, Thorne.
Class V.—1, Miry McNally.—Class IV.—Mary Smith, Clara McNally. Class III.— Retta Grant, H. McNally, Elsie Dahras. Claaa II.— May Grey, John McCauley, Thomas Hazard. Part II, sr John McNally, Cecil Martin, Willie Grant, Nora McCauley, Vincent Smith, John S. Hobin. Part II, jr.—Varner McNally, Georgina Somerville, Florence Sometville, Harry Somerville. Primer I, sr—Lizzie Martin, E. A. Sparling, Robert Hazard, Bertie Grant, Katie Smith, J. Hazard. Primer I, jr.—Esther Martin, John Howard, Mabel Howard, Helene McNally, Cecil Howard.
N. Seaman, Teacher.
u Thanks old man, I
First Man will, and I’ll let you know how it turns out."
?
DEPARTMENTAL STORE ............
Tie Only Complete Departmental Store in lie Bounty
ESTABLISHED 1886.

The Shawville
BRISTOL
FACTOR!.
SiSH and DOOR
The W. C. T. Ü. have opened up a temperance house in Mr. Mr. A. \ouilla building, This will supply a much needed want, as previous to this there was no accommodation for travellers.
The members of Peerless lodge I. O. G. T., had a moonlight sail to light house Island and back on the evening of the *J4th. A pleasant time was spent by all.
The Misses Glenn entertained a few friends Wednesday evening. The occasion being Mies Betsey’s birthday. A very pleasant time was spent in music, games, etc.
Miss Rachel Grcenshields returned
Mayflower.
i
ALL KINDS OK—
Interior & Eiterior
Oir Great Animal Sumer Display of
FINISH FOR Houses 8c Verandahs
MANUFACTURED.
No. 4 School for April and May April
2, Franklin McDowell; 3, Herman Knox. Grade III. —1, Lawrence Belaher; 2, Eva McDowell; 3, Bertie McDowell. Grade II.—1, Perley Belaher; 2, Milton Belsh* or; 3, Ethel Hodgins. Grade I —1, Manson McDowell; 2, Lulu Wilson ; 3, Mary Stephens.
Dry Goods, Boots & Shoes, Carpets
and Clothing
IS NOW IN FULL SWING.
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, &r..
Kept in stock and made to order. LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRICES
Class IV.—1, Kcitha Knox
home last week

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
THE HELL ELECTRIC CO.
Estimates furnished.
O
IF YOU VISIT THE STORE THE PRICES 2. otni.°McDo^d: "Siam-5jARE BOUND TO ENTHUSE YOU........................
well
2, Peail McDowell; 3, Lawrence Belaher. ,
Grade II.—1, Ethel Hudgins; 2, Perley Belaher; 3, Gordon Brownlee. Grade I —1, Manson McDowell; 2, Irene Me Dowell; 3, May Step
M. M
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minutes In the after noon, dally, Sundays Included.
i

L
Prints, Scotch Ginghams, Muslins (in spots, stripes and fancy designs), Piqués, and Zephyrs—the most desirable goods that can be offered—patterns correct—colorings you can’t resist.

Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
JEWELLER
i	KKKPÔ
i a	K 0K
B WATCH Eh,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SILVERWARE Ac. Ac.
Baggage promptly handled.
W. R. TAYLOR
hens
atheaox, Teacher
Sec.Treas
No. 2 SCHOOL, BRISTOL
hiding
Laces.—Hundreds of pieces to sélect from, iZC black silk, cream silk, Oriental, Valenciennes, Tor-
=#

For tho
' Grade IV, Sr.—1, M. E. Harknees; 2, Clementina Duff. Grade IV, Jr.—1, Annie Duff; 2, Lewis Harkness; 3, Duni can Campbell; 4, Etta Shirley; 5, Arline Cuthbertson; 6, Andrew Doda; 7, T« 1 bert McCorriston and Herbert Cuthfcert-son, (equal. Grade 111.—1, Eva Shirley; 2, Leslie McCredie; 3, Donald Duff; 4, Annie Angus; 5, Willie Stewart; G, Ethel Anderson. Grade II, Sr.—1, John Dods and Elton McCredie, (equal; 2, Edna Cuthbertson and Alice Duff, (equal.) Grade II, Jr.—1, Leonard Angus; 2, Mabel Stewart. Grade I, Sr.—1, Gordon Campbell. Grade I, Jr.—1, John Make it a point to leave your order early. | Caldwell; 2, Koy Duff: 3, Essie Shirley
and Mary Angus, (equal.) Attendance. —1, Maggie Harknees, Annie Duff, Eva Shirley, John Dods, John Caldwell, Essie Shirley, (equal.

Spring Trade.
>'K
chon, linen, etc.
Crinkle Cloth—all colors.
Checked Shirtings—an endless variety of all patterns.

i
% x,

Rkpairinu —
a Speciality
SAMPLES OF ALL KINDS 01
SHAWV1LLE, I
ASK our Tapestry Carpets at 25 cents per yard; also TO our gentlemen’s Rain Coat—heavy material—color, SEE Wack, only—full sweep cape—for $2.85.
THE
LATEST
improved
li
now on hand for Inspection»
PATENTS
PROMPTLY SECURED
P. S.—Gentlemen,—How is your summer straw or bicycle
«B®*
Highest references furnished.
MARION & MARION PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
pma»
( N£W YORK LIFE B’LD'C.. MONTREAL CAN. OFFICES: -( ATLANTIC Ol'ILZNG., WASHINGTON, D C.
ALSO A STOCK OF
cap ?
Lila J. Smiley, Teackea. |
SHAWTILLE ACADEMY Honor Rolls For May
Grade IL—1, Clarence Naylor; 2, Edna Armstrong; 3, Kenneth Naylor; 4, Gordon Hodgins.
Grade I.—1, Winnie Knox; 2, Arthur Knox; 3, Olga Dahms; 4, Harold Hobbs.
E. M. Seifert, B. A.,
Principal.
Expresses,
THE G. P. HODGINS
Waggons,
Departmental Store, Shawville.
and Carts,
and à carload of
CARRIAGES
The body of Norton Nay, a Renfrew A man in Montreal has obtained judg-youth, who has been missing for some ment on a note with interest at the rate months, was found last week in a badly of 130 per cent, per annum. With such decomposed condition, floating in the an easy method of robbery at hand, why near Wyandotte, a suburb of De-1 will some people go on wasting their time
blowing open bank safes.
""i BUGGIES
expected daily.
river : troit, Mich
Me del Department
A. SMILEY,
Grade II.—1, Wilfrid Armstrong; 2, Annie Armstrong; 3, Florence Me Janet;
«J^Shawville.Ixi.™^. ^ ^ , CMort
Knox; 3, Manson Wilson; 4, Meivyn Dale.


The barns and outbuildings of Messrs.
J. Dunn and Bromley, of Westmeath,
were destroyed by fire last week, also two If you speak impressively into the ear ! j large barns of Mr. Jonathan Montgom- of every man, woman and child in the • « ery/of Snake River. The destruction of universe, your goods would realize a pro- j ^ the latter was due to the children setting fit beyond human calculation. The nearfire to a straw stack in the vicinity of the est approach to this idealism is advertis-buildings
How to Make Profit
*##
•••
: iSTEVENS RIFLES
Valuable Property
M. E. MacGregor, Teacher.
ing—talking to the people through the newspapers and other mediums that goto the people.
Sr. Elementary Department
* are guaranteed to be
:: SAFE, SOLID,
accurate,
####### I
On the premises are erected a dwelling house, stables, sheds and other out buildings.
For further^,
Hudson, P. Q.,
Harry Anderson, the Almonte firebug, at Perth, on Saturday, was sentenced to
five years’ imprisonment in the Kingston In the neighborhood of Parry Sound ; penitentiary for setting fire to Mr. during the past two weeks some im- J France’s sheds in Almonte about a month mensely valuable strikes in gold and *
. Hie accomplice and tool, Joseph > copper have been made. Six properties [
Cleroux, a fifteen year old boy, was sent situated on the O., A. & P. S. railway at » to the reformatory for two years and at Parry Sound are being" developed and a ; the expiration of that time if the warden great many prospectors are setting to . of the reformatory considers it necessary work. An extensive deal has just been ’ [ The “IDEAL” No. 44 Isa fine nilc. he may be detained for a further three completed with a wealthy American syn- > ! QNC OF OUR LEADERS, price only $10. years, the whole not to exceed five years, dicate for the sale of the property known * \c guarantee it in every respect. Noth-Anderson hails from Cobden and is 35 as the Magowan mine for $110,000. This I,	“ h t $t but thc pricc.
EÎ2SS i!J3£sas«s
S3ÏÏÜÏÏ	£i :i'
parties in the district, and some import- »' Stnddmmf/Catalog and ant development will no doubt take place. A prominent mining expert, speaking of the mines, said that they were without doubt among the richest in Ontario.
? <
Jr. Grade II.—1, Kathleen Wilson; 2, Minerva Caldwell; 3, Nettie Horner; 4, Athold Knox.
Sr. Grade IL—1, Tillie Beckett; 2, Harry Lester; 3, Joseph Knox.
E. Smith, Teacher.
the
$6.oo «‘Favorite” to our most expensive “ Ideal.”
Ffoi
ago
orH.MATHESON
Shawvllle, Que
Hand Blown off.—On Friday, May 2tith, the four year old son of Mrs. W ar-wick, housekeeper for Mr. Thomas Moore, of Eardley, in some manner got hold of a detonator, used in discharging dynamite cartridge, and proceeded to hammer at it with a nail when the cap exploded, and completely destroyed the child’s hand, and seriously injured the left. This affords another instance of the results of the careless disposition of dangerous explosives, and their unlicensed use among parties who have little knowledge of their destructive powers.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
?s:	vsfisr
tK: MmV,
Samples Pres
MacLEAN PUB. CO.j Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
A GENTS WaNTED-FOR “THE LIFE aud Achievements of Admiral newey. “ the world’s greatest naval hero. By Murat Halstead, the lifelong friend and admirer of the nation s Idol. Biggest and best book; over 500 pages 8x10 Inches; nearly 100 pages halftone illustra-Only 81.50. Enormous demand. Big ¦^¦Outfit free. Chance of a
right
!j. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL B,
P 0. Box
CHICOPEE PALLS, MASS,
lions.
lifetime. Write quick. The Dominion Company, 3rd Floor Caxton Bldg., Chicago.

i
8s



###PAGE###6###
sr

*
I Love and War
:	I
yw, and it 1 bml lived
**pt your
w i ^vsjttar, •
I >.. i>Jf l, ask me—there was a mistake., 11e
iPimmU to	rwiioefîrvd	l*fMIVri	the
lillH siliSpIS	-SSMT
S BI
denly a hole the lail tree-tops which extinguish the liâmes, but liudmg	not for anything brilliant l here les< w hateve, wa m	N^verfhe-
2if&S%
¦¦aiipp
across her neck as if to save her from •' not to» lament it, and to he ready to
some evil, mid, promptly enenreti- I ,meeL ,h“ yel ,ar*er growth which Is “ d lo u ,r* lke“ 0',M More Dbeavered oully :	J * bound to come.	| by Sclenilfle lle»«Nir*li.
m Hetty s cabin ills arrival ' ^eu tlle Quivering lipu went down EXPERIMENTS WITH GAME FISH and .at Paul Hiveiills burning home hid agaI,xf to. Arthur s ear, and Maude
preceded that ot the Federal troops lMUg ,, the word mistake," and that Atirtupt to front the Oiiaimntrlie With ilie you believe ‘O' twenty minutes or more aud when " ,ls . " ‘s“d uot know or think	Salmon from t!iv ?> «.
sk« .~rara »fe^^yyadh.'ïtt: F£Stt-sr-S wn
. ; l^erilo>al womem of the South Maude held the entrance tht , A, blt>ught her so much pain aud suffer- ceedm« ut the Government fish hatch-e n (lure f 1 hey may L,
Union,—no tloubt ihey
ihink they know what
1 tell	__
fci e their 11 lends and neigh livra driven I lie, to the wo «Is and hills . beasts, oi watch the kindling .. del oui iug their owu houses, as 1 doing now# fur 1 know that is Uncle Paul's, i.__
lived, ui is hung between
up, and pushed there was the s face.
I'fie Doctors Puzzled.
/A
<\

<1/
m
A STORY of si avhry days.
Hy MARY J. MOI MI S.
HE PECULIAR CASE OF A rtOVA
scorian lady;
OVERCROWDING OF LONDON.
w
u>

Heh°dUK(.^dXX-CantlnU«1
«•I«l thrlr

XrtUui-, oh Al i tide, jn,u iwu were .	------
eng -g^l. iedid not know it before." I^ Uua WO.OUO
Maude
1


I had tiled
was | er-
IVQ
recorn-
...	,	give new
Iifn and richness to the blood and rebuild shattered nerves, thus dr.ving out disease due to either of these two causes, and this means that they effect a cure
m j large perce mage of the troubles which afflict mankind. Some
a thrill of pride dearly we were paying for
the old flag; bui when *__________
o--A borne, the pride is ali gone,
and one is half price required
ELIXIR OF YOUTH.
it comes to my here#
the
CHAPTER XXXIV
lire burns deeper, n
WlÏÏôrÜ0B lh* PriCereqUired JVucr^TilIf Wurd’ :,ud Viloied
lum was about to speak to her, when souer left ehu turned abruptly said;
One of the everlasting longings ol the human race was expressed when Cruet he penned his immortal for the wish uf mankind from time memorial h is been the rejuvenescence of the golden days of youth with its unsatiated enjoyment of the pleasures of the passing moment. In this age of
muant uns
upon him
Fauat,'* im-
Captain Carletou, do >our -Northern
Is row pro-
...	entrance w the cave,
to the He saw her, aud tried to make his and they voice heard, it was lust amid the
flames I frantically, and saidH am f "Come, sister,
.	.	.	my Arthur,—somebody—shot him. Do
and whether he still think he will die#"
ïïï.‘ra	-a
think he has, else why send us aid# Where are
Bien# Why do they	___________ _____________^ u ^ w
Us, when we have waited su lung, and I oontempl.ited i he fulfillment ut h«r ! -, t	”**''* ** i,v“.r “’tHwiuo
OUI eyes and ears are weak and weary promise to Arthur Tunbridge He w is ^Uh,Q 1 h,e hud Passed through during wnh vv:.,rh.n„ f,~	... J lying there at her feet, and the j	*	....“	^ J—'
was all a pool uf biuod,
ery at Tadoussac, at the mouth of the
Lake St. John and in tributary waters, ’ Uu'e,ist» and his though quite as gamy as the salmon
to ai IU i-,*' fl ufu? , 1 iey resled an from the sea, are seldom more than I Progress toward unending life is pro-
ferrrzn
mmessum
be true are, war
mg
before
wi
the fountain of perpetual youth, has been laid on the table aud
\ uu never forsook it, came faintly from Arthur,
eyes
this way
rouit
.	thought, of just such a cun
does he not Uagency as, this, flashed over Maude your hordes of sweepmg away all the pain, the terror’ not come to save the shrinking she had felt when she
foe
WHEELMEN OF FRANCE.
Tho recent census of cyclist* in
Fr. nee, which h is been m vie for (ha purpose of taxation, shows that there •r* VWHO owners of wkeele
I went
yesterday.
over
r
I

###PAGE###7###


I
VOLUNTARY CONVICTS.
There are ut piesonl sex oral old convict# m Fremantle, Wesiruila, juil, who, though their time bun long expir-
H*»y of poor fuMh	,
come from want of watch-	iri tbv 1,1,1 CUUIltr> muet be lül1* tt,uve i
1 cnt'C	t	dead, so they pie 1er to rein i in where '
1 „	n,iH9ian of- fulness? Hut If you keep	¦« much of their life has been spent.
hy	nuflsiau	/	, n	The old fellows me ,Mowed to go into
yOUf blOOQ pure no thief can	town, hut must be back in time for
= sterl your hetUh. :	KV“Z
The one effective natural blood purl- port.
(1er is Hood’s Sarsaparilla. It never I
DONT Y OU THINK it Is about time you were using
HERE AND THERE.
Want of Watchfulness
cMakes a Thief.
4 4

Thmr Few Pnnigriipli» Huy bo Feund of
Clrrwl lnlort‘*l.
Gray horses live lunger than > huso of sny other color.
Strange to say, Turkey and Greece lie without telephone
The scabbards worn ficers are made of papier-mache.
The largest railroad station in world is the new South Station, -Boston.
An apple orchard in Glen wood, la., occupies 800 acres, and contains KM,1)00 bearing trees.
The salmon in the Columbia Hiver average five pounds heavier than they did twenty years ago.
A pin was swallowed ten years ago by Koland Dodds, of Butler, Da. A few days since, in a paroxysm of coughing, he threw it up.
Necklaces of flowers, with diamonds
sprinkled here and there, and secured by a thin silver wire, are popular at balls and receptions in Paris.
A newspaper or a sheet of paper, tied
on a window or balcony of a dwelling bouse in Mexico, indicates that there are rooms to rent! in the house.
Mr. Moody, the philanthropist, was
pleading for more kindness to criminals, before a San Francisco audience, when a rough crept into the building und stole his overcoat.
Sandwich men in London are not


CEYLON TEA.
25, 30.40,50 & 600.
Lead package*
r.ally »&•»•«> Him hate fat e-1 tu he cured # #* where. writ# to Or Aruotl. lit run who will com inco you be can cureyua
Stammerers
the
%
¦OLD PLATED.
¦¦¦pi
lo ii« wltt
/vu# n m*eri
Mini
•hie
WHITE’S BROMO SODA
isu^s-..îîrsM
fuM wtMi, le Sited 7 JeweHed i .iMMkl* g*|j ho»<wwi Ibet we VWTUI f
fjcLssttsHj
*>••» If after e*jeM«EZ
iMtlca TOM »e4 rh » wile* n
he tUfll; aa ieyree«i,iH. ewf
r K,;ra aaar3
Tvry Wmtaà Ce.. Tm/oirt*, 0«4
Have You Neuralg.a t
I
disappoints.
Impure Blood-“My wife suffered If you suffer its agonies, and fail with pain and distress from an affection of to gel u remedy, we want you to try the throat caused by Impure blood. She Nerviline. Its action on nerve pain is was almost In despair when she turned to ^imuiy marvellous. Nerviline is the
SL8B"mpV,t,î, cured°her*"°’Johh
WrcKMAB, Galt, Ont.	market, liy it.
Scrofula - “ Hood’s Sarsaparilla has cured me of scrofula. I was weak and de. bllltated but It made me strong and well.
After a severe cold had catarrhal fever.
Again resorted to this medicine and It cured me.* Sabah K. Derot, Annapolis, N. 8.
Canadian iremo On., 2/4 Welling ten-et.i., • o' >n,a-
Baking Powder. %%% .1,n?lV.
Kqual to the beet, Formula *#nt foe A* LA PI KKRK. 19 Leroyer «?., Montreal.

hi «m.tll c'-hi
I Jc in et-* m
I
,	PLU lUIi.
A woman will always have the la«t word.
Words, you mean.
Ho is rich or poor according to what ho ia, not according to what he has.— Henry Ward Beecher.
CUTTING SCHOOL-
failure ae< D maker*, Mud fur Mk C. A Ü. SCHOOL CO., Meotrwi.
LITTIR FI Lit and
tianifei oasis
Mille. Mille A Halo»
Barrl»t er»,etc.. removed fco Wesley HMge , Richmond WL W Toronto.
LAW
Shannon

oi>a Photo Engrav _
J, liJONES ENG.CS* S
rlO ApEUIDlMW TORONTO
File Complet# $1 00 Floarri and Aroh 9Sa 8 impi us. Hoard and Arch, 2ÔC. Binding	*3 Ou per doses vosoplet»
The Office Specialty htfg. Os., Lhulted
LU and 1|I4 Bay 81., TORONI** Factory ; MewinaiLet.
ING
e
55
ItkLIAM E CIG AH
FACTURE .Mouvrez
y<>.
•1
La Toscana, 10c.
flood's Pille care liver Ills ; th* non Irritating end paly cathartic to take with I loud» Sarsaparilla
BRASS BAND
$150
I There are 420 species of flowers of ——-------------------------;-----— pleasant perfume which are used in
Mrs. M. O’Malley, of Louisville, Ky, making scents and soaps.
will, IF TAKEN at OXCK, buy a Patent Medium Business, stock sufficient to maki $3,000 worth. No other pill like it on market. Fortune for energetic man. Box 17, Truth Office.
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, etc.
Every town can have a band.
Lowest prices ever quoted. Kini catalogue. r»00 Illustration*. mailed nee. Write us for anything In Mu.i" or Musical Instrument*.
WHALEY ROYCE 4k CO., - Toronto, Can.
Hotel end Saloon men cannot aff*rd to he
isi mm
you want Price #1 60 pre paid— j refunded if n L . atisfac-Hoiniltou MfgCo
money in minute scraps, evidently the work of rats.
0’K> EFE'S M ALI
l„vKor*te» a- 1 Str n- ' he”» auk nt W. LLOYD WOOD, forooto, UbNEKAL âiir.n i
ever, and not nearer <rom the next man bearing a placard.
At stylish entertainments in Paris,
•uch as balls and receptions, the latest craze is for the ladies to have attached to their corsages, by gulden chains, little living tortoises studded with jewels.
CHEERFUL DISPOSITION.
My boy Johnny h ui such a cheerful disposition.
Y (te î	, .
Oh, yes, When I make h m wash his neck, instead of grumbling, he just says he is glad ho is not a giraffe-
AMBITIOUS MEN
" A Man’s a Man for a' That.”
Even if he has corns on both feet. But he is a stronger, happier and wiser man if he uses Putnam's Painless Corn Extractor and gets rid of the | unsightly corns, painlessly and at once.
i
\
Severe internal injuries were received by a young lady in Vienna who
tripped while dancing, and fell, with her partner, to the floor. She sued him for damages, but the judge dismissed the case.
v >-
Mrs Wln»i:»wf «.miblns AlW
MRS
| FREES®
F IJ-letr -lx, H-»«e mail Violer ter.
Item# A’-i bran eraateduef Heij i at l«c. each Rn’ura ue #1 jOamS X re tire clog FÎT tic by r«aixft
wall. Liberal cviuoaleelen ifflH. 1er red Ub*>!4m .4* retur**lAa
II Oil E l*I>nt (Oh
iiiobe
tor?
i

forunto

A German scientist, it is asserted, has invented, beer tablets, so that a lover of beer can tarry a little brewery in his vest/ pocket. One of these tablets, dropped into a gla;.s of water at once becomes a glass of foaming beer.
y
Isis'*
. *

y
tie K M hy ml*
The Ttilleman
gr of Beauty
pagthrating ; B |
Hjompîcxlon | ^
how a
Mistrials rarely occur in criminal
cases in Germany
quits the prisoner, a vote of seven to five leaves the decision to the court; and a vote of eight to four means conviction.
A vote of six ao-
A
COMMENT OF A FRIEND
Reauhful an a r«.r«-'eaf ; c!e.tr, atft anti re tety a# <o in .twt'e, oai. ke obtained.
St ut fnw on application.
THE TALISMAN CO.
77 VlCTOMA ST., lOUfrHTS.
U
'
U
Robhler'a wadding was Lbo culmmi-
H r met his wife

1

T
T
%
tlon of h romance, on n train He did i company î


Y
• Toreato. Oet»
F »cpi
Y
Why doesn't he sue the
ideal Leather Polish
TO CURE A CU-U IN ON* DAY Take Lamtiie Hrouio Uulnlu# Tablets lists refund the oiouey If U fade to
Just before W. V. Smit h, of Florence,
Kan., goes to bed, he carefully place»
his beard in a muslin bag, After ho has entered the bed he puts the bag under his pillow eight feet long.
All Drug-
Books, Rosaries, Cm
| Will keep your shoes soft as valvet
IL-lue kUoiâsl Works. Mai. i rders recelai pr u.pt attoa-
tiou.	d. A J. BADLIIR & CO., Montreal.
jf-o
\\ r ( !>74
•iJTX
There are five ale-houses in London
MADE IN ALL COLORS. SOLD EVERYWHERE.
CALVE rs
His beard is nealy which are said to have been occupied
as residences by Dr. Samuel Johnson,
Tricycles, run by electricity, are and in which he read Goldsmith's story
Been daily in the streets of London. A ot" The \ icar of Wakefield." 1 hree
of them exhibit the identical chair in which he sat while he read the story.
W, T. ASHBRIDGE, C.E.,
Car-boM't Dlfiinfoct-xn n	Oln
i uo h Power r « r r<
Inw medals nut! ttipli ui.ie far a to ir rrtftihkr u<« preve t tii *otl A«< your de» to »'t,ti*io » Lint* mmiUil *r««o on H|»p irntom.
609 TEMPLE RI ILDINU
TORONTO
li*ve bm
m r: r* t
e* • e.lai.o» ou* (tin Un'» supply
1*1 a ms, Eetiumtee, ete , for
Muni cipal end Priva • Scwerege end Water Supply
EfTATB US 4 I NAM » 4 re h IKM'OTIM r.PTH,
Bridge FeuodMUuii», Couurele Cei*. truction, Kto,
r
Da Laval Cream Separator»
one-legged beggar uses one of these machines, and halts at the curb while he holds out his hand to pedestrians who seem inclined to be charitable.
ALPHA- hand and row...
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
Tit Y OT7K
*
CSSaSP TheWi a. Sutton
"	> Compound Co.
«.'uneultaiH
1. r.,r m-w 1 EogiBCtra Offlee
v	1SC Queen tt. but
Toronto. Canada.
CANADIAN DAIRY SUPPLY CO
CNOLAND
M%*CMFSTEft
If Payne, <,f Uranby, q .r Çigar Manufacturer
“ Pharaoh 10c.
M
Auk yo
ONE NIGHT
om i nr y «irufct* fori
Of Montreal and Winnipeg
Sole Agents far Canada.
-I

<t#»E	pmr week la paid hy city hotitee for all
lU pr ift cal cutter We t« ach you how to cut Writ* for torn *.
0. W. BUNT & CO., Toronto, Tailor*
A GREAT VICTORY
John Ralfe, aged twelve yearn, of
English, Ind., considered Eva Jacobs,
who is two years his senior, his sweetheart. In a fit of jealous rage, because she walked from school with another boy, he shot her with a charge of birdshot, and her right hand had to be amputated.
59.33
sfisfiafli
NKaR post-office
UÉAMITOBA LA 'D
•chuul, station ; *1 VJ i-er acre.
CLAHKK, 2» Atenue PI »c«\ Toron
After a Short, but Hot and Decisive Contest.
Michigan and for Sato.
cha
» C "BtAVZH IXIM)" Ma
*4 neve h. i '• hs A i fiiut i it *
fhe Fnrniy Driven Out	Kidney
min the Vlelem-.Hr. dlllran Veiled and They Peeved True uud
A*k t
lt.i”Ufi L'1-.lLu.g Co., M iIiITm!
ra
Alt
* A
m
LUBY’S
O ree new life to th Hair. It makes it gro» _ aud features the color
Sold by all druggists. 50c. a bottle.
K
Them,
•tradrunt i’rleuds.
pOtfMQM SENSE KILLS Roarhee. Bed r
M	K .u ii ri Mu e 3 H hy all
Druxguta tel quecu W Turoutw i
Amherstburg. Ont., May 29.—Jam. R. Gillean, proprietor of the Lakeview Hotel, here, is one of the happiest men
In town
been in very po >r health, and was a great sufferer from Kidney Disease.
In spite of all that medical skill, and numerous remedies could do, Mr. Gillean grew gradually worse. His sufferings increased, and there seemed to be no hope of curing the disease.
One day a friend called to see him, and advised him to try Dodd s Kidney Pills, telling him they had cured a number of cases, of which he knew, and which were all worse than Mr. Gillean’a. The latter procured a box, and so much good did it do him, that he bought three more. These cured him completely, and he ia now obliged to hold quite a reception, every day, so many friends call to congratulate him on his happy recovery.
Dodd's Kidney Pills are astonishing the medical fraternity daily, by their marvellous success in cases of Bright’» Disease, Diabetes. Rheumat ism. Lumbago. Sciatica, Gravel, Urinary Troubles, Female Complaints, Blood Impurities, and all other Kidney Diseases. Many physicians in this district prescribe them in their practice, always with the best results.
Kidney Diseases cannot resist the action of Dodd’s Kidney Pills which are the only cure on earth for such diseases.
Dodd’s Kidney Pills are sold by all druggists at fifty cents a box, six boxes |2 50, or will be sent, on receipt of price, hy The Dodd’s Medicine Co., Limited, Toronto.
MIC
Deafness
ami
A New York policeman was ill, and
The doctor ex-
wwf g
#	5 ü	g
-HIM	[i I	g
Bjipo	%?	a
Cfc mania Oil 0»., 134 Bay 8t., Toronto
ilAhiRld
ee rvcs *.•*.* _ > Lt AU. k.OPPPK bP ^
h \D
NOISES relieved hv THS COMMON SENS# EAR DRUMS.
M»'le of soft rubber, srv stfe, rem-fort able ami lUTlsible Write fot
For some yearn pa at, he has went to a physician
amined his tongue, questioned him as to
his symptoms, and told him he must get a wheel and lake plenty of outdoor exercise. "Why, doctor, said the policeman, *T have plenty of exercise —I'm a bicycle cop."
Lord
Illy f eng Diet* no T#l#i hot # 17.0
WILLIAM ST., TORONTO
fteotsiooi
oflera epseiai a Han!ages
T-UHU.tlu
' W s « -le i
608191
a quiriu, ihoruukh know ttlgt Cutting and jTltui.g Uwnilruie ¦ U.trmeuis Writ fur l-articulai a
f
•f
pamphlet showing benefit le CaUrrhsl Deafness, Bearing sad Hissing Sounds, Relaxed, Sunken
•rd Thickened Drum#
The Common Sense Ear Drum â Med cine Cos
Limited,
Freehold Building, Toronto.
113 Vonge SI. Toronto. MOVTKFAL
Tfce 11 Balmoral,” Free Bus
ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS
Montreal end Quebec to Liverpool.
Large and Inst Steamers Vancouver,
Dominion, Scotsman, Cambroman.
First Cabin, fM; upwards. Second IR.ftOand * 3 50
For fur.her info me-inn a.ply toi©. al agents, or
DAV ID TOHHAM’K * CO., Ornerai Agent*.
17 bt. bacritment St., Montreal.
dominion Line

Hotel Car slake, 2T: 21"^'
O T R. Station, Moo:real. lieu. Carslake A Co., r
Fhe Dnira Id position
<>P*
rvps.
Uurw assure
a= ew ,p.
ua receipt of |i DH Ki'UHY.PO ll .1
Rheumatism-
Smoke tinted spectacles are worn by the cattle which range the snow-covered plains of Russia. It was discov-
R -te of piuu-sr.*i : Cabin. SÎ : steel u<e
REM3
THE
* J
I'm
at A Oe b. rne fit., Tor:»«*!;. •ii y oui 4
Peterborough
Cor We
FOR
Poultry, a mi uiliei produce, if you ship .t t
an get y u
CATALOGUE.
Hanoe Po.
w (LlMITBD.) W
ered that the glare caused by sunlight on the snow made them blind, and spectacles were fitted to them to protect their sight as they plucked the grass which sprouted through the earth's white
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS
established Ml
L. COFFEE A SU.,
CHAIN AND COMMISSION
MERCHANTS,
8u castors
to
EPPS’S
GRATi PUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
i
Ontario Canoe Co.
J. Z. ROGERS, Manager.
PETERBOROUGH, ONTARIO, CANADA.
ntle

Boom» 400-12 Hoar* of Trade Building,
TORONTO, ONT.
Static of nmo, City of Toledo 1 Lucas County.	*
Frank J. Chiens y makes oath t*>a’ h e in the senior partner of the firm of F. J. Ciiknky & Co., doing huuincBN in the City of To edo. County anil Stale aforesaid, and rhaf « »d firm will pay »he sum of ONE HUN Dit ED DOLLARS for each and every case of C*»la rh that) cannot be cured by the one of Hall's Catarrh
AS*
John L. Coffee
Thomas Fivnn
Hobbs Hardware Go.
ALLAN LINE
BREAKFAST—SUPPER
LONDON.
ST. LAWRENCE ROUTE,
MONTREAL TO LIVERPOOL.
ROYAL HAIL
STEAMERS^
SUMMER SAILINGS.
CANADA PERMANENT
BINDER
CURE.
Highest
Grades.
FRANK J. ORKNEY. Sworn to before me, and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day of December. A.D. I860
A. W. GLEASON.
Notary Public
Loan and Savings Company
TWINE.
IN CO R P* • KAT SD 1865
Lowest
Prices.
•2,600,000
Pold-up Capital
0ALLIA- Msi », June 34. . COEODONGA—M*j 27
Hall's Catarrh Cure Is taken Internally, and sets directly #n the blood and mue u» *ur-fasesof the ey¦ tea». S# d for testimonial*, fr*e.
r. J. CH LNEY it OO., Toledo, O. Sold by all Drugvimlw, 75o.
Hall e Family Mils are the beet.
1,160,000
rve Fund
R

Head Cfflce Toronto St .
Branch Offiee* Winnipeg, Man., Vanosuver, BA
•I
Demerit, All For QuoUti
July L
SSE&IS5&. «________________
Queenatown. $73 50.
For further Informel Ion apply to
H. 60URLIEB, 77 Yonge It., Toronto, or H. A A. ALLAN, Montreal.
Il F 1*0 MTbre received at Interest, paid or oom
ptm odnl If yearly
MERFN11 lt> ieo'ied in Current» or Sterling with ieteiant ovwpmie ittnohed, payable In Canada or in England Eieeutore mud Trust es are authorized by lew to iuveet in the Debentures of this CompMi.y
HOU1 4 UIA.HKB on Real Estate eeeurlty al current ratee nod on favorable conditions ae to repayment
- “rtSSttra*
FW'^AotHERKWs
eruE t/A I I IV Ar	- -
HOW TO MANAGE RATS
A DEARTH OF KINGS.
A large London meat house, which Sad suffered severe lues through the devastations committed by rats, hit
When a French King was charged at some country village a louis d’or for egg, he asked what jdearth of eggs there was that could warrant such a ^QHIHI^^HMIRVIHHHKtrioe. Eggs, your Majesty, are plenti-practiced upon the rodents. Food ful enough, was the reply ; it is Kings
that are scarce with us.
I
1
! \h
i
an
upon a novel scheme to abate the nuis-\ A regular system of kindness
hzalth restored rtSJrttt
ur phased
.SON
Managing Uirecter.
A PâlTUWENT MEDICINE
ance
was
to their taste was left for them at re- !
gular intervals. It was given them to enderstand that the management considered it a great pleasure to have them about the premises. Also felines were banished from the warehouse, ?t the end of six months the rats be-oame quite tame and would eat out of the butcher’s hands. The dainty ¦teats reserved for larger animals were
rodent notions of honor being exceedingly strict. With the result that although the rats are daily on the increase, with no limit in sight, the firm 4s many pounds ahead, and on the road t» prosperity.

i
Revalent» Anürioa Feed,
Du Barry’s
e/ifïLAH/
'fruÀs
We give this 4-Blade Pearl Handle KNIFE for selling 6 packages of our ELITE PENS at 10 cents per package (1 doa. pens in each package.
5§S=f£

All

50 Years’
EsasEs^SF6


& Co, @
Oaeilfhen,
Du
thenceforth left untouched,
agsasssa
/y&A f
U Rw S»
W..u#w

«Skkl
Oem Novelty Co.,Terento, Out.
###PAGE###8###
K.

SNAPS IN WATCHES.
THE SPARLING CASE CONTINED.
consultation the defence
by culling Dr. Hurdnmu
111• ic11 pump j tha? after the autopsy lie had some doubts
1 ,iv deceased ini- ms to whether Stirling vas poisoned I up given water, not, hut after hi. Vail n i In shut.	I tried entirely concurred with hi
is green un the shirt, the man had been poisoned iso the moisture mb We ordvrtd the cou he Kept. I then told

pvned its case who admitted
I
O
w
I
They re
(iood
Kitting and XI wavs Hvliiil.l
I
I
01
M< Of IRE’S SUITS
A tv the Rest TRY THEM
s report lie lm<l jury that
SEE THESE -... PRICES. ! '
l
o
?
u
I lie chief feature nf the Sparling e I rid ay sin vest igut ion, was the vv idenct n. d Miss lYssiu Steele, daughter of Mr. ( .lohn Steele, and cousin of t lie prisuiiei
•	leth.it as the 11VI evidence was in behalf of the de cd that he ««mid |,v,uv< aiul a1>',\u<l proportion of it He was crying and ! a* vontradiehon of the testimony o
v Botnv of the Crown witnesses. For ex ample the witness told an entirely dif ttivnt version of what occurred at tin d tor of Steele’s house on exhibition night
last Septembci
•resent, to that declared before the court ac_ »y Stvah Lewis, The Lewis girl swore a th-'d a low had taken place between the \y0 deceased and his wife, while Tcssie on
•	i Ur 1 \ un “ l^u‘ (dher hand declared positively that no Wt.|i„nvx«min- r"» "Imtvxvy otvurrvd, «mlfurther, that
.lid spliTii. ami fuu.nl - T ku1°wk;,lK« "f *«y X : W. tuund i In- I .rain unite	I,,kv" I'»vv In-tuvv.i Sl*rln,«_ and
t il ,r |}v. b« art I carried ,,	. ° K,nctî the date of their marriage,
PeaHie’s evidence 1h m with a statement that she had returned homo the day before Sparling died, and that she had Previously been afflicted with measles, at which time her symptoms and condition were almost identical with the manner in which deceased had been a fleeted Thk Entity was unable to have a re]ne sentat iv i
I
cast
touts ut t n
tile deeeav,
ditiuii aivl
“ l well
•vis .1101
Solid Silver Case, 7 Jewels, Waltham
" 11
41
<»
n
«1
• «
15
10.1)
1 s
II
II
" 17	“ P. S. Bart ’ft 1	13.00
*¦ 17	“ Crescent St
Nickel capes in place of «liver are .*
2V year gold filed cases are $6.00 m the silver cases. For instance, 11 watch in t Silver case worth $7.oo would be worth $1:1 • lu A 30 year gold ti led, or $1 case.
Gold filled cases arc the ", and the guarantee is stamped Into the metal p of lhe case, together with the maker's name
Y«t\ Large Stock
iff I'Weeds, Serges
Mid Worsteds to
1 loose from.
No
was in
<•
4»
1
I (H

IMsipi
f
Xlxvax - ivndv
iH n't
vt a chan
l
!
II
un Uni
l
hr. I v n u a 23 year been on the !
turned the;a
¦ ' i ' i Been f<*i long it would have
mu
when Xli-x. Watson was
1 for the j
1 the (1
XVI
Un Vv>6

l
XX
il, hr. Lyon much. About
llnf fnr 1	1
( i until’ Ex rr\ Thing
1
<
i
cidvntnlh
than to follow.
it
t
i ran
\v«
WE LK\H

Maki
ŒOODWYN
not
i
5
hvn
The Watchmaker,
SOLE AGENT —
AKM'KIOK, ONT.
roller. That
\ • ' ’ hulv story.’
I’or Genuine Good lilting, Vp to date Suits, n«>«•
M « t i l ' 11 {K.
We sell the
Famous
FYKE SERGI
***
\ ou L M"W and >aw, \vliât of thv death of Spur-
Fi

was the can ling (
(Objected to by Mr, McDougall as illv-objvvtioii oxer ruled. ) l should say, answered tbo doctor, he died of pans gret il. I have no
it all.
Dr. Lyon told of a couple of other paris
that he had been
U K NTS WANTED KO K "THE LIEE and Achievements of Admiral Dewey,” I val the world's greatest Naval hero. By Murat 1 Halstead, the life-long friend and admirer of the nation's idol. Biggest and Best book ; over 500 pages, 8xli‘ inches : nearly 100 pages I halftone illustrations. Only #1.30. Enormous demand. Big Commissions. Outfit free. CUAnce of a lifetime: Write quick.
The Dominion Company' 3rd Floor Vax ton Bldg., Chicago	• 1
A
As
present on Friday, wu give the report uf t his witness’ evidence as given by the Journal correspondent, who says that an important point in the symptoms of Tessiv's illness, was that she had, she said
given poisoning
connected with
similar to the Sparling vast
THE BEST IS CHEAPEST.
so
They were somewhat
v omitted up green stuff ...	...	.	just as Sparling lmd. She knew what her
l>r. I.vni - iiil that after Ins post mor- symptoms were v<-ry well indevd. and
t0.“J l,v 'vls,,v'1 lus k;‘,uis, 111 ""I *»',« aiunnwd quite readily.
any , up. I lus disposed of the Another point for the defence was that theory that arsenic was introduced into the witness said everything she tasted the stomach from soap on the doctors wa8very hitter. This will he used to hands, while hemg carried down to the «how that the hitter taste Spading found
coronet s.	in his whiskey was the result of his having
t.onion re-examined the doctor ,|,e measles, and was a symptom of the I? would not nave made any dif-1 disease
ferem-e as to the presence of arsenic in When Sparling came home Friday, a the stomach whether a large piece of In- week before his death, his feet were wet.
ÎT h?:* ,,ev'!	1 ' X ,lllcc Vr If- He didn't have time to change his socks,
Dr. \ allée had said m Ins report that the as someone came in for him just as he results were completely negative as re- waK g,lln,, to (1(, BO
g.irds any other organs except the stout- and Tessie said to him,
Rvh. His letters were handed in as evi delict
*4
are ooegnalM in Quality and
Heir Fences are Hie Best.
Mi
Colerisoa & Greta
ucv.
Are shewing a very large and well-selected stock in the following lines :—
Hu was sneezing “ You are taking
Hardware merchants sell these goods and can supply you. If they fail, you write the manufacturers at Picton.
THE B. GREENING WIRE CO., Gen. Agis., Hamilton and Montreal.
SOLD ALSO BY CANADIAN HARDWARE JOBBERS.
t he measles Probably, s>iid Sparling, I never had them before, and I guess 1 caught them
SIDEBOARDS,
PARLOR SUITS BEDROOM SUITS, COUCHES, LOUNGES, EXTENSION TABLES, SIDEBOARDS,
DI NINO ROOM CHAIRS, FANCY ROCKERS, BABY CARRIAGES,
DR. VALLEE 8 EVIDENCE.
The evidence of Dr. Valiev, Govern-Droîa y<)U; mvnt analyst of Quebec, was taken on ^,at night he slept away from home at Friday morning. 11 v stated that he	had	tke place he was working. He came
found arsenic in the deceased's stomach	| home very sick Saturday night. He went
in toTessie’sroom, said the witness, and,	.	.,
tity was less t han half a grain and a part I emitted there.	T"? >uu lf > hfa ' H. ' Afuir
of it was exhibited to the jury on a Cor “ he take good care of himself," the,.r damage the deceased became mel-celaiu chip. His opinion was that de-	Mr. Rainville.	ancholy.and down cast. He often spoke
ceased came to Ins death by paris green “ No, he wouldn't. He was warm and of th® Wil>' h,s father	h»"«
poisoning. The defence, however,	ole	went to the window and stood in a draft.	0ne tlme	an8ry	sal1'	he	felt	like
ta.ned some important concessions in	the	Then he would go near a stove. I told	9""*,"?'	hm> *nd ,llowlm8	UH	the build-
chinions of the doctor that the arsenic I k*in he wasn't taking good care of him-	dyn.umtc, at which her father
might have got into the body from an- wlf. as his voice was hoarse. Mrs. Spar and-Alice had^ renumstrated w;th him
other source than that suspected and that was away from home all this time	lie should not think of doing such
half a grain was not sufficient to cause|tkat * tel1 *bout that Sparling was so a thinK ^ }}v would he found out anti
' "	' '	1 pumsht d. Sparling replied that he would
When his wife came home what did I not gi're them » chance, a» ho would put
she do,” asked Mr. Rainville.	» an end to himself first
44 She went up-stairs and asked how he I ^he court then adjourned to 11 o'clock
was. She told him that lie should take {JmU ï!‘ ,1S?Iut<i J,,a"k'thv <ivf(‘1Ilve to Pr<>
..„	sws EBBJÎ5EHE
I beg to report that I have received room and heard what she said t • him. ed,—did not tile an appearance, and the a box containing for analysis :	I 1'his evidence seems to show that the j long, tedious case, so far as evidence taking
44 A. —Sample taken from a box label- prisoner had a solicitude for her husband • WAS concerned, was declared closed
A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING Pr! green’ found in the },vusv of that has nut appeared before in the evi
9 John Steele.	dence.
but not in the other organs
The quan
made the prisoner shrink, and many spot tutors sway again to that side. Mr. Gordon went over every fact carefully, and showed how each train of circumstances would tit the facts of the case, except the theory of murder. He ridiculed the explanation of i'essie Steele of how the paris green on the bed was put there to kill bugs. She had not been examined before the coroner's jury, and unlike other witnesses she was unhampered by another and a previous oath. For four hours Mr. Gordon spoke.
[ With rubber tire wheels]
GO CARTS,
EXPRESS WAGONS, SHOO FLY ROCKERS, v MATTRESSES,
CAMP STOOLS.
had
death.
Following arc the two reports sent by Ur. Yallee, last fall, after the analy were made :
His Honor Judge Lavergne, In addressing the jury at considerable length charged strongly against the prisoner. ZL„ made a careful review of the case, taking up each morsel of evidence and weighing it carefully. He felt convinced that there wasn’t a link missing to establish the fact that Sparling had come to his death from
SUR
He
We have everything in the line of House Furnishings.
THE EXPERTS REPORTS

OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS
»rie greet! poisoning, and if
H H ri Ulm * ' lon rose •llni in ,K*0W I “at conclusion was established, there
tiuKicte the bed m which Sparling died.	1 Kuess n°L answered Sparling good men nn*d true.” If circumscribed in the prisoner’s innocence.
...	..... •S’S&'iitrr	*
' .......1MM8B
mm spill 1 tas
jsiiss^s^sssas pniiiss sssess
'ITf&nw.	')¦.s*»f*y r.i„g .h™ iw*	tt:ta,Tqrrau,,.d.ii^,d'
Section of small intestines.	' lvek‘ ««videnco was resumed, she swore fellow tsMiig. A crime has been committed, fiction.
vss followed for analysis ,lim ,lv had become despondent and as 111 showing that the medical side of 1 he failure of the jury to agree will was the same as for the analysis.,!' Vh • diHCuu«»»wl and did not seem to care very tfie ca-e had not been satisfactory.	necessitate a new trial, which may take
-.... -.- '*-*•*"»	K
(Sgd.) A. V XL! EE ” n*vw wanted to return to Thorne again, Juan, a Pontiac masher,1man heft™ movements of our Ie«aI machinery.
... T. .. , .,	because of the way his father had treated ^hon“. aI1 the feminine hearts Kuccumh
Since Dr. Xallées evidence Mrs. Spar- him.	Mrs. Sparling would not have cared for XT T „ w. , ..
. , „„.,. B!pSSi!	BlW
Connecting with Hull E.ectnc Railway ling was lemoned and stated that arsenic dare,I if he married her he would not ' , Asa Gordon, it I, safe to sav, made the T t u u V- A.^ dp,eph


Next Door to Donaldson's Jeweller; Store.
!
.1
As usual this Branch of our business is equipped with all necessary supplies including the best embalming appliances.
ling
li
<
“ I have to-day completed the résulta »f my analysis.
JK;

3

'A ns really paris green, id ( ’.	1 he leaves of the plants
•red with paris green.
D. and K. — Splinters cut from lioor and sill of window show n
\
I
0TTAÏ1TA&GATINEAU RF
traces of
CH ANGE OF TIME
mo
NO
No
Fuliic Pacific Joacii fly
o
con
I
Official Time Table :
A.M
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tBreckeuridge r Lard ley Parker's Crossing t Mohrs Quyon Wyman's tTank Bristol McKee's Shaw ville Clark’s
Campbell’s Cay ?Tank Î Vltiton Cou I on ye •Mellon's Waltham .
•Flag Station. tTank. t Flag Station
Arrive 9.45
6 00
9.21
6.12
9.06
SS
6.16
• •
t 20
8.50
rgans. i he
M
6.37
6.47

8.40
8.22
n
6.56
«•
6.14
6.58
ii
8.06
vours
ii
7.04
8 02
7.LU
7.52
7.45
7.31
8.00
ii
7.18
i
8 03
«I
7.10
8.12
11
8.30
ii
8.47
8.55 Arrive
at Aylmer
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENE RAL SUPERINTENDENT j Cl
L

