###PAGE###1###
T
«
1
\
Z	3U. c .

/
/

UITY

No. :io
Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC' COUNTY,
QUE.,
THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1001.
*1.00 A Year
in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
! :i" J I will givu y «mi é; itinfuction.
Înpîiu |
I
)
n.ir jKtri„i
Vt V !H htlO. i t ài fui
•i couple of " legal exile election, ir vx
8
item of it in j: on i •i in tho 1
!
rig the 1 X tiiiil will
M‘k
I
t M
i
OTTAWA, CANADA
.......
i
f

i. u

Newness
In Every Department.

CP CANADA.
I
1
I
lt'«t
Dr. MvVIiev, dent étantly in ut tendance
Aiijjjj i
teutlon to all rcifiming his 8ui vi. vs
!

III eon II.tl a?
l
I
we had little I>011 nod the item that >ne in particular; >ur friend has dis* 1* fond himaelf haw nvlusiun that we had
Mr. John Doylo, of F Tpper Litchfield, I where c naciencc ^v-uUMk- Wu*w< re
sxzzc'"**'	siss
Hoard of director» ;
CAPITAL - - - 86,000,000.
non. On., rurv.jt. jK.	Johh Ma »-» n ko
At,,. **™b*Xu Mc,r»;vm *a<l.h„; RESERVE FUND,
l!

nny
«1 which i effort to
Mr- T 0. Wright, of 11,11, ,|iv,l mul- t,‘"
- 2,600.000.1 a StrSwtiiLTU*   : 8“
1	^	I touehvul
Il
f
OEOROFBURN D. M. FIN NI K
Head Oflive, • Montreal.
Genera] Mani/er •• •• Mur.fc^tr,
Rrsi.< he» •
IN ONTARIO
Ktewuin. Kemptv llo, Maîuwn, Ottawa,
MMBiiLu: branch,	.s&r*raj2
Money loaned on approved security at gical survey of Canada in jduce of tli*» i r *• lsl‘ Pf inVer * ink for the benefit
reasonable rate*.	lute G. M. Dawson.	j - ‘r- u. ivs t » flu- tune of $=.175.00. It
I	must bu admitted that
Farmer* note* bought ftud collected.	Mewa. McDonald & Bath, “ tho two little st
Money transferred to all part* of tbe world, tail urn, arrived in town on Wednesday j were ; I
%*#t. T!i. y will < upy Mr.J Me irth
building.
Alner drla. Am prior, Avonmorr, Mracrbrl'lfe,
(1er le too
Lanark,
îimir.ld>
R-t Portage,
W i r. N*,,
- Hank fit. H. i.fr. w
do Ridft*u St* Toronto.____
VenklHk Hill
)
(lo
was a very snug *•> make on the side, as it Hit does n >t seem to have been eoual to our friend s idea of the great poa* si lui i tics for money-making, through the
Front, which has been advertised in these	" , IeI,resontH only a «omewhat
columns for some weeks past.	radical mod ideation of the account with
..	.	which the financial agent was billed with
Mere is a conundrom : W hy is a news- at the outset.
Manager, paper like a wifej? Because every man How o n- friend's presses must have hum
should have one of his own and not run med, and what loads and stacks of cam-after his neighbor*.	paignliterature must have issued from
Auctioneer J. J. Turner's sale at Mr. r*e ^^'ocate office during those monien-
Cork cry's last Wednesday was a great I , *tw,) weeks preceding election ! Talk
success, aotwithstas: ling the inclemency iT*	KettinS a whole printing
of the weather. Everything was sold a* r • t °Ut ‘ , t’!ect,onH* our friend inf airly good prices,	sin nates, why it would fake only a few
i i •	.	elections, indeed, calculated on the Gil-
.J udging from the press report* the lies'basis of profit to outfit the Advocate storm of Sunday rnght warn pretty general from cellar to garret with a spink-epauk all over the continent, and in some cases new plant,, including a Web perfecting exceptionally sev< lemoralizing rail-1 pressf way and telegraph service.
Pl&rt,
Hâwkeilufy,
tM
SiuiU/e Falls
1
New Dress Goods and Trinjmings, New Cottons and Linens,
New Laces and Embroidery,
New Lace Curtains and tyuslins, New Straight Froqt Corsets,
IN MANITOBA
1er h
BAV1NG8 BANK.
Accounts opened for Amounts of one dollar# and upwards and Interest allowed.
OrricR Hours Katvrdayi .
Dauphin,
W'nt
Portage U Prairie IN QUEBEC î
Montreal
Hull
Urhute
C
Khawii.^gan lalle.
Agent# in Canada, New York and CL flunk of Montreal.
Agent# in bl Paul-Meiebante Net Punk! I Agent# in Loudon, Eng.—Parr's Hung Ltd
¦J
JO A.M. To 3 P M. 10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F.A.PAKKKIl
'¦ago-
>«

j
LOCAL NEWS.
Church Services
METHODIST CHURCH.
Try Me	cry fur fr< h and I Fartob»—Rev. w. Bowman Tucker, m.a,
eurccl fitih.	I	Rev w. R. Johuiton.
Services every Sabbath at 10.30 a.m ; 7, p rn Mm« Corn Thompson, of Portage du Juoday School at 9 30, a. no.
K„rt, who lias been ««tin, lure for the
|«wt week, returned to her home on Sun- General Prayer Meeting, Friday, 7,30, p.m day last	| Everyone welcome.
For Sale.—-A second-hand buggy, new ly painted and in good repair. 1 # t at Lawton's Paint Shop, Smiley's block.
A dinner pad tilled with choice soda biscuits for 1ib cents at the Palace Gro eery, Shaw ville
Tlje very Newest and a Great Seller.
A Card
Appy
The new interprovincial bridge between Hull and Ottawa is now open for tra and it is exjmeted • "rawa and < itfneau\„	,
V alley trains will be running into the ‘ ’	1 '‘*ln ;*on.—V Crade—Annie
central depot at Sapper's bridge in the	Telford 1, Hertha yuinn 2. IV Grade
•• a few days.	r	| —Mabel Maitland and Robert Stark
equal 1, Gertude Carey 2. Ill Grade —Katie Crick 1, Herbert Mai.land 2, Amelia Stark Ida Stark and Flosie Telford equal, 11 Grade—Lousia Stark r,,uajgjk^Mriry Crick 3,%Loyd c ir^HPl&:iTicet^'jx 1.
L^armichacl, Teacher.
W*, the undesigned, do hereby agree to refund the money on a 50-oeot bottle of Greene’s Warranted Syrup of Tar if it , fails to cure your cough or cold. We You want a . « wing Machine ! Get also guarantee a 25-cent bottle to prove the best. See T. A. Waimnan’s stock of satisfactory or money refunded.
Singer just in.	,	Shaw ville Drug Co.
Feb. School Report
flic
W. T. Kuo
/
New Spring and

Chicago had a terrible catastrophe on Monday owing to the explosion of a boiler in a large s+eam Lundiy. The buiklii g v v ¦	•	. od and tin
employees, over 2Of) in all, were buried in tins ruina. M my were injured and a number crushed t > death, while others burned in the consuming ruin
I will pay £ 1.70 cWi per standard for good pine logs. J. J. McCleary, Shaw-ville.

Summer Goods
, *AF ( V *v Large assortment at Dale Brus'., Shawvillo.
Mr. Wm. H. P«>upoie, post n. is ter at j Two Dollars per standard paid for Waltham was in town on Thursday last J flust-class Pine Logs at Elliott's Saw
call. I Mill, Shawvllle.
The 2 Tailor’s suits

1, May V 1.
<

Are coming in Every Day.
«
and favored The Equity with a
were
Every Department filling up with the very best Goods in the market. Buyers would do well to come in and see us before making Spring purchases.
A past 1 letter deeliog with the Mr. TIios McDowell, of the 7th range, I ? ou ut the approaching election has took an aged .Shorthorn hull and Mix i lo the clergy of the archdiocese if month» old calf to the stock sale in |fcawa ^ Archbshop Duhame', The Ottawa last Wednesday. The hull was archhi«T |> instructs his clvrty to enj .in sold to Mr. Andrew Sly, of Clarendon, ' hhddul to assist in every way pussi-f“V £7\ and h is been brought liack to th- !t)1,$ l,,e ^r*Gniera‘oro and to ate that accu- ! - --ip. The t ilf brought the high ' returns and details of the population
,	,	'T ! w .v bo-!/ !,y un „ut- Iate 8t‘c'Jr^-
test aikl * ; aider
Horses fob Sale
rues-
i>een
. nst mg tiros., of Ladysmith, offer for sale three team of homes including one team of jot blacks weighing 3C00 pounds.
are suiting.
Just received a quantity of Rock. Salt,
J. 0. McGvm;

<;et your next suit at the 2 Tail
i.Vlh. pails of Perfection Syrup for •SI.Io at McGuire» grocery.
Only 10 days more and
îr sale will If you want a pair of boots come them at once.
>r«
close, and u
H ive your c ibtom sawing d< ne l»y J. I ç ,	k)0 ]>ro<1 f
J. MU'learv, Shaw ville. Ile will give I factory can*».
y« u best satisfaction	1
plfbl: c notice
Shoe store at once
T. ifullio, B
Ate?."1
....-, ,„ Jr... _ ..................JtiArr* ..............LêtiEHHE
Drummond of the tear of Bristol, died bread and Drown bread, at McGuire’» Lancelot Banks, manager of tl Jceed to the oxanupation and correction of on F r.day evening last, after a lingering grocery.	Kempt ville skating rink v. as murdered	Listv- >!"
1 nese fronl eonsu,llPt,on-	Mr Wm. Shaw, of	Nepean street	Ot	in l"s o9ice on Wednesday night last by I .rGl!en at s*>*viHe this Seventh day of
Wanted. - Local agents, steady cm- tnwn, spent a day or	two	in town this	Heven4* Inen under theinduence of liquor.	>» oriL‘ thousand nine	hundred and
ployment. Good wage» to every ener- week.	A man named John Garret is said to
getic men and women. Write to TIios. p» • uf ... f	have dealt Ranks a Mow on the head J
"gpz-, , 	EEEEEHE11 :
----------------
L, „l
J. H. SHAW.

i

i
?. S.-New Spring1 Hats.
*

ono
J. K. HORNER,
Secretary-Treasurer
YOUR

WANTED
Tenders fur Cheese Maker
L\Drug
Store T rad e
SEALED TENDES, marked “Tender»/1 m,	, f .	.	„	I " ill be received by the undersigned,
.11,0 iypi.it of the existence of a case till FRIDAY, MARCH Kith. for a 01 «mal I pox at William Stanley's in the conipett;ntCHEESE-MAKER for thcCIar* rear of Clarendon, was verified on Sun- endou ( hvc c and Butter Company fvr the
-...,, dnEE=B5?s I ™
Clmudivro bridge at Ottawa on Monday T. A. Wain man’s]	• - and .ouml two czl'-km — a boy and a youn-f mahe the cheese and furnish his own tup
last.	I man, 1 he former had almost entirely P‘*eSe Ghce.se maker is to weigh and keep
re ;ovvrvd fron 1	i:»	of ; II milk
Mg the factory, weigh and box all
ly for shipment ; also heese that will com*
up
next
*7 TV—


An unknown man, supposed to !>e Patrick Ryan, hofcel-keejer of Almonte,

BUGS

f
:
L>
Atte dEiEHSii-
morning in the families of Mr. Le i.
and Mr. Paquette.


M

i
C !
evi
it. 3
z
VII
~

it
m,
m drove rv
man s c how eve i

\

PCM
V
t
»5S
<
Medicines
ini ! lie deoto ring upon i
of the I
Stanley, with aevera t
irking in the shanty in the Wal.ua pibie • eg ion, a wt came homo about 4 week, ago when the di Izoke out there Seventeen days alter he had left SValin . Pit* showed symptoms of the disease
I
the highe
It y »

St'RIN
1
price, f rany tender not nc
-including all ti,,
standard remedies-.to be had at the I‘a
lice Grocery, Shaw ville. W. T. f
VI
U
in pronom strict qti
i I (
idered a ami in-
f'S

If you have any logs or shingle blocks to sell take them to J. G. Elliott, Shaw ville, who will pay you the highest cash price going.
Tho Murray limit* and maw m il in the vicinity of North 15ay have ten mold to George Gordon & Co. Tho machinery ia being taken out and moved to Cache Biy.
Anti-American riots occurred last week in the city of San Juan de Porto Rico. The trouble arose over the repremanding of a school girl by a school superintendent. Bloodshed was averted.
The Manitoba railway deal recently entered into between the provincial government and the Greit Northern Railway Company is to come up for discussion in the House of Commons.
t
i

1
tidvrs
ROBERT SMART,
President C. C. & B. (
Alii

1
Practical workmen make perfect wor! l he 2 Tailors.
other young men was w
There are so many reasons why you ought to trade at The Dr in; Store that there ' this little advertisement to tell them all. One son is that we are modern—we keep pace with new ideas and new conditions.
As fast as anything better than have is invented we secure it.
As fast as we discover Newer and Purer and more Desirable things, wo take them up. But the old reasons are best of all—the reasons that have always governed us. These arc :
Reliability,
Purity,
v ville P. O. Cjitc


lhe I . I . J. R. has had iN big snow plow engaged on the line rince Sunday night « storm, and ko far there has been
no interruption of traffic on our loci I line
is no room in
rea-
TARIFF OF TOLLS

»
*
To lie Collected during Seasou of 1901, by Tho Quinze Rapids Improvement Company, Limited.
A case of snmc interest wax devilled in	—
•sazTOSt IFc- us=» improvements.
protection, sewerage md street improve- |?£,buM prt»ceedii ge at Bryson Against , mont, and it is to bo hoped that this I r‘ ^ ^ Workman, of the samo place, time the move will result in accomplish- rD1 d*mab'VH u> ,liH farm through the ing something in the direction aimed at ,,reakmK <>f the mill dam on tho old Laird
was car

Macfarlano vs. Workman
Splendid assortment of Oranges -all sdes, from 15c. to 55c. at t he Palace
w. T. Eakl.
we
Grocery
Saw logs 17 feet and under in length, per thousand feet board measure........................
Red and While Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round
or flatted, over 17 feet and der 30 feet long, per thousand feet board measure ..........
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce Hemlock, round or flitted, 3 feet long and up ds in lent fit, per thousand ’nwrfi ne a r*
0 cents
Notice.—All parties indebted in any way to the lato firm of Cuthberson, Graham & Elliott, arc requested to pay over to me the respective amounts due not later than April 10th, 1901
Honesty, Promptness Freshness of Stock.
un
Andrew Carnegie, the multi-million I ,UM p s to the rear of his farm aire steel magnate, will give	r»*d away
$100,000 for a public library if the city A Kr,‘at	J
will spend $7,500 a year to maintain it I tor‘‘,,u 1 'S' 1 ‘>v.gLe, and judgment
his j ^ke mun,ficenfc offer will likely be ac- rt,n.^er®^ m Juno last dismissing tho cepted.	I «action.	%
7 4 cents
JaS. ClTTHBFRSON
evidence was tak 3ii be
was
The Beet always never “the next best." The Best for You Is the Best for Vs.
Before purchasing an enlargement elsewhere call on Imison and view 1
prices He enlarges in crayon, Indian	f * .
iSElSSS iSMMR ill
defied.	H. rv.HO.v, A Hut, ham's furniture -tore, a L early „ date	"" '
Pontiac House. ' as convenient.

THE DRUG STORE,
of h’s 11-vv*r, ' '
I
P
9 cent*
I. t
T.irnsr-.c,
square
‘luMiR-nd
SHAWVILLE.

i
i ii
'’ente
v
X
y
<
r"

i.
k

###PAGE###2###
'





1
Trie* te R«Im the Dt»l.
A remarkable attempt was made to Denmark recently U> bring back to lift t man wbo had died In a hospital. Th, experiment was measurably auooeeeful M resuscitation was effected several hours after the man was pronounced dead. Dr. Mnng, who was In charge, was uuable to maintain life, however.
The patient had died from typhoid fever, and Dr. Man g decided to try an experiment Respiration had ceased completely end the body was cold. Direct massage of the heart was resorted The chest was cut open directly the heart and through the In
••It1» hen,1* efre aatd. - She makes
a rainy day, and emjr wild hab* oi my early youth discarded.
piàtatlsa. I did not speed my nights drinking and gambling. I did net west# my substance la riel. I did not spend the hoars which should have been devoted to study in recovering from the effects of whisky and beer. A new way to rise in the world I You'll sink down to the very gutter. What right have yon to ask a girl to marry you f
I put my head down on my hands, and hid my face for very shame. It was all true enough. Î was reckless, wild, unsteady.
Yet I tried to falter forth an assertion that I was not so bad as some men after all, and that I intended to hare a large practice, and be steady and prosperous some day. Above all, that I loved Helen better than my life ; which was true enough Heaven knew.
“Good intentions pave the way to
TIE GOLDEN LILT.
'em. ît*a wax.”
'** Yes, ye»,'1 I said, remembering on the Instant that wax flower-making was a favourite gmuaement o! Helen’s
“Let me see her."
The girl ran away.
I waited In intense anxiety, expecting my darling, sure that I should see her, my heart, palpitating, my hands trembling.
At the sound of a step upon the stair I started to my feet and stood ready to clakp her to my arms, alas 1 only s stout, elderly female,with a vulgar face, and coarse, ^ed hair, entered.
I shrank back as ahe stared at me
It 14 needles# to say that the ment my time cxf probation ’had expired I lingered no longer.
Oonfldlng my patients to s brother physician on whose skill I relied, I took passage far London at once, and arrived there uj day, with a heart beating wildly with the emotions Which were natural on account of the near approach of my reunion with Helen.
I only lingered In the city long enough to banish the traces pf travel from my person, and thon, dressed as becomingly as I knew bow—for whoever forgot personal appearance on such an occasionf—I jumped into a train which ran through the town where I had parted, three years before from my darling.
The time otf the journey was four hours—it seemed an eternity to me.
1 could scarcely wait for the train to slacken speed when the town was reached. I strained mj eyes to catch sight of the poplars that grew Above her dwelling, and rather ran than walked down tbs wide street which led to the green lane on which Mr. Harrington's mansion stood a sight met my eyes that transfixed me to the ground In horror.
The poplars stood green and tall as ever, but beyond them arose only ene ruined wall, with empty windows, and at Its foot a heap of rubbish, charred and blackened, and telling, as 1 thought, of a recent conflagration.
I was too much overcome lo mo vs for many moments, but at last I Burned courage to make inquiries with a throbbing heart. I walked up to an old woman who stood at an opposite door, and asked her If she could tell me where to find Mr. Harrington.
She shook her head.
“No," she said; “nor So one In the place. They went away In the night and we re never heard of 'em. Per-
" Wbhft 14 the price of that plant, hay friend P I asked of the little German florist at the corner shop.
The mas earned exactly the sum which I possessed In the whole world, and I paid it and took the flower.
“ Were you mad P I hear a reader aak No, friend, I was oqly in love.
The lady of my heart had a weakness for rare flower#, and I felt eure that she would prise such a gift beyond expresaloi. Therefore, I forgot the various persons to whom the sum I expended was due for value received, and felt happy with the great pot with It# nodding foliage in my arm#.
PERSONALITIES.
Pope Loo XIII does not speak Eng» Hah, though he began to learn It more than 60 years ago tn Brussels.
In the days of their greatest prosperity Gilbert and Sullivan are said to have divided between them $200,000 * year.
Charles 8. Francis, the new American minister to Greece, Is a gruliate of Cornell, but before going to college learned the printer’s trade In Troyt N. Y.
Robert Dick Douglas, a grand son ol Stephen A. Douglas of Illinois, bas been appointed by Governor Russell ta the office of attorney general of North Carolina.
* glorious October
mi
but
to.
over
dslon the physician passed bis hand and seized the heart He commenced a series of compressions, and In a short time the heart commenced to work of
its own accord heart gradually became stronger, but
had not commenced to Only after the heart had
in surprise, and strove to compose myself. '
The action of the
M I desire to see the lady who made this,” I said.
" That’s me ; I dispose of ’em,” she answered. “ What oan I do for you Î”
" You I” I faltered. "I beg that you will tell me from what that flower was copied, sod where you obtained the vase."
" Honestly," she said. "But, bless us, you’re not ill P*
"No," I said. "But that flower Is ao old friend of mine ; I will pay my for Information (n regard to it."
The woman looked at me doubtfully.
I laid a sovereign upon the table.
"Tell me all you know of the plant from which this was copied," I said.
She smiled—her finger touched the
the man
brent In*
been acting half an hour did the first
gasp for air come.
The patient was then assisted In tills for about an hour until finally he able to breathe quite freely. At the same time his cheeks began to asa natural color. lie lay In this
It wag the rarest Lily I had ever
I was not skill*# enough In the the lower regions," said the old gentleman, when I had finished. Speaking
Frank Svoboda of New York has returned from the Klondike world. Ho la 12 years old and made the trip on foot where often the temperature was GQ degrees below aero.
The Geographical Society of Phils delphla has presented the Elisha Kent Kane medal to Dr. A. Donaldson Smith of that city In recognition of hi* recent explorations In Africa.
Secretary of the Navy Long denies the report that be Is going to Colorado to live. Ills daughter Is going to that state on account of her health, but Mr. Long mays he will always consider Massachusetts bis home.
Sir Richard Webster, now Lord Al-verstone, the English lord chief Justice, when called to the bar made $1,600 In the first year of his practice ami $5,000 the second. Before his latest promotion be was making $100,000 a year. Professor Schiaparelli retired on Nov. Result: A 1 from the directorship of the observatory of Milan, where be bad been al work for the last 40 years. He baa been one of the most conspicuous fig-That evening the landlord laid the ures In Italian science. His successor
Mr. H. N. Goddard of ClytTe Manor, who died recently on his ninety fourth birthday, was one of the old order oi English country squires. His family had been settled In Wiltshire ever since The nuisance continuing, In due the reign of King Johu, and the estate second and stronger letter of Clyffe-Pypard hud descended to him
varieties of flowers to know whether the man told me the truth or not when more kindly than before, but «till de-he g»td that only he possessed a flow- oidedly. "I etnnot give my daughter to ,r of thoee colour», and that by oer- ! ono who has given no proof that he intain mystic florlat a t, h, had pro- tende to put them in practice. But duccd the flower which he called the , *rom J«ur habita. I have always "golden Illy." lut I felt that It H*#d 7°»- I think you might, If you might very well be no when I obaerv- «tow, become an honour to your pro-
ed It, aplendor.	,eeei'00' ind "'«• iB the world in eT*ry
II wu almost pure gold. aav. «-nee ; and afnoe Helen has given her
whore. ,t th. bottom of the cup. lay j heart to you, I will make a oomprom-
lleoki of eoorlet and white, and beelde <“• Too can afford to wait for each
K the ether 1111m on the etand lost °'h«r. Abandon your evil hab.ts, go
«' '•*
of a good woman, and et thé end of three years return
what you should be, you may have my child."
Three years ! It seemed an eternity to a young and ardent lover, but Helen wao the only girl in thg world for <he, and I had only the choice of mv obeying her father’s mandate, or parting from her for ever.
Besides, the old gentleman was right ; my companions and my habits had not won me the regard of our town, where the medical students were almost s public nuisance from their wildness an# dissipation.
I resolved to do whatf I knew would
WH9
turnerMpp—jBppj
condition another half hour, but without regaining consciousness or ap|)e#r-lng to feel tho effects of the Incision. Then there was a reaction and respiration ceased, although the heart continued to act eight hours longer. A second effort was made to Induce heart action, but without result
Then
sum
KipllBE end the Bee Owner. ,
After leaving Vermont Rudyard Kipling bought a place In the little English Tillage of Rottlngdean, and In his garden were some beautiful trees. One of these trees, branching over the road, threatened dally Injury to the driver of the local bus. Therefore be and his conductor waged destructive war on all the vulnerable twigs within reach from the bus roof vigorous letter of complaint from Mr. Kipling to the bus owner, who Is also landlord of one of the local Inns.
sd
money.
" It's breaking faith." she said, "but Til tell you, I didn’t make U, I couldn’t. But you see a lady does 'em that boards with me. I was her serrant once, and She's come down to her living that way. That ain’t
The pot in which it wag planted was a cariosity, too, a Chinese thing with a perspective leas picture of a lady walking beside a little blue river attended by a person with a fan and Surrounded by square flower-pots.
The florist offered to send a boy With the pot, but I would not permit It. Who knew that the plant would arrive whole and sound and undecapitated at ltd destination f
I carried It myself high In my arms, the flower out of harm’s reach above my head, the leaves fanning my face, and found myself in the presence of Helen Harrington, exactly at the moment when she tripped, watering-pot In hand, into her garden.
Thetf If you are
ü£LL!
earn
for sale. It’s one she made for herself, to keep, a flower she was fond of before her eyes. But she makes others—beauties—and she supports herself and her blind father by It. He’s very proud, and won't let It be known. Bo I pretend It’S me, and
letter before the select company of the tor parlor. They advised an attitude of calm Indifference. Also a Croesus among them offered $2.60 In cash for the autograph letter. Both advice and cash were accepted.
haps you're a friend of theirs!"
"Yea. yea/' I gasped. "Tell me all	em-
Ml know "	My heart beat rapturously.
" Is she here ?” I asked. " In this

“You see, Mr. Harrington failed two years ago," said the woman, that crushed him down, and then the bank broke where he had a little left after things were settled, and then someone set his house on fire, and he was so burnt that he loet his sight and they couldn't bear, I suppose, to live, in comparative poverty where they had lived #o Weil, so they went away secret-like, and have not been eeea since, nor heard of. aay she was married, bait that may be
and some say they're in
house f”
The woman answered that they were, "but would see no one.”
" Give her thin oar#,” I said, " she will see me.”
And I waiting onoe more In the llt-,jtle parlor—this time not In vain, •for In a few momenta the door opened once more, and I elaaped my Helen, aa beautiful and charming as when I
“and
ultimately be for the best; and having
declared my resolution, found s friend Of cours* she admired the flower, iln ^ ol4 merchant.
and of course she thanked me, and he:
Smiles were so bewitching and her eyes so bright, and she was so evidently really pleased, that I found courage to speak bib I had not dared to speak before, end tell her %ow I loved
course ft
followed the first The landlord con in a direct Hue from father to son fol vened another bar parliament, and the 350 years.
second letter also found a buyer, this The German emperor recently pre* time at $5, as befitted Its increased eented a marble bust of hiuisvlf tq violence. And Boniface again "sat yaron Beck, chief of the staff of the tight!” To him next day entered Mr. Austrian army. The bust Is on a large Kipling, briskly wrathful • “Wbj gra|e an(j weighs 1.800 pounds. Ban didn’t I answer your letters, sir? Why,	js having bis house tborong?
I was hoping you’d .send me a fresh overhauled by military engineers to a# one every day. They pay a deal better certain If there be any spot In It cap* !
ble of bearing so enormous a weight | W. 0. Whitney thus replied to a tele.
_ ^	. .. gram asking If there was any founds#
In Smyrna, Turkey and Egypt the ^on for tbe newspaper report that be % bargaining language Is about the same. wftg	M
“\\ hat you give, lady	u apply to the lady, you will ascef
"I won’t give, anything! I don’t tR||l wbat lg true Tbat ebe bafl UCve
want It! What! Do you think 1 BpokeD to me |n ber ufe and would ne*
would carry that back to America?" know me jf we ehouid chance to meet
“But you take hold of him. You feel ,g R peasant Illustration of the liberty him silk. 1 think you want to buy. of the preag Ver’ cheap. Only four pound!”	ÉjjÉ|
“Four pounds !” I say In French.
“Ob, you don’t want to sell. You want to keep it! And at tbat price you will keep it!”
"Keep It!” In a shrill scream. “Not want to sell? Me? 1 here to sell! I sell you everything you see! I sell you the shop!" More wbeedlingly, “You INHERITANCE.	give me 40 francs?”
Your daughter’s voice, said the pro- “No,” In English again. "I’ll give
feasor, after the first lessom, really has you $2.”-
n fine timbre	"America! Liberty!” he cries, hav-	,	__.
Th.r., .......	.«rrrr.v?»'.d,,:r .;„rr
oriental guile. “How much you give given preference over rapid growth, for him? Last price, now. 8ix dol Whenever bushes or suckers arc seen larsT*	- growing around the apple and peaü
We haggle over “last prices” for a trees you may know that the orchard quarter of an hour more, and after does not pay.
two cups of coffee amiably taken to- One advantage of good drainage In gether, and some general converwatlqp tbe orchard Is that the fruits will usaI buy the thing for $3.—Lilian Bell ir ally come to maturity earlier than on Woman’s Home Companion.	sudralned land.
If the fruit trees are spilt by frost, seat grafting wax. spread It on a piece if muslin and place It over tbe wound, tying It to keep in place.
When pear trees refuse to grow and sppear dormant, cultivate them well and apply plenty of wood ashes around them. The batching of tbe tent caterpillar can. In a great measure, be prevented by going through the orchard and picking off tbe clusters o<
He give me letters of Introduction to persons of influence fn Australia, leaned me the wherewithal for my journey, and wished me well. But he forbade me to write to Helen during my absence, or to communicate with her fn any way.
"If your love to worth anything It will live without billet doux for three years,” he said. And Helen had never disobeyed her father.
' "He Is very kind, Theodore,” she ¦ax’d "and we may trust him at his age to know what is beet for us.”
So in a few weeks we parted, and no one can blame me, loving her as I did, if the moment was one of Intense sad-
her
left her, to my bosom.
The tale la soon told. She loved me still, and we were married, and beside our happy fireside the old merchant ended his days in peace and tranquility, and died blessing ua.
tAnd still upon a stand in one of our apartments nods the waxen lily In all its golden splendor ; and when I look upon it, I often think how small a price I paid for It compared to Its I worth, for who would have thought 1 that when in my extravagance I gave all that I possessed for a flower, that through its means I should have found
Then I discovered that she returned my affections, and to end the story a* briefly as possible, before we parted we were betrothed.
They did
than bus driving!”
nonsense,
London, but it's all guess-work. Why, how pale you look! Are you a rela-
Barralnlas In the Orient.
Certainly under the circumstance# my trust Is Micawber'n expectation of “something turning up ” was remarkable. I had not a farthing In the world not a patient, though my sign, bright with gliding—"Theodore Holly, M.D." h-ftad glittered on my office door for g wo months or more, and no wealthy relatives te aid me In time of need. Y«t I asked a girl accustomed to refinement, If not luxury, to keep house for me Is a year's time, frith as much coolness as * millionaire could have exhibited, as eooUy, as I had spent my last shilling, promised to my landlady that very evening, upon a lily !
1 intended vaguely to be rich some day, ef course, erery man does, and I had no doubt that luck would change before long. Therefore, I felt no compunctions of conscience, but went right home in a merry mood, thinking myself the happiest feWow under
engaged to Lillian Russell: "If
tire !"
But I could not answer her. I leaned against the door-way, faint and ill.
It was to hear this at last that I had struggled with fate, and denied my heart a glimpse of her I loved for all
Three years—three weary years before I might see her sweet face again, one of us might die, or another might take my place in her heart!
Who could tell f I felt sure of myself, but hotw could I be sure of her who was so beautiful, so good, and so erery way charming, that others than myself must also be enamoured of her and strive to win her?
“Do not forget me,“ I pleaded, as I kissed her lips at parting ; and she promised to be true to me until we
these years.
The old woman wag right. No one knew more than she. I went to Lon-
fTdren Jd,rbutdaU rinh6vaU.r MuÏÎ,'	the joy and1 cohort whlcfcMw
crown my days—that by Its means
my love should be restored to mo f
ORCHARD AND GARDEN.
Keep all dead and faulty limbs c* off the fruit and ornamental trees.
In manuring the orchard the who!# w surface should be equally enriched.
The mulberry Is one of tbe best of fruit trees to grow In the poultry yard.
As soon as the ground freezes sufficiently hard to bear up a wagon apply] the mulch.
believing that t had indeed been forgotten, and that the tale of her marriage was true, I settled down in that city as a physician, determined at lea it to be worthy of her, and to live th< life which I had lived for her sake. And so two more years passed without a> glimpse of her,
What was the wealth and fame
met

My last glimpse of her was taken as 1 turned my head and saw her waring her handkerchief to me from the window, on the sill of which my golden Uiy in fa Chinese pot nodded Its gorgeous head in the breeze as though it were also bidding me adieu.
I shall say nothing of my voyage to Australia, of my first struggles In the antipodes. Enough that I abandoned my habits of dissipation, and became Steady and industrious.
gery
lumbar business when he got married
ness
I now might confidently hope to win, if her smile# did not bless me, if mo
wife ever sat beside my hearth, and They said in all bis literary career no child called me father! I began never wrote anything but common to wonder whether it might not be better for me to find some woman worthy of respect and admiration, and bestow counteract this, upon her what remnants of a heart I (Why!
had to give, ere I grew oold and selfish They are going to publish bis love in my loneliness. And as I thought jotters, thus, a woman came rapping at my doer to beg in# to come at once t o a house where an accident had hap-
, 1 expected that my ef leva would run on smoothly ; bet baler# Ike next day had passed I leund eat s#y mistake. I had an early caller fn the merning, no other than lelen's lather, a stout old gentleman, <#lth am imposing manner, and a loud # end a general well-to-do respect.
ability quite annihilating to one of my peculiar deposition and habits.
Hitherto, however, he had been very
to me, and I was
Of
THE GREAT MAN
sense.
Alas 1 I fear some enemy is about to
Eating Hallway Iroa.
Iron for the blood has evidently been prescribed for the quails of Florida; at least, these birds are eating steel rails on the tracks of the sugar belt near Runnymede. The report, which Is well authenticated, does not charge the quails with actually swallowing the rails, but It does say that they pick away their particles wherever they find a rusty spot where they are loosened.
From several points In the state comes the report of holes found In steel rails, and In cases they are large enough to seriously weaken the material. Where a rusty spot starts and Is picked out, It naturally holds moisture, continues to rust, to be again picked out, and so the work of destruction goes on.
Railway engineers really believe that the quails take the Iron tonic because they are not well and find that It relieves their distress.
TO
I established a small practice almost immediately. It Increased. I did raj beet to ejvfn the fa tor of my patients by thinking of their real benefit, Instead of merely grasping at my fees, and considering the sufferers who had turned to me for aid only so many “good cures."
Doctors would often succeed better in this way than any other—I found tt so, at least; and my health and
polite and gracious quite unprepared for the angry frown with which he stalked >nto njy untidy — s» I opened the door for him. My heart sank, but I placed a chair and assuming my sweetest arked that we were having
WFALTH CRUSHES DOWN PREJUDICE.
Yes, they were first cousins.
But wasn’t there any objection to their marrying!
None at all. On the contrary, it was considered a wise thing to unite the two family fortunes.
pened.
I hurried on my overcoat and hat,
and followed her..
It was a tipsy laborer who had scalded himself with a kettle of boiling water, and it was no easy task to bind up his wounds and convince him that he was in no danger, if he would obey my instructions and refrain from tippling.
Consequently it was late when I hurried down stairs on my way home. All the lamps in the house were lit, and over the table of a rather respectable room on the lower floor flamed a jet of gas. Its sharp hissing, for it was turned too high, attracted me. I glanced at It, and remained riveted to the spot. Beneath It on the table, stood the "golden lily” I had given Helen five years ago.
The same flower in the same pot, bwt covered by a glass.
Without pausing to think of the propriety of the act, I strode In and bent over it. Then I saw that It warn made of wax—the flower, at least. The pot must be, I knew, the same.
It was not my tulip, but its portrait from life. I struck with my cans up-the table, gad a dingy little girl
now
eggs.
room
Eer hi
ITEMS OF INTEREST.
malle,
'•charming weather.*.
"Charming fiddlestick* I” wal the
"I did net come here to talk strength of body and mind were ang-about the weather, and you know It. mented by the regular life I led, de Don't you consider yogyself a precious epite tbe severe mental labor I im-
rascal, sfr !"	'	posed upon myself.
I stared at him fn amassment,	I thought of my dear Helen con-
"No one has aver dared to call maso, etantly, and s letter from her would
lir,” I answered. "I--"	have been very precious. I believe |l
"Held your tongue, sir V* cried the would have been kinder in her father old gentleman. "No affectation with to have permitted a correspondence. 1 You know yon are one, A pretty auffered much anxiety on hor ace unt, fellow, Indeed, to ask a girl to marry which might thu#have been avoided, hi g within the year I What do you p^t I had promised to submit pan by it r
"That I love her, air," I
"Bah !” cried the old gentleman, time for thought as possible.
When
When a French newspaper Is not sure of Its news It does not say ‘‘it Is rumored,” but simply adds "under reserve.”
A curious custom prevails In Mexico of paying afternoon calls on Years day attired In full evening dress, white ties and gloves.
Relic hunters are tbe vandals to whom
nothing Is sacred destroyers are now defacing the canopy over Plymouth rock, jjj , I
The Belgian chamber has resolved that every M. P shall be a total abstainer. at least during the hours when be Is officiating as a legislator.
The value of the chicle, the basis of chewing gum, that Is produced In Mexico Is three times as great as tbat of the country's present rubber product
The Chicago drainage canal has a permanent life line consisting of s fltroug wire cable stretched along Its entire distance of 84 miles. It le there for use and safety In case of an accident
A writer on lake navigation says It In Dsetaoe to talk of keeping n winter channel open wit* strongly built tee
THE RUSTIC SCORED.
Tourist in Village, pointing to a peculiar chimney on a cottage, which is bent and twisted in a most fantastic (manner—“I say, my man, does tbat chimney draw!
Rustic—Deed an* it does sir draws the tention of every fool that passes here.
New
These pestiferous
It
Hands and the Nni,
The position in which you hold your hands will reveal your character to those who are versed In the art If, when a married man clinches bis hands, the thumb Is nicely tucked away between the finger and the. palm, he is under the dominion of his wife.
The mere clasping of one's own hands I# an indication of strength or weakness of character. Interlace your two sets of fingers spontaneously and see whether the right hand or the left hand set ere nearest to you. If your left thumb Is In front of your right thumb, your I I	I ¦ PH left forefinger In front of your right fore-
I understand, said Mr. A scum, that finger and so on, then you ere effeml-
you're had a good deal of sickness at *****	•	à
hou.*	The ordinary woman clasps her heads
J	(n that way, and so does the weak man.
Well, replied the haughty Miss The men with the etroag character end
Wood by, one of the servants, I be- the masculine female clasp their hands Is
the opposite fashion, so that the right
A SURE SIGN.
I don't believe tha<t Flossy ever
engaged.
Oh, I guess she was. She got far enough with Jack to get out hi# trunk when it was held for board.
tiently, and I worked without intermission, thus leaving myself a# little
wan
fine love, Indeed 1
There were women, of course, witb-
"L°v
we love people we have acme consider- ^ my circle of acquaintance who were ation for their comfort. What Is your aejtjgex nor ugly, but they never wife (if you ever had one) going to live	the leagt Impression on my
air f A.r, sir, like t chameleon f Good	Wlhat
Heaves 1 y oar impudence surprised	my dear Helen!

e they compared
CULTURED GRADATIONS

*#
ned society, not from any fear of their fascination, bat be-
-We meet iH have a beginning, sir," 1 said.
"Ton had yours, 1 believe.”
"A Beginning,” cried the old gentle-

And eo tbe three ru in. jtvt pasted, end et their end I found "To myself wkh » One #rmctke, «plendld I asked.
money laid sw»7 tor J The girl start#*
lieve, is sick. Papa was ill and
1; i
too
a
A
mi
I





###PAGE###3###








%

¦mok*. The tehee were
value.
This follows the eame line with th« farmei who applies tho match to a field of etulible turning It under. To the average plowman, especially if he is young, or now at the buxine*», the tempt n-tioji to do mo La strong, for ho knows that on the clean ground the plow will do much better work, And later the cultivator will not be fouled with the
BAD HABITS.
The laffllihmee Cenfht Ok
An Englishman on his first visit tj thlH city with his family strolled dow. Broadway alone one night and droppeu Into a music hall. He bad hardly been seated before two sketch artists perpetrated the following:
Persiflage—Hear about Jones? Terrible thing happened to Jones.
Badinage—No.
Persiflage—Yes. He dropped 350 feet.
Badinage—You don’t tell me? Of course he was killed?
Persiflage-No, not killed. The1* were pigs’ feet.
A half hour later the Briton grasped bis sides and startled the house with an outburst of en china tory ecstasy. Recovering, he jumped up, hurried out of
peppmr and lay thin slices of salt pork on top to sen «on it. Bake an hour and a half. Baste frequently until nearly dun», then stop to allow the outside to become crisp and a delicate brown. After taking up fish, thicken gravy and pour over it. This recipe will answer for all kind < of freak Bmh.
of email


I heVI * lot of habile bed.
I'm reedy te cunt cm;
To l arde!) the» I. would be yr*.
They give me siuch distrea#.
To some wf these 1 meant to eay In firmest accents '"beatI"
But, ali, ta drive them all away,
J couldn't promise that.
1 like to «moke a mild cifWT i fear I smoke a lot.
To claim my liking goes to# Cal Would l>e a center shot.
But though I very freely say A awes/ off might be pat Or just a cut to twelve a day,
I couldn’t premise that.
I like a seat within a car;
I always hate to stand.
I hate the swaying and the jail I don't know where I'll land To dam's who stand I ought to yi The place where 1 have sat.
But, ah, m> heart is firmly steeled;
I couldn't promise that.
Hon ip i i mes I say a naughty weed About the "busy" line.
Such things, you know, are often heard;
They coma without design.
Of cours» it is an awful bore Just when Î want to chat ;
But, ah, to darn it nevermore,
1 couldn’t promise that
Agricultural!
he Home
AMMMSfl
instead of
or graao,
USE AND CARE OF FARM IMPLEMENTS.
APPLE CAKE.
The following recipe for in apple cake will be fou.n<l useful to the house keeper who in racking her brains for
In purchasing • farm outfit, it la policy to buy only the beat. Remember that every piece bought must 1* stored and kept in repair so no unnecessary ones should be purchased. Select only those that e« am to be made of the beat material, and avoid those that have a lot of levers at-
flaked Eggs on KUh Toast; Toast slices of bread, butter while hot. Migoe fish remaining from some previous meal, season to taste, add a 111 tie butter find spread on toast. Allow one egg and one teaspoon butter to each slice. Place the butter in
varieties :
With custard sufficient to fill twelve custard phases, or a good-s'ied
decaying vegetation. The*# cons id « 1 stums do not weigh much alongside dish, pars, slice and core a sufficient
the benefits accruing to the growing number of apples which, when precrop from the valuable humus in the
pared, shall weigh three pounds; add
to those a pint of cold watsrt and boil the baking tin, melt it. break the till to a pulp; then take three quar* egg i«n a cup, slip it from the cup the music hall and soon reached his ho-ters of a pound of loaf sugar, 17*11 into the tin and bike three minutes, tel. He stopped outside the door of his
r. tzzz SSSKSr*®
lemon. Now, these lump» may be a a nice dish for a winter .upper, i ,.K(llth he crled- "Ob, this Is the Jol-broke.li ; strain the juice of the lemon, ; Creamed Kish; Boil a three lb fish Ue|, eye'r ,n(] he gave way ugaln.
a,l(l to the 8W*r anil throw ell into jplke is best, in salt water until done. n|g w)fe looked at him In frightened
' Re-move the skin and bone, flake it
tachiueets and springs as these are more oft an designed as talking points for the soiling agents than for any real practical benefit to the farmer, who is to use the tool. Buy of reliable
soil.
Every practical farmer should endeavor to plow under as much roughage as possible; not only does It add
to ike f V of the field, but , bn unes, and buy for cash, as a year's ; u* soil porous and mellow and also orgdit la of no advgntagc to the buy- <,imaerym tllH modflture iu time of
•r and haft to be roundly paid for In drouth. It may be urged that a great Incrtaead price. Steal la, taken the mMly wead 8eedn „ro d,.gtroyed hy
plaça of wood In many park of the burning over the field, but this should Implement* new on the market and n(lt ba taken into account. In a crop In a great Improvement. Plow beams, like"corn or potatoes, when hard work
cultivator frames and other parts j* mostly dispensed with, the prob-\\ hi li	fiom	l
i
the apple pulp and boll all together tolerably quick fire for an hour,
surprise.
until finely minced and add juice of | "Oh, Edith, did you over bear about one onion, suit pepper, one tablespoon : Percy SinlthersV' butter, one and one-half cupm milk
on a
stirring It all the time. With the purest salad oil, oil a mold before a fire
thoroughly ; then turn the apple into
tnd when cold, turn it from
\ really ought to make a Hat And set my follies down.
Though wmt of lle m might ne’er be And some should make me frown.
To pick them o>r would be no fun;
The J >b would tumble flat;
To really squelch a single one,
J couldn’t promise that.
—Cleveland Malm Dealer.
“No.”
“Bah Jove, the poor fellow fell 350 feet.”
“How dreadfully horrid! He must have been awfully mangled.”
“No. He fell on 350 pigs,” and he ex
and one tablespoon flour. Put In small diflhofl or tins, and sprinkle top with bread crumbs which have been
ability is that the ground is already full of foul seeds.
a raol<
tbcast into a #!*** dish
selecting, one should look to durability, ease of handling, lightness of draft, and ease of keeping in repair.
In the use of mowers or any other cutting machines, as soon as the knives become dull, svéry other part ia put to a more severe test, the wearing parts grind harder and the propelling power must be increased. The knives should only be started when in good condition, and much rare should be used in keeping them so. There ore many large machines that it is not practical for a farmer lo own alone, but that can be owned in com-puny with neighbors an I tukvn from place to place as needed. These machines should have the same man to run them so fir as possible and thus guard aga:n«t accidents. Unless an implement is well oared for, the best results from il» use cannot bo had.
stirred in a well-heated pan with Imiter. Put in oven until light brown p!o(](.d again and did not subside until om top. Serve hot.	a half dozen bell hoys rushed to bis
linked Eggs; Butter a shallow room to make solicitous Inquiries, baking dish and break Into it as many

SAVE BREAD CRUMBS.
SHORT TALKS.
The provident housekeeper will nev-all the crumbs into t tie dust many people do and then
Effects of Travel.
Pride and foolishness keep more people poor than actual need.
Some people buy things they don’t need and then arc things they do need.
It Is all well enough to give nlins Lo t6ie ixior, but one should pay his debts first.
Sometimes kind words and nets go much farther in the spirit of charity than does a dollar.
No person can certainly be very bad when love reigns in the heart and wisdotp in the head.
It seems that the devil stands watching at the entrance of two roads,— one leading to eternal happiness and the other to eternal sorrow.
sssrjvrs r::	r tx zzr:: ^
least necessary, and thr.-e would be wh.ch way to go.	fine large oysters, dry them Creamed Oysters; To 1-2 tablespoon ftteJy
better. M aking new or repairing car- xt	that Home 1)601)16 can . oat of thei> own liquor. Have ready a butter melted in a saucepan, add one , clte thls In8tance merely as a warn- j Jungle with his college yell.”-Cbicage
rUigvs, carts and implements is divld-	an overdose of folly and not croate a	\	^	of	t	an<l a pjate of	bread	lar^ tablespoon flour. Cook a few	|ng t0 chemists and apothecaries, who News.____
ed into three or more classes or trades	neigh I wr hood talk, while some could	^	them lie in the	egg a	moments, and stir in gradually one	may uot realize how easily a fire may
and a shop or room for Iron working	not take but ft few grains of it, suffi-	/	‘	m nutC3	and then roil them	in the	cup hot milk. Season with salt, pep-	be started In their storerooms by the
one for woodwork and another for	cient to arouse the whole continent.	^	.	allowing them to re-	per and a little celery salt. Boil one	sun shining through bottles, flasks and
painting are needed.	Some people learn very readily bow 4 th, ne alao for a minute or pint fine oysters in their own liquor carboys of liquid, converting them for
viM . Her** horse o«b I, a tire| driven bff their own experience, *nd j^ ^ ^ batter b*lf i*rd, in	----- gtoreroom from this cause.
set, and moat of the tools on the farm some are like idiots, never will le un. Qr^er to give them a rich brown. Make
repaired and sharpened. The wood- Those that are somewhat like idiots ^ ^ry hflt Mon putting the oysters	HFAT 0F AN 0VENe
shop should have a good bench with are more numerous than one would	j To test the heat of an oven, there
a vi.se, a grindstone, possibly a lathe suppose.	———	are no better rules than the followed a /all set uf cannier tools. The	Following in the footsteps rf others	Here is an Oyster rocipe which has	.q^. Try ^ oveQ every ten minutes
paint shop aw ba made nearly as use-	is sometimes good and sometimes bad.	been tested and found worthy	o re-	witb a aheet o( white paper. If too
ful as the other room, is there are	Some steps will lead you to noble, use-	petition. Take twenty- ive	«uge	the paper will blase up or black-
many chances to add to the usefulness	ful manhood nn l womanhood, and even	oysters, such aa arc u.-l in	r) ,ng.	, When the paper becomes dark
of a waggon or implement if a coat of to heaven and its blessings, and some Place them, without their îquor, in br0wn ratb,er
paint or varnish is occasionally given,	will lead you to a selfish, ungrate-	the chafing dish ; add one ta >iv>i>oon-	meat	pie-crusts,	the	oven	Is	fit | when	I	was	thrown	violently	from	my
Very few men réalisa the Importance	ful, shameful position in life, and even	ful of butter, one gill of white wine, for §maU	tarta-	when	it	la	light ' seat	After	the	pitching	and	jumping
of varnish in saving a carriage or an to hell and its cursings.	OÜ* tesspoonful of salt an* one- a brown, the color of really nice pastry, had stopped, I crawled out and saw
E HEES2 æs-EK	siiÉÈS
after e little practice it ie not diffi- well as those who are naturally fool-	...	^ llr«e P°u»^ calces, and other large , a„ banda |n a beap to tbe listed
cult. There is no better place to edu- Lsh. Many will sacrifice their health, 8*11 of “u-	. .	.	. cakes made with butter. When It Is
<xi to Uie boys or the farm help than wealth, good sc nie, good behavior and |
In the farm Workshop during the win- their souls in order to please her pop- j®“^ ^ mioatp6 and add the ter months or on dull days, and in ular whims. Her devotees can be	of ^	a pint of rich
such a shop as described, there is found everywhere in society, in the '	put wiU) the OT,tera and let
very little but can hr done in the way	ball-room, in the theater and even in	^ BjItol(, get very hot without hoil-
of repaire, and ta»ob can be done in	the pews and pulpits of our churches.	[ag . tlwn gerve with pu(t paste cut in
making new also.	¦§	WBM
ex sweep
pan as so
have to resort to fresh bread crumb# eggs as will cover the bottom with-it hen they want fried oysters or	crowding. Season with pepper
breaded cutlets. One of the secret* of un(| ]/t and put a bit of butter on successful frying is to have dry, fine- each.
V
How Water Came* m Fire.
One would hardly believe that a bottle of water standing harmlessly on Bake until well set, remove to ft table coui<j be the cause of a fire.
ly powdered bread-cruml*. Save all a wnrrn platter and serve immediate- Nevertheless such Is the case.
I he scraps and odds and ends of bread jy The eggs will look nicer if baked laboratory the other day I detected the and toast, put them, in the oven, and jn {;1tty pans.	odor of burning wood and. seeking the
let them dry until a pale brown. They j oysters a In Poulette; Put 2doz cause, noticed a tiny wreath of smoke should then be crushed with a rolling 1 nLfie 1(lrge G(yfltera to C(K>k in their ' rising from the counter. Setting aside Pin ami finally nlukon through » ai-vo owfi liquor] ,0aMlO witb e,ut and ¦ of water that stood close by 1
£	EKE'EHr.E1
erumlwd, lh« trum	y milk and ono tablespoon flour stirred burning spot on the table close to the
ready, and lb j a< vre ar *• er ®. smooth in a little milk. If liked, add water flask. The flask was standing “fresh” bread-crumb*.	I„ few drops of lemon juice. Let come In the sunlight thereby concentrating
¦till to b°U, and just as you remove from ! the rays to a focus on the top of the the fire, add 2 well-beaten eggs and table, acting In this case ns n burning
glass. A handful of highly combustible material was thrown over the burning spot catching fire almost Immedl-1 clety. and he comes home In the middle
of the night and wakes up the whole
obliged to sell





,
t
In my

I



xi%
n


1
if f

*

J
¦
“He’s getting awful sporty. Isn’t bet* I “Yea, since that hand organ tour he's always talking about clothes and so-
Pour over
serve at once.

HI# Conscience Was Clear.
“My friends,” said the condemned aj he stepped forward for a few last words before the noose was adjusted, “I ain’t no speech maker, and I ain’t i got much to say. I’ve stole bosses and; drunk whisky and played keerds bln a tuff man. and If I’d lived a year longer I should probably her bln sent ! to the leglslachur. Thank the Lord that I’ve escaped sich a fate and kin still look you all lu the face, and now, Jim, you kin go ou with the hangiu anf
Jack's Account of It.
One of Uncle Sam’s able seamen, who was in an “Owl” train that was wrecked, thus described bis experience;
“It was a -little after two bells this be durned to you.
morning and I was smoking my pipe j In the ’Owl’s’ stern galley. The first I darker than ordin- thing I knew of any happening was 1

Color.
Pocahontas consulted freely with hei fiance touching the details of their ap preaching wedding.
“Tell me, dearest,” quoth she on# day, “what Is the most suitable color for a bride?”
“Red!” replied Smith promptly.
For he was not only a man of pluck but a facile liar as well.—Detroit Joui
s
oal.
No lives were lost, however,
side.
though all were badly shaken up and-j
XSÜKSXWJS i—XlSSî-.-n-j
hole, cutting her head and face quite «talion In P.aga, W aranw, made a M
badly. After wigwagging the craft that he would eat at one meal five
coming up behind to change her course, 'owls. » of sour cabbage two mel-
the forward end of our craft picked up ons, ten pounds of fruit, six cueum-
hers, with bread, and. besides, he
would drink a gallon of vodkl (native
only just tinged, the oven la all right for sponge cake, meringues, etc. If the oven ta too hot for the particular use you have for it at any I time, set in a large pan of cold water and it will quickly cool.
gill of mushroom liquor.
s
:


the passengers and crew and continued
her voyage. As for me, 1 will be glad	,	_ .	. ..
wb»n 1 am safe aboard the Albatross *Plrlt>. ¦«* bottles of beer and three again. This cruising overland is too ••pbous of soda water. A numerous NUgb end choppy for me."-Argonaot company assembled to witness the
feat, which was successfully accomplished. and the bet was paid. The
aha pee.
Save the flaps of unused envelope# to mark your fruit cans with, name of fruit
BROKERS FOR BRIDAL COUPLES.
SCALLOPED SALMON.
Make a white sauce by melting a tablespoonful of butter in a saucepan and blend with it an equal a
A COW’S INFLUENCE.
Marriage brokers arc a regular institution in Italy. In Genoa there are regular marriage brokers, who have pocket-books filled with the names of
will
year — they
and
The cow has a moral influence upon man ; she brings him every twice
She doesn’t run in debt for board or I the marriageable girls of the differ-1 edging, but pays up as she goes. In ent clnssen, with notes of their figures, paying she tenders international cur- personal attractions, fortune, and oth-reney accepted and used by every 6r circumstances. These brokers go mother’s son, and daughter, in every about endeavouring to arrange con-oivilieed country on earth. Nearly ev- nections, in the s i me off-hand mercan-ery thing a farmer produces must un- tile manner which they would bring forgo «orne change before it is avail- to bear upon % purely business trans-nble for food, and even money, legal action, and when they succeed they tender everywhere, is of no account get a commission of 2 or 3 per cent.
for the sustenance of life, upon the portion, with such extras except when exchanged for something or bonuses as may be voluntarily be-buJt the product of the cow is stowed by the party.
time ste..
stick readily and sa vu
¦w,l r r. jl	sssxxx
pepper and sait. Place in a baking dish a layer of canned or fresh salmon, in good-sized pieces, cover this layer with the white sauce made as above and sprinkle with bread cnimbe. Continue to add layers until the dish is full, at the last putting on a layer of bread crumbs moistened in melted butter. Bake until a rich brown, then cover and let stand for fifteen minutes in a hot closet before serving.	I
nt
HDli
i;-
Breaking tlie New#
There Is a man in Liverpool who Is man, however, was found dead In bed renowned for his Imperturbable calm- next morning.—London Standard, ness on every Imaginable occasion. One day he strolled leisurely Into the office of a friend.

they will never omit it. lag season ifl a long way off yet but there is nothing like looking ahead and taking.father time by the forelock.

Otherwise Discreetly Sliest.
Me Jigger—Bragg tells mo he got ml*
“Ï have Just had a chat with youi ed up in a scrap last night
¦Thingumbob—Did he get the best of

wife.” he said by way of beginning.
“Why. I didn’t know she was In it?
“Oh, she wasn’t In town.” replied the wouldn’t have said anything about 1L-
• Exchange.

' SOME LENTEN DISHES.
Salmon Gratin; A very nice Lenten breakfast or supper dish is made thus; One cup cold boiled salmon flaked fine with a fork, mixed with one-balf cup cold, drawn butter, pepper and salt. Nearly till little earthen dinhos with the mixture, cover with fine bread crumbs and brown in the
McJlgger—Of course. If he hadn’t he

other. “I called at your house.”
”1 didn't kuow she was receiving today," said the husband with some sur- ; prise. “I thought she had a headache.”
“She didn’t mention it to me.” said the calm man. “There was a crowd at
whatever
At the Reception.
Freshlelgh—Madam, you are sitting on my hat!
Mrs. Averdupoise—1 don’t mind it In the least. I’m quite comfortable, thank yoi.—Pittsburg Dispatch.
at once available for food, and the
HU*
well aa body she helps a man’s morals by improving the productiveness of the soil thus diminishing the causes a man would have for fretting on acr,
.cunt of poor crop, weed*, etc. A al»o be of that PWWmm.
¦ that is moral at all will improve
the house.”
“A crowd!” echoed the husband.
“Yes.” went on the calm man. “They fame with the fire engine.”
“Th* fire engine!” gasped the husband.
“Oh. It’s all right” went on the calm man. “It’s all ont now. It wasn’t much of a Ore. but 1 thought you’d like to know U.”—London Tit-Bits.
SWEET BUTTER.
oven.
Or earned Codfish; Flake very fine lb salt codfish. Wash in two wa-
One can keep butter sweet a long time, even in a hot room where it fa half melted, by keeping it covered with brine, made by putting Into boiling water all the salt it will take up. Then let It coot and pour over the butter. Meat may be preserved in the name way. To be sure, it will become rather
. E
one
tors and squeeze at dry as possible. Put into a saucepan with one and one-half pints sweet cream, or the same quantity of sweet milk may be used, adding a piece of .butter- the size of a walnut. Rub two tablespoons cornstarch, or double of flour, smooth Ln a Little cold milk, add to the fish and let come to a boil.
- :
0
4
but his name has not been mentioned As nearly all the men of the D.M.P. are Roman Catholics, it is very probable that “the chief” appointed will
lty, but when you wish to It take it out of the brine the
Their Caption* Objection».
“Those captious New York critics objected to a new prima donna because she was too fat They said she had but one pose and that wasn’t graceful.”
“Objected to her adipose, eh?”— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
night before and lay it across two spoons or sticks to lift it from the bottom of the dish in which you wish to soak kt, and then cover it with fresh water. The salt will then settle out of the meat and It will freshen nloely. You throw meat or fish into the bott
with water and It will freshen very little, for the salt does not fail out,
•1
Re-
FIS
move from the fire and stir in quickly
Do not boil af-
N
a well-beaten egg. ter adding the egg, as it will curdle. Have ready as many hard-boiled eggs there are persona to serve, place on a hot platter a ad pour the fish
CUT HIM ENTIRELY.
man
morally if his farm yields a good crop -and the sow is the primary cause
v


Dear me, replied Mrs. Fiddlefadtile, since they were reduced, you know, the Waxywoodlee have become most plebian. Why, their stin has actually become a postman I Yes, but then, replied Mrs. Diddled serv- I daddle, sympathetically, there's
X
Perhaps.
Customer—I’m looking for one of the latest books. 1 don’t recall the title, but It’s a long story of war.
New Clerk—Here’s one called “When a Man’s Married.” Maybe that’s iti-Philadelphla Press.
of it.

of a vessel and cover it
over them.
To Bake Fish; A fish weighing from 4 to 6 lbs fa a good else to bake. Clean the fish thoroughly, wipe dry end salt inside. Make dressing of bread owmbs, butter, salt and emdoa, if desired, and mix ali with . FMI the body and confine by rne thread around it a r of times to hold it
i DC1W*TT BURN STUBBLE.
Forty years ago my father quoted
an old saying, “Fire Is a g ant, but a bard master,” writes Mr. I consoletLon, hfa route Is In the most
Geo'. F Homan. Although this must exclusive district, so he will still have be regarded as a truism it must be ad- some of our best people mitted that fire Is sometimes a very ing list. 1 rofitable servant. We have read of the man who, fearing burglars, hid his banknotes In the parlor stove, ! sign sway, must be at home and over
ai wife sent up in I hearts of kindred men.	1 -
Visitor-r-Well, Cyrus, wiiat part or your school life do you like the best?
Little Cyrus—The recesses and the vacations.—Chicago News.

SINEWS OF WAR.
Aunt Helena—But I can’t see how war’s goiiT to raise the price o’ wheat.
Uncle Silas—Yon can’t? Why, don’t you s’pose all them war correspondents have got ter be fed 9
waateS the Fall Beaelt.
“I was awfully glad to receive your letter, stating that you had re pentad. But why did you send it uieealedY”
"Because they say ’an open confession ts stood for the soul
his <*ali-

Lady—What Is your favorite dish,
Mr Pigge t
Mr. Plgge-The biggest Detroit Free *¦¦¦¦
flfcmly. Fines to the rtwtfftng pan
» h


with s little water, sprinkle with
which hfr*



i



#
I


ï
• I


*

i




###PAGE###4###






THE EQUITY.
Hounds Astray.
THE MARKETS.
NEW
GOODS
MASSEY-H ARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . • •
II, he undersigned near Jos.
Mevvus nt the head of Bertrand Lake, two hound*- one Mack and tan with *lmrt hair ; the other Mark and tan and white with large black spots on back and white stripe on leg*, running to back. Both are well bred. Any information of the above will Ik* thankfully received by
MICHAEL GORMAN, Tort < 'oulonge.
f roi
SHAW VILLE.
Wheat* (standard) TO to 73c Oats per bushel, 27 to 28c. Pease per bushel, tV>\
Buvkw hea l-’ggs. per dozen, I V Butter, per pound, 17 to 18 Wool, per pound, 10 to 18c Pelts, r ich, 00 to 73c.
Pork, >7.50 to >7,73.
>5.00 per 1(H) lbs.
, 81.50 to 48.75.
SIIAWVILLE, MARCH 14, 1901.
lion. Thomas Puffy, Treasurer of the Province, delivered bis budget speech on Wednesday last. Mr. Puffy expects » 44 modest surplus " as tlio result of the year’s operations.
?
>
per bush
NEW
GOODS

J. 0. ELLIOTT,
The County Liberals vf them who nvo not s ht nus qu held au
v at Ivitit those is tied with the
Be
NOW OPENING OUT
Hid
DEALER IN
anvfactum:n of
LI. KINDS up
1
Calf
th reference
I>u>
N
vow on Tuesday last V e k irn that quite a revolutionary program was mapped out, nn l the several billets now held by unfortunate ( onservatives w ere parcelled out to deserving if not needy henchmen in the party ranks. So far as we can learn no attempt has been made to prove or bring forward charges of any kind against the existing office-holders, in addition to the general accusation that they are Conservatives, and must give way to Liberal .spoilsmen on the spoil principle.
?ll2 Up-to-Date Store
STARKE'S
CORNERS.
!
SEWING MACHINES
WHINGERS
WASHERS
CHURNS.
OTTAWA
I
l
\
Butter, pi
per lu.
pails, is to 20o. pci 1
Kggs, fresh, lv. per uoz. Potatoes, tU to 45c. per Lag. Apples, >2.00 to $3.50 per M»l. Lamb, 7 toIV. per lb. Mutton. 5 to 7c. per lb.
Beef. :> to OJc. per 11%
Pork. >7.00 to $8.50 per 100. Chickens, 00 lo 05c. e pair. Oats, 20 to 31c. per bushel. Hay, $.s,50to $10.00per ton. Wool, U to 10c. per lb.
Rough and Dressed
am
Lumber
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
3
0
F LANINC & MATCHING
JUST IN !
NEW GOODS
LARGE ASSORTMENT.
1er
t
When a Conservative Government was in power at Ottawa and was nomtiiatirg vttic’.als the Nova Sco'ia l. *gi<lature pane vd a law that disfranchised all federal x
r- | làlEEEBiBiB
its heelers in a position to coerce any voter Act incorporating a Hallway Company to dependent on Government favor, a bill construct a line of Railway from home has been introduced to give votes to all i on the Ottawa Hiver, (n the County
ucfiins | sisrosHiS!
only would have the effrontery to so ad- the district drained by the Coulonge, vertise that they regard the right to vote Black and Dumolne Rivers, and thence as something to be accorded or denied as northerly to the shore of James' Bay ; and
ts** k* '« lapsaws-JsRs sts at
wercion.	company authorised to build lii , s of
railway nl	u th< said route, or
On passage m Mr. Daffy 's budget speech j any part thereof ; with power to construe t indicates that it is contemplated to take branch lines ; to own. charter and run	]	*()	;nfm.m	fV,A	nnui:n
mean, to recoup the treasury for the loss -teamhoats and other ve-els ; to a, quire,	1	10	111101111	11U	PUDIIC
„i	w th, „„„b„	lhat 1 ™	«> a» «»•
of municipalities which have adopted no powers and privilege*: to purchase, use tOlll SAW 111 g—DOtll lumber Olid license by-laws. It is commonly accepted and sell electricity for all purpose* ; to	i i	I -
that the Montreal cow will bo called on to ! construct, acquire, maintain and operate SlllH^li a di 11 ciSOlnU -*6 1 AtCS,
provide the needed milk, ar.d that either ]7a!v Wa>T bridge*. fan if *. miii * lim es. alu} am a I SO prepared to pav I
I ss hHEEriiCEsbi:; fasU
cours» seems a wise one. There are in graph and telephone lines along the route 1 l-^OgS (1011\C1C(1 lit liOuyillS the city, with under oOO.OoO inhabitants, of the said railway or connecting there- 1H.Î..V Vqv(]	I
400 places where liquor i; sold t v the wlth,aPd to transmit messages for c >:,i lu,n‘ * iUUe	gjfigâj
glass and the price of licenses is so high	¦ r-urpo
that it is profitable to run the risk involved by selling without one1 A licensed bar for every 700 or 80<> people is quite enough and there is more than enough unlicensed «oiling with the fees as they are. —Montreal Gazstte. /
CUSTOM SAWING
NOTICE.

Silas Young.
FRESH and CURED
Highest Cash Price paid for all kinds of sound Lc&s, Shingle Bolts, <vj.
MAIN STREET, - SHAW7ILLF
\
Lumber
MEATS
Smart & Smith
Sawing.
of all kinds at
P. S.—Harness.
THE SHAWVILLE
iVfeat Market
J. fl. McGUIRE,
I JHE DAVSD MAXWELL & GONS
SHOW-RCGSViS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
Proorletor.
ud to collect toll* there
I will also pay £1.50 pci coni for a quantity of good, sound 4 foot wood.
For Sale
foi
Dated Ottawa, January 2nd. 1901.
, CHRYSLER & BETHVNE
Solicitor* for Applieai
*
Are now open for business.
The South East Half of the South West Half of Ia)1 No. 13 on the 5th range of Bristol, owned by the late Patrick M phy. and said to contain about fifty acres (more or less*. The land is In a good state of cultivation, is well fenced, and near the railway station and post office. Will be sold on terms to suit purchaser.
Applv to T. Cr. MURPHY,
Arnprior, Ont.
J. d. fvIcCLEARY.
f
ur
AVIS.
Fanners will consult their best interests by calling and inspecting sample of our latest improved
Shaw ville. Feb. II, 1901
Avis est donné par le présent qu'une demande sera adressée au parlement du
At the meeting of the Public Account. I " * e\Proch*“e s#sslon- atin d'*
Committee of the Home be: Wedne.day °btemr 1111 acte instituant en çorpor.-An order ... given fur the production “°\un? compagnie de.chemin defer pour of particulars in connection with the ac- i instruite 11110 1010 ferrée partant de count, of W. F. McCreary, M. P ;iU0lque point sur la nviôre Ottawa, dans
immigration cnmmiMioner, aniof W. J. 0 coril,v d0 1 out me, dans eu entre le
Sit HibbertTapper moved fora il.mfz plua. praticable juaqu'ou district arrosé ed account of law cost, and council fee.. !*r les	Coul0n?e'	et Du-	_„_
to his «on, W. G. Charieson, fur hardware "" b'“‘ ou fa,re l,cs ^rangements de traf- and also to furnish REPAIRS, which will «upplie. in connection with the oon.truc- ^ avec t0Ule autr0 compagnie de chemin always he kept on hand, thus avoiding tiou of the Yukon telegraph .ystem. A. I de ff «utoaieée à construire dos lignes delay i-> having to send away for them.
an example, Mr. Taylor quoted Henter*. e ,lemm, de/er e ou prrsde ladite ty Horses taken in exchange for Ma axe#, $7 a d, z , bought anywhere at (4. n,ute' ?u tome partie d icelle ; avec pou- chiner,
75; horseshoe, $4. .oiling ol,ewhere at ™,r ,de construire des lignes d en,-$2.U0, etc. Tie department official, will branchement ; posséder, affréter et nav.
be ordered to appear with all order, issued 3ucr des batf.u* 11 v.aPeur e* autres va,s to Mr Charles, il	I SMel : *Tér,r- eiPlolter ot deposei des
. .	i . .s ...	,	, mines, nuéreaux cb de leurs produits, de,	. .
A return tabled by the minister of eus- terres ù bois, de chutes d'eau et privilèges 1 MoCormic\ Harvesting Machine Corqpany
tona shows tl:at from 1*90 toi900, inciu-j hydrauliquers : acheter, utilizer et vendre !	AIS0 KOIt
aivo, the government has paid out $24.», i <je l'eluctricitv pour toute tins que ce soit;	Organ?, Pianos and Sewiqg Machines.
14. m rebate of duties to manufacturera | construire, acquérir, maintenir etexploi-of agricultural imp.ements for export, j ter des tramways, ponts, passages d’eau,
Of this sum the Massey-Harm company laouHns. quais, ducks et élévateurs, et
received $--M 4).	I exercer 1 industrie de voituriers et d’enter-
poseurs en général ; et construire et ex-
In the House on Thursday Mr. Murray I ploiter des lignes de télégraphe et de tél-1 % ita next sîs>ion’ .for an Avt t0 ameud
Gauthier, T. A. Briasnn, L. Joseph Tarte, | messages pour des tins commerciales, et , oui Railwry ; to empower it to acquire or of Montris’iE. J. Welsh, R Chevrier. F. prélever des péages pour ce service. I amalgamate with the Pontiac Pacific A. Gjtidron aud J. C. Dup jnt, of Oltawa; I	CHRYSLER et BETHUXE, •'.0n('tl,on Railway Company; the Hull
id Pembroke ! Ottawa, 2 jaSr'wL	j
asking incorporation as the “ Inprovincial I ___________________ I the Ottawa Electric Railway Company,
and James' Bay Railway company. ” The	| the Kingston and Pembroke Railway
petition sets forth that on both sides of The Province's Finances. | < ompany. or any oneor more of them, nMd
Temi.earning lake, in the province, of	-- privilege*!thereof, oHo^ulre^ndtohoM
WüNses Issmm
msmm
la res on to James Bay.	expenditures, as well as a falling off ti e
to bridge rt. maryH river. items of revenue. In light of these Mr. McCool presented the petition of | facts, he anticipates for next year, 1901-
aareims	a
EEpEESi S32E5EHH SSSrHgS
power to bridge the St Mary rfcer be Mr. Duffy a estimates deal with	better that caught the public It can be
tween the Canadian and American boo,	Revenue, Expenditure, admitted, however, tint the showing is
ths bridge to have a draw or swing across	1805.$4,221.(387	$4,189,985	fairly good, as good, perhaps as la
the Canadian ship canal, and the company	18%... 4,327,919	4,099,707	to be looked	for. Since the	Mer
to charge tolls for vehicles and pedestrians.	1897. 3,877,40<>	4,892,283	cier Government	s overthrow there	have
On Friday a return brought down by	1898. 4,170,139	4,413,370	been nominally	five governments,	the
the minister interior contains the order- 1895. 4,224,679 4,201,023 majority cf whose members have sought
ia-counciI passed on Feb. 25, making 1900. 4,451,678 4,428,385 to do the best they could for the pro-
new regulations for the issue of permits Since 189(3 the Governments of which vince’a interests. There have with all of to take liquor into the Yukon. It provides* §fr, Duffy has been a member have been them been failures in somethings. Min-that hereafter permits shall be issued by partially, and since 1897 wholly res poo- isters on the approach of elections have the commissioner of the Yukon, instead , aible for the administration of the fin- weakened Jbeforo the demands that the of by the minister of interior as formerly, anccs. The figures of the outgo are look- least worthy c ass of politicians know Permits shall, however, be granted only at in vain for evidence of the promis- how to make ; but generally the situation to licensed wholesale dealers who shall j e(j economy. The better showing, where where it has not improved, has grown no dispose of it in quantities of not less than j there is a better showing, is due to large worse. The limit in practicable economy five gallons or one dozen bottles and only receipts. This is not a fault, and no one ! as probably been reached, as well as to licensed retailers. The foe for each who has paid attention to the finances of ;hat of the borrowing pjwer, for there is wholesale license is $2,000, and for each Quebec would blama an administration for a debt obligation of $2(>,779,151 to carry, gallon of liquor imported $2. The fee using all right means, even fresh taxation, and when the interest on that sum is profur each permit is $10. An order-! a ' to secure a balance, when reductions of vided for, the balance of a revenue under council cf the 5th of March ins’, makes oulay failed. But it was not by incrcis four and a half millions does nut leave
provision for enforcing the license laws of jDg the revenue that the ministers prom- much fur the services of a province of | Finest and safest rifle ever made theYukon and prohibiting illicit distilling. js to produce an equilibrium, and Mr. well over a million and a half of peop'e The revenue will belong to the Yukon. I Duffy seems to have felt that all he could —Montreal Gazette.
SESSIONAL NOTES
Farmers, Attention!
THE McCOBMICK
Disc Harrows Fleury’s Ploughs.
Here it is ! The Place
HARVESTING
MACHINERY
IS SECOND TO NONE IN THE WORLD.
And
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
McRAE & McGUIRE
*
ALF. HOWARD,
AGENTS,
I). McRae’s Old Stand,
Main Street, Shawville
AGENT FOR
• #
Eavat roughing,
Roofing and
Impairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
SNOW ,
NOTICE.
Notice is hereby given that apt) will t»c mafic to the Parliament of
lient ion Canada
INTBBPROVINC'iAL AND JAMES BAY

At Bottom Prices.
SKATES
DALE BROS.
I
cDOUGALL & CIREE,

i
Shawville.
We are selling at cost.
i
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
ssary for the purpose of the undertak-Andalso to authorize the company to acquire, work and dispose of. mines and timber lands and the products thereof; to acquire, erect, use, and dispose of pulp, ana paper mills ; and to acquire, use and dispose of, water powers for electrical and other purposes.
H. B. McGIVEKX, Solicitor for said Company Dated at Ottawa the 11th dav of .Janu ary, 1901.
ing
Don’t Make
a Serious Mistake
PATENTS
C. P
and buy a United States History of " Queen Victoria •
¦«MM
the Dominion.	.	.
Specialty :-Patent business of Manufacturers ana Engineers.
MARION & MARION
, Patent Experts and Solicitors.
/ New York Life B’ld'g. riontreel (Offices: | Atlentk Bldg,Washington DX.
PROMPTLY SECURED
Her Life and Reign
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited
Brantford, Ont.
t
.303 Calibre





Savage Magazine Rifle.
I

the twentieth century firearm
Tie Only Hsimeries Smokeless 6-Shcoter.
M» OO.. VTICA. K. T„ C. S. AMERICA.

for large or small game Write for complete 10# Catalogue.









###PAGE###5###

s,,-
—




























THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No 276.

the FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PVBLfSttBD EVERY THURSDAY
AT SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
suBSGHirrio*- $1.00 a \ea* m advance.
fjr No paper atopped until nil arrearage* v pald.uuiess by special arrange meut with ubUiher.
Spring 19011
SPRING 1901 !

1 Meets the 4th Wedues-i day of every mouth.
| / Court dues must he paid y promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
f LB.C.
DRESS GOODS
A. SMILEY, Prop.
f* A. Cowan, its.
II 8. Barnett,Î.8
John Beckett, C. R

DEPARTMENT
ADVERTISING RATES :
HAWVILLE HAVING- PARLOR,
JOHN S^ITfj, Proprietor.
B
L-igal odvcrtlstn* eighteen!* pn line for tint Insertion and four cents per Hue fur «Ht b subsequent Insertion.
Buelnctt card» not exceeding one lucli laser led at *4.00 per year.
Local announcement* Inserted at the rat'* of five cent* per lino for Ûnt Insertion and (hr* e coula for subsequent inset Ilona.
( onirncrcUl advertising ifv th
Large assortment of Sample Machinery on hand.
ure the best on the Continent.
R
Our Showing includes all the New Cloths
and Fashionable Shades.
Our Values are acknowledged to be the Best.
We claim to be recognized leaders in HIGH-CLASS DRESS GOODS.
Dm ht
s
mont h or
for longer period* lm<o*led at low tale*, which will be given ou application.
Ad vert tro maul* received without Ins» rue* tlon* accompanying them will be I marled until forblddvu and charged fur arvonllngly,
Birth, marriage and death notice* published free of charge. Obituary poetry tu routs per Hue.
A Fa
lONÀM.iî HAIR Cut
K » :
• #
<r00D Shampoo, or A Cl.KAN SUAVIC.
ostly all thinking men examine our Stock before buying.
have just received a car of McLaughlin Carriages. They
ive longer and wear better than any in the market.
#
very person welcome to inspect our stock.
ou will please call and see the many lines we keep.
Your Turn next.
M
It 6
O)
J0Z1 PR1NTIKO.
,
I
All kind* of Job Printing noitly and cheaply-xecutvd. OrUetit by mall promptly
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKEB ul
JEtYELLEIt
See cur beautiful Velour Cashmeres, Satin Amazons, Satinettes, Ghevoits, Serges, Poplins, Silkilines and Priest... ley’s Famous Black Goods....
W

JOHN A. COWAN,
m '
Publisher.
L
"	' };4
-AX .
Business Cards.

*
•

E
W A TCI1E i,
CLOCKS,
JEWiELLCRr.
silverware
MEDICAL.
:m
r 11
F. M.A. McNaughtoq,
V
m:

Graduate of McGill University,'
Office—Residence of the Lite Ur. H. II Knox. Shaw ville.
Office hour* Monday, Wedm «lay and Saturday afternoons.
Y
lt
Rbpairiîmi—
A SPECIALITY:


K
‘g*
-:CRUM’S ENGLISH PRINTS:-

SHAWVILLE, Q.
Newest Patterns ! Best Quality !
Lowest Prices !
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.
GEO. HYNES,
P. S.—Repairs for Frost & Wood, Coulthanl & Scott and J. W. Mann Machinery.
F. T. M. C.
0 initiate of Trinity Untveieity, Toronto; Oraluale of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. Collège, Toronto, Office axd Ruidsmci : J. H Amhtr >*o‘a House, MAIN 8TREIT • • 8UAWVILL1.
OUR CARPET DISPLAY
represents the pick and choice of the best manufacturers. The designs are tasty and artistic, and the remarkable part is that prices are so low.
§ ooooooooooooooooooo §
FURNITURE DEALER AND | a Pamracaa |
UNDERTAKER. j*
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE. I §
1901
1901
O
4of Beauté f
2ooooooooooooooooooo 5
LEGAL.
o
OR
BOÜRBEAQ RAiNflLLE, L. L, L
'I
OREMOST
URNITURE.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit Shawville every Monday.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on lmmi, at prices to suit all classes.
KEEP On Show Window for SPRING HAT YOUR Display. They will arrive about the
EYE
WM. GAMBLE,
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
IN UNDERTAKING
BARRISTER, &o.,
Room 28, Trust Building. No. 44 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawvllle, aeeond and fourth Thursday
;of cacti month.
•Mïlco-over G. F. Hodglna’ Store, Main St.
1st of March.
I also kei p n complete stock of t une-ml Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
G. F. HODGINS,
# #
CEO. C. WRIGHT, District and Country
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C,
Wo have also a first-class assortment of
Father O'Leary haï donated to the Jeffery Hale Protestant Hospital, Quebec, $2,500 of the amount presented to him vh a teatimon .nl. The governors of that institution will pay him a email annuity.
TERMS REASONABLE.
( FTARf.K* MODERATE. SATISFACTION I.VARANTEKL
PERSONAL ATTENTION.
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
Trust Building-
• •
# #

48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
Attends court# of Ottawa and Puntine Districts.
Lepage's big departmental store, Mont-iei\ his failed for $225,0C0.
Vaccination has been made compulsory Ue I in Renfrew and Canoe Lake.
The irresistible trend of events seers ! .— —	------------- ¦ - -
riï;.X“ibs«r - -* • h*-**»	a™*» co»* i*.
Shawiiile homos and streets as well.	and the South African war Mr. Berkeley	- and R. Mitchell.
Powell, M. P. P., has had the clause am- n .. , , A \	Shaw ville, 4 th March, BH)1.	1 Changes in Rural Inspector.—No. 1,
ended to include the veterans of the Fen- Britain S Answer has Been Given, j % fiesajon of the Council to-day. f Thomas McFsihne in place of James C.
wiSilS Mr rtJr.î™’. s”',»” ™	™ I"» ii xv.nvs.	«. hmm. H.M,
who enrolled elsewhere including in ... ..	f	HodniL.s.	i lie sec.-treasurer is further instructed
Winnipeg, March 6.—On Feb. 1900, Dr. Dcgrosbvis, Bon. Mr. Turgeon ro- »%dor and communicated to Secretary “/! w.rtvu ',w "Ru are aere‘xv c n.-inutt.. At this juncture the Council adjnurr.ed.
“~rr*
Ï2Î ,a:T, fact or y manned 8<£>d« or articles, samo power. According to a report pro. Uf 007 unqualified teacher., who properly complete rejection of the senate amend- , • “= j 'U d d reLrt?onPthe I,/ne " Gazette " Montreal, of Saturday, of auv kind taken and disposed of by public , sented by Commissioner Stuart the cost j are no teachers m tint they act only by , ments, and it leaves upon the T. nited ' D V	, t / v	i Marc.i 9 contains the opening chapters of
îs'ïÆÆfisÆs	snSr amassai !	— '
Laud for sale; OCtce : «Lawville,que. I less then 191 2 cents.. The year pre- the best educated of the young women of ed expedient.	I ml1	\p!!'	In “ Quisante," Mr. Hope's last story.
ceding the cost was 45 cents per light the province ate receiving less than thirty	--?- ; xv yA	t.4*	J the author of the ,s Dolly Dialogues ” and
per night.	cents a day for the arduous and difficult	Bristol Council.	! Stirk be naid* S4 in* for 11 ndari clwn The Prisoner of Zends "struck out into
ocu.. w.h. -o,=hMre„h.„i„,m™™.	_	pfr.tiS.-cS;,S:~h"‘m° fsjsss «Sî-ras;:‘r"~,
tried to get off to South Africa a. a mem x 8and Point ^respondent aiys: A . Minutes of regular session of the Mu- Moved by ccun. W. A. HoJgtna. sec. Eluh ,jfe of „	t d" lnd
- mEmsmmgm psipb gsiipg r&mm
mmm issssss Sî	msmm
fia, Company, now before the Legislature, The Sudbury Journai hal ,he (allowing Inspector of Division 50.	examining and reporting on side-line be- Blent * nromUe. to he the
provides that it shall be unlawful for a ^ regarding the smallpox «care in Moved by coun. Smiley, arc. by ccun. tween John James Hodgins and William , ¦ p , .	„ „ **“'"*,noT*1
shareholder indebted to the company la tbat V)wn:—11 There have been just nine Morria and resolved, that Ii R. Cuth- Corrigan.-Carried.	of the year, and the Gazette sub-
, piid. This demand, if granted, might CMe# sitogether belonging to Sudbury, bortson and W. E. Mayhew be appointed ; Moved, soc. and carried, that William .ninfin(; firli nprni..
I prevent a solvent man from doing what I d #|| |0 ilght that only two need ce- Auditors for the enuring year.	: Dale get the same number cf daye’labor * {./.Atn
he pleased with his own property, and ceMaril- ha”„ lost more than a day or two Duncan Campbell want, bridge on fifth from Wm. Uomer that is taken from him „ r, *7,J" n '. Î fe,ature' the causes an insolvent man to prefer the (rom w'rk i( not confinedi A few other line front of lot twelve moved further for lot 22 on the 9th range, which ia add- fl.i!i.„„„,ftPh(,wnr,ji.'t’r.eî"e.rB,lelre." company before hn other just creditors. Iasei have come ln from distant points, north, aa he claims it is on the line and ed to John Grant's division.	Z, Wl	«V f'egraph
It is alio contrary to the .pint of the Lgd been taken t0 the hospital A great he wants to put up hia fence.	Moved by coun. Fred Thomas, sec. by	f „ * » l.®oemercla!
general law. Corporation! are asking	,e in town do nol bclieve there Moved by con. Lucas, sec. by coun. coun. W. A. Hodgins. that the road bill	P . "„8J',*7 ’ 1 ^ ,lnd
much these days.	I i, any mfllpox. They say it is just a Smiley and resolved that the special of C. Caldwell be paid, I27.HO.-Carried. 'C."J Z, p“h\meBtlry
assmsassmsemm
doubles values and crops on low grade England on furlough pending discharge, account of $1 55 for repairing acaper, and in offers of the council: Load Inspect-lanai, alao greatly improves higher grade The regiment has lost 26 men by death tV.HLucaa' account of 00c. for spikes ora. >o. 1 Division. Matthew Thompson lands. For the last five years I have since sailing from Halifax, of whom 12 for bridge be paid.	'j^dof David Ruaaell. No. 4 D,v
_	—, raised heavy crop, of corn on grail ground were killed and 12 died from illoeia. Moved by coun. Henderson, sec. by Hugh Elliott- instead of Walter Eliott.
O only half plowed, without use of harrow, Thirty-eight of the Strathcona'a are in coun. Loci, and reaolved, that Walter No. , D.v„ Trueman Draper inatead of _________ marker, cultivator, weeder or even a hoe, South Africa in other corps, It of them Stanton be appointed Road Inspector in Alonzo Draper. No. 11, Andrew Sly ,n-
n mu
Win McVeity, bri ther of Taylor Mc-Veity, Ottawa city solicitor, shot himself by accident with a revolver in hia office, Chicago, on Friday the lit mat. L
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of tbe District Magistrate*' Coart.
Commissioner end Conveyancer. Deeds, | died the following day. Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satis-factor 11 y.
SHAWVILLE - -
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY PV8LI\ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO.. OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawvillo on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.


Mr. Schwab, the gentleman who has been selected as president of the new large siz-*d steel and iron combine of North America, ia to receive the ht:!e WILLIAM ELLIOTT	salary of $800.000 a year. Thu ought to
AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT be enough to ke?p him out of temptation,
I sbawvllle . Que., respectfully solicita and allow nis Company to absorb the rest
su<a«?mentaror Aaybusiuesainflonneetioxi pf the earth without his trying to keep w.ta ail Courts! a tbe County, Collections1 luadeaudp-ompireturnsisiiured
13
J. J. TURNER,

HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
BT
•»
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation.1 Table and Bar always well fumlsbed.
First-class Livery Attached.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and DOCK

of the year, and the scribers will have no common privilege tn enjoying the first perusal of it.
I In Addition to this m
—ALL KINDS OF—
Interior & Exterior
FINISH FOR
Sonsei 3c Verandahs

MA2H7FACTVB1D.
DOORS, 8ASII, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, kc. kr,
Kept tn «took and made to order.
LI MBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRICES.


-
McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Quebec, March 10.—Quebec Government ia said to have decided to sell on June 4 next, seven thousand square mites of timber limits on the Upper Ottawa, Si. Maurice, Gaspe, Bonaventure, Rim-ou*ki, Orandvitle, 8t. Charles, Saguenay and Lake St. John agencies.
It is rumoured that Herbert F, Gardener, editor of the Times, is to be appointed postmaster of Hamilton, Ad#9% Brcin being superannuated.
¦ii
• I
Estimâtes famished.
w

X






w
1







m




###PAGE###6###


7


X

m mmmt
a The Man Who Knows.
ï suppose, made hie appearance, and greeted na« with more cordiality than I had expected him to show. To
JAPANESE RABIES;
FROM ERIN'S BREEN ISLE
NEW ZEALAND'S PROGRESS
i
%
According to our modern scientific Mena ap to the careful treatment of bahlas, thune of Japan would eeemtol WHAT IS HAPPENING IN TB LAND
OP THE SHAMROCK.
I
)
‘9A
my inteime aurpriia howerar, he «1-1A CORRESPONDENT WRITES ABOUT lowed no sign of astonishment to
escape him at my haring joined the boat after ell
later, aa we were approaching the companion atepa, he sold
THE MOUKRN UTOPIA
hare a hard time, and yet there are
no healthier or fatter looking little mortals on the face of the earth. We Insist on a fixed temperature on sterilised milk, and all sorts #f Improved things, while the Japanese ha by gets a good done of nature, and eeems to thrive on it. It is dressed and undressed in a frigid temperature in winter, and in summer Its tender Ut- I
But a few minutas | ««vemmeei •waeriklp Is Popnlar-Tfcr
¦•reple Rsts Adopt'd the < • Overallve riaa on n Large Seale, and II W*rh«
Well.
*eiy reeple sf Op iwersli lei
reaees Thai Will lii«tr»l iHen-iaas-
fleas.
»
My breakfast finished, I answered both these letters, informed my
frienda of say contemplated depar- "I should very much like to be able
hire by the same steamer, and prom- to do so," was the doctor's reply. “My hark at Plymouth; was I mistaken,,,
feed that 1 would do all that lay In opinion Is, If you want me to be can- therefore, when 1 thought I saw you I	tell «ometlung of the rrmui k-
my power to ensure both the young did. that you hamo been drugged and coming off with your luggage thia|^* I'10**™3 that 1* being made in traveller's pleasure and his safety.	well-nigh poisoned by a remarkably evening r	civilisation and In Christian socialism
Fur the rest of the morning I was clever chemist. But what the drug "No, you were not mistaken," I b7 that progressive and original little tIe arA	to * | ment, te dead
ocoupit-A hulking a letter to my and the poiion were, end who ltd- »nsw.red, being able now to account «°loa7 :	, full glare of the *un, m U to carried
for his lack of surprise. *% came " One of the pleasantest features el ¦en 115 ,,M,( l,*r 1 ‘u k It Is to be fear-•oroes the Continent	like yourselves,	| ¦« railway ride in this country is wit-|	^ however,	that	this	latter treat	|	by jo votes to	7.
and only joined the	vessel a	couple	' nemedng the children	flocking to the|nient ,ft'n *1M	the eyes	of!	pickled pigs'	heads, It	seems,
of hours ago."	train in going to or	returning from	*he children,	though	they get over	>t	I	sont from Denmark to	Ireland, eg
Here the Marquis	chimed	In, end	school. They get un	the train as if |	lator in life.	I	the food of tbs	poorer classes,
diverted the conversation Into an-i they owned it, and no one asks them j 1 he Javanese ara a very cleanly race I The Ham burg-American Line baa
for tickets. They ride free of obarge, I® mai‘n lsifticularg, but these del awarded a contract for
m<ü where I am. and what Is the master with met"
Sir William H. Leylnge, uf Mullin-f*r» loft an estate worth #100,000.
The teaching of the metric system is now compulsory In Irish schools.
B. H. Mntge, who onoe representod North Meath in the British Parlia-
*T understood from hie loriehip Mr. Ha l ieras, that you were to cm-
The following excerpts from a letter received from a correspondent in New
Blackrook Urban Council passed a resolution in favour of House Rule
nwe-etheart, informing her of my re- ministered It to you, and the motive turn to the Colonies, and telling for doing so, is more than 1 can tell fcer all ray advenitures since	her	de-	you. Fnyra what 1 can	learn	from
parture,	the	hotel proprietors,	you	were
The afternoon was spent in saying brought here from the railway sta-good-bye to the	few business	friends,	tion	in a cab last night	by a gvntle-
1 hud made In	London, and	in	tbe	man	who happened to find you	in the
evening I wont for the Lust time to carriage in which you travelled down
from london. You were in such t_
art
other chuunek
P	PI H	_	a ateamei
"Where Is everybody r he asked, Station# are provided at frequent in- j ®°t always embrace the little baby | 759	Ion¥ to e
K when Mr. Baxter bed left us and gone j tervnls, and each one Ls a post-office! f vx 1 1 Ul<> ;*un|,,t iim-s qimci The biggest steak in the country below. "There are a lot of names on j telegraph and telephone office, and a i smutty. This suits the baby all right;! ^ oleimod by the Fen country, and the passenger list, and yet l see no. | eaTings bank as well ue railway and U” faot' biby would tell you that ! atnnds six miles from Spalding. It J* body about V*	j express office as the Government oon- U* ^ ^ moro humane than that com-I qo less then §0 feet square and 8#
"They are all In bed," I answered, ducts all these clauses of business, pulsory treatment w ith unsolicited I Lm height.
"It is getting late, you see, and, if J Think of the saving in office expenses a<>aP and wa^er * Perhaps this is the I sir Charles Ga van Duffy has prelam not mistaken, wo shall be under j by this system and you will bo able reason that the Japanese babies are I seated to the Royal Irish Academy
to comprehend why the railroad fares Ba*d never to cry. Seeh a stntenaentl khs valuable "Then, 1 think. If you’ll excuse I ***d parcel post are ao much cheaper | ^ a° exaggeration of the truth ; while ! manuscripts and curios relating te me for a few moments, I'll go below here than in Canada. In spite of the j they are good-natured above the aver-| Ireland and Irish affairs, to my cabin. I expect Mr. Baxter | great expense of the construction and ; a<re» they c*u bawl as loudly as any I The number of emigrants from Ire-will 1-e wondering where lam." I equipment of railroads in this land one wlv‘n occasion demande.	I	hand for the ten mouths ending Oo-
When he had left mo I turned to of high wages and short hours, the B would l* impossible to find a I toftser 81st waa 43,649, as compared I sat up in bed. but was only too	bulwarks and stood looking railway passenger rate is only about more fascinating sight than a clean I with 40,298 daring the corresponding
and	then j	*lad to lie down again, fur my weak-	acroa* the W;lter	at the	gleaming	txvo-thirds of the average price In the	M* pa twee l*>by in Its fresh robes. These |	period of	last year.
...	The.	nc3S was extraordinary. I looked at	llt»Thts ashore.	One by	one the	Dominion, while the parcel, post and	4ir* "''“de cf crepe of the brightest and	Daikey	Urban Ooanoll	refused	to
the doctor.	boats alongside pushed off, and from telegraph rales are far cheaper. gayest design and color. In w in t ar I g- ra nt a telephone company permis-
"How long before you run have me the sounds that came from for’ard, TELEGRAMS SHIN 1’ CHEAP. I the small head is < -o\ered with a worst- I lion to erect poles on Its streets, fit to travel?”	I gathered that the anchor was bring "A telegram of twelve words is sent	oapof the same shades.	The bright I fearing that	they would Interfere
“(live yourself three days' rest and	got aboard. Five	minutes	later we	to any part in New Zealand by simply	*^ck eyes lock out of a round face I	with the	appearance of the place,
quirt.” he replied, “and we’ll see what	had swung round	to our course and	affixing to it a fid. stamp-twelve	*hich has the moat exquisite coloring I	The Rev. John Pollock,	Shamrock
I we can do.’’	were facing for the open sea. For cents.	>f brown and deep red, and the blank street church, Glasgow, has accepted
“Three days? And two days and a	the first mile or eo	my thoughts	"The wagon roads are	a marvel for	j	hair is c*it in all	sorts of fantastic	the call	to St. Enoch’s congregation,
half to cross the Continent, that’s five	chased each other in	rapid euoore-	so new a country. The	Government	wa73» just like the	hair of the Japan-I	Belfast.	The congregation is a very
and a half—say six days. Good! I'll eion. You must remember that it builds many of these roads, construct- dolls Imported into this country. I large and Influential catch the boat in Naples, and then,	was in Naples I had	learnt that	ing them with no grade	greater than	;	he whole family	take the deepest	It ie intended that the new regt-
Dr. Nikola, if you’re aboard, as I	my darling loved me,	and It wap In	1 In 12. In other oases	the Govern-	Pr*de in the baby,	and especially the I	ment of	Irish Guards shall have a
suspect, I should	advise you to look Naples now that 1 was bidding good-	ment loans the local boards one-half j	her and mother, who	are often | band. It will
bye te Ku ope and to all the strange tlu- ,UJlds RWWry fur construction	Indulgent
events that had befallen me there.! a !°w rate °f Interest, payable in
instalments, covering a period of six
a theatre.
Five minutes to eleven o’clock next ; furious condition that 1 was sent for morning found me at Waterloo sit- *%d this nurse procured. Now you ting in a first-class compartment of know all about it.” the West of England express, bound j ^ hat day did you say this is?” for Plymouth and Australia. Though ;	‘ Saturday, to be sure.”
iht‘ platform was crowded to excess [ ’Saturday!” 1 cried. "You don't 1 had the carriage so far to myself m(‘an that! Then, by Jove, I've miss-•nd waa about to congratulate nay-1 C<1 the Saratoga after all. Hero, let
a me get up? And tall the® down-
way in a few minutes.”
collection of books,
¦elf on mj gvud far tune, when
porter appeared on the scene, and do- stairs to mend for the Inspector of posited a hng in the opposite corner Doll®®* I have got to get to the bot-A moment later, and just as the train *om °f thi$.”

was in motion, a man jumped in the carriage, tipped the servant, i placed a basket upon the rack train was half-way out of the staticn before he turned round, and my suspicions were confirmed. It was Dr. Nikola!

though he must hive known who
affected
hi.> companion waa, he great surprise.
“Mr. Hatleras,” he cried. “I think this is the most extraordinary coincidence l have ever experienced in my

one.
lif
be entitled to 42
Some parente I musicians. The band will be localised e*em incapable of denying their chil-| in Dublin, and not In London.
T	and in nay to th« house- The krewt recordld o(fertor Wlg
hold eatirely rutod by a small tyrant et the vpeaiBC ^ at- Patrlok., of a girl or boy. In this way there are draU ArDK(pb, wh#n Fa(ber Burk8
•ften a polled children In Japan.	preached. In 1174. The amount then
The babies of the lower classes are ga,hered waa nearly or quite *110,006.
Peasants in Donegal are anxious to
find a good market for the large small brother is obliged to be the quantities of honey with
nursery maid. The "kimono" in made country Is favoured, extra large at the back, with a pooket dustry large enough to slip the baby in, end Donegal Its round head reaches the buck of the neck of the person who is carrying it. It is not an uncommon sight to see children who arc barely old enough to toddle themselves burdened with a small brother or sister sleeping peacefully on their hacks. At first you open your eyes in horror, and expect to see the email one stug-g*r and fall beneath the weight, but apparently none of its movements ara
Why so?" I asked. "You knew 1 was going to Plymouth to-day, and) on> moment's reflection must have, told you, that as my boat sails at eight, I would be certain to take the1
out."
CHAPTKIt Vil
1 leant up n the rail, looked at the Lst receding country In our wake, at old Vesuvius, fire-capped, away
'Fortunately for me my arrange-monte fitted in exactly, so that at one
Plymouth,*' he answered, taking the basket, before mentioned, down from
teen years. The other half is appropriated by the Government. These
morning express, which lands me
roads are graded and metalled by co-
X® ne .rally carried on the back of the mother or little sister ; sometimes the
which, before many weeks were pass- °f about twelve men each, who divide looking out on the blue waters of e] WÜUjd y* lifting its head above til*i*r earnings equally. I am mow.in
itxd Hmwinff . Prnn. w	1 ° 111-v r: ! u*l 11 our bows to welcome me back to the a x%vanderful dairy section and the
novel from his coat Docket "1	San ^[a,tino' l>vll!n<l lIU> 1 ll:V of sunny land and to the girl 1 loved hoine of co-operation.
1 am going dow n to meet him.	The journey from London ia gen- u( Uit	to receive sight.- cents a pound for
cents to nij^eteen cents and has disbutter; now he receives eighteen
pernod with the drudgery of skirn-
minff, churning and marketing
also has the sweet dkirnmed milk to
which the The homey in-U almost a new phase in
the rack,
j The question of Inscribing names of Dublin streets in Irish as well as in English, is before the Corporation. An,estimate of the cost of carrying out this rather ridiculous proceeding Is calculated at very close on £4,000.
Two labourers, Michael Clifford and John Sullivan, employed by a large farmer named Nolan, near Limerick, were found in bed with their throats out. Clifford was quite dead, and Sullivan in an unconscious condition. The explanation is forthcoming as to how the tragedy occurred.
the
I felf relieved to hear that he was erally considered Hoi thinking of sailing in the Sara- and weansoane one; it certainly prov-togu, and after a few polite com- 1 so to ms, for it must be remember- j inonplaces, we both lapsed into sil-' od that my mind was impatient of eu ce. 1 was too
I
icve, a long
t M
The steamer ploughed her aluveat silent course, and three-quarters of an hour later we were abreast of Capri. As 1 was looking at it, Lord Beckenham came down the deck and stood beside me. llis first speech told me that he was still under the influence of his excitement ; indeed, he spoke in rapturous terms o the enjoyment he expected to derive from his tour.
"But are you sure you will be u good sailor Î" I asked.
"Oh, I have no fear of that.” he answered confidently. ,'A> you know j 1 have been out in my boat in some pretty rough weather and never felt in the least ill, so 1 don't think it is likely that I shall begin to be a bad sailor on a vessel the size of the | Saratoga. By the way, when are we due to reach Port Said?"
"Next Thursday afternoon,	11
believe, if all goes well."	I
"Wiil you let me go ashore with you if yyu go ? I don't want to | bother you, but after all y eu have | told me about the place, I should! like to see it in your company."
"I'll take you with pleasure,”
He
suspicious, and he every delay, while my bodily health v, is too wary, to appear over friend-| was not ns yet recovered from the ly. ( laphum, W im bled on. Surbiton, severe strain that had been put up-
raise calves and li*igs upon. It Is common thing for a dairy of twenty-five cows to bring Its owner $1,000 per season, besides the pigs and calves
a
fame and went. Weybridge and on it.
Woking flashed by at lightning speed The first thing to be done on ar-« ad even Basingstoke was reached be- rival a/t the terminus was to discover fore we spoke again. That station be- a quiet hotel; a place where I could hind us, l)r. Nikola took the basket I rest and recoup during the heat of the b fore mentioned on his knees, and day, and, what was perhaps more im-ojit-ned it. When he had done so, the portant, where I should run no risk same enormous black cat, whose ac- of meeting with Dr. Nikola or his
impeded, and it plays with the other J grown on the milk. It is necessary to children up unconcernedly as if not feed stock very little, if any, hay or loaded down with another member of grain
the family
FARMERS CO-OPERATE, TOO
__0 I I	HI At Nagasaki, amongst the women
"The farmers here have organized I coalers who coal the ship,
you see|	Brigade Is a very strong
j «©o-op«ratlire union, which has grown I msny with babies or their backs in org“ Sion in Vbün.Tud ’tL^dlf. into almost the dimensions of a depart- this way. The mothers work all day, | ferent ment storc-dncluding groceries, *>ols | in the
machinery, dry goods, medicines, harness, bakery, etc. Their store nearly half a block. As a sample of what this union has done for thorn I might mention that bread, which formerly sold for four cents a pound, has been reduced by the union to two and one-half cents. On this, and all other business, there is a handsome profit, the shareholders receiving a return of about five per cent, on all bills purchased, and an additional dividend of
no
quaintance 1 had made in the East satellite». I had originally intended India Dock Road, stepped proudly : calling at the office of the steamship forth. In the daylight the brute company in order to explain the rea-iooked even larger and certainly fier- son of my not joining the boat in cer than before. I felt I should have Plymouth, planning afterwards to
companies had a great time of run, or the Min, or the snow, I it on Saturday night last, when they
and there, baby sleep», indifferent to assembled to greet the Ambulance everything, the top of its head alone Oorpe of the brigade, which returned visible, while the movements of the | that night, after an absence of six mother do nut • - in in the least bin-
covers
liked nothing better than to have caat ubout mt'* among the various taken it by the tall and hurled it i hotel», for the Marquis of Becken-out of the window. Nikola, on the i ham and Mr. Baxter. But, on second other hand, seemed to entertain for thoughts
ths in South Africa, where they dared, and she omplLshes am much | did some very useful work.
>-rk as the men. It seems as if the

Henry Fowler, a Dublin police constable, was remanded on a charge o* murdering a young woman.
Sir Algernon Quote, Bart., of Bally fin , Queen’s Otx, lias been appointed
You went right In boldly, did you? I W* Majesty’, Lieutenant for the Yes, after looking in	Queen's Oounty, in the ro«n of Via-
And you started ahead and asked |0Ollnt de Ve8oL who haa rcei*ned the
position. Sir Algernon is Premier
Baronet of Ireland, the title having
been created in 1620. The Coote
bates in the Queen’s Oounty extend
over 50,000 acres.
I saw the Wisdom of
txibiiDs of this cl.usa were born stoics I
abandoning both these courses. If
it the most extraordinary affection Now such was this marvellous man’s have followed the thread ol my
narrative, you will readily understand
power of fascination that by the time we reached Andover Junction his conversation had roused mo quite out of myself, had made me forget my previous distrust of him, and enabled me to tell myself that this railway journey was one of the most enjoyable I had ever undertaken.
IIIS BOLDNESS EXPLAINED
why.
Nor for the same reason did I feel
inclined to board the steamer, which I could see lying out in the harbour, until darkness had fallen. I ascertained, however, that she was due to sail at midnight, and that the mails were already being got aboard.
Almost exactly as eight o’clock was striking, I mounted the and strolled down the promenade deck to the first saloon entrance; then calling a steward to my assistance, I had my baggage conveyed to my cabin, where I set to work arranging my little knicknacks myself comfortable for the five weeks’ voyage that lay before us. So far I had seen nothing of my friends, and. on making inquiries, I discovered that I
j eight per cent, on their stock.
" The farmers last year organised a co-operative bacon factory, which | the old * : has resulted in giving them better j prices for their hogs without the j cessity of slaughtering them at home.
| They even fcet their meat for their own use slaughtered and cured at the factory and few farmers’ wives now bake their own bread.
answered, "provided Mr. Bixi« r gives his consent
n for his daughter?
mi
I suppose we must re
Well, no, I didn’t
gard him as skipper.”
"Oh, Ï don’t think we need fear his refusing. He is very good-natured, you know, and lets me have my own way a good deal.”
"Where is he now?"
Why not?
Ho wasn't there.
08-
In Balia bury we book luncheon baskets on board, with two bottles of champagne, for which my companion in spite of my vigorous protest, would Insist upon paying.
As the train rolled along the charming valley, in which lie the miniature towns of Wilton, Din ton, and Tiabury, we pledged each other in right good fellowship, and by the I time Exeter was reached were friendly enough to have journeyed round the world together.
gangway
Diseases of the
Throat and Lungs
rrr"vrr-r
and thought he would turn in before I °*	7?	tban
we got under way. 1 think I bed “	1 baVB
better be going now. Good-night.» \^ommeud .k.Ued laborer.,
I "Good-night." 1 answered, and he	*»%"t«re, teacher., etc., to
lift me again.	!	»
When I was alone I returned l0‘«ood home, and U w,11,ng to work hard .....	, ... ...	.	.. j at common labor to secure it, New
they had not yet come «board. In	hoU6 a ot Ph*llm and tba Zealand off ere splendid chances, but
Exetar behind us. I began to	feel	deed,	they did not do so until the last	Iutur*’.	my plpe	!	the man who expects to grow	rich	To-day It is only a cw»h- only «
drowsy, and before the engine came	boat	jhad discharged its burden at	was LmsBe 1.	went below to my bunk	:	from thfl ubor o( other3 or who ig	tickling in the throat.	To-morrow
to » standstill at Okehampton	was	the	gangway. Then I met Lord 7\ bad discovered	j	looklng for a .eoft BnaP|. will do	well	will oome the pains and	soreness In
fast asleep.	Beckenham on the promenade deck,	* ,er. “	th®	evening was n portly	to stay away. It is not a land «	mil-	the «best, the bronchial	tubes and I !
I remember no more of that ill- and unaffected was the young man's E°6lish merchant of the old school, ^onalrea and tramps."	lungs. Once again is repeated the old
fated journey; nor, indeed, hare I delight at seeing me.	w " waa visiting ils ageii s hi Aus-	_ _ story of consumption or pneumonia colds that was erer discovered
any recollection of anything at all, "Mr. Hatteras," be cried, running tralia ; and' tlom the violence of his	?	developed from a neglected cold Mre' F' ^w^cr. of GbeeterviiUe,
until I woke up in Room No. 37 of forward to greet me with outstretch- aa°""' 1 e6ould Jud*e had not much	DERIVATIVE.	There is no use giving un and as visa	little girl of three year»
the ship	and	Vulture	Hotel	in	My-	ed hand, "this was aUthat was	want-	b	“1 ' jj k Fg f j “ ' ",	I’m trying to get some'information	“ J®	will	be,"	for you can	My husband and Mhougbt The	wan
in« to make my happiness complete.	m‘n® waa	tbe '°w ^ bunk' e.na ”hen	about a friend of mine, named Fox,	;®lleve	aad	my	cough and	going to	leave the world, as her	case
a rosy face, and grey hair, was stand- pantry." I answered, shaking him by " ®D ex morning. After a good (	tbaf« about right, replied	°f Canad“n hem, a, as a ter the first twe or three doses the
-E:	: SIS- -
A nurse to	hospital	dress	stood |	journey across the Continent."	not	much	inclined for conversation. |	BrookitUtfTha.fi a new one to me	I oonsidersd invaluable ss a remedial	Nearly	every druggist has
"Delightful T was his reply.	"We	H,s	usual	jovial face, It struck me,	but r reckon j eee the eonneotion. He’	^	^ a,r pes" !	eort ot •	=Wure to offer	yoe
r uhb ed^huTplumhands til	stnJ’weVvëVeTh!" ^%%^t%.igt%Æt' ^	___ | ^^7^^hsr^ed!^
gather; "but I'll look round In tbe we have beep rushing snout seeing hie good spirits were more than half	. -.--a RKDTTCFR	* ™akf * Peasant tasting and re- and has no worthy rival. Dr. Chase's
course of the afternoon."	everything, like a regulation pair of assumed.	I	'	msrksUy effeoUvs preparation (or 4yrup of Ltoaeed and Turps,
’ Oa« memewL” I said feebly, fori British tourists.”	A 1 1 hls hmo a aaaar? sea was rnn» I Stout Lady—Does s bicycle reduce!	ailmeorts. cents e bottle; fairly else
—1 — -	•— rr°'!t. ,TT' -1° <"¦£SiMi'S? S¦ SVUSL?
a spw. ’’WoteLd you mind telling j bad been looking after the luggage,	To be Continued	1 buy it on the lnetellment plan It does. |	end Lung treatment yen ever ! )•*/, Ttfoeta
and making
L^ad to Pneumonia and Consumption—Dr. Chase's
Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine Cures These
Ailments.	- '

used. When tired of new-fangled mixtures of uncertain merit you cam turn to Dr. Chase's Syrup of LLnsaed and Turpentine with abaoiiute aeeur-e that it ie the safest, surest, and most thorough cure for epughs and

I


beside him.
any era, or Bdenanaov Mato# Cue»




à



###PAGE###7###


^ CEYLON AND INDIA TEA,!
GREEN OR BLACK
TA«1-LI'S? BRITISH VOLUNTEERS.
A in raher of the London Scottish was said a abort time ago to hold the rrfl r t in this la+p ct, being 6 feet 7 1-2 inchve in/ height. A mrmher of the Third Volunteer Bittalion of the Royal Wret Kent Regiment, named Walker 1* fi feet 6 Inches In height. The lA*f-namwl volunteer waa aho
From Tea Garden to Ooneumer,

Ob the Farm.


I
BREEDING FOR AN OBJECT;
"""" T,A toe'— •VW “ “ S|W,T* w“ “hw 'ri'oiiàï- «», M, 40, M «M H.
Thousand* of her*'» are brought Into existence without any definite Idea on the part of the breeder as |o the market require monte they are to meet
upon three considerations ; First, the imry evbhsnt fact that an inordinate proportion are fitted for no special market class, indicating that u large number of farmers are not acquainted with the market classes! that have been eatnbLiehwi by the trade, iSeo-one, the glaring defects that are |wsited unnoticed by the owners the fact that the average horseman la vastly better acquainted, with the blemishes of hontes than he is with the proper type and characteristics that go with the different uses to which the horsé Is put reasons are sufficient to account for ! tike production of a mass of inferior animals which do not meet the eye of the critic until they are offered far pile.
Dealers by long experience and constant observation have learned to H ninety all the requirements of a horse, and im their minds c lea rent ideas exist a* to what he should or should not b
00 clearly established in the minds of the rainera of Hordes, as they are in chose df the dealers, we should have
Every heuee should be painted, 2 but it should be painted with a high grade paints. If you paint
with tiheap paints, your time and i* money is lost, it is net pwinth . that cost, it is the labor. Pure * paints cost so more l~ cheap paints.
ft Is Perfect, Because It Is Pure, Wholesome, Clean, Delicious. :	,h<' t,neMt ,oolbul1
j goalkeeper in England. These were
It reaches you In its natural state Prussian Blue, Soapstone, etc., «tatrd to ,lu* tail'll mem > ns of
may volunt< er corps in this country at
the time, and probably are so still.
il
HIGH GRADE PAINTS.
This conviction Im bused.
J
ire not used, as in other teas, to hide defeats. It has none
4
in labor than
SHORTHAND TAUGHT TO SOLDI BRiA
The French minister of war proposes giving shorU*en4 lemonm lo soldiers In all I he French garrisons.
A free sample of delicious SALADA Tea seat on receipt of postal mentioning: which you drink—Black, Mixed, or Green Tea. Address “ SALADA,” Toronto or Montreal
Ramsay’s
Paints
the highest grade pure palette at the lowest coet. Do ymu waet to learn all about pa Hit «—bow to salat /our heuse and eec seme beautiful homes r
are
Phird
OANAJ>IAN WOMENS LOY*L AD-DRESfl TO QUEEN ALEXANDRA.
fills the real need, and fills it tfo wel that the prospective buyer is ready to p iy good money for it. The difference in not so much Ln the added ex-ptMise for the sire a4 It Is in the. minds oft hit men who do the breeding. Ah With cattle, or with any other farm stock, if the breeder has in advance u clear-cut idea of w<hat he proposes to secure, and use* good Judgment in the selection of his sire, in nine cases out of ton he will succeed. If, however, he undertakes to produce as highly organised an animal as the horse without definite plans in mind, in nine oases out of ten, ho will fail.
*#
IIS »
U
The opportunities given for signing this address to Her Majesty, sxpreM-the loyalty and Appreciation of
of Canada, have been
1NT5
poet card for Booklet
Drop u* a “KT* free
DARE
irug
*
A. RAMSAY & SON
the women largely taken advantage of in num-1 places throughout the DominAs there must, however, be wo- | BelatêS HU EipenenCS for ttlf
here and A here who have not yet
all ask
These three
PAINT MAKERS
MONTREAL.
let'S 1042
erout*
ion

Benefit of Others
men
learnt that	they are
a<l to Join inH	1
ment, it in now announced that
there will still be time, for those who have not had a chance of engning the Bignature sheets to Bend in an application to have their names added to the roll. The usual signature, without prefix or address, sent in an envelope with an authorisation to have it copied in fac-niniile, and enclosing not less than a two cent stamp to cover expenses, will be in time if receiv-
es
this
move» Preprleler #f Ha# »ak#	## Theme*
TWENTIETH ANNUAL STATEMENT
--OF THE—
$
North American Life
Assurance Company.
HEAD OFFICE 112-118 KIND STREET
WEST, TORONTO.
t Had
l»«l
I
7
¦In fer #v#r Vire Va»r«. aad le tiled
St. Thames, March 4, (Special).—Mr. L. Dake, of Mia Dakm House, in this city, I* a proud man for he ham at lafl-t far ever disposed of a toe, which hum given hfm a great' deal of pain and annoyance during the last fivo or six yeara. That foe was Kidney Trouble and Lame Back. Dodd's Kidney Pills droive it out, never to return, and now Mr. D&ke is happy. This is what ho says:
If t hase ideas could
BRITISH AMERICA ASSURANCE
COMPANY.
The Sixty-so vent hi Annual M'-eilug fewer scalawags produced to be held of tb<« Shareholders of this company
up .t the market, arvt ultimate., %% ^1,“Fe°fe. m?™'
for a price that barely < o^ers hi ']he President, Hull. Geo. A. Cox, oo- ë(j tj,§ Secretary, at the Central
HÜÜE iüS Eheh£i ss?s -
th,«	i—m.-
seventh year, duly vouched for by its minuted will be bound in a large vol-
umw, tcgrether with the nignature Bhaets, in a manner worthy of the women who are so enthusiastically throwing themselves into this scheme.

Per the Year Ended December 31st, 1900.
$J»3J6,7I0 31
Dee. jo, 1899. To net Ledger Assets
e e e e e
RECEIPTS.
helped me in the least. Finally, I was told by a friend who had tried them, that Dodd's Kidney Pills would cure me, and I decided to try. They relieved me from the first and eventually cured me completely. They are a wonderful medicine.”
$821,919 °o
183,041 55
/Deq. ji, igyo, To Cask for Premiums
<«	*• To Cash Income on Investments, etc
Renting as many horses.
Tho expense of grohrtug a horse that nobody wants doe* not greatly differ from that of producing one that
1,005,970 5|
$4,34',680 7)
auditor».
It will bo noted that there ha* been a considerable increase in the premium in' m for the year, this being mainly due tot the b usine** derived from the new field* in which the ç^mpany hua established business connection», and also to the improved conditions that have prevailisd in the m trine business.
Two hilf-y- aily dividends have been declared atf tho rate of 7 per cent, per annum, amounting to $GO,323.!lfl, and the jeserve fund has been increased to $581,457.22.
6n view of the abnormal fire losses on thin continent during the year 1900, including the disastrous conflagration in April last in the cities of Hull and Ottawa, which involved a loss.of property to the value of about ten million dollars, your directors feel that the statements herewith submitted must be regarded as satisfactory by the shareholders.
The capital stock of the company has hewn increased to one million dollars, in accordance with the by-law ()f passed at the last annual ineetihg, the $250,000.00 new stock authorized to be issued at a premium of 15 per cent, having been all taken up.
DISBURSEMENTS.
By Payment for Death Claims, Profitante $304,679 °o
164,493 33
Dm. Il, «y»
Thera aro many people in St. Thomas and vicinity who have very
By all other Payments
# #
e e • e
e #

569M73
Mmsti C. 0. RICHARDS A. Co.,
Gentle...,—tt	' RL I “»*	«' ^
ria Leclalre. one of the men employed ^k. I he local druggists report a
VIGOROUS OLD AGE
$3.773.508 0»
ASSETS.
by me workinr In tho lumber woods, very large sale, and this is not to
had a tree fall on him crushing him wondered at, as many very re-fearfully. He was, when foued, placed on a sled and taken home, where
entertained for hie MAj and county
OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF DR. WILLIAMS’ PINK PILLS.
Mr. William Gray ef Newmarket, Telle
81,281,389 91 739,813 ic
• 1,013,79996
389,751 79
339.7»9 38 91.580 00
26,473 93 •3.773.508 08
" Pr-miums outstanding, etc. (lees cost of collection). *^63,07
44 Interest and rents due and accrued......... %4°»68
$3.977. *63 8,
By Mortgages, etc............ ......
“ Debentures (market value $739,199 “ Stocks and Bonds (market valut* *1 ** Real Estate, including.Company’s building
11 Loans on Policies, etc............
11 Loans on Stocks, (nearly all on call)
11 Cash in Banks and on Hand...
Dee. ji, içeo.
47)
markable cure* are reported in the
0.31,680 00)
grave fears were
recovery, hi* kips .being bxdly braised and hie body turned black from his rib* to his feet. We used MLNARD’$
LINIMENT on him freely to deaden the pain, and iwith the use of three| are Uwy, dear! bottle# he was completely cured an<| able to return to Ms -Work.
BAVVBK DUVAL Klgin Road. LTslet Co., Qua.
May 26th. 1893.
* e #
• e e e
# # e #
# # #
e o
e # #
QUICK CHANGE.
the Advanced Age of Seventy, After Having Suffered Great Torture from
Sciatica and Rheumatism.
#e#e##e#ee###eee
Ida —The fruits of marriage. What
1 1
May—(The fruits of marriage are
From the Express, Newmarket, Ont. Mr. William Gray, who is well and • favorably known in tha town of Newmarket and vicinity, is rejoicing over his release from the paint of sciatica,
4 5
gr ipes, bananas and oranges during the honeymoon and specked apples afterward.
LIABILITIES.
$	60,000 00
To Guarantee Fund « Assurance and Annuity Reserve Fund 3,.166,709 000 “ Death Losses awaiting proofs, ete.
Dae. **, 1900.
iiaanl s LiBiment Relieves Ifenralgii
THE BIG CITIES OF THE WORLD
and rheumatism through the use Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills. A reporter •f the Express called upon him for the purpose of obtaining particulars of the cure when Mr. Gnyr gave ' ho following story for publication “ About two and a half years ago I
attack
54,36a 44
The following table shows tho number of cilice with a population of over 100,000 In seven of the leading countries
of Lh<- world : Gre*t Britain, 38; Ger- wa^ successful, but t he patient died ni tny, 33; Unitod States, 28; Ruseia, what do yooi mean by that ?
17; France, 15; Italy, 12; Austria-Hungary, 7.
3,477.071 44
A COMPLETE SUCCESS
•560,192 39
Net Surplus
(Summary or Financial Statement
Total cash income........
Total expenditure, including appropriation for losses under adjustment. .
Dr. Pills.—You say the operation
« #
*1,951,233.34
Audited and found correct.
J. N. LAKE, Auditor.
The financial position of the Company is unexcelled—its percentage of net surplus to liabilities exceeds that of any other Home Company.
New insurance issued during 1900.........................•*••••'
; Exceeding the best previous year (except one) in the history di the
Company.
Insurance la feroe at end of 1900 (net)....
Dr. Squills—He lived long enough to pay his bill. What moire could you
ask f
1,890,347.57
was seised with a very severe
of rheumatism, The pain was simply
torturing. At times the trouble was
Seated in my knees, then in my hips.
For nearly a year I suffered along,
working ae beet I could, in the hope
the die-
$4tI53« ,3° of
tiU.885.77
00,393.26
Minerd's liniment for sale everytrtere
Dividend declared. .	•
»
$100 Reward, $100.
34,883,061 0*
,	. . 1.776,606.45
e . 1,000,000.00
. .	581,157.22
Total assets. Cash capital. Reserve fund
##########*
eeeeeeee
It U noted that more society
dings take (place tn London on the |^| K|IIM ku he#* able to cur* la all its
¦lace* aid tbal la Catarrh. Had # Catarrh l ere la the tali' peel tire ear* now known to the «éditai iratefalty. Catarrh helag a oe*v Wtatleaa: 4L ease. reqalret a eeasutotloaal treat ne*l. Hall's Catarrh Car# is tak. a Inter-¦ally, at Wag dlreetly upea the biood aed
•	I ESHEp.;FH.i£>f.
«*#** AntLa and a*4*bias aster* In opine Its work The preprleiers have ee much faith la Ate oaraMve pewer*. that they offer «.ae Hua-iVe.i Vollare fir aay case that It falls to cure,
Swd ^ "'«raassT * co.. ».*. &
mssm/A u. w.(
fSIIWKNT
JOHN L. BLAIKIH
VICE PRESIDENTS
HON. SIR WILLIAM R. MÊRÊDITH, K.0|
DIRECTORS
Saturday theu #n any other day U. the week.
zjSïâH ss^~=SS
so bad as ever. To increase my tor	^ tbi, Vice-President, referred to
tore I caught a cold which resulted	the exceptionally heavy lusse# by	JdtftS#1»#
leg. If I walked a short	the report just read did not present NOW HE 13 HORRY HE SPOKE
would be seised by sharp pains in t ie	^ f*vorable a showing, as far as the
hixt and in time I became a used up	balance between incoing and expend!-
=.* 2 rr-r. - iBîiSs “ -
the paicu I tried one medicine after	p%,t eight years of submitting to
another without avail. I also con- the shareholders, he felt that there suited doctors with no better result, was perhaps as much matter for conI ... Wi-* » .*.« -* 1	SKtf	TWO TRUES WIT, * BISTORT
doomed to suffer the rest of my	i f®	those	of	some	preceding	statements	Forty years ago the prince or
when one day a friend strongly	ad-»	^^h	have	shown	a	mlore	favorable	Wales planted an English oak and an
—d - » •?	SSS	?£'£	*—¦ •"* - «-"¦ -* —
Pills. I took his advice an P	volume of busline A transacted. While
« supply of the pills and began tag-	tb„re bld bw,n a satisfactory growth	Lng trees.	The	oak	is
ing them according to directions.	0f Income from fields in which the	diameter and	the	elm	is one of the
Before the third box was finished I company had for years past been car- , t and mQit beautiful specimens
noted a change* foi the	•	| ^ abj0 to 8ayf t*bat, from the a gen- 1° the park
continued the use of the pills ti c>a recently established beyond the had taken ten or twelve boxes when remits of this continent, vt>ry en-
«— "f	«.
To-day I am free from pa	I Tee tors ventured to make a year ago
that Iff# is worth living, even at t as to a probable Improvement in confine aid age of seventy. I can now Citions of marine business had, he was
*.....	s;- kSr'SL'thï;i,
l.«Ml T ". .«"8" *“* 1 ‘ gpp.ki.. p,....lly. bad .....Had1 thank God for my restoration both upon inland lake and ocean risks hM,th through the agency of Dr. there had been a fair margin of profit nr ill	Pink Pills and I trust upon the business written in that
Sri? i.... c isresavsi ± *w, iw»»t c,™ i»™, m.
fh , ..mat fail being a® beneficial to tbe f^t that at the cloue of a year
•ïæ::—ibBEHHE
disease cannot exist, The	• yeâra they were able to» present a bal-
Wllllamg' Pink PiU* o*re so many a^ sheet whleh showed a loss of less foims of disease U that they act dir- than one per cent, upon the premium
r ?r-=s SSS l
Other medicines act . only on	tor eat and rent
gjmptoma of the trouble, and that is flm report was, on motion, adopted, fh„ l0ieoû, the trouble always re- the following gentlemen ware ro-énrglM wh-tl ,ou cease these medicines, elected to serre as directors during rx WUIiams. pink PHI* make per- tbe ensuing year
B.neDt ceree In kidne/^trwbles.	TI^^Lon^, foCliJdds
rheumatism, eryelpelas,. a-i^mla tag K tL.d., H. M. Pellatt, R. Jeffrey, kindred diseases. ; Be:	he *ure reu. ^ Myers Aid E. W. Cox.
___ genuine which kear th' ml,	^ a meeting of the board held sub-
narne Dr. William#' Pink PM# for Pale flequeot.lg, the Horn Geo. A . Cox ~
around every re-elected President' and Mr. J. Jl
HON. a w ALLAN.
E. GURNEY, Eeq.
J. K. OSBORNE, Esq,
HON. SENATOR GOWAN, K.C., LL.D., C.M.G. L.W.SÜ.TH,	^
He—I am not worthy of you dear! âhe—Well, don’t you suppose I know
MANAGING DIRECTOR
WM. McOABE, LL.B., F.I.A., F.6.S.
MEDICAL DlRECTO#
A THORBURN, M.D., Edîa,
secretary
L GOLDMAN, A.LA
Only he can secure success who ie willing to face failure.
Minard’a Liiioent Cnrw Bawl niff.
WPC 1060
The Report containing the proceedings of the Annual Meeting, held floth last, showing marked proofs of the continued progress and solid position «Company, will be sent to policy-helders. Pamphlets explanatory of the attractive investment of plans of the Company, and a copy of the annual report, showing he urn [excelled financial position, will be furnished on application to the Head Office, or aof
W. Ihn. CouVLUUUt S AgfiMlilNh _ __________
January i of thi
on
CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
For *11 skin alimente.
A 0. lelwrt â Oo., Manohwter, England
CHENILLE CURTAINS

York. Both are strong and flourish-
two feet in
•OIGLAt BESS*
124 Adelaide 8u.
To a# we, One
roofing trÆ Æt Metallic SKYLIGHTS
Red#rGreen RLATK SLA KBOARDS (W«Eu*»if Fubli* end Will Aflheeli. Toreetol RmIii Fell, ftuk. Ce*l T*r. *U ROOriSO TI1.R (Sen New CHjr Beild-Ing*. T*re*6*. da»e ky oui irm) Metal ('eiliege. C r B#NEE#E Selémetee funiished for work ootnpvteor (or eklep^d t* »»r ysit ef tke coueirr fbooelgX B. BUTHIB A SBN I, AdelaMe A Vldmerlte., Toronta
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
EPPS'S

A*d *11 kinds of Mouse Hsuglsfi, *leo
DYED A CLEANED LIKE NEW.
'STB
LAGS CURTAINS
my
music:
IE S SONS
FREE
GRATEFUL OOMFORTINO,
• «reel lewsetlen ceryns**-4 in-yi*
rapid '»**•* for l*Lf T».a srw* u jur *r *> MASO or OKU 4 I,
Write to ue shout jrsur*
kEITiSM AH BEI BAN BYIIM BO., Bex IBB, Montreal

COCOA
%
A DANGEROUS DISEASE»
r
*e*tU Uer* bemenf end moduietlew làie •AFIU u*T* fD u.4 ,ec«i4eiv,«y by là, Sert* Amecicso
JUBILEE OF 1901. ftiSTSSJSSBf
tksl Is reeuUlts to sestet the lair j In respleg tks Ueeeflts ef tksJuhilse. Auheteatl»!, ceaplets aed preoilcsl II-luetrstsd Edition so Fkoto Paper lOe esc*. 97 80 per kuedred, poet paid. D. and J. Sadi.iir à Co., MoatresL
Mrs. St—How is your daughter fchii
III
ei d»Mi lA*drv-s*» eed Bà-ulhind. To luHoduie, ,m . t
#11* lulniMfu ,r^r*]»r, pft . Km wüi »• .eut mette
en»»-** •••Bint ntaee and «1 fc»r« lmtrMiB.nl,i gj«« i'*	"
TIHI of H»u |,»reen» wne
• i* lUm to ,* < r ns peu .«*
Mrs. B—The dec tor may# she is
convalescent.
Mrs. &—Deaf me 1 I hope it Isn’t
A
9»
lecuhsiors, Brooder*, Poultry Supplies in#
Dominion Lin* Steamshipi
¦¦ Mosirasl to-LiverpeoL Boston to Lifer pool Pertissd to Liverpool Vi* Qua,ne
to#*
AppU
Promise To Pay
It Will Pay You
____  „ -m rn-r P JT , .,,	l*reed 8*1 sen sad Tàird-Clae accoe*wdsu.,n Foi
",,, n ^	rate*«fvuMfi**d *11 p*rucu.*rs, apply to »uy
»f the Cempaey. or
PROSPECTS.
Her Patter—What are your prospect» I
Her Suitor—I've a rich uncle who ie ailing.
*
Da
m Commission Co. LI ml tod
A Debenture of The Canada Permanent and Western Canada Mortgage Cerperatlen is a promise
the stun named therein,which any sum not lean than Stoo, on the date specified, which may be ie ene or more years, as the Investor may prefer. The Coupons attached are promises te pay interest on the amount half yearly at four per OOnL per annum. The entire assets of the Company, amounting to $21,696.885 are security for fulfilment of the premises.
"°kW£X.'L
D. Terraoco A Oo
Moatreal *md Fe»tl*adL
Ï
OLL WRAPPING PAPER
to pay I
may be
R
agents ¦¦
OC COMWIff 10*.
PC* OVl* FIFTY VBA *5
PRINTED In one or many colors or STRIPED at low prices Samt plea furntahed on request. Special quotations for oar loads or large iota. Write for prices.
TORONTO WRAPPING
PAPER COMPANY
¦Pi
Te
Music
Teachers nun, 1 : Wanted """

after the proposal.
The Soitor-Refae© me, if you mast, Miss Marblohemrt. bat don’t-plea#» don't say you will b» a sister to me.
76 Adelaide-st. West
COCRICPCNBINOK INVITKC.
-WOUhfJ'HO It) l
> I I JOM S	<
MO.ADflaim vw^fipROinn
the
The VLjuU—You need have no fear

Y
Mr. Pinhead* Our family 1» very 61-

People o« the wrapper
ciaaivm
bo*







###PAGE###8###
T

y

ÎO jJays Only
i
McGuires
i
131J SPRING i.9oi!
Men’s......
Furnishings
CLOTHING.
$
• • •
The immense throngs of thrifty buyers that f crowd this Store daily attest the widespread interest that is centered therein.
There are Hundreds of I
Dollars' worth of Bargains left.
REMEMBER Only ten days and we will close our great Midwinter Sale of
i
G knti embn : Wo have about 1Î0 Suit sengths of Fancy English Worsteds that we procured at n bargain, "Uiey are the newest and most up-to-date goods on the market, usually selling at i?18. Our price for next two weeks—#15 cash
!

S
No. 1 trimmings, just the same as if you paid
full price, and we put the “ McGuire fit and finish ” ou them all.
White Shirts,
Colored Shirts,
Silk Front Shirts,
Negligee Shirts, &c, &c.
Splendid range of Neckwear,
Collars and Ties.
... Sweaters ...
Men’s and Boys’ in Fancy Strip
New Spring Hats
Latest Styles and Shades.
BOOTS & SHOES.
W|. STEWART

% CUIRE,
P. S—All Winter Goods at cost.
The TAILOR.
OPPOSITE Pi OTI.VO H< >VSK -
SHAWVILLE.
L
THE WAR. Farmers !
I
f
##e
urtH.NEK Mens b tua.	We can pay you highest market price (in cash)
l-radon. March s.-A.peciai from p«. for your wheat any time you fetch it along
, ! ’r-’a liteu ?o-dayeayeGen. Kitchener and 11T	_	^
|S: Buîrs.*Jss»Tf- fV0 70Br,«n*tln« •»« **»« y®» best
was aiaae, ai d «eu. Kitcbene iwns »cc jm- satisfaction m returns, and flour which will
*Kit- e.n?bIe y°u to carry off prizes in bread compe-os;ei,,r haB «'••ted Gen. Baha a seven tition at the countv fair everv time
> M 1	ar:ïîistice to enable him to confer ‘ mmm
We tea sell yon at lowest prices Plow, Grain,
: lSH«r&	“4 **•
« 7'VjJ c ude the terms of surrender. When the ;	7.'iv, surrender occurs the Sun adds, it will in
7.0f elude the surrender or en*ire suppression
of Gen. De Wet and will involve the ter* leave c.so roinaDL n of the war.
L ”.uh n, March >b —Lord Kitchener un* der date of Marh 7 WM I ¦
v

Pmtiac Pacific Jonction fia
u
Official Time Table :
es.
p.w
1.45 Leave
Aylmer t Bremen ridge t'Eardiev Parser's Crossing ?•Mohrs Quyon Wyman's iTauk Bristol McKe*'s
ft haw vi U Clark’s
CainpWll's Bay iTank t’Vinton (-oulonge "Mellon's Vi
•Flag Station. tTank
Arr v©
4 IK)
tU2
H. IK
fi/,8
6.26
6.M7
8.47
8.22
6.56
«•
6.58
7.04
âl
7.26
e
7.45
1.00
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO. j New Spring Clothing
8.01
8.12
6.30
«I
6.47
6.39
The nobbiest Goods
in Shawville.
1*65 Arrive
ever shown
VAS VA
N A f l AN SVOVTS
temporary or other occupation she m.iy b’ive up ali design* upon Manchuria.
1 'Flag Station,
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer	J
. fays :
A/te Boers failed in their determined attack on L chtenhvrg. <>jr Iorbcp, he- - 1 ' two •• nicer» previously menti cenbkal sumuNTENDENT eJ’ " ere fourteen men killed and
led. The Boer
An uiiigneu cable receirul at the mi-1	mtvation very gloomy.	I
| liüa de|ur:n.eiit lait Wedne«<lay, dated London March 10.-It i, not likelv
r Ffri-ÈÆ sir! ssr, ztz1 •
AbS;;tl
Bi B Htion is variously reported r.’ ;l,:r'.V s tiorse, both slightly Even tho Chinese $1 Jilin-tentiaries de-aa hie men are fccattezv l through the Or- îH'0Un(ied llu r^oraary ; Sergeant F. dare openly that intervention ly the ange colony. Our troops marching north ’ ixi-as. uangerous wound Kill Feby, •'-overs is nut desirable unices they are reuhed Petrusburg to-day.	since dead ; 8.', Sergeant Vine, formerly prepared to back up their protesta
Fret c’i rep-Tta further captures of a	i>raK0,)^ s.'vertly wounded , There are reports from the province of
, 000. : srgsssr-. :a,sSS3! ; £ Jp? ^ SKÆÛ ! SSSSS-LSSS. =%:
Th. æt a?-toss» s. isz «a* "(Sirs K52	- -* - -•
have boon pliced ho» do cn„bat since . ^ ?™TÏT vf MU ", » .wards, Gen. Chaffee refum to all
.........$tt&r»VHE vSdffiïU y-*.
(Lord hitcb«-.er state: that 1; • rifles, j Ufepatçh ç.re» cMuilitie» on the day pre Uese judge has c ,0 muds of ammunition, 18] horses .vluUe’ ^dicatirg that the Canadian# w*re can* art) tho 1540 trek oxen, 3,920 cattle, 13,Û80 I m cjn!lnu U8 hard fighting¦
| sheep, 100 wagons and carts anu large juantitiee of forage have been captured iritVu^ eatuaMtiee in Cape colony. He
further
Persons found a sma’l commando north PnCiriTATED by Ri><ia in Manchuria of Aberdeen and attacked them.	____
Krizinger’e commando yesterday enter- ! ,	.	, c â
ed Pearaton, but Gorrince from the west I London, Marca 8.—A grave crien has T .	... , .	,
?r.te5sU3k,s?wiU
To-day , additions makes Gen.' Fren-h's	a!a,t,lt than t!,e trouble which ori erap,hlD« Mlrc!l 4- «7» :
ssssrsz ruse ;sr:	ss&r&s x Azts	-f-
ammunition 204.070, horses 4 071 trek	ne8oî,atlon8 are going on between theUni-	ready assembled at San Fu.	Too foreign
oxen 5,520, cattle 28,220 sheen 178 "so	ted ®?alea and Great Britain with a view	“V”,8l^8?,8Ve demanded the	death of	12
wagons and carts 1 4M.	1	to thwarting what both governments	™gh officia.s and tho punishment of	00
appear t -	! a determined attempt prwuMisl m& trir.a.
London, Mar. 10—Advices fr >m two 0,1 the Pirt °* Russia t) plant herself great South African financial houses con- Perma;10.nt,y 111 one of the richest tracts of
tirm the press intelligence that Lord ! ,, ^*iie8e emP;re* The conference	----
Kitchener and General Butha	have been	,	J v>eiInesday between United States	the armies of king epwakd and kino
. mm» ti	,11Jw?,,i1? ",“trl7111 J° V •• I,n negotiations for six days.	Peace nr at	u	,	.ar Choate a,,d L,’rd Laniduwne.	nbxelek working as allies.
»«« a long step fcow.rds the end of the ^ hmgn .ecretary, had nothing to do	---
! mu un.	Pullman	ParlorCir attached.	war, » looked for next week.	The war	w ll	. ^"caraguau canal affairs. To	London, March 7.—Two British officers
t>8';CC v.M.	>• nrtays	ci«iy—Stops at lute: nc.Hatr	ofiice last tight declined to	contribute	*rom * British official : “The Nic-	Major A. 11. Tracy aud Cap vn It P
Ar,iVee Montreal li.oo a.m. Pullman	| at, y thing tu these great expectations,	ara6uan controversy is a miner matter	Cobbold, atari tomorrow fur Adis Abêba	, r-i
which include, according to tome, the	5îTï| r.^’1 l:le, l,reM,lt situation,	aapital of Abyssinia, where tiny will uct	M
making of a formal submission by B>tha	T ‘lV, r ,h0ale M was to receive frtm	is adviaera to the Abyssinian e mimaudur-	Wl
5l:1;nn“u c" °n Monday, when hie foreewill arurender	al,e an lulPorlalnt mus^ge in-chtef IUs Makonnen, n. his approach- !«
Kr^Jhtidd Si ,u Vronch.	I « ‘V ^“«!a,ld WM- not yati’ti|-d with It ,, ing exP-,d:,i.„, against the Mad Mullah, ' B8
St. Lawrenvo Hiver, m.	Among the versions as to what ia going	8 ‘V? ?.vc“ir^Uon regarding t:ie Manchuria	who has he. n causing a distutbanco in	HI
l'n.vthï lZ7sLa-	on> there is one, with acme officials ooun	T lIehLvefed to S,f Charles Stewart Scott,	Northern Somaliland.	™
tenance, that the government is offering ,T 1 , TAm a88ador at St. Petersburg by | King Menelik will placa twenty thou Botha more liberal terms than the par- 0^» Lansdowt, and asking the United sand men in tho hold, and tho British hi nivntary declarations have given any ^G»s it hey were prepared to take joint I will co-operate with his majesty# army idva nf. The only thing limiting these	Î,C!I<1V of ^c.h a dt)CI8:ve nature that	by simultaneously d-spatchtng n force of
cheerful speculatiotie is the fact that Do	lxJ38la woul j have no alternative but to	troops from Berber», the ecapirt of Km
larey, Dj \\‘et and Stejn, regardless of ,ecede Irvm her position.	Africa, on a bay of the fiu.fof
N' what happens on Gun hill, will continue Almost simultaneously, tho Associated Kii g Menelik a oonsen* to the p.*es to wage guerilla warfare.	R^ss understands, the United States the British officers with his
P. W. RESSEMAN,
C
twenty 1 ^ilie,:
E. HODCINS & SON.
!w
was killed
Y
OmffUGÂÏIElfiiï
? et s
:
Fall and winter Tims Tafcla
Tailing effect Nov. 2<î,


mg a t
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa no. 2 Train Arrive O
W p. m J" a m
i
1
iwa
1
he dcca-
Nos. 1 and2 dally except Sun lav
1
notorn us J 1 whom a Chit The Amer
«
Spring 1901.
For tickets and further Informa to Lemral Chambers. Ottawa.
x r
P.v
W
H
I*. \V. Hi>4F,Xf \N
dem:;f .1
ve
< :i y ' »n gn< rs lyj
carried out no tx cations in I\kin
1
I
Lc ok at the sunny side of life, friend,
and the time you waste grumbling,’
put in attending to the wants of your
household. You will wonder how
much more can be bought at the end
of the year, when purchasing from reliable
More Executions
GRAVE CRISIS
a
POWEF
ask fop. hhad
CIALS AND PUNISHMENT OF NINETY TR yVINCI AL MANDA PIN *.
OPFI
j
mim
i
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
!
a
source.................
# jjg g Ù,	|
WE SELL EVERYTHING IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, CLOTHING BOOTS & SHOES, HARDWARE,
CROCKERY, &c., &c.,
At Paralyzing Low Prices for Gash.
!
On and after Jau. 1st
tr
1
Trflin«leave Ottawa Ceutial Depot
a e.10 A, M. - Local—Stops at all intrrrued t! ai». Arrives Montreal 9.&U&. m.
Bian. h, Hawkesbury U.'ineh, Valley Held, connects n\ Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west.
'
f
To Aid Abyssinia
tc sta-Ro kland
«9,CO A.M , Limited makiug close Express for
S
bed
C
ARMSTRONG BROS., LADYSMITH.
* 0 l>-	Limited—Stops Alexandria and
June. only.
Arrive» Montreal ti 40 p.ra.
’onnerts with tr as* of Montreal.
M
(
Highest Prices for Produce
a)
I
A l


in N. w \ ing Car. (J
«6.*5 P. ’
II

a
New 1
t I
Ar
I
t

Immense Possibilities.
AlVWMlAiVW
GOODS V/ELL BOUGHT, f
ARE HALF SOLD
A idea
nil.1C r M. Î

> th < k urns
\
AY DS8CKIIIED
* UNDEVELOPED RICHES.
M
s
tu. Has i
nee
i

$
5 ,.	¦ i army i„
various hui. I forded noreas signalizing the restoration
steps. The in Abyssinii f British prestige, an long
apparently overshadowed by Frünoo Kussisn autivtiet. There haa been
in London, at
VS b
12.15 i\ N
Fit m Montreal ami points t 9..'-U a.m. Has Pullman
,,,	,	. lt .	government instructed the
Bloemfontein March 10. — Cen. De Wet bassadors to take similar IS reported to be tfioving northward stead- answer of Secretary Hay i • ly ar the rate of 25 miles a day, with not yet been received
of crossing the railway to the east- though the fact that almost
To boy well, watch iV hf-ttpricte end in foima'.ion in the special TRADE PRESS

I
La r
r9.U5 1’. M Lovai From Montreal, and inter
Cornwall Has Pu’!
he Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant the Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
ill
a great ( eal of in tercet uuniftietuii recently in t],0 vast territory «outli if Muiieun’» Hay. Some idea of the extent of this public domait can be
esloKSMALLFOS BEPIL0P8D I» T0KOST0iî?„fBernmîl fim‘he '*" ,1,1,1 1 hcr'' are
—» -  ;=» . *',r sujïhüsi
Toronto, M.tohlT-On S„, d„ th. ! C“'"‘ "	"" ^
•mnv. mtDi	2« Coneord ...no,, th, ooïîmUUra' I.d‘rom t£ ÏÏi'iSi^ïiii"
OTT.WA IÎOKBT OFFIOES	......J XS?JS ffi O.S3 ^	£
^srssstts .tF^	cœ r«r & m/*...............
- a'-'—
iiate Mint we*. I
, Kingston, Toronto, man Parlor Car, Leaving
a mi j Montreal at
H view ward.
After Sixteen Days
concurrent
m .	fnstruc ns were issued f iWi ngtou
tie should row be west of Kroonstadt. is taken here to be a sufficient guarantee Several small commandoes are in posses- that Russia s action in Manchuria will sion of t m south-eastern portion of thu not bo tolerated in the United States.
wZBasT' «SWpfffJï iSEAS?*® Æ-“î^1
816 v. M. I or Arnpm.r, Itrnfr'w. Kg.nvillr, Pen,-	.°n®nl,e* °f. 0r?*1 B.rl,lln '? South
l»r.*k. , Ifirry'# ft.», Whitney. Canoe Like, Parry ! "'rica have now frank y thrown in their Sk^un 1 and .otermodia* point».	| lot with the British.
4.40 P. M. For xrnprtor, Renfrew, Eganvillr.Pem broke, M; at --ika and intermedia* utatiuna.
1
» 6.35 P. M. Li
4.10 p.m. Ha» I
Montreal leaving a
%... , - ¦ Samples /rce
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
man Parlor Car
Middle and Western Divisions.
50 YEARS* EXPERIENCE
i
ATENTS

Trains or* vt a* Ottawa Centra: Depot
11 • 1
rhle. Ran’ -aw
Trade Marks
^flHRv Dehors rrTm^ Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sendli'g a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention le probably patentable. Communie» lions strictly confidential. IlaiHihoolroo I'sfwn, •ent free. Oldeet agency fori^-unn* paient*.
Patente taken tEr-uith Mann A do. receive rptcial notice, without chanre, In the
Scientific American
5.551*. y
CCilPdl DtiP'ii. i'0?SKil tiOBSli Block
I
ro»d, to
J
Fuiopeand all • .n * uf -hr world by mJI ' », j i Csrutiaa wteamshlp tior», tin., i .<>k •* Ül1 1
nn dally except Mu., day ’oJ>. r. Daily.
A handsomely Illustrated weakly. largest dr.
eolation of any scientific Journal. Terms. M # year ; four months, #L Sold by all newsdealer*.
:! ..ftKraSsJfrt
A
I
<
V
*l#u h -
rtRis u -
o T n
% ru*.»
»

7

*






_
_

