###PAGE###1###
1
l/
SII AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
Vol, XV No. 44.
P. Q., THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898
I
_ SUBSCRIPTION One Dollar a Vear in advance*
“ THE EQUITY "
T. M. PARIS,
Are y nu u tmg Dvwd'e Flour i
Uroceri.is—îhe largest stock and lowest I lots 7 and 8, north wide of main street be juices. J ry us.	J. 11, Shaw. | and is hereby passed and established as a
public road ; that the rural inspector get notice to open it up from Main street to the corner of Robert McDowell’s farm, and that also all parties interested get due notice thereof, and that notice be given •/as. L. Shaw and Robert McDowell that
Ib issued from the office of Publication,
Shaw ville every Thursday.
Subscription, Jl.oopor Annum.
.....BOURBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
a»™™..»,
jeT* Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Will attend all the Courts of the District, es- Bargains in all lines will be given, inserted free ; but obituary lines, or "poetry" penally when required will be charged at the rate or g cents per line money toaccom pany the manuscript In every case
Fast colored prints of neat pattern at the Pontiac Woollen Mills.
Pork Hams wanted in exchange for a
»vs and Analyses made of all kinds of I first-class Japan Tea at J. (i. McGviKES. Minerals and Metals. Prices on appli- |
Our hats are sellers—never had better. When you get quality and style combined with low prices they go
Practical Assayer and Analyst.
Laboratory, 162 Sparks St. Ottawa.
Great advantages given to cash buy-at the sale of general merchandise « going on at P. McNally’s, Campbell’s
ers
A N sa Ores, i cation
Bay
Complote Medicine Cheat,
r«ken Internally or applied externally I the whole of the laid lino will be opened
' map'!'qSVnv,eaS"VbfeelcSu. 'llurr.V UP a8 1 PuMic r-ad on or before the 15th
Bruises, .sprain. Caked Breasts and dozens’ of October, 1808, and that the council ex-
S3H33S5jgpaa« sysaaj
EEilEHiSfl I
lülëgê
tructive fire on Saturday afternoon-the er one or two or throe or four or five *"1 u the mayor enter into contract worst that has occurred in the town for I . .	with him provided he is willing to spend
J. O Brien, a young man of Allumette ten hours on police duties on Sundays.—
.	_ ,	Island, and engaged on the Soulanges Carried.
John Matukr, Ehq.. I A very good play, ‘The Deacon • Trib-1 Canal, recently met with an accident Moved by coun. Donaldson and sccond-Davih MacLarkn, Bsq., | ulatloDS, ' in five acts, will bo pre- which necessitated the amputation of one 0d by coun. Lang that Robert Hobbs be
•ented at Calumet Island on the leg above the knee. He was engaged | paid his bill of £20 for acting as special
putting a track under a new derrick, and I policeman for this village.—Carried.
The jovial and abbreviated furniture h,ad tho latter e,cvated on j«ck «crews for I Moved by coun. Hobbs and seconded I doctor, who has been plying his profes- that PurPoee» when eomehow one of the by coun. Lang that this council do now
Jh&isi.-s®iBS£ - ——	""	X. £'«BE ‘	„ t
Note, and Bills collected.	n	...	...	_	. pâli.	ThOW	Ridges ^OtW.
JST -'•"1 "" Dw‘ IwwAK. Itrrfr°l f —|j Ai«h.,u*b.. a.
Office Honrs—io a. m. to.Sp. m. Saturday 10a.m. Hobbs’ house, Main street.	L	th A, \ , .a 1,ar. 168	of the items sent in, we regret very much
1	1 Ufa sr & I iirsixssz æ
hood.
J.U. Shaw.
a
over» themselves accor
1
Mias Kate McNeil left hero on Tuesday to join her brothers who are located Dauphin, Manitoba.
near
BANK OF OTTAWA
J. A. COWANt Publisher
Wanted at once—a good, smart boy to learn the barbering trade. Apply to John Smith, Shawville,
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Court Shawville, £apital (ful|y p»'d up). 11,500,000.00
No. 816. I Re,t..........................61.125,000.00
Board of Director» :
Charles Maueb, Esq., President.
G bo roe Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
Bon. Oeo. Bryson, Jr.
Alex. Fraser, Esq ,

m
Meets the 4th Wednen-lay of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
II. 8. Barnett, F 8 | GEORGE BURN,
D. M. FINN1E,
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
years
v
L.B.C
Dennib Murphy, Esq.
General Manager. |2()th April. (Local) Manager
J, A. Cowan, H.8.
WVJ. Eades, C R.
HISS ELIZ BETH R. ADE,
TRAINED NURSE
BRISTOL MINES - - QUE.
C. C. STEWART,
Tierney Bros, whose advertisements T
^	I appeared in this paper, in connection with , ena tu'•ray. The groom was supported
ioal ami (general.|f 4	t.%:I4L1",:
have taken what remained of the goods débridai party were^driven by^Mr^J»* *ti<>n iniuring the	of anyone,
Mise O’Hara left for home last week. |ovep *° Am prior.	I uph A mm. and returned home soon af
«s* « er - ïEHBHS
Paint Î paint I! paint II! We can paint H you need a spring outfit don’t make the anything I	J.H, Shaw. | mistake of purchasing before inspecting
these goods
PHYSICIAN and SURGEON
(L R.C.P. AND 8., ELHN.)
OFFICE,
ELMSIDE, QUE
and we certainly feel annoyed when this request is disregarded. It would be much more satisfactory to publisher and readers alike if all insinuations which only the writer and the party against whom they are directed can understand were kept out The funeral of the late William Cald of newspaper correspondence. The die-well, whose demise was briefly noted in semination of slanaer and gossip is not Mr. A. Macdonald, of this village, who I these columns last week, took place at l^e kind of business we care to engage in. Have you tried Dowd's “Hitth Loaf” I ^AS an interest, with two others in the two o’clock on Thursday afternoon, and *n the hurry of getting out a newspaper * I Flour ?	development of the mineral deposits on was very largely attended. Service was the editor cannot always find tune to con
I the Leathern property, Bristol, brought held in the Methodist church, on arrival ovcr &nd weigh the efleet of every line 72 MAIN ST. • HULL QUE.I Douglas village is about to be connect- some samples homo on Saturday, which of the remains here, at which Rev. Mr. that comes in for publication, and thus it
ed with the outside world by telephone, closely resemble the ore on Calumet Is- Knox and Mr. Cleland officiated. Tho ie impossible sometimes to prevent the /-i	. .	,	I land.	pall was borne by the four sons of the de appearance of objectionable items.
JIS. HOPE & Co.	I Farming operation, arc pretty gener- %.^/fn%f Slottcoun .tZT the pi.meer, of this Zt™ Z°, as"’the ZKotZrZi^TgtmJ
”1. L..., T	Sa	k§?|S~:s
«ser- 1=#h;=be gmmm
fleadthe advert!,men ton eighth page “cb'ami puTe Tbe^lvo^UoubleTi^'con* ’?emcd *? bnH)° medical .kill, and al of this issue, announcing cheap cash sale stlpatlon disappear ; they are hearty n nd though his end was regarded among the at P. McNally’s, Campbell’s Bav.	healthy again, ti. B. B. Is to them a greater certainties of the not very distant future,
pr zc an go d'	yet it came with a suddenness after all
Grand display of 200 pieces of fireworks I Miss Smith, teacher of the Sr. Elemen that was unexpected. His last illness— after the concert on the 26th inst., near tary dept, became suddenly ill on Wed- enduring for a few days only —was most the town hall on Calumet Island.	nesday last while engaged at her duties, distressing and severe ; so much so that
Mr. Jame, Hodgin, who ha, lately be- ?nd h-d to be rerw,ved j? ber boarding hi, release from the fetters of this life gotten an interest in minerals spent some ,	! “ f ^^nce. She has been or- came to h.m as a welcome and merciful
“J c"mdL' -1 F?* si*det;rr „„in< „
• J Wilson will have charge of her school | a widow, four sons and two daughters.
Two sons—John and George—reside in Ottawa ; the eldest daughter, Mrs. Thomas Anderson, lives in Montreal ; Mar tha, Wm. and Sam reside at home, were present when Mr. Caldwell breathed his last.
Arthur McConnell.
A TTOKNEY AT LAW, Main 8t. Hull, e, will, atrequest,attend allcourts In thedlstrlct. All correspondence-prompt* ly answered.
Will be at Shawvlllefl ret Thursday of each
month.
At Rest.
A. Ho DO INS.
Concert at Calumet Island, on Tuesday April 26th.	J
CEO. C. WRIGHT
Will attend Superior and Circuit Court at Bryson, also other Courts lu Pontiac District when required.
8. A. JIckAY, B « L.
OTAR Y PUBLIC. Clerk ol the Magistrates Courtat Shawville . Agent for the Credit Fouler Franco Canadian. Money tolend onoasyterms.
N
WILLIAM l.LL101T*Pip ¦PPHSSBH
T> AI LI FF OF the su PERIOD COURT The Pembroke Southern Railway now ro ide iud prompt refuriiK Assured
river
BAILIFF OF SITE HI Oli COURT, OFFICE :—COURT ST., SHAWVILLE.
&
DR.

fÜ
Account» collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
WOODS
NORWAY PINE

St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
SYRUP
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar &! ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
Every Time.
as Bronchitis” Norway**Pine^ Syrup8cure# I Arn°ld Dale, son of Mr. Edward Dale, Out every tlme* Llzz,° Hardy, Mayfield, of Clarendon, died at the residence of his
GRAND CFNTRAI ffnnSF I ^ ^ will g,t you one dozen beat cabi- morning, from a complication of heart
UilDllD Ullll 1 llilU HUUUlj, I net photos at Green’s, studio, Shawville, and lu.ng dlsease, after a comparatively
which he visits on the first Friday of each 8hort >*lneS8» which he took on returning month. Don’t forget date.	[from the woods some weeks ago. On
U	-	, c , , .	...	I Monday the remains were brought from
mmShotelhas been recently opened for , ^veral of the ag. society directors were Litchfield to the home of the deceased
b ses t'triüt =,	lh-
Bar furnished wlthcholcellquors and cig- lt shall stand on the south east corner of are, Flrstclass table,good yard and stable- the grounds.
Jug, and large^ommodlouF Sample Rooms.
room.
Heals and Soothes
the delicate tissues of the
Throat and Lungs.
All
0. Turr&ln - - prop.
Shawville Council.
—	... CURING
Minutes of an adjourned session of the COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS.
Municipal Council of tho municipality of .	. ___________________
the village of Shawville, held on Tuesday ASTHMA, HOARSENESS, SORB
the 12th of April, 1898.	THROAT, INFLUENZA, and
„„	.	,	, JrlmZ Si 0.	P-UN m the chest.
u< \ u kj, Alex. McDonald, proprietor, Pembroke Obeerver The death of aldson, George Hynes, and H. Hobbs.
turns <»ut a superior class of work in Mon- Mias Hannah Smith, which occurred on Moved by coun. Donaldson and second• umenta, Headstones, etc. Prices reason-	Tuesday, April 5th, at the home of her	ed by coun. Hynes that the certificate	of
able	parents, Mr. and Mrs. Peter Smith, Chi-	J. A. McGuire be	confirmed, and that the
Notice.—Mrs.'S. Howes has opened	c*?eBter» caused deep sorrow amongst a	usual fee of #25	be charged therefor
dress making in her residence on Pick J !*ide c*rcle of fiends. Miss Smith was	Carried.
anock St, and has engaged a staff of com. freight years employed in the Copeland Moved by coun. Hynes seconded by pet en t assistants. Orders respectfully “ouso here, and was greatly esteemed by coun. Hobbs and resolved that the coun solicited.	J -he manager and our townspeople. Last oil accept a strip of ground which the citi
M „	fall she was compelled by failing health to sens of Shawville have purchased from
Mo. Alf. Mclvae, of this town, left for retire to her home in Chichester, and for Mr. Jas. L. Shaw, provided said ground lanit'iba on 1 huraday afternoon,.accom over a month she has been confined to j be deeded to the Agricultural Society No. -, ,n	,
pained by t he beat wishes of his many her bed by her malady—consumption. I of the Co. Pontiac, for which the society oilEWVllIO rFOullCO QUOtâtlOIlS young friends. Alf expects to engage in She was of a very patient and lovable have agreed by resolution, dated April fi UHv painting out west.	I disposition. Her death was a triumph of 2nd, to give permanent use of agricultural Date.
the Christian—full of hope of a glorious grounds to the citizens as a public park
The funeral to the R. C. I Moved by coun. Hobbs seconded by Buckwheat...
coun McRae and resolved that a citizens’ Rye.....
committee, consisting of the following Eggs, (fresh,).
gentlemen—John H. Shaw, George Don Wool..........
aldson, Wm. A. Hudgins, Jos. A. Smith Butter.......
and Arthur Smiley, be appointed to look Pork per 100. after the managing of the citizens' paik, Hay per ton.
and to arrange the details in connection Calfskins.
Hides........
+ # #
Death of an Estimable Young Lady.
I- ÏT The Shawville Marble and Gran
PONTIAC HOUsf
ill
EASY TO TAKE.
SURE TO CUBE.


mr
w
r
Bristol Tannery Side Market

Hides, rough, per pound 5 to 6 cents. Calfskins, 25 to 40 cents.
Pelts, fresh, 70 to 90 cents.
Pelts, short wooled, 40 to GO cents.

o
l
. 27 to 28 . 52 to 54
Peas...
At the Presbyterian service here Sunday, at which Revs. Messrs. Nelson I %*urrection
—: Back were present, Messrs. Donald. ™urch and cemetery at Sheenboro on
McRae and Robt MoCredie were ordain- ^ huraday morning was one of the largest
^NAWVII I F PÛ	| ed elders of Shawville congregation. ever seen in that section. The floral
oriA w viLLC., r.w-	I offerings were magnificent. The pall
C. CALDWELL,...... proprietor	The Ottawa Journal says work on the bearers weie Tim McGuire, Patrick
2ïs.;aLi8.'5tt;¥iu:ïsK «-™bït jï"'“5°
”¦»	s:	5 «.T:. fJLJSrsjsfz&ir .ftr
Ladles' and gents bicycles kepi for hire ¦ shortly at work.	I brokeites attended the funeral.
on
#•••••• • • • • •
• •
30
• #
# *
and
40
e # # * #
...... 8 to 8*
..... 20 to 25
...... 00 to 15
.. 5.60 to 5.75 . 9.00 to 10 00 ... 30 to 3',
5.00	to 6.60 60 to 1.00
4.00	to 4.25
• see
therewith
Moved by coun. Hynes and seconded | Pelts, by coun. McRae that the sideline between
Beef, per 100 pounds,.
see#
###PAGE###2###

termlttent or malarial Inilepoeltlon, William 11 Seward, without reward.	( h means when 1» L ,,
hut I call it martyrdom of the dome» standing between the furious l“l,n e . e lf ..on%1 \n red apparel coming tic circle. Life for life I Blood for and the loathsome linbculo. Subatitu *1*, \ piJ garment» from Boirah." and
blood l Substitution !	Lion I	' i, mi 1 he Ai*>calyiwe means when it
Or ix'rhups a mother lingers long |n tJhe realm of tlbc fine a>rta there 8,.ri,.iea a heavenly chieftain whose nough to see a sou get on the wrong >vas ^ remarkable un instaura. Abril- .. i( .ure W8S ,j|p; ed in blood/ and rewd, and liLs former kindness becomes |junt l>uA Ihyperorltloised painter, Joe- . . j(lhn thl, ft,*o»tle means when he rough reply when she expresses anx- William Turu-ar, was met by a voL	Df (jie " precious blood that
U>ty about him. Hut she goes right jey	from the art galleries of ‘	^ fr()m all sin." an I what the
on. looking carefully after his nppar Europe. llis paintings whioh Ivave worn out. devit'pii missionary Paul ol. rememliering his every birthday sjn..y Wou tii-d applause of all civilised i * w^vn m my text, he cries, with somo memento, and when _ he is nations, ' i im l* nth I' lkgueot Lgyt b. I .. without shedding of blood is no re brought homo worn out with dissipa- "Pbdiermen on a Leo H taire in Squ-illy ;	.	..	blood you and I will
tlon uumes him till ho gets well and Weather/’ "Valais Pier,” “The Sun	; nvvvr saved at all. In all
starts him again and htqwa and expects	jib rough Mist" amt "Dicta Build-	,f m,,. world Hod has not once
isrE-rjrï; assse
(ul st'rmcvn from the text Hebrews lx.	She is gviug. an.l attend mit a. (luj mgeotisiy abuaed mnu a young	“llorv lw to Uo.l that the hill back
22. "Without shedding of blood is no j bending own her pillow, ask her it *ubl*»r vd 24 y ear a. just vue year out |l,rusalvm warn the battlefield on
h us	to '* nut stt»‘ of college came forth	his 1|1‘	,	, .-i achieved out liberty l
— kes great elforts to say something, wrtvje ^v. ablest and most famous cs-	moSf exciting day 1 s|>ent
but out of throe or four minutes of in- I My tm ,irl that the world over saw or	battlefield of Waterloo Start-
groot bohoot of American lands that distinct utterance they can catch but BVpr win	Huskin’* ‘Modern	xvjlh ,he morning train from
made the Inst quarter of this century throe words, 'My poor boy 1 ic jointers." For 17 yea is this author •	. Belgium, we arrived in about
- - ;mEHirlSE ZœïHHsîS
which I bad given out Covvpers fam- from our northern ami southern homes idlk> ,ml)jj0 ^ried to undo their cruelties	jh whn|p ^cene recited, accom-
ous hvmn alx>ut "the fountain filled hundreds of thousands of men to do j0^aT(j ^ by giving Jiiui a big funer-	, vpr the field. There stood
hl«Kxl of Christ lo tltA soulf My mud. They sept ui snow lanks. I hey <lrewiBga |,y the old painter and i1",. There la the well in which 301)
"""	'• - —- -	;5"5*'«; SHr.t3ir«“
wit,, ai. ...........JSK~si	ai$	r zrar sxr£
gists an.l scientists in saying that the	eyes extinguished and limbs shot away. | misanthropic and morbid. Whatever	» "	• ' wrestled	Yonder were
~ ™ ~ ™ SE§Sp ISSSHIêEhEIBE
all this talk of men who say the Ihlde loved ones. 1 hey died in barns in eoiveÿt ;Ui fax liS l{ has any capacity \"n ' Pprf»nrh cavalry, not knows	^	œr^tzst srJSTt
r i	SÇfr-s	Srsœi
... -—- —-	" ri» is.r^Vi»iisrJse & ss‘Z«rss |
\ ram Bdore lie gets to the infected armor like an explosion at Ifell Late. ! ,h(l iia(tl<.field/ From yonder direc-regiona he j asses crowded	rail trains,	All good men have for centuries been	\ i„n (iron, by was expected for	the
reguar and extra, taking	the flying	trying to tell wfhfom this sui st it utv was	j'ren h re enforcement, hut he mine
the	ami affrighted populations. He arrives like and ov e r y cx m pa r i <m ins$irednnd	not. Around those woods	Blue her was
in a city over which a great' horror is uninspired, evangelistic, prophetic, apo- I	looked	for to re enforce	the English
.	. brooding. He goes from couch to wtolie and human falls abort, for Christ »nd just in time he cam eup. A on 1er is
though	1	hear	men	talk its	though me	fOUcll	fPe!mg	the	pulse	and	studying \vbs the Great In like. Adam » type of	the field where Napoleon stood, his
idea of	Vluist’s	suffering	substituted	*y m; do ms	and prescribing	day	after | Christ, l»ecauae l*e came directly from	arms through the reins of his horses
for our suffering were something ah- day, night after night, until a fellow God; Noah a type of Christ, liecauee he bridle, dazed and insane, trying to go .	wiiiUv eccentric a physician says: 4 Doctor, you had bet- delivered his own family from deluge; j back." Scene of a battle that went on
normal, som b	}	fZ0 borne and rest. You look miser- Nfelnhiscdec a type of Christ I because lie from 2f» minutes to 12 o'clock on the
solitary	episode	iu	the worlds	history,	ai||p •• |$ut cannot rest	while so	hud no predecessor or successor; Joseph	iRth of June until 4 o'clock, when	the
when L	could	take	you	out	into	this	many aro suffering. On and on, un-	a type of Christ, because lie was cast	English seemed defeated and their
m#ÈÈÊm*ÊÈg- •	'¦-•	•	-	Boys.
as far as that of any Christ lam
preferring law to Gospel, asks "Flow far may I go without ( iansgrearning But we are no longer under the bud Ullder grace. Until seventy limes seven That is. probably!, four hundred mid ninety, though it may be interpreted seventy seven. In either case it means iuii indefinite number of times; just as frequently as the offending broilier ^ske to be forgiven.
23. Therefore. With reference to this
duty of unlimited forgiveness. The kingdom of heaven. To Peter’s simple mind this would mean our Lord's government. for lie still expected to see hla lie loved Master enthroned, crowned, mid mreptered. He had not yet learned that strange lesson, "My kingdom is not of this world ” al#-» "the kingdom of heaven' tho Lord s government, only that have I wider opportunities than had LVter to understand how this government would lx* exercised. A certain king which would take account of his ants. Round about Judea in first half of the. first, century kings
n hui ¦	¦	l^H
vanta'* were his officers of stale, especially those engaged in collecting his revenue, nnd his taking account of them means his making reckoning with Governors of petty provinces appointed quite as much to draw taxes from the people as to administer justloe, and often they farmed nub (I, lr pro'- inces to lower officials. The time has come, perhaps at the end of
the. civic year, when this king calls for regular rej>orts. God is our King. By crisis In our lives hr would take
BLOOD OF THE LAIE
aw
THERE CAN BE NO REMISSION OF
SINS WITHOUT IT.
t
4 Powerfnl Sermon Whirl» Iterate* »••»! Reiterate* the Central Woelrtiie of the Unbuilt utlounry tarrllc* for »ln au<l Ineldenlally Maerllre — Ur.
Word*.
Self tilaqueal
i:\blblu Soûle I'aluiaxe’*
Washington. April 10—Rev. Dr. Tftl
To UH means
He siiil
remission."
John G. AY hit tier, the last of the
we
ma
t he
SI'i
This king"
me r-
Uv«m
we i xi
ply now. The Hihle statement agrees
every
account of ua and our returns cannot lx> mule In coin, hut by words and deeds.
24. One was brought unto him phraseology indicates that this man was a notoiious wrongdoer	Her haps
lie had plundered the revenues. The
of otlier districts had *|>-
t he
governors liesTed promptly, hut ihedidnut appear with them, and had to lie brought by force. Owed him ten thousand talents. An enormous suin.lBrdty short of ten millions of dollars ; perhnpe far beyond it. It expresses an unlimited amount, and represents the debt of sin for which it is impossible any man should make satisfaction.
25 He had nut to |wiy ed the revenues of his province. IIis ill gotten gains were gone
| to l»e sold, an t Ilia wife, and children, and all that he had. Sold as slaves. This barbarous custom was almost universal in ancient times. i ho Jewish law moderated it, Lev. 25. 39, but, as the law was practiced, slavery ns n result of debts, does not seem to have been infrequent. Besides, many of the Jews close to 1‘alestine. as well as those in further countries, were governed by Gentile despots, and the action of this king would be familiar to them. The horrors of slavery have only lately been gradually abolished by the influence of Christianity.
26. Worshiped him. Did him abject
There is no only fear of UP Have patience with and 1 willjpay thee all. A wild promise. He undertakes to do what he could not do. or at least roubl do only by et ill greater extortion from the
the brow, the side, and
He had xvast-
Commund-
l
ed
un
soul saved for the last 18 centuries.
In order to understand ihis red word
of mv text we only have lu exercise as
va use
Pong for pang
do in everything else hunger for hunger, fatigue for fatigue.
for tear, blood for blood, life for life, we see every day illustrated
of substitution is no novelty, al
Uni r
act
penitence
pun-
reverence, shown here ishment
me.
coin-
city and before sundown point you to til some morning finds him in a de- cnit by ttus bret/hren. Moses a. type of mander cried out: "Hoys, you cant 500 eu«-sod substitution and voluntary lirium, in which ho talks of home and Christ., l ecauei he was a deliverer from think of giving way ' Remember old suffering of one in behalf of another. then rises and says he must go and bondage; Jos/liw a type of Christ., be- England!" And the titles turned and U 2 tVclock to-morrow afternoon go look alter those j&tients. He is told cause he whs a conqueror; Samson a ,ti 8 o'clock in the evening the man of » mi the (daces of business or toil. It to lie down, but he fights his attend- type of Christ,, benwisa of his strength destiny, who was called by his troops
among the places of business or toil. It to lie down, but he rights ms aitenn- type ol Llurist,. neettusa m ms svrengm destiny, who was ranen i»y ms vim,,» ,H>or. ¦	"
will	it	no	difficult	thing	for	you	to	ants until	lie falls	back	and Is weaker	to slay t.he lb ms an 1 carry off	the	inn	Old Two Hundred Thousand, turned	27 Moved with compassion. I he king
fin l	men	who	by	their	looks	show	you	and	weaker and	dies for people with	gates of impossibility; Solomon a	type	away, with broken heart, and the fate	did not expect his frightened servant
thii they are overworked. They are	whom he	had no kinship and far away	of Christ in the affluence of his dam-	of centuries was decided.	to keep	this promise; ho	pitted him.
ore maturely old. They are hastening	from his	own family and is hastily put	union; Jonah a tyi>e of Christ, livreuse No wonder a great mound has t>ecn	Loosed him. Ordered the	chains to be
rani.llv toward their decease. They	away in	a stranger's tomb, and only	q& the stormy sea in which he (brew	reared there, hundreds of feet high-a	dropped	from his wrists	and ankles.
h ‘	" nc through crises in business	the‘fifth	part of a newspaper lins tells	himself for the rescue of others, but	mount 1U the expense of millions of |	Forgave	him the debt.	Not exact-
naw gum	- ¦ •	*	^	%T	1 *f -'	* •*	* - pveD when he might afterward W
able to pay.
!. Servant These words we
slaves or employees of a menial sort,
was Mick	Christ, the half of a Christ, or	the	mil-	rode tip, led by A f toll yon. and th« nap-	but in the phraseology of the Orient
Life	for life! Blood	( H*>nt.h part of a Christ.	tain of our salvation confronted them	they would l>e used of high govern-
He forsook a tiurone and sat	dow	n on	alone. The rider on the white horse	ment official!, t be haughtiest of whom
of Uhat exhaustion. Because tbey are I In the legal proiession i are in”	^ own footstool, lie came, from the <>f the A|x)calypse going out against Hs related to the king, wasa slave,
avaricious ? In many cases no. Be-	principle of self sacrifice. In 1840 Mill-	to of gtory to the I o! tom of burnt I i-	the lilac* horse cavalry of death, and	Pence. Coins worth about fifteen or
cause their own personal expenses are	iam Freeman, a pauperized and idiot-	ati<>Q and cbaagpd a circumference ser-	iho battalions of the demoniac an l the	sixteen cents, so that t he w hole sum
Lavish? No. A few hundred dollars	ic negro, wax at Auburn. N.A ., on trial	^ for a circumference diabolic,	myrmidons of darkness From 12 o'clock	owed would l»e about sixteen dollars,
would meet all their wants. The aim- for murder. He ha t s ain the entire q waited on by angels, now hissed at noon tu 3 o'clock in the afternoon The proportion^ between the amount oB pLe fact is the man is enduring all j Van Nest family.. The foaming wrath ^y brjg;in<is< From afar and high the greatest battle of the universe went this debt, and the debt to t be king is that fatigue and exasperation and . of the community could lie kept off him	^ came down, past meteors, swift- on. Eternal destinies were being dec Id- startling
wear and tear to keep his home pros- only by armed constables \\ ho would 0r than th<ay. I)y starry thrones, him- ^d. All the arrows of hell, pierced our Throttled him	...
porous. There is an invisible line volunteer to be fcia counsel f No at tor-	more lustrous, past larger worlds Chieftain, and the hattleaxes struck common incident in t he criminal courts
reaching from that store, from that	ney wanted to	sacrifice his popular-	to smaller worlds, down stairs of firm-	him. until brow and cheek and shoulder	of the East.	... .
bank, from that shop, from that scat-	it y by such an	ungrateful task. All	amenta an(j froru cloud to cloud and	and hand an I foot were incarnadined 29. Fell down At his feet.	Hum i hatfolding. to a quiet scene » few blocks,	were silent save one. a young lawyer	through tree tops and into the camel's	with oozing life, but he fought on un-	ing himself as abjectly as his creditor
few miles away, and there is the sec-	with feeble voice, that could hardly he	( stft , f() thrust his shoulder under our	til be gave a final stroke with sword	hud humiliated himself lie fare the king.
r«t of that business endurance. He is	heard outside the l ar. pale 8nd t"in	! burdens and take tba lances of pain	from Jehovah’s buckler, and the com-	It is as difficult tx> pay a hundred pence
simply the champion of a homestead for	and awkward. It was William H. se-	his vitals and wrapped himself	mander in chief of foell and all his	os ten thousand talents if you own no-
which he wins bread and wardrobe and	ward, who saw that the prisoner was	.q ^ the agoudpa w«hich we deserve for	forces fell buck in everlasting ruin and	thing .Have patience with me, uni 1
education and (prosperity, and in such	idiotic and irresponsible and ought to	f>ur ^a^oings an,i slood ()U the split-	the victory is ours. And on the mound	will pay thee all. There is homily s
battle 10,000 men fall. Of ten business	be put in an asylunv rather than Vut	ting decks of a foundering vessel amid	t ha t celebrate* the triumph we plant	down or village in the country, hardly
men whom I bury nine die of overwork	to death, the heroic counsel uttering	^ drpncbjng Hlirf 0f the "sea and pass- | this day two figures, not in bronze- or j a church, no matter how small, hardly
for others. Some sudden disease finds	these beautiful	words: f	ed midnights on the mountains amid	iron or sculptured marble, hut two fig-	a little social group, But train tiheiv
them with no power of resistance, and	"I speak now	in the hearing ot a	wjjd l)eagtB ^ 1>rpy anq 8tood at the	ures of living light, the Mon of Judah's .	hearts many of «ta membetrs	utter this
they are gone. Life for life! Blood ; people who have prejudiced prisoner in( wbferp aM esLrtbly and infernal trilw and the Lamb that was slain. j pitiful cry to some corporation or per-
for blood!	Su I «tit ut ion !	and condemned me for pleat mg in 1 hostilities charged on him at once with
At I o'clock to-morrow morning, the beha’f He is a convict, a pauper, a ne-^pp^ aai.ers—our substitute! hour when alumber is most unin 1er- gro, w»tlimit intellect», sense o em \Vrlien did a/t.torney ever endure so rupte-d and profound, walk amid the trop. My chiui with an a et " ‘ much for a pauper client or physician dwelling houses of the city. Here and smile disarms my careworn face or ta for the ^b^t in the iazeretto or mo-i there you will find a dim light, because frown whenever I cross my tiiresnom. ttlpr for the child in membranous ill is the household custom to keep a The beggar m the street obliges me'r , as ^riat for us and Christ for subdued light burning, but most of to give be ause he says, God mesa. you and Chrlet.for me f Shall any man the houses from Rise to top are as dark you V os I pass. My dog r'lresse , m or woman or ehiId in this audience, w ho as though uninhabited. A merciful with fondness if I will but smile °n pas ever aufferod for another find it God has sent forth the archangel of him. My horse recognizes me when i ^,.<1 to understood this Christly suf-sleep, and he puts his wings over (he fill his manger. ” hat reward, w-nat feringforufly Shall those whose sym-1 j. But yonder is a clear light gratitude, what sympathy and affect ion pathies bave been wrung in behalf of burning, and outside on a window case- ran I expect I ere f 1 here the prison bbe unfortunate have no appréciation ment a glass or pitcher containing food er sits, look at lum. Look at the ns- Qf that Qne moraPnt which was lifted for a sick child. The food is set in semh'age around you. Listen to tm tr out of a p the age$4 (lf eternity as most the fresh air. This is the sixth night ill suppressed censures and excitea consi,inUjOUSi when Christ gathered up that mother has sat up with that suf- fears, and tell me where among y a^ (he sins of those to be redeemed ferer. 6he h is to the last point obey- neig.hliors or my feilow men. w ere under oue arm and all their sored the physician's prescription, not even in his heart 1 can expect ro nn<i rQWg under other arm and said: giving a drop too much or too little a sentiment, a rhouqht not to any oi ,,j wm at0ne for these under my right ora moment too soon or too late. She reward or of acknowledgment or ev-	and	will heal all those under my
is very anxious, for she has buried en of recognition. 'Gentlemen, y<>u arm. Strike me with all thy glit-three children with the same disease, may think of this evidence what you tering R]iafts, oh, eternal justice! Roll and she prays and weeps, each prayer please, bring in what verdict you cui , Qvpr rne with all thy surges, ye oceans and sob ending with a kiss of the pale lut I -ssservate before heaven and sorrow/* cheek. By dint of kinrine&s she gets you that, to the best of my knowledge the little one through the ordeal. Af- and belief, the prisoner at the bar doe* ter it is all over the mother is taken not at this moment know why it is down. Brain or nervous fever sets in. that my shadow falls on you instead <>i and one day she leaves the convalescent his own."
child with a mother's blessing and The gallows got its victim, but the goes up to join the three departed ones ^ost-mortem examilnation or the poor In the kingdom of heaven. Life for creature showed to all the surgeons life! Substitution I The fact is that and to all the world that 1 he public there are an unaccounted number of were wrong and William H. Seward mothers who after they have navigut- was right and that hard, c'ony Hi ep «> ed a large family through all the dis- obloquy in the Auburn courtroom was avaes of infancy and got them fairly the first step pt the stain of fame up started up the flowering slope of boy- which he. went to the top, or to *ltn hood and girlhood, have only strength in one step of the top, that last denim en< ug* left to die. They fade away, him through the treachery of American Some call it consumption some call It politic#. Nothing sublimer was dervous prostration, some call it la teen in an American courtroom than
that shattered their nervous system	us of bis sa-rifice— his name just men-	put. together Adam and Noah and Mel-	j	dollars and many years in rising, and , ing
uad pulled on the brain. They have	tioned among five. Vet he has touched	chisedic and Joseph and Moses and	on the top is the greet Belgian lion	able
a shortness of breath and a pain In the	the fart beet height of sublimity in	Joshua and Samson and Solomon and	of bronze, and a gran 1 old lion it is.	28
back of the head and at night an in-	that three weeks of humanitarian ser-	Jonah and they would not make a frag-	But our great Waterloo was in Fa les	Thei
«omnia that alarms them. Why are	vice. He goes straight as an arrow to	ment of a Christ, a quarter of a	j	tine. There came a day when all hell	»|&v
.	. fellow-servant.
naturally refer to
.................. W by are vice
they" drudging at business early and the bosom, of him who said late? For fun ? No. It would be dii- and ye vl-ited me." '	*'
somnla that alarms them
......... . It would be dii- and ye visited me
ficult to extract any amusement out for blood ! Substitution !	_________...
Because they are | In the legal profession I see the same tjis <>wn f^tstool
n 1840 ill-
Took him by the throat. Such brutality is »
a
90U
30.	Went and cast him into prison. Doubtless be justified himself in so doing as most men wfluo do wrong for Oie love of m-r-m-^y justify tthemselves. "Business is business ; I am not responsible for other folk’s affairs.” Till 'ho should pay tihe debt. On* of the deepest stains on humanity's remrd. in modern and Western civilization as well as in ancient oriental barbarism, is that most punitive measures are not reformatory or restorative in their effect, and some actually make amendment impossible.
31. His fellow-servants. Don Id less some of them supposed thait 1 heir turn was coming next.
32.	1 forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me. In fact, the king had granted far more than the man lad retpuested; he had asked for forbearance, the king had remitted the entire debt.
33.	Shoufdest not thou also. Every reason why he should receive mercy was an argument why he should grant mercy.
31.	The tormentors. Our IiOrd refers to methods ‘familiar to oriental depotism. These were the . ailers,whose office it often was to afflict and torture their prisoners. Till he should l*y That is, for life*, because payment was utterly Impossible.
35. From your hearts. Tim act is nothing if it be hot willingly and kindly A man may remit debts from contempt or ostentation, but a Christian muât do it from love. Our Lord gives no rule of three times or seven times. Imt enjoins hearty, full forgiveness.
LHE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
INTERNATIONAL LESSON, APRIL 24.
•* A l.eneon of loral vene»».** Mall. I*, tl 38. (•oldrH Text. Luke ». .11.
PRACTICAL NOTES.
Verse 21. Then. During the discourse on humility ivnd forgiveness. Came Peter to him. iSoine have supi>osed tha,t now, as on several other occasions, Peter afted as s(s)kesman for the twelve; I sit, an we have seen in our introductory note, it is not unlikely that he had become,.an1 object of their Bliecial envy—that some of his twelve “brothers" ha<i sinned against him, and Wing a conscientious man
wants to know how to treat them.
Ixird, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him Î A question often asked even by Christians. Till seven timesf Jewish rabbis generally taught that forgiveness should be granted to the second and third offense,but not to the fourth. Peter knew that Jesus would! extend forgiveness far beyond this, but with him it was still a question! of degree. Jesus proceeds to t sac hi him# that aa there are no bounds to thte love of God. so there must be none to the lore of his children.
22. I say not unto» thee. Until seven times. Peter’s CUnTstianlty reached as far aa tlhat of thousands nowadays;
city
he
That is what Paul means, tl.at ia what I mean, t hat is what all those who have ever had their heart changed mean by “blood.” I glory in this religion of blood I f am thrilled as I see the suggestive color in sacramental cup. whether it be of burnished silver, set on cloth immaculately white or rough hewn from wood set on table in log hut meeting house of the wilderness. Now 1 am thrilled as I see the altars of ancient sacrifice crimson with the blood of the slain lamb, and Leviticus la to me not so much the Old Testament aa the New. Now I see why the destroying angel passing over Egypt in the night spared all thons houses that had blood
done
ever


*


*
i >
###PAGE###3###
Constantly increasing sales speak
volumes for
Tin bvllt in Bristol orphan didn't pmt a« muob am he needed he
It was aim-
a wnvtyfDiPTJTi m\a n	nv*t a
^ A	, v . rt. nnrapil homes costing 857.1000 an I maintained made wfoat he had answer
Tfcera was a mam Ln I nglan-i nami f, (f(|	in them St SB annual cost pie and It worked.
George Muller who used to read tne ^ ÿ 130 000—-cheap and practical, by the Hi Me quite <Jhrough «very four jrearfl|
Ho died revemtly. Mr. Muller was a with 125000 orphan^ and spent on them
Beatles preanhing in all nearly 87 OOU.OOfi, yet he never
and directly asked any man for h penny 2.10,000 All the mem «y that came in for the huj>-| ¦ booka port of hla work he prayed for. If ho rather high phme
''bÈÏTSàJESTY'S cames.
M oHsm. _
Sue Room lu TlrUrla'e Huile Filled Will*
Wnlhlue H#le#»".
Since me infirmities of Queen \ tutor-
la made It neceasiry for her to uce king stick, a lie ha# been th.% re
Her friends,
lie dealt Ln his long career
an opinion.
She—1 frmd the impresshm that she
but It le on a
\ a y
tn lead packets only. Black »nd mixed All grocer* keep It At ‘25, SO, 40, 50 sn<i H ¦<;
remarkable man
constantly in Knglieth German Bibles and 100000,000 religious
bad as even temper Me—It may •
oven
dUl ribitted	ov er
ciph-ut of many cane» re alive» and subjw tfl have seized ui
every possible o ration to fft*
One entire
KOREAN PAPER.
Korean paper is super Lor to that of
either China ar Japan in Ixxth oi whlols countries it is in riemnnd f<*r umbrella covers, roofing and us a substitute foi window glass.	>
MT RIDB
on
sent her with a new ran
stocked Wh never
room of hex private suite w with these special gift» she express'•s her intention o( atiending a function, like u royal wedding or christening, the interested parties con aider it fitting to send her anothei cane. Every anniversary she is forced to acknowledge a score or so more.
Hers is a collection of priceless val-i'here are so id gold sticka, silver
engraved st i- ks
>
Hartford & Vim Tires
blood purifier and tonic it is just what little boy, three yearn old, bad erup-
tionfl on his facs. w hi h the doctors
His face became one
those
That pimple on your arm
eruptions. Itching and burning bives, you want	,
RS
topttrtfy th^ Mou l. The letter ii written by Mrs O. F. (’hamheriain of Glen Futtcm, Quebec :
If «ad Offloe
9 Adelaide St. W- Toronto
MONUMENT TO POTATOES.
A Hevt-n-ficxvt gr.mite m<nuuiiient In
the upper Harz, Germany, hen an iro# tablet in sc.ri bed : “iff re in 1ihe yea# 1H47, t,lip fir«t trial» were made with the cultivâtbm <nf the potato/*
ue
V
et irks, exquisitely that are u marvel of the carver's ai t


•*C\ I. Hood A Co.. Lowell. Maas.:
“Dear Sirs:—My husband h ib been a great sufferer from dyspepsia for years and was unable to alien l to any busl-After trying the prescriptions of
with little or no
and sticks that contain many jewels.
Queen Victoria Ias leaned more heavily on her stick of late years, using it to cross the room even, instead of only on long walks about Windsor Castle, and after a long, tiresome ceremony. She a'ways places It against her chair, and when she rises it Is the duty of the highest court official present, to
hand it to her.
story of the prank ulayed upon her by the son of thj Duke of York has never appeared in print before.
Ilia Queen,	ruur^
ceremonies when she is In retirement. *n<lcareful attention, as do boils, car-Vs at Windsor, and bad dismissed lier b , ulcerg, ralt rhnuIn and aev-attendants, who had withdrawn to an	, , tT Coraailfl
arbor near by. 6h» was very much in reest forms of scrofula. Hood . Sarsapa-
terested in her favorite pastime,knit- rllla cures all humors of the blood of
ting socks tor the Prince of Wa es. eVery form and degree. Ah a spring when that small embodiment of mis chief, her greatgrandaon, a ipped away with her cane and * played horsey’’ with It over ttie awn.
He had to be captuied before the Queen could enter êhs house. There Her Majesty proceeded to teach him that even the future King of Eng and cannot tamper with the dignity present powers that be
Of recent years hor subjects have hoped in vain to see her use their gifts.
She has used on y one can,». It is one of great historic va'ue, having Win presented to King Charles II. by one of his merry court. Very i.roperly it was cut from an oak tree. When Charles accepted the gift it had a plain gold head, which was round and apt :o hurt the hand if the cane was called upon to support much weight.
It was whispered about the court recently that Her Majesty used no longer the historic stick. This is not true; only the top has been changed.
An idol, which graced the temple of an HI fated Indian prince,lias been added for a handle. This is an exquisitely wrought affair in ivory, on an infinitesimal pedestal of alabaster. The eyes and forehead are jewelled, and on the tongue is thé rarest of rubles.


ft
To cure Catarrh use vapors of Quickcure.
i
Vi
f*
m

i
V
n**ai
several physicians

TO MAKE HOME HAPPY.
An epicure says six tlhing» are neo-ems ary in order to make home happy* IThe first is a good cook, an<l the oth five are money.
fix-
benefit, he
CONCLUDED TO TAKE HOOD'S Sarsaparilla. He used two bottle» and now eu ta three hearty meals a day and he never felt better in hit* life.
k
f
fhe
r
HANDSOME REGULAR FEATURES
says
My husband's father, past eighty years of age. haa been a great sufferer from rheumatism for over forty years. L_ wua also troubled with him stomach.
Do not constitute a beaetlful face If him from tearing him face on account the skin Iw covered with those unsight-He | of his great suffering. We gave him |y pimples By removing all impuri-one bottle of	Hood's Sarsaparilla and	ties from the blood, and regulating the
he haa never	ha t as much as a pimple	digestive functions Celery King prohut ho	waa	cured	by	taking	lees	than	or a 8ore Gf	anv kind on his face or	duces a clear, healthy complexion One
three bottlea	of	Hood's Sarsaparilla	My : body since.1'	Mrs. O. F. Chamberlain,	month's treatment. 25 rents. At all
druggists, or Woodward Medicine Co., Toronto, Canada.
a
A PAPER CHIVIRCH
Bergen, Norway, looses of a paper church large enough U> seat 1 000 per-The building is rendered water-
la Canada's Greatest Medicine, bsoauae it cures when all others fail, tie sure to get Hood’e,
m ns
proof by a solution of quiet lime, ouiw died milk and vdhites of eggs.
of the
Attention may i»e. tailed to the very 0f the affairs of the Association, and large amount paid by the Association gtated tint the new bu»sin**ss for the during the peat year to its policy- year jyys allowed a satisfactory in-holdere and annuitants. and eapecia,ly ; t rvase over tl at for 18!>7 at the same to the sum of ahniost fcyO.UOU CASH date.
PROFITS TO POLICY HOLDERS. The .Several of the pn lit y holders and total payment* including <8.0111,	, stockholders present referred in corn-
amount received for re insurances, and j>| Linen tary terms to the success which which is deducted from the death },as attended the operations of the claims in the financial statement, were ^.sso intlon, and the report was unani
niuusly adopted.
Resolutions of Hanks, which were
led to, were si so passed
Auditors,
W P € 915
26th ANNUAL REPORT
i for Bold etc.
' Write for pr *«.
B. A. So..
iNERALS TESTED
M
- OK TflH —
Confederation
Life
Association
MILTON I,. HftKStiV 16 St. Snerament S .. Montreal. Qbo
% m f liin MILLS sue . Galvanized, Rollei XA/lnU and Bdl Bearing*. Iron Pumps, w W Sparer*. und (Train Grinders Could, •has ay A Muir Co.. Limited. Brantford, Canada.
MUSIC ®SaS3
POPULAR MUSiO'depot. r25 TSSm It. Montré.
<011,752.02.
Jt mao' also l>e mentioned that this Aeeo dation since its organization has suitably res. paid a total of $1,034,214 74 CASH I 1(0- to the Directors, Officers FITS up to the close of last year to its Medical Examiners, Field and Office policy holders, on amount equal to 43 ast af for tiu-ir faithful services dur-per cent, of the total death claims dur- ; jUg the year
Mr W II Beatty, Vice-President, and their report will I** found ap- Wyld, Esq., J. k. Mardona'd. Esq whs appointed to act as Chairman, and landed to the financial statements.	At a meeting of the new hoard held
Mr J. K. Macdonald. Managing Direo The dire* tors are also pleased to re- immediately a'ter the annual meeting l((| .secretary	port tbit the field and office staffs con- Hon Sir W. P. Howland, K C.M.G., t
After the usual formalities the fol-ftinuv to discharge their duties with j jp, was re-elected President, and Mes
efficiency and diligence.	srs. Edward Hooper and W. H. Beatty
AM the directors retire, hut are Vice# presidents eligible for re-election.
W. P. HOWLAND, President J. K. MACDONALD.
Alt.Tinging Director.
FINANCIAL KTA'l EMENT.
Receipts
STEADY PROGRESS OF A HOME
INSTltUTION.
on
Large Increase In Payments I# Policyholders —'Interest Collections In Advance ol Any Previous Year
DON’ TBKHUMBt/GOKÜ fcf enie Do your ow I hin ging# 11 up O lato h gh-irm-ed sewing maohiafsat fsotrry prie*** $18.AO to <23.00 deliver-sd free within 600 miles of Montreal.
oitnhgu • and t?r-i a.
THI BAILEY DONALDSON 00„
Monthsau
%
d *
H*nd fo: spécial
BAT.LOON VS. IRONCLAD
The use of the ba loon in warfare will be one of the developments of the near future. A first-c'ass modern ironclad
I
J. N. ANDERSON, M.D., Me. • O^HfHt TORONTO, Ont
THROAT
NOSE &
EYE, EAR,
SPECIALIST
costs alx>ut $5,000,000. This would con
stru t and equbp for w ar purposes a low ing report and statements of the affairs of the Association for the year 1897 were presented.
Dominion Line Steamships
THE STARS' RAYS.	I
It requires four years and *our I éôueelr!""uom!nYon,™*8eoUroa».' ‘
DioetbP for a ray of light to reach us Superior accommodation for First! abtn, oe<>
a He con t. At t.his rate a fust-claas ex- steamer and berth. For all information apply
i be	SiS"*. tr «jaÆ^rjasJfgsaga:
-v^STSSS Î2K Hr* «-æsnsr-
ALLAN LINE
Rural Mail Steamslii|i Co.,
great many balloons, and it would seem as if they might be used by th ' inhabitants of a beaeiged city with which to sail over an invading fleet and drop explosives upon the warships underneath with deadly effect. They might a ao be used to drqp these explosiv-ee over the cities ocnuipied by an opponent. Of course there would be considerable risk in aunh an enterprise, unless the balloons could be properly steered, but the dirigible balloon is one of the inventions that w# may expect to see in the n ar future.
REPORl
The year 1897, like some of those which preceded it. was one that called for the exorcise of much care and prudence, both in regard to obtaining new insurance and in the investment of the funds. It would have been quite within the ability of your directors to have largely increased the volume of new business, but it was deemed the wiser course to continue the conservative policy of the past, anl do a safe, though moderate business at a reasonable oost.
The policyholders and shareholders wili not* with satisfaction that while an amount of new insurance was secured slightly in excess of that for 1896, it was obtained, and the entire business uf the association conducted, at a cost actually less than for that year.
The total applications received during the year were 2,161 for #3,«132,485 of insurance; 2,072 for 13.143,285 were approved and policies written ; 85 for <182,200 were declined, and 7 for <7,(00, being incomplete, were deferred. Including bonus additions, the new business for the year was <3,168,172. I he total business in force at the close of the year was <28.332,005.00 under 18,915 policies on 16,427 lives.
In the matter of the valuation of the policy and annuity obligations, for all business taken since December 31, 1895, a rate of 31-2 per cent, only has l*en
assumed.
<931,561 02 252,966 23
Premiums net.
Interest and rents, net
<1,184,527 25
DISBURSEMENTS
To Policyholders. Death claims net <243,525 76 Endowments Annuities.
Surrendered policies 66,993 84 Cash profits
Cent au ri
forr a eann n ball, travelling at. lb' us-
cLiles to reach is our nearest
ual speed of such proje this same poiah which
93 353 00 9 854 34
Quick as Thought
The maddening toothache sto|« when Nerviline—that wonderful nerve pain cure—is applied to the tooth. Nervi-line Is the only positive never-failing remedy for toothache and all nerve pains. Re advised and try it.
MAXIMILIAN.
Though 30 years have passed since Maximilian was shot in Mexico, his brother. the Emperor of Austria, always holds memorial services on June 19. the anniversary of that tragic event. At the castle of Miramar, near Trieste, »n the Adriatic, the rooms occupied by Archduke Maximilian before leaving for the o«*w world are kept, by the Emperor's orders just as his brother left them when he went to hie death.
War neighlor.
89.994 69
<503.721 62
Montreal to Liverpool.
£»««<>»
, «,æxr&xizJSsifft I ™E$EEBSBSE3
1000.000 00 a lawyer. In tihe one case he would | to any authori/vd agent.
cut people up, and in t.he other merely (pull their legs. What would you suggest ?	'
f’d rnaJke a doctor of him. Then he
can do both.
Com Sowiug
Ex lienees, salaries commis sums. etc.
Dividends to stocktholdors Balance. ....
200 411 10 Fs conducted by tight boots. Corn 15000 00 reaping is best conducted by Putnam's 450301 53 Painless Corn Extractor, the only sa.e,
prompt and painless corn
<1,184,527 25 Beware of imitations.
cure
sure
$6.237.089 28 I 6.900,882 54 I
Total assets. Total liabilities.
COMBINED
Capital Stock
H. Bonrller, 1 King St. W. Toronto.
Allan. Montreal.
TOTAL SURPLUS SECURITY FOR POLICY HOLD-
or
$1, 336,806 74
ERS
!
Auditors’ Report.
We beg to report that we have completed hhe au/dit of the Ixwks of the	How B Tills ?
____	Association for the year ending Decern-	ofTer one Bundled Do lam Reward for
Your directors are pleased to lie able her 31st. 1897, ami have examined the any ohHti of catarrh that cannot be cured by
:######### êgÊÊSm Hack at All Trades
ii* looked for during the present year, ed with the Dominion Government,	TrVax. xVholeeale Bragglut» Toledo.
They are also very glad to report that amounting to $84,600. and those de- () waldinu, Kinnan It Mabvin, Wholesale
Mrs,1 turzs zjrtsR	„ -,.
than for some years past. The actual been examined and compared with the fa2e* 0f the system, Price 75c. per tattle! Sett rollections were about 16 per cent, in books of the Association, and are cor- by Ml Drondite- Testimonies free, advance of those for 1896, while the recrt, and correspond with the schedules , Hall's Family Pill* »r« tn* amount due and outstanding at the 31st and ledgers.	j
December last was almost 25 per cent.. The bank balances and the cash less than at the corresponding date of are certified as correct.
1896. It may also be stated that sev-	W. R. HARRIS,,
eral house properties have been sold	R. F. 8PENCE
during the year to reaflize all the combed againdt them.	Toronto, February 22nd, 1898.
JSLCSSWÆ-Wà?ilK?îl£ W.„. ».	Slmp.ln I» — -
merited on the very satisfactory state will be out m a week or sa
Üsc Ouickcure for Lome Back,Sprains,Strains,&e.
AN "IF."
If we moved owr legs proportionately as fast as an ant it is calculated we could travel nearly 800 miles an hour.
• A farmer should be able to construct
everything needed on the
wagon, buy a few tools,
spokes, hubs, etc. aeul make it time is nothing—" he can t afford to help support big factories
farmer will a divise you to that to the marine*” but many of them
farm." (I)
TO CURE A COM) IN ONE DAY.
T*ke Laintite Bronio Quinine Tablet*. All Drug flats refund the raonry if It fell# toOure. ÎN>.
HOW TO REACH MARS.
An eminent astronomer says that for munirai ion with the inhabitants of Mars we should require a flag as large as Ireland and a pole 500 miles long.
CROWN oFpORTUGAL.
The gems in the crown of Portugal worth $8.000 000. Those In the royal diadem of England are valued at
11.800,000	¦¦¦¦¦I
His
l^he aver-
tell
TIHE CAUSE OF THE TROUBLE
age
What happened to Simpkins?	,
He had a dispute with a police man. listen to just audh arguments vn u*
Auditors» You know, Simpkins is very quick at (ence question. Are t'hsy wise ( We
repartee?	1^ m\\ you Page fence at from 15 to
- rod. For illustrated ad-
matter apply to the local
?-•Hi
f
The death claims arising in the year aggregated the sum of $248,824. These occurred under 140 potociee, on 119 liven.
While well within the tabular rate, It is larger than) the usual experience of this company, and arises largely from the foot that several lives fell in on which there were large insurances carried, which considerably increased the average. The above, considering the tivee at risk and the age of the oons-
pany will strongly attest the care ex	¦	, ,
ereined by the oil tutors ie the ad- Ceylon Tea. We suggest a trial
miseiom of only healthy lives.	)
es
vertiaing Page dealer, or to us dire 4.
are
\
tl « II IK C0MPIHÏ.
Limited,
Indigestion
T“ CELERY KIRfl
Stisngthens the etomaob: aide dUwUee | sets
t
t
WALKERV1LLE, ONT
I, what housekeepers say about LUDELLA Lead packages. «5, 40. 50 and 60c.
P. 6.-8W. our "ad." *	*“»*•

###PAGE###4###
Sidney Disorders
day a mass meeting will ho hold in the Dominion Methodist church, when ad dresse» on temperance will be made. It is expected that the church will bo decorated with the petition which will be strung about tho galleries.
The Gquitÿ.
SH AW VILLE, APRIL 21, 1898.
fur you Id UotuV# Kldoey I III*. •
E. HODCINS & SONS.
For Sale
Two yearling Jersey Bulls, full hie I
i. Apply to JAMES BURDEN,
Elmside, Bristol
US IT ED STATES AND STAIN
WILL FIGHT.
The railway committee of the House of
to have inaugurated a In addition to tin
From Head to Foot.
66
Commons, seems
re g i of carnage
B.tnk St. Bridge project, the committet last week knifed the bill to incorporait
and tit for service
DO
As The Equity goes to press on W ednesday the latest intelligence regarding the [prospect of a conflict between the United States and Spain is that war
Con*
99
the Kettle River Valley Railway—an en terprise intended to compute with the V
P R. for the mineral trade of Briti.l. may be eipected in » day or two
gross has passed a resolution declaring
lor the independence of Cuba and order
President McKin*
YOU
WANT
GOLD & SILVER MINE
FOR SALE.
Columbia
HATS.
dlecov
F >r the In foi mat Ion of parties desiring l<|
liSsSs
wmmm
' fera sas
s-     Svkriîm «i.'S-r ™
1	riiornby I*. O., Que.
Premier Marchand was in Ottawa last i„g Spain to got out week, with the object, it is believed, of ley, it is believed, signed this resolution making a demand on the Government for un Tuesday afternoon, and sent his ultim the carrying out of tin promise made at atutn to Spain, allowing 48 hours to take the Liberal convention in 189a, held in action, that is—either got out of Cuba* O tawa, that soon as the Liberal parly bag and baggage, or show tight. Spain was returned to power the subsid es of has previously stated that she will not the province should be so arranged thaï give up Cuba unless compelled to do so. all the provincial governments should , She must now either back down or go to have more money placed at their disposal. | war.
The Liberal party has now been in office nearly two years and Mr. Marchand no doubt thinks the time has arrived to sctk
PAINT
We call attention this week to our stock of “Ladies Straw Sailors.” They are the newest tilings out and we are selling them at “ common sense prices.”
for any purpose ?
If so you should
see our stock and get prices.
• see
••es
V|> to Saturday last 03 protests have boeu tiled in connection with the late Out
This is over two thirds of
arm elections the total number
Grand
Spring
Millinery
-OPENING-
hts pound of flesh
The American line of steamships has dropped its sailings from New York altogether. The Cuuard line is arranging to land its passengers at Halifax, if hos
No doubt other lines will
There will be
Wo observe by an item in the Ottawa Journal from Bryson, that sundry of tin-local Grits are still making efforts to capture the few local government otlice* which are at present held by appointees of Conservative governments—nearly al of them old time residents of the county. A great many charges of partiz mship, malfeasance, etc., etc., are talked of as for removal of these gentlemen.
0
lilities open
act in the same manner some dollars coming Canada*ards in the event of the war clouds breaking.
The imminence of national danger has put an end to faction in Spain also. Don Carlos, who pretends to be the rightful king of the country, has issued a pmcla-urging his friends and partiz ins to support the existing government in the efforts it makes to uphold the country a honor and integrity, and promising to on courage no revolutionary attempt during the struggle with the l uited States. If he keeps his word lie will have at least done
• r the approbation <-f his
SHOES.
?
WE SELL THE BEST.
Thursday and Friday,
April 14th and loth.
Ladies’ fine Shoes, right shapes, right finish, right price, made by responsible makers, and the right shoes for the ladies to wear.
reason
but thus far, no pretence of proving any of them has been made, although as a matter of fact, the parties assailed ready and willing that an ir.vestigattot into their actions should be held the needy crew are not anxious for ligations ; but being red hot party spoils men, they expect the government shvu < lend willing ears to every piece of cal uniny they choose to trump up, and ac promptly on their advice eminent have taken counsel otherwise n
illation
The ladies are respectfully requested to call and inspect.
Mias Jackson, an experienced milliner, now in charge.
a n
?
But
J. H. SHAW
MRS. McCREDIE,

I lives
unity
Il ilX STREET, - SIIA1I VILLE.
The Ottawa Canal.
Every
Y oung’
Man--
The Toronto World of Saturday makes ihi- mistake of supposing that the Ottawa and Georgian Bay canal is a rival watevil is not
But the tiox
E. HODGINS & SONS.
f St. Lawrence canals
V. ay
It is a subsidiary water route which is go mg to bring down traffic to the St. Lawrence and help to build up Montreal, the commercial metropolis of Canada, instead uf Buffalo and New York. The Wo»ld
would appear, and have succeeded thus far in holding at arm's length those clam* for positions to which they have established right.* Some of them have been boasting of late that a turn in events is at hand. We shall see.
no
orers
R- quires a Spring Suit. Before ordering, he should consider where lie can secure the greatest satisfaction in the following points :
MS
says
“The Georgian Bay Canal will, it is true, save three hundred and forty miles in the journey from Duluth or Chicago to Montreal, but the capacity of the vessels on this canal will be so much less than those using the St. Lawrence route that the cost of transportatiou by the latter will always be cheaper than by the for* If Montreal desires this duplicate waterway she ought to construct it at her own expense.
The proposed Georgian Bay Canal is to have 14 feet locks, therefore the capacity if the vessels will be the same as by the St Lawrence Canals. It is a national enterprise, going to help all Canada. Furthermore, it is an imperial project and forms a strong defensive measure for
ihe British Empire.
That Montreal should build it at her own expense is unmitigated nonseive. No doubt she will jive the scheme all the material and moral support she can and ibis is all that is required of her.
The Georgian Bay Canal is to bo built by private British capitalists supplemented, it is expected by a small measure of government aid five years after its actual completion.—Citizen, Ottawa.
M
A caucus of Government supporter.*,
called to discuss the prohibition plepiscVi
bill, was held on Friday morning last.
The overwhelming opinion proved to
bo that the question of prohibition should
be submitted to the people, disassociated
from all other public questions such as
direct taxation and the like. In other words, that the mere question as to whether the voter is in favor or not of prohibition should be placed on the ballot
paper.
As the government will undoubtedly be guided by the decision of the caucus the result will general satisfaction to the tempérant* people, and as for tho liquor men, thw will no doubt take every opportunity of placing the loss <>f revenue - which wi'l b about $8,250.000— that will result should the prohibitionists carty the vote, bvf »r< the people
While the government did not give out officially what they intend doing, it is cor tain that the opinion of the caucus will prevail The bill will be introduced thie week.
STYLE,
VALUE,
QUALITY,
DUltxmriTY,
WORKMANSHIP.
Our suits include all these necessary
essentials, and n this fact can be adduced than our largely increased business over last Spring’s trade.
Fresh
Spring
Millinery
a

PCX
X
mer
#3
\
FA

stronger evidence of
r

»$
*
In all tlie Latest styles at
}>

i
u

—o---
Come along and get a perfect fit
835.™ I I I
f Con alder — If yon can keep the wet ont il
‘5 of your riflo it will not rmmor/re«e. Only V
2 Marlin Repeaters ?
har* Solid Tone, •bedding water like a f
P	$
I. matlon alKiut ppwdera.btitek ana smoke- x/
L to,	W	j
, SeStoSSES S
A Fra# t/ you irtfl «end stamps for postage to W* k. The Marlin Firearms Ce., New havea, Cl. At
f
MISS A. McRAE’S.
giv
course

C. FRAME,
THE PEUPLES' TAILOR.
L
It
O—
Just returned from the city with a choice selection of the very latest and most attractive .......goods.......
Nursery Stock A tests ! - - - -
Book Agents!.................
Agricn Ural Imn foment Agents !
/
Or any ono desiring to be ter Ibel r positions or lucre se their Income should write us.
The demand for home-grown Nursery Stock Is on the increase We need more men. If you want steady, paying wor , write us
We Ïavc^t'hu'largest nurseries in the I JJISS ANNIE MCRAE, SHAWVILLE,
Dominion.	.	'________________
—o

Split in the Ranks.
The ladies are respectfully invited to call and inspect stock.
MN

Quebec, April 18.—There is a split in the ranks of the Mercier Liberal Club The secretary ed ideas at variance with those of Brest-dent Lane who has repudiated them. A lively fight is expected at the next meet-
Mr. Dubes, secretary,
The Presi
The Weekly Finance Review of New York says:
The point raised that Spain is bankrupt and is in consequence a weak foe. is not well taken. In the event of Spain going to war with this c un+ry it will certainly be impossible for her to raise money by the sale of her bonds, as they have already gone down to 42A, and in the event of hostilities they will go down to probably 25 or less. She will therefore naturally abandon ambition to keep up her Nation al credit, and hence interest on her outstanding obligations will be sure to be defaulted on. This amounts to about 5=100,000,000 a year which she will have for war purposes. Contributions and forced revenue from the people will be one of the processes resorted to carry on the Spain will be in a position similar to that of a bankrupt railroad, which makes a bad foe fur a solvent competitor.
For Prices ou MAKLlNti, (auy calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.
has enunciat
here
We pay both salary and We engage either whole or part time
men.
We guarantee all our stock.
We furnish purchasers with certificates from Government Inspector,
stock is free from San
commission

ing of the club is a supporter of Mr. Tarte dent, Mr. Lane, represents the old Liberals.
Tariff of Tolls
! DON'T CHIDL \
1	- THE *
CHILDREN.
statin Jose
Our nurseries comprise over 700 acres, and growing stock in large quantity enables us to sell at I lie closest possible figure.
Men succeed with us who have failed
with OTHERS
It will cost you nothing to learn what we can do for you.
Don’t write unless you menu business av.d want profitable employment.
g our Scale.
TO BE COLLECTED DURING SEA
SON OF 1898 BY THE
Stranded on the Trail.
SIXTY MEN IN DANGER OF STARVATION IN
THE YUKON COUNTRY.
THE QUINZE BANDS IMPROVEMENT
COMPANY, LIMITED,
For use of Imrmmeafs.
4 A
Victoria, B. C., April 18—Advices from the Naas river are to the effect that the Grider party of sixty from Stockton, Cal., are stranded on the trail from the Canyon to Hazleton, and in danger of starving in the wilderness. Grider has contracted for a 575 bonus from each man to lead them to placer grounds in theOmi-neca yielding 5100 per day. He claimed to know the country “like a book," and when organizing the party exhibited nuggets that he said he had found in this new treasure land. It now develops that he had never before been in the district, and had bought the nuggets from various prospectors for the purpose of strengthening |swindling story. His dupes threaten to lynch him—and no one will blame them greatly if they do
!
STONE & WELLINGTON,
Toronto.
war
Don't scold the little ones if the bed is wet in the morning.
Weak
f
I
i
Sawloge 17 feet and under in length, per thousand feet, boaid measure..................
Red and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per thousand feet board measure............
Red and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, round flatted, 30 feet long and up. wards in length, per thousand feet board measure............
Red an<i white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, square or waney board, per thousand cubic feet*

60 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
*
w It isn't the child's fault. _
V kidneys need strengthening— W that's all. You can’t afford to g risk delay. Neglect may entail y a lifetime of suffering.
To the Grit declaration, respecting the defeat of the Yukon Tramway bill, that
“business men are angry," the Montreal Gazette adds that “business-is business men are roaring wild parrot cry that “business is booming," the Halifax Herald begs to add that business is business is beating all other kinds of business out of their boots.— Citizen.
3 cents.
n

And to the Grit
v doan-s Kidney Pills
Strengthen the Kidneys end Bladder, then mil trouble
Trade Marks Designs
1 Copyrights Ac.
special notice, without charge, la the
Stkniifit American.
3j “
his
Mr. John Carson, employed at M. S. Bradt & Co.'s store, Hamilton, Ont., says :
11 My little boy seven years of age has been troubled with hia kidneys w since birth and could not hold his 5 water. We spent hundreds of dol-W lara doctoring and tried many dtf-
$ sa? o'?1 dSOTwL:?
w Pina completely cured him.
U*
or
The huge polyglot petition, asking for
the enactment of temperance legislation,
the signatures for which were secured by the W. C. T. U , will be presented to the government duiing the first week in May. The presentation will be made in the House of Commons on a date not yet decided upon. On the evening of the eame I
Tenders Wanted
4* “
S3fSKSS®5£fiS
. 45 «

• •
a#######*

1 ,
###PAGE###5###
7
?
IMPORTATIONS
For Spring 1898.
BEAD THIS !



YV"ANTED m man who denim* to fill » ? f steady, paying poeltlon and earn good wage*. If you are at present employed, t hat need not prevent you from mending u* a postal card to learn what we can do for you. We have the largest most complete and thoroughly up-to-date nu emeries In the Dominion. There Is a largely Increasing demand for HOME GROWN NVK8KKY STOCK.
All supplies sent free ; the trial costs you nothing; you get your pay every Saturday.
If you cannot give full time to our Interests we can arrange liberal terms with you
1. We grow a full line of Berry Bushes,Flowering Shrubs. Ornamental Trees. Hedging, Bulb Romes and Heed Potatoes. All our stock guaranteed to live.
Write and tell us you are open for an offer and we will make you a proposition you will want to accept.

G. F. H0DŒINS’
¦
FRENCH SUITINGS
SCOTCH SUITINGS
ENGLISH SUITINGS
CANADIAN SUITINGS
WORSTED OVERCOATINGS
CHOICE SECECTIONS-
— RAN TINGS
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Greatest
Bargains
for part time Fruit Trees.
t
Is becoming a favorite resort .... for busy housewives Those Carpets appeal to their sense of the beautiful.
warranted and
* * e #
A R. McGUIRE,
OF THE SEASON NOW OFFERED IN
E, P. BLACKFORD & CO.,
TORONTO, ONT
O
COOK STOVES
Farm for Sale.
H. PERRY
A Full Line of
AT
5
Handsome - - - TAPISTRY,
UNION,
STAIR CARPETS, OIL CLOTHS,
Valuable Farm for Sale, he ng the North East Half of Lot No. He written In the Third Itange, of Hrlfttol, containing one hundred acre», about forty of whirl» ar* cleared ; balance in woodland. Mum road from Portage du Fort to Quyon rune 1 hrough t lie property. Church, School, Pont Office and It. It. Station quite dome. Good wa vr hu ply.
For further particular* apply to
MRS. McNAB and M US. M. UK KG EH, Uilertca P. O., Que.
GEO. E. fAIIIAN’S.
Practical Tinsmith,
o
has opened shop in the premises directly opposite the Russell House, Shaw ville, Que., where he has on display a fine range of
Just fancy ! we can give you a cooking stove for Eight dollars, and a better qual ity in the same line for a slight advance on this figure. And in everything in the line of . . .
NEWEST PATTERNS.
BEST MAKES.
Beautiful Art Squares in Oriental designs, suitable for Din . .	. ing, Drawing Rooms or Libraries . .	.
Bristol, March, 18, l«b3.
Tinware, Agateware,
Stoves, etc.
Bad
Tinware Agateware
Factory Cans, See.,:
!
Blood Will Out.
o
Special attention given to furnace work, hot water or steam fitting, plumbing and roofing.
Muslin Curtains
- and -
at equally low prices
Special attention paid to Roofing and Furnace work.
----o — —
HIGHEST CASH PRICE paid fer
Hides and Pelts.
Drapery Fabrics
Can’t help but come to the surface in the form of Ulcers, Sores, Boils, Pimples and Rashes of one kind and another. Especially is this so in the SPRING. At this time of the year the Blood needs purifying, the System needs cleansing. Nothing will do it with such perfect success as
Ideal Curtains for chambers and boudoirs.
HIGHEST PKH'E PAID FOR HIDES AND
PELTS,
LACE CURTAIN'S,
Come with the crowd and make y ur Spring purchase?, and save money.
GEO. E. WAIN MAN.
A Call Solicited
CRETONNE,
H. PERRY.
VRT MUSLINS.
P. S.—Sap Buckets
2
March 8, 98
B. B. B.
o
GREAT
The scissors are kept Hashing at
Jessie Johnston Rockwood, Ont., writes :
“ I had boils very bad and a friend advised me to try Burdock Blood Bitters, so I got a bottle. The effect was wonderful—the boils began to disappear, and before the bottle was done I was totally cured. As an effectual and rapid cure for Impure Blood B. B. B. cannot be equalled."
> JOHN M. HOGGINS
CLEARING OUT
G. F. HODGINS
>
Baker

and
THE UP TO DATE STORE.
.. Confectioner,
GENERAL
MERCHANDIZE.
is always prepared to supply the public
------with-------
ft


9 C «
A
FRESH BREAD, BUNS, BISCUITS, FRUIT, CONFECTIONERY, Etc.
Before 1st of April next
M i
The undersigned is determined to eell out his entire stock of General Merchandise, consisting of Dry Goods, Readymade Clothing. Boots & Shoes Groceries, Crockery, Glassware, etc., and with that object in view will dis . . . peso of the whole . . .
i
clothes. On making his exit from the shop, he was met by a gentleman, (for merly of Bristol,) whom the tailor addressed thus :	“Is that fellow going to
be married?”
Mr. and Mrs U. G. Allison are leaving Eliueide this week and going on to their farm in the No. 1 settlement.
Elmside is never behind, as I believe we are to have a “Park" here.
Misses Charity Thompson and Annie Richards were in town last week.
Miss Howe and Miss Brims, teachers, Bristol, were the guests of Miss Burwaah Saturday and Sunday.
Mrs. John Baird is ill at present.
Mr. Sam Woods visited in this vicinity Sunday.
Mr. and Mrs. Smiley visited here Sunday. Mrs. S. is spending a few days under the parental roof.
Rev. Mr
exchanged pulpits last Sunday.
James Cut hbert son, Shaw ville, was in town Monday p. m.
Mr. W. Geo. Lothian pays our town some early calls,—frequently breakfasts with friends here.	Trip.
6
County News.

. " k "

i
All kinds of cake made to order. Bride’s
Cake a specialty.

n t

o
Bristol Mines.
The people here are now engaged pitting in their crops.
Mr. James Sylvester has moved to Bryson.	...
Miss Nellie Manary was visiting friends
here last welk.
Mr. Conroy left for Ottawa last Monday.
Mrs. Wm. Rattray has been very ill during the past week. It is to be hoped
she will soon recover.
It is rumored that we are to have a
temperance meeting on the 20th of April.
The shades of night were falling fast.
As through our little town there passed A youth, who, with his heart aglow,
Made for that land of Ice and snow—the
- Klondike.
—o
! I
g E
* f

Stand next to J. Turner’s Harness Shop
ElüJ ; p.fî :

At Cost Price.
n a
z".
GIVE ME A CALL
:
Spue
6m j
y For Coughs,
» Colds# Brou-Î chitis, Sore ! throat, etc.
J «EBBV, WATSOf» A C3 , PROMirraaf. * 9	Montréal.
d i
Best Chanca Ever Offered
TO PR 00 CT RE GOODS AT Y0VR OWN FIGURES.
i
llatiliiiig Eggs for Sale,
rr
I also have eggs for hatching purposes of the following breeds of pure bred stock :—Golden Wyandottes, Barred Ply. mouth Rocks, White Rocks, Buff Cochins Black Minorca#. $1.00 per setting of 13.
Two White Cockerels for sale at $1.00

The stock will bo found well assorted and goods all fresh and up to da?e
R. R. CUTH3ERTS0N,
MAPLE RIDGE, BRISTOL.
each
Nelson and Rev. Mr. Back,
PROMPTLY SECURED
Editor Equity :
Sir,—Our 62nd party arrived at the Knowlto'i Home last week from Liverpool. Already all those over 9 years of ago are located. We now desire homes for the little boys between the ages of 4 and 9 years. They are bright, healthy, merry little fellows, and we feel sure will in time ample repay all the love and affection bestowed on them.
One lady has kindly adopted a little girl to replace one of four children who have died through diphtheria.
We trust there may be many who, looking on our work from a Christian, as as well as a philanthropic standpoint, will be moved to take part with us, and join in taking care of the orphan and mother less little ones.
Any information relative to the children will be gladly given, photos of some of them may be had. Applicants should when writing send minister’s recommendation and railway fare.
Mr
Cardinal Taschereau Bead.
After suffering many years from spinal disease Cardinal Taschereau breathed his last at Quebec on Tuesday evening of last week. Since 1893, when at his own request Mgr. Begin took charge of the bishopric, he had shown great physical weak-During the last six months he was continually confined to his room, and medical skill was unavailing to alleviate his sufferings. The funeral took place Tuesday morning 19;h inst.
GET RICH QUICKLY. Write to-day for onr beautiful illustrated Book on Patents and the fascinating story of n poor Inventor wha made $250,000.00, Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention and wo will promptly tell you FREE if it is new and probably patentable.
No humbug. Honest Service, specialty: Tough cases rejected in other hands and foreign applications. Roforc ucos : Honor* able T. Bvrthiaume, prop, of “La Presse, Honorable D. A. Boss, the leading newspapers, Banks, Lx press Companies & clients In any locality. All Patents secured through our agency are brought before the public by a special notice in over 300 newspapers. MARION & MARION, Patent Experts, Temple Building. 185St. James St., Montreal. Thu only firm of Graduate Engineer* In the Dominion transacting patent business exclusively- Mention this paper.
Bristol Hôtes.
The merry whistle of the ploughboy is heard now from daylight till dark. All the farmers are busy ploughing.
Our villagers are busy moving—one leaving to make room for another. Such
is life :	. .	,
Death has again visited our community. Mrs. John Culhbertson passed away last week, after a lingering illness, through which she was lovingly tended by her two daughters, Misses Lizzie and Maggie.
Master Harvey Young has arrived home from Ottawa, where he has been under medical attendance. We hope Harvey may soon be his usual self again, heard of a surprise party that was
the town line. Z-2* ask— • aisy Bell.
Weak and Herrons.
Too many women that way. They need Milburn’s Heart and Nerve pills. Mrs. J. Hawke, Haaersville, Ont.,says:—“Milburn’s Heart and Nerve pill#cured me of weakness and nervousness, with which I had been afflicted for a long time.”
ness
on
Blown up for the Third Time.
On Sunday night last three thousand F. G. Widdows, after many years, as pounds of dynamite exploded at the Ot they say in books, has turned up once tawa Powder Company's factory on the more. A quarter of a century ago, \V id-Chelsea road and blew the factory and dows, who styled himself an ex Francis-adjacent buildings to atoms.	can monk, travelled through eastern On*
The dynamite tore a hole in the ground tario, and was in Almonte for some time, about 15 feet deep and about forty feet in vowing eternal vengeance against the length and thirty in breadth. Cases of Roman Catholics and making trouble sweet glycerine were hurled in all direc generally. In Toronto he was found tinns and the tree# in the vicinity were guilty of an abominable crime. After torn to pieces. Fortunately no person serving his sentence, Widdows went to was hurt. Six buildings wore destroyed. Scotland, but was soon again in the toils The storehouse containing the dynamite, on a similar charge to that for which he a wood house, the engine house, the had been impriaioned in Toronto. For building for mixing glycerine, a building years little or nothing had been heard containing wood fibre and the storehouse of Widdows, but we read in the London containing nitrate of soda. Eight tons of Truth that the “ex-Franciscan monk " is dynamite were stored about two hundred now in Cardiff victimising credulous Proyards away from the scene of the explo testants. The Victoria Nit ion says sion, but fortunately the concussion was “there is enough vileness in Widdows not severe enough to cause it to explode, corrupt composition to pervert the morals
The shock of the explosion caused con of the whole British Empire and provoke aiderable damage in Hull and Ottawa, the Lord to rain brimstone and fire on Oil Bank street a number of costly plate the offending city of Cardiff."—Almonte glass windows were shatteied.	Gazette.
Toronto, April 17.—The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church will meet on June 8 at Montreal. Last month was the biggest for receipt# on re cord. Nearly $100,000 was received at the treasurer s office here, which enabled all the funds but one to close free from debt. That exception is the fund for aged and infirm minister#, which is $3,000 behind.
THE HELL ELEJîMü CO
Wo
i
Did it
to have boon on come off? Why didnt they^
TIME TABLE
LEAVE
HULL
LEAVE
HULL.
LEAVE
AYLMER
LEAVE
AYLMER
Slmslde Hotes
Mr. W. C. Young spent Easter Sunday in Shawville.
Mias H. M. Campbell spent Easter in Ottawa.
Mrs. Jas Burden, who has been very ill, ie recovering.
The patrons of Elmside cheese factory met last Tuesday to make arrangements for the coming season. Owing to the funeral of the late Mrs. John Cuthbert-»on, the meeting was rather small.
Mies H. M. Campbell paid a flying visit toQuyon last Thursday ; she also visited her brother on the Cth line.
Mrs. Ramsay, Bristol, spent a few days
visiting here last week.
Mies Nellie Baird, and brother Albert,
visited Shawville Friday.
Mr. R. Campbell went to A rnprior last Thursday morning, returning in the even-
1D The farmers are all busy at their plowing and seeding. A shower of rain would add greatly to their benefit.
A certain physician visited Ottawa a short time ago, and ordered a suit of fine
L. Dirt, Knowlton, Que
2 50 p m
7 00 AM
G 20 a m 2.38 i* M 7 00	| 3 03
3 15
7 40
Leiter’s Costly Tip.
3 40
8 20
3.28
7 40
0 00
4 05
3 53
8 20
The New York Journal has a story detailing how Joseph Letter, the Chicago wheat king, lost $750,000 in bolstering up the wheat market through a decline in one of his own tips. Leiter affects friendship tor Miss Nina Farrington, a footlight favorite, and he gave th s young lady “a straight tip" to sell May wheat oil March Nina, good naturedly, passed the word along to Miss Jeannette St. Clair, of New York, also an actress, whom she was anxious to befriend her friends, and her friends told their friends, and the knowledge became so widespread that when the 16th of March two million bushels of wheat were The market broke
4 30
9 25
4.18
9 00
9.50
4 55
4.43
9.38
10 15
10	40 11.05 11.30
11	55
12	20 p M 12 45
5 20
10 03	5 08
10 <8	5 33
10	53	¦¦¦
11	18	I 6.23
11	43	7.00
12	08	pm	740
12 33 I 8.20 12 58	9.00
5 45
6.10
5.58
6 30
7.00
7.40
16
8.20
1 10
9.00
1.36
9.40
1.23
Jeannette told
The remains of an infant, wrapped in a bloody cloth were recently found between the lumber piles near the canal bridge on Bank Street, Ottawa. They had evidently been there some months.
1020
11.00
11.40
2 00
1	48	10.20
2	13	11.00
2 25
Car* run dally. Sundays Included. Gloss connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
W. R. TAYLOfl.
came unloaded
thought it was Armour’# bear raid, and it cost him $750,000 to put the market up But Leiter and his actress friend
Leiter
Bushels of counterfeit five cent pieces are said to be in circulation iu Kingston. The coin# are well made and hard to detect.
again
are still on good terms.
Aylmer, 30th March, 1533.
###PAGE###6###
HEART DISEASE.
the price in Kruno* nnt thus realise might, decline to mix with a man who folkee declare to l>e easy enough- pro- |vcry |ai1gv prof LU indeed, 'llhia spee<xh | had made hl» fort une In hi» counting , viding one has plenty of money to j made Mademoiselle A are lie turn paler house.	,
Worthy M. Itlundareau was expect	spare.	j than ever, hut there was worn' In I	U-v	**	'	unllnued#
leg his future son in-law. Hector had	Although	Hector's appointment with	1 store four her, for at dessert Hector a»-
given throe month#' winning, winch -the Hlamtureau family was fixed for sumed a s.ntimntnl tone, «poke vf the bad l orn employed in making prepare-	dreary	autumnal	season Aurelia	. future an<l revealed wtbat he called "« he
I ions for his reception. M. Ulan lu i vau I Qij ^er firent s we re	still sojourning	' dream of Ilia life." die hoped, ha said
S'iV'ÎS: IXT ^^SïWJSS:	..y-...........
all the dïa wing-room furniture from I w:ftS thv XVork of M. iUa.mlar.au'a spare keep the looks and attend to the cor I	iromvaii i rro.imi.
Moon to ceding. When everything was time jp,	it his I onlKnmterre, 1 rcsixmdehee.	,	TT^nry *1. Rtimley, In his br*k,
n-edy he grew extremely imiattient ftntl ^ad spent throe years and half aj Just think, mademoiselle," he add ‘Through Eolith Africa,M Just pub-
by ;m txa? -“«a pa ta tssassssap - - •*,«•-* -
futur® hualwid arrived. Madame Lvedilingcakea. presenting a strange ! we are louud to make large profita. | Pi*#* lent of the Transvaal itepuMt
lUaudurvau on hor side was also no | intermingling of evory variety of ad-i far we shall have hardly any office ; "There is abundance of life and vl
little disturbed, giving herself up to loriimen It liosi I towers and battle- j expense* at all ¦¦¦
Aureliv made no reply. l»ut. in her
the best matchmaker
A TROUBLE NO LONGER REGARDED
AS INCURABLE*
mafter vi
S' r«d
Am ®ra»grvlllC lady H
gcrerrly Mpruk* of Hrr lllaeae Rid Telle ll<m Mise lew ml a I’ure.
PAUL KRUGER.
From the Run, Orangeville. Ont.
A remarkable case recently canto
under the notice of our reporter, and
be to eome of our to toll them
for vim Iwueflt it mapr readers, we are going about it. In the south ward of this town lives Mrs. John llubbard, a lady much esteemed by those who know her. Mrs. Hubbard has l>een a great sufferer from heart trouble, and ultimately Iwcauie so tied that it would not have surprised her friends to have heard of her death. But a change has come and she is once more rejoicing1 ‘o good health. When our reporter called upon Mrs llubbard and made his mission known she said she would be delighted to tell him of her "miraculous cure " as she styled it. "Oft course no one thought I would get letter, thought myeelf I could not last long, for at times it seemed as if* my heart wae going to burst. Oh, the dreadful sensations, the awful pains and weakness together with a peculiar feeling of distress, all warned me that my life danger. I consulted a doctor but he could do absolutely nothing for me. Mv friends saw me gradually sinking, and many an hour’s anxiety 1 caused them. My at length waned.my nerves were shattered ; I could not walk, for every step caused my heart to palpitate 'violently. It Is utterly impossible to fully deseriU* my condition. One day a friend brought me a box of Dr. Willi uns’ Vink Pills, and told me to
taJlty in the President, hut he is so choleric tint he is unable to brook any
Any expression suggest-
-	miment.
urious sensation of mingled nervous- luvnta w|flh an Italian peristyle and og« i	Al .
MX,._ ......	The cnly persons h ftl wjmluws. One corner was a kind uiuid she vowed to thwart all these el
in the house who seemed quite hr- |0f | nS|tr(i Gothic, and a few paces off ^ al orate plans.
" I sundry Doric columns unexpectedly |
H I
Be se and curiosity
<»p|»oHUion
Hector carried bis game *o far that him to be mistaken in his views or
policy rouse* his temper, the ibun-
al-capped turrets flanked a long ver-	was getting late the latter could not	di»>u.sguigU is mniltid. nnd tla righ
in such aa logird the house of plant-	in common decency avoid offering bis	arm swings powerfully » out, white
era in tto* Southern States. Roundabout	future son-in-law a room for the night	vh* e> vu be va «ne considerably buried
residences of this description are to be but he did not Insist on the point, for met with on all aides, and hhe capital his daughter was looking daggers at
_____| m ¦stout	little	guilts numerous amliitvots who	have	him.	Moreover	Hector	declared	that
witch short legs and	short	arms.	ma,te their fortune by ixwering its en	be had	an appointment	in	l'hiis early
|viroiis witlh similar fantastic horrors, the next morning, and could not con brigh/t eyes alone	To flatter the vx-oom miss ion merchant,	ventent ly remain at Ville d'Avruy. So
it happens that	the nrighlors colled his country seat	he took his leave and wan escorted by
i WanduToau’s Folly.” and it was not M. Bland area u as far as the garden If he	could	; undeserving of the name. Shone	and	gate.
..j ...e.. ............ 4e	h>rick work were mingled in its	con
ull affability,	listening	to	y<wi	with	a	Nations. At a little distance off it	talk it over another day .	tat Un unit breaks out into the strong,
pleasant	smile	an 1	answering	in	a	might indeed have been taken for a	An enamored suitor would mituially	mi,#tertul style which his friends say
srrtjax-ssru sr.M	srat	*. ....*•«-*»	-, -
mind and his politeness «vanishes at the estia empire loitering in its neighbor- delighted.	.	thirst ter, and whuh bis tiuus
salue	moment	He	becomes disagree-	hood. \ park of some little extent Ah! ah I" thought he I've settled call
ibk* and	ariogam; toe speaks in a pom-	surrounded it, and NT Blandureau hod	my l usinest liei e and now I must tavk-	THE	'HUMBUG	PORE.'
nous voice, refuses to l»e contradicted, originally wished tx> root up the old le the Englishman ¦ 1 generally assumes the o’ noxious trees and plant a variety of extdic an of a Lxmveitvd parvenu. M. Blan- shrubs but us this was opposed by dureau greatly suffers from spleen. Mademoiselle Aurelia, he had to fa l
¦¦
M Blandureau invariably compeU her Ulr, amid a proUmged rustle of si k,	mtHa Alhion in any attire or
to drive out in the carriage, with the her train effectively sw p g * P un(jer anv circumstances. Sir James footman and coachman arrayed in el as she walked a o:ig -	dZ scarcely spoke any French at all. and
gaudy liveries. Finally, she is ho in looked like a statue t g' . J	I pe xxas turning his tongue in his
timidated by Uhe. impertinent air and acended from its pedes ta .	i mouth trying to find some word or
tine superb garments of her own serv | "Ah ' ^r‘L11-VoU. Un ?.« other w hen He* tor opportunely raised ants that she scarcely dares to g five claimed M. Blandureau as aoun as he , hls<volcs
Uiem an order.	| perceived iher, and takinig io c e • •nBve j honor of speaking to Sir	"This is the man whom the Johan-
Made moi selle Aurelie is very differ- hand and	nee	James Wellesley ?" he asked.	nesburgers hope to weary with their [other category
Rhe is the true mistress of the ternaljy added: tome, a	' "Yes replied the baronet, in a cu!rt prayers and petitions, but they never
« 5 hÆ- d,d 1	„..d ,.u m..... um&, SuSVte «1? ;—*‘-f ^slTSS
many, for vain folks of tlbe middle to tell live truth,, Mademoiselle Auielie ter." resumed Hector, drawing from dense. ignor «nt, and impenetrable. 1 his to any but the densest ° l8< r; classes are 'habitually their children's retreated a few steps back and mado |	the missive which the o'd is the mm our new High Commis- he is acting—or walking—a part; t hut
slaves. You may divine Mademoiselle	a nwwi e 1 aloorate curtsey, wihaIe	priest had entrusted	to his	care	signer hopes to soften with his cul-	be is thinking constantly	of the length
Blandureau'ti character on hiking at	Lr fairly lowed to tibe g round,,	the	t<ir James took the	letter	and beg-	t u red letters and amiable allusions to
her Haughty and capricious, she is young lady bad just decided ill her own \ ging Hector to excuse him tore the en- the possibilities of restoring concord	.	, .,
only sensible to tlhe idiotic satisfav- mLnd bloat her intended husUind	did i	vej0|^ ojien. He read the nbbe's com-	in South Africa. I feel a reluctance	reach and leave the ground, or na
tions of vanity. She is not merely dig- not at all suit her*, and that	she wxmld	muni,-al ion at a glance for the priest	to sty it. but his labor will lie in vain,	apeed and of	the swing of the body,
nified. but positively stern. Her black have nothing to do with him while	fnken the precaution of writing This is the man to whom the accomp- ^ very characteristic is walking that
eves are as cold and as piercing aa Hector, despite his gal hunt smile, \n- ^im in English. The letter no doubt Its tied and lovable British agent at even the moat unobservant requires steel, and the only tears she has ever ! wardly mused :	'	spoke very favorably of Hector, for the Pretoria lias been sent with a view to unly to jjear three or four footfalls
sftied have lieen tethrs of anger. As for I "Hear me., i rum’t say I	like	this	| flronet'8 manner quite changed as he	obliterate the memory of Jumeson s	ln passage,	etc., without sieing the
her curt, harsh voice, it is yet moue | l ig. arix>gant-looking girl.	Fven	if 1	mastered its content . l ivening him-	raid, and smooth the way to a kindly , walker to be	absolutely assured of his
initie rious tlha.n her glance. Perhaps ! hud not previously decided to break self of his previous frigi fl:y be le- arne au*i humane inside rat ion of his coun- . individuality, if. of course, the walker fdhe loves her iHirents and at all events, off the match 1 should certainly do so p^Hte and even cordial inviting his try men's grievances, but he cannot | lH familiar to the listener, although she treats her mother like a now."	visitor to sit down a thing he never make any impression on an unimpress- z\nd how does character show itself
servant-maid, she is glad that her fa-	lie had come direct bo v Hie <1 Av	ray. xx ith people who were not properly	[ble n»ture like Kruger s.	in walking f We should	lie inclined to
tlher has amassed a large fortune. The	realizing that he rails' in common	pol-	ini rodu -ed to him.	After	an hour a	"It is evident that English people	Hiy "jn every way."	For example,
only thing she cann -L forgive him is iteness keep his appointment with M. labtnious conversation—liboi ions on h,ve wholly failed to understand this coui(f uno imagine a busy, alert crim-his name—that hateful, common, rid- Hlanlureau but on Lh 1 other band anx- a. CNunt of Sir lames ignorance of m in and that their ideal of n ‘goodish |nuj lawyer lolling along with a long, iciitous name of Blandureau ! That, ious to find some means of lompell- French and Hector s ignora» e of Eng- sort of mm kindly and a little old- heavy, laborious stride, or could one name indeed, has pois* ned her life, iug his chosen father-in-law to initiate ],sh the two young men were on the fashioned, a little slow perhaps, and imigine a lethargic, unambitious rou-Nlany and many a time did she regret |a rupture. ^Unfortunately he looked lest of terms together. Sir James in- stubborn alter the Dutch type,' never tjne |if,, living farm laborers pass it during her sojourn at the aristaera- straightforward and simple-unn lcd. formed his new friend that he was en- existed since Pretoria was founded. On a](>ng a street with a springy, alert, tic Convent of the Racred Heart, for and M Bianduireau delighJted in people paired to lie married, an.l inteivle.l (he contrary, the real Kruger is a Boer HOl[ve ftntj nervous tread t hvr companions, almost all of them Lf that character. But then there was , starting shortly for Touraine where M ichiavelli, astute and bigoted, oh- The cautious, suspicious man could daughters of t he. old nolulity. were fur , some compensation in the fact that Ma- his bride'» family expected him. If he situate as a mule, and remarkably opln- n(>t |KisfiLbly walk in the same manner ever ^turning it to ridicule. A girl I demoiselle Auirelie's tastes were vei y remained momentarily in Pu ris it w s ion-itml, vain and puffed up with the as the hail fellow well met, open hand-with such a n't me as Blandureau they different, and Hector congratulated j with the view of perfecting himself in lK>wer conferred on him. vindictive, i ®jK>rtsuian, neither could the walk aaid. could only have one hope in life j himself on the circumstance.	the French language so os to be able oovotous find always a Boer, which Df the dignified High Church clergy-
— that of lieing vhoecn \fj some ruined If 1 cannot manage to displeas* the to sjieak intelligently to bis I et roth- me;, ns a narrow-minded and obi use m;,n resemble that of the bustling, all nr»bleman to assist him in rcgilding his , father," he thought, “I shall certainly ed ; w he reunion Hector surmised that provincial of the illiterate type	there grocer bent on making himself
escutcheon. Aurelie was exasperated le able to sick, n the daughter and that such a result would take no little time	„ toiil„ naire.
bv her school-fellows’ raillery, and by will amount to the same thing.	to attain Sir .T imes next mentioned	The cowardly cannot walk as do the
wav of retaliation she made a most al>- Hector’s manners be it noted, were how lonely he found himself in aids	THE ENERGETIC CZAR.	fearless, the restless >t as the phleg-
sjjssxir;s.sfjsi!s	«.c,.... rcrisrar
euigrams and mock compliments.	I demoiselle Blandureau confounded sim- him in a rmxking manner. 1 he shop-	t [v monarch, for he goes ont every thing stronger to go on when they
:rr EâErEŒ
with her orders her father sent u	reg-	I tic manner an.l invarUhly i-reaerve a	' very	rtisai*pninte<1	indeed.	lish mile-in i>rder to keep himself ln I liiin «hen	nt. exercise	he	will	demon-
brjst	stsm. ,e srst**»	‘Wr-SArurs
stjsnszr* 2sr«'s r,,-T5;	%» «“ &.-K zts
gmmmmmm	wmm.............................. "
or rather ordered	him	bo remove	her	Lffain, and speculations with a won	re.nia	‘ will V#	friends	and	no mis	' hileon thi wh el i n l can I rmg dow n
from the convent.	Her	injunction	was	Uerful assumption of knowledge, al-	*?•"**"	*	^	u bird when going at a good speed
It is true thru Hector was not | argoes. freight aoA	' Then to cement this Impromptu
-¦“^-s-sscejs; sattwS6frfaiSB,iii
ing to worthy M Blandnrean taking roo 1 * are ho i • er, not to mention that
(erent to tàe coining visit was Made- |HUn(lry tkxrio columns unexpectedly I i----------------- — „ —
moi selle Aurelia, who displayed all tea Lnwmted themselves to view; while to at last lit) almost liegan to bore calmness that befits a former pupH I(x>mploto the medley a couple of conic- | worthy M. Blandureau Still
Convent the
reti Heart* wiiere young ladies are gal vanized, as it were, into a stale W pi op pr frigidity.
Every one knows the Blandureau fa mily. Paterfamilias
man, 'M.— ——1	„
His features are not deficient in unci
ligence. and his sly suffice to explain h
he has ma.nagcl to relive fwin I usines#
with au enormous fort un >. only forget that fortune of his
• oven Still as it
an
I
under the upper eyelids. I suppose, from the photograph of him now on s.le at Pretoria, which represents his eyes looking upward, lie.fancies this
He receives
IK II
to lie the impressive gaze a stranger with the air of a pedagogue about to impress his new pupil, an^l wheu shall we fix I methodirallv starts to inculcate the
;>\v
was in
Well." said he
them but I sa Id there was no use— they cotild do no benefactor replied not they at least could do no harm, so to please her I took the l>ox of pills. Tlien I procured another lx>x and began to feel that they were doing me good. I took in all eight boxes snd now I fed strong and hearty, each day doing my housework without fatigue
For anyone who suffers from weakness of the heart, I delie ve there is no remedy so sure or that will bring such sneedy results as Dr. Williams* Pink Till used these wonderful pills at first would have lieen intense suffering.
h«»e« the experience of scores of
u*
good. To this my that if they did
If by the latter U meant the repetition of stale platitudes, and the reiteration of promises which will never be c arried out, 1 fear 1 must agree with

CHAPTER VII
the
"ih.tt so many people should have united in singing this man's praises can only lx* accounted for by the fact
or weariness
Had I on1

political or pecuniary, to serve, otWr-wlse bow is it that his 'greatness' sole-
snared months of Mrs. Hubbard hut
re-e<
sufferers, and what she says should lulng hope to many who imagine there is no relief for them In this world. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved lives than we will ever know of.
Many a mickle
more
CHARACTER IN GAIT.
ImUtHtnHlIly I* lery l*r«np»iuceil In • ilHw'* Noilf of Walking.
He appears to know absolutely nothing outside of burgliertlom ; he has neither manners nor taste ; hi# only literature we ma to lie limited to the Bible and a few treaties and documents about the Republic; he has no intrinsic excellence of character that should appeal to the admiration of the public, but wh it he does know he knows well.
"He knows the simplicity ot his rude and bearded brethren of the xeld ; he can play upon their fears and their creed with perfect effo t and It is in the nature of his ill-conditioned per- ; "knack" and peculiar talent, a most
aim ilily to say no.' All the rest has characteristic signature can be so India lien to him because be is so stubborn s<> unyielding, and others so vacillai in g and
Experts sny t hat handwriting never varies in its essence—that is. that I its true characteristics are always pre-
when one attempts to
But
He looked
served, even
Imitate the writing of another still we knoxv that forgeries sufflcient-
i
|y clever to bewilder handxvriling experts have been perpetrated, and it is also certain that
granted a certain
ta ted as to defy anything more than
of the committal of
grave suspicion
a forgery.
Walking, hoxxncver, comes under anNo one can imitate
SO PITIFULLY WEAK
dher's walk for more than two or
ent
an
of hi# stride, of the way the foot should

O
A WEIGH OUT OF IT.
Flynn—Wot’ll I do? This xvelghin' machine goes only up to two hundred, and I weigh nearly three ?
Mr. Flynn—Git eu twice, Biddy, an' add up the totals.
Mrs
NEW BURGLAR ALARM
marnag riddii
8ME WAS WILLING
Wife, suddenly awakening—Hark l
Fido
of
ng
We’ve got to economize, said M».Gargoyle to his wife.
Very well, replied the good woman, cheerfully. You shave yourself and I'll
Horrors 1 What’s the matter t is 'way dowa stairs, yelping, as If he 'heurt. What’s hastened to the.
name
a nobleman but his patronymic ha a sonorous ring; an 1 1 «sides, she in I mg and many tended to persuade trim to assume the He had, he suddenly declared, s aristocratie prefix "de." and perhaps i,ril liant idea wfotob ho intended U> pu. ersti to pun *ase a title, which some I into execution as sotn as he was mar
ist
were
little desr t	*	1
Hu»l*nd—4 Uiiiew him at a burglar; cut your hair.
(

1
###PAGE###7###
T

?
\
NEWS OF MERRY ENDUED
come very Led, Fruit, too, In apt to be infested, and to serve as a means of transportation. Left to themselves, the bugs cannot spread much. I be female in wingless, and, after becoming fixed, cannot move are not able to crawl far able insect Is found in Australia,Chile and Hawaii. In all likelihood it was Introduced into the United Slates from Chile. It Is said to have reach'd California first In 1>7>. The name bestowed upon it comes from the f&ct that II first a ; e a red conspii uous'y in tlie San Jose Valley, California. Ï3y lh7d it bad I* come a serious pest in that region and from 11 at time on if spread r d ly northward and eastward. In th<* l ast it w a4 lif i discovered in 189&. at Cliarlotteville, Vs
THE SAN JOSE SCALE
to 1)6 remembered In pruning is, that all the fruit U made on wood which grew during the previous year, and enough of this should always be left to bear a full crop. Prune early in winter to avoid bleeding. Cut back the bearing shoots to from two to four joints, according to the number of them on each vine. As no very ez-
THE FARM. .
I
INTERESTING READING BROUGHT
BY THE MAIL
EXTENT OF THIS INSECT'S RAVAGES
IN THE STATES.
THH DAIRY COW
'Due young on a Tills a bom in
We must all recognize the fact that the cow U the foundation of the dairy. She I» the machine with which ihe dairyman doe» hll work. The machine by which ho produce» milk and butter She takes the raw materials—the. hay
lire*»»? Vale» fr«m llwny Polnti In Ihe Tin hi Mule Island - Hallers ml Mure 1 Iuiii ramming Inleresl.
Henry Whit marsh, of Kidderminster, died in a < ah, while driving from (Tannock to Kidderminster.
The Karl of Zetland has contributed
£1,000 toward» the cost of rebuilding
tlue tower of Halt,burn parish church
Lord Roberts has consented to I
come a vice president of the Cabdrlr-He ne vident As o iation 15 Soho square, London, W.
W. J. Barnes, chief clerk and storekeeper. Northallerton prison, has been
appointed by the prison commissioner» govenor of H M prL on Carmarthen#
E. Price. Q.C., Recorder of York, who
hai hold the office since 1806, and I»
in- his 801 h year, has announced his resignation in his charge to the grand
jury*
Aid. Tucker, of Brldporfc, who died at t he age of 95, w as In hi» loyhood rowod
ou't to the Bellerophon in torI*ay and saw Napoleon walking on the quarterdeck.
A find of quicksilver is reported from Swanwhk near Net ley. The discovery
has caused much intere t. Hampshire being practically free from metallic deposit».
Anonymous donations of £10000 and
£5 000 la\e been made for the erection
and maintenance of a new physical 1 boratory at Ov\ens College Manchesv-
The Peel He* Inf>*lr<l Twritly Stuff* -Ch*meter 1*1 If* «#d method* of ihr ling — Method* for II» Ilf*1 ruction Mu*l »»**
Out — Fncwlf*
As no very explicit direct .ions cun lie given for pruning in all cases, every grower must exercise his own intelligent judgment
HHH	In I he	matter. Il	I-mea have be
corn, oat»,	win, ©to.,	and convert»	nmui as	directed, a	shovelful of wood
them Into	the finished	product.	Of	inUts to the vine every year or two
cours» she	la more than a me re	ma- | w f * * l>€>	sufficient,	fertilizing ; other-
wise fertilize as needed, makin I hat enough potash am! lire used.
Pcrelmlf nlly lurried Whirls Prey Wjnhi ii.
The United States Agricultural Department has just issued a bulletin on tlue San Jose scale in 1806-1/7, prepared by Entomologist L. O. Howards It is of much interest at this time in view of the recent edict of the German Government the legislation of the Canadian Parliament, prohibiting the importation of living plants, fruits, etc., because of the alleged discovery of scale on pears snipped from ( a ifornia. In the light of what we now know, the bulletin says, our agricultural knowledge of the distribution of the s ale in the East in the autumn of 1895 was cotni aratively slight. It was then reported as occurring in twenty States, but in cony aratively few localities in ea h, with the single exception of New Jersey. In 1890*97 actual field inspection in Virginia, Maryland', Illinois, Ohio, Georgia and several other* showed that in these Slates the insect was nearly as widespread as in New Jersey, while twelve Slat s and the District of Columbia have been added to the number containing infested p ants. The condition in over thirty Slates and Territories are then given, some of the more Important l/eing as follows:
California—In this State the insect is or has been gene r a I y distributed. The conditions of c i in ate some-
1 m id, making sure (I phosphoric acid
HI H Cull i. at O sufficiently often and thoroughly to keep the soil mellow and free from weeds.
chin© as she reproduces her kind as well as sustains her life from these functions, her Value is con
Hut aside
1 he
|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||[[|||||||||!' i n i
piaguo has extended alarmingly, and it Is now found in many localities in nearby all of the Easter States. Fortunately, the male-hug has insect enemies which prey,upon it—notably, a kind of beetle. These are being encouraged in Ca’ifornia, and seem to he redu' ing its numbers tlue re. in Florida^ recently has been discovered a pecu iar fungus, which attacks it as a disease. Washes of kerosene and other substances are employed as destroying agents. Hut
lie effective unless per
era
fined to her powefr to manufacture milk. This being the case, the dairyman In «electing a cow is concerned in the «election of an animal which
SUCCESS WITH CURRANTS
Prolificacy, «Iz© and quality of fruit productive I are dependent upon generous fertlliza-The manufacturer in select- tIon of the moll when the plants are
l/i most efficient in this
Ing machinery for his factory chooses I wt and more upon frequent applicant beet adapted for the Intended 11Ions after they begin to bear. Under
favorable condition» the currant Is a
Economy	r e |ll|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
¦¦that machine | vigorous grower, and of course needs
Its root# are
no
work
the qualities desired
which will produce the most	and beet	I	a large supply of food
work with the lea*t waste of	fuel and	|	«nail and fibrous, so fertilisers should
energy. The farmer or dairyman la applied generously, directly and at tut truly a manufacturer as the man I least annually, lb* neglect to yearmaking cloth, tools or clothing. Hi» 'T ^res., the hushes after of hearing farm I» his factory and his	cow hie	“8« •» the reason many fail to	succeed
machinery by which he works the raw	in the Cultivation of this fruit.	These
material of his farm Into milk, butter. | annual dressings nea d not be large but
should he applied about the roots of
the bûches find always in the fall he-
rn easures ran sistcntly carried out, and it is believed that the pest can never be exterminated wholly in badly infested places.
FABRIC'S NAMES TRANSLATED.
Many of our fabrics and dress goods have French names—and we use them without much idea that they originally bad any meaning.
Armure is a material woven so that the cloth bus the effect of lieing wov-with small seeds on the thread.
Barre refers to a fabric crossed by l>ars of a contrasting color.
Bayadere cornea from the dancing girls of the East, whose garments are made of stuff crossed from selvage to selvage with stripes, and when worn with stripes appear to run around the
body.	1
Beige—Comf>osed of yarn in wiblcb
two colors are mixed.
Boucle—A fabric having a marked curl or loop in the yarn thrown to the surface. Boucle, is
The same principles gov
or cheese
erning the selection of machinery in
the factory, should govern the selec- I f(>re 1h® ground freezes.
tion of hia cows. H« wants, for the | Any well rotted manure will be bene-
flcial, also the addition of wood ashes,
or chemical fertilizer. An
en
economical production of milk, the cow that will produce the greater profit | l>ene-meai
that will produce the most application of nitrate of soda in April
fn when the leaves are coming out, say
er
Robt. Tweedy, one of the beet known
in Cornwall, died at Tru.ro, at the
age of 91. He was a Uink manager, 1 formerly chairman of the Cornwall
railway.
Sir. W. Harcourt was recently reelected president of the Home Counties
division of the National LU«ral Federation at the annual meeting, held at Brighton.
Lord Wenlock on March 1, introduo to the president of the Board of
Agriculture a deputation of farmers, who asked for a uniform weight in the sal© of corn.
At Lewes, on March 1, Henry Wadey. a lincensed victualler of Lewes, was
«entended to a months' hard lalor for ill-treating a jH.ny by withholding proper food from it.
T. A. Wilson, goods manager for the North-eastern Railway at Newoastle-
on-Tyne. has I>een appointed general manager of the Highland Railway, in succession to C. Steel.
Captain G. R. Tod. 1st Seaforth Highlanders
Captain T. G. Glynn, Kings'», Liverpool. regiment, as ail jutant of the London Rifle Brigade.
The London Hospital has received from the governor and directors of the
Hank of England a donation of £500 in response to a special appeal in aid of the maintenance fund.
On March 1. Fred Cole, for twenty-five years chief inspector under the
Swansea United School Board, died suddenly while riding in a tram< ar. He was sixty-five years of age.
The London & Brighton Railway Co., has leen fined £10 and costs at Brighter crowding ninety sheep into two vans in suubi a way as to cause them unnecessary suffering.
H. A. Flicker, of Folkestone has 1 een a[>{M>inted Leeds city organist, in the
pla e of the late Dr. Spark, who had filled the post since the opening of the town hall by the Queen in 1858.
Jessie Elizabeth Evans at the Liverpool assizes, recently recovered £250
damages for the loss of her husband, •who was killed while passing a warehouse by a box falling from a sling.
—the cow
l»est milk at the	(III IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII N
other words, the cow especially adapt- 150 11» per acre, and the same amount
".L'XlsiS ss	. «» « ——-	-- •-
of a double pur%)ose co\V La giving way would 1» a small handful to each hill, be destroyed by a fungus dis* ase, but
before the demands of more scientific, sprinkled about the hushes a little dis- neglected aiul improperly sprayed or-
methods of farming, although she hi ill tance from the stalk». An examina- chjRrds exhibit trees in as had condition has earnest adherent*. Not but they tion of the root system of this plant admit that the special beef animal will will convince one of the necessity or produce more and cheaper heef, and frequent applications of fertilizing the special dairy cow will produce but- elements to insure good crops of fruit, ter at a leas cost than the general pur- The roots grow in a limited space and
cow, the claim lieing t liât there largely near the surface, hence, bain Is greater profits from combining the manure applied in the fall affords pro-two. We suppose the adherents to lection against frost, while the inin this Idea would advocate the use of and melting snow carry the soluble the old-fashioned combined reaper elements into the soil, where they aie and mower for grain and grass. The appropriated by the roots w hen grow t n reaper with the rake or dropper would commences in early spring, not be ns efficient in the field as the The prevalence of the gooseberry improved self-binder, nor the mower saw-fly larvae is looked upon by many as economical in time and horse pow- as a serious drawback in the currant er as the ball-bearing mower of pres- and gooseberry culture. If looked aient date; nevertheless one machine 1er from the time the loaves begin to could lie used for both purposes. Any develop up to the loth of June, it can up-to-date farmer would scoff at the he readily controlled. Use white be le-Idea of such a machine on his farm, boro as an insecticide. Dual on tne yet the same man will cling to the no- bushes when damp or apply a spiay. ilon that the double purpose cow is the mixing one ounce of the hciie >oie moot profitable. And why Î Simply with a pail of water. I ans green is because in the one case the advantage more effective, a level teaspooiuul to of the social machine is easily ap- a pail of water being sufficient. 1 his parent, while in the other case he has may be used early in the season am not taken the trouble to know, through the hellebore later, if found necessary investigation, the value of one cow to spray after June 10. A later uooc over another. But the successful of insects appears usually after the dairyman of the future is going to fruit is picked, which should w les he driven to a more intimate know- troyed to prevent defoliation or the ige of his cows. He will he com- plants and subsequent injury of he relied to exercise the most careful following year's crop of fruit.
Judgment In selecting a cow that will produce butter at the greatest net profit. Loose and indifferent methods la all departments of farming mqst he supplanted by the intelligent ap-l
plication of the most approved tools for power over the hearts of uien,from and methods. Dairying is no excep- Cleopatra to "Helen down, were nearer tion. The .Iniryman of the future w than 20 lvbeD Bt tbe zenith of their must of necessity, we predict, manufacture his butter with a special dairy Power cow
men
an
as «an be found in any of the orchards of New Jersey or Maryland.
Maryland — More actual seems to have been done in this Stat than in almost any other has been treated in sixteen counties.
Illinois.—The scale was nut known to exist In this State in November, '93, Lut Prof. Forbes has found twenty-two co,unies in nineteen different localities situated in eleven counties.
whirh is
damage
ed
French for curl.
1 to u rot ter-This puts a lump instead
The word
The scale
of a curl on the surface comes from tourer—to stuff. Carreau—The same as checks
car
reaux meaning squares.
Chene— A printed effect.
Crepon—A crepe or crinkled effect.
Damasse—A figured fa ric, showing a contrast in luster lietween the groundwork and the figure. W e have the acme Idea carried out in damask
linon.	.
Drap d*Eté— An all-wool fabric with a twilled face and broadcloth back, woven as a twill and finished as abroad-cloth, with th“ gloss showing on the
nut known
to be infested in 1895, has been found to have a number of infested localities in
Michigan.—This State
the southern ha f.
New Jersey.—In his last bulletin Prof. Smith states that all efforts to exterminate the insect sea e must he abandoned, in 1895 the scaie was wide-	¦	¦
spread and since thnt time the situa- l>ack of the fabric
tion has not become perceptibly better. Drap de Paris—A twilled armure, n A list of fifty-five fruit and shade trees the weaving the seed-:ike effects are and ornamental shrubs affected by the given a twill effect as in a serge, pest is given. Considerable space is	Etamine—Open work effect,
devoted to a discussion of the remedies	Frieae.—A fabric in which the pi e
suggested to kill the pest.	stands up from the surface in uncut
THE BUG AND ITS RAVAGES.	^0PSj0YriT^ * ^	^
The San Jose sca’e insect has been Gloria is a silk and wool material, for some time past a very serious cause Jacquard—A weave called after its of worry to fruit growers; Almost mi- jnventoI.f ln which every warp thread croscopic In size, the ' pernicious pan ^ mad«, to move independently of _ as It is otherwise- called, is at-	other, intricate figures lieing this
tacking the fruit orchards and fruit [)r0(luc4îd All such complex figured fa patchee in nearly a score of States, and t>rjca are c|ai3€Ki under the broad name destroying them as effectually as if the ^ Jacquards.
fruit-producing districts were overrun Matelasse—A fabric whose face is by fire. The bug in question has a broken into rectangular figures and very curious life history. 1 he male, ffed up ^ ^ to resemble quilting.
in its perfect state, is fly like!, with two Matelasse may lient be translated as wings and long feelers; his eyes are tufted.
purple and his wings iridescent with Melange (literally, mixed) —A fabric yellow and green. His existence in this rodu/Ced frnm varn that has lieen
form only lasts a few hours, at the end ejther printed in the wool or dyed of of which he dies. 1 he rest of the Lo (yfferent colors and mixed together days of his lifetime l* spent -beneath, a	being ai>un.
waxy scale, formed on the tree-bark Sat$n Berlier—A satin-faced wool fa-from a secretion exuded from lus body. bric xvitH a wooi back It is the same w ith the fema'e, save Qne of finlslu rather than of weave, that she never assumes wings. XN hen Satin Soeil-A satin-faced armure fa-she is atiouit 35 days old the female brlc WOV€n ^ith a ribbed effect, begins to give birth to young ones. 1 he	Sicilian —A p ain-weave fabric com-
atter are not produced from eggs, but Qaed of a cotton warp and mohair fill-
The baby insect forces j with the filling threads less twist-itself out from beneath its mothers ^ and broader on the surface than protecting sca'e an 1 runs about over -n ular mohair, the bark of the treci until it finds a Twill—A raised cord running in a suitable place to settle. When the diagonaj direction in the fabric from eacaiies. proper spot is found, the infant hug in-	to r|gbt ^ny fabric w ith this Earl Cow per, the Earl of Clarendon,
serfs through the bark its long,bristle-	weave mav ** railed a twill. Tlue num-	Baron Dimsdale.	Sir	George	Faudei-
like sucking beak, then it proceeds to	|w q( twf||a to the inch in cashmere,	phi|li	and	Mr.	Walter	Rothschild
suck. I he insect all its life, long, is a and other standard fabrics is often us-	1}een	re-elected	members of
a tree together, the latter muat sue- ^ mnl,)0se(1 lnd ^ing it without any cumb before long, as a man would do if	d to order or design,
lie were exposed, bound and helpless, to zibeline — A wool material used in the combined assaults of myriads of	. nitatioil 0f gable fur. It has on the
mosquitoes The new born hug is	fa(je lo balrs that give it a fur-like
orange yellow, with an oval body and	a.)pearancei and may he produced in
six legs. As soon as it has settled	a% waya but all give the same
down to suck, the scale which is to	diaDnuuisbing feature—a "camel’s-
serve it as a protective covering begins . , „ fabr;? to develop. White waxy threads spring from a’l parts of its body, and become rapidly more numerous and dens* until within two days the insect is con-cea'ed by the characteristic pale,grayish shell.	•
has been selected to succeed
as w e
led
WHEN MOST BEAUTIFUI
When 30 years of age woman is most fascinating. All the women famous
sca'e
on
Dal
At a literary salon in Paris zac was once asked by a pretty little
of 17 why it was he liked men she would call passe sieur, even when they are as old as 40 you seem to enjoy their society 1" Balzac looked at her earnestly for a second and then laughed heartily. He bent over to explain matters and remarked in a serious voice as though weighing every word he «aid : "Per-good top soil and pulverize it as well haï» the secret lies in the simple fact
One-year-old vines from that the woman of 20 most l>e pleased,
While the woman of 40 tries to please,
.	4|	,	- , .	, and the older woman’s power consists,
The planting should I» nQt M has |)een H0 often said, in underdone as much as possible with *he | standing and making the most of her
- charms, Imt in comprehending and with happy tact calling out and mak-.	.	, ,	,	,-	. , , ,	.	, ing the most of the good qualities of
closely w ith good soil which is fine and man whose favor she seeks.”
mellow. At planting. Clt the vine There is no doubt that a man always back to two buds immediately above the admires a clever woman, yet he'enjoys
o, ib. original en,,!.,. «.U. ...	^
growth will start from very near the courae aP the men like lieing enter-ground. When the buds are well start- tained for awhile by a well-informed
vine, which should lie kept tied up. as | jg entertaining the well-informed wo-lt lengthens, to a five-foot stake set at the time of planting.
It is best to trellis-at once
wo-
miss
PLANTING AND CARING FCR
GRAPEVINES.
Why, mon
Plant vines eight feet apart each Run rows north and south. Dig holes 18 inches square, and at least 15 inches deep. If to be had. put five to eight pounds of old bones in the bottom of each hole, fill the holes w ith
way
The effect is
The banks of the Rennet and Avon.
canal at Mur hill, a few miles above
Bath, collapsed on Feb. 28, and vast floods of water inured over the adjacent fields, some men having narrow
are born a ive
as possible cuttings are best, but those two years old will do
hands. Place the roots in their natural position, and fill around them
own
Colonel G. B. Malleson died on the
1st Inst., at his residence, 27 Cromwell
read, ixjndon and was the author of “The French In India..'* and a “History of the Indnn Mutiny," in continuation of Sir John Kaye's Sepoy War."
The Board of Trade has awarded a
He was born in 1&25
man.
W The woman a man if always the smartest or most brilliant.
! No, indeed. A pair of brown, sympa-work is pressing this may I» deferred ^l»etic eyes, a sweet voice, will do away
till summer or fall. The horizontal with all the logic and philosophy a trellis .is recommended. In making it, man's brain has ever entertained. Of the poets are set 16 feet apart. Saw course the woman must have the happy tone off square five or six feet from knack of discovering what subject the the ground. A cross piece of 2 x 4 two man talks about best. Then she must feet long is laid on the top of each post, listen quietly,and in an interested man-and securely nailed at right angles to ner. Perhaps it would I** a good sug-the direction of the row. Three No. gestion for to draw Him out with MD-12 galvanized wires are stapled to py queries until he is astonished at his these erne/ pieces, one directly over own brilliancy.
the poet, and the others one inch from	p>uke of Connaught and the exe-
the ends of the cross-pieces. When the . officers have decided to aban-
mmm mmm
all three of the wires with healthy tion afloat.
lies ring canes or vines.	At the Chamlber of Commerce at
Very little summer pruning is done Nortjywich, on March 21, the president
lEHü mmm
The important points
likes l>est is not
piece of silver plate to Richard Nier-
ich master of the German «steamship Aller, of Bremen,, in recognition of bis humanity to the crew of the Dago, of Sun 1er land abandoned in the Atlantic
on January 17
Sylvester Samuel, who was to have
contested Central Hackney in company
with T. B. Westacott in the Moderate interests, died on Feb. 27. Mr. Samuel well-known mender of the Jew-
AN ENGLISH ORDER.
England has requested a bid from
a Missouri packing establishment for furnishing 750.000 pounds of canned meats for the British Army in India.
THE SCALE
is formed by the slow melting together of the filaments of wax. Eventually the ma'es issue from beneath their
the winged form described. It is estimated that a single female w have 3,216.000,000 descendants in a single season,and under favorable conditions a large proportion of this enormous number will actually survive. The bugs occupy all parts of the infested plant-trunk, limbs, twigs, leaves and fruit. One of the chief difficulties In connection with this insect peat has to do with the ways in which It Is distributed and carried to previously uninfested localities. Young fruit trees grown in nurseries and shipped all over the country are apt to convey It. Being very small individually, the scalps are not likely to be observed until the infestation has I*
HE’S SAFE
Why, Tommy, said the good lady of the house to the little boy of a neighbor you're eating the last piece of h whole mince pie. I don’t begrudge you that, but I’m afraid it’ll make you
'^hain’t skeert. My folks Is Chris tian Science. ’
stages in
was a iah) community.
The marriage took place on March
ma
3rd. at St. George’s. Hanover square.
London, of W. Percival Miller, of Thistle tom Lancashire, and Miss Norah Quitter, younger daughter of Sir \V. C. Quilter, M.P.
On March 1„ at Christi’, London, a, collection of engravings was sold, one
of which, “Mrs. Pelham Feeding the Chicken».’’ after Sir Joshua Reynolds bv W. Dickenson, the property of a nobleman. fetched 420 guineas, a record. price.
now
IABELEDl
He—Winkle isn’t even friends with the girl who broke off her engagement with him. ie he f i
She—Oh. no. When she sent hack the ring by registered post she labeled it Glass, with care.
lion
are removed
###PAGE###8###
i

<
CHEAP SALE.
Hon. Sydney Fisher is booked to »d-North Renfrew Farmer'» 1 neti-
Killed the Bill.
Tenders Wanted.
dress the
On Wednesday last the railway com-1 tute on April 20th nut tee of the House of Commons killed , Qana(ja ;a ,a|j |0
Bank Street, Ottawa. The vote stood (iO Joe O'Meara, the well known lacrosse against to 36 for.	man, killed John Clifford aged 76,
The Journal give, the following report of Ap.il 10th. by «Inking him on the head the discussion which took place on the with a bottle.
measure before the vote was taken Mr. The new act which goes into force on Lash, who appeared in the interests of May let, will have the effect of cutting off the bill, said that the applicants wanted a ttl)uUt 150 ij<lUor licensee in the towns and charter to build abridge across the < ifctawa cities of Ontario.
üilBihüêiP
was a charter.	\ new method of using coal oil for fuel
The opposition to the bridge came from has been exhibited in Montreal for the the Inierproviucial Bridge Company. |)ai^ fow weeks. The appliance is not The only real objection which the Inter-1 costly and can be attached to any kind of provincial Bridge Company could take 8tove or furnace. Sufficient heat for against the construction of the new bridge cooking purposes In a large kitchen range was that a competition was 10 ensue be- can be supplied at a cost of one cent per
and the Bank street bridge. | hour for coal oil.
Now the Bank street bridge was not go	. .
ing to carry steam cars, which the other The Letellier Club of Montreal has re was. The new bridge was to carry foot fused to expel the anti Tarte agitators passengers and bicyclists with their wheels from its membership, and one of the out tree. A toll was to bo charged on vehh conies is the election to the presidency of cles and cars. From the report of the the organization of an anti-Tarte leader, city council, granting $150,000 bonus to Tho Tarte fence is evidently not strong 1 the Nepean Point bridge, he showed enough to keep out the kicking steers and that the company were bound to carry they may soon be feeding in tha Tarte | street cars free, so that there could be no | pasture .—Gazette
compétition with the new bridge in this j Latest reporta from the Indian frontier respect. This report was modified y say the hostile Afridis of last summer agreement granting the bonus afterwards haye écorne friendly. Their work dur-by the words that cars were to e run on .	campaign caused a good deal of
such terms aa city council might «detei mourning in England. The British sold-mine. The present city counci o t aw» jer#» wor^ caused much grief too in Afridi had looked into this matter and passe* » Guinea. In queer India some lasting nat resolution stating that no bonus wou 1 I |onaj friendsnipe have been built on as
have been given by the city o 1	1 unpromising beginnings,
it wae understood that tolls would be 1	1	h *
collected 011 cars, vehicles and passengers.
Mr. Bee me r never pretended to say that
tU 1Mtt That being‘the case, there could I MJ.	'm rlL fJ«“ SSSdSt
between the two of that place, lost her finger nails through
a severe atiMck of salt rheum. Nothing seemed to do her any good Mil she com-Mr Soroule wanted to know if it were menced taking Burdock Blood Bitters, with
not possible that thia company w as ask g I Rnd her finger nails gradually grew on
tor a charter merely for the purpose of | again.
Nepean Point bridge or to sell out to them.
That was a matter which would help to assist the committee if it were explained.
Mr. Poupore—1 will explain that at once. Everybody who knows the
who are applying for this charter know ,	¦ j
veiy well that they are well able to carry li111 Til 1 uU^Ô 1 out the work, having funds of their own 1 ¦ *** *** w w
to do so
the Nepean Point bridge would nut say
____	I anything to the contrary. If he thought
jf you require a Hair Cut or Shave, you I that the new bridge was going to kill tho are guaranteed satisfaction at the Sbawville internrovincial one, he would not vote Hair Dressing Parlour.	I fur it. There are parties who are inter-
Stîonfor from Vsm^ents1.411	| Electric Kiiw^ywanîed ïwme hito
Ottawa last year the members of the com-„ _ _3Pn%we	, inittee said that they should build a
JOHN SituCITHs ! bridge of their own. Now that this was
about to be done, it would not be fair to oppose the project.
Mr. Blair—Would it not interfere with the financing of the Nepean Point
Business College, budge”
0	Mr. Poup->re:M	¦¦¦¦
(Established IVi years.) | $300,000 in bonuses, and if they are not
to	then he
h-i would be willing to take a hold 1 f it and get the funds in 24 hours.
Sir Charles Tapper said that he sup-p ,rted the Nepean Point bridge when in office. Now he was out of office and lie w ould continue to do so. lie would keep his pledge. The present government also pledged to tho Interorovincial bridge.
It would not be in the general interests to give a charter on the grounds of com petition to kill cfl*another enterprise.”
Mr. Poupore—The granting', of the charter will nut take away anything from the Nepean Point bridge.
Mr. Beemer said that it was never in tended to carry street cars free over hit bridge. Tolls would be charged.
Sir Adolphe Caron asked for the opi .. of the law < fficers of the crown.
Mr. Fitzpatrick said that the law offi of the Crown had no opinion as such.
He, however, had an opinion of his He gave this opinion which was in opposition to the Bank Street bridge, and m favor of the Nepean Point bridge.
SEALED TENDERS addressed to the un-deittignt-d will oe received up to alx o'cUx k p. m. on Wednesday, April 27ih, for tbe cnre-tHkmg ol St. Paul’s church, sped Meal lou of tin work to be oer formed may be keen at the store of J. H. Shaw.
The lowest or any tender not uecesKailly accepted
have good prospecte rufitable barley trade
A large and well assorted stock
.... consisting of....
All lines of General Merchandise
Oil
Wm A. HO DO INS
J. H SHAW
Churchwardens
WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY etc. etc.
WILL BE OFFERED FOR


g^
V
%
At a Cheap Clearing Sale to begin on
THURSDAY, APRIL 21st,
and to continue for FIVE WEEKS ON LA.
A complete stock of the above always on hand at
ille.
Main St. • - Sha
REPA1KISU A SPECIALTY.
een it
Bargains
To all those who are
anxious to obtain.
GIVE THIS ADVICE:—
Call and ask our prices and satisfy yourselves that the offer I make is genuine.
REMEMBER-the Sale will last for Five Weeks only. Those who come first will get the advantage of the best selection.
9S
•r-
Arthur Smilev,
Undertaker, Enibnîiner and Funeral Director S1L1WVIL1.E - - QUE.
i
— — I O
All. ORDERS WILL KBVKIVK PERSONAL Arris TION ASP sATISFACIION OVARANTKLI».
Telephone No. 3.
—---------là.
Shawville
Sash aad Poor Factory.
McCreflie & Mm, Proprietors.
Finger Nails Came Off.
PAUL MoNALLY
p >se
bo i) <3 cuir petition * I bnugei.
poor». Moulding», Blinds, etc mauutactu cd to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnish'd.
Feed aud Provender Ground.
S ixshes
CAMPBELL’S BAY.
?
CAUTION.
SHAW VILLE
Having secured from the Cornwall and Montreal Hen-eriee some choice White Wyandotte#,
??
men
Hair Dressing Parlor
The undersigned hereby forbids any person or persons from trespassing In any whatever on Lot North West Half the 12th range of the Township of Clarendon
y parties found so doing after this date, ho allow their cattle to roam over the said premises, will be prosecuted as the law directs
manner of 17 In
ECCS
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Plymouth Rocks and Brown Leghorn#, I am prepared to furnish Eggs for hatching-13 for 8100. R. MITCHELL,
Shawville.

An
The men who arc supporting
MAIN ST., - - SHAWVILLE
or w
Furniture Furniture
JOHN KNIPE, Owner,
Thome Township
5
3i
March 7th, 1698
FROST & WOODS
i
Harvesting and Fanning Implement Depot
TRY my Hair Tonic
good quality and of all styles at
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
Ottawa
Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.
:o
They have got over
Having been appointed agents by this firm for this vicinity we wish to respectfully draw the attention of the farmers to the following stock, which can be seen at all times in our show rooms at Shawville ;
Mowers
You cannot make a mistake In attending this college. Wo teach business as It is done in Hie business world. Remember there Is only one Ottawa Business College ai ri it Is THE Hu si ness and snort hand Training School of Eastern Ontario. Remember we are affiliated with the Business Educators' Association of Canada. mid each graduate gets the Association Diploma. Write for particulars to
mvn w
?
Disc
JAMES MCARTHUR
The only Disc with pole adjustment for No 8 Tubular Mower, roller bearings, three horses, and device for keeping steel knife-head,	sera ted guard
sections level with tongue at any	plates, and smooth guard bar.
angle. Improved dust proof	Call and see it,
ball bearings.
J
war
SHAWVILLE.
JOHN KEITH, Principal, 148-154$ Bank St., Ottawa
?
Seeders
Binders
Shawville
Broad Cast Seeders and Fertilizers with now method of attaching hopper under frame.
Canvas Binder with improved roller and ball bearings, light and easy to work.
LIVERY.
PAIN IN THE HEART.
Plows
Rakes
From No. 3 to 30, lee or stubble.
Improved hand dump, steel wheels
Too serious a condition to
neglect
A Guelph harness maker tells how he was cured.
mou
Com Cultivators
First class horses and rigs at popular prices.
Special attention paid to the commercial trade.
cers
No. 2, all steel. Two different styles
own
o
THOMAS & SMILEY.
Mr. XVm. Dyson, the well known saddler and harness maker of Guelph, Ont., makes the following statement: “I heartily re-
Tom Nulty, who is confined in Joliutt jail, awaiting his execution, had plan perfected for his escape from prison las week, when they were divulged by a fei low convict just in time to prevent th probably murder of the assistant jail*
It was Nulty's intention t-brain the official, when the latter enteret his cell, with a hammer, which he man aged to get possession of, and then trea his wife in like manner on reaching th-
The prisoner will now be kept under close surveillance by a spe cial constable.
cArtlir & Mi
ir
I
r
-SWATMAN-
À. J. JACKSON.

and his wife

is
f

THE JEWELLER,
s
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
PICKANOCK STREET,
Pontiac Pacific Juuclion By.
>t of the stairs
%
. ca-
ll o use & Sign Painter, Glider, Glazier, Decorator.
%
o
KEEPS—
Official Time Table :
Promises come easy.
A select stock of Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, etc., fete.
P.M
When the Liberals escape into oppo*>
ion again they will not be so handy win I @ommend Milburn’s Heart and Nerve Pills 8 5s | their promises. At any rate, they will b to anyone suffering from nervousness and 8.6t' I more guarded. Gaudy indefiniteness is of heart trouble. They are a splendid ten just as good as a vote getter—witness medicine for such complaints. For a long
8.141 Sir Wilfrfd and his loved Torres Vedras- | time I wae afflicted with nervousness and
pain in my heart, which was especially
Arrive 9 45
Aylmer tBreckenrldgo t*Eardley Parker’» Crossing t* Mohrs Quyon Wyman's {Tank Bristol McKhb’b Shawville Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank
t‘Vinton Coulonge ‘Mellon's Waltham
•Flag Station. tTank. t'Flag Station
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
6.45 Leave
9.2)
6 0.1
9.06
6.12
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
6.18
6 26
• S
8 41
6.37
ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
«
8.22
6.47
REPAIRING
Special attention paid to repairing Jewellery and Watches.
#1
6.50
, u.d not to increase the public debt iu tn formerly gave me so much anxiety and Leave 0.301 naughty old Tory way. And they ai trouble.”
hearing about it now when they are in | MiIbnrn»e Heart and Nerve Pille 60 cte. creasing the expenditure by racing th« j B box g for 11.25, sold by druggists or sent luxes taken from the people, and biatinn ^y mail. T. Milburn A Co., Toronto, Ont. the Tory record all hollow in the way of I ¦	-----r ¦¦
piling up the public debt. But in th. I Laxa-Liver Pills our# Constipation.
sweet hereafter, they will fight shy of th» I general superintendent. I seductive promise.—Montreal Star. 1
««
8.08
6 58
O
««
7.04
7.26
7.81 this
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP’aND SAT-
7.45
7.18
8.00
7.16
8 03
7.06 our
ISFACTION GUARANTEED.
8.12
6 M
8.30
SWATMAN,
THE JEWELLER.
8.47

6.55 Arrive
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
Shawville, Jan. 19, 1897.
P. W. RESSEMAN,


8456
