###PAGE###1###

\
Voi. XVI, No. 18
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q., THURSDAY
WM. GAMBLE,
OCT. 20.	1898
10„. D.KŒ
“THE EQUITY”
Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
Mr. E. Graham and guests, start for his hunting grounds in Oâwood this week.
Overcoats for men and buys; finest stock in town.
SERVANT WANTED —A good general servant, wanted immediately.—Apply to, Mr*. E. Graham, Elmside.
Seven men are dead and eighteen wounded as the result of a fight between negroes and striking miners at Virden, Illinois, on Wednesday last.
Application has been made for administrations of the estate of the late George A. Fraser, of Fitzroy. The estate is valued at #1H,900, principally made up of real estate.
BARRISTER, Ac.,
169 Main Street,.........
At Bhawvtlle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Ofllce—over G. F\ Hodglna' Store, Main St.
Is issued from the office of. Publication, Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.00 per Annum.
Hull.
J. H. Shaw.
City Engineer Surtees of Ottawa, has been dismissed from office by the City
Council.
Guns, rifles and ammunition
J. H. Shaw
The Am prior papers say the market in that town is being well attended this fall.
A large and varied assortment of veil-
Head Office Ottawa C anada, Iing ju,t nrrived at Mrh'
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices I Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000.00 The Ottawa Citizen Bays counterfeit
Inserted free; but obituary hues, or‘poetry’» fost................$1,125 000.00 %5-cent pieces are in circulation in the
will be charged at the rate of 3 cents per line	%	,	/ n. .	city,
money toaccompany the manuscript In every I	oara of Directors'
ease.
Mrs. C. McCagg has just received her new stock of hats, feathers etc. Shop opposite the post office.
A number of the young men of Arnprior have presented Mr. H. Dudds, retiring Chief of Police, with a purse containing about $33.
Dr. L. Mulligan, Veterinary Surgeon,	P . R	M . lion among the people.
8	’	* 1	glycerine by mistake	of89- He lived about sixty years in b itz-
vsr »-—[¦ ri^:r
IWUio.	| the charge of the Rots	and	Cobdon	JW	Police. The new official is said to	be
Interest	allowed	ou	Deposit	Receipt	at current	I ^ ° ^	thoroughly qualified for the position.
râtWe	The first snow of the season fell on Dr. Lambert, of Ottawa, has been com- , ^	,	_
Sums of |1 and upward* received u Saving* De- Friday morning. It Boon gave way to united to stand hie trial for criminal as- Montreal end of the line. The improve
| â	,h- ri, Vi	J1-1	“""1
No. 4 School, Clnrettdon (Miss	M.	Miss Lucy Campbell, the 19	year old I According to the report of Assessment
M	I MatheSon, teacher) has been	closed	for	daughter of Mr. Jas Campbell,	of Ren-	Commissioner Pratt, Ottawa City has now
jLOCitï îlîtd OibjtltÉtîll» three weeks on account of the diphtheria frew’ died ,aat week from the effects of a * population of 55,385, and nearly $24, ^	; prevailing in the neighborhood.	| shock due to an operation from appendi 1000,000, of assessable property. The pop.	! citis.	ulation and wealth of the Capital have
Ahz8~ sr L i. - r~i .w.........	*“*•>-* “t it
ham Lebrun, againat	the	township of	k,lown lumber farm of Bronson & Weaton	The	physicians	of	Hull have decided to
Read	Dr.	Stackhouses	anouncementa	Eardley, on account of	a property	being	T B01"» out of business Decline	in	a'art a	crusade	against	cigarette	smoking
this week.	I flooded has been maintained	before	the	th.“. Pru^te °n manufactured lumber, is	and will ask the city council to pass a by.
Court of Review in Montreal. Plaintiff	,a,d t0 be thec*u,e-	to prevent merchants selling cigar,
got $56 damages.	Tourist travel in the Ottawa valley has ettes to minors and to punish boys under
been far greater this year than last judg- eighteen years of age who aru seen amo-ing by statements made by local agents of king on the streets the railway companies. The C. P. R. agents say business has been very good this year. The last two years travel was psizing. The light, but this year it Mr. Scudder I than made up.
After a lingering illness, Annie Kelly, wife of Dr. Anthony Freeland of Ottawa,
Mr. W. A. Morehead, representing the passed away last Friday morning. Da Kdrn Piano and Organ Co. ( Ltd., ) of ceaied was a daughter of the late P. O-Woodstock, Ont., spent a couple of days Kelly, of Eitzroy Harbor. Of a kind here last week with the company's local <nd* amiable disposition, her death will agent, J. R. Horner. They report hav occasion sincere regret among a large ing made some good sales. The beautiful circle of acquaintances and friends. A piano cased organ that Wj*« to much ad- sorrowing husband and fuir children aie mired at the Shawville exhibition, they I left to mourn the loss of a devoted
Hold to Mr. Robt. Storey, of Clarendon wife and kind and affectionate mother.
Front.
Advertising rate# made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parts of the country.
BANK OF OTTAWA
Charles Magee, Ehq., President George Hay, esq.,Vice-President
Hon. Geo. Bryson, Jr.
Alex. Fraser, Esq.,
J. A. COWAN. Publisher
John Mather, Esq. David MalLaren, Hhq.
Court. Shawville,
No. 5H6.
Dennis Mûri u y, Ehq.
£ Ï.OF
GEORGE BURN
D. M. P1NN1E
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
Meet* the 4th Wednea-duy of every month.
Court due* must be paid Drafts issued on all Bankin promptly every month. | Ion, United States and Great
Visit Ing brethren cor dlally Invited

The double tracking of the Canadian Pacific railway between Toronto and Montreal ham been commenced at the
L.B.C
Notes and Bills collected
J. A. Cowan, 11.8.
H. 8. Barnett, F.B
W. J. Eadbh, C. R.
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L. D. S, D.D.S,
Corner of Bank and Wellington Htreeie,
Spécial attention given to appointments made by mail.
j OTTAWA!
Have you tried Dowd's “High Loaf Flour ?
C. C. STEWART,
PHYSICIAN and SURGEON
(L.R.C P. AND 8., EDIN.)
OFFICE,
Mr. Whiteside ia holding revival vices at North Clarendon Church.
aer
While hunting on Green Lake, north f Deux Rivieres, Mr. Scudder, of New Yoik, and hia guide, Jake Loritzson, of Saranac Lake, N. Y.f the water by their canoe c& guide was drowned and reached shore after struggling in the ter for several hours.
Men’s mitts and Moccasins—immense
o
ELMSIDE, QUE. »lock—all kinds
The doctors of the American Public Health Association have condemned as unsanitary the old time nursing bottle. If some of us had known of the perils the microscopist is discovering in the infant path we trod, we might never have lived to learn of the horrors wo escaped.
According to an old Maine weather prophet, next winter is to be shorter, be-gining with a big snowstorm in November, from which time the enow will stay until the middle of March, giving four months for sleighing. His reason for thinking so is that he has examined the go ,ee bone, and found it white at, the front end. Also that beechnut burrs, corn husks and muskrat's fur ail tell the same story.
J. H. Shaw
were thrown into
Remember, the next visit of Mr. Green
on Friday
BODEBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L, L
photographer, will be November 4th.
seems to have more
?
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Will attend all the Courts of the District, es pecially when required.
wa
Mrs. Henry Mitchell of Mattawa ed on a visit—to her brother-in law, Mr Richard Mitchell.
arnv
«	*	» * .. ,, . _	_	_	, The Raymond Sewing Machine equals
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.|S'-b?A' s”"">
NOTARY PUBLIC,	. w 1
/"'ILERK of the District Magistrates’ Court Mr. John McGough, of North Onslow,
I having| aV hi.	iwlodmgktfcl
season's crop, destroyed by fire.
lor
peu.v” of mtarlo.
Will visli Bryson every Thursday
The Shawville Marble and Gran te Works, Alex
Judgment Reversed
The Arnprior Watchman says:—Anoth er fatality was added to Arnprior's already
long list, when Joseph Seguin, a river- . . ,	_	..	, ,
man, met his death in the Madawaska JudKe Davidson reversed the judgment ...	~ xr ^	_	, near McCuan’s mill on Tuesday morning. ^ lhti Hul1 Superior court in the case of
œ t ïjûrüîm Z » ™.p;”Z,fsr Ea js&astt as*, css «
CEO. C. wR,cHT,|S-a%aS	eBsasS:
Bryson as president.	The river at «hat pait is nut very deep, (ower .c('“rt l^gment was rendered >«	"eSS'
The death is announced in last week# Ittn<* he proceeded to wade ashore. The CttVor °» the company, ilns was revers- signed on behalf or Lodge by Bros. D Will attend Superior mid Circuit Court hi I Arnprior papers, of two old and highly river 8rew deeper and as the water runs od	jid80D* wh? awarded | Duff, C. T ; J. Smith, P. C. t.; 8 Woods, Mar
Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac;; I >u- | respected residents of Fitzroy—Mrs. He-1 swiftly there, he was carried off his feet, 110 P alnt,“ @175 damages and the costs
man Kadey, at the residence of her son, being unable to swim was drowned. 'of tbe court Homan, at Fitzroy Harbor,, and Mrs. Dis companions secured the body and James Fetherstone, at Vancouver, British | brought it down to the residence of Mr.
Joseph Lascelle, who was a friend of the
TU, Su*,,,., ‘‘Belle RU.hl. ”, bull, | ^51"^^ I
l.y Capt. Da via of Quyvn a couple of years with.	fixture in .he n.iuda of the ahantymen
««o wa. aold by pubhc auction at Aylmer	-_- and hunters in the Ilal.burton district,
unTueaday of last week, at the request	TTTQTOHJA	and the product of the same has been pro
52ss£BSKH	...	sria-taricrrs:
with all Courts In the County. Collections *40Ue lhe boal coet about	aunt, Mrs. James Wilson.	night preventive officer Floody of Toron-
hEEHHS
i aEirïsrBiSH	wars.	îsiïï; r:	z
1ilîSœfsIC-SïÆ	l Sh3™lle Produce Q“otations
Before hie departure for hie new home I Hteven wae the guest of Mrs. J. Wilson near Buskong lake and being in a thicket
in Toronto last week, Mr. F. Cole, late | Talk of a neck-tie social given by the I. o. wou,d DOt ** observed by the ordinary | Buckwheat r>jg | manager of the Bank of Ottawa at Am* I O.T. eo°o; hope It will be a success.	hunter. Messrs. Floody and Short
prior, was presented by a representative *	Jtobt. Cuthbortson were the brought the apparatus tc town this morn
delegation of citizens with an address and 8 m r. j2 m^Tr âcey w a5 a gSîîst* at Mr. wm. n? after h&viu8 dr,ven ®ixtJ miles last a solid silver tea service.	McDowell»® last Sunday. _	| night.
The presentation took place in the coun * Wedding bells are to be
oil chamber of the town hall, and was a most interesting event. The address was
read and the presentation made by M r. I Minutes Of ShaWYlllfl S CcmmiXlioners Claude McLachlin.	---
McDonald, proprietor,
A TTOKNEY AT LAW, Main Ht. Hull. turn8°ut* superior class of work in Mon-1%. <4uc, will, at request, attend all court* uinents, Headstones, etc. Prices reason-In the ilHlrlct. \ 11 cor rospouderrct-p rompt* able ly Answered.
Will be atHhawvlllt first Thursday ofench month.
ibtihjr McConnell
A CARD.
In the court of Review in Montreal,
î. 0. O. T. Wild Rose, Xo. 173. To Mr. Thomas O. Leatham .
y, and
72 MAIN ST.
HULL QUE
(Signed), M. R. Duff L. D . “ L J. Smiley, Sec’y
trlct when required
Whiskey Still Seized
Public Notice.
JAS. HOPE & CO.
^MANUFACTURING STATIONERS, BOOK8BL iML 1ère, Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository i the Ottawa Auxiliary MMeSociety,Ottawa,Ont.
Columbia
All Lands on the Valuation Roll, Municipality of Thorne (absentee or reaident) on which two years taxes are now due, will be sent in for the ensuing County Sale, if such taxes are not paid before the 15th day of December, 1898. No further notice shall be given.
Beware coats. Fair warning.
By order,
S. M. LOGAN,
Sec.-Treaa., Thorne.
Thorne Centre, Oct. 10, 1898.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, OFFICE : —COURT «T., SHAWVILLE
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
R H. Whiteside
Oats
peas
22 U 23 00to52
e * # # *
St. Lawrence Hall,
Z : »T., QUY
Mrs C M. McLean,
30
Rye
00 to 37
Eggs, (fresh,)
Wool.......
Butter.....
Pork per 100
aXE
Hides, dry Pelts....
13
... 16 to 18 .... 14 to 15 3.75 to 4.26 9.00 to 10.00 .... 36 to 50 00 to 8 00 .	40 to 75
heard In the n ear future. I hope they don't forget to ask
Angelina.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
Pontiac Teachers’ Association.
r ton
A meeting of the Pontiac Teachers' Association was held In ShawvUIe Academy on October 8th.
PONTIAC HOUsp
Samples of rock, bearing indications of	l',aïv' e!	1898. The FUbject of Entrance Examinations
mineral of some kind have been received	Meeting of School Commissioners	froin Elementary schools to Grade II Model
from Mr, Wm. Sheppard of Yarm and	t!1,R „ ?r?re	was fully discussed. A committee having
i	Wm. Walla ot Thorne. If the parties	Commissioners W. A. Hodgine, Hobbs	been appointed to convene with Inspector
££>	j	will furnish us with larger specimens, and	lndWilson. • _	Oilman, the convener of that committee
Z	!	some information as to the character of the	Minutes of last meeting rea l and ad	then gave his report. Inspector Gilman
rm rock, it will afford a better'idea of deter- °P*ed-	,	_ ,	being prseent stated that he had written to
mining whether or not the deposits are ol Communications from Doctor Harper inspector Dr. Harper about the matter and any value.	relating to his coming visit were brought bad received an answer saying that Grade
*	mssss*	¦ forward and read.	I Model papers would be forwarded to all
No Paper—Our staff purpose taking Com. Hobbs was requested to pro- Elemen’ary Schools, free of charge ; that « their annual holidays next week, in con-	vide flog staff, wire rope and pulley for	certificate be Issued to each pupil passing
sequence of which there will bo no issue	the school, the chairman having under-	that examination, signed by the snperhiiei -
Il	!	of this paper. The office, however, will	taken to provide a flag at earliest and	dent and teacher from the school of which he
remain open for business, the execution	convenient date.	comes, and by the local inspector. Examln
f job printing, and the receipt of sub	Moved by cim. Wilson and seconded	allons to be held at the end of each sehoo
r, E-£E:EF"'3=:=-%.= ==
up with the printer by this last reminder. Moved by com. Hobbs and During his leisure moments—which we by com. Wilson that the Collection Roll trust may be few—he has kindly consent-	for the present school year which has
tor the aoe'oni m <‘dk t ion of the "put lie gVnfr-	ed to keep » .harp eye on the woodpile	now been examined be homologated
ally, and especially commercial men. Free and prevent so fares possible too much without amendment.—Carried.
’bus meets all trains. Good livery In being pawned off on us In lieu of the
connecthm. ^ genU-blCyClci;kept for hire more substantial commodity

4
wee
OTTAWA MARKETS.


-

The following are last Srturday's quota tions on the Ottawa market :
Peas 50 to 00 cents.
Oats, 25 to 26c.
Wheat. 65 to 70c.
Rye, 40 to 00c.
Buckwheat, 30c.
Barley. 28 to 30c.
Hay, $7 to ;>er ton.
Straw, $4 00 to $G 00 per ton.
Potatoes 50 to 60c per bag.
Veal, 4 to 5c per lb.
Lamb, 8 to 11c per lb.
Butter, print, 20 to 22 cents.
Butter, tub, 18 to 20 cents.
Eggs, fresh, 17 to 18 cents.
Egg", stored, 14 to 15 cents.
Apples, $2 00 to $3 00 per bbl. Tomatoes, 15 cents per gallon.
Cheese, wholesale, 9 to lfc.
Cheese, retail, 12 to 12£c.
Hides, rough, 6c per pound


I
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL,
gave one on “ Dont's”
Meeting brought to a close by singing God Have the Queen.
A large number of teachers were present showing the interest they have taken In the Association.
Further notice will be given of next meet-
Com.
seconded
PROPRIETOR
I
The meeting now adjourned.
H. Lang, Sec. Treasurer
n;
J
###PAGE###2###
ohet'ka, ltose began the task of undo hat she had done, inoidentany
A Canadian Medicine.
emlle
» LOVE AND WARN *
her.—and Annie fried to and think it all might i** her heart that morning was far too heavy to he lightened by a picture ol what, seemed ho improbable. Still. (Jeorge's hopeful confidence did nmch to rea«sure her. and when. « few days after, she started for the lia 11, she purposely took a longer walk for the sake of passing the cottage on the bill.
leaned over the low would arrange
nut
mg w_..m
letting out. as site worked, that might have known better than to «end
all' iV‘^''hiu!l,no!H’inm"i!..L	IWHICH HAS MADE A WONDERFUL,
people would call her a secessionist REPUTATION THROUGHOUT unless she did somet hing to benefit j	tuv WORLD,
the soldi©is. She didn't care what
they called her; she knew she was	^ A..
democrat or used to be before she was | f very Cure Published !• Inrrellgelrd by s
married; hut now that Will was a re-I	ResiNMieliite tews paper-The Advertises
publican, she hardly knew what she |	«ni I eohed lui* ¦	below iht
was; any way, she was nob a secession-
SUt It Sr’JKTSySffiI FW. lb.	n.rll.na, N B
hl,v bef—Will was not going, not Ilia»-I The Advertiser has oorue across ¦ HI ft her loin, nor nnv of her friends. another Instance of the reinarkohle "Hut somvhodv’s friends are going, rural ive powers of the fa(n>°;i”l ( ***’
—Hoiiiflio.ly'» Will Foinelwly-H Ion.; li.m i. n.o.b. Dr. W in.am* Pink Pill, dear to them as yours are to you or Pale People. Mr. AMI ham ledlle,
a rebuking tone from a | of Lower Brighton. a prom ment lum-
lierman and farmer, come very near

A STORY OF SLAVERY DAYS.
a
By MARY J. HOLMES.
"4* ¦vT- ^ \ '' ¦ "\A - - *£
>
thinking as sh
iron fence, how	I H I
the flower-beds more tastefully than thoy were now arranged, end teach
Yes. 1 do hope he'll he drafted, don't I the drooping vines to twine \on. Mrs. Graham!" and she turned to- gracefully around the slender columns Rose Mat hen’s home was a beautiful ward Annie, who was rolling up ban- supporting the piazza In front. * he
place, containing everything which love	dagos of linen; and weaving in	with	would	have	seats, too,—willowMwisteii
could devise, or money purchase, and	every coil u prayer that the poor	sold-	chairs	beneath the trees, where she
Hose was very hippy there, dancing	1er, whose lot it should be to	need	and George	could *it at twilight, un<i
like a sunbeam through the hand-	t hat band, might return again to the	watch	the	shadows creeping across
some rooms of which she wm the mist- loved ones at home, or else be fitted th, hollow where the oh ml Mg.- was.	h.f ,ard ouly|„,k,.n woman.,
sHSSS
ssiis cito bussss	¦stssk.% rsa	«* ss tszA«s. to wæacs
saiBPHp *
way from the church, and even, when all the house one inch of rosewood or Taking her seat by the window, she	^	- tried many medicines without nny good
alone with her husband in her tasteful of marble, but there was domestic commenced the light work imi>osed on	A PROVIDENTIAL RESCUE.	t*huU following lie begin the use of
sitting-room, with the bright gas-light love, pure and deep as any Rose ever her. that of tearing and winding	_ fhe Pills and by the time a couple of
rz&tavwWf&at; kk-sak1:ssr ,’vsstss. ssn ,w . "* — rirr
she could not shake It off. nor guess tmg faith in One who can shed light "Maybe there'll never be no fight*	p	tinned I he use of I be medicine and
what it was that ailed her. At last	upon the dreariest home, and make the	but it's well enough to be prepared," The	good ship Regular, while on a	dually the pains and	soreness	left
however, it came to her suggested by	heaviest t ml seem like nought. It	was the ses,thing remark of the kind-	v	frum Liverpool to Hon.hay. was	him. he was aide l„ sleep	soundly,	and
iSA'wS jaws	¦£ .“f. p,ï kï	Kjïï'.’Wïto.ï	off tb, O»..' O. g .
his knee, she gave vent	to her restless-	she	was. shedding its influence over	\[v quivered and	the check	paled	at	a gale.	She sprung a serious leak, and	fnf	,#wR	fhu| fwo mon#b, Mr. Ted lie
ness	in	the expression.	her	whole life and softening down a	the very idea.	captain	and crew had to take to the	WIVH	found himself in the best of
«towar s.rsto'- srer^to?,	——.;r;r""": ?¦’1 ;d mv iias&zssïi
It was the first interest she had nic was naturally high-spirited and worked industriously on. hoping that run 80 ^11	the 10,118t ves84 N • sufferers not to experiment wit h
evinced in the matter, and glad to talk proud, ami Rose's remarks concerning if he did. some one of the rolls she that there was small prospect of res-	primes but at one* begin the
with any one upon the subject which volunteers in general and George in | wns winding might come to him. or cue Wh it seemed the direct inter- ,1S#. nf |>r Williams' Pink Pills.
ttssxlr üffttea îfj: nrfcSs & ......................v»*........	¦* i
her into his lnp. and endeavored, as far came another impulse, and ere the cot -1 Se 1 f. —a piece of her own clothing, and 'heir case, * ay a ( omui.imler l asco, in [	! .	nf.rvo,,. most ration*
as possible, to explain to her what it	tage	had been reached the bitter feel-	hearing on it her	maiden name. Annie	"A Roving Commission."	.	fLm.mdimr	noon	humors	in
was contending for a bit of cloth.	| no war. but wishing was of no avail,	him feel so glad.	Rut there might be	crew	from t lie boats tells how it warn	V	t»Jv	crivn	a	hnnlthv	irlow
such	as	she had often	seen floating	and	long after George Graham was	other Annie Howards, it was not	an	brought	about, lie was on the deck	.	,	\ u_ii ‘ v rnmn1*»¥rnn« *
than	all	the Stars and	Stripes in the	, whether she ought, by word or deed, to	tht, IKHket of her	dress for	the pencil	was abandon'd, and remarking to the	"JP	* nf.	nnf. A" not bn Lrlnaded
world, she fell away to sleep leaving prevent her husband's going if he felt whi, h she knew was there. Glancing officer of the watch that it was time v' A.kV Lnm,» snbstit te
like his wife, he could not then see ex-	join	in his country's defence. Annie I	aD(1 wrote after the name, "It's your	weut	Le low to consult the chart,
act ly what the war was for. Still, in-	was	no great reasoner, logically; all	^^nie, George.	Try to believe I'm	" I	went into my cabin," he says,
asrnuch ms there was war, he would her decisions were made to turn upon (here. Rockland, April, 18til."	" fer the sole purpose of consult ing the
not play the coward's part, nor shrink the simple question of right and wrong. There were big teardrops on that chart, but paused for a moment to from the post of duty if his country	and on this occasion she found it hard uf	|in,.n hut	Annie brushed them	glance at « book that lay open on	the
should need his services. Rut this	to tell, so evenly the balance seemed	away(	au,(	went	on with her rolling,	table. There I fell asleep, a most	unRose did not know, and secure in the	adjusted.	More than once	she stole	just aa widow Simms called her	at-	usual thing for me during daylight,
belief that whatever might happen,	from her	pillow, and going	out into	tvntion to Rose Mather, as	mentioned	" 1 slept on, I knew not how long,
Will would never go. she soon resumed	the fresh	night air. knelt in the moon-	8vvera| page8 Uick.	hut when 1 waked it was dark and I
her wonted cheerfulness, and if she	light, and	asked for guidance	to choose Annie could n it account	for it	to	was both cold and hungry. My last
said anything of t he war, was sure to	the right. even though that right	herself, hut ever	since Rose’s arrival	waking thought had	Is en of chang-
etartle her hearers with some remark	should t ike her husband from her.	;il Rockland,	she	h id felt a strange	ing the vessel's course ; and I went on
quite unworthy of a New England "If I knew he would not cbe.it would , ineXplical>le interest in the fashion- deck, supposing that had been done, daughter. She did wish they would not l>e so hard to give him up,'	belle; an interest prompted by but found the ship still steering east,
stop having so many meetings, she said, murmured, as sickening visions somet hing more than mere cui iosity, " How is this ?" I asked, ' did I not or if i hey must have them, she wished	fields strewn with the dead, and hns- I	lU(j now {iia t	there was an opi>ovtun-	direct the course to	he altered ?"
they'd get Brother Torn to come and	pitals filled with the dying, caine over	».	0j, seving	her	without being her-	" 'I was told that	you were going
set them right. Ib* had lived in Char-I	her. and for an instant her hrain reel-	sej£	iS|ie straightened up, and	to consult the chart," replied the offi-
leston. He could tell them how kind	ed with the thought of (»eorge_ dymg |	sni(H)1 hing	the	soft braids of pale	cer, 'and then fix the course.'
the people were to Mary, his sick wife, thus, and leaving her no hope of meet- hr own hair, waited for t ho entrance " ' 8o I did; what time is it V I ask-and were it not that ‘twas beneath ing him again, loi («eorge s faith was I ^ little lady, who, with her pink him to lecture, she'd surely write for , not like hers.	j hat set jauntily on her chestnut curls,
him to come. Rose Mather was grow- Anon, however, something whispered UDl(her iichfur collar hut tuned grace-ing unpopular by her foolish speech- to her that the God she loved was on	over her handsome cloth cloak,
es, and when at last she was asked to the field of carnage., and m the	j ( ripped into the room, doing much by-
join with other ladies of the town in and in the hospital, and everywhere . r tiUnuy smile and pleasant manner making articles of clothing for the vol- as much as there in Rockland, that L disarm the ladies of their recent unteers, she added the last drop to her prayers innumerable would follow the.	H ainsL ber. she was no-
brimming bucket, by tossing back her brave volunteers, and that the evil she	bul .= chil(l| they reflected; <a
chestnut tresses, and "guessing she | so much feared might he the ™ea.ns | s|)oi£(i pettv<1 cbi(j; hba would im-
slie grew older, and contact with the sharp cor



rnrilrulsr* of One *f Tke#e 1'irfi.
more
CHAPTER II
as
in
Sold
men's lives we re far more valuable a\vak<

HUSBANDS AND WIVES
"It all depends upon 1 he way in wh ch married life is commenced ae to whet her a couple have or have not any secrets between them" says a writer.
"There are. no doubt, occasions on which it would l»e far better for the wife's happiness ami pe ice of mind t h it she should l>e kept in the dark, for a time at least, during her bus-kind's season of anxiety "It is easy to see that it is t not wist* to make a rule of always being quite open and communicative, for if silence is only falleu back upon in times of calamity or misfortune of some hott it will be tantamount to a confession that something very untoward has happened if ever the perusal of a letter or the answer to a question is denied the wife.
"My own opinion—after a twelve years' experience of married life —is that it id far better to start
ed
"'Past midnight, sir
middle watch.
"‘All rigluI said, ‘we will continue on this course until we get sights for longitude in the morning.*
" Before that was done we had sighted one boat and rescued its crew; and we kept on the same course until we found the second boat."
this is the
____, and "guessing she so much feared might he the means
shouldn’t blister her hands over that of working the great good she so de-
And thuo it was that A nme | uve
Stealing back to her husband’s side, she bent above him as he lay sleeping, and with a heart
from t h • commencement, not by being
mysterious and secretive, lui by being,
in all save purely personal and family matters, cautious and not over-communicative. The change from I u.d-ness and its anxieties to t he peace of home life will be far more keenly appreciated if 'sh >p' is not talked at home, and this may lie the excuse any husUind can offer should lie wish to put his wife »ff an inconvenient top ii%
came
stuff. She couldn’t sew much sired
coa rse*ee*i*i Hi hi ¦¦	i
any way, and as for making bandages | came to a decision
and lint, the very idea was sickening.
She’d give them fifty cents if they	_	t
wanted, but she positively couldn't do which throbbed to its very core, though more thin that, for she must have a the lip uttered no sound, she gave him new pair of lavendar kids. She had to his country asking, if it could lie, worn the old ones three or four times that he might come back again, but and Will preached economy every day. if it were ordered otherwise—"God’s With a frown of impatience, the ma- will !>e done " I here was no shrink-tron who had been deputed to ask help ing after that sacrifice was made,	t n, ber
from Rose, took -he fifty cents, and though when the morning came, the I	,%ng looked
forward and arranged some work
USE OF HASHEESH
more in
ners of the world, so those who had the honor of her acquaintance, received her with the familiar deference, if we may bt which had always marked their man-towanl William Mather’s bride.
The ('hum1 of Infinity Among llie Nnflt r
of Imllu.
The reports of the asylum nt Cairo, Egypt, as to th« native patients there exhibiting the nature of the mental disturbance associated with the excessive use of hasheesh are said to show some remarkable facts, it appearing that in 11 |wr cent of all the male patients hasheesh alone, or in combination with alcohol, caused the mental symptoms, while this was the case with only 7 per cent, of the females. As to whether there is a special recognizable form of mental disturbance produced by hasheesh, authorities conclude that
in a considerable number of cases in Egypt the hasheesh is the chief if not the only cause of such mental disease. The usual types of the disease are hasheesh intoxication—that is, an elated and reckless swaggering state, with optical delusions and hallucinations. Acute mania Is another form of hasheesh insanity, involving frightful hallucinations, restlessness, sleeplessness. incoherence and exhaustion ; again, there is exhibited a weak-mindedness, and the patients, though well behaved, being excitable about the small things and unconcerned as to the future.
allowed the expression
nor
Hose was too much accustomed to suei-ty to be at all disconcerted by the hundred pair of eyes turned scrutiniz-
Indeed, she rather i nd she tuss-
«
"An 1 li re, too, nri-ei a much discussed question: — Sh mid married folk open each other's letters? There can, to my thinking. It1 no two answers to ill s question, the only reasonable one living that they should not.
"There are hundreds and thousands of remarks which a near friend of husband or wife might make quite casually which might give offence and pain to one for whom the communication was not intended. There may lie letters coining which, if read by both, would open up some old sore, or require a deal of explanation and a raking up of past history, which was long over and done with, and if over a particular letter, which, if read by wife or husband when intended for the oth'BT, should he suppressed by the addressed. vague suspicion, if nothing worse, is awakened, and it takes a long time to allay it.
"Ix*t hiuthand and wife tiu t each other tboioughly, and then they may keep their own—which probably may also lw other people's—secrets from first to last with impunity."
or
i
sense
from ill-nature, as from astonishment
that she could be so callous and indiff-	I	I ,	,
erent to an object of so much im- or, whose eloquent appeal had done portance.	much to fire his youthful enthusiasm.
"Wait till her husband goes, and she "lie was not going to be shot, but to won't mince along so daintily, taking shoot somebody I"
till that pains to show her Balmoral. . This was his idea, and ere the cling-when it isn’t one bit muddy," mutter- inPT arms had unclasped themselves edthe Widow Simms, pointing out, to from his neck, his imagination had
stSiiil Wmm Mâmm
thinking of the three neats at her [with the roee-blush on her cheek, just and the other wrong! fireside so soon to he vacated by her as she looked the first tune he ever	There	was	no	alternative	save	to
darling boys Eli, John and Isaae. ; saw her. Something of this he told	rip the entire	thing and with glowing
r une
for Hose, who. untying the strings of her pink hat, and adjusting her liny gold thimble, labored on until she had succeeded in sewing up and joining together a long leg with one some inches shorter, which had happened to
Loud was the shout
FAST ATLANTIC SERVICE.
A despatch from Quebec says:—Mr.
. Allan, of Montreal, was in the
city to-day, and had a conference with
Sir Richard Cartwright in reference
to steamship matters. Tenders for the
two years' msil service, commencing May 1st next, are not due until the 21st inst., and when the contract has been awarded the Government will lose no time In endeavouring to arrange for a fast service to be inaugurated by May 1st, 1901.
SUSPICIOUS.
I wonder why Keeks wears glasses; 1 know he doesn't need them.
They say it is because he isjtuch a suspicious beggar.
Why, whit has that got to do wit h it ?
He can't believe his own eyes.
H
LONDON'S CRYSTAL PALACB
It requires over $300.001 a year to run the. Crystal Palnoe in London, and it barely pays itself.
ow
\
\
###PAGE###3###
«
IN THE ARMS OF AN OCTOPUS.
ground, it was t hi# episode that drew from the lips of that most charming gentleman, Count Calderuri, Italian military at tar ha, the remark. “What a magnificent right, hut I am sorry for those brave men/' In the meantime tho furious onalaught on the left fare had met, with the same file. The dervish force had swarmed round both aides of the conical hill, Hurgham, away to our left front, and had law n met with the en me ineslst ihle fire.
NEVER WOULD IUJN A WAV
-CMH .nsrss -.'-“v. pen picture of a battle
HOUSEHOLD, f
haps, however, for a luncheon dish you would rather have the codfish served with hiown but (or lllllllllll you flake and freshen it as before and
l ake it up
The Thrilling Ailvrniure of n Malay Pearl
PI her
In a story of adventure in the Malay Pearl fisheries the Wide World M-aga-
The greatest enemy div-
was
l he dreaded octopus, whose presence occasioned far greater panic than the appearance of a mere shark.
These loathsome monsters would some I ime.H come and throw their horrible tentacles over the side of the frail craft from which t he divers were working. and actually fasten on to the men themselves, dragging them out into the water. At other times octopuses have been known to attack divers down below, and hold them relentlessly under water until life was extinct. One of our own men had a terribly narrow escape from one of these
FEARFUL CREATURES.
I must explain, however, th it each evening, when the divers returned
THE IONDON TIMES CORRESPONDENT AT THE FRONT.
In which case
on a hot dish and pour over It a sauce I ibrllllng Miory of Thai Magnificent right mule of butter, in which JOUt have filed minced onion, and a handful of chopped parsley till they are brown.
And you can vary this Haure infinitely; add a bay leaf or two, or a few cap- | graphic description of the first part
chopped Hweet red peppers, and get a new flavor with each addition.
Dainty Salads.—Vegetable salads are
cups
z i ne nays ••TH li id to fear in these waters
. CHILDREN IN PUBLIC.
Whether it is right for children to take part in public entertainments is often questioned by mothers nnd interested friends. A writer says: Let us come to t hat question about the small musical celebrity who is always being borrowed for church entertainments and the like. There are some very wise people, whose opinions are shvays worthy of thoughtful consideration who believe that little children ehould never be allowed to take part In such entertainments. For instance,
I have heard no less an authority than Dishop Vincent speak very decidedly •gainst the custom of having Sunday-school anniversaries in which the children were " paraded " before the public, to be fed with the mistaken notion that they were distinguishing them-eelves.
Doubtless very much could be said on this aide of the question, Many
mothers will be ready to witness that	into a bowl containing the lard or hut-
harm his been done their children, lie-	ter, rub these together, and then add
cause of late hours and improper dress-	the milk; roll out half an inch thick,
lng in midwinter, and unnatural ex-	use biscuit-cutter, and hake in a hot
citeauent connected with appearing be-	oven. This biscuit dough is a founda-
fore a crowd, and all the other evils	lion for short cakes, boiled fruit pud-
that may attend even so innocent an	dings, meat and chicken pies and
affair as a Sunday-school anniversary	other dishes. Make, one-half the dough
The form of entertainment which fos- into the always welcome biscuits, and ,
1er. or permit, any of these evil, can- use the other tor a shortcake to be	«wylh.ng of the advancing force,
not lie too earnestly deplored. Yet there	baked in an ordinary-sized jelly tin.	was	a™iuainted with	all	its move-
is another aide. I believe, and have	When done, split in two, and butter | monts	by	heliograph
,.,,..«1	sss’tifnuSrtïï'îi:" Î.S3 ,
lief strengthened by experience, that	berries with sugar for the between	Just	as	the sun was	setting	I	rode
even quite little children may he	layer, and large, whole ones for the	round	outside our zariba with	General
taught to recite Bible verses, and oth- top, sprinkle with powdered sugar. In Rundle; it waa n (ine si ht; our c
•r choice selections, and to sing for w‘fy	however, “no? to	in » horseshoe sh ape, both flanks
their friends* not only without harm^n^	until just before the resting on the river, protected by the
to themselves, but with positive good jahort-cake is sent to the table, it be- gunboats; the Dritish division on the
; then Soudanese, thon Egyptians, with guns and Maxims at intervals. The British division had made a zariba along their front, but the blacks having no bushes Lad dug a shelter trench, and as we passed along they were lying in It with their rifles on the parapet and their black faces gleaming in the setting sun. I thought Gen. Bundle well summed up the situation when he said, "What a fortunate fellow Kitchener is to command such a magnificent force.
I sat next to Slat in at dinner that night. He told me he should never forget his feelings when he saw the Mahdi's tomb again. He said, “Close to that tomb I spent 13 miserable years;
*S Ont<liirniAii Fiirlout Onslaught of
the I «unilire.
The London, Eng., Times prints 6
of the battle of Omdurman from its
I never saw the dervishes attempt to run ft way; they simply came on and were killed. Those two forces which had delivered the first attack against our front and left, were thus, in my opinion, practically annihilated, and very few men of this force can have rejoined the Khalifa, where he was waiting with a large reserve behind the bill Surgharn. In our zariba wo were never under a really heavy fire; we were an enormous mark to shoot, at, and the dervishes had at least 25,000 rifles of all sorts, but I think
ors, or some
special correspondent. Col. F. Rhodes (brother of lion. Cecil Rhodes), who was wounded during the charge of the 21st Lancers. The following are extracts from the account :
famous
often served in ornamental
formed of peeled tomatoes, or cucumbers, scooped out and cut in shape. Fill two or three cups, according to their
size, for a service on each plate, placing them in firm position on a lettuce I were by the size of the immense plain
leaf, If necessary, with quarters of | t hey nevertheless looked olive or ornamental bits of vegetable
of any kind suitable. The cups them-	.	,,	„	,
selves and all the plates contain Is three lines covering a front of fit the terrific nature of our fire kept
¦	theirs under, as I do not suppose we
had 100 casual!tins in this first phase of the fight..
I think the things that struck one most of t he time was the suicidal policy of the dervishes in attacking us in that position; the pleased look on every face when it became clear that the dervish force really meant ' | heliographic communication with the coming on; the excellence of our own
artillery fire, as shell after shell appeared to he dropping exactly where the enemy was thickest; our own admirable fire discipline, and the ter-This was rific character of the fire we were
IKvarfed as the enemy undoubtedly
an enormous mass of men. They were advancing in
supposed to constitute the service of least 2 1-2 miles, one mass of waving
salad, so that an extra amount of | banners, with their cavalry on both dressing must be ##ed,
81 i sou it Dough—One quart of flour
flanks, but in no great numbers. The Sirdar and his staff came up to the
three teaspoonfuls biking powder, one
tenspoonful salt fuis lard or butter, three gills of milk Bift flour, baking powder and salt
all
from pearl fishing, they roped their little skiffs together and let them lie astern of the schooner
plateau just below us, hid along look at the advancing force, and then galloped hack to camp. XVe were in
two tnblespoon-
Well,
one night the wind rose and rain fell heavily, with the result that next morning all the little boats were found
Some of
21st Lanoers in the plain below us. They helioed up, "Dervish force ad-
more or less waterlogged the Malays were told off to go and
vzmcing very rapidly; estimate num
hers at least 80,000 men
flashed hack to the Sirdar, who had Pouring into the advancing dervish bale them out
army; the admirable coolness of our own force—no one seemed in a hurry; the Sirdar and his staff rode quietly about from place to place, and it was impossible to realize that you were in the middle of the greatest battle t hat has ever taken place in the Soudan.
Whilst they were at work one of the men saw a mysterious
reached camp. It was a useful piece of work; the Sirdar, hack in camp and cut off by the hill wo were on from
looking black object in the sea, which so attracted his curiosity that he dived overboard to find out what it was He, had barely reached the water, however, when an immense octopus rosi into view, and at once made for the terrified man, who instantly saw his danger, and with great presence of mind promptly turned and scrambled back into the boat.
THE NIGHT BEFORE
HORSE AND LION.
An Arab Hlffd'i lllnd Leg VanqtiUlml a
Hungry Lion.
The most extraordinary battle that ever took place between a lion and a
The terrible creature was after him, however, and to the horror of the onlookers it extended its great flexible horse occurred on the hanks of the j entacles, enveloped the entire boat,
Tigris—The Tiger River —on the even- man and all, and then dragged the
whole down under the crystal sea. The diver's horrified comrades rushed to his as>1 stance, and m attempt was moon. The spectators were the crew ^ ide to kill the octopus wit h a har-
from poon, but without success. Several of Lis more rearurc ful rompmions 1 h'-n dived into the water with a big net made of rope, which 1 hey took right Twyram, of the underneath the octopus, entangling
résulté.	ing of «o perishable a nature. Or anges |e^(
I know a mother who	talked to her	c;in ^ u*e<i foj	0( variety,	and
little girl of eight after	this manner:	pineapple in season	also. —
" Certainly you may sing at theSun-	quantity, one half	the recipe,
day-school jubilee. You are by no make an excellent, means a wonderful singer, my dear; no one thinks you are; but God has given
you a pleasant little voice, and people one large sheet, one-quarter or an like to hear children sing, because they inch thick, fill the centre with sliced are interested In them, as children, apples, rhubarb, or best of all, hackle-
%%%%"%	— *.» -p»¦;
and mothers who come to these Sun- Put in a tin lard pail with cover fitted day-sehool meetings, just to hear the on. Set it in fast, never-to oease boil-children. who never go to church. Per- mg water, and cook for an hour and a haps some thought in the song you sing half. With l heae puddings may help them to think of Jesus and creamy sauce made from one cup of to want to know Him. Would not that sugar, one large tablespoonful of but-be Iwmutiful? So you must sing your ter, four tablespoonfuls of milk or beet, and ask God to help you do some cream and a teaspoonful of vanilla good with your song."	! flavoring
I)oes any one believe that a child so	goal toped Tomatoes.-Put a layer of
KnceVldhZ pro/idedafl the oh! j ^ontllT^h peppe^szdt^VdÎunen	»nd. over	again	I used	to pray
jectionable features lefore mentioned over this a layer of thin slices of bread t'ia<	^ might	die.	He	thought e
are omitted? The truth is, it is the well buttered, another of tomatoes,and Khalifa was the most brutally oruel war we do things, oftentimes, instead so on until the dish is full of the things we do, that injures our houirs. children
The same will
ing of May 28th 1857.
The scene was lighted by the full

Fruit pudding.—Roll the dough into
of the river Reamer Assyria
whose deck the noble Arabian stallion belonging to Lord Kerr had jumped
Lieut
overboard
Royal Navy was one of those who saw the creiture and its still living prey, the tight, and his account of the battle The next step waa to drag up both
is, after more than thirty yea s,	and thin done the unfortunate Malay
nished by his daughter to the Wide was %t length seized by his logs, and World Magazine
At the time of the horse’s escape he frightful embrace
serve a
dragged by sheer force out of the

MORE DEAD THAN ALIVE
wore a nosebag; but on reaching shore he shook it off, so that it hung about
However, we soon revived him by put-'
,	, ,	.. ting him in a very hot bath, the wa-
ins neck, and l#*gan cropping thegra. S|fer being at such a temperature as actually to blister his skin. It is most In a few minutes the observers on remarkable that the man was not. altogether drowned, as he had been held under water by the tentacles of the
man that had ever lived. He told me	moonl,ght a lion creeping	up to the	octopus for rather more than two min-
he hud distinguished the Khalifa’s	feeding horse.	utes. Rut, like all the Malays of our
; SS HHHS nr mz EHH
Rinse	and	cut	into	halves,	put them	lowing day Slatln has always said that	** *,eti upon tremulous, long	him under the water. The e repeat-
on a wire	broiler,	skin	side down, and I we should have a very big fight before	unused legs, to lie kicked	to death by	ed stubs caused the creature to keep
we got into Omdurman. It was a love-	vicious horses, but a free	lion of the	rolling about on the surface. I he un-
ly night, with the moon full, hut we	desert	hippy man was in this way enabled to
""rn/R%^AT,KYBnFAK| Arab „.,k.d Ihi. a. h. heard
1 J ' 1	^ A 1	the onward rush of the charging lion, drowned. The octopus had an oval
I he whole force stood to arms half !an,, f)ed in terror ;ilong lhe bank. body, and was provided with an extra-
MX, SX ™ is | ib.	«‘‘S'”™,.”.;
the enemy, and	the idea was that we	head. 1 he	Assyria	followed	the	0ne3 0f varying sizes,
should advance	as soon as we knew	strange chase along	the	river	bank.	: rible looking creature,	with a flat,
H-E-LHE™ 'F	“ EKm J3FÊ
position; it was	almost incredible to	menas, and	the tentacles of the creature	that are
believe, hut they	undoubtedly were, as	KEPT	NEAR THE	RIVER.	,so dreaded, on account of	the	immense
very soon we could see their banners	Qn jeV€i	ground a good	horse	ean sucking power which they possess,
along the crest of the ridge to our	outrun any	lion that live**;	but	the
left and front. From the crest of the AraJ), used to the level sand, was deridge to our zariba was a level open layed by the roughness of the ground.
w i-	,,„Tr r-,T,:S lw;v a i ¦,'2d	ci
the double boiler over hot water and	fIour’ a y®ast c*ke dissolved in luke-	subsequently advanced with a courage	SLijl	be	gained.
add the eggs carefully, yolks first, stir-	warm water, a heaping teaspoonful of	which it is impossible to exaggerate.	Tben	lhe	proud hortiti remembered
ring very	f&st.	After	it	thickens,	salt,	two	tables|)oonfuls	of	powdered	We heard afterwards that the enemy	^is ancestry. He paused to	await	the
used in the	place of chocolate	for icing	oven	will	be	sufficient	to	bake.	If	Gff *bet whole force who were intended
cake. The icing is made by beating	w,l,r!fe.( *?r breakfast, set over night	for attacking our right, and for a
the whites of two eggs and mixing	w h ha'f a Ca*e of yeaat"	time kept them fully employed. This
w,,,.	~ zw rrs
zt°p*: t *¦" —>« p'-'-
made without any eggs. Boil four I,ou-r' Let rise until light about one deiiVered the furious onslaught on
tablespoonfuls of granulated sugar and one-half hours—and then rub to- Gen. Macdonald’s right and rear.
with the same quantity of water for get her one-half cup of sugar, two tea-
a minute, then add a teaspoonful of spoonfuls of butter, two eggs, and one
vanilla and two teaspoonfuls of cocoa,, tenspoonful of salt. Pour one pint of
boil a minute longer and the icing will boiling milk on one large quart of yel-
be ready for Use.	low meal, let cool, mix in with above,
A Spanish Snndwicb.-This is made and Pu* well-greased gem-pans. Let
stand ten or fifteen minutes, and hake
in hot oven about ten or fifteen minutes. This should make 18 cakes.
by the river bank
the steamer could see in the white
Bake two
DOMESTIC RECEIPTS
Crmm Chocolate—This is a dainty dessert quite fit to "set before a king."
j a-aytssrti '$*» fir:
requisites are two squares ot unsweet square of toast; season lightly with ened chocolate, four rounded table- salt and pepper, put a small piece of spoonfuls granulated sugar, four table- Gutter on each piece and serve at spoonfuls hot water; one salt spoon of °nj^’.0r U*e cr®am sauce.
¦all; one salt-spoon vanilla, two whole Plai" Baked Tomatoes-Select
eggs or yolks of tour (whites and yolks des,red number of	""'d «°ma-
beaten separately,) one-half cup ¦
cream, one-quarter cup of milk. Cook porcelain baking-pan the sugar, chocolate and water to a moderate oven and bake for forty smooth, shiny paste, letting it boil minutes. When done, lift carefully Watch carefully that it does without breaking the skins and slide Add one-half cupful of «mb one on a piece of buttered toast, oream minus one tablespoonful, which £*‘rve whole. Let each one season to should be added to the eggs to prevent «uit one's self. . their curdling, and one-quarter cup of milk, and stir until it boils
broil about five minutes. Have ready
It was a hor-
the
toes, rinse and place in a granite or
Put them in a
hafd not scorch
GUARD THE CIIILDREN'9 EARS
A high English medical authority, Sir William Dal by, has recently writtei a treatise on the preservation of the
hearing, in which he speaks with
Motionless as a statue he stood for | strongest terms of reprobation, of the an instant, gauging the distance with his eye, his head thrown well to one side.
Then as the lion rose in the air for
onset of the charging lion
"cruel and iniquitous practice of boxing the children's ears."
Blows on the head of any sort are
his final spring, the gentle horse kick-I apt to be permanently injurious, and
ed out with both heels and caught anyone who has studied physiology, the great cat squarely under the jaw.
No lion that ever lorded the jungle
could withstand that blow. The tawny derstand how easily a violent box on beast rolled over in the dust, and with the ear may rupture the ear drum and
tail dragging on the ground crawled perhaps produce incurable deafness, into the jungle to nurse his sore jaw.
The horse began again cropping the
grass by the river as if nothing had and parents who do not understand the happened. Again the steamer stopped, danger of such chastisement will do Meanwhile the dervish attacks on In seven minutes, the lion emerged well to take heed and avoid it. our front and left flank had fully de- from his retreat and resumed the	18	more startling to l>e told that
veloped. The huge force, that looked chase.	a drop of laudanum put into the ear to
at a distance of 2,000 yards as if they The horse, tired and lamed by the relieve earache may produce perman-were going to cross our front, brought unaccustomed ground, was easily over- ?nt trouble, nevertheless it is so. Noth-up their left shoulders	and charged	taken. But not	again did he gather	mg	of any sort	should be injected into
straight down on the front face of our	his strength for	a mighty kick. He	the	ear except	by medical advice. If
position. The dervish charge at Abu	I did not need to do so.	laudanum	and glycerine are used they
Klea was certainly magnificent, but	I	A second rifle shot from the	steam-	i	should be	pu! on	a bit of cotton wool
there the ground favored them, being	I	er deck stretched the lion dead.	r\nd rane	If1U8t	* V,*n ,no^ t0 Put
undulating and bushy; the distance	I	(Without a look at his dying	foe the	j	the cotton	in too	far. lhe nest aurists
they had to cross was not nearly so Arab resumed his twice interrupted positively forbid syringing the ears, JPrincess street, sir, said a cabby great., and the fire brought to bear I meal.	where it is necessary to cleanse
cod	becomes	delicacy	itself	if	the	fish	outside	a	Yorkshire	street	railway	on them could not for	one moment	I	In the morning	the steamer was run	'hem prescribe	surgical cotton twist-
ls shredded	while	raw,	all	the	skin	station	to his	fare.	Why,	that's	only	compare with the terrible	nature of the	I	close in shore, a	gangplank was put	6,1	the end ofa wire, the wire being
half a minute's walk from ere.	fire we were now	pouring into	the	lout and an Arab groom began softly	carefully covered and the cotton pro-
Never mind, drive away, answered	Khalifa's advancing	army.	calling the stallion's name. Without a	jccting for an inch beyond it
the gentleman.	Orie striking instance	of	fanatical	I moment's	hesitation he	walked	on	t{ie cotton must be	carefully and
But I can't charge you less than 18	courage was the advance	of	a large	I board and	marched to	his	stall	on	tenderly applied,
pence, mix ; that's the legal fare.	white flag, which was borne aloft well I deck.	*n °ase. nt eornrhe i he only safe home
All right., my good man; only start	to the front of the	advancing	force.	I (He had had enough of lifiertyl	remedy is a hot water bag, or	better
quickly, and I'll give you a couple of ft must have changed hands many |	roasted onion, very hot, done
fares.	times, but as the standard-bearer fell I	—------------------ up first in newspaper and then in flan-
Cabhy jumped upon the box with a another seized It and carried it forward I	rOVflOT TNG	Pv an' appIie<1 on the outside over
beaming face, flicked up his horse and in the same manner, until at the last I	*	oar.
shouted jocosely to an imaginary wife:	there was a small group	of	six men,	| Grimes,	dejectedly—What a	perfect	In bathing, especially	in the surf,
Don't wait dinner if I’m late, Mary	within 200 yards of our line, bravely	I fool I am.	cotton wool should he pul	into the ears,
Ann ! I'm takin' the King p' Klon-	struggling along until they all	bit	the	I Mrs. Grimes, soothingly—No one is	otherwise a sudden and violent	influx
dike to his himperiaj ha,bode!	I dust and thfl flag lay stretched on the | perfect, dear.	°* water may do serious harm. I
however superficially, will readily un
There are many such cases on record
THEY WERE BRAVE MEN
/ with two slices of rye bread, cut very
thin. Take one and spread first with made mustard, then with cottage cheese, butter the other slice, and when the two are laid together the sandwich is done.
Codfish Delicacies.—A dish of salted
NO ONE ELSE, SURELY
and bone removed, washed several times in cold water and then cooked in plenty of fresh water should be drained and covered with cream, which has been heated and thickened with an egg or two beaten up well in a tablespoonful or so of
cream; then add a dash of cayenne to give it a zest, and you have prepared for breakfast or luncheon a dainty that will justify you in fancying yourself for the real of the day. And that's
Even
Then it
r
###PAGE###4###

E. HODCIMS & SONS.
L -w church party. The primate declared plainly that the doctrine of the real pres once, ae embodied practically in the doc ttine consubstantiation, is permitted, though not expressly taught, by thv church of England; that, although com»
The Gquity.
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 20, 1898.
zv/x^ -V'-V.	_	______
„ m tl „	. ,	^	pu’sory confession is absolutely illegal, sann	^
Mr. J. B. Tyrell, Dominion (o>\ern voluntary confusion is legal and no clergy JjJ I^QSJl ¦ • ¦
mont Geologist and explorer, has returned mAn i8 justified in refusing to hear it.
t) Ottawa, after	a six months'	sojourn	in	He commended prayers for the dead, but	*	¦	_	_	1	m
forbade invocation of the saints on the vir-	A rrl	y H.I	5,
gin. Ho declared the elevation and reaer-1	™ ® T w
the country in gold to be vast, and pro vation of the sacrament and use incense are
diets that the output next	year	will	bv	nonpermisaible; but, he approved as a
double the yield	this season.	certain revival of the ritual, in conformity
with the prescriptions of the prayer book.
Practically, the primate sanctions all A great many complaints are being ro doctrines and practices which the low
ceived by the Government regarding the churchmen have so vehemently condemn
voters’ lists on which the late plebiscite | ed, and the churchmen are proportionately elated. Though they disagree with
some points, most of the clergy will fall thousands of qualified electors were n«'t | jnto |ine with the primate's charges, or
the lists. As provided for by the Franchise Act passed last session, the pro
«•* rf "t r I
been anything but satisfactory. t u c|lurche8 during the first Sunday in NoDominion Franchise law was costly in its j vein her. operations it was at least no humbug,
which certainly cannot be said of the new I The United States navy is about to be Act, which is becoming to be regarded as | increased by ,».» new warships.
a genuine absurdity, and thoroughly un- Porto Rico is to be garrisoned by six workable. Some people go so far as to| thousand American troops.
predict that the new act will be repeal The Imperial Commissioners sent out ed next session, and that the Government by Her Majesty’s government to examine
cl cm ,h, old FrauobU. A„, | £
the construction of powerful defensive works at the various strategic points commanding the approaches to the city.
i
Gentfemen are taking advantage of the opportunity afforded them for securing à fine suit from C. FRAME and are rushing in their orders.
A word to the wise is sufficient.
He reports the richness of
the Yukon
piNE FURS.
WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED A NICE LOT
Our Fur De partaient is overflowing with the finest range we have ever
shown.
It is stated that many
vote was taken
OF
Men’s
new
injunctions.
Kensit, whose followers have been some*
on
G. FRAME.
Fall
Latest styles in all the leading Furs.
p s.— We are leaders in Pine Tailoring.
Caps
Season of 1898.
with some amendments
in latest shapes and
Buyers are invited to inspect our Goods
PRICES THE LOWEST.
The Pontiac Woollen Mille
SIR WILFRID'S PLEDGE
The Toronto Star unearths a paragraph from a speech delivered by Sir Wilfrid Laurier in Toronto, when the awful Tories were in office, which should be framed and presented to Mr. Fielding. It reads:
14 Has the expenditure gone down? No, it has gone up. It went up two, three, five, ten millions and more, until it is now thirty-eight millions; and the Conservatives do not shrink front it, but swallow it all If we come into power we will follow the example of Mr. Mackenzie; and 1 say that although we may not be able to bring back the expenditures to what they were under him, we can reduce the amount two, yes, three million dol-ars per year. ”
This is a definite promise on his own fifftir»* to reduce the annual expenditure to th y five millions.
Njw the very first year the Liberals came into power, they spent over thirty-eight millions on consolidated fund—n ar ly a million and a half more than the Conservatives did the preceding year— and more than three millions and a half additional on capital account. Their second year of power over the treasury —last i year—they ran the expenditure mi consolidated fund up to thirty eight and a halt millions and the total expenditure t«« forty-four millions. Their main estimate for the year we are now passing through was over thirty-nine millions on consoli dated fund and nearly forty-five millions all told; and this is invariable added he*v 1 ily by supplementary estimates, the totals of which we will not know until Parlia
f I
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.
right qualities. Prices ranging from
50 TO 750.
Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of the farmers of the surrounding country.
J. H. SHAW.
For the greater convenience oj my customers, in addition to my Storehouse at Bristol,
I hare erected two new Store houses—one at McKee’s and the other at Wyman’s— and am prepared to buy all kinds of good, clean
Grain, for which I will pay | SQUARE DEALING-.
the highest price the market will allow.
E. HODGINS & SONS.

P. S.—Men’s Overcoats.
1	P. S.—Winter Caps and Furs now in stock.
2	P. S.—We want your grain trade.
f
l
/
Carding, Spinning, tic,
-----o
done on shortest notice and with the usual satisfaction
to customers.
i
3
E. GRAHAM.
£. HQDCINS & SONS.
J. G. RffloQuiPE, FALL MILLINERY
OPENING
The large stock of Goods In connection, namely of-.
Elmslde, Oct. I7lh 1896.
TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, SERGES, FLANNELS, PRINTS, &%
#
UNDERTAKING.
n
Butcher
and
Grocer
If)
Hiss Hie McRae’s,
SUCCESSORS TO
A; SMILEY, UNDERTAKER,.
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
will be found ready for the Full Trade with a choice supply of
ment meets again.
It is this kind of thing which is carrying discouragement throughout the Liberal ranks. Very many Liberals marched with the party, through the long eighteen years of exile because of a sincere belief in the promise of their leaders. They expected a lowetfd expenditure, honest gov- I flROPFRIFS eminent, a freeing of the civil service from	1
partizan control and all the rest of it, when their party came into power.
And thfe records show something of what they have received instead. Expendituie has incaeased; the revenue—i.e., taxation —has increased ; the debt has grown, money has been borrowed; 14 business it business ” methods have prevailed ; the civil service has been kept under the shadow of a veri-able reign of terror.
It is possible the sincere Reform-of the days when there was nothing I	A call will convince intending
to stand for but principle, can be sat-	purchase is that our goods are
isfied with this result of their “glorious	as represented, and that our
victory. M—Montreal Star;	| pi ices will compare favorably
WÊÊÊÊM	with any store in the county,	I invited.
Shawville,
S AT U RD A Y, SEPT. 10.
will be found of the latest design, of superior manufacture, and at prices that cannot be honestly nnder-
. . cut. . .
Fresh mihI Cured
# # #
MEATS
—o
w ith a complete stock of—
The above tirtn having purchased the Undertaking business and equipment) of Mr. Arthur Smiley, have also secured his services as manager of the same for a term of months, which is a sufficient guarantee that the requirements of the establishment will be fulfilled with the same degree of satisfaction as formerly.
HATS
A COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN
CANNED GOODS, CONFECTIONERY, CANDIES (all kinds)

i
An
— COMPRISING—
Ladies’ Walking Hats,
Ladies9 Sailor Hats,
Children’s Tams, &c.
—ALSO A NICE RANCE OF—
Inspection
—also a variety of—
WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYERS.
Fresh Seasonable FRUIT
A complete stock of Funeral Supplies
will be kept on hand.
SILK VELVETS,
FLOWERS d
A. HODGINS,
PROPRIETOR.
era
FEATHERS
—OFFICE. AT THE OLD STAND—
MAIN STREET, - - SHAWVILLE
An inspectson of stock is respectfully
JAS. CUTHBERT80W,
JA6. GRAHAM.
J. G. McGUIRE,
Georgian Bay Canal
ÂfôMS roR.TME
MAIN ST., SHAWVILLE
MAYOR PREFONTAINE OF MONTREAL, AP PROVES OF THE PROPOSED NEW
waterway.
NEW
GOODS
mmm
?
—K
??
Montreal, Oct. 13.—Mayor Prefoc-taino was banquet!ed by his friends at the Place Vigor hotel last evening, mayor after thanking his friends for the demonstration in his honor, dwelt upon the necessity for harbor improvement and other matters needed to ensure the city’» progress. He incidentally referred to the Georgian Bay Canal scheme in these words:	“ If it is necessary to build the
Georgian Bay Canal so as to shorten the Communication between the great lakes and Montreal by 305 miles and have a waterway to the interior of the country, Which would not be equalled by any other grand enterprise in the world, let us have it by all means.”
NEW
GOODS
À. J. JACKSON.

The
Furniture Furniture Furniture
good quality and of all styles at
Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.

3

SHAWVILLE, QUE.
I am now receiving and
passing into stock a complete range
3
\
9
v A
0
IS.
of
/
IX
&
%
House & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator.
FALL GOODS
W :»
3

Z,

a;
LX
%

OF ALL LINES
m

v

To which I wish to call the attention ot my customers and the public generally.
c
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
S Marlin Repeaters (
hsre Solid Tops, nheddlng water like a f V9 duck's back, (fur 197-paoe boot (lust out) — Î tells all about them. Up-to-date lu for- C/ matlon about powders,black and smoke- . less; proper sixes, quantities, how to hundreds of bullets, lead, alloyed, j-v'ketsd. soft-nosed, mushroom, etc.:	*
trajectories, velocities, penetration*. All It calibres a to 46; how to care for arms and ft tbsr things, Imelmdlmg many trade jTI v a secrets never before given to the public. V
'ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
ArchtilsSop of Caitsrbury on Ritual-
The goods have been selected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intending purchasers.
Ism
O
LOW CHURCH MEN GET A SEVERE BET
BACK
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP^AND 8AT-
/ load
?
I8FACT10N GUARANTEED.
London, Oct. 15 —Since John Kenait'a anti-Ritualigtic cruaade, churchmen have been awaiting anxiously for the utterance of the Archbishop of Canterbury on the grave questions raised, which have agitated the whole body of churchmen. In a series of charges to the clergy, delivered this week, the primate speaks in no uncertain voice. He caused a profound impression in church ciro’es and deeply aggrieved the
1.000 0
JAMES M°ARTHUR,
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
SILAS YOUNG,
Starke’s Comers.
SHAWVILLE.

For Prices on MARLINS, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
>?
?
i
###PAGE###5###












to 33e per cwt. and Canadian Cumberland ___	cute at 48s. Oa the 26th ult., prtctio-
TXR.HTACKHOVSE.Br.Denttet,will vlett|,ll|y the same date, the beat bacon hoga MJ the undermentioned plaoee on thedatee J in Toronto were $4 62 1-2 while the top
price for live huge in Buffalo warn $4 20.
The Canadian packer waa thus getting for hie finished product in the English market nearly f>0 per cent more than hie American rival, while he waa only paying the Canadian hog producer an advance of about 10 per cent over the American price for live hogs.
“ One more point: The American prise
easpiSBIPS DRESS GOODS.
——o—	Uinlng 100 acres, and situated ij mllea from
THE GEORGE MATTHEW’S CO. REPLY.	rth?MVl.V«*i Ab<H,Vi 6<,#firre# cleared end
. .	—	1 here's lots of enthusiasm in our Dress Goods Depart- ci«v and io»mllmixêd°nTiie,epi"ernuLga,re
ment The magnificent display i. the result of our reaching S£«SSS
Publie	bee.br	.be, lb. W3SS6.t	^T., ^	^ """""
general Collection Roll for the| Municipality sell the bacon in England the aame day tllO most CritlCcll SOieCtlOn, and th© important feature of ofHhawvIlle ha* been made and completed or week that the hog is taken from the r	r* .	.	,	1
tSUM^ICoSBe1M elMSÎSlS:	... while the figure, give,, are ^'itlk (ost is attached to every line of goods we handle.
surer. All ratepayers fare hereby required nominally correct, the Comparison is alto call and settle the amount of their lazes	n.tr»v
within the twenty days following the date of v	yV	m
this notice.	1 he Sun quotes liye hoga in Toronto
_ Given at Shawvllle this 4lh day of October, on August 18:h as $6 25 alive, which
equals $8 33 dressed weight and hams in Liverpool on August 10»h at 37s to 43s per cwt. ( 112 pounds ); is $9.20 per 100 *11	pounds, less freight, insurance and com-
bnawvillo	mission, gives the packer here about the
TIaab Vaaiaaw same price for cured hams boxed as he is ù&SA and Door f &Cv0ry * paying the farmers for dressed hogs.
With the cold weather of the autumn
DENTISTRY.
Notice.
warned i
Hhaumlle, Tuesdayt Oct. 25th. Campbell'» Bay, Wednesday, Oct. 25th.
Notice I* hereby ilven that the owners of f»i* Noe. 12 to 22, lucloslve, on the 8Ui range •itid Lots 7 to 22, Iniih Inclusive, ou the 9th I range of Calumet Inland. forbid any person »r pt-rsons from cutting or removing any ilmner, hunting or treapesalng In any way
on one or any of the above loti, (the mineral
burl ness not Included l Parties found so-doing will be dealt with according to law.
G. F. HODGINS
Painless extraction of teeth.
Parties will oblige by calling early.
. . Success with . .
By order.
Business Stand lo Rent.

Farm For Sale.
MRS. (WIDOW) C. MoCAGG.
Bryson, Sept. 26, 1H96.
Notice.
Province of Quebec, I Municipality of Hhawvllle. >
GEO. C. liODOiNS,
on he Bromines, or by letter to Hliawvllle P. O
I
Visit this special Department.
You will be interested.
i
O
LORD VELVO
1898.
J. R. HORNER,
Hec.-Treas.
WE HAVE LATELY PASSED INTO STOCK
(28,911)
By GENEVA, 2.11 ». Trial 2.08. Dam, Velveteen, 2 31 i. “ 2.26J
LADIES’ WRAPPERS
3
Something many ladies have been waiting for—goods made
and large quantitie. of freeh meat and I up specially for OUf OWH business. Regular Stock SÎZCS of
I WraPPers “re 32 to 40.
prudent for the packers, remembering that it takes two months from the time hogs are bought until the meats are read) for the market, to look ahead and to anticipate as far as possible any changes.
The big difficulty is to impress the farmer with the fact that to get the most motny out of his hogs it is necessary for him to I with ValtlC ply the market with the right class of stock at the right time. The time has
gone by for hog. to be all delivered in The The reason is very plain why we do better for
winter months—the meat put in salt and _	,	,	,,	, .
held for summer trade.	RCaSOfi. ShoppCIS than Others RFC doillg. I he Output
culmg	yeZJ"	tl.is store has no equal in the county Goods are
ter and summer alike. The consumer bought direct and at lowest spot cash prices. We are more want, mild fresh cured bacon. He wont t|liU1 }iearty—we are real practical in our invitation to visit
take bacon held in salt six months any	% i o ..	.
the farmer should market his I tho |)60pl6 S ItlVOritG StOl’0.
McCredie & Hodiins, Proprietors.
Thie fastest son of Geneva, the fastest Trotting Stallion ever owned in Canada, will make a Fall Season at Shaw-ville at the following moderate terms :
One Mare Parties breeding Two Mares 25.00,
with privilege of return if mares prove not in foal.
Bashes, Doors, Mouldings, Blinds, etc., manufactmed to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
o
Ladies’ Jackets and Capes.
. 815.00.
We will please you with stylish goods, and we’ll please
C\Ottawa^ Business College.
(Established 38 years.)
sup
$ps|

/

.« •*.
Fall term commences Auguat 15th. A permanent stuff" of four experienced able expert teachers ; thirty two years of uninterrupted success ; being endorsed by the leading business and professional men of the Capital : each graduate getting the Diploma of the Business Educators' Association ol Canada ; the success of our graduates (they are to bo found everywhere) are points for your consideration. Send for new Catalogue.
JOHN KEITH, Principal, 148*154£ Bank St., Ottawa.

> •

* _ <•
7

-5—' -
v
SC A
l
V,


¦ t



r?*

J
mm
— %
a >
%

more, so
hogs regularly during the year, not a feast at one season and famine at another.
Another point the farmers should know that it is impossible to make bacon for the English market of hogs brought to market dressed. The packer must have them alive to pay the highest price.
It would also be well to remember that hogs for Britain must be the selection to make the class of bacon the Englishman wants—about 160 to 220 lbs. alive ; nothing lighter or heavier will do. Hogs under or ovc-r these weights have to go into competition with States meats, which is generally lower in price than Canadian. This fall when prices started to go down farmers held the hogs back, thinking the market couldn’t do without them; then the hogs got too fat for the better selection and prices had to go still lower. This is why there has been such a rapid fall iu values since Sept. 1st. Yours truly,
The Geo. Matthew’s Co.
KW
G-, F. HODGINS’

STOVES.
- - Departmental Store.
TDEADY
Tl» L.
o
P.S .—Clearing the deck for fall and winter Furs.
The season for Stoves has now set in and the public will find me fully prepared to meet all thnir requirements with a
first-class assortment of
Tie Winter Trade.
COOKING, BOX
There are 110 trunks in the baggage cars, many of them of immense size and containing the ball dress es of the Em press. One enormous box, which doç* not leave the Emperor’s vicinity, is in charge of a high functionary. It contains valuable gifts and diamond decorations for Orient-1 tfoc|al8f valued at 4,000,000 marks.
Only six horses were taken, and they are for the Emperor’s personal use. The Sultan of Turkey b >ught 30 carriage horses in Berlin for the use of the Empress of Germany and her suite. The Sultan also bought in Berlin all the uniforms N. S., Oct. 13.—Great activ | and weapons needed in the ceremonies, ity prevails in military circles here. Re
Sierre L one, West Africa October I WTO Mil are being rapidly enlisted in I it wsa announced in a despatch from Ber-
or anything in connection with the I II.—Native chii fs to the number of one *10 **rat Battalion Leinster Regiment ]jn last night to the Associated Press,
hundred have been arrested and are awair I R>yal Canadian* for two years instead ot started yesterday for Kainenx castle, Sax-I ing trial at Freetown, capital of the Brit- seven and over 200 men have been secured ewy, to attend the funeral of Princess
ish c<»lony of Sierre Leone, for the murder I far* ihe enlistment officers have their | Maria.	_________________
of American and other missionaries at hands full and are eager to secure all who Kwelin, in May last. A number of the willing to join. A large bonus is chiefs implicated have already been cor -1 being offered, victed.
The rebellion in May, 1889, which led to the massacre of the missionaries on the West Coast of Africa, grew out of the dissatisfaction of the natives with the imposition of the hut tax and spread
sa*	’zssi&zrffL.....................
themselves and without regard to the •«Archer, Hatfield and Sc lien ok. Othei Lf both lines will bo put on the service,
hiMüî te ,h-
founded or not.	I ca ,,m to Freeto^n^-"^^ **
On August 18 he beat live bacon roady eurrounded the building when the Holy Land. They will go direct to Con- The trade returns of the Dominion for I hogs sold in Toronto at $<> 26, a little ,al|or„ appeared on the scene and rescued '‘«ntinople and from there to Palestine, the first quarter of the current fiscal year. p m. higher than they were on the 1st of that	the won)Hn	The suite of the Emperor included	Gen.	ending 20th September last, show an in	s «	Leave
mon h. On the 10th of the same month, A British expedition	was subsequently	”ral Physician Leuthold, Count	Von	crease in the aggregate trade of the coun	* 1
urM-” 8 t<Lljïe tr , ® circular of Carter, riegpet0hed ,0 t),e acene „f ,be unnsiiw Eulenburg, the grand marshal of the court. try of about seven million dollars over the I 8 is tlkinson & Co of Liverpool, Csnadian	flnd cretlJated bodies of	the murdered mis	!ien- Von Hahnke, the chief of Hie	Ma-	same peiiod last year. It must also be	,
hams were quoted in England at 37s to	«toners were recovered.	The British then	J"sty's private military cabinet;	Dr.	remembered that last year's figures were	|	8.47	"
• > Yk T?, ,, , k .k	«	-everly punished the rebellious natives,	"on Lucanus, the chief of His Majesty’s	the highest on record.
On the first of October the same	fitm	but the aearch for Mrs. Cain who had fled	C'VI* cabinet; Baron Von Buelow, the The aggregate trade for the	quarter	isi,w
still quoted Canadian barns at 37s to	43>,	lc [he bueh at the time of the massacre	Minister of Foreign Affairs; Legation	$87,282,409, comparer! with	$80,797,394	r.M	"
but meantime in Toronto live hogs	bad	proved fruitless, and it waa concluded ah.	Councillor Klemhet and a number of oth	for the same time in 1897.	££	"
dropped to $4.62 1 2. On the 1st tost. WM killed.	er officials.	I There is an increase in the imports of U 03	••
Toronto packers were getting the same	.	The Empress has with her three l.dtes	over$11,000.000, and s decrease	in the Ujj	“
price for hams that they were tn the third	The States of Louisans	and Mississippi „f the court and Court Marshal Baron	exports of about $4,000,000.	?47
week of August, but they were paying have been quarantined on	account	of	yel-	Von Mirbach. The imperial party is	also
the Canadian porducer $1.62 1 2 per cwt. I low fever.	accompanied by a body of gendarmes	and
¦ess for the hoga that produced the I	•	by eighteen querries, the gendarmes have
hams.	Le Solie), of Quebec, has compiled a been taught photography and by the Em-
“ Another point: On the 1st of October I return showing that the plebiscite vote peror’e order, will photograph everything Carter, Wilkinson & Co. quoted Àmeri-1 gives a majority of	twenty	thousand	of interest, under the instructions ot Bureau Cumberland cute in England at 30s * against prohibition. J	geon Major Gueasow Sojuenzahl
The Aunt of Sir John A Dead
nTENDING TORCHARErtH will find me now in readiness for the opproachtng Winter trade with a large stock of
I
AND
Kingston, Oct. 15. - Yesterday morning Maria, widow of the late John Alex* auder Macphorson, and daughter of the lato Captain Alexander Clark, of Dalvan-oi t, Scotland, died at her residence, Un* ion street, aged 92 years. She was aunt of the late Sir John A. Macdonald.
PARLOR STOVES
CUTTERS
WITH EVERYTHING TO FURNISH THE KITCHEN IN TtiE
-LINE OF-
Tin and Aguts Ware,
at prices t>a low as the lowest,
Furnaces. Steam & Hoi Water Heaters
satisfactorily fitted up.
H. PERRY,
MAIN ST. - SHAWVILLE.
Clot up in the latest and most stylish designs and finish.
An Inspection of these flrst-class Rigs Is respectfully Invited.
Ottawa, Oct. 14th, 1898.
What docs this Mean ?
UNUSUAL MILITARY ACTIVITY TO ENLIST RESERVE MEN AT HALIFAX.
Pay the Penalty.
—o
As usual I am prepared to execute all orders for
A HUNDRED NATIVE CHIEFS UNDER ARREST AT FREETOWN, SIERRE LEONE.
The Emperor and Empress of Germany,
Sloops, Sleighs, &o.,
Blacksmithing business.
ARTHUR SMILEY,
Shawville
From there, it is to be presumed, they will proceed on their journey to Constantinople.
SHAWVILLE, Q1E.
LIVERY.
Hon. Geo. Foster, in a speech the other day, predicted that there will never be prohibition in Canada until a majority of oj**nlÇM ?f Parliament are elected. JR
f ivor of it.
Ocean Mail Service
Are Parmore Being Bled?
CONTRACT AWARDED TO AÈLAN AND DOMINION LINES.
FARMER’» SUN MAKES A CHARGE AGAINST
FORK DEALERS.
First class horses and rigs at popular prices.
Spacial attention paid to the commercial trade.
I
The wildness of the West Continués L show itself in the columns of thi West’s press. One Winnipeg piper just to hand alludes to a contemporary as an ineffable bumpkin, pitchforked into his position as editor, and as a guy who is rapidly making himself the laughing stock of Winnipeg journalism, whose wit is of that style,
“ which one might expect, from the bucolic Smart Alecks who kick their heels against the counters of the local store in the remote parta of the ninth concession of an Ontario township.” The conclusion is that he will never mend himself. He is too dense and dull to observe or realize !	" =
that the town is laughing at him. To add to the painfulness of the situation it has to be stated that the case is that of one lending Liberal journalist describing
Write & Mi
r t m rf

m
They’re Off.
‘
Mi
SUITES} OF THE EMPEROR AND EMPRESS OF GER SAN Y SET OUT FOR THE HvLY
LAND.

V4
Pontiac Pacific Jonction Ey.
Berlin, Oct. 12.—The suites of the Em
o
Official Time Table :
Aylmer tBreckenrldge UEardley Parker’s Crossing V Mohrs Quyon Wyman's ? Tank Bristol MeKe- ’e Bhawvllle Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank rVlnton Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
•Flag Station. tTauk. fFlag Station.
Arrive 9 45
9.21
6.12
U
8.06
M
8 58

6 26
8 50
it
8 40
ii
8 22
8.56
M
II
8.14
8 68
44
44
8 08
it
i«
8 02
7 52 7.81
44
7.18
44
7.16
ii
7.06
6.54
ii
6 39
The imports are $44,190.170, at against 1 8.55 Arrive $32,990,471 fur the previous year.
The exporta are $43,465,035, compared with $47,806,924 in 1897.
The duty of the current year is $6,784,
944, aa against $5,127,700, an tncreaae^of $1,657,244.
Leave 6.30
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway Aylmer.
P. W. RESSBMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT.
###PAGE###6###
.... ,),« I inklimr of t ho bell of the Scotch Homed spirit, to the oily of the biens- coral places of the ocean dept ha where before the minds of the Hebrews, ami kirk Your little child may be sleep- *d."	Leviathan sports with his follows - though in the earliest days they could
¦* ee* ees
there, because right Is'aide him was n„t at ,hia. for I he hour Is coming locked, will hurst open; and all the	as they submit lo hi. w 11.
my dear. good. old. beautiful. Vhris- wh„n who are in their gmve. shall K-aves of the dead will begm to throb help to «well t ha çhoruso# Ihankagiv-tian mother, and it seemed as if she oome forth." The other swarthy pas- and heave like the waves of the sea; mg. Bui there la doubt leas a much said :	l was tired and 1 came to lad angl, ia ,htB:	-The Lor<1 shall descend the mausoleum of princes will fall fu 1er sense. God s glory is to he die-
a little early. I am glad you have fr„m heaven with a shout, and the mlo the dust; and Ostend and Sehas- played on earth and his character come; it seems as of old." Oh, it is voice of the archangel, and the trump <°pol. «"<! Austerlli and Geliys- made known here m a very peculiar a consolation to feel that when men of God. and the dead in Christ shall burgh, stalk forth in the lurid nlr; way
come, and with solemn t read carry arise first," Oh there will lie auoh a and the shipwrecked rtae from the deep, 4. The posts of the door moved, you out to your resting-place, they thing as a resurrection.	their wet ocks looming above the liil- The bases of the doorway shook."
stressez,z urtfs àsslSHEateF
growths, r was, some time ago, in a |OIigi lithe willows. Then at the t rum- shll,, . witl : |h soim, ,Kt,ticles| XX hlIe 1 Present 1 llt*se thoughts this soul. I nm a man of unclean li*w. The
JH EHE S SBHE S- ®BF*
ÜS1S iiwmisilii
mmm pmm pisti
fer a spirit coming hack in that day '"ends who are gone, it seems to m setousucss of guilt. Isaiah, being a I O find t he myriad particles of its own ,ve ,8'an'* 0,1 <>“c bank and I hey stand professional talker, fell his mortal body, when they may have I wen scat- p™ *1<‘ ot h8r’ aml >* is only a narrow weakness most upon his lips." Mine to red by the winds or overlaid by I ^ ream, and our Voices go and 'hem eyes have seen the King. And there-whole generations of the dead-look- \olc®;s com*- H-uk. Hush. I hear < foie, according to Jewish tradition, he ing for the myriad particles of its own înct ly wtl,l( 8ay: * ie,s®v V* wafi doomed.
body, while there are a thousand mil- hey w*10 ®ome. °,u grtVl fibula- 6. A live coal. A glowing «tone. In
ssiSÜ'BiSï SiiSlKIH
. It was sad, but it was beautiful. d“?f' “/ <" »«' 'hem w,t h°f Jl*r£‘. from our eyes.” May God. by His in-1 *°	0ne ot thp,n
>"•«¦ L ™	sr.m -«„	s ssursMK^iou *“»,n -
two men thought it worth their while rise. One on earth. One in heaven. 1 • . H‘* <,tt^ W1M l°me nnf1 flV‘l m>
the promised land.	arc ours yet-ours for ever f	I S'™” ^y more myster.es? Bung | INTERNATIONAL LESSON. OCT. 23.
But this morning I bring you a larg-| IM , conaolo you agatu w„h the ! of scepUcisra îwlîl ma^h'ih^e two I , er cluster from the heavenly Kschol fact of your present acquaintanceship champions:	“Marvel not at this, for
—a cluster of hopes, a cluster of pros- and communication with your departed the hour is coming when all who are |
friends. 1 have no sympathy,	their
not say, with the ideas of modern
MARCH OF BOD'S PEOPLE
THE REV. DR. TALMAGE PREACHES All INSTRUCTIVE SERMON.
4 CT vanter From the Heavenly Knehol 4
a Fleeter of Pro of Fhrlntlao Foe mol
Fleeter of Hopes npeeta, a Flutter 1 at Ion —Departed Friend* -No Aynipatli.v With 11 ode ni Spirit eallvin -There Will
Be a Kennrreellon
A despatch from Washington Dr. Tnlmago preached from the follow-
And they came unto the
says
ing text
brook of Eschol, and cut down from thence a branch with one cluster of and they bare it between two
The whole

grapes
upon a staff.”—Numbers xiii The long trudge of the Israelites across the wilderness was almost ended. They had come to the borders of the promised land. Of the six hundred thousand adults who started from
23
Egypt for Cm naan, how many do you suppose got there Î Five hundred thousand? Oh, no. Not two hundred thousand, nor one hundred thousand, nor fifty, nor twenty, nor ten ; but only two men. Oh. it was a ruinous march that God’s people made ; hut their children were living and they were on the march, and now that they had come up to the borders of the promised land, they were very curious to know what kind of a place it was, and whether it would be safe to go over
At
So a scout -
« net
come
were
tiered up and spread its wealth all over the arbour. The sun and shower had
mixed a cup which the vine drank until with flushed cheek it lay sluinhering in the light, cluster against the cheek of cluster. The rinds of the grapes seemed almost bursting with the juice in the warm lips of the aut-
M rs
the resurrection wrote beautifully with the tears blood of her own broken heart:
, _	. .	There was a shaded chamber
umnal day. and it seemed as if all you \ silent watching band,
had to do was to lift a chalice towards On a low couch a suffering child
Grasping her mother's hand.
/
the cluster and its life-blood would begin to drip away. Hut. my friends In these rigorous climes, we know noth-
But mid the grasp and struggle With shuddering lips she cried ing about large grapes. Strabo states Mother, oh. dearest mother,
Bury me by your side.'
that in Bible times and in Bible lands
there were grape-vines so large that Only one wish sue uttered,
As life was ebbing fast.
Sleep by my side, dear mother, And rise with me at last.' "
it took two men with outstretched
1
arms to reach round them, and he says there were clusters two cubits in length, or twice the length from the get her
smitten with fever one grape slake his thirst for the whole day. No urnis
now wag
put to a better Use—that of sanctifying the lips of the young prophet.
7. lie laid
)
___	»t upon my mouth.
" hflre he had felt, his sin. Thine in-quity is taken away. ' That is. the sin itself was cleansed. The angel could not cleanse it, however; it was the fire from the altar that, did that.
8. I heard the voice of the Lord. Isaiah’s vision may be analyzed into wha, he heard and what he saw. whom shall I send. The Lord calls for volunteers. That call was not addressed to to the
me SUNDAY SCHOOL.
ItnlAli FaIIhI to Service." Is*. 6. I I.'t, lioldcn Text. Isa. A H.
PRACTICAL NOTES.
graves shall come forth."
IR	1 he Lord shall descend from heaven
spiritualism; but what 1 mean is the with a shout, and the voice of the taste of it will rouse up your appetite	theory set forth by the apostle, when	archangel. and	trump of God. and the	ziah died. The death of King Uzziah
for the heavenly Canaan. During the	he says: "We are surrounded by a.	dead in Christ	shall rise first." You (whose grandeur had so impressed the
great cloud of witnesses." Just as see I stick to these two passages. Who
in the ancient amphitheatre there] art thou. oh. fool, that thou repliest .	.	.	.	.	. . ,
were eighty or one hundred thousand	against God?	Hath he promised, and	tory, and, as we shill see, in Isaiahs
aged have put down their staff and	people looking down from the galleries,	shall He not	do it,? Hath he com-	personal experience. I saw also the
taken up the sceptre. And the dear	upon the combatants in the centre, so,	uianded, and shall He not bring it to |	Lord
says	Paul, there is a great host of	pass?	Have you not confidence in	Ilis
your	friends in all the galleries of the	omnipotence? If He could, in the	first
sky.	looking down upon your earthly	place,	build my body, after it is	torn	look	upon	God	and	live.	\\ hen	in	ans-
It is a sweet, a consoling,	down	can He not build it again?	wer	to,	urgent	prayer	God	revealed	his
With wing of angel,
pects, a cluster of Christian consola
tions; and I am expecting that one
Verse 1. In the year that king Uz-
Isaiah merely but millions of Judah; but only Isaiah heard it, or, hearing it, responded with the rapture of obedi-Here am I ; send me. His whole life was changed. He
mourns impotently over his sin. His
whole nature is eagbr for
9. Go, and tell this people
message of absolute purity, and only
a man of pure lips can deliver it. It
,	, . «H I .	4	.	*• ,iis a Grange message; hardly a mes-
1 would, believe | glory to Moses it was only a partial *nge at all. But more a prophecy of
revelation. Sitting upon a throne, high how the people would treat him. Hear-
and lifted up. The thrones of the East |	hut understand not. Listen,
and hear not. See ye indeed, but per-
Look and see not
past summer some of this congregation have gone away never to return. The
nation, marked an era in Jewish his-
ence
no longer

In vision. The tradition of
service
children, some oi mem, have been gathered in Christ’s arms. He found this
the Hebrews was that no man could
It is a
world too rough a place for them, and struggles
so He has gathered them in. And oh, a scriptural idea^J how many wounded souls there are— earth and heaven are in constant corn-wounds for which this world offers no munication. Does not the Bible say: medicament, and unless from the Goa- "Are they not sent forth as minister-pel of our Lord Jesus Christ there shall ing spirits to those who shall be heirs come a consolation, there will be no of salvation?" And when ministering consolation at nil.	spirits come down and see us, do they
I have thought, therefore, I would not take some message back? It is im-not be doing my duty unless from God’s posisble to realize, I know, the idea Word I brought a cluster of Christian] that there is such rapid and perpetual condolence to the people. Oh, that the intercommunication of earth and hea-God of all comfort would help me ven; but it is a glorious reality. You while I preach, and that the God of ,	a rail train and the train is in j
all comfort would help you while you full motion, and another train from hear.	the opposite direction dashes past you
First, I console, you with the Divine- 80 swiftly that you are startled; all ly sanctioned idea that your departed the way I between here and heaven is ______ _
friends	are	as much	yours	now	as	they	tilled with the up trains and	the down] that* ^solves" a rolid in “a crucible ?	I Ple at this time, or in his own cham-	.
ever were.	I	know	you	sometimes	get	trains—spirits	What makes the notches on an oak-	l»r he may have seen a vision of <he	?P‘"tuaIf .
rrF
longer yours; but the desire to have lIX news alxmt ><>u in the good land to .	'	. ,*	the almightiness depicts was that not made with hands, exac* opposite to what was said. The
SSîsS f r k “fH •£€ 5%: EB-EE	rr.....-EEaSHE-S
implanted desire, and is mightily sug- fhem in heaven to heai from you that ,. ^	,	:* » Then I will flamin8 ones, an order of beings simi- sense of his fellows was. Convert. Turn
gestive of the fact that death has no ^ey ask about you? that they *now not expiain the resurrection. You ex- lar t o Jewish traditions. Whether these around from sin to God. power to break up the family rela-	1 l°Ave Thev PIa‘n one half of the common myster- stand for an actual order of created 11. Lord, how long? How long will
BtSHS afEsSi -55 t.—,% ËEâfL-Sfflg
send?" n And ïheyViUed^our' ,Lket°s	^finite.	each seraph	was a symbol or type, and	tber	they forbear.	The land be ut-
with letters, and you started home.	Beiore the resurrection takes place,	each of t he	six wings had its meaning,	terly	desolate. The	soil become a desArriving home, the neighbors	came in,	everything will be silent. The mau-	With twain. Two. He covered his	rrt-
and one. said: "Did you see my John ?"	soleums and the labyrinths silent. The	f M Shutting out the divine gran-	.. 'Ll rP°îOV^d	.™envfar
«	atorrushsi’T v.......................^	" T
Frank?" Aud then you brought out	and the grinding of wheels as the last ,	NY Itb twain	he covered hia feet. That	13.	But yet in it	shall be a tenth,
the letters and gave them the mes-	funeral procession comes in. No breath)	the tarnish	and soil of everyday life	If even one man oui of every ten btt
sages of which you had been the bearer, of air disturbing the dust where Per- might lie concealed. It was an mstino- ^ lIJ	*l shall return, and
Do	you	suppose	that	angels of God,	sepolls stood, and Thebes, and Baby-	live action, and runs in close harmony	shall be eaten. Rather he burned up
coming down	to	this	awful battle-field	Ion. No winking of the eyelids long	with the story of the foot-washing by	The very dregs and refuse of the
of sin, and sorrow, and death, and meet-	closed in darkness. No s'lrring of the	Jesus ( hrist on the evening	of the last	tion left, in Palestine shill l>e destroying us and seeing us. and finding out	feet that once bounded the hill-: idr	supper. >\ith twain he	did fly.	e< 1. As a t ci I t ree. A	terebinth tree,
all about us, carry back no message No opening of the hand that one » llw, snd yet remained stationary, Both the terebinth and the oak sh ad to the skies? O, there is consolation	pluck" i lh#‘ flower out of the edge of	poisedion his wings. I his is	t be mean-	up again from the old	stock after bej
You are in present commun!-	i he wild wood. No clutching of mo ds	ing of the word stood in	the first	ing cut down. So t he	holy seed shall
They are in I by the men who went, down when ver-	part of this verse. Reverence, hu-l Isvcome astern or stock from which
battled and Rome fell. Silence	mility. and obedience are shown by	the future glory of the nation shall
these three attitudes of wings.	I grow.
Oh
you say
/	g	t	*	” w v* â V»!
that if you would explain it. I am not disposed to be sceptical, but explain how it can be done." My brother,
you believe n great many things you I were greatly elevated, anil their height I ^jÿe not Loofc and ^	G .
cannot explain T ou believe your mind above the courtiers in attendance was knows that the people in their Ph iri acts on your body. Explain the pro-1	'
cess. This seed planted comes up a
blue flower. Another seed planted
comes up a yellow flower.. Another I the throne of the high and holy One
seed planted comes up a white flower. wll() inhabits eternity. His train fill-Why? Why that wart on your fIn-
Tel I me why some rows have	.	,
horns, and other cows have no horns. I The word for temple ' might he trims-
Why, when two obstacles strike each | la ted "palace." It is not plain whe-other in the air, do you hear the percussion? What is that subtle energy that solves a solid in a ¦
not
a sign of the unapproachable dignity saic godliness will attend to themes-
of the King. High, indeed, must be M4,1^ a,l<{ understand the words, but
ignore the inward meaning. To force this meaning upon them Isaiah is directed in grave irony to tell them to ed the temple. The skirts of his robes. | do what he is trying to keep them from
doing.
10. Make the heart of this people fat, nnd make their ears heavy, and shut tber Isaiah was physically in the tem-1 their eyes. Literally, this means
make them impervious to holy
influences. , But the to the minds of those
no
dren at their feet? Why the bolt on the gate of our lot, and the charge to the keepers of the ground to see that the grass is cut, and the vine attended to, and the flowers planted? Why not put our departed friends in one common field of graves? Oh, it is because they are ours. That child, O stricken mother! is as much yours this morning as in the solemn hour when God put it against your heart, and said as of old: "Take this child and nurse it for me, and I will give thee thy wages." It is no mere whim. It is a Divinely-planted principle soul, and God certainly would not plant a lie, and He would not culture a lie 1 Abraham would not allow Sarah to be buried in a stranger’s grounds, although some very beautiful ground
na-
in the
in it t
cation with that land. ^R
sympathy with you now more than they I «ia H	^R	I
ever were, and they are waiting for the | from ocean beach to mountain cliff

###PAGE###7###
THE NEW GIBRALTAR.
LECTURE ON SULKS.
In the Fall
DRINK
The Stronghold I* llrlllwh i olumhln H •
Been Called Thl* Name.
The town of Esqulraault, B. C„ I» to lie razed and wiped out of existence, says the Stm Francisco Call British government hoe ordered. Upon its Bite will arise one of the greatest fortresses of the world. Tblm point is of particular interest to Californians, because this magnificently designed stronghold will be next door to us, in British Columbia, right above the Washington state line. Borne idea of its proposed strength may lie gained when it is known that the British en.- — --iii— glacera have already dubbed it "The
parilla Now Gibraltar."
saBBMa&jaaa j* rnir x ssx I *
Hood’s Pills ftsysStCtf I
able of defending this depot against completely cured by my husband dur- I any force that could be brought against ing the first year of our married life, it by sea or land ; the providing of At first when I had a fit of sulks he'd docks large enough to receive the best pet and coddle and humor and beg for and biggest examples of marine archl- : forgiveness when he hadn't done any- I tectural skill, and the establishment * thing, and a 11 this only made me more of barracks, a service prison, and other ( sulky,made me love to exhibit my pow- necessary buildings for the use and ? er over him more vigorously. Suddenly benefit of the numerous soldiers and he tried anew plan. If he left me sailors who will be required to hold « sulky in the morning bo came home the forts ami man the ships of tho sta- | 5 to luncheon in ast&he of sulkiness that | < ion.¦¦¦¦¦¦ out-matched ml
afternoon hie sulked all evening, and the result was that there wasn't
minute when one or the other of us .	..	, . .	„„„ ,
wasn't eullenly ailent. .our or obatin- «ays hat the growth of hair can to at* At thl. end of .week I'd cried stimulated by music, remarked Mrs.
SSV-t IweTi: b, ,bi„t Tu....
oide, when it suddenly flashed over me discovery, replied Mr. Darley. I ve that halt of the trouble was my fault, heard many a hair-raising song my-and I went to him and told him so. tile ¦ H6^e	! 1
folded me in his arms and said that' it had nearly killed him to be sulky, but | WARTS I that he had to do it to bring W to
The plan worked. I have
Ludella Ceylon Te»
•'Sulkiness among women has driven more mien to perdition than all of the lying, cheating, and stealing that, has aver been recorded," said a woman of the world to two young wives recently* "To be sulky means to he so many things that are thoroughly disagreeable. It means that you are a moodily
sour, olwdlnate, mor-
Your Health Should be Carefully Guarded.- Keep the Blood Pure.
of the many who enjoy this Tea. •5. 4°t 50 and 60c.
You are missing a great pleasure If you are not
LEAD PACKAGES
one
There le danger of malaria, fevers, ¦	¦	Make
Bo the
sudden colds and pneumonia, your blood rich and pure by taking Hood's Sarsaparilla, and you need not fear these dangers. Hood's Sarsaparilla has wonderful power to strengthen and fortify the system. It is unequalled for purifying, enriching and vitalizing the blood. It gently tones the stomach, creates a good appetite and invigorates every organ. It is just what Is needed at this season.
•END FOE PRICE LIST.
silent, sullen ose person all rolled in one."
"But you've just said that I have a sulky disposition, and that that accounts for my having so many little tiffs with Dick," protested one of the yeung matrons all of those things."
"And you hinted that I havje occasional fits of sulks," remarked the other newly married, girl in an objecting
ir-
: an
7
Hood’s

and I know I'm not
Il #
¦resell Leasing Shot Cunt M M ujrwarte. Revtlvere, 11.1% 11.80 te 12.00. We pont»^ay y^volvert at thin price.
A ufr >fU	"fl.60 -peiipeM anywhere la
Ike Dominion for SI00.
%
#
»
WILKINS A CO., - 100 anS 181
tom*	«
"True enough'," answered the woman of the world with a knowing laugh. "I did aay and hint those things and 1 meant thtem. We've been here together, in this hotel for six weeks now, and I do not make my charges without good reasons. How I’ve pitied your husbands and do pity them and •hall continue to pity them unless you rid yourself of thje sulking habit."
"But everybody says that Dick and I are thle most devoted couple here," interrupted one of the matron*.
"No, they say that Ned and I are," Insisted thle other.
"Of course, you are couples," went on the elderly woman hastily, "but all the same you two women sulk, and so do nine-tenths of the women in this hotel, and the world
t	f f '
Is pre eminently the Magazine of Fashion, Culture, Woman’s Work end Recreation, the Canadian
edition being identical with that published by the Butterick Publishing Co. (Limited), New York and London, it contains upwards of 125 PAGES A MONTH, Including a number of Colored and Lithographic Plates.
Of all Family Magazines It Is the Great Caterer to Domestic Needs, and c be recommended for its cheapness, usefulness, beauty, freshness and utility
SINOLE COPIES
On Delineator
If I sulked in the
D
NOT A NEW DISCOVERY.
a
15c. each
$|22a Year
A member of the French Academy
SUBSCRIPTION
PRICE:
early Winter number
Che nwemher number
IB CALLED
both devoted
and comprises a variety of matter of unsurpassed freshness and charm The present and srse-ixh tive Fashions are exhaustively described, and the Literary and Heueaheld features are er Ike usual high degree ef merit Made on Earth, a story by Cornelia Atwood Pratt, typifies the l*v# that women cherish lor a home they can call their ewn. The College Stories, by Fancy Vincest McClelland, the scenes of which are laid at Vsssar, reveal much of the significance ef celles# irit and student ties. In the series on The Common Ills of Life, by Hr. Grace Peck hail Murray, appears a paper on Obesity that will prove of general as well ns particular interest The article in the popular series on Amateur Photography, hy Sharlot M. Hall, deals sp* ideally with Toning. Eleanor Oeorgen contribute#! another scholarly chapter ef practical exercises for the Cultivation ef the Voice. A Floral Hunting Party, by Katherine E. Maxwell, outlines a delirhlfnl Indoor entertainment. The Woman's Press Associations of the ceuntry furnish material for ins regular article on Club Women and Club Life, by Helen M. Winslow. In Girls’ Interest and Occupations, by Lafayette Mr laws, will he found a nuinlwr of allnr live suggt lent group of Household Subject* is embodied in Rolls and Fancy Bread, A Thanksgiving Menu. yfV Magic Halt, and Waste in the Kitchen ; and the regular departments : Social Observances conduites M bi Mrs. Cadwalwler Jones, The Tea Table by Mrs. Witlterspeon, Fancy Stitches and Emkreiieey
/ by Emma Haywood, The hresHnaaker, Millinery, I»ee Makkmg, _ < Crocheting, Knitting, Tatting, The Latest Bo ks, ete., are as > » ’ 53 VC I U vCDtS ( complete and varied as the most fastidious could desire.
n
WARTS I I I
a
WARTS 11
The woods are full of people, who have warts end who foolishly believe that a remedy cannot be found which will painlessly remove thorn people do not know what they are
Our renders may be sure lhat three applications of Putnam's Corn Extractor, them higher than a kite tested it and know what we are talking about.
%
r
II
over, for that matter. If I were a my flenaes maji, engaged to a young woman, and never sulked a minute from that day
d,.«ve»a that .he bad a sulky dis- io..^ar"h^a gake, don't ever toll position, I should first try to break her Dick that stery," pleaded Dick's wife, of the tendency, and if I couldn’t "i'll stop of my own accord." do that I'd break the engagement. Men "And so will I," declared Mrs. Nod.
(neither are women, mind you), but aja<| on]y wonder is that men stand they'd be In that cose. Bulky women ; sulky women as well as they do" ta use more friction in home life than any other kind of disagreeable wives.
Sulkiness grows on o
< »


Such
*1

f«tinn*. An f xrel
talking about
will knock We have
Some of the Patterns which retail regularly for He. each, can be «ad /vr ID cents apiece Ij customer
preventing at cry Agency for the sale of Butterxck Patterns in Canada «Pattern Check from ths
Hrptnuber, October or November
DELINEATOR
Tus Dkltmeator may be ordered through the Newsdealer or the local ButUrick Pattern Agency, or may be obtained direct by addressing
FRIENDLY COMMENT.
He—Yes, he called me a blooming idiot—
Him—As if any one could not see that you had gone to seed.
-llpv .n «	TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY
• Al» ALM.n an Take Lasatlre Brome (<.«laine Tablets
I bel ieve, dis- **•*• ro#u«é tbs nsomer If It falls to Ours
All Drag-
THE DELINEATOR PUBLISHING CO.
:
insidious trait, or,
It takes possession of the mind before one is aware of its presence and Mlb only be cuned by the exercise of strong will power and reason."
"What makes yen think that I sulk, asked Dick's wife.
"Why, I’ve seen you have forty fits of sulks since I've been here
as
*
•V TORONTO (Limited),
33 Richmond St. West, TORONTO, ONT
"DON'T WORRY" RULES
•'Children," said a good man to the ,, I family gathered around his deathbed.
"during my long life I have had a great many troubles, most of which never happened."
In the spirit of this wise remark are .
zr==ses I	i %
I	: I Saæ=
daily mercies.	. . , I There la more Catarrh iu thl« Section of the
4 Realize worry as an enemy * men | country than all other di measea put together.
I destroys your bar* pi ness.	~nd nntl1 the la«t few years was supposed te
-Soon after you married Dick you 6. Realize that it can be cured by ^incur.W
like his persistent effort.	. . local reaiediee. and by constantly falling to
Aiftbrs'
1-xPHi' iPCWOfl

M - ^ • - ( * ^1/21:
r

¦ i H'jMAS h.i:
5	»?

A USAGE CASINGS—New importations laei» English Sheep end Amorioan H"g Casings— reliable goods at jrigkt price*. PARK, BLACKWELL à SO., Toronto.
Mille. Mille A Malee.
Barrieters.etc.. removed to Wetley Bldgs.. Rich eiond 8L W., Toronto.
LAW
S
AN ATTRACTIVE WOMAN
You
THE TRIUMPH
$
Central

ADJUSTABLE STOVE PIMM. Ea*y put up and taken dewn. Cm be cleaned, nested, and pnt away is a email epace. Aek your dealers 1er
them. Manuiactnred by
C. B. BARCLAY
168 Adelaide M. W., 1 oronle
a
Fi


&

STRATFORD, ONT.
Beet Commercial School in the Province: enter now;
W. J. ELLIOTT, Principal.
if I
Pi
Hi


catalogue free
Clo>ED.
MkSTKD
It is because the sulks render one a bit cruel, and she enjoys seeking him suffer."
WANTED.
Woman in every town, to do house to house eanvftasing for a well established medicine. Easy seller. Liberal commission. No.security or investment required. Address.
E. A. dPHONG, Hamilton. Ont.
pronounced its local dlwetwe. ana pre-er nea
..	-----------v	I local remedies, and by constantly falling to
6 Attack it definitely aa something cure with local t-eatment. pronounced It in
curable. Science has proven catarrh to be a
7. Realize that it never ha. done %%%;%{
wssxe ________, do the least good. It. ui&nuf ctured by F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo.
W^aiitr and impaire the mental ehto^U th.n d =L.“»>&
made up your mind not to
family. He had always been a de-1 tobêôvërcome
voted son, and had almost taken a 7. Realize that it never has done husband's and father's place in his fa- and never can do the least good. -
sMSEssia; w.c. HARRIS,Toronte
They offer one hundred dollar# for any cn*o It	Pays the	I ”
fane to cure. Send for circulars and teeti- |	J ^	_
Do You Want to Save Fuel ?
therless house. Instead of your en-
couraging him to keep on in the same way you conceived an intense .imaginary dislike for his family, and every time he goes to see them, does anything for them, even mentions them, ja a ^ok made of marble, the leaves be-you have a fit of sulks. You shut up ing of marvelous thinness, like a clam; you frown; you will not The chief ingredients in the composi-¦peak, smile, or in anyway show any U|on 0f those qualities that gain es-
Sis 2? «----- jffiffHSU
and patient^ but I w arn you that one	-- BRAIN and HKKATHby
of these suflb (its of yours wears him	A BAD MOVE.	w^u B •RRV'8 REVALENT A ARABICA
you, set his face in a stony stare, ana	PAvmR	sumption. Diabetes, Bronchitis, Influenza,
showed about as much sympathy and	‘ Cough*. Asthma, Catarrh, Phlegm, Dlarrliu»,
~ SSw; «S-fH kH£3æ5a|
other young matron, sulks in adit-	replied Willie Wishing ton, 1 and Stores every where, in tins 2e., 3a., dd., 6*
men should remember that men have £wn up ^ the fact in the presence | ana ____
moods as well as women, and we should ^ m mU8icai friends, indulge them. Unconsc iously man de- 1	*	jg^e***
pends on woman's love to forgive his |	HELPING THEM OUT.
whimflicalitiM, mid she should never ^ Thompaona ^nt deeide what to
Ne«ralg'&S#S
it looks a bit equally, off you go into | things I could afford to give her.	I Irial package Tb* Hutohii** Medicine Co.,Toronlo.
a fit of sulks. I just know Ned sometimes wishes a squall would catch him.
over. It
BOOK OF MARBLE.
Bond for circulars and teeti Address,	_
F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo. O r Druggists, 75c.
FajnUy Pille are the beet.
moniale
At the Strozzi Palace, in Rome, there
Price for
Soldh
Hall'e
LEAD.
SCRAP,
W P€ 941
Superior &£££+* Four Dollars
Complete. To be bad only from fl. KOItKUTM, 31 Queen St. E.. Toron On 8«*n<i stamp for circular and sample before buying elsewhere.
of cloth
V
DESKS


¦s
We Have them tor
Everybody Noeds Them
Every body.
The OFFICE SPECIALTY MFC. 00., (Limited)
Toronto and Newmarket, Ont.
If so, Use Jubilee Shaking Crate*
Thle tmneom ene ef mf
erlglnal deelsne. I	• Toronto, January 8th, 189»
Ivbileb Grate Bar Co., Limited,
‘work D“°,*‘r,<	Toronto.
E. LIMON, 76S Venge	Dear SirsAnswering year enquiry
All original deeiges. Writ* for prw a. Torentt | ag j_Q our opinion of the Jubilee Grates,
would say that we have had them in use for over a month and have found them very bat isfactory. We are saving over $2.00 in our coal bill per day for ten hours' work grates we could not get steam without using screened lump soft coal; now we use soft coal screenings and we are developing about 24 H. P. more than we could with the old grates. You have already taken a memorandum of the tests that were made of the old and new grates, we have checked over the figures to-day and find them quite correct.
Boat Trusses made by Dorenwend E. 13. AT.
^ ^ ^XokofuÊpturo and S^for mltyf ree! I ^ COFFEE & CO.,
KaUUu.hed 1H4A
Toronto
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
With the old
TORONTO. ONT.
John L. Correa
Thomas Flynw.
|SpaS*j5si
IF you want to either buy or sell Apples I
s zz n?zx —- «...u**,
dSteganES
end Cabin and Bteersge pa*i
Toronto, Yonge and Oerrard SU. Fall Tenu now open. I steamer and berth. For Member* admitted, aft any tin*. Eight regular Uaebera to Local nplandid equipment. Write for oatalggnj..	| Genl As en
Wa H#	PrtnOlpile
A BIG BOILED DINNER.
A squall, you know, is soon Isn’t like these heavy black clouds that hang about for hours and keeps one from doing anything that one wants to on a big mala, but when it comes to
da 1er fear of an outburst. A woman wboleaale cookery the little village, who lets her temper loose Is bad enough, but she isn’t acifSumstanos to I	Rudyard Kipling is spoken of
the one who battles her*» up, and generally as a nice, quiet little woman, threatens to let i* go every minute." juat the one to make such an ener-"You say that eulkin ss grows on i^io odd sort of a yuan as the novelist onef" asked Ned’s wife n a subdued £a ’ „
voice.*'
"It most assuredly dsof " answered I	TACT.
be a great sulker myself, but I was 1 known.
Yours truly,
THE TORONTO RADIATOR MPG
CO., LIMITED.
Jno. J. Taylor, Sec’y-Mgr.

Shorthand, Typewriting,
p«U>
TELEGRAPHY.
and all Com-
an

Wt” DAT,D
Aleo Sole Manufacturers of EIHs' Patent Automata Smoke Consumer.artd all klndi of fumaee and holler supplies.
ROOFING
TAMMERERS.
rw>iMÉftatioo h Oaaada hr the mm*
gsmz


Oel
tSH
jilce Grille to Ci, Uiltel leu

A
i
###PAGE###8###

Satisfaction or
Your Money Back.
A
O—O—0—o—
If we could get the blue goggles off people, what n different world this would seem. Man is prone to prejudice, ¦¦ the sparks fly upward. Wo aru always forming conceptions in the absence of light, ami reselling conclusions in advance of facts. There aie plenty of people who have never been in Ottawa, who are foolish enough to believe that Ottawa people walk backwaids to keep their pants from bagging at the knees. Plenty of people in the States are convinced that in Canada wo cut the claws « if the bullfrog to keep him from scratching the moss off the hacks of the inhabitants, who, according to reports, wear ear rings, swear in Choctaw and eat pea soup. We have to confess that even in this country we are not free from those who conceive a Yankee to be a bumptious individual with hook-nose and billy goat whiskers, who talks bad English through his nose and punctuates his sentences with avalanches of tobacco juice. All this is the result of the tendency of humanity to build conclusions on most inadequate foundations.
There is a difference in Guarantees.
Some are only vague promises made by salesmen with nothing back of them. We put a guarantee card in the pocket of each garment, which is as strong and binding as a Notarial Contract. Here it is:
H. S. Bowls Column
''THE LEADING HOUSE "
This card is a Guarantee that the cloth in this garment has been thoroughly SPONGED ami SHRUNK and the workmanship is fully guaranteed.
H. SHORE Y iC~ CO.
BIG
Afonfronf.
Now, When We Tell You
BARGAIN SALE. - - -
Shorey’s Ready-to-Wear Clothing
That wo have something new and fetching in SUITINGS, don't come to the conclusion that they are dear, but cull in and see what a beauty you can get for little money. We make them to tit any form.
can be purchased from at least one reputable dealer in every town and village in Canada.
Ask for Shorty’s Ready-to-Wear Clothing and insist on seeing the Guarantee Ticket.
R. R. MoGUIRG,
THE TAILOR.
Now In Full Blast.
- The people are realizing our values and are going away well pleased.
I Be one of the crowd next Friday or Saturday and get yourself a
• 9
Shorey’s Ready-to-Wear Clothing can be obtained from
the following firms :
H. 8. DOWD, ..
G. F. HUDGINS,
O’MEARA DUOS.
PAUL Mi NALLY,
F. A MAYLONEY,
PiireDreil BeMire Hoe
Chicago had a snow storm on Thursday night last—the earliest for 2(1 years pas'.
The Rothschilds will loan Spain $4,000, 000 or £5,000,000 on the security of the Ahiiadon quicksilver mines, when the treaty of peace shall have been signed.
The Montreal Witness says it issued 3,581 miles of prohibition literature during the campaign, and the Gazette wants to know if this accounts for the majority against prohibition in this province.
Qvyon.
Shaw ville, Bryson. Campbell’s Bay Chapeau.
FOR SERVICE.


The undersigned offer iff or service his purebred Berkshire Hog. Fee One dollar.
GEORGE CATER,
Shaw ville.
P. S.—I have also for sale twenty fine young Pigs—five weeks old at one dollar each.
i

Nobby Suit . . Hat or Boots. .
• • •
FOR SALE.
Job Printing
or anything else you may require, at the Special Reduced Prices.
Manitoba’s Crop Spoiled

In the
The undersigned offers for sale the following Registered Stock :
Line of
A QUARTER OF THE CROP RUINED BY WET
WEATHER.
A few SHROPSHIRE Ewes, Several One
X
EXECUTED WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH AT
ltam Lambs,
Ram fH years old).
Also, some BERKSHIRE Pigs, two monts old.
44
Winnipeg, Man., October 12.—It is estimated that one-fourth of the wheat p of Manitoba has been ruined by the longed wet weather, and some men say that estimate is very small.
Threshing is at a standstill, and dealers are taking their second buyers of the market, owing to the paucity of deliveries.
The weather is now clear and suitable for the present condition of the outetand-1 mg grain, and if it continues a fortnight the balance of the crop should be saved. |
Prices have changed considerably du | ring the past few days cents and over is now bid at Fort William. Dealers who have good wheat are inclined to hold.
•t
THE EQUITY OFFICE
Now is your Chance.
$7 to $10 Suits at $5.50.
Suits at
And others at - - $2.95. Extra Harvest Shoes. $1
Dress Goods.
cro

pro
choice*16 a^ove ®,0°h 1* registered and very
ED. It. BROWNLEE,
Clarendon.
$3.50.
Chang Ting Honan Was Murdered
Hog for Service.
SIIAWVILLE
A despatch to the
L »ndone Oct. 14 Daily Telegraph from Shanghai says it is er. dibly reported there that Chang Ying-H uin, who wiia recently dismissed fr«*m o Tsung Li Yam en and from all his her offices and banished t«> 111, Chinese Turkestan, was murdered while on route in the place of exile on a secret order of ihe Empress Dowager.
lair Dr* Parlor
The undersigned offers for service Ills pure bred Large English Berkshire llog “ Jerry.” bred , y and purchased from Mr. W Seventy-or.e I J. Shelby, of Harrowsmlih, Out. Fee-One
Dollar.
I
A LEX. RE AN,	, m
Lot 18, R. 3 Clarendon.
MAIN ST., - - SHAWV1LIÆ
Sept. 17,1898
2m
Either Silk, Wool or Cotton facture m Summer Styles, will all be offered in July at such liberal reductions that buying will be difficult to resist
manu-
If you require a Hair Cut or sbnve, you are guaranteed <Ht IMacilou at the simw ville Hair Dressing Parlour.
Parties wishing to have their rug >rs honed or drt-Ks< (I ran hove llv m pi»» in uxee condition tor from 15 to 25 vents.
Try ai y Hair Tonic.
Josso James, Jr,
!
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY
i
THE SON OF T1IK NOTORIOUS BANDIT AR RESTED ON A CHARGE OF ROBBING
A TRAIN.
Three Mon Disappear
ot

HAVE NOT BEEN HEARD OF FOR TWO
WEEKS
N
sag
Kansas City. Mo., Oct
....	, .	.	. James, Jr., Son of the notorious bandit,
\\ mi, renched Hull this morninv wa8 taken from his cigar stand into the through lUiiiff Do Coeli, that three shanty county court house by the police last eve-men hirni at the L.nv.mi s shanties, one ujng and is being accreted by the police , hu-vdrvd miles nh„ye the Desert, has been authoriliea. The other men whom the ^'r a -ut^l t on the Great Beer pu|jCti absolutely refused to talk about, ,J 1 kf • The men were despatched acms> Lvt>ro arrested soon after the police took
»¦	"»w zrrLr&tris
Tli' J' are supposed to be drowned or lost | under ,urVeillance among the many islands scattered in that immense lake, which 8"me parties say, is 300 miles around, and has three tributaries, the Gatineau, the Desert and the Gens des Terres rivers. The names of the unfortunates are not given but they
Water chute afford.- the flne.st amusement ^long to R ‘(kîand it appears,
In the count i \\ Emlless chain lakes you up In ft bout hml graviiy b logs you down with a great splash into the waer, but you don’t
get wet,
Close connections are made with «11 Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Biggage promptly bandied.
12
Jesse
JOHN SMITE
Gloves, Hosiery Laces, etc ,
To
etc. etc.
m ROLL ELECTRIC Gil
A complete stock of the above alwaye on hand at
and many other seasonable lines wilt be subject to Great Discounts during July.
Cars run at intervals of twenty minute* in
Main St. - - Shaw ville.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
noon, dally, hiindavs Inrlndod
We are positively . .
When you come to Aylmer don’t fall to shoot the chute nl Queen's Park.
(îo through the maze puzzle f you can. Ride on the M*rrD$0-r°um!.
China’s How Emperor
Nine persons perished by the burning of a British vessel off the English coast on Monday.

THE DOWAGER EMPRESS SELECTS A FIGUREHEAD RULER.
Headquarters for tho best Groceries in the County. We are continually on the lookout for the best and newest goods on the market.
In Memoriam..
Lines written on the death of Robert Telford, who departed this life on Kunday, October 2nd, after a lingering Illness, at the age of G8 years. He leaves a wife and large family to mourn his loss.
Oh, dear father, how we miss you,
Gone from us for ever more ;
But we know In heaven we’ll meet you,
On that bright and happy shore.
Oh, our home Is sad and lonely,
But to think of yeu at rest—
Singing with the white-robed angels,
In your home among the bl< st.
Ere sin could harm or sorrow fade,
London, Oct. 12.—The Empress Dowt ager of China and the Imperial clan, acc irding to a special despatch from Pekin, have adopted as the new Emperor, a son of the late Emperor Tmug Chi, who will shortly be proclaimed.
A special despatch from Shanghai says :
Ottawa, Ont., Oct. G —Mr. Mulock is I “ Early this morning ( Tuesday )% a infringing on Sir Wilfrid Laurier s kiss United States consular officer, with thirty mg patent right. The Postmaster-Gen armed members of the recently discha/g* oral last night distributed the medals at tid Corean b dy guard, invaded the foreign the County Model school, and he under bureau, with the intention of rescuing took to kiss the female recipients. Thu Huang, former Chinese consul at Signa-youngest prize winners were tirât present pore and lately minister designate of "d, and class succeeding class, carrying China to Japan, who was arrested on
¦	•ft1 kisses and medals from the gushing Monday by order of the Empress Dowag Minister. As the high grades were reach er in connection with the reform move
Write for our interesting books " Invent- )	ed, however, it was observable that the	ments.	Huang, however, refused	to	go,
ScndHn^'a rôuKh .keîch or môd.Tof’yfur >	"xhlib,tion "f 8s,|*nt17 WR8 beC0"?inR allk,‘	I »nd the	party retired crestfallen.”
invention or improvement and wc will tell <	embarrasing to the Minister and the pu-
you Dree our opinion as to whether it is r	pi B. Finally Mr. Mulock drew the line
oYr°am'ifc.luona^rcj'ert'V iTother^iîdZ i	« t the girl, who had eeen 13 aummera.
Highest references furnished.	i	ind with groat discrimination showed his	inspector s statement of the LOSS—GTE
MARION A MARION	J	j affectionate nature to them in looks rath-	I	i'ULAB to bankers.
PATENT SOLICITORS & EXPERTS ) er than in acts.
Civil à Mechanical Fnglncere, Graduates of tho (	___________ I Winnipeg, Oct. 11. — A. D. Duniford,
«.«-«.«O «. “brc^=r:rs ClI to DOWD S.
•tip to tip, as hunters say. The hero of	der notes.	^	, ,	to-
¦	he adventure, Mr. «Î. Hanley, is now 5 x $5,000—$25,000 Dominion 1 ‘gal j	^
! lying at Harrison Hot Springs, recovering tender notes.
from the effects of the encounter. Ac L> x $1,000—$15,000. tord-rig to details Mr. Hanley had only The Molsous	notes were such as are in
-me shot in his gun which he fired through	ordinary use.	Of the Dominion	notes	London October ^—The tirât battal-
ho lion’s rye, causing the brute to spring the 5 x $5,000-«25,000- we re the new ion of the Orenad.er Guards have return-t him, knocked him down and scratched issue fur clearing house purposes between ed to Loudon from Omdurman, where im fearfully. Fortunately Mr. Hanhu banks. Probably more than half of the they ook part in the crushing defeat in-ad a seven.y five pound bull dog with 15 x $1,000 were of the same kind Your dieted upon the Dervishes by General ,un, which sprang at the lion thrusting assistance to trace the robber, and recov- Kitchener. From Waterloo railroad stas teeth into the beast’s throat and clung er the money is earnestly solicited.	|ion, where they .eft the tram, to \\ ©11-
h*re. The dog and lion rolled over un- Should6any unusual amount of our ington barracks, immense crowds of peo.
.1 Mr. Hanley gathered himselt together, notes or large legal tenders be presented p e lined the streets. The windows were .ind with fast failing strenth belabored the m any way calculated to arouse susp cion, packed with spectatms,flags were display-,„u over the head with the stock of his kindly communicate with me at o:.ie by vd on all sides, and ti e most intense en-uu till life was extinct.	1 telegraph.	thu.iasm prevailed.
Unlock had Kisses Galore
GAVE MODEL SCHOOL GIRLS a MEDAL AND
CHASTE SALUTE
We have
Pickles, Baked Beans, Canned Corn and Peas at present that are adrnred by everyone, and praised by all who use them, and at prices that will astonish you.
W. It. TAYLOR
.sec -Tretis
m
PATENTS
¦	- 4r « a a	^	* - *a .	4	e# •	w * f a «
Death came with friendly care ;
The opening bud lo heaven conveyed And bade it blossom there.
Starch at 5c. per lb.
Salmon at 10c. per tin.
I PROMPTLY SECURED!
A precious one from us has gone, A voice we loved is stilled ;
A place Is vacant In our home That never can be tilled
And now we pray the God of love To soothe the troubled hearts And bring us to that home above friends shall
We stay with
M oisons B&nk Robbery.
Where
never part. —Theresa Telford
Ceylon and Japan Teas. Our name is a household word in every home in the county.
Mrs. tiock Going Blind
For the Best Qualities and the Beat Prices call at the old reliable every time.
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
The Leading Bonne for Bargains-
i
m -

Omdurman Heroes
Trade Marks
rmmgmn' designs
Ffvw^ Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention is probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patenta.
Patents taken through Mann A Co. receive tpecial notice, without charge, lu the
Scientific American.
H. S. DOWD
J
Quyon Que.
A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific journal. Terms, |3 a year; four months, $1. Sold by oil newsdealers.
L
A
