###PAGE###1###
1
i
/
1
I
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q„ TIIUKSDAY, !
,. “ the equity - [TEACHERS
Is issued from the office of Publication, and dlffloulUos nojv^^b^oorrptipondeDee.	gun. For sale by A. Smiley, Shawville”
Shawville every Thursday,	Portage u'u tfort.
Subscription, $1.00 per Annum.
V01. XVI, No. 13.
SEPT, lü, 1898.
!
SUBSCRIPTION Vn# Dollar a Year In advance#
iu the
Have you tried Dowd's “High Loaf Flour ?
Personal.

Men'» fine tweed navy waterproof coats navy and black—lung cape, sewn seam*,
only See them.
Mrs. Butterworth and children left for
home this week.
Thirty cases Footwear just received from the best maker?:	Wo keep the lead
in thi* line,	j. JJ# «mw.
J. H. Shaw.
Mr. C. McCagg and family have The Raymond Sewing Machine equals reside in Shawville.
WANTED—An experienced General I*"?	^	°r sa,e by Ae s,,,lIcy Mr. John G. Elliott left on Thursday
Servant who understands cooking thor- I Shawville, from Par J	morning to lake in the twelve days’ ex-
«Highly, Apply at CO McLaren St., | At the meeting of Conference in Tûf« jCUnion from Ottawa to New York cily.
Ottawa, onto last week, the Committee on Pastoral yir. tti.4	r;,.or„0 pjvneB
Labor Day—Sept. 5th—was generally Term recommended that the usual min- Toronto last week. .»?».	,
observed throughout Canada by the trade tsterua! term bo three years, but the maj- the meeting of the Undertaker? 2Abbuv2t unions. In Ottawa a most imposing de* ority of the quarterly board may unite 11ion. demonstration was held.	| and the majority of the Stationing Com
mittee may send back a minister for the fourth and fifth year.
WM. GAMBLE,
come
BARRISTER, &o.t
159 Main Street, . .
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
" I Office—over O. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main HI.
Advertising rate* made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parts of the country.),
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free; hut obituary lines, or “poetry will be charged at the rate of 3 cents per line money toaccompauy the manuscript In every
case.
. . HuLLi
were in
ï ¦
BANK OF OTTAWA
Mr. W. J. Poupore has removed his family from Morrisburg t i No. 34G Daily Avenue, Ottawa, which property he has purchased.
J. R. Horner, Shawville, is agent for the celebrated Kuru Pianos and Organs. Some fine instruments kept in stock at his office on Main Street.
J. A. COWAN, Publisher.
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000.00 Rest . .
. There Was a Large Attendance
Court Shawville,
No. 276.
Mr. Frank Gallagher, of New York State, arrived here on Tuesday last
. . . $1,125,000.00
Ï I OF 2
Klmside Wild Rose and Peerless Lodg* I The excursion to the experimental Farm ... os 1,0. G. T. will hold a box social at on Thursday last, under the auspices of order to aerore another shipment Peerless Hall, (formerly No. 1 school site,) the Calumet Island Farinera* Club was a (> liv^ stock. Mrs. Galllagher aecom-Bristol on Friday evening Sept. 10:b. | grand success so far at least as attendance ] Pan,t(* him.
See Posters for particulars,
Hoard of Directors : Chaules Magee, Esq., President. George Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
Hon. Geo. Bryson, Jr.
Alex. Fkahkr, Ksy ,

'
Meets the 4th Wt-dntK-duy of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor* dially invited.
John Mather, Rhq.. Davii> MacLarf.n, lisy.,
was concerned. About 800 people went Mr. George Palmer, mayor of Leslie, down by the P. P. J., and 500 by the 0. was among those who took in the excur-Sc (•. V. Shawville contributed about Lion to the Experimental Farm on Thure-114 of the Pontiac crowd, and another day. He returned on Friday, and was hundred took passage at McKee's station. | the gui et at the Russell till the following Some complaints were heard from returning excursionists about a shortage of provisions, but it is alleged this was
Contractor Bourgeau contractor fur I due to the Gatineau crowd having reached ! fortunate men, thirty-odd in number, the new lighthouse on the island in Like die Farm first, and demolished what was * ho were working on them. Most of the
Sums of |1 and upward* received i» Savings De-1 Heschenes, while excavating, unearthed intended for the.refreshment of the Pon ,pen wore <*aught m the iron and pinion-partaient. Interest credited half yearly,	the skelatotis of what are supposed to I tiac people. I his we give as it was hear 1	uiuler wa eif ana met the double ratô
Office Hours—ioa. m. to 8p. m. Saturday 10a.m. I have been Indians, as several knives and and therefore its authenticity is not	being crushed ami drowned. The msn
to l p. ni.	I tomahawks were also found in the same I vouched for.	I who lost their lives were all Americans
place.
L.BA
Dennis Murphy, Ehq.
. The High court I. O. F. of Eastern
:: (l'Z«” MÜSàgén (u)nt.*ri? huld U* an,,ual meeting at Pew-
broke last week; a large number of the
Brethren were present, and the proceedings are reported to have been entirely satisfactory.
GEORGE BURN. .. Ü. M. FINN IE. ..
H. H. Barnett, F.r
J. A. Cowan, ILS.
A GENERAL RANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
w. J. Kadis, c. r.
morning.
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L.D.S., D.D.S.,	,n ,h'D,,mln
¦ Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
rates.
Corner of Bank and / httau/a Wellington Streets, { U1 1
Special attention given to appointments made by mail.
At the Farm the excursion is ta were ad- w*th the excepton of three.
K L- n	v .	.	, dressed by Mr. Champagne, M. P.; Mr. |supposed CAUSE OF the pier crumbling
wmpiii^imifi
Notice to correspondents.—Correa* I	5h8.WVlllO Council.	j out perceptible damage. The only ad<
pondent» to this paper are requested to	_ "	| missable theory, there fore, seems to be,
mail or hand in their communications on a regular session of the Municipal Council I as already stated, the notion of the swift Monday, otherwise they may not appear of the Village of Shawville, held on Tut-Kday current upon the concrete. An investi* in the issue intended. Several letters the 6th day of .September, 1WK Present, Mr. gation, which in all probability will bood on our | came in last week too late for insertion— Mayor, U. F. Hodglns, and Councillors If, he held, will detamine the cause of the
in fact aftes the paper waa printed.	| Pang D. McRae, H. Hobbs, G. M. Donald- accident satisfactorily.
Moved hy coun. Hobbs and seconded I y I have been called to their last account and oun. McRae that minutes of last meeting ieventeen othera seriously injured,
be adopted.-Carried.	I fatally. There is absolutely no sign of
the pier. It has disappeared as completely as if it were a card house.
G. C. STEWART,
and Sen erah
PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON
(l.r.o.p. andh., bdin.) OFFICE,
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
One second hand 12 horse power for sale cheap.	A. S. Smart.
A largo and varied assortment of veiling just arrived at Mrs. McCreihe's.
o
ELMSIDE, QUE.
BOURREAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L
1
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Fob Sale.—A good, neat double ex Will attend all the Courts of the District, es-1 Pres wagon—cheap. —John Lester, pecially when required.
New dress goods piling up counters every day. Inspection invited.
J. H. Shaw.
In the meantime
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.
son.
raiïlraljs I	I	szszz
Jr Will Unit Bryson every Thursday. | residents of North Onslow, was followed w"*°“ ^r* Freeman I. Daniels is manag- timber on the 6th range, facing hfs lot on tho
to his last resting place on Sunday the 4th er"	road allowance and to continue It on to the
inst. by s lance coucourco of mourning rcl-	It w„. only a cow that had noascuion * 811,0 11,16 bcl ween lot8 7 and « -Carried.
T Qu“NwHI ; uTr	auen’d fiVeSiiïl. “ Jl"f * P,,t‘i|on °f Main Street on Thuraday
In thedlstrlot. All 3orrespondenc< prompt-	The Shawviile Marble and Gran- even,,,8	l,ut the animal displayed
SF»................... | irs	Sr'Vc. 'ss
uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason- attraction- At one time things looked so able	I serious that some one suggested the may-
w, . . o « . . .	«or should be requested to read the riot
Messrs. Hodgms & Smith s elevator | act.
is now well advanced, and will soon be
72 MAIN ST. • HULL QUE. ready for grain storage. Mr. P. Galligh-
WM,	Q----™°---*	,	er, of Bristol has charge of the work.
Will attend Superior and Circuit Court ht The building is 24 x 75 feet Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac l>i«-trlct when required.
some
Twelve of the bodies of the victims of Cornwall disaster have been recovered.
AltTlllllt McPOWELL,
Mr. J. B. Ralph came before the Council The disastrous failure of the bridge on and proposed that the Council give him a the N. V. & O. railway over the Ameri-grant oi a Village lot on Main or Picks nock caiJ	channel of the St. Lawrence
streets ; that he be exempted from municipal river near St. Itegis, in the state of New taxes for five years, and be given n l>an cf York, the falling of the two spans which $850.00 for five years at 5 per cent interest per resulted in the sacrifice of 14 ’ives has annum, in return for which he agrees to re-	the minister of railways and canals
movehU foundry from Bryson to this viI- much concern, as this bridge has homed-
„	„	. L _	„	.	,	°P.T 1 IT? 'TtPr ;V,' d lllte connection w,th the ra.lway	of
tonLoindi"iduaUUbrLkeelint1o2theApr1e. b““ conuecU“n- 'Exemption b'b« Cnmw'ir' Tht min.atet even though he
«¦feta
the. stiuggle the cures gold watch and	- his staff to investigate the matter.
wee e	, Herald and Weekly Star, and The Equity I?[ial5 wrenched from him. Detec:- Adjourned session of the Municipal Conn- Mr. R. C. Douglas, C. E, bridge and
M ILL I Aili ELLIOTT	from now till the end of December for ml ” «ngew^lor has been summoned | cn 0r tbe village of Shawvllle, he,d on Mon. | hydraulic engineer if the department,
r>AILiFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT the small sum of thirty five (36) cents. I,n a11 ha8te t0 pruCeed ,OF Upton’
gagem^ntsfora^i^y busïne8hinUconnecUc)n j This offer is not good after the 10th of th all Courts In the County, Collections next month, and la intended for new sub-ra&deand p-ornpt returnsassureU	scribers ONLY.
A

CEO. C. WRIGHT,
i

JAS. HOVE & Co.
ANUFACTU 1er*. Book
M
KING STATIONERS, BOOKSEL
Mnders Printer#, etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary BIMe Society,Ottawa,Out.
1
Read this offer : The Montreal

> • »
day the 12th of September. 1838. Present— has accordingly been detailed for this
-	HOUND ASTRAY-—A ipnttrd, bluieh
Last seen between Elmside and Bristol * tie* e were s-veral pigs oil the market	tbeminutes of this Council of thedih of Sep-
station. Anyone who can give informa- *“,c 11,1 H "P,D,oni were diseased. Dr	tomber, Instant, be and Is hereby accepted,
tion regarding him will please comment- James at °MCÜ inspected the piggeries	gave aud except that portion thereof relating	sive scale.
cate with E. Graham, Elmside, or The w**th Profeeeor Baker. The animals	to the gift of a village lot on Main or Pick-	¦	—	-j	-	¦	¦	¦¦ ¦	_¦	¦	—
Equity office.	showed symptoms of hog cholera, and two knock streets, in ilea of which the Council	ÇhawvilÎA	Prndnrp	fiiintafinne
Mr p* pi v	c	have died. An examination hy a bacteri-	agrees to grant to the said John B. Ralph th >	ulUWVllie	rlUUUie	yUOtaUOflS
Mr. Patrick Clarke, one of the most ologist will bo made at McGill Uui'vur- !	sum of fifty dollars. Provided, however, the
prominent at zens of Quyon and proba- 8ity.	,ald proposed foundry should cease to be In
y l s most successful merchant, has re-	f operation within a period of ten years, the
tired from business and -old his stock to	Mr. W. (,. Leroy, Sec. Treasurer of sum of Ofly dollars shall be refunded to
Mr. Michael Joyce, who was	in	his em-	the Pontiac Telephone Company,	was	this Council; also that the stid	John	1$.
ploy for several years.	here on Friday last accompanied	by a	Ralph furnish good and sufficient security	Wool.
T?	Montreal Electrician, who gave the	local	for the loan of $350 00. -Carried.	Butter.
recovered his Wad.—-Mr.	John j.	telephone service an over hauling	that The Council I hen adjourned.	Pork	per 100
Brownlee, of Radford, in March last, lost waa very much needed. This gentleman	Hay p
ff ”1 m™,1:	srx
«d,,, ,h". m,47"gZ* bS thi.”' Kzd,H”k. vp .. announced th.. |	•’«""»	P""'.....
was greatly disappointed, if we may use this was being done, but a hitch occurred the term. Ou Thursday last while haul- I some where, after the work of repairing ll,v ,uIh ii rough a barnyard the began and the lino was left in a much
:Esr%-„~r
loosen the bills out in case that the at-	tically completed, or the loss of life would
tempt would mutilate them so that identi The Gazette, Montreal, has commenced have been far greater. A few moments fication, would bo rendered impossible the publication of a special series of in- before the accident several men had walk-but will take the “ wad " to the bank as teresting articles on Rugby football, from ed ashore, as it was almost noon, and to it is, and hopes that the officials may be Arthur Budd, who is recognized as the this move they doubtless owe their lives, able to disintegrate it without affecting teat authority on football in England. Among them was a Mr. Simmons, the the value. We shall be glad to hear of They have also secured the right to print chief engineer of the company that 1 ad his success.	| the special correspondence of Frederick tho contract of building the bridge. He
Villiers in reference to the Egyptian had pronounced the bridge almost ready campaign now going on. These special for trains to cross only a short time be* features, with its general excellence as a fore, and he could scarcely credit h e first-class commercial newspaper, should sight when he saw the centre pier crumb extend the already large circulation of The le away, and the two spans that it sup-Gazette.	ported tumble into the river with the un-
en
wl
Colorado and Nebraska had their first
Peck, Benny & Co’s large iron works at Montreal, recently destroyed by fire are to bo reconstructed on a more ex ten-

BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT,
OFFICE .‘—COURT ST., SHAW VILLE.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
All courts attended.
o
St. Lawrence Hall,
Oats.........
peas.........
Buckwheat... Eggs, (fresh,).
20 U. 22 48 to 60
m9
30
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress.
11
• • • • • ••••••••••
... 16 to 18
.... 12 to 13 3.76 to 4.26 9.00 to 10.00 ' .... 36 to 40 6 to 8 36 to 60
Good Accommodation. Table and^Barfal-ways well furnished.
First-clash Livery Attached.
• • • • •#•••
• • e
er ton
PONTIAC HOUsf
• • •
<

mm-

OTTAWA 1UKUETS.
Fourteen persona were killed and sev-	----
euteen injured seriously as the result of | The following are last Srturday’s quota»
lions on the Ottawa market ;
ft

Peas 55 to 70 cents.
Oats, 27 cents.
Wheat, 65 to 70c.
Rye, 45c.
Buckwheat, 45c.
Barley. 28 to 30c.
Hay, $7 to $9 per ton.
Straw, $4 50 to $5.00 per ton. Potatoes 40 to 50c per bag. Veal, 4 to 5c per lb.
Lamb, 8 to lie per lb.
Butter, prii t. 20 to 22 cents. Butter, tub, 16 to 18 cents. Eggs, fresh, 15 to 16 cente. Eggs, stored, 12} to 13 cents. Apples, to $1.00 $2 50 per bbl. Tomato»e, 15 cents per gallon. Cheese, wholesale, 8 to 9c.
Cheese, retail, 9 to 12c.
Hide», rough, 6c per pound
pt

>

«
V

I
r

i


p.
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL,.PROPRIETOR
Jïbse	, The Citizen is Ottawa’s
•biy.'T„T'r; leading_ daily paper—ad-
Ladle.' and genli.blcyclei.kept lei Llrt V6rtl66 ID it.

:







\






. /

###PAGE###2###
X
finishing with the finer bite at the I tie of boiling water, and cook until the 1 efforts In bringing capital to the I who, perfect1 y innocent of hie error, top	starch becomes clear. If too thick for country. Coffee growing proved won- strove to moke matter» pleasant In be-
,,,,, pc,,.,.,. „r . r,jsx,îuijï~ ™.".2 rrs ss i
sphagnum or fine hay to keep the noil nient should be as thick as tar for h„ other direction». Ho went to Phil- Misa Gould, hut knowing him to foe a from iHtaaing Into and clogging the mending dishea, etc., but. to use where Lje|phia g|1<| contracted to furnish somewhat illiterate man, let It pass drainage below. In all plant-potting store'' mucilage Is usually used, this many thousands of feet of mahogany for a slip of the tongue, operations,the work should be finished I will be too thick. It can be divided yearly for ten years.	Time paastid, and Harris determined
so as to have an Inch of space below into two parts, one part to be kept There is another side to this un- to speak. One evening he found Mrs. the top oC the pot in which to receive for mending, and lie left thick, as in- common man. He has twen a liliersl Gould alone» and was informed that water.	dioated, while another part onn lie thin- patron of educational measures, lie is, " Arthur and sister " had
A dirty plant or a dirty pot Is die- ned for mucilage uses:	The addition withal, a pbtin. modest man, who is not make a call, but would soon return,
creditable to any plant grower. A bath I of camphor or clovee prevents the paste known by sight far from home. He I Harris expressed a little sorrow at tub. should, therefore, tie a part of from spoiling. Keep covered tight. i„ full and slender, and shows the ef- their absence; now was his time, he
every plant grower's equipment. Any	______- - ---- foots of hard work and constant care thought ; so summoning all his courage,
email tub, with an inclining draining	and thought concerning his enoz^ he commenced:
board, answers the purpose. The drv nnnn nr AT ADA Ml OT A TTHl mous business.	My dear lady, forgive me for
plants may be stood in the tub until IIJ hi Ij Hj All All A U A IV1A uLlAVlJi	'I here are seven children in Juan speaking mv mind frankly when las-
the ball Li thoroughly soaked.	Knight’s home, and all have been edu-lsure you that the happiest hours of
Sometimes pot planta seem to	be well- I	"*"*	rated in the United States.	Two of the	) my life have been passed in your eo-
watere.l when	It	is	only	the	surface	NOW SUPPOSED TO BE THE RICHEST	lioys are in a military academy in Misai-	ciety.'
that U wet, and perhaps the center is	MAN IN GUATEMALA.	I sippl now. One daughter is an a<> | "Why, thank you for the compll-
dust. dry. Plants in rapid growth need |	__ I complished portrait painter In Boston? ment," said Mrs. Gould. "It gives me
Once a year the father and mother go great pleasure to welcome you here, Tlf	Romaiff	«r I)or Ju»a	Height	Hr Is I	on A tj.jp (0 New Orleans,	and from	and you will enjoy life better	than
rr	there to New York. They	were In	in the solitary existence you have	hith-
Europe in 1894.	erto led. Arthur has a deep interest
HELPS BIB FORJVtER OWNERS. I™ you. and I shall always be pleased
. The millionnaire planter ami miner I *?..*!yuu to l^e est
posed to be the richest man in Guo- of Guatemala has several times visited u !, 1\!°S u „ -	rlarlr
EE.H-E; ! If?™ "M&ü&ïï*
lv	fa&ts *- — —•
•psitrz t zr: : gaa-sar-s is&srj -iEsEESSSE
do. Your sister appears to have taken fright at something—I don't understand what."
"My sisterl Why that ia my wife."
' 'Your wife!" screamed Clark. "Why have you deceived me in this matter?" "No one has deceived you, my dear
Harris Clark, the hero of this sketch, | fellow. You must have deceived yourself. That is my wife. This Is my sister,* pointing to the other lady now entering the room.
Poor Harris was struck dumb. He rose, seized his hat, made a low bow, and annihilated space between the Gages and his own " bachelor's hall," where in a short time he was seated before a fire built of fancy neckties, sachet bags, light gloves and other
ly cm the shady aide of 30. So one ev- '%'wuT	°f an old bacha-
..	.	.	.	, enmg, finding him in his solitary apart- As to what he thought, said or did
Pour the mixture Into a stout wood- .	..	1	inmg yeaxs. 1ls. meats, looking dow ncast and miserable after that time there is no account
has the negro slave boy totally re- Goult| flaid.	but Mrs. Gould was his first love, and
¦'Clark, f know what ail. you." wUh°Ut	^ "" hie ,aat'
"What makes you think anything ails me?" gruffly Inquired Clark.
" Because you are not lively and happy. You are lonely and want society.
No one
About the House. M[:
PEANUTS IN MANY DISHES
Few housekeepers realize how much nutrition is contained in the peanut, ao generally known, but so seldom found on the table. A prominent physician is credited with saying that one pound of peanuts Is more nutritious than two pounds of beefsteak and half a pound oi butter. While this may be an exaggeration, It Is true that many dainty and appetizing dishes can be made with them, as people are just beginning to realize. The results will i much water. So usually do blooming
be found pleasing if the following re-	s ^ plant Incline It on
cipes are carefully followed:	the draining board, and water In the
Peanut Cookies- One-half cupful of tub, wash all parts well with
butter, one cupful of granulated su- The task is more delightful ft* clean
after plant oomee fro-
and beaut
gone to

«
MlMiTMor eUs-W »*T" «“d Her ftoe 4m*~" *er!|itMife of» lîemily.
Don Juan Ktiight la popularly sup-
a sponge
gar, one-half cupful of milk, one egg, white and yolk beaten separately, one pint no more, of ftoujy
chopped peanuts butter and sugar, add milk and egg, pert of the flour and baking powder, and, lastly, peanuts mixed with the fwrt of the flour. Handle as little as
feel
SOIT SOAP
one heaping . Cream,
Boa pma king in olden times wae » formidable task, when It was necessary to leach the lye from the ashes that had gathered during the twelve months since the last soapmaking. A
possible, and do not roll very thin, and	lron oa,Udron waa neressa,7
they will ha vary delicvUe and soft. j '’oil ,he l** an'1 rc‘Uce the B0B‘> to Peanut Sondwichea.-Shell peanuts, ,hft pro»,er consistency. The work wits
chop fine, mil with dr.wing, and spread I oneroU8 W an exchange. Its only between bread with a lettuce loaf be- redeeming feature wan that It waa per-tween, flrinvn broad is very nice to to*'mod in the open air, amid the peruse when the lettu< o may he omitted, fumes of adjacent apple orchards,
Peanut Biscuit.—-One quart, of flour, which usually wore In full bloom at one quarter cupful of melted butter, two teaspoonfuls of baking powder, one . teaspoonful of salt, one-half cupful of ringing birds.
chopped nuts, sweet milk ein ugh to ! Modem soaptuaklng has no season. .
wet up so as to roll out soft. Stir sait.	It is generally accomplished once in	Doat st0tk8*	besides	the	debts' internuts and bilking powder into flour dry,1	about two or three months, or when-	**t on money that	Guatemala	bor-
then add part of the milk, stirring |	ever five pounds of soap fat has been	rowed from	him Is	over	6400 000.	He
well with a knife, then all the but- i	gathered for the purpose. The modern
ter. and then the rest of the milk, i housekeeper tries out all strong-flavor-
Roll out with as little kneading as ed fats, like mutton, turkey or any Ul )S	Guatemala City, and is cease-
poesible and bake immediately in a other fats which are not of value for lessly	busy looking after his
hot oven.	cooking, and strains them from time ' estates
«ass*	hSMsynsfiî ai.. ,»<>« » ™	> - —-
ough to make a hatter; set warm at ed, white fut, procure from the nearest And mors than thin hv the etramre u * . , riIf,r
night. In the morning mix one cup-1 trustworthy grocer a one-pound can «	, ,	' /	** ho might have been blessed with "God’s
fuT of sugar, one tablespoonful of of pure potash. Put this in a kettle ny ° r - 1,0 baa ln <lll3rs °* best gift to man—woman." melted butter, one of lafd. two eggs, 1 holding about four quarts.	Pour a fluence, befriended those who former-	g.:ii __ r,„rL. wa_ 1ir«5H<wii» H WMi.
SV-?.1, xfc s sr-i?.r:avzsLc,s.irr r:i rs ^	«««
out to the thickness of a finger : spread I until it is dissolved. Let it bod fif—	. r	thought	ho	would	make	an	excellent
on one cupful of currants, and one-half Ven minutes, then add the five pounds i <n'nor	15 ln his employ as supennten- ;	husband	for	his sister,	who was	slight-
eupful of peanuts ; moisten with the of clean grease and let the soap boil , dent	of his mines. Mrs. Upton, bis
•lightly beaten white of an egg ; roll a lowly an hour longer, stirring it of-I former mistress, is the recipent of his up. and cut off an inch In thickness. I Put In pans to rise before baking in a slow Oven.
eoapmiking time, and in the season
You know as well as I
lives In a beautiful home In the sub-
immense
when
years alone
an soap keg holding at least ten gal-
Peanut Crust for Apple Dumplings. Ions, and add at once two gallons of versed the order of things —Crush two! birds of a cupful of shell-I boiling water and stir well. In a quar- Daniel Upton Knight’s former mas-
2.%"%	& 22 ! Ms	w **! •	?» -M-
lifted one even	teaspoonful	of	baking	peatedly. In half an hour more add I wa8	* forint i school teacher. I hey
powder; rub	into	this	a	tablespoonful	four and a half gallons of warm water. ! had	half a dozen slaves, all of whom
of shortening; moisten with loe wo- When this is well stirred in let the had been treated well Knight
z	,»•
fill with one large apple. Bake as usual. | water. Repeat the stirring every m tnmg in 1845. Mrs. Upton
quarter of an hour for two hours and < *be	negro child sufficient lessons to
th^n let it stand until the next morn- get	him started on childish studios by
%.	‘r"‘: .•—-•—ft—
t the eyee e“5 I than the colored, since there are no Then he walked to New Orleans and	ttbr°ut *''u 8ee' taking ,	^
specks Peel the potatoes as you would ro!or8 to fade an(1 all deponda on care_ worked as a wharf laborer for a firm U on 1 he wb(,le 1 m'8ht Pa7 too dearly , kg!
a pyramid on a napkin.	tpr .nn(1 tbe Purest white soap, and boss of the packing and shipping of I thmk *vou are a (rifle too lazy to live."
Parmesan Potatoes.—Bake some large fi%ers™^ao w^''lhe wrtTwhere truitr n° S°Y 0,rIpan8:	That was ‘ Why. I'm all ready for a bargain.
potatoes and cut a round piece off .he 1 the design still remains, and work it Right’s LiI..M3 ^ysThTsfn Fnn	016 S,>We ot theao nice- Kirls >ou The dowager empress of China is detop of each Scoop out the potato, mash with the fingers until all trace of the cisco Examiner.	aeem to think are so plenty."	voted to birds of all kinds and inn„m-
s&sxtssjî	f= s=i==sr~ as
Potato Scallop»—Mash 2 lbs cold po-	thoroughly, wring out well, hod been deposed, was just at its close. ° my Klster. for one, she will intro- ite nightingale not long ago. Upon be-
SpïiHsSïïsS	...... srs^TsrrsL,
EIlFP Sr-aM Evr--"55 S”6i = araftSM-sssrs • ™ - ,w - - ÿius-ssus zx&izs
Swedish Baked Potatoes.—Bake large Î?8 ,om the centre outward, between fruits. The Guatemala government tully parting what remained of hie
the mealy potato aa you can without run over the right aide of the plain i the beginning of the trade in millions br eaking the skins. Fill withfk hot | ,in.6n &nd over the hemstitched edge, of dollars annually, mince of boiled fish, whipped light with j Fringes should be brushed after they “ cream and butter and highly seasoned. | &re dry.
Put on the caps and place In the to reheat for 3 minutes or until
LOOKING FOR TROUBLE
Tbore is an adage that we generally repeat jestingly which yet contains
r	r'lFf'
« EE5EH:
perhaps will come to us, and apply our wise adage to them, we would cease to worry
was spring gave
we
JUST PLAIN POTATOES
Because you have been a fool all
For how seldom has the ex-
may
never come, or, if It does arrive, will . after all, prove to be a blcsa-No trouble was ever lessened : b.v filing to meet it half-way ; and if I we are sometimes to have it to I roar, let us not weary our souls and weaken i our wills by dreading It beforehand*
on
SHE LOVES BIRDS
com-
There are al-
A WONDERFUL SHAWL
Ml BMl#l
pair ever trying to get work out of h jle is the woman for me," thought the lazy, improvident and careless Harris as he said "Good night," prom-natives of the rural regions. Knight's toin6T to call soon again.
experience among the slaves stood him , we°t home from his second visit Father—Tommy, the teacher keen*
in good stead. He was famous for the hW/.er t4ha^1fr?m th® first* for* in ^ou io longer after school than «he zeal he imparted to all who labored I 0 ,1 lon to his increasing admiration used to.
B—.	f<>! lhe lady» he felt assured, by her Tommy—Yes, sir
exertions to entertain him. falling in love with „	, that his feelings were reciprocated.
He married a native young woman One unfortunate circumstance must in Stupa in 1872, and the union has been be explained before proceeding. Owing a great help to his fortunes. About partly to Mr. Gould’s carelessness in twenty years ago he Induced New Eng- presenting the ladies as his wife and land capital to embark extensively m eister merely, and partly Clark’s coffee growing In Guatemala, and in- fusion in confronting two women at vested his own capital in the industry* once, he had mistaken one for the oth-The government gave him a very ad-f er, and fallen in love with Mrs. Gould vantageous shipping concession for his j decidedly the prettier of the two and
oven
very
WELL SUGGESTED
hot
If the busy housekeeper who has other work to do while her fruit or jelly is cooking, will place four or five com-
Potato Turnovers.—Chop a few slices of yesterday's roast fine and well. Have ready mashed potato H
1 or 2 raw eggs with it until it is like I mon marbles In the mixture, she will paste and can spread out. Sprinkle with I not have to watch it closely or stir so flour and cut out round cakes; put a j often, as the heat will keep the mar-
strz z .z	'*» — ">•
press the edges together. Fry in hot | Ult* from scor<
oottolene to a delicate brown.	I A paste that will glue and mend
anything, we hand on for the benefit PLANT BATHING.	I of other housekeepers ; To two ounces
Sometimes plants are over-watered; of clear gum arabio take one and one-m 'n - '	’ h'ngs are killed in this I half ounces of fine starch and one-
way; still in a well-drained pot such a I half ounoe of white sugar, granulate thuiif can hardly happen.	I ed. Dissolve the gum arable in a cup-
At the bottom of the pot there should I of water, and mix the starch and be a layer of potsherds, the coarser	in ^ mucilage. Add at least
——"f	«•	5S th'Kl	t
season
mix
HIS EXCUSE
for him
I'm afraid she's
MARRIED AND HAPPY
me
THE UNSUBSTANTIAL MELON.
.^Unl,fan! (merely)-! don’t gee why } u will eat wa!ermelon every chance >ou get, when it always gives you
.cramp.
Uncle Hosea—It’s the nearest to get-^-mething for nothing of any
con
way

28
###PAGE###3###
1
X
SSHSSIthe bio demand
fui under the charm of Lady Hamilton, and It wan the naine of the latter not the wife, that was on his lipt when lie died.
MM lines t (M in
---	They show that the vital fluid is in
It la very trying to be married to» ^ok°ndCI«r ‘thVtrokby'taking'IWd?» geiiua or a fool, may# the author or a g^^parilla and the blood will be made chatty book, "Love affair# of Famous pur6f complexion fair and healthy, and Men." Montesquieu was onos at work life’s journey pleasant and successful,
when some one rushed In shouting — ¦	J SATSfll"
Hood s P«nna
term belong to her." Confucius was ao ;# Canadas Greatest Medicine. $1 ; six tor$X
worried by him wife that he had to divorce her before he could work In
FOR
Ludella Ceylon Tea
PROVES THAT IT IS BV FAR TUB BEST TEA PRODUCE.
Lead Packages,
35c,40c, 50c, and 60c.
Many and strange were the devices I	'
of oar grandmother» for boarding	ALREADY FORTIFIED.	1 PA|MT "
away their wealth, and even at the J^mtiet-nWill you take gaef	| ¦ 11 •1 r~rt With* 90* gr.»*»/<*« ‘J|
present time, despite the facilities of- I Colonel Oldry—Jfow will It go w fn/oronikmabuutTh«Jin«hjSjfriMsrfa»
and burglar proof	1	ifU Pslat Comps.,. STOtneea Wwk toronu.
HOARDING TH Kl H MONET
fered by banks
safe», there are many women who will .	^	^leh relieve. pain. Male
not intrust t bvir savings tu h» m j> I cut#, burns, scalds, or wounds. Is made ing of another person, but who search by spreading "Quickrure” on cotton or for queer hilling places in which to linen. Cures most violent toothache
^JSLTSZ I
ing place of a past generation, has become almost obsolete, except
Hood's Fills cure Indigestion, blllonm
kTHI TRIUMPH

arijneTA blb srorerifsa
Amv »nl MR »n1 Ufcrtt low*. Om WoU.u^l. B«iUi Wi4 Rut .wsfie
MC" k£H,kv^- ^
0. t. BARCLAY,
I At Adelaide 3t. W.. Tereete
peace.
Daudet’» wife was not only an excellent bouaekeeper, but a fine litei-oritio, who helped Alphonse at his work. Cooper and Hawthorne were both encouraged by their wives to be writing their masterpieces. Thomas
Hardy dropped architecture to become
Max
story. Elisabeth Barrett ' was a pwl herself, and In such poor health that her parents opposed her marrie.yo to Browning. Both believed, but tklilicr practiced free love, and their marrie* t Happiness was perfect, Bfownlng U* d sometimes to kiss the paving *tovc.i in front of the door of the church whore he was married. D. G. UoibvUH buried the MtiS. of hie first ‘book of verse in his wife’s coffin. Seven yearn later they were dug up and printed,
Steele captured a very beautiful lady by his art In writing love letters, j-nd when they were married, he used to get drunk, while she fought the wolf with cold British valour an i kept upon her husband as tight rein as she could. Scott loved ngirl to whom at 19 he chanced to offer bis umbrella in a storm
Probably Scott never quite recovered his heart. He married Charlotte Charpentier, a jewel, a woman iind spirit, with whom he lived most happHy.
But oh, Jeremy Bentham ! Wta n a young man he proposed to a girl and was refused. At 60 he tried a-ga n and was again refused by the same woman.
When he was 80 he wrote t hat she» had always been in his thoughts since in out	youth she gave him N flower in a
Sbukc-year. wedded a woman much	«"e^lane., And ,et Bentham a
ilder than himself. In his will he J)ickens and hi, wKe separated after left the lady his "second-best bed, twenty years of not always unhappy
r ™	.na............ —
. .	.	enough for his new fortunes. 1 rwn-
Mil t tomato t«uuos.	eray was agood husband and father,	Eoual 1	v	shrewd	wo»	»
When Milton was 86 he married Mary	but his wife went crazy and had tcigo	ii)(KJi	wbo, whenever	>ho h id
Powell, the daughter of a gay, bustl-	to an "Institution.’ There was soiuo-	a.ca<1jon	[0 p^ve	her	home at all,
Ing house. She didn’t enjoy 4 o’clock thing sordid about Charles Ileade’e , woul(1 ,,ut her money and jewelry in
—«Ï*.3H5'«sa.r	«a
month ran away from home. Suhse- formed an "alliance,’ possibly platonic,	m^ilt have proved a somewhat
quently she came hack and fell on her	with Laura Seymour,an actress whose	k	experiment	in	the winter
knees to him^and he used the scene	^Usolute husband Reade had kept in	m(mtha	wbcn the	fire	had	to be fed
„...	....	.«	-u ..... wo- TJTSffi.”.“."“£>*22!
Adam’s pardon in hie account of the man’s soul as well as her body, is bound ^ (or valuables	*
creation I She died young. Milton’e in an eternal corset, but he seems to Another ,ad, once oonfi.led to (he Ï
M ^ ü'ïî .'Si.rS •*'	*•*	10 *
In his third, retribution smote bun,	who was reading one of his stories,
for she was a terror he had deserved,	^hey corresponded, and after her
Before their marriage, he had never	prinne died Balzac was promoted to the
peen her. She survived him 53 years,	vacant plaoe in her heart and great
and, according to Johnson, cheated domain.
his children.	l)r. Johnson was gross, fat, short-
Wycherley, the poet, was a droll dog, sighted, scarred by scrofula, and a Early in life he married unhappily, at table. At 126 be married a wo-Ten days before his death be took an- man 0f 4g whom he disciplined a lit-other partner to spite his nephew and obeyed fairly well, loved devotedly, heir. He could die married, lie «aid,	an^ mijased, after her death, very much,
though be couldn’t live that way.	Johnson had a low opinion of women
Hogg, the Ettrlck shepherd, es-	^ho, he said, could neither make a
poused a lady much above his rank.	gQ^ book of cookery or even dress in
Coleridge married at 23 and had a	g0(Xi taste, but oh, how he could flat-
lifelong struggle to support bis lam-	ter the pretty g iris in his elephantine
Hy. He was "a dreamer dreaming Way i
greatly,” and naturally didn’t pull Thomas Carlyle’s marriage has teen well in harness De Quincey, him- more written about than that of any
self a poor stick of a man, sal5** other man, however great. -
"Neither Coleridge nor Byron could	Mrs. Carlyle wero cheated of their
have failed to quarrel with any wile.	first loves, and there was, besides, uc-
Southey married Coleridge's wires sis-	goading to Prof. Peck, another cause
ter and got along with her <v®rJr	for unhappiness between them. Mrs.
until she turned sr&zy and died.	Carlyle was very near a genius her-
De Quincey rushed iuto print to	and almost as nervous as her fidg-
abuse Wordsworth, who never , read e£y spouse. Once, tv h i le suffering from the articles. He says your vvifo s too headache, she threw her teacup at him good for you,” a friend quoted. ' l he ne	course, with a very bad aim. And
he's right,” cried the poet. Long aft- af^er ber death, how the sad and lonely •r one who went to Kydal Mount saw man mifl8ed her 1 and called on all the the old man walking in the garden worjd to miss her also, which was un-with his wife. They were both Quite reasonable.
old and he was almost blind, but they The most bitterly debated marriage seemed like sweethearts courting. ever made must have been that of Mar-Shelley, already with one broken- tin Luther, whose wife used to scold heart experience, wedded at 19 a girl ^jm heartily, though she had been a of 16, and the two played at light g6nt]e alIOi Swift loved his Stella, was house keeping on buns and things. Lat- gecretiy married to her, some day, and er he deserted his,wife and she drown- after he died, a lock of her hair wop ed herself in the Serpentine. ,	found In his desk, labeled, "Only a
Landor’s wife mortally offended him Woman’s hair.’ Sterne was a mean and In their honeymoon by jumping up to unfaithful husband, but in general look at a Punch* and Judy show while clergymen have been guilty of nothing he was reading his own poetry. He was wor80 than nagging. Many may have A burly, roaring fellow with a colossal forgotten that Cardinal Manning conceit. She was gentle, and not over- married before he left the Kngli.sh bright. So he deserted her and their church. His wife died after four years children shamelessly. .	of a very happy union. Whitfield's wife
Byron’s life was embittered by his ajfl0 ^i8d in four years, somewhat to early love affair, for Mary Anne < ha- ^ia relief, as he confessed; though the worth. The ' Maid of Athens was a wafl too good for him, and heartened daughter of Mme. Maori, wife of a B11- the poor, spiritless fellow by sea, nqd tlsh vice-consul in Athens. ”7,ro5 011 land as best she could. Once wluen didn’t love his wife and she couldn t a mo|3 began throwing stones at him stand nine executions In ttw house tor ake 8tood at his side shouting, "Now, debt in one year, not t<‘ spfeak of marl- Qeorg6f play the man for God.” tal misconduct. So they parted.	Mrs. John Wesley was a terror, and
Goethe was a terror. After G ret- went on occasion even so far as hair-chen,’’ Anna Katharms. Charity Meix- gulling, for which the saintly life of nor, "Emilia’ and "Lucinda" he deyot- ^er spouse certainly gave little prood himself to Charlotte Buff (Lotte) vocation
and Ann Muenob. After a lut at fan lawyers have had their share of m%r-with "Lili’ Scboenemann he fell in love rjage tribulations. lhu;on and Coke with the children, but still able to keep were rivals for the hand of a lady the poet awake three nights méditât- w^0 cbose the latter, and made him ing on her charms before be d over ^ceterately unhappy.
mm mam
Mme. SzymanowslB Goethe, like Bobby took him-Burns, bad a beautiful visage and an
eye which it is said, no woman could ruled as well as loved thieir mother. r^jst	Marlborough was a conquering gen-
Heine told his patient, much-sndur- eral, but Sarah Jennings, his wife, ruling wife to marry after his death, so ed him with an iron hand. But she that at least one man might mourn loved him, too, and when he died she him. "Have your jest, dear,* she re- refused to marry the proud Duke of oiied placidly; "you can’t do without Somerset, because she "wouldn’t perL » Every Monday Heine used to mit the emperor of the world to come beat her in a sort of a joke which after John, Duke of Marlborough.’ hurt her feelings terribly, although she "Chinese’ Gordon never married be-was three times as strong as he.	cause be never found a woman who
Hood was another poet who delight- would follow him to the ends of the e l in playing jokes on his wife, though earth. Garibaldi did find such a wn-they were of a different kind	man. who actually went into battle by
Ah*, beautiful was Browning’s love bis side. Nelson fell in love in Quebec
ary

*
otest»
AT THE ELEVENTH HOUR.	----- —-------—
Jinks—What’a a postgraduate coursa, ; L COFFEE & C0*f
CRAIN AND COMMISSION
MERCHANTS,
now
gin
with a very few old fashioned people I in quiet out of the way villages, yet | anyhowf there are many methods of storing
and valuables equally
a novelist at his wife’s urging O'Hell’s translator and literary helper
Kiikins—Oh! it's where a fellow take# a t umble to himself, before It’s
, x . f .	....	. . . . . . , eWlastingly too late, and goes and
quaint which are •'till sd«>p cd >y lid- ge^ posted, even if he has graduated.
away money
Is his English wife.
But theee men were not poets. Wo-who marry poets play "a game of
40S-1Î
TORONTO, ONI.
w.
iww—ppn
double or quits." There was Dante. He
had a wife and seven children after settling down, but he never forgot his Beatrice and poor Mrs. Dante wasn't permitted to forget her, either. When-ahe appeared before him, he had left on earth." Chaucer,
An elderly spinster, a friend of the writer, who resides in many ancient houses to be found in Chester, England, had a set of largo stationary drawers topped by cup-l>oarils specially built into a huge closet in one of the rooms, drawer, instead of resting directly on the floor, ran on grooves about two inches alx>ve it. This lower drawer she would pull out, and place large sums of money and all her jewel cases in the space left below, and then replace the drawer, which she kept filled with linen. The old lady would always declare that if the house was broken into and the drawers ransacked would think of pulling them
THOMAS Fitnm.

one of the
i
OTAMMERERS.
üÉÉÏeli'éfZ-; nM.,1
But she wed another
THE APOLOGY
O
Old Gentleman—Weren't you kissing The lower | my daughter when I came in t
Young Man—Yes, sir. Have you any apology to make ?

soever no enemy
who himself married, one of the ladies of the Queen's bedchamber, wrote: Marriage is euoh a rabble rout That those who are out would fain get
of sense
w
f

Deafness Cannot bo Cured
bv local application*, as they cannot -e -eh the disoa»M portion of the ear. There Is only one way to care deafness, and that is by c* nst lto-tlenal remedies. Deafnee* 1* caused by an to-flamed e .n JItlon of the tnu<x>u* lining of the Kuntachlan Tube. When th e tube gels Inflamed yon have a rumbling jomd or ioiporfeet hearing, sad when it Is <n'«rely cloe<ld*af- ess 1hthero*ult,and unleyet«ieinflammation can be taken «,ut and this tube restored *» it* normal oondi loa. bearing will bo destroyed forever; n.ne cases out ef ten are caused by catarrh, which is nothing but an Inflamed condition of the mucous «uifa et
We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Iteufnesa Icaus* d by catarrh) that rsn-not be cured by Htil's La arrh Cure. Send for circulant, free.
In
And those who are In would fain get
The Reid Bros. Mfg. Co.,
TABLES and ROWUNfJ ALLEVB Phone 1303. fur Cats ogue 357 King St. Wert, TOH0NTÔ.
Farms for Sale
no one
Three Farms for Sale, on easy terms. Property situated convenient to C. F. Railway. Specially adapted for stock raising. For further particulars apply
far safer than any bank
was
women In
F. Î. ORKNEY * CO- Toledo. 0 Bold by Druggist «. 75c.
Midi's Family PH# are the beet.
to
J M McNAMARA,Barrister,North Bay,Ont
W P C 936
Dominion Line Steamships.
Superior aoco in mod alios or Hfr*t Cajdn, 8#ej
ond Cabin an* hirers*# pass# pa-«age—First Cabin, $6i 60 ;
|34 ; tiveerage I2S AO and upwi steamer and berth. For all f te Local Agents, or David Tojiu Goal Agent#. 17 86. Sacrament BU

-I
WANTED.
aseengers. Hale# eS .-#( oud Cabin, wai is woeordlng #0 formation a
A Thoroughly reliable woman (mar-leave her house empty she invariably -g or widow pr ferred) In every city, placed her jewelry in her old shoes, £	and village in Canada, to act a»
which were placed alongside the new jg fl0ilcltlng eg nt for a well advertised
_____ Quite a lot of valuables can £ &nd established artioe. Easy lo sell
be forced down into the toes without;» and satisfaction ensured. No deposit giving the slightest evidence of the jg reqaired. Giv« referenoes when reply
value therein.	£ .	Add res*
Of other hiding places, perhaps the *	*'	*
mo t popular, especially for -paper money. Ls the big family Bible. It ia
quite a customary thing in out of the	-,
way country hou es to thus secure any valuable papers In the possession of the family. Tea caddies and sugar bowls make excellent temporary safes, and the pocket, of an old dress hanging in an unconcealed way In a wardrobe Is regarded bv many women as one of the safest places imaginable for spare rings, broches and bracelets.

«
Mob
Heating
ones
0U* SPECIALTY.
MOT WATER Our new system with steel radiators.
WASH AIR -Ooal or wood
ftireaces We have many siyl. » and sites to seleoi from.	__
SOMSIMATIOM -Hot wator
aad warm air suited for many requirements
Writ* tie If you have thing to heat and we may able to suggeet eonsething of advantage.
W1 SEND Fill 04TAL00U1 AMO I8T1 MATES
ON APPLICATION.
E. A. SPRONQ,
Hamilton, Ont
IF you want to either buy or sell Apples in car lots, writeus.
The Ddw#or\ Comm s>ion Co., Limited,
*o.
%
Toro
Neuralgia, Mr,e
e^ot Neuralgia Cure. Price 25e Enclose 3 3 c. ettmps for trial package. Toe Hutching» Medicine Oo., Toronto.
"Invitation
practical education to write for the New Prupectu» of the ONTRAL ntlBrNMiCOLLEOB OF TORONTO. Member* adroitt*! at any time. K.ght regular teacbere. un-eicelled facllitins for Accounting, Te egraphy, Abort-baud, etc. Many students secure eplend.d po^Uone each term. Get particular#. ? cidreas W. H. 8HA W, Principal. Yonge sod Gcrrsrd 8U., Toronto.
CLARE BROS. & CO.,
Both he
•*
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet# gluts refund the money if it fails to Cure ES#
All Drug
ALLAN LINE
Royal Mail Steamship Co.,
an index to character.
If I could see into a girl's room I oould always tell the character of the occupant, for the mind almost invariably reflects the manner, just as _
reflects the mind, says a
Montreal to Liverpool.
!
f he AGENTS WANTED. Ladies or Gentlemen, to Introduce our goods. We pa' t3 00 » d»*- w	less, write
Ktatt* when can commença work. Enclose ait 2 cent
it tap. “BVfS''Kw5k7 “*¦
91 earner# esll from Montreal every Thuredaf morning on arrival of train# from Toronto and the West about 9 o'clock.	„
RATES OF PASSAGE
Cabin 15150 and upwards.
134 and and #16.26; Steerage to Liverpool, London, Glaag >w. Bel fa*t Londonderry of Queenstown #1150 and 123.50.
A reduction of five percent. 1# allowed os round trip first and record caWi ticket*, "of eatllng* of Htcaine e or other Information apply to any authorized agent.
H. Bourller. 1 King St. W. Toronto,
manner
Tjroato
writer. .
Given a tidy, clean, neat, well-ordered room]. I would argue a sweet, settled, well-balanced disposition, and in
out of ten I would
Mills, Mills Jk Hall!
Barri alerte te.. remove* to Wedey Bldg*., Rich mond St. W., Toronto.
LAW
Second Cable
be
nine cases right. There are. of course, exceptions but. it is with the vast body of women Î am dealing. On the other hand, a dirty, disorderly, disagreeable will usually find in it a tenant like unto itself.
True, a girl with an untidy room may appear ns fresh as a daisy on the street, but that is only her public character and aspect. In private life and in her heart she is exactly what her room tells you she is. I have seen a young man captivated by a young woman who appeared to be all that was nice and sweet and fresh and gracious but when he became better acquainted with her, when he saw her in her home, he was compelled to change his mind, and his affections also soon underwent a change.
Depend upon it. your real character
will show itself some day. You will be found out. no matter how you may hide faults behind the bedroom door.

D A ÏXFT 80 CHEAP ™ " o=
u l\ I IK I old «Hinkle roofs or “idee I /"Bill 1 of buildings. Used 29 A	1 year* Ante year dealer
me FINCH wood pmaervativi a paint
can
for it
COMPANY, *70 Q can West, Toronto._
TORONTO CUTTING SCHOOL offers special ¦ Inducements to young men desirous of
% " ‘p,u
or
room

For Sale.
W|U|
l
and Sheet Meta! Works.
ROOTING BLATB.In Black Bed sr Green. PLATE BLACKBOARDS (We supply
at Ife
Inas, Toronto, dene by oarâm). Metal OeIlium, Oee-»less,eto. EsHisalet firnUbed for werk complete or tor teetorlHla eh ' $>?#-<! to ear pert o| the «entry. Phone IMS
6. SUTNIl A IONS, Adelaide AWldmec St»., Toronto.
ROOFING
18 IN. STURTAVANT
BLOW FAN
7 in. Outlet, 4x3 Pulley.
Good as New. -Cheap.
LEAD
HARRIS
COPPER
BUYS
brass The Wilson Publishing. Co,,
SCRAP
LIMIT*# . -1 :	.
whole..:, only, William SL, Toronto.
Long Dletanee Telephone 17M.
your
Therefore, I say to all young women— keep your room tidy, and let it be a true Index of your mind and character.
73 Adelaide ML XtVsL
They can
SEVERE PUNISHMENT.
First Boy—Did your mother punish you for going in swimming without her
ffoneent I
Second Boy—Yes	«
What did she do t Made me take a bath!
THE FAIRY PART.
Sister, finishing the story-And so they wore married and lived happily ever afterward.
Tommy—And is that why you call It a fairy story Î


Monsoon is good, try it.

a

n
v.
A
7

Cromwell had nine children and
a

1
y





? ^




'
Cl


m
y
>

-t m.
*L>


<• . •

a m
\

V;

The Far Reaching
Perfume of a good name heralds the claim that Pwfcnam’s Painless Corn Extractor Is a sure, certain, and painless remedy for corns. Fifty Imitations prove U te be the best. At druggists
1ND0 CEYLON TEA
• Till
m
• *

y V-
r


###PAGE###4###

/
has already been made ftoin the dairy station at Culgary to the Yukon district.
Later on consignments will be forwarded to China and Ja|>ati. The energy which Prof Robertson is displaying in this mat- ^
ter is a guarantee that Canadian creamery Qfl f At the meeting of the Methodist Con- I men will not suffer for lack of good	W ***
ference held in Toronto last week a j kets.—Ottawa Citizen, scheme was inaugurated to raise one million dollars for organization work of Methodism, to commemorate the close of the I ter the fuelling of horror and loathing present century. The scheme was pro* which law abiding society has for the An-posed by Rev. Dr. Potts, and was warm-1 archist and his sanguinary methods, it is ly endorsed by some of the most distill guiehed clergymen and lay delegates pro sent.
Tbs Gquity.
Season of 1898.
E. HODGINS & SONS, i
5
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 15, 1898.
The Pontiac W oollen Mills

mar»
! Ladies’
Cloth
Jackets.
Customers
If there was anything needed to embit*
Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of the farmers of the surrounding country.
will be pleased to know we have secured the best goods which our experience and money could buy for
abundantly furnished in the dastardly, coid blooded and, unfortunately, successful, attempt that was made on the life of the Empress of Austria, on Friday last The villain who committed the foul deed
Many people are wondering how it ia that Hon. David Mills, t ho only man of is in custody. May the punishment that all the Canadian Ministers, who is really will be meted out to him be made fully well posted on international law, and commensurate with the questions of an international character, should have been left off the Quebec feruuce. They should bo equally curious to know why John Charlton the man who has always shown a disposition to sacrifice Canadian interests for the benefit of the Yankees, was taken on.
Our
Fall
Trade.
040
Carding, Spinning, &c,
crime
We have now in stock I done on shortest notice and
a large consignment off with the usual satisfaction Ladies1 Cloth Jackets, in all the leading materials and colors, at prices ranging from $3 to #8.
The Political Outlook.
Reports from N. Scotia say that Sir Char
les Tupper, the Conservative parliament ... rn.	. _	_
tary leader, wherever he appears in public, | l|nes llCS and DreSS GrOOds.
receives an unusually hearty welcome, an evidence at once of his personal popularity among the people who have longest
from power at the demand of the British *cnu^11 *l*,n M a public man,.and of a n	. nh;, i	.	,	4. growing favor with which the political
Government, v ma has reached the cause he represents is received by the I TIES TIES TIES TIES TIES state of governmental weakness where it electorate. The:# are many signs that TIES TIES TIES TIES TIES does anything that anybody c<2.l,fl for. when next the voice of the electorate is
Germany „k. for . port and get» n,*, ¦'-‘ mNn™	rePre“ntlt,ion 1	»®r Ladle* and Gentlemen.
Rusai, demanda a province and it i. hand- I fl jth jfg old hiitory and much^èee Litbèr- I ^'ou will be surprised at the _	.
ed over; Great Britain seeks her chief al than It is today. The Conservatives Style cllld gftitV which CRU 1)0 0r hllO R TRUgO 111 this
fc, a quarter.
n. condition i. i..iUt,on „,.nd„: | gZZ&lkP. =‘ï'KS.fL‘
in the place of Mr. Warburton, î.he recen tly resigned Liberal premier, shows that Mr. Fisher, the minister of agriculture, I the party there has good men to uphold jts
should give his early • attention to the^c,IU8e* ^tiW Brunswick the recent
ESsEsïïttS
snd are now a quarter of a million of box idence of marked anxiety among the Lib-ee under last years record to date. But ®ra,s* Provincial and federal alike. Mr.
ter, also, which at the beginning of the I u'lT.llT	returl]edL frum the
“aSOn eh0,ed 8,1 increese' ia *1*° I there’ is equally h “e’i^.piring'foï^t'hë dropping away, and the record is many ' psrty of whose cause he ia the most elo-
thousand packages short of that of Iasi I 't“eilt upholder. Mr. Sifion is one of Sir
NNilfrid Laurier s mistakes.
lie was brought in to quiet and to repre-, _	a Practical sent the political forces the late Mr. Dal ,
minister of farming. It should be mend- Lin McCarthy led in the Catholic school Bilks, ed at once.—Montreal Gazette.	| and trench language controversy. Hie I ^ elvets,
first appearance in the federal field, out Bra,ds.
Tfct6hfhaIlfA^ 68CaPe i8 am°ng the rc* *he vioIent opponenttjf tbe^e ejection of I grettable incidents of the Omdurman Conservative minister who was suspected
fighting. His capture would probably I of favorin>< re-est&b ishment of seperx
have made the peaceable possession of the I u° Catholic school# in the prairie province
u. , .	'le was known in Manitoba politics as a
...	4	.	Hl3 bom8 at man on the outlook for himself. In t!w
liberty may invo ve further military op- brouder field of federal politics i>
Orations, though on a smaller scale, as he I jU8l,be<^ who were his critics i will no longer have a population that once •	A,,d lvhen he " not lo"'
Buppor ed him to draw from, and his I tiv
prestige had been shattered by his in-1 recip iente of his attention. With hardly
capacity to stay the slow but effective I lt!l t Xvt'P^ion the leading Liberal papers advance of the Anglo Egyptian tfoods	of Ontario are hostile critics of
---- *¦ - -
Mackeuzie-Maun k ukon deal, with its
ilemendvus possibilities for roping in the We notice that the Governmsnt have I	investor, and its great grab at the
“h*	... itiru-1
er, of Bryaon, who for the past quarter a I which he belmga, and giving encourage-, _ __ - , century has been the returning officer for \ llleut to Conservatives. Conventions	Oil A W A.	ON
this county, in both federal and provincial ,ha, ° l?lely been held 111 leudi,iK British 1	"
•!t“r ,T"’ ":,k ?	«h.	cz.':; Bdi5Sa,Rrd
plebiscite election has been delegated to well attended meetings have also been held Mr. E. Meredith, retired merchant of I al, Calgary, Moose jaw, Indian Head and Quyon, who now doubt will perform it .Y Lyewood. Iu Manitoba, Mr. Greeway,	- .
%%%-	~	07» $Ÿ500°
time f >r a change—not however, on the school herrings to catch the Catholic votet O •core of incompotency on the part of the t,ut not long ago he derided, and gene/ late official, but that the other poor fel* actln^ Bke a man at the end of his
iz r * T": ",,h* F“<i £¦£? iü: “s: I
from their masters two hundred and fifty throw, and he knows it .thousand dollar table.	I ! "
con
This week we advertise two
to customers.
i)
The large stock of Goods lu connection, namely of-»
TIES TIES TIES TIES TIES TIES TIES TIES TIES TIES
Li Bung Chang has been dismissed
TIES! TIES!
TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, SERGES, FLANNELS, PRINTS, &c
#
We never had so large
\
line, and invite inspection.
•>
/
will be found of the latest design, of superior manufacture, and at prices that cannot be honestly under. . cut. . .
ers
DRESS GOODS DRESS GOODS DRESS GOODS DRESS GOODS
P. S.—Kid Gloves next.
DRESS GOODS !
DRESS GOODS DRESS GOODS DRESS GO^DS DRESS GOODS
For honest, serviceable goods
* #
we take no second pi£Oe*
it ia really wonderful the goods we are offering at 15 and 25c. per yard, and our 50 cent lines are elegant
404
e
t
An
Inspection
J. H. SHAW.
I
WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYER*,
All this is a state of affairs not
season
looked for under the rule of
) For Trimming.
A. HODGINS,
PROPRIETOR.
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO
; E. HODGINS & SONS.
Soudan
provinces sure
AT
Car*run at interval* of twenty minutes In j the morning and fifteen minutes in the afternoon, dally, Sundays Included.
When you come to Aylmer don’t fall to shoot the chute at Queen's Park.
Go through the maze puzzle If you can.
Hide on the Merry-go-round.
Water chute affords the fines? amusement in the countiy. Endless chain takes you up A.	«	.	^
C? Alam Clocks $1.10
Jet wgU	i g	g g
Close connections are made with all Cana- 8eu3#V ClOClZS 4»50
dlan Pacific and Gatineaul Valley trains at L_
TZZZZZI “ I Watch Glasses 10c S 16c.
Other Jewellery - -
* - away down
SWATMAN’S.
cal
affair*, mm » nun ne is not loo*' • v uut for Mr. Siflun, some of Mr. Sifton d idu generally credited with being th
* Central Canada
vs are
o
i
p
some Ho is not-
Rings;
from 15c. up.
Eleventh Annual
was
l.Tf
EXHIBITION
AT
W. It. TAYLOR,
Sec.-Treae
SEPT. 16 « 24, ’98.
Bristol Mart
4
AT SWATMAN’S
—A N D—
Saai Point Ferry
HIE JE1VELLEB,
ISHAWVILLE, P.Q.
expended this year in extending and improving the grounds and ectmg new buildings.
Until further notice, the undesigned who has secured a good safe boat, will carry passengers and freight every day ^Sundays
.1...	------ ssaffljasr?-”*'-11——-
the “ eh red. Mid patche»" of the Don,in	The Pruet have been increased in *11 Leaving	Wharf st8 a.m. . * 4». p. m
•mi. i. h».	o„„. ci.» b„.a,	isvsss. te «‘¦âtvSfspss iisr- -™ »•••
sums up its opinions regarding the plobis- well with the Conservatives. In the con “Special Sweepstake Prizes” for Horses	GEORGE BALLANTINE
cite on which the electors of Canada are Dal provinces—Ontario and Quebtc--the | and Cattle.	I Bristol, April L'2, i^>8
toca.tthe'r vutes on the 29,h mat:— *'/ %te ’ " 1*0 "taw ", ' t hi ‘ La une/ fiuvv rT | New Main Building 310 feet long,, eon.
Mr. Foster most aptly describes the pro Uient threw itself into the Ontario fieht to HP n j°DIr°n’ A*r,cultural Implement hibition plebiscite campaign ar a “battle carry the Hardy Government through. ,?a :	11 ,,,UÎtry Building enlarged,.New
Stir	iFEEErEiS
*3rop forever.“ But suppose it should	tUPI\°D so shattered that its only hope of	with records of 2.12 and 2.17	that race
carry? The government is carefully un*	Ja,,gl*‘g < n	is in the courts accepting and	alone on the track without	riders or
f" r %T",............-, 4 - Mr.zrs.-Mî&t	.'ZJzrfz
the country will have dropped a cool quar- the courts, in tlefiause of every principle high into a tank of water. The tank is ter of a million merely to tide the admin-	that »bould	guide proper legislation. Lib-	an excavation in the ground 4#	feet long
iatration temporarily over a difficulty of !	*ias	^ual **} Ontario, and its loss is	20 feet wide and 10 feet deep*
their own making.	I quarrels of the Government party have
e	been proclaimed from the housetops. Its
efforts of the Agricultural and jobs stink in the nostrils of decent people, j jEvOU^ÜP1	3,121211Q11 tf
Ipmmissioner will be directed for j lf8 leaders' time is taken up in arranging	®
the distribution of jobs so as to placate	as usual. Magnificent Spectacu-
the noisiest of the kickers, and in explain-	ular : ‘ The Siege of Delhi”
jug to clubs and associations why more	every night with fireworks, and
^lish market appears to be glut I jobs are uot given out. Every thing ia |	.. .all specialties performing....
,<it there is a splendid market for j tending to weaken the ministers’ hold of
!» Hznerïïns “srstim	« » u«. ti
fitter requires to be wrapped in wax pan- province, and hardly any sections of a
er and placed m hermetically sealed tins province where the misdeeds of the Blairs
and in this wsy will keep good in any ! apd the Tartes and the Sillons, and the
blunders of the Davieses, and the Bordens
.	...	,	.	»,	*	,	, „ , , and the Mulocks of the abministration
her of tins uiiviv in lout real ami -'mus , are not raising a feeling that must end in
they are quite equal to those made in | the overthrow of [the whole.—Montreal
France. A shipment of butter in tins j Gazette.
ar-
P. S.—Bicycle Repairs kept and Repairing done.


i
NDIKÎ
>hmwn with".
I
0S£rc&'
wr

A. J. JAKE
N> vS


SHAWVILLE, QUE.
>
\
m

o
r
t;

V

House & Sign Painter, Giider, Glazier, Decorator.
v
i

%
E6

0

ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ÀTTENDEDTO. |ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
A
y Marlin Repeaters 'j'
£ liSaSIsSII j
imm i
jpJSTitS K «-».!• ?
•ttwfoedt • ' -\iffs aarffrii ifs-yAj
to come to promoting tha ex of Canadian butter in tins


0

FIRST*CLASS WORKMANSHIP^AND SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
1

i

travel.
t


Eor all particulars address
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
climate. Prof. Robertson has had a nuni
h
Win, Hutchison, M.P., E. McMahon,
President,
i
For Prices ou MARLINS, (any
calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALEP,
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

e
Secretary.
2G Sparks St.
d
k




• r

:






###PAGE###5###
Several Christian families have sought
Am
1KOOP8	To
Malta, I aland of Malta, Sept. 8.—Half
k°f ‘hti Doraetalnre regiment and a detachment of the medical •ailed laat night fur Crete, will follow.
pALL
Here Hey Are :
Ball.....
Cartridge
MILLINERY
OPENING
SCOTCH SUITINGS ENGLISH IRISH FRENCH CANADIAN "
il
il
il
Miss Aille- McRae’s,
corps Other troops
o
Smoke and
OUR LEADÜR:
HOOTCH CURL HEROES In Black and Blue at $12.50 per Huit.
turkhmw withdraw I. ...	.. T no,se attract veiT little attention from
..la ÏÏÏÏ ar.iTi,aZ,„*. cS*l gent buymi! PuMic- »*¦ 0ur P™»« ««> Bullets.
in.tlee ha. notified the Foreign Admiral, that in view of the maaaacre at Candie, tt la impossible to continue the effort to organize an administration until the Turk ish functionaries and troops shall have been withdrawn, tie demanda the vocation of the Cretan assembly and proposes to place a force of Cretans at the
disposal of the international administration.
1
Shawville,
’ SA TURD A Y, SEPT. 10.
an lii-
• • •
A. R. McGUIRE,
o
THE TAILOR.
The
we announce are confined to three sizes for Fall ~
Specials Trade Dress Goods. These sizes are known to do
the greatest execution. Specials at 25c. 50c and 75 cents. ISTMt,% ou will be astonished when you see the Goods and wonder %%%
h0W th°y can be 801(1 for the money. During Exhibition | „„ ^ J
HATS
A COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN
Cattle Astray.
con
— COMPRISING—
Ladles’ Walking lints»
Ladles* Sailor Hats,
Children’s Tams, &c.
—ALSO A NICE RANCE OF—
CONSULATES LOOTED
Athena, Sept, 8.—The following des-1 Week a visit to OUT Store will
patch dated at 9 o’clock this	'
been received from Candis: The Bazouka Christiana
... „ ,	more than reP“J y®", for you
.JïT" CVerr SeCti0U ovcr«“lri“« a" ‘he newest and
J in the surrounding diatricta
are arming to march to the assistance of .	.	.	, .	, „ the Canadians. There are eight warships
An inspection of stock la respectfully in the harbor; and a fresh bombardment,
lnviUd-	1 expected. The British, German and I We aTe <>OUnd to maintain it !
Spanish consulates have been looted; and thus far three hundred native Christians and sixty seven British subjects have been killed.
<>

SILK VELVETS,
latest novelties.
FLOWERS it

I*
m
FEA TREES.

** «
aK-
ThtJMd is our's for HIGH-CLASS DRESS GOODS and\
C

> t

W<£

I *f! ••
/" > x -Oh
We are Sole
Agents for
We have them in small and large designs for skirts
and dresses.
<
PRIESTLY’S FAMOUS BLACK GOODS.
5®


Victims of the Pire Plead
v-

TURKISH UARRISoN TO BE EXPELLED
Athene, Sept. 8.—The Asty mays it Prescott, Arizona, Sept. 12.—The I loams from an authentic source, that as town of Jerome, near here was comple I »oon as the British troops arrive at Candia
Ï1Ï&"	£ I	I silk8 for Trimmings.
bodi»	b„n ...... SMttSSty iM2? K	There'» a surprise right here iu silk prices.
ered while a score or more are said to be According to a despatch from Candia,	—0—0—0—o—o—o—
Th. fir. m . «K. SÆlïïS: dS3\? X“, fiv^tonsfor solicitmg your esteemed patronage :
spread rapidly. The tire was contioed ex the disarming of the Bashi Bazouka and
clueive'y to the business portion of the tbe surrender of the instigators of the dis-	*	" e have an unlimited stock to choose from,
town and the open space intervened be orders.	2. We offer the widest range of goods.
tween it and the works of the United . _	-----?-----—	3. We rive tha	v.,illo
Verde Company saved the latter's plant. I Attempt to Shoot Queen Wilhclmilia j	± w \ n 1
The area of the fire was confined to a nar	.------ 4* have the lowest prices.
row gulch and ravines leading to it, in Berlin, Sept. 9.—The Lokal Anzeigerj	give you the best attention,
which were located substantial wooden and I 8ftyi1 that fortnight ago attempt was stone buildings, the latter melting am I ™ade to assassinate Queen Wilhelmina, rapidly before the flames as pasteboard. I ,iUar Amerafort, province of Utrecht, on Over 150 residences averaging in value f be ro&d between Castle Scostydt and $2,000: 25general merchandise and other Basra. A man emerged from behind a stores, saloons, etc., of all kinds are wip tree an(* fired with a revolver at tier Maj-ed out. In short not a single business I	The bullet missed the Queen but
house remains. The only building to es-1 ploughed the cheek of a lady m attun-cape, was the Methodist church.	| d?nce* The would be assassin was arrest-
He is supposed to be an English an-
«*—«"• *»	s. o. I
A most appalling fire swept over New I dcf.ll0t 10 disturb the enjoyment of the Westminster, B. C., on Sunday morning* e,,tfi‘ uement festivities. last, as a result of which not a business place and scarcely a public building has been left standing in the city. Several vessels and nearly all the docks, warehouses , v
and mal mon canneries have been destroy.	*ork; kept. 8.—A despatch to the
od, besides 250 private residences. The “Hd from London says: loss figures up to $2,500,000. Several Published here of a daring plot to c casualties are reported, and several deaths smat0 * ‘*ir	Bumsia in Moscow last
occurred from shock, and it is feared a week. The plan of the conspirators was,
number of persons have lost their lives in k ' al;ow gas to escape into a house on the II yijp P A ft II 11 if HPiiAhn the flames. Much suffering has been r,)Ue °/ th? Czira procession until the 1 Hr f" AlVl I L ¥ HEkARII caused by destitution owing to the city's a*ni08Phem m every room had become sat-	Efcl>,,n,|y
food supply having been consumed. Be ura/ed- One of their number was to re- /I j J fl IAIT : if 3 V OTA O w OF MflNTRFAf lief measures for the sufferers have been n|ialni,n the house and strike a light when MliU If lLiXLT V I Ail. UI tUU^lhLAL inaugurated all over the country, mean the tzat was passing, in expectation that	1
while the city of Victoria has been doing 116 bouae. "ou*d b« b,?w.n to pieces, and	AND ** VEM?
all it can to alleviate immediate needs. li,M Czar k,lled bX the flying debris. The	± £b£d ^jUU il X
MAINE town destroyed	I conspirator would perish himself as a sac-1
i”„ t For the balance of 1898 for
$200,000.	I agitation Kolanoff seems to have made an !
DEATH AND DESTRUCTION AT JEROME, ARK.
STOVES.
o—
The season for Stoves has now met in and ? h»; public will find me fully prepared to meet all their requirements with a first-class assortment of
in the ruins or missing.
COOKING, BOX
AND
PARLOR STOVES
WITH EVERYTHING TO FURNISH THE KITCHEN IN THE
—LINE OF—
1'in and Agate Ware,
at prices xs low as the lowest.
Furnaces, Steam & Hot tfater Heaters
satisfactorily fitted up.
H. PERRY,
MAIN ST. - SHAWVILLE.
0
With thanks for past favors, and bespeaking a continuance thereof, we invite one and all to call at—
The TJp--to-Date Store
G. P. HODGINS.
ed.
SHAW VILLI-;
Desperate Plot to Assassinate the
Czar
-A GREAT-
Mr Dressing Parler
COMBINATION.
A report is
s fc
assas-
MAIN ST.
- SHAM VILLE.
, -
if von require a I-falr Cut or S
t\f, you
viMrai.uo.i MiflMHciiou at Hie rL.Lwville Hair Dressing Parlour.
Per ties wishing In Iirvn- their razors hon-e-J nr oresMii c -n hove th**m put In excellent condition for from 15 to 25cents.
Thy my Haïr Tonic.
I
99
JOHN SMITH.
Shawville
Sash and Doer Fact m y.
McCrcdie & Ho*, Proprietors.
error, as the explosion was mia-timed. When it occurred a staff officer and his
Only 35 Cents.
OTHER FIRES.
Brandon, Sept. 10. —The Br.ndon felt .	...
factory was completely destroyed by fire I Wl'tf waa uriv,nS Pa*t the house and they, today. Loss $15,000. On the same night in8tead of lho Czir» were killed. The the outbuildings of James Miller on the cnachman Wlll probably die of his injuries, Belvidvrc road near Quebec were burnt. and ab?u? lh,l,y other persons were more Loss, 1 500.	I or *es8 injured. Koianoff a mangled body
was found aim ng the ruins.
The Czir and Czarina drove by just 25 minutes later. Many arrests have been made in Moscow, but the Russian press has forbidden to refer to the matter.
To New Subscribers
Hashes, Doors. Mouldings, Blinds, etc., manufactu.ed to order.
All kinds of Matching aud Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
Feed and Provender Ground.
This is the best short term subscription rate rate offered. The publishers of the “ Family Herald and Weekly Star” have been induced to make this offer, in order that the improvements in that wonderful
It is a mar-
ever
LEAPED FOR THEIR LIVOS.
Quebec, Sept. 12.—E irly yesterday morning Levis was visited by a $12,000 fire. The buildings destroyed were on Commercial street, two large double buildings, valued at $9,000, belonging to Mr. J. Carrier, grain merchant, who was inau ed for $5,100 A livery stable be longing to Mr. Turgeou was also burned. Horne of the inmates of the dwellings destroyed had to leap from the windows for their lives, and several jured in consequence.
-ï
paper might be more generally known, vel of cheapness.

Bmpross of Austria Assassinated.
STABCRU RY AN ITALIAN ANARCHIST.
Geneva, Swilzjrlaud, Sept.10.—The PH I Htonipress of Austria* was assassinated at
.......Ws£2:|	srw’«•
{ïsâ^^ta gËÉssîîËsiiES; mÊSSÊ
,h.J w,^Pr-C'.r.Œ5.K SUBSCRIBE SOW.-mis offer is „ood until Ocoierl SCltMfflt flWrKMI.
. 800 Christiana have been massacred- and K,U,'!"!pl1’ who ™'tr[,ed P,,uct” Stephanie	10til, and IS for New SllbtCviberS Only.
. s: aststtBmi	&»<,««- «,^0». t.
°T7°'
Athens, Sept. 8—It is reported that at earner unconscious. The boat started, the bombardment was renewed at Candia I but seeing the Empress had not recovered yesterday and that the porÉnad been ser- consciousness, the captain returned, and jously damaged. The foreign warships I the Empress was carried to the Hotel :lavy lauded soldiers to reinforce the Brit* I Bcaurivage, where she ixp'rtd.
181 Kariison; and pumps have been laud- I	the assassin.
ed t., assist in quenching the fires.	I Geneva, Switzerland, Sept. 10.—The
According to the telegrams from Can- I murderer is a man named Luc?!*» is «wtimated that 22 British were choni. He was'bornjn Paris, of Italian ail-ed and 45 wounded yesterday.	i spprentage.
EO YEARS' FXPcRIEN'Z
&

tIt

The Gquîty
*r

5 *
Massacre of Christians by Turks in
Crete
is
Family Herald and \\ eekly Star’ is the world's great newspaper success of the age.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. T.mrgest elr-culntion of any sclentlflo Journal. Terms, $ii a year; four months. $L Sold by all newsdealers.
MUNN & Co.36,Broadwa^New York
Branch Office G25 F St.. Washington. D. C.
JOHJV A. COWAN,
THE EQUITY,

ATENTS
ÛZ
Qve. I jjs
Shavvvilll,
It
PROMPTLY SECURED
macro

Write for our interesting books “ Inventor's Help” and “How you are swindled.” Sc id us a rough sketch or model of wur invention or improvement and we will tell yoa frtie our opinion aa to whether it is p’-obablv jAtentable. Wo make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished,
MARION & MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS & EXPERTS
civil <t Mechanical Fnplneere, Graduates of ths Ta y technic School of FuffliteerloK- Bachelors In ^ U-d Sciences, Laval University, Members Tivit-nl Law AMoeifttlon American Water W orks Association, New Enaland Water Works Z.ppac.
Job Printing
EXECUTED WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH AT
In the
Line of
THE EQUITY OFFICE
; •. - Shawville, Que.
J NEW YORK LIFE 8 U) C , MONTREAL 0AN. ( ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D O.
OFFICES:
\


















###PAGE###6###

Mfi
FUNNIÜRAMS.
SHOCK MARRIAGES.
now Is to gvt you nil ashore, and have
you	|
"That's mo T mid the coxswain. And [4 Riimnimglng l*«*l Uft*t W*kv»
HumIiiI Dliemverlee#
TotU remind me #0 irraoh of my poor,
remind me of , my dear.
THE CASTING AWAY
ALESHINE
deer first husband I You, him altogether too much
Bad Aim.—Not a single book that I .
have written has made a hit. H’m ; joe muet have some Spanish blood In y oar
veins
Little Slater—What's the diff’renoe
'tween 'lectriclty and IlghtnJV f Little Brother—You don't have to pay nothin' fur light nin'.
Mr. Iaaacstein—So you tl'nk young TlonetiUuim menus peeznesaf Kebcooa
Tsaacstein. coyly—Yes, papa; he talks nodding hut nonsense.
A Timely Ea«i|ie—What did Christo» pher Columbus may when they called
him up at the tea nee ! lie said he was mighty glad he was dead.
A Tangled Web—Tommy—Pa, why are single women onlled ipinstersf Pa
—I expect, it's localise they are always spinning • web to catch a mao
Our hearts go cut to the poor marked the observer of things, largely beeauee our hearts can go out without getting our feet wet.
She—So Mr. Sapper has just celebrated his golden wedding wedding! Why he’s only just got man-ried. She—Yea, but the girl has £10<-
tho two sailors muimured, "Ay, ay.
1,1 The l>ar which stopped the progress A Bangor, (Maine) lawyer attending of the larger boat was Just under the court In the ancient town of Wise asset surface of the water, while another, a went, rummaging recently in thte Col-
& SHS BBJE	M
in the bottom of the coxswains t>oat. the official registration of a «mode and he ordered two of the» t wards taken marriage.M Not knowing what sort of
Th.	..- 5.4: SS IE-5' SSS	™ ir/r.
the three persons, of whose existence | ^ ^0VLm pleasant, Mrs. Leeks."	by my skiff.	custom that prevailed in England
we had discovered traces, was svery ,.j^ke to know how long you ex- I “Now,” said the coxswain, let the ^Qt.ury or two ago, and also to some
Sirri:	KSTSW,
latter, "whether Emily Is the mother	Xleshim "k no win* nothin' sl>out daughter, who had not yet spoken a * here the bride appeared dressed in a
of Lucille or her daughter, or whether But thijl \ wm »ay. that I hope word, was passed forward by the cox- wfaite flheet or chemise. The reason of
she's bis sister and not hers, or whe- | Duriug this dialogue 1 had been atm&rd. and I rowed with them to the ^ebt he could be held liable for her
both her children, or whether they are	should they In in an open lioatf "Mr. «usante, I supposeT* said Mr». a woman married a man who was in
two maiden ladles and Mr. Dusante is ^û(j NNher» did they come from! Wher- Looks. And Mrs. Aleshine burriedly |jeht his creditors oould not tok»- !*• their brother, or whether Mr. Du- ever (bey might live, it was not at all whispered in my ear, "la it Lucille or	rt	to ^tisfy their claims if he
SfJifurJJ—iSSÆZ'Î.ÎÎTf™ *£.'ïlirki,..«ibU'I,«pwj-11.
nv>n ought to livfs in such a lonely fhf neral ha raster and appoint- situation. For a few moments Mrs. land, says an antiquarian, there wns place without a man in the house. ’ mente of the houstl In which we had Leeks and Mrs. Aleshlne stood speech- ^ least one ou»e whore the bride was
S EJBti ~2 —2=5^
sante and a mother-in-law, or a pair : f atteûding fo tdwlr domestic affairs with life-preservers, affected them so mingham. The minister at Arst roof sisters, all wie've got to say Is, TThe .fi aver- orderly and proper way It much as this disappointment In re- jM9etj to l)erform the ceremony
"szEac: :1 HSœ	=#sl x.
think I earned the wages which my n(^ded during the intended stay. Now, | of things to which they were not arcus- To CArry out the law fully, ns I he companions bud allotted to me. for I th wae utile or nothing in that tomed ; but th y hod never Imaglmv	j understood it, the ceremony
mm mmMÊÊm *1
IBS
wmmm
question. Add to this the fact that the kitchen.	ro»d along which we have been walk-
meals lie came very irregular, and	'	ing we are so far above it that we see
-----—- -	„ 1» • iw. ».«,
terpolated the red-bearded man.	HE KNEW A THING OR TWO. new proportions, and we discern their
l%:%	Ar.w,vu.l.,..,».^..m...^-l.U.,.,u.wlthwu.d.r,«,	.1^
possible for myself and daughter to re- ped fr-mi a train at one of the London longer on that vessel, on which stations, when a young lady skipped we were the only passengers. 1 there- up to him, threw her arms rapturous-
,to w whic»..... .p-	!».¦»«• «'-k-i-ih-,
proaching the island had come near more than a week of delay and demur, times, saying, enough tor us to distinguish its oocu- he consented to do so.” you have come
pants, we found that it contained five "Couldn't do it,” said the man. "till	old gentleman threw both
“*«	%"h.~ s; surrs; .5 - - - - -111
made out one to be & ed the gentleman, "that this island wus breast.	.
inhabited, and that 1 could here find Soon she looked up into his face, and shelter and repose until a vessel could horror stood in her eyes.
1* sent from Honolulu to take me off. " Oh, my I You re not my papa I she He furnished me with this boat and said, trying to free herself from his
three seamen, one of whom," pointing embrace.	. . . ..	,. _
to the red-bearded man, "is a coxswain. " Yes, f am, insisted lie old gentle-Wc have been rowing ever since early man holding her tightly ; you are this morning, with but a very moder- my long lost daughter and I am go-ate quantity of food and much discern- ing to keep you. in my arms, until I get fort. Now, sir, you have h ard my a policeman.’’
story; and I ask you. as one man to When the officer arrive* he found another, if yon still intend to bar your the old gentleman’s diamond pm m the water-gates against us?”	1 girl’s hind
"I did not bar the gates," 1 said,
“and 1 would gladly unlock them if I could. I belong to a ship-wrecked party who took refuge here some two
weeks ago."	M
"And how did you get in !" hastily inquired the red-bearded coxswain.
"Our boat sunk when we were within eight of the island, and we came here life-preservers, and so got under the
O h —
MRS. LECKS AND MRS.
#
IV
men and
He—Golden
000
iSorgtv- With-It lot of
She—Have you heard out Words T He—I've board
but
After that the
them without music Incident and the piano were cl nerd.
Dar ain* no good o’ he In backward in dia life, sold Uncle Ebcn. De parrot ain’t a very smart bird. But it manage» purty comfortable, jea' by git-tin un.de nerch an hollerin’ de little bit he knows.
Wanted Him Usual Sleep— flotei Clerk—What time do you wish to he called In the morning i Farmer—I don't
wanter be called at all, and I won’t stop at your tavern if I have 1er git before four 1 Do I f An acquaintance, meeting an Trish-cnrrylng a small box, asked him


up
man
what It contained. Sure, an’ it’s full
of nothing, replied the eon of Erin. Nothing I exclaimed the other. And, pray, whnt does nothing look like? Faith, an’ if ye'll shut your eyes, ye’ll be aftber eeein’ it immediately.
Heredity—Mr. Billue was looking
casually through am old pocket diary,
yellow with nge. that had come down
to him from his grandfather. Fifty-four
years ago yesterday, he said, as I see from an entry here, the old gentleman drank a mint julep. Well, what of that? asked Mrs. Billus. Nothing, only I’ve headache this morning,—blame

got a him î
A little hoy had come to school for the first time. The teacher, to encour-the children to speak, asked them
simple quest ions, much as, How many feet have you? etc. The cautious little man, however, listened without Raying anything. At last the teacher, noticing this, said to him, How many feet did you say you had ? Afraid of committing himself, he said: Please, sir, didna any T had any.
Poor old Li Hung Chang! exclaimed the man whose sympathies are easily excited at long range. He is always being called on to give up something other. Yes, replied Senator Sorghum but Li understands his business He
always manages te put ’em off with a yellow Jacket, or a peacock feather, or some such trifle. Be hangs on to his hank account, and him pull with the Russian Government, right along.
1
»lde of
the
i
have been widows

or
a.^
COULD NOT DRESS ALONE
not see over i—	. , ,	...	,
moments I had grounded the skiff and had sprung upon the wharf. Out on the o<van, aliout a mile away, I saw a boat, apparently a large one, approaching the island.	„	.,
"Now, then, Harb'ry Aleshine, said
vouTl soon see whether
CHANGES
A Xovn tkotlia Farmer Tel In ©MH* Intense KnflVrln* Frem Bhrnmatl»m and UeW He Found Belief.
A curious mental experience some-
It is as if WS
From the Bridgewater, N.S., Enterprise
Such suffering as rheumatism causes the victim upon whom It fastens itself is almost unendurable. Only those who writhe under its pangs can imagine the joy of one who has l*'f,n freed from its terrors. Mr. J. W. Folk en ham. of New Elm, N.S., is one of those who have been released from pain and who believes it his duty to let others know how a cure can be found. Mr. Folkcnham is a farmer, and like all who follow this arduous but honorable calling, is subject to much exposure. It was this exposure that brought on hie trouble and caused him so much suffering before he was rid of it. He says "In the spr ing of U97 I contracted rheumatism. Throughout, the whole summer 1 suffered from it, and al*>ut the first of October it became so bad that I could not get out of the house. The pains were located in my hip and back, and what 1 suffered can hardly be expressed, I became so helpless l could not dress uiy-eif without aid, Eventually trouble spread to my hands and arms, and at times these would lose all feeling and become useless.
I began using Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and after taking four boxes began to improve. After using six boxes pains and soreness had all gone and 1 able to do a hard day’s work. I Intend using a few boxes more a precatLonary measure, and 1 would tty advise those suffering from this painful trouble to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a fair trial and he made well.
Mrs Leeks. ,	,.	,
it's his two nieces, or his daughters, or his wife and sister-in-law, or what-of them other relationships which
our were
ever
you’ve got so pat."
said Mm

*4
but
mPIHI Aleshine
we'll find out if he's go-
"Yes
w bat's more.	....	.	.
lug to be satisfied with the board money we've put in the ginger-jar. "
ness in this purer atmosphere
small really are some of the obstacles,
some of the barriers which troubled us
so long I And other landmarks.
which we have heretofore thought of
little value, we now see are of the greatest consequence.
It may be some great sorrow or some great shock which has put us on this mental elevation. It may be separation from one we love which ha* opened our eyes to this wonderful inward seeing. Whatever was the cause, the changed new aspect of the chances and changes and conditions of life Is something we can never forget or ignore. We may go back to the jog-trot of everyday existence, but our whole point of view of life and its joys and sorrows has changed. Our 1 ody performs its daily functions—the eating, vl drinking, and working, and marrying and giving in marriage go "on us before. Our mind sits in its new conditions, and with startled, opened eyes reads the wonderful meanings written under the daily *how—sits and reads, and marvels at its former blindness.
How
t
main
PART III
Oh. papa, I’m so glad
arms
persons
two were rowing stern, we soon _
worn in, and, after putting our eyesight to its very best efforts |	1
obliged to admit that there was only one female on hoard.	....
"Now', that's disapp’intinV said Mrs. Alesbime, "lor I've wondered and wondered which I should like best, Emily or Lucille; and now that only one of them has come, of course I can’t tell."
The boat came on almost directly toward the passage-way in the reef, and it was not long before t lie two wom n had been able to decide that Mr. Rusante was an elderly man, and that the lady was moderately young, and in all probability 'his daughter.
"It may be," said Mrs. Aleshine, "tb^t the mother, whether she was 'Emily, or whether she was Lucille, has died, and for that reason they nre com n
we were
h
*
the
-
In November

the

was
NOVEL OCCUPATION

as
Miss Anna Estell Wilson, of New York, has found a decidedly novel occupation. 6he prepares music for invalids. She has learned* from physicians that music produces highly beneficial effects. Under the Influence of certain kinds of music t he nerve cel Ia, if depleted or too relaxed, may be stimulated to more vigorous action. Music of an opposite character will diminish too great nervous activity and t«nd l*. produce a condition of poao^ tmd rest -
fulness.
l
earne
TO PLEASE BIRDS..
A scientist once put an automatic musical box on the lawn and spent many hours watching the robins, bluebirds, and other birds gathering about
it. A looking-glass put up where the birds can see themselves in it is also very attractive, while a combination of musical box and a looking-glass pleases the birds more than anything else one could put out for their amusement.
back sooner than they expect-
*1
Williams* Pink Pills cure by going to the root of the disease. They renew and build up the blood, and strengthen the nerves, thus driving disease from the system. Avoid imitations by insisting that every l»ox you purchase U enclosed in a wrapper laaring the full trade mark, Dr. XVII llame' Pink Pills for Pale People.
Dr
Well. I hope you're wrong there
said Mrs. Leek»
on
Barb'rv Aleshin*
"for they'll see lots of things here that will freshen up their affliction* and that won't make them any too lively people to lie with.”
"On the other hand," said Mrs. Ale-shine. "it may he that Emily, or else Lucille, has got married, and has gone with her husband to travel, and
U\ rs.”
The two men who had been rowing now turned suddenly and looked at me. They both had black beards, and they both exclaimed at the same moment, "By George 1"
"I won’t stop here to tell any more of our story,- said L "The great point
away
>
*

*




###PAGE###7###
ties; they ruined me. They taught me t akull It teemed with hollow eye» to I crown, end holds In bis hand a stick the chief cause of their provident tal lu drink. They took me to the gamb- glare on the murderer, and ho, first and thinks it is a sceptre, and gathers overthrow by the Israelites. Ana now, Ung hell. They plunged me into the petrified with horror, stood in silence, up some pebbles, and thinks they are strange to eoy. Israel copied t bm r ex-houae of sin. They ruined my soul.' hut soon cried out: "Guiltyl Guilty! I diamonds, is no more beside himself ample, and, like them, wrought wir.gou l do not believe it. God gave to no one O God!" The mystery of thn crime than is every one who has not accept- things to provoke the Lord to anger, the power to destroy you or me. If a was over. The man was tried and ed the Lord Jesus Christ as his per- Home of these "wicked things are umu is destroyed, he is self-destroyed executed. My friends, all the unpar- I zonal Saviour; for the Bible, in the mentioned in detail in verse lu, 10, and and that is always so. Why did you domed sins or our lives, though we parable, intimates that every prodigal 17. There were four note tile stages in not break away from them ? If they I may think they are buried out of sight ** beside himself, in pbantasla, in de- the downward career of the Israel it es; had tried to steal your purse, you I and gone Into a mere skeleton of me- lirum, in madness The Bible is not First, false worship of the true God, would have knocked them down; if mory, will turn up in the cemetery of I compliment orv in Ms language. It does engaged in merely for political ends; they hud tried to purloin your gold the past, and glower upon ui with n°l speak mfncingly about our sins, secondly, open worship of false gods; watch, you would have riddled them their misdoings. I say all our unpar- It does not talk apologetically. There thirdly, a formal return to the true with shot ; but when they tried to steel doned sins. Oh, have you done the ** no vermilion in its style. It does not God, while the people in their hearts your immortal soul, you placidly sub- preposterous thing of supposing that «over up our transgressions with worshiped false gode with more en-milted to it.	good resolutions for the future will blooming metaphor.	erg y than ever ; finally, the lascivious-
jrsjFSr¦raswjrsH «Axas L&r&rsowsvaffti ss« ssc
^ ^	.ssp itsfi. ±::ll% izi lb ïriïV"ï'™';','2
pg-ESi Fppps mese
eü	wmm
so doing. Although we know letter, somebody else for two hundred thou-	ne yue« or George Hand, or M. J.	_ i	,	8* mandments anl in other places.
with oil, and under that preparation ness I Because others are depraved, la * table-land of f ne prospects; ..	. .	« t	____ lin prophet# alike to Israel and Judah, and
mmmi mmm wm&* mmm
EEs~:i3>sM!i:iPWi =T=n=r sessss
just a# you are. Shall It be a flatter- ! years, after sixty years, has gone to .. .	.	'*?* come out wlieregohns Hl-C OvllvAI jLllUUb. Amos 5. 4-15; Isa.. 1. 16-20; 31. 0; Jer.
first profile that was ever taken was questions. where we stand? what are J.	are down in the ditch
F ---ZT: k e SwœS « - -	~
blind eye, and he compelled the artist. will I be? Shall I range in summery	F'? who came -to seek
......
-Sr-HSs ÜEÜlS^îESg
zt :r.7:c.T,~	F9"
I ever preech them f Never ; for In “	“?*.	^to uaTher tl» la cominS oul of a c,clone; the lite- Not even then' for ldolatrou8 praotieee fo mpet the Mme ruLn. The Lord bad
th.«e days I waa somehow overmaster- (*«« «mtrluts and eomparlsons 1 °lte ?U «mashed; the bulwarks gone; were covertly continued. True, the peo- charged I hem that they should not do
¦ature, and I adopted the id™, end f w	glcJ L^%%r %lî	P^scngerH run up and down the ^,^rs of the true God were really
52^ “t4 JLiZZn Si^and1	""" “ , fEVaE&SE ^
having seen more of the world, and I Bat I hear some one say: "I will try pare for the next world " "No hope!' waa not il which eventually destroyed Itself ceased to call the nation s ntten-
Eiip~HH'gElss5i!sE5âlæ®
U#n,: ,lt rt reconstructed by the grace now-water has fal'ed, and now I will can towards the sinking Scotia Be- cludwl woodland sanctuaries. They Israel
of God. Talk about- vessels going to try the alkali of a good, strong résolu- fore f come up people are leaping into	built thwn hi«h Place9 in a11 ,heir clU	oa,';e8‘ Th^e, ..	,	.	.	.	.
pieces on the Skerries, off Ireland ! tiou.” My dear brother, have you any the water in their anxiety to ffet to	ie9* Instead of keeping to the one tem-	ready, marked the beginning	of	t^eir
iherc never waa such a shipwreck as idea that a resolution about the fu- the boat, and when I have swung up und the one altar commanded by j downward career, although hey re-Ui the Gihon uni the Hiddekel, river# of ture will liqui late the pa4? Suppose under the side of the Scotia the tren- God, they erected many of these. This presented not a false deity, butJehov-
V*11 first parents founder- ! I owed you a thousand pounds, und zjed passengers rush through the does Dot aeem to U9 at first tflance ah 0ne of them stood at Dan and ed. Ulk of a steamer going down with I should come to you to-monow, and gangway until the officers, with axe4to ** a very heinous offense, so long the other at Bethel. They wore held live hundred passengers on board ! say: 'Sir, 1 will never run in debt and plubs, and pistols, try to keep|as they worshiped the true God; but	to*	the de i G es of (he	na-
VN hat is that to the shipwreck of twelve again; If 1 should live thirty years hack the crowd each wanting his turn	in times of relative ignorance, when	turn, Bethel being called the	king s
hundred million souls. We are byjl will never run in debt to you again;" to come next. There is but one life- the best means of worship were a sir- ; chapel. Made a grove. Pointing to the nature a mass of uni ltiinliness and put-, will you tain to me and say: "If you boat, and they all want to get into ^ symbols, types, or object-lessons, ! worship introduced f>y Jezebel, the refaction, from which it takes all the 1 will not run in défit in the future I it, and the cry is: "Me next ! me next!" it was necessary that these symbols grossest worship ever known in Israel, omnipotence and intinitudo of God a wiil forgive you the thou and pounds." You see the application before 1 make I should be uniform; uniformity of priest-n^ * f hosi of heaven. Not# until mow grace to extricate us. e if I wash mj- Will you do that/ Nol nor will God.	,t.	As long as a man going on in Ibis	hood and one central sanctuary werefPj* Israel been charged with this cnA n 1(h snow-water, and should I We have been running up a long .score	sjn	feels that TÜ1 is well, that ho is	indispensable. That the God-fearing	1 ! worship. Manasseh introdurfod
cleanse my hands in alkali, yet ehilt of indebtedness with God. If for the pooling out at a beautiful port, and has people generally recognized this is y in[° f h^ southern kingdom from i h >u plunge me in the ditch, and my future we should abstain from sin, a|i sa;i aet, he wants no rescue; fout' if made evident by the fleet that Jerolionm Babylon or Nineveh. fx>rhaps from trie owu clothes shall abhor me."	thaï would be no defrayment of past under the flash of God's convicting could secure no priests except from the Arabs: it rvas probably thte "newest
I re ma i k, in the first place, that indebtedness. «-Though you shoud spirit he shall see that by reason of offscourings of the nation. From the thing in the morbid rmi^ious enter-people try to cleanse their soul live from this time forth pure as bn	iSm	be Is dismasted and water-logged,	tower of the watchmen to the fenced	prise of the day. Served Baal. This is
. s*,n ™ fsnow-water of fine a polo- archangel 1-efore the throne. that	&ud	^oing down into the trough of'the j city. From the loneliest and most ex-	fclimax. Jehu ^ had destroyed the
gJes. Here is one man who says; 'T would not redeem the past. God, In	^ea,	where he cannot live, how soon he	posed place to the most crowded and	open service but its evil rites had a
aiti a sinner; I confess that ; but I in- th i Bible, distinctly declares that He put# the sea-glass to his eye and sweeps	best fortified.	lasting popularity, and we> know that
niTited this. My father was & sinner, "will require that	which Is past,"— the horizon, and at the first sign of	10. They set them up	images. "Pil-	" continued to flourish in underhand-
m.v grandfather, in y great-great- pat opportunities, past neglects, past help cries out : "I want to be saved, lars," such as at the outset were de- '* 1 fashion do wp lo the days of Hosea, grandfather, and all the way l>ack to wl'ked words, past impure imagina- £ wiant to |>e saved now. I want to tie voted to the worship of Baal ; and by u’“° bild du‘d b'lst before the captivity. Adam, and I couldn’t help myself." My lions, past everything. The past is a saved (or ex'er." No sense of danger, means of these pillars, doubtless, Baal 17. They musérl .their sons and their brother, hare you not, every day* in great cemetery, and every day is buri- uo application for rescue,	was still worshiped. But it. is probable daughters to pass through the fire,
your life, added something to the orig- i ed in it. And here is a long row of oh, that God's eternal spirit would that many used these pillars in the This horrible sacrifice had only very uhI fvstate of sin that wus bequeathed j three hundred and sixty-five graves, flash upon us a sense of our sinful- worship of Jehovah also, observing rites recently been offered to Moloch by the to you? Are you not brave enough to It Is a vast cemetery of the past. But ness. The Bible tells the story in let- invented by themselves rather than northern kingdom, though (the citi-confeea that you h ive sometimes sur- God will rouse them all up wilhresur- ters of fire, but we get used (fo |t. We those commanded by God. Such rites zens of Judah |iad for years shared rend,-red to sin which you ought to re tionary blait, and as the prisoner joke about sin. We make merry over must in the very nature of things lw this most inhuman of Canaapitish nus-have conquered ? 1 ask you whether it stands face to face	with juror and I it. What is sin ? Is it a trifling thing ï I	debased and debasing. Groves. Artifi-	toms. Used divination and' enrhant-
to fair play to put upon our ancestry judge, so you and I	will have tacome sin is a vampire that is sucking out	cial structures, probably	poles, devoted	m^nts. Reveled in superstffion. By
things for which we ourselves are per- up and look upon those departed days the life-blood of your immortal nature, to the worship of Baal and Ashtoreth, omens and magical practices of every eo/.iliy responsible ? If your nature was face to face, exulting in their smile or sin ? It is a Basil Ie that no earthly I which may in a rough and genera! way sort II hey superseded their faith in a^K,*w when you got it, have you not	cowering in their frown. “Murder	key ever unlocked. Sin ? It Is expatria-1 be said to have corresponded to the	Gad. Modern	endeavors #in	the same
eumetunes given it an additional twist?	will out" is a proverb that stops too	tion from God and heaven. Sin? It is	worship of Bacchus and Venus. These	direction	and	with	similar	evil
XV ill all the tombstone# of those who short. Every fin, however small aa grand larceny against the Almighty, “images" and "groves" were placed in suits are spirit-rapping and theosophy, nave preceded us make a barricade well as great, will out. Jn hard tfones, for the Bible asks the question: "Willi every high hill, and under every green 18. Therefore. Because of all this btgh enough for eternal defences? I years ago, it is authentically stated a ^ man rob God?" answering it in the tree; for it was on hilltops and in for- departure the Lord (Jehovah) was very knnw a devout man who had blasphe-	manufacturer was on the way, with a	affirmative. The Gospel is a writ of	esta that the licentious worship of the	angry,
moue parentage. I know an honest	bag of money, to pay off hU hands. <A	replevin to recover property unlaw-	ancient East was most indulged in.	griexéed
man whose father was a thief. I know man infuriated with hunger, met him fully detained from God.	H. There they burnt Incense. Incense As If 1
man whofle motherwss a waif on the road, and took a rail with n The bell at the cemetery gate tolls. Waa the universal symbol of prayer; so Neglected privileges are taken away.
Ç* the street. The heredif<Fy tide may nail in it from a paling fence, and The procession goes through, and ropes regarded by heathen as G well ns by There was none left, but the tribe of very strong, but there is such a struck him down, and the nail, enter- are wrapped around the casket, and I worshipers of the true God. But Moses Judah only. God's peculiar people, the tÙft hemming it. The fact that ing the ikull, Instantly slew him. the casket lowered five or six feet; | restricted the burning of incense to object of hU love and his care, includ-Lu	v	* corrupt nature is no reason	Thirty yeArs after the murder went,	but	the body inside the c&a- the golden altar which was wdthin the	ed both kingdoms; but. the northern
«	*	anould yield to it. The deep	back to that place. He passed Into the	ket	is no more dead than is every I ven. The Inoense burned in "high	kingdom fcfcd so rapidly deteriorated
1a	u 0Ur 80111 oan never be wash-	graveyard, where the sexton was dig-	man	until he has been regenerated by I places" with heathenish acoompanl-	that, none was left for God to caress
t fru!	bT the, snow-water of such in-	ging a grave, and while he stood there	the grace of God. It la not I say so, meats cou'd never be accepted	and prosper, but Judah. And, sad to
sim*?I âpoiogy,	the spade of the sexton turned up a but the Bible, which pronounces US the Lord carried away before them sav, Judah learned no good lessons
ei til ruther says some one : " If I have ekull. and lo! the murderer saw a nail dead, dead—in trespasses and dns. Original Inhabitants of^^the land, whose from her sister’s overthrow, but sinned lntto It has been through my protruding from the ba*k part of the The maniac who puts around his brow indulgence in foul practice# in conneo- on tilt she too shared Israel’s punish-•eiu panions, my comrade#, and assoc I- skull, and as the aeXtoif turned the J a bunch of etraw, and thinks it Is s'tlos with their idolatrous worship was meat
LET THE PICTURE BE TRUE
REV. DR. TALMAGE PREACHES ON THE UNCLEANNESS OF MAN.
Twelve Nanti red Nllllon *•¦!» Shipwrecked- Apolegle* Will Wei Cleanse Year Son! or Sin Nr. Telman* Advises Kvery one to Pliil Out Jnnt Where They Stand -heed Résolu I Ion* Will Not Wash Away 1ra»gre**ln*s- Appeal la Sin new.
A despatch from Washington says:— Dr. Ta Image preached from the following text; "If I wash myself with snowwater, anti should I cleanse my bands in alkali, yet «halt thou plunge me in the ditch, and mine own clothes shill abhor me."—Job. lx. 30, 31.
Albert Barn vs—honored be his name
f
v
13. Against Israel, and agiinst Judah. The kingdom of Judah had been * I perhaps a little more faithful to Jehovah's high ideals than the kingdom of Israel ; at least they reverenced the temple, and the priesthood, an l the royal line of David. But th-lr morals, too, were rotten, God showed no preference for either djvisLm, but sent hie
clean could be ; but if the plain snowwater failed to do its work, then they
"Seer" was th* older name. The word» were nearly synonyms. To the kingdom of Israel these prophets hid been sent; A hi jab and Shi Ionite, in the first Jeroboam's time ; Jehu, the son of Han-anl. in Baaaba's time ; Elijah and
were compelled to make egress by only one door, and I stood there and
questioned you, and
Christ had made the
INTERNATIONAL LESSON, SEPT. 18
14. They would not hoar. Familiar* ity with trust tends to harden the consciences of the disobedient. (Hardened their necks in a Hebrew figure of speech for stubborn self-will, fake to the neck4 of their fathers. (Dogged-Verse. 9. The phrase the children of ness of will and other moral characteristics are as hereditary as complexion or features believe in the Lord their God
“4'Hptfvltj of the Ten Tribe»." 2 Kings 17. » I*, «olden Text, I Citron. 9H. I.
PRACTICAL NOTES.
Israel has here the restricted meaning of the kingdom of Israel, "the northern
That did not
Did secretly those things gome of those who formally worsMp-
Their national ed him had no practical trust in him.
15. They rejected his statutes. They disobeyed the moral and the çeremon-^ Lai law. Hi-i covenant. (See Exod. 19.' the priesthood and 23. 8-8.) Ills testimonies. The This "sin of Jero- testimonies of God are his command-
and
kingdom
that were not right life had been begun wrong by an official abandonment of the temple in Jerusalem and of
evil ex-
1 he
16. They left all the commandments of the Lord their God. The ritual order being neg’ected. the stated fc*vta it and sacrifices and even the Sabbat b
Molten images. even two as we hive sxid al«
Not irritated, but profoundly . Removed them out his sight. Palestine was Jehovah’s abode.




###PAGE###8###
¦




NEW
norms
Heifers Astray.
ÆSaWK'Kw
old ml heifers. The owner la requested t » oaU and settle costs Incurred and remove the
• ?UswMIi
animals loi
The Plebiscite In Oonlonge
A riot occurred at a Guatemalan election a few days ago, during which *HH) people were shot down by the troops, * in* h$4 charge of the polls.
As announced per poster, amass meet-
here on the evening of the 7th mat., to their shame, be it said, our vitlage Council ix.fused the use of the Hull for that purpoie, utile.» they received the sum of $5,00. The ladiei at once came to the rescue, and in a very short tune had the neceesaiy funds on hand by voluntary subscription so that little game of the anti’s was blocked. The attendance was fairly good, but had it been annuuiv ced, as it should have been, from our church pulpits on the sabbath previous, there certainly would have been many more present; but the very whose duty it is to set a good example, r, v v « ,, m Th„ wo.k of *nd d*> a'1 thei.r P'>wor to suppress the
men are woikmg along the shores of the	, stereotype!, silly twaddle that
sne &
Ka:<;2£."v« f jœ-a2»”,.rr.: 1 groceries.
have some difficulty m obtaining crusamgs	t[i| f[.e 1* .)OW(,r thut be H in u hole;
Albert and Herbert street s.	J>r ia ^th&t ^ey like a 41 wee drap o. the
rather " themselves; or is it that they afraid of offending the liquor venders!
Whatever the cause may be, let me assure them that they are forfeiting the respect of those whose good opinion is worth Imv. ing—thu sober, respectable portion of the community.
Mr. A. H. Leggo was seated into the chair, on motion of Uvy Mr. Black, of Campbell's Bay, who has the courage of him convictions, and the moral courage to stand manfully fur whaf him conscience tells him is right.
Prof. Nicholls, the gentleman who expected to address the meeting, chanced |* to take a wrong road in coming from Otter Like, and consequently arrived somewhat lato, but the Chairman called
zrr cr.
EilS " I EilSISl I
for them get such a thorough raking | picking up of considerable wreckage.
. He spoke rapidly for upwards of boors, scoring point after point
f intoxicants as a hover
NEW
GOODS
•)
The Philippine Insurgents are show ing a decidedly Ugly side of their rough nature to the l nited States troops these days, and it is just possible Uncle Sam may have trouble with them.
Fifteen thousand Dervishes were by the British ami Egyptian troops at the battle of Oindurmaii on Friday, the 'Jml inst. Tho display of heroism shown hy the followers of the Khalifa is said to have been marvellous.
ALBEKT80mT®VTLLB*
Lot 27, K. 6, Clarendon.
i •• ••
>
KA
¦
Sept 13, 1808.
I am now receiving and
into stock a complote range
J. G. M=G*
passing
4
H. S. Dirt's Coni
killed
of
I
/ fl
FALL GOODS ¦
i
Butcher
OF ALL LINES
and
Grocer
''THE LEADING HOUSE "
To which 1 wish to cull the attention of my customer» aud l lie public generally,
men
Pembroke Southern nearly Hnithcd.
will be found ready for the Fall Trade with a choice supply of
jy The goods have been selected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intending purchasers.
Frcsli	__
«,,,1 'jr'1' MEATS
BIG
BARGAIN SALE. - - -
—w ith a complete stock of
CANNED GOODS CONFECTIONERY, CANDIES (all kinds)
f
Now In .
Full Blast.
j
The people are realizing our. values and arc going away well pleased.
Be one of the crowd next Friday or Saturday and get yourself a
. I SILAS YOUNG,
kit_ Starke’s Comers.
over
c
Terrible Trolley Accident
are
—also a variety of—
Fresl Seasonslle FRUIT
Cohoe% N. V., Sept G.—Shortly before eight o'clock last night a trolley car of Troy City Railroad Company was struck by the night boat special of the Dele* are and Hudson Railway Company at a crossing at the west end of the Hudson River bridge which connects this city volt Laneingburg, and its load of human freight was hurled into the air. Eighteen of the thirty five passengers are dead, aid at least ten of the remainder will die.
UNDERTAKING.
—,o
unauim«"i*!y
K?’ A call will convince intending purchasers that our goods are na represented, and that our prices will compare favorably with any store in the county, "dgg
X
)

SUCCESSORS TO
A. SMILEY, UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Nobby Suit . . Hat or Boots. .
J. G. McGUIRE,
was
MAIN ST., SHAWVILLE.
Twenty Stories About Mark Tw:in
or anything else you may require, at the Special Reduced Prices.
home.
1 wonder what attractions that y< ung man from Eardley has in this vicinity? Black berry picking is all the rsge.
K LONDYKE
The above firm having purchased the Undertaking business and equipment of Mr. Arthur Smiley, have also se» cured his services as manager of the for a term of months, which ia
Now is your Chance.
$7 to $10 Suits at $5.50. Suits at And others at - - $2.05. Extra Harvest Shoes. $1
Dress Goods.
W. J. Hammond, the the Braoebrid^e wife poisoner, is to hang on Thursday,
same
a sufficient guarantee that the requirements of the establishment will be fulfilled with the same degree of
$3.50.
satisfaction as formerly.*
cases
over two
WATCHES,
CLOCKS
Th3 Turks Kust Leave Oroto
A complete stock of Funeral Supplies
will be kept on hand.
—OFFICE AT T1IK OLD STAND—
MAIN STREET, - - SHAWVILLE.
.IAS. GRAHAM.
against the use
age. If any person left that Hall without I Cauea, Island of Crete, Sept. 9.—The
being convinced that the liquor traffic is admirals of the foreign powers, replying
J1.WELL1 RY I * curse to humanity, and is respomib’e t^e protests of the Cretan executive
j f »r tilling our jails, asylums and poor- | committee against the recent massacres, houses, it wss simply because they i hero determined not to bo convinced.
4»


IE


have declared that they will recommend that their respective governments settle “ Convince a man against his wfiî, I the question definitely by the removal of A complete stock of the above 1 He’s of the amie opinion still.” the Turkish troops from the island of 1	lit	]	1 have listened to a great many elo* Crete, and the appointment of a governor
always on an »	quent temperance orators, but never he-1 to 8elected by the powers.
<3K 2MC. DONALDSON » I fore heard such an array of unanswerable Main St. - - Shawvalle. I facts in fuyor of prohibition. Our village REPAIRING A si'i.1. IA1.1).	bears a harsh name for drunkenness —
and deservedly—and it is my opinion that ai v ni.»n who professes temperance and especially tin-so who have boys growing
up end still clings to the threadbare ox	......
case that prohibition interferes with |»eo Mr. McLeod Stewart handed the f"l-ples’ rights, must either have an Indian lowing to The Journal last XXednesday:-rubber conscience, or no conscience at all. At present a large body of American At the close of the meeting, a C m capitalists are engaged ‘n forming a com-chosen to look after the inter- | pany with a capital of £(>,000,000, in connection with the Ottawa and Georgian	.
Bay canal scheme. They propose to build VV 6 3*10 T)0S1" a large smelter at the entrance to the canal ..	*
on the Georgian Bay, and an equally cop	¦
-*.lefinvr at Ottawa, having their own	"

came
etc. etc.
JA8. (TTUBFHTSON.
Either Silk, XXrool or Cotton manufacture in Summer Styles, will all be offered in July at such liberal reductions that buying will be difficult to resist

-•
pOB A

To Build a Hugo Smelter
Gloves, Hosiery Laces, etc ... .

BIO SCHEME IN CONNECTION WITH OEOKCI AN
LAY CANAL
fN Ottawa Business College.
(Established :$‘i years.)
*
leave your order with.............
and ninny other seasonable lines will be subject to Great Discounts during July.
Fall term commences August 15th. A permanent stHfT of four experienced »b e expert tchCbeiK ; thirty two years of nnimer-ruptccl success ; being endorsed by Ibo leading business and p ofvsslonal men Capital ; en, 1. graduate getting the Dip oma of the Business FducNtors* Associai on oi Canada ; Ibf fitçceee of our graduait* (they are to bo fnufcd iVôrywîKu) are peints tor your consideration. St-nd for new Cala.oguc.
JOHN KEITH, Principal, 148.154J Bank St., Ottawa.
G. FRAME
mittee was cats of the temperance cause.
• A Resident of Couloxoe.
j
SHAWVILLE.
BRISTOL HEWS
acioua
fleet of boats to convey the amalgam by watar from the smelter to the refiner.
The smelter is to be erected on the
Headquarters for the beat Groceries in the County. We are continually on the lookout for the best and newest goods on the market.
(Too late for last Issue.)
Black berrying is the order of the day.
A party who went from our village to I Georgian Bay because of its being the Pick.wck Farm report the berries very mo8t central point to which heavy era plentiful.	, can be brought by water from all direr-
The members of the various Temp1 es tions for the purpose of bring ieduced, have their hands full preparing for the whilst by means of the proposed waterwry coming plebiscite on prohibition. Now t|,e amalgam ran be brought to Ottawa at is the time for the friends of Temperance one-eighth of the cost that it could v-to stick to their colors.	carried by rail. When the amalgam has
Miss C. McCuaig of Auburn, N. Y., been resolved into its component metals, is visiting her mother at present.	it is the intention of the company to
Mr. Jno. Warren of Braeaide, spent manufacture most of them into the most Saturday and Sunday on this side of the ua(.ful and most paying products. For river.	instance, lead will be made into white
Miss A. McCredie of Arnprior, was vis- ]eac]t and lead pipes, whilst other metals iting her father this week.	will be treated in a similar manner. Mr. StarCll at 5c. per lb.
Mr. John Young of Boston, formerly \y, j. Poupore, M. P. for Pontiac, is the of this place, was united in matrimony to correspondent, and agent of the Amer-Mips Kate McMartin, eldest daughter of jcan syndicate, and is busily at work on D. McMartin, of Renfrew on Thursday. | (his matter.
The young c tuple left for their future home
immediately after the ceremony.
Scribbler
His reputation for turning out
Good-Fitting, Well-Made Garments is unquestioned.
Shawville
LIVERY.
W e have

•I*
Pickles, Baked Beans, Canned Coin and Peas at present that are a dm red by everyone, and praised by all who use them, and at prices that will astonish you.
Orders executed promptly at prices that cannot reasonably be undercut.
o

First class horses and rigs at popular prices.
Special attention paid to the commercial trade.
;
?
' Salmon at 10c. per tin.
Bcârttor & You.
??

1
We stay with
I
Furniture Furniture, Furniture
good quality and of all styles at
The Leading Boise fir Bargains-1 Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH. ?
Ontlooc is Hopeful
Ceylon and Japan Teas. Our name is a household word in every home in the county.
9

i

SUCH IS HON. MR. FOSTER’S VIEW IN REGARD TO THE CONSERVATIVE PARTY.
II
VICTORIA
if.

» -
m
Hon. Geo. Foster,
Toronto, Sept. 12. interviewed on the political situation, said:	Things politically seem lively and
encouraging, bo far as the Conservative, party is concerned. The action taken by the British Columbia Conservatives, following that taken by the Liberal Cotiser» vativea in New Brunswick, augurs well for the Conservative party in these two provinces. In Nova Scotia the enthusiastic reception granted to Sir Charles Tupper shows the drift of opinion in that province. In Manitoba it is conceded that Hugh John McDonald will break Mr. Greenway’s power when the opportunity is afforded by the local general elections, Ontario is here to speak for herself, but the reading of the division list in the Legislature, with its bare six of a majority lor Mr. Hardy, gives gieat strength to the Conservative parly «II over the Dominion, and augurs ill f«*r tin Liberal party, bereft of Ha old time and trusted leader. New Biumwick Conservatives are organizing for a sern s of meetings to be held in each county, at most of wh ch 1 propose to be present to assist
them.
(Too ’ate for last Issue.)
All the farmers are finished with their harvest and the well known whistle of the thresher is being heard in this sec lion once more.
Miss Steven spent Sunday at Mrs.
James Wilson’s.	-
Miss Maggie Cu.thbertson of Hazel Grove Is visiting her cousins’ the Misses
Hodgim at present.
Quite a heavy wind storm passed over
heie last Friday.
We are sorry to report that Mr. Will* iaiu C. Hodgin* is at present very ill, and also Mrs. Robt. Corrigan.
Miss Jennie Wilson who has been on the sick list for some time is improving
rapidly.	.	.
Temple is progressing fine, another
member last night.
Miss Alice Scully left here last week
for Buckingham where she has been
«aged to teach.
Mr. Willie J. Brown of Poplar Hill, the guest of his uncle, Mr Thus. Wil
ns who has been vie-isco isili has rotur
• À

For the Beet Qualities and the Best Prices call at the old reliable every time.
v
Pontiac Pacific Jaictioa Ilf.
steam
9
o
Official Time Table :
Come to DOWD’S
AM.
Arrive 9 45 "	9.21
Aylmer
tBrtekvurldge
T Hard ley Parker’s Crossing f* Mohrs Q,u yon Wyman’s ?Tank Bristol
McK“e’«
Bhawville
Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ? Tank t "’Vinton Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
5.45 Leave
I
4 •
600
9.06
4#
6.12
8.58
h
6.18
8 50
«•
6 26
6 40
it
6.87
8 22
64
64
8.47
H.14
• •
6.56
8 08
46
6.58
64
8 02
ii
7.04
7 52
m
7.26
?
7.81
46
41
7.45
H. S. DOWD
7.18
7.16
66
• 6
8.00
8 08
new
7.06
4 •
64
8.12
J JAMES M°ARTHUR,
6.54
•<
8 JO
6.3 V
««
M7
Leave 6.:;0
8.55 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTank. t'Flag Station.
Com.ecting with Hull Electric Railway
Aylmer.
en-
Quyon Que.
SHAWVILLE.
WRS
?
'x
son.

P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT j itîDg hi
. John Hodgt
tiei de in wii
Mrs

i X







, A















