###PAGE###1###

t 0

No. 34. 19m Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, FEB. 0, 190%.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
PERSONAL
Come and see our $3.50 enlargements, framed complete. Competition defied.
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
Mi$s Alina Hobbs, Ottawa, arrived last week on a visit to friends in toe n.
Mr. Norman Wilson, has returned to
8mabt A Burra. I Now Westminister B. C.
i Extension or. Time.—My clays hence* Mr. Ralph W, [Pidgins, ono of the
-	- $6 000 000. i folth Canipbel’s 'Bay will l>e every Church Wardens of St. Pauls attended
v 1	} 2nd and 4th Tuesday in each rponth. the meeting of the Diocmn Synod at
H. Iiiihon, (Montreal last week.
Photographer
^ MUCH TALKED OF ST0I)E
Each Day l|ere is “ Bargain Day.”
OTTAWA, CANADA.
• ..... lAUOO.OUU ........r l,766,oeo
Horse Blankets and W ntcr Rugs to be sold at cost.
lîraa Office: • Capital i-âld uj
OP CANADA.
Hmt
Board of Direclott
Charles Màobi, Eh<j., Prcside.it.
Gboroi Hat, bsq., Vice-President. H
Hos. Oso. Dbvso», Js. Joh» Matbrb, F.hü,. Atsx.Fa»-*»*. W , Davii> MaiLabih, E»Jv
Dnwis Mcbmit, Rmj
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
== J No 11; Robert Smart, repairs on hcHoo! No 3, $7.39; F Thomas, $1.30, repairs on crhool No 1.—Carried.
At thin juncture the Board adjourned.
flt’CH Math mon,
Mead O «ce, • Montreal.
ffî™
Ornerai Manager, .. .. Manager,
m — ¦
notick foi a number of years and was then transferred to Hinton burg, where he was parish priest of St. Marys church for ten yearn. About a year ago his Money loaned on approved security at health began to break down through the reasonable rates.	ravages of Bright’s disease and he resign-
«7	•“	“3 STArSKÏS!
Mon*» y rni.afe r*<i to all part*	of the world.	pu(^er (;0]e WttB essentially a worker and	simple cure for that form of mental de
the present prosperous condition of St	pression known as “the blues.” It is
Mary’s parish is duo to hi» unselfish and	to smile. The more you smile the bet-
Acooun/s opened for amounts of one dol- | UQremitting efforts. Of an engaging person ter. It i flaxes the nerves, promotes
ably, he endeared himself to those with	digestion, switches the mind to agreeable
whom he came in contact in the discharge	thoughts and has a happy effect upon
10 a n	to l r m	of his parochial and other duties and his	those about you. The remedy is a cheap
F A	PA UK kR,	demise will be deeply regretted by all	one, and while m some instances it may
Manager,	who had the priviledge of claiming him	be hard to take there is no fear of an
him as a friend. His death came as a over dose, shock to the residents of Hintonb of whom knew that he was i 1. his official connection with the ceased with the appointment «of
on Tuesday last. Dr erican railway magnate, who was sent over to Ottawa as the representative of the Vanderbilt lines, conduct the negotiations which had for their object the purchase of the C. A. R.
The change in proprietorship will mean some important changes in connection with the equipment of the road, while it is expected that little if any interference be made with the present staff of officials. Among the projects spoken of by Dr. Webb as a result of the change are : the re-tracking of the life with heavier iron ; the building of new bridges, a large increase in the robing stock ; the erection of immense elevators at Depot Harbor and Sorel ; a new line of steamers for the gra n carrying trade, and a large union passenger depo Commenting on this important railway deal the OttawaCitizen says : —The news of the purchase of the Canada Atlantic railway by the New York Central has been confirme i and in short Ottawa will be in connection with the Vanderbilt system of railways. This should prove a sickness I great advantage to the Capital and stim-„	_ „	. ^	, ... n ____' Hua to the growth of trade and
X	rtio? !hroughout M t,,e portion
Mrs. John Hamilton, of Clarendon, paid country.
Mr. and Mhu Geo. §mith a visit Sunday. For some time past there have been Two of our young ladles intend to take rumors of the New York Central Acting a auowshoe tram^to Ladysmith one of {l ljne into Ottawa and coupled with that
“K	« th=	„r ,b.	a*.
think that spring is so near, as the boys ^ ander bills to secure the F earner system will be returning borne. On, my heart ! and Interprovincial bridge with the ob-
Jolly Group. ject of extending the northern roads
through the rich pulp wood regions north of here and tapping the valuable fisheries of Hudson Bay. The first of these ru-has been verified and it will not be
BfwerLci :
IN ONTARIO
Keewstin,
Kemjtv'lir,
Mature.
Ottawa,
8HÀWYILLE BRANCH,
lanark,
Tarry Hound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, Renfrew
It is still early in the winter. Warm, heavy Clothing will he needed for a long time yet.
Alexandria,
Amprtor,
Afonmore,
prarebrldge,
Varie ton
('«Men,
Hawkfhlotry,
Kx'y-Treat.
do
do Bank fit do Rideau Ht, Toronto, do 8<>merect St. Winchester. Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falls.
IN MANITOBA :
Plaça,
SAVINGS BANK.
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie
IN QUEBEC;
, nun,
fihawinigan Fall»
A cents in Canada, New York and Chicago-Bank of Montreal.
Agente in Ht. Paul-Merckanta Nat Bank.
Agents lu Loudon, Bng.-Parr's Bank Ltd.
lara and upwards and Interest allowed.
We are selling* out every thing in the line of
WINTER GOODS
AT AND UNDER COST I
Laehnte
Montreal
10 a.m. to 3 r.nr
Office Hopes
Saturdays .
burp, few Although perish Father
LOCAL NEWS.
h | Canada Atlantic Railway Sold. The Canada Atlantic, or whal is com-
LOCAL NEWS.
A special report of the preliminary Ligation in the case of Jules Henri, al for the murder of young Geucher,
o, is held over next issue.
The Ottawa Citizen says : that Mr. Molyneux, St. Johns, has taken up work of his new office, that of gentlexan usher of the black rod, and is getting out invitations for the opening of parliament next week.
Notice.—All subscription accounts that are over two years in arreaie will be placed in the hands of the Clerk of the Court. The Equity requires all money
invest on tri
atKippewa, some time ag< on account of it* length till
fare
Photos. made by Imison do not fade. He uses the liest material for manipua fcion. Studio, Pontiac House; Branch, CnnpWls Bay.
Webb is an An*
A Large Dredge.—Mr. W. J. Poupore, the well-known contractor from this district, has just signed a contract with the Poison Iron Works, Toronto, of what is claimed to be the largest spoon dredge
sfj-t	si's
It will be used in connection with
the
All Overcoats and P. Jackets must go. All Underwear must go.
All Moccasins must go.
All Lined Gloves and Mitts must go.
All Woollen and Knitted Goods must go. All Ladies’ Coats and Furs must go.
All Blankets and Bugs must go.
SIGHT MADE PERFECT.
»,ti2Lrrfeet
next
the large w< rka which Mr. Poupore is constructing for the Government at Maisonneuve and Sorel.
The Drus Store,
Shawvllle.
will
due, and must have it.
A lineman named Elishu James Osmund was shocked to death on Sparks Street, Ottawa, last Thursday, while engaged making repairs on one of the Ottawa electric wires.
The 8hawville hockey team boas's of adjunct which few kindred organizations can lay claim to, viz ; a real live artist whose graphic pourtraval of some of the chief features of the Ute game at Quyon is worthy of a Bcngough.
Harper, inspector of superior schools for the province, visited the Academy here on Monday and Tuesday. Mr. Gil-
mab wa* alao prient on Tuesday	o.,.„ the Tery heavy snow «torn,,
This section of the county experienced the roads are in a very bad condition, another very heavy snow storm on Sunday	We are very glad to hear that Mrs. Geo.
lastt, followed by terrific gales at night Sommerville, who has been very ill, is re-and on Monday, resulting in the worst covering.
drifts that have occurred for years.	Mies Charlotte McLeary is the guest of
aîsmp*
laOST.— Large sized white hound, with Mr. John McLean* returned home from black and brown head aud ears, two large the shanty Monday last, owing to black spots on back ; scar raised from cut | from vaccination. __ on bom; answers to name* Sport. " Any information of his whereabouts will be thankfully received by D. B. Alexander,
M. D.,Shawvlle.
In consequence of the great storm only two of the Clarendon Councillors turned up on Monday—and no meeting was held.
Dr
GR BBRMOUNT NOTES
t at Ottawa
an
Bargains for Everybody 1.
It will pay you to buy now even if you don’t need the goods till next season. They will keep
and you will save money.
BUY QUICK!
Rev. E. A. Bolger, whose ordination to the priesthood took place at St.Louis a short time ago was presented with an address and a purse at Quyon, he being the first of Qu yon’s sons to enter the priesthood.
The P. P.J.Ry. snow plow while running east on Tuesday morning a few hundred yards west of the station here çff tho track, and thus blocked the
line for the exproe» which wu running behind, for several hollfS>
Frozin to DkAi*.-Jobs Curry, a wire weaver, who ha* made his home at Bristol Cornell for the past two years, and who, we understand, has been tra veiling around a good deal of late, was found in a shed on the farm of Mr. Joe. Amin a sho.t distance from Quyon vil liage a few days ago. The body in supposed to have been there for some days, as it was frozen stiff and partly covered
a Scotchman
and had no reia-far as is known

SHAW.
J
At the regular meeting of the Village Council on Monday night Mr. A R. Smiley was chosen mayor for the current year.
The return hookey Match between 1 Shawville is billed for Thurs-
starkes corners ; notes
Owing to the recent storms the roads haye been rendered impassable.
Mr. and Mrs. James Fulford are visiting friends in Arnprior. Before returning Mrs. Fulford intends visiting her sister, Mrs. J. Sample, of Smiths Falls.
Owing to vaccination Miss Carmichael has been confined to her home for the last week. Miss Bertha Grant fills the position during her absence.
A party of young folk spent a very pleasant evening at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. John Cunningham Thursday last.
Mr. F. Fraser, of Cobden, is visiting friends here.
We regret to chronicle the death of Mr. John J. Dugg w hich took place last Sunday. The funeral was largely attended on Wednesday.
Miss A. Quinn spent a few days with Mrs. John Cunningham last week.
Mr A. D. Grant has the contract of painting Mr. Stewart Starke’s new house. He has recently finished painting Cunningham's new residence.
Miss Annie Murray Is at present visiting friends in Arnprior.
There talk of a social in the near future.
moil
a nutter of any surprise if the rest comes
true.
Quyon a
day evening, the t>th inst., on the Shawville rink. Admission 15 cents and 10 cents.
Il'
Now that Ottawa has direct connection wifrh two great trunk lines, the Canadian Pacific and New York Central, it is likely the Grand Trunk will shortly also have a direct lin j in here. The building of * fine central passenger depot, so long a castle in the air, will be proceeded with and Ottawa will lie a railway center with unrivalled facilities for shipment and all the terminal advantages which the Capital deserves. This latest deal should lie a distinct advantage to the trade of Ottawa and of the Ottawa Valley and will do much to stimulate the establishment of industries and the development ot the manufacturing trade in this vicinity.	______
Disinfectants
The Shaw ville Snow Shoe Club, (re, and letters patent its inauguratory tramp
cently organized applied for) held
Turaday evening last. The route extended over a wide range of the suburban district and was inteeected at one point oy a log fence which presented some difficulties that, however, were happily
The party returned about 10 p.m., somewhat fatigued yet considerably invigorated by the jaunt, which covered about a quarter of a mile.
with auow. Curry abaut fifty y ease of age, lives in this country so
was
on
Dr. Alexander reports that on Friday last he quarantined the house of Mr. John Jones, who lives near the rear of the township. Junes was in the lumber woods where smallpox seems to be almost univers »1, and there contracted the disease which ia cropping out in all quarters despite the precautionary mea Hires that are being ad pled to prevent its spread. It ia evident that the chief danger to this section lies in the fact of men being allowed to leave the shanties without regard to the law requiring 14 days isolation of suspected cases, and proper disinfection of themselves belongings before they leave.
Will Enforce By-Law.—The attention of the citizens of Shawville is directed to the following resolution which passed at the regular meeting of cil, held on Monday evening,
" Moved oy Coun. Hodginn seconded by Conn. Cowan that this Council give the citizens of Shaw vi^lea further notice that all who fail to exhibit satisfactory certificates to Mr. H. Lang, the executive officer of i lie Board of Health, on ot before the 15th inst, of having com piled*# ith compulsory v;v ination by-law be preseuctcd acc ording to law by the mayor In the name of the corporation. This action being funnel necessary in consequence of provincial Board of Health orders and the chances for a further spread of smallpox in thl% village. % - Carried unanimously.
The anniversary services of fit. An drew'» congregation, Fort Cou longe, which were héla cto the 19th an i 80th inst., were more than ordinarly interesting. Rev John Hay, -B.D., of Renfrew, preached two excellent sermons at the Sunday service. The entertaiment on Monday evening waa a grand su oeee The programme waa, indeed, a fil#Was%mj#| and was contribute to by Misa ¦. Tennant and Mr. F H. Pain,story, of Pem
broke Conservatory of Music, and Mihh Jean C. Bryeon, and Annie Findlay of our village. « ev. Mr Whelians, of Bryson, iris,, contributed to	I”"
ranime The pa-tor U**v Mr. Rwlen eeirea b* puhhcly thank 4h<*o,	’
ally from a d *ta u*-	ayis’eavi
programme
/[n ounce of Prevention is worth a pound of Cure.
overcome
Master Herbie Dale informs The Equity that we were in error last week in stating that he had left the lumber camp in which he was engaged without being disinfected, as he says such a thing would have been impossible under the rigid regulations which prevail The camp, ho says, was under quarantine while he was there, and as one was allowed to leave before the expiry of the authorized time of 16 days, and then only when they had been thoroughly disinfected together with their effects. An hospital existed contiguous to the camps, to which all men afflicted were at once removed, and kept in close quarantine until they recovered from the disease. As a fnr ther precaution against the spread of the disease, he says that the camps in whioh the men lived were fumigated every day while the men were at work, and the bedding disinfected with carbolic acid. Regarding himself. Ho says he cannot nay whether or not he had smallpox while there, but at all events ho was only laid up two or three days, from what from ho thought was a bad cold. Furthermore, he says he cannot have been the cause of carrying the disease to the fam ily at home, as some of the members had contracted it before he returned.
The remains of the late Rev. T. J Cole, whose death was briefly mentioned in these columns last week, were conveyed to Vinton by Tuesday night's train where interment took place. The Ottawa
Mr. J
Farm Help Warded.
We have a full stock of Drugs for fumigating and disinfecting
Wanted, for general farm help, and wife without children. Permanent employment to nuit&blo^iii tb's.
Apply to M, C. POSThit,
Rutledge P. 0., Que.
man
Tot.
and
Sublimed Sulphur Copperas,
Carbolic Acid Formalin Corrosive Sublimate
Etc.
All recognized as the best by the different boards of health.
Clarendon Schools
*
Green Lake Cheese Factory Shareholders.
Shawville, 1st Feb., 1902.
Board < f School Conimiswirners of the Municipality of Clarendon met this day.
Members present :	Robert Smart,
chairman ; Commissioners: R. W. Ralph, Jamas Wilson, John Grant,
Thomas.
M nates of last meeting read and confirmed.
Tenders for the building school-house No. 7, opened and examined.
by R W Ralph, sec by John Grant, that the tender of Thomas Prendergast, Esq, to build school-house 7, according to plan or specification for the sum of $575.00 be and is hereby accepted.—Carried.
Moved by John Grant, sec by James Wilson, that the bill of W W Ireland, Eeq, completing deed of sale of site of No 7 school, $2.00; bill of Geo Elliott, repairs on School No 13, # 7.00, be paid. —Carried.
Names of parties who are appointed to firewood at the respective schools
was
coun* the 3rd
A meeting of the share holders of Green Lake Cheese Factory, will be held ill No. 10 School on Saturday Feb. loth, at 4 p. in. AU patrons and shareholders arc
requested to be present.
T. K. Armstrong,
Secy
and F

1
Shaw ville, Feb. 4th
M oved
»
Tenders for Secretary.
No
Sealed Tenders undressed to the under signed will bo received up till Monday the 4th day of March for the office of Secretary-Treasurer of the Municipal Council of the Village of ShawvUl^jg———
Feb. 4, m$ÊÊKKÉHSÊtÊ
Mayor
Tenders for Cedars.
Tenders will be received up till Thursday the !8th lust., fur 300 cedars-Id feet long, 9 inches at top end, straight and sound —to he delivered on the corporation lot of this village, on Pickanock street, on or ibefore the 1st of June, 19U2.
Tenders for kits of 50 or any quantity up to 3UU will he considered and all tenders must be in th* bauds of the under-elgnsd on or before Thursday the ltfth of
February
measure as follows :
No. 1, Mr Humphrey, teacher; No 2. Wm Cotie; No 4, ET Ho gins; No 5, Wilson ; No 7, Silas Arnitrong; No 9, Samuel Hodgi s; No 10, R W Ralph; No 11, Win Horner; No 12, Robt Workman, Jr; No 13, John Grant
oved by James Wilson, sec by h Thomas, that the following bills be paid, iohn < Irani, $1.50 repairs school
The Orug Store,
reference to e had been in
Citiieo made the following the deceased clergyman : Hi ,Hx,r health for over a year but had been seriously ill for only two weeks Monday rning ho was seized with oonvuls ons
mtinued until his death.
James
mo
Que
and the*
Father Cole was born at > in ton, Que., May 20 1856 and was ordained priest by Arch bit op Duhamel, in October 1881 He was pariah priest of Osgood and Ma

5

Cl* K\
to wit

###PAGE###2###
i
GEN SEAL IMIS BOTHA.
GROWTH OF ELECTRICITY,
up, Louie Botha's genius grasped the mighty import of the situation, and he at once realized that tichnlk Burger had blundered was he who reto with such disastrous consequences to our forces. Ills lame spread far and near, and his name became a thing to conjure with manoant-Oeneral of the Boer army. General Joubert, lay dying, he was asked who was the best man to (111 his place. And he, the grey veteran, did not hesitate for a second with his dying breath gasped out the mime of Louis 11<>thâgHgM|pl Government promptly appointed him
seventy in the poke, you know—and ho couldn't find mo there in the big there's three cows—and tho clear in’s city, you know."
free—and Dick—not now—but maybe And the hope faded from Dick's by and by—you'd never stand the	eyes. An hour later she walked with
lonesomcnose—and he d be good to	him down to tho orchard bars. The
you and the young 'uns—and—"	day was almost over, and the last
Hut Molly sealed his lips with her	warm rays of sunshine slanted
Uh, don't I Don't, John!"	through tho apple trees, and kissed
There** nobody in the the pink clover carpet into patch Molly Brant paused for a moment world but you!"	of rosy light. Tho woman’s hair
and guzyd absoluly out of	tho	open	A	happy, boyish	smile	flickered	on	was all	shimmering in	Its glory
window; then she dropped	tho	shirt	tlie	man's face.	From tho	woodland came	a drowsy
that she was ironing and hurried to Tho next time he spoke he was tinkle. A procession of spotted cows tho door. Shielding her	eyes	with	hack again in the	past—back with	lilod slowly into view,	and from
one bare arm, she looked	anxiously	his	bride, in their	first	weeks	of	somewhere	far above them	an oriole
up the trail. Down Horn among the their life together, lie was helping gave his liquid, lonely cry, pines a man was coming, lie moved tp "set" the bread in the new wm#i- “Good-by," ho said, holding out wry slowly.	en mixing bowl; was comforting her his hand, and again, "good-by." But
A worried frown gathered between	when she cried for her life in the	this	time,	unconsciously,	he	looked
the womans eyes as she watched;	town, or was playing on the loved	beyond	her	to	where,	gloaming	white
then drawing her apron over her violin.	against the dark pines, stood the lit-
head she	started	toward	him.	Three days later the minors came	tie headstone, with its one word,
Why.	what	ails	you	John?" she in their beat clothes. One of them	"John." •
asked. What’s happened?’’	read a short service, for the circuit
The man’s face was pinched ami	pastor was at Bed Dog that week,
white with pain, but ht tried to	ami they laid John away at the
Fiiiilc as he said, "Oh, 1 guess it	edge o« the clearing in the shadow of
ain’t nothin’ much, Molly—1 got a	the pines.
knock coinin’ up tho shait to day, Winter came and frosted the nioun-but 1 guess it ain't nothin' much I tains like giant Christmas cakes. The They didn't apeak ugam till they trail to town lay deep beneath the had reached the house.	snow.
Molly gently pushed her husband into the big rocking-chair, knelt down beside it and took one of his big rough hands in both of hers.
"Tell me ail about it, John." sho said. "Mayn't 1 letch tho doctor?"
He raised tho other hand and laid it caressingly on tho light brown head.
As It Was In The Beginning.
terribly, and It ok these positions
INCREASE IN THE NVMFER OF COMPANIES IN lBOl.
THE MAN WHO IS THE BORR
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF.
Interesting Figures Compiled by George Johnson, Dominion .	Statistician.
own she cried
r
He is a Born Leader of Lien and is Greatly Esteemed by His
Enemies.
W hen tho Coin-
Mr. George Johnson, in his annual summary of the use of electricity in but 1'enada, says the nur.„ «/or of coiupan-i°® doing business In electricity in The Hour ^nnoctlon with lighting bus
f4',(1	in	to in
to the position, and from that day 1 *,e# arc lights In use Increased from to this ho, has been the paramount 10,889 to 12,800, and the Incundcs-military power in tho	Doer lines. 1 Ic	cent lamps	from 468.61ft to	81 ft,676.
is not the only one of	his line	fight-	Beckoning	ench arc lamp	equal to
lug under the Transvaal Hag. There lcn incandescents, tho use of electri-havo born four brothers in the field, jjkv as a Dght-givoi has developed As a soldier Louis Botha has proved "'em 5 6 ft. ft Oft in 1808 to 948,656 In himself a foeunui worthy of the ***01. In these years the use of eleo-stcol of any of our	gororals;	as a	Bicity for	lighting purposes has inman his worst enemy	can Fay	noth-	creased by	876,171 lamps,	or over
Ing derogatory concerning him, for in PW cent.	*	^
all his actions lie has borne himself <)f I be total 806 companies, Ontar-likc a gentleman. He is generous ; ,0 has 100, or 64 per cent., Quebec and courteous in the hour of victory, j bas 50, Nova Scotia 21, British Costout-hearted and self-reliant in the lumbla 14, New Brusnwlck 11, Mani-timo of disaster—just tho typo of toba 0. Northwest Territories 6, and soldier that a great nation llko ours Brinco Edward Island 8. knows how to esteem, oven though With respect to ho is an enemy in arms against us. | lumps in use. Ontario has 0,880 are
48 per cent, of tho total for the Dominion.
Louis Botha, who has cut so deep a mark in tho pages of history, is only a young man yet, being about seven und thirty years of ng<
Mr. A. G. Haies. Ho Is u "line figure of a man,” standing in tho neighborhood of six feet in his boots
intellectual
and determined, Ids expression Kindly and compassionate never touches his face but his brown beard is always neatly trimmed, for the young commander-general is par-
HINDU SWORD MARRIAGES. ticular in regard to his personal appearance, in a manly way, though in no respect foppish. Ho Is now and always has boon an excellent athlete, a good rille shot and a first-class
llllllll bur	given
India, among whom oaths taken over I indoor pastimes overmuch, though a sword are binding, while, taken lend of a quiet game of whist otherwise they are not. The idea was born in Natal, of Dutch parents, seems to bo tNit perjury committed and married Miss Emmet, a relative after taking oaths over their weap- of Bobort Emmet, tho Irish revolu-ons recoil, that tlu^y die by tho wvu- tionist. Young Botha was educated pon against which they perjure them- at Grey town, and though a good, selves. In Berar, in India, women sound commercial scholar, he gave no who are about lo lead an Irregular evidence in his schoolboy days of life marry a sword. This marriage what was in him. No one who Knew in name, as an emblem of conjugal bim then would have dreamed that life, serves as a ray of consolation before ho was forty years of age lie to them in tho midst of their evil would be tho foremost soldier of his doings. In certain parts of India, country. Ilis folks wore modern to-when a hindu is about to marry a ly well oil. but the adventurous spir-third wife—which marrying is consid- H of the future general sent him in-crcd an ill omen—ho marries a tree, land from Natal when a large nu Infor obviating the ill omen, before he bar of Free State Natal Boers cn-marrieiua third lady. In Kathiawar listed umi§i the flag of General Lucas there is still the custom for Rajput princes, who are much married, to marry in person the first wife and to mnr*\v other wives by moans of a sword. They send over their sword tho bride’s people; tho bride is
writes
mcrctis-
II Is face is handsome
The razor
i
Some Peculiar Customs of Native
Tribes in India,
There are certain warlike tribes in
lie
i riends gave up urging Molly Brunt to move into civilization. They even gave up wondering at her preference to stay. Tho world ko soon forgets us uiid* our pain!
But there was one who never forgot her—Dick Marsh, who came every Sunday. He brought the papers and the news of town. Ho split the cord wood into stove lengths, end he nailed on all the loose rails a bit, end maybe—maybe, I’ll git to ! short, his keen eye wandered over tho
clearing and his ready hand found plenty to do.
And ko the months passed by, and again the taiuar&c cones wore heavy, and the wild plums and chinquapins He wore ripe.
On Wednesday morning I>ick came. Ho brought candy and a little tin It’s an horso tor tho children
the number of
THE TSAR S OLP NURSE.
Ontario cities, towns and villages have availed themselves of electricity as a light-bearer to n very great A picture of tho way in which ! extent There tiro 78 of them which love levels all earthly distinctions is have either municipal plants or are given in Mr. J nines Creel man's book,, supplied by companies; some of those “On the Great Highway." Mr. towns have Mr. Creel man was fn Russia as a special correspondent at a time when the Tsar, Alexander 111., walked, a
,	, grief-stricken mourner, through the
Meyer, who was bent on making war BlrTe^s Qf xt. Petersburg, behind the on a powerful negro tribe in tho comn of his old Engiish nurse. He neighborhood of V ryhcid. During the lighting young Butlm was his general’s right-hand man, displaying,
Great Grief of Alexander III. at •	Her Death.
Now, don't ye fret, Molly," he It’s all right—I’ll just rest
maid
In
» »
go to sleep 1 Hull an hour later when she peeped into the room the big chair stood empty
little bedroom
the bed, his lace to the wall turned and tried to smile when she entered.
MORE THAN ONE PLANT.
Tho city of Toronto ham 1,450 arc lamps and 80,000 incandescent, equal to a total of 94,500 Incandescents. Ottawa, has 585 arcs and 80,000 incandescents, or a total of 85.850, counting each arc ns equal to ton incandescents. Hamilton has 560 arcs and 21.295 Incandescents, or a total of 20.805. London has .150 arcs and 17,180 Incandescents, or 20,680 of a total. Peterboro has 120 arcs and 7.000 incandescents, or 8,200 total.
Quebec Province ham 4,118 arc lamps and 270,120 Incandescents; or, reduced to the standard of incandescents, a total of 811,800 lamps. Montreal bus of these 2,648 arcs and 1 OS,210 incandescents, or a total equal to 114,690 incandescents.
In nil, 42 cities, towns and villages of Quebec Province have plants for the manufacture of electric light; 22 of them are in the Eastern Townships.
Among these Montreal soars fas above and away, having 2,648 arc! and 108.210 incandescents, or a to* tnl equal to 184.600 of the latter, about 48 per cent, of the Provincial total. To this may be properly added the equipment of the Lachini Rapids Hydraulic Land Co., which il 392 arcs and 61,780 incandescents, or a total of 65,550. Quebec citj has 600 arcs and 43,000 incandescents.
Nova Scotia's total equipment o( 465 arcs and 49,041 incandescents i< distributed among 20 towns, and if furnished by 21 companies.
NEW BRUNSWICK'S
In alarm she ran to the one John was lying on
"Poor girl I" he said awful ways but 1 reckon maybe you’d better go! Willie* 11 stay on the bed by me, and the baby—put tho cradle where 1 can rock it if he cries; and Molly, tell tho doctor it’s pretty bad|"
The short October twilight was fading into night when Molly Brant closed the door of the little home, and drawing her shabby red shawl about her, started down the trail.
"I ll just leave the burs down she said, "so the doctor can come straight through.
It wus a good two miles to town— two miles through tho woods and beside a stream, which crept sluggishly, like a great yellow mail, between its clay banks.
fl i
sn.va :
On that dark, stormy day when ,	English nurse died In the
even at that early age, a cool, level winter Vulace. I was in St Petersburg, and I remember well how the
from the blotched sky, When the Boers were firmly settled *nd the wind whistled up tho frozen upon the land, Vryhotd was declared Neva a republic, and Lin Mcwr was
elected first president. But the now waS always present in my mind the republic lasted only about throe, figure of Alexander 111., as I onco years, and was then, by mutual con- 8,1 w him, riding at the head of his sent, merged into Transvaal terri- cuirassiers, an arrogant giant, on a tory, and both Lucas Meyer and Prt-‘at' l),ack horso, towering above his Louis Botha were elected members ol soldiers, the incarnation of brute
Louis Botha retain- force- Meudid and terrible. But I
was yet to see the human nature (hidden under that glittering %e!mct and breastplate.
The Tsar was with his ministers when a messenger told him that his nurse was dead. Through tho dull, harsh nature of Alexander there ran one stream of tenderness—love for this woman, Kitty, who had mother-him in boyhood. And she was
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	He
freshly shaved u j. and his now store
Ciothos sut awkwardly on him.
Molly was in the tiny kitchen. Her to . .	.	...	.. ..	.	.
arms, bare to the elbow, were deep nmmed tv 11 wl,h "" tho r^uired
Hour, and her whole little p,’mp and sp!rndor’ *ho on|.V dilTer-
encu * being that the prince s sword
becomes a substitute for him—the
bridegroom
marriage to n sword is indisputable
head and
A STOUT HEART
in the
Ira mo swayed as she molded the dough.
Dick sat watching her in silence.
"Say," ho said at lust, a foolish „	, . .	..	.
grin spreading over lus face "you lhp l"'ldo "IB,rlüd lo 11 cnt,ira ,hli don’t need that hull us- much tu 1 ^"ipnt Zenana as n lawfully wedded need you I"	I wife.	*
Wherever I went in Russia there
The legality of this
• i
Then, as the shrewd humor of his joko was unappreciated, he began talking in a thick,
"Look bore, Molly," he said, ain’t no souse in mo and you livin like this!
you were a mite of a girl Williams district. You know l have! Your< checks wore as red as half-ripe chuck-berries then, and John wasn’t never thought of! Then ho came—
and you liked him—and dang it all, 1 was only Dick!"
The man had risen and was standing beside her, his ruddy, sunburned face pale with emotion.
"Molly,
GREAT DISCOVERIES
tho Volksruad
of ««U. a,Knurs “bi^iiTuSs
,ti, 6 *t?St Lontury.	Britain and the Republics, uuder Mr.
Sir William Preoce, ;n a recent ad-	K und Mr steyn.
dress before the Society of Arts, cn- 1)uring lhe many Rt0rmy scenes u me rates the great scientific c is-	w|ljvh preceded tho actual declarn-
covenos of the nineteenth century o	ljon of Wftr Loujs Botha proved that
lm as follows :	he possessed the coolest and most
The principle of evolution.	level head In the Velkeread. He op-	.
Molly	rounded	tho	last	snowy	loaf	wlmt we nmv expect to follow and	mU(h to lose, and little, ind. td to	por	ft	]onff	time	he remained	there
into	tho pan	before	she	spoke.	There	supplement them	{?u,n l,y taking up arms against us,	wjt|1	Bowed	head,	and when	ho	came
whs no anger in tho gray eyes, but In tho course of evolution we may ,ur by .Jf1 ,.nt^sl,y#ll0,hu< out of the hushed chamber there only pity for tho man, and a dumb, oxpect'selective modification to be in- |‘omo a wv,l.1ithy	an,i sU>vk n look on his face no one had
miserable pain "	(luenced by the mainsprings which breoder’ At thB 1,r8t Cttl1 to R,,ns
1 m sorry," she said, oh. I’m are acting most powerfully ; tho sorry, but it’s no use!"	struggle for power, and the race for
Dick did not appear the next Sun- individual wealth, the pursuit of day. Two days later a man with a knowledge, the combat with disease,
* j bucket stopped on his way to ithe advance in comfort of living ; the mine.	and these forces may be expected to
know the nows?" he act in the future as they have In tho
hurried voice.
there
1 loved you ever since
over m
Tho moon had risen long before Molly climbed tho hill, passed the "Mad Mary Claim," and caino in sight of Dr. Foster s house.
The doctor himself answered her He xvas a sufly
knock
old mon, with a heart grown callous to pain of others. Molly noted ex'ery detail of the cheerless little office as she told her story, and wondered how •lie could, when John was ill.
The rows of shabby, musty books; the shelves with theiNmrdens of bottles, large and small; tJife ploma, ail, somehow, pictured themselves upon her memory, never to be erased.
/
0 #
lie went on, "ho don’t need you any more, and I do! He’s left you and the young 'uns—can't 1 have his pluco?"
i
framed di-
wnB
ever
total equipment of 691 arcs, and 18/ 131 incandescents is distributor among 10 towns and cities and fun nished by 11 companies.
Prince Edward Island’s share in tin total of Canada is 8 companies, 92 arcs, and 9,525 incandescents.
Manitoba has 0 towns provided with tho electric lights, and the equipment of tho Province is: Arcs 22, incandescente 19,250.
Tho Northwest Territories possess five equipments, with 31 arcs and 5,875 incandescents, the towns dividing these being Calgary, Lothbrldgo, Edmonton, Prince Albert, and Regina; tho largest equipment being that of Calgary, viz., 25 arcs and 1,700 incandescents.
British Columbia distributes its lighting by electricity among a dozen towns, and has a total of 14 plants, with 043 arcs and 68,703 incandescent lamps, of which Vancouver has 411 arcs and 29,424 incandescents.
Of the total increase of 207,171 in 1901, compared with 1898:
Humph 1" ho said, when she had Then, filling a vial with some dark brown stuff, he added. Give him this, every hour!"
"But you will come?" she cried. "I’ll.be hanged if I do to-night!" he answered.
She found herself out in the air again, filled with a dumb rage toward nil the world, but— John!
Oh, that endless walk back through the pines! detail of her four short years of married life
the little log house in the clearing! John had proudly shown her the house and tho littlo ' Jersey heifer tho orchard which he bad planted, and the honeysuckle that he had carried all the way from lied Dog for
seen there before.
ho threw aside his senatorial duties A whisper went about the city that and took up his rifle, rejoining his |lon0 but himself and his brothers old commando at Vryhuid, as com- should keep watch over Kitty’s mandant under General Lucas Meyer. coffin, Alexander was the second son It is said that at the battle of Dun- %nd while his elder brother, the heir dec General Meyer, feeling convinced to the throne, was alive, tho big, that the god of battles had decided awkward boy was neglected against him and his forces, decided then, however to surrender to the British
finished
i *
tin
Even
he wns tho favorite but child of tho English nurse, and his sullen nature responded to her touch.
There was little known about the life of this humble woman. She was quiet and shy, rarely seen outside the magnificent Winter Palace where she went up very high in tho estimation lived ; a patient, soft-voiced subject of the better class of fighting bur- of Queen Victoria, but she modified ghers. At tho Tugela, before tho and subdued the boy’s hard nature, first big battle took place, General How true was the love of tho Tsar Moyer was taken ill and had to ro- for this friend of his boyhood is tiro to Pretoria, and Louis Botha shown by the humility with which he was then elected assistant-general, followed her to tho grave. No and the planning of tho battle was'mourner rode that day. Through the
snow and tho slush the Tsar and his brothers walked behind tho hearse, shVby side, the Tsar in tho It was a terribly responsible posi- middle. Not a note of pomp vlqlat-tion to place so young u man in, for ed the simple pathos of the scene, he was face to face with the then The autocrat was simply a man Commander-in-Chief of the British	walking humbly and reverently after | Ontario, -lights...
army, Sir Red vers Duller, a general	tho corpse of tho woman who had i Quebec, lights...
of dauntless determination and un- loved him.	Nova Scotia, lights
doubled ability. Experience, men,	It was a long way to the cemetery	Now Brunswick, lights. 7,431
guns, and all the munitions of war	but the Tsar walked tho whole dis-	P. E. L, lights ......... 4,765	1	*
were in favor of the British general,	fence. Ho snt in a pow of the	Manitoba, lights
but the awful nature of the country	church of England for tho first time,	N. VV
was upon tho side of the ncwly-fiodg- watched tho coffin at tho altar D. C., lights ed Boer leader, and he made terrible rails. At the cemetery, when they Tho increase in 1901 over 1900 was uso of it. The day of Colenso. when	lowered the	coffin Into tho frozen	144,556	lamps; of 1900 over 1899,
Sir Red vers Duller received his first	ground, tho	keeper of tho cemetery | 142,858	lamps; and of 1899 over
decisive shock, will not soon be for-	laid & Piece	of carpet at the feet of	1898, 78,757 lamps, counting In each
gotten in the annals of our army. A	bis imperial	lord, and the Tsar sank	case one	arc as equal to 10 incandes-
man of weaker fibre than tho British	on bis knees. Ho knelt, thoro with j cents,
general would have been daunted by	1 bo snow falling on his bare head un-
til© disasters of that day, for there tbe FTave wns filled. Then, os he lost ten guns and a large num- [l0 went away, he turned for n last
her of men. But Duller carried in look nt th° mound where ho had laid Nearly all of the English Pnn-hia blood nil the old grit qf our the woman who had loved tym ever |	cesses Hold This Bank
race, and the heavier the check tho 8inco be was a boy more his soul was set upon ultimate victory. I have been over that battle ground and have looked at the positions taken by Louis Botha They were chosen with consummate skill, born of a thorough knowledge of the nature of the country and inherent generalship.
I have looked at the country Sir Iledvers Duller had to pass through to get at his wise and skillful adversary. Tho man who dared to make the attempt that Duller made must have had nerves of steel and a soul that would not blench if ordered to storm the very gates of Hades. The worst fighting ground that I saw in all the Free State was but a mock-cry of war compared to tho ground around Colenso, and I have seen some terrible places in the Free Slate.. But a man has to sec the ground Duller fought in to realise tho magnitude of tho task he set himself at tho beginning ol tho war.
S'posc you
Hick Marsh’s gone t<> look past.
a job I Cleared out, bag and The study of the atomic const itu-baggage!	tion of matter may lead to the dis-
Tho years came and wont. Five covery of many now elements, or seasons of wood violets had lived possibly to the revelation of the one their short, sweet lives on the little fundamental element, of which all mound at tho edgo of the clearing, others are but varied manifestations. Five times tho robins had gone a- The existence of the other is still
inexplicable in its mechanical struc-
its reality is even
asked
for
Louis Botha fiercely combated his general ’a decision and point blank refused to throw down his arms or counsel his men to do so. What followed all the world knows and Botha
Molly went over every
Tho first homecoming to
courting
Tho boys trudged olT, each morning ture* although now, to the little brown schoolhouse moro ,u,,y accepted than ever nearly a mile away. They wero offers no resist en ro to wave motion sturdy sun-bronzed little chaps, old, and In it energy is not dissipated in spite of their handful of years, for away into heat, as in tho undula-were they not helping to take cqu-o of t*ons end vibrations of matter, mother, tho cows and the orchard Stm no finnl theory of its structure and tho berry patch?	j has been produced, and that problem
And Molly? There was a certain stU1 awaits . Its solution In tho quiet dignity about her, a gentle happiness, which tho mountain pie could not understand, they respected her tho more had never spared herself, done a man's work, and a woman's | too, on the little farm, and it had grown and prospered
It was Sunday—r Juno Sunday, just such an ono os it might have been when God behold tho now-born world and good !
trail felt little of the holy calm. He was a queer mixture, a sturdy mountain product.
Tt
her
"You see, Molly," he said (and ho drew her close as he spoke), "it's all bven awaitin' for you
And she—she had cried because there were but three tiny rooms, and the floors were only of logs! It seemed to lier now that she had cried nearly that whole first year, for she missed the town and the light and the noise. But John never grew Impatient.
' Poor girl!" he'd say, as he clumsily stroked her hair, "I ought not to liev took you away I"
At twilight he would play his violin, and the music helped them both.
At last tho baby came, and the wee, warm hands reached up into her heart and soothed the restlessness.
The little orchard was bearing now and in the tiny barn there were three Jerseys instead of one. John was doing regular work in the mine, and with these last warm summer days another little one had come to catch at the sunbeams.
it was nearly noon the next day when Dr. Foster tied his old gray marc at tho barn. Ho came awkwardly up to the house, stomping the yellow dust from his boots. Willie met him at tho door.
left
• #
ENTIRELY TO I11M
twentieth century.
Electro-magnetic induction Is only beginning to unfold its possibilities. The communication of energy with-
F.C
peo-Perhaps
She had 1 out Ike use of metallic or other material conductors is within sight, and in tho form of snore te'e^rnphy lias been partly realized. Electrical decomposition may be followed by recomposition and tho artificial synthesis of organic enmnovnds become commercially and wholly possible. With all these comes tho principle of the conservation of energy uniting the action of force, motion and mnt-...	. ..	tor in ever changing relations, but
.	witJi a \airushing of always with an unchanging	sum
city ways for tl.o great stamp mill total -Engineering Magazine Hint çruslu-s and grinds us all had
left much quartz around tho gold.
A sharp turn in the trail brought
him upon tho little house and a
group of three. e The boys stared
hard at the stranger, but the woman
sprang up and held out her hands.
lie took thorn both in his own and
there was a great hope iu his eyes.
"Well, Molly," ho said, "I've come
back!"
They talked of everything except
....152,755 40 6 ....154,009 40.9 ... 10,049	2.8
*****
1.9
4,058	.1.0
/., lights......	1,255	0.3
41,757 11.2
******
warm, sweet
*#* *
saw i : was Rut tho man coming up the
* f
+
HONORARY COLONEL
ALBERTA’S HIGH PEAKS
Nearly nil the princesses of the reigning house ol England are hon-p colonels of regiments. Som# of them are very proud of their mill On tlio occasion of a garden party i tai*y titles and take pleasure in ap-at Benares, given by tho Viceroy, a | pea ring in the uniform of their par-
dress was
Countess Pulovolovctsch, which ex-much
near at hand tho gown seemed to bc| Princess Victoria of Edinburgh, who made up tongues of	ma
with occasional
light flashing across, and all resting |0f tho Grand Duke of Hesse, is colon a bed of liquid Arc. Then tho op- Gnel of tho third Hessian Infantry, pearnneu would change, and its Sbb is a charming and popular worn carer seemed to ho wrapped in nlan takes great interest in tho multi-colored flame. It was noticed Third Infantry, lier grandmother, that tho Countess never sat	down,	tbo lato Queen	Victoria,	was colonel
but was constantly on tho	move.	0f tbo First	Regiment	of Prussian
During her peregrinations a	friend	Dragoons and	her eldest	daughter is
asked her about hor marvellous cos*	colonel of two	regiments.	The Duch-
tumc, and discovered that it was a csa 0j Çonnaught is iu nominal com-simplQ gowfi of rich brocade orna mand of nun ted with fire-flies. There wore lnfantryHHHH 535 of those little creatures, each ih i sister of tho German Emperor, has m tiny net, fastened to the dress. L titie 0f colonel in the Queen Eliza-
Some of the T^ll Spots Within
Her Borders.
ornry
FIRE-FLY DRESS
Alberta, N.W.T., has tho Porcupine Hill with 5,000 feet of an elevation, tho Coxcomb Hill with its 7,169 feet, Moose Mountain with 7,970 feet and ..	J-	Mil	South Twin Peak, with 8,444 foot.
John Brant lay in the little bed- the one subject they were both think- Thence, if in pursuit of higher nlti-¦¦hls eyes bright with fever. |log about, but it was not until the
early Sunday meal had been cleared
"Daddy singed nil night," lie said "and me and moinmie cried!"
worn by the ; llcul{1l. regiment—adapted, of course. •
feminine requirements. Ono " ‘of 0 Edward’s nieces, who was
to
King
tudes, one can study Gould’s Dome and its 10,125 feet of elevation, and Mount Aylmer with its rise in the world of 10,365 feet. We are in a territory which has big mountains to show off, if it is so disposed. It can reveal such peaks ns Mount Hector, 11,285 feet ; Mount Victoria 11,150 feet ; Mount Hungnbee, 11,205 feet ; Mount Lefroy, 11,290
_____________________________feet ; Mount Temple, 11,627 feet. It
"Sometimes, Dick," she said at can draw tho curtain and display People were kind during the long	I last, "I have thought of going away	Mount Freshficld 12,000 feet,	and
dpvs that followed. Tho men and	too, but	it's no use! I can't leave	Mount Forbes 13,000 feet, and	if
women of the mountains know a him. It's our home yet, and when one still cries for more, it can offer sympathy, not couched in pretty	the boys	are asleep, and tho work's	for inspection Mount Murchison	and
phrases, but full of loyal, loving	all done,	why—it's most like it used	Mount Alberta, each 13,500	feet
deeds. They give of thefr hearts,	to be!	He comes—he does come,	high, and Mount Columbia, with	its
not of their intellectsI Dick! I can’t sec him, but I know 1 snow-white head, said to l>c about
And John? Only once was the cur-I he's there, and ho puts his arms J 14,000 feet up in the cold elr._
tain of mist lifted from the tired around me, close, and smooths brain.	Molly and the babies were hair; and sometimes, when I'm tired
close beside him. He smiled, and 1 I hear the music again!
room
Molly was kneeling beside him
Something had snapped somewhere, lawny, nnd the dishes stood in shin-Some of the bolts that hold the soul ! ing white rows upon the shelves— a prisoner in these frail bodies of | not until it was nearly time to go ours had given way, and the "dark- (for he was to take the evening robed angel" was looking for the stage), that they spoke of John.
Dr. Foster The outline of the little mound was knew too. I just visible at tho edge of the clcar-
Molly sat looking at it for a
tes of blue flame I Was a daughter of the late Duke of fttreaks of bright Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, and is tho wife
home among the pines knew that signal well; that all the wisdom of the musty I lag books upon his shelves would be of | long time mo avail
« regiment of Brandenburg The Duchess of Sparta, the
a title of colonel in the Queen Elizabeth Grenadiers of the English array. This title 1b entirely honorary.
o
THE BATTLE OF COLENSO
made young Louis Botha famous, " KNOWN BY ITER HAIR.
------+-------- 1 from that hour thA eyes of tl* Tbe dressing of the hair is the most I Mrs. Passay-'Everybody says ray
¦ Mrs Brooke-T never have any burghers were turned toward him os ! important part of a Chinese woman'» ! daughter got her beauty horn me.
I	I II ¦ ¦¦_________________I	'Don’t the 1 trouble with baby. I've only to the one man fit to lead them At; toilet. The district she come» from What do you say to that 7 xr.
tried to hold out his arms to them, wind sound pretty mother?’ Willie'll sing to him and he goes right oiT to Spion Hop. when the Boer leader. |toay always be known from the man- ! Witt,»—"Well, I think it ww "There’ll be forty dollars from the sav. but I know it's the violin! No, ! sleep " Mrs. Cooke—"What € know- Schnlk Burger, vacated the splendid ; ne, in which she does her hair. It unkind of her to taka re n >iu raiaV’ be said at last, "and there's | I'd be loncsomer away, and perhaps» ing child I”	position he had been ordered to take ai*0 indicates her station In life.	1 you.”
my
/

###PAGE###3###

V





i

»

v
#
1
A WRONG DIAGNOSIS.
A song with the title "Thwi'e a Sigh in the Heart** was sent by a young man to a young lady; but somehow or other the paper happened to fall Into the hands of the girl's father, a very unsentimental physician, who exclaimed, somewhat crossly;—
What unscientific rubbish is this? Who ever heard of such a cane? The man who wrote it must be insane."
He wrote on the outside: "Mistaken diagnosis; no sigh in the heart possible. Sighs relate almost entirely to the lungs and diaphragm
L1M TROUBLES.
f-uAr W&a,
Sunlight So®p
/wrtv irtiAL
StAi&nvc/ea/ si/Jnc
I
life full of misery to SUFFERERS FROM THIS TROUBLE.
/
REDUCES
EXPENSE
One ounce ofSunlight Soap is worth morethan Two ounces of impure soap.
Ask for the Octagon Bar. If your grocer cannot supply, write to LEVER BROTHERS, LIMITED, Toronto, sending his,name and address, V and a trial sample of Sunlight Soap will bo sent you free of c<> L
lfb>
r
Its Symptom# made manifest by a ' Coated Tongue, Bad Breath, Bad Taste in the Mouth and Peins Extending to the Should-

A
r
« «
C&4\S	thl?'
7
t
(irom the Broekvllle Recorder).
Suuoiers from liver troubles luid itlu one of almost cone Vaut misery, growing worse and woiee unless 1 ,010,-1 HiepH and the proper remedy be taken to restore the organ to its natuial condition. Mrs. Joseph Le-claire, of Broekvllle, was, such a HUlïorur, but lias been, hu, pily, re* leased from the trouble by the only BivUidinc known to thoruuglily restore tliis important organ to Us normal condition, cure disease has (•'.stoned upon it. To » reporter, Aire. Louairo willingly gave her * story for publication She said; —"bur a long time 1 suffered severely frStn complications oi the liver mid dyspepsia. 1 would awake in the morning with pains under my shoulders and in my stomach. My longue was heavily coaled, and 1 hud a horn hi»* taste in my mouth, 1 was r Misti pat mi, and at times my bead would who so badly that 1 could scarcely let it rest on the pil-Ivv.. i here was such a burning sensation in my stomach at times that it felt as though there was a coul of tiro in it. rl he pain was especially severe alter eating, and lor months toy lue was one «*• misery. A friend advised mo to take I*. Williams' Pills, and 1 did so. After
I
i
A CURIOUS BEQUEST.
t #
world yearly. This was a marvellous record, and was un advajitugo q'he will of Dr. Von Jirusvh, n proto the whole city, for In many fuses feasor of pharmacology at Prague the canaries pajd the rent, and many University, has just been opened He a Norwich house was relieved in has bequeathed nearly $16,000 to hard times by the little songsters._______	^	'	'
The lute Mr. W. It. Sutton, the condition that all his belonging London carrier, left more than £2,- furniture, clothes, plate, linen, lib-OftO.OOO to provide model dwellings rary manuscripts, and letters—shall for the poor, The will vul dispuV- pncked into air-tight cases and ed, but its validity has now been k(,y)t for 200 years. Ills object Is to declared In the courts. The bequest enlighten the people of the twenty- Ceylon Tea Is th© finest yields about £80,0V0 a year, of BeC(>nd century as to the manners ,	,
which £18,000 Is annuities,	but the	and iltluits of those of tho twentieth.	163	tl16 WOPld	prOUUCCSt
Is to he perpetually devoted	to the	,.So (!|d	not m„rry Miss Mo-	° S01U	Cn,V	,n	lead
erection and maintenance	of dwel-	ncvbnga ttft«r	all?” No her family	packets.
ling* for the poor, and the	trustées	,j objected.”	"Dut If the girl her-
arc now looking for suitable sites.	mè
The new organ, presented by Mr.
Henry Gladstone of Ha warden church and three memorials have been dedicated. One of the memorials is in honor of six Hawarden men who died in South Africa, the second is to the memory of Mr.
Charles Toller, of the Imperil Yeomanry, who died at Heilbron, and the third is to the memory of Misses Rigby, two well-known Hawarden ladies. Recumbent figures of Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone will be placed in the chamber occupied by the for-
dranges, Lemons, Fresh Rah of A!J Kinds
i
Ijitht a lor ÏÏO*-»-'**.&
«91».
I
I’HE imiNuX COU fli>SI0.N CO.. I.imltrd, TUItOXTO.
the National Museum of the city, on L
Sh.pmcnt# uf Sutter, S4CS, Poultry, H;/ie/, Ce4,1e, App ex Pot to#;, bo «oiled.
FREE







(V

V

•4
li I tl.S fc.icga.il ^poOll
jr


1
Worth Asking For ?
i'l ie*rv «•>
H'ml ui tine n\e 10 help pay poi* »gt end pa-fcnf, and this » legant *po.>o can be had free by send ng year
enif en«l ad. I re ».	.	, — L
V/c- ad pi tolMi»y tolnfroditce ourR Irerware. m imfsctured fr m i new and nre? o 1» nje’al-Ynlom Silver. It I» *nh r or I eteryrepr t to » y mh<*r iwtni li own • ,"i Z1 b xry \Vr*m t y «I • • t pit it «1* ; re, neiii'.^r procréa * U u * be rhf 11 li i«e, end onr lltie e ty % %i *n*. (iw • * J?	tnie rbah|fc
B»r !«• togfs am 1 e of Ynkoo il erw«rw turn every bkho i 11 e lend. Yl N sILV.. . <:	.'.4 Kiog nt.,
a t T • n
* •
Clack, Mixed and Green.
Do not nilH-shc was as much
9 9
» •
solf liked you— understand mo ; opposed to it us any of thum."
loan tea drinkm try ,#SihdaM Green t«s.
r ft

<1 î-i
» 1
WOMEN DOCTORS IN PARIS . f
TELEGRAPH
TELEPHONE
PaRLOfi
YS
HAD LAME BACK
FOR E BBT TEARS.
30
« #
t
% USE
Great Majority Appear to be Russian Jewesses.
---	The majority of lady doctors prao- 2
THE TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE Using in Paris are Russian Jewesses, 3,
OF A NOVA SCOTIA GEN-	as are the greater number 01 the 4» m	.
TLEMAN, AND HOW HE women meuitai students. '1hcio are j p EV6fy StlGiC WAS CURED.	perhaps JUÜ ladies puisuing medical
ATCHES
l*ink
using the first box there was a .material improvement, and in the course ot it few weeks longer 1 felt that 1 was completely cured. My tongue was cleared, the had taste left my mouth, the pains disappeared, and I am as well us ever 1 was. Before taking the pills I muttered from bronchitis at times, but it has never situe troubled me. I can recommend Dr. Williams' Pink Pills to anyone who sulTvrs ns 1 did Ur. Williams’ Pink Pills restore health nnd strength by making new. rich, red blood, thus strengthening every organ in the body. They do not act merely upon the symptoms, as ordinary medicines do. but go direct ly to the root of the trouble. In this way they cure such diseases am liver and kidney troubles, rheuma-pa’alysis, Ht. Vitus’ dance, troubles, sick headaches, anaemia. and the Irregularities that make the lives of so many women one of constant misery. Bo not bo persuaded to take any substitute; see that the full name "Ur. Williams’ Pills for Pale People" is on
If in
A Match k
ï
—	studies at the various schools, work- 7
a-	=5 =£*£— !	:
Pills—He is Very Grateful, exist in Russia for those of the faith , y
of Israel—disabilities that are hartl-
mer organ.
A coroner’s Kent, has
death from natural causes In case of Mr. Andrew King, a Well-1 known local jeweller. He was spin- Bridgewater, N. S., Jan. 27 (Opening for pike in the Medway, and on ciaj)—Mr. John S. Morgan, a promeeting a friend stopped to relate an	man of this place, has bad a
amusing experience he had had with t^rriblo time with his back for eight live bait. lie laughed heartily, and yevrB but now he is receiving the suddenly fell dead. A post-mortem congratulations of his friends on his showed that Mr. King’s heart was complete and satisfactory recovery, five times the normal size, and lnrg- To look ttl Mr. Morgan to-day one or than that of a bullock. Death, it wou]d never suspect that he had was stated, resulted from heart ^een the victim of so much torture, disease.	and for such a long time, and yet
now from his own statement the pain he
have been somo-
i
the
u
• •
ney
rH4,l*H,,H44Hr*W4 hH4!4 4L M * 1 % M 4 4 H I I-# Ï**W-Î4+
ly lessened in Germany. Moreover, there exists only one univeisity lor women in Russia, and that is in St.
Petersburg. Some of the women who graduate in medicine do extremely
well afterward, in practice. One,	,	,	, r PL it
Jewets whn is greatly In vogue in	^ l|fl!U|f|)t iBf l.hîlllîlîtiSül
the highest society in Paris, is re f puled to make 00,000 francs a year.
The lady doctor, who is nlso a Russian subject, has likewise found a field for her energies in China, where Russian influence is so dominant at the present moment. It may be | worth noting that the other Indy barrister other thon Mlle. Cbovin—
Mme. Petit—is also Russian. bhe has married a Frenchman.
A new potato contains %0 per sent of water.
PURNSAIND E»pUI?E8
Saionass ramovert at onoe. Ne tour left If GlUADiNE la promptly cppllod. Don't forget the name "Ci eadlne," l.o. Balm of Gl:ead. larpo foxes ?5r, frusjlnte, or C /eadlne Co., Tofonto.
I »
1,000 acres of forest supply fuel for Palis for bare*
** net
The venerable Lord Gwydyr, in his ninety-second year, has seen ims endured must three coiunutions. and hopes to wit- thing awful. lie says : ness a fourth next June. I lis presence nt the ceremony will form a the most severe pain in my back, link with the past not less interest- hud gradually grown worse till at ing than the personalty of the into last 1 was completely crippled up.
Lady Caiew, who died a few days "I heard of Dodd's Kidney Bills as
ago In her one hundred and fourth a remedy for Lame Duck, but as I ()nly fin,331 of the 700.000 British year. One of the most interesting had tried ho many things without	who di<*d last year had uny-
iink* with the past was severed any benefit I was beginning to lose thing to leaVe by will, when the late Karl of Lxvelucc, the all faith in anything. However, I|
father of the present Enrl, died in decided to try them, and I con truth-	v
1803. at the age of SB. The Into fully say 1 am heartily glmî I did so, ^ WrN„„w#%™0 hu ».e,i b, Lord I.ovelnce could remember as a for t hex cured me.	miiiim;eof m..thfn for the r nhUdrtn «hue i*e h.n<
hoy talking to a ma* who in hi*	had run down In weight to	ïï£
vouth had talked to another man about 140 pounds, but during the i ,e„ eii, for m.nht®» T-ettr-s»* »«!¦ e Seal who had actually witnessed the exo- time Ï was usn g the Pills (I used in	^
ontion of King Charles !.. in Whlv all about twenty boxes) I regained	low.m*n,.
•:SSsS:i slrâSF s
ing till I was perfectly well again.”
Kvervone who knows Mr. Morgan
|gys52£K
Dodd’s Kidney Pills are well known to be a sure* cure for all cases of Lame Back and Kidney Trouble.
ïïpc ma
A
CARPET DY-INQ ‘
»nd t: eamug. This i* ft *p^ci»ity «i:b tne	.
BRITISH AMERICAN DVEI iO CO.
Heud ^rvculers by pn i *11 wv «r- anr« oft.ilsfy Address Bo* lM, Monirual.
eight years 1 have suffered
i- or
tism.
heart
*

Mm
Beardless Barley
If p odlgâàiy yrehfcd, /uld* I mg lu IWI Ier X r. Well#, Orleans Cm , New Yerlr, MV
busks.• per men* P*es well mytr> where Thai yejs.
20th Century Oats.
Tim uât mertel, peodmclm^
1
#2
Bra$$ Bîsm i

Pink
the wrapper around every box. doubt, the pills will be Rent postpaid at 50 cents » box or six boxes $2.50, by addressing the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Urockville, Ont.

Relrr U«u a a warrant* J t«
yields. Tbe U. H. # I»ept. calls th in ti.« e«ry S#aU
Thrt hj«.
Tiiree Eared Corn.
10a ||S60 wa. par a *. ta etime ly profltauia at » as eet rri• eeorcuin Salxwr*# eea-ta predaca a aery where.
ns rumvnts, Drums, Uniforms Etc
rsdnea fraat
u

EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
for
Fi e -îaul Nd
Î1 ots 1
fr-e. Wrt* et fsrsef
l/owoit pries# erer ni .'eotllu-etr» I nn. *n ill d
Ivng in Untie IT Wmlral iu»irnm*nt.
WHfLEY RlYCE t CO., Limits
hall.

IS MERRY 01,D EN8LAND
• .1 *
Marvel Wheat
yietor (le 3JStatesUityeer •rertO bee jwr a«r«i. H'eabe have « be «Klein aux* l!ae< ram Wheat, whkh j teMee on eur larme « bee. per awe.
That pay».
Toronto, Out., and Win# peg. Man
1
PEEVISH CHILDREN.
NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOHN BULL AND HIS PEOPLE.
THE IW-ST POPULAR DSMTlFRIOe.
Make the Mother’s Life One Care and Worry—How to Keep Baby Healthy and Happy.

Cpeitt.
Greateei cereal food oe eartb—St) Lo«. grain u44
lues
atop* ilia C*agh and wnrU* off I’m < id.
h'^To't^o iij. ep,ra«H
* •
There arc 11 packs of stoghourds in England, containing 422 couples of hounds.

i


That
Occurrences in the Land
Reigns Supreme in the Commercial World.
inazulllteus km/ p*t
That r*T«-

sere

Victoria Rape
¦iku It IKrt-lble II rw tut elite p a id call le ¦* a east ef b it lea lb. Mait<l

ft
is tuso one unless it is controlled, the constitu-will be weakened, other

Sweetens «ho breath.
A precedent has been created by the appointment of the Rev. R. . Alien, acting W us Icy an chaplain to the troops of his denomination in London, to tho honorary rank of first-class army chaplain, carrying with it tho rank of colonel.
Tho foundation stone of Liverpool Cathedral will i>c laid by either the King or the Prince of Wales, and the royal visitor to Lancashire is to be tiie guest of Lord and Lady Derby at Knowsley Park during his stay in the county.
Old Portsmouth is now well label-The historical tablets committee can point to their handiwork at tho Landpurt, the Sally-port, the "Old George,” where Nelson slept his last hours in England, Lord Howe’s house, and the house where Buckingham was got rid of by Felton.
Homes for 92,000 persons in London, the total cost of which will amount to something like £4,000.000 arc in process of erection by London County Council. It is stated that in a very short time Council will possess 260 blocks of workmen's dwellings, yielding a yearly rental of £161,000.
At least £ 3 9,000,000 a year ip
In religious This from
a-+
euilj Mollûe, dees wefl everywhere. 'I hat pa*a.
• .tengthwie iha guma
dis-
tion
cases will find easy lodgment, and the child’s whole future will be im-
the first Mgii of intii-

B remua Inermie.
Me«t w»ad«rf .1 erase of •-be *» uiary. Piodu. e« fl ieee ct bay ami leva eoU let« uf pa'tirage b«i,nlee Orewe wherever r -uud
a an a a tad. I hat paye.
•10.C0 for 1 ic.
We wi»h yea to u/ war greet I are e-ede, hr nee offer to send 10 farm a red pies, containing Thveeaad W Weeded Kale. Teetlnie. Kape, F Alfalfa ffpelii. «rte. (felly *«'*»b llMd 11 get aetar ) toaeiber with ear gréai eeuit eg, far He pee tag*
Jüi.'îiiltxm und St6flL?üSf8«pS
Monueal U) Liverpool IVwten vo U*ar-po.il. PorVaod w Liverpool Vis <tuv.u»-
Lar*# Boi Fa-'t fiteaiaehi|e. fiuperler b<xo*i nelii,.
1 ir ail cUw-e »i ]>» -ergara I. lusse and «latar^ot .r* Bmidehipa	at.e«U*a àaa fca.o fir«n U k»
Wmd Saiaoa aaa Tlwd VU* a*o**»«iauea > atesof m-e<e a.-d all pan .eu.an. apply ta any a* ¦«ripaai.e» âiatarde, SI ilia à Oo.
m
aid's li Mil ne t si Eoli Fts:orer
perilled. At
gestion, or any trouble of the atom- |	«
itch or bowels. Baby's Own Tablets think ?”
should be administered. They act arc love marriages.” "Isn’t with promptness and perfect salety rather a sweeping statement ? in strengthening the stomach and re- "Not at all. There is love of ad-moving	the ohending material. Mrs.	venture, you know, love of luxury,
W. 0. Tent. Markham, sajs —•'Up love of advertising, and irions,	,,rwio„. „ they «mart reach th,
to the time my baby wajKa month	other kinds of love. There is no | d|ee*M.(t p.,nion of the e*r. Thrreieusly one
old, ho was	ft	perfectly healthy	need of going into details when one	wny t enm d^fne-s. a nd t ha 1t* by con* 11 nr
child.	Then	his	stomach began to	gpcaks of a love marriage.”	|XmJd wdVinn of he mneon* lining eAhe
trouble	him.	He	looked pinched and	..	i——....... —>— ¦ m"*' n--*	Kueuwhisn Tu e. When hi* tube is in-
starved; h.s tongue was^atedjind
curdled milk, and was also const!•	n.aiion can be t* vn at and this. ube re«t« red
After taking h.s food ho
Ulia ai-	ifr8srH 0i c. nichards A Oe.	c u-tdb, e mrrh which „ nom ng b.it »n
T,ontIcmcn,-Last winter I received	fll\v^dw~5gi't,i°ono‘ill* n.“ed Dollar-. for »nr
great \ benefit from the use of MIN-	CMc0t henfntw* (caused hy cat rrh) that cun
AllD'S LINIMENT in a severe atr	n t be eu red by Hall* Catarrh Cure, tout
tack of LaGrippc, and I have fre-	lor circu‘urd'/r je CHFNEY & CO.. Teiedo, O.
quently proved it to be very effective in cases of Inflammation.
Yours,
W. A HUTCHINSON.
<ii'


'Was it a love marriage, do you
' "Certainly. All marriages Norwegians eat more potatoes than
that ]rish people, the average being 5t)0
pounds each year.
Ml Is frnlzer’e sesd Is



9 9
/
•5V
Deafness Cannot oe Cured
D- Torr*e#r l Ç».
HvniiiB 1*4
a
v
55

y
«
led.
1
breath offensive.
his
HERE IS STRENGTH
paled.
would scream with pain though he seemed always hungry, his food did him no good. He was so restless and sleepless that I almost worn out. to do him him Baby's
him the Tablets and they helped him almost immediately, but in a very short time ho began to gain in weight, and is now rosy and healthy. Baby’s Own Tablets cured my baby when nothing else helped him, and I would not bo without them in the house."
This is the only medicine or little ones that gives an absolute guar- | people, antco of purity. Milton L. Jersey,
known analysts iJ America, says MidSfO’S UdifllEIll IS Ill6 fl?$t
f :
#
Are you suffering from Nerve us J Weakness, Kidney, Liver or 8v,	#
mech Complaints, Rheumatism • Pains or Aches In any part # your body 7 Do you foci yoursr # growing old too soon 7 If you f re J a man with the weakness fhu e results from youthful folly or e abusing the laws of Nature, I can • cure you If you will use my	#
was
Aledicine seemed no good until we gave Own Tablets. 1 gave
the
Sold by DraggkU, 75c.
Hall'* Kami y Filin are the be*L
Buda Foeth has the largest Jewish population, proportionate to its size of any city in the world. 2Î56 per 1,-00U of her people are Hebrews.
tho
X
*2*
raised for and spent work in England and Wales.
about 12 shillings

tad's llnlrnt Cures LaGrlppe	:
Tho largest enclosure for deer in # the Royal park at Copenhagen, 4,-	•
200 acres.	•
,Ten English houses hold, on average, 64 people ; 10 German, 80
m
an
dr. McLaughlin’s
ELECTRIC BELT.
averages
each person in the country. In Scotland and Ireland another £6,000,000 is raised, making tho total religious revenue of the United Kingdom £25,000,000 sterling per annum. Thjs is equal to nearly one-fifth of the total revenue raised by taxation.
Lord Rosebery has a tender side At*Fpsom the other night

% à
f
)
#
Tho product of years of study, the realization of the fendent dreams of the weak and worn invalid. It is not a toy belt, but a powerful, life-giving El metric appliance, which is now recognized by the highest and best in the modicd profession as the only certain means of restoring power to weak and vital oi gans. The strength is quickly restored and losses corrected. Rheumatic pains are quickly dispelled and all functions of the in:. It sends the blood with a gladsome
ly and happiness to
careful chemical
“I have made a
analysis of Baby's Own Tablets. My analysis has proved that the Tablets contain absolutely no opiate or i For education $785,699 is asked, narcotic; that they can be given û8 against $778,922 last vpar. There with perfect safety to the youngest is an increase of $3,000 for High infant, and that they are a safe and Schools and Collcgiatos. High effective medicine for the troubles Schools and Collegiales will cost they are indicated to relievo and $i 19,175, compared with $116,075
cure.”	in 1901. There is a part of an cx-
Such an endorsement, from so tra $1,000 to the Normal College.
authority, stamps Baby’s The appropriations to public libraries and art schools is $60,900, or $2,900 more than a year ago. Two grants are cut off under the head of miscellaneous—$800, formerly granted to the Dpminion Education, and $150 for consolidating tho school law and regulations.
-KEfiSHfiisN? I
sign tiare le on êêtb bel. 4jo e
There arc 23,000 largo houses ifl J Britain and the furniture of these is # valued at $29,500 for each house. •
FOR EDUCATION.
dra
E. To
to him.
ho took a walk round. He was moved to buy the whol^ contents of a crockery dealer's stall, which he happened to stumble upon, and he distributed the goods among crowd, the poo rest-looking folk get-r tinjt the best of the collection.
$	Mr. Herbert Strutt has announced
his intention to make another valuable gift to his native town of Bcl-Derbyshirc. The scheme includes -x drill hall and armoury for
the volunteers and new schools for children of ell agesgJH Christ church. During the last ten fcver# cure colic, prevent and years Mr. Strutt has given over ^digestion and constipation, check £50,000 to the inhabitants, him mun- diarrhoea, sweeten the stomach, al-
mamma
street by men who were carrying out	on y#etipt of price, by address- W*.
structural alterations. The original Ithe pr Williams* Medicine Co., coins will be handed to the finders to Prockvi||c Ont.
dispose of as they like As they u	] ¦ B Hi HB B
old, they are worth more than their i	oak	heaviest of,British
face value.	timbers. Next comes beech, then
In opening an nll-Eng’il8h	~ aflh. apple, maple, cherry, walnut
show 1st Norwich. Sir S. lloere,	r Poplar is lightest of all.
were sent away to all part» of	- —-------
roves
7.
the
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
J !>ody developed and made strong m m I ¦
•	bound through the veins, carrying health to the t
•	the heart ofithc despondent 6 ifferer.

EPPS’S
GRATEFUL COMFORTING.
COCOA
high an
Own Tablets as tho safest, the fcur-
most reliable medicine
Pay When Cured.
I know there m no better way to prove my confidence in the wonderful curative power of my Belt than to cure you before l ask you to n.iv for it, and uf I DO KNOW that it will restore strength in every instance I am willing to cure first and mV my pay afterward. Ho if you are weak, breaking dawn, er sk>k tn any manner come to me, tell roe your trouble, and 1st me care you. When you are cured you can pay me This offer b open fee way man who will secure me. All I tude that the man asking me to take his case under these terms gives tov evideaee his honesty and good faith.
CAUTION.
aeyoneim ring so# of these old os oh Onmoto.
Mr New IButWotsd Book toUa about my Bek aad COCK I how it onresIBs wosksoosof men and wdows. It 1*
FREE	JpA" SrKgtia
BOOK	wLîWBÆ ,
v Call or write today.	J
DR. M D, McLAUCHLIM, 130 Yonge Street, Toronto, Ont
OFFICE HOM48-9 a m. to 1.30 p m.
est and the for the ills of children.
Baby’s Own Tablets arc good for
They reduce
#
per,
cure
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
Amiable Mother—"Here, Pommy, is some nice castor-oil with orange in It.” Doctor (playfully)—“Now, remember, don't give it all to Pom-
Tommy
e #
for me.
my ; leave some (who has had some before)— Doctor's a nice man, ma ; give t «11 t©
the doctor.’*
#
FREE : TEST 2
Page Acmu Poultry Nettini
nw‘ 'ESaëiS Khz

NOTE
\
CLOSE
MESH
make : ¦tapies.
AT
BOTTOM
The Pt|t Wire Femes Oe., Unites, WslfcenMc, Os I,
#


###PAGE###4###
)




THE EQUITY, qttawa, northern & western
-----	----- ¦ r	A N D-
SHAWVILLE, FEB. 6, 1902. PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION l(YS.
Busy Stock-Taking
MASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE
But not too busy To Sell Goods!
(y‘/fvS>

Winter Time Card.
W
Hon. David Mills will leave the cabinet and take Justice Gwynne's seat in the Supreme Court. Hon. C. Fitzpatrick, solicitor general, will succeed as Minister of J ustice.
O. N. & W. RAILWAY
We are still in It, and prepared to supply the Best Line of Farm Implements in the Market.
Train No. 1 leaves Ottawa, Ont., 4.45, P.M.
“	“ arrivesGraceflcld, Q. P.M.
Train No. 2 leavesGraoefield, Q,, 6.20, A.M
arrives Ottawa, Ont., W.45, A.M
Do you want any of these ?
CHOICE GROCERIES, of all kinds, CANNED GOODS,
DRIED FRUITS MEATS, LARD, &c.,
SALT AND FRESH HERRINGS, RED HBSRINGS,
FINNAN BADDIES,
FSESH HADDOCK, PIKE, Ac.
At the meeting of Synod last week | Archbishop Bond made the request for the appointment of a coadiuator bishop to assist him in the work of the diocese, owing to his advanced years.
P. P. J. RAILWAY
Train No. 1 leaves Ottawa “ arrives Waltham,
Train No. 8 leaves Waltham " arrives Ottawa,
P. W. RESSEMAN,
Cen. Pass- Agent

Z
MASSEY-
5.15, P. M 8.35, P.M 7.00 A.M 10.15 A.M,
II
HARRIS
>
acmAt
The C. P. Railway have made applies- «« tion to the Governor General in Council I to increase their etock by $20,000,000, the new issue to be for the betterment of the road.
SHDBv

WLJt
t
¦

UUIU ATLANTIC
The Liberals in Liegar have nominated Duncan A. Stewart, farmer, of Pilot Mould, to contest the riding. Mr. J. M Toombe, of Carmen, is the Conaervative candidate. R L. Richardson, ex M. P , will run as an Independent. The election is on the 18th init.
M
Broad cast Seeders, Hoe Drills, Shoe Drills, Steel Land Rollers of the latest and most
improved makes.
Samples on bond for inspection. See them before buying.
RAILWAY


1
Spring Goods to arrive immediately after Stoc^-Taking.
NEW SERVICE
MODERN EQUIPMENT
0
Having reference to certain petitions
that are in circulation in the upper end of | OTTAWA & MONTREAL# the county, the object of which is to secure the extension of the P. P. J. Ry. further west through the county, the Ottawa Valley Advocate reports that at
Chapeau after Maas on a certain occasion, i	EASTERN DIVISION.
" M,r- Ringroie of the Adroost» iddreu- Traln, lelve OTTAWA. Central Depot, ed the congregation form the steps of the I 8. 80 A.M. Dally, for Rockland, Hawks-church in • brilliant end instruct,re	b-ry
manner, setting forth what should be	Arrives Montreal n. 45 a. ra., stops et all
done to achieve the desired object.'’ Tbs	Intermediate C A. R. st allons ; has parlor
£ t fri.""	raï
tage over the majority of hi# broth r	all points east, arrives montreal 7. 25 p.m.
,,uill driver, which should not be hgh.l,	g*®** * otiSS jtt wHh OMhïïS
estimated. Not only can he couch his	Ry, for nil points west. Has parlor car,
ideas in forceful language for the beneât I Ottawa to Montreal
and instruction of hie reade.s, but he ran 4MIP-	Kngü,m.
neascethe enviable facultyof being enabled	vaileyfleld and station* sonm of the Bt.
to mount the stump and in terms of burn-	Lawrence river Has through sleeping car
ing eloquence drive home points with a	Ottawa to New York via lut an
cyclonic Irredlstiblene,» which simply ft48 ïïl W	Sunday end '7.25
carries all before i\ The only danger is | p, m Dally, that rome day the trend of our friend s	¦¦	¦¦ e #
genius may lead him to seek distinction | Middle cllld WfiStOrD DÎV1S10I1S. through the avenue of poh ics, and then — — ! ! ¦ ¦¦»¦— ? —— 5 ! !
MACFARLANE BROS.
o
On and after October 18th. 1901, and until further notice, train services will be as follows :
SMART & SMITH’S.
A NEWLY RE-BUILT N|ILL
CLARENDON ROLLER MILLS.
1901
1901
The Best Flour and the Largest Returns for your wheat is Our Ambition.
OR


OREMOST
URNITURE.
\\*e desire to lmve you and our Flour meet. There is a basis for a firm friendship between us after you ! ; and the Flour have argued it over. ; :
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
—o
We have a Large Stock of Everything in our Line.
Highest Price paid for Hard Milling Wheat.
JAMBS WILSON.
Arnprtor. Renfrew, Eganvllle, Pembroke, Midawasku, Parry Sound aud Intermediate stations.
Traîna leave Ottawa, Central depot, dally except Sunday.
8 26 A. M. Express for Pembroke Parry Hound and Intermediate st.lions.
1.00 P. M. Mixed for Madawaska and Intermediate stations.
4.40 P. M. Express for Pembroke, Mad-awaskannri Intermediate stations.
Trains arrive Ottawr, Dally except Sunday. 11,16 a. m.. ?•45 p. m. and 4. o:. p, m. Railroad>nd Steamship tickets foi sale to
all points.
Post Office Statistics
# #
# #
# a
Extact from the Postmaster General’s report for the year ending June 30th,
Paid Postal Notes.
X
CHARGES MODRRATR.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
PERSONAL ATTENTION
TKltMS REASONABLE.
Shaw ville....
Bryson........
Quyon.........
Fort Cou longe..
Bristol........
Portage Du Fort Campbell's Bay.
Ville Marie...
Chapeau........
We notice an increase of revenue at Shawville........
Quyon.
Bryson.........
Chapeau ........
Campbells Bay.
Bristol........
Fort Coulonge...
L. Tamicamingae
Decrease—Portage du Fort
Ville Marie,...
$490
THE FAVORITE
291
166
SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
106
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
88
Ceitral Depot, Russell Boise Block
73
^ GOOD STOVE
.IS THE BEST MADE.
38
COR. ELGIN AND SPARKS STS.
35
T“ ‘	‘ iKash is King.
' SASH and DOÙR 1
98
I were 35 more votes in the ballot box than I there were on the list, and it is claimed $114 that Aid. Brunet, the elected member 47 j benefited to the extent of fifty votes in 336 the poll through the fredolent aetion of 9	[ the returning officer working in collision
30 I with Deay. The result may be the voiding of Brunet s election.
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
% w
WAIITMAH’S.
Beginning with the New Tear I have decided to conduct my business on a new baste, by selling for
FACTORY
6
Your choice also oî several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
10

38
(Formerly McCredie & Wedgies)
Is again built up
A deputation, potterymen, in Ottawa, asked the Minister of Custima to change the duty on pottery from an ad valorem to a specific duty.
CASH AND FARM PRODUCE ONLY.
76
2
By this method I expect to be a bifid to dispose of goods at the smallest possible margin of profit to myself and a corresponding advantage to those who favor me with their esteemed patronage. :
and
ACCOUNT
omen

_	.	, The British ermy in South Africa, accord
ÆsMâb,dÆo l'ÆÇtii.SS:
PU 11 #
(xampboll eBay .148 04	60	1141.73 ! wjj| have to drop their old sneer at Brt-
Lake Temi.sca-	tBin as a nation whose military strength
•^^¦44 would be exhausted by the provision for !?**?• i** foreign service of two army corps.— 3442.04 Montreal Gazette.
ready for business.
?Shawville
Bryson..
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP TO DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE
Ugateware, Tinware Etc. I public may rely on getting
k GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
4 full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
With many thanks for past favors I wish all my customers the complimente of the season, and trust the year 1902 may be to them one of prosperity and happiness.
333.65 168 302.38 414 206.11 191
mingue Chapeau. Bristol..,
G. E. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
It is reported, mays the St. Thomas Journal, thn the New York banks last we*k distributed the vast sum of $150,
000.000 in dividends and interest. The savings banks on the same dsy paid interest on deposits and eub-treawry I to the clergymen of their ridings to let be<an the payment of eleveh million dof-1 them know exactly the nature and extent art in interest on Government bonds. — | of the legislation they are advocating.
paper of the city says this t New York is becoming •
NON ACCOUNTING OFFICES
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
Revenue $275 82 248 89 238 25 227 53 202 13 178 43 164 44 164 08 144 78 109 58 95 58 94 96 83 86 83 00 69 95 67 25 65 27 67 96 48 98 46 60 46 00 45 76 42 50 42 28 38 96 38 86 37 98 36 00 35 00 34 00 29 24 26 00 11 20 10 00
Silas Young,
Inge, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual
Ladysmith..........
Otter Lake.........
Rapids Des Joachims Calumet Island.....
Rowan ton..........
Bellerica.........
Kippewa............
Sheen borough......
Vinton.............
Elmaidc............
Caldwell...........
Maryland...........
Bellmounfc.........
Bristol Ridge......
Stark's Corners.,..
Wierstead..........
Waltham Station,...
N. Onslow..........
Radford............
Thorn by...........
Charteris...........
Rutledge...........
Glengyïe............
Yarm...............
Maple Ridge........
Bristol Mines.......
Thorne Centre.......
N. Clarendon........
Waltham.............
tireermount.........
Hodglns............
Bcechgrove..........
Anm tley............
Smith's Corners.. *•
THE MARKETS.
Starke’s
Corners.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 68 to 72c. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to $3.00. Oats per bushel, 40 to 45c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75o. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Rggs, per dozen, 00 to I5c. Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Ducks, per lb. 6 to 7 cents. Chickens, per lb. 5 to 6 cents. Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cents. Pork per 100 lbs.. $7.00 to $7.50 Beef, per 100 lbs., $3.75 to $4.00 Wool, per pound, 14 to 16c. Pelts, each, 40 to 50c.
Hides, $4.75 to $5.00.
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
ROBERT C. tfODCINS.
A financial |_
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
rival to London as » financial centre. It
i id cafejs a great progress, bot exchange ¦ this Lr all in favor of London, and this is an infallible guide.
The Montreal Elections
MB JAMBS COCHRANE DEVIATED MR WILSON SMITH FOB MONTREAL MAYORALTY.
here it is I | SHAWNv'wES
The Place
peg, Man., January 31 —The Montreal, Feb. 2-The official majority reports cf the provincial land sales this of Mr. James Cochrane over Mr. R. month show a considerable increase over Wilson Smith, for mayor of Montreal, u hose of Jannaiy 1901. The increase of $64, the vote standing : Cochrane 11, 509
50 cont per acre, impoved from New Wilson Smith, 10,545.
A notice has been served on the city
Wioni
SASH and DOOR
Year’s Day, h»s had no appreciable dif f.-roncc t » the healthy activity noted last clerk that it is the intention to ccnteat
year There has been no sensational the election.
*le% nearly all the purchasers being The Reform pirty carried a majority of ihdividuaf settlers, who hiv» taken, for he sea's in the council. In the new e»uu he most part, quarter and half sec- C I the Reform party will hive L- alder-,loue	men to 12 for their opponents.
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything yOU require in | |n connection with my former bus!-
ness I have jusi placed In position a set of first class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
#
o
Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Hon. G. W. Ross Subterfùge
Politely Declined
TO HOLD TEMPERANCE AND UQCoR VOTES
London, Feb. 1. —À deep i c’a to the T r n o, J 1, 29.-A 8nal dt-ci.iha. I D» ly Mail from the Hague lays that the reached by the O,ratio government reply of Great Britain to the Dutch peace C	to f. prohibitif. The privy orertures was rteeiv.d yeaterday, and
ouncil having declared the Mauitoba aci ** publuhid on Monday. It it a valid the government will submit it to polite tefa-al to accept the good office, of the legislature as it eland*, with a piovi-1 the Netherlands. It also refuse* to sioo f r a referendum eix months after «notion a Dutch commission visiting toe dat oi he general elec t, n In the South Africa to obtain the consent of the t th exon ,-f the majority re laden in the held to peace propoaal*.-iiuired to m ko prohibit ion law the govern- j Although the reply does not c.oae the ment has deeded to cell for a majority d->or wholly, it actually dismuje. hope.-tutelm: 00 per cert of the votes cast, The fact that the recent offer of Dr. or a Uinw-tifihfl ? te in favor of probibi- Kuvper ths Nuh-il<md a prime n-nint i F ; the pu p we of enabling the «• Ona' Bil a n in the interestt of peace,
¦	¦ |	---- ! ricked am horiz it ion proved fatal. The
Dutch government is greatly disappointed at the outcome.
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
#
OTTAWA
Doors,
Mouldings,
_ Turnings, See.
8811
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
18 to 19c. per lb
per ooz.
Potatoes, 90c. per bag.
Lamb, 6 to 8c. per lb.
Mutton, 4 to6c. per lb.
Beef, 4 to 7c. per lb.
Pork, $7.50 to $8.50 per 100. ' " Chickens, 45 to 60c. a pair. Oats, 49 to 50c. per bushel. Day, $6.00 to $6.00 per ton. Wool, 12 to 14e. per Ik.
pa
Ml
l
* "
How Elections Are Won
For which I am now prepared to re orders and guarantee first-class
ceive
work
OltiT MACHINE METHODS EXEMPLIFIED
inn
Montreal, Jan. 31.—Sensational disclosures were made in tl.e police court today in conncc* ion with the alleged frauds in the r.cint federal by-eltc'ion in St. Janes division, this city. Two men ri med i Mphe Hetu and J. M. M. Desy, have been placed under arrest on thecomp'sint of Mr. J. G II. Bergeron, the defeated Oonseyrative candidate, thechirge xuaiust
piracy. In pull 37, returning officer, there
Thanking my many customer» for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to ft future in crease in business.
tton
members $»f ti e h use to inform them-
nature of th« measure
¦I
Shawville.
¦el ' 01 as
they will b« called up »n to discuss it Th» government «ta» reprinted the Ma ni toba act and ha? pac'd copies at the dis- Sir John Boyd, chancellor, lias been l.l	s. Most of the granted two months leave of absence, a
g'-verrii »t»* in* n re are sending copies will take trip south for his health.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
1 bad fire witlrfd
-------destroyed $60,000 worth of pro-j, ¦	,, , .	-	,	,
porty st, Rat Porlnge, Out., last Mvndsy. fur Calfskins and Pelts.
A
P. S.—Highest price paid
rt
Hp
of tif

t
them bei winch 11
nr fu
###PAGE###5###
¦ «rjj

r*
4*



THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
Ne. 816.
LÔKÏ
A Weekly Uom-nel devoted te local Intcreeta.
« PUUî.IH IIRD EVERY TH VUS €
AT 81IAWVILLK, Co. PONTIAC, Q.UB.
SUBSCRIPTION-ft 00 A T BAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper «topped until all arrearage» psld, unluai bjr special arrangement with tUe publisher.
County Pontiacs Largest Ware-Rooms.
Great January
Clearing Sale.
m
1 Meets the 4th Wed ne# I <1 y of every month.
/ Court dues must be paid \f promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor* dlally Invited,
H. S. TIahwktt, F.B
A. SMILEY, Prop.
t.B.C
J. A. Cowax, R fl
Job N BiCttKTT, C.U
. Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind the general public that
:o;
ADVERTISING RATES :
Logs! advertising, eight rents per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inverted at #4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per Une for nr it Insertion and three cents for stAsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by th for longer periods Insert, ,1 at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 ishod free of charge. Obituary poetry three vents per line.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
WE HAVE THE l*|OST UP-TO-DATE FARM N|ACHIH-
ERY OH THE MARKET
Cutting. Slashing and Banging among Prices. Up-to-date Goods cut right in two.
The spot for—
e month or
as a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
A FAflfHONABL* HaIB CUT, Good Shampoo, on A Clean Shave.
Your Turn nenL
CEO. HYNES,
Note.—Pole can be arranged for two, three or four horses, instantly without removing pole. Made in nine different sizes from 16 to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side hills and turning at end of furrow.
JOB PRINTING.

All kinds of Job Printing neatly end cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.	#
Having decided to reduce our Winter Stock we will offer big reductions in such lines as
Clothing, Boots and Shoes,
Mitts, Moccasins and Rubbers, Ladies’ Jackets in sizes from 34 to 42. Men’s Ifijderwear.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAW VILLE, - - QUE.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B	, M.D..C.M.
Graduate ov McGill University, „
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. M Knox, Shawvllle.
Office nours-Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
A large, welt selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.	*
IK UNDERTAKING
"I also keep a complete stock of t une-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.

A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M-,
Our Fur Sales for the Season have eclipsed
anything heretofore, but we find a few odd
lines left. Who will be first to receive a genuine bargain ?
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity Uulverslty. Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Follow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornes a nu Residkxck î J. U AansmoHcTfi Hovsi, MAIN HTKÏKT • • 8UAWVILL1.
District and Country.
Mr. Nichol B ack, of Appin, die 1 suddenly while driving near Oxford Oeutre.
Eight applications for divorce will be made to parliament at the approaching
seiaion,
Lapointe & C »t, dry go. ds merchants, Ottawa, have assigned with liAbilities
between $20.000 and $30.000. x
The Provincial Medical If with 11 spec-tor of Manitoba reports «m alarming epidemic of smallpox at VViunigosia
Edward Laurin, a well known Montrealer, shot him colored stableman in a quarrel, and the wound may prove fatal.
LEGAL.
JANUARY SALE OF BLANKETS,
(SOFT, FLEECY ONES.)
BQÜRBEAU RAINVILLE, L, L. L
I
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Headquarters for
So risk i" buying here, I UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
This Sale should interest You.
WM- GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, fte.,
Room 20, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
tit., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawvtlle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
.ifllce-over G. F. Hodglna' Store, Mata St.
All Goods marked iq Plain Figures,
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
G.F.HODGINS
------------% .-Jfe.ni IT I#MM> Van. Allen, a hrakenman, was
PC. C« lAf RIG H I ¦ killed in a collision on the C. P. R About
advocate, barrister. AC.. I* "» ¦ «* c	00 Th“"d"
«
night.
®F5? PSOVUfC* or Q	, j	jjr0WI% farmer, vu found dead
Trwt	^ streot OtUw».	with hi. throat out near Wiarton. There
w ™	are auspicious circumstancee,| and the
ou... ..d r-u-
District*.	I Hon. William Templeman, ef Victoria,
he?n named %#
A*T«UI wcCMEEU, L c. L, eJS&.M'LÎ'ATi?	|4üSt?5?5SViJE <r«tt
-	Ti&ü&ræp
At Shaw ville 8rd Thursday each month, has decided to support the Parent Gov. |	R. D. FINNIOAN.e
At request attends Courts in District of Uroeeet
ooreespondenU.
m
HONG KEE,
Notice to Debtors.
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
LADYSMITH.
1
J. P. QBONAU ..
CHINESE LVPHY,
• #
Next door to Miss A. McRae s,
OSBPH RODGERS’
J
Main Street, - Shawville-
Sjxawvllle, Jany 20. lVto.
L>rd Milco r is ntg dialing with the Lieutenant «Governor of Queensland in re-g«rd to the purchase of 10,000 breeding c «tile for Sjuth Africa.
' laundry work of all kinds done in first-
Horses for Sale.


Hog for Service.
w. W. IRELAND,
it a»t)i Cvi.orrïmïZ
SHAWVILLE
Pure bred English Berkrhire Hog for service. Fee—one dollar.
GEORGE McCORD.
Genuine Pocket Knives
Charter is.
811 dSjre*	where is is expected to recover.
Ex-AlJ. W. E Brown, of Ottawa, Saturday issued a writ for $5,000 damages sgiiust Ex Aid. D T. Masson. The sciiou arises out of p?rsoialitie’, and in Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Sat- j &he recent municipal contest.
=I Cast Steel to the backcone, 3| inch handle. Price 25 cents ; postage 5 cents.
Last fall that corporation took hold of the Sydenham mines aud woiked them on an
extensive scale. Part of the output is Writs for Catalogue of other sizes, shipped tc the works and part is placed in Ottawa Sixtyfive men and girls is employed in the city preparing the Syden- . ham mica for the manufacturer. This in r j vasion of the local market wi 1 lessen any chances the Gatineau mines had of die-] -posing of their mica at the old time profit. The introduction of machinery in the sp itting and sorting of mica at the American factories will a's » have a di -pressing effect on the local market On a conservative estimate over $100,000 worth of mica ie held in etora by the
Gatineau mines and the 0 tiwa dealers London, Jan. 26.—A report from Lord expecting an alvanco in price#wh ch io Kitchener, from Johannesburg, gives the the last eighteen months have suffered a important capture of Gen B. Viljoen in •lump of from fifty to seventy five per the neighborhood of Lydenburg, Trans
cent.	vaal O lony, as well as the capture of Fur* Imhea Monthly to all lovem of Bong
amall narties of Boers elsewhere.	and Music a vast volume of Mew, Choice
The raptura of Gen Viljoen who ...
. Botha S most able lieutenant end half Vocal, half Instrumental—ai Complete
..............	BwsSSS
in London. Geo. Viljoen was before	performers on the Piano or Organ, we will send
Halifax, January 21 -Watar Gordon, cipturwl, bnt related in exchange for
a deserter from the Unite i States army, Lady Sarah Wilson.	eighth a Locust Su./ Philadelphie, Pa.
was a mated tonight by Detective Power,	to raivx BoXX cobps.
on the charge of murdering two farmer» pretoria, Jan. 26.—Lord Kitchener
al Whitewater, Man. Gordon wss even at hig suthorized General Vilonel, a sur- pon(jent announces that great prépara-Buffalo after the murder, and a detective rendered burgher, to raise an additional	are being made for a general move-
ha< been shadowing him. Gordon came Roer corps of 1,600 men. Gen. Vilonel ment against the Boers and rebels in the to Halifax, and the facts were com mum- h|S „ritten a letter to ex President Steyne far northwest. The latter are also prepar-oated to Da(68iive Power; who notified wsrning the latter of hie intention to - for resiatanoe. They are storing large Colonel Evans, of the Canadian Mounted form euch s corps, and adding that the qUAl,titles of grain and other supplies in Rtfle*, who are awaiting rauapt*rtation goerê jn the concentration camps are Jtnsihmaiiland where military operations hetf for S 'U It Africa. Gordon J one tired of the useless struggle and are de- wiR m.,et difficult. The correspondent
Rifles, under an assumed termined to help the British end it. his intention to go to
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
MONEY TO LOAN ON MAST TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUB.
HcDOUQALL & CÏÏZNEE,
Smallpox Epidemic.
HAS A BAD imCT ON SHANTYINO. OUTPUT
OF LOOS FALLING OFF
Sussex St. Ottawa.
ware Merchants, - -
Sold by All Newsdealers
News of the War.
News fiora the Klondyke says a reef	—	. ...
J !	similar to that at Johannesburg has been I Latest reports from the lumber limbs
mmtssme
conditions htve handicapped the lumbermen. The mild weather in the early part i f the winter prevented the format on of Mr. T. W. Symmes, of Aylmer, collector I frost under the deep snow, and as a re of provincial revenue in Hull, has handed suit their is no “ bottom " to the swamp out the following figures in connection roads and the drivers find it extremely with the maintenance, of the insane. | difficult to get the logs to the waterways. During the year 1901 it cost the county of Wright $951,44, the city of Hull, $985.
90, and Aylmer r $114 for their insane.
FAMOUS BOER COMMANDANT FALLS INTO HANDS OF BRITISH. OBN. VILONEL TO
RAISE ? CORPS.
en
to Hong Kong, This is another outcome of the closer relations between Britain and her colonies.
hotbia
Charged With Murder.
St. Lawrence Ball,
< » e n
ARRESTED AT H AL1FAX
Mrs C M. McLean,
Good Accommodation. Table and Bur always well famished.
FlBST-CLASS LIV1BT ATTACH ID.
The Gatineau Mica Mines
Halifsi, Jan. 28.—A double drowning slump in pricis and cutsidb competi occurred at Lunenburg on Sunday even-1 tion has a dbprmsiho SFFBCT^^d iog. John Craft and his wife were cross-
iu« Minake Lake on the ice, when they | Lait Friday's Ottawn Citiatn yf* : walked into an open space of water and The local mica mark*; ha^assumed a n* w went down. They were over 60 years of and significant aspect Tne mineral >s age. When their bodies were found to now being shipped to Ottawa from the day they were locked in each others em- Syndenham mines For the past, eighteen br;ce.	j months, there has been a marked de
“	| pression which followed infl iti n of price
Toronto, Feb. 1 —A aevoro epidemic j^If|et jrt lbe Gatineau. Pont las and othel of scarlet fever is raging in the vicinity ioflB whicb ehipped to Ottawa, were of the lumber camps of the Magnets wan, ^ut ^üWn or run under reduced labor J Parry Siund, and» rendered all the I The ownm are
more serious by the appearance or a num- pec^anCy t||| prices again move up Ic^ul her of cases of a ma’igitant type of bi»h figures that «aie the mining dvubty diphtheria. RsporU^to Dr.lLyoe | profitable leas than twa years ago. Tin that upwards of 90peases of fever bave 5IUwt pr<M|opt was bought by the occuired and 8 or 10 deaths hove re- riotl concerna M the States tnd c stilled. ,¦	ploymont was given to hundreds o!
in Ottawa, sorting mud packing the n,i<
The American eauauiuen* h»>*evo not relish the idot of paying what took to be fancy prices and ryes wor* t hat turned on other markets. At Syrien haul.	ie
near Kingston there are immense dopo= ti* sk 1 of the mineral which were being worked n *sj under a lease from an American concern. J vagaries ui r<

PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
¦
JEWELLER
KEEPS
A 8KLSCT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. 8ILVFRWARE Ac, Ac.
Ill

I
the Mounted It w
nd remain thore
predicts that the troubles will continue in Bushmanland for, perhaps, years.
name.
Afrvau
CHASING DEWET .
Lmdon, February 1.—The Lidyemith
correspondent of the ILny N»iws report'»
that twenty three British columns
i #>o	Puia I hunting for General D? Wet, and says
. Jan. Zd Mrs. Mu e i ^ mMt^ogk th*t hie capture or the an Detroit, Jan. 23 -Four building», etch
wife oi » young '"rr< hilht .h,iîi^	nihilation of his force	is only	a question , fouraton-y* high, located in the heart of
Tern., w <eid aB 110 TU V Î	of time is mure justified than over before,	the wholesale diet riot of tkis city coils pi-
mt ote of i '7' '	.mmBverything.iridioatee a powerful effort to ed without any apparent «use, and all*
ton or m .> p ure , crugh tfae Boere everywhere in March and | that now remains is » heap of rums. The
li ib,ne eye ^ ud, p uck , ^ The Boers in the "field, however, buildings are a part cf b!<*k boundei by
i>m bee, t *nt n oei oi j surpriaingly numerous, and well eq- Ji tferson Avenue and Shelby and Gria-
l avuiflf only one «ye .	. 4t is suapec ed that they have wold streets, and were occuetied by five
ormenta of hell “	been reinforced by	rebtls	from Cape	oonberite, snd ihvtr s ocks s a total leas,
ch et*Ld Ofer region	^	.hich i. ««m»ted it #152,600. exclue».
n knd since tht„ t rue,	a general movement.	of the loss nn the huiWtnp», which will
noted far arrange •
mm	j The Daily Mail’s Cape Town corree-


in
m

i

m
Woman Pulled Out Her Bye
Fell Like Houses of Cards.
waiting in eager ex
are

Naahvi
lit
/


f$t
r'.
Hûsrta
h
t-M*
A


t>u

REPAlRiKO—
AGrMALXTT;
anus
Attempted Suicide.—An old and to Mjir-cted citizen of R chmond, Out., in he person of Mr. James Hooper, attempted to take his life on Thursday of week by cutting hie throat with a ¦ Mr. Hooper has for some time p*st bten in the employ of Dr. R. C Chanonhouse. It was in the doctor's
'r
SHAWVILLE, P.
tî

(To
ét

The aulline coller iectorj, Greoby,
Que., was destroyed by fire Sunday ______
ing. L-e, itra3 #70,000, f»*1/ eorered
hy insurance.
last x »r
u t
try
h«i has hf-.e
morn*
to 850,000.
Hin mu
•og’OUs work.

###PAGE###6###



fer



Km

?
0,3,3.3.a,3.c.0.0,0.0.0.*.».****»«@'0"0o»«@'2	hud (Tweird "wetonUon tor


i FOR FARMERS ]
O hcr. Sho could not Bicep, fho could i »	a	4	f?'e not rest ; Ideas crowded upon her
f’—d #"R	Q H i * ZX	7ZX tf* ^ almost against her will ; plans and
ii niw, k dial iiowu i
Q I and absorbed
# 1 Ihe sun rose, and the day was the O ¦ one apno'nted for Mrs. Hivers* funeral. The two girls wont together to G the darkened room whero she lay,
X i id took their last farewell of her.
********	V* ! Warn»	from R«l«\
Q®03 „pon n,t. void form «hr had always
,	'deafly loved ; but no t< dlmmid
rRKCF.IUNf! come I must tell it to you ; and you the (ftirk e.ves that Intel so strange an gon() principle it is too
must hold it m charge, se.crtdly, as expression.	being, of course, to saw to the farm
he. "% ,%	w»re	Dh„,	---- K,i2r
Hivers and is did not come.	,	forget this plain principle, in tin
; ••Rita." said the dying woman. The funeral was over ; friend* and Bhnf)e 0f ||U|0 carc 0f farnivard man I "unlock that little box for me, and neighbors had all withdrawn. Mrs. take out that parcel that lies there." venit» alone remaining. Daisy was ' Rita obeyed ; her mother’s tret..hi- preparing to return to Miss Toffies.
Ralph Ashton had but another fort- jng lingers could not unfasten" the on the following morning, and still night to remain in England ; and string ; she opened it—and there lay the secret was
one evenin'*. whrn the tide * us out n ring of pearls, a locket with fair WrtS unfimillcd ; and the younger girl and the sun setting, he went to meet ond dark hair in twined, the initials wondered why the elder one shunned Rita on the sands. As the time nV- «M” antt “A” in the renter ; with ju»r and what it was that clouded
O
£ m

«1.
?
%

o





n

o
'Sf’v'
1
I
n
Seasonable and Profitable * Hints fur the 3usy Tillers # of the boil.
m
v

?
f)
f
4-

o
->«
O
i
u
I
G
the destruction of a proud spirit.
MANURE MANUFACTURE
»
O
Nl'mling up on readied the length of a thou son de of farm leases, and a very
I The idea
the place" has
place in





-
;xVv(v<vj
OF
SYNOPSIS CHAPTERS, the eve of departure lv join her sv' x n arried l u&t anc chilli with Susan «;¦ owned at sen.

Margaret Howard, un
>
\V
Some farmer# appear to
*
en
1
gmm
With all the
un? after It is made
I
J rare, however, wo must not overestimate the value of this manure. While it pays, no doubt, to save nil the roughage so long ns the work involved is only odd-time work, the value of the material is very low. A ton of average farmyard manure con-
pronvhed (or his departure, «ouïe- them ln.v a pni'ket of letters, written mta> f„re with something deeper , lains ,lbout 10 pounds of ,,oUlNh, un(| thing like fear and doubt look pos- jn a fair and de irate hand.	I than sorrow. She little dreamed of I ^ pounds of phosphoric acid
P***^^^*	Those are Daisy’s/' said Susan ; the fierce warfare going on in that
He	began	to wonder if	llitn	would	give them to	her.	Dvnd	down, Rita	vain,	passionate	heart ; she litt'c
be true	K	him	during	his absence,	—lower	still—while 1	tell you the	knCW	that good	and evil were fightloved	wealth	tnd	longed	secret I	have	kept	for	fifteen years,	j„g n	hard battle ; that her own dca-
she is	tinv and Rita’s	hung trembling in
CHAPTER IV
»
not told, the trust
k

c
3
I ho

ty.i(>,i of his mind
Ep
same plant food can be purchased in the form of the highest class chemicals for about $2,26 this

Now, from It must not tw thought that this chemical plant food is only of 1 equal value to that in the farmyard manure. On the contrary, It Is scarcely worth about twice as much. Repeated experiments at the official agricultural experiment stations have : proved this, have proved in fact that the plant food locked up in farm | roughage and farmyard manure is very slowly available, and it is pro-j“ | ha bio that $1.25 represents its full value as compared with high-class chemicals.
Quark-Why dll you run so fast when thn cook came out?
Brome Gobbler-I d rather have the family nay “Can’t he run fustr Ihun “Don’t he taste good ?”
Mr
for grandeur—would she be true if a Daisy Is not my child Ititn ;
lovc’i should come with gold ai I for- not your own sister, ns you have nl- the balance
lure ?	'	ways believed her to ho."	f ho had never told the story ; for
Evening had conic, and Ralph	Ash-	j\\ho is she ?" asked Rita,	in	ut-	on the night she gazed with jealous
ton proceeded to the sen-shore	to	tor amazement.	envy on Daisy us she lay sleeping, a
meet	the	beauty	he	so passionately	"That	is the story 1	must tell	you;	thought	came to	her which burned
loved,	and	to	bind	her. if	possible.	an(j	vou	must rejeut every word	to>ils way	into her heart, and would
to u. vow of constancy ftom wl ich jH,r jf—if i (lo not see her again." not leave her. Daisy knew nothing she should never swerve. The	tide	Mrs. Rivers then proceeded	to	tell	of the secret. No one in the wide
was out, and the sun was setting be-	jlor daughter all the particulars rein-	world knew it hut herself. There was I
¦ ‘	live to the bankruptcy and death of no proof except such as she held in
Miss Ar'e’s father ; of tie young her hands. Why not put herself !..
and the leaving of Daisy’s place, and call herself Cap-
and c me to queen’s' poouu|fl iv.|i v\Xno\\\ eq> isjy W uh 0 \° UR0, 11 ther® *s n°* t0°
1er mv dead	nnstress’	sake	through	her mind	shocked her ; it a haul,	or	too	much	handling.	But,
No one	cvcl	was too	base a	betrayal of her	ftH	°Den	happens,	farmers	take
mother’s trust. Hut gently ni.d stock 1(1 winter merely lor the irnin-
suhtlv it Stole buck and nestled there ur,:	^ey make, being also fed on
products of the farm, the chances
Mr
TOOK HIS ADVICE
common sense and keep them busy.
I don't allow them to	bo idle a	nun-	^ftcr	s|10 had been married six
Give them plenty	of goor	iu,t	monl|,H	she went to her old bachelor
surh as wheat, coin,	oats, a	h	unc|0|	who believes that a imitri-
meat or green bone, good s mrp	gi »	,	monjui	uüianco is a voluntary uc-
pure water and all the green »tu T ccplance ol slavery.
they will cat. Keep them at work «•Sutlering from the conjugal yoke, but don't stuff them, l.et them at-	jie replied to her presentation
ways bo hungry enough to work with of ttl||jvVtullh
pivc them plenty of sun
Keep
uto
hind a red bank of cloud. *
Rita saw her lover approaching she noted the anxious, depressed look iadv's marriage | on the face usually so bright an 1 her child in her chan t hopeful.
"1 had great difficulty in getting a way," she said ; "my mother is "hut a little child when we still very far from well ; but you ivepdale wanted me and I ant here. Toll nv$ j.ynnc. quickly what it is—my time must be j have kept the secret short."	it reams that Daisy is other than my
They sat down upon two large	own	child—no one suspects	it. 1	tell
stones, and the waves rolled in	you	now, Rita, for 1	shall	see	her	a welcome guest	......	.	,	.
dim mil v. noiselessly at their feet.	mother in another	world, and she	.Still she did not dare, while her	f™ that the farmer is losing money.
1 „m not happy, Rita," said he.	will nsk me	if I have done my best.” i	mother lay unboned there, to ar-	l hj* J,'an '* ®')cn followed. XU‘ilc
wish 1 could stay near you, you	There was	silence	for some minutes	range her plans. XXhen she stood, ns	ll is true that farmyard manure has
are so enchanting. Some one is sure	and Mrs.	Rivers’	voice had grown	it were, alone in the world, she made	n value in addition to its mere plant
to try and steal you from me while faint, and exhausted. Rita sat lest up her mind.	y<R this value is at best pro-
I am away."	in bewildered surprise.	There seemed no obstacle, not even Mcmnticnl, and by Die ton very sig-
' There is not much to fear," she And what nm I to do, mother ?" on*' difficulty to overcome—thank* ; niflcant. Any roughage that can he replied, with a smile and a siph. she asked.	.	to the fate that had called her Mar- sold for os much ns $2 a ton is more
sfftzxi % .æ’ustjs	znx svzszzrz
Rita ?"	ters. Tell her the story I have told more than nine points of the
You know it, Ralph," she said.	you	Tell her 1 have	no clew to	her	*sbe had	the	ring, the locket,
gently, for the passion of his wonts	Luther's name, save	that	he	was	balers
aiarmed her ; but he listened in vain ca||<fj Captain Arthur, and that his * no need not niter for the true ring in that musical regiment was in India in 18—. 1’er-voicc—it was not there.	haps he died there. If ever Daisy
"1 try to believe it." lie said ; "if wins friends, they will make inquiries I were to doubt it 1 should go mad. for jlcr . hut if she finds the mntriage I could not live without you, Rita— was not a legal one. tell her 1 charge thr world would be a dreary blank her for her dead mother's sake to let XVere you to die. my darling, I could the story die so that no taint may be
you deceived
h vim
shine and a good dust hath the house clean. I mean Clean enough
for a man to live in. Don’t crowd - k3tlllie thing." with a hardened your chickens into u close, filthy, ^oice "Rut 1 require details dark room that you would be unwil- funj giving advice." ling to lleep in. Don’t use tonic, medicines, etc., except in acute cas- tjl0 worst sort cm. Don't doctor
"No, unyo, from the conjugal Joke,” for she would not humor his prejudices
be-
"Well, ho is u practical joker of
he delight» to slip Think and study into my tea ; wake me out of »
sound Bleep by playing burglar ; «end anonymous letters threatening to burn the Muse down ; tell me
has failed, and that the «tares us in the face ; house is-tuiuntod ;
and work teams early in the season, anything to scare mo and give him if you do not wish their hair to get u laugh." long

nature
DAIRY AND LIVE STOCK
that ho
Arc there shivers in the burn yard? workhouse Tut light blankets on the driving BWCarfl that the
^*^*^**	Of,course. Marriage makes a
Let the cows out in the yard from forutc of a man and a fool of a wo-two to three hours on all line days, man, Rut don’t you be so soft little they need exorcise. But do not com. silly. (Jo right back at him with pel them to stand out when it is his own weapons. Mix gD e with his cold and blustering.	shaving-soap. Dust the In? ide of his
It isn't the cold, the number of L der-clothlng with cayenne pupier. degrees below zero, that causes the put suiyi in his daov». change his farm animals to suffer, it is the cold best hut for one two sties larger.
All cracks, ’Pretend to fall In love with some
• «
law. manure on the farm is only a matter the of necessity, and should never be Garanti, aboyé all, the story, ried on in any other way.
one word of it. The plant food in farm roughage She had hut to put herself in Daisy’s and manures is very slowly available; place. She thought over everything this is particularly uuc of potash connected with the history of Mat- an ' phosphates. They arc not elW-gnret Arlc and her child, and could ti\_ in the early part of the growing
season, and When used exclusively, ¦¦¦ehc said to herself, hold back growth until midsummer, ns the voice of conscience tried to With a favorable season. Indian corn make itself heard, "what docs it can put up with this, but not short-matter ? If ever Captain Arthur growth crops such as oats. Perhaps comes to lighf he will find a daugh- the most effective way to use these ter to he proud of. and I shall make forms of plant food is to mix them a better lady than Daisy ever cou d, with, say, per ton, roughly. 200 to To deprive him of a child would be 400 pounds of kainit and 100 to
200 pounds acid phosphate mineral plant food in these materials is very readily available, and by enabling the plants to make a vigorous early growth, there is no stunting in midsummer, and the plants are In condition to reach and feed upon the more insoluble* plant food in the manure.

would you not
me


chinks and holes where the wind can other fellow. Keep him in hot water force itself through the stables day and night. 1 guess that should be battened and talked be- cure him." fore the inmates are exposed to the She acted on this dangers and discomfort of piercing husband thrashed the uncle. The wifo
is of opinion that he did just right*
is a pi t R] i t t that This they will live happily ever after.


will
not find one weak point "After nil,"

advice. The
You
Margaret Arle's naine
tht mi ' si gee faith-
winds or driving sleet and snow!	¦¦
We often hear the remark that in and now tl vro
ri g HH***U***^*
may be so, but corn has some pretty
good substitutes if no actual rival;	THE pALKLAND ISLE»,
and like most kings, he could not	„ ,,,	. , ,
rule with credit to himself were it The visitor to the I nlkland isles not for some efficient aida. While sees a number of what wou.d appear corn may bo the staple it is not the to to weather-beaten, moss-covered whole thine in swine feeding and fat- boulders of various sizes scattered lening. and the feeder who attempts here and livre. On attempting to
It	inny meet „.U, df g	Z u7 «“ ÏÏ
cooked fond is by roots of great strength. These are
¦not boulders—they arc trees I No other place in the world can show ft such a peculiarity of "forest" growth The Falkland islands arc exposed lo strong Polar wind, which renders It impossible for trees to grow in the proper form. Nature has consequently adapted herself to the prevailing conditions, and produced this strange form of plant life. These "living stones," as they tiro called, tire quite devoid of "gfain," and it is next to impossible to cut them up and utilize them for fuel.
not s’irvixe you
upon
HHHB	will give
What should you do ?" she nsk- fu]iv, Rita ? Promise n o."
f »
me

td
, Even as she uttered thr words
I would follow you through t	gray pallor settled on her face
wide world," he said, "and when 1 an(i	wem hastily to suninu n
found you, as truly as the sun set*;.	put no human aid could avail
I would kill you, Rita, and thus f()r ^vs Rivers—the fiat hud gone
uxf go myself."	forth. In the faint morning light,
in after years she remembered his xvj,^n pniPy came and bent over lier, words, in the most terrible hours of no jouk recognition shone in the her life they came back to her, and cj.jn cyes—they were closed to all
he meant what he hud
an

very different ; to substitute one grown-up girl for another cannot
matter much."
It was after midnight when Rita went to Daisy, and, calling her gently, roused her from her sleep. The young maiden opened her eyes in wonder, and Rita shrunk from the pure, clean glance.
I)o not be angry, Daisy ; I could not help waking you. You are going hack to-morrow, and I want to tell you something before you return."	»
Daisy looked up in some surprise.
\\ hat is it, dear ?" she asked, gently. "Are you in trouble, or have you a secret ?"
Rita flushed as she exclaimed
'Mt is a secret ; one that concerns myself."
The




she knev said
earthly things
H	Before Mrs
"Do not talk in that wild wsy, pujsv came home—Rita gathered the Ralph," she said, "you alarm me. contents of the little parcel together, In one moment the iicice look had an<j placed them careful’y in her ft his face, and he was himself box	'
aster.
The advantage in not in added nutrition. In fact, there may be less nutrition in n cooked ration than there was in i when raw. The advantage lies in the increased amount of food the animal will consume. One has only to watch a lot of porkers on a cold morning eating a warm, cooked meal, and then the same lot eating a slop mixed with cold water to convince him which is eaten with the greater iclish.	%
Rivers died—before

« i

own
POULTRY KEEPING
I have used an incubator for the past three years with splendid success, writes A. K. Henderson. 1 keep about 100 fowls, raise about 800 each season and breed them for fancy, for eggs and for pleasure. I sell eggs for hatching and make some money. I hatch all my chicks in the incubator, and raise them in a brooder and have never had the slightest
trouble in raising them. I feed rol-	WINTER CALVES.
æSSSSS irHHJEFB, _
that sort of thing.” exclaimed the SUch as chopped lettuce, green wheat,	indications Great llritain the boys nw studying
cook, us she answered a knock at the etc.	ou id bo practically no ‘nd^tioM text_books on Canada which set
kitchen doob and found a forlorn- t have no particular rules to fol- , %	‘	J g. . , h forth her history, explain her system
looking tramp on the step.	low. There are a few simple, nntur- a,ro., pt’ J. .	418' ier * . tllp of government, and lay «tress upon
"No, cookie, old girl," he said,]	ni iaWe to understand and apply and	s ttJCH	fiU,lf!on. .y.4 _;tK n1pntv	her natural resources. These books
with a debonair manner, "you’re off	the rest is easy. The	first of these	Purpose,	well lighted, i	I	»	arc supplied free by the Dominion,
your stove-lid this time."	is to keep the chicks	comfortable.	°J bidding t() keep calves	co i	and Lord Strathcona, Canada’s High
"Well, what do you want ?" she	Don't let them cry,	keep them in	}his pro,)yl keeping	p ac	Commissioner to the mother country
inquired, bracing herself against the pursuit of something, keep them busy i of **1C first importance, for here it. wm give valuable medals next spnng door. "Something to buy liquor ancj iet them work. Idleness greeds ( >olm& animals will remain c to the scholars who pass 'ho best with ?"	disease. 1 sometimes watch the	or more. Not much new examinationS on them. I lie aim of
"Off again, cookie, thou queen of chicks for hours, note tlwir every m,lk iH fcd noW J° ca v®8’.	*?° Lord Strathcona and his countiymen
the starry firmament." he warbled*, movc ljstcn to the shuffling of their «pensive for that and beyond the ,s t<> impress British youth with the
und tried to chuck her under the Rttlc feet as they scratch in the chaff *irst fcW (,ayR is n®t- K^nera ly con- a(jvantages of .the Dominion ur «
or sand to the mingled chirp of hap- ^d. .en necessary. Hut it is essen- tield for « migration pi ness as they bury themselves in the j il*} l,^at calves have good swee l chaff and now. and then find a morsel 5h,m52I k 1111(1 of D10^1* temperature, of food. 1 sometimes take a piece of 1 llc Dome.
a
nir tu Ik
######:
only my heart, but my sou!, t at tH_ „rgt timn Fh(i wns «truck l.y the
hold in your hauts. xa g« difference between Daisy aid herself. I have stalked all my .	notcd the air of high-bred re-
finement ; the spiritual expression of the sweet. pure face ; the little hands, so white and beautifully form; the graceful symmetry of the slight, girlish figure. Could it be before Heaven. Swear to mo possible that this girl, whom she never care for an- ^ind always looked down upon a# her
you younger and inferior sister, might turn out to be n child of a rich and hut noble father ? Either she was that
to obedience. The disgrace. Which could it be ?

« «
yoi
with me on» one throw."
"] have promised," she said,
J will keep my word."
"Rita," he said, suddenly, "I shall ed bind you to me by a vow
that you will	Mil I
other, and that until you die
will be faithful to me."
She would have hesitated, there was a look In his face compelled her
bloom faded from her countenance as ]jcr mother had «ntertained cruel she repeated after him words so doubts. Could they have been just solemn her whole soul wns subdued ones 7 jn the dead silence of the by their strength.	night Rita rose and unlocked the box
Long after Ralph Ashton left her, containing her trust. She read Margaret Rivers sat dreaming by the Margaret Aide's letters over and sea—not of the fierce love she had over again. Ah ! there could bo no won—not of the strong, passionate doubt, she spoke so proudly of her heart that lay in her hands—not of husband ; it had been a real marriage chin.
help to save— Rita felt sure, and no mock one.
Whoever Captain Arthur might be, throw a "Had she done the bent she could ?" |Daisy was his legitimate child. What All visions were forgotten when if he were a mnn of high position os she stood once more in her mother’s well
house. When Rita left her that would he n lady—would enter, by evening to meet her lover, one of her right, that gay world Rita thought neighbors offered to sit with her paradise. She would be rich and while the young girl was out. This happy. Why had fate end fortune
met her at the door, favored her ? Ah ! would that Daisy Pearl of the Pearl River ?" he ask-
had been Mrs. Rivers' own child and cd, smilingly, your she the captain’s daughter ! so ill 1 Then, with the letters in her hand, see her she foil into a waking dream. If it ogam.	: had been so she would never rest un-
"Your mother is very ill," said 1 til she had discovered him—she would the doctor, gently. "The immediate search for him until he was found, danger seems to have passed, but Then she would win his love. He she must be carefully watched all would surely be pleased with and night, and if the least change takes proud of her magnificent beauty, place send for me."	Then all she had longed for would be
Rita saw her mother wished to be .Jiers. She saw herself superbly dress-left alone with her. She arranged ed, with gleaming jewels, with lovers the sick-room, shaded the lamp so sighing around her—with the gay, that the light should not fall on her the great, and the noble all offering mother's face, prepared cooling her homage. The vain, wor dly drinks, and then took her scat by heart was du/zled wfth the picture ; her mother’s side.	but the cold reality came and chilled
"Rita, " said the faint, changed her—all this wns for Daisy, and not voice, "is it too late to send for for herself.
Daisy ? I want to see her. I shall With n deep sigh she relocked the not live until the sun rises to-mor- box and went buck to the room I feel death-cold at my Jieart, where Ditfsy slept. The moon shone I	¦	I brightly ; one of its silvery beams
n touched Daisy's face, lingering al-
calm
’and
(To lie Continued)
FREE SCHOOL books
THE TRAMP’S LATEST DODGE
You are
3,000 schools in
her very birth was a shame and
or
°* chicks for hours, note tlwir every
Off again, cookie, thou queen
•Get out," she screamed, "or I'll kettle of hot water
the soul she might but of the old, tormenting doubt
on
LADY DENTISTS
0
you.'
"Prithee, empress of the range, he murmured, "don’t do that and destroy my usefulness."
"Well, tell me what you want then, or leave the place."
"You won’t tell any of my pals,
Dentistry is now an accepted and often flourishing profession of women In France. I11 a country town of Scinc-ct-Marno a qualified youn^ lady dentist enjoys the monopoly of tooth-drawing, ft dentist's business provincial France consisting oi
French country folks.
meat and cut It up in small bits and throw it to them a little at a time, and how I do laugh to see them rush,' run and fall over each other, tumble in downy heaps, then scatter and chase each other again splendid tonic for both the chicks and myself.
I keep breeding stock in a scratrh-MM^*| .	„
shed house and in feeding and ito have lived at least 150
was mentioned in a deed in 1810
-t'-
as good birth ? Then Daisy
OLDEST LIVING ANIMAL
A tortoise, weighing a quarter of ft ton, has been purchased for the Zoo at London by Mr. Walter Rothschild.
It is supposed to be the oldest living m creature in the world, and is known
x
This is n
same women with a pale, scared face.
"Miss Rita," she cried, mother has been taken thought you would never
else
of the wealthiest sort, rarely, indulge in a set of false
little
It even¦
if ever, i teeth.
"1 don’t know any of your pals, and don’t want to," she snarled.
"You lovely thing," he twittered, "I fain must tell thee all."
Why don’t you then, you lazy idiot ?" she inquired, with tender emphasis.
"Well, then, onliest only of my heart/' he whispered, "I want to sift half a ton of cinders—a whole hnlf-tt n,
ing
caring for them make use of a little
# #
Wonderfnl Power her Serious mouse
mind ye—because, you
Tbe Cure ef People Rlsht In Onr Midst Stumls as Irrefutable Evidence of the Superior
Medicinal Values of
•e
But she didn't see. The shock was too much foe her and she fainted dead away, and the lady of the house gave him a quarter to run for
a doctor.
"It pay's betters anything I ever tackled," he said softly to himself, as he went out of the area-gate.
Of ill the ailment* which iBlet human kind there ere none so obstinate and none so difficult to cure as
diseases of the nerves.	f„At1
There may be seme disorders of Individual organs that are more painful and excite more s> »r y * friends, but diseases of the nervous system affect the mind as well as the body and bring disroi rage »	1
epondency and gloom. They unfit men for business and women for the household cares d« \ <> ' ll|tt	.	'
Such afflictions as paralysis, locomotor ataxia, epilepsy and even insanity itself are the com	i
Nervous headache, nervous dyspepsia, sleeplessness, muscular weakmees, dixeineis and 1 rry	^ A!"
bodily functions are merely the warning symptoms which tell of the appi oach of these more .en
Time and time again Hr. Ghana's Nerve Food has proven to be the most effective creator of nerve force
that medical science affords. It is not claimed that one box will cure sc lions and chrome i t	.
great food cure is not claimed to be a miracle worker nor a cure-all, b t when the sys cm the nerves exhausted it is certain to produce beneficial results. It is bound to do so because	p
of the most potent, nerve restoratives that are to be found in all nature's realm.	Ihnii
You will search the medicinal world in vain for a more effective nerve restorative and sy rvu.r*H mjûrve Pr. Chase’s Nerve Food. The evidences of your friends and neighbors attest this fact.	1 •
Food 50 cts. a box; 6 boxes for $2 50; at all dealers, or Edmonson, Bates û Co., rorogto
row
and I must sec Daisy before I die '
But midnight had struck before
could be found to go for most lovingly on the clear
long walk there, brow and the delicate, spiritual fen-
Rlta bent over her, silently until wonder became
TO STOP RUNAWAY HORSES
an appliance
which is in general use, and has been for a long time, is an arrangement by which the breath of a horse I"
shut off
In Sicilian
messenger Daisy. was a and Rita knew the summer rooming turcs would dawn before her sister could reach home. She told her mother so ; und Susan Rivers, turning her pallid face te the wall, moaned aloud.
"I have a secret, Rita," said the
T have held It many I muet see Daisy before I die
If she does no*
wondering, jealous pain, what the future held in store for the sleeping girl. Suddenly across her faco^there came a strange expression,
thought ; |________________________
the dark ryes with gloom.
She held out her hands In horror though trying to drive it from
when he attempts to gg away Standing out from the nostrils of the horses are little leather discs, which the pulling of a little rein by the driver claps down upon the animal s nose, thus shutting off his breath if he tries to get beyond
run
as of a wild. deep it lingered there, filling

faint voice
years and tell it to her
control
as



! *

###PAGE###7###



9
—1
full, doop breath, while counting IS, end then slowly expel It. Sometimes stout WMuen move tho arms gracefully, but the body has an utter lack 01 liberty and free motion or suppleness. Drawing her corsets tighter never did make a stout woman less •lout in appearance I 1h oot to lace too tightly, the second is to banish all Idea of being stout
irom your mind, and lot tho muscles T. . . , .	. *
..“ r*r,
MlligMlpB
lSi	IS
looked When ' , ,mMtry . quit.e 1,1 C1^C the water runs yellow, put Looking at the motorman, you will end. and the force of the water at I la'mcr' thut W,!I oxcel the ,Mld thrown me over and married the with u littln „ „ i	wpl^ad	60,1,0 blueing into tho boiler Just notice that in front of him and a lit- the »xit will be lessened '\ his is EI101 thorn-Ayrshire cross.	man who had posed as my friend;
half Ut**imnnf,ng Î » UJ? U°Ur ?n* W,U sloP lho bleeding.	sheet iron front. This Is the con- when It started out	' Lawyers do not usually get	tho n relative or friend in the world, and
than ml* , n I ° . mkmK l,OW(,eE Now boots should bo rubbed with troller. Jly it the motorman con-	smu il end of p bargain with their have nothing to look forward to
Inrh i,	an° a °Ut one 0,ghth a slice of raw potato. They will trois tho electrical machinery and	--- clients, but the Ureen Day recalls cept
In flour nmV”n * lp fttncy cutters PolUUi then as easily as old ones. stops, starts or backs tho car or SLEEPING IN SPECTACLES	tWo incident» where the clients had
H»F
I1HÉ
of finely shredded candied peel or cracking immerse them in cold water I	*orf regulating the those who undertook to wear glas- rather pay nothing."
half an ounce of carraway seeds may the" tiüt 0VQr tho û,re» bring to the pas8ft^« °f	rcutrrcnt'	ses	when	bathing had special frames A,,d with a bow he left,
be added to this by way of a change, boiling point and lot boil an hour, WHEN l HE CAR JOL'l S. ; made for the purpose, some that had	 f	—
Tho reason that gingerbread ap- ttnd <1(,n t tak® lb°m out unlil tho W1,en ho starts a car slowly, the | a tighter grip, and others having	______
pears what is termed “close" is due water has gradually cooled.	motorman	bus turned the handle but) them made with nickel f rames.	oilOD Willi ST RAW
to the presence of treacle. For 0 prevent the juice running out of a little way, and only a few projeo-,fcrisp" or “snap" gingerbread add a	I)ie makc ft ro11 o1 clean Lions * or teeth are pressing against
Sufficient extra Hour and sugar to white paper and insert it perpendicu-1 each oilier. Another push of the
inako it stiff enough to roll into a larl> f11 rough the u^por crust. 1 ho- handle, more teeth come together. .... p .	1»	WLi vom» nm &uuu» am
Paste, which may be cut Into squar- steam escapes this way and tho juice more electrical current is parsed , V i , Î m * ? ,hu? ,fna( c round the ankles with straw CS or rounds, and baked on a greas- vvl_,i remain in the pie.	along	to tho motors and the speed of u i,es ashionab 0 in England. Child- ûn(j nro made of tiio ordinary
#d tin In a gentle oven.	Vinegar cruets may be. cleaned by the car increases.	ren	ttre supplanting lap dogs and KtrRW hr^idnd «n Mmt th,.v tr
Celery Salad.-To one pint of cel- Puttln„g cr,9hcd cgg **e}\"™* *J^
^ y cut into small 'pieces add one half pint of shredded cabbage; sprinkle with salt and pour over it a
TEA DÉ IM LIVE STOCK.
T
HOMME CARS ARE RON
"*#*#######
The upper part of the armature Is
attracted or pulled forward by the.
electrical force of the north held. Growing Rapidly Between Eastern while the lower part ia repelled by |	and Western Canada. • ,
miBtsm.
sued its devious course as described . Wl8° ttntJ ffeneroua treatment of j In the earlier stages of tho war l as fur as the armature and bus tuuv- 1 10 f J,urin« the month of De- j chanced to become acquainted with ed the car. ' 1 j member and tho first eight days in | a young Australian bus’/iman
•January, forty-six cars of grade and Veredoport, and alter a short
o#eS#Q#le
A BATTLEFIELD SCENE.
2 FOR ™ HOME

l
THE ELECTRIC CITERENT HAS QUITE A JOURNEY.
PATHETIC INCIDENT REPORT. ED FROM SOUTH AFRICA,

t,
«
Recipe* for the Kitchen. • I'yfclcite and Other Notes • fwr tho Housekeeper. _
4
How the Motorman Controls the Cars With the Handles in Front u. Him.
The first care
A Sergeant of the 10th Hussars Tells of the Death of a Young
Australian.
i
*

All
SOME GOOD RECIPES
women
al
ac-
i
ex-
A SOLDIER’S DEATH
him

A party of bearers with a stretcher came to take one of us back, and
tho moat dangerous upon them taking him in first and then returning for However, they did not return ail that night; but on the following morning f was
party and taken back to where tho wounded were collected to wait my turn to be attended to by the doc-My turn came at last, and after examining my wounds ho, without much ado, proceeded to amputate my leg.
While lying where I had boon operated upon I saw a party of bearers bringing in another wounded man, whom they placed beside me tired that his right arm was broken
evidently smashed
shell, for ho was also wounded in tho side and had a dreadful wound in
the thigh from an explosive bullet. Something familipr In his appearance attracted me, ami, âftêr srtmô minutes, I recognized in the sorely wounded friend.
eyes being fixed on his wounded arm, with much tho same Expression as I have seen in the
as his was wound I insisted
Two francs !" exclaimed tho
« i
ra-
me
found by a search
No," said the counsel ; “two
• i
tor
In Japan, most of the horses are shod with straw. Even thu clumsiest of cart horses wear straw shoes. In their cases the shoes are tied
rope,
rice
The handle pushed clear around. ^Ikon-coated cats as drawing-room | sol0 tor thc foot about haU an iuch
tie warm, soapy water in them, (he full power of the current is at r" s* 1Jow l6ng tho babie8 Will rule Shako well, then rinse in clear water worjc ah(j
and turn upside down to drain.
The white of an egg added to i the	__	__
maslied potatoes will render thorn a around too far at first
I no-
BA DIES THE FASHION
by a bursting
4	, .thick. These soles cost about a
car guts a JO-mile-an- ’ an ' but al /)rcsent lbcy I halfpenny per pair, and when they
Sometimes uearinS Oj0 crown of popularity. are worn out they arc thrown away, pulls his handle ,u,u aro three bright children in i Every cart has a stock of fresh new
tlie Palace of the I rmccss of Wales— shoes tied to tho horse or to	the
two boys and a flaxen curly-lmired ; fronl of the cart, and in Japan it little girl. I huso tots were left behind when tho Prince and Princess
hour clip very easily i motorman
man my young Colonial lie did not noVce me, his
mayonnaise dressing; garnish with White celery leaves.
• Quick Coffee Cakes—One cup of su gar, two eggs, one half cup of butter one pint of milk, three tcaspoonsful of baking powder sifted into enough Hour to make a batter as stiff os Cftko batter. Pour into a welhgreas-ett baking pan, sprinkle melted butter, sugar and cinnamon on the top and bake for half an hour. Servo
inwwvu puvauuva	luuuti «.un, » around too far at first. Then too
. more valuable food, because the egg many teeth com3 together, the will supply those elements of nutrition in which tho -potatoes are do?
Helent.
car
jumps, tho passengers are yanked backward and are likely to say various things which wouldn’t sound well in rclined society.
The second and smaller handle on tho top of the controller is only to control the machinery of the car so as to run it forward or backward
was formerly tho custom to measure distances largely by the number of went on the great colonial tour from horseshoes it took to cover it. So which they but recently returned, many horseshoes made a day's jour* Aml when they came homo the glad ney, and tho average shoo lasted for welcome the royal mother received about eight toiled of travel, from her three children was so touching that tho whole nation was put into a sympathetic mood
EYES OF A STRICKEN DEER.
A sergeant of the Australian ambulance soon came to render aid to tho wounded trooper, who, looking up, seemed to recognize the sergeant, for his eyes brightened as he looked eagerly at him and found him to be an old friend from Australia. When the sergeant got beside him he looked up into his face and said:—
Halloa, George, I did not expect. 11 j to see you livre
George—“And I am truly sorry to meet you under such distressing circumstances."
Patient—“Do you think there is any hope for me, George?
Tho sergeant looked in his eyes and felt his pulse, and very sorrowful'/— the tears he was unable to restrain filling his eyes—answered:	“I am
afraid there is no hope, old man. Is there anything I can do for you? And if there is anything you wish mo write homo to your friends, I solemnly promise you I will carry out your wishes."
The young follow shook his head and remarked: “I have no one in tho wide world now to care for me, but will soon, 4. pray, meet my dear mother. Let me lie quiet now!"
As he was sinking fast the sergeant asked him if he would like a drink. Ho merely moved his head, fixing his eyes on his poor, shattered arm, and softly whispering the words: “Mother? Mother! I am coming," passed quietly away.
STRANGE RAILWAYS.
The world's strangest railways are to be found principally in India, America, Switzerland and Ireland.
TOO PATRIOTIC.
Now tho
Princess is rarely seen without hav-From the controller tho electricity ing ene or more of her babies with passes to tho motors, one on each her. axlo. For the eight-wheel car there
I The Loup at “Agony Point," on tho Nut Patties—Lino patty pans with 'Darjeeling Railway, India. is
ft rich pie dough and bake. Fill thought to be the sharpest curve in tlHMu with the following nut filling, the world; while Mount Itigi, Swib-
One pint of milk, two eggs, one zerland, has no fctffcr than three rail- I are four motors of 30 horse-power or ounce of flour, three ounces of sugar, ways to its summit. When the l^O-horse-power in all. Tho general one cup of finely chopped nuts. Beat Jungfrau Railway is completed it appearance of tho motor has been de-th(- eggs well and add to the milk. wjR be tho most remarkable one in scribed above, as resembling a bij
Moisten tho Hour in a little cold the world. Its highest station will | flattened basket.	 J
milk, add it with sugar to the mix-1 be 18,068 feet above sea level and turc. Cook until it thickens,
ARMATURE AND COMMUTATOR
Patrick had worked hard all his days, but his sons had spent his < money for him, and when he was toy ‘ old for active work, ho was offered | tho position of crossing-tender at small railroad station.
Ho looked dubious as the duties of Dr. Filz, the lending German statis- office were explained to him, and ticiiui, is satisfied, after many years tho morning of the various flogs of collecting materials that married was clearly stated, persons live longer than single per- "In c*80 of danger, with a train sons. The death rate among mar- c<>ming, of course you wave the red
flag," said his friend, proceeding
* «
—o
# 9
MARRIAGE PROLONGS LIFE
The outside, known as tho "frame
1	I II	I ¦then the cost of this railway will bo is in halves, and the lower half may
add the chopped nuts. Fill the pat- about $2,000,000. Of American rail- be swung downward to permit of in-
ty shells cover each with a merin- ways tho strangest is at Cripple spection or repairs of the inclosed riod persons between 20 and 80
rue.. Brown lightly in tho oven. Crock, where tho great timber très- machinery. The frame is cast of years of ago is 0.7 per thousand un- with his explanation. A hard old I his is sufficient for twelve patties, tie over which tho train has to pass soft steel of high magnetic perinea^ married 8.4; between 30 and 40 hand grasped his arm.
in following exact receipts it is jn crossing a chasm Is so curved bilily. Within the frame arc two married, O.l unmarried 15 8 bi>- "Man dear, it'll never do," said tvi t to wc,gh thc mgredieuts. that the line is made to tip inward- “fields," also tho armature and tho tween 40 and 60 married 14 2 un- PaLrick» shaking his head solemnly When scales are not at hand a rough jyf and [he sensation is terrible to commutator. These terms are pos- married, 26.5; from 60 to 60 mar- * could never trust rocsilf to reestimate of weight may be gained by the traveller on a fast train; while sibly unfamiliar to some and a word riod, 24; unmarried 42* between 60 mimbcr to wav0 a rod flag whm 1 to tho following measures: A teaspoon- jn Ireland there is a curious single of explanation may bo well.	and 70 the prooortiôns iire married thero was a grecn Wau handy
ful of salt, a teaspoonful of brown ,ine railway at Listowcl.	A field Is only a large magnet made 45, unmarried 71 These n™
m	a	— •—	sr sir is-s.-.srsr
quart of flour, a quart of butter and TiîE SECRET OF WARM FEET. Mn the top half of tho motor-frame fifths less than of unmarried
uses mmmmm
mmmmm
sole, which In its evaporation at>-1 qultc smooth' etracts the heat from the foot and thus dangerously checks perspiration. ' à
9 9
# 9

9 #
111
UNDER COVER OF DARKNESS
The ! The minister of a certain parish was going from home, and procured the clergyman of the neighboring parish to officiate on Sunday. His servant, who was also the beadle, was sent over to the station to drive the reverend gentleman to tho manse.
When the train arrived the beadle asked him to wait a while, as he had some messages to do before he went. It was two hours before ho returned. Tho good man was furious and threatened to report him to his master.
WeoK sir, ye can dee that if yc
LOAN BANKS ,N ROMAN,A. ^ £ SgVZt
A movement has been set on foot afore 1 drove y grower ; for if the Adjoining the armature and fitted | to start loan banks for workmen folk o’ the village saw wha was to on its shaft is the commutator, and others in 'Roumania. These preach the morn nobody wad about ten inches wide, resembling a banks have been eminently successful oot ava." copper wheel and made up of sog- in Galicia and elsewhere. They help meats of copper, all insulated one ! People without pauperizing them, from another. Tho wires from the They help the workmen to buy tools
armature pass to the commutator, iûad ^	r0ML,0nt ln Some benevolent lawyers in Edin-
whoao only purpose is to keep the jvl,lagcs t0 procuro cows‘	burgh established , last year what
electrical current flowing in one dl-	-------+------- they call a "Legal Dispensary,"
rection. At tho other end of tho ar- **I say, is this hero tho novel you where legal advice is given gratuit-maturo shaft, opposite from the com- advised me to read ?" said the cab- ously to poor persons. The first an-mutator, is a cog wheel which works man to the librarian. "Yes. re- nual report shows that 206 persons into a corresponding wheel on the j plied the librarian. "That’s the have been advised, of whom 118 car axle, and turns it as the arma-1 one." "Well," said the cabman, were women and eighty-eight men. turo revolves.	s "you can Just take it back. There's In one matrimonial dispute the
Tho armature Is not touched by ; nine people in the first four chapters "Legal Dispensary" was resorted to any of the wises carrying the electri- who hired cabs, and each of 'em by both the husband and the wife, city, but is simidv a "magnetic when ho got out, ‘flung his purse to The "Inégal Dispensary" listened to field" between the two iron fields the driver.' Now, when I want that tho wrongs and difficulties of bus-above described. One of those is the sort of literature I'll go to Jules band ami wife and advised them innorth and the other the south pole. I Verne and get it pure."	dependently.
average life of tho unmarried person who passes 31 is 58.0, of the married 64.4.
A CURE FOR SMALLPOX.
One ounce of pure ^reara of tartar dissolved in a pint of boiling water lot cool, and drink at intervals. To those suffering from smallpox it is on excellent and never-failing help to recovery, and an aid to prevent tedious lingering.
» i
FOR STOUT WOMEN.
It has been discovered that a double chin can be banished by correct breathing. The woman with a short neck must hold her head high, even ¦trotching her neck until conscious of the tension of the cords should also practice dropping her head and lotting It roll listlessly
poise to tho head, and the exorcise of muscles will help consume the extra amount of fat. Lung exercises ^he town father# of Rouen m breathing are the best cure for bewi pu^ ^to an awkward position excessive stoutness. Tho host time by tho *111 Qf one of its millionaires, for UUs is before dressing in the wbo ieft his fortune to the munlclpal-oiorniog and after undressing at jty Qn tho condition that every year aJght. Five or ten minutes exercise a couple of giants, whose offspring every day will reduce the flesh in a are most likely to bo of such physl-wontlorfcilly short time. Stand erect, caj perfection a# to improve tho with the head and chin well up, and French race, are to receive a prize of riso upon the toes at each aspira- $25,000 a# marriage portion. There tion, holding the breath a moment, &r@ plenty of candidates for this then expelling it forcibly and com- magnificent dot already forthcoming. Pietely, coming down, upon the heels One is a policeman of enormous pro-xt the same time Another good portions, aged twaaty-soven, who has breatlnr.g exercise is to draw in a never kno* t a day’s illness ¦
ITALIAN SIGNALMAN
A signalman in Italy has a remarkably easy time of it compared with his British brethren of course, partly due to the greater leisureness of railway traffic in the turn I'eniusulu, hut is partly, also, the outcome of the conditions under which he is required or permitted to ply his calling. He ik always married—if lie were a bachelor ho would not be employed—and his little cabin beside the railway is also his homo. He is free during the day time, at least, to engage in any other occupation he may desire; when a train passes his wife puts on his hat—an official covering— and goes out to give dhe necessary signal with tho flag. The wages amount to about thirty cents a day
i f
This is
She
This will give a grace/
A LEGAL DISPENSARY
A VRJZB FOR GIANTS
have
Every man, woman ind child in England spends, on an awege, $5 a year on furniture.
###PAGE###8###
À béent
Absentee
Nom <le la Munici palite*.
Nom sur le Role
'f
F
;
Name on Assessment Roi)
Name of M un ici pality.
WILLIAM êsSx'a-ïrssssssasssi-
Bryson, 6 janvier, 1902. Bryson, 6th January, 1902.
30	4 70
4 40
11
99
5
Spinks Alexander......
Davis Edward..........
Davidson Stewart........
Gagnon Joseph.........
Murray John H.........
Rattray Mme—Mrs.D. M Rattray Mme—Mrs. D. M
Allan Murray.........

6 50
6 60
29, 30
296
A
Van ton de—Township of Pontefract
90	1 95
30	2 45
1 65
12
99
6
2 15
35
2
5
1 20 20 20 ..... 15 00
10 OO 9 00 ....... 15 00
29 Coté N O—N W side Mill St 27 Coté N O—N W side Mill St 40 Coté S E—S E s. Church St
{
Village de—village of Portage du Fort
Village de—village of Shaw ville...........
86 x 142 86 x 142
5 00
5 00
13 65
12 33	1 22
Lot do village 66 x 99 pieds ; horné au sud et est par le turrain de James L. Shaw. à l’ouest par le terrain de John A Beckett, et ou nord par la rue Court Est, situé au coté sud de la rue Court Est et connu comme parti de lot 8, rang 6, Clarendon. —Village lot 66 x 99 feet ; bounded on south and east by land of Jas L. Shaw, on west by laud of John A. Beckett, and north by Court street East, situate on south side of Court street, east and known as part of lot 8, range 6, Clarendon.
Canton de—Township of Sheen.........
3 10	16 24
100	4 85	8 29
8
5
Bertrand William
Loger Richard.., Riley James H Hazard Richard..
15 78 25 76 13 20
85 12 10 3 68 175 16 65 9 11 105 8 40 4 80
12
1
{
Canton de—Town ship of Thorne..
Canton de—Township of Waltham........
1, 2
4
Partie—Front part 9, 10
>
19 00
113	10 80	8 20
6
6
A
Walter Findlay
Borné comme suit ; au nord par le chemin public et le chemin
de for P sud par le restant du lot 6, a l’ouest par la ligne entre les lots numéros 6 et 5, rang A, Canton de Waltham.—Bounded as follows : north by the public road and P. P. J. railway line, east and south by . remainder of lot 6, west by side line between lot 6 and 6, range A, Waltham.
*
J., à 1 est et ou
S i 15 S i 12
15 a et— and 15 h 90
8
Craig William John Gorman Dennis....
3 65
Canton de—Town ship of Onslow..
3 65
4 12
4 12
12 a
13
100
41 A
6
i
77
( i Gagnon John..........
Canton de—Town-1 Gagnon John................
ship of Chichester | Longpve Jules.......
Landon Horace..........
Armitage William.......
Laughran iWph..........
• • \ , Watson Alexander....
f 'Belanger William......
-J Gilpin Joseph.........
{ Leggo Herbert..........
Clark John C...........
Hér de feu—Heirs of late Archibald Campbell....
8 50	4 40	3 00	15 90
42 A
77
6
5 00
1 75
3 25
7
3
88
6 10	3 verges el 5 perches—
3 roods and 5 perches,
4 60
22 J 3r&5p	1 50
1
10 70	57	13 87
5 75
10 00
2 60
7 N W-0 A of-de-S W i 12
¦ I H B N E À 24 ............
9 Partie 8 O de — Pt of S W j 9
50
f
7 63
Canton de—Town of Clarendon
1 88
100
U
15 00
5 00
50
10 50
4 50
C 00
47
100
4
1 50
1 60
Canton de—Town of Leslie....
20, 21 200 .................
14, 15	200	4 90
2
7 13
2 23
5
!
18	5 05

4 87
. Front i . Front i Arriéré—Hear A 14 Arriéré-Rear I 15
13, 14
21, 22
200
1
5 25
2 25
{s
200
30
30
100
30
30
106
.... 14 05 28 4 64 70 7 90
9 75	4 30
Canton de-Town-l DeZuuche Mme-Mr* F.C ship of Litchfield Horner William James
20
7
200
4 36
S E J 28
F j 8
N E i 10
6
100
7 20
1
40
i Moorhead Robert - Carmichael Duncan—Hér 1 teurs de—heirs of
24	3 84
3 60
1
1O0
200	18 7f>	7 95	2 00	28 SO Absent—Absentee
7 80	10 43	1 00	20 13
7, 8
O —W
Whitmore Win. II ( Marion Octave....
Canton de—Town- i ship of Allumette ’
Island..........
Village de—of Bryson Moorhead Robert
• i
5
100
5
9 58
9 58
4 coté 0—4 W side Main street
55 11
24 92
97 34 20 20 91 m 20 62 4 30 25 3 26 1 50
Parti ouest—West paît 14
1
'S. —S N-N
Canton vie—Town- f Ouellette F. X.. ship of Calumet Laporte William Island..........[ Lachance Xaxier
F
4 76
27
33	2 92 Absent—Absentee
2 59
100
Sud-South & 46, 47
o
Burris Robert,... Laundry Thomas, laundry Olivier.. Laundry William Seaman Samuel..

60
II
60
{
100
42
3
2 40
II
II
Canton de—Town
of A Id held].
2 40
100
3
43
1 20
1 20
100
3
44
93
:u
60
Sud —South I 47, 48
100
4
Piovince of Quebec,
Office of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac
1st Division.
Province de Quebec,
Bureau du Conseil Municipal du Comte de Pontiac,
1ère Division.
Je donne avis par le présent que les terres ci après décrites seront vendues per encan public, A la salle du comté de Pontiac, au ullage de Brvson, SlERCREDI, le CINQUIEME jour de Mars prochain, a 1)I\ heures de 1 avant-midi, pour cotisations et frais mentionnés sur le differents lots et parties de lots ci-aprvs décrits à moins que les dites cotisa lions ne me soient payées, avec les frais encourus, avant le jour fixé
pour le vente.
1 hereby give notice that lands hereinafter mentioned will be Sold »y public auction, at the Council Hall, in the village of Bryson, on WEDNESDAY, the FIFTH day of MARCH next, at TEN o’clock in the forenoon, for the assessments and costs due to the municiualitiee hereinafter mentioned, upon the several lots or parts of lots hereinafter described, unless the saihe be paid to me, with costs before the afore men tientd day of sale.
COUNTY SALE OF LAND FOR TAXES
r
BARGAINS I
Ks
You’d hardly thinK it, yet it is quite true tl|at
p?’’
Attend
McGUIRE, THE TAILOR,
STEWART’S
will make it interesting for
anyone in need of a suit or overcoat during January.
Midwinter Sale of
Boots, Overshoes, Rubbers
Mitts, Gloves, Moccasins and Felt Goods
now going on.
P. S.—Fit guaranted.


•^x








:
?
?
*
)
l



	


E. HUDGINS A SON’S A DVT.
Farmers’ Special.
We have received a choice lot of
HOME CHOWN CLOVER SEED
which we can offer as being absolutely free from all foul seeds. This is the first time in our long experience that we can guarantee the purity and vitality of clover seed. This seed was grown on the farm of Mr. Wm. Adam Hodgins, of 5th Line of Clarendon, and threshed and cleaned with great care. We are booking orders for this seed at 10& cents a pound. We would advise you to place your orders at once as this seed is going to be in great demand.
/
Any customer requiring special seed can place
their order with ue, and we will purchase the
most reliable grades. Already we have orders for 50 lbs. White Clover and 26 lbs. Alfalfa Clover.
E. HODGINS & SON
B
Selling Out I
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Go !
We Mean Business !
ARMSTRONG BROS

LADYSMITH.
J
Reliability !
;
There is nothing on the face of the earth in which it is easier to be deceived than in jewellery. The public know nothing about jewellery and are just as liable to buy a poor as a good article if left to themselves. Their only safeguard is to buy from a reliable jeweller to whom they can return the goods if not satisfactory. Don’t bh deceived by the shine of the article and remember that no one sells good dollars for 75 cents.
A
tl
h
tl
Fj
in
c<
b
it
ht
mi
Tl
Ml
th
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
eff
no
toi
ou
eu
y
K
Mi
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
wa
upc
MAIN STREET - - - - SHAwYILLB.

	

i


mküM
* r

V
>
Total
Costs
Frai»
Taxes Municipales. Municipal Taxes.
School Taxes
Taxes d’écoles
Extent
Etendue
Cadastral No.
No. du Cadastre
r
