###PAGE###1###
r
¦ • •j.mrf t
Ï %
r



*!-C
V









* It

<

' <
No. 14.—191 ii Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, SEPT 26, 1901.
$1.00 a Yeah
•t
in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
LOCALS THAT PAY
Sixty pairs Oil-tan Moccasin* just In All No. stock, at Stewart‘a-the Shaw ville Boot and Shoe Store,
*uu?TJe,,Catt/ *»,prepared to fill „tra« ! ickh at 1.) cents Apiece or two for
Good. Fresh Lime fur .Storey's, Clarendon Front.
id nm . Capital subscribed Capita) paid up
licit rr-...........
OTTAWA, CANADA
..........#1,004.900
......... 1,091,940
......... 1,ÜW),455,
cent*, it Hubert
AUTUMN.
• OF CANADA.
I capital - - - $0,000,000.
ES-IK^KiR; | RESERVE FUND,
Studio, Pontiac House. Our cabinet* compete with any In the cit£N both In price and finish ¦	'
Board of Director»
The lies!, (r ran by Rubber, for man, woman or child-in any size or shape at otewart h.
a trial sol-11. IM ISON.

GEO RO F BURN, D. M. F1NN1B
Ornerai Manager .. .. Manager
The steady progress of our business in all departments is positive proof that business methods are right and that goods are always the best in the market.
Having ah office fitted with the latest I If you want photos taken of your chil-aml most approved dental appliances, dren I advise you to take them early in Dr. MacGregor in in a position to render L,	1 can Kive you better satlsfac
the moat effective service to patients. tton*	H. Imison.
Money loaned on approved eeeurlty at I Rooms over Budd’s Drugstore, Arnprior.	Enlargements.—Think what you are
reasonable rates.	I A call solicited.	buying, who you are buying from, what
| vou «re payingand what value you receive.
Farmer* notes bought and collected.	Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, wifi i r 'ïv*k w.? guarantee or money refund
Money troniferred to all parte of the world, beat Bryson the first week of each fiu tk V’°? (0"lp,(^e fr?med, P°r
month ; Campbell’s Bay the second ; Fort £han<l	* ‘P'h
Vou lunge the third ; and Shaw ville the |	__________________________
fourth week.	-----------

Bran; he#;
IN ONTARIO
Keewatm. Kemptr lie,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
KIIAWYILLE BRANCH,
our
Alexandria,
Amprior,
Avonmore,
Bracebrtdgn,
Carleton
Lanark,
Parry Sound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winvlieeter,
do Bank St. Renfrew dn Rideau 8L Toronto,
our
H

_ PUmi, I ___________¦ _ _ _ ¦
Hawknrtmry, Vanktwk Hill, Swith’a Falls
IN MANITOBA :
^OOOO^
SAVINGS BANK.
Ihmphln
Winnipeg,
* Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC;
Hull,
Shawintgan Kalla.
Agrnte In Canada, New York and Cbicago-tktak of Montreal.
Agente In St. Paul—Merchant! Nat Bank. Agents In London, EAg.—Parra Bank Ltd.
In view of the increasing popularity of Tailor-made Costumes we are giving special attention to this department, We are showing for Fall and Winter trade splendid range of
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
OririCK Hours .
Saturdays . .
PERSONAL
Montres!,
Lsrliute
10 A.M.ToS P.M
tying rare skill with needle and brush, am Rev Mr Nesbitt, had a visit last week well am an attractive exhibit of the more from him father and mother, Mr and Mrs substantial articles of domestic nianufac- I John Nesbitt of March.
Manager, turf, all combining to show that the la
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER,
a
,	,	,	. . Mr. L. Richardson, is home from Forest
diem are keeping alive an active spirit River, where he has been since last April.
of competitive sea'. A display of phot a Poor health obliged him to return home.
mmm
Increased Entries I 'eectlon)» formed a pleasing and attractive
Large Attendmme*! ^djunct to the a t department. On this I At River Desert, Que., on Sept, 8th, --o—	t‘ie _D. W. Karn Company, |to Mr. and Mrs. John FosterJ
EÉÉSP ESsSEêee:: pSSSi
NoTint.- A meeting of the Pontiac ed thémaehree ef a brief respite irow the society have reason to feel fairly well At the resUcnceHfthe hridc’s parents Teacher’s Association will be held in	°f the harvest field. Not with* satisfvd with the result of their efforts Fort Coulonge, on Wednesday 18th Sent!
Shawville Academy no Saturday Sept. sf*uding the counter attractions of the this year, and we believe the success thus by the Rev. J A Redder Mr W T R 28th, at 2. SO p. in AH teacher’s and Central Canada exhibition then in pro- achieved will sfimuhte them to increased Conn. Ashton,* Ont., to’ Miss M E.
others interested in educa*ion are cordi* 8vess m Ottawa, people found time energy and zeal i i taking up and carry- Moor*head. Fort Coulonge
to devote to their own local fair by fur- out the wo k that 1 es before them for	r
.	nishing a lar^e, praise-worthy exhibit, as the future.
kmm mm
* F	H soc,et>r*	attend»' a wat on the second day There enlargements a- avery low figure, in order
The Rev. Mr. Ireland, assistant to On entering the grounds this year the I was, consequently, very perceptible to introduce our “Oiletfcs,
Yen. Archdeacon Naylor, arrived at visitor would notice that some further j disappointment, becausear the conclusion fail to give our agents a sample order Shawville last week, and 1>egnn his min- equipments had been provtdad since the of the exhibition program proper, con- All work guaranteed, isterial duties en Sunday evening. The previous exhibition, notably a secretary’s siderable time was left which the crowd	The Canadian Art Co..
rev. gentleman has just recently return- office in plain view of eWryb dy, and expected would be tilled in by way of	Pembroke,	Ont.
•ed from England where he spent the where the presiding official could be foun 1 entertainment. The embarrassment of
w ithout a momeiv.’s ddajr. A re-arrang- the situation, however, was overcome in	F	...
neiee*! mm
issas-sy•j’stjæü,	...* - *—*	iti
ÿaerzzz:
lat^ncxt Marti.	going on of late years in this county. The Hamilton 2nd; J Davis 3rd	ÜJtlph’ üfltano-
The sale of King’s western horses held effect of this was seen most particularly, Froe For All-John Srn th is ; A. R here on Friday afternoon furnished » I perhaps, in the number and quality of j McGuire 2nd i Win McCoshe i 3rd whole lot of amusement for a crow d < J two-year old draft colts that were shown	athletic sports
sspgspÈSgS
in dead earnest, and.continued until near I flesh, stated that had some of those Running Long Jump.lj Quinn 1st
“ " " J. L. Walsh 3rd.
Throwing 16 lb, Shot—J. McCord 1st;
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Ladies’ Tailoring Fabrics
For Salk.—Two yearling undone 2year Oil P Foin ** ••
«old I .<• locators hire flams, pure bred and |	r	•• ••
registered. Cannot be beaten for size and quality In this section of the country be sola reasonable.
Apply to Alex. Eu.ictt, Sr.,1
Clarendon
Consisting of Broadcloths, Venetians, Friezes, Homespuns, Serges and Tweed Effects
in the latest shades.
Those Goods are the lat- I Stylish dressers cannot
afford to overlook
them.
Our French Blouse Flannels
In Plain Stripe and Embroidered Effects
are correct and great sellers.
Will
a son
On Monday Sept. 23rd. at tlje residence
est demands of
Fashion.
ally invited to be prewet
Have a looK through our Dress Goods Department. You will see New Goods and may pick up some useful information.
so do not
eummer months with his poents
J. H. SHAW
i
P. S. Ladies’ Mantles in a few days.
u
At Ottawa ? Why, of Course !
Ottawa’s two big events last week — the (.’entrai Canada Fair and the reception of the Duke and Duchess of Corn wall and York —were well attended by the people of Pontiac. Probably the largest representation fmin this section ever seen on the streets of the Capital
, «	«	..k , » •	,	.	-r	t ~ ,	, ... v,.-..™...	was present on Friday a*ten n, when
the attendance at the exhibition.	against the competitors at those ulaces. Running High Jump -R McTieman !the Pression and reception of the royal
Mr. \V. J. Lough, of Portée du fort, Miming from hd authority «uch as Mr. ist; T. H..bin 2nd; J. L. Walsh 3rd. ' I ''««tors took place on Parliament Hill,
WÈàmémàms.
venient as pm. In other respects also M 8 <*k. "'ft ofn.ee aty produce well «ar<,s	Fur the first time, perhaps in its his-
Mr. Jewell is making his new hostelry !’ret ammak; The shrinkage noticeable	- tory, the big fair had to take second
¦ ¦I	*	1 m stock exhibits when this pnne pie was Owing to the press of other business place in the interests of a great majority
first adopted a few yea,a ago, is now no upon the Secretary-who has Wen devofc of the people, although there were few Some of our citizens, who returned longer apparent, a fact which indicates ing the greater part of his time to the if any who went to the city with the ex from Ottawa by the night train on Fri- that t’;e county has unde gone a material work i f the exhibition of lat. j— he was press object of getting “a glimpse at day are bewailing the loss of sundry sums and satisfactory change in so far as the | unable to furnish us with a copy of th < royalty,” who did not also run out to the of money, which they claim was extract- influence of the society extends for the j list of successful prize winners for this fair grounds at least for a brief season, ed from their pockets during the rush to betterment of the farmer’s moth ds of issue. Next week, however, we shall ho that the Duke's visit was rather a Ward the electric ers at Sappers Bridge. bt ck-mising.	endeavor to supply it.	benefit than an obstacle to the success of
Mr. J. J. Muldoon, of Onslow, also An inspection of the ground floor of	¦ ¦¦	h® fair, as some of the management
reports that during the day he was re the exhibition hall, where the products I This report would be incomplete with assert. Having the advantage of a solid Iieved of $117 which a short time pro' i ()f gardellf field and dairy were t » be out some special reference to the marked ,wüe,K,	^ exhibition could
<ms v he had ârawn from tlie >;in/\ at seen< gave but little evidence of the degree of satisfaction given by the gen- hardly *rtl being successful, as it As the thieves Are believed to >e j^ought from w hich this district suffered tlemen who came here this ye r through .waH m	respect,	save only that a
of the professional class, there is little durmg lho month of juiy There was a the good offices of Mr. H. B. Cowan, of the 'a^r attendance was looked for, than prosit of the losers regaining their fine display of bright, full, clean Ottawa Journal, to act as judges of stock. 1 was valued.	I
wads	grain, while the varied exhibits under the All three gentlemen hive < stablishod a
PH arrived head of horticulture bore evidence of j reputation throughout the Dominion for I of theii annual subscription to the soli ere from Australia* few weeks ago to much skill and attention having been thoroughly understanding their work, and ieioty, and expressed a willingness to yisit hi® relatives, accompanied by his given given to their cultivation and b®iog disinterested jwirti s, are guided 1 add to their contributions if such men 'brother Ernie of C. B., dropped into production,	'	solely m their judgments, by the quali- ps these could be secured every year in
have a chat with The Equity on Monday. ^he dairy exhibit, including butter, | fyinV P,,into pcesessed by animals pre-i future. Thoroughly competent judges As John has been engaged in mining for cheese, honey, bread, pickles, etc., was J sente<* *or their inspection. To the or- simply leave no room for argument, when the past 15 years the conversation natur- one of the most attractive in the building 1 ,,irmry observer, who, perhaps, thinks pr ies are awarded according to merit, ally turned on that subject every phase And fujj„ u ^ standard of previous !1,0 !£T?0Wa about animals, some of the r and the marked absence of dissatisfaction of which he is familiar with. He thinks displays of this nature.	<1 cisions may appear unjust, but if he and grumbling which followed the work
that we Canadians are decidedly too slow j*-..	a.	! I0636*011 the jud8® thereon the latter will of those gentlemen, shows that they
in developing the great resources of our . , *	‘	nothin» t. i 800,1 convince him, provided he is open performed their work faithfully and well.
dred of millions of dollars that are locked e'trJ P	i instances arose at the fair here, with the ! thour, of Burford, Ont., judge of pigs
up in our banks were used in mining, <>nthe second floor of the building I result that seve al of our stock-raisers and l>cef cattle ; Mr. J. A. Hanmer, of (taper-making and other industries, lie wliwv the Indies held undisputed sway ns ; went away with the impression that ibey M unt Vernon, Ont f judge of dairy cat-thinks our country would be much more usual, thw was to ho senn » mulnru l had learned a few things that were wo tli , tie and sheep ; Mr. Standish, govern progressive tlian it is.	inous array of art productions, exempli j a good deal more to them than the oust (ment dairy inspector.
SOAP.
began, the fun set in no superior in Canada as a judge of horse- fijn 2nd• J
. ind;continued until near	flesh, stated that had	some of those	Running	... „
midnight. The event was considered	Clyde colts been shewn	at the big fairs	Tom Tobin	2nd
one of the	lutst entertainments of the	jn Toronto, Ottawa and	elsewhere, they	*,s,vw.u
reason, and	detracted not a little from	would bare had a good	winning chance	WMlmhlim	in,I
"--------- ------------—I against the competitors at those places 1	^
A good Soap is required in every home, but the kind needed cannot be picked anywhere. The soap that leaves the skin as perfect as it finds it is the only safe one to use.
We offer a Bargain in just such Soap.
As pure as any soap can be, no matter what it costs. \\ o bought a largo quantity and we are going to give you the benefit while it lasts.
In fact,
our
\

throughly up to-date
Olive Oil and Cucumber Soap—
Good value at 5c. ; our price 3 calces for 10c.
Madame LeRoy’s Complexion Soap—
Extra value a 5c. ; our price 10c. per box.
Pure White Castile Soap—
Imported direct from France and guaranteed to contain 60 p. c. of pure olive oil.
Mr. John MacFarlane, who
Our price 20c. per lb.
You cannot afford to ml
this chance of procuring a good Soap at a bargain, as we cannot duplicate these values.
THE DRUG STORE,
:.. Shawville, Que.

###PAGE###2###
«CS

r /
i






•4 » — —S
bird's range, and the «tory was of o prince who came from afar with hi« fair lady, their chleftaincss.
Tribo succeeded tribe. There entered the Ngatltawharoton, who live in the shadow of volcanoes on the shores of TaUpO Monnu
of Herculean mould—giants all.
BIANT WARRIORS DANCE
i the evening nows, and ascertained Â I exactly what had occurred. Mr. Surtees was already actually in gaol.
As they entered the empty, desolate house, Josephine, now realizing her father's absence for the first

I
x
x
*
V
HIS
x
X
MAORI TRIBESMEN ENTERTAIN HEIR TO THRONE.
The Untimely End of
ILL-GOTTEN f
? WEALTH.
X
They are
Descendants of Ferocious Races Give Weird Welcome to Their Guests.
•% | time, and the cause of it, fairly A broke down.
V	I She was still crying as though her
V	| heart would break when a loud ring * I was heard at the front door.
Who can it bo ?" asked Bob. Some message, perhaps, from (father,” said Josephine, hastily
and splendid savages In their rusti-ii>< llax kilts They wore led by To Heu-heu, grandson of the famous
Y
v
Joseph Levas,
s
Of all the strange sights and wonderful things provided for the enter-1 ^Ymiibnl cTiief of that name who, half tainment of the Duke and Duchess of L cullturv ago, doliod the powers of Cornwall and York on their world eftrih un(l water, and, tour of the British Colonies, perhaps front 0f hfe "whiuo.”
strangest and most wonderful | ulive in t|ie great landslide that filled
with a feather mat round his loins,
I ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ I I	the young chieftain stood facing his
Maoris, wrote a special correspondent tribesmen, a slender spear of light of the London Standard, who ac I lawu wood poised in unlifted hand, companies the Royal travellers. Two Tho gpoar whistled through the air generations ago they were the most ^ foil at their feet as To lleu-hcu warliko and ferocious race in the turilC(i am| ran with the speed of the world. War was their occupation wj|ld 0n hia fiy|ng heels rushed tho ami pastime, and they ate its vie- brftVea with a mighty shout, tuns. Rather than forego a light
they would give an exhausted enemy un‘(,“~ Ylivir tread food and ammunition. The late
Karl of Pembroke told a story of a ugKIXi M|, n „vwiiv .................
bought against the British	reaj war dunce, griumiociug
wildly, rolling their eyeballs and lolling out their tongues until they looked more like demons than men A little later, when To Heu-hou, ii , 4,	clothed, and in his right mind, went
rr,..n
deserved favorite of tho season and is becoming to by far the greater number of figures. The very pretty model shown includes a big fancy collar and is made of white India silk, with trimmings of live applique, shield and collar of loco, ami is worn with u big white ribbon bow and narrow black velvet necktie, but all soft, pliable materials are appropriate whether wool, silk or cotton, and the trimming can bo varied in many ways.
To cut this \rnist for a woman of medium size 4& yards material 21 inches wide, yards 27 inches wide, 22 yards 82 inches wide, or 2| yards 44 inches wide, will be requir-
„J8Ui l	with|h.“|*
• 1 hardly understand—I feel quite Itho Bunds of children and tho pas-1 called phrases through half-a-dozen dazed," replied Josephine, blankly. ls*on of men.
V
't
V
%
s
#e

i <
N
standing in was buried
« i
PRECEDING you, Mr. Surtees. V.ili you give me

OK
SYNOPSIS
CHAPTERS.—Securities vanish from your keys ? I mean the key#
---	m III shall Idoor 1111(1 introduced—
"Sir Richard Daunt."
"1 came on the moment I heard," said the young baronet, speaking in a quick, excited voice. "I
use,
the
were witnessed on their visit to tho the ravine Gf \\ftihl Maoris of New Zealand at Rotura.
They are a strange people, the
and Waldo, bankers
Scotland Yard is called in to solve went on "If you do not, 1 the mystery. There are two keys break open the locks. Tho warrant to tho strong-room—one held by Mr. authorizes us, you understand Waldo, partner, the other by Mr. Mr. Surtees, without a word of
k-5.	'= ""Si'jstr r„:rini .. - «*.« *. »...
phlno. He reproaches Dob. who is presence and that of competent per- p\. laps*	. â .
an extravagant subaltern with as- sons. Perhaps you two gentlemen , *J° *v0°u	what has occurred
pirations to the hand of Helena will assist ?" Mr. Faskc bowed to | ^xactl> ’ asked .1 osophine anxious-Waldo, for having consumed his sis- , the partners, who led the way to tho y tor's dowry to pay his gambling cashier's room.
debts. Surtees is suspected of tho j Mr. Surtees worked at a high desk
theft. A search-warrant is taken of tho conventional pattern. On,	. .	.	.. . .
out against him.	^ each side of the seat were drawers, [V 1S<^S . 10 would iauV®,, 8ad;
some locked, some open, many of \\ 10 words scorned harsh about the
them crammed with papers, old let- aw.: nm ‘^y°u W|ll lot me 1 will
tors, and other litter, for tho cash- 6 ./ !y hop* .	..	.	,,
1er was not very methodical in his 'Vo must go to him at once,
Tlvj burlesque was an immense erne- habits, and this rubbish was the ao- 8Ai<1 ' oscpnme, with decision cess ; every one was talking about cumulât ion of wars.	I will want to sec us.
z	I
guests at the second and third per- ‘compelled to confess that so far he ltulway* ^ 8 a	1ate *or visi^ “Whv von fool " answered the as- ,,lis demoniacal dance.
sri'ïæ ... ¦**»«........................................ sut1 -...........................& •“»-
powers, were gathered together at Chiswick." he said to himself. *T V ou will tome with us « under her roof.	was wrong to suppose that tho man d°s.op "n0, aa f*"° looked at
rsurtws « £H,™£S£”s|ra; à-œasa srAzzcMigwAKr ¦-jwcTsaa-rat?	rsrir sv-sutd jus, *. pas? ute
piny bills «.	™.do «JlU». ™	1 rt-1	| «t Hot... », h.v, Item ! Sl»Vo.T	ÛZ
ses pw ppm
"Certainly ; they’ve got a till of missed.	"Friend !" ho cried, as he drew	barbarously clad, roaring and caper-	wa8	once	the	custom	in	hranee,
some kind ih the * East. Rich ns | "Yes ; those are my own. I thc swcct Sirl towards him. "Friend-	Ing like maniacs twisting their faces	when	a	guest	had	outstayed	his	wcl-
Rothschilds, 1 believe."	bought them years	ago to hold	as an	shiP is but a cold word	to express	showing the whites of their eyes, and	^	to	8Crve	him	with	a	cold
"1 thought so. Dut this name of	investment, as 1 can prove "	a11 Umt 1 fccl towards	you.	Be-	lolling out their tongues, were people	shoulder of mutton	instead	of a	hot
sssr&z .rrssr —- -• , -r ,r "-riuti	1 - * *— hi“ -Mm -
bauk cashier.	"Well ?” asked Mr. Dandy at j	'	,	Duchess of Cornwall took their seats
Surtees, you see-Robert Surtees Iast	"My darling !” he whispered, os lna pavilion, and looked down upon
is the	name	of	the	thief,	lheso must "The chain of evidence is com- i *10 stooped	down and	kissed	her	the solid squares of Maori warriors
be..)f,,s	b.clorlHillS1'-, j	.	,, ,,	plete. Those bonds arc part of those | solemnly on	the lips.	I can wait.	and wahines, whoso custom in olden
1 hey re his children-that all. stolen. See-the numbers corns*- Meanwhile we will share this terrible da Waa to excito the men to frenzy.
I oor things	pond. There are one hundred of trouble together. My love shall .p^eir Royal Highnesses wore the emIn order to explain the paragraph them—22,905 to 23,004."	support and strengthen you ; yours	blems of chieftainship. Tho Duke's
in the Globe it is necessary to de- "Surely, Waldo, after this.” said wi“ l"ra and encourage me to spare	bow|er hnt wn3 decorated with the
scribe	what	had occurred that morn- Mr. Dandy, "you can have no doubt	no «prt in your behalf."	white tipped "hula” feathers of the
ing at	the	bank.	about Surtees ? Beyond all question Mush I Please let me go	:	here "rangatira,” or chief. Throe feath-
Soon after eleven a m. Mr. Dandy,	the miserable man	is guilty.”	IS Bob- and Josephine,	hastily	dis-	e|.g ndorned the fair hair of the
tlm senior partner had come in Ho	"What shall you	do now'?”	asked	engaging herself, ran	from	the	1)uches, nnd from hcr shoulders hung
was presently followed by Mr. Mr. Waldo, nervously.	™ra'	a beautiful "kiwi" mat, or mantle.
Paske. whose appearance was now "Take him to the Mansion House | Half an hour later brother, sister.	Tho compliment was hailed with depretty well known in the establish- and apply for his committal ; the inn<1 staunch friend reached the	„ ht and Bhouts ot welcome. Mr.
meat. Meggitt winked, and Mr. case is perfectly clmr lie will be B'oomy gatesi of the prison known as James CalToll, member of the House feu. tees, who was in lus own little sent to the House of Detention at thc House of Detention and after , Representatives and Minister of glass room, glanced up nervously at cierkenwetl, and hail refused. it some difficulty obtained permission Native Adairs, was master of cere-
the dotcctive as he passed through. you have uotlih.g more to say, gen- to ^ntcr the Sao1-	monies, and wore a dogskin mat over
Mr. Waldo, who was waiting in tlemen, 1 think I'll go ?”	They were escorted to a cell, hig rey sujt
tees turned very white, but, without ! u.ollK * this	they descried thc	un"	naked to the waist, with kilts ol
reply, rose and followed thc detec- °» unate cas,u<^r- .	,	dressed flax that surged and rattled,
tive officer out of ti,e bank. They	c Atvcry palnful 8^ene fo;lo4w,?d-	Mr	a waving of spears and battle axes,
both entered a cab at the door, and	! Sl",toes was gre,]L y ^*tated.	and Arawas and Ngahapas stood belt was driven away.	|,	1 innocent as tho child un- fore tho Prince-a rigid line of brown
By three that afternoon Mr. Sur-i	protested, speaking in a ^ red. The leaders, or "teko te-
tecs was lodged in Olcr ken well ^roken V0ice; a? though overcome by L .» stro(je jn front—stalwart sav-
Mother, nnd of their joy at seeing the strangers from afar. They are a musical people, I am told, but the note was wild and barbaric. And as they sang their brown bodies moved in unison, now leaping, now crouching, now retiring, now advancing.
X | The song ended in a long-drawn, gasping sigh, "Aue, aue, aue."
The Arawas lay on the ground silent. It was the turn of the Wang-anuis. A savage of herculean build dashed to the front, battle-axe in hand. Tho whites only of his eyes were visible, giving to his tattooed face a demoniac expression; his tongue hung out, and his appearance was that of fury. He shouted the first words of the war-song, and his j j tribe sprang from the ground. With I furious yet measured gesticulation, with horrid grimaces and wild cries from tattooed lips, the warriors danced, and their kirtles of flax made a rustling music to the swaying of their bodies. They ended with long sobbing "Sownh, so wall, sowah," like the moaning of the wind in a dark forest.
* SAVAGES IN FLAX KILTS.


I #
V

The earth trembled and thundered.
¦!¦. Halting as suddenly and uniformly as thoughi brought up by a stone wall, they
%
"In n vague way. That is why I came. You see 1 know all about these things—about" — "police and


at Waikato.
This savage warrior, who, doubtless, swallowed the eyes of his vanquished foes, and, having satisfied his cannibal appetite, "potted" thc
FANCY BLOUSE.
CHATTER X.
82 to 40 Inch Bust
Ho
next performance at Kew
»
Another noticeable trninformation ,»td I nowler n.id food..ho» could U,ey| Kei'”! ".'-"ô'«IWlî ’ îfm.ÿkilôucl
only Cored	“» """"	"" *
9 S
SLANG PHRASES
for Ages

il-
lustra tod
o
:
the most candid fashion
I
N

satin her entrance

I
and each man is a

k\
XX
I
1
To Kick tho Bucket."— This phrase dates back to the time of Queen Elizabeth. A shoemaker named Hawkins committed suicide by standing on a bucket placed on a table to raise himself to a convenient rafter. To kick the bucket was, of course, hi» last act on earth,
"Catching a Tartar."—During the war between Russia and tho Tartars a private soldier cried out: "Captain, 1 have caught a Tartar!" Tho officer ordered him to bring his prisoner forward. "Ho won't let me	I
tho soldier shouted'back, and inves- lection tnero tigation showed that tho Tartar	need,
London, a crowd of bootblacks al-	,	. .
These attendants at the guard	front. Tho bow includes turn-
mount have long gone by the name Qvcr portions> but i8 the same fam-
of black guards.	Mar friend. The belts are well
Deadhead. —In I ompeii people flUed and curve to the figure to give who gained admittance to an enter-	ccful outline. Tho plain and
tainment without paying ad miss on ,• (, d onC8 arc eminently sim-wero called deadheads, because the	but are stylish and fashionable
checks used for admission were small lftg *well Tho iacod bodice is cut in
ivory death's heads.	sections and fits to a nicety and can
be closed at back or front as preferred, made pointed or cutaway as illustrated.
To cut the stocks with ties in the different styles * yard of material 32 inches wide will be required. To cut the belts 1 yard 21 inches wide will be required.
i «
A STRANGE WILD SCENE
;
I
The sulphurous air and
i


STOCKS AND BELTS.
y
No woman ever yet possessed a sufficient number of stocks, ties and m I belts. No matter how largo her colis always room, and for the additional one and takes her fancy.

j

§



i •
individuality in the

for
tho
"Thank ye, sir," replied the detective, briefly. "Perhaps we had better get to business. Will you send for your cashier ?"
"You are determined, then, to proceed to extremities ?" asked Mr. Waldo, looking very unhappy.
Mr.- Faske turned to the partner as though appealing for support.
"Really, Waldo, wo have no alternative, 1 think," said Mr. Dandy, in a dry, hard voice. "The facts which Mr. Faske has brought to light, taken in connection with the other circumstances, afford a presumption, a very strong presumption
That Mr. Surtees did the trick, interrupted the detective ; "I'm as certain of it as that I’m standing here. But if he’s to be Tun in’ wo mustn't waste time. He’s had more than enough already to 'sling the swag.’
Tho four-in-hand model is
stitched bands and
i

This was the dire intelligence which had to be broken to his children. It was not strange that old Waldo, who came down on purpose to Kew, shrank from the task.
For some time he looked round in vain for tho two young people ; both for the moment were on the ,, stage.
! Presently Josephine came off, having said her say. Mr. Waldo went up to her at once.
My dear," he began, in such a kindly, compassionate tone, that Josephine, who had never exchanged
"Eh ?” inquired Mr Waldo la-	T,^\lTcoaZcZ.%::
Mr. Dandy, in reply, rang the bell. 1 “My fil,thcr ! it's something "You arc too good, Sir Richard. I "Mr. Surtees," lie began, speaking dreadful, I m sure," said Josephine, can never thank you sufficiently. You very very slowly, when the cashier	is ho	dcad 7 Tel1	mc-	Bo	not	keep	will prove	a	staunch champion,
came in, "it will be in	your	memory	,mcA in	suspense."	feel sure."	said the poor	prisoner
that some weeks ago a large parcel	^ la^ moment a passer-by blurt- Bob and Josephine echoed
of	bonds—Portuguese bonds—were ed out what Mr* Wa,do was trying expressions of gratitude ; then, with
abstrac—ahem—lost from the strong- to conceal-	many assurances of affection, and
room of the bank ?"	It’s all in the evening papers, I of faith in his innocence, they left
"Yes. unfortunately, I remember tcl1 you' and a,bad case too. The their father in his cell, it only too well," stammered Air. i man s namo is Surtees. He stole tho In the days following they had Surtees.	bonds	from the	bank,	and	they’ve	many more	interviews	with Mr.
"You remember, too,	that	at that	Jockcd	him UP "	Surtees. Sir	Richard.	too, enmo
lime you, with Mr. Waldo, lmd the 1 or a moment Josephine stared frequently, alone, or with the solid-custody of the keys of the strong aghast at thc speaker, then she hur- tor to whom, after much thought, room ?"	•	ried across to where Bob was now he had entrusted the case.
Mr. Surtees bowed.	standing laughing and talking with
"Before you go any further," H®l*na Waldo* ¥> . ,,	. t .
again interrupted Mr. Faske, "it is , ^omc jlome’ Bob, she whisper-right that Mr. Surtees should be ed hoarsely. This is no place for told he need not answer any ques- us—come home, come home..’ tions unless ho likes. Whatever he says now will be token down, and ed in may be used by-and-by."
Mr. Surtees turned very pale as he realized the meaning of this formula
"Is it possible, gentlemen, that the bank." you still suspect mc ?” he began. "Oh, Josephine, there must be
"I am afraid wc have very good some terrible mistake." grounds," replied Mr. Dandy, grave- "I can’t understand it. But it's
all in thc pa; s, they said—the
Foeke put up his hand as though [ namo and all," Josephine sobbed to checi any indiscretion, and said, * out. abruptly
"1 kha search-warrant against Tick that they got within radius of
t
wronged. "
It shall be rectified, rest assured," added Sir Richard.
"Appearances may be against me, but they can, they must, be explained away," went on Mr. Surtees.
"It is some infamous plot against your good name," said Bob, hotly Only let me find out the villains— "Trust to us," said Sir Richard, as the visit drew to a close, "everything possible shall be done. Your son and daughter allowed me to accompany them to-night because they know that I share their deep distress. You have my most sincere has sympathy, believe me, in this great I trial.”
i «



# #
WOLVES IN FRANCE.
According to the returns prepared by the Ministry of Agriculture tho number of wolves killed in France lust year was 115, of which one was a sho-wolf with young, fifty-two full-grown wolves, and sixty-two whelps, the amount paid away in premiums for their destruction being $1,570, at the rate of $30 for a she wolf with young, $16 for a full-grown
whelps.
law of 1882 instituting these premiums 8,981 wolves of all sorts have been killed, nnd a sum of $130,040 has been paid in rewards.
9 4
9 9
A WONDERFUL PEARL.
The most famous pearl discovered in Australia of late years is that known as the Southern Cross. It consists of a cluster of nine pearl# in tho shape of a crucifix, and is almost perfect in proportion, freak of nature was picked up at low water on tho Lacipcde Islands by a beachcomber named Clark ; it was last sold for $50,000.
9 9
either sex, and $8 for Since the passing of tho

This
these

DO NOT PULL PUPIL’S EARS.
Teachers in German schools havi been prohibited from pulling ear» of pupils. It is declared that many children have thus been rendered permanently deaf. It has been established also that a woman 38 years old, whose ear was pulled by a consumptive teacher during hei childhood, has suffered from a clear case of lupus ever since.
4
th#
The warriors now gave place to a troop of dusky, dark-eyed maidens. This was Mr. Levi Liljcarth, a whose black tresses hung like night gentleman of Hebrew extraction, over their plump shoulders. They who had made a great name and a were of tho A raw a tribe, and wore substantial fortune in Old Bailey blouses of kiwi feathers, with a blue practice. He was a thorn in thc sash. In each hand was a ball of side of every police magistrate, and flax tied with string looped round the had more than once, by his astute finger. The ball is the "poi,” and devices, upset tho most elaborate thc dance is famous throughout tho Treasury prosecutions.	Pacific as the pol dance. As they
But whenever Mj\ Liljcarth was drew near a hand of each girl rested employed It was understood that the lightly on the shoulder of her corn-case, taken on its merits, was weak, panion. Standing before the Royal
Be Continued)
3#

I

Il Al
i

&
"Whet does it all mean ?" he ask-utter bewilderment as they hurried from the house.
Josephine could hardly bring herself to repeat the infamous charge. "They say that father has robbed
FOR THE DEAF.
In a Ballarat (Australia) ehurd special accommodation le provided deaf worshippers, a diaphragm having been rigged ty of the pulpit, sound of the clergyman's voice 1# carried In tubes to the ears of eudr of his flock ns may be afflicted will a hardness of hearing.
F
pavilion, thy faced about and began tho dance. It was the very poetry of motion. In dreamy undulations their bodies swayed now to right, now to left, nôw backward, now forward, swinging tho pqis to the music of their song. Tho music was slow and I sweet, running through all tho song
for

up In the vicinin from which the

"Nora, now wud ye loike V hov a home of yer own?"
"Sure, Pat, Old loike it. Oi'm tired of bossln' other people's families!"
#y
Norway cuts 750,000 tons of ice a year, which is shared between England and Germany, England taking about 400,000 tons.

It was not until they reached Chis-

###PAGE###3###

f

I
%











CASE OF A HIGHLANDER
LIFE ON BRITISH WARSHIPS'
mnnoeuvre her in tactics as though
But let them ring the telegraph down to heedless ears, and the splendid fabric float» as helpless a» a log.
to western range horses was the way in which they were broken. They o Allowed to Min wild with the bunch until they were often four or live years old before they have a rope on them, It Is only natural that
animal should be nervous litre is the method of
PEOPLE WHO KILL DEATH
trade, dtpccially Ûlo-cuttlng, which Is done on slabs of lead.
The lead dust saturated the workmen, Idling their skins, eyes, and food with poison, and about 6.000 strong men died yearly Tu what should have been the prime of life
THROUGH THIS TRADE ALONE.
May no Edwards planned special workshops—he had been a working cutler himself before ho became a great employer—and laid down rules which should do away with the continual poisoning. It took him years of hard work and agitation to get the masters—and oven the men — to take up his methods, but he succeeded at Inst ; and though many of these trades are still dangerous, they lose fewer men than before the new system started a few years ago.
ITo also made the master wool-combers start "hygienic principles," and forced them to pay some attention to their workmen's health. Result—the mortality fell 66 per cent, at the end of the first year. Charles Reado. the novelist, gave a good deal of help here, too.
wore a vast toy

RESULTS Of A WOUND IN HEAD TfcOM BOER SHELL.
THEY HAVE REDUCED THE DEATH-RATE BY HALF.
TWENTY-FIVE FEET UNDER THE WATER LINE.
He Was Rendered Deaf anet Dumb and also Lost His Memary.
such an and wild
breaking: A rider govs end rounds up tho bunch and clinsos them into the
•MiliiBHIBHHiHHBH
and from a point in tho centre tho roper swings his lariat. Sometimes tho broncho has to be violently thrown before the saddle can bo add
mounts armed spurs, u contest ensues in which the horse bucks violently to get clear of a burden ho doesn't understand. Sometimes he will have to "break tie horsé's heart" to conquer him, then the result will be a dead head devoid of spirit.
It was suggested that more attention bo paid to the colts—that they should ho handled and petted when young and made to understand that men don't mean to injure them, thus greatly minimizing the trouble of breaking when the time came to sad-d o them.
Col. Dent said he didn’t know of any other country so admirably suited for horse raising as Alberta.
THUMB SIGNALS.
Specialists in nerve diseases by examination of the thumb can tell if the patient is alïcctcd or likely to bo ulTected by paralysis, as the thumb signals this trouble long before it is visible in any other part of the body tome :11 e evidenced then .m < i ¦ r. lion is performed on what is known as the "thumb centre" of the brain, and the disorder is often removed. The success of the operation can be told, too, by tho changed condition of the thumb. No matter how carefully the individual muy attempt to conceal incipient insanity, the thumb will reveal it one sure test daily work permits the thumb to stand at a right angle to the other fingers, or to fall listlessly into the palm, taking no part in his writing, his handling of things, his multiform duties, but standing isolated and sulky, it is an unanswerable confession of mental disease.
Marvellous Discoveries Have Worked Wonders in Saving
Life.
Some Details of the Work of the Men on Whom the Navy Must Depend.
In connection with the recent English naval munoouvres, the following description of life in the engine-room of a fast cruise given by Mr. Herbert Russell in the London Daily Express, will be found interesting.
"If you want to know what life in the engine-room on board a 20-knot cruise really means, come and stand a watch below."
Thus spoke tho first engineer of the Ariadne, as he and I leaned side by side over the rail watching the stately procession of battleships and cruisers bursting steaming clouds from their shearing bows as they moved In faultless array over the long blue Channel ridges flowing towards tho dim distance line of coast
And I went
One of the most remarkable cases on record is related by a gentleman in Boston who has Just returned from South Africa. It is that of a piper, serving with the Cordon Highlanders, who was rendered deaf and dumb and also lost his memory as the result of a shock caused by belli*; struck with a fragment of a 15-pound shell. The name of the injured man was Eraser, and it is said he is still undergoing treatment at the government hospital in Nctlcy, England.
The shell burst In the centre of the Gordon Highland Regiment during fight at Modder River and knocked over 21 men, 16 of whom were killed outright. Eraser was at first thought to be dead and was left lying on the battlefield until late at night, when ho was picked
There
hero the victim is selected
The death-rate Is being reduced so rapidly your by year through new Inventions and "health discoveries" at tho present that death, except by o'.d age or accident, will bo almost unknown before long. Over 150,000 lives ore saved yearly now that thirty years ago would have been unavoidably lost. A handful of men are killing death rapidly.
Professor Galbraith, by the outcome of his discovery and agitation, has saved tho lives of 10,670 British babies up to two years of age annually for tho past five years. Ho worked steadily for seven years, almost night and day,
TO DISCOVER AND PROVE
Jf tho danger symp-
Then tho broncho buster and with bit and
infallibly. It is the If the patient in his
the
t
up by an ambulance corps
big gash on the left side of the shull being smashed
tho deadliness of diseased milk; and, having found it, he invented tho remedy, which is a method of sterilization.
That method is used far and wide now, and the result has been that the "Infant mortality" rate dropped 20 per cent, at once, and Inter to 25 per cent. In other words the hidden death in milk killed 10,670 babies every year, and Galbraith ran that death to earth, and strangled it. In Berlin, where the use of sterilized milk for babies is compulsory, the reduction of the baby death-rate has reached 30 per cent ; but in Britain there is no compulsion.
This is very well for "one-year-olds"; but when a child reaches five now it has a forty per cent, better chance of living than it had seven ears ago, for Lindlcy Ward's "caron cure" for infantile lung affections which took him nine years to perfect, has lowered tho death-rate between five and ton years of age by 40 per cent, per annum, saving, on an average, 5,000 children per annum. increasing by 500 lives yearly, as tho population grows, and the
Five to ten was
was u the head.
BOMB WESTERN HORSES
INTO THE VITALS
in
Down into a roaring steel cavern; down and yet down, past darting DETECTIVE WORK IN AFRICA, cross-heads and flashing piston-rods;
past the vast fleeting arms of of metal which keep the crank shafts rhythmically pounding, and the Africa flinging link-work beating time
the measure of the i evolutions ; the air growing hotter and hotter and closer ; shadowy figures gliding stealthily about in the ruddy-tinged twilight ; a vague sense of wanting to turn back upon me at every step of the descent—and then I stand 25
feet below the water line, in the en- a new sport has just made gine room of this mighty, rushing very welcome appearance at Rant-fabric.	Ingh. It is a replica of the Indian
I hail heard much before I embark- pastime of pig-sticking—with sun-ed upon these manoeuvres of the (jry modifications. As the law During all this time he was unah o naval engineers ; of their obligations, would look sternly upon the utiliza- to hold any communication with the grievances, and the arduous con- tion of real live porkers in the sport nurses or attendants, and was ob-ditions of their vocation. But never an(j moreover, the ordinary domestic ligcd to make his wants known until this moment of standing be- p,g jS| fov obvious r«osons, not to best he could by pointing at vari-r.eath the vast, thundering heart relied upon to provide much fun, ous objects.
of the Ariadne did realization of the a stuffed animal is used.	As soon as he was able to he mov-
significance of it all dawn upon mo. This is attached by a long string ed he was sent to Bloemfontein and It was like a revelation to stand to the saddle of one of the players thence to Cape Town, and little )y there amid that din and clangor ; to (who takes somewhat tho same part little recovered the power of speech, hear the metallic pealing »f the as the "hare" in paperchasing), and His hearing, too, gradually return-bridge telegraph, and to witness a the rest pursue with the regulation ed, and then it was discovered t mt dingy-looking figure, by a movement “hog-spear."	his memory, up to the time he ie-
of his arm, arrest the whole throb- The object of the "pig" is to gained consciousness in the hospital, bing mass. A revelation, I say, not avoid tho hunters as long as pos- was a blanks lie failed to recognize because I did not know that all this sible, while they endeavor to obtain many of the members of the regiment existed down in the bowels of the the honor of "first spear." The with whom he had been on intimate mighty warship, but	because the	sport is	said to be almost	as excit-	terms, he could not	read	or write,
standing there among it	and watch-	tng as the real thing.	didn’t know his own	name, and wasj
ing it brought hoi^e a sense of the | Nor is this pastime the only thing unable to tell whether nis grants engineer's responsibility with a de- in games that India has given to were alive or not. gree of keenness which nothing short Englishmen. Polo, for instance, has The case excited a great deal or of the actual experience would | beun played on the Indian frontier attention among the hospital visit-achieve.	| from time immemorial. The name is ore, and every effort was made to
probably derived from the Thibetan bring a ray of light to the man a puplu"—a ball. It was first intro- darkened mind. A gun was taken to I was fortunate that	in standing	| duced	fnto England by	the 10th	his cot by a sergeant	who	ha«i
engine-room watch it	should have	Hussars	in 1871. In April	of	that	ed In his regiment,	but	he d'dn t
fallen to my lot to be on board a year the first polo match ever play- even know what it was, and looked high-speed cruiser of the largest and ed jn England	took place at on with amazement while the seriates t type. The Ariadne, with her Aldershot.	géant explained its use and the me-
”t‘ S.rZ'iSUT"™ I	THE INDIA N ORIGIN	«... J-*
120 revolutions per minute, her mass j of the gymkhana now so popular in a sight of the familiar bagpipe of auxiliary machinery, and her 30 England is betrayed by its name, might bring some train of recollec-Bellevillu boilers, is about as favor- j Ingenious minds arc always at work tion, and a piper was sent for. He able an example as 1 could have | devising new events calculated to examined the pipe with interest, but chosen for getting a brief, practical add interest to one of these meetings when asked if he knew what it was glimpse into the living reality of the One of the most amusing is the | slowly engineer's inner life.	"nock-tic race." For this each com-
It is not my purpose to give the petitor needs the assistance of a I ^ evidently enjoyed the music when fruits of my four-hours* spell below lady. Midway in the race each horse I	instrument was playing, but
great man dismounts, and has his tie ad- shoWed no recollection of even the
Abler justed for him by his fair friend- ^ost familiar tunes. When requested ; lithe start having been made with	if ht. collld „iav, lie at once
in hand-then remounts cggay£d to do so, but the attempt
ended in dismal failure.
gradually became
stronger another soldier in the hospital undertook to teach him to read and write. He was pleased when the idea was _ first suggested and worked hard, but the task was by no means an easy one, and his teacher was often _discouragcd to find that he had forgotten the meaning of many of the simplest words which had been explained to him on
the previous day.
When I last heard from him," said the gentleman who tells tho story, "lie had recovered sufficiently to be sent home to England for treatment. I talked with him at the dock at Cape Town the day he sailed, and he seemed like a fairly intelligent fellow, speaking with difficulty. however, like a very young
child troubled with a lisp.
He said his head troubled him at times, and the doctors had warned him against any unusual or violent exercise, but that he was determined as soon as his health would permit of hard work to set about and get an education over again."
On being removed to the hospital Fraser regained consciousness, was unable to articulate even simplest words, and the loudest failed to attract his attention.
but
A NEW ERA OPENED UP FOR THE NORTH-WEST.
WHERE GAMES COME FROM
the
Characteristic Illustration
Somali Justice.
The Somalis, & people of under British domination, and living along tho coast near tho borders of Abyssinia, arc an inert and not very Interesting race, but occasionally they wake up and exhibit u good deal of ingenuity and patience. The following story from Herbert Vivian's "Abyssinia" gives an illustration of Somali Justice.
A certain Russian complained that he had been robbed of a thousand dollars, and intimated that the money had disappeared when a British postman was passing. This insinuation put the British consul on him mettle, and he applied to tribes to discover tho culprit.
Of course it was understood that they should deal with tho robber according to their own customs ; for it is a point of pride with them to detect and punish crime, but not to deliver a criminal over to a stranger's hand.
Tho chiefs took the matter up at once, and were not long in tracing the crime to two discharged Somalis One had his share—five hundred dollars—still upon him, and was made to give it up at once. Ho had changed part of it into camels, but no matter ; it could be changed back again.
The other had buried his part in a^all sums all over the desert, but stoutly maintained his ignorance of .the whole affair. So the chiefs tied him to a tree and sat down to wait.
Time is not money in the desert, so they waited many days, giving the man just food enough to keep body and soul together.
After about a week he consented to indicate the locality of part of his hoard. He was taken to the place and made to dig it up. Then he was tied to another tree, and the chiefs awaited his pleasure. In process of time he revealed all his hiding-places save one, where his marks hud been destroyed by the elephants.
The work required patience ; the chiefs had to wait long intervals and traverse long distances before each new revelation, but in the end they
contrived to return all money save pens ¦	__.	___
ESScSf
JXSÏSZ----------------------tssrssnSrsas
which affect their calling, but they spot, and there endeavors to thread are not forbidden to answer ques- a needle with which he has been supplied at the starting-post.
And what I needle threaded successfully, he is at That short- | liberty to steer for the winning-post.
It should be noted that the needles be threaded
noise
The nurses then wrote several questions, but the look uf blank amazement on his face when they held before him led them to believe at first that he had lost his reason.
An intricate surgical operation way required to renew the broken fragments of bone, which were replaced by a silver plate, and for several weeks the wounded man hovered be-
Expcrts Who Know How to Detect a Flaw—Horses Passing
Muster.
to THE MANY SPORTS WHICH INDIA HAS GIVEN ENGLAND.
were
Col. Dent's recent visit, to Alberta to purchase horses for the British Army has opened up a new era for horse ranchers in the Northwest. A large market and good prices are now assured them.
Calgary was tho place where tho largest number were purchased about 600 beiix; bought there and the bulk of the others in the ranching districts to the south, High River and Mad cod and further east in the Medicine Hat country. On the days appointed for the sales riders behind fine bunches of horses were to be met on all tho trails leading to town, on their way to the grounds where the animals were to be examined and tested. It would take a pretty sharp man to get ahead of the British buyers, with their clever veterinary, experienced in "culling" the cavalry horses in South Africa He detected the least flaw at u glance western ranchers have the reputation of being pretty sharp on a horse deal, especially when tho buyer is from "down cast," but it is safe to say few defective animals were pawned off on the Government this time.
. HORSES PASSING "MUSTER."
Nearly All The Jolliest Games Were Started Amongst Anglo-Indians.
its
tween
LIFE AND DEATH
yb
as
the
cure progresses •in with a very low death-rate;
but
WHAT THERE WAS OF' IT
has been farther lowered by.nearly one-half, through the work of Lind-Icy Ward. He died eighteen months ago, without making a penny out of his discovery.
But Professor Morley Chambers, with his wonderful "oxygen-cure" discovery, has deprived death of 18,000 grown-up people yearly, increasing by 300 a year up to the present. A man who would, in the ordinary way, have been dead several days, iis kept alive by having the life-giving gas pumped into him; and not only kept alive, but given power to fight, and recover from his malady.
It will be remembered how Mr. Rudyard Kipling, whoso case a few years before would have been utterly hopeless, was kept alive, and made to finally recover from a mortal illness by this process. On an average there arc fifty people a day in Britain undergoing the wonderful cure, and cheating the death that nothing else could deprive of its victim. Besides the 18,000 adults, tho oxygen discovery rescues 000 babies yearly on a five years' average; and has, since its instalment six years ago, saved the lives of two monarchs,
Tho
It is another matter, however, to tell the disposition of a western range horse. On such an occasion as this he may bo "caught up" off the bald-headed prairie, where he has been running with the bunch, and with a little work be gentled down to look just a nicely spirited horse. An experienced rider will see that the back cinch of the saddle isn't girthed up tight, for then he would buck. Now, if ho doesn’t fehow tho whites of his eyes too much and snort, he will pass muster, tint woe betide the unfortunate "pilgrim" who tries to ride him—he will get "piled" sure. For a few vivid seconds the "rider" will hang to tho horn and "grab for the leather" as the horse with humped back and head between his legs "goes to it," and he looks for a soft spot on the ground.
Oh, he's plumb gentle as a kitten; never a buck in him; regular lady’s horse." The buyers look dubiou^ and smile at this assurance from a rider in high-heeled boots and spurs, who holds a wild-eyed cow pony by the reins
THE INNER LIFE.
4 i
an
I
SHOOK IITS HEAD
in a mere description of the gloomy
awe-tinged scene, than mine have done this
i «
&nd
HUNDREDS OF GREAT PERSONAGES.
As Fraser

A "death-rate," once bad, that is
scourge called "lupus," which only a -fct* Xrw months ago began to yield for the thm time in history to science. Last year, and throughout all time, there was nothing for a man or woman afflicted with lupus to expect but a slow and painful death a Danish professor, backed by Queen Alexandra, has already put all future eases of this fell disease beyond the power of doing serious harm. Tho wonderful "light cure" consists in flooding the patient with enormously powerful colored light from a large condenser, under which the germs of a malady cannot live.
It is only a question of money and of time to got apparatus enough to treat all comers, after which death by lupus will be a thing of tho past, for the cure cannot fail in the early
snuffed out is tho

"Well, show him off," they The "busier" swings smartly into the saddle us tho broncho swerves round, and with a tight rein the horse proceeds sideways, shieing and snorting at everything in sight. "Don’t pull so hard on that big Mexican bit or you will break his neck," thev shout. Of course, he is rejected. "That will do," he is told. Imagine poor Tommy Atkins mounted on such a brute! Horses of this kind are hot always freshly-broken bronchos, but arc just "onory," and remain so all their lives, acting thus when least expected. They arc known out west as mean horses and can never be trust-In some big bunches there are "outlaws," animals that nobody can ride.

¦ay
EXIT THE JOKER.
A laughable but rather embarrassing ease of mistaken identity occurred the other day at a large dry goods establishment. A gcntlc-who is a little too fond of joking entered the shop for the purpose of meeting his wife counter. Sure enough, a lady dressed, to his eye, at least, just like thy woman he was after.
Her back was turned and no one was neuf her ; so he quietly approached, took her by the arm, and said, in a voice of simulated verity
. "Well, here you arc, spending my money as usual, ch ?"
The face burned quickly towards him was not his wife’s ; it was that of an acrid, angry, keen-eyed woman of about fifty years, who attracted the attention of everybody in that part of tho store by saying, in a loud, shrill voice :
No, I ain't spending your money or no other man's money, and
I beg your pardon, madam, cried tho confused gentleman ; "I supposed you were my wife, and—
"Well, I just ain't your wife, nor no other man’s wife, thank fortune, to be jawed at every time I buy a yard of ribbon ! I pity your wife if you go round shaking her did me
The chagrined joker waited to hear no more, but made his way out of the shop, amid the titters and sly chuckles of those who had witnessed his confusion.
------»-------
RUSSIAN MAIDS OF HONOR.
The maids of honor of tho Empress of Russia are generally cruited from the daughters of superior officers of high Court functionaries and educated at special schools, where they are surrounded with the rigid etiquette in which their future lives must be passed. The pupils are all dressed alike in plain black.
tions
I asked and was told gathered
handedness is the pressing grievance of the whole branch. Contrast the must following futures if you would right- therefore, the temper of ones mount ly appreciate this condition.	is a thing to be considered ere enter-
On board the Ariadne we have one mg for this event. Moreover, fleet engineer, one chief engineer and a hard gallop one s fingers arc sel-threc assistant engineers, together | <'om in a condition to make the
with an engineer artificer
stokers in a watch as will
this
Dut
was
on horseback,
4 4
man
at a certain there stood
after
<
We have ! operation noticeably easy.
The "Victoria Cross" race is one of the most amusing events that a
. Each competitor on absurd dummy,
as many LI 1 ¦¦ 1 ¦ I
suffice to provide one man for every two boilers. On our legend speed gymkhana boasts
"rescued" ones arc made in the likeness of prominent personages of
el
rescue
11
BRANDED IN ARMY STYLE.
After the horses were bought they were branded in the usual army style with hot irons from a fire close at hianc:i
making things lively us the red hot ¦¦¦touched his hide. Two rope
stages.
One of the Reaper’s great weapons the common cold, as well as influenza, has been freed of its sting, and tho total death-rate forced down 7 per cent., by the advent of anAnoniât ed quinine. This drug, which was first put together by Finlay McLeod, sells to the tune of $500.000 worth yearly, though there is no patent, and is calculated to check about 3,000,000 cold and fever cases yearly
in their first stages.
A proportion of 80,000 of these, if
allowed to run their course, would
be fatal; and the pungent liquid that
was unknown not long ago, but is
now universally used, saves tjjAt
number of lives every year
these fatal cases, nearly half used to
in the
death is now

4 4
tarai
firemen ¦ ¦	¦¦¦up
racks." She will have practically no
?„“* ‘ as "a I ongs! io‘that* of ' a warship". | the day, as is sometimes done
but what will be the disproportion of her compliment ?
One horse objected strongly,
iron
horses and half a dozen men finally succeeded in flopping him over on his
MimÊlÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ^tÊÊÊfÊÊÊÊÊ^
again—just at ft criticaimi when everyone was dodging a whirlwind of hoofs, a nigger horseman, Arkansas George, jumped in and did the trick.
Ten >ears ago horse breeding was carried on on a big scale out west and splendid herds roamed the prairie, but it had a severe set back and most of the large bunches have disappeared.
There were some fine animals in the country in those days, but the price dropped so low that all profits vanished and men only thought of getting rid of their horses and investing in catt'e. During the past two or throe ye irs the price has risen rapidly until it is now very good. There i« a good demand for heavy work horses in Manitoba and the Edmonton farming country in addition to tho British Army as a permanent
TIIE HEIGHT OF BRITONS
THE ZOOLOGICAL RACE
Statistics have recently been collected of the height of 10,000 English boys and men. At the age of seventeen these averaged 5ft. 8in. ; at the ngc of twenty-two, 5 ft. 0 in. At seventeen they weighed 10st. 2!b; at the age of twenty-two, 10st. 131b. No nation is increasing in height and weight so rapidly as the British. In fifty years the average has gone up for the whole nation from 5ft. 7Jin. to 5ft. 8Jin. The average height of the British upper classes at thirty years of age is 5ft. 8Jin.; of the farm laborer, 5ft. 7 3-5 in. The criminal class brings down the ¦	¦ their height is but 5ft.
4 4
is somewhat different in character. Any animal may be entered for the contest, but is not to be guided by aught except voice of the owner. In a recent race of this kind the entries included a goat, a cock,
a ted in India. Finding that tennis palled on them, a couple of young officers up-country stuck a pole in the ground, and tied a piece of string to it with a tennis ball at the end. Then each endeavored by striking the ball with a tennis racquet to wind the string round the pole.
Turning to indoor games, ope of the most difficult ever invented hails from India, and is being played more and more in India, especially by those who have spent any time in tho East. It is called "pnr-cheesi" ; and so complicated is it that chess is said to be as simple as "noughts and crosses" beside it. It is played by two opponents as in
Then came the letting loose
moment
UNDERMANNED WARSHIPS
9 9
I’ll
British merchant
» 9
The average liner of 10,000 tons carries 12 engineers, and as nearly as possible double the number of firemen, relatively, body
carrying more
sary to adequately work their scls, the conclusion is certainly not very difficult to draw.
You particularly witness the effect
°f complement
during the stress of such a period as this, in a ship mobilized for tiie
I saw it at every turn

> *
an
like
9 9
If l was her I’d
Of
be people either young or prime of life, and	AH
cheated of 350,000 victims
of this shortness
average, as 5 4-5in.
FROM THIS SOURCE ALONE
Dr. Jenner and discovery is an old story n°w. it is worth noting that the death rate from the scourge of smallpox, which used to be 60,000 a year, has been brought down to 8,000 by it
52.000	lives a year thus bring saved by this one discovery. Altogether, since the system came into force, <>,-
200.000	people have been prevented from contracting the disease, who otherwise, in the nature of things, must have caught it—more than tla-whole population of London, that is
to say.	,¦¦¦
Twenty thousand	.
would die annually than a^ually do
nu t" h iT ' heaTtlï'p r i rici pleV' for wort-
manoeuvres
during my four hours’ watch below.
Tho « easel css hauling of the coal skids from tho bunkers, the clanging open of the fire doors in csidlcss succession, the unwearying shovelling, made me marvel at tho endurance of the steaming copper-faced men who could sustain that labor.
But what would it be in war ?
Forty feet down, betwixt the tiers of
groaning boilers,
among the whirling engines, hearing. C||0#B or draughts, but the board is the thunder of guns overhead, shak- extremely elaborate, and is in itself ing the ship to her very heart , ne er no mean study. Some of the parknowing whim a shell may LOU1' checsi boards possessed by Indian I	P	rending its way through or he c™s 1 princeft and rajahs arc well-nigh
right foot. The face, from the high- the ram send the whole fabric reer I priceless—gold,	silver,	and	precious
est point, of the forehead, where the ing to eternity—the mind seeking o	stones	being	among	tho materials	of
hair begin*, to the end of the chin, incarnate the very picture of hell is one tenth of the whole stature, could not figure a more luid, stitl-Tho hand, from the wrist to the end ing. deafening scene, of the middle finger, is also one- And the ship is m their hands.
o
the vaccination
an IMMENSE RESERVOIR
but
re-
Re pid progress is being made upon the new reservoirs at Staines, Middlesex, for the supply of London, and it is anticipated that they will be completed in about two years. The reservoirs are approximately four and a half miles in circumference. and their capacity will be 33,000,000,000 gallons, a sufficient supply to serve the district catered for by the water companies to whom they belong for 100 days. Vhe reservoirs will be supplied from the flood water of the Thames.
buyer.
Probably the best class/tf horses obtained in the Territories were those for mounted infantry purpose* —a good blocky type of cow-pony, generally recognized by the cow-boys as being the most enduring horse for a long ride and hard work on the round up.
Horses of this kind arc partly Indian and inherit all the hardy qualities of the little cnyuso with tho advantage of being considerably larger. A range rider will take one of these time in preference to a big
racking and
or
BODILY PROPORTIONS.
The proportions of the human figure are six times the length of the
more Britons
which they are composed
Mrs. Levy—"Isaac 1 Isaac ! I can hear a man snorin’ under the bod. Ho must be a burglar !" Mr. L.— Hush, Rebecca ! Don't vakc him. an' de a vc vill charge him for a night's lodgin' 1» w morning I"
>-
every lanky horse.
THE METHOD OF BREAKING. The great objection Col. Dent had
n - Out of 28,922 applicants for Britr x. ish patents during 1900,
4 9
549 were


women




###PAGE###4###

7
THE EQUITY.	Tty Municipal Council of tfjeVillage
of Sljawville.
BY-LAW No. 69
The Men behind the Guns
MASSE Y-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH SHAWV1LLE
ffl
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 26, 1901.
WARE ROOMS
At Ladysmith could not have held the
town till relief came if their ammunition
had run out. The sportsman who wants
to bag ducks, partridge or the “ antlered
monarch " should lay in his supply of car-ridges now.
w
Concerning- the Issue of Debentures to the amount of Fourteen Thousand Dollars.
(*7rd
The Great Strike Ended


The great strike of steel workers has
SSi *w ZZBSAZSI »,,lA WAïïSsa S.3-M
greater dimensions than has been—that Village of Slmwville, ami the said Council is organization was on a vaster scale, eepe- solves, orders and enacts as follows :
dally as regards Capital. The strike has Whereas, it Is expedient that the Mu-resulted in a complete victory for Capital nlcioallty of the Village of Shaw ville he
SiSSSs
Me loss i»t then positions by the strikers wooden reservoir or tank of twenty five whose places have been tilled. The Steel t housand gallons capacity, as set forth in Trust having engaged men to till the [he plans and specifications submitted by places of some of the strikers, decline to "Sbert Sturt}‘e"’ ci.vil engineer ; said reser-
«»„, ,i».„	. aw s& s&rae. %%%
In move than one sense the contest has j operated either by windmill or steam been a most unfoitunate one for organ • | power, as shall be ton mi most advantag ized labor, and, in the inteiest of society
and of the mass of the workers the vie-1 And whereas, it will be necessary to tory is to be deplored. The great steel raise hy way of loan for that puriwsv the combine by a coup engineered by astute M,m ^ fourteen I housand Dollars ; financiers some months ago dominated .1 And whereas the Municipal Council of
t-rsss: sSaSSSI
equaled. >ow the same combination years, to bear interest nt the rate of live «•t org m 1 Capital hm come into coo-1P** centum per Annum ;
diet with its strongest opponents in or- And whereas It will be necessary to pro-1	UflUPIIFOTFIl Aim ft A If A A f" mri rn
sri,5::rir s,winuheoTER AND SAVAGE RIFLES.
1 i §ÜlSÜi: I MAC FAR LANE	BROS
is that the public generally cannot well ln or,,vr * hat the whole of the said debt '	KJ •
adversely criticize the results on its merits hv extinguished at the end of the no matter how it may deplore the result * tfr,ll1of fortyJears :
the créât on of the gigantic trust. Thanks hundred and seventy-seven thousand to the lack of discretion shown by the 11"° hundred and eighteen dollars, labor leaders, the representatives of I h is therefore resolved, ordered and en-organized Captital succeeded in putting aelv,i l>rVN,ent by-law, which, how-
nod leaders uf Ldmr were an easy prey That for the construction of n system of tor the skilled diplomats at the head of I ^ aterworks in the aforesaid Municipal the trust, who from the first succeeded ; !!y’ the *\l(} system to be laid 011 Main, in securing the upper ground in the . i111 ^d 1‘iekanock streets, and to con-tight.	?lMt !lf "tHKicn reservoir or tank of
ThepuWicLsina paradoxical ^.itiuu
as 1 égards the result of the Titanic strug submitted by Hobert Surtees, civil en-
Ac. While every thoughtful man will ^j?,0fpireservoir or tank to he sup-deplore the victory which places almost I Ç1 ,	, m either thaw’s Lake or Green
ssara». %% IÈBraBES
democratic nation of seventy hvc millions, , nccteil with the preparation, submission 1: is imossiblc not to admit in this strug- j\u<1 Passing of this By-law, the sum of lIc with Labor the victory has been won 1 , oiivteen 1'housand Dollars shall be raised
- n its merits, and that the conduct of the 1 \J?n l's!le ot dobk‘ntUR‘s* campaign by the representatives of (aid- Lf! SjU i®	^ilniciPel Council
f :-";Fr Gi: r
• >) I lie indiscretion of its leaders, under- the said Municipality debentures to took tha struggle under conditions which amount not exceeding Fourteen Thousand aid only be deplored by the most sin- 1>0 ilr< cere well-wishers of the workers.—Ofc taw a Citizen.
Life Of President McKinley
A STANDARD
Threshing Mill IV|en :
Rifle Cartridges in all calibres from .22 to .56,
Snider Ball and Shot Shells,
Loaded Shot Shells, 12 and 16 gauge,
F.F. Black Powder,
We are now prepared to supply you with
Mill Teeth
* (all kinds)
eous ;
trifle Powder,
Belting, Cylinder and Machine Oils.
Shot, Primers, Etc.
?

<
Best materials and correct prices.
New Grinder.
SMART & SMITH.
In order to meet our increased trade
have put in a New Champion Grinder
with a capacity of 80 to 100 bushels per
hour (double that of the old one.) Farmers
can depend upon getting their hashing
done in a first-class manner and without delay.
we
THE SljAV/yiLLE MILLING CO
Chapeau Exhibition.
an
»
."S3
CO

I	The 24th Annual Exhibition
fi'o LaidSuoüFïï.,(,er "" commo" j	CO. PONTIAC AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY No. 2,
tew1* ,*thfh?wte	tuT'£ ^ Wi" be heM °" the SoC,ety'8 Grounds 0,1 Tuesday and We.lne.da,
mmmm ^ t-61H 55-=—
§ispsstelsEs-a
‘ resident McKinley, and it will bo a tIie «Aid debentures respectively, labor of love f°r him to finish this book, That there shall be levied an annual which h is long been in preparation. It *um of Eight Hundred and Twelve Dol will be complete—his boyhood, manhood. ^ And Seventy three cents <|812.73)
therewith, medical treatment, deah, bur-1 tinction of the said debt ial and «ta e funtral. cheap and s> excellent that should have a copy.
We understand that
A
HISTORICAL WORK
For Prize Lists and all other information
p. McMahon,
Sec. Treasurer,
apply McRAE & McGUIRE
to
9
on
Chapeau P. 0.
THE MARKETS.
NEW
GOODS
1901
1901
The book is so That the said special tax shall be levied
ry family ail< co"ec*ed nt th® same time and in the J 1 manner as the general taxes of the
¦	. said Municipality.
Will he sold by subscription, ar.d agents streets and to consist of a wooden reser will lind an announcement of interest to volr or tank of twenty live thousand gal-them in a no‘her column.	Ions capacity, as set forth in the plans and
m	specifications submitted by Robert Sur
tees, t. L.; said reservoir or tank to be sunplied from either Shaw's lake or Green Lake by a pump operated either by windmill or steam power, as shall found most advantageous, and for the expenses connected with the preparation, submission and passing of this by-law.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 00 to 00c. Oats per bushel, 00 to 30c. Pease per bushel, 63 to 65c. Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. Egg', per dozen, lie.
Butter, per pound, 11 to 15c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 15c. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c.
Hides, $1.00 to $5.50. l alfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
OTTAWA.
OR
eve
'V
OREMOST
URNITURE.
NEW
GOODS
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test and you’ll prove it.
Has Peary found Gold
NOW OPENING OUT -AT-
SAILOR
TRLLS CORRESPONDENT -SYDNEY THAT THE EXPLORER DISCOVERED THE YELLOW METAL.
AT
HAS
% Up-to-Date Store
US
o j -T «	^	('ivcn under the common seal of Hip
bydney, N. S., Sept. 19.—A strange «id Council this ninth day of September story is brought here by the crew of the | ,n lhe >'cnr of our Lord nineteen hundred Erik, recently arrived at this p,rt from 1 andonCe northern latitudes, whither it had ¦
e #
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
“ pails. 17 to 20c. per lb.
T it unnvrn	.	I	--------------— _ ». » „ „	0 „ _ _	,	fresh, 16c. per ooi.
wEjÊSk
# e
# #
STARKE’S
CORNERS.
We have also a first-cl
assortment of
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
Silas Young.
FRESH and CURED
MEATS
I
.
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. Q. McGUIRE,
ter.
U
Pf
Proprietor.
a
###PAGE###5###
¦ ¦*


***» ¦ .
r. -

THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville>
Ko. 870.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Intererta.
THE FROST A WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiac 8 Largest Ware-Rooms.
A. SMILE Prop.
LOF
Important to Ladies visiting Shawville Exhibition.
HÜBLÎ8HKD KVKRY THURSDAY
AT HH A W VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, 8UB8CRIPTIQN-$1.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE. No paper «topped until all
¦M
Meet* the 4th Wed nee day of every month.
Coart dues muet be paid promptly every month.
Vielt!ng brethren cordially Invited.
QUE.
L.B.C.
arrearage»
P*bll “h* 611 epeoIalsrrftD*ement with

Early Specialties in
Fall Jackets and Capes,
/. A. Co WA If, RB.
H. 8. Hahnktt, F.B
John Biokktt, C. R.,
ADVERTISING RATES i
ES£S -te s: -sssisrs; s,
rSSTSr— » sHcEBEF-T'“w
s
hawville
having parlor,
JOIjN S*|ITI(, Proprietor.
Unequalled for Correct Styles,
First-class worknjansljip and
Sterling value
J | All our Fall Oarmente-imported direct from B
un, uermany-aro now open for inepection.
5SS5S51 îssrs?"
, ,.mr^%Xe0d0bd,r.hryK; tH""Your Tum next-
cent# per line. %	K 1
¦ ¦
Î
¦ ¦
ree
¦ ¦
¦ e
CEO. HYNES
JOB PRINTING.
* â
L
or-
The Perrin Sulkey Plow.
JOHN a. cowan
UNDERTAKER, |You wlU flnd u to 7°ur advantage to see these Ithe fround or against the land h Zt^lytithSaJI
Goods early.	result, even with a heavy driver, its draught is lighter than
ac. .	I Z~TT~	I aî?{.0th.er pIow doin« the same work. The width and depth
Ask to see the New Box-Back 3-Quarter Length of.16 fllrrow can }>e regulated with certainty by the driver
Coats. They are Beauties ^	-	without his getting off the plow and without interfering with
IJ U ucauuca^A—	I the management of the team.
Publisher.
Business Cards.

(
MEDICAL.
SHAWVILLE, - . QUE.
F.M.A.McNaughtoq,B.V,M.D.,C.M.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of f une-
nî, in ,2lrr,lhh "fî1’ ran.K|n» from the
Plainest i?•nuisîtes to the most elegant-y designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
Graduate or McGill University,'
Offloe—Residence of the late Dr. H. If Knox, Shawvllle.
Oltice hours -Monday, Wednesday Saturday afternoons.
and
The style of every garment is after ? the latest dictates of Fashion.
Intending purchasers will be allowed to have a trial of tho plow to convince themselves of these facts.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
?
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity M*L College, Toronto.. Omen AMO IUaiDKKrK : J. II Arm.htroko** llocae, MAIN STREET - - SHAW VILLE.
A. SMILEY.
Dress Fabrics.
District and Country.
The Best Assortment
The Largest Stock
of Goods may be seen at
O Our reputation for High-class Dress Goods is too O-well and favorably known to admit of any contra-O—diction. We take pleasure in announcing that we
exceptionally well prepared to meet the de-0—mands of the trade during the approaching

COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES.
LEGAL.
BOÜRBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L, L.
Minutes of protejditnzs of the general I quarter ystui m of the Municipal County I Couucil of the corporatio n of the diet division of the County of Pontiac, Ini J at the Council Hall in the Village < f B y' Y" Monday the tlsventh day of the month of September, ninetem hundred anu one, at the hour of tm in ihj fore noon, a: which session were present :
The Warden O. H. lHb;z n, E .. . May, r of tha V , l.g,of P,rlage du Fuit • anu Ciumy Ovum Hors : E Graham,’ “ .T- May°/ of 'lie Toiriiihip of Bristol ; "*® ,Mwn/y. E r, , Mayor of the
CEO. O. WRIGHT,i%%
ADVOCATE. BADRISTED. AC. j, .h.V.i.ii	S.XKi
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Trust Building—
and
O—are
AVOCATE . . BRYSON,
season.
ion
The Season’s Novelties in
WM.
GAMBLE,
ïtiwWïER, Ac.,
J. F. GRONAU'S
BA
Chatelaine Bags, Handkerchiefs, Fancy Combs,
Belts, Buckles, Ladies’ Neckwear, Pocket-books, &c,
Room 88, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Bhawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Am ce-over O. F. Hodglnt’ Store, Mala 8t.
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries, Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, &c.
If you warnt the Best Goods at the Lowest? rices make your purchases at J. F. Gronau’s.
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
:o:
G.F.HODGINS
9
ij.jjon ; Michael U»y	£,q , Mayor	L.
? teX: IP- S. -Raincoats and Umbrellas.
iNally, Eg],	ihe Toviinhip
Pontiac Ldlumet island ; Goirge Djgg, E q.,	H
Mayor of the Township of Thorne ; J. B.’ Llurier> the Minister of Rsiiwaye and Milnville, E*q , Mayor of the Township Canals, &<?. , &j., and attendirg the Rail Ai.umette island ; XV, H. Meredith, Committee re Mr. Lvuis Simpson for Esq , Mayor of the V.llLe of Quyon • the Charter for the Pontiac and Hudson Deuma Kennedy, E q . Mnyor if the Ba7 Rai,wa7 be paid $12, twelve dollars Municipality of South Onslow; forming each.—Carried.
a Quo-uin ot Council under the presidency '1'he question of providing an cffica for
At Sliawvllle 3r.l Thui-s-lay each month. t?	...	the Secretary Treasurer w.s m'roJuced
At request attends Courts in District of i * t* m.uu.ss of last session were read ^7 the XXa den and di:cussed by the Pontiac. Prompt collections and imine- an<* &do| fc.-d on n.oti n of Miyor Hayes CouociL
dlato remittances. Special attention to seconded by Mayor McNally.	' Mayor Graham moves, secondol by
< um-npondents.	I The Secretary-Treasurer informed the ! M#7or Cowan, that a rental of $00 00
Council that Mr. John Humphrey, of I l)dr AT,umn. d*ted from the first of VV ft	had paid the amount due by ,,anu*ry ,a 1 be paid to the Sec.-Treasurer
h in fur maintain tnce of insane, $24 63 ^ur the use of his office.
That Mr. Charles Lafrei n«r had written Mayor Mooney moves, seconded by j CnmmtMMinntr .nrf	n^,. i * ?}?* *akio* furau ** eueiou of time t > Mayor Mainvi,Iü moves in amendment,
sssr“¦— """" •“ -• Ï.C iS7»“ ,S:*rs &L LZK	i s8533SE£8 JE£
J «EEâterZ*Iork
lienr> Hudg.us has tot replied to the Ma.nville, Dazg, Mooney, Kennedy, demand for maintainar.ee of his wife. Sloan, Meredith and Moore.—9.^
Major Mooi.ey mover, seconded by For the main motion.—Ritchie, Mc-Mayor Mainville, that Mr. Ohaa. Lafre- Na,,y» Cowan, Bamford and Graham, nier be gianted time until the fifteenth of ~5
Jaquaiy, 1902, for payment of the	The amendment declared carried,
amount due for the maiutainance if hit Mayor Kennedy moves, seconded by •on in the Lunatic Asylum.—Carried.	Mayor Graham that this Council do no v
Miyor Bamford takes his seat at the I ac*journ. —Carried.
Board.
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa. Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa arid Districts.
60 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
ADVOCATE, dec.,
LAW CHAMBERS } ^AIN STREET.
'I
I
MINTS
We are Agents for
Trade Marks Designs
(THE WINCHESTER
Scientific American.
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.

SHAWVILLE - -
QUE
Rifles and Guns.
S A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PUBLI % NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
FARM
If you want one write us.
McDougall & cuzner,
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
To Let or Give on Shares.
Lo> 13 “•> " on the 7th rai»Ki of tlarenclon and containing 20U
William LeRoy,	acnsof land. The premises are in good
##### SSSSIHmEEEE For Sale,
----------s&ïï Vîx rrisr:	6;~t A heavy ah^y Team.
SES3 «ssfâsBiffiSE «. **ST.
Major McNally move., .econded by	°°n"uiU#e-	SHAWVILLE.
Mayor Maum le, that thia meeting ad- There seems to be a growing tendency
ScsSSesw psSirwSSiw»'“
lage of SaawviLe, and Bernard J. 81can, P«nse, when in many cas>e they cannot Rev A. B. Sirofson, of Newjfork, the ! will be found thOTOUfirhlv Etq., E q., Mayor of the Township of «ftord it, in order to have a big turn out Christian Alliance leader, raised $40,COO '	,	^
| Litchfield.	at the funeral of a relative or friend. for missionary work at Old Orchard I equipped tO (10 a S&tlSfaC-
msmMmmwm
nit and the mover, be appointed to deal "®d ^ e.n"'.°e end‘he tr‘ln w*« brought I(.'! r'u,,e evide,'t lkat ‘he Duchew ol ¦ with the report of Mr. Brabaz n and ‘ tt“d?1 o?lthin * foot of the wo lo'k ha. won the luarls of the Canadian have the town line es nbliahed between T" * . Jl She wa* cut »nd bruised by P»»p e. lier gr.ctou.ne.., tact aud beauty the Town.hipi of Brut .| and Clarendon, h® °VerlUrn'	J »r« = ^doI on whenever ahe appears,
mm
J. J. TURNER,
or J.
PONTIAC Here it is!
WOOLLEN
The Place
St. Lawrence Sail,
MILLS
•t
Mrs C M. McLean,
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Hepairiqg
rely on getting the best sat-j Neatly done at lowest isfaction.	prices
ANDgEW HODGINS, DALE BROS.,
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Li vest Attached.
I
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER

snd
Wr


JEWELLER


Êk
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OP
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.

I



m




Rei-aikim»—
a Speciality.
r ./

• SHAWVILLE, 0
Shawville.
Advertise in The Equity,
###PAGE###6###
V

1
wî

\
>

X

* T**
\
s
VIT! À FAMOUS OABBÏ. SOME OUBIOUS BINDERS
whetted, and they consented to dawdle along behind me, laughing and chattering the while.
Only when they heard that last despairing cry of Foil* did Fleetwood and one or two of the other men begin to gain a glimmer of the truth. It was with ever-increasing alarm that they hurried ^forward,
and tried to force the library door ; and, finally, using the oak table as a ram, burst It open.
All of which I recollect ns something that happened when I was in a semi-trance. I have n vague memory of looking into the room, nnd peeing several persons there, and a struggle going on. 1 can recall the sight of Felix running out, pale and limping, but smiling, nnd of his ,holding out his arms to me. I went to meet him, and then—I swooned.

when I recollected that tlio book ho wonted was not In the library at all ; and, to save him the futile tank of looking for It, 1 ran after him.
1 crossed the hall, and plunged down the narrow oak-panelled corridor to the oust wing. My course was unlllumined, save for the dim moonlight that penetrated the mul-lioned windows ; but 1 knew my way well enough, and marched along without hesitation.
I passed through the lofty picture-gallery, with its rows of old-world faces and grim guardian suits of armour. Out into a second passage 1 went—a low, tortuous passage, very dark, and smelling of musty tapestry.
Suddenly, as I was groping my way along, I saw a slight movement in front of mo ; and there, but a few feet away, stood a grey, silent human figure.
"Felix, is that you ?" I said. And 1 won’t be positive that there was not tha suspicion of a quiver in toy voice.
'Micro came no answer to the question. nnd the figure commenced to glide away down the passage.
Without waiting to get thoroughly frightened, 1 followed It, quickening my pace a little. The mysterious form did the same.
Along and along we went, twisting and turning among the fabyrtnth of passages, and then at last, coming round a sharp corner, there was a shaft of light through a half-open door—the door of the library where my husband was.
1 darted forward, feeling quite brave, now that 1 was in the vicinity of Felix. But I was too late. The form glided into the room, silently closing the door, and 1 heard the key turning in the locx.
1 stood there for a moment or two—puzzled, doubtful, alarmed. All at once there rushed upon me a horrible presentiment of impending doom, and with it a wild, irresistible desire to learn what was going on in that room.
1 tried the door. It was securely locked. A few yards down the passage, high up in the wall, was u small window looking Into the lib-the subject | rary. Directly underneath it was a
heavy oak table. On to that table I scrambled, and glued my eyes to tlio dust-dimmed pane.
Shall I ever forget what I saw ? I have dreamed of it a thousand times, and awakened shuddering ir an agony of terror.
"Felix I Felix,* turn round ! l<ook !,r
Those were the words I shrieked ns I dashed my bare hojid through the window, and withdrew it, bleed-
KOTES AND COMMENTS.
*
A FEW QUEER SUBSTITUTES FOR ROAST BEEF.
LONDON CAR DRIVER WHO HAS DRIVEN GREAT PEOPLE.
! A trim Cody
This year Zn mutters agricultural little Jack Canuck has "put in his thumb and pulled out a plum, and said, What a fine boy am I." Jack «Always did. it is to be hoped always will, pride himself on his agricultural strength. It is well to know that it is not empty vanity with which he is pu (Ted up. "Imitation is the sine crest flattery," pays the old saw, and a desire to imitate is the compliment which Australia is at present paying to the agricultural genius of Canada. Our brothers under the Southern Cross have found great wealth in the gold fields nnd sheep-paddocks, but now they wish to reap another fortune from the fruits of the field. They realize that farming pays best when the aid of science is Invoked to procure, with a minimum of labor, the maximum return from every foot of ground under cultivation. To assist them in arriving at this happy stage they are in search cf a Canadian who is competent to make analysis of soils and is familiar with the ins and outs of practical farming. When they have found him they intend to appoint him Government Professor of Agriculture. The duties of the office are:—(1) To superintend the Agricultural College and Experimental Farm, and tench classes thereat. (2) To advise the Government on all points relating to agriculture. (3) To lecture to agriculturists when required quite a pat on the back for our Canadian institutions and should be an inspiration to them to continue in their good work.
Meals Which Have Cost A Larffv Sum of Money — Butterma».'9
The Prince of Wales Was His Customer on Several Occasions.
“ The

One of the best known nnd most highly respected cab-drivers in London, especially known amt patronized by many members of both Houses....	.	. .	__
of 1'arlinmont, hns related the follow ^1bwB	** some Esquimaux
|| — p	hunters embedded in the ico near the
mouth of tho Lena Hiver, there has
been no more eccentric banquet
Since the Russian Count Orloff feasted his friends on steaks cut from tho flesh of a mastodon, which
1.
"Won't you give us some of your acting this evening, dear Mrs. Sterling ?"
The time was 4 p m. Through the window we could svo tho rain sweeping over the lawn, ns it had never ceased to do for the last forty-eight hours ; and my guests lounged about the big uncomfortable hall In various stages of ennui.
They had been discussing the vital question of how tlio evening warn to be got through. Music, suggested by our Wagner enthusiast ; dancing, by the waltzing-girl, had been gloomily rejected. And then suddenly, as though smitten by an inspiration, tho little blonde widow had turned on me, and burst out :
"Won't you give us some of your acting to-night, Mrs. Sterling ?"
You sec, the truth was, in the days of her maidenhood, the wifg of tho Hdn. Felix Sterling had toured three years ns leading lady as a well-known comedy company. And now. having resigned tho plau%Ki of the fickle multitude for Uic lo\e nnd admiration of one, she still occasionally amused her friends with such smatterings of the histrionic art ns she possessed.
On this occasion the request that 1 should employ my poor talents to divert my guusts was received with
acclamation.
"Oh, yes. Please act for us !" This is came in a chorus from all parts of
the hall. And young Charlie Fleetwood excitedly sprang up and offered to improvise a temporary stage if I would consent to perform on it.
I would not make any rash promises, being doubtful, indeed, whether my somewhat limited repertoire includfil anything that would serve as a monologue. And was still under discussion when ten was brought in, and with its fragrant presence carried our thoughts away from things theatrical to tho more important matter of satisfying It may be remarked with the cravings of physical nature.
ing fascinating and amusing anecdotes, etc
concerning some of the
great men and women he has had the	...	..	,	, .
honor of driving during his interest- ®crvo<* l,um t,mt partaken of in ing and often exciting career.	Liverpool recently by a couple of
"Yes; I've driven the Prince of well-known antiquaries.
Wales two or throe times, but never Practically* the dinner was a vege-sinco ho has been King. I always twrian onc» consisting, as it did, of appeared in a kind of dream when apples, bread, butter and wine. His Royal Highness was in my "Nothing very remarkable about charge; lie was so hasty, so eager to this ! you exclaim. No; but then, o!T, and so anxious to get where y°u 8tie» the apples were at least 1,-ho wonted tA go in an almost im- 800 Y*"* old- having been taken ¦	¦	possible time.	from n hermetically-sealed jar un-
King Edward VU.. although one ,.0n tho last OCCUtSjon j picked up' earthed ut Pompeii. The bread was of the bent-humored of men. Is known ^ p,,	„ , may usc 8lich nn ox_ made
to be a martinet in all mnt c n ol ,on for gQ t R ,fare . lt wua form, precedence, nnd social usage. .	. ld Westminster
Since his accession many instances J <N * tl Clbbv.‘ wake up ,rom ft recently-opened Egyptian
¦Sinai®
fisL .5 iir.	“ ""
######
I	IAN-LlhL WAY.	thv hanks of the Volga for a pot of
What cnn I " What dees lie want?’ I thought I freshly-made caviare.
In 1897 tho Viscomte de Viel-Caa-tel undertook for a wager to expend
"Go home nnd put a band of crape “When I arrived outside Marlbor- 600 franc# upon a dinner for him-on your overcoat," was the reply. ough House my horse was sweating, self alone at the Cafe do Paris A year or two ago a portrait of i can tell you, so quickly had I lccting only the ordinary viands, one of the secretaries of tho King, driven.	wines, etc., as set out	iu^ne bill dT
who was then Prince of Wales, was " 'Well done, cabby!	You’ve driv-	fare, and paying
submitted to his inspection by the en famously,’ said His Royal High-
artist. The Prince glanced at it, noss, . who was evidently in a very He won his bet, the actual amount and turning to the secretary said:	good temper Now then; what’s of his bill	francs 30 cen-
"Your orders arc not placed prop- your fare? No beating about the times. The time was mid-winter, crly on your breast in this picture, bush; I’ve throe days’ work to do in and the items included 12 francs for Tho precedence should be exactly the three hours. How much is it?'	a plate of young |was, 20 francs for
of that which you have giv- •• 'Well, sir’ I said boldly, deter- a dish of strawberries, and 24 franca
mined to make the most of such n for a pineapple.
"But the likeness, your Highness?" chance; ‘considering I’ve had one Death-dinners, as they were called, gasped the artist. The Prince look- whole Sovereign and a half n Sovei*- were a gruesome fad of London good at the portrait itself, and gave dgn under my cure, it would be ciety early in the eighties. There is appreciative criticism of it.	treating you lightly to mention any- still living a certain lady of high
About the same timeMie was pres- thing less than gold!’	rank who, not so very lohg ago,
ont at the production of a tragedy "This mightily pleased	Ills	Royal	used annually to give	one of these
in which one of the actors took the Highness, who laughed, and said: sombre banquets in memory of heç part of a Russian nobleman of high ‘Well, cabby, here's a sovereign for dead husband. The room was drap-Thc Prince sent for him ut driving n Sovereign; 1 don’t count.’ ed in black and mauve, the ladies
attired in black silk black coats, and
HIS RIGID DISCIPLINE.
The Punctiliousness of King Ed- t
ward VII.
II l
FROM WHEAT LOOTED
>4
held by that given by
Albion Tho bill av-
cd."
ut
Tho keeper of the Tower with other dignitaries waited upon the King after his accession, to offer him, ac-
ance.
"Is there anything
I do, your Majesty?" hesitated tho| to myself
or what?'
Is lie simply inquisitive

keeper
Unlike Jack Horner, Jack Canuck will not bo content to sit in a corner. Labor day saw the launching at Toronto of the J. Israel Tarte, the most modern type of hydraulic dredge
pride that from the bottom of its keel to the tops of its smokestacks It is of all-Canadian construction. It will be used in preparing the St. Lawrence route to facilitate tho development of our farms and factories by tho export of their products. The improvement of this route has long been advocated by shippers as a necessary preliminary to the expansion of our trade. At the ceremonies incident on the launching of the dredge, the Minister of Public Works hinted that it was the intention of the Government to give assistance to the ship-building industry of the Po-
If this promise is carried
se-
Tli K ORDINARY. PRICES
#
#
#
Over the sodden lawn, battling with the wind and rain, half a dozen eager-looking men advanced, and steered straight for tho entrance-porch.
We watched their progress in mild surprise, and then suddenly my curiosity was whetted by recognizing the foremost of the six as one of the keepers at the big lunatic asylum which stands, grim and silent, about a league from Winston Lodge.
This man—a burly , hard-faced Yorkshireman—walked straight into the hull, after knocking, and asked to sec Mr. Sterling. My husband lazily rose and went with him to the door.
The keeper immediately commenced to talk to him in a loud excited voice—so loud, in fact, that we could not avoid overhearing part of what he said. And that had the effect of throwing iny guests into something like a panic, for the keeper spoke of a lunatic who hud escaped from tVic asylum that morning after nearly murdering an attendant. The lunatic was still at large, and had been seen not half an hour
.. A e	......	, .«go, lurking in a plantation near
The coldest large city is Edinburgh j 0UI. house
where tho average temperature of the
year is 47 degrees.
reverse
en."
ing
And my warning was not a moment too soon. As my husband knelt in a corner over a pile of books, the tall, white-haired figure was already close on him, an upraised, weighted stick in his hand, the raging fire of insanity gleaming in his eyes.
But 1 was Just in time. On hearing my voice, my husband sprang round, caught the descending stick on his arm, and closed with his adversary in a fearful life and death struggle.
Which was worse, I wtmcjer—to grapple with that madman, to have his eyes staring into yours, to feel his hot breath on your face, and to know that gradually he was overpowering you ; or to be the one who was looking on, to sco the being you loved best on earth fighting desperately—fighting for very life—and yet to stand there utterly impotent ?
But no. Thank Heaven, I was not entirely impotent. With a cry of
encouragement to my husband I A Cambridge University professor "Mercy on us	1 He mav come here	sPrant? down, bunched up my skirts,	who dreams in figures, has published	without one word of warning,	step-
at any moment r cxclaiZl nw	'“tcd back along tho passage,	the following atrocity :	my cab and sat there	quite
Birmingham	is	a cl «grec	warmer,	Aunt Margery,	in a state of hitrh	1	rnn as 1 ncvcr bad run before. I	1 time 9 plus 2 equals 11	uncanny-like, never speaking a	woia
and it is followed by Manchester, terror	•	knocked against the furniture in the 12 times 9 plus 8 equals 111	or saying where they wished to go,
whose mean temperature is 49 dc- “Hadn't wc—hadn’t we better have I darkness, I stumbled and'fell ; but 123 times 9 plus 4 equals 1111	^ policeman comes up to mo and
grees.	all the doors locked and bolted ?”	impelled as by a supernatural 1234 times 9 plus 5 equals 11111 whispers: Both of cm full o poetry
Then Glasgow, Dublin and Ply- the waltzing-girl suggested with a force* 1 rushcd on.	12345 times 9 plus 0 equals 111111 -choked up with ill Tennyson and
mouth,	all	at	50	degrees.	This	is	shudder.	Through the picture gallery I	123456 times 0 plus	7	equals	Lnrlylc is their names, and	g(,n(!
the mean annual temperature of the	«j shall certainlv	look under the	wcutf	down the	second corridor,	1111111	ti0rts th«y »re too!"1
earth.	bed and in the wardrobe to-night !" ,across lhe hal1' into lhc drawing- 1284567 times 9 plus 8 equals "I E<>t out of them that they wnnt-
London follows with a tempera-	asserted the blonde	widow : where-	roo2n-	11111111	*d to go to Kings < ross, and, when
turc of	51	degrees, taking	it all	the	upon Charlie	Fleetwood expressed	1 must have Io°bed a re. xrkablc	12345678 times 9 plus	9	equals	1 arrived there, bloweu if they	were-
his firm belief that	Ladies always	fi«ur®	a3.,1 ”shRd	in amongst my	111111111	n't so full of poetry that they got
These temperatures arc about the	did that !" which sally only raised	gucsts* MY band was bleeding, and	% time 8 plus 1 equals 9	out	<>f	the cab without sptaking a
very best for a white man's health.	a rather feeble laugh. ‘ '	U10 blood had stained my white	12 times 8 plus 2 equals	98	word	and without even hinting o!
They keep people vigorous without	“What sort of a clmp is he ?" we	zoning gown. My hair was half	123 times 8 plus 3 equals	987	Paying
fievzing their blood.	heard Felix asking the keeper.	down, my dress wap torn. But what 1284 times 8 plus 4 equals 9875
On the Continent they have a	“Tall clmp, sir. Thin, snow-white	dld «PPcarnnco matter to me ?	12345 times 8 plus 5 equals 98765
much greater variety. For instance,	hair, face deathly pale, eyes like	,	Y10 m*dman ! " I gasped, panting	123456 times 8 plus	6 equals
at icy St. Petersburg the annual	tire."	for breath. "The escaped maximan!
average is 40 degrees, at Berne, in	“Umph ! Well, from what you	f?c..,ias got !nto thc east win£. and| 1234567 times 8 plus	7
Switzerland, it is 46, at Berlin 48,	say, I fancy thc sooner you get him	: 0 1X mY husband We must
at Amsterdam and Brussels 50 at	under lock and key again the bettor	,,urst the door °Pen
Taris (the same as London) 51, at	it will be for the community. No	Lomc •
Venice 55, at Constantinople 57, at	we have not seen or heard anything
Madrid 68, at Home 60, and at of him. If we do, wo will let Athens 65
an
rank
the close of the performance
The two Royal gent» were <>n in
Very good; very good indeed I "In ‘crack/ and so was I—to drink tho he said, with a cordial smile, ‘‘but health of tho finest Prime in the those arc German decorations you j world. I noticed, as I was speeding
Go to the Russian away, the baby-faced little parson Take my card nnd tell still
wore dresses
waiter* were knee - breeches, mauve silk stockings. The menu was modelled after the memoriam-cards in fashion, and even the viands were all either black, mauve, or white.
An alphabetical dinner was given only the other day at one of tho best-known English hotels, item on tho menu began with the letter C. Among them were "clear"
# •
are wearing embassy. Hi
Count Blank to show you the prop-1 kind cr Russian orders for the part you innocent looking face. Then, quite represent. If it is worth doing at suddenly, I recognized 'his reverence’ all it is worth doing right in the —the smartest ’tec in Europe! least particular."	"This cab of mine ought to simply
A good motto either for Ling oi l perspire with poetry and learning, subject.	j for I 've driven in it two of the
scholar!lest men in thc
"Many years ngo now I was standing just .outside Victoria station, when two very
SORROWFUL GENTS,
minion
out, prospects open before us of a "growing time" to which all past growing times will look like standstills or even retrogressions.
looking at me with thc same Chmtian-liko expression on his
Every
soup,
CHICKENS, CHOPS, CUSTARDS,
claret, champagne, and coffee. Banquets at which the guests reclined on their fingers, as did the fashionables couches, nnd fed themselves with of Augustan Rome, constituted another society fad that was exceedingly popular for a while. Of course, the menus for these queer dinners had to be so contrivedof 4x> iWfuit of the guests feeding themselves with tho minimum of discomfort and
IN BRITISH CITIES
Their Average Temperature During
the Year.
IF IN DOUBT, WORK IT OUT
grease.
The most
world has ever regular customer of a famous Parisian restaurant, known to thc waiters as "the butter man." Re ate next to nothing, but his soup-tureen, filled with a consomme specially prepared for him, was always put before him. lie took a few spoonfuls, and had it
Next came a
eccentric diner the seen wns a certain
year round
When I told them about it Carlyle pulled out two half crowns and gave them to his friend,
Tennyson, without uttering n sound, and he—quite lost to the
world he seemed— slipped them into I which he barely tasted
they both course consisted of a fine fat capon,
Mi
taken away
WHOLE FILLET OF BEEF,
Thc next
M.
mil
987654
equals
9876543.	'	lh;s big pocket, and on _
Com. , I BWmta 8 P.«. 8	^"tL JT « S «5
All eyes were turned upon me ; but ! ^23456789 times 8 plus ü muais but far too full of poetry for a poor mouthful, together with two lettuce-not a soul offered to move.	987654321	cabby like me.	leaves and one radish. His dessert
know at once.™	"Don’t you understand mo ?" I	| "Yes; scores of times I’ve driven consisted
SSHIIPS
three times as wot at Bombay, four bers of our circle quite recovered diabolical spell possessed them all bers.	a heavenly smile I’ve never seen since! france. But this was not all. Every
times as wet at Hong Kong, seven their equanimity ; nnd	when	thc	that they were Indifferent to my ap-	England and	her colonies	grow	I "Then there's Mr	Chamberlain.	time the butter man got up	from	his
times	ns	wet	nt Vera	Cruz,	and	time came for retiring to drew,	for	pcai U uI1 seemed like a horrible	enough potatoes for 111	months of	I who	dresses so beautifully	himself	extraordinary	meal	he gave 40	francs
twenty-five	times as	wet	at	Chcrra-	dinner, that lunatic was still	the	dream—unreal, grotesque	British consumption.	I that	it really onsets	him to	see any-	to	the	head-waiter,	LO	francs	to	his
«a:
programme for to-night. Mrs Sterl- bv deud-strangtoti by that madman’s L 5„4	*	"Cabby, I notice your silk hat Is I Thus each meal camo to 20b francs,
ing?" Charlie Flrotwood asked hngcrs-mtrangiod. strangled !"	The carwin-r-nowor nfllrltiMh «hin. r,m0”hat rufflcd Two things to rl0. °ne tiay the mysterious
BREAD MADE FROM CHESTNUTS | when wo met in thc dining-room	, 1 repeated that awful word, scarce 0 y '8 P° «r Uritish ship- : ii(e you Bhould treat with tho great- millionaire doubled his tips all
"Don’t ask questions	1" I	nn.	knowing wlmt I said.	The blood	P‘nfc ‘a now	30,300 000	tons.	conslde,atlon-your	silk hat	and	round ; the next day he went	away,
swered. "Let it be a pleasant	sur-	1,08 rushing wildly to	my head. I	against 3,400,000 in 18o0.	yo„r enemies!’ Now.	what do	you	and w;l8 never seen again,
prise for you "	began to reel, clutched	desperately	The change in	British legal	docu-	think Mr. Chamberlain did?	He |
Afterwords both question	nnd	at the air- ,And then- of a sudden, a	meats from "God Save	the Queen"	j took	me into a shop	and bought me
answer proved to have n strange	9G*ange, half-remembered sound, rip-	to (»od Save (he King	will cost a	a brand new one!"
significance	pled through the room—a sound ter- | total of $2,000,000.	|
‘ h 1	rible to listen to at first, yet giving
me in the end an inkling of the truth.
It was the sound of hands clapping in applause. They thought I was acting !
I stormed and raved and shrieked as surely no actress could or would.
I entreated and implored, and struggled the while with the feeling faintness and numbness that was
stealing over me.	. . ...	.	I -
And then, at length, seeing that stnkln£	picture, which he BB
my efforts to make them understand ric<* n‘ the breast pocket of his were utterly useless, I suddenly stop- tu,llc Lucy—Is that so ? I should ptnl, and summoned up a smile as I snY yulir picture would stop a 1yd-listened to their applause and con- d*J® *hcll.
granulations.	Just 8Ct 11 ,or fiv« o’clock, said
Somehow or other I induced them the young lawyer, who had bought to follow me from the room, telling on alarm clock. 1 won't want to them that I had something to show change it. Always get up at that them in the egft wing—a further en- hour, air? remarked the shopman.
tertainment, which my husband and Oh, no, that's my time for going The average yearly damage to I had prepared. Their curiosity was'home. This clock !» for my office. French crops by hail 1» $7,100,000. grey
you
of four grapes—never a
81. and at Calcutta 82
llo
on earth
In France and Italy chestnuts arc made into bread by the mountain peasantry. After the nuts have been blanched they are dried and ground. From this flour a sweet, heavy, fiat cake is made. It resembles tho oaten cakes so popular among Scotch peasants.
1


1
DIFFERENCE IN TASTE
1
Hetty—Looking over the diction-
ÎCu5î~i5	pay.
not interesting, but amusing. It	By. turning the handle of his or-	Husband—Why	do	you	say	that?
spells words so differently from the	gan the Italian in England obtains	Wife—Because his	wife	had	on tho
way	I	spell	them,	you	know."	nearly eight times as much per	week	most	beautiful gown last night,	nnd
Within	the	last	few	years	174,294 as he	can earn in Italy, nearly	four	when	I admired it he said ho thought
foreigners have settled in England,	times as much as the English farm	it was dreadful.
11 out of 22 British dukes have	laborer, and nearly three times the	Husband—But,	my dear, ho	had to
pay of the policeman who moves pay $500 for it. him on when requested. Thousands of skilled artisans who have served, apprenticeships as carpenters, painters, and joiners get only half ta# organ-grinder’s pay, for the Italian
reckons it a very poor week indeed Careful observations have been If he	makes less than $15, and	be	made	jn order to find out which	col-
often	gets $17 to $20 or more.	or9	for uniforms present the	best
¦	¦¦ ¦	m marks for the enemy’s shot, and it
has been found that the most fatal color is red, rifle green coming next, brown third, while Austrian bluish, is the least fatal
1
II
t
Wc were sitting in thc drawingroom after dinner. Felix was talking to the blende widow about a A man is going to try to cross I curious book of heraldry he had
river gorge on a bi-1 been reading. He said he would
show her the volume in question, if he’d	like	| and rose to go to the library to
fetch it.
Now, Winston Lodge, which we
£ SMISfî= E ™E ¦=, E
with two long wings extending cast The best ironstone in the world is and west. Tho house was too big found in	Canada.	It	yields 60	pci	for our requirements ; consequently,
cent, of	iron;	average	English iron-	wo only occupied thc centre and the
stone contains 41 per cent, of iron. west wing. But it was into the cast
Sir George White can write 21 let- win* that ®.V husband had now ters, beginning with V C., G C IL, £one' thc library being situated after his name. This is four more there.
than Lord Roberts can boost of.	Ha bad scarcely left the room,
I
SOMEWHAT ANTICIPATORY
i
i
the Nip gara Cycle with grooved wheels." ¦¦¦¦? Wonder Ugjjjgg grooved wheels on his hearse 7i"
i
of 1 at present no heirs to succeed them. May—Jack was saved by a bullet
Js he
t
1
I
I
1
FOR AN ENEMY'S SHOT
a
P
o
o
Si
f<
n

r*

###PAGE###7###




% .*•

i
x


FHaaa/Ba®BB®5®5/B®af3BT2®5J diet of thorn

_ .	faits to be* appreciated
HOUSEHOLD. 11###:
aaaaaarai5E®aHBB®aMa3JSJa | never fulled to be eaten with avid-
ity# Sometimes tho white beans may bo made into succotash with green Plum Jolly—Secure sound plums I or Cttnned corn » this dish is a wol-Wash and wipo dry, thon cut a slit COni<? '!l ,n*° ,rom baked beans.
1,1 r[rh- I ce ill a jar and cover R,,guiding meat», men do not like! Not Bad for Good Tsath
Hot tho jar in u kettle of boiling I P°rk un,e8S 11 iH frc8h« A boiled	" 1 °eth
water, and let tho water boll three \. hum thttt	bo fl,lc<*d C0,(J	,3$c,['er*e ^ P<md«, 7K au
hours or until tho Juice Is extracted for 8Upper' wrved with a nice cat- °r by m.ul lor the price. Sample tor je.
Htrnin and measure, allowing OM0 K,,P or Hlustiml dressing never fails | HALL â JtUCUL, MONTREAL
of while sugar for every pint l°	1,10 l"'sL &nil cheapest ¦¦¦!¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
of juice. Cook until It drops from a toeat Wo evor had for threshers was skimmer in several places,	when it,	11 stew of mutton of our	own raising,
is dipped in and out again.	Do cure-	Mcn wko *md	0XPr©ss«d	themselves
ful to stir constantly.	UH ull,iblo to cat mutton because of
Tho pulp cun bo utilized for mar- lÎV W,WO,ly. lluvor« Passed tiieir, prrTTT Ta «,AVO nn mol ado. Weigh and allow three- plates for tho third helping. Occa- PECULIAR WAYS OF “POPPING
fourths pound of sugar	to every	! h*onnl,y when	threshers	camo upon!	THE	QUESTION.
pound of pulp and cook until thick-	?,l0rt not,co	wo have	given them
or for marmalade.	beef steak, but at the present price
Plum Marmalade No. 2—Srnld and of btof thllt 18 rathcr expensive fare skin ripe plums, remove the pits and an<l *8 warmer and harder work to allow one pound of white augur to 'Cook thftl1 a 8tcw exMTy pound of pulp, Mix and let it stand one hour, then boil together for 20 minutes.
i
Sozodont
??w?„ 25

o
T
i If yon are net handlfe*
%
l


i
I

c

'"ttïï: ;»«: ata
Une which
, SO end SCO.
PLU MS
Geod for Bad Teeth
If You Wa rtf beet results SHIPsi! yonr
Vani ilITTIH, SOOt, PJVLT*V, APPLE# ether PSVITI end PAODUOS, te
The Dawson Commission Co.
i


TO CUBE CONSUMPTION
«
AGENTS WANTED.

t
wn
Dr. Fralick’s New Treatment Tried	W™”'
in New York.	heir profit, and Mil In every house, writs
T. ...... _	ne. The F. E. Kara Co., 13i Victoria street
Dr. Wilfred O. Fra lick of Now York | Toronto.
gave a public demonstration the oth-*r afternoon with a fluid which lie believes will prove successful in in* consumption providing the pu- sun tient still retains sufficient lung ca- """
Ways of Proposing Will Differ as	l \ \\ 1	I'ncity to afford a basis to work up- PATRIOTIC
Widely as the Natures of	'j j V'\ A	|nn Tw° Patients of the Metropoli-
MHB»
-H Ef	°-|££	.E|« ~ HE5E
pSIllSBi Biilllpi
scalded and rubbed through a col an- tnins no °P|ut0 ?!" harmful drugs. It	cessary courage to propose to the	? ,ï„hJjT ? A™ /'cr'arnta anJ simply	the experiment tho effect of the fluid
dor. add one pint of vinegar, four Purely vegetable, sweet and picas-	lady whom lie wished to make Czar- ®h d, .the ,toP ,WIf,h cKa*ed h.cr"s	! on both patients was the same Tho
tabl,spoonfuls of brown sugar, one ttn* *° and prompt in its effect, ina.	*ncj	ban.dsr!.,lto face took on a flush as if there had I ,ou «¦ n„ .dv.rtiwm.nt i„ thl, paper, itlita
teaspoonful of black pepper, one tea- 1 or simple favors, Colic, constipa-	At last one day. when they were ,	• Ch th	,.5uthen,d' Ela*7	been a rush of blood to the head, tho	pur interest toes w, *e Our reik, tn treated
spoonful of cloves, one teaspoonful "on, disordered stomach, diarrhoea,	dining at the same table, a happy V	arc w.svr.tPd n the casmgs and	pulse became stronger, the eyes	>¦«"-«»—witt tks bwt.
- *"•	î£'w.ttSK SS-X&	a	%	« r « i«<
Plum Butter-Wash and cook dam- Tablets are a certain cure. In fact finger he concealed it in a piece of ?ZÎ \ X	* °f ,maJt(,flaI 32 doctor said, that the fluid had been
sou plum» in just enough water to 11 a,most nny disorder common to bread and surreptitiously convoyed *L 08 W1 e i c required.	extended to the extreme parts of the
keep from burning. Hub through children these tablets should be giv- the bread to her and awaited devel-	--f ¦   	I body. The infusion made the patient
a colander all but the skins and on ut oncc and rcIlef muy be prompt- opments. A few moments later he /*mm ¦ err	*	perspire.
stones. Measure and allow one ,ooke<1 for*	was delighted to see the ring on one f| I T À tUf A MAN WITH	Ur. Bra lick says that when the
pound of sugar for every pound of Never give tho babies so-called of tho Princess's fingers, and knew Ml IÜ fiil 111 nil UllU	fluid flows through the veins a coinpulp (look over half an hour or soothing medicines which simply put that his strange offer had been ac-	WDTHIIPO fTilTTO (TITlflP Pound forms and nascent oxygen is
until thick. Watch carefully to pro- them into an unnatural Weep. These cep ted.	ffilllÈO llllü llffllJ liberated
vent burning. -	tablets are small, sweet, nleusant to A lover whose story was unfortu-	_ _ _	through the mouth, rectum or sub-
Piekled Plum»—Seven pounds of take and prompt in actinjf Dissolv- ( nately unfolded some time ago in a	cutaneously.	Two cancer patients,
plums, three pounds of sugar, one J fd *n Wa^cr» they will bo taken read- court of law chose a very novel and	GRANTS FULL PERMISSION TO	Dr. Fra lick says, have been treated
pint of vinegar, four teaspoonfuls of j Uy by the smallest infant.	poetic method of popping tho ques-	USE HIS NAME IN BEHALF	successfully	with	the	fluid.	Dr.	Fra-
cinnamon, two teaspoonfuls of Mrs. 3obn McEwan, Bathurst Vil-	tion. One day ho invited the young	OF DODD'S KIDNEY PILLS.	lick has made in	all	100	experiments
Cloves. Fill a stone jar and earthen ,aKe’ N.B., writes : , " My baby was lady of his choice to accompany him	- and has met	with encouragement in
diah with alternate layers of fruit alm08t constantly troubled with col- on a tour of his garden, that he	Was in	the	Clutch	of Bright’s Di-	nil of them
and sugar with spice and vinegar ic before 1 &ttVe him Baby’s Own Tub-	might show her a “curious freak of	sease—Suffered all the Symp-
between each. Set this into a kettle let8' but sinco KivinK thcm to him he	Nature.’' Leading her to a bed of	toms of this Fearful Malady—
of boiling water and cook until the ba8 not, sinco suffered. Every mother	cress, her eyes fell on these words	But He Took Dodd’s Kidney
should keep these tablets always at	outlined in the green of the cress: “I	Bills in Time,
hand “	Love You ' The girl was naturally
They cost 25 cents a box. You	covered with blushes and confusion
at this sudden and unexpected declaration, and tho lover took such
advantage of the psychical moment ern curse so dreaded by doctors, that, when the lovers returned to the Bright’s Disease, the incurable mulhouse their happiness showed con- ady of the Kidneys, elusively that tho horticulture had The story of Mr. Chartrand's es-no been in vain.	cape from this dreadful disease is
A lover who thought to make best told in his own words: music the medium of iris proposal did	had been greatly troubled by
no meet with equal success* Seiz- my Kidneys for two years, since having an opportune moment when he ing a dose of tho gripBj
was alone with his lady-love, he sat with backache and I always felt 1 own to the piano and began to play drowsy and very heavy in the limbs, j
ams 8	with frequent severe headaches and j
. * j. 4 _ r ,	0f,tencr, 8tiJl TT pain® in thc,top W will give One Hundred Dollars for an,
looking at her In such a way us to °f my head which preventc i me from case of Deafnex* (oauKed hy cafcurrh) that can
leave no doubt that he intended the doing my work as I would like to do mu be oared by Hall’s Catarrh Curo. Seul
question to be personal.	it. Often my Angers anrd legs would «wclrciiiTUree.
At the conclusion of tfcc song he cramp and occasionally I felt pains . r)rUkK,,t> invited the girl to sing to him, * ' the loins and a very heavy dizzy ‘ Hall’s Kami y Pifu are tho best, whereupon sho sat down and sang, feeling with shortness of breath, and No, sir,” with such spirit that her pain in he left side. SÔmetimcs I answer must have been conclusive would cat very good meals and other ; even to the densest or most sanguine times I would take a biscuit and n
lover.	cup of tea and that would finish mv	_____	or Dyed • »iso Udie.1 w0»r faiiki i H
An excellent example of the per- meal. 1 had tender spots over the	and Hw Hsnsi.i»of errry diZeripUoS.
SSSÜmÜS£,°'C»Y
%	s-**, ays js’lms	sssssr-sas®®	¦ * ***
"i aWfS&STL I	-

HOW SOME MEN PBOPOSE.
k
O
NATIONAL
SONGS
cur-
• t
PRICE 30 CEITTS
Price 60c. May be hU from all Music Dealers
i
.... I How
did it work? Wo haven't spoken for nine years.


MioarJ’s l iniment Believes ïeoraljia
IIelcn:I should
like to do something that would make him miserable for life you marry him, pet ?
Florence: Why don't
Gentlemen,—While driving down a very steep hill last August L.y hors* stumbled and fell, cutting himself fearfully about the head and body. I used MINARD’S LINIMENT freely on him and in a few days he was as well as ever.
seums lions.”
J. B. A. BEA UC HE MIN.
Sherbrooke.
When yen write te an advertiser tell him that
CALVERTS
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
The fluid may be given
Fer mil skim ailments.
A CeJurrt A Ce, Aanohaeter, England
Brass Band
Ineirumenta, Drum», Unlfdrma. etc
SïTMWÏÏ,1’.rs 2£ hJS"	- ""	*¦«•* WB11E! KOTO! t 00., Limited,
chance lie was saved from that mod-	_ Toronto, Ont, and Winnipeg, Man
plums arc tender. Four into and jars.
Baked plums are delicious but very.	. . t	...
rich. Fill a stone Jar with alternate can flnd them at *°w druggists or, layers of fresh damson plums and ** y°u do nob» forward the money sugar, cover, and let them bake direct to us and we will send the slowly four or five hours in a mod-1 tablets prepaid. 1 he Dr. Williams' j	Medicine Co., Dept. T , Brockville,
Ont.
cans
Deafness Cannot be Cured
by local application*, m they cannot reach tho diseased portion of the eir. There is only one way to cure deaf no**, and ;hat is by con<tltu-tional remedies. De<fnet-P is caused by an Inflamed condl' ion of f he mucous lining of the KusUv;hlan Tube. When ibis tube is in-, flamed you have a rumbling sound or imper feet hearing, and when It is ent roly closed dtufnosa Is the result, a net unies* I ho inflam, mation oan be UVncutand this iubo restored to its normal oonditl. n, hearing will be de
SîigïuM I Dominion Line Steamships
flamed condition of tho mucous surface'. I	Monti sal to LiferpoeL Boston to Liver-
pool. Portland to UisrpooL Via Qu et astern.
Large and FkitSteauuLipa Superior accommodation tor all cU**i of jpa-eengera. Moons and Stateroom# tre amidehipa Special attention baa bom «van to the Second Saloon and Third-Claæ accommodation. Foi
LNOINEERS'
SUPPLIES.
Asbestos Goods, Pipe Govorin Lubricating
Grease#, eto.
WM. SUTTON 09MPSUND 00.,
Limited,
TORONTO.
S'
:cn
Ik
FOR HOUSEKEEPERS
wiisoi
A NEW QUALIFICATION
In thess days nearly everyone has ,	.	.. . .	.. .	.
a rocker chair or two. They may be	° d ^adV spphetl at an employ-
almost indefinitely preserved if one ment °^ice f°r a maid-
will only take the trouble to give	1 want a littlc *irl bctwoen ton
them a coat of linseed oil every >'cars 101(1 fourteen ycal*3 of affo who
spring and follow it with a coat of 19 fond of mushrooms.
Fond of mushrooms ? repeated the
>40*2
I suffered
varnish
----- Tho oil keeps the rattan ,	.	.
soft and the varnish keeps it from employment agent. That is some-
getting dry and brittle. Then, if thing I never inquired about of ap-
the woodwork, should there be any plicanta. I don t understand.
gets a coat of paint once a year or Well, 1 always ret*uire 11 * rePlied
ho, the chairs will not only last long <bo °*d lady‘ * am ^ery *ond I but will look well for years. And mushrooms myself, and there are so
the woman can do the work herself many mistakes made. Tho idea
instead of incurring a bill çA several cam0 Inc scvwal years ago, and dollars.	it was a dispensation of Providence
,, that it did, or I would have been killed. I have my mû id eat a portion of all mushrooms brought the house before any are served to I have lost two excellent maids a" I from toadstools during the past five
past redemption. There is no Place j	Nuking the chanced“d? eat- i dare«V' Becky said, seemingly in
where a stitch in time saves nine- . mushrooms unless 1 have a maid great agitation. I say again I
ty-nine more than in the case of to tvSt thorn.	want you I ” Sir Pitt said thumping doctors gave me all this time but
a rug that begins to ravel.	!	+_______ the table. "I can’t get on without they did me no good. A few weeks
Why shouldn't a woman do her |	vnKTT? WAQ TTAnnv	Ypu. All my accounts have got mud- ago I chanced to tell a friend that 1
own work ? asks a writer in one of |	EVERYONE HAfc» HAÏ I Y.	died without you. You must come hud given up hope.
eur magazines, speaking of tho wives A gentleman had five daughters, the hack. Do come back.” "Como as of clerks, mechanics, tradesmen, peo- first of whom married Mr. Poor, the what’ sir?” pie generally who must live on small	second	Mr.	Little, the third	Mr.
Incomes. Why shouldn't she do her	Short,	the	fourth Mr. Brown,	and
own work and do it well, too ? i	the fifth Mr. Ilogg. At the	wed-	"They	Say	there’s	going	to	be	a	.	.	...	...	...	.	..
That’s her end of the load, why not	ding of	the	latter her sisters,	with	wedding	in	V	parish	next	month," proved ™y health	that	without	hesi-
pull fair ? Why should she feel nb- their husbands, were there, and the	blurted out a rustic Yorkshireman to	tatl()n 1,8ay /	!,	19	Dut a
used because she has her daily | old gentleman said to tho guests :	a maid, after they had been sitting	°/ B •*Jort tImo 4, ,
task» ? Why resent them and shirk j I liavc taken pains to educate my	in solemn silence side by side for	completely and permanently	cure;
them and complain about them? Her daughters that they might act well what must have seemed an eternity. _Q	.	. *	.	„
husband Jias his work, work he can't their part in life and do honor to “Nay, thou doesn't say so?" she an-	TurkS “t™ e*	n
shirk, and that he does cheerfully. | my family. I find that all my pains, swered, pricking up her oars. "I've *h0	m
On him reposes the heaviest part of cares and expectations have come at	heard nowt on't. What’s his name?"	Itussia 8 rccora*
the burden, the most responsibility— last to nothing but a Poor, Little,	“They say it’s Jack Clupham," the	up
that of earning a maintenance for Short, Brown, Hogg."	rustic lover hazarded, mentioning	^OZODOti I Tooth Powder	250
his family.	-------------- his own name. "And who’s V lass?”	-------» -	---
What a shame it is for a woman	A DISTRESSING CASE.	the Kirl snapped out in suspicion. Harry, how do you like my new j Penelope: Heavens, Jack Î
to waste the material her husband	.	$ “Why, she’s gotten V same name as hat ? I don't know, Harriet. Does-j you forgotten how to waltz? --------
provides, by turning it over to an	Vat’s de madder, Izzy.	thee, Bess," he ventured. "Will ta	n't it need a little more fruit on	top , have stepped on my toe. Jack Dash-
incompetent "girl” or by her own	I am in great troubles. Ve	soldi	come and see it?" "Yes, I’ll come,	and a little more shrubbery on	tho ink: Pardon me, Penelope, your feet
ignorance depriving it of its fuB	a man a set of teeth mit a	gold	Jack," she answered, with a quick	left side ?	are so small i could not see them,
value.	plate at four dollars down und two flush and a sly look at her diplomat-
Womcn ought to think more of a veek. Und ho hasn’t made the sec-	ic loyer|	MNNNN
their duties to their husbands and ond payment.	appoint 'em, wouldn’t it?”
less of their husbands' obligations Vy don’t you take de teeth avay were not disappointed, towards them. There would be more from him ? happiness, less discord, more wealth, Vo can t, in many a home if they would.	—
WILT THOU BE MINE?
* 9
Of
rates cf p*»x»ge sad all particulars, apply to any s*eo| at the Company, or
Richards. Mills à Co.
T7 StaieSt., Boeto».
D. Torrance ft Co..
Montres! and Portland.
s i
The estates of tne 31 largest land-| owners in Britain average 183,000 acres each.
Gents’Suits Cleaned
A rug is like a "railroad stocking ii the rapidity with which it goes to pieces when a thread or two gets broken. Most people think, "I'll fix it to-morrow," and eventually awaken to the fact that the rug
to
me
x
DOUGLAS BROS.,
1M Adelaide Sl,
Tone Nig, 0*f
Metallic SKYLIGHTS
Gold coin loses 1 per cent, of | ROOFING
weight in 50 years, silver 1 cent, in ten years.
and Sheet Metal Works
¦ ,	ROOFING SLATE, In Black
per Rad or Green. SLATE BLACKBOARDS. We supply Public and High School*. Toronto). Honing Felt, Pitch, Coal Tar, etc. ROOFING TILE (See New City Build-Inge. Toronto, done by our Inn). Metal Celling», Cor. ciuiM, etc. Eetlniatea furnished for wort complete or foi materials shinped to any part of tbftountry. Phone i&3 U. DOTHIS A SONS. Adelaide A Wldmerita., Torontl
" Why don't you try Dodd’s Kid-Rcbccca gasped out. I ncy Pills?' ho told me.
"Come as Lady Crawley, if you “1 went directly to the drug store like."	I and got three boxes which I have
used and which have so much im-
g uard's Liniment Cures DundrulF
DOOMED EITHER WAY.
Doctor—-Mr. Tifflington, your wife will risk her life if she attends that wedding so soon after having the
grip.
Mr. Tifflington—Well, doctor, she’ll die if she has to miss it.
liai
•lie

i
n$

11 years. This is double
A DEPOSITORY
FOR SAVINGS
o
Minard's Liniment Cures Burns, ete.
Have You
where the most cautious may leave their money with implicit confidence that it is not subject to risk of any kind is provided by the Savings de partment of
It would be a pity to dls-
They"
' 4
4t
THE CANADA PERMANENT AND WESTERN CANADA MORTGAGE CORPORATION
''fc'ê'AA'
C«À/ û '&juCruU wt,
ij y
O^urpvioynJ^ frf vCtyUW fiU/ïTi*
a/
f-
He’s got lockjaw
Maid (breathlessly) :	Oty, miss,
both the gents you is engaged to has called, and they’re in tho parlor, and somehow or other they've found it out, and oh, miss, I'm ’fraid there will be trouble !
Miss Flirtie: Horrors! Oh, dear ! Whnt shall I do ?
Maid (after reflection) : I’ll fix it. I’ll run an* tell ‘cm you’re cryin' y’r eyes out 'cause y’r father 1 all his money.
Ortindma: Now, Willie, what are u going to do
of beans, but they must get heartily people tremble liki aspen lea\ts at sick of them before the close of the tho very mention of ray name, season. Beans are very hearty, and
’Z?S	130ZM0IIT hr th. TEETH 2$o
Liberal rates of Interest paid or compounded half-yearly. It Is recog-
TOO MANY BEANS
CANADA’S
PREMIER
COMPANY

lo



###PAGE###8###
•T
' \ X > >>




* ^
H.
- '
WA..
\
À
l


Get Ready for
E. HODCINS & SON’S ADVT.
OÜR
OUR BIO EXHIBITION
Threshing1 Time * * t
LEADERS:
OP • • •
• •
• e
GRANBY RUBBERS.
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue ¦ ¦ - ¦
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
S15.00
We invite you to call and examine our stock
of Rubbers and wo are confident that the price and quality will appeal to your judgment of good values. We have all the latest styles and shapes.
Every Farmer’s wife is anxious and worried in preparing for « the threshing.
Let us help you out :
Rice,
Tapioca,
Sago.
$12.60
• #
# #
• #
# e
$1.00

Be in % Swim and get your Rubbers from us.
It|. STEWART

Raisins,
Currants,
Prunes.
H. McGUIRE.
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE
. SHAWVILLE.

i
THE WAR.
Public Notice.
D. C. Sanderaon and Rev. Foeter Me-Ammond, the Methodist Ministers of the conference, whose unhappy experience in PROVINCE OF QUEBCE,	Syracuse recently brought them much
School Municipality of Clarendon. , ,,ülor*e*7»	^as.t
_	I T» 11! w i' * ,	•	.	. i, and made a repoit. The committee re-
London, Sept. 21 -Further dehvl. of | Public Sotice « hereby given to nU pro- commended 'hit R«v. Mr. Sandeis.n be
the recent British surprise at Soheepet'», l'nvt(,ls reA( entite and resident house a it re djd until C nf r<n:e : and that
Npk show tllAt lhrPA> r imnntiiaanf mr.iinfr. 1 elOlclcrfl if t lll^ AT UUH‘11 Iftlltÿ* tllftt the 1 ? a v MaI	I «  _1 i . a
I
f

Cups and Saucers,
Plates,
Tea Sets,
Dinner Sets,
Knives and Forks,
:o:	Spoons :o:
Linen and Cotton Towelling, Wanted ! Table Linen from 25c. to $1 per yd.
BRITISH VAVCITT IN A TRAP AND MEET
WITH REVERSES.
V
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.
In Plain White
Xck «how that three c ,n>p»nie«of mount- !	' fnt'|ls Municipality, that the I U.f, Mc Ammond te reprove*‘bv the
ed infantry, with three guns, under Major | ^ .V 00110,1 il,d <>f School Taxes as esta- chairman,
¦ reconnoitering luuth 0f j Wished by the School Com mission, rs of notion with the mountaH diis Municipality has been made and
l, ana that it now is and •omain in my possession for inspect* I i,-,w r'» e,,u uvw i
by parties interested during thirty ; l„°, " .üilîî!” days from this notice, during which time . Ha asked S»ewar\ who it may lie amended. Any ratepayer may,
he wjs suddenly attacked on hisright and amendment at the meeting ofjthe Corn-front and overpowtr.'d. Stewart	‘	""
able to co-operate with G mgh.
London, Sept. 21 —Corne ed casualty ?md nino hundred and one, at the Town rturns show that the tquulron of the Wall, in the Village of Shawville, at the Seventeenth lancer», in their tight wi h h *ur of ten o'clock in the morning ; but the force of Bo;r C msiandant Sniuti, sucil delay expired, it shall come into auatan ei a remarkable 1ms Of a total force, and every person interested, after force not exceeding 100 they lost three having taken cognizance thereof, if he so otiLers and 30 men k l ed and two i tiiseis desire, shall pay the amount of his taxes and 31 men wounded.	; to the undersigned, at his office, within
and
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
Gough, were
I	m	U Vtrech in conjunction with the mounted .
Summer Time Card r,fle8i under Stewsr1. Gough sighted 800 *s completed
mim imu May 13,1901.	.............
and .	to the
looking them.
The suspension of the Rev. Mr. Sind-erarn was the limit of the committee’s 1 power, and now it remains for Conference
u The whole evidence w.l» bo submitted to the Montreal Conference of the Me hod at Church next June, when Mr. Saudetson's case will he
is relieved of all ministerial work. The committee, consisted of Rev. J. Tail man
mission era to take place on Thursday, I jucher, chairman ; Rev. Dr. A ml iff,
Seven'eenth day of ()c obvr, one thous-	^	® n»burg
|	|	¦	Rev. J. T. Mansell, B. ok ville ; Rev. Dr.
Lirmour, Easton's Corners, and Rev. D.
Cummings, Rakenham
Printed Ware.
ion
over
Train No* 1 Waves Ottawa Train Xo. 2 arrives “
Tl N
Train No. 4 arrives 4
Train No. 5 leaves "
Train No. 0 arrives *
Train No. S arrives |‘
Train Ko. 7 leaves
Trains No. 1 and 2 daily except Sunday.
Train No. 3 and 4 daily except Saturday & Sunday Trains No, 5 ami t> Saturday only.
Trains No. 7 and S Sunday only,
For ti kets apply Ticket Agent, Central Station.
P. \V. RESSEMAN.
GeiPl Sup’t.
5 00 r. M R.4& A. M,
leaves
A. M
0.15 P. M 1.30 P. M 9.10 V. M. 7.45 P. M 0.30 A. M,
was un
1
Apprentice
to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay "f thirty days w thout further notice.
Win burg, Sep*. 21.—General Eiliott’s I Given at Shaw ville, this Fourteenth columns hare teen busy cbanng the «lay of the month of September, nineteen Brand water basin, in which 13 or more | hundred and one.
monthi ago P»intioo and Lit 4,000 wiri ctptured . Mr. St yn ai d De Wet who were seemingly bo ding a meeting of burghers in the neighborhood, compelled to take to their heels.
A good smart Boy to learn Tiusmithing.
PE WET AND E LE YIN FLED
E. HODGINS & SON.
G. E. WAIN MAN.
Official Time Table :
AM
Hvoh Mathekon,
See.-Treasurer
men
Arrive D.45
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tDreckciiridge t’Eardley Parker’s Crossing V Mohrs Quyon Wyman’s ?Tank Bristol McKee’s Shawville Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ?Tank t’Vlnton Cou longe •Mellon’s Waltham
9.21
6 0J
9.06
6.12
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
6.18
M
8.58
6.26
• •
8.50
were
Notice to Boiler Owners.
h
6.37
8.40
6.47
6 22
• #
6.56
«•
8.14
To buy well, watch ihe latest prices and information in the tpecial TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Deed* Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
w.	free
CANADIAN SCOUTS.
Prehrla, Sept. 20.—A small column, about 400 strong, under Col. Hackett Thompson tf the Cameron Highlander*, including eome yeomanry and Sixtieth Canadian scouts, mirching tast from Hekpoort and thence to Waterval, came up near Wagen Drift with some of Hinton’s train wreckers, who have rejoined the commandoes of Williams, Piet Uya and Piet Viljoen. The column succeeded in driving the Boers northeast, killing , owner four of the wreckers and taking two once communicate with prisoners, one of whom was mortally!	LOVISGVJON,
ôtZÎu dheh alB° t0°k 1T"	r0V"WS?°(7.briefstreet,
of cattle and sheep, • ma rifles and am |	Montreal
munition and five wagons. Several mail bags, soldier’s preketbooks, etc., were recovered. The British losses were three wouuded.
6.58
8.08
In accordance with the provisions of the Act 57 Victoria, Cap. 30, every owner of a steam boiler carrying over six (fl) pounds of steam, is obliged every year to supply the Inspector of Factories with a certificate of inspection of their boiler and steam pipes. Owners w ill he notified by Inspector of District and shall afford him every means for the inspection. Oopies of certificates must l»e returned by 30th October, 1901. Kvery owner that opposes such inspection, or neglects to comply, after being notified, will be prosecuted at once. Any that has not been notified will at
•Guns,
Rifles,
Ammunition,
• I
7.M
6 02
7.26
52
7.45
7.31
6.00
7.18
8 03
7.1C
6.12
7.06
8.30
6.54
6.47
6.39
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
6.55 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTank. F Flag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
Leave 6.30
Montreal and Toronto.
P. W. RESSEMANT,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT

PATENTS
tor
RAILWAY.
1 PROMPTLY 5ECUREDI
Anarchists Armed
_ »
Write for our interesting books " Inveat-
Springvalley, I 1., Sept. 22 —Twenty I Scud us ? rough sketch or°model of1ymirta-
rSMA Mïtiï SSSSSsEEEg
are itioding guard over the office of “*1 «uccessfuiiy prosecuted ?y us. We!
L'Aurore, the notorious en.chi.t publics-	to“roS?|!
_	tion which expressed J. y at the muider >ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents
London, Sept. 22-The war offioe has of President McKinley and satisfaction Krnkhed.*^^"^"^^ Highest reference,
it c dived the folio wit, g despatch from	over the	. announcement cf Assassin	f	Patents procured	through	Marion	*	Ma-
Trains leave Ottawa Central	Depot:—	Lf.rd kitchener, dated Pretoria, Sept, 22:	Czilgo*z that he trai an anarchist.	Irion receive special	notice	without charge in
?iTt " Kritzirger, while endeavoring to Meanwhile 2,000 citizens of an adjoin-1	distributcrf trough.
Bran.-h, Valleytleld, connects \t Cotelu	passage of the Orange river near I irg town have sent word to the authori- \ Specialty Pa tent business of Manufac
f»r Cornwall and points west:	Iiershelix at 1 o clock, Friday morning, j ties there that they are reidy and anxious ' 'turcrs au< h,,K,nc*rs-
i 8.00 A.M. Sundays only—Stops	at intermediate	\	r“ahed the camp of a party of Lovatt's	to start at	a moment's notice for this city
ttîYor OarituehJd.M0Dlreal 1100	a,ra* Pu,lmun	I	8COUt8* He failed to cross the river, but	and wist	at exterminating the rods.—
aSTSSrïàSÿ S	! S? SKS	&&£
Hll points south	Of	the st. Lawrence	River, st.	hafl ltfd Lovatt s scouti with	great	eallan-	i anarchist in	h s employ. The amr*
E, B.	Under eve, of	d„kne«	the	B*,,,	13%*	number
«P.55 P: M. Local -Stops at Intermediate stations, mani8ed to carry off a gun. They were The amrchuti threaten to hold a mass
I ira	1
hriizinger lost tao killed and 20 taken ensue and thrre can be but one ending, prisoners.'	j for the pitriotic citizens here will be re-
. Lord Kitchener reports that the Brit- in forced by outaideis who will come pre-l.sh captured by the Boers in the ambush - pared for busiuess. near Schceper’a Nek, Sept. 17, have been | releiacd and that the casualties in the recent Valkfontem engagement when the Boers captured a company of mounted infantry and two guns were an officer and 5 men killed 23 men wound-id. 6 officers and 10b men taken prisone s. 1 HMj TO AND FROM THE west.	I nounce* that there prisoners have
(Daily, except Sunday)	keen released.	M . I -
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:	Ha further reports the capture of two !11 f0*” ftf- cants a
8 15 A. M. For Ampri*»r, Renfrew. Egsnviiie Pern-	commandoes ; r ne	consisting of 55 men	Price received by the Western	farmer—
bn.kf, Barry's ii.iv, Whitney. Canot-Luke/Parry	under Commandant Hock.-, who were	w,ll bring only a little more	than this
4 40 P*M ZTZZr'tl'L r	,	taken with their	entire tr.n.portation , enormous sum The United Stile, .gri
F,m‘	I	.we,t of Adenburg.	end the other eon.ut	cu tursl d< pirtroent eitimut,,	that fee-
ing of 54 men, including P. J. Botha, who thered life has decreased 40 per cjnt. were taken with 48 wagons and their during the Just fifteen year*. To this debelonging*, south of Carolina.	' crease in the number of wild birds is
! attributed the increase in harmful imecti and bug*. Sj it appears that this ooun Toronto, .September 20. —Prof. Gold- . try is annua ly sacrificing the equivalent win Smith and Mrs. Smith have donated of n wheat crop for the privilege vf killing 910,000 to the library of Toronto Uniter j the sorg and game bird* sity. In the letter accompmytng the gift. the donors refer to the celebration of the millenary of King Alfred, the patron hero and legendary founder of Prof.
Smith's o’d college at Oxford, and atate that the donation ta intended as a of paying tribute to the u restorer of English learning " as well as a mirk of interest in Toronto University.
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT. Trains daily between
AT
# e
Lt -Col. Murray Killed
ARMSTRONG BROS
KITCHENER REPORT? ENGAGEMENTS
WITH KRITZINGER.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
"J
On and after J une 16,1901, and until further advised train service will l»e as follows :
LADYSMITH.
out
P. S.—Hardware.
MARION & MARION ¦
Patent Experts end Solicitors.
i— {aaflftaaiSiB!
is
I
CHAWVILLE’S
U NEW
A

I
¦
SASH and DOOR
etc
Trains arrive at Ottawa Cinaral Depot :
«12.20 P.M. Local -from Boston, New York, New England and Montreal at 9.15 a. m. lias Pullman Parlor and Sleeping Cars attached.
9.U5 P. II. Local—From Montreal, and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston. Toronto, and points west. lias Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 5.45, p. m.
a 6.55 P: M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at 4.10 p.in. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
FACTORY.
Save the Birds
o
We have just received another large assortment of Ladies’ and Gent s Rings from the best ring makers in Canada	-> >
Call and see them.
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
¦The 8* Louis Repub n says: Dr. L. He am 10* H ward estimates that the United States pays $300,000,000 tribute to the bug annually. This
Middle and Western Divisions.
since
year’s wheat crop
budiel—an average
Sash,
l
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
LOOP. M Mixed Train for A rnprior, Renfrew Egan ville, Madawaskaaud Intermediate «latinos
A pleasure to show goods.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Dejmt :
11.10 A. M. From Madawnxka, Pembroke. Egan-ville, Renfrew. Arnprinr and intermediate points.
6.55 P. M From Parry Sound. Fganvllle, Ren-Irew. Aniprior and intermediate points.
% 50 P. M. Mixed Traîna from Madawaska. Egan-ville, Renfrew, Amprior and intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first clasa work.
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past. I shall look forward to a future increase in business.
i
Minister Suspended.
CASE OF REV. MR . SANDERSON KENT TO I
CONFERENCE.
Central Depot, Bussell House Block
9
Tickets to Europe and nil part* of the world by all Aiiv-iican and Canadian steamship lines also Cook's
• e
JOHN 6. ELLIOTT
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
MAIN STREET - -
means
tours.
a. Trains run daily exsept Sunday. V. Sunday only, c, Daily.
Smith’» Falls, Ont., September 20 — The committee of trial in the case of Rev.
- - SHAWVTLLB.
PROPRIETOR.
à
J
