###PAGE###1###

No. 42. lOni Year.
s h aw ville, ponti^g county, que., Thursday, apkil 10, 1902.
11.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
«" «Lm*WA I MERCHANTS' UK
MUST CLAW
farm fencing
Noth*.—All account* due mo mu*t he
W. T. EARL,
nettled by April l$th
Head OfBce
OTTAWA, CANADA. .........I2.ooe,m
......... l.T#t.#W
Capital paid uj
All nocount* due me rou«t be nettied 1* fore the 24 th of April.
07 CANADA.
ONLY
AVE YOU ANYTHING TO PAINT ?
iUet
II. iMisoN, Photographe
Board vf Dindon :
Charles Maole, Bmq., PreeSde.it. Grom* Hat, efq., Vice-President.
Ho*. Oeo. Batwim, J*
Ai.Ki.rkAk». Enq ,
30 Cents per ROD.
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000.
O æaa AAA PABY Carriages.—Several styles in • Z»0UU>UUU# I stock a; different prices.
Jab. Graham.
for eeJe by
»•' I reserve fund,
.. Do it Now I
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., limited,
PICTON, ONT.
Head Office, • Montreal.
OIOROIBURN D. H. riNNIK
General Manuk-er, .. .. Manager
I frame plot,urea at a very reanonable ,	^
price. Call and see samples.	|Wânt6d"*A smart, intelligent boy to
H. Imibgn, Photographer, [learn the printing business.
Apply at The Rycnv Office,
Bitnckas î
IN ONTARIO
Kaewalia,
Keertv.Ua,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
«lo
¦Mi	do	Bank St:	Nenfrrw
Piece,	do Rideau 8t.	Toronto,
do Soeerwt BL Wiofhceter Veuklerk Hill, bœith’i Fells
IN MANITOBA * Ports pc	La Pre trie
¦	yVRBEC : WÊÊÊÊM
!, Hull, Latkoia. Bkewimgaa Fella.
Agents ia Canada, New York aid Clncago— Bank of Montreal.
A font# in Bt. Peul-Meickar.t* Nat Bank: Agents In London, En#.—Pen’s bank Ltd.
Milliner?.-There Is now In stock at PBRBBH M!n* B. Tremblay's, Bryson, a beautiful Money loaned on approved eeeorlty at | assortment of the latest Spring and
Summer hats.
8EAWHLLE BRANCH,
Alexandria, Amphor, Avon more, Braae bridge,
Csrleion
OoWen
Hawkeebury,
la»Ark,
Perry bound, Pembroke,
We have Everything
in the line of ...
Paints and
V ar nishes
(the good kind)
^nd Brushes to put it on with.
lut rurUft, Winchester,
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and eollected.	I AW Go to Imison's Art Studio for Photos,
.|sttrsti—a* E"r,u"n6
BAVIN08 BANK
• • •
FOR SALE.—A few general use Horses, in good condition for Spring Fanners' notes taken in settlement
John Hamilton, Clarendon
work
Dauphin
Wlnnlieg,
The undersigned desires to inform the residents of Shaw ville and surrounding country that he has taken over the GROCERY ANI) BUTCHERING BUSINESS lately carried on byJ.G. McGuire and proposes continuing the same in his old stand—corner of Main and Pickanock Streets, Shaw ville.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
1« A M to 3 P.M.
10 A M TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER,
Manager.
Monti*»!
RAM8AY0 PAINTS-the right
Office Hours
SATUBDiTS .
Paint to peint right. See new plc-
O. F. Hodglne, Shaw ville.
Ladies, our shoes contain the “Armstrong KleilbleInsole’*—warm and dry in winter, light and tool in summer. Non conductor of beat, cold and moisture. Genuine Invisible cork cushion insole
At Stewart»,
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
I
For Sale, Cheap.—Good Milk Waggon. ^Apply to
Colonist special trains to the Canadian North west for settlers and their effects will pass Arnprior at 9.46 p m. every Tuesday in March and April All information from t for the McCormick I J. H. Tierney, ticket agent, Arnprior, Machine Co., has just received a car load | Out.
, of McCormick Light Draft, Vertical Lift |--------------—. —-----------------------
For Bale.—A tine young Bay Horae Mowing Machines, also a consignment of (6 this spring)—good horse for fern	Farmer, retiring machines
work. Wül be sold cheap for owb. *««“	*** inspect Were purchasing
Apply to Da. Lton, Bhawiille. '
What’s the matter with Joe’< he-so ?
He’s all right.
the
reminded that we cannot Ineertion of matter uni
U le In
Hamilton Stewart, Lot 28, R. 6, Clarendon
k.
of
By fitrfct attention to business and * an earnest endeavor to give.the beat satisfaction to the public I hope to merit their patronage and support
G. A. Howard
WANTED—Girl for general housework Apply at once at The Equity Omet
Don’t forget
h. a. hodcins. | Alabastine
The only Wall Tint.
Mr. Joe McKibl
spent a few days in Eardley last week visiting his par-
• 10*
cots
Hereafter, Dr. 8 tack house, Sur- Masters Herbie and Clarence Smart, germ Dentist, will he at Shawville on of Renfrew, spent the Easter holidays third Tuesday in each month» and Camp- with Mr and Mrs. Wellington Smart. Remember Dr Stackhouse’s appoint- bell’s Bay the following day. Parties will I wonder what takes those two young mente next week : Shawville, Tuesday oblige very much by calling early.	men with the same name up Stonv Bat-
% ZTC *5? 2 jBSbaffsas» %»
week had the effect of prolonging the April. 16Ü1L A good chance for a Photo
wmewhat beyond
Lost.—Somewhere between Main st. and the Station, a Gold Locket with the name “Emma engraved on it.—
Finder will oblige verv much by returning to The Equity Office.
Mr. Moses McCord has sold his house and lot on Pickanock street to Mr. John Judd, of Thome. Mr. McCord intends removing up the C.P.R.
Wanted
A teacher for District No. 6, Thome. Term 6 months. To commence May 1st, 1902. Salary 16 a month. Most have a ¦	i S. M LOGAN.
diploma. Address
Thorne Centre, up till April 90th.
Bristol.
Wall Papers, Window Shades, Carpets.
Mr Willie Grant was in Ottawa for a lay the 7th inst., to few days during Easter week.
Hodgine, a son.	Miss Hunter returned from Aylmer
Shiwoli* for SAL:.—A quantity of shingles for sale.
Samvel Smiley,
Range 5, Clarendon
Bom*.—On Mm Mr. and Mrs. G. F
=ss	ip
Aturrtjsa %	w. tsss ms
eron, aged 21 years and 11 months. dl7:. -	.	_	. .	HAY FOR SALE.—At the office of Huy h
.KWS3	¦êSSSîSC ESiSSE-SSB
SsEBsHS*ÎSTS-ZkESïSSZ:"ZZ"
ssssss
-	said to deceased is survived by a widow and one spent a very enjoyable time visiting generally, that lam having a new and
Mr. Hugh Prendergast, and several friends in Ottawa during the Blaster more suitable quarters fitted up, and exdaughters, all of whom are married. His	holidays.	pect to be ready to	receive all	who come
Dr. S. R. Martin, Surgeon Dentist,	remains were interred in the cemetery Mr. Graham and Miss McCredie,	of	the^in	before the	24th	of	this month.
Ottawa, will be at Quyon April 11th and	i„ this village on Friday last, after eer-	Shawville, spent	Sunday	with	Mrs.	1 h	8Uy#	' “	*
12th; Shawville, 14th and 16th; Bryson,	vice in the Methodist Church, of which	Hugh McCredie
16th; Campbell’s Bay, 17th; Coulonge, denomination he was a consistent member. Miss Hunter who ham succeeded for the
---?-- third time in winning the govemnunt
jitissa r=ys,t -syssr: os jss «a -tssr
writer having omitted to give us his or had the following item her name, which is required not for publication but merely as a guarantee of A Tailor.	I There are among your reader some
A Lawyer.	who have gone out into the wide world,	returned to Pincher Creek,	Alberta, for
A Jeweler.	but whose homes and loved ones are in	the benefit of his health	which imA Laundry.	Pontiac County, and whose hearts ever	proved very much during a	few months’
A Cramery.	cling to the scenes of their childhood,	sojourn there last summer.	' ,
A Dog Catcher.	To us Tee Equity is a welcome mes- Mr. Duncan Campbell, of Arnprior, was
Fire Protection.	j senger.	in town last week, working up some life
Another Hotel.	We read, with interest, the records of insurance with one of our local agents,
A Livery Barn.	Council meeting, the accounts of enter- Mr. R. Brownlee.	~	,
mm
- Jered during the ed The Equity the above clipping, i to us.	wr* 0 gl *
Shawville could well publish such a When through your columns the mar- Miss Jennie Hodgios, took advantage list, but with different items. For in- tiage chimes peal forth their joyous 0f the Easter examinations to vivit her Mrs William Harrison, of Elsie Mine, stance, we might call for waterworks sounds, we rejoice with them that do sister, Miss Letitri, At New York, leav-Sudbury District, recently sent The to protect the village from fire, we might rejoice, and when we here the tolling of ing for the American Metropolis on Bqvity a large specimen of hen fruit, call for improved roads, and a more vig I the funeral bell we “weep with them March 28th.
to show that even in that rugged mining orous fulfillment of street labor. We that week.”	¦¦¦¦
region the Great Canadian Hen maintains might aUl (or improved sidewalks, and ask	Reader, if from home circle a girl or ,	, transport substituted for the
her reputation. Alas, however, the citizens to nail slabs over the hoke to	boy has gone out lieyund the borders of	that rewere going through Zu-
aforesaid specimen, was sent to us by keep persons from falling through. Then the County and has forgotten to keep in , bnd #nd it WM thought better to give mail, wrapped in a tin box, and whether call for lights on dark n ghts to see the	touch with old Pontiac, send to the ab . j transport. The wagg
sat'upon during transit by one of our alaba. Our fnend, of course, is not in	sent one] a year subscirption of your ” j„ uae jn the Army ServiceCorns
big railway magnatos-who are usually the Council.	weekly paper, and it will revive the	a bolt or a particle has gone
credited with hatching great schemes at	--»- home love in the heart, and fill with	Tht, have done admirable ser
all times-or passed through! some other	comer	g,ldneKti manZ * lo“°,/k>ar . u	’
trying experience, it unfortunately came	An Old Clarendon Boy. j ^now the Studebaker waggon very
to grief, as a very much flatt-ned and	~	_ ...	-	well, having used it for years, and to say
Win, Hurstield were re-elected Church	^ every biud of transport used in
* Mr.6 John «mart has had the exterior Modderfontein, Sept, 10th, 1901.	^t^t'w^lkdTtoUmragimeot
Editor Egüirr	of the house clap boarded, which adds From c0l. 8. B. Steele,	the Company referred to.
Dear Sir according to the census re- greatly to ite appearance. The work Commadlng “B” Division, S A C. | „„ of the opinion that the Stude-
lltt tUppUm
mzhsss hSflaBWKE &at
Zfcra&tfe ssstt.*s?;üS,“

Wretchedly bad road* did cot prevent a considerable volume of business being done in town last week.
J
SHAW.
sportsmen. Bob’s acquisition is be a fast one.
son,
PERSONAL
18th
Mrs A. H. B<-x, of this town, has been visiting her mother. Mrs P J. Campbell, of Renfrew, who has been on the sick list.
To the Editor of The Equity
WHAT SHELDON NEEDS
Mr. Andrew McCredie, of Bristol, has
good faith.
Mr. James Cuthbertson, who with his wife and child, have been wintering in California, is here on a visit for a few weeks. He says the change of climate proven very beneficial to Mrs. Cuthbert-
kod's health,
Seeds !
ory
Just Arrived from % Best and Most Reliable Seedsmen ..
Field Seeds Garden Seeds
Flower Seeds.
time
and music were re evening.

• ¦ ¦
?
9
ons
\
vice
Buy your Seeds in bulk and you will have them fresh at less than half the price of the old package way.
A Question of Figures
THE DRUG STORE.
P. S.- Moth Balls.
wee
Mewts Jim Lei toil mid WilUe Brown oral
A.B.O.
###PAGE###2###
PEOPLE GREAT ADD SHALL
A curious thing throw back attacker», as had
d# successfully done in the Kaffir war# He i» ft Oelarey auict :
been
been hardened, the temperature should be lowered, so as to keep the water just simmering, no more. If kept boiling at a high temperature, ns is done in most vases, the meat is hardened from without, inwards and fuel waited. All salt meats
•r~	1
attempts to soften cellulose, and to	®
render it tender and digestible ; to At Clerkenwell Sessions. London, burst the envelopes of starch grains there recently appeared in the wit-nnd to convert	the starch	into dex-	ness box a Russian named MilhofT.
lloilcd	Sponge	Cake-—Roil one cup	trine.	For this	reason nil	vegetables	He came to give evidence against an
of sugar and one-half cup of water	should be	put on in boiling salted	Englishman whom	the police had ar-
until it threads and pour on to the	Wftt,er, All vegetables contain salts	rested in the act of breaking into
ben ton yolks of flvo oggs, beating	&nd other soluble matter, for which	his warehouse in	the Commercial
constantly meantime. Then set the I they are	valued. and unless the	Road
bowl into cold	water and continue	water	which	they are	cooked is	punish the offender, Mr. Milhofi debeating	until	the mixture is celd, I	used	for stock (except	the water	sired strongly that the man might be
adding the grated rind and juice of	from potatoes)	we lose a great	deal	let off. lie explained that he had behalf a lemon. Beat tho whites of	of their moat useful substance.	gun	life in Russia, his native coun-
li\o oggs until dry and pass a cup	- try,	but that there oppressive laws
of sifted flour through the sieve thej HINTS FOR	HOUSEKEEPERS.	had	rendered his industry unavail-
eocond time. Cut and fold half the % , * .	. t	ke ing. Thirty years ago lie came to
whites into the yolk mixture, then . 1	wUn the England, took out his naturalize- in 1896, and was for years a person-
tho flour tuid lastly the other hall] "hild	. hf. und the weeth- tio" ?aP®ra- and und<>r ,rt* British al friend of the king,
of tho whites. Rake in an ungreased Lr ja	various Vake# into institutions had prospered exceed- Ho, too, was Sir Charles Halle,
tube pan about 50 minutes and let hj h° ,	, r hoartv in*lv ne a tobacconist, says London who was driven out of France by tho
cool in the inverted pan. SpongeL ,.	economical and made Aliswera- The prisoner was the first Revolution of 1843 and took refuge
cake made by any recipe is liable to ! j(, t	rreamimr and beating ^fflishman who had even	with us. His talent was recognized	Ills habitually accurate reasoning
itràiued1onrnge “u^and	POLISH "WELSH RABBIT."	to%%Æfirm f,"i^ DELÀREY A GREAT LEADER ^rBon'^inLnceTmôn'g P21rfT7%'TtV'Th*
ful and a half of sifted flour, then! Things are not alway* what they a very awkward financial crisis. He	I thocountry Boers who In ths west I «¦‘•rpri” and delight to the famous
655?»5rff	“™ns«n. |	—,----------- Trkvl"--
some consisting wholly of oysiers. dish When half melted sprinkle in	NEW LIFE TO 1 HE.	It was a characteristic act of I HOW THE BUSY YANKEE I mouth. His days arc devoted to tho
others of oysters and milk, or oys- the cheeso lightly. Have ready the oldest of countries. Everything he Commandant Uelarcy that he sent	SPENDS THE DAY.	sca' ,» llir„J™ Palntinff or aeiling
ters and water in various proper- yolk of an egg whipped light, with has touched has succeeded, and now his fallen antagonist back to Klerks-	_ on lt; wlth an occasional hour
tions. Just why oyster soups should half a glass each of Madeira and ale. the once friendless Herman clerk is a dorp to ho attended to as soon as g Tntmr.aHn,	», M» , °t"	, ?" " * „yî. or
be thickened and oyster stews should If the Madeira is omitted, double friend of kings, and one of the rich- ho found that Hen Methuen was lit %»t fid	rTherld	v Y °La T	a
not be is inexplicable, since other the quantity of ale. «rate into this est men in the world.	to bo moved. The possession in his	„£	Dninf.	T	K u	a Tlf	r<:Rdy
soups nro usually thin, while stews one-quarter of a nutmeg and add a The great business Of Reuter,	with- hands of a live British General was	ti a	U1D*	wit everyone knows	A little incl-
aro thickened, but	this	seems	to	bo	dash	of	cayenne.	When	the	cheese	out which half the newspapers	of tho	1101 calculated to disturb the clear	Summerville. S.O., enjoys the dis-	fj	onC?. . occ,'Çrocl	at	Marlborough
tho common	practice.	The	thicken-	begins	to	melt	stir	it	steadily,	add-	world would be useless, could	never	I judgment of this remarkable des-	Unction of being both a summer and	"	T,	illustrates	the	keen
ing may be line cracker crumbs or ing very gradually the wine and egg have come into existence without Cendant of tho old French Hugue- a winter resort.	fcn.9e °»	™ [ |,0SS	,y h 8 “a"
####- ste tep®® * m$m
double boiler and thickened and the	imnossibie His news wts cefsorod of Pcace' would Probai)ly furnish tho urcd that their losses by the recent in. If they ran t get in at the door
oysters parboiled meantime in their	At	L^d hti hid aetVuv t^Tihe fews moat valuable matter for scientific £r8 at Paterson will not be less than they’ll get In through the ventilu-
own juice till plump. Then combine. I	papers to mceive it At that «m™ I sludcnts ot Warfare that is to be $3.000.000.	tor”
season and serve at once.	I	irWBFl	flfty voars nffo—not one nation in found on eithcr sidc in 1,10 South The highest of the noted health re-
Europe would allow telegraph	lines	A!™an struggle^ But apart from n	sorts of California are in the San
public, thete is another side to Re-1	the groat lakes. Its greatest depth
farcy as a man.	is 1,003 feet, and the lake is (501
When the Boers struck their first feet above tho level of the sca. blow in the western campaign capturing the British armored train on the Mafcking ling and occupying At last he was positively driven Vryburpr tho Boer operations were to England, where he landed, friend- d,r®ctcd l,>* **\arey. When Vryburg
less and forlorn, in 1851, and open- whlch ll1eB out in the flat wholly unsheltered and was an easy capture.
found itself without a constituted government, the neutrals began to help themselves freely to tho household furniture of the British residents, who had hurried south into Cape Colony.
fwms GROW RICH.
attained elsewhere is that his native land is now
1 lg h KK LUN* >' O t’11*'! 1Î ' ' K A IS E It, ! "No; they will awume that wo arc whoso portrait In enamel he haa on the kopje. Lot us go somewhere
KHSShB ch"™3™”
I'iurvH »» %",r,a,=z".jksskssjuk
srtejr. '".%"%%».% tsu**"""
man got his commando away north to lioshof, taking with him the l)ig gun that had been turned against Methuen’s camp at the Madder for the previous two months. Ho also got away the Boer siege guns out-nide Kimberley and took them all up to his now base
WITHOUT A CASUALTY.
2	FOR ™ HOME	|
f-------------------------.
@	Recipes for the Kitchen.	#
•	hygiene end Other Notes	i
#	for the housekeeper.	;
e	em
gossip about	Dgrqros
AND SAYINGS.
STRANGERS FIND FORTUNE WITHIN BRITAIN'S GATES.
would never
o.i a
nition of his
con-
WITH THE COOKS.
lean Library two months.
ing fifty-four years him Tsyloriae Professor well repaid his debt to us by writing books, which Hindu natives know better to-day than most of their own authors, and by telling us more of the East than must Hng-
He be-
But so far from wishing to
a won-
which
of almost all the editions that have ever been published of tho works of tho great dramatist, well as all volumes of criticism them.
Lord Goschcn says that his father came over to England from Germany with ono friond and one half-crown, and that he was obliged to start the banking firm, which has since como eo famous, because ho such a bad hand that no ono would employ him as a clerk.
Queen Amelia of Portugal is a marked contrast to many of her predecessors on tho throne in tho matter of dress. She makes hei ha ta and bonnets, and has hud a work-room fitted up In tho palace at Lisbon, to which the latest Parisian fashions are brought and copied.
The Mikado of Jr pan, a man of much energy and endurance, is very fond of outdoor sports, and warmly encouraged the Introduction of football into Japan. He is a hunl ter and fisherman of no mean reputation, nnd is a good shot with a riflo. His devotion to lawn tennis is also marked.
Mr. Asquith dates
ment of his brilliant career from a certain dinner given by the "EightyM
as
lishmon have ever known came a member of the Privy Council
upon
bo-
wrote
him, so he was anxious to testif> gratitude to the nation by getting the man off.
There are to-day in Britain many other prosperous foreigners who can hear similar witness to the benefits of British rule celebrated is Sir Ernest Cassel, whose gift of a great fortune to fight consumption brought his name before the public. He was born in Cologne, where his father was a small banker. But the
own
to
tho
royal
has
have
the commence-
II
Mrs. Fawcett, who is visiting the refugee camps in South Africa, belongs to a family which has given somo remarkable women to the world. Her daughter was ahead of the Senior Wrangler some years ago, and her sister is a well known lady doctor. Mrs. Fawcett herself is the widow of the blind Postmaster-General. She was a great help to her husband, and aided him considerably in his political and scientific work. She is a woman of enormous energy, and cycles a good deal.
It was in March, 1857, that tho Duko of Devonshire was elected to represent North Lancaster in Parliament, so that his Grace, who recent-
>
Creamy Sponge Pudding—One pint of milk, one heaped cup of flour, one-quarter cup of sugar, ono rounded tablespoon of butter, three eggs. Scald half the milk in tho double boiler. Mix the sugar and flour, add tho cold milk and stir into the boiling milk. Cook five minutes, stirring until it thickens. Stir the butter in and when well mixed remove from tho fire. When nearly cold stir in the well beaten yolks of the eggs. JBcat tho whites of the eggs until stiff and dry and fold them lightly. Turn into a buttered dish, place the dish in a pan of hot water and bake half an hour in a hot oven. Serve quickly with a sauce.
Creamy Sauce—Rub one-fourth cup of butter in a warm bowl until thick like cream. Gradually beat it one-half cup of powdered sugar. Add

<
miles from their borders made an attempt to bridge the difficulty by the use of carrier pigeons. The German and French G over n-
by
National banks in Chicago hold larger amounts in deposit at the present time than they over showed before in their published statements.
It is expected by the management of the New Jersey Central that about May 1st hourly service between New York and Philadelphia will bo established.
There are 10,000 men engaged ini ^ enterod upon his sixty-ninth year, fishing on the great lakes, and the hna bcen concerned in political life total capital invested is $6.000,000. for forty-four years Ills record of The number of vessels engaged is office is a remarkable one. In 1868 208, and of small boats 3,800. he served first as a Lord of tho Ad-
Willi*
Mrs. Charles M. Schwab, wife of | an(j afterwards returned to tho War tho president of the United States i office. In 1895 he became Lord ProSteel Corporation, has travelled ex- sidcnt of the Council. tenSively, and has a large and As is known, the German Emperor valuable collection of miniatures, of cvjnccg a	appreciation of news-
which she is an enthusiastic collec-
ment s
STOPPED HIS ENTERPRISE
ed a small office in London. He began by supplying news to commercial agencies and Stock Exchange speculators
CHILD’S FRENCH DRESS
4 to 10 Years
Very soon t he newspapers found what a man was among Diem and asked him for nows. Within a few years his name became the household word it is today. It was Reuter who got the	I moved south with his Llchtenburg
news of Lincoln’s assassination a	commando, collecting burghers as ho
couple of weeks before tho rest of	wÇnt- Hnd bold tho railway south of
Europe. Among his scoops were the	Kimberley. But a» soon as lie learn-
capitulatlon of Napoleon, the disas-	cd that proceedings which were not
ter of Majuba, and many other his-1 in nccord with his sense of the art
He became a natur-1 Wlir bad followed the Boer oo alized Englishman and when he died	cupation, he ordered exery stick of
he left this country the nerve centre	Property in X ryburg to be returned
of the telegraphs of the world.	to its rigbtful owner and at once
The interesting articles on Russia	sct up a municipal system which was
in the "Encyclopedia Britannica”	foun<l wo,k,n8 in perfect order eight
and in "Chambers’ Encyclopedia” months
To cut	this	dress	for	n	child	of	8	arc both from the pen of a distin-	whelming numbers and widespread
years	of	age.	5&	yards	of	material	guished Russian, whom his native	c“sp^s,t,on.1 of Lot\d Robert s col-
21	inches	wide,	5 yards	27	inches	country drove out, and to whom we	l"1"	“*°'ing noi 1 ,l necessitated
wide,	or	32	yards	44	inches	wide	£ave shelter. This is Prince Hr a-	hit!',111 bmk lnto tho 1111<1™
will be required, with * yards of all- " ^	-------J J-------- - ~	dl° TransvaaL
over embroidery. 3 of edging and 2j yards of insertion to trim as Illustrated.
The long-waisted dress known as the French model suits little girls to a nicety and is in the height of present styles. The very pretty exam...	.	,	pie shown is made of nainsook with
one-half cup of cream slowly and yoke and trimming of fine needle-
flax or with one teaspoon of vanilla, Work, and is worn with a ribbon n ew diops of almond or xvith four sash; but nil washable materials are a )lespoons of peach strawberry equally appropriate, while casljmere,
"V?1?.' . ~ .	. -, „	_	henriettn, albatross and simple silks
taiscd at meal Muflîns--To three- are au in vogue for the lieavier fourths of a cup of scalded milk add frock.s
one-fourth of a cup of sugar and The skirt is circular and flares free-half a teaspoon of salt. XVhen luko- ly and gracefully at the lower por-warni add one-fourth yeast cake dia- tion, while the upper edge is joined solved in one-fourth cup o warm to the sUirt> the scam being con-water. Work ono cup cold cooked CCilled bv thc sash, oatmeal into two and a half cups of bread flour. Combine the mixtures, beat thoroughly and let tho batter rise over night buttered
Let them rbo again 25 or 30 minutes in a moderato oven.
DELAREY HIMSELF
into
toric incidents
papers, but his love for them has somewhat modified since a certain Mrs Ryle, who presented to Pater- I incident took place. He was travel-son the building, destroyed in	the	ling from Potsdam by train, and was
recent fire, in which the public	lib-	talking on all sorts of subjects, when
rnry was kept, has donated to	tho	of a sudden the presence In the sa-
city $100,000, to be used with	the	loon of an individual in tho guise of
insurance money in the erection of a j a servant of tho Imperial household t^KÊÊÊÊÈÊÊÊiÊÊÊÊIÊ^^^U	caused tho conversation to cease
It is proposed to erect in connec- | abruptly. A horrible suspicion as to tion with the old St. Paul’s Episco- the bona fides of t,u* servant Hashed pal church, Edinburgh, a chapel of across tho mind of t he Eiopnot s memorial to Dr. Seabury, tho first secretary, who, on interrogating tho Episcopal bishop of Connecticut, man, discovered that he was a rp-who attended services there when he porter who had adopted the role of was a student in Edinburgh.	«¦ lackey in order to bo able to pub-
lish some of tho Emperors sayings. The punishment meted out to the .scribe was eminently characteristic
the United States are Negro chil- of tho ruler of Germany. The train dren of school age, 2,912,910; num- was stopped at a lonely spot, and her of these enrolled in schools, 1,- tho reporter was dropped, with a 511,618; average daily attendance, I waJk of ten miles to thc next sta-
teach- I tion bcfôro him.
tor
whom his native country drove out, and to whom we gave shelter. This is Prince Kra-potkin, once aide-de-camp in Transbaikalia, and the recipient, of a gold medal for his adventurous explorant Asia
took an active interest in Russian politics, but his views did not coincide with that inner ring which hedges the Czar against all reform. He was seized, and thrown into the fortress of St. Peter and St. Paul, where for years lie lay in a gloomy cell. Becoming very ill, he was sent to a ' hospital, and from that building made his memorable escape in July, 1876, safely reaching England. Here, he found a welcome thc "Fortnightly,
Century,
a
In the morning fill gem pans two-thirds full.
and bake for
Tho bank manager nt. Vryburg told tho present writer after the British reoccupation that Delnrey's system had worked like a perfect model, and it does not appear that there is a single outstanding private claim of any kind arising out of his extemporized government.
The last to leave Vryburg when thc Boers came in were the half dozen officials of the Bechuanalund Survey Department. Delarey veyed them down with their families, handing them over from Commandant to Commandant, until they were set freo to take the train below Orange River. When, they were at Capo Town none had any words hut those of personal regard to say of him.

new building
The prince
SORTING THEM OUT
USES OF WATER IN COOKING
A gentleman who was once being taken over an asylum asked an attendant how they knew when an idiot was considered to be sufficiently restored to sanity to be discharg-’Oh" said the attendant is easily managed into a yard where there arc several troughs. We turn on the taps, and to give the idiots buckets to bail out
Man has been defined as a cooking animal, and with thc exception of a few savage tribes, all races of men find it necessary to prepare their food by some process. Since the functions of digestion and assimilation are best carried on at blood heat, our object of cooking food is to spare tho bodily energies as much as possible, by raising the food
that temperature ; and again, in an-	the water	and empty the troughs
other direction by softening hard	Many	of	them	keep hailing away I ^one
tissues, or by hardening tough	while	the	taps	keep running, but	rnmicami
tissues, rendering them brittle and	them	that	isn't	idiots stops the	iu	JtUbblAN SCHEMING;
so prepared for mastication. While tap."	and their writer resides quietly at d H Delarey—pronounce hisl
these mechanical changes are brought	_______ ________ Bromley.	| Do Un Key is a medium-sized man of
about. cooking produces chemical	Most people would call the United i KDght build. His head iuid features
changes also ; thus starch gets	FIRING OUT OF TURN.	States at least ns good on opening : aro Dirge and his complexion looks
tatrlnized or even changed into	‘	for un enterprising youth as Britain Pa*e ftKainst- his
maltose ; connective tissue becomes	early stages 01 tho present could offer. Yet Professor llerko-	FULL BLACK BEARD.
gelatin,	and	there are developed from	wav nn alnlf8in8 <lucl 1(>ok Plarc be-	mer s father, n'poor wood-carver of	IIo	is	not only	a man of extrnor-
tho proteid	of	meat	osmnzom	and	|wor,‘ a highlander and a Boer. Both	Waal, in Bavaria, tried vainly to	dinary mentality,	but he looks	it
other odorous substances which im- British and Boers were well under mend his fortunes in that country, natural mathematician and a man'of part flavor	and	stimulate	thc	appe-| C(>vor' but SanfJy Macdonald persist-	But his unassuming cleverness found	action.	A quiet	manner combined
ed in rising and taking a pot-shot	no scope in thc New World, so he re-	with	extraordinary bright
and down again, while one of the	turned across thc Atlantic, and land-	gives	a	sense of power at the
s Sandy rose ed in Southampton in 1857 one time to fire, he received a bullet he found a market for his through his hand, and lot out a yell,	and was able to give his son, Hubert
An officer lying near by said: "Serve	the benefit of an education In the
you right, Mac ; you were told not	Southampton Art School. The boy’s
to show yourself. ' Nne doot, sir, merit was recognized nae doot, ’ groaned Sandy; hut hoo	first picture in 1860, and then climb. T ken he was gftun to fire oot o’	nd straight up the ladder of success-
MS	rn 1899 he had eight pictures in the
Academy. He has tho right to put M.A. ns well as R A after his name. His art tchool nt Bushcy is famous, and his success, as he says Ik’laseV, fa greater than he could have
I
The latest statistics
of tho common schools for colored children in
con-
We take them

His articles in ^HHNincteonth ami other i iews have much to open Britain's eves
9 9
the
seen
9 9
969,011 ; number of colored ers, 2Q.560. ,
A bronze tablet now marks the spot where the body of President McKinley lay in state in the city of	\
Buffalo, in the lower corridor of the Sunday School Superintendent I City Hall. The inscription on It is am pained to learn that some little as follows "Here lay in state the boys would rather spend their pocket body of William McKinley, President money on ginger-beer than give it to
United States, September the good missionaries to convert tho
poor heathen. Nows you wouldn't do that, would you, Johnny?”
Good Little Johnny—"No, sir.” "Now, tell these boys, Johnny, why you couldn't spend you* money
JOHNNY’S REASON
name
Of the 15th, 1901.”
The nut-cracking industry of St.
Louis gives employment to over 1,500 people. Tho nut-crackers are driven by electricity, each nut being II	,,
su-rsar Jslus rts I	* ¦»
are winnowed by an air-blast and the meat is picked from tho crushed shells by hand.
Owing to the depleted condition of	B..
fever. According to a recent bulletin I looking, don t you think? of the Health Department there has been no sewer-flu eh ing rain In the
city since last October. In Novem-1 marry an officer?” |	I
ber sewer-flushing was suspended for turod him in what she positively d# lack of funds.	I dares to be her last engagement,'?
tite And lastly cooking plays n most important part in the destruction of parasites and germs of disease
Boiling of meat, like roasting, alms at coagulating a surface layer of albumen, and thus cooking the meat in a vessel of its own akin, the heat being supplied in this case by hot water. Albumen is partly soluble in water, and to prevent loss of substance in this way, water must be boiling before the meat is put in, and the boiling point will be sooner reached If a little suet is added After t>* perfc.ee of the meat has
eyes,
first
There sight of thc man wares, ! A correspondent who occupied the room which had been his quarters before the fall of Bloemfontein. r ___ told that often Delarey was in bed He sold his less than two hours in a night. He
was always personally seeing to the carrying out of his plans.
It was he who overruled Piet Cron jo when tho older man insisted on sticking to thc old style of fighting, seeking tho hillsides and from improvised stone schnnzcs using the purchase of thc higher positions to
IMPOSSIBLE
was
Brown—"Do you think she’s a dev-
He—"What
did your father say when you told him you were engaged?” She—"Oh, you must not ask me to repeat such language/'
"So Alice has decided Anally t*
"Yea, she cagr






___ _________«

£ ____

f. —,— —
###PAGE###3###

*	**1M*'"'**4***t**l I SajtWr* " I THE HAEDEN OF ADSTHALIAI : % -ga- | *	—*•
T %ZH:/ZZ "S5* ssaz&jr
"Tho on# 0'' dar n*# wae that ?	—	BURIED BY A COUGAR. Scene#'' carries the reader to Egypt	---
Now, No. 18, finish your Ironing, 1 N,mk into m.V wnt, overcome by Ono of the most productive agri- A hunter who warn trailing after merit of“aiexa n d*r 1	h^veururhe- . 11,!‘n; ar0 184 ]atJy ,aW e*e,kti
for. ~rt yoU in tho storeroom." th,) thought that the letter was gone cultural regions in Australia was un- bcar ,,16at Di British Columbia re- dive refused to take shelter on board '°n< °n#
No. la	did not answer	me,	but	*°r good or evil, and	at the hands of	known as adapted for cultivation	P°, t8 10 the Western Sportsman an	an English	man-of-war savin*	that
bent her	head aseentingly.	As	she	“W «*>W.	until within the past few year# The	«P^rience which he calls a "narrow	his lay	with ins people
did so, i	noticed a	tear fall	from her	1 had 11 restless night, and on go-	so-called Darling Downs, west of	f.rttZ®' " the incident happened am Ho was	kliedive in nothing	but	sir	1	rank	Green	fined	a	'bus	con. ,	. .	,	mg l.° my <laty nexl	morning found	the coast range, about 120 miles in-	th0 hunter telle it, it was indeed a	name, tho whole power having pas»J due tor	20s.	and	costs	in	the	city	for
ê*l	lnt*rc9ted in this prisoner, my charge cheerful.	land from Brisbane, the capital 0f narrow graze ; but one cannot help Li! Into the hands of the rebels, and ! having two passengers too many.
tohod her ironing, we were soon in- ¦	"the Garden of Australia." They LJ1 I?u?lt have been an hour later volution into a couie.lv	olu,,e lliere aio discharged into tho
gaged at the easier task.	L ï0Xt mining, before going on deserve It.	that I woke up and found myself He sow the bund of w,Idler» com-	<lai|y
We were by ourselves, and had not	I received by post a small Sheep fanners from the neighbor- cov®f,d1 wilh two feet of leaves, mug ing towards the palace. When they u*c<"“",me'1 ,uel
\'° m,Iluîe8 in tho rooni» when wo^)de*J box. On opening it f found hood of Sydney first occupied the as 1 , babe# in tho wood. I was all arrived, prepared for resistance and During the past five years the 1 ' " y ,ny cl,argo burst into a fit n bundle of banknotes and a letter, Darling Downs. They needed wider ,, m cozy that nobody else intending to break in the doors number of trade unionists in tho or so blng and to my surprise, notes being in ft Os to the value pastures for their fast-growing flock# cou d ,.fv® dol,a H but a cougar, and they found tho aide-de-camp of thé United Kingdom has increased from threw herself Into my arms.	of thousand pounds, at sight of lind RO pushed northward into what gost UM* 0	cougar at that, khedivo at tho foot of the great 1,500,000 to 2,000,000.
Come, this will never do. What yhich my knee# shook under me, the j8 now Queensland in search of new occurred to me with some force staircase. Ifo met them civilly, and It is said that the War Office is Sunnnm 'gutter , I «aid quietly, pwapiration rolled from my fore- grazing grounds. Tn 1828 Allan I	he*‘. *led a”ay,or future ! told them that the khedlve was ex- about to erect u military prison.
In what sho\.,dTr77ou°wo”d was a p«U«JT;Vt 1 Ion E ^"^nd	>P V	,t dîdnt ££	V‘Xî	wm^ot'U'^ntVdul^riso™"
fully as X could. "All are miserable y"u hear ,ro”1 ,™e *K*in Tel my and Is now being	w‘,d lhe working of roy repealer foro they carried cut their Instrut- of l,IK ljlotkH made oi i'a'tially put-
who come hero, except the hardened | ”lf® “"e„word' Yee 1 “k lhls tt"	CUT ,Jp JNT0 ,,.AKMS	tl2a*.sT%tr™ a'" *."th ‘ "hoxt «ons, he, like every man who -«•. '*"“<*	®'''a'"®d 'rom Corna '*'or.	vuj or inm hubs,	time as to show how fortunate U condemned to die h„,i . ,i„h.
1 dropped the letter In the fire, I Tho Darling Downs, named after was that I had waked up when I speak	K
J&zmtxr jpsJiss.ess.'Jri eïttsz&rsrz "" -* ............................................................................................... -b.-s ;““r in
that ‘my boy's only erv was for hint 8 had cscai^d during the night, 4,000,000 acre# of land in the Dari- U 8ecmed to her in awkward je* mother/ "	|	having loosened the bars of her win- ing Downs; and most of the land is to handle, I having &iy gum ready
dow, and, being a slender woman. | as fertile a# any that ever tempted a wo> an<1 th* cougar had an inspira-squeezed through on to the pioneer to go far afield in search of tion> She we,lt to a tree about ten roof of a building, down | a new home.	fect away and started to go up. She
Tho government of the newly-form- Was n,ter that meal and not to be which had been left by the I ed province of Queensland proclaim- discouraged by any painters; and being then In the open ed the advantages of Darling Downs her idca to climb up above me yard of tho prison, she had taken for cattle and sheep pasturage, and the other tree, and then bring the ladder to the wall, on gaining gradually herders began to cover the down wilil a flying leap, tho top of which some help had been plains, having obtained thousands 1 didn't lose any more time with afforded from the outside, -possibly and thousands of acres for which experiments or speculations, but let
trace they very	Not a few of	time she
those early ranchers or "squatters," round the tree. The ball went | ,In a certain isolated village in I Any ono insuring his life for 4:2,-Of course I wus examined with as they are called in Australia, have tlirouKh htl’ jaw and breast, and the	there is a congregation 1 000 with the Scottish Temperance
others, before the governor, but no-	mado a great deal of money in the	varmint wcnt	to th© ground.	The	which is not characterized by lavish	Life Assurance Company	is offered a
thing could be elicited, at which I	past few years by selling farms, the	young ones	wcre running	around,	liberality. Time after time the min-	good seat to view the	coronation
was much relieved and thankful, and land which they obtained for a song and 1 k,»ockcd them over, too, with inter bas vuinly appealed to his peo- procession from tho windows of iho I never enjoyed getting home more	Tho squatters were not long in	tho gun*	ple to contribute more generously te | company’s offices.
Nhn nhAvnxi >„.?	,.T than 1 did that night.	learning that the Darling Downs	. Siace then	1	havcn‘t 6fonc	to	sleep	}he fun<j* of the church. The mem-	Hii Majesty has been rleased to
know I nui «rét i/ tiniird' 1 Matters went on as usual, and 11 were good for something else besides I m lhc woods 90 careless and casual 8,119 ind®ed gave something, but it : grant permission to his subjects to * 0 ” ntuJ anri r «n/JLI.rJi fl had not touched my notes. In fact, I stock ral.ing. Their buainc», how- llkc'	,vas nearly always the smallest all- fly tie Ituyal Standard on the oc-
wisor j f f nAt;.a 8f ,t8c seemed to care nothing for them— ever, was the growing of cattle.	_______A______.	r*r.c0. ” of the real,n that was plac- casiqti of his coronati >n, stales
ter onlv and	T Jwl	when one morninK. about six weeks sheep, and horses and they did not	VhC £ at«?	i officii communication which has
with mV	il! - 11!? h latcr* 1 received a bulky package, want farmers among thorn, though	A FINANCIER.	, A fihrefd ®cotf who had recent! | been received by a correspondent.
hands and looking inteneely at me* th/ca mZllZn To^mark^/hrok/the J waTWC" that the plui" . "Thpre ¦« a small cross-eyed boy church” wm not Lag* "worr'hv n ^ I "Iudy Sundridge,” the incognito
entire^ from™*. ^Vpo^.g/'^ï	‘’ZuSise? VTnotw “agiTa	_OREAT fAUM,K0 C0UNTI<Y	wZhi/,ife'th%hMt'LfribuUon!	Zdy ‘mion^ÛggésM'to Ms	*H ° Z i U ‘ shZTtly Trrfre ' on T*i sU
«aid, to humor her, T do as you	equal to one thousand pounds The	lhey spread the report that the soil	will grow up to become a great fi-	practical mind.	to s"' Sydney and Lady Wnterlow
suggeet, and it was found out, the letter inclosed explained every-1 poor a”d would grow nothing nancier,” declared Jonee. "Tor "I’ll tell you what,"	ho said to at th< charminK southern home,
consequence would Imî I should	lose	thing	;	but	Krass-	They were responsible for	some time my wife has	possessed	a	one of the officials, “if you mak’ me fho	V,lla	Monterey»	Cannes
my Pension, which is only a	few	"My	Dear	Friend—You	will	no	tho	erroneous opinion, so long held	yellow pup that has no	earthly ex-	treasurer, I’ll engage	to double the I Earl	Beauchamp	has	entered upon
years off, and I have two children	doubt have wondered many things,	*U Australia, that the Downs were	cuse for living. But she thinks that	collections in three months."	his thirty-first year, lie has
to think of, and am ft widow.”	with others, what had become of No.	g°T?1	„ nothinK except pasturage. I	he is the finest dog in the city, and His offer was promptly accepted;	mayor of an English cathedral city,
Mm was quiet at this for a time,	ig, i am now in Canada with my	8,na y 1,16 truth came out. It be-	spends most of her time hugging	and sure enough the collections be- ’ member of the London School Board
and	did her work	in	a	random	way	;	husband and dear little boy, who is	I g‘m to	bo n°ised abroad that the	him and kissing his	dirty	little nose.	I gan	to increase, until, by the time he	!	and	Governor	of	New	South	Wales—
BU<ldenly :	now, thanks to your aid and God's	greater	Purf- of the	soil in the Downs	Finally the dog-worship	became	so	j had	etated, they were nearly twice	a	notable	record	for	a	young man.
What amount of money do you blessing, quite well.	1 was composed of disintegrated vol- unbearable to me that I resolved to as much as formerly,
calculate would bring in interest "You no	doubt know how I ee-	canic rock that	was very rich in	end the nuisance. Chancing to	meet	"How have you managed it,	Mr.
•quivalent to your pension ?"	caped.	My	husband was to	wait	for	plant food	lt ia well known that	a small, cross-eyed boy	one day,	I	Sandyman?" said the	pastor to him
A thousand pounds," I said,	Die on	the	outside, which	I knew	801	formed	of decomposed lava is	said to him:—	one day.
muling and believing that it would would bo on the same night on the ,laturally rlcb The fertile soil of the " **sce here, boy, do you want to "It’s a great secret," returned the put such thoughts	away	from	her	day you gave me his message, ‘Yes/	1),ftying	DoWDe hns	average depth	earn half a dollar?'	Scot, "but I'll tell you in confidence.
_	I expect you thought I had given up	. four	feot> tt,ld in	f’ome places there	" sure/ he said.	The	folk, I saw, maietly gave three-
v^ho dropped the clothing she held the idea. I	descended by a rope lad-I !9 aa much tiS	fiixty feet of rich " ‘Well, then,’	said I, ‘you go up	penny bits.	Weel, when I got	the	,	T	. ,	r>	,
and seized my hands firmly. "If you ! (|er which my husband had thrown hu™u*- .	to niy house, watch your chance and money every Sabbath evening, I	is a great reader,
were to receive one thousand pounds to the top of the wall, and behind a Early in tbe ^O's of the last cen-	steal tho yellow cur that you will	carefully picked oot the sma’ coins	.	0	,eu< s. w 11 ® dressing. He has
won hi you help me ? Swear it by fast trotter was soon in a trusted Itary tho 8tluaffers l^egan to sell con-	find there. When you get him bring	and put them by. Noo, as there's	fv*n.ey®n know“ t.0.tftk1,i a bo^k
tho love you bear your children, and friend’s house clasped in my child's I Hjderable TmntUies of land to far-	him down to my office and get your	only a limited number o’ the three-	!	,	hH|h,oom- H'*t his knowledge is
as you hope for their welfare."	arms. May	you never be separated	mom who were flocking in from the	half-dollar/	penny-pieces	in a little place	like	!	df*n'ed	^ much	from	men	as	from
*Gh, yes, I’ll promise that," I re- from your children. I must tell you	cJ>flst districts.	The squatters "Within two	hours the boy	was	this, and as	I have maist of them,	%	9	1 19 t^“ncnt	?f	pretentious
plied, to humor her, for I thought, in confidence that my husband is the î*houKht they might get rich sudden-	back with the cur tied to a rope.	at present under lock and key. the	|	crs 1Hoa , 11 uto Wltness- vx,t”
»ho must be a little distracted with] third son of a nobleman, and was ly‘ aLnd soon the prices they placed	“ What will I do with him?’ he	folk maun give snxpenccs, at least,	,	CX(1U,S1 0 touch of a master of
T ‘ '•	unfortunately led into difficulties. ®n ^ ,ands were almost prohibi- asked, after I paid him.	instead. Sae that's the way the col-	®° qU,CkI^
' Remember, that is a solemn pro- and got into tho toils of a lot of 1	'e Thc Queensland Parliament in “ don’t care/ I snapped;	‘drown	lections are doubled."	|	" v '	° gent v thftt th* movement
raise.’’ she said, and Just upon it thc I sharpers and forgers and they used 1894 actioned the re-purchase by him if you want to/	And tho pastor went away declar- ^.S,„ r	^.^jv1 , ' and/.t ,s OP,y
bell rang to close work, and the	him	as a tool for passing forged	Government of large areas for	"That night I discovered my wife	ing	that every Scotsman wus a born	/ ,2x1^^pP^ncss	is
prisoner# began to troop to their	notes.	I unknowingly got one of	tho	Purpose of selling land to far-	*n tears, and I was informed be-	financier.	fpa	dy rc. d . .„th0n,0^crS
these notes, and tendering it was nr-	Froia that year the agricul- tween sobs that poor, dear little	-------1------ recognize the skill of the operation.
At the end of another hour my I	rested	and suffered imprisonment for	tural	development of the district	Eido was missing. The next day she
duty would be all over for the night,	it, as	you know, and thus did not I P/’operly dates; and the Downs in	had an advertisement inserted in all
and after seeing all the inmates of involve my husband. I was aware I thc fcw yenrs that have since elapsed the papers offering five dollars’ re- . c ^vor a£swer in court was that
the cells I should transfer my keys | that when my time in prison was	l,ave begun to take on quite a	dif-	ward for his return. The third day	glv vn	t0	( ',ief	Justice Coleridge A party of men	were fishing	from
to the night wardress in charge and	over, that we should leave the coun-	fc,ent a8Pect-	she met mo joyfully at the door and	:vcars	ago	waon	was	defending a ! the bows	of a big	warship. Moat of
go home. When I came to No. 18’s	try, as my husband had confessed all	during tho stock raising era	only	announced that Fido had been found.	îjdy	who	had	become	a Sister of i the fish	caught	were of thc	kind
cell I found her calmer, and, putting	to his father, with a desire to mend,	a *ew towns had developed. To-day	“ ‘Where?* I asked, concealing a	Me,cy	a,ld	WttS	expelled	from the | known as	flatfish.	Standing	close
her arms around me, she embraced | and he promised to start us to Can- (lu‘fc a number of towns dot the groan.	I convent for refusing to ol»«*y thc j by, and intently watching the operand kissed me, whispering:	"Good	ada with five thousand pounds. Then	,)lain here and there, their develop-	“	‘A little boy brought	him	back/	rup®'	ations, were two men who were at
night, dear madam. Remember, and my boy fell ill, and you know thc	ment k^ping pace with tho rapid	she	answered.	, . ‘ had brought an	action for ex-	:	sea for the first time, and whose
God will bless you." I passed out rest. The first notes you received	K^owth °f the new agricultural dis-	"	'What kind	of	a	boy?’	I	asked	Pulsion and libel. In	the course of	|	knowledge of fish was evidently lim-
and left her for the night, hoping from my husband, I may at once	The Government sells the land	suspiciously..	thc tr,al Gderidgo assumed that	ited. they being greatly concerned
that she had forgotten her idea of say, arc forgeries.	nn av<?rnge price of	I " 'A small, cross-eyed boy with the breaches oi discipline are trivial, to the reason the fish should bo
tho letter.	| "Burn them, everyone without	f° 50 AN / PRF	most honest face that I ever saw on ro,ltemptJble, nnd should never be | brown on the top and white under-
LTUw h‘°*"	" I""»** -*¦	..
prison uniform, and left for the Function to use even thc good notes	wh ch lo Pay f°r it. It sells only
night, and was soon at home with f°r yourself, invest them for your	to tl('tual Pettier#, who must
ray children. Judge of my astonish- children, and may it be a blessing to	10 ve ,on their holdings and
raent, after taking off my cloak, them. Good by, my friend."	prove them. The authorities have
when I *put my hand into my dress Did I do righ*t or wrong ?	given free railroad transportation
Pocket, to find an unstamped letter.	a	| into the Downs to many settlers
which No. 18 had evidently slipped	*	\hls itérai policy is greatly
Tclt, men	OUE8S WORK.
miles away, and my first thought Harry—‘T wonder who said that n°t only with Brisbane but also was to destroy it, and I held ft in mon°y is the root of all evil."	with Sydney; thus markets are pro-
ray hand over the fire, but my heart Harriet—"Oh, some unhappy man vided for the agricultural products gave a leap as I thought of her who tried to marry for money, and | of Darling Downs both in the local child; and looking across the room, couldn t. saw my own dear boy, with
curly head bent over his slate, __
ray Aand stayed. I will not burn it,
I thought. I will wait until % ing, and think what I must do
right; tel piece.
After we had had tea I left my little girl of 12 to clear away while I went »ut to buy some eatables for the nrrt day. I wo# away about an
in «my old êHlàs
< #
»
A is said that Lord Wolaelsy i# writing his reminiscences.
J 8,000 tons uf
is tho
i ê
nn
» i
| wall and South Wales, and held to * get her by Trinidad pitch.
ones. Hut you will soon be again. One short month, and will be with your friands But my child, madam little boy," she sobbed.
home
you
f i
« «
i <
from fevers.
The death took place in Newcastle of Charles Junius )1 aslant. an old Chartist, at the age of l inety-one. He took part in all the meetings in Manchester leading up to the reform hel Bill..
pro-
fit
once raise him in rank and confer upon him the order the Medjidie. With
Mr. .John Stewart, formerly of tho Bank of Scotland in Aberdeen been
of
hat
regard te ike
soldiers who accompanied him would constitute them his personal ' Manager body-guard at that moment, as they ! He was aKcnt for the saint* bank at might already have perceived that te | ^iverP°o1-was very much in want of soldiers
appointed assistant gcncr.tl of Parr's Bank, London,
Well,’’ I replied, "your friends | had will take care of him, and a month will soon pas»—take courage." And I kissed her, for I was a woman, if a wardress, and apt to harden my heart at times
"But none can take his mother’s
then
Le
sloping
which she had crept, thence down a ladder
trifles. It was
A London firm of druggists have Thus it came about that the little ! recently secured the contract for a
band which had come to kill iemain- large supply to the prison at Worm» ed to bless
on
me
place," was all she could say ; clasping mo suddenly to her, whispered eagerly, "but choose, you could help me."
"What do you mean ?" I said In this way," eho said. "I want to bo at home in three or four days/ "Nonsense," 1 replied. "You losing your wits ; get on with your work."
wood Scrubbs of Japanese handkerchiefs for use by prisoners suffering from phthisis.
she
TOLD HIM IN CONFIDENCE
If you
by a rope ladder. There was lost.
i 4
are
un
been
After receiving 4s. a week out-relief from tho parish during fifteen years, Mary Edwards, aged eighty-six, died recently at Wimbledon, leaving a post-office book, showing to £105 17s. Od
savings bank deposits amounting
grief


PRECEDENT
THE DOCTOR'S DECISION
»
as
neath. One of them gave it as his J	,	. opinion that the fish were originally
asked Mrs. Kennedy, a mispress of all white, but that sleeping on their
,, ..	backs in the mud had caused that
Well, said the lady, sde has, part to turn brown. The informa-for example, eaten strawberries. lion was immediately ridiculed by -aten strawberries? What harm the second man, which so incensed
1S#<i*erC m # 1!lt ,,	. ,,	.	I the othe» 5iat he laid a wager on
,7-18 fm m ’ on' s*r’ 8a*d ^r8‘ his theory being correct. Upon tho ’ Il * ! y Vr ,r ,	, . .	.. case being put to the doctor of the
ÜUt|4L^rS* ,v,‘nnedy' ^hat trouble ship—who, by the way, was a fun-was Uk*f to come from eating Ioving irishman-he immediately
ISM*
agree
WI1EHE TO FIND HER.
When you would select a wife Do not call on Sunday;
If you would know her as she is, Better seek her Monday.
im-
4 4
pro-
coun-
i •
If you find her in the kitchen. With the snowy linen,
Your divinity is apt To be worth your winning.
If she's in the parlor, playing Opera selections,
For n wife to shore your fortunes Seek in new directions.
towns and at the export centres.
Tho natural supply of water is fairly adequate, though it is dcsir-She—“Stop? You shan’t kiss me nblo in many places to irrigate the to-night—at least, not before I have crops, for
had an explanation. I heard to-day from the Condnminc River, which that you had been engaged to six- flows diagonally through the Downs teen different girls." He—"But that and also from many smaller streams was before I had seen your angel Irrigation ditches aro also supplied face, my love." She—"So it was, with water obtained at depths of to bo sure. I never thought of from 35 to 150 feet. Tho climate is
mild, and wheat, maize and lucerne' in 1888
his
and
which water is obtained
morn-
i snot, may beautify	I A HEDEKMINq TRAIT.^^^ Professor of English Literature (to
.... J ' * i ?* ? mouse.	Mrs. Hattcrson—"Don’t you think young man)—"How do you pu netu-
I hi in and tact adorn more brightly Mrs. Polkndot is an awful gossip?" ate the following: 'The beautiful girl II. r who rules a linust\	I Mrs. Hatterson—"May be so. But for such she was was passing down
there’s ono good thing about her. the street’?" Student—*'! think. Side-saddles were first introduced I She never tells anything about any-I Professor, I would male a dash af~ 'HT*	* one that there isfi’t some truth in." I ter the beautiful girl.*
for
so 1 laid It on tho man-
that."

-
###PAGE###4###


Tariff of Tolls
To be collected during Season of 1902 by the Quinze Rapids lm-	VM
THE EQUITY.
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 10, 1902.
*
(*/r •»
provenant Company, Limited.

Mr. Whituvy, the leader of the Ontn-Coneervatives, will hold a aeries of political meetings in the chief centres of the province, before the elections come

no
Shoes
Rubbers
Just Received !
A Car-load of
The Celebrated Gray
9

Saw logs 17 feet and under in length per thousand feet board measure.........................
Red and White Pine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, rounder flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per thousand feet board measure................
Red mid White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet long and upwards in length, per thousand feet board measure ..........
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney hoard, per thousand
cubic feet
Ten thousand Pittsburg coal miners wont out on strike on April 2. The strike is duo to the refusal of the Pittsburg Company to recognize the officers cf the miners’ union.
0 cents.

71 cents
Lord Dur dor aid, will succeed Major General O'Grady Haty as commander of the Canadian Militia on July 1st. The appointment is regarded with much favor in military circlet, aa the new incumbent is in every sense of the word a so’dier, one who has aeon a lot of active service in the South Africin war, during which he has many times won distinction.
Special value in Rain Coats. Carriages
9 cents
4
and Buggies.
MAGFARLANE BROS.
90cents
The emigration branch of the depart' ment a of the interior is arranging to erect New Westminister Abbey on the
DEER AND MOOSE.
near ¦¦¦¦¦ occasion of the King's coronation an
munication with Inspector Preatcu upon during the close season the subject. The idea is that the King Many are humanely doing so now but and the Queen will pava through the | more could do It and shouh. out ot kind-
^Îmonieï011Ttowillproî* anTcriiir.t j
advertisement for the Domioioo. A or molested and by whom aud if by more similar arch was erected in Winnipeg last | than one person give names of all.
.... dur*	.1 «h.
I rincese of Walel. ^	___ h* p:%Ui for your trouble. All correspon-
¦	*	dence strictly private and confidential
Quebec Inducement»	Addrcw
___	. MW V A itv,
Quebec. April 4-Sir Clurlei Row. the	PorTl GaiBr^To'ie.
the famous Roes rifle while in
town had a prolonged interview with Hon. S. N. Parent in connection with the Urge enterprise that he ia interested in _ d it ii stated he will locate in Quebec.
Military men consider Quebec the beat location from a strategical po'nt of view,
of hostilities it would be well protected by heavy ordnance and would not be so accessible to an enemy as the other centers of Canada.
Drop in and have a look at these stylish rigs before placing your Spring orders.
Campbell’s Bay
SMART & SMITH.
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL !
CLARENDON	juiCH CLASS AND medium
ROLLER MILLSn _______
FURNITURE.
29
A
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as man ufacturers of High Grade Flour.
an
Province of Quebec District of Pontiac
!
as l n case
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do busi-j Bedroom Suites, ness solely on a reputation already established. No
We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stock of Hour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Riuht.
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
A Session of

sir
Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Tie Coin of I ill's Beicl
Exodus Still Continues
>
A action of the Court of King s Bench, having Criminal Jurisdiction in the Mid province, will lie held at the ( ourt house in the Village of Bryson in the said district of Pontiac on the sixth day of May next, 1902, at ten of the clock in the forenon.
.ncmoMMWn* Thistle, «n, out
from the l nitetl States census bureau poranar3t Constable*. Balifl* and other established, that in 1880, there were ministers of justice in the said district. 717 157 Canadian home residents in that whose duty it may be to attend the said
ssesaSagr
number of Canadians respectively do-	bberifl',
miciled in Canada and the United States	Sheriff's Office Bryson, April Ünd, 19DU. I
as &‘l to	iu VMX) was as 82
The United States census returns show i;i inclusively that the claim made by the government, that the exodus from Oan-ilda to the United States has ceased, is
JAMES WILSON.

UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
THE FAVORITE

COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
HE SHAWVILLE
T
fRESH ARRIVALS
Dissolution of
to 13
Canada Flooded With Disease
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
Partnership.
SASH and DOOR
AT
IN
Mr. Robert Watchvrn, the Special
Immigrant Inspector, who ha« f 1 ' '• Notice i.< hereby given, that the partner all United States immigration omciala in heretofore aubsiatme betweenGeorge Canada, is responsible for the statement, h . M 'Dowell, and H. w. Hodgin.-. both that 11 ninety-eight per cent, of the of the village of Shawville, under the
sat
the American omcias at Mon »e<il anil	dissolved by mutual
other points of entry, along the borders consent.
are suffering from infectious diseases	The business will in future be carried
ing made the dumping ground for d s ?ase	Dated at. Shawville this 31at day of
introduced by these people. The Mini March, llktt ter of Agriculture das refused to take stepa to extirpate this frightful condition of affairs.
WAIHMAN’S.
FACTORY
( Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
AT THK
dash Store.
STARK’S
CORNERS.
G. II. McDOWELI R. W. HUDGINS.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH VP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING
:: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
moral victory and vindication for the Â fill! llH6 Of StOVB FUPHisH
A'liance and for the cause of t:u3 tem-|	.	.	—,
».».I pœ SK £	Jgateware, Tinware, Etc.
ssrr&ï arser | ajiLMrsg | G. b. wain man, sh aw ville.
tv i PhNid its favor. They point out that ""lift	if the result in tho city be subtracted
<ki t	from thw total vote, that the rets in the
¥1 \	rest of the province, for and against, will
37 508 lbs about eqin\ and this, though the I Boer war party are not simple farmers, rA'ûje I temperance men did net organize, and whose reading is not confined to the feu* the liquor men put up the tight of their Bible, but lawyers, who know English lives. This section of the temperance politic# well. If the armed burghers in There ia no reason why C&nadi&na party also claim that there was a great the field assent to the conclusion of a .should nob raise and market the above deii 0f corruption in the election.	convention by Steyn ani Schalk-
named . produce. The Conaeiva- The liquor men say they did not claim j burger, there is, it is averted, co doubt lives have called for a revision of the a m0ial victory. All they wanted was that the separate existence of the retariff which will guarantee to fanners a practical one, a majority of the votes, publics will cease. The writer makes
the exclusive privilege of trading in their I S0(j this they received	light of fears that the Beer generals
own markets. “Canada for Canadians |	—------^	and rank and fils might repudiate any
with equal recognition of the needs of	Politira	arrangement negotiated. The a:tic's
the farmer, manufacturer and laborer |	gots on to say that it is admitted colonial
is what the Conservative party stands ]	—	opinion must be considered in the mat-
Toronto, April 1.—Sir Wo. Van ter of peace terms. Canada, Australia Horne, who arrived in Toronto this New Zealand have earned the tight morning to attend the meeting of the to be consulted. While a generous policy Northwest Land Oo , in reply to a que#- in granting terms would be the wisest,
6 000 ! tion &# to when the C. P. R. would begin the claims of the Cape loyalists, the uit-I tho expenditure oÇthe $20,000,000 which lenders and the colonists must be the has been authorized, replied : “ That grat consideration. The article urges Winnipeg Man , April 2.— Further I money may not be spent for years; it is that the nucleus of hostile state must be returns ofvoting on the liquor act re- always necewry to have something in !eft intact, though the utmost possible lerendom received today increase the the pantry. He carefully avoided any degree 0f aelf goverment ahead be total vote to about 30,000, with many of «ubject relating to politics, making the granted the Boer colonies. It say. the distant rural municipalités to hear significant remark:	That when it “Leave any district of the Transvaal
comes to politics, I simply know no-1 under purely Bosr rule and a new arsenal will arise to astonish the British empire."
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
Protect the Farmer
A full stock of Door#. Sash, Mouldings. Turning#, Etc., will b# kept on hand and ‘Custom * Work done as usual.
ctl -
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
Oat*
Barley.....
Pease......
Potatoei — Tomatoes... Goape s Small fruit»
THE MARKETS.
SILAS YOUNG.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 08 to 75c. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to $3.80 Oat* per bubhel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 73o. Buckwheat, 45c. per bosh. Rye, per bush. 45 cent*.
Eggs, per dozen, 10 to 00c. Batter, per pound, 14 to 15c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 16c. Pelts, each, 00 to 00c. '
Hides, $4.50 to $5.60. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cent» each.
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
OH AWVI LIE’S
U NEW
Here it is!
The Place
SASH and DOOR
for
FACTORY.
No Prohibition for Manitoba
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
L4TB8T isnnm GIVE MTAJOIITT OF
aoaixst Liqroa act.
1
In connection with my former bum ness I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
OTTAWA ¦¦
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
" pails. 18 to 20c. per lb
Eggs, fresh, 12c. per doz.
Potatoes, 30c. per bag.
Lamb, 6 to 9c. pet lb.
Mutton, 0 toOc. per lb.
Beef, 51 to 8c. per lb;
Pork. $7.35 to $8.75 per 100.
Oats, 47 to 46c. per bushel. Hay, $6.00 to $0.50 per ton. Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
%
i
Sash,
from. The unreported places are expected f .
..............
by Reluming Officer Hubbard, are:	----- —- ——	today, speaking to a pro forma amend-
Negative, 5,887; affirmative, 5,481- Afl to Terms of Peace.	ment, Mr. Sulz-r. (New York), called
ijority 3 400	-	attention to the necessity for protecting
u,.‘, %zi±zî sutsaj I ™- —	— arsyrs- jlsa £
ia tho voting claim victories.	tones, agreed, ».th much heat, with
The Dominion Alliance followers say	J what Sulzcr said. He contended that if
that the result of the election justified London, April 2.—The Times prints the present laws were enforced ths fish-their expectations. Thousands of tern- ; an articles on the peace negotiations in | eriee would be protected. Mr. Lacey, perance people, the Alliance claims, did ; South Africa, in which urges that nego- (Iowa) said that the salmon fisheries of not vote beesuse of the position the nations must not be hampered by Alaska were of immense value and steps Alliance took. This they sty is well for ! the premature publication of terms.— should be taken now to preserve them, they claim that the voting wss so corrupt j What, says the writer, is not sufficiently He offered an amendment to create a that as a representation of public opinion r realized by home politicians and the fund of $10,000 for this purpose, bat it it was useless. The result was a splendid British press is that the leaders of the I was ruled out on a point of order.
Eavetroughing,
Hoofiqg and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &c.
The Alaska Salmon
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-clye work.	' '
ma
The Toronto Trades and Labor Council has condemned the Laurier Libor Gszette as being unreliable. Members of the “ department of labor, " it is alleged, take credit to themselves for settling difficulties which are not settled. The Labor Gazette gives its readers nothing new ; if it cannot give them something reliable it must go on the list of journalistic failures.
Thanking my many customers for their literal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future in crease in business.
"I
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.

###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
No OTE»
Have You
Bought Your
lof!
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local letereete.
TV BLilHED *V IR Y TUVttMDAY
AT BHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
A re At IM AM AMCC.
Nn paper stopped uotll all arrearage* ere paid, unless by special arraugement with the publisher
County Pontiac s Largest Ware-Booms.
m
1 Meet* the UU Wednee* 1 day or every month.
1 /Court due* must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visit! n* brethren oor» ¦ dlslly Invited.
H. 9 BAHNSTTtF.r1
A. SMILEY, Prop.
LUI
New Carpet ?
/. A. COW AW, R 8
o
Jo a if Beta err, Ç. It.,
Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind the general public that

ADVERTIBINO RATES»
Legal advertising. eight cent* per Hoe for g rat insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent, insertion.
Business cards hot exceeding one Inch inserted st #4.00 per year.
Loeal announcements inserted at the rate' of H oems per line (or first Insertion and s cents lor subsequent Insertions
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted uutil forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-I lulled free of charge. Obituary poetry three conta per line.
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
s
WE HAVE THE IROST UP-TO-DATE FARM N|AGHIN-----------ERY ON THE MARKET--------------
We have made every effort to satisfy you in House Furnishings, and guarantee to give you as large a variety of Choice and as good value in Price
AS ANY CITY STORE
l
The spot for —
as a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
A Fash ion AtiLR Ham Cit, Good Shampoo, oh A Clean Shave.
e *
# #
e #
**" Your Turn next
Hemp Carpets,
Tapestry Carpets,
Spring Roller Blinds,
Two yards wide Linoleums,
Lace Curtains, from 25c. to $3.00 per pair
Union Carpets, Brussels Carpets,
CEO. HYNES,
•i
JOBPRINTINO
Note.—Pole can be arranged for two, three or four horses, instantly without removing pole. Made in nine different sizes from 1G to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side hills and turning at end of furrow.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
shawville, • - que. | Wall Paper
JOHN A COWAN,
Publisher
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.^., M.0.,C.M.
Do not Buy Wall Paper until you have looked at our new stock.
? Urge, well selected aud varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Graduate of McGill University, *
OAoe-~Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knot, Shawville.
Office nouns-Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoon*.
i »i*o keep ».complete «took of fuse- | Elephant Brand of Mixed Paints is the Best.
ral Furnishing», ranging from the
Dry Colors, Paint OÜ, Turpentine, Japans,
attendance. Open dav and night I	-----VamtoheS and StaillS
Alabastine, Whiting, Kalsomine.
Any kind of Brush you may require.
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M,
F. T. M. C.
Qvsfiuete of Trinity University, Toronto ; Ormd ute of Victoria Uaiveralty, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Mmi. College, Toronto. Ofhcb asd RaaiDKWc* : J. If Aawnrmo*/» House,
8HAWVILLS.
District and Country.
MAIN STRKBT
/^yxz"
x/
Four new bsnki are seeking incorporation by the Dominion Parliament.
Vsup Salamon, the Galician wife murderer, was sentenced at Winnipeg to hang on May 27.
A ten-year-old boy named Bilny was run over by a train near Schriber, Ont., and killed.
Mr. Bourbonnais, M. P. P. for Sou'-ooger, died suddenly at Quebec on Friday
LEGAL.
Seeds ! Carden and Field Seeds !
Oar Stock of Seeds is complete—all Fresl aai lie Best Procurable.
Timothy, Early Red Clover, Late Clover,
:: Alsike Clover ::
D. LECUERRIER,
NOTARY PUBLIC,
will Visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of every week. Office at R. McC. Rltchle’a residence.
BODRBEIO BtlMILLE, L. L. L
Headquarters for
UP-TO-DATE GOOD S
'I
lav
G.F.HODGINS.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Quebec, Apl. 2—Premier Parent haa accepted the invitation to attend the cor mation and will leave for England about the middle of June.
>
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Be.,
Itoom 26, Trust Building, No. 4d Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawvtlle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
over O. F. Hodglns' Store, Main St.
Renfrew wanta the Dominion Government to grant a tenue of |3,200 per mile for 75 miles to the Irondale. Bancroft and Ottawa Railway to allow it to c nnact with Kenftow.
At Brantford, 0t., onTueelay, March 25th, 1902 by tie Rev. W. A. Martin, Margaret, dsughter of Mr Woo iter, to George R»evea of the Star K-iterprise, K^aoviUe, Ont.
P. S.—Men’s and Boys’ Felt Hats, Raincoats and Umbrella».
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
At Mereal Edward Laurin, who shot and killed Lia father's coachman, G. W. Smith, who waa found guil'y cf manslaughter,
Thanks to the export duty on logs it is announced that the output of the Georgian bay saw mille beat a’l record# the
coming eeaao .l||j||||||||||||||||||||||||||i|j |||||||||||||||||||||||||
w-mld onîf-fiub an eud 4>u od that m luatiy might be similarly booming.
Walter
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods
• AC ;
I
c
Now if the government [
exontt duty nn pulp
OK THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC
The special number of the Toronto
M i e*»m**##*Ma*#v'g the HiteVeutb *0
mvwrsary of that eiodil«ni journal is o.iej L-ary. R C. chapluin w thtlfb tirer Cmi-of the lianda imert tptuneiw of	illustrât-	<§jao contingent, will	rhortly re»um to
ed spec *1 edit > .s which have	appeared	jgauth Africa to locate	the grave# of < ’a-
iu Canada.	1 nadiana who are sleeping beneath the Poachers Heavily f mea.
The expo coital ^;«ciaU at Osj	Quebec, April 27”the Police Court
Uwa l ive sen . out 1( ,7<3 three pou d	St. Pierre, aged 53, of 175 Kent this merniog. Judge Angara fined a
«sK«7-ai îa	ss’.lr W	5L-ss
packagt- t > farme rs who uve	)W 1 <*	sulphide wo;ke. The	deceased leave# a	hundred	and	thirteen	dollars	and coeta
special auterest m the work.	grown up family and a	second wife and	for	killing four	beaver out	of season.
On Monday afternoon last a passenger | three young children
special in charge if engineer Shaw and	P
fireman Puni l, (formerly cf Pembroke), Montreal, Que., April 4 -Blanehs
while running east near Beaucage, came Houde, three years of age, was probably scrota a large ma’e de?r standing on the mortally wounded yesterday by her track. The animal took along the tie. «even-year-old brother. The boy athia in front of the engine for about a half-a- parents home, Richmond street, found a mile before turning off, which it did in ?aded revolver, and accidently shot the the nick of t me. It waa in splendid con- j 8ir*ln ( he abdomen, dition.—North Bay Despatch
The Vuitei Sûtes officials at Montreal ! »tabulary writes home that the men say that at least one handsome residence | *ho arc captured by the B era are
has been erected at Weatmount out of made to pay ,for .	hT**'	8*?d,ef’
the buiinoaa of smuggl ng Chineae into I r‘tiee:,e cl» ta<c®n fiym them, and says States, and latterly aa the vigilance of that	ruling i# nut changed the
the officiate haa increased, the market me" wlJl ehirk their duty rath or than
the border he fined so heavily. -
Trust Building
Jr is md# r«*o*d tl R*v Father O
LADYSMITH.
J. F. GR0NAT7
48 Spitrkt Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1-124.
Attendri court» of Ottawa and Pontiac OUtrictH.
Fishing Nets
ARTHUR McCONEELL. B. C. L
ADVOCATE. 6c,
LAW CHAMBERS }
At ShawTlIlf 3rd Thu»,lay eiwhmonth. At request attend» OowU in District of VonUec. Prompt collections and Imme-dlate remittance.». Special attention to
iKHTeapondenta.
I
MAIN STREET HULL. - - QUE
•,,. and ....
Fishing Tackle
For South Africa
NàMBrt OF CANADA SCHOOL TEACHER* WH«
HAVE BERN ACCEPTED
W. W. IRELAND,
O
of all kinds.
McDOUOALL & CT7ZNER,
Hardware Merchants, - - • Sussex St. Ottawa.
Ottawa, April 1.—The following is the list of Canadian school teachers accepted for Service in South Africa •
Western Ontario.
Miss Florence J. Wilkinson, Toronto;
Miss Augusta E Hooper, Toronto Junction. Miss Berta Brydon, Nobletou; Mias Katherine Msclennan, Toronto; Mias
M.Sdo HiVlirUn'r,	. Toronto, A pH! L-Cb.tlo. A Hendty -------------------------
rjSr&££*"‘ M“	,L“:, :i ii promptly secured!
_	_	.	Vte-Mey and H decker at reefs, was ar- S Write for our interesting books " Invent-
Eastern Untano.	rested tonight on a charge of theft from I or*» Help” and “How you areswtndled. '
Mi«Davin« Rodger, Bel wood; Miss a registered letter of $3, the property of )
E Dryedale, Perth; Mies Florence Ran- the Dominion Government. For some / rou trm our opinion m to whether it in dall, Ottawa; Miss Annie Moulton, time complaints have been made aa to ( probably patentable. We meke a1
Gananoque; Miss Julia Urquhart, Ot- the disappearance of money from letters S	refe^cw'fum£hel
tawa; Mies Libbie Rodger. Bel wood; sent through the branch office, and Dis- f	MABIOM * seami
Miw Ruby Both well; Galt; Miss George trict Inspector Henderson sent a decoy $ PATENT SOLICITONS ft A Grant, Newington.	letter. It reached the general office with- > ciwit » Mwbsaicsi Engineers, oremiew
iBBsSasss?
dry, finding the marked money on his
1 Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgage», etc., executed legally and satis-
A member of the South African Con
factorlly.
8HAWVILLE - - - - QUE
S. A. MACKAY. B.C.L..
"¦agsar
MONET TO LOAN ON EAST TERMS. BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawvllle on Tuesday and Sat urday of every week.
Robbing the Mails
PATENTS
price of safe conduct aero « to the United States has risen from $100 t> $200.
John Lcughrin, M. L A. who repree anted Nipiaeing in the Legislature shortly Railway freight 1to be dissolved, has been appointed retrain exactly a mile long is being hauled I gistrar of deeds and master of titles for over the Thunder Bay section of the road the district His seat has been divided with a view to test the amount of ton- into two ridings by the redistribution bill, nsge that can be handled there, and if and Mr Loughrin drops out of public
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County tJje re|Uit ^ gacc#eiful the section | life.
I sesSbHsBSs
month, a variety of arUolas always on, ^he attendance at the annual ses- themselves as travellers for a Toronto	_	„	_
hand tor sale; ortie: 6U»wvi . I e,;on 0f the Provincial Orange Grand «tee l range concern, who induced them Miss Isabel Perry, 91 St. Genevieve
Lodge at Smith’s Falls on Wednesday	to	sign what purported to be agreements	«tree*, Montreal; Miss Sarah L. Abbott,	on
was the largest of	recent years, and | to	drive them through the country at $2,	56 St. Matthew street, Montres’.; Mie«	f
the Grand Master made touching re- 50 a day, but which turned out to be Mabel K. Coffey, Millington; Mise Sy! .	. . _ .
fere nee to the lose sustained by the ! agree menti to buy rangea at $64.	via E Lee, Cookehire; Mise Jessie b leet,¦ The strike of farm isb^n i » «p e
order in the death of	Past Grand Master	.. m	, w,	22 Rush brook afcr#e\ Montreal; Miss E. | mg through Itate
tori W Bell M.	P , and Supreme	Ottawa, April 2—The marriage of Mies	Macbemey, 823 Palace street, Mont
Grand Master and Sovereign N. Clarke Marion Blair, daughter of Hon. A. G. real; M as Ellen Maude Graham, Que Wallace M. P.	Blair, to Mr. Walter Clarke, of St John, | b@c.
*	...	took place this afternoon at St. Andrew's i	v0?a Soot’a.	"H
-----	. A quiet but very pretty welding vs* churçh. The Rev. Dr. Herriige per-	n ,.u. r h»L Brid.e.etar
! bury, Rev. A. E. MiteheV, of Enkir.e ^ man Mr. an(1 Mrs Clarke left on I Mackenzie, Siellerton.
J church, being the officiating clergyman. I New York train on s trip to the The bride looked very pretty in a gown [ gt of pale blue crepe de chene with trimmings of cream flilk applique insertion I and lace. After the marriage ceremony
A Canadian Pacific
J. J. TURNER,
P, Q. Sot reyore Aset Society of Civil Bag!
{iTuums SU ILD1 sï'mûwîSmt is*
hotels.
St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs C ML McLean,
i
Rev. R. C. Horner, hsi received word of the safe arrival at Assointe, Egypt, cf Rev Wesley Trotter and Miss Elma Cannon, the missionaries of the Holiness Movement sent out from Ottawa. As sainte is a point 370 miles from Alexan-dti, an i it is the intention cf the missionaries to establish a branch of the church.
Charles, the two year old eon of M-. Geo. Dryedale, of Perth, was found dead well at the rear of his father.» residence on Drummond street, Tuesday afternoon of last week. The child had been absent from hia parents' sight for about two hours and a search was made with the above result The little fellow waa apparently standing on the beards at the ton of the well, which is a very deep one, when one of the boards broke and he fell through. .
The admitality will create a new c'a* of war veedrls to be known a# icouts.
The Afghan »rmy is in a state of insubordination, owing to arrears of pay.
Atlantic City, a celebrated sea side resort, was badly scourged by 6to Thursday last.
The fund for the erection of memorials in South Africa on the graves of Canadian soldiers now amounts to $375.
The Fitziimmons-Jefferies fight will tske place at Los Angeles, for 126,000 a aide. The time is not yet announced.
Tots of six and eight years of age are at work in the cotton mil's of Montgomery, Ala.
Modern Athene, Greece, is now a city of marble. Even the sidewalks on the principal streets are paved with marble.
5HHKF' SS ÉSSSH
on
A
I 111!'

New Brunswick.
Miss Mabel V. Elliott, Chatham; Miss Avion & Duclos have carried an appeal I Sophy N Pickle, Kingston; Miss Ida E. to the supreme court in the case of Hero- McLeod, Frederictin; Mtei	'
jEWBLLBB | ïisr¦	s 1A*m'*cm
m •
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
I

end
ism
on
/ Vi

I H

A SriCTALITT
^
###PAGE###6###




»
/
FROM BONNIE SCOTLAND.
HEAD.
To be less than candid was to be less than just.
tion was ns to separating the	two,	I "Your	head is extremely thick I"
because they were thoroughly woven	en'(1 the	teacher, accordingly.	,#8u
throughout, and it was only by de- thick, indeed, that unless you study taching the fine fibres from each oth-1 very hard you will be unable to er that you identified tbs cotton thrust hatpins through it when you fibre. 1 foil on the device of using Brow UP I
soda. I took a bit of blanket	and	Much terrified, the littfo girl	now
put it in a vessel with soda,	and	Applied	herself assiduously to	her
boiled it there, and very quickly tho | toesops. wool got eaten away by tho soda,
and there was left behind tho cotton I The biggest guns in tho British as a kind of skeleton—a sort of ,1RVy nre of Hlf-inch calibre, and ghost—of the original blanket out I can on,y bo fired once in three mi fief which it was taken this merely to indicate to you the |new perniflous efTccts of using caustic
Ç1—.......	, I Butter, Eg*% Poultry, Apples &, Produce
S5,.“U”7iu“5a	DAWSON COMMISSION'oo”ra"
madam, 1 always give my tend to destroy the woolen fibre.0 |	_____ | Oorrenpoodence Solicited.
customers what they ask	for. Had	Now, 1 Grant	to tell you that we	I In tho United Kingdom only 1
‘VOU n‘ IU<'1 a, particular	brand of	neighbors have	had a talk over the	person in 200 is a landowner. In
soap you would have had it.	matter, and we are not . going fo France 0 in 100 own landed pro-
;iin. «l a particular brand! How have our clothes and hands ruined in | perty.
was I to know anything of brands'* jthis way. Several of our neighbors 1 » -	a^..i 
luit know bet ter now, and 1 know who know have proved to us that Messrs. C. C. Richards & Co.	, I2J
\\liât mim'd my blanket.*;-	and	my	Washing Sodas,	Potash, Chloride of	Gentlemen,—After suffering for me-	g
hands are in a nit o plight,	loo!	Lime, and "soap substitutes" arc	ven years witli Inflammatory rheum-	[ti
1 can assure you. madam, that It most injurious to clothes and hands, atism, so had that I was eleven g is not	my desire to	sell	anything	“Free alkali" in	soaps is practically	months confined to my	room, and	@
, at, w 1	, injurious to	either the	(he caustic soda that burns the	for two years could not	dross myself	s
our children,-who	had	been	left	hands	or c othing of	my	customers,	clothes. Why,	you dare not keep	without help. Your agent gave me	| g
alone,	were	burned	to	death	in	the	and 1	shall If glad	to	know how	Caustic Soda in	a tin canister; it	n bottle of MINAltIVS	LINTMFNT
hows»' of a miner in Put her glen,	you prove that what l sold you in- must he in an earthen jur, or It will .in May, ’V7, and asked me to try it.
,,olm iHu.vxii. minister of	,>-(*ur hlnnkcts and ypvr .haods even corrode tho tin! Now. it’s for which i did. and was so well pleased
J; “	Newhurgli. and father of the	wus tvllmR	b\ill my you to provide us with pure soap with the results 1 procured more.
I mm-ii of Scotland, has died in his trouble, and she lent me a little cut- without free alkali, or we must Five bottles completely cured me and Pt th x car.	\ i n g, and here it is: you can read it: find it elsewhere.	I have had no return of the pu in for
Pr. Stevenson Macadam, l.eet ur- Madam, you enlighten me I So eighteen months.
many soaps are advertised as pure, The above facts are well-known to that ! really took little heed to any everybody in this village and neigh-diifvrcnce between them.	hoi hood.
WHY WOOLENS WEAR THIN.
Ad,IM 0 a TOVIg Husband-Don t start out by giving your wife advice,
but bring her home a packet of
A Scene in a'Grocer's Store.
NOTES BY MAIL FROM HER BANKS AND BRAES.
Sir, 1 have just come roung myself to tell you that you have absolutely spoiled a pair of blankets on mo.
I have!
Many Things Happen to Interest the Minds of Auld Scotia’s
Sons.
Lerwick Harbor Board are to erect a fish mart, to cost along the Esplanade
Yes, sir, you have!
I Surely you tiro mistaken, madam! I I uni not mistaken. I ment round °t my little girl a* few days ago for a 000 I good strong soap to wash nut some heavy tilings. In
'I hi* Linlighgow Oil Company are j used what you sent me. and the re-1o dose their mines Several hun- suit is that" my blankets are just tho died men will be thrown idle.	I skeleton of what they were. They
are ruined, sir, and it’s your fault!
Yes, but I sent what I usually send in such cases. •
# »
&
A large portion of tho roof of St, Enoch church, Glasgow, was destroyed by lire recently.
Oxer lO.OuO tons Scotch potatoes have been exported from Dundee to the United States this season.
The late Mr. Neil McLean. Edinburgh. has iHiqueathed about £20.-0(H) to the National Bible Society.
The collections for the Lifeboat Saturday Fund durih& 18V1 totalled £21.433	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
400.
1 mention Iutes- They weigh 110* tons.
12-Inch gun weighs only 60 tons, hut can bo fired three times
The
T.O
¦s
mn-
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICE# FOR YOU*
What you usually send! No wonder Mrs. Moore, my neighbor, complains of her c lothes wearing out; 1 find you usually ‘send her the same soap.
But
Limited. TORONTO
j~| lapraigPÆfPfaEfgrg'rp	msjsiefme/ïymB/gimsigjBfi'UE/c'jaj
Don’t use cheap paint on your house, or the first blast of storm and rnln or hot summer sun makes it look shabby. Cheap paint with no reputation is dear paint.
Glasgow contributed XI,-
Owing to tin* largo takes of herring at Lerwick many boats from the east Const haxv proceeded there.
The income of the National Bible Society of Scotland last yeai £.'16,6 I l, and the expenditure £28.-
Bsr>.

was
RAMSAY'S PAINT!
0
; is tho purest paint, the oldest and ' beet known in I from pure materials—made right | to preserve your house to beautify I it, to make it look fresh and bright. Ready for use and sold by I all dealers at the right price for tho best that goes in paint making.
Drop us a card and aek for BOOKLET "K" FREE showing cute of beautiful homes.
tetAb. if42
Canada. Made
Rex
fj
1
Edinburgh Presbyters declined by

or on Chemistry. Surgeon's Hull. Edinburgh, describes the destructive property of soda upon wool very graphically.
"After mentioning how strong alkali such as potash and soda, disastrously ullect cotton, mien, and .wool be says:
On one occasion I employed this property of soda in a useful way. There was a large quantity of new blankets sent to one of our hospitals which, when given out. were said by the patients to be not so warm as the old blankets were, and flint led to an investigation ns to whether the blankets were genuine or not. They looked well and weighed properly, and I got a blanket sent to me for examination and analysis. Wo found soon that there was cotton mixed with the wool, and the ques-
TBE SPRIMTt PEELIE
Yours gratefully. A. DATRT. St. Timotheo, Que., May 16th. 1809
i
T have one. howevnr, that has medical certificates of its freedom from free alkali
A. RAMSAY & SON,
___ Montreal Paint Makers I
z rEE/BJcy5JEJ5EEI®ByB®aÉ5JEfcM5/5E ®5IBE/i5/mEE®B®5EiaB/B/arefaja/a
I
Variable spring weather
DISASTROUS TO WEAK.
PEOPLE.
is guarantied pur
r.nd the makers offer $5,000 reward to any one who can prove it ia not pure, and further. I am authorized to return the purchase money to any one finding cause for complaint.
Ix*t me see it!
260 years ago land on Manhattan Island, where New York stands, was sold at two cents for 12 acres. Today it is worth $1,250,000 per acre.
« #
Even Usually Robust People Feel Run Down and Out of Sorts at Th s Time—Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills Are the Very Best Spring Tonic.
The Mutual Life of Canada.
Why, Sunlight
soap? it’s a beautiful, clean, fresh- Deafness Cannot be Cured
looking soap, and this Octagon local application*. an they cannot reach the shape is very handy. Give me five AIsoaeed portion of the ear. Tliare iaomly bars.	way Vi euro deafness, and that is by constitu-
tional n mediep. Deafness is caused by an
...ïïsxfe	" »r,nhe
I hsve no room In my wtore a w for roeiooue eoncer. flamed you nave a rumbling sound or imi»er
ESteSlHSS The ComPar,y So,id and Progressive— Another Year '' """"	'	^«-<011 i*r w. ,i„	"wlZ'd»	of Substantial Gains.
itroyet	nine
1
Head Office,
Waterloo. Ontario.
(Formerly The Ontario Mutual Life.)
one
The spring months are a trying time to most people. At no other time of the year rlo health and strength seem so hard to gain and to hold. You do not feel that you arc really sick, but you feel about as bad as you could ii you were seriously ill. That feeling ought to be got rid of—and it can be. What you need is a tonic to enrich the blood and free it from the impurities which have lodged in your system during the winter, and which arc responsible for your present condition. Dr. Williams* Pink Pills is the only reliable, never-failing tonic medicine. These pills make new, rich blood, strengthen the nerves and bring fcealth and vitality to every organ in the body. They are an ideal spring medicine and the best thing in the world for all diseases having their origin in impoverished or impure blood. The case of Miss Belle Coboon. tthite Hock Mills. N.-S.. is u
32ND ANNUAL MEETING.
The decision of Glasgow town	---—
council to increase the salary of the | CHEAP EXCURSIONS TO CALI-* chief constable of the city from £900
to £1,000 has received official up-1 For the meeting of the Independent provol.	! Order of Foresters at Los Angeles,
Mr. Laurence Pullnr of Perth, has April 29th., cheap round trip rates provided a sum of £10,000 for the 11 *n effect via the Chicago, Uncompletion of the bathymetrical sur- ion I'acific &»d North-Western Line, vey of the fresh water lakes of Great **ate from Toronto $62.00, and pro-Brit uin and Ireland.	| portionately low rates from other
Mr. W. T. Lithgow, shipbuilder, | Points in Canada. Three through Port Glasgow, has given £10.000 to trftins daily from Chicago, with Pull-enable the town council to carry 1 P\ans’ Tourist Sleepers and Free Re-through their sell vine of erecting I dining Chair Cars. Select the best houses for the working classes.	route, affording finest scenery and
Glasgow Parish Council has agreed , Quickest time. Choice of routes re* to appoint n committee to inquire turning. Full information and spe-how far the Council would proceed du I folder of this excursion can be in the way of providing the outdoor * obtained from II. II. Bennett. Goner-poor with suitable houses*	a* Agent, 2 East King Street, To-
Scottish shipbuilders launched dur- ronto. Ont. ing February vessels of 47,210 tons, ns compared with 14 vessels of 22,811 tons in January, arid 18 vessels of 61,500 tons in January, 1901.
Some years ago the trustees of the cottage at Alloway in which Burns was horn decided to restore the historic, building and its environments to their original aspects as far as possible. The work is now practical l.v complete. A number of modern additions to the cottage, and one or two buildings erected since the poet's days and used as a museum and refreshment rooms, have been demolished.
F. J. CHENEY & CO.. Toledo. 0
y Druggist*. 76c.
Family Pille are
idsSF-*	X 2. sss sr.
Sold b Hall>
the best.
FORNIA
DIRECTORS’ REPORT.
""" rep°rt’ wltb
They are pleased to inform yon that the business of the .	.	... 4l . year m all respects he* been of the most satisfactory
character, enabling them to make the name liberal distribution of surplus to policyholders as in the past, 1 he volume and character of new business were all that could be desired ; the death rale was much below the expectation, and the lapses and to surrenders, iu proportion to business in force, very modsrate. Amount of applies-
e.°5?i	,!,e7	received was $4.463.000 ; accepted and policies fatted
$4.071,669, all of which with the exception of $33,500 was secured in Canada.
The Board of Directors have not seen any reason why
a ,	.. .	should depart from the rale hitherto followed or
confining their operations to our own country and Newfoundland.
Insurance in Foroo J*1® number of policies in force was 21,785, assuring . * « .	, ^ ,	$31,718.031, the reserve on which, baaed on our own
standard, Actuaries 4 per cent., on nil business previous to 1900, and Hm. 34 per cent, on ail business taken since then, is $5,301,100.41.	\
Assats and Inooma	Cl,h assets are $5,439.511.05, and the total assets
ni*	The surplus on Government standard,
over all liabilities, is $*).,,470.00 ; oa the Company’s standard $379,070.53. The net - vmium Income was $J>3.610.06 ; interest and rent $255,817.03 : ÿ.d.2o0 ; total income $1.277,tfc6.C8.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦IPaid to Polloyholciers Tb« *™ouut paid to policyholders was $493,533.43, of rinilO Sptuidid bargains. Fend for	.	..	^05,021.05 was paid to living policyholders,
r Anmu printed lists.—Western Real 7,'1®.	^l*1™8 P?ld were $l8t,510.t>0 ; Matured Endowments $163,480; Purchased
Estate Exchange, London. Ont._______ Policies $o2 6.1.37 : Surplus $12 253.51 ; Annuities $6,763 07.
During the rear the demand for money has been active, nnd the funds of the Company have been fully employed.
The rate of interest has lieen good, and payments on both instalments and Interest have been promptly met, the interest overdue being much less than in any former year. —.	- -	¦ Al	.	.	I he manager, officers and staff continue to discharge their duties to the entire
IIlifting’ I	Cl AS flflfflP’ I I ?atUf{l£tioiiof the	^ *n best Interests of the company.
WICIII& 4	# |	1 he Executive Committee have carefully examined all the Securities, and com*
pnred thein with the entries in the ledger, and found them to correspond therewith.
ion will he called upon to elect four Directors In place of Rt. lion. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Alfred Hoskin, K. C., E. P. Clement, and Hon. J. T. Garrow, whose term lias expired, nil of whom are eligible for re-election Waterloo, March 6, 1992.
Flying fish
have been known to rise 20 feet above the surface of the
sea
New Business
M for Mlnard’s and Me no other
A pound of cork is sufficient float a man weighing 154 pounds
strong fonoboration of these stato-
s.:>
this down
w p c. list
Canada First
Three years ago s / ring 1 was very much run The least exertion exhausted
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
seemed to lose ambition and a feeling of langotir and sluggishness took its place. My appetite failed me and my sleep at nights was disturbed and restless. In fart I was in a pitiable condition. After trying two or three medicines without benefit. I began the use of I)r.
Williams' ÿink Pills and they speedily worked a change for the better and by the time 1 had used a half dozen boxes I felt stronger than I had done for years. 1 have since used the pills in the spring and 1 find them an excellent tonic."
Because of their thorough and prompt action	on	the blood and
nerves these little pills speedily cure anaemia, rheumatism, sciatica, partial paralysis,	St.	Vitus’ dance,
scrofula and eruptions of tho skin, erysipelas, kidney and livor troubles ami the fim< tional ailments which
make the lives of so many women e ANOTHER HAPPY MOTHER.
source of constant misery. Other so-	---
called tonic pills are mere imita- Tells How Her Baby of Eight tions of this sterling	remedy. Get	Months Profited by Wise Treat-
the genuine with	tho	full name "Dr	ment.
Williams’ Pink Pill.-, for Palo People" on the wrapper around every box. Sold by all medicine dealers or sent postpaid at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 by addressing The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co Brock ville. Ont.
me
o
o
TWO FRIENDS.
To gain his ends In Life’s fierce tussle, Man’s two best friends Are Hope and Hustle.
Frwervoe the teeth. Sweetens the breath StrengUiene the gums
annuity premium»
Step* Ihr Coagli end vrerk* off the €eld.
Laxative Hromo-Qulnine Tablets cure a cold In one day. No i.uro, No Pay. Price 26 cents.
Most deaths during tho 24 hours take place between 5 and 6 a m., the least between 9 and 11 in the evening.
Investments
Woods Photo.Engravim.
^j.l Jones Eng
-166 BAY STREET. — ÏORONÏO
For the reri best send year work to Ik#
" BRITISH AMERICAN DTEINC 00.”
Look (or Host In yew town, or send 41 reel.
—+
Per Over Sixty Years	. _	_
Mas. Winslow * Soothing Eyrup has been used by ! Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec.
miUlons of mothers for their children while teeihint It soothes the child, toften* the gums, shays pain, cures wiod colic, régulâtes the stomach and bowel*, end Is the best remedy for Diarrhoea. Twenty Arm cent* a bottle.
Sold Iff druggists throughout the world, lie sure and esk for Mkm. Winslow stioormmi Sviurp.'
ROBERT MELVIN, President.
ABSTRACT OF ACCOUNTS FOR 1901.
INCOME.
BOYS 8HIÜAUC
Bugle Band
Instruments, Bugles, Files, Drums, Cnpe. etc.
EVERY TOWN OR SCHOOL
Can have a File end Drum or Bugle Bend. Low«t prices ever quoted. Illustrated price-list
SttvS&L INST*&ffiTH,NG in MVS1C
WHALEY, KWCE 6 CO., Limited
•	Toronto, Canada
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
Premiums, Net.................
interest, Rent and Annuities.
------$ 998,619 06
... ...	279,067 02
Ml
Italy,
Roumania, See via,
Teething time is the critical age in4 Greece are the only European coun-a child’s life. Any slight disorder in tries where men- outnumber the stomach or bowels at that time Greece has 113 men to 100 greatly increases the peevishness of the little one and may have serious and even fatal results. It is impossible to take too great care of your
¦is*™
T I he annual meeting of the Clyde lion and teething, and the mother's y tongue._	*__ vjj
industrial Training Ship Associa- strength was severely taxed by the tion was held in Glasgow under the continuous care the child needed. A presidency of Lord Inverclyde.	box of Baby’s Own Tablets, however,
Trie sple of pedigree cattle at made such an improvement that Mrs.
Perth was concluded last week, the McMaster is now enthusiastic in total realized for the two days their praise. "It gives me great amounting to £9,710 for 326 ani- pleasure to testify to the value of
.	Baby’s Own Tablets," she writes.
I he annual meeting of the Scottish "My baby of eight months was much Licensed Trade Defence Association troubled with constipation was held in Perth. Resolutions digestion and was very restless against proposed legislation wore night. I procured a box of Baby's passed.	Own Tablets, and the results
and
Total DISBURSEMENTS.
Death Claims, Endowments. Profits, etc. _. ...$ 493,532 45
All other Payments..
_ ...$1,277,086 08
# * #
women
women
215,676 04
#**
Minard’s Liniment is used by Physicians
•i
Total. ASSETS.
^oans on First Mortgages and Bonds Municipal Debentures and Bonds Loans on Company's Policies Real Estate, including Company's Office...
Cash in hand and in Banks ... .........
Other Assets... ...
$ 709,209 39
##**## eww
• e
Winnipeg, Min
$2,650,560 61 2,012,449 03 643,361 93 123,729 01 14,3)2 25 313,403 34
• ee
• ••
•••••••
••••• ee* •#*	#**	• m ******
EPPS’S
******	* *	* #e	* * *	*********
******
• ••
• t* HtMMMMMlMMlIMM
• • •
we
GRATEFUL COMFORTING.
COCOA
Total...
LIABILITIES.
-------$5,757,822 17
ee e
Reserve, 4 and 3* per cent All other Liabilities.......
$5,301,100 41 ...	76,751 23
* * *
********* •••
• *e	*#*#«***
,, breakfast-supper.
• ee
Keep Minard's Liniment In the House
*
...	\..$5,87Ÿ,851 64
Total SURPLUS
On the Company's Standard 4 and 3* per cent...$ 379,970 68 On the Government Standard, 4& and 3* per cent... 605,470 00
IS YOUR LEO BETTER?
Hundreds suffer from Uloers and Run-
T^TPWiiiiiipBin
most satisfactory, and if everyone Interested In its welfare will do his duty the year upon which we have entered will be still more successful than the one just passed. ^¦^r. A. Hoskin, K. C., First Vice-President, having supported the motion at length, the reports were adopted unanimously.	MÊÈ0TW
£h? scrutineers reported the unanimous re-election of the Right Hon. Sir V Ilf rid Laurier Hon. J T. Garrow, A. Hoskin, K. C., and E. P. Clement ns Directors for the ensuing term of three years. The full Board is now composed following members .—Robert Melvin, President, Guelph ; Alfred Hoskin. K. C . 1st Vice-President. Toronto ; the Hon. Mr. Justice Britton, 2nd Vice-President. King-Eton; Rmht Hon. Sir Wilfrid Lancier. PC., G.C.M.G., Premierof Canada. Ottawa; Francis(X Bruce, M. P., Hamilton ; J. Kerr Fisken, B. A.. Toronto ; E. P. Clement, Berlin; W. J. Kidd, B. A.. Ottawa; Geo. A. Somerville, London; Hon. F. W. Borden M. D., Minister of Militia and Defence, Ottawa; Hon. J. T. Garrow, K. C.# Goderich, and \\ m. Snider, Waterloo : and the officers of the Company are —Geo.
YtmrmZi	Bass - *•— >j-
• •

CONGRATULATIONS
*
and in-
______ _________________h	_____ wore
Mr. J. M. Barrie, Emeritus Proies- so satisfactory that I have not used sor Masson and M. A. C
Mackenzie any other medicine since. My baby have been unanimously appointed fU'l is now regular and healthy, and honorary members 'of the Scottish 1 getting her teeth seems much easier, Arts Club.	and she rests a great deal better.
The church at Hutton, Busccl. near These Tablets are a great help to Scarborough, was struck by light- little ones when teething." aing. The tower was wrecked, and Baby's Own Tablets are guaran-over half a ton of debris fell on to teed to contain no opiate or other the roof.	harmful drug. They produce natural
At Cupar, Duncan Kennedy, for- fileeP» because they regulate the merly accountant of the Ladybank stomach and bowels and comfort the bramh of the Union Bank of Scot- nerves land, was tried and acquitted charge of stealing £530 from the bank.
Glasgow Improvement Trust Committee have agreed to apply for parliamentary powers to acquire land by agreement within or without the
During 1901 over 10,000
à
A Chain is no Stronger than its Weakest Link and a Wire Fence is no Stronger than its Uprights.
No one should expect a ri fence to hoM up of itself j between the posts.
I) The Frost upright wires . are large and strong. The V Frost Lock bolds them
P in place and each support * 5*552/ its own share of the weight. Light tie wires give no support. Bending to tie tuvn wcajjens them and they are apt to
break when the strain is severe. Frost Fence never breaks.
Writ* for Catm togum.
THE FROST WIRE FENCE CO., LIMITED, . WELLAND, Ont.
some

of the


They promptly cure such troubles ns colic, sour stomach, stipation, diarrhoea, worms, indigestion and simple fever. É ¦¦¦¦¦ up colds, prevent croup
U

CO
on a

J»-:
They break and allay the irritation accompanying the cut-teeth^^gggjjgjgggggE
they can be given with absolute safes ty to the youngest infant. Sold by all druggists, or sent postpaid at 25 cents a box, by addressing tho Dr. Williams Medicine Co., llrock-vlllo, Ont. Free sample sent on application. Mention this paper.


¦i.-iis

Dominion Line Steamship#
Bwt8e 10 U,M
town.
Lara** eud Feet Steamship* Buprrlor c ,or all cImbm of pMMQfer*. Hsl<>,,„e sod Stetarowpe
ssttsa	&
5tT.<(j5ÏÏS,,‘ï ,w» »o wt
The Frost Strongest
TO PRINTERS
Dissolved in water
pool
Made.
i
FOR SALE.—Two 2-rcvolutlon Campbell , bed 40x#6 Inches. Splendid order. Price Si,oso each. Terms easy.
S. FRANK WILSON,
73 West Adelaide St, Torsnts
opera-
Mlranj’sLInMLuHNieniiao’sFritRij
Torranc e à Oo.. MontrealPorUend.


	
	


###PAGE###7###
One should first possess cows that are copious milkers, yet whoso milk will test at least 3 per cent, of butter fat
cheese, a necessary adjunct of quality. A small vat of a capacity suited to your needs should be employed and a press with hoops to mold cheese of from 10 to 15 pounds In weight. Any flrstclass dairy supply the] »*('»'&"+'"»'#*#'#.)# | house ought to be able to furnish a
complete set of apparatus for a dairy cheese making plant.
It is beet to have a cheese house complete by itself for manufacturing purposes, and the making room if kept sweet and clean, as is essential can be used for the storage of the

face, It seemed to him that word# and #ong both came from her.
He wa# so deeply loet In thought, balmy wrapped In her own music, that neither of them heard the door open nor saw Philip Lisle enter the room.
He stood silently looking on the pretty eceno so suggestive of home comfort and happiness. Ills eyes lingered on the sweet face of young
seemed to kiss her golden hair clear, rich voice filled the room with
When the butter begins to form in grains, cold water or brine should be dashed in the churn, which will so-This will insure good, rich parate the butter from the buttermilk and leave it in kernels about the size of wheat grains.
The butter should be washed until the water runs clear The butter worker should be scalded and cooled with ice water, and the butter lifted #rom the churn on to It.
About, an ounce of ar/y pure salt should be sifted over the whole surface, and about a tablespoonful of fine sugar to ten pounds of butter added, and the whole worked through carefully. Stop working before ths night's milk, after it bus been aerat- | grain of the butter is broken.
The vat itself Is a good place
Grass and grain waving In the breeze I !" whlcb to e,toro l*» -«ghCe milk-Wheat and rye, and all auch aa these; !"*• and, runnln« wat*r about It, or Corn at harvest, yellow aa gold. «e- Cftn beemployed to keep it cool.
A"d -..... « " "" «" I«“Skit .mK
fatal to your success as an amateur cheese maker
wants is a rich, nutty flavored, reli-
Horae, chestnut and black and bay,-1 able„	'heeW5- nnd th,Ht °f
Some ol the (arm attractions are sma l b,!lk' This can so easily be they.	produced in a homo dairy.
Strive to please the public tasce
The orchard with apple, large and 111,1,1 neods in tbis direction, and you fair,	can secure from 1 to 2 cents per
Helot. Del» !... Ito. to ,»lf, I
5S^."r,o“W'¦	*»> «-	l,”tvi!, 'zczz\z
day, dairies, under 28 or 2.1 cows would hardly find it profitable.
Remember also that the profitableness all lies iu your being thorough and in dead earnest, in pushing your business to a success
«	* Y	* ^K'*OK j )f(ir
FOR FARMERS
| The Fatal Dower
Seasonable and Prof I labia Hints far the Busy Tillers of the Soil.
?
OR
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
girl, so spiritual, so tender the evening sunbeams
HHHIIiÊH The
ON THE FARM
#
&e*#*e*e*#"#»#*#*#*e"e*e*e*e*#«#*#*#*e*#*#*#*
On the farm, * "the garden of the
SYNOPSIS OP FHECEDINO [ with a smile, "11 we were always In I "luel“ •”eeler than a"/ he had ever I Two 'hundred¦	¦
HtafcT"'
Lord Lisle’s face as the artist took j shttl| m her . goon> 1)alsy . my
, .C,°,Ve,Vng .,r.°m \large plcluro heart tell, me so My life has not and held it up before them.	been • very happy one. I shall
Lord Lisle uttered no word. H" understand Its sorrows better when gazed for some m nutes In deep ail- j have seen her again.” ence. Hie dead wife s sweet foun-	-wm'
tcnanco shone out from the canvas living and breathing. The artist
acres and some odd
ed
i

i


Hords of cattle speckled and red, Sheep and the lambs an hundred Head.
What the public
ter

CHAPTER XIV

2%
Lord Lisle could not understand how or why this young girl made her way so quickly into his heart.
She had not the regal beauty of hi»
child. She seemed all soul. Her,.	......
the sound of long-forgotten music.	. I,.iaJ!cr vcry	scl^ ho 8,11(1 a^	speak so nobly before. I came in
There was something about her that	I 6nR, . Turning	to Rita, ho	^on*	five minutes ago ; but the music
seemed strangely familiar.	IwîÜe Margaret, come here, dear bound me with a magic spell.".
"It must be from Rita's descrip- c“,; ook we on this face ; it Lord Lisle started up and greeted tion that I know you so well. ?h nca now among tho nngels. ThisUia nephew warmly Daisy," he said one day. “I feel as 18 your mot*,er ,n.v beloved wife..	, * ; am glad you have returned,
though wo were renewing an old ac-	1 , 0 came forward and looked	with	pbilip/' he said. “Now let me in-
quaintance instead of forming a new	CUI IOU8t ey0® at	11,0 Picture.	I or	troduca you to my other daughter,
once her eclf-possession abandoned | Daisy—Rita's foster sister."-
She won upon him strangely. lt[iic.r ' knew not what to say—i Re bowed respectfully, and she was perfect rest to be with her ; lit- |a 80 wor(,e seemed out of place Just] drooped her shy eyes as he looked
tie fallings, little (its of impatience	.	admiringly at her.
or irritability seemed to die out. 1 suppose you have no remem- Almost before she had raised them aslmmcd In	her presence. She had a	.tin.<0..	of lcr#	8a (*	L°r(1 Lisle,	again Philipr	Lisle haef	said to hinj~
calm, bravo soul. The breath of	. ,,	,	. I self this was the girl he would win
worldliness	had never ruffled it ;	^°*	so,< 110	c’oar*	co‘° voice—j	for his	wife,	if it. were	possible to
passion or	pride had never marred	110,10 whatever.	1 was	too youngI	so	That	was his ideal—the face,
its purity.	when she left mo to remember her h ho figure, the voice he had imagined
Lord Lisle liked to bo with her ; I fft5c’ ...	,	and hoped some Unie to meet,
ho liked to watch the fair featuresL.J/old. Ll,s c. turnp(i to Sfty ,8f!mc‘ "Rita is away." said Lord Lisle, bent over books and pictures. He ;h n^ to	an” was startled at “She has gone with your old friend,
enjoyed talking to her ; her noble ^ appearance. Sho was gazing at Cduntess Guardi, to a ball.' Would thoughts and eloquent words filled 1 10 vTcture‘ her hftnda tlflfhtly clasp- you like to join them, Philip,
Him with wonder and delight	| ®d llHcr11foco had Rrown whi,to' ®VH remain with us ?”
Rita saw	all this, but it did not	10 tllc	pa' ftnr	an expression of	"Can	you	seriously	ask such a
pain her. There was no danger in I	fear, and bewilderment was In question ?" said Philip: “I ask noil. Lord Lisle was perfectly wcl- hc/' woad®ril)5 CZC^'	thing better In life, than to stay
come to love Daisy, provided no sus-|	. ''"at 1S y» Maisy asked Lord |j0re, I have many adventures to
picion of the truth ever entered hi* Lisle, feelingly.	tell you, uncle. I have been among
mind ; and it never did.	j 1 (,° n®1 know» shc replied, con- ‘strange Islands in glittering seas' ;
In every respect the two girls were ^iscdly , but it seems to me 1 have! do not send me into exile on the a perfect equality. Privately, 866,1 ,ba* face 80,110 time ; and sure-j very night of my return."
Rita managed to exercise a little,	tlloso eves llttvo ^iled at me !	| Lord Lisle sighed. Ho wished
authority over her sister >; and	*ou biivo seep <mo whose features Philip had shown more anxiety to
Daisy yielded with sweet, smiling resemble these ?" said Lord Lisle, bo with Rita—Rita, who had wept grace. Sho was too happy for any	. _.	, , _ ,	so passionately over the love she
small troubles to annoy her. She ^o that is not it, said Daisy, | bore hàn had never thought that life could Persistently yet with the same ap-be so pleasant and so bright. She Pearanlce of struggling to regain loved Lord Lisle, perhaps more than 80106 lost memory. Ah, bow I resile had ever loved anyone else. No ^llect Years ago I used to dream mean thought of jealousy or envy	a lady with just such eyes and
ever came to her. All the luxury Ups who came to mo in my sleep and grandeur that surrounded her ^*ta listened in silent terror. She belonged to Rita and Rita's father ; tried to speak but Lho words died sho was grateful for her own share nWll>* in A harsh nmrmur. of it, and envied no other. 7 “ I » Tho y°un* lady is imaginative,
Sho thought often contrast between her past life lho present. Sho never forgot
kindly, homely mother who had | y*w (hat face WÊfM PU I I striven to do her best. At first sho Lord Lisle, but it seems to me avoided all mention of Queen's; those eyes are looking at me,
Lynne and the faithful, honest wo-] tho lips going to speak.
man sho believed to have been her Lord Lisle was startled. molll(,r	J "You are nervous, he said, gent-
"Tho warm sun ha» tired you.
You

As the
r
alarm;
•f°y and Montent sit smiling there. Independence and tho old arm chair
Do not ofTer
„	your choose for sale until they tiro
RAISING CORN FOR SILAGE» | thoroughly cured, which takes from
The methods of growing com for M*0 to 40 days Do not launch into the silo are practically the same as jlhe ness without sortie previous those for growing corn for any oth- oxperience* tf y°u haven't that er purpose. Begin by plowing the j e*Pcrionpe. get it as an initial stop, ground to a good depth and follow with a harrow .or disk, working til the clpds are pulverized, and the land in tho very best of condition.
.When the soil is well warmed up, say tho last week of April or any time in May, plant at the rate of about bushel of seed to six Tho kernels can be dropped in drills or hills
WOMAN'S GOLF VEST.
32 to 42 Bust.
A snug-fitting vest that can be worn beneath tho wrap, when the weather demands, is a recognized necessity in this uncertain climate. Not golf players alone, but women of all pursuits find it essential to the complete winter wardrobe The admirable model shown includes many desirable features and is suited to all fancy vestings, the sleeves being made of silk in a harmonizing tone. The vesting provides warmth for the body while it is fitted so snugly as to avoid undesirable bulk, and tho silk sleeves allow of slipping the coat or jacket on and off with ease.
To cut this vest for a woman of medium size, 1 \ yards of.material 27 inches wide, or } yards 50 inches wide will be required, with 1 \ yard» of silk for sleeves.
« *
one
DIPPING SHEEP.
Sheep ticks can easily be destroyed in warm weather by dipping the sheep in some of the first-class dips on the market. They arc, however, a tough proposition in winter as it is not safe to dip during the winter months unless the weather .is very mild and a good warm shelter is at hand where the animais can be kept until dry. Even then there is more or less danger to the flock in the hands of the Inexperienced shepherds, as tho shôcp at this time, whether breeding or fattening animals have long fleeces which must be thoroughly soaked if the ticks are destroyed. This being the case, it takes a long time for tho fleece to dry and as sheep are very sensitive to dampness and cold, which penetrates the skin, there , is great danger of serious losses from dipping during the win-
un-

pne
or seven acres.
Some growers prefer one way and some the other.
For silage corn the aim should be to get a good growth of tho entire plant. A medium sized stalk with heavy foliage and as many ears practicable is the most desirable. If the corn is planted in hills, try to get three or four grains in each hill.
If drilled, try to have one stalk to every foot
grows well in the locality will answer. It is not necessary to plant a special silage corn.
Cultivation of silo corn should bo thorough and frequent. As soon as weeds appear, even if this be before the corn plant shows above the ground, go over tho field with a slant tooth harrow or some kind of a wceder. The weoder is preferable on many soils, as it is very effective
FOURTEEN TONS OF FLOWERS. I anci 19 possible for one man to go
___	over a very large area in a day. If
A Week’s Supply Sent From the !the spring happens to be wet, neither the weoder nor the disk harrow are entirely satisfactory. A reader Already, before England has wak- I states that under such conditions he ened from winter, tho Scilly Islands has used the spading harrow wltlr nro all abloom. It seems odd that excellent results. This is simply a spring tourists do not take the is- disk with slightly bent fingers 3	.
lands into their itinerary, for even 4 inches In length all around the out- Cound dippin& i8t n6cde‘l ¦ ¦¦¦¦ along tho Mediterranean there is no	si(j0 of tho disk. This spades up the	whole	flo.ck' “tt,e	lambs	included,	is
Power land better worth seçing. ,	ground and docs better work than I dipped	every	year	ftt	shearing	time
For some reason	explicable by	Lny other	implement	he has	over	I onco 18 usually sufficient. All sheep
winds and tides flowers	bloom in the	tried	I nnd lambs bought for feeding pur-
Scilly climate fully six	weeks before	After this, go over the	corn with a	pofscs should be dipped in the fall
even the most careful	nursing can	cultivator	having small	shovels.	Run	| before £°in£ into the fading pen
bring them out on the neighboring close to the corn and dig out mainland, and tho luxuriance of the	covcr up &I1 the weeds. The next
blooming is a marvel.	cultivation should not be quite so
Not so many years ago the Islands	deep an(i a uttle farther away from
accepted their climate and their flow- ^ corn
era as blessings of Providence and j should be still shallower, the idea had no idea of coining either into hard cash
trading vessel began taking a basketful of tho early violets, primroses daffodils and narcissuses over to tho mainland whenever he went, and selling them. They brought good prices and he increased the size of the bas-
er
as

FACTS ANI> FIGURES.
Taxes amounting to over £1,000,'000 are collected every week at Somerset House, London. .	,
The Paris Municipal' Council will shortly be asked to name a street after Richard Wagner.
The total number of medical practitioners in Great Britain and Ireland is 36,788, an increase of 404 within a year.
CC every three persons in Berlin, one lias a savings bank account, or, more accurately, ten of every twenty* lf seven.
Of all the bicycle factories in Germany, only six paid dividends last year. Fifteen largo factories arc on the point of going out of business.
Duelling among students at Jena has been forbidden by the Vice-Chancellor of the university, who has also broken up the college fencing club.
An international exhibition of motor boats and motor equipments for sailing vessels is to be held on Lake Wan nsec, near Berlin, in June.
It is said that the British Government is considering the desirability of establishing a Royal body guard of native Indian cavalry, to be quartered in London.
Twenty persons have taken out insurance policies on the life of a pauper inmate of Wolverhampton (England) Work House, who charges half a crown for the privilege.
Sixty-two miles an hour is to bo the average speed maintained by a new train to Win on the English service between Paris and Calais. The journey will only occupy three hours.
During the last twenty years tho consumption of eggs has enormously increased in Great Britain, and now represents annually an estimated sum of £13,000,000	£5,500.000 of
which go to foreign importers.
Any variety which
on
tei
Dipping at this time is very apt to wash considerable of the yolk out of the wool and give the fleece a very unattractive appearance, especially where they are to go on the market. It is also likely to cause a loss of weight in fattonihg sheep and to retard their progress for a ' time ewes are dipped there is danger of their losing their Iambs.
Dipping is the only practical way of successfully ridding the animals of ticks. It should bo done at shearing time and early in the fall if a se-
Whcre the
(To Be Continued.)
Scilly Islands to London.
of tho grout sai<* the artist. ¦
and "No," said Daisy, in a tone of the! Quiet conviction. “Years ago I often
Do not laugh at me.
or
now
and
But as time wore on, and Lord	I
Lisle began to find his greatest plea- Loino away from tho picture sure in sitting with Daisy, he him- will laugh at these ideas to-mor-
self was the first to mention thei ro,w/. ,	,	n ..
familiar names.	i>ld the dead ever speak ? Her
You talk to me of Italy," he said ; secret was known to no one Hv 1 ng. ono day to Daisy, "but never of ! Mould tho dead reveal it ? Would England. Tell mo something of! these pictured lips denounce her Queen's Lynne and your mother. and muko known her hidden crime ? Why do you avoid all mention of These thoughts rushed like avenging them ?"	furies through Rita s mind.
"I thought it pained you," she re- She was slightly reassured by Lord plied gently.	Lisle's calm, unsuspicious look. At
"Why should it ?" said Lord Lisle, length sho said :	Why, Daisy, that
with some wonder. "I hope some i» an old fashion of yours, thinking dav to see the place where my about dreams. You have startled
X CCJZ? "1° ~	*™!»F "T" T
"Rita must have been oversensi- perament, Daisy, ho said, gra\ely. live," thought Daisy ; and the sub-] "You must not indulge in such fan-
ject passed from her mind.	ci69/' .	________
Daisy cared little for the pretty, 1,10 (,UIlgrl ^as o\ei, and Rita coquettish countess ; Rita spent | breathed again. But Daisy could whole days together with her. She, not so easily forget the impression had no longer tho least fear ; she : made upon her mind 1 ho picture laughed at the foolish doubts . that came home, and was hung in the had disturbed her before Daisy came. | grand salon. She spent many horns
Her secret was safe; none knew it |	^tunThl^wondeHng
DAIRY WISDOM
The first great care in the management of the dairy is cleanliness.
If tho cows are kept in a filthy ,	,« ,	..	.	, , state the milk will certainly become
being to avoid breaking roots. In tainted and the taint will affect the most cases one treatment with the creaIn an(j butter
weeder and three cultivations are Tho milking should he done with sufficient. In other localities and ciean hands. Each milker should seasons four will be necessary. Corn wa8h and dry his hands before he should not 1)0 cut for the silo until begins to milk. 4*	f
the grains are well defined and the j The fingcv ' nails of thc mi|kers lower leaves dried and the entire should be cut clos0 Kvery milker plant fairly matured. The silage . should put on a clean milking suit, will be more satisfactory, being The milk should be carried immedi-sweetor than from corn cut ear her. atoly to the dairy and strained in There will be a larger amount of it. ^jle creamery cans or put through the
separator.
If a creamery is used the milk should stand twelve hours at a temperature of about 45 degrees.
The cream should then be taken from the milk and it should be ripe fa little sour) and ready » to churn in about twenty-four hours.
If it docs not ripen in twenty-four hours a little starter should be used. If allowed to stand longer it will become bitter and hard to churn.
If tho butter does not come properly. put a handful of salt in the churn.
The third cultivation
A steward on a little
kot
That was the beginning of tho Scilly flower trade. Two weeks ago It reached what is so far. its high-water mark. Fourteen tons of flowers were sent from the islands to tho London market in one week.
HOME CHEESE MAKING
Can home or dairy cheese making bo made to pay I It certainly can be under proper conditions, and if conducted by a person with some previous practical experience. The best place to acquire this experience is in a regular cheese factory, where one might work us a subordinate for a
think that one
PARSON V. LAWYER.
A case was being tried recently respecting thc soundness of a horse in which a clergyman, not educated in the school of Tattersall, appeared aa chief witness.
He was a bit confused in giving his evidence, and a blustering barrister, who examined him exclaimed:—
"Pray, sir, do you know thc difference between a horse and a cow?"
"I acknowledge my ignorance," replied the clergyman; "I hardly know the difference between a horse and a cow
that a bull. I am told, has horns, and a bully"—bowing to the counsellor—"has none."
DR. A. W. CHASE’S l)K
CATARRH CURE... ZUC.
It sent direct to the diseased prts by the Improved Blower. Heals the ulcers, clears the air
gMeesw, «tope dropping.
throat and permanently
in the cores
I do not
time
should attempt the business on a farm unless the milk of 20 or 25 cows can be depended on, writes Mr. Geo. E Newell. Makeshift facilities and apparatus should not receive recognition, i.a they will not pay in the end.
Many fastidious consumers prefer dairy made to factory choose, but on account of the limited amount manufactured, cannot get their wants supplied. Thus, the field is open for those who can furnish a first-class article in this now neglected line.
SllE§llSZSI:i
that cannot be final struggle. She resolved to win
himself Lord | him, come what might.
There was nothing Lord Lisle en-
Oil
The cream should be churned at about 55 degrees in summer, a little higher in winter.
The room in which the churning is done should be kept at an even temperature and not colder than at the temperature of the cream.
Tho churn should not be moved too rapidly as it injures thc grain of thc butter.
CURED THE SQUEAK
tween father speaks in a voice mistaken. Even j to
*
" is it anything nice, papa ?" ask- self, as free from affectation and as
wmmwmë
father and sister had no great charm	me a treat. Daisy,
0r WBlk 7" *• 4 %g %Z'("my favorHe smgs.
ilsilgSlI
»„r^:t.Kan0.t.hCr"j)a,Sy a”d Y0Ur" Wrd Lisle lisîen
1^* might qiHurel," aaid'RIU. 11er ,auric, and looked upon his
A gentleman going down the river on a steamer, tho engine of which was upon the deck, sauntered to see the working of the machinery. Near him stood a man apparently bent upon tho same object. In a few moments a squeaking noise was heard on the opposite side of the engine.
Seizing the oil can, a gigantic one, by tho way, the engineer sought out the dry spot and to prevent further noise of that kind liberally applied tho contents of the can to every joint.
All went on well for a while, when 1 he squeaking was heard Jn another direction
or a bull and a bully: only
——- — 4-	——
37 million tons of traffic is conveyed yearly on British canals._
Strong Nerves
Rich Blood
J
to Good Hcalth-Both Result From the Use of Dr. Chase’s
Nerve Food.
The oiling process was repeated and quiet restored: but as the engineer was coming quietly towards the spot occupied by the gentleman and the stranger, he heard another squeak. This time, however he detected the true cause of the difficulty. The stranger was a ventriloquist.
Walking straight up behind him, he seized the astonished Joker by the nape of the neck and emptied the contents of the oil can down his back.
"There 1" said he, *T don’t believe that old engine will squeak again
Are Necessary
"About one-fifth of all the blood used in the human body is sent direct to the brain, and out of this is
created the nerve force, which controls and regulates the action of the various organs.	,
When the blood gets thin and watery, as it usually does at this time of year, the nerves are hist tw suffer; they are starved and exhausted. Headache, dizzy spells, indigestion, weak action of the heart, languid, depressing feelings, weakness and functional derangements of the bodily organs are the result.
You can feel Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food doing you good day by day, as it strikes at the root of trouble and creates new, rich blood. You can prove that it builds up new tissues and adds flesh if you weigh
yourself each week
Mr. J. McFaul, carpenter, 315 Manning avenue, Toronto, states:—"I have Food for acute indigestion, nervousness and inability to sleep, and now, after a thorough test, I am pleased to say that my nervous system has been built up, and I rest and sleep well. I can speak very highly of this preparation, knowing it to possess curative properties which I have failed to find in other remedies.
Mrs. M. Colwell, 538 Ossington avenue, Toronto, states:—'T think Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food a splendid medicine. I iris very much run down in health, had dizzy spells, was quite nervous, and was troubled a great deal from Indigestion. The use of Dr. Chase's Nerve Food has greatly improved ray. health generally. My nerves are steadier, my digestion is good, and I have not been troubled with dizziness of late.
Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food is for the blood, as well as thc nerves. It cures each and every ailzneni suiting from thin, weak, watery blood. Its cures are -permanent, because It restores and revitalize# the waeV ed and depleted cells. 60 cts. a box, 0 boxes for $2.50, at all dealers, or Kdmansoiw l-ates 4 Co* Toronto*,
»RCÜ Dr. Chase’s Nerve
said Lor» Lifde.
• #
9 9
"I
am
"Are you trying to get hints how to propose to me or to some other girl?”
Thus it was that she pinned him down, ns it were, and brought him to the point.
"Look here,” she said
pictures hung. As cd to the sweet, ten-
wife’s
I 9



###PAGE###8###

pH
Gentlemen :
E. HODCINS « SON’S A DVT.
Do you find it difficult to get a Boot that will keep yo\ir feet dry ? If so try us for your next supply. We are prepared to give you an
Oil Dressed Boot for Oil Dressed Heavy soled Boot O Crain, Whole Stock Boot for 1.50
Ladies,
Try our Glove Grain Working Boot, solid leather
Our School Boots
For Boys and Girls are the best on the market.
}|AS ARRIVED !
Oar lnu Sré Stock is to,
Jlo Crumbling.
Everyone is pleased with It.
jlo picking.
WOes yen pi yonr Sail front as.
ALF. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
SPRING 1902*o«o
Boots
SI.OO.
1.25
Hats
Shirts
$1.00
• #
# «
»
Boots :
We have the best and cheapest lines of
Men’s and Women’s Feetware ever shown in Shawvilie
Our ladies’ laced dongola for S1.Q0 is a marvel of
beauty and cheapness. Our ladies’ dongola, both
. laced and buttoned, at $2.25 are equal to any $2.50
boots in the market to-day, We have a jim dandy
line of men’s and boys’ medium (coarse fine) at $1.00
and 90 cents, which are wonderful goods for the money.
THE SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,
M. STEWART.
The Barondale Veterinary tyedicines.
R. R. A. Meeting.
A l'UMueks meeting of the Radford Rifle A social ion, will be held at Radford
northern & western Tint g •
for the season s vuntit e, *nd ot ht t ht.M W	| A	vO #
n« *s in rmmection with f lie association.
All member*, and other* interested in the affair* of the association aie requested to attend without further notice
V
4


AND-
Young men want new goods, and in buying
your Spring Hats from ue you can be satisfied that they are new 1902 styles and make. Beautiful lines of fur goods at $1,00, $1.25 and $1.50.
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION l)rS.
Before Using
After Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
Animal* this seaaouof the year require someth inn to purify the Hood, remove IfTlDrOVOd FfiMTI TOI* SfilC.
have many testimoniale testifying to it* good result*. Once tried, ai way*used.	The	îmdsrsigned offer* for sale hear	“ “ arrive# Gract-field, Q.	2.30, P.M.
TfcWTiMONiAL.—About aw bad a case of heave* a** ever developed in a horn' developed	Fkrm, situated on the 12th range of Bris	Train No. 2 lea* e* G racefield,	6.*), A.M
sk toss "ni, ssss. MBSiyrtitieE	tut • -
Ukave Ccrk was recommended to me and 1 procured a bottle. I gave him only ***» over 1(0 of which are cleared and in I two doses, one in the evening and one in the morning, and after that J defied any * good elate of cultivation. On the pre ¦ person to detect the least defect in his breathing. As a proof of its good effect 1	mises are created two dwelling houses.,	. x, , ,	.
might say that thi« horse was afterwards sold to a Gipeey - the beat of judges of	two stables, l log l«ni, granary.	J nun -No* 1 ,eATe8 Ottawa, Out,	3.36 p.m.
horses-who after driving him considerably, on a warm day. failed U) see the least driving shed, in fact all necessary out “	“ arrives Waltham, Q.% K46 p m
K[P1 yf » defective » Lnd.	Your* truly, JOHN BVKKE, Ottawa. belldlug*. The fanu i* fairly well fenced. Train No. i! Waltham Q 700 a m.
*»•*“-	|SX“«ras*«»'r,i5srl - -
out stock, or implement#, a# desired.
For term* and further particulars apply
STEWART,
Captain.
Time Card.
0. N. * W. RAILWAY
#
Shirts :
We have the beet stock of Fancy Shirts in
town. The nicest and newest things in starched fronts and zephiys. Beautiful shirts at 50c., better for 75c., and our best for $1.00. All sizes from 14 to
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
m,.
0 Wears Bros , Bryson
Î. A 0. Housseau i, Campbells Bey ; J. I. CahHI i, Cehwnet Island ;
Wm. Woort i, Otter Lake ;
J. F. Crtwsu's, Ladysmith. Sites Ywmgi, Sterns Comers.
W. M. Lucas , Caldwe!!
The above train# are daily except Sunday.
For ticket* or other information apply to 31 Central < 'hauibera. Ottawa Agency & Messenger Co., 85 Spark* St, or C A R iicket Offre, Central Station.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
Cen. Fas». Agent-
U)
Drug Stars, ShewwWt ;
J. D. FIELDS. Rutledge P. 0., Que
E. HODGINS & SON
Thorald Hansen, the Dace, who murdered 8-year old E.i: Marcotte in West-mount last October, has been sentenced to hang on June 13th.
Clarendon No. 9—Grade TV .—Clarence ------------------ ------------------
Richardson 1, Hattie Workman 2, which led to the court-martial and ex Herby Elliott 3, Harriet Elliott 4. ecuticn of tw o A uet relia ns office s in South Cvrade 111.—Harold Kelly 1, Robert Africa, which iajoet now exiting keen Hazelton 2, Elliott Belsher 3, Nina indignation in Australia.
Relshcr 4. Grade II.—Henry Green The Morning Leader asserts that several shicJu^ 1, Harold Dagg 2, Clifford officers of this particular irregular cor;*#
3, Evelyn Hedging 4 Grade shot natives 1 ke rabbits and that they The rumor is revived that th Ottawa Lt iSr*TIje,Iï,uel	1, Archie are even suspected of murdering men of
Western and Northern Railway, includ- Jychardaon 2, Elwoou Workman 3, i their own command Against whom they ing the Gatineau and Pontiac division, is '	Hod gins 4. Pradel., Jr.- ' had grudges.
to change hands, and the prospective tijie ilanoa 1, Alice Elliott- 2, Ellin | The incident which led to their i court-purchasers are said to be the Webb H <igms absent 3, Ira Hanna absent 4. j martial was the co!d-b!o>ded “execution” syndicate or the Canadian Railway Com- I	**. Matheson Teacher, j by these officers of ten B>ers who' ware
pany.	-------------- journeying to Pietersburg with the
Mr. H. J. Becmer, of Montreal, head NeWS Of the War oh^{ of iurrenderiDt- It supposed
of the Ottawa Western and Northern	____ j that these Roers bad £20,(KK) with them.
Railway, was asked Friday about the I	Actuated by cupidity, the Australians
rumor. “I am not talking,” answered Another Heavy Engagement. «topped the Boers, tried them by mock
Mr. Becmer. “If we sell the railway we	---- I court-marl ill and oideiej all of them to I
will tell you." More than this Beeraei I CREAT valor «down bî Canadians I would not gay

HONG KEE,
What Beemer Saye About the Sale of the Railway.
CHINESE L4UJIDRY,
Selling Out I
Next door to Mint A McRae s,
Main Street, - Shawville-
laundry work of all kinds done in first class style.
NOTICE.
be ahot. Thfs was done by a squadron } hereby forbid any person from 1res
=£££!• tzrz I
that the conflict was of a pretty severe Goers then ransacked the Boers’ wagons	WILLIAM KEELER
character and that both aides lost heavily. *nd were discu-ted upon finding the £20, Bristol, March 14,1902.
The engagement took place at Hart’e j 000 waa in Transvaal paper money. The TR elementary	River, a few miles from where Délaiey | Morning Leader says further that a
sgssjs
mss iwmmmmmsBm
Fmdlay 6a	r,v* iD,South t1,ri«froni	-d	—-—
two squadrons of yeomanry under Colonel	total Canadians death*.	That a duplicate thereof has been de-
ffiggaffiMH«ML
Tredcau 3. Grade II, Primer.— wounded.	I	CANADIAN surruss.
Douglas McCredie, Percy Hughes 1,	--- ! Ottawa, April 3.—The following in a
Mikon Little 2, Bertie Thomas 3. British Troops Killed in Railwav I lum?ia7 of ordere in «ggregate quantities (irade I., Primer —1 oinmy Tredeau 1	Smash Up	^ j received from the War Office for supplies
F. W. H. Armstrong, Teacher.	_ from Canada for the troops in Suutb
mmimI
that after leaving Barberton, theengineer ea?V. U. £*no*V 8!!*? ®,ry\ 8,87° #e,U IV* u.8Hal 1h°ur’ and Phme of meeting’ the lost control of the train on the down crade	esdd,f8’ bndlee, etc, 975 blankets; cloth-	Municipal Council, will proceed to the
The engine jumped the rails, at a sharp	---—	Assemble/ of this Province, prepared by
curve, with five trucks filled with soldiers. Report has it that Steyn is still irrecon- biî?.and deposited in his office.
static
The engineer and the fireman were of the peculiar casva of the war. When j	6ec.-Tr<>u<urer
a * t . .	it broke out he waa president of the
Six of the injured soldiers have since Orange Free State, acd waa not intereeted ,	.
1 od.	in the esuse of quarrel between Great .	, n "f F'rie,Jropenil Grand M«s-
Ottawa. Ann! 2.—The Hawkesbury Britain and the Transvaal. British sub- ter ^ fhe 0ran<e 0rder throughout the Clarendon No. 4.—Grade IV.—Eva	r Company's mill* at tiawkeihory jecta in hie state had practically what | 7°, maF come f<> Ottawa this year and
McDowell 1, Laura Armstrong 2, Ger- have 8lArted for ,he e^on. This iIn ir fellows sought from its neighbor. $?? wf,lro1m6d. *7 me local Orangemen, tude McDowell 3, Lawrence Belsher 4,	" the earlieat opening for some yeara, and	Ho and his councillor* made the Trans-	4lhe Ut,ie. /'nnouncwl, will make a
Jessie Strutt 6. Grade	III.-Gordon | «weryrtbsni? points to a eucceatful sees >n	vaalers'imu* their own, however ; and	r“fv°f lh.e	Yv,oniee ^iog the
"""	aaLaiW w. «N» «n repairs our personal supsrrtslon
ACU.M BTCp^i,,	IZ'ZIttII	8-ianu.tee .tiafaction or ,our mone, bod,. Out
Hobbs 3 James Knox 4 Primer I - incidents which lid to c iürt martial ment 01 a7 have hu,e io «®»«on.	nlfL'ÏTJT*"	°f eVer7 10 Watches Spoiled 9 are Spoiled bf lOCOmpet*
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Co !
We Mean Business I
School Reports for March
SHAW VILLE ACADEMY
Public Notice.
ARMSTRONG BROS
L. M. BULMER, Teacher

•j
LADYSMITH.
HUGH MATHESON, See. Treasurer
Your
Public Notice.

Clarendon No 3.—Senior Grade III.— Mary Cox 1, Mary Pryse 2, Lawrence Morris 3, (219) Vivian Smiley 4.— Junior, Grade III.—Edna Stark and Loyd Fulford 1, Mary Young 2, Bella Young 3, Je in Stark 4.
Lorena Carmichael, Teacher.

Watch
Needs
Cleaning
*
n
u-
Clarendon No. 3—Grade II., Sr.—Jean Stark 1, Eunice Johncox 2, Pansy Pryse 3. Grade II.—Vertel Smiley 1, Daisy Fulford 2, Scottie Storie 3. Grade I.—Willie Olmstead 1, Norman Stark 2, Elsie Olmstead 3. Primary Class.—Percy Lynch 1, Guy Johnson 2, Claude Fulford 3, E Maitland 4.
Bertha M. G ran», Teacher.
one
killed
If it has not been cleaned inside of 18 Months.
WHYTE - THE WATCHMAKER - 8HAWVILLL


