###PAGE###1###
No. 10 —18th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, OCT. 4,	1000.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
Thu hrst. meeting for the year of the <)„ motion of Mr. K. Davie, aero,i, 1*1 Pontiaç Teacher*' Awwciatioii « ill be held by Mr. R. W. Ralph, a trial hallo, was ill Shawville on Saturday, Oct. 0th. j taken to ascertain the feeling of the
—.. ?------ nioeting wif li respect to the choice of can
Thu ballot resulted in bringing the convention the names of (i. II. A ploughing match under the auspice* j I'lH'inzon, Kdward Oruham, II. S. Dowd, of I'outiac Ag. Soc'y No. 1, will he held in Win. Duckett, Michael Hayes and Dr. R. a field owned by Mr. .1. !.. Shaw, inside ; H. Klock, hut was strongly ill favor of the
i£to*L:m£W.iK."iS£Mr"a »...........................
lHth.it hvlng Thanksgiving Day.	I was then moved hy Messrs. 0. 8
The following prizes will he oth-red :	McCool, John J. McRae, II
...i " s- *"""	'¦
BANK OF OTTAWA
>
BIG......
BARGAINS !
lleitl OflV'p : .. ..
Capital Hi beer Ibed Capital jffiid up . Hist .................
OTTAWA. CANADA.
..........#l.?i ......
......... 1,7 <1.OHO.
......... 1,403,310,
lid
Ploughing* Match.
OF CANADA.

re
l>vf

Hoard of Directors
- $6,000,000.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Chaules Magee, Esq., President. Geckoe Hay, ehq. .Vice-President.
How. Oro. IIrthow, JR.	John Mather, Esq..
Alkx. Fraskr. Ehq , David MacLaacn, Hhq.,
I» m Mi RI m , I y
I
Le
Head Office, - Montreal.
2 First-class Square
K Only (QOOK STOVES
I Lunnni
til l» whereas Mr. G. If. Rraba/.on has se cui'd "«» large a vote on the trial ballot 11" chosun as the nominee of this con
OEOnOF! nt'RN I). M. FIN SIB
General Manager .. . Manager

Irvion Class (under 25 years, wooden plough) 1st prize, a Frost 6c Woof I » Plough ; 2ml, £5.00 ; Mid, &M.m
Bran» h«* •
IN ONTARIO;
Keiwatm.
Kempt v lie,
Mattawa,
Ottawa, do Dank St do Kidnati St. Toronto, Vanklwk Hill, Minim a Falla
IN MANITOBA :
KIIAWHLLE ItllAM'll,
ll.»vs'(,'i.A*s (im,|«.rl7 yen. *) M, #4.m ; ' ' 'v ,.," mutest the coming election
2nd,*:U«U;Mnl. sl’.oo ;*ith, si.m.	the interest of the Liberal Conservâti\
Tli- Mo Arthur Plough oil l for first •’ *	, of f|“' county.—Carri -1 unani
prize in the Senior Class in given hy the "ion sly Sovietv and tin* Frost & Wood Plough offered for 1st prize in the Junior Class is given by the Frost & Wood Co., their agent, A. Smiley, Shaw \ ill».	.
Each »f Mi'1 w inn. i i - h St*riioi and * * ior classes will h<	lOttuw free the meeting having been communicated
of charge, to compete in the final match to him, he addressed the convention ‘ for the championship of the Ottawa Mis. trii t. which will he held on J. It, Month’s farm on LNt h Oetoher.
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
10 A.M.T 10 A M. TO 1 P.M,
F. A. PARKER. Manager
Lanark, Parry
'¦H
Hat Portage Renfrew
Alexandria,
Amprl'T,
Avomimre,
llrsf'Pbrldge,
Carlbton
4
hound
r..k.-,
with Extension. Must be sold at once to make room for other goods. See them quick. They are decided bargains........
Mr. lîmhazon, who at the time was attending ft meeting of the directors of the Xgiiculturnl Society at the Russell uuse, was sent for, and the result of
Pince,
Hawketbury,
tlirougli
Winnipeg
Dauphin
Portage Ln Prnlrie INQIFDKC;
Okkk k Horns .
HATVIUfAYM .	.
1*. M
Lirhutf
Hull
Montreal,
Aircuts in Canada, Nvw York and Chicago Dank of Montreal.
Agents lu ht. Paul Mendiant* Nat Punk, Agents lu London, Kng.—I'arr’a ll«uk Lt'd
m a
m ,t speech, first thanking the de égalés fui rli - great honor they had conferred mjium him. In accepting the nomination unanimously tendered him, he said he I was fully alive to the great responsibility's #,f the task before him; but when he looked before him and saw the faces uf so I many influential gentlemen from all section* of the county, he felt encouraged stired that the tight would not he m vain, lint to insure this result united ! action and vigorous work \ fished and hoped to
su
VINTON
Box Stoves
Church Services.
METHODIST CHURCH
PasToiis—fl<*v. W. Bowman Tucker, M.A., Pb. I). Rev. W. R. Johnston.
Skkvicrh every Hnhbnth at a.m ; 7, p ro, Sunday School at !» :(<», a. m.
Epworth League. Monday evening l.a.lies* Prayer Meeting, Tuesday J.rto, p.tn General Prayer Meeting. Friday, 7,30, p.m Everyone welcome.
News in this locality is somewhat meagre, but happiness generally reigns supremo, owing in put, if not in whole, to the very abundant harvest tlierniore tmmy will he glad to hear that the elders, n goodly number of whom are
grey-haired veterans, the relicts of pion- ; | eel days are both frisky and vigorous and UNDERTAKING	j take u lively interest in discussing mit-I dev
Cuthbortson,Graham & Elliott still side events, mrricularly in reading the \ .t
BESSESSS^ %% : 6
attention and charges moderate.	f him u dilemma Hut although those all
I ciders denounce the gospel of force, nev cvtheless from the tone of their cmiversa tiuii if they g««t the settlement of the laf
it for b
For heating. We sell GURNEY’S. None better. All sizes in stock....
Talking about Closing!!!
Xml fur-
iii
nt 8.0O
No, Indeed.
*nrv.
re n
v v
o every limn enter into the light at once and his whole energy to if till the las s polled. The tight would he l e, as he was confident all sorts of dd he brought to heal, and Hs iif promises would he made to sway the electors to support, the other side. I he electors knew what promises amounted to, and he trusted none would vied away by anything of that kind, ill-self he had no promises to make, but if In* had the honor to ho elected lie would pledge his word and honor, that whatever ability ho 'possessed would he d voted to t e best interests of the county ns a whole, lie understood promise# would he made that it a Liberal was returned for Pontiac they would secure a measure of relief from the bonus ; hut he
IT IS ^-OPENING
I"
.Hardware.
We are Talking: About.
THK.XVTVMX SESSION OF THE
Pontiac Business College
will open on—
Tuesday, September 4th, 1900,
For the study of Commercial Subjects, Shorthand, Typewriting, English. French, and other special studies.
S-jT Special attention to backward stu-1 inery dent "
Our Hardware department is now complete, ready for Fall trade. In Shelf Goods we are always ahead and prices made to meet any fair competition...............
lames
A first -class milliner at Mrs Met Todies.
Xu assortment of latest style pattern ter difficulty, they would
the almond-eyed celestial Hut it puzzles some t«» what may now he termed t! g<nenil election, }>••••].!.- ipp Copies of THE Equity containing the nidifieront as to the result <»t the imjiend-prize list, may he lnuFat this office on up* big content. 8ome contend ; hat indifference i- not the ( i ise "! thi' pr<«found silence, hut that people a e lying low for further developments.
!
Uti 1
I
hats now in stock at Miss Annie McRae s
mdvrstaivl that
f the
•Just arrived, a new stock of fall mill
Mrs. C. M C.v
uvc
As only a limited nmnlier of new stu dents rail he accommodated f«>r this svs aion, early application for entiance should ! plication
h<- made.
A postal will bring full particulars
Moccasins.
New Fall Hats, now on exhibition at Miss Annie Mel lav's, Shaw ville
i
I; Hns oh r may m ty not, other af Mr. Frank Gallagher, stock dealer of | fairs of local inteiest occupy their atten Rochester, N. V., was here last week I M"n, paramount among which the ap buying up sheep and calves.	! preaching celebrati n of the great feast of
...	,,	,	our Blesse t Lady of the Rosary, which
I he resignation of Rev. Geo ( ro.nbie, | wjl, takv pI<lce on Sunday, the 7th ofOc-
of F.,rt ('.allonge, was accepted by the ! to|)er> Solemn High Ma*s will he celu-Ottawa Presbytery at its quarterly aes- hrated at RJ o’clock a. in., at which the = | mon on Sept. 18th.	Rev. Fathei Sloan, of Fallowtield, will
The members of Court Shawville, I. O. preach. The choir of Vinton is making
F., will hold their annual church parade | due preparations for th
There will be t gran l c<mcert in Vin ton on Tuesday evening, the thli of < )cto her, in which the ablest talent from < it
was of opinion that if there was any ; sibility of such a tiling, the electors could expect more from the Conservative ! party in that behalf than from the Liberals. He knew for a certainty that had it not been for the sudden death of Sir John Macdonald the county would have secured a measure of relief, as that much lamented statesm n had a plan in view N» relieve the county when he wat stricken down. The speaker referred to the enthusiastic manner in which the country everywhere was receiving Sir Charles Tapper and Hon. Hugh John Macdonald, the worthy son of the deceased and venerated chieftain of the Conservative party, and expressed the firm Ixdief Jim they would be triumphant at the polls when the elec i ma weie held. The speaker also alluded to the loss the Conservative party had sustained by the withdrawal from politics of Mr. PoU-pore, whom a 1 recognized as a very able man.
IOS
Auwuss
We have just received a large consignment of Beef and Oil Tan Moccasins—long and short, for men and boys. Quality the finest and prices right.
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE,
Bryson, - Que.
LOCAL news.
HMlOll
J. H. SHAW
on Sunday next to the Masonic hull (Presbyterian) service.
Special Prices in Photos.
For the next two week* I will make a special reduction in photos of all sizes. All work guaranted.	H. Lmisox.
Mr. Fbos. Prendergast was in town for i ^wa wjH participate in conjunction with the first time since his protracted dlnoss our local inusical celebrities. All is un-
\\ ednesday last, and his <lvr the ablo management of the lb v. all rejoiced to see him once j Father F errer i, who will spare no pains
j to make it a complete success. At the Found, hy Mr. Roht. Smart, on the | close of the concert the Rev. Father road between Shawville and Starke’s j Sloan will deliver a lecture descriptive of
set ni, “il
Mrs. Baxter, of I)es»rt, is visiting at | friends Mrs. It. Woodley's
were
more
For Organ#, Piano# and Sewing Ma chines, see A. Howard at Pontiac House
A number of counterfeit ten dollar Mils I Corner#, on Thursday, Sept 13th, a roll 1 his recent tour in Europe. As the rev of the Mol son's Bank, are in circulation. | of Hour oil cb th. The owner may have | erend gentleman is an able speaker, be
the same by calling at this office
sides a profound scholar, his lecture in
er Don't forget to take n.lvantagv of I Mrs Oirswell, widow of the late Thotd f6. the countries traversed and
Jm»»
The annual meeting of the S. S. Instl I Mf Fre(1 x Dnvis, one of Quyon’a I	--—	platform, After conyra'ulatmg the can-
g-jitETS® a S=*S	Conservative Convention
„K5liS;')7K"cS“l3idr;' w! trÿjïiâï	o. H. Brobaioe Chosen to «	i““J" www »»
Contest the County on
—, Tuesday, Oct. 16th.	first Ballot.	been pulled into. In the present in
Messrs. G. F. Hodgins and A. Smiley, of | Box Social.—A box social under the	_ stance he would be in the fight and it
tow n, E. Graham, of Elmside, and G. H. auspices of Wild Rose Lodge I. (> CL T., , ^ Representative and Harmon- would retjuire a good deal to pull him out Brabuzon, Portage du Fort, were among No. 173, will bo held in the town hall,	r	..	of it. Hu spoke of the sins of the present
those who attended the ( hapeau fair last Maple Ridge, on Friday evening, Oct. 12,	10US Meetin^‘	administration in scathing terms, and
Tuesday, from this section.	commencing at 8, p. in. All are cordially	looked forward to a be't.-r condition of
e-aSBzsr..........................
Three carpenters -Messrs. R. G. Elliott. Forty-two men for Gillies' Bros. Coul- sjon ()f the county, met here, according to	C. 'ar ü* TuPper an ,
'sæslggggszas: 11SÉ1S
¦ -‘iSBMSSZnvÈëlgES^îÿÂIl^^SsS
n. Mr. The. w, ill I «Æfei !!” r.ssfiss SXÏÏNT
Mr. A. Grant, who was cal ltd on for a speech, displayed his witty side, and at the same time the shrewdness characteristic cf his race by pointing out that ballots more deadly than bullets, and the way to vanquish the Grits was to pepper them with ballots. Ho instanced the ad-v ce of the German emperor to his troops departing for China, to 11 take no prison- j ers,” which meant that they were to kill ; them all, and this advice he commended to his friends in dealing with the Grits.
Mr. Grant also drew attention to the ] signs of the times, to show that popular
favor was running with Sir Charles Tup- j pcated calls, made a few remark# express per and Hugh John, as indicated by the ! ive of his satisfaction with the Domina enthusiastic receptions they had every- tion, and cave it as his opinion that Mr. where met with. In 18% it was differ j Brabazon's chances of election were good, ent, Sir Charles Tapper on that occasion j if his friends turned out and worked as in many places not being able to get a ; they should.
hearing. The great change since then After some remarks of a general char-showed clearly which way the wind was j acter Mr. Brabazm proposed a vote of blowing, and he looked forward with hope ( thanks to the chairman and secretary of to a great Conservative victory.— | the meeting, which was carried with a (Cheers )	! round of applause, after which Mr. Coyne
Mr. Thos. Dale, called on, said he made ! proposed cheers for the candidate, Sir no pretensions to public speaking, but he Charles Tapper and Hugh John Mac would say that Thorne would be heard donald and Her Majesty the Queen, each from with no uncertain sound when poll- of which was heartily responded to. ing day arrived.	The proceedings then closed with a
Mr. Frank Murtagh, in response to re motion to adjourn.
Look out for them
PIANOS
Mr. Brabizm’d remarks were well received and he was heartily applauded on resuming his seat.
i
The 0. W. KARN COMPANY, Limited,
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA,
Opposite Blythe’s New Store.
on
We have several good Square Pianos and we want to sell them quickly. Our new stock is coming along now, and we need the room. When in the city, come in and make us an offer.
\
some
residence, Court street.
The Ladies of St. Paul's church will hold ft social on Wednesday next, Oct.
10th, in Hodgins' hall. Good program and | gang refreshments. Admissson, children under 7.10 cents.	i
LIME.—Mr. Roht. Storey, of Clarendon morning,
Front, desires to state that his new Draw Klh. is now in operation, and that lie is When Mr. Tlios. Frendergailt took ill I T""? T" ' vv,‘ “• TZTLZ Z prepared to supply first-class lime to all some month# ago, his memory l>ecame Positions of chaiimm mid svUv ,u>» H who require the same stall time*.
Mr. D. Ross, of Ladysmith, returned bination of his safe-lock, which was c] from his trip to the Northwest Territories et] at the time. ""
Do you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.
)

E5:h„“,tïïï5.tk^3“ï: f KE>” - c“*s-
from his trip to the Northwest Territories I ed at the time. The safe remained Michael I)mm, Chichester, last week, and we understand has select- Loosed until a week or two ago, when J. J. McRae, li. N. Lackie, Allumette Is ed a location about 80 miles south of Ed- Mr. Arthur Gravelle, of the Renfrew | land, m on ton, with the object of removing Journal, was asked to come over and try a l A. S. Maloney, (.
,	... ™	,	* j . m , w. Lafrenmer, Mansfield.
LOST, on evening of Exhibition day, quested, and after a trial of about 20 j Ed. Davis, Fort Coulonge.
between Alex Wilson’s yard, Shawville, minutes, the mysterious mechanism of h. Lemaire, Calumet Island.
and Jas. Robinson s hill, a chain about the lock yielded to his magic touch. A Peter Luimm, F. Murtagh, Litchfield.
12 feet long, on one end of which is a handy man indeed is Br. Gravelle.	Th’w Dale ftonie.011'
grab hook and on the other a circular	------t----	R. W. Rajph, Tho#. McFarlane, R Me
ring ; the chain is email-sized and contains	. Directors Meeting.	Janet, Roht. Smart, Clarendon,
several large links. IibWmation that	___ Roht. Hobbs, Shawville.
y arm	der, seconded by Thos. McDowell, and car- ,	(Jiivon
/¦ -svssuf ÏTST %± aHSSEES «« fear- t
made bread, (a class with over 15 entries) to our long list of special prizes.	Letters were read from t he execute e
five out of the six prizes awarded, viz., The following prize# were cancelled, committee men of Aid field, Alleyn &
a result establishing the fact that the son being that Mr. Brownlee showed a and expressive of their readiness to eu Company are turning out a grade of flour mixed herd of pure breeds, which the di- dorse the choice of the convention.
r Sf xr SSEES^rea Ira s sssZtj:
late themselves on having so success! u 111 led for not conforming with the rules of enterprise in the community
See our Mr. J. R HORNER, Shawville. He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
\
were
hand at it. Our confrere came as re
there next spring
C
Farm to Let.

The undersigned offers to let for a term of years his Farm, situated on the 7th range of Clarendon, two miles from Shaw ville railway station. The farm contains 2U0 acres and is in good condition with all necessary machinery in good working or-Preraiaee will be leased with without stock as desired. For terms and all other information apply to
JOHN M. HODGINS,
Shawville
ago

emis



der
or

sembled and proceeded to the main work of the session.
the Society.
an



\


i*
1
###PAGE###2###





In,R how rouvh you wttre a gainer by hi» tan fM
a* they would not ordinarily commit, ten and the next day he smoked only The many report* of the uae of hyp- one. Thin warn his last, he amok*! not ism for such purposes are almost that one on Mnmh 27. lie says that entirely untrue. The limit of hypno- he ham no desire to taku xifp amok in# tlam seems to be bounded by the moral again. It warn simply the craving for sense of the subject. A man should cigarettes which troubled the hoy. I|e a I s*> be careful about applying hyp- did hU best to slop smoking, but his notiam and it should he used as an will power had been shattered.
MORAL USE OF HYPNOTISM
\
“ A gainer !M *he cried, "to eat the bread of dependence In your mot bar's housev Do you think that In gain I" "It u iit lni.it batter thin being a factory girl, which you would have replied Lidhmar. *'Idare say he wore I been In all p hlllty had your fa-wonkfi lnd been done, a shabby ooat in the factory and went | thv«r lived." insiste 1 i li it he eh vul l see the ah>ut .1 nvr • ihe men hindling cmnks work men's houses, for wh oh privilege htrs. Muloibar was particularly
' l v afees myself a very stupid per- v ,n v different world, of looking I —that h * perished In the attempt i
mn uh	machinery us in qm-s. d.Mvn at thorn from an immense a Iti- | nave your life,
'i m," sh '• K I : l
UNREQUITED LOVE
THE REV. MR. CUTTEN’S IXPERI-MENTS IN REFORMING MEN

Kxiffrlmruin with llypnellem at* <’nrf fur UrunkmifM, ih«* llerpliler ¦ ml < Ignrellr Smoking*
CHAP I E!v XVII —Continued After the
anaesthetic is used and just am cau-The Iter. George B. Cullen, of l he liously and guardedly. I. for example,
would not hypnotise à person unices
there were responsible witnesses pre-
(
'Had he lived 1
Do you know for
FLASHES OF PUN
«ni not afraid of graaiin • his hands. | oortaln that he is dead f“
'[ know* a.a everybody else knows
Yale 'Varsity, has become a firm be Never In hypnotism as a cure for in ebriety, the morphine habit, cigarette sent, answered Li < r, smoking and many of the other ills
l>ut the dwellings! of tudtx Tint's what they don't Hike." |	forgetting everything but hi» head-	that flesh is heir to. Cut ten is the	mal magnetism,	as applied to	hypno
"1 shall never go near them again," j	h>ng anger ; and I know that my	first minister who has become a scien-	t ism
^ ¦ i i Clarioa. •*They may be very sure |	brotûiBr, w b > was w.n-t h a dozen dem-	; fie believer la hypnotism
of that."	I	wgyvgmvs risked hit* life to save a	one of the first men, in this country j	largely due	to	personal not	animal | she quits
It was between, six and seven when ;	eh 11 wha®6 face he had never seen,	to practise hypnotism as a cure for	magnetism.	One teacher, for	exam
Lady Ca r mi now ami h»r companions	You hive* good need	to be grateful to	the diseases	enumerated above.	Al	pie, tells a boy in school to do a cer-1	saw-about "When in	Home V 11 He,	who
returned to the e.tstle. Afternoon	bim." ,	though Cutten has been working	on	tain thing and the boy does not do	has	traveled—When	in Rooms	do	the
t<vi was over anl Up »-h niters had 1Mld r she ,alteared; "y**1* br< th*	this subject	for two years and	has	it. Another teacher tells the snme|	Romans, or they’ll	do you.”
retired to the bilh-rooia* and dress-	Ar toM rup tblt ba	blji ®one BWa* ' been giving	hypnotic treatment	for	boy to do something and he does it
lag-room* Lash mar wemt to the to a distant country. Ind thorn I
" They may the wife of Li Hum*
Most of
You h ive the air of com tut from a
eager
dung has 1,000 gowns
Personally 1 do not Iwdieve in nni-1 them tea gowns, of course 11
" What an energetic reformer Mis#
th • p va* arc nxy delight tfc«r of t he Dulo Society, and 1 t h nk I h ve mule many a humble horn* hip P.v by the intpoJnotion of an arti-tic
This is, of course, the common | Hank is!" " She isn't n reformer \ He is ulso theory. The secret of hypnotism Is «ho just starts reforms and than
I nut a me in

Adapted —She—"Whst Is that old
wail puparing ant a *age green tie If jar hwe aul th?ie on a braake itltx ays makfxs me sad to think of t h-
Diiny who hive to live without da il < k\s. ’ '
It
Foreman—" De telegraph page is all
| upward of a year, he has kept the Hypnotism is not the power of aj pied I" Editor—Never mind; run it as matter a secret. He h is not done this stronger mitul over a weaker mind. H is, and I'll label it the only orignal because	ho feared to	have it known	This	is	also a common fallacy.	1 he	Chine#® dispatch, translation	to fiol-
that	he	was practising	hypnotism, but	P|,*T	( bis is the fact that	you	low to-morrow.'"
because he believed that it would be cannot hypnotise an idiot. XX hy l He-	M( Jigger—" 1 never met any one so
aiul now	you	toll	me he	was	kilbd the	wise	t<>	wait until he	h;1(, effeeted a	cause	the power of suggestion is	lost	fnM3 from conceal	as Meekton."
mdV	of	the	fire—killed	in	trying to	,ong	Mrip, of 0uree	before making	as the	patient Inis no mind to	re |	Thingumbob—" Modest	is he t"	McJ
mv" ms! Oh, it vva# cruel, lafam-1 ftny announcement regarding his ceive it
wor k
thought that fate had still been again,nt him. and that ho was waiting ftxr the tile to turn, waiting to be rich on,nigh to send for his only eh:Id;
"I m afraid our Brunira pxiph ui l laugh at ths Dado Society,'
• ns wo red Claritu Ikle i of. beauty.
vvl ing objects in their roonu—artificial flowtirs un, 1er glaxs shades, bead mit», ervehet anti-iutcassars, thugs that auk* one's blood run cold "
* Ptxer thing»!" sigh i Mrs. Mulcit»-"The day will v >m* when the influence of the Dado Society will per-Bcucite this outer darkness, l h
I he workmen's houses formed two
»ix,cj,.us quad-,angles, «awning one ^ „ m,|B wa, ott in earnest ron
Into the other through an archway. .creation. The woman, black rob-
UkH a college. They had been hu it ; ^age headed, tall and straight, and by Mr. D.inebrootk, and were of a
•ruvible height, <mly three stories,
wii.h b.ile.>nit\s to all the loom**, and a
c< lonnade under which the ch 1 Iren
library, intending to enjoy a quiet

h tlf hour with the new*pipars lxi-
I bey have no fo;xx he dressvd You see t be movt re
I ho room w.ia only i trhte.l by the burning logs in one of (he two fire-pi c. «s with n single lamp on a reading fable
drawn, and as Lash mar crossed the room towards th*. lamplight he saw two dark figures picing slowly past the windows.
He ojHined a easement and looked A man and woman were stand-
's-
gor—'"Well, hh admits that he is the
lhe curtains had not been
mu, to deceive me ho," aha orie l passionately.
"It was your benefactor, tho man
There ip
average man."
NEVER ANY DANGER
Cut ten became a hypnotist through
.	.the tttidj *»f psyi h«>logy al Ysle. 1 ! f from hypnotic sleep. A patient will nes dey deer ryes credit Mi bein'
^ j ( ^	„att	6	*r	'0U*	: is now 28 years old. in lhM he giudu-, pavs <*at of it in ten hours if the c*,ntentod In spite o' poverty, when
! a ted from Acadia College in Nova Sw- operator is unable to bring him out (jc rell| t ro\Hf is dal dey'd rainer loaf tia. The following fall he went to | of it. 1 he great danger, to my mind, dan work an1 earn money."
I Yale to *»tudy theology
years in the divinity school Cut ten subject, or to plane some great strain 0itv nephew’s business ?” Funner Onpp began to study for the degree of doc- u|h>ji a person who is hypnotised. The 'Why, ho jdays gulf most of the tor of philosophy. While studying un- man who says that be can teach hyp
| der Prof. George T. Ladd, who is one not ism for 85, should be prohibited ajn*t a business—it's n disease." of the leading psyc hologists, Cut ten from practising hypnotism by the laws Farmer—" Come now, honor bright, became interested in hypnotism. Psy- of the land. Hypnotism, as I believe do yo|1 believe in the faith cure?" ohology deals a great deal with hyp- in it, is nothing inure Hi m suggestive Granger—" Believe in it ? I should say not ism from a scientific point of r jew. therapeutics. The gift of hypnotism [ do j have an aunt wl It was in this way that Cut ten became fe inherent in th.1 individual
" Some folks," said Uncle Ebon. "im
Br
j M\cs, but when he was gone why ' was I not toll the truth then? You hive let in' g> on yeir after year, feeling on a false hoi*, dreiming a mocking dream."
j "It was an oversight on my mother's part and on mine," said Lashmnr; 'wrought to have told you the truth. We did wrong In not telling you. However, you hive been in somewbe a gainor, as y<>ur pathetic case has m ido a profound impression upon MV. N ’.storius; and that last touch of ,	. - . _i « i •	,	pt tli «.Sh-your belief in your fath-r's
. IU .l‘l l ^ ot.t rung kH'P. [ [s(once many years after bis death for an Instant a. h.« feet, and ela.H _hHS quile ,ubdued him>.
and kiNoed his hind with qnick, pus-hitmite ge dures, then r>sa as quickly as she hid knell, and rushed away to the other end of the terrace.
out
After two of hypnotism, is to terrify a hypnotic
Farmer Horn beak. — " What's your
editn, was Stella us.
He was bending to sp-ik to her, ] until it tk‘«‘tu ‘.1 to Lishm ir tint his
I'he min was Nva
time." Fanner Homb^ak—*' Huh I Tbut
o uld run ab.iut in wot weather. The: e wore baths an. 1 mcxleo*n acvonnuo t nions and iwpvove-
lips must aim «t touch bar hair. His hand was oui ho* shoulier, as if bo ba<l been pleading or arguing with inttxnsest meaning.
Suddenly Stella releisel herself
r hhouses, and all
gets five
r#
It Ls
¦	dollars a visit and is making loudi
impressed with the great possibilities personal magnetism. My experiments I ^ money."
of hypnotism. When he came to np- have been aimed at moral and not ply hypnotism to theology he perceiv- physical restoration in the patient, ed a field abend of him. and in the There is nothing alx>ut hypnotism ardor of his youth he plunged into that any man : hould be ashamed of,
l he architecture was utilitarian and Mibtitantial. frankly ugly from garret to lu.se-uu\nt; but t ho room «% w ere all light a ni aii. y, Lha passa gey and staircases were wile nul well ventilated.
They went into two or three different sittLug-room,-*, Lishiuer feeling tiiuis.df .in intruder, Mrs. Mul i.ur in hts: glory; Clarice, calm and queenly, entering and leaving without apology, here and there telling in.Mhctr thit her children were not a credit to her in those dirty pinafores, où scornfully informing a huu>*w ifa that bear floor did not look as if it had been scrubbed for u month.
"\ou have nice room.%, if you would only learn to keep them nice," she Bitii to one woman.
Wage* are too low an 1 victuals too dour for us to hive mu. h heart fur fiiuiicking ov<u* the roomV replied the matron w it h a sulky air, bending down to stir t h,s lire w ith her bicik to thiv visitors, aril than lifting the lid of a saucepan which sent forth a hot blast of onions aud grease.
Mrs. MulciUer tried to UL-inuate a
It w as
No Good For n Frost.—" When I told
her I had something laid by for • rainy day, I thought I would win
...	her."	"	And	you	didn’t	Î" "	No	; what
thiw	fit*Id•	X\	httii	ho ceitio to write	I	i*tfcn!iz,s thnt luitenuse 1	inu u minister j ^ ^	lalcl	by	for	ruin	was	no	protection
his thesis	for	his	doctor's degree at	1	shall	be criticised, but	I do not mind
Yale,	he chose	the	subject, " The Psy-	that.	In fact, I do not	know how my
chology of Inebriates."	own congregation will take it, now
"Mr. Ntxstorius h is been very good to me and I am deeply grateful to him; but if y >u think that I have
schemed to win his regard----"
"1 do think i h it you have so schemed and that you have gone very near winning your game— not quite, per-hapsr—but your last move was admirable a ni I anticipate the pleasure of congratulating you upon your promotion before Nest onus leaves the oa»t 1b."
"Is that <i 11 you have to# say to me, Lord Liahmnr Î"
"Ye*, that Is all, until I offer you my c-ongratulations."
"1 think you for your kindness and oomntloratLon. It Is almost equaf to that with which you sent mo out of the* library seven years ago."
"Oh, you were a chili then, and I am sorry to say you worm a very un-m mnorly child. I hope you do not harbor resentment after all these years, because I was a little !^>pgh with you th it afternoon."
from frost."
Trayder—" Yes, sir; honesty Is the
best pol—" Ih yer—" Say I I never
! While at work preparing his thesis that the story is out."	j know enybody lhat quoted that old
t utten, more by accident than any- J<> show his methods of conducting | problem as much as you do."—Trayder thuig else, discovered that he possess- experiment ^ Mr. Cut ten operated upon ed hypnotic powers in an unusual de
"His she gone su bien I y out of her wiis t ho askol himself angrily. "Has Nos tori us infected her with lunacy, ‘l j or iri .sJia pi lying a deep game i Yes, t.h 11 is it, n * doubt h<- »k our enthusiast.
Well, 1 know that honesty pays,
Daniel Foley, 31 y xirs old, who earn# I that's all." Boyer—"You’ve tried both, give. He develop'd this power under to one of the charitable institutions j £ R-uppohe." the direction of professors at Yale, of the city six weeks ago after a and according to scientific methods
Sh> means to He is more im-
prw&si>nable than Ulysses, and she is ¦ v if! y is V 11 \ women with lowered eyelids are always sly."
Ho went out into
Mr Jigger—"I see Mr. Barnpaws, the
spree which had lasted a month. Foley I circus man, was married the other
I'hoae silent
lie did not practise his power rashly had drUiik hard since ho was 23, and .day. That was something of aoorne at first, but experimented gradually,	appeared to he a hopeless victim	of	down for him."	Thinumbob—"Why
uuiten has always, since ho has been j	alcoholism, when Mr. Cut ten took	go p* Me Jigger—"	The wedding was
at Y ale, done fho work of shout three	charge of him. Mr. t 'ut ten begin	by |	nothing hut a one-ring performance."
men. ÎNVhde he was in the Divinity	putting Foley under the influence	of
School studying theology he occupied a parish in the suburbs of New Haven
I
tha gloaming. Autumnal mists we.re rising all over the pink
I
He si w h:‘r standing aloiux at the end of the terrace, above that tennis lawn where he
" l suppose you have taken cafe t<J hypnotism. He then gave him a lec-1 keep in touch with the public men of turn on the evil effects of drink, and the time f" said the friend. "Yes," an*
and
Clarice had pi lyed so often in days gone by to t he house
on Sunday and on week days played football for Yale. Incidentally, he did a great deal of work in the slums,and it was while working in the slums that Cut ten decided to try to
CURE INEBRIATES BY HYPNOTISM of being made to drink again. Mr. I slang or not."
tobacco, and told Foley that he could- s we red Senator Sorghum; "although n't drink a glass of liquor tbit was I must say I don’t like your way of in his hand. Foley tried to lift an putting it." Whenever any une says imaginary glass to his lips and fail- 'touch* now-days, you have to think ed. He was agitated at the thought twice to decide whether he's talking
,
Nestor lus h ul gone back
II' c »ul I not command h U temper, that w hit© hot fire in his breast must nœds hive some relief. Silence, calm-m**s, wore alike impossible, * Ho walked quickly to the sp>t where Ste.lli was standing, hi placed himself by her side, but was not able to see h“r face, which was turned fi
eng gestion of a bracket, or of the won leaf ul d idoLst ic effect that might be produced w ith a little distemper.
\ vttr hu .hind could do it himself, my dear »>ul, don't you know,” murmured the l idy
w hi ©wash arid .1 little red
Ho soon found a wide	field for the	C'utten talked half an	hour to	his	Produced Weariness—"	I	don't	see
l	application of hypnotism	in the homes	subject on the horrors	of drink	and	any	sense	in	these	collecting	fads,"
Foley came to his said Mr. Wooph, " Nor I,” agreed Mr.
Gooph, " Why, some of these fellows "1 feel wry much rested. I could- seem to m ike a regular passion of It.
They make me.tired !” And he gazed oit of the window, and glared at t hi
brother'» death <lul nvt c,irp how they \\ <-i e cured, down my throat. 1 {»¦«•! like a new| rent-collector, who had just left.
I despise you They were ready and willing subjects, man under Mr. Cullen's treatment
|	Cut ten began gradually	at first and	and shall go back to my	house and	my
That is rather	bas now rolled up a long	list of cases,	job in a few days."
The application of hypnotism to in- Mr. Cutlen has kept an accurate "I know of no words strong enough ebriates, is, of course, not new. But record of the cases, which be has to exp.wsH what I feel, when I re- has remained for CuHen to use treated. His record of Foley says that | then anybody vise's kid." And then member how you h ive treated	me—	hypnotism in Christian work, and to	the	man his used tobacco mine© 21	two stalwart minions of the	law grab-
w hen I compare you and your	bro- : advocate	it as something that every	years old, and that he warn taken by	bed the defendant and held	him fast,
minister	might practise to good ad-	Mr.	Out ten for treatment on July 9.	while his gray-haired judge	made out
"Ah, thdiro is a difference, is	there	vantage	in saving fallen humanity.	He	was put to sleep for the first	his commitment to the asylum.
"I do not harbor resentment
do not care enough about you to re-	°* ,lle charitable institutions of the	then awoke him
sent your conduct to me in anyth ng	c*ty. In these institutions he found	senses and said
—no, not even your cruelty in trying	plputy of men and boys who were iagio étranglé every ambitious thought	er to he cured of the habits of drink	n't take a drop of	liquor	if	my	life
of my mind, every hop.» and every	or cigarettes or morphine. These men	depended on it.	J	couldn't	force	it
dream when your mad© my life desolate too muoh to be resentful."
un
J Hit a pail of him
"Well
he began, in his harshest "My husband would chuck the wict\ "you hive taken the measure of whitewash over my *ed if 1 was to
our statesman, Mi s Bold wood, lie is
" He admitted to me—" th > unimpeachable witness sj>oke with an evident reluctance, which made bis teei-imony all the more convincing, "that liis 3-year-old son was no brighter
Msi him any such rubbish, ?i the matron fiercely.
a man peculiarly susceptible to flat-Ue don't t©ry, ©spedilly a woman's flattery, ivaut no dadoes here ; we want higher and yooir little bit of melodrama just wage© and leas humbugging. Ban us- now must ha ve delighted him." in d, and •aewitie»; we’ve got too
mswer-
"You despls© me strong."
She turn© l quickly and faced him, i while as tie 11 b as it seemed to him, in that diin light. Her face gleamed up>n him like the face of a ghost. The large dark eyes, wet wiih tears, alone had a look of life.
long to wait for tbi bonuses and we
nh ill all bn dead and rotten before Lh© 'newitie* falls doo."
Clarice felt that the atmosphere was uncongenial; that her father's system, which had answered admirably w nil 3 he was there to ad mini-ter things was not working smoothly just now,.
1 he place is stifling 1" she exclaimed
much too hot. 1 suppose that is be-lause you get coals far nothing."
"We'd need to get something for loibing w h©n our huhmis and sons are earing their fle>h off their nones to make other peoples fortunes," grumbled the matron as the visitors departed.
Lady Ca r mi now went back to her carriage deeply disgusted with the want of loyalty in her people had gone over the sarn-j grounds w ith I party of friends a year ago and had been received as a queen, the children bringing her a boquet, the women curtseying and smiling, dazzled by her beauty un/i splendid raiment, the men deferential, eager to wait upon her footsteps and answer her questions..
The chi age w»s appalling and might presage gome hitherto unimag iiwl evil.
“The working clashes are becoming detectable," she said as she leant buck in her carriage, exhausted and
tbeuV
not? But Hubert was	cast	In	a	d	if-	Cut ten believes that hypnotism is the	time, in four minutes, which is an unite ought to h ive	been	, greatest known cure for nervous ilia-	usual record for a patient in such a
eases and that it can be effectively	shattered condition. After the first
used on an athlete whose nerves have	day's treatment, Foley had no long-
been overtaxed, and who, in couse-	ing for tobacco and after two days
No one who he had none for drink.
"Were y<vu listening and watching | („rent mould us fr »m some corner, Lord Lishmur?" she asked, contempt mm ly. *
The tea used in the immeditae household of the Emperor of China is treated with the utmost care. It is raised in a garden surrounded by a wall, se that neither man nor heist can get anywhere near the plants. At the time (if lb© harvest those collecting three leaves must abstain from eut-
a woman. I am a man."
"I would not boast of that if I
"I was neither listening nor watching; but I went to that window yonder to see who was promenading the terrace, and was just in time to see you fling yourself at our statesman's feet and kiss his hind
was# you, just after you have been,
unmanly enough to insult a friend- quence» bas £v>ne sta*e
knows Cutten will regard his use of
You all keep your rooms
John Ma I ley. a seventeen-year-old
Ions girl."
"Friendless 1 What 1 when you i have Ne at or ius as your friend, your
hypnotism as the flighty experiment boy, w ho was trying to stop smoking of a young man. Ho is intelligent, between thirty to thirty-five cigar-1 if you i quiet,^modest and conservative. He said ettes a day, was treated by Mr. Out-I ing fifh, that their breith may not
!
It
adorer, your futurs httaba
play out your gam,» as well as you to-day that he had read between sev- ten. The second day after the treat- epoil the aroma of the tea; they must
enty and eighty books on the subject ment began he was able to get along bathe three times a day, and, in ad-of hypnotism. He added that he had with only twenty, the t bird with only 1 diticn, must wear glove», read almost as many more books on
IO
was very prettily done, and I have lit-1" doubt thtt it w 11 hive the defied effect."
"Indeed
have begun it ?
friend leanness, without friends."
She turned from him and walked
Da not talk about Calypso is never
Pray what effect do you suppose I wish it to have?"
"My dear Misa Hold wood, when a young lady throws horself at a gentleman ’s feet the obvious conclusion Is that sha wants to bring him to heirs.
a denouement that hangs fire. And In the case of a young lady whost attractions are much greater than her fortune, and a wealthy widower, impressionable but wavering, one can conceive no better coup de main than tihat with which you have jusit surprised our friend Nestorius."
"You think that I want to catch Mr. Nestorius as a husband ?"
"What else can I think, having seen what I saw just now ?"
"You arc very quick in jumping at conclusions, Lord Lashmar."
different cures for inebriety. He concluded :
Constipated Bowels
quickly towards the h >use; he followed as quickly and opened the library window for her to piss through. The action was polit», yet it reminded
him of tbit other action, seror» yeanf j *or inebriety are cures whore the ta-when he h id flung open the door | æntial principle is that of suggestion.
In other words the patient is given
" I believe hypnotism is the brat cure known for inebriety. The public does not know that the most effective cures
She
Give Rise to Dyspepsia and Other Bodily Derangements—Dr. Chase’s
Kidney Liver Pills are Unique as the Only Treatmsnt Which Permanently Cures Constipation.
It is taking a shart cut to
ago
for h»r to "march."
She turn- one thing to make him believe that
hid not forgotten
ed on the threshold, and looked at | be is being cured, while an emetic is
stealthily pjit into the liquor which
Constipation, or inactivity of the states:	"I can recommend Dr Chase’s
Kidney-Liver P.lle for Constipation. 1 w a tr ubl.d for abjut i i e ye r , and have spent hundreds of dollars with doctors and for remedies I heard of, but they failed to even give relief. Hearing of* Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills I procured a box and thf>y have cured me of this longstanding complaint. I 'don't have to use them any more at all, which goes to show that the, cure is complete and permanent.'1
Mr. Henry Moore, Pickering, Ont., states: "In the fall of 18J5 I used throe or four boxes of Di. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills for Const ip i tion and Stomach Troubles and never found anything to compare with them. I bad suffered from these complaints for many years and taken many kinds of medicine, but it remained for Dr. Chase s Kidney-Liver Pills to cure me, I am now well and strong but continue to take one or two pills a week to counteract the uric acid condition in the blood and to keep the bowels perfectly regular."
Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills, Ok 1 and I pill a dose, 25 cents a box, at all dealers, or Edmonson, Bates 4k Cv., Toronto.
bowels, is probibly tbi cause of more
distress and suffering thin any other
_________________________j î..	..	.____.	organic derangement. Once i he bowel»
©he said, "as you did that Lent is made ill so ofieii by drinking, are constipated the kidney.» become
This time there is no | Hquor that he finally cannot bear the j clogged, the liver torp'd and ihns-tom-
achauid whole digestive system completely interfered with.
The head aches, thnre is dizziness, weakness and dimness of vision, sleep, he falls under the hypnotic in-1 pain» In the back, sides and limbs,
the ' accumulation of wind and gay on
* the stomach, pains_and fulness in
the region of the i»tom;ich aaid depression and despondency of spirits.
Yes, upon my soul, a very | What is the result? Why, after a set- Constipation can never be cured by
ies of treatments the patient goes and fbe use of salts an 1 similar weaken-g	ing and debilitating purgatives. Dr.
_____________________________________________________ III I I I	H I I I I I I	-H I Chase's Kidney-Liver PU Is not only
hole always makes me fancy the old	*tood your gam»	for the last three	trumped	up and down till after	the	it does nauseate	him. He	can't take it	cause the natural	action of the bowels
Arder La ending and that we shall all	week»? That I	hive not marked	warning	gong bad Bounded.	Then	and has to leave	it alone.	bul so strengthen	and	invigorate then
hare to turn up our slefves and work your maauuuM, your lonely ramble he rushed to hU dressing-room, and . ; frankly admit that there ia a f,T, jT'Th.TLt
at the furnaces before long." ____i_ aorcen the park and accidental meet- scrambled through hi» toilet, and to danger in practising hypnotism, if it 0f medicines. They also art on the
These people positively adored my &nga with Mr. Nestorius on the way; dr«*»r hurriedly was a thing he hated. used unscientifically, and for the liver and kidneys, and »o revitalize
w.... _.... s2Hé2ftÊ5fS rasrEsrctl rSSFSsr-
"Ah, but be was one of them, you	too long ago to have the faintest real	bungled	with h s cambric tie.	siqn, hypnotism	cannot	be used to	dyspepsia,
see, or oxide hlrn»elf oflW ef them, '	feeling about him,	always remember-	(To Be Continued.)	ooAipel people to	commit	crimes, such ! Mrs. W. B. Fisher,	Preston, Out.,
him with flashing ©yes.
"Why don't you toll me to * ma rob, other day I
need of your order. I am going to |	Hypnotism obtains this
same result in a different and moi h
he drinks. The result is that the pa
-
9 99

march."
And so, with a short, angry laugh, I simple manner. The patient is put to
s<b© left him.
"What a ah ©-devil," he muttered, fluence and you tell him that Tt b toff Spanish blood, I suppose, next time he tries to take a drink "When the conclusion Is so obvious I and Boldwood'a blood. A nlc© mix- of liquor that it will nauseate him.
depressed.
"They are not always as pleasant a a they might be," replied Lashmar. "There is no place in the world where I feel so much out of my element am In Brunira
the jump is inevitable, and it is a tune! very small jump—only a gutter. Do pleasant brew !"

He went biok to the terrace and tries to take a drink and finds that
Half an hour In this 7<** suppose that I have not under
,
ill
1 par-
said Clarice, discontented- your piteous revelations to him, your
father.

iy
l
		
-______________________
###PAGE###3###
POWERS OF SECOND SIGHT
gentlemen present to place him hand on a sheet of paper, which lay in front of him. Him desire waa gratified, whereupon he naked that the hand he raised fr<<ru the paper and write on it some one word. The word " velocipede " waa then written, after which the paper was folded and placed on the Doctor's head.
This simple act excited the sleeper strangely. lie moved uneasily in his chair, hut soon recovered himself, and, triumphantly seizing a pencil I
SOMEBODY'S SAWMILL
ONE TASTE OF
If you have at anytime experienced any difficulty is getting a tea that eulle joer t'olo in every way. you may overcome this ut mice by lining
A fempleh
I •• iiml In ih« V Hits of iliitlta.
The steamer Bosoowitg, the Inst to arrive from the north, brings details of one of the strangest mysteries connected with the exploration and development of Alaska. For several

A Ii.i ii it mini l.timlicr II ml
A HINDOSTANEE-FRENCH THEO-SOPHIST ON HIS WAY TO PARIS
A
*

ïà
t


Trleypnlhy ?»
l'oMlblIlly nf E«**«liiig #
Tiumuhl» al n llotaiirr — Womlrrlul HfTPldl'MMlll III OfCNlIIllM.
Exceptionally interesting was an exhibition of mind reading, or rather of double vision," which was given to a representative, of the press a few day.4 ago by Dr. Alberto do Sarak. Ouwde de Da* said to he a distinguish-®d occultist, and one of the best known physicians in Uruguay. The Doctor is now on him way to Varia, where he will act as a representative of Urn gu.iy at a scientific congress which Is soon to he held in that city. A* tb s congress he intends to give some novel teste of his powers as a mind reader, his social hope being that he will be able to convince those present at the congress of I he iwesibility
of reading a person's thougnts at any distance.
W Irrh'M l>lrgr»|iliy —
IVnon'.
OBYLON TEA lie high quality which n n r varies, ha* become n subit <
of comment among its regular coiiMiri.er*.	In Load Packets 26, 30, 40, 60 and #o
t
CEYLON GREEN TEA
will captivate the taste of any Japan tea drinker.
months the Canadian Government has had laborers at work surveying and , . , putting in a telegraph line from
i iw»r ss £ v\tw to üa—•
und another sheet of paper, he nerv- nient. It makes not the slightest dif- A fevv days ago while working near ously but rapidly wrote on it the word ; ference where the man may he at tlw (,|d Juneau trail, in a dense for" velocipede/' and beneath the word that moment, whether in New York eHt| a>)mit one hundred miles from the a I (High drawing of an old-f, btoned oo m (ton tsntlnople. By mere mm-1 <ÎOîM * wIn‘re It was thought white bicycle. The success with which he tal power I can picture that man toj men bad never been before, the sur performed this difficult feat was the, myself and more marked since he does not speak |heights at will English, and hence tlie word " veloci-
1
ENGLISH TEETHING SYRUP
Comforts Crying Children
Largest sale in tAe Wovld.
learn his inmornt keying party that was several days
ahoad of the pole and wire men, made
cnn
General Mo cornu says that he bas| * etran«e an<1 ghastly discovery. As
they were working their way through
tho forest they came to a heavily timbered marsh, and near the centre of
25 i
Everywhere.
M>- ’ had at first no moaning for him. tosted tho Doctor's powers and is am
Yet that iv in time comprehended ns ;l( them significance was made clear from the
I showed him," he
says, ' a picture of a relative of mine
fact thut he not only wrote it hut wh<> lives at Saratoga, and, though marah, they suddenly came upon also gave	its pictorial	meaning	he has never seen her and has never	a tract ot several acres on	which all
The Due ter next played a game of	hee-n in Saratoga, he told me all about	1 he timber bud	been cut.	Near one
dominoes, and marvelous was the man- her and assured rue that she was in 8lde tbe clearing was a sawmill, The work done by Doctor Sarak was net in which, though blindfolded, he. ft certain hotel at the moment when 8l‘11 *n a ^ood	of preservation,
iecidedly novel and interesting. He unerringly selected the right domino j showed him her photograph. I wrote * be machinery had evidently not been asked	for	a	glass	of	water,	a	set	of	with which	to make each	move. He	to Saratoga to find out if this were	^brturhed since	these premises were
dominoes,	a	few	sheets	of	paper	and	did not win	the game, but	it is very	true and I discovered that it wm." I ***ated by the	operators.	With the
That’s one question you ahoulj ask when you buy paint. It wilj pay to buy good paint—paint that has been tested for years.
How long will it look fresh ?
\
RAMSAY'S
PAINTS
was
u pencil, and then, after seating him- doubtful if he could have played better The feats performed by Dr. Barak I except ion of a little rust on some of self in a chair he produced some heavy, • even with the aid <f/ hU two eyes.! will he repeated by him at the scien- tbe bearings, the engine seemed to thick handkerchiefs and a few rolls j After each move bis fingers wander- tific congress in Paris, and, in add I- bo refl,,T t,J fire up and start at a of cotton, with which he requested ed restlessly for a moment or two over tion.he will perform several other feats mome,d’s notice. The boiler was in one of the bystanders to blindfold him. the dominos in front of him, and then of ;l more difficult and more technical | condition, and in different parts Tbi ' being done, the Doctor, who is they grasped the propel one, and, order. He delights in drawing a a low siied, alert, swarthy and very with a little chuckle of satisfaction, character portrait of any one who as- I b<Mjks« uxes, beetles, wedges, a black-
suave gentleman, turned to his friend, the Doctor laid it in its fitting place, sists him during a seance, and he did | sm,lb * fwge, with all its appurten-Qeneral Moscoeo,


retain their glossy newness, and look fresh and bright, longe# than any others, because they are made right. They art purs paints. They are the best.
of the milll were cross-cut saws.cant
ances, a kit of carpenter’s tools, and j other implements used around a com-
"bo accompanied When tlm game was over a curious not fail to display his ability in this him, and announced that he was ready gemm occurred. With a cry of pain j direction in the case of the gentleman to begin, 1*01 a few minutes there	or	bewilderment the sleeper rose from	who gave him the word "velocipede”!	equipped	sawmill.	1 he	lumber
we* dea'* silB"Cti' »«<t General Moeomio	bUl cbair and staggered toward Gen-1 •« » test.	In his nervous, energetic. of tllB mia	itself	hild	evidently	been
explained that the Doctor was going er.,| Mo cuso, who caught him and laid Spanish tongue he drew a vivid sketch | ou^ 1,11 t*ln	and there were
Into the necessary trance.	| him on two chairs, where he reclined of this person, who was an entire I ®ral tt,0"Jsan<J fBBt of lumber, which
in	a state of torjior. General Mohco-	stranger to	him, and though the por-
th*' thick white bandage over his ey»*s	w	explained that it was a cataleptic	trayal was	somewhat vague it
half ixxse from the chair and said in
j
m
A. RAMSAY & SOU
EeVd 1843

I
SHV
MONTREAL,
Paint Makers.
Suddenly the dark little man with
THE SAVAGE BACHELOR
I
LACK OF RECIPROCITY
was,
fit from which hi* friend was suffer- ' nevertheless, true enough in the main
view of the rather
n™
I One of tho most danger-I ou» and repulsive forms of j Kidney Disease is

I presume, said the Sweet Young	How do you like your new neighbor».
Thing that you would call that man	Way ?
who waited 30 years to get to marry
the woman he loved, foolish
Spanish that he wo*uld like one of t he Rig and that it would pass away in points, and, in
a few minutes. Ho was right. For weird conditions under which it was a few âm up tes the Doctor lay rigid made, it was certainly of exceptional as a corpse, but then the |x>wer of interest.
Nut at all
She’s awfully stingy, Why she borrowed our tack hammer
' *
SLOW STARVATION.
DROPSY
Me i No. Of course, he would have shown more sense if he had waited another 30 years Bachelor.
and a nutmeg early last week when I went over yesterday to a*k her said the Savage t<t ]end me $4 bo px«y on the rent she
hut
That the Doctor’s psychological work
motion and of speech came hack to
him, and, removing his bandages, he lM a severe strain on his nervous system is evident. Difficult feats hecun-Doctor Sarah is of French-Hindos- not jierform unless in a fitting mood tanee descent and ho has been study-	and in good physical condition, and he
yiaielencr, »irk Headnrhr, OfTmaiT»	i^g occultism for the last twenty	does not care to do any work in a
RrrMih aid "'"n* I ah ^ #uaMmm'	****** Ue was a delegate to the	place where he will be disturbed by
Council of Mahatmas, which was held	noise, His collapse after the seance
some time ago in Thibet, and on his	1* over is startling and is apt to be
return to this country he founded an	regarded with undue seriousness by
esoteric center, in Lima, Peru, and	those who are unaware of the Doctor's
also started a magazine devoted to	peculiarly nervous temperament and
occultism. Much of his time recently	of the fact that his seemingly iuani-
has been si>ent in giving lectures and	mate condition is not so much the re-
seances. For Mme. Blavatsky, Judge suit of physical pain, as uti his en-j and other modern occulists he has	deavor to recover his temporarily lost
high words of praise and some of his	personality. Fortunately this torpor i
lectures are devoted to them and	never lasts long and after it has pass-
THE CONDITION OF THOSE AF* said that he felt aa well as ever FLICTED WITH INDIGESTION
said she didn’t hive it to spare. Wasn’t that email ? '
for which Dodd's Kidney Pills are the only certain
conHBHHHl
neya are actually dammed uô, and the water, which should be expelled in the form of urine, Hows back and lodges in the cells of the flesh and puffs out the skin. Remove the filth which plugs up the drain. Restore the Kidneys to health. There is only one Kidney Medicine
Hay Fever Vary Prevalent.
Thousands now suffer from Hay Fever. Science now knows that it i;| a germ disease—destroy	the g-rin
and you destroy the disease. Ointments cannot do this, neither can Thii signature is on every box of the ronuint
douches or powders snuffed up. There LaXfltiVC BrOîBO-Quinine Tablets 1» just one remedy that will cure Hay ** rwnedJ thu coree . eeld m one day Fever and curt- it quickly. It h car» ried by the air to the remotest nr passages of the nasal passages and We are in receipt of I be following lungs. It is a germ killer—it is a inquiry; Deal editor—our cow has healing agent. It cures Hay Fever, gon/> dry, do you think we could sell Asthma, Bronchitis, and Catarrh, hwr for dried l>*ef ? if so, wbear? Catarrhozone is a guarantee to cure; your money back if you are not	_
cent trial size to any address in Can- the child, loftem the gum». allay. pain, cure» wind ada or U S., on receipt of 10 cent,, gfr
or the full treatment, post paid, for »«i aak for" Mrs. Wine owe Soothing Syrup "
$1.00. N.C. Poison & Co., Mfg., Chemists. Kingston, Ont.
In Dropsy the Kid
êWÂ
«I
II
l
i
•ch are Among ihr symploeis
Dyspepsia, or indigent ion, as it is also frequently colled, is one of the most serious ailments that afflicts
When the stomach loses
mankind
its craving for food, and the power bo digest it, thie person so afflicted is bo Lb mentally and physically in a condition of wretchedness symptoms of the disorder are manifold, and among them may be noted, a feeling of weight in the region of the stomach, aiok headache, offensive breath, heartburn, u disagreeable
Dodd’s
Kidney
PlLLS=
I'he
their work. The Doctor's attainments ed away the Doctor is seemingly in his physician and a psychologist have usual condition. As a rule, his wife been recognised by several learned so- is present whenever he gives an ei-cieties, both in this cofun try and in' hi bit ion of his powers, and she is the Europe, and he is deservedly proud of first to come to his aid when the the diplomas which he has received strain of bis work is over and the from them
as a
irritability of
taste in the mouth
Soar ley—[low did Jingso get over i
Yow—He wax stooping to pick up a horseshoe for lurk.
temper, disturbed sleep, etc. The condition is In fact one of slow starvation of the blood, nerves and body; and on the first symptoms treatment through the use of Dr. Williams1 Pink Pills should be sought. Mr. William well known blacksmith at
run
cataleptic fit seizes him
It has been said more than once that i to all appearances, had bt-en cut about
NO POLITICS FOR MARY
About bis work in the field of occultism Doctor Sarak speaks with great Dr. Sarak served in some respects as I three years
[ claim,” he sa vs, " to the prototype of Svengaii, in "Trilby.” | WMW
! General Moscoso
It's all right. Miry," he said pleas-Go into politics if you want
antJy
.Near the sawmill was a shed that
There U more Catarrh in Mil» section of the
remember one thing—the (country than all other diseases put together,
cartoon.L-its'11 h, after you a, W
nouacedita local diaeisc, and prescribed local remedies,aud by constantly filling to cure with local treatment, pronounced it incurable. Science has proven catarrh to be a constitutional disease, ami therefore requires oonHtilufciooal treatment. Hull's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney flt Cy., Toledo. Ohio. In the only c n-tnu rioual cure on the market. 16 le taken Internally lu «loses from Id drops to a teaspoonfuL It .cl# directly on the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. They offer one hund-...	...	,	red do larF for any case it Mis to cure. Send
Vnl they II nuke your for circulars and teslimon lain.
Addrens. F. J. CH EX K V & CO.. Toled o, O Sold by Druggists, 73c.
Hall's Family PU1» are the beet.
enthusiasm
have made in this line the same diseov
ery that Marconi has made in the' were true and he replied that he had field <rf science. In other words, as often heard the statement made and
to. But
asked if t bis | Had. evidently been used for horses,
and at intervals of a few feet around
was

Birt, a—B—^11 Piequid, P. K. I., is one who suffered
tor years, and relates his experience
* (or the benefit of similar sufferers.
Hi Birt says:—"For many years I
victim of indigestion, accom-
ymi're a candidate."
"1 don't care !"
"And they'll put yo-ur picture ün the piper with your hair out- of curl and your hit on crook».!."
the shed were the skeletons of twelve
horses, moet of them, judging from the bones, being large animals. The bones were entirely free from flesh, indicating that they had been there at least two summers. They were lying in such positions as to show that they had never been disturbed by man. Lying beside the skeletons were wea-
J his discovery enables him to send saw no reason to doubt its accuracy, messages without wires, so my discov- ! In conclusion, it may be said that ery will enable them to transmit their whatever may be the extent or mi-thoughts without any visible med- tare of Dr. Sarak's powers he is cer-liive me the picture of any man, tainly modest enough in speaking of
I ask no one to believe me," he says, "on my bare word, as lam always ready to prove that what I say is true
__	» /*»- t<wts 1 am a char,atan> but if I do main* of the pack blankets, and a
BORE DISGRACE perform them, I am entitled to re- quantity of half decayed flour and
cognition, and the reason why I have utber provisions that had rolled from performed a few simple feats is be
was a
pmied by nervousness, palpitation of the heart and other distressing symp-
appetite was irregular,
"])> you think 1 h -y will Jo that Ï she inquired apprehensively.
"Of cours»
Hahs g kwnu 1 »ok like calico, an \ say tint your wii-ikLii coat is imitation."
he sail, after a thoughtful jkiuv, "1 think I'll stay here and make home happy."
lllill
them
toms. My ànd what 1 ate felt like a weight in
my stomach; this was accompanied I CMp DATIFNTI Y
by a feeling of stupor or sleep ness, I Ul IL- ^ B	I L- ¦
in I yet I rarely enjoyed a night's sound sleep
If 1 cannot perform the therbeaten ropes and straps, the re-
Willi:. m
An ocean steamer of the first-class, going at full speed, cannot be brought to a halt in less than three minutes.
In the meantime she will have travers-(Copy of a letter which appeared lr ed a distance of about half a mile, the Ceylon Observer.)
“CORRESFONDESCE
When I would retire a
sensation would come over
preeping
the backs of the horses
!
with pains and fluttering around the* heart, and then when I arose in tho morning, I would feel as tired and fatigued as I did before T went to bed. It in needless to say that I was
lie
A Sfld Letter From 3 Lddy Whose cause I know that you will describe
Huchand U/ac nicclnalod	faithfully and accurately what 1 have ins constructed of logs and sawed luiu-
MUSUdnU ndb ULMudiLUe	done."	I ber, and carefully stored away was a
Dr. Sarak will remain for some
Near the mill were three small cab
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
Co loin!	x jg. 1	'. T. ..	| „
quantity of provisions, canucd goods, p0 the Editor of the "Ceylon Observ- * 06 Balmoral, Free BUS
bacon and flour. The bunks on the
Am. Plan.
•1.50* up
AVENUE HOUSE—^
per d»y.
er
and : How She Cured Him With a Secret
time in Paris, ami on his return Be will give public demonstrations of the walls contained a small quantity of
truth of his statement that it is possible to learn by mere mental power
continually taking medicine tried. I think, almost everything rocotmmeiHled as a cure for the trou-
Dear Sir,—I have carefully examin-
. ...	,	. . A	.	e.l and tasted the small sampb* »»f ÏV*
bedding, and a grindstone ami sever- marke<l SALADA" Pure Vncolored
1 al pairs of overalls were found in une Ceylon Green Tea, J i sent me last
night and find it is as stated.
The tea has exceptional leaf frag, , .	ranee and draws a choice, flavoury,
skeletons were found. 1 he discovery Q^wslip water, somewhat resembling
was made about the forty miles off a best grade Japan.
Remedy.
ii. i*. c i(n:$.
UL»*. Occasionally I‘got temporary ndiie-f. but the trouble always came
corner o* one of them.
Search was made, but no human
the thoughts of a person at a distance.
CALVERTS/
P f. Olnt hXre been
buck, usually in a si ill more aggravated form
great deal of money, and as the expenditure seemed useless I was much discouraged. One day
Carbolic Disinfectant». Soa ment, Tooth Powder», etc., I
.	,	awarded loo medals ' plom - for nuperioi
As u specimen of what Green lea excellence. Th«*ir regular use prevent infect!
should be in the cup it would be al* one dteeaaes.
most impossible to improve on it.
If Ceylon planters will only he care*
All this, of course, cost
A WORLD-TIME WATCH
a
the old Juneau Indian trail, and all
An ingenious Australian watchmaker his gone to the trouble of inventing a watch which, by an arrangement)
of a radiant with twenty-four point- j aud the hor9ea fished the latter part ful to ship Greens up to this stan-
of the same season. The trees were dard oi excellence, the capture of i he
American and Canadian markets is certain and assured.
Yours faithfully.
AaIc your dealer to obtain » ¦apply. LUto mailed free on application.
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
gland.
conditions point to the conclusion that the clearing was made three years ago


very
on*» of my neighbors, who h id used Dr. Williams' Hink Hills with much benefit, advised me to try them, and
J
¦dANOK ESTER

ers, woiking in conjunction with a 24! decided to do so, thinking never-I	Wr	hour dial, enables any person readily
tlleLeM] 1lhal it would be but au-	Y	w find the time at vaaioue parta of the party in some mysterious way bad
other twimlesa experiment. To my	'V J	the world. The zone radiant ia form-
great gratification, however, [had	eA. - A	ed of treated silver, and, although the
imiy been using the pills a few weeks	watch performs the special function
when I felt decidedly better, and	__ described, it does not in any way dero-
th ngs began to look brighter. 1 con-	.!S-VV '<* gate, from iU usefulness as an ordin-
tinued taking the pilla for several	\	ary watch. It will be obvious that to
months, with the result that my -i had for veara patiently borne thedls- a merchaDij . ““î1,1118 telegrams to h«‘ilth was as good ami my digestion! grave, suturing, misery and privations due , various countries it would I# usefu to
.... I. w ™ I— 0-;	-,hl* *•“» —-
of the most flattering results of i he of drunkenness, which I could give inv
... a ..I.». = sraâMJ
111 rood and coffee, and, as the remedy was
„ .....,
continued the use eff the puls ana in craving frr liquor. He soon began to pick Hut time I have not had the slight-, «ip flesh, hiei appetite for solid food return-
....b-........... ». ¦>- ! *
wavs keev tho pills in the house was completely cured 1 told him whal I
.... ..dm, MM, b... ...d <b.« titsaVKSCWSiS
(or other ailments with the same resolution to break off of his own accord.
These pills mav be had from any	SINT F hex to All.—A sample package	. .	.	. . .
d« ..	f..?sstiYsa£rr.'SK — "	’¦
boi.i'f.'r bi.M. .ddrwi., ib. ff”i7nd,cuid.	ln.	J —?*. * l1*'
Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock A inedy Co., 81 Jordan street, Toron iss tural Indls-rubbm:	been =	4.»»
covered.
biased ou four sides, indicating that
Brass Band
F. F. STREET."
Signed
separated, and were unable to get to-
gether again. The members of the surveying party think that if the forest were searched the skeletons of the former owners of the camp should be
Instruments, Drum». Uniforms, Etc.
Every Town can have a Band
Lowest prlnei ever Quoted Flue ostslogee 500 lUus tration, tu»,led free. Write ue for anything la
Music or Musical Instruments.
Whaley Royce A Ce., T°,0"%A‘&
I*
A SIGN.
Landlord—You never saw the new guest's daughter, yet you insist that she is a pretty girl Clerk—I do.
Landlord—How do you know ?
t
found. The theory of murder by the Indians is not entertained, for in that case the provisions and tools would surely have been taken. It is estimated that the englue, boiler, circular | Clerk—Her mother took me into her Sausage Caeinre - New importances finest EmgikS
mw and the rest of the mill outfit > room to-day to measure the windows r hunîce»- ' pvkk"bi.ackwfSlITCO./iwIto*4 when new, must have cost at least for new curtains, and I counts*1 iv
mirrors scattered around
to do, whether the cable will reach it» destination before or after banking hours or telegraph hours It will also be useful in countries wliere the railway system covers severs! zones, as in Canada and Russia.
MILLE, MILLS & HALES,
Barri#terr. etc.
Removed to Weeley Buildings, Hivhmô dfit W . Toronto.
$3.000
LAW
l
from 125 pounds to 155 pounds
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES,
»n-l other PRODUCE, to eusure beet results consign to
The Dawioq Commission Co., Lin\iUd,
Cor. West-Market A Oolbsme St., Toreste,
fYijiort/
est
HEADGEAR OR EDUCATION

She Is so interested in higher education !*•
' Yes, ' answered Mias Cayenne, A mortar board Is very becoming to her
Catholic Prayer
Bonks, wearies, Ort» clftxes, Scapulars,
Rnhfcious Picture*. Htstusry, end Church O _______
EduciMioesl Works. Ilsil orders rwelve prompt sum. um-	D. â j. SADLIEB A CO Montreal

(JLbKi^ouA/	aJhuJÂJ^
snif



.WO'M' I'Ui ' I bi'kWlHG
## J.l 'Oktc [ I C?f

sealed
1

6 8 IU ADLUiOi >. H '(IRONTO

Dr
»ille, Ont
«
L
i.
—i-



<
###PAGE###4###







School Books
Removal I
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . .
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, old, (standard) 75 to 77c lew
Oats per bushel, 20 to 2«W*.
IVase per bushel, 00 to 36r Kggs, per dozen, I2v Hut ter, per pound, 17 to IS Wool, per pound, 10 to 18c Pelts,each, 45 to 50e.
Calfskins. 10 to 50e.
SHAWVILLE. OCT. 4. 1900
-and-
DALE BROS.
70 lo 75<
School Supplies.
EDITORIAL NOTES
Farmers !
HAVE
REMOVED THEIR
The selection of Mr. Gerald H. Braba-z m, as the standard-bearer of the Liberal Conservative party by the very representative convention which met here on Friday, should be gratifying intelligence to the large number of electors who prefer to sve the representation of the county in the hands of a resident—one of themselves—rather than seeing it presented to an outsider, such for example as Mr. Murray, who in a recent speech is reported to have boasted that Pontiac was just now “wooing” him. Now, while we are not of those who hold the view that it is impossible to procure fair representation for a constituency unless the representative resides therein, we contend that the will of the people in this regard should receive due consideration. Other conditions being equal, if in the opinion of the electors a local man is better qualified to attend to their interests—from the fact of his always being In touch—than an outsider, then the consistent course to take is to rally to that man’s support; set every legitimate means in motion to ensure his success and make his return emphatic and
We have just received
A FULL STOCK
When you are in Shaw-ville call in and see our
Tinware Shop
md are able to supply all thv necessaries
for School.
LooK out for
BARGAINS Scribblers aqd
to the premises on
Pickanock Street
recently purchased by them and recently occupied by G, W. Svvatman.
Plows
IN MILLINERY
Exercise BooKs.
€3

All through tho Season.
A" my stock is large and will selected
I am able to suit all customers in style
and price, and I know it w ill he to
your advantage to call before you
purchase else w he re.
%	----o -
Thanking the ladies of Shaw ville and surrounding country for their past faovrs.
The designs are patriotic and warlike and "e haw made war on the prices.
The VERITY PLOW CO Limited, Brantford, whose plow we keep on hand, has been awarded the
fîO LD M FDA L at the Inn,i pwp»rcd as usual to execute all orders
in t lie jobbing line in n prompt and
Paris (France) Exposition, I satisfactory manner.
1900, in recognition of the superior excellence of their plows.
i »
•I
4
Pencils,
Pens, Inks, Pencil Boxes, &c., &c.
Customers will find us with
A full line of Goods
lYjrs. t. McWilliams.
You van got anything necessary for school at our store.
For Sale!
DALE BROS.
Pure bred Ayrshire Hull has taken Kt prize at Shaw ville Exhibition past two vears. Prive $M).
W E HAVE ALSO RECEIVED A FELL LINE OF
CEO. HYNES,
IAS. ARMSTRONi
STATIONERY,
NOTE PAPERS, ENVELOPES, WRITING TABLETS, ETC.
Green Lakt
Farm for Sale
triumphant.
In choosing Mr. Brabaaon as their candidate the gentlemen composing the Conservative convention have been guided in the main by a desire to be in harmony with the prevailing sentiment of the elec tors in this respect ; and from what we have observed and gleaned otherwise, their action will meet with the hearty en-dorsation, not only of the pronounced Conservative element in the county, but
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Being Lot 11 on the 10th range of Clarendon, containing 100 acres, more or less. About -7 acres cleared and a small house erected thereon. For full particulars apply to JOHN RICHARDSON.
8th Range Clarendon,
Shaw ville I*. O.
SMART & SMITH.
o
P. S.—Machine Oils and Mill Teeth.
Public Notice.
Call and examine our stock and be convinced that the right place to buy ..	.. is at the ..
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Public Notice i> hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municipality that the Collection Roll of School Taxes as established by many who owe allegiance to no parti- I by the School Commissioner* of this Muni-
«*,A»dh.d ,h, ,!,«=.i.n,«t. K'&KdXstrrS'S
the lot of other gentlemen whose names ! session for inspection by parties interested
during thirt\ days from this notice, dur ing which time it	¦¦¦TMHHHH
could have approved the selection | ratepayer may. during the said delay com*
whb.ui «*•¦*»"* »r « "»»'• i	,
Pontiac has abundant material out cf or without amendment at the meet ing of
Commissioners to take place on the ltith
, •	, day of October next, at the place where parm fov kfl]e being Lot No 15 on the
without going on a begging expedition mu-H mooliiig.- are usually livhi. at the mb ranga of the Township of Clnrvndon
hausse
local repreeenutive well worthy their e, month of September. uwu	'	'	“PPh ----------
teem and confidence. During the ex ten ded tenure of office in which he has served the people as warden of the county he has established a record of which any
We are Agents for
The Winchester
DRUG STORE,
1 also ket p a complete stock of * une ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisite* to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night
SHAWVILLE.
4

Rifle.

brought forward at the convention,
'”'3 8-55
BALLARD & MARLIN
were
may he amended. An\
opposite McGuires hotel

we

60 YEARS* EXPERIENCE
Farm for Sale.
Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and 10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at $1.50 per hundred.
(V]cDGUCALL and GUINEAS Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
which to mould guardians of its interests
n

Trade Marks
FJÊÊÊÊÊÊK* Designs
Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending * sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an invention is probably patentable. Communications strictly rondgenttal. Handbook on 1‘ateuts
agency f through
S. 1*:. WILSON,
Cascade* V. O., Que
H. LANG, Sec. Tiens
eent free. Oldest Patents taken
êfxrial not let, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
t patent*. Co. receive
r aecuring Mutin A i
SB

r/
Uon. S. N. Parent, mayor of (Juebec, ' and commissioner of lands forests and fisheries in the late Mr. Marchand s cabi-
Stopping Place to Rent.
Canada’s Sons Kopje and Veldt
Just
A handsomely tlhmtrated weekly. Iairge*t clr. culation of any sdenUfle Journal. Term#. g:i a year; four months, fl. Sold by all newsdealers.
MUNN â Co.’"--™ New York
Branch Office 625 F Ht.. Washington. D.C..
The undersigned oilers to let his large well-equipped stopping place on John Bull Creek, Upper V ou longe. The premises afford good accommodation, which includes stabling for fifty six teams. Will lie rented already stocked with supplies for coming winter's travel, or without, ns lessee may de tire. For further particulars apply i
GEORGE CRAWFORD. ’
Otter Lake.
public man might be proud : Ever cour and gentlemanly and strictly ini
Published
net, has accepted the ta*k of forming n
new government, in which it is stated Partial, with a due appreciation of the Mr. Lower Gouin, of Montreal, will be
responsibility of the position, he has Commissioner of Public Works, end Hon. and enj >ys the unreserved respect
and esteem of the executive who have sat
around him. Hence in the wider sphere
teous
on
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Mr. Dully will become Treasurer. The other portfolios will remain as they were in the old cabinet.
An authentic account of the Canadian Contingent# in the South African Mar. By T. G. Marqis, 1!. A. introduction hy Very Rev. Principal Grant, L
Lieut.-Col. O ter and other commanding officers at the front 1‘letein One Volume, 000 pages, richly illustrated, only #1.50 Agents coining money. GET FREE I*R< 1SPEVTVS.
won
L. I). Based on the official despatches of
To buy well, watch the latest prices ami in formation in the special TRADE PRESS,
to
which has opened to him it is not unreasonable to expect and look forward to his building up an equally honorable and unblemished record, should the electors of Pontiac, as we believe they will, favor him with their support.
Mr. Brabazon is a gentleman of culture and refinement and eminently qualified to till the position with credit and dig-From this fact it is not by any to be understood, however, that he is a " tenderfoot " as the term goes.
On the contrary, he has experienced life in its roughest stages, and is as fully conversant with the hardships and privations,
incident to the experience of the pioneer Murray’s candidature in Pontiac, is his settler, as any man in the county. More- ** independence over he has a thorough knowledge of must be in a jollying mood, otherwise it
„d m, u. » jc-iXM
quirements, which advantages shou turn under which our cotem is laboring
•weigh well with the people in his favor. we commend it to the speech recently
In electing him to the distinguished post- made by Mr. Murray at the Liberal con-
tion of their representative in the Parlia mention in Pembroke, which will be , „	,r ..	.	, found in last week a Observer ; a deliver-
ment of Canada, as the auppor e - 1 ance, such as it is, bristling with clap-
grand old Conservative party, which has trap throughout and weighted down with
called into being all the great achieve misrepresentation, affords rather a doubt -
he history of the country, the fuI evidence of the author s alleged inde
1 pendence.
Cum
The big coal miners' strike in Pennsylvania has ended rather contrary to ti e rule in such cases, by a win for the strik-The result would perhaps be gratifying, from the standpoint of justice to the laboring class wtre it not fur the fact that the laborer and artisan in other spheres, will have to foot the bill by paying an excessive price for the coal he consumes. while the mine owner will continue to grow rich on undiminished profits.
The Canadian Grocer end Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review
Public Notice
Stationer.
.Samples free
II
The Bradlcy-Qarretson Co., Limited,
BEAHTFORD, ONT.
evs
To Whom It May Concern :
InuMinich as that we have gone beyond our limit in collecting taxes, necessity now compels a speedy collection of all Taxes municipal and school. Believe this
to be the last notice without costs.
H. MATHESOX.
Sec. Ti ens.
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
nity.
means
Shnwville, Oct. 2. 10UU
.303 Calibre.

The Stuff was Worthless
One cf the points which the Bryson Advocate refers to as in favor of Thomas
Regarding the emergency rations which the Dominion Government, purchased for the Canadian troops in South Africa from its friend and supporter, Dr. Devlin, of Montreal, and paid for at the rate of two dollars per pound, Lt. Morrison of the Second Contingent, writing from the Transvaal, says
I see you have been having lots of fin over the " emergency ration ” issued to us. When we unpacked the boxes containing ours, one-third of the tins were empty and the stuff which looks like fine oatmeal sifted through the others. The tins were so cheaply made that the lids would not keep on if they were carried in a haversack. We thought it was some stuff that had been presented as a cheap advertising scheme <o the troops. Our medical officer tried some of it as did al- j so Major liurdman, but finding it of no apparent use, it was all left at the base. The joke of the thing is that the label j states that it is to be mixed with beef tea \ and a lot of other things when used. If j a soldier in extremis had hot beef tea, soup and such things available he would 1 not be in need of an emergency ration at all. A good emergency ration that night j at Balmoral and on several other occasions would have prevented much suffering with us and subsequent illness.
Savage Magazine Rifle.
Surely our cotem
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Emmeries Smokeless 6-Shooter
One rifle takes six different cartridges Point Blank Range for Hunting.
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete 1V09 Catalogue.
OO., UTICA, N. Y., U. S. AMERICA
j^|0 DIFFERENCE.
PONTIAC
FRESH and CURED
MEATSWOOLLEN
ments ir/1
people f Pontiac will make no mistake
The fact that the name of
our place of business has been changed from Park man to Starke's Corners makes no difference with us.
Sir Charles Tapper has issued, under The Ottawa Journal states that Mr. I hi# own name, a manifesto to the farmers McLeod Stewart, of Ottawa and G. B. 0f Canada on the question of cold storage canal fame, has been approached by a an(j faat transportation. He says that if prominent resident from near Shawville, the Conservatives are placed in power,
¦¦¦¦independent candidate for they 11 will endeavor to establish such a
system of cold storage and transportation
m _______	as will ensure the placing of the surplus
„„ ^	~	,	,	... I of all of the more perishable products of
Mr. George C asey, member for > est our farma? orchards and dairies upon the
Elgin, and Mr. Stenson, member for I British markets, speedily and in prime Richmond & Wolfe, both Liberals, are condition, thus securing for Canada all
b. «.«bd.,,.»... ÎÆ xJ5.,pncru“f„!rs
election. Both are to be provided with | ot^er produce ought to ensure.” jobs under the Government before the
collapse occurs. It is stated on pretty i At the Chapeau fair last Tuesday, which good authority that Mr. Douglas Brymner we learn was a great success, the political Dominion archivist, is to be superannuate campaign in Pontiac was opcnel by a
,d u, r«..	«...sa. rass
pressible (teorge, whose speeches bured | exhibition President Fitzpatrick called
the House “ awfully, and Mr. Stenson I for speeches which elicited the intelligence
expects a billet of some kind, which a* from Dr. Gaboury that he was tot in the
field, but would support the candidature
,	A1 .	... _ , of Thos. Murray. Mr. Brabazon was
pointment of these gentlemen to positions I nôXf introduced and got a very favorable
under the Crown will bring the number j hearing. Mr. Murray was the last
of Liberal M. P’e so provided for, up to | speaker, ard declared that he felt no
doubt he would be the Liberal candidate in Pontiac. Considering that the Chapeau has been regarded as one of Murray's doubtedly proving a great party—for it* ] strongholds, his speech on this occaeior
coldly
of all kinds at
MILLS.
We are still in the old stand, doing business on the same fair, square-dealing lines
This well-known and reliable I “mU‘ver rt'“dy 10 meet the requirements
of our customers.
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
o
to run as an Pontiac.
establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NEW AND COMPLETE
STOCK OF
Proprietor.
Summer
Our stock of Cloth
Including nil the finest makes In
"	The Dominion immigration officials are
There never was a time in our history in negotiation with three delegates re-when our trade relations with the United presenting a people closely akin to the States deserved more serious consider- Doukhobors with a view to establishing ation than they do tc-day. The United a settlement of 7,000 of their compatriots States exports to this country are grow- in the Canadian Northwest next winter, ing by leaps and bounds. In 1895 they The people are called Molkans but in were 24 millions ; and in the year ending nearly every respect are said to be iden-July 1 last, they were 97 millions. The tical to the Doukhobors. They are said exports of the United States to this to find the Russian yoke irksome and are country have increased from 68 to 97 anxious to live in a free country. They millions a year during the 4 1-2 years are Christians of a primitive type. The the Liberals have been in office. Speak- delegates are Phillip Shubin Ivan Bucking in round figures the United States is neff and Ivan Sam arm. Tracts of land exporting to Canada 100 million dollars’ have been picked out in the Northwest worth of goods per annum, and the and should other arrangements prove sat amount is rapidly increasing.—Toronto isfactory the influx will commence next
Goods
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
SERGES
TWEEDS,
WORSTEDS,
&c. &c.,
TEAS! TEAS!
• • • • • •
yet has not been designated. The ap-
will be found choiee and complete in every respect , and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
Our stock of Tea* stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
The Liberal ma
pretty nearly a score jority in the House of Commons is an
A. HODCINS,
PROROPRIETOR
World
self

i
I
i

l
%

f

###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No 276.
LOF 1
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
FVÎBLI8IISD KVKRV THURSDAY
AT SHAWVILLF, Co. PONTIAC. QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-*# 1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper a topped until nil arrearage* e paid, uni VMM by apodal arrangement with ubllaher.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.

Meet» the 41 li Wed ne* (lay of every month.
Court due* must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited
Our Fall Range of
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
LI3.<
A. SMILEY, Prop.
L A. Cowan, ILS
H. H. ÎÎAKNF/rT.F.H
JACKETS
J. W. Kadfm, C. K
o
TAILOR MADE
ADVERTISING RATES ;
Legal advertising. eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Hast ness cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #1.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cent» per line lor first, Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inslructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
nirth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry tb cents per lino.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
Tho Frost & Wood Company (Limited)
84 Nepean 9t„ Ottawa, Ont
High grade
Steel Ploughs
Has mot with groat success- We carry a very large range of faultlessly-made Jackets and Capos. They ara moving out in double quick order these days. Call early and inspect whether you buy or not. Always a pleasure to show goods here.
Lumber tf All Kinds Bought and Sold.
CUNSKiNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty.
Are in every corner of the Domininion. Our ploughs are looked upon as the standard by which others are judged. To such a degree of excellence have we attained in the manufacture of ploughs that competitors are obliged to represent their ploughs to be equally as good ; but farmers have learned by experience that they can absolutely rely on ours being the best, and that no others are “ just as good.”
Always in steely at
$ 1
ree
R K ms next e* by Permission :
Ihiiil* Murphy, Pn s. Ottvwn Transporta F. W- Awry.', Hull Luinhi-r Co.
J. T. Ml,l,rill, E B. Ed-JyO.
L ttvlif.ihl & M' Dniigall, Rin (stern.
John Honey & Sous.
II N. Bate A bon.
4
JOB PRINTING
All kind» of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order# by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publlttber
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN StylTH, Proprietor.
s
Furs ! Furs ! Furs !
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
We are known as Dealers in High-grade Furs I
But high and low alike you will find our Fur Goods all that can be desired. Fit and Finish of every garment perfect.
Capes and Caperines.
We have a variety of these dressy Garments—all fur—all lined—special prices.
The spot spot for—
F. M. A. McNaughtoq,	M.D..C.M.
A Fashionable IIair Cut Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the lute Dr. II. II Knox, Shaw ville.
far Your Turn next
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
A. SMILEY’S.
k\

F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity Unlveulty, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow hy examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omt i and HKaiifKNi e : J. H Armstroxu's House,
8HAWTILLI,
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
P. S.—Blankets, Robes and Harness.
and
MAIN STREET
JEWELLER

KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
Ac. &c.
LEGAL.
v
/
W
X
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L L
J
U ! I.
?
?
?
Cloth Caps
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit Shaw ville every Monday

/
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval

RerAiRiNO—
a Speciality
\
Z

For Fall and Winter wear.
We have them in endless variety and price.
WM. GAMBLE,

SHAWV1LLE, 0
BARRISTER, &o.,
Room 2ft, Trust Building, No. is Spark
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Sbawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
'of each month.
ftfllce-over G. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main 8t
District and Country.
-
0
U
G. F. HODGINS.
| As illustrating the quality of the pabulum ! bjing frd to the Ont babes take the hon- cat (?) London Advertiser's announcement that Archie Cambell’s election in ? | West Yoik over Clarke Wallace, who had I a majority of 4,000 in 1890, “ is coneder- p vd certain. ' —Ottawa Citizen.

t
BABY No. 1
CEO. C. WRIGHT

will save you $10 per cow
per year
The prices are net at list to one and all alike—no
discount.
S.—Look out for FUR DISPLAY
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C


OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEUE!
(
Winnipeg, Man., September 2»>.—At a Liberal convention in Selkirk yesterday Mr. W. V. McCreary, Dominion immigra-
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac | lion Commissioner, was selected as the Dist i lets
Trust Building—
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa
Phone No. 1173




candidate for the coming general elec
tior.s. Mr. McCreary accepted and will I the French Canadian Liberal organ, in resign the immigration commissionership. j province. He has won distinction as
A shocking fatality occurcd at Fallow-1 the author of several dramatic works, field last Friday afternoon about three among them Fatenville, a comedy o’clock, resulting in the death of a boy Erreur n’est pas compte, a vaudeville and a girl aged 3 and 5 years respectively, I (1872), l'n bonheur en attire un autre, the children of Mr. and Mrs. James ! a comedy (1884) and Les faux brillant,
death while sleeping in the house and ! manual treating on the notarial p:o while the parents were absent working ! feesion in Canada.	. .
"WAr&ZlaWL JBBtiBB STLfSi	.....
children sleeping in the house and had over Canada were present. Thousands j^r j,liin j | gone out into the field to Work. The viewed the remains in the legislative view of the house was obstructed by an j assembly’s chamber, before the cortege intervening barn and the tire thus gained I left for the Basilica. A wealth of floral ^ Mathosoii & (
iiiSS 1 ! fiff"f1 ïWîIIEe
aidered that everything was safe when Evanlurel represented the (iovernor-Gen-‘ijh- ,
Ural at the fnnera!. Sir Wilfrid L.uri.r, Mr. Michael O’Brien, of Litchfield.
----~------	I “ll;’ »rjn; MI; Tarte were present on be- ¦ W6nt fur Gillie*’ Bros. Friday
half of the Dominion government, and I Mrt). Ben 8mit, of Huddersfield, went Bon. Mr. Latchfold on behalt of the On- lui|ne on Friday.
tario government.	.	Mr. Stilman Smith, of Litchfield, was
His Lordship Archbishop Bruchési, of |iere
Montreal, delivered the eulogy of the late -	' y
Premier in the Basilica

OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
W. W. IRELAND,
a
Write for particular* to
Mr. D. Lunani, of Campbells’ Bay
muent most of the week around the Cag- \KT Q	. A "Rt^Tîl
eitio Lake, going home Thursday.	VV . O. ULlJX£\)£±jU}
Mr. John Thomson, of Lower Litcli-	rr\TT ran novTt a r
field, went up the Pickanock Tuesday, AGEN 1 FOK lUrlllAL,
going down home Friday.	________	_	______
Mr. t*. B. Anderson went to Shawvilie MORE HEAD, -• QUE. Monday, returning on Tutxl.ty aecnm-
sou, John Anderson, who
treated
Clerk of tbe District Magistrates’ Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds Mortgages, etc., executed legally and sails faclorlly.
QUE
SHAWVILLE
The children were burned to a comedy, in 1885, and ha* published a

S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
>
n

NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawvilie on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
NOTARY PUBLI
+
?
?
a
ney, Thorne West was here Tuesday and also on Friday. Mr. Brousell, uf Montreal, for Messrs
and Mr. Ben Young
Cattle Astray.
J1 HE
PORTAGE DU FORT
Strayed from Wheel!ban's farm, Clarendon Front, about Kith of September, 12 head of Cattle—all yearling* and two-year olds except one a brow n cow tion of where they may be found will he thankfully received by
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT Shawvilie . Que., respectfully -«Hells engagement*for any businesst neonnectlon with all Courts In the County. Collections m ide iud p»om p tret urn Bissured
B
Informa
Roller Mill
j. if. Brownlee
Or ED. BROWNLEE,
they left
Shawvilie
GENERAL
Quebec's Premier Has passed
Away.
favored of their competitors, wherever these are found. And what is done for
the ft ml growers will be done for | THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A
the poultry raisers, dairymen vegetable growers, etc. The men who began intelligent government work for agriculture propose to advance the standard to the needs of the case. Sir Charles Tupper's is a proposal of business statesmanship that speaks tor itself-—Montreal Gazette.
JAS. HOPE & Co.
ANCFACTURING STATIONERS,BOOKSEL leri, Bookbinders Primers, etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary BHfleSociety,Ottawa,Out.
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN
M
HON. F. O. MARCHAND DIED ON TUESDAY NIORT AT HIS SON-IN-LAW S HOME.
Rev. Mr. Lummis, of Greermount, was here F rida Mr W. unlay
FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
y-
Moore went to Shawvilie Sat
Sans Ceremonie
Quebec, Sept. 25. —Hon. F. G. Marchand, prime minister, died at 7.45 to
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County night at the residence of his son-in law,
Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like Dr. Simard, where he was living since
sss-ssze as jr Mvsrs	«.
11c sales conducted at Shawvilie once a fined to his room since the prorogation of &cinthe that the Government had aim- A Conservative Government established hâ°ndtor«lîVoflJL0/ shiwvUI‘onY'	the provincial legislature in May last,	ply allowed the Canadian volunteers logo	the Canadian experimental farms and
— '	He was the son of the late Gabriel Mar	t0 Africa, just as Canadians had	been	al-	began the seed testing and other work
chand, merchant of St. John's, P., Q., by Iowed to 8° t0 lhe American civil war and carried on them to the advantage of agri-1 Don last week and there is great hope of
______ his wife Mary, daughter of John McNider, to the Cuban and Philippine wars.’’	culture throughout the country. A Con- her recovery now. Her two sisters, the
of Quebec. Born at St. John's, Jan. 9, Sir Wilfrid was. present when Mr. servative Government appointed the first | Misses Schwartz, who are nurses, are wl	1832, he was educated in the college of	Bernier made this explanation	and	did	Dominion dairy commissioner and in- attending	her.
OW	St. Hyacinthe and admitted to practice	not correct his colleague.	stituted the system of instruction in ' Mr.	Harum Hamilton was confined to
as a notary in 1852. He entered on the Perhaps the Premier did not	deem it	dairying that proved so profitable to the !	the house for a	few	days	with	a	severe
practice of hie profession in his native necessary to contradict such an	obvious	older provinces, and to the commercial |	cold.
town and remained there throughout, mis-statement i or perhaps he felt a deli- interests therein. A Conservative Gov- Mrs. J. Hodgins is still improving.
Returned to the legislature for St. John’s cacy about contradicting a mis statement ernment so adjusted the duties cn pork j Mr. Thos. Dale attended the convention | a quantity of— at confederation, 1867, he has sat con- which after all was only a repetition sub-1	andjpork meats that Canadian hogs raisers	at Shawvilie.
tinuously for that seat in the chamber up stantially of one of his own tara	diddles,	firstsecured the home market for their in- Thursday morning	a	rain	coat	was
to the present and was considered	as	the	Nobody knows better than Sir Wilfrid 1 dustry and then reached out for the Brit- found on the Greermount road between
41 doyen " of that body.	that there was no similarity between the | iah market, to which they now send the parsonage and the school house.
Hon. Mr. Marchand held office	in	the	caeea of the few Canadians who fought thirty five million pounds of bacon, hams,	1 The owner may obtain the same by
Joly government, 1878-79, first as pro- for the United States in Cuba or the Phil-1 etc., a year. A Conservative Govern j calling at the Greermount post office, vincial secretary, and afterwards as com lippines and the Canadians who fought ment first arranged for the shipment of There is also a pair of lined kid gloves at missioner of crown lands, and was speak- f°r Great Britain in the Transvaal. The perishable farm and daily products in the office since the social, m nmnmr er of the legislative assembly, 1887 92. Government ot Canada did not recruit, cold chambers, opening the way for a The Thanksgiving service will be held V	A	ni	Un Mr. Mercier'» defeat at the polls	in!	clothe or equip volunteers to serve in j large increase in the exports of dairy	; in St. Stephen’s church on October 4th,
1	ÜU1 Ull 1 •	the latter year he became leader	of	the I	Cuba or the Philippines, nor even supply ! goods, butter especially.	at 7 p. m. Mr. Boyle, of Shawvilie, will
Liberal party In the legislature, and as ! them with ground dog biscuit for emer- A letter from Sir Charles Tupper to the ! conduct the service.	Pansy,	jfXCtlVO CâllVâSSSr
such opposed Mr. Flynn in the campaign gency rations. No Canadian needed the farmers of Canada indicates the lines on !	-----?------- T n	n .	,
of 1897. On the latter's defeat at the “ permission of Sir Wilfrid Laurier or which he proposes to supplement the j The Kingston locomotive works have 1 OntlRC U OUllty, tO WOFK polls and consequent resignation, Mr. j of Mr. Tarte to serve the Queen in South | work so well begun by h?s predecessors, been closed down.	amongst fanners to represent the
^	*• *:	LARGEST M'.tSEKY IN CANADA,
_____ into office with hi. colleagues, May mentjthet the Government allowed Can- aaian and Californian fruit, though it has ur®r ot	’ s8ea ,l5 ?«»”• g-rnur o WELLINGTON, of TORONTO
26, he taking the office of treasurer in | adians to volunteer for service in South to be carried a much greater distance, j Rev. Mr. Chnstiansten, of Arnprior,	1	*	¦
Africa is apiece of offensive impertin-1 reaches the consuming market in London has been re-elected president- of the Permanent position to good, steady man;
in better condition than Canadian fruit. I	^ ' m%TLmtda * EranRellCal pay weekly, free outfit and good terms.
Splendid local references will be supplied
as to our stock and reliability, to assist in
canvassing.
J. J. TURNER,
Permitted to go
First Quality Flour.
The Hon. M. E. Bernier, the latest ac
A Business Proposition
GREERMOUNT
Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
Mrs. John Ebert underwent an opera'
HOTELS
JOSEPH BROWN,
St. Lawrence Hall
Proprietor.
•9
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
FOR SALE:
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
Boards,	' ^
Laths and Shingles.
mil
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.

WANTED !
The Shawvilie
SASH and DOOR
j
ALL KINDS OF—
Interior & Eiterior
FINISH FOR
Houses 86 Verandahs
sworn
the new cabinet
Mr. Marchand was for many years act- ence
ively identified with French Canadian The simple truth as everybody knows. This means that an avoidable loss restricts journalism, the tone and character of is that the Government sent the Canadian the profits on and prevents the develop which he did much to elevate. Conjointly troops to South Africa because it was a ment of a trade which promises large ad-with the late Hon. C. J. La berge, Q. question of sending the troops to South vantages. Sir Charles Tupper's proposal C., he established in 1860, Le Franco Africa or sending themselves into oppo- is to extend on the best lines the work Canadian, the French Liberal organ in aitioq. They would have sent Canadian which Conservative Governments began, the district of Iberville. He was also for volunteers to South Africa or to the dev- to put Canadian fruit producers on a foot-V a time chief editor of Le Temps, Montreal il rsther than have sent themselves out ing of equality, as to means of shipment and subsequently contributed to most of of office. —Montreal Star.	and speed of transport, with the most
manufactured
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac .
Kept In stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRICES
20 Gordons Killed.
Lorenzo Marquee, Oct. 1—An explosion occurred at Komatipoort, while the British were destroying the Boer ammunition, resulting in the death of twenty of the Gordon Highlanders.

Apply to
C. K. GRIGQ,
RENFREW, Ont.
McCREDIE & HODGINS.
j






]

###PAGE###6###


keep (mm discoloring. Allow 1 lh.
<nl* .sugar a ad I qt. of water to every 4 11*4. mf pvt ns.	Drain fruit, put in
i kettle, entrer with boiling water and Slimmer gently until it can bo pierced with a broom at raw. In the meantime prepare the myrup, ami when the peurs are tender lift out with Many a good orchard ham been a perforated apuom or a skimmer, and rendered largely unproductive from Place in the bailing syrup. Slnunei year to year binante t he owner did not
keep the old dead trees and limlm
Kwvp homme and roof well whitewashed and very clean.
Have e portion of the henhouse partly darkened for nests.
Sitting hens must have a dally run to iusniiTe tlunin good health.
Avoid in-and-out holding, and use none but vigorous fowls.
There is no danger of the poultry business being overdone. because the deimand i« rapidly increasing.
If n scratching plane im provided
vh<‘r<‘ >i>,i (mu bury oortt, your fowls 1WI parings and cores in 1 I deirful effect iin protecting the fruit | wyj receive much benefit from the qt. of water for 15 minutes. Strain trees from insects and fungous dim
WIEN SHIPS BO BLIND


<mt»‘ bonrdlng-hbme wittft dyimmite, destroying the building and killi ig wmral of the Lumat<\1	HH
vOMK THRILLING TALES OF THE) Vaiuxvuveir'a Inland, there Is a branch
HIGH SEAS.
MlerU la Caraeta Hrl «he f’ueipie* of iliv 1’analln Hu ring l.nim * -W hale *h I p \
«•ni pan y Went Blind — Bmlro) liiu "IIIP-» ti ill* liiivmal llarblne*.
r
i
{Agricultural!
HOUSEHOLD.
Vt Nimaimo
<nffof the union, which own» a Mm. i II ?1 oj) Thus union te -ma to h i va tcukasn a dislike to the crow W the "Dawn'rooma,” a British earner hi 11-
BURNING BRUSH
HOU SKI LEANING
H vire la the fall h msec leaning time ât ha ml and «weeping is suddenly proclaimed unhygienic,. Hanish the the broom! Women roust not sweep. Waive sweeping does not clean. Shades of our grandmothers, look down upon us! The generation of housewives who hive labored with a
Who could euppose thit the l.i rgest | fncum Belfast, and bu y at Nanal»
In *be dead of
«bip afloat o ml I ba disabled by such | nv> loading or-*l a thing as a lady's corset?
thing actually hippvi.yi to tin fine | 1 “wd* went emt h their eloop, laid
aio!.;x i-s .,f t iM Hi wo moire V board*
10 minute»; seul Soiling hot
Such a nigbt eight of th.« union men, heavily
Preserved—Pare and halve chdve, cleaned up. A good firne of orchard ripe, perfect pears. Drop into cold | bnish onvv a year will have a won-watei
pi.sMMtgw steamer "Oastalla
The eeo>ad mate reported to the | «*1 bar, and overpowered the watch-
officer»
vxvnr itie
maatnr, (\iptatn Ulen, that the com
A quick way to fatten ***** ‘5 *0 jmm h id nddmljf gone wrong, that | taken by nut prise put a few In a darkened peu and feed
man.
hi>x>m have la bo mi likewise under a |and to the juice add enough water eases, and this will be especially the
to furnish l qt. for every 4 lb«. of case if the orchard be at a turosider-
V1 low 3-4 lb. of sugar able distance fioan other orchards, of j p(Vy of oats ptvr day to each one Boil and akim the course, wh <n there is an orchard over
dragged out of
9
diduiv-n.
the needle w us swinging aimlessly their tmnkts, and taken, In their night-ab nut, three or four points to the clot hies, on. boa ml 1 he sloop left, then as much to the right. It | was ool.l, a tew of their clothe went was impossible to steer a oourse, a ni j thinowa to them.
Xvcording to the most ad va need [sugar used
Va fit
hygienic itbottriea alarming disease* | to 1 lb. of fruit
They fatten in two weeks
arc literally thrown at th* un sus-	syrup, add a tablespoon	lemon juice	the	fence	that ia penmitted	to Income
peotlng hea da of every Individual	a ml a little ginger root	to each qt.	a harbor	for invita,	it is	diAmmrag-
uvembpir of a fi mil y whose domesti-	Simmer the pi in* in the	syrup until	| ing	work	trying to	keep	(*n et own
t is dish! bed by a pmoounoed | clear a ad tender, lift out oar ©fully
tendency fotr sweeping
(muss the ors-t while innocent but now I til rich and thick
The kilnapp'n»
v
COLOR OF THF VO Mit
then sot mil, and too«k th-lr prisoners out to aea. Nobody kmowe what Muir intention* were. The Canadian
the
SHIP WAS DISABLKD
When the comb ia bright red in color it denote»* health and also that the h iia are about to lay. There in
premia's clean. Nevertheless, In any And this be- | place in. jars, l*>il the ay nip down un- lease it must be done, but It oan be
1’-nr it over fruit <1 n w h more h >,>*» of good Nftttll
Running to the whmdhoatc, Cup-
t sent officer?» in n f ist
(r< »v«sr
steamer, which overhauled and captured the nlorjp, rescued the "Bawn-moreV crew, and took the eight kid-
tain Alton f<nund the ou nip is ; pinyin» disease known as "black comb, ss [,,g gamer* all of it* own1 acorn I, and the comb is simply an IndlOStCT, and
Iff IK* I
condemned brwm stirs up dust and I and wal hot fill* the atmosphere with matter to they must tie simmered in water be-which, in all probability, "germs" a re | fore putting them in the syrup, clinging.
broadcast
If the pears are hard | un the one case than in the other.
in human diseases of a contagious nature it has been found that the
the quartermaster at hi* wits'-end. Two lattis» were standing there, by pmuksUm, to see how the ship was at ee red, and, after a moment's thought, the eiptiiu askol them if they were wearing «teel corset.*. This t h« y readily admitted, and t<dd hlm als> h>w much th.sy admired the ship'.* machinery. The chief engineer had just bum showing them the electric light dynun s 80 the whole trouble was ex pi lined. The dynamos h id turned the steel rib* of their corsets into strung magnets, and th»ise oomlng near the whi p's cam pass attracted the needle, the point of which followed their movements like a pet animal. These ladies were ordered
changes to pule* or dark color, no matter what the disease may In*. When the bona or pullets are about to begin Laying their n»mW enlarge and become red, gradually losing the red color as the number of eggs is Increased, but it ie only when the comb becomes very dark that it indicate# serious illness.
napper* Into custody.
The « lii ons' union does not saim in to hive been disc «airaged by this reverse, for a few days later they planted an Informa 1-mnohine in the "llrawn-ntotneW cargo. A revolver was
SET FN A RATHOLE,
wdtih ammo arrangement by wH;eh t he first rat pi swing would touch off the hair-trigger. In front of the muzzle no I cm than twelve p winds of dynamite wane found,concealed in the oar-gv> of coal, nul théine Is not the slight-e*t doubt that by this means the 8aiLows' Union hopid to destroy the "Ra wnn y ire" on the high fleas.
This deet/roying of ships with in-fivnui 1-m-inhiiopA i« no new thing. In 1881 four inf mu/i 1-machine#	were
found on the as. "Hivami#," at Liver-pod, a ad no Iwi thin six in the as. "Malta." Oil Novonbar 1st, 1892, I he "City of Alexandria" was blown up a nul Inimt »»ff Cuba, with thf Iomh of live*; and in 1893 an attempt was nude to destroy the "(Tty of Wash Lug tom," owned by the same American company
mnchine, which, a* usual, failed to go off, was dihiyuvored In a rather curi-
fo scatter these germs
Pickled—Pare and if large, cut in greatest barrier to their advancement
furniture is bad halves.
Weigh, and for every 7 lbs. ie cleanliness in all surroundings, and enough, but more dangerous is it to I allow 4 lbs of white sugar, 1 pt. of | the same is true in the orchard. If distribute them over pictures and I best vinegar
over
and 1-2 pt. of water, the work has not been done in the walls, whore they secrete theIves I Let this syrup come to a boil, then fall, before the leaves fell, the dead
with malicious intent. I his is not for every quart add 1 tablespoon limbs should be cut off in the spring
to achieve th it cleanliness which is | each of cinnamon and pounded mace and burned, together with all the dead
next to godliness, but rather to | tied in a piece of muslin; simmer for | wood that has fallen in the orchard spread evil in the bouse
10 minute». Put in pears and keep ; during the winter. The orchard ju*t simmering for 1-2 hour, or until j should be more cmrefully raktsl over quite tender. Lift out carefully, put I than the lawn, for the reason that Into jus. boil the syrup a few minute», pour it ltoiling hot over the peart and seal at once.
And let not the housewife fondly Imagine btHMU.sc she rigorously a[v plica her broom on th' carpet that she is getting out the dirt, even if she h ta at one end of the mom the accummulated dirt—enough, perhaps to fill her dust pan of the pudding" ia no proof at all, though she h is always at the end of her labor been want to regard the pile with tremendous satisfaction. 1 hat was because she was merely an energetic house w life and tiat, a
she was wielding her broom she doing two reprehensible things—one, rubbing down through the carpet with every stroke twice as much dirt as was visible on the surface, and the other, waft lug upwaixl rents germ tainted flacoulent dust The only proper carpet is to have it taken up wtnsk and beutan out of doors. But this would increase the labors of housec leaning, and dismay even that energetic type of housewife who delights in perpetual cleaning to the terror and discomfort of the line sex.
ODDS AND ENDS.
some of the orchard invita live over the branche», even on those that have fallen. This gathered brush should not even go to the woodpile, if the latter is near the orchard. The writer remembers a woodpile that was a part of A great orchard, and to that woodpile was brought all the limbs and other material that came
There are fifty-six Chinese newspa-
pers in Chinn.
A member of Parliament making a speech averages one hundred word* a minute.
Of the total area of the Japanese Empire—147,(100 square miles—hardly 12 per cent, is cultivated.
The smallest coin now current in out of the orchard. The piles of brush 1 Europe is the Greek lepton. It is would remain far more than a year worth one-tenth of a penny.
Under British rule the cotton crop of Egypt has doubled and now amounts to over 500,000,000 lbs. a year.
When the railway across Siberia is completed, the journey from London to Japan will be made in

Baked—Pag* and halve 12 fine ripe pear*, Icare stems on and remove the
This "proof
out
Place in u baking pun, add
com*.
The “Ouata I in” went blind only while the two la die» admired the men at tho wheel ; but there are several cases an record of a w hole ship's company being utrioken with blind-Hicns. If the officers go blind, they can set no omnse; if the helmsman is blind, he might ua well be dead; if the oook is Mini, he can prepare no food, if the KiiIons are blind, theyi con uei-tii^vr work the ship nor even attend to their own wants. Such was the fate
the juice and thin yellow rind, cut in strip», of 1 lemon and water to cover.
a few cloves
Bike In a slow
oven for 5 or ü hours.
Candied —Cover fine ripe pears with
water, and simmer gently until ten- I some times, and the enemies of the
t u scien-i did not know that while
•ft
•re
der, but not broken
Lift out care- | orchard found in t hrm a safe harbor Measure the
was
miny
fully into cold water
When trees have Men killed with water they were cooked in and to ! the scale it will not be safe to try to etch 1-2 pi. put 2 cups of white t-uz.t r | mi ore them for firewood, and t he same and let come to a boil
In this case thd
Put In the I might be said of peach tribes that have P*»rs and simmer for 5 minutes. Re- | yielded to attacks of the yellows, peat for 3 day», but simmer ID min- ! Let the fire do its work at once, for it
thirteen
ui air cur-
days.
About 8(55 tons of gold are in actual circulation as money in England, that Ming the weight of £110,000,000 sterling.
o.f the nrew of the ship "James Simp-
ou* way.
Oui' of the choflts of tea in the
son," who caught a strange dLeas * on the const of Africa
way to clean a utt\s the third day
Keep the pears I j8a safe agent. No scale of fungous in th* syrup I he day Mfare, want- gt»,nn van stand its purifying effects, ed, remove from the syrup and let J jt wj|i catch many em inies that the dry in a oool n. There is no
They hud a terrible time; but after, it seems, drifting far many days, at the mercy of wind and sea, they one by one
once a
ciTgo had a rancid wndl, which was traosd to a piece of g ready paper irv This greasy paper proved to
Charles Broadway Rons*, the blind millionaire, is an accomplished pianist, and spends an hour at his piano every evening of his life.
The most expensive legislature in the world is that of France, which costs annually £720,000. The Italian Parliament costs £81,000 a year.
It is claimed that phosphate of ammonia mixed with starch used in the laundry will render the fabric treated with it comparatively fireproof.
The first law in Scotch tartans is that every'‘A rip, of whatever breadth or colour, must be the same in both the length and breadth of the web.
The clove supply of t he world is produced on the islands of Zanzibar and Pemba. Cloves wore at one time the only economic product supplied to foreign countries by Zanzibar.
Northern Europe contains the following estimated number of total abstainers : Sweden 200,000 ; Norway,
eye of man nevttr detects
hide.
he t.h« wrapping <xf an infernal-ma-
delirious, sweetmeat for festive occasions than candied peara.
RECOVERED THEIR SIGHT
KEEP EGGS FRESH
The French ship "Le Rôdeur" left | n<x
- * — - -	«-1 ‘ZSf'SEZ
of which ship his nevwr Men ac-
Alao nome bombs were board a aaillng-abiA the
explosives were
The great secret in keeping eggs contests in entirely excluding the air
rnascu-
NICKNAMES
froan the interior. The lining next to
Ulven to Some Inm.ui People by Their] ^ mbeli is. when in its natural state
4 .ilia 1 Friend*
As an expedient, therefore, and a
owly-icwt a nee
counted f<nr found <«i Cyrus Wakefield."
ease spread first among the negroes —they hid brought it on board—and the symptoms were these ; At one
substitute for the broom, the carpet •weeper is permitted according to hygienic law

impervious to air, and the albumen is Sir Isaac Newton was commonly | calculated to sustain it, but dainp-knawaa as the * I* resident,” this name
This modern impie
ness and heat will cause decay, and Ming given him by reason of the fact ^ ,be egg is allowed to lie in onepuai-thit he was the first President of tion. especially upon one side, the the Royal Society. Robert Stephen- yi>|k sinks through the albumen and ¦n, the engineer, was “Rocket,
moment a min was quite well; at the noxt stone blind, wit b wide open and I
nient is scorned by wive*, but it now behooves them to
leearn it» worth
many house-
very bright eyes.
At finit the captain threw the blind W iyew to the shirks
Rubbed gently raises no germ
NO DANGER OF OVERCROWDING
over the carpet it tainted, flocculent dust, but picks up ami throw* into a receiving chamber all the dirt, thereby achieving •nil c lea alineas beyond the power of the broom.
Mr. M. G. Mulhall says there is no to fear overcrowding on this
The area
in set lie» upon the lining, and, not pos-inemary of the first locomotive turn- I abasing proper qualities for préservai out by him, which was thus named, jng (Lis skin in a healthy condition, and tiilviiui, the renowned electri- ^ dries and air penetrates and Mgins ci in, was "Proggie," the term Ming | thy woirk Qf destruction, applied to bim owing to the toot that
TJu*
reason
globe for many centuries
of the United States, excluding
Alaska, Is just, 3,000,000 square miles;
the average density of the New Eng-ing that fred, air and exerobw might L d gtat— u Wventy-one inhabitants
help to cure them.	to the square mile, eo that it may be
By this time all the slaves were |Mid ^tt the Union could easily sup-blind.
ship was very short of water, and he had to save tbs supply somehow. Then he gave that up, and released the whale company of his negroes, hop-
i geu-
Where eggs are set upon their oue of his important discoveries was I aauan *nds the yolk is much less liable made through experimenting with | to reacb the liining o{ the ahell. Where frog a,
Along with the broom is condemned the "despicable fe.ilher duster" which many women swish over walls and furniture under the mistaken Impression that they are removing dust
loyal to the feather duster, when it seems as if to the simplest mind the fact would M apparent that the feather duster merely scatters the dust.
egg* are packed in a barrel, keg or bucket, it is a good plan to turn the whole quantity on to a different It U small wonder that, with the | aide once in a while.
and, in their despiir, they ! port 210,000.000, or three times its pre-
w<ml l throw thwnselves overboard ^nt.population. Meantime other vest
locked In each other's arms. To dis- | fieMa are opening to invite immi-
oourage tbit, the captain shot a few granta. Canada, Brazil, Spanish Ameri-
of them. The French crew presently ^ and Australia are each of them
caught the disease, alm ost all Ming | larger thin the United State». Each of
stricken; and it was then that "Le them cvuid fini room for 200,000,000
settlers.
HOMES FOR HORSES
Hundreds of housewives are
200 000; Denmark, 100,000; and Finland 20,000—an aggregate of 580,0(0.
The great Spaniau palace, the Escur-ial, is so large that it would take The value of puire bred and Lmprov- | f<Jllv jays to go through all the rooms tient servants, England should lead I swine for feeding ia shown very an(] apartments, the length of the the way in establishing a hospital clearly in some feeding teats recently Way Ming reckoned at twenty-three for the invalil and the aged, where conducted by the Kansas Experiment Spanish leagues, which is about 120 the less opulent among horse-own- I Station. They fed a lot uf pure bred | English miles.
Berk»h ire: and VoLand-Chinas, as well
English love for horses, and under some sense of tha tremendous debt we owe to those intelligent and pa-
SCRUB HOGS MUST GO
Rôdeur" apoke a Spanish slaver, the "Leon."
The captain of the "Leon" called out tbit himself and all his cirew were suffering from total blindness, and bogged for the Frenchman’s help. No help could M given, and the Spanish ship was never heard of again. As to "I» Rôdeur," who reached the Went Indies,
STEERED BY ONE MAN out of 182 who still hid the u*e of hi* eyes. He brought the vessel into the harbor of Guadalupe, and directly afterwards went blind. It 1» not knrxwn whether these people «red.
To bo strictly hygienic and up io date all the cleaning of a h»use
SWIFTEST VESSEL AFLOAT.
The highest speed ever attained by a steamer has just been recorded by the i Viper, a torpedo boat destroyer of 380 tons, built to the order of the Brit-jish Admirality. Ibis swift torpedo boat destroyer is the invention of ! Charles A Parsons, who had already presaged his great triumph by the then unique performance of the Tur-binia some years ago. The trial was made- over the measured mile off the mouth of the Tyne. In her firt run the Viper covered the measured mile at the rate of 36 585 knots; in the next run her speed was only 35503 knots. Her highest rate was 37.113 knots, or 43 miles an hour, a speed at which only express trains travel.
should be. done with a <1 imp mop and soft cloths.
Carpets should be banished along with the broom and feather duster, and on the oil finished floors should be rugs thut can be
era mi y give their old favorites n peaceful autumn to their industrious live*, and where the poor man's beast Is provided with rest, c ire, and doctoring to bring him as comfortably as may be through the ailments of horseflesh ami aend him back to the shifts
A strange thing about the house as s< ine mixed-bred hogs such as are cat is that, if allowed to run wild in kept by the average Kansas farmer, the country and get its food by kill-lt was found it would take from 10 jng rabbits, chickens, and such live to 30 per cent, more feed for 100 things, it will gradually, but surely pounds of grain for the mixed hogs take the colour and stripes of the re-
easily removed and beaten out of doors.
Rooms cleaned with a mop are never filled with clouds of dust
than for the pure breeds. Nostrong- gular wildcat, and act and live like er argument can be presented in favor one.
of better breeding than this quea- In Switzerland bread seems to play tion of feeding, which *o materially a more prominent part as food thin affects the profits. In the lot of hogs m any other country except France, purchased there were some well-built It furnishes 70 per cent, of the nour-pigs that would stand heavy feeding ishment of the 3,000,000 inhabitants in and make good returns for the feed the Swiss Republic. In England bread consumed, but there were two un- forms less than 50 per cent, of the
settling down again in nooks and sound and well. But even in Eng-ootmers, and the mop does its work land the ultra-gratitude of min has on the floor thoroughly. The furni- probably not often left horse or tare of the room should then be care- donkey mourning. The Home of fully wiped with soft cloths, which Rest hid had but some thousand intake up every ves,tige <>f dust blow n mates; aud how many th mounds of in from the outside, and thus the horses are there in London alone
recov-
in 1^1)3 the crow o»f tb * German hur-q ue " Wa 11 is din," crossing (hi Atlantic from Savannah. caught some
nom Is purified and made hygienical- [who stumble along in jided wealin' , and at I die for want "f a few weeks in such a hospital ? How many who, when infirmity shall have robbed them of the powers they hive obediently and gallantly exercised
ly clean.
profitable classes which are common food.
to hogs throughout the country. One In Ruaeiia there are only 743 news-class has gotd h nd quarters, but is p^pera, or one to every 170,000 people. Low (m front and weak in the heart. Le Petilt Journal of Pari» has the Such hogs get off f-el eas ly and wi 1 j largest daily circulation in the world uot aland heavy feeding, while their averaging 1,000,000 copies; the paper constitution is not strong and they which has the smallest is the Imperial easily succumb to disease. The other Review, published for the sole benefit unprofitable class is the fine-boned. 0f the Emperor of Austria. It is short, block y chunk. I he type t he	up from translation of nil the
feeders often breed for. The chunk principal item» in European papers.
is quickly f	I but will not eat | and ih>* daily « d t ion is t J, e copies.
From Philadeh h. i -‘Mues the very g), to mak | ibl# gain#
•brauge, Unknow n f i h in the Gulf St.rea in
The fish was poisonous, and the whole wldp's company of fourteen
AN AÜS1UALIVN DRINK BILL
WITH PEARS.
Jelly.—Select very juicy, rich flavored pears, remove blossoms, divide into sections, but do not core or pure.
Allow 1 lb. of tart, juicy apple* tu
ever, 3lib. U pea»	Put into a .	^ ^	at ,mr hand,
preserving kettle, add a very little | bu( tha wagee <>( deathf cold water and simmer gently until
Pour into a
lbei drink bill of New South Wales
\\ ' ¦» •rendered help- I jus, been Msplitid by the Rev. lew with h trribJe i>.in and swelling#
of the body
so
men
for our pleasure or our profit heartles'ly doomed to an old ago of or who, honest and faithful)
a re
For last ve ' r it is e.sti-
V. B. Bo)ce
The captain says that ten time* lie signalled to steamer's ftxr help, without one of them stopping to render assistance.
mated that the amount spent on intoxicating liquor was £1,103,913, and as the mean population was 1.345,246, the amount spent per head was £3 5s. Id!

iius^ry
Twice the h“lples« vessel weathered severe storms, but la time the supplies failed buth of food and water-, and the barque, drifting in mid-ocean, seemed likely noon to be minned only by the dead
found by the German liner ." and Dr
The Cohi-nists are evidently .aa fond of their heeva* ih.* inhabitant#
the fruit is very soft course cotton big, hang on a strong h,*Jtk and let drip over night
squeezed, the jelly will bo cloudy, j latent story „f c >mmer< Rerpri e , , ,u. hog* that made the beat ». ns ml FAMILIES OF EUROPEAN SOV-Mei.sure 1 h<* juice and to 1 pt. allow |Mi Jacobus Hope, of that city, has j	experiments were well boued I	EREIGN9.
snake market
CORNERING THE SNAKE MARKET.
If
of the mother country, for over 13 000,000 gallons of beer we re consumed as
compared with alight 1 y < r 1,000,000 gallon» of spirits fix ri, as during hurt year no fewer than 893,060 gallon# of drunk
So the barque was
and
the juice of 1 lemon, and 3-4 lb. of cornered Ike granulated sugar. Bring the juice p/tnow, anacondas, boa constrictors,
quickly to Ike bailing point and boil ribbon snakes, adders - all ore coming
'into his net. Re buys them, by the snake but by
with both fore and hind quarters well
Wines also seem
There i» not a reigning Soveregn in | Europe whose family le -f the nation 1 with legs of over which he rules
rn*
developed, rather rangy, through the heart Lur length.
ILienel sent in n
The House of
wine were The drink bill f*>r 1898 \\ a# £1,243,209, or £3 4s. 2d. per head of the population.
bv; t
H f aol t h»* ore \ suffering from some horrible disp.se, and enormously swollen, but fccuceeded in saving the lives of all except one man, the mate* who died in hi* arms. The "Spree" wnt a supply of food and water, and the barque
RESUMED HER VOYAGE.
r Tiler asdstance
rapidly for 20 minutes, skim-
In the meantime I not
Austria La in reality tlie House of Lorraine, the Hapaburgs being of Swiss
roi l.TRY POINTERS.	I origin. The King of Belgium to a
.	,	<r v Saxe-Coburger. The King of Den-
Keep one cock for 10 to 15 hens. |	^, u a g^elner. The young
Let the fowls fast a few hours be- ^ Qf	^ an Austro-Dourbon.
fore killing.	The King of Italy is a Savoyard. The
lf»ns lay best at the ago of one 1 ° | founder, of the Bernadette dynasty in
two year#.
Always give fowls plenty of fresh
very
ruing as needed
pn he sugar ia an ear rn disk in |thc foot or the yard. He will supply the oven to heat, stir frequently. It zoological gardens and shows all must not brown, or the color of the over the world, and says he cannot
If the oven is fill his orders fast enough.
HE WAS ONE.
Noah Tall—What’s the matter? You look mad.
E. %. Mark—I am mad. I bought a pet monkey for my buy yesterday, and the beast died this morning dealer simply swindled me.
Nunlr Tali—11a, you should have consulted somebody before buying it. Next time you want a monkey send 'or me.
ÿdly will be ruiiv-d too hot leave the door ajar
the juice his bulod sufficiently, draw the kettle to the hick of the range, add sugar, stir until dissolved, and b4.1 1 minute longer
As soon
SWEETER THAN SUGAR.
My little baby,
Little boy blue,
Is sweeter than sugar And cinnamon, too.
Isn't this precious Darling of ours tweeter than date#
And cinnamon flowers.
as
Sweden was a country attorney at
Not long ago a whole ship pany was kidnapped
Pau, in Italy, less than a century and pure water.	Ia quarter ago, and the King of the
Hens over two years of age make Helleoe^s is a HoUteiner. The Hohen-
s rom-On the WV-t Uoaat of America there is a sailor's
The
Pour into 1 set aside for 2
jelly tumblers a
i
Canned—Pare, halve
Throw ànto cold water to

the best flitters.
Fowl» must have a range or a supply of green food.
Then ever as usual
zollern/s were originally Swabians, Ming therefore partly Bavarian# and partly Swiss.
uni»\n, famous for its lawlessness. ThU Is the lib nr union which, at San FrunoiMO, once blew up a large nail-
ed remove
!
core*.







I
###PAGE###7###

\

HIS FATHER’S BURGLAR DOG.
My father snatched up bla revotant! rushed clow net.» 1rs, and I
I'he kitchen, was In Tu hi w and o ha Ira were
Peculiar Chinese Ideas.
but CURIOUS FACTS ABOUT ANIMALS
large mum, a* we have seen
WHAT BRITISH ELECTIONS COST*
lot hi Dg like go ottoh as in Ha! nidging from the figure/» published in con- * <>rimo Among He*»is 4.1 ranee* Out mil
nection with the recent Parliamentary elections, which oost the Government
£1.200,090 and tlm candidates a further ihi' Larfftwt (ft a11 terrestrial ani-expenditure oi £3,200,000. in some die- ”vile. among marine animals there triets the unfortunate deputy having are ®<*pha!c>pods or ink fietm, which	t
as much as £H for each btiV*	iL*	a" a P,aLe* A
tiger with a glass eye is something
ve<r
Jerome K. Jerome Tell* Alunit A Mr hr me for II «nue*,*l,| lBr m| eel Ion.
A great man/ burglaries had lately ta’xMi place in our neighborhood and father came to the ooncluadon that It wan time he bought a dog thought a bulldog would be the best f°*r his purpose, so be pu retied the mxf*t savage a nut murderous-looking specimen that be could find.
My mother was alarmwt when she •a w the dog
going to let that brute loose about the house 1" she exclaimed. "He'll kill somebody. I can see It in his face."
"I want him to kill somebody,'
plied my father, "I want him to kill burglars."	man, sitting up and speaking in a •present assemblage of faithful eom-
"I don't like to hoar you talk like	°	but ndt unnatural in- moners if they elected to keep their
that, Tb>m.m," anvW,ro<l mother. "It s ,<>m' of fitter but not unnatru.il in- present seats until September 19th,
not like you. XVe ve a right to pro- my <ll"v' lh,t'H w 1	'«re
trot oui- property, but we've no right a blLrg,ar 8ottlu# ln through the j For the privilege of sitting and take a fellow human creature's life." w'bw,<>w« 1 juet follows my gentle- voting in the «acred precincts of St
"Our follow human créa tuns will mAn *** aM*e ln ***** im ' he all right so long as they don't come	you catch him ?" asked iny fa- premium of about £710, a mum many
Into ouïr kitchen when they've no f h<sr*	men would probably be willing to pay
business there," retorted my father	* ca’oh im almost <*h indeed jf insured them a seat in the House,
somewhat testily. "I'm going to fix	toatl "Ow ooul l Hi catch im	ns a matter of fact, the average
up t.hb <iog in the scullery and if a w*'b tblt blasted dog of yours 'old- contest costs £1,481; consequently,* if burglar own** fooling around—well	me down by the throat, while ’e expenses are pretty evenly divided, the
lights 'ia pipe and walks out by the | losing candidate in each receives no
return for his expend!i ure of the remaining £740 that brings up the total to the afore-mentioned amount other
followed him.
Soling Ie*|irr Hoitlil larjiel Two 11 Mm of llir railin' of 41, mirnfii # r.
-iilrt,!,' 4 Fiitnhv Thai « an Halit
oonfuxdosi
oi turned, and bn th«- floor lay a man gurgling for help was standing over him choking him. The pater held his revolver to the
Even when lie has mixed for year» with Europeans, no Chinaman will lift a finger to save a drowning mt*,
Hornes, giraffes and ostriches have
Although nothing certain Is known respecting the date of the forthcoming General Election, there is, however, n
the dog
white or yellow. It Chinamen in • see a man drowning near them they row off as quickly as they can, foi even to make a show of rescuing a
He
prêt ty general tOBMOUU of opinion lain’» «Ir, while I, by nup rhumiin ef- tJvlt lt wil| not lle (leierro(1 to the next
f.xrt, <lr.iggi«l our prewrvar away and ,.entur,, not with t» ruling the fact thnt
oh tliu«l him up to the sink, after tIwre are doubt less many memhors
who, in view of the expense an elec-
Then we precelved that the gentle-* tion puts them to, would prefer thnt
man oo the floor was a police oon- Fier Majesty’s fourteenth Parliament
stable.
to pay recorded vote
of a caitriiusity; there is one at the fellow-creature Stuttgart menagerie, and its glass eye "riv«i* god looks as fierce as its real one
offend lbs
would
w'hieh 1 lit the gas.
Within recent years certain Chinese boat men who had bees
SURPRISING STATISTICS
"Surely you're not
A gxvrfect Cyrano among beasts is i in European employment for years at (h« coati, which La found on Ih-vil’s shanghai calmly watched I he Spanish Inland; for its size—about that of a , Consul there drown, and then they cat—it has the largest nose of any made haste to tlie Consulate to tell hi# known animal. Its head is pyramid colleagues that he was drowned, a ni eh-ii>ed, With jaws like an alligaior s. to ask for u reward for the informait usee its forepaws to carry its food yon
to its mouth as u squirrel does. I his W hen rescued from I he water t hem-
animal is found on the island Drey- selves they heap abuse on their deliver-'i ' > a < ity fu^	,,|,, famous and nowhere else
A < oUrrllon of Inh rrwtlnx Ta fit From
4M Over llir World.
Only 5 per cent of the capital of Hi4* Uni tod States is owned by mil-litfruiiiree. The average wealth - per iuh i bit ant us $1050. Over 3.000,000 of tin- population are Ln annual need and actually receive scene kind of charitable assistance. In New there aie on an average more than 100,000 unemployed persons.
should Iwat all previous records in its "Good ho i vena 1" exclaimed my fa- duration. This record is at present thor, dropping the revolver, "how held by the sixth Parliament, which evwr did you come here ?"
Oxv <lid I come'ere Î” retorted the 6th, lRfl5, and could he beaten by the
lasted from May 31st 1R5Î), to July
re-
tt t

on
for i tie river god, fobbed of them
terrible
I 1901.
ers
earth. At the Museum of Natural for a |jrne
History, Paris, there is a single sped- revenge afterward More than 2000 people earn a living men, which im attracting in net at in Paris by fortune telling, their total ! ten lion.
will have a
I n t he case of
one of the awful floods, .such as des-
Stephen’s the average MP., pays a
ti thousands of lives in China, they | A snake which uses its backbone do nothing but throw thousands of over 100,000 for a walking stick li the puff-adder flaring fireworks into the raging children gain th of South At os, the hvmi deadly • •• daily bread entirely by poc-kotpicking. serpent in the world More than 15.000,000, visits are pawl swim, and, more
v earnings l*',ng estima at $-'.000,000. In London
W H-
nv n, women and
They «Sen set adrift rafts with It can climb fire* burning upon them, with the wonderfully still, object of propitiating the river "joss.” actually	walk. It moves forward	When such a flood sweeps them and
Over $1,000,000	worth of	diamonds	without	any deviation or wriggling,	their wooden houses away they make
are stolen every year from the South	: Wave-like motion twee along his	no effort to escape. Quite recently a
African diamond mines. During the	®*dea, or his ribs move backward	i British n ival officer, who fished a
bust twenty-five years the American an<i forward like legs, beneath the number of much unfortunates out of "fought" the meat	people have imported $180,000 worth skin; these motions are similar to the the water, bad to tie them down on
The fir«t rule in visiting U that the I Although there woe im IR95 an army l>(	»ton«s.	.mdutotory motion of Ui« legs of »tl* deck of bia «learner, lest they
older	resident* oall on	the	newoonjere,	0f B'lx	nml onc-third	million*	of	elec-	11 n quaree an average ol more timn	millipede. The enake doe* not l*nd	«h-mld jump Loto I he water again,
and	not	vice	verea.	Thu.	refers,	of	tom	in	the	United	Kingdom,	only	4.-	»•«».«» P™ per day to sustain die-	hi* «pine while walking, nor deviate	Then they set to reviling him,
to a first call, which should al- rhTooq, or 72 per cent., proceeded to *«»‘«l «tort waiet*. replace missing	«ne jot	from a straight «wimm. r.	and asking "Has not the river god
' suspender buttons	and meet	the other	Giraffes can perform as many gym-	taken our home, only to be cheated of
j n as tic feats as a circus contortionist ourselves f How da re the foreign de-—that ifl, with their necks, which are mon interfere with our "joss-pidgin f*
' so easily broken that when the a ni- When such a disaster occurs it is mal wishes to commit suicide it twists	the result of i huge water snake hav-
its neck about until it snaps, and	ing been offended and having then
when defense is no Longer possible,	eaten a great chunk out of some era-
the animal destroys itself. A full	bankment. It must be propitiated
annualy to London pawu shops
that’s his affair."
The old folk» quarreled on. and off for about a mont h over this dog. The 4ad thought the mater absurdly sentl-mvtal and the mater thought the dad unneotwtiirily vindictive. Meanwhile the dog grew more ferocious looking every day.
One night my mother woke my father up with? "Thomas, there’s a burglar downstairs, I’m positive, I distinctly heard the kitchen door open."
"Oh. well, the dog's got him by
now	then,"	murmured	my	father	settles down in the place where she has	votes amounting to £1158,531, a	sum	the united States over	one	billion
who	had	heard	nothing	and	was	Previously lived with her parents her	which if taken in sovereigns	would	grains of	th<-	national drug—quinine
position is that of a newcomer, and	provide sufficient to form fifteen	—coating	over	$1,500,000
hhf waits for the other residents to call	columns of gold each as high as	West-
back doort"
That dog was for sale the next day
than the barren honour of having
RULES FOR VISITING
course,
ways l>e returned promptly, if posai- the various polling stations to record , j hie, on the day “at home1’ of the lady | their vote, the aggregate cost to the	, "f 'hr American peop e.
Even when a bride 1 respective candidates who received the	Last year there were imported into
who has called
sleepy.
"Thomas," replied my mother severely, "I’m not going to lie hero while a fellow area lure is being murdered by a savage beast. If you wont go down and save that will.”
"Oh, bother," said my father, preparing to get up. "You're always fancying you hear noises. I believe that's all you women come to bed for —to ait up and listen for burglars." Just to satisfy her, however, he pulled on Ills trousers and soaks and went dow n.
Well, sure enough, my mother was right tbs tune. There was a burglar In the house. The pantry wintry window stood open and a light was shining in the kitchen. My father crept softly forward and pepped through the partly open door. There eat the burglar, eating cold beef and pickles, and there, beside him, ou the floor gazing up Into his face with a blood-curdling smile of affection, set that idiot of a dog, wagging his tail.
My father was so taken aback that he forgot to keep silent.
"Well, I'm----," and he used a word
that I should not care to repeat.
The manufacture and sale of dolls
upon her first. The hours for cere- minster Clock Tower, and yet leave jji Europe exceed 20,000,000 per year., montouA vl-iting are from 3 to 8o'clock. £38,4001 over to make a pathway of On* firm in Varie turns out 2000 dolls «,own «ira"e ^ never °apturwl; tb,‘ wilh u llve or w,me otber an,mel-On arrival at the house the visitor in- : sovereign» 85in. wide that would pro- a day, and many oth„r house» make i uni,nel prefcrrin« deatb' Tbere are Tbere “r" milli(,M "f etream*- F”01' quire» if the mistress j, et h«wne, and ' need the whole length 70ft., of the even larger numbers. China export» but few 8pecinw‘ns in =apl,vity. At «nd oaves all over (tie country that when the answer is in the negative she Commons Debating Room.	11.000,000 fans yearly.	0,ne Um<! tbere waa on!y one 10 Eng‘ harbor monstroo» dragons and snakes
leaves cards. If the answer be in the	The number of electors, according 0yer 170 0(J0 ^brellas are ,eft in Land' an<1 but few in continent, that must have sacrifice offered to
affirmative the lady enters the house to the latest available statistics, who j Lon(JoI| ^lic ^nvèynnoe. every without further remark, hand» her , are entitled to vote nt the next Gen- yftar TWe ttre aaid to over 400 ca,rd to the servant and follow, her «rad Election stands at 6,000,^83 and | „„„ ^ m	hal, are
if 72 per cent, of the same record tbcir [
votes, as on the last occasion, we find	,
name for a town in England us Newton, which occurs no fewer than twenty-two time#.
Of the 4110 varieties of flowers known and cultivated in Europe scarcely 400 have any odor, and of these nearly fifty have an odor which i#, if anything, disagreeable.
u’s life I
ifif
There is no animal in a menagerie th«im constantly
There la no form of robbery at which
which gives its keeper more trouble Quite aa rare as a giraffe Is a Chinamen are #o expert as "damage-
There is only one in getting." And Europeans have to guard
I black lioness
captivity; this is in the Jardin des against this form of blackmail night Plante#, Parie. Lions of this color and day. Even when the meanest coolie are found only in the interior of the i# slightly injured by a European the Sahara, and are scarce even there
to the drawing room.
The servant, with a small tray or salver in readiness, receives the card upon it, and either carries it to the mist ress or else, having ascertained by this means the visitor’s name, deposit# it on the hall table, and, preceding the visitor, announces her name clearly and distinctly. A servant, by the way, should never knock at the drawing room door in announcing visitors, but throwing it well open, and standing inside the doorway, facing her mistress, should say: "Mrs. A." or "Mima B.” If, however, the lady of the house is not in the room, she requests the visitor to be seated while she goes in search of her. On leaving the hou < the husband's card should be left on the hall table in passing out.
When one visitor arrives immedi-
i
that an army of voters 4,752,200strong will proceed to the polls, though, fortunately, not all at once, in view! of the fact that a procession comprised of much a multitude if they were marshalled sixteen abreast with a yard interval between each rank, would extend from the Palace of Westminster along the Holyhead Road as far as Whittington, which is seventeen miles beyond Shrewsbury, or along the Great North Road to Robin Hood’s Well which is six miles beyond Doncaster.
whole native population, which t -unta
The industry shown by ants is ap- criminals being starved to death in a
cries for They deliberately throw
palling. In South America they have cage in the public streets been known to construct a tunnel damages.
three miles in length. The small red themselves under the wheels uf tbs
ant of India is so small that it takes vehicles of white people
,,ff eet adrift on tin- rivers very old and
rice in tne	world, the	average being	| a tiny grain iof wheat, yet they will	rotten junks, that the steamers of the
1 he	carry one of these grains 1000 yards	foreigner rn;l3' 1 un 'hem down. They
, American#	use but four pounds per	to the.iir nest. One ant which was	^iave speculative lawyers/ who live
capita. Belgium uses	mi/re tolxicco.	placed m a saucer with some larvae	entirely by I his sort of case, and if
And 1 hey
Japan is the largest consumer of .about twelve of them to
carry
300 pounds per person a year
in proportion, than any other country worked from 6 in the morning until ^ matter go to I he Courts the w hite
It should perhaps be mentioned
ini calculating the length of the voters’ about HO ounces par capita yearly, io at night and carried 187 of the j raan ** Put tr> endless trouble and expense. A merchant who has been 20
procession no allowance has been made "bile Italy uses only 22 ounces.
More candy is consumed in New
Larvae to her nest
the Jekire *n Canton declares that he had some 200 damage-geti ing actions in all brought a gain At him, and has seen cases of shamming that have astounded European doctors.
Afl for the damaged junks, the foreign demon’s pi o: does nor even beat a gong perpetu;illy, or burn hits of
for plural voters, for the reason that
no statistics regarding their number York, Philadelphia and Chicago than elephant beetle of Venezuela, which are available. Of these plural voters im the whole of France.	sometimes weighs half a pound
probably Mr. Hudson E. Hear ley, one	A silver	coin is usually in currency	Cey|on yellow spider weighs nearly a
The burglar, hearing him, made a	ately afler another tlm hoete-w should	„f the Liberal member» for Devonport,	fur about	twenty-seven years, There	p,>un,i. Now and then one has been
dash and got clear off by the window *™wee equally wi h both, a nrt e	the greatest number of votes are about 199,000,000 old-fashioned. foun(] to weigh 9 ounces
bought it.	servant to open the front door. She	Wlt^ a tuta °* twenty-three lurlia-	The first	four weeks after the open-	true, however, that before taking the
- "What do your think I wanted this	«hould always rise and shake hands	mentaI> votes’ ^ventoeu of which he	jng ihe	elect rice railroad at Cairo	form of a butterfly it ho* lived three
dog for ?" asked my father, trying to	with her guests when arriving or leav-	,€Ct>rd€(I for Conservative candidates	Egypt, no	loss than eighty parsons	years as a worm. During this time
•peak calmly.	ing, whether a lady or a gentleman various parts of (he country in 1% Were killed. Since that time the ; it Live# in ou- near the water; the
A considerable amount of the sum weekly average of victims is seven or change to an ephemera is so sudden expended on the occasion of a General	This high rate of casualties is 1 that one has not the time to see it.
Election goes into the pocket of the (|ue in p^t to defective eyesight-eye ' printer, paper-maker, and bill-»ticker; diee<Waa prevailing in Egypt, and of the remainder the returning-offioere and their assistants receive a
The La/rgefit known insect is
-
The
The learned native doctor who attends thr* Chinaman sells to his patients plasters which they can put on anywhere they like, for the plaster will, of itself, infallibly move to the spot where the pain is must never wash, or they will become fishes when dead.
Many strange things have been said about the Chinese anticipating certain European customs and inventions, and it is a fact that for thousands of years the Chinese medicos have employed massage, a "kneading-stick," with a sort of V at one end of it tiding commonly supplied to im tient# that they can prod themselves all over
dog that bit you," is illustrated m the Flowery Land, for all dog biles must be bound up with fur from the animal that inflicted the wound. One of the reasons given to our Government by the authorities at Peking against steamers being run on a certain mighty river was that the monkeys that l>ordered the stream were so numerous and savage that they would infallibly seize and wreck the big boats and kill the British officers ou board. Perhaps the only invention regarded with any favor by the Chinese Government was the galvanic l/.ttery, am to which the Imperial Chancellor
"What a capital thing for examining accused persons!"
Well," replied the trainer, "you j |)Ut it not necessary for any other
vieitor to do so, except in the case of a
¦aid you wanted a good house dog."
H:s patients
"Exactly	answered the dad. "I I man, who, on 1 he entrance of any
didn't ask far a burglar's compan- 1 ladies with whom he is acquainted, ion, did If I didn't my I wanted a j would naturally rise from his seat and
dog who'd ohum with a burglar th«	bow to them.	fair proportion in return for their
first time he ever ou me ta the hou^e.	It is not necessary to	introduce vlsi-	^runity of some GOO miles of voting-	: UAuall>r	brings 200«000 letters and 300
and sit with him while he had his tors to one another, but well-bred peo- papers, which would carpet the two Kucks newspapers for New York supper, In case be might feel lone- ! pie, though strangers, meeting one an-	ôf passage and corridors in the City’ iomy nothing of the 500 and odd
And my father re- | other at the house of a	mutual friend,	pa[aC€ 0i Westminster to the depth of	8acks	fl>r other places. In 1840 two
counted the Incidents of the previous	usually converse with one another if	fift^a layers, and yet allow the aver-	&'ICks	mail waa the average brought
the opportunity offers
The man agreed that there was | takes her departure a slight bow is some cause for complaint
TO BE HEALTHY

A transatlantic steamer, carrying what is called "a full European mail."
The requirements of health can be counted on the fingers of one hand. They are good food, suitable clothing, cleanliness and exercise and rest. The first two requirements affect the blood, and as the blood circulate# all over the body, including the brain, every pirt is affected. Fresh air affects the purity of the blood. The freshest air is out of doors, and
enane, did If"
When one
over by a steamer.
It is said that 250,000,000 microbes can stand ou a postage stamp with-
night
age width of the pathway to be 10ft
With the name voting-papers 122 rooms as large as the House of Lords, UP
When visitors are introduced	which is 07ft. long and 45ft. wide and	out	crowding.	The	name	of	the	man
my boy	Jim aa	trained this'ere dawg,	to one another by the hostess they	high cauid ^ papered from floor to	who	counted	them	is	not	given,
and I	guess	the young beggar's	; ehould merely bow, nor is it necessary	cemDgt a statement that will surprise
taught	'im more about tackling rats	to shake hands on leaving in this case	many voters familiar with the size of
You leave 'im with	either. The custom of offering tea ac-
"1*11 tell I exchanged ; but they do not shake
The phrase, "A hair from the
"It was I hands
you what it is, air," ho said
it is the duty of every one who wishes to bo in gqpd health to spend a certain amount of time in the open air. Good food Is not necessarily expen-
ExercLse and rest should
A VITRIFIED CLAY CHURCH

than burglars.
me for a week, sir; I'll put that all | campinied by scones, bread and butter, cake, or sandwiches is now almost
the voting-papers handed to them during the election season, but one which
Tho honour of building a temple give food without the sound of hammer has alternate and balance each other. It
right."
can be easily verified in ao much as We did ao, and at the end of the j universal, at whatever hour in the the combined areas .of all the votingtime the trainer brought him back afternoon a visitor may call. Coffee pape,, issued at a 1 General Election
is a iso prov ided by some hostesses» on
hitherto been held by Solomon, but the is quite possible to take too much exarchitect who designed the vitrified croise, and this side of the question clay church in Chicago competes pretty must bo guarded against as carefully closely with the learned king. There as tho other. Women, as a rule, do is not an inch of lumber or a nail in not rest sufficiently. Every moths whole structure. The entire ceil- nun should try during tin day to ing is of brick and tile vaulting the gAt a few minutes' rest, even if it key-stones being of terracotta, and the interferes with her regular work. It ribs of the arches and groins of mould- LS impossible far her to attend, to the
htfilth .ind welfare of her family if her own health suffers from overwork and lack of rest. She should follow' bar husband's example. Although he U buiy all day long, he generally makes it a hard and fast rule to rest during the evening in
again mÊM WÊÊ	_____
"You'll find 'im game enough now, | I heir "at home ’ days, a
ices or fruit, in the form of strawber-
Election amount in the aggregate to thirty-five acres, or almost four times the area of Westminster Palace, its courtyards and terraces.
If these voting-papers were all made up into packets and they were placed one on top of another there would, be sufficient to make fifty-eight columns each as high as the Victoria lower, i which raises itself to a height only 64ft. less than that of the cross of Et.
1 in summer

sir,*' maid the man. "'K alnt what I call an Intellectual dawg, but I think I've knocked the right idea Into im."
My father thought he'd like to test t.hr> mi tier, so we hired a mint for a shilling to break in thrugh the kit-cth«n window, while the trainer held the dog by a chain. The dog remained perfectly quiet until the man. warn fairly Inside, made one eavage spring at him, and if the chain had not been stout the fellow would have earned his shilling

ries and cream or fruit salad, are often served
nowadays understood to mean "not at home to visitors," so that it may safely be used without intending either an untruth or incivility.
The phrase "nob at home" is
ed brick.
delightedly exclaimed :
A CURIOUS STREET
ABOUT PAPER "HANGING."
Canton, China, possesses the queer-Paul’s, whilst the aggregate column est street in the \\„,ld would positively look down on Mont with glazed paper fastened on bam-Blanc. Ihe average cost per vote re- boo, and contains more signboards to oorded varies considerably all over the the square foot than any street in any cou n try
Then he
It is roofed in
Wall paper does not hang, and yet
the person whose business it is to
paste it up is called a paper hanger.
The reason is simple. Long before
. «	, the introduction of wall papers Arras,,	, w
The dad was satisfied, now that he	I town iQ FrSDC€ wafl famous for Its	^ In En«land and vv alee- where 10,881	shops	but	those of apothecaries and
could go to bod in peace; and the	| tapestries, called "arras." These were	ek€tore h»™ to **°ia in one member,	deni
mater’» alarm for thf safety of the	e, wall ^,ring, and the men	Mch reoo,ded vote ooetfl 4* 2d-: ^	priât»	name
Iwl burglars was proportionately	| ^ wer<| emp]oyfd to p„t th,m „	Scotland, when 9.321 elector» are given
ll»d ha ogere.	one repreeentetive, ta. 3d. is expended
on each vote, whilst Ireland, who has
hurricane which wrought wholesale destruction in Por-the best way, namely, by change of | to Rio0| in August 1899, was longer
lived than any storms hitherto reported. It lasted from August 3rd till August 21st, within which time it traveled between four thousand and five
The terrible
I
employment
dearly
other country. It contains no other
Physic Street is its appro-
WOMEN BECOMING BALD
Whether or no there la any truth in thousand miles
As the result of twenty- years of
the prediction of a pessimistic scientist
that, in another generation or two, I experiments at Rothamsted, it la The right way to handle this root is the human race will be comparatively | shown that in the winter months
Increased.
Months passed uneventfully by, and
then another burglar campled our	+	a member for every 7.000 electors, gets
tvaifle. Thk time there oould be no	off cheap thanks to the large proper- to treat it as a cultivated crop, same hairless and toothless, we know not. | more than half of the amount of rain
doubt that the	dog was doing some-	" The doctor says you ought	to	take	tion of members returned apoppoeed,	** you would parsnips. There is this	But it is certain that, from one cause	that falls penetrates into the moil,and
thing for hi» living. The din in the	life easier—to enjoy yourself	more."	atl ^ than 2s. 9d., the average price	difference, however, you raise a new	or another premature baldness is	becomes available	for the supply of
basement was	terrific. The h mac	" All right ; I’ll go take a trip	on	this	paid for each vote throughout the	cra*> ct horseradish by setting slips of	deplorably on the increase among	springs ; while in	the cummer only
shoo* with the	oonousaico of falling	money which I bad saved up	to	pay	^ntry being practically 4s. 21-2d.	roots the thickness of a pencil, three	not only the men but also the women	one-quarter of the	rainfall is absorb.
I which amounts in the aggregate to a li"*» ul<>w the ™rfaoe. Rich soil. l of to-day.	cd by the eoiL
HORSERADISH

on this hill."
bodies.
.


. v


###PAGE###8###

, «v













/
r
Great Sale !
U know U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
FALL TRADE
Follow the Crowd to
STEWARTS Boot and Shoe Store.
Why wait until the rush is on? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order now with us.
We invite the public to examine our
Large Stock of Serviceable Fall Goods:
Flannels,
Kerseys,
Yarns Blankets,
Great reduction in Prices during
the month of September.
!
Underwear,
Goats,
Overcoats,
Paqts,
Horse Blankets,
Heavy Canadian Tweeds, Skowhegan Oiltanned Moccasins,
&c., &c„ &c.
Moccasins.
Rubbers.
Homemade Socks. Boots.
All Spring and Summer Goods must go to make
room for Fall and Winter Goods.
A- R. McGUIRE,
J
i
M.
I
THE TAILOR.
5
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE,-------SUE.
I
My Latest Book

McLeod, of Rev. Mr. McKay, of Marsis unavoidably absent through ml a letter of regret for inability
- vl fro a Rev. XVin. Slie.uvr, Sherbrooke. Mr. Murclo Me* r. chairman of I a aid of Managers, occupied the chair.
Die following a*l'lit irv. on behi
S oîsti un. and Rev. Mi llaiuptlen
Wo,
i line's
\
1
Bristol Wharf
ii
f
“ Rooks area real world, both pure and j | good.
Round which with tendrils strong n< flvsli and blood.
Our pastime and our happiness may mow.
Si. wrote the nature-idolizing, méditât* \ Ix ive wordsworth.
\ literary friend of the Kastern Townships, a multi contributor of New York a.m. periodicals recently placed in my hand hs Arrive }» 4ft a memento of our conversations nu litvl-	j;
••	».w .»r>;«mutvvsa vu-y M,.«lU.u! vuw.liu---
¦«	s.;.s Jy full volume by Ralph W aldo hmerson, RPigw iek. i:	n
** Representative Men. 1 his and organisâtîo an iiiMii i n a move I urt
myself coming f helpful nsi ure me
a
%
*lk\V
to 1
FERRY
1

We solicit your trade. We are aiming to establish a solid, reputable business on honest business principles. Your children will be as liberally dealt with and as courteously served as yourselves. Any errors in accounts or in goods gladly made right.
were read by the miigrega-
M \ Rtfi i:\. (invL;i. Qi k :
l brother. We, y out dr
n ul Chalmers church, ,	n • i i iiil r
gaii i^ oihce luvivi’s Leave Bristol Wqarf
have \ mu' li plea 1
CHANCE OF TIME.

Official Time Table :
iv <
The undersigned having had two veni
experience in ferrying passengers liet xx v Bristol Wharf and Sand Point video tinue to do so t liis season as follows :
i
P.M
I
5.4* Leave
Aylmer ? Rreel;on ridge >' KanlIvy Parker's Crossing t Mohrs Qu.von Wyman's ?Tank Bristol McKe s Shaw . Hie Clark’s
Campbell’s Ray ?Tank Î Vinton Coulonge
'Mellon s
Walt hum
4.21
f>UJ


i
6.12
fi.lH
44
entitled
• 26
Every day (Sundays excepte^
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.DC, p.m
ti..;:
s »o
“ s.14 than ordinary u iv. “	in contact with t
l
g to >ou our sincere von d good visiies on this Imp your marriage to Mi le <. \nnstrung. B. A. ai tily welcome into our midst the «• young lad) who is now your who will he your true help-meet in
1 'V life iu.d in vour vongrvgn- Meeting all Train k. An.I we thinly believe that Mr.. Ma Queen know, of this
- he w 'll like it. and in ! the j.'v •1'h* of l.ittgwivk need j a (plainte-1 in order to become
h ut her. We as*
'.'tli of our deep and prayerful | i:i v.nti welfare and comfort.
in
a. 47
g rat niât i
#.56
m
IV
ut
'S \
«.•".s
Leave Sand Point
ClUSst S
K it lie* ; Wv i mm
• *
7.U4
7.‘J6
those w ho delight }} »y t lu* information they iose who nerve and stiv
i
si
VUI
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m
7.45
F.iK)
SI
1M1
i;îü th
“	7.(ki the necessity they put up
‘‘ y * Emerson is an inspirer ot" the latte* I have found this
ii n
8.08
your pnv
t ional \\ u
..	, the in re
ii reading Ins (l|,,IL1VL ,
'ion i<strength that sin
'. Wi ll ill of
! MIN K
8.12
s,m
• I
CEORCE BALLANTINE.
#
s.t:
Leave ti.au

#?55 Arrive
•Flag Station. Hank. VFlag Station
1'vrrvman.
t lie mon
“ Essays died hy m\ i
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway his teachings
at Aylmer
ml
only to g miitvallv attached
‘ 1 do not agree 1 not wish me to
A despatch to tin* Dai y News from l\-kin, dated Sept* in her 18, aaym it is per-
Emperor
has left the D «wager Empress and is now at Tut hung, 120 miles west of IN kin.
E. HODCINS & SON.
sure you -
May you have miuh juv and happiness in aistvntly maintained that til •
We trust that in t lie good Providence of Rod you may in* long spared to one mud her i us, and that the blessings of Him
" ho ma k et h rich ami a.ldeth no -«nrov situation in China more Serious shall he y.juis m a very rich measure.	tvnn p
In the name of the eongregation.	1	LiUUl t,ve1,
Mt* it no A. Mi Ivrn.
Chairman
Emerson hi He is the teacher wli » wishes to develop Life rather than secure uniformity, and
ti«*n to inil lienee is ue hy which lie secures iiuliv* id strength, the evidences of l of the mass and impression-
id pliability. He is a philosopher who from an ahitude superior to most men surveys tvu h, and then en deavors to lift the truth-seeker to the
wmi
P. XV. RESSEM A N,
01: N K R A L SU P E II IN T F. N I > F N T
M
! id
OTTAffA&GATINEAURÏ.,
/
ah
Z
./
Fall aiil winter Tsme Table
Taking effect Oct. 16, 1899
XitnimAU) Mii.loy,	press despatch, dated Shanghai, Sep»
I lili
jmasssm
nreneher, was a transcen.lontal.st who i„ sheiWke she is also highly spoken
held all things subservient to thought. uf |,y those who knew-her. and her term
His muni was perpetually active and its „f teaching in the academy met with much suggestions were jotted down on the in- S K.C .
stant. His notebooks were tilled with ' After the receptiun tea was served in
SS LZXS1Z	ï
passed there hy everyone	Hugh.. . 5, Freddie Mortis ; <>, Maggie
Although the keen wind was piercing Lajr(i
through the crevices of the Hall which at Grade m,_it Maggie Glenn ; 2, Maggie one time was the original Lmg«.ck Pres- \V.l.on 3_ Hillie Russell ;4, Harry Hughes l.yterian Church and many good old and Bertie Morris, coual ; 5. Louilla Me-fathers worshipped there in the good old Killop ; Ii, Amelia Hughes, country style, everyone fe't warm enough tirade II.—1. Joseph Itmsell ; 2 Nellie m heart and mind, and the chances are Murray ; 3, Hillie Morris; 4, Louisa that m the near future this shall lie re- Dean . r,_ Sidney Morgan, placed hy a good substantial odidce when Primer , [ _j Mary Black ; 2, Phobia
many happy meetings of the people of Tredeau ; 3, Wesley Orr ; 4. Arnold Mo Ling wick will take place. X> lien Jang-
Farmers !
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nos. 1 and 2, dally except Sunday.
For tickets and further Information apply to E. C. Arno dl. Ticket Agent, Spark tit., or 31 Ventral Cham hers. Ottawa.
1*. W. REHSEMAN.
Uen'l Sup’t.
....... 5.20 p.m
........9.20 a. in
!
We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will enable you to carry off prizes in bread competition at the county fair every time.
We can sell you at lowest prices Flour, Grain,
Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
i*r FILL STOCK ALWAYS ON HAND.

TIME CARD
In Effect JULY 2, 1900.
EASTERN DIVISION. Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
9
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
LIMITED TRAINS 2 HOURS. 20 MINUTES.
Trains leave Ottawa Cential Depot:—
a b, IC A. M. - Local—Stops at all inter mediate station*. Arrives Montreal 9.50 a. m. Rockland Lian.-h, Hawkeshury Blanch, Valle)Meld, connects at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west.
a9,00 A.M , Limited, arrives Montreal 11 20 a.m.. making dose connections with I. Ry. Maritime Express forQuel*ec, Halifax, and ail intermediate points east Pullman Parlor Car attached.
l>8.00 A.M. Sundays only—Stop* at intermediate ^stations. Arrives Montreal 11,0V a.m. Pullman Yarlor Car attached.
ag#2C P. M , Limited—Stops Glen RnWn-aon. only. Arrives Montreal 6 40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Car attached. Connects with trains for Portland ami all points east of Montreal. For Valley held and ul ) points south of the St. Lawrence River, st. Albans. Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7 oo a. ni New York 7,20 a.m. Has through Bullet Sleeping Car, Ottawa to New York.
«7.00 P. M. Local—Stops at Intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 10,10 p.m. Connects at Coteau Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto. Chicago etc. Has Pullman Parlor Car to Montreal.
Furniture I
«I
<
Furniture I
Look out for the ITow Things !
Our Spring Lirçe of Furniture is out of sight I
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
France is hand in glove with Russa
Trains arrive at Ottawa Csnarnl Depot :
all.30 A.M. Local -from Boston, New York. New England :m«l New York punts. Montreal leaving at 7.45 * m
through Bn Met Sleeping Car New York to Ottawa.
1.2$ P. 11. Limited—From Montreal and points cant, leaving Montreal at 11.00 a.m. Has Pullman Putunr C ir.
«7.35 P. M. Local—From Montreal. Yalleyfleld and intermediate pointa, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 4.1''. p. m,
19.10 P. M. Snii inly. Fr i n M mtreal and intermediate points, leaving Montreal at 5.*,0, p.m. Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car attached
Honor Rolls
Stops at all local stations. Has
BRISTOL, SCHOOL FOR ÊEFT
In Parlor Suites
the spirit, and as religion is of the intellect as well as the hc*rt, 1 wtlc me Em-?rson as one of God's co-workers even though I cannot accept all of his religious teachings
Shaw ville, Sept. 120th, 11*00
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
W. Bowman Tucker
«1C.15 P: M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at 7/*0 p.m., connecting with I.C. Ry. Express fiom Reception to 1x6V. Mr. and Mrs
all points east. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
Middle and Western Divisions. , T1 ¦. ¦
TO and FROM THE w est.	, DesPlte th« me emency of the weather,
(Daily, except Sunday)	the congregation of Lingwick Presbyterian
Train, leave Ottawa Central Depot.	^urch turned out in large nnnibtn on
6 15 A. M. For Arnprior, Renfrew, Eganvllle, Peu,. Thursday afternoon, Sept, l.t, to w elcome ke, Barry's Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry and give a hearty reception to their pas-Sound and intermediate points.	tor, Rev. Mr. MacQueen, on the occasion
‘rt'l c-‘™ to w"- I
....f  ....................ll“ —¦ 1	Th "j'U .hS",5 Londoo, S •«.— *-* d,.^«h to	h Y"
. ouh weather, but this, however, did not j Tuan has issued a secret edict in the hinder the happy couple in arriving at name of the Dowager Empress informing 2.&0 P.	M.	Mixed Trains	from	Madawaska, Egnn-	j Gould in time for the congregation’s re-	the authorities	throughout the Empire
ville, Renfrew, Arnprior and	interniediMtesutione.	c ^on whjch was appointed for the	that the Court	has decided to continue ,	__
iday "“y?8 daiîT e*0**!'1 8un	J | m the church at three clock in I the war igiinst the Powers at whatever | ^
the afternoon
moderator of the Presbytery, introduced I The edict threatens that any (fficials Mrs. MacQueen to the congregation who does not support the Manchue will
and also gave a pleasant address. There	be beheaded as	a traitor, his family de-1 Lord	Roberts	has	been	appointed
were also very eloquent and appropriate 1	stroyed and the	tomba of his ancestors j	Commander	in	Chief	of	the British	army,
addresses given 1-y Rw. Mr. Bishop, of j destroyed.	| dating from Oct. 1st —hie birthday.
MacQueen, Gould.
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
wick takes hold of anything it will go Pri,ner Percy Hughe, ; 2, Mag-through with it. They arc all true Unt- McLeod ; 3, Eva McKillop ; 4, Bertie ish and like every true Briton there is no I McLaren and Hillie McLaren equal; turning beck, but going ever forward.- 15_ Uougla» McCredie ; G, Hattie Cowley Sherbrooke Examiner, Sept. 19.	H F. H. Armstrong, Teacher
Sideboard,
Extension Table, Dining-room Chair, Kitchen Table, Kitchen Chair, Bedstead,
Bedroom Suite, Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress

y
Parlor Table, Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
11.10 A. M. From Madawaeka, Pembroke, Egan ville, Renfrew. Arnprior and Intermediate points.
5.55 P. M From Parry Sound. Egan ville, Ken frew, A rnprior and intermediate point*.
%
Cias».—1, Silas Somerrüle ; 2, Mary Tubman ; 3, Bertha Black. Second
Primer.—l, Bernice Dale 2, Louisa Lum- Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their
mis 3. Mary Ann Stewart. First Prim—1, Charlie Lummis 2, Florence Rooney ; 3, Mildred Judd.
Margaret MvFarlanb, Teacher.
own talking.
Rev. Mr. McLennan, cost
CUTHBERTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Russell House Block.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
Tickets to Europe and all part* of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's Sours.
BBT
f
t









