###PAGE###1###

SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JULY 17, 1902.
____FIRST-CLASS
| FARM FENCING |
No. 5. 20th Year.
a,.."j §1.00 a Year in Advance.
# **
i
LOCALë'THAT PAY
)
BANK OF OTTAWA
I
A choice stock of picture frame mould-|ugs ut I in I eon'h Studio.
For enlarging, copying, viewing, picture framing and photos of the best plut I no finish go to ImIson's Photo Studio.
Yes, you Are !
Hold Office: . Capital paid np
OTTAWA, CANADA.
.........#2.000,000
......... 1,706,000
OP CANADA.
ONLY
licit
130 Cents per ROD j
Board of Direct or 8
- $6,000,000. P.A5t8^ntp4irah„%wrtS5!
1 ture ad. Inside page. For sale by G. F. Hodglns, Shawvllle.
Charles Maoee, Esq., President. George Hay, ehq., Vice-President.
Ho*. Geo. Bryson, Jr.
Alex. Fraser, Esq ,
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Are What ?
for sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
Joint Mathkr, Esq.. Daviü Mac Laker, E*q.,
Derma Mvrput, Esq
FOR SALE ;
1	1 A-foot «elected cedar skiff, new.
2	18-ft. «elected white pine skiff, new Apply to G BO. Baalantine,
Head Office* • Montreal.
Or nenl Manager .. .. Manager,
GEORGE BURN, D. M. FINNIC
Missing
Some
Big Bargains
n t . .	, ROOMS TO LET—The «how rooms in
Bristol, Que. | the building lately occupied by McDowell
& Horigins, opposite Men liants bank, Shaw y il le. Well suited for business purposes. Apply to R. W. Hoduins.
That- the Melotte i« the ea«le«t mnning Separator on the market is shown by the results of the latest Separator trials carried out by the Royal Agricultural Society.
Smart & Smith, Agents.

Branchesî IN ONTARIO;
Keewatin.
Kemptv.lle,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
J
8HAWVILLE BRANCH,
Lanark,
Parry Bound, Pembroke,
Alexandria,
Arnprior,
A eon more, Bracebridge,
Oarleton
Wanted at Once—On a farm in Money loaned on approved eeeurlty at I Manitoba—a good man and his wife to
reasonable rates.	| work on farm; wife as housekeeper.
Will pay $3ô per month for five months Employment in winter at smaller wages
John Elder, Norcjuay, Man.
Rat Portage, Winchester, do BsukSt. Renfrew do Rideau St. Toronto, do Somerset Bt. Winchester, 'fankleek Hill, Smith's Falls.
IN MANITOBA :
do
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts of the world
Place,
Cobden Hawkesbury,
8AVING9 BANK
If you don’t take advantage of our
PERSONAL
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Accounts opened for amount* of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours .
SATURDAYS . .
* Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC ;
Hull,
^^BIHË^hawInigan Falls,
Ayrnts In Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agents In Hi. Paul-Mcrchants Nat Bank. Agents In London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
istfl as the coaches could accommodate. The second train came in about 25 minutes later. It also contained ten coaches and
Dr. McKinley has been absent visiting his friends in Perth.
seemed to be equally well divided. This Miss Stewart has returned to town train picked up the people bound Shaw aft*r » visit of several weeks to Renfrew, ville-ward at the several stations along	Miss Muriel McKenny, of Quyon, is
-	the route. As each train pulled in the	visiting her sister Mrs N. Brownlee,
occupants were escorted by the local Mr. William Bertrand, proprietor of Orangemen to Mr J. L. Shaw’s beautiful the Forest House, Bryson, was in town maple grove a short distance north of Saturday.
Births.—At Moorehend on Monday the	the tract,	where elal-orate preparation Mr. R McC. Ritchie,	of Bryson, spent
7th Inst, to Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Clarke,	for their reception had	been made in the	Saturday in Shaw ville.
a daughter.	way of eatables and refreshments. But	u .	-,____ mja
At Shawville onThursdny the 10th hist,	even these extensive arrangements were	• t	1 H ) ?*.. ,	, • 1 j ..
to Mr. snd Mrs. 13. W. Young, a daughter,	inadequate to supply the great demand,	ft"* '*	<m \V “	^ relatlves»
Married—On Wednesday, July 9th, and many hundreds in consequence re- a er an a >sence o nine year. . at Sudbury, by the Rev. A. P. Latter,	turned to the vill tge and availed them-	Mr. Fred	Lyon, nephew	rf l>r. L^|
Methodist minister. Miss Jennie H.	selves of the hospitality of the hotels,	arrived on a	visit to the latter on Wed-
Caldwell to Mr. Ernest Hobbs, both of	which, fortunately were well prepared for	netday last.
i.	'hisunusual tax upon their resources. The	Mr. C. B and Mrs. Taggart, were
Dieu.—At the family residence, Char-	intention of the loci committee to have	visiting at Mrs. James Hudgins’ last
teris on Tuesday 8th intt , Emma, young- "«1	.^er dmner, had to be week.
eat daughter of Mr. James Smith, of	abandoned	owmg to	the difficulty in Mrs Dilworth and children left	on
.	. Chesterville. Ont.., and beloved wife of	'nustermg	the lodges	together. About	Wednesday for Arundel,	Que , where	her
the pulp wood that lias been deposited	^ Lem.	E Beaven The deceased	twu 0 iv , gathering	in tie grove	father resides.	She will	be absent about
along the Pontiac line this season.	who was only 33	years of age,	leaves a	w»a caUed to order to hear	the speeches	six weeks
The Canada Atlantic Railway Com- sorrowing huW and several small	addre^f
pany will commence the erection of a	children to	mourn	her departure.	meet in > as follows • Rev	Dr Tucker	her t wo sons, are visiting	friends in	this
new central depot at the canal has.n,	----------	Yen Archdeacon ' Naylor, Rev. Mr:	locality
Ottawa, this summer,------------------Hereafter, Dr Stackhouse, Sur- .Waddell, Rev. Mr. Rofinaon ; Mews. Ml F <;,J!!ÜRf^!T T.ieSMÏ
c£/a«f SiaaffiS	...* riaÿa»ssï
.........
carried out in a field nearby. In Mr.	^ ^ • Ireland, who has been in
Dagg's grove, a short- distance from the rather pour health of late, has gone away picnic grounds, a couple of enterp ising to try the recuperative influence of two The Church of England Social held at spirits had erected a dancing platform weeks holiday Mrs. Ireland who had The Rectory grounds on Tuesday night,	which served to attraetthu attention of a	heen	in	a ve,7	delicate condition for many
July 8th, contained a form of amusement	certain proportion of visitors during the	nioiyhs	past,	went,	away	a	couple	oi
W e learn that Mr. W m. J. 0 Meara thftt WH, uovel to this .mrt of thu CuUn greater part of the afternoon.	weeks ago and is at present under the
of Bryson, has been nppomtod clerk of	It is true that it was called the M~.-. \Xn,. .....	treatment of a specialist at Chesterville,
the P.P.J.	nm*	car	W >11	should	make	.V.,y po learn! yet it vvai held in July f	for a rushing days business with their
a tip-top official, and we hail his appoint-	|mt that feature did not interfere with	riding gallery,which along with
ment with	pleasure.	the revival of the old English custom of	other attractions of a kindled nature,	™ Mr.	John Dawson, Past Preceptory, of
Some of	our	young people attended welcoming summer by a joyous dance of	furnished amusement for a large crowd.	»n elegant past preceptor’s jewel accom-
the social at the I resbytenan Church, the child ten around a pole adorned with Later in the afternoon another object :>anied by a well worded address.
Bristol, on Thursday evening last, and flowers and gala flags.	of interest to the visitors was found in a	T, a,, u, „	•i_ntiv
sneak of the event as being highly credit- In the center of the lawn was placed baseball match between our local team ,	^ ?\ ’V h i *1	, ,! * ?
able and a success financially as well. the noie about 26 feet high, red, white and the Elmside boys, who put up a r ,h™, time which the occasion
ESisHi piSlpIS	sg;±:
ter-enps and clover. I lags, bunting and in progress the Ottawa contingent re- J- B. ohaw. E. Hodgins, John Unison, streamers were in abundance. Sixteen	turned to the station, and shortly after-	^I^rry	McDowell, A. J. Jackson, and
boys* and sixteen girls, began the opening	wards le t for home in one train made up	éthers,	had suitable arches and other
«aasTsssss »$. ts	is sjss ‘sszjsi	a s
tske charge of in/sash an,I dror foctory! form of entertainment given in this part this arrangement, were left behind. and the citieens in the same direction, gave I am fully prepared to fill all orders for of the country for some time.	on realizing this were soon in the humor i the town a truly holiday appearance
building supplies in a prompt and satis- During the evening refreshments were for an exhibition of able bodied kicking, The presence of one genuine shark,
indulged in, and a very sociable time when the railway officials smoothed among the manipulators of the several was spent.	matters out by ordering the return of the games of chance, who were permitted to
express from Waltham to convey the | do business, is to be regretted, but the stranded visitors home. According to j fact is, the nature of his little game was arrangement they were enabled to not known to the authorities, until he le we for Ottawa at eleven o’clock. This had prudently folded his tent and stolen incident formed the closing scene to the silently away. , biggest of Shawvilie’s big daysv	Among the visitors from Ottawa were
Shawville will likely hold its civic holi The “glorious twelfth* ’ looked forward The lodges which took part in the day’s the faces of many old friends, who in time day, on Coronation day which is officially annually by so many people with celebration, so far as we can learn, wete past when residents of thii county, fre-nnn’ounced to take place between the 8th 8lowin8 anticipation, has once more M follows:	quently assisted in honoring the Twelfth,
and 12th of August—probably the 9th of come and gone, leaving its manifold im-	outside lodges.	The crowd also included some very old
that month. During the interval be-	pressions upon thousands of scores of	Braeside, L. O. L.	|	resident, that is, Puntiac Orangemen
tween now and that date preparations	*,n ^mwv,^e ^ celebration	Eardley. L. (XL.
will mature to get up a good day’s amuse-	?h,ch t<,ok Plftce’. was th« '^gest of any	I^iya B ack Preceptory,Ottawa
ment. Look out for posters shortly.	description ever witnessed within the con-	gg™ U " L’ 4/
r	fines of Pontiac. It was certainly a	* Emnire “
Mr- William Cameron, 4th range Clar- record-breaker, which may not l>e dupli-	Howell “
rendon, informs us that while here on cated again for years to come. Estimates	Turner O. Y. B
Saturday he lost his pocket book, some- of the number who attended run from
where near the merry-go-round. The book five to eight thousand people, but corner- I	Shawville, L. 0. L. No.™27
contained $17 and a few cento. The	vative calculations place it any where	Knox’s	14	No.	34
finder will be rewarded by restoring it to	between four and five thousand. An	N. Onslow	“	No.	38
the owner.	idea of anything like an exact figure,	Radford8	•*	So	•*)
«?'•	:	ïî'S Ti, 1...1 h,„,d. |S,rd,,
considered Is—Can the machine be easily	that an attempt at accurate enumeration	Steel’s	"	No. 1688 number of outside enthusiasists, ud not
turned to speed for, say, an hour, by a boy was simply out of the question. While yet	___ let	pass without having a “brush
cirl or dairymaid ? In other words, is oar)y in the day, hours in advance of the	NOTES	on thc exhibition grounds. The contest
mm sswiii
and renewals. Sec the Melotte at Smart their way into town, and received the we were unable to learn.
& Smith’s.	hearty welcome of the entertaining	. .,	„	.	, ,
,---- brethren. This condition prevailed, until	Canedinn Pacific railway. This was con-
Dowell, of Charteris neighborhood, were Then came a grand concentration of 1 UV * ltl . . ,K	er, ‘	^ and elected officers. 1 he new directors
. united in marriage at St. Matthews forces at the railway station to await the »'ul CTethtaMy lulfilled. notw.th- wiU b, Messrs. D. McNichol, I. O. Odg-Cherch, ::ollh Clarendon, on M enue* arrival and accord a weleomc to the	that many assistants were ([en lnd Thomas Tart. Mr. C. W. S;,en-
day afternoon the 9th inst., in presence mammoth contingent en route from Ot- !liev v '	cer, A. ft. Creehmin, H". R. Baker and
of a very large assemblage of invited tewa, on two excursion trains Two Mr James Steele, of Onslow, who Edwin Hanson, all of Montreal, are also guests The Rev. T. J. Wilson, (cousin thousand five hundred people were re holds the distinguished position of Uoun- „mong the directorate. Mr. Creelman »f the hride) assisted by the Rev. A. Ire- ported to be on board those trains, and ty Master, presided over the gathering «ill he picsident of the new company, land, performed the marriage ceremony, as the tune of arrival drew near all was during the delivery of the several stir- ftnj Mr. C. W. 8;encer will be vice-m. i„k„	. i m eagerness and expectancy around the ring addresses to which the brethren were president	¦	¦
*	capital, and as many additional excursion- j the Royal Black Preceptory of Ottawa, the road was in the vicinity of $565,000.
CLEARING OUT SALE
Lschuts
Montreal,
10 A.M. To 3 P.W
10 A M. TO 1 P.M
F. A. PARKER, Manager
OF DRY GOODS.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Advertisers and correspondents are reminded that we cannot assure the Insertion of matter unie hand by Monday noon of each week.
Coronation, it is officially stated will take place about August 9th or 12th.
The highest honors have been awarded to the Melotte	¦HI¦)¦¦¦¦¦
oral of the lending exhibitions.
The heat of past week has been a great benefit to the corn and root crop1.
We are bound to clear them out at any
price. Everything Reduced.
It 1» In
on,
Cream Separator at hcv
Massey Station
A few Blouses left from
29 to 45 cents. Were 40c. to $1.00.
Dress Muslins, 5 to 15c.
Ginghams now going at 8c. Were 10 to 14c.
All Dress Goods reduced down away below wholesale cost.
Children’s Clothing very cheap.
The C.P.R, has commenced to haul
Were 8 to 30c.
Mrs. Robert McArthur, Lachnte, with

and Savings Company of Ontario m sue cession to Mr. 11. Hobbs.
Lost.—July 9th, either in Shawville oi on the Pickauock road, A large solid gold masonic ring. Finder will he rewarded by leaving the same at this office, or returning to the owner, L. E. Bddven, Charteris	in, ..
May Pole Danes
Highest Price paid for Produce.

? >11
til
J. H. SHAW.
P. S-—Paris Green, IV|achine Oils.
were run off.
and will be at Shawville for one week, commencing July 21st.
Still In It.—I desire to inform the
factory manner
J. G. Elliott.
The Billerica base ball team came up last Wednesday afternoon to have a

THE TWELFTH.
whack at the Shawville boys, but the I	----
visiting aggregation was rather weak to A Monster Gathering Invades contend against the scientific exhibition |	Shawville.
put up by the home boys.
Fly-Killers
this


We have The Best on the Market.
The vendors of ice cream and other temperate beverages did a lucrative business, during the afternoon. Up to the time, towards evening, when a welcome shower wet the ground sufficiently to lay the dust, which was in conspicious evidence, the throat clearing act had to be (or was) resorted to pretty frequently.
Considering its magnitude the crowd was the most orderly ever seen in our streets.
221
227
m
33
Our INSECT POWDER never fails if properly used, We guarantee it pure and will refund your money if it is ever found worthless.
COUNTY LODGES.
Put up in sprinkle-top boxes 5 and 10 cents each, or by the pound, 50 cents.

The management of the Hull Electric Railway has been furmallyjasmnned by the

THE DRUG STORE,

SHAWVILLE.
Fly Pads and Tanglefoot.
the







###PAGE###2###
AMET IN SOUTH AMICI

ir
BUTTER MAKINO

Jack knows too much to attempt the coup de grace until the beast Is In a more exhausted condition. It has been a fatal mistake on the part of Pedro Vasques, and he does not mean to repeat the blunder.
A nimble leap aside at the proper revond has saved him from those cruel horn and the bull’s fury Is Increased doubly by the fact that he has failed In his first rush.
Ah ! again he bears down upon his tantalising foe, as though determined that this time he will crush the man to the earth or assist him over the barrier. A perfect gymnast, Jack has little trouble in avoiding the onslaught, and but for the ever present danger of a Min. might really enjoy the fun.
While the toro once more amuses himself with the inoffensive tan-bark, Jack coolly takes a look around the amphitheater. From the foreign quarter handkerchiefs are waved, and cries i$ravo, Doctor Jack !" arise. These are Incautious just now, and more apt to disturb the brave man who risks his life in the hull-ring for a woman’s smile, than give him new energy. The Spaniards know better than to breathe a sound while the matador faces his
Il
When cream Is separated from milk the fat globule» come to the face by gravity or are thrown oiT by tho centrifugal process, writes I’rof.
O, M. Uowcll. When cream is churned, two of them will stick together, then three, then four, ami then dozen, until Anally globules, only about one-fifth of a
|of un inch in diameter “After studying the question gradually stick together and Income fully and visiting diOvivnt largo enough to see. They aio wry Canada and meeting the leading small yet, not largo enough to make manufacturers of the lending 1 butter from without waste .v *» "v tv.s, l ora m<>ro than ever convince Association, said in part :	keep on churning until more unite, that there is every opportunity
“A few years ago, at tho Michigan and when those got large enough so u big trade living done bet wool Agricultural College, I had tho plea- that, we can readily draw oil tlie Canada and South Africa.'• sure of carrying on an experiment to buttermilk, when they are about the The speaker was Mr. J. Molr o test this question. Tho grand per- size of number 8 shot, the work has Kimberley, South Africa, in Mont formante of our three great Hot- been carried far enough. If we let real on his way back from the steins—It osa Bonheur fit h. ITouwtjo | them gut larger than this they will The object of Mr. Moira present
u certain amount of milk visit is to study thr p(»>» .ii,iiitirs 0 and that will have to 1 v trade between the various >ion State. Their cry was that 'while I separated again In order to i" e "And not only this, but I am a I? you have done wonders with cows, them from tho buttermilk. I o stop convinced," Mr. Molr continued it. is all because you had such mar-1 the work when they are hist the “that a preference would be given veilous stock with which to deal.' right size depends upon the skill of to all goods coming from Canada The board was easily (lersuaded to the butter maker. It is a simple and in a short time Cape Town grant my petition and allow me .to matter when you know how to do it. would really bo a big Canadian mar-put in a herd of some 80 grade Wo do our work on this way	ket. I have also I icon in Australia
cows, to see what the influence of churn at such a temperature that we ,md Now Zealand, and consider that persistent good cure and persistent can form these granules in from lb among all the colonies Canada is dry milking would ho upon tho to 00 minutes. 1 cannot tell you the most prosperous and would bn yields of these cows, and incident- what the temperature is. From Iloi- able to gut tho largest amount of ally upon the form and cat acity of stein milk. Ayrshire milk and the trade.
the vows themselves. I regret that milk from many individual cows, the “j |,ftVe now resided in South Af-the experiment was not continued1 butter comes quicker than from nra for nearly 11 years, and am longer, hut 1 want to call your at- Uuernsuy or Jersey milk, and other HUrp that the proclamation of peace tontion to some of the results yf milk in which tho butter fat is nll<| the predominance of English inTo hard. The fat In the milk <>i the gucnce will mean a long ore of their own 11 loi stein and some other breeds is precod exited prosperity throughout
kv h 1	t^ hn t « » f our butter country. As long as the Pours
remained in power the progress of the country was bound to he re tar d-(•otton- tM,« simply because they were
i
FOR FARMERS
Hur-
A KIMBERLEY MAN SAY1 THERE'S A ÜREAT OPENING
DOCTOR JACK.
Reasonable and Profitable Hints for the Busy Tillers of the Soil.
An Era of Prosperity Will Begii Now that the War Is °
Over.
I
I
one
i
t II OHO littlO
t f ST. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Author of “Doctor Jack's Wife,” "Captain Tom,” "Baron Sam,” "Miss
Pauline of New York,” “ Miss Caprice,” Etc.

$
thousandth
'"/V
cnro part» o
$
rows AND FEE!)

*
Clinton D. Smith, before the Am erica n	llolstein-ITieshm Breeders
cun
4K
S

$

$
OJ
*

In this he has made a fatal mistake, induce him to face death without
fur the onrush ins animal has lowered
his head, and keeps a straight course for the man.
A mighty shudder convulses the crowd. It all happens so quickly that no one has time to shout a warning,
west
flinching, whether in front of u mad bull or as a captive tied to the stake with the funeral pyre about him.
Hence it Is that at the conclusion of the daring American's speech a of buzz gvs around the >\ lu-u* amphlthe* and up to the last second Vasquezs are, which quickly swells into a tre-Weems to imagine the bull vviU swerve, mendous roar, for, although his words AN hen he realizes his mistake It Is ' in accepting the open challenge may too late. He endvavors to spring aside, not have been understood by the nia-tut has pimted foimielf so firmly, witii jorlty of those present, there can be outstretched le^s, to resist the shock no mistaking his action in removing foe when the bull h ales hln if on the coat and vest Toledo blade, that he loses a second
1) and Bvlle Sarcastic—had attracted lockup the attention of the farmers of the serum,
Jack’s sweeping glance takes it all He sees the eager multitude that
Viva torn " In case
While this shout still makes the in welkin ring. Jack has dropped into the js ready to shout arena, lightly scaling the inner bar- the hull downs him, but makes no note lier. Then a sense of fairness seizes
and this means all to him.
The man gives a bhcul as the horns rike him. it doe# it it seem like an expression of fear, but rather one of the multitude, and immediately cries his gate rest an Instant on the Turkish pasha, and notes the look of fierce eagerness visible there that tells him how anxious this man is for the bull to triumph, then Ills eyes sweep along t ntil they reach his own vacant seat, and catch a glimpse of the beautiful girl next in line, at which he smiles coldly, and bows again.
" Look out, Jack
This shout eûmes from his American friend in the foreign quarter, and warns him that the bull has ceased
of the swarthy sea of faces
He lets
arise
excitement.
Not a sound has l>ecn heard in all that great amphitheatre, for every eye N he roar becomes a rushing stream,
Is clued ui'on tin- arena. Finding a,lJ thls 1,1 tl,rn 11 Fu-ellng brooÿ, un-that he ha, lost tli'> came, the mata- 111 a>most magically wen the lust dor trio, lo save his life by clinging aound8 <**¦*• and a ^«^-"ke silence to the bull's horns, it is a most deplorable condition for him, as he may never again be the people favourite lie was. but life Is sweet even when one has to live without the favour of the tickle public, and there are matadors in the audience who have had their day. and strutted upon the field, of which he has now been king for gome years.
Silenzlo ! silenzto !"
the feeding for a single year meet the farmer» on
ground, I went, from station to stu- soft lion on the railroad and drove Into breeds it is hard
un-
tho country, buying good average cows, mostly grade Short-Horns, but occasionally one	with Holstein
blood. The cows	arrived at tho
college her, and
miTEHKNT FOODS
ensues.
Fifteen thousand human beings have their eyes riveted upon the form of the American gymnast to breathe as one man, waiting for the shock, wits about him, and surely he has need of them with that black devil of
have an effect on the fat Hi	III
seed meal gives us a hard, and corn- progressive enough meal n soft fat. The rule is to ex- Only those who have carefully between August and Octo- pe|.iniont aml ,in(i out „t what tern- looked into the possibilities of the
perature it is necessary to churn to various districts of South Africa have the butter come right and come vun l<‘H future tlmt there is be-within from 40 to f>0 minutes. Uav- fore the country. All that has been
i	up to tlie	in tho
do not way of minorai# is simply what was
never
>
They seem
Doctor Jack keeps his
THE FEEDING BEGAN
Ills side play, and is once again on the
* then* is not liquor enough for the which it Ims been impossible to open globules to float about and have up owing to the troubles that exist-room to form and finish. Thirty-five eu. I hen, besides, there are largo per cent, cream is too rich. The lit- districts in which good grain crops tie globules are so close together are to Ik* secured, and when these that in agitating the churn they are are occupied by emigrants from Eng-liable to attach themselves and be- land and other countries, the new come largo and of different sizes. Wo British colony will go right, ahead, want bath enough for them to float The only reason that it has not done about in. It is perfectly safe to use so already was that the Boers failed the cream from the gravity cans, as utterly to recognize tlie importance it will not contain 25 jer cent. of of railways or any other means of fat, but do not make tho cream from convenient transportation, and on the separator too rich, or it will be this account most of the country too dense for finishing the globules and some of the lines! portions have
remained practically undeveloped. “But then. again, my visit
The neck of the black terror Is all muscle, and when that awful head is thrown into the air Pedro Vasquez is seen flying through space. lie strikes a cruel blow upon u post or pillar that holds up the roof, and falls in among a number of chulos grouped there, who Immediately bear him away.
Immediately the vast crowd breaks out in excited talk. The black bull goes back to his tuft of grass, and stamps viciously as though asking who will be the next victim.
There is generally a reserve matador. and the people wait to see him appear, but time passes, and the bull alone holds the arena.
It grows monotonous.
News has come that although Pedro Vazquez will live, he has been so thoroughly knocked out that he could not stand up again this day before a yearling bull.
What now ? The management ap-
The people must be amused, but who remarkable weapon, which has served condition or the final blow .
Pedro in many a successful bout, and finally makes a blow, not in the dlrec-
mob that tills the amphitheatre to overflowing
have sent him into the arena, and lie remembers only this.
His manner excites admiration, he is	is no amateur bull-fighter, with only	prising
bo cool and collected, and the majority	reckless bravery to hack him up, l?tit	Holstein	grade	costing	us 835
of the good people of Madrid presently	one who has made a study of the ant-	spomletl	to the	food	so	well that she
secretly wish he may be successful,	mais in times past, and is qualified to	10,310	lbs.	of	milk contain-
but there are few who do not fully	anticipate the sable brute's every	*nfS 3-14.1.4 lbs. of	fat	in 41 weeks,
demolished
at the first desperate onslaught of the animal, for when a man with the prestige of Pedro Vasquez Is tossed out of the arena it seems like madness for an amateur to have a living chance, no matter how brave he may be.
Hardly has Doctor Jack gained the arena than a clattering sound is heard beside him, and turning his head, he sees the muleta, or red flag of the matador, together with his sword,
A pair of black eyes
Again the multitude breathe easy They recognize the fact that this man Hie dictates of the market
thing to me was that
fhe sur-
re-
fut
an average of almost 8 lbs. of fat a week. In fact, the average yearly yield for the whole herd exceeded 7.000 lbs. of milk and 304 lbs. of butter. Next to the highest yield of milk came a cow with W.135 lbs., ami then live other cows, each with an
move
Thus they expect to have pleasure In watching the struggle for su promit is a matter of supreme in-
acy
til (Terence to most of them whether the
bull eventually clays the man or Is himself downed, so long as the combatants afford them a good show. The life of a bull-lighter Is held very cheaply in Madrid.
Already has Doctor Jack evaded three of those wild rushes. Will he be able to continue this system of tactics until he has wearied the animal
amount of over «8,000 lbs. to her credit. Four cows gave over 300 lbs. of fat, and but 1 1 cows gave an amount of fat insufficient to produce 300 lbs. of butter. More than one of the cows would have gone into tho advanced registry had they been pure bloods.
in the best form
At 15 per cent, it is rather thin but this does not interfere with so- through Canada has shown nu; that curing good granulation. At 30 per it Also has a bright future before it. cent, we can get good granules, but Your population, instead of being it requires more care. If we find five millions, should bo thirty mil-that (>0 degrees is the right 1 enq era- lions, and immediately arises tho turc, we use that. If it is Holstein difficulty, whore are the people to milk we may have to churn at 55 come from, degree# or a little above 50, especially if tho cows are fed on corn- ing much more than you do meal and silage. If we are using only out in the great west are there cream from Jersey cows that have excellent conditions for doing so. been fed considerable cottonseed but even between Montreal and Win-men!, wo sometimes ha ve to churn ni peg there are thousands of miles up to 70 in order to get the butter that might be used for such u purpose At the present time t h<- .1
When tho granules begin to np- feront largo organizations of tho pear, look into your churn, and if United States are doing an onorm-
you ar • a cmice you will look quite
often. As you continue to churn you South Africa, and if Canada were gradually become accustomed to the only able to compete with the firms business, and you know about how in the neighboring republic, most of much churning to give it each time, tho trade would also come to this Sometimes the granules will grow in country. At present you cannot size very rapidly, especially if the compete with them, but there is not
reason why you ultimately
should not."
lying near by. Bending down, he takt-s both into his hands, tests the
“The lesson T drew from this experiment was that a force pulling in the direction of large and economical l.iilk-giving. is persistent dry milking and persistent high feeding. The trouble with most of us is that, as the cows got farther along in the period of lactation, wo drop off the feed prematurely. Wo follow the false doctrine that we should measure the supply of nutrients by tho yield of milk, and whenever the row drops in yield we punish her, and. through her, ourselves, by making a corresponding reduction in the food supply. We forget the drafts upon the feed other than for the production of milk, and we forget that these drafts increase as the time for the birth of the next calf approaches. Remember, oil the other side, the
The bull no longer tosses the tan-
His challenge has been met, and he finds himself opposed by one whom he cannot ter-
will undertake the job ? After what i as passed, it is all a man's life is
worth to enter the arena with that tion of the representative of royalty
but squarely Intended for the black eyed damsel whose words have been lorize
Some Englishmen the means of sending him upon such a
quixotic errand.
bark with his horns
You ought to go into s»tock-rnis-
\nt
sable monster, be he chulu, picador
or matador.
What is that ?
As soon as one furious rush fails the
biute wheels and makes another. He All this consum s but a few seconds is continually in motion, and it seems bf time. The black toro has divined, as though there may come a moment
and Americans, delighting in fair play, are shouting “ Viva toro ! Bravo ! old
boy ! Well done !”
Somehow the words exasperate the from the rush of applause that greets when by some lucky stroke he will Spaniards, whose sympathies have Doctor Jack's action, something of the disable .bis nimble adversary, and been with Vasquez. They look at each other, and scowl. More than
to come right
truth, and has even ceased chewing at change the tide of battle the lone tuft of half dead grass grow tug near the centre of the ring lower his head and dig his blood stained horns into the sawdust-cov- j good Judgment ered ground, which he tosses up in a a scratch
As yet Jack has acted only on the to I defensive, leaping aside when the time comes, and each time with rare
He has not received
trade in canned meut goods in
one friend of the matador touches his knife in a significant manner.
Ah ! here is the gentleman who represents the management. He ad-
mis
and although the bull
vanccs upon a little elevated	plat-	horribly suggestive manner, the while	steams	and	puffs	with	his	tremendous
form, and holds up his hand.	It is	uttering those peculiar subdued bel-	exertions,	the	man	is	apparently	as
evident he desires to speak.	j l°'vs that strike terror to the ordinary cooi iln,j collected as when he began
passes the word around, heart.	the engagement,
and in a minute so quiet is it that j Evidently the brute sees Jack, and For the first time the people awaken one can hear every word the manager w111 presently descend upon him with to the fu#.t that tho awful black toro utters. He speaks in Spanish, of	the fury of air avalanche. At present
course, and in a loud voice.	[t Pleases the royal animal to play
First of all he tells of Pedro's	con-	with his anticipated victim much us a
dition, then of the refusal of the sub- cat rni^ht with a mouse, ctitute to enter the ring with that mad devil, and deplores the fact thaf there is no man brave enough to make the attempt pro bono publico.
Turning, so that he faces the foreigners who have been shouting so loudly, he continues :
temperature is n little high, or tho any fat a little soft
Silenzio
DANGER OF MILK FEVER.
and guarding ourselves against it as best we may during the last three weeks prior to the birth of the calf, we want to continue a good full ration of roughage and grain well through the entire period of lactation. Were the experiments I have indicated unsupported by similar experiments elsewhere, 1 should regard the work at tho Michigan station as one of those peculiar accidents that sometimes happen, but upon which it is unsafe to predict a general rule, but 1 have found in the public press, as well as in the reports from other stations, parallel results, and I have come to believe that continued good feeding, combined with persistent dry milking, is a force that while not of equal weight with heredity, is one not to be despised in establishing this trend of assimilated food toward the udder.
As a consequence of the combined efforts of heredity and judicious feeding, we have the formation of the dairy form, the yielding of the outward conformation to the inner forces. The enlargement of the udder and the vessels that lead to and from it, combined with tho fulling away of tho parts to which the food of the animal is no longer directed, results in the establishment of the dairy form. Mark you that heredity is the important factor in this work, ond that its supporting force is persistent and prolonged good feeding."
has met his master, and when Doctor Jack begins to assume the offensive loud shouts greet him.
Lit O scjlx h and the man went
As the lumbering animal rushes past, the American plucks him by the tail, and gives that caudal appendage a twist that elicits a fierce bellow from the furious bull,,drowned by the storm of applause from the audience.
After eluding another charge, Jack pricks the Hank of his foe with the point of his Toledo blade, and his action suits the humour of the lookers
HIS "WINNER END.”
Files
To prove to yon that) Dr.
Lhiso'a Ointment is a curtain An English Clergyman and a Low-
and ?ve^U1form'of nc"n£	Scotsman entered one of the
bleeding and protruding pilem, lust, schools ill Aberdeen. fl ho mas-
SSSilterftfe ter «celled them kindly am.
bors what they think of It, You can use it and Q wired get your money back if not cured, toe a box, at all dealers or Edmansox.Bates & Co..Toronto.
This suits the new matador, for it gives him a minute of time to note the position of the bull, and what impediments there may be in the arena, for a false step at any instant may cost him his life, and Doctor Jack is
m-
" Would you prefer that I should m	speer (question) these boy» or that
Olf!cl3©*S Ointment you should Speer them ?"
The English clergyman desired the
master to proceed. Ho did so with great success, and tec boys answered satisfactorily numerous interroger A few weeks ago a man who lived	|	tories as to the	exodus of	the	lain the country had occasion to go to	j	raelitvs from Egypt.	The clergyman
London. He hadn't been there long then said ho would be glad to "speer before he got into conversation with the boys a Yankee, who commenced talking about wonderful things they had
"over there/*
"I guess you won't have heard	tleinan interposed
about that embrocation we have in America?" said th Yankee. " a cow’s tail
on the stump, and you have nnoth- Scottish cr tail on. tho cow in a week's time."
not in this game as a reckless fool
“ The management offers two hun died pesos to the man who will enter ; however much his admiring com pat ri
the arena and slay that toro with the ots in tho foreign quarter may be
lieve.
A WONDERFUL EMBROCATION
Don’t all speak at
matador’s blow once, senors, 1 beg.”
This is a thrust at the vaunted
The man who has led the life of a \ on> who shout their approval.
All danger to tin* man is not yet fast, and he does not deceive himself. This brute is to be feared until the
Texan cowboy for several years is apt to know something about wild bulls, and from his observation Jack is certain he has met Just as fierce brutes , last vital spark is drawn from his Each' generously declines in Mexico as this sable devil now pre-
courage of the foreigners who could laugh to see a brave matador meet his fate
and at once began :— "How did Pharaoh die ?"
There was a dead silence.
In his dilemma the Lowland gen
The men took at each other,
body
Before that time comes. Doc tor Jack means to show the good peo
and smile
to take away this pleasure from his paring to demolish him.
One thing is against him—he is not of in proper dress for such business, and unless exceedingly careful may slip upon the bloody tan bark or sawdust when such a thing will be fatal. What would he not give to have on a pair of baseball shoes at this moment, with spikes that might render his footing positively sure ?
If the mountain refuses to come to Mahomet, then Mahomet must go to the mountain. The bull continues to toss the earth as though he expected to see his new antagonist make for the hairier, and in truth the presence of the chulos, picadors, and banderil-
As a consequence, no
some
companions
one arises ; seeing which the Spaniards in the sun seats begin to laugh.
Jack feels a pair of midnight eyes uron him, the colour mounts to his face, and, turning, he looks at Mer-Her words seem before him in
I adore a Somehow the challenge
pie of Madrid how their cousins In Mexico carry on a bull-tight of rushing at him now, toro advances with lowered head, as though hoping to come In contact with his foe. He has become blown, and even the ohu-los could keep out of his way now Some of these worthies make a move as though to leave their perch upon the barrier, seeing which, Jack roars
1 think, sir, the boys ore not nci rnogi native eus tome d to your English accent ;
l can make <>i
And ho inquired in brand
Instead
You just simply cut off let me try what rub the embrocation them
"IIoo did riuiwraoh dee ?
Again there upon which the master said :
"Noo, boys, fat cum* to Phawruoh at his hinner end ?"
The boys with one voice rnswer-
was a dead silence
ced es
letters of Are—" Caramba
Ay, that's nowt," the country-
Yo’ want to see the
I
man said
embrocation we have at the place where 1 come fro'. Yo* just simply cut a cow’s tail off, stick part of ed the cow’s tail that yo’ cut off in the embrocation bottle, and there’s another cow grown on in about four days’ time."
t
brave man seems to have been dropped at his feet—he must either pick it up or de-
out
“ Keep back, you cowards ! This is my game !"
cline.
The manager still stands on his platform looking around, as if hoping that some old matador may deem the golden lure of sufficient value to risk his neck for, but no one signifies such an Intention.
When Jack Evans arises from his seat and takes off his coat almost every eye is Instantly glued upon him. He folds his outer garment, and lays
then, with a smile,
He was dimmed
And a smart little fellow added : "Ony lassie could hao tell*t yt %
(To Be Continued.)
that
SATISFACTORY
leros perched upon the fence like so many crows, with one leg thrown over, ready for retreat, gives good cause for such belief on the part of the monarch of the battle-field.
With a few rapid movements of his left arm Doctor Jack unfurls the little
Mrs. llrowne
Are you satisfied with the results of your daughter’s course at colli-ge?’’
Mrs. Whyte
Could Scarcely Straighten Up
Quite so; sdie is going to marry one of the professors."
it on the seat stands upon the railing, takes one look at Mercedes, sees the surprise and consternation on her face, for she has never expected this, and calls out in Spanish to the manager :
” Senor, I accept your offer. I am an American, and I will show you
red flag, then he advances straight toward the bull, which ceat.es to plough up the soil, and gases at the other as though deeming Ijlm crazy, lowers his massive head, and shoots forward.
The tan-bark files into the air as his
Every human being
On Account of Severe Paine In Small of Back—Deranged Kidneys the
Cause of Trouble.
The great salt mine at Wiellcska, in Galicia, has galleries which aggregate over thirty miles in length. The total yearly yield is 55,000 tons.
A great many people who suffer from backache, lame back and pains in the limbs think they have rhet» matisni and that there is no cure for them. At least nine caws in every ten can be cured by tho use of Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills. Mrs. Lessard was badly Yrippled before she began the use of this great kidney medicine. Here is her letter
. Mrs J Lessard, 150 Aqueduct street. Montreal, Que., states "My main trouble was with my back, which was very weak, and whenever I stooped I could hardly straighten up again on account of the severe pains which would catch me in the small of the back. Believing that my ailment was caused from deranged kidneys I began a course of treatment with Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills, and to-day I am all right again. This medicine seemed to act directly on the kidneys anti as a result improved my health generally. Tho distressing pains in my back have entirely disappeared and I feel real strong and wpll."
Mrs. Ross, 100 Manitoba street, St. Thomas, Ont., states :— I had a very weak back, and at times suffered very much from *c'<?re pains across the small of my back. Believing these to be caused by derangements of tho kidneys, I began tho use of Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pill». This treatment seemed to be exactly whut I required, for it was not long before the pains entirely left me, and I was quite strong and well again. We have also used Dr. Chase s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine for the children when they had coughs and colds, and I never knew it to fail to relieve the trouble at once "
Dr Chase # Kidney-Liver Pills, one pill a dose, 25 cents a box, si all dealers, or Edmansou, Bates & Ce*
"Ethel indu, darling," murmured the enraptured young man, "this is the happiest moment of my life. I came here this evening hoping, yet fearing. I could not put it off any
I felt that I must know my fate. The suspense was killing me. But now—I swear it by this lovely head resting so confidingly on my shoulder, by the kiss on your sweet lips, I—but what was that clicking noise I heard just then? ing, Walter, nothing but papa. lie's a lawyer, you know, but he amuses himself with all sorts of queer fads. He’s practising on us with his kodak. Go on, Walter, dear. What were you about tu swear
heels spurn it In that vist audience holds his or her breath in anticipation of what is to Is that a shock as the bull’s
bow we do this thing out In Mexico.”
•' Hurrah for Doctor Jack !” cries a voice from the foreign quarter—an acquaintance has recognized him.
Jack drops lightly over the barrier, and stands In the arena, alone with the black devil of a toro that has been playing such havoc with the regular stock company of bull-fighters.
come
head comes In contact with a human figure ? A cloud of duet obscures the longer scene in the arena, and, confident as
to the result, more than one person looks aloft, expecting to see the American whirling through space, badly wrecked.
Suck an anticipate a speedy ending of the adventurer confess their disappointment. and, turning to the ring agalng to learn the cause, discover old toro again tossing tan-bark with his horns while the American stands there taunting him.
Noth
CHAPTER IV
Admiration for bravery is not confined to civilized races. Even the vage people of the world re-
rpect those qualities la a man which
•	..	, n	m 1 ¦¦	^»e^«	—





###PAGE###3###
i*

». mt
WHEN SCOTSMEN "fidf
iiH that during epidemics the Roman citizens shut themselves up in their houses and paid attention to nothing except how to preserve solves from the pestilence. Boccaccio refers in his talcs to the attempts made by Florence to Preserve her citizens from the plague | jn Scotland, May 28th Is Given which overspread Europe in 1H46|	Over to a Carnival of
by denying access to all nick per-1	Flitting,
sons.
% :Ti ANCIENT SANITARY LAWS
rived. It was pitiful, this record of a young girl's first lovo afTnir, when one remembered that only six years after she had mot a violent and mysterious death. I will only give one extract. It detailed the porting of lovers, expressed her grief at enforced commands of her parents and so on. But the lines that moved mo most were, so far as I can remember, ns follows:
But ho will return rich and famous to claim my promise some day, and should anything prevent his coming he will send as a love token by a trustworthy messenger one of his beloved violin strings, two knots tied at ono end/

that very morning, and that ho had been in the habit of doing once a week when she was in town “The result of tho Inquiry that the jury found Lady Baton had died fronuan overdose of arsenic administeredby herself absence of proof that tho lady was in any mental or bodily trouble,
| 1 li<iy added a rider to the ofleet that "A place for everything, and every- to the beat of their belief the un-thlng |n il8 place," observed my ; happy event was tho result of an ac friend Basil Wyman, as he carefully cident."
put away a bundle of old magazines | Wyman paused for a moment and I in a corner of the cabinet which filled up the blank by remarking that seemed about four times too largo I had forgotten whether tho Lady for his mull study.	Mary Baton was married or not.
I** was just about to close the “No, old chap, she was The Lady' cabinet doors when 1 caught sight in her own right,” he answered, of a small open box divided into "and as both her father and mother »otu* compartments, In each of which had pro-deceased her • by six years reposed an article, tho one which and she had no brothers or sisters first caught my oyo being the stump she came in(p all the property which of a half smoked cigar.	was not entailed. Amongst it was
"You are getting economical in tho town house in Marbury Crescent, your old age," I remarked, pointing where she eventually met her death, to the fragmentary weed.	I When she entered society f*ho
“Not exactly,” he answered, with1 chaperoned by her aunt, tho Hon. a smile. "There is a history at- Mrs. Hadleigh, and these two lived inched to tho contents of that box together, of course, with a retinue of of especial interest to me, betpuse it servants, spending the season in relates to an incident in my career Ixmdon and tho remainder of the when, in addition to my orthodox year either abroad or at Lady timed leal duties. 1 adopted thoMo of a' ton's country house in Hampshire, crime investigator." Scenting a| "I have already explained that I story, I pressed for further ditails, was by no means satisfied with the providing there was no reason why coronet's verdict, but uPPurcntly they should not be told.	with tho exception of Mrs. Hadleigh
I stood alone in my opinion.
•T had met Lady Baton a great deni socially as well as professionally, and had made somewhat of a study of her character. I have never met a clearer-headed or more busi-
w o i n a
twenty-four when she died, but ever since she had come of ago, she had managed her own affairs with conspicuous cleverness were ever taken without she thoroughly mastered the details previously.
•H-H-f Wi-M4-
son
I
HO
them-
BUSIEST DAY IN THE YEAH, FOR FURNITURE VANü.
THOSE LAID DOWN BY MOSES ARE FOLLOWED TO-DAY.
w as
And in tho
He Was the First Lawgiver—State Medicine, Past, Present and
Future.
tho
Thirty odd centuries ago, the great lawgiver Moses laid down sanitary rules, regulations and exercises which are followed at the present day by all civilized and semi-civili*ed lions, writes J. M. Emmcrt, M. 1).
Some 1,300 years before tho Christian era, the code contained in the Mosaic Exodus
lions
The Scottish system is to let, houses by the year from May 28th ; even the smallest, consisting of only one room, are so let great day, in any large town,
afforded range from laughable to the pathetic.
As soon as it is daylight, the vane
Quarter of a Million More Females j previously "trystetT *gin their
Million ! work ; the goods are loaded up with
more haste than care, and to , accompaniment of the good house-Let me take you, in imagination, i Wifc'8 lamentations os some cherish» to a mighty street, down which j ed household god is roughly flung stream the four ond a half million int0 tho van. Arrived at the destinmen, women and children who make | atjon> further troubles are in More ;
the County oi London. There perhaps the new house is not yet va-would still be millions left in the cated, and, as tho van is required suburbs, for Greater London has a ; for other removals, the goods population of considerably over »ix dumped down in the street, and a half millions of human beings, , there the poor family are left strand-says a writer in l’c.irsoa'e Weekly.
Look at them as tncy come, young and old, sound and halt, threc-quur-of them are true Londoners,
FOREIGN LANDS IN LONDON
I I
On the
tha
na-
tte
AMAZING FACTS ABOUT THE ] sights WORLD'S CAPITAL
laid down rcstric-every possible act tliat
"I closed tin- book and drew the mankind may perform i<> impair or violin string from my pocket, and impede existence Such as they , knew beyond all doubt that Heggle are, it is hardly possible to |*n-Murston had encompassed Lady lia- pi*o\o upon tliem at this enlightened ton's death, for there were two day. Moses instructed his people knots in the pâme position as those that those sanitary commands were mentioned in tho diary, tied in this inspired by a Supreme Being; that
the only health officer in exist was the Almighty, who could watch over their trespasses against law. No matter where they might he, or what they might do, tho Supreme Overseer would bring them to justice for the violation of tho code of health.
It was handed down to tho Israelites in an oral way for about one thousand years, when it became corrupt and neglected, like other laws of long standing when there is no one to enforce them.
About six centuries ago the Christian era, the great Sanhedrim formed; it consisted of seventy-two men, who compiled the oral law to a written law, adding to it, besides the moral, regulation
health and life
on
Than Men.—A
School Children
the
•TTf
up
one.
"I sat dazed for a few minutes, staggered by this terrible confirmation of my suspicions, and then recovering somewhat cabled to a friend in Ceylon:
" 'Require information regarding man named Reginald Marston, supposed to have married widow in Ceylon five years ago. Is ho still in Ceylon?’
Whilst 1 was waiting for the reply I made n thorough examination of the room, and pieced together in my own mind the details of the crime. After events proved pretty conclusively that my conjectures were not far wrong.
"1 came at them by noting a few facts connected with the room. In the first place Lady Baton had not changed her boudoir when her parents died. The window had been wide open on tho fatal day — the weather being hot — and, what was still more important, it could not be seen from tho road, nor was it overlooked by any other windows.
When I also saw that a waterspout ran up alongside it, I had no longer any doubt as to the general correctness of my deductions.
"Within twenty-four hours I had a reply to the cablegram. It ran:
Marston's wife died a year ago, husband having dissipated every penny of her money. ITe left here six months ago supposedly to take up previous profession. Police here would like news of him/
1 will not weary you with a description of how I tracked the murderer down. Let it suffice that I eventually ran him to earth in a common lodging house in Wapping.
"A glance at his face assured me that dissipation had brought him to death’s door. Without any preamble I told him that I knew of his crime. Ho would have started to bluster, but I silenced him with the words:
" T will describe to you the exact events of that afternoon. You arrived in London the previous
night and being desperate determin-	..	*
cd to appeal to your former sweet- practical and sanitary régulât * • heart to keep her promise. There It is to the Justinian Law that were reasons not altogether uncon- present civilization is mceb e< nected with the police of Ceylon the abolishment ot polygamy.	*
which rendered it inadvisable that to the laws of Justinian that we aie you should go openly to the front ! indebted for the prohibition ot the door and ask to see her; so you marriage consanguinity climbed up the	waterspout to her hi nation of the Mosaic, lam
boudoir window. She was in tho mid Justinian laws forms a fair code
sr-s sasr116	S
" She pointed out that your own best text books on hygieni that ha. action had annulled it. You at- ever been written. Be who strictly tempted to appeal to her feelings by 'allows its teachings will >e a P producing the violin string which feet sanitarian. We must learn, was to have been your love token, says a distinguished wri ei,	° 1
only amused her and aroused gard physical as well as moral sins your anger. Seeing the blue vase an greatly displeasing in the sight
and wooden shoe you had once given of God."	.
her, on tho overmantel, you tore Jewish hygiene and diet me well
sr T 62	°.;=
drinking previous to your entry, to to certain fish of the wateis and tu screw up your courage, and the	spiv-	tain beasts	of the field,
it began to take effect on you.	the Mosaic	Law that we	have learn-
Lady Baton ordered you to cd to legislate against unwholesome leave, and threatened to call for as- food, especially of animal food, resistance, and that moment you flung ery one of us knows with what enr her back in the chair and forced the tho Jews kill their cattle and then poison which you had previously fowl, and with what care the noticed on the table h.v her	side,	topple# are made on the	animals
down her throat before she had	real-	before they	arc declared	ht	for use.
ized your intention, holding her The sanitary law» of Moses pro-there until it had done its work. , vided for the segregation of Icpcis Something prevented you leaving for and the fumigation and destruction some hours afterwards, probably the of infected clothmg. These l a gardener was at work below, but great influence on Christian nations at last the const was clear and you when contagion was recognized in slipped out by the same way you epidemics, and probably most o
The time then was about them were, from the standpoint of I can fix it because, nl- to-day, either directly nr indirectly
know ' infectious, and a grand advance in the preservative methods became pos-
aro
and
the
ed for the time. Occasionally some street»—in Glasgow, for instance— present an appearance of wholesale evictions.
So numerous are the demands that vans cannot always lx* obtained, and every kind of vehicle, including horseless carriages, poj ularly known ns "hurleys," is pressed into service, supplemented by father, mother and the children, each carrying pictures, mirrors, or other cherished articles too precious to trust to the tender mercies of some ram-
iers
bred and born.
Hut look. What strikes you most ? The women arc in enormous excess. From a marrying point of view, London is not the place for women. Not only is the number of bachelors increasing at a rapid rate, but there are more than a quarter of a million more females than males. London’s superfluous females could people a town as big as Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and yet leave enough over to fill Chester. Many of these women will have to migrate to find husbands. There is plenty of room for them in 41 1 colonies.
ool children ; there
And
i •
For answer, Wyman drew thj box from its resting place, and put it on the table, and we filled our pipes and glasses preparatory to settling down in our dual position of narrator and listener.
"You will observe," commenced tho that tho other three e>'tides consist of a little wooden eiioo such as ladies love to tie with gaily colored ribbon.to their overmantels, a small blue vase also used for decorating purposes, and an ordinary violin string."
"Truly a heterogeneous collection," I murmured.
"Just so
tho
was
She was only
shackle conveyance
doctor
every possible sanitary that may benefit human This tribunal enact-improve every possible securing healthy food,
T11ESK PROCESSIONS
arc moving along all day. The présentât:ve of law and order, upon this day, at least, Is very lenient,
his gruff "Move on
donee, and his ready note-hook gets
a rest ; there are no
«•truction reported, although loaded vans have to remain in a street all night. Jt may be that the "polisman" grasps the humors of the situation, or perhaps a feeling influences him
own flitting is in progress, and he retires
and no steps
ro-
od laws to
of
means
clothing and shelter, and established minor judiciary courts in every possible community, and gave these courts the right to bring before themselves any one who violated the
The laws of the
well
is less in evi-
Look at t
aie nearly a million of them then the old people of over seventy-fix o ; see, there is a band of them far over 50,000 strong, mostly women. They would fill Inverness and Perth, would these old Londoners.
Why, what a healthy place this enormous city must be, especially for women. London women live much longer than the men. Count how many people there are who have lived over a hundred long years. There are two dozen of them, and nineteen
I
was it likely with that character
Now I ask you that o, woman
would make the terrible mistake of . . ,	Yet each had their ap- taking an enormous overdose of ar-
pom ed place in the unravelling cf	]iy mistake?
a| ( l ime, which would in all prob*| ««j wns not altogether surprised to
ability have remained a mystery for hear that she wns addicted to oil time, had it not been for theii
assistance
live years
I 4
cases" of ob-often
sanitary measures Sanhedrim were enforced and
fcllow-
the
kept
FOR HUNDREDS OF YEARS,
No doubt his
arsenic habit. It is practiced more I>o you remember about than is generally supposed — and back Society being as-	paton had a naturally bud
tounded to bear that the Lady Mary complexion, moreover was very Balon. one of its reigning queens, sensitive regarding it. I felt sure had been found dead in her boudoir? thftt Khe would have thoroughly snt-he shoe and vase belonged to her. j8jjcfl horself as to the dose she J he cigar stump was found beneath cmjjd take with safety, and would ic ciaii in which she lay slid and |,avo j)00n more than careful not to cold; the violin string was tightly
clenched in her contracted fingers. |
Hut I must tell the events in their logical sequence if you are to understand the bearing each had on the story of how she met her death.
"Well, in the first place, my con-
during the time that Judea could establish and enforce its own laws, but when it fell under the sovereignty of the Romans, they were unable to enforce the law» with Roman influence; consequently, they were kept only by the pious Jews.
The infidels could not be compelled to keep the commands under Roman law. Hence the pious Jews of the sixth century appealed to the Roman Emperor Justinian, under whose reign a code was compiled by sixteen eminent jurists, establishing
Roman States, and
off duty to some strange abode, there to assist in carrying in his goods, to sup olf a crust of bread and cheese, and sleep on the floor as others have to do.
A stranger naturally inquires tho cause of this one day given over to It is to be found in the can-
4 4 4
arc women.
Most of those babies you see arc boys. It is only at ages above five years that the
FEMALES EXCEED THE MALES.
I 4
chaos
lion of the Scottish landlord. It is difficult to obtain a house at any other time than the lawful removal day, and the canny house-owner has prudently secured his rent a fortnight previously, May 15th.
"Moonlight" flitting» are thus practically unknown, and there is little loss of rent from that cause. The rents being payable half-yearly
only, the cost duced, os is the risk of lose, to a
The system entails great workingmen compelled
overstep the bounds.
"I discussed the question Mrs. Hadleigh, and found her opinion wns in accordance with my own. Consequently she gave me full nu! thority to take any further steps 1
..	...	deemed advisable and offered me any
ncction with the cose was a very nn- n.isisluncp she could give. You will
Imnl one, for ever since 1 hud been	,-ententher	that the violin	string was
in practice for myself I had been	the	found ughtiy clasped in	the dead
family doctor to Lady Da ton	and irrs hand *
most of her relatives Consequent- -Now the first place there was v, when the poor lady 8 body was absolutely no reason why n violin discovered, I naturally was sent for. stri should be in the house. Lady
l*“'°n,1C t htA'C Daton certainly did not play the in-o it that she had died from	the	Htrunient,	nor, so fur as	we could
S’"' arsenical poisoning.	A1 ascertain,	did any of the	other in-
.vh;U,V anticipating matters nmte. Wo searched every room,
hn t..’ , T Ty Wr ,Ully i but there was no trace of a violin mnriL ^ the m,bseqUent *>ost or any parts appertaining to it,
beyond that solitary string.
"She had been dead some four or q asked Mrs. Hadleigh if to her five hours when discovered and in-, knowledge any of Lady Daton s inquiries from her maid elicited tho timate friends had been violinists, fact that she had retired to her bou- For a long time she could think of doir, in the early part of the after- none, then suddenly she ejaculated: noon, giving instructions that on! *• 'Why, Reggie MnrstonF adding a no account was she to be disturbed moment after. 'But that was years until she rang for the girl. Her in- ago.' structions were followed out to the letter, although nothing was heard
the
with
These facts make you anxious to know how many of these people who rush by are married. Well more than a third arc married. The widowed alone number 270,000. However, these young men you see are not so anxious to get married as were their fathers ; they prefer single bliss as they would term it.
Some of these people who pass by us have married young enough in all conscience. Why, ten of those girls of fifteen arc wives. More remarkable still there arc two widows of sixteen ; one lives in Bermondsey, and the other in Westminster. London has only three boy-husbands under seventeen.
Who have those fifteen-year-old wives married ? Well, one has married a boy of twenty ; two have married men of between twenty-five and thirty ; while the other seven are not living with their husbands.
How do all these people make a living ? Their businesses arc numberless." There are even twenty-eight female blacksmiths, of whom eleven arc single women.
Their occupations are constantly undergoing a change. The biggest alteration during the last ten years has been an increase of over 180
in the number of female
times
laws for all
quoting decisions mostly from Jewish Talmud, including many moral and sanitary measures, which is now termed the Justinian Law. Besides adopting many of the Tal-
which did not differ
the
of collection is re-
'
mudic laws, Hi	I
from the Mosaic, they added many
minimum hardship to to change the scene of their labors. They frequently cannot obtain a house until term day, and have consequently to take lodgings and support their family in another town. If fortunate onougn to obtain a house, the landlord steps ir, and requires a full year's rent to l>c paid or dc[ osited in bank before he allows the goods to be removed. Tho unfortunate head of a household is also responsible for the full year's rates of his "new" house, although he may have paid in full at t is vacated horse.
The com-
I urged her to tell me about the she referred to, explaining however remote the acquaint-for dinner, and then the disc in the once was, it might have an import-servants hall, which indicated that ant bearing on the sad affair, the electric bell in her room had been j “i;a answer touched, fell; and the maid hastened ican-t that there
THE ONLY ADVANTAGE
.	.	, ,	pei son
from her until it was time to dress that,
to the tenant is security of tenure for twelve months, and the certainty of being accommodated at the piry, in the general scramble.
it happens sometimes, houses being erected,
This
ex-
to my inquiries I had been sonic ( yearn before a boy and girl love at Lady Baton's affair between poor Lady Baton and
and the Reggie Marston alluded to. The lady’s parents had objected on the grounds of their youth, and tho fact that Marston was solely dependent upon his own efforts for a livelihood. The result usual in such cases followed. The lovers parted vowing eternal fidelity, and Marston, who
Of
per cent
clerks ; that is, exactly ten as big an increase as in male clerks.
The next biggest increase is in the number of men employed in the electrical trades, an increase of nearly 170 per cent. There has also been a vast increase in the number of actors male and female—mostly male, although there arc more females on the stage.
Amongst these people e there arc many mor@ artists than literary workers. This is especially true with respect to the females, for there arc only 666 women joui nul «sts while there are 1.411 unmarried women artists, not to mention 264 married.
The number of foreign born people who pass us would almost fill Cardiff, seeing that
THERE ARE OVER 161,000.
course, through new
that someone is able to start ball rolling a day or two before term, to the comfort of all involved in the particular circuit, but, generally speaking, May term-day in Scotland is not an institution to bo
up
"She tapped
door, but received no answer, after knocking rather louder with a similar result, ventured to enter."
"Her mistress was sitting in a chair — in the girl’s own words —
‘crouched up all of a heap,' with n small phial labelled poison clasped in her right hand.
“For a few moments the girl fail- was m officer in tho Mercantile sored to realize the full meaning of the vice, vuis drafted to a foreign sta-sccne, for she approached tho unfor- tion. His vows apparently worried lunate lady and put some question him bit little, for eighteen months regarding the dress to be worn that | later news arrived that he had mar-night. There was no response and ried a rich woman in Ceylon and then a glimmering of the truth broke by that time Lady Baton-had ap-upon the maid, and she seized the parently got over her girlish predil-hund which held the violin string,1 ection for him, for she received tho only to drop it again with a shriek, | Intimation with some jesting reniai
“Observe that ut the very outset "As hinted by Mrs. Hadleigh, this there was a mystery attached to the Marston had been a very capable affair. I arrived on tho scene with- performer upon the violin. The in a quarter of an hour of tho mention of Marston’» profession maid’s discovery, and could certify caused me to prick up my ears, for beyond doubt that Lady Baton had I had already noted that the cigar been dead for some hours, yet the end now before you was not of a electric bell of her room had pre- type usually smoked in England. In sumnbly been pressed by someone my earlier days I travelled a good only twenty minutes before.	deal, as you know, and had met that
“Of course there was an inquest, stamp of ‘smoke’ in Gibraltar and and this point was raised. The ex- there only planation that either the maid was sort that sailors usually got a stock mistaken regarding the falling of of when calling at that port. You the disc, or that the wire had got will see that it was possible thùt the
bell two articles foreign to the room
the
« <
admired and copied.
Strange to say, Sandy not only takes this day philosophically, but is much more addicted to "flitting" than people south of the Tweed, some families moving regularly every year without any apparent necessity. One would scarcely expect the worry and discomfort of the day, and succeeding temporary chaos, to he voluntarily undertaken, but the fact is
au-
J
entered 6.30.
though you probably did not it, you accidentally touched]^ *	|
electric \m\\ push—which was by the si hie
One more
so
The continuance of the system itself is a standing monument to the British long-suffering and law-abiding nature.
for it was limp and cold
take the lead with
( ?er-
The Russians
88,000, followed by 27,000 mans.
particularly there arc not many than there were ten years ago the same observation applies to (he I 'reach
Italians, who have more than doubled, and the Russians, who have far more than trebled. Stepney is (he great foreign colony ; in fact, a fifth of its inhabitants are foroign-
AI.L EUROPEAN NATIONS
left behind the remains enlol.ce<j jaWS for limiting the spread Here it is.*	of leprosy, and these, which have
down from ancient
window—ns you got out point—you of a cigar.
“I pushed it towards him,* ¦ drew my hand back hastily for the shadow of the hangman's noose had
for his enfeebled —Pearson's
Germans do not appear to be fond of London, as more of them
and
GAMES OF TAG
but
been handed times, had merely to bo modified in their application in order to exercise a controlling influence on the spread of fulminant febrile diseases.
Before and after the beginning of |*gJ*J*ggera, plagues, pestilences and famines were classed together as of divine origin.
Greeks and Romans, from the donee of their authors, resorted to forms and ceremonies to avert epidemics. Statues were erected V Aesculapius and Apollo; Sibylline books were consulted, nails driven into the walls of the Temple of Jupiter Copitolinus and the Lec-tinterne ceremonies were among the remedies applied to epidemics before the time of Christ. Later, festivals, mournings and founding of religious structures were resorted to in order to appease the divine anger, to which the epidemics were attributed. For hundreds of years, thousands and thousands of human lives sacrificed from various causes
Lively Pastimes in Favor Among Children in Switzerland.
The contrary is true of the
too much
IIo was dead
been
nerves.
Weekly
that
Swiss children make believe the pursuer in the game of chase or tag is invested with an imaginary evil spirit, whost, power is subject to certain charms. For instance, if they touch cold iron, a gate-latch, a horseshoe or un iron nail the power of the demon is broken. Sometimes they make gold or silver their charm.
They play cross-chase, in the runner who darts across patch between the pursued and tho pursuer becomes tho object of tho catcher, and the former one goes free. Again, if the runner squats he is free, or he may squat three times, and after The chaser
» f
I knew that it was the
the Christian
ELECTRIC WAVES
The
CIS
evi-
of the Haynald Kalocsci, Hungary, an electric apparatus
Father Schreiber Observatory at
has	M HH|
for recording distant thunderstorms.
An electric wave, set in motion by a flash of lightning, is registered by a detector resembling in its action that used in the Marconi telegraph system. Tho impulse is communicated to a pen connected with a disk by clock-work, and when the pen makes its record a bell is rung whose vibration resets the coherer raging invisibly 20 miles away are thus recorded, and on one occasion, on a bright day, the apparatus made known the prevalence of a violent
storm in
We shall not sec anything like the number of Asiatics or Africans
into contact with some other
in the house was accepted by the cor- were likely to be the property of a
satisfy man of Marston’s tastes.
I “Having deduced this you can In my evidence I also mentioned guess my feelings when Mrs. Rad-the stump of the cigar found be- leigh volunteered information that ncath the chair; pointing out that the ornamental shoe and blue vase its presence in a lady’s boudoir was, which had been fojnd on the hcarth-to say the least of it, strange, rug had been his gifts to poor Lady Twentieth century representatives of Daton on returning home from the gentler sex are, I know, addicted voyage.
to the practice of cigarette smoking» "I examined the ribbon by which in the privacy of their own rooms, the shoo had been fastened to the but they draw the line at cigars. I overmantel and found that it was maV here say that the blue vase and tom asunder as though the shoe had ornamental shoe had either been been dragged from its fastening by drugged from their usual place on violence.
the mantelpiece or had fallen. for) "Very shadowy grounis for tlivv lay on the hearth-rug directly peeling a man of murder, you facing Lady Baton.	Isay, old chap.	g* 111
"However the jury did not think trifles which have broughv criminals
litIliHn
same
that we should have done a decade There
oner and jury, but did not
to
are only twenty-three in all London, and
ago
Chinese women
when we have counted every foreigner from the East the total will he 420. Asiatics are fur rarer in Lon don than most people imagine.
The favorite district for Americans is Westminster. By far the greater portion are people without occupation, though the chief occupation is that of play-acting. There are 103 male, and 108 female actors, while there are also seventy male and sixteen female journalists.
What do all these foreigners do ?
Well, most of the Russians arc tailors, though a goodly few are bootmakers, and cabinet-makers. The
the chit**) çoetinuêlly.
which
me
the
were
a
that the charm is lost, often disguises himself, unless the captives can guess the captive is banished the game. They also play turn-cap—the chaser wearing his cap with the lining outside.
Another Swiss game is called pot of gold. One of the swiftest runners takes a stick and pretends to dig a pot of gold. He works away
then cries out
Storms
and *¦
who ho is
irom
Budapest, 68 miles dis-
werc
and infectious epidemics, of which we now seldom hear. Tho so-called sweating plague of the latter part of tho fifteenth and the fore part of the sixteenth centuries has not been heard of since „ 185i.= Black death and epidemic» of cholera with
late as 1848 and
sus-
will
tant
But it is these very
for
AS MUCH PARCHMENT AS LAND
A piece of land which they have purchased for £25 has cost th<*
District Council
any
Pontefract Rural £21 for conveyance from the landowner, Mr Sotheron-Estcourt. «L clerk to tho council remarked at a meeting that it seemed to him land transferred might almost covered by the four square yards of parchment which the conveyance tupied.
its ravages
1849, and the pest of the tropical countries, yellow fever, to say noth
the various other zymotic infectious diseases.
typhus, diphtheria, scarla- kerB are italiai	I
have become a rarity the majority of organ grinders in the
Livy telle | Metropolis	l

The
of—^
epidemics and
the
be
such as

Una, etc., -----------
among civilized nation»
on

x

/



###PAGE###4###


\r *



m



THE EQUITY.
SHAWV1LLE, JULY K, 1902.
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
• SMART & SMITH SHAWVILLK
MASSEY-HARRIS
—with a full line of-	TÎ& /$T TJ	% ' If
Sylvester machinery 1V1RK© Ilfty
W ABB-ROOMS
Another frightful turning horror oo-1 Also a stock of vlined in the Pennsylvania coal holds last week, in which the victims of the accident numbered 200 chiefly foreigners.


Wfjiie the Sun Shines
and Buy your

ADAMS' WAGONS.
BRANTFORD CARRIAGKS and
EXPRESSES. DOWSKLLS WASHERS, WRINGERS mad LEADER CHURNS.

vWvvvVV\ii
PREPARE FOR^HEHAY HARVEST.
Haying & Harvesting Tools|X—
First of all—Quality.
Folding Bar, operated automatically by coil spring.
Adjustible Whiffletrees.
Largest range of Tilt of Mower made.
A wide Rake with a Frame that will not sag.
Ilio (Mario Government lias named the ten new township to be surveyed in the Temiacaming district.
townships get the names of members of I Ware rooms next door to l). McRae’s shop. fhe house, the list including the following
Davidson, Gross, Trux, Tudhope.
L>rd^ Salisbury the aged Premier of iivat Britain, has resigned that respon
¦sinîe position after nearly half a century of active political life. The Hon. A. J Hal tour, leader of the Government in the House of Commons, has accepted tho premiership. Sir Michael Hicks Reach, also has resigned the Chancellorship of the hx chequer, and other changes in the Cabinet are foreshadowed.
The close season in Ontsri > for ba s may be changed. Many complaints have reached the fishery department at Tor OTto tint bass caught between June 15 when the close season ends, and July 1 .have in many instances not spawned, and in consequence the close sea u:i may be advanced so that fishing may kc^ia on July 1. The federal government, which fixes the close season, has the matter un- , der consideration.
Some of these
:: from us. ::
Our prices are away below the other fellows.
R. J. HAMILTON. I What Do You Think of This ?
- Straight Handled Hoy Forks for 05 cents. Scythes at 50c, 70c,.and 75 cents each.
Three prong Hay Forks, bent handle at 35 cents.
A Call Solicited.

K1
(


P. S. Hay Forks.
6 V±
Get Ready for It !
Qttawa's GREAT
PAIR! I MACFARLANE BROS.
any
t
Just Received—A Car-load of new Salt.
Made in following sizes :
L’O Tooth— 9 ft G in. wide. 30 Tooth—10 ft. V in. wide. IH Tooth—1l' feet wide.
AUGUST M-ll
this
year.
\

First cf tha Big Shows, j 1902
WANT MEW AND KOVEL FEATURES
SMART & SMITH.
1902
A Menace to the Live Stock
Trade.
A HEWLY REBUILT MILL !
CLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS|HICH CLASS Wd MEDIUM
The attention of live stock exporter*»	_ ,	----
breeders and the prei#, is called to the Increased Prize List and Special
case, of H. F. Page, of Mission City, B	x,	n à'a*
C., who was compelled to pay $ KMX) duty	Premiums lOf H8W Comp6kltlOIIS
ten Percheron horses exported to the and Cl AKA*
United Ststes through the port of Sumas,	6
Washington, in October, 1001. These i	^ MONSTER DISPLAY
*" » -[Remember that we .re adding to our reputation
cneron Horse Breeders Association, as	----?----- lifaCtUVerS of HlGH GtBADE FlOVR
ÊiÉSSiH! TrotMfrning ssaasaB* ^ ^
and will render their decision acme time Marti nette Family, Acrobats ; also Sell rein Atirust	)er, the Bicycle wonder of the century, in
The*action of Collector Butti, ha, been 1 marVcUous am* fchrillinK feata-rather severely criticised by “The Rauch" a well-known agricultural papar of Seat J °» Wash., to which journal ho contri-,,	_
alien stock breeder residing in British works ever given in Canada. South Af-Lolumbn. On October 18ih, 1901, he lienn heroes will take part in the Spectac-imported at Snma four stalliom and six u,n.r* " hich will hw unusually impressive mares, making entry fur same a# pure i thrilling.
SxWHSl' Er™ «sa* -
jH which prjvides that any »oim»! pure |\,r Prize lists entry forms and all In-D.ea ot a ie:ognized bred, duly registre i formation, write the Seentary. ana cartitied aa required by the recula i	p	Aunai
ttons of the H n S c^*rV ,f the TmJ	E-
aury.eha 1 bd admitted fro : when impo t o'	“ llKk
special.y h r breeding purp is vs. Pud' cortitica ei were pieiented with the entry, but ai t io animals were evidently ini -Parted fur sale, the importer was requir ed to deposit the amount of duty that would acrue in cise the animals weie found not to bo entitled to free
on
^FURNITURE.
as man-
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
, No, sir !
I
JAMES WILSON.
THE BURNING OF MOSCOW
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
|U| cCORMICK M0W2RS
@89	APT! T3TTTT m •
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
on
ARE BUILT RIGHT

Get the McCormick
if?, V

_

m


THE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
V
m
nr
? H

FRESH ARRIVALS
IN


A
i


i ,¦

Np»

IN
-I
ilî’tfC


* ",
JUBILEE CHIMES




FACTORY
0
«fl

itWMMH
mmm

No. 32335, A. T. R.
Standard Bred aqd Registered.
ana was given an opportunity to produce	HAAN LL\ CHIMES No..27908.
satisfactory evidence that they were m- Time* L>-10* Dam, Velveteen ; time 2.81} tended specially for breeding purposes, hy Glencoe Goldust. No. 5823. which said evidence was lacking ou en- Juki 11er Chimes will stand for the ser-try. Neither the deputy collector at v‘<e ^ares at Shaw ville during the Sumas nor this office questioned the season of ^ health permitting, genuineness of the reghtratcn papers as ,. Ti:rVs :~Yot lh,c season $10, payable at
*3 is, sst? k± .................
that he was Required to deposit the duty.
(Note—Mr. Page says “He w?s never a • informed.”) It was pure’y a question cf evidence on the point of the purpose for
sfpplggsas
SggSiSSrl	|üS£5iSS ilffissii
matter depends en the official interpréta- Sir Richard Caitwright’e letter to the ,nt>re eo1ul(1 a,nd shoul‘i do it out of kind- for the m rtinn V tn tte@8t n* U luw*
PiSES BSs'SSsTflS ilMslIl Eefèeie
been raised, although it is a well known politics? They are these. Firit, ejoin- ,ul<i b.v whom, and if hy more than one	”“Mct to ‘““Patton and all
y % •* « P“Ui*	-* r.P,J\X	”• —	Oil...,
• n and always as far as I have hfth, protection of labor from monopoly; All correspondence strictly private and	Northern and Western
known, free of duty. If the contention sixth, no railway bonuses; seventh, vot- confidential. Address,	Hy. Co. and cf the Pon.
of Collector Huestis is sustained, the era lists by local officials; eighth, no	N. McCUAIG,	I acific.JunctionRy.Co.
decision will generally be regarded as a gerrymandering; ninth lands for the sat- ,	Provincial Game Warden.
decided injustice, and contrary to the tiers, Now there is simply no single one :	of the Game Laws, commiefioners appointed to repoit to th*
.pint of the i.w. It will cau.e.com- of.ll tl,e.e objec-s which the Li be»’. lXlo“ "	('0nrer"' ^ Oorernment upon ,he be.t kind of ,zri-
plete cew.tion of the tr.de in pure bred have not been fighting for.end doing their “ No person owning, having or harbor eulturel ,chool‘ t(r the West.
Lock between this country^and the Uni- j very hast to obtain any time during the in8 any dog accustomed to hunt and pur
ted States; in fact it has already had that last 25 years.	sue deer shall allow such dog to run at narverW n •	..	,
result, as far as the trade between B. C. This is how these pledgee to the Pat-	bunt or course In any place inhab u °	on.verity has conferred the
sSWIEeishse êmèm
SSpSïSs—S	SSSXS«
iriA0i^,,T)Pt.îfg from (,snada and from Mills, were Cabinet Minister.	ment refused to make a test case of west-
t* Id > «>rld pure bred at >ck of all Third : Tariff for revenue only.—The ern land grievances, when chal'ergdd to mds; and t list such stock is permitted Nation il I' licy is stil unchanged. • do so during tha session of 1901.
> pass in free, provided it is accompanied Fourth : Reciprocity irr Trade.—Still in Truly the nine articles of faith have t y the pr »per certifiâtes of registration, abeyance and government is said to have been delightfully ignored, ihe Government dues not follow such refused it.
¦ÉBMU

RUN LIGHT.
(Formerly McCredie & tjodgins)
Is again built up
AT THE
Big 4 Mower,
Vertical Lift Mower 4J'cr5 “ Little 4 (1-horse) 31 cr 4 "
12 feet 40	“	_____
Ail Steel, Self-Dump, Repairs on hand.
G or 7 foot cut
and it will gst the hay.
•	— •*¦*«¦*»
Cash Store.
STARK’S
CORNERS.
and
8 fvet	20 Teeth
8	feet	2t>	“
9	feet	2:1	“	-
0 feet	29
ready for business.
C
All mares at own-
1JEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP-TO-DATE MACH IN EH Y AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE Pt BMC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	••
L. DUMAS.
At McGuire's Hotel,
Shaw ville.
C. A HOWARD - AGENT - SHAWVILLE.
; j Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
Deer and Moose.
NOTICE.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mould-Ins's, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done ns usual.
the
SILAS YOUNG.
ROBERT G. HODCINS.
Here it is! SHAWVILLE’S
W NEW
The Place' °°°^

FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Eavetroughing,
FJoofiqg and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
law up. n
In connection with my former bust***** I have just placed In position a net of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of


Sash,
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
THE MARKETS.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 00 to 75c. Flour per barrel, $4.00 to $0.00. Oats per bushel. 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per hush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Kggs, per dozen, to 12c&. Butter, per pound, 14 to 15c.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I 'hall look forward to a future in crease In business.
DALE BROS.,
__ Shawville.
paM
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR

%



###PAGE###5###

*•-1 1
mm
Z
THE EQUITY,
3®
#
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
M7*LfSe*D EVERY THURSDAY
AT 8HAWVILLE. Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$ 1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, uulesi by special arrangement with the publisher.

Haying and Harvest! ng

County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Booms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
The Kind tljat Gets all tlje Cream
The Improved
U. S
Cream Separator



:o:
StarcH
ADVERTISING RATES ;
Inégal Advertising eight cents per line for
.fl.r;Uua^luOeOntld,,ru0enU ptir 1,“e tor
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #4.00 per year.
Ixfoal announoeniente Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 6 cents for subsequent Insertions
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instruc lions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly, j
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.

For Ironing
. REQUISITES I
Bee Starch gives the best polish, with the least rubbing and is guaranteed to prevent the iron sticking to the linen. It requires cooking—just mix with hot
or cold water.
¦¦¦free ¦¦¦
A set of three Patent Flat Irons nlckled, In exchange for too Bee Brand coupons, ôavithim.
BEE STARCH CO., MONTREAL
a m
y
#
»
Scythes and Snaiths
Hay Rakes

no
L\
JOB PRINTING.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order* by mall promptly attended to.
*

f

JOHN A. COWAN
9
Publisher.
Hay Fork Rope. RECEIVED C0LD MEDAL, the highest award
Business Cards.
t
w. B. CRAWFORD,
Wholesale Agent, Shawville,
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
! ! N. Y., last summer.
MEDICAL.
DR. McNAUGHTON.
CEO. HYNES,
Guaranteed
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built 1>
James Cu’ hhvrt son, opposite the Exhibition ground*.
MAIN ST., EAST.
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoon*, telephone In office.
Pure Paris Green.
before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the - the best machine made—at our warerooms.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
8HAWVILLE, - - QUE.
" fJ. 8.”
A. SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
Grain Cradles,
Blades,
Forks and Fork Handles, Whitstones.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow* by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orrica and Residence : J. H Armutroko's House, MAIN STREET - • SHAWVILLE.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of t une-ra! Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of every week. ' Office at II. McC. Ritchie's residence.
J
Headquarters for
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, LU, District and Country.
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
G.F.HODGINS
George A. Street, aged 70, dropped dead at London, Oat.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
John McLennan, tm old citizen of Midland, waa found drowned in the b*y
ADVOCATE, «fcc.,	I M s§ L'zzte Edwardr, of Toronto, was
Office : Trust Building, No. 4d Sparks drowned by the upsituig of a rowboat at
St., Ottawa, Ont.	I Kew Beach.
L Mia Fiater aged 10. shot and killed her une’e at Louisville, Ky., while he
CEO. c. Wricht,|~ -w.L.,
* bit , is de id from blood poisoning contracted from a pimple on the face.
Wm. gamble,
Ice Cream Freezers.
AT SIIAWV1LLE EVERY MONDAY.
was
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-,
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Trust Building-
Ad Spark-t Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. lii&L

ASH FOR
&
9
Five Toronto 6 re nr. en were killed by the k * vl ui
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
. z
m
ter	(LONDON)	I |—¦ I ¦	All
INDIA PALE ALE TlShing Nets
Sold all over Canada at Grocers, Clubs and ‘	—
Hotels. Those who are accustomed to using imported English Ales will find it the best to be had.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street, QUEBEC.
Rtv on Thursd
I
O
#
it'
liiOtllU'g Uat.
A bavy carriage was upset OfiSita ia-’wiy platform, and a two year old chi'd fell under a train and had its arm cut off.

il

Attends courts of Ottawa and Foatku Districts.
J. P. OSONAU • •	.. LADYSMITH.
on tht
W. W. IRELAND,
* A man who is thought to be Oeurce Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mercier, jumped into the Chaudi^e
Mortgage., etc., executed legally and natla- Fa 1j. O tawa on Sunday night. The
factor!ly.	b< dy of Mercier has since been recovered.
8HAWV1LLE •	9UE-| Tho fire a* Kamloops, B.C , destroyed
Q A A/l A r* LE A V n i i 'bo (Cosmopolitan hotel and three other O. A. MACKAY, O. G. L,, bui'dings. William Bastow, n young
NOT^RLYA5^LZo*NN^DRyYA(«HE E"K,ielmUn- l0,t h- lif6 ifi th8 "Ote,.
CO.,OF ONTARIO.	A monument erected by the Orangemen
money to loan on easy terms. and Young Britons of Billing s Bridge BRYSON, - - QUE.	to the memory of their brother, Wesley j
Will be in Shaw ville on Tuesday of Hull, who fell in South Africa, was un-every week.	| veiled on Dominion Day.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.

IP
f
• 4

•	«	•	• Elld • e • e
\ s
/
m
m
Fishing Tackle
Mr. James R. Buck Galt by his canoe upsetting.
was drowned at .containing the purchase money. ,	said he would, I
¦¦¦PHli® Toole
and after showing him
=Sv?
SSfflSIS	8W,*",ta^u * ottawa-
«SSsF ZZT'"“HîSfs-Hî zEEEI/EBBithe new grocery
* a r2«* . ^ Kelly, Sergf. P. G. Routh daughters. The groom was ably assisted to the rogues.
and Farrier Sergt.	A. Gillies,	Strath-	through the trying ordeal by Mr. M.	Three days ago hearing nothing from
cons • Horse are to	be granted	distin-	Su-livan. Miss Sarah E. McGuire acted	them, he opened the satchel left in his
) gutshed conduct medals.	as bridesmaid. Both young ladies looked care, and found that he had been swindled
A cable on the inclined railway at Port charmingin euits of grey, with hats to out of a lifetimes savings. He came to
WATCHMAKER Stanley parted when a car full of people ï?âtC t 1The5?remony w“ Performe(1 by tb® city today and gave Inspector Stark
was near the bottom.	Beyond s shaking	Kev- father Sinnett, and after the usual	a description of the men. It basas yet
up no one was hurt.	#	congratulations the newly wedded couple	afforded no clue to identity.
XI r, n , t .. .	„	drove to the residence of the bride's
z I Aret“ **«
, W- J- Grafton, Pieaeott, a brakeroan.	Slick Swindlers.
fell between the tender and the first car j	- I toned for two year#, fitted out to meet
—	|°‘ bl* train at W hit by. Seven car# 00 À	cvt of savinos of a all the rigours of a sojourn in the great
SVtS'SSS KX1"-’ *“*•'"»«-	¦	™”	ÏÆÏÏï;;“*r£ïi: TeacherWanted.
:o:
of all kinds.
J. J. TURNER,


I
—AND—

i
MEAT SHOP.
PRACTICAL
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
(Corner Main and Ptokanock Sts.)
amd
JEWELLER
-A N D-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION %YS.
Summer Time Card.
O. N. AND W. KAILWAY.
Hdving secured a new and fresh stock of GROCERIES people can rely on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspect our stock.
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
niri
A SELECT STOCK OF
life.
WATCHES.
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
the esuse
+ Train No. 101 leaves Ottawa 5.05 P.M. -f Train No. 102 arrives “
o Train No. 108 leaves “
0 Train No. 104 arrives “
8 Train No. 106 leaves “
8 Train No. 106 arrives ••
-r t Train No. 107 leaves “
•f t Train No. 108 arrives *'

8.25 A M.
7.45	A.M.
6.00	P M.
1.30	4M.
8.00	P M.
9.30	AM.
6.45	P.M.
A Speciality;
H. A. HODCINS.
Court Shawville
Vo. ns.
i.ar
i
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
Train No. 100 leaves Ottawa 5.10 P.M. iTrain No. 110 arrives u Train No. Ill leaves “
Train No. 112 arrives “
L.B.C.
0.25 A.M. 0.45 A.M. 4.35 P.M,
f Daily except Sunday.
„ , o Daily except Saturday and Sunday.
Que. j $ Saturday only.
____| t * Sunday only.
* Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays only.
J. A. Cowan, R. 8.
R. W. Honours, C R.
HAWVILLB
s
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor
The spot for—
A Fashionable Hai r Cut, Good Shampoo, ob A Clean Shave.
H. B. SPENCER,
Cen. Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. R.)
OTTAWA,
Your Turn next.






###PAGE###6###
w

mzwmsi





V w.
* n









I
RICH youth with sense.
TALENT IN HUMBLE BANK
ADVICE FOR ANGLERS.
? FITnirMrîk I ne SIM man ï K"7!.r™r!ïri s. t
v	34 il g S	L-l fcM	vU	S-^ 8*jr	f	X	him *n	Nil° cttmP«* He listened
Irn 311	BIB	I	I	Î	xx:u x	*	t0 {t with	that level, unupeaking
M3lJL	1	JL/JlL \	t	who	fcüuCU	X	g Inn ce, and	sont war correspondents
back home with scant courtesy and ley waste of time. That was his answer. In it no word was wasted.
And one morning, on Sept. 2, 18V8 something happened in a far place called Omdurman, where there were gathered great hosts of brave Emirs and tall desert lighters and women of the harem and much treasure And when the something had done happening the field was "white with jibhah clad corpses, like a meadow dotted with snowdrifts.” Khalifa Abdullah, who had boasted that morning that Kitchener's head should roll before night where the brave Gordon’s had rolled, was biding. The fierce Osman Dlgna, the Sword of the Soudan, was fleeing with a handful of survivors. Along the rtxor mounted British troops were cantering and spearing the dervishes who had escaped the bath» of lire. The despised Egyptian troops, those same men who once had been sheep before the dervish wolves, were guarding 15,000 sullen desert dwellers, whose deserts were never to know their fierce forays again. And that night Sirdar Kitchener rode through t he ramp and he looked around him as ho had looked around him at drill
MANY YEARS BEFORE.-
And so he passed through the crowds of England when he returned homo. Ho had aged a bit. Twenty-five years in Egypt, beaten by sands that cut the faces of the pyramids, will mark even the face of a Kitchener But in all else, in expression, in manner, in attitude, he was the Kitchener who, ns a subaltern, set forth to measure the land of Canaan ; and he received the plaudits of a nation as he might have rc-ceivetl the terse, perfunctory commendation of the official to whom he presented his maps of swrxoy.
So. too, he went to South Africa. But there he met now men. men who wore uniforms for "fun,” went to the front for "fun,” talked of fighting as "fun.” Now, if hard, earnest. stilt lighting soldiers do not love Kitchener and grow enthusiastic oxer him, it hardly was to he expected that dandies would. They didn’t. Neither did Kitchener over
Wcrth About $60,000,000, and He Wnntn to Keep It.
Some Useful Hints From the Amateur Sportsman.
GIFTED POLICEMEN, P0BTME3E AND SOLDIERB.
Maveollus Hartley Dodge, by many millions the richest youth in the
ebeSe—I a ¦s-"
rises at Columbia University thisi Those wearing uniform of the hum-
year.	le . .	blest rank have occasionally risen
lie is still under 20, tall and sien- to fame and distinction by virtue of dor in appearance, with dark eyes, gift» and talents quite apart and a pallid complexion that shows| their ordinary calling, his devotion to Ids books. Alfred	recent success of the police-
Gwynne Vanderbilt received under man-artist. Constable Jones, of his father’s will, after all pthcr *jLV*I Leeds, in obtaining the honor of ' its had been paid, about	\ acceptance
000,000. Marcellas Podge receive,I "Hummer,'' for exhibition in upward of $00,000,000 under his Royal Academy tills year, recalls the grandfather's will a few months ago. fact that there have been His riches have not changed ' ^ other well-known instance*
manner of life, lie still inll0,lu talent in uniform. Another constat room at the lower part of Madison b,e> Mr> a 1Iutt# member of the
avenue, New \ork, just as he N»» London city police, is widely know*
done since ho first began to pn-pui ' ne the ''policeman-poet,” and his
for college. It is far too for for him flret volume of verso, when publish-
to walk to Columbia College, but I ^ a yonr or two ftgo was criticised
whenever he has to go within 1 ° favorably by the press, and well or three miles of his home he walksl ivo(1 the pUj)lic
simply to save car fore, lie is cco- Though there numical almost to tb#
He drosses well, as befits under-graduate, but never show-
The angler of experience does not need to have another hammer into him the truth that Uie quieter ho la, the more lie keeps himself concealed, the less conspicuous ho makes himself, in short, tlm more fish he will take. That truth has been beaten into him by countless incidents of the stream and lake. The angler of inexperience, however, always fails to recognize the importance of effacing himself and will continue to wonder year after year why it is that the other fellow gets Uie trout or bass.
In whipping a stream for trout, going down stream, the man with the rod should lift his .vet only when ho Is obliged to. They should he slid along just above the bottom ns noiselessly, surely and gently ns possible. The object of this is to avoid sending down sand in solution, or starting small rolling
stones which infallibly notify the trout below
friendly is coming down well, too, for the man to fish with the sun in his front as his long shadow on the water will scare a good many allure
the bank care should he taken not to .show above its rim at all angler knows where it is and how it is shaped, he should cast at it before ho sees it edge of a. deal.
%
I


$
The Boer War.
« AS A GENERAL, at
t
<•
t :
X
<•
**##*#*** •*
This la a peculiar figure that steps tuvv/ard to take its place in the frorn. ranks in the March of the Conquerors. ^ Even now, with the laurels of his achievements fresh, men acclaim him not nearly so much for what he did as for the way he did it. This is a conqueror whose men do not go mad with love and adoration of him when he rides over the stricken field.
A frightening, silent man-well fitted to go down in British history us the Silent Destroyer. Less man than soldier, less man than slayer, less man than machine—mark him as he moves through the dead routine of field survey, the dead routine of drilling hopeless native troops, the dead routine of a practice march— iron-jawed, wordless, expressionless, emotionless. Iron-jawed, wordless, expressionless, emotion lose, mark him moving living men toward other living men on the battlefields. Mongol a, At barn. Omdurman ! Move after move, check, checkmate ! For all that any man knows this man moved other men, discarded them, took them, lost them with ns calm method as the chess player loses and takes the chessman.
All the world saw the man, with his unreadable, still face, move to his place on the vast, bloody, chessboard of the Transvaal—a chessboard from which England's pieces were being swept fast ; all the world saw him move the pieces. All the world •aw the game still wavering, going here and going there, with England’s pawns still being swept away.
AND THEN—CHECKMATE !
from
llo become an officer
among them J|	¦
in the glorious army of the Khedive —one of that curious corps who worked loyally for the little brown ruler and were ready at any moment to knock his head olf if they or dear old England didn't like anything that he did.
The Egyptian army was a band of underpaid, underfed, under treated and undermined fellaheen.
without stomach,
and without backbone. It
for
hi»
picture.
the
numerous
of
It was an without
*
army heart
went forth to war only with a view to retreating at the earliest possible moment. It slouched and loafed and did not wash. It could not shoot. And Kitchener worked over those helpless reeds of broken natives and gripped them and squeezed them, and, being a man himself, found the man in the weak-kneed levies before
that something unit is
ro-
ll nve been poets in plenty both in civil and military uniform, It was Edward Capcrn, the
woll-knowngHj
some called the English Burn», who was the first of his cloth to attain to anything like real distinction. While still a rural jostman at Bide-
¦BlllSIl
of Wall Street.	I Some of the posUmn-poet's verses
attracted the notice of Lord Palmerston, who granted him a Civil Mrs. Fullalovo had justj List pension of £60 a year, their honeymoon
penury
more fish than it will In approaching a pool from
on
postman-poet,”
by
il.V
him.
Ho made such men out of them that in 1887 they made him commande!
remnants of desert hordes yet remember certain ensuing lean years They remember yet how the gaunt man stepped calmly into their camp night, unarmed and alone, and
chief
somebody asked
Not long young Dodge what he would do when he left Columbia. "That will not bo until 1903," ho said, "when I have
ago
If the
in Sun kin, and there are
who
Thus pre-knowl-strenm is worth a good
In boat fishing for base the utmost quiet should be observed. Water is-an excellent conductor of sound and any unusual motion In the boat is communicated to the fluid beneath. In casting the elbow against the
whole of the force imparted to the bait should come from the
one
cheerfully flicked their sacred in the face with a riding whip in the midst of his spear bearers and carriers, because that saertd
just preparing to execute a
gun
chief
should be aide and almost the
was
British soldier who had been caught
It was Kitchener,

IT WAS A SUltriURE INDEED
Mr. and ¦ me back from
lie had given her a llltlcl1,r>.rî,ïl®nV„!i of more than local celebrity was
=	* «SS 22LT'”&.*
evening dinner.	, d such high merit that his admirera
¦iKmSïÆfiSS	- —
, ...v. w£«d .U, ...
a	E
^ ie h. rsssï'-.t t&iæz ,,,,.....»«   .«ht, s—s—t rssïïsuï
SMB
fame, was once a private soldier in the Parliamentary army.
Ben Jonson,” the dramatist poet, at one time was also a private soldier, and served with the English army in Flanders.
THE FAMOUS COLEIUDGE,
that afternoon who, in 1890, was appointed Sirdar And in 1898
FOREARM AND WHIST
ANOTHER POSTMAN-POET
The man who throws his hand out far and high with the rod, much as if lie were playing «it shortstop and had to get a ball down to first base to beat a runner out by a foot, will 1m? seen by bass fifty yards away and they will have none of him lariy they will have none of the chap who always strikes his rod handle against the boat's side, or sings, or swears, or stamps on the bottom, or runs the tip of the rod through the water. A dark line is better than a light one in most waters, the object of all angling being to persuade the fish that the thing it sees is good to eat and has no string tied to it. A dark rod is better than a light colored rod.
There is one bait rod now on the market made of nickelled metal, handsome, durable, springy and attractive, but in the sunlight it flashes like a sword and the gleam of it across a lake is visible half a mile away. It stands to reason that so far as notifying the bass is concerned the man would as well take a hand mirror and flash its reflection up and down and across the water. The bass unable to see a nickelled rod above a sunlightod lake would have its eyes located in belly.
Not any of the wood rods have this defect, but a lot of anglers foolishly weight them with metal trimmings which have as bad an effect. The nearer the joints of a rod and the reel itself come to dullness the more killing that rod will be. For this reason the hard rubber reel is to be commended above the nickeled, and it will not rust, though it is not so strong. In the time to come rods and reels will be made of, or covered with, some sort of compo-! sition which has no power of reflection.
Thousands of fish are lost every because of shining apparatus.
the lakes day after
THE SOUDAN WAS CONQUERED
Before he could move to conquer the Soudan he had to conquer the Look back a quarter of a century. Khedive, lie did. The Khedive said In the Bible lands of Palestine, in1 something insulting about British Galilee, is a tall, gaunt, bony sub- officers. Kitchener rode up close to altern, with n hard face, burned him and—the Khedive issued a gen-brick red, laying the lines of survey, oral order praising the army and mapping the country where a figure particularly it's British ofliccis. once went through the Passion for Queen the world. Standing there on star- K.C.M.G. that time
Then began the game of war impassion less, uncomnmnica-
"tho instructions
Simi-
Vivtoria made Kitchener a
led hills did that young Englishman looking out over the scenes of the passive,
most wonderful history that ever ___________
was, see himself to be one day Lord
fust mouthful
ter the
sure
of Khartoum ?
Men who know him as well ns he permits men to know him say emphatically, "Yes.” They say that this man is a man consumed with ambition, consumed the more that he keeps its fires deep pent within him and does not let the world sec so much as a gleam of their flames. They say that from Ids youth he moved steadily, unrestingly, never to be turned aside, toward the prize that his ambition had marked out for him. If he did not dream of being Lord of Khartoum, be sure he dreamed, nay, knew, that he was to be a lord of men somewhere, somehow. Concerning all which speculation what reply will you get from Horatio Herbert Kitchener ? No smile, no frown—nothing but that same level, still, unmoved glance that has been cast over drill grounds in little villages, over battle scenes and over crowds of shouting, enthusiasm drunken multitudes, striking their ardor cool within them.
If any man in England had asked any other well-informed man in England twenty-five years ago :
"WHO IS KITCHENER ?”
he



I


9 9
egg
Correct,” said Edwin, as he turned over the leaf.
"Add two ounces of white pepper---”
* Topper!” said Edwin, in amazement, while she kept on'
"Two large carrots, chopped small, a spoonful of mustard, four chopped
onion™
Rare
and
# «


mW




its

the poet and met a physician, after leaving college joined us n "gentleman ranker," and wore the uniform of a trooper in the ”15hh Elliot’s Light Dragoons." It is said, however, the gifted poet made but a poor soldier, and was more at home turning Latin epigrams or scribbling verses, and in writing letters for his comrades while they cleaned his horse and accoutrements.
Sir William Herschell, Uie great astronomer, before he became tinguiahed wore the uniform of a bandsman in the Durham Militia.
One of the most celebrated actors of the early part of the nineteenth century, J. II. Johnstone, was a private in an Irish Dragoon regi-
he adopted the stage, ho won fame and for-
i, my dear love!” in dismay
Stop—do stop cried Edwin,
haven’t cut the leaves and have got into the Irish stew!"
i i
"Why,
k
so
you
you


WHERE MONEY IS USELESS
The Island of Ascension, right out in the Atlantic, is the property of the British Admiralty, and governed for them by n enptain-in-cllarge. As a result there is no private property in land, no rents, rates, or taxes, and no use for money. The flocks and herds are public property, and the meat is issued as rations
i grown on the
the island fisherman

rJM:

XX
2X

X
0s
mi


dis-

uL
(

X

m
x
the answer probably would have been a polite shrug of the shoulders.
There were ten times ten hundred young Englishmen like him scattered around the world and its seas, and doing the work of the empire well or ill, and in either case unknown and unheeded, except for the heavy official machine that fed them out and checked them off and kept records of them as they gave bone and sinew and life for the tiling that men call a Government and a country. His history up to that time was that of most of the other young men whom England sends away from home to build for her greatness. His father was a soldier of no very high rank.
He managed to climb to the Lieuton-ant-Colonency of a dragoon regiment
the Thirteenth, n good, hard-riding, tivCf drillmaster, farrier, commissary straight-lighting band. Kitchener, and rajiroa(i engineer by turns, the son, was born in Ireland, but he gi|ent man mado plans and laid them is more French than Irish, for Lieut.-	tQ conve,ge on one point. I
Col. Kitchener was a Sufi oik man	thousand instruments, bent by
and Mrs. Kitchener was a Chevalier	|upr€ine will, toiled blindly fof him,
and descended straight from French not knowing whether they were Huguenots. The boy grew up like all working for a hopelessly stupid vic-English boys of his class. One day Um of dull red tape or a man with he was sent away from home to	colo8Sa] scheme, and, what is more	all	of	which Kitchener answered with
learn to be a Royal Engineer. And	not daring to try to know.	—Silence.
engineer he became and an en-	A ypar passcd by and still the	It was noted that the	wails grew
gineer he remained and an engineer	ftrmy drillcd	and thc engineers plan-	less, however. But that	was mainly
lie is. A great, steady, unfaltering *|Cfj * and instead of gun firing and because the wallers were being sent piston rod of n man thi»—driving 8WO’rd ciuShing, the blows of pick- home as fast as ships could carry along in absolute consonance with ftX08 and tbe scraping of spades made them
the throbbing of the vast machine of monotonouB music day after day. less comfortable places by the grim, fate. What is there in engineering Foot by footf roi|C by niile, a rail- homely Sirdar. They were sent that produces so many fighting men? rQad b^,gan ' tQ crawl away from battle. Many of them died. He We have had them here and England Çft jnto the sjm desert, sacred till never showed by any sign that he is full of them there. Certainly there thcn to Madhist raids and retail- was sorry or glad or relieved or in-wns little in Kitchener's early sur- atorv expeditions by British soldiers different. Just that level glance and roundings to provoke lighting blood. th V werc mtle more effective than that entire Silence As a Royal Engineer, he was trotted rajds There were to be no raids "Kitchener is making a failure of around in various unending peaceable wjth Kitchener. He meant to take it,".rang the despatches. Silence lands to view them through the m) army out Rnd bring a cut-up, "Kitchener is to be superseded.” glass in his theodolite and measure	j	panic stricken remnant Silence. "Kitchener 4s despairing of
them with a steel tape and other-	winning out." Silence. 'Another
wise disport himself. So we see him	meant	to send no columns	appalling defeat for our	arms." Sil-
doing in the four years from 1874	windincr for	miles through gorges,	cnee,
to 1878. It is hard to conceive now whije at thcjr rear the shouting fol- Once he broke that much of the topographical lowers Qf the Prophet were cutting sent a despatch—“Send knowledge of the Holy Land that is ollt waggon trains of supplies men." possessed by the world to-day is ftnd ^munition. He meant jto have owing to the work of the man who nQ rushed camps, no sniping, since then has been depicted in Lu- desldbory
A SCOUROER OF WOMEN.
SB
n
N

.
x

NS
r» n
N
i
X
year
go upon
day and catch nothing, or, at least, only a miserable two or three, though they fish hard and use all approved forms of baits. If one of them should try keeping quiet and using a dull colored outfit he would find his score much bettered.
X
X


So

V*

N
X


m
the vegetables
farms. When
makes a catch, he brings it to guardroom, where it is issued by the sergeant-major. The only private property allowed is fowls and pig-Even the wild donkeys under Government control 1
the books of the paymaster, over at stock-taking, is about 300, all
t
are


nient before by which tune.
A poet of 881
the uniform of a private in the
Guards was James
the

o

ji
0

\
(



sv
some distinction who

\
K
\
X

are
wore
7th Dragoon WÊ	8M8R
Thompson ("B. V."), who was the nuUior of "The City of Dreadful Night" and other powerful pieces which afterwards brought him in-
<
eons
N
They
I
JJ
1

are on and handed The population
told. There are a lew bluejackets, a company or so of marines, some to prominence.
Kroo-boys from Sierra Leone, and a It was while
¦ few civilians. What a marine Dragoon Guards that the poct-sold-
his life-long friendship
com-
SCOTCH FARE LANDED.
V
1
f
Bad Teeth and Dyspepsia Are Almost Unknown.
v
(
i
i
serving in the 7Ui
Defenders of the Scottish national fare of oatmeal, scones and haggis have been few. To the ordinary bill of fare nearly every nation save the Scotch has contributed something, but Scotch dishes, except at distinctly Caledonian functions, are generally eschewed.
A Scotch physician has, however, come forward recently with arguments in favor of Scottish cooking. He says, for instance, that dyspepsia and dentists are practically unin Scotland outside of the cities, in which Uie national
t
GEN. LORD KITCHENER.
i
t
very ¦
can’t do it is hard to discover 1 The, ier formed muleteer is a marine ; so is the with a comrade in the some gardener ; so are the shepherds, thoj pany who was destined to I stock-men, the grooms, masons, car- day become even better known. TD#|
and plumbers. Even the comrade was Trooper
CHARLES BRADLAUGH,
. _j had already published misccl-
gr°W PrCttaynd nbanrina8nonhitha	the wdiTnown'lecture"'“and
V
Within a month England was letters that conveyed . “Kitchener is act-overncaring bully."
c
them WÊÊKÊt flooded with wails of disgust tag like an “Kitchener is making himself hated
everywhere.” "
ed every woman
“Kitchener is office is of noble birth daily.’’ To
one
c
i he
1
t
Many
penters,^* island trapper who gets rewards for the tails of rats Is a marine, climate is almost perfect, and
b
his
?
t
Kitchener has olTend-in Cape Town.” insulting volunteer
The
who
t
you
n
can |
from oranges coast to English vegetables up on the mountain.
c
It
famous member of Parliament was while wearing the uniform that the future member for Northampton imbibed his learning and his scholar-
BEST FOR THE EVES. I % %:°S A Russian specialist has decided the barrack-room nickname of Old that, contrary to the general opin- ; .Loaves.”
ion, electric light plays less havoc, similarly the famous William Oob-with the eyes than other forms of bcttf the sturdy refonner and po-artificial light. He bases his dcduc-| litical writer who attained to enor-tions on the fact that disease and moU8 popularity, was also a privV damage to the eye are proportioned | ate goidier in early life, though his to the frequency of the closure of the f|rst choice was to Wear the lids. He found that the lids close b|ue Qf n nmn-o’-wnrsmnn. in a minute 6.8 times with candle whilc hc wore the scarlet tunic that light, 2.8 times with gas light, 2.2 hc proparcd himself for writing hi» times with sun light, and 1.8 times c0|ct,rated "English Grammar” and with electric light.	other literary productions of later
Minister:	“James, we must get vear8 Resides acquiring no "^an
the flooring of the church renewed. I d rrce of scholarship by sclf-educa-havo observed dry rot terribly of tj he ro8e to be Seng-Major Cob-late.” Elder (caustically):	So	bett before the end of his seven
hiv I, sir; so hiv I, especially in the cftrf> ^vice. when he obtained his ilpit.”	discharge to	upon his political
a
a
known
ir
largo
cooking of Scotland is discarded for foreign dishes and foreign ways.
It is a fact that though distinguished in the field of medicine, the Scotch as dentists are little known, and while the details of cases of dyspepsia arc less easily procurable, it is certainly not a national ailment in Scotland. The Scotch allow no partiality for pics and pastry, and in the highlands they are much out of doors—two reasons which miglit_] be taken to account for the absence of dyspepsia, apart the wholesomeness of their
an
U
8<
di
P
to
Some of them were sent
w
ct
to
sh
n
Wi
00
navy It was
w
te
he
be
hi
from
th
diet.
The Scotch are a hardy race, and in one particular at least they have txjen able in recent years to impress their views upon the people of other	M8J8^H8
general use of cereals larity of cereal foods has vastly increased in the United States in the last ten years, and if the advocates
ggggor rather of
fare, have been unable to

\
th
us
that silence. He me more
is
fln
namely, in the more
The popu-
ha
It was the march on Omdurman over again. Silence and work and silence—and then—the end.
]
RECORDS IN KINGS.	JfW -	IS'.it
The pupils in a school were asked aftcrwerdg ùione in art, literature, to write original compositions on .	politics, the drama, etc»
"Klnf-i." The prize was carried ofl	^ very considerably extended
by n bright youth, who perpetrated , 8rcference to the past and living
the following	celebrities of other countries. As in
The most powerful king	u known, u large proportion of
on earth Is..»..	«...Working.	t distinguished me 1 of
% SSStr— ::: zs&Sg -
no
ne
bh
be
cooking,
of Scotch
1 BHBHVI
got recognition for their views
¦ ¦ tabic, they have been
at the breakfast
Pi
"Harry, love your little baby brother." “What’s the use? Ho wouldn’t know if I did!”
The march began. Day after day. week after week, month after month
progress went on. worked all day to move trains barges, they slept all night as curoly as if they were in the heart the school of a friendly country. To a world very quiet
waiting for glorious deeds this was behaved herself so nicely that, alter gall and wormwood. Kitchener bo- the school was over, the teacher re-
all
at
be
Alter Tel-el-Kebir saw the breaking of Arabi’s power in Egypt, England had to take in hand the reorganization of the Egyptian army, so called by courtesy. Sir Evelyn Wood was appointed Sirdar (Commander). He demanded twenty-five British officers the work. Being about as hope-
Men
the dinner
fortunate
the slow
Um
and
more
board
Pil
Ethel used to play a good deal in
One day she had been She sat up prim and
Pei
nra
After a two years’ test of a motor

for army use in found that the saving this one machine had effected used elsewhere for similar work was
$2,700.	I	Hi !
by

liai
over the horses










. ».


###PAGE###7###



#

FAMOUS BATTLE BIBBERS
SALUDA
comm it ted by an inhabitant of n Hniflll village within him sphere of influence,
Common soaps destroy the clothes and render the hands liable to eczema.
Jâ
/c ffu/nÀ futur rnucA,
1111,1 bemuse lie could not identify the offender, ho turned nil the people out of the village and burnt it down. On another occasion ho hud a largo tract of forest burnt § "r i al mi ? , down, the* V endangering
Ceylon Tea Is the finest | lives, «imply because Tea the world produces,
ANNIVERSARY OF THE RATTLE OF WATERLOO.


c&
C7V
SUNLIGHT
Few Survivors of the Sikh War.—
The Glorious Charge of Balaclava.
In days of yoro, when the Iron Duke was alive, one of the feature» of the season was the Waterloo banquet, annually held on the anniversary of the battle by the Duke in the principal picture gallery of Apoley House, a room that appropriately bears the title of the Waterloo Chamber, says London
irsHF Hri3|Er3FE™3«¦«i«m™
::::::::
vlvora of tho Sikh War, belonging to aro othei" Crimean dinner» that me	  rff""	wry	promisingly by Improv-
tho 16th Lancer», which campaign ennuttllv p,u'lttk<'M ot- and of the* Great Britain’* Possessions Ruled . J? m ,/ding h£“8eB- furl“s
took iiluco thirty odd years alter 0,10 of tll<-' most famous takes place	by Frenchmen \nd Span-	ft,	?mal1	r«lw»y- i hen he In-
JVcrloo, were Invited to he the lm,l,T the eusidcee of tho Mayor of	iards.	^ laws governing his territory,
HiaHB-—
ions charge is that known ns the wore carried out entirely in rod and popular, but it can hardly be said time he found himself a king with "Death or Glory" dinner, tho said white chrysanthemums and deep i that there is any greater reason practically no subjects, and in de-phrnse being the motto of the 17th blue violets, and upon the table‘for this than the natural distaste spair of ever being able to run his Lancers. It is, perhaps, unnecessary cloth the words "Waterloo" and.1 British inhabitants of British ter- kingdom on the lines he had plan-to state, so well known is the great "Balaclava*—the names of two bat- ritory would feel for being subjects ncd, he "abdicated” and returned to exploit of that regiment, that lho tics occupying prominent positions of a foreigner. M. Mcnier’s rule the land of his forefathers, having said dinner is held on October 25th, on tho regimental colors—were also | has been very free, fair and encour- "dropped" the bulk of his large for-' tho anniversary of the	traced in flowers of similar colors, aging, and those changes he has in- tune to no purpose—Pearson’s
For the centre-piece the national flag traduced into his little kingdom Weekly.
a have been much more for the bene-

many ho had a fancy No one ever
to see a forest
knew what he would do next,
reduces land I» sold only In lead I**6 <°»«*iu»nc# was that those set. .	.tiers who were able, hurried from
packet».	b*s reach in double-quick time.
Slack, Mixed and Green.
tea drinkers try “Salad**’ Green tea. j ,(> keep him in check, he inys-
usly disappeared, much to the relief of everybody.
fire
ffaf 7jh/x
imd
Soap

fL/	ffcoXPÀs 9^ (f ij'frn/
EXPENSE
r

to
Aik for Ike Ocftioi Bar
&?in
The Dawson Commission Co.,
Can handle your BUTTcfl, F.GG3, P0JLT3/ (aîli/o or drosood), STRAWfi'rMiES, AP?iE3, TOM UOZ!, other Fruits, VéCSTAÜLES or PR0DU3I to good ad^anUgo.
Shipping tags, stamp*, pad, supplied. Correspon ?ence invited.
I


*
The finest matches in the world, made from •oft corky pine, and especially eul table for comes tic wee— put up in noat sliding boxee,assorted colors each box containing about 600 matches three boxee In a pack age.
Non-
Sulphurous.
Odorlesa.
4
Every Stick— A Match
Every Match— A Lighter
E. B. Eddy’s
Headlight Parlour
Matches
Every I o*ly ask
for
99
61
of-
For Sale by A.IS First Class Dealers.
an-
romain» to be seen ;
On the last an ni-1 shou,d do 80 the table decorations
t01 which were carried out under the I personal	of Lady
Wilkinson proposed tho toast of "The; ,m m,’_ s*1iou*(l be repeated on Veterans. *'	I
îê
The most interesting of the new departure» made at Uio War Office is tho appointment of a lady on the stuff. This is tho lust time a lady has had a local habitation in the building. The lady in- question served at the front as a nurse, and having recently returned has been pointed to u position at the War Office. She ha» a private office and a separate little sub-<ty;pnriment of her own. She is to have charge within the War Office of the affairs of the Army Nursing Department a practical step this new departure is heartily approved.


mm
i
• i
vy
nf>-
>>
-
r
As

V*
CHARGE OF BALACLAVA
At this dinner some of the items of l,m(l	w?re displayed, and
tiny silken Union Jack was placed 1 flt of his subjects than <>f himself
nt each seat, whilst the button-holes I FRENCH KING IN CANADA.


A
the menu nro reminiscent of tho Crimea, for, in addition to fish, flesh
and ducal hares and pheasants pro-	for, caf1 gentleman present IÎ0 hnS spont a considerable sum in
vidod by H.IU1. the Duke of Cam- wwo h ies of the valley and geran- improving the island, and has built bridge, the Coloiml-in-Chief of tho	tied with royal blue ribbon, excellent houses, villages, and
regiment, there are such delicacies	t‘.,ie Ulll/°l,ni	.thc Boyal	Dragoons	churches without drawing upon	tho
as "Balaclava Pudding and Death	. 1< n llt	18 ,rC(| Wllh	,)lue fac“	pockets of his subjects
or Glory Sauce," "Macedoine .Jelly”	ft fact thut doubtless accounted troducod, or tried to introduce,
and "Charlotte Russe," which have lo. a vcrtttni extent for the color many lucrative industries into his a Black Sea flavor about their 8C’ein,! ltJ tahlv decorations. kingdom, in an earnest desire to names, but, let U3 hasten to add, . ^ vcrv mtercstmg siege dinner was |>enefit the inhabitants. But, de-ono that is not apparent in their	eI< . , l. year4l ,a8t j/une-	when the	8pittJ it ^ they would turn	him	out
taste. On tho forty-sixth anniver-	8 vl'or8 <)f	1,10 Lucknow	garrison,	immediately if they could	do	so.
sary of tho buttle three survivors of !'!chidings “>** the first time in the They object to having a Tricolor the charge, we believe, were present, , ,ry af thls anniversary banquet, jacked buttoned over a Union Jack and a very pathetic feature <;f the <l< ,1L‘S .\v a> P<188c<l through the trials waistcoat, and so long ns M. Menier occasion was the fact that tho mod- Hn., tribulations of the siege of 1857, remttjns King of Anticosti his nls cf Sergeant O’Gorman reposed icrv<* tokrvthvr under the presi- tues will count for nothing
nine women, and seven children who 18 scnrcely astonishing so little tho world s vineyard.	JLw Old *»» Well Teied rehedt. - yn
should be heard about it and	its	Owned and blessed by God,	this	WmsinwAhootbmgSyrup has been used for o?er sixty	professional class	is 5	feet 94	inches.
German king. It is, of course,	one	self-sacrificing heroine and her	hus-	• ™tïî: n *.i th ‘ £r°rol"%%%J°ri!htootbel% 2tide	They al'e	the tallest	people	in Eu-
of the smaller Channel Islands, but band, since deceased, spent many ,"°tfLc",\u£e gu,,1v âiUy"rJ}11 ,?ain* cu,rM 7ind co,lo‘ an<t rope. The French working class are
it is as lovely as any. It is a verita-	years of faithful pastoral work	in	He. Sold”by dragfiats in «rerr p*rt^îf*h8 word0	5 fcvt	inches,	and	are the	short-
ble fairy island, and its owner	and	different parts of the continent.	Il‘!'<î.?.ï'îT4ic.erLte#'lbovle-.i? T ¦ Je ivoslcu,fcble	est.
king, Prince Blucher, may. well be Elizabeth H. Varney, relict of the ui» rotSiartiH re"	1 djrru*	------
proud of it, although possibly he late Levi Varney, is now 73 years
finds it difficult to stretch his legs of age, and is living in quiet retire-
in his little British Kingdom with- ment here. She is a member of the
out paddling at the same time. At Society of the Old Orthodox Friends
one time I Term was a favorite spot and this simple peace-loving society
with Channel Island picnic parties, never had a more humble or mo?e
being easily reached from Gucrn- worthy member.
w	sey, but any stranger invading the	ft is of	her work among the Douk-
'	island nowadays, would nt	once be	ho hors in	our	own Canadian North-	T|	.	. ,
repelled. Harm’s king has	a great	west that	she	loves most to speak,	.	.lu	,	H a	Wl eath	18	usually	form-
distaste for strangers, and,	by own-	and many	and	vivid are her recollec-	lr.\	,CI many	of	myrtle	branches	;
mm.mi ###= wmm
Island of Trinidad was remedy that was as unfailing as her 11 °JCI,-#la' .r ,osu,la,y » *n the kingdom of a Span- own charity—Dodd's Kidney Pills ,l.1.. [. 'V /c ' an( named Inez, al- were the weapons she used to drive lc a Jovxers-
Of all wonderful cannons, the electric magnetic gun invented by a Christiania professor is the most remarkable. The professor
»//
A H6R0IC LIFE
\
1
Good Things to Eat
calI culntcs that the performances of his WI1JI AN EYE SINGLE TO THE ! weapon will increase with thc length
GOOD OF HER FELLOW-MEN SHE TOILED.
From Libby'sfnmoashygienic kitchens, where parity prevails. All monte used in
LIBBY’S
Natural Flavor Food Products
of the barrel
For instance, with a
tube 328ft. long it could throw two-ton projectile a distance of 932 miles !
IIo has iri-
it
The Story of Eliza H. Varney, of Bloomfield, Ont.—Spent	Many
Years in a Service
•re Ü. 8. Govern meet Inspected. The* bo', o ome-peas aud goodness cf every ertlele is preserved in its preparation for your convenience, in tlo handy key-oi>eulng cans. A supply on your pantry shelves enables you to have always at hand the essentials to the very best meals. The little bcok/'How to Make Good Things to Ea J •wnt free. Libby's Atlas of the World, mailed free for 10 cents postage.
LIBBY, McNEILL & LIBBY, CHICAGO.
, Q	, , Tif fPBB A COL» IX OXE DAY.
of îbamtly Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets A 1 Sacrifice to the Poor and Needy arurgUtg refund the money if it fall) to cure. —Ministered to Their Physical; w. Urove'e signature ie on each box. 23o.
as Well as Spiritual Wants
telle all about them
Of our 861 different kinds of Bri-Bloomfield, Ont., July 7.—(Special) I tish birds, only 140 ore resident all —Our community boasts <>f having | the year.
within it one of the most devoted
vir-
For O.rr Sixty Year*.
Thc a vertigo height of the English
went through thc siege, and in addition to these five members of the relieving force were also present. Among the nine ladies nt thc dinner wore three who hud given birth to baby boys at Lucknow during the siege, and one of the seven children who survived those times, who
A SURPRISED DOCTOR
I
SAID A CASE OF ST. VITUS1 DANCE COULD NOT BE
CURED.
tt ! Mlnard's Llnfmsnf is fh best
•fudges and barristers fhow larger proportion of bald heads than any other profession.
troublesome was also present, was Mr. A. Dash wood, who was born during that terrible turmoil. Patient Ironing and Learned I Dnshwood was last year joined
That Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills | two other children of thc siege in
Messrs. R. A. Fayrer end .J Perry. By a strange coincidence, on the day of the dinner another veteran named Hill, who was one of tho
i
i
i
Nell—"Yes, George and 1 are en; gaged, but you mustn't say aoy-j thing about it." Belle — "Why —doesn’t he know it ?
Called One Day and Found the
Mr
Mlnafd's Liniment for Rheumatism
by
9 9
Had Succeeded Where Other Medicines Had Failed.
Messrs. C. C. Richards <fc Co.
Dear Sirs,—While in tho country last summer I was badly bitten by mosquitoes—so badly that 1 thought 1 would be disfigured for a couple of weeks. ' 1 was advised to try your Liniment to allay thc irritation, and did so. Thc effect was more
The sufferer from St. Vitus’ dunce
THIRTY-ONE YEARS AGO
with as much
ViLuti' dance is a diseasolnext December 24th—that is to say, of the nerves and must be treated on Christmas Eve, 1871—six cadets through them, and for this purposu of the Military School of Saint Cyr, there is no other medicine in the j who, after going through the world acts so speedily ns Dr Wil-|rible Ernnco-Gernmn War, were com-llams' I’ink Pills. Proof of this I pleth.g their studies at that sent of statement is found In the cure of learning, pledged themselves to meet Miss Louise LulTman, whose home jf alive, at noon on May 3rd 1900 is at Poacher's Mills, Ont., who was ut n certain spot—the Arc dé cured by these pills after two doc- Triomphe, to wit. On tho day in tors had failed to benefit her in the question and at the appointed hour least. Tho young lady’s mother tells threo offleere wended their wav to the story of her daughter's illness as the trysting place, greeted each other follows :—"I do not think It possible cordially, and, after waiting for anyone could be afflicted with a SOme little time for the three who more severe form of St. Vitus' dance were never again to keep a rendez-than that which attacked my daugh- 1 voue, repaired to a restaurant, there ter Louise. Her arms and legs to fight their battles would twitch and jerk, her face was | compare notes, drawn and finally her left side became numb as
has to bo watched cure. St
uer-
of a crown of
bcuutii practical ish millimaire,
though the island was even then in-1 out sickness eluded in the British Empire
than I expected—a few applications completely curing the irritation, preventing the bites from becoming sore. MINARD S LINIMENT is also a good article to keep off the mosquitoes.
Some years before she had tried and proven tho value of this great medicine in her own case threatened with Dropsy and suffering
wi,h Rheumatism. They had com-1 Little Ethel-“Mr. Young, my sis-Pletely restored her, and when she ter Laura said nt the table * of| found that the prevailing trouble morning that she thought you had among the Doukhobor people was the prettiest moustache she ever
Kidney Disease and Dropsy she knew saw." Mr. Young—"You oughtn’t
that Dodd s Kidney Pills would he to toll things you hear at the table her most valuable aid in her good Ethel/' Ethel—"But she's going to
work-	give 111'- a penny for telling you !
ter-
ibf €<mgh
and work* oir the Cold.
when ! toSXBrM»DlNné SîlMrMSS
IIE WANTED TRINIDAD
Honor Inez had amassed an almost fabulous fortune by commerce, but it is said that his ambition was to establish a kingdom for himself in Trinidad, under the protection Spain, to which the island had, of course, belonged. And he did not fall so very far short of his mark.
Every strip of the island that fell into thc market he bought up absolutely, and in course of time by far the greater part of the island
been acquired by him through pur- j suffering so severely with the Dropsy chase, and an enormous portion of I that she was terribly bloated all the island’s commerce felt his influ- j ovcr and confined to her bed. The once. The British subjects who Lady Missionary left a few of Dodd’s came under his rule disliked him im- \ Kidney Pills and immediately scht
he was totally tyrannical | for three more boxes.
She was rewarded for her efforts
of the
Yours truly,
W. A. OKE,
Harbor Grace, Nfld., Jan. 8, 1898.
this
WPC EI3«
the most popular dentifrice
9 9
CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
She tells of one poor young wo-had ' mnn among this people whA was
Minard’s Liniment Cures LaErlppe,
over again, and drink in silence ,	,	» , perhaps to the memory of their falL	¦ though paralyzed. jen comrades. That each of the
I wo doctors attended her, but their vivors present nt this dinner treatment not only did not help her ranged but she grew steadily, worse. Her tongue became swollen,
He— How many bridesmaids are you going to have, dearest 'None
youM et your heart on it 'T had ; but from present indications, the girls I want will all be married first.”
sur-
She-
He — "Why, 1 thought
She—
9 9
ar-
9 #
three dev a des previously should be in uniform is perhaps not
th ck and indistinct, anil she could tainl.v something of a coincidence neitlK*i sit still nor stand still. Sho that each should have attained tha could not hold anything in her hand same rank-nuinely. that of major-,
andil WaH "ccessury to watch her but such indeed wm the case	11	n l4< ..
all the time as we feared she would	L	ground many British homes, because
injure herself. The doctor who at-	*	the owners opposed his will. But
tended her told me she would never	he never quite realized his ambition,
get better, and it was then that 1	BABY S OWN TABLETS. though, for many years, he was
decided to try Dr. Williams' Pihk	--- practically king of the island. His ..j 8fty Thompson, did you ever !
Pills. After she had taken two boxes	Come as a Message of	Hope to all	ambii ion was too great to be	at-	no^|œ	that I was brutally indifferent
wo could sec an improvement in her	Tired and Worried	Mothers	tai“t5 w1ithouc 11 na,tlon behind	lum,	to my	children ?"
Condition. Her appetite improved,	*	Spain was much too discreet to "Certainly not. You're quite the
she could sleep better and the sjuisms	In homes where Baby’s Own Tab-	accede to his many appeals to wrest	contrary, Holmes.”
rçere less severe. From that on there	lets are used cross and	fretful child-	Trinidad from the rule of the	Bri-
was
menscly,
ploy, on his land, or in one of his I by the complete recovery many houses, attempted to dispute i y°l,n^ woman.	|
his will, that man bitterly repented I l)od<ls Kidney Pills have received He bought up and razed to the | this worthy woman’s most emphatic
endorsution.
f 9
Preserve* the teeth. Sweetens the breath Strengthens the game
If a man in his em-
Brass Band
Monkey Brand Soap removes all , stains, rust, dirt or tarniEihr—but won’t wash clothes.
Instrumente, Drums, Uniforme. Etc
EXPECTED A GREAT DEAL
1
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE P BAND
Lowest prices ever quoted. Fine cnuilogaf. SOOilluHtrstlone, mailed free. Write us for any thing In Munie nr Mettrai luMrumeut*.
Stern Father—"Didn’t I tell not to call again, sir ?
"1 know. But 1 didn't your daughter. I came on behalf of our firm about that little bill Stern Father—"Er will you ?
you Suitor—
9 9
call to see
WHALE!1 ROYCE & 00., Limited,
9 •
r—call again,
Toronto, Ont and Winnipeg, Man
i	|	,	. L ¦	| Well, do I look like a miscreant
a /narked improvement in her ron are unknown. The little ones are	and grant him a protectorate. | W|lo Woulcl be only too glad to aban-
oondition, and one day the doctor	cross because they	are ailing	and Some years	ago. a large portion	j ^on them to the mercy of strangers?'
who had said she could not get bet-	these Tablet» are tho licst medicine I <J British Columbia was ruled by a	j • Qf course not.	W hatever put such
ter called while passing and found	In thc world	for stomach, bowel and I Frenchman, than whom, certainly,	an |dea into your	head	?”
her Ironing—something she had not	teething troubles.	They will make	no monarch in	the nineteenth cen-	««0r have I the reputation of lie-
been able to do for months. I told ]	your baby well and keep it well,	and	tu**y was more	tyrannical and fitful..	| jng so that I would not dishim it was Dr. Williams' Pink Pills 1	they are guaranteed	to contain	no	This man,	j turb or exert myself in the slightest
that was curing her and he said. Ingredients that can harm tho small- ROMANO W AS HIS NAME. | to secure their safety from the most " °ll; I N" surprised, but continue est, weakest infant Mothers every-1 possessed a very great fortune a desperate danger the pills, they will cure her.” She where give these Tablets the highest large slice of which he invested in "No. indeed. Who’s been accusing in all eight or ten boxes, and	praise. Mrs.	H. McMaster, Cooks- |amj in British Columbia, over which ' you of such things	?”
Is now as healthy a girl as you will	town. Ont	says :-"My baby was, he ruled with a monarch’s will, and !	My wife."
nnd anywhere, and she has not since much troubled with constipation and a madman’s eccentricities. Every- "Your wife ? Why ?"	„	_	_
had a symptom of the trouble."	indigestion,	and was	very restless ^ie within the scope of	his power! ’Why, little Johnny got himself	Beware Of Ointments for Catarrh
R you are weak or ailing ; if your	and peevish	at nights	I gave her | quickly learnt what kind	of a man	lost for a couple of hours the other	that contain Mercury
nerves ar© tired and jaded, or your	Baby » Oan	Tablets and she is now ; ho was, and so erratic were his	: day, and all I did was to notify tho	M mercury will mrely destroy the een*o of
mood is out of condition, you will	regular and	rests well.	I also find moods that his subjects	soon be-	police, hire every private detective	tmoll and completely derange the whole eyttem
WêêëêWê ####
% 7	Pink powd!>r “u'nV	to U,: j	Vr.d"orTh^t! a	4”	^ ,
PIIIh for Pale People" on tho wrap-	youngest, feeblest infant with	none	B livelihood or live peaceably	erul other things, because I refused	ismallr. sciteg dlrocUj	upon the blood and «Tla.^.' V"~
P« uround eyerjr box. Sold by ,11	but	good result». Sold by all	deal-	I French and Frcnch-Canadlan eub^	to do nil she wanted me to.”	™Catïéît^ur°.	r'ÏTint^?heYen"?
' ‘lie df-ii lers or sent post paid at	ers»	or sent post I aid at 25 cents a	! jocts were not so severely treated	"Why, what more was possible ?”	ne. It Is teksn in tern el «y .and made In Toledo
oO cents a box or six boxes for $2 50	box	by writing direct to the	Dr	£ut even they learnt to hate him	Make the Commander-In-Chief	Ohio, bj T. J. ( hen*r	& Co. Te.Umon.nl.
hu, 'Vt*ün5,	40 the	Wll- Willlun'* '• dlcine ( cr. Rrockvllle, with nn exceedingly bitter hate. One | order out the Militia to help In the r£, id brDruraUt', pelon 7Jo per bottle.
»ama Medicine Co., BrockvUle. Ont, | Ont., or Scheuectad). N.Y.	| day he took olleocv nt soiuo act I hunt ! "	Hair, >aatil> PU1. are to. beet.
« 9
9 9
FEATHER DYEING
noorrs liiiem ine uesi noir Restorer
Cleaning end Carling sod Kid Glove# cleenetL These be seat by poet, le per os. the beet piece is
Tom—"I wish that I had Joe’s good luck.” Dick—"So he’s generally lucky ?" Tom—"Lucky ! If he walked out of a window in his sleep at dead of night there would be another man going by below carrying a feather bed."
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
Montreal, Ottawa, Toronto, Quebec
Dominion Une Steamships
Montreal to Liverpool. Boston to Liver iwnl. Portion 1 to Liverpool. Via guet os-lown.
Iwigoand Past Steamahipe. Super! i for all cleaaee of pa venger* H.loon are anildshipe. Special attention has lie* n given Second Saloon and Third Claw accommodation mLa of pas agr and all particulars, apply to any agent of the ( ompany. or
Richards, Mills * Co,
77 State 8u Do tom
• $

urn odstion a sud Staterooms to i he
or o
K.r
D. Torrance SCo. Montreal and Portland,
Wood* Photoengraving
m j. i. jones Chc.c? 4 g
BAY STREET — I OPINIO


i _
i
		
L
	
-
_

###PAGE###8###
—T
w*.:V
r
Large stock of Shoes.
E. HODCINS & SON'S ADVT.
HOLD UP
The old saying about forcing square pegs into round holes is illustrated in almost every shoe store every day. Feet differ, and no one make of shoes, however good it may be, will fit every foot.
Haying Tools.
Scythes,
Snaiths,
Rakes,
Forks.
a minute and read this if your c lothes are beginning to approach a condition of innocuous desuetude, which will make
it necessary to discard them. V e want
Our stock is large and we pride ourselves on vur ability to fit all the types of feet that walk into
a store.
your patronage- not for one time only,
If >ve can get the
but permanently
former we arc certain to secure the lat
ter. Why ? Our stock is so large we will have the kind you want. By selling ho many Suite it enables us to sell so cheap. Our fit and workmanship are all right.
Many customers come doubting, but go away satisfied and later return with their friends. This is a satisfying Store.
A. R, McGUIRE,


M. STEWART.
The Tailor.
Main Street, Shawville.
The Barondale Veterinary Njedicines.
gig Bargains,
Irresistible Prices
Fascinating Goods
NO ANTIQUES OR BACK NUMBERS
OM* THU SHELVES AT
SHAWVILLE’S smallest STORE.
Machine Oil,
Castor Oil,
Harvest Mitts,
At Lowest Prices.
V
<
and
After Using
Before Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
Animals this season of the year require something to purifv the blood, remove the old coat of hair, restore the appetite and put him in a health v c ondition for the Soring work. Our condition medicines is highly endorsed, hy all who use it. We have many testimonials testifying to its good results. Once tried, always used.
Testimonial.—About as bad a case of heaves as ever developed in a horse, developed k, one brought to my stable recently. 1 was in a great way to cure him if possible, but <o bad was it I had very little hope of doing anything for it. The Barondale Heave Cvkk was recommended to me and I procured a bottle. 1 gave him only two doses one in the evening and one in the morning, and after that 1 defied anv person to detect the least defect in his breathing. As a proof of its good effect 1 might say that this horse was afterwards sold to a Gipsey the best of judges of horses—who after driving him considerably, on a warm day. failed to see the least sign of a defective wind.	Yours truly, JOHN BURKE. Ottawa
For sale at—
0 Meara Bros’, Bryscn ;
T. & D. Rousseau s, Campbells Bay
J. E. Cahill's, Calumet Island ;
A Good supply of
Yarns, Blankets & Kerseys
A few Hot Weather Specials :
52 only Men’s Neglige Shirts, reg. 90c. for 65c. Men’s Balbriggin Underwear, 50 cents per suit.
28 only beautiful Parasols, steel shank, natural wood handles ; reg. price, $1.65, now $1.20.
200 yards Summer Silk ; reg. 40 and 50c., now 25c. All sizes in D. & A. Summer Corsets, 25c. per pair. All Staple Dry Goods will be found 10 per cent lower than the lowest.
J. F. Cronau s, Ladysmith. Silas Young's, Starts Corners.
W. H. Lucas', Caldwell
Wm. Moore's, Otter Lake ;
Now In Stock.
Drug Store, Shawville ;
closed the read leading to the Bvuly Hill on lot 15 on 9 h range, Clarendon, tlnC the Sec-Treasbe and is hereby instruct d to notify said Wm Bcliher, jr., to open laid rea l and remove ail ohstcalea i ti said road, and kiep it open until he is ordered otherwise; end if he refuses to do so the May take legal proceedings against him, and cause said roid to bo opened, and that Bailiff Wm Elliott be instructed to serve the said resolution. —Carried.
Hugh Mathis m, Soc-Treai.
Clarendon Council
E. HODGINS & SON.
Town Hall, Shawville,
July 7th, 1902.
Regular Session of the Council this day.
Mr Mayor, John
T. W. WILSON & CO.
Member* present Stewart; Councillors : Thomas McD >wel James Smith, James Wilsm, W A Hod gu\s, F Thomas, a id Wni li dgius. Minutes of last session read.
hereby instructed t
P. S—Try us in Teas and Sugars.
THE FAVORITE
Moved by C .un Wm II idgins, sec by Coun James Smith, that tho minutes of last meeting, as n.iw read, be and are hereby confirmed.—Carried.
Moved by Coun James W.ls m, see by Ooun Thomas McD jwe'l, that the dim age claim by R chard Richardson be re ferred to Rural Inspect r, R W Ralph, for examination and report —Carried.
Moved by Coun Fred Thoma% sec by Coun Wm Hodgius, that the following bills be paid: George McCord, 7 cedars at 40c, $2.80; John Armstrong, A A, eight cedars at 40c, $3 20; Wm A Hodgius, cedars and tiles, $10.40, for John B Corrigan’s division; Joseph Murphy, cedars at 30c, $1.80; James Smiley $3, in settlement of his claim; John Lester, repairing road maker. $1.00.—Carried.
Moved by Coun F Thomas, sec by Coun James Smith, that in the event of the Auditors not being able to attend, the Sec Trees is instructed to employ J R Horner.—Carried.
Moved by Coun Wm Hudgins sec by Coun Thomas McDowell, that the petition of Thomas Craig be granted on the condition that Mr Glenn will leave the new road in as good a condition as the other, or to the satisfaction of Wm B Armstrong, Road Inspector.—Carried.
Moved by Coun James Wilson, sec by Ceun W A Hodgins, that Andrew McKnight get what tile Mayor Stewart may tiud required for ditch in front of Fletcher's place.—Carried.
Moved by Coun James Wilson, sec by Coun W A Hodgins, that W G McDowell be allowed for his work performed ahead in John McDowell a division, and aik John Horner to exempt him from performing days in his division.— Carried.
Moved by Coun Wm Hodgins, sec by Coun F Thomas,that this Council will not be responsible fer any support to Mrs Luker previous to the 2ud day of June last past.—Carried.
Moved by Coun James Wilson, sec by Coun Thomas McDowell, that Archibald Greer be paid $27,00, when in funds, foi work on the 13th concession, on the condition that he Archibald Greer will keep the said work in good repair, and the said A Greer is hereby held in this contract. —Carried,
Moved by Coun James W.hon, sec by Coun Thomas McDowell, that Stewart Hodgins be paid $7 75, and George Stanley. $2 25; Pat McCoullough, 16 cedars at 40c. each, $0.40.—Carried.
Moved by Coun W A Hodgins, tec by Coun F Thomas, that this Coun will apply $0 for stumping the s deline between lots 15 and 10 on the 3 d range, under the supervision of Road Inspector Andrew S'y after the work is satisfactorily per formed.—Carried.
Moved by Coun W A Hodgins, sec by Gown Wm Hodgins, that Joseph Brown bd paid for G9 cadars at 38c $20.22, being delivered during 1901-2,— Carried.
Moved by Coun Wm Hodgins, sec by Coun W A Hodgins, that inasmuch as omplaiot his been made that William Belsher, jr, has put obstacles oo and

U orner, that the Chairman and Sec-Treaa Puller's telegram regarding the a band, n be and are hereby authorised and
powered to bo rrow from the Merchants the protection of the cipher before it Bank of Canada at Shawville, any money was printed.
for tho business of this Gan. Duller now issues his exact mea-
e
meat vf Ladysmith was paraphrased foi
tun
To Whom it May Con
Intimari m is hereby given, thafany one desirous of knowing the expenditure and income of the course taken re compulsory vaccination, may see a statement of the same at the office of the Secretary Treasurer at Shawville.
Hugh Mdtheson, Sec-Treas.
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
N
we may require
Board of School Commissioners for the sage from his own record as follows !
*‘My vitw is that I ought to let Lidy-smiih go and occupy good positions f«o Moved by Robert Smart, seconded by South Natal and let time he’p us.— James Wilson, that J J Hodgins be paid The best thing I can suggest is that I $16 f„r the moving of No 7 shed and the should occupy defensive positions and firewood when in funds.—Carried.	fight it out in a country better suited to
Moved by James Wilson, seconded by i our tactics. *’
Robert Smart, that all uncollected taxes To the foregoing message the govern remaining unpaid on the first day of ment replied that the suirender of August will be handed over for collect- Ladysmith would be regarded as a nation ion without fail.—Carried.	al disaster of the greatest magnitude,’and
Hugh Matheson, Sec-Treasurer. | it urged General Duller to make another
attempt.
present scholastic year, not to exceed one thousand dollars.—Carried.
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
WAINMAIT’S.
Clarendon Schools
ta
Shiwville, Bth luîy, 1902.
Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon met this day. Members present : Robert Smart, chairman; Commissioners : R VV Ralph, F Thomas and James Wilson.
Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by F Thomas, seconded by James Wilson, that the minutes of last
BIX
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
The text of General Bailor's heliogram to General White in Ladysmith after his next failure to relieve the place, over which there was such a controversy in
meeting as now read, be and are hereby I Grade III. — Herbert Reid, 690. Grade | England, contains this passage : confirmed.—Carried.	II.—Amy Reid, 679; Violet Brown, **1 suggest that you fire away as much
Moved by R W Ralph, seconded by F	643; Archie Burton, 611;	Andrew Gil-	ammunition ai you can and making the
Thomas, that the chairman be and is here-	christ, 590: Etta Dagg,	595; Clarke	best terms you can. lean remain here
by appointed to preside at the election j Thomson, 564; Charles	Gagain, 530.	jf you have any alternative suggestion,but
of a School Commissioner, in the room	Grade II., Jr.—Lulu Thomson, 1st;	unaided I cannot break in. I find my
and stead of John Grant, Esq, whose	Stella Campbell, 2nd.	Part II.—Ken-	infanty cannot fight more than ten miles
term of office has expired, at the Town	j	neth Thomson, 1st;	Murray Burton,	f.om camp, and then only if water can
Ball, Shawville, on Monday the 7:h day | 2nd; Robert Kearns, 3rd. Grade I — be got. Whatever happens, recollect to of July inst.—Carried.	Elmer Lackey, 1st; Willie Gilchrist, burn your cipher, decipher and code
Moved by R W Ralph, seconded by 2nd; Gladys Thomson, 3rd; Henry Bur- books and deciphered messages.”
Fred Thomas, that E W Hodgins and ! ton, 4th; Flora Thomson, 5th; Gordon Gen. White’s reply was that be could James Horner be and are hereby ap Gibbons, 6th; Eddie Gilchrist, 7th. not make hie food last much longer, but pointed to audit the Sec-Treis books for	Nellie E Grant. he should not think of making terms un-
the year just closed.—Carried.	---- I til he was forced to do so.
Moved by R XX Ralph, seconded by ,^0. 9 School, Clarendon.—Grade IV. I The newspapers take the view that James XV ileon, that the offer of J J Hud	Clarence Richardson 1, Isabella Argue	Gen. Bu'1er has now destroyed his own
gimto move the wood and shed of No 7	|	g Hattie Workman 3,	Harriett Elliott	reputation and proved his own worst
School for $ 16, be and is hereby accept -	4 Grade III.—Harold Kelly 1, Ceci- enemy
ed. —(. .irried.	lia Argue 2, Cyrus Hodgins 3, Robert The Dai’y Mail says that Gen. Bullet's
Moved by R XV Ralph, seconded by | Hazleton 4, Adelaide Eliott 5. Grade attitude hitherto led many persons of James XX ilson, that Ht nry B Hodgins be —Evelvn Hodgins 1, Florence weak judgment to imagine that he was paid $9 for repairs on out-houses and one Strutt o Harold Dagg 3, Eva Belsher really maligned, but the full text of his at school No 9.—Carried.	i 4, Elliott Hodgins 5, Grade I., Sr.— message is worse than his own enemies
Moved, seconded and carried that the j Archie Richardson and El wood Work-1 supposed.
y vS **5“^ mLwit ' in man («Qua) 1, Agnes Strutt 2, Lyall R XX Ralph, $13; F Thomas, $9.40; | Belsher 3, Harry Belsher 4, Lemuel James Wilson, *10 <5; Robert Smart, Hodgins 5. Grade 1 , Jr.-Alice El-$10.24, fur visiting the schools twice %^tt 1, Lendon Workman 2, Gracie during the year, also supplies to the re- Smith 3, Lena Strutt 4, Ellis HodgitW spective schools; Lionel Hodgins, *6, |	5.	Minnie Matheson, Teacher,
claim against school No 8. Also the Sec-Treas for necessary outside work for the past year.
Portage du Fort

HONOR ROLL, ELEMENTARY DEPT

A full line of Stove Furnishings,


Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
G. B. wainmânT SHAWVILLE.




P. S.-Highest price for Hides and Pelts.

?
49
YEARS Last May Jas. Boss marketed the first
Gold Filled Watch Case that the world
had ever seen, and for 49 years the world has failed to produce a case to even equal the Jas. Boss Case.

4C0
Is It The Ark ?
AN INTERESTING STORY FROM INTERIOR
OK ALASKA.
O
O
• Tacoma, Wash., July 2—XV. A. Reid, secretary of theSkagwayY. M. C. A. has returned from the interior of Alaska, London, July 8 —Just when the Brit- I where he talked with the Indians, whose ish’publio was becoming preoccupied with earnest statements he believes, fully con more recent thing», General Sir Red vers firms previous reports that the Indians of Duller has rearoused the old angry con- the luwt r Yukon have discovered an im-troverey over his conduct of Natal cam- mense petrified ship on Porcupine River piign. He has forwarded t ) the press near the Arctic circle, and North of Ram-copies of his despatches relating to his part, Alaska.
first attempt to releve Ladysmith. His XX hen asked its size the Indians traced first despatch, dated December 15, 1899, its dimensions en the ground, indicating is from Chieveley Camp to the secretary a length of 1,200 feet, of war. In it he says explicitly that he Such Indians as are familiar with the does not cons'der himself strong enough B'ble are convinced that the 6hip is none to relieve Ladysmith. He says, “I coo- other than Noah’s Ark. Reid intends to sider that 1 ought to let Ladysmith go return to the interior of Alaska this sum-and occupy a good posit! m for the de- mer, when he will take some Indians and fence of South Natal, and sj let time request army officers to detail soldiers to help us."	accompany him. The ship lies on a h'gh
The war office announces that Gen. hill, thousands of feet above the sea level.
Come in and let us tell you all about them and show you the signs by which you may know them. We are sole agents for Shawville.
Writes His Own Doom
Hugh Matheson, Sec-Tieae
Shawville, 14th Ju’y, 1902.
Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon met this day. Members present : Hubert Smart, chairman; William Bor ner and James Wilson.
Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by R W Ralph, seconded by Wm Horner, that the minutes of last meeting as now read be and are hereby confirmed — Carried.
Moved by James Wilson, seconded byl Wm Horner, that Commissioner R XV Ralph be and is hereby appointed chairman of this Board for the ensuing term. —Carried.
Moved by Robert Bmar\ seconded by W

: : W H Y T B : :
each,
THE WATCHMAKER
Opposite Pontiac House,	Shawville.

• 9


	

