###PAGE###1###


J
»
No. 27. 20ru Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, DEC. 18, 1902.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
J'9
P
( OS/'H< T
ver hIiow;
if you hi
mining onr cfiolci
in Tin» il
surf nifflt will iuUh
up ill y 'in fore ox-W .11	.
(mining tUmo on Urn «diorti'Ht , J MlNiN e Photo Stvpio. I
all kind* and in ami our Ini
W. T. Kaul
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
Y
IK*
T
Mr the little foil
!
fti (l
mvi
Lqii
!‘i

llesd omet
OTTAWA, CANADA.
. ..... 92,000^000
k
Our Headache Curing Record
Capital paiül Up
OF CANADA.
II. f ul,Lcr, Fhawviîli*, pa>x thi* I "	NI i, calfskins anil pelt«v
m:- < ail ut Stewart’»* lîoot ami irv aim get a < 'alcndnr for t lie year IfMti.
fleet
1
DUO
I
prii
r Iiidf'F
Board of Dirtctors :
Hundred» have beei
- $0,000,000.1 ",,r
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000. $
freed from pcrwi»tenl
fitted
When we undertake t-0 cure headnt lien u e do It or ref und t he money. ,vm t extvd ae lent Ideally at thé Drug
ore, Sijnwville.
A Xmas Present
Hiiaiilkh Maoek, Esq., President. Uroroi Hay, khq. .Vice-President.
David MalLarkm, Kmj.
O RT <
CAPITAL
Sho
6am
Hou. G KO. ItKYSON, JR
Am. Phase!, F!nq ,
Dhknih Mvurev, Kmq
Head 0flier» • Montreal.
our little hamlet.
Mi. H. D. Hudgins has improved the appearance, <>f his fields south of here by erecting a Wire fence along the roadside.
Some of our boys have gone to the
woods.
Messrs. J, L>. Orcenshields and T. Wf Horigins stmt this morning for McLaren’*» Coul »iu-e limits
Mr. Jas. M Hedging is supplying wood f r our school this season.
Mi Rugglee Kelly is at present drawing stone to Shawville.
The past week has been severe on the wood box and incidentally the chore boy as well.
Gi lierai Manager .. .. Manager
GEOROEIIURM I). M. KIN>1E
James Griftin. aged 29 yearn, eldest non of Michael Griffin, of Calumet Ihhmd, died at Mind River, Ont., hospital on Dec. Oth « t typhoid t> ver and heart <li«-
approved wenrlty al I two sorrowii	, reached homo on
I Tuesday night Ho was buried in the Unman	la
land at 10 o’clock on Thursday morning.
SPECIAL CLEARING SALE OF
— —O
Branche# :
IN ONTARIO:
Keewattn,
Kemptville,
Matttiwa,
Ottawa,
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
Il in romains, accompanied by 'his
I -mark,
Parry Sound, Pembroke, Rat P-rUtge, Winchester,
Renfrew
Alexandria,
A rn prior,
Avonioore,
Hravebrldgc,
Car let f» n
Co Men Hawkewbury,
SEASONABLE GOODS
Money loaned on reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money tranaferred to all parts of the world
RAVINGS BANK.
do
do Rank Rt do Rideau Ht. Toronto, do Somerset Bt. Wieeheater Vatikleek Hill, Smith*» Falla
Place,
OflicERs Elected.— Pontiac LoJgo A. F. & A. M.t elected its officers for the cdBuieg year or* Friduy evening huit n* follows :
Bro. B. T,. Whitman, W. M.
11 W. I). Aruntago, K. W.
14 R Mitchell, J. W.
44 Rev Geo E. Bruwulco, Chap.
41 A W. Dahms, Tyler R.W. Bro. ei. H. Shaw, *
14	4 A. J. Jackson,
Our entire stock of Dry Goods, Clothing and Furs, we have decided to clear out these lines, and have reduced everything to prices that must make a stir and a speedy clearance. Our stock is new and first class in every respect. Our customers know that quality has always been a leading feature with us. Genuine bargains will be found in every department, and we have the goods that are wanted Now.
IN MANITOBA :
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Accounts opened for amount» of one dol lars and upward* a ml t nit* reat allowed.
Orrice Hour* .
SATURDAY* . .
* Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC:
Hull,
_____________IUvli|tt
Agent* In Canada, New Y »rk and Chicago— Hank of Mont rial.
Agents in tit. Paul—Merchant* Nat Rank.
Agents in London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd,
Lscliate
Montreal,
10 À.W. TO 3 P.M
f
10 A M. TO 1 P.M
F. A.PARKER, Manager
Anneeley

re-elected
The road»,which were in a twd Condi tion from lust week a snow afcorrn, are
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Richard Chapman, of Lower Litch ,.	,	.	, A ,
field, died m St. Luke’s hospital, Ottawa, improving from the amount of trathc that
on Tuesday afternoon of hat week. He 11S %^ "'	..	.
was taken down to Ottawa on Monday by ie ™Inur<J n,c hau mK *be r Rram ^ Dr. Gaboury and his brother, J. H. "!e	just now, most of it going to
Chapman, to have an operation perform- „ vl. e' . .	....	...
We have just had a most terrible race 1 ed for appendicitis. Ik-inz very weak * îr. I . Smifb and ins sistnMiss . ai .n with the wolves und one of my deer is so the operation was not performed. His "el (‘,	,	of Mrs. James Doherty
weak I have to leave them all here and remains were brought homo. Ho leaves »" Sunday last returning to their home
SSSsxS «strsd-te ««u -^
them there. I will telegraph you next | held cemetery, week again
By Telegraph.
Read Stewart's ad. this week before you buy your Xmas gift.
Fancy Goons—An elegant assortment of all kinds suitable for Xmas presents
at Earls,
Mr. A. J. Jackson is at preset t engaged at the Dowd Milling Company s new mill St Pakenham.
Mr. Sullivan, stock dealer, made further shipments of cattle and hogs from here this week.
Mr. “ Conn” McCagg, has taken hold of the skating link in town, and expects to have it in fair condition for skating this week.
posters are out announcing the annual tea meeting of the congregation of St. Paul's church, which is to he held in Elliott’s hall on New Year night—Jan 1.
Dear Rryson Friends—
GROCERIES FOR XMAS.
have returned from the woods and received a hearty welcome from their many
A Complete stock of Goods at the lowest possible prices.
Your old Friend,
SANTA
Mr. J. T. Whelen, town clerk of Ayl* friends mer for the past twenty years, died Wed- A very ^exciting party drove to the
Letter from Santa Claus to I nesday night of heart disease with which Anncsley House on Tuesday last—(much
he had been suffering for some time	He	further heard than seen.)
whs a member of King Solomon Lodge	Miss Eliza Young went	to	Ottawa
, A F & A M., and shortly before his Monday	?
Dear Sir—I have recened u large hag of death gave explicit orders that he be Some uf the Clarendon boys and Bris-
LnTwtlldo ;LV)rJt\rùtU.,l|,tonl iThr	hy *'ml '""'y- He &> year* tol young Mies paid a Hying visit to
requests contained in them. I am sending of age and for many years had been a l hartei is a few days ago. on a few ne tv toys to add to the stock hi prominent resident of the tow n and act	Miss Nettie Stanton has been visiting
your big toy stoic. 1 will make my annual ivoly connected with its municipal affairs her sister, Mrs. N. Morrill for the past visit to jyour establishment on Monday having tilled for a long term the lespon- week and returned home recently, night at 7 odock sharp. Ik* sure to .iavc | gj^0 p0Sjtjf,n <»f clerk of tho municipa- Mr. M Dulierty drove to Weiretcad on
1 ty. His w ife predeceased him several Synday.
Santa Claus. I years and his only son was killed some Mr.Jas. Doherty, the late trustee for _____ *______ time ago in an electric car accident.	Two	North Bristol, is doing a very	successful
Bibles, Hymn Books and Prayer Books brothers of the deceased, Arthur	and	business.
Alexander Whclen and a sister, Mrs. Mr. Wm. Doherty and Miss Maggie Si »u be re, reside in Aylmer.	| Beaty were the guests of Mr. P. O'Mally
on Wednesday night.
Miss Katie Kavanagh of Campliell s
Miss Hannah
W. T. Earl.
un
SPECIALTIES IN HARDWARE.
When in need of anything in this line give us a
call.
Fok Salk.—1 span draft h«r*o«, weight about 2900 lbs, reason f"r nulling : Want money
the windows read;
Yours as ever
Andrew McKmoht,
Radford.
Tnv mail stage line between Slinwvillo and Otter Like has again changed hands, Mr. W. B. Crawford, our local wholesale dealer having bought out the equipment of Mr. All. Howard last t eek.
f * !
Miss Moulton's room in tho Academy (Sr Elemcnwiry) s « in charge of Mm. Dilworth for a few days last week in consequence of the teacher’s illness.
—an endless variety—at tho Drug Store
Fancy Goods and Confectionery for Xmas.
Married.—Un Wednesday, Dec. 3rd at the home of .the bride’s father in Westmeath, by the Rev. W, Knox, of Beach burg, Mr. H R. Smith, of Westmeath to Miss Elith M, Papin, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. L. Papin.
Groen Lake Cheese Factory
General Report Season 1902.
Total quantity of milk, 827,oTA.
“	41 at cheese. 81,451.
14 amount of cash 97,891.39 Quantity to make one lb. cheese 10 1-6 Price per lb of cheese 9 410.
Price per 100 lbs milk, 73 3c.
Average butter fat test 3.731 44 price per lb. butter fat 19.(i.
T. E. Armstrong, Sec y.
Day was the guest of bu an last week, returning home Friday Mr. 8. Hooliban the government I road contractor and bridge builder is at I at present hauling home his winter's
Kil
t
J. H. SHAW.
PHOTOGRAPHY
supply of wood
Why he posted with agents, when you can deal direct with Itniaon fur crayon and water color enlargments. C nnpetition defied.
FOB SALE-a good sound Horse, suit
Price made
able for all general purposes known on application.
WosaL Wanted
W. A. Hodoinr,
Lot 7, Range 5. Clarendon
P. S. Ask for one of our nice Calendars.
Imison’h Studio
eSSeSS
Nana oin .	place at the regular meeting which is fcj be
À private letter from Mr. E. Graham held on Wednesday evening #f next I Grade IV, Sr.—1 Edith McDonald, 2 states that he and Mr. T. H, Brownlee week. It is important that there be as Ethel Stewart. Grade IV Jr.—1 Ruby are meeting with good success in ad vane- large an attendance as possible.	McKochnio, 2 Dinah Graham, 3 Lena
ing the interests of the Dowd Milling Co. _, m* •	. t. i> f	Houlihan. Grade III —1 Sarah Camp
among the farmers of Manitoba.	' % Shakespeare	hell, 2 Robbie McKechnie, 3 Laura Davis
We are sending out a li»t of subscription	" Longfellow,	% Herman Grant and Myrtle Graham,
accounts this week which we trust will	gT t|	Grade II —1 James Campbell, 2 Sam
meet with a prompt response. To those	' w * •	Cuthberterm. Sec. Primer.—1 Edna
who have kindly paid up daring the past	ni‘Park, 2 Gladys Graham Grade I -
10 days we extend our hearty t hunks.	Burns,	Wesley Grant, 2 Howard McQuirter.
A grand concert is to he held at No 9	~At the Uru* ‘'U,ro* |	E. Johnston, Teacher
school, Elmside, on Friday, Dec. 19th Miss Hannah Best, an aged and reDoors open at 7.30. Admission-20c ; spected lady, sister of Mrs. John Strutt,
children 10c.	of this village, passed away at 5 o’clock	___
-, n	Slimu. Kch™l of r"	morning	having been in an	I ^ 16.-Dr.wlng wood Is the older of
Tlie Presbytemn Sunday School of	linoooeciouR	condition	from the previous	the day and thc nM(is art. flnc lor driving.
Cpper Litchfield will hold their Christ	Thursday.	She was	76 years of age.	Mr. and Mrs. Silos Young spent Satur-
maa Entertainment at Campbell’s Bay on	Her death	was due to heart disease. The	day and Sunday visiting friends
Tuesday evening, Dec. 23rd. See posters funeral took place to the Methodist | den
for fuller information.	cemetery on Wednesday morning
sound hardwood.
Also 50
I 100 cords of good (maple preferred) 2 feet long corns of four-foot mixed wood.
School Report
GEORGE CATER,
Shawville
No. 9 Bristol
JU
U
.1
-a
Mr
PLEASE
PERFECTLY
PRETTY PRESENTS i

r
£
%
Q
Starke’s Corners
v
X


at Cob
Mr. DilWroth was tho guest of Mr. W. j. Starke last wee*.	*
L.% 2I At this period of the year we put forth oar best effort, to stock ou, store with tho
will he held in Elliott's hall on Tuesday Corners, on Monday evening the 22nd of lll°yc are gorry to jiear 0f Joseph I IdtCSt ailtl (inGSt lilies of ( llMStmaS liOOtls that W6 CAM pill CiiaSC. llllS year a Selection
—A,,”*.' .S'.vi J";, Z 5s"v it.'S"inti“i"n.l'	K iaettVmS^USr11f'™n om stock	alul	Completely satisfied is the way wo feel and if you
oeciution	tationa by the Sunday School Scholar*, Mr. and Mrs. James Ucun were Ihe I00k OVt’l'OW lines YOU will SUV the Same.
w,ll form a varied and pleaaiDgrrogramme. guvata of thnr .limghtov, Mr*. Jolm Gun- 1	¦
A concert will be held m the Town The e*t»b iahed reputation of the Starke* “ v^TreglLl tifnoic that Mr. Tima. Dean
Hall, Portage du fort, Dec. 2b, in con- Corners people, for good entertainments ,*9 nearly through with his job at the
nection with the Presbyterian Church. will be fully maintained. Every effort is manse.	;	¦¦¦
Refreshments will l>e served during the being made to make it a success. Admis- Wc hope that thc Xm
evening. Admission :	Adults, 25cts ; jon 15 cents, children 10 cents.	be a success.
A;,rnn iK-fu	Mr. Stewart Hart 1m
*	' Mr. and Mrs Norman Brownlee gave this locality.
>e. se Ic l™E*ESî5 - *
scribers every. week-rain or shine	day evening of last week Mins Dora '	Gladys.
a r •<$»	---------
hopes those whom he visits weekly will ley earned off the not forget to do thc “ net benevolent ' | Mu when he calls next week
I
r
Christmas Books.
Photo Frames and Albums
it ing In I Mirrors, Glove and Handkerchief Boxes. g see these. We have something new and |	and paper.__________
attractive.
Presents for Ladies.
Xmas Cardsand Calendars
Beautiful designs in different shapes and
Bibles, Hymn, and Prayer I	,,v''r>oucof th,u‘- Priccs
Books. *	---- .
Perfume.
In fancy Boxes for present. Something leather ca -1. We ~o!Ï only P< ; fume of known merit.
on ami Mr. W Cross-Hi I off the first prizes, while Miss uriel McKeuuey, (juyon, and Mr Clarence Naylor, owing to circumstances he-
were Allotted* the The cards were fol-
new in
Yami os.
Games.
Ping Pong, from 25c. to f^.GO. Table Tennis, Authors, Nations, &c—n pleasant way to spend the long w inter evenings.
_ I Vew Book* for all the Churches. High class goods at reasonable prices.
Dec. 15.—Xmas Tree in the school house here on Friday evening of this
week, commencing at i> 30, p. m.	I Boy’s Own Annual, Girl s Own Annual, I Presents for Men.
SESSS	... UU. in
been on the decline.	hound In cloth, at I Acts each-2 for 26et* ; I Collar and Cuff Boxes, Ink Stands, Neck-1 boxes for presents at 50©. and $1.00. Some-
Service waa conducted on Sunday even- picture Books, ABC Books.	| tie Cases.	| thing new and good in Cn.se Pipes.
The
vim into a few of our neighbors, am Messrs H. B. Hodgins, XV. A. Sheppird and W.
C. Bclsher are drawing wood to Shawville.
rence iNayior, owing
For »n Xm»» gift what's better th*n I	....
A 1 phot» nf^yours. lf or yf>ur amily, I lowe<l by dancing, after which the guests Never TDind the^weather, come early m the l^urne(| t^e-r geveraj homes, tho-<lay. Place your order at once and avoid rollghiy satisfied with their evening's en-the rush.	« joyment.
Books for young* People
an
Cigars and Pipes.
B. Imison
the Rev. I Norman, coal famine seems to be putting
The farmers of Charteris neighborhood have been considering the question of having a cheese factory in their midst, and to that end held a meeting on Mod-day	Mr. R W. Hodgins
Dim.—At Starke's Corners on Dec. present to give the parties interested 4th, Margaret Lietch. wife of James some useful and practical information Morrison, at the sge of 86 years, after a on the subject, and reports that a factory |rnr yinese. fibs was bom in Scotland is pretty sure to be started on the oo op. in iLe year 1817. She camo to Canada erative p'an, such as governs those a!-with her parents at the age of 23 years ready in existence in the township, he and made her home with John FuWord having demonstrated that this method at Starke's Corners. The deceased leaves gives greater satisfaction to patrons than thyee sisters and one brother, and a large foctonee conducted by individual enfer-nember of friends to mourn her l as.
We have a very nice stock of Photo Frames and Albums. Do not fail to see them before buying
It is impossible to mention all the goods and prices. We want your inspection. We can please you, we feci sure. You can search and search, but you won’t find a better line than our’s. We invite inspection and do not make you feel under an obligation to buy, but we feel that both are benefited by your call.
The Drug Store
Mr. George Smith is taking out logs for the sawmill this winter.
Messrs. McDowell and Richardson hare sold their portable saw mill to Messrs Hodgins A Mirrsy, mod are putting in a new outfit at Stanley's bridge, N. Clarendon.
Since being veneered the new parson age adds materially to the appearance of

THE DRUG STORE - SHAWVILLE
prie*.
###PAGE###2###
- . .


w
her room, and, turning her tenderly, bade her good night
Going back to his own room, he reRuined hit reverie. *' Well,11 he thought, “1 had a merry Christmas, for it's uft-or Vi o’clock. And now for the old lifa Cowardly, folks would call it, 1 suppose, to run away with a charge like that over my head, but I don’t think it is. If I stay, the old man will surely inn ko a row in the morning and there will be a great scandal. If 1 go, ho will be too proud to make the scandal for nothing. Ho will call $500 a cheap price to get rid of good for nothing me, and that will Vo the cud cf it Poor mother thinks I’m guilty, too, but they won’t tell anybody else for shame’s sake, and if they can't trust me lot them think what they will.
Five hundred dollars,” he inutterod, a nasty sort of laugh, under his
Oil. ON THE WATERS.
S££tKSt:A CHRISTMAS SERMON
«eue, for there, as the hour approaches,
the gr.nl stone church that LESSONS TAUGHT BY THE BIRTH OF
dominates the parish lit like a vast lau-	CHRIST,
leru, and stretching from it ou either hand the homes of the habitants, each one doing its little best in loyal imitation. Hardly have the big belli in the tower begun to ring out their clear call
upon the crisp, cold air than the little It was the distinctive glory of Christ’s bells on the horses’ necks send back Qiiuigisl not that it introduced a now tinkling responses as one after another codo of morals or of social ethics, it the varioles appear upon the road and	^ {%	*^4 **,, foro€ wud
«*-«<««
night, for when the long eerritw ut last K“vp th, m	«‘notion, and m-
come, to an end the congregation doc, finitely greater ImixiUnuoe from being not go quietly home, but breaks up into exemplified in the perfect life of Christ little groups, usually consisting cf fam- himself. There were people who had ily circles, that with chattering and bwm just, true and Uod Wring before laughter hasten indoor to enjoy the ^ojm brought down the tables of the bonntiful supper which I, the reward of ,uw from Mount 8lnal- and Bien Mted<
gatherings arc perhaps the cheeriest of fronds of >.ars b< fore Christ taught by all the year The strangeness of the precept and example tho duty of ehari-hour, tho sense of satisfaction at having ty and tho nobility of self sacrifice, done their duty as good Catholics, the Even tho sermon on the mount only inspiration, no doubt, gathered from presented in concrete form rules of con-tiie servile they have just attended and ^uct wldch regulated tho lives of ninny
—SEE t s r f r HE£F
tiucncee not only combine to put every-	originated conviction and
body into the best of humor, but to pro- feeling.
duce an exultation of spirits that drives Love in Christ’s codo of ethics was
all care and worry into temporary obliv- | both the soul and body, tho animating
principle, as well an tho perform tug
agent It was up longer be true, kind
P»*1*1 “»*	max, by no menu, I and Urause it I, a duly *o to
completes the religions programme of
tho day, for if they so choose they may
again attend high mass ut IU o’clock,
vespers ut Ü o'clock and benediction at or compliance will meet tho require-7 o’clock, thus practically spending tho mente of this new presentation of the
moral law It demands absolute obedi-
IL
A TALK OF TWO CHRISTMASES,
H
one wee*
M Well, this has been what I call a Christina*,” said Pen Habberton, with a great sigh of content as he threw himself into an easy chair in the great guest chamber that was his for the time and stretched his feet out toward tho cheery log fl.%.
"Now, 1 imagine,” be went on, talking to himself in a light hearted way, "that a few* days of this kind of life

The Defy of Charity ud the Nobility of Self SeerWoo-- Hew Art Mm l*eld It# Tribute to the Nativity.	,
ET

, *
M
I
.r*$t
/il
WZ

L
•*	i t/*<
v
"T

W1
0
« /
7


1-7
i
iWl
r
:
*
«
d
S
*


s #
j


with
breath. "That’s rather a small sum to turn thief for, but 1 wish 1 had hundredth part of it just to get grub till I strike another job 1 could get it from mother easily enough, but I’d rather go hungry than Uiko it from her, thinking what she docs.
Hut it’s best for me to go. 1 would not rare so much about if it it weren’t for Alice. Perhaps that’s boat too. I don't know whether she would Probably 1 never will kuow now, so hero goes. "
And opening his window carefully and noiselessly he swung himself out on a huge vine that clung to the side of the house, ami, lowering himself hand over hand, ho was soon on the ground It was only live miles to town, ami he was there long before daybreak.
Now Alice was a certain wide eyed, clear witted, young stxxmd cousin of I this headstrong youth met till three days before, but great things are done in three days when Cupid lurks around old fashioned country houses where tho mistletoe is used among tho decorations, and Pen was very much mistaken in thinking she wouldn’t care She would and she did
Being quick witted, Alice was also impulsive, and sometimes it was well that she was so. On tho morning after Christmas sho passed old Mr Habbex-ton’s door very early on her way down stairs mid was greatly surprised to hear angry words inside. As the door was open she entered.	j
1 tell you bo stole the money, nn*l 11 shall send for the police, ” stormed the old man. and Ben's mother, who had been pleading for mercy, gave up tho struggle. "I would have sent last night it it hadn't been Christm
Why, who has Ux»u stealing, Undo Ralph?” asked Alice.
Even m his anger tho old man paused seemed a cruel thing to accuse ono of

f It



%

Cl
a
Af:\W

X

9 é'jfS


4 U fi»
>-y :
«y
r

/




r
• *

S

ïM
i

C:5cr
I
rare.
MFi
i

••
^liS
"OH, MT BON! HOW COULD TOU DO IT?”
Would tempt even me to give up knocking about the world and settle down, ns they all want me to. By George, 1 have a notion to do it Mother says that granddad wants somebody to look after the estate, and if he could only trust me ho would be glad to have me do it.
Confound it nil. tliat’s what sticks in my crop Nobody ever trusted me so far as I know, and 1 never would explain anything, no matter how suspicions the circumstances might b«. So 1 always got blamed for everything Hanged if 1 don't think that even mother used to think 1 took all tho cream that any cf the eats stole
Foolish, of course, to run away and go to sea. but wbat could a fellow do When he is always getting into scrapes find is too proud to deny anything even when he isn't guilty? Well, I've seen half a dozen years of life and had a good fling out of it, but 1 don't remember that I ever did anything to bo ashamed of. Ilello! Who’s there? Come in, tho dour isn't locked. Why, mother, is it you? Crying? What on earth is tho matter?"
Springing to his feet, he took the poor little lady in his arms and placed her carefully in the big chair Then pulling a stool forward ho sat on it at her feet, and laying his head in her lap said: "There, mother Do you remember, this is the way 1 used to sit when 1 wait a little fellow? Now tell me all about it What has happened?’'
But sho only sobbed the harder for a time, and at length when she could command her voice she cried out passionately. "Oh. my sou, my son. how could yon do it?"
The curly head was lifted instantly, mid the handsome, boyish face grew sullen and hard. Recklessness and pride were I Jabber ton family traits, and Ben, though a younger sou. was a true Hab-bcr ton.
XT

i
i
1
F
« .
ion
4.'
For thono who ore very piously dis-
Jtka
• •

be, but bo all that because you love to bo sa No mcro formal acquiescence

They had never
day in tho church.
| Not many, however, are so devout am I cnee, but am the outcome of lovo, Lot as * j all this, and the majority of the men | the result of authority or the claims of go in for u good time, according to their | duty CHRISTMAS CELEBRATION AMONG !##***. Whether it bo to gather at the
THE FRENCH CANADIANS.
hadn't asked me not to go to sea again ) n \ \T Ï III pf)Q TYfJ R I TI T A T 1 was a fool to make her even that hal ! * ^ IIUIUOIAU III 1 UA1
promise not to Well, she knows when! I am by this time, and if she doesn't! write and let me off from what 1 said 1 must leave hero and look for something1 on shore This is neither land nor sea. ’ 1 wonder what granddad thinks and hov ho came t» make snrh a mistake. Don found him! He ought to know that a Habberton couldn't be a thief It was just like him, though, to jnmp at the conclusion that 1 had done something wrong Everyone in the family is hasty —except me. Hello! What's that?"
lie had seen a faint gleam out at sea, and watching as only a sailor can watch lie soon saw another.
"It is certainly a rocket," he exclaim-rd. talking to himself as his habit was when he was excited
lias the Christian church (assigning tavern and piny cards and checkers, or I to this term its widest and most com-to regale one another with well worn prehen si vo meaning) ever como within stones garnished with tobacco and ean measurable distance of realizing tho ex-Where the Day le More of a Holy l>ay j (b) VU\ cr ,0 engage ill horse Hiring. | nltui CIlflKt ideal? Y ON, possibly, m the Than a Holiday and Where Glfte to the | shooting matches and similar sport*
Little Folk Are Not Credited to Santa
• •
k
I é
apostolic ago and for a short time eub-As 1 have already stated, J« ;m Lap- I sequent, bat it would he absurd to liste divides Ins Christmas. By this 1 claim that tho Christian church on of torn cun that two important features of day, great us is their liilluenco for gixxt, tho festival as celebrated by English arc animated by the spirit of tho early people on the 26th day of December are Christians or inspired by that divine reserved by the French for tho 1st day eutlmsiaim which made each one of of January—namely, tho giving of pres- them a center of light and largely traus-cuis and indulgence in especially good | formed society throughout tho known
world within a century after the birth
Clans.
• •
Jean Baptiste Leblanc of lower Canada has this advantage over him cousins in the rest of the Dominion, that his Christmas celebrations arc not confined
to one day, but are divided between that great holiday and New Year'a Then again bo has the further advantage of an early start, fur while tho English folk are still sleeping snugly in their warm beds he is out attending mass at church or cathedral Indeed it may be said with truth that Christmas
£ ST 2BKLVSÎ ISSÎS.S2T “ I STEMS' %% Si "X"
As to tho culinary characteristics of I Christ, to become® distinctive feat ore of
the day, my readers may jicrhaps be interested in a list of dishes» some or all I istic and selfish motives which largely of which may bo found upon every sway modern life and determine French Canadian dinner table on tins | duct! occasion They are: Fain doro (toast WU
uich egg), pa to mix patates (potato I blest possible circumstances, as if to pie), poulet sauce blanche(chicken with | show how low in tho estimation of God white sauce), lour litres (meat pie), graisse de roti (fresh pork grease), cochon au lait (sucking pig), paleron (roast of fresh pork—shoulder) and tarte aux undies (pie made of haws).
J. MaCDONàU) Oxlict.
• »
fare
• i
With regard to the giving of pres- | of Christ < nts, In which tho French take just as •uncli delight as the English, it is in I Nebo—wo see tho promised land, but it tcresting to note that these etmines, ns in still in tho dim distance, and wo are they are called, are by tho little folk apparently getting no nearer to its credited not to Santa Claus, but to le haven of rest—but how soon would the
Wo are now like Moees on Mount
Some vessel ia in distress God help her and all aboard, if they can't keep her offshore, and if ihe is disabled in any way that'll be hard work against this gala If sho'e one of these coasting steamers and her machinery's broken down it's all day with her, for there's no anchorage outside the reef, and there’s not a chance in 6,000 of her driving in behind without striking "
It was a coaster, and she was certainly beyond the control of those on board, for us he looked rocket after rocket went up iu vain appeal, ns it seemed There was no life saving station within lu miles, and Ben's eye was thu only one that saw.	j
Nearer and nearer she came, driven by the awful power of the worst storm Hen had ever seen. Fascinated by the sight, ho sat as if frozen, watching for tho tragedy that seemed inevitable Ho thought of the little boat below, but it was n hopeless thought. Twenty men could not have launched her from the rocks in the breakers that were dashing up. mid uo one man could have rowed lier a rod if she had been afloat. All ho could do was to sit and watch He could see the ship now from time to time ns she rose and fell on tho waves, but every time she sank from sight lie thought must surely be tho last He knew the cruel rocks that lay below the surface
• 1
It
U\Y
o
vvt
:/
1
tutos ouo of the four great church festivals of the year.
The celebration of tho day begins at midnight on Christmas eve, when, summoned by the chimes of tlio bells, all good Catholics who can manage it crowd to tho sacred edifices, which are appropriately adorned for the occasion, and there take part iu an elaborate serv ice lasting nearly two hours. The splen dor of this service, of course, varies ao cording to the equipment and facilities of the establishment, being comparatively simple in the remote country churches, while in the large edifices it becomes a superb religious function.
The midnight mass in Notre Dame church or St James' cathedral, Montreal, celebrated as it is before congregations of many thousand people, is perhaps tho most imposing and a wo inspiring religions ritual to be witnessed upon this continent The musical features of these services always receive I careful attention, with tho result that
A
our civilization instead of tho material-
y*.
(J
con-

/
Tho Saviour was bom under the hum-
m

are all the pomp and magnificence of that wealth and power which men prize ao highly. His Virgin mother was poor, his foster father was a mechanic, and ho himself dignified labor by earning his bread by the sweat of his brow.
Christ was emphatically the Baviour of the poor, and those who boar his name best show the sincerity of their professions by imitating him in hia loving kindness and benevolence Charity is a duty incumbent upon Christians at all times, but even tho most humane will feel prompted to bo kinder and' more sympathetic while celebrating the *ls I advent of one who displayed during his whole lifetime upon oarth a divine compassion and pity for the poor and the suffering.
Not the least of the lessons taught ns by tho birth of Christ is not to despise the humblest or bo hopeless of tho most depraved of that species so honored by Deity that he came and took its form and assumed its uutnro with all its imperfections. However low in the scale of being persons may be, there is a spark of the divine in them still, a trace of that promethean fire breathed into man by the source of all life and all consciousness which constituted him a living soul.
The story of the advent and of its
sacri-
V
?
/
Bo ho said nothing, knowing that ho would hear more presently, and he did, for soon his mother talked on weakly and, if she had only known it, foolishly: "You know your grandfather always suspected you of being wild, and after you went to sea he always said you'd come to some bad end, and 1 had hard work to get him to ask you here for Christmas, but after you came ho liked you ever so much. He would not bavo asked you to sit with him this
m
Z /
/ /
J!

>
The Hoar's H rad.
Aside from its religious observance and signification Christmas has always been a time of feasting and jollification. This temperament bus descended to us from the days of the old Germanic and Scandinavian nations, when tho time was set aside for rejoicing and pleasure prior to the Christian era, but cv«n r late as tho Dteenth century in Eng-tho whole proceeding is made so inter- land and throughout continental Europe esting as to attract largo numbers of the delights of the table were para-Protestants who arc willing to forego mount. With our forefathers a soused the comforts of sleep in order that they boar's head was borne to tbo principal
ta bio in tho hall with great state and solemnity as the first dish on Christmas day In the book of M Christmas» Car dies, " printed by Wynkyn do VYoitle in 11*21, are tho words sung at this r.us picious moment:
Tbo bore a head tn band# bring I With garland#* gay and rosemary.
1 pray yon all wyngu tncrrvjy—
Vni cat is in ccimviu.
i^
"IT’LL UK A MERRY CHRISTMAS, AFTER
ALL!” UK EXCLAIMED.
his own kin. but tho ease was too clear That young rascal, Ben!” he exclaim-
afternoon if ho hadn’t, and even when vd and told the story of the money bo dropped asleep and you left the room Then Alice had occasion, if never be hd wasn't angry. He said of course you fore, to be thankful for her quickness, wanted to be with the young folks. But "1 don’t think Ben looks like a thief, how could you take that money? You sho said, “but, uncle, you say yon saw ought to have asked me if you needed the money in your desk just before be any 1 know you said you had come back ns poor as you went away, but 1 did not think you needed it right away.
1 can return it to your grandfather, of course, but ho is so angry that he says asked the girl, he will bave yon arrested in the morning, and I do believe, Ben, that he would have made you his heir. How could you do it, Ben?
Ben had grown very white, and his fists were clinched tightly when his mother paused, but ho said quietly:
• e
I •
came in. ”
1 certainly did, ” said Mr. Ilabber
11
ton.
L
«
No earthly pilot cold have guided her among those rocks to the lee of the reel on which tho lighthouse stood, but it was not written that she should be wrecked that Christmas day Lying helpless in tho trough of the sea, she drifted part rock after rock till Ben saw with amazement that she was float-
"But are you sure you left it there?
A ,
The old man looked at her in surprise Then one emotion chased another across his rugged features until presently ho sank back iu his chair with an expression of great disgust at himself.
“I’m surely getting old.” be exclaimed “I put It in the safe and Argot that] in behind the reef, and still he I "So you and granddad have discovered | 1 had done so. Don't let anybody tell watched with straining eyea that I am n thief, have you? How did j Ben that 1 suspected him. "	Suddenly ho sprang to his feet with n
you find it ont?”	"But I told him last night,” said his shout like » crazy man, and, rushing
"Why, ho had $500	in bills in bis ;	mother.	down the stairway four steps at a time,	V
writing desk. It seems	lie saw it there j	"Then go quickly and	tell him to	he G^zcd aD ax and a big pannikin in j $
Just before you went to	his room, and !	come here till 1 apologize.	Y on have all	t,ie rooui below and ran out into the
there was ho one else there up to tho !	of you .been too ready to accuse that boy	storm. A thought had come to him of
time ho missed it *'	j all his life. ”	I one chance :u a million, and he was
So ho says 1 stole it, does he?"	This seemed rather hard to Alice,
Don’t Uf-o sock words, Ben. Of i who had certainly never accused Ben course you didn’t mean it for stealing, I of anything, but that wise young -worn* I hogshead, and in another instant he but 1 am afraid ho will have you arrest- an held her tongue while	Mrs.	Habber-	was «cooping out tho	oil it held with
ed—and think of the disgrace! Why ton hurried out of the room.	tho pannikin and scattering it like mad
didn’t you ask mo for money, Ben?” | In a few moments she	returned,	ex-	as *ur a8 be could in	every direction.
It was something like au imprecation j claiming, "He is gone I”	The wind carried it all	toward the vos-
that tho young sailor muttered under •	•	•	• —	•	•	•	| sel, and tho great wonder of the sea was

0
I
• •
a
m

The bore's head 1 understand#
I* tho chefs servyee in that lands.
Ujko wherever It be fando.
Chaucer alludes to this custom in the rhmax~thttt “»»^mg act of self following passage of the “Franklera’e bee—has been the solace of the weary
and heavy laden in all tho intervening centurie* The snug of the angel cher-
k\
Talc:”
Jimoa ilttefh by the Are with doable herd,	I
Ami he drtnketh of his bugle home tho wine istCTS chanted over tho lowly place of H4*f°n*j,uij etanUeth the Lraano °f ihe tusked his birth, conveying heaven's
*---—------- of deliverance for uiau, ha* sounded
throughout the centuries, like an nuder-A description two centuries ago of tone of hope, above the discords of life the festivities of Christmas shows little | and the mutterings of despair, variation from present customs:
‘‘Families take it by turns to enter-
kotrk dank cathedral, Montreal £3 am'puddtg	' *'	^	"°‘
Lighthouse 34 was situated about half | W[°ü8	“û”1081 m “ ,mlC°to ,0r“ 'J19	'TPectatora of tho proceedings, pics peculiar, tho nuts half playthings
a mile from the mainland on tho point °.1. ’e the waves abated, so that tho To what extent this is the case may be and half eatables, tho oninges as cold
of a reef that lav irregularly parallel to ?^lp 'vas !I1,nl0,11ate jr "* nnooth watef- JudRocl from the fact that for the mid- and acid as they ought to Le, furnish tho shore, leaving plenty of clear water	wcut amlu,rs ««quickly night mass in the Jesuits' church of ing us with a superfluity which we can
between The coast was rocky, and tho “ ,ho cnpt“,n «*“ *ivo ÜJ0 order' and M,ontrca1' w^ero ,**» “«*« 18 «Iways afford to laugh at. the cakes iodes,rue	The stupendous mystery of the advent
*.......—..............-sHSpp# 55E55S E=E=EE
=üeE:	eEeüe
greeted him with such thanks and ligious function of the day. In many tletoe. "	**	^
praise as could only bo given by one places there is also an evening service,
who hail just been saved from deetruo- where again the proceedings are very	Christmas <ire« ns.
tion. Then as the passengers crowded elaborate and ornate and the music very *n olden times holly was used only to up to have their say Ben saw, to his beautiful. Since the advent of electrici- deck tho inside of houses at Christmas, amazement, his grandfather, his mother ty and its wonderful adaptation to pur while ivy was need not only ns a vint and Alice.	poses of ornament there has been added uer 8	also among the ever-
"Wo came after you, my boy,” said to this vesper service in Notre Dame R^eens at funerals For formerly "the the old man, "as soon as your letter to church a novel and striking feature in roo,n8 were embowered with holly, ivy, your mother came. You must come the sudden illumination of tho great ryprw bays, laurel and mistletoe.M home again, this time to stay.M	altar .lust when darkness has enshroud There are thousands of quaint old
Ben looked at his mother and then at cd the vast edifice by means of inunmer VCTIM fb*& conld be quoted in praise of Alice In both their faces he saw what able electric bulbs cunningly concealed r*ie rosemary, laurel and mistletoe A he looked for, and then he answered:	in the intricate and florid carvings the love nature, her fruits and flowers.
It'll be a merry Christmas after all, whole altar front la instantaneously il- roses and vines with their mystic granddad," ho exclaimed with a happy | laminated, producing an effect which significance seems to have been a pre
cannot be adequately described in words dominant Irait among those who gath-in the rural districts the midnight «red at the Yulctida
tv<
c*

after that chance.
• •

A single blow smashed in the head of
• l
'TA
Th® Same Old Christmas.
i FI.I!'

Philip James Bailey in "Foetus" writes:
il
-

breaths;
In feelings, not In figures on n dial.
We should count Ume b.T heurt l ii: uhs Ho meet lives
Who thinks mo*t, feels tbo not lust, sets the boat.
i

u vessel that should approach too near was liable to be dashed to pieces on hidden rocks anywhere within a mile or two.
i
l
IT
cm
The lighthouse keeper had a helper, so that usually Uicrv were two men on guard at 84, but leave of absence for one of them was obtainable at times, and it happened a year after Ben Hnbberton hud left his ghindfather's house that the keeper had gone to spend a few days with his family at Christmas time, and Ben, who was tho helper, was alone on the reef


r 1
A
Doubtless all events, however impossible it may be to peroeivo their trend, contribute to
ii

That faroff divine event
Toward wInch tbc whult creation movm
The poets have **ng of that day, philosophers have written of it from the earliest times and optimists think they see its near approach, but it must I confessed that the signs of its coining are not promising, Education and culture, art mid science, while they may prepare the way for if, tiro at best only subsidiary That day will never dawn until human society in grinçatvd by that spirit of love and anno!tishnosi which characterized tho life of Chrikt.
Niul Mactkwud*
0 i
\
I
It
g/-


Long after midnight Christmas morning that impetuous youth sat up iu the lighthouse tower, gazing out at the fa-
Ha breath m he row to Ins feet arJ I ”ons etonn that raged and meditating
by no means pleasantly on the events of
the year.
I shall go melancholy mad if I stay here lo*?.M he thought, for a 'iiung man, and 1 wish Mother
Kk
ME IS CONE.
a
walked up and down the room for a few moment*. But no word more of any kind could his mother get from him until she nad exhausted herself with weeping end pleading Then he led her to
• *
II
It is *0 life
# #
laugh. And it Vas.
David A ClîMTl*

)
###PAGE###3###
»


0> /
doorway, watching a* wistfully. Tt Is % stiff oil mb up to Ghicler point, and by the time wc had arrived at the fumet covered plateau the exercise in the cool crisp ale had started my Wood oourulng rapidly, and l was In flue spirits My friend dim rod to take the trail to thv left, while he swung around to the right, promising to join me within three hours time.
“âboot wi ver you see," wan his final word at parting how, hut remember we re out for meat!"
That wan unfortunate advice, for not more than an hour later, coming suddenly upon a
shortly after looking ahead and seeing #
A PRECARIOUS PUSH.
the whole «tory mil of unx and they be that ohatterlx)ltd they can't help talking, ami she'd blab about It to oVory one In the place Then I d have the oruwu. and the duohy, and the lord of the manor, and the parson, and the Htt commoner# down on me demanding their shares Bo liangtil If I'll risk it I Women In terrible dangerous animals with their tongue*, never to be trusted.
again into the collin that had contained and preserved It for 4,000 years “I know what I'll do," said Jos "I'U build my new tnko wall right over this old grave and then no one can get at the treasure without pulling down the wall ' Little did Jos sus|>ect that he was being watched, and that him every word was overboard by Polly herself, who warn behind the rook hard by, where she had picked up flint chips and flakes Slowly, painfully, Joe Day worked at kJa wall He succeeded In carrying It over the onlm, and thus hs secured his treasure from being disturbed, and thus was U mads fast against the rainy day
In the course of the next three months he had completed the Inclosure and had taken from the common a tract of good land of five and twenty acres in extent Now. then. " said Joe to himself "my way Is to be is still as a mouse duchy won't know nothing about It The lord of the manor lives far away, and his agent Is a sleepy chap If he squalls, then I II claim rights under the duchy or mm s commoner, and If the duchy squeaks I II claim under the lord of the manor '
About this time Mary Aggett's mother died Jos pitied her greatly. the cottage lonely for the girl His heart grew soft when be saw her In black 'llless met" he said , If I llvvtUn that cottage. It would save me half my journey every day But I won t risk It '
Shortly after this a great surprise cams on hhu Ouc morning he found In hie "new take" a (look of sheep all branded •M A " ^
(IroHous bless us I" exclaimed Joe However came the sheep there? Ml run ask Polly She may know She must have seen some one drive mu this wny He went to the outrage and spoke In hniU " Mary come owdarious radicals kavu been turning sheep into my new take during the night They are ail marked M A *
"They are mine, Joe "
•• Yours. UnUy?'
* Yw It was very kind and considerate of you, Jos. to inclose so many acres fer me I thank you with all my heart ' "Inclose for you « It is in y new take!' There is some misunderstanding, " an HwcroU the girl "The new take is certainly mine 1 have been to the lord of the manor and have bought It—ÜA acres at so much gold per acre 1 have the papers all drawn out "
Yours1 Where did you got the moneyP That was a question Mary did not an
TREASURE TROVE.

THE HONEYMOON AND A CHRISTMAS
ADVENTURE.
t

A CHRISTMAS STURT BT # WAMINO-OOtTLD.
f

I
»
mo
The forest of Dartmoor Is surrounded on Avery wide by wide stretches of moorland Ithat belong to the several oontiguou* par ,lahm. and every houst holder In each of 1 these parishes claims right* on the common of hi* parish, ovor which, moreover, the manorial lord «seerts paramount author ty and enforce* It when he can The duuby of Cornwall, however, to which the forest belongs, professes a sort of sovereignty over nil these commons
Now, there lived 111 the pariah of South Tawtsn. In the curious old village of Zeal, where every house Is an archaeological curiosity and every householder Is Independent, a poor young man of the name of Jo *Uih Day commonly known as young
Hohrvdny
Thh nickname waa acquired by him through hie excessive caution
Jos was not a laxy man, yet hi* exaggerated prudence led to much the same result* a* Inertness
He warn working on the common, cutting op granite blocks, wherewith to coil
struct a "new	_____
engaged «los«mie on a pile of small stone# He cleared away these a* too small to srrwhi* purpose and discovered beneath them a granite slab This he levered aside, without much difficulty, and to his
ISI
'V 1
mV
A New Method of Hunting the Griwlf. Wintering In the Yoeemlte Valley—Th# Neglected Cbrletame Dinner—A Nerretire of Feet.
• *
l

Then In went nil tho treasure
• •
It won't lw much any*
‘

i
à I
nr f. A. obkh.
All our friends said wo wore foolish, and really 1 suppose we were—foolish In tho first place to fall in love; foolish to get married. and, lastly, foolish to àpond our honeymoon In tho Yoneiulto.
Yes, they declared that to lie tho crowning act of all our foolish doods, and they washed their hands and cleared their skirts of us entirely But, bless them, Wif didn't care Alicia and 1 had fallen in love with each other Just because we couldn't help IL and we didn't want to either—that Is, wo didn't want to "help It " And we cared not a straw what our friends thought or did so long as they let us entirely alone
And at tho end of the week, when the others started for the return trip, we proved the Integrity of our intentions by remain-tug behind It was then late in September. and soon, the guardian of tho valley told us. the first enow flakes would fly and not long after the Yosomlte would b@ cloned entirely to the outside world
Yes Indordy. " ho said, "there won't be noliody in here except now and then a logging team and whoever # left over So I'd advise you two to get out mighty soon. "
"But we don't want to get out.’ 1 exclaimed. and my wife nodded her head affirmatively winter, all alone. "
••Yus. and don't you know of some nice little cabin we can hirer* asknd Alicia •Any kind of a hut will do. so long as it can be made warm and comfortable Wc want to stay all by ourselves ¦¦¦¦
Shot You don ’t say I Yes. I do know of one It's that log cabin over tbo river But it'll be awful lonesome, let me toll you There won't be nobody but me within a mile and p’rhaps half a dozen fain lies scattered over the whole seven uille stretch of the valley '
"What1 Do you mean that darling little log hut among the apple trees, with tho tiny flower garden In front and the river
by ? |||||||||jli||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l|||||||||||||l|||||||||||
That s tho one. Tho man who built It has gone east; staid hero one winter, and it was too lonely for him If you reely want U, I can put you In possession at once
"If we want It I" 1 exclaimed, ready to hug the old man on the spot And I was almost afraid Alicia would hug him then and there, but she didn't, only her eyes shone, and she clapped her hands for
? %.
strange track In the forest and
it


y
X
A
y
V
r/#
s


y»
sa
r-
a*
m3
*
/j
It
# >
m?
V* *•£

rl
1
• e
lake" wall While lbus
The

v:
ft

»
*
m
rfU
m
/i
V,
• #
A.
fl<v.
%

4'
• /
» 4

;
-°4^r
y
%
We want to stay here all
M

ra
J11

%
/ "

f '/X
A
i
*
• *

z
z

V-
#

f •
%
#•


A
• #
5?Â
• t • •
\
%
• *
f

- i —

X

x
/
r
THK GRIZZLY ON TAtiLK ItOTK.
Z
queer but Immenw* gray creature shambling through the snow and iwmg at a lone what to mil it, 1 thought a well directed bn I lot might disclose Its Identity and so threw up my rifle and let drive
My friend* would have felt perfectly Justified In calling mo a fool could they have seen me make that foolish shot and have seen tho big gray monster turn around and disclose to in y astonished gaze the unmistakable head and hideous fangs of a grizzly hear' I had never seen one before, except in a cage, but there was no Why, wc don't want anything else In doubt whatever about this one And he this wide, wide world I" sho exclaimed lef| me nol |ong In doubt ns to his ir.tcn-‘It will be perfect, just too heavenly for tlong either when he wheeled about with! anything I"	.	a snarl and a growl and took the trail la
"Well, guess you'll want a little some- my direction	'
thing else." rejoined the dear old man, The blood was oozing from a wound In "sumo pervlsions, for instance, fuel, and hl(} fla„k, but that was nothing more than the like. "	tt Q,.# b|to to his IxNinthip. though gwxl
At this sudden descent to sublunary and cxcuse enough for revenge 1 looked alx>u6 substantial things our countenances fell me and saw to iny horrnF that I was bo-We hadn’t thought but that we could twet$n him and the edge of the cliff, which' live on air perhaps or on ambrosial nectar at thjS point descends sheer H.0(H) feet.: We looked at each other doubtfully	Projecting over tho edge of the precipice.
The old man noted our disappointment xvafi an immense rock like the bowsprit of. and hastened to add: "Well, now, don't a 8hlp and some 15 or liu feet In length.. feel bad about It. I'll arrange for all that jt niay look like an Insane move that I. Fact is, the cabin’s supplied with pooty made track# for this perilous position, 3.000 much everything except fresh meat—flour.	above the volley floor, but there
meal, bedding, blankets, cooking things— secmcd nothing else to do unless 1 went and If you haven't got tho money with §twlj?ht toward the bear I r:r::r.:ber you we'll trust you till spring opens for all that I felt then that ray time had como you want"	and wondered confnwdly what Alicia
"Oh, wo re got money enough, " I re- wouid gay and do when, perhaps df.;, marked "I’ll pay you any price you ask weuk8 i*ter, sho should view my mangled and feel forever indebted to you into tho remains at the foot of the great cliff. How-bargain. " And I wrung the old man's eVer, i ran for all I was worth, and. as I hand so warmly that he turned aside with rftfl on> mechanically ejected tho empty a suspicious moisture In his eyes and re Khell from my rifle and slipped in another marked under his breath and with a sigh:	cartridge. It was a six shooter, and 1 re-
" Dear me I I was young inysclf once. It's so|v~l |f only for AMch'fl sake Dot to dim
nice to 1)6 young. "	until I had given grizzly tho full benefit
The hotel closed tho very next day, but 0f CVCTy 8hot. Hu was shuffling along none too soon for us, as we were wild to cium«ily, but relentlessly, and was clow get installed in our	new quarters	Thu	,lpon mc M \ Flipped over the hank.	If I
old guardian showed	us where the	provi-	^ carried out my hastily conceived	pian
slons were stored. Instructed us how to 0f going out on the protruding rock, l make a fire in the great fireplace and how ghouid not have lived to toll this story, but to cook over tho open hearth with tho just us 1 reached its base I slid down into primitive utensils of our ancestors. There ft crevice behind and a little to one side of were two rooms in tho hut, each about H it
feet square, ono being for a bedroom and That unintentional move saved my life, the other for kitchen, dining room and for sowing mo go over, my pursuer rushed parlor. The great oak logs were well flprwiy after and could not restrain his chinked with clay, the stout floor timbers impetus until well out on tho rock neatly covered with pi no boards, and a lit- wus extremely slippery, incased ns It was tie square window in	each room looked	in ice, with a sheet of snow atop, and he
out over the broad and winding	river.	iiaii jiaRi WOrk to keep his footing,	and
Tho frost had not yet touched tho flowers R8 gtood there, growling terribly nnd in tho garden, and soon tho best of them shifting hi* position uneasily, yet looking were potted and indoors, where, with the down and all around for mc. u genii of ferns and the few pictures we had brought hope came into my mind 1 saw that It with us, they boro witness how a woman's would not take much to priai him crash-dainty touch can evoke from bare walls a ing down upon the rocks at the foot of the suggestion of home	cliff, and I trembled lest ho should get off
Finally winter closed lu earnest. All the rock before 1 had given him a little the trails were filled with enow, the wa j0tt I could ecu him quite clearly, as ho turfalls converted into sheets of crystal | wasn’t more than 20 feet away, and that and mounds of silver, tho gaunt cliffs sud j instant also he saw tuo, wedged into the
crevlco hack of him.
Ho tried to scramble nlv,ut und reverse bis position, but ns he turned I drew a bead just behind his shoulder and sped a bullet there. H Is situation was precarious enough at the first, but now in his frantic struggles to turn about—and perhaps made giddy by tho two wound»—hu swayed considerably. Into tho ice sheet nnd the snow he sent his crooked claws, making desperate efforts to regain his balance, but another ball crashed Into his ear and that settled him Over ho wont, clawing and fighting the empty air, whirling down, down, through space, until he was (lathed with a terrible shock upon the rocks 3,000 feel
"CHRISTMAN COMEN BUT ONCE A YEAR/
/ HE FEKRKO CAVTlOCaLT ABOUT EIM. Surprise (Hwvuvmd • stone etui or coffin constructed of rude blocks He crept lu Mud wan still further surprised when he found within u pot containing charred bones and ashes, and near It a cup of yvl low mutiU and some rings nnd hoops, some weighing ft. others I Hand I ft ounces apiece He hastily scrambled forth, and ns the •Ntlng hum gleamed out he examined his fliul by Its light He rubbed the cup and the lings on his sleeve and By ginger!' said he "I'm darned If It ain't all solid gold Come. I'm In luck's way This shall stand over against a rainy day "
Much was his first thought; tho second was this "If It be known that 1 have fourni n treasure, then I shall have the duchy putting Its fist down on it. the lord of the manor demanding It the oniwn exacting It. tho parson holding out bis hand for a tenth and every householder In the parish, as this Is common land, damming for bis share, and there be 143 have rights There'll be naught left for roe but the disappointment of having found and lost treasure. "
•Itwlah stood turning over the gold cup and rings Then ho peered cautiously about him to make sure that he was unob
• •
• • f
caslon of the festivities of his eldest win. Thor distributed universal gifts, the father of each family being hie special agent In the matter As Odin, or Woden, became In later myths the mighty huntsman who ranged the forests, wo see how the Christmas tree and evergreens found their places Why however, the functions of Odin should have specially been finally transfer red to St Nicholas out of all the Christian canon roll, unless from tho fact that this lino old saint was the special patron of children and schoolboys, it Is not easy to divine These things go to show what a curiously tangled composite our Christinas is and how lustily It has grown out of di verse elements till It has become the most significant and hallowed of holiday sea sons, marking really an epoch of the year
Among the causes which have enshrined this day so deeply in the heart of the world the fact that It Is peculiarly children's day is probably the most fetching In its magic The young people everywhere among Christian peoples constitute tho factor which dominates tho social observance of the season Rich wassail at the dinner board, seraphic music and pomp of church service, oven the giving of rich gifts among tho elders, were these all, would leave Christmas but little different from other holidays, notably so In tho case of Faster, when present giving among the rich has become so common Tho Bambino, or Infant Christ, as tho idol of tho occasion, would then have but little significance, but when tho juvenile world declares that It rules the Jubilee the keynote Is struck which sends its thrilling music ringing throughout humanity How Charles Dickens. tho prose poet of Yulctide in fiction, has spun this pregnant fact into exquisite episodes Is probably the highest measure of his success In Imaginative work. Tho images he has created will live forever in the Christmas procession far more than puppets to the warm hearts of countless readers And It Is not among the children of tho rich that Christmas most diffuses Its felicity In real life any more than among tho offspring of the great Christmas romancer
It Is among the poor and the lower middle classe* that Christinas Joy reigns with most potency The trifle spent to secure a Christmas tree with Its burden of cheap toys and sweets In the tenement house represents vastly more than tho correspond ing splendid show among tho affluent The story of the little cripple, "Tiny Tim, " sets Its canticle to more resounding strains of harp and cymbal than can ever attend tho festival music of a palace The true "Chrlssom child" was found In
THE CHRISTMAS MORN.
• A
• •
IV JOKI BEN TOR.
Shining In the (Thnstnias sky.
Homel une* meets I be humas eye,
While the church bells, sweet and slow, Peal their Joy out down below.
On the far horizon'a hem A hint of faroff Bethlehem.
Tu one softly luminous star.
Like that the magi eaw afar.
Bright holly nnd the mistletoe Join n* in the fireside glow.
And presents by the chimney side Make lovely all the thnstmawtide Today the harrying world mast panes The children look for Hants Claus, While in tho air the silver chimes Recall the old Judean times
&*
w
ewor
After much consideration Jos said fal-tcrlngly: "This I» a pretty go I Howjun 1 to 1*> paid for the walling?"
I’m sure 1 can t think. Jos '
“ But it him engaged me off and on for 18 months Fifty pound* wouldn't repay my labor I can t afford"—
“I really am sorry for you.'
“By ginger I'* exclaimed Joa “There Is only one way out of It that I can see, and that is by changing the brandon the sheep from A to I) and by lumping together my wall and your land "	*
Well. I'm not particular, " answered Mary, and so the matter was settled They were married, and Jo* found that he had secured not only a very capital hit of land, but with It a thrifty, witty and wise wife
At tho close of the first twelvemonth there were three in the house In the place of two At the end of the second year tho number had mounted to five, for the sec-end addition to the family consisted in twins
But the conscience of Jos was uneasy Something stood Iwtwren hliu and Polly.
Ho had a secret from her, and that is over a barrier to connubial unity Christinas was approaching. Jos resolved to make a clean breast of It and tell Mary everything.
Christmas arrived, and Jos put off his Sunday coat and flowered "Wcsklt," took bla lever and went forth "Polly," saidj ho, "come along I>e a surprise for you " i Ho deliberately threw down a portion of The Social and Secular Significance of
his now take wall, discovered the lid of	*b# Day.
tho stone chest, levered it aside and then The establishment of tho Christmas fee jumped into the box Next moment he tlval, now tho most joyous of tho yearly out of it blank with despair, from- holidays throughout the civilized world, bling with disappointment Ills treasure ! Is the most recent In date of the great waa gone.	church days Its social and secular Big-
By the side of the calm and overthrown! nificance. of course, followed Its religious wall stood his wife watching him with n adoption Yet. curiously enough, it de smile on her cherry lips nnd a twinkle In rived its rites of merry making not from, her bright eyes A toddling child clung Christianity so much as from the customs
of the heathen world The rulers of the •early church, from Constantine down, were shrewd politicians They knew how Important It was to include ns many as possible of tho old pagan usages and be llcfs to which the people of the Roman empire had been attached in tho obscrv nnces of the new faith
• •
i *
The ringing bell* and tokens say That in a stable, dim and gray.
The Light of All the World was born His bed a manger rough, forlorn.
Where meek eyed oxen, with their hay. Stood in a trance almost of grace Before the sweet Madonna face.
And. half in awe and half in prayer. Seemed to suspect some god waa there
This world will never Though centuries come and centurie» go. The story of those ancient times.
The meaning of three Christmas chimes Which come with their perennial grace With blessing for the human race.
Bo what to os are ice and enow And all the wintry blast* that blow If on the sky’a horizon hem We see the star of Bethlehem ?
• •
served
Then the young man replaced the covering block, then hvifpod the small stone# and earth over It and disguised the fact that the place had been disturbed
He returned homo very satisfied with himself and with his prospects Now he could look forward without blinking to the Inevitable rainy day At present he had health, strength and youth, and with these ho could earn his livelihood. “But, us Joe put it, “I can’t reckon on these lasting 1 knows several young chaps as has had colds settled on their chesteeses and have died of a decline And Tom Kndt cotk he dislocated his hip and now can't hobble up on to tho moor after grant to no more, and as to old ege and decrepitude— there's no denying It, every day and hour and minute brings me nlgher to it.’
Accordingly Jog went on breaking up stone and inclosing, and Instinctively he extended his "new take" wall In tbodiroc tloo of tho cairn and stone chest that con tained his treasure	•
It must not bo supposed that Jos was not tempted to realize, but fear of discovery and the consequent confiscation of the gold, above all, his prevailing dominant passion of caution against a future uupro vided for, prevented his doing so.
On the verge of the moor lived a girl named Mary Aggott with her bedridden mother Sho made a livelihood out of some poultry she kept, out of flint arrowheads, which by searching she found on the moor and which she disposed of to an archaeologist Sho also did some needle work
Joe passed the cottage twice daily on his way out and on hi* way home, and very frequently ho saw Mary at her door, and they never met without exchange of salu talions On one occasion when overtaken by a hailstorm he had been Invited Into the cottage and had been given a cup of tea that warmed his heart as If it had been peppermint and got Into his head as If It had boon whisky
On leaving tho cottage he said to himself: “1 might go farther and fare worse The old mother Is woll cared for, tho house nout. the maid Is pretty and bright and pleasant But”—lie shook Ills head—“It don't do to marry early; that means a family coming fast nnd nothing drag* a man's head under water like a lot of ha hies clawing hold of it If Polly Aggott had money, that would be another matter altogether Then It might be worth con sidération "
One day wheu they met on tin» moor the northeast blast was so cutting that they retired together under shelter of a rock to «it tholr lunch Considering how cold the weather was Jos put his arm round Polly and. having an u verront, ho threw one arm of It over lier shoulder.
The ensuing night was one of sore temp talion to Jo# Hu toxsed on Ills bod lie could not sloop Ho sallied very early from his house and went lo tho moor, ro solved to raise bla treasure, dlspowo of It dare fortune and marry
As he passed tho cottage of Mary Agg-'t’ be did not see her He was glad of this, lost dho should have asked him why ho wont to his work two hours earlier than
usual	, .
Ho proceeded to tho calm, removed the
slonua, heaved tho covering slab aside, got Into tho chest and brought out the gold rings and cup He furbished them up and they sparkled in the morning sun
Wlfun all were ranged before him, hr shoe* his head. ” It would be mad no** u risk It," said he “If I married Polly bo them corkscrews, *hv'4 have
oz.
» a
to know.
9 •
A CHRISTMAS HOMILY.
rose


It
to her skirts and sho held one of the twins In each arm.
“Poll!" he gasped “By gum, I'm a ruined man! I’ve lost everything I've been robbed. "
Then she laughed, and when she laughed the child holding her skirts laughed also, and tho babes in her arm* chuckled and crowed.
“No, Jos Ralnyday,M she said, 1 'you have lost nothing, you have gained much

the humble manger
Tho feeling that Christinas day Is peculiarly consecrated to the poor as well as to the children has always been quite char acterlstlc of the usages of the day The lowest classes In medians! times were made to share fully with their superiors In feasting and merrymaking At tho present period we see an ever increasing bene faction tn the way of helping the poo enjoy Christmas more generously—tho turkey or goose for the homo table, toys and clothing lor the youngsters, and publie
Just why Deo 25 was selected as the natal day of thA Saviour of the world nobody has over boon able to tell Certainly there Is no historic reason nor the slightest authentic clew, and It Is well known that December Is the rainy season In Judmk when neither shepherds nor flocks braie tho open sky It Is more than probable that the celebration of Christ's birth, which up to tho fifth century had not boon observed at all, got them to be recognized as not less worthy of holiday consecration than Faster and Whitsunday It waa a happy thought to make this as hcarly dinners, often .supplemented by substan identical as might lx* with the old Roman liai present» for the homeless waifs saturnalia, which still survived in some of this special occasion such philanthropy Its forms, and with the annual feast of shows Its most sweeping and lil>eral form. Thor observed among all the Teutonic and the human heart is softened to the races, even thorn? which had accepted the thought that In spite of earthly dlstlno-white Christ It was the more ap|*osit# lions all men are equal before him whose too. as tho Roman festival and tho Ten natal day as man is thus observed. The tonic nliko had symbolic reference to the democratic Influence of Christmas thu> great natural fact that the sun at or about bland* out a great social factor that date rises out of the decadence of his XV hen classes are driven by so many nth-power to augmenting and splendor er Influence# to become hostile. It Isa prog This was easily applicable to the first ap nnnt thought that more and more should pcaraucc of tho Son of God and tho Sun of be done to Intensify the spirit and tendon tho World among men.	clceof the Christmas season as an object
So wo see Imported Into the observance lesson In kindly sympathy between rich of tho Christian holiday from the first on and |>oor What wealth does for poverty its social side tho time honored heathen 1# sometime# turned from blowing to bane usages and ceremonies Tho universal by a haughty and patronizing air hi tin present giving of the saturnalia, especially giver The Christmas spirit is that of the to children, and the democratlo equality fortunate man. who cordially helps ht» which abolished distinction of rank at unlucky brother, the spirit of tho good that period were at once followed by the Samaritan The habitual excrrlsu of this Christian merrymakers From tho old feeling on one day when all tradition ami Norse u<agm tho dav borrowed the etta- religious sentiment turn toward It helps toms nf the huge bonfires, the Yule log of t<> ««end It to other days, and that Is the
hoiv ash or oak to lx? burned Indoors, the true function of Christ s natal festivity
¦	¦ ¦ ¦	¦ m	UKoixiK T Fkiiiiis.
1
v

I

r to
zi


z




i m
$
On
H&
G ;
I

i
giwi

• :
&

j

I
• \
l
WINTER CABIN IN THE YOSEMITR.
great trees hung with fleecy draperies below
Then we staid within doors almost entire	M I I
ly, except that 1 sallied out every day to share his fate, but after a prayer of thank cut wood for the insatiate fireplace until a fulness at my escape I slowly crawled to pile was heaped against tho cabin almost tho brow of the precipice. Tho old man ns big ns the hut Itself The time passed met me soon after and had to support me quickly enough, and Christmas day at last over a portion of the downward trail, I overtook us, finding us busy and happy I wag so unnerved, but with a larder sorely depleted
Alicia and 1 were out In the snow gnth ering holly and mistletoe for tho décorai
ing of tho cabin when our friend, tho old I him, a very much used up bear. Hi* skill, guardian, came along, n rifle in the hollow however, was not so badly torn but II of his arm and a cur dog at hts horls later served as a rug for our cabin floor, 4Bet a dollar you folks haven't a pound of though it was long before Alicia could look fresh meat In tho house," was his first re | upon It with composure mark after greetings were over, "and I’ve
railed to see If Mr. Alfred won't go with | was tender and toothsome—probably front me on a little hunt"
4 Yes, dear, do go, " said my brave little I could not bring ourselves to taste it In wife, but her eyes were tear gathering, I fact, though our hearts sang with joy and noticed, as she took down the rifle from we wore thankful for our l>le*ilwg*, with above the fireplace and placed It In my the tme Christmas spirit, yet we could not hands “I'm not afraid to stay alone dur- do justice to that Christmas dinner Kvcd mg the daytime, and then, you know, I've iho pudding, w hich the old man declared that pudding to make, which w ill keep a conspicuous success, was neglected, foi me busy while you’re gone."	my little wife did nothing but shudder,
So I kissed hfr and left her, and yet and, throwing her arms around mjr neck, iuy heart misgave me as 1 turned wround whisper, with her lips close to ? »y ear, tn hour later while climbing the trail up * Dearest. 1 shall never U-t yow out rf mj the cliffs and maw her still standing In the I tight againl”

I dural not look over for fear l might




\
XX
After a detour of several miles we Anally reached the base of the cliff over which grizzly had fallen, and there we found
"yours! wnr.iuc uru rouarr the money?"
1 found your t reason* and I disposed of It to (he antiquarian gentleman who buys the arrowhead* With the money 1 bought the land, the sheep, tho cows—and you."
Then .1 os scrambled out of the grave and fell a laughing and he laughed till the tears ran ijlowii his checks.
“By ginger I" said ho. "Woman's wit outw eigh* man's wisdom My truo treasure trove Is hero"—he clap|*ed his wife on the shoulder— '4and It's one neither crown, nor duchy, nor lord of t) e manor, nor parson, nor tho HU commoners have one particle of right over no more nor a pin’s head, but Is all—all and undivided my own And by gum 1"—he kissed Mary, then the child In each arm, then the child it her kneo—“this treasure of mine Is one tearing annual Interest "
“And, Jo#—an Interest that will grow imi make loving provision for you as for mo, when oomes thy rainy day.”
Tho twnr meut, tho old guard law said,
tho pounding It got—but Alicia and 1
Min holism of tho holly and mistletoe bough*, alike sacred to tho deities, the great boar's head served as the piece de re ftatanre of the Christmas feast and the general larchnnalinnlsm of tho occasion Tho latter, however, was also typl.nl the old Roman festival Nicholas) came by and by Into the rtrh »ymix)lihm of tho Christmas show ae the r of Odin, the all father and »U giver The bcandinav uui god oa 4hc uu
The Date of Christmas.
Christmas gets Its name from the mama celebrated in the <airly days of the Chris tian church in honor of the birth of Christ, Its tint! solemnization being ordered bv Pope Teleephorito This must rnx« own some time prior to the year 188, for in that year Pope Teluaphorua died. — Phihidcl-
of
Santa China (St
1 DOCOMO
won m




- hi

###PAGE###4###
s
THE MARKETS.
XMAS GOODS. !
SMART & SMITH
THE EQUITY.
IASSBY-HARRIS
t J
shawvill:
SH AW VILLE.
Wheat (standard) 70 to 72c. Flour per barrel, $3.73 to $4.00. Oats per bushel, 00 to 30c.
Pease per bushel, 00 to 70n. Buckwheat. 45c. per bush.
Bye, per bush. 42 cents.
Kggs, per down, 10c,
Butter, per pound, 00 to 16c,
Wool, per pound, 13 to 15c.
Pelts, each, 35 to 45c,
Hides, 65.50 to $0.00.
Chickens and Geese per lb. 0 to 7c Ducks per lb. 7c.
Turkeys per lb. 9 to 10c.
Dressed Hogs per 100 lbs. $0.50. lard per lb. 10c.
Tallow per lb. 5c.
WARE-ROOMS
J
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 18. 1902.
6'/t\e)

Mr. Suthe land, local member for S.»uth Oxford, and Mr. Caracallea, mem* bar for Lennox, both conservatives have passed through the oideal of election tiill* without spot or b’emiah, notwithstanding the vigorous attemp'a that were made to unseat them, list her a striking c intrait this, to the rank disci aurea that have been made in collection with the e’cction of Mr. Brunet in St. James division, Montreal.
Everybody buys presents—small or big— at this happy season.
We can only say here that we can suit your purse, no matter whether you are prosperous or the reverse.
You will naturally feel elated and prosperous when you realize how much you can get here for a dollar.
All kinds of Xmas Goods now in stock. Come and see them
Winter Necessaries
Cutters,
Robes,
Blankets,
Bells, Brushes, Whips, etc. *
Playing With the People
Free Trade Liberals, Messrs. Law and Christie, have been elected in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, and Argenteuil, Quebec, re »ueotively. In the former constituency, lion. W. S. Fielding promise J that the future efforts of the party would be devoted to the lowering of the present ter tif. In the latter county a similar pledge was given by Ht n. Sidney Fisher, Chas. Fitzpatrick, Hon. Wm. Pat ter# on and Hon. M. Bernier. On the other hand, Hon. Raymond Prefontatne has gi word to the manufacturers of M that the tarrif will be amended so as to afford them every protection, and in do mg so has simply f oîlowed the course which led to Mr. Tar*c'a retirement.
Can a more barefaced insult to public honesty ba imagined t What is Canada thinking of ? Has the day goue by when cabinet ministers are expected to lend at least a semblance of truth to their profession of political faith Î When we find government leaders glory )ng in ability to deceive thier masters, the people, and play off one section against the other, one cannot but feel that something is wrong. When are we to have a definite announcement of the governments real policy ?
OTTAWA
Butter, print, 25c. per Ik
“ pails. 20 to 22c. per Ib.
Eggs, fresh, 25c. per do*.
Potatoes, (15c. per bag.
Lamb, 7 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 5 toflc. per Ib.
Beef, 4 to 6c. per lb;
Pork. $5.50 to $7.75 per 100. Ducks (dressed) 75c. to $1.00. Chickens per lb. 8 to 10cta. Geese, per lb. 6 to 7cts. Turkeys, per lb. 10 to lists. Oats, 30 to 32c. per bushel. Hay, $5.00 to $10.00 per ton. Wool 15 to 10c. per lb.
M ACFARL A N E BROS.
iven hie ontreil
O
SMART & SMITH.
P.8. We are now prepared to furnish teamsters with loads for delivery to John McLaren’s, Coulonge Depot, at
$1.20 per cwt.
P. S.-Light and Heavy Harness.
Hogs for Service :
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
UIGH GLASS AP MEDIUM
Berkshire
rjLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS
Pure bred young Berkshire Hog. “Cock of the North.” Service charges reasonable. Apply to
HUGH G. YOUNG, Bristol
^FURNITURE.
Who Did It &
About eight years ago the civilised world emerged from a period of business depression, liquidation, contraction, debt paying. People in general had been economizing for a long time. Labour had been diverted from occupations to which it had become superfluous, and into occupations where it was needed and self supporting. Af er the period of comparative inaction business men in general were in a position to launch out anew. Trade was on rock bottom. Credit, could be safely given. Stocks were low. Dumand was ineteasing. Much new ground had been brought into cultivation. More railroads, more shipping were tequired. Business inevitably boomed. The bo jm was enhanced by a succession of good crops and by the extensive new employments created by inventions, particularly by the electrical. Such has appeared to phi oiopnere the explanation of that world-prosperty in which Canada has shared.
But now we know better. Mr. Fielding g'ves the true explanation. He did it, or he and his colleagues. <)a*ensibly they eat in their offices, or spoke in Parliament,
< r tourtd the Dominion, the States, and Kxrops, but their spirits or astral bodies were ab.% ad on the face of the earth and the waters, inciting men everywhere to p tugh, sow. nap, build thipt and »h I them, raise new factories, lay new railways, and engage actively in commerce with one aiuther. They put their spiritual shoulders to the job of giving the world a business heave: because Cmada could not boom if the woild did not b >om, too. Oue ahovo from Fielding, and, Presto! Things changed. A deputation from all civil zsd governments should bo row due at Ottawa, bearing to our tremendous Finance Minister the thanks of the entire business wu;ld, and imploring him to keep his omniscient eye and omnipotent hand stead ly on the lever of progrès*.— Montreal Star.
Yorkshire.
Purebred Improved Yorkshire Hog Service Fee-,LOO. A^to^
Maple Ridge
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No, sir !
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stocK of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
O. <
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Berkshire.
Thoroughbred English Berkshire Hog for service. Fee, $1.00.
GEORG! between Shaw ville and Bryson
HORNER
Yorkshire.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Canadian pure bred Yorkshire hog for service. Fee. $1.00.
ROBT. JOHN WILSON,
4th Concession. Clarendon
JAMES WILSON.
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.

Berkshire.
Pure bred large English Berkshire Hog for service. Bred from the best imported
stock in England. 1 e,‘;f Vv* RF VN I Railway Company (an amalgamation of
WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊi liir Road the two Companies forraerty known m the
_____ I Routine Pacific Junction Railway Com
I pany and the Ottawa Northern amt \\ es-Qtrov Hull	tern Railway Company! will apply to the
Oliciy DUll«	j Parliament of Canada at it- approaching
the time now prescribed by law for the commencement and coui|*hition of the railway, extensions and branche» author-Imwltohe constructed by the Acts <LMU Victoria. Chapter 81, and 6804 Victoria. Chapter 78.	H. !«. MAl/fBY,
Secretary
PATENTS
Notice.
The Ottawa Northern & Western
HE SHAWVILLE
T
J. HMcKIBBON&CO.
PROMPTLY SECURED
) Write for our interesting books •• Inventions NelpM and •• Mow you are swindled." /Send us a rough sketch or model of your indention or improvement and we Trill tell you 5 free our opinion as to whether it is probably /patentable. Rejected applications have ofteu /been successfully prosecuted *y us. We [conduct fully equipped cilices in Montreal and Washington; this qualifie* us to promptly di«patch work and quickly secure Patents, os broid es the invention. Highest references, furnished.
Pateubi procured through Marion & Mn , riou receive special notice without charge in ( over loo newspapers distributed throughout ^ the Dominion.	'»	<
Specialty
tarera and- Engineers.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts and Solicitors.
)	. J New York Life R'ld'g, Hontreal
(Offices. j Atlantic Bldg,Washington D.C.
SASH and DOOR
THE UP-TO-DATE CASH STORE . .
Strayed on to the premises of the under signed'al>out$he 28th of November, a dark red Bull, rising 2 years old. The owner Is requested to pay expense incurred and remove the animal at once.
FACTORY
WESLEY YOUNG, Lot 9, Range 10. Bristol
(Formerly McCrodie & Ijodgins)
Special Discount Sale
Wc have organized a special sale of everything iu our Store, including all the seasonal* and up-to-daU? lines of DRYGOODS, CLOTH ING, MENS’ FURNISHING, IIAT&and CAPS, MITTS, GLOVES and MOWASINS. W« also keep a full line of FRESH GROCERIES. You must not miss this sale. Come in and see us an way, whether you buy or not.
Stra" Bull.
Is again built up
—Patent business ol Mauufac
Public Notice.
Strayed on to my premise» about last week of November a dark red bull, year arid a half old, a little white on belly and one ear split. The owner id requested to come and pay expenses and remove the animal at once.
JOHN BENNETT.
Lot 23, Range 5 Litchfield
and
ready for business.
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon| HHHH Public Notice is hereby given that a public meeting of the Proprietors of Real Estate and Resident Householders of t he
Municipality of Clarendon, will be held in the Clarendon town hall, in the village of Shaw ville on Monday the Twelfth day of the month of January, at the hour of ten in the morning, t-o proceed with the election of two Councillors in the room and stead of John Stewart and Will. A Hod-gins, Esquires, whose tenus of office ex*
1 Given at Shuwville this 9th day of the month of December, nineteen hundred and
H. MATIIESON,


School Taxes.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
I am instructed to inform the ratejmy-er» of this School Municipality that all parties owing school taxes ou and after the first day of January, 1903, will be charged with interest at the rate of five per cent, until paid. School Code authorizes six per cent.	H LANG._____
Mantel
The Woes of Free Trade
Free Trade England cm no lunger furnish emp’oyniuit fur her woikmen
Tito revelation of political corruption in fnc*	labor has been fore d to the
the election iu St. James division, Mont- humiliating necets ty of asking a ma rtal, mus‘ prove shocking to every Cana- of chari ta Lin stilus. I ao outluuk dian irrespective of political aftiihliun. .or the winter is glu ury 1 no factories The procetd r gist pill 87 as told in the whore bread-winners once earned a com-witnenbox by the «everal officia!. m fott.Vlo l.vmg have been forced b, outs.ie charge of the poll reveal a condition of competitors to clore their doers. In the | =
political morals that is deplorable The °°ot and ahoe trade United Mates factor- Wa l6r g 0 t| M.P„ and Hon. O. H V. actual evidence ai to the frauds committed ies have captured the busiuees. 11,10 | Bu yea, were oniuug the speakers. Uvp’y • there is varied by side-lights on the thouaind idle boot makers, in Leices er U » t0 ftll address presented by the R gu-a proceedings throughout the division which alone, beer witness to the a/g.-esstve p i- *pown Cîjuncil, Premier Hauliai said that point t) an erg 111 zed conspiracy of the tcy of Protectionist United States agains , provincial autonomy was more absolutely most brazen description to control the Free Trade England. Toe Lib.'ial parly imperative todsy than everbifore, doclar-representation of the constituency at a 1 seek to impose such conditions on the pen- |Dg that the transpoi talion problem was hazards. At that particular polling place p!e of Cansdt. Hon. W, 8. Fielding's not to be solved so much by competing the Conservative scrutineer appears to latest announcement is, that the govern- |jnee ae by a nitre effective control of the have been purchased by the Liberals and ment still adheres to the Free Trade pro- railway# by the central Government, and the poll was used principally to kill off fessions. Thst means the incressed im- advocated a railway to Hudson Bay,which voter for Mr Bergeron end to load up the portation of foreign goods and the closing believed, wou’d do more to solve the ballot box with fraudu’ent votes for down of Canadian factonee. England's transportation policy than any number of Brunet, the net result of the day’s work experience is taid t? contemplate, but | transcontinental line*, being the polling of 90 votes for the Engl shmen are being driven into the Pro	___ _
jïïdfc a	l a fc, ^ « *»,
Saturday wont to show that two of the take warning fromthealmcking conditions principal witnesses, after being paid consi- prevailing on the other side of the Allan dersble sums of money, were got out tic. We are to*> enlightened a people to of the coun*ry but have since been induced need alms, but Free T rid » end charity go to return and make a clean breast of the hand in hand in those days of keen com. affair.	petition. “ Osnsda for Canadians " r
the policy which will protect our own people from the sorry plight of the bootmakers of Leicester.
Montreal Election Frauda
r" j
U 1902. I
Soc.-Treas
School
J. H. McKIBBON & GO.
of Slmxvvi December 8th
A full stock, of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
two
Soc.Treaa. ?
(SUCCESSOR TO SILAS YOUNG)
Starke’s Corners.
THE UP-TO-DATE CASH STORE.
41 Nov/, af or a reign cf ur ex unplod bribery and ooiruption, of a aytUtn of rubs ard regulations made apparently by the Minttter of Interior, Hon. Clifford Sifton, fur the express purpose of cresting litigation; o^oxclustve franchisee end other monopolies in the mining trade; of concessions amounting to thousands of placer claims, in some cases obtained by fiaud and misrepresentation, all granted for the purposes of ipecu a ion*, of an export duty of 2j\ per coot, levied on the hard earned wages of the labourer; of general taxation without representation, the government has deigned to a11uw|us parliamentary representation. The reeult is that this reign of despotism has caused the widest discontent The decreased mining population Las deterred legitimate capital from entering the country, thus promoting a feeling of distrust and ioatabi ity in the outside woild."
ROBERT G. HODCINS.
Highest price paid for Butter and Kgg» ana Fowl of all kinds
P. S.
OHAWVI LIE’S
O NEW
Here it is ! The Place
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
A Mr. Mi 1er, of Middleton, Nova Scotia, h»H been presented with a drill hall at the government's expense, Mr. Miller is the owner of a lot on which the IB , building stands, and when he requested n j payment, he warn informed that the government had no knowlodgo of the construction of a drill hall at Middleton, Mr. Mi.1er is therefore a lucky intn. Without effort he finds hiroaelf in the J The commander of the Venrzuelan fleet ,ame class with Mr. Lovell, the Libera1, when he saw a superior force coming a- p for Stanstead. Mr. Lovell, it is gainst him, quietly submitted and allow- true received a breakwater costing $57, e l his ships to bo towed to a pUce where ooov but than he succeeded iu landing a they could do no barm. His discretion is ^at for the givernnnn^, Ills was more to be commended. It saved powder, lives 0f * reward, while Mr, Miller's drill abed ind money, the 1st er of which Rooms to j8 en out snd oat gift. Imagine a busi-be so much thought of in Venezuela that ne,§ mait building a bona a en another's they will not use it to pay their debts
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
In connection with my former business I have just placed In position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kiads of
Half a Million Idle
One wit if as dec ared th.t a certain local po'.i ician was “chief organiser of frail Is in poll 37M—an apparently recog-irsed office of responsibility in connection with the contest. • Subsequent to the election the eame wit mas attended at a certain place by appointment to be paid money, snd the crush was so pronounced that one man was detailed to maintain order, which further pointed to the widespread prevalence of the corruption which has betn revealed to such an mat winding extent in the polling division perticulir'y inquired into The personal ora ware so tumorous that they wore distinguishing badge pins so that they could he recognized and their frauds facilitated by the pol! clerks and o+her offic ah. The election law appears to have been a dead Ltter for that day in some sections of the division, and unless smie vigorous punishment is meted nut to ensure peel for 1* after the revelations of corruption made under oath there little hope fer parity in elections con tests in tho future.—Ottawa Citizen.
KEF.N DISTURBS IV BRITAIN THROUGH COLD AND LACK OF WORK.
Sash,
London, Dec 8.—In east London the winter is being felt severely. Thousands of unemployed per ona daily congregate at the dockyard ga‘es, oag-r for a chance to do a day's work. Unskilled laborers are in strong b n* and the police find it necessary to protect the foremen who distribute the Wf rk tickets each morning It ir estimated that 600,000 persons are idle in the United Kingdom, and the board of trade returns show the largest percentage for ten yearn past of unskiled persons out of work, whils the proportion of unskilled men without employment is constantly growing. The Woolwich arsenal auth jnties have discharged 2000 mechanics since the winter set in, and are preparing to let out 4,000 more.
Tc the army of people out cf work must be added 66,000 members of the army re serve who have been released from service with the colors.
Eavetrough i ng,
Hoofing and
impairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, See.
For which I am now prepared to re ce ire order# and guarantee flrat-clw* work.
Thanking my many coMomers for their liberal patronage In the pa«t, I bhall look forward to a future in crease In business.
property, and then forgetting he owned the struct are. But that is the way publie aflUirs are managed at Ottawa, while ministers are travelling about and enjoying themselves.
Railways to Hudson's Bay
PREMIER HABITAI ADVOCATES IT AT A RE
GINA BANQUET.
»
English Opinion of th*	ukon
The Pall Mill Gasat	Louden,
Shawville.
(Special to the Montreal Star)
Winnipeg, December 11. — Hi:	__	.. .
Baultain was banquetled at Regina on England, urges Eng ah c Tuesday night to mark his return from at- frain from Yukon iovostmt i, and pubtending the Coronation ceremonies. Lieut, liahea the following stringent denunc a ion Governor Forget, Commissioner Perry, of Hon. Clifford Sifton * adminiatratiott i

Premier
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIBTOB.
res
1st» to re-
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.

:
	
###PAGE###5###





THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Oouaty Poatlao’l Largest Ware-Rooms.
A. SMILEY, Prop
THE EQUITY,
60 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
Gk F. HODG-INS.
A Beautiful array
of Xmas Goods ..
Weekly Journal devoted to Leeal Interest,.
I

PÜ1LISE1D BVBRY TMÜBSDÀT
ÀT SHAWVILLtt, CO. PONTIAC. <*U*. I 8UB8C*t?TlOH-$1 00 4 UAA M ADVAHOi.
No paper ¦ topped until all arrearages are paid, unless by spatial arrangement with the publisher.
Trade Marks
Designs Copyrights âc.
u>:
"%5 H Btrst^sSt.
spwlfll wile#, without charge. In the
Scientific mtMcaw.
Aüsrsx^ssate cast KA
year; four months. SI. Holt! by allI yswedfulerw.
R 5J.?W Sk
ADVERTISING RATER I
ÏAgsl advertising, eight ceote per line tor flint Insertion sod tour oente per line tor •seta subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not eioeedlogone Inch Inserted et 14.00 per yeer.
Local announcements Inserted st the rate of s oente per line for first Insertion and r, cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or tor longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given oa application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until torbtdden and charged tor accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death metises published free of charge. Obituary poetry three oente per line.
Better than Ever.
iO
We claim we sell the best goods on the market. The ones sold heretofore and the steady increase of Vehicles sold tell the story. Call and inspect our stock of

We have made preparations for three of the busiest weeks' selling in our entire history. That means we are ready with complete stocks in every department of the store.
361 Broadway
#•
Court Shawville,
m# #?#.
Meets the 4th Wed nee day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
II. a. Bahkitt.FS

a

Cutters,
Driving Sleighs»
Robes,
Blankets,
Harness,
JOB PRINTING.
AN kinds of Jo» Prlattmg mostly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.

Extensive stock assortments are now ready in
Purs.
Mitts and Gloves.
Fur Coats, Raglan Overcoats, Handkerchiefs, Neckribbons, etc.
7
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
/. A. Coway. R 8.
R. W. Hopo(we,C R.
Business Cards.
CEO. HYNES,
M1D1CAL.
and Machinery,
OR. WIcNAUGHTON.
and numerous other lines in Harness and Horse Furnishings.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVTLLE, - - QUE.
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by James Cuthbertson, oppoe . the Exhibltton^round».
At home-Mondar, Wednesday and Sat-
Telephone In office.
lie
BAST.
A. SMILEY.
None too soon to start buying Holiday Gifts.
Our display this season is large and now ready-worth your while to see the handsome display of
urday afternoons.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M ,
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trielty Ueiterriiy, Tweet# ; Oredoele of Victoria Ualrerelty. Toroate. FeMow by examination of TrlaUy Med. College, Toronto. OFricieeDReaiDEMCSî J. H Aaneraowo’e House, MAIN STREET - - SHAWV1LLS.
SAVE MONEY
.. AND ..
BUY FROM US
to suit all classes.
IN UNDBRTAKINO
Dolls Shell Boxes Glove and H’d'k’f Boxes Games Xmas Goods Writing Desks
Watches that will go at 3c each
Fancy Braces Perfumes Fancy Slippers
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
lioal.
Albums Trumpets Work Boxes Drums
D. LECUERRIER,
NOTARY RUBL1C,
Will Visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thurs ,u« und Frfdav of ever? week. Office at
A strong British left Hamilton,
Bermuda, t> secure sttifaction from Yen-csuela.	,
The Salvation Army is going to provide Christmas cheer for 500 p >or people in Ottawa
Quote; badness men fator the tram Canada railway.
The first 33 rafei of the Tenmkaming snimrATP	| itlNorthern Ontaiii Riilway n now under
—¦ **.«&*•
AT SHAWV1LU5 EVERY TUESDAY. Ml to g>e employment to 7o or 1000
Henry Dupuis and 11. Morale were I
sentenced at Arnprior to pay a fine of The residence of Thoe Ritchie ex-mayor $17 o-go to goal f r one month for Lf Aylmer, was burned hit Tuesday setting tire to a C P. U c*r.	morning with all its contents. Tne house
nor h msgne ic p .	» loped in Usines. Ai theie is no hydrant
The by-hw t ' raise by way of debenture ! co jnccdou it wou'tl be useless for the /¦%	\A1 RI Ci H T- I the sum of $15,000 to aid in the construe Aylmer hr gade to go out. Tho neighbors
Ciw#» •	7 Lion of a pulp mill in Norih B«y i» helped vigorouily with bucket! and
ADVOOATE» BARRISTER* AC-» published. The voting wdl take place | succeeded in giving the outbuildings of thf proving* or QUEDEC,	on Monday, Jan. 5th	which contained live stock and stores of
«-‘-ss*—.—. Lsiwsr.'tt'rtis tiïxsj&r'“
Phone No. 1321.	on Saturday. The rest of the family Mr. Chnile» McGes, who was vice-
Attend* courts of Ottawa and Pontiac I e bftd ÎDjurd(|e but miy recover, pre i lent of the Bank of Ot awa sine3 it
Districts.	I Two more have since died.	was erablished m 1874 until 189- and
pre i lent sines that year, has resigned
the lat 1er office being succeeded by Mr. George Hay. The splendid record of the progrfsi of the Bank of Ottawa dating Mr. Magee’s tenure of office forms in i s If a tribute to his ability as a financier which leaves nothing to be «dite! in the way of eul gy. During tha'
I cried the Rest of the hank i icrosel from $707,549 to $1,805,000 ami the depoei’e from $3,839,000 to owr$l 1,83d,• 000 whi’e the bank circula1 i->n and loins doubled. I s branches - increased in number from six to thirty-four. In express ng regret at the retirement of Mr. McGee, the sharoho’dsiw emphaz ed their opinion of bis services to the in stitution Montreal basa rival to Nellie Corcoran, by voting him a gratuity of ten thousand
Since Monday of last d d am oh a tangible evidence of their
appreciation. , X
ill visit Bryson on day and Friday of every wee K. McC. Ritchie s residence.
BOORBEAO RAINVILLE, L. LI,
All Summer Goods will be sold at cost and below cost to make room for new Winter Stock.
Come and see our Prices.
BRYSON,
ADVOCATE
• #
Wm. gamble,
G. F. HODGINS.
E. B. DEVLIN, N|.A., B.C.L.
ACCEPT ONLY
9
advocate,
100 Maw St., Hull, Qr*~
Will attend Courts of districts of Ottawa and Pontine.
J. F. GRONAU - LADYSMITH.
(10N DON >
ALES and
STOUT

III#
Rifles.
i



3B
We have bought a Bankrupt stock of Rifles as

follows
SPENCER REPEATER, 7 Shot. % Cal., Rim Fire SHARPS SINGLE SHOT, 50 Cal., Riin Fire.. SHARPS CENTRE FIRE, 50 Cal
The eitimated force now
for
emp’ovrd ii aboil* 40 teami at cadging, 00 horses	0 » wo
Clerk of the District Magistrate#' Court. 1 Abou* *0 carloads of plant, supplie»,&c., Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, have been received by the contractors, and Mortgage», etc., executed legally and satis- many more are on+hc way.
faciorliy.	Deseronto, Dec. 11.—A case of small-
8HAWVILLE • • • *	Q"*.| pox waa discovered in town today. An
Indian named Andrew Cublerlsov, who
_	- uaai/av a i^5r| had been working in the winds, north of
S. A. IVIAUKAY, D.V.L.,, Lake Superior, is the victim. By order
OTARY PUBLE \ NOTARY FOR. THE [ of the medical health officer l.e am re* RELIANCE nSlîLA^O AV1N°3 moved to the isolation hospital outside the
Iuk""
Will be in Skawvllle on Tuesday of every week.
W. W. IRELAND,

Price, $8 00 Price, $v 00 Price, $H 00

6 <
I
• 1

:o:
i
mm
!
McDOUGALL & CUZNER,
Hardware Merchants, ¦ ¦ • SussezSt. Ottawa.
g
e*
à


,	. . AwAeoi» A? f*¦ Z
EWorld’s Exhibitions tf
is to bo equally divided between his daughters. Mrs J. de St. Denis Lemoine and Mrs. D’Aicy H. McMah n.
The annual meeting of the Upp?r Ottawa Improvements cc mpany was held on Monday afternoon. The following i fficera were elected for the ensuing year: Piesident, Hiram Robinson ; secretary, G. B. Greene; directors, John R. Booth, C. Berkeley Powell, F. P. Bronson, Alex Fraser snd Hiram Robinson. The company intends to place a line of steamers on Like Temiscaroing and has arranged with th e end in view f r the issue of debentures amounting to $112,000.
Ammg the honora announced in the latest birthday list is a K. C. M O. for Major General George A. French, to whom Morgan gives credit for the organisation of that meat u« ful and efficient corps, Ike Northwest Mounted police. Sir George French, am his friends, and he has many in this port on of the empire, muet row address him, is connected with the Dominion by other and doter ties for he married in Onfcaiio and had several children born in Canadian soil. Mo ga% alto records that hia brother, Captain John French, commanded a company of scouta during the troubles in the Northwest, in 1885, and waa killed at Bafcoche.


1
There arm no brews so pure and whole• some as	Sites and Stnu
n/mm
in order to keep their men employed were turning out sfcrel rails be’ow cost price, •o that the German tenders might be the lores*, but he considered that Canadian workingmen must be considered first. It will take 8,200 tons of steel rail for the first s xty mi es of the road and five of siding. The contract price has tot been announced and will not be made public unfc 1 afttr the meeting of the Temiskaming commissioners next week when the contract w ll be awarded
in a sleeping girl.
week Miss Georgians Begaoutte. of Ontario Street, has been in a profound dumber.
• gulp ###
md for sale: Office: Shawville.que. state that the case is a peculiar one and
that the young woman is euffering from nervous derangement and excessive
QTTAWA, NORTHERN
J. J. TURNER,
-AND-
Large Wolf Balled.
WESTERN RAILWAY.
Quite a latge number of sheep have been killed lately on farms at the foot of Allumette blind, and the farmer* were puzaled over the fact that the carcase of each animal waa all eaten, the skin only being left: for it ie well known that when a dog kills a sheep be eats viry little of the carcase, if any. Mr. BaptisteDemere . v	,	.... hie solved the mystery by tupping a
The judges m the 8t. Jemee division isrgevvlf0n the waste land opposite election cteo hive intimated that sufficient Morrison's Island. Some sheep were evidence has been submitted to void the ^ w\\ed at the heed of the Island, seat It is not too much to ssy that a year Mr. A. Demerse brought before expose of corrupt election methods Mr Dsvid Gillies, M. P. for Pontiac, has not been mads in Canada than that the neoeeeity of the Quebec Legislature which the trial brought out. The little «r4„tiDg bounties for the killing of “machine*’ the local Liberals organized woiveesed foxes, but the session closed II... good copy of thmr big parly s tbruhtly *nd nothing was done, but Mr. big Ontario device.—Montreal Qjzette. Qilliea will bring the matter up this year.
united in wed ock by the Rev. J. Roln» sou. The bride who * looked chermin* wss dressed in a tailor-made costume of castor box-cloth sod carried a b >quet of rases. Mias Laura Walsh, • et « r of the bride, ac+ed a# bridesmaid, while Mr Kroest. Freeman, of Ironsides, ssiistfd the groom. After the ceremony the guests, about one hundred in number, partook of a sumptuous wedding eupper.
The prerents were numerous and beaut i, fol, testifying to the high esteem in which the young couple sre held. They intend leaving for Alberta in a few weeks white they will make their future heme.
DAILY EXCEPT SUNDAY.
Commencing Oct. 1* trains will leave Canadian Pacific Union Station :
GRACEFIELD SECTION.
Lv. 5.06 p.m., Ottawa Ar.9.30 a.m.
Ar. 7.40 p.m., Gracefield, Lv.7 a.m.
WALTHAM SECTION.
Lv. 5.15 p.m. Ottawa, Ar. 9.40 a.m Ar. 8.45 p.m., Waltham, Lv. 6.25 a.m.
GlDOMltSOl,
fatigue.
Up0 PRACTICAL
WATCEEAEBl
and
JEWELLER
Bequeathed a Million.
WILL or THl LATE WILLIAM MACK XT
The will of the late Wi liam Mackey, lumber merchant, was filed for piobate yesterday byMtests. Gormsn &( I C mnor. The will is dated May 23rd. 1902, and there are four sobseguent codicils The executor* are Mr. Mickey's ion-in-law, Mr. J. de 8fc. Denis Lemoine and Mr. M. J. Gormsn, K C. The estate is valued at $1,197,094, made up of $1,000,365 personal estate and $138,699
real estate.
The pecuniary legacies are as follows: To trustees for hi» son Walter C. Mackey
Mr. Clergue wi'l Get the Contract. %nd ("nil,, $100,000; io trustee. f..r hi.
-mm
railway will’d be let to t » U om 8 e- su-van» e ^	,ll0°°
company of 8iul< Sti*. Mali ,
He felt sure that bo' h sides of would stand by the commise» endeavor to help a Cana ria At present on account of thr |	|
c >r.dit;on iu Germany. eke* 1 »>an f <•» ¦ •

worno
r+rii


à
For ticket» or further information apply City Ticket Office, 42 Sparks St., or Union
Depot, C. P. R.
H. B. SPENCER.
Gen. Superintendent. Dto. Pas. Agent.


watches,
CLOCKS,
jbwbllert.
BILVEHWABE
Ac. Ac.
1

i
• a
:y :
^4
H:

GEO. DUNCAN.

r RerAtamu—


$50,000 Bora Horse.
Minneapolis, Min., Dec 8.—M. W. Savage, of this city hi«£bought Dan Patch (1.69 1 4) the famous unbeaten pacer if M. E. Sturgis of N. Y., for $60,000. The price is said to be the highest ever paid for a pacer.
Negotiations are on foot for an inn'-gamativn of linotype companies through out the world.
Prices of Canadian refined sugars have been reduced ten cents per hundred weight.
a Speciality:
F*
\ I
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
r SHAWVILLU


HAW VILLE k) HAVING PARLOR,
JÛH* Sh , Proprietor.
To boy well, watch the latest prices and in. f mu; ion in the special TRADE PRESS.
sssttitsssl ïrssr
On m in. I each, u i o-
Sample* ?re«
Hpecttic dtifiaes and hgaciee are in t ei *•'*«» 1" d ff-rent member# of hie family, i « «try. «».o « ht. balance of the estate la to bs Hnnn ial I <• i«vfnvd mb) money, After the payment
i the h gacitw and expenses the residue
f!»
The spot for—
ftacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
A Fast* nable Hair Cct Good Shampoo, ob A Clean Shave.
Y put Turn next


###PAGE###6###
«*>








DOCTOR JACK
BALACLAVA HERO
animal.v What It eut» with a relish, other thin*» I wing equal, yields the best returns.
FREEDOM AND EXERCISE.

FOR FARMERS j
W. H. Pennington I» How a Noted
Actor.
AN UNSOUGHT WEALTH;
I ho forty-eighth anniversary of liolaclava was recently celebrated In a curious way at Crippleguto listi-twu». London, when W. H. Pfenning* ton, who was one of the Light ltrl-gmie, ap|wared am the Cardinal In
1 h’ Pennington was intended for educational work, but went off
I
j We greatly prefer to have our lv «
k	5ea»entHe and ProMlabls ? and calves In a clover lat. The
f	Mints for the Busy Tillers 4 pasture, fresh air and exorcise are
f of the Soil.	>•	? all of a value that cannot be ignored
f	g	*	ii> economical feeding. Watch care*
fàlly for lustrous coat, a mellow skin, a bright roguish eye and @ UTILIZING SKIM MILK.	quick strong gait ; if these are lack-
ing review the case, to know where failure may be found. Look to the
Now, there art times when It dees not do for a man to disagree with n friend’s opinion of himself, and what-evei Jack may think he wisely keeps to himself, only saying " How’s that, Larry T‘
" I left word for another -telegram from up the road, regarding the train,
and meant to call for It this evening, finding himself on board the sail-
1CEI
too your l.rotho.' ;„U tlmt It wU fmmJ	in'm/"	7n- 'Zw%^!r"uH th«'e^Shar'd ''hjy must havo Zniy of beddin*
^orth every penny of twenty thou- ||fa -	* thusinstic terms of his officers ami nnd tbo whey rancid, that it is still Rnd hav” lt changed oitcn enough to
iüU IgEii^F™ plEpfl s|J||Spjs
1 OMHHt lie did ; nnyhour, he Mid tually hot under the night of the ex-IIV?ultl on thut ml*ty October day, «'Ok cheese of a few years ago: know a“d vet «lien the trough
'I think I might raise those rents “ hud ruined him."	press eastward From this time on a"(1	wa* «"® of the few sur- |»ll well how I,digestible curd	Icom2l T thTlld	l
in ltadger', buildings three,,enre a ' “'.'ired him ! when you say that. It will h, known as the Flying Turk. viv,’r' V° ,*!>ent murh Umo' dreary nmdo. Mnnujucturers have learn-	",
wook, or even sixpence Its twelve i” worth twenty ih .ueand pounds A	The whistle that our friends hear In "'0"U™ of ¦lck,,0S8- with the troo,s ed of Its value as sizing for paper	*°.‘h*	',n'
months since I ait 1 raised them." » is not ruined who has tw. nty the distance as they halt under the	I'ulgtria. ond he was also in ar- Mid calico; Its tough, glossy hmsh	drawn by a suction that
He lifted his eyes from the columns thousand pot n is."	wall ac.usllv announce, the arrival of °,n Bt ^e groat fight of Alma's there is more In p.aco than in the ;«»l‘va aS t tJ»t* 's food^ 1 h ,
nnBHWH
ly toward the palace, they turn in the mou* comj any under the great cOl am ing it.	ln another instant it will return t<
quarter where Jack and Aleck wrestled 1’helps at	Drury I a no, n mi he sub-	, Let	uh now consider why	only	t*'° RRn'°	und ®°on know moro tliar
ui,% the Turk's janizaries on the oc- ^tupiently	in ÎH68 took tlie chief	nlout	one farmer in ten really	gets master	learmsi in a month	of hit
casion of their former visit, when i’nrts of ' Enmlot” and "Othello” nt full value for his skim milk. His bub>ho id At tw« weeks old adt Alctk was captured.	(thc Hay market Thettre. Mr. Glad- f >st fuiluro is negligence in its one-half skim milk, still keep ft tern*
In a short time they reach the stom* wcnt	«Pfclolly to ft© him ns	Cttl0	>vhen fed warm from the	sep-	iwrnture	of V8 c'ogrees ; the	next
shore, where the little waves are chat- ni)Jnlct nt	Sadler’s Wells Th entre in	urator	little trouble is found	from	wcck add	more skim milk till	it bo»
ing each other over the pebbly	beach	®n<1 in Mr. T>nt>tn<rton	constipation or scours, provided just	<omes	all of that kind with the ad
with a gentle lapping sound.	Jack	Wl,s invited by the Prime Minister	the right quantity is given, and	(,Mion	of a tablespoon full of oil
Mr. *7 mélove took an	eitve'ope | locks out over the darkened	water.	rtvc recitals fmm Shakespeare at	e,,0 cornmeal. ollmcnl or some	.meal.	let the calf Imvo Some wholi
I loo' ham asked Hmwlf	hI"	"lot_lin , thl' bul can »<-'« no yacht. If she is ,'nrlton 1,ouse Terraco _ I other substitute for butter fat U ffains of oats or corn each day and
.jrsrt jf*:	z, a0I.w.msSni-	.r^-siisctz.s:*»
Sill piS ^ttl1 Igll mm
the trouble by Homebody dinging the whl h *vou Wl!1 imxo with thla- Rftor .* Vea air>* comea the guarded re„ Built f Mohnmmndnn	? cratce lnto ,the Sttlne offensive condi- man and a hoy. Under these con-
door wide open, and enter n? the 1 am <,Md ®«d he lus buried me. piy,	.	y 1 lions 1,9	assumed bv other dilions the cost of labor wus reckon»
room as though he were Hying for	* **« Kooli enough to pay his bill. Mr. j A few sentences pass between	them.	nnin a’ natter in decay. In	winter	ed at sixty cents per acre, while lhi
his lie, and dropping, without the	Truelove is a perfect stranger to	and Jack understands that all	Is In	1,1 1	Khartum	wus again made	vpl*y often it is fed with ice	mixed	sulj hate cost eight cents a pound
deast regard to ceremony, into Mr. n,e* H wo .Id 8c« m a rush thing to , readiness, waiting for the signal. The cuI,llHl of tlie Egyptian Soudan. U rough it, or if heated, care is not un i iij pounds wore used to ten gal llooklutm’s own particular chair, .entrust ^uch	a	commission to a	per-	men are dressed like Turks, so that	1 tie British began at cnce the re-	taken to	reach	the	right tempera-	Ions of water, or one hund/ec
The visite^ was a portly gentleman,	^ stranger	;	but I haw not	the	should they be seen It will be believed	building of the ruined city; and	turc.	pounds. Fifty gallons were lined pci
clad in black from head to foot, who lightest doubt that you will get they come from Stamboul, and are Ie* undcr the direction of Loixi | ABOUT OVERFEEDING.	acre, making the total cost of tin
seemed to be in considerable agita-	thf	nd sooner or later,—cer-	thither bound again.	Kitchener,	thousands of cartloads	of	with both pigs and calves,	feeders	spraying $1.86 per aero. The ficli
tion of mind and body. Mr. Hook-	taiiily quite soon enough for you.	Satisfied with this. Jack again	seeks	rubbihh	were being	removed and	a	often overdo their capacity.'	They	WM badly infested with cluirlock
ham stared at him with not unna-	**	‘R ca,1'd the	Devil’s Diamond,	and	his two companions, and they turn,Lcxvt P,atl of streets wus being car-	think the	milk	not	worth much.	some of which was already in flovvei
tural surprise, and, under the cir-	‘8	worth, at	u	trade valuation,	at	toward the palace. Somehow he seems	’ "‘d ml° e ,ecL the foundations of	They arc usually	in haste to dispose	or Hfod. There was ulro romi
cunu,lances, not unjvstilinble irrita lcust twenty thousand pounds. It to	feel & heavy	weight upon	his	spirits	],le Mohammedan College were laid.	Qf thc surp}ufl ancj overjoso the lit- tlilstlca. As a result, ninety pet
tion	ban the pleasing property of bringing -he	cannot	tell	what	causes	it.	but	] unds for tll° building of this insti-	‘ tlo things, arguing that they will cent, of those which had not reached
j 11-1 tick to its yosse^or. it has | the uneasiness Is there.	¦ tutu!n ,iud, l>e€n provided by the drink no moro than agrees with i,hc dowering stage were destroyed,
Lurry,	are	you	armed	V	he	aaka.	^ °Li?i,r Hilllam Ma_	them. The young thii.RN, famiahitig “l,d 8'*ty to seventy per cent, o!
thm and Mr. W. Ellcome of Ureal	Kor ,e them8olvcs “ to s“li8fy hunger those thnt were In full (lower Moxl
for elements lacking in thoir ration, ! ° ^bo this ties were also destroyed till they become a Hugo suck of |°nd Possibly much Insect life. Thl s im milk, cased in by little moro application was made about two than skin and bones. His third I weeks t< o lato for obtaining thi failure is Irregularity in feeding, best results, ns It should have beet I on't anybody think the stomach is dn™ w,,cn the charlock had made its not a good time-keeper. It should brst rough leaves. 'I lie oats may have such regular allowances that bave been injured some, ns they wcr« each meal will havo been digested, *co large that they had very broad and the next called for withiu a ; baves, if the work had been dons college would be the center of the	few minutes of the same hour each two weeks earlier this would havt
more advanced scientific training and	dtiy' Roughs and vessels must be been avoided and the charlock would
education of the youths of the Sou-	kept clean. To get the greatest Java l>vcn more thoroughly killed
dan in literary and technical knowl-	VulLC from skim mdk for hogs, we ''"ere it was so large the epray fail-
edge. it wus expected that the stu- <ur not food more than twice as much ,cd ,0 reach some of the lower leaves dents would be fitted to till many weight of milk ns of grain. If \vo|und did not kill the whole plant.
the Soudan for which they nr0 Rotting 1200 pounds milk per are already required.	.must add 100 pounds middlings,
H PH|	An interesting fact about the col- hominy or corn meal to make the One important factor when raisin
.. .	,	t. ri;'!„Lf	The b. lls have rung out the hour be* lege is that no effort will bo	made	most profitable ration, llogs will	bite potatoes is to store the see
plajns^Miop^r shall be	permitted	beach, soit is a little after ten when in Islam! ^ He^on ^iT 'not	expccT mmc^hu^'lüœnt^^lüO “oî	haust t hvfr s t re i .g U« ¦ " ' Daily * ' in' the
A?y*M*m* m Si"ht the I)J,aiC0iwa,,s- taught in the college. It Is expect- I the latter from this modo of feeding, winter the potatoes wanted for late
ml rtr?c<l tllttt boforc Very ,OI1R tho school | Novor buy brown middlings for hogs planting the following season should ng iriven from thi. ra.lroad depot to	will have at	least 300 students and; when	the white	can be secured.	I am	ho i acked In new flour barrels nod
a1feettofVdoz*nreolfia^hrt«H fa8t **	° fl,U sUlfl of FnRliH'h teachers with fully	convinced	that the difference in	headed. Then removed to cold stor-
*rmtmvwc^immkto.	*rp3
long wav for revenge, but he has en-	Muring the	siege of Ladysmith one )^to	thnn °,ir capacity to	trace	er# do not send out sprouts as cel-
tered tRt service of the Turk, and bid-	of thc officers	organized u concert to ,lh0ir.	orlRm»	lar-kept tubers do. Tho strength ol
den farewell forever to Madrid, whose kvcP UP	spirits, lie heard Before pigs arc weaned they should the potato is retained,
fickle populace would never greet him °* 11 sv,*KCti®t in the Gordons	who	bavc a separate trough fenced from	\\c had a good opportunity of
save with Jeers after that last Un- ! waa a tf()<>d performer, and	asked	thc mothcr 8 reach, containing a lit-	making a very thorough test of this
fortunate engagement with the black *dm lo contribute his services.	t,e mCnL./\,ld 111 i,k ndxcd lo 11 Ibick	method for raising lato potatoes, We
toro that Senor Jack slew.	*Tm awfully sorry, sir.” said the P°Kt0,	wi" last them while tho had planted out two fields alongside
I Unless our friends are exceedingly sergeant, ‘but I cannot.”	|b< g takes her ration. 1 he pigs soon each other, using for one field cvllar-
n	active in their work, they will hear	Why?” asked	thc officer,	in	a	*Cl1 rn to ea^ wcd *n ^bis way, and	kept seed,	and	for tho other	seed
not for twenty million	something drop. The furious Turk ts	voice of surprise.	"You	play	some	when the tiln0 comes for weaning	taken from	cold	storage.	Thc	field
rushing home as if some intuition has instrument, don’t you?”	they continue to thrive an before, of cellar-kept seed was a total fail-
warned him of danger. When he ar-	"I did* »ir.”	By actual experiment it lias been as-	urc, while	the other field	was satis-
whoso	rives at his own a whirlwind will	"Well, what was it?”	certnined that ICO pounds of di-
the least of break loose.	| "The bones, sir; but I’ve eaten gcstlble matter in a skim milk and
corn meal ration was equal to 146.0 pounds fn corn meal and middlings ration. This is explained by tho digestibility of the elements in milk, while those of corn meal and mid-
Or The flystery of a Brother’s Legacy.
Born on Jan. 26
I
to
Dairymen are generally In need of education in tho cmo of skim milk,
that it may roach tho hog or coif in shelter and see that it is dry |
¦¦¦¦¦¦ that tho young stock Is not postered
CHAPTER I.
Mr. Samuel Hook ham was seated In his chambers in tho Temple. Anion* the account books which littered tho table was a ponderous ledger. Over this ho was poring with the affectionate air with which a bibliomaniac * ores over his most prized black-lottor. Tho sun was shining without, and the voices
Sec
arc
birds
now
a good weekly proi>orty in the Fast just enough Fnd of Lo'idufi,— even In these
rial Stic Uavh.”
to pay my landlady's 50- 1 ill,—Iv t 1 want you to give this to my bn titer,’ upd with th t he gave
Hr. I look ham looked down again me the diamond, wrapped in a pmeo at his ledger with something very of rarer. Just ns you see it thot'e. like a grin. But hardly had he re- it's worth twenty thousand pounds, commenced tho absorbing study of You’ll fnd his uddiess open this its contents than there caino from vnve'ope. I want you to give him without the unmistakable sound of this letter too * "’ eomome coming up the stairs.
"What fool’s that ?
As Mr
this

wai
two hordes unI u man
"May I ask, sir, what you
by entering a gentleman’s chambers brought the devil’s own luck to me in this extraordinary manner ?”	1 was & rich man when l first had Quietly
ÉHP23
¦ a,.........r T««- sgi-”r-s.zrsnti:
and it has done for me ulreariy. By "1 don,t know. I seem to feel it for the complete development of tho the wav, it possesses another pleas-1 ,n my bones thal we won’1 Ret out of Project he hud never hoped for more ing property,—it is impossible to! lhls wilhout 8ome excitement, and I raPid progress than has been made, sc 1 it. Whoever endeavours to do belIeve In Being ready. Yonder loom Hc said it was exacted that the so will have the best of reasons for up tbe	walls. Forwaid all, to
biiitg sorry that he ever tried. It M uo Aleck—then were off on the ran only he given away. Knowing ® ue sea* y our character us I do, I am aware I that you will never be able to give a way a stone of the value of twenty thousand pounds It was impossible for n o ; how still more impossible will it be for you ! If ghosts allowed to revisit.
mean
gasped.
"Well
sir, and what if I am ? Though I may mention that from strangers I’m accustomed to tho prefix Mister. And pray, sir, w ho are « on ?”
"I’m an undertaker.”
Mr. Houkham roso from his seat. and stared even more than he
stared before.
Not bo fast, Doctor Jack—some things are easier said than done, you know.
had
"A what ?”
"An undertaker.”
"And may 1 ask, sir, to what I owe the pleasure of this visit ? I suppose you haven't come to bury me ?”
CARE OF SEED POTATOES
CHAPTER XXIII
:
ex
to sec the fun—there will be fun know.
"Not to bury you brother.”
I buried your
Your affectionate brother, "MATTHEW HOOKHAM
Yoi
|Mr. Ilookham started.
MYou bur fed my brother !”
“This day fortnight, in Nonhead The letter, which was written Cemetery. Family grave, with fees, tic finest possible hand, took some Cl3. Improved funeral car or hearse time to read. When he had finished, drawn by four horses, two modern Mr ramages with pairs soverod, lined, etc poli shod
Ilookham, looking up, found elm shell, ih t Mr. Truelove’s eyes were fixed
stout case of uj on him oak, finished with b<*st brass, mediaeval furniture, and en-fravod inscription plate, with all groaned, mecrsm&ry attendants ; complété £20. to keep
rota! £38
"It s true,” said Mr. Truelove. every word !” Thi undertaker
I ought to know. I tried the thing. Twenty thou-Tvo brought thc bill to s nd pounds—such a prize as that !
1 didn’t think th	* any harm.
I’ve had with it
f ou/
The visitor handed Mr. Ilookham Tie time fc blue document of portentous size, wouldn't go through another such Mr. Hook ham could scarcely believe f< rt it?lit His ears and eyes
pounds
"Do I understand you to say that
my brother Matthew is dead '”
Dead as a coflln-nail ! Couldn’t moral standard, to
Mr. lfookhnm's manner, ns he replied to tho undertaker,
bave had a handsomer funeral if all it. seemed a little vague, was crush- Doctor Jack Is the first to reach the them!
London had been there to see. Ho ingly severe.	palace wall. He has noticed partlcul- '
wmrnsm usipisfsi
25= Sçs,r* EEüéÈKl 5SS5SSS  ...................... '
‘Mr. Truelove, I have not «w» : vo»r bill ”	'	. . a.
STSSsL:Eü rF- zssus eÿf	S5
lo«,l«ht i a. K™ !¦	“*	— 1 Ml*-I Aon't
••Hut he was a ma„ of means ' Tn s° ?•< °n 1	1	‘ ‘n ?°U
What has become of hi» property ? iet y 11 '
Arc you acquainted with his testamentary depositions ? Of course I am his natural heir. What has he left ?”
factory in every way. We strongly recommend potato growers to keep seed potatoes for late planting in the ccld storage. The great increase in tho crop wilf repay anyone for the slight expense of storage.
Lightning strikes Chicago during the summer on an average 11 timet a day.
enters as a factor in fattening an

Rid the System of Poisons





Hi
And You Need Have No Ferr of Appendicitis, Peritonitis and Other Dreaded
Ills-Dr Chase's Kidney Liver Pills, the Great Family Medicine.

1 have tom the grating from Its replies Jack, breathing hard, and vet speaking as though ItB nothing of much consequence.
" 'Don 'onah. now. that's hardly fair, I old boy, wobbln* me of my laurels. You should have let me have a chawnce.”
" Hark, man !M “ Jack r
socket
1
were

*‘J am of a different opinion, sir. I not only think, under tho circumstances. that I’d better not, but beg to say plainly that I won't As Mr. Truelove stood with thc handle of the door in his hnnd, preparatory to taking his departure, he murmured a last proffer of his advice.
!
likely to attack a person subjected to constipation, but appendicitis, peritonitis. Inflammation of the bowels and chronic dyspepsia the direct result of neglecting to
Mssammstim
to be of a different opinion, Mr. —all's well. Come up the stai \°	the most thorough cure for const
(To Be Continued.)
When the bowcis are constipated or sluggish in action thc human body seems an easy prey to nearly every ailment to which human beings are subject.
No merely cathartic medicine dp moro than relieve constipation* The bile which is poured into th# intestines by the liver is nature’! cathartic and consequently healthy liver action is essential to regularity of tho bowels. Dr. Chase’s Kidney* Liver Pills have a direct action og the liver and kidneys as well as th< bowels, and for this reason effect * thorough cure of constipation.
Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills art of inestimable
ai
*
»
“All that he has left is this.” Mr. Truelove produced, very gingerly, between his linger and thumb, a small paper parcel from the recesses of his waistcoat pocket that if I gave you this you would see that my bill was paid.”
Mr. Ilookham took the parcel with b distinctly doubtful cast of countenance. But wh*f he opened it he gave a «tart of surprise. And no wonder t for It contained, with no protect#but the piece of coarse
are

move
and thrills them
He said

I
un-
value as a HnU medicine One pill a dose. 26 cent# Not only are colds and all . con- ration Is Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver a box. At all dealers or Ed»/t/,eo» logions and infectious diseases more * Tfllst	Bates & Co., Toronto.	^
f
r
see us
G
(To Be Continued.!
I


;
MM

	


-JB-
###PAGE###7###
m TOUNB'S GASS, | CHAPTER ON THE HORSE
»2 £ UErBBStfSsSî Æ r *
HR VANISHED.
"Oh, George, dear, I have a Utile favor I'd like to oak you before you go to town thia morning," oaid Mrs. Jooks the oilier morning.
"Well, what is it?"
"1 wish you would Just help Lizzie to move the piano out of the sitting r< om and get down those tug bo#k-siM >And 1 want the couch chi ried out of the room Into the yard, where it can he thoroughly dusted, And then if you’ll Just lend a hand in getting the carpet on the line, and help Susan heat It, and take down those large pictures on the sitting-room wall and carry them out, so that all the dust can he brushed ofl the
gone! That's Just like a man! Ask him to do any little thing about the house and he flies oil as if a mad bull were after him! 1 never saw anything like it!"
Nol Nol Not Not
This word Is need four times by Prof. W. Hodgson Ellis, Official Analyst to the Dominion Government, in reporting the result of his analyses of Sunlight Soap.
" No unsaponifled fat that means no waste.
" No free alkali that means no damage to clothes or hands.
“ No loading mixture that means every atom Is pure soap.
"No adulteration whatever”; that means pure ingredients.
Try Sunlight Soap—Octagon Bar— The best and you will see Prof. Ellis is right
He should know.
ADDRESS DELIVERED BY DR. J. HUGO REED.
A STRANGE CASE THAT BAY-
FLED DOCTORS.
Judge Employed by Dominion Department of Agriculture at Charlottetown Fair.
None of Her Friend# Believed She - Could Recover and Her Case Hae Excited Great Interest.
From the Courier, Trenton, Ont.
The case of Mrs. Robert Young, of Stanley street, Trenton, is one that lam enured a grout deal of talk among those who are acquainted with her. Mrs. Young I# now In her seventy-eighth year, and Is quite vigorous for a woman of that age. Three years ago she took a chill, which appeared to affect her whole system, lier lower limbs and body swelled to such an extent that Nhe could scarcely move them. Her stomach became eo disordered that she could not take solid food, and her heart fluttered eo violently that she could not lie in bed, and for two years had to bo bolstered up day and n ght. The chills which were apparently the original cause of the trouble, became chronic, and affected her two or three times a week, zind after a chill her skin would tiwn a dark brown color. Her friends did not believe she could recox or, but nevertheless did all they could for her. Three doctors tried their skill, but to no * urpose. and tie strongest consolation they could ofTer was "Well, you know we are all growing old." Several advertised medicines were then given her, but with no better results. In August, 1VU1, Mrs. Young had become so bad that her daughteHn-law hiul to rome from a distance to nurse her. She brought with her some Hr. Williams' Fink Pills, and persuaded the old Indy to begin their use. In tie <ourfe of a few weeks there could be no doubt that they were helping her, and the doctor advised continuing their use, and now, a ter using them for some months, the swelling that bad affected her Unit» is gone; the chills no longer l other her: her stomach Is restored to its normal condition, and the heart fluttering that had made it accessary to bolster her up In bed has also disappeared. It is no wonder that the case has excited much lonmunt, and the editor of tho Courier, who has personally Intest gated it, can vouch for the bets related above. Such marvellous cures am this proxe Dr. Wiliams’ Pink Pills to be the best ncdiilno offered the public to-day, in 1 all thomo who are ailing should promptly give them a trial. All Iruggiste sell these pills, or they tan bo obtained by mail at f»Oc. a box, or six boxes for $2.50, by writing direct to the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Droekville, Ont.
SB#
If a man is Weeding for the market ho should find out what the market demands and then make up hie mind as to what style of the horses in demand he can produce at most profit to himself selling horses today are heavy draughts, carriage horses and saddle hoi ses.
Heavy Draughts.—Prince Edward Island is certainly in a position to is produce good heavy horses Clyde# are u good breed and seem to be In most demand. Tho stallion» at present owned on the Island when ( IJJIHI mated to good mures will certainly that it is not
203
CEYLON TEA.
Well, if he hasn't
London, with mix million people, hnm only 18 murder* annually United H ta tee. with 80 millions, has 10,000 murders & year.
scrub 'stallion only exists because he patronized. If breeders demand purcbicd stallions tho scrub will have to go out of business. Some farmers a vein to think that because they have not got a < hoice mare •¦¦¦¦¦,	to pay
to $15 fee for a good
The
t
The
XiSver’a Y-Z (Wise (Tend) DlsinferV ant Poop Powder dusted in tho both p .ftcis the water at the sumo time Unit it disinfects.

LURED ONCE ADD FOR ALL
produce colts that will sell well
reasonably heavy %nare ot good con- stallion, but they take a scrub at
formation is required. There were from $4 to $8. This is a great mis-	There are 2,380 building societies
Instance» on tho grounds where | take ; if a mare is worth breed.ng DODD’S KIDNEY PILLS MAKE |„ the United Kingdom Their r«-t’lyde stallions had been bred to «" she is worth breeding to	HALFWAY WORK OF ceip-s were over 37* millions last
’S	».SE*sE.—	—««• «»»•»=» —
particular use, and this in the gen- moro Intel'ig<n o and enterprise era I result of such violent crossing. *mong the horsemen rather than Carriage Horses.—The distinction Government regulations, between carriage horses and roadsters is evidently not .well understood by exhibition managements or
people In the Maritime Provinces. | DEACONSFTELD’S BREECHES These are two distinct types of,	, . ,	. .
mtmmsm
nnd corrige hor.ca la not «matter E,dcr Urethren o( lhe Trinity House.
*l7e- or. ° breeding. The road nnd as 8Uch owned B s|wcia, omcinl hot they were permanent
homo Iri valuable for his performance uniform. One day ho was about to * '.he *onv,=l.i°n ,ur“d lh 1 in getting over the road; the car- attend ft leVee at SL	Paî. Dodd s Kidney Pills cure once and
rings horse for his attractiveness, nœ nnd his Vajet luitl out hlg for all. One more prtof of this
his style and action, in addition to clothes for the occasion.	furnitiled by John J. McDonald,
rond dualities. The carriage iï»vi«w imniiM» nir. hi- wcl* known farmer, now residing at
have ! valet, Beaconsfield dressed and went ^' ** Langlois Axe. 1- he years ago
to the lexee On appearing before .Vae lr0jbloa With Rheuznntisr/i
Fearless 'Si
Pin Puddings.
With the frost comes

X
the appetite for heartier / ,r*JT table da in ties. Why	\\>
•pend time arid labor	• V
when Libby'a Plum Pudding# are eo de Mc loua,
Mlnaii's llnlirent Cures Colds, etc,
J. J. McDonald Had Rheumatism and Iropsy, was Cured by Dodd’s Kidney Pills, and Has Had no Return of the Trouble I 1.254 per for Five Years
pure, tvholeronie. and so easily secured 1 Ask your Grocer. They are among the beat of
F. W. HOBSON, Live Stock Commissioner
Ireland's emigration rnte has been
100,000 population per
year; that of England uud Wales only 525 i>cr 100,000 a year.
9
Windsor, Ont., Dec. 8.—(Special)—
It has been acknowledged for some
> e rs that Dodd’s Kidney Tills would cure any cote of Kidney Dis- removes all herd, aoft or calUmaed Lmnpf
1 uud Blemlwhes from Homes Blood Rnnvts Curl re, Splints, Hie* Bant. Sweeny. Stifles Sore *ml Swollen Throat, Cough*, prc. 6 i t ip *50 by ime of one Wat le War-(Jrailnal-| ranted the meet wonderful III I e in I ah Cure
ever known. Sold by all druggists.
Natural Flavor
ENGLISH SPAVIN LINIMENT
FOOD PRODUCTS
coro. end of Into those interested in medical sc ience hnx# been watching chose cures to c< nvince themselves
to Eat." is free. Write f^r it. Libby's Allas of tbs World mailed anywhere for fire ac stamps.
cana.
,H « Flossie — "I'm afraid, Bridget, a j that mother is dissatisfied with you." Bridget — "Is she now? Faith, thin, she’ll soon have a chance to be dissatisfied with somebody else!"
Libby, McNeill & Libby,
his
qualities. The carriage Having implicit confidence In horse in demand to-day must action. high action, 2 folding his knees and hocks well, and he must do the prince — now Edward VII.—the I ar,d dropsy. For two years he suf this no matter whether going miles an hour or fifteen. He
CHICAGO. U. 6. A.
his
Xyooo« vhoto. Engraving -
SU.L JONESCng C?^
~I60 UAV STREET —ÏORON10
fered terribly, and the different modi cine# he tried failed to relieve him
Ills legs were swollen and the pains wSrfJÏ?,*»”,,7»$.£5”*w £?,
five diplomatist and minister made his must bow and, to his surprise, was grect-holtl up his head without the aid of ed with an amused smile, a check and
"It won't do," his royal highness Jocularly remarked out!"
"In what, sir?" demanded Beacons-
"You're found
ALWAYS LOOK PROUD.
In site he may vary from 15* hands to 10 hands or even slightly over. As a general rule tho carriage horse should have more substance than the roadster, be more horizontal in the croup, and above «11 must have a high proud head. The road horse with low action and perhaps low head may go faster and farther and last longer than the carriage horse, but ho is not so much in demand. In the large markets, Chicago, Now York, Detroit and even Toronto the carriage horse may sell for from $600 up, while the road horse will bring from $150 up.
field.
"Oh," said the prince, still smiling, "you've got the wrong trousers on!"
And, to his horror, on looking down, Beaconsfield found that ho had got his diplomatic uniform coot on with his Trinity House trousers —a sartorial sin which included omission and commission.
Mr. McDonald, speaking of his cure recently, says :
“1 have had no return of my, Ffljr Cashier (in restaurant) -"7 trouble up to the present and I am | Wftnt n holiday to recruit my health, not anxious for any. It Is with My beauty is beginning to fade." pleasure 1 Acknowledge that Dodd s Manager - "Why do you think so?" KP'nev Pills cured me. I found them Fair Cashier - "The men are be-iu«-t as rer resented, nnd they did ginning to count their change." for me fnr more than I expected they would."
«
We
S}
b w.ni her of faniil *# t* _
k Hi mg tor a| wh< le er «err time. furo eh ni ««chiée Mipaty he yara free ao< l at for (he wors me meat a.
D • f«oe no h n-han a $7 to $19 a wee* n »14
VOUM
io .he trek. Wnle al ei te fnr aartleola *
Nsu,e ref i
Blessrs. C. C. Richards & Co.
(iC tlcmcn,—My three children were
THE BLOOD
Austen Chamberlain is not the, first .on to mit in tho same cabinet I <:angeroubJy low with diphtheria. On
with his father. In 1856, nnd again the advice of our Pri<!st ray wi,e twin 1866, IvOrd I'erby, and him son, Lan tl.o use of MIMAIUI'S LINI-f-ord Stanley, were in the same cab- MtiNT, In two hours they were inct.	g ently relieved, nnd in five days
they were complete y well, and 1 firmly believe your valuable Lin*-li.eut saved the lives of my children.
I The blood is life. We derive from the blood life, power,» beauty,
Breeding Carriage i/orsefi—Stand- reason, an ard bred owners claim that their saying from
stallions will get good carriage healthy body. a fresh appearance,
French Officer’s Invention for SU- horse». Thi» is true to some extent and generally all the abilities
ent Artillery	but the Percentage is very email, possess uepend on that source of life.
-, r	. zc .SEbzf» .“tir'
i iv1 n.Ut, an ,n**nious	j desired action. He is best got in pure and normal as possible. Na- Mrs. Trubbks — "Doctor, can you
J t'i «>	, a J1 8 aSS,Crt,i V Wl tlle hackney or one of the coaching turc in its Infinite wisdom, has given do anything for my husband?" Doc-
y abolish sound, Hath, and breeds. Personally I prefer the Eng- ue a thermometer indicating tho tor "hat is the matter? ' Mr»
«wabash railroad
vith a series of short .tLnl rvlinrir^ thoroughbred stallion. This is ne- are generally a sign that the blood Is the great winter tourist route to for 140 years, and it hasn't an )ne end of these evil,,ders l»	,,nOe	CCFS0rv bec»ueo	the hackney	and	| Is	not in its normal state, but it	the south	and west, .ncluding	the eight-hour day yet.”
,r,L S d 1,0 ,^,e,y el	h„.	L,,s	con'hin* breeds	have not a	long	| Is	filled with noxious substances,	famous Hot Springs, Ark..	Old
. h, . ,n	_ L,C„.i Li , llh continued purity of breeding and 'I/hcsc symptoms deserve our full at- Mexico, the Egypt of America, Texas
,	.	r tut ° 8	,,1V hir*ct so have not that prepotency which ten»ion. If more attention were paid *nd California, the lands of sun. ‘ '11 . Ur>,0rc, ? J	uiiü I	tho thoroughbred	stallion, for	in-	! to	these symptoms, and steps taken	shine and	flowers. Your particular
‘Vs a/ nP Vr? m inC tU	, U i	ll.18	starco, has. They	cannot, therefore,	to	remove them, then many illnesses	attention	is called to the fact	that
*	. '.	n< n a 8crcw P l,f	, n"	like tho thoroughbred impress their	from which we suffer would become	passengers gob g via Detroit
e ' and	a arc pressed into	close	individuality upon colts from mares -	Unknown.	and the human body	over the Wabash, reach their
•vul	.......	of coarse type and cold blood. Kiln- would become stronger and healthier. Hnation hours in advance of
c is thus divided into a | wick Fircaway, the hackney you : Attention therefore should be paid ,incs- The new and elegant train»
°	^,u ^Fartments	com-	hllV0 hero sliould be able, if intelli-	to those	warning signs, and tho	on thc Wabash are the finest in this
‘I, 'unifhn^	h4,‘f* b»°rt ?f nhtLgi,,n	Kent,y mated, to produce good type ;	blood can	be purified and poisonous	countrY* everything is first class in
f4“ r- f rFrlr	;r.rr sw "C: ="=. m
: - - « won ns the shot clears tho muzzle turul gait is R gallop or run . he	J_4	Hon about this wonderful railroad
srusr, s ;r.s zsrz - "z ,r,	raE ,,ole of ufe- , .rsBL&rwas
lose projectile is clear of the en- th(, ’Worj(i	Rodney — "Will Sydney succeed Passenger agent, northeast corner
vzxA’ss.TPSi.'Z	^ r Sttawr' — -
icss is repeated from oae company can only 1h! correctly applied to Pretending to be somebody ever since
tient after another, with the result the English thoroughbred racing 1 vc knoWn hlm	"What sort of a girl is she?” "Oh,
nit t o pas has grne ual y more ^orgc or his pure bred descendant.	she is a miss with a mission." "And
K-HSii r* LW"tfLi»'“***« — " T * “ ",h *
|p^SE3
““i	sr-ar“-“mejhsk te. S-Æ ss arva	H ÏÏSra
r,. ru-s —• •	- ÉSH
5„.rr„™d.,d” pr5 ; *11'$ mi «es cor» m tois.
.	. ...	... .‘ofay It le his thoroughbred an-	---- York, Detroit and Chicago, will find 30 Years In the Fur Trade
rose or crying babies ore either oestry which gives his	A rain-drop one twenty-fifth of an the day trains equipped with wide In Toronto.
M" *»i in pain, and make rw r vo > FOI UAC.h AND ENDURANCE. | inch in diameter cannot fall at any vcstibuled coaches, handsome Cafe In tho house miserable. Healthy Saddle Horses —As above indicat- ! greater speed than 13 feet in a sec- Parlor and Dining Cars serving billies are always happy I1 a hie®, and 1 ed saddlers can best be got by the ond. Rain-drops rarely exceed one- ' meals "a la carte." The night all little ones can be kept both us© of a thoroughbred stallion, j eighth of an inch in diameter.	trains carry Pullman sleeping cars to
healthy and happy by thc occasional | Marc of strong conformation should	- #j| above points. You can leavi
use of Baby's Own Tablets. If your j be chosen. Strength of loin and SOUTH VIA WASHINGTON. Toronto for Montreal and cast at little one is cross, giviWiim a Tab- quarter is an all-important necessity Philadelphia Atlantic Citv R»itt- • a. m. and 10 p. m. for Buffalo and let and see how quickly it will work in a saddler. A good general pur-	Washington Old Point C'nm- Kew York at 9 a- m » 4 50 ond 6.151 1
a change for the better. Blrs. W. pose mare can bo used and will L t . \h sout'h vin r^hiirh v«i. F* m- and to Detroit and Chicago at JVI M. Austin. Farmington, N.S., rays • give saddle horses for heavy weight . Railroad and	mnnttinM T 85 a. m., 4.60 p. m. and 11.20 p.1
—"Baby's Own Tablets arc Just riding more surely than marcs of ,/ f t	train» daiiv KI Tickets, reservations, etc., at
what every mother needs when her i finer breeding. Good saddlers are lv--h,t1_f.tl A.imviiin ^®fty ofDce, northwest corner King Httlo ones are cutting their teeth, perhaps tho most difficult horses to- pinF< rinrtortnn	t I •®d Y’onge streets.
TZX. rrÆ «T tavz “ÆIÎL “ HkH
*js-‘ p s, f r p ^ - biKra	c
opiate nor any poisonous drug, and now on the Island a good many Uioy will promptly cure all the mares that would.mate well with minor ailments of little ones. Sold the thoroughbred and hackney or by druggists or sent by mail post coaching stallions. I would not use paid, at 25 cents a box, by Writing I a coarse or cold blooded mare, but
direct to the Dr. Williams' Medicine | would endeavor to get one with	Others	besides	Dogberry	have been
Co.,‘Brockville. Ont., or Schcncc- standard bred or other warm	ambitious	to	be	"writ down" in
blood. As a general	a good character.
driving marc will cross well with a hackney. If Government of horses, such ns is carried on Quebec, could be carried out free | keys in camp from political Intrigue it would be a good thing in any country horse men have, however, the whole I question in their own hands \ the
The Dominion Knitting Co.,
Dept. B. TORONTO, ONT.
and
the doctors have been time immemorial. A
NO SOUND OR FLASH.
W*e want le.ooo Turkeys,
Turkeys I Geese Ducks $
. I	* We «1»°
Chickens f sas-
Dawson Commission Co., u*ite<
TORONTO.
2 OOO
y u e e s e, 2,000 W Ducks, & *0,000 E Chickens to fill y our orders.
% you have any it , will pay you to ship us*
we
Millard's Liniment fines Eiphlhsria
1
as
If
Gratefully yours, ADELBERT LEFEBVRE, Mnir's Mills, June 10th, 1899.
Worrying
i •
about
V
• #
Music
Teachers si£’ST-
WANTED
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE.
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
nnd
do-
other
WHALEY, BOYCE
8 CO., Hatted
158 Yoote VrW,
TORON r^s ONT.
356 Main Street, WINNIPEG, MAN.
tho tee*h. Ewe*t#m# the hrMt®. •trenythem the gvme
STAMMERERS. WATCH
FOR
$2 35
The Arnott Institute, Berlin, Ont., fr W, J. arnolt. FnperintendenL We iivbi the c*a-e— not »imply the hebiL and therefore pro. dueo '«inti speech. Write for particular».
Send for foil particular!. Add re*#
Dept. B, VIM SUPPLY DO.,
Hamilton, Cm
Dominion Line Steamship»
town.
I
!
I
is the most important consideration to a Depositor. Other inducements are of secondary importance. On this basis we can with the utmost confidence solicit your account.
I). U. Bastedo & Co.
MOTHERLY ADVICE.
To Mothers Who Have Cross or
Sickly Babies.
Manufaotureis of Fur* !
of every kind.
f#R UDiir AND MEN'S WEAR.
Send fur Cat alt g
Merchant# will tlrd it pay to eort
up W ih ue.
reiUTLS. Ship by «xorram
lend fer Me. Ust.
fanadâ permanent
V *ND WESTERN CANADA
Mortgage Corporation




We
ru

TH E LAST SHOT
A transit of Venus occurs only
It is most

CRDBVt AT CEO*. WE GUARANTEE ALL CCODS TO ARRIVE AT DESTINATION ON ON BEFORE XMAS EVE.
This $8.00 Morris Chair
4f
B. Lewis, CanacVnn Passenger Agent, | the sun 88 Yongo street, Toronto, Out.
V
Packed Free and Freight Paid,

M ADMIRABLE MB#
Vi
JUST ONE.
;
Adjustable to four positions, spring scats, bolstered In the best monarch Velours, golden oak or mahogany finished frames. This is the biggest bargain ever offered in Canada in Morris ir#0gg u
olive and terra cotta. Remit by either P. <3 money order, express order or registered letter
up.

indy, N Y.
i
IT NEALIX
FBE MAINTAINING
Upholstered in blue
brown, crimson,
A South African Constabulary inspection I commander wrote to a local troop in officer, asking if there were any don-
COCOA
The magnitude of tho Been rial, the great Spanish palace, may be inferred from the fact that it would take four days to go through all the rooms nnd apartments, the length of the wav being reckoned at 120
English ones.

Tho reply came. In thc troop offi-Thc cer's hand-writing:
"Yes, one — R. H. Symes, captain." i
THE DUFFETT FURNITURE CO.,

LIMITED.
341 rowel STRUT and t, 4, * «. 10 and It COULD STREET, TORMTO.
W. P. C. 1168.

###PAGE###8###


# %

*. Vx..
MX


• • •»




"	4. -



!
Nice Xmas Gifts

E. HODGINS & SON’S ADVT.

Can be picked up in a Shoe Store
Almost every man, young and old, lias bought Suits repeatedly from us. What there is in our line for them is also in it for you. We are the only .tailoring establishment in town.
Take a look at it





: skoeint is

one of the
If you get among the pvppvt easiest things in the world to get something suitable and serviceable and something that will ha appreciated by everybody. A pair of Slippers make an excellent present for Father or Mother, your Brother o" Sister, or some other person’s
bout a Neat, Dressy pair of Shoes or Boots, or a pair of good warm Gloves or Mitts would make a very acceptable gift in weather as cold as this. It is no trouble to get something to suit everybody and for very little money at
1902 XMAS 1902

• sales show a subIn 1001 we did
, <•
Every season out
per cent, more than any previous year, and so far, our increase for 1002 is break-
i i>
1
Brother or Sister : or. what
!

Wo extend a hearty welcome to anyone who visits our store during the rest of this month. The holiday rush is on but we will try to serve
our customers well.

ing all previous records.
\
Yours truly,

A. B. McGUIRE,

The Boot & Shoe Store
M. STEWART, - Shawville.
ASK FOR ONE OF OUR CALENDARS.
We have our regular stock of Xmas Groceries and Holiday Goods, and in addition we have several lines of goods which we offer at
Bargain Prices, as below.
The Tailor.
9
t
The Christmas Spirit
THE FAVORITE
MENS’ FALL CAPS good value at 50c. for 25c.
KIDD MITTS and GLOVES $1.00 “	75c.
LADIES’ WINTER BLOUSES
Is Abroad
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
41
3 »
50c.
76c. “ 50c. “ 25c. “
1
35c.
It
II
II
A BIG STOCK NOW ON IIANI)
10c.
AT
GENT’S and BOYS’ TIES
All our Holiday Stock is now opened out and in readiness for the fray, and special values will prevail during the next three weeks.

WAINMAN’S.
also
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
We are reducing our prices on all Furs left in
stock. Get our prices before buying.
We extend a cordial invitation to everybody to visit our Store during the Festive Season.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
A full line of Stove Furnishings,
HOGGINS & SON.
E.
We desire to e xpress our thanks to everybody for the liberal patronage bestowed since opening up business.
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
G. E. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
?. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
Wishing one and all a very Merry Xmas and Happy New Year, wo are yours to serve,
A Pointer Desirab^rF7alp;operty



1
*****
\d
TREES! ^ TREES! TREES!
The undersigned detdres to sell tl,n undermentioned farm property, situated in the Township of Linhiield, two miles from the village of Bryson, and intersected by both loads leading to Portage dn Tort and Shawville
North West Half of Lot No. 20, in the first Range containing 100 acres, with eight room dwelling house, large kitchen, and all necessary outbuildings ;
Also. South East half of Lot No. WO. same range, containing 100 acres, and having thereon small dwelling house with all necessary out buildings ;
Also South East Half of Lot No. 21 in same range, consisting principally of bash land.
If you are engaged in anv kind of business you make a mistake if you do not invest a dollar or two with
m
T. W. WILSON & GO.
YVe want men
That’s our business, to sell TREES oi all varieties, fruit and ornamental.
We are looking for a few hustlers. Are you one ? If so, get our terms,
CHASE BROTHERS COMPANY
Nurserymen,
COLBORMfl. - ONT. —
1,600 pounds lor • ton, fay of coal or hay, or 150 pounds for a
...	_	,	..	.. ..	», bairell of flour? I uudenUnd it is not,
Minster Buck, representing the nltfld and that a* a general rule, the lawful States at Tvkio, Japan is dead.
General News.

weights and measures in regard to these Twelve men are missing and twenty articles are respected. Now take wood.
| were injured as the result of explosions if you buy 1,000 feet of lumber you get eoun. Smiley and resolved that the Sec- on a steamer in San Francisco harbor, the exaoi quantity and no more or no retary notify Road Inspector Jones to Benjamine Full, of Chicago, while leas; but in|iegsrd to fire wood which is Dec. 13.—Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Roy that effect.	j drunk, shot and killed • woman he sus- of the greatest necessity in this climate,
arrived home from Warren on Tuesday. Moved by eoun. Taber, see. by coun. ,	^ ^ having stolen $8 from him. the.c is ai u'ter disregard to legal
The drawing of supplies for the lum- Morns and resolved that the t ouncil ad , ^ Minto is expected to open the treasure and as a general rule no one
rL15	....... : 5*5	b“-1"	""
BPS	....
procure 25 cedar posts, not leas than five haity. Venezuela thus far maintains an matter Up anj deil with it squarely. If inches at the small end and eight feet attitude of defiance, ’n the hope that the g baker sells bread light in weight be is long, and wire sufficient to make an ! neighboring republics, including the finod and hii load confiscated; a farmer
8-wire fence around the lot oa which the VoitedS’a’ee, will join issue with her in *ho eells potatoes by the bag short in
town hall is built, and that the work be I the struggle. But it >« scarce.y likely meâeure je dealt with in the ssme way. done at once ; also that the present posts ! that Vncle 8am will take a hand in a co*l merchant who sells under weight
be used inside of the wire fence about ; helping the little republic to carry out its fined and characterized as dishoncs1, three feet leaving at least three feet j bunco game.	but the wood dealer respect* no law of
Minutes of regular session of the Mu- above ground, with an ash pole securely	measurement other than his own and he
nicipal Council of Bristol, held in the spiked on top to fasten homes to.	Mad Mullah waa Assassinated never errs in favor cf the buyer.—Justice
town hall on Monday the 1st day of Dec Moved bv coun. Smiley sec. by coun	—	j The injustice complained of by the
ember, 1902. Present, Mayor Lucas and Morns and resolved t.iat the ouncil j while praying tub romaliland RRbkl citizen correspondent, does not exist only Councillors Smiley, Henderson, Ireland, enM)‘°.V Mr. letreau, notary, to ser\e a lbapkk received a treacherous blow, m the city of Ottawa. There are others,
Morris and Taber.	protest upm, Duncan Campbell to secure !	---‘	and Shawville can be fairly counted
Minutes of last meeting read. Moved	a h-uiiuiaiy between lot II, range	four	Aden, Arabia, Dec. 11.—A	rumor Las	among the uuniber. Our experience is
by coun. Morris and resolved that the	^od .the nth concession line road ;	and	reached here of the assassination of the	that 72 per esnt of the stove w« oi that
minutes as read he adopted	, Rain noth. I. L. *V, is hereby | &ftd Mullah in Somaland. The report finds i s way into our yard does not come
Account of Patrick Cooney, to 00, for	thosvn the surveyor to establish the	line,	I wea brought to the coast by a native run	up to ?hestrndard length of two feet —
repairing Ragged Chute bridge, laid be	H,l ‘ *mnt Mr. («umLIe be i	d '	nerfrom<!arroro, via Berber#.	I he Mul-	much of it is iess than twenty inches
fore the board. Moved by toun. Taber attend to t.ia matter:	lah is said to have been killed by a spear Jong. Aud we may safely say that this is
sec. by coun. Smiley and resol veil tlia* Moved l>y coun In >- r, sec. by cmin thrust in the stomach, inflicted while he the experence of most of our citizens who ,	.
said account Ire paid forthwith.	Henderson and resolved that the '“«low-. wa„ praying.	tuy wood otherwise than by specetic con-	H OtlCCe
Moved by coun. Ireland, sec. by coun. m,: list <.f :amis bo forwarded to the < o.	- tract. It is beginning to look as if the	-	1 <|RCentswrifor tbrwmonibfaembmfcin
Henderson and resolved that Win. Em ,'f'r«'tarv to boM fer unpaid taxes ; Hwji Mast mined Abdu’lah, the Mail office of public wood messurer will soon The annual meeting of the members of ¦ awEsch member receiweitbeoffloial club organ
EEÉEH5	....
9, work to be done as soon as roads are	J.”nK*: . . . in ,, 0	cently became a dominant factor in	the	report of the present year,	and elect a	I L	*"***#2**
in condition to draw the stone, and that	A >> half of the N L half of 10, Hge 3.	mi];tary and political situation of	the	B'ockenridge s general store and house»	| Board of Diractora foi	1!MJ«. A meeting of	I SS.r>< n tfuiLïÏm.YeLwSCs J?rh
he >>e paid twelve dollars for the work.	^ half Jofc 10’ JUo8c	I Protectorate of Somsl land, by forcing	the	Aylmer, were totally destroyed by Are	Director*, will beheld	in the	forenoon of	Mim-au™.
TMoved by coun. Taber sec by coun	Moved hy coun. Smiley sec. hy coun.	j neighboring tribes into allegiance.	last Wednesday night. L ss about $3,	p r n?10 ° ^	Te
Smiley and resolved that T. A. On* be Ireland and resolved that the Council ad-j	m	000,	^ * Sec. Tress.	'
2®SSite	jzzz. » jgssffssfcçNï^ss
mad on the 7th range, on lot one, that it Liptoo F new challenger, Shamrock . bread by the loef, or po etoee by the beg	tiiïî1®	Tu!'V A ,Dre ^rvd ^ oAlih,re HoF. 11-8 year eld
be laid out ae near as pose ble to the sum HI. had a narrow escape from being or bushel, under standard weight; to give Parr, the Englishman, defeated C*<m- ; J. i ™nh	r# uioraSf witVhtii	ïî*0” l3?We lnte*dinff purches»
»er rood, on mid lot one, range 7.	burned by a fire that partially demroyed ! 10 to 12 ounces for a pound; te give 25 to thier, the Caned ianch.mp,on, in a wreell- Lfton	insides removed, with hidm era apply at once
Moved by coun. Henderson sec. by tbe Dunbarton shipbuilding yards. I 30 inches for a yud; to give 1,500 or mg match at Montreal.	I Shawville, Dee. 11, Wtt. H. TUBER	Let 29th, BihR* » wiindgs
On the above three lot* there are ut>out 75 acres cleared. The property is well watered (partly hy the Ottawa river), and is well adapted for dairy purpoaes. The owner's reason for selling la lOncas in his family.
For terms and particulars apply to
J. H. CHAPMAN,
Bryson, Que.
Otter Lake and Leslie.
The Printer



to show people what you are doing.
Farm for Sale.

Being lot part of No. 12 on the 2nd range of Clarendon, containing 150 acres, mon* or less, of elegant loamy land, 115 acres ol which are cleared and stumped and in a good state of cultivation. There are 40 plowed, 10 acres to plow aud remainder in hay and pasture. The cleared land is entirely free from stone, well fenced and well watered. This farm is situated i miles from Shaw ville, 6 from Portage du Fort and 6 from Bristol Comers, and has erected thereon a good, well finished dwelling house, large frame and log barns, 4 span stable, large cow shed, stone milk house, 30-foot woodshed, 40-foot carriage hhed and all ot her necessary outbuilding . Clear title can be given. For terms and all other information apply to the owner
on the premises or hy letter to Shawville
V O.	WM H. COTIE,

acres
Dr.
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements,
Cards, Ac.
at moderate cost and do the work well. Try a sample order.
ham Friday.
Mr. 0. Desjardins went to the East Branch Friday, re urning Saturday.
Messrs John Robertson. Gusty Kluke and Bernard Dorchick were at Shawville Friday.
i
Bristol Council.



Owner.

SAVE MONEY
7}y JOINING Zbe
MUTUAL LITtita MUSIC CLUB
The Equity.

OF AMERICA
:
Pres.
Far Sale

• :




#»"	-	. i




