###PAGE###1###

,r . p



No. 4. —19th Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, JULY 18, 1901
11.00 A Yeah
I
in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
locals that pay.
MhV!!®yr,'.’P 1,1 M ftn.l Pd rent rin.». a!
iitjj n (iru(.it*rv
•f. If. Shaw .sells t
n^rnembei the old stand.

Buy your Twine* aiJ. If. Shaw's.
A nice assortment of fresh vegetable» at Hie Palace Grocery.
For the latest style of photos go to I mi

Head Office? .. .. Capful euhenrtbad Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA, CAÜADA
. ........
......... 1 ,##3,940
.......... 1,060,456,
4
OP CANADA.

Splendid Results.
he beet Twine, r we ore still takin
tot
Boanl of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., Preside,it. George Bay, isq., Vice-President.
Ron. tiso. Barsov, Js Alex. Fha**h. Em)
hotos at
& Smhj7ftn(* Shingle* for «ale.-Smart
hk ?
eon
CAPITAL - -
FUND,
- $6,000,000.	6ml	«ymp nt Un
- 2,600,000. I rf"-'ognire<i on all hand's !i? 'y reli^ I .	" Ha| I'--Tw.. good Work horser
¦M-1 anil effort Ive remedy for Diarrhoea, AM'v to Alf • Howard Bhawvllle.
iS&Ss^^^l^ig^Sîïsiïw
Our big Discount Sale a great success. Goods moving out at a lively rate. The purchasing public appreciate such bargains as we are giving, and we are thankful for a large and increasing trade, and to express our appreciation we will for a short time do still better for all who may favor us with their patronage.
Head Office, • Montreal.
OEOROKPUR* 1). M. FINK IE
General Manager .. .. Manager,
Braofhe* ?
IN ONTARIO;
Keewatin. Kempt vile,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
Thk Dnuu Stork.
Ml AHVILLE BRANCH, I Hr. Stack hone, Surgeon Dentist, wifi I Kro~li Coffee the best brands (da, a and
Money loened on approved eeenrlty «11 OTOnth ; Cam", 1*11% Bay\he second ; p!,rt I Jmcery, Shawvlfl'"'	"""
Coulonge the third ; and Shaw ville the fourth week.
Alexandria, A rn prior, Aronmore, Brace bridge,
Carleton
Lanark,
Parry Hound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Wiofhcater, do BankSt. Renfrew do Rideau St. Toronto,
e
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parte of the world
îhNDiR I wink-fhere in none better Mian I lymouth special
bhftw'H.
do
For rale at
1” ve,
Hawkosbury, Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA l
Hsvmg an office fitted with the latest | pn(,,.i1(.P „	,	,
Aem„. .p.^,	W ... ^ | ^
»nd l,P'T"rd" »nd mtere.1 al'owed.	" DruKStorc- Arnprior. you buy® '/hHetvhUndlSït fo^safe^by
omce Hocm . . II a.*. TO î r.n.	Tfc	.	Smart & Smith.
Hatcrd/ys . . . ioam. to 1 p. M. hxcuiM.m > \ ancouvor, Seattle, etc. J Sec the V nit e I .Stole» Cream Separate*
F A. PARK Bit, going .July 4'h to J2th, returning up to before you buy. Lightest running, clt an Manager. A'Jg- #*Ufc. Firet cl une from Arnprior, s*™*mvr, and does moat work for the
165.60, 60 day» excursionh to Manitoba *,r,ce' McKak & McGuire, Khawrille.
and North-West, Ruing July Jflth to 23rd. Don't deceive yourself. If you are about
To Manitoba and Return, $28.00. All t° purchase an enlargement, why not come
information J. R. Tierney, Ry. and 8 8 wl!, rt> >ou ean get full a a) tie for y
agent, Arnprior, Ont. *	,v;e. grantee our work and don
U4K >ou to take it if fourni unsatisfactory
*	II. Imihon.
SAVINGS BANK
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie
IN QUEBEC;
,	Hull,
Bluwlnlgan Falls
Agents In Canada, New York and Chicago— Hank of Montreal.
Agents in 8t. Paul—Merchants Nat. Bank. Agente in London, E tig.—Parr's Punk Ltd,
Montreal
La-.-hute
On Wednesday, June 26th, and for following teq days we will offer the following lines :
Clothing Dress Goods,
Dress Ginghams Muslins,
Felt and Straw Hats,
Tweeds,
LQCAL NEWS.
#
LOCAL NEWS.
our
A second hand Noxon Binder will Ik* given in exchange for a horse. Apply to Alf. Howard, agent, Shaw ville.
Our thanks arc due to the Minister of Agriculture for a copy of the Year Hook of Canada for 1900.
At Chapeau, on June 2:) h, by the Rev, Father Leduc, Mias Maria Kennedy, daughter ot Mr. .James Kennedy, to Thoe. K. McCool of Chichester.
Quyon merchants have agreed to close their stores ou Monday, Wednesday and
Messrs. McRae & McGuire, agents for the David Maxwell Sons machinery, Il WÊ
have also taken the agency for the im I Fatal Runaway Aoid&nt. — A very
proved Un ted States Cream Separator, pad fatality occurred on Saturday morn- Tripple Drowning Accident, claimed to be one of the beat machines tog last in the neighborhood of the Pres-	_
k,;„, «*,---b "z tts&K: Ei,;™'"	*?• —ss	„:;;:rJc Sr: 5$
The present ih » very htuiy time with oar plated move wifi prove* profitable one,	TJf u?ldf I on<= "f ‘ho bodies was stripped and two
local machine .agents, in consequence of » and there is no doubt]the flourishing town *1	‘ i , •• lm j .	in their clothing, it is supposed that
the approaching harvest time.	of Pembroke will afford a wider scope Lv	' 2' *,lV?red hl" ll ,tld ftt thc j the one who was naked went in to bathe
Mr. John Ingram, of ADer.a, took a f,,r hi" journalistic capabilities. • wb* tll„ nccident te%)"wbicR: "he 'tW S*" T jntw dW* couple of car-loads of young cattle from Ikductiok.—The induction of the denly terminated his young life. Just	lb- br,	^
^ M.'nay ^	^ ^
Mr. * It. 0. Hodgins has commenced wiU tako jllace at the Masonic Hall, on road, accompanied by Kddie Wallace, of the work of building a new factory on a Tuesday, July 23rd, at 2 o’clock p. m. Clarke’s Station, a boy about his own age, plot of ground some distance west of the Several prominent ministers will be pre- when they were overtaken by a wedding old site. The new building will be of Kent an<* toke part in the services.	party on their way to Portage du Port,
brick.	I Immediately after the induction a It is alleged thc weddingers nought to
Lawn Social will be held on the grounds pass Richardson when his horses started In round numbers about 300 wheeled I of Mrs. Shaw, to which a cordial invita to run, and had only gone a vhfrt dis-rigs of all kinds have been brought in tion is extended to every one.	tance when the pole of the milk wagon
£ «-art •—d	sssns &&cL%
country-	the case of the abandonment and death	I T h ï grf£ foro?	he al^htLed
The Presbyterian Lawn Social of Bris- of the Assyrian woman’s child, r n- ,s 1 i,on	the roadside	near the church
tol held on the 6th inst., was a decided stable Elliott received instructions ", * ’	. a. e eseaiwd from t ie
snccess, notwithstanding the unfavorable from the Coroner to hold in custody	'no11	distance
weather. Over 200 were present, and the Assyrian girl who accompanied I Jr /r on\ TV* Wl“1Bm <,ran|* who about fbO were realized..	the woman oh an accessory to the	îttH.( IIU,M^.	,e“in<^'» witnessed the acci-
•	crime. Prior to the receipt of these	• nt> ^	°”°® went	the aid of the
Our citizens will please remember the instructions, however, the girl was liber-	^ u % motionless where he ,	Clrrandon Frhnnl»
rowing to Hudgins Hall on Thursday a'ed, and was some fivemil* out of K***?11*?' Mr. -*lood, who lives near	wnrandon Schools.
evening, this week, to discuss the fire town, when the arm of the law overtook 17* hurried to the scene and assisted	Khiwvill.» ifitH ï„lv mm
spite»
greatly from the	great	heat	and drought,	j The Twelfth.—The anniversary of ceased s father’s house and inferred at ^uph, that Robert Smart be and is
, the Battle of the Boyne ra pretty gen-1 North Clarendon cemetery on the follow- | l1('re|l> appointed chairman "of this board A report reached Bryson on	Satur-	orally celebrated by the Orangeman of	ing	Sunday ovenini-	>	for the ensuing lerm.-Carried umtn-
dayof the accidental shooting	of one	the coun y on Friday last, although no	The sad event hae	casta	doom over I in’0UR,y ,
b;	AMMSAaAiia lanvevgWA
parties or other particulars of the acci-1 were three points of meeting in the	the	distressing circumstances	3	minutes of last meeting as now read,	be
dent have not reached us as yet. *	county, namely, Green Lake, Clarendon	®__ and are hereby confirmed.—Carried
ÏSETST!TJSWa	^ « «.'liftSSSiE
forms us that out of recent shimneats Hedges met together, besides a large	L«&ke,	Stc. Treas., and tliat the ‘•aid fas» \N ilson
made at Campbell's Bay and here, one numher of non-members and young peo-	_ ;iaH elected S hoql Commissi-
gathering, which was probably the lar- | e n,airiae:e °* two °f Leslies most to law. That the said Sue. Treas., has Mr. F.	G.	and	M	e,	Hodgins returned	gesfc of all, although of a decidedly non- R°PU j*r Joun8 people, viz : Miss Bella offered the name of Henry Best Hodgins
from the Pan-American Exposition on demonstrative character. The event was * tl	.ol ®*r. Robert Quaile, | Esq. be and is hereby accepted, aa surety
Wednesday evening last. Mr. H. speaks of favored with particularly fine weather- , »,	Angus Moore, only son for the said Sec. Treas., in the room and
the Exposition as being very good and of *ho real hay making variety.	(! ‘ *Ie. ' , merchant. 1 lie floral stead of the said James \\ ilson Esq.—Car
a very exten.ive character, although	_____ decorations in the ehurch was profuae tied.
some of the exhibits are not yet in posi-	ppponv a t	,m<! 1,1 excellent taste, especially the
tion, for instance those of Mexico. 1	PERSONAL.	larch.
)
)

!
At a discount of 20 per cent
This means 20 cents saved on every dollar;
$2.00 saved on every $10.00 you spend here.
We offer you nothing but new goods, and if our prices are not satisfactory you not obliged to buy. Come and see us.
i
pter ! Litchfield School No. 1 Grade IV
Eades 2, Harold Thom cm 3 Grade III. Bertha Metcalfe 1, Willie Smith 2, E-'siti McLelJan, 3. Grade II.—Clara Maclean 1, James Lawn 2, George A. Thomson, 3. Primer II.—Gerald Maclean I, Maggie Smith 2, Lila Lu man 3. Primer I.- Maud Metcalfe 1, Thomas Smith 2, Robert Cole 3. Conduct.— Susan Lawn 1, Winnie Maclean 2, John Moorhead 3 Lila Lunam 1.
Susan Lawn 1, Willie
This is worth your consideration.
are
on
Attendance.—

H. McKillop, Teacher
J. H. SHAW
. 8.-Some big bargains in BootsXnd Shoes.
P
%
¦

A DIME SAVED
IS MADE.
You can save money by buying your INSECT DESTROYERS from us when you take into consideration “ QUALITY "
Moved by John Grant, sec-by Jan VVils n that Deputy Examiner Rev. Mr Johnston be paid his bill of $13.93,— Carried.
At t his juncture the Board adjourned. H. Matheson, Sec. Tress.

For instance here are a few things you may need now, and remember we sell only the best
g * P ®, The marriage	was
Messrs. Jacques and Hack land, of Ot- r’	*arker returned to by the Rev. Mr. Lu mm is, of Thorne
tawa, were here last week distributing 1 hawviile on Friday evening last.	West, assisted by Mr. Meyer, and at 2
advertising matter for the approaching Misa McEachren left for home Rock- 0 vlock P- m- lhc gooro, who was very Central Canada Exhibition. These gen- land, on Friday morning.	supported by Mr. Geo. Wilson,
tleinen informed The Equity that there .,	, f	, took their places under the arch, and
will be a fine list of special attractions this . . ^oxiord, of Jem broke, is visiting shortly after the charming bride accom-year, including a good programme of bis daughter, Mrs. Richard Mitchell at panied by her sister, Miss Mary Quai le running and trotting races, for which lib- Ureen LakVe	who made a most charming bridesmaid,
oral prizes will be offered	Mr. Macdonald, civil engineer of Ayl | ioinet* l^em at Hie	The wedding
««ill. «h . lit.ie .lu. « .ri..,	slï ri	“«"¦ wh“.,*%”;rrLXS
morning, which if it had not been dc- , 'ived Saturdav n% t bnd« in a hamlwme pale blue costume with
octed in the nick of time ni ght have	VLVt 101 silk and pearl trimmings. After the AU parties Indebted to me by note of
esuked very disastrously. The bl*%, Pttrent"' Mr' *ni1 «* Brownlee.	ceremony the invited guests accompanied ,hnnd ttre "Haired to call and settle the
originated in the roof of a small cools- Mr. Robert Brownlee and Mr. Mutt. ‘he newly married couple to the resid- W^ino” Af^SSat date ^n’notef’reV house attached to the rear of Elliott- Wallace were visiting their many friends en ce of the bride’s parents, where an maining unpaid will be handed into the Hodgins block, and was due to the in this sect on last week.	excellent repast was partaken of by over Merchants' Bank for collection,
covering corniug in too close contact with	T -	...	.	...	. a hundred, and in the evening there was	MRS. H. H. KNOX.
SSKbir - "—- Æ a:vJrw^’îtà b- rcr a tises
I-25îfc&r*c-> - SEE 4?Er3H
#	% a#-###
The Capitals of Ottawa defeated the Crescents of New York at the Pan.-Am. and thus won the champiomhip of
America.
Fly Pads
Paris Green
#
Insect Powder and Tanglefoot.
»
Notice to Debtors.
*
\ fx
Shaw ville, July 15,19M
*i
Public Meeting
%
PRESCRIPTIONS an d FAMILY RECIPES
receive our careful attention.
QUALITY THE BEST.
All property owner* and ratepayers of [the village of Shaw ville are hereby respectfully requested to meet at Hodgins' hall on Thursday evening, tjie 18th inst., at the hour of eight o'clock for the purpose of considering the question of providing a system of waterworks, or such other means of fire protection as is deemed most conducive to the safety of the corporation.
Am the matter is one of vegy great importance, I trust there will he a large attendance, the object being to get a thoroughly representative expression of opin ion from the tax payers of the corporation
john a. roxtiSe
Shaw ville, July 0, 19ÛI.	flayer
ed
Mit
THE DRUG STORE.
PURE DRUGS.


____k____

1 '_______
	
	
###PAGE###2###
I END or SOME VESSELS.
“I BEQUEATH MY SKULL.**
T —The following recipe for removing ??????? ?>*?><??•>•>•><*>•>??> fat cannot be fed Into milk
old paint or varnish is from n Uer* v	A	on full feed, giving say ÎIO lb*, o.
SÉ ¦!» m ««**
matic consideration as never before.	-- steamship* for gunboats than have decided the question. Instead of
Oranges In Sirup.—Peel six or Investigations are being backed up „JUNE„ VH “WINTER” FLAVOR now ones built. In fact, for some being annoyed nt such disrespect, the eight oranges very thinly, and ro with careful, practical experiments	..	, „.u Hepubllcs to pay for a gun-bout miser’s avarice got the better of his
movo all the pith; put the rind of in stable construction by men who I It Is not entirely that the cow. w|,nt the leading nations have to pride, and ho declared the writer three of the oranges into a gill of are thoroughly conversant with the are fed musty feed that gives the pay would practically moan their should be his heir, esteeming him water and boil 10 minutes; strain subject. A well-constructed up-to- butter that peculiar winter flavor, bankruptcy.	worthy	to	bo	his successor in parst-
tho water from the peel and add to date stable is a valuable and India- milk decreases the test as a rule. The Republic of Haytl Is using ns mony
it six ounces of loaf sugar; boll un- pensable acquisition to dairymen and anything that decreases the gun-boats two old steamships, which, John Heed was gasfittor of the til it is a thick sirup, then drop the who wish to conduct a profitable quantity of milk increases the test jn ycnrs gone by, were employed in Walnut Street Theatre In Philadol-quurtcrs of orange into it, taking business. The floor should in all as a rule. In night’s and mornings carrying the mails, passengers and phia. and filled the post for forty-care not to break the skin; cook for cases be made of cement and the bet- milk that drawn after the longest cargo between Liverpool ami West four years with a punctuality and a few minutes, when cold, servo in u ter and more thorough the foumln- I period tests less, the quant ity <• Indian ports. I hey were sold to the fidelity rarely equalled; there Is not glass dish with whipped cream deli- tion is constructed, the cheaper it milk is greater in this case. A Jlaytian Government by the English on record a single representation at cutely sweetened.	will bo in the end. Under no con- fresh cow's milk tests less than a steamship company which owned which he was not present, lie was
Veal With Macaroni —Mince up sidération can a stable be built pro- stripper’s; there is also more milk them. An Englishman had occasion somewhat of a character, and ap-cold veal with a slice of ham. a little pcrly with a storage room overhead.	The mold	spores and dust floating in	to be on one of them somo time ago.	pours to have had his mute
grated rind of lemon, a little salt It may bo connected with a barn and	the air	and falling into the milk	when he met the 1 resident of Muyti	billons. As ho never aspired, how-
ami a few spoonfuls of broth or silo at one end, but to be right it is pails and impregnating the warm (Hyppolito) on board.	?.\c‘! to aPP°ar on the stage in his
gravy. Simmer gently, taking care important that the construction be milk with the germs will produce But he noticed that very few alter- lifetime, ho imagined an ingenious that it does not boil. Servo it up- entirely separate. Building paper this objectionable flavor. And it at ions hud been made. A few cannon device for assuming a role in ono of on small squares of buttered toast, should be used both inside and out- has also been found that when the had been placed on either sic e of »o . hakespoaro’e plays after his do and surround it with a border of side of the studding, thus making n feeding is not done until after milk- two uppermost decks, and holes made cease. It was the skull of Ilamlet, macaroni, cooked without cheese. six-inch dead nir space. This paper tng the flavor of the butter is better for the mmith of t »o cannon o >e in- andI to this end he wrote a clans# A Summer Salad.—Three lettuces, mav bo protected with cheap or ex- than when the musty fodder is fed sorted. I hat was nil. lu ie n g- in his will thus: a good quantity of mustard and pensive boarding at the option of at or immediately before milking, ro crew and the commandant My bend to be separated from my cress some young radishes, boiled the builder. If the paper is euro- showing that Uic germ-laden air is thought the world of their battle body immediately after my death;
*¦¦¦¦
nr nnki-.l tisli mnv be added to the	nl]ri	one-half	feet above the	4	linn that sold two of their fleet to	to be neon to this day in the library
summer salad and arc extremely n°or- As R 8tnblc should, in no	r	the Haytlan Ilepublic. These two	of that building, as Eugene Arum *
'	case, provide for storage overhead,	tRRIAGE	Hepubllcs have never been on very skull Is daily seen and handled I*
Fruit I,,ices-Fruit juices are In- this ceiling may also he very light.	friendly terms. Up to fifteen years	York Uastle, England,
dispersible in families where summer U should also bo remembered that	  ago they had no gun-boats. Now
h„ on„ „„„loldttal.„„ropo,
«tings To ran these juices mash animals, it constitutes an ideal	Car For the King.	gunboat, which was formerly an old formalities required by the law of
the fruit and rub it through n sieve, breeding element for microbes. For	Edward's new continental steamship owned by a Liverpool wills were complied with it was lm«
To everv pint of the juice and pulp this reason, all walls; partition man- itf rnllwav carringe has just firm. An explosion occurred on material whether tho said will were
SÆ sra crjasx-ïï ssn -g— cu s&....	ss	r: jurs® «r& %
them and place In a kettle with suf- the lumber used about tho stable. t	in consequence of the spas-	able damage was done to the vessel,	on his door. Tho executors had,
ficient	cold	water	to about cover Tho value of fresh air has never.	fughlon in which tho work has	Yet .mother Republic possesses an	therefore, no choice but to have the
them	Bring	to	a	boil	slowly been brought forcefully to tho at- t	carried on It has been built	English steamship ns a gunboat—	door unscrewed from its hinges and
and boll half un hour Then fill tho tention of small dairymen because ! at the works of thc Compagnie (îen- j Nicaragua. For years this boat was carried Into court for probate bo-full, seal them and cool them in the ordinary loose-jointed farm i , do Construction at St. Denis, employed in carrying cargo between fore It could be administered .
building admits plenty of it. In r	, , thg order wns first	English and Central American ports	Not long ago there died In New
building warmer stables an attempt ,	,’jjC vchiclo was ordered for thc	before she was put to her present	York a gentleman, supposed to be
wns made to furnish sufficient air by i»rincc 0* Wales. Now that circum- use.	sane, who left tho following testa-
allowing a liberal amount of cubic stanccs »iavc decreed that thc car They wore, in each ease, bought men tory directions: feet per head of stock. Ideas wore giia|i he usetj bv the King the arms tor a few thousand dollars, and they "I bequeath all my fortune to my so liberal in this respect that many of lhc heir apparent have been le-j answer the purpose to which they nephews and nciccs seven in number; stables were built so large and with ! move<j ftn(j will be replaced by those nre Put* hut they look conn cal a ong- they are to shore it equally, and on such high ceilings that in practice ; 0f j j js Majesty. The royal coach Is sido a rval gunboat, they were found to bo cold, damp	to run very easily, and as soon
and unhealthy. Warmer buildings ns cc,tain changes have been made have shut out fresh nir and opened au(j the trial trips have given com-thc way to disease. As thc most ex- pietc satisfaction King Kdward's new pensive animals were naturally hous-j continental carriage will be pronoun-cd in expensive stables, tho impres- Ccd ready for its royal passenger. ! sion got abroad that thoroughbred i jn appearance it is much thc same stock contracted disease more read-las the ordinary wagon-lit car,
""" *— —' —-	1 w-vrsÆN-ss» " Ki-sSSvuk
ESüIlBiE
SUS
it weighs about thirty-seven tons. ““ncr or.. somK° l'mo ‘,r0V,o"s lo M	Tho royal compartments include	adoption by him
tinguish them, nor to tell what hen two bodrooms-onc for the King and lhilt ho 1,118 not becn nbl® uhva>"a to lays a certain egg. It is only within j mother for the Queen-two dressing Siye vogue to a style, lie once wore a few years that thc trap nest has ; rooms „ml a salon In tho centre. “ ki,ul of "clsl1 sugnr-Ioal hat which been invented, which makes possible There are in addition, two compart- laBtctl ,or on,y n fcw months and and easy the keeping of a record mcnt3 for personal attendants. Tho "ILS 1'evcr tl,kcn UP 10 nny le*be"1 with each hen.	| carriage is liberally decorated with rxvn ^ those most eager to imitate
The advantages of the trap nest handsome wood carving and plush | 1 ' ,nya' headgear. On the other are many. To the commercial poul- ftn(] leather trimmings. The ceilings 1,nn'1 mcn of distinction in life and Mut PnHfrpvJ tr-v keeper they enable him to sort ore artistic design, and arc through- JmMons have worn hats of a styl°
*	‘	. out tho non-layers of which there are out painted in light colors. In two 1 lut ,iev’*r adorned the head of thc
ip ssi MSmrnM
¦ÉHL.
all the dust from the curtains and	-- MILK VARIATIONS.	comes to few. Four years ago a vil- although it camo from a foreign and too a y	youth with ao
sæ ™ »» no»nD.	,r !«•/£,"a	srs	s-««-• '
times in the first six hours. Have n a miser named Bailly, aged seven- cenU\Ke °* f,lt milk, sometimes in	niture dealer’s advertisement offer- vailing Panama. His objection to
tubful of strong soapsuds to which ty years, has just died nt Evrcux, in cronsinS lt- 0,1,1 ,xt ()1hvv l,IP^ ^	ing a drawing-room suite to any the straw hat is founded on tho fact
has been added two tablespoonfuls of France. lie left a letter stating that! creasing it generally, increasing i couple that consented to be married that he has never had ono that was borax dissolved in boiling water. j)C died in extreme poverty, but his hy on^ nnfl soinetimes several m - publicly in his shop. They secured becoming to him.
Squeeze thc water from the curtains relatives did not believe tho state- inKs‘ ,ut n decrease in quality ioi-	tho Suito. Going on their wedding Another native style that he did	..
and put them in the suds. Let them inent, and set to work and searched I lows the gradual return to normal	trip an Ohio town they noticed a much to make popular in England Cheerfulness and sweet nos >
soak for twelve hours, then squeeze j his house. In the cellar, buried fn condition; and there is on the whole	ajmiiar advertisement there and re- Was the Glengarry bonnet which	ho	position are often as grea ¦	,
and sop them gently, pressing out old flower pots, they found $5,000; 11 considerable falling ofT in the total	peated tho performance. Then the frequently wears still. He	now	in trying situations as »nocii	,
the water. Put them into another hn a soldier’s pannikin, hidden in the production of milk and butter fat. idea struck the husband that he wears most frequently a brown bow- I actual ability. 1 he po ve suds and repeat the squeezing and 0jd man’s bedroom, they discovered These conditions are:	Rough treat- might arrange these matters himself, 1er hat. Thc cloth cap with flaps straining one’s temper under p ,
sopping. Next press out the suds $2,500; but their great haul was ment, exposure to rain and bad an(| jn two weeks lie had persuaded to be let down over the ears ho fail- cation of looking on the ong and put them into a clean tub; cover niadc in tho attic of the house, where weather, change of feed, change of 8jx dealers in various towns to emu- od to make popular and tho grey of things in discouraging ci them with boiling water and let they found, hidden under the roof milkers, rapidity of milking, unusual %ate the others. Nominally the derby in which ho still appears oo stanccs and of not construing them stand for an hour, then rinse and in crevices in the wall, money to excitement or sickness.	couple won a specified prize at each cosionally has few advocates.	fervnee of opinion into a per*,
in two clean waters. Fold them the value of $60.000. The old man The variations of the test can be	place, but they really received a	matter is one of those choice at
carefully and run through the wring- for years had lived on stale bread expressed in one general law. Any- cash consideration arranged before-	*-x-	ments whoso winsomeness men
Starch them and put them in he had begged and boiled horse-flesh, thing that increases the quantity of hand. So it lias gone on ever since.	most universally recognize,
frames, or if you have no frames	_	in this case. Excitement Increases The couple now claim to have becn
tack sheets on the carpet and stretch	—*	percentage of fat, but it also de- married 500 times
the curtains on these. Failing car- HIS REDEEMING POINT. creases the flow. When a cow is fed
"s- e s - —v *»-- z:	sz
perfectly straight and every point worry mra.	lowered Exception to any of these A pedlar has Just been thrown out
held in place by a pin. Do not	— +-¦ — ¦	ru]rH wlI| sometimes occur.	of the second story window by the
555 S--ÏÏ T TJSTS ...» ». ».»»
A com

%
Republics Which Use English Steamships as Gunboats.
*
o Wills That Greatly Surfeit»; cd the Legatees.
I HOME.

*

*
the paint to bo removed minutes, it is stated, thc paint will be so softened that it can be scraped or rubbed away.
*************
Tho
BABY’S DRESS IN HOT WEATHER
Thc superintendent of a large hospital tells how to dress a baby in the summer as follows:	A very
young infant must wear, even during the hottest weather, high neck and long sleeves, lightweight flannels; never use silk or cotton underwear for children, as it does not absorb the moisture. After the infant is six months old woolen gauze shirts may be worn with high neck and short sleeves for very hot weather. The flannel band should be worn until tho third month, then the knit ono till the child is at least three years old, and always a flannel petticoat. The little dresses may bo made of as thin material as desired, but should have long neck and long sleeves. Baby’s)/skin is exceedingly delicate and much suffering is caused by tho tender little neck and arms being burned from exposure to sun or wind.
Low socks, although pretty, are not at all advisable, especially in a changeable climate; even silk stockings arc preferable, but best, of all are cotton ones. Do not use sun-bonnets. they are so hot and uncomfortable; a dainty muslin cap or straw shade hat, if tho child is old enough to wear it, is much better and cooler. Slippers for children who walk about are also to be avoided. Many little ankles are turned and weakened by their use. Summer weight leather or kid shoes are to be preferred.
Do not delay too long putting on short clothes in summer. Even if baby is only three months old it is better to change from long to short during thc hot weather than to wait
till fall.
WITH TI1E COOK
nin-
th cm and
AN ECCENTRIC TESTATOR,
USEFUL HINTS
When n floor is inlaid and polish has gone thc best preparation for restoring it is ns follows:	half a
pound of yellow wax, four ounces oil of turpentine, one pint of linseed oil. Cut tho wax in bits and melt it in an old tomato can; add the oil and let it get hot. Remove from the fire and when barely warm, stir in the oil of turpentine. When used put a little on a woolen cloth and rub in; then rub with a dry cloth.
For ordinary unvarnished black walnut furniture, mix two tnble-


cans the water

BRITAIN IN DEBT TO HIM.

spoonfuls of sweet or linseed oil with a tablespoonful of turpentine. Rub on with a bst of flannel and rub dry with a larger piece.
Mixed spice for flavoring spice-
no account to go to law about, it, oi\ pain of forfeiting their respective shares.
Kept the Basutos From Taking
Fart in the War.
1 own seventy-one pairs of trousers, and I strictly enjoin my executors to hold n public sale at which these shall be sold to tho highest bidder and tho proceeds distributed to tho poor of the city. 1 desire that these garments shall in no way be examined or meddled with, but his bo disposed of ns they may be found
at the time of my death; and no one @ purchaser is to buy more than one w pair."
As thc testator had always been more or less eccentric in ids ways, no ono was much surprised at these singular clauses, which wore religiously observed. Tho sale was held and the seventy-one pairs of trouait is true era were sold to seventy-one different purchasers. One of these. In examining the pockets, discovered in a pocket, a packet of some sort, closely sewn up. He lost no time in cut- i ting tho thread, and was not a little surprised to find a bundle of bank notes representing $1,000. The news soon spread, and each of the others found himself possessed of a similar amount.
likewise
Not alone England, but • cookies or bread puddings is civilization, owes a deep debt of gra-mado by sifting together throe heap- titude to Sir Godfrey Lagden, to ing tablespoonfuls of ground ciima- whom alone belongs the credit for mon, one heaping tablespoonful each restraining the most war-like and of clove and mace and one measured best equipped native races in Afri-
| f m
already built whose South Africa. The Basutoe, in par-owners are not able to incur the ex- ticular, who are magnificent fellows pense necessary to make the cellar and splendidly armed, had a number proof against ground air, there is of old grudges to pay off against the one simple and easy preventative Boers, who have all along been dis-which everyone can apply; namely, tinguished for their maltreatment of to open the cellar windows every day the native races. The Da sut os could on opposite sides, so that a current not understand why they should not of air may pass beneath the house, be allowed to fight for their friends, This mixes thc ground nir with the the English, under whose protection atmospheric, blows it away, and they lived, against the Doers, whom prevents its entering the dwelling. they so abhorred, and it required all Lavender-scented sheets arc the do- tho tact, diplomacy, and persuasive light of dainty housewives, and it is powers of Sir Godfrey to hold them claimed that they induce sweet slum- back and to prevent them from tuk-bers. The odor is exceedingly fresh, ing part in the war. clean and wholesome, and old-fash- During the siege of Wepcner, when ionod housewives always scented the English garrison was so hard their linen and napery with sprigs of pressed, 7,000 armed Dasutos were the sweet flower. Italian orris root almost alongside the besiegers and is sometimes substituted for the lav- could have annihilated the Doers by ender if the laj^er cannot be procur- a single rush ed, but there je no reason why farmers' wives or any one who lias a plot of ground large enough for a vegetable or flower garden should not raise sufficient quantities of lavender and keep the linens deliciously fragrant.
« •
KING EDWARD AND HIS HATS
Fashions in Men’s Headgear For Which He Received the Credit.
even of allspice In houses
BREEDING POULTRY
I
The great difficulty in breeding -fowls where one wishes to breed from certain hens of the flock and to keep a pedigree of the fowls rais-j ed is to distinguish the eggs of each

lien
While every hen lays an egg that differs materially from any other it is not always an easy matter to dis-
?
HOW THEY MET
Bonnet Burleigh, the English war correspondent, is authority for tho following strange story:	One day
last autumn two officers, newly arrived from different parts of up-country, met at Cape Town. Rather lonely and a good deal bored, they scraped acquaintance and found one another agreeable. When the dinner-hour came they agreed to dine together.
Tho keen edge of appetites having been taken off by a good dinner, the senior officer became a trifle more ex* “Do you know," said he, "I rather like you, and there's something about you that seems familiar, as if we had met before. 1 am Major
S. of th
“Hello, are you	,	.
Lieutenant S.,—just joined,
ccr
THREE GOOD RECIPES
##
sold the other.












CHOICE ATTAINMENTS















er

SHOEBLACKS’ EARNINGS.
Some very remarkable statements
have been made by Mr. Bird, thc| PEERS AND PUBLIC-HOUSES superintendent of tho London Shoeblack Brigade, which celebrated its Jubilee recently. Mr. Bird said that one boy earned $41.15 last month.
It appears that many of the London shoeblacks earn over $10 a week.


A British Parliamentary return just issued shows tho number of

The world's hemp crop Is worth 10 millions. Made into rope it is valued at 30 millions.




The recent census of Malta give* tho total population, including troops, as 185.000, an increase in 1 ten years of about 8,000.


u.






###PAGE###3###
PAGE (S) A6ÎMEE (S)


NOTES AND COMMENTS.
FAMOUS HISTORIC DOORS.
a system of signals which will, it is expected, greatly reduce the
Ti has been much discussion of I dangers of the gulf. But many ship- I Relics of By-gone Days Which are late respecting a lecture of Lord Kol- P#ng men advocate further measures |	Eagerly Bought.
vin a i'i which ho expresses his alarm | *&*ure the safety of navigation in at tlio extravagant waste of
BRITISH IN' THE EIGHT.
BIGNESS OF LONDOS.
A Scandinavian Gives His Views | A City That Would Hold Canada's Population.
for breathing and that within a be surveyed. Though the ixpeuso of whl.ch separated that ill-starred mon- "T® hl» remarks: "No Uitlander	^ hu8 describcd our metro-
iü?s=
continued to furnish all the oxygon growth in South-western Manitoba whl*? •®rao ttWfuI memories cling. a',,rtune u,at all do mo There are There are nearly 2 000 miles of t !?oburt httd Sequent fits of irrita-
ztS?? ^ ““ z -	feè	SSS
P	have stored up vast quanti- except a little on Lake Manitoba ,1lQ authorities of the Carnavalet . .s;scd tt Government, and so unro- year. In Battersea alone them *,«. doub 0 postage. Ono morning, in
ties of carbon under the form of and the other lakes." But the re- Mus,;um» in i’aris, have in their poa LJ*ble a Population. The Transvaal seventy miles of streets	gtr‘ be ^ttve order' th“t such letters
combustion of vegetable matter, ern people have never had the repu- altered. Mr. W A. White particular-	characteristic of the Trans- oxcn and two and a half millions of arriving a ndnuW late "LthluJhW
îfrv	HEP2 E &&
balance sheet for our oxygen supply, abundance of work to keep them history, running back to the time 8pirits to Kaffirs was wrested from all the rents paid by tenants in | and ho reasons thus: Every square more than hustling. 1	when Good Queen Bess left her black- il\ T,h® Tran8vaa! Government did London were to be distributed even-[
. „ =
from vegetation, and since one ton babies havo como along singly four	AUU Vh UL OF BITS, Certainly not! I believe that the d^eUmg-place.	he been there to conduct his affairs
™-"!™ *'¦“* •»«.I™u.i^'.sr£Ts	n“' °r * Hsrih'M	t k,ss	„e„ s„, ,t„ tiz,
ions or oxygon, there cannot be on and normal. The thirty-seventh All possibility of preserving an in- England, wilt bo granted home rule, v ,	.......	. , find himself a beggar. He commit-
the globo more than B40 millions of c,llld WQS born a couple of weeks toresting relic had vanished forever I l,ut thcy will he obliged to acknowl- *ou vo ,l ncat llttle Wlfc» at borne, ted suicide a week later.
hHEHiHE
ply is at our disposition, since much knows of a record to beat this? " property	country can hold a candle to her. A As fo?u as ft ™lic Can be;	known. They and an American firm
,	*£«Sûps.rArArÆxfef- —«* —*• ».KÆa3ïMï%
... r»t....wwv	sr.vs?
M"““ “ inu=r M'M3- “	i5;m8	P ™;•«» *..«i
¦Up proper purpose.	j laugh when 1 hear of people in You believe she’s a brave, true help- lh® paf,çr8 in û black sr
Denmark sentimentally moved with	er,	( °bbett had a poor
accounts of Boer piety and singing And perhaps far more than you a4 U vcT °f anxiety he t of Psalms, etc. One must search	know,	1 8truct 1,13 plans fror
long and far after such systematic or It will lighten her end of the load, 1.t was impossible, a unconscious hypocrisy. The day will	John,	i the Russian Govern*
certainly come when Europe will Just kiss her and tell her so. time. 'Jhis was re' thank England for her work in	repudiated the c
South Africa."	| There’s a crossroad somewhere in ground of delay,
allowed. Cobbctt
work through in t	ud-
kee firm, who now a^.onced a cheap; cr tender with cut-nnd-dried plans,
The loss drove Cobbctt & Co. to bankruptcy, and the great Kaura bridge in Russia is Am-
ME mm BY TRIPLES
of the Boers
LITTLE THINGS THAT MAD» RICH MEN POOB.
ê
those waters
oxygen
Postage Stamp Buined British Iron King—-Other Curious Cases.
on account of the
an-
Government has for example a mon-
•	irnuiiuua.	f j	*f 1	dyn.unite industry, and Italians, ohu cicuuiuen in ix>
8= =î s Jrts
year round, will I one of its doors, but for some reason ed the prices
I «k mm a A Km a mm a Km « —.	- - J A. 1 _ —8	#	¦
never
morn-
>
tore his trousers
metre of the earth's surface supports on the average 10 tons of air, which contains about 2 tons of oxygen. As the surface of the earth is 510 millions of millions of
j
A LARGE FAMILY,
Salzburg, Austria, now puts In a ,	.	... daim for the record birth rate of
. lunrc metres, it single family. Johann Steiner, a
sum total of the former, married his wife, Martha,
disposition is 1020 I ninotcon years ago, when ho was 52
and she was 25
a
follows that the
oxygon at our millions of millions of tons this quantity must bo sufficient to
Since
¦



«
f '
was ac-
persons. Each one of us, then, has
com-
4i t
combustibles
amount when wo consider the annual expense of
» f
OVERTURNED AN INK

conclusion that the fuel supply of the world will bo exhausted within the next five centuries.
IIE WANTED IT KEPT QUIET
THE SIZE OF RAIN-DROPS

&
()ne <)f the officers in a cejtain vol- A painstaking meteorologist has These gloomy predictions are an- untcer regiment is much disliked by undertaken the laborious task of
swered by his French critic ns fol- | his mcn 0ne evening as he was re- measuring the dimensions of rainturning home he slipped into some drops. Ho finds that the large#* are
tions are but one of those jeux J meiit . however, happened Vse/lnm "^""000'lh%t, m.dld U, ' ""f''an mch','m d’esprit pleasing to learned men who | and after some trouble succeeded in | diameter
pulling him out. The officer



lows
In the first place the predic-
lifc, John,
Where a hand on a guiding stone Will signal one "over the river And the other must go on alone Should she reach the last milestone, Kot the job first, John,
'Twill be comfort amid your woe To know that while loving her here, crican-built
John,	Something similar, but still
, B. _	^ the summer ses- You kissed her and told her so. , romantic, was the moment of
sions of the General Medical Council,	______f______ gtlfulncss that wrecked the career
m REGULATION ATTIRE
matter. He held that as a result of The good spirits and good nature property and funds, ho had under-I the important services rendered to of soldiers are proverbial. They are taken the contract to build the Mai-the empire by the colonies, in the always ready for anything in the war line in Central India, and stak-South African war, it was high time	way of fun, and	even in	the	very	cd all he had.	Security was ncces-
to remove the impediment to the ad-	moment of death	they are	not	insen-	sary, however,	and he was bound to
mission of colonial surgeons to po- ®*ble to tt humorous situation, deliver by May 9, 1891, a sufficient sitions in the army. Several sur-	‘ Tommy Atkins"	has a sort of pon-, quantity of negotiable bonds, etc.,
geo ns of high standing in Canada	c-e**ous humor of	his own,	of	which	to cover loss,	by the railway syndi-
had applied to the War office but ^e. mny be not infrequently uncon- cate. The sum amounted to over their services could not be accepted, 8ci°us-	$10,000.000, and even Purbcck Jones
because the Medical Act of 1858 did Conan Doyle has told several good ( found it fiord to raise such a sum, ONE EXPLANATION.	I not permit a surgeon of colonial | stories of the lighter side of the war but fiis credit obtained it for him,
Mrs. tinaggs—I could never under-	qualifications	to attend to British	in So,,th	Africa, and Julian Ralph «	and he deposited his securities	in	a
stand why the Russians	call their	troops in	professional capacity.	suPl)lcmcnts them with others quite f	great safe at his offices in Lom-
In con-1 ruler the White Czar.	General Laurie has introduced into	asEood-	Mr. Halpd relates an an-	bard street, preferring that to
Saaggs-I suppose	that the	the British	House of Commons a	f*dot0 to	illustrate soldierly good
men, the secretary mentions	that the	I numerous plots against his life keep	bill to remove this qualification.	1,10	cxpcnbe	of	per".	AM1	.
Did not the	primordial nebula	con-	ln'he* in I)assinK ,r°m fresh water to	The President of the United States small army of locusts	put	in	an	ap- When ho arrived, to his utter dismay
“ ,	nIV™„? Have wc	°	8alt'	who receives a salary of *50,000 a pearnnee. Tommy had been vainly he found ho had left the keys of the
tain a supply ot oxygenr x	A gj^RULAR FIRE	In 1840 Germany factory-workers year, must pay for all the food con- brushing away and trying to dodge safe behind. They were in his coun-
not now at command vast reservoirs	¦	worked 83 hours a week; a world's sumed at the White House; and the the pests, all to no purpose, until try place—Harwood, just outside
of this indispensable gas of which A singular fire occurred at a dwel- record.	expenses of getting up an elaborate I finally catching one and closely ex- Carlisle—and to get them in time
Lord Kelvin M, Uke. n. .—IT gfT	SSA	""
window was a dresser upon which ! sea yearly	they must be the best. He has to “Blame me if the bloomin' buttev-
was a glass globe, which, it is sup- ., QA 4	~ maintain his own equipage. The flics ain't in khaki!
for increased facilities in transporta-	posed, became so heated by the sun’s	iJc.,	1 a.8? ,	‘Vr/W avoraff<1	Government,	however,	allows	him	a
Manitoba's crop for this year	rays that it ignited the window cur-	Ammv!,,"! *.	156rt>'’ lhe average	valet, also	a	clerk,	who opens	all	his
tains, the flames extending to the	ldU1D* '	letters. All other personal servants
dresser, which with its contents and	Victim—Are you sure you can put	mUst be engaged by the master and
most.	One	shouting	need	empna-	the curtains were destroyed	before	n!y teeth into satisfactory condl-	mistress of the White House
sized by this state of affairs is that	the lire was extinguished. There	tion ?	Dentist—Yes, sir ; ai. any rate
of a deep waterway for sea-going	was no fire in the parlor grate, nor	1 wiU	spare no pains to do so.
voxels from Sault Ste. Marie to ™	^	j bJu seven^ time^a	™E M0ST EXPENSIVE BOOK	142 g57 , ,
Montreal. The provision o sue 1 *	------j----L	, computation does not hold good for ProbabIy the most expensive book	112,857 x 2
channel has for some time been urg-	deaf-mutes in u n08 rVnning	froto a	known is that which the Ameer of	142,857 x 8
- sstrr retis	its? ; ;
.....	..!...vSWS25rÆS& 35M It'S? : ?
is 80 dangerous that insurance re es he t	wardrobe ^^m.**" ** !" absolutely nothing wrong with the which are the work of an Afghan Multiply by 8 and you have 1 -
ZSZ5S
I
They are larger in sum-was I mer than in winter and larger in hot very profuse in his thanks, and ask- than in cold climates. The size of ed hi a rescuer the best way he could the drop when it reaches the earth their use in calling attention to ex-1 reward him.	depends on the height from which it
The best wav you can reward mo, has fallen. In summer the lower Saul the soldier, is to say nothing strata of air are warmer than in
ub‘,at	winter, and therefore clouds are
Why, my clear fellow, said the as- formed at a greater height. The is from plants? This is not yet prov- tonished officer, why do you wish mo drops falling from these clouds,
to say nothing about it ?	therefore, are larger than the win-
Because, if the other fellows knew I ter drops.
I’d pulled you out they’d chuck
are speculating upon data that arc manifestly incomplete. They have
9 •
BRITISH ARMY SURGEONS
The anomaly in the laws of England which prevented colonial surgeons from obtaining positions in the British army and navy, is about to bo remedied
tsting abuses, but do not present irrevocable conclusions lished that the only source of oxygen
Is it estab-
moro
for-
Again, replying to one paradox
ed
f
by another, let us call to mind that in the world's supply of water wo in j have great mines of oxygen yet to be
exploited. By trying the laboratory YOUNG FRENCH HEROES. I Miss Makeahit—It is my highest experiments on the electrolysis of	ambition to marry some titled for-
water on a great scale, by dynamos J^tZs from*theTÆ'ng ' instead of by the Voltaic pile and Society of Paris at the annual |3 by using waterfalls as sources of ing. The youngest, Francis Gaubert,
power, we can distill the ocean, and I	^
•cas into oxygen. Our descendants | )ivca Another boy named Couedcl
Fin- | is but a month older, and several
me
TOO MANY WIVES.
Mr. Jester—Why don’t you try the
meet- sultan?
Miss Makeahit—"S-i-r!
i
need not die of asphyxiation
ally, is there not a grave error in | ottors who behaved gallantly in the very basis of Lord Kelvin's rea-
Tho waters of the globe

ac-
cidents arc under eleven, trast with the youth of these prize
/

Mr
A SAFE DEPOSIT
soning?


are






to

catch the mail was impossible he missed the mail his time limit for the deposit would lapse sent to the safe makers for expert workmen and offered them £500 each if they could break the safe open within two hours. They could not do it, and Pur beck Jones was ruined, for the railway syndicate refused him an extension of time, and the loss of the contract, which was the biggest any single man had ever viiK or taken, made him hopelessly bankrupt. He died in a lunatic asylum only a few months
If


But this increased yield will call
Ho

# *

lion
A FANTASY IN FIGURES

will tax the railways to their ut-


A very curious number is 142,857. which multiplied by 1, 2, J, 4, 5, or 0, gives the same figures, in the same order, beginning at a different point; but if multiplied by 7 gives all U s
142,857 285,714 428,571 571,428 714,285 857,142 999,999





¦


ago
Did
hpor that there vy .
Smith's family? asked Jones. -,ru don’t say so 7 exclaimed his wife. Where ? Inside of JhmfcK replied Jones. And then he ^ led idiotically,
you skeleton in

taunts arc
¦

###PAGE###4###
'•x
\

r
THE MARKETS.
MASSET-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
THE EQUITY.
m
Campbell’s Bay, July 17th, 1901.
WARE-ROOMS
SH A VY VILLE*
Wheat» (standard) 70 to <kX Oats per bushel, -0 to n<k\ Pease per bushel, 00 to Olitv
Buckw Rggs, per dozen, ltKj Butter, per pound, 11 tol.'e. Wool, per pound, 13 to Ido. Pelts, each, (X) to 7,1c.
Hides, 14.00 Co $3.50.
Calfskins, :i3 to 10 cents each
OTTAWA
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE. JULY IS, 1901
't\
Vi)
ArX
A Strike That Failed
per huxh
t li)

HARVEST PROBS :
The strike of the OUaw v w rid workers hi® fallen through, and the men have gone hack to wnk on jjiln ten h ur system and the former rates of wages. The International Inion declined to recognize the strike, and the men were also ad vis 3d by local labor leaders of the futility of striking for shorter hours and increased pay at the same time.
Removal of Flags
Look Cut For
The probabilities are that there will be a Heavy Grain Harvest.
Butter, print, In . per lb “ pail*. 13 to 18c. Eggs, fresh, lih*. per aoz PoUtocN 40 to4.V. per bag l.atnb. 7 to 12c. per lb.
7 ; ) lOo. per lb. Beef, T» to So. peril).
Pork. $8.00 to $0.00 per 100. Chickens, 00 to Nk-. zi pair. Oats, 8." liny. $
per lb
This Space
Toronto, June 10 —The rénovai of the feitum cf British thga from the Ontario education department a at the Pan-Ameri can exposition is to be inquired into. High School Inspector South nas g>ne to Buffalo, and while there will have a talk with tho c tliciaU regarding the remove1 of the digs. Hon. Mr. Harcourt sud today that tho matter was trifl'ntr, but that the department was anx;oii3 to hear what the utticiala had to say about it
s
MASSEY
HARRIS

INDERS
Mu
I
>
A
Next Week.
\
per bushel
7.00to $10.00 per ton i:> to 1 k\ per lh.
are the best made for this kind of work.
TERMS REASONABLE.
w
PONTIAC
WOOLLEN
Quebec Capatialists Scheme
1
Ottawa, July 9.—A preposition been made to the Government by Quebec capaitaliata to earabhsh a evil storage department in the County of Argent vu il, in return for a aubaidy of $5,000. The ob ject of the scheme ia to preserve the food products i f the farmers in the best possible condition, with a view to their ultimate shipment abroad, or sale in the do i.wvU:market when prices are most far* arable. It ur not probable that the
scheme will be entertained by the Gov- HaV6 0011111161106(1 ODeTB- I eminent, as it would result in similar ap-	.	r i 5
plications from all over thecouutry, and tlOHS IOF tllO St\TSOll iUiu oil	I	* ¦ I	| fS u	O
i will b, found .horougu, § Ladysmith Gash Store §
equipped to do a satisfac-1 -i !	J 1 I	e
tory trade with the farmers p, of the surrounding country
MACFARLANB BROS.
P. S.-All kind of Repairs, Twine and Machine Oil kept on hand.
MILLS
X
oooooooIF YOU NEED ANY FAINTSl)00000°
SMART & SMITH.
o
TSMISCAMING DISTRICT
M
Is the place for you to buy everything you need. We sell at lowest prices for cash, and pay best prices for .. .. Farm Produce.............
HUES CAUSE HUE AT DESTRUCTION AMONG
THE SETTLER*.
o

g THE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS H SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE
FARMERS I
call and inspect our
Binders,
Mowers
and
I
H
Custom work will receive i O
careful and prompt attention, and the public may IM rely on getting the best sat-1 isfaction
Toronto, July 13.—-A party from Urh-burgh, has reached here from Temiaa-ming, with tales of the awful destructiveness of the recent tires. Messrs. Allan, Hoyce, Aubrey and Jackson, say that a tricks of 30,000 acres was swept clean. A Toronto man was working fourteen miles from Holding, when he saw the progress of the tire, and reached home to find the tire all abiut the house and li e wife on the point of running with h r chi d into flames. He to »k them into a wvl1, where they remained four hours until the dying down of the tire released them. Not a partiel 3 was left of their home The d unes leiped over the rivers a quarter of a mile wide, and but fur the tains, the horror of the calamity would have been far reaching.
K
Q
•I
0
H
M
People say our Dross Good* are the best. They are fancy and stylish.
Ladies' Dresses and Men's Suits, in up-bo-date sty made to order. Customers van have their choice from our extra good Scotch Tweeds and Serges. We guar an tec our make to be first-class.
Our Medicine Department is complete. We only keep good, fre-ili. pure medicines, sure to cure, for Luvt & Pusohek’s medicines are known world wide. Th name on a remedy is a guarantee of high-class and purity.
Our stock of Hoots and Shoes will be sold at from 25 to 50 per cent below retail price, to make room for new stock.
&
ti
ft
les
ANDREW tjODCINS
ti

M
(A
H
e *
WANTED.
M
heir

o
Qualified Protestant Teacher for Aid
Duties to commence O
9
field School No. 1 Sept. 2nd to Dec. 23rd, and from 1st April lb to June 3*1. U*)2. Salary stated on arpli- m cation. FREI) V. SCHOEN.	I
Sec.-Trcaa.. Uidysmith, Quo
o
8
o
y
J. F. C RO N A U.
P. S.—Don’t forget that we guarantee our goods to be new and up to date.
BUY FROM US AND SAVE MONEY.
Rakes.,
\ Presbytery
r
%
o
c
.ring of the Ottawa avid in Bank street 4ch, Ottawa, on Tues-x. In the absence of ne. moderator, who is on .lev. Win, Patterson took meeting. The Presbytery \ from the congregation . ort to Rev. N. Waddell, .v. The call was sustained gement were made for the in-Tho induction will take place "Me, on July 23rd. at 2.30 p.m , Morrison, Bristol, w 11 pre-Mr. McLeod, of Billing's avc charge ewrtuon. Rev. Robert 'Sw the pastor, and will address the con-
The

o
f
Lima For Sala.
O
O
Pros'
Pro-
O
O
o
The undersigned offers any quantity of ;? me at a reasonable price.
ROBERT STOREY,
Clarendon Front
dav
We have also Buggies, Express
agons, Harness, Churns.

R
o
o
ooooooJia&l 52E2 EMA, "HVKOHO '& m £000000
Public Notice.
McRAE & McGUIRE
0
McCormick Harvesting Machinery

All persons indebted to us are requested to call and settle up. as we wish to wind up all our business affairs before August
Owing to our recent loss by fire, it is absolutely necessary for us to have all our accounts paid up at once, either by note or otherwise : and we would consider it a very great favor for all partie- concerned to call and settle up immediately.
Mi 1 RE PIE & HODGIXS. Slmwville, July 14th, HOI.
1901
EVERYWHERE TAKES THE LEAD.
f tl
rvices
Here it is ! new The PlaceGOODS
THE McCORMICKJBINDER.
The Prosperous Farmer always has a
/
vHIBITION
Teachers Wanted.


NEW
GOODS

1 that
v* am
inhibition Associ at ion will Imua __ : fourteenth annua exhibition at Ottawa, co September 13th and closing
21 s
| Three Elementary and one Mod j I Teacher wanted for the corporation of Gai
>?l j bo the undersigned up t vr ‘ Applicant - to state salary an
rx
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Right-hand
CALL
Applications will be reev;
;o the 22nd inst
veil
••
on mi
encimr «
MCCORMICK
AGENT
El
l
s
gra


i l
The advertising agon through this section within a and all persons interested in tion should visit the wagons and pize lis h, programmes and other liter i-ture. Failing in this, application made by mail to Mr. E. McMahon, 2<> Sparks
St., Ottawa, the secretary of the nssoci- New York, July 10.—Joseph Leva -timi, will secure all necessary informa- que, aged 34, for whom the Montreal tiou. entry forms, etc.	authorities have been looking for the last
The attractions this year will be far 10years, was arrested by the Brooklyn p). I in advance of anything ever shown be- 1 ce, and Chief Carpenter, of Montreal, I fore and comprise a large ard varied list and will be turned over to the Canadian | Repairs always kept Ofl hand, of amusements.. A historical represents- officials as socn as the i eceseary formali-tiun of the seige of Tien T-in and the ties of extradition can be complied with, capture of the Boxer stronghold in China Levesque, prior to December 1, 1801, will form the Spectacular.' The T. W was a trutsed employe of theC'tvand Hand Fireworks Co., of Hamilton, have District Saving Bank of Montreal. While
acting as chief bookkeeper, it is charged, lie conspired with another employe by falsifying the accounts to rob the institution, and the two together, managed to get away with upwards of $20,000, disappearing on the date above mentioned.
Levesque’s accomplice is still at large, and tho police refuse to give h;e name.

It
HUGH MATHESON,
bcv.-Treaa
NOW OPENING OUT -AT-
f-jw week* he exhibi-

KM.

m
Shawville, July 13th, 1101

MÇCOmMICK

re
22“ Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S
CORNERS.

Caught at Last

Eavetroughing,
Qoofiqg and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS.
m
6-

¦¦ Se*.
—•S4"!



ALF. HOWARD, - Agent - SHAWVILLE.
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
1901
1901
OR
guaranteed to put on an unequalled pyrotechnical display both in the production of the scenes of this event as well as in the concluding fireworks programme.
Among the other attractions w ill be
th- American Ball< C
md parachute leap, Caicedo, King of the Bounding Wire, the Montefflyro troupe in their unique entertainment*.— The three wonderful performing elephants, while the Waragraph with its marvellous moving pictures will again he f the leading side attractions. There will also be horse races every day of the fair in which substantial cash prizes will be competed for.
The prize list is strictly up to date and tho s|>ecial prizes, gold, and silver medals etc., cover the entire field of a first class exhibition.
The grounds have been put in splendid condition and the accomodation on the occasion for both visitor and exhibitor w ill be excellent.
Other specialities are being secured and no pains or expense will be spared to maintain the high reputation of Ofc ta was big annual exhibition.
OREMOST
URNITURE.
»
Shawville.
Silas Young.
famous as
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
/
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
uen
Destructive Forest Fires
FRESH and CURED
NIFTY ÏAMALIES RENDERED HOMELESS. — 4 THE III CROPS DESTROYED.
1rs. McWlLLIiVS
one
MEATS
# e
Toronto, July 11.—The sitt'ers of the Temiscaming district lure had a terrible experience. Letter* were received attic parliament buildings this morning stating that the forest fires which have been raging there, hare burned over considerable portions of the townships of Hudson, Kearns, Dymond, Hal ey, Harris and Casey, and that at least fifty families of settlers have been rendered homeless. In meat cases the growing crops as well as the homesteads are gone and nothing io-mains but blackened waste. No computation has made of the timber loss, but
were
The appointment of Judge Valin to he in Armstrong and Hillard, settled this surrogate judge in ordinary of the Ex-1 spring, but the loss there was cot great, chequer Court of Nip Using, is gazette*!. 1 An aopeal for help will be made.
We have also a first-class assortment of
CHARGES MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
PERSONAL ATTENTION
THUMB REASONABLE.
New Sailor and Walking Hats Laces, Silks, Flowers and Feathers, Chiffons and other Novelties in this .. Season’s Styles
of all kinds at
o
SHAWVILLE.
THE SHAWVILLE
W|eat Market
j. a. mc&uire;
J. GRAHAM
1
J. Simpson, rf Mit‘.taws, was found guilt of forgery before Judge Valin and sentenced to three months imprisonment in the gaol.
Tke C. P. R. tank about a mile east of Cobden wae destroy el by tire last wetk.
Three men were sentenced at Sudbury to fifteen days wed ons to six months for interfering with trackmen on the C. P. R.
Last year over 9,000 persons climbed up the stairs in the Parliament Tower,
Ottawa.
# e

Call and see her. She will plesww all her customer* In prices and etyl
%
Mrs. McWilliams.
m
Pronrietor.




###PAGE###5###
9
mm
S£
JL
/
(
\
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawviile,
No sne.
m
mi* z
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
FARM REQUISITES I
CORKERS FOR VALUE.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUnUetlKD KVKRY TI1UKHI) A Y
AT AH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, qUK.
SUBSCRIPTION -$1,00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE,
No paper stopped until All arrearage* are paid, unie*» by aptclal arrangement with the publisher.
ÈS,
Meet* the 4th Wednesday of every mouth.
Court due* mu*t be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. H. Barn err, F.H
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
LM*
A. SMILEY, Prop.
f. A. Cowan, HB
John Bkckitt, O. H
o
ADVERTISING HATES l
Tiegal advertising. eight cent* per line for first Insertion and four ceuta per Hue for oach subsequent Insertion.
Butinent carda not exceeding one inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
f/ical announcement* Inacrted at the rate of live ©enta per line for first toaertlon and three ceuta for subsequent Insertion*.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertlseraeul* received without Instruction» accompanying them will be Inserted until forblddeu and charged for accordingly, | W Your Turn next.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per Hue.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR, JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
The Celebrated
IVjcLaughlin Carriages
Now in Stock.
Every line in our large range of HARVEST TOOLS is well thought out from the point of Suitability, Reliability and General Satisfaction.
We do not deal in Shelf Warmers. Our forte is Reliable Quick-Selling Goods.
The spot for —
A Kabhionahmc Hair Cut, Hood Shampoo, or A Clkan Bhayk.
ALL STYLES ALL PRICES
CEO. HYNES,

)
JOB PRINTING
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mull promptly attended to.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
These Carriages stand unrivalled for Finish, Workmanship or quality of Material used.
At the Paris Exposition last year the McLaughlin Carriages were awarded the Silver Medal—the highest honor attainable in their class, and the whole exhibit was sold in Paris, proving that for real merit these goods are on top.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Our selection embraces the choicest stock of
the best Factories :
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq,
:î TINE PITCH FORKS, and d PRONG GRAPES, FORK HANDLES,
GRAPE HANDLES,
HOE HANDLES,
HAND RAKES,
SPADES, SHOVELS and HOES, GRIND STONES and
GRIND STONE FIXTURES.
GRAIN CRADLES, CRADLE BLADES, do FINGERS,
v largo, well-selected and varied .stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office -Residence of the lato Dr. II. H Knox, Shaw ville.
Office hours -Monday, Wednesday and I in UNDERTAKING Saturday afternoons
SCYTHES,
SNATHS,
SCYTHE STONES,
A. SMILEY.
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to tho most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
Just received—A car-load of Chatham waggons The best.
F. T. M. C.
Orsd i»t* of Trinity University, Toronto ; Orsduate of Victor!* University, Toronto. Fellow by elimination of Trinity M«*d. OoUtf^ -nto.
Omc* amd ItMiDKsen : J. H Ai»mtiu>no\i House, DiStPÎCt RMCl COUIltPy« MAIN 8TRK8T • - 3HAWVILL8
Express and Buggy Wheels
ALL SIZES. RIGHT PRICES.
McDOUCALL and CUZNER,
Pure Paris Green and Plymouth Special Binder Twine—Best on Earth.
Ow. Dalgleish, match manufacturer of Ottawa, has assigned. The Eddy brm is the only company now manufacturing matches on a largo scale in Canada.
The Smith’s Falls merchants are agitating for a half holiday during July and August.
m
LEGAL.
BODBBEAD BIIBYILLE, L. L L
X
\
X
!
ADVOCATE .. BRYSON visit Shawvills rvkry Monday

11
i

!
WU.L
We have almost everything in Farm Supplies and are in a position to save you money and give you the best goods obtainable.
»

WM. GAMBLE,
>
m
Michael Uy%o, of Ramsay, add hie
, M	. splendid team of carriage horses to the
Room 23, Trust Building. No. IS Spark* GftVor,lor fJen«ml for f#00.
St., Ottawa, Ont.
BARRISTER, Ac.,
It cost (Jeorge Beaks, of ilia 0 peon go district $10 and cos's for hiving a diseased horse in Lia possession.
_	_	_ __ , Mvtin Sd'n 7, of the townahp of 9her-
Q EO» C - W RICHT^ ! wood, has been fined $50 and cos'a for
sailing liquor without a hcaose^ggwwg
At Sbawvllts, iieoond and fourth Thursday
of each month.
%m -e -over G K. Hodglu»' Store, Main fit.
G.F.HODGINS
9
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, AC
Jeremiah Ryan’s saw mill at Sihar-topol was des'riyad by fire list week, besides a largo quantity of lumber and shing'ee.
OK TRK PROVING* OK QUK8KC
0
Trust Building—
4d Sparks Street, Ottawa.
P. 8.—Try our Mica Axle Grease.
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply because it's 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheaper than our
Accident Due to Strange Cause
but in the meantime the Hull Company is paying a price for the privilege of crossing the bridge.
The Pontiac division of the Ottawa,
Western and Northern Railway, gets the privilege of using the Hu'l Electric Com-pany'a*l racks from Hull to Aylmer and therefore the Pontiac trains which have had to depend upon the Hull Electric oara for train connection with the Capital will in future ran right into the city.
It is not expected that the running of steam can over the Hull Electric Company’s tracks will have any bad effect on	_	- <£X>	*
the road bed as it is one of the finest in pciy tllB CllII8r6IlC0 111 pFlC6 6V6Py America and heavy rails are used on it.	„	, ,	,	,	, ., D .	,
The Pontiac trains will not interfere	uS6u by iDCft. <Uld City DclKCI $
between Aylmer and Ottawa. All that remains to be done is to arrange the time table for the two companies. The agreements bitwetn the companies will be drawn up to-day.
----	A rejwut fro it is reported to have
Kansas C.ty, July 12.—A special from ruined the p >tato crop in the country Alba* y. Mo , to the Times says:	An ac-	|
MAIN STREET, 1 oident in which three children, a pet HULL, - - QUE. fmg and some dynamite figured here yes-
AtA^^»7a^nlTC0U,"rtyin msSict'or	’ Iff1’,artT*
Pontiac. Prompt collections and immc- dwelling demol s. ed. The threec.iildron | Toronto, July 9 — A pious fraud of a diate remittances. Special attention to -f Geo. Mc( urry, a prominent contractor Uar,y onerous sort was unmasked
©cure* pondent».	_________________| found ...me dynamite in the cellar ->M lt.the police court this morning Afe*
their home, and thinking it w,„ putty fed d	G#0„e Pieroe w|,, j, connected
,tte their pet frog. Tne piece, of dy- L ' f eVSDgeiUt, part caretaker with nanire resembled in,ect. andthe frog ate th# twentieth ca„tUry go,pel teuton
. „	n	CJ1Ml ft 00	Parliament .tract, wm arrested on a
- - QUE lîïii 1 led It Another child and Mrs. ttefi \vhtii. Pierce was searched letter# _______1 McOarry in kitchen above wore seriously : per# focnd ou him cf a very question-
injured and that part of the house was al/;e trgether wit* the addresses of
wrecked.	’young girls who had been attending the
One of these was read in
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
ADVOCATE, Ac..
LAW CHAMBERS }

l
north of Quebec city
A Pious Fraud
“ Gold Medal " Brand,
which we guarantee will produce. 36 to 37 8-lb. pans of beautiful flaky, white bread ? If you are using a poor flour compare results and you will
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of the District Magistrale*’ Court
SHAWVILLE
IX Special Prices in 5-barre! lots.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
NOTARY PURLI \ NOTARY FOR THE ,	---------- I meetings
reliance loaJ^^nu^AviNUH j Thomas Murray M. P. Married, court this morning as follows ;
money to loan on easy TERMS. ,	-- 441 will take you to the States fur a
BRYSON, - - QUE.	Misa Emma Alice Foran, eldcit daugh- trjp to ,py home and will pay all ex-
Will be In Shaw ville on Tuesday and Sat- j ter of Mr. John Foran, cf Ottawa, was j pen8e8. I will treat you weU and you urday of every week.	|	married on Wednesday night in the Uni- w£|j [e my 0wn if you only 1 )vo me.”
j. j. turner, , ssprt.ps&r-'Jr j	sssr-
mouth, a variety of articles always on 0f t|ie bride, was best man hand for sale; Office: Shaw ville, Q,ue
cub made for Dublenka. He made a retreat to ti e home, whore hu barricaded Ira. self
The enraged bear nn around the house | making frantic efforts to get in, much to ; the terror of Dublenka, whose shot had been exhausted. The bear, in a very ferocious mood, maintaied a close watch i for Dub'enka all night.	I
When drylight came he loaded up his gun again, and, getting a piece oi iron as slug, he opened tire at short range on the she bear, and laid her out. He then despatched the two cubs
There has been no such bear episode in the north for many years, and Dublenka is a hero at Leduc.
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
Home in Chains
i
Hanover, Ju’y 11.—Scores of German soldiers are returning from China with the expeditionary corps, either in chains or closely guarded on board ship Upon the arrival of each vessel the prisoners are immediately taken to the penitentiary having been already cmrl-martialed in China.
Despite tho rigid secrecy of the authorities, it has leaked out that the disgraced men are being punished for atrocities committed during the sacking of Pekin A member of the expeditionary corps states that the crimes of which these soldiers have been convicted were chiefly those mentioned in the so-called “Hun” letters, out of which the social democratic press made so much capital. It is recalled that the government press denied the truth of those letters in a half-hearted manner, convincing the reading public that ills alleged atrocities had really been committed.
Among the imprisoned soldiers are many officers, some of whom are in dut ess owing to their a leged cowardice Wore the enemy.
'AT ENTS
He was
Trade Marks Designs
rffTv Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and deacrlptlon may aWckly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention is probably patentable. Coinmcnioa-tlorw strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest Patenta taken ¦¦ rprcuU notice, without charge, in the
Scientific American.
Boer Desperadoes
bride
wore her travelling dress of fawn colored cloth with a small toque of mohair braid.
Her only ornament was a diamond pendant, the gift of the groom. The bridesmaid was gowned in pink silk musln
made over white silk, and wore a black ,	JJ
picture hat. Both bride and bridesmaid London, July 11.—Last nights Ga carried shower bouquets of roses, the one zette contains a long despatch from Lord white and the other pink.	Kitchener dealing chiefly with the pur_  	A reception and supper at the home suit of De Wot from the time of the fail
I Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al- 0f the bride’s parents, 060 King Street, ure of hia attempt on Cape Colony, ways well furnished.	| followed the ceremony and then Mr. and	Kitchener states that the raiders during
First-class Livery r	I ^jrB Murray left for their home in Pern-	the last two months have lost heart, and
broke. Later in the season they will their leaders are able to retain in the held visit the Pan-American and Europe. only emm’l bodies of desperatj men, who
prepared to adapt them to the vicia-_	, eitudei of guerilla warfare and brigandage.
Sad Fatality at Carldton Place, q^ey have, however, undoubtedly receiv-
----	ed a certain number of recruits from the
A most distressing death occurred in colonial Dutch, and the friendly feelirg C. Place, JulyTtb.asthe result of an acci- of a considerable portion of the rurt-l dent Sunday morning.	Mrs. Bryan, a	population assures to them not	only an
well known and highly	erteemed lady,	|	ample supply of food but	Also iroa.f in-
wife of Mr. Levi Bryan, contractor of formation of Bntish movemen i, They^ Victoria street, being	the victim. It	svo’d fighting and c.mg to	rugge
seemed that Mrs. Bryan arose on Sunday	[	tsinous localities, and --	>r x	c *e *
morning anl in lighting the fire in the |	think* ^ca! troops esn r i » y
cook-stove used coal oil, pouring it into	movement towards the in er.o <
the stove from the cm, under the im- colony, pression that there was no previous ignition of the kindling. The flame burst suddenly up runn ng into and exploding the til and throwing the blsz’tig contents over the unfortunate lady's clothing. In a twinkling she was enveloped in flames, and * Mr. Bryin being alarmed by her screams, rushed to her aid, but before he succeeded in extinguishing the fire she was terribly burned all over the body, and he too, was badly injured by the burning oil. There was some slight hope that the result would not be fatal, but after a day of suffering death came. De» ceased leaves fire children, the eldest being Mrs. Albert Slater. For the sfflict-o 1 family there is the deepest sympathy.

KITCHENER REPORTS THAT RAIDERS HAVE
HEART DURING THE TWO MONTHS.
HOTELS
BEEN LOSING
St. Lawrence Hall,
A handsomely lllustrAted weekly, I,accost Mr-
eolation of any scientific Journal. Terms. #t year; four months, $L Sold by all newsdealers.
M6WI & 0o.36iBr„d.„ New York
Brunch Oîflce GÜS F 8L Wasbioy’on. D. C.
N ST., Q
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Lightning Kills 11 Boys
TO A FISHING AND
HORRIBRB ENDING
BATHING PARTY'S SPORT

PATENTS
Chicago, July 1.—Eleven boys were killed and another probably fataliymjured this afternoon by a single bolt of light-Ttie victims were fishing in Lake
are
J
PROMPTLY SECURED
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
JEWELLER
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OW WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE Ac. Ac.
nmg
Michigan, at the foot of Montrose Boulevard, on the North side. 1 he fatal bolt struck the pier where they were seated, and all were thrown into the lake. Duly boy has been recovered so far. A policeman attracted fc> the pier by the crashing timbers, found it impossible to rescue any of the victims. The
Edmonton, J > 20 —Rev J. K r timbers of the pier bed been shattered
chin sky brings t > town the story of an and the whole structure toppled into the exciting encounter with boais, which a water. He hurried to s patrol box, and Galician named Dublenka, of Lednc, had called for ai sis tance. Nearly half an on his faim the other day. Jan Dub- hour elapsed before aid arrived lenka is the man's name, and he occupies work of recovering the bodies was ex-a quarter section near Loduc.	tremely difficult. But finally all were
The ether afternoon a big she bear, carried ashore, accompanied by two well developed cube, Owing to the terrific thunderstorm invaded the farm presumably in quest of prevalent, the work of identification was veai, there being a ctlf upon the farm, extremely slow. Oppressed by the exbut not necessarily for prodigals Dub- trerae heat the boys had gone in bathing, lenka, having some sporting blood, had a When the rain began to fall, and it be shotgûn and a small amount of ammuni- came evident a severe electrical storm lion in the house, and he prepared for was coming, they rushed to shelter which hostilities. But he was hort of shot. they had built on the pier W illîe An-Gettirg his gun he moved on the marau- demon, 12 years -old, was the only sunders and shot cne of the cubs, but not vivor of the shock which fo lowed a mo-killing it. The wounded animal ran up meut later. To the policeman he gave a a tree, and the mother bear and the other bare idea of the horrible ending to sn
Write for our interesting books " Inventor’s help” and •• Mow you are swindled.^
Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably, patentable. Rejected applications haveoften
been successfully prosecuted yy us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montres* and Washington ; this quail fies us to prompt ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patent! as broad as the invention. Highest references furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Ma-recclve special notice without charge in over loo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.	_
speciaitHapeeeeeegeeei
turer» aua Engineers
Bear Made Him Run


H
X—
one
BEAR NEAR EDMONTON HAD AN EXCITING TIME WITH A BEAR AND HER CPB3.
6j$
SJ
moue


heavy




rion
m
w*
im
The

—Patent business of Manufac-
Rkpaisinu—
a Speciality
(5
To Run Through To Ottawa.
Last Friday’s Ottawa Journal says: — The Hull-Ayimercirs have permission to run over the Interprovincial br.dgeand it will only bo a matter of a day or two until they are running to the landing between the Sappers and Duflerio bridges. The Hull Company and the ( ), taws Northern and Western Company are negotiaiing about the railway interests of the Electric Company with the object in view of the latter turning over to the steam company
all its e’ectric railway privilege#. It |
peeled that this desl will be consummated
MARION & MARION
t
SHAWVILLE, 0
P Patent Experts and Solicitors*,
rmm . / New Vorlc Life B’Id'r, lontreal c Ufficee . j Atlantic Bldg, Washington D.C.
The Arnnrior b»nd was recently pie eented by Mr. T. J. Oromley, merchant of that town, with a pair of white duck pants for each member.
Rev S. G. Bland, of the Eastern Methodist Church, Ottawa, is atrorglyin favor tf compulsery abitration means of settling labor disputes.
hour's sport, and then fainted. He vas earned to h near-by house, where medi cal asiisiauce was rendered.
The bolt was the most powerful seen here in years. The pier was demolished in a trice, giving the boys not the tlightest chance of escape. In ego the victi ranged from 12 years up.
as a
i ex
A ne* Orange Lolge ha* bien formed
at Spanish Station.
###PAGE###6###


1



HER HUSBAND	|WORLD IB GLASS HOUSES.
WAS A DRUNKARD

FRAGRANT
RESIDENCES IN WHICH DUST CANNOT COLLECT.
A Lady Whe Cures Her Husband of <!ls Drinking Habits Writes of Her Struggle to Save Her Home.
T
which every umnolmrur wl 1 fully appreciate* 1S.r-S!SrJ^ ,n-$P tho Dominion
on
Day Not Very Far Removed When Vitreous Materials Will Play Principal Role.
and one
mss BaBBfcpmw
for the TEETH and BREATH
According to M. Jules Henri vaux, who'Originated the famous Valais Lumineux, or palace of light, at the last Paris Exposition, and who until recently director of the great glass manufactory at St. Cubain, In Franco, glass will ore long come to play such a groat part in the world's economy that the next age is likely
the ago of
Hew She S0Z0B0HT LIQUID
Niw Patent Box S0Z0D0NT POWDER #	,	25o	Mr iiavoiock eih» And» that most
Large LIQUID ind POWDER ...	76e	6 V :L%%n«»d'S,D%u.ry.,
At the Stores or by Mall, postpaid, (or the Price	" be numbers born In the first, sec- |
T\ ? 4	ond, and fourth quarters of the year
llentlSttB Opinion: “A§ ail antiseptic	and	hygienic	are fairly equal, hut there is a
mouthwash, and for the care and preservation	of the teeth	and	marked doilcioncy in the third quor-
HALL dfc RUCKEL, Montreal.	and fourth quarters About 1ft per
cent, of the geniuses were delicate in I childhood, but those often developed Into healthy, vigorous, long-lived men. Bruce, the traveller, was a typical case. Very delicate In early life, ho warn a man of huge proportions, athletic power, and Iron constitution. Over 14 per cent, had lost
one or both parents by the ago of lee. ;
Ohio,
26o
A PATHETIC LETTER.
G

«
HI K i ll OF GENIUSES
hirst I ramp—Jim Is the must caro-088 f' tlow about hie personal up-
been ,1 "‘v,4,1	cver 800 Soccml Tramp
“What U ye mean? |	¦¦¦¦¦
Why, a woman
was
h irst Tramp— .	.	gev him a pair o'
good shoes last Week, at.’ ho went an* wore ’em, 'stead o' hoopin' on Ids old ones to excite sympathy.
A
to bo distinguished as glass.”
M. Hon rivaux is an enthusiast on He believes it to be the malic does not
m#
V
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
m
free.' ** Je Cbene* * Ca Testimonials
The average weight of English boys bns risen from 59 uounds in 1800 to <»4 in 1900, and of girls from 57 to Oil pounds.
glass
torittl of tho future protend that the world can look for ghta* -cannons or glass or glass greyhounds of the ocean, nor
does JH' contemplate the substitution I with due avoidance of monotony it f TESTING A OAHPFT of vitreous machinery for that now is hard to nay. Certainly M. Ilonrl-
cmployed in the various processes of vaux is enthusiastic enough to be-I 1 llc natives of Persia have an odd manufacture, but he does claim that	lievc in the	fullest development of	way	°* testing a carpet to see If it
glass is tho best substance known for	his idea.	Is a	true Persian product. A piece
' I had for a long time been think- every kind of structural purpose, and	¦	*	of red-hot charcoal Is dropped upon
ing of trying tho Tasteless Samaria especially for dwelling houses. In	..	.	It, which leaves a round singed spot.
Prc cription treatment on my hua- short, if the visions of M. Henri vaux	AltoV.NIv-EATERS.	If tho carpet is of the first quality
band	for	his	drinking	habits,	but	I	arc realized, says tho London Daily	styria, a	duchy having a	popula-	the singed wool can be brushed oil
was afraid	he would	discover that	l	. Express, all the world will bo living	lion of about a million and	a half,	with	the hand, without leaving a
was giving him medicine, and the in glass houses before long.	nnd lying south of Oratz. in tho trace of tho burn discernible,
thought unnerved me. I hesitated I The point of the idea is found in mountainous portion of tho great for nearly a week, but one day when ; the inexhaustible supply of tho ma German Confederation, is noted for 4)o came home very much Intoxicated torials from which glass is made, in its arsenic-eaters.
,end his week’s salary nearly all its adaptability to all shapes and abound In every city spent. I threw oil all fear and deter- forms, its durability, and its clean- neighborhood, and in thousands mined to make an offort to save ou» j linens. With regard to the second eaM‘s ovory adult in a family uses it I gliome from the ruin 1 saw coming, point, it is obvious that glass can almoat the Siimc sugar, consum-j at all hazards. 1 sent for you# : bu shaped, colored and decorated to ing nbout 5* grains in the twenty- j Tasteless Samaria Prescription, and j an extent of which no	other material four	hours.
put it m his codec as directed next is capable, nnd it is	upon this ns-	-
morning and watched and prayed for pect of the idea that	M. Henri vaux I C0ST	0F BEING AN OFFICER
i ,*•
suspected a thing, and 1 then boldly t3^ASS STATUES AND DRESS rlosc acquaintance with both tho kept right on giving it regularly, as	MATICKIAIjS.	il-iench and (»vrnian Armies bus been
I had discovered something that set There are six ways in which glass °,l< eaVul l,lg to arvivc at the average every nerve in my body tingling with can be manipulated. It can be cast iU1,loant pvr aanum which it costs a hope and happiness, and I could seo into window panes, paving stones,	ern ln 1,ngland. France, and
a bright future spread out before me panels, &c. It can be moulded into t,t ! lnaiiy to. livo in Army. Tho —a peaceful, happy home, n share in ( cornices. slates, wall decorations, I - ,r09 8lves are : France, $400; the good things of life, an attentive,, and even statues. It	can be blown
loving husband, comforts, nnd every- into bottles, tumblers,	vases and all
to n woman's
lor my husband had told mo that * name of
*


mvn-o -war,
m
N.
x
*

i
toil
£201.000 a year is spent on bullfighting in Spain. There are 99 bull rings.
SO SUDDEN
+
Arsenic-eaters village and
That Miss Kortysuturners is subject to fainting fits.
Is she?
I started to ask	her to join me in I Nasal	Passages	now quickly cured,
a glass of soda	water	the other	Thousands of	grateful people in
evening, but when	I got	to tho word	every	part of	Canada and United
join' she keeled	right	over in my	States	testify	to the marvellous
power of this new discovery.
A free trial now offered.
Seldom in tho history of medicine, has so great a sensation been excited among medical men as has been provoked by the marvellous j cures so speedily and pleasantly ef-• I fueled by Catarrh ozone with the attendant of Consumption, Bronchitis, and
Bronchitic Asthma, which imposes	____________________
such fearful suffering upon their vio ÀVÏMÏJÎÜflü; tiros, Asthma, with its sleepless, —	- -	***** *
nights and hours of torture, yield as if by magic to the marvellous His Letter is Typical of Hundreds curative properties of Catarrhozono.
Lately Received from Lower The air you breathe carries it to Province—Same Work Being every air-cell of the lungs, carries it Done All Over the Dominion—; f o every inch of mucous surface in-Dodd’s Kidney Pills Stand ' flamed and diseased within tho Alone in the Conquest -of Kid- throat, lungs, nasal passages and
ne y Disease.	middle ears SnufTs, washes, oint-,	„rsl vumicl over a mile In
Racine, Que.. July «.-(Special).- meats me useless ns well ns disgust- length In England wns that nt Horn-It is a very strange thing, but lately inkr- 1 hey never get beyond the door castle all through this province, the people to cuter into tho innermost chain-1 have been talking in a straight, jbers of the body where these diseases downright way about the medicine Dodd's Kidney Pills. Never before Humiliation
has a remedy made so many warm, , tarrhozono goes	111
outspoken friends for Itself. What-[and carries healing on its wliurs. I 2"* . . - .------------
ever part of Quebec one chances to	; Sufferers don’t delay. Your drug- | Mk fu^Miffwiesl^etiooTniMe^vaep."
prejudice	be the mentioning of Dodd’s Kid-	gist sells Catarrhozono. If ho has
ney Pills is always enough I». bjingin<>t got it he cun get it or we will forth the grateful story of an e*|»or- .send you fence with this most remarkable re- , prepaid for $1.00 medy from one of tho listeners
Swagger—Exponents of phy-| These experiences include nearly all j will send you a 25c outfit
us that we should the fatal non-contagious diseases your address and enclose lOcts to The I not	Incline	the	upper	part	of	our	Bright's Disease. Diabetes, Dropsy,	pay for cost of boxing, postage, etc.
test of tension has practically no of-1 bodies	forward	in	walking.	Rheumatism, Bladder and Urinary	The Poison Chemical Co., Kingston,
Miss Swelldom—I know, but it's Disorders, Female Trouble. Heart Ontario and Hartford. Conn, simply impossible to stand erect .Trouble. Blood Diseases, Nervous while they wear these bung-over-in- Complaints arc all emphatically dc-
j.---------clared to have been entirely cured by A BANK OF ENGLAND CURIOS-----------	Dodd's Kidney Pills. But more than
NOT PREPARED FOR IT	any other complaint, Backache
counts of tenor.
is laid up. | Emile Couatre, of this town
they cured	_
other Kidney Troubles, and writes a letter tor publication in this paper to that effect.
A MARVELLOUS DISCOVERY
of
Diseases of the Throat, Lungs nnd
iinenrs Uniront lumberman’s friend
Ten British towns, besides Tandon are larger than Dublin, ¦	8
has 245,000 people, beats Dublin by 57,000
which now Edinburgh
arms
I
i
HEARTY PRAISE
FROM QUEBEC
Keen iinord's liniment in me nous?
T he French Academy has forty Catarrh members elected for life danger twice weekly.
It moots
I
Germany, $700
England, $1,100
A RACINE MAN EXPRESSES HIMSELF STRONGLY FOR DODD’S KIDNEY PILLS.
MOST31AL HOTEL OlltOTORT
’8$
CONSUMPTION ON KG OS
the utensils comprised under the
«...	,,	"glassware.'1 it can bel At a meeting of the British Na-
sh iskey was vile stuff and ho was blown and ground into crystals. Ion- tional Poultry Organization Asso-
taking a dislike to it. It was only Res, prisms and other objects of art elation it was stated that the annual
/rue. for before 1 bad given him and utility. It can be drawn Into consumption of eggs in the United
the full course he had stopped drink- tho finest threads and made into Kingdom averages 130 per bead of
Ing altogether, but I kept giving him pipes, baskets and dress materials, the population, giving a total of
the medicine till it was gone, nnd It can be turned into mosaics and something like 5,000 millions a
had done from promises before, lie clous stones.
never has and I am writing you this j Imagine, with M. llenrivntix. the letter to tell you how thankful I am. construction of a glass house I honestly believe it will euro the | foundation and the walls would bo IWoist cases.	constructed of a variety of glass, re-
.Sent Free to All—A sample pack- cently invented, called * stone glass” age of Tasteless Samaria Prescrip, which has already successfully with-tion gladly sent free with full par- ' stood ticulars in plain, sealed env dope, crushed All letters considered sacredly confidential
'I lio world's railways carry two billion passengers and 950 millioi tons of goods in a year.
Iinord’s Liment is used by Ptiysicians.
The first tunnel

CARRIED IT TOO FAR
i
constructed in 1827
The
Nothing that is produced in this country is ever quite good enough for Mrs. Willoughby, declared Frocks ported.
That’s true, added Miss Kittish She even carried her
Per Over Fifty Veers
ni<‘ sr;ii< d would simply mean in- Ms*. Wimlowi SooraixoBruce hss bees need by
¦Hi BKjr.1, £ I EHsaasssss
remedy for Dlarrbœe. Twenty fl»e oeols » I
1 ' s
Everything must be im-
l he severest tests it gives a resistance three
...	,	,	tines as great as granite When.	.	. .
Address, enclosing stomp subjected to heat or cold it is found aga,n8t domostlc K<>ods so far as to for reply. The Samaria Remedy <'o., • less sonsitive than stccl Whcil subJ marry an imported husband
26 Jordan Street’ Toronto, Canada. ! mil ted to friction it shows loss wear
than porphyry. Shock, as of n hammer blow, it resists to a degree I Miss ,_________ ___
twenty-two times as severe as that | si cal culture tell which would fracture marble
When
a
•un
¦	I J Britain has now nine field-marshals
Hie complete treatment including the King and tho German
.... ... “a — *"•
Send us

OVERBALANCED
THH
ïï. P. c. 10 *4
woman’s Ctirisiian Temperance onion
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
feet on it w 1mlevel
ADOPT THE
SIMM PRESCRIPTION”

GLASS HOUSES
U
f *'hc walls, then, would be built of front hats
FOR the CURE cf DRUNKENNESS g,ass* hc,d together by angle-iron, so I
; as to permit of n hollow
IT Y
One of the curiosities of tho Hank I	* #&ln BlIfMBntS.
UH P says of Kngland is to be seen in the A 0. Calvert A Co.« Manohsttor. fngland
him of Backache and P1 mting-room. A man sits at a desk
and every three seconds a machine delivers to
space
j through which pipes could pass (the,	c
a cure effected by ‘ Samaria Prescrip- "ntei, gas, electric wires, drains, and ,,	1 A,‘Y‘V»Unt,	.. ,	,
tion,” resulting in its use and mi op- everything needed for the health and , , 1	urs a blood-vessel,
lion by the Paisley Woman's Chris- , comfort of the inhabitants. Stairs]	° ,v
tiu.ii Temperance Union.	and balustrades, ceilings and wall	Iu . (>tse than that. I lie “j am going to say a word con-
(Cony)	j decorations, mantelpieces and lire- , , l!g ^nt upso easy Biut he pitch- corning Dodd's Kidney Pills,” he
Paisley, Ont., Pec. 11, 1900	¦ places would all be constructed of L iea ung Birough the window.	writes
The Samaria’Remedy Co., *	' .gla;SSl Some of M. Henrivaux's con-	WFT T nKi’OMM^wnrn	than ,,raise this wonderful medicine
30 .Iordan Street, Toronto, Ont. ,cePHons in the way of decorations,	' ^ u V(	heartily, for 1 am now, owing to
Fear Sirs,—I penned a few lines ‘in which the glass is made opaque or Mistress—You say you are well re- ] Dodd's Kidney Pills, in perfect to you some time ago.—as a member . Bated with brilliant colors, or made commended?	.health. For some time I have not
of the temperance cause, I wrote for silvvr und go!(ien- *>r arranged in	Maid—Indeed, ma’am, I have thir- the slightest pain in my back,
information; at that time I had in ,)nsms und crystals with facets like ty-nlne excellent references. •	My kidneys arc working properly,
my mind friends whose son was a ; diamonds, are perhaps too fanciful Mistress—And you have been in do- When 1 go to bed I find rest, whereas great cause of anxiety and trouble:10 bo tnkcn seriously, but through mestic service?	before using Dodd's Kidney Pills I
on account of his drunken habits. I* l,icm «N there runs the same en- Maid—Two years, ma'am.	got up more fatigued than the night
strongly urged the friends to try the , thusiasm. the same belief that glass.	* ----- before. I had pain in in y back and
rem dy I saw advertised in the To- as Thiers once said of Louis Napol-	HIS USUAL LUCK.	headache which broke my sleep,
ronto Globe. They did so. It was eo”- is capable of anything.	First Burglar (disgustedly)—Onlv "l hovc taken on,y throc boxcs of
the Samaria Remedy that was ad- I Lha,rs and tables, in th.- new glass $2 j„ the house and the silver ill n°dds Kidll°y rills and cannot help ministered and 1 am pleased to in- nge» wdl be made of vitrified muter- plated!	"	but credit them with my cure. I
form the company the medicine was toughened to the strength of oak Second Burglar—Yes* an* I s'dosp haVe 1)0011 ,rce îrom ,u> trouble since helpful; the young man has not iuad mahogany. Cooking utensils, I'll get kctched into the bargain I laking Uodd’s Sidney Pills.”
,f,:;k où S2US2, snwî	*K — - » — -
prayers on his behalf, all aided in ,knives and forks will have glass breaking the chains.	handles, if not glass blades.
At the last meeting of the W. C. ! The new glass house will be abso-T. U. here. I introduced your medi- ! lately clean and practically inde-cino for the cure of the liquor habit. , structible. The whole of its surface and a resolution was passed, "That can be washed from the top story to inasmuch as it is the aim of this or- | the basement, without a trace of hu-ganization to help the poor inebriate midity being left. Dust cannot col-wc should recommend this remedy in lect on its polished face, and the homes where persons arc addicted to spider will find no place on which to
the use of intoxicating liquors.” bang its cobwebs.	Crookster never has any trouble
Now, sirs, wishing you a successful I They have already begun to pave | when his wife refuses to give him a career in your noble work, and feel- the streets of Paris with glass, and latchkey, ing that assistance can be given in it is found that the substance, while He doesn't?
Nop—he's a reformed burglar.
I
Brass Band
Hhim two complete £5
If hi- sits t ¦ .K- six hum s ho
receives over £70,000, and in 300 days over £20,000,000 sterling.
notes
iniirumentt, Drums, Uniforms, Etc
1 can not do otherwise
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Lowest prices ever quoted SOOHIuelrstlins, mailed frre.
Aik for Miliaria and lake no oilier
Fine catalogue Write us for any
thing in Haute or Musical Instruments.
A PIGEON'S GRIFF
Whaley Boyce & Co,
Henry Chapelle, pigeon breeder at Venders, died
rowing friends and relations came to bear his body to the the funeral j- ¦ formed one of the clown
and a train of sor-
Dominion Line Steamships
Montres! to Liverpool Boston to Liver pool. Portland to Liverpool VleQustB»-
Large end Feet Steamships. Superior scoem rood sites for all dimes of DM earners. Bsboos and SUtero»* are amidahtpa 6i*cisl sUaaUes has have riven let*
sad Third-Vises aceemmoJallou. Vm
grave. Hut ns procession was being
H pigeons fiutterou jto the coffin, on which it perched. So, ns the pigeon would not be driven away, it was taken to the cemetery, and here it stayed by its dead master's tomb, neither moving nor eating till it died of starvation.
J3
“ifsrsi
Dyeing ! Cleaning I
little jobs that wasn't wuth doin' !
ENTERING A LION'S CAGE.
A sensation was caused in Wins-ford, England, and district by tho announcement that to decide a ret of $25 a local blacksmith named W. Richardson had volunteered to enter the lion's cage at a travelling menagerie in the town. A large crowd visited the show, and amid great excitement Richardson entered the cage. The lion walked about but did not interfere with him, and after a few minutes Richaidson came out unhurt.
For the very best lend your work to the
11 BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Look for agent in your town, or send lirect.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec
A WIDE EXPERIENCE.
Jenkins hns just written a book on IIow to Succeed.
I wonder if it will be It ought to be. nt everything else
Rubber Company
I was cured of Bronchitis nnd Asthma by MINA RIPS LINIMENT.
MRS. A. LIVINGSTONE, Lot 5. P. K. I.
I was cured of a severe attack of Rheumatism by MINARD'S LINIMENT.
a success. Jenkins has failed
HeUIilt SKYLIGHTS «jUg-
A LOCK PICKER
i
#m

I
Ma ho no Bay.
I was cured of
JOHN MADER
I

I Dil I
I
a severely sprained log by MINARD'S LINIMENT.
JOSHUA WYNACHT. Bridgewater
f
the precincts of home by the hand of practically indestructible, is admir-mother or wife, trusting God may ably suited to the feet of both men open up useful avenues for your la- and beasts; and ms it neither holds hors
end Sheet Metal Works
ROOFINO SLATE, In BUck Red or Green SLATE BLACKBOARDS. We tuuply Public und High Schools, Toronto! Roofing Pelt, Pitch, Uoel Ter, eta ROOFINO TILK (See New City Build. Inge, Toronto, done by our firm), kletsl Ceilings, Cor. nioee, eta KeUmetee furnished for work complete or for ipped to an? p»rt of thr country Phone 1*3 A SONS.Adelaide â WldmerSte., Tor oi.to
ROOFING
NESTS IN CROMWELL’S GUN
Gent—What is tl
For the past twenty-five years nt least, starlings have regularly built in the gun which Oliver Cromwell placed in the Curfew Tower of Windsor Castle when he was in residence
there, and for many years a pair of I Marie Joanna K or sa ho whose jackdaws found a nesting-place in death on the Island of Croix in the old gun on tho North Terrace. | France, at the It was brought from China, weighs 7 tons 3 cwt. 3 qrs. 7 lbs The
¦ ¦	¦ ¦____ reason you
nor makes any dirt, it is absurdly charge twice ns much for my cuffs as easy to clean. Its only fault is that you did formerly? Washerwoman— it somewhat increases the noise of Because you have begun making pep-the traffic, but even this might by cil notes on them. Gent—What dif-hlet 1111(1 by be overcome.	fereuce does that make? Washer-
woman—The girls w ¦ • so much time in trying to make them out.
Yours very respectfully,
George Grant
Mrs. George Grant,
LSigned)
(Signed)
On behalf of l'aislcy W. C. T. Ü
I
»
mete rials shi
0. DUTHII
WOMAN SEA-CAPTAIN
FREE SAMPLE
formation. testimonials and price »eni in p'aln mealmd envelop». Knrloee 2 *. stamp. Ada ma THE SAMARIA REMEDY CO. 26 Jordan St..
TORONTO, Ontario.
1 in
COST NOT EXCESSIVE
CAN A DA’S PREMIER COMPANY
,.	,	of seventy-two,
and has been reported, had tho distinc-
11,0,1 of being tho only woman sea-starlings sit on the end of captain in the world She went to Cromwell’s gun. and it is interest- sea with her father when she was ing to watch them teaching tho twelve years old, and after his death young birds how to fly. The resi- she captained three dents say that tho same pair of | and obtained birds come back to the gun year af- |money
water.
The question of cost has not been
left out of account. Glass can bel Had n nice trip? Yes. rather, made out of almost anything amen- Been doing the Continent? Well, able to the influence of fire. The yes, if you put it that way; but stone glass, to which reference has when X look at my expenses account already been made, is manufactured it rather seems as if the Continent mainly from what have hitherto been had been doing regarded as waste substances. The
slug heaps which disfigure mining	Winks—I don't see wlmt comfort I ter year
and iron districts are all convertible there can be in a straw hat ¦¦¦•¦¦¦BvSdenUy the days of | is heavy and hot. Jinks—Yes; but
think how nice nnd cool your head Perhaps it might be possible in feels every time the hat blows off. connection with one of tho many	-----
projected exhibitions to construct on Please excuse William from school a modest but .«ancient scale a dwcl- to-day. wrote the boy’s mother to ling of the kind M. Ilmrivaux de- 1 he teacher, as In ¦? up late A s. service fund is v d > r-[scribes. People would then he able fht studying hie lessons and is too f.v by the British Parliament for the I to experience the actual sensation of sleepy to come today	¥
purpos.- f d foaling conspiracies j walking along glass floors, of climb-1	-----
against the State. Last year $65,-	j ing a glass	staircase, of being sur-	Manager—Jones won’t give	us any
000 was paid to spies who were em-	I rounded by glass walls, of sitting on	more orders, eh?	Traveller—Well,
ployed for this purpose. For a copy	[glass chairs	nt glass tables, drink-	he didn’t say so in	so many	words!
of a treaty between France and Rus-	I ing tea out	of glass cups and stir-	but that’s what ho	gave me	to un-
FU. known as the Treaty of Tilsit, |ring it with glass teaspoons.	Idvrstand
exeat Britain once paid $200,000
DISTRUSTFUL
/
Stickncy—I don’t trust that new book-keeper.
Piekney—Leave your umbrella where he can get it; then if he steals your umbrella you’ll know he's a thief.
WITH THE
more vessels, [several medals und rewards for heroism on the
me
Paid-up Capital F{eserve Fund Assets ; . . •
«ssssa
paid half yearly, for which lave# torn hare the most
UNQUESTIONABLE SECURITY. Full particulars on application.
THE CANADA PERMANENT AND WESTERN CANADA MORTGAGE CORPORATION
Toronto Street, Toronto.
LARGEST
Mine
into glass bricks and slates arc numbered
fye -hdl/ *4/ ùiA/ o f4Uiuttui& wU
jrr jkXù'Ùsn.i'Snurio "‘
'rhbf' &*-As 1<h/As
'fââtt/ /ùMtfU £>&ttlyry ch&/
scheme!
you mind stepping out for a moment while I put the umbrella into position?
Stickncy—Good
Er-do
SECRET SERVICE FUND
last
Manager—How so? Tra-
Ilow far this could be u	mpliahed | vullcr—lie kicked in out.
J
i

f

###PAGE###7###

y'


I remembered having soon him desccnd-i I Inf the hill, so wo devoted our at-[ I tentions to that side. For nearly " I two hours wo tolled up and down.
Not a sign of
THE LIFE OF WATCHES



\
//
Thai1
j The Man Who Knows.
Influences and Conditions Affect Their Behaviour
but without success the old gentleman was to be seen.
Could ho have mistaken his way and bo even now searching for us on another bench? To make sure of this we set off and thoroughly searched
SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAP- plateau to lie. The undergrowth the two boys in tho direction he
¦mm fc
mveolf down upon my stomach, 1 their acquaintance. Not a sound wriggled my way to its edge. When came up to tho top of tho little pre-I got there I looked over and dis- ciplco save the rustling of tho wind
a in the palme at Its foot. It seemed | Gossip About Some of the World’s At difficult to believe that there had

“Watches,” said the jeweler, as h* screwed a little glass into one eyes and squinted into a case of wheels,] 'are like human beings in many] ways. They are delicate; they run] well only when in perfect order, anti they require attention once in often, whether they stop or notJ They become sick, in a way, as wjf do, sud they gc	then- balanced
The Lion: ' r-r-r, r-r roar-r-r!" I i'»uL, unlike us, when their in..in* The Boar: “Dear me, how very spring breaks they are not nocessar-flercel I implore that you will al-1 }\y done for, unless in another world.
low____”	1 hey can have new mainsprings/
Tho I We can't.
Watches, all jokes aside, are
human sometime#/ Never lay
/
S3»
f

i
i
&
,s .f
r

ur
“R-r-r on r-r-r! ! ! 1
Tho IAon terms will be mine, and not yours!"
IV
mences China Pete's stick, rives off Pip» Lannu.
t #
really almost
read i ly mm a watch on a cold marble table or near an open window all night aftci you have worn it next to your warm body all day; it will contract a sort of pneumonia, and ten to one it will ¦top before long if the practice b# tinued
PERSONAL POINTERS.
pcrlence,” he was told that the quiet unassuming gentleman was tho Duke of Norfolk.
CHAPTER V.—(Continued)
About dusk I was standing aft, covered three well-built huts on leaning against tho tad-rail, when'little plateau at tho clid's base.
Beckenham came up and stood bo- the fame moment a roar of laughter been much a tumult on tho spot ho
side me. It was wonderful what a greeted my ears from the building on I short a time before.	Pope Leo XIII is still addicted to
difference these few months had made the left. It was followed by the Again with infinite care wo crept the habit of taking snulT.HHH.il-In him; he was now ojs brown as a voice of a man singing to tho nccom- down to the buildings, this time, generally known that the muff used berry, and as fine-looking a young paniment of a banjo. Under cover I however, wit hout encountering n by tho head of the Roman Catholic fellow as any man could wish to see, of his music I rose to my feet and soul. The first was empty so was Church is made especially for his use “We shall bo picking up tho Island crept back through tho bushes, by the second, and so was tho third. jn America. This particular kind is directly,” I said as ho come to an , tho track along which I had come. This result was quite unexpected, the highest-priced male anywhere in anchor alongside me. “Do you I knew enough to distribute my I and rendered the situation even more the world, and before being packed think you ought to go to night ? forces now.	mysterious than before.	is flavoured with tho costly attar of
Remember you will run the risk of Having reached my friends again I By the time wo had thoroughly ex- roses
being ehotl"	i Informed them of what I had seen, plored tho plateau and Its surround- Police-Constable Jones, tho artist.
I have thought of that,” ho said.1 and wo then arranged tho mode of mgs it was nearly daylight, and s ill hns had two |dg landscapes hung “I believe it's my duty to do my attack as follows:	Tho mate of the we had discovered no trace of the at the 1{oya| Cambrian Academy,
best to help you and Mr Wethcrell.” j yacht, with two of the hands, would missing man. Just M the «y» rose Hi8 jnrgc painting of a Shropshire “But what would your fa the: may pass round the hill to the left of the «hove the sea line we descended the KCrnc wae onj y conditionally nccept-If he knew?”	! plateau, Wethercll and another cou-|hill again and commenced a second cd nf the Royal Academy, and it
“lie would say that I only did pie of men would take the right side, j •‘•earch along the bench, with no n- - jlag ^eçn crowded out of the Exhibl-what was right. I have just been ! while Beckenham and myself crept 1er luck, however, than on the prev- t|on The artist has a hundred or writing to him, telling him every- down from tho back. Not a sound I ioue occasion. Wethercll and our nioro paintings in his studio, all of thing. If anything should happen was to he made or a shot fired until I assailants seemed to have completely w|jjch he has produced in his spare to me you will find tho letter on the ! I blew my whistle. Then, with one I disappeared from the island.	moments when not acting as care-
chest of drawers in your cabin. I 1 last word of caution, wo started on About six o clock, thoroughly worn taker nt the Leeds Town Hall, know you will send It on to him. our climb.	out’ wo returned to tho spot where
But if wo both como out of it safe- By this time the clouds had cleared the boat was waiting for us ly and rescue Miss Wethcrell I'm go- off the sky and tho stars shone was to bo done? We could not for ing to ask a favor of you?”	brightly. Now and again a bird obvious reasons leave tho island and
“0ranted before I know what it would give a drowsy “caw” as we abandon tho old gentleman to his is!”	disturbed him, or a wild pig would fate, and yet it seemed useless
“It Isn’t a very big one. I want jump up with a grunt and go trot- remain there looking for him, when you to let me be your best man at ting off into the undergrowth, but ho might have been spirited away your wedding?”	beyond these things all was very elsewhere.
“Ho you shall. And a better I still. * Once more I arrived at the Suddenly one of the crew, who had could not possibly desire.”	small precipice behind the huts, and, been loitering behind, came into
“I like to hear you say that. We've having done so, sat down for a few view waving something In his hand, been through a good deal together moments to give the other parties As wc approached wo could see that
since wo left Europe, haven't we?” time to take up their positions. Then it was a sheet of taper, and when he	.	Q.
«T	snAansas sss ett "y ^ ",0"	vg
taken."	clpicc along till l discovered a pince "H you cross the Island to the	J.' 5: '
,hi"k ""	Bfttsi ,r:,r r* is ESEEHSBE
mm; i§ei§ iii-i
How littlo we thought when wc tiptoed towards it and prepared to "Where did you discover this?" 11 mecuoto	¦ ¦¦
were cruising about Bournemouth force my way inside, but I had an inquired of tho man who had brought] Russia s sailor Princes are the ¦	,,	. T . w
Bay together that within such a adventure in store for mo which I	Grand Duke Admiral Alexis and 19	-, V	Amnr>in n-hn nn with
¦¦¦tapi
hand had been posted in tho fore-rig- fingers upon it and squeezed until he «nd, as may be imagined, wc were Lord Duffcrin has the reputation	,	. if _ -T that in
ging as a look-out. and every mom- feii buck unconscious. It was like a al‘ tlcad tired after our long night's of being one of tho finest linguists janan c^rnuk-ncv Is often cultivated eut we expected to hear his warning horrible nightmare, that combat work. However, the men knew they In the United Kingdom. This facil-	corpu en y ^
cry; but nearly an hour passed, and without noise in the dark entry of would be amply rewarded if we could Ity for acquiring languages has been rV 1	.	.	'	„80	DOunds	¦
MHmSH *6
My tea time we had brought the ed ber over ^ over in st) i pressed, forgetting our weariness it famous and genial Dca* Hole, of d Circus, land considerably nearer, and by( uttered a little cry of astonishment the excltcmcnt °r thc search.	Rochester, has returned in 8°°d. Nauko
eight o'clock were within three miles! und deli ht. Then, bidding her step	* T*' and a lor.so 0,ie' health from South Africa. Hole was Loujs c his muscular	vigor was
of it. Not a sign however, of anyjquict,y , passed out |dto the star- So ,ar the lelter wns correct-	one of tho first C I V. », and recalls the wondcr oI thc day
craft could wo	discover	and	t!ie, light, leading her after me. As wc Preparing ourselves, In case of sur- with pardonable pride that tho fact
greatest vigilance had to	bo Çxcrcis"j wer0 abOut to make for thc path by Prise, we approached the entrance, that ho got twenty recruits for the
ed on our port to allow no sign to which j ha(1 descended, Beckenham calling Mr. Wethcrcll's name. As corps who averaged 6ft. in height
escape us to show our whereabouts, s- . forward and at the samo’our shouts died away a voice came and over 40in. in chest measurement. |	  kor	miI,tary	an(1 naval	purposes
assembled on deck, and the surf-boat ££d fe a sh*ut of alarmh In nn A remarkable sight met our eyes, but 6ft. 6in. in height and broadly	gets Ever Found.	nrms continually	more than 3.000,-
was swung overboard. Then in the ins^an^ there was a noise of scurry- In the centre of thc cave was a stout made in proportion. Moreover, lie The largest gold nugget in the (M'° mcn- with six times as many rea-darkness we crept down thc gangway] .	and a great shouting of or- upright post, some six or eight feet has genuine ability, and a broad wor|c| Was found in New South Wales. (,y to h.V to arms when the word
and took our places. The mate dçrg	°	in height, and securely tied to this sympathy with his fellow not to bo n waJ worth $148,000. It was 'mobilise is spoken. It is estimate
was in possession of the tiller, and j *^fahe for the boats!” I cried at was the Colonial Secretary of New acquired in thc schools.	J 4 feet 9 inches long, 3 feet 3 inches ‘d that the community loses at least
when all was ready wc set off for tho t|je top of my voice| and taking South Wales.	*	Milner is not only of German wide, and four inches in thickness ^*0 & year for each man who is
shorc-	Phyllis by the hajid, set off as quick- In less time almost than it takes dcsccnt on ono side, but received his throughout.	kcpt	arn,\s	nn(i1l is> therefore,
ly as I could go up tho path, Beck- to tell, we had cast loose the ropes . Gaining in German schools.!	The great “find” was unearthed at unproductive.	lor	all	Kiiropu this
enham, assisting her on the other which bound him, and led him, for His grandfather settled in Germany a	small mining camp called Hill End. loss would amount	to $600,000,000,
HBSHÉHHB
¦saH

Great People.

FAT FOLKS AS ATHLETES

It Is not
The cold contracts th« metal pivots, which, small as they are, must not bo smaller, and they Though, am a rule, excessively shrink. Thus the wheels cannot stout people refrain from entering move.
tho athletic arena, there are occa- "Watches are magnetized, too, by sions when they essay to emulate the persons who wear them. I havt tho feats of their leaner brethren, seen the statement that watches vary Such a one occurred some month» in timekeeping with the health ol since at Berlin, Germany, when a the wearer, nnd that if changed from race over a short course took place, one person to another they will alsd between a butcher and a tailor, show slight variations. All of that weighing respectively, 336 and 378 |8 true. The static electricity of a pounds. This thc latter, after a person may effect a watch. All ol desperate finish, won by a yard. The „„ throw this off; some more than time was not stated, hut in all pro- others. Dark persons give off mors bability record was not. beaten. than light ones do, and a dark wo« Tho king of all fat men Daniel mari more than any one else. Dark Lambert, of England, prided himself women should have rubber cases foi upon his pedestrian abilities, and on their watches if they wish to have one occasion showed that as a pugil-1 them 1st his punishing powers would have gained him respect. When out. with
a friend ho found himself unexpected-1 "Never lay a watch flat, at nighv, ly face to face with a large bear, after it has been worn in a vertical which had broken loose from its position all day. It throws it off it! master's control. Bruin, being cith- base, so to speak. If the pivots b< cr playfully or spitefully inclined, worn, the wheels will not run level, went for thc man-mountain, who, "A sudden jar will often stop < nothing daunted, resolutely met its watch, which runs regularly at that| charge, which, on its	being	again re*	such a jar as getting	on or off	a
peated, he effectually	stopped with	car suddenly.	The	hairspring'!
such a vigorous right-handed blow catching does bins. Thc jolt comet as stretched the animal senseless in at thc exact fraction of a second ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ [when	a
Among the votaries of tho wheel catch. This occurs at infrequent in^ can be numbered several weighty rid- tcrvals, as may he readily imagined# crs. An expert cyclist, residing at A watch should be fed or oiled every Waterford, Ireland,	turns	the scale	eighteen months,	even	if running	in
308 pounds—a	not	excessive	the best of time.	Thc	oil dries	in
weight when his height, 6 ft. 6in., is that time, nnd the wheels are likely taken into consideration. A well- to wear one another, known Dublin physician, 70 pounds "All jewelers examine watches in heavier, is likewise an ardent rider; the same way; it seems to be a tradition of thc croft. First, a man will look at the hands, as I have ges in most outdoor games, having teen doing If they ore not caught an especial liking for lawn tennis. they will take out the balance wheel Weightier by far than either of nnd examine the pin and thc pivots,
which you see here. Sometimes 1 do not find the trouble for days* The hardest thing to detect is a slight 'burr' on one of the wheels ; this may throw the entire watch oui
Some of Them Do Most Remarkable Feats.
I
Dr. Boyd Carpenter, who recently paid a flying visit to tho Empress Frederick, has always been a favorite with tho members of tho Royal tu I Family. There is not a more popu-1 lar Bishop on thc Bench than ho, and among tho million people who live in his diocese it would not be easy to find one to speak ill of him. He is one of tho working Bishops. He is said to travel, within tho bounds of his diocese, over ten thousand miles a year.
KEEP PERFECT TIME
What
the road.
I #
« f
gear.
'Now, I will wind this watch of yours, and show that all thc trouble with it is that it is run down. Unusual! Oh, no; that frequently happens. Some one is in here every day with an unwound watch, thinking that it is out of kelter because it will not run. They forgot to wind it, and arc afraid to do it over again. Women arc our best customers in that line. Of course, I could get $1 for this, but tho talk will
up
London, was Emile Five stone heavier than
VALUE OF MEN
In Time of War Said to be Worth
$200 a Head.
HANDFULS OF WEALTH.
CHAPTER VI


an
i




###PAGE###8###

1
QOOD NEWS
E. HODCINS & SON’S ADVT.
our
For Men and Women
NEW MUSLINS
LEADERS.
High Class Goods
AT THE VERY LOWEST PRICES.
WHITE BOOTS, RED BOOTS,
BLACK BOOTS AND SHOES,
PATENT LEATHER BOOTS
in fact everything in the line of
SPRING AND SUMMER FOOTWEAR
from a Goodyear Welt to a common Split Bal.
can be had at the
BOOT & SHOE STORE.
IfU	It
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue ¦ ¦ ¦ -
2 0th Century Umbrellas at - -
$15.00
We have had a very successful trade in MUSLINS. Have sold about five times many as ever before in one season, and still a couple of warm months are before
)
l
as
$12.50
us.
$1.00
We have just received a few pieces of N ice New Goods :
IH|. STEWART
OPPOSITE
- • PONTIAC1 HOUSE - -
SHAWVILLE.

A- R. McGUIRE.
P. S.—We take Eggs for Hoots.
One
piece Colored IV|uslin at 5c.
OTTAWA, NORTHERN THE WAR. & WESTERN R’Y.
2
u
do
a
15c.
Alleged Massacre.
THE ANNUAL FETE.
11 French Dimity do “ 17c.
1	“ Striped White do “ 10c.
do do “ 12-c.
Also a few pieces of NEW BABY LACE and INSERTION.
1
WUuLK nor.il LAAOKB SLAVUIIKBBD BY
ISWAXI9.
Kitchener Confirms The Murder
Story.
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
'Hu* Central C ma.ta Exhibition Association will hold their
L	.Tu’y 8.— Trooper F. U. Ham-
. of Culchcth, a «Tout -with the Royal :j*3 Ureys, Major Allenby’i column. »a It t t r published in the Liverpool Express girts detail of a terrible nun*» j ere of Buts by Swims.
Hamilt *n a oil 14 other scouts on the , b »rder if Sw tailatid in search of a party r 11 >ere met ^ solitary B<»er riding for h s life with assegai wounds all over his
Summer Time Card
Tafcing Effect, Monday May 13. 1901
m; II \S TilK TESTIMONY OF SEVhN MEN W
Ptntinil Anial Fall Fait
-AT-
OTTAWA
(SAW Till* HOKK8* ( lit KM"Y AT VJAXKUNTEIN I ' '
f	____ I Sc
L. ndon, .1 uly It?. — Official corrobor-• at ion of the charges that the B «ers mur-derud l ie British wounded at Vlakfoi:-| tein pron.isea eonn to he f irthcommg.
In the llt-uae of V minons yesterday replying to question» of Henry Norman (Libérai) the war secretary, Mr. Brodrick , , real the telegraphic corresponde! c) with Lord Kitchener on the subject. The "et“w u* that the Swazis had risen latter at liret declared that the report	a-sacred the whole lot, some GO
were unfounded, but he subsequently ,r "0 tools in r:1, he hiing the only one 11 leg replied the statement cf a wounded |t0 e85aPe*. I h two hours after our yeomanry < tticer, corn horating the re- i meeting him. and died in fearful agony, ports, and finally Lord Kitchener, July p. ’h"u4h we did all wo could for the poor informed Mr. Brodiuk that he had the r^'** testimony of seven men to the effect tha* | they saw B »ers ihoot the wounded. Lord Kitchener added that was being forwarded.
History of Farm Burning
w HAT LOUD LOBERTS T. II» THK BOE1LS.
<(
1
I
Train No- 1 1 Train No.
Train Nv,
Train No. 4 Train No, \
Train Vo. (*•
Train N t<
Train No. 7 ’
Train-* X.». 1 i
Tram No.
Trains Xo
Trains Xu
For tii kits apply I : kit A pint,'Central 8t:tivu.
P. W. RERSEMAN.
tien'l Sup'l.
ivos Oitnwa f> Oe V. M, M3 A. M. 8,(K* A. M f .16 V. M. 1.80 I*. M. 8.10 I\ M. 7.4 V. M. 1* V A. M.

i »
- FROM -
SEPT. 13th to 21st, 1901.
VM
i
t
1 2 dal! i <taUy
6 Sat

M«|
rvliiv & SuihUv.
• Mui
ENTRIES CLOSE ON SEPT NTH.
• 4.1
lint
Die Ci old Medal Special Prize List is big ger and better than ever thi
NEW TAFFETA RIBBONS,
White, Light Blue and Pink—25c.
s year.
offered in cnsh prizes by the Massey- j Harris Company.
A Per a ten hour»' ride wo came to a I hi eh farm, which some hundred nr more dusky warriors in full war paint had tiken posst mini of. They nv>s‘ f ijndly die posed towards us. The chief denied being the leader of an attack against the Boer laager, but willing to conduct us to the act tie.
We came to a very steep hill. What a
Londcn, July 13 —The correspondence lcene ot* desolation awaited ui at the
;;	*¦«]',	between the varie us Boer generals and	,0P ' Twelve	wagons	in a	circle, ail
the British Coinmander-in-Chief in S »uth reat,y to inepan, but rio oxen or mulei;
Africa between February and October, 0,1 ty l^e harners, furniture broken up,
BKX), with reference to the destruction of crockery, clicks, e‘c, all s’rewn abou’,
7.;>2	property, has just	been issued.	no 1 ving soul	but our	party,	and some
Ou the pat of	the B era a somewhat	fresh’y dug graves. I	have	seen some
cavilling spirit is	noticeable throughout	horrible havoc	wrought	by she	1, but no
7.06 the whole correspondence. Vague R;b th’ng to compare with this.
orts, while specific accusations are taken *' seemed that about 3 o'clock in the in detail and proved to be totally untrue mor,1'nK (he Swaz's attacked the laager On May 19, for instance, Commandant whilst ail were sleeping. Smie made a Do Wet complained that “ the following ^eble resistance, others tied their ch.ld-1 steamboat lines both for visitors and farms have been destroyed by troops un	reri on P0™*8 to make their escape,
der your Excellency ¦ command, i. e., others baled rifles to hand to the able-
Ptiizikfontem, belonging to Commandant	h°d ed, but all to no purpose,^ the Swa-j	F°r	Prize Lists	Entry Forms,	and all In-
P Fouri ; Paardi Kraal, farm of P.	2‘8 overwhelmed them by numbers, and	|	formation,	address	the secretary.
I Fourii, jim ; and Lecuw Kop, farm of	8^w ^hem all by assegai and hembo
Christian Richter.	(axes), afterwards tik ng the axei, horses
WHITE fla(i treachery.	»dmalw,.nd losing the w.gons.
in T.y. j », »	,	I ney made graves s >me e x inchts deep
for euAeZetit	^	' f°r ,htif Victlm’’ with the ldea “>eir
11 At

Pontiac Pacifie Joictmi By
-----;)----
per yard.
sworn testimony
Special Attractions comprise* Balloon cernions and Parachute Leap, Trained Elephants, Slack Wire Artists World -1 F unous Dancers, all the finest special- * ties which money < an secure.
The spectacular In the evening will he n representation of the “ Siege of Tien | r>!n ' an 1 the destruction of the Boxe Stronghold. All the soldiers of the dlf-1 feront nations will be correctly uniformed, and the representation will be the I * finest ever placed before the public.
Immense Fireworks Display In connection therewith.
were
AS-
Official Time Table :
P.M.
a.at. A rrl ve 9 4: 9.2i 9.(4
was
5.46 Leave
Aylmer ? Brtvken ridge r Kuril ley Parker's Crossing
?	‘Mohrs Q u yon
Wyman's
tTank
Bristol
McKee’s
Shawville
Clare’s
Campbell's Bay tTank Î* Vinton Coulonge
*	Mellon's Waltham
6 (M
6.12
I *
E. HODGINS & SON.
6.18
8.69
8.2b
6.37
6.47
I I
I «
h'22
r
6.56
SI
• I
3.11

6.58
« •
8.08

7.04
<i
8.02
• «
7.26
7.45
7.31
ft •

r.ov
7.IS
I •

8(13
7.16
• «
812
« ft
ft •
s
8.30
6.64
• 47
ft ft
6.39
I«55 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTank. t’Flag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
Leave 6.30
Three Cheers for
SPECIAL RATES
on nil rai'wny and

ARMSTRONG BROS

exhibitors,
P W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
"J
WM. HUTCHISON, cx M. P„
President. E. MrMAHON,
Secy., 20 Sparks St-
of Ladysmith.
are giving
the farmers of Pontiac a good, straight price for their FARM PRODUCE.
—--000--—
Farmers, get our prices before you dispose of .. your butter and eggs this summer.
CALL EARLY AND AVOID THE RUSH.
Try cur 25c. Tea.
CANADA mm
T. C. BATE. Treasurer.
They are the men who
BAILWAY
p , . . „ .	never being found. We unearthed eix
pgiEigpHÎi
Kraal and Loeuw Kop farms were destroyed under my orders because while a while flag was flying from the h
i
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Harvesters will be Needed in
Manitoba.
To buy well, watch the latest prices ant! information in the special TRADE PRESS.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
__	ousts mv
On and after June 16,1901, and until further advised I trooP9 wcro fired upon from the farm-
train service will be as follows :	| Steads,
zstrzEzs issu. I «va*	I .-F—- tes
tions. Arrives Montreal li.aoa. m. RockUuU	*na continue to pun so all such cases <f	tts to the	way and	means t f bringing :n
IKSÎlJÏSïM'ïamî 11 Cotelu Juncli011-	lr“chery by «>• *rtructioD.f the f.im,	harve.t	hands	from the „u:h	and
*9.10 A.M , Limited, arrives'Montreal.! SO a.m .	'T' "	I	Th* PKW“t« *»' * *'Mt b»rVW)
Hawkeabury Branch making close connections Atrocious chargea were also brought. i<lre 10 ^reat ,Rat many thouaande of
«ate cLteuLetis
bS.OO A.M. Sundays only-Stope at Intermediate	women and children after having turned Itîie. Rumber w:l1 be frade by the C. P.	R ,
stations Arrives Montreal 11.00 a.m. Pullman	them cut of their hnmee. Theee airain	»nd they	will be	advertised for in	the
* ; «	were proved u, true, and in manvin' I Ea" immediate,,. There i, no doubt
Gk“ R<’1’ •ttne“ tbe womt,n wh0 -ere supposed to but,'kat al! -ho cum. will be able to get
Arrives Montreal ti 40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Car have bjen left to starve on the veldt were ' worK at Sood wages
alt pomls	"bT" to h>v? b"?n “^fally looked after ; “
nil points south of the St. Lawrence River, st. tPnceor twice Lord Roberts wrote Albans Burlmgtoo.ctc.. Arriving Boston 7.00a.* Louis Botha pnining cut that “
tog c.7 Ottawa*to New	=""" "'"*" I lively «mall band, of aimed H
«6.55 P. M. Lov al—Stops *• t Intermediate stations lhemaelvea on farms and «Heavor to da Arrives Montreal iooon.ro. Cennecte st Coteau mage the tail way, thus endangering the ^unction iur t ornwall, Kingston, Toronto. Chicago | lives of passengers travelling by train, who
may or may not be combatants.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper %Ko Hardware and Matai Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
I
# o
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
Five per cent off for cash.
ARMSTRONG BROS, LADYSMITH
Advertise in The Equity.

OHAWVI LIE’S
** NEW
New Jewellery Store.
tr
com pa racers conceal
SASH and DOOR
In the premises lately occupied by Mrs. George Bodging, in the
Hodgins Block, a thoroughly up-to-date stock of
Trains arrive at Ottawa Csnaral Depot ;	I	GUERILLAS' RISK.
« id %% cZSCElT I Rob»te.bbS^Sdupon m «gàüf/forcei
<9.05 P. M. Local- From Montreal, and Inter-1 bu! ralher 88 guerilla,, mediate pointa. Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto. Ill hi, endeavor to whitewash the
MooKZt, pH“ Pulbn“ I'-r,°r U"' U‘v'n= I "Hhc.e band., Lou,, Buth. wrote :
' ?lop.m* L'rù!tou,7Fr^orMUrml “ in wmSïïïînT "	I C0.n",Cti0n fW‘tb .formrr '"'"*
¦ not bo expected that Urge command ^ .TJw"'	ta pjdU* B
of our own should be everywhere in the *** of firFt^ machines forthe man-
field, and it therefore stands to reason ufa^ure of all kinds of
that whatever ia done by our side, at Qeali throughout the whole war, muet be done I by insignificant forces.
And finally on October 23 Lord Roberts replied.—
V With regard to tbe etafe of organisation which exists among the burgher forces at the present moment, I am com-
Train, arrive it Ottawa Central Depot •	. pelled to point OUt t° your honor that
11.10 A.M. From Madawaaka, Pembroke. Egan- I;?!,1" Ue ,C" V* DOt “tL’a,1J aw.Ctoted vifie, Renfrew. Arnprior and intermediate points, j organi'/ed forces, but hive degene
5 55 r- M Prom Parry Sound. Epanville, Ren- ***** *nto • RUeriîla warfare which I shall r«w, Aruprioraud intermediate points.	be compelled to repress by those HT
,netkod*which ciT,1'eed
FACTORY.
Jewellery, Watches, Silverware, Etc.
Is now open to inspection.
acts
o
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND PROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Outrai Depot :
8 15 A. M. For A rnprior, Renfrew. Eganville, Peru-broke, Barry s Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry Sound and intermediate points.
4 40 P. M For A rnprior. Renfrew, Egan ville, Pembroke, Matte wa*ka and intermediate stations.
1.00 P« M; Mixed Train for Arnprior, Renfrew Egan vu ie, M.^iawaskaand intermediate stations.

on
and will be
Doors,
Mouldings,
/
repairs
Turnings, See.
For which I am now prepared to receive o niera and guarantee first-class work.
/
SsSlll^ES
• 'Æ THnB WATCHMAKER....
BLOCK, - Opposite Pontiac House - SHAWVELLE.
excep-natiene
have at all timea found it obligatory to use under flte eircumetances.
Thanking roy many customer* for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future increase lu business.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Russell Boose Elect.
*=? M®e “SftSM I	Hi2
a.	Train* run daily except today.	that the paper will, in future be *’strict-
b.	Send*/0Lij. e, Daily.	i ly Independent.t#
JOIN 6. ELLIOTT
PROPRIETOR.
i
