###PAGE###1###
¦" I



1
r








No. ft —18th Yeah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, AUG
S 1.00 a Yea it in Advance.
16, 1000
Mrik-J. Sloano, of I’enosylvania, ar
rived last week to visit lier mother and relative* in thin section.
Ven. Archdeacon and Mr*. Naylor returned homo last week.
Mr*, .f. («. Hufcterworth, of Ottawa, is visiting her mother, Mis. Shaw.
Mrs. Hugh Riley, of l )tlawa, has been visiting her sister-in-law, Mrs. Lyon, for some weeks past.
Mrs. Walter Blythe, of Ottawa is visiting friends in this neighborhood.
Mr*. C1. H. Taggart, of Ottawa, has been visiting her mother, Mrs. .las. Hodgins.
Miss McEachrmi, and her n Laura Woodley, returned on Wednesday evening after a 0 weeks visit to Desert.
Mr. It. Woodley, Mi W Master Clifton left Rockland, Ont.
Miss Smith, of Billings Hi idgu, wa *
the guest of Mrs. Dilworth last week.
Mr. Neil Campbell, of Arnprior, "wife and children, are visiting in town, the guests of Mr. C. IL Wain man.
ru-jnested to make application to the Secretary, stating number of feet, required, and iIn- directors w:ll <l< i! with tlient at f he til 4t n
Yes, it’s Hot !
Mil
OTTAWA. CANADA.
...........Sl.UM.WK).
......... 1,7:11, OHO.
.......... 1,403,310.
livid Office! .. .. Capital wuliavrlhed Capital paid up ..
K (Iramam,
Svu. -Truahurei
OF CANADA.
Best
Hoard of Direct ora
- $6,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
CAPITAL
Charles Mao eh, Ehq., President Giorgi H a y, esq. , Vice* President
Ht «>. Ih Alex. Kkakkh. Emq ,
Bristol Council
Everyone says so.
John Mather, Enq. Davii» MacLakkîi, Hhq.
Minutes of regular session « cipnl Council of the townshi helil in the town hall on Monday, the sixth day of Alignât, 1ÎKJ0.
Present, K. (iinham, Mayor; Council* loin, Lucas, Kelly and Morris.
Minute# of last session of Council lead.
Moved hy
f the Mimi-i of Bristol
Dennis MvRFHY, E«g
Head Office, • Montreal.
General Manager ..	.. Manager
GEORGE BURN U. M. KIN NIK
<
Brandie* : IN ONTARIO
simvviLi.i: iikaxiii,
Mi
If you are looking for a cool spot, try our shop. Our customers say it’s cool and comfortable and so it is—bright, airy and cool—a nice place to do your shopping, and we are selling all Summer Goods at cooling prices.........
Money loaned on approved security al reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
10 A.M.T 10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
Lanark.
P.irrv hound, Pembroke,
Hat Portage, do Hank Ht. Renfrew do Hide tu Ht. T'imntn, ViUikleek Hill, Smith's Falls.
IN MAN ITU HA :
Keewatm. Kemptv Hi Mnttnwa. Ottawa.
Alexandrin,
Am prior, Avonmore, Hia whrMge, Curie to n
coun. Kelly, seconded by <•"1111. Morris, and resolved, that the minutes as read he adopted.
A petition was laid lwfore the hoard hy conn. Morris, signed hy twelve ratejayers of the village of Inkerman, requesting that Homo measures ho taken hy the Council to keep the cattle off the streets in the village.
(halley and n Thursday for
rince
ll.twkobury,
Wlnnlj
Dauphin
' portage La Pmirie IN QUEBEC :
Office Hours Hatukdayh .
P.M
Urhut.
Hull
Montreal,
Agent# In Canada, New York and Chicago Bank of Montreal.
Agent* in Ht. Paul- M' l-'himtt Nat. Bank. Agent* in Loudon, Eng.—Purr's Bank Lt\j
Moved hy coun. Lucas, seconded hy conn. Kelly, and resolved, that John Trudeau ho and is hereby appointed to v .	impound all cattle, horses, sheep and
Sunday next, August 19th,	the	pjgg found upon the public highway in or
UNDERTAKING.	Right	Rev d. Bishop Bond will pay	Ins	around the village of Inkerman, and that
Cuthbertson.Gpnham 6c Elliott still	v ls,r f" Lmrendon parish, and will he receive as remuneration one half the
THERE IS NO PLEASURE SO SWEET|EE^H'-SrfiES
¦	I attention and charges moderate. the continuation service at St. 1 aul s Coun. Morris, and resolved, that the Sec
ehurch ounday mornroa at 10 lock, retary instruct road inspector Richard and will af erwards administer Holy Com-, <;ibb.,ns to open up the original water muiiion. It is hoped that the B shop course from the lake on lot 18, range 9; will preach also at the regular evening niake a suitable culvert across the ninth sen ice. All the Her vices outside of Shaw- concession line road on said water course, Mile, except at North ( larendon, w ill lie the work to he completed hy the first day suspended to enable everyone to attend „f September next.
the Bishop*# service here.	j- 1	*--------------
On Monday Bishop Bond will crate the new St. All
Bishop’s Visit
Farmers and Millmen !
As that which Is combined with Profit
The heat in Chicago last week is said to have downed all past record#, both
Keep us in mind when you want
Binder Twine,
Machine Oil,
Paris Green, *	&
Harvesting Tools,
Binding and Threshing Mitts, Cylinder Oil,
Engine Fittings,
Engine Packing,
Belt Lacing,
Belt Rivets, Punches, &c.
“ Always at right prices.”
A SUMMER SESSION!'"—
ing, Dry Good*, Boots and Shoes, leas, Groceries, Crockery, etc., during thin month.	J. \K Cotie,
Portage du Fort
Specially designed for those who are anxious to Improve the summer moat hs and to turn them to profit, will open JULY 9, and continue for six weeks, for the taking up of Business and all Commercial matters, Shorthand and Typewriting, English and French and .... other special studies....
PARENTS' ATTENTION ! ! ! ! Why have,
the hoys ami girls wasting their time i / around home during the summer vaca* .... . Won when they could be getting a start- Killed.
Moved by coun. Morris, seconded hy ,	trlnSiU ! coun. Lucas, and resolved, that rural in*
>tm s church at l ark- Upector W. .1. Tubman, be paid @1.25 man. The service will be at 10 o clock, fur j,js S(...vlveN
and it is expected many visiting clergy Moved‘hy coun. Lucas, seconded hy will mm n attendance.	| coun. Morris, and resolved, that road in
V;	16	' J ^ IhIh j> will j Rector J<dm Curley, he notified tore-
pay his ofhcial vis,t to X Clarendon par- Ll0Ve all lumber and other obstructions is l, wheie the Re\. H. • . Boyle is in-: frum the public road, leaving a clear road* cum >ent, and on hat.unlay will leave Way forty feet wide, and have the road
again by tram for EanHey.	put in good repair across lot ten, range
I he Bishops other appointment* are eight forthwith
m follows î-Thuralay. Aug16th, Quy Moved by coun. Kelly, seconded by on. the Lev. \ Fitzgerald ; Friday, coun. Morris, and resolved, that the Aug. Lth, Bristol Mines, Rev. J. J. Council adjourn.
. 21st, Portage du | A. NX reland, student-in* charge ; Aug. 22ml, Clarke’s ; Aug. 23rd,
Thorne, Rev. C. Lu mm is.
The venerable Bishop will he welcomed gladly once more to this locality.
Thar a man of his age, 85 years, should he still hale and hearty, able to perform the arduous duties of his office is perhaps at present unparalleled.
During a thunder storm at Vinton on the 6th inst., an old building belonging to Mr. Thus. Kavanagh, and used as a was struck hy lightning, and the pigs enclosed therein were
ing of a practical education at a very TEACHERS* ATTENTION
The McKay Milling Company has sold the water lots cf the Company at the Chaudière (where the mills stood)to Mr.
I A special
course will be taken up during the sum-	. non/inn
mer session designed f<>i teachers who | J. it Booth foi tl«vtUUU
îlütoîh-Æ" return *to't h e'î r" sé h ' lo ! s Bailie Brm ' «w mills at Aylmer were in the fall, feeling that they have some | completely destroyed hy tare on Werines’ thing practical to give their boys and day night. Loss, over @20,000; insurance girls.	@9,000.
J
Lowe ; Tuesday, Aug Fort, Mr. A. A. I
Kechnie. Sucre t u ry * T runs urei
E. Graham, Mayor
Ml W IAL RATES FOR THOSE ENTER ISO FOR THE HVMNEK SltWlOS WILL BE ALLOWED TO ALL I ERHONM WHO ENTER THEIR NAMES BEFORE JI LY NINTH.
Drop a Postal for full information.
Mr. Poupore wired us on Tuesday night stating he had mailed his valedictory address to the electors of this county. As it would inconvenience us considerably to delay printing until it arrives, we can only promise its apjiearance next issue.
PORTAGE DU P ORT
The Lord Bishop of Montreal will visit the parish of Portage du Fort on the following dates :	Aug. 21st, Portage, 10.30
a. in.;Aug. 22nd, Clarkes, 10.30, a. in.
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE.
Bryson, - Que.
The Kickapoo Indian Medicine Company are in Shaw ville, and will remain for a few days longer. Teeth extracted free for those who buy medicine. Office hours from 10 a. in. to 5 p. m.
A word about their medicines
Bishop Bond will administer the A;k>8-'olic Kite of laying on of hands upon
Another Drowning at Lake
Deechene.
J. H. SHAW
candidates for confirmation, and also will preach at both services.
Mr. J. T. Kelly, Mattawa, Ont., spent ' and Friday visiting friends
LOCAL NEWS,
Treacherous Lake Deschene last week added another chapter to the long list of I Thursday are they f 1 he purest, safest, and most victims it has engulphed within the past here.
reliable medicine known to humanity, ten years. Tom and Leo Steers, sons of I Rev. A. Brunet and Miss Doyle return The essence of their nature is health ;	Mr. Connell Steers, of 195 Waller	St.. Ie(* home on Friday evening,	having	en
their elements are blood-making, blood-	Ottawa, were the unhappy lads who	met	j'O’fd their three	weeks’	change	of	cli
cleansing, blood-purifying ; their compos- an untimely fate, while they with their 1 |l*atv. ition based upon God-giving instincts; father and two younger brothers, were I Mj their combinations founded upon a solid crossing the lake to Aylmer, after rock of centurial experience ; their vir- spent the day fishing around the islands
tues absolutely indispensable ; they only Ul that locality. A terrific thunderstorm I day in Shawville the guests of Mrs. An are limited by their never-ceasing produc- broke over the lake as the little party drew Hodgins.
tion. No poisonous ingredients enter were out in mid stream, and the wind-	Mrs.	McQ :arrie,	(nee	Miss	Mabel
into their formula ; no mineral is tolerat- tossed billows gradually filled the little I	Thomson)	Schreiber,	Ont.,	is	the guest
ed in their pharmacopoeia ; no subtle craft until it finally swamped and Mr "f her mother, Mrs. Walter Thompson, chemical fumes in their medicinal pro- Steers and his four boys were left Hound- j Miss Jennie Beckett left here Saturday nerties, which are roots, leaves, gums, ering in the angry water. Mr Steers warning for Buckingham lwirks and herbs Try them for indiges-	strove heroically to save his sons, hut	the ‘	Master Dewar	T1
tion, dyspepsia, rheumatism, liver com-	task was too great, and before relief	nr
plaint and kidney diseases.	rived, the two eldest, above named,
Editor Equity ;	weakened through fatigue lost their | *,e™
Dear Sir,—1 have no doubt that a num- grasp of the boat, and they sank out of her of young men from your neighlx»r- sight to rise no more. The other two hood intend entering McGill University " i^1 arms locked around his neck, he this autumn. I wish to state that the managed to sustain until three young officers of the Young Men's Christian As- French-Canadians arrived in a lumber sociation of McGill University, extend to boat, and plucked them from the jaws of
all such a hearty invitation to avail them- death. A very few moments’ delay Dr. G. G. Stewart, who is visiting at selves of the privileges of the Association	would	have decided the fate of all.	El inside at present, intends lea vine
building. \N e will arrange to meet any	The	lxxlies of the two unfortunate	boys	about the 20th inst., foi Monfana.
new student at the station, and to aid were recovered near Aylmer whayf, one At a recent session of our Council an him in securing lodging, etc., if sufficient on Friday night and the other on Natur- ordinance was passed requiring parties to notice of time of arrival, and station is day morning, and taken to their late i cut down thistles and all noxious weeds sent to the General Secretary. We will homo in Ottawa, from whence the funeral I growing on the highways opposite their be pleased to send a copy of our new I took place on Saturday. Very much premises. Our mayor led oil with a hand book, and to be of any service ihjs- symj>athy is felt for the grief stricken prompt and due performance of his ol,lisible to all who will send their names I family under the very sad circumstances. | gâtions under this head, and his good ex
and addresses to the undersigned at — I	_______ fample was followed by * few others; but
Sherbrooke St., Montreal. Thanking	beyond this, so far as I am aware,	little
for your kindness in publishing this,	Co of Pontiac Ag. Society No.	1.	heed seems to have been given the	Coun-
Yours respectfulFy,	--- cil's dictum. The fact furnishes one
Jam R Cox M D	items prom the sec.-treasurer. j more of the countless evidences of the
General Secretary. I	---- perversity of human nature.
		1 The Shawville Exhibition will he held McCredie Bros, are erecting a nice coton Tuesday, the 18th Septemlier—one | tage at Norway Bay day only, instead of two as mentioned in Mayor Heliner, of Hull, who spent ...	., q i j ,, the prize lists.	some time at the Bay, was delighted with
jJS'Èm’Vw 1"	IK 5-,
Miss M. E. McGregor in charge of the Directors printed in the prize lists for ; among the recent armais at t.ie Bay.
Model Department. The success of this 1i<>00.	Rev. Mr. Morrison and family, are
teacher during the past 3 yew* has been Tenders wanted, to erect horse and away holidaying in the neighborhood of
............
marks, and Grade III Model also all pass- Plans of speciffcations can be seen at Rev. M. H. 8c<ttg	I
cd with one exception. The entrance fees the office of Dr. Alexander. Lumber ill-1 Mr. A. Riddell, of Arnpnor, who has Wing very moderate, It is to be hoped a rea(iy on the m ound. Tenders to he in just returned from Leipsic, Germany,
as i s=i
books will be provided by either the Prin- mittee to deal with the tenders, and su- toi. S-une of lus fi lends .mu ail mu ers cipal or the Sec.-Treasurer at cost. Pupils ! perm tend the structure.	gave a picnic in his honor at the Bay on
from outside	schools	admitted	on same I * Smiley Jos K Smith and	Dr.	Wednesday. He intends leaving for
= |	^ w .
Sec.-Treasurer. tions. A number of specials are already ; ing relatives at Elm side.	j The Townships of Onslow, Bristol,
placed in their hands for that purpose. Mr. George Graham and a party of ! Clarendon, Thorne and Aldfibld hav-The above committee will be pleased to	young people went up to the Kazubazua	jng	taken	out of my agency and
accept contributions for that branch	any	I plains last week in quest of the luscious I	to	that of Mr. F. A. Gcndron, of
time during the next two weeks.	blueberry, but with what results I have	%	^	the	people	of the above townships
EESEes MKMr-
, ».	A„. ,	'	*C. L, A«T.
What
For Organs, Pianos and Sewing Ma ^ehines, see A. Howard at Pontiac House
BORN.
At Calumet Island, on the 10th inst., to Mr. and Mrs. J. Connelly, of North Bay, a son.
At Shawville, on Tuesday, morning, the 12th inst., to Mr. and Mrs. It. Mitchell, a son.
Fob Fashionable Dressmaking call on Miss McHugh, over G. F. Hudgins' store.
Mr. Jackson has been engaged for the past two or three weeks at Mr. John Armstrong’s, of Clarendon Front.
For Sale—Team of work horses weighing about 2,400 lbs. Will give three years’ time to good man.—E. T. Martin, Ladysmith.
Mr. Sam Dale has purchased Mr. It. Strutt’s dairy wagon, and has taken over the milk business, for some years carried on hy him.
The Kickapoo Indian Med. Co. have been in town for the past week and are entertaining large crowds nightly with amusing programmes.
Mr. W. W. Ireland went- to Chester-ville last week to meet Mrs. Ireland, who has been visiting relatives in that locality for some time. They returned to town on Friday evening.
Wanted.—-Two men and teams for threshing season of about fifty days. Will take teams without men if necessary. Apply, stating wages, to
E. T. Martin, Ladysmith.
Miss Carey left here Saturday morning havin'^ |to visit friends in Park man.
! Mrs. and Miss Thompson, spent Mon-
Snaps in
IAN0S
vmipson, Renfrew
spent Sunday in Portage.
Mrs. Darrell, Ottawa, is visiting friends
The Misses McCagg suent Tuesday in
Coil
going fast I
Shawville
BRISTOL.
We have the following BARGAINS only now
.. remaining : .. ..
One only Hood Square Piano, rosewood case
One Gilbert Piano One Dominion Square Piano, rose-
• wood case, carved legs, in splendid condition
The above all on three years payments.
• *
$ 75.
# #
e e
150.
• e
e e
150.
I
ou
am
Montreal, Aug. 3rd, 1900
For further particulars see
Mr. J. R. Horner, .. Shawville,
who Is our authorized representative for the Counties of Pontiac and Ottawa.
An aged telegraph lineman named St. Denis, was killed on Saturday by a fall from a jiole in the Hintonburgh section, on which he was engaged fixing wires. The breaking of the pule caused tha accident.
Shawville Academy
Mr
D. W. KARN COMPANY, L’t’d,
During his absence Archdeacon Naylor had a very pleasant trip up through the south western section of Ontario, passing through Toronto, Hamilton and other idaces, and also visiting Niagara Falls, Buffalo and Rochester, across the line. He had the pleasure of spending a few days at Dunnville, the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Motherwell, formerly of Portage clu Fort.
197 SPARKS STREET, OTTAWA.
Notice.
North East Half of Lot No. 4 on the Fifth Range of the Township of Clarendon containing 120 acres of land, 100 acres of which are cleared and in a first-class state of cultivation. A good young sugar bush and orchard on the farm and a first class spring creek runs through it. Situated U miles from village of Shawville. No. 4 School 5 acres from house. Good house, wood shed, machine shed, cedar bam. stable for fi span of horses, cow house and granary. One of the best dairy and grain farms in the county. For further par titulars apply to JOHN W. KNOX,
Shawville, Que.
The directors of Agricultural Society No. 1, held a meeting on Wednesday afternoon to further arrange for the ap proaching exhibition which it has l>cen decided to hold on one day only—Tuesday, Sept. 18th. The directors are succeeding in getting up a good list of spe
cial prizes, which will be advertised when HIHH Hi I I HHI complete. Some of these will be for Saturday evening to visit friends in town, competitions of an attractive nature and Mr. Robt. Gamble, of Ottawa, joined will add considerably to making the ex- his wife and family at Morehead on Sat-hibition interesting.	urday evening.
Shawville. Aug. 12,1900.
PERSONAL.
Mrs. Wm. Shaw, of Ottawa, arrived on

-
»




A
4
###PAGE###2###





\




RVRNT8 flAY cone AND HO, tol the klffh slaBdArd of giNtlty will
alweyn remain in
. I proper elevated I rough it the roadside. i I It would in most cases benefit or bu ( of convenience to you. It enhances ^ I the value of your property uud makes j you and the farm better known, as the watering place "ill be given your name. It will also encourage you to keep everything about the premises in better shape, is when waiting for horses to quench their thirst the people have a good opportunity to *eo in what condition you keep the farm. If the trough can bo located high en-1 ough so horses can drink without be-
SOMBTHINO QUITE NBW—
Fill the halves with
I he meeds

I Oïi the Farm.
\ tige meat ami place, meat aide »>i I ,i rathe; deep pan, well buttered I
UDELLA
A
¦
h\
mV


nd
i
aver them 2 table-spoon* of bake slowly, adding muru 'v.itai quired.
Cucumber Salad—''lice thin 3 f’«* cucumbers and one onion. L*.v : hein in cold silled water for 14! hour. I'lain and pour over l hem 1-2 cup of vmegat into which hue been stirred 1 tcis-epoon of sugar and u dash of p< I pc =
I. wt ly idd 1-2 te icup
\n a t e i
I

nun
thb caul*: or shkhp

Sheep inuire exercise and especially this true in making ha by mutton. Exercise stimulates their appettie and lends to keep off disease. The supply of water Is also one of the most important things to think of in regard to the welfare of sheep. As a rule, mays l he s'hevp Breeder, running wa-
oht trn
- v, T
It never varies.
In Isa* Peokete. 26 30, 40,19andM#
CEYLON UREEN TEA
Samo flavor as Japan, only more delicious



# *
f rich cream
ll^Ihc Home |
DR. HAWMOND-HALl'S
English Teething Syrup
Comforts Crying Children. LARGEST SALE
OF AMV TrUMINO P*cf**atio«
IN THE WORLD.
«tir quickly and serve at once«
If oik* ha.s zi quantity of cucumbers
u*o by
m A
mg unchecked, it will prove a still
it IS I
| greater convenience. However, erect it, if not more than l it. above the ground.
tei
i» objectionably unless i brought l\v pipes or a spout into trough or a
they can be put tip for wmti Slicing .'ini g	it
pouring over them hot reasoned vim
i
g 1 u ss
I H
succession of them. Drinking from the ground should bv avoided as
VARIOUS RECIPES.
I One way of Preparing I'gge—Anyone w ho lue ever been ill has a realizing sense of how wearisome the eternal diet of broths and eggs may become and how necessary it is that everything should be prepared in as appetising ix manner as possible. One good way of preparing an egg is to separate the white from the yoke, keeping the latter unbroken. Add pinch of salt to the white and beat it , t" a stiff (rot h Put it in a v«i \ • null un‘l‘b'U‘lie‘l. Nevertheless (tie) have j baking dish and drop I he hyoke in the j 11 calendar which is by no means a | centre Ixui one when one cons id ora its
• *
gar. Seal tightly
m uc h
is possible, so should water gathered from roofs into cisterns
THE CHINESE CALENDAR.
All such water is apt to he impure and may he infected by injurious parasites. Even well water Is Irequently objectionable on account
HOW RICH IS MR. KRUGER?
I P«i%slUle Kvusoti » h i I lie l»:*l « * Ih (able Ht'^palrhci ire Nomellmei inuluOng.
The sojourner in the Far Fust is
• *
*
The RiiUilrtUllBl I iirtunr Ohiii I'nnl Wl I
ll«* Ire mi.
V
sometimes l ' > n i«> w »ndsr why ths of mineral impurities, by which any Chinese have a calendar at all. They 01 6i \era! il i•'M may ho caused
Hrouk water and pond wate Is word, arc always impure and quite frequently Injuriously so. It is apt to contain eggs or the larvae of

Those who are in the habit of think
farm el
BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY l;;
LONDON. NEW YORK. TORONTO.	& 4»
ing uf Mr. Kruger as a inert may be surprised 1 o hear that he is a millionaire at least once times over that nice round sum has accumulated in his waving* it M11*
81 -W
view the passing of time with superb indifference. punctuality, if such a thing were ever ti> enter into the Cel-
v hit'll
How many
a
t-Atial calculation, would be regarded
in.iu ripai isiles of <i'\oral und the dreaded even may be taken up by sheep or lambs lit water in which a flock
ous intestinal
kinds
possible to suy.
To begin with, lie h is tbe handsome salary as Piesidont of seven thousand a year, together with a coffee allow-
he liis eii-
Place the dish in a hot oven
Add a hit of
-4
stomach
uu- for a few moments
\ wise monarch , butter and salt and pepper, if that is n;uned Yao some time about 2300 It.C. | allowed.
1(1 x I the c à lend t : in i	if ore t hit
Ills INTENTIONS
INSTIU/CTfVK
>\ virm
mejise antiquity
Papa thinks, she said, shyly, that It
See the M in
can stand, then dropping t hoir dung in it
H> it riding along leisurely on his Ls about time you were declaring your
ini. nt ions.
Tell the old gentleman, he replied, that 1 love you too much to marry you,
Alice, \\ hich M UppOf «''I 1 tertaining money of three hundred a j b Being of a frugal
L’-in ii Buns.—Hurt light p1 aiiiii- >f
11,1,1 to the form in which it i> found |dough prepared and rub into it at present
The eggs of tapeworms, too, ni.ty exist in such water and thus •hev.p lie infected. In fact whatever which is expose! to the air
cycle.
A large dog is trotting still more sut el y ahead of him.
Th* man ring* his bell. __
Wh n he hen ns that, he solilo-qulz he will turn out.
Bat the dog swerves not a hair's
i u ni of
one-
A volume would ta need- j half pound sugar, ont) quarter pound ed to v\j till all its peculiarities, but ; lard, one-half pound finely cut lemon
or to vUits of other .inimula wild Z I	d”p;lt'l"'8 mBnUwin* ‘wel* lemon flavoring and egg colon,.g
thisewa,!laand	w l" *" ",> wb"rein ,he	tluur a "J fk.v 7b! warm pLe until !
.	IS ’ " l> «nd.rr différa from i he tirygoriun.	light Weigh off into pieces of almost .
JI1F rillNESK ^ FAR	three ounces a ml mould up in the |
is lunar, and therefore consists of 135 hands. Put days. Uefor
year
mind, Mr. Kruger has fur many > oa r•* J jv past lived on hi4 coffee money, "hi c oui of his presidential salary and
believed to have
my water
WPC I03ft
"perquisites" he 1* succeeded in saving about thirty t!r»u
CALVERT'S
guarded against
and a year
Over and above this Mr. Kruget his j ant, , ikvH a |,ird fall indii set sou oes 1' ; nt owe 1 «
very
lue nil li i ni the niiin run.* into him
OarOeMe Dtelnfeotante. Soaps, Ofp men!. Tooth Powdere, eto.. ka?a
WÊÊÊÊÊBKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ^^^^M	awarded 100 medal» and dlrlomas for tei
Th > ahows th.it th ngs do not always 1 2^e,d,^ee--Th?,lr^.^r l,ee.*re7eBlJ»* turn out as we expect in this world. | supply.
1
cur red in which the fencing up of all natural supplies of water
digging of a well, the water being pumped
on cltwin-greased flat the time of Yao trudi-	11 ns and lightly wa*h	over	the top
lion	has	it that the year consisted of	| with egg. Set in a (Warm	place to
3d • days, and that confusion had re- 0Vc light wild when nice and light Hiu ruler decreed that time	Pul m d thin strip of	lemon	peel on
should	be measured by the moon and	<N1Cbun, also a little	crystal sugar,
that every nine teen years should con- ! Look in a moderate heat.
Honey Scotch.—A tin of condensed
nul t ho
many
has been shown that lie has a huge interest in the Netherlands Railway-, while he is also directly concei tied in the consumption of dynamite, us veil as several other flourishing mono.
Mr. Kruger ow ns farm* in dif-
Ask yeur dealer to ekti 1*1 sta mailed free cn apylloatle*.
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
MANOMK1TER
troughs
wind-mill, have relieved flock from diseases which have been due to the use of natural supplies.
The very common use of rape as a green feeding crop for sheep or la mV*
into
for use
What an artistic pipe you hive, said Mis.* Hick* to Harbor. Artistic? rotin md Hai her. Not a bit of it. You can't make it draw.
Lv
¦ NOLAN»,
suited
Dyeing I Cleaning I
polios
feront parts of the Transvaal. Some
ier the ter? beet tend year work ko the
tain seven additional months one extra month every three years.	G»ur ounces of glycerine, two
This reckoning us excellent ; it varies ^unoas u* honey and half a poun 1 of only about an himr
ilinost
“BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Look for kgent to y oar Iowa, or eeetl dimt.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quob##,
As If by Maglo.
instance in the Rustenburg District 1'his is ilways the case when Nervi*
tobacco-growing Hue '* :»i»plir* i to any kind of pnin;	Drauap ¦•aartea, 0ns
i:. i* sure tv disappear am if by magic, vauiviiv rr rtjOi oifnoo, lcapaltr%
..... P«»*‘»Ung. and j
ICI ion than any other j Moo.	0. A J. lAtUll A 00., UentraaL
the world, pain cannot
It is just the thing to have in the house to meet a sudd vu attack of illness.
th
Km
are productive, others are not
eagerness with which the sheep feed un it and the succulence of i he flesh green plant make it extremely desirable that caution bp exercised in the use of it
augai make a honey Scotch palatable and nutritious
every nineteen
many of the best Mli>' farms are his, and the lessees pay him
years from the true time
Although the year is lunar, its be- T^cd with tliewe svxeels dériva benefit ginning is regulated by the sun. Thus Quickly, owing to the food elements the new year eumivt between January °* ,hv milk d"d the fattening proper-2 and February G. unlike the M oh a me- tltvs ot ,he sugar and honey, the glycerine acting m « stimulating vehicle for the uhole.
I hill children
St longer, quicker in
His gold mining farms have a i *o | renie I y In
a i et.« v \\ h-re it it used
very haudsome rente
It should not he fed when wet with rain and while it is in a luxuriant condition, it should not
he " hen t he sheep	are 9. ^	I N
hungry. The flock should not be kept " nvW year' whlvh ia rpKulate.l vn
on i more than 15 minutes or hall '’*•' !,*v 'llv moon» md comes .a any
an hour at the most for some days 1 imv' win,,M <>r summer. The year is	A Squash Fie.—One and one-half cup» Comparatively recently a farm he
after	the	feeding	of	it	In* begun	It	^v***ed into twelve lunar months, call-	*uls HHted squash, one cupful boiling	held for some years was floated	I	A^kington—W	hy	don't	you	get	maria best	to	put	the	flock into the	Held	*^ nunU,ers. as first, second and so	,IU*k' one half cupful of sugar, one-	into a gold-mining company, and al-	|	1 m'l. c'ld	f el low	!	Is	it	because	you canon. The extra month that comes about	half 1 ^spoonful salt, one salt spoonful	though his name does not appear in
every three years is not added at the	cinnamon and one egg beaten slightly,	the list of shareholders he received ul-
This is enough for one pie, and if ih.« mi)SL the whole »t the purchase price |lhe Kiri's fathei can’t afford it
thick
Brass Band
tnstrueieelâ, Brues, Uelferes, lie.
Every Town can have a Band
Uwwt prices ever quoted Fine o*UJ«fue M Uiu# traUoBi m»,M free Write ua for eapthfm# Ip
Musis or Musical Instruments.
Whaley Royoo A Ce.,
brought him in a goodly amouut few lie has sold to the hated Lit lander capitalists, other* lie i otains, or hopes to retain.
THE REASON
nut afford it t
ot lot near noon, after they have
e»*n and all day
Borrow by, frankly—No; it is because
pasturing some hours, when the
end. as one would suppose, but
! t*d anywhere, probably according to «orne system too subtle foç Western minds. I ho months are subdivided Watery use IeSiS milk au<l t wo eggs into three parts, which
tpe is dry
is in
LAW
MILLS, MILLS â HALES,
Harriet# r?, etc.
Removi-d le Wesley buildings, Richmond Si W., Torvoto.
mixture is too little more milk.
add
a in cash. It is said that many of the If the squash is Transvaal President’s safest invest*
A. meats hive been made in Holland and I l* ‘he North-west hi* been suppress-
d ivs are also numbered so thJt't,,.,/itnMn lbe texture of th« «nuash than wealth. At the time ot the dreadful »»re spots
..	"-u,., I,.*“»~V”-«..................................
should ovi\r happen to want such a h Ken *	6<iua'’^ l>ie ,uk "Rh B,.r,Ped a magnificent total not fir
T”*s:r ................*5sr snsssr^Æ1-..........zr%r:
ïrsc-ïï»«•'.„,sHsssS.Hsi
Kruger was aaked for a subscription *tur 11 Nr. itive—Mrs. il lyfork, w ho • > L'T^iL0 •»*theecnntnr Phone1HJ and promised twenty-five pound*. His lives 1 bore, his gone to the sea-aide —	DM, Adelaide A widmerSts.,Tore*tA
She' says it’s cheaper than stayin' on the farm and feed-
TI1B REBELLION
\ SOI HUE OK FOREIGN FLAVORS IN BUTTER.
Neglected pastures are th* cause of a great deal of Lad-flavored butt nr it I hi* season, writes Geo. K. New-fil Nothing •ign flavors and odors coining t hrough the feed than iiO'k. Tiie.*e flavors de-
more susceptible to for
worse than the original | See that you get "Km- j iml t ike none other
iim
i
nun «
i

¦rend to the cream and resulting butter as natural heritages. The remedy Is, not to seek to eradicate them, after they have become associated wtih 111 ^	^ 8Uck a division
the product, liut with thoroughness ^UU1 ikS 1-'u minutes long, but in this an-i persistency t.» remove the
a use is bitter and noxious her- s<>IUl‘ impression on the ancient bage and fungous growth fill

instancy again i hv foreigner is mak-
CUCl'MBERS IN NOVEL WAYS
cause
Th
r;::,,7V.h: ":zzzz;z	.....
.............	h"2‘. .“L™; i
Poi instance •	fort booming
ng m Such
THE NIMMO and HARRISON BUSINESS and
SHORTHAND
I. 0. 0. F Building, Toronto.
Mini nier
th.
way of the grazing cow herbage is often most prominent in the middle and late summer
COLLEGE
when rident ally, that Kekrn ls just alx>ut 1 gra*s is on the wane and cows now twelve host ns ahead of New York in I eat promiscuously what thev would l>LMI,t of time,	!
MMTSCAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
The “ Balmoral," Freo Bus AVENUE HÙUH-ya^lin;
i-er dsr.
Plied cucumber* are a new and sat-
isfactory breakfast dish 11> slice very t bin
Pare and season with sail and
Wire# » most thorough course of individual instruction in all luslnsss and Civil Service Subjects, Shorthand, Typewriting, Eto.
Expert experienced teachers, equipment and • sdvi.nt.ig e unsurpassed, open entire year,
Olreulers Free.
The ( liin.h.* gather the Poisonous fungi, like toadstools, father into cycles, as Occidentals do, found springing up about old logs and ,MU for *oiue extraordinary reason the stumps, are often eaten hy cows, and cycle consists of	x
result in a pernicious form of lacteal taint that is absolutely Putter flavor. The tender shoots of the black cherry when eaten by milch animals I have known to impart their characteristic bitter taste to milk and butter.
pass by earlier in the iso»
years
pepper and dip in beaten egg in bread crumbs
then
Heat . tablespoons of dripping in a skillet, drop in the
When a man oats green cucumbers he has to take t he consequences. Drugs too.
SIXTY YEARS
cucumbers and fry brown on both sides.
The Canada Permanent and Western Canada
Mortgage Corporation.
This cycle is Very ancient and probably lias »< mething to do with astrological superstitions
ruinous
of Dodd's Kidney Pille legion
are
l he box *• Stated,	H0R 0VUR F|pTY yraRA
tho outside coating and shape of the MRS. WlNSLOWR SOOTH TNO 8YRVP bu h#w
pill. -r. imitated and «he n.m.-Dodd'.
Kidney Pill. Is imitated. Imitation, are
dangerous. The original is safe. Dodd's	,cr " Mrl wiu«.owe Nootklng Sfrap."
Kidney Pill* have a reputation
tors have none or they wouldn't imitate. |
So they trade on the reputation of Dodds
Kidney Pills. Do not be deceived. There loveliest, is only
Slewed Cuvum.bere.—In 1 tablespoon Another of butter, fry a sliced onion until method of numbering yc.tts is by the quite brown. To this add d cucumbers, reigns of th»* Emperors, lhe present pared, quartered lengthwise and all year is the thirty-sixth year of the the deeds removed
old
It loo hM
car## wind
;
When brown,
seventy-sixth cycle, or the year 4536 take out carefully and rub a tablets nee th
Home butter makers often condone these various foreign flavors with the remark, "Oh, it’s just something the cows have eaten,” without perhaps thinking that the discrepancy has reduced the commercial value of the butter 50 per cent. No matter how nicely butter may be made ; how crisp and fine of texture, if it does not possess a sweet, natural taste, its chief value i* gone. Our only remedy for Insuring its sweetness, reaching back to feed origin, i* to have absolutely clean pastures. Let nothing come in the way of the cow tint is not wholesome grass of some variety. It will pay to begin now by going through the pastures and cutting and destroying all noxious weeds. Also old logs and stumps that might harbor the growth of fungi, should be piled up and burned. By this procedure a twofold benefit results, i.e., one cause of bad milk flavors is removed, and more room is given for the growth of nutritious grasses in the pasture. Also weed seeds are prevented from spreading all over the farm from this too-often neglected field.	I
(jinoe- Canada Permanent Building,
Toronto St., TORONTO.
Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, B.O., It Jahn, N i.
Imita-
COULDN'T BE BUT ONE
idoptioii of the present *poon of flour into the butter. Add 1-2
pt of soup stock, season with salt and
Be arch Orrtc
Said One Shopper—Oh, I just saw the sweetest, prettiest baby a
chronology Each year has a
Bet urn the cucumbers, cover ten clcwt ly and 't i gently Cot 20minutes, with
separate name, • tapper
DODD'S
Dodd's is the minute ago
formed by some combin ation of " «tern
Capital Paid Up, $6,000,000
- 1,500,000
original. Dodd's is the name to be careful about—
•Said the Other Shopper—What 1 Do
I: %%%*%%: Reserve Fend,
ing ni eut h » .1 iy is ilusf
characters, joined twelve “ branch " characters.
Creamed cucumbers on toast
are a
Theae novelty that an epicure will ippreci «m. are used in an ingenious way that Pare and cut lengthwise into quarters cuuld be described only by a lengthy t> good-sized cucumbers. Soak in cold article, and would proUibly then be water 1-2 hour, drain, cover with salted
D O-D-EFS
Mnwcv	- es-a-ss-s, SSST
KIDNEY
DU I C bio“m"".“/'thefr'Z1”00 ‘‘”J°b"	‘
nuu	The All-Canada Show I
rfSjSfSi'S!tUltiKSSSt AUO. 27th to SEPT. 8th.
Money te Lean.
Deposits Received and Interest Allowed
, not quite intelligible to th*, Western mind. 1*» gu at might to anything ia impossible to the Oriental and the complicated system of naming the years is proof of Chinese ingenuity.
Of late years it has l>»en supposed that the Chaldeans and Chinese had
boiling water and simmer 20 minutes.
Meanwhile prepare several slices of thin buttered tu.vst and arrange heated platter, in another saucepan blend together 1 tablespoon of flour,
1 tablespoon of butter, 1-2 teaspoon of salt and a dash of cayenne. Mix over the fire, adding 1-2 cup of rich milk and 1-2 cup of water in which the cucumbers are cooking. Stir until the sauce is thick and smooth, then I proud individual
Debentures Issued in Sterlirg and Currency
on a
Lee.
some intercourse at the time when Yno reformed the calendar, and that the two countries worked together in making the change. Certain it is that a similar event, occurred in Chaldea alnnit the same time. But whenever
OMITTED THE ATTIC,
man. said the
•I am a self-made
1900
TORONTO
Exposition and Industrial Fair
fiturner five minutes longer and put Well, you are all right except as to in 1 tablespoon of vinegar and 1 table. I your head, commented the other part spoon of butter. Drain the boiled I f*f the conversation.
How's that?
THOUGHT SHE DID
know what Thê
Mistress—Bridget, do y
my husband will say when be finds you n ,	,
hive broken his finest meerschaum VOIIllfj8
<»u
the calendar was adopted it is like ly for a long time to withstand ihr |	^rubers, arrange on the toast and
pour the white sauce over all.
The part you talk with
march of progress. It is correct enough, and the inconvenience does not worry Lhe Chinaman in the least.
is 'u of pipe?
stuffed Cucumbers—Halve 6 green proportion to the part you think with
Greatest
I Maid crossing herself-! do
mom !
cucumbers and take out the Mike a filling jh 1-2 cup of bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons of boiled bam chopped very flue 1 tablespoon of Impossible, exclaimed the caller to I minced parsley, 1 of chopped onion and la suitable watering trough at some I the proud mother i can't l)elieve that wit and pepper to taste. Fill the point along his property for the bene- your son, who has only been in the cumbers with this, tie two halves to-fit of "te traveling public should be employ of that great corporation for get her, place in a covered pan with 1 exempted from a certain amount of six mouths is already a director. cup of water and bake for 45 minutes J highway labor. It is and would bel Well, I can. James is a splendid | Serve hot with drawn butter, tile part of a public benefactor if yon I penman, and here is the news in his could, at small expense, conduct tbe| last letter. He has just finished di* l water from a spring or creek to a
seeds
All the Latest Novelties. Many direct
0
HIGHWAY WATERING TROUGHS
ONE OF THE DIRECTORS
The Marvellous Resources of our own Country Thoroughly Exploited.
Brilliant and Realistic Battle Spectacle.
iBâüf/l&Müw GyOan, Jca,
Anyone who erects and maintains
cu-
TM1 eir-QE OF MAFEKINOI
AND ALSO THE RELIEF I
Timely Arrival of Canadian Artillery
faUruLb aJhxjUiA
£Lt>iCy
Entries cW^ August 4th.
EXCURSIONS ON ALL LINES OF TRAVEL.
For prize lists entry forms, etc., address A*Hr. w Smith, F R.O. V.8. If.J. HiUt
i'rt»‘rient.	Manager, Torméa.
OOtAs

On somewhat the sumo order
are
green sausages
split large cucumbers and scrape out
For th'se, pare and
re*Vug 10,000 circulars.
I



:,	./.j




Û : £l

"4W.
\

1





V



t


	
	
	
###PAGE###3###

variably white, but wore ohn ngtui In III hie. Either the gloves were not cnl(kr, like other vestments, ucoord- made to (it very o lose ly, or Eliza bet h'a ing to the current church seasons. hand» were on too large a seals to (ilfve» for Htshopi are an institution suit modern Idea» of beauty In the yet and are advertised in the lists hand» of women. The glove is close f < 1	1 neoeaaai o s, They are fre-
quently heavily fringed with gold, und always of a light lavender tint —the Bishop's own color. In the old ritual proper to the consecration of Bishops a blessing was invoked on the gloves with which they were invested.
Cloves, lavishly decorated, frequently appear, during the Middle Ages, in gloves were valuable enough to be left as legacies. Splendid examples of the embellished gloves worn by
Inventories of church furniture. Such clerical dignitaries and peculiar to
their position, occur on monumental effigies. The gloves worn by the prelates were not, however, even in those days of extravagant display, invariably of great value, as some relies of famous churohiw are very simple and certainly inexpensive.
STATESMEN'S WIVES.
CHINESE BUDDHISM.
TALKING OF VOWEL SOUNDS.
Tboie of Hr. (llaiMoif im«l Lord P«arini*-Orlâ Were <;r«m llr p, lo Iklr Hu* baidi.
II lint H*ny IrHiiirm Ilk* the IMlaioi.
«I I lirMliui Nation*.
I)i*îm .4 a gr** bM ââ to the a few days ng oil was dining In one ou half II yard long, the gold fringe aotuol time Hmhlhiem was Introduced 0{ the nwtuiuante of the city, at the but tnin only t ik.ng 2 inches in,u China, In the year X. I). 63
the	length.	^HHB
of excellent material—u very fine, white leather, wurkwl with gold thread, edged at the bottom with yellow, and lined in the cuff with drab a:Ik. It is claimed that the glove» given by Charles I. on the ecuffold to William Juion, Bishop of London, are extant. Again, it i# recorded of Lady Jane Urey—the Queen of thirteen day#
—that when led to the block ehe, after kneeling awhile, "atode up, and give her maiden, Mistress i'lluey, her glove# and haodkejrhief."
Formerly, In England, the custom prevailed of presenting white gloves to the Judge who presided over an assizes at which no prisoner was capitally conv cted, such an assize only being known as a maiden assize.
Maiden ausizes of the ancient order were, muter the blood-thirsty [tonal
I 9eotelim«iir* Proof *r thi' irrlorfly of III* I, inguiigr I» Thu I Hfoierl,
The recent death of Mrs. Glad-
¦ays
All rw» widow of tbe great English
The ceremonial and formal functions of gloves becomes noticeably lens with eooà peasing decade and nit hough their presence is still, and will for a long time be, almost as necessary as any other portion of the costume, it Is an interesting ret roe pec t to compare tlu* h i ad covering and its Importance to-day with that of times mediaeval and even remotely antique, book ns the earliest history of all peoples who ever attained any degree of vsfinlag civilisation can bo traced, we find there existed a band covering of some form, more or less pliable, and more often adopted for reasons symbolic than for actual protection from adversary or the Inclemency of the elements.
The importance of the history of gloves may be gauged by the long controversy which has gone on, and ¦till wages, among plllologists as to the real derivation of the word in
a writer in tb« Mexican Herald
13 l* prêt t y generally ac* i g tablé B6Xt to m sat a party con- | statesman, recalls the many MfvioM
• ' Lmper< r Hau-Win /-11 h nl |gating of n Frenchman# n German, | whloh flhp w;'* to render to hear a vision in which he ma w a great gold
on image, wb
an Italian, a couple of Mexicans and | dlatlngulahsd husband during their «1 Scotchman
ho.nl was surrounded w‘fh ' halo, wh was construed as |, to mean Truth
1 ha corivrdition turn- | wedded life of nearly sixty years.
iShe wap in the fulleht yeuse hi»
upon the comparative beauty of
Kaoh one the partyHHHHHHHHHHHHiBHHIIIIi
poror’s brother, b. ving heard	of Hurl- contended	that his own language	was |	ter«>»t in the	question* with which he
dhiaœ from 1,1 declared,	vision the supei lor ,f all oi
|j " hlng t'u- th.' great	Buddha. I mas b	his contention	up-.n	the I	judgment	as	well aa her sympathy.
Thereupon ;» mission wee dispatched, | wonderful	strength and	self-eef-1	He i rely	made an Important speech
which i ft
Prince Teu, the Ern-
comrade. She had am Intelligent In-
1 he Ger- had to deal, and he relied upon her
As far
years returned with j f jciency of the German language and Parliament without hcr aoooui
" woo<,eo ni •• counterpart of the | the virile character of its thoughts | ins preeenee m the gallery golden one, also
r HoiriH
She
one book and a flU(j [ta literature
I hM Llama Temple, | claimed that the French language which S f h“ great# temple at Peking, nrnl called the Yung-Uo-Kong, is a Mongol IIuddiet monastery, in which there are about 1,300 acting priest*«.
Under the control of a Gagin, or living Buddha, the dogma.* of Buddhism are taught
The Frenchman 1 went with him on hi* political c* m-
paijige, and not beside him on the platform.
British elector# are sometime* a little rough in expressing their dissent at political meetings a of eristic story Is told of Mrs. Gladstone that on one occasion, when her
Hindoo priest
not only h id no superior, but no equal in its ability to express all thoughts accurately and with true beauty and depth of feeling.
The Italian and the Mexican each
>
A char-
We meet, in this research, with many instances proving that gloves were intimately associated with kingly power
claimed that his language was possessed of	ono beauty'to which no oth-	husband had to address a h stile uudl-
lay claim, the	cnee at an open-air meeting in Green-
The battle	wich, she won the day fur him by
waxed hot between these two, the	standing at him side, with simple dig-
t unes	of	Confucius,	one	of	the	prin-	|	Mexican	maintaining that Spanish	nity, holding an umbrella over him
cipil	tenets	of	which	Is	I be	worship]	ju,] more	true full vowel sounds than	am he spoke. The men who had gone
Al taphysics, ascetic duties, astrology and medicine comprise the course of instruction. Many Chinese are follower* of the don-
er language could beauty of snorous mound
Monarchy were invested
code formerly in force, far learn com with authority by the delivery of a m(>n th;in the mald#n „m1zr „ wn
glove. In former times the imperial
Its present form, and it Is strikingly Boticeable how each claims a direct courue for hi* theory bmk into obsolete and
know it now. It Is startling to reornament* of Germany Includod "the	that in England there used to
gloves, embroidered with curious
languages,
ehowing conclusively that gloves existed :* many, many countries as early ", •s the records can trace a real Ian-
obsolescent
a pri ion of which erred is that no son shill live
there to howl down! the orator cheer*
any other living language
Finally both appealed the matter to j ed him and his wife.
I the Scotchman, who had, contrary to Lord Beacomsfield, Mr. Gladstone'# born according to | chiracterlstios of his race, not taken lifelong political opponent, owed near-028 years before
The Buddhist religion em-
bu no less than 223 distinct offenses punishable with death, and more so to remember that reform Lu this matter has been brought about within the reign of Queen Victoria. In the first year after her accession the category of capital offenses was brought down to seven. The maiden assize has altered its character with the change of the law. The restriction at oth'*r times which prevented Judges from wearing or receiving gloves was tantamount to preventing his receiving bribes or "linings" therein. The Portuguese have a proverb on this bead, expressive of a person's integrity: "lie does not wear gloves." In old collections of gloves nothing is more interesting thin those formerly used in the royal sport of hawking. These were designed to protect the hands from the claws of the bird, for each
man carried the bird upan his hand. Other keenly instructive relics of
times past are the various gauntlets
and the various articles of defensive
and offensive warfare in which the
hand must necessarily be protected.
Perfumed gloves have contributed largely to the bright and cruel side of romance, fact and fiction. An ordinary method of imparting the scent
stones," and preserved at Vienna are gloves of the imperial costume, decorated with enamels." Sometimes they are distinguished by being dyed in the purple so long distinctive of royalty. “Purple gloves, ornamented • | with pearls and precious stones," were anciently deemed ensign* of imperial dignity. Favyn observes that the custom of blessing gloves at the coronation of the Kings of France— a ceremony which was maintained as long as kings remained rulers of the country—"was a remain of the Eastern practice of performing investiture." MThc gloves were put on the King after the ceremony of anointing being first biassed by the officiating Archbishop saying over thmn a dedicatory prayer and sprinkling them with holy water. During this preliminary the Archbishop put off hU mitre; then, again donning the mitre, he put the gloves on the hands of the ’ | King, at the same time offering 'up another prayer." After the coronation b id concluded it was the established custom for the King to be token to the pi lace of the Archbishop of Hhcimw, in which town the ceremony was generally performed, and, *| In a chamber allotod to him, take off the gloves and shirt, which were given to the chief almoner to burn, "since, having touched the holy oil, they ought not to be profaned by other uses."
more
exj)ensively than his parents
(Buddha
was
Chinese tradition,
Christ
braces a trinity known ni the Three Precious Ones, viz., Buddha, the pist; Dharrna, the present, and tbe Lord, and Lenga, the future and the priesthood.
gunge for their people. For instance, Mins hen, one of the pioneers of lexicographical literature, in his "Guide to the Tongue#," published in 1617 found the root of gloves in the Belgic gheloove, faithfulness, because gloves were the testimony of faith, and suggests an alternative derivation of lovers and the pledges of affections. Another old writer thought the word might come from the old English gol, the hand, and the Teutonic, ah, or the Anglo-Saxon ober, over, because gloves were put over, or upon, the hand. It can not be pretended that the root of the word is found beyond dispute, or its origin authoritatively settled, and knows not finality among the many— suggest ed root is the Scottish lorf or Icelandic loofoc, the p.tim of the hind; and yet another, the Welsh golof, to cover. Glove in Germany means hand vow. The term glofl is common to Scandinavian nations, a fact which h is led to our “glove" being very generally shown as originating from them.
As to the remote antiquity of gloves there can be no doubt that in biblical writings the term, by faulty translation, is confounded with shoe, although no scholar doubts that the band covering is meant instead.
U believed that gloves among the Israelites were worn solely by men <*f rank, and only by them on occasions of display. They probably formed part of the dress of kings, as ambassadors are represented In 1 he Miitrni paintings of Thebes bearing from some far country presents of glove#. They were certainly not articles of everyday wear, any more than they were matters of necessity, for the sleeves of both sexes were long and ample, and readily available when defense against inclemency of the weather was needed. From such ne eesslty first o a me the ordinary employment of gloves. Xenophon, at the end of the eighth bodlr of his "Cyropirdia," complaining of the unwon text luxury then recently adopted by the Persians, says that, not only did they have umbrellas borne over them In summer, not being content with the shade of the trees and of the rooks, but, in the water, "it is not sufficient for them to clothe their heads and their bodies and their feet, but they have coverings made of hair for their hands and fingers." When the ancient severity of manners declined, the use of gloves prevailed among the Homans, but not without some opposition from the philosophers. Musonius, a moralist who lived at the close of the first century of Christianity, among other invectives against the corruption of the age, •ays; "It is shameful thtit parsema, in perfect health should clothe their hands and feet with soft and hairy coverings."
In common with all our old-established handicrafts, the glove trade is under greater indebtedness to the church than, possibly, many glovers would credit. Muscular Christianity Is no new doctrine. Faith and works were once literally united in a secular sense. Before corruptions crept io, and while monastic establishments maintained the simple lives on which they had been founded, their inmates were the most skillful and industrious of artisans. In or about the year 790, Charlemagne granted an unlimited right to the Abbott and monks of Sithia, for making their gloves and girdles of the akin of the deer they killed and for covers for their books, thus affording another proof of the use of gloves in those early times. Gloves had, however more than this connection with the, church, for they were given distinctive employment in the rites and services. The gloves on the hands of Bonlfaoe VIII. at the time of his Interment were of white silk, beauti-
any part In tho discussion, good, bad, ly as much to the sympathy and devotion of his wife si Mi Gladstone
or indifferent
Saundy scratched his head for a owed to his moment, as though reflecting deeply; statesmen
then ho said* "Ab, weel, a dlnna ken. I their personal as well as on their pub-but wha' yee'll bo baith richt, for ye lie sdie, it would be found, in many ocht to ken yer aine langwidge weel, oases, that they have been greatly But when it cornea to takin* o’ vowels helped by their wive*, in the moral code—killing, stealing, aoora a dinna ken ony langwidge that The rule is by no means universal, adultery, lying, selling xvine, speak- kpn ooom to thae Scotch. ATI Instances wdl leadily suggest them* fng f1 so of others, self-praise and jist g|ve ye a wee gtory that lllus- selves in wh.ch wives of statesmen, backbiting, pi r si mon y and scoffing) thriltoa wha‘ a wad tell ye
uncorrected anger, and reviling the	Duin anoo Went into a store in marred their husband's camera
Three Precious Beings. In the year Dunkirk, in' cate bed a pine» o' cloth is probably not so difficult to live Jd B. C. the teachings of Buddha atween his fingers, an' his thumb an' with a statesman as with men of were put in writing. In A. D. 400 he said to the storekeeper;	genius in some other fields of activity,
the entire canon of faith was com- " 'Oo V	but to do it calls for consideration,
piled, describing Buddha as emerging “And the storekeeper said: Ay, 00/ from heaven, as being born of a virgin,	"‘Aw 00 ?" said the man.
welcomed by angels, received by an	" /Ay, aw oo," answered the store-
aged saint and presented in a tern- keo'v-r. pie after having been baptized with
water and later with fire. He is dec* r
scribed as having astonished the wise men with his understanding
. if the lives of great were fully written, on
IIIKRE ABB 10 PROHIBITIONS
by want of sympathy or of tact, have
it
Philology never rests,
Another—
sympathy, and a. largo degree of self-effacement ties u statesmen's wife may well shire his triumphs, for she has a large pint in winning them.
With these quali-
" w a 00 ?" asked the man.
* ‘ \y, aw a 00," said the storekeep-
"There’s a complete business trans-
AN UP-TO-DATE ASSETS
action carried on wi'out the use o' a
soon. A dinna ken
A woman writer has Le a breezy little sketch about an up-to-date girl's a seats and liabilities, quoted as follow» :
Later he was led into captivity, where single consonant he was tempted by the devil, and af- if either Italian or Spanish or any terward went about preaching and it he r langwidge can equal thot." performing wonders
A friend of the
The above story as told by the
by means of animal essences was to mix the substance with some kind of P°or« he was tr.instigured on amount, Sootchram, is here given with the reoil and rub it into the glove. In oth- waa 8<1Dt- ^nt0 hell, but finally ascend- presentation of er instance» advantage was taken of p<* 10 heaven. In ibibet the Bud- words, in preference to the Scotch the ready absorption in plastering a ‘ihist Church is located, where It has spelling, which might not be familiar pomatum all over the inner surface ^ta P°P®» Cardinals, priests, Bishops to some of our readers
and nuns, just the same as the Ho- fat Lou of the conversation, which took man Catholic Church
"I can row, play golf and tennis,
fence, dance, skate. I can dress extravagantly. I can play the piano, and pilot atrociously on china. I can French and German. I can
the sounds of the
epwk 1 ide and di i ve
The trans-
Catherine de Medici
of the glove fostered the new refinement of perfumery in France, and to her clever and astute wits are ascribed some of
In the pipers quoted by D israeli is instanced an occurrence in which a glove was, under romantic circumstances, taken as the actual representative of power. Young Con rad-din, the last of the Hohenstaufer
I cannot dre#s myself, I do not tike care of my hinds. I can-
infant place between th*- merchant and hi# baptism, confirmation, masses for the customer Ls as follows: dead, processions, rosaries, sacred water, candles and chaplets
also
even
not cook a thing. I have no Idea how tu make coffee or fry eggs, nor how h of anything to give out for a I cannot sew on the machine
“Wool, oo."
“Yes, wool, ay, oo."
"All wool, aw 00"?
“Yes, all wool, ay, aw 00.*
"All one wool, aw a 00?"
"Yes, all one wool, ay, aw a oo.H
It is not
the mysterious cases of poisoning by means of perfumed gloves. The fragrance impirted to the Spanish gloves
enduring
mu
generally known why the Chinese object to the conversion by foreign missionaries
is that they are convinced that they hive a pretty good religion of their own
misrepresentation as has China.
meal
with my fingers. I hive no idea what servants ought to do, how tb y ought to do it, how soon thy ought to accomplish it. I cannot Lak - cure
1 faint in a sickroom.
male line, having fallen Into the hands
of MiLnfroy, who had usurped the I wa8» however, of a more crown, was, in 1282, brought up for «‘X“- I character, many poets referring to
"On the scaffold the un- them in lasting rhyme
or
Their chief reason is
f
They say
cut ion
fortunate Prince made heavy lament I "(ho iXLT 18 aa sweet as n perfumed
over his cruel fate, and publicly as-1 SpaBieJb glove »” sod Ben Jonson's 'My
In glows, the natives of Madrid#" being future y rs, when the struggle now
FROM ANCIENT BABYLON
No country has had so much
of children "1 a in not going to be a fraud as a wife," she insisted to all re mon-
l am going to keep my
I am going
In
Many Important II el If* on I \ III bit Ion al
llie ItrltUli Hu mu in
It is now three-quarters of a cen-
ser tod his right to the succession
” | proof of this he cast his glove among I examples, not to speak of Shakes- ! going on there shall have thrown the the assembled crowd, entreating that	Peare's Cleopatra, who made the winds	Chinese	Empire	open	to	Inspection,	it
it might be conveyed to his relatione,	"love-sick with perfume." She whq	will	be	found	that	the	Chinese	as	a
who would avenge his death. It was strongly condemned by chioniclers race are a very fair lot of human betaken up by a knight and brought	for her perfumed gloved, and scorned,*
to Peter, King of Aragon, who, "in	too, for wearing silken vests, no less
virtue of the same glove," was after-	than for using a gold stick to congo the	vey food to her mouth in place of
•trances.
tury since Mr. Rich, traveling in the #hare C)f the contract east, visited Kurdestan, Muesul and tQ charge 0f Dick and his house Bagdad, and succeeded in collecting a juyt a<g if £ kVere a lawyer taking a few fragments of antiquities from the ^ or a merchant setting up a mounds so bountifully scattered over #t(j or a captaio taking command
There is a good reason for
mgs
their hatred and suspicion of all for-
the Valley of the Euphrates.
These he placed in the British Mu-
ind thus formed a nucleus of
eigners. They are afraid of the disruption and disintegration of their
of a ship."
All of which resolutions was most commendable, and, no doubt, 'Sarah Migga" accomplished all aho intended in the way of learning household
No doubt, though, it was
crowned at
Kings of France, when at the point I employing fingers and napkins. The country of death, sent or gave the imperial I practice of wearing gloves at night to ornaments to their sons In token to I impart particular delicacy to the akin
Gloves was common to gentlemen as well as
scum
What is now one of its m*'St important and most interesting departments.
TF1E ART OF EATING
The rearrangement of the antiquities in the Babylonian room at the British Museum, and ihe exhibition of many new and important records bearing on the history and civilization of ancient Babylon, is a welcome evidence that the museum has not been unmindful of its duty in the endeavor to obtain a fair share of these important relics.
A new and somewhat significant collection of large documentary clay tablets, inscribed with official, or tem-
Inveat them in the kingdom were thon part and parcel of kingly I ladios, and was followed as late as
The King even relegated the reign of George III.	Gloves of
The I chicken skin appear to have been held I to have especial virtue in beautifying
mysteries
task, for she should have grown up with a knowledge of these things, and then they would have seemed thd most natural responuibilith* in the
Lord Byron, it is said, used to profess that the spectacle of a pretty woman eating filled him with horror. Theodore Child, of cuisine fame, on the other hind, says that, after all, a civilized man devouring, with all possible good breeding, a slice of roast beef is as disagreeable a sight as one would care to look upon Child, continues, eating being a necessity, nature and civilization have taken care to surround the operation with everything that tends to dis-
a
power.
by them hie power to others glove was his ambassador.
We have a good idea of .what those | * bo hind. Gloves made of the skins
of unborn calves were of such fine
world to assume.
roy ul gloves were like, for they appear
frequently in mediaeval manuscripts, | tnKturs that it is claimed they could
be inclosed in a walnut shell, an
PIGEONS AFTER A JOURNET.1 The carrier pigeon, when traveling, feeds.0 If the distance be long,
where they were always shown white,
But, Mr
were thus often shown in shop win-
and with very wide pointed cuffs.
There is no authoritative evidence I dows.
neve-i
iv flies on without stopping, to take nutriment, and at last arrives thin, exhausted and almust dying. If coin be presented to it, it refuses to eat, contenting itself with drinking a little water, and then sleeping. Two or three hours later it begins to eat with great moderation, and sleeps immediately afterward. If its (light has been very prolonged the
this manner
Gloves as pledges form interesting themes for novelist and historian, the
of the early employment of gloves in English coronation, although there is
f iir presumptive proof of their having| Senators ask a glove from Alcibiades part in the ceremony. In the accounts I before their submission, and tenures of several coronations given by the I held by gloves are common enough, early chroniclers no mention is made I So, too, as possession was given by of gloves being used; but, again, I granting a glove, they were made against this negative evidence we may I tokens of remuneration, another verset the fact that Kings were buried | e mon y that was almost wholly sym-
To throw or send the glove
pie records, of legal and business tract the attention from the material I Q&attsg# transacted 3,000 years before
side, and they have suooee 1 so com- j rlst, is an interesting addition to pletely that not one man out of a
thousand knows anything of the physiology of eating or the chemistry of
food. Eating has become a social as well as a natural act. It has been sublimated by the idea of hospitality; the festive board has acquired a certain solemnity from its connection with great festivals of the family; the dinner has become the highest function of home life, a daily act to whic h no other can be compared in im-
Lhe clay literature on view ; but even more unique are the series of round cakes of baked clay with clear incisive inscriptions, giving lists of estates ur a sort of Babylonian "Domesday Book ” of a period 1,000 years before Abraham.
The letters and correspondence of llammyrabi, King of Bablonia ti. C. 2200, are interesting aa showing the political condition of the country at that time.
again
with gloves on their hand* when, ar-| bolicnl. rayed in ghastly state, they were has been a gathered to their fathers. Very | very early times, much after the manner of their cousins of Egypt, and in accordance with a practice common to all classes from Anglo-Saxon times, Kings were carried to the grave habited in every particular in the garments which had In lifetime marked their high estate.
They were laid beside Charlemagne, in his sepulcher, the gilt traveling pouch which he used to wear when hq went to Rome, much in the same manner, and perhaps with the same motive as the fee for Charon was often put in the hand or mouth of a corpse that
pigeon will [proceed in fur 48 hours before recovering it#
rk of defiance from
• IK
normal mode of feeding
NOT QUALIFIED.
•No, said* Miss Cayenne, thoughtfully, I am
won’t do.
HER GRIEVANCE.
It was almost brutal of him 1 exclaimed young Mrs. Torkln, with tears In heo- eyes.
What is the matter? asked her
afraid that young man
portance and results.
He will never grow up t*
be the life of the party.
What makes you think that ?
He doesn't know even the rudiments
When I ask| i him if
SELF-ESTEEM.
USUALLY FATAL.
Briggs—The doctors say I am surferring from a complication of diseases.
Grigge—How many of them have
you seen?
Seven.
The trouble with you Is that you suffering from a complication of
I dislike his haughty manners very much, said the young woman. I was tempted to tell him he was not the only pebble on the beaeb Don't use slang, replied Miss Cay- gtead of answering that he would stay Besides, it wouldn't suit hi# kere UIUi iet the summer come to him. lie doesn't think he's a pebble*
mother.	<•
You know that beautiful poodle Charley gave me for a birthday gift?
Yee, he says he's sorry he ever
brought the animal Into the house.
I know it. And this morning when 1| the passage over the Styx to the Ely-1 ,	wme biscuit he tried to bite
Sian fields might not be checked or
l
of ra partes was
going away for the summer h# answered in a simple negative in-
f
en ne case.
He thinks he's aU that counts in % solitaire diamond ring.

ANATOMICAL
With an engaging smile the peddle# who had gone around do the side door add rewed the sharp featured woman who answered his knock.
Is this the head of the house? he
asked.
No, sir, she replied, shutting the
door lu hi# f

are
one of them, and then said he wasn't very hungry, and he guessed he’d feed
?
doctors
delayed.
4
In the Bodleian Library visitors are | them to the dog shown a pair of gloves believed to
have been worn by Queen Elizabeth.I There’s no occasion for saying full v worked with the needle and I "that virago," aa Carlye calls her, in well," moramar, dear. You know ini little ihit Mrs. Gibb Irby says.
«—-	• - —•	1 £2rTr.buïïi	-Vu"T	w "W. w »«- - -
“	the imagination.	I
IN IT, BUT NOT OF IT.
What is a storm center, pa f A storm centre is that member of a family who remains as cool as a
THERE ARK MANY SUCH
Weill
Mrs. Moon—You cm b lieve very
J
;it^?ioT‘hiV£ % nTZ 11, b, the tranelatori of Kia, J»
This Is ihe wing.
"kill Fid*
i
j,


S



###PAGE###4###
T
—














a
And Remember It I
ENTRAL™ ANADA
Exhibition Association
Ottawa, Ont.
Would you have Supported This?
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
• • # SHAWVILLE • • •
—..... - ___________ ________________ Suppose that in 181K> Laurier had made
! a speech like this to the electorate, would
SHAW VILLE, AUG. 16, 1900. I you have voted for his candidates ;
_____________________________________41 Gentlemen,—We propose to make
¦----------- ——------------------------ I great reforms. Your taxes are too light ;
we shall increase them by $12,600,000.
41 The Tupper Government have spent
. but. STJ.OOo.t*):) this year ; w* shall «radine Japanese Government has pleased I uaj|y to expenditures until they
British Columbians, and did a great deal reach $05.000,000 in 1000.
in removing an awkward question from I " 1 he debt is altogether too small ; we
the arena of pohtic*\b* recent,>; prohib	nwket. ; we .hall
tb# further emigration of Japanese | rofuleâ p inference in the British market^;
to Canada or the States
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard» 75c.
Oats per bushel. 2fl to 27c. Pease per bushel, (Ht to 00». Eggs, per dozen, 11c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to Ido. Wool, per pound, 10 to iMc. Pelts, each, 45 to 75c. Calfskins, to to 50c.
EDITORIAL NOTES
c
,Tust a little too busy to pre-
nil. this week litr-
NO DIFFERENCE.
we «hall give the Yankees all they want in our market so that their tariff against
In an admirable addmt to the people, | “•	b*> kept up and wo .hall induce
,	%» .» the Germans to put a discriminating tariff
of Glengarry, < olonel McLennan, M. . Upon Canadian products that the United
in accepting the Liberal-Conservative | States may have that market exclusively nomination, which was unanimously tend
pare an liter than to thank the public for their very liberal patronage during the past year.
The fact that the name of
our place of business has been changed from Park man to Starke's Corners makes no dill ere me with us.
The dates fort ht- holding of our Exhibition
tills year art- from
“You are paying far too little fur your coal oil ; we shall sell out our oil industry to the Standard oil monopoly, and will “The farmers of Glengarry will remem- | thus raise the price by from six to ten ber the great promises that were made to : cents a gallon.
them during the last election. The! 14 The idea of standing by Great Britain change of Government was to briug them I in periods of crisis is abeurb ; if trouble ! °four customers
cheaper goods of every kind that they had	arises, and the Empire is threatened, we	,	----
to buy and better prices for all they had	shall refuse to help in Imperial	defence j ),u lilg 1 ,v V,vsynt reason wo wish to
to sell. Has it done so? buy dearer, and until we are forced to act, and, if we do I direct special attention to our the produce you have to sell in nearly	act Wl> 8hall notify the Queen not	to look
every case brings you less money. Nails,	upon our action as a precedent,
hardware of every description, barb wire, " The Tories gave too little to railway binder twine, coal oil, and all the supplies corporations ; we shall double the bonuses that a fanner needs have gone up in price and shall subsidize parallel lines all over from 50 to 150, and in some cases even the country.
«00 per cent.	44 Too small are the amounts paid for
public woiks ; we shall introduce go be tweens’ to make contracts and pocket the difference between the amount the contractor charges and the larger amount that we shall pay.
44 The election gives too much anxiety to the people ; we shall see that the ballot boxes are duly stuffed, thus relieving you of the necessity of forming a judgment on public affairs.
44 Our friends have been long out in the cold ; we shall warm them with boodle, according to their deserts ; the Toronto Globe shall be granted a coal mine it does not earn, and faithful politicians shall make money, even out of the food of our soldiers."
If this had been the announced programme, would you have supported it ?—
(Toronto Mail and Empire.)
ered him, scored a point by saying
We are still In the old stand, doing business on the same fair, square-dealing lines and ever ready to meet the requirements
\
Entries close 13th Sept.
COLD MEDALS
In list as Special Prizes !
The Largest List of Specials offered
by any Exhibition !
SMART & SMITH
NEW AND COMPLETE STOCK OF
Summer
Goods
Meanwhile keep us in mind for carriages, harness, plows, or machinery of any kind required for your fall work.
The gallant colonel tersely expresses a
thought that has been much in the minds
of Liberal farmers for the last two years,
and it is not surprising that many Liberal
members who were elected by the votes of farmers, knowing the sentiment that prevails, are thinking of retiring rather than face their constituents in another election.
No effort will »hs spared to make this year's Exhibition the best exer held by the Association,
The grounds and buildings are now in excellent condition and up to date in every respect.
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
TEAS! TEAS!
# e #	e # #
0
Tie Special Attractions
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
Following the lead of the old-time Liberal Huntingdon Gleaner, which is giving the supporters of the Government a world of trouble these days—the Yank-leek Hill Review, is the latest Liberal newspaper to kick over the traces, and demand the heads of the crew who are running things at Ottawa. The Review says :—
will be the best that
can procure.
«
oney
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE'S CORNERS.
Modern and
Realistic
Spectacular
“ Battle of Paardeburg aqd Surrender of General Cronje.”
Patent Express
Buggy Wheels
&
F
Farm for Sale
!

mm.
rptfcz? issarajiSESS-HS
following :—	of which are cleared and in good condition.
“ The Conservatives fur the time bring ' On the premises arc erected the following are holding no meetings, are not speaking buildings : Dwelling house, 22x30 feet ;
Z: SfiKtfg
der, but as the thur.der is only the thun 1 12x20; milk-house, 10x18. Good pump dcr of tin, it should not unreasonably I and well-house, and the premises are otlv alarm any one. This truce would bring | crwisewdl watered. Farm will be sold good fruits if our adversaries were less ''n	terms, hor further particu-
imbued with fanaticism, less blinded by’ 111 saPP> lo the spirit of party, less desire us of gorg-
“ The Gleaner is right and every true and honest Liberal thinks so.
The present editor of the Review in the ign of 181*1 used whatever little influence he had to elect the present government.
We believed that the Conservative leaders prior to that date had squandered the people's money and played them false.
They were corrupt and practised corruption to keep themselves in power. They were not the men who should have the government of this country in their hands.
Honest men voted them out.
The present Liberal government was ,	m
elected on a definitely stated platform iog at the governmental trough. It which met with the views of honest men ! would accomplish good in that it would in both political parties. 1 hey made great , allow our adversaries to consider the
PNoimrty over started out with better *®nt «tuition, and tooveaco-ne that lack prospects or had a better chance to carry ^ patriotism which dominates the acts out its promises than the Liberal party did j and deeds. Canada is at present much in in 180ft.	evidence. Her products exposed at Paris
1 lu\v had a big majority in the	house	|	have excited	the admiration of	Europeon
S&& "SS Sa3f	If	|	¦;,d ........ »....
tjrv.	mg. Canada, the lirger portion of whose
The leaders appeared to go mad with	I	population is	French-Canadian,	is presid-
delight upon assuming office and	forgot	j	ed over by a	French-Canadian	Catholic,
entirely the professed principles upon Leave tnings as they are ; do not, through
vk'nll tho.n Taw- noï ‘ JgotteniTolc ! tr.ftnc"ur’ «r jealou.ly with to replace principles and they still stand by those | 1 lla •ench C. anadian by an Englishman, principles.	an Orangeman. Have oui compatriots of
No wonder the Gleaner or any other hon- the Opposition so little of the spirit of	____
The Lib-1 a Canadian Liberal ? It is not necessary 1	*- r	v
to consider only if the Government is
m
campa
and

(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
This is the famous battle in which our
Canadians took such a prominent and effective part.
*‘T See the Battle re produced on the Exhibition Grounds,
IV|cDOUGALL and CUZNEI$’S Hardware Stores,
MR. AND MHS. CHAS. HHID.
Residing on Farm
o
Leslie, Aug. 11. l!*W
Reduced Rates
on all lines of travel-
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
pre
as iie miscalls it— jandies. Now, l have been taught that jaundice is not a disease. In pathology jaundice is called a mere symptom of a disease ; but, here again, I may be wrong. 1 feel sure the holy man is at least as right here as elsewhere.
I have no denominational
| For Prize list and all information write
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
E. McMAHON. Sec’y,
2t> Sparks Street,
OTTAWA.
Are not Surpassed In the World.
pulpit to
grace or disgrace, Mr. Editor ; hence 1 go to the people’s pulpit—the public newspaper. Thanking you, I am.
Wm. HUTCHISON, ty. P.,
President
T. C. BATE,
Treasurer,
Their
ass
P. S. See Massey Harris Co’s Specials ON PAGE 4 A AND 4 B OF PRIZE Ll8T.
J. S. White
have -food over 15 years of successful testing on farm and railway.
m
Girl Dies from Heat
SPECIAL OFFERS MADE THIS YEAR ON
ears, e intense heat. Misa Rondeau was seemingly
quite well in the morning but during the.	,
heat of mid-day complained considerably 1 ilGSG GrOOuS RF6 Rll 1113JlUT3,CtUr6Q by th8 UntâTlO
SfiS I wire Fencing Go., Limited, of Piéton, Ont.
and toward evening she passed sway. | For sale by the Hardware Merchants and General Dealers throughout Canada. Also Miss Rondeau’s untimely death is greatly regretted. She was a girl of amiable qualities and was a daughter of Français Rondeau, grocer on the Chelsea road.
Dale Bros

HOC FENCING.
were elected or expected to do oral party today is as honest as it ever \\ as
and will not stand dishonesty in its lead- | Liberal or if it is Conservative. These
qualifications should not count.”
ers
The Review as an independent Liberal paper, has repeatedly protested against the mistakes of the leaders. We do so again, and in this we are not alone in this constituency.
During the past month scores of oldtime Liberals here have stated positively
that they would use neither their influence | [>eai >[R KhiTon —
'“I
Otui leading Liberal went so far as to a^bitK <»f gastnc catairh. M) whole body state that he would certainly vote against Wils as yellow as the proverbial duck s the party at the first opportunity.	foot. Finding no remedy here, I went I Baron Russell, of Killowen, Lord
What this country wants is honest gov- to Texas and was soon cured. While re- Chief Justice of England, died on Friday eminent, no matter what the name of it I turning to Canada hist February I was ! morning from the result of an operation
We would not like to see the Liberal I injurod- and until this week I have been I,or Kaetric catarrh. He wm one of the government turned down at the next elec* unable to write you this letter—a letter ,,noet distinguished jurists of the age tion. The party, as a whole, was and is which I believe will clear away certain honest, hut if it is to govern this country mysteries surrounding my name and
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE,
CORRESPONDENCE
White is at Home
by the Canadian Hart ware Jobbers.
GEN. AGENTS The G. Greening Wire Co. of Hamilton and Montreal Agent for Railway Fencing James Cooper, Montreal.
Correspondence with Manufacturers invitai.
< fftawa, .July 22, 1900
1
Baron Russell Dead
Wantorl A Travelling
TV (Il I LOU General Agent
Are well equipped to supply all the demands of
THE SPRING AND SUMMER TRADE with a complete stock of all necessary articles in
is
Notwithstanding the immense amount of expense entailed in refitting the ground Shortly after my leaving Ottawa, a cer-1 and securing special attractions fur the tain interesting and interested clergyman Central Canada Exhibition at Ottawa the of Quyon bewailed my departure and prize list is aa complete as ever. The geld eulogized myself in the following mys- j and silver medals will not be of the usual terioua, but, ii" doubt, charitable and | iterotype variety simply stating that it holy language
“ Some of them has left
An experienced canvasser, or a man with good character and address, with the necessary ability
to travel from town to town and appoint agents. I Orders for Special Arti-
I w»s won so and .0 but each and every one I-vr^	_____ j	. _	_	des will receive promt at-
Yes. Turn is made in a separate die and atatea deh ^0 CanVaSSing. Salary and 6XpenS6S paid. POSÎ- tentioil. TlN RoOFiXti a
ingyalla. He’s turnin' y alia now. He I nately fur what it was awarded. This; i*	.	,	. , *
wont last long. The country is better off advantage will we readilv recognized and blOH pôffHâJ16Ilt RIlCl promotion RCCOl’dillg tO IHBrit. I SpCCl&lty,
without him. He skipped. I tried to appreciated.	I	°
find him, but he knew better than to' The special prise list is long and liberal	IHC StclCl ICY*G3rrCt50n Co
await my visit. He has the jandies. the Massey Harris Company having made	J	WV
He's gone out of the country. He won’t a valuable addition thereto. Special cash !	BRANTFORD O N T
come Back, He’s afeerd.”	and other prizes are (tiered for a milk test I Mention this paper.	Wlm ¦ ¦
That idea was held a few years ago by I Now, 1 have the highest respect for	samples of egga, and	many other	inter-
a considerable number of Canadians, jn.	the clergy ; and, although I cannot see	eating competitions,
deed, by a whole political party, but I anything pharitable or holy in this portion Daiay products come in for a large share there are not many Canadians who think Bie holy mail's sermon, I feel sure the of attention and this class of competition that way now. Canadians in general now ! fault i* own. I feel sure that, in- bids fair to be in advance of even the im-have full confidence in the future of the steAtl of pressing some power which mense display of last year. Ladies Works Dominion not only as an agricultural other men have not, I really lack some and the Art Exhibit are given a building country, but also as a mining and manu- Powcr which other men have ; for, verily, to themselves, both to give a better show factoring country. They know that Can- a certain Mr. J. B. said, in the presence ing and also to permit of fairer opportu « ada has a greater store of raw materials of tw° responsible residents of Quyon, that nities of judging
than the United States, that it has in-	he was glad the clergyman delivered him-	In the Ladies Work	Department	large
numerable water powers and can obtain	of this beautiful sentiment, and that	glass show cases have	been installed for
electric power for manufacturing more *-P°°r little one—was the subject or the protection of the goods from dust and
cheaply than any other country, and that ol>ject of this must Powerful and prayer- handling thus ensuring the return of all I Finest and safest rifle ever made it has coal, iron ore and limestone in f"* pulpit charge. Hence, I have a two- exhibits in good order and condition.	for large or small game,
close proximity to deep water ocean bar &*kl purpose in asking space for my let- The Art Exhibit will again be a feature | Write for complete UXWCatalogue, hours, which the United States has not. ter ' First, 1 >i#h 8ome kind-hearted of the exhibition. Some of the leading They know that the ocean ports of Can- reader to tell me w hether the quoted artists of Canada will compete in this
ada are nearer to Europe, Ami, Africa ! language he indeed charitable and holy; exhibit and aside from this the manage I The Smiths Falls News, referring to and South America than those’ of the alld’ secondly, I wish the reverend gen- ment have arranged for a special exhibit the Liberal statement that United States, while the Canadian system tleman, %nd Mr J. B. and other bench- ; of historical pictures which cannot fail to has increased under Liberal rule, says : of inland navigation is unequalled, and ,Ken to know that I have returned to Ot- attract special attention. The arrange- 11 So have our expenditures, cur taxes, they are beginning to think that Canada ! tawa, and that my permanent address is ruent will be very artistic, and no one | the prices of all kinds of hardware, the ought not only be independent of the 8ti11 at the oId 8tand» 181 %***# St., should fail to pay a visit to the Art Gab prices of agricultural implements, the United States for Its supply of manufac- where 1 turn an honest penny in my lery. The Experimental Farm exhibit, price of coal oil, the price of sugar, the lured goods, but that Canadian manu- usual pursuits, namely, mathematics, ; which is always a feature of general inter- I price of tea and coffee, railroad subsidies, facturera may compete successfully with languages, shorthand, telegraphy, etc., est, will be better than ever this year, as j the number of Cabinet Ministers, the American manufacturers in foreign mar- et*-	the farm people are laying themselves out number of Government employes and pol-
kets.—Montreal Star.	I I sm glad to accept as true all the rev- to completely surpass all previous efforts. I itical corruption.” It might have added
erend gentleman has said about me, al- Owing to the bountiful harvest this year, I that there is a rapidly increasing desire though I must say that his diagnosis of there is no lack of excellent material from among the people to get rid of the Gov-Judge PJamadon, of Arthabaskaville, I my malady is scarcely scientific. For ex- which to elaborate an artistic, instructive eminent which is responsible for sll died last week at the age of 75.	J ample, he says I suffered jaundice—or,! and highly attractive exhibit.	| these increases.
TIN and AGATEWARE.
A Manufacturing Country.
Primarily the Dominion now is, and long must be, not a manufacturing, but an agricultural country. Her manifest destiny is to supply raw products and food staples to the great American Republic, and to receive therefrom such manufactures as cannot be produced more cheaply on Canadian soil. — The New York Sun.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID
• y Limited,
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
.303 Calibre.
r
x
Savage Magazine Rifle.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
Tie Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.
One rifle takes six different cartridges Point Blank Range for Hunting.
OB
OO-, UTICA. N. y.. U. S. AMERICA
^ hen the Imperial limited was flying past Almonte on Saturday it struck a wagon occupied by two farmers, scattering the outfit in every direction. The aculous part of it was that neither was seriously hurt. One was unscratched and the driver escaped with having the hair shaved off the top of hie head as clean as if done by a barber. The wagon was smashed into kindling wood. The driver pluckily held to the reins and was dragged along the street for some distance. À large crowd witnessed the accident and everyone was astonished beyond expression that the men escaped death.
GOODS WELL BOUGHTJ ARE HALF SOLD \
our revenue
rair
men
To buy well, watch the latest prit formation in the special TRADE
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Beekseller end Stationer.
m.	_ Sample# 7r«0
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
ices end in*
PRESS.
<









ES S
,






^ *




###PAGE###5###









THE EQUITY,
VI ANTED—Honett manor woman to 1rs-? ? vel for Urge hou*e ; salarj4W> month-1Y	expeneee, with Increase ; position
permanent ; I nr low* self-addressed stain ped envelope. MANAtiKIt. 880 Caxton bldg. Chicago.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Consigned to Us ... direct from Belgium :
A large stock of
A Weekly Journal devoted to local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT HHAWV1LLE, Co. PONTIAC, 4UE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ubllsher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
Court Shawville,
No. 816.
I.O.F
A. SMILEY, Prop

mi
Meets the 4tb Wed new day of every month.
Court due* must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
GLASS
:o:
Farmers
ADVERTISING RATES :
L.BX
Legal advertising, eight cent* per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at KUO per year.
Louai announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by f<jr longer periods Inserted which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inslruc-tfcMiH accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices nub-
Obituary poetry ih
5 Consider a Moment I
When about to buy a new Binder, why select one that is full of defects, when you can get one built on modern and correct principles ?
J. A. Cowan, H R.
H. h. Babnktt, F.b
of the following stock sizes :
H X 8*
J. W. Eadem, C. R-
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
DOUBLE THICK.
X
10
12
the month or at low rates,
8* Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
x
24
24
X
12
1<>
Lumber of All Kinds Booth! and Soli
12 X
18
X 28
24
r

x
12
20
CONSIGN!!ENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty.
The Frost & Wood
X
24
:I0
llihed free of charge, ce run per line.
ree
x
12
24
\
X 06
24
14 X 14 X
JOB PKINT1NO.
24
New
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
28
20 X
40
X
15
20
JOHN A. COWAN
Hemtssm by Pkhmimiox :
Denis Murphy. Pr*s. Ottvws TrsuMportatlon Co. F. W* Avery., Hull Lumber Co.
J. T. Slilrriff, K. 13. Bd.ly Co.
I a tel) font & McDougall, Barristers.
John Ih'io y & Mon», il. X. Bate * Mou.
No. 2 BINDER
Publisher.
18 X
24



Business Cards.
hi V
Farmers, contractors and builders will save money by placing their orders for glass early with us.
COMBINES ALL THE LATEST AND BEST IMPROVEMENTS TO BE FOUND ON ANY HARVESTING MACHINE MADE. SEE IT.
MEDICAL.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOljN SW|ITI|, Proprietor.
s
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B./\., M.D.,C.M.
The largest assortment of Curtain Poles and
Trimmings in town.
BAR IRON, CHAIN, ROPE,
OILS, PAINTS, WHITE LEAD.
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. If. II Knox, Shaw ville.
The spot spot for—
Headquarters for
Stylish Rigs, Wagons, Harness, Harvesting Tools and all Farm Machinery-
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
)
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Me<l. College, Toronto. Omet and Rcaidbncb : J. U Anmhtkono's Uousk, MAIN STREET • • SHAWVILLE.
UT Your Turn next.
We are offering a very large and well-assorted stock of
Scythes, Scythe-Stones, Scythe-Snaths, Hay
Rakes, Grain Cradles, and Harvesting Tools
of every description.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
f
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
The Shawvilio
LEGAL.
S1S1I and DOOR
(
i
BODRBEAD RAINVILLE, L L L
I
J
CHINA DEPARTMENT.
•Sy

V f/J
—ALL KINDS OF—
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
- o
•—
I
will visit Shawville every Monday. IlltCrjOT & EllCFiOf r
FINISH FOR TE
Houses & Verandahs
MANCrXUTVBED. I
Crockery aqd Faqcy China from far-off Old England.
Printed Bedroom, Dinner and Tea Sets. A nice and well selected stock of Parlor Lamps, Water Sets Table Sets, and Fancy Opal China, suitable for wedding presents. Call and inspect, whether you buy or not.
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
%
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 26, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each mouth.
Am ce-over O. F. Hodglne’ Store, Main 81.
DOORS, SASIC, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, be. kc,
K»*pt in stock and made to Order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POFCLAKPttICBS.

0
/
Are you going to the sea shore or Norway Bay ?
P. S.
We have Trunks and Valises in abundance.

BABY No. 1

CEO. C. WRIGHT,!McCEEDIE&«ODGINS.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
t f
will save you $10 per cow
per year
The prices arc net at list to
one and all alike
0
discount.
Y>
Estimates furnished.


OF THE PROVINCE OF QVKllEf
Mol non.V Bank Chambers—
11 Metcalfe St., Ottawa.
Monster
Phone No. 1173.
I<aw business in Ottawa and Pontiac Dis triots attended to.
no
New Brunswick and Nova Scotia papers report much activity by Liberal candidates in their respective constituencies. In Kings, N. B.t Mr. Domville has four c eiks on his campaign staff. In Cumber-
Saturday, Aug 4, 1900. | ï£
the Laurier platform. In Guyshoro Mr. Fraser and in Antigonish Mr. Mclsaac are personally canvassing. Preparations are going on along the Intercoloial for spend ing the two millions that Parliament voted last session, and electors who hive been Special G. P. It. train leaves Ottawa at I looking for jobs ever since 189(5 are at 7.15, a. in.; Sand Point, 9.45, a. in.; Ren work on the road. If there ia not an
Regular morning train early election a lot of Liberal effort and
public money will be wasted.
Pic-Nic
CEO. HYNES,


W. W. IRELAND,
Write for particulars to
At ECAfiVILLE, Ont
/
W. S. CLARKE,
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc.,executed legally and halls* j factorlly.

FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE. I —
SHAWVILLE
QUE.

Greater and rqore Wonderful than ever ! Come and be Convinced.
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.

S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
,

11

: J
NOTARY PURLI \ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND 8AVINUS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, -
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.


1 ? •
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
QUE.
frew, 10.U6, a. in. leaves Haley’s at 8.39, a. in.
IN UNDERTAKING
J1 HE
Duncan McIntosh, the fourteen year* old son of Mr. Josias McIntosh, of Me* Nab township, has disappeared and no trace of him can be found. On July 7th the boy drove his mother from their home to the Renfrew market, where
_	, ,	_	. they both spent some little time.
Return Special C. P. R. train leaves Egan* I McIntosh then went to the house of a
'1 1 ,l 1 ,l- 1IU	relative in the town to make a call, leav-
J. A. Ivrrr, ing the boy at the market. The latter Secretary, soon followed her and told her he had j ___ been hired by a man at #7 a month and _ .	,	-	.	asked leave to go. His mother pointed
DlStriCt and l/OUntry* I out to him that he could not go, having
on hie good clothes. The boy told his mother the man’s name, but she paid so little attention to him, thinking he would not go, that she forgot the name afterwards. That was the last she saw of her
Return Tickets good on all Trains
for three days.
Trom OTTAWA .. .. $1.25 SAND POINT ..
RENFREW HALEYS
WANTED !
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisite# to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
R. MITCHELL,
PORTAGE DU FORT
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT.
for the District of Pontiac. Office, Main St;, Shawville.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
75
• <
<<
50
RoilerMill
• e
70
• •
Mrs.
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will he supplied ns to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
FRESH and CURED
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT Shawville .Que., respectfully solicits engagements for any business! ncounectlon with all Courts In the County. Collections madeand p-omp tret urn «assured
B
Rev. P. S. Dowdall,
Director.
MEATS
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
GENERAL.
of all kinds at
A Bromley farmer had twenty sheep killed by lightning on Monday of last week.
JAS. HOPE & Co.
ANUFACTURIXG STATIONERS,BOOKSEL lers, Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary BibleSociety .Ottawa,Ont.
THE SHAWVILE
N|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
First Quality Flour.
M
The Lake Deschenes Mill company has | sun. under consideration an offer from the town of Sturgeon Falls to establish a branch mill there. Sturgeon Falls offers exemption from taxation for tea yeire, a free site, and other like generous privilege
A balloon ascension is always full of interest and when coupled with a parachute jump it becomes doubly attractive. The management of the Central Canada Exhibition Association have secured a most King Humbert’s body was borne to the I novel attraction along this line. Prof, tomb on Thursday morning, with most | Ed. R. Hutchison and Miss Retta Dan-imposing ceremonies. Thousands wit- zella ascend together in a monster balloon nessed the procession, and many of the to which are attached two parachutes, populace shed tears as it passed along When thousands of feet above the earth the streets of Rome towards the Panth* | the parachutes with the daring aeronauts
are detached simultaneously drop four
_	.	..	..	.	.	mm « I hundred feet before opening, then tilling
During the thunderstorm on Monday ft t0 mother earth la enacted which afternoon, lightning .truck the steeple of hold, tbe Bpectatora apellbound. The the Congregational church, Lanark, and ,pectacie 0f human being, falling thou.-.et bre to the tower and roof. The fire andl 0f feet through apace, and the great brigade worked hard and had it practically amount of da attendant on .uch a out when the water played out. Before	°	¦ ¦ -g-	¦
Apply to
izr Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in. every respect.
J. J. TURNER,
C. K. GRIGG
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles of any kind taken and disposed of by public or private sale on reasonable terms. Public sales conducted at Shawville once a month. A variety of articles always on hand for sale; Office : Shawville, Que.
;
RENFREW. Ont.
JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor.
Proprietor.
THIS IS THE SEASON
FOR
FOR SALE:
Bristol Wharf
HOTELS.
Ice Cream,
Fresh Fruit Choice Candies, Confectionery, &c.,
A quantity of—
eon.
St. Lawrence Hall,

Boards Laths and Shingles.
)

FERRY
i
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.

o
CHANCE OF TIME.
,h.mor.d to«.,i.., tt. to.	wZClïZ;
saved, but the tower wn burned off M<wde' 17th	Leave Bristol W^arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
Good Accommodation, Table and Bur always well furnished.
First-class Livep.y Attached.
PATENTS
l

All to l>e had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—
and the roof and inaide badly damaged. The loss is about $2,500, and is covered by insurance.
PROMPTLY SECURED
Between 700 and 800 famileeof French Canadians living near Zilwaukee, Michigan, are coming back to Canada as soon I	Jan(j p0jnf
as they can complete arrangements with the Dominion government and the Canadian Pacific railway. They will locate m Gull Lake district, Alberta. The re-1 Meeting all Trains, aeons for wanting to leave Michigan are that they cannot get farms large enough, the soil is sandy and their young people are growing up and cannot get he land they require to farm. Most of the farms amend Zilwaukee are about forty acres
i

)
Write for our interesting books " Inventor’s Help” and •• Mow you ere swindled." Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted f.y us. We, conduct fully equipped offices In Montr .and Washington; Disqualifies usto promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents as broad as the invention. Highest references furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in over too newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty i—Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
. Patent Experts end Solicitera.
fe-r ' i ssnjSGassagi
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
D. -WILSON’S
Those Treasonable Letters.
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.,
5
and
London, Aug, 9.—There is reason to believe, says the Standard, in reference to the papers found at Prêtons, that a communication signed by certain Liberal members and others was sent to President Kruger last September, urging him to concede a five year franchise, without artificial restrictions, and assuring him that, if he did so, they would do all they could to assist him in maintaining the independence of the Transvaal. It is believed also that eorae letters written by Mr, Michael Davitt were discovered.
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,


JEWELLER




CEORCE BALLANTINE,
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac. âc.
Armenians Massacred.
Constantinople, Aug. 10.—Advices received from Bitlis, Asiatic Turkey, say that 200 men, women and children have been massacred in the Armenian village of Spaghank, in the district of Saasun, by troops and Kurds, under Ali Pasha, the commandant of Bitlis. He is also amid to have ordered the village to be burned.
Ferryman.




Mrs. Win. Stephen, of 343 Waverly in extent and the Canadians want Urge I St., Ottawa, was horribly burnt by the farms. All speak English fluently, and ^pitting of a coal oil lamp on Thursday
iVenet,,t,6mvet<hatndrted^^ndVhree thouund morning. Mr,. Stevens succumbed to in the colony when it leave, Michigan. ' her injuries the same evening._________________


Rifairika—
a Sprcialitt:
SHAWVILLE, 6













-, ,



: m


i
.1

____—


K







###PAGE###6###



\ I









Floriculture.
#	% » -	in*,, "% 4#» %. # I Place in a wire basket and lramer.se
i	i I in fiust-Mlmg water far three ur
r	J S ^ | .? ,	^ J four minute*, plunge at crave Into
f RL | iîW I 1 ir I II W x ooltl water, th n the pool will come
§8B%^»	^#)r%%%llll llli%# «'(f iviMily. ('til in halves lengthwise
tnd remove » l needs ihit séparé from the fruit. Cook in a porcelain*
HOW THE DEEP OAN WORKS.
As soon no poseible a Hex w Iking place the milk in a tin vewu't owr 6 Inches m diameter and ¥0 inches deep, closely covered and wet in cold water as dt*p as the in lk m
wer every purpose, am the plants can	iWMMAhWWWtWM,'
th b# easily t : up.
"Planting should he done either In the early spring, us soon as the ground is ready to bo worked, or late in the autumn, say the latter part
j Agricultural |
itMMW/A WWW "AWWMM 'WMM W «.WVfft
not
JACK IN THIS PULPIT.
Jark-in-1 he pulpit Preaches to-ilay; tome hear what Ilia Reverence Rises to say lu his queer little pulpit This bright Sabbath day. Green is his pulpit,
Green are his bands,
Beneath a striped canopy Sternly he stands.
So much for the preacher,
I he sermon comes next;
Shail we tell how he preached It, And whit was his text ?
Alas, like too many Grown-up folk who worship In mnn-builded chuiohes to-day.
We heard not the preacher Expound or discuss;
We looked at the people Anti they looked at us;
We saw all their dresses, Their colors and shapes,
1 he trim of their bonnets, The out of their cipes;
We heard the wind-organ The bee and the bird.
Hut from Jack-in-the-pulpU '' e heard not a word 1
—John G. Whittier.
LAYING A CEMENT FLOOR Prepare tho artrfuca when* ihe floor I 'be vessel et e temperature prefer-
COOKING MK AT A
Mr, Slebrooht Bays plants on their
own roots propagated from cuttings I u to bn laid by filling; up the low | yt),y W degrees, or not oohlur, t here are vary eupsi r to I he oh p Ira-1 placée with gravel, and after tboio ported or budded stook
Tha mont porfeot meats làken I lined kettle until h.ill done; et ill oare-
fivra animals that are full ârawi* fully lllv bottom to insure eook-
ihit have beam well fed and not | big evenly.
overworked. The flesh of such w animal to firm, tender, finely fiavor-1 the cans, covers, and rubber» over
ed, abounding In nutritious elements. I 0arefully; reject all covers that are An old dairy cow, or an ox that has I nfl^ 11 uv around the edges; if the r u I» been worked in the yoke, may bemad# bers are not soft and pliable use new very fat, and be in a perfect healthy ones. Put the cans and rubbers in-CK-hdiiivu, but thv meat will ho tough, to a pan of hot water on the stove;
tasteless, and well nigh I fill the cans with h >t water. Place
Yot even this is a few flat sticks lu t h » bottom of the
pun for the oinsf to r«wt upon to prenant breaking. When ready to fill the cans pour out thv h >t water and fill at once while tho can is hat with thv boiling tomatoes. The oau muet
to muiifan at reel for 12 or more hours,
The wild! uglily wen ting, tamp down solid j when the deeming will be found per-
stook of the budded rose getj the bet-1 Give surface a gradual slant from | f<*et possible by any giavity pro*
The effect thus produced is
t&r mük
Usv self-sealing glass cans
Look
ter of the real	rose and throws up	mamger to gutter of	1 1-2 In. It is	coos
strung suckers	or shoots from the	very important that	the tumpibg	brought about	by	cooling
roots, thus killing the growth from	be» well done, sa thore	will be no place	^ ' om nearly blood	heat,	68	degrees,
the choice bud.	Frequently the most	that will settle anG cause the cement	° preferably	3U degree	while	the
luxuriant looking bushes are barren. io crack. At the propel distance from	18 st riotty a/t rvst. Airing to
tors is mere aster-
nil
the m.iiigvr mark off I hr plane for I ft6* 0,1 * supposed
the gutter, varying from 0 ft 8 m ta I i «on—it fs agitation of tW milk while
8 ft 8 in. owing to sise smd the «.reed | “	<* -triotly, »t rest. To .ool
h milk below 3V degrees would be

gristly
worthless as food
cut the worst beef th t com ¦ nto our kitohone
lug and Intelligent seas n ng however, render such meat ei table at least.
But no care and pains can make dis* cased flesh a safe and whu-losome be brimful
LINEN ÜOVVNS.
of the cow. The gutter should be dug
Aiming thv moat useful gowns for 3 m wide and deeper than wanted injurious. Why?
prf.'k'Ht wwr are theme of linen, both | ft ah< 1 he level from end to end |	1	^ Wooded l>y those who have
made s study of the subject that
milk m about 87 per cent water and
13 per cent utf other matter and that
it heats and coole much slower than
Long and slow cook-
in colors and whiite White Is rather when finished and 8 in. deep and 18 the most economical, as it launders | Lu. wide at the bottom, so well, but of course it molls mort
1
Construct a box about 4 ft. long quickly also. A pretty model iu but-1 and 8x18 in, outside tneaaure, to use
cher*» linen is made with a plain skirt Kn laying cement in the gutter. If
opening on the left suie in front un- you use partition poets, measure back der a mil tolled band, three inches wide from the manger the proper distance which continues down to the bottom and drive piece 1 in. iron pipe 18 in. of the skirt and all around the lower long into the ground, leaving it 6in. edge. The back trains slightly at the above the surface. These are to set
Pass a spoon down into the can, so
rood
farmer to breed a.ud feed for beef is that the uir bubbbvt and part of the
Whether it pays the ordinary
wat*r. It ahiinks in volume in cooling down to 38 dgreee ai liquid half ounce to the gallon. If cooled below 39 degrees It begin* tq expand and ou freezing may burst the vessel. It i# claimed that the dwired raising or
the oau la	not brimful, put in more I	ft would be	hard to	find more real	bJttom, and the top is finished	with I partituqp posts on aftevr boring a	I	separating,	t#	mill! from the	ereom
tomatoes.	Place on lho rubber and	information about the	garden culture	inverted plait*, *t itched down	four	hole u> the lower end of post.	Posts	h* brought	«bo it by the	effect	of su< -
evovor and screw down as tightly as or rtxst^ than Mr. Henry A. Siebrecht uichc* from the top. The bodice is set lu cement will dewy. Construct d<n cooling of the milk in tbq man-roast, or a little suet, or fresh drip*	possible,	being careful t hit there are	contributes to the American Rose so-J	Pl^io in the back, has small shirt	I	three boxes with tight hot toms 4x4	I	n< J sta.ted-d.hat placing the	08 **
pings, into an Iron pot, and fry thor- stusls	under the cover. Turn the	piety—an article which treats the	sub-	j	cleave* w ith ouff of heavy laoe. Loose	ft. t)y using 12-ft. plank and put in	worm milk on t outsu e
oughly. Throw in three sliced onions cans upside down for four or five j|.<jt very fully and yet with great bre- | frofd fastened on the left side with a partition every 4 ft. Get a ‘2 l-2ii >> 111 ^ by so cooling » rin * t in vO u«ne end let thorn fry to a light brown,	hours.	If no juice ooze* out In that	vity, and which seems to supply	just	* stitched bund. Transparent yoke of	Lu. piece long enough to reach ucio is	hut mu*ee 11 hvavien in bulk
Rub the beef wit hi a little peppjr and	timv your tomatoes are quite sure to	what kind of information the	rose	heavy hive. Collar band stitched, or	I	i he floor the short way, and a 1-2x2	I	1 * foims a d< nw.i < urren	o
silt and flour, put into the pot and kn**»p. Wrap the cans in two or three grower wants mo&t. We regret not ribbon with belt to match. 1 he in strip oi the sauve length.	I outsidt o \ c c i a * 8
fry brown	on	all	sides:	This	season-4thieknenses	of cloth or soft paper to	being able to	reproduce the paper in |	whole gown is unlined. Another	good	Into the first 'box put as	much	I	mirent in	the	muddle.	The	cream,
in g of	the	meat	serves to retain	what	exclude the	light. Keep in a cool,	full, but offer	some of	its more vu lu- )	m Kiel is made of fine white linen.with	graved as can tv conveniently	mixed
juices and flavors such a roust con- dark place.	|	able general suggestion*:	u three-piece skirt in*et with three	and add one	part	cement to	nine
“The	first	casent ial requisite	to	rows of ecru insertion. Hodice laid in hui .b graved.	Mix	thoroughly	and
cultivate the rose is the love and In- tucks running around, and alternated shovel over into box No 2, and mix ' °P* Th,s been pu»,* ,t w. h g act
The next	important	with rows of Insertion like that on	again, and then shovel into iho	last	vcesela	with	black	spreks	In	the	m'
the skirt. Sleeve* with tucked tops,	box, where it	to to	be sprinkled	un-	which	w-i<•	shown	to	move	i»	t	o	ct&f*
Soft cuff* inset with lace. Still anoth-1 tu it Is damper than freshly-dug ' ivn,s ae described.
the 2 1-2x0 iuch
juice and meed* will oome to the top, crush the bubbles an l dip out part of the eeetla and juice the seeds and juice is necessary to In-
After t his is done if
for him to decide the cook mu.tr mike the moat and the beat of what cornea to her hinds Perhaps there is no easier or surer way of getting the entire sustenance from a “chunk" of tough old cow than by ou>king it as a pot roast.
In the meantime
1 to moving
A ROUT ROSES.
sum success
I'ut the trimmings of fat from the
Uenoe
the part that does not cool a*quickly as t ho watery part of the milk, retain* its bulk, is lighter and remains on
Add half a pint of hot water, mover eloaely, and pi not» where It will
tains
HOW TO MAKE FRUIT SYRUPS.
jus! simmer for five hours, adding half a teacup of hot water from time to time, as it evaporates, and turning the roast several times during the process cooking, being careful not to pierce the meat
P^y nf land robing drnka^\a	plan, of ground. ..d
cf he right sort are a, -null, #ft#r ^	()ok und a „tarl with
hxMtdi « «hey are t„ comfort during	^	for the per-
«ho summer months, and the bouse-\	#nJ	^
Ki t sh',a!a "" conscientiously pro-	wj|1 uqw	the aoU ln tlie
vide a variety of thase as she does the
...	.	-	,	,,,	, proposed rose garden
00d	y'	n ‘warm, upland .oil with plenty of na-
fvw Of them are meat as well a, ^	bj(h	„„„ ^rfaoe.
.	.	.	then little work is necessary. The
No homemade beverage is at once .	*	..	,
garden, whether large or small,
should be arranged or laid out with
er model is of white linen lawn, made eartii. Lay down with a perfectly plain tucked skirt, strip 2 ft, from the starting point, fitting the hips closely, the tucks be- and put concrete well tamped even ing sewn down to within eight inches | with the top edge, of the bottom. Bodice and sleeves
ADMIRAL SEYMOUR.
At the end of five hours, U the beef has simmered all the time, and never boiled, i ft will be found ten-
Should it be
Sen a box in the gutter, having
i Plclnre #r llio K.igllth daller <V
mandlng lu ( bill,
Bolero jacket, col-| previously laid 2 1-2 in, of concrete in
and fill in
tucked to match
lar and sleeve epaulets of Irish cru-1 the 'bottom of/ trench ohot laoe fastened in front with three I around with concrete to within one
VVh .11 I he fvrst
der, juicy and deliciously flavored. There will be n> trace of the onions, and there will be a bowl of appetizing gravy, whloh may. be poured over and around the roast, or served in the sauce boat as preferred best fed animals, there are third and fourth rate cuts, wb'cb, cooked in the same manner as a prime iib roast prove far from satisfactory, but which prepared after the foregoing formula are quite as nutritious and satisfying and to youthful palates, more acceptable than the choicer cuts at double thv price.
My dear old friend, Sir Edward 8ey-is more than a brother to ma.
so beautiful and delicious as t h.*» made with fruit syrups and shrubs, and every housewife should provide a
mour
I will remember his friendship to the
bows of black velvet, caught in the ha:lX inch of top centre with small ornamental buttons strip of concrete is laid across the
or slides. Narrow U JL of black vel-1 p,ntl cow	y°u are rrady tor
P.ace t h« 1-2x2 in
nome system; borders or beds, not over five or six feet wide, with paths on each side, in order that they may he easily worked from both sides. * “There should be at least eighteen inches depth of good rich soil in the bed or border, which should be well trenched to the full depth and roughly but well ridged up. No attempt should be made *t leveling or making It fine. If possible this trenching may be done in the autumn, just before the frost. If, however, the garden is not prepared until spring, the trenching and ridging up should be done as early as possible to work the ground. The soil should lie at least Ln that condition, when it should be leveled and receive a heavy dressing
end. In Manila Bay, when I was in h meet trying position, this English , j commander stood loyally at my back. If it had not been for his moral sup-part I cannot say what might have happened—Extract from Dewey's speech, at Chicago, May 1, 1900.
In the
few jar* of each in the season of small 11U i i 8
vet, also finished with a bow uud but- the finish coot
Properly
they keep as well • ns canned fruit s, ’ and are fine for flavoring ices, creams, custards and various kinds of puddings and other desserts ' | quire more sugar than je Hitts, and unlike that conserve should be made of perfectly ripe fruit ed sugar, earthen or granite ware ve.s-
made and stored
is | hi rip on tup of the 2 l-2xti and apply op otf concrete cement and sifted
A novel gown of blue linen
ton
fashioned with a circular skirt, trim
mad above a four-inch facing, wild I sind« free from diri, in the proper stitched bands of white linen, forming 110,11 01 oti8 P 111
half diamonds, the upper points being P11sand. I & a boai d foi Si i Bight
.,«»d .„d	«... .	I Î* ",Z I To 6i„ l«y.I ..pport In ¦ I,,I».
ruweled off I petition—that is the very essence of
the character of Admiral Sir Edward
on
Admiral
ovimmt to three
They re-
Luave
three email pearl buttons; gilt buttons
may be used, if preferred. The b | wil* S^P M111 ls
smi <> h. Take up 2 1-2x0 in piece and
move forward 2 ft. and slide the box
Use granulat-
i
is made in an Eton wiUi three collars
Hobart Seymour, K. C. B. Ile acte up to the motto of his family, " Foy pour “ Faith for duty/’
of the gutter. Hound off the edge a I A single glance at the face of the so thoy will not crumble when step- gallant sailor who ia now lost to sight After floor, hast been laid two | in the country between Tien Tain and
Pekin. ,a« he pushes forward at the
head of his small column to the relief
&els, and wooden or silver spoons in ail the various opérations. When Plum Pie—Select large, fully ripe d* ne, they can be bottled, but n re plume. If the skin» are tough, scald nMtre convenient when kept in pint* and peel them; halve and remove the size fruit jars, etones.	Add cold water to a tea-
spoon of corn starch to mike a smooth pttshe. Make a syrup of 1-3 cup of water and a oup of sugar, remove from the fire and stir iu the starch.
Arrange the plums on a crust-lined M	M
granite-ware plate, pour over the °* ity . ° 1	l,le" 1 ng to a 1
syrup, cover with a lattice pasts. and almm”f far J™ and °ne-ha,f
sift a tabkspooe of powdered sugar	b>'ure- add 1 bandful ot bolled noe
over the top and bake lu a moderate-	and c',ok an baU1 lunger' Season
1, hot oven to a light browu. H ive w,th 8,111 and	WhUe' red or
the greater heat on the bottom, tint blilck	will each impart a dit-
tbe under crust m,y be well baked. ferüût ,lavt,r' Usb diii6reeU7-
If the bottom crust Is brushed over P<wtat0 Pie-Peel aod sllue as man? with the white of an egg before the I>,,tatoe8 ae neoded to P'ov.de a meal plums are placed upon it. the juice	for the family. Add three sliced/ small
will not penetrate the crust and make	oniona' Una a bisin wilb Puff P'13le'
It soggy ; but this is not necessary Pat Ln a ^ ot PaUtotia and a	.....
if the pie is used the same day il is	*P,iukllng ot uni(>ns' add “ laT<'r of	"The	grcat	“sentlal	for	making
j. |	thin strip* or chopped cold beef, veai	rose	beds	or	borders	is	proper	and
Spiced Plums.-Wash and prick each or him* Ht’ason with! salt and pepper, ample drainage. Should the ground ing Is prettier or more becoming for plum with a fork so it will not break;	lhti onler of layers to thv lev- be of a stubborn, stiff clay nature, the morning than the sailor blouse,
vu-igh and to every 7 lbs. of plums el* Pour lu enough waAer, soup stock with perhaps a strata of hard pan be- made exactly like those worn by small i.lk.w 4 lbs. of sugar and 1 pint each “ U'lt<Nr* to U6arly °°ver the vege- neath the top soil, then the whole area boys. Blue duck, made iu this way, is cf good cider vinegar and water, tables, o>ver the top with crust and should be artificially and thoroughly useful. I he skirt should be five-gur-Heat the sugar, vinegar and water, bllkv ^til the vegetables are thor- drained and the bods or borders pro e<1 with inverted plait back, finished skim- pai in th- plums and th se spies ouf»rh,y cooked,—an hour or more. Ppcly formed; and might be done in at the bottom with a deep hem, and tied loosely	in	a ihiu muslin bag,	1	Stewed	Cabbage.—Chop fine and put	the following manner: Remove all the	stitched twice	around above the hern,
tablespoon	of	ground cinnamon.	1	in,<) tlie	billet with a little melted	topsoil to one side, taking out enough	oaxüi row of	pitching	a half inch
of whole doves and 2 pieces of mace, butter and two teacups of milk. Let | of the hard-pan to a depth of at least apart
Keep just at the boiling point until il lxdl slowly, so not to burn, until two feet below the normal sur lace or sailor collar of the material fastened the plums are tender but do not al- tendeir. addinK milk as it boils away, i level of the land in the garden, and to the blouse, and over this an extra low them to break ’ Seal while hot Season and serve.	bave the bottom surface sloping to collar of white linen. Dicky of white
Plum Catsup-Boil the plums iu	is	B'kod	Applee—Choose perfect ones,	the side whore the main path or walk	linen or flannel with a	two-inch col-
litlle water	as	p .ssible until tender	eweet or	mildly tart, out out the cores	* to be. Then pul in, carefully laid	lar band. Tie	of black	silk, lanyard
rub through i colander and then fill with a small lump of	butter	together, a layer of refuse #r ofd	of white cotton.	Belt of blue linen
through a sieve. Weigh and to ev-	and sugar.	brick or some such material to the	stitched
ery 5 lbs of pulp allow >1-2 lbs of Black Pudding-One cup each of depth of about eight inches, then fill- tucked. A watermelon-pink linen sugar, a teacup of the best"older vine-	molaesea and warm water, one	and a	mg in the crevices with small stone or	gown, which was	effective
gar and a tablespaon each of ground	half cups of seedless raisins, one *a-	duikers. Put on top of this a two-	with a ¦ (three-piece skirt,
cinnamon and cloves. Boll all to-	-Panful of soda, and two and	a half	mch depth of coarse grave clinker.
get her in a granite or porcelain ket- cup* of flour. Add more flour if j ' 1	1 11 1 "	“* "1 1 ga L
tie for 1-2 hour, stirring almost con- need on to in ike stiff enough to boil in eu 10 er> aa ' ' u "11	1,1 lu 1 lllg ‘
Put ln: a pudding bag. B H two and one-half P11 or* SUcb drainage mater Ini
cannot be easily had, then lay two-
one of white linen, stitched, the next
of blue Linen, and the upper one of | in gutter also. St*'p mto the	t
box and finish the bottom and sides devour,
PLUM POSSIBILITIES
heavy lace. The two lower collars are trimmed with stitched bands, set on
plain
.niiiif'd with the stitched bands get I R (1 on
The frontx of the Eton are
or three days* it should 'be spriukl
SOME GOOD RECIPES
on, like those on the skirt, with little button* finishing the points sleeve flared below the elbow and is finished with stitched bands this sleeve the full sleeve of the blouse which is worn with this suit, shows. The blouse is of fine, white lawn with full tucked front, and bishop sleeves, finished with a band of laoe like the collar on the Eton. Collar of blouse of tucked lawn, with narrow, turnover collar of lace. Belt of stitched linen. This gown is aJso effective corn or pink linen. As we have said before, in thus column, skirts and I shirts, or blouses, will be made of the
<ti twice a day for a week
of veal,' well-rotted stable manure.
“If the land be of an open and
Carrot Soup.—\A knuckle
The
of the threatened legations, suffices
A box is also constructed to swing
over the gutter. This is a homemade I to explain the warm fraternal feel*
con rusted of wide wgs of the American admiral. It is a
_ fine face, kind, yet strong. The fea-track. lures are regular, the mouth firm
foai qu i rtd of ooW m tU r, one qu it
of thinly sliced carrots, one head of sandy nature, barnyard manure will
If the land bo extremely
below
manure carrier
answer
light and sandy, then sheep or cow manure is much botter; and if, on the other hand, it should bo very cold and heavy land, then well-rotted horse dm 11 ure is the best spread over the ground in quantity of abuut a ton or large load to every 200 squire feet, and thoroughly spaded or forked in should be well raked and the soil made very level and fine.
pop lax boards and swung on com moo 1 D door hang rs and
Tbi m mure is shoveled into the car-I «haded by a short, grizzled mustucha rueraeît is pushed aJong, and is haul- Grizzled gray are beard and hair, for «d kiiio a manure sh-'d, where it is the admiral is iu his sixty-first year,
level and tramped by the but still as hard as nails, and as full
ibis sh'iuld be
spread
stock. When the track, 111) ft. and I of plufk as when a lieu tenant of 20 n" I amounted to $5. A carrier is much years old, he leaped overboard and
1U more satisfuHoiy Ilian a push cart | saved a sailor from drowning In Chi-
Fur this act he wears
After this the ground
wlueit-barrow. Keep plenty of n»*«e waters
bis right breast the Royal Humane
atiww un floor and there is no dan- on g -r of cows getting sore knees. When | Society's medal laying fluors for horse alalia, the corn, ul should be about ;_______
same rnuu*rial this summer, and for
the sea>hi>re
If (be emprv.ss dowager has an ear
young girls, noth-
in
four inches I for English names—her memory, as we
know is long—the news that a “foreign devil” called Seymour is marching on her capital must disquiet her. Seymour, ehe must remember, was how they called the Englishman whe blocaded Canton, blew up junks and occupied that city. Seymour was a Is# the first to take the Taka forts, and
thick
PROVIDING LATE FALL PASTURE
Corn un do unitedly takes the first pUty.i on account of the large amount of fodder it will yield. Plant late so it will be tender and ,juicy when fed. We piefer to plant it in drills about 3 ft. apart, dropping one corn every 2 or 3 in. in tjie row, as it' will not grow so coarse as if planted in hills. However, us the frost will sometimes injure the corn quite qar^y in the fall, it is advisable to provide lor some other kind of green fodder also that can be pastured until quite late. The fallowing method is one of the best when the necessary fence can be provided:
I mind lately before the corn is given the last cultivation, sow by hand in tho corn field 2 1-2 bushels per arre of barley, oats and winter iye, mixing together two parts each of barley and oats to one of rye. If only barley and oats are sown, use at least 3 bushels per acre. Cultivate both ways if possible. The sowing should bf( delayed as late as possible, so that it will not make too rank a grotwtb until after the corn m cut which should be done as soon as it L* rip**. When dry it should be hauled from the field and put up into oblong stacks, with some coarse hay on top to keep off the rain until it can lie husked.
Seymour’s acta were the prelude to the capture of Pekin three years lat-This was in 1837 and 1858. And the Seymour of those days was Sir Michael, the uncle of Sir Edward.
For the Seymours are a famous family of sailors. The grandfather, al*o a Sir Michael, won a baruntecy the seas in the great naval fights at the end of last century and the beginning of this, and he lout an arm the glorious first of Juno." I bat baronetcy id now borne by Sir Michael Uulme-tieymour, in command at
The blouse is made with a
eff
The bottom of the sleeve is
on
was inane
trimmed
with three stitched bands, which up either side of lhe front gore, and around the bottom of the skirt about six Inches from the bottom; the bands Instead of being turned at the ner, are run straight, and the others going around the bottom, interlaced and finished in a point. The bands are
on
ran
Portsmouth.
The two firdt cousins, Sir Michael Culme-tieymour, and Sir Edward Seymour, after gaining war experience in the Black Sea and the Crimean and Turkish medals, sailed together in H. M. S. Calcutta to China to fight under their uncle was then a middy, 17 years old, and he steamed up the Fatshaw Greek in command of the launch of the Cal-
etantly to prevent burning
•mall bottles while boiling hot. Soak ' or three hours nod serve with a sauce	.	....	..
made thus; One cup of brown sugar, loch ordinary dram tile in lines two
cor*
===== =#=a
with orange or lemon.	'	ter this put on u layer of turfy sod
grassy side downward of thus good garden loam to the depth of about fifteen inches, using pirtly the soil that has been removed from the top before draining or spade into this the before mentioned quantity and quality of manure and your border is ready for planting.
“In an extensive rose garden, where beds or borders are permanently to be established, the plants should be set from eighteen to twenty inches apart each way, or, in a border or bed five or six feet wide, only three roses should be planted
is limited, closer planting, say twelve
to fifteen inches each way, trill ans-,
briar-stitched their entire width with white cotton, and iu the
squares
and set away in a cool place. Lay the bottles down om their sides. This j W a nice relish with cold beef, veal or ham.
Plums for Winter Use.—Select per-f, y sound plums, rejecting those Mr. Dailey, won’t you let me look
Wash, put into 'at your watch a little while?
Certainly, Miss Fiypp. Do yoa
Edward Seymour
formed by the interlaced bands
art
Put on top
spider webs, also made of white cotton. The bodice is trimmed in the same way with stitched bands interlaced, the bands being a little rower than those on the skirt, hey are interlaced at the top t> nd bottom of the waist, where the spider web.s are made like those on the skirt. In the back the .bands nn straight across, but not up and down blouse fastens down th* front, with a stitched band and sn. U1 pearl buttons. Collar and cuffs made of very narrow bands, crustM to form
squares, and filled iu with spider amount of paste webs. Belt to match, oa made like the has the addition**» advantage of keep
* ing the corn field free from weeds,
FEMININE CURIOSITY
Sir
cutta behind Commander, now Kenry Keppel. The Launch was sunk, but the middy's reputation arose. This 1857 ; in 1858 he went north
nar
Then fork
overripe or bruised a stone jar, cover with boiling water
Spread two or three thicknesses of waul to consult the time? cloth over the top and place a plate No replied the girl as she opened and weight on top of the whole. These it and examined its case and works, plums are delicious for pies and sauce I was curious ta see if water tarnish-kl the winter. A scum will rise on top, but let it remain.
was in
and helped to blow up the Taku forts. Two years later he was employed on
out. Kd wi™ ready to turn, the I the «me work ; .ub*.quently he corn-stock upon ae aoou a, the corn can mnnded a landihg part, when 8,ng-be r*moved. It will supply abundant F00 was relieved and a ing e fall pasture until the ground Irene. Sir Edward Seymour a fighting day. up in the fall. Be.sidee the large did not conclude in China, m 1870 he
will supply, It wae pursuing pirates up the Cong*
river, where be reduced a British vue» s#l and received a severe wound.*
Th<* barley, etc., will make a vigorous growth as soon us the corn is

The
ed gold, or had any effect on the watch's delicate mechanism.
J
Water! What do you mean! Well, Mr. Hunker, told me you were m the habit of soaking your watch. What Is the object of auch treatment,

CANNING TOMATOES.
Select smooth, meaty tomatoes, not over-ripe ef they will be too juicy. Mr. Dolley t
But where space
collar and cuffs.





###PAGE###7###




16



to de«rtBmo' whito'tbo» pBople’""!	CHINESE ARMY	OF Tfl'DAY	w“ fn,,ugur*t'''1 '>7	Mu.ielaq, occomjunjr It ..cd the
in the bourne," «til Lady La mb mar,	**	Uilg	*	uugl UIld M c,'1nP°*f,d < f	match-makers follow, bringing more
with un imperative air, almost as a	IMPERIAL ARMY OF	1,000 000 MEN	n'	"V	" f < m / h ’ ‘ 1 lghlu,«	present#. Arrived at tbsdwneof the
mother talking to a daughter. “1	IN FOUR DIVISIONS	'¦'***, un account of then superior biide, tlp-re fce uouilly at this J*nature
hall expect you to take nearly all	—	I'»>*iqu*. A curious point in oonneo- a long pause in the piweeding#. The
the trouble of receiving them off my	Bur# »r»nin,ripil i« an.i thf Yut % 1 1 ,IJ 1/1 1 ^ 11	fire ^i,s im^y bride is in tears, and makes a great
without respite, and thon she was told I mande; you must he almost as the mis- rt" Arm* *0,,ir,<‘7 <«ll‘d fklna Hi lin vl ! fl,>j,luHS who uro fo(j 00 ***.ef ; show of reluctance ati the th mybt of that she might go,	tress of the house/'	Ô**""? Prrl,#H *,,d **"' Hkr *"*" , * °,hMr” ,lVH 0,1 rice and vegetable hiving her home and her j>a rends
1111*111=................................................................................................................................................
. Ud,. She ha,	blo,„|‘	0De d°0r' Uarber th'n th" ,,riKlnUl'"	helped him not « whit.' An,! vet'tnZ
vein,. I’ll go bail. And «he gut her " y„„	... The only hook* she really enjoyed hung over (he Weetorn World like a
early training from the late Lord , , i	, sbe Wl11 do’” sald were French novels and the newest dark menacing cloud far the taut 30
Lanbmar, who was one of the most	T' b"a a "1'npathe- whool of English poetry. Her in- or to year,.-that cloud to which bus
Intellectual men 1 ever hud the honor	““d read? wel1’ 'lhul U l>nt' tellwtual fibre had a certain limp- been given the euggetive name of the
to know. You can't undo that, Lady 1 “d ' ay*; tilu ber 1 1 sha11 not n««a which required to be shocked and| " Yellow Peril."
Lashmar. You may order the girl to l	atarllwl Into attention. Sba went to wrvar of men and thing,
handle a broom and twirl a mop and , "T lbe eTv-“ng Stelle wne «Iwp over Tennyson or Browning anj| Woleeley ha, written in the most ser-
£	Z\ r	E=îSt5c!£*ïï: EEtEES CH,NE“ «Nüto ^
duys," retorted the invalid impatient- tints in her gray olush t a a wn r ber b ld forgotten that day in t he of conquest and had an army of pro-ly. '• 1 suppose we must cell this “You can uo on with RniansHan '• llhrary	Stella had shrunk from perly equipped and trained soldiers,
paragon of yours a lady help. I want she said.	Clarice’s pitying touch as if it had DKSIMtiB ARMS AS A PROFESSION.
some one to read to me. but unfortun-	Not a word more She read till	|h° 8ting °£ an tt(,,,er* She H Fortunately the Chinese hold their	Wu Ting Fang. Chinese minister t
ateiy 1 dislike that girl of y mira."	veu without anv siirn of fatit/i.A At	tb° gl,ls ellP°rior cultivation military caste and military life gener- the United States, contributes
" Prejudice, Lady Laahmar, idle eleven Lady Lashmar dismissed her ?	^ ^ anoer,,1K1y as a blue- ally in the greatest, contempt. Indeed, t e re* t i ngggjjgg ¦¦
prejudice," replied Mr. Stokes, whoal- with briefest good-night	«looking.	when we contrast the forces of China oiwtoms of his people
ways said what he liked to her lady- Stella had filled thin ,»ffinn tnr n««r.	^ .CaD ^ld (’rftek and LaUn* How Wlth th,î colo^sil armies of Europe it Many of the rich Chinese, he soys, candles. Humbly they make saluta-
»hip. " Let her .make a beginning, and |y two years and had been of the ut- ^ t ^„ U “ 01117 a 8ruatter* wil1 al	be evident that there is are philanthropic and earnestly de- Umd to the bridegroom’s pi rents and
Lf you find her disagreeable you can m,et flrtrvi(>e t r A T,a*hm»r v„t	°»,U, ,,	,	on luflt of oonqueât in the minds of «ire to relieve the suffering they see receive their blessing, it is as if the
send her about her business."	the stern dowager had hut in th. L °W M>* V*Jn*T tellfl mo that flhe the Chinese, and that if unmolested about them. They give freely of father said to his boy : "I have brought
"Of course." answered Lady Lash- smallest measure relontsd nt her iri	A’	th<’7 wt>uld ha7e Probably have gone their wealth, but thu poor are legion you up oanefully
•• Perhaps she may be rather I g.nal VvZon	fr^	hl	l	*	Lashmar*	P°or	fool^h	for centuries without	thought for	** China, and	the task Is not ao easy a wife
more endurable than a stranger. I protege Huber had mnA*dn,	^ cnnamed her with learning conquest. Yet Chiu-so troops are now c.rie. Private charity, however, which good and be happy/
ubb.,r •trangcra."	fo .ÛÎLT tW » T f	** ™ t0 r8a'L	on R,«Un «oil, and th«	I
Laahmar', reader and am.nuensi. un- blTk ,i|k f	T°" T, * ****"	*>er to may re-ult in a world conflict, in h"u*w of the country. In China, the
til further notice, and from that hour rate ,m,. ,r , h .	™ *' V ! Un> J [he Girton of Nuneham. She would which the haughty Caucasian will be hand of pity often goes into the pock- queritIF doe* not occur until two of
•be was a slave.	which^ C,Z in °	^ ** T™ ^ ^ Pll0e there tban io obliged to forget minor differences et of plenty to relieve oases of suf- 1 bree weeks alter death, but the body
terial which cewnhin^* Jr®re* a ma ^ 8 oufle*	and combine in an effort to repulse fering. He fortunately never hears 11*1,1 tlili iri «tale in its ban 1-
softness of silk	th	th	*	^	dn<	hb<*	V*TJ	a,e£u	to	me*	T oouI(J	his Mongolian brother,	whose fight-	and shudders	at the leper's cry of w>m* °l>ffLrL ^Ich Chinese are very
xtneas of silk with the merit of nev- not possibly spare her/'	I mg abilities he has so long despised. “Unci,an! unclean I"	Particular ibottt the good quality ol
¦i China, nominally, possesses an ar- (Social nutter ta initie nts in China wood far t Wr coffins, after having You	hive	only to]	my of al>oiit 1,000,000 men Of this	never revolve around dancing or at b- 1 ’	,nule years before there Ls a.ny
vast number not more	than 500,000	b*tic contests,	as they so frequently f1, "b<b:li[y of theii being n^led. Id
Our ideas aljout I ^ we^1 known that some distinguished
hitfh offh,ills ire ini the habit of
UNREQUITED LOVE.
tW
M
^^64» i
b\ MISS M. K. Hit AD DON
( TT AP I PR X.—Continued. "I know somethitng of the lady,” said Mr. Stokes.
young
r>'te
bef< she will consent to let bet m«M* adorn her in the bridal robes and headdres# sent her by tfcu bride, ' </ ABB's J> r in
donned * be red dress with ith glittering orun mente,
THE LONti RED VEIL the «11 borate beaddrnsi with Hti iiga of pearl* hinging over b** fuo«‘. With hex hiir no longer dressed In ebildhood'a fishion, but arrang'd in the odffuro peculiar to a married
Slowly h1/ finery is
R*ltzen*tein, for the purptm of drilling the " Cblen-Chung '
European model. The dispatches from 'iuku and Tien-Tein, which speak of the suj-pri/iingly efficient handling of the Chinese artillery, make it manifest that the Chinese have profited by what they have been taught.
its
after the
woman, she bids her family a tearful fa re well
*
U la >1
he gel.* into ber
it m l 1 < bornei away from hor Id no me
Her brothers follow her in sedan chairs to the house of the bride-
So comjmtent an ob-
MAfiEIAGE MADE EAST,
as Lord
I he bridegroom, in gorgeous
groom
•ew, come# out to meet her
He
bows, he opens the door of her chain One of h»r mai da come» up and oirriea her on her bn ok Into the house. There
e s
High OfllrluU Carry Their ««.film flhrn I bridegroom lifta her veil and sees Travelling — Murti Henry s*,ral i«> bu the first time the face of his brido,
No prieat conducts the hick unites them
erlrri a l.iicLy
oeremviy Together they kneel before the altar of their Ua-
an m
article upon
the social known ticxl nn<l before the shrine of
hi‘ir ancestors, and burn incense and
have found
yvii
mar
Now you are a man
Be
I
There is no ex-
spir-| ifl always more or less oaprioioius, | chmge of words «>n the part of the
young people bold.
'i he funeral of a dead Chinese fre-
They would not he no
CHAPTER XI.
A# the years rolled on, Stella
was
almost happy. The afternoon hours of or wearing out. But Lady Laahmar re- "Oh, but companions cun be got by every day were spent with Gabriel 1>lied un*nly that the girl was to wear the hundreds
Vomer. He was old and feeble, and 8U(dl £l,w,LS as the housemaids wore choose from a column of advertise-•ometimea prosy, but he was a mine aild no yl bar.	monts. There is afresh column every
of information; he loved learning for	is quite vain' enough as it is,” morning in the Times. 1 have often
"“““L"lmir-Mt 5L*5ri* szzczz r«rt-r---r“
zPJkzzf£FtTi	:~« - » - ™'-Zr;..Irxi	.
wtU, Gabriel VernJr	at ‘ “ ‘T	treatUM°l °* 1 «irl wbo 331 g0°d	816,11 baS 1 ^mPathe-| before a battle, baa always been, ac-1 I»rente of the bridal pair. The, h, ve ' ^rymg-gmund or for building a
and th,ma mmfi	. .	. . ' up td tvvo or three o’clock in the 1 lc ?01ce« and reads well. I could not cording to Chinese military canons M-he interest and welfare of their chil- b°use. Rich people spend a great
badinai hi* e	e|*8 w lC nmniiiig t hree times a week on an bo without her.”	I one 0f t^e most potent factors jn dren at heart and act with the judg- d<‘J,ul t: me and money in going about
ïsttî ïïs.-	=r ™	zr,z,.-:z :: c,l" ~u- c sk %
now and	"36"6 I 816,1,1 made no complaint against the wnsiUve about my surroundings. [ faot- chinetie notiolls with re9pect to	THE ENGAGEMENT	«arch. When a lucky place is found,
.... e or a brief vis.t to her inevitable blaok merino gown. she el*>uld not like your Stella in my room eoldierin g belong to the reirion of I k dually made when the young peupla the Geomancer may eay; "H you bury . iun. just time	enough to see to	was glad when, for the convenience	a,ter midnight.	Those great black	Gilbartian comi" op. ra To apeak bv	atR m their ear|y teens-ln many cases	y ur father here you will be rich your-
com orte, and to	talk to hut land-	j of Lady Laahmar. she was transferred	«T1” a°<l that pile	face would frighten	tle caT(J each of (hH ,g y,	J.	when they are much younger.	Mat-	S6|( bvtur'' X““ dio-" It k commonly
y, w was kindly, but stupid, and to a pretty little bed-ohamber on the	I should have an idea that I was' th .. Midd, |rin«,Hr.m •’ h	rimonial alliances between friendly be,’R’re<1 that any good luck in the
whom Stella had been gradually train- principal floor, close to Barber's den, going to be murdered."	ate torC0) under thrt command of ' families are the moet common.	Iife of « Person comes as a rewan*
g into proper carefulness of her where she now took all her meals and Lady Lash mar smiled as at the non- y,c j v m d	f f	' In some sections of the country, the far burying bis pi rent* or grand par-
,^*r'	which she was allowed to use as her	talk uf a beautiful child. She t, o ^	^ ° °Ur " 8 ° I assistance of a professional match-	' be right sp>t
¦ You do spoil the old gentleman so, | own sitting-room.	was very fond of Clarice, whose love- ‘	^	_	maker is called in when marriage is b i ppena that the p i rents die before
1 soul. I And now it was the end of Septem- Hneew gladdened her eye, and whose MAKE-UP OF CHINESE ARMIES. | desired for a child of the house, es- i 1^’ky spit is found, and in that Old people require	a little spoiling,	her and Lord Lash mar and a little	intellectual inferiority was a per-	The imperial armies are made	up of I	peoially if no suitable alliance	with a	°'^a little lwuse is hastily oon*ti u t-
uld spoil j	lot of distinguished visitors were ei-	P®tual compliment	to her understand-	ft>ur uisiinct classes of troops,	each	friend's child is possible. The	role of	ed 1,n<1 the bid y given a temporary
pected at the castle, some intent on	*,n'g* ^he was hoping great things	,iS different originally from the	oth-1 marriage broker is played	by	women	r**^	place there
the slaughter of the pheasants, others	trona the ooming October, which would	erti as night from day, but	now	of the middle class.	®ri,nt*	u	known in China than th it
only desiring rest and respite after	brin* Victorian and Clarice together,	brought down to an average effici-	The wedding festivities usually last	uf desecrating a graveyard. Becaa-e
the fatigues of a London season.	day after day in the easy-going inter-	*nny by the assiduous efforts of the	three days. On the day previous to	gl lVes are foUQ,d everywhere in china,
Among these latter was Mr. Nes- course of a country house.	j Russian and German officials who the marriage, the girl’s parents send lbp List railroad built there had to
tarions, the great pirty leader, ori-	Lord Laehmar arrived, fresh from a	have been drilling the Celestials	to	her dowry to the home of	the	bride-	billow	a	very circuitous	route in order
ginator and chief of that political sect	Y "chiing excursion in the HebrideaJ	f‘gbt their brother Caucasians.	The	groom, lfshewrich.it will	consist	to UVt>lti	tb-m. It is	better whim
which was known as the Movement bronzed and bearded, broad-shoulder-	(be classes are the " Banner of a great variety of costly articles b,‘	Are P1,or f,)r railroads to
Nestorius had bean a port-	e<1* muscular, the manliest of young	Men,” the descendants of the Man-	including household furniture, cloth-	P*f them to move their graves. If i he
ege of Lady PitJand when his bril-	m4‘n« with a fresh upon air look about	churians who conquered China more I ing and precious jewelry. Early on	P®0!*!*1 rir-h, and money is no con-
liant career was in, its dawn, and the	bim, yet intellectual withal. It was	thin two centuries ago. and who	the day of the wedding the parents	sidération, it Is wiser to change the
friendship with that wonderful old a ^!1€	as eVdI1 Stella was fain Priced the present dynasty on the of the bridegroom send a bridal chair route 1 railroad than to reuse the
lady and her family	had never been	*° (k>nfeaa t° herself as she withdrew	throne. 1 he Chinese proper do not I to bring the bride to their home. It	w*rath of the peuple,
interrupted, albeit	their political	from the morning-room after his lord-	regard the Manchtie with favor, and j is usually u very gorgeous *»<! in chair
opinions were as the	poles asunder,	chip’s arrival, leaving mother and son	call them, no less than Europeans, ' which has beon rented for the day.
Lady Lishinur talked	of him before-	together. He gave liera distant bow	" Yang-Kwei-Tze/' or "Foreign Dev-
hand more than of any other of her aa *be passed him, a salutation which	The Japanese War revealed the
she acknowledged with an almost im-| “ Banner Men," as inefficient and
can be called soldiers in the ordinary bo in this country meaning of the term, while the rest impropriety of the two sexes mingling
l
CARRYING lHEIR COFFINS
socially would effectually prevent dancing from becoming a form of en-1 a,,,u,ld vv ’ b	in i heir travels.
ter ta in meat.	Athletic sports have! 1 h“ ohoiCB of 1 burying grou.id is
not found favor in our eyes, but gum*« considered i miner of g real importance in China
-
!
Off.
Stella had read nuire than
A cl*8* of people who
of chance h i ve a strong hoi I on t he popular heart.
b i ve groat influence
there are the ' Geomincers,’' whose function iti is to
except
it sometimes
?iisa,” remonstrated the g
on
Mrs. Chigjp. But nobody Mr. Verner. He is so good and •elfish."

No greater
un-
Well, muss, nobody can deny that he i* a nice easy gentleman to get on with and if 1 wasn’t afraid of his set-
• «
ting the bourne on fire, I should say he was the best lodger I ever had, muoh better than the young curates ns most people set such store by ; and Party a permanence, too, which the best of
curate* never was."
You must be more attentive to him than ever, Mrs. Chlpp, now that I am so seldom here." urged Stella.
It was with a rebellious heart that Stella entered Lady Lashraar’s ing-room on the first day of her service. Mr. Stokes had hinted to her that the disease from which Lady Lash mar suffered must sooner or later be fatal, that all the rest of her life must be spent under the shadow of affliction.
Guilt hi* very quick ears to an accusation.—Fielding.
morn-
new
To Live Without Sleep
Is Worse Than Death.
guests, and arranged that the
handsomest of the best rooms should I Perceptible bend of the long, slim! cowardly, but they have borne them-
throat, while the look in those dark selves manfully in the campaign,
very
be given to him
"There are cases in which rmk;| eyes of hera expressed absolute dis-1 about Taku. There are, perhaps, 100,-
She hid not forgotten his part- 000 of them in all, of which half are
like
counts for nothing,” she said. “Mr.,
Nest onus must always be first every- I lnS speech in the library seven years! stationed in and about Peking where. He is not only great as
statesman; he has won laurels as a1 flung open the door and told her to! "Green Flags.” Those troops maybe poet, and the interpreter of classic "uiarch." He looked after her won- regarded as the Chim-se Territorial p>et ry; and our respect is all the more be ring I y till the portiere fell behind | Arrdy and are a survival of the ardue to him since he has retired from ber and be and his mother were my which was conquered by the Man-
“ She is very much to be pitied, poor soul,” said the kindly Stokes ; “ all the more so, perhaps, because she is not the kind of woman to invite pity."
Yet even after thin appeal, Stella
f<*lt nothing but aversion as she stood office forever—always a melancholy I wh>ne tall and straight as a lily stalk, at | fact to consider when a career has I the foot of her ladyship’s sofa.
“ i require a person to read to
,be| Sleeplessness Is an Unmistakable Symptom of Weak Exhausted Narvas, a d Is Permanently Cured When the System is Built up by
ago, or lhe air with which he hid
The second class are called
a
1
DR. CHASE’S NERVE FOOD.
chu " Banner Men.” It is bi-lieved that the “Green Flags” can muster rather more than 500,000 under their standards. They have been well dis-
To Be Continued
been so great, although, so mistaken.” me	"la'there no possibility of Mr. Nes-
tor some hours daily, sometimes even torius returning to public life, when-4 ,ate at night/ and I am told that you ever the Liberals come into [ b*vo contrived to educate yourself again f” asked Stella, simply, with Mr. Verner’s help and that
To pass a single night in th« vain
Therru w ill be no more sleepless
...	.	...	, attempt to sleep among the miseries nights, no mere nervous headaefee ind
ciplined by fouwgn officers and taught	which one can never forget.	dyspepsia, uo more days of gloom and
That	rooster	otf	yours,	complained I	to use their Mausers, Krupps	and	To Lie awake night after night with	despondency when Dr. Chase's Nerve
the irascible neighbor, woke me a| Oreusot# with uracy. A division of I brain on fire with nervous excite-1 Food is used, look I dozen times last night. 1 don't think! these troops fought in the th	s' ?f'nr .aBf /he thoughts flashing be- it, don’t expect a cure in anight.
|p~p- »*. ™.«...,,,,1 b.,,,....... Ti«.r,ü.. ,„d.	zz
finally ousted, gave an excellent	ac-	whose nerves are weak and exhaust-	' Though you will feel the benefit jf
We don't	keep	chickens, retorted the|	count of themselves.	I	this treatment in two or three weeks
- I	Mitring euch eights nerve force is	yvu sh(>uld persist in the u.v of the
nerve food for at least sixty days ia order that the results may oe last-
MALIGMNG A ROOSTER
wer
•a
Lady Lash mar gave her a know how to read aloud. Is this so f” | which ought to have frozen her “ 1 have reed aloud to Mr. Verner,”
The girl answered quietly.
“ Often r
you
'The Liberals have see« the last of ought to keep chickens
their misrule,” she said
“The country has been taught a lesson which it |m in t>n (be other side of the back-1 ORGANIZED BY “ CHINESE” GOR
yard fence, equally angry. It was the
consumed at a tremendous rate.
Instead of being restored and rcin-
ThLrd come the “ Ever-Victorious | vigorated for another day's work the
body is further weakened .and ex*	1	,	! .
halted, and the mind ia unbalanced hleeple-saness ,« only one of.he man,
by thin terrible waste of energy with | d-trej-.n* symptoms which will d,e-I don’t suppose these automobileslgood f'gbling material in the Chinese	which the lamp of life ie rapidly bum-	^^FowL It ie^p^sitive cure^for
bother you much, said the eit, man	when they were properly disciplined	*d out.	,	. .	nt.rvoue prostration and exhaustion.
Waal, no, drawled the lounger ai and led, which is now represented by that many men and^omen attomp! to 8u''9lT U T v',"er build “P and
and require change of mental food, hand," said Lad, Laabmar, haughtily. I	e'eTe/ p/chVoli J " Fighting Braves ' has been liven ^f /pUt^.^'l'We ^ “Tact/on^*"* j	/eAoa'diTSise^itf
.ZLZ-Z	».bi£ ^r1'•* - z. °z,t. jt- szuï <»““sis*«ti-1	«**"—
r-;is = rssa »	Ji.:r,vusrs ECEEiEE'-z aKSSs
g* 1 t<> think	ful	widow,	Lady	(	urninow,	eat	on j the biggest apple producer in Ontario,!	“ Chien-i'hung ” is put by some au-	Hi g Hr. (hases Nerve Food, a	treat-	ills, because they almost invariable
Stella seated herself in a low chair each elds	of	the hearth,	brightened	having over 336,000 apple trees of	thorities as low as 100,000, but, in view	ment which gets right down	to the '	arise from exhausted nerves. In piS
to^rssd %,70m T BOt\aa<I 'Z*™ r tbL!,l0L0f ° Ta T' """	66 " and	The	«*	development., the higher	£r m a nent ‘result/ ly^/wtsllf: I	^ " b°** ” *U	'
to read. Rbs read foe three hoe re J discussed the expected visxtora.	I hi* best is Huron with W9.(W0. * Ijigure is likely lobe the mure accur- ing the wasted nerve cells.	J
* 'Habitually.*'
There was no waste of words on either side.
is not likely tofforget."
"Yet history shows that people a I-1 baby ways do forget," argued Stella. "Opin-“ Then you can begin at once. There I ion follows opinion, as wave follows sre my books,*' pointing to a revolv- wave; the world would stagnate if It Log bookstaed within reach of the sofa | were otherwise."
a stand which held about forty volumes
DON
I
mg
Army," organized by General Gordon, who showed that there was plenty of
NOT WORRIED
'Pray do not argue. I do not care *' Invalids are very capricious I for Mr. Varner's ideas at second

mail from E dm ana tie, Bates. A Os* Tor out*
4
L
' 'V-
f* i

I

1 1

V
###PAGE###8###
1 »¦
















V
r
It Takes all Kinds
01 SUITS
ARE KNOWN BY THEIR FIT AND FINISH
of people to make a world, so it must necessarily
take all kinds of
Boots and Shoes
to suit those people, and prices must he right.
“ There’s Nothing Too Good for the Irish.”............
Our aim is to furnish customers with the best of everything in Tweeds ancl Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices are always satisfactory.
Khaki,” (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
f
SILVERWARE

The Public
$
may roly on getting our goods at the
Lowest Market Price I
as wo always Tony for cash, thereby securing !
the discount.	f
»
In buying Silverware it always pays to get the very best.
tt
j

ALF. R. tycCUIRE,
9
i
WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED A NICE LOT OF
Silverplated
PONTIAC Knives, Forks, Spoons
GENUINE NEVADA D and A,
The real thing for wedding and birthday presents-
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAW VILLE,---------QUE.
I
l

A 1
\
HON XHl> CAPTURKl).
Sir Alfred Milner reports flirt Captain H'lw.ud, thought to he Catling Cun Upward, has been captured by the B m.
VAT.

THE WAR.
i
9
t

»o
WOOLLEN
New V >rk, Aug. 1..- The South African war is discussed by Mr. Isaac N Ford, in his cable letter in this morning's 1 Tribune, as follows :	“In spite of the
escape of De Wet, and Delarey a clever capture < f Australians and Rhodesians A M. near Elands river, the Boer armies seem Arrive h 45 to be gradually reaching the end of their
1-M tether. It ie thought now that De Wet
having eluded Methuen and Kitchener, will slip across the British lines either north or west of Pretoria and join (ion. Botha, but as Buller is steadily pushing back the latter from the south, and as rvj Lord R iberts has cleared the free state, :l he will have a large part of his force available to operate from the southwest. The process of rounding up both columns between Lydenburg and the Portuguese Leave 6.30 frontier ought to b# accomplished. L *rd
Roberts’ greatest difficulties are a twofold disease working sad havoc among his soldiers, who are suffering worse than ever from enteric fever ami dysentery. Still more formidable are the plots of disaffection and gueril a warfare, which confront him everywhere, even in districts under British occupation. The news of the Pretoria conspiracy has provoked a tremendous outburst of wrath in j London Society.
Grave Error.
U
A
KV>8IAN ARTILLERY F1KKD ON V. 8. TRnOtX
0
Official Time Table :
New Yuk. Aug 13.—The Evening World today has a despatch dated Che Foo, Aug. U, signed by Frederick Paluur, telling <d a terrible mistake at the taking of Yang Tsung. The despatch says :
“ Russian artillery opened tiro on the American troops. Before the mistake was discovered many American soldiers had been killed or wounded by the Russian shells. Part of tiio casualties to the Fourteenth infantry was the result of the Russian tire.
SOMETHING NEW:
MILLS.
5.45 Leave
Aylmer
tiîrvrkcnrltlge t'Kant ley
Parker’s Crossing
t* Mohrs Quyou Wyman’s ?Tank Bristol McKee’s SUawvlUe Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ?Tank V Vinton Coulouge ’Mellon's Waltham
•Flag Station. tTauk. t'Flag Station.
fi M
4 •
41
6.12
4 4
W.U6
8.5$ 8.5o
“	- s. 40
8 22 8.14 8.(1$ S. 02
A neat Box containing a half dozen Knives and a half dozen Forks, the Knives with celluloid handles. Only $2.25 per set.
4 A
6.18
• i
o

• 4
I 4
This well-known ami reliable
establishment will be found
this season fully prepared
as usual to meet the
(parements of the farmers
of the county.
*
44
6.87
6.47
4 4
4 A
44
4.56
II
*58
44
4 4
44
7.04
4 i
7.26
«4
%A
64
7.45
• 4
* «i
*.00
7. IS 7.16
7.06
• 4
I 4
Handsorçe Tea Spoons at 75 cents per dozen.
re-
8.03
• 4
14
8.12
44
4 4
As the Chinese tied the regiment entered and occupied one of the Chinese positions. A Russian ha Very some distance off did not noticj the movement. It opened tire on the position and planted shells among the American troops. The Russians were quit k y notified and ceas ed their tire.
Americans captured the Chinese works. Their casualties are estimated at 7<l altogether. Most of these are in the Fourteenth infantry.
“ The long march and the heat played havoc with the troops, continues the c i-respundent. “ Forty per cent, of the Boer Treachery. Strathcona's | Ninth regiment were completely exhausted as the result of the march and the lighting that followed. The allied force is resting at Yang Tsung for two or three
8.30
44
0.51
44
1.47
6.39
4 4
14
1.55 Arrive
1
Our stock of Cloth
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
E. HODCINS & SON.
Including all the finest makes in
P. XV. IŒSSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
SERGES, TWEEDS WORSTEDS, &c. &c.
4 4

OTTAWA&GATINEAURY
I
Fall and winter Tsine Table
Taking effect Oct, 16, 1899

)
will be found choice and complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A C A REFIT, INSPECTION INVITED.
Bravery.
It’s a Decided Fact
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nos. 1 and 2, daily except Sunday.
For tickets and further information apply to E. ('. Arno di. Ticket Agent, Spark St., or 31 Central Cham tiers. Ottawa.
P. W. RESSEM AN.
Gen’l Sup't.
5.20	p.m.
9.20	a m.
%
their defeats and no rest or chance to recover from their demoralization is to be given them by the allied troop».”
• ••• •» •••

That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
A. HODCINS
PROROPRIETOR

ticera commanding at XVaterval, of their willingness to surrender. Fifteen of the Strathcona Horse went to accept the submission of the t fticer in charge. When the Strathcona’i approached the rendezvous in extended order the Boers opened 1 Washington, Aug. 13.—The attitude hre. A sergeant, who had raised a troop assumed by the diplomatic representatives in Canada, rallied his men. Doing so he of European governments m Washington rode among the Boers, who demanded his ! is sufficient evidence that the powers will surrender.
9
)
:o:
:
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
Are drawing the trade our way. All leading bakers of Pen-
t iae arc using our Flour. The farmers get same quality in exchange.
For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
Richest Market Price raid in Cash for Wheat.
To PEKIN 1.8 THE CK Y*
Spring
Season
Never, ' cried the sergeant,	press vigorously the demand* which they
____	who,	while	turning ms horse, was shot	have made upon the Chinese govern-
111 Effect JULY 2, 1900. |^ea^*	The	Canadians lost two killed and j ment. To Pekin the allied armies will
9	three	wounded.	go, it is declared, frankly, unless every
A despatch from Lord Robert, on the deml,ld '' »cce,dedand «11 poMible re-9th in.t., among other thing!, state. Ration .. made by China for the out-
"Hunter report, that hem.de 1,440 ,raK,ee	committed Negot.at.on.
looking to any other settlement of the
l" ! disturbance in China will not be consider-
n ed teriously.
TIME CARD,
4 4

EASTERN DIVISION. Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
prisoners in the Bethlehem tiarrisnnth district, a majority of whom are now 1
LIMITED TRAINS 2 HOURS. :<> MINUTES, route for Cape Town. Three guns and Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot	horses were captured, and ten wag
a 6,10 A. M. - Local—Stops at all iutertn‘«liste ata» on loads of ammunition and 135,(MMI rounds tions. Arrives Montreal !».’¦" a. in. Rockland of ammunition were destroyed.
Th.	Ei.nu-. ,h:«h
iiQ.CC A.M. Limited, arrives Montreal 11 SO a.m..	, ar been captured, consisted of .	,	,	.	,
making close eounevtions with I. C. Ry. Maritime about 300 Bushmen and Rhodesians. 1 onic fraternity. Uis brethren through
mmmts sees: hseiese
Parlor Car attached.	I Hamilton's approach to Rustenburg, hur- ! ,n hl* ofr:ciftl Wfty* 8 n'1 thank y°°
aQ.20 P. M.. Limited—Stops Glen Rober. s-,n. only. I ried westward and surrounded the var- the sheriff line but the Murphy part of
Z ri.on before Carrington arrived. k him Ih.V. another thing. Hi. brethren s 11 points east of Montreal. For \alleytield an«i “ Methuen telegraphs that he engaged	fhe Square and v unpass have
‘part *[»* 'Vet', force yesterday near I J J*"»
m New York 7.2o a.rn. Has through Buffet Sleep- Benterskrooin. He drove the enemy off their gift and right well did he h.l those ing Car, Ottawa to New Yt.ik.	of a succession of hills, which they held <’^ce8,	^ the last Communication of
*7.CO P. M. Local-Stops at Intermediate station*, obstinately Our casualties were eeren Grand Lodge his fellow craftsmen took
men lulled or wounded, including four I ‘he opportun,ty of • chaining him ' in »
¦¦.Has Pullman Parlor car to Montreal.	| officers.”	______ _______| brotherly fashion. The chain WM no
common steel affair such as sheriffs know I • so well, it was glittering and shining and | hung easily and gracefully on the Sheriffs | person. It is not for manacling but for plan to < aptvre ROBERTS and	and adornment. It a beautiful
chain, worthy of s king, and i, a fitting Roofing Contracts taken comp iment to the other msigna of an	hbb
«7.3S P. M. Local—From Montreal. Valleyfleld and I Pretoria. Aug. 10th_A nlot to aeiva I officer of the Grand Lodge of Manitoba.
^ ..A, ZfM	-Mumtmn Spectator.
Montreal at 4.10,p.m.	| as possible of the British officers here has
IQ.10 P. M. < ;	Fr.rn Montreal an i in- been discovered and ten men	...
c^waib'Kings'/un, i	in ta Vest Ha*	complicity have been arrested. Train goes through a Trestle.	____ 3WV e
Pullman Parlor Car attohed.	Other suspects are being closely watched	____ —
Sen !nteoTuC.uddvhlt they	- St; Joh"‘N A“*‘ J1-*™* P.S.-Top price for Hides
all peints east. Ha« Pullman Parlor Car.	| taken into custody.	mg train from Chipman to Norton, yes-	j% -p^Ho
Everything was prepared in the plot to terday broke through the très*le work on ' a»IlU. x blub, make Lord Roberts a prisoner and shoot ; Sargson's bridge, and plunged 70 feet into the British officers ; and the conspiracy i the gully. Sargson's bridge crossed a (Daily, except Sunday)	| wa® only discovered at the last moment. I deep gui y and is over a hundred yards
Train* leave Ottawa Central Depot :	The conspirators numbered about fif- long with a sharp curve in the centre.,
8.15 A. M. For Ampriw, Renfrew. Eganvllle. Pern-	UeJ}'	,	,	.	,	i The entiretrain consisting of a locomotive
bruke, Barry’* Bay, Wldtney. Canoe Lake, Parry	I hey	had	planned	to	set	tire	to	the ! and tender, baggage and passenger cars,	,	..	.	, „ ,
st d a rn- - »K»"SSi
1.00 P. M. Mixed Train f>r Attiprlor, Renfrew, concentrated there.	The driver, John Duncan, was killed ; dersigned Sec.-TreaHurer, that the Collec*
Eganvllle, llailnwaakaaml intermediate stations. |	» he plan was that the conspirators William Morrison, fireman, was seriously tion Roll of the said Municipality of the
IESS—cE ! EEE&B EEBSESiSI
5.55 T>. M From Parry Sound. Eganvllle, Ren-	pants.	j Robert W. Barker, of this city had his leg	interest and sinking fund	of	the	Railroad
frew, Arnprior aud intermediate joints.	All the Boor	sympathizers	were	ac	i broken ; Mrs lasso Van B. Hethcrington,	Bonus.	Bot h	Collection	rolls are	depos-
2.50 P If- Mixed Train* from Msdawaaka, Egan- quainted with the plot and several had 1 of Codys was only slightly injured : but I	lhe office of the undersigned.
... 	^	^ i & t:
rtTTiWA tTTTTt nmnra	I e8t commando. Horses had been obtain ! seriously hurt ; another sectionman named amount thereof to me, at my office, within
1	0 A ]CkE vmcEi	ed for this purpose,	Bernared, was badly hurt.	| the twenty days following the date here-
Then the British learned the names of Mr. Cowell, a school teacher, from ' of without further notice.
crezzaz j sssrisR S£ sss j
sensation.	; Mr. Cowell had hie ribs broken.	I	Sec, Treasurer.
THE SHAW7ILLE MILLING CO.
I
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS MILK PANS BREAD PANS DISHES of all Kinds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
Furniture I
The Sheriff Chained.
Sheriff Murphy stands high in the Mas-
)
t
Furniture I
9
honor
an inspection of which is invited.
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Lirçe of Furniture is out of sight 1
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
Stoves.
etc
Train* arrive at Ottawa Cmaral Depot :
all.30 A.M. Local-from Boston, New York, Ntw England and New York point*. Montreal leaving at 7.45 a m. Stops at all local «tâtions. Has through Buffet Sleeping Car New York to Ottawa.
1.525 P. M. Limited—From Montreal and point* east, leaving Montreal at 11.00 a.m. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
The balance of our stock of St oves to be cleared out at reduced figures.
Boer Conspiracy Failed.
In Parlor Suites
MRITISH OFFICERS DISCOVERED.
and estimates furnished.
C. E. WAINMAN,
Frame are New
I	Coverings are New
Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
I What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
Sideboard,
Extension Table,
Dining-room Chair,
Kitchen Table,
Kitchen Chair,
Bedstead,
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.	0
%
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
Public Notice.
Bedroom Suite, Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress, Parlor Table, Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
lin-
X
CUTHBEIjTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
Central Depot, Russell House Block.

Tickets to Europe and all part* of the world by all Americas and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's

X
Z2T







k
1




?a,








F •*-







