###PAGE###1###
V
«4
l
n
t
p
x
\
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
Voi. XVI, No. 32.
P. Q., THURSDAY, FED.
2, 1HDU.
I O.. D„1ïï'CK.P,T,,„°a”d,..e.
DR. STACKHOUSE, Sr.
HlîR«EON DENTIST,
“THE EQUITY”
Cufchbereon & Orahani'a ad. on 8th
page.
Have you triuci Dowd s “ High Loaf " Flour Î
Are you using Dowd’s Flour Î
Herrings. Syrup, Rolled oats, Corn meal and Flour.	J. H. Shaw.
A soiree and musical entertainment, under the auspices of the ladies of 8. Georges church, Portage du Ford, is aonauncod for Tuesday evening, February 11th.
1b issued from the office of Publication, Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription, 11.00 por Annum.
P run —A few Ladies' fur coats, collais and muffs at very low prices.
Raroainh.—We are selling all kinds of wn.ter goods at specie 1 cut-prices, and see us.
t
Will hereafter be In Hull first four days of each week. Parties coming from the C unity of Pontlao. 2ft per cent, reduction wl 1 be made to pay their railway fare.
Offlce—opposite the Post Office, HULL .
See then'. J. II. Shaw.
Como
J. H. Shaw.
\.
An American doctor recommends sulphur in the stockings and shoes, preventative against la grippe.
Rîkth.—At Upper Litchfield, on Friday Jan. 27th, to Mr. and Mrs. Arch. Stevenson a eon.
Mr. James Craig, barrister of Renfrew, has been elected warden of Renfrew
county.
QUE.
as a
Advertising rates made known on application.
Correspondence of local l uterestsolicited from all parts of the country.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free ; but obituary lines, or “poetry" will ho charged at the rate of Scents per line money toaeoompany themanuscrlpt In every
case.
sure
Mr. W. J. Gallagher, formerly editor and proprietor of the Pembroke Standard, died at Waikiki, Sandwich Islands, on Jan. 3rd. After leaving Pembroke Mr. Gallagher went to Vancouver, D C., where he published a newspaper. there ho removed to Honolulu, Sandwich Islands, where ho was ptoprietur of the
t i o •.	...	. .Commercial Journal of that place until
Mrs. John Smith, who has been sen. us his death. Mr. Gallagher loaves a widow iilforaome time past,is,we are glad | and four children, to report, showing some evidence of improvement.
BANK OF OTTAWA
P. D. F. & B. Branch E7. Os, 3oo£ a Dominion Charter
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . <1,600,000.00 Rest . *
Mr. C. P. Wright’» store and premises | ; af Aylmer, were destroyed by lire on Sunday last. Loss on stock and building— £18,000, insurance, $6,000.
THEY WANT TO EXTEND TO OTTAWA AND IT IS SAID WILL COMPLETE LINE IF CHARTER IS SECURED
From
. . . $1,170,000.00
Board of Directorn : Charles Maueb, Esg., President. G10ROE Hay, ehq ,Viqp-President.
Hon. Oso. Brvmok. Jr.
Alex. Phaser, Eh<j ,
J. A. COHTAN, Publisher.
Saturday’s Ottawa .Journal says :—Notice appears in the last itsuo ef the Canada Gazette that the Portage du Fort and Bristol Branch Railway C ». will apply to Parliament at its next session for an act to authorize the ex ensiun of the line from Qnyuii to the city of Hull and to any bridges connecting the cities of Hull and Ottawa, and with power to make running arrangements fur the crossing of thpse bridges The comp ny will also a-k f r powet to build a bridge at Des-chenes and to co.isirud a line of railway through Nepean to the city < f Ottawa.
Tma company is one which has existed for some time under a provincial charter, bu which now swks I)>minion incorporation in order to enable it to operate in both Ontario and Quebec. B is the intention of the company to bui d a line of railway from Quyon to Portage du F oit and there to en,**, the Ottawa river into the province of Ontario and expend the line west as far as Pembroke. It is also the intention of the company to build a Particulars of Mr. McTavish’s death, | railway from Quyon to connect with Ottawa a d obtain admittance to the Central The deceased, (who was a 1 depot either by crossing at Denchent-a or
f Horton,) by making terms with the lnterprovincial and I Budge Company.
The personnel of the company, it is
WM. GAMBLE,
John Mather, K*q.. Davio Mac La rkm, K.-tq.,
Ireland, —Its people, scenery, wit and influence, will be the subject of a lecture Mr. A. J. Bra bazoo, D L.S., of Ottawa, I by the llev. Il Warrington, under the al ng with a survey party, passed through auspices of thu Church Woikvia’ Associa-Winnipeg for Yorkton, N. W. T., on F ri* tion, in Hudgins* Hall, Wednesday night, day, January 20th.	| February 8th. Doors open at 7 30, lee-
ture t ommence t 8 p m. Admission, 25 ceu»s; households of not more than 4 persons, 50 uts. The lecture will bo ilI lu.itrated with beautiful magic lantern views. This is an opportunity which no one should miss.
BARRISTER, &c.,
160 Main Street,.........
At Shaw vit le, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over Q. F. tlodglns* Store, Main Ht.
Dk.VNIH llVItPBT, E*q.
GEORGE BURN,
D. M. FINNIC,
A U BN K It A I, 13 A NKINO 11 Util N TRANSACTED.
Gonernl Manager
.. . Manager.
H DLL.
• •
• •
• •
Draft* Isaued on all Bunking jiolnti In the Dominion. United Stan* and Great Britain,
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit ILoelvt St current
rates.
triT The Shawville Marble and (Iran ite VV'orks, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
Court Shawville,
No. 216.
<%ÏOF %
--m
Hums of *1 «ntl upward* received 11 Saving* De* Moats the 4t h Wedneu-j i> irtmeut. Interest credited half yearly.
day of every month.
. t

Office Ilnurs-10 ». m. to 3 p. in. Saturday 10a.m.
w udueii<Jay].lt «a the twentieth an Intelligence was received at Bryson .... nivenary of thu odn.eeralion ef the Bight Sunday of the death at Mu'tawa of Mr. t v. William Dennett Bond as Lord J„hn McTavbh, a a,:„:u law of Mr. J dm ». lop i f Montreal.	McTiernan, of Clarendon. The sad oc-
Lort —Between Knox’s Hall and Shaw- currency was due to an accident on the ville on January 19;b, a fur muff Finder G, P- R , of which company deceased will oblige by leaving at or sending the | « as an empl yee, but particulars aro not “	to hand. He loaves a wife and two snial
children.
i.’ourt dues must be paid t„ j m< pl umpily every mouth.
LB.Ç5
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. s. Barnett. F h
i n r;
}
>ii
J. A. Cowan, It M.
livon 11(imis, O. It.
OF CANADA.
(
Dr. J. E. TASS4BT. L. B S., D.D.S,
une to Mrs. J. F. Dale, Shaw ville.
We regret to learn that several of the members of Mr. Robert Farrell’s family It er Like, have bejii attacked with diphtheria. Dr. Gdbuuy of Bryson is the attending physician.
CAPITAL
- $6,000,000.
2,600,000.
Corner of Bank and I attawa Wellington Streets, ( unawa
itfir ypfcisl attention given to appointments ii.adt by mail.
' I reported by the H.-nfrew Mercury, are as follows :
son of Hugh McTarish, o wan in tu» service of the C. P. R
Misses Maria and Minnie il unilton, nf I lived a* North B y. In seeking to get on Diamond, and Mr. Thomas Hamilton and the top of one of the cars of his train on I said, includes some very wealthy men. son, of High River, Alberta District, Saturday night as it was pulling out of It has been determined, it is stated, to N. W. T., were the guests of Mrs. Thoa. Em Claire, ho missed his hold on thes'ep puth the i ail way to completion as soon as Rollins, of this place during the past rods at the side of the car and fell be- u charter is obtained, week.	I neath the wheels. Both legs and one
arm were run over, and he died in Mat»| The Second Batch Of Bonks Quaran-uwa Hospital after four hours' suffering.
His body wai brought down to Renfrew by some of his comrades on Tuesday and was interred on Wednesday afternoon.
RESERVE FUND
)
Head Office, • Montreal.
I
0
BOURBHAU RAINVILLE, L. L. L
SII.UVVII.Li: Il KAMI II,
I
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notf.t b Might and collect- d.
Money transferred io all parts of the world.
SAVINGS B INK.
® A lUr A	A	q ei f I Accounts opened for amounts of five dol-
Q. jtk« JftAvitbA A ,	,arK an<1 upwards and Interest allowed.
ADVOCATE . . BHYSON,
Will attend all the Courts of the District, especially when required.
4
I
I
4
The Ot-ttawa races are on at Queen's Park, Aylmer, this week, and of course some of our local horsemen are on the ground, or rather on the ice. 8. A.
Mack ay s Lord Volvo is among the horses which will make their debut on this occasion. The number of entries in all classes I has is very large
tined
Halifax, Jan 27. — Misfortunate befell the second lot of Bonks on their way from Russia to Canada. The steamer
Mr James Riley, stone-cutter of Thorne, Superior which gut into port this
sho wn us specimens of black afternoon from Batoum with over 2.000 marble, block and white granite, and a Hussian immigrants un board reported an
«apRi
CEO C. WRIGHT eit"lorn to the edn. of Goolwyn, the '>« «uffleient to .end Mr Kkk to 'he ,z „„ bi, property, and that he ha- -	- -
W “"‘"' J’	” 1 » wntohmaker, Arnprior. H.« ad. will be pemtent.ary And now Mr. Klock want, t‘,aced it for ab„ut, B m,ie, and that there '
ADVOCATju	found fntereeting and profitable,	to know wha that information is, and i* are indications of silver and other miner-1 At Fort Con longe, on Jmuary 14th. Maria
ÆWS zssnrx txs^ssSK.^ Mr	-
era! people in thi. leotion are very ill	* ^7~	hoae grand old bills of Thorno, and con-
from the di.ea.o, the aoread of which haa	Hymoneti	tiguous town.hipa contain I Riche., per-
b.enci.duced by the vanablo weather „	. .	...	-,	.	hapa vaster than have yet been discover-
we have been experiencing.	L.Mtrr,','Vat the residence of A. S. ed. The pwneera who have sliugg.ed
1 Mitchell, Esq., of Northneld, brother-in hard for an existe: ce amongst them may
law of the bride, by Rev. T. VV. Ball, and doubtless will not see the time, but S imui'l Anderson of Kazubazua, to Ida | a day will come wheu some one w ill en been appointed Treasurer of Carleton 1 S, Smiley, youngest daughter of R ht
County, in succession to the late William Smith, É q , of the township of Thorne ,	_	_	—
Cowan, who with his son, Holmes, wj.b	- A Good Turn out. There was a ve ry
13* VlVawwlle S!JhE reLoEmmv	I r*-c*nt,y killed in a runaway accident in	Augusta William Dihms, eldest son of ffood attendance at tin» carnival held hen
engagements for any business In connection Ottawa. There was a great number of Mr. August Da hois, postmaster and Tuesday evening last, B. y son, with all Courts In the County. Collections .pplicants for the position.	church • wardeir of Thorne Centre, and ! ^orL Bristol, Sanu : tot ami Arnprior
......~
fumes were presented, and just whether the right ones %ot the priz-s, is, a? invuri-
NOTARY PUBLIC,
/^LEUK of the Dlslnct Magi si rates' Court \y at ShawvlUe. Money to lend on chmv terms on farm and village property. Notary for ••The iteliai.ee Loan aud Savings Corn-
Office Hours . . 10 a m. to 3 p m.
SATURDAYS . . . 10 AM. TO 1 P. M.
F. A. PARKKU, Manager.

X " §
"of mtarlo.
Will visit Bryson every Thursday.
3£oral and (SknmtL
VfiraiK tlcLUNNELL,
rTOKNE\ AT LAW, Main rtt. Hull, will, at request,attendallcourts lu the 11 .strict. All lorrespoudeuct promptly tuswered.
Will he at. 4hawvlll< first Thursday of each month.
A

I
DIED.
72 MAIN ST. - HULL QUE.
Will attend Hu per lor and Circuit Court wt Bryson, also other Courts in Pontiac Die. trict wheu required.
PASTURAGE
\
J AS. HOPE * €#.
?NUFACTURLNG STATIONERS, BOOK8E1 I Mr. Hugh Riley, brother of Mrs. Lyon „f ... Otu’w“S?o'Mra.J. H. Shaw, of thi. village, ha,
Anv person wishing to secure pasture for their cow this corning season should sec me at once. Bat s low g *'»d water In pasture, and by arrangln - at once can be gmtnv teed proper accommodation. Af e”5h of April will be too lute.
M
j'-y their pent up wealth.
(j. C XTER
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
J 4 1‘i‘LIC \TION will be made at the next . I A session of the Parliament of Canada by ihe Pontine Pacific Junction li ilway Company for an 1 ct to extend the time for commencing and completing its extensions already authorlz d :-(t) from its present terminus at Waltham to Him If Hie Marie via Pembroke, (2) Uom its mesent terminus at Walt lu* m In a north westerly direction to a point In the County of Pontiac, and (3) from its present terminus at Aylmer to a point in Hull, and thence over the Ottawa river to Ottawa ; and also for commencing and completing the bridges Authorized to he constructed over the Ottawa River at Allumette Island ; and foroth* r purposes.
A. FERGUSON,
Solicitor for * Id Com pa y. Dated this 23th day of January, 18v9.
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, OFFICE î —COURT ST., BHAWVILLB.

¦
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
All couru attended.
-, t

Cos
St. Lawrence Hall,
Alexander Gibson, an Esrdley farmer, well chosen.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al- I his thigh in three places, and the bore	Com. «wryone canno H e*f c
been handed m :
A COMPAGNIE de hemln de fer Port-tin.» el Jonction du Pacifique s’adm-eera parlement du Canad », A sa prochaine session, afin d'obtenir un acte prorogeant ii-H délai* pour commencer H compléter ses prolongements déjft RUlorl*6<-(1) «le son ternit nus actuel A VVuUliam J '«qu’au Hault -alnle-Marle vin mhroke, (i) de son termi-ROiuel A Wnîtham dans une direction
L
m9

Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
H U
«orne
I
nord-nu si Jv>qn’à m. point clan le comté de Pou (lac et (3) de «on terminus actuel A wlmer Jusqu A un point dans Hull, et de la sur la uvtère Ottawa Ju-q-i'A Ottawa; et inikKl pour corn m*nr»T ci cornu é'er l-*s ponts dont la cons* ruction est auforl- é • mr la rl v-ére Ottawa â Plie aux Allumettes, et pour d’au: res tins
mmM
in a declming condition, both Dhy.icnlly cwr< g,**) 14; paid the milk drawer,
I and mentally, for the past twe year., and Lggy gg It f„u.,d neceewy to pur latterly had become almost help.es,; and »h|tfe a „„„ b,„ltir Hnd „ ht.y v't llv,at,
“ hie recovery was regarded almost hnpt- ^^^er with Sec.-Treasurer's aa'ary, inless, hie death, al.hough sad, comes as a luranoe tax»*, n"d other-ma'ler items muiciful deliverance as well to himself a, flmnu(|, to |196 gg Af or d,duui,.g all
Itlloec l,y wh»m be waa surrounded.	theie vxpeuaea aild having paid 57 c,s per
Our friend Gravelle, of the Renfrew hundred for shareholders milk we hate a •Journal, is being deluged with challenged dividend of 21 per cent, on our t-t «! *t«>ck, ¦¦¦¦	MlH a; d a balance, cash on ha< d, of #8>7.
The undersigned beg to rtport that they have carefully audiud the books Sec. Treasurer nf the Clareud >n C & B. C*»., and they examined thoroughly Ihe vxdenditures and find them correct; and that the statements here with pi ©Rented true abstracts from tho Company's
Boys :
Hem an Lester, School boy.
Jimmy Crawfonl,Old man Jo» DntifflA*. S » flor.
George Darg, Sailor.
A. Hodglna. Dude.
Tommy Farrell. Or zv patchwork. Johnny Cr « wford T amp.
Armen Dale. Newsboy Mlîton MrQnlre. N« gro woman. Emerson Flnntgnn, Farmer.
I.lndon Horlgln*». Rummer.
Fred Dale. Clown Jon. De* Charm Rap* bad.
Aeret Maekn v. Svhool hoy.
Irvine rown1« e Clown.
Alex MnT^nn. Acrobat.
John Rvan. Acrobat.
The prlzeN were awarded 1,o Armen Dale forfhe bent hov’e coutume, and John Ryan of Brys tn, for the best gent’s costume.
A. FERGUSON,
Soil elt*ur «Je la dite compagnie. Daté ce 2» Janvier IRM.

f
Shawville Produce Quotations

&
C
o
. 00 U 28
. 57 u 58 . 3Sto 40 37 to 40
Oats...
»#*####***




* —

Ml
Buckwheat..
U \ e .......
iïr/*t (freal ,)
Wool........
Butter......
» v L net 100, dressed
Bief.................
T &

15
SS
i
#######*#*## ###*
...	18 to 18
.... 14 to 15 4 75 io 5 00 3.50 to 4.50
0 j'J
... 3	00
)
to ripen safe combinations, and seems to A be prepaied to accept them all. If Mr. | Gravel!© ham mastered this problem—a J very perplexing one it must be admitted, — ho would stand well to have his name unmortalizdd among his fellow journalists PROPRIETOR	if he would only devote a little of his
This hotel will be Imind folly equipped 1'""%'° dLcnvery of a methed of open for the accommodation of the public gfner- mK *he consciences, and incidentally the ally, and especially commercial men. Free pockets of delinuent subscribers, with
eonuécUon*. “	*'	,D « h„m it likely he ha, had some «per-
Ladles’ and gents bicycles.kept/or hire fence.
girls :
Mftivl Thacker. Canada.
I.ncv I.nng, GvpNV Q.'i«»f»n T<«vlna Rlci ardN. Ml k maid.
Lind i Lnng, Ral. White nnd Blue. Rupert n Fixerait. C’ear night.
V*rna M^Gnlr-*. Th » Fqnlty.
FdMb Hyne*. lions • maid.
I/m tea Lester. Hpnn nti maiden.
Maggie Flnnlgan, F Mir.
I/>na Caldwell. Fed Riding Hood.
Berna McCredlc. H ghland lassie.
Prizes award «I for Ihe he*t lady's cr>*Lu n war carried off* bv Ml&* R<*lla >tewart uf Band Point, and Maint e Finnî^an of this town took the girl's prize.
f
»
7 00
*1
|H1
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL
Calfskin*
Midi st..
...
fui key* , Geese... C aickeiis Ducks..,
• •
G 75
n to 75
.. 7 to 8c. .. 5 to 5Jc. 5 to Cc. 0 to 7c.

» e
# •
are

b oks.
John Stewart, Walter Hodoins, Park man, January 21et, 1899.
!
• • • •
• • • e ######
Auditors.
**###########$*####




r:

###PAGE###2###
;

y
y
Partial Paralysis.
4(1 your own doom against you, T «44 no alternat i>4 hut for you to slay with ua. Ilose needs you, imd as she nays, you may do .Jimmie good, while Torn, if he ever cornea, will he glad to men! the wife of one in whom he was greet I y Interested."
After this, Annie offered 11 remonstrance, though m her heart shr hoped Jimmies residence m Hock land would not he very long Of T«»m she had no dread. She rather wished to see him than otherwise, for he had been kind to Oeorge, and in fancy she had enshrined him as a mi ddle-aged,
you come in contact with» and I want you to talk to Jimmie, will you?”
Annie only smiled, but her cheeks burned with excitement, and Itoae whs ibout asking if Iter head didn't ache, when a letter was brought in bearing the Washington postmark. Kitgerly hose broke it open, screaming with joy is she reel tluit Jimmie had been released,—had token the oath of a I leg md was coming home to Rock
I


Love and War***.
m
A SEVERE COLD BRINGS A WIFB AND MOTHER LOW.

(VS
A\
flirt hei

a story or slavery days.
By MARY J. HOLMES.

rurllnl rarnly»!» ArroniiHinlrd by Fein I-Inu FIU Fellow» Declare Fall lo Bring Vrllrf Ur. millimi1 rink Pille 11^ store Hr* I Ik*
II rook bo 1 lu, a suburb of Owen Sound, in fairly vlbrallng willi interest l»vhe
*¦
h,rme- '	-	day to lh W.lh .ms Pink Pilla.** Mid
Mr. V.oodf llow. "On the 12th of July, i805. M i s Uvodfeitow went oil an ex-rursion to I’ollingwood by boat and O.IIH0 home with a severe cold, which developed into a partial or slight attack of paralysis in the. left side and limb. In addition, at times she would
dizziness which
sit
SI/
me
land
He'll lie here,—ltd me see,—Thur»
, on the three o'clock train. That’s to-morrow. Oh, I’m mi glad I" and in lier delight the little Indy forgot that for the l ist week she had been playing sick, and leaping upon the carpet, danced about the nom, kissing niter-nit cly her mother and Annie, and asking if they were ever so pleased in their lives.
1 Glancing quickly at Annie who, was
,,	,	, .	'attentively examining the hem-stitch
•1 (ouud lum Hilling apart from th* (	, ,fne lilleu ,,illow-oaw, Mr».
" William wrote, 'apparently
CUAPTKR XV1.—Continued
day
01 her a,
absorbed in disagreeable reflections, foi th re was an abstracted look upon his face and deep wrinkles upon his forehead. If he hid not been pointed oui to me, 1 should, have known him l»y his striking resemblance to your family. The Car let on features could	,un}’.	.
not be mistaken, particularly the proud interested in the	.
curve about the mouth, and the arch- wveuleen yen old boy ever epe»
ing of the eyebrows, while I recognized lle	, .
at once the soft, curling, hair and 'Love aft ;,M	^ '*',
brilliant complexion, which you will joined, a lit tie scoi nfu j remember once attracted me toward a muoil lOV!‘ nboui it, l imag 11 certain little girl, who is now ail the was stopping with hei aunt t « J world to the old bachelor Will.	‘luol House »nd Jimmie saw her a few
Hut this isn't alovo letter, darl-	l«,ssl"K himself off hy ano ur
üi,	,K
being, and forgave him at once for all Washington, while to his errors past. Very haughtily he I «‘Liuot girl he was, let mo stuv bowed to me when 1 was introduced, was 11 ^ ^an ' y°u think, no t and then in silence awaited to hear my ; Hose was bent on talking about J i nier rand, the proud curve around his mio and his Vequot girl, and knowing mouth deepening as ho surveyed me that she could not stop her, Mrs. Carle-wit h a hauteur which, undeit ordinary ton replied
circumstances, would have annoyed me "Richard Lee, or something like
exceedingly. As it was, l could almost that." fancy myself the prisoner and he the "Oh, yes, 'ltickl' 1 remember now; freeman, he seemed soi cool, so collect- and her name was,—what was it. mot lied. wüile 1 was embarrassed and un- erf It mikes my head ache so trying
to recall it."
"If l ever knew, I’ve forgotten."
Car let on s.» id reprovingly:
hould not parade our fnni'ly b> fre strangers, uiy dnugh*
^ ou
matters
ter."
••()U. Annie is no stranger," Rose an sweied, laughingly. "She's one of our
besides, she is not enough
ove affair of
"Oh, I forgotl" die suddenly exclaimed, as she saw the great tears dropping from Annie's eyes and guessed of what she was thinking. "I did not mean to make you sorry oontrasl-Jiramie’s coining home with that of poor George. Rear Annie don’t cry,’ and the chubby arms closed coaxing I y round the now sobbing Annie's neck.
•* Don’t cry. You’ll like Jimmie, Î know and if you don’t, 1 know you’ll like dear Tom. He’s perfectly splendid, and lie gave his place to George, you know.*
\ SS, Auiue knew, but it only made
her tears flow faster as she thought of I The Royal Military Tournament of
Rose, so full of hope, her husband yet lh9u wiu give Londoners an opportun-alive, and her brothers coming home, .	,	,	. .	,	»
while she. without a friend on whom 11 y	veritable heroes of
she could lean, was alone in her deso- Omdurman in their habit as they
bite widowhood Excue mg b. elf from I fought
the room, she sought her own pleasant clumber, and there alone poured out her grief into the ear of One who almost since she could remember had part in that victory will lie represented been the recipient of all her sorrows, by men who were actually present And Xnme had far inure need of help than Rose suspected. She could not stay there and meet Jimmie Carleton face to face after what she had heard, Mail saw Col. K. \V. L>. Ward, C.B., the
a
Carleton ro-"Not very
mg
Sht
To Re Continued
BRITAIN'S WARRIORS
From Ihf Warn of the Hoir» lo Ihr Rattle
of OiiMlnriiiiin.
.] seized with a
ftVII resulted in sudden and «evert falls. The paralysis made her unable to lift any weight with h r left hand. She called in medical aid and for some months followed
and took tbt oedi-
Hut it was only
bv
this little nx h 11
In the pageant, which is to be entitled "Warriors of Britain," all
advice
prvsvribvd wasted as she did not get As Mrs. (ioodfellow has
I h"
the regiments and corps which took
cin.'s
inoiv.y
Ik*t tel
any
three children and her husband to care f<>r il was a deep trouble to the family for her to be so afflicted. For eight months these dizzy spells and
...	.	.ill ** i	par.lysis continued. Then some friend
while a return to the lonely cottage honorary secretary of the tournament, '|sktHj lipr to , ry a box of l)r. Wil-
seeined impossible. W ulow Simms s I ^ furnished some interesting de- Rams' Pink Pilla. To please the friend
U„. .».................. .«* ——
Isaac came home, she might be an in- hast grown so in magnificence and sue- ^ fv)( decidedly better. The faint-truder here, and besides, what truth- c*sh since the Regular Army took it in • , HlH.nH came less frequent, her ful reason could she give to Rose for I haQtl	sirength returned to her side and arm
emm, .n which Annie found herself so Of course," said Colon l Ward, "the	J^\lxla,^nd
suddenly placed, and more than an combats for officers and men will he ^jing quite well again, she discon-hour of solitary and prayerful reflec- practically the same us in former years, (jnu,»d the us* of the pills for
pedlent that she should go away, and ment, the committee has decided to j „i,.nded iheir use, and was overjoyed when in t he evening she joined Rose, 8how ; be 'Warriors of Britain*, at four lo fjmj t hit these valuable little pel-
Sp	; HHHz EE-B
« <ii i age in the Hollow or to stay with 1G13 , Lucknow, 18u0 and (>iniluim-m,	trouble when she again ceased to
Widow Simms.	* 1898.	i k * the pills Thil Is ovei a yearsnd
The first period selected will show a half ago, and only once or tw ice-si nee
by the has she hid any slight symptoms of the old trouble, and then a few doses of ihe pills would give full relief. Mrs. coming ! Preposterous !! Why, 1 want. | awu,d, were the weapons which decid- Coodfcllow is decidedly of the opinion you here on his account, if nothing
there on the days of the battle.
A representative of the London Daily
the
certain how to act.
Is your visit prompted by curios-il y to see bow a so-called Rebel can Mrs. Carleton said, and after trying in bear confinement, or did you come on vain to think. Rose dismissed business? he asked, and then all my 1 name, but not the subject, embarrassment was at an end.	How angry Jimmie was,"
" ‘1 came,' 1 said, pa it I y at your tinued, "when you brought him home, sister’s request, and partly to ameer- and how awfully he swore. It makes tain how. much you1 are willing to do you shudder, don't it?" and she turned toward the attainment of your free- to Annie, who had shivered either with dom.'	cold or horror at Jimmie's profanity.
"H.- wa.s i had boy once, but 1 most
Maybe, mother.
the
she con
"1 do not think he understood the last, lie only caught at the words, know he's better now 'your sister,* and grasping my arm. lie this was a real nice girl and if you'd whispered hoarsely, W hat of my sis- let Jimmie alone he might have he-ter? Have you seen he it l*u you conic attached to her, and she have know her, and does she hate me, now#' been his wife by this time. Ihei# lie "1 told him 1 was your husband, and would no h ive joined the Rebel army.
i, 'is Don't you think you and Tom were ci little Rose, little too severe on Jimmie some-

with quivering lip, he asked me Bhe well, my precious L ....	__
whom l remember as almost a child, j times?
and mother—baa she cast me off! Oh,
if she only knew how 1 am punished as Mrs. Carleton looked out upon the for my sin, she would forgive her way- wintry landscape, seeing there visions
of a h noisome, boyish, tearful face. "Here he broke down in such a wild flushed with anger and entreaty as its storm of sobs and tears, that the in- owner begged of her not to take» him mates of the prison gathered in groups back to Boston, which he hated, but around him. their looks indicative of leave him where he was, saying that their surprise at witnessing so much the little girl at the Pequot House emotion in one who up to that/ mom- had already done him more good than ent hid appeared haughtily indifferent j all the sermons preached from ihepul-to everything a round him. With an pits of the Hay State Capital, authoritative gesture he waved them But she had disregarded Jimmie's off, and then, passing him your note, wishes, and from that time forward l, too, walked away, leaving him alone pad pursued a course of reckless-while he read it, but even where I ness ending at last' in prison. With a stood 1 could hear the smothered sobs half-regretful sigh Mrs. Carleton hex tried in vain to suppress. 1 union- I thought of all this, and in her heart rimed to think he is right in saying she bl;,med herself for some of her that joining the Confederate army was boy’s disobedience. Hut it could not the best lesson he ever learned. 1 am now be helped, and with another sigh, sure he must be greatly changed from hpe turned toward Rose, still spéculât! he reckless, da ring boy whose exploits j^g as to what the result might have you have described so often. He is ,been, had Jimmie been suffered to fol-very anxious to swear allegiance to the | j0w up his first.
Stars and Stripes, even though he knew, only fancy should be doomed to prison life for five more weary months, and as 1 am not a mere private now, and have considerable influence in Washington. 1 hope, ere long, to write that he is free, and on his way to Rockland, whither he will go first.
Jimmie expresses the utmost sympathy for Tom, and says he would gladly take his place, if that could be. for he fears the inmates of those Richmond tobacco houses are not always cared for, as he has been at W ashing t bn. Poor Tom. I hope he will be among the list of the exchanged, and If so. you may expect soon to welcome boi h your brothers.'
No wonder Rose wept tears of joy over his letter while her thoughts went after her rebellious, but repentant brother, nor tarried there, for farther to the South, another weary captive pined, and every fibre of her heart bleed with sympathy for Tom-poor Tom. she always called him—and j as the days of sickening suspense went by she grew so nervous and so ill that her mother came up from Boston to attend her, while Annie shook off her awn feelings of weary langour, and did for Rose the same offices which Rose had once done for her.
"I do so wish you had been my sister," Rose said to her one day, when she had been kinder? than usual. "[ know I should be a better woman, and so would all of us."
Annie made no reply, except to twine around her fingers the coils of chestnut hair, lying in such profusion upon the pillows. For a few moments Rose lay perfectly still, with' her eyes fixed upon the paper bordering, as if counting the fanciful flowers, but her thoughts were intent upon a fair different subject. , Turning to her mother, she. suddenly asked:
"How old is Jimmie, >wenly-three, or twenty-four?"
"Twenty-three last May," was the reply and. with rather a troubled expression upon her face, Rose continued,
"Will is thirteen years' older than I am " and the little curly head «hook doubtfully.
"What are you talking about?" Mrs.
Carleton asked, but Rose did not an-
Perhaps so," was the faint response
In the utmost astonishment Rose listened to the proposal and then replied :	¦
how defensive armor was worn
ward boy.'
lance and
You go away because Jimmie is soldiery, und how arrow
all great conflict». The Newbury that she owes her present health to
Uw . w . w ^ i rtr
her at John’s request, and that little ment worn by the Royalist cavalry tua of t|)vm to ber friends and acquaint
teeniy place will not begin to hold infunlry, also the varied uniforms and
threo women with hoops I"	banners of itie Trained Hands of Lou-
i ou forget the widow docs not w ear
them," Annie suggested, her heart beginning to sink, notw ithstanding her | details of playful words.	'
" Yes, I know," Rose replied you are not going there. If you are in the v iy here with Jimmie, you'd surely be more in the way there with Isaac. | dent of the Society of Antiquaries, has Canadian military force in the \ ukon,
lMn*t >uu seeV and Rose looked ee if
this argument were altogether condo-
lences
don and Cromwdl's 'Ironsides/ In the
MILITARY AT DAWSON
ARMS AND ARMOUR for these periods Dillon the curator of the armouries at the lower und presi-
Fltty Urn sinIlourd There to Mnlatnla
Order In I he <’Hy.
A detachment of fifty men of the
but
given great assistance
"Lucknow	will introduce so	fur as	been sent	to	Dawson City to	do guard
I can	go	home,"	Annie	said,	faint-	| possible the	various uniforms	worn	duty
The	voltage	is	mine	till	the	first	j during that	period, hut owing	to tho	command	of	Cupt. BurataU	and was
dearth of space at our disposal,	out of	^ ^n( from	Fort Selkirk, the headquur-
a large number of regiments which , (vrs af the military contingent
says the Midnight Sun of Dawson, has
sive
The detachment is under the
ly
and so far as she
of April.^^^^^	"	"	? S "
Rose colored and hesitated somewhat, as if a little uncertain how what she hud to say on this subject	might	be	bear the	honour Lucknow on their	J	0f (be number	twenty	belong	to	the
received ; then, resolving	to put	a	colours,	those corps only have	been	!	Canadian	Artillery,	and thirty	to	the
bold face, upon it, she said	:	selected	which have not been	repre-	!	infantry
I ought to have told you before,	r	rented in former pageants, or	which	*
suppose. Don t you remember the day
Out
"What do you suppose would have happened if Jimmie had staid in New London, and this scheming aunt,whom mother feared far more than the Peel not, had staid there# too?" she asked of Annie, forgetting that the particulars of the affair had not been repeat-
They have with them & maxim gun mounted on wheels which
....	.	, will represent the four couni ries—
you had the sick headache, more than j«:ngian(jt Scotland, Ireland and Wales. ^ capable of firing three hundred
a week ago i Well, while you were "The 'Omdurm*o' section will include shots a minute. The object of send-
! EEEHEHs 2 ! : stsass : tz
<ind could find no othei place, j did j unif0rms of the corps they served especially after nightfall, not wish to u ike you, and as I knew , wjlll though, of course, it m ay not he Th.; strength of the entire permanent you would not care, saul yes on my ¦ practicable to do this entirely. At any force in the \ ukon, numbers two hun-own responsibility, and sent Bridget | rate^ ^he men will be all entitled to dred, with headquarters at the mili-
tU 11,11 h a ,‘VOUr	ll? *.16 I the medal they wear.	! tary barracks at Fort Selkirk. Lt.-
i ham ier, as he only wanted the lower 4 Numbers? Well, there will be in the Col. Evans is in command and associat-rooms. - ht- put them away real care- pftgeanl 4^9 men. 121 horses, and four ed with him are Major Young, Adjut-fu ly, Bridget did, for I ve »een my- , gUns. The combined display will be ant and Quarter-master ; Captain Gr-, I to	added qua kly, as more elaborate than last time, and will ant and Quarter-master; Captain
she saw t he color mounting to Annie s | reprc8enl ft Malay rising which took Gaidne.r, Captain II. K. Burstall, Cap-cheeks, and leered she might be in- j piUMJ al perak in 1875, when a de- tain G II. Ogilvie, Captain P. Thack-(lignant ut the liberty.	| tachment of the old 10th Foot—now er, Captain C. Pearce, Captain Bennett
And is he there ( Annie asked, con- . j^ncednshire Regiment—some nn- and Lieut. Le Due. The non-commit-quermg all emotion, and speaking in < t-ve	and a party of blue-jackets ants are Paymaster Major Talbot, Sup-
ner natural tone.	I ftttacked two strong blockades at Pass- ply Officer Major RILss and Medical
er Sala. This force was beaten back Officer Surgeon Major Foster.
^ ou are not angry, are you ( lies a |	wjtb much loss by the Malays, but be- The headquarters of	the	detachment
nice man, and so is his wife.	ing reinforced by some of the MOtb	of the force at Dawson	are	outside the
" I 11111 • not angry,’ Annie replied,	Hegimont, a Naval Brigade, Royal Ar-	stockade to the south	and	have been
but more sorry than I can express, ,	RHery, and arnvd police, it returned,	furnished comfortably	for	the officers
though, had I been consulted, I should 1 an(j tlfter a stubborn fight captured and men. The buildings were erect-undoubted ly have done as you did." j stockade, and burned the village ed by the men of the North West "Oh, I m so glad, for it has bothered jQ reur>	Mounted Police, under the supervision
me a luvip. wondering what you'd say !	*4 think, on the whole, the next of Inspector Starnes.
Ruse cried, throwing her arms around	tournament will be quite as good as,
Annie's neck. " And now you'll stay j	^ not better than thn preceding ones,
with us, for you see you have nowhere	The committee, and in fact every one
else to go ; shan't she mother l' and	connected w ith the organization, have
she appealed to Mrs. Carleton, who had	done their best, and given up a great
de.il of time tu making it a success."
ed
Hut it did not matter, for Annie, answered all the same. She was sitting now with her back to Mrs. Carleton, while, so far as Rose was concerned4 her face was in the shadow. Consequent I y Rose could not see its expression. as she replied:
"Nothing probably would have come of it. I imagine the Pequot, as you call her, was not more than fourteen and you know how easily we forget the fanc ies of th it age. She was un-doubtely pleasedd with the evident admiration of your handsome brother, and watched anxiously it may be, for the evenings when, wit hf others of his comrades, became to the hotel; but a closer acquaintance would have resulted in her knowing the deception about the name, and after she would not have cared for him. If he really liked her he would not have im;x)secl upon her thus. She’s forgotten him ere this, and is probably a married woman."
"Perhaps so," Rose replied;
I knew. Jimmie didn't! mean ceive her long. He took the name Dick Lee, partly in sport, and partly because he didn't wish his teacher to know how often Jim Carleton was at the Pequot House, when he thought him somewhere else. After he began to like her, and saw how pure and good and truthful she was, he hated to tell her. but had made up his mind to do so when mother took him away."
"He might have written," Annie said, "and she may have been silly enough to cry over his abrupt and unexplained departure."
"Mother wouldn’t let him write," Rose rejoined, laughingly. "She watched him closely, and got Tom interested too. Poor Jimmie. 1 wonder if that girl ever thinks of him1 now?"
"She may, but I dare say she is glad your mother took him home. She has outlived all that fancy," and Annie's white fingers, on one of which the wedding-ring was shining, worked nervously together.
As if bent on tormenting hoth her auditors by talking ot Jimmie, Rose kept on, wondering how he looked, if she should know him, what he would say, bow he would act, and il he ever would come.
*i I'm so glad you are here, Annie,’ she said, " for you do everybody good
Yes, lie’s I here,” Hose answered
1 wish lo de-
IHS WISH
Mrs. Peck—Yes, they missed something from the counter where 1 had been making some purchases, and as I was leaving the store a detective halted me and led me back to the office, where they told me l was suspected of being a shoplifter.
Mr. Peck—Well, that was awkward, to say the least.
Mrs Peck—Awkward ? For about a
just come in.
"Of course Mrs. Graham will stay, was Mrs. Carletoo’s reply ; for, during the few days of her sojourn at Rockland, she had become greatly interested in the sweet young Annie, and already foresaw the benefit she would he to Rose, who needed some such influence to keep her in check.
Mrs. Carleton was proud, and at first her daughter’s growing intimacy with the wife of a mechanic had given her pride a pang, but a closer acquaintance had dispelled the foolish prejudice, for she saw in the gentle Annie unmistakable mariai of education and refinement, while she was not insensible to the charm thrown round the beautiful stranger by the lovely Christian charts 1er which shone so brightly now in ii«e «ink hour of affliction. Coming
nearer to her, and Lying her hand in I popper, vy do you always draw your i motherly way upon her pale brown pencil from der top to der bottom hair, she said:	in remarking dose pants?
W'e all want you, Mrs. Cira ham, and I Ikey, your popper vss an honest man. as Rose, by an act which I will admit f am sticking exactly to der truth r wus too presuming, has virtually rlos-| ( eqv dose pants vas marked down I
HAD ENOUGH
A portly lady endeavored to skate on i be Serpentine, but she suddenly sat down, making a noise like an iron minute I was simply speechless with safe dropping from a sixth-story win- indignation.
dow.	Mr. Perk, regretfully—Oh, I wwh I
h id been t here I
A gentleman ran to her assistance and, as he helped her to her feet, he remarked:
I presume you are skating for the first time.
No. for the last time replied the disgusted female.
DKODORIZED SMOKERS.
He—VY hat’s the matter with these cigars ?
She—Why, dear, they smelt so horrid that I put some eau-de-cologne on them !
swer at once.
There was another interval of sil-eite, and then starting quickly. Rose called out, "Mother, don't you remember that affair of Jimmie's ever so long ago, when he was a boy at school in New London?" There was a little girl thal he fancied, and you took him bdme for fear of what wrould come of Yt; when you found she was poor and lebodyl"
CONSCIENTIOUS
SMALL.
So h? asked you to he his wife ' How did hv lead up to the question •
Oh. with small talk. I rememVtvr, fo# one thing, he asked me if I lo* ed hi
ven
###PAGE###3###
STANDARD OF PURITY
ROBBEH INSURANCE
LUDELLA
In tïilmi l»J
Ifnllt* n Huh I it rot it Hour
llrlgiMMl Iiimiimiuv i ompiinlin.
flourishing hutdnesees of
To Get the Best Medicine
wæïrzàisæsm
iSSHpi ii:rr~EÈEzr"
business tu look up	shooting the li n. U« would, of couise, moro th;in soldiers who were disband-
partly from other paper* and bive ttllomî(| this before, but events <>.> ^ afler lh,, lat„ Japanese war anl who	ol„irr . rwiq
uf an eye- I cu, ,ed with such surprising rapidity carrjed their rifiwJ and ammunition	Tllh RIUIIT LLW1»
that all ordinary action wan out i,f the with them#	!	Principal-Well
0r I question. hyeiy mum« n “	They are, however, a cowardly lot, money (fWing by Lewis?
sec mod to gain on the boise, an < - only making attacks between sunset Collector—I am sorry to say 1 did - father's note was a thoroughbred ^bough at first he wemed to Ily like aml sunrise. Some of them are decid-	There are a number of Lewises
sent up the ltiver ligris from i v	plunging through the watei at racing governmeDt and people.	principal—That’s the one Call on him
- ¦ -ï	rrti|SS## !	1 -
from the steamer, and the inn	^croaVeiil p»id.. J. Me	__
back badly wounded. The brute at	-*----	/ 1 A Î VI/T?!1 S
hind, ' leaving11he°horse in* posm*u«ion i	COLNCLDENCK.	j eerbohc Diein^ct^nt^^soapt^O^lMt J
of the field. Not for long, however, f s m^how 1 am awfully stupid	^alîand diploimu for mipertor
It soon appeared that tha lum had not night, remaikod young Durum, Inn- J* ,,	Th-lr regular me prevent lofactl- |
been so badly hit as was at first sup- gui(||yf thv other eve nine	aise,we#. A<k your doa er to obu*ln a ,
posed at any rate, he crept out of the jndye«l y u are, retorted Miss Cut- I ripply. Lists mailed free on appho* on. jungle a few minutes later and re- tjngi s, m. what impulsively, commenced the pursuit. t n«e mure p,, y„u really mean that ? asked the , both horse and lion galloped over the y oung man in surprise.	I
plain, and again the lion seemed to | merely indorsed your remark. Did- • gain at every stride. It was noticed n*( y, u just now assert that you were that the Arab had a curious, anxious 8lUpid? sh«; queried.
method of feeling with his feet over y,!Sf he responded, but J or y said so the rough ground, and this, of course, considerably reduced his speed. it
P	'¦ that under or-
One of I h«‘
Northern China is that of brigand in-
These organise-
laOW ha* no equal Healthful, Boono nioal -Lead parkatea-ZS S1.10. HO and 60O.
O
TORONTO CUTTING SCHOOL.
Hero Is tho story in mm's own words.:—
ton
At tho termination

Hie.imei
t
" BOLDSq iX
ie resting made it my
BUILDERS.
mils,
partly from the narrative
U wem.1 lhat the valuable
the lutter part L
ForT.fy r ht cnM
did you get that

wiine»a huiæ interred to iu
BBSI
The BOLD PHARMACAL CO„ Toronto.
my
i
W P € 956
tWO gl'OUlUb.
un board with very great care,
taken lor hi I

per acre ci Ikell. 9lci«
CATARRH
was
yvoi y pi vcauuuii
aluiodl lived at
1 hâ g munit»
the beautiful creature, beware how
on««
safety the side of
'esss
they were by uo means h« wuuld Lake h.a conf.n, went.
lirsl, however, the horse was Perfectly quiet, and us the hours wore on the
/rooms naturally began to I.ud thmg*
they ce u sal-
leaving tbe
cause
At
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
ENGLAND
Lonti 'ii. Eit§
MANOHE8TER
veiy dull, and iu due WM
ered ill y were justified iu
hu.se allege the.' and beguile ike t‘me
That veiy wvu-
thiug happened.
WONTUFIL
The “ Balmoral," Freo Bus
Am. Plan. $1 60 à up.
HEALTH RESTOR 0
Lifer. Bioud
r ii'ir.l Si, iu icb, Lun-1. K,à«ri«. Brail, and Brea'b Lj
Tailor» »ud Drew-Avr*. hei.il for c*' Montreal.
II.oui <li h sii «t
• I CI)TTIHC8CH0OLru
with iut flunking.	.
\n«l up to thv tiim- you spoke of it • replied, 1 only thought so with-
in their own way.
extraordinary
Revalenta Arabic* Food,
„w.d *,l -ih,. treatnsHlta It	\{
hood I» rrje.teU, s afes 50 timet it# co*t 1b me liy,ne ^ nS	^ f Jut sri Able S'scce *•.
WFl	A imvil Cure* of Count,pa-
I VMS O	Hlamle-.cy, Hynpepma.
Brouch t *. bills Diarrhea*,
Du Ear/y’s
ing an
Twilight was coining down upon
and everyon
al'WUe
the
goes without Buying	I
(Unary circumstances, and over even track, t h - horse could easily hive
Huve r:nrrn;;,ustammerers-
thing happened. 1 he Arab was fumy R,ve breath? Have you brent hit is f stretched out in his lung stride, when j£.|Ve you flight sym|itums of con.sump-
hv suddenly pulled up lik»- lightning liirn ( Then send for » free sample of
... sr yzUS-Arst srSSRJRS USSR! XsrtBHBSS@ Du Barry & Co., Lt,
' «^WicsaésiiS
shapely legs flashed out than the noise , r;llt,s wherever air can go, arid never	-—	mm* Mine Mine A Huiee | u»ny » Urt»i«mts Bmuuite, iu nu». 3*. 61. and >*•
flew on again, with his mane stream- f;lj|s vure. We do not ask you to j fl	gk	pml* wr».et
gle. Presently lbe bo.se stood suit grali„ to N. C. Polsou & Co., Kingston,	&pMl.„IthoK
:&r&" r.r;Xïï"“v,¦	—	! Stammerers gssge
stanres. In about seven unnut* s 1 imo | TflR ROSES WHILE DRUGGED. | Dr ArnoU, Btrii», who willoodqih*youcm9*
jungle anTc repfsùdf UyTnd re^, lately | A tough steak miy te made tender |	APFLE8. .«mu, MM » MULT»
tovv irds the horse. With a toss of his if rubl«d over night or for a few hours | If 6h,Pi *bipth, m to
E"Er:«EH r.
board had fairly suit wj|| t* very similar.
it seemed abso-	---
the Arab could jniNKS TFIOMAS-I’HOSVHATE BEST
an
out saying so
board
8
uu
famous river, the steamer was quite unsuspicious ol
anything, when without a moment s
tremendous splash burst up
Everyone
, f
Every stammerer
can H
they will come an-i
s-s?saSESSSJ-
ino.H*
and will talk if
warning a
the soft evening
rushed to the side of the Assyria, and you can judge lor yourself o£ the general amazement that possessed every-when Lord Kerr's matchless Arab
swimming vigorously to-
How he had
Indigent!,.o, Uousuuiytlon, UinVetee P,,za U ugh* A-thm*.	Ph *gm,
N,rions hdhility, aUeplt-M-en#, l^v-indeocy
T!»
air
un
Limited), 7 «égout
mil
une
bay was seen
wards the river bank
d his halter and made a dash
remove
mAI»A l*i;UUAXKVT
unfasten.
for the side, without being heard, not a man on board was able to answer. There was the erect and shapety head gliding swiftly through the smooth water towards the rich and picturesque shore. The captain at once ordered his
slacken speed, in order that
Loan and Savings Company.
Incorporated 1855.
«•••
l.lfie.ooo
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund...
.	..	« I uA«d Office Toronto wx., •
Comm stion Co., Limited, | Bra*®h omoes Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver
recoiled at tutors*!. paid sr ooia-
The Dawson
engineer lu	,
be might watch what the animal would
do. At this time the ship was gliding
past the beautiful grassy plain, vwih
the bank, and it was then not iced luU»jy impossible that
his nosebag was still attached to eacape the third time.	David Popplewell in " 1 he Chamber
of his disagreeable incubus. Of ooui«*t win f The Arab is by this time show- erphotiI,hate ami Thomas-Phosphate
rid of it altogether, hng 8igDs of undoubted fatigue, whilst vajU;iljje manures— Thomas-Phosphate
......-¦>«»*•—“¦	r<» bv:sstxrss '•
succeeded m so loosemug ike bug. iuui ^ horse reels slightly w bis gait. |)<ling a firsl-raie turnip manure, when it slid oil his head and hung about bia The Uon	to kn >w that the mo- oper)y used, producing a sound, heal-
lnary canter, sufficient to make him	shul «tariles the night air, and j|llQ tlje turnip field ; consequently tur-
realize his aosolute freedom, he stop- aimost simultaneously with it cnmi‘s, nips being a principal farm crop, 1 hmn-L Lo eujuy the tender grass at his eighty roar as the lion leaps into me a8_phoephate is the much superior farm
leisure oblivious of the commotion ail.f then falls to the ground dead. manure, and, where judiciously used, caused' by his extraordinary escape. But DOW, what is to be done to get (ledde<tly the most economical and pro-
wimmsmm
m
on in this manner, one of the men
-r.t rzra «.“..‘wars
his rifle the lion’s tactics had changed •«rain and he made a series of great
™ p5,u rx
Iras «srs
àhe steamer. The Tigris here is not broad, and the moonlight was
ckr, ,ra wa* gns
»er He seemed to stiffen his limbs 2nd prick up his small ears. Next mot he sprang forward like an arrow y pursued by the lion, who,
:h he growled horribly at first, became absolutely silent, of the mo*t astonish-recorded, the corn-two the most beauti-
to.
HSreMT* are
I
a|*V@F A^Vâtrgll on Real E*Ulf carrent rate* And on favorable conditio
I

mmm £
iSiiE
y
re-
Mcurtly A a» m to ra
““f'^üRBBKT'MSÏor4-
.Managing Director.
up
QTAMMERERS.!
Metallic Telephone Tablet ÙTZ Ï#
$1.50.
The OFFICE SPECIALTY MFC.CO.
LIMITED,
Toronto and Newmarket, Ont.
that
DARN A HOLE In Three Minute».
v UK DONE WITH THK
Swiss Darner. . .
IT CAN KA"i
are
he could not get
After » little P™f* tier Wf pay U«lle* a w« <’k «Alary who have I' arnerl to become hutbcieutly iro-fl.-icut witn Till 8win» Darner tones a* our agent" end t.o instruct others > u their locality. We require thoUMtudft of "ample darning* for our dusm
*"d lïl'eTÎa
.lot

Price,
1


H

W.c. HARRIS,Toronto
women wh
Swiss D*»h cm enaily t-arn from »•> »• $<l weekly in darnln •amples for US fiwi-B Daii>SR wi I ut » fremit heel or toi in » stocking In twe minutes. It mend# talt e clothe, eurtiuns. underwear and all fabrics with equal ^ nicety and epeed. and a child can operate il
m
i
i
r.A'
e .
Pays the
Til
%

if
a
Best



Price for

LEAD.
tiL
'mti

SCRAP,
%
VI
%

as easily » *rcw*
person. The hwshS
1>\RKFR, neat'.y box. #,1, oomp’ete wiih full
instruct!-ns.tei»iiinon.
Established
L COFFEE & CO.,
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
f. ’ -T ..	—
' 'ft >



laie, etc , wit to sni ,	» Vires* ou receipt ol
Brasfci*: ü'sœttt


TORONTO. ONT.
J
oui
n
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
i
EPPS’S
3
Thomas phosphor'
9
S
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

P
O
COCOA
un
'/
W
B
A

H
»
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
FREE BOOKLET.
guide to health.
/ISO
Hundreds
. of theee oloeeta are in mie, gi ring entire Pamphlet" and Sampjei ol I	Ion	. .
Material of our Steel F>aine I	i artie* u Ing th'-ra won d no t be with-
Niagara Vapor Bath	•£%£
¦ant IO *nr add ream on	I or In any place where there ia a flue or


required only once in tw 0 week*. Fur cir« ular and price write
rereipt of et*inp.
Thermometer Attachment and Vaporizer Complete.
Agent» Wanted for Beal «eltiofl
Bath in Amniitw.
f?VC<X
7cm
5
THE ODORLESS CREMUfORYCLOSET CD.
ÂPjAP.mlbm/*
me RIQQQfQ VUDOF B0IÎ1 <30.
thoug
pi?h» ntly
Then beg
|ng races yxtitors being
Hamilton, Out.
S7 Vonge St- Toronto.
an one ever

-
###PAGE###4###
y


To Lease.
The equity. I Lost, Strayed or stole»
The undersigned le de*I roue of leasing lor s - I On January 13th, 1*09, one HOUND PUP, 10 term of years that well situated premises months old. from the premises of Benjamin occupied as store and post office at Thornby, Workman, Hr., Chatterie,Clarendon.and be being at a good business point on the main longing to R H. Workman, Campbell s Bay.	road leading from Campbells’ May to OU r
v	! Any person or persons keeping this pup	Lake, 9miles from Campbells Bay, 5 miles
»...	....	without answering to this advertisement I 'rom Otter Lake and 5 tnlles front Thorne
lion. Mr. Fisher, Minister	of Agncul	will be prosecuted.	Centre This would he a good opening for a
SKKÜS iC.wXïvü* I «...............................",ft— Iheshssmb
event no last	---------"------— - —--------- suasion can be hid lwt April, next.
evening last.	I	I rimrnhy, Jan. d. 18W. JOSKPH HILL.
SHAWV1LLE, FEB. 2, 1899.
W
BARB
WIRE.
the community
Mr. (Lilies, ML. A., has charge of the I Bfcund reading, bill be fore the Legislature for the divisv-n Mr. Chicoytie then moved its reference of this County into two divisions for to a special committee, composed of municipal and registration purposes. | Won. Messrs. Duffy, Stephens, Leblanc.
Messrs. Chauret, Kubitaille, H. Caron
wll be the tunning of provinc.ul politic. fu||y. He wa. not ,ure whether it would on Federal lines.	1 work here, but it was well worth a trial.
THE EDUCATION BILL
The House again went into committee on the Educatiou bill and several clauses
The bill passed its
PLANING,
MATCHING
«DRESSING






f

/4y

We are receiving this
week one car best
It is said that legislation will be introduced at the approaching session of the
Ontario Legislature to restrict the créa ,	. ,	.	_ .	,
tion of loan companies, and to make amal ?ero P*b6ed hut H ,,,n« and wiimaled gamation move difficult.	discussion took place on clause 08, which
reads as follows: Each Human Catholic bishop, vicar apostolic or administrator of a Roman Catholic diocese, if unable to be present at the meetings of the council or at those of the committee of which he f«»rms a part, may appoint a delegate to
represent him and such delegate shall We wish to inform the public that hav- I
have all the rights of the person appoint	ing just added a first-class Planing Ma-	buying	bôfûTO FCCGnt
The Renfrew Journal says :—Mr. R.	I ing him and any other member may cause	chine to our other plant, we are prepared
A. Campbell, M. L. A., has been “pro	hiutself to be represented for the same	to do Planing, Matching and Dressing	adVRDCG	and call Offer
vailed upon by his friends ” to accept the I purposes and with the same effect by one at short notice, and also supply all de-	9
registrarship of this county. He has nut I of hie colleagues who, in such case, may manda for rough and dressed lumber. if «f n vnrv 1,™	_
been looking for the office at all, but i, vote in his stead.	----o-----	I H	>LIJ 1UW PI1C6-’
being steadily pursued by his friends and Quebec, Jan. 20.—The debate on the| A Quantity of given no peace till he had to accept the I Educational Bill was again taken up to pluoL	J day, when the principal discussion thereon
was on the clause providing for the spin the Educational Bill introduced in I Po^Unent of school inspectors.
Hon. Mr. Pelletier saw no reason for
Cleveland Barb M it tUlB Utiffin.'
NOW DONE AT
—Wire, regular four—point and hog wire.	I You need a new Fence,
)
As a means of settling the Newfoundland French shore difficulty Great Britain proposes to compensate the French fishermen, providing they abandon their rights under the Treaty of Utrecht.
SHAWVILLE.
Be sure and get your Barb Wire from us.
We were fortunate in
LARGE STOCK —OF—
Logs and Shingle TVood ! We certainly cannot replace
Still Required.
present stock at lees than J SIX INCH BARB-
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
the Legislature, by Mr. Robideau, the gov-.
eminent seeks power to dismiss school I chance. At present the Council of inspectors, some of whom it seems, have Public instruction recommends a man, expressed political views not in accord Uie system has been found to work with those held by the party presently ! W0J!‘
in power in this province, and they are to Hon. A. SV. Atwater enquired whether -	f <!a wînm
be taught a lesson; if the ministers have l,ie Council had been consulted on the ArfOga	gawlüg
their way. If a man from Mars were to subject. He considered that this Hody •	¦	- n	j
arrive on the earth to study its affair* WM the	authority to pass upon BUd MlIlgiewOO(l
he would probably conclude that the ,he merl,a of a candidate for such an mi.	v %
name “ Liberal " was applied m irony to P°J“tant Pi'8***0"* ,	.	.	^ fftfl
the party of Laurier and Marchand. It L Ho,‘ M * Tackett also spoke against |	V^i VV WÜ UWUa
is the narrowest minded of political or- 11 changa. He pointed out that this
ganlzations to be found anywhere.	wou,d m»ko PoIlt’cal agents of the inspec-
tors.
30 cents per 100 advance.
Shaw ville, Januajy 24, 1899
lîow is the time to buy. E.
HODGINS & SONS.
J. H. SHAW.
The undersigned are prepared to saw ur buy any quantity of Sawlogs and Shingle wood, delivered at any of their three saw-mills, at Hedging Brothers’, Hamilton’s, or at what is known as the Armstrong mill.
i ,	.1 Mr. Chicoyne alao addressed the House
Montreal Garotte :—In his latest pub- re this subject and Hon. Mr. Flynn
Ilahed letter Mr. Charlton, M. P., says I posed the dangers which might arise by he quite agrees thnt it was m mistake to I making this a political appointment, allow corn upon the free list until we had They asked how the efficiency of the negotiated for some concession upon the schools would be increased by the other side as a quid pro quo for taking I change, that step." This is, moreover, Mr. Charlton's view after months of intimate association, as a member of the interna-
ex
-V
Hon. Messrs. Marchand and Dechene spoke for the clause.
..	.	. .	. ,	_	, Hon. Mr. Nantel contended that while
tional commission with U. S. public men. the Government pretended to leave to
Itj us tines what Conservative critics have I the Council all their powers they were said of the inestimable boon of free | depriving them of one of the most im«
Ci7nV .n?meIy’ !	^ T** n?t a ^K)on at I portant, the appointment of inspectors,
a I, but, from a reciprocity point of view, a The clause was finally carried, ,„,t
blunder. The more the Launer policy withstanding the protest of the Oppoe wears the less dees it commend itself. ition.
/
BUSINESS
CHANGE.
NEW
GOODS
HUDGINS BROS.,
NEW
GOODS
North Clarendon.
Hon. Mr. Hackett asked for informa tion on the clause relating to the transportation of children to school for districts On Tuesday'last Rev. Dr. Shaw, Rev. °f five miles or more. The bill provided Dr. Heuniker, and Aid Ames, of the for transporattion of children but did not Protestant C< mmittee of the Council of provide ways and means.
Public Instruction, interviewed the Hon. Mr. Stephens said that some of (ï vemnnnt in the interests of Protest I the Opposition members did uot seem to ant education. They summarized their know what they were talking about, representations as follows:—	The children would be transported by
1. As to the proposed distribution of free horses and carriages or sleighs, school books, they recommend that the Hon. Mr. Hickett protested against share due to the Protestant committee on a civil question being answered by a min- I The UIldcrsi(r116(l desires tO ill-this account be added to their portion of *âter without poitfolio with taunts. If a	®
the poor municipalities’ fund.	man was not worthy of a portfolio he was
- That taxes on property of joint own hardly woithy to answer for the Governorship be divided according to the faith ment.
of the proprietor.	Hon. Messrs. Marchand and Dtchene
3.	With reference to Lies on joint answered the question. He said that the
at ck companies, that in Montreal such commissioners would pay for the trans I T nrnnnroil tn dn oil Vînrlc taxes be divided between the two beards portation out of the general fund pro- 1 , PrtPareil CO CIO ail klUdS
at the annual meeting of the companies, I vided by the assessments.	° ^ u®tom Sawing during the Winter
and if not so divided, they shall bo ap-	' months,
plied as at present, according to school population.
4.	That fuller informnation be
tfotes of The] Legislature.
The undersigned desire to in-
form the people of Shawvllle and
r;FE'=rB‘LrV". % a
and that they Intend carrying on the .
same in the old stand-opposite the Russell House. By strict attention to business and square dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patron-
sur
Lumber
Sawing.
PALL GOODS
J
OF ALL LINES
age
To which I wish to call the attention of my customers and the public generally.
form the public that he has rented THE STOCK comprises a nice line of Ralph Hodoins & Sons' Sawing COOKING, BOX AND PARLOUR
Plant, at the Shawville Brick and	civ#atipi««
Tile Yard, and also that it is thor-1	"STOVES11
oughly equipped for sawing purposes. | STOVE FURNISHINGS,
COOKING UTENSILS, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &c
>
KF* The goods have been lected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intendiug , i purchasers.
ROB!. A. DALE. YOUNŒ,
°“h	¦*“,or StarkeVcoraers.
Shawvllle, Nor. 15,1898.
36-
I have also added a Shingle
Machine to the plant, and am there-
lr.i: i&Szz -*	to|»w. w. dale.
of all kinds satisfactorily done, at—
MODERATE PRICES.
Fish and G-amo
given
to the department for statistical put potes fiom all educational institutions of the
THE QUEBEC PROTECTION ACT IS TO BE
AMENDED.
r
province.
5. Tiiat school
EHEgiS=|||p^l‘1SÊ3E^-
amm
Mr. Chicr.yne in introducing his con I fhe province of Quebec; R“sligouche and cihation bill, explained that it would keep I Caecapedia Salmon Club, Lac a la Peche, down litigation. It applies to persuual I Tuiii-illi, Sfadacona, Mastigouche, Triton matters, and forbids the plaintiff to bring I Dlubs, and others. The delegation dis an action before having tried to conciliate I cussed with the minister and his assist-The parties named in the bill will not bel a0,ne of the changes contemplated arbitrators but only peacemakers. This I	game laws, and the following
system has been tried in France, and among some of the changes recommended : found to work excellently. In France, Lynx and sheldrake are struck from the however, it applies to all causes, but here Pn>tccled Iist- An attempt was made to it will apply only to cases under $25 In 8trdcti bears and raccoons, but the France this conciliation keeps down the majority was against it. The time during | IlOUSeS cases by one-third If it has the same w.h,ch 18 forbidden to kid any beaver success here it will have the effect of sav w*d Le extended two years, to 1902. The ing at least $100,000. It's worth trying. f*03e 8ea8nn for partridge will be from The sum saved would be as much as spent December 15th to September 1st. It will now in colonization. The same system a*eo Le allowed to hunt deer with dogs exists in Holland, and one of the same | ^rom October 20th to November 1st. nature in Belgium. In England in the
ran
the lawyers would rise above the mere I the consequent necessity for nourishing pecuniar) consideration for the good of I food fvr the convalescents.
JOHN J. MCCLEARY,
SHAWVILLB.
I
?
??
mmm
Furniture Furniture Furniture
good quality and of all styles' at
Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.
5
VS
/

NOTICE
TO FARMERS.

X
A CONCILIATION BILL
5
>

A

For the greater convenience oj my customers, in addition to my Storehouse at Bristol, I have erected two new Store
one at McKee's and the other at Wyman’s— and am prepared to buy all kinds of good, clean
3

&
&

i
XxV
U •»
are
I
L

> Marlin Repeaters l

9
?
1
Gram, for which I will pay JAMES MCARTHUR,
the highest price the market will allow.
M
I
SHAW VILLE.
For Prices ou MARLINS, (any
calibre) consult
your nearest dealer.
??
?
B. GRAHAM.
Elmslde, Oct. 17th. 1898.
###PAGE###5###
County Sale of Lands for Taxes.
I

I
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
JEWELLER
Province do Quebec,
Bureau du Conseil Municipal du Comté de Pontiac
JE DONNE AVIS par le présent que les terres ci aprôe décrites seront vendues par encan public, A la salle du comté de Pontiac, au
village de Bryson, MERCREDI k PREMIER jour de MARS prochain, A DIX heures do Vavant-midi, pour cotisations et frais mention éa sur les differents lots et parties de lots ci-après décrites, à moins que lus dites cotisations ne me soient payées avec les frais courus avant le jour fixe pour la vente.
}
nm t	Province of Quebec,	)
« >lhce of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac. /
KUP|
A MKI.K T rtTOTK Of
watches,
CLOCKS,
JEWKELEKY,
81L VKH WARE <t<r. Ac.



1BEêÉS5â=BiHÊ


« V .
Si
#

â

f
rj
7 Hr
en
Al RINO -
A Hl'KCIAMTT
SHAWVILLE, Q
Nom do Municipalité
Nom sur le Role
Rang
Taxes
d’écoles
Faxes Mu nicijwileH.
Municipal
Taxes.
Etendu
Costs
Lot
Name of Municipality
Name on Assessment Roll
Range
Total
Suits
School
Taxes.
Extent. I
Frais
Slylisb,
Good-fitting
*5:8? i lIp-to-Dale
Calumet Island
Hrlhmd, Joseph........
McGuire, Moses........
Neville, Christopher..., Ij&uzon, Olivier.......
Bryson, Hon. George...
Stephens, Charles......
Roi, ! sac I ..........
Hoi, Joseph............
Ijafleur, Charles......
LaHeur, Cam il.........
Dodd, James............
Grace, J. J., (Absentee)
Craig, Thomas..........
Ross, William..........
Cooney, Thomas.........
2
Part—partie—18
partie—23 19....
28, 29. [[
%	4.......
23a and 24a
do
25
Part
3.55
3
a. Ou 4.15
do
38.89
5
50
do
ta;
5
9 tl*
3.18
4.83
117
Richer
Fendu
lolrtllU.
7.44
do
ALWAYS TO BE HAD FROM
200
4.80
4.80
Township of Leslie
1
100
10.15
do
do
4
23
10 15
100
64
do
58
do
A
15 h
1.22
50
do
do
1.74
5
37 b
1.74
50
do
do
1.00
1.85
6
35
2.85
G. FRAME,
100
Township of Bristol
4.50
8.23
N W-NOi 13.	.............
8 W-S O A 27	..................
8 W-S 0 I 2.X.....................
N W—N 0 A 18 . ...................
8 W—8 0 $ 14 ... ,X XXX...........
Main street	_______ ^
Janies Hislgins and west aide'lw land of J. lv. Horner. J lot de village situé
Coté sud de la Rue Maiu, Borneé ?iôrd 1 terre,
par le terre de J. R.° H 50............
ï' —O As 8 and 9...
Part—prtie 10....
39, 40......
2.....
R 10 and 11
9..........xx
Frt 10 and 11.
K I Part—partie 14, 15 .
i	i2............;
1 NE .J s F and G......
4 I Parts—partie 45, 40, 47
35. 30......
1
1
4
7
9
1
12.73 28.63
14 91 42 65
50
do
do
23.03
5.00
73
do
do
8.05
6.86
100
do
do
29.78
12.87
100
do
do
1.32
1.70
3.02
THE TAILOR
100
8.25
6.80
15.05
who insures the future custom of those who leave
r north side by on east and south by land of
an
Village of Shawville
Elliott, Thomas
order with him
au
9.94
9.94
, a t, Ul ‘Purnev au
jwr la Rue Alain et est et sud par le, «le James Hudgins et au coté ouest'
* Trial trill f optima
!
Township of Thorne
ruer
Crawford, Robert......
Donaldson, Milt<»n____
Egan, H. K............
Hodgins, Stewart- . .. Hodgins, Alex. Thomas Hodgins, Win. John ...
! Hodgins, Robert E.....
| Havilan, John.......
j Léger, Richard......
i Rutledge, Thomas....
j Rooney, John........
Sparling, Henry......
Smith, Albert.......
Stevens, Leeson.......
Vandusky, John........
Scott, F. W...........
Scott. F. W.........
Scott, F. W......
Scott, F. W.......
Scott, F. W........
Gibbons, Mrs. Thomas James Misheaud.......
Suawvillo - - - Que.
jDBADY
—FOR—
T6e Violer Traie
100
do
do
6.60
{tv
1
6.60
122
21.20
15.00 J
do
21.20
do
206J
do
15.00
do
do
100
d<
4.00
2
4.00
do
do
82
7.50
1
7.50
do
do
100
4.10
1
4.10
do
do
100
4.50
4.50
do
do
100
6.15
6.16
do
do
86
21.30
11.30 22.62 12.34
20.30 11.86 30.28
21.30
11.30 22.62 12.34
20.30 11.86 30.28
do
i
do
118
do
o
do
150
\V

do
175
do
2
12
do
104
do
W
43, 44 1, 2 .
do
do
200
3
CUTTERS
South Onslow
219
3 S part—partie 13........
3 I N part—partie nord 13
3	14............
do
50
1.20
1.20
do
6
2.85
2.85
do
127
5.40
5.40
4
20c
<-»t up iii Hie latest anil stylish designs and finish.
do
7
1.50
most
1.60
5
loa
do
108
10.75
10.75
6
3h
Township of Sheen.......
th?1township of’Aberdeen VNlllwm LiPkie> Blacksmith Village of Bryson ... do	do ....
Township of Aldfield Township of Onslow.
107
8.05
8.05
12
fpectfunilyTolaVdftheae flr8,"Cla88 R'68 18 re
18, 19.................
1, 3, 3 north side Main.-ruo Main..............
2, W S—coté ouest Clarendon 2, 2, E S—coté est Clarendon. 35, 36.....................
Sida...................
S As 2 and 3...........
11b,	11c..............
200
17.86
8.00
25.86
{
Coté nord
Aa usual I am prepared to execute all
orders for
U 27	11.50
10.65 26.33
20.77
.. Harten, Stewart .. Moore, James..
.. Kennedy, Geo .. James McC.
heritiér de...
.. Garland, J. M..
.. Kenny, W. R...
Joyce, Thomas, Estate of—Eta de............................
.. Doyle, Widow—veuve—Owen..
.. O’Donnell, Thomas.............
Gorman, Thomas..........
•	Kavanagh, Edward, Estate of—
Etat de.....................
. I Cunningham, Peter . I Toner,
Taylor, John, Heirs of—heretiér
*	do..................
. McCormick, Stephen...
. Pattison, Arthur M....
. Ebert, Andrew.........
. Frost, Samuel.........
. Anderson, William_____
. Laparge, Robert A.....
. Dauney, Euclade.......
Laganais, Tanaise......
Bryson, Hon. George, sr Berribie, Alexander...,,
Hudson, Charles.........
Merricks, Samuel S______
Merricks, Samuel S......
Davidson, William.......
Johnston, James.........
Hennessey, James W....
Hennessey, James W______
Curry, Thomas...........
I Curry, Thomas.........
Logan, Jacob............
Robbiard
Wallace, Henry...
Armitage, William Bailey, Andrew...
Caldwell, Slack...
Clark, John......
Gaboury, F.......
Greer, John......
Greenshields, John
Harris, James ....
Horner, Ralph.....
11.67
10.48
22.22 36.81
'i'go..
H ugh
4
200
Sloops, Sleighs, &c.,
1.95
heirs of
25
2.20
10
50
2.00
2.00
do
do
or anything in cormectijn with the Blacksraithing business.
7
200
do
do
8.35
8.35
13
100
7.00
7.00
do
do
ARTHUR SMILEY,
9
13 a
100
4.80
4.80
do
do
10
13a
100
do
do
4.00
4.00
8
SII1Wvills;, hie.
Shawville
Sash and Doer Factory,
McCredie & Hodgins, Proprietors
3b
50
do
7.15
do
7.15
12
lib
100
Township of Litchfield
2.40
2.40
8
F 4 23	,
6	IN W—N O A 17
F 4 25 ....
2	| Part—partie 1..
SE4 10...
7	I R—arriéré 4 2.. 10 I N W—N O 4 23
S4$>......
54 ...
37, 38
100
2.10
2.10
do
do
100
do
1.40
do
1.40
âmes
8
100
2.10
2.10
do
do
è
8.30
8.30
do
do
5
100
20.10
do
do
20.10
100
7.36
do
do
7.36
Sashes, Doors. Mouldings, Blinds manufactn ed to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
etc
100
7.06
Township of Manstield
7.06
1
50
2.36
do
do
2.36
2
100
6.50
3.60
do
do
10.00
3
200
6.25
4.25
do
do
9.50
4
25
100
5.16
1.00
do
do
6.16
5
48
100
1.50
1.00
do
2.50
do
THE BOLL ELEGIE CO.
6
11
100
5.65
6.00
do
11.65
do
6
12
100
1.50
1.75
Township of Pontefract
3.25
6
8
100
10.50
17.00
17.00
8.37
7.70
do
26.57 42.15 42.15
do
A
29, 30........
8, 9, 10, 11
200
13.95 11.20 13.95 I 11.20 6.76 2.14 3.70 ; 1.22
do
do
Cars run at intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minutes lu the afternoon, daily, Sundays Included.
4
200
do
do
5
12
100
do
7.90
do
3
10
100
do
4.92
do
i
7
4
4. 5
100
1.25
do
1.25
do
Close connections are m id* with all Cana-»Ja9. Pacific *od (Zatlnean Valiev trains ut Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
6
100
1.25
do
1.25
do
5
100
5.74
do
5.74
do
7
F 4 4
50
5.23
Township of Clarendon
5.23
13
8
200
15.95
do
do
Alexander
W. R. TAYLOR
12 IN W-NO A of de N E 4 27
N E A 23........
N W-N 1) A of—de S W-S O j 12
NE 4 & N E 4 of—de SEA 11.
S W- S O A 21............
N EA of—S \\ so A 24 N E Js 19, 20, 21, 22 & 23...
s W-S O A 18 & S E A 19......
/N W-N O 4 7 A: N W-N O A of-de is E4 7....:..........:.....
50
3.69
do
do
Sec.-Treas
8
100
7.30
do
do
50
i
7.98
do
do
7
V
150
20.10 25.41 13.33 66.65 42.44
do
¦ «are.
do
100
i
do
do
Kb
7
50
do
do
1
500
do
do

13
200
Pontiac Pacific Jonction fiy.
do
do
8
150
64.82
17.93
65.12
do
do
11
200
1
do
{l2
do
SEA 15.........
S W—S O A 15.... 25, N W-N O & S E 4 of —do
200
Official Time Table
I
4	of -de S W-S
5	W -S O 4 28 &
in
do
AN
do
McLean. Neil
300
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tBreckenrldge t'Eardley Parker'# Crossing t* Mohrs Quyon Wyman's ? Tank Bristol McKee's ShawvlMe Clark's
Campbell's Bay ?Tank Î* Vinton Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
25.10
Arrive 9 45
9
601
9 21
27
do
do
6.12
Robiard, John Robiard, Jacob... Sheffield, Elisha.. Smith, William, sr
Stanley, George-.. Ralph, John B....
9.06
100
12
N W-N O 4 25 N W—N O I 24
25
10.92	16.18
7.04
34.45	16.47
23.95 I *-#
36.47
do
8.58
do
100
6 26
12
8 50
do
do
6.87
100
8 40
1
do
do
8 22
200
9
3
k.14
6 58
do
{8
(in
N E *8 7 & S.........
S W P of—S O P do S E i 10.
/ S W—S O120&SK i Of-de S W
10*21..................
8.08
260
7.04
8 02
7.26
52
7.45
do
do
7.81
150
2
22.09 I *-00
7.16
8 08
7.16
8.12
7.06
8.30
6.64
8.47
6.39
6.55 Arrive
WILLIAM C. LeROY,
•Flag Station. tTank. VFlag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
Bryson, 6th January, 1899. Bryson, 5 Janvier, 1899.
Secretary-Treasurer, County of Pontiac. Secretaire-Tresorier, Comté de Pontiac.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
tilKXBAL StTPEKINTBTOBNT
###PAGE###6###
/
hr h id Jesu* to be the Idoubt of his power ied that to #uc-
mm
mmmMap
..--mammsmast
1 Now the Spirit of Hod descends upon Galilean teachings or miracles, but I (ialtlee. that church, hundreds of souls stand simp,y because. Uiey had seen alt Uie up and confess the faith of Christ, things that be old at Jerusalem, time Has that Christian woman, who went illustrating the truth of the: P'ovuru away fifteen rears ago, nothing to do our Lord quotes, as well as the, tiutn
with these things# I see the flower- ot the siateincut oi n modern scholar.
I hear I Jerusalem set the faslnom m Hebrew
Hid things." The le.tsi.
U-Blival ceivbraivd 1 o t lus ‘least '
UIA Ml I p
,cle-W(" leer must be close
ipd v- rjr evidently he
r.UMv the
THE MYSTERY IS SOLVED
I
f jxiw. r i o
not
HEV. DR. TALMAGE DISCOURSES ON THE CHRISTIAN WOMAN.
I h y 8<‘ïi livui h. I hu» lu comfort an I help the adapt h»M l)l< ms nga to
init lit <tn
mg
h
Dorran the BfHfftifllfM-Hle wm a i#rvk«‘i«i»il%e It«1 man Deeply Lamented When Death Htrufk Her Down -The Dr. Drawn a livid rietwre of the t|»«ee»» DMrltmlln* the I'rlmean Hwlal».
A despatch from Washington says:— Hiîv. Dr. TuImage preached from the

ns ha# bei'ii apt y
\\ h n he
i
c nlunon k l ho
to

following text:—
"Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tuhitha, which by in-

-T
lx. at;
Do*







him,
uth.'i* place a woman is trimming lamp ; Dorcas brought the oil

This woman was
,	,	Wall of those women wl
oth.T place, a family thaï had nut ^ destitute, who knit
been at table for many a week are the barefooted, who prepare
has brought for the lacerated, wlei :IX.
br/ad.	! ^ the asyS oHlie suffering
But there is a sudden pause in that and destitute bearing that y' l
Th-y say. "Where which is sight for the blind, andheai-
I» 11 ... J .....
of these poor people goes up and ing in their pulses, w hat a • , ,bt> ho of her footsteps in all these eatim tie 01 iueug| knocks at tha door and finds the mys- between the practical benevo i	songs	over	sins forgiven, in all the 1 ho great passoverl |
jw — jituTSTiffura.»-»*	esu.’îys srstatis-LV
<f wretchedness the news comes Don as | ^ nd ber time idly planning how q Dorcas is resurrected.	lee. and ail loreigu countries. gatheied <m tbeir kl,.ks lbe patrons of the gar-
is sick lM No bulletin flashing from the poor of Joppa were to be ,, h’ ' * After a while nil these womanly by 'be, hundred thousand. 1 he crowns	Every	‘Any	take*	his	’Arriet
FFF: ra,rSB#a S 2 s:SE=? he r
for than the news from this sick bene I d gQ out in the street and JaufcD	m<,n, f(,r (hPm; the last robe we ul all Jerusalem m such a stale ol abt>,lt the ring on the buck of one of
factrvss. Alas for Joppa I there is al lhe boy who has upset bis «a* ever wear—the robe for the grave, overflow indicates bow wonder&ul etc	elephants
SBSS-s
hushed, that hand which had made s kj(.k tbe bggar from the step, 1 f>!n.^' wmn uUt from your last round of lee of the Gentiles" because of many t(> 1m, a bit of professional jealousy berna ny garments for the poor is cold .. yU8h your miserable howling	mercy.	1	do	not know where you will Ueinile cities within us borders, but
1ÉÉÉS
lp*S
In an-
ga the red now for Dorcas
i
money-making elephants

woman s mir'.stry Is Dorcas ?
Three of Them In Ihe Lnndon Z<mi fairn Teh Thousand Dollars K%ery leur.
Three elephants earn 310,000 n year. The.se elephants are at the London Zoo, and they earn lheir money by carrying
many a da)

on




N




/

\ppareutly they
between hours, but
are ou
Lyvevn them
ness is
>
Un


Th y
mortal to affect.
Three camels earn about $1,20H a
help
Blanche, -— ------ -
France, hearing that there were
went out amongst the rabble
are
. 1

does that


¦M

IN NO HURRY



lsvw, "Huzza 1
uu/.zni vu »* **•-*“ - proud day for
49. Sir, come down ere iny child die
MIC!
annuity, or

be were

m


###PAGE###7###
fwliner taken nn evening or two in com puny with hui wife or sons to plan h vegetable end fruit garden or at lea si one of them. •
We wish all our readers could have it fmpreesed upon them that there is no hull-acre, no mutter how productive, on their farm that will give bet ter returns than the half acre devoted to fiuits or vegetables, and that the beat way to secure the heat results is to plan for it now.
To help plan successfully we suggest getting at once the catalogues of of the heat seedsmen and dealers m m ill fiuits and nursery stock and lay t b.
W h n
course by thin time the thing had teak ed out, and in no time t he city of Melbourne was crazy with excitement.
"We willed for England, in a vessel (billed the Shaft** boro ugh, paying i,-740 half crowns export duty on the nugget end £90 insurance. When we reached London we found the news had got there before us, and we thought nothing of having half a dozen lords and ciukea for break fist while the craze lu t«*d. ih** Crystal Palace wan booming then, but it w asn t a fly speck on the map of the world to us for more than a week. We sold our beauty to the I tank ol England for £10,000 sterling, my brother and 1 dividing the profits equally and pooling in h ind-«ouw I y for old Ambrose did it weigh Î The heft of that nugget was just 14ti pounds 4 ounces and 3 penny weights, and wh* n it was mus* I ted it was found to be Lit 7-8 carats fiuti, containing only JO ounces of dries*. Fur some time it w».h exhibit-evi in tile BritLsh Mus um by permission of the l>uiik, and there is a cast of it there now as well as one at Kingston (’oliege, Ontario.
" W bile in London we were presented to the Queen. fShe sent her carryall arid a battalion of mounted police to take the nugg.it and us to the palace. We stopped wiiii her for lunch, and I must say she made herself generally agreeable. 1 teetered the Prince of YValiis on my knee, for he was only a kid then, and he promised to come to Canada to see me, w hich he did al*>ut
EIGHT YEARS AFTERW ARB
Ihen I went to Liverpool and got m<ar-rieil, and went into the ship chandlery aiul sail making business, and pretty «oon every ounce of that nugget was gone to kingdom
got no fault to find with marriage in general, but 1 didn't seem to strike a pfiystreak. So then 1 carne back to my old home, and when 1 gnt here the boys took hold in earnest and elected me at the head of the poll by J40 jority. But the nugget was my ruination after all, for I've done nothing since but hunt for gold on the N.-ishwaak, the Nepisguit and the Nap-padogan. I found 1< ts of signs, nothing to pan out.
...	7 heard about this Klondike nugget
She was no chicken, the other day. Maybe it will beat
mine and maybe it won’t. The Welt-ham nugget weighed 180 pounds, but it had ninety pounds of stone in it. It was found at a place called the Ovens, In about 100 miles from Ballarat, in I lie year 1859, and it grew within a foot of £ the ground. Then there was the Bolt. ham nugget, found in Australia by Mike Patcbell, 1 think in 1854. It weighed forty p > u_n < i#|||||||l||||||l||j|||||||||||l|||||l|||l
was pure gold
simile of that is shown in the British Museum.”
Grenoble Is the place where most of
At thin
the kid gloves come from
place alone 1,200,000 dozen paire of
gloves are manufactured annually. This represents a value of £1,400,010, and WHAT IS aOINCI ON IN TME POUR | 8'vos employment to 25,000 working
people of both sexes. There are 4,000 men and 21,000 women residing within a radius ol thirty-eight miles around Grenoble who live by this work.
The success of Bismarck's memoirs is unprecedented in Germany
week, 818,000 copies had been ordered,
representing a value of nearly $1,025,-
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
PRACTICAL SHEEP HUSBANDRY.
Do not mix sheep with other aui-mak. To be entirely safe a flock must haw a yard and shed to themselves.
A greased sheep sheds the rain and inviting snow so that It does not chill th? most tender part of the animal, the loins, wlwre injury to the spine nerve and resulting disease is sure to happen.	»
CORNERS OP THE GLOBE.
O'd end New World Bvente of Interest Chronicled Briefly—Interesting Meppenlngs of Recent Date.
In one
The sale of William Morris' library realized $55,000.
sum
plans for the gardens now.
for (ha garden plan, do not shut your | at Khartoum and Fashoda eyes or mind when something is seen that will improve the field crop or ein b lluh the home, Corn and potatoes, oats and wheat are good, so, too, are roses, pansies and asters.
Order your seed and fruit catalogues early and plan for good, jwiying crops, healthy families and beautiful home surroundings.
000
.,	,	,	An<l thl# is only the beginning.
French schools are to be established [ The memoirs of General Greet have
been	as	a
At present no
How much
King Oscar of Sweden has been a	of 100,000 copies
copies of Bismarck s memoirs are to be
had, and of those ordered only tw#>-A young Siamese prince has been sue-1 thirds have been supplied.
cessful in an English law examination.
I NAPIER'S GOLD NUGGET
t <>bor.
in Scotland there are at least 8f>
burghs whose Provosts are total abstainers.
Wsater quarters are now to be pro-vlitd for the flock. Shelter is indie-
Freemason tipwarda of fifty years
i
pensable, for it is equivalent to a large quantity of feed, otherwise ex-p.-nded in making up for exhaustion through exposure to cold.
8ve that the yards for the sheep be made dry by thorough drainage sheep must have a dry foot always, but especially in the winter, and the shed should be provided with eave trough drainage to secure dry feet.
It has always been a custom among English shepherds to grease the sheep's coat when the flock is to be exposed to the winter weather, as this helps to shed the rain, ft is a question to be
considered if our range shepherd might.	..	.....
,	,	. ...	. âî	, „ I their solid and liquid excrement
n" a<Jop( Uns protection usefully. whioh had accumulated from last j w is executed by Edgar lloehm, a sculp-1 resided in Bathurst, N. B., nearly all Sh. ep come into market in one-third night's food. After this is done lead tor of Hungarian origin.	his life and was once elected to the
thu time in which cattle can. A | or drive the cow Into e well-ventUated A hymn book which Gen. Gordon New Brunswick Legialuture, hut hie
used for milking, and tbe cow	. .	,	.	_	,	,	| , . , .	”	,
owned, is on sale in London, and an [ chief fame re«ts on the fact that he
offer of $125 has been made for it
HIS ACCOUNT OF THE $50,000 STRIKE
IN AUSTRALIA.
A
CLEANLINESS IN MILKING
This is the time of the year when bad odors arv most likely to get into milk,
Six hundred dwelling houses have
and .hi» is one reason why so many I ^hiaT^r" MütherweI‘* find it difficult to make good butler the population of the Soudan is num-
in winter. On no account should the bered at three millions, nearly all be milked in the stable where she | wholly uneducated
has laid jhrough the night
cows are awakened for feeding in the ! burgh and Aberdeen are all engaged
most of them will void both 'n the wood trade.
It 4iot mm an InlriHlunion to (tiirria Victoria llul Too Uorh told Proved lo he IsplerN Knln.
The recent shipment to England of a Klondike nugget valued at $50,000 rec« Ils the famous Napier nugget found in the Australian diggings forty years ago
oow
W hen
I he Lord Provosts of Glasgow, Edin
The front end of Mr
morning
One of the statues of Queen Victoria Napier's name is Samuel H
He has
Mind you, 1
come
room
should be given the most appetizing
Sometimes
ah. pherd's profits come in annual dividends, those of the cattle men in
once upon a time picked up the biggest chunk of gold that had ever, up
, part of its rations here
three years. Three is better than one. th<, cow wiU fail to urinate before leuv- * he largest landed proprietor in r u-And it la one of the social features ing the stable, and the sound of milk rope is the Prime of Schwartzenberg, of keeping sheep that experience gained ^ream^lntoJ^iUn^^au^her | who owns 207,871 hectares of land
la worth a lot of money in the future. | ing ^gins. This ia a veiy annoying Regularity of feeding is of the ut- I habit, and wc* used partially to cure it importance for the good of a when we milked half a dozen cows ev-
Like all the weaker things it | :rLZTwe"pou^ %,ter%2^ mto easily frets and becomes discontented. an old 1>ttu kept for that use. This Whvn this happens it loses flesh. The excited the cows' imagination, each sh-.pherd himself gets thin when he is thinking that urine was flowing into
unhappy and ia fretting. And his ‘^J^rinatYwithfn fOe minutes aft^ slwoep will, only more so. Keep the thiî4 wa8 done. If the cow begins to
ehvtip happy and contented and the | urinate in the milking room, stop iho
milking until the urination is mm-plvted, and then cover the place where the urine fell with something that will
German potash
to then, gladdened the heart of man.
“It was in 1854,” said Mr. Napier, “that I left this country for Australia
ma
Of the 38 Sultans who have ruled the
Ottoman empire since the conquest, of Constantinople by the Turks, 34 have | <>a the hark Maroo Polo, which, when
condemned about ten years ago,
was believed to be the oldest sailing
ever
most
died violent deaths
but
sh'ep
The Queen has commissioned Mr. Ca
ton Wood ville to paint a picture of the | craft afloat religious service which followed the battle of Omdurmun
even in the fifties. 1 sailed four voyages from Liverpool to Melbourne, chiefly as purser and second mate, be-
Ihiring last year 2,506 animals were
admitted into the Dog and Cat Home at Glasgow, which starts another year | *OIe 1 caught the mining fever
with over £89 on hand
1857 I started, for the diggings and re-
The smallest cemetery in the world— I uiained there a year and a half.
which <inlly measures 22 1-2x14 feet— went to Hendigo first and then staked
is situated in the tweed manufacturing | a claim at Kingower, about forty miles town of Galashiels, in Scotland
shepherd will be happy and contented
too
Snrnï experience with sorghum for absorb the odors feeding the flock has shown this to be salts arc the best for this use that we a valuable addition to the list of crops know of.	*	.	.	.
for the support of the ewes with un- but it is well repaid in the net ter weaned lambs. This plant renews its quality of winter-made milk, and m the growth after having been fed down, ability to keep winter butter a longei and thus will support,the sheep better | time without spoiling, than any	It
takes the place of turnips of the English shepherd, but has fully twice as much nutriment to the acre as these
Systvrn of management saves a lot of I poultry men in the country, that grmn
ïï$r jsivaiTSis % %% •"
the sheep tagged and numbered, with lo# ^(K)^ 'he woild. It is u food h a record of the animal kept in a list of cannot ha omitted1 from the diet to have
th* sheep by their numbers in a book | th^ best result obtained both in breed-with a wide margin for making notes. | ing rtnd rgg production Ibis saves half the work even if there j most prominent countrymen know this are no more than a score of sheep, hv- to bo a fact there are thousands upon ery shepherd will thus know his sheep thousands of our readers who are still and all about every one of them. By ignorant on the subject. If they this mvthod one will take a much would get one of the cheap bone mills greater interest in his flock than otb- und grind the fresh green bones that erwi.se, with everything iu confusion are now wasted, and feed this fresh
m	_ I bone meal to their poultry in moderate
and some A faç-
onnées and
from the Bendigo diggings, on an arm
The Edinburgh Court of Sessions has I of the Murimbedgic, called the Lodden.
decided that under the Compensation 1 hud been at Kingower about six
Act a workman is entitled to damages | months when 1 found the celebrated though the accident was his own fault.
L<>ngwood, Rmaparte’s house in 8t.
Helena is now a barn, the room in which he died is a stable; on the site partnership with me, and our cook
of his grave is a machine for grinding and general handy man about camp
This makes some trouble,
SOME GREAT EXPLOSIONS.
Napier or Blanche Barkley nugget. My brother, Charles II. Napier, was in
GREEN BONE FOR HENS
Eiffel* Pro4lur<»«l by lhe Large»! Bln* s iiihI IMftiftlfr* Known.
It is a fact that can be proved from
the experience of the most prominent
Prof. C. Munro, says:	Among the
. many accidents which are on record one
corn
was an Englishman, 75 years of age
He is dead now, or
The Emperor 0f China is absolute Robert Ambrose m ister of more than 300,0(10,000 sub-1 if be isn’t, it’s plenty time he
jects, yet he has been deprived of his power by a woman, the Dowager Empress.	,
The first practically successful steamboat was built by Wm 8>mington, of
of thy most notable is that of f if I y-J five tons of blasting gelatine which
was
“The Kingower diggings was small one compared with the Bendigo, j w,ls ln^ unl'-advxi tiom a railway
train at Braamfuntcin, 300 yards west
of Johannesburg in South Africa, on
and didn’t pan out much at first. It was on August 14, at 10 o’clock in the forenoon, that we made the big strike
While the
February 19, 1896, which was exploded L by an end-on collision. The result of
\Yranlockhead mines, fori Lord Dundas
-,w si- ~ """,h-	•yJS -——
Builders of locomotives in Great Bri- shuffling around in the bottom of the Ll^.u uu * ^ mus^	t x-
for one to brag of among his neighbors,	*	Margaret on Edinburgh Castle Rock, the hole for a rest. Just then J this lifiy-five tons of explosive geia-
eariy ^aznbs”unless'^even^due pruvis- CURIOSITIES OF	OUR CALENDAR,	is considered the smallest church in	struck something with my pick. I	tine excavated	about 3D,000 tons of
•on has been made tor the comfort of There are some	curious facta about	^	burned it up so the Light could strike	soft earth
~ SSS MX. scïim L vs:	B£ r ""=*—E	KKS
must have due preparations made for same t alenil.irs can be used every twen- por^on 0f malM to females. The dis- „„r .. ..	.	,	f buildings were shattered and the
them a» to good shelter and the best ty years. October always begins on the parity is maintained in the arrivals	e * m nult> new OUl ° “ roofs were battered in up to about
care for both them and [he ewes. It is Lyme day of the week as January, April ! by sea. At present there are 45 fe- tune was made. Old Ambrose got ex- 1,000 yards, but all these buildings pleasant to have the little things skip- M Julyf September as Dec ember. Feb- | males to every 100 males.	cited, and jumped around till I thought were built chiefly of corrugated iron
Kh^fnr in/nLmenu radon ^or I ruarT» March and	November begin on	Falconry, once the fashionable sport	he’d have the whole diggings down	ami mud,	and,	therefore, were of a
^ aristocracy in England, is again	uym uu Charley and I kept c«d and	bod, wi-'k« in Lhe
It is of the greatest importance that other and every other month in the becoming popular, and the demand for covered the nugget up in the earth and United States, the blowing up of the the sheep should be immediately freed , The fi t , , t , f lhe the birds necessary for this sport is didn't g|o nigh it for the rest of the Hudson river palisades at tort Lee in
pplps
§s™ri pslilsBEE iEEil
ri ta ting fluid into their victims for McBride to his wife.	Windsor.	possible with our picks and sunk a wh n seven tens of powder poured
th.» purpose of making the blood flow Was it a millinery opening.?	! Since the Gordon civilization was L^ft <idwn about six feet underneath into two shafts dislodged a mass ol
more easily. \\ e know what one mos- No, it was a dentist's advertisement; obliterated in the Soudan the slave the table in the tent and buried the rook computed to weigh from 125,000
eataas I e=~bh ; hhhek— h	ass s susses s
than one set of teeth to a customer at barb“ hv cZeral Gordon will be ‘t and dreaming on it, and not a soul explosive gelatine on the interior at the reduced figure.	! auguraled by General Gordon will be l , ^ diggingTany the wiser. Am- Johannesburg, while the powder a I
re-estflonsuen.	broso used	to talk in his sleep, but we	Talcun Mawr was over fony-lwo time,
Of the worlds greatest steamship	f(Mlnd that	a good dose of gin would	as efficient. It is, hence, not turpi is-
companies the two largest are German	>ettle that, and he generally got all	ing that the superficial explosion of (he
Go n do if a glanced lovingly into	the	.. The Xorth German Lloyd fleet	he could cleverely stow away. Some-	300 pound charge» of guncotton throiva
:rzz z	- - aSetiS5535 Sâ&Sé'EsfàS
nr J&srss'Mrss^ -	ic.,. *... w.
. p	^	In her shoes, for just one moment!	william Gray, shipbuilder, Ha rile-	we lx>ught a horse and cart and lit out
talion.	I he spring field, work is done	sh.» moaned, Just long enough for	the	. vni.|and bus notified every cler-1	fotr Melbourne, having in the mean-	A REMARKABLE PENSION.
his neighbor.	lhe vegetable	and fruit ed.	ishes that as a memorial to his late	four nights	to reach Melbourne, and 1	history. It goes as far back as Floddes
garden are not thought of till	the other	father, be will liquidate the debts on '
work i. don,. Iben it is ty> Bt. for NO FAITH IN ANYTHING.	rho,,' ^o.' fb* rm.1 y-rrc.l vic*r-
r„r ,n—"
of farming let to slip without even a she is?	Major Bower, tne well-known Thibe-
fair triaL	Yes; she puts mucilage on the back tan traveller, who has been selected
How differently the work would be ot ever* Postage stamp aher uses
Dun (la s
Besides this there was a
PLANNING THE SPRING WORK.
It is time to begin planning for the spring work, for it will soon be upon us with all its rush and hurry
VENGEANCE
The
ditions tell him he must begin work

hardly slept a wink on the way. l he Field, where his ancestor, the Earl ol
nugget was packed up in a rough t>ox gurrey commanded, and was awarded with some old clothes, and we told everyone we met that we were going to New Zealand.
a perpetual pension of £10 a year for his victorious soldiership. The mon y has been paid annually, century in and century out, ever since, and now the , , with us for fear of being mi -pec ted. I Duke has let the country off for £90$ to proceed to China for the purpose of I when we reached Melbourne we took | down.
raising and commanding the battalion private lodgings, and the next morn-
ti’ifsjsna 6*	% ix.S'vt.oX
uaiet anee of a number of British of-Ueary arrangement* for shipping her,
These will be chosen either end we never saw her again until I I a nse of humor
sJsa.—IgflclS5*SKrf.tse"
WE CARRIED NO ARMS
done—how much better the results if a little time had been given to laying out the work before iZ had to be done. Named your boy after yourself, Mr.
How many «ore gardens to add to the No,°MrY Thompson, we hare named health and comfort of the family and him James after a prolonged family to the caab In the pocket-book had the row-
THE USUAL WAY
GRAVITY
He doesn't succeed bec.tuse he has nc
###PAGE###8###
I.
V



f
t
/
GoTo^r»
All Suits
at
V0e Make
Cut Prices
DURING JANUARY.
A. R. McGUIRE,
THE TAILOR.
3
1
1 tie
0UP Bow
1)^ e
• e
S; liTCBim
To the public for the liberal patronage given us during the Holiday Season, and desire to express our appreciation of the
We have had the best year’s hu-have ever had, and with the
H. S. Dili's Cornu
ARNPRIOR,
It your Watch is sick,
If you are sick of your Watch,
If you want a Watch that will not make you sick,
If you are sick or well and want a Watch.
all vvouk guaranteed for
ONE F EAR.
all ooors OUAH r- N TIED AS
REPRESENTED.
James Boss Gold Filed Case.
ItcmemlM'i' the name
same.
siness wo
Kmpcr >r William of Germany, colubrat-vd hts 40ih birthday on Friday last.
Mr. (5. L Henderson has boon elects PrtM'dotit of the Ottawa H ard of Trade o thocuiront year.
Terrible sn >w storms nro reported from C » rad", causing much destruction to live
« o k and parayztng t radio m many parts. ,	? |n tlHM'IIOttUOlls
A N •* York girl has died from a hot- T2l6 SOCïOt % bwtlm ss doin' b)
ribie blond d:-M.iHt\ as the result of kwa	# _ g ht LlNIllllItt' *
mg a dirty bible in Essex Market Court. 01 SUCOOSS i	lloilM1 • - -
Ore containing from $60*000 to $900,*
(100 per ton has been discovered in a Crip-:iU Creek (Ol ) gold mine. Ore valued .r 55,000,000 is blocked out.
According r » tlie figures published in Madrid, 80,000 Spanish soldier# perished, chit fly horn sit knots, during the campaign in Cuba.
An o .tiro family named Ho as m is reputed to have been drowned while crossing Lake Erie to the Canadian Shore with the body uf one of the children, who died in the t ni ted States.
Tim maikot reports last week state that th • shortage in s ock in the United State
is producing a boom in Canadian export I	,
v and stockera. The prices quoted X3l0 2D TOSS GOOuS
T route lust Thursday for shipping
S4.LV> to 54 To ; er 100 Sleek- $01)aitlllCIlt > to $3.tit).	1	*
Mr. Lpold CharboimoHU, of Iron*
- (,*near Oiiawa, his instructed Mi.
.1. M. Mvl> 'ivjall to sue the Ftdcial g<»i • eminent fur 53,000, alleging that his s n met liis death last fall l»y drown ug in Lichme can «1. It is alleged that there was no iron railing or any other kind of -no* vet ion around the trap-door down •vhich Charbon neau fell.
A French speaking lawyer, who was calivd in give evidence in a case being i	x
t ivd in a Qut bee court last Saturday, in	tllQ SÜk ^
lined to kies the Bible. He gaye two	®
uis for his refusal—tirât, that the !DGD&]?tl2l6Ilt ¦
• ok was clii tv ; nnd second, after a ch an I ;i e was shown him, that it whs an Eng.
Ibble, and lie preferred a French one Hie judge, also French, toll him he u he to he ashamed of himself.
Mr. Charles Broom, who resides in .	^	.
Belt ew aw a, on the On at o shore op • 122 til© Sw2tpl0 site Fort William, tells of a singular oc _	.	.
curretice which happened to hie three DSp2tIvIJ10Ilt
¦ I boys, aged eight, ten and twelve years.
Some days ago the boys harnessed u Imran to a jumper and proceeded across the river t.» Fort William on business The nvvr is very wide there, and a large* spice wa open where ice had been cut
0	r. The drifting snow had dis
guised the surface of the water, and the . ^	.	,
noys drove into the open space. The | Q0121103?wQTS " “
1	minier was entirely of wood, no iron and ! it floated wi>h the three boys on board,
• and the horse managed to gt*i out on the icv and pulled them out in safety. When 't.ey were returning* home in the dusk
general outlook more encouraging
still greater business
, we arv
i' -
«i
I
in anticipation of a
the year which has just been
during ushered in


REDUCTION SALE FOR GASH NOW GOING ON
of all Winter G-oods
Is in always having the RluiiT at the RHJHT TIME and at the kuiht prives. Our customers Ki“w that they can always get just what tiny
The Fall and Winter „f 181)8 will not find
Consisting of Overcoats, Caps, Muffs, CHovos,
Hitts, Moccasins, Underwear,
Horse Blankets, Bolls, &c.
Odds and Hnds half the former price.
UK
rou Tin
want here,
•mon
us behind the inntk. Every department is now filled with «n'y die best goods desirable for a Cani'dian winter—Comfortable Furs, Com for? -able Clothing Comfortable Bedding, etc., etc., and the prices are a« right ns i he combined cHurts of ready money and years of experience possibly make them.
GOODWYN.
Tenders Wanted.
WHITS GOODS :
A i so
mar
marked " Ttmler for * Tender for s« cretmry,"
healid Tenders, riieeseinskrr.M and will In* received by tlw undersigned up to ¦>.tturduv. (lie Hli of Ft-b uury next for a coined- nt I'heenetnxkcr mid secretary lor t lie Clarendon Vhet in X Butter Vo
For clu e • m » k*r two forms nt tende r will liv coiisoH red, li . Iiirly : l Vhu. M'maker to s at.* union it hi,wages vpt per month for in king and «.Xing elies*e and lie p iu milk book, the Company to furnish all supplies necessary.
•j i h « i n« CM maker to state price per 100 pounds for making and boxing rh vse. keeping milk-b ok un i furnishing everything required lo ma nul ici un cheese.
Vlie quantity of cheese man u actun il du* i inii the past year by this Company was 1*7,1)20 pounds.
I'endt i ci a mr the position of Secretary mut* ascertain the nature ami extent of the duties ol that office bv consulting the Bylaws <u i he Com puny wh oh may be seen by c - litng «-i. he undi i dgned.
I i. 1 • vest or i«h> tender not necessarily accepted.
can
Linens, Table Covers,
WHITE G 'ODS REDUCED Sideboard Scarfs
Bureau Drapes,
Everything in
•k
C;i

l'i
for t!ia next month.
Itv xv 111 Min
tMei quoted at
%»-.
filled with fin*
This dt imrtment is
latest novelties in plain and fancy Black ill mu, ranging from L5 edit-per yard to $1 50 per y aid. Color. tf Cash in erea and Surges m nil the désira hie colors for this pchboii « wearing.
GBOCBaiBS.
0
9	0	0
of choice Fresh Groceries
A full line
Scotch and French Plaids in great variety, from 10 cents to 00 cents per
yard.
BEST II.i AN DS BEST gUALlTY BEST VALUES
Cur Coffre, Tea and Cocoa
A. O MURPHY.
Pres. i\ <t B. Co.
- ? —
t Ri'VVTATION THAT IS VNSVKI’AS 10
We have
nothing . old to show you
Il XVK
Shaw ville, Jan. 21. IhW.
rX
• #
n
G. F. HODGINS
V I
/
Tenders Wanted
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
By the School Commissioners of the Munl-•tpallty »•! Bristol for the building of a School House on Loi 1. Range H. Tenders to be In the Secretary** ofll v not later than the Ttli dn> of Februai v next, where plans and spécifié lions for building can be seen; the -<•.<>•'1 Board no! binding themselves pt the Ioaest or a y t ude \
*
. . Departmental Store.
P. S.—Fish.
to ae-
McKKCHNIR,
Sec.-Treasurer.
Bristol, Elmslde P O.. January :3rd.
S
You will tin cl an extensive range of Canadian and English llannelltttes from 4 cents to 15 cents pur yard.
TJP-TO-DATE
ïïotice of Meeting.
\
FURNITURE
f
blankets and
The Patrons of Industry who held their no « lings Ht No. 4 ( vnox's) Boheol House, Clarendon, are requested to attend h meeting of l'alrollh at the said School House on TUvH) Y. the Nth of KE13KU aHY. next at . |U 'cluck p. in., for lh« purpose of settling up have never shown such j the btiHlmss of the lodge All Patrons Interested uiv especially requested tube present.
BY ORDER.
f We mÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ^ÊÊÊÊÊ
a line of White and Cray
{Blankets and Comforters.
0 p G n i n g

Clarendon, Jan. li. 1699.
(oo)
>
CUTHBERTSCT4 & GRAHAM, Main Street, - - Shawviile,
Ivy «en* taking great cae to avoid tin	"GToollATl
i*- «% but suddenly the horse plunged into	Vv ^ VI
1 ut agiiti the horse and juinner wt te TT>h#4ftrtTTAfl r i <1 iial to the occas'Oi, the animal scram-1 WBftWWBW . . . hi id out nf tin ice and brought the jam pur and b <ys safely with him.
ZXi
Si


A. J. JACKSON.
ribbed
with, or without sleeves, or plain, all siz *3. The latest not cities in Ladies Wool, Cash ni en and Kid Gloves.
Have just received from one of tin* most extensive manufacturin'- houses in Canada, one of the largest, best assorted amt »st complete stocks of Fvknitvke ever biought into the county. The display comprises—

Horror Reigns in tbo Philippines
m<
SHAWVIILE, QUE.
N* w Yoik, Jan. 30,—The Herald has
wing :
Maii.la, Pnilippmcs, Sunday.— The Spuiisl: civil pris tiers have not yet been i o’eased. Tales of suffering, hunger and d’ In «t come from the district. Young Spanish girls are forced to live in shame with low-born Indians. Their parents, being powerless, appealed to Aguinaldo. U s reply was a reply from a dishonored child—exacted after God knows what stiff ring—saying she is hnppy and contented. Ladies have mu If j red d shonor to save their husbands from cruel treatment. Five priests have died in one province from hunger and cruelty, al though $00.000 had been sont by the cor poratiou fur their maintenance.
Joint Commission
The Clothing Department. •
f
1
OFFICE CHAIRS,
SECRETARIES' DESKS,
H ALL RACKS,
CENTRE TABLES,
SI RE BO ARDS, (<>f all kinds and prices.) L< )UNGES,
MORRIS CHAIRS,
F ANCV ROCKING CHAIRS,
FANCY REED CHAIRS, ROCKERS and MUSIC RACKS,
SPRING & FIBRE MATTRESSES,
In fact, everything required to furnish a house in first-class style.
Intending purchasers should see these goods before placing tlieir orders. They will he found of superior quality anil finish '"Ta’S
and at prices to suit all.
This Branch has been fully # equipped with all the neccssary requirements, including the best Embalming appliances that could be procured.

BEDROOM SUITES,
DINING ROOM TABLES,
DINING ROOM CHAIRS,
KITCHEN TABLES,
KITCHEN CHAIRS,
DINING ROOM ROCKERS,
KITCHEN ROCKERS,
CHILDREN’S ROCKERS, CHILDRENS HIGH CHAIRS, CHILDREN S CRADLES,
CHILDREN S TOY SETS— (1 Table uud 2 Chairs )

OF ALL STYLUS AND
House & Sign Painter, Wilder Glazier, Decorator.
AT
Confidence in the clothing depart nient was established long ago, bu1 will he largely increased when you the well made, neat.fitting stylish-looking suits wo are selling at $5.00, $0.00 $8.00 and $10.00.
Mens’ fall overcoats, equal to tailor-
at $5.00 to $10.00. Men’s
all siz-s and qua ties, and at the very lowest prices.
ALL PRICES
o
see
ALI. ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO,
\ ESTIMATES FURNISHED.

made, underwear in
o
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND RAT*
The Delecaci68
of the Table#
Are all to bo found here in the Pink of Perfection.
Groceries |
IMPACTION GUARANTEED
O-----

LUMBER IS THE ON LX Q VRHTION YET TO RK
SETTLED.
U1TDE It TAKING
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
January" 27.-Tho BûOtS &%!Cl ShOSS

COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
Dot «it,
Washington special to the News says : | • “Tin* treaty between the United S ate* and Canada will be drawn and signed in l ‘Si than one week after an agreement is «etch d on the lumber taiilf, said a dis-tiugu .'hed nlficnr of the G ivemmeat to-According to this auihnrity the treaty will be divided into a;x sectio is, as follows : —
1 — P lagic sealing, favorable to the United States.
2.—Mining rights, favoiable to the I nfil'd Statua.
3 —Boundaries, give and take.
4.	—Budding warships on great lakes, favnrab'e to the United States.
5.	—It ciproc tytn trade, favorable to the U.filed Slates if an agreement is reached on the lumber question
<>.—Atlantic fisheries, favorable to the V nited S ates.
An agreement has been reached on every sect ion <x?cpt No 6, that of
JOHN KEITH, Principe, p ocity, and this will be settled as soon 143* 154$ Bank St., Ottawa, j as the lumber question i» fixed up.
Mich ,
i

You’ll be glad if you do and sorry if you don’t visit our shoe depart ment, and get our prices on all up-to-date good?. Our store is filled from floor to ceiling with the very latest in Fall Footwear, for ladies and children, men and boys. Our stock is admired by all. Our sales are large, and this year will be a record breaker.
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS---------A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING,
Next Door To G. M. Donaldson’s Jewellery Store

lav
%
Cv Ottawa^
Business College.
(Esht’ollshetl :V2 years.)
811A W VILLE
Write for our Interesting books “Tnvent;
Highest references furnished.
MARION & MARION PATENT SOLICITOUS A EXPERTS
mm
{suffiffiEHusas st
Erir Pré Parlor

- - THE LEADING HOUSE - -
MAIN ST., - • SHAW VILLE.
-----o
Firi) form mm rn a no us August !5lh.
_____	\ pnr.
ni :lient st iff of four experience*! nb!e exIf yon require a Hair Cut or Shave, you |**n le «chers ; thirty two year a of uulntcr-are guarantee I Nailsfaefion nt the Shawviile rupted succès» ; being endorse*) b.v the lvmi-
j lug bust and d ofesslonal men of the
Parties wishing to have their razors bon- of* rile 'fturimJsAsocial oh m e l or dressed cm have th'-m put In excellent ' Canada ; the success of our graduates fihev condition for from W toz i	I arc to bo found everywhere) are points fr,r
/our consideration, semi for new Oat
H.S.D0WD, --- QDYON
I
Hair Dressing Parlour.
reel-
vn.
Try my IIaiu Tonic.

JOHN SMITH. I
I
f
^
