###PAGE###1###
7
fl
rwr

t





No. 5l\ 1 !> ru Xear.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1902.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
LOCALS THAT PAY
• 11 IT
)
FIRST-CLASS
Æ	I farm febicihc
fllE SHAWVlLLEBÂXlfcRï ,	“ '*? - ONLY
IioInIi go to Imison h Photo Studio.
tune ad. Inside page. Fop sale by O. F. Korigins, Shaw ville.
A choice xtock of picture frame mgs at IinisoiiH Studio.
Head Off e
OTTAWA, CANADA.
......... 12,#00,000
......... 1,700,000
Capital paid
OF CANADA.
Important Clearing out Sale of
lUst
Board of Director»:
Charles Maobb, Ehq., Preaide.it.
Giono. Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
no«. O*o. Bryion, Jr.	John Mathrr. Enq.
"b5Ei	E""'
General Manager .. .. Manager

30 Cents per HUu i
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
DRY GOODS - ulu i mmu
fop sale by
THI ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
OEOROHBVRN D. M. FIN NIK
Head Office, • Montreal.
mould-
Bretrhea

IN ONTARIO
Keewatin,
Kemptv.lle,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
do
do Bank St
When Seeing Is Painful
THE DRUG STORE.
Public Notice.
81IAWVILLE BRANCH,
Alriar.dria, Am prior, Avomuore, Bracebridge,
Carleton
Co We n Hawkettbury,
Lanark,
Parry bound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, Renfrew do Rideau St. Toronto, do boidcTAft St. Winchester. Vankleek llill, Smith's Falls.
IN MANITOBA :
Money loaned on approved sernrJty at reasonable rates.
Farmers notea bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
$5,000 worth of Goods to be sold at wholesale prices—many lines under
Dace,
cost price.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hour.»
Saturday# .
S. M. LOGAN.
Sec.-Treas
Dauphin
Winnipeg
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC:
Hull,
fihawinigan Falls.
Agents In Canada, New York and Chicago-Hank of Montreal,
Agms in et. Paul-Verctanli Nat. Bank;
Agents in London, Ecg.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
Advertisers and correspondents are [June	‘°in(’
reminded that we cannot
}
Montreal,
1 jo bute
..	ure the
insertion of matter unless It Is In
hand by Monday noon of each week.
10 A.M. TO 3 r.M
TTom'nrr rl
e «ccidvd to Hell out our present
stock of Dry Goods and Clothing,
offering the entire lot at prices that make a noise far and near.
10 AM.TOl P.M

-?.-- I “gnu change of substituting Friday in
,tordsy». The auditors report was read.
aapl
¦ppiP
Bssasi teiii ' -Æ
Academy and Model department# are , couree, governs all kind# of mail mat- ence; Rev. Wm. Timberlake, of Ottawa Campbell.Tatlob.-Oti June 3rd, in writing at this centre, a larger number ifr» which makes the grievance universal, is Secretary. By the vets of Conference ST^SPSP1 Methodist Church, by Rev. W.
after a lingering illness from consump- L «i i ”8 a clever thing at the last gen- j supei intendency of Rev. T. J. Viokery u*m’ 60 Jessie Campbell, of tion. The deceased was just entering	g^Tg «upport to will include Portage du Fort, Austin, IWaHha'"-
upon the estate of manhood, having only lh._ ¦	®, ”‘° “v ,D,° lnfere*t w;th Kbenexer and Bryson ; Clarendon under , Armsi rong-Tayi.or.-Oii 4th of June,
took place at 10.30 a.m., on Wednesday .1”^!! "hJuTl8 thm. ?e/vice con- arc all young and energetic men. well to the Methodist Church, and thence to	^ =^ould be, would have sue- recommended, and capable of doing good
the Shawville cemetery. ®ve“ th°u^, m opposition, in work. For the first time in its I. story
Lorrain of Pembroke, in presence of the case is properly and forcibly impress- to Calabogie; Rev. T H Dole to Cou" — - fcTSra-^iË
gpsy&p^
HEB âaçs* «ms
into rest about midnight ou Thursday C W nn* last, leaving an aged and devoted hua-	HÜ
hand to mourn her departure. The do- recuver ‘oan 617.80. Judgment for ceased had passed life’s allotted span, * **** having reached the advanced age of 7ti years. .__
F. A. PakKER, Manager
we are will
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Continued
This is no fake, but a genuine clearing-out
sale of a complete stock of the newest and best Goods in the trade.
Mr. John
Clothing for men, boys and Children.
Come and secure some of the big Bargains.
fore us
Take your butter and eggs to T. \V Wilson and get top prices for them.
All farmers produce bought at T. W Wilson & Co's., Shawville.
Terms Cash.—Parties owing for job work at this office are requested to settle for the same at once. \\ e cannot afford to wait for money due on this account.
CASH or PRODUCE.
li. liLison. Photographer, will be at Campbell's Hay on the 10th and Fort Cou-longe the 11th lust. One (lay only in each place.
J. H. SHAW.
arrangements are
was
spoon in in third
Paris...
... Green !
To save time and make your labors
ductive use a good PARIS GREEN.
pro-
to Miss Edith
PERSONAL
Our Paris Green is made according to the Government standard and bears the Government stamp of approval, the best safeguard against a cheap and worthless arti-
Miss Airth, of Renfrew, was in town last week, the guest of Miss Stewart,
Miss Agnes McNaugbton returned to Montreal last week, after a month’s visit in Shaw ville.
Mise McMillan, of Almonte, an expe* rieiH ' d scales-lady, has taken a position in Mr. G. F. Hodgins’ dry goods department.
cle.
In Pounds and Half-Pounds
Tfc Rev. Mr. MeFail, Baptist minister
of Rockland, Ont., was in town on Fri-doy night, the guest of Mr. R. C. Woodley. Be went to Otter Lake on Sat-
urd»j,
Mî. R. C. Wilson s wife aid children T,	.	-— „ .	arrived here on Friday last, and hare
j'LSr	ssSkc* lh*
25 Cents a Pound.
Joseph Roy vs, Wm. Elliott—Action
The R. R. A
THE DRUG STORE,
SHAWVILLE.
X
k
###PAGE###2###
1



THE NEW PACIFIC CABLE. CITY BEING DEC0BATE1).
„2rL.°.r^ r;.T™,b."r.1,l U mêrbi old England
rued.
REMOUNT DEPOTS
! FOR ™ HOME 1
O
Recipes for the Kitchen. • hygiene and Other Notes 1 for the housekeeper. 7
A cupful ef diced oedleh, put	_
boH poifr offthe^viter^ified^foiVwh* NEWS BY MAIL AB0UT
a quart of sweet P milk, a cupful of cream, butter the size of an eag, te boiling point and add a tables ful of corn starch that has been ed with cold milk oyster crackers.
System to Be Discussed by the Imperial Authorities.
LONDON PREPARING FOB THE
CORONATION.
EXPECTED TO BE COMPLETED BY END OF YEAR.
Proposal to Have American Ca-1 Appearance of Age ble Connect With Line at	Addition Built
Fanning Island,	minster Abbey
JOHN
The London Daily Mail says: The important question of the supply of That | remounts to the army in peace and war 1» at last to receive some attention at the hands of the Pall Mall authorities. Before the war an nn-
Occurrcnces ia the Land
Reigns Supreme in the Commercial World.
host

Given to the to West-
ipooit
blend
Scrie hot with p^'^^t^road workhou»»^ ]^V*£ I nual supply of 2,000 horses proved	The steamer Miowcrn, which errlv-l The annex to Westminster Abbey,
adequate. Since the outbreak of at Victoria, B. C., from Sydney, ha» now progressed oulllciently to hostilities that number has been via South Sea ports the other day, j Judge of its effect, says a London I » ij T	n .	4.	, s, v , multiplied a hundredfold annually; brought among her passengers | despatch. It practically lengthens
It is generally conceded that the j -Ahr!!, Zultn thsNur I but the »Wr ,or supplying these Messrs. Lucas and Taylor, of the the west end of the Abbey by 100 spring time is rather a trying period for «a|«, naa gi ^	®	. varying numbers has, unfortunately, pacific Cable Board, who left the feet. It is solidly built of heavy
the family caterer. The appetite, often | /**•* * ‘Î-J t	” not prove* eumciently elastic. The cable-laying steamer Anglia at Suva, timber in the same design arahiteo-
as fickle as the weather, oUmors for ^	/	*	Secretary of State has, however, after the vessel completed the laying turally as the Abbey. It ie b<!*>g
•ometuiag new, something	fresh ami	1 he Middlesex C ounty Council	has	tackled the question with a	view to	Cf the cable to the Mjis, and	are	faced with cement and treated	so
savoring of the earth. This	lenglug is	decided th purchase Christ •	Col-	the provision of a remount	depart/-	bound to London, where they	will	as to appear discolored by a*e.	The
not due to caprice, but, probably, shows ; lege, Finchley, for the purposes of a	ment that will be able with ease to	j0jn (be steamer Celonia, which is,	battlemcnted tops of the walla and
unsupplied need of the system, j Polytechnic.	supply the peace wants, and also be	now taking on board many miles of |	the traceries in the windows are
especially In the ease of children. Chlo- At Newport, Isle of Wight, it	is	prepared in times of emergency to	cable near Greenwich. The Colonie	now sufficiently sdvan(ed Is show
ride of sodium (common salt) and lime, proposed to light	beacon fires on the	increase this supply up to as many	WjR esn shortly from London for	how	highly successful the imitation
both important elements in the forma-1 downs encircling	the Wight, as at	as a quarter of a	million per an-	Victoria and Bamfleld Creek, to	is.	The cement is being celvorly
tion of teeth and bone and in malnten-1 the Diamond Jubilee.	' num.	complete laying the cable from the tinted and roughened and a worm ap-
ance of the integrity of the system, are| gome jeney cattle bel orbing	to	Tho ,(Iea of breeding their own	utter point to Fanning Island,	pearance being given to it.
largely found in fresh fruits, vegetables ^dy (\e Rothschild were sold	at	horses has been practically aban-	where connection will bo made with	The route of tho coronation pro-
and grains. Often the supply of fresh	Ashton, Clinton. One of the cows I doned by tho	War	Office, who	now	the cable-laying	steamer Ang:ia,	| cession is now in	gigantic splints
fruit and vegetables is limited during	foun(1 a purchase^ at £220 10e.	consider that	the	registration	#yw-	which has started	to load from Suva	and its appearance	has been com-
the winter season, and the system is	rfoor-knock#r	I is the most practicable, as wall to again fill her cable ranks. Efforts pletely transformed. The Abbey it-
now calling for elements that	have been	* nuv Woodfall of Surbiton	rat	as tbe leil8t c*P«ns,ve- A®	f»r Hare being made in Now Zealand	to	self is being almost completely	hid-
wanting. True, common salt has been	, window-of th* wrL	poa,,ble the colonies are to	be In-	have the American cable, which	is	den from view by enormous stands,
supplied in the food, and lime may hare, " 1 u *	«.rrest.d as n hùZ vitcd to “PP1* ft cortain «umber of t0 connect with San Francisco and it is estimated that there will be
been given; but these crude substances	| horses annually. Canada has agreed Honolulu, connected with the British 13,000 seats on the stands, which
are not identical with the lime and salt *	'	to furnish 500 Canadian horses per cable at Fanning Island. Sir | will give a view of tho procession as
contained in fruit, vegetables and !	In the presence of a large congrcga-	annum, which	will	be full-grown and	Joseph Ward, in	a recent interview	j it approaches the	Abbey entrance,
grains. Here these substances have n*011 t wo (leaf mutes were married in	trained by	the Canadian	local Wellington, stated that the New	! With the exception	of a large stand
been organized and fitted for appropria-, ( J,r,s^ ( hurch-	"eston-super-Maro.	troop», at a cost	of £20,000 an-	Zealand Government for their part j	at St. Paul’s which will accammo-
ganized state, 'tier tend’ V cllifurVtf: I TttiL brideflmAld	was also deaf and	nually. Australia	will also supply	^e agreeable to a proposal made	date	1,600 people there are few
Another good way to serve beets is to	gestion. The	evidence is strong that	Tho ma* Wilkinson. who	elnimvu	&9u0&i ffiîfScS isTcPbe car-	ciol''Pacific" Cable Company? whose j I’tVelVoiT account of	the* narrowness
chop them and heat up in good sweet,	comraon 6alt. In exeeas, may cause kid-	be the oldest chimney-sweep	tn Eng-	ried out	mere extensively and much	engineer, Mr. Dickinson, was at Hon-	of the	streets. But	everywhere else
melted butter, plenty of it, season wv.U	np? disorders, leading	even to Bright’s	land, ha» died at Holton, aged	86.	more carefully,	and the services	of	olulu	whon the	Mlowera left there,	Uie	stands arc going un	daily for
salt and white pepper	disease.	h(*a,n cleaning flues when he	was	a special	staff	c: purchasers are	te	examining sites	for a cablo landing,	the	short procession on the first day.
A beet uash is relished for the farm*	Bananas are	shvays available; and.	a	boy of six.	be engaged They will re(eive ft re-	The United States company has so-	The	seats are	offered at high
er’a supper sometimes, t hop beets v t	when perfectly	ripe, many can eat them	While cleaning windows	on	a third	taming	salary of three or four	lactcd San Francisco as their Pacific	prices,	but there Is	no great rush
have stood in vinegar an	hour	or i	©	in a raw »tate.	For	others the starch	floor at Stemey, a young servant	Pounds a	week,	which will be largely	coaflt	j^ing.	It is doubtful if the	for	the big procession.	Prices aland mix with an equa	qua	• y	ln composition	needs	be changed by	girl named Ellen Dobbs lost	her	increased	whon	their services	other	colonies participating in the	ready show a tendency	to decline
chopped potatoes, beason weu w i . cooking to more assimilable sweet sub- balance and was impaled oil the area a°tually requisitioned.	cost of tho British Pacific cable will and the public evidently expects
pepper and plenty of butter or bed dances. Oranges are plentiful, and railings beneath.	The military attache» at the vari- ever ^^ee to have the connection 1
SIMnPpsSK
plenty of water and add I and courage” in the enervating days of	a locomotive steam engine on A *A ge 111	? t «t	' submarine cable to Norfolk Island, street. There is a large central arch
a little salt while cooking, drain off the the spring time. Even sorrel that a local tram road.	from wh,ch P°,nt the deep-sea cable and two smaller ones in the Gothic
water and add a cupful of rich sweet j grows wild, or that which ia found in| The Hastings Hydropathic, a large	J	° r„ri	'' . 1was stretched to Now Zealand, and style. supported by slender red and
OTcam when the carrots are drained; the city market. should not be over- building aurroundod by extensive [to {,.Lrrier“ ,h hnLl!, “	> g h thence to Suva.	white column., tho whole eerered
season with white pepper.	j looked. Thoroughly washed, wiped dry grounds, has boon purchased by the 111 ine an °	Ilfce*	TOSSED IN A CYCLONE. with cloth of gold and decorated
Carrots are also good cooked in length- j and broken or cut in pieces, it gives Réparatrice Order of tho Nuns of	__ About 2 300 miles of cable was with ihe shields and arms #f the
wise slices until nearly done, and then tone to a salad, or in sufficient quantity the Perpetual Adoration.	lai(1 and^ilurlng tho work the cable counties of the United Kingdom and
dipped in flour and browned in butter.	It may be used for a cream of sorrel	A Masonic Lodge is in course	of	I	M A Iff	flip	if I MV	MfîDTITflQ	ship* was tossed in a heavy cyclone.	Ireland. On the summit there I» an
pickled carrots are also good, but, like !	soup. A quart of sorrel is required to	formation at Seaford, Sussex,	of	Jlliiil	Uf	ill All I	51 UlMJJOlIW)	which imperiled the cable steamer!	open balustrade of pinnacles on
pickled beets, sre much better when’ ! make about a quart of soup. Ten min- which the Speaker of the House of	- and	Bor steam gear away, *hich St. George, St. Patrick, St.
fresh cooked. Cook small carrots whole j utea» cooking in a cup of water will suf- Commons, whose country seat is in TRIAL 0F MUSCLING THE as well as smashing one of her Andrew and St. David are grouped and in salted water; when well done ficc Then drain the sorrel, discarding the vicinity, is one of the promot-	ttattàw tiantitt*	boats to splinters, which was stored around the lion. ’The balustrade is
M T with vinegar and serve hot. 1 hey , the ^ter, chop fine and finish as any era.	•l.-uu'i baba* a.	Qn the bri(]gc dc^kf thirty-five feet decorated with flowers and shrubs,
are also good served hot, with just a	cream 80lIpf using a pint of broth or	The welcome announcement	has	above the water line. The steamer’s	Tho arch at Hyde Park comer has
little vinegar, plenty of butter and a j	roi]k with the sorrel for the foundation	been made by the Prince of Wales	He Has	Become a Popular Hero.	fight with tho cyclonc wafl rendered I two sots of six columns decorated
good seasoning of pepper and salt. | 61UCC| and cream for the rest. As sor- that recent promise» of support^for	—Crowds Gather to See	most difficult owing to tho fact that with the royal arms and those of
Salsify.—This is one of the most <	| re) |oge3 Rs color in cooking, epinach the King's Hospital fund would in-	Him.	8bo bad to protect the cable paying India and the chief colonies. The
lirions of ?•«©tsble^and a salsify soup | juice .g neC(led for tinting. A suspicion crease the income from investments	of Musolino, the brigand, out from her stern. During the buf- columns will be linked with wreaths
iüÈspn	HSH
mm*	-..-
should be well drained before the cream teristics of either.	the Linen and Woollen Drapers’ In-
is added. They are also good cooked In addition to their lightness they stitution, with a further £10,000 to-wlole or sliced, drained when done and	leave “only two or 3 per cent, of	wards	t he	endowment	of	the eame.
very liberally buttered. Another way	residue; do not form clinkers; do not	The	old	Roman	pharos	at
Is to melt butter in a frying pan, slice melt or run; burn without smell or Castle is being roofed in by order of very light. The argument made by Do you propose to raise the Royal the onions therein and cook slowly smoke; do not absorb moisture; will	the military authorities,	in	order to	the	defence is that	he was driven to standard on your premises or pro
until done. Onions are a great cure- float on the water; do not explode;	prevent further decay.	This	inter-	his	later crimes by	an overwhelming ^ty at the coronation? asks
all and should be very plentifully used and are not liable to spontaneous	e9ting relic dates back	to	a	period	sense of injustice which	made him
on the home table. Potatoes wanned} combusion under any circumstances;	helorc the Christian era.	It	was	morally irresponsible for	his actions,
nice, for a change, mixed with I will keep indefinitely, retaining all	usod by early Romans as &
their qualities of combustion; give house.
Cabbage Is delicious cooked in plenty off a very white flame eight to ten of water after being shredded, seasoned	inches high; produce twice as much
with salt and white pepper while being	heat as coal; can be used in any
eccked, drained when done and served	kind of furnace, and are easy and
hot with plenty of sweet cream poured agreeable to handle.” over it, or milk may be substituted it is believed that this new form with the addition of butter. Cabbage | Gf fuei will be found particularly la almost as dainty as asparagus or I valuable for torpedo boats and, in celery served as above.	case of emergency, for larger ves-
Apple Butter .—This is a good old- sel». Tho briquettes occupy only fashioned recipe for making this deli- one-half the space necessary for coal, compound. Boil sweet cider until and it is calculated that a boat It is reduced to half Its original quan- which requires 2,080 tons of coal to tity. Pare and eut in small pieces, steam a given number of miles can about three-fourths as many apples by cover the some distance with 1,000 treasure as you have boiled down cider, tons of petroleum briquettes add the applr* to the cider and boil to j Again, tho saving In space which a pulp, stirring and stirr/ug to prevent would be made possible by the use burning. The apples are sweetened | Qf this condensed fuel would enable when one fourth their weight of sugar, ja ^jp to carry a much larger car-cirnamon and cloves are tied in a loose go Moreover, it is said that a cheese cloth and suspended in the boil- bont u9ing briquettes can get up Ing fruit. ’ Cook until the whole mass	in from one-quarter to one-
is thick and rich. When done it may | third tbe time ordinarily required
when coal ther, that no
combustion.	I	H
The principal object of expense In
of the new fuel The other in-
ti

gate-koevor. lie is a Cambridge
graduate.
SEASONABLE RECIPES
THE TRYING SEASON
There are more ways than one to
of the standard dishes Then why samolHH
prepare many of > egeteblee cook in tho
excellent appetizers, but are rarely served on the common table except as pickles or with vinegar.
Creamed beets are a delicious dish which once tried will become a standard home dish. Cook beets until very tender ; it will take an hour or more to cook them. When done remove the akin and cut in very email pieces, make ready a good cream dressing or one of drawn butter if you have not the cream, and pour over the beets, sea son with white pepper and salt and serve hot.
A good rule for tae dressing is a cup of sweet cream, a level tablespoonful of flour or corn starch, mixed smooth in cold milk or cream, stir into the cream when boiling hot. Just let come to a boil and pour over the hot beets, ior drawn butter, two tablespoonfuls of butter melted and a tablespoonful of tLuir stirred into it, but not browned.
always
Beets
way ?
are
supply tho peace wants, and also bs now taking on board many miles of | the traceries
t° cable near Greenwich.
some
boil
A FURTHER REDUCTION
are
te
asthma Slices, cook in
cover
any one save an exceedingly rich man to dream of purchasing it, so vast is the cost of its maintenance.
Although best known as the home of the last three Dukes of Buckingham and Chandos, it owes its origin to that Lord Cobham who was one of the principal lieutenants of the first Duke of Marlborough. Indeed, there is a good deal in common between Stowe Palace and Blenheim Palace, the creation of the first Duke of Marlborough, Stowe being decidedly the more magnificent of the two. Its facade is a thousand feet long, and the area of the buildings alone is enormous.
Among tho features of the place
the so-called
murders
THE ROYAL STANDARD
REGARD HIM AS A MARTYR.	---
It seems probable that his sentence The Quartered Emblem May Cost Dover I if indeed he is convicted, will be	Each User £500.
*
»
?

the
London Express.
If you haul it up without Home light- Such is the argument which appeals offico authority you can be fined us successfully even to the Tuscan good | much £500. sense. Public opinion in Calabria does not oven seek £0 excuse the
over are onions.
There arc no penalties against flying the national Jack, but the quar-murderer Jn that place his crime# tered emblem is the Insignia of roy-are completely justified.	alty and royalty’s presence, and
Musollno # uncle, Hla#to,_ created where seen must be saluted by tho a great impression when he went on | King’s soldiers and sailors, is not such an uncommon 1 the stand in the courtroom at Luo- Greenwich Borough Council have thing,” said a physician, “to finrl « ca. l ilasto is a man of sound com- jU8t found this out in correspondence a person whose pulse beats can be mon sense, of unsullied record and w^h the Home Office on the question plainly seen, and yet I suppose there very much respected. Although he, whether a Royal Standard might be are but few outside of the profee- i lived at Santo Stcfano, the enter# raised oVor their own hall. As a region who realize the fact. In most > of his nephew s murderous exploits, g^it of tho negative reply, they arc persons the beat of the pulse cannot he regards Musolino as "a gentle- going to fly the Union Jack be perceived, but tho mere fact that man” who merely discharged his i "if Greenwich really wanted to fly the beating is perceptible does not duty in securing justice by hie own the King’s emblem,” said an official
the pulse is other than hands.	| the other day, ”no one would have
I have come across a num- | Filas to resembles the best type of taken any notice, least of all the
warship» In the Thames. But since the question was raised they had to have the legal answer.”
“What about the private firms who use the royal arms?” asked our representative.
“Yes, they are liable unless they have drapers
royal arms, although the royal consent or letters patent are needed if freedom from penalties is desired.”
“Then there is an indiscriminate use made of the royal flag and arms?”
STRONG PULSE BEATS
Cases in Which They Are Percept
ible to the Eye.
are the trees around Bourbon tower, planted by King Louis XVIII. of France, who spent much of his exile at Stowe as the guest of tho first Duke of Buckingham. The second Duke entertained the late Queen Victoria and the Prince Consort there in the early days of the Victorian era, and the place, after having been rented to the late Count of Paris, from the time of hi» banishment from France his death, ia now in the pos-Lady Kinlos», eldest heiress of tho last Buckingham and Chandoa,
It
Clous
I

mean that
her of cases where the throbbing of his fellow citizens. It is an indict-the wrist could be plainly seen, and mont of the justice of Italian tri-yet the persons rarely gave evidence bunals, an appeal to which does not of abnormality in temperature. They I enter into the mind of the honest rarely feverish, and were in I Calabrian. Official justice is costly
condition generally. | and slow and is suspected of being
g The Calabrian frill have it, preferring the personal
until
session of daughter and
Duke of
and a peeress in her own right.
She is married to Captain Morgan-
of the
WMWÊÊ
w£ût~
Pulses of this kind, from this view, j corrupt, which is based upon actual observa- , none of lions of cases, do not indicate any- | vendetta thing more than an abnormal physical condition in the formation of the wrist veins.
“I have met with one case which was possibly a little extraordinary, in that it. was plainer and much
ever
It could almost be heard. The artery would rise to a point almost a» large as the ball of the little finger of a child, and would change from the white of the skin to a blood purple with each beat of the pulse. I found it easy to count the pulse beats without touching tho patient’s wrist. I could see plainly enough to keep the record, and order not to err in my calculation.
I tested it in several ways and found it was correct and that there was no mistake in naked eye."
Grenville, a former	officer¦
army, nnd at her death the title of Lord Kinlose will pass to her son. Though well off she is not rich enough to live at Stowe or to keep the place empty year after year unrented. For she has found no tenant for it since the death of the Count of Paris
endeavoring to sell it, and the per-HVwho buys it will by reason of its possession become at once one of tho most conspicuous and influential fig* ures in the aristocratic County of Bucks, where beautiful country seats
be put in jars or even butter tubs or half barrels, if there is enough of it Apples Cooked in Butter.—These are not fried according to the ordinary acceptance of that term are pared and put Into a granite ware dish, which has butter heated hot in it, the dish is set in the oven, the apples sprinkled with a little salt and sugar to taste, bake until tender and serve ry hot.
Another way to cook apples is to pare and quarter them, or If one likes, use red-skinned apples and do not pare them, simply quarter and core them. Put into a crock or a regular crockery besnpot, cover close after sprinkling liberally with sugar, put in an oven not very hot and let bake for hours. The oven should not be hot enough to bum them at all, but the longe* they are baked the richer and more delicious they will be. Spltzenberg apples, Northern Spy or Baldwins are especially Ins cooked ia this way.
i» employed: and, fur-smoke attends the
Pastry cooks, and institutions use the
It now seems as if the result of the present trial, instead of bringing "home to the rest of Italy the fact that Calabria is a semi-barbarous province that lacks all but the most elementary institutions of civilization will rather be the Increase» If possible, of the prestige of the vendetta.
The apples
the manufacture seems to be the oil gradients contained In its composition and the labor and machinery cost comparatively little.
That is why she is now
son
more distinct than any I had
“To some extent,” replied the official, “although no action has been taken."
Thus the royal arms on the bun bag or programme may not be legal without letters of patent or appointment, and no shik or building (an fly the Royal Standard without warrant or the presence of the Sover-
ve
You don't think so much ns you used to do Jg(HHe: “Of You and I, you
She
of me, Charlie before we were married course not, Carrie know, are now one, and it would be egotistical to think too much of oneself.”
there are so many
Grandmamma—“What are you doing in tho pantry, Tommy ?” Tom-my__"Oh, I'm just putting a few things away, gran'ma.”
X.—“I am surprited at the appearance of your friend B. He looks wretched. Do you know If he has boon disappointed in love ?
he has been disappointed in
The County of London has 35,9.98 to the square mile, the
"What do you think of a friend who would not venture to plunge into the river for you when you were drowning?” asked the sentimental member of the ctub. "I should say replied Spicer, “that hi® friendship was all on the surface.”
eign.
Coronation decorators will need to cast aside come of their stock.
i
persons County of Westmorland 84.
Before iharriage a man seasiders
**.» 1er
Z —
his best girl a little defy*	j
marriage he usually seueiders hi/ a U/Ue extra vegant.
Towns «over 4& million acres out of 33,000,000 acres in England and
Wales.
counting with the
No
marriage.
1
A
###PAGE###3###

,.
“•	*« v V ' ‘
_ _ jyr- f '	^



1






i
%

I
’
!
êâé**#êêêê*ê*êêilêê*ê*â nnd delicacy from his facile pen, put
his name in the mouth of all Lon-# I cion.
j Of course, his world professed no astonishment. It was only what they hud prophesied all along. And I more than ever now did they pity 1 fp him	mesalliance. iMÊ/ÊKKEÊKKBIM
I reminded them mildly that ho HOW TO GET GOOD HIRED HELP did not seem to consider it in the !	, ,	,	,	Ai a
Min* light, but invoked an Indig-1 Tt *’oul(l seem that the question of mint chorus instantly:	«•?“¦***	and reliable farm help
Of course ho protended to he quite ni|Kht lie simplified by making the
¦ ¦¦ ¦	| laborer feel that he m wanted on the
farm. No one is ambitious who knows that he is hired only because
GENERAL INFORMATION.
#*#é#**<M>#***#éé*******#ê**<'»***»***********
Circumstances Under Which jïj Ihey Were Fired.
h
*

FIRST SHOTS
« IN WARS.
Tit-Bits of Knowledge Which You
Shpuld Read
U
!
I
\
ton
An express engine consume» gallons of water per mile.
A cow's hide produces 35 pounds of leather awl that of a horse about 18 pound.
It is proposed at Valencia, Spain, to tax all the church bells in the
.1
»***$,******$**?******

>
*
I.
#$$$$*»$$**$#$$$#$$$$$(*$**#****+*************
Metaphorically speaking, the world stood still when the new» went forth of the projected alliance between young Frank Va r ley and Mary Markham. 1 confess, even to me,
upon and overwhelmed him, and I believe ho felt for a long time like n marked and doomed mail; an outcast and an accursed one cd with him I do not recall, but 1 believe hie death was tragic.
FRANCO-MUSS!AN WAR.
Tlie first shot In the Frunco-Prus-slan war was fired by a French soldier who was on guard at Strasburg bridge, and blazed away across the bridge at a party of Germane. The incident occurred early In August, 1870, a day or two before the Emperor Napoleon 111. formally took the field.
It is always difficult to find out who fired the first ehqt in a war. Either u war begins in a scrimmage, in which several persons arc engaged at the same time, or, if the honor or the calamity belong to one man, several claimants are always found for the place, says the London M. A.
cordent, and in love, and all that, but every one could see plainly that
it was only pretence."	I .	,,	, . , I	.
"A woman like that!" summed up	be 18 actually needed by a m:m who
pilll08i.pl.it though I am by nature,	oJd Ul(i FttI.,ol„h ativi,lly but	would discharge him any minute If
the announcement came as some-	then, Lady *'ar;0j„h is a v.il,-ui- old	1,is services could he dispensed with,
wluit "I a shock	woman. Moreover, she possesses mi Possibly if the wages were fixed at
r rank was such a tremendous fa.v- j unnjurr|efj daughters "without a u reasonable rate for the year, and Olilo with everybody, who hud wel- , or l(lva tM.yo,„| babies and din- n"1 cut down to board and a mere coined him as their pel and darling Ilt,rHj"	pittance in winter, the tendency
ever since, a mere sunny-faced Htriy- , happened to know, at first hand, would he to induce good help to ling, he made his bow to society.	that Mrs. Varloy, though certainly •Diy
From the first they decided he was n() p-,anjst herself, was yet wrapped ! Again the farmer should not de-
to be a second Paderewski, and every ^eai t and soul in music and revelled mum# more than a reasonable day'» musical composition he sent forth i in prank's gf.n|U8i '	'	work. Don't work a full day in the
was as extravagantly admired and	since that first meeting 1 had come	Helds and then crfmpel the hired help
extolled ns if he hud in very truth	nCrnSf. her continually ..t Mrs. King-	lo do the chores, hut stop the outr
borne that magic name.	! «ton's. Mrs. Kingston had, in the si,lc work early enough to leave
Frink himself—handsome, gay, do-	^nguage of the day taken her up.	time for milking. It is not wise to
bon air—cordially appreciated his	AmJ jt wa# iuiuizjiy^, the transform-	do unnecessary work on Sunday;
easily-gained laurels.; and if it all	fttion Hjl0 }ia(j ufïecled in the too	there is enough that has to be done,
slightly turned his youthful head,	lJn,Vftin V()Ung woman. The pretty,	Possibly, too, it is unwise to let the
y-.-t his conceit was so frank and so	untidy hair was waved loosely back	hired man’s pay run. Pay him reoutspoken that to his women friends	from the low brow, and coiled be-	gulariy at the end of the month to
at least it was rather a naive at-	com|ng|y ut the nape of the neck;	keep him in necessary spending
traction than failing; while the men	tho BhviieBa %nd awkwardness had	money. The man who indulges in a
accepted it tolerantly, ns a pardon-	; nlmost entirely disappeared, and	«pne after every pay day is not
able attribute of hi» genius.	\mith them the unbecoming nervous good help under any condition, and
guns.	,	,	. Somehow no one had ever enter- ^ of thu ghoulders; while, us for had better be discharged.
During a busy time the twenty	tained the idea of his marrying sud-	her ,|re8S ^ was	as tasteful	and	If it is possible, il is well to make
leading hotels in London accommo-	denly, more especially an unknown	ft |ft IIlo(p, ^ yjrs	Kingston’s	own.	n good man feel himself a	part of
date about 18,400 guests every wife of his own choosing.	Gould mere man mv more?"	I the family as it were. Do not rclo-
night.	That was where the sling lay.	Frank himself had altered a good gate him to a side table and make
Crows	have	no	fewer	than	twenty-	Frank, the elegant, the fastidious	deal since his marriage—grown quiet-	him sleep in the stable, hut give
seven different	cries,	each	distinctly	nnd refined, with his artistic temper-	cr ,,iyl graVer—older, it seemed; his	him a good bed and board. Dock-
referable to	a	different action.	ament and passion for the beautiful,	boyjsh spirit8 wero aot quite so in-	ing on stormy days, letting pay day
One small	portion of the Wnnkie	to choose as wife such a hopeless	defatigable as they had been, and ho	come irregularly, and making the
coal field in Rhodesia is estimated	woman ns Mary Markham!	sunned himself less	often, and	with	hired man feel the family	is above
to be capable of yielding 1,000 tons	The loud nnd desparaging descrip-	lcfls HntiKfnction, in	the eulogies and	him generally w a pretty	sure way
per day for 100 years.	lions of the timorous young woman	flattcrjes	()f	^ia admiring	circle,	lo sicken even	a	good hand. Farm
A person	in	Paris can'now speak	who had dared to rob society of its	Sometimes too I caught a look of	work at ils best is confining,_pu|
by telephone	to Cologne, but only	favorite, made me quite anxious to	troub|0 jn’ b|s' mimy blue eyes,	need not be irksome if 1he farmer,
by way of Berlin, which makes the	meet the original. And I confess	strangc|y	ut	variance	with	his	bril-	by his exercise	of	judgment aivl gen-
distance about 1,000 miles.	that when I did, shortly after the	]jant'circumstances.	erosity, treats	his help as he would
Seventy-one per cent, of British	marriage, my first Impression was	‘	like to be treated	were he in a simk
is untilled, Off per cent, of	that tile accounts had been surpris*
French, 53 per cent, of German, and jngly unexaggerated.
90 per cent, of Norwegian.	She was almost painfully shy and
Nearly 4,000 persons arc accident- retiring—worst possible accoutrc-ally drowned every year in Eng- monta for society encounters, causing hind. Of these only 150 are skat- pCr instantly and scornfully to be ing accidents and 200 from bathing, stigmatized us awkward, dull, and In Germany all workmen, scr- empty of ideas. Then, she was quite vunts, and clerks above sixteen, and plain, possessed rather a squat figgetting less than Sf>oO a year, arc ure which she dressed atrociously, obliged by law to insure («gainst old nmi had not the slightest idea of
how to make the most of the scant attractions she could boast of.
IIow she had cv er attracted the young musician was a complete puzzle to everyone.
Frank, himself, however, was obviously content with his prize.
town
of the average cost» about
The screw alone sized Atlantic liner
138,500,
Fourteen execution» take place yearly in the United Kingdom, 710 in India.
How it end-
P
once extinguished may in on Austrian
A candle
never be relighted Royal palace.
The biggest University in the world is Paris, with 0,300 students. Oxford has 1,800.
Nobody knows why a horse arises from the earth on its forelegs hist and a cow on its hind logs.
Out of one hundred deaths in London, forty take place in winter and
only twelve in summer.
Three million tons of timber, worth $4,000,000, are cut in the forests of the world every day in the
THE CRIMEAN WAR

The war between Russia nnd the allies began with the invasion of Moldavia and Wnllachia by u Russian army, many months before the diplomatic rupture occurred Russia, France and England many shots Russians faced ists
between and
were fired before the their real antagonist the first shot fired between English and Russians was in June, 1854, when a Capt. Butler, of the English army, who was temporarily attached to the Turkish army, was reconnoiteving on the defences of Sillstria, which was besieged by the Russians. His voice was heard outside the works by a Russian sharpshooter, who fired into an embrasure, killing Butler.
On the 7th of July, 1854, took place the battle of Gulrgcvo, on the banks of th< Danube, and although
TURCO-RUSS1AN WAR
The bombardment Truns-Caumsia, on was the occasion of the first fired in this war. At the same time Hobart Pasha, in his yacht the Rethymo, ran the gauntlet from Rustchuk on the Danube, past the Russian guns at Galutz, under cover of night
ners detected gttÊKÊÊKÊÊÊKKM
Pasha kept well in under the shore so that tJio gunners wove unable to depress the gun muzzles sufficiently the British army hud not arrived, j to take accurate aim, and, after the hero for the first time the Russians ! Rethymo had passed, the puslm pent faced Englishmen, for the Turks wore » shell into the Russian camp. At commanded by Gen. Cannon — n the same time there were affairs of general officer of the Sepoy army outposts’’ in one or two spots where (serving temporarily as a p%xsha). A the Russians and lurks fared each Capt. Bent, leading 300 riflemen, other on the Roumanian frontier, charged the Russians, driving them Thus was war beginning in several from their tents and across the Don- localities ut the sumo time, am ubo. And so Capt. Bent would nothing is recorded which would help probably have as much claim as any- Vo identify the first shot one to have fired the first shot in the Crimean war proper—that is, exclusive of the earlier Moldavian fights.
THE INDIAN MUTINY.
of Poli, in April 32, 1X77,
shots
year.
Within three
put Into the field 5.600,000 T95,000 horses, nnd 4,804
months Germany
the
could
The Russian gun-thu yacht, but the
men
A USTI10-PR U SS 1A N WAR
IV
Most biographies of Bismarck make the attempt on his life, on May 7, I860, the starting of this war. Bismarck Knew if he forced on the struggle his whole career depended on while ho was still was walking down Linden, that Karl Blind’s son fired a revolver at him. Bismarck used the attempt and the wave of public enthusiasm for him at Berlin to break down such governmental opposition ns was being offered to his policy, and, from a dramatic point of view, that revolver shot in the Unter den Linden might bo culled the “first shot" in the seven days' campaign widen ended in Sadowa.
SPANISII-AMERICAN WAR.
lur position
Young Mrs. Varley fell ill. It was quite sudden; only a cold at first, but it settled on her chest, and turned to pneumonia, and her life
in danger.
With this trouble Franks’ genius collapsed like a pricked ubblc. lie never touched pen or paper from the first moment of her illness week he ghost.
For three weeks she was desperate-
JMPROVED FARM LIFE
Early in May, 1857, the episode of "the greased cartridges’' led up to some insubordination among the troopers of the Third Regiment of native cavalry stationed at Meerut, and commanded by Col. Carmichael Smyth, who was u severe and unpopular officer. Smyth ordered a parade for purposes of reprimand, and for troops to receive the hated new ammunition. Eighty-five troopers failed to appear. A court-martial was held, and all the eighty-five, with the exception of eleven youngsters (let olT on account of their youth) were sentenced to ten years’ hard-labor Imprisonment.
On May 9 the sentence was executed on the parade ground, the regimental armorers and smiths shackling leg-irons on the men. while their comrades had to stand by nnd see them degraded.
May 10 was Sunday, and a blazing hot day. Rumors were about that mischief was brewing, but the Europeans took no precautions. The chaplain's children's ayah besought her mistress Ings were disregarded church time trouble was reported In the Sepoy lines nnd Col. Finals, commanding the Eleventh Regiment, rode down to the Sepoy camp was a popular, warm-hearted man, and much liked by Sepoys. Strong in his belief in them, he rode fearlessly straight in among themg|| was actually remonstrating with them when a young soldier of the Twentieth Regiment discharged his
the cohrnvl, but only Again he fired.
the bullet hitting the colonel in the
In n
was
The conditions of the life of thf farmer are better than they wcri a half, or for that matter a quarte: of a century ago. He is not isolat,	, ed. He has a better chance of ed«
11	*1 ncating his family; his wants are
I better supplied; bi% home is more comfortable; he has not to travel for days in a team to find a market; nor docs he have to stand around all
,	,	,	,	,	„ , day to find a buyer; the railway and
hope was abandoned, and . r-	relieve him of these hard-
lev's hours on this earth numbered
the issue, and it was
undecided, nnd the Unter den
was a white and haggard
age
800
Germany,
In Nuremberg. ¦ workmen are employed making lead soldiers and lend toys. They turn out about 100,000 lend soldiers a
ly ill.
Then the bulletin went out
that
That night, to everyone’» amaze-1	b^own'tootT «
mtnt, Frank appeared at the c u j. i perform other mechanical work in •'How lsr—your wife? someone which he is unskilled, while his wife questioned with an efioit.	and daughters escape the drudgery
‘•Dying Irank replied briefly. of cloth weaving, cheese making, He stood up and faced them vith fitc To cnjoy aJ| these things, the
his young drawn face.	.	railway, the middleman and the
"There is something - I wanted skilled mechanic must bo paid, and to say to you, he announced, oic- ^ the farmer is the primary pro-mg his words. They stared at m ducer of wealth, there is no other in silence. He drew a great. >rea i, lan yg t devised except by a di-and passed his shaking hand across | vjsjon of that wealth for the services
a^rTan;'^m:rmn,r:ad:" 7:1; render,! him. fàce went grey
Within the Antarctic circle there
boon found a flowering
has
never	. ¦ ¦	¦.
In the Arctic regions Utero
are 762 different specie» of flowers. ; chanced to meet Mrs. Kingston Capt. Sigsbco, United States Vires arc 5 per cent, more frequent on her way back from her first call Navy, of the Maine, in his history Qn Saturdays in London than on on the new Mrs. Varley. of the blowing up of that vessel, on any olhvr day of the week. But in "Well?" I queried, as the landau February 15, 1898, at 9:40 p. m., pftrlg Friday has 20 per cent, over drew up beside me. says:	Although the wai which fol- ^ average.	Mrs. Kingston looked at me for
lowed was not founded on tho de- jn thc Canaries Uic banana is nev- some moments with nn air of reflec-struction of the Maine as a political er cut xvjth ft ^n|fe because the fruit tion before replying. Then:	"I nev-
enusc, that disaster was the pivotal wnvn cut through exhibits what is er pronounce sentence after one hear-event of the conflict which led to	it,	ar(|0<| QS a	representation	of tlic	ing," she proclaimed judicially,
and ended Spanish possession in	the	Cl.uclflxion.	Whereat I knew that Mrs. Kingston
New World." The explosion oi the tgome idea of the vast wealth of wa9 divided in her mind, and halt-torpedo, or whatever the destructive ^adon may be gathered from the jng between two opinions, agent was, could scarcely be called ^ ^ that the fire insurance carried Not i0ng afterwards we had ara “first shot," but probably most .	metropolis is now estimated ranged some expedition together. On
Americans consider the incident	the	^ h(t £910,OOO,000.	her way Mrs. Kingston intended pay-
first blow struck in the war.	Gloss is the	most perfectly	elastic	ing a second call on the musician’s
substance in existence. A glass	wife. The landau was to come on,
,	plate kept under pressure in a	bent	me	up,	and return to	terminate
Stevens in "With the Conquering condition for twenty-five years	will	her call	at precisely four o'clock.
Turk" describes the first shot at ! return to its exact original form. j was unavoidably delayed, how-tlie battle of Mohina of tli<‘ big luik-, ,pbo total number of papers in the ever, and it was nearer the half-ish gun when "Mchemet All Effendi, , Hritjsh lslc8 is now 2,532; of these	hour when, not without great
the tall, black-browed officer	in	i ondon is responsible for 554.	1 ho	ward trepidation, I drew up outside
command of the battery," sights and ; numb(ir of magazines is 1,562, while tho Varley establishment. It had lires the first shell on to the Greek	.	urc opcj quarterly reviews	of	been previously arranged that on no
blockhouse two and « half miles	kind.	account was I to lose time by de-
away, while "Kdhem Dasha sut	^ children of the Ainos, a peo- geending and going in. She was to
squatting crosslegged on the ground	|ivJ in Northern Japan, do not come out immediately,
watching the practice. ’ But	two	rmdvc their names until they	are	Qn my way thither fancy conjured
days before this there had been	al-	rg old jt is the father	who	up lurid visions of that charming
most continual skirmishing in the .ten choose* the name by which the and iratc lady, furiously indignant, woods of Kurya, even before the offl-	.g afterwards called.	waiting on the topmost step,
cinl notification of declaration of . Ashanti there grows a tree ro- breathed supreme relief seeing she wor had reached the lurkish («en-	{n appearance the English was not there.
eralissimo.	oali| which furnishes excellent	but-	Then,	at	length, she	appeared,
1er ’ This vegetable butter keeps in	smiling	and	unapologctic.
good condition all the year round "Well?" I observed grimly.
of the heat, in its natural she beamed unabashed.
"Why didn't you come in?" she queried, surprise proach.
I leant back and gasped.
"And you told me so particularly
mot to!"
"Did I?"
II
plant
I have been meaning to confess for a long time.	I
am not what you think me. All	head i# moderately fine,
this year 1 have been living	and	act-, back straight,	the quarter long,
ing a lie. I will tell you.	It	was	deep and we]j	developed, and
so hard, and so fatally easy. He j outline smooth and symmetrical, choked and grit his teeth hard; his The de8jrabie qualities result from eyes were pitiful. "Everyone “u(11 the use of the improved sire on our always thought me so brilliant, an, , native stock. They are of a type predicted such a glorious future, and thftt is profitable to the breeder and I had always accepted the prêche- ihe fceder# and suitable for export, tionis as a matter of course until a ^hen we consider how readily iiu-ycar or two buck. I hen for	the	fust	provement can	be effected on the na-
time I began to doubt,	and	the	tjve 9^cks of	the country through
doubt was awful.
"As far as technicalities went, I knew oil that art could teach me; but it began to dawn upon me that, défaite my passion for music, I possessed very little originality. I composed, but my compositions were in
brilliant or wonderful, and
to fly, but her wnm-
At evening
YOUNG BEEF ANIMALS
the
the
He
GKECO-TURKISH WAR
He
%
in-
musket at wounded hi» horse
the pure bred sire.
the	o f
it is a mystery hard to explain why so little advancement should bo wit» ncssed at the present time.
back, killing him instantly I | moment the dead body was riddled with bullets. The young trooper of tho Twentieth had commenced the great mutiny!
THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA I know not the man who tired the fust shot in the civil war in Amer- OUI» OWN ,UYS.
Prvor in recent years has been a The lust story on my list is of dweller in New York, and for a time our own time. Everybody knows occupied a position on the Judicial that the gallant old Joubert, who bench In ills hot youth, however, was the couunander-ln-chief of the he was one of the young bloods of Boer forces, was always an opponent Virginia whose fervor helped to fan «of Mr. Krueger and of tho war. Ncv-l he flames that burst into the awful ertheless, he went in With his counconflagration. By a curious colnci- trymen when the hour of danger deuce he was one or the party that camo; but he went with no doubt as
surrender of Fort to the disastrous final result. Bo Sumter With breathless Interest I and his troops were before Dundee; listened to him one night ns he told and then It was that what was tho story of the eventful day when practically the first shot In the war he and his friends paid a visit to was fired. The scouts brought the Fort Sumter with the demand that information that the English troops
the northern troops should give the were in possession of the town, and me no.	r	,t wns regoive<l that they should, if
possible, be dislodged.
"All right," said Joubert, "bring up the Staats Artillerie." Tho Staats Artillerie came up. “Fire," said Joubert. The shot was fired; and then, as the smoko died away, amid a thrill .Joubert turned to his officers and said:	"There goes tho
independence of the Transvaal." Some months later the gallant veteran was dead. Probably the calamities which ho foresaw, but could not prevent, had much to do with hastening his end.
THE DOOR YARD
no ways
awful terror of my own crushing failure began to grow. in me could never understand what
. Then the tempI married." He lift-
"Bc-
i
The indifference of some farmers to their homo surroundings is surprising. Their wives, though passionate lovers of flowers, must give up their
in the dooryard because "husband hasn’t the time” (inclination would be a better word) to surround the yard with a pig-proof fence, and so the frisky pigs have things their own way until they get too large to squeeze through the Some farmers have the time but no money to spare to build a suitable yard fence. The best they do is to repair the old fence and train the dog to keep out tho pigs.. Chickens arc another nuisant in the dooryard
an
You
that
thought was to me tat ion came. _ _ ed his steadfast, white face fore God I married solely and wholly for love, with not the slightest idea then
ment. then went on rapidly day 1 heard Molly singing to herself, and the tunc was so quaint and so taking that I asked what it was.
“She laughed, and confessed that her favorite amusement was to put her favorite verses to music of her own fancy. That was the beginning of the end. You can guess tho rest.
“I meant to own up, but you know how shy she is. I still meant to ( onfess, but each time my courage forsokk me strung up purposely
day llarkncss congratulated me. After that I felt it would have killed
And so I lot you all And now — now she is
culture
man
in spite state.
None can
tell where the diamond
Burn it.
tinged with re-
” He paused for a mo-
One
in combustion
goes t o
and it leaves no ash; the flame ^ exterior, like that of a cork, and when it has blazed itself out there
much as would
fence
"Oh,
innocently.
well — but I did not know her well then!”
1 fore bo re to remind her that I was still in that unenviable state of ignorance, and contented myself with my former question.
"Well?”
Mrs. Kingston looked at me with sparkling eyes.
“If I were a man,” said she with finality; "I d marry that woman tomorrow!”
“Shall you make the rest of the world be of the same opinion?” 1 asked curiously.
She colored faintly.
“No," she decided, a shade defiantly. "I shall keep her iv> a charming oasis in my arid social desert."
She looked away from my damning eye
“Anyway
cusingly, "she was for a society butterfly would tempt her from her seclusion, I am convinced, so it would be no good trying."
remains not oven so dust the antennae oi a butterfly.
Tho French post office estimates that no fewer than 93,000 letters wore stolen last year from pillar boxes in France. Experiments arc being made by fitting some of the boxes with steel teeth which prevent' the extraction of letters, in the hope of guarding against .these
thefts in the future.
SO
demanded the
can
1. The habit of throwing scraps of food out at the back door makes them worse. Never feed tho chickens near the house is a good rule if you do not wish to be bothered with them.
/
Once I came here, It was the
place up.	j ,	.
And so it was that this interview,
fateful with some awful consequences —to end in the destruction of a million lives—took place with pleasantness on both sides. The garrison received the deputation In a hospittv-blc spirit; drinks even were exchanged But both sides took up their
that inflexible and determination which is another
A PLOWMAN’S WORK.
The up-to-date farmer can estimate quite closely what amount of work his men do in a day, and the way in which he does it is very genious. Assuming that a good plowman will walk about 18 niilus a day, he proceeds to determine how, milth land will be gone over in that The factor in the case is the
width of tli.1 plow-inch furrow, a full day’s work will-moan tho plowing of an acre and a quarter; an 8-inch furrow will mean an acre and a half; an 11-inch fur-, row, two acres, and a 15-inch ggg row, two and three-quarter acres. Thus the farmer knows how many, he needs before beginning work, and also whatMB should accomplish every day
me to own up think ... 1 dying!"	_ j
Frank laid his head down on his
arms and sobbed.
After all, Mrs. Varley did not die. She recovered to find herself, to her amazement and unfeigned dismay, ft celebrity, courted and cajoled by all. She protested bewilderedly, imp or-us to tell the world it was a huge mistake, and that all the glory was genuinely Frank’s. Indeed, she declared honestly that more than half the compositions were wholly
WHY T1IE ONION SMELLS
It is sulphur that gives the onion its germ-killing property, and makes the bulb so very useful as a medicinal agent at all times, but especially in the spring, which used to be, and still is in many places, the sentaking the brim-stone-and-
inr
with
position iron
American quality
con-
FOHT SUMTER.
the confederates went and soon after the order was that the fortress was to be
son for
treacle in old-fashioned houses fore sulphur tablets vogue. Now, sulphur, when united to hydrogen—one of the games of water-forms sulphuretted hydrogen, and then becomes a foul smelling compound. The onion, being mo juicy, has a very large percentage of water in its tissues, and this, combining with tho sulphur, forms the strongly-scented and offensive substance culled sulphuret of allvle, which is found in all the alliums This sulphuret of allyle mingles especially with the volatile or oil of the onion. It is
walk
be*
she maintained self-cx-never intended Nothing
Cutting a 7-
9 P
And then
came into
away given
attacked, and that the first shot in the fight was to be fired. Lightly, 1 dare sav, these wild young fellows thought of what they were about to ¦¦for if tho men of the south had been reckless dare-devils they
have provoked this

A FEW POINTS.
Many a barefaced lie is old enough to have whiskers on It.
The critic shouldn't forget that he has faults of his own.
Tho follow who borrows 00 cents is content to do things by halves.
King Edward is looking forward to the crowning event of his career.
Any woman will tell you that trying on a new dress is also trying on the nerves.
The artist may not be severe with his model, and yet he makes her stand around.	,
The leader of the orchestra / may face the music and still be talked about behind his back.
The only way some people could take a tumble to themselves would be to walk in their sleep.
fur-
his
in
the applauding favor of women.	—
But with his marriage came a subtle and increasing change his declared, incipient genius seemed cold night, to expand and blossom forth. As by someone \	did not seek t<> fly y high, doorlMI
fearing tho strength of his new “What do you want Want to wings, but the dainty caprices, son- stay here all nighc.’ ‘Queer taste, alas, and, above all, songs, that ain't it 7 But stay there by all flowed with such amazing swiftness mean*,’ was the benevolent answer
do
face
tho
not
men
each man
would
struggle—the end of which was certain as anything could have been
Somebody suggested to
should
never
as
ASHES AND HEN MANURE
in history
Roger Pryor that his hand have the	honor—as it was suppos-
ed—of firing the first shot. Though lie was so young and so hot-headed, ¦¦ good angel whispered into his that this might turn out to be of those acts of heavy and calamitous responsibility that would haunt a man’s con»dtB*:e, and per-
i^eeeeeeiMeBftcr-
Ashes and hen manure if mixed together before being applied to ¦ soil result in a loss of ammonia from the droppings that greatly lessens the value. Put ashes on after the manure has liecn mixed with the soil; the ammonia will be absorbed by the soil and remain in it for the use of the crop. Wood ashes make a valuable application to hasten decomposition In coarse manures, but absorbents should be used to prevent loss, or the manure apptM at once on tho land.	,
more
aromatic	I I I I	(jj
identical with the malodorant principle found in asafoetida, which is the.symbol of almost all smells that are nasty. The horseradish—so much liked with roast beef for its keen and biting property—and the ordinary mustard of our tables both owe their strongly stimulative properties to this same ~ sulphuret of allyle. which gives them boat ana acridity, but not an offensive smell, owing to the different arrangements of the at-
of their volatile oils. ‘18^
the

some
car
one
Who’s that ?" said Jenkins, one
disturbed in his repose knocking at the street A friend*" was the answer.
All
haps blight his life forever ward, and he waived away the proffered honor. The man who fired the first shot	was bound to become
known to	the whole American
world, and was thereby a target of attention, att&dc, pity. It weighed
At present each 1,100,000 tons of coal raised costs one human life.


	

###PAGE###4###


JL*#


- T
k
THE EQUITY.
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
WANTED
—with a full line of -
shawville, june i2,1902. Sylvester IVjachinery
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS

S 'Is
• •
Also it stock of
)
Feeding and Management of
Colta.
3000 cords peeled Poplar or Basswood for Pulpwood for delivery this fall or next spring on P. P. J. By. line.
We are contracting every day for wood. If you have any such wood for sale drop us a letter to Campbell’s Bay P. O
ADAMS' WAGONS,
HRAXTFORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES. DOWSRLLS WASHERS, WRINGERS and LEADER CIIVRNS.
PREPARE FOR THE HAY HARVEST.
Many people think that a mare should real from work for several weeks before foaling. This is not so. If a brood mare has been accustomod to farm work, let her continue at such work until a few days before she ia due to foal. Moderate work is not only harmless, but beneficial t) mare and foal, provided proper care be taken not to overload them. It ia certainly better than keeping them tied up in the stable, or permitting them to run at large in the fields with other horses. In the former case they suffer from want of exercise, and in the latter they are liable to accidents from racing, playing or fighting with one another. After the foal is dropped the mare should have a few days real, not only for her own sake but for that of the foal as well.—
When the time of foaling approaches the IiS|rv^ by HAWLEY CHIMES No. 27W8. dam should bo turned lojse in a large Time. 2.10. Dam, Velveteen ; time 2.311.
x stall, or if the weather be mild in a | by Qlencoc Goldust, No. 5823. paddock. When the mare is a valuable
The success of the Massey-Harris Mower is due to its possessing the following special advantages:
First of all—Quality.
Folding Bar, operated automatically by coil spring.
Adjustable Whiffletrees.
Largest range of Tilt of any Mower made.
A wide Rake with a Frame that will not sag.
Warc rooms next door to D. McRae's «hop.
A Call Solicited,

0----

R. J. HAMILTON.
m
ë
P. S. H ay Porks.

JUBILEE CHIMES
No. 32335, A. T. R.
Standard Bred aqd Registered.
Made in following sizes :
20 Tooth— $' ft. 6-in. wide. 30 Tooth—10 ft. 9-in. wide. 34 Tooth—12 feet wide.
.... ,i dubillet1 Chimes will stand for the ser •>ne, and the prospective foal is looked vice of Mares at Shaw ville during the for with a good deal of interest, it is well season of 1902, health permitting. t> watch her closely, as many valuable Terms For the season $10, payable at animals have been lost, which by a little time of service with privilege of return if attention at the right moment might ! ^,IM' my property. All mares at own-hare been eared. About the best time Vl '11 ' for foaling is the latter ond of May, as there is then an abnndance cf gia:s, and the heat is not excessive. Autumn colts will do well if carefully wintered. Colts born in midsummer—fly time—should be housed during day, and the mare fed green feed. These extra cares are an objection to this time of breeding. For a ! All well disposed persona nro expected, considerable time before foaling the mare •‘tn<l it is their duty, to assist the Game should he fed on soft food, so as to keep Warden in protecting the deer and moose
her bowel, open and .timulate the flow I %*/ % Sncly doing M now, but of milk. The foods that have been found | more eould and should do it out of kind-useful in increasing the flow of milk in ness to those harmless and beautiful ani
IMt'l'S.S:: i eja WzqaW£KI Remember that ,e are adding to .bi.,i.t »tb. l««of . ,„h,r	1 «facturera of Htoil Gram Flovu.
clover, hay and carrots are a.I good, but person, give the names of all.	i w J- »i n i 1. tt	t*
plenty of good fresh grass is probably the It is hotter but not necessary, that you | X OU UOIl t UatCll US Standing Still and tr\ llVr tO do blisi-
whm'Z'al'"'"""'' "««‘“".'"'l ;XMpÆ"Æ““.b,r'“* >“ '“I «CS3 solely on a reputation already established. No, sir !
All correspondence strictly private and It is of the highest importance that the ! confidential. Address,
young horse should start life in full	_ N. McCVAIG,
health and vigor, and to this end he 1	Provincial Game W arden.
should very soon after birth take a good draught of the colostrum cr that milk of the dam. Colostrum has a purgative effect
MACFARLANE BROS.

o
M
L. DC MAS,
At McGuire's Hotel.
Shawville
SMART & SMITH.
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
Deer and IV|oose.
C rolleNr millS'H'™ cuss w mm
FURNITURE.
our reputation as man-
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
We want Hard Milling Wheat and
highest price for it.
can pay the We have a large stocic of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Pricks Eight.
»
I\ S.— Article 1403a of the Game Laws, important to whom it may concern, reads as follows :
J-	Hi	“No person owning, having or harl>or-
which is necessary in order to cause the ing any dog accustomed to hunt and pur-bowels to assume their natural function*. xue deer shall allow such dog to run at
large, hunt or course in any place Inhab i I itcd by deer, between the first day of November of one year and the twentieth of October of the following year, under penalty of a tine of at least $.1.00 and not ex *’ ceeding $25.00.
_ ... „	,,	,	1(!r Any one may. without incurring any
it will sutiocate. If the navel cord is responsibility, kill any such dog found
not ruptured, it may be tied tightly in running at large, hunting or coursing in two places near together and cut between suvh locality between the alcove mentioned the cording*, or it may be severed by	Ed. X II, C. 12, *. 1.
scraping with a dull knife about two inches from the navel. Colts will bleed to death if the umbilical cord is severed too close to the body, and too soon after the colt is born; watching is better than luck at such times. Foal* aie very subject to a di*ea»e c*l"ed j Mit t vil, wh ch is hlin«*et always fatal, renders the foal not Worth raising. Recent investigations have shown that this disease is caused by blood poi/oning, the pois nous matter entering throug'i the newly severed navel cord, frotu the litter or some other | Shawville, June 2nd", injurious subatmee touching the wound, and that by carefully disinfecting the navel the disease can be avoided in most cases. A weak solution of carlxdic acid
ia very good for the purpo.e. Among Wanted for I. 2 and \ M.vsham. Co. the other common troubles of young Wright, with First or Second Class Di colts, are diarrhoea and constipation.— loin as. Salaries S20U for 10 months' teac The former ia usually caused by over-	in* Service to commence middle of Aug
feeding, or exposure to inclement wea	Uel' ' ANU HAMILTON,
ther, and should be checked at once by	Secretary Treas.,
by the use of such correctives as parched	J nacelles p. O.,
dour, rice meal gruel, and boiled milk.	Co. Wright. Que.
Constipation on the other hand may bs relieved by the use of castor oil, and by injections of warm water to which soap
haa been added. In aU case, of derange-	Thoroughbred Ayrshire Bull, registered	NOTICE
ment, it is well to at once lessen the	No. 11504. Rent animal of the bred in the	**
amount of feed of both dam and foal, county. Service fee $1.00 for one and re- |0 PrOpôrty-HolderS of ClarOfldon. thus assisting nature to restore the liuocd rates for more.	-----
digestive tract to its proper condition.	'	' Clarendon Front The poperty holders of Clarendon who
. are desirous of availing themselves of the . , ,	,	„	.	_	council's offer in reference to the Re-
work before he is fully developed, and ceptance of barbwire for fencing purpose», capable of taking his side at anything on compliance with certain conditions, arc that is to be done on the farm.	hereby notified that a ear load of such
F W	w,re Wl11 arrive at Shawville this week,
t* a/ v n 8 V ’•	and that all information re
Iavo Stock lumnnst loner.	procuring of the same may
from the undersigned.
By order, H. MATHESON,
Sec.-Treas.
JAMES WILSON.
o
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
If this is not accomplished naturally a gentle purgative of castor oil should be given.
McCORMICK.
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
If the foal is born in the foetal mem brance, it must be liberated at once,
ft Hit N
1»*?' N -
Vb*


hl.,11: I fi lTMJ


tti-ai
w
Jl ..
k)
f iff
-ÉÉ ;SS
)
!¦

H

JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR

ii
pRESH ARRIVALS
I
Public Notice
I

\***
To all wlyim it may Concern.

IN
Ail Municipal tox«*s remaining unpaid on the 1st day of July, next, ldD2. shall be collected as the law directs, without tail. The Mayor instructed to attend to the matter.

II
FACTORY


HUGH MATHESON, Svc-Treas., of Municipality of Clarendon.
¦¦¦¦d i9i;2. wmmamm
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built np
and
ready for business.
AT THE
Clash Store,
E
STARK’S
CORNERS.
0
Mt
nick
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, TII E PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE.
C. A HOWARD - AGENT - SHAWVILLE
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
¦
NOTICE.
• •
• •
THE MARKETS.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Moulding*. Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 08 to 75c. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to $3.80. Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 15c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 11 to 12c. Butter, per pound, 15 to 16o. Wool, per pound, 13 to 15c. Pelts, each, 35 to 45c.
Hides, $4.50 to $5.50.
Calfskins, 45 to 65 cents each.
At two or three months old the fo.il will begin to nibble feed fremthe mother's feed box, and by the time it has reached the age of five or six months it should • be accoustomed to eat all sorts of food.
Tihe weaning of the foal should be done gradually, and when it has grown used to eating it should be confined in a loose
box where there is nothing in which it In recognition of hie valued services to can become entangled and fed on soft the empire, in connection with the South feed. The dam should then be put on African war, just closed the British
dry feed and given moderate work. The Parliament last week voted Lord capacitated. The total number of troops milk must be removed occasionally, but Kitchener the sum of $250,000.	killed in action or who died of wounds ia
it is better not to milk dry, as the secre-	--------—--------- 7.702, while the total number of deaths
tion will cease sooner. As soon as the Pauncefotee Successor Appointed from disease ia 13,250. foal ia properly weaned, he should have
put in the stable at the late Lord Pauncefote	k ui k7*k m . election will Clâ8a Elementary Diploma. Application,
night, and fed a little oats or bran. As Hon Michael Henrv Herbert C B Prob:ib,y be he,d’ °ut Jult "ben is not stating salary expected, to 1* addressed
SlSraraS
care he will come out in good shape in WAa charge d’affaires at Washington 1888-	61 hl
the spring.	1889, secretary to the legation, 1892-93;
When it is practicable the colt should secretary to the embassy at The Hague be broken to halter while yet a suckling, 1893-94; Constantinople, 1894-97; Rome and the earlier in life this process rs 1897-98. In 1898 he was appointed,
commerced the more easily it will be secretary to the Brstiah embassy at Paris. In a race for life over the Delaware
accomplished. He may soon be led by	__ and Hudson bridge across the river at
the side of the dam without difficulty,	w	Wilkesbarre, Penn., Edward Wilton won
and when once accustomed being guided	British Losses.	and saved hie five year old son. They
by the halter, it will be an easy matter	---- were walking across the bridge between
to leal him anywhere. By the time he an ofkicial statement by the wab train times when an engine thundered on is weaned he will lead like an old horse, I	office.	the structure. They ware in the middle
and when the time cornea to break him I	---- of a span at the time, and the father,
to harness he will give little trouble; in London, June 6.—An official statement snatching up the little boy, ran as fast as fact he ta already broken. When a colt issued by the War Office this evening hia legs could carry him, over the eight is two and one half years old, hitch him | shows that the total reduction of the inch wide ties. Betook three at every
held hie be would have
SILAS YOUNG.
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
garding be obtained
the
Here it is I ;Sll,™lE’s The Place
Shawville, June 0, IW02.
SASH and DOOR
Teacher Wanted.
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
should be
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Sash,
diminished its speed, rang a belJ, blew a I Fü VotmilO'h III Of whist e or gave any indication that the	vl: UUglsHlgp
engineer saw him. He was completely	a% ##	¦
unnerved by his experience.	HOO	cUlu
The Lindon D*ily Telegraph under-	"	2? e ,
stands that the Cabinet has decided to	KûflOIPI 11 Ct
retsio the tax on grain.	l|C|JaiM,lb
.$Saiï&ÏS6«S W&tly done at lowestl
hospital, Ottawa, Monday, the victim of	TDPiCêS.
a fight with a bear last Friday. Dubois,	*
who was about 70 years of age, was one of the best known trappers of the Gatineau district. Axe in hand he was making the rounds of his traps. From one of the traps a bear escaped, minus one of its legs, and maddened by pain it attacked Dubois and left him for dead.
He lay on the ground 30 hours before
found.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
Race With a Locomotive.
work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, 1 shall look forward to a future In create in business.
DALE BROS
"I
gaide of a steady, aged horse, and he ' British in South Africa up to May 30 of ; bound, and by the greatest become accustomed to work. Use the present year was 97,477. This in- footing. Had he slipped i him to do light work the first winter and | eludes, killed, 50); prisoners and deaths | been caught between the ties and killed, so prepare him
alongside of a steady, aged horse, and he British in South Africa u
care
Shawville.
will
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
to take a share of the I from diseases, and men sent home. Of, He managed to reach a pier and sprang spring seeding on the farm. Always be | these many hive rejoined their regiments on to it just aa the engine swept past, careful not to pat him to the hardest leaving 28 434 dead or permanently in I Wilson say# that the engine never
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
PROPRIETOR.


###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
\ jrtjrrt.
I Meets the 4bb Wed nés ; I day of every month.
; / Court dues must be paid Z promptly every month.
Visit!nr brethren oor* dlsTly Invited.
SHAWVILLE’S
LO.E
A Weekly Journal devoted to lootl Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT 6IIAWVILLB, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
S UBS CN/PTtON —# 1.00 A IE A* IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until el! arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher. Ef 1	^ ?
i
County Pontiac 's Largest Ware-Rooms.
GREATEST STORE I
FOUR BIC SPECIALS
A. SMILEY, Prop.
The Kind Gets all tfje Cream :
The Improved
U. S.
Cream Separator
RECEIVED COLD tyEDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
L.B<
/. A. Cowan, R 8.
H. 8. Barnett, F.8
o
Jon* Beckett, C. R.,
ADVERTS NO RATER %
i*gal advertising, eight cents per line for lint Insertion mud four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of » cents per line for flret Insertion end 6 cents for subsequent Insertions
Commercial advertising by the month or I The spot for-for longer periods Inserted at low rates, |	1
which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instruc tlbne accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 lehed free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
HAWVILLE
HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
S
FOR FIRST WEEK OF JUNE SELLING I
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, ok A Clean Seav*.
Tour Turn next.
Read carefully every Paragraph in the following List:—
Hosiery Specials :	Neckwear Specials :
CEO. HYNES,
\
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN
FURNITURE DEALES AND
UNDERTAKER,
SEÀWVILLE, - • QUE.
We brighten the first week in June enthusiasm in Hosiery in this wise : Women’s Plain Black 44 Bvetfoefc Stainless '’Cotton Hose, made with full fashioned legs, Lisle finish, very elastic instep, and a fine well finished cotton, to be sold first week in June—
We have placed in stock a large line of Men’s Four in-Hand, Bow and Made-up Ties, worth, regular, 25 cent, 30 cent and up to 35 cents. We undersell them in this way-
publisher
Business Cards.
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
N. Y., last summer. : :
MEDICAL.
DR.
Each at 20c.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices
to suit all classes.	¦
IN UNDERTAKING
Come with the crowds to this Tie Sale, First week In June.
Per pair 15c.
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by James Cutlibertson, opposite tile Exhibition grounds.
MAIN ST., EAST.
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Sat urday afternoons. Telephone in office.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the “ T7. S.”—the best machine made—at our warerooms.
Men’s Colored Cambric Shirts :
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
A. SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
Our stock of Men’s Colored Shirts is now complete. Come in and see the neglige line made from Scotch Zephyr, cuffs attached—all new patterns for spring and summer wear. Prices each
F. T. M. C.
0raduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omce a*d Rsmdk.ncb : J. H Anxfransfa'a House,
Main street - - shawyillb.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
District and Country.
/WW>
/V
ti5cts.
A mob broke iofc) fcho jail at Paris Mo., and lynched Abe Wuhrop, a nogro murderer.
Rev. E W. Wood, Methodist missionary of Carstairs, N.W.T., wai drowned in crossing a creek swollen by rain.
The hiring of laborers in Norway by foreigners has been prohibited oiring to the large number reco.it!y engaged fur Canada.
It is s‘a4.ed that Simon Sam the run-I | away ex President of Hayti, took $8,000.000 from the public tieanjry during his Presidency.
Charles Mann, of Toronto, was drown- j ed in Humber through the upsetting of a canoe, in which he and two companions were coming down the river.
William Long conmted of murder in Huntingdon County. Quebec, is to be given a new trial, the Court of King's Bench holding that the admission of evidence against hie character was ini y I proper
Corsets :
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
Ask to see the new Corset placed into stock this week, for the first time— “ No Brass Eyelets. ” Every pair guaranteed or money refunded.
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday. Thursday and Friday of every week. Office at It. MoU. Ritchie's residence
Headquarters for
Como, see, look around and make comparisons—that is all we ask test is easy. You can decide for yourself. lie with the crowds the first week of June selling at the Busiest Store in Shaw ville.
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
The
BQÜRBEAU RAINVILLE, L, L L
BRYSON,
ADVOCATE
• •
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
G.F. HODGINS
Wm. GAMBLE,
ADVOCATE, 4fce„
Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks St., Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAW VILLE EVERY MONDAY.

Office
P. S.—Monday, Wednesday and Friday of each week this store closes at 6 o'clock.
CEO. C. WRIGHT
t
\
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC ,
A man named Djichatelefc, of Ripon, on the Little Nation river, committed 'h* h«ftnl I c tue Ia.-1 w>, k « f throwirg a l.>-ye«r old U »y, nauivd Ben Richer, ttiC«, the river at the Imnd uf a chute The victim of the Ueuiou'a act *iu swept over the falls an 1 was driwued. About 30 persons were eye witnesses of the tragedy from the opposite side of the river and were thus unable to go to the , Clerk of the Strict Magistrates' Court. boy ’s rescue while he Was struggling with Commlwlouer%aud Conveyancer. Deeds, Deechatekt, who is believed to be inMortgages, etc., executed legally and satis- sane. Young Richer whs an adopted son,
and the neighbors state that Dcsehatelet
%
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
Of THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Alexandria, Dec., Zutii. ]<J01 Dear Sir
A Physician's
Testimony for
Trust Bui Id: tig-
4,4 Spark.t Street, Ottawa
Speaking from personal experience I can stale that your Stout is ^ excellent in ImiMing up the system -• T/ I was very much run down and was advised to use Labatt’s Porter—this I have done for some time a ad I largely attribute to its effects my steady improvement in strength and weight. I ¦H justice to you	jjjg
0^00	¦¦ taiuly is a pleasure to me to add my
CTYII TT testimony to its sterling qualities, and ^ 1 VzU 1 • I glady recommend your Stout as an
excellent tonic and where such is required
Yours truly, G. S. TIFFANY, M.D
J. F. GRONAtr ..	.. LADYSMITH.
Phone No. 1324
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts,
Fishing Nets
W. W. IRELAND,
deem it hut
, aud it cer
(LONDON)
• « « • 3#nd • • • •
factor I ly
food in cases
SHAWVILLE	que doted opoo him
For Agency,
Address 3 St. Peter St,—QUEBEC
Fishing Tackle
Boy Slîot hia Father
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
""-KS—	, Litcliford, C. A. M.C,. ,,,, .k„.
sstÊÊÊm—
_ down and was calling for a club, when
o
of all kinds,
McDOTOALL & CUZNER,
Sussex St. Ottawa.
J. J. TURNER,
L

r:
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
I

t,
Z


\
To buy well, watek ibe laiesr prices ami information in tbs special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
w	flamplra JfCC
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
Shawvilie Council
|| I Donald look up the r:fte .nd .ent . bullet I ,on°e“ ^"ÆieEn dowà w"h pmV/.U
ifWIIBs
CLOCKS.	A Very Large Funeral.	1fia£loncy and moved to Gower 1 oiot in Moved by Coun Shaw, sec. by Coun
JEW1LLKRT.	--- 4 m andu 6 7uesri ^ ??”* l<\Cba* Hodgins, that the following bills be paid
BILVIRWARB The funersl of the laie J. W. Munroe, P®1'1, where she resided til her death, j g Jones, $9 40; Henry McDowell
Ac. 4c. I M. L. A , elect for North Renfrew, took "or 4 b°ebind predeceased her some ^75. W. A. Brown, $3.50; C. Caldwell,
place at two o'clock on Monday of last twentynve year» ago. Sh* leaves 6 • $12.00.—-Carried.
week, and ie reported to have been the *?.IW 1 waara	an<* ?,j1 .of 1 Moved by Coun. Cowan, sec. by Coun.
largest ever witnessed in Pembroke. The . 5Peaa* ™mon 1 Sudbury and ( • rego re Smith, that the Mayor and Secretary be <Copnep funeral service was held at the Monro LP Missouri and three daughters Mrs. A. em,>,>Wered to borrow (on uote 6 months) residence, McKay street, at 1,30. The , *,, ***	, , John Fitzpatrick ( f the amount necessary to meet sinking
Urge residence was crowded, and ban- AHumette inland and Mrs. M. Gaffney fun(j nov due the Bank of Ottawa. —
dreds stood outside in the grounds. of 1 etewawa*	Carried.
Rev. Dr. G. D. Bayne officiated. After	——?-- .	Moved by Coun. Hodgins, sec. by
the service the funeral procession weuded Mora About the Petrified Ships- Coun. Cowan, that the Mayor and Ita way to the Presbyterian cemetery,	- Councillor Smith be a committee to wait
PDfiMPTI V ÇCPI|RCn]t where the interment was made, Dr. Bayne I Tacoma, Wash., June L—Indians have on Mr. James L. Shaw and make ar-
also officiated at the grave. All slong brought to Editor L’schko of the North-1 rangements for the purchase of a gravel TTHtTfor our	***** "Tnvant > the route to the cemetery the at rests ern L$ght, published at Koyukuk, a I pit on the hill above the railroad track.—
ors Help- and*	were crowded, all places of busineis, story of the finding of two wonderful I Carried.
ulvenaoî orLfr ®^t°andwt will teU 5 «Ule, etc., being closed. The deepest petrified ships near the highest ridge in ! Moved by Coun. Smith, sec. by Coun. you tree our opinion as to whether It is I sorrow prevailed, as Mr. Munro had j the Alaska Rocky Mountains beyond the Cowan, that the Mayor and Councillors
P?0bÎÏÏLSiï!lUjïïrêctede £aod!erl,b^u { a *ritn(1 fo aU 10 tbe town »nd his Arctic circle. Lichke believes the atiry ! Hodgins, Shaw and Fades, be appointed HighestvJferencesBirSlA	C lo,i *¦ considered by meny to be a public and is taking steps to investigate it as a road committee for this municipality.—
calamity. The Citisens’ bind headed the soon as the snow melts.	I Carried.
procession and played the Dead March The petrified ships ate said to be loca Moved by Coun. Hynes, sec by Coun in Saul, and the b 11s on the town hall ted about 1,500 up the Porcupine river ! Eades, that this Coun. allow Mr. H. H and Presbyterian church tolled during from Fort Yukon, and thence north 100 Elliott the sum of five dollars for remov the progress of the procession. Some of I miles. The Indians say that they are j ing tho obstructions off the street leading the chief buildings were draped in 1200 yards apart. One lies on its side from Main Street to the Railway Sta-mourning and flags half-masted. The j protruding from the gravel, while the I tion.—Carried.
floral offering were magnificent. Some other is nesriy upright and uncovered. Moved by Coun. Rades, a c. by Coun of the prominent men present were :| The Indians made a hole in the upright Cowan, that the Secretary cormpond
GI Donate
“A N D—
Regular meeting of the Municipal
of Shawville
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION RYS.
Summer Time Card.
PRACTICAL
to.
O. N, AND W. RAILWAY.
+ Train No. 101 leaves Ottawa 5.05 P.M. + Train No. 102 arrives “ o Train No. 108 leaves “ o Train No. 104 arrives “
§ Train No. 105 leaves “
8 Train No. 106 arrives *•
~ -r Train No. 107 leaves “ f t Train No. 106 arrives “

m
8.25 A M.
7.45 A.M.
6.00	P.M.
1.30	A M.
8.00	P.M.
9.30	A M. 0.45 P.M.

THE NEW GROERY
l *
-AND-
/V



MEAT SHOP.
:

Her a mure—
a SrsciALirr:
Main and Piokanoek Sta.)
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
f Train No. 100 leaves Ottawa 5.10 P.M.
9.28 A M. 6.45 A M. 4.35 P.M.
+ Daily except Sunday, o Daily except Saturday and Sunday.
8 Saturday only.
-r -r Sunday only.
* Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays only.
SH1IT1LLE, 8,
Having secured a new and fresh stock of GROCERIES people can rely on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspect our stock.
Wo also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
+ Train No. 110 arrives “
•	Train No. Ill leaves" *'
*	Train No. 112 arrives “
PATENTS
For tickets or further information apply to station agent or GEO. DUNCAN,
Dist. Pass. Agent,
,	42 Sparks St.,
^	Ottawa, Ont.
of A
H. A. HODGINS.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
C en. Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. R.)
OTTAWA, Oat.
PATENT SOLICITONS *
ClvM à Mechsnlcsl Kielnwe, On Polytechnic School of Émineeri w ... Applied Scltnoo* Leral U»lTW*Hy. r»t^nt r.:tw A<»oUtk>n, American Wi
with Mr. G. H. Brabazon and ascertain if he is willing to make an up-to date olan of this village for the sum of $75. If so, to Ax a date convenient for him to meet with this Council to arrange the matter.—Carried.
Hew Beglsnd
« AMOH.tiOQ,
r U Set reyore ft * My of «Til
Hoa. Clifford S.fton has purchased Mr. til. Corby a steam yacht Skylark.
241166
###PAGE###6###
1

à
s s
ADVICE TO OLD MATPS.—Olve your gentlemen friend» good tea. It Is
umieccticmry to go to India for a
HKH KRAUS WFIiR RELIEVED
WEAK AND HELPLESS, THE DOMINION BANK
PEACE PROCLAMATION
The form of Meryl Berryman shook with suppressed emotion. Her head swayed until her perfumed tresses brushed Geoffrey Gordon's face.
"Toll mo that
Tho ltoers seemed but a feeble people when the war started, yet they cost a groat empire much trouble to overcome them.
The bores in a woman’s life caused by soap adulteration may seem scarcely worth taking Into account; but the women who have overcome them by tho use of Sunlight Soap know now how real the bores were. Try Sunlight Soap, Octagon Bar, and you will realize a relief from boredom like that experienced by tho nation on tho announcement of peace.
Proceedings of the Thirty First An nual General Meeting of the Stockholders
THE CONDITION OF MRS. WM WESCOTT, OF SEAFOKTIi.
it is not true, anxiously inquired tho
Tho thirty tiret Annual General Meeting of the Dominion Hank was held at the Hanking 11 ju*o of (ho Institution. Toronto, on X\ otines
day. may VSt h, UMI.	.
Among those present were noticed : yoi. Muson. Mossre. William Inoe, W llll*xn» .“pry. K. B. (Mer. M 1\. W. 1». Matthew* William I'uxs. M I'.. A. XV. Austin, Thom vs Wnluuley, Timothy Katon, Dr. J-,* *, R°es, W, U. Casuel*. David Smith, O. XX. Lewi* A. It. Boswell, P. Load lay. Richard Brown U. N. Reynold*, A. IF on Id a, \ .11. L. Hutch i XV. ft Brock. M. IV J. J. Koy. K. C John T. Small. Anson Jo ne* I. ” right |> o iJ Kidd, William Davies, H. L. Stark, U Gordon Mackenzie. J. Gordon Joues. XV Crocker, A.K. Boy. George I>. Scott. Gvo. 11. Sweetnxm. J. F. Kavanagh. H. H. Dodgln*. Ira j Stund'Mi. A K. NX'abb. John M. Bond. Chart*/ Cockshutt, John Stewart, H. M. Peüstt, T. U. Hrough and others.	„	. .
It was moved by Mr. William nee seconded by Mr. XX R. Brock, that Mr. K. B. Osier do take iho chair, and that Mr. T. G Brough do
HMeearS! a! r7 Boswell and XV. G. Cassch were ippointed Scrutineers.
The Secretary read the report ..of tho Directors to tho Shareholders, and submitted the Annual Statement of the affairs of the Bank, which la as follows :
Gcolirey
maid.
I
‘'That what Is not true ?"
"That dreadful report about you "What on earth waS U V"
"1 heard that you—or—or—arc
coward."
"Ah, Beryl, I'll dio for you V9
"Yes, 1 know, but----"
"But what ?"
"They uny you dare not kiss girl for foar of microbes."
"Beryl !"
"Geoffrey lM
SuiTered From Headaches and Diz ziness — Could Not Stand the Least Exertion.
u
From Lho Sun, Seuforth, Ont,
Mrs. \\m. Wcscott is well known to nearly all the residents of Sea-foith. it is also well known to her neighbors and friends that she passed through a trying illness, but is happily, in robust health. To the editor of tho Sun, Mrs. Wescott
gave the particulars oi her publication, merely in the hope that her experience might he of bonelit lo some other sufferer. For some tin . pa it health was in a baa stale, my whole system being	badly run down. 1
was. troubled	with headache, much
my appetite was poor and 1 could not stand the least exertion. 1 consulted different physicians, but their treatment did not aeem to benefit me, and 1 gradually became so bad that 1 was unable to attend to inv household duties. 1 then tried several advertised medicines without any bénéficiai results 1 began to despair of getting better. One of my neighbors strongly advised me to try Dr. Williams' Pink l’ills, and somewhat reluctantly I consented to do so. After 1 had taken a second box l began to notice a great improvement in my condition, and by the time J hud used jive boxes, I was fully restored to mv former good health, much to the surprise of my neighbors and relations. 1 do not suffer the least now from those headaches and dizzy spells; my appetite is good and l attend to my household duties with the greatest ease. In fact feel like n different woman, and all this I can say is due to the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. All . who suffer from n run-down constitution should give these pills a trial."
When the vitality is low; when the blood needs to bo replenished, enriched and purified; when the nerves weak and require strengthening, there is no other medicine can take the place of Dr. Williams* Pink Pills. It is because of their direct specific action on the blood and nerves that these pills cure such troubles as
headache, dizzi-
SOII
n
ALL OROCKRS
LEAD PACKETS
Fine apple
HINTS FOR IIOUSE-CLEANINti
l
Furniture needs cleaning as much na other woodwork. It may be washed with warm soapsuds, quickly wiped dry and then rubbed with an oily cloth.
THEY ARE GOOD AND
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY TgEM^ ^ A F£W DAYS.
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited, Toronto
Consignments of Produce Solicited.
i
cu

so
s
l
i
Unsightly finger marks disappear from varnished furniture when rubbed with sweet oil. and from oiled wood if kerosene is rubbed on the spots.
A tea spoonful of good cider vinegar added to one gill of pure raw linseed oil is said to make an excellent furniture polish.
Rub white spots on furniture with es sense of peppermint or spirits of ^amphor, or hold a hot plate from the stove over them.
For cleaning out the corners in furniture and window sashes use hardwood pointed skewers, such as butchers use.
Grained wood should be washed with cold tea.
New paint stains can be removed with turpentine; old stains must be first softened with butter and then rubbed with benzine.
If a bedstead creaks at each movement of the sleeper, remove the slats and wrap the ends of each in old newspapers. This will prove a complete silencer.
If feather pillows have an unpleasant odor, give them a thorough drying before a clear fire.
Strong brine may be used to advantage in washing bedsteads.
Hot alum water is also good for this

o
ill
is worth half a dozen dips of poor • stuff. When you paint, get a j paint with a. reputation. Get the @ beet paint you can. Don’t pay # exorbitant prices, but do pay a # fair price. Buy
Ta tbe Shareholders :
The Directors leg to present] the following statement of the result of the business of the Bank for the year ending 30th April,
1902 :
Balance of Profit and Lose Account, 30th April, 1901........
Premium received ou new Capital Stock .....................
Profit for the year ending 80th April. 1002, after deducting charges of management, etc., and making provision for bad and doubtful debts ........
Ceylon Tea la the finest Tea the world produces, and Is solo? only In load packets.
Black, Mixed and Green.
apan tea drinkers try “Sal&dt" Green tea.
•A Dip of iGOOD PAINT
|100,482 10 60.708 12

Ramsay’s Paints •
but
and
1
and you only pay a fair price for # the oldest and best known paints • in Canada, the moBt durable, the ® best ground, the most economical, y made from purest materials, made jf right.
Drop us a card and ask for BOOKLET "K" FREE, showing how some homes are $p I ai n tod
8M.1T2 84
#
WAS A BIDDY FAD,
*
$518,302 70
Dividend 2* per cent., paid 1st August. 1001 ....
Dividend 2* cent., paid
November. 1901. 61,800 CO Dividend 24 cent, paid let February. 1903..
Dividend 24 per cent..payable 1st May, 1902.......
Transferred to Reserve Fund 69,708 13
B
O
$61,400 10

All Have Found Out What a Good Thing Wheeling Is.—Popular Everywhere.
Severn! years ago bicycling was a giddy fad, and the craze for it swept oxer tho country like a wave, swallowing everybody in its track. Tho rich and fashionable took it up for a season or two, and everybody followed their lend, especially the xvo-men. But everybody did not drop it when the rich tired of wheeling. On the contrary, wo all found out hoxv much utility as well as enjoyment there is in a bicycle. Truth it is that there is practically nothing on the catalogue to take its place, especially in the country districts where moans of transportation arc very limited, and now that the price of the very best wheel is within easy
reach of any pocket-book, it is safe to say that very few Canadians in tho cities or beyond their walls will pass the season without one of these useful vehicles.

per
let
B
per
#
rAi
6Z./S8 03
9
Eitlb. 1842 •
A. RAMSAY & SON,
mÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊttKÊÊtÊM MONTREAL
62,500 00
-$2I9.?SS 70
Paint Makers 1
ctu
8307,090 83
1
Balance of Profit and Loss carried forward........................
8205.365 9)
RESERVED FUND
Balance at credit of account,
sot U April. 1901 ........
Transferred from Profit and Les.» Account...............
In 1888 tho cotton manufacturing
of Germany had 717,000
has «low
worth
5,860 tons of salmon £040,000, is Britain’s yearly take
districts 1^| spindles. Tho number
to over 1,700,000
*2.44(X2M H 50,708 12
purpose.
Carpets should be thoroughly beat-the wrong side first, and then on the right side, after which spots may be removed by the use of ox gall or ammonia and water.
A tablespoonful of ammonia in a gallon of warm water will often restore color in carpets.
It will also remove whitewash from them.
If oilcloth is laid down where the sun will shine on it, much of it will stick fast to the floor unless paper is laid
under it.
Do not wash oilcloths or linoleum in hot soapsuds.
Wash them with tepid water and wipe with a cloth dampened in equal parts of cold milk and water.
Manilla paper pasted over the backs of pictures will exclude dust perfect-
grown
stop* me Coutil
«—«•	JsAswas
en on
$2,500,000 00
nranches of the Bank have been opened during the past year In (iraveuhurst, Ont., Wlngham, Ont., Stnnstend, Que., and in Toronto at the corners of Bloor and Bathurst stieets and Queen and TVrauUy «tree's.
Premises have been secured In London, Ont., and a Branch will shortly be opeu-nl
All Branches of the Bank hive been Inspected during the past 12 months.
B. B. OSLER,
President.
For Over Slaty Years
¦ese
ask for " Moi. Wisslow sMothis» llvmif»."
In one day
In 1870, 80 words a minute was tho record over telegraph wire. 600 arc easily sent to-day.
are
Lever's Y-Z (Wise Head) Disinfectant Soap Powder dusted in the bath softens tho water at the same time that it disinfects.
Tho shortest name possessed by any town or village in Great Britain is Oa, the name of a village in Islay.
nervous
palpitation of the heart, rheu matism, sciatica, partial paralysis
St Vitus complaints ami the functional troubles that make the lives of so many women a source of almost constant
I)o not take any but
anaemia ness
Toronto, 28th May, 1902
Mr. E. B. Osier moved, seconded by Mr. W. D. Matthews, and
Resolved,—That the report be adopted.
It was moved by Mr. John T. Small, seconded by Mr. Thomas Walmslcv, and Re solved,-That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Pres.dent, Vice President and Directors for their services during the past year.	_
It was moved by Mr. William Ross, M.P., seconded by Col. Mason, and Resolved,-That the thanks of this meeting be given to the General Manager, Managers, Inspectors and other Officers of the Bank for the efficient performance of their respective duties.
It was moved by Mr. Anson Jones, seconded by Mr. B. Cumberland, and Resolved,-That the poll be now opened for the election of seven Directors, and that the same be cloied at 2 o'clock In the afternoon, or ns soon before that hour oa five minutes shall elapse without any vote being polled, and that the scrutineers, on the close of the poll, do hand to the chairman a certificate of the result of the poll The scrutineers declared the foil gentlemen duly elected Directors for the ensuing year : Messrs. A. W. Austin. W R. Brock, M.P., T. Baton. J. J. Foy, K C. William Inco. Wllrnot D Matthews and E
dance, kidney and 1 ivci
Britain has 135,000 fas-
ti rent tories.
Mir aid’s Liniment the best Half Res'orer
the
misery
genuine, which have the full name "Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale
the wrapper around ev-Sold by all dealers, or
Mlnafd’s Liniment Cures La Grippe
The longest speech In the British Parliament was made by Mr. Gladstone when introducing the Budget in 1853. He spoke for five hours and three-quarters.
GREAT CANADIAN BICYCLES.
It is no small compliment to the
Canadian artisan that Canadian made bicycles positively control tho market here and in the other colonies. They have tho good lines and finish of the best American wheels, but are more solidly and carefully built “Cleveland,**
“Brantford,** and are famous the world over to the Canada Cycle & Motor, Co., Limited, 34 King St., West, Toronto, for catalogues.
People, on box
sent postpaid at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50, by addressing the Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockvillc, Out.
Charles Dibdin holds the record of
than
1/
more songs
having written any other English composer
w r o nsi
Foreigner—“What are they chasing
that innocent-looking couple out of
they are
throwing things at them ! T here, a boot has just caught him under the ear \ What does it mean ?” Citizen —“Why, that's the bridal pair starting on their honeymoon.”
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
¦Hi
imititt
^fvMl7pM.ceto^Lbotüe‘
for ? bee
house
that
ROYAL POULTRY KEEPERS
Tho
"M«: scy-IInrris,” Perfect'* wheels
Write
THE MOOT POPULAR DENTIFRICE
Poultry keeping is one of the modern delights of society. That it should be so may puzzle those who base their ideas on some disreputable type of farmyard hen, and who have never visited a big poultry show where fancy fowls arc staged in nil their glory. No lover of the beautiful in nature can fail to be impressed by the delicate coloring of some of these aristocrats of the poultry world, the exquisite markings and the quaint eccentricities of others. The arts and sciences of breeding may remain a closed book to us. But the wonderful products of modern fanciers demand admira-The Queen is the first poultry
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
oan
owing
STILL THEY WONDEB.
COOKING DRIED FRUITS
Dried California fruit is usually cooked the wrong way. Even the very best cook books tell you to soak the fruit before cooking, which is to spoil it at the start. Instead, have plenty of warm, not hot, water, and wash each piece separately. Use two bowls. Put the fruit in one, with the water, and have the other empty, to receive it as it is washed. Hub each piece of fruit between your fingers, manipulating it and pulling the edges into shape. You want it to look as much like fresh fruit as possible. When all the fruit has been transferred from one bowl to the other, pour on fresh warm water and repeat the process. If the apricots comparatively fresh, three or four waters are sufficient ; if they bave become dry and hard you will need five or six. When the fruit becomes flexible, and not until then, it has been washed enough-Peaches must be washed until no scum rises to the top of the water left in the bowl. This scum is the fuzz from the peach skins, which are invariably left on In drying the fruit. Prunes need but little washing, and very gentle handling. Washing the fruit in this way softens it without extracting the juices, as is
^After the frmt is washed, put it into a porcelain kettle, with enough hot water to cover it fully, and granulated sugar. The quantity of sugar must be regulated by the tastes of your family —tastes differ greatly in this respect. A heaping tablespoonful to a pound vf fruit is the minimum quantity, a teacupful is the maximum. The last named quantity produces better results in the appearance of the fruit ; a talcspoonful is too little to make the fruit quite clear.
Cover the kettle and stew steadily, taking care not to boil hard, until the fruit is clear ; about fifteen minutes from the time it begins to stew.
Preserves the teeth. Sweetens the breath Strengthens the gumi
B. Osier. M.P.
At a subsequent meeting of the Directors Mr. E. B. Osler M.P., was elected President and Mr. W. D. Matthews Vice-President for the ensuing term.
PHYSICIANS AND SCIENTISTS WERE NEVER SO BEWIL-
Ohio,
free
Brass Band
The Ottawa Miracle is Still Being Discussed at the Regular Meet-oi the Doctors of the Capi-
Tho first railway at tho Cape was opened in 1860 between Ca|>o Town Wellington. It was 58 miles long and cost $2,500,000.
GENERAL STATEMENT
LIABILITIES.
mgs tal City
Instrumente, Drums, Uniforms Etc
and
lion
keeper in the Kingdom, and a regular exhibitor and prize winner at all the great shows ite varieties is the Silkie. a quaint little fowl with white plumage of a silky texture
not actually a poultry fancier a sincere respect for the Silkie fowl, for they are wonderful mothers for rearing pheasants and are much in request at Sandringham. The Queen also has some of the tiniest and
bantams in the country, excellence from a show
$2,228,106 OU
Notes lu Circulation Deposit* not bear lug Interest .. Deposits bearing Interest .........
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Ottawa, Ont., June 2.—(Special)— To say that the miraculous case of George H. Kent, of 309 Gilmore street, had shaken Medical Circles to their very foundation, is putting it mildly.
Tho facts of the case have been so thoroughly and satisfactorily established by Mr. Kent’s sworn statements as to leave no room for misunderstanding or mistake in the matter.
Mr. Kent had Bright's Disease ; he had been in bod for months, gradually getting worse ; physicians could do nothing for him.
His case had reached that singe when his body was terribly bloated.
He was so low that he had convulsions, which were rapidly growing more frequent.
In the interval between these convulsions he was almost entirely unconscious.
In this extremity the physicians at last told his wife one evening that he could not live until morning.
While watching by his bedside Mrs. Kent chanced to pick up a paper containing an advertisement of a cure of Bright's Disease by Dodd's Kidney Pills. It was then midnight, and all the drug stores were closed, but the devoted wife determined, that even at this extremely late hour she would make one more effort to save her husband's life
Accordingly she despatched a messenger, woke up the nearest druggist, procured a box of Dodd's Kidney Pille, which she commenced to administer at once.
Mr. Kent did not die that night, for from the first dose of Dodd's Kidney Pills he commenced to improve. All other treatments and medicines were discarded, and the use of this remedy carefully continued.	,
Gradually yet surely this wonderful remedy arrested the progress of the dread Bright’s Disease.
It took Dodd’s Kidney Pills about six or seven weeks to restore Mr. Kent to good health. This is seven years ago. and he has never lost a day’s work through illness since.
Lowest prices ever quoted. Fine catalogua 600 illustrai lone, mailed free. Write ue for any thing In Mamie or Mamie#: lamtrnmenlN
$ 2,610 704 38 18,851.796 45
One of her favor-
Ms Liniment Is the fell
-20,862, teO 93
Balance due to London Agents. 803,282 18
WHILST MCE & 00., Limited,
The King, if lie is
has
Toronto, Ont and Winnipeg, Man
Newspaper advertisements made their earliest appearance in 1652.
Total Liabilities to the Public.23.484,006 01
Capital Steck paid up.....-----1.
Reserve Fund......$2,600,000 00 ¦¦¦¦
Balance of Profits carried forward.
Dividend No. 78, payable 1st May.
Former Dividend»
unclaimed ......
Reserved for Interest and Exchange Rebate on Bille Discounted
2,600,000 00
are
T» (IRK A COLB :% OXR DU.
206,305 94 62,500 00 141 25
Tnreparatlon m ade from e r ade BE A V MONT TkXaSOIL. Oreatut medical discovery of rec<ntyear*. Amure and speedyourt for all throat, bronch ai aid lung dlienee*, ooewump-
r..
061 E A°Ô*.I ONTM EdÎc ALOOM PANY.
Box 568, Beaumont. Ttxae. U.H
minr test
and their point of view is proved by the number of prizes they win.
Jupiter is 1,387 times ns big as the earth, but only 380 times as heavy.
180,703 70
66,702 30
— 3,016,663 28
You take nine-tenths ¦¦¦Outrageous!99
Litigant
of the dnmngcs?HHHHHH ^¦¦^¦¦i furnish the skill and
learning . for the But I furnish
FEATHER DYEING
729,999,671 29
WIRE WOUNDS
ASSETS.
$1,018,767 44
Clesnlo^Bod Curling asd Kid Q lores clem nr. 1. T
Lawyer eloquence and cause." Litigant: the cause/' Lawyer body could do that."
My mare, a very valuable one. was badly bruised and cut by being caught in a wire fence. Some of the wounds would not heal, although I tried many different medicines. Dr. Bell advised me to use MINAHD’S LINIMENT, diluted at first, then stronger as the sores began to look better, until, after three week», tho sores have healed, and best of all the hair is growing well, and is not white, ns is most always the case in horse wounds.
Specie..........
Dominion Government De* mand Note#... Dt-posit with Dominion Government for Security of Note Circulation ... Note* of and Cheques on oth
er Banka .....
Balances due from other Banka in Can-
BRITISH AMERICAN DYE NC CO.
Montreal, Ottawa, Toronto, Quebec.
Oh
1,402,826 00
any-
25c Currency Bills
BRIGHT BABIES
100,000 CD
A New 160 Cur? enoy Bill will be sent to any ouetomor who, after purchasing o box of Gilead me, falls to find It all that It la recommended.
Are a Joy to Mothers and a Treasure in the Home.
All babies should bo bright, good matured and well. If you have a child that is sickly, fretful, nervous, restless at night, or suffers from stomach or bowel troubles of any mrt, give it Baby's Own Tablets and it will soon be well. There is no other medicine in the world will fo safely and speedily cure indigestion. sour stomach, colic, constipation, diarrhoea and teething troubles. Thousands of grateful mothers speak of this medicine in words of warmest praise. Mrs. Fred. Power. 18 Scollard street, Toronto, says: '•Mv baby suffered greatly from indigestion. She was pale and very thin and would cry with pain in the stomach, and sometimes would not ml cep either day or night. I got a box of Baby’s Own Tablets and they have made a great change in my little one. She now digests her food readily; is not troubled with the pain in the stomach, mad has grown quite plump. I do not know of any medicine that can equal Baby’s Own Tablets for little own."
Th;s medicine is guaranteed to contain neither opiate nor other Harmful d-ugs. Children take the tablets as readily as candy and crushed to a powder they can be given to the smallest, weakest baby. Sold at all drug stores, or sent post paid at 25c. a box by addressing The Dr Williams' Medicine Co., Brock ville, Ont., or Schenectady, N. Yt
1,081,620 04
706,603 80
adn
F. M. DOUGET
due
other
Balances from
Bank# elsewhere than in Canada and the United Kingdom ...........
Provincial Government Secur-Itlee ..........
Canadian Municipal Securities and British or Foreign or Colonial Public Securities other than Canadian.
Railway and oth er Bonde, De tenture* and
Stocks ........
Loans on Call se
Srt&SîS: 8,012,004 83
Weymouth
TO PRINTERS
Great Britain brews £69,000,000 worth of beer a year.
683,704 09
F0* SAU.—Tw* ^-revolution Campbell Presses, bed 40x86 InoheD. Splendid order. Prloe 01,000 eooh. Terme easy.
0. FRANK WILSON,
73 West /delaide $t., Toronto
PUL-MO
Husband (to wife, who la singing)
__"My dear, you are a marvellous
singer. You ought to he with Car) Rosa, tho great singer/’ Wife (fluttered)—"Do you really think so, John ?" Husband—"Yes, my dear. I wouldn’t flatter you for the world." Wife (after a minute of thought)—"But Carl Rosa is dead!" Husband—‘T know that "
WILL CURI
96,624 22
difficulty ol breathing,
the chest, wasting away of flesh, throat troubles, consumption, coughs, catarrh, colds, pneumonia and pleurisy.
A SAMPLE FSEE BY MAIL to every sufferer. Pul-Mo is for sale by all druggists at $i.oo per large bottle, and 15 cents for small bottle, or direct from
THE PUL-MO CO.. TORONTO. ONT.
Dominion Line Steamehipi
MilkSOo.
712,73: 83
2,610,018 IS
Mlnafd's Liniment for Rheumatism
$11,877,734 03
à Os
- a
“So Jack is married, eh? Do you think he’ll get along well with his wife?
They sang in the same choir for two years without quarrelling."
Bill# Discounted and Advance#
Current ......
Overdue debt# (eetlmated los# provided for).. Beal Fatate. other than Bank
Premise* .....
Mortgagee 0 n Real Estate sold by the Bank... Bank Premise# . Other Asset# not Included under foregoing head#
The y on fly loss by wear on Brit-
for the
$17.101,062 08
rel'aTÆnts WANTED
eiptnMi. .*W f—4	ho. MT,
ION CON ONT.
I’m quite sure he will
ish gold coins is £48,000 whole world the loss is estimated at £230,000.
18,801 46
44,0^0 41
Page Woven Wire Fence
Owing to the variation# of the Canadian climate,
. onsiderable allowance roust be made tn all fence# for contraction and expansion, which makes an ordinary wire fence unserviceable, aa when it expand# It becomes so loose a* to prove of little vaine. N
¦HHBgr	y fretting- Ill# fag# Wtr# f tags Cs., HwH#R1 Walkeryllle Oat..*
Mamma, my birth day comes this year on n Monday
last, year it was on Sunday, wasn't
¦¦Hhikhi •
"Did it come on Saturday the year
ma, how many days in the week won 1 bora ua2"
Little Janie
c
13,371 19 436,133 40

8
And
Yes, dear
it?
lHn«NATtONHIH»tCi«l»0-
Wood * Pmoîo. t
ÿtJ.L JONES tNG C9^
V 166 BAY STflECT -IOWMW
it?
yes
9,278 70
17,6217*7 34
Mum
Yes, clear
628.9WÎ1 22
T. G. BROUGH, Ueuana mk April, i| L
l
I
L-
	


	
###PAGE###7###

r
. -HV:

»


FROM ERIN'S GREEN ISLE
sister whose sweet fate was perhaps	[«.ft
the saddest of all ; or the pale, sorrow-stricken mourner who warn soon to have been the husband of Margaret Hivers.
They laid her to rest in the family vault in the pretty grton church-yard of Thornton. The sun shines over her grave, flowers bloom 01 nour it. and birds sing round It.
• She, with all her faults and sins, |	F'*
© her sorrows and fears, will rest well Ÿ until
w this world.	I One of the greatest hindrances to For a number of years the Wiscon-
^ It was the evening of the day of the farmer's success is his failure to sin experiment station has been mak-, the funeral. The guests had all do- kccp accurate accounts of his farm ing tests to determine the exact ef-young lady has met with an arci- purlcd ; the confusion was all over, tnuihaactions. Most farmers keep no feet of different classes of feeds upon dent while walking in the park. nnd u 8ombor quiet had fallen upon acc0uni at all of what they get or the hogs intended for market. Sum-Hhttll wo go there first ?"	Lisle Court.	what they spend. They buy when mar being the work of three carefully
Hut even ns ho stood giving his	Mrs. Wyverno sot in her own room;	they	have	to and pay	for	it	when	conducted experiments, Prof.	Car
directions, ho saw three of the *cr- | paj5*y was with her. Although the |	they	can,	and cannot	tell	for	their	lyle finds that feeds which are	given
vants running from the stile that day was warm, a fire burned in the I Jives whether they are making or to growing pigs exercise a marked led into tli© woods, white and grate ; the chill of sorrow bad | losing money. As a result of this influence upon the proportion of fat breathloos, culling loudly for help. taken possession of the poor lady. hax method the farmer often spends to lean meat in the carcase*. They lie went to meet thepi. Jennings, Daisy, in her deep mourning-dress, more than ho ought, buys at the niay also materially affect the do-	I	I
the footman who usually waited on 8at by her side, trying to forget her | Wrong time, spends money for things velopmcnt of internal organs and the Birkenhead and district and Belfast Miss Lisle, came first.	own sorrows in soothing that of | that he could do without, and then breaking strenth of bones and ten
"My lord," he said, "I am afraid others.	has to use every possible means, and dons,
there is something wrong in the Lord Lisle was alone in the üb- ! often oven borrow to meet necessary A ration of peas and shorts gives woods. Something is lying there we rary, wearied and oxlmuscd by the j expenses. Hut the farmer will say a largo proportion of lean meat, dare not*touch. Will you come ?" horror and misery he had passed that ho is not a book-keeper and firmer flesh, stronger bone and more 'I hey went all together, leaving the	through, unable to read, to write,	that	he does not know	how	to	go at	blood than a ration of corn and rye.
bright, warm sunshine, and going	or to do anything save think of the |	to	keep	accounts.	Ho	does not	The full ration of pens also	gave
into the cool, deep shade of the	scenes he would	have	given	worlds	1 nPod to bo a book-keeper. Anyone	more marked results in each of those
woods. The birds were singing in	to forget.	I who knows the ordinary	operations	than did a ration of peas and shorts
tie hearts of the tall trees. Somo- it was not yet dark ; but he had Qf arithmetic can keep all the no- when compared to corn and rye. The tiling—u confused mass of shining | drawn the blinds, unable to endure ; counts necessary on the farm, the ration of corn and rye fed to grow-8iik—lay In the long, thick grass, the sight of the summer sun.	simpler the better.	ing pigs tends to retard the develop-
Tho wind played with a mass of	The butler came in to say that a First, at the Beginning of each merit of internal organs and to inblack, rippling hair,	man requested to see his lordship on year, say April 1, for that is the I jo- crease the proportion of fat meat.
They drew near in hushed breath, very important business.	ginning of the farm year, every farm- The thigh bones of pigs fed upon
One round, white arm, clasped by u “I cannot see him to-night, Mar-1er should make a list of the probe- peas were on the average 20.9 per diamond bracelet, lay still and cold	tin,” said Lord	Lisle,	wearily,	'	i	ble year's expenses. This	list should	cent, stronger than those of pigs of
the silken robes. Lord Lisle	am tired and ill."	include so much for help,	for black-	the same age and breeding given
knew what lay there when he saw “So I told him, ifly lord," wns the ! smith's bills, for new machinery, if corn.
that.	! reply ; "but ho implored mo so any will be needed, for seed, for With breeds noted for fineness of
The men drew back as he went to I	earnestly to ask your lordship	for an	household expenses, etc. These	csti-	bone, such as some strains of the
the quiet figure, lie parted the mass	interview I could not refuse.	His	mates should be carefully made	and	Polancl-China, this is a very importai fern leaves and raised the face,	manner is so strange, my lord, I	ft little too .large rather than	too	ant item. At prices which ordinari-
beautiful and still in death.	cannot help thinking he has somo- small. A fanner who has had any ly prevail in the market, corn in a
There was a loud cry of grief and	thing of vital importance to	com-	experience at all and makes his	es-	cheaper feed than peas. However, in
horror ; but he knelt in silence, lift-	municato.”	i#	timatos with care, will find that he	raising breeding stock it may be a fl-
ing the prostrate i guro and raising “What kind of a man is he ?" will come below them, and the tend- visable to feed a high-priced ration the head.	asked Lord Lisle.	ency will be to try to do .sto, when if it will thereby but Id up nn animal
As ho did so lie caught eight of “Tall and dark, my lord, with a h; tjlorc were no accounts ho	of stronger vitality. All the experi-
the fatal pistol.	| strange, wild face—fierce and hand- WOULD NOT TIIINK OF IT. ment# in the three tests noted go to
“Oh, dreadful deed !" he cried | soute."	prove that hogs are more profitable
"She has been murdered—shot ! Who As the man said the words there Then every venture on the ^ farm w|ien f(.d a balanced ration, are more can have done this ?"	suddenly flashed across Lord. Lisle should be kept account of. For in- Healthy and more vigorous
A deep sob broke from his lips ns	ttio remembrance of the man whom stance, against the field of rye there	course the ration will be determined
he tenderly covered the white face,	he had seen speaking to Rita on the should be charged so much for in-	iargC]y by the price of feed, but for
Ho did not think how she came by	cliff at Sunhay. Could it be the tcrest on the value of the field, so	young ftn*jIIUljs this should not be
her death, lie only felt the bright,	same, and had ho come to tell the , many days’ work for man and team,	gjVPI1 a8 much- weight as it is later
beautiful girl, who loved him so secret that belonged to her ?	iso many loads of manure at a fair wjlen they arc being prepared for
dearly—who was soon to be his wife “Show him up." said Lord Lisle ; value, so many bushels of seed; end	mari<0t.
—lay before him dead.	"and, Martin, see that some of the to balance, you should enter the nc-
Jn silento they carried her up the men are at hand to answer the count of the rye and straw sold. So broad marble staircase decorated for bell."	with every field crop. In this way
the wedding, into the room she had jt was the same—Lord Lisle knew and only in this way can the farmer Milking is an operation which reliait morning left. In silence and him at a glance—the same man who tell what he is making out of his quires skill, as it has an important tears they laid lier upon the bed had rushed past nim that day on crop and what his fields will pro- effect on the amount and quality of where so lately her wearied head had	the cliff. duce best. He may find after trials	milk given
lain. They left some to watch in	q he butler withdrew and closed the that ho always loses money on corn	there are as great differences between
the darkened room, and then Lord	floor behind him. Then Lord Lisle, j and oats in a certain field, but	milkers as between cows and that
Lisle went down to seek those who looking in the man’s fine, found it makes when he sows it to rye or cow» will do much better with some waited for him so anxiously.	while, worn, and wild, as though leaves it in grass. The lesson should milkers than with others. Indeed,
Mrs. Wyvorne started up at his en- rest,	sleep,	and	peace	were	strangers	be so plain not	to	sow	it	in corn or	good cows are often almost	ruined
trance.	to	him.	Ho	came	near	the	table,	oats.	by poor milkers.
and Philip saw that his hands rlho some kind of accounts should 'fhe milker should avoid handling trembled and his lips quivered.	be kept with the stock. The hay	the cow more than is necessary and
"Sit down," said Lord Lisle, ! given to the cows should be estimât-	jie should make it a rule to do his
kindly ; "you look ill."	ed, the feed measured, and with the	work quickly and thoroughly.
The man taok no heed to his | value of the labor expended on them	should never go from a sick to
should be charged against them.	wep cow without first cleansing his
Then credit them with the butter and	|lands. The habit of wetting his
milk sold and used by the family,	hands	with milk is	filthy in the ex-	l,n" 1	0,1
and the value of the skimmilk used.	trpmc	and should never be practised.	{,e,V.	¦!
If you have reason to think that	Some	people think	it necessary, hut	l,aL v	• a
any one cow is not paying her way,	this is a mistake. The hands should	lc»van*
keep a separate account of her for	be kept dry. If they are not it is	While the viceregal party] HI
a few weeks, and if you find that she	impossible to prevent drops of milk	passing through Dublin from Loop*
is unprofitable,	get rid of her	at	from constantly	falling	from them	nrdstown races on Saturday	<	n
and put	in	her place a cow that	into the pail.	ing the lending pair of horses	of	tin
. Keep a	like	The pap should	be held	close to	the	last carriage stumbled and fell	in	Or
the hogs, sheep	and	lKi(icr> so as to	expose the milk	to	mond Quay, near the Four Court»
poultry, not	forgetting	to credit	thc air as little as possible.	The	The	occupants	were	uninjured,
them with what	is	used	in	your own ! farther the stream falls and the	more	English	Irish	Canadian.	German
family.	it sprays the more dirt and bac-	:	crows will compete ir
Dut my farmer reader has already	toria	it collects.	Contamination international Doat. race held ir
begun to say:	"If I did nil that, I [rom the fore milk must be avoided	. it| ( ork Exhibition
would not have time to do any farm- by discarding the first few streams .wiu bc *,nt to the Bri
s	,ri‘Æ.s
the accounts will take but a few	drawn is always poor in butter	‘
mSi::	WiSI
those who arc so lost to all sensiH of patriotism as to insert Canndiar emigration advertisements and vise people to emigrate
what you do spend to the best advantage.
•Carefully kept accounts make thrift and guard against extravagance. It is true that farming is not as profitable as it was years ago in the "good old days” the older farmers toll of; but wo believe that there is still profit in farming if you conduct it us you would conduct any other business enterprise.
#*#»#*@#e*#**oe*#*#ao*#*#*@*#»e*#*#»#*#*#*#*#
I FOR FARMERS I
HO
o
WHAT IS GOING ON IN THl LAND OF THE SHAMROCK.
i The Fatal Dower
t
old
*

Seasonable and Profitable Mints for the Busy Tillers of the Soil.
Some Personal and Business Notei That Will Interest Irish-
Canadians.
?
OR
An anti-treating league is gaining members in Ireland.
Mr. .James Boyle, the Nationalist M. P., for West Donegal, ho» resign cd hi» sent.
A centenarian named Darby Plana* gan has just died near Knockdcrry, Limerick, aged 105.
Thomas K ce ley was executed at Galway jail for tlio murder of an old woman with whom ho lodged.
«
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
FARM BOOK-KEEPING
EFFECT OF FEED ON SWINE
2
0
0
PUEUEDINO
SYNOPSIS CHAPTERS.—Margaret Howard, on the eve ot dcpuriuro to Join her
«.etly ms*Tied husband, leaves
Hivers and is
.Susan rears
b jr own, and dies
OF
her
child with Susan drowned at sea
child, Daisy, us lier da ugh tor, Margaret, alone know» Daisy’s necrot. Lrrd Lisle seeks mi child, and Murga et, taking Daisy » birthright, announces herself h® daughter. She falls in love with hi nephew, Philip. Daisy, Lord Lisles
true daughter, 1oiue her foster-sister, and captivates Philip, who Lor# Lisle, on his death-bed, make# l,l(V iniso to tiarry Rita. Philip becomes Lord Lisle ; ask# her to marry him Ralph Ashton, to whom she is cn‘ geged, writes asking her to be 1,110 to her promise.
the
As a result of the tax on cereals the price of bread has been raised in
Three thousand pounds’ worth o! bacon has been jeopardized by o strike of the men employed by a firm of bttcon-curcrs at Cork.
In succession to her late husband Mrs. Coo to has been appointed actuary of the Armagh Savings Ilank, at a salary of £180 a year.
Seven thousand mackerel have beer caught in one night’s fishing off Kin-sale by the crew of a fishing srnacl from the Scilly Islands.
At Belfast on the 14th ult. tin foundation stone was laid of a medical institute which is being erected at the expense of Prof. Whitla.
Fastened together with a pin, four bills for articles bought at Belfast in 1894 have just been discovered ir the crop of a fowl purchased at ' l •
"A wandering an Irish newspaper Scotchman who other day with streets of Dublin.
ui uiiu v«i. v.wiiB nut ycv tivrn , wu» i»« or aritnmciic can keep an tn< confused muse of shining | drawn the blinds, unable to endure : counts necessary on the fana,
simpler t he bet tôr.
The butler came in tu say that a First, ttv	v.
man requested to see his lordship on year, say April 1, for that is the bo-
I ginning of the farm year, every farm-
CIIAFTER XXIV.
Lisle
The breakfast hell rang in Court. Daisy was the first to descend. Lord Lisle and Mis. Wyxerne
%oon joined lier.
Philip’s first question was ;
When* is Kiln ?"
She will he down soon, without
doubt," said Mrs. Wyxerne
not heard how* she fa "
•'She promised to tee me before 1 went away," said Lord Lisle. "1 must go at elexen—it is nearly ten
nil Into this morn-
on
• i
I i
1 have
foreigner" is how describee o
was charged the loitering in the
now. Wo are
f »
tng
No Rita came, and Mrs. Wyverno sent one of the footmen to summon The rose.
The maid came in. bowing fo indly to Lord Lisle
* * I low is Miss Lisle this morning?"
asked Mrs. Wy verse
' My lady has not plied the maid.
night not to disturb her until rang."
' 1 will go," said Daisy, remind her that Lord Lisle goes at
eleven
A Dublin mechanic has made o kettle, cup, saucer, basin and spoor out of a single farthing, a feat often attempted, but never previously performed.
pro-
of
13,000-ton twin-screw steamship Corinthic was launched or the 11th ult. by I Tar land & Wo I IT Belfast, for the Shaw, Savill Albion line between London
The new
rung yt,” re-"Sliu wished mo lust
she
une
anc
"I will
New Zealand
Cork claims that its exhibition it international, os well as représenta# tivc of the industrial life of the court try, and helpful in stimulating it Nineteen years lui» elapsed since thi last exhibition was held there.
SKILL IN MILKING
Do not wait breakfast for v ; I shall stay with Rita."
Daisy was absent ten minutes
returned looking pa o
mo
or
more. She
and startled
"Rita has gone out," tbo
Dairymen know that
said,
Mr. J. W. Flynn, a member of tin
wh<
slowly.
Lord Lisle looked relieved.
"She is all right, then, I suppose,’ ho said, "and has gone for a plearnt early walk."
“It seerns strange,
the Cork Examiner the Canaries on a liou.ltI
staff of went to trip, landed at Santa Cruz on 3rd inst. and took rooms at a Since that night he has been seen or heard of.
th«
ho
said Mrs. W
"Why did she not ring for
9 9
not
tel
"Philip," she cried, "have you found her ?"
"Yes,” said Lord Lisle, sorrowfully ; "we have found her. ”
"Where, and how ?" she asked.
Hut when lie sat down by her side and tried to tell her, his courage and strength gaxc way. Lord Lisle buried his face in his hands, and wept aloud.
llo told them at last, holding their hands in his, and begging them, for heaven’s sake, to bear it well. Daisy's scream of horror rang in his ears for days afterward. Mis. Wyvcrne looked as though she would die from the shock.
"Who can have dene it ?" cried Daisy, beside herself with grief. "My sister had no enemy ; she never did anyone wrong or harm."
"She had a secret in her life," said Lord Lisle—"some secret that has cost her dear. Paul, the head gardener, who has just returned from Thornton, tells me he saw Miss Lisle crons the park this morning with n tall, dark man. He paid no particular attention to Mm, believing him to be a visitor. Rely upon it, that man is her murderer. Who was he, Daisy, and what had .ho to do with your sister who was to have been my wife ?"
‘ They went up to the room where
attendants watched their lady. Wo leave them there—
vorno
ThcreiellllHHHIIIHipi
At that moment she caught sight of the maid’s stood at the door. | sentiment of some
“What is it, Daisy ?" she asked, starting from her seat.
Daisy got up and threw one arm around her.
¦ “Do not be frightened," she said.
Thorese is alarmed. Rita has gone ovt ; but the strange?! thing is her bed has not been slept in, and the things laid ready for her to put on have never been touched."
Theresa came in.
“1 do not understand it, madame" she said to Mis. Wyvcrne. "My lady has not even taken off lier jewels or her dinner dress—I cannot find them.”
Mrs. Wyvcrne turned to Lord Lisle.
"Philip, my dear," she said, “what is it ? ‘See what it means."
"It moans nothing," said Loid Lisle gently. "Rita has in all probability gone out. She is somewhere in the gnrdCîiâ or in the ground?»—perhaps oven somewhere in the house. Daisy and I will look for her. Thcroi-e, stay with Mrs. Wy-vorne. Not one word of this nonseme before the servants, mind !"
"Tell her how she has frightened me," said the cldtr lady, in a trembling voice. "Bring her here quietly.”
They went to the drawing-room— the library—the state room»—they searched the whole house, but there was no sign of Rita. > Daisy grew frighte cd.
"It is all nonsense !" said Lord Lisle. "She is out in the grounds."
He called two of the footmen, and told them "Miss Lisle was in grounds. Would they go anj, / fell her the breakfast JlfULfGng ?"
The men went on their errand. ! to be sent down at once.
Lord Lisle stood by the library win- came ; the neighboring gentry all dow. Neither Daisy nor he spoke joined in the search ; a reward of one word.	two thousand pounds was offered by
The men were absent nearly half Lord Lisle ; government offered two an hour. Neither one qp_the other hundred more ; but all seemed vain, had been able to discover Miss Lisle. There was no clew, no trace, no
Then, for the first time. Lord Lisle sign of the assassin.
A few days passed in mourning toll Mrs. Wyvcrne, ! and gloom that no words can de»-"Ask her to come j cribo. An inquest was held at the
Hall, but no evidence could be pro-
They ell stood there, helpless and j cured which threw any light upon uncertain what to do. Nothing the most mysterious murder of seemed out of place. There was no modern times. The pistol found near disarray of jewels or dress ; the the spot bore neither mark nor name; pretty white morning wrapper, with still, the detectives hoped to obtain its crimson ribbons, lay untouched | some clew from it. upon the chair.
"She has not Mrs. Wyvcrne ; "that Philip, what has become
child ?”	I
"We will soon know," he replied.
The great bell in the hall was rung, the men servants ail asseinbl- j wa9 aroused as it had seldom been ed, and in lose than ten minutes before.
they were dispersed over the grounds j The day came when all that was searching for one they would never : mortal of the erring, unhappy girl
was hidden from the sight of men. into with all her grand beauty, her glar-the park. He was bewildered. They j ing faults, Margaret Rivers passed turned to him for directions, and he ; away, and her place knew her no knew not what to say. The sun | more.
shone so brightly, the flowers bloom* I There never was a sight to equal ed. the birds sung—everything was | that funeral procession ; the guests bright and gay. What shadow of ( invited for the wedding came to do sorrow or wrong could fall that : more honor to it. The bells that beautiful morning ? There was not 1 should have rung out with a merry a cloud on the smiling summer sky— peal for her marriage tolled Tor her
clear, perfumed <Lath Those who saw it will never
forget it. They will never forget the we go my lord ?" aged lady whose tears and sighs "Perhaps the moved all hearts ; tfco golden-haired
# f
At a "wake" in Limerick, with tlx u Town Hall caretaker as chief char actor—dead, of course—the illigantlj carved
lie
scared look as she A midden pregreat trouble
word».
"My lord." he said, "suddenly, my name is Ralph Ashton. The girl who has been buried to-day, who was to have been your wife next week, was my promised wife three years ago—bound to me by every tie —bound to me by love so passionate by an oath so solemn, nothing could break it.
"You may look at me, my lord ; but my words tire true ; she was mine, and I lovM her—all, what words can tell how ! The ground whereon she stood was precious to me ; I worshipped her ; I was her slave. She said she loved me. She gave me sweet kisses, sweet words, and loving looks. When I went away to sea she swore to be true until I returned, and thon to be my wife.
royal arms that used tc the hall’s portico disap They were found in the of Councillor Joseph

were
i «
once
will give you a profit account with
BB. A. W. CHASES OK
CATARRH CURE... £UC.
kept in one
All the field crops can 1 book, as the entries for them will
MA»
Estimate the amount of hay ] on the outside, and the route .taken him- but Minchon struck him in the
by the aewly-wedded pair I» indi-1 fftCe all,i then sank, cated by a lin<* of iaphhlszuli, the - of the towns at which a stay made being inserted in enamel.
Hi
CUMOVS 'WEDDING GIFT
l« sent direct to the diseased 5^ Parts by the Improved Blower.
)) Heals the ulcers, clears the air passages, stops dropping*
5 throat and potmanantly cures , Catarrh and Hit Fever. Blower free. All dealers, or Dr. A. W. Chase Modicloe Co., Toronto and Buflalo.
ad-
in the
weeping dead
grief is sacred, And their sorrow is no light one.
Lord Lisle took no rest ; the whole country side were roused to search for the perpetrator of the dark deed; the news ran like wildfire, and created a sensation that was never equalled.
"The beautiful Miss Lisle, who was to have been married next week, had been found dead, shot through the | the heart."
Lord Lisle telegraphed to London for the first detectives in the city
"When I returned she was gone— she had tried to prevent me from knowing where. I sought hep-found her. She flung my love back with scornful words ; she roused all the pride and anger in me. 1 was a man : »ne turned me into a devil."
"Why tell me all this ?" interrupted Lord Lisle. "Let the poor girl’s faults be buried with her."
"You must hear it f" he cried, "it concerns you most of all. I meant to keep her secret ; but, it seems to me, if bci soul is to rest justice must be done."
He drew a packet of papers from his pocket.
"There, my lord," he said ; "look at these. You will find from them that the girl who lies in Thornton Churchyard duped you as she duped mo ; deceived and tricked you ns she did me. She was not the late Lord Lisle’s daughter, she was the child of Susan Rivers. The farr-haired girl she called her sister is Miss Lisle. Look at these papers and let justice be done."
full
entries given.
in a portion of the barn, which can bo easily done by taking measurements, charge it against the cattle, and feed only them from it until it is gone; likewise weigh a ton or half ton of feed and charge it against So do with the feed of other
in a lecture spoke
Mr. O'Donnell, M. P delivered lately at 1i alec, very strongly against the cnlistnx at of irishmen in the British army. The speaker said he attributed this large enlistment not to any love that the Irish had for England, but to drink, poverty and ignorance of national
duty.
names was
SHAM CHAMPAGNE
them
stock and with the poultry.
When once you have started the system of accounts you will be surprised to see how little work it is, and you will also be surprised to
gggnmch more profit you will
have at the end of the year when you kept no accounts will find yourself planning how to make the things which are least profitable more profitable; getting rid of unprofitable stock, guarding against spending money unnecessarily and spending
charn-
Thc manufacture of sham pagne is a flourishing business.
American apples arc corod, sliced,
to	there
converted into cider. With the ad- The Duke of Connaught, in present (lition of carbonic odd gas and yeast ing colors ¦ and a little flavoring powder, the Northumberland Fusiliers at Kich-cider becomes champagne, and much mond Barracks, Dublin, recently, reef it comes to this country, and is ferred to the gallant services of the drunk under the delusion that it is regiment—the old "Fighting Fifth" the real article.	-during the 213 years of its exist-
<>nco, and said that in South Africa the regiment had nobly kept up its i reputation.
to the 4th Battalion
see how
than
You
felt alarmed ¦¦and Daisy,” he said up into Rita’s room."
"Go
Saturn has eight moons ; Jupiter four ; Mare two ; the earth one.

Seized With Cramps.
(To ,Ue Continued.)
Acute Indigestion.
All England rang with the news, slept here," said people who had seen Miss Lisle in is certain. all the splendor of her beauty could of my | hardly credit the fact. Never was anything so sad ; young, lovely, wealthy, about to be married to a man she loved. Popular indignation
A PUSHING RIVER
The river Tarn, Into which a village with 275 inhabitants is reported to be sliding, is one of the most interesting j of the waterways of France. It has carved itself a path in the great limestone plateau of the Cevcnncs, with the result that it reproduces in miniature the canons and other features of tne Colorado river in the United States. There arc rapids in those canons which can be shot with sensations which are said to he thrilling by those who have experienced S them one not
very little known by English tourists. but there is script!on of it in
Evidence to Provo that Indigestion of the Worst Kind Can oo Cured and Cured Permanently by Dr. Chase s Kidney-Liver Pills
More

fir I in life again.
Lord Lisle followed the men
is now
for the benefit of other sufferers. •
and made me feel like a different person	. v
You need not lose time and money in experimenting with new and untried mcdimie» ou Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills ore backed by almost a life-long experience of the great phv sic inn and npt book author. They have proven their superiority in «cores of cafes In o\o y community. As, ><>m fnuid# uLout them. One pill » dose ; 26 cents a box. -t all dealers, or Edmanson, Balte fc to., ioiunto.
About two years ago I became
f •
bo
The excursion is often made, and. indeed,
an admirable do-< of ' '
am-Ed ward? ’ books of travel. One can imagine the floods that will follow if the landslip should cruse ft ton-
know that
not a sign in the breeze
Where shall asked one of the men
# #
of t
povary
###PAGE###8###

f.



. m , ¦
\ :r

Ï»
-






«•*



4
p-
E. HODCINS & SUÜ’S ADVT.
Shoes for Everybody
HOLD UP
road thin, if your clothe*
a çnlnnte
arc bfcgflining to approach A condition of innocuous d tude, which wlU make it necessary to discard them, Wc want.
Two thirds of our live*
We spend in our shoes ;
So now on this topic Pray let us enthuse.
Our styles are the latest,
Our stock is complete.
From the cruiser's rough boot To an Oxford, petite.
Wo have shoes for the young And shoes for the old ;
Shoes for the timid,
And likewise the bold.
We have grandfather's slipper# And baby’s first pair ;
Shoe# for t he homely And shoo# for the fair,
Here are shoes for the golfer And shoe# for the a fan,”
And we might find a shoe For the one-legged man.
We re acknowledged headquarters For this cl as# of news,
So call at our stoit?
Fur your next pair of shoe#.
BARGAINS IN WHITEWEAR
your pat rouage—uot for owe time only, 1 perm* . If we oa get the former we are certain to secure the latter. Why! Our stock is so large we
Will have the kind you want. By selling
no many Suite it enables us to sell so cheap. Our At and workmanship are all right.
We have a few lines of Ladies’ White wear which we will offer at greatly reduced prices

M. STEWART.

A. R. McGUIRE,
Night Gowns Underskirts Drawers Chemeses Corset Covers
r
Main Street, Shawville.

The Tailor.
The Barondale Veterinary tyedicines
±=a


Stylish Dress Goods

-a n d-

«X


Dainty Waist Fabrics I
Before Using
After Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
Animals this season of the yehr require something to purify the blood, remove the old coat of hair, re-tore the appetite and put him in a healthy condition for the Spring work. Our condition medicines Is highly endorsed, hy all who use it We have many testimonials testifying to its good results. Once tried, always used.
Testimonial.—About as bad a case of heaves as ever developed in a horse developed hi one brought to my stable recently. I wa* in a great way to cure him'if possible but so bad was it I had very little hope of doing anything for it. The Barondai k Heave Cure was recommended tome and 1 procured a bottle. 1 gave him onlv two doses, one in the evening and one in the morning, and after that 1 defied person to detect t he least defect in his breathing. As a proof of its good effect I might say that this horse was aftcrwards’sold to a Gtpsey - the liest of judges of horses—who after driving him considerably, on a warm day. failed to *ee the least sign of a defective wind.	Yours truly, JOHN BURKE; Ottawa.
at—	*' '^ÊKÊKÊÊÊÊÊgÊÊÊKÊKÊÊÊKÊÊÊ^KÊÊKM
O’Meara Bros', Bryson ; Wm. Mcore’s, Otter Lake ;
T. A D. Rousseau’s, Campbells Bay ;
J. E. Cahill’s, Calumet Island ; Drug Stare, Shawville ;
These are real nice, well-finished goods, and are sure to sell quickly.
Customers will find that our Stock appeals not only to the “ High Class ” but also to the mighty " Middle Class.”
Now is the time to make your selections of Muslins and Embroideries.
Wool ! Wool ! Wool !
am
We are in the market to pay highest price for good clean washed Wool.
J. F. Cronin's, Ladysmith. Silas Young s, Starts Corners.
W. N. Lucas’, Caldwell.
Have just opened out a complete stock of Groceries—Fresh and Clean.
E. H0DGIN8 & SON.
any road labor on the old read from Kemp’s cioasing to Moore’s Corner.—
Carried.
Moved, seconded and carried that Thoe _
iw tifef1300 tilel e,‘d Robert w,l,on I Try us on Teas. None but the best kept.
Any quantity of Fresh Eggs and Butter wanted. Highest price paid—cash or trade.
Clarendon Council
Town HaP, Shawville,
June 2nd, 1882.
Regular session of the Council this
At this juncture the the Council ad joured.
I
day.
II Matheson. Sec-Treap
School Reports for May.
Members present : Mr Mayor John Stewart; Councilors: W A Hodgins,
James Smith, F Thomas and Thomas McDowell.
Minutes of hat meeting read.
Moved by VY A Hodgins, sec by Co un Thomas McDowell, that the minutes of last meeting be and are hereby confirmed.—Carried.
Meeting adjourned for a short time.
I turned, same Councillors present.
Moved by Coun F Thomas, sec by Coun W A Hodgins, that Coun James Smith is hereby appointed to give out by tender certain work to be done on bridge on George Stanley a creek. In addition a grant of 20 cedars the council
will pay the sum of $10, so as to put it Clarendon, School No. 3—Grade II in a position for the read work to finish it. Sr.—No 1, Pansy Pryne, 2 Eunice
—Carried.	Johncox 3, Louilla Lynch 4, Herbert
Moved by Coun Thomas McDowell,	P®80, ^hade II.—Jr. No.	1, Verte!
sec by Coun Fred Thomas, that Coun	Smiley 2, Eddie Morrison	3, Vance
James Smith and rural inspector PW	Storie 4, Herbert Pryse. Ii. Primer
Ralph, be and a>e hereby instructed to	Sr.—No. 1, Scottie Storie	2, Percy
make a choice between removing the Dagg Daisy Fulford. II. Primer rock between lota 16 and 17 on 20th	1» Emerson Dean 2, Willie
range, or getting the land to go around OlmateadJJ, Willie Crick 4, Norman it on lot 17.—Carried.	Stark and Tommy Dagg equal.
Moved by Coun James Smith, sec by I	% Primer Sr. No.—1, Ethel Bean 2,
Coun WA Hodgins, that the retignaticn	Jessie Fraser 3, Bertha Dagg. I.
of John Smiley as valuator be and is here-	Primer Jr. No.—1, Bessie Harris 2,
by accepted, and that R W Ralph be and	”uy Cr* 3> Elsie Maitland. Primary	lOUF	CholCG alSO	Of	BeVGral	Other makes	ill
is hereby appointed in his stead.— Class No-1, Lena Storie 2, Emma	n	' n	*
Carried.	Dagg 3, Clara Lynch. A. B. C. Class	UOOK	StOVeS	SiQ	Well	&8	&	fine	PRllgG	Of
Moved by Coun W A Hpdgine, sec by	^orence Bean 2, I. and J.	1 m • 1	tt a
Coun Smith, that the following bilie be	Mc>rri.on 3, Kenneth Stark 4, Elsie ±jOX btOVGS 311(1 iTlDlG HGâtGrS
paid : W J Jonc tone, work with stumper « Graham.	^	uva ».
m the road division of Simon Barber,
$3 50; 4 rosd-scrapers and freight to Alrt	-Ui
Smiley, $28 92 -Carried.	Clarendon School No 3.-Grade V.
Moved by Coun W A Hodgins, sec by	C Bertha Quinn. Junior Grade
Coun James Smith, that James Ken-	^ * ^°*"7 May Cox 2, Maggie
nedy get two bairels cf flour (order to Jam	Morrison 3, Eva Dagg 4. Janet Morri-
VVi Ison.)— Carried.	®°n* ^°nior III.—No. 1, Nessie
Moved by Coun Thomas McDowell,	Wharrie 2, Vivien Smiley 3, Florence	-
sec by Coun W A Hodgins, that the	Fnlford 4 ,Freddie Dean and Freddie	ÂfttltPWÎirP TinWPPft	Ftp
v-ard bill of G Oa'dwell b» paid, $57.25, | Smart (equal) 6, Frank Quinn Junior	IC Wdî B, 1 tllWdl Bf LIL,
when examined by the Secretary-Treae-	Hi—No. 1, Louis Stark and Florence	-r-n	a -r-a-rn ir a -w-v	. , ... , . t _
G- B. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
*ec by Coun James Smith, that Rhody j ^0UD8 Edna Stark (equal.)
Donohue get $(i to aesist to open road, I	L Carmichael, Teacher,
after proof that he has done the work.—
. llgjj
g JS irAin ss. rjzsrst

Greermount.—1st Class —Carrie Hamilton 1, Florence McLeary 2, Artie Somerville 3. 3rd Class.—Silas Sum erville 1, Annie Lathem 2, Lena Rooney 3. 2nd Claxs.—Maggie Judd 1, Louisa Lummis 2, Charlotte Rooney 3. 2nd Primer.-Earl Lang 1, Creighton Lathem 2, Charles Lummis 3. 1st Primer.—Clarence Smith!, Mabei Mulligan 2, Percy Somerville, Gladys Smith, Linda Smith 3.
T. W. WILSON & GO.

Selling Out I
' THE FAVORITE
Come in for Bargains
in all lines, *
Everythng Must Go !
We Mean Business !
M. MacFarlane, Tes cher
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.


A BIG STOCK NOW ON HANQ

AT
l|
! !
li
WAINMAN’S.
^ I
•
.1
ARMSTRONG BROS
•t
LADYSMITH.
Bertha M. Grant, Teacher.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
A full line of Stove Furnishings,
Wedding Rings
M
a
P. S—Highsst pries for Hides and Pelts.
See our large assortment of 10-K, 14TT and 18K. Seamless Wedding Rings.
Our Wedding Bings are all that they should be be—there are none better and few as good—and remember—Quality.
Bear in mind our Wedding Rings as well
as the other goods we sell are just as presented.	?
FOR SALE
1er
or can
re-
:: WHYTE ::
THE WATCHMAKER
Opposite Pontiac House, - - - SHawville.
By order, H. MATHB90N,
¦' -i	Sec. Troa*urer.



