###PAGE###1###
i


/I
z
"
z
No. 4. 20th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JULY 10, 1902.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
FIRST-CLASS
)
BANK OF OTTAWA
I FARM FEWCIWCI
A choice stock of picture frame mouldings at imlson*8 Stncflo.
For enlarging, copying, viewing, picture framing and photos of the best platlno finish go to i mi soil’s Photo Studio.
RAMSAY'S PAINTS-the right Paint to paint right. See new picture ad. Inside page. For sale by O. F. Hodgtns, Shaw ville.
FOR SALE ;
1	16-foot selected cedar skiff, new.
2	18-ft., selected white nine skiff, new.
Apply to Geo. Baalantinr,
Bristol, Que.
Yes, you Are I
OTTAWA, CANADA.
.........92,000,000
......... 1,765,000
Head Office: . Capital paid up
OF CANADA.
ONLY
Kelt
130 Cents per BOD |
Board of I)irtctort :
Charles Mao be, Esq., President. GEORGE Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
John Mathkh, Kao.. David MacLapen, Etu*.,
- $6,000,000.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Are What ?
for sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
Hon. Geo. Bryson, Jr Alex. Fraser. Bsq , _
f
Diems Murphy, Esq

Head Office, - Montreal.
Oenorsl Manager, .. .. Manager,
GEORGEBURN D. M. FINNIK
Missing
Some
Big Bargains
Teacher Wanted.

Branches ! IN ONTARIO :
Keewatln,
Kemptville,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
8HAWVILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved seeurlty at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Wanted for School No. 1 Lower Litchfield, Female Teacher, holding first class Elementary Diploma. Application stating experience, and salary wanted, to be addressed to the undersigned not later than the I8th day of July 190*2.
PETER MACLEAN, Sec.-Treas, Bryson,
Que.
Lanark.
Parry bound, Pembroke, Rat Portage
do Bank St; Renfrew do Rideau Bt. Toronto, do Somerset 8L Winchester. Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falls.
IN MANITOBA :
Alexandria,
Amprlor,
A von more, Braoebrtdge,
Carleton
Cobden Hawkesbury,
Wanted at Once—On a farm in Manitoba—a good man and hin wife to work on farm; wife as housekeeper. Will pay $36 per month for five months. Employment in winter at «mailer wages.
John Elder, Norquay, Man.
do
Place,
June 23rd. 1902
If you don’t take advantage of our
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
AocoudU opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours Saturdays .
* Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC;
, null,
Bhawlnigan Falla.
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago-
Bank of Montreal.	. __ . _
Agents in St. Paul-Mercbants Nat Bank.
Agents in London, Eng.—Parr’s Bank Ltd.
Dr. and Mrs. McNaughfcon, returned to Shawville on Thursday evening last, from their wedding tour which extended to Appleton, Wis., via Toronto, Chicago, and Milwaukee.
They report a delightful time among the picturesque scenery of Wisconsin, especially the lake region including Chain O’Lakes, Waupaca, “The Dells'1 and the gigantic paper mills at Port Edwards and Nekoosa on the Wisconsin River.
On the evening of their home coming they were given a pleasant surprise in the shape of a reception, by the Ladies Aid of the Methodist Church, who met them at their residence, and entertained them right royally.
PERSONAL
CLEARING OUT SALE
Lachute.
Montres!
10 A.M.TOS P.M
Miss Amelia McNaughton, oflllunting-don, Que., is visiting at Dr. McNaughton’s
Miss Hinds, formerly principal of the Academy here, is visiting at the rectory.
Miss Mary Wilson, Ottawa, arrived last week, on a visit to relatives.
Mr. H. Hobbs, Ottawa, spent Dominion day at the R.R.A. picnic.
Mr. Heeney, the accountant of the P. P,J.R. is going over the line at present settling up some oil claims for right-of-
10 am.to! p.m
F. A. PARKER, Manager
OF DRY GOODS.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWÇ.
Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, will be at Shawville on third Tuesday in each month, and Camp-boll's Ray the following day to 3 p. in. Parties will oblige very much by calling in the forenoon.
Advertisers and correspondents are reminded that we cannot Insertion of matter uni hand by Monday noon of each week.
ure the
We are bound to clear them out at any
price. Everything Reduced.
It Is In
way
Dont forget the garden party at Work CharteriB. tonight (Wednesday.)
Dr. Stackhouse, dentist will be in Shaw -ville and Campbell’s Ray next week.
The Citizens of Bryson arc talking of having a big day’s sport on Wednesday, July 23rd.
Our local horsemen arc thinking of having a big trotting event, on the track bore some time next mouth.
Mr. Wm. Horner. (Sam’s) was elected School commissioner for Clarendon at Monday's election.
There was a large attendance at the auction sale of Mr. Frank Wilson’s effects on Thursday afternoon.
We notice with pleasure that the name of Master Kenneth Naylor appears in the list of successful candidates who passed the associates in arts examinations at McGill University last week.
The Rev. Thom. J. Wilson, who with his sister, Miss Hattie, is hero visiting his parents, preached at the evening service in St. Paul’s Church on Sunday.
man s
At Shawville, on Wednesday, July 2, to Mr. and Mrs. A. 8. Smart, a son.
At Starke’s Corners, on Saturday, July 5th, to Mr. and Mrs Silas Young, a
Admaston, Ont
Mr. William Edwards, of Snake River, Ont., was married on Wednesday, June 25th, to Mias Sarah McDonald, youngest daughter of John McDonald, Esq., of Admaston, Ont. The ceremony took place on the lawn, being conducted by the Rev. Mr. Helmhuret. Miss Jennie McDonald, sisterof the bride, acted as bridesmaid, while Mr. Robert Bowes supported the groom. The bride was beautifully dressed in cream trimmed with lace and
A few Blouses left from
29 to 45 cents. Were 40c. to $1.00.
Dress Muslins, 5 to 15c. Were 8 to 30c.
Ginghams now going at 8c. Were 10 to 14c.
All Dress Goods reduced down away below wholesale cost.
Children’s Clothing very cheap.
About a dozen Shawvillites took in Fore pa ugh-Sell Bros’ circus at Ottawa last Thursday.
son
The Presbyterian congregation of the village have selected a lot whereon, to erect a church, in the new section recently laid out by Mr. J. Ü. Shaw.
Dr. McNaughton is receiving the congratulations of his Shawville friends these days, having returned with his “ better half” on Thursday evening.
The Orangemen of this neighborhood a tended service iu regalia at ot. Paul’s Church on Sunday morning. The Rev. Alex Elliott preached the sermon.

occurred with the umpire (a Quyon man) and the game full through, much to the
disappointment of a large gathering of onlookers, who then directed their steps to another quarter of the grounds w here the insertion.	watch contest between Miss Ralph and
After the ceremony supper was served, Miss McRae—(the third candidate having and over one hundred enjoyed them- withdrawn)—was now in progiese, and selves. Professor Ilaine furnished the which eventually became the concentra-music. Mr. and Mr*. Edwards left for tion point of very considerable interest, their future home next morning, The mingled with feelings of doubt bride was the recipient of many useful and suspense, until at length the tension Those who prefer a rétu old time shanty	presents.	All wished the happy couple	was relieved by the ringing of the alarm
diuner to the modern article can be	ae-	a pioasaafc	voyage through life.—Com.	which closed the contest and the totalling
connnodated here the 12th, by the Renfrew Mercury please copy.	; up of the figures, which declared Miss
Messrs McArthur, who propose having	_________________________________ I McRae the winner by a close majority,
....«u—.	™	***.*.**.
Dr S Jlnbt. Martin !Dentist, <Tfao Pembroke Ston<Urd i* „f opinion June 2‘.) - The Church of England was !	”"**>&"* with 3\
pàHSSB	fxgfpSp
commencing July 21st.	have little grounds for ho; e that	the	assembled	on the Rectory grounds where	w,th a rou,1f to. h”. crodlfc’ lhere
Hello, Ottawa !—Mr. J. A. Smith, junction will be at Chalk River.	dinner was served.	Uere several others in close succession,
of Smart & Smith, had the pleasure of	Almost twenty scholars from the fol- u ,!>WI"F	8°!ne n,,HUD.fllerstAnding recommunicating	by telephone with the	Mr. Robt. Moodie, of the 43rd Batt.,	lowing places: Pembroke,Calumet Island, pîlIX!in*L ^e handing m of individual score
officials in the	Massey-Harris Company	one of Ottawa's crack shots, and who	Cohden and this village tried	the teachers	™rds’ 1HE /’^ity was unable to furnish
in Ottawa last	Wednesday for the first	had the honor of being one of Canada’s	examination in the U. C.	School last	tl,e 85ore of ttl1 who Participated in the
time, since the	Bell Company have ac-	representatives at Bieley last year, spent	week.	n^u * , n
Dominion day at the Ranee, and captur- Mi s Lillian McCaskill, principal of Tbe 8weef 8blk!! match which followed
. .u« u—.„a	| TSTsaj-àSsir £5r“	“h" rÆÆlrJfS
E’S.'S.LTVm” SLS& ÿvSàî» - w » ** si" »:?' S3** - •^P5‘45Sfl-tLSS
.mUy.’’ ThtZm'lrl tot'.UmZS'L M. H.nr,(llm.lerf and Mi™,SopM.,	«JJ	h” Mr. J.	'	««.h,th. winning «air.
mer were in town on Saturday soliciting The couple left on Thursday for Carleton	Mr- F*ed	Gabo ary	who	has been at
subscriptions towards the erection of a junction and other points,	tending college in Ottawa returned home
Methodist Parsonage at Yarm, which be-	Friday
comes a necessity owing to the recent ^	event took place on The Rev. Mr. Rhodehouse and family
changes that have been made in the dune 18th at Zurich. It being the ooos left last week for Mnberly ; but they will Clarendon appointments.	sion of the marriage of Laura Charlotte, he missed very much by the people.
Th. Twelfth.—Saturday, the Twelfth,	fc °o.'WhiÏTdet of SonZi % Mr
is expected to be an eventful day in Conference The bride was the recipient	r
this village, as it will witness the largest 0f many costly presents, among which was crowd of Orangemen that has ever assem* a handsome tea service presented to her bled here. It i« expected that from 1,000 to by the W.C. T Ü. Mr. and Mrs. White-
irH:i£i®£E EHHBFHIE
in the celebration.	I will proceed to their new h me in Hud




, conjecture
Still In It.—I desire to inform the public that having engaged the services of thoroughly experienced mechanic to take charge of my sash and door factory, I am fully prepared to fill all orders for building supplies in a prompt and satis-
a
Highest Price paid for Produce.
factory manner
J. H. SHAW.

P. S.-Paris Green, N|achine Oils.



quired the Pontiac system


fall
Paris Green
A large supply of refreshments was disposed of during th# day, necessitating pretty acti e attendance on the those who had to look after the At the dining tent when the day closed, therewaa a staff of pretty well fagged out people, rendered so in consequence of the meagre assistance they received in attending the tables. Had better attention been given to this part of the arrangements, more satisfactory as well profitable results would have obtained.
part of booths.
“ Old Probs” must have a kindly interest in the affairs of the Hadford Rifio Association, judging from the excellent
W arranted
Strictly
Pure.

PRISE WINNERS.
Hop, step and jump—R. Hodgi M. McGuire, 2nd. High jump—6.1 1st; E. Cone, 2nd. 1Ô0 yard dash—Tom Hobin 1st ; J. Moran, 2nd, E. Hodgins, 3rd Putting 16-lb. shot—J. McCardnell, 1st ; McGuire. 2nd. Running long jump—
McGuire. 2nd. Boys' Laughren, 1st ; A. Horner, 2nd.
ns 1st Dale
event in the county, and had there been
_	_	,	, » .	.	, time to run off the items of the program
The Equity was shocked to hear of »oo. Que.-Com	consecutively, we think those who at
the very sudden death of Mrs. Auburn. The Orange celebration here on Satur- tended would have had no reason to eldest daughter of Mr. M. Cowley, of day will be held in Mr. J. L. Shaw's complain of the bill of fare which the W.O| | I 1 Bristol Corners on Tuesday morning beautiful maple grove, north of the association provided for there delectation.	08 M
last. The deceased lady, who with her railway track, where preparations ate Butthere were two many ifceinsto admit of l,lL< husband, was spending the summer being made to entertain the large crowd doing this, considering the time necessary months ofc her parents home, was only ill expected. Messrs. McArthur Bros, will to run of the twoshooting matches, which about forty eight hours; death resulted provide the meals and refreshments, and were the principal features of the cele-
from convulsions.	the managing committee intend having bration.	I To readers of The Equity who are in-
Mrs. Walter P. Tierney, of Amprior,	on hand a	good supply of forage for	The day’s proceedings began with	teres ted to any extent in the watch
third daughter of Mrs. Hughes, Collfleld,	horses, so	that all who bring their	shooting for the George J. Bryson silver	contest which took place at the Range on
Que., and w ho had been visiting her own conveyances, will have no difficulty trophy at 600 yards, and while firing at Dominion Day, and who are hearing
t SSSSBsSS "" “	4%-Sr
medical aid could do to ward off the fatal	-»--- elusions in another part of the held |fc j8 this :
blow. Mr. Tierney, who accompanied his	u.u i ii nu	Meantime at the club house a couple of	I simply deny in toto the truthfulness
wife to Collfleld, was present when the	Miss Jennie Meldrum daughter of the	musician, had been installed, and all	of all and sundry of these accusations,
Mrs. Hughes' they found the house quar-	These attractions divided the attention of	present circumstances,	and in view of	the
antined for smallpox, and therefore were	The sad	intelligence comes from	Ari-	the sport-loving, while a number of ladies	prevailing unpleasant	feeling, I am	ex
n	I ^nia, of	the untimely death,	at	the	and others who merely come to have	it should l>e	in-
particularly sad one. and In consequence	P^kercl Mines, near Walker,	in	that	outing, sought the shade of the trees, sod	jf an tndiwidUAl exists anywhere, either
the most unreserved sympathy goes out	State on June 20th, of Mr Archie Rich-	chatted the hours away.	After dinner,	in Shawville or else where, who says I gave
to those upon whom the hand oftribu la-	arda, youngest son of the late Robert	which was served partly	a la thantier,	him or her, any particular information
tion has thus so heavily fallen.	Richards, of Bellerica. The young man, the trophy shoot was continued at the regarding the alarm clock, or who can
SESSSSSSSs	£ îdhMJirsœE^JHBSSSs
the 3rd of September last, with a fair pros-	10 peril, due to a cavern at t ho mine at j	earned out with the result	given below. ;	public at once. And parties who are Hr
pect before her of a bright and happy	which they were engaged. The deceased,	The Shawville devotees of	tne diamond	culating yarns that the time was known
future, with every added blessing that who was a general favorite with ail who having vanquished ihe Victoria lads by a to certain persons, will serve the ends of
ESSFSwrSSH
shattered by that ruthless hand which by many in this village, who will learn teams. The match however, was only wbloh their stories bo seriously lack, feels no pity.	of his sad death with much regret I in progress a abort U • e, when some hitch	J. A. Cowan.

That Watch Contest!—ADemal
Pounds and Half Pounds.

25 and 15 Cents.
THE DRUG STORE,
SHAWVILLE.
If you get it at the Drug Store, it’s good.
/



###PAGE###2###

********
%? *1* •>	•> •>	•> ?«* C* •>
ttgêeboyonrd."lt0 Ule U’"e’	,mS*’	ft lns|u'c,or'	[the patient as quiet as possible un-
telliï niyi/lTT wm onli 'imagT.m- tbo U>fe° rod	°' Catehiniî j An ,n“"B n"ao!!Tof whiskey has	_
1 uent1 upthto 'lTry b,lUnted me ae ii! ““ vcr.v «rate,dl to you,/ nan | eSlVwK sUngs^L^thc^gmat POLISH YOUNG WOMEN MAKE THINGS HIS MATES?:
— 1 MAM~
- ! Bh F	I :H“ “ “ “
ile I**!”®13
i « ?	.. t	*» I is not by any means tlie most ro-
to relieve the heat of the surface.
Ueoo F- Shraay, the Celebrated which is very great in such victims.
Surgeon, Gives Some Valu- Tho persj iration is checked ancf the
able Hints.	temperature is very high.
The patient should always lie on his back and in the most comfortable position possible. Cold water should ho thrown on the bared head
MARRIED StVACE CHIEFS, ffflAT WE OWE THE KIM

•:*
t

:
v
v
« #
RAS
%
Such Marriages Do Not Generally He ^"vented the Dinner-coat, Have Happy Results.—Some j 1 opularized Cigarettes Notable Cases.	|	Lawn Tennis.
X
and

and
1
a am quite a young girl, mid a ln-dy-libnarian by profession.
W hilo travelling to various try house», I have met with many st ruiigo ml ventures, though indexing musty old libraries sounds dry du** to tli? casual ear.
Being one of a large family, 1 vel in the which 1 escape the common tusk,” though often 1 pine for riches, case, and chiffons.
One bright sunny morning 1 mot an old friend
Il
cou li-
the
The following morning Mrs. Shep-
perton appeared sont j what depressed at hi	t
"1 want
too
warm
He thereupon hi*
facings and gold buttons suite adopted the informal
up-
on
as
or a wit5, silk
All his
you, if you will dMuV* she «tid, in her soft, voice
ve-
to Ho an errand for me the way to the station. I shall drive in a closed carriage, but you must go round by the town in victoria, which will he at the dooi in a few minutes
relaxation of work, by the trivial round.
Oil
¦	¦ eame attire
..«¦»-
wearers admit, is ment upon tho
for
»
the
II CASE OF ACCIDEM.
<
4
I need a little spare money for our travelling expenses. VIvase go to the bank and WHILE AWAITING THE
PIHHHBHHirv.- a little change this	for £100, which	TOR’S COMING.
)ob for you, if you like to take >ou ruust bring me in notes I on.”	I 1 took the cheque, and drove away
My eyes glistened, for at the :no-1 cheerfully, glad to feel 1 could ment 1 was "out of work.”	her a service.
‘ 1 have mentioned you to a do- 1 ho drive was n very hilly one, lightful old lady,” ho continued, nnd 1V little town nestled at the foot	In Lho case of an ordinary accident
"living in a beautiful country house, j 11 Rtvcp descent.	As the	carriage	whut is the most efTectlvo aid which
She is anxious to have lier splendid ! Proceeded at a slow	pace,	a well-	can be rendered by an ordinary per-
librnrv catalogued by a professional. ! Pressed man sprang	forward, appar- ! son with ordinary appliances ?
Ï warn you she is eccentric, but in a j cntly from the hedges, and took off ! The question cannot be too often Vm ,	,' ttnd* if possible, cracked
very nice way—so good and kind to his hat to me.	ref cated. The judgment of non-pro-	Placed	on	the	head.	A teaspoon-
eve ry body, and especially fond of 1 f°lt myself turning very	ml. for	fossional persons in such matters is . °,	whiskey	should also be
girl''.’*	I1 hardly knew wluit to do. since he likely to bo unscientific, and popular m,n,slcre(l nt intervals, care being
1 thanked him heartily, declaring	I	j was n total stranger. Before I had	advice is more	or less misleading.	fakcn not to IBV<>	too much.	There
loved eccentric people.	| time to think, he jumped into the	In the army and	navy and on our nothing more that cun be
"Then I will ask her	to	write	to	carriage, and seated himself beside	railroads men arc	regularly educated	Ullh sxxfoty to the	sufferer until the
you,” he said.	.	nie. 1 nervously grasped the pro-	to make the best	in emergencies of	physician arrives.	It must be	borne
Sure enough, a few days later I re- j cions cheque close in my hand.	the appliances at hand.	m I!imd that a high degree of humid-
ceived a request to visit Stanley I "hat do you want?" I asked With our railroaus and car lines *s ft loading contributory cause of House. But the letter brought with sternly, quivering with indignation and the machinery so plentiful cv- sun8Jc°kc, it a sense of disappointment, for at his inqnyrtincnt action.	¦ cry where, accidents of one sort or sh0, >0
Mrs. Shopper ton informed me she “Excuse me, miss." he said, "but another arc common. The most undcr the circumstances. When i was going for u short tour abroad, ! 1 want that cheque for £100 which , alarming cases to the laymen in *)orson wh° *s either working jn the
you arc going to cash at the bank.” such mutt era-certain ly those which sun or ln(loors becomes dizzy, faint, "You may want it," 1 said, con- arouse most concern—arc those cans- mu,SCatefl or suddenly feverish from who will look after your I voiced th.;n was a case of highway ing a flow of blood. The sight of uc< of Pcl'sPiration he ohould rest
will make I robbery, * but you won’t get it " blood is of itself ghastly, and the iV 0."cc' havo c°o1 applications
Bon't l>v	alarmed." ho answered,	flow,	if profuse,	is	likely	to	cause I th0 . , nntl °bcst and he as free as
sta-j reading my	thoughts. "After nil,	death	in a	few	minutes.	Mishaps	l‘<,sslhlr from all nervous excitement.
J you are quilt right not to give it which cause loss of blood are more 1° 10,1 tlns simI)le and timely treat-On my arrival I was greeted by a l,P- I suppose you are unaware you likely to occur than any other class '1110111 mnY prevent a more serious pleasurable	surprise.	A	lady	in	pur-	are being made the victim of u very	of accident.	seizure, as the latter may conic quite
pie velvet,	with	a	beautiful	lace man-	cruel trick?	1 saw you arrive yes-	The	general	advice	for such	einer	suddcn*y und without further warn-
tilln swathing in her white hair,	terdny, and judged by your	looks	gencies	to stop the bleeding
came across the hall to greet me. j	you were not an accomplice,	though	familiar.	There are two ways of
She had quaint side curls, and a be-	the accomplices arc many	of the	checking	the flow of blood—by di-
nign expression. One or two ex- 1 Mrs. Shepperton, you know. One revt pressure of finger or thumb on quis-ite jewels glittered in her laces,	has played her false, and	a very	the open	vein or artery or by means
My dear,” she said, drawing me j	lar go scheme is about to end	in fail-	of a pad	and a firm bondage over
to the fire. *T nexcr expected to ' ure.	the entire wound. The treatment
ha\o the pleasure of seeing you, but	"The old lady who received	you	depends upon the location of the inI have had great trouble with my	so affectionately last evening,	and	jury and its seriousness.	In ban dagger van t# the last day or two. My !	tempted you to accept her invitation	ing a limb the pressure	should, of
housekeeper, upon whom I absolute-	of foreign travel, was, strange	to	course, he applied at a	point ho-
ly rely, has been called away to the ' relate, th? housekeeper, who should tween the heart and the wound. The bedside of n dying	friend; and.	ow-1 have rcc.?iyol you, according	to Mrs. | simplest plan is	usually to	place	a
ing to an unfortunate disagreement	j Nhoppcrto*’*' orders. This	intrigu- I snvgiy applied bandage between	the
amongst the domestics, I find myself j ing woman It vs ejected a most start- points.
very short handed. 1 have therefore ling d.egu^e, not only annexing her If the wound, for example, he in put off my visit abroad until to-mor- mist.ess* clothes, but making her /he hand, the constrie'ion should he row, when my housekeeper returns, j appearance absolutely similar. I lav- applied at t he wpfst or somewhere 1 felt it was not quite safe to l»*ve ! ing cleared the house of every bon- around the arm above the elbow this establishment with no one to . est servant, she had arranged to The philosophy of such treatment is keep order.”	leave England under Mrs. Shepncr- very simple. The heart
I tried to be very	sympathetic,	for	| ton’s name, taking with her	a huge blood and the
quantity of jewelry and a plate of off the current immense value
of my father JcsMop—whti often recommends to i ook	l looting friends
My deal
Mi-
me
¦ ntt nil its
n ffrcat iinprovo-ordlnary awallow-
ho saut
tail
a dervish chief or loader, who used to come into the town for the pur-j To the King's sound commonsenso pose of business. The end of it was in matters of every-day life his sub-thut tho pair eloped as soon ns the jeets, and, indeed, the world dervish's business was settled, and irai, owe more than went off to the plains, to ho wedded ngine. Tho in dervish fashion. Mis. Madden was acquainted by letter of her daughter's intentions couple had gone out of Cairo,
do
In gen-most of us im... ,	Hamburg hat
w Inch Is such a pleasant contrast to the hard felt, was brought to Eng-after h tho land from Germany by tho King
and noticed a hat of this description in she sent messengers after the .voung a Hamburg shop, bought it un(i woman	begging lier	to abandon her	found it so comfortable	and	her am
mad	design. Hut	the messengers,	ing that it received tho	seal	of his
failed	to track	ti e lovers. One	Royal approval, and ho	has	seldom
hardly	dares venture to hazard a |	since then been wen in	tho	black
guess how this strange romance will | bowler, nid. for so many similar hav* dosed in murder.
Ho
ad-
done
The present generation can hardly realize to what lengths the jew, lory IT WAS GRIM TRAGEDY | craze was carried less than half a
•'is? sJzK, jmvsF-2
gu l, who eioiK?d with the famous, DcaconHlleld,
Indian chief, Red Cloud. She
and extra precautions taken against accidents
Lord
ns
fen «rz.%
face and magnificent figure, so she
W ; i s
is
so I should not sec her.
YI have a very nice housekeeper,M she wrote
comfort. I 1 opo you yourself quite at home. The carriage shall meet you at the lion.”
no
and prostones displayed upon his
more to he pitied than blamed. | lYhYYtrâvagancY	>0"'‘K
Certainly her punishment was severe enough. Red ( loud was even more jealous than most men of his race,
and a very passionate nature under- ' 'Vc ,owe Hie better ways of to-day laid his calm, easy manner, so char- entirely to the King, who always acteristic of American Indians. Miss 8tcrnly discountenanced such foolish Robertson objected to living cooped j extravagances.
up as Indian squaws live, working I Another practice of the middle of like a beast of burden for her lazy the nineteenth century was to sit husband ; and rather than allow he ovcr dinner for at least two hours, such freedom as would bring her bhile the men usually remained in into intercourse with his fellow- dining-room for a still longer tribesmen he murdered her one night Period, and frequently drank while she lay sleeping, and surren- ! Port wine than was good for them demi himself at the nearest fort as The King, though he was always soon as he could. Somehow, ho was j blessed with an excellent appetite
sfiigs»
!*|*flilliims
ssieisj*!!*™
mà i
11 '*•	curred.	appears to bo due to the fact that FORMING NEW EYELIDS. h« neighbors sooa learnt that she
*JHPÉ1
¦ EE-Ecr;:e'Eeese s s
Wf#ld.-N«u« Frele Presse, VI-.,
to
men
tliey could ill
afford, and was a direct
INCENTIVE TO THIEVES
is !in*
A TIGER SHOW IN INDIA
The Animal is Carried From Town
to Town.
nrero
A sketch made on the streets of a town in the province of Bengal, India, shows a method somewhat usual, even in that
un-
pay a regular
This I over tho meal soon became a thing
Then, too, his prefer-
pumps tho pressure merely shîits
until light wines, so heavy and umvholc-nil some port 1ms betn generally reduced from a bottle to a glass a bead.
his
the old lady attracted me
She looked at nib very admiringly, now and thou dropping a compliment that went Uie blood tingling to my cheeks.
She told me I talked well, declaring it was a pity 1 had not seen more of the world. I said that 1
ing, which, of course, has been forged, with many others lately paid. I was hiding in the house last night, and heard your conversation in the Venetian chamber
was one of a largo family, and therefore unable to travel. She drew from me many of my hopes and aspirations.
"We will have our coffee,” she said, "in the Venetian chamber.
You arc sure to lose your way at first in this house, it is so queorly built. There arc strange passages
in the walls, which would lend them-I telling mo the truth? selves very conveniently to burglars. j suspicious of the stranger They are w»ll supplied with small doors in the panels of the rooms.
See,” she said, drawing a curtain aside ns wc entered the Venetian
chamber, "here is a little door you would hardly observe, even were the curtain absent. The passage behind runs the whole length of the house. It is dark and dusty, and I should not advise you to enter on a voyage of discovery.”
"It certainly looks very ghostly,” I said, as wc sat on a low sofa, comfortably sipping our coffee.
The old lady’s eyes rested upon me benignly.
"1 feel so happy to-night,” i murmured. "You nave made me realize how lonely my life is.”
the young men of the day
five
little
his
REFLEX FATIGUE.
Sidney — "I'm terribly tired of life.”
Rodney — "You have never had to work.”
Sidney — "I know; delicately constituted hausts my vitality to see other people work.”
/.h we talked over the many delights of foreign travel, I suddenly Mailed forward
“Then it Is true,” she gasped
a broken voice	WÊÊi
trusted her with my life!”
She staggered to the door.
"We have to go to the railway station.	said	¦
awful moment indeed.”
I turned to the inspector pleading-
in
And I would have
grasping her el-
bow
What is the matter, child?” she
naked
It will be a very
but I *m so
that it ex-
' I saw a figure,” I gasped, "hiding in that curtain opposite. I could have declared the form of a man stood behind the velvet. The ,outline of his shoulder showed quite distinctly.”
Mrs. Khenpcrton started up, trem-Mii g-
iy
HOW TO GET A WHEEL
*#d
$ t
You should not be without a bicycle to-day. The cost of o,«e is very easy. Write to Canada Cycle &. Motor Co., Limited, 34 King St., Went, and ask about «June prices for
“MUtsev - Harris,” and 1 ârfecV
it must have been your fancy,” she cried, begging me to look behind the curtain; but, of course, this was ustiesF Had anyone been there, wovltt haw retired through the
"Cleveland,”
"Brantford,”
cycle».

v




###PAGE###3###

A
J few years and seems but the l>egin-: ning of a great system, which must
“™"San- ggSgs-i fsprfgf
|H miles. At the north numerous I lines skirt the Mediterranean coast, especially in the French territory of Algeria and in Tunis; aggregating about 2500 miles ; while the Egyptian railroads under construction, miles in length. Those of Cape Colony are over 300 miles in length, and those of Portuguese Bast Africa and the Transvaal are another thousand miles in length, including all of the railroads now constructed or under actual construction, the total length of African railroads is nearly
^ÊÊÊÊÊ
nround
tion of the railroads thus fnr| st rue ted are owned by the several colonies or states which they traverse, about 2000 miles of the ( ape Colony system, and nearly nil that of Fgypt, belonging to the State.
That the gold and diamond mines of South Africa have boon and still are wonderfully profitable ia beyond question. The Kimberley diamond mines, about 000 miles from Cap*. Town, now supply 98 per cent. of the diamonds of commerce, although their existence was unknown prior to 1867, and the mines have thus been in operation but about 30 years. It is estimated that
$850,000,000 WORTH
81.8 OF THE BEEF TRUST
RAILWAY TIME TABLES.
Wore the time indicated, with the Issue of each new
schedule special instructions are is-1 country, yield a vast quantity of sued as may be rtuuie necessary by colonial products that are turned the season of the	year, or existing	over by	hutch merchants, enhanced
conditions, due to	repairs to the	in value	by manufacturing unci
roadbed. In making up the time sold at a good profit lô the rest of schedule all these matters, to which | the world, the passenger never givea a moment's thought, are all taken Into consider-
Few	of	the	thounu.ids	uf	passenger»! atl°" , j“ toak,n*	UJ> 11 ^-Module fori is very rich in coal while north K«*-
Who	are	daily	patrons	of	the	rail-	a road °I,erilto,)	''V another the	stu, in	the latitude of St. Vcters-
ronds have any idea of the vast),naklntf of the time-table is far burg, is poor in this resource. This amount of labor required to make a !,norti i,,tricut6 VVhr" this time- state of affairs resulted in a curious time-table and a less number are uh 0 19 made UP 8ever‘u conferences tariff regulation for coal imports. A
aware that what is termed a "tvork- lx'twm’	0,1 ™ad9 »™ m?rchant who t,rinS8 11 b#at of fo-
lng“ Ume-table must bo as earefuiiy ^cossary. in order that there shall reign coal to any port of .South
balanced as the accounts of a bank.	conflict	at Junction points. Itussia is compel od to pay a very
Every railroad of any pretensions tt"d that the schedule may be cqult- heavy tariff which is intended to
has one or more experts, who. while Bb'« to, interested.	protect the coa min ng interests of
not employed exclusively at this par- ™® la9t stnK,u t ,e, l88,lln,g 0 9 ^at part of the kingdom; on the tlculur work, can he called upon ut u"""u\l,lc 18 the revision of the other band if coal is shipped to any any time to revise an old schedule '""'"term proof, and this is a large of the northern ports as St. l’eter»-or to make up an entirely new one. undertaking In itself^ As a rule burg or ltiga the duty placed upon
It Is one of the most vital features ™ e//or® , h*'e to, '/= norrccte«l it is only one-third as great. It is In railroad work for	I Wore the order** to print arc given. | cheaper to send coa! to those ports
'	The figures must he absolutely cor- j from England than it is to ship it
redt, and every official in the oporot- to the Baltic from south Russia and might mean loss of life, and damage I ing department must be sure that so the Government helps the people to rolling stock. When it is neccs-1 they are. When the working time of the north by imposing n lower sary to change a time-table a meet- tables are printed, copies are sent | tariff upon the foreign coal they ing of the general manager, general to the general passenger agent, and I buy
passenger agent, general superin- from these the folders issued for the Sweden is another country that is tendent, division superintendents, I information of passengers are print- able to mine very little coal and trainmaster and assistant trainman- od. it is not until every enifloye, usos charcoal to smelt its iron ore. ter is called, and the proposed | wp0 has in any way anything to do No country using charcoal instead of changes discussed in an informal j with the operating of trains, has re- coke in the manufacture of pig iron
ceived and signed a receipt for n can ever compete with the great blotters suggestions, copy of the time-table that the issue ! dust rial nations ; it is not surpris-
It is jg regarded as complete. The chart b'K therefore, to see Sweden sending b® is then placed in a cabinet until the i most of her superior steel-ma king °ib j next change in the time is anticipât- | oros to England and Germany. Here ¦Hi	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦and
superabundant supplies of coal but mines little of it. Such a condition cf affairs shows, of course, a low condition of industrial development. China is such a country and so is Spain. In the latter country, coal is imported from England to drive locomotives over some of the richest coal fields in the world.
These facts show that though ; rent coni fields are very desirable sessions, some of getting on
they must needs buy all or of the coal they use.
Then their colonies which, slx<f ur sev-time enty times as large as Mie mother
men, to whom they pay an annual wage of $30,000,000 ; that tho
HOW THE COMPANIES MAKE
THEM UP.
are
Ownership of Refrigerator Cars Gives It Great Power Over Railways.
An Intricate Problem Re Skill and Patience an Great Care.
quiring
SOUTH RUSSIA
The strength of the Beef Trust in growing the corn on which they are, dealing with the railroads lies in fattened, in transporting them from I r. the refiigeratcr car. Refrigerator j the range to the farm and from care are expensive. There are many farm to market, and feeding end trvnk lines of railroad running east! caring for them there, In buying and from Chicago, and no one of them : rolling them, handling the almost In-could a (Tord to build and own en- finite by-products and managing the ough refrigerators to carry the outr intricate business of placing the put of the big packing houses. The dressed beef and the cured meat in abiding packers built the curs for the hands of the consumers, the 40,-thetokolws, and having the cars 000 men seem only a handful and wvre able to ship by what line they | the $30,000,000 a bagatelle, liked, and charge the railroads a stilT price for the rent of the cars.
Competition was found to Le a useful means of keeping down freight rates, and the packers used It freely.
To-day more than 20,000 refrigerators are in use carrying meat products from Chicago, and nearly all of these belong to the pioneers in
tho field—the Big Slx.M Armour and I Africa Occupies Fourth Place in Company own more than 10,000 of Relation to International them. Lipton, the Anglo-American, I	Commerce.
Hammond, Libby—each concern has its own. There are others owned by the railroads and by the smaller houses, and by special companies, which accommodate those who have not cars of their own. There are more than 100 firms engaged in the business of packing meat about tho Union Stock Yards, though the six big ones have the bulk of tho business.
arc, including those about 1500
BRITAIN'S NEW ELDORADO
miles, or half the distance tho earth. A largo propor-
con-
A SINGLE ERROR
-
WONDERFUL WEALTH AND REMARKABLE RESOURCES.
The declaration of peace in South Africa, which is to be followed by the reopening of tho greatest gold-producing mines in the world, and presumably by u general revival of business in that greatest consuming section of Africa, lends especial interest to a monograph, entitled "Commercial Africa in 1901," just issued by the treasury bureau of statistics of tho United States.
Tho commerce of Africa, according beef I to this publication of the bureau of in the United States, ' statistics, amounts to over $700,-
way.
Each
official
which are noted and discussed, decided how many trains shall added to the schedule or taken
and at what hours they shall leave I e(j terminal points. Then the expert, takes up the work. His intimate! knowledge of the system and branches enables him to make up an advanced copy of the new schedule on paper. In order to do this he must produced from the Kimberley mines pg acquainted with the grades along since their opening in 1868-69, and i ho line and the capacity of sidings this enormous ; reduction would have at passing points, lie must also be
been greatly increased but for the particular to linxe no trains that I Switzerland’s Mills Are Driven by fact that the owners of the various move in opposite directions pass |	Water Power.—Britain
mines since their opening in 1868- at a station where no fence divides
•XST5S5» -d promising SZ	“a,
known as the "Johannesburg" time was not allowed the train t<-> hilX0 a gieat < cm ° ^ wa -i I o
mines. Gold was discovered there in would bo obliged to leave late, and ami [nar,y uf 18 s 1V . .	;
1883, and in 1881 the value of the	the whole schedule of a division	the duvet application .of this Power.
gold product was about $50,000. It	would be apt to be disarranged.	k'xitzei lUl 15 a s<) A‘1 *1	°	'•
S	THK PROOF CHART.
mines has been practically suspended The most improved system now in Switzerland. It will not be neces-during the war in progress in that	vogue, and in general use by the	snry hereafter to build most of the
section within the post two years.	Iar8® ‘ua<ls. 18 what 1» known aa a	j factories near the edges of the ccn-
The gold production of the "Rand"	Proof chart. 3 his varies in size ac-	tral plain where they arc near the
of the imports of Africa arc through sinc(J 18g4 hns beeM over $300 000 - cording to the number of trains run. ; mountain water power ; they may be
Iowa. Nebraska, and Kansas raise| the ports of the extreme north and 000	, care(lll surv oI the' r,old ™e largest in this country are In built wherever convenient, all over ed and jeweled bands. At the top
corn by	millions	of	bushels.	Tho ] »oulh	of	the	continent,	those	at the	b «.parts show beyond question	the trainmaster s office of the G.T.K.	the more thickly settled central part	la	the	orb	and	cross, surmounting	a
greater part	of	that	com	they	feed	north	being	for	the	consumption of	th t th .. Id in sight-. probably	a"d C.P.R. at Montreal. It mea-	of Switzerland for the power with	crown-like	ornament	Originally	a
sr«5 rs? BOS srss.ts?îfï r,„-a sr Tz.%-	%%
ping of beef at Chicago centers the considerable quantities going to thou territory, particularly those the movements of over dOO trains land also imports a great deal of since Sir It. Vyner s time.
-but the corn misera as well, who At the south a large share of the P „ so that it seem8 probable that all kinds of wood would warp, ate for the little republic that she an exceptionally urge stone !¦
srazzs— •*•	sl°5. kî	sir:»«ï-
******* •*"-,	I c.T’.i? ss,",&5,s»
is worth more than corn on the cob. and Natal at the south and from	/	'	lions and passing points, and covers almost any other country which is the band on which the cross rests,
So not only from tho West but Ports of Portuguese East Africa on	a time period of twenty-four hours, deficient in coat*.	and it is supported by four upright
froi i the South and even from the tho southeast. The class of imports	-------+"----- It is ruled off to show the distance Argentina is an example of a coun- bars set with magnificent emeralds
East fancy cattle go to Chicago. in tho south differs materially from	from Montreal, and the distances be- try which bus no coal and is com- and sapphires. •
It is not uncommon for a blooded that at the north, the demand of the	POPE LEO.	tween stations. Every minute of the 1 polled to send thousands of miles The orb and crown thus glittering
bull to bring $•> 000 at the min*nS region being for machinery,	___ | twenty-four hours is ruled off on the for all it buys ; yet in spite of this | with precious jewels rest upon
,, herd of fancy stock can be *arKcr share of the imports, as is things and has a pretty wit. lie is west. Freight and second or third- and developing more industries than aniclcd ornaments. 3 he shaft_of the rniv«d nnd marketed nrofitnlilv ! also the case on the coast of the tro- reported to have said that Mr. Hall class trains are denoted by pink any other Latin-Amcrican country ; scepter is spiral above and vertical-whore the longhorn of happy mem- Picnl regions.	Caine’s "Italians," in spite of their strings.	'	excepting Chili. Argentina have | ly banded below, and round the
nrv would have been an utter failure. A very large	proportion of the	names, are all Anglo-Saxons.	!	in	order to prove his time-table,	nearly all its coal from Great Brit- 1 shaft are	rings of blue enamel set
trade of Africa	is with England.	33io daily menu of the Pontiff con-j	the	trainmaster or his assistant	j ain. The	freight rates arc usually	with	diamonds.
There are numerous reasons for this, gists of a cup of coffee with milk, a starts at the point indicated, as To- quite low, for a great many vessels j The handle is n most exquisite This meat trade of the country I tho most important, however, being roll and no butter for breakfast. At ronto or other point on the chart, that go to Argentina for wheat piece of goldsmith’s work of white centers not only in Chicago, but in that her colonio»—Cape Colony and dinner there is soup, plain meat, I A pin is driven in the chart, and the would reach Buenos Ayres or Ros-1 enamel set with rubies, sapphires a restricted area in that city in the Natal—on the south, are the avenues fried vegetables and chicken cro- time the train would make on the I ario in ballast if it were not fur the and diamonds, and-the butt <>f old town of . Lake. In that area,	through which pass most of the	quelles fried in butter as only llo-, new time-table is carefully noted as I	opportunity to	load up at Cardiff	scepter is composed of a	ball wit h
where last year 40 per cent, of the	goods for that section, and that a	mans know how, pastry and one I it progresses across the chart to its!	or some other	British port with	a knob, the ball being banded at its
cattle and a third of the hogs of	very large share of the growing | glass of Burgundy. At 6 o'clock a stopping point. A string is wound	coal. A curious	thing happens when | junction with the handle	withj^g
the country were marketed, there has	trade is also carried by British	cup of bouillion, and at supper a around each pin, which is driven in	Argentina has a	large supply of coal	other wonderful ornament	of enamel
been a stodkyard for thirty-seven	vessels, while the bulk of the min-	little cold meat. Fruit is always on the chart at the points indicating	on hand and is	not importing so	set with great rubies and	emeralds,
years. In that period the value of ing, as well as the‘stock raising and the table, especially pears ; a small stations where the train is scheduled! much as usual. 3’hen many of the the stocPc that hns been marketed general development of that region, I cup of coffee with a little sugar is to stop. 3ags giving tho number of grain ships enter La Plata in there has aggregated tho stupendous is in the hands of British colonists j taken during the day now and then, the train arc attached to both ends last ; and not having brought, o'er sum of more than six billion dol- or capitalists. In the north a large 13'he dish best liked by His Holiness of the string.	any profitable cargo they try to
lars ($6,000,000,000), and that is share of the trade of Egypt is given is tasta, made especially for the wrpir^^APV riTANOFS	make up for it by charging a higher
merely the raw material that has to Great Britain, whose influence in | Vatican table by the nuns of Santa	^'	1	| price for carrying wheat to Eng-
Come there to be	manufactured into	the management	of Egyptian affairs	Maria. This is made from new-laid	3'he fast express trains having,	land. We	thus see that thei^^is
meat. Tho value	of the manufac-	is well recognized, while in Algeria,	eggs and flour of tho finest quality,	been disposed of, the same method is	really a	connection between
lured product is incalculable.	| which has a largo trade, n very The Pope has a preconceived idea followed with the locals, and then quantity of the coal import^^totû
large proportion is with France, of how ho desires to have his por- with the fast and local freights. | Argentina nnd
trait appear, says an artist who has When all the movements of
twice painted His Holiness. Squar- trains of all classes have been traced j Europe.*	I‘Self Hein
ing himself in his seat, his hand the trainmaster teats himself in front Italy, also, has almost, no coal of	.fH exclaimed the father,
upraised, with two fingers extended of the chart and makes a careful 1U own. I he industrial revixaM ^	need anything of that
as in the act of benediction, a con- study of it. He finds that some on which in the past, few years has de-	You’d ought to' see him at
ventional smile drawing back his tho trains, if run according to his veloped many factories at Genoa j	Vible’ " "
colorless lips, ho would sit motion- first schedule, will meet where there and other places along the coast has » u less for a moment, stiffening every	are no sidings to accommodate them, j	been fed by an unceasing stream of
muscle as we all do in photographic	So time must be added to or sub-	coal shipments from England sup-1	ghe;	"When you go to ask	papa,
expectancy ; then abandoning it.	traded from the running time to	plemcnted by considerable supplies	tbe	thing he	will do will	be to
"Voila, mon enfant !" ho would ex- overcome this trouble. Then a, brought in by rail from Austria. ^ accuse you of seeking my hand mere-claim, with nn air of triumph. He	freight train is discovered to be like-	course it is a great disadxantage 1 |	jy become his	son-in-law."	He:
is always much interested in his por-	ly to get in the way of a passenger	have to carry coal so fur; and Italy	yes?	And then-------" "And	then
trait	and tho	artist, and renders	train, and tho	time of the latter	j is not helped out 01 her dilemma b.v	yOU must agree with	him.	lie s a
every	assistance necessary except	must be	altered,	or an express is	j water power, for, ns	most of iei prouder of himself	than	he is	of
that of remaining still, which seems found to pass a station at the time’streams have a habit of drying up I „
'Z Z J Üï^wuss	r aswxs:
French ns Italian and always with | is made ltr®-	„ ,	„ | *	3	g	"I’d rather bet my money on
JTJT- - E
25 miles of streets, 90 miles of wa- ! most acceptable character.	f* f * TVr..: js .... it«i. ¦ to the experienced railroad official it that a considerable amount of coal he cu *	,	Q ,
ter, and fifty of sewer pipe, 10,000 j * Africa occupies fourth place in the ;	..	g	; is as plain as a map is to n school will, in the near future, be supplied Sister—"Oh, Bob, that I r. . crimp
hydrants, and a waterworks having | list of grand divisions of the world,	te wrjting with a boy. Every time the strings cross he : to the Netherlands from their own is a mean little fellow
six	artesian	wells	running	down	2,-	in	its	consuming	power	in	relation',,*, t‘ ,lllt i,i»	imntlficnl signature	note#. a	passing	point, nnd every	territory. Heretofore	the country	"What's up with
250	feot	into	the	earth,	and	supply-	to	international	commerce,	the	im- j	f ,J.	' lfh	white flattened !	P*n bead	is a stop for the train, but1	has imported from	England and	"You know he attended me	v", n	I
ing 6,000,000 gallons of water a ports of tho grand divisions, ao|n .,1	\ j . . hl.ii4,v,wi f(1 have come even when the chart Is "clear ' the Germany nil its coal, a very expen- was ill. Veil, he l-cgan to ca recording to the latest available L*’	^ n# n (inxp althouch work of ®U*ing up the time-table is j give item considering that the Dutch gulnrly after that for another rca-
figures, being'as follows Europe,	„.nn it ' v i* must hut half completed. The conductors are a great maritime nation and re- son—till nt last he proposed and l
$8,300,000,000 ; North America, ! r_mn frnl11	bird The and engineers have no chart to guide quire an immense quantity of fuel to rejected him. And now he has
$1,300,000,000 ; Asia, $900,000,000;	H T. Win us,-' more them, and the working table must coal their xcsscls alone.	charged nil those love-sick calls as
Africa, $480,000,000 ; South Am- th f t v0 ,rs h only serves for noW he made up.	3’hus handicapped by lack of fuel, j professional visits !
erica, $875,000,000, and Oceania, . t ; signatures uid is kept !	0,1 nn average tho time-table gov- the Dutch have not attempted to 1 Little Tommy end hie younger si»-
$325,000,000. Of this total of $11,-!	1	.	( r^c n with erning each division and branch must compote in manufacturing enter-1 ter were going to bed without a
630,000,000, the United States sup- . . . «he Pom* signed and dated the he gone oxer and corrected four prises with nations around her. | light. They had just reached the plies 5 per cent. in the case of ft f .	t nf tl)0 t wentieth cen-1 tinirH l>cfore they will be found sat-1 Most of t manufacturing indus- bottom of the stairs, when Tommy,
Africa, 10 per cent. In tho imports (	i.n s nt from the citizens ' factory. The working tables arc tries relate to the transformation of ! after vainly endeavoring to pierce
of South America, 10 per cent, of	. jt js ,,f ,r(,i(j mounted I tor the government nnd information | Uieir raxv farm products into other ! the darkness, turned round and nsk-
those of Asia, and Oceania, 14 Per withMrecious stones	*	^ of employees only, and hear marks commodities ns cheese, sugar, beer, cd:	"Ma, is it polite for a gontle-
cent. of the imports of Europe, and I x	‘	and symbols that would not be and other things. The Dutch have man to precede a lady when they
40 per cent, of the Imports of North	- ¦ —4—------- understood by the general public. proven, however, that It is not ne-, have to walk in single file?" "No,
America, exclusive of the United Mnnriv ,, miiiinn „nd a half differ- REVISING PRINTERS’ PROOFS, cessary to have great manufactures my son," replied the mother, "the States.	Imlde Yrt	'olnt, arc Indicated by order to be a very prosperous lady should always take the lead."'
thn nutHidegthere are but 150 heavy faced type, nnd the movement people. Everybody knows that the “I thought no," said Tammy, there 40.000 in Africa has bm raftld in the last ' SLfZt ki^ of ^bacco growa. and stoppage of train, by letter. I	pomce of their prosperity is I lightedly; "go ahead, Sue."
NATIONS WITHOUT COAL.
CHICAGO fS GREAT INDUSTRY
Thus it is that of all tho slaughtered
more than 40 per coat.—nearly half, I 000,000, of which $420,000,000 rein faeU-is 111 led in tho packing presented the value of the imports, houses . about tho Chicago stock Necessarily in so large an area, with yards. In 1001 more thuh 3,000,- so runny tribes and peoples who 00O cattle were shipi>ed thither from keep no records of their transactions every State in tho Union, and of ' ft considerable amount of commerce these nearly two-thirds—a little létal must pass without being recorded than 2,000,000—were slaughtered ! j„ any wuy. The total imports at and drçseed in the yards. Eight - the ports where records are kept million hogs of 22,000,000 killed in amounted in tho latest available the whole country nnd 4,000,000 year to $203,907,000. Of the ex-shvop shared their fate, as did nearly j ports, a large share, especially those 200,000 calves. A single railroad from the south, is gold and dia-brought 07,000 cur loads and others' monds ; in the tropical region, iv-ncarly us many each.	ory, rubber, palm nuts and gums-,
These millio-.s were not the lank, and in the north a fair share of the
products of agriculture, cotton, coffee, cacao, spices, dates, etc. export figures of recent years are less than those of former years, owing to the hostilities in South Africa, which have both reduced	production and increased local	con-
worth double
been
of rough diamonds, that sum after cutting, have
HOW DO COUlTTItlSr THRIVE THAT HAVE NONE ?
p()S-
the nat ions i re very web even though
most
Ships Coal
FINEST OF ROYAL SCEPTERS
Description of Kin g Edward's
Priceless Jewels.
The Royal scepter of England, surmounted by the orb and cross, is one of the most splendid objects of the regalia and one of the most beautiful pieces of rocco jewelry now existing in the world. H was made for the coronation of Charles II. by Sir Robert Vyner, the royal goldsmith.
The scepter is of gold, two feet nine inches long, richly jeweled at either end and banded with cn a in el-
lung-horned Texas cattle that formerly met their death in Chicago, but blooded stock, mostly hornless, though numl ex ing many fancy Shorthorns, and they reached the yards fat, nnd sleek from the feeding farms of Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, and, in fact, from nearly every part of the country.
The
sumption
ABOUT THREE-FOURTHS
PART CORN STATES PLAY
(
Tho
the
cow or
en-
$6,000,000,000 WORTH
the
an-
NO NEED OF ASSISTANCE
bal-
Thc father of a family hod stepped into a bookstore to buy a birthday present for his fourteen-year-old son.
What kind of book would you like?" asked the salesman, to whom, he had confided his purpose.
"Something that would fcc useful for the boy," was his reply.
"Well, here is a very good one on
i i
the
the cost of wheat the I transportation from that country to
EXPRESS SCHEDULE
THE GOVERNING COUNTRY
To-day the cattle, ehcep, and hogs
travel Chicagoward at express sche- Tho total recorded imports into du le in "palace stock cars," and it Africa, aggregating in the latest is no remarkable achievement for a available year $42,9,463,000, were man to land a herd of 2,000 ani- distributed us follows :—Into British nmls in the yards In a single day, territory, $157,575,000 ; French ter-so that they may be disposed of at ritory, $91',004,000; Turkish terri-once at "the top of the market." tory, $77,787,000;*"*Portuguese ter-The old way of sending in cattle ritory, $20,795,000 ; German terri-and taking the best price obtainable tory, $8,336,000, and into tho Con-has passed. To-day the farmer go Free State, $1,722,000. Of this watches the price of beef, and when importation of $429,461,000, about it goes up rushes his cattle at limit- 5 per cent, was furnished by the mgl train speed to the yards and sells United States, out before the drop comes For tho handling of those cattle ports to Africa have grown from the original 300 acres have increased $6,377,842 in 1895 to $18,594,424 to 500, 450 of which is laved, most in 1899, and $25,542,618 in 1901. of it with brick. In these clean, This rapid Increase is largely due to 4 brick-paved pens (which number 13,- the fact that orders sent to the Unit-000) there are 25 miles of water ed States for mining machinery and
9	9 9
the total for 1901 being $25,542,618. Their total ex-
ill

the
Brother—
I 9
him ?" Sister-
day
LAST YEAR'S OUTPUT
The aggregate packing houses of the stockyards district shipped away from Chicago last year more than a billion pounds of dressed beef and a half-million pounds of lard, 200,000 “barrels of mess pork, jÊMÉÊÊÊ
pounds of other pork meats
*-4 jggmmammmrn
8,000.000 1
It is customary ____________
magnitude of Chicago’s meat industries by saying that tho "Big Six," against which ihe Government is proceeding, and the one other hundred firms doing business in Chicago HSÛyaed.i
800,000 They
776 cattle and nearly

to indicate the

RAILROAD DEVELOPMENT

employ










###PAGE###4###


THE EQUITY.
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
SMART & SMITH
SHAWVILLE
MAS SE Y-H ARRIS
r Syivestë; m^'hin.r,[Imported Direct
SHAWVILLE, JULY 10, 1902
WARE-RO 0 MS
>rU*)
Reports to the Dominion Department | Also a stock of of Immigration at Winnipeg indicate that the outlook for the year for the West is eminently satisfactory.
A monument to the memory of the men ho met ami repulsed the Fenian invasion at Eccles Hill
May, 1870, was unveiled at that historic place on Dominion day.
G?Fv5>
Front London, Eng
A Number of Ear Trumpets And Resonators
ADAMS’ WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES. DOWS ELL'S WASHERS, WRINGERS and LEADER CHURNS.
‘ PREPARE FOR THE HAY HARVEST.
The success of the Massey-Harris Mower is due to | its possessing the following special advantages:
First of all—Quality.
Folding Bar, operated automatically by coil spring.
Adjustible Whiffletrees.
Largest range of Tilt of any Mower made.
A wide Rake with a Frame that will not sag.
Made in following sizes :
20 Tooth
ÎÎ0 Tooth—10 ft. 0 in. wide.
34 Tooth—12 foot wide
Que., on the 25th of
Ware-rooms next door to D. MvRav’sshop
The Itosa Government majority lias Wen reduced to one, which means that when a Speaker is elected both parties will be on an equal footing in the House, and government by either party will be I p. s.- Hay Forks an impossibility.	____________________
A Call Solicited.
which usually are of great assistance to
:: deaf persons. ::
y
R. J. HAMILTON.




Wa
The Prices are : 6.00, $7.25 and $8.50.
Get Ready for It ! Qttawa’s
GREAT
FAIR!
Re. the North Renfrew by election, which wiil likely be held before lung, the Pembroke Standard says it is currently rumoured that Wellington Monroe, son of the late member, has consented to be the Liberal candidate. There is also a rumour that Mr. Thomas Mackie, member for the Commons, has been re quested to resign his seat and run for the local house, in order to save the downfall of the Ross Government.
We shall be pleased to show these goods to any person requiring such aids to hearing.
!» ft 6-in. wide
MACFARLANE BROS.
The United States Congress, confronted with a large surplus revenue, cut oil taxes that brought in $73,000,000 a year. The Canadian parliament, assured by the vernment that there was a surplus on hand, proceeded to authorize the borrowing of twenty millions of dollars. A real surplus and a Fielding surplus are two different things, and require different in >des of treatment.
Mr. Justice Maclennan has given his decision m the appeal on the recount of the ballots in the election in Lennox, and the seat goes to Mr. Carscallen, the Conservative candidate. By the change the standing of parties is made 48 Conservatives to 49 Liberals, with North Renfrew vacant. There are in connection with the numerous contestations which have been entered, many possibilities of change ; and with “the machine" on his aide the majority may favor Mr. Ross. He will need them too. His thoughts just at present cannot be of the comfortbringing order.
Ü
M
this
year
i

SMART & SMITH.
First of the Big Shows, j 1902
MAI! NEfANMOra FEATOBES
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
CLARENDON
ROLLER MILlS|HICH CLASS ^ MEDIUM
Increased Prize List and Special Premiums for new Competitions and Classes.
A MONSTER DISPLAY of the Choicest Works of Art to be
had In Ontario.
^FURNITURE.
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Ghade Flour.
Trotting arçd Running You don’t Catch Us
standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No
Magnificent Progmiu of Stage Special-1 ytt	. -r ,
5S£5 We	Hara Milling Wheat ami cm, pay the
drop, very funny Water Acts in the Lake	JILJH Si pilC6 101* It.	>\ O !1£IV0 il IclFgC StOCK of FIOUP
The Pembroke Advocate is out strong- I Weht'\%rforminK Sv,ds. tln"rvun\vn%	Q1U^	h'illds of Feed and call make PRICES RlGHT.
ly in advocacy of the vacant aenatorship go- Martinet te Family, Acrobats ; also Schre-ing to Mr. Thomas Murray, the present yer, the Bicycle wonder of the century, in member for this county in the Commons. | marvellous and thrilling feats.
Is it possible that our cotem. is kind as to thrust upon Mr. Murray a
position for which he expressed so much F r ...... c .	.	. .
—p«	«4*.	Jgyiteaüü», :
lo cxpiess the wish to see the enoigetic, I followed by the grandest display of Fire-sturdy Pembroke man relegated to the w orks ever given in Canada. South Af-oblivious companionship of the 41 parcel riean heroes will take part in the Spectac-of old women ” who compose the Senate ula/’	Wl11 l,c unusually impressive
is certainly a cruel and uncharitable 'An< 1111 wish to emanate from a friend
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Races every day of the Fair,
. *
Sll
JAMES WILSON.
so un
THE BURNING OF MOSCOW
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
McCOBHICK MO WEBS
111	ARfi! RTTTT.T '
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
ARE BUILT RIGHT
#4
Get the McCormick

tÿ' SPECIAL RATES on nil railways and steamboats for both exhibitors and visitors.
v

m
§
The immigration returns for the year
nh rr. an increase of 15,490 air.vais of l For Prize lists, entry forms and all in sntlers in Canada over the previous year. | formation, write the Seentary The increase is as foil jss
THE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
! pRESH ARRIVALS
If
' ^
juif ¦ 7x7 / '. • "• 'fi.tii : ¦• •• j :
f
$
e. mcmahon,
26 SPARKS ST


1901. 1902. .11.810	17,000
..19 552 23,535 .. 17.987 24,099
1
B iti*h.............
Eun p -an Continent United States......
Total .........
It is likely that the figures from the United States will exceed the above by some hundreds when all the returns are in, so that the total iimmigration for the year will be fully 05,000.
t, « t
IN



JUBILEE CHIMES
m
FACTORY
J.
1
1 lifife
m



\W
49,149 634

No. 32335, A. T. R.
Standard Bred aqd Registered.
Sired by HAWLEY CHIMES So. 27m.
Time. 2.10. I)am, Velveteen ; time 2.:il
by Glencoe Goldust, No. 5823.
Jubillee Chimes will stand for the vice of Mares at Shaw ville during the season of 1902, health permitting.
.	- Terms For the season $10, payable at
Sydney Smith, is regarded as one of the time of service with privilege of return if lesser ligh’s at Ottawa. To Hon. J. horse is my property. All mares at own-Israel Tarto, Mr. Fisher s ability has |er s rbdc never commended itself. And this may explain, in a small measure, why Mr.
Fisher is not enabled at all times to give such assistance to the great industry of agriculture as would seem so essential, if not, to its proper encouragement. For
instance, the government has granted I Canida has recently been honored with $7,‘K)0 for agricultural societies. Juat | a visit from Elder Potter, president of
take in the munificence of that vole, Mr. the Adventist Association of Wuicester, 1	...	,.	.	, The Ottawa, Northern and Western
agricultural societies get encouraged to camp meeting at Btcbe Plain, and in Many are humanely doing so now, but twenty-ninth day of À u !r u > ! * * a * I )01 * i <m the extent of $7,000. But when it came the course of a Sunday morning address ,nore.	ft!ld sh.°¥1<1 ,1(1 \l outot kind- for the .sanction of His Excellency the
to “encourait-g’ Mr. Lovell,the Liberal I he emuie the tiritnh with hi» j»w-ton, | ^10 an°8,ev,.!',ltrinl ^s..*^-^aU.tifl]!.ili>i: I Governor In Council of an agreement of
rir	srv	ESSBHEsS
Mr. Tarte’s department! did not hesitate marked one of h.s hearers. But Elder and by whom, and if by more than one persons interested mav thon Ti 'l to lay out $57,000 in building a break- Potter declared that he would not take it person, give the names of all.	appearand be heard on such application
7*Orand	Œ Xditn	jôïc‘ed « The* £	OtUwa!
50 families.	porlumty of freeing hi* mind. " The All correspondence strictly private and	22r*™
Doesn’t it look nice?	piople <i Beebe Plain held s meetin;, I confidential. Address,	i>;'ifl°'I^ln-
For Mr. Lovell. Lib. M.P. $57,000 and pawed a reflation demanding *n	N. MçCVAIG,	I	unctionKy.to.
For Canadian Farmers.. 7,0001 spology, snd requesting Brother Potter „ „	Provincial Game Warden.
to get out of Canada. At the evening .	* Article 1403a of the Game Laws,
service, standing in a pulpit draped in àTffws :	“ ulay concern’ rea,ls
London July 5	10 12 s m -The fol I J,cL eu,Pe,ldl3d OT*r hi« head, Eldeî ing î^y^TecuItomed^hunt and pur L L °dfD* 3~The “embers of the
L radon, J uly « , 1)11 ».m. I hefol	p0^er read the res Jution, apologized to	HUe deer shall allow such dog to run at	Canadian Coronation	contingent left
lowing bulletin regarding king K Iward a	Qreat Britain for his insults to the flag	large, hunt or course In any place tnhab-	London this morning	for Liverpc ol
cz: SLSSS ix* " I -”d	i”-*1 I	a.i:1
.,.rEE*Ho!“KfBstU!t iïsesl^
stronger. We are glad to be able to	--- Any one may, without incurring any of Her Mtjenty the Queen, H. R. H. the
state that we consider the King now out Toronto, July 4.—A despatch received responsibility, kill any such dog found Prince of Wales and Commander-in chief of danger. The evening bulletin will,	here from London quotes the London	n,IVljn& at large, hunting or coursing in	Lord Roberta, at the neat appearance md
therefore, be discontinued	Times as announcing that the director of 1	ii!1/! V0< ? I ^l.!?refe,n t1>hea,,ove mentioned	soldierly bearing of the	men on alloc-
4‘ Signed, Treves, Laking, Barlow. education in South Africa has publicly	' '	's’	casions. An account cf the review was
coronation.	sfcited that it is the intention of the	Fifttm.n	t	reported to His Majesty the King, who
It is understood that the Marquis of British Government to accord equal cdu-	r mieen	^liled*	aUo desired to make known to his faithful
Hfri/i sS
Inside of Westminister Abbey in Lon- Boxers. It is pretty safe to say that every	about two and a half miles from Gloven-
don everthing remains for the present dollar of the sura came out of the pockets	ville. The cars esme together head-on,
in the condition in which it was prepared, of harmless, peaceful ones, many of whom	while running at high speed. Fifteen of
The Abbey has been locked, and it will be j do not even know there was a Boxer ris the passengers were instantly killed. It keptclosedandin its present condition. No ing. It will not be found that the dis is impossible to get the names of all at.
one beyond those immediately concerned i criminating collectors put an extra tax on	present. City Recorder Frank C. Wood, •	ed	modcr:itor of	the 1	resbytery of	Que-
will be admitted until after the coro-1 the Boxer. It is men of peace who psy |	of Gloversville had hie back broken and I	bec	met	at	Sherbrooke	last
for the war. —Montreal Star
RUN LIGHT.
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
AT THE
Little 4 (1-horse) 3^ or 4 “
Cash Store,
STARK’S
CORNERS.
Friendship Begins at Home
ser
8	feet 20 Teeth s feet 20
9	feet 23 9 feet 29
10 feet 26 Teeth 10 feet 32	“
12 feet 40 “
The Minister of Agriculture, Hon
fill Steel, Self-Dump.
Repairs on hand.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP • TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, TIIE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
L. DUMAS.
At McGuire’s Hotel,
Shawville
G. A HOWARD - AGENT - SHAWVILLE.
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
Potter's Penance
Deer and fV|oose.
NOTICE.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
SILAS YOUNG.
ROBERT C. IjODCINS.
Here it is! S“ES
The Place *nd °°°Hr
Coronation Contingent has
Sailed.
The King is Out of Danger
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Eavetroughing,
Roofing and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
con
In connection with my former business I have just placed In position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Sash,

Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
<
>
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future in crease in business.
Ottawa has put a tax of $25 laundries.
on
¦I
_ Shawville.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
The Rev. Mr. McQueen has been elect-
JOHN G. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR
nation.
is in a very critical condition
Wednesday

L
###PAGE###5###


THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
To give Starched clothes the finest possible finish with least amount of ironing use
A Weekly Journal devoted to local Inter**.
PUBLISHED EVERT THURSDAY
AT SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION—# 1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearage» are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
Haying and
Harvesting
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Rooms.
Bee Starch
A. SMILEY, Prop.
The Kind tljat Gets all % Cream
The Improved
U. S
Cream Separator

*
:o:
ADVERTISING RATES |
Legal advertising. eight cent* per lino for first Inner Mon and four oeute per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Ruai ne** carde not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $4.00 pur year.
Local announcement* Inserted at the rate of « cent* per line for Amt Insertion and 6 cents for subsequent Insertions
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without lnstruc lions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 tuhrnl free of charge. Obituary poetry tb cents per line.
SfARCH
. REQUISITES I
¦ I
Requires no boiling but only mixing with hot or cold water* The iron cannot stick to the linen when Bee Starch is used.
A met of three Patent Piet Irons olckled, in exchange for xoa Bee Brand coupon*.
Bn Starch Co., Montreal

roe
Scythes and Snaiths
Hay Rakes
Hay Fork Rope. I RECEIVED cold npAL, the highest award
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly ^attended to.

FREE
4
JOHN A. COWAN,
9
Publisher.
Business Cards.
W. B. CRAWFORD,
Wholesale Agent, Shawville.
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
: :	N. Y., last summer. : :
MEDICAL.
DR. NIcNAUCHTON. i CEO. HYNES
1 Guaranteed
OFFICE ANI) RESIDENCE :
Pure Paris Green.
(FURNITURE DEALER AND
MAIN ST., EAST.
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Sat-	U WHFPTA If FP
urday afternoons. Telephone In office. |	1
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the
the best machine made—at our warerooms.
“ TT. S.”
A. SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
Grain Cradles,
Blades,
Forks and Fork Handles, Whitstones.
F. T. M. C.
Grsdtut* of Trinity University, Toront" ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omci and Rmidknc* : J. 11 Armstrono'i» House, MAIN STREET • - SHAWVILLE.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith
LEGAL.
I also keep a complete stock of * une*
D. LECUERRIER, I
NOTARY PUBLIC,	attendance. Open dav and night.

Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thurs-, day and Friday of every week. Office at K. McC. Hitch les residence.
Headquarters for
District and Country.
BOORBEAO RAINVILLE, L L L,
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
Rice the murderer of Cons'ahle B^yd, will be hanged in Toronto on Ju’y 18th,
W. W. Brown of Lyn, 0..tM has a Holstein cow tînt gives eighty pound» of mi k par day.
The body of James Thomson, drowned in the Gatineau river a couple of weeks ago, has been tecovt red.
The recent C. picnic at Killaloe is reported to have been the biggest evem of the kind ever hold there.
The building of the big bridge the Sf. Lawrence at Quebec is progn seing satisfactory.
A number of Canadians in South Africa have applied for tlioir ditebarge and it is supposed thf'v intend to se^lt there.
11	1 -	'• A tin, ; :	s r • ? ehe*
mid ry hi E it* bur"S, hi..I hi* csss air, James F i i>-, wer* k 1 led by au hue P >iter in a fit of insanity.
During a funeral service in a province 0? Spain the church was wrecked by a stroke of lightning. Twenty-five persons were killed and 35 injured.
The Montreal street car men intend to ask the company for an increase of wages to 18 cents m week days and 20 cents an hour for Sunday work.
G.F.HODGINS
BRYSON,
ADVOCATE
# #
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
Wm. gamble,
Ice Cream Freezers.
ADVOCATE, A
Office : Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY.
across
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC ,
Another Gold Medal for
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
Trust Building—
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa. Phone No.

V
J. P. GRONATJ • •	. • LADYSMITH.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts. x

l
/ 1
7
/j
1 ii
W. W. IRELAND,


Fishing Nets
(LONDON)
The Pan American Exposition Gold Medal (the highest award) was awarded to John Labatt’s Ales and Stout.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street,-QUEBEC.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court. Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
• « • . Etud . • ..
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
Fishing Tackle
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PUBLI \ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday of every week.
G. G. (loodhue, of Danv lle, Quo , who committed suicide while insane, lefr
$100,000 chiefly to the Barnordo Home I At Owen Sound Captain George Me «ni the British and Foreign BibleSociety. | Dougall and crew of the C P.It. steamer
Athabasca were presented with tokens from the Dominion Government as a recognition of their heroism in rescuing the crew of the United States barge Pioston.
Fatal Accident on the K & P.
A ead and fatal accident under peculiarly digressing circumstances occurred on the Kingston and Pembroke Railway, about half a mile north of Iffiaaissipii
SSHSubSitti	McDougall s cuzher,
'.5 Hardware Merchants, ¦ - - Sussex St. Ottawa.
miles north of McLaren'* Depot, and he - ¦¦ - - —-	---- ¦ --
was employed in the shingle mill of Mr. -riir yriif ODHOCDV Isaac Allan at Mississippi. It appears I lit NIL TV UnUuLIl I Borland met two acquaintances at Mississippi Station, recently returned from Whitney, and with them he had drank liquor. The trio separated, two going in the direction of Clarendon Station and Bertrand starting home, going
by the track. The northbound express | (Corner Main and Plckanock Sts.) came along shortly afterwards meeting the two men that had been with Bertrand a short distance south of Mississippi They had an escape for their lives and
:o
Floods arc reported in the Brandon and G.iswold districts of Manitoba. The Assiniboine River is raising at the rate of one inch per hour.
of all kinds.
J. J. TURNER,
d»y«, and rescued w.th great d,(faculty ^ thenl lt e hundred cent, on the dollar, has signified his intention to become a —Watchman minister of the gospel.
I
¦*'¦?*&*
I
-AND-


MEAT SHOP. "
some
v
Ottawa, July 3—It is very probable
$224,114.
i
I
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
day of the arrival of Lord Dundonald, the new officer commanding. A meeting Down in Merrickville they don't be-1 of the monument committee was held lieve in early closing. The bylaw was last night, when details of the ceremony repealed by the Council at its last meet-1 were discussed, ing and now the stores are open every night.
The man who abducted two Indian silverware | girls from Sault 8te. Marie, Ont., and
conveyed them to the Ameiican side bas been at rested. Hia victims were recovered at the same time.
-AND
and
A

Having secured a new and fresh stock of GROCERIES people can rely on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspect our stock.
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION HYS.
Summer Time Card.
O. N. AND W. RAILWAY.
JEWELLER
f *
m
m
smses
only succeeded by the merest possible chance in evading death. Indeed, one The Government Assay office in Van I them WM struck by the coach step in couver is reported to be well patronized Posing, Young Bertrand became drowsy by miners and companies who formerly ®hortly after leaving Mississippi, for he shipped their gold to New York. lis [*7 <Jown near Hughes' curve with his size has already been materialy Increased, soroei the rads and fell fast asleep, but the manager believes even now it 1 he tra‘° cime rushing on, and, round__	will be inadequate to handle all the met- ,nK .the curve, Engineer Funnell
QUI W7ÎÏ TU fl There were $330 paid out in fox boun I al offered thia season.	j horrified to see the helpless form. He rang
OllA W f lLLui V. ties in the County of Lanark since 1st of .	.	.	, , ,	... for brakes and reversed the engine, but
-------------------- January, 1902, which is just one dollar kAn	^ ÿal has just been »R too late, the train could not ba stop-
k Court Shawville,	*LBÇ.to»K	«“K	S£.‘
If.. *76.	I Gold and Attente comp»niea have been r»nd WM a clever boy and a good worker
kw.ï; ks I rfp: Y	*.12:>ï.tïïS	“• -1-—*
M * ssfe-opener. This time it of a million dollars, and mining oper-	_____
^
Asad aooidenfc occurred in Bathurst 1,1 >orlh l8tinga	industries flourishing are, he states, the
township, near Perth, on Saturday, where-	"	•	sawmills. Besides linking large cuts,
tt A tir tttt t va	r7 Wi,lle 1)07161 aged 6 ?**"' won.of Mr. Long Journey For Relief. many of the lumbermen are enlarging I Vancouver. B C., July 4 —Chinamen
Jtl A W V IJ-aIjEj	IrtniDw I > ylt, of t in* 2nd concession was	—	their mills, a condition which Mr. Mar-1 have made an unsuccessful attempt to
TTATTTTkrn DAnTAD	killed. The little boy accompanied his	Winnipeg, Man., July 4.—Rev. R.	gach attributes to “the demand for lum-	get Into the Klondike.	A Urge	number
MAVliNijr X^AKLiUrtf	father on a milk wagon to the cheessffac-	Fefrier, has just arrived from a York	ber for settlers pouring into the North-	struck White Horse.	They were called
lAiiti suivu n . .	t?** a.nd !n .eon!e countable manner fell factory, 800 miles from Winnipeg, to have west Territories.” The Canadian North- j upon by a vigilance committee* and told For tickets or further information apply
JOrjH 5^11 H, Proprietor, from his fathers arms and was struck hy a wound dressed. Mr. Ferrier, a MoGill west is fast becoming an excellent market to go. They refused, thereupon their to station agent or GEO. DUNCAN,
the wagon wheel. His father immedi-1 graduate, is an Anglican church missionary fbr lumber, and it is one that ought to ; baggage was thrown on a moving train,	Dist. Pass. Agent,
_	ately stopped the horses and picked up | among the Indians at York factory. A I be held for the Canadian mills. Lumber ; and they were lifted into the train after	42 Sparks St.,
a Pi un m,, »	_ rr. __	the boy from the road, but he died in a | few weeks ago while he was shooting f going from Canada to the States pays a 1 struggling and wildly protesting against	Ottawa, tin .
A a. hi< if able I B T,	ttw minute». The father was prostrated I	geeae, hie gun burst, and the left hand ,	duty; lumber entering the Dominion	the treatment. At	Bennett,	United
(r°or> Shampoo, or	with grief and it is feared that his mind 1	was badly shattered, and it was necessary	from the States encounters no tax. Such	States customs officers	hustled	them to
A Clean Shave.	may become • fleeted as a result of the to come from the shores of Hudson Bay a jug handled arrangement should not Skagway, where they
fortunate accident.	110 Winnipeg for treatment.	exist.—Amprior Chronicle.	; steamers for British C
A SELECT STOCK Of
WATCHES, ' CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
< "n
. \
» /
f \

IT* '
+ Train No. 101 leaves Ottawa 5.05 P.M. + Train No, 102 arrives	“	8.25	A.M.
o Train No. 108 leaven	“	7.45	A.M.
o Train No. 104 arrives	“	6.00	P.M.
8 Train No. 106 leaves	“	1.30 4 M.
§ Train No. 106 arrives	“	8.00	P.M.
4- 4 Train No. 107 leaves	“	9.30	A.M,
4 4- Train No. 108 arrives	44	6.45	P.M.
r,

i
Ac. Ac.
i tr. V
Retaikiho—
a Spkcialitt;
was
H. A. HODGINS.
8m
A
Lord Dundonald.
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
4 Train No. 109 leaves Ottawa 5.10 P.M. 4	Train No.	110 arrives	44	9.25	A.M.
#	Train No. Ill leaves	“	6.45	A.M.
#	Train No. 112 arrives	14	4.35	P.M.
f Daily except Sunday, o Daily except Saturday and Sunday.
#	Saturday only, r 4 Sunday only.
*	Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays only.
London, July 3.—The Earl of Dundonald, the new general officer commanding the Canadian militia, eaili for Can-
H >
l'

¥
J. A. Cowan, R. 8.
H. S. Barn ITT, F.S
Rough on Chinamen.

R. W. Hodoins.C. R.
S
The spot for—
H.B. SPENCER,
Cen. Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. R.)
OTTAWA, Oat
boarded Canadian olumbia.
Your Turn next.
un

_ 1

###PAGE###6###
T"


)
JOYOUS CROWDS.
Some farmers find that the artificial fertilizers jay a profit of 100 per
No farmer who
mtsssummssmm
DOCTOR JACK, f
By ST. GEORGE RATHBORNE,	^
Captain Tom/* 44 Baron Sam,” “Miss ^
*.i« ieaa'r Is crushed against the plonking, and a second only saves him-pelf by clinging to the horns of the ^ I hull, which animal, by
powerful bead, sends hint Into the crowd.
While this scene Is taking place the 1 copie hava forgotten that they have tongues. Thy equal of this ebony king has never been seen before. He strikes ^ I every one with a peculiar feeling of alarm, and some timid souls are even contemplating the possibility of seeing him tear down the strong barrier, and vL proceed to demolish the whole am phi-'l* theater.

f FOR FARMERS]
Coni on	eotit ¦¦¦¦
wants to lift a mortgage or wilt, a
afford to work without
Then no home-made fertilizer
waste,
The Man in the Asylum and \v the Street Compared.
*
a to»» of hts
dollar can
» « *iiiiHHPHPHH
should ho allowed to go to| _
no brush nor weeds should ho allowed to grow up In the fence cor-
In any space that can lx* on proceeds cultivated no apologies for fences "Of course, such exuberance is wi .should ho tolerated and while the ! insanity of the moment. When it crops — Mich us roots or vegetables j1» over wo make excuses and look generally arc growing, the ground sheep-faced when brought to rvdeo should ‘ be stirred, over and over tion; but wo are able to settle down
to our prosaic existence much mort
$
The London Lancet seriously die* ciieeee the psychology of Jubilation. After referring to the shouting, the hell ringing, the feather-tickling, and
t
*
Seasonable nnd Profitable Hints for the Busy Tillers v of ti e Soil.	A


hers or
*
tt *4
%
Author of “Doctor Jack’s Wife,
Pauline of New York,” “Miss Caprice,” Etc.
FLY PREVENTIVES


Last year 1 was able to keep up the milk lloxv through August, notwithstanding the fact that the falling olT of milk at tho factories was more serious than any year previous, principally on account of tho Hies, writes Mr. J. A McDonald, PEL I


again with cultivator or harrow Farmer» who work on these lines <|uiok ly than would luvvo been pos-ollght not to ho troubled with mort- *IWe if wo Imd fought against the „.agea or enfl'ty pockets.	volcanic explosion of fooling and en-
h	‘	douvored to cool ourselves by mon
VALUE OF CLOVER.	gradual and rational methods*
.sws.*r:?sz-ru	FF'FF r?
ÜlhSsSI E rSS
,	ïArïfJS "f :F
tho commercial world, when you go >“'« of jt. ,1 allot,, has run out and to buy it in the shape of a fertilizer «e cm rest lapped „ the peace that 18 rents per pound You '"Hows an irresistible lotting go.
then a gain of $1(1.110 "'So	<'te crowds III I-
Take a crop of wheat, on "ig our streets on Mafeking and hand, and you remove pence nights and the u/»nlty of this
frame of mind to madness must
It takes Mr. Bull just about ten minutes to dispose of the banderilleros.
He seems to enjoy the fun about as well as the audience do, for some of the latter have found their tongues
now, and are rhoutlng to the brute to from flics and dritxl-up pastures than kill the cowardly curs who dare not any other locality, yet through Au-face him. The same bravos who shout gust my milk flow was but 1|
pounds per cow per day less than in the flush of Juno pasture, and this with cows which calved in tho spring. I used pure kerosene oil, and think it is tho simplest, cleanest and moat potent remedy among the many fly preventives in use. 1 use a common tin hand spray that holds one quart of liquid, and it is lmt tho work of two minutes for each cow to spray them for flies every day. When flies are very persistent I spray twice, morning and night, as kerosene evaporates very quickly. One quart of kerosene is sufficient to spray ten COWS oner The management attempt to expos- and costs 5 cents, or i cent per tulate with the dart throwers. They cow.
will sit upon the fence and cast their To test the value of the kerosene n Issiles at long range, but threats spray from an economical point of and bribes alike fall to Induce them j view. I have occasionally desisted
from spraying. On these occasions the cow» were pretty well covered with flies, though sprayed the previous evening. On the following morning the milk flow fell off an average of two pounds per cow and at night about three pounds from
the daily average for tho week.	,	, ,,
That showed a loss of five pounds of English formers, by following
rotation have not only retained the I fertility of their farms, but have actually increased it, although constant cultivation for hundreds of
wr» no more immune
*' >ou shall see fun now. I told you that Hack bull was a devil. Evan
It is a most astounding discovery trove Pedro docs not fancy the bust-that Doctor Jack has just made, and nuts. Unle.is the varleta weary the h.- may well b CUSedi for losing his head for just half a doxen seconds.
There can be no mistake. Jack is ready to wager half his fortune on the fact that he Is gazing upon the face of the Barcelona flower girl, and the nun who bathed his head with spirits of cologne after his encounter with the Barcelona mob, but this does not explain the deep mystery that hangs over the affair.
The red bull tires out soon, and his tormentors retire at a blast from the trumpet, their place being taken by banderilleros, who advance and cast their darts unerringly. Gaudy streamers and rosettes are attached to these, and the bull soon looks like the prize cattle of a show.
At the same time something of fury Is aroused In him, though he almost staggers In his wild rushes. The torturers have done their work—the trumpet again sounds.
“It is Pedro's turn." says Don Carlos. who has been an excited spectator of the game, and in his eagerness almost forgotten that he has companions at his elbow.
The great audience suddenly calm down. No longer shouts arise, not even a handkerchief is waved to distract the attention of either the bull
CHAPTER Ilf
could not be hired to remain In that h closure for half the money in Madrid, but It Is so easy to e-tt In security and guy a poor devil whose teeth are rattling together like castanets, and who would not If he could, and could not If he would.
Is this the end ?
The black bull remains master of the field, and has not been tired half enough to give the matador a chance of killing him. Of course It Is not expected That PûBquex will enter the mena unless men are found to torment the bull still more and weary him with foil ts.
animal out before he Is, called, it may go hard with him."
A team of gayly caparisoned mules, with tinkling bells, Is driven Into the arena, and the bull and dead horses dragged out, after which the second scene will be opened, the same thing being gone through with, under a greater or lesser degree of excitement.
While the arena Is being cleared and gotten in readiness for the next engagement, Jack converses with the Spanish girl. He notes the expressive glances she casts in the direction of the Turkish pasha, and o light begins to steal upon him. llo fancies he can at least understand the sudden enmity of that worthy In the red fez, who has been looking upon him in the light of a rival. The other matter, concerning Me:cedes and tho flower mart of Barcelona, remains a deep mystery, w hich tan only be solved when this strange girl grants him a private interview.
She talks almost continually of Pedro, and more than once declares that she adores brave men in a manner so pointai that Jatk Is puzzled to know what she can mean. He docs not understand women—he lias always admitted that fact. What Is this
about
luivo here,
per acre. the other
from your soil two pound.» of nftro- j gen for every bushel of wheat utid st i iko obs< iMint
the straw which accompanies it. At tlnl <1 ifTerence twenty bushels to the acre you there- of a mmi Mtut'e un «uiy uni und the
from your land forty inannity of a man outside is that
the former has his failure of inhibition at times when there is no ex-
men. The essen-betweon tho madness
foro take
pounds, which at 18 cents amounts I Lo $7
You" hit vo us a balance again* this fuse except his own personal moi-twenty bushels of wheat at the mar- bid condition. When, there ore, the kot price This is the foundation rest of society is unprepared It principle of wheat and known as the wnta the forcible exhibition of what
¦¦jgejjlH g™ j,, is again i its feeling <>f the
i ment. The latter's outburst exact-clover l.v represents that feeling and the
tu enter.
A low murmur, that sounds like far away thunder, gradually rising as the storm sweepi rear, until the moan becomes a shout, and this In turn a lull vit. Jack asks the cause. It Is not difficult to find.
The aiena contains the figure of a n.an—Pedro Vasqucz, Toledo blade In cne hand and scarlet muleta In the other, stands there. Brave man, he knows the awful chances he takes, but by no sign does he show fear.
One hand Is raised, It Is to quell the deafening applause, which may un-neive him. Wait until all is over, and then If he wins give him what he deserves ; should he lose he will probably need nothing beyond a requiem. Imtantly all becomes as silent as death, and those two in the arena face each other, the man cool and watchful, the brute scraping up the sawdust and dirt with one hoof, as if in dett-
re*
“Norfolk Rotation” so popular tho old country. It is a four years
rotation with roots, barley ¦	,	,	. .	...
nmt wheat in the order named. Many sniilty of what is really a manifesta-
tin-,
Tho Lancet argues that these ebullitions arc good for tho community, In though it stays:	"Wo foci that this
is tantamount to confessing that tho march to civilization has not modified human nature so much At might be believed. Tho world i$ very much as it Was long ago. There is still the same tendency toward explosiveness, mind storms, and lose of inhibition, and it takes very little to seduce the sedate citizen into the destructiveness of the child, the rag' of tho university student or the ‘hooliganism’ of the man in the street. Habit may do much. The events of Uia last three years have been in the nature of a new experience. There was no preparation and no gradual adaptation to now conditions, while everything that argued for explosiveness was provided.”
milk per day, notwithstanding the fact that tho cows were fed nil abundance of green feed at each milking.
1 am satisfied that a j-cent's worth of kerosene oil and two minutes' time give five pounds milk, which to me is worth 5 cents. 1 have previously tried fish-oil and other ingredients ns a ily-prevcntlve, but find such oil mixtures arc nasty to up- higher than
ply, and emit a disagreeable odor, give drop' enough so that tho cows besides attracting dust and sand on can lie down the cows' bodies.
One day last summer, T was out of kerosene, and having no other oily ingredient at hand save tallow,
1 melted a quantity on the stove, and to cause a pungent suncll added about two tablespoon fuis turpentine to one pint melted tallow. This I applied to the cows while warm, and olï found it had a splendid effect in warding off the flies, and what was more, the weather being wet at the time, found it to be the most lasting fly-preventive l ever tried. It it
forms a scale or coat on the hair After the stable is fixed, the cows rP|,e young mon entered the boot-that withstands the attack of flies, in and the milking all done the last maker's establishment hastily, aftei and for wet or rainy weather, np- thing to do before leaving them for jlavjng giftllC(Xi cautiously round to pears to be much ahead of kerosene, the night is to clean out any ma- see that no one Wns about The wet apparently increases its ad- nure that may have dropped since hurrjod past tho assistant to the hi si ve qualities. Hut it is nasty to they were tied up, and then scatter fnrther cn(1 of tpe Khop, where he apply and takes a much longer time, some sawdust or other absorbent on produced a small brown paper parA brush is not	very good to apply | the floor below	the drop.	rlhis	col jrom un(jcr h|s coat,
it with, so, for	best effects, it must soaks up the urine	and when	a	cow	.«gco these slippers?"	ho	asked,
be applied with the hand. Have the ^ lying down, her tail will not be-	wont u goo(l pair Qf heels put
tallow mixture and liquid warm and come wet. Upon going out to milk in
apply to the	withers, front sides, the morning, cows	stabled in	this,	-nut—er—h’m — these	arc	very
belly, fore logs	and horns with the | way will be clean ami one will	nut	Q|(| Uppers, very much	worn,'' ob-
palm of the hand. The tallow mix- experience the unpleasantness oi jpgted the man turo is withal somewhat dear, so I having a wet and dirty tail swung s^an(| heeling only use it in wet weather and do- across the face pend almost wholly on the kerosene
dimming creature hinting at ? Does si v \u. i;t him tu rpring down into the or Ms master, who steps Into the | arena and play chulo, arena.
It 1s now that a man appears, and that excited throng realize the fact, which accounts for the sudden silence.
years
banderillero, ! and matador all In one ? Thanks, but
TIIE VOW STABLE
he came here to see a show, not to make one. These men were hired to
Tho platform on which the stand should be at least six inches
the floor
cows
amuse people, and did but do their duty. Perhaps at some future time reives his attach, not flying from It as fate would be kind enough to give him do the other actors In the drama. He a chance to prove his bravery in a way is the star of the combination
This will
The matador faces the bull, and re-
wit bout getting into manure. But cows will not keep clean if the platform on which they stand is not of the proper length. It should project not more than two inches beyond the cows hind feet. It works well to have the platform i or 5 inches higher than tho rear end, as this allows the urine to run It takes but little time to fix the stable. If too low tho platform cun easily be raised by putting thicker pieces of timber underneath, and if too long a saw will shorten
satisfying to even her Spanish quix-
For the first time since casting back ctio ideas her vail Mercedes turns toward the
For tho present he Is well content She sees the look upon to Bn where he Is, anCt I t others do his race, knows that ho has recogniz- | their best to entertain the multitude, ed her, and places a finger Upon her scarlet lips In a way that indicates— silence.
American
ance
It is a picture for a master. Mercedes, with clasped hands, gazes
The mules have dune their duty, and
the chinos and picadors and draws In inspiration—she looks as
though the man in the anna were a g(d, and Jack hears her utter words jhat thrill him like electricity :
“ Cara mb a ! I adore a brave man
once more
ride forward, but the keen eyes of the American notes a lack of confidence in reaches his ear, and tHelr actions—that awful bellow has the next Instant she is pointing into frozen the marrow in their bones, and
they fear the coming encounter with
the fierce demon scon to be let loose.
“ You shall know all in good time Sen or Evans,
*•*
the arena, and saying “ Look at Pedro Vasques, Senor American. Did vou ever see a braver man ? He stands before the torn perfectly fearless
The tableau Is broken.
It is the bull that makes the first move. The animal has seemed to sunt new danger from the time Pedro Yasquez entered the arena, and at the same time some subtle power has given the brute to understand that he now faces a man and not a coward.
Vp to this time the sympathies of the vast audience have been entirely with Taurus. Deep down in their hearts these Spaniards respect bravery, and they cheer the adversary who follows up his blow, and hiss those who strike and then ily as though the Old Nick himself were after them.
Now the loro is in motion again. He con es plunging down upon the daring mrtador like an avalanche. Pedro Vasques has done a foolish thing, and he knows it, but perhaus some sneering remark has urged him on. He will show these people of Madrid, he swears, that the Yasquez of to-day la fully the equal of any matador whose memory Is held sacred.
Even the American Is forced to admire the man's grit, though he expects to see him suffer for it. In Jack's opinion the Spaniard has not the proper conception cf what he should do under these extraordinary circumstances, for never has Pedro faced a niad bull such as the one now rushing upon him.
" Fool ! fool !” Jack mutters, almost unconsciously, and then he sees Mercedes turn and give one quick look into his face, showing she must have caught his words.
Then comes the collision—when a fast moving body bears down upon a stationary one, unless the latter gets out of the way In haste, there Is bound to be a smash-up lighter engine always gets the worst of It, and Indeed this is generally the ewe the world ever.
Pedro has depended on luring the bull to one side by means of his flaunting muleta, dangled out with his left
hand
parted that this animal will follow the tactics pursued by the last, and swerve enough from the course to allow the planting of tho sword point upon left breast, when, as In the case of the red bull, his own velocity will do the ntt.
SHOES THAT WERE MEANT TO
HURT.
It' Pedro Yasquez lias anything of
,......	“ =ns r.,™
Spaniard give the coup de grace. You have faced the half-starved bulls In Mexico, Don Carlos says, but they cannot compare with our noble brutes.
It is a different matter being in front cf that bull, for instance, senor."
Jack does not reply, how can he argue with a beautiful lady, and vaunt his own prowess, too ? It goes against his grain, so he smiles and bows, but Inwardly raves.
Ah ! the bull makes un his mind.
The critical moment has arrived, and down unon the brave matador he rushes. It looks as though the ponderous beast must run over the man who has dropped upon one knee, as if to receive the assault, his straight sword, with its keen point, upraised; but this position has been assumed only in a spirit of bravado by the executioner, who knows too much to retain It long-
Palienee, and we shall
face the toro sec in good time.
All eyes are bent eagerly and hungrily on the door of the toril must issue the second buxine monster. It is ttill clcsed, but iTie alquazil has tho key in the lock, and awaits the signal to whirl the door open, after which he will leap fur his life over the barrier.
He
I

whence
on."
Back of that dost1 a fearful sound is heard, like a peal of distant thunder oft repeated, and the audience catch their breath as the conviction strikes home, even before they see the bull, that here must be a warrior fit for 1 the steel of Yasquez.
Ah ! the trumpet sounds, open files the door, the ground seems to tremble as a mad bull, black us jet and ugly as sin, sweeps into the arena, ready to do battle.
Then the silence is broken, a whirl of furious applause arises, and the black terror is Been in hot pursuit of a picador. Vain are the timid attempts of the chulos to distract his attention. The brute keeps one object in
They will hardly
I 4
9 9
“I only want them for one occasion," replied the young man. “Only for a minute or two. But I want a good solid pair of heels, hard leather
spray
25c.
RUSSIA'S REVENUE SOURCES
DR. A. W. CHASE’S CATARRH CURE
9 9
The Russian Chancellor has a
They will hardly be a credits-unique source of revenue which Sir ble pair/1 continued the assistant, Michael Hicks-Beach must envy, liv- “even if you only wear them for u cry Russian going to a concert, a fow minutes theatre, or any public entertainment pays his share towards the support of an institution established by the Russian Government on behalf of
Every ticket sold is tax-in 1898 a million roubles

b sent direct to the diseased parts by the Improved Blower. Heals the ulcoee, dears the six portâtes, ttops d(opp(nes in the K	threat and permanently cures
r	Cetsrrh snd fley Fever. Blower
free. All dealers, or Dr. A. W. Chase Medicine Co., Toronto and DuA.de.
'Certainly u cheap
li
new pair would
"I'm not going to spend money on a new pair for that," said the own-
T want some good thick, hard heels on these — you can make them of iron or stone or anything you like, so long as they are hard."
The man stared at him, in doubt whether his customer was in full possession of his senses.
“You don’t understand." said the customer, looking round the shop and speaking in a low voice tell you what I want ’em for. courting a pretty girl, and cut me out. They are going to be married to-morrow, and I'm going to throw a pair of old slippers at him—for luck, you know and if 1 don’t give him something to remember his wedding day by, you can set me down us a heathen Chinee."
er
The little red muleta held by the left hand to one side engages the attention of the charming beast. With glaring, reddened eyes and steaming nostrils he bears down upon It.
Master oh his trade, Yasquez has his Ms eye, and pursues it with over-Toledo blade held out with a firm hand, whelming zeal.
his eye is glued upon the spot, no See ! the horse Is thrown over, gored larger than the palm of his hand, be- to his death, and the man will be al-tween the left shoulder and the spine, 80, fur his fallen steed pins him down, where the point of the weapon must but just in the nick of time a foot-enter.	j man flaunts a scarlet flag before the
Thousands hold their breath In this j bull’s eyes, and is presently assisted moment of suspense. A miss will cause over the fence by his powerful pur the reputation of the matador to suf- suer, with a leg ripped open.
cr doggedly
the pool cd, and
(about $625,000) rolled into the treasury through this channel. But the Government of the Tsar established a reputation for financial cleverness when it made a little fortune out of the Crimean War. For months after the end of the War old iron, shot, and shell were picked up around Sebastopol. For a while a regular trade grew up. thousands of tons of metal being sold. Such a chaqce was too good to be missed,
BJHP	.	_	and the Government stepped in bc-
and butter producers; it costs neai- ^ween buyers and sellers with a tax
ly as much to feed a scrub cow ^ ^ per hundredweight. When the that returns three times as j,|<t sjl(lt jiaj been picked up and
sold the Tsar’s Chancellor found that he had reaped a little harvest of £15,000!
FARMING FOR PROFIT
The farmer who has an $800 mortgage on a $1,000 farm wants relief from his incubus, and tho farmer who is free from debt wants to put away a few dollars every year against the evil day that is sure to
The mortgage cannot be
come
raised by sprinting, nor the dollars saved by spasmodic work and in experimental farming there is rarely any profit. If one sells milk or butter he should keep only good milk
I’ll
I was Black
On a railroad the
fer
The fallen picador is helped out in Jack feels a small hand clutching his j time, and meanwhile the black bull arm. It Is Mercedes, who, bending for-	¦¦BIHHHHBI
ward, hardly realizes what she Is do- a terrer has never >et been seen in the lng, ho great is her interest in the | plaza del Toros, and those who ought drama below
Of course the American does not re- 1 onjy worried lest they cannot get over move that hand—It might clasp him j the fence fast enough, thus for hours, and he would find grace . j^0t a horseman Is left. The animals to bear the captivity.	| pe Up0n the st— dust, downed by the
His eyes, too, are upon the scene. I hems of the sable giant, while their He watches the man with the gaze I iate valiant riders sit astride the fence of a connoisseur, one who has been 1 with the chulos, ready to drop back it there himself, and appreciates the situ- the bull but winks twice, and utterly at ion, which most of the spectators do unmindful of the jeers that greet them not. Vasque* has a smile on his Bps. 0n all sides, accompanied with a as though he scorns a beast such as shower of orange parings and nuts.
Undoubtedly the toro Is master of
has demolished two more horses. Such
as one
much for its keep; if he keeps poul-|try, turkeys
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
and keep them well, that carry the
most dollars under their skins. If he grows fruits or vegetables for the market, lie should grow such as the
wants and he should mar-
to be worrying him seem themselves
or geese or sheep or should keep the varieties.
lie seems to have taken it tut
He—“It’s easy to see that womee were made before minors '
“Indeed ? Why ?" Ho— 'Because that's how they got the start They’ve teen before them ever since.’
“I’ve read that the • first man wh< ever carried an umbrella in thi streets, over a hundred years ago was mobbed.’’ “By people wh« wanted to be tho first to borrow it I suppose."
She—
Mother:	“1 suppose your father
doesn't mean to do it, but he tries my patience very hard at times Daughter
pretty good man." is, my dear; but it is hard to think that after wo have been married twenty years he still occasionally talks back."
his
consumer
ket them, when the consumer wants them, and above all things he should the largest quantity possible given space of ground. Except for fertilizers, it costs as much to grow 100 bushels of potatoes on an acre of ground as to grow 300.
9 9
Oh, I think papa is a
Mother:	“He
grow on a
(To Be Continued.)
The bull has
ofre him
the one ±e
reached The flaming engano or lure | the situation so far. He looks around which is tossed upon his horns, for 1 him to make sure of this, and then the game is done. The point of the contentedly chews at a tuft of grass eword has touched the marked spot on i	'
hie breast, and the very force of the that appears above the sawdust, which or ward rush drives the blade J action Is greeted with shrieks of
laughter by the people, who declare this noble fellow will break the whole bull-fighting community up yet.
As the remnant of the first brigade car.not be bribed or forced to enter the ring again, the dead horses are removed as beet they can out of the with a tackle provided for this Thus the ring is substan-
SCOUBGE OF PLAGUE
India’s Startling Record Since
September, 1896
A British Government statement regarding the condition of India in respect to the plague from its first outbreak in Bombay in September, 1896, to March, 11*02. tal of reported deaths from the disease during that period of 536,600 in the Bombay Presidency and 315,400 in other parts of India, or a total of 852,000 for the whole of British India and the native States. Making allowance for un traced and unreported deaths it is calcinated that a million died during the period mentioned.
During the first three months of 1902 tho deaths reported In tho Bombay Presidency were compared with 17,806 in the corresponding period of 1901.	_ L
part* of India show a corresponding
specially in the Punjab, where the deaths in 1900 were 515, in 1901
months of risen enormously ported in JJ 42,788.
This Little Girl Cured of Eczema
4
%

t
#

H'tl’e
' ^
through the lungs into the brave hotrt.
So the first round Is over. The bull lies on the saw-dust, blood "issuing from his mouth, and the \ ast audience make the welkin ring with cheers of '* Viva Vasque* I Bravo matador
The hero of the death struggle re-	ee
Ct-ins his fatal sword, wipes it upon .. cleared for the second scene of the carcase of his antagonist, makes i lWs qulck panorama, low how, flr.3t in the direction of the Entfr banderilleros with brave captain-general, and then all around , mien bright rlbWns flying, and to the the amphitheater, after which he starts n uf ^ a quickstep by the band, to withdraw, in order to make himself Jack imagines that unless these men ready for the next encounter.	8re extraordinarily spry j
At this moment a most terrific bel- band will presently have occasion to low tounds from the direction of the ¦ pjay tbe Dead March In Soul, for there toril. The people hear it, and con- | js blood In the eye of the bull, gratulate each other on the feast yet In store. Pedro Yasquez stops In his stride, glances toward the torll door, shrugs his shoulders, and passes on.
v
t
Tho Burning, Stlnglnr Sensations Taken Away and the Raw Flesh Healed
by Dr. Chase’s Ointment.
shows a to-
t

t

It is not at all unusual for children to suffer greatly from eczema, a form of itching skin disease, but it frequently happens that relief is very hard to obtain, and neglect is likely to leave the subject a life-long victim of this skin trouble. Dr. Chase’s Ointment has proven itself a quick relief and permanent cure for this ailm* Take, for example, tho following case
Mr. C. Wiley, who is employed as cooper by the Kennedy A Davis Milling
!»•
a
way
i
b
V
Lindsay, Ont., soon brought
company,
I used Dr. Chase’s Ointment for eczema on njy little girl some few years ago, and |
She had suffered for considerable time, and though wc tried a great

states
about a thorough and permanent many remedies, Dr. Chase’s Ointment was the only preparation to prove effective.
*T cannot speak too highly of Dr. Chase's Ointment, as it certainly effected a prompt and permanent
cure in this case.	,	14
Dr Chase’s Ointment is remarkably effective as a treatment for sore feet, and every form of *k»n imt*
n
EC
a
nl
the same
62.667
lion
Other
for
tn
Mrs. J. Brunton, Allendale, Ont., states :—“I can recommend Dr. Chase’s Ointment as a sure cure sore feet. I stand a great deal on my feet, and have been troubled for some time with chafing and blisters. My toes	n raw and very painful.
‘T had tried nearly everything recommended for sore feet, but Dr. Chase’s Ointment	##
that did me any real good. It soothod the burning and stinging, and thoroughly healed and cured the *ores.
Dr. Chase’s Ointment is wo believe, the most effective and most thoroughly satisfactory treatment that
itchihg akin disease» and eruptions. 60 cent» s box, at aH
m
He waits until one of them plants explosive dart in his side, and then ¦¦Now they scatter like a flock . First this one Is chased, and
increase
f
la
an
is the only remedy
FS
15,245. while in the first 1902 the figures have The deaths
March alone numbered
starts, of
Vaya Membre cries Don Carlos, | then that other—sveh Is the raplditv
of the toro's advances th*t the men bem ildered by it.
ih
HI
re-
lb.
was ever used for eczema, salt rheum and dealers, or Edmonson, Bates k Co., Toronto,
rubbing his bonds together with delight, and addressing the American,
Vc
are
k

j
....

###PAGE###7###

ETES OF PAIN

C0B0NBT8 FOB MILL 0IBLS
Il
PERSISTENCE.
The merchant who keep» after business along a pint* laid clown in the start and stays with his until he has won the success coveted or until he finds wherein him plan was defective, will sooner or later get n great advantage from the work he has been doing, and will find his efforts crowned with the best that could be obtained for his labor. If he pushes until ho finds his plan was wrong ho will have nil the more reason for congratulation that he so soon discovered his error, which will nmke success possible later and he will not fail to realize handsome* }y in the end. The necessity is to know when to alter a plan already outlined and to stick to that which seemed right, improving wherever possible, but continuing until the profit is what it ought to he.
Every Women Should
Know.
/J-JtiHLyô jJL/ ILmUy*
'JrUiHAjâ -/JL/ &L*1lt/
v^/bjliyS //!o J/eA/h~
remarkable courtships and marriages.
CAUSE? BY A TUMOR OF THE
BREAST.
That Prof. W. Hodgson Bills,
Official Analyst to the Dominion Government, has recently made a number of analyses of soaps, and reports that Sunlight Soap contains that high t percentage of oils or fats necessary m. ,_ .	. .	„ “to a good laundry t;oap.”
¦rai .vas rar z
hn« risen from the rank of Mm,- fluently pay* for adulterations at the gill to her present social eminence, price of oils and fata. Try Sun,	,	well	Tl'ue, she	bore prior to her marriage	light	Soap-Octagon Bar—next	wash
known to nearly everybody in Hawk-	(he name	of Gurney, one of the most	day,	and you will mme	that	Prof
eshury, Vanklvvk 11111 and surround-	ancient	In Norfolk. 1 ho future	Ellli	la right. He should	know	fcoft
ing country. She was born in Van-	('ountees'	father, however, met with
kloek IilII, but since her marriage, business reverses, resigned his part-
rssA a*	ssSTt.—	*» *— - —
one ofU "he muv	tlioul^'lho j Gurny	Inborn pa	Matter and wU-
P™vcd the great value of Dr.	mc,lt ^ London, but met with scant	nessed	the	incident.	He had
Williams 1'lnk Pills, and gives her	success, her two daughters, who act-	left a
experience for the benefit of other	e,i ftS assistants, ultimately becom-	with	one	little girl
sulïfrer». She says “While nurs-	ing saleswomen in the shop of the	not unnaturally thought
*87iy llrSt child 1	from a mt)diste, Madame Elise, says Pear- man with the sweet face and sym-
nursing tumor under the left breast.	kon 8 Weekly.	pathetic manner	would make a kind
I he first symptom	was a sharp pain	The fame of	the “beautiful Misses mother to my child.” Inquiries,
ip lowed by a grow th, which grudu- Gurney,” as they got to be called, I cautiously Instituted, elicited the al y increased in size until it became spread abroad, and in the end both fact that the girl was as good and us lui go ns an egg. It was exceed-1 of them contracted alliances which virtuous as she was pretty, and the rg y painful and caused n o great raised them to even higher social upshot of it all was a quiet wedding sintering. 1 consulted a doctor, who positions than that which they had at which two tiny toddlers assisted gu\e me medicine, but it did me no forfeited through no fault of their a* bridesmaids. One of these was good. I hm I consulted another doc- own. Rachael, the elder, married Hr. Nelson’s child by his first wife, toi, who said I would have to under- young Lord Dudley, mine-owner and and the other was the little girl go an operation. In the meantime, millionaire, landlord of thirty thou- I who had figured os one of the prin-lioxvoxer, the tumor broke, but »nnd acres, and patron of thirteen cipnls in the episode which had been would not heal, and as a result I was livings, with estates In Jamaica, the means of bringing about the feeling xory much run down. At this i two splendid country houses, and a I ceremony, time my attention was directed to palatial residence in Carlton Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills, and I be- dens. Laura, the other sister, gun using these. I soon felt that now I^ady Troubridgc, and cuts they were giving me increased conspicuous figure in tho smartest of I might 1 strength, and after using a few smart London Society
above, because they make rich, red	‘	who married the third Earl of 1,1 m-v limb8-	#
Mcmd and drive all impurities from 1 ENTHIC MANUFACTURER Peterborough, was originally an * ( ^d frequent severe headaches •
the system. Through their action on	of that city. It was on a tempostu-	orange-girl.	and more times very sharp pains in	••••£)<	we	W*
the blood they also cure such trou-	ous night in the winter of 1891) that	The late Earl Poulett’s first	wife	tho loP of my head, which gave me
blrs as anaemia, heart palpitation,	Mr. Holwick stopped to look at a	was a barmaid, and the claims	of	UiUch annoyance in my work.
erysipelas, scrofula, skin eruptions, diamond pendant, exposed for sale her son, who was long an organ-	,in#e,ti would cramp andü	I	I
rheumatism, St. Vitus’ dance and ;	a jeweller’s shop, which was also	grinder on the streets of London to	wou,d ha'e ttn uneasiness in my legs |and 1,104 injured
the aliments that make the lives of	a pawnbroker’s. At the same mo-	the family titles and estates,	pro-	11,1(1 occasional pains in the loins.
many women miserable. The meat a poorly-dressed,	young woman	mise to	furnish one of	the	most re-1	* WnS	in	spell» and	short
genuine a I wax » bear the full name wearing a shawl over	her shoulders,	markable	actions-at-law	on	record °* breath.	If	1	ate	a	hearty meal I
’ Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale, entered the door leading to the	______-______ would have a pain in my left side.
People,” on the wrapper around pledge department.	My appetite would sometimes be very
cxery box. Sold by all dealers in! A minute or so later	she rc-aimem-	RUBBER	FR0M THE AMAZON,	good and	sometimes	I	couldn’t	eat
ni©<D ci ne, or sent postpaid at SO ed without her shawl,	but with a	  *nyth1i,,g/
Mr alms by a ragged and shoeless ^llc (lcnse forests of the Amazon, 1 ""fieicd quite a little with a urchin, whose won face boro out wllosc rubber producing plants yield | d'oggmg heaxy fueling across tho only too plainly his story of hunger 111,1 greater part of the world's sup- °.r”'
by baker’s shop, bought a loaf and	U>r9 ^ in the past year.	Large	bccn cured. and 1 began to use them.	Retirai is built	almost entirely	of I
Misers are notorious for their odd	Pulling oil the top gave it to tho	arcas of rubber lands in the	far in-	, 'A,muoflt ,rom thc start 1 ^gan to	tombstones.	It	runs from Infirm-
wills and strange secretion	of	pro-	child. -Then, wrapping the remainder	terior’ which until recently had nev-	f<? t lhe ^nderful improvement,	«JJ SqUar®	down	to the Bridge	of
Pcrty. Mr. and Mrs. Close,	at	Not-|'in her apron, she hurried awav	cr contributed to thc supply,	are be-	wh,ch continued as the treatment	‘>I£ns-
tingham, England, were reputed through the rain and darkness. J Ujnning to augment the annual PJ needed, till the unpleasant symp-very rich and great misers. After Struck by the pathos of the inclJyie,(1 ?f the AmaZo” b«si"- As an tonis ,had onc onc entirely disap-
=fai	asar % isrprs.'ztr "dJ, I.........................................» !....»
from hair brushes had been saved ried, at thc request of her husband T' produce as much rubber as thc ,rHndl for years. Below these was a lot	in the dress in which she wns‘aUir-	*	, n
of very much soiled old curl-papers;	ed when	first he saw her and over	A Ahc	CJ]d of Dccemhcr	lftSt	the
and under them, again, were sex oral	her head	and shoulders she wore in	(|Un4Ilt,t‘V	raV7 rubber brought	in-
pairn of old and much worn cor-	lieu of	a bridal-veil the identic,!I	u 1 ,e Vor}	ol Para fro,n	the caout-
5-=-' ~ SB IvC
direct to foreign countries from thc Amazon River port of Manaoe in lhe trie founder of the greatness 1901 was nearly double that of any of “the Cross leys, of Halifax.” the earlier yea:.
work
Real Life Novelettes in Which of Hawkes-1 Factory Maids Married Dukes
and Millionaires..
Mrs. J. M. Timbers bury, Tells How She Obtained Relief After Doctors Had
Failed.
From the Post, HaWkesbury, Ont. James M. Timbers is
Mrs

y
JLj' fJbeJç JtôzeÂs &yjî7\s &et4L*
The Dawson Commission Co.. "“ES»
ad< supplied. Corrcnpon lance invited
widower n year previously,
Surely, ' this wo-
A RAILWAY MAN
I
Shipping tag,, staw
i
»
EXTRAORDINARY UNPLEASANT SYMPTOMS OF
_ kidney trouble
IN THIS CASE.
•••••eeee#e#eee#ee©eeeeee»e«eee«eeeee»eeoe#»s
? R© OUSCk I	1)0,11 lose timc w'lh your palnV- #
A	fc vn<	«"K now. Get ut it at once Make •
ma • mam	m your housc ,ook	u»d clean •
Paint Un I amongst its neighbors. Touch it #
Mlilli wp I Up inside and out with
Tortured by all Kinds of Pains • and Aches he Tries Everything, ^ but Fails to Find Relief Till Friend Advises Him Dodd’s Kidney Pills.—They Have I * Made a Well Man of Him and He • Is Grateful.	i
Ramsay’s Paints |
a C
to Use 5

"'¦yB'
I v
lhe best that goes ia the
WflV«
of paint making Made Just right 2 for good work. Anyone can put? it on. Ready foi no mess
XV
o ;
FROM “PUR” TO PEERAGE is I The above arc but a few
Gar-
w IftiytXvV,
a/txw
7\ x V xWti
y
use, nico cans, e
rea- #
/«
among
a I many similar cases in point. Other#
Ottawa, Ont., June 30.—(Special) 1 quoted—did space permit—!	Chartrand, u railway man ' -
©f even a more striking character.
The fifth Karl of Essex, foi instance,
a Paddington tradesman1#
,	wliose romantic story is blm Oian anything else in the world i f H'V
shrined in	the once-popular ditty, has °vcr donc- Ee says : “1 suffered • W''
backache and was always a
no loss. Sold at sonable prices by dealer*. Write us and ask for
0

...— - ——- v.	m iuimmi/ umiif m ¦TV7.
whose home is 130 Little Chaudière I# 1 * 1 street, has acknowledged that Dodd's | • lyl Kidney Pills have done lifrorc for I S m A r
?
\
BOOKLET *'K” FREE, howing some lovely homes e
e

r>
'à
% •

A. RAMSAY & SON, ^ ,M3 *
Paint Makers #



y* / /A
MONTREAL
?

Last year 18 people were killed in
in London,
There
are 22# fil fieront religious sects in Great Britain and Ireland.
hansom-cab accidents
Messrs. C. C. Richards A So Dear Sirs,—While in last summer I
so
Mlnard's Liniment is lhe best,
the country was badly bitten by
---7	,	,	I mosquitoes—so badly that I though!/
The average year s output of prc- 1 would be disfigured for a couple of clous metals for tho whole world is weoks. 1
95 tons of gold and 520 tons of sil- j Uniment
and did than I
was advised to try to allay
so. The effect was expected—a few apt iications completely cuVing the irritation, preventing thc bites from becoming sore. MINAKD'S LINIMENT is also a good article to kev$ off the
your the irritation,
ver
more
TO <TBR 4 COLO IV GTE DAT.
Take Lauuire liromo Quinine Table Is À1 dnifffiits refund the money if It fails to cars. K. VV. Grove s signsture is on tech box. 15s
A FUNEBAL PYEE
moi*
A Miser’s Money r.nd Diamonds
Were Burned.
Yours truly.
¦i ¦ mm i w. a. oke.
Harbor Grace, Nfld., Jan. 8. 1898
Office Boy:	*
here with a bill
the idiot
There’s a gentleman J lie Old Man: to call again." “With a bill you’ve got
that he wants to pay." :	“Ah! show the gen-
imonrs im\ me Best loir Restorer.
Tell
Office Boy:
The olive will live longer under wa-1 agin him,
The Old Man tleman in.”
Dodd’* Kidney Pills have worked
•nr Silly Tear*.
A* 9L®	- WSLL-TaiSD Rimcdt. - fcfvv
Winslow * hoothlog Syrup hai boon need for over Mit» yeaw by mill lone ef mother.) for Lbelr rhüd,en while teeth ng, with perfoot siiccool It soothe) ti.e ehll*l, softens the game, sllsys all pain, euroe wiud colic and is the best remedy for Diarrhoea fe pesant to tbf taste. Mold by dniggiite in ever» pari of the wor d. Twenty-five cents a bovle. Its valu) is ». ca.ciîahle 'He sure and ask for Vfrs. Winslow s Sooth.ng a/.up,
w I* c 1135
THE MOST POPULAR DSMTlFRiQg
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
aro
The constant vibration on trains "What are you doing here ?” said and engines is very hard on the kid- ! the woman to the tramp, who had nays, and Dodd’s Kidney Pills make 8°t over thc wall just in time to these organs well and able to resist j caI:e the bulldog disease
es-
Madam," he
I said, with dignity, “I did intend to request something to eat ; hut all I ask now is that, in the interests of a humanity, you’ll feed that dog.”
Preserves the teeth. Ewestern# the breath Strengthens the gums
“What a mess!” said young Mrs Close, in disgust
lives must have been!”
The trunk was token down
the courtyard, huge bonfire made 1	B	I IB
and the trunk set in it. As it was famous Yorkshire millionaire family, At latest accounts there was every ; turning the woman stood by with a ,OS€ mi,,s ut ,l<?an Clough find em- possible prospect that the collection •tick, poking thc rubbish. Acci- l)loymc“t for from eight to ten thou-	of rubber this year	would	beat	tho
dentally she poked open one of the 8an(1 hanfIs‘ was n domestic servant,	record of	1901.	Thirty sonnll
curl-papers. It was a fifty-pound namcd Wftrtha Turner, who hud	steamers in	February lost	left Para
note!	never, prior to her marriage, |	«nd Manaos for the	far inland	th-
in agony she pulled and poked at knor*n what it was to earn a full butaries of thc Amazon where a the fire, but it was too late; most six Pounds a year wages.”	| large force of col'ectors have
of the notes were burned. She snv- The story of her courtship, as told bufly preparing the year’s crop from ed only about eight hundred pounds, by herself, is more strikingly dra-| Par*- °* held.
Naturally her husband was angry malic in its very simplicity 11 ; a n and unjust. Every time he saw the anything evolved from the brain of burned heap in tho courtyard he novelist or of poet. “When I went burst forth afresh. So his wife sent to the farmyard gate one evening,” for the ashman and had thc debris she says, “there was a young man removed.	standing tl^rc who asked me if l
Still thc diamonds had not been wanted found. Finally an old charwoman ‘Not who lmd worked in the house was hearts Î
found in tho almshouse. She was • Afterwards i saw ll.e same young asked if she knew anything about mall ila„Ki„g about frequently but the diamonds; if there were any, i Uid not speak to him. One day 1
“”.^^here they were kept.	received u love-letter from him
Oh, yes, she said, there were not answer it, hut 1 could diamonds, very fine ones; but smell help looking somewhat good they ever did old Mrs. Close. ,lt him when next , suw hjll|
for she a!ways kept them sewn up,avérai other suitors, but
*".d..h“llCn "Wayu , h,Cr “ k StnïS Jso Persevering as John CrossJev. He All the stays had been burned in I pressed me very much to hate him.,
the fire. The diamonds might npt \t last lie sent me a letter to sav mo ^ust 11 time ns my baby was
have been destroyed, but the ash-ltlmt a house was vacant in Lower very 111 with indigestion and bowel
man had removed every vertigo of cieorge Yard, close to where he was I lro.u1ble’ and 1 am liaPPy to say the
the ashes Not a trace of them employed, and that it wus a great 11 aljlets relieved him after a
Could be found.	chance to meet wtth one so conte-1 d°Be*'. He is now doing splendidly
nient.”	I with just a juillet now and then
» HISTORICAL ELM TRUNK.	The upshot was they were married	t1 “? ‘he moth-
’?the trunk of the famous elm by .llt four o'clock in the morning, win- nnbV's Uwn T»l,l! .* equnl
a?3K-»3sTTO3Mf5|£3’ftsSSa-
told him that so many pool lc came	MRS. VICTOR NELSON	tady, N Y.
to \isit it that the produce of half ..
in acre of l&nd annually lost in con- , "1 , of be 4Web known diplomat-Sequence. A bargain was soon struck | Ist/. nn'. onc, <>f /ho most charitable ond Mr. Children became the owner ai l,s In London, was employed nf this precious piece of timber. puoj to her marriage as a shop-girl
in a big Oxford street establishment
itîLM a. 1 1 ®	lt c,,anccd one Jay during the crush
"nPo the Guard# can claim the of the opening of the summer sales
«tidier in the army, the fa- that a wee, little maiden of*
mous “Fighting Fifth” (Northumbei- strayed from her mother, and stood
land Fusiliers) now claim the small- crying silently in a lonely corner of
est soldier, in William Routledge, of the vast emporium. The busy
iho bund, who stands 4 feet 2 inches, young saleswoman—Rose Easton
His father dud while serving with her name—hurrying by, saw and
the Northumberland Fusilier» in the pitied the little waif, and, picking
l orb commaoi in 1897.	! her up, carried her to her own
pre-
“Wc’il have it creatures our relu-
Brass Band
The longest measured drift of bottle Was in the Pacific, from 4 degrees south of tho equator to tho Fiji	Islands—a	distance of 6,700
miles—in 455 days.
Whut
A ROMANTIC COURTSHIP
Winard's Liniment for Rteumafisin
into
lni!ruminti, Drums, Uniforms Etc
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE P CAN
I
£s3£ HSS bSSSSS*
ns a disinfectant	1 er Dira*
sEEsSKSS?®
WHILE! BOYCE & CO., Limited,
Tortnto, Ont and Winnipeg, Man
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
been
788 people
were killed by boiler explosions in the United States last year, but only 24 in Britain. ,
CARPET DYEINQ
And C.eaoing. This ia a specialty with the
,ree-	I are amidships, fipeeial attention has be. ? giren to ike
Second S Uoon and Third C!»* accommodation. Fef of passage and nil particulars, apply to any ageal of the Company, or
Richards, Mills â Co,
H State Sc Boston.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING 00.
Send particular# by port and wc are sure to satisfy.
Address Box ISA. Montreal.
BABY’S OWN TABLETS
Cure All Minor Ills, and Bring • Joy and Comfort to Baby
and MotKer.
Alcohol boils at 173 degrees Fah-
icnheit—89 degrees lower than the little ones I temperature at which water boils.
a sweetheart. I answered, I, merry !
i want no swcct-And 1 went indoors
Disease
through ill** digestive organs. Baby Own Tablet3 are tho best tilings in the world for all bowel and stomach j j troubles of children. They act f I Quickly and gently, and always euro indigestion, colic, constipation and diarrhoea. They are also a great help to teething children. Mrs. Ga-brielle Barnes, Six Mile l ake, Ont.,
Baby's Own Tablets reached
s

Minard’s Undent Cures LaErippe,
D. Torrance à Co.. Montreal and ForUmd.
Steamship companies have overage to give passengers two more
across
not
more kindly I had
“Do you know a good tonic for nervous persons, Simpkins?” “No; what I want to find is a. good tonic for people who have to live with them.”
on an
ROHUMBUG
e NttrixT is.
flTRtl ISTg 1.1
B u m»ue Swi T, Bturk M vkei an.I Cell N'.ornar. Stop»swine el ell «««from »‘* *•">«• Make» ^different ear marks all «see, with same blade. Kilrarl. Heree.
essssssss
>Ulm. FAllie CBIUKTOS, Fallen, low», p. #.
meals on the eastward voyage the Atlantic than on the westward This is, of course, owing to thc difference in time.
none were
V
says
u
TRY AGAIN.
There are many merchants who grow discouraged because business failed to come as a result of an advertising venture. There arc many reasons why some advertisements do not pull. There are often errors of Judgment which cause the advertise-to faiiBHHliiHH chances for it to prove unprofitable, and thc merchant is fortunate when he discovers the one essential feature which will insure success. If the advertisement has not pulled it is advisable to keep at it until it does. Don’t expect it to revise itself gather force without the intelligent alteration which might be given it by a persistent and brainy business man. Try it to tho limit going until it wins and then the reason for advertising will be clear and the wisdom of the more apparent. It is easy to get results if tho fight and wisely planned
Page Acme Poultry Netting
staple*. Tho name of Page ia your guarantee of quality! I , The Paf* Wire Fence Ce., Limited. Wtlkervillc. Out. t| I
few


3

t
i:’


?
V’V"*,
j THE CANADA PERMANENT J and WESTERN CANADA
y mortgage corporation
There are manv


con-
n
» #
I
be
Toronto Street. Toronto
:
and
1
I
investments
$23,000,000

Ont., or Sc lienee
*
Keep it
X
more
work
Prea dent, GEORGE OOODEftHAM *,*
1#DI rr	fit 31KR T % SON * 4
2nd Vice PreeideLt, W. H. BKATTY 7
Nino mon Mexico, verdict. If there is no appeal
constitute a jury in and a majority gives the the jury is unanimous
LIBBY Luncheons
is hard enough

tallest
Potted Mam, Beet and Tongue, Ox Tong ie ( wto/e). Yea I loaf,
aa, *%*•* —-
All Naturel Flever foods. Palatable wkelrooee. Your grocer ft-.Id hs?o th
three
BONDS
T ir* ^hlch Executors acd Trustees ore * " nut her red to turret Trust Funds ••
i	*¦ de^it +
¦0TK
CLOU
MEIN
was
*rs
AT
Ubty, McNeill â Libby, Chicago
""	as**
V ISSUED AT 4 PER CENT. Î
^444444-M-I-	-H •? •>
mOTTOM
will
WMalTiwsi

JOU
i

/
x
###PAGE###8###

r
Large stock of Shoes.
E. HODGINS & SON’S ADVT.
HOLD UP
The old saying about forcing square pegs into round holes is illustrated iu almost every shoe store every day. Feet differ, and no one make of shoes, however good it may be, will fit every foot.
Haying Tools.
Scythes,
Smiths,
a minute and rend this, if your vlotlies are beginning to approach a condition of innocuous desuetude, which will make it necessary to discard them. Wo want your patronage—not for one time only, hut permanently. If we can get the former we are certain to secure the latter. Why? Our stock is so large we will have the kind you want. By selling so many Suits it enables us to sell so cheap. Our fit and workmanship are all right.
Our stock is large and we pride ourselves on our ability to fit all the types of feet that walk into a store.
Many customers come doubting, but go away satis-
This is a
fied and later return with their friends.
)
satisfying Store.
A. B. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
M. STEWART.
}
Forks.
Main Street, Shawville.
The Barondale Veterinary IVjedicines.
Pig Bargains
JLaJr
Irresistible Prices
Fascinating Goods NO ANTIQUES (FbACK NUMBERS

Machine Oil,
Castor Oil,
Harvest Mitts,
At Lowest Prices.
w
and

After Using
Before Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
Animals this season of the year require something to purify the blood, the old coat of hair, restore the appetite and put him in a healthy condition for the Spring work. Our condition medicines is highly endorsed, by all who use it. We have many testimonials testifying to its good results. Once tried, always used.
Testimonial.—About as had a case of heaves a* ever developed in a hors*, developed in one brought to my stable recently. I was in a great way to cure him if possible,
but so had was it I had very little hope of doing anything for it. The Bahondalk i a # _	e*&**;*1m .
Heave Cvre was recommended to me and I procured a bottle. I gave him only JX IGW tiOw W OttwHBP dpCOlcllS . two doses, one in the evening and one in the morning, and after that I defied any	m
52 only Men's Neglige Shirk, reg. 90c. for 65c.
SÆuve wind!8 him	Men’s Balbriggin Underwear, 50 cents per suit.
For sale at-	28 only beautiful Parasols, steel shank, natural
Titast "* tijzsz'szr-	«••«.-« *u«.
J. E. Cahill's, Calumet Island ; Drug Store, Shawtille ; W. H. Lucas', Caldwell. |	200 yards Summer Silk ; reg. 40 ailtl 5ÛC., HOW 25c.
All sizes in D. & A. Summer Corsets, 25c. per pair All Staple Pry Goods will be found 10 per cent lower than the lowest.
, remove
SHAWVILLE’S smallest STORE.
A Good supply of
Yarns, Blankets & Kerseys
Now In Stock.


Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac, Circuit Court for tin* County of Pontiac, sittingjit Ville Marie.
No. 47.—The hank of Ottawa, an incorporated body having its head office in the City of Ottawa, plaintiff, versus Onesime f.aroquc, labourer, of the Town ship of Duhamel, County of Pontiac of parts unknown, defendant.
Tho United States Sénat3 has agreed to appropriate $500,COO towards the deficit of the Pan-American Exhibition and $45,000 towards the expenses connected with the attendance on the late President McKinley.
E. HODGINS & SON.

T. W. WILSON & CO.
now
Public Notice
The defendant is < rdorod to
appear
within one month from the date of lust publication of this notice.
Ville Marie, June 1:\
A. E. GUAY, C. C. C.

P. S.—Try us in Teas and Sugars.
THE FAVORITE
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac, Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac, sitting at Villa Marie.
No 39.—The bank of Ottawa, an incorporated body having its head office in the City of Ottawa, plaintiff, versus Jean Baptiste Beaubien, farmer, formerly of the Township of Duhamel, now of parts unknown, defendant.
I hat the settlement his now penetrated some forty miles north of the lake. Toe settlement is proceeding with remarkable • rapidity, 40,000 acres having been taker, up in May. The department has decided to build forty miles of colonization roads this year and will pay $1.25 a dsy and board, an increase of 15 cents over former rates. This, Mr. Southward says, is necessary to obtain labor. Among the settle's is Professor Sharp, of Queen’s who has resigned his chair to pioneer in Clarendon No. 3.—Grade If., Sr.— j the north. The bulk of the settlers Pansy Pryse 1, Herbert Pryse 2, Lila | from old Ontario.
- Maitland 3, Eunice Cox and Walter Harris (equal) 4. Grade II., Jr.—Ed-1 - Death Came in the Storm.
Ttaa? Detroit, Mi=h.r7,., 3—A t.mi,	^® °f T®^ ®P°'
II. Primer, Sr.—Norman Stark, Emer- storm swept through the nuthweitein	UOOIC OL0V6S &S Well 8*8 3» DI16 TBIlgG Of
son Dean (equal) 1, Willie Crick 2,1 portion of Michigan late yesterday after	^	-, m .	-	__
he OZK* n°hpnimerB J°rW-mel oTmï injuring .n^andtfùltiïg i„8 B0X StOV6S BE (I Triple HOBtOTB. Bean 1, Jessie Fraser 2 Percy Lynch great damage to property.	______________ ________
3, E. Olmstead 4. I. Primer, Sr.— Near North Adams the residence of BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
Harvey Wilson 1, Elsie Maitland 2, Mrs. Van Patient was demolished, the Bessie Harris 3, Guy Cox 4. I. Pri- barn of M. VV. Rood was blown from its mer Jr.—Lena Storie 1. Clara Lynch I foundation, and another home was un*
2, Emma Dagg 3, Gordon Elliott 4. roofed. Mrs Van Patten and Mr. and ¦ p il Ie	r ai	r* ¦ ¦ •
Juvenile Class.—Jane Morrison 1, Mrs. Gamble, her son-in-law and daugh A TUll 11116 Of UlOVB I UmiShIHEfSi Kenneth Stark 2, Ida Morrison 3, ter, had taken refuge in the cellar and all 1	1	1	° 1
Florence Bean 4 Primary Claes.— were seriously injured, Mrs. Van Patten	A 02lf pu/Of*p TlIt 14/5)V*f> Fin
Franklin Leifcch 1, Elsie Graham 2, | probably fatally.	I IllWcire, ClU.
Percy Elliott 3.	At Leonides it ie reported that a farmer ~	— —— . T-a-nnr a -w-r «-r-r- a ^ , „ . .	_
Berth. M, Grant, Tewhet.	G. B. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLB.
John Bowman, an aged man, was severely Perth C. P. R. Machine Shops [injured > y fallen rafters in the collapsing
Destroyed.	| home of Henry Powers.
Reports from Battle Creek, Marshall,
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac, I Perth, July, 5. —A very disastrous fire Mendon, Wezapi, Kalamazoo, Dowagiac, sitting ! t* Viiift.)rMhe (,<)Unty °f J ontiac’ occurred here about 4.30 this morning in and other towns state that wires are down j. A.—The ^ bank of Ottawa the machine shop and blacksmith shop and crops and property have sustained incorporated body having its head office at of the C.P.R. shops here. Both build- great damage, the City of Ottawa, plaintiff,	versus	ing	were	completely destroyed. The
Modeste Roy, farmer, of the	Township of	main	office	was destroyed but the books
of, Pontiac, now of parts . ^ papers were rescued.
_	.	-	.	T).	.	. p . The defendant to ordered to appear The.tire buf"®d f""oualy. having got
Province of Quebec, District of	1 outiac,	within one month from the	date	of last	a Rood etart	being dneovered.—
Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac,	publication of this notice,	The	local	brigade fought nobly, but
sitting at Ville Marie.	Ville Marie, June 12th, 1902.	with somewhat limited appliances were
No. 43 —The hank of Ottawa, an	A. E. GUAY,C. C. C. I nnahle to che:k the ravagea of the	. ...	..	„ .	.	,
.atzESSBES-EBHrF “	‘ '
publication of this notice.	parts unknown, defendant.	removed t> Montreal and the destruction
Ville Marie, June 12th, 1902.	The defendaht is ordered to appear of the building may facilitate the hurry-
A. E. GUAY, C. C. C.	°,"® ”???£* *2“.the date of lust ing out of the intention.	Married-Mis, Sylvia Rhade, lo Jamea
- isfleMMtw I jrej’rsja ass sisteiasiaîRShS
burned.	know any more than a rabbitt about
cooking, and never helped her poor mother three days in her life. She is not a b;auty, by any means, and has a gait like a fat duck. The groom is well known here as an up-to-date loafer, has been living off the old folks all bis life,
Toronto, Ont., July 3.—Mr. Thomas and don’t amount to anything nohow.
......	.	, .	Southworth, director of immigration, They will have a hard life while they live
s-££S.'bs.F - 're;	- sIkVl e
Ville Marie, June 12th, 1902.	bell, deputy commissioner of works, up we don’t believe any good can come from
A. E. GUAY, C.C.C. there planning road improvement#, says such a union. —Trentham (Mo.) News.
School Reports for June
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac hitting nt Ville Marie.
No. IV.—The bank of Ottawa incorporated body having its head office in the City of Ottawa, l ntiff Auguste Foucault, farmer, formerly of the Township of Guigues. now of parts unknown, defendant.
The defendant is ordered to
*
Calumet Island School No. 1.— Grade IV.—IIannali Letts 1, Kennfeth Mur ray 2. Grade 111—James Ostruni 1, Earl Letts 2, Andrew Murray 2, Robfc. Creighton 4, Mabel Letts 5. Grade II. —Freddy Ostruml, Earnest Creigh-2. Grade I.—Albert Jeffery 1.
S. Caldwell, Teacher
an
versus
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month from the date of last publication of this notice.
Ville Marie, June 12th 1902.
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
appear
within one month from the date of last publication of this notice.
Ville Marie, June 12th,1902.
I
AT
¦WAINMAN’S.
A. E. GUAY, C. C. C
A. E. GUAY, Clerk Circuit Court
ore
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac,
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac, I sitting at^VUl^Marie.°uf 1 OIltliU» Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac No. 50.—The bank of Ottawa an in sitting at Ville Marie.	corporated body having its head office in
No. 41.-The bank of Ottawa, an Uty of Ottawa plaintiff, versus
incorporated body having its head office Dnhameb ^SSity ef°Lîrttoe now"or pkrfc at the City of Ottawa, plaintiff, versus unknowB defendant.
Edmond D. Desjardins, labourer, of the The defendant is ordered to appear Township of Duhamel, County of Pontiac, | within one month from the date of last ilofandaiit	‘	publication of this notice.
The defendant is ordered to appear ' Ville Marie, June 12th, 1902.
within one month from the date of last publication of this notice.
Ville Marie, June 12th, 1902.
A. E. GUAY,
C. C. C.

;
A. K GUAY, C. C. C
of which we have a variety in stock.
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac, Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac, sitting at Ville Marie.
No. 51.—The bank of Ottawa, incorporated body having its head office tx	, /x v tv * ¦ *	t. in the City of Ottawa, plaintiff, versus
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac, Arthur Chouinard, farraerof the Township Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac, of Duhamel, County of Pontiac, now of sitting at Ville Marie	parts unknown, defendant.
No. 42.-The Bank of Ottawa, an The defendant is ordered to appear
incorporated bi>dy having ite Wd *. %S5iK 55£ S.“*	""
at the City of Ottawa, plaintiff, versus ville Marie, June 12th, 1902.
Felix Godin, labourer, of the Township of Duhamel, County of Pontiac, defendant.
The defendant is ordered to appear within one month fron the date of last publication of this notice.
Ville Marie, June 12th, 1902.
A. E. GUAY,
an
P. S— Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
A. E. GUAY, C. C. C
No
49
For Ireland
YEARS Last May Jas. Boss marketed the first
i\C0 Gold Filled Watch Case that the world
had ever seen, and for 49 years the world has failed to produce a case to even equal the Jas. Boss Case,
c. c. c
London, July 2.—With the object of aeeisting fishermen and others on the west coast of Ireland the Chief Secretary Tor Ireland, Mr. George Wyndham inUtoduced into the House of Commons


À - ¦
4
0
0
Come in and let us tell you all about them and show you the signs by which you may know them. We are sole agents for Shawville.
Unique Marriage Notices
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac,
Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac,
Kilting at Aille Marie.	I Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac,
No. 43.—The bank of Ottawa, an I Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac, incorporated body having its head office at I fitting at Ville Marie
of Duhamel, County of I onfcusc, defen-1 Oliver Laval lee, labourer, of the Township dant.	I Duhamel, County of Pontiac, now of parts
unknown, defendant.
A. E. GUAY, C. C. C
o
:: WHYTE ::
Temiecaming District
SETTLEMENT IS PROCEEDING WITH REMARKABLE RAPIDITY.
THE WATCHMAKER
Opposite Pontiac House, - - - Shawville.

The defendant is ordered to appear within one month from the date of last publication of this notice.
Ville Mari», June 12th, 1902
A. E. GUAY. C. C. C.


V




—¦	•» ¦ i



