###PAGE###1###


SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q., THURSDAY, MAY 13,
Vol XIV, No. 46
1897.
SŒSÜ:
Thirty.6ve cent* for calf akin*, it J no
G. McGoirb’m.
BANK OF OTTAWA
Court Shawville,
Wojrre.
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court due# must be paid y promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
A. W. Morrison, R.B. H 8. Barnett, F 8
J. A. Smith, O R.
Mr. Ralph Hudgins commenced operations at hie brick yard this week.
Split and Sawn Pine and Cedar Shingles and all kinds of dry Lumber at W. H. Lucas', Caldwell, Que.
Quite a large congregation assembled Repairs, Needles and Oil constantly on i in Knox's school on Sunday afternoon hand for all kinds of Sewing Machines at and listened to the eloquence of W. H. Lucas', Caldwell.	gelist Soobie.
Belli fires. Adrertiseaent


The Pastime Base ball Club has been re-organized in Am prior.
Car load nails just received. Get our prices before buying. G. F. Hoixunh.
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,600,000.00
r_„,. . . : T7. .. $1,066,000.00
Rest
Board of Directon :
Charles Magee, Esq., President. George Hay, esq..Vice-President.
Jom* Math**, E*y. David MacLahen, Hwj.
L.B.C
Opening
evan
Hon. Quo. Uryron, Jr. Alb*. Fraser, Esq.,
Secretary treasurer# of the municipal Mr. James Macdiarmid, one of the ities can procure Road Labor Return oldest residents of Am prior, died at his Forms at this office at reasonable prices. | home on Monday of last week
Macdiarmid was 76 years of age, and a native of Perthshire, Scotland. He had
Sale
Damns Murphy, E#q.
Jiccal atsdi tffctttraL
Mr
GEO ROB BURN D. M. FINN1K
General Manager (Local) Manager
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
For Sale.—A secondhand u8unol” road cart, almost as good âs new. Will ,	.. . . .	,
be .old at a bargain. L. D. Davis, 81,aw been 1 re,,dent of Arnpnor for 43 year..
*91*.	Mr. W. J. Connolly, of Kippewa, ie
Young man, purchase yonr.ummer.uit «bout to embark in the butcher burine*
at the Kntiac Woollen MilU. Largest ^ that place. Dur,ng the past few day,
of stock good, to .elect from in the coun	>°Sht UP. » "um,«r of heed °
cattle in this section for the uurpose of
OF
Enfilage Corn at lowestprices
Mr. John McGuire of Calumet Island passed away on the 27th alt.
Mr. P. G. Nash, of Rowland, B.C , passed up the line on Monday evening.
The crop reports from the province of Ontario for the season thus far arc favorable.
An almost endlew variety of the latest styles in tweeds at the Pontiac Woollen Mills.	A. Hodgins.
Mias May Graham, of Bi I le : ica, left Friday morning last for Buckingham, whither she has gone to perform the duties of teacher.
Ex President Grover Cleveland has made arrangements for a fishing excursion up at Thirty One Mile lake, Gatineau, early next month.
Draft* issued on all Banking points In the Demin ion, United Htaiee and Great Britain.
Notea and Bills collected.
IN 8
•If
LADIES’ WHITE
WEAR GOODS
1 ntereet allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
rates
Sums of.fl and upwards received U Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. in. to 8 p. m. Saturday 10a.m.
to 1 p. m.
*y
putting them on a large area of pasture Mr. John E. Walker, of Sheenboro, lands that he holds. The Equity wishes and Miss Hannah Leahy, of Allumette | W. J. success in his venture.
Island, were united in matrimony at St.
Alphonse church, Chapeau, on April
27th.
AT
Remember that Dr. Allen’s Pearly Pebbles have no bought nor cooked re-__	-	commendations ; their benefits are living
Mr. P. J. Mullen, of Vinton, has been witnesses. Then we ask you this :	Have
confined for some time in the Pembroke you a pain in your back from strained Hospital with a severe attack of pneu- kidneys ? If you have, then we say six moots. We are glad to hear he is now boxes will cure it, and we mean just ex
act I y what we say. Try them. Two
For the Kidney., Bladder and Kindred hoxeÙ Poet P**d> foJ •»; Addre“' Alli' Dise.se., no medicine ae yet baa seen the wn Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont
light of day that excels Dr. Allen's Pearly Mrs. Dingle, of Lindsay (nee Miss Pebbles. 2 boxes $1 post paid. Aa- Lizzie McLaren, of Napanee) is one of the dress, Allison Med. Co., Brockville, | lucky Canadians who struck it rich by
investing in mining stock. Some three months ago Mrs Dingle invested $700 for stock in a British Columbia mine, and she is now drawing upwards of $100 per month from the profits of the mine and
offered $7000
JAB. HOPE* Co.
MANUFACTURING STATIONERS, BOOK8EL IJA lers, Bookbinders PrlnLere, etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary BlhleSoclety,Ottawa,Ont.
REID BROS.
5
THE ARCADE STORE
8. J. MCNALLY, Ml G.M
on the mend
We have just placed an assortment of these goods direct from the manufacturers into our Millinery Department, where Miss Greer will have charge of same. We invite you to see them as prices are right.
Physlclap, Surgeon and
Accoucheur.
Ofloe - Campbell's Bay.
Ont
Repairs constantly on hand for Perci-val, McGee & Pearson, Gould, Frost & M. D., C. M. Trinity : L. R. C. P. 4 8., Edinburgh | Wood, Young Bros, and Clark Bros'.
Plows at W. Lucas', Caldwell, Que.
Mr. Joseph Dolan, one of the popular hotel men of Portage du Fort, is likely to move into the Rattray House when the term of Mr. Behan’s lease expires.
a. S. DOWD, 1C.D..C.U.
The Caribou Fishing Glib at Pembroke are bewailing the fate of their clubhouse at Point Alexander, some miscreants having broke into the building, smashing all breakable articles, and stealing many valuable things.
The funeral of the late Hugh O'Reilly ,.	. ,	. k th T
W o? »Eom;n8EJ F™veHo^,«^o».b“ eï EV The Sh.wville Marble and Gran cLhoh^cèmltery Ï Frid.y^^He Comply are paying sewing girU. Eight
t7rna°oat a^uj^rioroUaa of^workuTMon- Sb£T^'f	Sid Parted 'a i»K » hey could not live on auchauVvation | ,t 6c, 10c. 16c, 20c and 25o, alao all col-
T“eN‘- ÏZDt*' ®e*d,tone., etc. Price, reason- bakery. He wa. greatly mpected.	of Z'ïmmunity! :LtnK
By the tremendous storm of wind the big departmental store for their
j Lake Deschene several days ago, the merits in order to save money,
boom holding the logs of Klock Bros, was think of the unfortunate lot of those
broken, and 4,600 logs that were to have who produce them.
been sawed at Aylmer went down the	. VlÀ. a . ,	,	...
river. The wave, were from four to five	A htt'e .8«*«h W °f “ve" or
yeais, who had travelled alone from Scot-
D,. b™,	h., SlïSiyKSÏ'atf-iw1 THE DECADE STORE,
home near Cobden on Sunday, the 2nd	He had a ticket fastened around his neck
insfc., Mrs. Donegan, formerly Miss	giving his destination, and the conduct -
Aiinie, eldest daughter of John McVeigh,	ore on the trains kindly took care of the
ARTHUR	MCCONNELL.	Mr W. 8. Horne, who is home on fur-	of Litchfield. The funeral, largely at-	little lad and when there were changes
ATTORNEY	AT	LAW,	Main	Bt.	Hull, lough from China, after eight years eer-	tended, took place at Portage du Fort on	handed him on to the conductor of the
ui b tfdt al r ici V All oor rê «ponde ne t prom p t* vice in connection with the China Inland Tueaday, 4th mat.	unti* h? ,,rrived	P. 8.-2,000 yard. Striped Flannel-
¦S,b'*‘‘liheWVlllellr,tThnr,de,0reeeb iOng'thè children “from" the' Marcbmout	wmewbera'Mw	of M‘Ilk Lake, Wilberforce, to whom hè “enU ^r ‘yard*!* ,,de* foreti*et FIVE
%=---------------------------------- Home.	Credle’. and Mr. William Armstrong'., on h»d been ient.-Enterprise.	^
Mr. Wm. Dnrrell, an old reaident of M*'“	Shawville, a amall-.laed hunt-
Litchfield, who ha. been in declining oa« .liver watch, with ahort gold chain and
F.TÎo %t:mber^t";,tith I 2
last aveil tlM veara ^	^ K Armstrong’» (Creek.)	presentative from Court Bryson, assemb- A case of interest to members of fra
_	. j '	. _	..	_	. . In the Renfrew Council Minute, we led in their court room at 6.30 on Sunday ternal insurance societie. wae decided at
English and French Worsteds, Scotch	notioe lhet , letter WM rea(j from jfr.	evening last and thence marched around	Hamilton	last	week, when	Concord	lodge
and Canadian Tweeds, all the latest pat-	Qree,shields re. the ferry at Heath’s	the principal square of the village to the	A.	O.	U.	W.	was	ordered	to	pay	over	to
terns and shades at the Pontiac Woollen n in which h« rUIpH that he had ob Methodist church, where, in accordance the widow of Thomas Long an insurance
r WlL OUE Mil,e- It will pay you to inspect these	^security fo^ the	----------- --------------- ^	"	* .ones
___VW*. good, before purchasing elaewbere.	bonus asked, if the people
At Pontiac House, Shaw ville, on Court days	Andrew Hodginb. c ^ *l---------u---
-«th February, 6th April, let June, 1st October and 6th December.
Will attend all law courts In Districts!©! Ottawa and Pontiac If required.
About 100 Remnants Drees Goods all colors now on sale with j the price cut off.
Licswruis or Faculty or Pbyuciahs aot>
Bvnosone, Glasgow.
Office à Residence In late Dr. Astley'e House, Quyon Office hours ; 8 to 13 a. m. and 7 to 8 p. iu.)
for her stock,
has been which offer she refused
Now in stock for the 24th of May dec orations
Twelve and a half cents apiece for
Eaton
FLAGS
ora in bunting, plain and striped
gar
The railway committee of the House of Commons fast Thursday confirmed the of the Aylmer Branch of the C. P PHYSICIAN -> AND •> SURGEON, I R. to the Hull and Aylmer Electric Co
I for 36 years at $6,000 a year.
on
ever
G. G. STEWART,
i
REID BROS
•J
I. R. C. Y. AND 8., EDINBURGH
Steamer Janet Craig will leave every | feet high Bmi ley's house, I week day Bristol wharf to Am prior
Sand Point at 8.30 a. m. and 6.10 p
Residence and office In A
via
p. m.
Connections with C. P. R , East and West in the morning and afternoon.
#1#
Office hours—8s.m., to 12 a m., and 7 p.m. Telephone No. 2.
ARNPRIOR, ONT.

Telephone No. 81


HENRY AYLEN,
ADVOCATE Hull. - - - Que.
Preached to the Foresters.
Good range of Hemp end Tepeetry Carpets and Oil Clothe in stock.
O. F. Hodoinh.
Mr. AyLeDwllH-egularly attend the sessions
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
for the return of $3001 with pre arrangement, the Rev. T. A. | of 2,000, which was refused by the society were not satis
srs-isra I£ rvHHSrHE I	---	” i	a
72 MAIN ST.
Nelson of Bristol, preached a special on the ground of Long’s suspension from sermon for their benefit. The rev. | the lodge for non «payment of
ment
; Bear ye one another’s burdens, widow sent in the money due but it was
Hri^.Yùt^ï.rok’to" M^UUi;: I W« ïno"wn"iriU"nf^rb-.TD^r me* and aofu.fi. the law of Christ.” He be- then ref-rod.
i.	gan by remarking that there waa an ap- Yovho Gikl, hare you a pain in your
parant contradict,on between the word. bsck_ and do you feel a, if your dre„ and
cloak was a burden for you to wear, and most any kind of a noise would almost scare the life out of you? Please to speak .	, ,	-	,, ,	to your mother about it, and if she is an
pale, subject would show that both passages intelligent mother and has your health at Father, were in perfect agreement. In the last	,he will send and get you four
— " uoted verse the burden referred to was	"
tiaiey s otation last wee* to MISS Louie, w as snown to ivemrew uueiutjnr
daughter of Mr. Gilbert Edmunds, of | No action, however, was taken
Ross. The ceremony waa performed by
tktotary PUBLIC. Clerk of the Magistrate» I the Rev. Mr. Wilkinson, of Haley's stall Court at Hhawville . Agent for the Credit Fon- (ion.
1er Franco Canadian. Money to lend on easy terms.
8. A. McltAY, B C L.
Readers, let us tell you this on the of the text, and those found in the 6th honor of men and principle, that four verso—“Every man must bear hie own boxes of that honeat medicine, Dr. Allen’s burden." But the contradiction was An old man named Fitzgerald, of Bin-	“Pearly Pebbles” are iust worth $400.00	only apparent. A careful study of the
TJAILIFF	OF	the	SUPERIOR	COURT	tonbu.rK WAe burned to death on Wednes-	to any weak man, weak woman, or pale,	subject would
lJ ghawvllle.	Que.,	respectfully	solicits	day night of last week. He at the time	delicate, dying bloodless girl. * »»«.%*.,	nmo *»< jwhwvi »6.vv.uvu..	*** i**v	stake	she	will send and get	you lou
__	flames before anyone reached the .spot,	make you plump, rosy, and best of all,	was individually responsible. But there	m fe	Mother * save your	daughter
After the Are had exhausted itself, the	healthy. Two boxes, post paid, for $1.	were other burdens which we could assist	from going	into decline, wont you?
•	old man's charred remaias were found in	Address, Allison Med. Co., Brockville, O.	in bearing for each other ; for example,	Address	Allison Medicine Coy
Oood Mbs. Fkafpier’h Body Foran.—The I	mumly, that he make due provision in	tfao jndependentP Order of Foreeteri,	of	paasengen	and	freight	these day#.
from her home about the beginning of last superfluous afHuvia which may, , . the wants of the widow and orphan, in commodation afforded by her ; while the | winter, and who warn supposed to have uature of the circumstances, be likely to	addition to the innumerable genial owners and managers, Messrs. A.
been drowned, was found in the river	Pervade the surrounding atmospbe	tick calls, and many kindly acte perform-	Cassidy and	Jas.	Higgins,	have already
near the Mountain Slide on Sunday even-	On Thursday morning of last week	ed by it# member». Why we should	won the confidence	and admiration of the
fTIHIS hotel has been recently	opened for	ing last, showing that the first conclusions	Wm. Hale, foreman for the Muskoka	bear each others burdens was clearly indi-	public.
A	the	publie	accommodation,	and baa	regarding her fate were correct.	Slide & Boom Go., whilst engaged at the	eated in the latter pert of the text—“so
aSaams SS5S555	—
-------------have written to us about our Dr Alien'» «truck on the heed with a pike pole. In addition to the members of the q^u
"TL	ssssggge	ææææs	&-
TwaSSaagm SttsrJSftrrss'st	ElirSH	stztJrz.	&
e. CALDWELL, . • - PROPRIETOR. Medicine Cu.e Brockville, Ont.	I °* sma11 childron.

WILLIAM ELLIOTT
en
•I til!
Wt
madeand prompt returns assured
BAIUFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, OFFICE COURT 8T., SHAW VILLE
Of the new ferry boat which has been
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All oourts attended.
to none on the road. The Barlsalwajssuppllt the best brands of Liquors, Wines, and Cigars Livery l n Connection.
GRAND CENTRAL HOUSE
0, Tupsin - - Prep.
17 to 18
# # * e
e e e
38
23 to 26
30
8
.....17 to 18
. 12 to 13 13.00 to 16.00 . 8.00 to 9.00
.....26 to 36
.. 4.00 to 6.00 ____ 40 to 60
e e e e e
Batter......
Pork per bbl Hay per ton Calfskins....
• sees# see
e e e e
Thanks to the thooghtfuln of the brethren and the
some of the ladies of the vi	______
choice collection of pot plants and flowers I grill adorned the platform around the pulpit, j pelu
of a few ty of very
generoei liage, a
# e # #

i

###PAGE###2###
From Antioch and loon him bktereet pemxnujt
ment, however, u Jews might have done, bus they turned on h*» wildly M a mob Drew him oat of the oily. Drew»
*
r rti —r. «—
flood	.	.. .Wam **
Could fright us from tt»' ^hore
_	^ Whe$e
dared. \V%»
«•What
glimpse of a river, and «aid ia that f" " The Jordan/' wee quick reply. And all along the I me which had bean lengthened by other pilgrim*, some from Amerloi, some from Europe ami mom# from Asia. t.he ory waa wounded " The Jordan 1 The Jordan I" Hundred* of thousand# of pilgrims Juive chanted on ita bank* and bathed in ita waters Many of them dip a wet gown in t.he wave and wring ib out and carry it home for their own shroud. It i« an impetuous stream ami rushes on a* though it were hastening to tell its story to the ages. Many an explorer has it whelmed, and many a boat has it wrecked ¦¦¦
pper-bottomed craft* split upon ita shelving». Only one I mat, that of Lieut. Lynch, ever lived to etail the whole length of it. At the season when the snows of Lebanon melt, the rage of this stream is like the Conemaugh w h«*u Johnstown per iahed. and the wild beast a that may be near run for the hills, explaining what Jeremiah says: "Behold ne shall go up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan.'* No river so often change» its mind, for it turns, and twists, traveling 200 miles to do that which in a straight line miirht he done in sixty miles. Among bunks now low, now high, now of rocks, now of mud, and now of sand, leaving the feet of the terebinths, and oleanders, and acacias, and reeds. and piatochios, and silver poplars. Tiw river marries the Dead Sea to Lake Galilee ; and did ever so rough a groom take the band of so fair a bridef"
Thie La Lhe river which It*, an. army of two m1111«fnllllllllllllllllllllllll lL>re the skilled major generaII of Dm Syrian host at the seventh plunge, dropped his leprosy, not only by inirauuJou* cure, but suggesting to all the ages that water and plenty of it hue mheh to do with the sanitary inn prov veine nit of the would where wane theological students of Elisha's time were cutting trees with which to build a theohgual seminary, and aji axe-head not sufficiently wedged to the handle flew off into the river and sank, and the yii.in£ man deplored ndL so much the lute* of axe-head, as the fact that it was not his own and oried, "AliaI it was liurrowed," amt the prophet threw a stink into the river, and in defiance of the law of gravitation, the iron axe-head came to the surfa<e and floated like a cork upon the water and kept floating until the young man caught it. A miracle performed to give one an opportunity to return that which waa lor rowed, and a rebuke in all ages for those who borrow and never return, their bad habits in this respect so established Uint it would be a miracle if they did return it. Yea ; from the bank of this riveir Elijah took team of fire, showing that the mast raging element is servant/ of the good, and that there is no need that a child of God fear anything; for, if the mont destructive of all element» was (that day fashioned into a vehicle for a departing saint, nothing can ever hurt you who love and trust the Lord. 1 am w glad that that chariot of Elijah was not made out of wood or crystal, or anything ordinarily pleasant, but out of fire, and yet he went up without having so much as to fan himself. When, stopping from amid the foi lags of these oleander* and tamarisks on the banks of the Jordan, he puts his foot on the red step of the eqtuppage, and took the rad reins of nor in his hands, and spurred the lloping steeds towards the wide open of heaven It was a scene forever
lake. It emptier Into no mea, among other things for the ttinipU reaatei that water cannot run up hill up the River Jordan and makes no rosi**** of thanks and never reports what it dnos with the twenty million feet of cubic water annually received from that snored river. It takes the tree branches and log» floated into it by the Jordan, and pitches them on the banks of bitumen to decay there.
The lad springs near i*a l»nk» by t he name of ('nllirtaw, where King Herod came to lad*' off lus ithmess. no sooner |m>ut into the sea than they are poisoned. Not a fish nealc swims R. not an
insect walks It. It holes life, and if yuu ntteeni* to wasm uu it, it lifts you up by an unnatural buoyancy to t’lie surface, as much as to say, "We want no life here, but death is cur preference, death.” Those who attempt to wade into this lake and submerge them-selvtvi. come out almost maddened, as with tlio sting of a hundred wasp»and
and with lipa and eyelid»
on
TH8 SMOKINQ HILLS.
fa
the
«Il
It swallows
MV. Dit TALMAGB DESCRIBES THE DEAD SKA AND THE JORDAN.
'ww turn out oi tbs oily. Drag» his Aurma, ms they believed, h# fcÂd been dead. " One# stoned.” U\w. II. *>. With, the Jews thw uegal method of stoning was •o preaorided that escape from death was not posai bA
M The disoipi#». The "disciples” mentioned in connection wi.U every city wvre m the main new nut eite—peopie
ged out i
SMS
The Per
Spread
Over Liquid Ofweleliea -The Sulphur
Like » Wise »f
Dr. TVGtoage preatffoed on Sunday from ttw text, Psalm oi-v., 82:	"He
touoheth the hills and they tmufce." He
•aid
Lieut
David, the poet, here pictures a val-no and what Churoh'a Cotopaxi does on painter's canvas, this author does In words. You see a hill, calm, and still, and for ages Immovable, but the Lord out of the heavens puts His finger on the top and from it rise thick vapors, mtershot with tire. He to nob et b the hiAls and they tfliwtke.
God is the only being who van manage a volcano, and again and again has He employed volcanic action. The pictures on the- wa.is of Pompeii, the exhumed Italian city, as wo saw them, demonstrate that the city was not fit to live. In the first century, that city, engirdled with palaces, emparadised with gardens, pillared into architectural exquisite ness, was at the foot of a mountain up the aides of which it ran with vineyard and villas of morohant princes, and all that marble, and Aug. 4, a black column arose above tune
who had within a flew weeks been convinced by Paul's reasoning and the holy living and miracles of both apostles. Stood round alioul h, m 1 h» exact oircum-s tarn's* we vsunot fully reproduce. How it came to p**« that just after the Jews had tried to murder Paul, it was IHvwihla for Paul's converts safety to stand around hie body, we at this distance cannot explain. He rose up came into the city. He was made unconscious by the stroke of the stones. Whether he was dead or not we may form our »wu opinion. Dean Alford says, "The first, and 1 think the right Wheti the	haw wnat impression is that this recovery was
^¦Kyrtlie Uukg round supernal oral. It is not indeed so
P. rongly implied aa to leave no doubt; especially as a blow from a stnue would be likely to stun, and occasion the appearance of death." Professor Bradley thinks that verse 10 intimates plainly that he was not dead, but supposes that the rapidity of his renow ery makes it probable that his recov-tsry .was miraculous, and suggests that the wars received at this time are those referred to by Paul in Gal. 6. 17. He departed with Barnabas to Derbe. in whtoh he labored apparently without opposition
21.	The *m
and to loooium, and wu* now near to his own home, but, turning from k. he gees back to the places where he had made converts. The probability is that his enemies had dispersed to their own homes; and we must always remember that atn cunt city bad none of the systematic orgamsaikm of modern • life, and that it	would be prtetilble for
Paul to return to the scenes of his persecution without being promptly recognised and arrested by Uhuee who hiul so recently opposed him, as he would surely be amid modem condition*.
22.	Confirming ti» souls of the disciples. Strengthening 4 hem in the faith. The following verse speaks of
They
Molineux La» co
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
INTERNATIONAL LESSON. MAY 16.

burn t».	¦	¦ 1 ¦,.
sw<dUm with the strom^eabluUxi wnirkle of ita waters is not like the s|<i.rkle of k*\a ut y uni oUter lakes, but « metallic lustre like unto the flash of wild ducks that fly aorvw»—for, con-the hills beside it. end the cranes and a sword that would thrust you the gazelles and the ibexes that Uve 00 t nary to the old le lief, birds do «afely wing their way over it—and the Aral» (horses you have been riding, t ht>ugh thirsty enough, will nut drink out or this dreadful mixture. A mhd § hovers over parts of it al in ont continually, which, though natural evaporation, seems like u doom spread over liquid desolation. It b tihe rinsings of al»m-ination.	It Is an aqueous monster
coiled among the hills, or creeping "do ripples and atendbful with nauseat ing mill odors.
In these regions onos stood four great cities of Assyria:	Sodom. Gomorrah,
Adma and Zidoiin. The Bible says they were dostnut) ed by a tempest c€
fire and tu*iin stone after the cities had
filled up of wfefcednM. "No, that 1» absurd," cries some one; "It is evident that this was a regiuttl of salt and brimstone and pht oh*, lung tic fore that. And so it was The Ikble says it was a region of suhthur long before great catastrophe. "Well, now, * sumtmw wonting to rame a quarrel oe-tween science and Revelations, yo|U have no right to say the cities of the» nlam were destroyed t>y & tempest oc lire and auljihur and brimaWne, ne-
had these characterle-theee cities were dereply, very
and
l be
•Fael rreerhlwg l* Ihr «rallies. ' SeU 14 1 Il VV 41 .itTell, let* IS I 47.
PRACTICAL NOTES
Verse 11
Paul had done of this incident see the introductory
The a post lea had 1***0
pSiagra^b driffii by persecution to remote towns
in Lyoauciia and at one of them. Ly-stra. Paul bad cured a cripple. They
In tumultuous
parted t(i Irsaeliter»
lifted up their voice*. | excitement. The speech of Lyoaowju. What Hu» native dialect of this district not certainly known The peo-
acroas
is—— pie wvre akin to tine umivnt A*r*yrians
A|i*irv'Ut ly Luke's pun***e m
tiumng t be "speeth of Lyocouia to show- that the ai*wtlos did nut understand the inference drawn by the people, nur probably recognised tbat the bulls to be aLiughtered were sacrifices made to thcuisclvee. This euh-alantiaUv» what lias hetxu already aakl ' 2 tiio nature and purpose of the miracle of tooiguw at Pentecost. That gift doas not seem to liave been in any case depended u$K«n by Uie sp**** t les to assist them m preaching to foreigners. The gods are cuiue down to us. Jupiter and Mercury had before wandered from heaven through
and r&inbowed fountains, and a coliseum at the dedication of which 9,000 beasts had been stain and a supernal landscape in which the shore gave roses to the sea and the sea gave crystal to the shore; beauty, and pomp and wealth could give, was there to be seen or heard. But the- bad morals of the city had chocked the world. In the year 79, on Aug. 4, a biao kcolumn	arose above
the adjoining mountain and spread cut. tiny says he saw it, like a great pine tree, wider and wider, until it began to rain upon the oily, first thin aches, and then putruoe stone, and sulphurous fumed scooped, and streams of mud poured through the streets tuil few people escaped and the city was burn-ad, and seine of the inhabitants, 1,800 years afterward, was found embalmed in the scoriae of that awful doom. The Lord called upon volcanic forces to ob iterate that profligate city. He touched the hais and they smoked.
Nothing but vulcanic action can explain what 1 shall show show you at the Dead Sea, upon which 1 have looked, and of whose waters I took a bitter and stinging taste. Concerning all that region there has been controversy enough to fill libraries, science saying one thing, Reventiou another thing. Both, admit volcanic aotion divinely* snip eyed and both testimonies are one
Geouqgy, chemistry, geography, astronomy, ichthyology, orxnAhouagy and soology are coming one by one to confirm the scriptures. Two leaves of one book are Revelation and Creation and the penmanship la by the same divine hand. Our horseback ride wal not be so steep to-day, and you can stay on without clinging to the pomme', of the saddle, but the scenes amid which we ride shall, if possible be more thrilling, and by the time the horses snuff the sulphurous atmosphere of Lake Asp bal tiles, or the Dead Sea,
we will be ready to dismount and read from our Bibles about wimt was done J by the Lord when He touch-hills and they smoked
Take a dateur and pass along by the rooky fortress of Masada where of occurred something more wonderful in the way of desperation than you have ever heard of, uni of that these which
1
nu*n-
7 returned
again to Lyvtra, Antioch. Paul
" was
Here is
yea, all that
an-
ouncvrning
I cause t hia
tics long HHHp ,	1
stroyod." Volcanic action u* my Thvse cities hail hewn built ou to# oumbustible material*. The mortar was of bitumen easily ignited, and the walla dripped with pitch mo*t inflammable. They sat, 1 think, cm a ridge of hills. They Stood high up. and corny louons, radiant in their sins ostentatious in t heir debaucheries, four hells tm eariB*
cry the affrighted inhabitant*. What s that f" The foundation** of the eartb were giving way. A volcano» whose fires had been burning tor sges, at God's command burst torUh, easily setting everything aflame.and first lining those cities high in the air, and then
ng them down in chasms fat hom-The first of that eruption intervint the denue smoke, and rolled into the heavens, only to descend again.
And all the configuration of that coun-y was changed, and where there was a bill there came a valley, and wiiere
there had Wen the yomp X mss came widespread desolation. me red hot spade of voloamo_action had shovelled under the cities of the plain. Before the catastrophe. the cities stood
of the salt and sulphur.
, Revelation right. He **** they smoke.
No •cleoce ever frightened believers in Revelation so much as geology, they feared that the etrata of the earth would contradict the Scriptures, and then Moses must go under. But aa the Dead Sea instance.bo mall cases Gods writing on the earth, and God a widing in the Bible are harmonious.	T he
shelves of rock correspond with the shelves of the American Bible Socitv. Science digs into the earth and finds deep down the remains of planta first. Science digs down and says. Manne animals next." and the Bible says, '• Marine animals next." Science digs down and says, “Land animals next, and the Bible responds, " Land animals next." "Then comes man," says science. "Then cornea man," responds the Bible. Science digs into the reg-about the Dead Sea. and finds re-

a
ore
Phrygia and ncjgbboring province*, so these larbarvus natives believed, and it was natural for thorn to suppose that they had come agarn. In the like-nev» of men Jupiter was suppled to be able to assume any form he chose, and bad oome to the earth at different times aa a bull, as a swam, un, showers of gold and "in the likeness of men " 12. They called Bannabat Jupiter. "Barnabas." iuiya Ohrysustom to have Iweu a pemm of noble presence and tearing." Paul, Mercuriua.
of the
elders in every oburoh. JHIbeea compelled to leave each of these places so suddenly that the organisation of these churches had not been completed. Exhorting them to continue in the faith. Very likely the ition was still great. We must gh much tribulation enter into kingdom of God. "Many tribulations." whose light affliction, endure but for a moment, bring a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory.
mug
' had
oopos
tfcrvu
the
etsems
FREAKS OF LONDON SOCIETY.
MIiiImmi F rempli Penes» le Ferfe
geeer Arli.
1 No matter what wealth they may poa-; no matter how great their natural generosity, there is in all rich people one point where a touch of etingl-liea, and in many casea It takes the most ridiculous freaks again, tlwe are others who are the
strangest m following instances and anecdotes will ahow. A certain wealthy woman, who throw# a quart bottle of eau de Cologne into her bath of a morning, sends in next door for the loan of a newspaper. Another who paya a thousand a year rent, will if anything U wrong with the carriage horses, walk in her most elaborate frock in bail, wind and Ktorm rather than pay a shilling for a hansom
penny In a bus. A lady who
gives the most recherche suppers in Park lane, and whose stationery is noted for its beauty and price, sends the footman round in the dark to drop invitations in her friends' letter boxes be-
youthful heir toTtftle * $’$0*000 a year delights to steal into a dingy fned fish shop and there discuss with the usual habitues twopenny worth of ttie fare. A pretty debutante, the daughter of a countess, steals off her friends
tables all the sweets she <**/*?**! hands on and next day <Üet<nbutee them among poor children. A certain foreign prim oss has been a barmaid, a waitress, and an attendant in one of the theatres, and tells her intimates
happy as when One of the
des h i
Ox Mercury, the messenger god*, who was a pattern of human elo quvure. The reasm for this identification 1* given ; because he was the ohief speaker, or "leader of the d ousaiom." Paul’s figure we may infer from many allusion* was delicate and
le*A
rj
va
tr
ga
and the same
gate
memorable. So the hottest afflictions ofyouir life may 2oil you heavenward. So the most burning persecutions, the most fiery troubles, may become uplifting. Only be Uoyne when you pull on the bits of fire, you drive up to towards God, and not down toward* the Dead Sea. When Latimer and Ridley died at the slake, they went uM I chariot of fire. When my friend 1*. P. Bliss, the gospel singer, waaconsumed with the rail-train that broke through Ashtabula bridge, and then took fire I said:	"Anoihiu* Elijah gone up in
a chariot of fire."
n
Then,
alight.
13. The priest of J upiter. And therefore the chief man in the community. Which was before their city. The lie-
whose temple was
of contrariety, as the
<na the top Science right touched b the

vised Version «ays before the c,ty." Alford retains the old-version and exp.aine it, which WM the defender, or tutelary god, of their city." Brought oxen. Bu.ls. And garlands unto the gates. To the doors of the outer court of the house, which was to be wreathed with gur.anda in honor of the holy giants. Very likely the
bulls and the priests tbumaelves also were garantie d, for such was the custom.
14. The apostles. Barnabas and Paul. In these notes we have so ceded them all along, but note that this is the first p ace in the text where they are called alxjei.es. Paul, however, was all along strenuous m hie claim to be an apostle. See Rem. 1.1; 1 Cor. 1,1; 9.1; 15,9,2 Cor. 1.1; Gal. 1.1;0W. 1.1; 1 Tim. 1.1; 2 Tim.
1.	1; Titus 1.1. Barnabas is called an apostle in other passages; 1 Cor. 9 5, 6; Gal. 2. 9. flames, the tjrot.ber of the Lord
Twelve, an d vet he us called an ap-ost.e. Gal. 1.19 Tiuuolheua seem to be so 01 led, 1 These.
2.	6. and in Rush. 16. 7, and 2 Our. 8. 23. It is thus made pain that the ward had a wider sense theft that which now de-
iu a
ei-
fiu t this river Is a river of baptisms. Christ waa here baptized, and John baptised many thousands. Whether on these occasions the candidate for baptism and the officer» of religion went into this river, and then, while both were standing the water was dipped in the hand of one and sprinkled upon the forehead of the other, or whether the entire form of the one baptised
for a moment beneath the not now declare
or even a
that da ed t he
!
you have heard Herod buil.t a palaoe amid i of biadk and awful rocks like a tumbled midnight. A great band of robbers, about one thousand, movuding their families afterward hold the fortress. When the Roman army stormed that eteep and the bandits oouiLd no longer hold the P aoe, their chieftain, Eleazar, made a powerful speech which persuaded them to die before they were captured. First the men kissed their families a loving and tearful good-bye and then put a dagger into their hearts and the men and children were slain, the men were chosen by lot to slay all the other men, and each man lay do by the dead wife and children, and waited tor these executioners to do their work. This done one man of the ten killed the other nine, the survivor committed suicide. Two women and five children bad hid them-res and after all was over came fourth to ted of the nine hundred and sixty slaughtered. Great and rugged tiirad scenery makes the most tremendous natures for good or evil. Great statesmen and great robbers, great orators and great butchers, were Snarly all born among mountain precipices. Strong natures are hardly ever bora upon the pCain. When men ha/ve anything great!y good or greatly evil to do they come down off the rocks. Pans on from under the shadow of
cause abe won't
sapped red
flood. 1 doWÊÊÊÊÊBÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊË
1 cannot think without deep emotion of the fact that my parents held me in infancy, to the baptismal font in the old meeting-house at burner ville, and assumed vows on my behalf, 1 must tell you now of another mode of l*&p-ti&iu observed in the river Jordan, on that afternoon in December, the particulars of which I now relate.
di
While
at
ions----	.	...
suit of fire, and masses of brimstone,
and announces a wonderful geological formation. "Ob. yes," «ays the Bible ;
.loses wrote thousands of years ago, • the Lord rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the Lord out of heaven/ and David wrote. ‘He toucheth the hills and they
So I guess we will hold unto
longel**m*

•i It
one of the
was not
Even Klvaji'ua and
It was a scans of unimaginable solemnity. A comrade in our Holy Land journey rode up by my side that day, ami told me that a young man, who is now studying for the Gospel minis- fines it. They rent their dJothea. Like try. would like to be baptised by me true orientals, to dhow displeasure, in the River Jordan. 1 got all the facta Ran in among the people. "Sprang I could concerning his earnestness and forth among the muxitudia" Probably faith, and through personal examina- they were inside the house when the tion made myself confident he was a priests with the bu Is approached. Oy-worthy candidate. There was among uig out. Ca.ling aloud in their excite-our Arab attendants two robes not ment.
funlike those used for American baptis- 15. Sire. "Men." Wlhy do ye these tries, and these we obtained. Aw we things! "How foo.wh is your behavi-were to have a large group of differ- or!" ,We also are e ent nationalities present 1 dictated to lifts passions witle my daughter a few verses, and had , therefore copies enough made to allow us all to sing. Our dragoman had of man familiar with the river wade through and across to allow Che depth and the swiftness of the at ream, and the most appropriate place for the ceremony.
Then I read from the Bible the accounts of baptisms in that sacred stream, and implored the presence of the Christ on whose head the dove descended at the Jordan. Then, as the candidate and mveelf stepped into the waters, the people on the banks sang In full and resounding voice/
On Jordan’s stormv banks f stand.
And cast a wist fill eys To Canaan's fair and trppy Where my poisserons lie Oh, the transporting, rapturous scene That rises to my sight :
Sweet fields arrayed in living green.
And rivers of delight By this time we had reached the middle of the river. As the candidate sank under the floods and row aga
9 t»
smoke
our Bibles a
But the dragoman was rejoiced when be bad seen enough of this volcanic region of Palestine, and he gladly tightens the girths for another march around the horses which are prancing and neighing for departure. We are off for the Jordan, only two hours away. We pass Bedouins whose stern features melt into a smile as we give them the salutation Salaam Aleikoum, "Peace be with you," their smile sometimes leaving us in doubt as to whether it is caused by their gladness to see us or by our poor pronunciation of the Arabic.
Now we come through regions where there are hills cut into the shape of cathedrals, with altar and column, and a rob and chancel, and pulpit and dome, and architecture of the rooks that I think can hardly just happen eo. Perhaps it is because God loves the church eo well He builds in the solitudes of Yellowstone Park and Yosemite, and Switzerland and Palestine these ecclesiastical piles. And who knows but that unseen spirits may sometimes ship there t Dragoman. -k— we see Jordan ?" I ask we were on '
that a he was never so ,
Gharlee deg, to which he ui devoted, abut up perpetually because he won t
-i Z,	... bis «
champagne before dinner, smoke* be cheapest tobacco in London and ^was never known to offer a friend a cigar. A well-known and beautiful countess.
rtfressKi'wa
in this position in her own laundry. A famous Q.C. who may often be seen in
are but a few of the peculiarities of coiwptcuous figures in London
Then
wn
Then
K
ot gods. Of

And
you
ha/vung VJke infirmities. Preach unto you. Revised Ver-Bion, Urieg yt*i good tidings." That ve should turn Irom these vanities. These vain goda. "An idol is nothing." wtrote Paul afterwards. Vato the living God. The Omni ci tint. Bteumal ; the (thing)».
26i7AIl'^^Aatiog:
17. He left not himself without wit, M . Better testimony than fabled appearance of Jupiter.
Rom. 1. 19, 20. He did good. It is in harmony with the facta that we gather from other sources concerning the atari-Ujty and dryneas of this region that
ffoodjiess ofGodk6 thfuhL gill * ^in
§mm

[x>ten<, Omnia-Creator of all
some
ciety
Masada, the scene of concentrated dia-
FRANCE'S COLONY OF ANARCHISTS
holism, and come ahing where the salt crystals crackle under tike hoofs WÊM ¦¦	¦¦
forsaken region of all the earth. You to whom the word lake has heretofore
times bewitchments of beau-and Cayuga, vome great pearl net by a loving God in Ike of a luxuriant valley, change your ideas about a lake, ans m sheet of water, which the Bibl
horses'
The spirit of active Anarchy is much
You are near the most God-
any
i wor-, when shall All the time
we were on the alert and looking through tamarisk and willows for the greatest river of all the earth. The Mississippi is wider, the Ohio is deeper, the Amazon is longer, the Hudson rolls
i more picturesque, the has more splendor on ita
See
felÈEflIil
wmm
suggested
ty. Luz
land.
tr
all of
this
e calls
Salt 6ea, or Sea of the Plain, and lephus calls Lake Asphaltities. The 1#teens will take care of the horses while we go <to»m to the brink and dig up the liquid mixture In the palm or th# hand. The waters are a ling of brimstone sad pitch,
.UTdrtSC.’&fu.
Mview four per cent, of % ,i and this
WÊæsg?*
amid rvgions
£
Tham
banks, > the Tiber suggests more Imperial procession, the Ilyssus has more clsmic memories, and the Nile feeds
le.
in under Father,
greater populations by its Irrigation ; but the Jordan is the queen of rivers and runs through all the Bible, a silver thread strung like beads with he roles, and before night we shall meet on Its oka Elijah, and Elisha, and David, od Jacob, and Joshua, and John, and
and of the Holy Ghost, through ear souls * tide of holy emotion such as we shall not probably fail again until the Jordan that divides
those watt
and the Son there rushed
and have
VERY NEAR THE TRUTH
six
la Certain Jews tr
into rib froru
V A** strange to
Whjuit«*thletWkLt do 7»
ba

vent Will
waters be <Wp9 be strong 9 No mat-im w Lt.h us. Friends
vftii
J
ea
At last between two trees I got a tec if J
###PAGE###3###
& ... i
I
It Is the intention to remedy this difficulty in fitting up th»e Cfceanir so that (here will be no hard corners for
" OCEANIC’ WILL BE LARGER	V?ZTy
THAN THE GREAT EASTERN. oiated	. . w
The largest vessel# at present n service are the Cunaj-dere Lucania and Campania, each of which is 620 feet long. The Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, the steamship the North German Llovd people are now building, will l»e MU,-0 feet long. The Kalmar Friedrich be-
company will
feet. The St.
THE BIBBE8T STEAMSHIP,
great curiosity ; looking up. he was made the more determined to succeed with them by seeing the pain of Incredulity returning to her eye*
* How do you eipeot me to know how to manage things that I have never handled In my life before ?"
" Rut if you don't know how to put them on bow can you walk in them f" "I have mpcn rnen walk in them and there are a great many thing* we can do when something defends upon it." Hbe directed him how to cron* and
A FREAK OF CUPID.
I
THE
The tong drawing-room was almost stood in a wild shock above him head Hnrkc the shutter» had not been ‘ «nd ho felt that it dangled m hiseym.
zrsii1: “ïTÆSji,; JH	f
ot the previous evening had broken up; and in the minute that he wan mute.
if	,ÎK^TIk,r;,",Æ,'."7‘*
¦	J "lilb
the ol the feet. Her bueme»J-like prep-
rntioni for tti# ro*d jnMaMW wm. W1„w^hw« «ink eon» four or fire H<vUuo«hiLg will take piece next Jen..	„„ „	1 r-awr.« ssxLr&/&sis.aaa ^ »>~«*•	«*
picture, was Madge King. She was	' w hat right have	you	to deny to me	^ fjri( moved forward he I rod wit b	be voyaging between New York	ana
dressed In b blanket coot ; mocassin#	a gentleman and	y<*ir	guest, the right	on^ ^hoe on the top of the other. He	Liverpool, Contrary to custom,	her
«tarras	ES	zrzxzixxzx
of his entrance she lifted her bare ing aJone with this dangerous atorm. minute he stood, his back to the door, iwr stern the letter# that form the kred.amt across the face flushed with or attacked by blackguards who we his	turned to the illimitable re- Wttnj '•Oceanic/* She will be 706 feet|
j~. r	,w.,h. %	¦.* » - ;» —
look of haughty intolerance of his	^ray H was I	wto	was **•!*’**	without a thought of turning back,	of the Great Eastern. Her depth	will
preatnre. She had thought that he	for letting you in last	night,and then	when hie pulses were surging and	h* little more Lhitu 50 fleet, her mean
_ srz :	zz «&&£&&& SrHwt samsjftriArr
that iw ahrsud me her tears. It	was	whefle region before. Now I am bound	* hamming and was determined not to	tea* respect only la she the inferior of
1er that reason that she did not	rise	to keep you here until we can hear	yieM again; perhaps—and this seemed	Great Eastern.
-, —— i«%sraraeS5.XSSKft
and imploring him to be gone.	it I I am sure you do not/' he believed	the powers of Uiughtar; perhaps, hor-	io	will be tremendous, the	ship will
quite helpless, even if I	what he said. "Why haven't you the	thought, ehe nad gone for Morin	he	built for the purpose of	affording
wm«Ud	to	harm	you."	He	-yoke	re-	courage to a#t upon yoar convict ion to bid him again throw the noose over	aororti modal ion to passenger* auperior to
trmSL Ï/°W1 T	la,t[nnotive,J, l^t	^RhT mjm th»t «hr »» you quit* « hZ,ugW*',«-irk3 him** In'n" mol ion. My	any 1het now ©ii*t. The Liuanm and
if she pitied him. she wvulid accept hi A distincUy/*	means of hie reason he discovered that the Campania are supposed to be the
"Elis is a little fool." were the words , jy h* was to make progress at all the ^«al floating palace*, but the Oceanic’s
SU 5T-f2ft‘Ü!rw «5K** ZtZtt * ZS&STZtlS. —>...............-	.1"
nervous; she aw the thief undoubt- uj^Uy to walk with his fiet so wide memit for which trans-AtUotic travel edly, and by some miserable freak of apart that the rackets at tholr broad- «rs hive in vain sighed—plenty of room.
'“'HZitHZ’JZ\7Sfm.Sr- £. ?S21i.'ï*fcijS2!-. kTbïïS!	7Z. ÏÜÏ,
••Well, then, there was no ream- i litre A miniature Colossus of Rhodes,	increased size of the vessel will am* l
Mance, and she fancied it."	| fixod again so that he could not move,	is not to be utilised toward increas-
She stood up, looking harassed hut, his feet upon platforms at either side, the number of staterooms, as much
S‘SU?*£°*» *	”'a-<m. ...	- lo-m
think I would stay here when a day sharply, and he felt certain, yea, cer- rooms larger. It will also t** possible might make all the difference in	| tain, that the lasso was on its way for a traveler to secure a room to him-
•¦us	5	2s&!	; -
going to lome the things that belonged j^iy what they could in no way do by ranged as greatly as jkish 1	1
to him just because I am too much of thought, he found himself facing the basic principle of a great modern hot-a coward to go out amd give the door, his snow-shoes truly inextricably ^ u0t the floating hotel that so many alarmt"	i mixed with one another, hut still he
She walked away from him rev> . had turned round. There was no rope, lutely, but the thought of the lost no Morin.; Madge was standing alone treasuries and ail the dear memories Upon the outer step of the porch, her that in her mind were identified with face aflame with indignation, them seemed to overcome her. She *• This is either perfect folly drew her hand hastily across her eyes, have deceived me, ehe cried.
y, the sorrow »	•• j gfoall learn how to use them in a
for her lots emphasised her wavering minute/ belief in his guilt ; far the first time he
lied
raises - Os
riealls#
Nasi stalk
Ureas
Uaa She Weald Otarekadew large
Niai Id lug* Wer Bevem Neadred reel
I'rtM Bow le Hier*
A large force of workman is to-day .C£5t,n^ir'f^ I bu.ll7 ,,180^,1 cm Hhat w.11 be the
biggest and longest vessel that was constructed, says a Pelfaet letter.
ing built by the same have a length of 600,02 HH Louis and St. Paul, of the American line, are each 554 63 feet long. The Hamburg-American freighter, Pennsylvania, tne biggest freight carrying craft afloat, which has just gone into service. measures 585 feet in length. Thus the Oceanic, with her 705 feet over all, will easily be the longest steamer ever constructed, and the largest in all other respects excepting the Great Eastern.
the
•fini sphere was deadly cold. (Vurthope stood in the streak of light which entered with hkro Upon
floor jjjjpjpUUJ	jj
•gainst, the lower part of her father's
him, incrertsing anxiety betraying it-seJf in tier face.
The enow was mo light that even the snow-shoes amk some four or _ five
cvny
crouching her cheek leaning
The steamship company selected the name Oceanic for this giant craft now underway, hecause it was the name cf the first liner put Into the New York service, a boat that nearly a ouarter of a century steamed back and forth
Atlantic with hardly an accident They propose to make the Oce-aitfic, they eay, as good as their former standby. She will carry, it is expected, about a third more passenger*, and a correspondingly greater amount of freight, than the largest steamship now running in the trans-Atlantio service.
aoroiN the
-I
AN INSECT DUEL
*ty
f A*
"You hare harmed us enough al-
sighed ; "all the rest of our
over
ready,H
silver, all my dear father's silver is gone. We found that out this morning, lor what we had used for the feaat had been put ia a basket untill we could store It away; It ia all taken."
shocked and enraged to hear of this further Itoas. He did not attempt to
a spider.
A professor, while camping nut, saw a fight to the death between a wasp and a spider A wasp had partly truilt his mud-house on the tent-pole, and a big spider had spun » wed across the corner of the tent so as to shut out the
He
wasp from hie half-finished house, un he passed through the web the professor to a reporter of the New York Tribune:
The spider, an ugly-looking black fellow, fctood on guard, watching the movements of the waapMHH| flew backward and forward, looking for an opening to hie domicile. Finally
he alighted on the tent-pole within an inch or so of the edge of the web.
While I was still contemplating the two foe*, the wasp flew off the pole and directly toward the spider, which had been keenly watching him. As the wasp flew paw* his enemy, he curled the under part of his body up so that the port containing the stinger would come in close proximity to the spider.
The spider was evidently accustomed to such warfare, however, for be got crut of the way in a twinkling. Maddened at his failure, the wasp took a turn and went back again. Once more the spider eluded the venomous stinger, butt at the same time he appeared to be trying to bite the wnaap.
spider might; have retreated so far from his web fort that hi* enemy could not have touched him until the obstruction was broken down, but he evidently did not intend to have his carefully constructed fly-trap destroyed without a struggle.
There were several skirmishes of the kind already described, and then the wasp again alighted on the tent-pole, a* if reconnoi taring and getting breath for a grand onslaught.
After remaining on the pole for a few seconds, he flew off and^ggg himself in the air a foot or so the web. Then he darted directly for the spider and went completely through the web at the exact spot which had been ocdupied by the spider before.
For an instant both combatants were loot, to view, and I heard the ! tattle raging in the peak of the tent. Almost before I had time to wonder which retting the better of it, both insect» dropped to the ground close to me. The spider was bolding fast to the wasp's bead iwith his «mall but effective mouth, and the wnan was running bis stinger in and dut or the spider’s body with lightening !ike rapidity.
There was a short struggle on the 1, srhen both insects began to
rooms
pa, cer
with her ; he had with himself.
1
Said
eri
my
wheel you let me
"T*u trusted Is last night," he said. "Don't you think that you would have bad some perception of It last night If I had been# tlrely unworthy Î Think what an utter and abominable villain I must be to have accepted your hospitality—to
IT#
advertiee, but the bona fide article NO STARTLING INNOVATIONS
The wasp
In very many respects the Oceanic or you | will merely be an enlarged counterpart of the Teutonic and Majeetio. two of
^ciou*
leg* made but an unsteady pedestal, p*tn porte. There are no startling in-that tb* leant push would have sent flOVationfl from a structural standpoint
_	™riow œ^Td JZ t5t you would «d no effort will be made to place her
He found that abe proposed to walk mîd, "because I thought it would be go?" she naked fiercely.	at the front of the fleet that are known
cm ww-shops three miles to the near-	in cave you had not done it ; but He looked down at hie feet ae school- ocean greyhounds. Nevertheless, her
--I-.wsrz*ur™"°A.5's.^,r sa? isrsse- s* srasîs	- ».	*
of parish pheats, where she would bo man has taken our things! They can- or not he could get hie snow-shoes is believed, to Like her across the At oartain of obtaining a messenger to not be of any value to you compared headed again In the right direction lantio In four days. Tbs present time
sssr sisrrt iEHsârHeuS	lsts-s-as
brought even to discuss the adviaabU- of them, and more too, if you would with such determination ae honor-fly- horsepower of the Oceanic will be 45,-ity ai her journey; Mono could not be only tell me which way this man has log for aha me only knows, "and I will qOO. That of the Luca ni* and Campa n-
To Oxirthope's imagination her For the first time he was offended his legs, he faced again in the right of each of which will be 15.000 home tourner seemed to be an abandonment with her. He stepped hack with a direct ion, but having lifted hie right po^r. She will also have three sorewa,
rZ-.v. u. uu^.« rz£gfSzz-a,sssfanrs -»»•>»t*1 -r*
between the two houses she failed to iggness to give the booty up.	snow-shoe stuck down in the snow, Therefore, although a much t gi * r
make program over high drifts and "I could promise to give you the ; setting the shoe pointing skyward and #*& speed than that now contemplated
srs'sasr %: z	rHiKSisÆ
there warn that villain, who had seemed my own that I could get out without more firmly imbedded. He lost his mined as far as possible to aim at a to stalk forth from, the isolated house our lawyer or mamma knowing, and balance, and only by a wild fling of his regular Wednesday morning arrival,
friüs.'fii-s	Eti££srSSu92S
here tied until my stepmother comes needed produced from him another re- town by daylight, and enabling poaeen-ahe will not give	any money	to get	the	mark.	gens who may be traveling to place*
things hack ; abe	would not	care if	you	M It seems to me that you have got	I beyond the port of arrival to proceed
kept them» long aus she could punish me now in closer bonds than before." to and in the majority of cases reach you."	As he spoke he turned his glance hack- their destination with comfort during
Every word of her gentle pleading ward and saw that comment of hie tl* day. At the same time the veer-made the insult deeper and more gross, was needless.	eel is to be so constructed that the ma-
ud the fact that she was who she was The girl had at last yielded to laugh- lion of even the winter sea* will not oaily made the hurt to his pride the ter. Worn out, no doubt, by a long- be felt with anything like the seventy sorer. He would not answer; ha controlled excitement, laughter had that ordinarily afflicts those who trav-would hot explain; he would let her now entirely overcome hear. Leaning *1 In winter by steamship. It is expect-think what she liked ; it ia the way of her head on her hand and her shoul- ©d that the service of the Oceanic will the injured heart.	der against a pillar of the porch, she be continuous, regardless of seasons.
Angry too, and confirmed In her sus- was shaking visibly from head to foot To read the dimensions of the Ocean-picLoei, she turned proudly away. He and the effort she made to keep the [© hardly gives an adequate idea of her saw her. as she crossed the hall, take sound of her amusement within check tremendous size. Her model shows that
only seemed to make Its hold upon her	she wiU be beautifully proportioned,and
entire being more absolute.	so, like a very large man of fine phy" I don't wonder you laugh," he said	eique, she will not look her size unless
feebly beginning to laugh himself a	«©me object be placed beside heir enr-
little.	abling comparisons. For instance, the
But she did not make the slightest	Ethiopia, of the Anchor Line of steam-
treply. Her face was crimson ; the rip-	ships, that plies between Glasgow and
pie* of her laughter went over her New York, couhl be almost placed	_ , __
whole form as Tipples of wind over a tween decks aboard the Oceanic. While Koaie Interesting temparlaon* Tb#t young tree.	I have never seen the steamer North-	Kalirend Enterprise.
wn* fomoM to lwye her thus. weet, whic h traita the great lakes, the	future generation of men ha»-
By a miracle of determination, as it dimensions which I read of her—depth. D	e	, , _-m<w «/
seemed, he freed hie right shoe and length, and beam—show that ehe is mg, perchance, adopted the name*
made alow and weary strides forward, hardly half as long as the Oceanic will locomotion set forth in Lord Lyt ton's He saw that he had exaggerated the be. and of depth and beam proportion- „ The Coming Race "—namely, wings—
srz üssrïKjs&'Bï rtÆYr fa	**	—? «**¦
of keeping hie feet wide apart, al- ply between Vancouver and Japanese el with very much the same feelings though not too wide for motion. He and Australian ports. She will possess the contemplation of the coach of knew that this was not the right but two smoke stacks, it is true, but ©re-railway days is apt to Incite in most method; be knew that ehe peered at either of these is of sufficient size to men 0f to-day. For us, however, I be him between her fingers and was more permit of an opening being made 8team railway, though threatened by convulsed with laughter at his every through it large enough to admit the electricity, and contemptuously sniffed step. He was thankful to think that postage of a double team from a farm at by the bicycle and the motor, car, the faUing flake* must soon begin to wagon.	jfl a.n institution of interest if for no
obscure him figure, but he did not dare	A GRAND PROMENADE.	oUier reason than that in consideratlng
mm mm
bridge, will have a promenade of an eighth of a mile when he wishee the exercise. There will be as much room in the main saloon as in an ordinary theater.
Regarding her fittings a representative of the White Star Line, to which ehe will belong, told me the other day that in point of elegance they would far exceed anything now afloat. The arrangements for tne comfort of passengers In rough weather will be euch that it will require a very heavy sea indeed to make one uncomfortable. It has been a common source of complaint among trans-Atlantic passengers that the furniture of a steamship was built on the land principle, that is. as if the traveler was never going to receive any & vpn[ shocks or be likely to he thrown alxiut. HaraKl
have been m very happy with you—"
tin he went oto appealing to her heart from the sentiments that arose In hie
and then to his dim*
ohm.
Madge listened only for a reasonable period; ehe rose to her feet. 'I must
by emotion she turned again and came
' hack into his presence 4 reproached you."
J I thought it would be mean in case you had not done it; but
must have done it. where the other
by emotion (shrink ingly 1 "I have not
she
<L
go." she
The
go
i#ed

ow

might even nw be bulking near
where
dangerous devil—able to run
-ars1 £2S £S13>%. w
“”“““S£ th2
ready to set forth »t Pourtbope *t liberty to roalte of
“fr£^£Sr‘£”-S”£K“-
» w.
posit ion returned upon his beartbe-
ma## 1W?E
KUMPffc5*-g:££»^5 %% tKTb?2Si	”£•
sent me here if * 5“PJ*~ .ro ^th everything that has been stolen. Give rend for you. or if I oarmot gowitu me ftD0W,àbloeB Keep my horse and
§e:«^e
bouge!"	__. AV-* :* wltH more than you earn do. I will do more
### gSsSc
mmw£- SSŒSBÇ
wîdealMtas King 1 It Is per- that he had, as she thought, made his
w iEBi' z?	^;iss,i°,.zïïs.r,,,,ss°- s
wm #m#
g, 1,^‘USt^-bU ..r~ ;&,¦ ~S-.	^
-4SbS&s«SB SiifSiS
szrva S3£iî*fi2srïi zM&S3Zrr,Azr ks
IwJBgfcSg-g ayi&îfir ik’-m
waft
•rt
protection tier; she v
lost fat
groin
grow weak, and their movements were lees rapid. Finally they fell apart, but neither moved. I examined them both, after watching them for a few :od*. The poison of each had done the* work for the other, and both were dead.
iri
aero
THE WORLD’S RAILWAYS.
be-
vnrston
time
(To Be Continued.)
A LAZY DOG.
I want to speak to you. about that dog you sold me, said the small man. Well, he's all there, ain't he ! I Yes. But you told me he was a hunting dog.
Do you mean to contradict what I said !
Not for the world, sir. Not for the world. But I will go so far as to say |I didnt* understand that his specialty was hunting a place to lie down and
sleep in.
the
No of mils# of railway.
.	. . 302,993
. ... 152.417
........ 26.078
. . .. 23.799 . . . . 13.795
......	8.143
hustle " seems
North America. .
Europe...........
Asia..............
South America. . Australasia .	. .
Africa. . .
over the
The Inclination to inbred in the Anglo-Sanon race : hence we find Great Britain, the United States and Canada giving all other competitors a long lead, and separated from one another by only a fraction of a mile per hour. The advantage, however. lies with England by four-fourteenths of a mile per hour, the United States comes next and Canada make# close third Indeed.—New York
POTTER8BYS MISTAKE.
What became ot that Samuels
flirting with
ËÜ
that Pottezwby
St4 «nüLTîiSres
E


"Gaddies is a remarkable man." "In what way V Hie use* our telephone without makin» led pencil marks os the wall while he is talking.
>
i

u m* %
//f > <rf,

###PAGE###4###
Although the new tariff ie bowling over our native industries es fast as it can, and throwing hundreds of operatives out of employment, it is not after all a tariff for.	— _
SU'rtv “ IA CONSTANT
NEWNESS.
The gquitÿ.
SUMMER,
SHAWVILLE, MAY 13, 1897
for 6 cents now costs one dollar.
Those papers which are comparing the condition of British finances with that of , Canada, to the latter’s disadvantage, for-to far received before going to press on get one vory importent item. In Canada
Tueaday night indicate that the admin I	* Government railways, ' etc!, I We are Continually passing
receipts of $66,000,000, and could satisfy We would ask the ladies especially to take
the Brockville Times, notes the departure	-----------------—	R1C8. Our Dress Goods section alwA)s
from that place of former employees of Sow the New American Tariff Bits alive with newness, and we consider it i
the woollen mill there, which has just]	the Canadian Tanner,	| pleasure to show goods. That wv lead is
hour of the
BLACK
THE PBOVINCIAL ELECTIONS.
The return# of the Provincial elections
STRAW HATS
GOODS
are a necessity.
p. m
and 13 Conservait vee
Our Stock contains Hats
for boys and girls, mon and
prices and qualities
We have now in stock a
of Black Dress
The tariff measure lately introduced by olearb demons ra <	)
Hon. Mr Fielding, as has already been | day in this store pointed out, provides for a reduction of 3 cents a bushel in the import duty on and abolishes the duty allege i. These reductions are in th<
woman,
right, beginning with the oldparg*' range fashioned Canada Straws at Goods. Intending purchasers each up to the fashionable should see them before buy-
closed down. One of them is going to the States. No need of asking them : “Will the new Lsurier tariff make you rich T*
ther
wheat
Children’s Jubilee
e in
on corn
EHEEH3E B ***>*+¦
turere, close the Canadian factories. The been met by the framers of the new tariff
market will be taken possession of by the which has lately passed through its final
extenaive dealers of the United States, «age# in the United Stale. Senate The
w .	, » • .	bgures herewith quoted show what the
When the Yankee oombmiater. lecure	({radian farmer will have to pay to the
full control the temporary reduction in	American government before he can get
prices will be speedily removed and the his produce into the market of sixty five If you are a etranger in this town, by former prices restored.—Brantford Con- millions,—the maiket which Grit *p<»utera means visit this store. Visit it for its
..a », ,h.« -«
plus grain, stock, butter, eggs, etc
Cattle, if one year old or over, valued
at not more than #10 per head, #4 per
,	_.	. , n	bead ; if valued at more than $10 and not
early adjournment of Parliament, and the more then *6 per bead ; if lee. than
sacrifice of those alleged pressing mea- one year old, $2 per head ; any cattle
dealing with the franchise, super, valued at more than #20 per head, 30 per
cent ad valorem (according to value.)
Howes and mules, valued at $160 or Hosiôry this tim0. TJll8Urp&88-estimates would make enough work for	lees per heed, $30 per head ; if valued at	abl© Bargains. From 8c to
the session best gauged the capacity of	over $160, 26 per cent ad valorem.	fa.
-^ UBd6rre8ts, d, |E. HOGGINS & SONS.
The arbitration treaty between Bog- ^Barley, 30 cents per bushel of 48 lbs. land and the United States, has met the Barley malt, 46 cents per bushel of 34
fate generally thought to be in store for lba-	. ,	.	.	. „ , a .
it .rhe hands of the United State.	P“6Dt* 0r huU#i’ 8
Buckwheat, 16 cents per bushel of 4$
5c
ing.
mens' at 65c.
Send the
In abundant profusion little folks along and make them hap py with a Jubilee Handkerchief.
Of interest to the little ones.
Hew Hosiery. 0=^ Hew Œlovee.
Hew Loose.
Our assortment for girls and boys is complete, from 15c to Be sure and see ours
before purchasing.
you
The signs at Ottawa all point to a hurrying of business in order to secure an
40c.
Special for TMs M
Hew BLOUSES.
sures
annuation and the prohibition plebiscite. Those who said that the tariff and the

J. H. SHAW.
from 5c up.
G. F. HODGINS.
P S.—Ensilage Corn.
Senate. Just ss well perhaps, because the treaty as it came before the Senate, | lbs owing to the process of mutilation to which it had been previously subjected, bore so alight a resemblance to the original document, that it in no sense repre | cent per lb seated the intent or object of its origin
per bushel of 66 lbs bushel of 48 lbs.
Corn or maize, 16c Corn meal, 20c per Oats 16 cents per bushel.
Rye, 10c per bushel ; rye flour, half
YK7ANTED—SEVERAL FAITHFUL MfcN OR TV Women to travel for responsible established
Wheat 25c per bushel.
Wheat flour 25 per cent ad valorem.
Beans, 40 cent# per bushel of 60 Ibe.
Beans, perns and mushrooms, prepared Mr. John Charlton was in Washington or preserved, in tins, jars, bottles or aim
Uet week, complaining of the U. 8. tariff U»r package. 2* per lb and 16 per cent
toward. Canada notwithstanding the tinjja^d i^ther immViatTwverinJe,	^ -The rice cleaning
friendly attitude of the Liberal party of »U vegetables, prepared or preserved, in- mills have been obliged to discharge all this country towards the big republic. If eluding pickle# and sauces of all kinds not	m®n *n. consequence of the adverse
iss	^ ô-SS-Htipurniture,
belongs, instead of the Canadian Parlia-	Cider/6c. per gallon.	ning of the year, yet the hands were kept
ment, it would save him the trouble of	Eggs, not specially provided for in this	on an(l ** usual. Ah »«>on, however,
zscskiws iSsr- srrswaA-ï
statesmen how to legislate with respect to Hope, 12 cents per lb.
Canada.	Onion, 40c per bushel.
Peas, green, in bulk or in barrels, macks or similar packages, 40 cents per bushel of 60 lbs ; peas, dried, 20 cents per bush ;
iEB-ip ";7',T	tH
eeetem eeotion of Montreal, has closed	Potato*, too per bushel of 60 pounds.	notified t0 hold itseff readiness for act-
down, pending the decision of the Gov-	otrew, fl.DO per ton, groee weight.	jve service. It is further announced
—: rjcrfrt: rr£fr À ~	M “IKEPAIRIN&
, ..	.	. .	j .,	4.	u*. valorem.	patrol the Natal bolder and report in-
relating to tobacco. In the meantime Hides of cattle, raw or uncured whe- ^antly any euspiciou. movements
something like a thousand employes are tIier <iry»	Plckled’ j? ce"te P61* Finally the despatch says that a circa-
—"EE %####-	o. m.
Fresh beef, veal, mutton and pork, 2 cents per pound.
Meats of all kinds, prepared or pre they hag* been made so high that it will I served, not specially provided for in this
be cheaper, if the tariff resolutions are ad- 25 per cent ad valorem.	New York, May 9.-The Mallory Une
-«I”" “r-rs—ir Lis4 -* “d 2“"u
tide and pay customs duties thereon than Lard, 4 cents per lb.	docks about 9 o'clock, almost completely de-
t© bring in the raw leaf and pay the man- Poultry, live, 5 cents per pound ; dress- strayed by lire. The lira made suck rapid ufsoturera' excise duty. It can hardly be ed’5,?enfc81per lb*	,	.	headway Chat before the P^sr,ll{erH in thv
thought that thia ~.h.t	=5=:=“'““““
meat intended, though, in regard to some gras or brown wool grease, \ of
articles largely produced in Canada, they per lb.	The PlsUtolte Oond Willed*
-r: æari s mH SS£S —
have all been affected in like manner, if mote, down clothing wools, and wools of Winnipeg. Man, May 9.—At the closing not in like degree, while it is possible like character with any of thtf preceding, session of the Anglican SynCd of Rupert's
that thA wood screw works the eui/ar including Bagdad wool, China lambs’ Land, yesterday, there was an Interesting de-1 Special ATTENTION paid to T	V	„ , „	wool, Castle Branca, Adrianople skin	bats over a motion Introduced approving of
refineries, the	spring	w -rk , ne	g	wool or butcher's wool, and such as have	the proposed plebiscite for total prohibition
factories and	other	industries	will	be .	been heretofore usually imported into the	to be taken by the Dominion Government. | and all kinds
compelled to	curtail	production	or, per-	United States from Buenos Ayres, New	The Archbishop stated distinctly that he
There are already, a# a result of the 8lt' Morrocoo, and elsewhere, and all wools while the Holy Scriptures condemn drunken-nation, many employee out of work, with hereinafter included in classes two neee !n *evere term^ (,n i nt»k»^ it a sp.^ui
*3	. * rEEEEHr _ H
trade is naturally not good, and on* VyF	ftIld mubstitutes therafor 6 cents of Joj* He b#1,eved thal P'^ibition would Thank mg the pubic for psst favors, the
1 V	be a failure, and that in enecUng It the coun- subscriber hopes by strict attention to
try would be Interfering with the free rights business and by giving good satisfaction of the people and doing a grievous wrong to to merit a continuance of their patronage, a large section of the community. The proper course was tbs government of saloons— they might be removed altogether.
An amendment to the motion was carried -7 to 19.
house In the county of Ppottsc. Salary $780, pay-
sarsSsSiJSSRSKt
Shawville •
Furniture store.
store
Men and Women
The Nattonsl/Star But Wing, Chicago
Montres!' XU1 Oloeed.
Uats Of
eiyerieiH» lequtred^but^lain^witUvs jprefcn-
THE PERFECT TEA
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE.
British iters! Oftoers
ORDBRED TO ifSTOH THE TRANSVAAL
BOEDER.
TARIFF ERRORS
the
All Orders Promptly
Filled.
rincer Tea
IN ITS NATIVE PUHITT
* Monsoon " Tee is peeked under the eunervinios
s. For that reesoe they see Chet none bet the freeN leaves go into Monsoon packages,
mm a
he
That àe why M
SUM |M
ft ie nut Up in set I . and sold m three
0

J. McARTHUR.
Slhs
» JiiK-sttisi r<sr.M5Ktis
Earn* Toronto.
ment, sod the extra duty comes out of the numerous consumers' pockets. It lies in the fact that in fixing the excise chsrgee
vour money or moral support. We went you to come and help us."
REMOVAL BACK TO OLD STAND.
Thirteen Desd.
I HAVE THEM I
Expresses. Road Carts. Buggies.
The subscriber desires to inform his old customers and the public generally that he has removed his blaoksmithing business back to his old stand on Main Street ( opposite nobody,) where he is now prepared to execute all work with which he may be favored in a most satisfactory
1 cent
A whole car-load of Buggies, Road Carts, Express Wagons, just received, which you are invited to inspect.
HOBSMHOinro -0
If you want a good substantial buggy, elegantly designed and well-finished, I can suit you. Call early.
JOBBIN0 A1TO BBPAIBHÜO.
Chargea Moderate
General BMsiitiieg.
on
per pound.
Milk, fresh, 2 cents per gallon.
Milk, preserved or condensed, or star
a» -- » - I
~5M not be good either Montreal Osz-	per lb ; sugar of milk, 6 cents per
I pound.
in
correct its mistakes, whether they arose from hasty action or a misconception of
A. SMILEY,
J LESTER.
Shawville.
Shawville, Nov. 9, 1896.
###PAGE###5###
A d»p*toh from M.Hwnrn^ Vio., Udiw,-SH the glw Ubbwta eold el Mis. I f
§sii liBs mm
?  	oeusd married Miw Jwn Morphy, who Proeew ot dw*7 er!<enU7 *»•
ÂA Isrthly Saviour tor llauklad.
Bead, Will You,
Brockvtlle, March 5th, 1807. Looking for Farms.—Mr 0. C. Mey-
.	ri*.k i/01!10 t,m.® hsve b®en er, Danish Consulst Ottawa, accompanied
troubled with Brights Disease. The by Mr. Chris. Jensen, Mr. P. W. Reese-
dootorssaid I oould not live three months, man, of the P. P. J. Railway, and Mr.
£}** to ^r‘ ^„eu 1 tiar,y Jones, of the Ottawa Journal staff, arriv-blet I am now fully recovered ; and «J in town on Wednesday evening last, when sees sick friend I always tell him Their visit had for its object a tour of to tako I early l ehbles because thev inspection of some of the farming lands saved iny life ! know tin y did. Sur- of the county, with a view to securing if fenng fnends, try them. It only took possible about 15 or 20 100 acre farms, an boxes to cure me. \ ours Truly, located aa nearly as possible in one block,
Harry T. bhirhidan. for a corresponding number of Danish far
. Clark, wife of a very re ner id the vielaity of Wilton,
UITANTID MVIBAL FAITHFUL MIN OB ? T Women to travel for reepwlbk erUNtefceA
Lime for Sole
•16 weekly
Uefetaa**, 1	____________________
The National, SUr Building, Chicago.
iJualrt£e. Freeh burnt Lime oooeUntijr
or 20 cents per bushel st THOMAS ---------- SHARPE’S lime kiln, Caldwell, Que.
on
Shingles for Sale.
1. J. JACKSON.
Twenty thousand first quality Pin# Shingles for sale. Apply to
died a year ago. He wae a town councillor and ooouppied many other prominent positions.
A Grail Colratioa ¦
Mia Rettery
Wednesday, Jane 9th,97,
J. 0. ELLIOTT.
tihawville, March 1, 1827.
SHAWV1LLE, DOE.
WANTED !
O—
louse & Sign Painter, Glider, Glazier, Decorator.
A Man in every district
where we are not represented, to sell our high grade fruit and ornamental trees, shrubs, berry bushes, hedging, roses, seed potatoes snd bulbs. Apply now and get choice of territory ; steady employment the entire year at good pay. Send for sample jubilee package of year old, transplanted gooseberry bushes for Fall deliveiy.
—In honor of—
THF ARCHDEACON A MR8. NAYLOR'S
Silver Wedding.
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
mere, who propose emigrating to Canada, it Is their wish that the presents should if a suitable tract of country can be found. the shape of Silver Dollars Instead of Mr. Jensen, who is a practical farmer and Silverware. The money raised to be used for la resident of Victoria county, New erecting an Iron fence In front of St. Paul's P. Brunswick, has been entrusted with the | Church.
I work of .electing these land,, end the | The Bend end Choir will b. In etteodsnce. Grade IV.—Benj. Gibson 1, Ethel course of his countrymen will be govern-Letts 2. May McLeen 3.	led by hi. report in thet connection. The _ Refreshment., Cream. Umooea., On-
w Grade 111.—Mabel Letts 1, Harold Danish farmers rank amongst the fore-1 dy'Ao*'
Thomson 2, Anna McLean 3.	moat dairymen of the world, and will
Oiade II.—Susie Lawn 1, Arthur Letts | therefore make excellent settlers if a de-
II Primer.—Dora Havlin 1, Howard I Mr. James Hodgins, on Thursday mom Smith 2.	ing, took the party to look at several
I Primer.—George Thomson 1, James farms in this township, and in the after Lawn 2, Willie Loken 3.	noon, they were shown others in the
Attendance. — Jos. Lawn, Susie Lawn | neighborhood of Campbell’s Bay. Iu Arthur Letts “
Susie
ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
Honor Holla.
ourtwo
NO 1, Ü. LITCHFIELD.
Grade V.—Joseph Lawn 1, C. Thomson 2, Albert «lackwell 3.
E. P. BLACKFORD A Co ,
Toronto, On*.
EST CLASS WORK* ANSBIP^AND SAT-
ISFACTION GUARANTEED.
FIREWORKS.
Gates open at 6 o'clock, p. m.
Admission 25c.
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
sirable location can be found for them. Come one. Come all.

COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
NOTICE.
FARMERS.
AS my wife. Emily Bristol*, has left my
SSBttt'rstt’iaS'ii I aS-Sar™
pressions of what he saw during his brief tour of inspection, the Journal reporter, on the return trip to Ottawa,
Dear Mr. Editor,-As I have not seen submitted the following questions : any notes from here lately in your paper, “Are you satisfied with the country V I thought I would send you a few items, asked the reporter.
Farmers around here are busy seeding, “I »m perfectly satisfied,” replied Mr. although the ground ie still very wet, and Jensen.
"“¦SSSbStSïi^EÏ:	„ 11»« a nice wortment of
this time in the home of Mr. Norman “I believe they could—provided the Tweeds and WorsteadS BUlt-Acrea, Mrs. Aoree and four of the child- price demanded of them was not out of ohlû for Rummer Wear If YOU ran having been atriken with the disease; the way. Our people, when they come	T
01,1 ‘Dd àSasa££S5’s
gome are wondering if O. had to give I “Under these circumstances then I his note, too. That little game was all I suppose they could not be induced to right with the buee and the cook but I come? didn't work worth a cent with
(equal) 1.
M Smiley, Teacher.
JA Lost
• I Summer Suits. I Opportunity
can never be reclaimed.
JOSEPH RICHARD.
Otter Lake
8th May, tr.
Thome Notes.
JUST RECEIVED
Car Load
o
lasser - Harris Machines.
Di
Drills
Rakes
Binders
Mowers
Disc Harrows
Broadcast Seeders
» i
covering.
I see W.
A. B. McGuire,
As to Style, Neatness, Good Workmanship and Durability, our suits speak for themselves.
"The Tutor.”
“Oh, I would not aay that. If possible I shall return to this county and spend some days in that locality and see what I can do. If I get a chance and I wa	• __	#(1. m M
z&m BSSttiSZ îr £ Business Cnange
The Chore Bot.
ShswvUls Oenaoll.
Council Hall, Shawville,	,	, „	,	..	„
mmm
Moved by o^n Ung, mro^ed 1^ ^ they blU kFnow the immense advent-
by ooun. Ling that aj bylaw be	use every effort in his power to have Mr.
levying a rate of ¦'> 4th» «>f ,cont,,*\ Jensen settle there and thus form the dollar on the total amount of the taxable ^ning of what is certain to become
terest and sinking fund for the year 1897.
—Carried.
The by-law was now brought forward read a first, second and third time
passed.
by ooun. Lang and seconded by
bill of William El-
Intending purchasers would do well to see the Massey Harris DISC HARROW, • with chilled ball bearings and steel beam, supplied with or without whiffie-trees and neck yoke.
Also, the new Massey Harris COMBINED DRILL A SEEDER, with force feed (true to name) and fressure springs. The lightest draught, and best Drill in the market, —
And the Massey Harris BROADCAST SEEDER, better than ever.
C. PRAMS
Fashionable Tailor, Shawville.
9
Shawville Livery.
tv-w ••	.	»i> ,* 7s
—: j ¦ The undersigned wishes to inform
KT°whn the citizens of Shawville and the
public generally that they have pur chased the Livery of,Robert Hobbs. By giving strict gtfcention to business and furnishing comfortable rigs and good horses, they ,Aope to merit a •hare of public patromge.
GLOBE
SAVING & LOAN GO
:o:
McArthur & Mi
¦i
AGENT FOR THE
Head Office, Toronto, Ont.,
Hassey-Harris i Crescent
BICYCLES.
Authorized Capital - - $10,080,800, Shares -
- - $108 each,
I My Advantage lie also yours.
These wheels are equal to any in the market, and can be had at reasonable prices.
Wire Works Close Down.
Manager A Secretary. —	— President.
B. W. DAY, . WM. BELL, JOHN FLETT,
An Intimation that the works of the Doml nlon Wire Mills Company were threatened by the new tariff, and that this manufactory might be obliged to cease operations, thus throwing oat of employment a large number of men and stopping another source of the diffusion of money In Canada, has occasioned considerable comment among those familiar with the Industry. A visit to manager Falrman on Saturday by a Montreal Oaiette reporter resulted In the confirmation of this report, end unless some modifications are
made In the duties affcetlng this Industry It fUDcmiBCSircK OF HD VISIT to the Ottawa |	nkeiy that the large and valuable
MriBÜ plant of the wire mills will have no other oc< Mr. Allan Mason of Ottawa recently cnpatlon than to collect the rnsts of idleness, received an interesting message from the A number of men have already lost their oo Priooe of Wales. Mason was foreman cnpatlon end It Is probable that about one for G. W. Usborne & Co., of Quebec, hundred and fifty employees of these works who was lumbering on the Ottawa river, will soon have to go forth Into the world to In 1860 when the Prince of Wales visited Wees a paternal government.
9^K| he was taken up the river, and at the Chats Mr. Mason presented an ad drees to Him Royal Highness, on behalf of the 20,000 lumberers and raftsmen of the •Ofepra Valley.	MÊÊÊÊEg
The add
and
short and ' Moved
ooun. McRae that the HBHPHIHH liott be settled by paying the sum of S3.00 in settlement of same.—Carried.
Mbsting adjourned.
J. R. Borner,
Sec. Treat.
I have the advantage over others In the Millinery Business Inasmuch as my stock Is ALL NEW and of the LtTBBT STYLES It le therefore to your advantage to deal with me, as yon have the choice of the largest and most fashionable stock In town.
A first class milliner |e now in charge
ËlifI £ g gWSSgat I Standard WaaHe»,
We re-trim old hats and bonnets with good wit^the following officers : effect	1
Vice-President.	^TÜli&lllS
Sewing Machines
Daisy Churns,
H Hobbs,
Mayor.
Plows, Cultivators, 56c.
A. Lyon, M.D., President.
J. A. Cowan, vice-President.
W. W. Ireland, Secretary and Agent. S. A. MacKay, Solicitor.
Any information required will be given by applying to the undersigned.
W.W. IRELAND,
Secretary and Agent.
Mrs. Jas. MoOredie,
VALLEY.
Shop opposite Pontiac House.
j T_____- mËÊÀij**
All correspondence attended to prompt

A. S. SMART,

--0000000000000-
AprU School Rsporta.
no. l, Bristol. Grand Spring
Grade IV.—1, Agnes MoOredie. Honors In	*	¦w#’
-,	Millinery -..
Wales."	.	, derivation, history, French.
Mason says; “ When we put in the a-Gordon Mayhew.	v/P6I11Qh,
** Long may you remain the i.—Lillie Thompson. Honors In history.	* |	w
Prince of Wales,” we meant it We were s.-Davte McFsrlane. perfectly satisfied with the Queen and wanted her to remain on the throne as long as she could.”
A fow weeks* ago Meson, thinking that ,
the incident (Wen bed, enclosed a copy of the address presented at the Chats. In the sooompaoying letter Mr. Mason said,
“ And I most loyally and respectfully ulate Your Royal Highneas this Year, that the wish we loyal rafts [pressed has been (thanks and praise to Him, Who holds the Uni* verse in the hollow of His hand) fulfilled.”
And to this letter, Mr. Mason has re- Graham, i. ceived s reply from the Prince’s secretary. N^eftfc;N/tUe <*»«'1 i DoaaM Kehoe. *;
it?; t. Ksm---
you refer. Hie Royal Highneea greatly |. willle Keboet . appreciates and thanks you for your kind Regular Attendance loyal senti menu, and he will not fail	N>tu<1
to make them known to the Queen.”	4
April 13, 1897.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
MoOredie 56 Sodgins, - - Proprietors.
address
A-Ullls Morgan.	' |
7.—John Cowley.	Having received an immense and well
Grade ML—1, Harvey MoOredie. Honors In assorted stock of Spring Millinery, I de
BBS I i l M ¦	sirs to inform the ladies of Shawville and
surrounding country that I can supply
th!akreh|Mthioe *** m*y reqQire	I Moulding s, Blindé,
piste , and up to date latest and most fash
AU kinds of Plaining and Matching
executed.
ms m. mm »
Sashes, Doors,
•,-Wll/wn ltaswll.
My stock is
braces all the ' I ionable designs
I have also on hand a large stock of • Ladies’ Blouses of the very latest styles.
goods is an inducement to
etc., etc.9 manufactured.
and
congrat
Jubilee
, NO. S, BRISTOL.
Grade IV.-May DeLtele, 1.
Grade III, Ar.—Minnie Gone, 1 ; Dors Gil- AT* In. 2; John Kehoe A	To
Grade III, Jr.-Emma Henderson, 1 ; Jas. I
;< v
therein ex
th
y

Building Contracts taken and Estimates Furnished.
Misa A. McRae.
David Gilpin 1 ; Lola Kehoe,
LUMBER ALWAYS ON HAND.
PROVENDER FOR SALE.
.-Emma Henderson, 1: Cone, equal, 1; James
OOOOOOOOOOOOO-
Robt. McCredie.
R. G. Hodgins. -
I. O. Mob a ISO*, Teacher.



	
###PAGE###6###
) Turkish luoKFORmnorrs.
| MUCH MOISTURe"""qUARANTRBS A
night with neven battalions from
Shipments of gold from New York to I	—	wer^^rpeoted* oi? °foflowing day.. _ _
Europe have c«minesnoeci again.	Bara FigMSag ai VelesSSae-Orewa l»rleeees » intend* to ueumc tihe defensive i ee**l»« far Ad veered la Nearly Bverr
Tha Dei Moimw river in town Is in- I sad tàe Ms»~~T*e Mampet# at larleea and lt j, considered that the Greeks	'	* “
un dating many towns and villages.	—Critical Pealilea el the dreefc Beyal jn ^truv have no alternative hut sur-
Üean French, vice-chancellor o< Syra- Family.	«ier.w^ lb* V*‘° Hafîi
~ ~.r “=mmidmsm mm =#==?#
msm
Mm
At the meeting of the trustees of Vruthrle Oklahorna. was flooded in Throe time* in the course of the morn- thus couu^lling them to go on foot moisture the season, if U* eywri-Quccu* University Chancellor H*ming	up (o (lw evw ^ the bouses	was	the aittaok repeated, each KUI1EM VAS11A SUrKHShUKD. enoe of tt* pant may be taken
announced his intention of giving ou	thr sudden rising of Uy Cotton- time from a different direction, and The lhuly Cliixmirle publishes a de- criterion, la a guarantee of a bountiful
SSa&mttse £&» *»&-jto-»-s»s£ kS3Jr^	_ «
made respecting am mai ni tion. have de- The tone of the principal commercial tacks should be simultaneous, but this TURKS JOINING THE GREEKS. **• W » lajge incr
Mwiww mm
I®»
:#### ###%.%
the garment.	|	u kin is mal,	him In two days	the Government declines to invoke the West Territories, though quite a larga
The Queen Regent of Spain le suffer- LIKE SISTERS OF MERCY. mediation of Hint». The King has percentage of the foreigners have gone
Jg %d% tih^1 aUBHtbT^L * °f beT "ew	I Keramoti and blow. up the railway | defeLe.	ll a prosperous .tat.
resident in Canada who goes to another country to secure a divorce, remarries, and retourna to Canada, is guilty of bigamy. Chief Justice Strong dissent-
MANITOBA'S PROSPECTS. '
WAR REARING THE END.
t.. the national debt baa been
B per____,_J_______ _	___	_
reduced seven and a half million* and t he euxpluA is nearly two and • half millions.
THE CONFLICT BETWEEN GREECE
AND TURKEY.
UN1TKU STATES
BOUNTIFUL CROP.
THE VERY LATEST FROM ALL THE
WORLD OVER.
t. I
Then llseal New iM«r«4
A despatch from Winnipeg eaye: — Manitoba and the North-West Terri-
AU Ferle of the Olete.
Ti
g
y
in the scre-
en
Canada tbie Dauphin district
young lady
remai of	HPPHHBIH
The wholesale grocery warehouse of H P. TVkaxdt and Cou, Front street, Toronto. was badly cutter by fire on Thursday. The low will tie in the neighbourhood of |75,000, with sufficient m-
The Governments of Chili and Brazil tunnel near Okdjilor, and that a strong NEGOTIATING FOB MEDIATION.
Hiss msm mmm
WÊÈgmÈmmmmm
EHhHBwM	£ EUROPE AGAINST BRITAIN p,"" “ to — t-,bh
against Mr. Ballard, on the ground that Russia at Constantinople have asked drive about unrecognized and thus	—	table. Over the greater part of its surfais son is a cripple for life.	£b® Turkish Government to grant avoid similar experiences."	FRANCS, GERMANY AND BELGIUM face change either diurnal or seasonal
The Government relief steamer eent	*D a™^tlce-	A CALL TO ARMB.	iv ALLIANCE.	is unknown. Three eighths of its sur-
up the Red Rivar to relieve the pea- The French language is now finally A special despatch from Athens say#	- face is deeped in perpetual glare, three
saffiassS	“sssi	f;: &&&&&&*
two feet of water on the floor. In a count.	Greece.	*"	Airlea Detrimental la ttermnn J a yvorld ûb dead.	i
house in which three to five families	Ismail Pasha, Governor of the Island	, ____ nio*CmnofIt! 1)Pa,nn,A«	lalerenu.	Interesting as MeorrAiry thus prove#
were living together sickness had broil-	of Crete, has protested against the de-	THB 1 ROUS liK 1REAT*	A despatch from London to the New	to be, the interest as regards the planet
eu out among the children, and on cision of the Admirals allowing food to The events of the past week have v . .	,	I iIsold is of a rather corpse-like chi
account of their being so many mouths be supplied to inhabitants in the in- served to further alienate sympathy I0rK ' UI n,t -	ter. Less deterrent, perhaps, is the
to feed provisions had run short. terior.	from	the Greek*. The story from La- The Daily Mail's Berlin correspond- intereat it possesses as a part of the
A distinguished French priest urges I f-w of U» feartui stnmpeds to and ent telegraphs:	Somewhat serious I life .history of the solar system. Foe
%%%%& ans atsre	Es»	xtsdSà	L'irssjsrr; % 'r «Sa SCL°te,t‘
colon isl troops.	Qlic unity	i* the sensation of the Jay/All the l*ent here. Emperor William is report- er it ever «imported life upon its sur-
mm#
^ monart Dy “ 1W lw tnan	. Eloft the grandson of Pro*-	that the Greeks are utterly demoraliz-	•• The St. Petersburg correspondent of	action wee very much greater upon it
dent Kruger who recently made in-	ed and incapable of withstanding the the Tageblatt affirms that France has	than on hear, and consequently produced
Admiral Sir George Willis Watoon, suiting remarks regarding the Queen, steady advance of the Turks.	agreed	to	the Emueror's scheme and it» effect more quickly. Mercury has
formerly commander of the British has been reinstated and appointed lieu- Tlbe reports of the fighting at Velea- it is further stated that Russian court long been dead—how long, measured North American fleet, is dead. He tenant of tin? Pretoria police.	tino come from the Greek side, and circles are extremely embittered by centurie* we cannot say, but prac-
wms seventy years of age.	It ie again rumoured that England are not thought to be as important a» against England. This is attributed to tfoally for a very long time. Venue
According to a despatch to the Lon- bas purchased Delagoa bay, and that they are represented.	the Dowageq Czarina having accused must have become so comparatively
wsmmÊËmamms
recent United States Ambassador to that a great battle has been fought at eral to divert attention and occupy
England.	VeleatLno, between a Turkish force of I General Smolenta, the Greek corn-	YELLOW DOMINO
MS.—s».*srKïïüc-jü:iœï1— »« •	« - —- ™ i»........	-
Son. and sated that the Colonial Of- repulsed with enormous losses	in atw.’NQ “yB the Pal1 Mb11 Gazette, one young
lice had no intimantiom of the Jameson The Czar entertained Emperor Fran- 1N1 BREST CLNllth. i.n AlHt-NS. woman WM th„ sensBtion of the even-
2? Jr?Keph at * magnifient banquet in At tie present moment interest cen- lng Bnd created no end of interest and I A de.spatah from Ix#dom eayst-The
îsuttfw'KÈsü'sæïJ..«	r"*l:-rïrr ?*:H	ssr nzmm
ml States will retaliate for the Dom- health, and declared that their aime Royal family is evidently most critical, and her clever mode of disguising her ticent on the subject ol the nunoui In ion tariff by removing the bonding were in the interest of maintaining the The ohsmge of Ministry is an eloquent Identity. She was dressed in a yellow that Great Britain has purchased Deprivilege.	peaoe of Europe.	zigu of the weekne« of King George, eBtln domino Bnd OTW thUl were	logos Rey. and will fortify Inyak W
IBM
of the herd increasing, and without ex- vnnrcment.	prophet.	glovse completed this interesting cos- it&lMa are taking advantage of For-
treene care U will diminish.	—   •- I Z NEARING TEE END.	tume.	tugal's necc^ity to drive the »*st bar-
SsSvhky cam with bstHBimBl nnamently or temporarily of Delagoa
PLANET MERCURY.
Like	II Use Utg Been •
ing
* Werld
The latter are the more pro-
GREAT BRITAIN
ooet of the
it was sixty years ago
THE TRANSVAAL TROUBLE •
PURCHASE OF DELAGOA BAY BY BRITAIN RUMOURED.
B
Nuke a Htnienienl- Inynk l»l«»d In Be Perilled an n Bane ef Supplies.
raid
Mil
•j \lï

A member of a Victorian sealing
pmCüt « London, saye the
Urn»Ion rxf tLfc one aéâeoü ÎS7 seal fish»ng;* as propceed by the United gtstee. would ruin the Canadian ind
try
Six Mlflftaw UickarBeach, Chancellor ial Parliament Trade has 'jmmmam

###PAGE###7###
«
À MASTER OF BILKNCB.
THE CIRCUIT RIDER.. w. M ^	~
__	(or hue lew. We know thst, If you ere
“BS»"1"Iff-oESsHaîr
4 wonderful end Immédiat* otretlfi It relieve* la one minute; It
t to the taete and
remember
•too BBWABD $100.
The reedere of this payer wtU he DlMMd Ig **rn that i h ere Is nl least oae dread wl disease hel eWerncm has teem able te rare la ell lie leges, emd thee Is Catarrh. Hall* Catarrh
diiVA-SMl.-..
5 fsajsxgjttBsiMij.
acting direct If a pea the bioM and muooue ear
face* of the system. thereby destroy lag the foundation of the disease, and giving Use pal lent strength hr bill! ling up the oonttitutjon and aealstlng nature la (Mag It# work. The proprietors hare ee much faith la Ite curatlvp powers, that they offer Oae Hundred Dollars for any rase that It falls to ears. Send for list
of teen» on 1*1*.	__ _ .
Address. F O. CHENEY dt OO.. Toledo, a


Silence is gulden, but s " g II linin'* msn Is more wearing in the long run then a garrulous one.
Among the few; who have a perfect genius for aliènes Is a certain well-known artist, whose reticence le (he amusement and wonder of all who know him.
NEW&2C MACHINERY
baa
tu*
T OH ONT O C /WiAÜA.
WM Often tas «Eg** Ln five. PI
6ml ltHühtp-TM siery ef Orne Isr ths beet known remedy for pain
b«B
A friend who bad dropped Into him studio one day was vainly endeavoring to draw Mr. H Into conversation, whoa the artist's brother appeared in the doorwaÿ,
lMlr>, Tom Î nald the brother.
H«*llo. John 1 returned Tom. looking up from hie easel with a am il e.
Juba pandered about the room for f if ten minutes. 4 turned over his brother's latest work, and then, toward the door, stopped long to say, Well, good-by Tom ! UÊÊÊ
Good-by, John I was the hearty rejoinder.
Tom painted on for some minutes, and then, in an unwonted burst of confidence, be said warmly to his amused friend;	,
I tell you, I was clad to see John! Haven't seen him before for a month.
NO DISCORD
From the Simcoe Reformer
Id the early dsye of Methodism In Now bluebird pipe# hie mue to mild#
Canada the gospel was spread abroad We love him—to be frank in the land by the native exertions of Because Ms notes are never filed the oijruit ride-. It required s man of Anaimt us La a bank, no ordinary health and strength; an Iron constitution and unflagging determination to fulfil the arduous duties , —--==. _ . —	—
incumbent on one who undertook to | DOOTOfIS RECOMMEND reach
t was no easy task that these men eet themselves to. but they were strong in the faith and hops of ultimate reward.
Many fell by the wayside, while others ggled on, and prospered, end a few
.AtX SB | Ceylon Tea
reward will moon be theirs. Most of these old timers are not now engaged In active ohuroh work but have been placed on the supersnuated list, and ere now living a quiet life in town or on a farm free from the cares of the world, they await the call to come up higher.
Kev. David Williams, who lives two milea southwest of Nixon. Ont., In the township of Windham, Norfolk County. was one of these early days circuit riders. He was a man of vigorous health and although without many advantages in the way of early education he succeeded by dint of hard and constant study in being admitted to the ministry. He wee the first born in the first house built In Glen Williams near Georgetown, Mr. Geo. Kennedy, the * under of Georgetown, being a brother of his mother. To-day he is 70 years __	old and for the past 28 years has lived
..	ip ¦ i p»ai	fhmm Kami* ^ this count y. For ma n y years
T— •'	ïrdner .nd°	.. t1il _	. .	.
Cream of Tartar	One half ounce, He tned all kinds of remedies, and al- The property at 'present owned by this Company consista of a
Lukewarm wstar	Two gallon* though sometimes temporarily relier- group Of 1TwKLVE MINERAL CLAIMS having a combined
Dleeolve the * agar, «ream of tartar aad yeas ed he gradually grew worse until in of about SIX HUNDRED acre» Si tuated in the great
HSXfc ISIiïSliïSiïS:	KETTLE RIVER MINING DIVISION of British Columbia.
%Zk%%3wSdWW&TslUlZe	f/sï* recovered Me powers of speech
The faehionable Italian poison of the	can Da obtained la all drug and grocery stare#	Jj®* h,n mind was ba lly	wrecked, and
XVI iwinirv	wuh	a uua	Tar fa rut	It	la 10 goal bottles to make two galle a*	hi» memory was so poor	that he could
j i	Î7 ,	a .I*	—	not remember the name	of the person	...
wee u»ed by the medicls and all the	Is noted that with Mme ** whom he wished to speak without garding this property i u I feel that I can
finit families Rome, Genoa, and Hirs*a f 1.800.»H) the total ammmt of thinking intently for «venal minutes, recommend in the highest and mort posi-Naples. la five yesrs MeWrisa. tell	the Eù»$ d^Uke^lU.WO.OOO.	2"	tivc manner the property	f this	company
US, uv^r ()0U wivtv* used iu to make wk	a	VETERAN» STORY	next	*° h*m fcxr	twenty years,	as an opening for the investment	of capital,
Mss * «MME ÜMS 555g?*38
have asked in vain for an antidote. George Lewis ef Hhamekin. Pa., writs* : *1 and behind the ears, acr It is the uraemic poisoning ol the blood, “u	to?'***¦ 1 * * b*#“ treebU4 «r cart of the skull and
rtttstSTîJUi SESÀEReSSSfSS
filter from the bleod. Is allowed to re-	pleioly, and It glass ms great plsassrste reoom	sleep	was almost	an Impoesibility,
remain In the circulation and course	-nd it to sU «uTerlag^om t$iU maUdy.^	and^ h^ fe ^ a way hrweghf ™tU he
through the body likw	Sarah Bernhardt has always had a time, Deo. 1895, he became despondent | tent of B C. mining properu
"Accursed Hebe non . . . whose effect morbid dreed of fire, and this has led and felt that if he soon did not obtain
Holds such an coimity with blood of her to direct that all her stage dresses relief, he would soon bid adieu to the __	_
man, •	shall be made of fire-proof material, things of this world. On the 20th of This Company possesses one of the most comprehensive charters
Thai with a sudden figer It doth poaaet	---- Deoemby he reed of* oure in evef issued. The Articles of Assocition are particularly designed to safeLike LgeTdropeing, into milk. FAST UNE TO NKW YORK AND	a iuSE guard the interests of shareholders, and the management is composed of
The thin and wholesome blood."	FiiiLAUssisrHiA.	inspiration at onee wrote to Brook- practical miners, thoroughly up in every detail of the business, from the
. 25S,uhr^. ¦u.’TYii ™,“L~ «Jfwiax vjSa t&'yss: aw* tz&stt ssstst «•«¦« <* »	«<	»• ¦*»
and apply it. It is sold under) the name	have the first through train servies be-	lowed their use and he has improv-	is in operation, and who are flow giving their special	time and attention
of DODD 8 KLDNHY PILLS.	tween Toronto. Hamilton. loodon. and	ed wonderfully during the past year,	to the interests of the company.
vtiSvySiSiiErti:	estizrts is-^ïà	Kyrrstsssr	<v
neys, so that they properly perform	buffet sleeping oars. Time two hours	pain and Ms memory is nearly as good	whose stockjzfecommend with the utmost confidence.	Ireasury shares
their natural functions. It is the only	ahead of all other lines.	as it ever was and as the improvement	ABSOLUTELY UNASSESSABLE. Present Price	:2&c. each, In
* St	srsas; sss? « s?ssi	<**• «[ ¦=»
where, and the Dodd's Medicine Oo., brosses er Cortlandt Sts., in close 20pounds in weight since loginning price without notice.
L,&.TÆ°âS- St*, c,.. zsr’iCî 5?, jïsr .œs s.	itLvaz	rr.^«™.	».	.P,u«ti»«	u
says:—"For a number of years have sleeping oar accommodation via Le- dorse the many good things said of ifured severely from Rheumatism high Valley route, at all Grand Trunk these pills in the papers, and strongly and Sciatica. Was induced to procure offices.	recommend them to any one suffering
ESgf doeeo boxes of Dodd's
Pills which I have used, and from Lord Roberta, rom monde r-in-ohief of
being a cripple I am a well man." the army in Ireland, m an indefatiga- builder and nerve restorer. Tfheysup-Mr. Tboa. Harrison* St. Mary's, N.B., hie cyclist. He may be eeeo any day ply the blood with its life and healt h says:—In spite of all other treatment pushing through Dublin streets.	giving properties, thus driving disease
I suffered for nearfy a year with Stone	.......	from the system. There are mimer-
of the Bladder. I waa relieved by pa»- nm PAIire LEAVE IE A DAT.	pi
D^d'.beKid^ pan u,;s ^r,tei°/	SSTpu*
cured by a few boxes." , ,	T ouble—Indneed te Try Dr. AgmeWs boxes the wrapper around which bears
Mr. Wbl McBveia, 278 Fnel 9t., Ot- Cure for the Heart, and It Proved » the full trade mark, "Dr. Williams' bawa. says:—"Two boxes of Dodd's Kid- Wonder Worker..	Pink Pills for Pale People.'' Refuse
nev Pills have worked a wonderful cure Theee are the words ef Mrs. W. T. Bundle. all others.
6d5	ZZ* pm SÎ&36Î!BS5
¦St *J23!S, tiSîfe U& nQ— SKSStSilfc theWUw! r f“ and* l‘-!S	^ANY A SLIP.
of Dodd's Kidney PL Is have cured me the result w»e wonderful The p*ln immed- It im settled, Mrs. Myly, that your of Dialer tvi from which I suffered two lately lef. me, end after theflret day I hare daughter is to marry young Bullions? vLnT'	had no oaln or treble elnce."	Not at all. There's nothing more ser-
---—	lous than an engagement	(between

r
BKtiSPSb
7&c.
going enough
FOB TWMMTT-HBVmie TEARS.
A Baths Me., boy is the proud poenee mar of an autograph letter from the Queen of Holland. His Inter eet in coins foreign postage stamps won the royal favor.
DUNN’S
BAKING
POWDER
w
I ration to his fellowmen.
I
locti
him
A

THE WABASH RAILROAD.
If you are contemplating a trip to the gold mining eider the merits road, the short and true route ris De-
tSE «........................
In the K
etru
ONLY
PAOKKTS
sre
please
Wabash
oountry, of the
con-
rallr
WoodaVhoio.Im.kviau x
I l JOWI S I N(..V‘
6 H IO ADI I Aim V H lOMMO
ioago and St. Paul, to all pointe Kootenay diet riots. Passengers leaving Toronto by early morning trains reach St. Paul next day at noon, where direct connection Is mads for all _ in the gold field». Quickest ancf beet route to Hot Springs, Ark., Old Mexico, Californie and all western points. Tickets and time-tables of this great railway from any railroad agent, or J. A. Richardson* Canadian Passenger Agent, Northeast corner of King and Yonge streets, Toronto.
THE COOK'S BEST FRIEND
LARGEST SALE IN CANADA.
A QUERY ANSWERED*
Anxious questioners ask, "Is there no sure cure for corns? ' We are glad to be able to tell these sufferers that l'ut-
lieve them in a clay, ând extract corns without pain. It never fails.
FULL OF GINGER.
Anything exciting about a horse show Dasher?
You bet. Everything goes with a jump.
ints

Corn Extractor will re-
RATHMULLEN
Consolidated IVUning aqd
Development Co. Ltd.
John Bright, though a Quaker, kept a diary, parts of which hie eldest son is going to have published.
POISONED BLOOD.
Dreadful Death-Draught Dome: from
Diseased Kidneys.
When Erie Aeld Flew» la the Velas, Life
Mr. C. E. Hurr, of Spokane, is most emphatic in his report. He says : M I say absolutely that in my opinion better properties exist in the Province of British Columbia, or claims more sure to repay the Investment capital, than the above group owned by the Rath-mullen Oon. Co., Ltd. I have examined group closely, and my investigation has brought me to the Conclusion that at
least Six of these Twelve Claims Will make mines, while ore undoubtedly will be found on every claim within the group. I have not during my thirty years1 experience in Western America examined a property that I can more emphatically recommend as a safe Investment than the property of the Rathmullen Con. M. & D. Cot, Ltd., North Pork of Kettle River, B.C.
Harry Gaoxr, Esq., M E., reporte re-
can
no
1 s i
this
There are at
few- |,cast ***	through
age. iVavê been üèebled I ejr part of the skull and in the joint this property, varying In width from Six
lu“f b“î I <* Deck. He bed greet weakne«110 One Hundred and Thirty-five
The Rathmullen group will
feet
rank among the best ae it is
at present among the greatest In 61-
Mi'
WILLIAM C. FOX, MINING BROKER,
21 ADELAIDE ST. EAST TORONTO.
•u
as I was."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are a blood
Sweden Cold Mine I
Capital Stock, $500,000.
nk colored imitations, against public Is warned. Thegen-Pills can be had only in
the
In shares of $1.00 each. Fully paid and Non-assessabla
It is said that Ras Alula, the great | them Abyssinian chief, began life ae a groom He ended it by freeing* his country
A PENNY’S WORTH OF LIGHT.
•• nickel-in-the-elot
A WORKING MINE,
ram
The papers are ful
By mean» of a machine * attached to a gae meter, a French inventor baa rendered it possible for Parisians to take a penny’s
worth of light when they want it and pe paying for gas that they do not want, or do not get. A ecu, equal m vaAue to two cents, is dropped in the slot, and immediately the gas begins to flow. When two cents’ worth of gas h*j» been burned the flow autoimu i nl v ceases, and if the consumer wants more light he must put more money into the machine. The inventors think this device will suit people who want to know exactly how much they must pay for their light.
Itching, Burning Skin Diseases Cured for Thirty-five Cents.
Dr. Agnew'e Ointir eut relieves In one day and cures Tatter. Salt Hh» ¦«»». Scald Head, Bcxrma. Barber»' Itch. Ulcere, Blotches and all eruptions of tbeekln. It is soothing and quieting and act* like maglo la the cure of all beb/ humors ; 85 cents.
of deaths from
Heart
And a sure dividend payer. It has all the necessary buildings, Board-j^clllllTG | *n£ House, Blacksmith Shop, Shaft House, etc. Three shafts, one
nearly ioo ft. deep. 5 large veins already opened up, all rich free milling quartz, which is being taken out and placed on the dump ready for Stamp Mill. „
It is surrounded by several of the best known Mines in Rat Portage District, namely, the Sultana, Pine Portage, Norway, Triumph, and the Haycock, and only 7 miles from Rat Portage with every facility for
economical working.
William Phillip Schreiner, the At- I tarncy General o/ Onjpe Colony, is a | brother of Olive Schreiner, the move- #
Of course
HI
iiMiififumu
the heart fails to act when a man dies,
, but 44 Heart Failure," so called, nine
Deserves all the good things that are • times out of ten is caused by Uric said about it. Tt is the coming min- ! Add in the Hood which the Kidneys
•one' discovery ï°no? mîde | J* *	'Tf
vthing that has preceded ! the heart until it becomes unable to
•et Ion of the Red Moun- j perform its functions, makes direct rail con-
neotion between Spokane, Wuhùigton ] Hwdlh Officer, In many tides very
«2,2Sra.™&'uESf- «s i
eigwflWi are mode to best advent» age by using the Northern Pacific Railway to Rpokana. Capital is pouring in-~ . I I to this country in a constant stream.
üaLTsSüjMd I I A man can get pretty much anything s«r entoid mhartwl I he wants—a gold mine, a silver mine, ifcrwA •*!*•¦*¦ »wi-1 or down lots. Don't wait too long boIT *rv»0*«.l for» you go. Write to Chee. 8. Fee,
M#a&u 111» r»| (tonoral Pawwnger and Ticket Agent,
-,it wwk trouble | I a* Ani, Minn., or L> Geo. W. Mo-
«w York 8t., Toronto, or Thou Henry, 1*6 St. Jeune» St., Montreal fo# the best map and folder oi» the region
list.
:
:
THE KOOTENAY COUNTRY.

region of the west passes that finer than it. The comp Railroad
ing
Few
PRACTICAL MANAGEMENT.
The Company is formed on a business basis, only $500,000 and the Treasury stock is nearly one half.
100.000 shares only of Treasury stock (Fully paid and Non-asses»-able) is being offered, proceeds to be used for purchasing necessary
Machinery, Stamp Mill, etc.
This stock Is
sure, BUY MOW a IURI OIVIDEMB PAYER.
Ths Following Telegram Has Just Bern Received :
« struck rich body of ore. AVERAGE assays Forty On# Dollars,
CHAS. B. CARBERT.
Secy. Sweden Gold fifjjie.”
All application for stock, subject to Increase in price, to be made (a '
WILLIAM C. FOX, Mining Broker,
ai Adelaide St. E., Toronto.
/ps,
a n
tarn
:
Women
IIUOY LOT AS
ure,” as a cause of death» It is fee-
• .III
physician, or may be given to cover
for something safe and for the Sweden will be
up the real
is going well. If you are looking
COMPOUND six
NUIT (Ban.) VIGSTASU 00 ‘ and HIM EammMve Wi
( Signed)
THS REST CURB.
Mr. H<mpeok—Doctor, my wife tells • f I me you have advised her to go to the 1 I seaside for two months.
gjggsSSS**
eliminate it.
Mr. Heupeck—Do you think she needs rest f
Physician—No; but you do.
t
###PAGE###8###

London House, p§ü££KS£^2
I About 1500 people were present. The	o{ strength,
crowd which thronged the building, y ^ jfo. {for ordinary laughed and chatted and admired. All jg fo, best dollar medicine k I M the ladies present wore the choicest of _eoid bv druggists, one Dollar per box. spring toilets, and the gentlemen almost jf0 g for special cases—10 degrees without exception were in evening dress, stronger—sold by druggista One"box, The meet notable of the stall holders was Three Dollars ; two boxes, Five Dollars, the Duchess D’Uses, well known for her No. l, or No. s, mailed on receipt of many charitable and philanthropic ao price and two 3 cent stamps tions, and the stall over which she pre |	The Cook Company,
sided was almost at the front entrance to the room. The Duchess was selling art works, and was surrounded by the elite
HjWffijfc
OTTAWA AND SHAWVILLB,
HEART

eases
nown
We have been in the front rank annihilating high prices, and have given the people of Pontiac values unsurpassable. We are bound to hold our position as the leaders in low rices for first-class goods. Read the following price list and
e convinced :
AND
NERVE PILLS
Windsor, Ontario.
I
Dry Goods. Dross Goods.	At
Printt for 6c.	the loose hanging curtain. In a moment
the whole stall was in flames ess shrieked and ran from behind the counter, tier assistants followed.
The next stall was now in flames and panic reigned in the building. No one knows exactly what happened in the stall after it caught fire, and but a few minutes
At all Druggist*. Price 60 cents per Box, or 3 for $1.50. Sont by Mall on receipt of price. T. MILBURN A CO., Toronto.
Clothing :
Men's Blue Serge Suits $1.96.
Men's Tweed Suits, S396.
Men’s Tweed Suite, S3 36.
Men's Tweed Hulls, #8.96.
Men’s special all wool Suite, 4.60. Black Coats and Vests, 5 00.
Boy’s 2 piece Hulls .75c.
Boy’s 2 piece Hulls, 11.00.
Boy’s 8 place Suits, 11.95.
Boy’s 8 piece Hulls, (1.60.
Boy’s 8 piece Hulls, $2.25.
Boy’s Special a piece suite, #2 75. Boy’s Special 8 piece Suits, $2.76.
The Duch
D? Wood's
Prints tor 6c.
Prints for 8c.
Prints for 8c. 10c. 13c.
White Cottons for 4c. 4*. 5c. 6. 7, 8, 10c.
Embroidery from 9c to 8&c.
Dress Ulughs me for 5c.
Apron Ginghams for 7o.
See our special black Cashmere. 45 Inches | elapsed before the whole room was in a wide for 25c.	I blaze. Instantly there was a stampede
mean
Terms cash and one price only. | üme the flames had set fire to the gauzy
dresses of the ladies, one setting fire to the other, as they rushed terrified through the room in the hope of finding means of
Manager Shawville Branch. I escape. There were eight doors leading I .—
¦	from the building to the street, but aa
usually happens there was nothing to in | ; dicate where those exits were. The tire, too, had broken out near the front por*
Pasturage.
jjoRWAy
f>iNrarRU|!
rpiIK undersigned desires to Inform the â public that he Is now prepared to take for pasturage, at the Hchneaux. any number of young cattle and horses, at the rate of forty cents per month for yearlings, and fifty cents tor two year olds and up. Horse* the same. The boundary fences or pasture have been repaired, and It Is the Intention of the owner to remain thereon during the summer •o that parties may rely upon having stock regularly "salted” and otherwlne look ed after, In a satisfactory manner.
WALTER E. ELLIOTT,
their
('ash Price allowed for Eggs.
T. W. ALLEN,
Farm for Sale.
CURES
LOTS 9 and 9 In the let eon.. Township of Clarendon, consisting of 400 acres; also 60 acres In the 2nd oon. Brick and stone dwelling, barn and sheds, horse stable, carriage •bed, granary, and other ontbulldlngs erected thereon. Premises well wooded and watt «•red. Good stand for burning lime further particulars apply to the undersigned on the premises, or by letter to Hhawviil© Post Office.
ROBERT STOREY.
Victoria Bridge Contract.
Couchs, Colds,
r	! Hoarseness, Asthma,
_ _	—	- | outset wildly to the back, where for a mo-
....Montreal May 5.—The contract for the ment there was no possible means of es Victoria bridge at Montreal, which will
dSTS,rsKisi JAK,s:slbd7ff^khAoLih:| throat and luncs.
s—H
.àîüSaiïi zr A.	Æ
¦ educed hater.	interfering m .ny way with the operation the hotel when they looked back could	CANADIAN GROWN. Outfit free. 8»1-
of trams over the bridge. The work eee their mothers or sisters or brothers or •¦dites °*	hundred inveniiuus wanted.	ary paid weekly. Write us for particulars
will be commenced within the next sixty friends being gradually enveloped in the	........... and secure exclusive territory.
days and will be completed within eleven all devouring flames.	PELHAM NURSERY CO.,
or twelve months. This contract will in- Meanwhile the scene within the build-1	Toronto, OnL
vulve the expenditure of money some ing WBe terrifying beyond description.!	| Mnrch 30th, 1897
thing in the neighborhood of $1,500,000 The whole of the stalls were ablase, and
—	the people were crowding up every exit
P&ctorv Closed snd fi8htin8 ®nd struggling tor dear life.
J Women, fair, lovely and beautifully
dressed, fought and screamed in their agony. Some of them with smouldering dresses were knocked down in the wild For some days past a rumor has been struggle and trampled under foot. Some circulating that McDonald’» tobacco fac of the men behaved with great heroism, tory would close down owing to the tariff endeavoring to raise those who had fallen, changes. Enquiry st the company’s office only, in some cases, to be beaten down on several occasions failed to confirm this and trampled upon themselves. It was a intelligence, the officials declining to make ecene terrible and awe inspiring any statement. Thu large establishment As soon as the fire hi>d sufficiently ex* employs over 1000 persons, a population hausted itself for such purpose the work of which might constitute a good sized town; removing the charred remains of the vie-therefore, the possibility of its discontinu, tims began. Some were burnt beyond re-ing operations has caused considerable I cognition, rendering identification impos
ÏFWFÏ Ï FRY 8P€CU'ati°n Among the tobacco trade and sible. When Wednesday morning came jtTVLLLLni elsewhere in connection with other mat- HI bodies had been removed from the
ters of trade disturbance now attracting ruina. Many charred fragments of bod popular attention.	'	were also gathered up, showing that an
A reporter called upon Mr. We C Mc I indefinite number of others must have Donald on Saturday evening in reference I perished, to this report, when the following short | and decisive conversation took place :
44Is it correct.” Mr. McDonald was
I "ked, “,het Joiir factory has been oblig I Havane, April 29.-Gen. Ntcholaa del	,	. ,
| ed to close down oring to tariff ch.ngea?" Rey haa been recalled to Havana from	SU-Cll Î1S LllA
.1 “Ye., the factory haa been closed await. Santiago de Cuba by the order of Gen.	,	^
Bill » Hier Elitlrit e.RSSScSF51-*S.-2S?»=« "SS&StSS1
The factory will remain closed until The details of the battle have created s	rw	** j •
the duties are adjusted. We cannot act sensation here. They show that the	OI irOHtlA,C
Leave Aylmer for Hcll.	I wilh certainty until we know what the Spanish column of 2000 men was utterly
A M.—6 30. 7 30, 8.15, 9 00, 9.46, (^ove”,™ePt intend to do and see the tar* put to rout by the dynamite bombs that	P6Q H1TG *
' ,ff ¦¦ * » final|y passed.”	exploded, and instead of ten soldiers be	^	e
In response to further questions, Mr. ing killed as in the official report,200 were 117,1	^,1
McDonald was not disposed to discuss the blown up by bombs, and 250 were slain elopes	C ards
tariff items, saying he had stated hie post*	by the insurgents during the confusion	Letter Heads	Tickets
T%a*KÆZCïZi	SlStZ' Tb.",Lmiînti"Ü."	Note Heads	Fly Sheets
its third reading, and modifications might	placed in a road on which the Spanish	Statements	Circulars
________________|Bm Heads	Posters	...
lent emnlis the einplnjM <.flhefectory, TyANTeD_SEveB,L FAITHFUL .SN OR	,	,	Dmp III Slid get OUT priCOS
S	before makins 'vour
*. iCdlpJZZ' 2. .Jïr?Hh. 1SrKeifasssrsusT* ™™H-1 and at the lowest purchases, it win pay.
iS, S£z OzZS Wanted-«n Idea ' hvmg' Prices.
Ira:: -	|
sending a delegation to wait upon the Government
OTTAWA
BUSINESS COLLEGE
DOMINION BRIDGE OO. AND DETBOIT BRIDGE CO. WILL IX) THE WORK.
For
Bronchitis, and all
DISEASES OF THE
cape
March »rd. 1867
Men Wanted.


JOHN KEITH, Principal,
148 to 154è Bank St., Ottawa
Arthur Smilev,
1
Undertaker, Embalmer and Funeral Director
Where ?|„hJc«
Why at
THE EQUITY I ^	^
SLVÔ
McDonald’s Tobacco
ONE THOUSAND EMPLOYEES IDLE AS A RESULT OF THE TARIFF.
SH AH VILLE - . QUE.
o:
All ORDER* WILL RECEIVE PERSONAL A ITEM TION AND SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
Call at the
Telephone No. 3
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
of course.
( OPPOSITE O. P. HODOINg' STORK, )
SILAS YOUNG
PROP
Wheeled
iee
etc. etc.
PRINTING
- - Rigs.
A complete stock of the above
always on hand at
Four Hundred Spaniards Killed.
*s
o
Main St. - - Shaw ville.
JtE/’A I RISC A SPECIALTY.
Best value and lowest prices in town at the old stand
—of—
TIME TABLE
JOHN BECKETT, SR
10 30.11 16	P.M.-12 15. 12 45, 1.16,
I.	45, 2 15,	2.45,	3 16,	3 45,	4 15,	4 46,
6.15, 5 45,	C. 16,	«45,	7 16,	7.46,	8.15,
9.10, 9.60. 10.30.
Leave Hull for Aylmbr.
A M.-7 30, 8.15, 9.00, 9 45, 10.30,
II.	15, 12 00 noon. P.M.— 12 30, 1 00,
1.30,	2 00,	2 30,	3 00,	3 30,	4.00,	4 30,
6 00, 5 30,	6 00,	0 30,	7 00,	7 30,	8.00,
8.30,	9 10, 9.50, 10 30, 11 15.
•f
Main St, Shaw ville, Q.
Car* run dally, Sunday* Included. Close connection* are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and whh Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly bundled.
H. H, SPENCER,
JAMES McLEAN
Managing Director
Wealth
Why send your orders away when you can get just as good work at home ?
For Sale or to Rent.
BRYSON, QUE.,
Another Consignment of Millinery.
The north cast quarter of lot No. 7 in the fourth range of the township of Clarendon. with buildings thereon erected,
containing 60 acres, more or leas. Terms On Tuesday of last week fire broke out WJ-	io & crowded charitable basaar in the Rue
For particulars apply to Hugh Mathe- Jean C«>ujon, Paris, at which the Duch-son, Shawville, or E. S. MrKRiaON, Three earns D Uses and other well known patron-
Rivers, Que.	eaeee were preaent. Many people were I l»diee of the surrounding country for the
I 'SrLzzr. %%.h,r ~
The managers of the basaar had ar
ranged the eUlle eo as to represent a Another large consignment of millin-street of old Paris and it was opened on w/ goods it expected to arrive about
Monday, an event which m greatly th. let of May. It will be of intereet looked forward to id aociety. The proceeds of each etsll were devoted to a asperate charity. The stalls were presided over by a number of the most distinguished ladies of the city, including many of high rank and position, and these ware asaieted by many equally wall known eiety ladies.
80IENTIFI0 AMERICAN, I»y of ,.«•	i i.
PI-hebsheeb p»K^aeK?5r
BSSm ox fatshtb 'SSt ftVTSdSS	meblu material, was converted into e
y uNW A _CO.,	seething volume of flamee within fifteen
1,1	Hew tot*.	i einntee from the time the fire • tailed.
Dreadful Calamity at Farts.
MANUFACTURER OF
Sawn Lumber, Laths,Shingles, Dressed Lumber, Clapboards, Mouldings, Doors, Sashes,
Blinds, etc.
ânilCDTIOC l8erel1 ******' Turaleg, »»* 1*
MU V til I lot I fact all kinds of Builders
WITH US.
WHAT TO DO.
Mrs. McKenzie wishes tj thank the
When you lose an article, or have anything to sell, or wish to buy something,
eo veAite*
CXPKftIKNOI.
#

Supplies turned out.
Custom Sawing, Planing and Matching done on shortest
notice.
to the ladiee to inspect this lot, ae it
OOOTUSOMTO
Hats, Bonnets, Flowers, Feathers, Lewes, etc.
mi
THE EQUITY,
SHAWVILLE, Q.
In A
or-
Builder* Estimates Fnraiilei oi
Application.
PRICES TO SUIT THE TIMES.
Panel Boors frost $1 up. ether
Mrs. McKenzie.
materiel .yroporUonately low.
i


