###PAGE###1###




%
«
No. 12.
19 th Year.
SIIAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY SEPT
12, 1901.
£1.00 a Year
in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAT
LOCALS THAT PAY
Sixty pair* Oil Wu Moccasins just In AH No, stock, nt Stewart*»—tho Shaw ville Boot and Shoe Store.
liei'l OflkfJ .. .. Capital BUberrlhed paid up ..
Host
8^XcKZneFmnth,l,V Ut **"*
OTTAWA, CANADA
.........
......... l.fiVS.fMO
. .	.. .. LlkAU.'A
AUTUMN.
OF CANADA.
CAPITAL - - . *8,000,000.1	;	....
Kill,I
r, for man, wo-in any nizc or KhajH*—at
Hoard of Director» :
Charles Mauee, Esq., President.
Georoe Hay, esq..Vice-President.
& I reserve fund, -
By. & 8. S. ticket agent, Arnprlor, Out. I»ubb2r M 0,1,1 of the colei «rated Granby
Having an office fitted with the latent	Wrtr‘l J«rt iwkfoT it'at°tho
and most approved dental appliance*, snawvl,lî ,$<><>t and Shoe* Store.
Dr. MacGregor is in a position to render If you want photos taken of voar the most effective service to patients. <“*"1 advise you to take them early in Rooms over Rudd's Drug Store, Am prior.	* ,l'iy* 1 vun Kivo you better satisfac-
A call solicited.	Uon'	H. I muson.

Head Office, • Montreal#
OBOROEBUÎIN D. M. FINNIK
General Manager .. .. Manager,
The steady progress of our business in all departments is positive proof that business methods are right and that our goods are always the best in the market.
Branches *
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln. Kempt vile,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
do
*"8HAWVILLE BRANCH,
chil
Alexandria, Am prior, Avonmore, Bracebrtdge,
Carleton
» .
Hawkeabury,
Lanark,
Parry bound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, do Bank fit. Renfrew do Rldean 8t. Toronto, Vankleek Hill, timlth’s Falls.
IN MANITOBA :
our
Monty loaned on approved eeturlty at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to sll perl, of the world. I be at Bryson the first week” of’each	midZhat value y%u recelé
lars and upwards and Interest allowed. I - 1 ¦
OFFICE Hours .
Saturdays . .
*$0000-6'
Dauphin,
Winnipeg,
Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC;
Hull,
¦¦¦I* Bhawlnigtn Failli
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago-Dank of Montreal.
Agente In tit. Paul—Merchant* Nat Bank: Agents in London, Eng.—Pane Bank Ltd,
In view of the increasing popularity of Tailor-made Cos-
giving special attention to this department, We are showing for Fall and Winter trade a splendid range of
Montreal,
Laebute,
tumes we are
10 A.M.T0 3 P.W
QUYON
PERSONAL
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager,
The County Stone Crusher is now I Xe0, Archdcacon Naylor went to Mont-
working full time at the Quyon. There real 0IJ Tue8d*y. is a large gang of men attending the ma- Mias Lefty, <,f Bryson, is visiting chine and a number of teams drawing Misses Sarah and Jennie H origins Clar-and spreading the broken atone on the endon Front.	’
--—mEFS-BSBE
Mr. It. Walsh has hie brick yard in	m-	i t	timuu * ,	.
operation with a full staff of men, end is	Lmi	,	V •	.took	in,tho Toronto
¦	H	turnlg out good brick at the rate ofgJXW Tueadav	' WUCk’ ltiav,nK100
¦¦¦¦¦	¦¦ The congregation of Holy Trinity P r hour. He «ill loonhavea large kiln Lu.nil(	0,1 ^Atunlay
For strength and purity,	Wilson’s flour	Church,	Radford,	will	hold a	Harvest	for hurt,iog.	m	f
leads.	Made by	an	up-to-date mill, and	Homo Festival on	Wednesday,	8ept. 25, Harvesting around here ie ab^ut com-	.	Mr!*'	, •	‘°wcrvilk\of Pembroke, and
experienced miller.	in Mrs. T. M. Hodgins’ grove.	p’eted. There will on y he about half hcr <ln""htvr Mabel, were visitors last
g— .	,	. the usual bulk of straw to be threshed at Mrs. John Brownlee’s, this vil*
Mr and Mrs. H. J. Black mourn the n w v	n/f’ 8A\®Klman f°r f^e in this auction this fall. This work will aKe*
tx sys.Tjt-sss asfir-'&Mi'œîss	- - - -d-
infantum	and organs at the exhibition here on the	*-"=*- 12ÜZ/ i i ’	, , ,ne Centcr' who sue-
A M. ..............« » mh- “d ",h “t-	GREERMOUNT.	SÎ $SStiSl KZtZTw
for sale at this office. Well finished and Tor Sale.—Having a very large crop of	- teach the Lower Litchfield school.
fitted with combination sight,. Good	wiKv25'î2%tt^Y 'M W*
1 dispose of thomf at the rate of $2.60 ..U ï. J K tendance. We wish per single ton or two tons for $4.00.	Mac* Arlano and her pupils happi-
Wm. Adam Hodoins. ness and success in their progressive
The council of Shaw ville have complied I CUVhe Rev B W Aiwr.11 n n
that Friday Uie*20th lnsL% doclarcTa of Trinip Church« Shelbourne, V , has I {£*ua: *ho ^ ***** of Mr. and Mr D C Healv of Smiths Falls civic holiday. The main object Is to af- fetuined home after spending a while l:18, ,,ol'v,f Hr re 11, left for Ottawa on
horses should read the	notice	on	this	quested to keep the fact in mind, as btisl-	M " j R M ' . wi / , ,	,llJa T
oaize todav	nee# will be suspended in Shawville for	, Mr. J. B. Meyer, student in charge of L }nc funeral took	idace on Tuesday
“ /e -	=—	the day. Everyone expects to be “out for	Leslie, assisted in the service on Sunday, Ia8t of Mrs. W. B.	Lathur, who has
Mr. U. Q. Horigins has	received	the	a time"	and on Monday left for his homo previous I ^een Buffering from an	incurable disease
ESSSESS
new building 1m, a Hat roof, the sheeting fm||cr Pt££ Dauphin PiL, Thkls , 'J8 hHVe h*d (lai,y rain fnr a while ,SilbUttth 1»*t "hen she jmsed away. She of which with galvanized iron will lie tin N, ul* Clarkson When L !.	'*ck’ neT6rthe|e«H the harvest i, well in !kavoe » husband and family of six who
i* i*mis«
One day recently a bird travelled from	.	_	_ °™»- fce^on M^y Lt
swelling the attendance considerably on IL_	I Sept. tHh.-The farmer, here have at we«k f,,r the same firm.
iJsssus	-*=?--
oML-sfï^r; Zz; z	«5 ^ *1,°-^ — - «-"*
zniïiïsz'-stz	“5F-ïr Çc,, mw JBl
hat, and if the competition is any way a very serious nature until shortly be- w! ^	, 18 N18,t,nt5 her mother Central Canada EXfybltlOn and Duke
""	ofCormwallandM'sW.
Mr. Walker Fletcher, of \arm section, business at present carried on by his RJ	'.vn,	n 1CH ,ia< rolled him up in
returned home on Saturday from Ot- sons Messrs. Willie, Archie and Ernest \	^ was fuimy to sej lnhi crawl
taw a, where for several weeks past he Macfarlane, and bore the reputation of be-	t	.	V.	°°r ÜI} y uurs* . . .
has been under the treatment of Dr. ing a just and upright man in all that that	J	*iloa "ore driving out
Pratt, for" affections of the heart and I term implies. lie was generally admir- , youn8 gentleman a few evenings stomach from which he had been afflicted cd for his integrity and high moral char-	n° 'îas ^ P*?1: (meeting
for some time previously. He rejiorts j acter, as well as his kindly, generous ^1 .>r 1 » txl, a,a®, 1they Instructions have been received from h s condition much improved.	disposition. Ample testimony of this U	mg nr t ie i'"ws. f he old chap John King, Esq., of Kansan, to sell by
Oilett Portraits, something entirely new, his memory, by witnessing thesolemn cere-	g for tho ®OW8 at midnight. Upon Kentucky trotting stallions. Among them
and will never fade, and without a doubt monial of depositing his remains beside conscience the poor creatures are an are a lot of well matched pairs, which
assri* jsr-siic »•%,"" ~"41” - •	=• F- Usasfjfsc
....
'	"mins forth0 Li tell held burying ground »Ir. Evan, Pitt left on Monday morn-|	The King stock farm In Kamsas
The special services, parish dinner and ] about half a mile distant. The Rev. Dr. ! intr for* the minns nt fiUUh/wi/	has been raising horses 37 years, and has
V. cn* A|C^( Naylor 8 p*»towteof and t,n>k part.	cIt!^,ne,l P'e* Unci prosper, you will be missed by a 'man an his experience with race horses
the Parish of Clarendon, and also the sent were : Rev. Mr. Waddell, of this I large circle of friends. Especially will taught him to be careful about bone dis services which followed in the same con- tillage ; Rev. Mr. Black, son-in law, vour manv admirers of thJ «..«Ha «.v ease8* 1“ selecting blood mares and
though s specially busy tune among tIn wi.h a profusion of flowers was borne to Mr. Cochrane left on Monday for Sud- draught horses that will weigh a ton, farmers, there was a good attendance at the grave by the six sons of the deceased bury, to work in the woods for John with legs ns round and big as a saw log. the Parish dinner, an event which —Messrs. Robert, James, John, William, Ostrum	| w ith feet as large and flat as a soup plate
of anv held this season. The weather from < Htawa and enabled those at other Mr. George Clarke has been appointed This Sale will be conducted by Auc-was delightful and everyone seemed to pointa along the lino to be present at the Sec.-Treasurer, in the room and stead of tloneer J. J. Turner at the PontiacHouse fully enjoy themselves. From the re obsequies, and thus evince their eymp* | Mr. Arthur L Spinks who has resigned ,im* will be strictly without any reserve
se£*“«r Z a	*s sm s ass. hJfe raffiMftXTO
over ISO w« nwliied.	and c .ndolence,	1 enow fiiee.	J. O. P. I	-D. C. HEALY, Manager
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Ladies’ Tailoring Fabrics
Several cases of diphtheria are reported in Beach burg neighborhood.
All accounts owing to thin office for I Dmtl A- Modgins is prepared Job printing are requested to be pa d at | csr”®S « «1 kinds at moderate rates
Consisting of Broadcloths, Venetians, Friezes, Homespuns, Serges and Tweed Effects
in the latest shades.
These Goods are the lat* | Stylish dressers cannot est demands of
Fashion.
Our French Blouse Flannels
In Plain Stripe and Embroidered Effects
are correct and great sellers.
to do
afford to overlook
them.
gun for target and «porting purposes.
Mr. Richard Howard and Misa Harris, youngest daughter of Mr. James Harris, ,n!l of Clarendon, were married at Arm prior on Wednesday last.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
iiui
Wil
oc«
Mr
. .......1 Mrs P.urhige and family, of
Ottawa, and Mr. I». J. Masson, of Ka
a/a
Have a looK through our Dress Goods Department. You will see New Goods and may pick up some useful information.

no
J. H. SHAW
F,
P. S.—Ladies’ Mantles in a few days.
, was
Reduced fares on the P. P. J. R have
1C
SPICES
>
We pay particular attention to the selection of all our spices, and we are very careful to buy only the purest, and having the necessary knowledge and appliances to detect adulterations, you can always
rely on getting only the purest Spices when you buy from us.
AUCTION SALE.
out
WELL-BRED
WESTERN HORSES!
30
CURRY POWDER,
ALLSPICE, MACE,
TURMERIC, &c.,
will be needed if you put up your
Pickles and Preserves.
t
on
own
are
Give us a trial and see if you are qot
pleased with the result.
THE DRUG STORE,

:.. Shawville, Que.


P. S.—Imperial Tripple Strength Vinegar.



V

###PAGE###2###






SOME FEATS OF MEMORY
her. nnd «peaking with great earn-
Bob is the dearest, kindest, sweetest old fellow in the world, but ho has his faults."
"Like all of us."
"One terrible fault in particular— he is horribly extravagant;. Not wilfully wasteful, you understand^ he has no idea, 1 think, of the value of money. It positively runs aw ay from him ; and now, you know, ho is in an expensive reginutit. it is here close by at Aldershot, and ho can't help coining to town."

> •> > •> ?> ?> ? ? ?	'X



estness
*.


k
THE MARVELLOUS MEMORIES OF GREAT MEN.
V
HIS
¦i
o

Tho Untimely End of
Joseph Bcvae.

>
9
•t
ndiÉ
v
V
•>

?
ILL-GOTTEN | WEALTH.

v
LoYd Macaulay Was Richly Endowed—Theodore Hook's Feats of Memory.
V
%
?
but


m
i •


8%
M
A
X
:

X
V
ffS
It Is to bo feared that there is much that is mythical and more that is exaggeration in many of the commonly accepted records of feats of memory; but it is not necessary to go outside the limits of the world’s greatest men to find evidences of feats of memory that arc sufficiently astonishing.
Verb ups no Englishman has ever been more generously endowed with the gift of memory than Jx>rd Ma-cftuley, with whom it is scarcely an exaggeration to say that to read a book once was to remember it to the end of his life. Even as a child of seven lie had mastered the world's history from the Creation so clïcctu-nlly that he was able to write from memory a "Compendium of Universal History.”
In an incredibly short time ho lmd "at his fingers’ ends" the language, literature, and history of Greece, Home, France, Italy, Spain. Holland and Germany; and could quote pages from any given author of any ol these countries, and ho could reel oil with equal case a Prologue of Plautus or a scene from Shakespeare; one of Cicero’s orations or a tragedy ol Kncinc.
It required remedy an effort to illustrate his own writings with "images and similes from po« ts of every ago and every nation; shrewd thrusts from satirists, wise raws from sages, pleasantries from humorists; characters from ploys and novels, from Plautus to Walter Scott, and figures from history, ancient and modern, sacred and secular.”
Niebuhr, the great historian of Ancient Home, had a memory which has been aptly described as "prodigious" for he practically never forgot anything


V
?>
S
v

!

1
m
\
x
SYNOPSIS OP PRECEDING Portuguese about that time. They re CHAPTERS.—Securities vanish from Jnüt in a very large way of business, t tr< ng room of Cundeleut, Dandy you know."
laid Waldo, bankers. Mr. Tasks of _______
Scotland Yard is called in to solve holp me Mi
There are two k< u i to go to them yet
show my hoi d.”
"I’ll send a confidential round if you like ; they’re obligations to us, and if they know or remember anything they'll la inly tell. However, we shall su comu.back in half an hour foi
from Goldbeater
amid Sir Richard, who was resting on his oars, as ho pointed over his shoulder with his thumb to the other boat.
Josephine nodded.
"Exactly, lie and Helena
are dr\olid to each othe.....t t1
1 think anything can come of it But all this running about
t understand
%
r
?

»
1

n
llow shall 1 find out ? Van you
Linmiinf 1 don't
It might
1
B
9>
ü.


E -
/
\t
XYahlo
the mystery
to the strong-room—vue held by Mr.
Waldo, partner, the other by Mr. Surtees chief tv shier.	This latter
has two children, Bob and Josephine. He reproaches Hob. who is ini extravagant subaltern with pirations to the hand 1 -Waldo, for having consumed his sister's dowry to pay his gambling Surtees is suspected of the
>



clerk
under



4K
9
you
has led poor Bob to • pend .1 more money than and 1 know it vext*

/



know groat <lv i ought
father

ho
iv r

&
as
».
! m
my
A
il

of Helena
the
V
;rf U/ 1*4'
M ' >/ HR
A1 lev
"Hut how long has this been gone- on
"For the last two or three years
answer
Everything depends upon what llig gins and Stumper Kay."

WA\
theft, l'aske questions Mcggitt, the assista nt-cashier.
f

I
ut least.
"XVvll, but that would not explain this most recent increase of deprrs-which vou say you have noticed
a#
CHAPTER VII
this
\
The XVaides wore very keen reason, about t hea t rical performance idea once started token a practical shnfw) with ha nee of becoming an assured sue-The girls were all fond of nct-thoy were promised the arsist-
Uob Sui levs.
CHAPTER VI —Continued

giving aii amateur
And the had promptly
every
sion
in your father. Is it possible you think, that your brother has given any special cause for annoyance very lately ?"
"I can't say—at least, not for
from my which has been
>^r
do
Yes, we can force you to spouk.
to stand
Meggitt. You wish well with your employers. You come in the bank after Mi
Mi
tiie newest royal portraits.
Victoria and the lHiko of Cornwall s
sui
next
The King and Queen, with Princes i
chi idre#
i
tee
cess
ing
aiicv of tiie Barashes sweet as ever on Helena Waldo
really, cxc< lient
Sir Richard Haunt had consented to
to oblige t iara as she but because pretty Josephine Surtees was included in caste.
which seals my lilis-It would be so mean to
should
but 1 fancy
certain
"It's that Mr Fnskc.
‘round’ on a man whom 1
probably succeed
"You’ll never
father’s manner
with Bub, that he had
CELEBRATED PENS
OUR DAILY FOOD
more severe
to pay a large sum for him not long ago."
"That would account for the change in Mr. Surtees, no doubt. He is probably afraid that he may have to do the same* again."
"That is why I want you to speak to Bob, Sir Richard," said Josc-
1 le is so easily led.’’
was
for an amateur
Many of Them Have Been Used for Signing Important Papers.
be cashier if
you
hang back now. you may take your
said the detective, Its far more
Said to Have Deteriorated in the
Last Few Years.	The pen with which Her Majesty
There can bo no doubt that during the Queen appended her sig-U.e past deendef ood has undergone] nature, signifying the Royal a* a steady degradation, and this cvn- sent to the Australian Commonweal not bo without a demoralizing inf'u- sent to tho Australian Connnon-encc upon the human race,,says the wealth Bill, was presented to her by London Lancet. It will be noticed the Hon. IT Barton, one of the Fed-that by far the majority of cases of oral delegates, together with the inktampering with food relate to the stand and the table upon which she substitution of a cheaper article ra- signed. The pen was one of the ohither than to the addition of an in- ] fashioned quills, and will be handed jurions substance. The common de- down from generation to generation fence is that modern conditions of as a precious relic of the Aceomplish-lifc make substitution a necessity. mCnt of Australian Federation.
It is difficult to sec the logic of such The ex-Kmpress Eugenic h«.s in her a defence—at least, in a number of possession the famous pen with instances.	which the important Treaty of Paris
It is urged, for Instance, that jam was signed by all the parties thereto, or marmalade cannot be made with- Curiously enough, each of the four-out the addition of glucose which] teen Plenipotentiaries was eager to prevents the preserve from crystaliz- keep the pen with which he signed ing. Now long before glucose was a put at the urgent request of the Km household word jams and marmalade ; press they all signed with the same were made--and very good they were,1 pvn, and agreed that she should reconsisting entirely of sugar and Lain it as a souvenir ol the historic
told I occasion. This. too. was ft quill,
play, not
thought.
that
oath of
with great decision likely that the firm will think you re
!*, and in the swim, make up your mind at whether you'll stick to Surtees the bank. Look sharp about
the
a pal of Surtees You must
these
Fnskc’s
bc< n ori •• igotl theatricals, long before Mr.
the Albany, a ml Sir Hic h
They had
phme
once or to
it, for I’ve no time to lose. ’ l’nskc took out ins watch t-sUn
visit to
M
1.1 nut I..VM the potent meaning in Ins voice ; I only wtsh Josephine wns casting I might claim to be much more. Latterly he had an add,- Will you not give me the right to
«ri?» n. a
thus an opportunity of observing but her heightened colour, and Nothing much, although in your | ^,r Surtees ami could follow up the silence which came over her tot it
it may lead to a menltll in(|Uirv whether the cashier rest of the voyage
was an innocent or guilty man	Sir Hi chard that he had not spoken
They travelled generally ^water,	^ tl0at-fth().ul thc
pulling following conversation had boon in progress :
"What's thc matter, Bob ?
cried gaily, as she had taken her
you stem very
Or misled



tatiously.
• i'll give you five minutas
So now you know."
cried Meg
not a
you
second more
•'You’re a hard man
with a ha f fit ;:a
thc whip-hand of me
i
IIF, HAD ONCE SEEN
nd
gitt
you’ve got
The fai t is, 1 overheard a few words
t hat iv d betwt on that day you came to the bank. It
missing Fortu-
Whcn, in 1700, ho returned to Denmark and was appointed assessor in the East India Department of the Board of Trade he gave a remarkable proof of his powers of memory.
One of the account books had in strange way disappeared, and the department was in a state of
Happily, the book
the partners
us-
^v as about some guesc bonds. '
sunt, unit cause hv cc ¦
over him
some
and you remembered wluit
asked you Y—put
Ah
that
Mr. Surtees had
' and two together and Ficcisely."
b there nothing more ?
con rnatlon had come under Niebuhr’s eyes and he was able from memory to reproduce every figure in the missing accounts, a feat which borders on the miraculous.
In thc light of this performance Theodore
t\\
the
too
home, satisfied
In the same way we are
fruit
that boor must be brewed from sugar put it was drawn from the wing of a and that brewing exclusively front golden eagle, and was richly mount-malt presents untold difficulties. c,(j with gold and diamonds. It is Again, golden syrup, which used for- always used by the ex-Kmpress when merly to be the refined syrup of mo- F|1C writes about her deceased hus-1 asses, consists largely now *>f arti- \
ficial sugar, which is doubtless a ] oni Danger is the present owner more marketable product, but it is 0f t|lc pcn with which the Treaty of not the same thing as cane sugar. Vienna was signed. It is now used Yet, again, we are told that the for t|io purpose of signing the regis-public demand a perfectly white loaf ^cr when any marriage takes place of bread, the truth in reality being in tiie family. Thc pen came into that machinery has produced a roller	possession of Lord Bangor
flour which is an inferior thing to the tprough all ancestor, who was sccre-now, we suppose, extinct stone-mil- tarv to L^rd (’nstlcreagh. led flour. Instances of this sort when Queen Elizabeth signed thc could be multiplied.	death-warrant of Mary Queen of
We could wish that nil those keep- ^cot8 the pen she used on that occa-ing house would make up their lsion was appropriated by a high-minds seriously to return to the ex- jpjacc(| official.	It remained in the
cel lent custom of preparing many | possession of his descendants for a articles of food for themselves at jong time, but was finally sold /or home. Who does not admit the A CONSIDERABLE SUM.
charm of	poWn to the end of his life thc late
wrote with a
hands, Mr. Easkc great deal more.
With that he went into his
bed
unlocked a small iron safe which lie extracted
Hook’s feats of memory appear quite common-place though Theodore cut a very undist in-guished figure at Harrow and Oxford it was from sheer indolence and not from any incapacity 1er learning; for Ills memory was so astonishing that by merely glancing through a page of the Latin grammar or Xenophon he could repeat any word with perfect accuracy. Later in life he astonished his friends by repeating half a column of ‘Times’ advertisements after one reading; while after a single walk through a mile of London streets he could give in order the name of every tradesman on
drifting leisurely Bob in the bdXvs, Daunt stroke, and Josephine at thc holm.
Sometimes, however, two parties were formed, and they went up-strenin for a spell instead of down, scat at the stern
the dull.”
Al-
room from
scraps of white paper "There ;
several
lîcl-
will those bo of any use
to you ?
Faske took the bits, turned th<
ovci one by one, and	then pieced	on these occasions they left	.
then, together on the table.	After a	pair-oar at Kcw, and Sir Richard,	Bob shook	his head,	ns	if i p-
long and patient examination lie laKing a pa$v 0f sculls, rowed Jose- pressed with unnumbered woes, observed. quietly—	phine alone, whilst Bob Surtees ini "I've something	on	mv	nm,d,
"it's thc contract for	thc	sale of	anolhcr bont escorted Helena Waldo, something	awful,	he	said	gloow-
thc stokfci bonds, llow did you come qqmt sportive young lady enjoyed ily	,
bv it ?"	nothing bet tog than to steal out of "Don't look like t tat. Bob ; you
"By the	merest	chance.	I	will	tell	. lh(1	)U)i.sT after	the	rehearsal,	and	frighten me," cried thc gay madcap,
A day	or	two	after	the	row	at	fol,ow thc Surtees	party	down	to	across	whose bright buttertly-Iiko ex-
? ho	river-side	istcncc	no shadow had fallen as yet.
th0	1	• Well,	don’t tell me. that’s all. It
will keep for another time. ’
"It won't keep, Helena. It must
I fancy you care for
ena
you, the Lank I went into the cashier: box*—you know, the glazed compart
tho corner nearest the par
delightful t et c-n-teles It was in one
X
more
can well Le imagined, of these delightful
which encouvai confidences, that Sir Richard begun to question Josephine about
adroitly utilised opportunity which she had given
the route.
One of thc most wonderful of authentic feats of memory is credited to Maglinbechi, a Florentine man of letters, who was librarian to tho Grand Duke of Tuscany. It is said that Magliabechi could instantly verify any quotation from any book in the library, selecting thc light book and page without a moment's hesitation.
OYi one occasion one of Ids friends lost the manuscript of a book lie was about to publish, and was in terrible distress at thus losing the
FRUITS OF YEARS OF WORK.
Happily for him he had shown his MS. to Magliabechi, whoso memory of it was so remarkable that he was able to reproduce every word, of it
astonished and delighted
ment in
Jour—to speak to Mr. Suite
stooping over his desk, reading something. I saw at once that entrance had put him out. He seemed agitated—upset. As I stood there about to speak he took oil" the d thc piece of paper at which he had
|nd tore it up before
He
expeuitions. thc interchange of
r
come out now me, Helena—
"Fancy ? Oh, Bob I"
"You wouldn't if you knew me as I am—if you knew what a worthless, unprincipled, beggarly brute I am. But you shall know now. this very instant, and when you've heard all, if you only tell me. I'll tie a weight to my heels and throw myself into , the water, here on this very spot. , Then there'll be an end of that con-him- temptible cur, Robert Surtees."
"But, Bob. you'd be drowned !" "Drowned ! It's too good for me. I deserve to be hanged."
"Why, what have you been
Helena asked, half tearful
wa
my
Mi
HOME-MADE BREAD
Earl of Beacon afield
ssesutss xv.isri? rsrs R%=v..
wheaten flour, containing thc entire collection of !>cns used by famous nutritious portions of the berry and ] writers. Amongst them are one of possessing that delightful wheaten Tennyson's and one of Brownings flavor now seldom, if ever, char- Swinburne’s and Hardy s, as well as actcristic of bread, is difficult to ob-j fifty or sixty others. Thc collection tain. Thc bakers' loaf is, ns a rule, ! also includes a quaint inkstand a tasteless, insipid article which re- ' which formerly belonged to the late quires a considerable appetite before Hubert Louis Stevenson, the idea of eating it can be enter- | Thc pens used by Charles Dickens
No wonder that thc taste have always been in great demand, broad is steadily diminishing, | A gold one which he had used for and undoubtedly less bread is con- many years realized £40 sumed than used to be thc case. As A number of pens used by 1 nomas
bread contains almost, Carlyle in writing various works are
Svrtec s. J le had
an
him
been looking
T am very unhappy at about my fathci ‘ 1 do m l think he is well."
"Why do you say that ? Sir Richard.
times she had said ;
m y eyes.
•Without remark ?
For tho moment he
asked
was
"Quite
too confused, as 1 thought, to speak. 1 went on with my business without pretending to notice anything wrong and then 1 turned to go. At that moment Mr. Waldo whistled for the cashier through the tube
the glass box together, but 1------"
1 sec. Simple! Anything
of spiYits
to Le out , quite unlike
"He seems and depressed self."
this very
Have you noticed
We left
long
)
do-
"Fivc or six weeks or more."
Tills period coincided pretty closely with the date given uy Fnsko of the discovery of the robbery. it was terribly significant.
"Has he generally enjoyed good health ?" went on Sir Richard.
"The < : y best can’t make something on his mind."
"Doesn’t he ta kg you into his confidence ?" and Sir Richard, as he said this, felt that a man could have happier lot than to share his inmost thoughts with such a sweet woman as this.
"There is nothing probably to tell me." she replioJ.
"Rut have you any suspicion of anything wrong ? Has nothing happened to vex or disturb him ; lias he any particular worries in business or about his private affairs upon his mind ?" Sir Richard looked keenly at the beautiful face before him, and saw that a faint flush suffused it as he spoke these Words he hastened to say,
1 know, to put such questions. No right but that of a friend who takes
interest in anything that
ing ?
doubting whether she should cry or be cross
you’ve been flirting—making love to some one else.”
"It’s worse than that shaking his head worse."
Returned to it
for his
minded more ?
young man
Oh. Bob, I do believe
friend.	—
It has often been asserted that Jo*
Scaliger, perhaps tho greatest scholar of modern times, committed the whole of Homer to memory in twenty-one days. i lie truth appears to be that he read Homer through within this time—a different feat from remembering
that is nil. upon my word/ perhaps, after all.'
thoughtfully
No
eph Justus
"Not much said the detective • 'Still, it will heip, perhahs."
As he walked home he pondered thc strange facts elicited from
Could he
," said Bob, sadly. "Far
tained
for
till latterly. I it out ; ho must have
"Bob ! Impossible."
"I have been stealing."
Helena in her surprise, gave a genuine shriek of dismay.
"No, no ; not what you think," hastily interposed Rob Surtees. I'm not n common thief, a burglar, a low pickpocket. I'm I’m a mean spirited beast takes and spends and wastes money which docs not belong to him."
"Isn’t that what they call, you
ovei
every element of food necessary for still preserved with other treasures existence, but we should be sorry for at his house in Chelsea, thc person who tried to subsist en-1 The Right Hon. Sir Charles lhlke tirclv upon the modern uninteresting is said to have in his possession the loaf made from blanched roller mill pen with which Lady Morgan wrote flour.	[her famous novel, "O’Donnell." He
It has recently been stated that thc prizes it very highly, and would degradation of thc teeth so notice- scarcely part with it for a thousand able among us now is due to roller times its weight in gold, milling having largely supplanted A pen which belonged to Stone milling. We should not be sur-
Thc degradation of food is serious matter and is bound
tho unwilling cashier ¦	I
Identify these brokers ? He looked
in at Scotland Yard and consulted a
Higgins and
There
very
all lie had read.
Perhaps no one ever knew Homer more intimately than Mr. Gladstone, whose memory was as vast as his intellect; and it has been said that if every copy of the Iliad ’ had been destroyed ho could have produced every line of it from memory.
The memory of Thomas Fuller, tho famous divine and historian, has passed into a proverb, and many markable stories are told of it.]g several occasions, after listening t<> n sermon, he repeated every word of it; he could repeat several pages of a*dictionary after glancing through them; and on one occasion, after walking from St. Paul's to Tenu le Bar, lie was able to repeat every sign on both sides, beginning alter-natclv at each end of the journey.
Lord Randolph Churchill's memory was so remarkable that, after reading through n lengthy Blue-book, ho could repeat the substance of it from beginning to end. including the most intricate statistics; and the late >>il-liam Morris, thc poet, could give W—~ context to almost any line in any of Dickens’s novels.
London Directory Stumper, Goldbeater Alley they were, sure enough ; those were the people who had sold the Portuguese bonds.
lie went straight into
no
far woise. that
thc city.
i rst tiling on Monday morning, and called upon a friendly stockbroker, a member of tho eminent firm of Dimming and Cornecup, for which ho had once done some very delicate
Charles
Lamb was once sold to an appreciative American for ten guineas.
At thc prison of St. Paul, at there is a somewhat grue-collection of pens
know
"I mean which belongs properly to some one else."
"1 can't say I see much difference. I'm not very wise, perhaps,V went on Helena.
"Of course, I got this money from my father. He gave it to me know."
prised.
a very	I LI
to lend sooner or later to tnc degradation of tfic eater. No movement could confer greater blessing upon the people than that which aimed at bringing about a return to the older and more rational methods of preparing food. Let us see more of the home-made article than we now see, let us return to more palatable food and to food that will do more good than the machine-made staffs and the endless series of substitutes. In all the schools throughout thc land we would have the children taught the advantages of home-made food, and how that bread, fruit, jam or even beer and cider can be made at home. It would encourage a spirit of industry. it would give us palatable and nourishing articles to cat or drink, and might have a. very wholesome effect upon those who seem deliberately to attenuate food as much as possible or who pay no regard to its naturally endowed palatability.
ir-
on
Lyons some
condemned prisoner is handed over to thc executioner to be guillotined that official has to sign a formal receipt
For this purpose a fresh pen is used at every execution and great care is taken that the ink is allowed to dry upon it. this strange fashion a considerable number of pens have been accumulated, which possesses quite a fascination for thc morbid minded.
work
When a
airily remarked -Mr. Limming, to whom wo have already been introduced what brings you here ? 1 hope I’m not vdur worm."
• No, sir, but you can help me to I think. Do you know any
You're an early bird
"Pardon me,
I have no right
Well
you
for the doomed man
"And did he ?—surely he didn't Was it his ? 1 mean, had he more right than you to take it ?"
"It was his own. of course father is as honest as the day. Dut it ought to have been kept for my sister. And now l have had it— spent it—swnllowc.l it all up."
with bitter self-reproach Robert Surtees made full con. He told the girl of choice everything—his wild career of extravagance, the trouble and noyance he had caused his father tho misery he might bring on sister.
a deep
gives you concern."
Josephine was silent for a time, and sat watching her hand as she listlessly let it lmng over the side and drug through the flowing rent.
any well, to
him
thing of Higgins and Stumper ? "Goldbeater Alley ? Yes, to what have they done ? They've been dealing in
In
be
my
sure
stolen
cur
tonds
"What stock ?"\
"Portuguese."
"Not Waldos ? Yes Well, l am surprised "They were stolen by the cashier
of the bank."
"Old Suit pcs ! That highly epcctablc iv m ! Conic, Fuske, that's going a lit Jc too far.
"Stolen," said Faske, emphati-und sold by him to Higgins
she said, looking
Sir Richard
"you like Rob, don't you ?
Imi ci
What was the meaning of this sudden question ? Did it imply that the brother was connected with Mr. Surtees* trouble ?
"And he liken you ?" went on Josephine.
"1 think so, yes ; indeed I hope
Then
up
Is that so ?
A BIRD WITH FOUR FEET.
still to be found in South America, is a relic of bygone ages crested hoatzin, and the adult bird is about as big ns a peacock. The young birds, when hatched, have four legs, thc front pair being reptilian in character and have strong claws; as they grow older these claws fall off, the legs become fattened, feathers grow on them and they develop into wings. These nestlings are the nearest approach to a reptile that can bo found among birds, and
swim with great facility
replied Daunt

young
fession

his
This little creature
nil
It is known as the
re-
lus
THE SUN SHRINKING DAILY.
Sir Robert Ball, lecturing at the Royal Institution, dcclnrcd that the
sun is getting smaller every day
It is 9 inches smaller to-day than it
and tho contraction
There i»
It is terrible, Bob. But don’t be
said light-hearted Hel-wc have plenty of money ; you tell all this to papa, he'll soon make it all right."
But it is to be feared Bob tees did not find as much consolation in this liberal promise.
(To Be Continued).
calJy
and Stumper. I've got the contract In my pocket."
"For those very bonds ? Are tho numbers entered on thc contract V That’s very seldom done.
"Well"—Fasko was looking at hif ehoestrong. and seemed a little dis*
concerted—"noBHHBBHBHHU not given but I’m morally certain they’re the same bonds. All I want Is legal proof."
"How will you manage that ?" "By tracing the bonds sold." "That won’t be so easy Higgins and Stumper may have kept the number# ; and, again, they may not. The onlv chance for you Is J.hnt did »V otb r transaction"
cast down
so
said Jose-IIo thinks
"Of course he does ! plane, emphatically, there is no one like you, Sir Richard—l have heard him say so more than once. I do wish you use your influence with him
"My influence ! Surely, Miss Surtees, you over-estimate my power "No, no, indeed, Sir Richard ; I am quite certain that he would attend to anything you said—would listen quietly to your advice wish you would give him a little "With all my heart. But on what subject ?"
"Sir Richard," «aid Josephine, in fok'ujr her hands solemnly before
ena
was yesterday
is continually going
however, for alarm
twenty years hence At the be-
WHERE THREE COUNTRIES
MLLT.
Sur-
en
&1-
would
no reason, though the sun will have shrunk a mile ginning of this century the sun woi
*h“ -
the sun will havt But it will lool
Doubtless the most unique spot in Europe is the little village of A!ten-burg, where on its border three countries meet. It is ruled by no monarch, has no soldiers, no police, and
no taxes. Its inhabitants speak a	_¦ HI III
curious jargon of French and G or- I hear, Mr. Jones, that your busman combined, and spend their days band has f wo revolvers and a Win-in cultivating thc land or working j Chester ry e for any burglar who in the valuable calamine mine of may call/ He had, but they time which the village boast*	l the othe# night and stole them.
the numbers an
they can climb and dive and
---- >
UNIVERSITY WOMEN
who
the 2,754 students
Among	¦ ¦	^ __
matriculated at the Edinburgh University last year there were 252 215 of whom were enrolled
Faculty of Arts, three in
find
do
tho sun
000 years hence
exaet?ÿ°th« *ssune 40.000 year, heno It does to-day.
women
in tho
science, thirteen in medicine twenty-one in music
ti
1

<•
A
###PAGE###3###
> V?
- '


3
»

A 07 ES A AD COM MEATS.
C.<*ï.ïyï...W)
"This is my only child. ITo Is	Mono!'» name	was rmtde
strong and healthy. If 1 wore to	prince*» Inlluonco	soon brought	him
SI	lose him I should die.**	an extensive nnd	fnshioimble conficr-
Oood mothers all foci liko that.1	tion. though tho	true history of	the
S i	Dut such grief does not kill entirely,	princess’s ill/,.
S "Where are we?" 1 asked as the | ears of society % ! carriage stopped.
"We have arrived/* ho answered, as
#) | the door was opened by an elderly | IIK KISSK.S ALL Tl IK LAIUKS
who eyed me in as ton-
The
BITS OF INFORMATION.
STRUGGLE FOR LIFE.
(•
1 What Baby
)
| Brought Us. . .
Interesting Paragraphs from the World’s Four Corners.
At Dhattlprolu, in the IXistnn die- ( trict of the Madias Presidency, there ] >5 was found lately a relic of Buddha whirl) Is accepted by experts the whole, the most authentic

4 4
Brave Deed of Lord William Fitl
Lennox.
i never reached the London Answers.
Australia, n country remarkable for its largo eaters, has thy highest death, rate.
In 1818 Lord William Pitt Lon nog
the frigutt
as, on rem- i ng
mint of Ido body still in existence. |
It is only a small flake of a bone, scarcely more than the size of a fln-S°i' and is described as taken, probably, from the head oN the felt was found in the centre of
Bailed for Canada in
It Is estimated that picking poek- ! Jphigenia. Just before eight o'clock k« supports over 100.0UU of Lon- 0,10 evening, under a freshening don's population	breeze, there caino the cry "Man
It „ ... ,	York City con,.» 5.200,- "er??"led ’ Lieu/ """"
I am a doctor*, wife.	!	"	Ibly «ui embarrassing to the King',	°< lco » y®“r- °» wh'cl* *¦' threw over a life-buoy, ordered th«
I'.voryone knows that means Irro-1 The r rlncc-for so 1 culled him in !	"-‘Proswitu'iw)	us	to I hr Indies who	jUUH tom, ui« natuiul ice.	first lieutenant to tuko euro	of t
gular mealtimes, disturbed nights, | ,uy heart—lud mo Into a spacious hull j	prL'M‘'",	<'« I»ubUii When ’l'hu United States lias a lower	per	ship, and in another instant
• »7«	« •« >« |KKS-'S'SK	fSïSJS CTZP !»	......
in (ii< uni i tew e, with tiaccs of hea- | But the incident. 1 am going to toll j not know his name nor his address— his ui< . «ii aides-de-camp, she The highest railway bridge in the ! The frigate was going rapidly uni vy gilding and with an inscription nlUTOd the whole course of our lives, tlmt 1 was entirely at his mercy.	i'»w m	a	graceful courtesy	United States Is the Kinzuu Viaduct	the wind was high. In a few	mo
and brought us. still young, umbi- j | went shivering up to the fire, and,	1	,	Viceroy ,,lk"s	her hand and rais-	on the Erie line—30.5 feet high.	ments the heads of the struggling
.-PiSaf-SB	S£=:=B'E-=S£ri-&£-~3
nook, by the drawing-room tiio, at my child. Supposing something so 1 16.!111	allt* hissing goes ..	.	.	. j not only was the night corning an
when suddenly James, our miniature happened to him! Supposing thvv 0,1 u“U4!. ,hu on« lirw of ladies has 1 "l ,1‘; ,ftfct tou	Ul,‘M*	but a dismal cloud, which had beoi
page, jerked open the door and pop-1 U)'oW him ,mm	passed through the Throne Hoorn. t>evn an increase of 2.000 annually u|| (lllV approaching, obscured wha(
ped his head round it.	« May I oiler you some refresh-1	-----4----- 1,1 1,10 number of Oroftt Dntnin 8 in" twilight was left. The glass wag
rlease, madam, there's a gentle-1 ment?" sald my host.	INTERESTING CALCULATION. sune'	falling, and it was evident from all
6"‘	W«-IW	re-	°“hl "* """""
"No. tb.nl. you but I .bould llko !'? i Z“ ..biSul^f X *	"U'“"
to soo your wife at once. I replied, j Frflnch Academy of Sciences. It is
r ”,Hr3£ 1j SSg fr'f
— ¦— -	v=. b^	N:r'	~
the Siamese power «I the expense of J Züe/'T'sold*wm-"in'/y'as hc'.Ns- i 3/°“ |uT^^t™5uS!lSWed I	[./lent‘'foundation! of
the loss of pmtlgo to the British appeared. But only to pop in a I** him Into a large* brllUautly-iighted '0Ur gr0ut cu“Un,1,ts sovereignty of India, without exact- | seconds later.	room, magnificent in decoration and
lug a substantial <juid pro quo in'. 8,“° g0O(J* madam.^ Ho K«ys full of beautiful flowers.
the way of concessions to Great Brit- I	w!.ii ' "iw/iV him " 1 At firHt 1 thou*ht we wor« alone, I The Index of book at tho British
*•,- "« rr......•*. -, r!«->«9-5itsr.r.%sss«s
pa{Ki, and	it	s'ems	that	Loi d	Cur- j	A ui y tall man. wrapped	in u fur	me Qf tiie picture of	"Evil," by the	tho printing of tho great catalogue
the	Viceroy,	when	tho	facts |COrtt* 810011 undor the lump.	Ho was	j uon j0|m Collier.	Her long, dark	began in 1881, the manuscript cata-
young. very handsome, and had Vril- j,ajr> sweeping the ground, hung over loguo then used contained 3,000,000 fiant Mack eyes.	her face, which was	ghastly in its	references to about half as many
o bowed profoundly as I	rent	pallor, with burning,	soulless eyes, j	books—cross titles accounting for
,,,	...	,	...	. , A shiver ran through me. In- ! the dilTorence between the figures, in
am exceedingly sorry to da-turb stinctively I covered my baby's all there arc over 600 volumes of you. madam, but I am exceedingly I hçad	i the catalogue, containing tho titles
anxious to see Or. Lumloy, oi oi |	« yhe is mad!" I murmured, dry, of 2,000.000 books. The subject in-
I am sorry. My husband lias been jjpp0(j looking up into his sad face, dex is to be commenced at once, but
"But you may save her. You may will not be ready for fifteen years at call her wandering soul back to its j least, resting place "
"You did not tell me it was like this!"I gasped, horror clutching at,
mv throat.	Mrs Blank—Oh ! Henry, you must
' Forgive mo-no! She has grown Beiul ,or lhe doctor at once. I bo-worse since I left. But no harm liev® 1 lUU Setting Wia dropsy. Now,
shall couio to you. She would not d®1* t delay a moment.	Sixty-seven per cent, of Portugal's
hurt you."	Mr. Blank—Why, what put that inhabitants cannot read or write,
But even as he spoke she had risen | inf ° y°u** head ?	3.50 per cent, of English people, and
and	was	creeping	towards	us.	Her	Hear	me Will	you never be	sat-	only	half	of	one	per	cent, in Den-
great	eyes	gleamed,	her	breath	came	^hod	that what	I say is true	? I	mark and	Switzerland,
quickly through her even, white *ot weighed to-day. and oh, it's teeth; her mouth, beautiful once as| awful ! 1 weighed 500 pounds.
What ! Where did you got weighed ?
Hound at your coal yard.
Calm	yourself,	my dear ; your
weight	is exactly	180 pounds.
«
o-
e.
| manservant, Ishment.
PlozoTdmx
Kissing forms an important part
of the Ceremony of presentation to i lie Viceroy ..f Ireland
I
lie then
w,2i
over himself after tlie drowning man.
min
in clear Asoknu characters. The
nina.s foil apart on pressure revealing a pure white crystal box containing | and the relic
The date of tho writing, 250 D. C , is within 150 years of tho death of Gautama, or Buddha, and
the tradition, supported by the earliest and most trustworthy records, 1Ilan in tho hull what says he won't In that by his own wish parts of his j coim' 41,1(1 Wl)U 1 S° aWft
b...ly were distributed among tho -Como'right ‘"‘"jurn/' Ifow of-faithful at his death. This alight | ten must 1 tell you that? And don't
f
I
on
The two men had not appeared, Every man on board was strainirij his gaze to windward. An hou passed, an hour that seemed like an age, when suddenly there came a voice from under the lee, "Stand fast ! I leave us a rope !"
There was the cutter with tin half-drowned sailor, the lieutenant, the crew, life-buoy and all. They were soon on deck, and thero the lieutenant told his story.
"The sea broke over us, and do what wc would, we couldn't reach the life-buoy. Sinicoo was too much
!
Beggars in China are taxed certain districts allotted to them in which to make appeals for charity.
The di(Terence between tho tallest and shortest races in the world Is 1 foot 4i inches, and the average height is 5 feet 5 inches.
unci
con-
in Sweden and Norway it is $V will crime to make any profit on the sale of liquor; it must be dispensed at cost price.
Tho "elephant beetle" of Venezuela is the largest insect in the world. A
full-grown one weighs about I alf a disabled to swim, for he hud struck
his head in falling , and beside i
From the Atlantic ocean lo the that, the ship had gone clear over
him. lie never attempted to touch
The undesirability of thus enriching
4
A CHEAT INDEX.
# 4
I
pound
head of Lake Superior a vessel may sail in Canadian waters a distance mc« an'l when lie got too weak even
to struggle, he blessed mo and said, 'Try to save yourself/
"I let him go, struck out for the buoy, reached it, and with tho other hand grasped for Simcoe ; for now he was literally sinking.
,	,	—	,	.	,	"I only caught his hair, and
lands, there is a petroleum spring pushed the buoy against his breast, which has been known for nearly clutched it, and with my help 3.00U years. It is mentioned b,v g0^ }dg |ieu(j high enough for breath-lierodotus.	ing. 1 strained my eyes for tho
Italy and Spain have fewer houses boat, but 1 could not see it. Sud-in proportion to their population denly there was the sound of ours in than any other country in the world; row-locks. I cried out with all my the Argentine Republic and Uruguay might, have most
sun.
of 2,200 statute miles
were related to him by the keeper of tho Madras Museum, at once vetoed
Elongated ear-lobes arc considered a mark of beauty In Borneo. Girls with this feature reaching down to their elbows are not uncommon.
In /ante, one of the Ionian Is-

tho proceeding until the opinion of wards him

the home Govern incut had been as-
certained
• i
The writer of the Nineteenth Cen- called out."
"it is not medical skill that I require so much ns sympathy.' Not for myself," lie added hurriedly, us ho
my look of astonishment, "but for my wife. Wo are strangers in lids huge city. We have not u single woman friend, and she is in need of one."
"Dut you asked for Dr. Lumloy.
tury paper, Mr. Perceval London, would have'England hold this flake of bone to be used only as a means marked
-4
NO CAUSE FOR ALARM
of increasing the respect of tho natives for British rule and enhancing the religious importance of it tpociully does it seem to Mr. London to be uf Immeasurable value as a
Where, sir. where ?' I heard one of the sailors call from ward. 11 lead t
morsed before I got out the 'leeward.'
t i
Es-
to wind,' but I was ini-
word
You
I know madam
# #
/
Of course, she requires a doctor also, but another woman even more. She wants sympathy, kind words; and when my
«aSBBESS
Hired sympathy—yes! But what I mean is the kindly compassion of an equal—an hour’s conversation with a gentlewoman. It would save
key to the city of the avatars," or meat, is therefore of inestimable vai-Uft in the eyes of the Buddhist hierarchy as a treasure of supreme religious Importance.
ê •
Where, sir, where ?* came the
4 4
voice
Seven out of every 10,000 inhabitants of the United States arc deaf and dumb less common among the negroes than among the whites.
Two hundred miles on hour, scientific men have concluded, after numberless experiments. Is a speed which can never be attained by anything that moves on wheels.
" ’Leeward !" I roared.
"They backed down on us, and we were dragged in. It seemed as if we had been centuries away from tho ship.
The affliction is much
These facts wc tukc from a paper in the lost number of the Nineteenth Century Review, in which they are related as a preliminary to a criticism of tho disposition of the relic which, it has been proposed, shall be made by the British Government. It seems that Sir Arthur Havelock, tho
But she paid no heed to him. Her eyes were lixod on mine. Malice was wot all over her. My handkerchief
dropped to tho ground She darted I Mr Blunder—My dear Miss Noyes,
on to	it,	and	mouthing	horribly, sat1 I hope you won’t refuse to sing at	1,10 Iargest carpet in the world is
down,	panting,	and	tore	it	to	shreds,	our	entertainment next week. We	jn Windsor ( astle. It is 40 feet in
and	are	all counting on you, you know,	breadth, and contains 58.840.00U |	a	story of	a	sea
Really. Mr. Blunder, I	stitches. The weaving of it occupied	from	the South	Pacific
Would rather not. Everybody ex- twenty-eight men fourteen months so much from one who is
• i
A SEA TRAGEDY.
KINDLY MEANT
Captain, His Family and Crew Probably Die of Thirst.
her
# i
9 9
"But cannot she speak to you?
He shook his head.
"I am only a big. awkward crea-I can never do or say the
tragedy comes . The vvrcck-
Then she appeared to listen started singing to herself in a sxveet Miss Noye low voice an old French lullaby The tears sprang to my dyes. Tho peels dear home I had left rose before me. studying
I pressed my child convulsiveil to my Mr Blunder—Oil, I assure you, no I peels heart. Tho movement roused him. one will expect anything !	| WÊ
lie gave a little cry.
The wretched woman raised her head. Her eyes shone like stars,
The stranger’s eyes held mine in an ! «oft smile crept into her face, imploring gaze.	I "Baby!" I murmured, with a
"Her child is dead. She has never throb of delight
coming back to reason?
"Baby
dreamy voice
ug'i of the missing ship Mom ' or Russian girls have a peculiar way was recently found on a small desert of learning their matrimonial pros- island of the Marshall group with A number of girls take olT indications that tho captain, his their rings and conceal them in a wife and children and crow, had shallow basket of corn; partake of landed on the island ami then had the corn, and the owner of the first dopai ted in two boats, as there was ring uncovered will be tee first to enter matrimony.
Governor Of Madras, "somewhat lins- turc lily,’’ proposed "to hand it over to right thing." the King of Siam, who, since the overthrow of Thebaw, has come to
The cry of my child upstairs nr-
I raised my The soothing
rested my attention j head and listened, be regarded as the sole independent voice of the nurse full on our cars.
to the Forbidden City of Tibet. "To “He was dreaming," I murmured, open negotiations with Tibet/' ho •ays, "is a matter that will become
r
o
no water on the island. This oe-
hnlf aloud
a
MONASTIC ESTATE.
cm rod three months ago, and as no trace has .been found of them it is feared that they perished of thirst i Wore they were able to reach the inhabited islands of the Marshall
F,
•
The value of real estate of inonas-Suroly she was tic orders in France, iiv;luding the
J- uits and the Assumptioniste, is
she echoed in a sobbing, returned at. $220,000,000 sterling, "Baby, baby—my half of which has boon accumulated
in the last ten or twenty years.
o
• necessity to-morrow,	o-d
•ivi it seems but too likely that, if recovered from tho blow." delayed long, it may ultimately take D< .ni 1 exclaimed
WHAT 1IIE BAND PLAYED
And—and
i"
* " ,
r * »
When tlie Soudanese battalions 65ohp were formed, the British officers tried hard to establish regimental bands age on Bikar after our own model, but for a long most time Unir efforts met with very lit- group tie success
though himself, like most blacks, about with spurs and yards. In tho
fond of music, would be independent scrub was found tho body of a
of the rest, and the effect of u band Swede or Norwegian, who had been
The bright nink liiriit	nttmrt-	. Jack—Was Jones an exhibitor at	performance upon the European ears	dead only forty-eight	hours.
Ho hold mu hie	110 ,lOrS0 ®how. low—\ es ; in a	can be better imagined than describ-	certificate showed that	ho was
. nu uuu oui ms	a impie a	mcasurv. He made an ass of him-	t>d
self.
<
* »
was he young?
"Only a baby—a cooing, pretty baby!"
• stato under the quasi-protection of | child. Perhaps like the one above. She stretched out her hands as I	¦
So	! And she knows no one	now!"	though to gather something in, then	Man	wants	but little	here	below,
"If a woman is what	you need,"	I	her head fell on her knees, and she	remarked the	landlady.	And	here is
said, "I will come with you; and, as closed her cyos.	the place to get It, continued the
my husband has not returned, wc I uncovered my boy with trembling facetious boarder, will leave a message for him."	hands. He raised his sweet face, and
"How can I thank you?" he ex- looked around with lazy, wondering , claimed in a broken voice.	eyes
A French engineer, Henri Mariolla, 1 "it is nothing."	ed him
has devised a method of keeping a “Nothing? It is the act of an an- fists and cooed.
•hip from sinking entirely, no matter geit i did not mistake iour noble The woman at our feet shivered, how	badly	it may	bo injured in	a	nature when I saw you. I wish	now	raised her head, and listened intent-
collision.	The	device	consists	of a	% had come before." '	*	Iv. Baby cooed again then chuckled	Mrs	Myles—That hat	makes your was on improvement
number of bags of India rubber cov- j "Have you seen me before?" I ask- She sprang to her feet with a low fuco look very short. Mrs. Styles— seemed struck with the superior per-
ered with stout canvas* These are ccj surprised.	cry of jov passed us to i door in Th'R'8 funny; it made my hus- fonuance of the Englishmen, and keels of two boats that had been
placed separately in pockets or de-1 “often. I knew that if I needed n the wall‘which revealed a cupboard hand's face look long.	[tried hard to do tpttçr Jjy	.Iwuled %n yte Ipoach tui^ ^h'%.
pressions distributed along the ship’s woman’s help I might get it hero, as she pulled it open	____ encouragement some British band- launched again, fn the sand were
side, a little above the water-line. Do you doubt my good faith?"	Feverishly she began pulling things London's fire brigade now con- “ia8t,erH gavc thcm a hnnd» aad tho footprints of a woman and little
When the ship begins to sink water	“No," I stammered. "I will come."	from it. and strewing	the	floor	with	sists of	1	13V mon	235	horses	70	Soudanese listened intently to	the	children. A number of native birds
will come in contact with the car-	“The night is cold, and our drive	them, crooning	to	herself all	the	steam	fire-engines	and	1V6 fire-es-	Performances of the white	man.	were found with the bodies punctur-
bide. and cause n brisk evolution of long. You must wrap up."	time. They were the garments and capes. There arc 625 separate fire Thv,re wa9 a dealh in thcir oWn cd und lhc flc*h uneaten, showing
acetylene gas. This will distend the i ran upstairs and rang for a maid, toys of a little child	I alarms and 10 4>5 hydrants m Lou- ranks soon afler and 1,10 blacks de- that the castaways had sucked the
bugs to their full capacity, and the Then I crept noiselessly into my ba- I moved nearer to her Mv duu	'	term mod to imitate their comrades, blood to relieve their thirst. They
Added buoyancy of the inflated bags by’s room. I bent over tho sweet, child, wide awake laughed gleefully	_____ So the body was wrapped in an Egyp- had also partly eaten some turtles.
will prevent the ship from sinking sleep-flushed face and kissed it. As as we reached her He stretched out	r.	.	.	.	, f»an flag, put on a gun carriage, The missing ship Manchester,
more than a few feet. And all this i did so a sudden impulse seized me his hands to her dark hair and , Mlb 1 !d My hu^band jlus and the regiment commenced to Capt. F Clemons, left New York Is to take place in a few seconds, to take the child. It was mad, fool- touched it, with a wondering look in ‘	,httrd {° ,plcafV Mli4-I march very slowly, while the band one year ago loaded with kerosene
The inventor has calculated that a	jSh; but 1 remembered the woman I	his blue eves	^	Uubshaw	It is a good	thing	for	struck up in its best style. The	tune	for Yokohama. After that she was
large ocean liner may be made un-	was going to had lost her child.	She raised her	face	dry	eved	but	y°U'	Ulut	,J was not	al*	they played was: "Up I came	with	never seen, and Lloyds posted her
•inkable by 150 bags of carbide. Might not tho sight of mine be the flushed. She held out her arms u>- WayS L L Wuy’	“W little lot " °f course, the poor as missing last May. after V0g|
which will produce about half a mil- best tonic for her? So, to the nur- pcalinglv.	r »	4	„	.. .	...	. blacks didn't know the words.	cent, re-insurance Had been paid As
lion gallons of gas. The saine pria- se’s horror. I lifted the still sleeping "Baby!" she cried	, Is ., IS 1>lg 4 asket lhc rude and	she went by tho Cape of llood Hope
ciplo can be applied to lifebelts and babe, and, wrapping him up warmly. He cooed, and spr ing forward But I truubi,‘>ulllu I»«est at table, holding	4	the Marshall group would not be far
w^	«ouw:^NOT^ATOMONs.
w a tor. Tho inventor has constructed his position in tho hall. 1 under-	"Daby—sweot baby'—come'" she S“ , uskt'd 1110 tluiaest' of lhe Although tho fact of the pungent " icckage at Hikur. the ship probably
a lifebelt that can be folded up and stood that lie had given a message cried airain, her face full of invn «ml guekl8'	I odor arising from the peeling of on- stnick. °.n thc island at night and
placed in tho pocket. When placed to James, who held the door open yearning.	_	ions nlTccting thc eyes is well known, s,,llk bcfore the captain could got
in water acetylene gas is generated, for us, Ids eyes huge with wonder. J ' With a delighted gurgle, ho kicked.	we	to	» Ulc Wit-V to «void these effects is not , out u,1>' water,
and it takes only fifteen seconds to The stranger glanced at the downy eager to go; and. feeling that doubt- 1,1 throw from the st ..ion 80 K,'ncr‘l".v recognized. The odor; become fully Inflated, and it will head nestling in the hollow of my less Ills instinct was good and my ro- , tv..ti o	i which affects the delicate membrane j
then support tho weight of two pet- arni. and hesitated.	luctance selfish, I laid him In her *fn[)lv % , to Lnow whT. Unew ""'rounding the eyes is due to a
sons in tho water.	1 "it is all riftht, I murmured. "lie arms	th t t e ^ to know wno utiew ^ulplturous oil which volatilises rap
With a cry of intense joy, she sank 11 8 U“L‘'	___ j ‘dly when the tissue of the vegetable The 0|d gentleman had returned to
A MARTYR.	I	..	.	Ito the floor, pressing him to her	, is broken in any way. To avoid the tho homo of Ids bovhood for
. 1,0 ,ls W;u!‘ : nnd ** mny ,bc un" breast, and kissing his curls passion- Tho largest block of granite over effects of this vapor is eusy if a fllitt time in ten years or more and 4, She—I don’t sec how I can possibly wise of mo, but something stronger	ntely, while her slight frame shook	quarried is being used in the con-	small pared potato be stuck on the	as on ^he last occasion	hoi I
get along with the paltry allow- than myself prompted me to do it,”	with sobs, nnd the mind-saving tears	struction of the Beachy Head Light-	end of the knife with which the cut-	written “and wife" after	Ids name
mice you give me of three hundred a 1 murmured.	flowed freely.	house, on the English coast. It is	ting is doue. A chemical affinity at-	on the hotel register Of	coi rse
month."	Ilis eyes grew soft with great ten- An hour later she lay on a couch, 68 feet long, 20 feet wide, and	14 tracts the fumes, and their presence the keeper of thc hotel was glad to
He—But, my dear, that is more derncss.	with my child in her arms, talking feet deep. It weighs 1.4UU tons. ; is not manifest to thc operator till see him, and grasped him waimlv Lv
than 1 pay most of my clerks, and Madam, you will never regret to us quietly nnd sensibly, her disen-	the potato has reached a certain de- the hand
they have whole families to sup- this! "	gaged hand in her husband's.	Russia has three different armies, grec rf saturation, when it cun read- Ain’t grown a dav older than
poV> M	_	. Jhea ,10 hande:	l!XUr";	Lioncl had arrived, and. after con-	jn Europe her men are 5 years in tho	*t>c replaced by another. Onions	when you was here last, he	said.
She-May be so; but I am sure unis broughami a id dosed the door,	grntulatlng our host and myself on	active army, 13 in the reserve, and	are among thc finest nerve tonics we No ? said the old gentleman, half
they are not continually annoyed by l his is pi nicely. I said, smiling, the happy issue of our experiment. 5 years in the second reserve.	In have, and if spring onions are chof>- inquiringly
vulgar tradesmen the way I am. in search of conversation, for tho si- enjoined a period of complete rest Asia they are 7 years in active ser- P<‘<1 and spread between sliced bread- j Not a day, returned
lenco oppressed me.,	for the princess,	vice, and 0 in tho reserve. In Cau- nnd-t«utter they form a sandwich kcer>er, emphatically. Yom
;	. ls 111 y	rt 8 nc Rnswerea* ln j With his consent. I nccedoft to casia they are only 3 in tho active which, if eaten at supper-time, will, seems to have changed rnorc’n you
a soft voice.	.	their wish, and remained there with army, and 15 in the reserve.	do a great deal toward insuring a Yes ?
!Uj “b(fhh^ murmured, my boy. 1 grew to love the benuti-	----- good night's sleep.	j Oh. yes ; leastways she does to me.
‘“My wife is young and nervous." j •penTwiU? h!r!'and! lUtfurngh'i	drlanîf/ouTh.*0 Yes, ‘nnsîrwïï* the	------?------ iC^asl'"'"	^ WM
CURiOUSLAXDSUW, j	.s
A RENTUUARD.	(	jf k V	1,10 the mei,n11 of	80 much nul l, queried the youth, do you A landslide occurred recently <n she was. accordin' to mv recollec-
„	„„	ceases to mourn for it. I feat that good.	. ,,nh I ve.o y?n brilBart orb ? Switzerland An inn end Its garden tiou. Seems like she's tailor
Mrs. Dedbete—Why are you so pat- h r reason may go unless othei wo- Tho huge cheque Baby Lionel p-veausc. r*:p'led He fair one. ynu ^nd outbuildings slid down a hillside an' Ivor hair don’t look tlculft/- about there being a .to cs- j manly sympathy may bung Ini to brought back in his chubby hand to I brilliant orb is several million miles a dir tance of 35 feet without being same to me. an—an' cape leading from our apartments ?	1(11 lae. have you ever lost u the . gloomy I^ndon house nWxy„ Then Uui dreamy ycMiÜi rud- in the least Injured. Two stately And, put in the old gentleman
Æ szifZS r.‘	bofruM. su ll“ il. “zits'zxsxïfÿZi?b"-" :'v;."1" —ss: *“'*w
A native schooner found the wre k-
Island, one of tho northerly of the Marshall Between four and five hun-Each instrumentalist, dieu cases of kerosene were scattered
the form of armed intervention with
# #
Russia’s sphere of interest great political significance has this relic of Buddha.
o
LIFEBELT IN YOUR POCKET
Ills
sec-
Howcver, thc British officers onri officer. This certificate was sent stuck to their plan with the per ten- to the German agent at Juliut, but acity of our race, and slowly there he has not yet reported the man’s
The blacks name.
Near by were the marks of the
1
per
"It is all right may help us “But the cold. Til
I murmured, "lie
NOTICED SOME CHANGES
• #

# $
the
had

the tavern-wife
A DRAW
May—Jack bet Bess that he’d be engaged before she was Pamela—Which won ?
May—Neither. They’re engaged to each other.
ê •
'
just the
1
1
###PAGE###4###
-

' 9	’
R
f
THE EQUITY.
The Men behind the Guns
Public Notice.
MASSE Y HARRIS
SMART & SMITH

WARE-ROOMS
SHAWYILLE
Province of Quel Corporation of Slmwville.
In compliance with a resolution of the Municipal Council of the said Corporation,
It is said that the petitions «gainst the I passed at a regular meeting, held on Mon
......... rf ' "î"“ rrt ' saftÆüsâ sasraiSM
parliament have been dropped. In other | :Mlh (iav of September, 1901, a Public words there has been a general “saw off. 1 Holiday, and request all citizens of Shaw
_____m ___________ ville to observe the same hy closing their
The Department of Marine and Fish . respective place. oH.usl.iw.onU.at date.
i bus instituted an	«1.
It. Booth for depositing sawdust and Shnwvllle, Sept. 10, 1901 mill refuse in the Ottawa river, ontrary to a law which has been on the statute books f r the past ten years. Mr Booth expects to he fined, ami will continue to be lined as long as he cm stand it, and will then close down the mill or remove it.
The censiM clerks, wÿo are compelled by Mr. Fisher to work for $1 50. a diy, should appeal to Mr. Mulock e Ubor department. By the la'eit number of the Laurier Labor Gazette, h in noted that Government contractors are required to pay “ ordinary laborers ” and “ excavators ” fl. 50 a day. Men with education and intelligence enough to comp le census statistics should bt worth more a day than ordinary laborers ’ remarks the Montreal Gazjtte.
VC
SHAWYILLE, SEPT. 12, 1901
At Ladysmith could not have held the town till relief came if their ammunition had run out. The sportsman who wants to bag ducks, partridge or the " antlered monarch " should lay in his supply of car-ridges now.

#t\o
(p 7f\e>
Threshing Mill IV|en :
Mayor
We are now prepared to supply you with
Rifle Cartridges in all calibres from .22 to .56,
Snider Ball and Shot Shells,
Loaded Shot Shells, 12 and 16 gauge,
F.F. Black Powder,
President McKinley Shot
DASTARDLY ATTEMPT BY ANACHItT TO
MURDER HIM
Mill Teeth, (all kinds)
Belting*,
Cylinder and Machine Oils.
On Friday afternoon last Piesident McKinley was shot while holding a reception in the Temple of music at the Pan-American Exposition by a young anarchist named Leon Cz dgoase, a native of Detroit.
Rifle Powder,
Shot, Primers, Etc.
Two sho's were fired at close range at the President, but on'y one took serious effect-penetrating the abdomen five inches below the left nipple and one and a half inches to the left « f the media line.
When an examination was subsequently made it was found that the bullet had penetrated the stomach. The opening in the front wall of the Nt >n>ach was carefully cloicl with silk slit urea ; after which a search was made for a hole in the back wall of the stomach. This was found and also closed In the same way. The further coune of the bullet could not be discover-
f
#
« 4
WINCHESTER AND SAVAGE RIFLES.
The utter senselessness of the Anarchist's cause was abundantly exempltied at Buffalo on Friday afternoon last, when the dastardly attempt oil the life of President McKinley was made by a member of that murderous organization.
Civilization while shocked to the core
at the audacity of the outrageous crime, ,	. ,	.	, ,	.	.
is perfectly at a loss to suggest a motive ^d, si: bough careful search was made, for its perpetration. Above all other The abdominal wound was closed without
heads of executive or administrative bod-. ^.VInzl®®, \° 1Il1^ur^ *° ^testines the president of the great republic otrLelr ^dominai organs was discoverec. to the south, was nut regarded as a pvob- , 0 Pre8|dent was in a cheerful mood
able victim of the machinations of this : aiu* Wtta enJ°y'nK	the hearly
jMirticular band of incendiary scoundrels, ^videncts ct good will which everywhere (
because the great measure of equality Î”*!]1.!*'Kaz'*	h»a right stood John
dlid	which we guarantee will produce 36 to 37 8-lb.
pans of beautiful flaky, white bread? If you are
nitics of «il kinds. Furtive* from jus. }'p°" »ho Pre.ident’d left stood Mr.	using a poor flour compare results and you will
tica in many lands have found an asylum ! ‘frit you, his secretary. It was shortly	®	f	J
within its borders, and have exercised	P-®- * nut of the throng pay the difference IB PHC6 BVerV time,
an unfettered freedom in maturing plots 1 which surrounded the presidential party, i
and plans for the undoing of those high a meuium-aizjd man of ordinary appear-1 in authority elsewhere, because of some !ance f , P dressed in Mack, np-j imaginary grievance; and thus we find 17°, ,!.e as ! ,t0	tho President,
villany in various form- enjoying a re Hfh Secretary Corteliyou and President fugc under the pinions of the American ^ Milhum noticul that one of the nun a eagle, the nation all the wh le apparently ,,	swatn- t. m a nat.dage or	_
being quite oblivious of the startling fact hAnkercluef. The reports of bystanders , that it has been nursing a monster which dit e; as to which hand. He worked une day would rise and Milite to earth its ‘\la **>* amid the stream of people up to benefactor. The t raged ns which bereft * l0 edgeof the d v..» until he was withi
tho people of a Lincoln and Garfield gave but transitory warnings of the indwelling dinger t ) which they are exposed, and so from a false sense of self- .	,	J
security flows the result of a swelling list 1 u,:ee ’* tz'e 8lU. Dig M a 111V l*d feet of national martyrs, with William Mc- I a,K the viurating wavet if app’ause that Kinley, the pride of the Republican 1 vvr and anon swept here nnd there over party, and the honored chief of the nt- “'JLassemblages^	¦ I
tion, the undeserving and unsuspect- There was an instant of almost coming victim of designers fiendish and 1I . si.ence, the I rta dent st od stock l>rutvil	j atnl, a look of hesitancy, almost of be-
Fortunatvly there is hope that although wildennent, on his face. Then he rc-the plot cleverly conceived and success- ^rea,e^a ttep, w hdea pallor began to fully carried out, may after all fail in its et , over his fei.ture?. The multitude, devilish object. One of the shots only ony partially awarj thit something
from the would be murderer’s pistol took 8 1101,8 "a“ happened, pau aid in the
silence of surprise, while necks were
o
MACFARLANE BROS.
Best materials and correct prices.
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply because it's 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheaper than our
SMART & SMITH.
168
“Gold Medal" Brand,
Used by local and city Bakers
<^_Special Prices in 5-barrel lots.
THE SHAWYILLE MILLING- CO.
Hurrah For . .
Shawville Exhibition
two feet of the President.
President McKinley smiled, bowed and extended l it hand, when the sharp crack of a rev< lver rang out above th > hum of

"S?
x
<&. '-ÎÙÈ
Tuesday and Wednesday, Sept. 17 & 18.
FARMERS, Before you commence your Fall plowing come and take a look over our stock of Plows. Sulkey Plows guaranteed to be the best on the market. We also handle Tinkler's Patent Plow.
All Exhibits in Classes 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23,
t,içg 24, 2ti, 28 and 29 require to be in the Hall not later than noon first day when judging in those classes will commence at 1.30, p. m.
All Exhibits of Stock, Poultry, Carriages and Im
plements require to be on the Grounds not later than 9.30 second day—judging to commence at 10 a. m. sharp
O"— —	-—o
Entries will be received by the Secretary at Elmslde up till Sept 14th.
t4T Please don’t all wait till the last day.
The following is ft list of Special Prizes received since the Prize hints were printed
serious effect upon the president’s per .
sun, and from this even with the aid of c[a,UL* a,lu all eyvs turned as on* toward modern surgical science there is a chance ^ . rostrum where a great tragedy of recovery, and in this prospect will	enacted.
centre the hopes of millions the world *‘ien came a commotion. With a leap over that the worst fears may not be three men threw themselves forward, and realized.	‘	| sprang toward the wouldbe assssun. Two
of them were United States Secret Service men who wo:e on the look-out and whose duty it was to guard againit just such a m jr J c,	calamity as has here befallen the President
"¦ :: H:vl!, shawnl!\	and the natiiu. The third was a by-	r\n i?	/<	r T>	r i
2nd September, 1901. Zander, a negro, who had only an instant $5.00.—11*0111 George J. hrySOTl, Ottawa, for best
Regular session of Council this day. I previously grasped in h’s dutky palm the matched team of Drivers, 15 hands and under, owned and
Members present: Mr. Mayor John hand cf the Presided.	1 - . l . f '
Stewart; Councillors: Win. C. McDuw- The President's assailant, in a twink- Hi INCH DV a larnicr.
d oMaTn'Mtld F'T5,,UI:1S'	ii"«. *•« born, tp the ground, hi. weapon	Bag of Rolled Oats from Bowd Milling Company
Moved by Coud. Wm. c. MeD.$11, arms pinioned him. _	tor the best 4-pound Loaf of Home-made Bread.
sec. by coun. James Robinson, that the minutes of last meeting as now read be and are hereby confirmed.—Carried.
Moved by Coun. Wm. C. McDowell, sec. by Coun. James Robinson, that Rural Inspector R. W. Ralph go back to the LJtn concession and get the jwrties interested to sign a paper promising to abide
by a line to be run.—Carried.	Since the murderous deed was c>m-
At this juncture Coun. James Wilson mitted, the pi lice have been very active, took his seat.	and as a result numerous arrests of anar-
MoVed by Coun F. Thomas, sec. by chi its throughout the union have been Coun. James Robinson, that the follow- made.
ing bills be paid, to wit* Dr. Lyon, The President's condition at latest ac-visiting \\ in. Stanley's, $10.00 ; Matthew counts on Monday, is said to be most Thompson. $4.00 each for smallpox ; Wm gratifying to the attending physicians Brown, Road Labor of Dr. Gaboury, The one thing to be feared is peritonitis,
*o.40 ; George Kennedy, attending to which should have developed ou Tuesday Wm. Stanley’s, $10.00 ; Hodgins Bros., j if it develops at all. sawing lumber and scantling, $5.00 ;
Miles Cuwley, amount awarded by arbitrators, $4 00. —Carried.
s ,n j i , xVm	,.fî * U r. ' by Major Scobe’l south of Petersburg. I In this race the last horse coming in w ill be declared winner. Riders will I* re
ZZ;	EBS1TtirBKKlj	County Athletic Contest.	.....'
SL"S.C J12TS- SSiXX ErEléEsXiE.?'"”?; 100 W Dash Silver Cup Silver Medal Bronze Medal. ZXJtM %%%
æsrS tx-i1 t?'i ' cL:af cSi|ver ?» ?i!rer “ ®ronze S;c".C %
ÜtSSà.»-,hl	I*.r4;,: :. Running High jump Silver Cup Silver Medal Bronze Medal,	.....
gsegss	i8£ fcjæss
the disputed part on lot 17 to the width of ^ 4 0 aoiai€ rs v\ t re Poisoned.	j0Wed to compete. N’o professional* or city athletes will be permitted to take part. P,e*,D8 berries on the phteau above and
40 feet, brushing, etumuing and leaving	--- All entries are to be In the hand* of either G. M. Donaldson or Jos. A. Smith by fe,i from the cliff to the locks below.
the same space ready for the plow with- Atlanta, (2a , Sept 5,—Two hundred and 10o’clock a. m. on Tuesday, 17th, by whom also all correspondence in reference to (,ne native witness says he eaw the mur out any impediment, and Mayor John seventy-five soldiers of the 27th infantry	sports will be attended to.	dm committed.	'
Stewart will inspect the work when fin- arü in the hoenital at Fort McPherson	Prizes will also be given for a Bicycle Race (100 yards) the slowest rider to win,
T&fS*.........- v
see. by Coun. F. Thomas, that John B. ,11 night. Four of themSergt.Wein-Uorngan be paid for work done with the berg, an l private Cole, Gravely and road maker on the mad division of Rich Beck may die. Colonel Ralph in com-•rd Hodgina.—Carriod.	mard has ordered a rigid investigation
At this juncture the Council adjourned. and the mcsi sergeant and others sup
i posed to be responsible will be court i martialed.
was
McRAE & McGUIRE
9
Clarendon Council
THE MARKETS.
NEW
GOODS
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 00 to 00c. Oats per bushel, 00 to 30c. Pease per bushel, 02 to 03c. Buckwheat, 40c. per hush. Eggs, per dozen, 10c,
Butter, per pound, 11 to 15c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 15c. Pelts,each, 00 to75c.
Hides. $1.00 to $5.50.
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
NEW
GOODS
Then the vast multitude which thronged the edifice began to realize the awfulness of the scene, of which they had4)sen willing witnesses
A murmur arose, spread and swelled to
lïyVS'îïite VXZ I Commencing at 1 o'clock on Tuesday, the follow-
—	mg program of Sports and Amusements will be earned
Program of Attractions.
un-
NOW OPENING OUT —AT—
out
Til Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S
CORNERS.
OTTAWA
Trotting and Running Races.
Three-Minute Trot or Pace .. Purse $25. Running Race Farmers’ Race
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
pails. 17 to 20c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 16c. per ooz.
New Potatoes, $1.00 per bag. Lamb, 8 to 10c. per lb. Mutton, 7 to 8c. per lb.
Beef. 4 to 6c. per lb.
Pork. $8.00 to $9.00 per 100. Chickens, 25 to 50c. a pair.
•1 its, to 40c Hay, $5.00 to $8.00 per ton. Wool, 13 to 14c. per lb.
Purse $10. Purse $10.
• #
e #
# e
e #
The committee reserve the right to determine what horses ..	.. are eligible to compete in this race.
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
Free For All
Purse $30.
Another Commando Captured. | The American Trotting Association Rules are to govern in each of the above events
Entrance fee five per cent of the purse and five per cent additional from winners.
r bushel.

Horse Race
Purse $5.
# e
e e
Killed His Three Wives

Silas Young.

FRESH and CURED
MEATS
of all kinds at
THE SHAWYILLE
IV|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
Kitchener to Stay
__(London, Sept. 6.—M I am authorized to
In the Exhibition Hall by the Shawvllle Band and other talent. Admission 10 cents. | *(ie Daily Telegraph, M That Lord
Kitchener is not going home, but will hniah the (salt assigned him here, (Jen. Lrttleton will replace General H ldyard, who ia going to leave. "
Concert Tuesday Evening
General Admission. Each Day • • Haiti 25 Cants ; Children 10 Cents.
H. Mathekon,
Sec.-Treasurer
JOHN YOUNG, President.
Pronrletor.
E. GRAHAM, Sec.-Treas
/ -I
###PAGE###5###

0
ft


THEEQTÜÎ
I
»
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville*
No 876.
Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PÜBLNHKD EVERY THURSDAY
AT 8HAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC. QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION —$1.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearage* are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
Important to Ladies visiting Sljawville Exhibition.
.LOF,

County Pontiac s Largest Ware-Rooms.
m
Meets the 4th Wed nee day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. Barf «TT, F.R
A. SMILEY, Prop.
'L.B.C.
Early Specialties in
Fall Jackets and Gapes,
Unequalled for Correct Styles, First-class workmanship and Sterling value
J. A. Cowan. R 9.
:o:
ADVERTISING RATES t
Legal advertising, eight cent* per line for first Insertion and four cents per Hue each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted atU.OO per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cent* per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or I for longer periods Inserted at low rate;», The Hpot for— which will be given on application.
Advertisement* received without Instruc tlonw accompanying them will be Inserts! until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notice* published free of charge. Obituary poetry th cents per line.
John Beckett. t\ R
« I
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
s
for
J0t(N SHITIj, Proprietor.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, ob A CLEAN Shave.



¦ ¦
¦ ¦
** Your Turn next.
¦ ¦
ree
¦ ¦
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING.
All our Fall Garments—imported direct from Berlin, Germany-are now open for inspection.
You will find it to your advantage to
Goods early.
Ask to see the New Box-Back 3-Quarter Length Coats. They are Beauties
The style of every garment is after ? the latest dictates of Fashion. +
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
The Perrin Sulkey Plow.
f
JOHN A. COWAN,
I
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
8HAWVILLB, - - QUE.
Publisher.
The construction of this Plow is such that all dragging on
these Broun(l or against the land is done away with, and as a
result, even with a heavy driver, its draught is lighter than any other plow doing the same work. The width and depth of the furrow can be regulated with certainty by the driver without his getting off' the plow and without interfering with the management of the team.
Intending purchasers will be allowed to have a trial of the plow to convince themselves of these facts.
Business Cards.
see
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, BJ\., M.D.,C.M.
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office -Residence of the lute Dr. IL II Knox, Shaw ville.
Office hours—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
I also ketp a complete stock of * une-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
A. SMILEY.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity Uutverafty, Toronto : Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orrio* amd RexmtMcs : J. H Aiumtiuwo'* Hoes*, MAIN STREET • • SHAW VILLE.
Dress Fabrics.
The Best Assortment
The Largest StocK
District and Country.
O—Our reputation for High-class Dress Goods is too 0—well and favorably known to admit of any contra-1 O—diction. We take pleasure in announcing that we O—are exceptionally well prepared to meet the de-1 0—mauds of the trade during the approaching season. !
LEGAL.
The bank of Ottawa it t jbuild a 810,000 block in Fairy Sourd, and thfr Town Council will rent the second storey for a council chamber $200*» year.	•
The rua!e census clerks at O.tawa'l.ave had their salaries reduced from £2 and
$2 50 to $1 .» per day. The clerks wi.l._-	—	.	..	- , e
be engage] un theceniin work fut» year | pg O6RS0H S NOVGIlISS 111
yet.
BOORBEAU RAM1LLE, L. L L
and
'I
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON will visit Shaw ville every Monday.
)
of Goods may be seen at
WM. GAMBLE,
J. F. GRONAUS


BARRISTER, &o.,
Room 20, Trust Building, No. 4d Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shaw ville, second and fourth Thursday
of each mouth.
<V!lce-over O. P. Hodglns* Store, Main St.
The electrical illuminations on the Parliament buildings during the loyal visit promise to trancend those of the Pan American. A prominent officer of the Pub ic Works Department stated last week that he believed there was not the el ghteat exaggeration when it was slated that the worl 1 hid never an electrical display to equal that which it was proposed to give here duiing the r.iyal visit.
Chatelaine Bags, Handkerchiefs, Fancy Combs,
Belts, Buckles, Ladies’ Neckwear, Pocket-books, &c.
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
(jfe F» HODGINS, Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries
Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, &c.
:o:
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
j
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
OF THE PROVINCE OK QUEBEC,
Trust Building—
An enterprising young man doing business under the name of John Mclroy |P, S.—RfllllCO&tS 8,11(1 UdbrcllBS. opened a matrimonial bureau in Kingston a sh(rt time ug > and f .r a while did a rushing bus'iitm. His (Un was to insert an adver nemeiit in an American paper, and from those who answered it he demanded the modest some of 81.00 for which he would*put each one of them
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac District*.

If you warnt the Best Goods at the Lowest? rices make your purchases at J. F. Gronau’s.
1901
1901
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L,
I
OR
I
ADVOCATE, &c„
LAW CHAMBERS } HULL, ^QUE.’Ilo • "“Y of »'«»««* one of Kingston's
-----	'	i w.a'thy and beautiful maidens fur a life
AtShawvlUe 3rd Thursday each month, j partner. It was discovered afterwards
At request attends Courts in District of | that the name ofseveral prominent young
Pontiac, Prompt collections an ! iimne- ladies of the Limestone city were sub diate remittances. Special attention to1	J
correspondents.
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
OREMOST
URNITURE.
We are Agents for
milted, all unknown, to them, to those seeking domestic felicity. The following is the advertisement : “Marriage agency, wealthy Kingston lady desirous of getting married. Write at once to John Me-Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court. I flroy, Box No. 2, P< st Office Kingston,
Commissioner bu,1 Conveyancer. Deeds, Ontario. In reeponte to this he received Mortgages, etc., executed legally and sails* j hundreds of inquire!, many of them from
prominent business men in New Yoik • QUE. and Chicago, in fact a few of the epistles
being from keen bankers and well kmwn men of Wall street. In every iterance _, the letters were accompanied by $1.00
N0VfcUANCErt!oANNANDRaYAV?NU8H 1 ind tbe inven,or bl the lcbeme made
CU., OF ONTARIO.
'J'HE WINCHESTER
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
W. W. IRELAND,

factorlly.
SHAWVILLE
• #

# #
# #
We have also a first-class assortment of
Rifles and Guns.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
» f
PERSONAL ATTENTION.
CHARGES MODERATE.
.. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
TERMS REASONABLE.
If you want one write us.
easily from $25 to $30 a day until the
money To loan on EASY terms.	| po*t office authorises got wind of the i .	/\n A U A WLM
BRYSON. - - QUE.	[ game and the manipulator, made a hasty | J, V K A M A IV1
Will he in Shawville on Tuesday and Sat- eX*1 f°r P*rte unknown, urday of every week.	———
SHAWVILLE.
MLcDOUCAL & GUZNER,
maragement for a year, the properties amount of slock already issued, or agreed may all be sold by the Trust Company to be issued, is not stated in the deed, for what they may bring, and the pro- The Hull and Aylmer electric railway LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County The price paid for the Hull E'ectric	ceeds go to the bondholders up to the	is turned over to the purchaser practical	y
Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-1 ike lailway by the Beemer syndicate, is re-	amount of their c’aim.	fiee of debt,
and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles ported to be as follows : $650,000 in first	The same condition applies if the	—-»--
or î/rfvaîe sale^on "reasonable terms.P Pub- mortgage bonds and $550,000 in stock.	principal of the b>nde fail to be paid when	A itory which Mr Chamberlan, is	said
11c sales conducted at Hhawvltlc once a While no cash is paid, a promise is due.	to be telling against himself just now is
”»°nnd foruuVomV? BbiwvUle'uu/* °“ ™de th»t m five	Beinier iyndi- other mortgage conditions.	good enough to be true. A well-known
___________________________cate shall buy back $250,000 of the first	inspector of schools spent a good quarter
mortgage bonds from the members of The $050,000 of first mortgage bonds 0f an hour in impressing upon the little the IIu'l company, paying cash at par paid to the Hull men do not constitute	girja 0f a tcf100| near Birmingham the
therefor. A curious stipulation accom- the total issu®. An agreement is made	beauties of Nature, the wonderful nature
panics this, namely, that when the syr.di- that the new company may issue $2,500,-	0f ftoweis, of trees and of running
cate buy these lords the tellers shall also 000 of first mortgage bonds all told of	streams. At tbe end of hii discourse he
hand them over free $250,000 of the which the $050,000 shall be a part. The	thought to put a few qü stion*. " Now,
Ottawa Northern and Western. This proceeds of the balance of the boi.ds are who is it,” he asked, “who made these i lustrales that the stock is not held of to go, 1, to the liquidating the Gatineau wonderful things i Who is it who made
_____	great value. So, when the transaction is road, Pontiac Pacific Junction ioid, and eicj, blade of grass V “Mr. Chamber-
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al-1 completed five yeais hence, the case will Interprovincial bridge, prior to forming a iajn|” was the prompt answer of the little
be that the members of the Hull Electric consolidated company for the wholo out- gM who was top. “Suiely,” said the HaVC C0mm6IlC6Cl Opera-Company will have got for their property fit ; 2, to complete the Gatineau rot< 1 to inspector, rather taken aback, surely Mr. .	«	.,	A
$250,000 in cash, $400,000 in 4 1-2 per I Mamwaki, and the P. P. J. road to Pent-	Chamberlain cou’d not make a blade of	tlOHS	IOl*	tllC	SC1 <15011	illlu
cent, first mortgage bonds and $300,000 broke, and equip fully these and the	grsaa V -O !” said the little girl, “you I	xv:ii	fnnrul	tlmmimlilv
in stock.	other propei ties of the syndicate. At the must be a “pro-Boer 1”	9n *
The syndicate does not sgree to piy dater f the del Very of the bonds, rays the	______ equipped tO dû a SatisfaC-
-X'ESt	- cop, tory trade with the fim»er,|Eavetroughing,
-I.»,*.Urfisi a&S&SI aun'°""diD" «	Rnnfin/anrf
If any member of tho syndic, te fails to all others.	turned front an extensive tour of the pro- Custom WOrk will r6C6iV6	IjUUllllg dllU
mike good hisfigifemenUopav$50,000 at [n addition to the $2,500,000 first vince, with the express purprse of es ,	r i i	..	n ¦	¦
keeps	the end of five years for $.>0,000 bonds j mortgage bonds on the exiting proper- limiting the wheat crop. Mr. McFadden 1 CarCIUl and prompt Sttcn-	KPDA I
a select stock of and $50,000 stock, the Hull company | It i§ agreed that if the Gatineau states that the grains of all kinds are now	onfi	niihlïn mnv	*	sO
watches,	may sell the bonds anywhere for what road is extended beypnd Mtniwaks or Cu>, and about half the wheat tl0D’ 311(1 tlU 1	1	*
they may bring, end if they bring less the Pontiac and Pacific beyond Pem- . i5 in * stack though many farmers are relv Oil ^ettill" tllC best SBt- Gaily UOZIQ a w 10W6ST
1	,, vci>wIn*	lll.an Per,.?£fr*e t^° ,Jul,fnle °*»*""	broke, a further issue of $10,000 per 111 la	threshing direct out of the stooka. Thom-	, /	,	0	TîTlCAfi
l*ie difference.	0f first mortgage toads may be made.	and of machines are At work and the grain I	lSlftCtlOU.
c* ' *	erovision FOR failvre.	Furthermore, besides the $2,500,000 is genetn’ly turning out beyond the ex
¦it is agreed that the interest on the first mortgage bonds it 4 1-2 per cent, on j ptctat.oaa, averaging in many pa t« as first moitgsge bonds is to bj a first fixed" the existing properties, it is agreed that ; high as twentycghi bushels per acre. Mr. charge upon all surplus earnings of the $2,500,000 of second mortgage bonds McFadden thinks the crops cannot average ' railways and Interprovincial bridge, also bearing 6 per cent, may be issued if Par 1 less than 2.» bushels. It is practically all that should the surplus earnings of the ltament permits, at the rate of $10,000 j of No. 1 haul is no grain has been injured properties over and above	operating ex	per mile, the proceeds to go to tbe same	hy wet or frost. Manitoba * ;:! »*as:iy
The killing prisoners is becoming a rc-	fail to meet the e interest	on the bonds,	purposes of those of the first mortgage	have forty mil ion bushels for export, t ttawa,	Aug. 2 ».	It is eai ia re-
wmm wïïm	mmm
«.Bot fou nd *u rr <nd I ring	,he intereet oü tbe boùi. under thi, Dei lut of all a, regard, dividend, Th.Jbu.h.L	iBl.re bm.d.Dg W.BB.peg.
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
Hull Electric Railway Sale
J. J. TURNER,
PONTIAC Here it is !
WOOLLEN
HOTELS.
The Place
St. Lawrence Hall,
t., «a
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
O
MILLS
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
ways well furnished.
First-class Liviry Attachkd.
a
I


PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
IfVi

•nd
JEWELLER

?

ANDREW HODCINS, DALE BROS
RerAiBiwfi—
a SreviALiTTi

¦I
SHAWVILLE, 8
Shawville.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
Advertise in The Equity.

###PAGE###6###


¦ *



^	^ results. These latter may nave fa.il-
noble effort and failed only because JJK of circumstances and incapacity.
TP The little minds sometimes soar high in their flights ; they aim to ^ accomplish something far beyond \YL their effort. It is not wisdom to f frown on them, nor to discourage PROPER TIME TO*PICK thorn in the high efforts ; it is far ,,,,
better to let them delude their minds . 1C I,vrislia,,lo fruits are picket	*, f
ndpÉs
nmv also	be	frozen	in	this	wav	come redhot,	as they will never re-	vines.	In some vineyards	the Inter	vitriol. Foul, wet pens often cause vcry much must be good for it.	Now	Ms. of the 18th Icglment, who was
Green	Corn	Houn	—Chon	or mnte tain the heat	properly afterwords	varieties are habitually	left	out	I this trouble	when a patient is recovering	from	wounded at Sebastopol, has died at
p g	Embroideries should be Ironed on swera' llil.vs after the frost has re- (,lv0 t,l° °*11' worn out ewes a typhoid fever. Ills hunger Is some- his native village, l'itsford. North*
ft thin smooth surface over thick	move(*	m°st the leaves	from	the	chance ; a good pasture by inein- thing terrible. The doctor will	only	amptonshiro, in his seventy-fourth
vines.	Thus they get the	late	nu-	selves and extra feed if necessary. h0t him cut custards, Jellies,	and	| vear
" SSS ®2Br*
« i ZSzfS'S' £ I S£t*stj?js?
feeding wheat bran, clover hay and recovering splendidly from typhoid linseed meal. The poorest by corn- fever in a London hospital. He meal and timothy hay and like mother went to see him, and he com carbonaceous foods. Are you mnk- plained that the hospital people ing the most of this valuable man-'were starving him. Next time	the	with causing
are, or does it lie in the sheep barn j mother went she took him a currant	1 ‘hildren by administering strychnine
lie was dead	instead of santonin powders.
< 2 ###****##**#*^ <4^
seventh to the twelfth day. Before the rash appears. It Is only rarely n doctor cun bo certain, and people ought not to require too early an opinion.
Other patients are dissatisfied because the doctor tells them too quickly what Is wrong. Many dis-,	^
oases can bo diagnosed In a moment; H*cord of Occurrences that Will
but unless the doctor listens to all Interest the Sons of England, that the patient wishes to tell him, mi
the latter thinks ho does not under-r 1,9 <s	Hrst year on record
I stand the ease, and neglects his or-	not> 9	death from hydro-
dvrs. Then he blames the doctor bo- Phob,a ,M<1 been reported, cause ho	I A pair of thrushes have built
their nest in the head of a cabbage m it field at Hook, near Surbiton.
IN MB! OLD ENGLAND

leges, and no boy or girl of our land need to grow up in ignorance Let us all as farmers respect ourselves and our calling and work heartily and earnestly, and wo shall have reason to rejoice iu our vocation.
*>•:
V

*
3
:
ON THE FARM. I
HOME.


NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOHN BULL AND HIS PEOPLE.
M
•>
*
l
<* •> •> < <»	* <* «;• <.	^ ,^s,J
FRUIT

SHEEP
SOME GOOD DECIDES
DOES NOT GET BETTER
Mr. Charles Fraser, superintend-
11
1 cup corn, and mid a slice of onion.
1 dessert-spoon butter and 1 even
E5Ss3S5£ SSSrfsSiS
IPHsss ###: mmm
Roast Corn-Strip the husks ami "no	\\ZthlL hT"' """ fCClinR
silks from the ears of freshly puller "lien the ^iigevs are stallied In 'V ”tln l,'e DttM
corn, lay on a gridiron over a clear, Idling fruits, preparing green wal- llllliqA,. t 18
E tSSSHî	=5 =m=kjm
.....
Canned Pears.—Pare the pears. Nice Lemon	Beer .—Slice two	good	^	si"îp]? anti elective test,	he
leave them whole and drop in cold sized lemons,	put with them	one	'	..	.	0	Ct,1<)r °f the fruit
water to kvcp them white Put in a pound sugar,	over these pour	one	whclher lt	is	at	thc doslred stage	or
porcelain or granite kettle, cover gallon boiling water, and	when
with hot water and boil until ten* about milk warm, add one-third cup Blums will bear picking when defter ; drain them out of this water yeast. Lot it stand over night and cidedly green—at least, many plums on a Hat dish. Measure the water it is ready for use.	wi^- 1,10 «Japanese variety in pur-
in which they have been boiled, nl Soda Water—Pour three pints ticulnr. If they are destined for a lowing 4 Tb sugat to the pint, and boiling water on three pounds white near-by market they can be allowed stir until the sugar is dissolved, sugar, and when this is cool, add to £°t fairly ripe and in nearly all adding, if liked, 1 tablespoon each two ounces tartaric acid, the well- cnses they should be allowed to hang of cloves and 1 of ginger tied in n beaten whites of three eggs and one as	us possible, except when
little bag. After the syrup has boil- ounce essence of checkorberry. Put they urc wanted for jelly-making ed five minutes put the pears back, it in bottles and cork tight. It will Most of the Japanese plums and let them simmer 15 minutes, then keep in a cool place for a long time. #omo others ripen very nicely after put in selt-scrling cans, boiling Put three tablespoons of this in a picking, and they may bo kept for
goblet	two-thirds full of three or four weeks even in a mod
water, and then add one-third tea- irately cool, dark place, and come spoon soda.	out ripe, juicy, and fit. In extreme
can bo
longer. Some of the native plums, like Wildgooso and Pottawattamie, When keeping baby amused, his ore apt to break their skins when caretaker may save many steps by overripe, and additional precautions tying a string to the ball or toy have to be observed to pick such with which he is playing. Fasten varieties sufficiently green.
Wi ji one end of the string to the baby's I Pears are usually taken from the chair, a pull of the string will bring tree before they are ripe, and are it up again or will keep the ball | stored in a moderately cool, dark rolling and the baby amused
The
too long
up
near
by
At Wakefield, Mr. J. D. Kennedy, ] | dispenser to Dr. Mackenzie, of Nor-munton, was remanded
the death
charged of three
of his thumb. P^P not squeezed nor but if it has the faintest
this summer v rotting away the | Cakc foundations ?
A unique tabic has just been placed on the platform of the Preston Temperance Hall. It is made from the handloom on which Joseph Live-I I scy, who is generally credited with 1 being the author of the word teetotal, worked in early life for some years, while in the damp cellar under the cottage in Walton-le-Palo.
WITHIN TWENTY-FOUR HOURS
o
This matter of food is all-important in many diseases. In one case meat should not be touched ; in another. sugar should not be used
AN ARTICLE THAT MAY BE A | a third, spirits, in a fourth, beer ;
ami so on. llut patients will not believe that such things arc so lin-
portant, and so they merely squaa-A Doctor Tells Why 30 Per Cent, cior money getting the doctorfs ad-of Patients Do Not Get
Well.
PEOPLE KILL THEMSELVES
for
WARNING TO YOU
not
The police authorities of London are vainly struggling to discover a
1 have aeon a patient lying blanch-1 remedy for the congestion of trim*
¦ from loss hi the streets of the British metro-
VICO
almost insensible ¦ I ¦	¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ I
of blood. I have instructed the rcla- ! Polls, *»nys the London coricspond-
tives on no account stimulants. Ami, coming back half an hour. I have found him dead I the
—killed by a glass of brandy f In the main thoroughfares makes this case the fainting fit stopped task almost hopeless, the bleeding, but the brandy stimu- It has cost Charles Funnel I, of latod the heart, the bleeding recom- Farnham three months' imprison-menccd, and the patient bled to j mont to establish a private wine death.	j collar, lie was mu spec tod by his cm-
But the worst thing patients do | players, who lmd his house scorched, for themselves is when they refuse In his cellar were found 196 bottles ,	,,	\to lie uu, according to the doctor's ' of port and champagne, which he
a heavy	cold ; or it may	indicate	directions. Ami 1 will end by giv- had surreptitiously stolen,
that you	are in for an attack	of	|ng some figures showing how poo-
bronchitis, pneumonia, pleurisy, or pi0 thus kill themselves. At one of some other serious illness^.	Go	to	thu London hospitals patients come
bed, and	stay there till I	see	you	suffering from* fever at all stages
again, and take the medicine 1 Q/ the disease
,	,	„ , j Of those who come in and lie up
The patient takes the medicine ; before the end of the fourth day of
=====
SB***
and pepper, add 1 teaspoon grated	up closer.	I	thcy	boffin to falI	jrom	t,ie	trees
lemon peel, and mix all with the (	Well, I don't	wish	it generally	|	pkking liino has come.	The	poorer	If ho says give	the medicine,	say.
batter. The lucic corn, tlic richer known, replied the stranger. con-	specimens naturally fall	earliest	I overy three hours, he wishes that a
the fritters. Fry on hot griddle in fidcntiully, but I’m a Russian Nihil-j	from trces of all v.xrieties,	and	by	' fresh dose shall be given before the
butter to a gcluvn brown, as you 1st.	! watching the windfalls the orchard- preceding one has ceased to act,
would cakes.	j ^ ou don t mean it gaspod the ist can tell better than in any other ! Just as ono puts coal on the fire bel omato 1 i it tors—Slice	smooth. , interviewer.	way when the picking is beginning I fore burns too low. The medicine
solid tomatoes, having first remov-	b act. repliod the man	mournfully,	,	^ ^	pressing	ordered to bo	taken	before	meals
cd the skins, dredge each slice with	Rut—or—what	brings	you here ?	should bo taken	on an	empty	storn-
flour, dip into the batter, and fry asked the inquisitive questioner.	- nch, and is not much good if taken
brown in butter or lard. Serve with ] Well, you sec, I was captured in	after food. And as for Judging of
potato rings	St. Petersburg last month, and—you |	FARM HOMES.	the contents of a bottle by the
Potato Rings Slice new Potatoes know how severe the Govcrnmont is j	Mak„ fftrm ,ife attractive,	con-	8™0',1'/1 ls Perfectly absurd, for the
I	SS -
now have at a small yearly expense ! ^no °/ ^ 10 ^ceatist difficulties a direct communication with each I doctor has is in getting the truth other and with the outside world ; | from patients. They tell him a and thus the isolation of country life dozori vl » S* and conceal two or
long complained of will disappear, ^ree. If he asks what their fathers
People are apt to associate with °rr mothers died of, they get angry.
the work of the farmer the idea of	their own health, or per-
NOT MUCH CIIANCE FOR THE | drudgery, constant and without | naps life and death, which depends
limit. Compare for a moment if on th® <*oc}or bein« abl,e >° form a you please the freedom of person and | correct Judgment of their disease.
He truthful, said the teacher. I spirit, the feeling of contentment, | ^ow can he form a correct judgment
Always ? asked the boy.	the general absence of trouble and i u[^c'ss he has all the evidence before
Always, answered the teacher. j disease which are some of the bless- ^
Never tell a lie ?	ings of a farmer's life, with the mil- ^Mo‘st paf cxpcct t0° much of
Never.	liions who drudge year after year in doctor. When anyone falls ill,
Not even a white lie ?	! factories and work shops, at the and ho ,ls s,*nt for' the fric,lds. in"
Not even a white lie.	I counter and desk. The merchant and sistA on	at once what is the
Huh ! ejaculated the lad, scorn- | manufacturer are no less drudges ma**er* I* the doctor tries to please fully. It's a mighty good thing for and must keep constantly at it if | and	}]Q thinks it is measles,
GIVE CHILDREN SYMPATHY. I	^	j	^	patient"" ro.aUves " Tot
. In the household woman spoils the | Why ? asked the teacher.	j foot down with a good hard stamp, confidence in him, and neglect his
child by undue and foolish praise ; Because, replied the boy, if you Here is his bank and there is no directions
but more often the little ono suffers	was my dad's little boy, an' you'd	defaulter here. The cattle upon a |	But	moM infectious cl senses com-
from the lack of proper apprécia-	j	heard what he said about Aunt Eliza	j thousand hills are his and he wor- j	in t ie si me way, and gener-
tkv1- The mind of the infant is cornin' to visit us with her children, ships nature and nature's God.	,	th0.. t4ir , couple of day»
much like its little body—it requires i an’ Aunt Eliza had asked you if you j Beautify your homes by planting; 101‘3 ** V#° d,st,n'. IN0 s gn, nn l the nourishment, petting, encouragement weren’t all glad to see her, an' you’d i trees and vines for shade ; they cost m°st skl M phy„cian cannot tell and guidance. It will sometimes get	|	told the truth, like I did. You’d	nothing but a little care and labor. I	vhat	,s xyon^- ljut 111 n fev7 f,nVs
out of order from morbidness which	,	think there was a place where your	The woods in any vicinity are full I	new symptoms arise, and settle the
it cannot explain, and grows des-1 trousers was mighty thin after dad	of trees and vines to	be had for	matter, l he	fever	nisii, for instmce,
pondent if left entirely to itself. The	I had finished with you.	the getting ; have faith	In humanity	is a grcat	In scarlatina it
little effort to be good or to accom-	| He went back to his desk,	and as	and look upon the bright side of	?i)pc,arl ,°n u	’	^	T ‘ « iy i °fter
plish some work needs the encour-	ho sat down with great rare	there	as far as possible, we	believe that	T* ,	^ hfts	c	mmencea ; in ery-
agement that can come only from a was an expression on his face that the world le constantly growing bot- ?ip*UlVnJ °r., day. : proper spirit of appreciation. It is showed the great lesson of truth ter. Wealthy people are becoming ! \n	'° ' ,llA
the spirit of the effort that calls had been, at least in a measure, lost great philanthropists,-giving of their j	f' 'n 1 <)l	;.
lor proper sympatlv. mid not the I ou him.	wealth to esdow .oheel. 2nd col* I : “d ,Q entc,lc ,arver- the J
When the doctor cures. Nature gets the crodit ; and when the patient kills himself, the doctor is blamed. Vet the modern doctor could cure many people who actually kill themselves by disobeying him.
There is the man who boasts that he always fights any illness that attacks him. lie gets a shivering lit, followed by feverishness, and sends for the doctor. The doctor says : "This may be the first symptom of
NOTHING WORSE THAN
to give him ent of the Tribune. The commisslon-¦¦in j cr of police is doing his best, but
narrowness of most of
his
hot
Baked
Tears --Cover the button, of your baker with peat-s and make a syrup of 1 cup sugar to 1 qt. water and keep pears partly covered with this juice Bake pears till soft and serve when cold. By keep ing plenty of juice in pan. while cooking, you will have a nice thiol-
serve with pears These can be canned by filling your glass then covering tie when first taken stove, and sealing tie
TO AMUSE THE BABY
At the sale of Lord Dormer's silver, at Christie's, London, a complote set of thirteen James I. silver Apostle spoons, the nimbus of each chased with a dovo in relief, each spoon bearing the London hallmark of 1617 (only two other complete sets known), fetched the markable price of £1,060.
Truly a novel mode of dealing with trespassers is that adopted by a certain Sussex farmer. Finding a number of youths in ono of his fields, he caught ono and detained him until the names and addresses of all the others had been secured wrote them offering them the alternative of prosecution or doing two hours' work on his farm. The lads accepted the conditions and did the work.
juice to baked pears much success, ju.s with pears, pears with juice, from the jars.
and
• i
re-
WIIY HE WAS THERE.
FRITTERS
Then he
PAPER RIFLES
mav be varied by using fruit it stead.
o
CHARACTER TOLD BY LIPS
"Whether or not we believe In phrenology, physiognomy, and kindred sciences, there arc some peculiarities of feature that arc quite often Indicative of certain traits of translucent that a printed page can I character,M said an observant man. be read through it with perfect case. "From no ono feature of the face Put in a window-frame, it is a sub- can the disposition bo more stitute for glass. Waterproofs of atcly read than from the lips, and paper are made in considerable num- especially the upper lip; the lower bora The material consists of a lin- one is less prophetic. A person with ing of cloth in the middle, with a a short, sharply curved upper lip la coating of waterproof paper on both nearly always of a happy, lovable Nearly all articles formerly disposition. Ono with a short but of leather are now made of paper— straight upper lip is apt to bo of the such ns suit cases, travelling bags, low order of intellect and coarse in
The person with a long.
accur-
D1RECTIONS IS IMPORTANT
sides
&c. ; and so successful is the imita- his tastes
tion that a man who has himself i straight upper lip is the one to bo-beon in the paper trade may be de- ware of. ^He has a will like ada-ceived. Among recent inventions is mant, is not always thoroughly a process for spinning paper into a I trustworthy, is apt to bo quarrelling thread which can not only be I some and jealous and Is more oft used for sewing, but out of which a than not an unmitigated politician, very beautiful fabric can be woven. If he is gifted with a strong Intel-Spccimcns of tablecloths and nap- lcct, he will make his mark in one kins made by this process were ex- way or another; if he is not, ho may hibited recently, which compared become a harmless person, a para-a ; very well in appearance with fine j site or a scoundrel. I he man whose linen.	'	upper lip protrudes is apt to be a
shrewd business man. The person I whose mouth has a decided d^oop at
may be a humorist, a
The pos-
til
ft quarter of an inch thick small cutter, remove the centres os lor "jumbles Lima Beans
» 9
Fry in deep lard
with Pickle Beets.—I years in Siberia or a week In Omcrs-Cook the beans till tender without ! chans, and 1 was fool enough to bieaking. Add to them 1 cup grat- choose Omcrschans. ed cheese and 1 cup cold mashed po- j And with a sigh the man drifted tatOCS, stir ali into batter end fry | into dinner.
In cakes oil griddle. Garnish platter with pickled beet points.
Gooseberry Fritters—Cook the beiiics, make the batter quite sweet, add 1 cup bread crumbs, fry in butter, and dust with powdereid sugar before serving
Blackberry Fritters with Syrup —
Slew the blackberries a little, add 1 ci p ripe currants, as you stir into bailer, also 1 cup stale cake crumbs fn. as above, in butter, and serve hot with maple cr plain syrup.
the corners
hypochondriac or a poet sessor of a mouth curved in the style
A song will outlive all sermons in ! of Cupid's bow is indeed happy, for the memory.—II. Giles.	in nine cases out of ten he also pos-
it is an infamy to die and not be scsscs a fine, aesthetic and yet prac-missed.-Carlos Wilcox.	tical nature, susceptible to every cu-
lt is better to take many injuries | nobling influence than to give one.—Franklin.
All human power is a compound of time and patience.—Balzac.
Almost always the most indigent are the most generous.—Stanislaus.
Example is the school of mankind; they will learn at no other.—Burke.
I)o not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself.—
Plutarch.	f **'¦-**
Without good company all daln s
!ose U,",I true relish, and. like paint- ] CUHI0(JS PLOUGHING CUSTOM
A stranc cuytom „ followed h, In every part and corner of our Mexican farmers. 1 hey use oxen of life, to lose oneself is to be gainer, I ono color in the morning and an-
mf-HsdriSis-ai
no saying when and where it may bloom forth.—Douglas Jersold.
PEARLS OF THOUGHT
TRUTH
NOTHING TO HINDER NOW.
are getting prettier
Lover—You every day.
Sweet Girl—Just now I am living brown bread and wutar, to improve my complexion.
How long c.ia you keep that up ? Oh, indefinitely.
Then let's got married.
on
11
government CAMGLS
British Government is the of over 25.000 mmols. Sov-
The
owner™
oral thousands are i>sed in India to
and equipments when
Long life to your honor, said an Irish beggar-woman on receiving coin, and may you never see your wife a widow Î
a I carry stores
the regiments arc cMnging quarters.




###PAGE###7###
v.,%





talking the thing over
JUDGING FWOM TME SALE OF
FRAGRANT
GABBLES WITH DEATH,
of Mnfcking, to the music'of the Joyous pom-pom, and any quantity of sing-songs, gymkhana», and gamo-p orties.
LUDELLA
He in
ft young man whose unbound? 1 a'.bu ranee has ever been hie
chief characteristic. When ho proceeded to talk to the practical old gentleman about marrying his daughter he was evidently prepared for g-	g » the usual question:—
Eu# Æk *' * a# 10# I 1)0 you think you can support my
fi nCtTÏI 1*11 fjWllHI dftUKhtcr in tl,c stylo to which she Would you take a walk on the J ||||||| I W If Hw* has been accustomed ? moon ? Well, first you must obtain	The parent spoke this phrase with
a plentiful supply of compressed air, handy Patent Box (new) HpJthe air of a man who thinks he has water, and provisions.	cnrnmNT 110U1D •	• 2k	uttered a pon r.
On our back* are strapped tins of ^ | miiiD sad POWDER, 7k wm w	The Mlitor looked Idm In the eye.
compressed air, from the interior of berge qw nrhvMall for thonrice.	Let’s talk this thing over, he maid.
Which insuo tubes with ingeniously	At *U Stoic., or by Mall	for thence.	^ y()U thihk your Uimghter Is quali-
constructcd mouthpieces, which wo	HALL	&	HUOKEL,	montre* •	p^d to make a man a good wife?
securely fasten to our mouth*. This .__ ^----— Yes, sir. Her mother and I arc
is a iiecei-sary preparation, as there	-	both practical people, and we have
is no air on the moon.	THE SIZE OF	SOLDIERS.	given her a practical education. She
Perhaps the first thing wo notice	__ can not only read Greek and play
is our extreme lightness. The fat	the piano—she practises three hours
man of our party suddenly discovers The Little Man in All Ages nas i (jay_^ut can cook ft g00(j (i|n-
thnt he can run as fast fis	the	the Record as	a Fighter.	nor, and do the marketing as intel-
Scotch express. A rock as big as a	heat ligcntly as an experienced steward,
house bars his way, but, witii the The untrained big	f «t icufTs Moreover, her abilities with the
greutest of ease, ho jumps over it, the untrained little man a	-I needle are not confined to fancy
and alights as gently as a bird. or in a wrestling watd , ^	work. She’s a treasure, and wy
mmm
overtaking us, for the day and night Europe out of Palestine, if armor here are each 336 hours long 1 The is any test, the heroes of the middle cold of the lunar night is far more ages were comparatively little.men
than any experienced by Of the men who fought at dena, the Nansen's expedition, as the tempera- Frenchmen were probably by 1U per turc sinks to about 300 degrees be- cent, the smaller, yet Germans, 1 om-
low zero. An immense "moon" eranian and Pole alike receded be- AFTER MANY FAILURES W. C. which looks as large as fourteen or- fore their charge.	ANDERSON MAKES HIS
dinary moons, can be seen. This There arc probably no such men in | DISCOVERY AT LAST, gigantic "moon" is our earth.	the world as are to be found in our
Sikh regiments, their average beingI Treated in Vain by Five Different nearly two inches higher than our Doctors for Kidney Troubl own; yet Englishmen defeated them Took Many Medicines Without Sobraon, and if they revolted our	Success—Dodd’s Fills Succeed
Some Useful Hints to Mothers on | officers would lead the under-sized | where Other Things Fail.
Ghoorkas against them with perfect . I confidence. Experienced officers who Babies cry because they arc Rick piavc watched the 'Japanese in action or in pain, and in almost every case Relieve that they would
ajss.*;"«'¦.“££ S T.TTTw
bowels. Fermentation and dccompo- an opinion which is shared by tne sition of the food produce a host of Sikhs, who have observée Infantile troubles, such as griping, which is the more reniarkablo colic, constipation, diarrhoea, sim- cause the Sikh has to ovcrcon??nn
SSSSt =S
wmmmm
cries or is fretful or cross, some sim- whose average low statute has f pic vegetable remedy should be giv- quently been commented on.
Mothers should never resort to Tlie truth is that weight and height I ti,o so-called "soothing" prépara-| have almost as little to do with ht-tions to quiet baby, as they invari- ness for soldiering as with fitness for ably contain stupefying opiates, command. The man who can wa k Baby's Own Tablets will be found an | thirty miles a day and carry his rifle ideal medicine. They gently move easily, will, if he has nerve, make an the bowels, «fît digestion, and pro- excellent soldier. A ccgiment of mote sound, healthy sleep, thus Lord Robertses would not be last in bringing happiness to both mother the field, though, if they were badly and child. They are guaranteed to fed, they would appear to most wcll-contain no poisonous "soothing" fed citizens ns a regiment of "stnrvc-stufT, and may be given with abso- lings." Height or want of it does lute safety (dissolved in water if not interfere with shooting It arts-ncccssary) to children of all ages cs, we suppose, from some instinct or from earliest infancy, with an assur- selection, that our sailors, who will mice tliut they will promptly cure face any troops, are seldom excep-,UI their minor ailmeta.	tionally tall. Ami little men who,
For the benefit of other mothersJ as their riding-masters informed us Mrs. Alex. Lafavc, Copper Cliff, will fall any number of times and Ont* says "I would advise all care nothing about it, arc capable of mothers to keep Baby's Own Tub- being very soon licked into effective
lets in the house nt all times. When cavalry.
1 began giving them to my baby he The allusion about the coinage an
badly constipated, and always endurance of citizens as compared
II*o is now four months old, with countrymen is equally without
|	Lad for lad, the city
HUNDREDS OF LIVES SAVED BY PRESENCE OF MIND.
A WALK TO THE MOON.
CEYLON TEA It b clear that the public recognize the superiority of this popular blmi.i.
The Necessary Baggage You Would Require For The Trip.
Panics Averted by HFuss-in-the-Corner” and Blind Man’s
Buff.”
When the liner "Ciastrla" was outward bound to New York a few years ago a quantity of soft cargo in the forehold caught fire, and was isot discovered till it had gripped the ship.
The '“Gastrin" was a thousand miles from the nearest land, and during the first three days out a terrific galo had badly damaged more than half her boats seventy passengers on board, and, though about a score were British and American, the remainder were French and Italian, whom the captain knew would probably start a fearful panic if the news were known It was about nine In the evening,
T1IE FIRE GREW FIERCER
BUTTER, EÛCS, POULTRY, APPLES, ether FRUITS end FRODUOI, te
Limite J. Ccr. Wwu Market and Col borne St, Toronto.
If You Want The Dawson Commission Co.
Little thrce-year-old Alice stood wn g
cakes. After a few minutes'
nl^H
back, turn over on chest, then eat."
WIIAT BOTHERED TIIE COOK
her mother cooking pan-
silent
A lady hud a cook who gave her every satisfaction, and she was under the impression equally satisfied with her place. But one morning, to the lady's surprise, the cook gave her the usual month's notice.
What do you want to leave for, Jane ? asked the mistress
she said :—"Put on
that the cook was
intense
| nard s Liniment Cures Dandruff'
There were
I am I Waiter (who has upset a howl of
ems x mu | EE»‘.2 tsLF*
Yes, mum, Pm comfortable enough
in a way, but-
The
/
HinarJ’s Liniment Cures Burns, etc.
cook hesitated and fidgeted
about.
But what ? queried the mistress Well, mum, she blurted out, fact is the master doesn't seem ‘predate my cookery, and I can t I do ? What stop in a place where my efforts to "They never work."
please are wasted; so I'd rather go, |	---
mum.
But what makes you think that ^ your master does not appreciate	oWeS.*7
your cookery? Has he ever com- w to cure deafnoeu, and that U by convtitu* plained to you? asked the lady.	t tonal rcmcdten. Deafncufr 1* omuad bv ms
No. mum, but my Into master was	o^heraucon.Magi • {M
always laid up through over-cat mg n'amcd you nave a rumbling nound crimper; he said he couldn’t help doing so fect hearing, and when it 6 c-ntrely clrwod
because my cookery was so delicious; d.afnc«l.'MnouîïàdTh but master here hash t been laid up lQ ,lenormal oondithn, hearing will bo dc* once all the three months Pve been itroyed foraver ; nine rates out of ten are with you. and that's just what both- c,u%d^^..hich £**£££*« . era me so, mum I	| we will give One Hundred Dollar* for an»
:Tb0i omidTr W&ssrSi™
i. Weary Willie—"Yes, I am always the interested in perpetual motion ideas, to I i like 'em." Tatterdon To no— Vcr
for ?" Weary Willio—
t *¦
in tho style to
and Immediately started a brilliant parlor-game entertainment among , tho passengers. They began with weighty one
puss-in-the-corner, and, ns soon ns it 1h(J laUer was palled, passed on to musical chairs and forfeits.
With all the skill of society entertainers, the three men, knowing that the risk of death was four to one "on" and that their only chance lay In keeping the passengers below, organized and applauded and laughed, making constant excuses to keep below people who wanted to stroll upon deck; and all the while the ship's crew were slaving at tho buckets, naked to tho waist, and ever the fire gained on them
merry party in the saloon, somebody remarked that tho place was retting strangely hot, and a pause foil on the assembly as they stopped chatting and romping, and heard the quick stamp of feet on deck.
Two of tho men turned tho situation with tho proposal of a dance, and all went well again; while the third amused tho children with
Deafness Cannot be Cured
COMPLETE SUCCESS.
Once, among the
MOST WONDERFUL BABY
Now, then, shouted the walk up and see the most wonderful baby on earth! The charge of admission is only sixpence. Walk up! Walk up !
A good many people responded to the invitation, and, when the place was full, the showman brought forward a very ordinary baby indeed in all respects.
What is there wonderful about it? asked one of the disgusted audience of the showman sands of babies like it.
Well, said the showman, getting aperture in the booth, all I say is that it’s mother ses it's the most wonderful baby on earth, an' if she doesn't know, who does? You'll have to take the lady’s word for it ! he yelled, as he dodged an empty bottle and disappeared from view.
,or circular.,£«chsney & ca< Toledo. 0.
ladies and gents, I ^ by Drugget*, 75c. red-faced showman, HsII'h Family Pill# are the best
is the the lady over there ?
What on earth
Origg
matter with Has she St. Vitus’ dance ?" Briggs —"Oh, no ! She is just trying to j ut on a pair of new gloves."
WHY BABIES CRY.
the Care of Little Ones
Waterside, N. B., Sept. 2.—W. C. Anderson, of this town, is a remarkable example of persistence years he has been trying to find a cure for his trouble, he has been tasting the bitterness of
But tried again
Mloarifs Liniment fer sale everywhere
BLIN DM A N'S-BUFF
For
At last, by heroic efforts, the fire was got under, but it was not till they reached port that the passen-knew of the awful danger that threatened them. They presented the purser with a Jewelled watch worth
1250.
It was music that saved the British emigrant-ship years back, for tho Colonies, she had a consignment-only a few insignificant sackfuls—of barley in tho hold. Small as this amount was, it swelled with the wet, as grain will, and was so closely confined that it started a bulkhead or partition, and caused a constantly increasing leak to spring. Tho "Shields" was then in the Indian Ocean, 1.500 miles from anywhere, and she began to settle. 1-ho
him three men
getting along he bought a bicycle ?" "On
and for years
I've seen tflou-
’'How's Wheeler
since	NNMj
crutches, 1 believe."
gers
dis appointment and now at last he has succeeded. ...His trouble was Kidney trouble, by no means uncommon in this province. Indeed some physicians go so far as to Say it is the most prevalent malady in Canada. At any rate, it was the affliction of Mr. Anderson.
Five different doctors have attend-
Nonc
be-

near an can
When you write to an advertiser tell him that you saw me advertisement In this paper. It Is to your interest to do so, ae Our Folks are treated honestly end served with the best
ggji "Shields" four Besides 200 emigrants
W P C 1093
cd Mr. Anderson in his time of them touched the root of his suf-The amount of medicine Mr.
swallowed would doubtless surprise that gentleman himself could he see it all poured out
together.
One year ago
his friends he had found a sure
His friends smiled, but said
His continued
but
CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
ADJUNCTS TO BARGAINING.
Judkins: I learn through your agent you have bought the properties on either side of your house and got %hcm dirt cheap. IIow did voti manage it ?
Fox ley: Easily enough. My wife is elocutionist, my daughter plays the piano, George plays the cornet, I play the violin. Bob plays a banjo, Charley rattles the bones, and little Johnnie lias a drum.
fer mg Anderson
has
en

For mil skin ailments,
i. 0. Calvert A Co., Manchester, England
Mr. Anderson told
cure
captain calk d to|	I
whom he picked from the emigrants, and told them to keep the rest quiet if they loved their lives at once started a concert, went splendidly, and, badly as were wanted at the pumps, the skipper told off one sailor to join the
concert,
BECAUSE TIE COULD FIDDLE.
At one time between tne songs somebody remarked how deeply and sluggishly the vessel seemed to ride, and the people looked at each other in silence. But the entertainers, with aching hearts, laughed it off, and sti -ted another song. Meanwhile. the almost despairing crew
were searching for the lcak; wl.11 ® others toiled at the pumps til they was
At length it was found, cross
mmmmm
Besides a doz- Ilabv-S own Tablets	are sold by	health, as witness nl statistics i	dnmpness was in the air. Here is
druggists or will be	sent by mail,	city mortality, if children under 3	# |ot o( diamonds," he said, on
D0Sl paid at 50 cents	a box, by ad-	are excluded. As for his co B®>	which I am asked to pass an opin	UNREASON ABLE.
that is, from southern slums, to ^ -s likciy t0 mislead me. The pur- her husbant O’clock in the Morning is a | which Bethnal Green is a sanitonum. çr< w)lite diamond will, on one of I copie are	ftU vou
«mining a diamond except on a clear | and commonplace, dnv. Then you must be careful of
of Others, different conditions."	j	^
A little boy was suffering from a severe cold, and his mother gave him a bottle of cough mixture to take w'nlc at school. On his return she asked him if he had taken his medicine. No, he answered; but Bobby Jones did. He liked it, so I swapped with him for a handful of nuts.
at last
nothing in reply ¦	¦
hopefulness was proverbial, everybody had long since paid little attention to the remarkable remc-
E Es "time',’t wn«°nonfuiluareUreit rudely: You loot at me ns if you I E VERY TOWi ^ CAN* HAVE TbAND
Dodd’s Kidney Pills.	thought I was an idiot, eh? Strang- Lowest price# ever auotod. Fine catalogue
ÆI	wminom & "UCSua,
rood health after many disappoint- % glance.	| Toronto,Ont, and Winnipeg, Man
Dodd’s Kidney Pills have1
Six
an
Brass Band
These three which
men
ments
raised the burden off his life
cured him of every symptom Disease and he acknow-his success to them.
ENoiNieiir
SUPPLIES.
Aabeeto» Goods, Plpo Covering, Lubricating Oil#, Creases, eto.
WM. SUTTON COMPOUND OS.,
Limited,
TORONTO.

boxes of Kidney ledges he owes

a
i
C. C. RICHARDS & CO.
Dear Sirs,—For some years I have had only partial use of my caused by n sudden strain.
,	.	, used every remedy without cfrect
Few persons know that the 8!rate til I got a sample bottle of MIN-of the weather has a marked effect ARIVS usiMENT. The benefit I on the appearance of diamonds, but reccived from it caused me to contin- I iQmJnlon Llrtd StôaiHSilipS it is a fact well understood by deal- | ye itg usc and now 1 am happy to	Mwliesl to Liverpool Boeton to Liver-
Attention |	ann js completely restored. | pool. Portland to Liverpool Via Quetns-
Glamis, Ont. K. W. IIARU1SON

arm, I have
+-

WEATHER AND DIAMONDS
dropped and,

un-
D. Torrance k Co.
Montreal and Ponlaaâ,
games very jaws of Nurkut, in one
llUl Iii'iash' ofikcra and their wives.
wmm
-Hit i=r sï
round"of jollity; and. whRe^b^ ^J^^'^"aiwaya keep his
EBk
out of hundreds which have come to founu^ c	oWn noge ,
0tTho°infectious nature of self-murder
striking testimony in the
Dr. Oppcnhcim, examine

rates of poseage at the Cosapan]
cn
YOUR OVERCOATS
sat
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEINQ CO.
MONTREAL
men
bo unreasonable in
Four
Mysterious Hour
DOUGLAS BROS.,
134 Adelaide 8L, ToaonTo, Ox#
straw bo off color
tteUUie SKYLIGHTS
CRIME IS INFECTIOUS
Where Certain Crimes Induce Similar Ones.
asleep Cases
Fofr Over FWy Year»
WOOD a Photo Engraving x
# J l Jonesi nc c? :
6- a. |0-ADEI.AIP1 jJW TORONTO
ROOFING
O
BLOWING IIIS OWN NOSE.
When George IV. was Prince Regent he visited Doncaster, and at the His Royal Highness was suffer-
in
the Royal party were
to the people
A DEPOSITORY
FOR SAVINGS
linard’s Liniment Relieve* Neuralgia
I Tom—"You are dearer to me than life !" Maud—"Oh, pshaw !" Tom —"But I mean it ! It didn't cost me a farthing to get into this world but your lost diamond alone cost me a cool one hundred dollars
of Pekin last year ing on the very but they gave ft ^
srrss sra sras	..
I cities between three and five, for m. and < hnv know that at that time the
where the most cautious may leave their money with implicit confidence that it is not subject to risk of any kind is provided by the Savings de parlaient of
THE CANADA PERMANENT AND WESTERN CANADA
MORTGAGE corporation
• M. U
mes, an
lusted most of the nig V" f^nds	’	- receives a
¦IMipils
they know ¦
while all m0gt wideawake sentry is liable to „„j of Chinese fiends dozC.
round tho place, yel-, strangely, at When
Â*


_____£MM071/cf&Z/ w-Ms
tscJl/	JhwnÀA O'
AWi/ J&cnA' 'fwu/
Liberal rates of interest paid or compounded half-yearly. It is recognized A3
4KH
CAN A DA’S
PREMIER . COMPANY
no*/ &ns
yet
man thought
i nirers
made by the b
a waltz wa
the middle for ® oui and help In the defence
Is* given duff
in
<-
remark
ing the siege
<1kacc wa
t
###PAGE###8###

win
I
Get Ready for
E. HODCINS & SON’S ADVT.
OUR
OUR BIG EXHIBITION
Threshing
Time « i t
LEADERS.
O F
GRANBY RUBBERS
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge
Suits, black and blue - - - -
20th Century Umbrellas at - *
$15.00
We invite you to call and examine our stock
of Rubbers and wo arc confident that the price and quality will appeal to your judgment of good values. We have all the latest styles and shapes.
Every Farmer’s wife is anxious and worried in preparing for « the threshing.
Let us help you out :
Bice,
Tapioca,
Sago.
$12.50
• *
# #
e #
$1.00
Be in tlje Swim and get your Rubbers from us.
Hl|. STEWART
A- R. McGUIRE.
Raisins,
Currants,
Prunes.
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE
SHAWVILLE.
-
, SES isi mctâ-'l

CORRESPONDENCE.
cruel that the bud should be taken before it hae even an opportunity to unfold its
Apoi-Oi.v. I apologize to Mies Finan | blossom for what I said about, her

THE ANNUAL FETE.
f
A

Sf'SF

I over a year Put in nature fruit fall#, and ao du
1 now admit I had no reason for bl atoms and buds, saying anything about her. She left my In ilie ways of kind natute this ie per-1 house without giving me proper notice, | haps best, and in the taking from your ami in my anger I said 1 expelled her for h mie the dear one, we ihould try to tent isscond uct. I now beg her pardon for cept the cross and bear it, believing that what I said. Ü. Cu ff, Ottawa, Ont. [the bud will yet bl -isom and bear fruit
in the Angel land, whether her spirit has s ) early flown.
Written by her Teacher,
Florence Me Janet. and h e r School ma' es
! Cups and Saucers,
Plates,
Tea Sets,
Dinner Sets,
Knives and Forks,
:o:	Spoons :o:
Linen and Cotton Towelling, Table Linen from 25c. to $1 per yd
>
Hie Central Canada Exhibition Associa
lion will hold their
ago
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.
In Plain White and
Printed Ware.
Mini! Anal Fall Fair
—AT-—
OTTAWA
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
Editor Equity.
Dear Sir, — I was much amused to read
Summer Time Card
Tiling Effect, May May 13, m
mrm \m#&-
% &	r;--,!u‘ tnM smvi> ** «STïtiîS # m autl u‘tu,r —thk
Fo, ticket. Tl-k-t Apni, Central Station. ,>Jr; Vl'K’s h»vmg |»,d l.retty handsome-	""" tnÛtn-
P. W. RESskman. ; *' V1 1 1V county is under no obligation tien’lSup’t. I tu Lne people who reside in it, our com
J^in ng friend included; and if he uses the |>ositioii thus secured, to further his own intereast, it will he nothing more than I should expect. Asa matter of l o t 1 think he would lx> blamed foolish it he did not recoup himself in some wav. i his should lie the logical consequence ot exacting a heavy tribute from the man who seeks election, as was the case w ith Mr. Gillies. The worst feature about the whole business is that those like my —, who considered they had had
k.m enough of Mi. (iillies and lumbermen’s	a eummer hotel, at Caledonia
rule in Pontiac, have to put up with the SPr n2§* waa completely destroyed by 7.52 very bad state of things complained of fire Saturday night. The fire started
•• i	" “ i Z" s,Jïr îrc i—«— «*,.
:	™ I "ViZ D- *" Sl™ «-	a m	ISPECAL
Leave 6.301 Onslow, Sept, 5 1901	j town. Everything was destroyed except
•Hag Station. tTank. vFlag station.	I the piano and diningroom furniture.—
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway	„ * “	Some 25 guests lost all their wearing ap-
at Aylmer.	|	Gillies Explains.	| pearl. The loss is nearly all covered by
insurance.
—FROM—
Population of the Northern
District
SEPT. 13th to 21st, 1901
CLOSE ON SEPT- NTH
The ie‘urns for the Quebec portion of S2,\) offered in cash prizes by the Massey the tl strict are: K lock’s farm at the	M | H m
head of the Qtiinz* river, 1G ; the Height of La id, 12 ; Abittib», 420 ; Njrth Te-miscaming, 275. Total, 721.
The Ontario figutet are : New Huiscn Bay Post, 28 ; Moose Factory, 570 ; Meta-garni, 114. Total, 712.
The returns are si ghtly in excess of what was expected.
Harris Company.
Special At tractions comprise Balloon an.
and Parachute Leap, Trained Elephants, Slack Wire Artists, World-Famous Dancers, all the finest specialties which money can secure.
The spectacular in the evening will be representation of the “ Siege of Tien Tsiu and the destruction of the Boxer Stronghold. All the soldiers of the different nations will be correctly uniformed, and the representation will l*e the finest ever placed before the public.
Pontiac Pacific Junction Ey
-----u-----
on s
E. HODGINS & SON.
Official Time Table :
AM
5.45 Leave
Aylmer ? Breekeuridge r Kardley Parker’s Crossing ? 'Mohrs Quyon Wyman's ? Tank Bristol McKee s Shawville Clark's
Campbell's Bay ?Tank V Vinton Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
Arrive 9.45
8 OU
9.21
6.12
9.06
Guests Lost All
6.18
8.58
6.36
8.50
6.37
8.40
self
Yankieck Hill, Sept. 2.—Lakeside Cot-
6.47
b 22
6.56
66
66
6.58
66
6. US
Harvesting
Requisites
• i
7.04
a 02
7/26
7.45
6.00
8.03
therewith
8.12
8.30
•I
HATES on all railway and t lines both for visitors and
• 17
ii
6 99
8.55 Arrive
steam 1 exhibitors
cm
On hand at Lowest Prices for CASH
For Prize Lists, Entry Forms, and all in formation, address the secretary,
WM. HUTCHISON, ex M. P„
President.
e. mcmahon,
Sec y., 26 Sparks St
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
The Editor of The Equity,
Forks, Rakes,
Grain Cradles,
Crain Scythes, Binding Mitts,
Straw Hats,
And everything you require.
Shawvi le, Que.
Dear Sir, —My attention has lieen call ed to a
Canadian Riflemen Defeat the
American Team.
communication which appeared in	___
Th* Equity of the liüth Aug. wishing | Seagirt. N. J. Sept. ti.-Se.girt, after \ .m y) inform ynur correspondent how it holding for many yesrs the Palma trophy came tat the M. I . 1 . had succeeded in emblematic of the chsmpionship at rifle m uencmg the Minister of Colonization shooting, the United States yesterday am Mines to divert the County Coloni- i was obliged to relinquish it to the Cana-zation grant of three thousand dollars t*> dian riflemen. The total scores being the making of a road through his and the 1,522 to 1,494.
limits of Messrs Edwards, Booth, Fraser, , On the 800 and 900 yard targets the am o her#. I beg testate that the road Americans held their own very well, but re erred to is being built by the lumber- when the two teame moved back to the
7	I Sr	irSSirîiHriïïE
/ r*’n° le*ve 0tlawa Central ^t	£,n earned on under the Joint Stock the Canadians have always beeu recognized
8.30 A, M.-Local—stop* at all intermediate sta- Lonqwiny « Act. Not one cent of Colon as fine long-range shots
a.	I"" I"" .sW f,„ ky .n, ByC^aJwlth.dbM»G,ed
ior Cornwall and points west;	one m connection with the road or will and when the scores were computed it
Arrives Montreal 6 40p.ra. Pullman Parlor Car territory attached. Connecta with trains for Portland and a pointa eaat of Montreal. For ValleyfMd and nil points south of the 8t. Lawrence River. St Albans Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston T.W ». m New York 7.20 a m. Has through Buffet Sleeping Car. Ottawa to New York.	1
«6.55 P; M. Local—Stops at Intermediate stations Arrives Montreal 10.90 p.m. Connects at Coteau . metion for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, Chicago
CIC e
BAUM
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT. Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT. ARE HALF SOLD
ooa
Come and see us as we are sure to please you.
ooo---
To buy well, watch the latest prices and in formation in tb« special TRADE PRESS
ARMSTRONG BROS, LADYSMITH.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
P. S.—Binder Twine—Plymouth Special.
A Harrowing Tale.
many in labrador dying for need of
DOCTORS.
St. John,	Sept. 5—Dr. Grenfell,
superintendent to the Mission to Deep-sea Fishermen, now operating in Labrador, publishes a harrowing article ex A letter of sympathy to Mr. and Mrs. posing the medical deficiencies of that Hugh McFadden and Family, Duclos i portion of Labrador which is under Can-Post Office, on the death, lrom brain . adian jurisdidtion. fever of their young* st daughter, liât-1 He asserts that at Bradore he found an tie DyJemic, died May 9th, 1901, aged , imbecile girl 9, years old, tied in dog j 14 years.	; harness when her relatives were not abie I
Dear Friends : How feeble are words to her. He found people dying |
e?eM5.P: Y; Li!ulnt*,i~"îïon) Montreal leaving at I to carry consolation to your hearts be *rom cancer» dropsy and scurvy who had -rT*r- 1	• j	.
—— n	',:r>	reived of a beloved daughter and sister : j ne7er 89en a doctor- He found no hospital I W G ±1£IVG lllSt rGCGlVPfl A nt.Tl AT
Middle and Western Divisions |atender clinging vine, interwoven in near and no means by which the people	°	UJJ.C7J.
— memo,from the hour the Au-1pro5u,e mtd,ca, o, .urg.c.l treat-	aSSOltmeilt Of Ladles’ BUd
Gent s Rings from the best ring makers in Canada -> -> >
Call and see them.
Yours Truly,
David Gillies
Campbells Bay, Sept. 9, 1901.
OHAWVILLE’S
U NEW



A Letter of Sympathy
SASH and DOOR
ar#
Trains arrive at Ottawa C*naral Depot :
*12.20 P.M. Local —from Boston, New York, New England and Montreal at MS a. m. Man Pull-nun Parlor and Sleeping fare attached.
9.05 P. M. Local—From Montreal, and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 5.45. j>. m.
FACTORY.
In connection with, my former business I have just placed In position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of	—
.g#	_
ch.,,rJ h°m® "rRt school): no one wi|l | ,T has male its appeabakce at 4 *y p. m. For Arnpi-ior, Renfrew, Eganviiic,Pem- take her place in your hearts broke, Madawaska and intermediate stations
Sash,
Colorado Beetle Causes a Scare
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
TILBVRY
IN ENGLAND AND THF. CROP HAS BEEN ,	DESTROYED.
And you would not have the void filled
1'	—-"Ur",4la"' "U"nn,? , ^	^ a ,acred thought in the you. I London, Sept. 3.-The Board of aJ
.,T^’rr*i°tUw"C>ntra,I)^t!	to come, to parent, and friend., that .he ricu ture announces that the Colorado
:^ did ‘Ce 10 the h0me " hng «! beetle in vnriou. .«age. of exi.tenco, h„
»•-	Tti,:MIX £
% 60 P M. Mired Train* from Madawaska, Egam 8 Ie up tM love apd,'>3 loVtd by those j known to breed in GieM Btit tin, although viUc, Renfrew, Arapnorand intermediate stations. *ho wi 1 ever ao tenderly cherish her in it has been occasionally imported, and in
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES	sweet and pure memory,	1887. when it caused a universal scare.
Central Depot, toll House BlotL wrsffî? " " “	r-XïL'.X
,sssassaasa?«ras
tom‘	. ''e bow in sorrow at the taking of I venting the spread of the beetle, ijat-
<1- arvpt Hattie, Jre mg that while the much as the oreaaflkctfd is an ieolated ripened fruit may be gathered,
A pleasure to show goods
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-clans work.
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future increase in business.
*
J016. ELLIOTT
"I
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
in pre
». Train* ran dally except Sunday, b. Sunday only, c, Daily,
MAIN STREET
- - SHAWVILLE.
teems j one imong the dcckshcdt
PROPRIETOR.
l
L
*
i
