###PAGE###1###

1


J
No. 21. 20th Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, NOV. 8, 1902.
? 1.00 a Year in Advance
I Pktnre framing done on the short ©et notice* at	Iminon'h Phot» Studio
Choice variety of Apple* and cj Fruit at KAMI, a The Palace Grocery.
Bring vour picture* and chromo* to Imi-*on and have them preserved in an up-to-date frame a select Stock of rnouldir ™ to choose from.
*hh wh i h..I been ga	into the
hi of fho Catholic church
Photo* of various style* and *ize* to choose from. A trial call solicited.
. H. Imihon. Photographer,
other
f Heed Office
OTTAWA, CANADA.
........tt,000,000
........ 1.7CM0O
MIujnkrt,~Oo to Mm. McCrodle'* at h I ; u s i d# for Fall Millinery,
Dhied^Fhvit :
f£S. Prunes, Date*,
Raisin*, Currant*, &e
Ceplta) j aid up
OF CANADA.
Keet
Board of Directors:
Charles Magee, Ehq., President. GtOROi Hat, esq. .Vice-President.
Ho*. Oeo. Ourson, Jr
ng*
Boots and Shoes
Pear*, IVache*
CAPITAL
- $6,000,000.
At Eakl's.
m -	_ Join» Mathrn, Rhq.
Ils*, hues*. Retj, Davip MacLaum, Key.
Dannie Mtaphy, Ehq.
He alto
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.	fu7M^t?rC th, IWyteriW were workii,
fit Offii'e . HAtifre«il that can t be beat elsewhere. Every pic- amt,nK he Ureek church people and had
•	• lure In guaranteed to be an artistic re pro- Opened sch o'* in order to reach the chil-
G10ROK BURN, D. M. FINNIC
General Manager .. .. Manager
Bran* lies •
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln. Kemptv lie,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
fMAWYILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved security af reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts of the world.
Alexandria,
Amprtor,
Aroamorr,
Unvetiiiilge,
Carieton
Cobden. Hawkeabury,
Lanark,
Parry Hound I'emhMkf.
schools
We are now showing a complete range of Footwear of the newest shapes and finest material obtainable.
Married it Yarn <n Oct. 14th, ly Rev,
M . No. man, Mr. O. II Letts, <f Bryson, l n
Quo., to Mies Alico Smiley, of Toronto. .	>,,r» MacKenney, of Quyon, i*
m	lL1	, ,	nsitmg her sister, Mrs. Norman Brown-
l e monthly me ting of the Pontiac 11er,
Teachers’ Association will be held in aw ville Academy on Saturday next at
2 p.m. Let every teacher make an effort to attend.
fut Portage
Winchester,
Renfrew
PERSONAL
de
do Bank 9t do Rideau 8t. Toronto, do fbimereet 8t. Winchester Vankleek HUI, Smith'a Falls
IN MANITOBA :
Place,
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one Uol lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Omet Hours Satuidats .
Ex-A Id. E. Wallace, of Ottawa, paid a visit to friend* at Clark* a Station on Saturday evening returning to the city OQ Monday,
Mr. Peter Twohey, >f Thu ne Town I Tin weak in Adve ,t, beginning ship, brought Tee Equity a sarnie of Nov. mb, has been set "apart by Arch-
1, Can. , produced in bin section in bishop Bond a* a week of special prayer Manager. 1t e line of horticulture. The sample is s in the Church of England.
Swede turnip weighing nineteen pounds
Dauphin
Wlnnli*|,
’ Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC | null,
j^^H*Shsw:iiigan i'slkflipil
Agente In Canada, New York and Chicago-Hank of Montreal.
Agents In St. Paul-Merchants Nat Bank.
Agents In London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Lt d.
Lachute,
Montreal,
10 A M. To 8 p.m
Specials
10 A M. TOl P.M
F. A. PARKER
Boys’ and Girls’ SCHOOL BOOTS, neat and durable—just the thing for fall wear.
The Rev. J. J. Lowe, former y of Bristol, in visiting in Shawville He preach-j at Bristol Mines Sunday morning and in St. Pauls church in the evening 2
Hr. and Mrs T. Argue, went to Bcachburg Saturday, returning on Mon-
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
HONOR ROLL FOR OCTOBER led ShawviUe Academy
Wanted At Okie, At The Equity Guard Your
office—an intelligent boy, far ly educated, Child’s fil^hf to learn the printing trade	®
Grade I—Minerva Caldwell J, Velma
row Ixiat will be run while the river is j «tçht Is the beet possible.	Horner 4, \ erna McGuire 5, Pearl Me- Mr. Willie Glenn, of Radford, who
A. McFarlan*. a Kyes scientifically treated at Thk Drug D well 6, Clarence Richardson 7.	-went out West in the spring, has return-
stork, Slmwville.	| 1^1*,.	attendance-Pearl	Eade*. ed home
Edith' VVadell, Gordon Smart. Minerva I
( aldwell, Winifred Tucker, Velina Main- Cculonok Dish. Sc hool Report for man, John Argue, Hiram Smiley. Pearl October.- Sr. Grade 4th—1, Emma Arm
Wils n. M. B. MacQrkoor, Teacher. ¦*«*>*; t Kitty Letts. Grade 4.-1, Marx
_____________ Mormon ; 2, Willie Sharpe ; 3 Inez Whs
ton, 4, James Proud foot. Grade 3.—1 Francis Bryson ; 2, Howard Leggo ; 3. James Sharpe. Grade 2.—1, Jean Leggo: 2. Mary Bryson ; 3, Athol Proud foot ; 4. Earl lTuudfoot. Sec. Primer.—1, Ethel Bryson ; 2, Jackie Moore ; 3, Mabel Sharp; First Primer.—1. Grade Beech ; 2. Harold Beech ; 3, Lindsay Costello. Primary Class—1, Johnnie Proud foot.
day
Our goods are direct from the leading makers, and are the best made. See them.
open
A social will lie held at the residence of Mr. Lionel Hod gins on Wednesday, Nov. 12th in aid of Murrells Corners Sunday School. Admission 16 cents. Doors open at 7, p. m.
Born—At Shawville, On Saturday, Oct. 18, to Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Horner a daughter.
... . . A A , .	, At Shawville, on Saturday. Nov 1st,
Æ; tesyAtsssrsi-m
Earle
Overcoats
In stylish makes and materials. They’re going fast. Of course it’s the quality and price that moves them so lively.
a eon.
Bbavkr TILL 1906—According to an
International	ordinance	of tve Minister of Lands, Arc., it I The Toads have	been	bad and the
Stock Food	** *t idly forbidden to hunt, kill or take I weather su changeable that	everybody is
Always on hand. All size* of package*. t'««ver«U anytime up to the let Kovem- 1 «; k ing I ,lu«
The cheapest and i*sL	her, 1906. Parties who break this law Threshing is the	topic	of the day—
The Druu Stoke,	are liable to a tine of #20 or f'*0.	good eating, plenty of work, lots of
Shawville, Que.	t	grain.
couple of car loads from McKee's station.	^ rwl in? , hM	w<»ald hnyo had «.roe • rouble tv get in,	To the Patron# and Shareholders of the
tuer.	Jtvrrytmng moveable that	the	as next night w sa Hallo we en ; and two	Clarendon Cheese and Butter Company:
Auctioneer Turner has a sale on,	e countered found a	new	young gents dear hunting got locked in	The annual meeting of Clarendon
of stock, implement# and effects of Mr.	•hiding place for the time being, and we	and we hare not heard whether they have	Cheese and Butter Company will be held
John McNei, Bristol, for Wednesday ***?*} 10 *7 thnt trick* wt‘rc perpétra ed got « ut.	at Starke's Corners on Monday, November
- ¦
111 ; in a goo time on t ne time* honored 1 other evening.	&e taking into consideration the matter
fe .tirai, but then it comes to the wanton | V. J. Starke bought over one thousand bohding a new factory for next year, destruction of property which can only be j lambs this fall	Vl1 stock holders are requested to be pre-
Buys in the exuberance of their mischief- which made things lively around the Cur- such tenders to be addressed to Andrew making do not sevrn ti think of this ; ner. '	Sly, Shawville. not later than Nov. 14th ; I
hut, in future years, when, very likely. Our storekeeper is doing a rushing bus- orto Darke's Comers not later than 16
r.d
season opened. Only a very small per. of battle scarr. d veterans, although hy m.n had hie horse taken away from Oct. 30.	Clarendon,
centage of this number belonged to the no *“e 'n® fl<)rr7 f,.,r th®r exP?J,1enceH. of there and left to tind out some way of
«s zasür&r" H* ft * -W £%*“<£ ~ sa üisctis: Jm.
¦&5MB3 sur jre s rw sasSt	~3 ™
SEE:	ErS&s^ *
rHHHSs EEBSE5 '»£SÉfrllir
tom fUm J. S.	a. mj n,i.=,| *?% itoTTuS*&*M
Since the C. P. R. took hold of the Pontiac line, about 7,0(H) new ties have * been laid on Mr. John Gibson's section.
Starke s Corner Items
L. Cakmk hakl
Notice.
Waterproof Coats
are now in demand. We have a good range oi them in stock.
Nov. 12th.
The Shswvi.'e Milling Co. received Inst week a large consignment vf choice Manitoba wheat which tested 64 ha. to the bushed.
Mr. Thou. Proudlock, an old resident of Litchfield, who has teen ailing for a long time, passed away on Tuesday of last week.
J. H. SHAW.
For Sale Cheap.
Hoi
Public Notice.
Palatable Sweet Castor Oil.
We
Given at Shawville this 31st Oct. 1002.
HUGH MATHESON,
Sec -Treaa.
Finest Italian Castor Oil sweetened and flavored to disguise the taste.
POTATOES WANTED.
Marriage of a Clarendon Lady
ppESS|iigI|||5|p52SEl^|lll
Î1C=1==  » E “•	S «5 Vsti? ÏJ7&
» *ssr ïü "±rs: fid*- •» ^ ** » - *•
Muir Co., of Brantford, Ont. It is the Robertson entered the room followed bj second of the kind in the County, Mr. ‘he bride and groom, who (ode their W#lsh, brick manufacturer of Quyon, be pUcea in a bay window, which was trailing the* first to introduce an engine of this formed in to a bower of Iwauty by lonj type in Pontiac. Our new machine was trailing vines and flowers. The bride met in Action by Mr. Baldwin, expert I beautifully attired in a costume of i machinist of Lacnute, Que., and thus far doaa its work eatiafactorily.
Anybody can take it.
Cars will be loaded every Monday, and partie# who have potatoes to sefl will please notify me of the number of bags they can supply. Partie* who have no hags of their own can be supplied ut J. H. Shaw'* store.
For
INFANTS,
ADULTS,
H. TUBBE.
Bad Preebyterians
TENDERS
for Stone and Cedar.
ARCHBISHOP LANGEVI.N BAYS THEY PROSE LYTIZR ROMAN CATHOLIC INDIANS IN
THE WEST.
WAS
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I i very «ilk organdie trimmed with milk applique and she carried a boqiet of creamy white
Not a year ago a dead lieat who lives trimmed with amilax and cut flowers. dial. Ilia grace preached upon the mm- ered during the coming winter on the cot nut a hundred mi es from Quyon was The presents were elefant and useful, sum among the Indians of the North- poration lot. Such tenders will he accep threatened with suit by • lawyer f..r a including cut glaee, eolid silver, Japanese wear, p intiog out the great field for work îf1 up \° nti?n ?,{ flrH.1 d*ï of Decern
biisstis? "“ Hgittswssx	ESVb
•• What good will it do you to sue roe V her dree# for a travelling costume of gray field.	I rented
he asked.	| broadcloth with velvet hat to match, and 41 It is a strange situation that con ! Tender* are also invited for a quantity
-szrz: r aastsisE3B3s?=*asaKagfea | the drug store
low leak his voies to s confidential whim northern tows*. Among the guests wers Hu graou spoke i f the nisei nary work tity of each size they can furnish, and to per and es d : " Say, if that e so, sue me George Dawson, of Ogden,burg; Mrs. of the Roman Catholic priests in (he Can have their tender* in the bands of the un for #20, won’t you, end give me the other, Hardendorf, Mr and Mi a, Bartholomew, adian Northwest, end complained of the dersigned not later than noon of Monday
^... a. «. J=s -y” tes. a ran «sa.
îemsine uDOoUecieds	Packard, of Madrid Spring*.	I chief endeavor* toward securing the Id.
CHILDREN.
Prepared specially for Medical use at
IU
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
A. SMILEY, Mayer.




IjL -i_____X%	, ¦ >. ___


###PAGE###2###
—




*
be. or thought to be, indicative of richness of land regulates the value dairy	qualities.	of the farm both in the market	and
In	the	light	of recent developments	in the operation of farming, Yet	in
¦¦¦jplp	iÉHHto	the face of this well-known fact,
many careful students of dairying millions of acres of our most valu-that a revision of the standards of able and productive land have been judging is now of greater nignill- allowed to deteriorate in fertility, than has been given to them The great problem of how to bring > in the past, are the digestive and them back to their former at ate of ** assimilative capacity of the animal, fertility is ore with which the best us Indicated mainly by the si/c and 'of scientists are working It is not nhapo ut i h" barrel, and the othvi the nervous system of the animal Of id I the functions of the animal A careful study of cows organism, none has been more modi- have teen noted for a large amount I land to its original state. A few tied jhan that of milk production, jof dairy prodmts, will show a. much facts in relation to the composition
development of the barrel of the so 1 helps us in determining
is	the l est course to pursue. One	of
The	bur-	these facts is that the poverty	of
mm
mm
° One day would be good—two better/' Is the quick reply o< Doctor Jack.

X
j FOR FARMERS
of science, however, it seems
'• We shall see. 1 have a plan whereby I think It can be done, without committing any official act which could be reported to his government, lie might fall Into the power of a oecret clique that has long defied our most careful scrutiny. They have even held one man ft r ransom, and received It, too, right here in Paris."
" It seems incredible," gasps Jack— the power of the police has appeared so tremendous to him that he cannot conceive of any men defying their utmost endeavours, and working such a game even in the heart of the French capital.
DOCTOR JACK.
*

Seasonable and Profitable Mints for the Busy Tillers of the Soil,
*
can co

By Sf. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Author of 'IDoctor Jack's Wife,** " Captain Tom," “Baron Sam,* "Miss
Pauline of New York," 44 Mis Caprice," Etc.
MILK IMtODUCING FUNCTIONS.
practical for a man to buy enough stable manure or commercial which till/eiH to at once bring back

for-
bin
****************
****************
The milk producing cow of to-day 4« 1 larger
mi artificial development. Her just in front of the udder tlum power to elaborate milk far exceeds seen in other <i.m> cowa. what nature iigned. Her mother rel sh< d la* decidedly pear-shaped, the land comes principally from f*
with exhaustion of the j> hint food that is
available. In the pro-
It is early In the afternoon when I he delayed express enters Paris. Our friends immediately debark keeps a sharp eye around for familiar faces, but those he hopes to discover keep shady, for he fails to discover them.
WË~	iBsm
Hj|S~ ™ gsgsgp: ; EppfSp	M :=5=5f si LxSîïf-r s
He known the Pasha Is In the city, watch our borders, scan the passports lor lhc,r trouble- As f,vr mygelf» you structure of the uih.er, and that	decided promit enev at who is insured against uMWissination
keeping track of them, and the Idea of all strangers, and make It our busi- i umVrstand 1 am t0 k,unv nothin* these cells are again broken down to	* h 1	! solely. The polity is for $000,000.
that the Turk will arrive in Con- ness to find out who they are wht- ! aVvUl the malUr Mo,uUeur Dupres form the milk. The wonderful tie- 1 ! ' f (1e,ilkM„v nervous H was when ho sailed for the Fast stantinople as early as themselves ther they came from, and why th?yr "ill do all you aek him when you give vclopmont of the blood vessels in .	. aim. st »lwv\s thin in to tako over the command of thi
gives him some concern. If some enter France. The moment you set th,e #lffn Irom me" Jb‘rc the officer 11,1 d ti,)OUt the udder, which carry	uhuhIIv rather too much so to | German fleet in C hinese waters soins
scheme could be devised to hold him foot on French territories enquiries be-	Jark 8 lmm,‘ nnd tta hc Presses t l<o netes»uy fluid lor (lie develop- ; .	’	.. fnnev buy or Put if in years ngo that ho took out this
back one or more days it would give CAn lo be made, and as a result I 11 allowg one fln*er lo r*st on the ment of the milk helps to show the !	_	*	nPrVous policy. 1 his assassination risk upon
them a start	know much about you-somethlng I other's wrist—It is a secret grip, and	<,'n,|î ",11<h tl:o work ot this lomrornmoni 8he also, has a power- Prince Henry’s life is held by Cior-
1 oetor Jack has been considering knew when you were hero before, but possesses a significance.	organ mist cm se on (lie energy oi (binsti\o NXstem, she will turn man companies, and there docs r.ot
this matter for some time—it made slnce men Doctor Jack has seen "A thousand thanks—I will never a,.lin!‘11 * l ft*r power lo elaborate f energies almost entbclv to the «com to be any M|>eciul danger of
ç ¦ rartu-irsics	— iTaz>\zsa. -5	- ststsss.sr&sz
iiüüisü=i	mmmwMm
his friends and goes to the theatre !t* UeglnSi First of all he tells of the salutes the prefect, and moves toward THE AMOUNT OF MILK.	There are many meritorious dairy «nomination, but that potentate,
at nlght-Patti or some song bird is aflv??lure Constantinople, and as the door indicated. Opening this, he ! proUuCod for tho first few months animals whose mums have never while heavily insured, has no special at the Grand Opera House, and our	a11 the wer,d ,oves a lover- especially	lin ts himself In another room, where a	a|tl|. nilvjl ,	jh , w al, indicated bv	bcvn found in the herd books. In	clause in hit policy regarding as-
frlends enjoy the sights and sounds ! a Frenchman, he soon sees that Mon-	little man. with a face very much like	a lar ,0 lUl(,	ca,)ftCiouî ..elder	when	f«ct, nbout 1,10 unl>' i’oint " herein	j «OFSination. lie is a great believer
that greet them here.	8leur le Prefect Is Interested in Aleck that of the first Napoleon, strides up thc cow jg	.. but nPrsislencc thoroughbred stock has advantages ; in life insurance, and considering tho
It is after midnight when they re- Morton-	*nd d,>wn. his hands behind his hack. in mjlk production a most valuable not Possessed by grades, is in the uinnner in whith the anarchists and
turn to the hotel, somewhat weary. Then he skips to Paris, and relates ; He nods pleasantly to tha American, quality cannot lie judged bv the Winter degree of certainty with nihilists s ek his life it is no won-Doctor Jack finds a chance to whisper	the event that has had ao strong a	w ho does not forget to advance	and	udder capacity of	the cow.	which H eir valuable	qualities	are	(Jcr. Within a Week of tho birth of
to the driver in French	bearing on his late career in Spain—	shake hands with him, In	order	that	q*0 (|10 producer	of dairy stock for	transmitted.	his daughter, the little Grand Ikioh-
" Walt—I have further need of your	his looking in upon a secret council	he nmv make u*o of the secret grip,	Sftiv ti)C question of breed is one of	The majority of dairymen will not	(dgn,	the (Var had her life	inservices."	of Oarliat* In company with the Duke	which is warmly returned.	i riiiie importance. Tho general	he brcedeis of thoroughbred stock.	Mired for	$2,500,000, and	his wife,
The man winks one eye. as though	Arroyo. After this he goes to the	" You know who Abdallah Pasha 1«.	! quanti tv ami	quality of tho	pro-	cither from choice or luck of enpi-	the Czarina, is insured for $750,-
he understands—he is an old Jehu, and	Pyrenees, and tells of the bear hunt	and where he stops in Pails ?"—Jack	ducts of tho	different breeds	will	ta,« but every practical dairyman	(MMb Thus the daughter is rated nt
on many an occasion has taken the	*n company with Don Carlos. Then	strikes from the shoulder,	as Is	gen-	Varv not n little	and should bo	should be a student of the dairy	being worth twice as much as tho
head of a family or the male mem-	comes the visit to Barcelona, the	erally his way.	carefully considered bv every dairy-	fonn nml of (lairy*	types. Hy	the	mother. The P/ar himself carries an
bers of a tourist party to the Parisian	n°wer girl« «Juggle in the street, and " Yes. Monsieur Evans. The Turk	mttn b fore deciding on tlio best	«election of the best thoroughbred	insurance	of $4,000,000.
Mabille after the regular perform-	j the mystery of the nun who nursed	hafl purchased tickets for the morning	brood for a particular purpose.	males on _thc one side, nnd the
ancea at the standard theatres are	tre in—he means to leave Paris on the Unprejudiced experience, as well as typical dairy form on tho part
° Doctor Jack sees his friends into «he share l»^Z%e:L:r'c%	""'.man.the rra,U, of experiment,, indicate
hotel, bids them all good-night, and, he a boaster, and is apt to make the as they believe, retires, but he has description of n scene too tame be-work to do this night. Three min- cause of his extreme diffidence, utes later he emerges from the hotel. Rapidly ho sketched his advent in
and comes upon the driver pacing up Madrid, the meeting with Mercedes, R. J	.	.	.	..	.	,	.	,	,	,	_	^
and down. Jack can chatter in j aud the bull-fight. Then comes the . ,	^	1 his does not imply that there
French like a native.	little affair in the Museo del Prado. . ÎL u Vl	a _	.	4 ar« no good butter cows among thc
“I am ready, driver." entering the	a mention of Avia, and the fact that :	. Tl bave	kei>t ,n ! ,arls _l,w® j	Nolsteirs or Ayrshires, nor that the
she is the sister of his friend Aleck,	days -three If it he possible. 1 hat	Jerseys or Guernseys arc always
" Where will monsieur go ?" asks ,n caotlvitv among the Turks. He "ni <*lve us a fa,r «tart—he cannot uiqxi-ofitable for the milk production, the man, with a leer, closing the door lightly describes all that took place o\ertike us. '	It simply means that the general
—the glass is down.	In Madrid, and then reaches the rail-	" Have you any plan Monsieur ?"	tendency	among	the	Ho Is teins	and
"To the office of the prefect of po- road Journey toward Paris, dwell ng	“ YêS» and a ff°°d one. too, thanks	Ayrshire»	is to produce	large	qunn-
lice," comes the astounding answer. on the heroism of Larry, while Just *°— ihe other frowns warningly, and titits of milk4 rather low in per " l^e diable !" ejaculates the Jehu, mentioning the fact that he had a lit- Jack adds—" the inventive powers of cent, of butter fut. while thc Jei staggering back, " then it is not to the tie excitement in keeping back the the human brane."	j seys and the Guernsey» produce
Mabille gardens ?"	mob of Carllsts meanwhile.	He proceeds to tell Monsieur Duprez much smaller amounts of milk, of a
" You have my orders—drive on."	When he finishes, to his surprise, sboul the secret clique that has long relatively high percentage of butter
" Oui, monsieur." Scrambling to this wonderful French official, who	baffle! the police of Paris, and the	fat
his scat, his mouth is in a pucker as has the interests of the whole republic	other listens quietly, just ns if he has
of a man trying to whistle, but un- in his keeping, reaches out and shakes not lain awake many able to make 0. sound, until several hands with him most heartily blocks have been passed over
There probably does not live a Jehu you. Doctor Jack—you are brave, and in New York who does not know you would conceal it v, here the mayor's office is, since they get their licenses there
every driver can tell you exactly light hidden under where the prefect of police may be Parisian papers published a long ac-found-even the dally habits of this count of the grand hull-fight, telling high and mighty functionary are well all the particulars of your heroism
Ah!
low ! not at onto
ce#» of years tho now unavailable )•>> <
| pel is decidedly objectionable and each year We have byt to put back
of imiilutlve on t h- I v ar by year ns much
ns we ini o off in the way of fir Several of lhe standard» for thoi tiltaer to gradually bring hack the
stock tiy breeders’ mso- land to a rich condition, by the for a straight back, annual Increase of available plant
food from natural cause» This is a slow process, but It is fur bettor than no process of rec.ii>cration.
Jack

SETTING OF THE TA II
ODD INSURANCE

ns-
1
of
AN ATTENTIVE DAUGHTER
cow, a strain of as valuable that on the whole the Ilolstcins and slock» "hen measured by their pro-
characteristically ducts, may, id the course of e l&R
Ho (after marriage)—"! don't set wky you are not as con sût leva to of
on me. Whatever is done to detain milk-pro luring breeds, while the generations, be produced, os van be niv	b ou l,sw* to 1,0
hiir., then, must be carried out in thc ' Jerseys and tho Guernseys are char- foUh<* among the best thorough- *	s
nexv few hours."	acteristically butter breeds.	] broda with lengthy pedigrees.	‘	i>, my < car, I am.
He— How do you make that out?
When T come into thc house I have
to hunt around for my slipiwrs, and
everything else 1 happen to want,
but when 1 used to court you,
father would
town, you would rush about gathering up his things, wheel his easy-chnir up to tho fire, worm his slippers, nnd get him both a head-rest and a foot-rest
to do was to drop right down and be comfortable."
She—"Oh.	|
go to sleep sooner."
The du so ! he would steal a march ! Ayrshire»
arc
of
Piles
ike manufacturers have guaranteed If. Bee Us-
u* li tho d.--'If press sod ask year neigh-what tkejr tniak of it. Yea oee use is and | tireur roco or ha at it not cured. GOo a hex. at Uâ dealers er KDMiifeoM. Bates k Oo^Toronto,
- Or. Chase’s Ointment
vehicle
and come in from
you*
IS
¦so that all lie had
METHOD IN FARM WORK
that was only so he’d
often
Lack of time is an excuse given for tie neglect of farm work while the
When nil is said, that may reason-BHIHHH n night en-	le regarding the
flavouring to concoct ways and means	different breeds,	however, we	often	ability to	arrange
of discovering where this gang held	find there are about ns great	differ-	avoid loss of time City business
forth.	j onces between indiv iduals within n men with grout interests and rc-
All Is soon arranged—Monsieur Du-	breed, as between	individuals of dis-	gponsibilities train themselves	to
irez is guarded in his promises, but	tinctive breeds.	think nnd	work systematically,	do-
Jaek has faith in the man, and knows Every producer of thoroughbred jng nS mUch in the five cr six hours he will do even more than he pays, so stock knows something regarding spent at their desks ns others do he hands over a comfortable roll of the relative value of families or
rent trouble is lack of
work so ns to
A GRUESOME PRESENT.
Two drops of blood from the bod; of Abraham Lincoln were given U thc Kansas State Historical Society a few days ago by T I). Bancroft, of Kansas City. Mr. Bancroft was in Ford's Theatre on the night ol the assassination, nnd saw thc President «hot. Blood from tho President spattered some theatre programmes, and Mr. Bancroft secured one of them. Tho bloodstain» are brown nnd faded, like old ink, but are perfectly plain, and one may see on the paper little sprays of blood that broke from thc large drops and stained the paper.
Mon Dieu ! 1 love such a man as
Better and betH	Iter—the brave a. 3 always modest.
In Paris But vou cannot expect to keep this
a bushel
Our
in a day by haphazard methods.
there a farmer is found has a reputation for getting along with his work better than others. It may not he his physical strength, superior teams and tools or favorably situated farm, but merely tho knack of doing things. A man of this typo acts as ginger and pepper sauce for a whole neighbor hood. Through his example other farmers arc stirred up, perhaps unconsciously, to do letter work. His influence on the young is of great value. A farm community without men of this stamp is in a bad way. ...	...	, indi-j Things drag along year after year.
nm*Sliltii
been known that there are certain	hlm, „ bard .hi, g for „ sell-
respecting young men to endure.
strains within his chosen breed, but I Here and when we have made a close |Who
familicsMgg
bills, and bids the other good-night.
*' This	pi care—we	dis-
SsBBH:	-
find the head of the greatest police , the little force of modern times at work—for
even
known to them
wo
INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES
As for
0mm* ffa I * beyond Logrono—I have had a full account of It from
of steps, at the bottom of which is a whivh g,catly modify the productive door, and this, as he opens It. takes vah|e üf thc animni8. ln fnct, it
him to the street.	scams a matter to ne regretted that
All that has happened In the last gQ muny Gf the high-priced strains half hour ht*s seemed like a dream— 0f thoroughbred stock are high-
priced more ns a matter of fancy than as a matter of individual merit us indicated by productiveness.
In tho end we must come down to
of s lection
Monsieur le Prefect has a holiday very seldom, and at certain hours Is always to be found in his office.
Jack knows himself where he is going—he has not spent weeks and even months in Paris without learning a few things, though as yet It has never been his fortune to meet the prefect of police save in a social way.
Leaving his vehicle in a quiet street, he enters a door—it belongs to no public house, and is one of the private ways for reaching the elevated office of the head officer.
On the way he passes two quiet men who look at him closely, and then silently bow, pointing onward this manner he finally reaches an ante-room, where he finds several officers gathered—they look like the aids of a general waiting either to deliver reports or receive orders, which is really the case them steps forward, looks him in the face, and says
" You are Doctor Evans ?”
a secret agent who was In the next compartment to yours, and I am proud to know the man who performed such prodigies of valour during that night.”
Jack turns very red in the face—he knows the prefect not only has a comprehensive idea of the past, but must guess his secret of the future—even hie love for Avis. He keeps in mind what has brought him here—does the wonderful official know this ?
" Monsieur, I came here to ask a favour," he says, and, as he expects, the other smiles.
he looks up at the sombre houses as though he can hardly believe his senses, but not ten yards away is the veMcle that brought him there.
Jack laughs softly to himself at tho tbe matter success of his midnight venture, and
Recently a school inspector arrived at a small town in Germany, and requested the mayor to accompany him on a tour of inspection round the schools. The mayor, ns he put on his hat, muttered to himself, “I should like to know why that as# has come so soon again?” a remark which the inspector overhear^ but affected to ignore. Arrived at the first school he began to examine tho pupils in punctuation, but was told by thc mayor, "We do not trouble about commas and such like.” Tho inspector merely told one of the boys to write on thc blackboard: "The Mayor of Kitzolbuttel nays the inspector is an ass." "Now, he added, "put a comma after Ritz-elbuttel and another after inspector." The boy did so. The mayor is believed to have changed his opinion as to the value of commua.
You ! thing# va i he done in that time
Reaching the vehicle, he finds his I external points in the animal which man inside fast asleep, but he is soon arc indicative of other points
value, which in and of thrmselxvs, what the American cannot well be judged, traveller « an have in common with the
44 I can guess it. Doctor Jack would have me assist you by detaining the pasha."
•'I may be asking too much—” be- aroused, and mounts his box, wonder-gins Jack when the other interrupts *rg, of course, him
“As a man, I would assist you with prefect of the police that he should every pleasure in the world—as the visit that high functionary at such an prefect of police In the city of Paris, j hour.
I must be more cautious
In
of
RICH LAND.
Thc man that dreams of farming for judging always imagines himself owning rich
land. There is no other kind that it is a pleasure to till. There is i what weight should be given to tho other kind that will yield a profit various points which are known lu from the operation of tillage |
Nearly all breeder# associations
have their standards	(g
animals of tJi.-ir particular breeds. It is a different matter to say just
# #
One of
80 Jack finally reaches his hotel

" Yes. I would see the prefect," re- ! Fiance and America, sister republics, again, and lettres to snatch a few plies Jack.	are Joined hand in hand in ties that hours' sleep—he expects to be on the
"He is expecting you—pass through 1 trust «hall never be broken; but we read with the morning, and after that yonder door, and you will find him,” j are a,so at P^ace with Turkey, and rest will be a stranger to him most of U the astounding answer Doctor Jack 11 would be a serious matter to of- the time, receives—he can hardly believe his fend officially one high in author-ears, for not to a single soul has he ltv M Abdallah Pasha—complications live clock, which he carries with him mentioned his intentions with regard 114vt* arlsen from even a smaller thing always. The alarm he sets for seven, to paying a visit to this place—surely G.an that, which have threatened the as he desires to get the others up, and the secret police of Paris must have Peace of all Europe."	| everything ready
supernatural power to be able to read Not for thc world would I cause tlon of the Pasha to take the nine-one's very thoughts.	>ou trouble. Monsieur le Prefect
Filled with wonder and awe—he Is was foolish to think you could give ; his party will board the train early, not the first one who has been thus m- assistance, not that I shall ever wph a double object In view, the first amazed by the power of these men— doubt your goodness of heart, but 1 part 0f which Is the fact that they Jack does as directed, opens a door. Boe cow more clearly that you have cannot leave Paris eat Her, and then
an official character to sustain."	again It will be easy to learn whether
the trip has been sprung. If Abdallah Pasha does not show up at the station for that tr: In, Jack Is ready to accept the matter as settled that the Turk 1# at that moment held In durance vile by a remnant of the once famous catacomb clique, who demand for his release a heavy ransom, and will be in no great hurry to collect it, possibly giving him a chance to escape after several days.
The
You Can Test the Kidneys
In his portmanteau he has a dlmlnu-
It was the inten-
And Find Out For Yourself Whether or Not You Are Becoming a Victim of
Painful, Fatal Kidney Dlseases.-Dr. Chase’s Kidney Liver Pills.
I twenty express out of Paris—Jack and
It la not neccsaury for you to consult a specialist on kidney disease to find out if you are a victim this dreadful	derangement. You	can	last	your kidneys at home,	and satisfy yourself	on this	point
Allow some urine to stand in a glass	for twenty-four hoyre,	and if at the end	.
sediment in the bottom oi thc vessel you can be sure that your kidneys are diseased . Pains In the small of the back, and smarting when urinating, frequent desire to urinate especially night. loss of flesh and strength, are other marked symptoms which indicate kidney disorders Make this test for yourself. Consider whether you have any of these symptoms, and If you conclude that your kidneys
are out of order begin at once to use Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills. They will bring prompt relief and will thoroughly cure you.
On account of their direct action on the kidneys Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pill, cure ailment, of the kidneys when ordinary kidney medicines fall. They have proven their efleacy in many thousands of cases and are endorsed by more people than any other kidney medicine extant.
rght
has effected a	complete cure I	can	now	saw wood or do any kind of work. My	kidneys	do' not	bother
" c—'•	L"" Am .	rïTm». .	V»	.
Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pill#, one pill a dose, 25 cents Toronto.
of
of that time you find
and enters a room, where he finds the prefect engaged In writing.
" One moment. Doctor Jack.” calls the officer, never raising his eyes from his work, and the American has another shock.
His coming is known. Just as though he were some high official business of a great public Importance instead of a private affair. Interesting to few besides himself.
He watches the prefect, notes the high character and shrewdness of the man as indicated by his countenance, and wonders what success he will have here, for the mission that has
Doctor Jack reaches out his hand for his hat, as If to go, when the other lays a finger on his arm, looks Into his face, and says “ Patience. Doctor Jack still ten minutes left, and we may find a way out of this trouble yet.**
at
I have
and his
\
CHAPTER XVIII.
His words give the American new hope, and he once more settles down to listen to this man who can help him so much.
" How long would you have the Pasha detained ?” asks the French-
<To R# Continued.)
me
-+
The nightly attendance at London theatres averages 54,000 persons.
a hex, at all dealers, or Edmae***. Sales & Qfa '
Y

Âu.	Jc f,L- . .>*




j£l
	
###PAGE###3###




I
UHASS AND CLOVER SEEDS Eve Tempted Adam.
flow RELIEF CAME
A SINGULAR COMPETITION
No other possesses the exquisite flavor of the genuine
A singular contest has Just
pin re
And Adam ham been tempting Eve
ever since. Imagine a man selling	HH
a woman rancid butter while keep- I *er® Placed a yard apart for a hurling her attention fixed on a “prize" r .van,N# and a local butcher had given with	the rancid butter ! A wo-	takim to pick each ono up eep-
man may	be tempted by "prizes"	Iil,al	• al,<1 return it to u basket at
to buy common soaps, that she may I \ °,,lvr of the line. The not know will soon ruin her clothes I 1,11,1 1,1 •owed to nccompJimh this per-and hands. But she soon finds out , ,,la,,e° waM fifty-five minutes, and the difference between common ! 1,1 hotelier succeeded in finishing in soaps and Sunlight Soap. She finds I,"1 fy-i*ight minute#
Sunlight Soap—Octagon Bar—a prize I nnt N<> HimPlo as it first appears, for In itself.	Her clothes last longer,	w 1,1,1	lu the seventies he was running
and her	hands are saved from	|	NO,m't	lung like 150 yards for each
stone, which was Increased to 200 at the finish. In this way lie covered a considerable distance— it in estimated between five and six miles.
¦¦¦¦¦¦taien
Birmingham «tone#
An Interesting Story From Icelandic Settlement.
RETAILED IN THE PROVINCE
OF QUEBEC.
near
an
From the Logbrrg, Winnipeg, Man.
The readers of Log berg have long been familiar with tho virtues of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills through the
well authenticated cures published Throughout the Province of Quo-ljt these columns each week. Many bee greater Interest is being taken of our readers arc also able to vouch y curly in the growth of red clover for cures which have come under ami alsike, with the result that tho
from ono of its readers, Mr. U. Wal- fur seed and tho good prices offered torson, a prosperous farmer living have encouraged the growing of
at Ilm, in which ho gives his own those seeds on farms which are pob ----------------------------------------
experience in tho hope that it may luted with noxious weeds, with the	...	, Al ,	.¦ .
benefit some other sufferer. Mr. Wal- result that much low grade seed is	*,	,,>v	S(,edmcn thcmselvos,	t hat
lei son mays:	"Some years ago I offered for sale. Another cause for	ir'e	nn mve	of Quebec	is	ft	dump-
w a s suffering so greatly from rhou- this condition has been 'the in créas- ()K.	_1,1 llC greenings from
mutism in my limbs that I was for mg demand for large quantities of „ 1 '	10 *r£Wn
11 long time unable to do any work, the best rev leaned seeds from Euro- '
I.tried in many ways to obtain a l>cun countries cure, both by patent medicines and system of seed control has medicine prescribed by doctors, but established, and only without obtaining any benefit saw Dr. Williams' Pink Pills adver-1 The screenings
Results of Examination by Department of Agriculture at
Ottawa.
The task is
own observation. This week acreage under these crops is rapidly ¦ has received a letter increasing. Tho increased demand
# I
220
ec.ewa.
CEYLON BLACK TEA.
APPLES and POULTRY
WANTED.
gross and clover
I> FI JAM JO PARTIES TO KNIT
for us at Uielr homes.	’
h n 11
or spare time. We furnish machine
IK,1-*1	I	u. yo„ l““
__	.	__________ . 6ay itl your advertisement that
Effort to Destroy the	I A .	j your goods are acknowledged
-ï avs S-SSws ïpHSïSSÏ æaæJcfes*T^la®B»» «
lias been so beneficial to mo. I foci trol stations have been established. 1 eft	the trade of Canada in time as lady's maid. The assistant	-«4__ 1 Thr H,.rhrr—"hid	K "J
it my duty to publicly give testi- A very complete seed laboratory is *%\*|| be^entirely lost.	starts by washing the face of hcr • iiaitntm nv wu» *v,	,	the bad ¦	h ¦ About
niony to the merits of this wonder- maintained in connection with tho L ,hl* bu6 i# the Pen Weevil, and companion, and from there goes over JJAUIN,S OI< *ESII AND GAME." f 3, T. v, ful medicine so others similarly United States Department of Agri-I !r;	1 jetchor, tho Dominion the whole body. The attitude of Is the title of a new publication you shave him ?"¦ lUar~-f' Did
a filleted may bo led to try it."	culture at Washington, and branch ^nl°n»filogist, for some yctîrs has • the cleansed is one of intense satis- issued by the Grand Trunk Paseen-
If you are weak or ailing; if your	seed testing stations have been es	endeavored to impress upon nil pea	faction, resembling that of a	dog	gcr Department for the information
nerves arc tired and jaded, or your	tuWished in connection with most	froWer® 1,1 the districts where this	or cat when his head is	being	of the hunter and angler who desires
blood is out of condition, you will	of their State experiment stations.	ms<?ct Duvalls the necessity of inn k-	j scratched. The pleasure the	créa-	to vimt that “Spoilsman»' Pnra-
bc wise to use Dr Williams' Pink	Whatever he the outcome in Can-	m<* a united effort to destroy this	turc takes in being thus combed and	disc," the "Highlands of Ontario "
Tills, which are nn unfailing euro for	adu, it is essential to a proper un-	f,rst' b)r Wllb°1lt unhy ,noro indivi-	sponged is really enjoyable to	the	and other points along the line of
al! blood and nerve troubles. Dut e’erstunding of the question and to*. * °^ort w*‘l be in vain, because, observer.	the Grand Trunk
be sure you get tho genuine, with the ' intelligent action that we have ac- jf a far,ncv treats his own seed peas j	—-4--	I lust rated,
full name, "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills curate knowledge of the quality of T . ca,'!,(,n bisulphide, unfortunate-	npTTCUT VtiinCl TIT Tmn	1 folder#
for Pale People," on tho wrapper seeds	•V that does not prevent the weevils	üÜjVÜjIi iJjAIIü 111 fmll
around every box. Sold by all mo-	TLA CED ON OCR MARKETS fr.om bis neighbors' fields injuring1
tonkin Macdonald County,	pound or per bushel at which it was	un?	m?ro universally.	Not	For eight years this man had	been
Wliilc in Ontario the Hessian fly is	offered for sale, and the origin of	°n X	13 tho carbon bisulphide	more	ailing and for seven years of	this
double trended, and late sowing is the seed.	6	easily vaporized in hot weather, but time he was unable to work. He had
tho chief remedy, and one which, The samples reached the Seed J a- jts on the insccta ifl much more Hack Ache and Kidney Complaint, having been widely adopted last	boratory at Ottawa under a variety	.!	lhnn ,n coId w®“ther. or	later	in fact he was all pains and aches,
year, is now bearing good fruit in	I of names which were unmivnilv	,n tho 8eftSon’ when the devils arc	He had been treated from time	to
that Province ; in Manitoba the intended to designate the grade or n thc torpid stato in which pest ,8 s,ogle-brooded, owing to |quality of the seed-but which really heie being no fall wheat grown served to confuse purchaser». Such
nem
Little* Jamie was observed poring	_**}	?	,"'s » gmmlnntiug test the	bisulphide is n colorless	liquid which
over n book belonging to his moth-	ÎV.	cn°'vn fro“' Pure 8<*cd that	readily turns into vapor wlieu ex-
cr on the management of children.	“L..™ l,horouShly mixed for the	posed to the air. except	in very cold
"Whnt are you doing with n. book	L“	l'or.Ctt™ test two hundred	weather. This vapor is	quite"invis-
lii.c that. Jamie ?" asked his moth-	a,'!llUeed;	»re t,laccd be- ible but has a very unpleasant
the supply of
where a thorough
become
FUMIGATION TREATMENT
the better
f J grades of seed can find a market.
from exported seeds
Used in tho Logberg ns being a cure jure forced on Canadian markets, for this trouble ami determined to hi nearly all the European
n dozen Hies	seed
boxes and before half of them Were Jim «ported tl.o guarantee system | Pea Growers Must Make United u*od I felt n great change for .the 1 bus been adopted, and all .seed is better. This improvement continued catalogued and sold under a definite from day
used all the pills 1 was completely cured
er had nn attack of this trouble. After this I used other ciiHos
I
I won't
conn-
ENGLISH SPAVIN LINIMENT
by
te,
scrape Jaggs by got into
Mlnard’s Liniment for sale everjulitu
Simpson—Young’s wife is certainly ft good manager." Sampson—"Of household affairs ?" Simpson—“No; of Young."
It is profusely 11-nnd is a very handsome Copies sent on application agents, or J. I). Mc-bistrict Passenger Agent,
to principal Donald, Toronto
Far O rtr fill j Tears.
i
As Ot
mm
THIS WONDERFUL CASE BORDERS ON THE MIRACULOUS.
•3
“You live opposite the Vanasters, I believe, Mrs. Knickerbock?" «aid Mrs. Cumso
of
“No," replied Mrs.
Like It Has Ever Been | Knickerbock, stiffly; "the Vanasters
In Newfoundland Where the Story Comes From It
Has Created a Profound Sensation.
Nothing Heard of
HESSIAN FLY IN MANITOBA
Minardi Liniment Cure! Burns elc,
Brick kilns ore now fired with ; troleum, 100 pounds of oil being sufficient to bum a ton of brick.
Pd
Never Need
Become a Serious Menace.
one
Messrs. C. C. Richards A Co. Gentlemen,-— My daughter 18 years Lifebuoy Soap—disinfectant — is I old, was thrown from a sleigh and strongly recommended by the modi- injured her elbow so badly it recal profession as a safeguard against (mained stiff and very painful
three years. Four bottles of MIN-ARD S LINIMENT completely cured her and she has not been troubled for two years.
for
infectious diseases
Wigg—"They tell us there is no marrying in heaven.” XVagg—"No ; fools rush in where angels fear to wed.”
time by several doctors and although he always carefully attended to then
Th, .... fumigation	£
was slowly growing worse.
Finally he went to the hospital where he remained for seven months, only to l blc case.
THEY PASS THE WINTER
Yours truly,
J. D. LEVESQUE, St. Joseph, P.Q., Aug. 18, 1900.
Dr
Minard’s liniment Cures Dandruff,
in-
sent home ns an incura-
Hi
avail. No one ever thought he [doesn’t he help her ?” could ever be well again.	in all
tie
4 4
tho
Bitted
# #
opera-
Oh, he puts his time agitating for
However, one day he picked up a I eight-hour day for the workingman newspaper containing an account of
f 4
nn
?HI MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
Millard's Liniment relieves Neuralgia
Teacher—Now,	if you take three
from ten, how many remain, Dolly?” No answer. Teacher—"Well, suppose I take away three of your fingers, t , what would you have then ?” Dolly —"Oh, no more music lessons.”
Strengthens the gum.

IN GOING TO NEW YORK
T
BY USING--
Standard American Wioke
first class
Sarnia lamp Oil.
¦	¦ Pullmans, timu of trains
and further particulars, call nt I WlHIeaale Only. Jim-"I do not believe that I have I Grand	Trunk ticket office or on
a true friend in the world.” Jack— Robt. S. Lewi*, Passenger Agent, 83 "So you have been trying to bor- Yonge street, Board of Trade build-row money, too, have you?”	ing, Toronto.
any

to
Carbon
MUSIC
plete Sheet Meslf Catalogues and Special Rates.
Beware ef Ointments for Catarrh ; Little Mabel—"Ethel must think that contain Mercury	! you’re lots better than any of her
11 SSaSaffiSSSSs ïssù	z Teachers âESS?
winch it is used to free grain of in- $smg? ihep will ie jstse fel$ te tu seed yee antl «he don’t when the others call.” W All I t 1#
Alnny almost sacred traditions of timothy fourteen days. Each test is Uic nursery have been cast aside by c°nducted in duplicate under idcntl-
the up-to-date mother. Even the cnl conditions, and when the dupli- (The pens or other grain must be left I once essential cradle is now seldom cates vary more than six per cent. |lll the tightly closed barrel for |" 1 found in the house blessed by baby’s j they arc discarded and presence. The modern baby is not fed every time he cries, but when
the clock announces the proper time The doctor baby is
cr. *1 want to see if I’m properly brought up, ma,” replied the precocious youth.
t
W1ALEY, MYCB 8 CO , Limits
I ¦¦¦ ¦¦ heat, air. and moisture is each under tho control of the operator. Aftei
THE MODERN MOTHER
356 Male Street, WINNIPEG, MAN.
WABASH RAILROAD
During the months of September
TORONJV, ONT.
Has Ways that Our Grandmothers Never
Knew.
of Caring for Baby
Demlnlen Line Steamship!
ington, Oregon, Utah, Montana,
British Columbia and other Pacific Const points. Tickets will he sold
routes.
best and juickeat from Canada to the above
no taste to it, replied | points. Finest equipped passenger,
trains in America.	\ WOOD 8 PHOTO. EMC,RAVING
Rate., time-table, and all parti- 33 J. L. JONES | NO
U»,V. •*'¥;"J, I •-“<v	-o-^S
, ,,	. Agest, N. E.'Corner King & Yonge
Medical men say that a good nurse | Sts., Toronto, and St. Thomas, Ont.

«suma
DURING TIFE TREATMENT
Sammy,” said	the teacher, via all direct
'what is meant	by nutritious j is th# shortest,
"Something to eut that route
48
hours to destroy the weeviis; it will, therefore, be best to place the barrel j food?" in an outside shed at some dis- ain t *ot tance from the living house.	j Sammy.
The late sowing of peas is certainly useful in preventing attack by pea weevil, but the method is not much
AO*
DT
AO#
A FRESH TEST MADE.
From the Province of Quebec there
nsMm M3SÊ
ai.(I bowels. Mothers greatest ity of these seeds retailed through ***** aro ,iab,e to be so badly at- I in a difficult case is better than rne-jiroblcm is a treatment for these ills out the Province.	* " tacked by mildew ns to reduce very] did ne, but when we can get a good
¦pfcpii
pEITrl
mMnêt — ¦ ¦ - *«BL It Mas frequently been stated, WAl 11	Is orderisg It constantlyV#
ÎT
-----+-----
Nurses’ Experience.

were
in favor with the farmers, because late sown peas in most sea-
CORRESPOND
THE BIGGEST JEWELS
with us if it is not convenient for you to call for information concerning
SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
mines of

eur
Deposit# may be made sad withdraws by ma it Interest at
3i*/<
Hpi twice
If |.ol
EPPS’S
rat maim 7 ai sine stem sialth
COCOA
•mm- jê tflti tunrtfeg Ll*
The Canada Permanent and Western Canada Mortgage Corporation,
Toroeto 51., Tereete.
f »
St
¦HHAmdre w's I have found St.


?
m **
i



&
A

LI

###PAGE###4###
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
THE COAL FAMINE
SH A W VILLE.
Wh< it ( *t andurd) Tu to 71e. Flour per barrel, $3.75 to $4.00, Oats per bushel, OU to 30e. Pease per bushel, 00 to 05o.
1 luck wheat, 00c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 00 cents.
Kggs, per dozen, l(k\
Rutter, per pound, 00 to 10c. Wool, per pound, 13 to 15c. Pelts, each, 85 to 45c.
Hides, $1.50 to $5.50.
Calfskins, 45 to 05 cents each.
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE. NOV. 6, 1902
WARE-KOOMS
•isit
ÎS


The free traeUra who never tire of shouting that the tariff is the parent of the trusts w ll r.o‘e with interest the report of the format on of a steel tube com* b rie in Greet Britain with a capital of #7,500,000.
T to jo ition to unseat Mr. D. A S ew art, Liberal member for Ltlgar, Manitoba, has been dismissed with costa against the petitioner. Mr. Stewart therefore retains h a seat end mu t be congratulated on having “agent»” who thoroughly understood the business of c >vering up their tracks.
Suggests a very cold time this coming winter unless you provide yourself with plenty of good Warm Clothing.
In Case of
Difficulty
See our Stock of
*
OTTAWA

THE LATEST DRESS GOODS, ALL WOOL BLANKETS, LADIES’ JACKETS,
FUR GOODS of all kinds,
MEN’ OVERCOATS TWEEDS, ETOFFES, and READY-MADE SUITS.
Rut Ur, print, 22c. per lb.
“ pails. 18 to 30c. per lb Kggs, fre*h,*22c. per do*. Potatoes, 65c. per bag.
1 .ami*, 8 to flu. per 11».
Mutton,5 to 6c. per IK
Reef, I to 6t\ per 11».
Pork, $7.00 to $8.00 per 100.
Oats, 30 to 32c. per bushel. Hay, $7.00to $10.00 per ton. Wool 11 to 15c. per lb.
with the horse the quality of the harness will tell.
y is told by a gentleman w ho present at North lb*)
Th
I
penod t
when Mr. R. L. Borden, the Conservative leader, and Hon. J. 1. Tarte, "met there fur a inimité or two on Friday as their trains crossed. Mr. Tarte came up the platform as gleeful as a school boy, bailing Mr. Borden with the characteristically dramatic remark you see I’m no more ; I’m no more.
" You lo ik pretty healthy, Tarte, for a man who's no more, 1 must say, was the Conservative leader’s reply as they shook hands.
After a moment’s further conversation.
HARNESS THAT FITS WILL NOT WORRY THE HORSE-
)
Well, Borden

and will make him feel perfectly at ease. We sell perfectly fitting Harness.

Hog For Service.
MACFARLANE BROS.
m	.	. Improved Chester White Hog Took Fii t
Mi. iarte posted back to his tram, ob- priie8 ilt Renfrew, Shawvtllo and Beech-
Do you notice, the | burg Exhibitions inis year. 1	$!.(*>.
h. t. McDowell,
Lot 4. 6th R. Clarendon.
pt'Htea
tie left
SMART & SMITH.
svrv mg as
«olor or our hats is just the same, nnd I with a merry chuckle at his own joke the ex-minister jumped into his car for the —
O
Desirable Farm Property
For Sale.

P. S.—Sewing Machines and Cream Separators.
1902
1902
In the face of well-authenticated report to the contrary, from newepipcr
correspondents, specially detailed to in- .	.	,	. , ,	„	.
es «Sï-aa
that gentleman apparently has a subordi- from the vrtlagv of Bryson, and intersected nate on hie staff, who has nerve enough by both roads leading to Portage du Fort to declare that the whole story is a fab- and Shaw ville
rication. This gent is Mr. Frank Pedley, N.or1t>h ^ vst °f ^ot1IM^*0,	111 %
who says the Dunks are all right, &od I and all neoensary outbuildings
ïronl'’b^TuïonYorktn "VufiP upin Lme°mn°^	,mi I Remember that wo are adding to ourreputation ns man-
a good, industrious class of immigrai.ts! having thereon emaili dwelling house " it !i	lltilCtUrPVS Oi HIGH (jRADh T LUI il,
It would be interesting to know just low mvessury out-hulk in#s ;	.	i i •
Af huch:»», are worth to him m eo.d On tho al.oro threo lots there nr.- aboil,	1
dul.ri and cents.	173 acres cleaml. The pmiivrtî^k well j We Want Hard Milling WllCat and Call pa)’ the
purpose*. ' tih> ' highest price for it. Wo have a large stock of Flour " ! "^ l!l llls and all kinds of Feed and can make Pit ices Right.
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
0
ÇLARENDON
ROLLER ILLS
||ICH CLASS # MEDIUM
FURNITURE.
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites
f
Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
t
watered (partly by the Ott
Tha importance of ore elcc'oral vote I oVm'r'sroTon for selling ' was never moreclear y demo..atrated than family ¦	Ï
in the North Perth election cue, in which the striking from Mr. Monteith'n count of one vote has net only di priced hi n of his seat, but has f< r the present doubled
majority in the Legislature.
By agreement between council on both I to the homes giten them by thr govern s des the Beat was to have been vacated, m nt. etch party paying its own costs. But as he jud{6 objeded to this sort « f ar rangement, formal evidence warn put i that one James Frator had voted in the
terms and particulars apply to
J. H. CHAPMAN.
Bryson, Quo
1

JAMES WILSON.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
Farm for Sale.
Fall Millinery
Fhvy are all of the most unde.iralle class i f people, and will coulinue to be a in | curse to Canada forages.
Wo suppose that the government or-p'ace of another James Fraser, si d leiv- ! gans * ill continue to defend the DuuIcing this vote out, the icsult would have hobors as being “ good pe< p'e whose	t ...	, „
teen a tie.	only fault is m strong religious belief ; but attractive dispxiy of ball Milhnciy
Another election will have to be Canadians of common tense will find | comprising held in North Peith, and if both nothing good in people whose absurd Fras-rj vote in the right place and for ! creed letds ; horn to murder their children the right man the rafult should be to| by itamtion.- Htmi t>n SpicVor. double Mi M eit’i s majuiby at tl.e po Is to two hi d to reduce Mr. lb s# majority in the llouse by one.
I
Part of Lot 27 of i he 5th Range of Clarendon—130 acres ; convenient to 81uiw-ville, Portage du Fort, Bryson and P P. J. R'y.; 118 acres cleared well fenced and well watered, soil, rich clay loam, and in a good state of cultivation, level, but with
to drain well, 75 acres ear. 28 acres of
Choice
Fall
THE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
sufficient slope
1y tor gram next y
_ TTi. hay. balance In pasture, of which 18 acres
üeaciy-to-wear Hats, la cleared, orchard of .M) trees, large com,	dlodiov.s hoti>*\ 2 barns, 40x50 feet, and
Dress Hats,
Feathers,
Ribbons,
Velvets, etc.
rea
liâc»e stable2IxW feet, fitted up with tnvk for hay fork. Ml foot shed, cow house for 20 head, pig house, wood shed, carriage house, granary and dairy. 50 acres ready for wheat next year. W ill be sold with or without stock and at terms to suit purchaser. Price greatly reduced for Immediate sale. Fur further nnrricul.irs apply
LIONEL HODGINS.
ILulfurri. Que
Goods
now coming in
FACTORY
Handed Out $2,000
MS. JOS DRVNBT PAID « ITT MONEY HE THOUGHT FOR LEGITIMATE t'SES.
(Formerly McCredie & fjodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
LET VS BE PRVUEXT
Muntrea’, Ovt.30—Mr. Joseph Biu
The Government of British Col uni bis
Las just refund an entrance into the I net, M.P. for St. Janus division of territory of that prcv'nce to groupa of Montreal, wai on the wrnvs* stand in Doukhobors who desired to leave the connection w.th the pr< CKdinjs to void
Canadian North West.	the election. The c wia %\ry li tie	ev.-i UIOC	*	If DACC
We be ievo that the Guvernmei.t of	dence of s ataifc'ing nature elicited.	Mr	ItrllvU	fle	IvICKAtua
British CMumbit is «’together right. We Brunet admitted h ?h g landed over I	1
have imported with n the lût two u- ! $2,000 of 1rs own money during the elec	.ShflWVillB,,
three years at much expense and with a tion, but he said le understood the	I Bern* the North East Half of Lot No.
sass. ÏÆ SUTSS. 5 i	,	------------- EësSsEPHâ
annoyance and peril than of benefit.	until November 17. The petitioner, J.	are cleared.	On	the	premises are ti Imm
A. man very well versed in immigration	EL Bergeron, asks for the unseating	and call early	and	make your choice : and small house.	For term* and fuller inmatters told us yeiterdiy that in a colony ! disqualification t f Mr. Brunei.	| Whll© these Stylish Goods last. I formation apply to Mrs. H. Barr, North
«•f recei.ty i r rived immigrants, there '	I-------------------------1 Bay, Ont., or
were not five absolutely tane persons.
We must natura’ly de?i:c that our | Tne Wandering Dcuka. I hundred nun, *omen and children from
ouutry should 1)4 peeled as rapidly as	  rhe Yorkcou colon ei wore l ist Wednesday
possible. On the other hand, it is of the !	thk	“crazies’ are sincere and	visiting the Thunder H. 1 pcopia. They
highest impor'.ance that wo should not I	determined.	had been visiting a number uf the cum-
admit among our sober* libcurbua, hon-	  I	muuitief, inviting them to j iin in die
•niable Canadian population element* of I	Toronto,	Oct: 30—The Globe publishes !	pdg image. Eight hundred of the various
national dissolution. We do not want the following specia7commumt'es around Thunder Hill were here the scum of Europe.	The mounted police are guarding the p^rmmde i by th e fatacica to j tin them.
"Le us develop ourselves, but develop Doukhobors women and children, at |	Thur^dwy afternoon the pi.gr.ms puss-
in a reasonable manner and along the j Yorkton, also keeping an eye on the far a- gj through Fort Felly, eleven hundnd
tica! males, in case they should become §trong, on their way to Terpennie violent. After a night of meditation and rjijagtt. Officer Harley, the local ofhc al of
Liberal, pet Iheorj Eapleded. |	I	” A
not g a hick to their villages. All night I “Large numbers of them,” he say a in his their% plaintively sad chants could be j report, “s+epped out of the ranks to say heard in the village, and all night they g,Jt>d-bye ana shake hands with me. In wrestled in prayer, and they are still ! the 1,100 people there were many more fixed in their purpose of converting the women and children than men, I should
mmsmtas
price or son coai.	1 the height of absurdity to suppose that | ferent pilgrims what the government
•hep intend any force. All day they were j would do with their peoph. He answered most ordetly and d corou».	this was a free country; that if th* Douk-
hi b rs did not want to stay on the farms and site? in warm houses and have ; Unty to eat they could, if they so desired, sleep in the open a;r, and go hungry and barefooted.
AT
to
now In stock at
The Starkes Corners
Cheap
Cash
Store.
Farm For Sale.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, TH E PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
A. LYON. M. D.
Slinwvlfle
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
Groceries always fresh
and select.
PATENTS
SILAS YOUNG.
1 PROMPTLY SECUREDlj j ROBERT G. fjODGINS.
Write for our interesting books •• Inventor'» Help" and ••Mew yon ere swindled."
Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you, tree our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted ty us We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington ; this qualifies us to prompt-, ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion recalve special notice without charge in over loo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacture and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
, Patent Expert* end Solicitors. <
/ New York Ufe B’ld'g. fUotreel (Offices. { Atlentlc Bldg,Washington D.C.
ordinary ru'ee cf prudence
OHAWVILLE’S
U NEW
Here it is ! The Place
The Toronto Telegram (Independent) expîojea the Liberal* theory, that a reduction of duty reduces the coat of an article to the consumer, in this effective
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
In connection with my foruièr business I have just placed In position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Farm for Sale.
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS.
A Farm in the Corporation of Shawville, east end ofMain St., 00 acre*of land, more or less, in good state of cultivation, well | front and rear, house, good barn, stable, granary and other outbuildings. For furt her particulars apply to
SAMUEL ARMSTRONG,
Shnwville, Que
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, 5bo.
watered
For which I am now prepared to receive order» and guarantee first-class work.
lages had been totally deserted. This 9 true in only one case, though in another village theie weie left I ut five ptrsoos.
In the third community, <f mhL'h this was leported, theie remained fifty-five #0*1#. In *\he de.erted villages' the departed 1 ai placed a man in charge to
pitgilros th«-y will adyise the depaitment, I IGF VRlfSKlUS find I Cits.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future In crease in business.
A Curse to Canada
I
HISTORY OF THE MOVEMENT Immigration Commissioner Moffit l as
That D mkhoLor gmn ?, sidcled upon
th s unfortunate country by Statesman	I	I
Siftoa, will give no end of tr mbîe. Those received from thd local immigration agent
of them who have marched to Yorkton at 8*an	hy mai] the following
without clothing or ford, and a bo refuee particulars ai to the movements of the to all >w their a^arviog babes to be fed, | Unities who descended on YoikWwn in are little woisj thaï those who remiin their search for ' the new life three
Shawville.
JÔIjN c. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
VILLAGES DESERTED.
It was reported that three of the vil




^ ‘ L
t


###PAGE###5###
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
THE EQUITY,
4
# A
Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interest».
PUBLISHED IVEIIT TMORSbAr
AT BHAWVILLB, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. . SUBSCRIPTION-ft.00 A TSAR IN ADVANQt.
¦ No paper ntoppod unlit nil arrearage# are paid, unless by special erraugemont with th? publisher.
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Rooms.
«
SHAWVILLES' . .
GREATEST STORE

A. SMILEY, Prop.
i



•\


The
0
zoi
MAfSS
£*s
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising, eight rente per line for firm Insertion ana four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch In-eerledMtli.OVperyear.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of i cents p»*r line for first Insertion and C oeule for subsequent Insertions,
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inatrur tin ns accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, rmrrtage and death notices nub-1 Imbed fired of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.

K
G. F. HODGINS

o
t
Perrin
O

For ïroüiiig
bien, Young Men and Boys

Sulkey
Bee Starch gives the best polish, with tho least rubbing and 13 guaranteed to
the iron sticking to ït requires no

Our progressive Clothing business is excelling itself in value-giving this reason. Persuasive offerings in Tailored Suits ami Overcoats are our forte.

Plow.
• «»i<
Pro
the .linen,
cooking—just mix with hot or cold water.
* ?
JOB PRINTING.
\ll kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order* by mall promptly attended to.
iade in several number#, are adapted to many natures of soil, but are all fitted with the Mine adjuniment» and carriages. The weight both of the plow and the driver is borne on wheels with dust proof bearing» and the strain on the horses is less than with any walking plow doing the same work.
The action and work of tli plow is controlled ntirely by the driver without leaving his seat or stopping his team, and any man, woman, boy or girl who can drive a team can '.«> more work in a day than an experienced plowman can do with any Walking or any other Hiding Plow, and do it
as well.
Every Plow is provided with a Spring Lift and adjustments fur regulating by Lever the width and depth of furrow and lay of the sod, adjustable lock for striking out and finishing up land, etc.
The
T,f
• 1
I A
FREE ." "'
A lot of three Patsut $Tii Lons Dick ltd, In exchange for izj Bee Brand coupent. 5a; ) ifisnt
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
I

BEE STARCH CO., MONTREAL
Business Cards.
s
MEDICAL.
Court Shawvillo,
He* SIS.
Meet* the 4th Wedne* day of every month.
Con rt due# muni be paid promptly every month. | W
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
Read
cd
DR. McNAUCHTON.
; I.O.F


PERFECTION BRAND
Î
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE t
at the new house built by JamesCuthbertaon, opposite ,b, E,Ub.llM$.*IAgl
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Sat-unlay aftemooniT Telephone in office.
Our Sack and double-breasted Suits are all made by union workmen. Wo have them in Black and Blue Worsteds, also in Tweeds in small designed Checks and fancy Woven Strips.
LtiC,
i
A. SMILEY.
a
H. 8. Babwett.F.B q
f. A. COWAW, R 8.
R. W. Hodoiwh, C. R.
3
<D
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M,
GQ
CEO. HYNES
F. T. M. C.
Qrsdnsto of Trinity UnWersIty, Toronto ; Ondtinto of Victoria Uolverfity, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. Colingo. Toronto.
: J. H Aiwiraowo's Rouan,
SAVE MONEY
.. AND ..
BUY FROM US

> 6
FURNITURE DEALER AND o
UNDERTAKER,
1 ISHAWVTLLB, - - QUE. j £
Ornce and Rnainsnce
MAIN STREET • * SHAWVILL1.
c5
- OVERCOATS -

o
legal.
The most popular Overcoat yet introduced, for Men, Young Men and Boys, made in Dark Gray and Steel Gray effects, with Cuffs, Slack Pockets, Velvet Collar, and Box Back. See these.

D. LECUERRIER
NOTARY PUBLIC, ,	|
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of every week. OÛtce at R. McC. Ritchie's residence.
d
A large, well selected and varied stack of | <D Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
j
EODBBEIO BlimiLE, L. L. 1
<D
A
i
Eh
IN UNDERTAKING
All Summer Goods will be sold at cost and below cost to make room for new Winter Stock.
BRYSON
ADVOCATE
• #
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. Ail calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night. •
Wm. gamble,
The Grosvenor.
o
ADVOCATE, *o.,
ora* : Trust Building. No. « Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
at bhawviu.e every MoxnAY. j District and Country.
G.F.HODGINS
Come and see our Prices.
E. B. DEVLIN, N|.A., B.C.L.
Toronto's exhibition this year was • financial success, there being a turj lus cf |11,000
P r#' fc *r« *if 0 »tnd t C !«** r») F «if liav#*
•lhV«dt d t i i* OMIMCirll 1 thd huidihK 1 f
imxf >e»r’a exhibit vain the as-, wetk of Augu*t.
ASK FOR
9
J. F. GRONAU - LADYSMITH.
ADVOCATE,
- 130 Main St., Hull
Will attend Court» of district» of Ottawa and Pontiac.
M/PteXv
i/f

St \

(LONDON)
UkiDI/^LIT After her arm wss cut off by a freight Q EOe	WKIwn I y (rant tl.o 'on ion old c’aughtrr of l«asc
F anci#, Taroisl*» June i «r, tm to her toute. She is txpecud to recover.
INDIA PALE ALE

mwm
É Im
advocate, barrister, ac-i
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC, .
TrW,tBtsSP8a7kS Street. Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
Attend ourts of Ottawa and Pontiac land.
Districts.	I A conn any hu» been formed with »
view to opening depots i i London for the sale of goods mauufac’urtd in Canada.
Sold aîl over Canada at Grocers, Clubs and Hotels. Those who are accustomed to using imported English Ales will find it the best to H be had. *
Fop Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street, QUEBEC.
The Noith Wtat Giftin Dialers' Assc-1
Mortgages, etc., executed legally ,nd eatls cowmi.-8.oner.	...... acre.
lacLorily.	A young man known ta D e. Uritivh
was el most imtmtly kill -d by a shot A German r.anxd August Speiberg,
from a revolver in the hen is of a jealous i committed suicide by throwing h. nisi If in
Italian at the Soo,	| front cf an r pprr achir« t rain at Dim
Capt. J. W. Powell, a Fenian raid vet- croisirg, two uvl* from. 1 embioke. His
NOTARY FOR Th'E I eran, a prominent Mason,"ur.d une of the	Wi 5 1 rrl ' ^ 111 ^
AND HAVlNQtiTT| founders of Whitby Cul.’ege, is dtad.	An unknown man about 32, wis found
Ti- c.,..'.. h. I	r/ f.r.1
. The man was formerly a saikr and was last sien in delirium tremens.
Rifles.
It is exp *cted that the principilehip of Qu-ioii'e College will be < tfered to the It)?. Mr. Patte:»* n of Aberdeen, Sjot-
We have bought a Bankrupt stock of Rifles as
follows
W. W. IRELAND,
Dr. S. J. Dawaor, ex M P., diicovorer of ihe Dawson route, is dead.
The Rough Riders of Ottawa defeated the A-gonauts of Toroi.t) on Si»u day at football, 20 to 0 thus wioiii.g the champi* nsh'p of the O. F. V. In the (juebea Union Ottawa College won from Britanoiia 28 to 0. and Brjckville defeat d Montreal in a ser ra of 2V to 0 McGill College won f:un Toronto University 16 t > 0.
... Price, $8 00 ...Price, 85 00 ... Price, GO
SPENCER REPEATER, 7 Shot, 56 Cal., Rim Fire. SHARP'S SINGLE SHOT. 50 Cal.. Rim Fire... SHARP’S CENTRE FIRE, 50 Cal
•f
o:
McDOUCrALL 5c CUZtfER, Hardware Merchants, • -
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
Sussex St. Ottawa.
s. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
MONET TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.	.
BRYSON - - QUE.	just pheei a splendid new boat on the
•• *—* - rûv.t:™
---------— hoar.	-	The resignation of Rev. Dr. Moire, for
Mr. E. H. R dgtrs, building inspector over 30 years pastor of the Bank Street _	for Winnipeg, says buildings to the value Presbyterian church, Ottawa, has been
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County ^ |3 000,000 have been erected, or are accepted, and he will receive a retiring
in cour» of erection in. that city thii allowance of (1,000 a year for a,i year,.
of any kind taken and disposed of by public eta ion.	A fatal accident occurred at Allan Broi.
So P«aRi*êôodaélwfVt‘ablwvln'e one. a William Perry, Elgin atreet, Hamilton, ...mill at Mlsaitsippl at.,ion on the K. mouth, a variety of article* always on wal using eoft coal in h's furnace when & p. Ry. the other day. Chss. Glenn, handlbr sale: Offlce : ShawvUie.Que. <41 cecape(|f very nearly causing the an employee, fell on the thiogle saw and
death by asphyxiation of his child.	was instantly killed, his ht ad being #1
meat severed from his body. Glenn was unmarried man and his home is in Clarendon, Que.	?	.
All British Cable Complete.

A claim of ten year»' standing which the old Jscquei Cartier Bn.k, had against the Gatineau & Pontiac Utilway, has been paid to the Bar,qua Provincial by the Canadian Pacific Railway Company, which puichaaud the Gatineau line. The amount of the claim was $107,000.
L ndor, Oct. 31. -The list section of j ¦ the British Imperial Pacific cable was laid n at the F.ji Islands yes’ erday. A con g rat u latory cable message reached K'ng El-Wtrd at Buckingham pa'a;o this morning, being the first message sei fc over the line which links the British empire together The cable was laid in two year*, which is looked on as a remaikably shoit time.!
The long s'retches through the Southern Pacific are relit v»d by connections at numerous Islands under British coot o', the last link being made at the Fiji Wan is.
It is a noteworthy fact that when the Commencing Oct. 12 trains will leave
scheme was first mooted these It'anda | Canadian Pacific Union Station^ inhabited almost exclusivd'y by
I
fera

Il W w
ure
; QTTAWA. NORTHERN
J
J. J. TURNER,
When Mr. Cli rgue made h b contract with the Ontario Government to build the Algoms railway, he sgeed to put 10, 000settlers along the line of the read inside of ten years The enterprising promoter was in Tomr.t > the other day, and, in an interview, stated that the con tract iu that respect would te ti lei in half the time Settlers are ruahirg in as fast as the country can be opened up for them. They are mostly from the Brit sh Is'ei and the United States, with a few from the elder province*.
-AN D-
WESTERN RAILWAY.
DAILY EXCEPT SUNDAY.
S. M. Donaldson,
were Pagans.
The Fairview Hotel at Camp McKinney, B. C., was horned. The guest# hat to jump from the upper windows. Man seer Matthias was fatally injured, and Misa Louise Smith, a teacher, ta misaing.
It is stated that a series of me.tinge are to be held at Montreal, Ottawa, and Quebec to boom the Irish Land League.
The meetings will be addressed by Hon.
Edward Blake and John Dillon.
WA CLOCKS	The G rani Trunk Railway earnings Oo* J
JEWELLERY. 15 to 21, 1002, were $679.617, and for Gaoler Appleby, of Bdlevnlle, who silverware the same period of 1901, $597,176, giving has b*en camping tt Mc 1‘nee s dam, in
an incie se of $82,491.	Dungannvn township, North Hastings,
0D1WVIÎÎP A |sn l,f ea8e Ver ,kt m 1	181 of wild cats. In fact there were wild cas
UflAW VILLbf II* I yeâr ^Uil,1o l^° ,ame f* r*0^*	In front of him, wild cats behind him and
A noti6cti(,n b.i been lecemd frtm w,ld c*t. VI eiound him. He couuted no
Col. Hontuambrri, D. C. 0-, that the '«>•	Pf \he fo"c(,oU'
HAVING PARLOR. I «EHStsS	2Ù5 :
r*n*rm\ fVrUr	stand hia ground and ti ng his >>inches
General Order.	ler into play. After two of ihe animals
Robert Johnson, a fainter of Carp, was had been laid low the others sneaked awakened at 3 o clock in the morning by away, but rot before the barking of hit doge, to find a pile of feelings in a s rieaof etiokssaturated with til biasing against Mr. Appleby loel no rime in getting out h*s house and two men makmg fur the < f the ewamp, and h:s n > desire to reçoit railway tracks, with the doge after them. - the ; erf 01 mince.
GRACEFIELD SECTION.
Lv. 5.05 p.ro., Ottawa Ar. 9.30 a.m. Ar. 7.40 p.m., Gracefleld, Lv.7 a.m.
WALTHAM SECTION.
Lv. 5.15 p.m. Ottawa, Ar. 9.40 a.m Ar. 8.45 p.m., Waltham, Lv. 6.25 ana
an
Uoukhobore Costly Citizens.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
A few days ago E. Bercdt, Denbigh, shot and killed a bear in hia orchard, where bruin was treating himself to a feed of apples, though a ten horse power threshing machine, with all the noise companying its operation, was at werk tin same premises, with n a few rode of the intruder.
The Doukhobo s, whose fanaticism lui them on a religious pilgrimage with York-ton, K.W.T., as their destination, or g n»l y co t this country $37,838. in addi tion to the expentes of thesgenti who sr
ranged for their departure from Ru-.S'a. I For tickets or further information apply In 1898-99 Hon. Cltford Siftou’s dtpirt- city Ticket Office, 42 Sparks St., or Union ment expend* d in their beha f $13,487. I Depot, C. P. R of which 819,000 was for bonuses. In 1899-1900 Mr. Sift m gave the Doukho-|H. B. spencer, b >rs $24.351, of which $22,688 was for
A t dal of 7,363 D^ukhobors

G-aa and Oil in well
JEWELLER
ac-
Pârkhill, On1., Nov. 1.—About eight weeks ago, while water was being drilled for on the farm of Sylvester At mo re, •lout five miles from PurkhiP, a vein of gas was struck at a depth of 210 feet. The flow of g is continu* « as air ng as when first struck. Mr Atmore has hud the well piped, and the flame can be seen for mile*, giving every indication of a strong flow of ga*. The Wrli has strong indication of u 1 and there is sn agitation to form a ccmpsi y to devilop the field for the i urpose of finding if either gas or oil can be found in psying quantities.
on
HBPfl
Lier stock or
14

GEO. DUNCAN,
Gen. Superintendent. Dis. Pas. Agent.
Ac. Ac.

bona es.
entered the country, so that the p»r capi til bonus was $4 50. Inaldition Csi nda paid at the time for provision*, melical attendance, travelling expens, s, etc. This year since the outbreak among this strange pe- p’e, the Immigration depart-maut in the we*t has had no end of trouble and s lut of expei.s). Now the
____	D lukholora are practically murdtriog
Victoria, B. C., Oct" 30.-Arnhibald their childiett and invalids ty refusing to Campbell, road superintend who is down allow outsiders to administer to the needs from Porcupine, says the boundary menu- of the help'era. N* t only ' list, but a remente alleged i#> have bien» discovered ligious outbreak invoking blued she 1 may and stated to be the demarcation of the fo low. And Car aia paid $4.60 per head Alaskan boundary, are merely the ruins for the perpétra ors < f euch outrage 4— of stone huts built by Indians,	I c mantled ;n tie naiiu of Christianity
RBTATRIkO—
A dPEHALlnr;

GOODS WELL BOUGHT. ARE HALF SOLD
HAW VILLE
s
To buy welt, watci the lair»t price* and in* forma tien in the special TA ~ JE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and RUtal Merchant
That Yankee Find a Huge
Mistake.
JOHN S^ITH, Proprietor.
The Dry Goods Review The Bestseller and Stationer.
Samples Zree
giving yent to their blood curdlirg yells
The spot for—
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
A Fashionable IIair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Your Turn next.



###PAGE###6###
*


SUIS HPESSIÏE ROOMS,1
THE PRINCE OF WALES
ROCK OF GIBRALTAR
PERSONAL TIT-BITS.
ENTERTAINING ROYALTY.
THE HIBiGLES OF STEAM,
An American Correspondent ¦¦¦¦^Future
What minais Doing^U) Neutral- Notes e(	About Some Dinner Given to William IV. and
¦_________________________
p.txo.üoo cents on the furnishing of >oung man who last November was them entire control of an «xeer«finir-1 Mr* ,JvruKer‘ 11,1,1 wi,il hardly an ex- might bo given in honor of visiting machines «re now used which do the MU clillrc house, there is ut least created ITinco of Wales ; but it has ly strong strategic a I ooint ,» id ice I ce*>1,°» tJl° bailing languages of Eu- commoner® at the present time, and Work of hundreds or oven thousands -!IK' IU4i“ W||V 1108 s|,cnl us mun.v bo*n keeping un eye on him since ) o j where « huge garrison could bo ro,>° “ro Uu‘Iull>’ 111 lll« tip of his fell fur below the height of elegance ul knmls, anil yenr by year fresh dollars <>n the iuimture ol a single rpturned from his coloniol lour, and 1 maintained with ample snnnlics nnd I l,m*ue'	* now set for similar entertainments. nnd “lore wonderful Inventions
y?;1 ‘fj:obtnlnTppllv.^t'1 *m, «Ambition	I nndlll %Ds IWWn"arr% f7mlk one^n^tUrty^ve^^^â
H	1	'x	x	1	mtuttUy com thorn P ltan* lhat ho im prows on uc- haw their needs in the wav of re- to become a popular act res®. All ^*h «n eye for effect.	half hours of working time to innko
1 \ i !m,!!!»v 1 ° l‘ar Vi#4 V «n (1,!v!!rL	,	,	,	I pairs promptly attended to. ltut her spore time was spent in studying Jt w«» summer, and the haymakers n ton <>/ hay, stack it, end make It
.tr, A , J ' “V,	°	1 Ht\-. vwnt t ’ < g l !ede1 ick formerly known the general extension tlmt has been the art of acting and practising it 0,1 tho estate wore drawn up on the i1,11° hales ready for sending away.
, f v ‘ y , . 1 ttV(;nur 1 P,art ,-, • U ‘ 0 , °	^ V,1 k‘ wae horn in given of late to tho range of largo with her two sisters in the thcxitri- sido of the fine old garden o;iposlte My the aid of various machines, in-
viuMer a\ thirk whlvh 11,111,0111111 !*"' Mnrv	ictoria	pieces of ordnance has materially cals they Jointly arranged. To 1he house; the men and women in cludin« 1,10 now hydraulic hoy-corn,	"	J 'tk .a* h hick berries in	of uk in 1803, and has four changed old condition®, and has ap- NUch an alarming degree did the pas- their hommpun clothes, the hay-curte feasor, the same work now occupies
* pttlnt,ftl house i^hihiitn, tluee sons and tt daughter, purently cleprh od this historic »ion absorb lier that at last her mo- *ud the handsome horses making a only eleven and a half hours of one 4 il- JLnd hat lnntMjts which iH visx'd bCV,u t,uit 10 would rath- stronghold of a considerable part of thcr, the Queen, had to forbid her cheerful nnd pretty picture.	|muns time, and tho cost of each
**’ iUsnnchU? n ttn ,,/î	Ch,idren lhan do ils Yall,e. Tho Spanish Government children to take part in any theatri- Their Majesties arrived at seven ton of hay is reduced by two dolL , t ? ut h m,llum * J o 11 u i s. nil u h vi nothing else, exi'Cpt, pos- ha® been for some time past cn- mis ut all.	o’clock	and tho company ®at down ,nrM- 1 ho world’s hay crop is about
* ¦i**,*e
SSmSmÊmÊmmrnmÊ ###:###
cd îh«tCthc'ymcrèU dwSr i t ioof " H 1 * "cema :IS though when"'Prinvc	°LD -NI'"SrArKIlS.	Walter Kaleigh was instantly ivcall- ' Morocc..’’ « visit to the Morocco
!.. |George comes to the throne fashion Make -vour •»<'¦ tüscnrded news- od to the minds of the onlookers, “‘V- /" u,e absence of the cap-
will have to look elsewhere for a >mi,rr8 8erv« you as labor-savers in- ' who heartily cJieerod the chivalrous '	s,<‘	^ ivceawd' t.y the chief	^	?”
modeled society will find itself 8t?«d ,uel- «"‘d "hen paring vege- action of the violinist.	; en«ineer and another officer probab-. “,H r'0,y Th7 L«
¦¦¦¦lie
us you did when you tried tho plan of p8.8	*]	. f. t. “PPotrance of the ta|,	,to JO.OOO turn a day.
emptying the sweeper in the coal Pr'mp< M,ms er m ,,ublic'	I However much thaw "sailors" may I I^r* „ero, ln, Dn,»'n nlon0 ovcr
hod Another paper laid under the A «tory is told which, if quite dilter among themselves, on one /';^ lofty factory chimneys somo
. IM
Nothing is left to chance in rnnH.. l,lv W,,UV1 ciouies, •••*—	lh	was a®k- argllc that it would be much Kdlcr ng€ pnte
each its signilicame, happy or un-	^	,,,	, ,,	lan °'er*	"Well, let the poor fellow go,” the first year saved $1,000 by being
happy. Felicity is expressed in Feb-	IIOIISEFIJESII	AS FOOD. 1	1,1C following amusing story is ro- say® the patrha. "You shouldn't nbie to use a cheaper class of coal,
ruary by the Ardisia Japonicn. Thus Some 13 000 horses urn «lut^hin,.. l?led of lhc Maharajah of Bhartpur. give him eo much to do.1* And It takes an Oriental weaver a clay it is a serious mistake to oficr the ml annually in -i nrivatn establish ®n?° \,slleti ,llC store of a mer- there tho matter ends	to produce a single square yard of
wrong flower and further'certain ment in Berlin <>. „i »nv nmi th," Clant,in ^ra who ha(1 number of j On one occasion a little light oc- choice carpet combinations of flowers are permit- ! meat is sold ’ chhflvV ’« i,, n t old wlr<M,lNl1 covers for which he cupation was found for one of the* ben
jted, but others arc rigorously pro- classes who are un.ble Lv°°thl • C?U,d Rtci no 8ale' The Maharajah crew, to which, it was thought, ho‘out in the same space of time, and hibited, and to each plant is at- very high m ire^ now	d.M i „ • sl?pped #up lo1UlL‘ <h^-covers nnd would not object. He was to hold without the aid of skilled labor,
tached a symbolic significance. Berlin for ordinary butcher8* mnnt	for, . whnt thcV w<?re used, j the ofTico of lamp-trimmer to the thirty-five yards of exactly similar »
I Special bouquets are made for ninch is Is. Od ner imund	*ho mendacious mer- sliip; but he did it so badly, in fact, I carpet. So great is the saving ef-
birthdays, deaths, for the first day ! flesh is also coiiiimr un in tho Wrt»ld c,!a.n/’ ' !hosc , al° ,he nvW helmets so seldom made any attempt at footed by this device that it is said jof . I he eighth month, on the oc- ns a dainty. There ire “*ï0 hutrh- W1IC1 t ,e Emperor uses for hu touching the lamps at all, that the that manufacturers will be able casion of entering a religious life. crs jn pa|.|8* W|lo snort ,7* t, , d household guard»'” 1 ho Maharajah officer i*e mo list rated.	shortly to sell best Turkey carpet
The place a bouquet occupies in n horses’ head on the slum front in- immediately bougjit the entire con- 8'Who are you, to talk to me?" at just one-third of the present loom is also important. A bouquet dicut ive of the wares within- ao - siK|imcnt» *nd all Agra were start lod inquire I tho Moor. "Don't yon price, and, at tjie same time, to in-.lias its proper place before the Ka- OOO noble steeds anmnillv nn«i iimir ncxt day io 800 1,10 Maharajah’s i know that. I am the Sultan'® cou- crease their profits, kemono or painting which orna- canVr in the McwZ of some mo | bodyguard trotting alongside hi. car- s n?” This disposed cfToctuully of ment s every well-appointed room in kitchen	•	riogc with these wire UiMi-covvr® on 1 further lamp-trimming,
a Japaj e e houa	I their heads
Between this
on
Oui
ONXS MILLION DOLLARS FOR A
BEDROOM.
SOME MODERN WONDERS IN
TIME-SAVIN®.
Cornelius Vanderbilt’s Magnificent Ballroom — Beautiful Dining-hall.
Immense Sums of Money Saved in Every Branch of Industry.
MU-
ptiid $0,000
tain, covers
AN ACRE (ÏF GROUND

The
I
must com#
THROUGH THE EGGS
employed four workmen for a year nnd n half, while the entire bedstead took two years to construct. To
i
1
PURPLE AND GOLD,
specially manufactured by a French firm at a cost of $40 a yard.
The window curtains are also of the same purple and gold, with under curtains of Brussels net and silk, while the rings and cornice arc of gold.
sum exceeding $15,000 was paid. The chairs arc all of ivory, beautifully carved, nnd richly inlaid with ebony, and gold, each chair representing $5,000. On the four doors which give access to thin wonderful chain-1 her a further sum of $20,000 was spent, while the rest of the furniture. including a wardrobe, which is a miracle of beauty, is said to have cost no less than $260,000.
The approach to such a sumptuous bedroom should surely be by a staircase similar to that of Commodore Gerry, whose house is only a few “blocks” «way from that of his millionaire neighbor, Mr. Marchand. It is true that the value of the staircase is only $100,000. or one-tenth of the cost of the bedroom, but it is still the most valuable in the world. This fairy staircase is of the purest white marble, so perfectly joined as to give the appearance of a single solid block. The balustrades, which are of a most intricate and graceful design, are plated with gold. and the stair-rods are of the same metal; while at the foot of the staircase are two gigantic mailed figures each holding in upraised hand a dazzling spray of electric light#.—-London Tit-1 Bits.'	j
i
i
1
A story is told which, if quite j diner stove when you me about to empty |	aptly illustrates the
the ashes	the	devotion	i lie
For tho window draperies a Each Month Has Its Flower and amount of labor In the same way. Saint-Saëns, the well-knoWn 1 nch
Each Its Significance.	And best of all, when you are composer, displays whin absorbed in
putting away the winter clothes, ******* composition
wrap them all up in newspapers. 0(1	10 Play
O' after
I
FLORAL CUSTOMS IN JAPAN
1

<
\

i
MAY BE SET DOWN AT $5,000
l
have the satisfac- 0(1 nt 1,10 Piftno tion of bringing out wliole garments brilliantly for when the cool fall clays
Tiding they have been closely pack- retiro, but
0,1 /..... " Do not leave the ' Playing.
tiniest loophole for these little pests I retired, nnd the host, Inter
with them not educated cr’s ink.
<
1
No
<
in
«
1
6
X
t
X
i
t
t
t
ii
The new llallensle-doub»*-pile” power loom turn*
t!
1
i
«t
V
t
e
r
«
t
1
t
o
British railway companies	spend
$105,000,000 a year on the	niain-
It is your work to clean tho ' tenancy of their locomotives; hut it deck, and therefore you must do j* a fuct that fully 50 per cent. * of /	the German officer to one the steniu is lost, by the present me-
HHHHHHBH	valve-gearing.	Mar-
miked tho shall, a Leeds engineer, has Invented Moor. You are a German and you & new valve-gear so economical of come here to work. Do it yourself. fteam that two engines fitted with I do not com© here to work. I am it can do the work of three with the
old valves. More than that,	vne-
fjflh
f<
I
ii
d
ss~&£i|	.......................
but it is doubtful if any city grows	charged Mausers or I.ee-Metfords it b1* country house. He begins i his
like London. Here are some figures.	BEAUTY v. BRAINS	would he a case of another "Six da*v M»vcn o clock with a cold
During the past fixe years 55 miles'	Hundred.M But what is more, such	bath. Then he goes for a	short,
of new streets have been construct- j	A physician	xvith wide experience	charges would stand no chance if the	walk before breakfast, which	is tak-	When a	Chinese girl	get*	married *!*v tlie en*ine 80	,'Ml
ed/ The total number of inhabited , al,1<>,,R t,ie	inswne has come to	the	enemy were around with the new	en *t eight, and consists of por-	her	attendants ure always the oldest	l*0**.
house* has been robed to 671,708,	J‘°nclUMon,	af'er examining	the	rifle that the British War Office $*	ridge, beefsteak, potatoes, and muf-	and	ugliest women to be found	in	new invention	can	hardly	at	present
the axer age of occupants is 7 9 per-	'rams oi 1,600 subjects, that	Na-	at present having expert* examine,	has with coffee. After breakfast	the	neighborhood, who are paid	to	** estimated.
sons. The number of marriages so-	1,,re m»kes	pa.pnble differences	be-	It is a rifle that can fire 200 shots	Mr. Roosevelt rend* thc newspapers	act	a* foil* to her beauty. It	is Perhaps no modern	machine	will	in
lemnired in London during the year 1 w,‘ni male and female brains. And a minute, or four time* the number nnd transacts such State business ns said that some exceptionally ugly *on* run responsible for the xvh* 40,010, ami the clever Begin- 1 iie f,'tirs 1 tbe tendency of too of any rival piece of military i» necessary with his secretaries for old women make their living by act-	morv money than Marconi *
trar-General says that Ihe number j	11 «location	or intellectual	de-	mechanism. The inventor claim* hi#	a couple of hour*. Tho rest	of the	ing as professional	attendants	at ! wireless telegraph	invention^
of per*on* thus joined together in j clopinent 'n women is to make	them	apparatus is at once simple, reliable	day is devoted to outdoor life, and	weddings.	i money sunk in submarine	rallies is
holy matrimony was "exactly ,oat beauty, He instances the Zero and serviceable, and can be easily after dinner he spends an hour or	* ---+------- 'over 350 million dollars. iheu- up-
double.”___	, women of India. They are supreme; fitted to any existing barrel-irrr two reading before ho goes to bed Nine new parks or oren soaces keep *,ve*. Ulirty cnb,e *h'PS C°'l~
¦'& rjr	1 "	•— —•	,_ 1rs — « -*-•»”» :
EgHransmit property, |jg»4 leave men of n othing to do Result, they are the
t ugliest women an earth?

GROWTH OF LONDON
k
of these Moorish seamen "Why should 1 do it?1

s\
b
P
T
ii

ft
LESS COAL IS BURNT
V
USE FOR UGLY WOMEN
li
mll-
which will be saved by this
n
c<
i
ti
h
«1
dj
it
m
dt
U
Message* cost tw?nty-dollers a ward
r ~~	-	I pare this with the simple apparatus
bi
(’om-

is
The Queen has four Women of Pcdeluuuber and four Maids Conor.
Bn Hi more holds the world's record for negro population. It ha# 80,000 Mâck inhabitant».
c<
ti
w
la






###PAGE###7###
%

[.
1
been drinking, called a huge negro, J A**####### (| #$#* 11(1111 ##2111* |ïmion» ore well understood, and
who was one of the boat'# crew, and fT	Q they are extensively used in gout	_
ordered him to prevent O'Connell w A	â ^ A. ..	w and rheumatism.	Specialist Says It Is Rapidly In-
from entering her. The black J i\DOLIL	2 "Throw physic to the dogs," they	creasing.
mm	te spf
rtrSi jsart sr % ™E *»» u».» ; r.;. % sraiu c. u “Jf z
=:=zs	™	B*ri
at O'Connell's face. Dut his hand white knit underwear dampened with Und lemons would work wonders in *aidthat he <	- thing o •	^
sr"	i	^ .wt,
through the flay of the miner’s slouch and then rub lightly with the kero- of an egg Is a common lemody for G^olt ypüccauseiio^ as » y
EE"™ EE"~H:H ImF 5"
ssa-stwearssr^jrx^rs^tLsssrssmzsa*;	--—
When D- recovered consciousness this treatment.	Oranges and pineapples make fine ho kne	.	,
t&Æs^SREswSsç: j fes
»~sE3SEHîkH S^ïffs-A rs
tionod, but the production ot the As a. bleacher, kerosene stands diminish.	normally stout if thore aro no other
bullet-perforated hat and the evi- high. Put half a teacupful into a	rs \ .	1,1 * .	t
donee of a friendly witness who had wathtub of water and then proceed "BE A GOOD MAN, PAPA." drinking a i ^ • u	S
mm
was all ready to start, and the ^ whereas largo lumps of rapidly horse and waggon wore at the door congumed fooc| do not gratify the
kiï followed ^««tlte, but stimulate a
him, and gate him a loving hug before ho drove off. "Mind, now, and bo a good girl,
"Yes, papa, I will; and you to a good
Looking back at a turn in the road ho saw Mary still standing by the gate, waving her good-by.
Her last words, "Do a good man,
" went with him. Did he not counsel as wc-1 as she ?
child
FAST EATING
WWOOffc ough to seo their signals. In the
" ' meantime, a tittle work was done — more with a view to passing time than out of regard for the Interests of the employers who had apparently so cruelly abandoned them on this uninhabited and seldom vie-ltod Isle. -
Four months thus dragged wearily away, the men maintaining themselves as best they could by shooting birds and collecting eggs and
Jim O'Connell and I were mate, •hell-fish, on nad on for year,. Thus it was One Saturday evening O'Connell that we were gold-miners together an<* 6 man namod I etere, having
at llondlgo, tried silver-mining at ***?Jf"“,'k1ln*11.*bout **° ,eh,or”
1,token Hill, and at a later date of "Wntw Island in quest of shell-worked side by side In the tin mince (,8h, delayed their departure for Uie at Mount Zochan, in Tasmania, bo- ¦"*•««• *«•»/><» Oil a much later hour sides conducting several prospecting *-han usual. When about half way trips ou our own account.	betwwen the two stands they en-
O’Connell woe a man for whom I countered the full force of the out-had a wholesome respect. He was Kn‘"g tide, and found their progress a quiet, reserved, good-natured fol- wHh the full water cask, to which low, who never drank too much, and they were harnessed by ropes, ren-who hated nothing In tills world dered extremely dlfflcult. After half more than a row. He was a man of a" hour’s struggle, during which Immense physical strength, an ex- very little way was gained. Veters pert boxer, and a magnificent swim- announced his intention of cutting mer. liis placid demeanor hid an himself adrift. O’Connell besought indomitable spirit, and I would as his mate to hold on until the tide Boon have fought a steam-roller as turned, but Peters, drawing his Jim O’Connell; the one would have knife, severed the rope which at-been a* uncompromising a# the oth- tached him to the cask i	x	afterwards ho disappeared in the (li-
ft was on one of.our prospecting rectlon of Copper Island, trips that Jim told me the partlcu- "Connell, left to himself strug-Inrs of his strange experience on Sled wildly for a time to hold his Copper Island, a brief hint of which own but the buoyant cask was tow-I had already obtained from a po- lnm out	to sca	1,11 (-ver-in-
lice court paragraph some time be- creasing rate	of «peed	and at	last
fore in the Brisbane Courier.	h« WRS reluctantly obliged to release
it seems that Jim was in Sydney, himself. By this time, however, he out of work, when ho saw one day was an alarming distance from the an advertisement In the Sydney ^hore, and he »aw tliat his only Morning Herald asking for & half- chance was In remaining afloat until dozen miners to proceed to Copper the tide turned, when he might hope,
Island—an uninhabited island lying hy its aid, to reach the land. rl he between Brisbane and Thursday Is- nighl_ was clear and a brilliant land—and there prospect for copper. tooon wa8 shining. Suddenly, to his O'Connell immediately made applica- horror, an ominous triangular fin tion to the advertiser, one Captain broke the surface of the water not
B----, a mining expert. D------ had three fathoms length from where
control of the business on behalf of he swam. Another and yet another a well-known Sydney Arm of ship- appeared, and the unhappy man preowners, who hold a concession for *cntly discovered that ho was in the mining on the island. O'ConneU be- midat °* a 8cllor)1 of sharks! Ltiering a practical miner of wide^1 ex- •x exlmustcd as he was, his position porienco, wm made the "bow" of *** & terrible one. In describing the gang, and five other men having his feelings to mo he said tliat lie been engaged and contracts signed should not have believed it possible for six months, the little party were that any combination of circum-
tiikon by Captain D------ to the scene «tances could have reduced Mm to
of their operations In a schooner 8UCh & state of abject fear a® that chartered for the purpose.	in ^hkh ho now found himself. Al-
1 iaving duly landed the men on ready he seemed to feel the cruel the island, whose sole Inhabitant» teeth rending hi» naked flesh,
they were to be, D-------- left them. >*« shuddered	with utter	terror
promising to return at the begin- scene was as	light aa	day and	the
nlng of each month with rations, sharks were plainly visible as they etc. For a time all went well. The circled round him. He saw one men were amply provisioned, and, monster suddenly change his direc-besidcs, there was some feathered tion and make straight for him. But game to be shot, fish to be caught, O’Connell was like a fish in Uie wa-and a fair supply of eggs of various and drawing Uie sheath knife kinds. The men soon settled down from the belt round his naked waist to work In earnest, meeting with he threw his arms above his head considerable success In their search and sank like a «tone. As he rose for copper. But the month expired, «gain some seconds later lie fourni end, contrary to their expectations, himself directly beneath the 'shark,
** Captain D---s schooner came not. an(* thrust his knife up to the hilt
There was still plenty of food on the In the monster s stomach. llic island, however, and the men	kept	wounded	shark at once made	off,
at their work and were not at	first	an(* 80010 other	prey possibly	pro-
uneasy. But when a second month rented itself, the others followed its elapsed and still there was no sign example, to O Connell a great relief, of the schooner they began to get By this time the tide was on the seriously alarmed.	turn, and after a long and exhaust-
Tho stores became exhausted, and ing swim soon after a far greater evil befell weary, landed
them. Hitherto a plentiful supply shortly after daylight, having been of water had been obtainable, at a eight hours in the water. His corn-spot where the islanders fondly im- panions had, of course, given him agined a spring existed, but no rain up for lost, ns according to the uc-had fallen since their landing,	and	count of	Peters,	who had gained	the
the basin becoming empty, it	was	shore in	safety,	he was, when	last
seen that there had boon merely a wen, drifting rapidly out to sea. surface supply, and now not a single O'Connell proceeded to the tent and drop was to be found on the whole pulling aside the flap, looked in at Island*	the sleeping men. Peters was slum-
In this awkward difficulty O'Con- bering as sweetly as though he had noil's resourcefulness soon showed not a few hours before abandoned itself. Everybody naturally looked his mate. O'Connell picked up a to him; even had he not been their piece of turf and threw it lightlj^Oll "boss" it would have been just the the sleeper's face, same. Digging for water ^proved and seeing ths| | ¦ ¦ barren of	result, and,	as	there was	there, dripping wet,	thought he
evidently	no water	on	the island,	looked upon a ghost and	with a ciy
O'Connell	determined	to	look else-	of terror fell back in a	dead faint,
where for	it. About	a	mile to the	his previous night's adventure hav-
w est ward lay another small island, ing left him in a weak state, and thither O'Connell determined to The little colony was now in a make his way. lie suggested that very bad way, being without water one of^ his mates should accompany save for a little which had been re-him. and that they should take an served in a kerosene tin. This last-empty cask in tow and bring back od till the evening of the next day, a supply of water 1f any were found, and then, when O'Connell was scri-Four of the men acknowledged them- ously contemplating a return to selves to be swimmers, but not one "Water Island" with the kerosene volunteered for the mile swim tin, rain happily fell, and all hands through the shark-infested sca.	were at once engaged in the import-
as it was more than one man’s ant work of collecting it work, however, to tow a laden cask, in the-cvcnt of success, lots were ultimately cast, and a man called | vessel was filled Gnnge set forth with O'Connell. The two reached the island without any misadventure, were fortunate to find an ample supply of water, and brought back their well-filled cask in safety. They had but one cask, and, as it held only a scanty supply for one week, it became necensary to make periodical visits to the bth-er island. It was, of course, impossible for them to take up their re-* it was none UPm sidence there. Not only was one of I) -—'s overdue schoonei their number a non-swimmer, but sently a boat was lowered, and priest, and there aro fixed charges
they had no means of transferring 1)------- himself, with a crew of three for priestly intercession.
their firearms and ammunition—up* men, was swn approaching the on which they now largely depended land. The miners met him with a for subsistence—their tent, cooking storm of inquiries as to the delay, utensils, tools, etc. Every Satur- but I) — apparently had no exday, therefore, a visit was paid to planation to fiiakc at any rate he "Water Island," as it caino to be offered none.
known, and each time the voyage He listened to the story of their was made lots were cast for who privations and the dangers they had should accompany O'Connell—for the passed through with the most inbrave "boss" always insisted upon suiting indifference. "You look all personally conducting the expedition, right, anyhow," was all the com-There are probably as many sharks ment he offered, and immediately in these waters as anywhere on the went on to make inquiries ns to the face of the globe, and the first few success of their mining operations.
made in fear and tremb- The boat was laden with provisions,
But as time went on and no and presently he gave orders to have


the
The Miners of Copper Island
a
much
And
y
9

fl
II
)
l
»
L
to
I
I
i
Shortly
er
will
such as
ed
*s long continued absence from I Is a disinfectant. It kills all invcr-the Island—of which his employers tebrate life, fio that many kinds of were entirely ignorant, and which germs are utterly destroyed by its came so very near having disastrous use. Kerosene will clean dirty win-results—was due to his detention in dows or mirrors, giving them a high the receiving house of a lunatic asy- lustre. It will make dull brasses luig during the continuance of a shine, if not ns well os some of the prolonged attack of delirium tre- acid and brickdust pastes used, still menai	" | so well that a little rub frequently
given keep them in dition, and one's hands do not suffer by tho process as they do if the
acids are used. After polishing brsss Buddhist Sect Believes Not in Me- | it should be rubbed over with sweet
dicine, But in Prayer
It
Mary, always eager word and the last
CRAVING FOR MORE FOOD
"Another merit that comes from slow eating is the effect on the complexion
a clear skin is out of the question. A muddy, mottled color is the result of eating in the rapid way that most persons do nowadays. If a person is found who docs cat rapidly and has at the same time a clear skin, it will be found that this person usually eat* so little that there is no possibility of indigestion.
"There are two other advantages of slow eating which ougl peal to everybody's vanity not mentioned more serious discomforts, such as confirmed indigestion, which is nearly always caused by this habit and no other keep from getting too fat and to insure a clear complexion seems to mo a sufficient reward for slow eating to make it worth while.
"Fast eating comes in a large me a* sure from nervousness man who eats in a hurry does it not
Woman Who Saw H.poloon ^v.|bcca^ ^ the Field of Battle
Mary," said lie.
must
For one who cats rapidly
man," answered Mary
FAITH CUBE IN JAPAN.
papa need the
He felt that he was only a of larger growth ; men and women have their temptations to do wrong, as well as boys and girls. For the sake of his little girl end his family he would ' be a good man" in
of the word; he would
oil and wiped dry. In the war with insect life kerosene is a sure weapon FaitfT cure as a remedy for the ills 0f defence. If the kitchen table is of the flesh is by no means confined seized upon by roaches, and used as and Christendom. In Japan one of n nest for the eggs, do not burn it The thc numerous sects of the Buddhists Up after ineffective scrubbing and has as its distinguishing article of scaldings. Put it in the yard and faith that nil human ills may be soak it with kerosene. Not an egg cured by prayer. This sect and its wjll live. In like manner treat any belief were the	topic of discussion	insect	infected	furniture.	An	odd
before a meeting	of the Asiatic So-	and easy way to	be rid of ants	is
ciety of Japan at Tokio, and what to put cucumber peel around those was said on that occasion is printed places where they appear. The in thc last Transactions of the so- writer has yet to hear of the ant ciety.	that would not lleo the spot. As a
The gist of the addresses was to hair tonic kerosene is a specific. Put thc effect that the believers are firm- a little in a jelly glass after putr ly convinced that they know by ex- ting out the light at night, and perience of many	marvels wrought	dip the	tips of	the fingers	in	the
by the exercise	of tocir faith,	oil and	rub into	the scalp.	It	will
They say, therefore not only that koep tho head perfectly clean, white their faith is true, but also that and free from dandruff, and will they have thousands of unduitablc bring in new hair, a rapid young proofs of its truth.	growth. Last, and most important,
In their form of Buddhism much kerosor.o figures as a household re-less stress is laid upon a future life medy. To quote thc woman from than upon the necessity of faith in whose experience of kerosene the order to secure
happiness In tho present world. Thc sect was founded by a man named Yanagita, born in 1798, whose character was simple and studious, who spent most of his long life in the service of religion
Early in his religious work ho claimed to have attained to the certain knowledge that all good things were tho reward of faith.
One day he met a woman named Rhimamura Mitsu who suffered from a malady apparently incurable but was
ht to ai> I have
every sense te honest in business, strictly conscientious, and keep his heart pure,
and
kisses
the same, what a happy world ours
might be 1	- v
I3ut to
his lips sweet ahd clean for If every man would do
AT WATERLOO.
The average

but
on
which seems to him more Thc American attitude
his mind important Faith euro as a remedy for the ills desirable to end the trouble of eating as soon as possible and get back to pleasure or business.
"But it is a mistake to suppose Americans are the only fast They compare very favorab-
All that one
A French newspaper gives an interesting account of a conversation with one of the very few surviving spectators of tho battle of Waterloo, a widow named Givron, the 100th
of whose birth is about
O'Connell, shaken and on Copper Island
anniversary to be celebrated in the little village j of Viesville, Hainault. She relates that on thc morning of the day of the great battle she ran away from her parents and made her way through the woods, being curious to see what was going on. She was close to Hougomont when the plate attacked by the French troops,
hours, The cannonade
that
above facts have been drawn : “I have saved my eldest boy twice by the use of kerosene. Ho had a fearful attack of membraneous croup. His father was racing for a doctor, who could not be got In time. I watched for the boy's death at every convulsive struggle for breath, when into my mind rushed a saying of my old nurse. ‘We always killed the croup with kerosene.' I had a horror of lier advice in my childhood, but then I blessed her as I seized my lamp, blew out thc flame and succeeded in forcing some of the oil into my child's mouth. In ten minutes the hardness of the phlegm was gone and t tho child saved. One again I used it and with none but good effect ; and while in all cases where I could have medical aid I should prefer to rely upon «ny doctor, still I feel that, armed with kerosene, I am equipped to fight croup and win."
caters
ly with the Germans hears of German slowness and deliberation seems to disappear at The Germans cat
the
more
table
rapidly than Americans, and, generally speaking, they cat more, which is u good reason why they should try to chew their food. The Eng* lish as a rule cat more slowly than
But as yet we arc the
Ho died in 1877
was
and remained in hiding for not daring to move. 1 ¦ having diminished she ventured
tho farm, out fled horror
Americans only nation that advertises a quick lunch/ Others may say tliat lunch
But only here
to-
ward
stricken at the sight, the ground, os she expressed it, being red mud, so drenched was it with bleed.
tho fields and reached the
cheap
is good or docs one boast that it is quick.
She
RESTORED TO HEALTH
Peters sat up, "boss" standing
by his prayers. Sho bccatne his disciple and together they carried on a regular propaganda of their religion.
A great temple was built at Ko-kura as the abiding center for the failli; and after Yanagita's death the woman went to Tokio to spread her doctrines; and in the later years of her life she wrongly pretended to bo the founder of the faith. Tho followers of this faith call tlicni-
ran across
Bois de Hancenoit, where she asleep, worn out by fatigue and excitement. At dusk she was awakened by thc noise of horse»' hoofs, and saw a troop of cavalry, headed by a
fell
VERY ARTFUL OF MOSES
physician of Vienna
from
A celebrated
one day received a telegram
__ „ B _ BBBBM	Cracow
man of short stature mounted on a thit ]K.r PJBHBPPBIBBB curvetting gray hprso. He Vas rid- Abrabamson was tcry ill, and ing slowly on, as if in a dream, q^ircd advice. This Motes was looking straight ahead and paying pnuwn to be one of the richest men
to what went on about
i equating him to repair with nil haste, ns Moses
re-
Tbe doctor, who had
TESTED RECIPES
him. The girl learned on the same an enormoua pract and was very evening from her relatives, when she finally reached home, that rider was Napoleon. Mme. Civron is remarkably active, and is particularly proud of her eyesight, which, she declares, is as good as it was seventy-five years ago. When her daughter, Marceline, who, as she says, is only 72, sits down to sew, from her mother threads the needles for her. The old womarti had children, and her descendants ber ninety-two.
of his race
¦ |	¦	L	Potatoes ana Bacon—The above
selves by a name, meaning Lotus	recipe suggests a very savory	potato teaching." They adopted this	tato dish. Slice raw potatoes	very
name, as they say, because just as	thin—enough to fill a granite	pio-
the lotus, rooted in mud, attains to pan or shallow baking-dish;
Tho tent |spotless purity, so those who fol- the top wit h PBÉ6ÜÉBEÉI
was pulled down and converted into j low thc faith of thc Lotus Gate at- and pake until both potatoes a canvas cistern, and every available j tain to purity in the midst of an bacon are done. Then drain of! any
CVl1 world.	drippings in He pan, and serve.
Two	days	later great	excitement | Charges of immorality and other	Season the potatoes with pepper
was	occasioned in the	little	com-	evil deeds have been brought against	an(i parsley.
munity, so strangely marooned on | this sect and soiuo of them appear Soft Cookies—Two cups molasses, this inhospitable	islet, by the	np-	to be	true.	The teachers	of the	0r«e cup	butter-milk, one cup butter
pearar.ee	of	a	sail to the southward,	faith	from	this woman, Shimainura	or fresh	meat frying*, one-half cup
evidently bearing in tho direction of Mitsu, downward have been ignorant 0f sugar, two teaspoonfuls sa Itéra t-the island. The anxious miners persons, whose ignorance is not us, one teaspoonful ginger, one tea-gathered upon the beach and breath- counterbalanced by superior sane- spconlul cinnamon, flour enough to
the nearing craft, tity.	make a stiff dough. Mix at night,
discovered	that	The	sale	of clmrmfl Is	a great	ict stand until morning, roll out
other	than	source	of profit to1 thc sect.	Frayer	an(i cut	desired thïfkuess. Rake in
Pro- should always be made through a a not oven.
busy at thc time, wired back :
•'My fio will tc two thousand
florins."
A second despatch urged him to without delay, but added that
thc
cover
thin slices of bacon,
and
come
he might surely do it for less.
less than two forii.s," was the reply Vienna, whereupon a final telegram came to hand directing the physician to fctart at once.
It was in the depth of winter and bitterly cold, so that the medical man was anything but pleased at the prospect of the long journey. Rut what was his disgust on Icing met at thc Cracow railway station
"Net a kreutzir thousand
seven
num-
SOME MISFIT NAMES
You must not think that turkeys came from Turkov, for they arc na- by a deputation <>f long-cont< d 1 ol-
jews, bringing tho tidings that
too late, as Moses Abra-
lessly watched
ÏÏÈffÈÊÊSMM
soon
Nor that Irish , ish from Ireland, for he came . And the Turk- hamaon had died a few hours be-
Nor fore !
lives of America, potatoes came they are American ish bath originated in Russia must you think camel's hair brushes are made from the hair of the hump- Vienna that night he was perforce backed quadruped. They arc mostly compelled to put up for the night at made from the bushy hair from the an hotel.
tails of animals. German silver not Moanwhilb the news of the great only is not silver at all, -but it was doctor s arrival spread through the invented in China centuries ago, town, and sick people of every de-and it is on alloy of some of the scription. both dews and Christians, inferior metals. Porpoise hide is besieged h s door. The sight of so not made from porpoises at all. many afflicted persons touched his Cork legs are not made of cork, and ^ compassionate heart, and he freely they do not con;* from Ccrk.	The gave them the advice they needed,
willow tree usually furnishes	ma- When he got to the station in the
terial for them. Cleopatra's Needle, morning, and was about to step that wonderful obelisk of Egypt, into the carriage, a Polish Jciw was made a thousand years before came sidlirg up to him with a know-Cleopatra was born; and really had ing smile on his face, and whispered nothing to do with her. Irish stew , in his car :
is an English dish. Prussian blue. | "Moses AbrahnniEcn isn’t dead t beautiful color, is not n mpsAii ; He was among those patients whom product of Prussia, but of England. 1 you advised for nothing !
And so, you see, we frequently find that our language has names for things that are misfits.
Chicken Salad—Cut up cold chick-into small cubes, moisten alight-? The special assertion made by the I ly with a French dressing and set priests is that diseases, whatever |Qn fee. Tho French dressing, which their nature, nrc healed summarily | is a very simple but excellent prein response to prayer. On the ethi- j paration to use with cold tomatoes, cal side of the teaching of the sect ! cucumbers, plain lettuce, etc., should
Tito* °ne
The priests have at [tablcspoonful of vinegar and pour their tongues' end many hundreds of ! this over a half teaspoonful of salt stories of alleged miracles wrought'and n dash of red pepper. Mix with as a result of * the prayers of the this four tablcspoonfuls of oil, stir faithful. They tell, for example, of it up two or three times mid it is the case of a poor lunatic in Osaka*ready to pour over the salad. Just who was instantly cured after many before tho chicken salad is ready to
and [serve lay it on crisp 1 uce leaves
over it a thick May on-dressing. It is nn improve-
en
As there was no train back to
is-
is essentially the popularized Con-1 be made as fucianlsm
MM
years of torment to herself wretchedness to her family.
and pour
The sect is large, but, in the op in- jnabe ion of the gentlemen who described ment to mix chopped celery with the it, there are unmistakable signs of | chicken for this salad when It is in
Lobster salad may be made
trips were ing.. £
mischance occurred the men gained these landed, confidence, although the sight of the "Stop a minute,” said O'Connell, triangular fin occasionally set their j who had hitherto spoken. "l>o you hearts beating uneasily. It is prob- think for a moment that after able that tho presence of the cask way we have been treated we| disconcerted the sharks, but certain going to remain here at your mercy It is that they did not venture to [again?"
¦¦¦¦¦	You
decay. One gentleman expressed the season view that "such superstition as this [in the same way sect involves	much longer
withstand tho common school and the public press."
thc
the
# 9
ore
NATURE'S RESTORATIVES. Honey is wholesome and nourish-
Ethclberta—T want a pair of slippers for pa Number ten, please, and—squeaky " Genial Shoemaker— "Squeaky, miss ? I'm afraid we
berta—"I am so sorry you make him a squeaky pair? There is a certain young gentleman who visits me frequently, and—and It would be very convenient for him to know just when pa fm coming."
WIÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊIÊÊÊÊÊEÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊIÈÊm&m& bare," was thc The miners soon settled down to a|brutal reply, ' until your contract
dull routine of starvation rations, has expired."
the monotony ol their life only | "That I certainly shall not,” said broken by the weekly trip to Water j O'Connell, and, going back to ¦¦¦ Island. Would the schooner never camp, ho brought His swag." come? A flagpole was rigged up in j am going back to Sydney, or at any the hope of communicating with j rate to Brisbane, in that schboner." some passing ship, but, although a said he; "the other men can do as
lines seen on the hor- icy like laou no veHNel ever came near
molest the swimmers
ing
Maple sugar is better than cane
maple m i up Is 1 cr
A teacher was recounting to some children the story of the loss of one sugar, and of the King's ships, and finished by than molasses telling them that, after hearing of Thc juice of pineapple ruts tho hi* sen’s death, King Henry never membrane from the threat in diph-
smiled again. One little girl in the theria	¦ ¦ I I	¦¦
class, on bearing this, said	Sour oranges are said to bo a
Please, teacher, what did be do good fruit in cases of rheumatism, when they tickled him ?"	The antiscorbutic properties of
"Jo*»n " said the wife tenderly, promise •' me that If I should be taken a way you will never marry Nancy Tnrbox." "Certainly, Maria replied (he husband reassuringly. "I can promise you that. She refused me three times when 1 was a much handsomer man than I am now."
any of that kind/' Ethel-
Couldn’fc
s #
the
"I
9 9
I 9
, Upon this D------, who bad evidently

i a m


we
l





1

###PAGE###8###
OUR
MOTTO IS
r
Stylish Suits
—FOli—
Stylish People.
E. HODGINS & SON’S ADVT.
0
Up to date we have succeeded in smashing all previous records in Shoe selling, but still we are not satisfied.
Best
Possible j|) j Values
For your Money.
ES
1
1
i
ê
Herv’s another one of these good things that always seems to find their way to this store—
That’s the kind wo want—don’t know how to make any other. We’re Experts you know—it’s our Business.
We guarantee to please you— don’t want your money if your’e not thoroughly satisfied.
FURS
<§>
OIL TAN MOCCASINS
Ladies’ Astrachan Jackets.
Astrachan Capes. Coon Jackets. Caperines.
Caps.
Coon Coats. Wallaby Coats. Caps.
Warranted all hand-made. Will not rip, freeze or soil your socks.
ti
BRING YOUR HANDS TO US.
Our reputation, which wa* earned hy making honcat work for past twelve years, is a guarantee that the goods which come from our establishment will be found to )>e in every way equal to City made at half the price.
it
We have one of the finest assortment of Gloves and Mitts ever shown in Shaw ville—all bought direct from the manufactures.
Il
-O
A. R. McGUIRE,
(i
The Boot & Shoe Store
M. STEWART, - Shawville.
»
Mens’
The Tailor.
<<
THE FAVORITEKEEP WARM.
U
S
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
BUY WINTER WOOLLENS

We invite special attention to our FURS, and feel sure that in style, quality and price, they will compare favorably with any in the trade.
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
Dress Goods
AT
WAINMAN’S.
Heavy Dress Fabrics are in great demand. Our stock represents everything that is new in wear or color. Camel’s Hair and Zebcline predominate. Prices range frm 15c. to $1.50per yard.

Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters. Woollen Underwear
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES !	vl'Dmte™ 't
Combinations, in all the standard makes—JBest washing goods made.
Goat Robes, Oil Tan Moccasins, Winter Mitts now in stock at
of which we have a variety in stock.
A full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
Agateware, Tinware Etc.iWoollen Hosiery
__ ___ ____ _ —- ' ___ . _______ _ _	Lamb’s Wool, Scotch Worsted and Cashmere.
G. E. W7 A. IH1NÆ A. H, SHAW^VlLLE. I	Prices range from 20c. to <>0c. per pair.
E. HODGINS 4 SON.
Woollen Gloves
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
Scotch Knit, Itingwood and Cashmere, Plcece-lined, in white, black or colored.
jajpc r.eicd, but wl ether (Siraiany ar d Enghnd wi 1 buy the region or s'tnply establish h c«».itiu! similar to the Anglo-\mkRican Egyptian atrargement is unctr ain. The
purchase plan is regarded as the meet ! l.kely to be carr.ed out.
“Th s acquisition of fVrtogieee terri-
Inflated Reports
THE NEW GROCERY
A Pointer
EARLY ESTIMATE OF
WES
• »
WHEAT FIELDS GREATLY EXAGGERATE!»
P. S
Compare our Clothing with others. You w ill find it in every case 20 per cent, lower.
AND-
San Francisco, Oct. 28.—The upward _	_¦
muvcmenfc in the price of wheat is causing i 1,1 rT w&# determined more than three considerable excitement in local conimer* j )'ear8 a^° *n il atreaty between Germany
oial circles, and the market is showing and Great Britain, which contained a	» m » I & f I ¦	0% Il mm æ*
more activity than for many months	Jfcrj* c AU8i to the effect above described.	I	ijftff	uSkS I	8	È 8 gl g	0_	|	fi j* S
The fact has developed that early esti*	; Vie ui,e. Wtrj #t d,st bacauae	I	MM	MM I	V	8 I 8U	/Kl	¦	m| I
matvs of the c op of this state were far	K.iti n escribed the Purtugueee |	I I 3 V |	time	mm	\J II	g
from the actual facts. The reports at	1 1 01 ^ to ^;*ee from war operations
first indicated a yield of about <>00,000 on the put uf the Doers, and lat eiaUy tons. Now that the harvest over the , ®}J ,	“ a!ixi"us that a n. « re
cop is believed t) he only 000,000 <r n •nairah'e feeling toward! England should to be done by the Canadian c imp my, he St. John, N. B , Ojt. 27 —The record trifle over. The extent of wheat shortage djTelT in lI ® f therlard btfo e the said: 4Ii will dus trim-Ail auti* bus nesi foi long marriid 1 fe eo far the Maritime is shown by the estimate that there will People are informed that whatever hope j with Eog’and and other countries, and Provinces ia concerned, is hold by Mr. be between 25 and 30,000,000 grain bags !(ii*n>any may have had of acquiring h’so an inland telegraph busineaathrough- and Mrs. Wm. Kieratead, of Golfings, in carried over this year, against from ten Loret c i Marques haa been g ven up." out the Dominion, Newfoundland and Kings county. Today they celebrated to fifteen millions in ordinary seasons. i» btlteved the British Government I Nova Scotia. The long distance station the seventy-first anniversary of their The great drought in Australia is turning wi:I l>-k,in expensive harbour improve- j at Cape B e on is now j rActicilIy finished marr age. Mr. Kieratead ia 04 years old large quantity of wheat in that direction mer<tl a* L »rtnjo M*rquei ae a ion a* in ! and ready. This station haa been cons- a id Mrs. KientUnJ is 00 year». They which would otherwise be shipped ti 80Vereigmty haa been avowed. The new trucked at a cos of approximately |100.- are s'ill quire hearty, considering their Kuroj* from this port a'though the lfrr;t ,r7 18 8 v*ry valuable to King 000.00, and the Cauadim Government )eam, and are di-volel'y otirched to each steamer Zoloma has brought news that Eiwara a South African possets ona. con r.bu el a Urge »un to its cojf. The other. Mr. G. W. Ganong, M. P. of St. the drought was breaking and I letter con-	———	station Will belong to the Canadian comp- 8 ephens, is a net hew, and assisted at
tlitiuns jirevai cd in the South Sea contin	Owned by Americans	any» and will be uaei for h ng distance i (he ctlrbin i«.n
tinent. The British ships Claverdon,	- burine,a and ocean.c buiinesa. Oth* t	cured from friend#	from	all	over the
Trafalgar, Gleocliva, Blythswood and	fifty per cent of the great industries	intend stations will be hui t fur inland	|f>vii ce.
Vi niera have all h:en chartered to load controlled by Yankee capital.	business. These coat much less, depend-	a fü<ltl) n	. .	. .	I to show people
here for Australia and other cargoes may	t	- tngupou distance of operation, and varying U y ^ Saturday between	I All well disposed peraons are expected,
h.i,f„r.x. ,«k.i.“;• ;b.ïîü'fcïir' "ts ; Vs xlatyouare
i; *^":£-JSrSïT	SSü&tiïr&frtScZ SCF-Rr - * - « • «—	««dm*** L&ssssis&WtiUrîs
tpiïpx s si£f^ m22* sssrcr&x aml *'»the «"•
upon the pentecost river which, from its ™angtd. These message as will be seen, threshed 1,058 bushels of spring wheat	m ,	,	,	vember of one year and the twentieth of
natural reaou-cei and condition?, is ea w*ire sent aciote the widest portv n cf the . , .	...	’ I IIV A Sample Order. , October of the following year, under peu-
HESS"-	t„=
present expeptunal difhcultiea, if there —-—--==	runningnt large, hunting or coursieg in
are any, s nee it waa no: only across large	Lorm fnn Cnln	.	such local I fcy between the above
holies vf land, over varioes great cities,	rdf III I Uf Vulve	‘ —¦	dates.— 1 Kil. vrll r iJ « a
Mr Willard R. Oretn. of New York Iinc!udil K LouJuT1'wb,ere Powerfu’e,e-tr c	. .	77, 
;EBCiri-I:pHslli! t«an wh,m a „„
5&5rja?~* " •“	m-eASsr-esrps-ss - Lssy-gtisssss
sHaanp
Af.ita, rortuguese lOTereigoty will !•] tarJy date.1'	Ih-mcat PocnHeo B.ll.	. '	Owner. I	S. M. LOGAN, |	W. W. I HEX, AND,
1
MEAT SHOP.
If you are engaged in any kind of business you make a mistake if you do not invest a dollar or two with
(Corner Main and Piokanock Sts.>
Having secured u new and fresh stock of GROCERIES people can rely on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspect our stock.
We also have on hand nil kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
A Call «elicited.
Asked as t » the nat ire of the buuneae
H. A. HODCINS.
The Printer
G< <»d w ii lit b were re
Deer and IV|oose.
M
Two Records Broken
| so now, but t out of kind-
CRESCirg TROTS A FAST 2 MILES AND PRINCE ALERT BREAKS HIS OWN RECORD F R A MILE.
are acr si
ceired an ovation fr^m the large crowd present.
Another brilliant performance was that of Prince Alert, who went against the pacing record for gel Lug» of 2 00 3 4, made by himself. Drive i by D.-m irest, the horse moved away like clock work, reaching the quarter in 29 3-4. the half
DO,the three quarters in 1 20 12. and ,	*	. ,	.	^
beating the former record by the three j “arcom System to begin Work.
quarters of a second, the time for the distance being 2 00 flit.
mentioned

Deiagoa Bay Now Bntieh



in*

M




