###PAGE###1###
X




Vol. xvr, No. 8
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q., THÜESDAY. AUGUST 11
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &o.,
lôfJ Main Street,
1898
{
SUBSCRIPTION
One Dollar a Year In advance.
a
“THE EQUITY”
Bo#t quality vinegar and pickling
J. O. Shaw.
Ffave you tried Dowd's “High Loaf” Flour ?
Preserve Jars of all kinds, very cheap.
J. H. Shaw.
Wilburn’s Sterling Headache Powders, .	,	. , J.
'•ure headaches quick, and leave no de* rl,yo" W|th Mr* lJ v* iI,lon For the
pressing aftereffects. Price 10c* and	year"» ,l*ft For Indian Head, N.
vv. T., Oil Thursday last.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Holstein and family and Mrs. Holsberg have returned from climbing at Otter Lake, where they were
L . Hi. Lordship Bi.hop Bmd, of Montre- |,hH KUti»|8 ,jf Mj. and Mr,. J„,. Murphy, lilrth, Msrrlagu end Death Notice. I Head Office Ottawa Canada, I high diving. yThe trained and intelligent Paul'i^h urch’ou’’Tuesday "niornin^laBt " Ttrnent, O t ht w a	u g I ! 1er uf‘ M r"' W m "
™E=™|	1 != I5EE SEES	-
I he Equity, had a call on Monday, J*»*00 among the farming community, opened an office in the city of Hull and from Mr. John Shea of Calumet Island. 1 he service consisted of Confirmation and intends making semi-monthly visits to Speaking to him, as to how mining opera- the Holy Communion. The candidates this village. Ills professional card will be tions are progressing Mr. Shea reports, For confirmation, of whom there were tif- found on the first page of this issue that the show of mineral on the property teen, wore addressed by Rev. Mr. Kan-
of Mr. Johu Ostrom, recently acquired by	oen, in a very impressive manner. Fol- ™_r* JJ* Barnett book keeper for Mr.
Drafts issued on all Hanking mints in the Domhi-1 Mr: Cowe,b promises, from surface indi-	[owing the ceremony of the “laying on of /• ,,0,-lr,s’ who with Mrs. Barnett
United butes and Great Britain.	calions to turn out very rich, and that	hands", the sermon as usual on such oc- I ana CJ*' * been absent for the past
Notes and Bills collected.	Mr. Cowen expects to have a force of	caions was preached by His Lordship. I month visiting friends in the vicinity of
Interest allowed on Dej^osit Receipt at current men at work in the near future. He says j	—— ¦	——	I Kingston, the 1 housand islands, and uth-
ra^8s	,	• the mineral is of a different appearance	LacroSSO	er places, returned home on Wednesday
te";,
among other metals, considerable percent order to accommodate the “Maple Leafs” Friends there.
age of gold; the ore is contained in a well I °* Quyon with a match here on Friday af	----?-------
ternoon, and although they gave the ag A meeting of the congregation of St gregation a long Indian name ending with . Paul’s chuich is called fur Tuesday evenorganizing the telephone service of this ^ a very creditable game, considering
jss. T”in* *"d I .-æs r z&txz vts:d
mm ¦	¦ ¦¦lii li	phoiie*f and provideithe same with minds to get down to good solid work
Birth. At Litchfield on July 8th, to	. e	Blake transmitter , the attachment	they	would	render a much	better account
ELMSIDE, QL E. Mr. and Mrs. H. T. Lunam, a daugh*	lri	0,1 Bell Telephone system, and	j Qf	themselves in	future	contests.
________________j ter.	I to otherwise thoroughly repair the line.
Only the best material used in the	have	been a little tardy in coming,
manufacture of the Chatham Want wag-	.ill,	we are assured, be much appréciât-
g . orsale by A. Smiley, Shawville. ed by the subscribers, who have found
The death occurred on Saturday last	the system very unsatisfactory for some
from Canadian cholera of Mr. Thus, I finie	past.
Sparling, of Thorne, at the age of 36
years.
NOTARY PUBLIC	|	m,!™' Sth'lï»°B.Î“n,‘hîî!’P,î“ I	,eo,M th. Mh.io. ,:«!«
KBteS £b™ —b' -	RTZ5
The Reliance Loan ami Havings Com-	montn.
pany** of Dutarlo.	Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Lough, of Portage “The Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway
Will visit Bryson every Thursday. 1 du Fort, mourn the loss of their ten will run a farmers excursion to the Ex*
months old son, Robert Hugh, who pas- perimental Farm on Bed away last week.
Personal.
spice
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shaw ville every Thursday.
Subscription* $1.00 per Anhwaa.
Mr. John Nesbitt, baker, who has been
Hull.
At Bbawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each mouth.
One second hand 12 horse power for sale cheap.	A. S. Smart.
2oc
0fïlce-over O. F. Hodglns* Store, Main 81
Advertising rates made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all part#of thecountry.
Fork Hams wanted in exchange for a first-class Japan Tea at J. 0. McGuire's
Special attractions of the Central Can
The Bishop’s visit
BANK OF OTTAWA
Charles Magee, Esq., President George Hay, esq.,Vice President
.	...	, Hon. g ko. Bryson, Jr
Court Shawville, Al"'
No 276	I	Dennis Muhi hy. Khq.
/. A. COirAN, Publisher
John Mather, Ehq David MalLaren, Bmj
Î thI

GEORGE BURN D. M. FINN IE
General Manager (Local) Manager
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
Pi
Meets the 41 h Wednesday of every mouth.
Court dueHmiîstbe paid üjZ promptly every moutb.
r Visiting brethren cordially Invited
]
fAOl
Ion
H. 8. Barnett, F.S
J. A. CüWAR, ILS
W. J. Eades, C. R.

Office Hour*—10 a. m. to 3 p. m. Saturday 10a m. • j to 1 p. ni.
Dr. J. E. TAGGART. L. D. S., DIS

I
defined vein, and there seems to be abundance of it,
an

I oitawa [3:c..cal and ©metal.
Corner of Bank and Wellington Streets, |
tar Special attention given to appointments made by mail.
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
Have you had the measles? If so many?
G. C. STEWART,
PHYSICIAN and SURGEON
(L.B.C.P. AND 8., EDIN.)
OFFICE,
Plebiscite Convention•
At the Plebiscite Convention, held in Hudgins' hall here Tuesday last, a County
th,a,year;p ayed a r.atl'er °1lo8erKame' and men of the various denomination, in the
on the whole are a faster team than our county were appointed vice presidents-
(Protestant and Roman Catholic). The following persons were appointed venere of their townships: Rev. W. Fyles for Onslow; Rev. T. A. Nelson for Bristol; Rev. Win. Knox for Clarendon; Rev. Mr. Ball for Alleyn and Cawood; Rev. J. A. Quincey for Thorne and Leslie; Rev. A. C. Ascot for .A Id field; Rev. Win. Black for Litchfield; the R. C. Priest for Calumet Island; Rev. Mr. Crornbie for Mansfield; Mr. Taylor for Waltham; the R. C. Priest for Allumette Island, and Chichester; the R. C. Priest for Sheenboru, it was decided to have a largo quantity of plebiscite literature distributed as possible throughout the county.
The above conveners weie requested to rally the temperance workers of their townships at once, and proceed with organ zitlon and prepare for the campaign.
There was an enthusiastic meeting in the eveving in the Methodist Church at which Mr. Nicholls, chief oagauizer for i he province, and others spoke,
1-
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L,

ADVOCATE . . BliYSON
Will attend all the Courts of the District, especially when required.
f
The match which lasted an hour and a half, including stops, was not marred by any jangling or “scraps”—incidents often too common on the lacrosse field,— and the only accident that occurred was one whereby D. Cadieux, of the Quyon team, had his left thumb broken.
The Quyon team were accompanied by quite a number of their friends, who with a pretty Urge local turn out including a large percentage of the fair sex, watched
Sept. 8th, 1898. the match with interest throughout. The
Fickots will be very cheap and good for afternoon was exceptionally fine, and the
- *"* 1
given in English and French, and a cat-1 were as follows : ever will furnish eatables for all, and the same will be guaranteed as there will be Hagyards Pectoral Balsam has no su | no failure in that line this year.
CEO. .<0 . W RECHTJ l)tirior fjr Coughs, Colds, throat and lung
* troubles of young and old. Pleasant to take. Price 25c.
con-
Farmers Excursion
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.

for
artiiuk mcuonnell,
a TTOHNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, que, will, atrequeHt.ttUeudallcourts In the district. All torrespoudeucr prompt- was severely kicked in the breast by a
,yw?n”o«idsUawvm.Q,nrhur»Uayoreacb I*0"6*881 week> a,*d. had consequence month	to take on enforced holiday.
soon as
Quyon.
Browning Cadieux A. H. Walsh Kingston Walsh Ga van Dale
The Bryson correspondent of the Jour- I
“Building operations are evi MHtVide
Shawville.
McGuire McArthur Murray McDonald H. Knox R. Hodgins Me Itae H. Ifodglns Douglas E. Lang Ralph W. Knox
Goal
Point
C ,ver Point First Defence Second “ Third “
I
Building Boom ia Bryson
Ce i) t re Home Field
72 MAIN ST. - HULL QUE.
J. It. Horner, Shawville, is agent for the celebrated Karn Pianos and Organs. Inal writes Some fine instruments kept in stock at his dent throughout our village at present office on Main Street.	I Mr. James McLean has completed his new
residence near the bridge on Clarendon street: Mr. Arthur Merleau has finished the construction of the stone foundation and cellar of his house on the same street; Mr. Joseph White has his house on Elgin street all boarded in, and is now clap
Will attend Superior and Circuit Court at Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac District when required.
Outside Home Inside Home
Meredith McLean
Referee—Mr. Bellamy, Arnprlor. Umpires—Messrs. McPherson and Hodgins Time keeper Mr. J. A. Smith.
Cutting Teeth.
Is hard on the babies. Tnousande die an nually from Diarrhoea who might he saved by Dr. Fowler’s hxtiactof Wild Strawberry, it cures all bowel complaints of children or adults. 35c. at all dealers.
E3T The Shawville Marble and Gran-JAS. HOPE & Co.	I iteWorks, Alex. McDonald, proprietor,
ms-anufacturing STATIONERS, BOOKSEL turii8 out a superior class of work in Mon-1er», Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository | uinents, Headstones, etc. Prices reason-f the Ottawa Auxiliary BlldeSoeiety,Ottawa,Ont
A Sidney Blockade.
Is a serious thing for the whole body and .	.	calls lor speedy relief. Doan’- Kidney Pills
boarding it: Mr, t red. Joncteur is rap- break up any kidney blockade and cure
idly pushing up his new residence on the | of Main and Elgin	; Mr.
Allan Carswell has just completed the stone foundation of a new house on Main street, near Mill street; Mr. Wm. Loth iau has the stone piled on his lot on Main street for his projected new residence, and Mr. It. J. line is busy drawing stone for the same purpose to his lot just across
the street. Mr. Richard McNally is also D^McIllto8h at Santiago, comes the dis improving h.s store and res.denco by pain-, , j ,ieW8 of the death of another Al ting the roof. Not for twenty years have t from yellow fever-Lieut. das. R there been such marked indications of re 1	¦¦
turning prosperity in our midst as at pro sent.”
The Raymond Sewing Machine equals any in the market. For sale by A. Smiley Shawville, from $20 up.
able
A girl named Clara Beaulieu, while . wheeling on Queen Street, Ottawa one
BA8hiwWUe' £ueK, r^ctVuUy	d,,y we?k f.°1.1 in ®f an electric
engagenieutuforan> business 1 n connection oarfanu icceived injuries from which she
with all Courts in the County. Collections died a few days afterwards, made md p-oiu ptreturnnassured	*
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
Shawville Produce Quotations
A Victim to Yellow Fever.
O
Oats........
peaa........
Buckwheat.. Eggs, (fresh,)
Wool........
Butter......
Pork per 100 Hay per ton. Calfskins.... Hides dry... Pelts.......
25 t< 00
to 45
De Clementine Gauthier, widow of the late Jules Ayotte, killed in the mills of MfLaurin and Company last week, claims $8,000 in the Superior Court as compensation for the death of her husband.
Two masked men, at the muzzle of a revolver, relieved William Butler of the Pine Grove Dairy, of $22 00 as he was his way home from Ottawa on Saturday night. The11 hold-up” took place about two miles beyond Cumming’a bridge tho Montreal road.
AN ALMONTE MAN DIBS FROM YELLOW
FEVER
I
JO
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, OFFICE : — COURT ST., SHAWVILLE
0 to 0 ... 1Ü to 18 .... 12 to 00 3.75 to 4 25
9 00 to 10.00
... 35 to 40 ... 0 t<. 8 . CO to l.Oj
Almonte, August G.—Following close the announcement of the death of
Accounts cntlerteil ami prompt returns made
All courts attended.
Steele, signal set vice < flieer in charge of the balloon corps.
Lieut. Steele was a Ramsay boy, the third son of Mr. Alex. Steele, was educated in the High school here, and learned the printing business in the Gazette office. After working in several Ca'i# à was killed on Friday night^ by being | dian and American newspaper offices, he
anz&sjttMJsrst	Curcd % D°*".
posed in the afternoon and thinks his we.re. runmn8 lway,n	, and a from Texas to Wyoming. Returning to	Kidney Pills*
stomach is not as strong as it used to be neighbor named Riopelle left Aylmer some Almonte at the close of his term, he made	--
William McEvoy, of Woodburn, Went ! TbqC'andt :"brâ% mold" Jhkh"	n^e ‘ in"::Z%' g,t:l . Mr‘ l Paterson, Croft St.. Am-
worth county, was a visitor at tho offices which first led to suspicion that there had |)oajtion in the United States signal sur ”erst» N. S., makes the following
°f the Department of Agriculture last been foul play. But the evidence adduc vice. He was amongst the first to move statement:	“Having been trou-
week, tie is a bee-keeper and since ed at the inquest on Saturday afternoon t0 tho fr0llt ofl the outbreak of tho wa% bled for some time with distress-#	;	U"e,h,s 1„° c,7n,el ” beea hav«	»« deemed sufficient to show that death alld wa, mentiontid in despatch „ by Geu. mg backaches and weak kidneys,
The advertisement of Messas. Cuthbert-	°ld and leaV68 8 W,fe and Lieut. Steele married about four years effectively in removing flic t rouble
z tSîa.'ïïLs: J525m?	te 1	- -
A. Smiley's undertaking business) will be	It seems that the verdict of accidental	Geary, is now with General	Mernt at I ? eu me to m) old-time form. It
found on the eighth page of this paper,	death in the case of L, Boyer is by no	Manilla, Philippine Island».	On	war	18 a pleasure for me to r^ommend
From it our readers will notice that Mr. means satisfactory to the relatives of the breaking out Mrs. Steele and her two them to others.”
Smiley retains an interest in the business. I deceased, who will take steps to have a little children came to Canada and have Doan’s Kidney Pills are the most
further investigation into the matter. lapent the summer visiting her many rela- effective remedy in th**‘World for
p ,	. Ü 1% P***' ll>, P®r °"nt of	with grave suspicion; this taken with the	two day. ago she received a letter	from	Urine, and all kinds of Kidney and
C CALDWELL.....proprietor I	J? *üf °?t °f th* cr?p	fact that evidence ia available to prove	him atating that he wa, well,	had	been	Unnary Troubles. Price 50c. a box
Thle hotel win ... „ „„d fnllv equipped hail atormofth.m •arts"’!» W.nl that the tw,° ”en..wer,e quarreling within promoted to the command of the balloon or 3 boxes for $1.25. The Doan for theaccommf dation ot th© public gpner-1	,	, ,	e®.	a8°* "*any a quarter of a mile from where Boyer • corps, and waa rejoicing at the prospect Kidney Pill Co., Toronto. Ont.
£SF-arisres	tisstitiertirrsti: srsrsrt,,as5£ ïïrs:£is? "
Ladles' and gents bicycles kept for Llrt |caU*f# -	| committed.	| healthy hills of Puerto Rico.	I
on
St. Lawrsnce Hall,
on
m9
Fatal Runaway.
Weak Kidneys.
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
It is reported that an Aylmer
apples
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al | ^ l,r large cucumbers which he wash First-class Livery Attached
man rc
A man named Elias Buyer of Eardley
\
PONTIAC HOUsp

(>




1




1

in the capacity of manager

SHAWVILLE, P.Q

u



###PAGE###2###
\

CITY OF SAN .TITAN, PORTO RICO
v!
i
On the Farm.
HINTO FOR BUTTER-MAKING.
The governor* of the Munster (Ireland) Dairy School and Agricultural Inat11 ufa recently issued some very terse directions for making butter, which may be of interest and* value to
dairymen on this side of the water:
The first essentia) to good buttermaking is through cleanliness, as dirt either on the oow, in the dairy, or on the utensils is sure, sooner or later, seriously to affect the butter.
Before milking, moisten the cow’s Udder with a little clean, cold water, and dry with a rough, clean cloth having previously rubbed the right flank and udder with a wlap of clean hay straw, so as to prevent any loose hair or dirt getting into the milk.
Milk quickly and gently, having previously washed, the hands. Dipping the fingers into the milk is a filthy practice, and results in a constant dripping of dirty liquid Into the milk, causing the milk to turn sour and bad very rapid!ly.
Milk the last drop from each cow. The udder of each oow should be stripped after the general milking Is finished.	i	1 '
Strain the milk from each cow Immediately after milking, through a few folds of clean muslin and into a cooler, which should be always kept, where possible, outside the cow-house and away from the manure heap. When all are milked, set at once in tinned iron shallow pans, at a depth of from/ two to four Inches in summer, an-tl four to all inches in winter.
To obtain the best results from shallow setting, the milk should bel sot directly it is taken from the cow.
The dairy should be kept us nearly as possible at a temperature of 58 deg., and should be dry, well ventilated, and surrounded by pure air.
Skim off the cieam with a tin skimmer at the end of twelve 'hours; but as all the cream will not have risen in this time, the milk should he again skimmed at the end of another twelve hours, and finally after a third period of twelve hours has elapsed, or three times in thirty-six hours skimmer should not be perforated, and in skimming no drops should be allowed to fall back into the pan. In taking off the last layer of cream, social care should he taken not to remove any skim-milk.
Stir cream well as each skimming Lb added to the cream vessel, so as to Insure even ripening or souring. Never mix sweet with sour cream immediately before churning, ns this causes
some of the cream to escape with the butterini'k. All cream for churning should be mixed at least twelve, hours before churning.
To obtain the best results, cream should be slightly acid for churning. As acidity develops very rapidly in summer, particular care should be taken to retard it at the proper stage. If allowed to get too sour, the flavor and keeping quality of the butter will be si>oiled.
Keeping the cream cool by placing the cream vessel in very cold water, will prevent its getting too sour.
To sour or ripen cream for churning in winter,heat it the previous evening to a temi erature of 65 deg. Fab., then add a tittle sour butter-milk or skim-milk (free from any bad flavor): wrap the cream vessel up in flannel or brown paper to keep in the heat. Next morning it should be sufficiently
IB
»
coon a
S»


/
i
i

m
#

£E
I

1
HE
ÏIÎ
>
I

I

!

e
"K

or




%
1
1



if
| "

N
/

.v
A
I
c
MJ<S

Civic Building and Public Square.
ESBPKK
lightly with it; then pxe.<s two or three { ut lKHitively benefiting it. as the ThoK*Oueen is the only person who | lairn the Conqueror had one which he tiin*s, cither on the hunter worker or sheep wiil devote most of their time to	t irrpst a suspected felon. No rode, ut the battle of Hastings, about
the keelor. with the wood hands. trimming down the hushes and eat-	cnn lie taken against her for which almost everything seems to he
After this the butter should bo laid	in(? the leaves which shade the land. I o	, .	..	the law and therefore she is	| known except lus name, lie was of
aside in a cool place until sufficiently	^rubbery, an excess of sheep should	f . . taking an arrest, as,	huge size and was a present from King
hard, and to allow th» salt to dissolve.	t>e put [n the cleared lot, and these	*	:,lff the suspected prisoner were	Alfonso of tywin—' such a gift as a
At the end of thU time t ho working	mlLst t,e ted, xune grain. so as to make	•'*	nt	no action for false imprison-	prince might give and a prince re-
be finished, when the salt should * tbeir ^m^^e diet digest better.	| nmIlt tx)ûld In* taken again>t her Mi- reive." This gallant horse, however, did
The law, indeed, assumes that not survive, the battle, for Gyrth, Ilar-
hich old s butcher, “clove him with a bill, and h* died." Richard I.’s horse was called Ma leek, and was jet black. He bore his master through the holy war and arrived in England before him ; In fact, be survived the king several years. The second Richard, too? had a favorite horse, called Roan Uarbary, which was supixwed to he the
FINEST MORSE IN EUROPE
about u century later
on
may	.	,	^	,
be thoroughly mixed, thus prevent-	_
LS.HS2 SSSSg&s&Sèz
WMmm sBËËs 1PÜH5
S#S ######
skin will decompose the butter.	assisting to provide capital at the	-—- Wars of tb- R****, and in the many
The regulation of the temperature by start.	HORSES IN HISTORY.	battles of that civil disturtiance a cou-
the u<e of the thermometer is of the	—	__	pie of horses played important parts.
ssss, üsrsnsto -* sss	« «««»,.-s power.	..........
should be without one.	-- pwr,,inl 1 *ri'9	Ma leek, a beautiful gray
Rutter should he packed while firm *|if u an Autocrat It ut There la Much * “ it is hfird to say with any near ap- pixie at the battle t>f Tow ton. It was
into neat, white vvckhI packages, free	««unot IN».	nrotich to accuracy how long the horse this home whose death turned the for-
ssnssrtf'¦?¦ *tT'??‘t‘,,Ve srasis
mont. A neat and clean package not the Queen, they are u >t unli u . CQn enly say that he ha» beert so from dpR^rutely sprang from bis favorite only appeals at once to the eye, but There are some very curious rest no- time immemorial—that is from the ear- horse and killed him. Then his men enhances very much the value of good tions on the royal prerogative. The	time of which we have anv re- knew that the kingmaker was prepared
......	T'L'iiïTi. "t T"-Ti". A“jr,r -yrr; mss
ready in it should t>e scraped off befoie c-ite witl ‘	J	they are about the most am lent of	There were two horses belonging te
adding a new lot of butter.	most	menial of her servants,	nor	t in wjj|c|| we know anything, for some of	highwaymen which were famous In
If a barrel churn is used, see that slu5 receive presents from her people th(>to are estimated to date from 4‘JOO th dr time. One of them belonged to
ïscïï'.xir^f.	“roj2L^tr.«:Vh“ zu «¦—— —
opening through which the cream is friends personally known to ner aid ^aparisoned horses than even men SI ill, lrish ïn rt>ior iron gray, he was replaced in the churn; have also tinned, jest y.	-we do not get any examples of favor-	puled by judges of horseflesh—and
shallow pans, “wood hands'* for nvik- , Ttie Queen could sell or	give	away *te horses until a long time after this.	th‘*re were some who were quite a#
s;™ "*£.r,d ,£„cÿi% '.‘,v r	nrvv.M‘".r.'„.n1':1 *-'•*' -- —-	- zrzi."»;': £ sïïms
supply of clean muslin for straining, j Russia, but she could not . p, n i a ^ly legendary, for though there is no l)e al»solutely without blemish find tc In large dairies a butter-worker should single farthing of public money w & th- doubt that Hector of Troy, existed, it be second to none. Another fainoui
™	BEEæEEH
by first rinsing in cold water, then j and could not create any ne	horses, Poderge, the cream-colored Ga- roblwry in London at 4 o’clock in the
washing with hot. water, and fina !y with fees attached to it. Neither	an(j (he fiery Et him. Hut the morning, and fearing discovery, made
sSSFk?
before being used should lie first scald- wages of one of hei footm n.	real as his master. The famous horse complish^i his ride of 300 miles in Mix-
ed with boiling water, then scrubbed sllp did it out of her private funds with salt, and rinsed w ith cold water. of without exceeding the allowance
ing
one
The
ter
which he
Imiter
ripe
The exact time when cream is ripe can only be determined by the taste, and a knowledge of the exact flavor indicating perfect ripeness by practice; consequently,all butter-makers should
attend the lectures given in their	"	made to her by Parliament,
districts, to receive a fuller explana-	GREEN F'OOD FOR STOCK.	^ curious curtailment of the royal
making th'S ,m|>ertant part °f !,ut,er’ In summer the pasture is severely prenfcgative is effected by an act of
To heat cream for ripening or churn- taxed, not only to provide for alaige Parliament passed in the reign of lng, place the cream vessel in a larg- herd, but also to make growth when g^^rge III. This act deals with Saber vessel containing hot water not ^ |and has not been supplied with Ulth breaking, and in it it is distinct-	.	.	,	,
exceeding 110 deg.; keep the cream	. tbe {orm „f manure or ! ]y stated that the monarch cannot horse and began by turn.ng his head
Sssux^rrJK; 'i? sss —- ¦*	«.«*««»«*«»»•»
cloth	until	half	full.	long enough to give the grass astait.	^saue a proclamation	contrary	to law,	for that purpose to his master. He died
Commence	churning rather slowly at As the crois so grown can be used at	jf, for instance, it were the	law of	at the age of 60, and his master built
first, ventilate frequently, increase the any stage it requires but a short time England, that no train .should travel his mausoleum the city of Isuce-6r)eed gradually up to from 40 to 45 to provide such green food for the at a rate exceeding fifty miles an phala.
revolutions per minute with barrel stock. But little labor is required, the hour, the Queen could not issue a, Readers of Macaulay will remember churn, and slow again towards the fin- iand being stirred with a disc cultiva- proclamation exempting a certain the famous black Auster, the horse of
tor. and the* seed broadcasted, and the train from the operation of the law-1 Herminius, and the dark gray charger land then rolled. The cost, of such a	Nor can her Majesty	issue a procla-	Mumilius,	whose	sudden	appearance
temporary crop is but tittle, while the	mation which would	injure the com- in the	city	of	Tusculum	w ithout	his
rest that is given the pastures will be	niunity, such as, for	example,	a pro-	master brought the news of the de-
of great service to 1 he plants. If there	clama t ion exempting	a whole	town or	feat 0f the allies at Lake Regill us. Con-
ta danger from trampling of the green neighborhood * from serving food it may l>e cut and fed to the jury.
cows * A mixture of oats and peas Though the Queen could recall any broadcasted together, has long been subject from abroad, she cannot comused by some farmers, but any kind of pei a subject to leave this country, green crop will answer, as the oh- This disability does not cease to op-ject is to take the cows off thle pas-	prate even in time	of war, and,
ture, and at the same time provide a	though at such a	time the Queen
substitute for grass in a manner not could call upon every able man to to diminish the yield of milk by the take up arms, she could not force a
single civilian to leave the country, even to carry on a necessary war.
Her Majesty could not set up courts such as
Plutarch, offered to Philip teen hours on one horse. At least, so
but he	the legend, and this is certain—
that on his trial /lie was acquitted, the jury considering it imposable that he could have got to York in that time.
was, says for 13 talents, about £2,158
•t 1 displayed so much viciousness that Alexander’s father was about to send him away, when the young prince offered to tame him. He agreed, in the event of failute to forfeit the price of the
COULDN’T HE DONE.
At one of the gatherings in an electoral campaign Sir Ellis Ashmead Bartlett was frequently man in th« body of
sented his uncompromising remark# upon jmlitical opponents l>ore his trial with admirable good humor, till, seeing an opening for scoring a joint, he said :
“Now, I'm going to tell you something about the late Liberal Government that will make my friend’s hail stand on end," indicating, w ith n smiling nod,the vigorous critic in the body of the hall.
“Wrong again!" shouted the irrepressible one, removing his cap and dig ing a head as smooth as a billiard “It can’t be done."
interrupted by a the hall who re-
ihe knight
play
hall,
4
ish
Great attention should be paid to the time for stopping the churning. This should be done when the butter is noticed to be in very fine grains — when it presents the appearance of fine meal and milk mixed. Some cold water should then be added,
PLANT INTELLIGENCE.
Something like intelligence is oftei
exhibited by plants. If, during a dry
season, a bucket of water be placed near a growing pumpkin or melon vine in the course of a few days the vine will turn from its course and get at least one of its leaves in the water.
a , nected with that battle, too, were the
" twin brethren," coal black, with
on
horses of the Castor and white legs and tails. But those art legendary. Not so, however, the well-known horse of Caligula, lncitatus. This animal had a stable of marble ; his stall wim of ivory, his clothing of purple, and his halters stiff with gems. He had a pet of golden plates and was presented with a palace, furniture and slaves complete, in order that, guests invited in his name should be properly entertained. His diet was the most costly that could be imagined, the finest grapes that Asia would provide being reserved for him* Verus, another
e great Pollux,
very r v
to reduce the temperature to 55 deg. This hardens the grains and prevents them gathering into a lump, and also facilitates the removal of the buttermilk	¦¦
til the grains are about as large as a turnip seed. At this stage churning should cease, as further churning will not increase the yield, but will spoil what Is already made.
Draw off the buttermilk through a half sieve; and pour on a sufficient amount of pure cold water to float thte grains well; give the churn a few sharp turns, after which draw off the
HUMMING BIRDS.
Humming birds are domesticated by placing in their cages a numlier of paper flowers of tubular form containing a small quantity of sugar and water, which must be frequently renewed. Of this liquid the birds partake, and quickly become apparently contented with their captivity.
Churning may again go on un-
cows
SHEEP ON CLEARED LAND.
Wherever woodland is cleared a flock of sheep is extremely valuable to keep the cleared soil from being overgrown
THE STAR CHAMBER,
the child of Henry VIPs, misguided
could she invest a spirit-
genius, nor

i

t
J
L

###PAGE###3###
Do Not Take Anything Else
Ask for and see that the word
and threw It. Into another long basket, which was in readiness. In doing ho the headless neck, spouting like a fountain with blood, remained on the edge of the basket, and the executioners i*o-catne red with it. Then they took the head and threw it into the basket with the body. It had been cleanly severed, and, what Is said to be very rare, there injury to the chin. Usually the victim tries to back his head at the moment that the knife descends, and in consequence the chin is crushed in the lunette.
After the execution the (dace was like a shambles; blood was spattered everywhere within a radius of ten feet, and a great pool of it collected beneath the guillotine. Deibler and his assistants looked ns if they had just come from a slaughterh use. During five minutes more another length of red tape was unwound, and then the body was carried to a medical ech ol in a black wagon with an escort of police. There was the sound of a trumpet and | the troops marched away. The guillotine was packed into a wagon and the executioners and officials got into their cabs. Finally nobody was left but some prison servants cleaning up the blood from the paving stones; bo the crowd men, women and children, drenched but not dispirited, thronged to the nearest cafes for breakfast and merrymak-
PLEASANT TOOTH EXTRACTION
DEATH BY THE GUILLOTINE
Weak Stomach
In such practices as those in South Africa, the dentist covers s very large Owing to the distance, the sp-
MONSOON
Sensitive to every little indiscretion In eating, even to exposure to draughts and toover-persplration—this condition is pleasantly, positively and permanently overcome by the magic tonic touch of Hood's Sarsaparilla, which literally "makes weak stomachs strong.10 It also creates an appetite—makes you feel real hungry, and drives away all symptoms of dyspepsia. Get only
area
point mente have to be made two or three months ahead. Thus, if a native
AN ITALIAN MURDERER THUS EXPIATES HIS CRIME IN PARIS.
INDOC1VLON TRA
Is on the packet. Monsoon has the col* tinuous call at all grocers. 25, JO# 40, 50 and 60c per pound.
goes up with a rucking toothache, may, in December, he may, if he is lucky,
Dili Not Know of Ml* Veto Until Twenty Minnie» Ile lu re Mr Mounted liar Heaffolil -TIkhihoimI* of frneii iilltin»* il»e Dremlfnl Hprvtnrlr anil Mmke Merry.
For the first time since the execution of the Anarchist Ilivnry in 1894 1 he guillotine has been brought into use lu Faria ; and, unpopular as it may* he as a corrective of crime, there can be no doubt as to its theatric possibilities with the Parisian public, says a Paris letter. Although the execution was cording to French law, announced only to a chosen few, and although it took place in a driving rain at dawn— which is 4 o'clock—many thousand ; people gathered at the Roque U# Prison to witness the gruesome sight, and afterward made merry at the neighbouring cafes until far into the morning. If there were Sunday bull fights in Paris, as there are in the southern cities of France, doubtless no form of amusement would he found more i»op-nlar or more profitable.
The man who was decapitated was »ne Carrara, an Italian, who, with the utsiatance of his wife murdered a bank messenger last autumn, and afterward burned his body. The crime was not nearly so brutal as four or five which have occurred in Paris since that time, the perpetrators of which were duly acquitted by complaisant juries, but Oarrara was a foreigner ; which makes no difference in the eye of French law, of course, but which, somehow nearly always makes a difference in the result of the trial. Carrara is the seventh
was no
have an appointment for some time in
March. So victims to toothache have to exercise more patience there than civilized man exhibits under the same trying circumstance* The dentist gets an accumulation of practically three months, and makes money and dis|verses teeth at a rapid rate. He is held in great regard, and, unlike his brethren in Europe, he is looked upon aa a kind man. The natives think that to have
fURESHEItS ENVINEfl ¦ g CASIO It MACHINES III
CYLINDER V11
ENGINE PACKING and
THRESHERS* BELTS.
Hood’s Sarsaparilla
Canada's Greatest Med loins. All druggists. HOOD'S PILLS ou re all Liver I11m. 25 cents.
Get our prices. We want your trade.
r.	william c. wilson & co.
used to less refined methods.
REST IN MANILA.
ao
Every Wear Ha* IÎO Holidays—Two Hours for luncheon - Muste and Alluring Ilea ely.
Out v ie of the Spanish colony in M a ila tike re is little oare for the fashions
i
LIMITED.
MILL SUPPLIES,
I
STEAM
D4 Front SU Best, - - - TORONTO
!	• ' A CRITERION. 1	,
Atkin»—How old do you suppose Miss Lingerlong is.
Gl imsliaw-—Somewhere In the vicinity of 30, I HhouJd say. You know she invariably speaks of herself as a "girl,” From 8 to 25, girls call themselves " young women after 25. young worn n call themselves " girls.”
us they change from season to season in Kurope and America material and cut does in summer nnd in winter—or, more accurately, in the
Th re is
The same
À îsndeoms tio!d Ring <et Willi
Bonutne Rstrneis and Poarls
FREE !

wet season and in the dry never any frost and never occasion for furnaces or open fires cooking, there is plenty of heat in the atmosphere the year around.
Men wear white duck suits, with thin

Yqu par nothing, etm-plt #e # Tsqr Name and Addrm plainly Written, and we will iénd yoe id
I	orSeiclo"
I c-J. tii, a ivw discovery whleh far #u,tawe# any | otl.vr pe; Joineries for the lasting quujllles of Ms Butter, Egg#, Apple», Fruit, Ac., to	«wodt and fragrant odor, te sell for us (If
shirt or collar, white pith helm-te. and THI dawson commission CO., Limited,	uTth,	P"d
white canvas sh.ms the year round. The ®#r' " w”‘	.nd Ulb^e. «U-. TOSONTO.	~".nï
Spaniards an I the Spanish half-castes - - ..r-	-. ...ed Gold, set with genuine Garnets and Pearl»
.	___ mv- A&WL1	—Send address at eece, mention this war aud
go in for style a little more. i ne	yk f > p	h	w \r. if IT l ^ jt*ts i rat you wart iiÇe	•**'* ws
Spaniards are haughty and fond of dis-	W*
playing t heir uniforms of blue or white	J ir'i	premiums 1b proportion to amount sold,
and their gold trimmings. The half-	UEStiS».jMif.^Aj.a.^McOayl
cils tes, or Mestiza, are equally fond of display, but their attire is something of a compromise between European and
Except for
mg
HOW STEEL BECAME CHEAP.
Bessemer’s discovery of a current of air for burning out the impurities of iron furnaces, made possible the reduction of the price of steel to its present
reasonable figure
records that the prico of steel fell as soon as the success of Bessemer’s experiments at Sheffield, forty years ago, was demonstrated, from $300 a ton to 830. Thus some erf the greatest revolutions in the world are brought about by the simplest means.
THE VOLGA.
Russia is going to abolish the difficulties of navigation at the mouth of
the Volga by cutting a canal directly from the river to the Caspian sea. Work on it will begin this summer.
SHIP YOUR PRODUCE
flannel or silk underwear, no limn
A French paper
m
»
I
m
>
I
l Losses
TORONTO, Ont.
EYE, ear, NOSE &
THROAT
Through dishonesty, embezzlement, etc., of employees are i insured against by securing the
TAMMERERS. FIDELITY BONDS
Only Institution In Canada for the cure of every phase of speech defect. Kstabuahed in Toronto. 1890 Cure guaranteed OHTJFVH H AC TO-VOCE INSTITUTE.
• Pembroke St, Toronto, Gonad*

Chinese modes.
(He ides tha one year out of seven that all foreign employees of the great mercantile houses represented in
have given to them as thero is a month's vacation each year, a regular holiday each month, and ail the saints' days, and Spanish. Fren h, KnglLsh, German and American holidays. Not to ol*>erve a saints' day in Manila is sinful, and every one holds such sinfulness in especial detestation. Figuring in all the s.'.iuts' days, Sundays. and general holidays, there 1241 days in each year \vh.*n these people do not work.
Clerks earn from $2,500 to $5,000 a year, besides having lo gings found, a mess allowance, medical attendance and t ravelling exp. n ••^¦1
The legislative free pass is still uni- fts their rooms are ove*- the offices,
- -;™r	2TKT2HZ&ZXJEMS
Chamber of deputies has tre.	till 5 o’clock, but they have much free-
ing on any railroad in the country. dom in loosing their hours and are
ami is furnished with a medal of iden- hurried only on mail day v
W*
SPECIALIST
person out of
OVER TWO THOUSAND
Manila
guilty of murder in France in the last four years who has paid the penalty of his crime by 1 using his head. '1 he others, according to a French statis-tican, are serving terms in prison,
i
home leave
SPAIN’S MILITARY SERVICE.
of 19 is
— OF THE —
Any Bianiurd over the age
liable to be called into military service which average a little over four years for three years. By the payment of 1.500 and six mon lbs. except thirty or forty, p(.„eta3, $300, he can escape military who have not been caught, and sev- duty oral hundred who were acquitted on
i
I
THE TRIUMPH
1
AOJÜdTABLR 8TOVE PIPES p, KAt.y put up nod t «ken d#>wo Oao 1 J be vi« med, seated, and put away in a auittli space. Ask y.mr <leai them. Manufactured by
G. B. BARCLAY,
168 Adelaide St. W., Toronto
are
er« for
TORONTO

Head Office
TO Cl'RR A COLD IN ONE DAY
I
trial. t’arara, it in recognized by many
All Drug-
people whose opinion seems to carry weight, was fortunate in his nationality and in his choice of a lawyer.
When a man is sentenced in France he has, of course, the right of appeal, both to a higher court and to the cle-of the President of the repub-
J. E. Roberts,
ne mi>
CLONED.
General Manager.
free passes
In many cas-

ant! Sheet Not'd forks.	M | ¦ a rvo ¦ I Air
ROOFING S1ATC. In black.	ALL(4Im LI Ml C_
Red or Orem. SLATE UI. ACK OOA Ft US I We supply	«¦•I-* ¦ W — « ¦ ^ ¦¦
litiEillllki Royal Hail Steamship Ce.,
piaterli l# *Hpp#v1 rm nov pirt of th* euuntry. Thon# 1936 D. DUTHIE A SONS. Adelaide AWldmer tte.,Toronto.
ROOFING
mency
lie ; but when his appeal fails he is executed at once without more ado. J hat la whj he did uot know his fat e until twenty minutes before he mounted the guillotine that morning. His case settled at midnight, and, within an hour afterward, the twenty-five orthir-
Montreal to Liverpool.
entranceoTpTleavino
Thorede
morning on arrival of trains from Toronto a* the West about 9 o’clock.
RATES 07 PASSAGE
Î
l !re«*n, te ich
KxHminution this-eur? If homd'1 n »rne «'rand hchool, to tke Principal uf lh« CENTRAL BUSINESS COLLEGE, Yonge & gerhard sits , to: ONTO, and reci iie full part icuUr* about the Ere poholar hli r thb sch- ol wi! 1 g ve m .• urcreeful camt.datee for the Fall Beaiou b*-ginning on Hr pt Irt next.
Addiens W. H. 8HAW, Principal.
was
Cabin 152.50 and upward*; Second Cable $34 and and $36.25; Steerage to Liverpool London, Glad* ,w. Belfast, Londoaderry or Quoene'.own $22.50 and 423.50-A reduction of five per cent, le allowed ea ,	. round trip finit and eeoond cabin ticket*. Foe
EsUbllxhed 1845. | *Aiiing» of uteamersor other Information apply
to any authorised agent.
Congressman
ways good, though it is startling to the new-comer to hear, as he will in
Gloria from "Trova-
ty officials which French redtspeism	the BflAVC VOLUN EER8
prescribes as necessary to oversee the	v «f the
durer was confined. Already a guard of (>plieci them with a quantity of the cavalry, some municipal guards, and celebrated Putnam's Painless < oi11	*
many platouns of police had been or- tractor., 11	“voluntrom and
dared out; the chariot conveying the	J^nlLld have it. Beware
guillotine was rumbling through the I f 8Uhatitutes. Get Piitnam’s Extiac-deserted streets of the St. Antoine | tor and take no other# quarter, and M. Deibler, the venerable
" Monsieur de Paris,” was seeding to- AN UNFAVORABLE Si Ml juak. ward the same goai in a cab. Other	•„ iaW T*y,k here, young man
out of a sound sleep, hustled into his were going to work, cr y* q( ‘r clothes, and then received the notified- me to support you "	,
a very	and life
very flowery oration from the lips of — the duly appointed official. His legs than just
”^aubf.*Ki^ %“ xiss ’w.m.l»-»	¦»—'
> >*>• x-
weakened him that he could not walk ; | daughter off your hands, bo. after dosing him with half a litre
of rum, he was half carried, half drag- j suffered for days from a . god out into the open space in front 8vVere attack of rheumatism, and tro d of the prison where the guillotine bad various remedies ; several lotions, e coal ready been set up, and where the tricity, etc., with little, if any re lie l ; executioners, surrounded by the sol- but after applying ” Quicken re. as diers and the great crowd of curiosity directed, the pain was much relieved, mongers, were patiently awaiting in ^^d in a few hours bad disappeared ai-the downi>ouring rain.	together. 1 ran therefore conscient-
Then followed a sorry sight. Deibler, ioiLSiy recommend this remedy, w. JNo-who la 75 years old and would have | ble Campbell, Notary, Quelle, been retired at the beginning of the had he not been desirous of hold-to his $1,500 salary and the
rich perquisites of his office, went up	. . ...	.
to the condemned man and cut off the continues to decline, the inhabitants on eollar of his shirt so that his neck March 81, last being 1,170,934, against would be bare Carrara had not falter- j 248 at the beginning of the year.
mgggHisisSE
rod it took half a dozen men to hold	than entered it. The major-
kirn, pinioned as he was. Finally they ity of those who left were men. picked him up bodily and threw him Flat on his stomach, on the platform of the machine. It was then seen that his bead was not far enough to reach the lunette, and they pushed him along by the feet, he still kicking and crying out. All this lasted for two or three minutes; it war. the fjnal fight
which nearly always takes place when | Klondike Kickshaw—What caused a man is be headed. At last, however,	newcomer’s death t . ;
the executioner’s assistants got the con-	Walrus Bill—Emotional insanity. He
demned man in the right place, and	have his gun along when he call-
held him there. Deibler stepped to the | ^ Th rse-Finger ad Slade a liar, head of the machine, touched the lever w hich releases the knife, and the I	E
140-pound blade, keen and shining, fell A WOfd tO the Wise like a trip-hammer. There was a sick- ™
ening slash, a second’s silence, and then |	|j Sufficient. . .
the crowd broke out Into yells. The man’s head fell into a basket on one side of the knife, and his body, convulsively twisting, collapsed on the
other.	.	v J
Instantly thry picked up the body
some services, a tore," the Credo with music from *‘ll3ar-Liere," and the Elevation from "Traviata."
L COFFEE & CO.,
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
H. Bourller. 1 King St. W. Toronto or H.
Allan, MontresL
PRI DE.
Now, George, don't ask me. I can’t go <iov~n the fire escape with all those people looking.
You must. You'll be burned to death if you stay here.
"I can’t help it, George. I wouldn t go down that ladder for all the world. These shoes 1 have on arc two sizes too big fori me !”
A GREAT EVENT
Rooms 400-12 Board of Trade Building,
TORONTO, ONT.
John L. Coffee.
Thomas Flynn.
Canada’s Great
• II
Dominion Line Steamships.
Exposition
Montreal ami Quebec t«» Li?frpeol in summer. Large in<t last -win screw •teapirli>e ' Labrador,1 ' Van
couver.’ ‘Dominion.’ ’Scotsman.' * Yorkshiio.' Superior accunnn nation or First Cabin, Sac
__d Cabin end Moorage pasi-ungers. Rates of
pannage — First. Cabin. |52.:<J ; rerond Cabin, We offer O 10 Hundred Dollars Reward toi $34; Steerage #22 50 and upwards according to any oaee of va’nrrh that cannot be mred by steamer end berth. For all information amply Hall’s Catarrh < uro.	to Lr<*l Agent*. or David Torrance A Co..
F. J. Clf KNEY 5c CO , Props.. Toledo. O. Gen 1 Agent*. 17 St. Sacrament tit„ Montreal.
Wo. the un.iiTsigneci, have known F. J.
Chcnev for t .v la*t 15 y> are, and liehevo him perfectly honorable in all business trance t on< and flnan inky abio to carry out anj obi.gaMon made by their firm.	_ , ,
West & Tkvax. wholesale Dra 'gists, Toledo, n WALDINO K INN AN X Marvin, who esale
O
on
Hows This?
Industrial Fair
Toronto...
Aug. 29th to Sept. 10th, 18€8
zi’i <*
more
For Sale
Iron Turning Lathe, sixteen inch swing, six foot bed, rod and gear full, countershaft complete, good as new, VERY CHEAP. Apply,
Druggist*, Toledo. O.
Hall* Catarrh Cure is taken internally, act# ingdirco ly upon the blood and mucous fact* of h system. Price 75c. re bottle . Sold
Testimonials tie»
very
New and Wonderful Attractions
Excelling All Previous Years
The Cuba-Amerlcan War
Exciting Naval and
Military Displays
The Latest Inventions and Novelties
from all parts of the world
? un
The WILSON PUBLISHING CO.,
LIMITA
73 to St Adelaide St. W., Toronto.
by all Drugglwt» .	.
Hall’s family Pills are the best.
i
WAR TAX IN SPAIN.
Spain is so mut h in need of funds that any person entering her limits wearing gloves or boots nearly new,
must j>ay a tax on them. This rule also applies to a hat or necktie which seems new.
received the high* e*t awards at the
World’* Fair IMS.
SONBOVS PATENT ROLL» TOPS
have met with
•uch universal favor, that other manufacturer* are now making Inferior imitations.
Insist on having theConboy make as imitations ate
never as good as
the genuine.
LOSING ITS POPULATION
Q
on
The population of New South Wales
t# P C 931
Mills, M ile A Hale *
Barrister*, etc.,remove11 to We*ley Ridge., Richmond 8t. W„ Toronto.
Entries of Exhibits Close Aug. 6th.
Cheap Excursions from Everywhere.
For Prize Lists, Entry Forms, Programme# and all particulars, address
LAW
The

gOR SALR-Highly Improved Farm near Winnipeg;
¦	32;# acres ; No. 1 noil ; Improvement* alone
c at $9,000 ; price $8,000. say two thomumd rash, balance in ten yearly payments : intere-(: 6 per cent. ; will sell implements costing $1.%0 for $HT), say five hundred cash, balance 3 yearly payments ; interest 6 per cent. Address. Frank 8 Nugent, Barrister, Winnipeg.

J. J. WITHROW N. J. HILL
Manager, Toronto.
President
Sfüvlli»

I

ray i
/
i
KNITTING
THE MONEY JÏÂkëS
Jibbing
frjACHWE
TORONTO CUTTING SCHOOL offers special I inducements to young men desirous e#
ÏÏVtofett»?tp,u


MACHINES,
HIS MALADY.


PAINT so CHEAP
Toe ean use tt on old

OLD AND RELIABLE
¦hingle roofs or sides of
live â Paint Oempaoj. 870 Qn

1*71
ê
to foot With


MONEY MAKER
Prices only SIB, $20 $30.
RECOMMEND
Ludella Ceylon Tea.
5k J?!
CBEELlA^i BROS., Georgetown, Ont.
lead packages,
gj, 40, 50 and 60c.

V
&



###PAGE###4###
I








wmm

Season of 1898.
it in Canada. (Loud Opposition applause).
The Gquitvf.

SCANDALOUS MOV8.
“Besides the point which 1 have made
of the crippled state of the Cabinet as t . iiAnAiiiA A aaiia appears to mo today we have also another if H 1111 fs I N X Kt XflNS
consideration to move us in coining to the ™ee ¦¦VieUlllW	UvllVIi
conclusion which 1 am trying feebly to = voice. The suggested proposition that the right of a certain portion of our pop ulatioti to vote in an election which has passed by months ago shall be taken front the judges of the land, shall be taken from tho purview of the administration of justice in Ontario, and placed in the hands of the members of this House some ! of whom may be decided not to have the right to sit here as members, is not only unparalelled, but it is a proposition which
*V-
/N.A.'N.
The Pontiac
Woollen Mills
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 11, 1898.
N.'N.


1
The writs for the plebiscite campaign were isruvd on Saturday. Voting takes place on Thursday, Sept. 29th.
A remarkable find has been made at Kanowna, in the gold fields at Australia, in the shape of a nugget weighing l,63t> ounces and valued at #32,500.
?


Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of the farmers of the surrounding country.
-O
The Ottawa Journal says:— The Lieut.
Governor of Quebec has commissioned
Dr. Aylen, inspector of court houses and I fully justifies the protest which 1 have cn jails, to hold an investigation into the doavored to make to-day. And although workings of the prothonotary’a office in we find, somewhat to uiy surprise, that Hull. The investigation will be held on the accredited newspaper organ of the Monday and Tuesday. It is stated a iiuni- government this morning indicates her of Liberal lawyers in Hull are looking :& great retreat to a certain extent on the for jobs.	I part of the government, yet shall our pro
test be no less vigorous. (Loud Opposi lion applause).
“I do not use the word obstruction,”
nor will 1 encourage anything of the kind I %% 25 CCIltS — (Opposition hear, hears)—because it is * foreign to free government, which is an-
For Sale Cheap.
gOOKS !
J
»

done -on shortest notice and with the usual satisfaction
to customers.
1 Single Buggy,
Ballantyne’s Books for Boys

Emperor William, with his usual fussiness, took all the arrangements for Bismarck s funeral into his own hands, or dered a picture and aarchupagus and all
the rest of it. But Count Herbert Bis ,	,	,	_ . . .
marek, with a touch of his fathers per- !'ther nAm* fo,p lhe Br,t,#h government, omptoriness, said it would be a strictly l!_ut wo W,.M takc «Vüry opportun,ty which private funeral, and the family did not lhe constitutional practice that prevails
wish the Emperor to attend. Perhaps I	v"'c,n« our protest snd our | writ0rs lit 20 CCIltS,
they felt that no honors the Emperor did "Ejection to the enurse which has been
to the dead could make up for his affronts ; Pursoed by the government. (Loud Opto the livin'.	I position applause.) We will, however,
*	go further than that.
“We do not prop >se to divide the It is announced that tho l nited States j House on the Speakership for two rea Government will assume liability for the ! sons. Each one in itself would be a good claims for the damages preferred by Am | reason, but the two combined are simply encan citizens of Cuba, estimated to am- unassailable. As we have already stated, ount to #20,000,000, and qu'te likely to we protest against our being summoned reach a higher tiguie. There is a sug- hero in this manner under the circum-gestio that some of this may be recovered stance and for the purpose which have from the Cuban insui gents after they have been indicated by the government; but formed a Government, but that is not we have a duty to perform to the citizens very likely. I ncle Sim is going to pay who sent us here as their representatives, a big price for his summer outing, and he but wo must not shirk that duty, will not have much to show for it except glory.
(almost new.)
1 Bicycle,
The large stock of Goods In connection, namely of-*
Girls Books by Standard
(new.)
TWEEDS,
WORSTEDS,
SERGES,
FLANNELS,
PRINTS, &c.,
1
- /
1 Coal Oil Stove,

Prayer Books.
(new.)
Methodist Ilymn Books.
The above are decided bar-

Presbyterian Book of Praise
will be found of the latest design, of superior manu-
J. H. SHAW, I facture, and at prices that
cannot be honestly under. . cut. . .
gains.

Stationey of all kinds.
But,
however intoleiable we might feel the situation, having regard to the welfare and liberties of the people of the province and this Legislature, still wo say it is desirable that a presiding officer should be chosen in order that the business of the House may be conducted in an orderly and proper manner. That is the first reason why wo do not choose to divide the House on the question of the Speakership.
"The other reason is an equally strong
one with us, and it is not pleasing. We I m 11*11101 àlC O OflMO could not possibly oppose the choice of r. HUUH Nn tV nIINn Mr. Evanturel as Speaker of this House.
(Loud Opposition applause), been our Speaker as well as tho Speaker of the gentleman on the other side of the House.”
After a lengthy speech highly com pli» menlary to Mr. Evanturel, Mr. Whitney concluded:
“The Siege of Delhi” is the spectacular to be presented at the night entertainments of the Central Canada fair next month. The siege was the first victory of the British in tho great Indian mutiny at the close nf the Crimean war, in which Sir Henry Havelock distinguished himself. The thrilling spectacle will be presented by means of pyrotechnics in the hands of special artists, who w ill be assisted by five hundred soldiers of the Captai. The display of fire works at the close will excel Messrs Hand A Tealo assert, any ever seen in the Capital.
O
#
t
?
An
Inspection
WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYERS,
He his
A. HODGINS,
PROPR1ETOR.

Ou Tuesday last Major Gourdeau, de-pu y minister of Marine and Fisheries, receivei from Washington a cheque for #473,000. This is the amount of the award of the commission appointed to enquire into the seizure of Canadian sealing vessels by tho United States cruisers in Behring Sea. The cheque was forwarded through Sir Julian Pauncefote, the British ambassador at Washington. The money goes to settle the claims of those sealers who suffered loss through their vessels being unjustly seized by the United States.
1 have the honor to say, on behalf of the gentleman on this side of the House, that we rejoice in the opportunity given us to have the hon. m,mi her for Prescott again as our Sper k. r, and wu rejoice because we know x* -, las record has been, and judging r ,,m wlmi | the morning and fifteen minutes In the after-that record has been, we know what his record will be in the future.” (Loud Opposition applause ) His Honor the Lieutenant Governor then read the speech from the throne.
4%
THE BULL ELECTRIC CO
Shawville
I Sash and Door Factory.
McCredie & Hodgins, Proprietors.
H. PERRY
9
( arm run at Intervals of twenty minutes in
Practical Tinsmith
noon, dally, Sundays Included.
has opened shop in the premises directly opposite the Russell House, Shawville, Que., where ho has on display a fine range of
Sashes, Doors. Mouldings, Blinds, etc., manu facta > ed to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing doueou shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
Feed and Provender G round.
When you come to Aylmer don’t fail to shoot the chute at Queen’s Park.
Go through the maze puzzle If you can. Ride on the Merry-go-round.
A Special Prize of $10.00
^ The Compatriots is the title chosen for a*new political organization intended to give a means of relief to those who cannot
agree with the platform of either of the,	,	,	...	,	, ,	,
ESEBS'EsES	I EBsasBES»
ed against the la re Patrons that they wora ! !^clwe®n n')W an(* Jh® evening of the 13th | Baggage promptly handled.
too exclusive. The Compatriots will take Sept. 1898. One dollar is the subscription
in men of a wider variety of views, and ! which they will also receive a fort
socialists, Patrons, Labor Unionists, Sing. 1 n,?htly. ASncultural Journal. Regular
le Taxers and Prohibitionists are invited I î^nbera who have not yet paid for
1398 tv ill count. Competitors to the
above must have over six names to c in-
pete for prizes.
Tinware, Agateware,
Stoves etc.
^ ater chute affords the finest amusement IJ11 the countiy. Endless chain takes you ui> Divided into three prizes of #5 00, $3 00 1,1 a b<*Hl gravity brings you down with
a great splash into the water, but you don’t get wet.
and #2.00 will be given by E. Graham, to

i_
T
Special attention given to furnace work, hot water or steam fitting, plumbing and rooting.

#
W. R. TAYLOR,
ttec.-Treas.



into the new organization. It will be an interesting child that will be developed on such a variety of food, but it will be short hvud. Such offsprings always —Montreal Gazette.
TOBACCO HEART.
t
highest price paid for HIDES and
PELTS,
are.
LJAVE you
.0 * A been smoking a good deal lately and feel -A an occasional yj) twinge
Cured hams, pork sausage;— we manufacture and sell at a very low price.
J. G. McGuire,

DSEI
WAP*
A Call Solicited.
Opening1 ol the Ontario Legislature
> .
H. PSB.RY.

Public Notice.
¦¦K of pain
round your heart
Are you short of >\?i 3F~)P breath.
*unhinged, seftsa-vtion of P1’118 and needles
«oing through your
” r,ffffjî	*rm ftncl Angerk?
U ¦„ Better take a box or two of I When in need of a Capital Range or
Pills and get cured before U)0K 8T0' K at Prices awft>T down things become too serious. |	drop in and see the stock
Here’s what Mr. John James, of Caledonia, Ont.,
uil. WHITNEY SCORES THE HARDY GOVERNMENT.
March 8, 98.
n
The Ontario Legislature Wa9 opened on Munîclpalïty of^Marendon. I ednesday last by Lieur. Governor Mow	Public Notice is hereby given lo «11 propri-
at. After the motion appointing Mr	>re of rertl estate and resident house-
EvanturelSreak,ruf„,e ll.uae for „,e
tni!a term, had been moved by Mr. Hardy xnLslouer* of f his municipality has been fut^O	grace
iUi.) w orcltd speeches, Mr. W hitney, by partie* Interested during thirty days fmm leader of the Opposition spoke as follows lhls notice, during which time it may be
f,i.htoaay,ome«k,ngL«heque„iou
or the speakership but b.fore I deal with t»kmi info consideration and homologated
tha;.uhjecY(i^re,hatthc	*ur.i,
to le uttered by mo in this house at this the JOtli day of September, 1 sîm at the town session, and I promise that the Inst words bal11,1 the village of shawville, at the li< ur
,l,ich I ,WI u,t«r during ihi,
be words of similar meaning, shall convey t^r,‘sled ls obliged to take cognizance thereof
.^owoflnd;gn..kn.,,d,.rne,tpN„;.
with which we on this side of the house the twenty days following the said delay of
legislature hnds itself to day. (Loud Op- ust, one thousand eight hundred and ninety, position cheers). Wo have been sum- eight.	HUOH MATH EBON,
moned here for the despatch of business ‘	Sec.-Treas,
with two important departments for the government unrepresented in House—
(Opposition, hear, hears)—with practically and as near ns may be one third of the Cabinet rejected by the people of the “rovince at the last general election.
nerves
NDÏKÈ
)

il
•n

(?

carried at
x&

<V
BS$
y/
\
%

GEO. E. ffAINMÀN’S.
r‘«*	trouble for four years,
caused by excessive use of tobacco. At times my heart would beat very rapidly and then seemed to stop beating only to [ TWTa ™ QA commence again with unnatural rapidity. ¦”*«#111 wvq “ This unhealthy action of my heart — caused shortness of breath, weakness and I debility.
»
’ x gL
i
% i
t\ „
S/
L

Tinware Depot,
- - Shawville.
\
x\VSr
. ?

i.

M r

niyifa-
Public Notice.
i
6
I	m tried many medicines and
spent a great deal of money but could
not get any help.
Last November, however, I read of a
I 1	hereby given that the Collection Rolls	ftflJicJ®d like myself, being cured by
loud OppJBttion Applause). Moreover of the Municipality of the Township of Mulmrn s Heart and Nerve Pille. I went
%lî-Sür'iu isSHKBS EEBE
members of the House are sitting hereto- I yeaft0 P®y Interest and sinking fund of the J9. 1 be , I bought another box and
SppSSi:, %#####==
in the statement I make, that our position there ifto me at my office within the twenty tobacco, to give Milburn’s Heart and is un para elled not only in Ontario but in the, notice lD 8 lbe dale beieof wllboul fur" Nerve Pills a fair and faithful trial.”
y country or colony which has been or Given afshawvllle this eighth day of Aug- . ^rico 50c. a box or 8 boxes for 11.25, all is now, and 1 believe that ever will be ust, one thousand eight hundred t-nd ninety- druggists. T. Milburn A Co.. Toronto. 6nt. again, under Britith rule, under the sys* I e,ghle tem of responsible government as we have 1
Best
Lowest
Prices.
Marlin Repeaters j'
have Solid Top*, shedding water like» f duck a bark, (fur	X *>,<•( Just out) __
tvlla all about them. Up-to-date Infor- ûT ntatiou abouf powders,black and smoke- %/ less; proper sizes, quantlti™, how to load; hundreds of bullets, lead, alloyed. Jacketed, soft nosed, mushroom, etc.; y trajectories, velocities,penetrations. All 'i «•«tegs 22 tott ; how to care for arms andl #/„ 1,000other things, including many trade eecreta never before giveuto the publie.
& 'Mû:
Province of Quebec, # Miiulclpalily of Clarendon, s
PUBLIC NOTICE
Goods.
' ¦» >
pl'
O
A complete and elegant sortaient of Tin and Agateware constantly kept on hand.
as-
r
1 I
»
V

an
For Prices on MARLINS, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.
G. D. Wainmaa,
LAXA-LIVER PILL5 cure Constlpatloa, Biliousness and Dyspepsia. Price 25c.
HUGH MATHE90N,
Bee Treasurer.
Shawville, June 14, ’98,







###PAGE###5###


The Secretary-Treasurer
In Account with the Municipal Council of the Tov
of Clarendon.
McGuire, the Tailor.
i fl’iip
a
a
1897
DR
THE
May 31 To Cash on hand per last audit..............
“	44 Uncollected Taxes...............*
44 Total tax am per Collection Roll, 1897 " Litchfield Council.................
41 Jane Young (for Board Health). ] ! !
44 William Dagg, over credit.........
44 Thomas Dagg..................... '
il
il
$1108 07 1154 32 3332 IG 12 00

il
a
44
I 4
il
il
G. F. HODCINS
MID-SUMMER SALE.
2 50
44
Cf P
41
u
il
5 00
P. S.—Unlined Coats.
$5014 G6j|
1897
CR
June 14 By Edmund Trelford July 5
10 00
“ W. J. Endos, half expenses to Ottawa.
44 Edward Snvley, Resolution............
21	“ W. O. Le Roy, for copies Resolution.*...*.
R. McC. Ritchie, Building and Jury Fund
M A. Smart, per J. Hart...".................
4	“ J. R. Horner, auditor.................
8 * “ John Brown, work on road...........,,/////
“ E. W. Hodgins, auditor............... .
11 Henry Aylen, for valuators...........
11 R Dagg, health officer..........!!!!!!!!!
u W. O. Le Roy, copies Valuation Roll. .*..* *
“ Post Office order........................
“ John A. Cowan, printing....................
“ Cash paid Valuators at Bryson....
“ Robert Armstrong, health officer.........
“ Receipt book and express charges. ! !. !....
15	“ Cash sent to H. Aylen for Valuators.........
“ Post Office order.....................!!!.,!
15	“ J. E. Jones, for building bridges.........
2	44 A. N. Wilson, on contract...... ..........
3	“ John Brown, repairing road! i * i ‘
7	“ Anson Murphy, removing stumps
“ Henry Aylen, for stenographer..
“ Post Office order.................
“ William Park for cedars...........
31	“ W. A. Smith, cedars..............
44 Six months salary Sec.-Treasurer “ Postage and Stationery............
4	44 James Elliott, for cedars and work on bridge.
5	44 Board of Experts and horse hire............
0	44 George Stanley, two contracts on Qwio bridge
7	11 D. Kennedy on cedars..............................
28	41 Smith & McDonald, printing......................
29	44 John Armstrong,.as per resolution...... 1..............
3	“ Jas. T. Pattison, bill in full.................
1	“ H*rt»;> l^ay8 Co. Council $10; 4 days with valuators $4
8	4 E. T. Brownlee, 14 cedars...........................
4‘ John McLean, lumber for W. Wallace... X X X X X % X
44 Ralph Hodgins, road scrapers...........
March 4	44 J. C. Armstrong, as rural inspector.......
2	44 John Carson, for cedars....................
14	41 A. Workman, 118 cedars on C. Hodgins' contract....
14	44 Charles Hodgins, 182 cedars, bal. contract.......
44 William Eadesas rural inspecter................
44 William Barker, bill.....................
18	44 George McCagg, 20 cedars.........................!!!!..!
“ John Little, 40 cedars............................
April 5	44 Robert Armstrong, board of health.............."
5	41 John Strutt..................................
May 2	44 William Elliott, service........................... *
•4 A. N. Wilson, balance salary.........................
44 William Dagg. over credit.........................
26	41 Thomas Dagg, 14	44	.......................
44 Sec-Treasurer, bal. salary..........................'
44 Postage and stationery.................................
“ Vncollected taxes still due.............................
44 Balance due, cash on hand.................
AT
3 00
Ü
5 00
SWATMAN'S.
%
3 00
30
12 00
0 0 0 0#
Aug. 4
4 00
4 50
7 00
21
Clearing up sale of surplus summer goods and all odds and ends. Ladies will please take advantage of this 3i Itlonal opportunity to buy, not only cheaply but well.
4 60
42
40 00
Sept. 13
7 00
excep Rings
26
from 15c. up.
Alarm Clocks $1.10 “ 8-day Clocks 4.50“ Watch Classes 10c & 15c. Other Jewellery - -
- - away down
60 00
28
Oct. 15
7 76
28
40 00
Nov. 13

#
5 50
15
1 25
We offer Clearing Bargains in
Dress Goods, Muslins, Cloths, Prints, Ginghams, Mens’ Straw Hats
201 05
16
56
7 30
Dec
8
10 00
2 00
4 00
22
X
50 00
22
o
20
• • •
24
1 80
AT SWATMAN’S
x
3 00
31
75 00
# * #
31
the jeweller,
5 00
Parasols and Shirt Waists at reduced prices . . .
1898
SHAWVILLE. P.Q.
Jan
8 00
74 75 18 00
P. S.—Bicycle Repairs kept and Repairing done.
Gr. F. HODGIHS,! Hiïerî
/1	-AND-
The Up-to-date Store.
1 25
5 00
2 50
Feb
10 00 14 00
.3 50
15
2 .30
24
10 00
W Point Ferry.
G 50
4 75 31 0.3 46 97
P. S.—A beautiful consignment of Hall and Parlor Lamps
art decorations just placed in stock. See our leader at IK) cents. It is a beauty.

1 nlll further notice, tho undersigned, who has seeured a u«>< d Nafe bon, will curry pa<Hengf*rs ami freight every du y (Sunday's exrep ’ <1; between ine above nain. U place#- at the usual rates,—
LenvIngJHrisiol Wharf at 8 a.m., A <.80. n. m '* Sai d Point “ 10 15o.rn., & 0.45, i>. ra
Special trips run when*they v.lll not Inter! fere with the regular.
in
16
7 00
16
12 60
5 00
10 00
2 50
5 00
10 00 10 00
GEORGE BALL AXTINE
26
Bristol, April 22, 1*98
20
008
5 00
75 00 I terday. It is hoped that the firm stand 5 00 adopted by the Marquis of Salisbury dun 1525 358 ing the last few days, which seems to have 3128 33j already created some misgiving at St.
—-------- Petersburgh, will have the desired effect
$5614 05| arresting Russian aggressiveness.
---------I It is felt both here and on the conti-
e in
CO YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
31
31
31

i
’AT ENTS
31
o
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an invention ir probably patentable, f tions strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.
Patents taken through Munn A Co. receive ipecial notice, without charge, in the
Scientific American.
Ellin Association.
We the undersigned Auditor, having duly examined the account, and voucher, of %Tto tïe NeTchang UtojîLn
your Secretary-Treasurer respectfully submit the foregoing Statement which we cer-1 is the crucial point of the success or fail tify to be correct
Ure of Great Britain's policy of the 4’open door.”
Eleventh Annual
munira-
J. R. HORNER, Auditor. ERNEST XV. HODGINS, Auditor
As evidence of the fact Great Britain appreciates the gravity of the situation.
The Associated Press learns that the ad- I miralty is preparing for all emergencies and that it will soon ba ready to mobilize the entire fleet at the shortest notice.
Santiago de Cuba, A ug. 5 .—Major Gen1 Every officer or man on furlough or Shafter has received orders to move hi» half pay has been assigned to a ship and entire army north at once. The six trail- instructed to be in readiness to join at sports here will make the first shipments, the earliest moment possible after being and the embarkation will begin to day. notified to do so. Therefore, practically There is great rejoicing among the troops «very ship in the British navy, whether From the moment Secretary Alger’s | in or out of commission at the present Qw-my	000
cable message was received this morning, moment, hns its full war complement of	** * W.VWw
ordering the instant removal of the army officers and men ready when the time ar- . O north, everything has been bustle and r‘V09*
activity at headquarters. The transports According to Paris advices Admiral London, Aug. 3.—The Madrid corro-	here, six in number, have	been	ordered	Bedolliere, commanding the French-
spondent of the Daily Mail soys:	to discharge their	cargoes and to get	China squadron, has cabled a demand for
“The government has accepted	the	ready without loss	of time to take on	reinforcements and	for a large credit to
principle of the American condition; but	board the first shipments for homo. Oth	I RPP1'e^ to erecting fortifications. The
the acceptance will not ba made until en»	er transports are expected	here	shortly,	reason given for these demands is that
qui lies to Washington on matters of	de-	the embarkation will begin today and it, the natives of the	Kwang Chou Wang
tail have been settled, thus rounding off	is expected that 18	transports will soon	re8*on arfi. showing	signs of hostility,
the preliminary basis.”	be conveying our soldiers	back	to the	But there is some suspicion here that the
New York, Aug. 2.—A social cable to	United States.	action of the French admiral maybe con
the Evening Joùrnal from Madrid, pub	______________ nected with a desire to back up Russian
lished in a late extra edition of that pap	designs,
er says:
“Spain accepts the principal conditions of peace as set forth by the American gov eminent and only the peace details are needed to cause all hostilities to cease at
EXHIBITION
Shawville, July 30, 1898
AT
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. largest fir
OTTAWA, ONT,
g	^ ^	Branch Office 625 F 8t.. Washington. D. C
THE WAR.
American Troops Ordered Homo.
on
SPAIN HAS AGREED TO THE 17. S.
TERMS OP PEACE
An Official Statement
Hr
PATENTS
!
TWO SLIGHT CONCESSIONS A8KED—SUMMARY OF TERMS THAT HAVE BEEN
ADOPTED.
PROMPTLY SECURED
t
XI rite for our interesting books " Invent Ol s Help" and “ How y Send us a rough sketch or model of voir invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION & MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS & EXPERTS
Ulvil & Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of tlio Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors In App led Sciences, Laval University, Members Patent Law Association. American Water Works Association, New England Water Works Assoc. P. Muveyors Association, Assoc. Member Van. Society of Civil Engineers.
! NEW YORK LIFE B'LD'C., MONTREAL CAN. t ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON. D C.
ou are swindled."
expended this year in extendu g and improving the grounds and erecting new buildings.
The Prizes have been increased in all Live Stock Classes, including Poultry ami Pigeons, besides 32 Gold Medals as “Special Sweepstake Prizes” for Horses and Cattle.
New Main Building 310 feet long, coni st rue ted of iron, Agricultural Implement Hall and Poultry Building enlarged, New Dining Halls, in brief all buildings reconstructed and enlarged.
OFFICES
Trouble Ahoal.
Gaaaacquo's Popular Baker.
BRITAIN AND RUSSIA REPORTED DANGER
eVSLY NEAR WAR



Mr Lawrence- O'NVil, the well known dis penser of "the Staff of Life.” tiananoque,
London, August 5—There is great un-	^uPeriorL v e Stuck accomodaton, New
A peace delegation will be chosen at easiness on all sides here in view of the them for heart troubles and nervousness.	^ <*ay and
once to confer with the representatives of Chinese Situation, which is regarded ns '	- — —-= whh records of %	o tiolte8
maBssaue&jBSWi
in the proposition of the United States firm intimation that Russia’s open vppo-1 The demand for home-grown Nursery Stock that Spain will aalt to be made and if thie sition to Britiah commercial conceaaiuna j ÿoSViînt »“«8yVyii?g w^mwri*te“i“' "
"d™iu b,“*‘	sssâ......*•
We pay both salary and commission.
We engage either whole or part time men.
We guarantee all our stock.
We furnish purchasers with certificates from Government Inspector, stating our stock is free from San Jose Scale.
Our nurseries comprise over 700 acres, and growing stock in large quantity
London. Augu.t 6.-That extreme dip. Men succeed with u. who have failed WE HlltClllSOl!. M 1 lomatio tension exists between St. Peters- with others.	I UUIUUWJU» 111,1 'j
burgh and London is generally admitted It will cost you nothing to learn what we
These concession» to relieve Spain of I today, though the official» deprecate the eAn d0 for you*
liability of war indemnity.	I
once
DP,
EXT-UF
WILD
Bvaaing: Entertainment ! 1S1 Bi iWBERRV
TERMS OF PEACE
Hostilities to be suspended forthwith. Uf Wal#' hurried departure from Eng Spam renounces all claim to Cuba in land was In response to a despatch from favor of the t mted States without any her sister, the Dowager Empress of Russia, stipulation whatever as to the future	gov-	bearing upon the Anglo-Russian relations,
ernment of the island.	.	It is well known that the Dowager Em-
: orto Rico an adjacent Spanish inland pres» is strenuously working to conclude a ceded unconditionally to the United definite understanding regarding Anglo-
kt?!e8'»n r s — • s *	«	, ,	Russian interest» in the Far East, audit
>ne of the Ladrooe Inlands to	be	ceded	is said great importance attache» to the
<o the United State» ae a coaling station, meeting of the sisters at Copenhagen.
A commission to be appointed to decide as to the sovereignity of the Philippines, meanwhile Manilla to remain under U. S. military government.
>
CURES
as usual. Magnificent Spectacular : 4-The Siege of Delhi” every night with fireworks, and .. .all specialties performing....
BIARRHŒA,
DYSENTERY
AND
SUMMER
COMPLAINT.
Special Low Bates on all lines of travel.

Price 35c. at all druggists.
Eor ill particulars address
enables us
#

E. McMdliGii
THCV ARK

I
President
Secretary
26,SparkseSt.
.vi
____	______ _______	¦ I oan d0 for y°a.
alarmist reports which were current yes- ^i^oütabïè^plovmen” bn*lneM end
I






###PAGE###6###
»
i1
\

\
i
he built SPAM'S ships. | ^ Carpenter's Story.
for we tried 'em on noon After we started from Sun Francisco. And now,
Barb’ry Aienhine, are you aune you’ve get everythin' you want, for it’ll hr no use thinkin' about anythin’ you've forgot after the «hip has sunk out of ¦ sight "	i
l PART I	| Ove(> smooth. With all these advan- Jhpre'e nothin' elw I van think of."
ÉHBII IIP pitIII .................................................................................._r._________________________,
süi ! mmsm #### m
=TSSt S SssSffifs1
hut, on closer oKservation. one would ^s;r'ul! 1	* i° vlfL,-! uo were tJ 80 saying, she stepped on a bench from Scotland, and when I arrived at I avail. Having read in the papers at
have been apt io suppose that they be- ,** ®	’ 1	‘ .	.	,	. assign- l)>’ lhe rail; then, with on* foot on the Bilboa, Spain, I was told that 1 waa to the wonderful cures effected by ~
housewifery, there would he oppor-	; un®. "s , T |	.	* moment, and then «he drew hack.	under me. in the construction of three He took a second and finally a third,
t unit les of becoming acquainted in M ei ’ *	..n<«	Jetable va I- "lt’8 n<> us,***‘ Nhe	#NV* musl Spanish ships, that it was then dreim- when ho found that his old enemy was
r.s1 ^**' * k e5\r'\1‘,to nrbar«L ..v JKw» r.w,
not. of that, order of person* who gen-| *“I • '•	. f,*,' A	This remark made me feel nervous lhe world. 1 hese ships wvre the Id- residence to find out ir the reported
«rally take first-class passages on ,u 1 s>e inf * ‘«. , ‘‘	« Ï did not know at what, moment there fanta Maria Teresa, the Vizcaya, and cure was correct, Mr. Skua su id: "I
EHHHsH351 ïhisur	E
although they kept very much to	"u''\e 1,1	a™lic	leJ}	who niJLrent-	sidc hrtd rowed away some minutes be	but 85 per cent, of the workmen und-	„f mo, tin(| fixed me right up. I now
themselves and showed	no desire for	V® îet.	1 s, '	‘	‘ t	, ,	fore, und through the darkness I could	er us were Spaniard*, and it took us	take them every spring and fall to
: ~ “3=	S S fcrc ^.-r irÆk-SSr'M
else, and with,' as much right to voy- v%ftr”# 1 °e Sl* ” t V V ,T ‘f, ..«ri other boat, und I did not feci that menta were British, while the designer wjh tell you that I wouldn't lx* ago to any part of the	world in any	mrL vlJÀhin*	**	<leVK	° 3‘	there was time enough for me/ to take	0f the engines was Jus. McKerhnie, who	without Hr. Williams' Vink Pill*
manner or style which	pleased them.	A	.. ..	T ,	.	.	this one to a place where the two wo-	.	manager nf the armament works	for anything. They are the best modi-
Mrs. Locks was u rather tall woman. l.ook here, said Mrs. Leeks, lead- mf,n could, more easily descend to' her. I .	.*	cine in the world. Though i nm up in
large boned and muscular, and her	ing me	to the rail and pointing* down-	standing upright, I	urged them	not	I in Harroxv-in-rurneas. We had every	years, my health is good and 1	am
well-browned countenance gave indi-	ward,	do you see that boat there# It	to <je|ay#	advantage in studying the peculiarities	right as a dollar. I attribute It to	th#
cations of that conviction of super- ha* been let down.and there id nobody “You see," said I, "I can reach* you 0f tin» eccentric Spaniard, and I have use of these Pills. 1 recommended iority which gradually grows up in the m it. lhe boat on the other side has ;L8 soon! as you swing yourself off the muc|e up my mind that the reason the ’hem to Mr. William Beattie. car;*n~ minds of those who, for a long time, just gone* oft, full to the brim. I nev- ropes, ,in<t I'll help you down."	grand floating armaments that 1 ter foreman on the G. N. W., who had
have had absolute coni rol of the dps-	er saw	so many people crowded into	“If you’re sure you	can keep us from	helped to build were mo easily demol-	also been troubled with rheumatism
tinies of a state, or the multifarious	& boat.	1 he.other ones will lie just as	cornin' down too sudden, we’ll try	it,"	I tshed as they popped out of the neck	and they speedily effected a cure	in
affairs of a country household. Mrs. jacked. I expect I don t see why we	Mrs, Leeks, "hut I’d as soon be 0f the bottle at Santiago was because his case "
Aleahine was somewhat younger than shouldn t take this empty boat, now drowned as to get to an island with a |ianjc prevailed among the crazy- Dr. Williams* Pink Pills cure by go» her friend, somewhat shorter, and a we ve got a chance, instead of sejueez- ;l broken leg. And as to Mrs. Ale- headed Spaniards on hoard They ing to the root of the disease. (They great deal fatter. She had the same m ourselves into those crowded ones, shine, it she was to slip! she'd go elam	*s!j enmwcufl renew and build up the blood, and
air of reliance upon her individual II any of the other people come after- through that boat to the txdtorn of x h*Kfc‘	v 111	strengthen the nerves, thus driving
worth that characterized Mrs. Locks wards, why, we shall have our choice of lbe fiei Now, then, ready 1 I'm com- equal to the finest in the world. They ,|iwase from the system. Avoid imi-hut there was a certain geniality about seats, and that’s considerable of » \u> down !”	were built by Britishers exactly on tations by insisting that every box you
her which indicated that she would p’ltit. I should say, in a tl me like this.* So saving, she swung herself off, and British lin»s. So particular were we purchase is enclosed in a wrapping
Hut's no." said Mrs. Aleshin#, "and | -ho wa*s then so near me that I was about this that we tore to piece* Work hearing the full trade mark. "Hr W il-
able to seize hjer and make the rest | that had be en done by the Spaniards |	Vink Pills for Pale People."
liefore we came, and they were the
of
THE CASTING AWAY
IVlrs. Leeks and Mrs. Aleshlne.
ROBT. HUNTLEY, ENGINEER OF
VANCOUVER, B.C.
STRICKEN WITH LA GRIPPE, POL-LOWED BY RHEUMATISM.

Help *<1 Io 4'onstrurt Hie Npnnlsh War Ve»«	__	, ^	M _
ni ls Drslroyrd «If snnilnjio, tub*-They | ****** * •***
Pink Pills t«kM# UH Benllli.
lUrr Cqoul fo (lie Finest Vessel» In Ike
World
i
!
iff
<
Dr.
;
I hoy
Rvngei'8. they evidently
have a good deal of forbearance for
those who never had had the opportun- me and Mrs. Leeks would V got right
it > or the ability of becoming the in when v c saw I he hoot was empty, nf jjpr descent comparut ively easy
thoroughly good housewife which she	if we hadn’t been	afraid	to lie there	y 1rs. Aleshine proved to te a more dif-	pride of the experts, who built them
was herself.	without any man,	for it	might have	flvujt subject. Even after I had a	Kvery one of us felt as if a part of
These two worthy dames s|»ent the floated off* and «either of us don’t firm gnusi, 0f her capacious waist she <>ur life had been worked into these greater part of their time on deck. know nothin about rowin’. And then refused to let go of ;thu ro^s, for fear majestic creatures of beauty andi*>\\ where they always sat together in a Mrs Leeks she thought of you, sui>- that she might drop into the ocean in- er. Utile wonder that 1 never cam place at the, stern of thy vessel which	a b^ung man who knew so much stead of {he boat. But the reproach- so near biuhhenug in my life as when
was well sheltered from wind and about the sea would know how to row.” tvS of Mrs p6cks and the downward 1 heard of their dennmiun. weather As thev sat thus they were oh-	said L *‘but 1 van not ira" weight, of myself made her loosen her Land lubbers who have never thor-
gene rally employed In knitting. al-	why this ooat should have been nervous grip, and, although we came oughiy inspected a first-class armor- sapphires, rubies, etc., as good as those
though this occupation did not pie-	!v^1 eippty. I see a keg ol	water in	Verv near going overboard together, I	ed cruiser have little conception ot the turned out by nature,
vent them keeping up w hat seemed to	Jt* ,and	,he oorfl» and 8ome	tin	safely placed h*»r on one of the thwarts	enormous amount of work put on them
me. as 1 passed them in my walks	and, 80	! 8UPP°se it has been made	\ now* unhooked the tackle from, the	Imagine an army of workmen taking
about the de k, a continuous couver-	ready	for somebody. Will	you wait	stern; hut before casting off at the	lour years to build three ships, and
sation From a question which Mrs.	hvre a minute until	I run	forward and	bow, I hesitated, for I did not wish to	think of the. enormous amount of mon-	penchant	for	precious	stones.	But	eo
Leek" once iusked me about a distant	how things are	going	on there.'	desert any of those who might lie ex-	ey that was wasted by the Spanish	far as any	one	knows	he has	not	pro-
sail, our acquaintance began. There AmwUhipe and forward I saw that meeting to embark in this boat. But Government on those magnificent spe- . j cemfl 0t tv,« first wator was no one on board fon whose society * here was some confusion among the j could hear no approaching footsteps cime ns ol fighting machines. A British b particularly cared, and tvs thero was jveop.e wrh<> were not yet .In their boats, an(| froni my position, close to the side first-class cruiser costs about $i!,(X.O,-somdhingl quaint audt odd about these 11	1 found that there was to he ra- Qf the steamer, I could see nothing. OOO, bub the Iberesa, \ izcaya and Oq-
count rywomen on the ocean which in-	‘her more crowding t han at first was	Therefore I cast off. and, taking the	uvndo cost, I should say, twice that
I crested me, I was glad to vary my	expected, i copie who hid supposed thaï	I oars, I pushed away and rowed to a	amount, or somewhere, in the neigh-
solitary promenades by an occasional	,"®IP t0 go in a certain boat	little distance, where I could get what -	borhooil of 64,0.-0,001 each. No more care
chat with them. They were not at all	found there* no place, and were hur-	pver view'; was possible of the deck of	could ixissihly he put on any ships than	Buby
backward in giving me information Lying to ot«eI «oats. It now I ecame the steamer. Seeing no forms mov- were put on them The engines were carbon with the idea of separating the
about themselves. They were both wid-	|>lam. to mf. thaF .n0 V™6 sh(!Vl<! h°	ing about. I called nut, and, receiving	fourteen hundred horse power, and at	^Hion afterward and reducing it to
ows, and Mrs. Aleshine was going out	lof‘ in get ting 111,0 1 «e *s|«all boat	n0 answer, I shouted again at the top	a test of s|>eed made in October, 189(1
to,'Japan to visit a son who had a po-	" !1Kr Levas had pointe i out, and	nf my voice. I waited for nearly .a	showed 13,809 h.p. *1 heir guaranteed
nit ion there in a mercantile house.	"Lich was probably	reserved for	some	minutPt anti, hearing nothing and see-	speed was twenty and a half knots, and	way, I was trying to make a diamond,
MLeeks had no children, and was	favored persons, as	t he officers	were	jng nothing, I became convinced that	they made it on their trial.trips. There	I accidently discovered the secret of
accompanying her friend because, as keeping the people forward and amid- no one wafl |eft on'the vessel.	I was a twelve inch thick belt around crystallization or tbo making of the
&A srswte %j»,*aïï sa” s*« s « a sa.1#** ras éssrz-
%....	i ,,lhr r. zs^srs
she should not see the world as well aud lhe two women who were waiting of the steimer, in t lie direction which during 1894 gave some HXJ pages of L crank He is a student
as other people.	T. T\r rU>P£	a/f’	the other boats had taken.	space to the description of these ves- m volumes in the public library
These two friends were not educated	J°*\ve musJ. get in as soon -is weean"	"It’s a good thing you van row, said	sels, showing that this journal con-	VN h ich are not called for by other peo-
womvn. They made frequent mistakes	•. , • £ •	‘ for this	hont PIrs- Leeks, settling herself comfort-	sidered the construction ol these mon-	He is perfectly certain of his
wmm BlSSiip»™ lipg:
ESEErHHE	%	.1 ^>7 i
tion concerning nautical matters, for- ,	'.	steamer, which appeared to me to b< tons, armament and ammunition, 4-h heryl emerald. A person might spend
eign countries, and my own affairs, the	,lf^e, said I. “I shouldn t rapidly settling in the water, I P<M* tons.	fifty years with book learning, trying
working of which helped to make us wonder if this boat is to be- taken reived at no great distance several	AT THE TRIAL TRIPS	to find out how to make these pie-
¦¦¦¦rü
if anythin’ happened on the way to considered that as each of them	^	l)Ildge huih vvhen the I rans-Caspian
tend puttin' on two myself to make up It wa* not very long after this that » loat eome one near ond dear to me for Mrs. Aleshine’» fat; but you must Mrs. Leeks said that she thought the wear one of 'em, sir, now that you are lights on the other boats must be go-goln' to join the party.”	ing out, and that this, most probably,
As I knew that two life-preservers was due to the fact that the sailors Jongs to the blue bloods, doesn’t she?
had forgotten to fill their lanterne be- Rival Belle—^ es, indeed. You just fore they started. "That sort of thing ought to see her nose on a cold day often happens," she said/ "when peo-leave a place in a hurry."
To Be Continued.
A BOSTON ALCHEMIST.
He Claim* to know Ihe Secret of linking
Preeltm* atone*.
A Boston upholsterer has turned magician and says he knows how to make
His name is Albert J. Ruby, which! may have something to do with his
yet
His own account of ruby and sapphire making is given in this brief and vague :	"Last winter," says Mr.
while looking for a solvent for
ma finer
soluble, hard and fusible form, by the
l
i

He reads
;
A LONG BRIDGE
The proposed iron bridge over the Amu-Daria River, on the Central As-
hour afterwards, nothing could be seen of her lights.
As it usually happens on occasions of accidents at sea, the (bun ige to our vessel was at first reported to be slight'; but it was soon discovered that out injuries were serious, and indeed disast rous. The hull of our steamer had been badly shattered on the port bow, and the water cams in at a most alarming rate. For nearly
twxn hours the crew and many of the	, . .	__ w ,
passengers worked at the pumps, and would not be needed by Mrs. Leeks, everything possible was done to stop an(l would greatly inconvenience her, the enormous leak ; but all labor to I accepted, the one offered me/ but desave the vessel was found to be utterly dined to put it on until it should l e
necessary, as It would interfere with
The site is about
As the the hew
bridge would be 13,887 feet, or almost 3 miles long and 72 feet above the normal water level to keep clear of the drift coming down ed total cost of the bridge is $2,500,000, and a Russian firm has secured the contract for the metal work bridge will probably be commenced tlfy summer.
/
GOOD OLD FAMILY
The estimat-
Richfello—That Miss Forundred he
The

SMOOTHING THE WAY
and a little before mid
unavailing.	____
night the captain announced It was oay movement* I impossible to-keep the steamer afloat, "Very well, said Mrs and that we must all take to the you think you are safe in gettin down boats. The night was now clear, the I without it. But Mrs. Aleshine and me stars were bright, and, as there was will pub ours on before we begin sail-but little wind, the sea was comjwra- • or-scramblin’. Me know how to do it
y lawyer told me he thought I I	GOOD ADVICE.
, tiÆ. iw,	jr-whiiîi!îïïSKïï„;"r, 'ut
be wanted.	cheaper for me.
M
Leeks, "if
SPAIN’S SUNSHINE. '
Spain has more sunshine than any
other country in Europe, the yearly average being 3,000 hours.
»







###PAGE###7###
a Gorgon or a Madonna. look out what	charge your religion with being a false	fTin	ÇfîlVîX A V	Cflinfif
you aay. Look out what you do. Eter-	face. Du not let your cowardice and	HIE	OUll A’/V I	OLilUULe
nlty will hear the echo. The beat aer- treason l>e heard among the martyr a	, 
k	s.ï'otVriii"S7JSS?‘,is	*o«.m.
tent walk. If you want others to betrayal of that cause for which they serve God, serve Him yourself. If you agonized and died.	|
want others to shoulder their duty,	May the eternal God rouse us all to
shoulder yours. Where Ablmelech	action 1 As for myself, 1 feel 1 would
goes his troops go. Abraham begat	be ashamed to die now and enter hca-
Lsaac, and Isaac, begat Jacob. The von until I have accomplished some-father good, it was easy enough for thing more decisive for the Lord that world,	for	the son and grandson to be good. Aha-	bought me. I have thought on this,
We are very apt to	stick to	ziah begat Joash, and Joash begat	the first Sabbath after the summer , , ,,	__
'[»»» old modes of at tack. We put on Jeroboam. The father bad, it was vacation, I would like to join with you	of **ra®l» Caimel. hrorn verse S3
,h" ^W-s(yle coat of mail. We come easy enough for the son and grandson in an oath, with hand high uplifted to it seems that Elisha had a place on !''l,h tiw «11 1r I». keen, glittering to he had. Oh, start out for heaven heaven, swearing new allegiance to {ferme j (probably not far from the
•m -TV'uK-srs.s'nSTiS as,^jr;~'rïiU«s: I	«rue —• - «¦¦»'•» —	'-<¦¦¦•
have a thousand spears where we have tes will come after you, and your so- ren. how swiftly the time does go by I Jehovah), vt hither on new moons and r.n* And so the castle of sin stands, eial friends will join you. With one It seems to me 1 never saw such a on Sabbaths the people came for wormy friends we will never capture branch of the tree of life for a baton, swift summer —never a summer that 'his world for God by any keen sabre marshal just as many as you can ga- had such nimble feet. It seems to me
of sarcasm, by any glittering lances of	ther. Oh, the infinite, the semi-om- as if the years had gained some new	from Sbunern	was perhaps seventeen
rhetoric, by any sapping and mining of	ni|>otent power of a good or a bad ex- power of locomotion—a kind of speed	miles. Afar	off. .She would come
profound	disquisition,	by	any	gun-	ample !	electric. Last Sabbath was an awful
powdery explosions of Indignation, by	I saw the other day, near the beach, a	day to me. I had nothing to do but
sharp shootings of wit, by howitzers of w recker's machine. It was a cylinder to think, and when I thought of how
mental strength made to swing shell with some ho as at the side, made for little I had accomplished for Christ. I*rty could be plainly seen from tire lv,j	by cavalry horses gorge- 4he thrusting in of some long poles and of how short a time yet remained mountain aide. Gehazi. Elisha's at-
vam .jîPfa».ria0,??d '"T"K ‘he uir r ith a!uODis l"velrye; ttnrtl ,when th.er" Ul rurk lot Him. ™y bead grew dizzy tendantj fir„ mer,tioned in thi« story, uin all the attempts on the part, of	another vessel in trouble or going and my heart ached, and 1 felt as if £	...	.	.. .	ui_
th«se ecclesiastical foot soldiers, light	to pieces out in the offing, I he wreck- ! must fly into your presence and utter lllH or,d,n	not lung is known. M
horsemen, and grenadiers.	era shoot a rope out to the suffer- this rallying cry for Jesus.	later history involves a sad record of
Abimelecà is a name malodorous in My friends, I propose this morning in* men. They grasp it, and the Sjill further, I learn from this sut>- disloyalty, greed, blindness to spirit-
r r r	EH^sy&E	- ,=t
uncomely, but they tell where the	and put it on his shoulder and lot us	l<*° at y°ur f« ot to-day, there is an , They said: fieri4h will lake care of us.	Shunem, a city in tlie	tribe	of	Issa-
rocks are. The snake's rattle is hide-	f.11 come around these obstinate iniqui-	iSf,uenc® with a tremendous leverage. Ablmelech may batter down every-	char	situated on the northern sloj*	of
out*, but it gives timely warning. From f*®*' aftti then, with this pile kindled Y*™1® attached swings far out into thing else; he cannot batter down
u..m,bl a»?w“ïïÆüsaî?.1 -rarr-s? atzsixictiK —m-
by night,	I saw	a	light-house	fifteen	ljurn them out. What steel cannot	Prati°11* that are to follow, will grip i crackling, and they were smothered	teemed friend.	She was, apparently, a
miles away, not	placed there for	adorn-	do* firo may. And 1 this morning	that influence, and feel the long-rea- with smoke, and they miserably died.
““““^ %?,ssjzsa,rsK uis'Æ suttCssst »»- »«-•. —.
c g' 't,us 1,01 nt* ®° ail *hp	Plan of religious attack however râdi-	1 he visitor cannot tell whether it was	this morning may have persuaded you	But her unexpected gallop across the
iron-bound coast of danger is marked	cal, however odd, however unpopular	in ,898’ 1798« or 1698> that you died,	that you have a comely cheek; your	pjain Iuadt5 the prophet wonder; it
F^EHzr atSTSS	*" “—.- —¦ "
p « P «1 ait mi in iuiied m the Bible not	let us try another style. If the	out with a tree branch, the work would j right; but bear with me if 1 tell you | heart	would anticipate
only as warnings, but because there	Church music of to-day does not get	not have been accomplished, or if ten, that if un pardoned you are all wrong.
were sometimes flushes of good conduct U,t\ victory, then let us make the as- tu',nt>r' or thirty men had gone; but 11 have no clinometer by which to
- “f	usss," « res i.“"
sometimes drives a very straight nail	the evening docj not succeed let us	carry each his tree branch down aud	very steep. "Well," you say; "if the	The oriental wny of saying. "How do
with a very poor hummer.	have one as early in the morning as	throw it about the temple, tlu* victory	Bible is true, I am a sinner. Show	you do?” It is well. "It is peace.’The
The cit, at tiheolieui bad lo lie taken. "hen th« «ngel found wreatlmg Jacob », tamed-the temple falls.	me some refuge. I will step right in- oriental way of saying, "Pretty well.
“r—ï - “» — «-» sas,	«ïs	• ...	....
do it. 1 see the dust rolling up from the work, then let	us have a sermon	*nK hts whole duty, there are a great	into some kind of refuge. Here
their excited march. 1 hear the shout- wilh twenty heads,	or no head at all	m'iny **ho never lift an axe or swing	step in the tower of good works.
rit';" 1H	-srs.	«“s:	r
K 11 ** °rda clack sbaiply on m our prayers, more heart in our busy bee; as though there were twen-j the stejs* are varnished; on the wall tire G<*hazi, and presses on. Only to the the parrying shields, and the vociféra- j preaching. Oh for less of Abimelec h’s I ^ sailors sound asleep in the ship’s j pictures of all (be suffering you have man of God can «he unburden her tion of two armies in death grapple, is sword and more of Abimelecli’s confia- I hammock to four men on the stormy alleviated, and all the schools you have
horrible to hear. The battle true* on ?5Stivn 1 1 had often heard	deck, ft seems as if there were fifty established, and all the fine things you
.j, .	.	.	.«	! ihere is a fountain filled with thousand men belonging to the reserve have ever done. Up in that tower you
sni clay, and as the sun is set ' ing, Al>-	blood"	oorj», and only one thousand active feel you are safe. Rut hear you not and which, as wa supjio.se, was a reoog-
imtlech, and bis army, cry; *' Sur ren- flung artistically by four birds p* rched I combatants. Oh, we all want our boat the tramp of your unjsirdoned sins all ni zed seat of the worship of Jehovah. «1er I" to the Ueateu toe. And uuaWe	Sunday 1 outil, in the gallery, «Ht over to the golden Hands; hut around the towerl They each have a ghe rM1 ht him by thH feet
longer to resist, the city ol tihechsin xr",tl1 1 though, of	Jenny Lind, and	the mosl of os are either seated in	match. They arc kindling the oomlrns-
fulis , and there are pools of blood, aud I	and Son tag,	and, all the other	the Prow or the stern, wrapped ur our	tide material. You feel the heat	and	¦
dissevered limbs, and glazed eyes look- w“'rUer8: but tllerB camo “ot one tear f'trll>e4 shawl, holding a log-handled the suffocation. Oh! may you leap was one of wupp lira turn, Llisha, who ing up begging for mercy that war r° n}y eye' nor one master emotion to I Hun*shade, while others are blistered in in time, the Gospel declaring: "By the regarded this woman with gratitude
BAB
v^VrL I i ®aa^zf1®nt- a“d tae wood- synods, and the academical gowns- ! pose, in military circles, on the morn- well shake of the hand when I went * ff the gift of the Spirit. Salute him not.
ÎU ^	to l,Jaz®' ai)d on? a™ of men of Christianity sanctioned it. The : ing of battle, the roll is called, and ! two months ago who are not here to- Oriental salutations take time. Haste
{ ! h ,lnu ll 11,1 0,1 ! H* 1 slde temple of tierith must come down, and ! out of a thousand men only a hundred j day. Where are they ? Vi hen in was the object of the embassy, for in c* uie temple, and another arm of flame I do not care how it comes.	i men in the regiment answered. What the closing service I opened my hymn- that climate decomposition must set in
irown up on toe but side or the Still further, I learn from this sub- excitement there would be in the camp! book and found the place, they opened speedily. (Besides, concentration of , e' u, 1	°'*»? their ,urid	the power of example. If Abi- What would the colonel say Î What their hymn-book and found the same purporse is as needful to success in re-
pa ms under the wild night sky, and melech had sat down oh the grass, and	high talking there would be	among	place. I open my lx>ok to-day; they	jiglous effort	as in secubir business.
l“l,.ciif °* rliel wot bin, and ‘‘Pire!' told his men to go and get the boughs,	the captains, and majors, and	the ad-	do not open theirs.	Great God, is life	Lay my staff	upon the face of the
without, announces the terror, and the and go out to the battle, they would jutants I Suppose word came to head- such an uncertain thing î If I liear a child. Elijah in ten led to delegate his strangulation, and ihe doom of the She- never have gon* at all, or if they had I quarters that these delinquents excus- little too hard with my right foot on prophetic power by the loan of his chi-mit-es, and the complete overthrow it would have lean without any spir- ed themselves on the ground that they the earth, does it break through into staff, exactly as an ancient, king might of thf* temple of the god Berith. 1 hen it or effective result but when Abi- had overslept themselves, or that the | the grave? Is this world which swings delegate his royal power by the loan there went up a shout long and loud, I melech goes with his own axe and	morning was damp and they were	at the speed of thousands	of miles	of his signet ring,
from the stout lungs and swarthy	hews down a branch, and with Abi-	afraid of getting their feet wet, or	an hour around al»out the	sun going	30. The heart of the mother will take
ihi.sts uj A hi me lech and his men, as	me lech’s arm put it on Abimelech'a	that they were busy cooking rations,	with tenfold more speed towards the	no denial. She may well have	doubted
they stood amid the ashes and the dust	shoulder, and marches on, then, my	My friends, this is the morning of the	judgment day? Oh, I am	overborne	the efficacy of Elisha’s staff	in the
crying : ' Victory I Victory I” Or, as text says, all the people did the same. I day of God Almighty's battle I Do you w ith the thought and in the hands of one who showed so little of the text has it: " And Abimelech gat How natural that was. What made not see the troops ? Hear you not all confusion I cry to one and I cry to Elisha’s spirit. 1 will not leave thee, him up Mount Zalmon, he and all Garibaldi and Stonewall Jackson the	the trumpets of heaven and	all the	the other; "O	time! O eternity!	Persistence is	the characteristic of
the people t bat Here with him, and Abi- most magnetic commanders of this	drums of hell ? Which side are you j O the dead! O the	judgment day! O	strong faith anJ strong desire. Com-
melech took an axe in his band and cut century t They always rode ahead. I on? If you are cm the right side, to Jesus! O God!” But catching at the ( pare Kxod. 33. 15; Gen. 32. 26. Luke down a bough from the trees and tool | Qb, the overcoming power of example, what cavalry troop, to what artillery last apostrophe, I feel that I have j 15.	1. He a rose, and followed
It and laid it on his shoulder? and said Here j* a father on the wrong road; I service, to w hat garrison duty do you something to hold on to; for "in God her. The child died nt noon, unto people that were with him, What *11 his boys go on the w rong road. Here i belong ? In other words, in what Sab- is thy refuge, and underneath are It must have been nearly sun-ye have seen me do, make haste, and ** * father who enlists for Christ; bis 1 bath-school do you teach ? in what the everlasting arms." And exhaust- set w hen the mother reached Elisha, do as 1 have done. And all the people children enlist. I saw in some of the ! prayer-meeting do you exhort ? to ed with my failure to save myself, I |	31. Hearing. "Attention." Gehazi's
likewise cut down every man his picture gallerias of Europe, that be- what penitentiary do you declare eter- throw my whole weight of body, mind, I voice could not reach into the world of bough, and followed Abimelech, and fore many 0f the great works of the nal liberty? to what almshouse do you and soul on this Divine promise, as a spirits. To meet him. Gehazi had put them to the hold and set the hold Piasters—the 0id masters—there would announce the riches of heaven ? What weary child throws itself into the arms made haste, had failed, and returning on fire upon them ; mo that all the men tje sometimes four 0r five	artists	tak-	broken bone of sorrow have you	ever of lta mother; am	a w ounded soldier	met Elisha and the mother on	t heir
of the tower of Shechem died.”	- copies of the pictures.	These	cop-	set f Are you doing nothing ?	Is it | throws himself on	the hospital pillow,	way. Symbols are of no use	where
Now I learn first from this subject, ies they were going to	carry	with	possible that a man or woman	sworn I am a pursued man throws himself in*	spirit and power are absent.	Never
the folly of depending upon any one ^em ; or haps, to distant	lands;	and	to be a follower of the Lord	Jesus to the refuge: for	"in God is thy re-	mistake the sign for the thing	signi-
form of tactics In anything we h&vt £ have thought that your life and char-	Christ is doing nothing f Then hide	fuge, and underneath	are the ever-	fied, no*- outward form for inward
to do for tMs world or for God. Look }loter are * masterpiece, and it is	tie-	the horrible secret from the angels,	lasting arma" I can	speak no more	grace. Child is not awaked. No evi-
over the weaponry of olden times— ¦ copied, and long after you	are	Keep it away froid the book of judg-	j for the gladness. Oh	for a flood of	de nee that he supposed him not dead,
javelins, battle-axes, harbegeona, *nd e it will bloom or blast in	the	ment. If you are doing nothing, do	tears with which to	express the joy	as the term •bleep” was commonly used
show me a single weapon with which r 0f those who knew you. and be I not let the world find it out, lest they jof this eternal rescue!	I for death, 1 Kings 1. 21.
Abimelech and his men could have
CITY OF SHECHEM FALLS
gamed such complete triumph. It la no eahj thing to take a temple thus armed. Yet you are willing to testify to-day that by no other mode—cer-Uiuly not by ordinary modes could mat temple so easily, so thoroughly, lave been taken. Fathers and mother®, ondhren and sister», in Jesu» Christ, nut ihe Church most wants to learn ns day, is that any plan is right, is lawf«l- is beat, which helps to
¦¦I temple of sin,
capture this
i
REV. DR. TALMAQE DRAWS SOME LESSONS FROM THE BATTLE.
The M h ii ii a min llr'» fcni."
Ho Idem Teal. Fuel* M-tt.
PRACTICAL NOTE».
Captured Without the Le»» of a Single Mau-"There I» a Fountain Filled With Blood " The Fewer of Example-The Advantage of Ceueerled Aetlom liante»! Appeal for Sinner» to lleprut.
A despatch from Washington sn^-s: Rev. Dr. Taimfl^c preached from the following text;—" And Abimelec-h got him up to Mount Zttlmon, he und all the people that were with him ; and Abimelech took an axe in him hand, and cut down a bough from the trees and took it, and laid it on hia shoulder, and said unto the people that were with him: What ye have seen me do. make haste and do as I have done. And all the people likewise cut down his bough, and followed Abimelech, and put them to the hold, and set the hold of fire upon them; so that all the men of the tower of Shechem died.”— Judges ix. 48. 49.
Verse 25. She. The Shunamroite woman. The man of God. "God’s man,”
overthrow and God
the
El Lahti, now pre-eminently tiw pro
%
The distance
Mhip and instruction
across the plain of Je*reel, which is overlooked by Carmel; and her little
every man
This
Little IJermon (Josh. 19. 18)
regular attendant on the periodical
all sorrow, which Elisha's sympathetic
26. Rvn now, 1 pray thee, to meet
her. An evidence of Elisha’s great esteem for her. Is it well. " Is it peace?”
you definite in their meaning than their You Western equivalents. There is no de-
heart’s sorrow.
2fT. The hill. Where Elisha resided.
Great
grief shrinks from speech. The action
A badge of Elisha's prophetic



8	- tm "


















—



_
###PAGE###8###
X
SCROFULA
and the same is hereby accepted by this board.—Carried.
As we have noticed nothing from this I Moved by W. C. McDowell sec. by Two or three young pure bred York» I corner lately ;i thought 1 would lend a Robert Smart that the auditors be paid shire Sows for sale. Price £2.50, or few items.	! £8 each.—Carried.
£3.CH> if pekigree is furnished.	Mims Annie Park, of Parkinan, who has Moved by dames C. Armstrong sec. by
d AS. ARMSTRONG,	| been visiting this section for the past few T. Prvndergast that an uniform rate of 1
*ks returned to her home Saturday. loentin the dollar of eaoh ami every dob Mrs. Win. Warren, of Ottawa, is visit- lar on the collection roll bo and is hereby : friends in this vicinity.	levied for school purpose* for the year be-
Mias Smirlie, of Ottawa, is visiting at ginning on the first day of duly, 181*8, and Mr. Cowley s.	the same is hereby levied ; and also that
P Mr. W. Mahycw, and family, w ho have «n uniform monthly fee of 25 cents per been away visiting relatives for the past month tor eight months in the year be few weeks have returned home.	and is hereby levied on each and every
Mr. Win. McJanet’s residence on Wed-1 child in the municipality from the age of day last was the scene of an interesting l pleasing event, it being the marriage of his daughter, Misa Betsey, to Air.
John Little of Clarendon. The wedding attended by a large gathering of friends and relatives. The bride was the cipient of many useful and costly presents.
Bristol iTows
Pigs For Sale.
«
u My little boy, aged 7 v 15 months, was a victim of Sc the face, which all the doctors said was incurable. To tell the truth he was so bad that I could not bear to look at him. At last I tried a bottle of Burdock Blood Bitters, and before it was half used he was gaining, and by the time he had three bottles used he was completely cured. I cannot say too much in recommendation of B.B.B. to all who suffer as
he did.” JOSEPH P. LABELLE, Mani-wake P.O , yue.
ears and crofula on
A
Green Lake.
w tu
nu;
UNDERTAKING.
H. S. Dowfl’s Column
4
/
m
7 to 14 years of age, save and only School
WÊÊÈÈÊKÊÊM
month for eight months for the children from 7 to 14 years of age, and the same is hereby levied accordingly.—Carried.
Moved by Thomas Vrendergast see. by W, C. McDowell that we adjourn.—Carried.
I
lies
There can he no question about it. Burdock Blood Bitters has no equal for the cure of Sores and Ulcers of the most chronic and malignant nature. Through its powerful blood purifying properties, it gets at the source of disease and completely eradicates it from the system.
‘‘THE LEADING HOUSE ”
which ia levied 40 cents per
on
»iin
SUCCESSORS TO
A. SMILEY, UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
WHS
rv
BIG
The above firm having purchased the Undertaking business and equipment pf Mr, Arthur Smiley, have also se
ÛUred his serviced as manager of the same for a term of months, which is a aullicient guarantee that the requirements of the establishment will be fulfilled with the same degree of satisfaction as formerly.
II. Matheson,
Sec. Treas,
Dame Rumor says we are to have another wedding in this locality Hope they wont forgot to ask.
soon.
BARGAIN
London, Aug 3.—It is reported that I Mr. Geo. II. Cm zoo, the parliamentary ] O A T TJI secretary for the Foreign Office, has ac-1	J2J, - - -
cepted tne offer of Viceroy of India,
Minutes of a regular session of the mun* I succession to the Earl of Elgin.
icipal council of the municipality of the j	---?------
village of Shaw ville held oil Monday
,ho lirai day of August. 1898, pre.eu. . x<) onp „„„ hnvp , lk|n clfar and fiw | •
Mayor G. r. 11 oil gins , Cvum ill«>r M. l^a ng, from blemish whose b!oo*l Is Impure. Bur-11, Hobbs, duo. A. Co wan, George Hynes, «lock Blood Hitlers purlflps the blood and re
Georg, Donaldson and Donald McRae .rMŒn^dr^'nd^^tï Moved by coun. Hobba and seconded by
coin». Cowan that minutes of last regular meeting ba adopted.—Carried.
Moved by coun. Lang and seconded by coun. Mcltae that a by-law be passed . levying a tax at the rate of £1.00 a year I ArvnviQl
for each dog of any age and £3.00 for each, XXXilx. UCW
bitch of any Age and that the owners) thereof be compelled to pay the said tax i tpo 11 into the hands of the secretary treasurer.	1
By Law No 01.
Scribe.
| BURDOCK
JBlood Bitters.
ShawviUo Council
Xow I» .
Full Blast.
The people are realizing outvalues and are going away well pleased.
Be one of the crowd next Friday or Saturday and get yourself a
A Clear Skin.
A c mplete stock of Funeral Supplies
will be kept on hand.
<
The
—OFFICE AT THE OLP STANO —
Main street, - - su aw ville
JAS. CVrtlBKItTSON
0
THE STOCK-IN-TRADE OF
Œeo. A. Graham. - -
- - Starke’s Corners
.1 \S. GRAHAM
f
ÎTobby Suit .. Hat or Boots. .
SHAW VILLE
Hair Dressing iParlor
:FAIR
CONMISTINU OF
Province of Quebec. \
Municipality of Shaw ville. /
At a general session of the municipal council of the municipality of the village
are guaranteed* alj o!	'‘conS*'wUh the
Hair Dressing Parlour.	municipal code of the province of Quebec,
Parties wishing to have their razors bon- | at which session were present, Mayor (i. ed or drissed can have them put In excellent 1 F. Hodcins and councillors H. Hobbs, condition for from 15 to S eeuts.	IH Lgn| and Jno. A Cowan, George
Hynes, George Donaldson and Donald TQTJJT fiJjrTTTf I McRae, forming a quorum of the council V	* ”¦ 1 under the presidency of the Mayor,—
It ia ordained and resolved by by law of | THE SOCIETY’S GROUNDS AT
the council as follows :—That a dog
tax he levied at the rate of I we a nan VVf V m	j
SI 00 per year for each dog of any age, LJl «HL	W y	Jll !
and £3 00 por year for each bitch of any	I
age, that all persons residing within the	q Iff
«WBimi-» 25	WBDNPISD A V Bress S=oi3.
to p <y the above tax into the hands of the |	**	-L , j # w
secretary treasurer.	j	,	-, A 1
Moved by coun. Hobbs and seconded fo0]3u. ±4 JLoWo coun. Donaldson, that by-law- •	*	*	*
(11 bo read a first time.—Car-
or anything else you may require, at the Special Reduced Prices.
a complete range of
MAIN ST., - - SHAW VILLE.
OF THE
Having been purchased by the under signed, he desires to inform the people of the surrounding country that he intends carrying on business in the same premises, and by squata dealing and strict attention to the requremonte of the public, he hopes to merit a continuance of the patronage extended to Mr. Graham.

COUNTY PONTIAC | Now is your
Airicnltiral Scciely â 1
Chance.
Try my Hair Tonic.
$7 to $10 Suits ut $o.00. Suits at
WILL BE HELD ON
ind others at - - $2.96. Extra Harvest Shoes. $1
WATCHES,
CLOCKS
4k tin
'1
=5
SILAS YOUNG.

etc. etc.
Either Silk, Wool or Cotton manu, facture in Summer Styles, will all be oflered in July at euch^liberal reductions that buying will be difficult to resist
by % •
A complete stock of the above always on hand at

11
ried.
lend a second lime.—Carried.	| Ulg Ot the HOW Exhibition
Moved by coun. Lang and seconded by Hall will take place by D.
' c un McKie, that by law No. ul be read p*|r ,	MF \ \\r T
a third time short and passed.—Carried.	villlies,	iM.-L.-A. J W.J.
Moved by coun. Ling and seconded Poupore, M.P., aild Hull.
tetesrssvaisi <*»¦*«
riiod. Hodgins that he was attacked by Several speed competitions 1)0*
two vicious dogs belonging to J no. A.	,	x	.	0
Dale and •!no. Dolan, be it therefore re-	t\Y UC11 COlllltj llOFSCS, IOV
solved that the sec. treas. be instructed	which pi izCS will be award-
«I. " ill come off during the
tt way that the publ c will not bo endang | elfttTHOOIl.
end.
a. j. mm
Main St. - - Skawville.
U.TV.
REPA Ii:i.\
1 5/7.1
4 -
Gloves, Hosiery Laces, etc . . .
Ottawa^
Business College.
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
\

——o
(Established X * years.)
Fall term commentes August 15th. X per* mant lit stall oi four experienced «b e expert t« nviii-rn ; thirty two > • ,,rs of uninter-ruptr d Mivvess ; bellig endowed by the l< ad-ing business and p ofcpalonal men of the Capital; each graduate getting the Dip otna of th** Itustiit'SK l.(Hh*htors' Associât on ol Canada; the nvcvsb or our graduates (they are to !>•• found * very where) are points for I your consideration. S» net for new Catniogue. -
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
148’1544 Bank Sr., Ottawa.
and many other seasonable lines will be subject to Great Discounts during July.
ma

House & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator.

We are positively . .
o
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
Among the special prizes offered is a gold medal by Hon. George Bryson for the best single roadster in the counties of Pontiac, Ottawa and Renfrew.
Wm. B. Crawford to be charged for ten J.iys use of scraper at the rato of 20c per day.
Moved by coun. Donaldson and second-j e l by coun. Cowan that the supplement to the jurors list for the year 1897 be and ! is held y Rppn-vvd.—Carried.
Moved by coun. Lang and seconded by coun. Donaldson, that wo now adjourn. —Carried.
ESTIMATES FURNISHED.

rj
Headquarters for the best Groceries in the County. We are continually on the lookout for the best and est goods on the market.
o
Shaw ville
new
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT-
ISFACTION GUARANTEED.
LIVERY.
We have
o
All Entries for the Exhibition
Pickles, Baked Beans, Canned Corn and Peas at present that are adm red by everyone, and praised by all who use them, and at piiçes that will astonish you.
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
must be in the Secretary’s hands not later than Sept. 8th, on arrival of the Town Hall, Sbawville, July 30, 1808. [evening mail at E!inside.
For full information regarding the Exhibition, see large posters.
Clarendon Schools.
f?
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
First class horses ami ms at popular prices.
Special attention paid to
the commercial trade.
#
1
Board of School Commissioners met tlds day. Members present—Ralph Hod-gins, chairman ; commissioners James C. Armstrong, W. C. McDowell, Thomas Pr udevgast, and Robert Smart.
Minutes of last meeting read. Moved by Win. C. McDuWell sec. by Thus. Prun-drrgaat that the minutes of last meeting as now read be and are hereby continued. —Carried.
Moved by W. C. McDowell sec. by Thus Prendergast that the following par tics bo and are hereby awarded the contracts of sweeping, dusting, lighting tiros and tciubb ng, in the following schools, , acv «rding to notice of tenders for said woik : School No. 12, to John Palmer,
| #9 75 ; No. 11, Mrs. Janies Findley, $12;
5, (if accepted by her) Mrs. Thomas | I Hudgins, $13 ; No. 13, Mrs. John Hubii j $11 ; No. 3, James Crtik, $12 50 I Moved by James 0. Armstrong eec. by h.2' I It 'hurt Smart that we adjourn to meet at l> uf the clock, p.m. of Saturday 6th Aug list, 1898.—Carried.
“ R 4" I iJ. Matheson,
'¦^1	Sec-Treas.

Starch at 5c. per lb.
Salmon at 10c. per tin.
JOHN YOONS, E. GRAHAM,
Mrtiiir & Ymg
?
President,
Bristol.
Secretary, El in side P.O.
We stay with
Furniture Furniture, Furniture
good quality\and of all styles at
The Leading House for Bargains. Amazingly Low Prices
-----------	FOR CASH.

Ceylon and Japan Teas. Our is a household word in every home in the county.
name
J
M ¦ m 1
Mac Pad Jonction Ey
(TRAME
Ü TU C
—o—
For the Best Qualities and the Best Prices call at the old reliable every time.
I
N
THE
TAILOR
SHAWVILLB,
9
•J
Official Time Table :
i,
AM
Arrive 0 l'
Come to DOWD'S
Aylmer tBrtvkt-nridge t Eardley Parker’* Crossing t Mohrs Quyon Wyman's ?Tank Bristol
McKee's
Bhawvllle Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank t Vinton Con longe * Mellon s Waltham
•Flag Station. tTank. t’Flag Station.
5.45 Leave
60»
6.12
• •
I
6. IK
6 2'i
i «
8 ,*•
Ralph Hodginh,
Chairman.
44
6.37
6.47
» 4
6.56
« 6
44
8.14
6.58
• 4
8.08
44
7.04
44
8 ft!
Shawville, 6th August, 1898.
Adjourned meeting resumed. Mem-7 Jfl j bera present—Ralph Hudgins, chairman ; " îioti commissioneis Jas. C. Armstrong, W. C. ÎÎJ McDowell, Robert Smart and Thomas Leave Ü3 I Prendergaat.
sustains his reputation for making Suits that
Fit and Wear.
7.26
7 52 7.31
7.46
8.00
4 4
7.18
?
H. 8. DOWD
8 08
84
8.12
» •
8.30
• 1
8J7
44
4 «
11 JAMES MCARTHUR,
8.55 Arrive
Minutes of last meeting read. Moved ^	, ,,	^	by W. C. McDowell sec. by Robert Smart
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway i that the minutes of last meeting as now
W^mer*	I read be and are hereby confirmed.—Car'd.
Moved by James C. Armstrong sec. by .
Thor Prendergaat that the audit of the | 1 R Y THEM. general SUPERINTENDENT 1 Sjc Treasurer's books now submitted be
Quyon Que.
SHAWVILLB.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
?

" ».
J







