###PAGE###1###
Vf
\
SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
Vol. XVI, .No. 20
P. Q., THURSDAY, JAN
12. 1800
?
_ SUBSCRIPTION Une Dollar a Year in ad
“THE EQUITY” i BANK OF OTTAWA
‘^"e Cuthberaou & Urahnin’s ad. on 8.h
Are you uaing Dowd » M..ur f	no doubt one of the counties destined to
Mr. and Mrs. John McDonald of Ad- re,iP lhu greatest benefit, to work hand in maston, were hero on a visit to Mr. Alex	these gentlemen, and put forth
McDonald's on Thursday and Friday of l*,eir Krvli,e8t tdh.rt in order to accom-last week.	P^eh such a work, which will be one of
n	the historical monuments of our fair Du-
AFtuAiu hay in Photographs —We minion. A" an initiative step, let me sug-vivo en^agi-d the studio in the Pontiac gest that a public meeting of the County House for a year and purpose doing bus. be convened, to which Messie. Puupore ineas regularly in Shawville and to get and Stewart be invited,' and let public our work introduced we will make J doz- sentiment on the project he debated. z»i nn T	cabinets at liait price As to the n oat central and convenient
tj is .Vr ^ ,U 0,1	^ rid ly, Feb. 3rd, place fur the holding of this meeting
Uatidford.	Campbell's Hay ranks foremost, being
situ tied oil the line of the P. P J It., and again the mighty waters of the Ottawa glide smoothly at our feet. As the subject has now been brought under consideration let some one else give the hall another roll and keep it moving along
page

Is issued from the office of Publication, Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.00 per Annum.
—o—
Advertising rales made known on application.
K;uye you tried Dowd's 41 High Loaf
I ho Raymond Sewing Machine equalfi any in the murker. Mur sale by A. Smiley Shawville, from $20 up.
William Doran, Stipendiary magistrate for the district of Niplseing, died at North R«y on Tuesday la-ir, aged (>7.
Dr L Mulligan, Veterinary Surgeon,
who left this village some time ago, has
re urned, and taken up practise here again.
Head Office Ottawa C anada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000 00
•1,195 000 00
l
[lest
Hoard of Directors : Chaki.k.s Magee, Eaq , President
George Hay, esq.,Vice President
Correspondence of local interest solicited HoJ| aeo, Hkyhon. Jr from all parts of the country
John Matiikh, Kkq Davit Mai Larks, Hmv
Alcx. Fiiaskii, Kmq
Dennis Mvrihv, Ksq.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free; but obituary lines, or ••poetry” will he charged at the rate of 8 cents per line money toaooom pa ny the manuscript In every
ease
GEOROE IIUItN. I). M. FINN IE
General Manager, (Ijoval) Manager
A GENERAL RANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
WEIItSTEAD
During the presell! month I will offer
un , youths and childrens’ suits, pants, niui ks, ulsters, overooatm, Imts and caps, and dress goods at reduced
Drafts l sa U ml on all Ranking joints In the Duiain-Ion, United Stair* and Ureal Britain.
Notes and Rills collected.
Ink-rest allowed on Deposit RoccIdI at current
rates.
Hums of Si anil upward* received l.i Having* Department. Internat credited half yearly.
Office Hour* 10 a. rn.toMp. in. Saturday 10a.m. to 1 p. m.
J. A. CO WAX, Publisher
mi
Christmam passed
tf very pleasant, bringing many familiar faces to us. Among those home for the occasion are : W. .1. McNeil, of Dauphin, Man.; Miss A Smiley, W L. Sharp»*, ,,f Fort C >ul-onge; Miss Hattie Telford, of L»we; and Miss Ida Smiley of Ottawa.
Mr. Walter Ovey of Billeiica, spent New Year here.
Mr. H. Dougherty and Mr. J. McN illy
have returned to the woods.
A number of the young people of Weirstvad spout a plea-ant evening at Mr. (j. il. Connolly’s, of Caldwell last
week.
WM. GAMBLE,
prices.
DP. Cori8, Portage du Ford
Advancer
BARRISTER, Ac.,
159 Main Street,..........
At Hhttwvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office over G. F. Hudgins' Store, Main Si.
The residence of Mrs W. II. A. Fraser, est meat h, w»a totally destroyed by fire «»n New \ ear’s day. A large part of the contents were saved, yet the lose is heavy, bur. pretty well covered by
V. T CENTRE
Hull.
The snow storm which commenced on Friday evening and continued on through Saturday and Sunday has left the roads in a very had state indeed.
Our new merchants are being received with open arms by members of the opposite sex especially those who only remain in our rnidsr for a limited time. We wish them success.
Quite a number of our farmers went to the Quyon Holler mills on Friday, returning same day.
Mrs. Lou.s Wivgandt left oup midst on Tuesday for a month's viait to friends in Eganville.
Our village tradesmen have been very busy during the past few weeks completing the now sleighs for Armstrong & R -so. The sleighs are of a style similar to those used in the large lumber camps.
Dame rumor tells us that neat little dwelling up on a lonely hillside in Lower Thorne will noon be occupied. When the happyevent takes place G -don’t forget to invite	Clown.
)
insurance
Lost.-—On Friday, (he 30 h Dec., be • wt en Shaw vile and Wilson’s mill, a pa»r of la y's boots lined with yellow felt h loder » i l oblige by leaving them at Rad-fo.d P. O. or at the Equity office.
Court Shawville,
No 216.
C I 0 F i
OF CANADA.
'
m
VIvein the 41 Ii Wvdiieh-dsy of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mon lb.
Visit 1 ok brethren cordially Invited
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000 RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
Mr. Arthur Grave le,
Diurnal
iîmwii
I wonder what delayed those two y ting men on Sunday night. I guess they waited for
f the Renfrew has accepted the challenge lovvn by G. W. May bee that he (<ii ivelle) cannot open a three or four wheel safe lock The stake to be any
where from $500 to $10,000
L.B.(
Gixobr
llt'ittl Offices ¦ Montreal.
J. A. Cowan, It 8
FI. s. Haknktt, F s
STEELE LINE
W. J. Kadks, C. H

siiuyvilli: itRvvrit,
A writ has been issued at the instance of Mr K. A. Klock, of Aylmer, against lohn Ltughren, member elect for Ni pi sing, for the sum of $5,000 for slander, a leged to have been uttered during the recent Nipiseing bye election.
Dost.—On Pickanock or Main street, between Mr. Andrew Hudgins’ and Academy, about the middle of December— k* y of school door. Finder will please return to Principal of Academy or leave a* the office of Sec.«Treasurer.
Mr. J. V. Findlay, of Rid ford struck it sw«e‘, while cutting down trees a few aws ago-—in other word*, he cut two » ollow trees with a colony of bees in each i»nd a large quantity of honey. He took the sections of the trees home and placed them in his cellar.
Quite a number around here have been sick with measles. We hear of no fatalities.
Dr. J, E. TAGGART. L. D. S., DM,
Money hmn<*d on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred io all parts of the world.
HAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of live dollar* and upwards and Interest allowed.
H
Miss Ross has returned after c. week's holidaying at Bristol Mines.
Messrs. R. Craig and W. Mosley have left for the woods.
Mrs. G. Bradley of Almonte is at present visiting her sister Mrs. T. Craig.
Mrs. J. Draper went to Smith’s Falls on Friday morning.
Mr. Geo. and Miss Ida Morrison of Bristol, passed through here on Tuesday en route for Masham, the latter to re suiiie her duties as teacher in that place.
Where is G’s half way ? Ask
Corner of Hank ami Weillngton .Streets,
OT Special attention given to appoint monte n.adt by mail.
J OTTAWA
Office Hours Hatchdayr .
10 A M. To :t P M
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKKR, Manager
BOURREAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L
I
Xmas Examinations
ADVOCATE . . BIiYSON,
Will attend all the Courts of the District, especially when required.
No. 1 ScH-OL Upper Litchfield
àîoatî am! Central*
Class IV.—1, Albert Blackwell; 2, Joseph Lawn; 3, Lilly Lunam; 4, Janet McLellan.
Class III.—1, Harold Thompson; 2, Irvine Back well; 3, Susan Lawn ; 4, I Aunie McLean; 5, David Morehead ; 6, Jan. 6 —As I have peen nothing no Ben Gibion;7, Winnie McLean; 8, Mary table from this part in your paper for Cole;9, Andrew Hunter, sometime past I thought 1 would write a Claasll —1, Essie McLellan; 2, Dora few items.	Hav. lin; 3, Alex. Richards; 4, Janies
Rev. J. A McFarlane, Presbyterian L»wn; 5, George Thompson; 6, Moose Minister of New Edinburgh, Ottawa, oc-1 Havelin. cupied the pulpit here last Sunday after noon in the absence of the Rev. W Back.
Rev. J. J. Lowe conducted the ser vice in St. Alban’s church here last Sun
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.
Mike
Photos—Good Photos at low prices.
Galliclian, Quyon.
Mr. Handford, photographer of Ren frew, filled his appointment here on Friday last. He will return on first Friday m February.
The de th is announced of the Rev 11 cry F. Bland, at Smith's Falls on the 5 h inst.
The Shawville Marble and Gran itu Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor rurns out a superior class of work in Mon-nnents, Headstones, etc. Prices reason-ible
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Z^lLERK of the District Magistrates' Court \j at Shawville. Money to lend on easy terms on farm and village property. Notary for “ The Relia .ce Loau and Havings Company” of fntarlo.
Will visit Bryson every Thursday,
PABKMAN
NVfe were pleased to have a call on Tuesday from Mrs. S. A. Richardson (formerly Miss Fades) who with her little girl is visiting her relatives in Clarendon at present. Mrs Whitford,
lKTiiUR McConnell,
ATTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, t|uc, will, at request, attend alt court* in the llstrict. A11 .jorrespomleuct prompt* ly inswered.
Will be at shawvilkflret Thursday ofoach month.
Richardson resides at in the Saskatchewan region, where she says the weather is milder, considerably, than here.
Class I.—1, Willie Hamilton; 2, Dan Lawn.
R B wes, Teacher
Just one dollar is all you will be asked to pay for one half dozen cabinets. We won’t charge you ten cents extra for postage, and 25 cents extra for some other imaginary thing to make up the pi ice, nor will we give you more than half d'-zeii at the price quoted. Don’t forget ho day and 11 ice. Handford, Pontiac House, Friday, Feb. 3rd.
Portaob du Fort Elementary School
day afternoon.
Special services conducted by the pas tor, Rev. Mr. Carey, were held in the Baptist church every evening last week.
We are pleased to state that Mr.
Ben. Smart who has been confined to the house for the past eight weeks with ery sipelas is rapidly improving.
Mr. Fred. Cuuke and sister, who have been visiting friends here for the past two w eeks, left for their home in Drummond
on Wednesday last.	I Mr. John McCorriston, of Elmside, Col-
Miss. Fannie Young left hero last week | p ir„.ur for the Ottawa Aux Vary of the oil a men to friends 111 Arnprior.	B. & F B S , s’arts on his annual mis-
rhe Mias.-s Ka:e and Hannah Roid, I ^ ^ the lnillWeamp. on Thursday of Messrs. T. Orr and J. Held of Bristol	WHe|£	Mr. McCorn* ton's district
spent Monday of last week he.e.	]iti, in the K.pp. wa and Lake Te.msca
guests of Mr. and Mr». T. S. Dean. . | mil gue itgion, and its visitation at th e ___	Mi. s Currie, le .cher No 3. returned	of th„ involves considerable
ttr-fa;*saf- a
her sisters. School opened here again 1	’
on Monday.
Mr. J. F. Cuthbertson of Rat Portage,
' I spent his holidays with his parents and I friends here.
Mr. A. S. Smart and Master Tommy
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
Grade III. —1, G »id..n Thomson; 2, Grace McLaren; 3, Pearl Thom on ; 4, Eddie Brabaztin and Lilian Fraser.
Grade II.—1, Gregoir B utley; 2, Henry Gag am ; 3, Cederic Eason.
Primer II. — 1, VV. Grant; 2, L zz o Thomson ; 3, Gerald Thomson.
Grade 1 —1, Herbert Reid; 2, H Tor-angcau; 3, Ethel McCalium.
M. E; Grant, Teacher
An Offer you Should Accept—It will not Happen Again. — We wish to show the people of Shaw ville ami murmur, ding country what wo are doing in the photo line and on Friday the 3id of February—(our next visit)—we will mak. o ir best cabinet photos for one dollar per half dozen—just half price. Please note this offer is good for only one day and nly one half dozen photos for each person. Hand ford, Pontiac House.
a
72 MAIN ST.
HULL QUE.
Will attend Superior and Circuit Court?«I Bryson, also other Courts in Pontiac;;i)i«-trlct when required.
Councillors Elected
Shawville- J. II. Shaw and A. R. Smi
JAS. HOPE & Co.
\f ANUFACTURINO STATIONERS, BOOKSEL
ivl lera, Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository o* the Ottawa Auxiliary Bilik-Soclety .Ottawa,Ont.
ley
Clarendon
dames Robinson, John Smiley and W. C McDowell.
Bristol.—Edward Graham, W. H. Lucas and Sam Smiley.
¦ WV| . - A%B . _ ________________ PCTBUC Installation. — Wednesday
it H'l'I * vl I I LIOI I	ven » g, January 18 h, has been decided
with all Courts In the County, Collection* offices, w bich is to partake of a public mmle mil p-onipt return, mmired	chu.cter, and be at.ociated will, a social
” entertainment which will be free to all 9 Refreshment» will bo provided by mem hers of the Order, for themselves and any friends whom they desire to invite. Keep the date in mind.
Shawvilio Council
Hi
Municipal Council of the village of Shaw-vi.'le, held on Wednesday, the 4th day of January, 1898.
Present—Mayor, G. F. Hodgine; Coun cillors—II. Lang, Geo. Hynes, Jno. A Cowan, H. Hobbs.
Moved by coun. Lang and seconded by
. _	^	,	,	, coun. Cowan that minutes of last meet-
Le Breton street, Ottawa, after a short be adopted —Carried.
illness. Deceased was 60 years of age
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT,
OFFICE ; —COURT HT., SHAW VILLE
ht at* n roads
Notice.
A (.counts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
William Ralph, one of the best known lumbermen’s agents on the Ottawa river, died on Friday last at his residence, 21
Public notice Is hereby given, that the au-Dual meeting of 'lie hareooldere and returned heme Thursday of last week, patrons of the Clarendon Cheese nnd Rutter
fr..n, a visit tu friends in Carletun Place ! mp.%
----------	I is»», at one o'clock p. m. All shureho ders
Prospect Lodge I O G.T. is in a flour- | and patrons are requested Jobe present
New members |	**%T%"er
Jemima.
St. Lawronce Hall,
and Ottawa
.	.	.	.	,	. Moved by. coun. Lang and seconded
and	for twenty	years had	been	in the	by colm. H-.bbs that Mayor G. F. Hod-
employ of Win, Mason and Sons, lumber- in8 hn appointed to preside at the men. On the dissolution of this firm
m9
Mrs C M« McLean,
Proprietress.
idling condition now every night.
meet
__	,	,	r> , ,	, , ing of ratepayers to be held on Monday
jsMsarp-- t'“*	*'• strtrzt 'lid, ,nti | iwïsirïï&sf ,h'
FIRST CLASH Livery Attached.	I away on a trip recently he contracted the
illness from which he died. He was a
To Lease.
CAMPBELL’S BAT
„ , . „	,, , SSS.	I	..
trusted employee, and was regarded as	be paid •—W C	Leyette £15 00 nnv-	around town.	being at a good business point on the main
one of the most successful bush agents.	mellt in' full 'for	build,fence around ^londyke weather has been	the	pro-	| [XiTmllS. from cimpMU' B+yïï mtl«
lo mourn his loss he leaves two sons, one	vipagti piol; John	M. Hodgins $9 07 for	Kramiue for thc ,tt8t ftiW day8-	I from Otter Lake and 5 miles from Thorne
: I tor oïrte o!f.w "Él%o%Lr^" I	Kal^h Hudgins thymol SO.'lS for Trk	Thorne on M.Indl^Ziyk^lT	£5 nmjr^HaFb/Si EF
,11 -V» FF ™ I IB EF %=-=SSSfe I
¦ÉÉnr
iug counties, I think it is the duty of vhickens.
every honest elector of Pontiac, which is J Ducks,.......
pONTtAC HOUsp
7*
A.


im


Shawville Produce Quotations


O
A move was on
20 U 27 50 to 58 38 to 40 37 o 40

• •••••
I
# e

i
15
... 10 to 18
.... 14 to 16 4 75 to 5 25 ... 3 to 4c. 9 00 to 1000 .... 35 to 50 0.00 to 0 75 40 to 75 ......7 to 8c.
er ton
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL,
This hotel will he found fully equipped for the accommodation of the public generally, and especially commercial men. Free ’bus meets all trains. Good livery In connection.
Ladles’ and gents.blcycles.kepl for hire
ins
PROPRIETOR


the now nearly exhausted animals were drawn ont upon solid ice. Mr. McDow- by coun. Hynes that we do now adjourn
ell’s load of wheat was also saved.	—Carried.
ÛÀc. » 6c.
5 to
• •
5 to
• ••••••
6 to 7c.
•i


i‘1
&



_

		
	

###PAGE###2###

ing to un. In I hi’ Hebrew home, thi Talmud tell* u«, the waahLn@ of jug, and oupt&nd bottlee went on the wh«>l< •'Containing. "Having roon Two or three firkin* apiece. Th
'Send in the billM." When
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
you no church of the day costs half tho teacher.	.	.
so much as did the old temple, and yet the bills come m, you pay lor « the tut that temple in olden times wtvs sup- lion, you gsiy for clothing, you pay toi —	ported l>y voluntary contributions, travelling expenses. Nowt bod treats
“»•«recAm 1, lx s&xsz.'rsz IS fcrs
rnlSilii VnUItvn.	1 Lord." When the flocks were drawn ters us, but never tiusts us with a
up, he said, "These lam Us are for Cud ' large amount of money. Hence the Him 11 Kept Pace with Worldly Euler- When the birds were caught, he said, middle classes are in the majority -r girl»e ?-Th* Scriptural Idea on I lie "Th-.w pigeons and these doves are for those men in a community are in t he Subject-The Free < hureh In (he Only sacrifice." l ho t* in pie, the talwr- majority who, when I hey have met the Practical t'ominondiense Wode-Would wide, all supported by voluntary con- butcher's hill, and the Kjooers b .
*—“*“—-7*".................. sarSLJX:aAstiiutrdassKii
A despatch from Washington says:	th;i wur,d h ls u,,n advancing all the bft. The wife says to her husband,
ltev. Dr. Ta Image preached from the t iim* ; there has never been so much “My dear. I think we ought to go to
The rich and poor generosity on earth as now.	church somewhere. "W hy don’t we
Now, 1 say, if in thi.se dark times, taken pew in Dr. Well-to-dos church! and in that wicked city of Jerusalem, “Oh.” hen says, "we can't afford it. I the temple could Is* supported hy vol- h ive more now to pay t han I can pay. No one class in a community is i n de- I un tar y contributions, we can not in Wo can't go there. We've got to deny
of ,he o.her cl«^ That is	UtUr'nTg'ion'.htUT"* horn* C'M
nut il lu all liful Ciimlit h>u i	(|| % duel rinv of Vhr Latin ti bt’iivficriivtf occasion» lly rvuil i !»*• IIli 1)1 tiixd onev
which men stand aloof from etch oth-	mUch inculcated, support a plain in a while go to a funeral, and that
That is a better state when peo- Church? The fact is, that the modes won't cost us any thing; and we will
of constructing church i n.'tuvs have pick up a little religion here end there;
chilled	the voluntary principle, and	and after a while we may have good
dammed hack the charities of the	luck, ml we will then rent a pew, and
W hat is true in	the	world	is	w„, w ;	u h n, if we had gene kick to	K<) u> heaven respect.ddy." Many a hus-
the rich and	the	t h • old	Hi hie plan in all out churches,	b tnd and wife have considered w it h each
i he re would have t>een larger benevul- other upon matters of church economy ind a more extensive support of un i b f re tak ug a pew. the husband
f religion. So that l said to the wife, "Now. you know that
emphasis (>ur income only meets our outgo, io say. "If there come into whit are you willing to deny your-yt.ui assembly a man with a gtdd ring y, lff W ill you have this old carpet and goodly appuel, ant there come in another year? «Will you wear that i ls<> a jmor man with 'de raiment, and hVt i»f furs another winter? Will you
to him that wen ret h consent to have no more dresses this
him. 8l*isonf "No," she says Then, he
wo can’t afford religion, and we
And soib y
TIE CHURCH OF GOD
I
day
INTERNATIONAL LESSON. JAN 16.
for."'
firkin U a liquid measure oontuinini nearly nine gallons.
7, Josubsbi<l nit*» them, Fill the wa
They had pre
*• €1irlBlee Finit MlrnJlr." John t. I II» ImiIiI.«n Tr\ I. John V. II.
PRACTICAL NOTES.
terpota with witter, sumably been emptied by the wash ing* and puri flout ions, them up to the brim.
Verse 1, The third day
Counting
the day of the call of Nathanael as the first, the day of the northward journey
They fill*. Prompt obvdi
enoo.
8. Draw out now. In the original "Ball out/' Can"ii West eut t think# rival as the third. During the three that the water that was changed into
wine was not taken from the vessel « «•!
purification, but the servant* were bidden, after th y had filled the ve*. lured that the marriage was in the **!*, to continue drawing from the
family of Mary, the mother of Jesus, well or spring The exact method of
the miracle i > not of Impor tânOe. I here ; Is, however, u simple parable suggested liera in the juxtaposition of the verb and "draw out*"
as the second, and the day of the ar-
days Jesus traversed the entire length of the province of Perea. It is conjee-
following text
together ; the Lord is the Maker
meet
of them all."—Proverbe xxii., 2
Hei familiarity and assumption of authority seem to give weight to this
conjecture. As Joseph is not mention- ‘ "fill
ed after iho time when our Lord's mm- injunctions taken together furnish the
perfect recipe f »i large living in spirituality and in secular endeavor. Kill your ls»dy with vitality, fill yt ur on mind with information, fill your soul
Those two
cr
ist ry began, il is supposed that be was now dead. Cana of (.salilee is a town about five miles from Naza<eth
the road to the sea of ball lee, built up-| *>>' «**	of grace, and then draw
out abundantly for the benefit of others. (iovernor of th • feast
circles, at
different time come upon a common plat-
pie, moving m some form
true in the church poor ought to meet together; the Lord
1 do not
on a terraced lull which slopes toward i ha setting sun. Its present name
Kefr Keiini. There may or may not | ancient nat ions, to elect une of th« com-
fact i"nv 1 ° preside over a festive mtor-tainment and direct its arrangement^ act mg as a chiiimm. Tile lbniml vd, ' bidden, to thu feast, but the moth- ami (ireeks selected such a "ruler" I j
er of Jesus was t h re, already there th ’ throwing of dice. It might readilj
be, part of such an office to taste I h< wine liefore it was offered to tliri guests. Hut 1 here is some doub# 2. Jesus was called, bidden, lie came whether this "governor" was not i
says Dr. ChuiTon, not so much regard- hired head waiter.
the
is custom with the Jews, as with other
cnct
is the Maker of them all think that the Church of Christ has kept pace w ith the enterprise of t lie thm evei Some years ago, it took a long
The blacksmith
! he him i in i n come kick now wit h more
be incidental significance in t h • ihtl Jo us and bis disciples were "cull
world
time to make a nail would take the bar of iron, thrust it into the hot coals, move the bellows,
have respect
the gay clothing, and say unt Sit th.»u here in a good place, and say to t It ¦ poor, St 'nd t hou t here, "i it, cleave it, round it, fashion it into	under my footstool,
nails
>l
when the young ltubbi and bis disciples arrived.
s y s
8,1 j can't afford thu church
^ are
it	was	a	long	and	tedious pro	then partial in y ou reel ve*, and are be-	^oora of a	free church, where men
but now	the	iron	is	put Into	ihe	conn judges of evil thoughts?' Oh,	m y meet together without invidious
vient it would lie in all	our	they	will pour in
i:,imported by a few men, we could	have	b ive	been	barring	out
tn great masses of the people bring class of men from tbe house of God, thrash wheat from the t heir mites into the Lord’s treasury. and barring them out from the very
1	argue, farther, in behalf of a	Free	of	heaven. The fact is, that the
eh, because 1 thmk it	only	Church	of	spiritual
sheaf uf wheat, tear off the straw that practical common-sen** mode for city insurance company; and the man comes
bound it, scatter it on the floor of evangelization. The Church has tried to get & policy, and you take him into
the bam, and then the slow flail would scores of ways. We have gone out with a private room and sound the lungs,
tracts and with our bibles and reli- and listen to the beating of the heart, books, among the	in the	praetioaliy—not literally»but
now the horses start, the machine rum- destitute parts of the city. Some have p, ;i,i icully—you ask him if he is sound bios, and a sheaf of wheat is thresh- refused to take them. Some have on t p,» dollar question, and if he has
burned	anything like i>ank-
and tried to reform; but as long as	j uptcy, and	if there has been anything
le \	like	sickness the family—
a wonderful printing-press which influ n es by which they are surround- am[ if p js an right,you charge him a
could make two- hundred and fifty im- ed, an 1 do not bring thin into some great premium, and tell him to be very
fifty times, fifty times, th y will he policy should run out, that very night unreformed. In other words, here is a ju, might die, and so lose all the advan-down by the marshes with chills ^ages of all the pew-rent he had ewr
in the same length of time. The Poet- | and fever. The physician (¦«?mes and paid; and where his soul would go to
gives him quinine, and stops the chills; wou|d veiy uncertain.
just long aa that	There	of people < »
in two weeks the mail would go from ^ live down by the swamps, he w ill be m a f ree Church will appeal, and London to Edinburgh, and at about subjected to th* same ailment. Bring ;b;G is the rich. I hive yet to find an
from him out on the hill-top, where the at- intelligent and rich Christian man who x. .	.	mosphere is clear, if you want him to tjoeit nol believe in such institution. He
i>e\% lunt to iKist n.	^ permanently restored. Now, 1 say may doubt the financial success of it;
Now, 1 ask if the Church of God has of those people who live in the slums but j tiJ11 yet to find one such who does
kept pace with worldly enterprise # ! of city destitution, aa long as you eave nut believe in the principal of it
...	.	.	,	...	,	them there they will fall into tutu ,,,her words, our moneyed men do not
with the post-offiu* with modern rail- old sins; but if you bring them into Hke to see the principles of Wall Street
road transportation? with the arts? lb. healthy atmosphere of a Christian app|ie(i lo the church of God
with the sciences f with optics? with church, then you may hope for then say a Yu'h map* I moan a man who has
:»¦ >•*,"SŸ.	* ‘“Æ
say, then is no new principle in re- there is a free Bible, there is a free jesl he can not sufficently display it ligion to be developed." Well, 1 re- cross, and yonder is a free heaven," „but I invyn a man wh » has a fortune, spoild, there is no new principle in thy w ill readily accept the invitation ^ ho masters it, and who has not al-
Thev	ire	and come with you.	lowed his	fortune to master him.
Maik, this, my filends, that when	when you	shall throw open
you save the cities, yuu save the world, churches of the living God as free There \\ h.-n Pekin comes to Christ, all China churches, then I wVmt to tell you that
When Paris surrenders to (b(4 gu|d an(j (|ie stiver, and the myrrh,
surrender. \> h n gn(j * he frankincense w ill come down to
the feet of Jesus.
1 am in favor of a Free Church, further, because all the Providential indications, so far as we are concerned, are in t h it direction. It has lx*en the all-absorbing principle in my soul ever since 1 entered the ministry. It was the thing that brought me to this city.
1 had a ctmfortnble home in Philadelphia, hut this was a gospel principle I thought l would, like to see tried. I came here, and it so happened that all the people who gathered around me w ere of t he same opinion, and so we have been unanimous. We were unanimous in the style of the new church, and about the architecture of the second. We were unanimous about having it free. When we were burped down we were unanimous about reconstruction, and the principle we developed in t he old church we will try to develop in the new
erncle stopped when it burned down, the new Ta lie made will liegin when it rises up.
Having seen the frank, sympathetic men of the world around me, as my companions, i expect they will be my companions when they and I have crossed the flood into the great eternity. I have lived with them in this city, and I ox;ect they will he my neighbours in the better city. 1 know all their trials and temptations; know all their business perplexities; I know all their hardships; and I want to stand before them a few years, and tell them of that Christ who will he their security in every financial strait and their bondsman in every crisis, and who, when the nations are in a panic and the world ablaze, will declare everlasting dividends of light, and joy, and triumph, to all those who have invested their affections in him.
Men and brethren, brothers and sisters in Christ, are you ready for such a The	ush^r looks	at	the one	'there	is	anoiner viass <u peraoua iu	worfc ? if gome may scoff	at you, let
man,	examines him from head	to foot,	whim a	Free Church will appeal,	and	them scoff; remembering	that they
sees that his	garments are	dictated by	th it is t	he	middle classes And let	me	scoffed at Neliemiah, and	at Daniel,
Come s-y they are the suffering ones in r, li- an(j af Christ, and pronounced them
The wealthy	may	fools. Remember, besides,	that there
are tens of thousands of good people in this land, and in Britain, who are praying for our success as n Church. Above all, remember that we are under the benediction of Him in whose
oiing the iron out on the anvil, smite
9. Notice here that the ruler of tin feast knew thit the liquid presented the holy vs- him was wine, hut knew not whenci lute of matrimony l hi 1st adorned and it was, while the servants which drev
His uis- the water km \\ whence it cun \ bo
apparently did , not know by whi power it had liven t ran af or lin’d, Hal
See not e on verse 8.) Cal It 4
across th
iug his own dignity us the benefit uf those who invited him
cess
machine, and in a moment hundreds ^ of nails are showered upon the floor s
hurdles, if, instead of having
We
t his
uf the manufactory. Once it required
beautified by his presence ci pi es were Andrew, Peter, John, Philip
some time to straw. The farmer would take the
and Nathanael ; and it is well lu re- tasted
l. (bee note on ve bridegroom. Called table in sportive banter 10. Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine. He mean Their discipJeship was only a to say tint that is the general cun
few days old, and could hardly have tom.
freely
,	...	....	, guests hive become less sensit it
ed; and it has Uwu suggested that the ,h,.ough indulgence."-Vin ent. Won
sudden increase of lhe number of laterally smaller'*—t hat is, weak y
guests thus brought about accounts for Hr. \ incin* instanced the English ui
the failure of the wine.	kep/"he^g^d^îne unUl nu^ «ft
speech of the governor of the feast i no doubt recorded hy the evangel il as denoting his wonder at the even; not knowing the cause. Hut the word are often applied with a symUilic Marriage fes- meaning of which they are capable, \
member that one of these eyewitnesses the of th.* scene wrote this record, Doubtless they were invited iu honor of Je-
pound the w heat out of the straw ;
sus

Have well drunk. Have drum" "When I hi* palates of tf

been known in Cana before they arriv-
ed instantly.
In olden times that was considered

wv
pressions in au hour ; but now, by our modern steam printing-press thousands and tens of thousands are made
When Dr. M. R. Vincent
3. Wh u they wanted wine the wine failed
¦
they
quotes some early authorities hut no win.*, for the wine of the mar-
ina n
office was formerly a slow affair. Once
nage was consumed
tivuls sometimes lasted a whold week. | l le* gifts of grace bestowed by Chris The mo the i of Jesus with, Many question i and suggestions arise to the thoughttul reader, , Was her interest in the wedding festival caused by her as a beginning of his signs." The turl own relationship to the happy pair, or ing of water into wine was not inert by her anxiety because ol the unex- ly a prodigy, a wonderful thing, I fiected arrival of thd disciples ui her power, it was distinctively a sign, i Sun ? Did she really understand bis m irk of his power and grace and d| divine nature ? Did shd expect a rnir- vine character, and therefore it manl Was she seeking to exercise fested forth his glory. His dis ipli
They believed on him. Literally "helievd
When they saw this mil
tho last m ire precious than the first —(’burton.
11. This beginning of miracles. "Till

the same distance uf time go

In

When I
acle ?
miterbal authority over him i hive no wine. There is no special rea- into him
sun to suppose that the family was acle their faith was greatly strengt poor. Guests in the Oiieni not inf re- ened, Canon West roll aptly says th queiitly contribute to the supplies of the word conveys the idea of the a the entertainment.	solute transference, of trust from on
4. Woman, what have 1 to do with self to another. We do not read, hoi thee? Dr. Chur ton, whom we here foi- ever, o£ any permanent effect upon tf low, translates, " What is it to me and guests, thee V* The request should nave come, he quotes Chrysostom as saying, directly from those who needed help. It is unfortunate that the word of address, " Woman," is in English commonly used in disrespect. Hence the
literal rendering gives a wrung im- his shirts, his accomplishments mul
pression, the original being a word of be ired with women, and the invad affectionate respect. See John 19. 2Ü. I in classic literature the word here translated "woman ”
to Hecuba, and by Augustus to Cleo- |order to keep in the race patra on occasions where not harshness but gentleness was expressed ; and the other occasions when our Lord thus
addressed women were occasions when Claude Duval and his peers tremull his heart was unusually stirred with for their laurels. We have had fe mal pet hoe Hid lender ness, ns, for instance, when he was about to relieve a foreigner’s daughter; when he pitied
and healed her who had suffered long uus tribe of Italian banditti to-day u with infirmity ; when he revealed di- a woman, and there have been other vine truth to the inquirer at Jacob’s Well ; when he refused to condemn the sinner; when he committed his moth-,
er to the care of John; and when he stage one might expact her, but in real
found Mary Magdalene in an agony life she is almost too good to U of tears. For the rest of the sentence our Authorized Version is idiomatic; but it is hardly conceivable that our
Lord should have used this phrase in profession sha is a highwayman. I he
the same sense as the demoniac who | English vocabulary doesn't provide any addressed him, Mark 5. 7. The words, however, translated, are words of gentle and mild reproof. Mary had erred
j « in her anxiety to serve her friends, so highwayman we must call her, re-
j j and it was a premature request to him gurdless of rules of gender to display his power. Mine hour is not yet come. This is not a seasonable lime
for me to work a miracle. " He waited	„ .	.
for a moment chosen by the Father wom,n P°el shouldn't be called poetess, why shouldn’t} a woman ( laude Duval be a highwayman. Her profession comes under the head of the fine
science to l>e developed only the old principles that have come to light and demonstration. 1 was just as much electricity in clouds before Benjamin Franklin played kite with the thunder-storms as there has been since
the
ft
the will come
God, all France wi	.
London prays, England will pray wi ll her. When New York bows at the feet The law of 0f Christ; the l nited States will bow
Save the cltle*, and you stvo

HI SSI AS WOMAN FOOTPAD
Man's supremacy in all fields threatened. IL s bu-inass occupa tiont
gravitation did not waite for New ton with her.
to come. There was just as much th^'™*ldI argue< in behalf a Free
power in steam before Fulton discov- (;buicb< because there are three or four
ered it as since. The carboniferous classes of people that will especially be
Among them will be
MggHHMve ry
but who
ers are likely to set a pace which wil
touched by it men who fluent ial in
111 i lost theii property, matters of religion, if a man comes quently can not meei the pew-rents
and says, "I have now discovered an 1 am not speak.ng of imagi.h i > cases.
entirely new principle in religion;” I l^.^were inf lùentfuTîn the Church say, "I have no faith in what you are of God wbUi having lost their progoing to say. 1 have but one standard, pert y, can #iot meet the pew-rents in
“d	ISSSSE
that 1 wish to evolve and demon- h;ive g0nei Will men of any self-res-
then, with all the possible at- pret go to church under such a state
circumstances? 1 tell you, nay.
1 would stay at children about
is used by Priam	h m set spurs and sit tight it
and Jurassic strata of the earth did not wait to take their position until Hugh
iii-
were once churches,
From Russia comes a story of a wd man who is making the shades o
Miller planted his crow-bar
So,
and conse-
Tb) heat
brigands an 1 desperadoes of i h • must feared and most murder
says,
her; but here is a celebrity u
On the opera boufft
Where the old Tab-
inoth‘r sort
strate,
tent ion of my soul, 1 say,
Hear 1 of
If it were my case,
. . .. .home and gather my
I propose to-night to argue on behalf me UI1(1 read to them of Christ and a of a Free Church. There are a great free heaven, out of which a
¦¦
judges of evil thoughts ?" f~	* * huvp> alwavn with you. II« m.ult
hear 1"
t rue
man is
Her n tine is Barbara Daneria, and bj
better title for h *r, since the makers of t h Imguige didn’t foresee her advent,
If, as
purists insist, a woman writer is an author and nut an authoress, and a
for each successive crisis of his life.” But the Virgin appears to have understood the words as spoken to try her faith.
5. His mother smith unto the servants. We are compelled to believe that Miry felt responsibility for the success of this festival ; else her action was that of officiousness and imperinence. Whatsoever, He saith unto you, do it. "If the holy mother," says Dr. Goliin, "had desired to give the world r. perpetual admonition respecting the Son, che could not have devised c nobler command than this." " Whatsoever "He smith ;” " To you "Do it '—the whole of practica. Christianity is in theoo four little phrases. Let us take them as
word we trust and in whose strength I our r!!jol,<> ,n ^	^ .
w* go forward. The mountains may 6. There were set there six waterpota
sr-s: “ =^-sr«ss I HsraiKs*5£
because th?y were less liable to impurity
minuteness of an eyewitness the manner of the purifying of th* To facilitate the purification customary among the Jews, which th* evangelist's Gentile readers were not familiar
this purifying wa# carried is astonish
a rts
w .........." In other yo have always with you."
words, the apostle James draws a pic- it not merely as a statement, bu as ture. It Is a meeting of Christian peo- prophecy and a promise; and >e i pie ; the usher stands at the door; two does really seem as if, in this respect,
to the door and ask for the Lord God had been thwarted.
There is another f lass of persons to
Barbara is nil that we have loved in th ! notorious Claude. She is dashing and beautiful. She rides like a centaur. She can scallop the edge of a tiny Prussian coin with rifle bullets at any range* within sight. Her manners would grace u court. She avoids • h* shedding of blood, if that is within ihi possibilities, and, like all famous knights of the road, she robs only the rich, and gives with open hand to the poor. She delights in audacious ru;«s m l h is a keen sense of humor and of dramatic effect d meed minuets on moonlight with any of her victims, and she can't, with good effect, offer hmdsnme traveller his freedom in ex <hmge for a kiss, as was the custom with all chivalrous Claudes. In fact, f»hj is handicapped by her sex, on l yet her sex adds to the romance of her story. She weirs masculin! attire, but her voice and her beauty give it th# lie, and I he whole province which sh# h is terrorized rings with reman tic am extravagant praises of this feminim Beau Brocade.
people come seats
>
the recent fashion, and says,	I
here, sir, I’ll give you an excellent glow# things seat, and says, I hope you will be purchase religious advantages nny-comfortable." Then the usher goes where; the positively beggared may hick, sees tha other man, scrutinizes feel so Jiumihated, they will be wiU-him very thoroughly, and says, "Poor ing to go into a mission chapel, Lut coat, worn shoes, old hat. I think you the middle classes have not money will find a very good place to stand in enough to buy positions in the weal-
Now, the lightnings of thy churches, and they are too proud that passage strike such an usher: in to go among the beggared. So they other words, you have no right to or- stay at home. XX hen 1 say the midrange a man's position in the house, of die classes 1 mean those whose income God according to his financial qualifi- just about meets their outgo; and you cations. Do you suppose that the will immediately see that is the con-tabernacle of olden time, the temple, dition of nine hundred and ninety-nine and the synagogue, were ever rented out of every thousand in this city and by worshippers? Oh, no; you tell me in every city. The fact is, God does those were miraculous times. You not trust us with money—1 mean the eay in our times churches are such ex- majority of us. Your son is at school, pensive institutions. XVre want all You do hot give him a large amount this costly machinery. Let me tell of money at the start. You say to
Up to date, she hasn't the turf in the
that corner/
a
up like parchment, the sun may burn down in the socket, and all the worlds fly in the Judgment-day like thistledown in a tempest ; but God will never back out of his promises, and betray his discipleship, and break his oath—Never!
The number six indicates tho HHHHHlfter
Jews
with
I he extreme to which
A Division Court has been estab lis bed at Chelmsford, East Algoma.

###PAGE###3###


I
A THRILLING EXPERIENCE.
Od wit h his fao« buried in the pillowH, | hills there was e rising wreath of
smoke, and a stir ill, discordant ecrean. told I hit the train was coining, just hk the carriage sent for George drew up to its appointed place.
Gently, carefully, tenderly l h' y lifted him out, and set him down in their With quivering lip Mr. Mather told midst ; but no loud cheering rent th the mem ter s of Company H, that their air, no acclamai lens of applause, no-lieu ten i nt was dead ; and at long men I h ng save that dreadful muffled lient, is th y were th y did not deem them- and the soft notes of the fife, telling selves unmanly that they wiped the hig to the passengers leaning from g | tears away, and crowding around their windows, I h it the dead, as well as th
______________(informer anxiously asked for particu- living, hid been their fellow-traveller
j,. Rock Land, Ix c ruse hr husband was lars <>f i h i,	, oirade, all fhe	tie* hearse	’ •'
CHAPTKR Xlll.—Continued.	mechanic. fTbere La more of that «leaking kindly of him, and each rest of the sad story, and with a sigh to
'Annie hud 1 lived. 1 never could	filing among tlie working classes	thinking of the	sweet girl-wife	at home	the memory of the unkown	soldier, ih
haw toiled for you as 1 once	than you imagine, and you don't know	«>n whom the	news would	full	so	passengers resumed their	seats, an
did, for where the right arm, which	h(HV niuch good u familiar word or n	«‘uskmgly. A	soldier's dying	was	no	th“ tr.un sped on its w .y,	leaving th
hits held your light fomi so often used	nttle notice from such as you does to	novel thing in	Washington,	and	*"	Rockland |H-npl^|on^ilh	their dead
to be there is nothing now but a those who fill tho humbler walks «»( aside from Company It, there were few scarred stump and this is why 1 have hfe. Women feel this more than who knew or cared that another soul not written. Dues it make you sick mvIlf and again I hlmss you for the hut gone to the God who gave it-that and shrink away from me 1 Dun t, care promised my Annie. I do not ask m-ith-i victim was added to the list Annie Yoult crippled husband's heart that you should take her to your honu* which shall one day come up with fear-is as full of tenderness now as ever. 1 aH y<>u suggest. You'll think differ- fut blackness lie fore th provokers of too proud ui ni y figure, Annie, and ently of that bye and by, but see that the war. The drums teat just the the thought that you might love me ttjM, does not want ; see that no winter same—the bands played just as mern-ie.ss when you knew how maimed I night shall find her hungry, no win-My, and the busy tide went on as if
was, hurt more than the cold, sharp ter morning cold. Oh, Annie, Annie, t h<* quiet chamber in-street held no
steel, cutting into my throbbing flesh, that you should ever come to this!” stiffened form, once as full of -And now, dear Annie, 1 come to tiro ;t was a bitter, wailing cry, cm- life and hope as the gay troops inurch-hai.iv part of all. 1 know just lmw u,.lying all the mighty love tin- sick mg
you'll start and shudder at what you man had ever felt for his young wife. Hut away to the Northward there on that treacherous water, for we ex deem so cruel a suggestion,—know Gfiorge bad thought himself resigned, was bitter mourning, and many a pt.ct KUrh things then
nigh fainted as 1 thought of the time kwt effort for the mastery, and the young lieutenant, of whom the people * clear day and wrecked, on a cours*	,	A	r	*1
when another’s caresses than mine worn spirit fainted for a time in the were justly proud, lay dead in Wash- as clear as the day, and in the hands of	stateri	ent	•	—
would call the sweet love light to your fierce struggle which ensued. lhe Mngton, and many a heart teat with a pilot that knows the ground like a ,|jcrhtlv troubled with rheumatic nain*
KHEHfEr	£ih «-Br
told you what 1 did. You are young , Annie to his boaom, begging of her in «live with a look upon her white face fores. Such was the case of the pro- ....	, in Morrisburir four
«ml twautiluL, and though you do not	piteous tone# not to love him less	be-	which told better than words of the	|wllpr gUilin	j.;	peck that wn	V(..lrs „„„	, wam,. comoletelv an-
«“SS?	353#%% sfs	“	H eSErusB
era you will plaot above me when next	orw crust, left, I’ll give it all to y< 11,	George, she said, ' and she should stay	"The Captain of	the Susan	E., had	thneurh mv u»Hv in f.rt I hid oauim
your dear little fe«L, for they will l>e	n,y darling. 1 know just whit ly of whit was expected on the mor- in all kinds of weather, and this tun.	1.	/'i?n, / V	t
sa 3 auras» %	~ EHHEElE
discredit me, darling ? It w ill suicly hours, and hours, when we neither ate walk, and know they are bringing one of i he most expert navigators in	V ,	, , f : .	i t
be, and 1 am willing that it should, ,Kxr drank, and the July nun poured George 1 Oh, Mrs. Mather, you'll stay tha lake business. ID* had been lying .	,	„	( • .	f t ’#
but you will never know the uiigmsh down so h tly, drying I he perspiration by me, even if your husband is among u „ 1<mg lime for lhe very good rea- «smy spine se me,I tobe affected. My
as	as sea	„<„....>. «*<•*	- -«•
1 drank it with tears and prayers, and awful day, fighting for the Union. Did She was too much benumbed to realize of his legs that leg had to be ampul at- ... k ,	-,	.	,	*i _ yi. ,	'
now 1 can calmly say to you what I	you hear the battle, Annie—hear	the	anything fully, and she never thought	pd to Mve his	life.	The lost	mem lier	wiloiv ...Rbon He nrescribed for me
aTCgreinssx.iK& «aîBfî» ~ -.........................................................................«...........TT .1 T	CU
nui y 1x3. You can never forget me, it grand the yell the Highlanders at home, and lie so disappointed at not then the pilot was ready to take, his ^ of no avail rHieving mv cm sa 1 know ; never forget your soldier bus	gave, as, with the 69th, they lx>re down	finding her there. Rose could not re-	post at the wheel	again. His first s* r-	tn	jje hopeless I determined to start
band,.who fell in his county's cause,	lottery after battery, and plunged in-	fuse a request so touchingly made, but	vicp af(er his misfortune was this trip	for	my humain Rosedale, hut the jar-
tLTSLVTTJ r-f ! !ir"zzs? KZLÆÆ','	C'ZCZ.t. TS - ",	„...
married life will seem like some far-	:ng their way through shot and shell,	all newssary preparations were made	aground.	trip at	IVterlw.ro’	where i was hid
off dream.	and blood and brains, wading ankle-	for Will's comfort ; then, penning him	"The puzzle to	everybody	was	how	, for	^ree weeks	w hen i finally
"1 cannot say how it would be with le#*p in human gore 1 Hurrah for the a note to tell why she was not there to it was possible for the propeller, h n I-	a herculean effort and reached
me were you taken and 1 left, but I Stars and Stripes, my hoys I Three meet him, she returned again to the led, by a man of such skill and expen- hom<l As mv n,other says. “I looked much like other nu n, and judging cheers for the Federal Flag I Yes, cottage, where Widow Simms was bus- +.nr«, on a straight course, only forty	Mn njfj mflil 0f 90 ÿearfl nf age
from their example 1 should do juni	give uh tjireie	times three; and when	ily at work setting th ngs to rights for	miles lung and wiih every	sailing con-	wh,.n S|1P S.,NV niP struggling with the
as th* y do, s<j if in after years another	it floats again	over all the land, re-	t he expected arrival, her tears falling	dition favorable, to leave	h r course.	,,if| of twn heavy canes to wn'k from
&skb you, as 1 once did, to be his guid- member the soldiers who helped <l*v- ujxm 1 he furniture she was dusting, The, pilot was the most puzzled and as- th» carriage to th- house " \t h me I lug star, don't refuse for me. ihmk	fendit Hurrah, hurrah !”	and her chest heaving with sobs as she	founded person of	all. He soon got an-	received every possible attention and
tlun from my low grave 1 bless you	Mr. Mather shuddered as the wild	heard in the distance the sound of a	other vessel, and	this on 1 he ran in	.,||	)hp treatments that kind friends
m your new relations, and will wel- shout rang through the r om. It gathering crowd, and thought,	such an erratic manner, but, fort un- suggested but I was constantly going
come you to Heaven all the same,	seemed so like	a mockery, that dying	'll may be my boy they’ll go up next	ately, with no disastrous	result, that	from %ad to worse. In January. IPOtT,
though you come fettered and bound	soldier shouting for lilierty, and try-	to meet.”	he was compelled to give	her up and	.,ftor mr,nv months of untold agony,
with other links than those my love	mg in vain to wave aloft his scarred	Poor Annie,	too, shuddered and	his	usefulness as a pilot was gone. He	, determined |0 try Dr Williams' Pink
has thrown around you.	.	"tump. Anon, however, the patriotic	moaned as she	caught the ominous	?in(1	ol hers went to investigating to	pj||a	having read so much in the news-
”1 am almost done now, Annie,	mood was changed, and the voice was	sounds, and knew what they portend-	see if t hey	could	discover whit	was	p.,p„rfl	nf (|ie ^reat	benefits received
There is a gathering film before my	very sad which whispered :	ed.	wrong with	his seamanship.	After a	t,v others from their	use. To make sure
and I feel the death chill creep- Rut hush ! what	sounds	are these,	ft	would lie better to bring him	while they discovered what they believ-	J ,T,.(tin,r (he genuine article T sent
in g through my veins. It would l*>	mingling in the glad	notes	of victory.'	back	(|uietly," .she said. "It set-ms al-	e(1 wns the trouble, in the pilot’s arti-	direct to the Dr Williams’ Medicine Co.
sweet to have you here, as 1 go down	TLs the widow, the orphan, the mother,	most like inocke.y, this parade, which	fjci;li leg a great deal of steel had been	nt rirnrkville for the Pills. After tnk-
the brink up which no traveler has	weeping over the slain I There's	he can never know. 1 may be glad, by	used in the joints and other places. Sit-	incr
ever come ; but it cannot be, and 1	mourning East and West; there’s	and by that they honored him thus,	ting close to the binnacle, as he did	r,rovement in mv condition which gave
will not repine. There is One with	weeping North and South, for the	but it’s so hard now,” and covering	whije sleering, this steel deranged the	' aomP encouragement and T kept on
me whose presence is dearer far than	dead who will return no more ! A	| h-r head with her pillow, Annie wept	compass so that it threw the wheelman	un(i‘, r h.,(î taken twelve boxes, al-
yours could be; One whose everlast-	crushed rebellion is hardly worth the	silen ly as she heard the mou nful beat	Wliy o[f his reckoning and led to the	, hmi,rh |^fnre 1 through with the
mg arm will be beneath me as I pass	fearful price. Oh, Annie, pray for	of the mufflwl drum, and knew the	wn,ng piloting (hit had wrecked the	six(h r poll|d gf, tn \0(\ nnd enjoy a
over Jordan. Leaning on Him 1 need	the poor soldier—every I wd y pray,	march to the depot had commenced.	Susan E. Peck and endangered tha oth-	«ood n,vht’s rest such as T had not
other stay, but shall go fearlessly	Honor our memory-forget our faults How Host wanted to tie in the street	er vesse| thit the wheelman had navi-	^,,np fr,r years f never at any time
down to death. 1 here ls another with	->spenk kindly of us when we are gone	and see h -r husband when became; but	gflted subsequently. This was what	pnioved y^tte- health than T am doing
me, too-an earthly friend, who had	He gave our life for freedom! 'Tia	with heroic self-denial she forced down	, hfiy argued, and to demonstrate the	af nre«ent Since my recovery Î have
been kinder than a brother, and my	all th-it w© can do.	Speak	kindly of	every	longing to be away, and sitting	correct ness of the theory, the pilot	ind' d several friends to take Pink
heart clings to him more fondly than	the soldiers slain!”	down	by Annie, buried herself with	took charge of a vessel without wear-	pi,ls fnr vnrious troul.les, and in each
he can ever guess. Always respect	Reason was struggling Iwck again;	counting off th**	minutes and wonder-	ing	his f;ljse iPg. Everything worked	CASP (	hnve effected cures.
William Mather, Annie, for what he	and bending lower, Mr. Mather said:	ing if the clock	would ever point to	to a	charm. The. mystery of the Susan	The	above is ft voluntary and correct
Lus been to me. Pray that prosperity George, we will honor the soldiers half-past ten, or the train ever ar- E Peck was wolved and the pilot was statement of the facte of mv case and I may attend him all hia days, and that ead, and care* for the soldiers living ’ rive.	restored to his old place in the confid- t rust that many others may by reading
at the last he may find a plaoe m Ilea- \es, yes! George answered, faint- There was a great crowd out that enr* of Lake Erie skippers and vessel this rprPiVP the blessing ‘that T have, ven. He is thinking of these things, ly.	I hey need it so much— morn ng to meet the returning soldier,
I know, and from the dreary hours	more than the people guess who	and George's dream of what might be
spent with me there may yet spring	stay at home and read alwut the	when he came back again was more
up plants of everlasting growth.	war. It will l>e long, and the	thin realized. «There were men and
"My mind begins to wander, darl-	contest terrible. The North is strong,	carriages upon the street, and groups
There’s a rushing sound in my	and t he South determined, and both	of women at the corners, while the
«jars, while thoughts of you and will fight like fiends. Rut right must lit 1 le. boys ran up and down. Rut in	. .	c„,__ ia n
thoughts of that terrible Sabbath bat- conquer at last, and the Star Spangled the teat of the muffled drum there was 1 he mflngle use 1 ,n v a on .	‘
tie are blended together. Good-bye, Banner shall wave again ev*n over a tone wh ch made the hearts of those stout plank, about 7 feet long raised my precious one. Don t cry too much misguided Charleston, whose sons and who heard it overflow with tears, as ta a height of 2 feet upon rough-
Ahen you read this. It is not good- daughters shall weep for joy as they they remembered what that dirge-like . Q , The	of the plank ia lington. "nightmares come singly. And
s«r%. t	“-^ **• bss BrJAirs .««»¦	7™
Muss to me and then we meet again, Mr. Mat her could only press the hand f if h there was a badge of mourning, the floor to a height of 5 feet, with me	y	v	^	gL ^	¦¦
where golden harps axe ringing. 1 can which lay again in his. He could not and in the notes he trilled a mournful three great beiins running across it,
almost hear them now—almost seethe speak, for he knew there was a third cadence far different from the patriotic .	. , fastened together with go, and th n as they scurry away we
shining throngs sent out to meet me, presence now in the sick-room—that 8t rains he played as a farewell to *	‘	.	...	forget whit it was all about almost as
just as 1 once vainly dreamed the its dark form was shading the ted Auckland soldiers, going forth to bate PW*. Upon the plank are laid two g	soun(1 of thplr
Rockland people would come to wel- whereon he sat, and with that feeling Ge, with hojies so sanguine of success, rollers and on these rests a half log s m 8
come me home from war. In fancy I of awe death always inspires, he sat One of that youthful band was coming 0f wood ;ust fitting between the sides hrxifs. That's one good ^ h ng a x>ut
-,,82	-- 7“«Ja-s
my bosom ; in fancy kiss your girlish when William Mather would be the dy- bright dreams of the glory he would on its under suifo.ee, round-new n woo* quickly fades
lips, and smooth your pale brown hair, ing one instead of George Graham, win, and the laurels he would wear, above, and is provided at each end Rut the other night I inn a very ”1 don’t know how you’ll live with- Slowly t ho marble pallor and the j wk n once again he trod the streets wpk three pegs, which serve as curious expei i**nce. Before one mgnt-out me ; don’t know who will earn strange chill crept on, pinching the %% home. Not as a conquering hero, ,	..	inure that was scampering across t lie
your bread, but the God of the widow nose, contracting the lips, touching with the crown of fame on his brow, "rin< 6 *	.	field of my unconscious consciousness
and fatherless will surely care for my * he forehead and moistening the soft though the crown indeed was won, and I he ironer, when ready to legin, h id got oui of the way another darling and keep her heart from break- brown hair which William smoothed wh^ie the golden light of Heaven takes a sheet for instance, winds it along. I hit did wake me up, qu iy, With him I leave you, knowing caressingly, as he tent down to catch yh-nes from the everlasting hills, he *i*rhtly around one of the rollers, and but the iwo together I* ft n > more ^rth«r#th«.^wb#r..	W.,
"We fought the battle bravely. Tell	tribute of respect his	friends fain	outside.	1 hen lifting one en< of th
them not to be discouraged because of	woUld bestow upon him,	awakened no	log and	placing the roller under it;
one defeat. Our cause is just. ’Twill	th ill in his cold, pulseless heart. Still	ghe works the weight to and fro, untriumph at the last. Don't he too bit-	(hoy felt that all honor was due to the
ter toward the South ; there are kind	dead, and so they had come up to meet	.
hearts there as well as here, and its	him, a greater throng than any of	smoothed away. Then the rest is n	am
daughters weep as sadly as any at the	whioh he had dreamed when ambition	moved, folded, and put away and tho	it.
North. God help and pity them all. hu ned within his bosom. There was neIt "ironing”—perhaps another she t understand it.”
Annie darling, I am almost home; so	a carriage waiting, too,	just as he	or three	or four towels, or half a doz-
ne.ir thit I can see the pearly gates	hoped there might be; a	carriage sent	en handkerchiefn—substituted. The ....
which stand open night and day. It expressly for him, but the children on | second roller acts merely to balance the qujred his wire	I
it not hard to die—no pain, no anguish tkP sidewalk shrunk away and ceased |0g, although two ironers can work the "Why you can put guaea spnerea now—nothing but joy nnd gladness	,heir noisy clamor as it went by, its	machine, one at each end.	and	gau.ly	fabnes	all	ovei	a	1 brtst m	a
nnd everlasting rest, rest—perfect rest	sombre appearance somewhat relieved	The woman who irons is as pictures-	tree	six	feet	high	ana	lour	xeet	inicK
for the redeemed.”	by the gay coloring of the Stars and que as her tools when she wears the for seventy-five cents, when it costs
Gripes laid reverently upon it.	peasant costume. Her sh es are flat 818 to trim a bonnet four inches In
Drearily lhe November wind went Slowly up (he street the long procès- and heellesa; she tvia no etmkings bui diameter.'	_	________
Af.1 s.'s?4, s1 as; M'S-Æ'âi.t s sraatMCKS»
whilst the misty daylight came strug- beat upon the pavements, and dashed ing a space of two inches or^8° ^re I •-
a a,vK,.i„h‘..Tx rr
lhe one cold, and white, and still, bis U[K.n the gloomy scene, made ten times skin jacket is o rna men ted w, th palrhes You dot
EHHHïvF^	rfiwtâSL - Jsiwwsx :r
* LOVE AND WARN “
praying that when hie time should
conic, he, too, might die the death of i righteous, and go where George hid gone.
A STORY TOLD BY A WELL-KNOWN SALVATION ARMY CAPTAIN.
CHAPTER XIV
Ml* Body Burked From Heed lo Fool WI1B Khrcnnnllr mid \rumlgle Twin* Wweld Prefer Dmlh I# I ml ergo In g Surh Suffering ignis.
From the Host, Lindway, Ont.
A STORY OF SLAVERY DAYS. By MARY J. HOLMES.

th«

It in the lot of but a limited number of people to enjoy the confidence of such an exceedingly large circle of friends and comrades mm docs Capt. John A. Itroken hir««, who was recently interviewed by #i Post reporter at the home of hia |*ar# n la at i timed a le a pretty hamlet aim a ted at the, head of UaLsain river in Victoria county, where the elder Mr. Brokenshire, who has reached the I hree~.se,ore years and ten, Ivus held the position of loi kmasler for the |xiMt twenty two years. Capt.
fïrok n hire, th subject of f h s article, i t 3t y ars of age, i« well known and highly rv>i>ect <1 throughout many of I the leading cities and towns of Ontario, where, during his seven years ‘ service in .Salvation Army work he Erie during the gales that are common | has come in contact wit h a large nu niter of i* opis. He hm# been stationsd
it Toronto, Montreal, Peterboro, Ottawa, MorrLsburg and minor places, and at one time warn a in inter of a
string tend
To Be Continued
A LAKE PILOT'S LEO.
W ILS
How II Solved llir	of I lie Wreck t
Ihe Sien ni rrop- llrr Sii'oui F, Peck,
"We are never amazed when vessel
go aground and are wrec ked on Lak
aaid a lake
The Brokenahire's T had teen
come
mg






i



Mill

eyes,
two boxes T noticed n slight im-
no
'tTABpijje un A5fT>mpynoA\y	;j
to the above facts at any time.
CURIOUS THINGS, DREAMS.
HOW DONE IN SLAVONIA
ing
Hr. tioMlIngloii Visited by a Tandem Team
of SltrMnwre*.
"As a general th ng,"' said Mr. G os-
ai most sure to wake up before they
are
as
mg
you are "Good-bye, good-bye.”
There were great tear blots upon this letter, for Mr. Mather, as he penned it, had wept like a child, forming a resolution which he wondered had not suggested itself before. Kneeling by the dying George, he said, "God will ¦ for your darling, and I shall be
So long as I have a
Rose’s
COULDN'T UNDERSTAND IT
Of course," he said, reflectively, *T
til the wrinkles are all presumably
)
not making any complaint about All I desire to say is that I can't
care
His instrument home, Annie shall not suffer lov« has be°n given her long ago and mine will follow soon. She shall be
a sister to us both."
The glazed eyes lighted up with joy, and the white lips whispered the thanks which ended in a prayer for blessings on one who had proved himself so kind
to the poor soldier.
"Come closer t? me," they said ; "take niy hand in yours and keep it there while I thank you for what you've been
You'll forgive me, I know,
You can't understand what ?" in-
PROGRESSIVE PEACE
We have good times at our house
to me
that I ever thought you proud, for l dil, and sometimes there was a bitter feeling in my heart when Rose surrounded with every luxury, find thought of Annie, as highly educe tod. as she, taking a far lower place
w your


###PAGE###4###





tfbe equity. Logs tor Sawing
and Shinglowooi
>i Wanted.
BARCA NS
SHAWVILLE, JAN. 12, 1899.
THANKFUL.
The Ontario Legislature is expected to meet the first week of
February.
Wo beg to return our very best thanks to our many friends for their patronage during the year just closed, and assure them that we shall spare no efforts to merit their confidence and support in future, as we know that in studying their interests wo advance our own.
Wishing all our friends a very happy
The undersigned are prepared to saw or buy any quantity of Sawlogs and Shinglewood, delivered at any of their three saw mills, at Hodgina Brothers’, Hamilton’s, or at what is known the Armstrong mill.
The poet master-general is contemplating the issue of a four cent stamp, which will be convenient under the penny postage system that the three cent issue will be entirely used up in a month.
Mr. Mulock expects
As promised we give a small list of our Bargains for this week
A
The Hardy government has dismissed Gilligan, the crown lands agent who took an active part in distributing jhe whiskey flasks in Nipissiug, ae shown* at the election trial when the constituency was re-opened, deserves his fate, in the Hardy government's noble army of official heelers should be sucti a bungler of the business of debauching const it -
to got caught in doing an easy
N > wonder Mr.
one
as
Men's Deerskin Moccasins $1.00
do 75
HODCINS BROS.,
Wo think Oliligan well The idea that an officer
do
North Clarendon.
and prosperous new year,
do Mitts 75 A few Prints at 5c per yard. Checked Flannelettes 5c. per yard. Shirting Cloth 20 cents per yard. A few Overcoats, and Three Dress Lengths—
House for Sale.
J. H. SHAW.
ueticies as
assignment like' that IHHHÜPJ
1 j a i dy is righteously indignant and make* an example of Gilliigan. Wo can imagine the honest ire that vibrated the stentor
thv Littlo Thunder when he
“ Cassio Gil
SgSSSS
For part eu.arsapn.ytOAHMrtTRoNo
Dec. 27, ISM.	Bbawvllle
lan tones as
declaimed, Othello-like;	,
liga»! be uo longer officer of mine! A hits poor Gilligant*' .-Ottawa Citizen.
War is said to be likely between Sweden and Norway.
Lumber
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.
The chief* of tho L beral pirty, including Sir Wi frid Liu tier, H m. Mr. Marchand, Finance Minister Fielding, Hon. Mr. Tine, Sir Henry Joly, Hon. S. Fisher, and others discussed politics and other in liters before the Club Nations1, Montreal, on Tuesday night. Tht re large attendance of the rank and fi e of Liberalism.
The Premier said a great many nice things in his usual nice w, y, but his prin-theme was the Senate, which, lie
fyAT COST.
Edward Farrar, who has been watching the sittings of the International Commission at Washington, gives it as his that it is not possible for the
Sawing.
opinion
Canadians to get an acceptable treaty from tho United States.
Be sure and see our . . Goods
For the greater convenience of my customers, in addition to my Storehouse at Bristol, I have erected two new Store houses—one at McKee's and the other at Wyman's— and am prepared to buy all hinds of good, clean Grain, for which I will pay the highest price the market will allow.
was
The? e does not seem to be any doubt that the majority of the Filipinos object to being ruled by tho l ulted States. There does not seem to be any doubt, either, that their objection will not pro vent their being ruled by the \ mted Stater. The grave in which the Monroe doctrine was buried is big enough to h id part of the principles in the Declaration of Independence.
The undersigned desires to inform the public that he has rented Ralph Honours & Sons' Sawing Plant, at the Shawville Brick and Tile Yard, and also that it is thoroughly equipped for sawing purposes.
I am prepared to do all kinds
of Custom Sawing during the Winter months.
a
ci pai
complained had interfered with tho carrying out of several items of his pro gramme since assuming tho Govenmei t
0	the co ju ry—not ah y tho Drummond County and the Yuk«»n railway deal»*, both of which, we need scarcely lemark, have boon denounced throughout the country as jobs of the rankest kind Wilfrid outlined a plan for informing the Senate—not abolishing it—(he is opposed to that) -but reforming it in such a way that its power shall bo limited; for example, if tho two Houses of Parliament should come into conflict on any question
1	f importance, Sir Wilfrid proposes that a joint vote of both Houses be taken, and the question be decided by a majority « f both.
Hon. Mr. Fielding made a statement
on the financial condition of the country,	...	,	. .. » tirk ora;n
a, d then Mr. Tmte had a %" at ins eue Erast us W imam has bobbed up again,
inies-wi'hin and xvidvut tho camp, and i.. hi. interview m the Louden Da’y But to hiui must be given credit for hav Nuwa says the auiiuxation of Canada to itig male the moat business like statement he l nited Saies is now impossible, a no that was uttered during the evening. Mr. commercial union improhah.e, "Wi o Tarte was as usual discussing money mat- the close relations and increas*'» • tera, and having rvfcrrtd to the improvi- between this country and (»rt ments in Montreal harbor, said that “ as The utterance is interesting, for the Georgian Bay Canal, he would fc-c anything in the character ,f..J to its completion which would bring Mm - | mail who made it, hut as tr al 450 miles nmrer the west and take by the framer of the Liberal party s Policy the soul out of BuffVo.”	f ^ tiro years that it faned, and, being
derstooJ, is use ras. Mr. W iman is on record, under oath, ns declaring his belief that commercial union would lead to the annexation of Canada to the Lnited would build geobgian canal if he had 1 State*, and it wsssiioh soiiexsti he had
iiis way.	Iii vix-w when he made Laurier a» d Osrt
w i 1 a :. » I 1 > ivies, ik* Witooll to ad — M titical G.izzotte.
# e e#
HOD OINS & SONS.
B.
The wisdom of Mr. McCorkill, M. L. C , in taking a permanent seat in the second chamber when the chance offered, has been furthe r iliu&tiated in tho Missisqu«u recount proceedings, which has reduced the Liberals' legal maj ri'y to 13 I ne mination for the Legislative Assembly which Mr. McCorkill handed to Dr Colton was *ho nearest thing to a political gold htick that has been heard of since the Federal electors picked out Sir ft id L turicr us an economist.—Montreal Gazette.
Si «
Satisfaction guaranteed to all
customers at 82 50 per 1000 feet or logs taken in exchange.
u»>
seat
JOHN J. MCCLEARY,
SHAWVILLB.
E. GRAHAM
Wil-

El inside, Oct. 17th. 18i»8.
BUSINESS
CHANCE.
SELLING
RANTED
nde
OUT.
AT ONCE.
.> flam.
not fr* m
y of the 3 r «cognition
flio undersigned desire to inform the people of Hhawvllle and surrounding country that they have bought out the Tlmmnlthlng Business and Stock of Mr. I1ARHY PERRY, In Shawvllle. and that they Intend carrying on the ha me In the old stand—opposite the Russell House. Ry strict attention to business and square dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patron-
ANY QUANTITY OF
S&wlogs and
Shingle W ood
I intend going out of the Grocery and Confectionery business and will sell everything in that
department at Cost price and under, until all is disposed of. I won’t give prices this week, bus come stove fcunisbinos,
along and we will satisfy you that it is a genuine sale and no humbug.
u: I
LZr. Tarïe IZas 21% Notions.
T
Elliot! & Balk’s 111
Hon. Mr. Tarte leaves in a few day | vu tee it with the harbor commissioners of M-j*.* | treal on a tour of inspection of the ui-jrt important Un t d States porta.
uii. Taiie ia grappling hard with the question of til a. oration. In l ia sp t in Montreal ou Tuesday night ho at a id | it has rkaviied Manila that negotiations wore going on between the government and the Grand Trunk f r a route between Cnllingwood and Toronto so as to bring the upper lakes in di
the G T. It
age
THE STOCK COMPRISES A NICK LINE C-F
COOKING. BOX AND PARLOUR
SHAWVILLB.
Tùo U- S. Pro:lanutlm to tho Philippine Natives.
-STOVES-
o
As we expect to commence running on or before the 10th of December we are now prepared to take any quantity of logs and shingle wood.
---o----
Thanking our customers for past pat rouage we hope by giving good satisfaction to merit a continuance of the same.
AND HAS BEEN
ISSUED THROUGHOUT THE ISLANDS.
Manila, Philippine Islands, Jan. 5.— President McKinley’s proclamation to i he Filipinos cabled to M a j Gen. Otis from Washington, hiu just been issued here.
ect communication over with tho Intercolonial railway and maritime «.aboard.
The minister < ublicnork says that hi would recommend the farther deepening I	the proclamation.
if the Toronto aid Colling wood harbem Washington, Jan. 5.— The text of the if tin*. G and Tiunk instead of carrying instructions sent by the United States
Poitlat.d wot Id take it to | government to G jnvral Otis to bj proclaimed iu the Philippines has been given out.
—of all kinds satisfactorily done, at
moderate prices.
J. G. McGUIRE.
GEO. ¥. DALE. GOBI A. DALE.
P. T.—-Tnt Highest Cash price paid for Hides and Pelts.
Shan ville, N ir. 15,1398.
P. S. —All accounts not settled by the 1st January will be handed in for collection.
ELLIOTT i BABBLE-
its trade *.•«
M - i • \ I and deliver to i ho oc i steam
us in the summer lime.
Mr Tarte s idea is to mult j Montreal the	Cai.au	H I
in Montreal in which to store tho grain, i,ig of tho peace trvaty, that the con the same as at Buffalo, he says, thv.ro is I tml' and government of the Philip no# reason why this should not be done, have passed into thu hands of the l wired In winter the Eue canal is closed and States, and that the military government the trade goes by the railways to the heretofore maintained in Manila, is to bo sea i osrd. The Intercolonial railway tx onded at once to the whole of the l^ht to be able to handle a large part of ceded territory tho traffic from Montre 1 which now finds [ It states that the United States do not its way by Amène:»h r .u'vs.	c<>me At conquerors, but as friends to
Aa a result of proper harbor improve protect the natives. The munic'pal law.-mente Mr. Tarte gives Kingston as an il wherever possible will be continued and lustration. He sent a drudge there and all parts in the Islands will bo open to had the harbor deepened. Now two ad- the c-unmerce of friendly nations. 1 he ditional elevatoxs were built at Kingston proclamation ends as follows:— and 15,000,000 buehels » f gram weie “ Finally, it should bathe earneat and handled th/rc. The department gava paramount aid of the military ad minim proved fucil ties to the Parry Sound at istration# to win the confidence, respect Coteau and about 15,000,000 bushels of and affection of the inhabitants of the grain are now handled at that point.	Philippines by assuring thorn in every
P Mr. Tarte is surprise J at the statement posai bl* way that full measure of in* w hich came from Toronto that the gov- dividual rights and libe rties which is the ernmctét vas eide tracking that city by heritage of free peoples, and by pn -reoogiiiz ng the Pa:ly Sound road. Idu ing to them that tho mi s on of the did not bvUvve in this Trade w ou d Ui ited State* is fine of bmevolunt a«sim fiuw iu its natural channel and there was ilatimi, substituting the m i l sway enough fur both routes. ** li I had justice and tight fur arbitrary rule. In n y "way,” s id Mr. Tarte, 64 I wou'd the fulfilment of this high mission, sup bvi d he Georgian Bay Cat aland I woj d parting the temp • ate administrât o » of have traffic arrange mehte with ths P. 8. affairs for the grimiest good of the govern in connect on with the Intercolonai and I »d, there must be sedulously maintain! d would likx to see the Collirg-sood and Tor-1 the strong arm of aa hority, to repress onto r utn straigh cned out. Wi h the disturbance and overcome all obstac es improved ent of » u • water at d rad com to the bestowal of bleating* and good stable muuicatian and the proper equipment of government upon the people of the the harbor at Montreal theie is no lion 1 Philippine Islands under the free flag of itation to the possibilities of development the United State*.	„
in the Canadian carrying trade.”	41 (Signed.) William McK’nley.
!
ARMS FOR THE
It poin‘s out flint as a result of the With vit vat. r« I victorua of American arms and the sign
?
KLONDIKE
&SÏkr
NEW
GOODS
??
no
Furniture Furniture, Furniture
good quality and of all styles at
Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.1
NEW
GOODS
vs
5

OU
s
>

V
I am now receiving and
passing into stock a complete range
r A
h) X
•
vV
-
of
3

O ¦»
FALL GOODS
I
/ t.
a;

CK>. iw^\rv '<
fit Consider ~1f von run k*ep the wet out A1
Y	of your rifle it will not rutfnotfree*e. Only y
} Marlin Repeaters jl
y hare Solid Topa, ehmldlns water like *	? i
duck's back. < fu r 197-paoioook (lust out) JJ tells all stwut them, up-to-date Infor- C|| I. mstlon about powders,black and smoko- .
?	1**m; proper sixes, quantities, how to L
/ load : hundreds of nullwta, lean, allowed,
V	i
m OSS*-.uli«'b^oVe^S^'ihSpablli )
For Prices ou MA RUN», (any
calibre) oonauit	I
YOUR NEAREST DEALER
<>
OF ALL LINES
y
To which I wielt to call the attention of
my customer* and the public generally.
The goods have been selected with great caro and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intending purchasers.
of
?
JAMES M°ARTHUR
J
SHAW VILLE.
SILAS YOUNG,
CS^. Starke’s Comers.
??
?




-1:
###PAGE###5###
• 0
TENDERS WANTED.
COUNTY SALE OF LANDS FOR TAXES
TRNDKR8 will be received bythe under.
January the Wlh, Into, for a Lily Cheese Factory for
s'gncd up to Ch" w maker for the
Henson of l«W t imes* maker will be required to furnleli everything necessary to manufacture cheese lo wel<h and keep an accurate account of the milk ; to weigh and box the cheese, leaving It reedy for shipment; to furnish all homes required, and muke all ret class article that will command full market prices.
Tenders will also be received for position of Secretary, whose duties will be to make the monthly returns for the patrons, to keep all (the accounts and do all the other work usually pertaining to that office.
The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
I
Province de Quebec,
Bureau du Conseil Municipal du Comté de Pontiac JE DONNE AVIS par le présent que le» terres ci après décrites
chain, à DIX heures de l’avant-midi, pour cotisations et frais men tionés sur les differents lots et parties de lot* ci-après décrites, à moins que les dites cotisations ne me soient payées avec les frais encourus avant le jour fixe pour la vente.
Province of Quebec,	)
Office of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac. /
• I HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that the lands hereinafter mentioned will be sold by public auction at the Council Hall in the Village of Bryson, on WEDNESDAY, the FIRST day of MARCH next, at TEN o’clock in the forenoon, for the assessments and costs due to the municipalities hereinafter mentioned, upon the several lots or parts of lots hereinafter described, unless the same be paid to me with costs before the afore mentioned day of sale.
E.H0D0IN8,
Pres. Lily Cheese Co
Hhawvllle, Jan. 189M
SUITS
SUITS
SUITS
~>
Taxes Mu nicipales.
Municipal
Taxes.
Taxes
d'écoles
Nom sur le Role
IUng
Nom de Municijwilité
Etendu
Costs
Lot
Total
School
Taxes.
Name on Assessment Roll
Range
Name of Munici|»ality
Extent
F rais
SUITS
SUITS
SUITS
Part-partie,—18 Part—partie— 23
28, 29
2
Holland, Joseph........
McGuire, Moses.........
Neville, Christopher.... Lnuzon, Olivier........
Bryson, Hon. George...
Stephens, Charles......
Rni, Isael.............
Hoi, Joseph............
Iwfclleur, Charles.....
I^afleur, Camit.........
Dodd, James............
Grace, J J , (Absentee)
Craig, Thomas..........
R< >ss, William........
Cooney, Thomas.......
Calumet Island
25
3.55
8.60
5.05
3
do
23
38.80
4.15
43.04
5
do
50
2.63
4.83
2.20
5
do
117
3.18
744
4.20
Rocher
Fendu
Island.
3, 4
do
200
4.80
4.80
A It E AWAY DOWN LOW
IN PRICE FOR THE NEXT
l
23a and 24 a
Township of Leslie
100
10.15
10 15
23
4
do
100
58
do
1.22
64
15b
A
1.74
do
50
do
1.74
5
37 b
do
50
do
1.00
1.86
2.85
6
35
do
1(H)
do
8.23
12.73 28.03 14.91 42.65
4.50
N W- N 0
S W—8 o
8 W—8 () J 2.......
n w-noà in....;	............
s VV-804 u.......;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
3 village lots situate on Main street south side and hounded in front or north side by Main street, on east and south by land of .fames Hodgins and west side by land of J. R. Horner.—3 lot de village situé an Coté sud de la Rue Main, lb nneé au Nord par la Rue Main et est et sud par le terre de .fames llodgins et au coté ouest par le terre do ,f. R H
l
v3
Township of Bristol
50
5.00
Thirty Days.
23.63
1
i
do
do
73
6.80
8.05
4
do
do
12.87
1(H)
29.78
7
do
do
100
1.70
3.02
1.32
»
!
9
do
do
100
6.80
15.05
8.25
Save money by securing a suit while the low rate lasts—
9.94 only thirty day it.
Elliott, Thomas
Village of Shawville
9.94
G. FRAME.
rnur
1
Crawford, Robert.........
Donaldson, Milton........
Egan, II. K..............
Hudgins, Stewart.........
Hudgins, Alex. Thomas. ..
Hudgins, Win. John.......
Hudgins, Robert E........
Hivüan, John........	.
Loger, Richard...........
Rutledge, Thomas.........
Rooney, John..........
Sparling, Henry..........
Smith, Albert............
Stevens, Leeson..........
Vandusky, John...........
Scott, F. W..............
Scott. F. W..............
Scott, F. W..............
Scott, F. W..............
Scott, F. W..............
Gibbons, Mrs. Thomas.... James Misheaud...........
William Lipkie, Blacksmith
Marten, Stewart Moore, James..
Kennedy, Georg James McC. Ifi héritier do ..
Garland, J. M..
imv, W R .
Joyce, Thomas, Estate of—Etat
de...........................
Doyle, Widow—veuve—Owen...
Donnell, Thomas.............
Gorman, Thomas................
Kavanagh, Edward, Estate of—
Etat de.... T...............
Cunningham, Peter.............
Toner. James
66
Township of Thome
SEE HERE !
100
6.60
21.20
15.00
6.60
• #
4
W —0 As 8 and 9 Part partie 16.. 39, 40............
do
do
122
21.20
205j
do
do
15.00
Farmers, look to Your Interests and get your Cattle Dehorned.
2
do
do
100
4.00
4.00
2
K 10 and 11
do
do
82
7.50
7.50
1
9
do
do
100
4.10
4 10
1
Frt 10 and 11.. Part —partie 14, 15
12...............
N K Am F and G.......
Parta— partie 45, 46, 47 35, :ut..............
Mr. W. .1 Starke, the cattle buyer, says i,« y hh* woi lh from 5 to 10 per jent more i' I, rn««l t Iihh otherwise. L *st week L. lb I > » via dehorned 88 bead and last year Sd Ik ad for him.
The operation only cohIr ten cents r^r b-ad and may save i be lives of your cat! is b'slde* the great advantage and comfort it h(1' >rds In ht abil g them up.
d<
100
do
4.50
4.50

K
do
100
do
6.15
6.16
1
do
85
21.30
11.30 22.62 12.34
20.30 11.86 30.28
21.30
11.30 22.02 12.34
20.30 11.86 30.28
1.20
2.85
5.40
1.50
io ;
8.05 25.86
do
I
118
do
do
4
150
do
do
W
175
do
do
2
12
104
do
do
L. D. DAVIS,
W
43, 44
200
do
do
3
1
»
219
do
do
—
shawvlllî:.
Dec 27, 1H98
3
S part—partiu 13.....
N part—partie nord 13
50
1.20
Hi >uth < )nalow
3
6
2.85
do
READY
TM v. i. t? ït- à
3
14
127
5.40
do
20c
4
1.50
do
4
5
108
15a
10.75 8.05 17.86
do
6
31,
107
do
8.00
12
200
18, 19............................
1, 3, 3 north side Main.—Coté nord
run Main............................
2, W S—coté ouest Clarendon...........
2, 2, E K— coté est Clarendon.......
35, 36............................
S | 5 a...........................
S Ah 2 and 3......................
Ill,, 11c.........................
13»...............................
Township of Sheen.......
Village of De.s Joachims in the township of Alienleen
Village of BrvMon ......
do do ...............
Township of Aldfield....
Township of Onslow......
{
9.27
20.77
11.50
10.55
26.33
22.22 - 81 2.20
2.00
11.67
10.48
ci
N i ENDING "ITKVIlASK xrt will find me now in re dn<*>s forth'* approacliiLg Winter trade with a Irg etnvk of
I
200
25
1.95
4
e
ugh, heirs of—
2.00
50
10
m

8.35
8.35
200
7
do
do
7.00
7.00
100
I
13
do
d
4.80
4.80
100
9
do
do
Cot up in the latest and most stylish tie signs suit! built.
An inspection of the#»e ilrst-clas» Uigs U respectfully invited.
4.00
4.00
ICO
10
13a
do
do
7.15
7.15
50
3h
8
O
do
do
2.40
2.40
100
lib
12
do
do
Township of Litchfield
2.10
2.10
100
F A 23....
N NV-N O J 17.
F *25...
Part— jwirtie !..
SEA 10...
Il—arriéré A 2.. N W—N 0"4 23 8*9............
37, 38
8
As usual I am prepared to execute all orders for
1.40
1.40
100
6
do
do
2.10
2.10
100
8
do
do
heretié:
Taylor, John, Heirs of
8.30
i
8.30
Sleeps, Sleighs, 5vc.,
2
do
do
20.10 7.36 7.06
20.10
100
5
McCormick, Stephen...
Pat tison, Arthur M...
Ebert, Andrew..........
Frost, Samuel.........
Anderson, William.....
Laparge, Robert A......
Dauncy, Euclade........
Lnganaie, Tanaise.....
Bryson, Hon. George, sr Burribic, Alexander....
Hudson, Charles........
Me nicks, Samuel S.....
Morricks, Samuel S.....
Davidson, William......
Johnston, James........
Hennessey ,• J aines W.... Hennessey, James W,.,.
Curry, Thomas..........
Curry, Thomas..........
I.' soi, Jacob.........
iarc l JÊÊ/jÊÊÈÊË Wallace, Henry... Armitage, Williutn Bailey, Andrew.. Caldwell, Slack....
Clark, John......
Gaboury, F.......
Greer, John......
Greenshields, John
Harris, James
Horner, Ralph....
do
do
>r anything in connec t u with the Blackdtni thing Lu
7.36
100
7
do
do
7.06
100
10
iO?tS
do
do
2.36
2.36
50
1
Township of Mansfield
ARTHUR SMILEY,
10.00
3.50
6.50
100
54
2
do
dc
9.50
4.25
200
5.25
3
do
do
6.16
2.50
1.00
100
5.16
SHIM VILLE. QlIfL
25
4
do
do
1.00
100
1.50
48
5
do
do
11.65
6.00
100
5.65
11
6
do
Shaw ville
Sash and Boer Factory.
M Creiie ft Hofigins, Projristors.
do
3.25
1.75 8.37
1.50
100
12
6
do
do
26.57 42.15 42.15
7.70
10.50 17.00 17.00
K0
8
6
Township of Pontefract
13.96
13.96
11.20
11.20
200
29, 30........
8, 9, 10, Il
A
tlo
do
200
4
do
do
7.90
6.70
2.14
100
12
5
do
do
4.92
3.70
1.22
100
10
3
do
do
1.25
1.25
100
A
7
4, 5
4
do
do
1.25
1.25
100
Doors. Moulding*, Blinds, etc.,
Hathen ma nu fact a ed to order
0
do
do
5 74 5.23 15.95 3.69 7.30 7.93 2-1.10 25.41 13.33 60.65 42.44
5.74
100
5
do
do
5.23
AH kind» of Matching and Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
50
F* 4
7
do
do
200
h
13
Township of Clarendon
50
N VV^-N O A of—de N K A 27.
NE* 93...............
N W—N <> A of- do S W—8 O * 12 * & N f: A of-de 8 E * 11.
S W-S O A 21............
12
Alexander
do
do
100
8
do
do
50
Ml
7
do

do
150
NE

7
i
do
do
100
7
%
do
do
50
N E A of-S W-S 0*24.
NE As 19* 20, 21, 22 fc 23 M. I
8 W-S O 4 18 & 8 E * 19...........
( X W—NO * 7 & N W-N O A of—de
(SE* 7	¦¦¦¦
7
do
do
500

1
do
do
200
13
do
Mm Facile Jiacln Bj.
do
64.82 17.93 65.12
150
8
do
do
200
1
11
do
o
do
SE * 15.
S W-S O A 15 ( N E * 25, N WJ OJ27&SE* of SE *27..
SEA 25 N W-N 0 A 25 N W—N 0 * 24 3...................
NE*e7&8.............
s, ?^"os ,°»r	8 w-à
10*81
(!A
200
Official Time Table
do
do

NO* of—de 8 W—S -de SW—SO *28 A
25.10
Aylmer tBrcckenriégc fKardley Parker’s Crossing t* Mohrs Quyon Wy man's tTan* Bristol McKee’s Hhawville Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ? Tank
Î* Vinton
Cou longe •Mellon’s Waltham
Arrive 9 45 ••	9 21
300
3.45 Leave

McLean, Neil
do
do
tt ou
9.06
«S
6.12
10.92
100
8.58
II
6.18
y
12
Robiard, John.... Robiard, J acob... Sheffield, Elisha.. Smith, William, sr
Stanley, George-.. Ralph, John B...,
do
7.04
8 5#
do
II
6 2d
100
*4
8 4<>
12
44
34.45 23.95
do
6.37
do
100
44
8*2
6.47
1
do
do
••
K14
200
• «
6.S6
9
44
8.08
do
do
4-58
36.47
802
• «
260

7 0»
7M
do
64
7.26
do
7.31
44
7.4)
22.09
7.18
44
150
8.00
2
7.10
44
do
do
*«
8 08
7.06
«<
8.12
«•
6.54
••
8.30
• «
6 39
8.47
Leave 6.30
8.56 Arrive
WILLIAM G. LeROY,
•nag Station. tTank. rFlag Station.
Secretary-Treasurer, County of Pontiac. Secretaire-Tresorier, Comté de Pontiac.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer
Bryson, 5th January, 1899. Bryson, 5 Janvier, 1899.

P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL 8UPSNNTINDBXT












###PAGE###6###
J
J
»

\
FROM THE NILE.
NOTES
FaAlen, of Cavjiiiut, had b' pay f'nom and owl* amounting to |J36.
On Saturday laat, the final nhi voient
of pressed hops wna made from the
Coldatream ranch, near Vernon, H.C.
This waM*Vs output from Lord Alx\r-
(toen’a estate consisted of seven cur». Amounting in ail to about 4(i tons. Of tluvw two oars were sent to the Ei»g-LLsh market, the remainder being disposed of in IXironb1 and Montreal.
crops should grow clover and will do it if properly managed lions that concern the farmer most where* the seed should be sown
I he ques
MINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
POST OFFICE TO BE ESTA BUSH ED AT FASHODA.
ue,
ihe amount per acre aiul the time to XVhen the season is favorable
INTERESTING ITEMS ABOUT OUR
OWN COUNTRY.
Ile ihf t'apll»! tlly ®f ih ümilHrmAn !• FalUay
klinrhmm l«
*vtt l'rotliirr
sow
throughout there is no trouble to get clover to grow, whether sown oupy the land uloue seeded to small grain, or ou pasture
2nd Edition .
COOKING FOOD FOli 9TCQK.
Among the questions which the stock keeper has to facet each successive winter. says London Farm and Home, is that which' deals with the preparation of the food for his animals during the cold weather, when they cannot their stomachs without his assistance. In the case of ordinary stores It* may perhaps be .stated with perfect truth that they will render thi mselves flfrt hey hive nothing more to feed upon than good grass in the summer and autumn, and the hay from
lulu inr»»j.
An Egyptian ccrresp
Daily Chronicle writes from
to oe-la ml
indent of the
Gathered from Various Points from tbs
Atlantic to the Pacific.
Stratford ha* a cord wood famine. Galt is to have a new G. T. It. Station.
sown on
London Cairo as follows
fields already sodded with grasses. These latter are doubt leas benefited by a growth of, clover, as it will sup-tho needed nitrogen that his been
exhausted i-y them
Land that is seeded to clover alone
should b(N the most certain to give a catch because it can be given a belter preparation aiul tho covering ot * he seed lie assured. It is a growing feeling with farmers that the seed should
be well covered
certain I v accomplished by some sur fact
working Implement land previously sow if to small grain the farmer should catch a time for sowing when the surface is opened with frost, or by the wind quickly drying it. Wt\ hardly know which is preferable of theat conditions if found
At any ruio if
and ouo of the we would
FEMININE SOLDlkRS.
of Fnehoda has gen
Vhe evacuation
iiaidered a foregone con In fact, the postnI eu
«rally hevn (
elusion here (hnriti.* treated the grant question at
nvalier fashion, for
In view of the recent account in the English newspapers, of the remarkable adventures of Ihivid James Lincoln Garfield McKinley, otherwise Miss
fill
p*y
Cascade City, H C, has n Board of Trade.
Carnhrook, port of entry
liratford spout ^145,000 in struts and sewers.
Appin creamery produces 400 pounds of butter a day.
Wood has been s-lling at $7 a cord at Sault Ste Marie.
The new Sun Life building at Ottawa ojwned on Monday.
John Fisher, a well known citizen of Woodstock, N. It., is dead.
Mica is reported to be plentiful in Cardiff towiudiip, lialiburton.
A branch of the Bank of Halifax Kus In1 vn <*|>vuod at tua ml l'orks, B. C.
Dr. Hanna, fuinwrly of Sarnia, ia practicing at Kingston, Cal.
Niagara, B.C., Ls to have a telephone system and an electric light plant.
Seven hundred operators are employed at the Muiuinorency Cotton
MU Is.
The lngvrsoll Packing Company
killed an<l dressed 19,403 hugs in No-vemebr.
lVtosland's Aldermen have voted down a motion lo give themselves a salary.
There are 1,300 Knights of Pythias British Columbia, and the order is
surface growers

B. C„ may be made a
issue in n very it was decidcl tn erect a post-office at
Fas hod a more than a week ago. P*>st-offires are also to he established at Sennar, on the Blue Nile, and at Sobst, Ndow Faahoda, where the Sirdar placed
Doubtless we shall soon see
Amelia Vella, who served two voyages
a ship's comp my
good account of
as a "boy" among before disclosing her sex, it may be interesting to recall several such notable
this can he most
\\ hen sown on
instances of women serving as seamen.
First of all, in regard to Miss Vella, it may be remarked that she is only sixteen years of age, and was born in America. With her dark complexion and black hair and eyes, and manner of walking, she has all the appearance of being a rather slightly formed boy when dressed in jacket and trousers.
Only last year there was a plucky instance given of a woman performing the duties of a seaman being suspected. The go id ship Haww kesdale was about to sail for Australia
grass of the same quality ini he winter. Here, however, two or three questions arise which affect the best use of slock
First, would
a garrison post-offices dotted all over the Rnhr-
el-Ohasal district. If
this is not a upat ion. what is f
was
foods very considerably the uverago stock keeper lake ordinary
oec
The Government are attempting to
boasts as i y pica l specimens ui
store
farm stockt Would he not bo disposed to vMsh for something w hich did a lit lie more for its keep than merely live and growf Secondly, as we cannot always ensure a sufiicient growth of grass in the summer to provide fur ihe wants of the summer and the following winter, is it not desirable lopiovide substitutes
solve the problem of 1 he administrative organization of tlie Soudan. Ilya difficult question is being worked out
The im|>ortnnoe and dif-
ul the proper stage it was time to sow, conditions presented it self not wait for thq other with the feel-that the* one we did noUhave was
Sometimes we
very slowly fieulties of these deliberations are eXi-
ng
i ho better of the two | ¦¦	¦
find a farmer that thinks the ideal time to sow is | when t ho surface is muddy enough (for each seed to stick where iti falls. We feel that' sowing at such a time invites failure. This for the hay which Tu such seasons is spring seed will be cheaper than, for
too valuable to use with the freedom | years and on account of this, more
should be sown than ever; not only a
greater area* but in most cases a more ciuuily plentiful tU b* had foil the liberal amount to the acre, Scores of asking# Thirdly/ is it nut thq fact, as farmers have# failed to be successful
clover growers because they have ed in the «amount of seed sown. Success is generally had & by sowing a
when their food is given them in a bushel of dean, good seed to five or ten Ln specialty-prepared form—that is to say, acres. X et we believe that a more lib- giving.
cooked in older to make the mass mure eruJ twe(lint( wuu}d\ in m,l.ny	aild hi Victoria counti y there are two	.
^rne. TT.™ laU ’ freJze.	Public «ehool	who have taught bund. 'Jhe, were Loth in love with ^ ^	RO doing. But the
direct to the animals from ihe stack# the early sowing dt is safer and cheap -1 years.	such	o hi, but not » mg lnnm «	°	Q|(j inducement» are things of the past.
For the purpose of this article we or to resow th;in to have a poor stand. American sportsmen left $5,000 in marry in England they had resolved to surreptitious baksheesh and undergiven lo vaille, when, in years ot heavy Ihe let <of April is ofu-n advisable, trwt.	<-oluml>lfl- '» luuat0<1 ut , ever, they h .d taken the bo.d omiseuf ^	from his beloved country,
yolalu yields, it has been found more	Vun down ' iialph Willard, one of the pioneer.	.t Hp2ir gr^ secret The other me.hod of .he Khedive, was
rrr;;	,—-- -¦ *“* • t ssssr^ w	i - —- - * —~	- r, ccz:	,l,
market them in the ordinary way.	. Alfred lia lea, of Guelph, owns two :C“*le	;n the Vear INK) ^uMonal possessions It is l°^s,h|l®
Some will go still further, and advise KEEP UP CONDITION OF EWES. bears, which were captured in the the^allant crew of Ilia Majesty's ship	time^we shafl, perhaps, have
that ordinary roots—swedes uud man- Far too fvw flock masters commence north this fall.	! Act aeon were laughing over a sonic- a Ivgu|;ir African Civil Service after
gels—shall bo boiled, but it may be early enough to give the ewe flock the Cascade City and Crauhrook, new what similar case to lbat “	the Indian model but it will not be
mmmmmwÊsEmrnwM
Hgn t* thH food lhe time arrives, in first-class condi- ed court reporter for the Kosaland and to the m.uk Ike jolly British tars. The wonderful enthusiasm which Eng, lv uatun \ br animais boon lie tion* und‘ ful1 ot vigor and health. Nelson division, 11. C.	When	the "boy want ashore she mok Ijind liaB shown during the late crisis
recognized y 11	is \V of the slightest use to endeavor Airs. He il ley, relict of the late l ran- who worked her passage from New Qf Central Africa in a rational and coin-
¦eiBHIBE**
the steam, and others ut a more ap- goes on, will often be found to be far tho 1 . M. C. A. of that city.	field. probably have made the
pet iziug nature may be introduced by le8a cosily and certain 1) moi e ad van- lhe Lindsay, llobcaygeon and Pcnty- undiscovered but* for an un-
g* eüinæimsp
mm ëEïsmmm
supervision of the master.	ophite Deer Park, has had its day, *>»« ‘days'"wUW “bring
aud another two months will find the waB generally given up fof lost. She place practically deserted. The mer- eventually turned up, however, at New chants are selling out their stocks at York in tow of the British steamer low cost and ore leaving town.	Kasbek, and a most remarkable story
Geo. H. Adams of Peter boro,' will be was told a delegate to the Railroad Trainmen's had passed the Equal or in thu Pacific
¦¦	o-*"»» *¦ 'amusa sntsrznsz
ed, while others were so ill that thy were unable to properly navigate the vessel
short. When the Kasbek fell in, with her the only able mariner abroad was Mrs. Reed, the captain's wife, who had been at the helm eight hours without fo>d or drink, keeping the ship before the gale.
now
The Egyptian Government has indigenous traditions to go upon. The complete misrule and inefficiency of the wretched officials of 1 urkish and
without
ornions
no
fiom an English provincial port, when two young men wore shipped us urdin- Egyptian origin, who were «ent t<> gov-
On arrival at the Anti- ern the Soudan are mat tereof history.
creature of such nb-
ary seamen
podes they asked for and received their The Egyptian « discharge and disappeared, the cap- normal domesticity tbat no young tain being then unaware that one of | tive of respectable position and education would ever be induced to go to
customary when it is almost suffi
na-
musi slock keepers can testify
the two was a woman It appeared thaï the woman's name the Soudan unless he was well assured
was Nancy Clifford, and that her com- (|Vit extraordinary
her deceased sister's hun-
certain animals do better in every way
PEC UNIARY AI ) V A N T AG ES
panion was
appetizing than it would be if brought
In the meantime the great trans-continental line is being passed on. The War Office has .made an application for a grant of £300,000 for the construction of the Attars, and Khartoum portion of the line. The application has yet to come before the Council of Ministers, but, of course, no difficulty will he raised. The great bridge which is to span the Nile near its confluence with the Atbnra is being made in England. Meanwhile the rails are to lie laid in a few days’ time on the left tank. The railway battalion are hard at work already, but tbey are unable to proceed with this part of the line so rapidly as they did when laying the portion from Wady Haifa to the At-tara. There they had plenty of material at hand. Now everything has first to reach the Atbnra, and then to be ferried across the Nile in barges. Owing to the difficulty and delay occasioned by this tedious transport the line will probably not be quite ready for traffic until another eight or nine month*.	i
I have advisedly said Khartoum and not Omdurman, because by the time the railway comes in sight of the confluence of the White and Blue Niles, Omdurman will probably have ceased to exist. An officer in the Egyptian Army, who was there a few days ago, told me that the place is rapidly falling to pieces. Numbers of the inhabitants, who had leen gathered there from every part of the Soudan against their will, have now dispersed to their homes, and their abandoned dwellings are being gradually destroyed. The dismantled forts will soon he pulled down. As Omdurman is falling into decay Khartoum is increasing in importance. A Government House and other public edifices are to be built without delay. The War Office has applied for a grant of £2#),000 for this purpose. The Sirdar is reported to have prepared the plans for the future capital of the Soudan before he left Egypt.
th ) autumn for what they would fetch# Did fpace permit, numbeiless instances mighi be brought forward to prove the value of cooked foods for cattle sometimes sheep; and the gain is most apparent when the natural foods are either most scarce or inferior in qua 1-
and
A DINNER IN CHINA.
The ooles of pigeons’ feet, a delicacy of the table, will recall the fabled fricassee of humming birds' tongues of
the Roman Emperor, feature of a banquet given by a millionaire of
Pekin, China, to a coterie of British
merchants.
A correspondent writes of the feast: —"The dinner lasted for three hours. There was no stiffness in the feast, it being quite courteous, after you had taken the birds' nest soups and the shark fins, to toy with chopsticks, affect an appetite, and smoke in direct, profuse British fashion, while the attendants stood over you waving peacock fans.
"You begin with cake, with apricot kernels, and watermelon seeds washed in salt for a relish ; then came a group of courses; ham garnished with bamboo sprouts, smoked duck and cucumbers, picked chicken, shrimps, with leeks, spiced sausage with celery, fish
with firtree cones, and sweet pickle, After this came peaches in honey, pomegranates, water chestnuts, fresh thorn apples and honey gold cake.
"In my list of the seventy courses I notice that we were proffered birds’ nest soup, roast duck, shark fins, mushrooms with pigeon eggs, baked white pigeons, lotus seeds, ham in honey, a fat duck, perch, sweetmeats, the stomachs of fat fish, pears in whale sinews, soles of pigeon feet, lotus seed soup, sliced flag bulbs, salted shrimps, prune juice and almonds with bean curd."
h y
Soon after the F. Oakes
SOWING CLOVER SEED
One of the most encouraging fea-
3 he Pet.\irboro' Board of Health
urges the Board of Education of that
town to have the school children vaccinated.
J. H. Brown, Indian River, shipped f>,500 turkeys, 2,(XX) geese, 1,000 chicken* and 700 ducks to the North-west recently.
The stage running between the Regina mine and Rat Portage went
through the ice five times one day last week.
F. A. Mann, on his removal from
the Heap, 1er branch of the Merchants'
Bank to Watford, was banquet ted by the citizens of Hespeler.
Vernon Smith, son of Town Treasurer Smith, Port Hope, is a member
of the Sixth United States Regiment, de hilled for duty in the Philippines.
Samuel Chase, who came to British
Columbia in the gold rush of 1859, died
at the Royal Columbia Hospital, Westminster, on Tuesday. He was 78 years of age.	,
The clerk who prevented the robbery
in the Bank of British North America
at Vancouver, BC , has been promoted, as well as presented with a gift of money.
The Scott Act, Is being vigorously enforced in Nova Scotia. Perry Simms, of Inglewood, was committed to jail for a violation of the act
tures relating to farming is the fact tnat the clover area is constantly in-
The increased area adver-
Iheir provisions, too, ran
creasing
tises its value, which will tend toward
a continued and constant increase. Its profitable growth forces a system of rotation on the .farm. If grown to secure the best ^results the grower must adopt a regular system of rotation. Clover is, with «us, the most important crop we Ran grow, and will doubtless be so considered by all grain and stock growers when they come to fully understand its value. In farm operations the sowing of clover seed, to make a success of it, is a most im-
With this seed, as
i
TO CLEAN JEWELLERY.
Gold jewelry may be cleaned by washing it in a lather of warm soapsuds. to wh ich a few drops of sal volatile have been added brilliance, and the articles should then bv dried with a soft cloth and rubbed with a chamois leather.
Silver jewelry should also be washed in a lii tie warm, soapy water. It may then be polished with a very little of
the best whitening or hartshorn powder and finished off with a soft leather
filigee work do not require a powder to be used; they should be brushed with a small brush and soapy water, dried carefully and rubbed with a soft leather.
After gold jewelry has been cleaned it should be placed in a bag of boxwood sawdust, to be procured from a jeweler's; shake and rub the ornaments thoroughly in the dust, and they will look beautifully bright and clean when taken out necklets may lie treated in this way.
This imparts
i
portant factor well as* all others, there is at time to
Moon
sow and la time not to sow signs cut no figure at all, for when they are analyzed and boiled down
Maltese silver ornaments of
they are contradictory; yet some men, otherwise intelligent, swear and work by them
farm methods will, in B short time, learn the ifrest ill me to sow on his own farm, that is if he is a persistent clover grower sows once# in fivu or ten yearsj he will conclude that clover is a very uncertain and unprofitable crop
i
AT IT AGAIN.
Mrs. Flobleigh -N >, indeed! I would n't allow my Husband to employ a woman typewriter under any circumstances.
Mrs. Sarsfie’d—Oh, I don't blame you. As for me, of course, I don't care. Being young and lieautiful myself, [ have no fear that my husband's love will get away from me.
The diligent student of
If he only
ey
•III!
Chains and
Any
Michael Mo-

11
? V .
- f
10
###PAGE###7###

FORCE OF HABIT.
Mr. Squidds—That pretty Mrs. De Broker u«ed to ba Mr. De Broker’s typewriter before «he married him, didn't «he ?
Mrs. Squid de—Um—what was it you said f"
Mr. 8 — I asked if Mrs. De Broker wasn't formerly Mr De B a 1 y pc w r i t-
Mrs. 8.—I'm sure I don't know. Why do you think so I
Mr. 8 —She has a habit of listening to him when he speaks.
Good Living
CANADA'S NEW COLONISTS
Imitation t.ïja.SSR.
Don’t buy something
fhe Hnlrll Wreell
Wholesome Food. Healthy Appetite, Perfect Digestion,
LUDELLA
WrrilIM I»
The Spirit 'Wrestlers of Russia, the sect opposed to all war, have not wrestled in vnin, says the London Daily News. The Czar has listened to their cry for exemption from slaying their fellow-creatures,
i them permission to leave Russia. It is OHS muio proof of the perfect sln-
Some
con -To I -
When you are buying TEA.
LEAD PACKkCCI-
25, 30, 40 80 & 60o.
Ceylon
Theme constitute the foundation for health and happiness. Without good appetite and g<i*wI digestion, all the I usuries of wealth and plenty are of
little worth. Huod'a Sarsaparilla croates an appetite, tones and strengthens the stomach and gives it power to digest food. It has brought happiness to many a home by curing dyspepsia. It U constantly curing stomach Ir, u-Mss, and to tired, discouraged and suffering men and worn n it Is giving the physical V'gtur and vitality which are necessary for the best success in life.
cr
the duty of
50 Given Away Free Last Week
an I hua
r*
given
eerily of his j»olicy of peaoe. thousands are to Vas personally ducted to Canada by Count Serge ¦toi, eon of I ha great writer, and at the of lh-3 Society of Friends. The
intercessor for
HAMILTON PROVES
and probably more than that number will be given this week. Remember we are giving < free only 500 Graphophones in all for the % purpose of introducing our medicines Ek. throughout this country.
B6§!rv These are the latest Improved Edison Talking Me-
chines fit for concert hall as well as parlor, giving
comic, sacred and seew-I orchestras, most noted singers, pianists, violinists, reciters and orators If you want one of these machines you will write a letter enclosing this advertisement
k	British Chemist# Co.
That Dodd's Kidney Pills Cure
Brights Disease.

ex &*' nse Do wager-Em press was
Mood’s Sarsaparilla
influence is the
them, nnd her gain in loan of M. Pobedonoatseff, the famous
Procurator of the Holy Synod.
This burning zealot is for a aboit
and as the
Thongh all Other Wean* Fall-Mr. C. K.
Allivni* Case Show* the Trnth of the Claim Thai Dodd't Khlnry Kill* are She
Only Care for this Disease*
liamilloo, Jun. 9.—Une of the most popular of Hamilton's hotel clerks, is Mr. C. E. Ai kens, of the Commercial Hotel.
Mr. A ike ns' duties are on tous and heavy throughout the year, and a man who was not possessed of more than ordinary shrewdness and capability could not possibly fill his position.
This Ixing the case, it will be readily understood that Mr. Aikens very heavily handicapped wh n, three years ago, he was attacked by Hright'fl Disease—a diseas• which many physicians claim is incurable.
Mr. Aikens found a cure, however.
And so important does he rightly deem his recovery, that he has giv«-n the following statement regarding it, for publication, in th* hope that other sufferers from Bright's Disease will l>e rescued.
"I could get no relief, no matter what I used, nor which of our doctors
treated me. I had suffered, w,lh .	_ ,	-,
bright's Disease, for two years, and UOITlinlOn LlfiO blO&ITISnipS
had tried many remedies and wasted M.utrtsl sud guebeo to Liverpool in iummer Lkfg m ">y doll-r. in myendeavorstore-
gun my health. XV hen I was advised Superior eocommodatlon inr Klret Cabin, 8ec to try Dodd's Kidney Pills, I had no ond Cabin and btaerage pa^anger*. I tale# o expectation of receiving any benefit I
from them.	steamer non berth. For alt Information apply
"1 tried them, however, and soon i^cai Agents, or David Tohhahc* k, Co., had reason to lie thankful that 1 did. | Genl Agent*. 17 tit.Sacrament tit.. Montreal
Before 1 had taken a dozen doses 1 felt a change for the better, and the improvement continued steadily until now I am as strong and healthy as Six boxes of Dodd's Kidney Pills
Ik Canari*'* Orentrwt Medicine
1 rire |l
Prepared by C. 1. II od & Co., Lowell, Maas.
you all the latest songs ( lar) greatest bands and
3

w
Hood’s PillsaTthM:Cwift:
way with all sectarians titundists, in particular, know to their coal, he cun make their lives a burden
A WISE DOCTOR
&

Fuller—Dr. Nomad told Tibby i hat drugs would not help his complaint, and recommended outdoor exercise on n wheel os being the heat thing for him.
Toronto, Can,
the
to them. His feelings on seeing meek Doukhoboilsi withdrawn fiom his clutches may I*) better imagined
Hut he has speedily lost power under the pres« nt Czar, though the prophecy that he would In* the first to disappear in the n w reign
has yet to le fulfilled.
Th- Czar is evidently for letting down gently all round, and the Uuuk-hotxjitsi will not mind the Procurator wh*n once they get on the safe side of thj North-West frontier. I hey are a sort of Peculiar People of ItusMa who are under the abaolute dominion of u text. Their text tells them not ' to kill, and as thy are perfectly ready to be killed for their obedience to it, they have finally won the immunities of most other conscientious objectors. It is, in fact, non-resist a not to the death. Count Urn Tolstoi is notoriously of their way of thinking. He is said to have learned it all from a peasant who never raised a hand against any
fellow creature ing home one night when he met a thief who was marching off with a sack of corn from his hut. "My friend,* he aid, touching him on the shoulder, "There was another sack behind the door." The first one was restored.


Free
N*
thin described
Duller—Tho I)oc. is simple to throw business away like that.
Fuller—Oh, I don't know ; he charg s double rates for surgical visits.
was
some

A Maryland widow his secured
$5,0(10 damages ^mm the man who
shot and killed h husband. The murderer was found guiliy of manslaughter.

ïü:
SALVATION TO SUFFEILEUS FROM
CATARRH.
All thosw Buffering from Catarrh, Bronchitis, Irritable Throat, and who wish for an absolute cure, send to the undersigned for sample bottle of th'-ir famous preparation and inhaler, pre-paid. It is neither a snuff nor a wash, nor an ointment, but a pleasant remedy which is carried by atmospheric air to every part of the throat, lungs and nasal passages and fully warranted to cure. Address. N. C. Poison & Co., Kingston. Ont.
Preparations are already going forward for the celebration of the two
hundredth anniversary of the founding of Detroit, which will be held in 1901.
O
»
SB

't
S
The peasant was go-

m
s
M
O

E
r

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS
EPPS'S
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
COCOA
eve r
did this for me "
Dodd's Kidney Pills, the only unfail-:ig cure for Bright’s Disease, are sold by all druggists at fifty cents a box ;
boxes $2.50 or sent, on receipt of pi ice, by The Dodds Medicine Co., Limited, Toronto.
Hundreds
HOW LOUD IS A SOUND
9t these Closets aro now In use. They are
Am luhlrnmeel that llemoa strate» There 1#
no alienees
six
Absolutely Odorless.
There is no such thing as silence. What man calls silence includes all below the limit at which the
Deafness Cannot be Cured
by I oral applications as they cannot reach the d treated portion of the oar. There le only one way to cure deafness, and that Is by coiwtitu-t on.tl remedies. Deafnere Is caused by an inflamed c« ndltlon of tho niuom lining of the Kustachlan Tube. When this tube in Infl mod % ou have a rumbling h und or Imperfect hetr-nz. aud when it is entirely closed, Deafness is i he result, and unless the inflammation can be t «ken out and this tube restored tilts normal
hearing will be destroy nine cases out of ten arc vanned by Catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces.
We will give One Hundred Dollars for any vase of I) afness (cau-ed by catarrh) that cannot be cured by Hall’s Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars ; free.
K. J. CHKNKY 8l COL, Toleio. O So’d by Druggists. 75c,
Hall’s Family Pille are the best.
BREAKFAST—SUPPER
Fire only required once in two weeks-For circuler write to
noises
burntn ear will register sound silence is really full of sounds that
Stammerers
but
¦can and will talk 11 they will come and
liatreeelo^ habit
THE ODORLESS CREMBORY CLOSET GO
_______MBPS®
CHILDREN, and also Rears meet sfully la-fonts whose Alimente and Debility have restated all other tiea'roente. It digest* when all other Food le rejected, eaves 60 times its rest la medicine.
«SSSiw
pass unnoticed.
This interesting fact has just been revealed by tin instrument invented by Professor A. G. Wel>ster, of Clark l o-iversity, to photograph sound.
The device can photograph any sound from the roar of an explosion to the nuise made by a draught of air
Hamilton, Ont.
ed forever
condition
Manufacturera of Shoe Cases, Office. Store, Bank end Hotel Future*. Jewel era . Druggists . and all kind» of Iut« il.-r F.ttmge. British Plate Mtrrore, âo 191 23 Alice St. Toronto.
| FREE BOOKLET.
GUIDE TO HEALTH.
I. Pamphlet* and Samplei of Material of our Steel Frame
Niagara Vapor Bath
eui ply. Lists mailed free on application.
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
ENGLAND.
passing through n
The machine consista of a set of moveable mirrors und prisms which net in conjunction with a diaphragm.
The slightest sound will cause this
On the inner
room
;
sent to any address on receipt of stamp.
Thermometer Attachment and Vaporizer Complete.
Agents Wanted for Beet Beilis# Bath in America.

Among the new post-offices in the
United States are 18 named for Dewey,
5 for Schley, 4 for Sigsbee and Shatter and three for Sampson.
rxU BARKY and Co. (Limited), 77 Regent-U street, London. W., also lu Paris 14 Rne de Caetlgllone, and at all Grocers, Chemists, and Stores everywhere. In tint *#.,
{m&RTH RI VALBNti*B1SCÜ1 T9, In Una
*
The Niagara vapor Both go.
diaphragm to vibrate side of the diaphragm is attached a small circular mirror weighing a
MANCHESTER
very
fraction of a gram.
When a sound, however alight, ters the resonator or receiver of the instrument, the diaphragm, and consequently the small mirror, vibrate backward and forward, and a small beam of light is sent careering about among
"L other mirrors and the prisms, and TORONTO CUTTING SCHOOL
is made finally to resolve itself into a Write for special termn during Januay and •scries of colored fringes.	| February. B. CORRIGAN, 113 Yonge 8t.
These fringes are projected through ol slits in a screen, until by
37 Yonge St., Toronto
FOR SALE K-glne, one henry duty, high Kpeed, Arming!on & S mine pattern. automatic cut-otf engine, cylinder 19" diamoter. stroke 30", 6" steam connection ; this engine Is capable of 2f0 horse power at 120 revolutions per minute ; this engine is in good working order and has been replaced by a he ivier engine of greater capacity. For further partiru'are apply The Gutta I’ercha and Rubber Mfg. Co., of Toronto. Limited, 61-63 Front Su west. Toronio.
!»
en-
I
Hill
Baker’s Adjustable Bedside Table
4
Designed Especially for Home C imfort
W P C 953

sry*
r.tr
y
# Ie
e e #
Ne Hospital or Sanitarium is complete without them. Thousands In use
Universally indorsed and highly recommended by the Medical Profession. Frame of table is constructed of Steel Tubing, finished either in Black or white Knarnel. Nickel or Antique Copper Plate Leaf is of Selected Oak nicely polished. Can be used over bed, lounge, chair, etc A household article of great merit and utility. Descriptive circular and price list sent free upon application. Correspondence Invited.
The W. B. CAMPBELL CO..
General Agents for Canady,
Toronto, ont
' >'

v*
at once to
:r.T
ts /
* i
; •

For Sale SSiMI
$1,000 and upwards, on eastern shore of Maryland. Bend for description. #. P. WOODCOCK A C., SALISBURY, Wicomico Co., MO.
A,
a series __s ijb .	..	.
the time the light reaches the photographic pinte, it takes the form of a waving line.	.	. .
; ssis»
persons at once

>
[
I

%
* <•
•v.

i4*
Central
A TREASURE TO EVERY MEMBfcR OF EVERY FAMILY
•• if every man having a family of growing children could . . . THE . . . reoli*e the value of this Dictionary he would not be long without it. It in worth more than fine clothe*, jewelery. high hr-FUNK & WAGNALLS in/, or Hummer outing», and tends to Improve and ennoble the
character, and make* better citizen» of every i arson who studies ii.”-Milwaukee Sentinrl
It a Complete %	** .
“U i» he most complété and satisfactory Dictionary yet printed. —N.
rngK Authority
' " The high authority of the Standard Dictionary ta one of its most
TMEM:"fcMI%KNT AUTH0BITIE5.
ll. e.
Speech Impediments
I treats é. Ose eu 11 a qualified sraotltiouer
suc esaafully
•THATFOND, ONT.
OoMBserslal 8ohe->l in the Promises : enter m rue free,	W. J. ELLIOTT, PHecipeL
A MILLION POUND NOTE
i
Standard
Dictionary
Illustrations,
#:o
II Was Issued by I he Bunk of England and
Its Date Is
For the first time in many years the
public has been permitted to nee in Bookbinding, ) Send /our magasines, hare them nleelp the note library of the Bank of Eng- *•»«£«. lan.l the only one million pound Bank
of Kngland note ever iaaued.	B	U 11 M Min. MMh. « H.U..
The million pound note is a remark- ¦	Barrl«tors,eto..removed
able und mysterious bill. Its history *BH#% WW monVauV1.1^rônu>C.b
is not known, and even the date of its	____
issu, is a mystery, as either much dr- IF'	"
culation or voracious moths has been	tin
responsible for the absence of big slices The Bftweei) Commission Ce., LUtyteo, of this unique slip of paper. It is	Ymwrmwm.*®-
ror guiu, cto. Write for price»
INERALS TESTED
M
Superior M-pMom Four Dollars
Complete. To be had only from N. ROBERTS, 31 Queen 8L K.. Toron o Send atamu for circular and «ample of cloth before buying elsewhere.
LU
MILTON HEREBY, R A. 8c., le BL Sacrament 8L, Montreal. Qma.
DECEIVED HIOHE>1
x
0
Ir
n
Hon. E. J
~üb
QTAMMERERS.
Only leeMtuttou to Canada for th# «ore nt fl ^ every phase of speesk defect EsUbhehed
J&ï mW™.

rnrr I For a Few Hour r nLL I Work.

L COFFEE & CO.,
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
known that it was issued between the years 1782 and 1807, as it bears the name of Mr. Ab. Newland, who was during that time governor of the Bank of Kngland, but the purpose of its issue is still a secret. In the left-hand corner is written, “No. L* It was
The highest denomination of Bank of England notes now obtainable to £1,000.
roLf*Êu«rSdoMHp^',o	æsïê?
RE4IIRED, yoe roe me risk. Vint* and we forward the buttons, postpaid, and our prae list, which contain» many articles besides those shown here, such as Magic Lanterns, Tool Sets, Work Boxes, Manicure Sets, Motors, Printing Presses, Fountain Pens, Sterling bih er and Gold Bold Ring for 2 dox. Jewellery, etc., etc.
Sell the Buttons, return our money, and we send your premiums promptly and FREE OF ALL THAMES. Liberal t omrolsslon If Preferred Oer Boy’s Watch Is of American make, handsome, durable and reliable.
Oar Lady a Watch is • Httie gem,
Swiss made, dainty and accurate. The
Metallic Telephone Tablet Æ »
$1.30.
The OFFICE SPECIALTY MFC.C0.
LIMITED»
Toronto and Newmarket, Ont.
Jot
Price

TORONTO. OUT.
the first and the last
Is


X ^zn// /JuAts a*£, ÿrriis
a

ITS NAME IS LEGION.
••The Penistone, Stockbridge. Hoy-land and Capeltown Express/* and *#Wadsl?y, Ecclesfteld, Oughti bridge, Deepcer and Thurtotone Advertiser" of the 19th August last, in their reporte of the Penistone Show speak of the exhibit of swards brought from fields partly dressed with Alberts’ Thomas-Phosphate Powder as ths most interestingly attractive! thing on the show grounds, and the dressed portions showed an astonishing development of clovers. against ill-developed plants on the undressed portions.
r
¦peak for themeslres. War Cameras art of latest model,
2% m»x r,L.
Unsold Buttons	IWHentlen this paper when writing and the
R.turnabl.	P-*-LlVW BüttOII CO.
/
AiUs /MAst <?/u/cA{y'
TORONTO ONT.
With Batter* ^compléta for s« f-Inj 6 dox.
froa, wtth a handtom* Chain and Charm, for tiling 2 dox
A1 Daltg Air Rffo
j 300 rotted*
_ ammunition, or pair Bahtr a Beat HocUag Skat a* with 8c rate* frag for polling 2j dox
With «vary Watch wt send a WRITTEN GUARANTEE to Repair or Replaça. Good for one year
with
s/dsruiô aim*/.

###PAGE###8###
7
*


? %




y
/
i

;
TOU 'WANT OLOTHINa.
WE WANT MONEY....
Let Us Arbitrate.
5
the c. F. HODGINS
*)

fc
Q)
Let us talk business. We have a whole lot of Twoim s in stock now which should have been sold long ago. *lt‘ mild and uncertain weather has been against us, and ue
didn’t sell nearly what we should have.
You need warm clothing. The winter is here in earnest. You need the clothing note. Let’s see what we can do toi our mutual benefit. We ll cut prices as they never were cut
before and have
.. DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
H. S. Bowls Column
¦ ¦
/
THANKSGIVING
V
THE LEADING HOUSE "

At the close of our most successful year we cordially thank our numerous customers for their patronage. Our stock for ’99 will be kept up to the highest standard and we solicit your custom for the coming year.
? •4
A Genuine Holiday Sale
LASTING ONE WEEK ONLY,
In fli«‘enormous business done by
-	The Lending -
-	- - Hou*e — -
Ih in always having*the right ooons at the RIGHT TIMS and at the RIGHT
prives. Our customer* know t liât thvy can always j<e» just what they want here. • The Fall and Winter aeamnn of
us behind the maik. Every department is now tilled with only the beat goods desirable for a Canadian winter—Comfortable Furs. Comfortable Clothing Comfortable I tedding, etc., etc , and the price* are as near right as the combined efforts of ready money and years of experience can possibly make them.
The Secret of Success t "
JAM'Altl Illi.
( IMnil NOM. 8AT1 RIMY.
Thru you can get the clothing you need, and well get the cash we need, and also get rid <>f the balance of our wintei
%of itS ; ' - ^ U P'city .a .kW, but .bore are carry out vour part of ihe bargain	!	l,n™ :
o
January Clearing Cash Sale.
t
no culls in the
1898 will not find
A LF. R. M°CUIRE, - - - THE TAILOR.
Ladies’ Fur Jackets,
Pure Wcol Blankets Mits and Moccasins,
Men’s Overcoats,
Ulsters and Furs.
J
P. S.—One Week
P-TO-DATE
Tj
FURNITURE
The Dress Goods Departments^.*
11 v oiler our Winter Goods »l prices Unit will be some
inducement to intending purchasers.
This department in tilled with the latent novelties in plain and fancy Black tioo(i3' ranging from L5 conta per yard to £1 50 per y aid. Colored Canhmeres and Serges in all tliede-suable colors for this season's wearing.
Scotch and French Plaids in great variety, from 10 cents to (>0 cents per yard.
ePGHIRG.
o
Thanking the public for their liberal patronage in the ami trusting to receive the same in the futuie, we are
><> I

past
always alive to your interests, and come forward better prepared for 1899 than ever before.
CUTHBERTSON & GRAHAM,
Main Street, - - Shawville,
Have just received from one turing houses in Canada, one of the largest, best assorted and most complete stocks of Turnitukk ever biought into the county. The display comprises—
BEDROOM SUITES.
DINING ROOM TABLES,
DINING ROOM CHAIRS,
KITCHEN TABLES,
KITCHEN CHAIRS,
DINING ROOM ROCKERS,
KITCHEN ROCKERS.
CHILDREN S ROCKERS,
CHILDRENS HIGH CHAIRS,
CHILDREN S CRADLES,
CHILDREN S TOY SETS —
—(1 Table and 2 Chairs.)
of the most extensive manufac
O
We have nothing • old to show you
In the Silk f Department f
Wishing one and all
A Happy and Prosperous New Year,
# *
[OFFICE CHAIRS,
SECRETARIES’ DESKS,
HALL HACKS,
CENTRE TABLES,
SIDEBOARDS, (of all kinds and prices.) LOUNGES,
MORRIS CHAIRS,
FANCY ROCKING CHAIRS,
FANCY REED CHAIRS, ROCKERS and MUSIC RACKS,
SPRING & FIBRE MATTRESSES,
In fact, everything required to furnish a house in first-class style.
Int ending purchasers should see these goods before placing their orders. They will he found of superior quality and finish
and at prices to suit all.
OF ALL STYLUS ANI»
G. F. HODGINS.
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
AT
all PRUT.*
In the Staple Department -
You will find an extensive range of Canadian and English fiannellettee from 4 cents to 15 cents per yard.
A Fatal Jo£o.
preaching so quickly and the collision seemed inevitable that Taggart found it hard to know just what to do He rays he did hie best to check the running h »rsva
from in front
\
ONE LUMBERMAN POINTS A LOADED GUN AT ANOTHER WITH FATAL RESULTS.
Blankets and
and only got away
of them when ho saw that to remain there	D*nphih, Man., Jan. 3.—Win Hubbell,
longer	certain death. The team of Havelock, Ont., was shot and instantly | Q OUI fort© FS " "
ill is Branch has been fully I dashed into the twin Striking between I killed by» young men named Harry
* | i he tender of the engine and the baggage l "le, of Ottawa, on Sunday night. I he r. Mr. Cowan, senior, was thrown viol* men were engaged in getting out logs in tly against the corner of the baggage Win SiftoiVs camp near Garland Station.
Ills skull was split and he died in It appeared that Cole, together with Uub-stantly. The other two, Holmes Cowan bell, and several other men were in camp and coachman Dumas, were diagged when Co o ten k down the gun, which was • bout 40 feet and badly out and bruised, hinging on the wall and pointed it at
Hubbell, it is supposed in fun. The gun, which was loaded with shot, wasdischarg ed, the whole charge entering Hubbeh's body and passing through the heart, killing him instantly. Cole is now in custody here awaiting the artival of a constable from P< rtage La Prairie. Hub bell was about 30 years of age, and has a wife at Havelock. Cole is only 19 years of age, and unmarried.
n
r
I We have never shown such .a lino of White and Gray I Blankets and Comforters.
UNDERTAKING
equipped with all the necessary requirements, including the best Embalming appliances that could be procured.
?
L

car
en
car
Ladies Woollen Underwear...
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS--------A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING
Holmes Cowan waa instantly Jktiled and Du mus, the coachman, had part of his skull torn away, his hand severed at the wrist, and the arm broken. He was con rcious, however, when picked up, and and asked to bo taken to the hospital.
Thd poor fellow suffered terribly.
From the time the loam struck the train until the train was stopped, was only an instant. The victims were dragged about 40 feet up the side of the track horses, one of which weie instantly killed, had to be dlagged from under the train.
The remaining horse had to be shot, as A well known anglican t iiunvli official ihj leg was br. ken. The cutter was dom-	1	ay .
0lTÎmboily Homes Cowao was car Toronto Jan. (i —BishopSullivan pas ried into the house of Wm Heron where »od	rooming at 6 JO at Ins rear
it lay until the under: .ker arr.ved.	deuce, JJ ‘.errard a Meet east He preach-
Tho lo ly of Mr. Cowan, senior, was taken	ed h.a la.t aerroon at St Janas Cathed
SirÉSlH SSillîplarocanoe |
received, did not eeero to remember much was ordained by Ih^ht Rev. Dr Crony,t, I	•
of what occurred before the accident	Buhop of Huron, beginning his ro,ma,or-
happened. He stated to thedoctors that '»>	»• * «'"ate to the Venerable
tv r „	,	,	Mi Holme, Cowan was drivmg, and	A.cbdeacn BruUi!h. rector of bt Geo,-
Wiliam Cowan, treasurer for the ooun-	„hen the team were turned into Main	g°= », London Township. In 18,8, Dr. ,	_	,
ty of Oarleton, aged 74: Holmes Cowan,	glrert lhey BtnrtU(l to nm away. He	bullivao returned to Montreal having been	BOOtS aild SllC3S
h„ son, «K;d 48 years, nr,3 dead, and	remembers the team crashing into the	>" Chicago a a rector of St. [Gene's	•
Nathan e Dumas, Mr Cowan e co. c man,	train, but after that a'l is b ank. Dumas	Church. 1 he following year at the E,„s
aged JO, lies m a most critical condition a man about 3G years of age and un eopal elections, he was the chosen candi-a,.d may die, as the result of an accident	married. He has been m the employ	of	d»ta of the majority of the laity.	Upon
which occurred on hr,day morning	last,	\l,. Cowan as coachman for about	six	the deathof Dr. Fauquier, the Brat Bishop I
while the parties named	were on	the	way	months. Previous to this he was employ	uf Algonia, Ur. Sullivan was chosen as his
to attend the	funeral	of	the	late	Charles	ed wtth E. Cardinal and other livery Bruis	successor The deceased was a	of
O Gara, of Ottawa East.	in tho city	Lennox ville and Dublin, and a D.D. of |
The Journal says the accident	was	The double funeral of Mr. Wm. Cow	Trinity University, Toronto. Lie
caused by the team the victims	were	an and M, eon Holmes, took place	on	member of Trinity Uotverstty and
driving becoming unmanageable and Monday morning.	vice-president of the Burial Reform Assu
dashing into a passing train.	I	*	ciation.
James Tutrgurt the flag man at tie crossing where the accident occurred rays that the team turned into Main street about seventy five yards from the railway . I I HI	track. The team started to run burned
j-M.-'y «fter turning the corner and the ing buxlness and p: ofesaional men of the oriver seemed to lose all control of them.
of ?us '	Taggart s.w the team approaching at a
Canada ; the uwccenn of our graduate** (they *Pee<* 1 * aonur ten miles per rvmr and are to bo found everywhere) are points for signaMed the driver. At the same your consideration, fcend for new Catalogue. l,v endeavored to signal the engineer of
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
148*1544 Bank St., Ottawa.
f
Next Doou to G. M. Donaldsox’h Jewellery Store
with, or without sleeves, ribbed or plain, all sizes. The latest novelties in Ladies Wool, Cashmere and Kid Gloves.
G1 Doiisoi!
SHAW VILLE
V
The Clothing Department
Hair Dressing Parlor
i
• h»
PRACTICAL
WATClKHAkLR

e o
Confidence in the clothing department was established long ago, but will be largely increased when you sue tho well made, neat-fitting stylish-looking suits we are selling at $5.00, $<>.00 88.00 and 810 00-Mens’ fall overcoats, equal to tailor-
made, at $5 00 to 810.00. Men's underwear in all sizes and qualities, and at tho very lowest prices.
The
Bishop Sullivan Dead

MAIN ST., - - SHAW VILLE
and
i ' K V Ln? *1^5 ; *•
ILULLLER
If you require a Ilair Cut or Shave, you are guaranteed satisfaction at the Siittwvillu Hair Dressing Parlour.
Parties wishing to have their razors honed or dressed can have th*m put in excellent condition for from 15 to 25 cents.
Try my Hair Tonic.
keeps
A SELECT STOCK OF WATCHES,
CL(K K<, JEWELLERY, SILVER WARE <tc. Ac*.

;

JOHN SMITH.
Rlpmium.
a Speciality
The Deleeacles of the Table#
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
yi'tXm
SHAWVILLE, Q
THE HULL ELECTRIC GO
Sad Accident at Ottawa.
Cara run at Intervals of twenty minutes lu the morning ami fifteen minutes in the afternoon, dally, Sundays included.
You’ll be glad if you do and eorry if you don't visit our shoe depart* nient, and get our prices on all up-to-date goods. Our store is filled from flour to ceiling with the very latest in Fall Footwear, for ladies and children, men and boys. Our stock is admired by all. Our sales are large, and this year will be a record breaker.
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
W. R. TAYLOR,
Sec.-Trens
was a was h
C\Ottawa^ Business College.
(Established 3£ years.)
• - THE LEADING HOUSE - •
Whites Terrorized
Father O'Connell, at one time parish priest at Richmond, Ont., died at Mon treal last week, aged 99 years.
J. Larocque ai d M. Kelly were killed and four Finlanders seriously injured by a premature charge of dynamite on the Soulanges Canal.
Ton men were killed and forty wounded I y the bursting cf a big boiler in Hewitt’s shipbuilding yard, at Barking, England, cn Friday.
Tacoma, Tan. 5.—Passengers who arrived on the steamer Al-Kt from Alaska, some of whom left Dawson as late as Dec. 2, report that tho Chilkat Indiana are terrorizing the white inhabitants of Pyramid Harbor, near Skagua, and have time threatened to massacre them.
Tl e er tira tribe g>t drunk Thanksgiv-the approaching Parry S urd train to "‘2 Day, and with guns compelled all the stop. Both engine and team were ap- whites in that locality to leave.
Pa 11 term comro»nees August 15th. A per* manent M itr of four experienced eb'e ex-
H. S. DOWD, — QÜY0N.
1



