###PAGE###1###

P4ü£ (S) ÂBiMEE (S)
y
>
<
a "
V

r
w *..*
z •
/
r

<

/

i
Z
V
Advance.
>•
81.00 A y EAU IN
1000
27
THURSDAY, DEC
COUNTY, QUE.,
)
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC
No. 2 8 -18th Yeah.
1900
SHAW VILLE ACADEMY Model Department..
Wo enlarge yliotus. Bring your "W
iiliolort to Iuiiwni if you want a <",»y «*' »
rtra.it ttikim trom them- N,e u-rit fur the K
1900
\\\
money
X Vît NATION
OTTAWA, CANAUX
.......
......	1,7:11,0*0
1. MW,31V
ihw'flbt <1
OF CANADA.
-	- $6,000,000. [new century
Ing of npecial «ervict.i n»- 2.600,000. «gkggw"r
will 1,6 of thy naturo of a watch sWVM*1 flhc second service will hvgiiLJ| - a
o'clock on New V ear
celebration of the Holy Communion
take place. In a pa toi 1 letter deal mg
..... :
attended I,y Hie several congregation* M
the pariah, especially (hat oil >8w 1 ear a.
Pontiac HoUftO.
uviHK-s.—rI he advent of the
will bo marked by the hold>*, Paul
nniuence ïve. and
CHRISTMAS !
Htvmo
1.1 Wilson; V, <îrrce
l. Gerald John
1. II
Grade I Wain man
Cir . K thl
Burroughs; 0, Kruust Smart dun Sin? i '
A up
Henry Ariru
S
McGuir
i Wi! un; 8, Pear! 10, G<»r
Examina Herbert Uaigg
Vol
*
i Board of Dindon '•
Op a lr.fi M iuKK, Esq., Presidont.
Okorcji Hav, ESQ.,Vice-Pro8idont.
I.	lev.o-f Jp..	Jons Mahif.h, K o
Davii» M ' ' Lauen, fcw
b«NNlH MCRI’HY, K.sQ
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND,


\ lisent from
Leonard Bal
Haggles Elliott and Vnnio Elliott. Grade II- L Irene Shaw and Katie Glenn, ctjual; :% Evelyne Shaw: 4, Hcrna MeVvudie; Jennie Crawford; (*, Flossie Wain man; 7, Lena Caldwell; 8* James Crawford : 0, Herbert Wilson; 10. Limita Dale.'* * .Misant from part
. Montreal.

Hoad Office#
iiieh a will
GotirralMiinnt-'f-r
JUuager

>

Interesting News for Christmas Shoppers.

SHAW VILLE BRANCH,
I
Urn
IN ONTARIO
Lanark,
Fairy hound, Pem Broke, Hat Portage, do" Bank St. Itenfrow do RUWu St. Toronto. Vunklr-k Hill, Smithi Falls
IN MANITOBA 1
KeewsUn. Kemptvill MatUiwa, Ottawa.
Ah eh ta,
A ". rt«ti i
a.
C» • «
M IDlblf r-.t vs
Farmers Money
notes bought and oo!I< r|r<,>
transferred to all part* or the world
of examination.
Much nympathy is felt for Florence Elliott, one of the pupil* of this grade, who has been seriously ill during the esanmi*
M. E. MacGbeook, teacher.
VU"
Dieu, un tho 8tli hmt„ Walter Craig,
„f Clarendon, aged '.Ni years. Deceased was burn in Northumberland, Eng.,
¦
and consequently endured all the hard-1	# followjn„ ,|,e standing of the |
ships incident to life in a new country ^ Ele|uentary Grade at Xmas
....
TB®SKs»B^SrSfsttgl giSSSSS
Everyone welcome.	I Liberal candidate in the recent local e ec- 11; "X -	Minarva Caldwell.
* mm
truth, ann especially what we know Of	- ^ IIl|i nel._ 1W; + Earle Elliott and
BUM"
i.	audacity to cast any doubt on tho inci-
dent (and there were countless others,
that wu referred to.
To every man, woman and child within reach extend a Christmas Greeting and a cordial
invitation to visit our store.
SAVINGS BANK. Accounts opened for amount* of
and upwards and Interest a 1 lowed

'V
%
one dol- o
Wiunli^e
at ions
phin
we
' Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC:
‘nC’mKi., Sew" York »u-l CM' ago-
lam
r.M
10 a.m. to IS A M. TO 1 I' M.
F. A. PAKKKB, Manager
Office Hours
SATURDAYH .
I
lAohute
un

What shall I Buy for Xmas ?”
Win

Church Services
This is a puzzling question, and it is business to help you out of the difficulty.
our
LOCAL NEWS.
Mc
di Trout and Viko at J. (t
of Christmas presents
Bee them.
Ph. 1)
s
1
NOW ON VIEW A LARGE STOCK
USEFUL, SEASONABLE,
1 lmice array v I)ru;4 Store
WE HAVE OF NOVEL,
and pleasure-giving articles
for holiday time. . . .
Como
Xmas photos us a
now better chance
H. ÏMIHON.
**/our
,lt-Vl it. will give ase fW»
nbia, arrived home last _ • eK-
\ nico Ninas present
would be a family group
them.
We
H. Imihon
ah
Mr. II. S. Dowd has purchased the bankrupt stock of ltitchie & Me Adam, of
Quyon.
WANTED A L_
'gwt boy to learn printing one* at The Equity office.
Ed. Devliu shipped over^ 1
here last week. Mr hull,van
shipment of hogs
Our Christmas Groceries can’t be beat. ‘"S"M NewGoods.
can’t mention here.
Cali and See Us.
good, smart intolli-
. Apply at

and Furs we are
il
e a
before buying. Stour.
and Entertain 1st, 1WI1. At-
Wood taken m II. Imison N *tu<\i
Cant - If ugh Mulligan.
, ,n .If 11n • late Patrick Mulligan, W, of OuhIo, , divil on Tuewlay »f last week 1 from th^ffucto of typhoid fever. He
¦m m
• Xmiis presents
Ækio*»ç*ee
e < un
School No. 8. Clarendon
Lawrence lîelshei
r
f Des Joachim»
mil
Grade IV -1
Franklin McDowell enual; .. McDowell; 4, Annie Wilson.
TII-l, I'cwl McDowell! 2, Kva M
Dowell : 3. Louilln Armstrong; 4, Gur-dou Brownlee. Grade H-l, p >«-l Hodgins; 2, .Sarah Corrigan; H"llie Corrigan and Gertrude Wilson, equal
r». Nellie Hodgins. Prim
2, Inez Wilson; .
4, I Larry Hobh
, John ( bade
% I I Oth Century SupV I nU Elliott’s Hall, .1
>cr
the
The hi pest corundum mill m world, situated in Raglan township m
f Renfrew, started up
an

\
;
on
i
tho County	.	_ n	„
Friday last, and when in full operation,
it will turn out more corundum than all .	,	tl.f other plants in existence. Benj
Mr. Jos. A. Luces of Bristol, . 'wunit-	Ul0 y^..,,resident of the company
;d in marnage SS 'he 11th mat., to ls' a the product of the mill will he ship Kerr, of Aylm-r. The ceremony wto.	,t th, r,lt0 of from « to 12 tons a
performed at Ottawa by the *le ; 1 , Ly. The full capacity of the mill m lo Morris. The young couple left Bmtol u,'s of c,irmulum a day, reclaimed from this week for Minneapolis, Minn., when |(| | t(ms (lf r,„.k. The orders are chiefly they expect to reside. I he • ' w 1 from great engineering works in 1.slope, of Thk I'X-viTY accompany them.	nn<, tho Vnitvd States, where the comm-
h sinuoth surface is rcquinxl. i*> the pew industry will add over Canada’s exports. George Ç	e
of Bridgeport, Conn., is president of
company.
vMr
1
we
ird
I
1

i*
il 11

Phebe Comgan Denson Dvlshei
Primer 1—1, E*. Wilson; •’>, -Harry W ikon
1
ica
Wilson Kenneth McDowell; 4
olny
I AM FOn S A LF
J. H. SHAW
I
Suitable for f'u'in
at the
Price
He Arîîagmg. May be seen
SS* ‘«K *»-»
Ti

Mabel Ak>
i
Clarendon Model Sc hoc.
i*.
DiPilTUEKlA.—The scourge
( ’alumet
Wi	aPplife
VI rq \if Wild man, of Griswold, Mm, jost a child each from the disease, wmi-i uimniod hy her child, arrived t<) t|ie time mentioned is said to exit
home on Mondâj	' WS a I in nine houses on the Isllaudj^^^H
holiday withhw p**	1	"	I There was a very	attendance at
N m. Milson.	i the Xmas Tree for the chihlren of St.
Fovsn-Miss Anderson, of toe	Paul s Church S. 8. in Elliott s hall on
my staff, found a ring at the schooll « £ fche ovoning 0f the 20th. The tree was n Monday, which the owner in.iy Kcov v heavily laden with presents of nil or by calling on her.	kinds, and as a result many young hearts
John l,rc8cnt>
nuL
DEPARTMENT.
i*.’ Grad. II, Acad.—1, Bella Draper;2. L zie Armstrong. Grade 1, Acad.-l. Janette Armstrong; 2, May ^aUh 3 # Willie Sturgeon; 4, Ilannali
% tlarher. Grade II. Model—I. ( tester _	.. •»	|Mirh Hynes. '	•	**
Murder at Ottawa.	__1, Richard Thomson; Ibxth
----	.	V-rauer: 8, Harry Sturgeon; 4, Robert
Joseph Laurcncelle, age ! .J# years, was h 7	'	T. K. Armstrong
stal l,ed to death oa Thursday night .art ^ d„ring part of examiu
by Emery Cansse, aged 80, at c id
canteen building at the Rideau iih®
ran,to. The murder was the result of a
quarrel which originated between the
wives of the two men. Carisse, who gan
himself up to the police, claims to lmvi
d ne the deed in self-defence.
10PEI
) t
Ed
Ml
In
Special
Reductions and ORGANS
FOR THF CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.
PIANOS
if co
1
ion
\ elem. department.
furl >1»tilth* Cuthhcrtson; ‘2,
gmi
Hartwell Thomson
n. f. .
X
,11
irai
Best Tone.
Best Material. Best Durability. Best Finish.



in conect.
°> "¦« >”"« yS
homo on
!..

of Mi
A 4Ï X
Hymeneal
: t
has filled the
1 )rayev
0S1

Mr. Dugui'l w!i	^	^	^ ^
: i
be appreciated.	Deim Lauder, rector of ChrUt Church	Mul. silk. Tho Wdwwd aW ;	h„mo in Otuw., where the re	w„
Xrpilt
t
J'H-ryv — -
son
17
->

i k
ern
a'ok.
Rjferences
3%;
^ f' ” -• 'I v :
SFFsEH
(rl, \r:r-
ueighbnibooJ, who arc
menti in different parts,
NeiS 1
season.
il'115 Mi
L\

came
their respective

KV.ur
Ndw* of
H C08t
wh
SFtiSBe

an
m
but they give iiiifi last a liftituu*
JL.*,
zt
CB*-
H ¦ i\\ a.	,
chants, for copies of very ,Vu'S issued by them tins
few
STRATKI) CATALOGUE
RD FOR IU-1
df friend.-f C>nneaut'e
VS A
SHAW VILLE,
J. R. HORNER -
! as to
1 '	: im po»m
iking a number of .. ' i part pajm
uthorized agent for your vic.mt)
have in stoek, an'
/
Ik our
sales in which we had f utak getting th?m ready
t have beenm
iml
lare pianos
Kindi v write us for prices
>

f
are
The 0. W. KARN COMPANY Limited,
. OTTAWA,
198 SPARKS STREET, -
more quickly.
try. but the end has como The wella were drawn from a reaervoir,
not a laboratory.
CHRISTIANS MURDERED 200 of them Victims of Moslem
Fanaticism.
I

been killed



4

/


s
1 »
Z
###PAGE###2###


I

1
m

r:-
W

\

1 'FECTS OF m QUEST
TOLD OF A CHINESE HEROINE.

vpi k tt the ship and stand tor n
couple lit hours et a stretvh on the ka-v 1er Oniwlilln*	quarter deck, with his tuçe	to	the
nm"r-	bulwarks. "Keeping the flies	oft	the
The olevareet ami most ingenim^ ^,aLnt," Jack calls it, rohlier» in the world are the r wng The captain may sentence a man to burnt» of I thee 1» in Southern Bombay, fourteen days' of this punishment or India, as the Rnglish soldiers have („ ninety days’ imprisonment in cells, learned	by	bitter experience.	Beyond that term he cannot	go.	But
When	out	looking 'for plunder	these	[tieve are infinite number of	smaller
Wheel rubber» wear no clothing and pmijghmenta which he may inflict for
a variety of offenses that to a landsman might seem mere trifles. Sueh are being late in turning out of a morning, wearing socks, not of the regulation patteru, and so on.
BHEEL ROBBERS OF BOMBAY.
TOOK CENTURIES TO BUILD.
Toronto Letter.
Whe Prulll» slml, Ihe C*<*nw ¦"*<
1 uiM|Hrml ?
Who profil» in th» case et lb« ^ quest u( a weaker race by a stim-u This que»lion reminds one of the I economic query, "which party piol by a commercial transaction* | proper reply to this iatltaf i» "goth," but the au»weé. to former is NtAilib^'; that ie, if may belie"» M Leolore uf Congress or
Ihi- genii m ta read b f re the ftbcv named body al I* a lie ft paper i whineb he discussed the rcoigirocx moral effects of a conquering,,*n *ou< wiilh a conquei eil race, ami his oo ci union was that couquej| ft>r each. So far, at any t rat®, racial effects are ouncernetlj be pr nounces I he results of such contact to be bad without ip Says The Evening Post, Nc eommemiiiig on a sum mar Iteclcre's paper published il paper;
“To Ihe ethnographer, a we race is like a rare species of animal, lie notes the condit dor which it has been bro perfection. He points out vironment which it needs f„_	,11
i in u a nee in full vigor, and JE	g <
igiiinst the surroundings wluo^fc	H i
its enfeeblemeut and decay.*	¦ J1
it is the sober judgment uf ^E j ¦/' vlere that conquest, under ^E	Ilf
conditions, means decadence ¦ conquering luce, demoiaii/stuH	111
ruin of the conquered race. ¦
“This is a cold douche for ¦	fllP
U> pour upon our hot aaid heai	^ |
perialism; but the truth must t^	1
And the mass of evidence olhiiuigrup hand is ov
t '0 i periencS e ua blfl to true ,,.^'frurtvc» as iifi it wl ex pen 4 'in a laboratory. ¦
meeytliii physical détériora til be*, h sides. The conqueror eue I to new diseases, to the. strain 1 unaccustomed ci mate, or elsel vives with weakened powers, conquered perish like flies, riot merely that they fall ivkoi j before the vices of oiviliaatiou; i] aatiuu itself kills them. Its br
1
III, Wife nr I'll Bnii.epnr have Mer I We In Save mi Infiml llelr lo Ihe Tamile.
The moral and intelleotuul standards of the OhinosH are so different from ours thmt their popular characters arc as likely bo append ridiculous in our owiiij eyes an, to loom sublime. Whim, for instance, they accord memorial honors to a young woman who out slices from her arms and added them to the medicine of an aged parent in the hope of imparting lo him some of bur own youthful vigor, our seauliment of admiration is not uuimxed with other feelings.
Still, there are Chiiimau characters whose heroism we can admire. One of thaiu—and a great favorite with Chinese historians and poets—Is Queen Mi, wife of the Emperor Liu.
During the rebellion of Tsao a great battle was fought, the chroniclers relate, in which the forces of the Emperor became scattered and bis household dispersed. While the combat still raged Queen Mi found herself alone, abandoned, cruelly wounded by au arrow, and tottering feebly through the bloody grass oai her “three-inch gold lilies", compressed feet, bearing in her arm* the little A-tuu, i»«ir to the line.
She was not his own mother, but her maternal devotion was none the less perfect. Dragging herself painfully U>a half-ruined hut she crouched against the wall with the baby wrapped in her robe. Presently u horseman rude up and discovered her. He proved to be Chau-Uu-lung, u faithful liguerai of the Emperor. Pro-si rating himself at her feet he begged her to mount his horse with the child; he would tight on foot at their side, and endeavor to break through the enemy's lines to the loyal army ou the farther side.
Ceremoniously bidding him rise Ihe grateful Queen in her turn knelt, "nut to her Upuerai, but to his loyalty," and assured him that si>-trunits! him to rescue the heir, but that he must leave her bo die. warrior on foot, with a wounded baby . would) be
their llever
I iilague I'lilheilral Warn la I'rureM wl Errelluii Ml fears.
While the first stone of Cologne Cathedral was laid on Aug. 15, 1248, and the body of the edifice was nut opened until Aug. 15, 1848, tiUO years later tu Hie very day, it wan uot, however, until Aug. la, 1880, that the splendid structure was finally reported completed, having thus occupied in building the record time of exactly lift! years. t
The castle of Kingsgoberg, which stands at the southern extremity of Jutland, took 204 years from the laying of the foundation stone to the rigging of its master’s banner on its highest flagstaff, its foundation stone was the skull of its builder’s bitterest enemy. Three mouths after its laying Count Jhorsing, the builder of the castle, was killed. His son was then in swaddling clothes, tin did not continue his falliei's work until agml 24.

Municipal Ownership — American and fcamsu Cities — Business Men and Civic Offices —Em-'tovMorv of Expert Managers.
«tv, ne
Tli* City of Toronto seams just now to be i* tie» path ol a wave of municipal ownership vuid operation of franchisee. First there was the "dividend " to ratepayers in the shape of eut ting the water rates In two ; then eame the project for municipal telephones, »sd new it is municipal gas that fills the air. There is no doubt
o«r
their bodies are rubbed with oil, eo that should they be surprised and seized they would be able to slip
Once
•rec*
Üilmugrapliid Hoaii lA,!
•hi
il
away from their captors.
I hoy have disappeared in a jungle pursuit is hopeless, hut it some times occurs that they find themselves closely pursued across an open plain, where oven the tall, rank grass has
I
s ri
t >r
JACKAl, IiiLNA & CO.
01
is ha* ( tl
l i AI ilia They « I, n I p ihe tlllngr Bar hags Hi up a I Main.
Any attempt lit writing biographies of the jackal and his boon companions, the hyena and the vulture, would undoubtedly result in the production of a sort of animal Newgate Calendar, for all three arc gluttons, thieves, and of vary unpleasant personal habits.
But if they do uot nppoM to the naturalist with an imagination, it is rallier odd that the statistician has not woven a romance about them, Their domain embraces Persia, Arabia, Babylonia, Syria, Egypt, a part of Asia Minor and the whole of North Africa, and most formidable columns of figures might be gathered concerning their work in the interests of hygiene.
In Africa, after the vultures have done their “day turn," the jackals and hyenas come out. To appreciate the work done by these agents of the African commission uf public highways, says 1’ilbert Dumoutuil in "Les Fames Chiffoniers," we may take a glance at a typical African village at nightfall, and the same by early morning light.
the I'luropvan traveller, approaching such a village for the first time and viewing it from afar, is delighted with the scone, lying in shadow beneath the huge forest trees, look cool and inviting, and seem to promise the tired traveller a comfortable night’s rest.
Approach, however, quickly disenchants hint. The straggling areas between the huts are reeking with all manner of filth and abomination. If the traveller enters a hut, it is merely to find that he has escaped from stenches in the outer air to worse ones inside.
that, theoretically, municipal ownership and operation of franchises is the right thing, the crux is the seen ring of as efficient and economical handling as in Ihe case of a private sompany. The whole thing turns on the efficiency of our municipal machine. Canadians are better served in regard to civic matters than are our neighbor* to the South, but this may be partly owing to the fact that the American community is much larger end the trail of the ward heeler consequently more difficult to follow. Certainly we are not as well served us most of the British cities and this is because we have scarcely come to take our municipal life seriously.
Business Men and Civic Politics.
The cdtixen engrossed in his own private business would often rather pay twenty pea cent more tax than give any of his time to civic matters. He feels that while he might succeed a few dollars on his tax
bl
becvn burnt up by the fearful heat, It is then that their ingenuity Is most In these wore bed and

•bo I a
Xceptlui w Xoil^
7 Ot dll (l
i ii,erLH ë
apparent.
burnt up at retches of plain the only thing that breaks the burisen line is ovcaskmal groups o£ olurrod trunks with their gaunt short limbs standing

out against the sky.
When the dull clatter of the English mounted tmops is beard gaining on them those dark skinned rascals conceal their scant clothing under their small round shields and scatter themselves about to resemble stones or boulders. Thru picking up a few twigs—if there are. any to be had— lhey assume all sorts of grotesque attitudes, their almost fleshless limbs silhouetted against the dark night sky closely resembling the charred limbs of a tree. Absolutely motionless, they hold their positions till the. enemy had passed them.
This, of course, is an old triek, and no longer fools the English, but it is only a few years since a must laughable thing happened to an English officer through thus very clover ruse of theirs. The pursuit had completely lost sight of the robbers, and fines a ally the party drew rein by a clump of gnarled and bent tree trunks, tired nnd hot from their hird exertions. The officer iu charge took off hit* hat and placed it on the end of a broken limb, when instantly there was a wild scream uf laughter, and the tree trunks suddenly came to life But It is clear that this cannot go j and vanished in the darkness, on for ever. Civic affairs have be- i What Uie officer took for a tree Come too important to be relegated ^ limb was a human limb, and he had to the leisure hours of a doz'u ami- | hung his hat on a liheel robber’s able, welt-meaning, but not specially , tues.
trained citizens, who, moreover, are I These Bhecl robbers are very proud not really remunerated and who cannot therefore, be held re-That civic institutions
fymitrke
jibyi t
On bis twenty-fifth birthday be was thiuwn into prion by the sou of the man whose skull lay iu the earth as King.-gutwrg s foundation stone, lu this manner master alter master of lxingaguberg was slopped putting another stone towards the completion of the founder's work till civilization intervened.
Between Berth and Kingussie iu Scotland on the direct John o’Groats lu Land’s End road, stands, Murthley Castle, a magniiicout Elizabethan structure, designed iu the early part ot the present century. It is not likely lo be finished, however, building exports declare, for at least another decade.
î
t
¦

t
r
•I
C
I
«¦
iu saving
iateei, yet the gain would be so small that if he stuck to hie own business
I
reads er-:.' he
I
Only a few miles distant, on the
he wvuM make tea or twenty times as much. It he feels so in regard to giving a smell portion of his time, he feels still greater reticence in making a plunge into civic politics participant. This feeling is accentuated by the fact that his living depends upon his exertions in his own business, while the civic field offers nothing but hard work, misunderstanding and poverty.
Civic Affairs Must Not be Neglected.
same main road, ls the vast, untiuish-ed palace uf lue Dukes uf Athol. It wua begun by the ivurth Duke, who died in itWU, who planned it on the When com-
Accumul
«
c

l
most sumptuous style, pie ted it will be one of the finest
l
I
The little huts,
private residences in the Kingdom.
t o, over twenty years land Dule line been bu»y building a great mansion on the island ol tuai name. It is not
ft
(
A
I
!•:
yet completed, or likely to be for an-	1,9 W6“ “ tt
other ten years. At the end uf that 9t 11 ftttal ^advantage. He mus, penud Mount Stewart, as the place ride and carry the child.
:: =¦«
n	j tightly uior yet Co very loose.
"“•«....- *¦»»» r*1
iiui.ij ,mr. .o bu,U. .1 .M>	,„d]l. ul,	laid A-
exactly one-third was occupied in ex- .	,	,	,	.
He pasaea the night as best he ran, cavJul|tf lJje ^undations. The solid ! U>u Ul	• “ud running with the
his ears constantly assailed by the j rwk Ujiul) wtlich u ,lauds ie ulwoat las muater f her slrf"'4ftb to a "e11 g run ns, growls, bowlings and snip- ^ard as iron. Indeed, "Heslurmel" near at hand, sprang down ut to her
U early dawn means, in Cornish, "the palace of the	,be General took the
~1‘Jj J«ur“-	K.rel^e herlW^-kaTfeTy fo bis father,
LLu, and told him amd his guard the story of the Quota's self-sacrifice.
a
slays them Like wild animals ¦ ' der	d i an estimation , they eif;
through very deprivation of ¦! savage life. They die by looking us,' said a French sailor. This ig old story. What lends chief vafg M. 1/eolere’s paper is its close utt.^r of the subtle interchange —a moral osmosis—which goes < i ween the higher couq*~-"n4 the lower conquered It is, in general, a give-and-t whaj- is .lsjtj iu eaci, . .
ruler is under u power
«
i
t
i
1

ot their skill in pilfering, and openly boast of it. an English officer that he could steal his blanket from under him and not
Vi
One of them once told

sponsible.
municipal enterprises have
and
done as well as they have, is due to that spirit of altruism which prompts most men to help the community in
a'

even wake him u.p
The officer Laughed, and bet him he could not do it.
That night, when the officer was fast asleep the Hired robber cut a hole in his tent, crept noiselessly in

pings of wild beasts, lie goes out au 1 finds every particle of offensive matter gone, with all the
awl

I
Every day, how-
which they live, ever, civic affairs become more technical and complex, every day It becomes loss possible for busy citizens to take part in civic affairs, even though, possibly, the desire to do so is increasing. Less possible, that is, to hike pirt iu them in, the way of personally eapervieiug every contract, of deciding between this or that style of machinery, or the qualifications of the hundred different experts who are now constantly employed by every large city. What can be done, as I have before pointed out is to make the Council a deliberative and legislative body; aLiwwf^V ,erUin br,wd, general lex aits uua Selecting men directly
effluvia of the night before.
In the oases of tine desert, as soon as night falls, the human ear is assailed by a deep and peculiar grating sound, that comes from the surrounding hot, barren sands outside tig range of vision. It swells and gro*, as it comes nearer, and sown the lfg^t of the camp-fire allows, dimly horrid shapes by the hundreds, and nu). times thousands, seated oe.tsid,, t(le area of brightness, gnashing their teeth and licking their chopytn anticipa tion of the time shall Erve overooum/the travellers, I hey arc hyenas, (fat fui to look u;ion, but rarely dangerous to man.
If there is a settlement on the oasis they overrun its streets and alleys in search of garbage.
At the first sign of dawn, which is followed almost immediately by the rising of the sun, they*disappear, but in the meantime, they have accomplished their mission. The village garbage heap, piled no matter how high with the debris of a day,—dead dogs or oats or fowls, sometimes a dead donkey, all the scrapings and garbage of the to an—has vanished as completely as the beasts that have cleaned it tip. Not u bit of squirrel n ao jvnao| it jo Jnut.u aqi )OU 'wuoq dead grasshopper remains!
foreign
•emptation to throw off the mu restraints under which he has lit at home. Why should be obsei moral conventions, which are largi social conventions, when they do n obtain in the community where be living? His power being usually ar trary, he makes it violent and brut to bring it sharply home to u

and gently tickled the hands attd feet of the sleeping man. The officer stirred uneasily and turned over. Iu this the tided was able to pull the Hy re-
i’ne Liuumo at Florenee rneuced 1» Arnulfo iu the year 12114, the last block of marble being placed in loeitiou iu the facade in presence o* the King on May 12, 1887, a period of 5U3 » ears.
was com
I
way
blanket out a little way. pealing this performance be finally succeeded in “coaxing" the blanket
A MONSTER CLOCK.
The following is a description of the clock now (being put into the tower of Toronto's city hall ;—Each dial ia in six sections, weighs over 0,000 pounds, and each will be fixed in the four ap-without any cross bars, so
completely from under the sleeper!
WELL SUPPLIED.
so as
accustomed to cruelty. Eiiits-Jam Stephen tried to introduce rules evidence in the Indian criminal cue ‘What is the use»’ it was objected. W get any evidence we need by rul
What assurance have I that you 1 can support my daughter it I let you ,
I
IN THL. QuhcN'S NAVY.
I1
er tures
that no shadow will be cast when the from the inaide.
marry h* r f aakotl the father.
Oh, as for that, sir, reassuringly |
inches wide, and the minute marks inches long. The large hind is
Hu II. Halers tilnilulâler Jii.lreMii .Their tie ilea Kralui*.
"rue captain of a British man-of-war is something of a ezir aboard his own ship. He does not possess power of life aud death over bis subordinates, but he can make or mar any man just as he pleases. Warrant officers aud all ranks above can be punished only by court-martial, llut in all the ranks below the warrant of-
eu sleep
can
bing pepper into a man’s eyes.’ Sue cynical indifference and brutality ai the commonest effects of full and ia when conferre
?*
sura nee.
responsible to Council to carry out these plums and get these results, lew b usinées men can spend the necessary time to become paving expTta, or to learm how to organize a street cleaning department, but they can tell wbwb pavement ooists the least and taste longest, and which street comminwimeer keeps the city cleanest wiih the least money. In the same | way whom the city cornua to go into the bam Uiiig of franchises, the Council shoeid vuly lay down general principles, supervise the main contracts and trust all the detail to a who should be pi id as much
seven
nine feet long; it will travel 54 feet | every hour, so that in the coui ^ 0f the year it will have oove^j adis-l.inee of gj miles. Thÿ hour bind is
CONDUCIVE TO LONELINESS. There's nothing I enjoy so much na
s quiet am -ke an by mysclt,--
Well, you ought to have little ; trouble in keeping away trom-,'crowds i as long as there are any in the box 1 trom which that one came.
responsible power
upon me in Or.. „.. a civilized rat to keep a turbulent lower raoe order. They begin by deoivillzi themselves. They become subdued t. the elements in which they work. I is one of the forms of terrible revenge which the conquered take. They perish, but in their death they poison the life of their conquerors, history of tropical colonization is one long "Woe to the victors!"
e se
J


five feet six modes in length. Two electric motors will be used for winding up the clock, which operation will occupy an hour. The height of tho lower from the sidewalk to the pin-
ficer the captain can promote or degrade men as he thinks fit.
Two tribunals are held daily iu a battle ship. At noon the commander deals with the lighter offenses, while the more serious ones arc judged by the captain at evening.
At the diended evening function, the captain, presides sternly, silting
A POLICY CHARACTERISTIC. What is reserve, pn Î Reserve ! Well, reserve is holding in and not telling all you know for fear you will keep other people from telling all they know.

I he
nacle is 297 feet.
f
ALL IN A LIFETIME.
w
Don't you regret the time you wasted in your youth? asked the sentimentalist.
I didn't waste any time in my youth, answered the self-satisfied man. I flew kites and fished and attended dances arid learned to play Ihe guitar aud attended to all) such matters, and if I hadn’t looked after
manager
THE KAISER’S PERSONAL GUARDS,
at a table on the quarter deck, with officers around him.
as the manager of that corporation got before it passed into the hands of The practice has not iu-
i
ihe prisoners stand in a row Cueing their judge.
"What is this man charged with I" asks the captain as culprit No. 1 steps forward.
fcjome interesting | articulais are published of the manner in whic^ • the safety of the Emperor is assure^,
ARTISTIC HUT INADEQUATE. Nancy—Why, girl, this old-fashion- I ed stove will never beat your den.
Suc harissa—I don't care ; I'll keep warm on enthusiasm.

¦ : t/.
frequently been followed, of taking the manager when the city buys
FIRST BANK NOTE.
I
In the showcases devoted to exhibits of early printing from Japan and states the ! China the British Museum authorities charge, which is that Ordinary Sea- have just placed an interesting addi-Joues, walked when he should tiun—a Chinese bank note issued dur-
during his frequent journey logs.
he remembered that five of t
over
buck a franchise, and it often bap-
may
Berlin secret police were ordered tCu --4* C'a linen during Ins Majesty’s recent eta/. One of the officials went about as a carpenter, with a rule in his^ hand. The second lay by the side of*
(tho nads disguised as a tramp, an<SS pattook freely of the contents of a gig ,
The master-at-arms
pens that such a man works harder and more auccvssfu.ly for the city

F
USURPING HIS PREROGATIVE.

them in my youth I am sure I should I think I may say, remarked Mr. i never have had opportunities to give Meeker, stirring something softly in them proper attention since then.
1 his tumbler with a spoon, that my wife is the head of the family to such
man
have run, and would not mend his | ing the reign of the Emperor ilung-pace when ordered to.	j Wu, A. D. 1368-1399. This is the earl-
|	' Call the witnesses," commands jest specimen of a bank note known
and the witnesses ! to exist in any country, and is 800 years earlier than the establishment at (Stockholm of the first European bank which issued notes. About 18 inches in length, and half that in Junes explains that he "didn’t hear," width, it is a curious looking docu-
than he did for the comixtuy.
ciiies of the old world have not arrived at their present state of good civic government by chance, but by tine exercise of those qualities which	sk.ppei
ia business and “ep forward aud give their evidence.
" Well, you have heard what the
TIME’S CHANGES.

an extent that she would object very strongly to my taking this nightcap if alie were here.
JiiU'ik—Hello, illobbs, I haven't seen bottle filled with tea. The third vmf
I
go to produce success particularly by tho taking of a keen inlevent in civic affairs b, all the witnesses said, what have you to say?
asks the captain.
'
you tor a year, and the last time we (derail about the country aa a journey having a row with man. The superintending officia your best girl because she wouldn’t rude about on a bicycle dleased as I
tournai, and iu .this giarb gave the nuo ta a > instructions to hie subordinate] without , a using any susp.ciun. Them
met you were

A. U. C.
ratepayer*.
marry you. How are matters now? Illobbs—Oh, they're changed. Jinrik—Ah ?
HIS INTERPRETATION.
Mrs. Hcupock—1 see that they can not get enough men to run the warships in the navy.
Mr. Hcnpeek, so to voice—Now i un derstand why they call a ship she.
or "was going to double,'1 or surne-
ment.
VALUE Ol'' AN IRON BLOCK. 1 thing of ihe kind.
THE
Elubba—Yea. She married me, and officials of course, were well known t now I’m having a row because at# the police and gendarmes of Elbinj
In the neighborhood of Tilsit, liants» Marieuberg and Rominlen, also, tb a,erel police adopted similar disguise to oonoal their identity.
VALUE OF MUSIC.
The captain considers a moment
Interesting figures on the increasing »*“'«= ""	up appeaxaiwe. a. well
value of a given piece of iron or steel ' ‘esumouy. " Well/ u h,s conclu-,hr,.ugh working. Out of an iron	T have to • double ' so does ev-
bluck whose value is #0 there may be "ybody else In the ship, and you 11 manufactured:	Horseshoes to the | ba'« ^ ^	^ determined/
value of #15, or table cutlery to the j this with very significant emphasis, value of #200, or needles to the value to have everybody in my crew thor-of #140. pocket-knife blades to the "ughly smart at his work. Seven days value of #4000. The most valuable 10 A.”
products, however, into which the raw There are a number of what are Irua may be converted are watch- termed "scale punishments" laid down Out of our #6 iron block the admiralty. Of this 10 A is the
meet irritating. The man undergoing Lt has to take Ms meats under a sentry’s supervision, work while the other men are resting, do all the dirty
A German contemporary gives some I
Mrs. Maternal—I am sorry you are going back to Germany. Had I not better gel another music teacher for my daughter f
Prof. Von Note—Id ees nod neces-She knows enough museek to
dm.
1 C

HIS DEFINITION.
ITS ELEMENT OF HORROR.
Weary Willy—I can't get s good I'm sorry I reed that story," ex- j j(,t, muml All de good job is taken.
Mrs. Handout—U'm! And what do

claimed Mr. Pneer, throwing down
sary. get married on.

the borrowed book Mi disgust. It's a j yriu call a good job.
Weary Willy—Oh! Any kind uv a Doesn’t the hero marry the heroine job dat a taken, mum! in the last chapter? asked Mrs. Pneer. :
Yes, but it coats him: his fortune!

GETS HIMSELF DISLIKED.
Miss BUf, has your employer any tyrannical habits?
Yes, indeed, be buys candy and eate it before my eyes.
FROM THE HOUND.
She thinks she sings %ke an angel. j Bu! I ncIce ttw »t » the listeners ! who (I»
tragedy!


A MISNOMER.
First Rabbit—You needn’t mind calling me a cottontail hereafter. • Second Rabbit—Dear me!
i

TABLE MANNERS.
Why
Bay, Pa, cried little Tommy, at
springs
b springs !e»H thee #Hi.004) w*y be manutaertur-„l This mean* an Increase in the Value of mere than '*** \r*

dinner, gimme some butter.
Ooral dies and loses much of ita what do you say? pana corrected, beauty immédiatelv it U pulled out If—If— of the wafer.
to the value of no
not?
First Rabbit—Since the hunters shut off my tail it'a a misnomer, may call me bunly please.
CORAL DIES AT ONCE.
You
I
If you kin reach iu
•4.

i
4
###PAGE###3###

rA


r
-




,	( i


»

I

II
POWER STORED IN WATER
tit/ of milk than U required by one
giving milk containing relatively, “ small per cent of aoliile. Tiie milk
} Oil the Firm, y [

|cooking i bare the neck out oIom to the iMMMMMWMtHm***»» | lmek, boat the breast bone flat with a X	|	rolling pin, tie wings and legs «ecuiely,
Atom the ftrase. *«!-r,,1SÏÏÜX^
Place in a baking pan and baste fee-
WILL REVOLU 1 IONIZE LOCOMOTIVE BUILDING INDUSTRY.
MVtcA and Comments.
oroameriee
that i« brought to oar generally test» from 8.5 to 4 per omt fat, and with such milk the per cent of fat I» a fair Inter of the amount of caaelu there Ui in her milk.

» sir * full of reform and yet ¦f the reforma which might I* iftdiiy accomplished lag behind, war no facilitate» trade between monetary unit.
HUMUS ANU l-’Bltl'lLIZKIti High grade commercial fertiliser» sh,n.: will not permanently improve
,he «oil, a» lu time tbe humu.» becomes With the humus exsoil becomes dead and
Heine nf Beal*'»
t. fc. HI»'» of I In- liiviell"»'
Miiokr, Titiller» anil
I
mon K«* of Ilir I'***!—II*»ii•
Hiilrlilittf I hr TmIi • n Krlmir of Tam d u
Fioal tests are now1 being made on the Now York and Putnam Railroad of a now system of storing power, says a New York letter, IF it provi s a success, it is Said that it will revolutionize the locomotive building indus! ry and solve th > problem of r'° during a smokeless, noiseless,
lard
on the breast.
TtiK ilUMtv-KJiKi’ING WOMAN.
Bright like the comfort Lug- blaze on the hearth,
Sweet like I he
young apple tree,	.. „ .
Fragrant with promise of fruit y«t to i*i,
pro I uct of
Now, since casein is protein in feed, and since casein and fat run parallel in the ordinary milk, know very closely

I a* » common
*4*ratin'ly few nations have ixTîTia ja|*i that are exactly niea-• tired by iheeoius of the other. I wo iitiuiw, 4w*1*r, have systems which i Hie coiirae of time have attracted i I In in ail*idlary systems. The Am-ricau dojlar has become a nionetai y ¦rm ofef a large part of North and with America, though in Mexico and tiler rtjuibtioa the debased and un-ett led elate of the coinage haacRUft-U> vary very
withi a little water quently with sailed wafer, »»me add onion, and Home vinegar, turning often the side sud back may •» "* When nearly done
exhausted.
hHuted the
compact, In this coniitloo It -- ""
eu pub to of Huata'ming a crop, un
¦ - -humus will show signs of distress, where rain has been with-held, much kiu'l of l.inu
hloM-oms on the
or nearly ho, wo how much protein a cow nce-iln by ascertaining her weekly yid'i butter In round number»—und farm-only deal with such in daily practice—if your grain mixture with the coarse feed mikes a balanced ra-will find it necessary to
s>> that
home-keeping maiden a of i nicely browneil.
in time of
Are the
earth.
BAKHI) ham.
than talent >e
era can
Better and greater
"where ia the glory of brush or
r.nc
Prepare your ham by washing it and soaking it over night
cheap motive power.
Steam still (lone the work. lh< i"" volution is in the method of producing Water, by sub-w bile
And
than the an in-
““¦jiTEr* ..*ï	*
The home-keeping women of	changing th<* water occasionally if you
incline 1 lu h* aalt.
sooner Mill, where humus
his been properly
turn you
ma in la in the mille flow, to feed a# ny pounds of grain daily as the cow yields butter fat in a week.
We know at the «lose of each week the exact amount of butter fat yi< Id-ed by each cow, and this tells us how much grain each cow will need Lo flow. We find it is
supplied.	.	.	.
ill the second place there u* Vu
oar boues acid gas produced.
solvent, and elements
and applying steam, jetting it to enormous pressure heat is being applied, is made to store the form of
lit-
nu
the «, Lual value
a that standard, IM-day Metre are worth only about 50 tents. HieVher great standard is ik»t of ireet Britain and nearly «II IV M her «denies outside of Canada. U the gold coin of
"'"'"TT
•j'hvy re go unsurpassed In Ulflir ,(.ave it in the pot, closely covered,
sa ca=i
tablespoonful of powdered sugar, a tmy pinch of cayenne pepper, and the yolks of two eggs; put in the that
,1s or no
ibid gas is a powerful acts on certain rebellious in the soil, reducing them to plant for the dissolving 1*0-saii rebellious remain in the soil would therefore
iuoVJ
a quantity of povvttr in boat—a quantity which would be impossible un 1er normal conditions. Hs heat is limited
:»n
.
Hat
foo L
j>v*riioa u£ this gas, woull u
oetlKicUy to «ton; up only to the strength of its enclosing it r of ite i. i bl« ... wi h stand a great bursting pressure.
Heating plants at intervals along the length of the railway do all the the water, and
maintain her much safer to mikn her yield the basis of her ration than to feed more than her yield calls for, In the hope that an increase in feed will increase her flow; for, as a rule, it will not do it. If her system is in a condition to {yield more she will do it for a few weeks at a slight reduction in body weight, nnd at tbe close of the week, if site has increased in ,yi' Id of butter fat, the ration is then adjust-
itt* {Mind sterling,
Eta	, k.......
: «0 knows what its coin is worth wuh regard to stonu*
6' 4» VT4L» of a sovereign. 1,10 should lw remembered that a.i> lUl. augir m Tuipteitthe British system in seienti- oullU>ard m lbv first and greatest re-	tlle mure
fiesyisTislhat it isnat based on the iiu. A!»o. that mAh,ug should be	browned,
dMstaal1 ¦ Principle. Unhappily, too, the uway until it is thoroughly dry ofen< garnlsb with a paper frill and not exactly measured by ^ w„a aired, w> tom every vestige eumi>	and ser.e. Baked ham
of moisture has disapproved. No.hmg l# ueUilli> served void, and makes a decoded* dampness qu.ie as quickly as j c^uus ucvi,inpau.ui uL to a dinner, lie, II. Shu old the linen how ugns " |	------
mbsuinccs wirlvuut chingti, and

service in the matter
ren lor no uuore oi fertility than i*> It follows that
ml lia si e frequently, so
many stones, in order to produce and permanently time,
end cayenne pepper may ham
W lie n
work of unperheatriig
crops profitably improve
locomotive, firebox, and
from tin
the present tender are to tie things of the past. 1 tie is forced, under
remove
the soil at the sum. lid cal l»uic acid gas
mus. be
huiuU, a
superheated water great pressure, lut i a voir under ibe floor of the our.
lie it Is retained by t hi< k in-
uiu.ities. those
•ovetcRn, is
UbsNuil of the great decimal system,
1 1 Tmlar. The sovereign contains
hturly as much gold as the A,n" shiv* dollar piece. One is worth sMfflsr'th» other 488 M If soma mi, therefore, could be ^	that the same amount of
gvid (guild be t ut in each coin Kng-Sygtem would be at once adnpt-„ decimal standards, and the and sovereign would the coins
procured ill proper q .wo substances may
uni th prophets m farming, call t)e liu
tubular ntsvr
b* n-girded »s
Its
bti I .t vV and w.about ihem there profitable farming on a improvement, llaving
,Lc acid gas arc
it th.ag is to proauce
store of
suliting jack ts of magnesium, and, ihv |OhS of
ed to the yield.
In this way our cows an. k"pl it full flow, are k ‘pt in fine; working condition tlu* year through, and not thrown off their feed.
I he secret why our station herd u* yielding on an average G, >00 pounds of milk par y • ir, while the ordinary as handled by the average patron, gives only 3,000
)
in lukv-
llie.n dry and
MINOR IT lid.
ytidow wring out *ixip and waUir,
li.isis i>I soil
turning w .1 r in
elvre agami.
Always mend I n n of a stilt or ravel. Washing it alter it ham started to tear wul only in-tlie aiit wad uiako it more di -
*e
according <> the inventor, head by r idtotion to almost imp rep-tit.de, even in winter.
By an ingenious device the water ia released, drop by drop, into a high where, through Us
with a nice puff I he I hick ness u ixiixlur<
Line a pie ilish
are This is
tuund th.it humus and car-iuuUpenaible, the
paste, rol ei to 14Vic©
«loliar pMMîe, put iu I be P‘e
inch deep, and spread it to t lie edge ru I
it i he fixai RW"

them eco*
half an within a finyer width u<
lU> u
l|
uviniv Ally.
iuy green crop
iiu a bun a-
turned under will of the leg*
pressure cylin 1er, own store
a p ate
turn which the P'«
out a puf I p isle crust, tbs sue oi the one on is made on to it, and with a size
crease Limit to repair.
ffjt dollar piece •xirthuch an influence upon of tj other nations that gradually world would come into
of beat, and h iving room to
cow, creamery pound*.
red wine stain*
knife cul uf tli ¦ plate,
expand
Ordinary fruit or
removed from tab.e l-uen by drops uf th.ck sour
ft' HUM’S INTO STR\M The working i*>wcr of the motor i* limited only by the exhaustion of its supply of sup rhea ted water. This it is planned to renew at the plants along the road, ia claimed, can out. recharging.
Nearly the full power of the si»1" to utilized, it ia e , i l, by means of corn-cxbiust of the
urne
thti paatc around, the Ihoi. take the plate oil', make three i with the end of the either s.de of lb. middle, take
cun be
iw as,
a.,id substance, supply of nitrogen Mill inerefore be far more ec a legume crop, growth the greater the Consequently fertilize liberally. A green crop fertilized and turn-
ses
ment uf aunts.
\V b<‘ u comm
of a lew Thifl bhoukl t* 1*^	0,11 lt>l
bdch wash the
gather
from, the ulr. U onomical
mea.na
the i Ivilieed
tipe. i-lhat to. of course, the gold standard countries, The silver standard peopl ia who are for the most part th. corsr nations, such as India,
pSEip
mjL K would present to the world ,,, ^ .«am and rinse in iAjeal toward which it would gravi- baate with butter auda tatel tiuch a change, along with the Bllka tw0 hours or moie addition of a modern and scientific tak„ from the pan, pour
âüüüiÜE^,.
flalfrVApe^er.	aW don0| turu them out into a heavy
If you have nothing white earthenware
small incision*
milk.
several hours, after w in lukewarm waier.
To remove Iron rust from niien. ^ yreae jt light iy dissolve 5c worth of oral a: acid m one of rain water. bottle and Weill corked, U>-«
SPRAYIN'Cl TREES.
knife on
it carefully up, and cu.er the pie with with the finger
1 he
A correspondent says he has been spraying fruit trees with nuire or success for 11 years, but only for th" last four yen's h is b ' obtained results entirely s itisfactory. slakes lima in the ordinary manner
and strains it. Then for apples and pound engines. The plum trees ihe adds to a gallon of this high pressure cylinder is adnuuea two gallons of water and two tea- a low pressure engine on the ?
feature novel in this motor.
used in
spot
to employ
Long distances, it be traversed with
ranker the be mints to be oerived.
the bottom crust, put in of an

I
•ss
quick oven for three qua! let s
be brushed over
full quart ma r k pu.sun.
Last a long l me uke 1 tablespoon.

it will pty well to
w ill
He now
hour ; the top may For ordinary spots ^ tbe yolk o( a„ ,gg beaten with a
beat very bet, ap- jiU|a mi|k_ Mince pies made in this thoroughly. way aht>u;d u, served warm.
little flour.
• xv ho ii done off tbe fat, i left add tbe
truck—a
It is maintained that wh n this form th stored power will prop. l high rate of speed. In made between High Bridge and of forty-five miles
spoonfuls of London purple, and the trees before the bloom
• rcial fertilizers arc ap-
¦-•""âSs.M»'
abundant
CRAMBERRIES
for cooking them
sprays
comes
Tbe simplest rule U the best. To a quart of crauber-i»f boiling water and Pick the cranberries of water and let rapidity in a for twenty
out, tin I again after the bli Give a third and fourth ap wbich is not Never spray while
<>m
a train at a
is gone.
tests
i
plication if necessary often the case, the bloom Is on, us it drowns, poisons or kills the pollen. Uses the. same on
before
Dun wood ie a rate an hour has been obtained.
five or ten. un-
Ijcr Said plan poorer and poorer, however ibe applies tons may be.
York experiment
is said to lie
The saving Over steam
kettle
the end of this time add end cook them ten
porcelain-lined minutes. At
while it is eati-
abottt one half, for.
that the average yearly coat
currants and gooseberries hey bloom uni after the fruit h is For peaches and pears he
station
ma ted
for operating a car by it he old system utile, by means of su-sserted, i ho
t
Ihe New
made a ten-year line.
exp-riment
started.
weakens it, using one half gallon of lime water and one teaspoanful of London purple in two gallons of wa-Uses lime water without lw»n-
1
h 18
along the same
used equtl in every
Three plots way, lying about Id
lx four cents a perheated water, it h> a cost is not mire than two cents a

*
Wig©,
were
aujtocnt, and the yield was
hels each of wheat per acre. On iwuinds of high grade fer-On No.
porcelain mold.
bowl,
mile.
Each car is to be managed by one is designed to use t he from New
ABOUT THE KITCHEN.
X
ter,
don purple to spray trees after furit U fair size, to prevent fruit rotting ou the trees, an 1 his succeeded in saving it by shaking slaked lime from a can attache! to a 1> lc right
better, a
papers half, ibeu quarter, bolding a quart, will do well.
ho-e lb oue corner craube.rrieuS aland in as cold a place as k,tchen table. Use y(JU bave for about twelve hours, or them to set spiders, kettles and such until you wish to serve them; then things on that are back from burn- lurn them out on a low platter, a pei-wood-it saves time and keeps a tect form. If they incline to stick to %. table.	! tbe mold, set it in wa, a water just
Take several grape basket covers, |on(; ,nuugb for the heat to penetrate eud, have a nail in	inside of the mold. If ‘t re-
becomes heated
IJU»
N<>. 1. 830
increase in yield and
asvd.
Let
Fold da ) then cut, make a
If it
I
man.

for I ng runs, as
BEAUTIES OF A GLACIER.
ptAver
York to llnff11 -N a need us u storage car, in which are contained sufficient cylinders to carry ih- train th it distance without ret th s use of cylinders on
locomotive can be
and bang over
| Ikrllrll I» VIllOll* of
WlirlWnl no.
!ïhe fascinatious of a glacier are as tistching «s they are dangerous. | apostolic vision of a crystal city
Elarified by light T, ud or sea" was not more ! "than these vast ice-rivers, wh.ee onward course ia chronicled, not by and centuries, but by geolo-a UritishOolumbia
S,ernes Thai Arr

on tbe ripening fruit.
cbargmg, an each car
the result was help, continua* to
No. I
will thus be made unneoes-
HOW NATIONS MAKE MONEY.
bore a bote iiu one
"that never was on beautiful
L.r^ïteV in
sary.
Among l bare wha xro Un-ncw system ore XV. Seward Webb formerly president of the Wagner Palace far Company; Hon. Andrew t; mar, Minister Of Railways of Cau-llison, United Etales
your pantry to bang them on, and 1Uains too long or «hen you take hot pes or cake from through, the cranberries can set tnern un tue j melted and lose their form, the otxloüi or paihl heat spo.la both.
become
In Vlilrli liter Tern mu ISmiv.1 l*vliny*
nu4-iv. iiuro
than with cu
sreSirjKr- —
1 hr I nrh'uw Wny»

either No. 1 or No. 3.
uuncrcial fertilizers, rapidly and then
lüjo uv<fu you

The Russian government w on a unireputation for enterprise when it fortune out of the For months after the old iron, shot and
covers, sav.rig on your sheaf—tor
1 Liberal supply of carbonate of
k.icbem molasse», one cup
and one-half cups flour, one and one-
currants,
A PLAIN PLUM PUDDING.
One cup suet chopped fine, one cup sweet milk, three
years
great ages, says c Jr respondent of the New York tost. .'With' white ' domed snow-cornices wreathed fantastic as arabesque, and walla of emerald million sparkling
que
made a small
uda; and J. W.
cutativc of Canadian railways.

placed around the
other favorite haunt
in the average.
From the that with deep ration, fertilizers ed uniie-easify' case.
Crimean XVar.
soda
^r %.
smaU hours in a dish or bag._
ORANGE CULTURE AND TRADE.
that there are in trees which
foregoing it would seem and frequent culti-would be rendv.r-guch Is not the
repru
end of the war obeli were picked up r ound Sebastopol. For a lime there was a regular trade thousands of tons of metal being s .id it was too good a chance to be missed the government stepped »u bo-buyers and sellers with a tax -f hundred-weight.
MISSED THE THIRD WORD.
Londoner sailli o a
cup
X

Steam two
‘with the glassy grotto reflecting a Towels, one might bo in some enver-di eam-world, or among the tot-of an ancient city.
The other day a
countryman;
HI bet you anything you. like you spell three simple words that within forty seconds.
i
pLete disappearance To keep the pantry
unslaked qu rklime kept
all impuriiies and keep | and sweet. Ibe I
i

sweet, a
in it
box of will absorb the air Ueautifudy dry
be changed every two or
3
used on No.
Ibe stable manure had at most but l carbouic
nous
tering grandeur The ice pillars and silver pinnnacles, which scientists call séracs, stand like the sculptured marble of temples ruin. Glittering pvn-the rim of bluish
and
cannot
It is estimait ed
little capacity for acid gas, this almost wholly
1 shall give you I'll take that on. Now Hi wo. wha* are they* said the countryman.
said the Londonei,
w::
Lweeu
producing
1UU° uuring1 ttofporioil of previous de-Uonacquently theie little 'humus or carbouic
twelve cents per When the last shot had been, picked up and disposed of, the treasury' bad little harvest of sevenl.y-
Lime must three weeks.
yield,
orsng. s per year, or 300 oranges per trvt.. in the province of bevil.a, *n tha largest quantities of in Flurope, the
Oil
Well, here goes, a a he pulled l_-Lro-n-d -o-n. Watching.
It,si
comi>oeiiion.
f
out his wall'll; London.
crumbling to dents hung from
Tints too brilliant for artists from the turquoise of that flow
BOILED TURKEY.	ig,. ,i, where
:*r	- ....=»««
Rub all over with lemon fiulla The island of St. Michel, in Fill ihe lh , Azor,Si produces on an urea of 265 a, 350,000,000 oranges, which are al-entirely abipped! to England. In t0 the tail and the wings close to	total exporta of oragnea from
., 8jdee Wrap it in a band of cloth . sciga,,d 1,000,1100,000. Gnece x ; keep the shape and prevent the %%	„ ©W . un üO.OuO.OUÜ manges.
_ discoloring the breast. Lay	ritaiu consumes annually
trivet in a kettle with boiling oi.#.lgj ' the value of about @d,-After the QyytlOO
reaptd a five thousand dollars.
Uum .risls have had a great deal to say about the taxation/ of bachelors.
,uld not be allog-ther
was but very acid gas produced.
chasm.. brush gleam crystal
through valleys
hemmed in by	,
an azure depth that ia very infinity s
But when a crop of clover or pea
crop
W-a-t-c-h-i-nrg'
Wrung, saw! ihe 1 lUirdoQit,---....
Whatf exclaimed the countryman I’ve spelled th« me correctly. I'm cer-
wipe dry.
juice and salt and pepper, cavity with boiled celery cut in small slices and well drained. Truss the
walls. Rivers
Such a tax w wel. It is already in operation in There the government J; ws
by taxing
of ice and lakes, hills of ice, shine with
1
carbon of the vegetable | »
fur ill-> cur-
a r
with th'1
rebellious substances, as lienee a legume to any plau that carbonic
in surprised tunes; words you gave
tain I'm not--
Time's up! the Londoner said, triumphantly. Why didn't you spell th, third word—w-r-o-n-gf
Hesse.
a little extra r venue bachelors twenty-five per cent, more than marred men. The result of the law, which was only enacted something over a year ago, has been that well-to-do bachelors have emi-
must

F	.
,*4f	morning, when all thaw has
| . * tbSiloPPed by the night'» cold, there 1 le deathly silence over the glacial the mountain cataracts
bunk gas on certain already described.
U far superior
but little or no
scum from
crop pro duces acid gas.
it on a water to
fields, even t,ll noiselessly from the precipice to ledge in tenuous, windblown threads. But with the rising of the sun the whole glacial world bursts to life in Surface rivulets brawl


half cover it.
to boil again keep the will merely
MO Olid EVITONS.
traveler arrived at th« inn, and after
many grated to Prussia.
Greece has found away

BaTwoon.
peculiarities, South
water begins kettle where the water bubble gently, and he sure tits tightly to keep in
minutes to the pound, not enough
of raising amusements without a dir-
A belated

THE DAIRY COVV.
feeding
that the

daor of a country
difficulty succeeded in rousing the proprietor sufficiently plU bis bead out of a window and a-k
what was wanted.
to stop here all night.
* the " sneexcwood k,-s its name from the Cannot cut it with a the fine
Ami
Al'rict tree, fact saw dust Even in pi times cause
money ou
We do not believe in stuffing cows
srt&rzæc
jours the standard daily ration tor a cow weighing 1.0UU pound, was -4
toVwrai Macaco it aits found that standard could not be followed.
could not digest and much, while others need-
The government has a mono-
Liie steam.
much
ect tax.
pdy in playing-cards, and from inis source draws a considerable annua1 Paris is glad to increase its few dollars a year by a little state
fur him ’18
cover
noisy tumult.	.
the ice with a glee that is vocal Tbe gurgle of
Allow twenty but cook it till tender, yet for it to fall apart, i. I
over
eiud alin-et human.
flowing through subterranean of a rush-
11
Remove to the
Imesing, as !y the effect of snufr. , tbe wood it will some-sneexiug. No insect, worm, or barnacle will touch it. It isv ery bitter to the taste, and its specific gravity ia heavier than water. The color brown, the grain very close

one ; one.
and untruss and have made with
1 want
Well, you can do so, was idle answea the irate innkeeper slummed the down and went buck to bed.
rivers
tunnels becomes a roar, as
, icegrip no longer holds
loosened by the n gh'"e
1
revenue by a tbe cultivai#* of orchard in the Luxembourg Gardens, it takes its share of the pro-
platter, unwrap ready a thick cream sauce chicken jelly and cream and thickened Spread this sauce all and decorate it with
lug, angry sea
and window
Iw k io k -ere-
and there is the reverberating „f the falling avalanche.
with egg yolks, the bird
flagelota and boiled carrot
just as fils of the Eiffel Tower.
•w
frost, thunder
over
U1S CANDID OPINION. Binicus—One can not believe every, thing he hears.
Cynicus—No ; does not hear. About half of what one takes for granted is false.
cut
of heaven the Prince of moat of his wealth, for
To the snow Palermo owes he has a monopoly of it. The snow U brought at night in basket* from tie mountains ot Sicily, and is shipped and sold for réfrigérât-
capers,
in fancy shapes. Have another cream ^ i^ht
flavored with stewed and aifted aml hard. It is a nice-looking wood
For do< k

MEKKTON'3 opinion.
free agent I in-
this
a Luce some cows assimilât© su ed more.
So another standard ed to which the amount of milk yielded daily was made the basis. But we find that the new formula is » detective as was the first one prescribed because milk varies greatly m regar to the amount of solids it contains. A cow that gives milk containing a very high per cent of solids needs food to produce a given quan-
MR.
sauce
celery to serve range boiled rice cooked so tbe grains are eoft but dry and distinct, around the bird, and garnish with an outer of fringed celery »nd the yel-
ls a married man a
with the turkey. Ar-
and takes a good polish.
everything one
nor
jetties It is a useful
qui red the cynic.	.
answered Mr. Merkton, it is man to give an matter except on
work, piers or timber, lasting a long time while un-
formulat-
Well,
was
to the towns tog purposes. The Sutton
Impossible for a opinion on much a personal information. Judging from the way he gets out and solicits work and makes collections and turns the profits into headquarters, I should say there was so doubt about hi* be-lug an agent. As to his being a free agent—I shouldn't feel like expressing Without consulting Henri-
der water.
j
Urban Council in England ke ps down taxes by the industry ot growing peppermint. l<ast year about seven hundred and thirty dollars was saved to the ratepayer* by selling peppermint grown on a sewage
border low le&ves.
an ENGLISH VIEW.
Old Boy. And you never carry am umbrella! How's thett
Swell. Well, yt* see, id you have ,e umbrella people think you've only eult ot clothes.
FOUND OUT. believe, said the grocer, in weighing my words well.
Yes, said the man who was getting the sugar, and I always notice that you do considerable talking around the scales when you're putting thing» up for me.
I always
ROABI GOOSE, should not be more than
The gooee eight months old. and tbe fatter, the more tender mod juicy tbe meat. A •green goose." four month» old, le the choicest. KiU et least 84 hours before

farm.
more
my views
eUa,
i

r

i
/ t

it
a à


»
###PAGE###4###


â.




(

f1’
X-i
¦









Æ

>
r
—0*-
THE EQUITY.
'VT~\r,
Ottawa & Gatineau Railway Co. and Pon. Pac. Junction Railway Co.
THE MARKETS.
!
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS . . . SHAWVILLE . . .
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 70 to 75c. Oats per bushel, 00 to 24e. Tease per bushel, 00 to 57r. Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. Kggs, per dozen, 13c llutter, per pound, 17 to 18c. Wool, per pound, 10 to IS'. Veils, each, 00 to 75c.
Turkeys, 8 to diets,
Cleese, 5 to SJcts. t hickens, 5 to Slots.
Ducks, (0 to7vts,
Pork. 6f tolljets.
Beef, $4.00 per 1001b*.
Hides, $5.00 to Ç5.B0.
SHAWVILLE, DEC. ‘27, 1900.
Xmas and New Year Rules.
One single first • class fare, for round trip, good going Dee. 22i»l, 20td. _4lh and 28th, and to return until 20th,
Also going Dev. tilUli, ttotli, :il't and fan. 1st, and to return until Jan. 2nd, loot.
One single first-class fare and one third for round trip, good going Dec. 21st, 22ml. Bird, 2ttU and 28th, and to return until 27th. film.
Also going Dee. 28th, 2H!li, •'«ItIt, :11st and Jan. 1st, and to return until Jan. tiril. IW1.
School vacations, students and teachers, one single first class fare and one third, for round trip, good going Dec silt to-'tl't. Inclusive, and to return until Jan, 20th, Ittlil.
• .

The Ontario Liberal organizations are » .irking to get control of the municipal councils. The municipal councils have v msiderablo to do with the preparation of the voter's list. The reason for the partir in desire is fairly plain.
.)
Special

The Season fi
Bargains STOVES
Is now In
DALElROS.
The immigration returns for the year now closing show a considerable advance —about 50,000 having come to our shores as against 52,000 last year. But the increase is almost entirely in foreign muni grants. Their number has nearly doubled 31,000 against 10,000 - while the immigrants of British origin have only increased from 10,214 to 18,724. Even this small increase is gratifying, but it can hardly be said to be satisfactory.
1
II
U
»
Alf. Howard,
t
OTTAWA
l
i n

Butter, print, 24c. per lb.
“ pails, 19 to 23e. per lb. Kggs. fresh, 23c. per iloz. Potatoes, 40 to 45c. per bag. Apples, 15 to 75e. per Img. Lamb, 7 to 9e. per lb.
Mutton, Il to8c. perlh.
Beef, 81 to 51c, per lb.
Pork. $6.50 to $6.75 per 100. Chickens, 85 to 55c. a pair. Oats, 25 to 20c. per bushel. Hay, $9.00 to $11.00 per ton. Wool, 11 to 17c. per lb.
I
AGENT FOR
Fed. Life Assurance Go.
j
CUTTERS
and ROBES
Of Hamilton, Ont,,
SHAWVILLE, I
Are prepared to the public with Bt< reef of all kinds at lov st possible priées f
!
Conley Church
Organs, Pianos
Sewing Machines.
The longer the ballot system of voting remains in operation, the greater is the number of blunders that occur in connection therewith. In the late elections they have been glaringly numerous—and strange to say, chiefly owing to the ignorance or incapacity of blundering officials, whose chief qualification to the positions seems to have been in most cases their undoubted partisanship. The latest blunder to come under notice occurred in the local election for St. John’s, whereby Mr. L’Henreux loses his seat owing to one of the deputy returning officers hsr-ing made the mistake of numbering the ballot paper with the poll-book number in addition to putting his initials thereon. Sixty-six votes were thus (fleeted and deducted from the total count, which left the opposing candidate with a nominal majority. The incident seems to show that a strict interpretation of the law not only does a gross injustice to a candidate but also practically defeats the will of the people whom it was destined to serve. There is evidently something wrong with the ballot which requires a speedy remedy if such gross injustices are to cease.
and
Office and Residence opposite Dr, I.yon’s. tihawville.

PONTIAC
Young Cattle Astray.
to clear out stock.
Best Chance of tlje Season—Don’t miss It 1
Notice to Debtors.
WOOLLEN
Strayed ou to the premises of the undersigned three yearling cattle two heifers and one steer. Steer and one heifer red and white ; one heifer red, Thè owner Is requested to call and pay expense incurred and remove the animals at once.
it. T. ARMSTRONG.
Clarke's Station.
As I am about to remove from Bristol, 1 desire to notilly all (parties indebted to by note or book account to settle the same as soon aa convenient with my hru flier Lyons Lucas, with whom I have arranged to transact business for me during my absence.
me
•TAS. A. LI CAS.
SMART & SMITH.
SUz
This well-known ami re establishment will be. futfnd this season fully prejduetil as usual to meet th% n-l ¦quirements of the 'fanner*
MILL
Caldwell, Dev: 21, 1000.


Public Notice.
IMPORTANT


Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Shawville.
To the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Mu nicipality Public Notice is hereby given by •1. Ft. Horner, the undersigned Secretary Treasurer of the aforesaid Municipality ; That a public meeting of the Municipal Electors of said Municipal!! v, qualified to vote for Municipal Councillors, will be held at the town hall in the said Municipality. on Monday the llth day of January next. 1901. at ten o'clock In the forenoon, for the purpose of then and there electing three Councillors of the said Municipality, pursuant to the provisions of the Municipal Code of the Province of Quebec, to re
TO


HOC RAISERS. FOR SERVICE.
E


¦ns
. mss

gHf{ISTIV!/\S GIFTS
THAT MAKE § I! THE HEART GL^D
V; vw 5
\	Is w hat you want to present to your
\ ' ! \ wA	friends. A useful present I» always appre-
\ 'f VMyvHF	elated by the recipient. Wo have a mag-
nificent stock of—
'
Pure bred registered Berkshire I log for service. Pec one dollar.
Apply to 15. BROWNLEE,
Sliawville.
of the county. *•
Our stock of Clot I)
Including all the finest makes Is


FOR SERVICE.
i I

<L

-, — A(	« »	.	,,	n	White Yorkshire Hog “ Frank'—one
nlaet* Messrs. Jghii A. to wan, (ivorgv «enrôle! ; took first prises nt Shawville ex Hynes and fc. I'red Hodg.ns, retiring hlhltlon this year and last. I’ee-75 cents.
luAsHthdayoflkcemlwrone	Apply to HUItT. WILSON
thousand nine hundred.	Clarendon.
SERGES, TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, &c. &c.,
NEW POLICY NECESSARY. So says Hugh John Macdonald.
*
•I. R. HORNER, Sec. Treas.
Toronto, Dec. 20.—A World special from Winnipeg says Hugh John Macdonald, speaking at the banquet to Premier Itoblin, said the Conservative party would have to adopt a policy in keeping with the spirit of the times. The party were handicapped at the late election by the fact that their policy, body and bones and breeches was stolen, and they could not attack their own policy when it was advocated by the Liberals. He foresaw great danger from the action of J. 1. Tarte raising the race cry in Quebec, lie paid a high tribute to the statesmanship of Sir Charles Topper. As to the new leader the House would produce the man.
FOR SERVICE.



BLV
Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog.
$1.00 for 1 sow, or $2.1X1 for three sows. Apply to S AM I. KNOX,
Lot 1, Oil» Con. Clarendon.
Fee—
»
should have less than a ninth of the re presentation in Parliament is one of the most remarkable occurrences in connection with popular elections. It is blinding those who only look on the surface to the facts of the case. The party has been hurt in the province, of course; but that is all. It is still a force in both French and English constituencies, and when it recovers its breath, and the process is going on, it will be ready to do its share with the party in the other provinces to reverse the judgment! that have I lately gone against it. What the Liberal chiefs in the province are doing shows that they do not consider it dead, and its friends should bo as wise as its enemies.—Montreal flazotte
will he found choice mid complete in 4 respect, anil at money-saving priais.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION IN VI#


=4#
BW
Fine Perfumes, Albums Photo Frames, Albums,
Xmas Cards and
Calendars,
Books, Booklets, &c.
FOR SERVICE.
A. HODCINS,
PROROPRIETO

;
Purebred Berkshire for service. Fee, one dollar. Apply to
ALEX, IL KILOOVR,
Tth Range Clarendon.
J

F/\tt
FOR SERVICE.

Come Early !
Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog, Davi*.
Champion (No. 3773), bred by E. lire Make your selections before the (hour, of Hurford, Out. Took 1st at Ter- I'-st day. Yon will lu- better served onto and 2nd at Ottawa In 181)9. Fee—one and it w ill also give us a better
chance to please you.
Conservatism in Quebec.
GOODS I
dollar.
WM. HODGINS,
Portage du Port.
The result of the elections to the Legislature of this province, coming after the Laurier sweep in the parliamentary contest, lias created opinions about the Conservative party in Quebec that a calm
review of the circumstances fails to justi- Sir Ch,irIe9 Tu	wa, ban,,netted by
ty. The story of the old prophet who the Conservatives of Winnipeg at the Uespa,red because ini .11 Israel he alone Uland Uolel „„ lnwde, 'Bight last, was left of the true faith ha. been repeat Covers were laid for 2M guest, and ed many tones ta history, and is being a„,ong those present wore all the leading repeated in a way now by those Censer Conservatives of the West with Ac n-
*•»n-™- v. -
mm
party has suffered from a se ries of rebuffs and mischances the like of which is not often paralleled. It was shaken in 1885 and 188ti, when it took a statesman's stand on the issue raised by the Saskatchewan troubles and the execution of Louis Riel. After its recovery in the elections of 1892 it entered on another unfortunate period when political events at Ottawa gave the province a lieutenant-governor with whom Mr. DeBoucherville, who lyad just led in a successful cam, paigd, could not serve. Then Mr. Tail-bin left to enter the parliamentary contest, and a new premier had to face another campaign with the forces that had made Mr. Detioucherville an impossibility secretly or openly against him. Mean time Mr. Mercier had died, and hia death reawakened in a remarkable way the French nationalist spirit he had done so much to create, and Sir Wilfrid Laurier rose to power on its swelling force. He gave hia aid to the provincial Liberals in the election of 1897, and the combination was too strong for the Flynn Government.
The dissolution of this year came as a surprise. The weeks after t
time to organize, and weak counsel where strong words should have come from did the rest. The strength of the Conservative party in the province is neither to be judged, however, by the sixty majority that supports Mr. Parent in the Legislature nor by the fifty-eight members that in Parliament range themselves behind Sir Wilfrid Laurier and Mr. Tarte. The former represented a snatched verdict that could not bo repeated. The latter do not have in the constituencies a backing that justifies their number. Approximately accurate figures of the parliamentary elections have been prepared. They •how that the total vote for Conservative candidate» in 1900 was as great as in 1896.
There were over one hundred thousand ballots marked for Conservative nominees. to a hundred and thirty-three thousand given to Liberal candidates, eervatives got three-sevenths of the vote esst. That, with such support, they
Desirable Property for Sale.
THE DRUG STORE
shawville,’;que.
Sir Charles Honored.
il



The undersigned offer.-, for sale hi* farm property, desirably situated in th* Front of Clarendon Township, being Jot ,Vo. ;i. on the 3rd range thereof, tv:3 containing one hundred acres (more - ,r less) of good land, till tillable, with a bout 70 acres cleared of stumps and stones, and well fenced. The soil consist» of sandy loam with clay and lay loam, and the premises arc excellently watered. Un the farm arc erected a good log house, suitable size ami well finished inside ; log stable and piggery ; new frame barn with cow stall underneath ; old log barn and sheds suitable for storage of hay or grain.
Tills farm which is well adapted for stock purposes, is situated -t miles from Shawville and31 from Bristol Kerry, and Is convenient to church and school. The property will be sold reasonable for cash, or half cash down, with balance in yearly payments at 6 per cent interest, l’or further particulars apply to the owner.
9AS. T. CALDWELL, Massey. Out..
! or C. CALDWELL, Shawville.
Our customers will find is well stocked up with a good . . line of . . 1
Wg are Agents for.
The Winchester
SEASONABLE GOODS > ,
'
uf all kinds for
s
Rifle.
&3Q
BÀLtarnsw
¦

Fall & Winter Trade

'«a
and a comparison of prices will show that we are in it with the best of them for ! good values and satisfactory dealing,
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.

Winchester loaded Shot Shells^ 16,12 and 10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at $1.50 per hundred.
IVjcDOUGALL and GUINEAS Hardware Stores, Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.

RUBBERS

i
SIL^S YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
Public Notice,
L
«
n

Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice is hereby given that a public meeting of the proprietors of real estate and resident housen nlclpiility of Clarendon will be held in the town hall In the village of Shawville on Monday the 14th day of th uary, 1901, at the hour of ten In the morning, to proceed with the election of two councillors in the room and stead of Thomas Mncfarlatie and Thomas Prendergast, Esqrs., whose terra of office has expired.
Given at Shawville this 11th day of December, 1900.
H. MATHESOX, Sec.-Treas.

» *
Agents, Why Don’t You Send for a Free Prospectus

r
ciders of the Mu-
FRESH and CURED
&

m
* '


e month of Jan-
MEATS:

will outwear two pairs of Ordinary Common Rubbers.
Search the World and you will find nothing’ better than
of Canada’s Sons on Kopje and Veldt 1 It is the latest book out.

An agent just
reports 51 sales in 8 days, another 26 in 4 days. Big Book, sumptuously illustrated, and is so cheap it sells on sight.
of all kinds at
polling waa aet for three he notice. There was not
StoîjH1
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. Ch McGUIRE,
Fend for a FREE PROSPECTUS before you sleep, and make money easy and quick.

CEO. HYNES,
Dmifahd by Every Rubber Manufacturer and Dealer, but no imitation has ourspecially Manufactured Rope Canvas or Duck, the only fabric which can be thoroughly impregnated with the Para Gum.
When worn out have leather sole put on and use for a Plow Boot.
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
BRANTFORD, ONT.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - . QUE.
Proorletor.
.303 Calibre.


—a-

The J. D. KingCo. .Limite^ have


the only genuine
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Stoiw

Rubber.
Don't buy unless the words are stamped upon the sole of each Rubber ; all others are frauds upon the Public.
Savage Magazine Rifle.

IN UNDERTAKING

I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
_z„.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.
\
Con-
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Writ* for complete Im Catalogue,
One rifle takes six different cartridges. Point Blank Range for Hunting.

O B
,RM!
O©., UTICA, N. T„ U. S. AMERICA.
1
I
<1
¦
.M
1



J
i


###PAGE###5###
t r
i
/

%

¦


THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No. *78.
tï.b.Ej
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interest».
pc au» men Kvaar tiivrsoav AT 8HAWVILLK, Co. PONTIAC, QUE, SUBSC«IPTION-$i.OO 4 YEAH 14 ADVANCE. NW* No paper «topped until all arrearage» « paid, unie»» by «peelal arrangement wltb ublliher.
A LETTER


THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, limited.
'
^1,1, %
Me»H the 4th Wednei-I day or every month.
/ Court due» most be paid y promptly arerymouth.
V'liltlng brethren cordially Invited,


County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
FROM



A. SMILEY, Prop.
J. A, Cowan, R 8.
H. 9. Rar.nett.F.S
SANTA ? GLAUS !
J. W. Kadhs, C. R'
t

ADVERTISING RATES :
t-egal advertising, eight mite per line for first Insertion and four rente per Hue for each subsequent Ineerlion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 11.00 per year.
Iswial announcements Inserted at the rate of live rente per line for It ret Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising liy the month or for longer period* Ineeried at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertleemenle received without instruction» accompanying them will be Ineeried until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death nolleea published free ofeharge. Obituary poetry tu cents per Hue.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
8* Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
LUMBER AOENTÏ.
\
##################
B
il
Lumber of All Kinds Bought and Sold,
»
FOR

Fhost Town, Dec. 10, 1000.
CUNSIUNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt Returns-
Commlielon Bualnee» a Specialty.
?
t
SLEIGHS, CUTTERS, ROBES, BLANKETS, HARNESS, WHIPS, BELLS, &c:,
Mu. G. F. Hoduins,
Dear Sir :
Ini:
Allow me to inform that I will make my regular visit to Shaw ville on Xmas Eve, and I take pleasure in intimating that you have heey appointed Commander in-Chief for the distribution of the immense stock of Dolls, Games and Toys which I have sent Kindly show all the dear little
you
I
! ('('
l
RüKRBKt ** IT P«»MI8»IU* :
D«nln Murphy, Prci. Ottvwa Traoinorti’i n Co. K. W* Avery,, Hull Lumber Co,
J. T. Hlilrrlf, K II. Eil.ly Co Lnldifortl A McDougall, Barrister,,
John Roney A Mous.
H N. a.tr ASon.
I.

JOB PRINTING.
All kind» of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order» by mall promptly a Wended to.
»
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publlaher.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR, JOHN SI^ITIt, Proprietor.
s
'I
Business Cards.
b
m i
MEDICAL.
you.
boys and girls through these goods and allow them to select anything which may suit their infantile fancy. All are wel-

F. M. A. McNaughtoq,

The spot for—
«

Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. It, II Knox, Shawville,
Office hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, on A Clean Shave.
f
I
CALL AT
tT Your Turn next.

come. Hoping to see all the ladies and children at your store,

D. B. ALEXANDERS. D., C. M.,

wt
-SMILEY’S.
I

F. T. M. C.
,	' ' ' Ormdtïate of Trinity Unlvenlty, Toronto ; Graduate
T	of Vie tort» Unlveraltjr, Toronto. Fellow by
I «amination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. e, Orrica axd Ruiitr.scck : J. II Ahmstronu's Ilooai, • V	MAIN' STREET - - 8IIAWVII.I.K.
" j =
I am, sir,
Yours sincerely, SANTA CLAUS.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
end


JEWELLER



m
, KEF. re A SKLECT STOCK OF WATCHES,
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. WLVERWARE die. &e.
LEGAL.
########

M


CHRISTMAS
WANTS
'
m
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L, l L,
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
WILL VISIT SlIAWYlLLK EVERY MONDAY,



•it
eh,


The reputation of this Store for always carrying in stock at this season the latest Novelties in Christmas Goods is still maintained and fully endorsed.
%
Mg



1

Rbpawino—
a 8iKriAt.rrr.

’ I
h
WM. GAMBLE,
SHAWÏILU, 5.
i 1
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Itooin ‘JO, Trust Building, No, 1b Sparks St., Ottawa, Out.
At SUawvllle, second and fourth TUui»day of each month.
Office over O. F. Hodglns' Store. Main 81.
e e •
('

SUPPLIED AT THE
e e •
We wish you a Merry Xmas and Happy New Year. We thank you for past favors, and solicit orders. Many returns.
District and Country*
| The PALACE GROCERY
,(
your present
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,

Misa Annie Moore went to Ottawa on Monday returning on Saturday. t Mr. Kjbt. Moorhead, of the Gillies’
Croa. Co , can.e down on Tuesday to rush up teams fur drawing.
Mr. Jas. Gagnon, Portage du Fort, passed here on Tuesday.
Mr. John Thomson, Govt. Bush
__ Ranger, was here on hie way to ttie
woods Tuesday.	The British force detached after Haaes
.Mrs John Farrell left Tuesday for the 'oUek came in contact with hia commando West to visit relatives311 Pbr* D-iVur ar.d at nightfall. The burthen were scatter» other joint*. '	ed and the Welah YeotSanry galloped
Mr. U McDowell, of Clarendon, was among the retreating Boers using their here Tuesday and also Friday.	revolvers and the butt ends of the'.r rifles
Mr. A. Fraser, lumberman of Ottawa, with great effect, waa in this section this week making eon tracts for limy and oats, all of which will
«T^ta afHc.
¦Biss
mm
tes	s
!EF"' “d 5^*
Wishing you the compliments of the Sans Ceremonies


ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-,
G. F. HODGINS.
«

UK THE PROVINCE OK QUEBEC,
Trust Building—
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa. Phone No. 1178.
üssa
We take pleasure in calling the attention of intending purchasers to our large and select stock of CHRISTMAS and HOLIDAY Goods :
Staple and Fancy Groceries,
Best brands Green aqd Black Teas,
Chase & Saqborn’s “ Seal Brand ” Coffee.
High-class Confectionery—all kinds,
Dried, Evaporated and Green Fruits.
Fancy China and Glassware, Novelties of every Description. Children’s Toys in endless variety.
0

f
Attende courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
W. W. IRELAND,
Canada Atlantic Ry.
k
^'.«rkofUie District Magistrate»- Court.
• Conamlfcioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, racuiriy**' el°"****ut*d legally «nd suits-
SH A JVVILLE
CHRISTMAS and NEW YEAR.

QUE.
S A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
HOTAlr PVIII.t l. NOTARY FOR THE Muance loan and havings CO.. UF ONTARIO. money to loan ox easy terms. BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will ie in Shaw ville on Tuesday and Sat-delay of every week.
HOLIDAYS !

4 SINGLE PARE.
Going December 2Ut; 22nd. 23rd, 21th and 23th. ’ Returning until Dec. Jtith. Going Dec. 28th, Until 81st and Jan. 1st, Returning until Jir, 2nd.
FARE AND ONS THIRD.
Going Dec. 21st, 22nd, Jrd, 2)tn and «Hit, Returning until Dec. 27th Going Dec. 28th, 2Ht.h, .'illth, 31st. and Jan. 1st, Returning until Jan. 8rd.
1
..s


WILLIAM ELLIOTT
TV urK OF TrIE SUPERIOR COURT Miawviltc.Que., r-speettully solicite eotatemi-nteror auy business tu connection With,au Courtiln the County, .'oltccttouB
m«d ad p-omp tret urn ««Mured
g
>
V

For Commercial Travellers. Teachers, returning for the l^iiidnys special arrange.
For all Information apply nearest agent.
fl
4
Call and inspect Goods.
Prices Right.
J. J. TURNER^
LICENSED AUCTIgNKËRfor the Co'.mty j>n ..^en ‘««swnJu ted In a business-like and MUSifcei-ory manner. Good* or article* of an.v kind taken nnd dikpo.ted of by publie or private kale on reaeonable terms, rub-lie	conducted at Shawville once a
month- A variety of articles always on haal for sale: OlHce : Bhawville,Que.
e
J. E. WALSH,
A sel. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE PALACE GROCERY - - - SHAWVILLE.
t
V
NOTICE.
1
Notice is hereby given that an application will be made to the Parliament of Canada at the next session thereof for an Act incorporating a Railway Company to construct a line of Railway from some point on the Ottawa River, in the County of Pontiac, in or between the Township of Onslow and the mouth of the Dumoine River, thence by the most feasible route to the district drained by the Coulonge, Black and Dumoine Rivers, and thence northerly to the shore of James' Bay ; and to amalgamate with, lease or enter into traffic arrangements with anv other railway company authorized to build lines of railway along or near the said route, or any part thereof.
Farmers !
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
N ST., QUYOIV
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress,
We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will enable you to carry off prizes in bread competition at the county fair every time.
We can sell you at lowest prices Flour, Grain, Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
tir FULL STOCK ALWAYS ON HAND.
i
l
J-
season,
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al-war» well furnished.
F:mt-class Livery Attached.
Drowned in Sight of Hundreds.
How De Wet got Away.
Chatham, Oat., Dec. 23 —The firet fatal accident for this season in the river Thames occurred on Saturday night between 7 and 8 o'clock when an unknown man of some twenty five years of age met a watery grave under moat sen sational circumstances. The scene of the accident was at the rear of Riverside terrace, a fashionable residential row in the west end of the city. The neighborhood was startled by screams emanating from the river. The cries for help brought a crowd to the scene, but none could be of any help. It was practically jumping into the jaws of death to attempt to go out on the thin ice, and none ventured. w"° wa> drowned in the Thames here on Boards were pushed out towaida the Saturday night proves to have been Patdrowning man, but they failed to reach nek Kennedy, a well known resident of anywhere near him for he was yards away Bothwell.
fiom the shore. These futile efforts seem- Mr Kennedy was forty years of age ed to urge the man tc continue the strug- and a widower with a son and daughter, gle, and as he tried to pull himself out J- W- Dwyer, grocer of this city, iden the ice slowly crushed beneath his weight. Pitied the body. The finding of a coat Meanwhile an alarm had been sent to the on Marthe «Ireet containing a letter ad-tire department, and the ladder truck re dressed to Nora Kennedy, Bothwell, has sponded promptly. Quickly the ixten- rai,ed .* «uspicion of foul play in conncc •ion ladder was sent out towards the vie- ucm with the drowning. The coat is that tiin, but when succor was almost near he the drowned man, and is said to bear disappeared engulfed by the ehilly walera blood «tains, and a theory advanced ia of tho Thames. This all occurred under that lho man mey bave been attacked and the gaze of a hundred people wno were robbed, as he wss known to have had towerleea to save the man’s life. No considerable money and none was found mats were kept near at hand. The sight in hie pockets. It is presumed Kennedy of the man meeting death after a bat'le wa* rendered unconscious and upon re aith icy waters was one which caused a covering wandered in the dark towards thrill throughout the throng. Early this th« lighted streets on the opposite side of morning the body was recovered.	the river. This may account for hie be*
Chatham, Ont., Dec. 24.-The men ing on the ice.
OSE OF OF THE MOST DAR1XU MOVES OF THE WAR.
f
ESTABLISHED 1886
The Shawville
Sash and
DOOR

CHRYSLER & BETHUNE, Solicitors for Applicants. Ottawa, December 18th, 1900.
r i

Bloemfontein, Dec. 20.—Thursday.— The details of Gen. De Wet's escape from the encircling British column# describe one of the boldest incidents of the war.
When Haaebroek’s command joined De Wet Dec. 12, 15 miles west of Thaba N'Chu, Gen. Knox was only about an hour distant and the Boer situation ap peared serious.
De Wet was equal to the occasion. Despatching Haaeabroek westward to make a feint at the Victoria Nek, De Wet prepared to break through the British col umne atSpringhaau Nek Pass, about four miles of broad, flat, unbroken ground. At the entrance were two fortified posts. Artillery was posted eastward watching the Bocia. Suddenly a magnificent spectacle was presented. The whole floor army of 2,500 men started at a gallop in open order through the nek.
President Steyn and Petit Fourie led the charge and DeWet brought up the rear. The British guns and rifles boomed and rattled incessantly. The Boers first tried the eastward route, but encountering artillery they diverged and galloped to the foot of the hill, where the fire of only a single post was effective, The whole manoouver was a piece of magnificent daring and its success was complete in spite of the loss of a fifteen pounder and twenty five prisoners.


W00D WANTED.

The nndersigned is prepared to receive tenders for 100 cords of stove wood (soft and hard.) Also 25 cords of cord wood. Wood to be delivered any time during the winter.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO.
—ALL KINDS OF— '
Interior & Exterior
GEORGE CATER.

FINISH FOR
Sreaes it Verandahs $
MANUFACTURED.
JAS. GRAHAM,

1st;
=8
DC’OnS, SASII, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED LUMBER, lie. he ,
K«pt in stock and mule to order. LUMBER DRESSED AT POFULARf RICES.
Furniture Dealer ânÉ Undertaker...


McCREDIE & HODGINS.

SUCCESSOR TO
CUTHBERTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT, Main Street - (Opposite G. F. Hodgins’) - Shaw ville.
A first-class stock of Furniture of all kinds now on hand, including some special bargains in Lounges and Parlor Suites.
UNDERTAKING CALLS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO
Eetimatea furnished.

e^o


Will be Tried for Murder.

4
Fx-Fircman Charles O'Reillv, of Ottawa, will have to stand trial charge of murdering Mrs. May Atchieson, who died in the Water Street hospital on Friday, from injuries alleged to have been inflicted by O'Reilly on Thursday during a quarrel.
on the



f
1
Y.

-A
/


: i
i
A

###PAGE###6###
r«


r""> -
i r-
» -



1



F
I
the dim
notice nothing emiH».
nd her
light of the feat child would iliarp a» she wan.
•• Come in," *he called, *a
It In toto, and riiort of poai
d«ny
live denial she would listen to no ex was a quarrel, «
(to Christmas Party
i he skipper down to the h nimbi est
deck hand, prudently kept out of the way, for 1 had n*> desire to be thought to pre previous acquaintanee
C The Man Who Knows. |
%wwwm mww'w
ly creature! For six week» or more 1 should be able to see
It seemed almosd too good to Instinctively 1 began
I
And this being so,
planation. There broken engagement, and Jack Rata-went West, leaving his sweet heart well nigh broken-hearted, with only duty to console her ; and sometimes duty is the beat consolation one
the knock
ton
was repeated.
" Here's a gentleman the child said, with the air of a per, "lie say» fx
I brougot him
to see you,"
sumo ou our Whether she nut iced this 1 cannot tell, but at iitvy rate her manner to when we did speak was more cordial than 1 had any right or sun to expect it would be Seeing this.
wanting people on
Misa Aekermanu opened her eyes tr • he sunsine withh a startled feeling ,f having overslept herself; then -loetsl them again at the sound til the chimes from the church around Christmas
who confers a favor.
son
la an old friend, au
" Misa Acker mann, r«mein-
oan have.
ini'
rca-
if he had been loss im|>atient there would have t*«en no trouble. Dr. Bland did not understand the effect which a broken heart «omet lines produces u|i-the body. Mr. Aeket-ruanu died before the winter was over. Jack llals-
ho heard
right up,
hered that it, being Christmas day, I ho maid would no out, and that con-sfquently the little gin would answer
Side by side we proceeded down the pash, through the gates and out Into the street.
lier every
there were not board who scoffed and sneered at the i so of h Colonials, erst irjr s da g -noticing so humble a person as
For it w»»
i tie corner.
.lay, the one day, burring Sundays. In which she could really ami
day I
A nest brougham
alongside the kerb,
to
be true.
make all sorte of plans amt preparations. Who know but
must bring ourselves up sha 11
was drawn up and towards this she made hed way. t opened the door and held it tor her to get in. But before she did so she and stretched out her
i he year,
truly call her own. She was that overworked individual, a popular dressmaker, going oui by the day, and -he sometimes wished, with E l*. Hoes old doctor, that people would send for somebody else sometimes and let her rest. On the last First of July shB had been in the country, sewing tor
belated
on
the door.
"Thank you," "he said,	m“>
found herself ftme to broomed and bearded familiar, he said, in th* well, "here I am
what—but
¦ i
myself, ami when it becamoknewu exact social position was these malicious wins
ton came home as soon as
but Miss Ackertmann bad
go." Then she face with the
wbane eyes only were
stay, we here with a round turn, or wo,
what my l promise you perings did not cease.
two or
the news, gone to the city with a cousin of her mol lier, and was olslurate ; her filial affection found satisfaction in refusing to forgive lier lover who had debar father's death. She would see him, and ao the affair
turned to me little band.
be anticipating what's to come.
To make a Long story short—fur it „ must be remembered that what 1 am is uuly the prelude to all
man,
" Well, Annie," voice she knew so once more."
IShe held out eager gesture, cried.
three day
name, that
“Will you tell me your
•poke agalu.	__
### âSsaë hie::: . .........................
grateful to you ^ ^	we had ous craft of all nationalities and sizes, on earth can have put such a noli |(if| „f ,lume e,c„,ti„g its memories 6ring. The fiance of
1 line
out before me, when 1 heard a voice 1 your trading ventui m	g, .,3, Miss Acker ma nn on the bureau; I always carry it
recognised only too well say behind Seas, and even o join mpes o	. . (b Tpry much and would around to keep me out of temptation,
me	tuiure. Now. however, alt that is thanked^   ple6sare- ,ha. guArdUn angel business, you know,
she gave 1 he little girl the present Min; and he saw it. You know peo-she bad ready for her, a stylish young pie say you two look alike and the ladv doll, dressed in the latest fashion, likeness comes out strong in that pbo-wiih coat and hat complete, a gift to. It struck him all of a heap. *-which made ils recipient radiant, and cuse me,' he said, but will you
her off to exhibit it at once. me whose picture that 1st It loons •• Ousi'a Christmas Gifts,’ very much like some one 1 knew ten
One evening, after we had left Colombo behind ns. standing at the rails on the little abaft the

1 was
both hands, with an " Oh, Jack, Jack," she
sired not even ended.
promenade deck, a smoking-room eul ranee,
Welherell came up and Look her place She looked very dainty
life, in order to finish a
, and on Thunksgiv-
.livir
bridal trousseau
ing she had worked until dark to nc-custoiuor who wished lo sister-in-law at a family the house of her hus-Christmas day
when Mi-
and she was sobbing
A moment more on his shoulder, while his arms held though they would never lot when Mr. Ralston his wife, lie tells hi#
Well, it was too late now, and she fool to be dreaming of it
ended, and the music of
beside me. and sweet in her evening dross, and 1 felt, if 1 had known her better, should have liked lo tell her so.
•Mr. natteras," said she, when we discussed the weather and the "1 have been thinking lately
commodate a tit shine her
The
was a

her as her go. And now.
gathering at band's father, but on
the most exacting customer
sermon was the organ roused her to the conscious-of things present and to come;
wishes to tease friend that after making him wait leu last with the
not even
ness
she took part with the congregation of the service, and then hurried home to make a hasty toilet
had
could ask Imr services.
years, she helped him at
she glad it was Christ-
in the rest
And yet—was mas t The associations which cluster around the season, make it a sorrow-who have nothing
courting.
Weth-
"What
Miss
for dinner.
There was only a quiet family gath-the oldest

authors in parliament.
the Brills!


4


SCtM’O.
street-
f
old fogies and disappointed all>
Now
spinsters can say what they please i about love at first sight. Cm uot a r^qyiiltc sort of person—far from it tf life 1 had hitherto led uot of a nature calculated to ! belief iu that sort oft thing.
out was
.


—the sort
HI
not

was
foster a
But if 1 wasn’t over head and ears in love when 1 resumed my walk that well, I’ve never known what

evening,
appreciation In the United States for and Sir It.
the passion is.
A daiuter, prettier, sweeter little walked the earth
its candor and accuracy;
Oxford professor and
angel surely never than the girl 1 had just been permitted the opportunity of rescuing, and from that moment forward 1 found my thoughts constantly reverting to her.
C. Jebb, the author of a noteworthy translation ol Sophocles, are among the older group who served in the old Parliament and been re-elected to the n> w. Mr. J. Balfour, the government
changed. It U 'Good-morning, Misa
Miss
I must
"Aud so good-bye to you, deait old Sydney; Great tilings will have happened when l set eyes on you again. ' Little did she know how prophetic
'Good-evening,
Wether ell.’
Welherell,' and that a all.
1 don’t like such treatment.”
"I must crave your pardon—but
have
own
1 seemed to retain
her words. As she spoke I For a
Arthur
leader in the House of Commons, has written books of essays and philoso-illseusaion, and might write if polities illd not keep him busy.
were
turned and confronted her, moment she was overwhelmed with surprise, then, stretching out her hand, she said.
of her finger4 in
the soft ptrassure
for hours afterwards, and as a

won’t have any 'huts ’ It want to be forgiven, you must and talk Lo me as you used lo do. You will like the rest of the people I'm sure when you got, to know kind to me.” think 1 shall like them
sent
proof of the perturbed state of my feelings 1 may add that 1 congratulated myself warmly on having worn and fashionable
"No, we
The sermon
from the text, "Wait upon the Lord years ago.'
shall give thee the desire of • "Certainly,'said I, ' that is my best thy heart," ue* torHotuesiek again; girl. She is thought very much like
the desire of her heart seemed so ex- B tody jvho. lives in the same boas ,
from Nova ocotia.
pliie a I more
Mr. Augustine Birrell, one of the brightest of living essayists, who^^ delicate humor enlivened	in
the old Parliament, will b^ missed in safe con-
you
come
and he
"Keaily, Mr. Huileras, this is most wonderful. You are the last person I expected to meet on board the Orizaba.”
"And perhaps," i replied, "1 might with justice say the same of you. it looks as if we aie destined) to be
V
that day my now Sydney suit, instead of the garments in which 1 had travelled down from which 1 had
them. They arc very
ceding far off. Miss Ackermann was Miss Ackermann; not ghe of those who forget, hard as Weil, it turned out to be the very
t	:: ;r.d r,
her old home, and married. I gavs you a good character and I guess you’ll be bearing from him before long, he is a bachelor."
"And you tor that reason#’’
Straits, and
He gave up a
Torres
hitherto considered quite good enough for even high days and holidays, she herself would remember me for more iha-u &Q
t he n<‘ w.
stituency to contest a difficult one, Mr. iarrie, au-
But
Bow silly you are.
"No, no.
I do so want you lo be friendly."
After that there was nothing for ii but for me to push myself Lato a circle where i had the best reasons tor knowing U,at I was not wauled. However, it bed its good side; i saw
much
Thai
and was defeated.
(bar of many well-known aovels, and Mr. Anthony Hope Uawk.na, better known in literature by the Urat two-thirds of bis real name, were an->ut with-
tellow-travellera."
She turned to a tall, white-bearded
to the seaside, to Jack. Their parents were neighbors. Her father and mother lived in the little fishing town and took boarders in the season; bis father was the far-who supplied them with vege-
bour never struck me
Boss says
as being likely. Next morning
man beside tier.
"Papa, 1 must introduce you to Mr. Hatteras. You will remember 1 told how kind M Hatteras was when
best
extra
i donneit my myself an
controlled herself
Miss Ackermann
sufficiently to smile. "Thank you, we friends and neighbours when 1 girl," she replied, and in ment more they were all laughing at
Parker, the successful novelet, Mr.
¦ Henry Norman, author of JOoks of
j both as a war corre^ftmenTlnd as a writer of excellent books descrip-
suit again, gave brush up, and sauntered down town her in the
noainced as candidates,
account of ill bcalt*: an'l Ur-
you
those larrikins were rude lo me in
drew on
A. Conan Doyle, the creator of "Sherlock Holmes," was de tea ter because the constituency to which he ap-Liberal -O a tou-
rner
tables and fruit. Jack drove the wagon which brought the daily supply to the cottages; they would have known each other in any case, but the morning interviews over lettuce and strawberries, melons and tomatoes, brought them closer together. Every one approved of their engagement, and the I set, when a great misfortune happened ; her mother aud oldest sis-killed, in a buggy which
mare of Mbs Welherell; so more iudejj that 1 began lo notice I hat her father (lid uot quite approve of it. * Bol, whatever he uiajd have thought, he said nothing to me on the subject.
A. fortnight or so later we were at Aden, leaving that barren rock about four o’clock, and entering the Ked Sea the same evening.
Canal passed through, and Port Said behind us, we were in the Medilerran-and for the first time in my life
f
if 1 could run across
Wihat reason 1 had for
were
to see
a mo-
wn» a
the Domain."
"1 am sincerely obliged to you, Mr. Hatteras,’ he said, holding out his hand aud shaking mine heartily. "My daughter did tell me, and I called yesterday at your hotel to thank you personally, but you were unfortunately not at home. Are you visiting Europe*"’
‘‘Yes; I'm going home for a short visit to see the place where my father was born.”
streets.
thinking I should is more than l cuu rate 1 was not
tell you, buit at any destined to be disappointed. Crossing George Street a carriage passed me. and in it sat the girl whose fair image had exercised such an effect upon my and recognised
mer was was no
When the dinner was over the bos-ta«s excused herself soon, upon plea j of domestic duties, leaving Miss Ack-, with the young people, so knowing herself i>_trop, she lingered but a
mind. That she saw
evidenced by the gracious bow , with whitih she favoured Then she passed out of sight, wander that that minute the end of my career, for
day was
The Suez
me was
and smile
erinann
ter were
they were driving by a train at a railroad crossing. This was bad enough surely, but " troubles hunt in couples’’ and the blow seemed to affect her father’s mind, he became almost childish ; took to his bed and would have but her to wait upon him. To
roe. and it was a
van
few minutes. Back In her room and took refuge in that
tive of military campaigns.
1 stood in Europe.
At Naples the Wetherelli were to say good-bye to the bout, and continue the rest of their journey home across the Continent. As the hour of separation approached, I must eon- no one
fess I began to dread it more ana complete the disaster, her brother »u.l-Aud somehow, X fancy, she was denly brought home, as his wife, a girl
I had for believing that a girl like let bis daughter-in-law come near him.
inter- To tell the truth, she had no desire to help Miss Ackermann in her duties;
anil
"Are you then, like myself, an Australian native! I mean, of course know, colonial burn!" asked
' didn't see I stood like one in • dream looking in the direction in which she had gone, and it was not until) two han-.oms and a brewer’s wagon hud nuar-doww that 1 realized it
she gave way last solace of her sex. a good cry ; her demanded relief

POSSIBLE.
overwrought nerves	.	.
and would not be denied.	Here, said the Observant Hoarder,
still huddled, a disconso- who had a newspaper in his hand, "il the lounge when there a writer who asserts that odors can at the door, which she cause deafness.
as you
Miss Welherell with a little laugh.
The idea of her calling herselfi an Australian native in any other sensei The very notion seemed preporter-1 ou;». "
"1 was burn at sea, a a half south of Mauritius," 1 an-
il
She was late heap on came a tap recognised as that of her little friend. She «al no and hurriedly straighten-
ly run mo would be safer for me to pursue my meditations on the side walk.
1 got back to my hotel) by lunch-and during the progress of that brilliant idea struck me courage and
Well, added the Cross-Eyed Hoarder. musk is pretty loud.
more.

time,
swered; "so I don’t exactly know
what you would mil me. I hope you Mes Welherell would take any have comfortable cabins!"	,«*t « » man like myself; and it is
-Very. We have made two or a question 1 can no more answer
r. zr, rj
now, papa, we most really go and see where poor Miss Thompson is. are beginning ho feel the swell, and morning.
she’ll be warning to go below. Good- ^ water a,motit unruM,ed-
DR. CHASE
PREVENTS CONSUMPTIVE


meal a
tog 1 plucked up
called!

It would be
she had married for a step up,
Why not! polite action to inquire it die the w »rse for hen fright.
sooner born; in

'¦!
said plainly that she did not mean to slave, to please anybody.
“ You see how it is Jack," she said with streaming eyes, " I can not leave
only a were any
The thought was no my brain than I was eager to be off.
too early for such a
without my hop s.
We were to reach port the following The night was very still,
We
father even for you."
’’ Bring him to our house with you," replied Jack ; " there is p'-’nty of room and father and mother won’t mind.” •• No, Jack, thanks ever so much, but
Father
Bui v was formal business, so X had to cool my in the hill for an hour. Then hansian and inquiring the
By Thoroughly Curing Coughs and Colds Betcre They Reach the Lungs -Dr. Chase's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine Has an Enormous Sale.
Some-
„ how it came about that Alisa Welherell and 1 found ourselves together in the sheltered spot where she had un the occasion referred

meets
bye for the present, Mr. Hatteras.
I raised my cap and watched her walk away down the deck, balancing
herself as if she had been accustomed	% Btara in tbe eu8t were
liai ling a
direciiuet of their residence. 1 drove off tu Potts Point.
in the street—an imposing well-la id-out
same
The house was
that wouldn’t do any good, wouldn’t be satisfied ; besides, he takes much of my time, that I could-
«me
far-reaching worked a complete cure, as I am now entirely free of the cold." i Mr. Wm. Davidson, St. Andrews, this Que., states :—"Dr. Chase's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine has cured me 1 have, wfihout suc-
the last mansion grounds
ring, an 1 in response to my inquiry ila-hed my hopes to the ground by
chat Miss Welherell sure y-«u
and why should l deny it f—that at ' 1 was in love from the soles of my deck shoes to the cap upon my head But as to the chance, that 1, a humble pearler, would stand with une of Sydney’s wealthiest and most beautiful daughters—why, that’s an >iher matter, aud one that,tor the ipreeent, the I was anxious to keep behind me.
Within the week we had left Adelaide behind us, and four days later Albany was also a thing of the past. By the time we had cleared the I.ewln we hud all settled down to our life aboard ship, the bad sailor if were beginning on deck again, and the

ho a heaving plank all her life. Then I turned to watch the fast receding ah ,re, and to my own thoughts, which of the saddest, I can, as-For it must be confessed,
standing in The but 1er answered my
paling, preparatory to the rising of tbe 1 glanced at my companion
up so
n't do my duty by you." And Jack had to submit with the best grace
moon
as she leant against the rails scanning the quiet sea, and noticed the sweet wistfuluesa of her expression.
were nwiiti
he could muster.
Unfortunately, he consulted the doctor who attended Mr, Ackermann as to the probable duration of the
19
informing me was out,
"She’s very
Then, suddenly, a great desire came over me to tell her of my love. Surely, even it she could not return it, there would be no harm in letting her know how I felt towards her. this reason I drew a little closer to
tion can timely use and Turpentine, cough medicine, hut a and thorough cure for the most Si v re joids. bronchitis and asthma It is a pity ihat everybody on
m
2*4 BMKBRS3 ÇîTuîr.1	KA*.
busy, y >u see,
present, eir. She and the master leave tor England on Friday in the
old man’s illness.
The doctor assured him that the trouble was chiefly hypochondria,and that he might live for years in the state, or lie might possibly recov-
For
Orizaba."
"What:"
ting myself in my "You don't mean to say Welherell goes to England ia Orizaba f"
I
goto' ’ome lo be presented at Court, sir!"
"Ah! Thank you, my card, and say none the worse for her fright last rvenlngl"
He rook the card, and a substantial ti? with It and 1 wetat book to my cab in iho seventh heaven of delight. 1 vis to be shipmates with this lo"«-
1 cried, almost forget-as Punishment, that Miss
her.
same
er as suddenly as ho had collapsed , at all events, the patient was in no
To be Continued.

immediate danger.
The inquiry would have done no barm had it not been that the doctor bad a talking wife, to whom he told verytbing ; so before long, the whole neighborhood was saying that Jack .lalstoti bud been asking bow long old Ackermann could live. Of course
air. And I do hear she's
;
A FBAIli'lJL DISCOVERY.
Dis is terrible, sill Meandering Mike with a deep-drawn sigh,
What’s <le matter? asked Plod din
Will you give her that 1 hope she ifl
Pete, in alarm.
Here's a piece in de paper, ft say we’ve got muscles inside of us dll keeps up an involuntary action. Dry workin’ whether we want
to appear medium voyagers to make various exfor their absences from meals
IIUlD
'he story came lo Miss Ackermann s rs, to her intense indignation and still greater grief. Jack could not
coses
One thing was evident, that Miss Welherell was the belle of the ship, Everybody paid her attention, from
goes on
>m to or not.
t

\


(


!
> À

1 . !

X
A -l -a.
###PAGE###7###
S '
'I
1


t.
! productive
¦pevne in hia field*. It la
Vll Japan teas are colored.
who broke down- and nlno of their in-dulfr-nco
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
i aie.v to take nut 6U|"'iflunus plante tiut if only good and ie used there will he more a i l heller p. .ms li m a lit-—1 *1« then from a large amount of poo.
Whan
Oil to **»;
or nun indulgence In tola/eo. are inclin- I to believe that, need with due im/de ration, tobacco i* of value aeoonif -ily to food itself long priv«tio^ md exertions are to he endured.
LUDELLA
w




Some farmers an> not more success» w v• ful iu their business fur want of in- '	*t,u’ '"Orel of success in farming is
tdligent attention to detail#. The ,^ret toconvcri manure, I he w.istea of farmer fails t<f do his work in season farm, into profitable br< aik.» the teaml is disabled, the jehaugc bulky and heavy forage crops machine broken down, seed or fcrtiliz- 'Oto such products as will produce the or not on| hand at the proper time, or 01,1,8 ^ vaiue at the least oust of trans-*«inc other thing is being neglected t*fi at ion to market, and to give
when
Ti	'eaturea are to lie
I-	Ion
will null you.
w* do so feeling oonflde.il iluu iu excellent fluV' ur
Lead Packtt.i, xg, jo, 40. go, 60c.
mill'd with re printlsed on
¦1 .to the smoking * service, it is at-mi«* entirely in the open air and It is largely on an empty stomach.
approve of the wm
aeV
ci ups ; to
CEYLON OKBEN TEA
is pure and uncolored.
Tim
Poultry, Butter, Egg* and other Produce.
If you have any correspond with us. We want 100 OARLOADS to supply our tr ade.
The Dawson Commission Co, limited, Toronto.
|>' o
M bich «hould hav-4 been attended to	employment to labor, which
wei ks Ijpfore. If everything ia ready ^<>,|v ‘® real creator under Divine before U la needed one ran manage u ^Vovidcnct* of the farm producls. And farm or an army much better than to w*lvn ^b.« 1a dona it only remains to attempt? to provide for wan ta when l,r< pare the prod uets attractively for
; mai kut, and seek the hi el market for them.
a most
ENGLISH DOCTOKS CONSIDER TOBACCO Wholesome.
r
lomMa
i* Rheumatism of the face.
Vric Acid left in the blood hy disordered kidneys lodges along the nerve which branches from the eye over the forehead, and across the cheek to the side of the nose. The cause is the same as in all Rheumatism — disordered Kidneys. The cure is likewise the same—
k
WEAK MEN

they are urgent.
lh»* I, uiret rtuyi	War II »« lirmeii-
wlmtrd Moil l . lui» un Importa l * m l In a Sul I'rN l.i •
Executive ability is lacking. A may bi> industrious himself, but if he du s not j Hisse hm a in lit y to have those
whum he emiiluya carry out his wishes	K°<»d dairy cow is n comparative,
properly ,and promptly, ho cannot	1 ¦>“»•
handle a farm any larger than he can	1	^ lk in blueing food	should	be fed
work (alone. There will he loss to i a ry oowe.
insi.al of profit on all the help hired, 1 Proper feeding Is one of the prime while the mao who furnishes capital,	dairying,
experience and ability to direct othvis ^lK c*>" flat dr in as iuui water can. should make their labor more profit. '"’l inake the material for first-class aille to turns U and to th. in than they Gutter.
could make it without his assistance.	lS"e llial the churn is	not too	cold to
-Many fail to keep up the fertility of	tlUl11 tllu cream when it	is poured into *m',kvra d, rive from pipe,
their land. Thayl do not study the	ci, «rette practically offset
needs of tho soil or of the crops they	f^’ not allow me cream lo gel thick l,a,IB ‘rs °f nicotine'. This opinion h is
in turn been modified until now the
man
i
An interesting olmnge has taken fa paie within a few years in the pre- “ a ling opinion among English medical men with regard to the use of tobacco,
I h th oi y Iha moderate smoking a a vice and always deleterious long ago disspp ired from the m dieu I profession in Eng an I. Th re followed a period when the preieiling view of Engl »h physic eus was that the phy. am1 and m ni ai satisfaction which
oiga: or
rUE C’ltEAM
YOU DON’T
have to pay until cured.


It’s something new in the tie d of medicine to meet with a man who positively knows what his remedy will do, and is willing to wait for his fee until the work is done. I am that way. I know that my Electric Belt will cure where
r*


1



tw*
t.
I
%
:'rS
Mi
" M
the


P
H
kill
They neglect the immobilities 6l,u,'i but cuuru nil u slightly a-id.
1 h ' ' wi to certain crops in fura,ah N»t the diiferent ek.namings thor- B' ro*8	"•* àMhat thoroughly	tn j t j
Vegetable matter and nitrogen to the uu«hly and koep well stirred »a.i °.’l"'ov.a tu.: usa 01 tobacco us not	JL> OCtCl S
soil at leas cost than it can be pur- ripening.	ouiy Lai mb as, bail whiolesoma in
'¦based in chemicals, and the use oC A tfooU cow when in milkmg order i,,|,uul ,a llUK * in, of the tendencies	t'T 1 f"| 7"* fSTT
liai I- Hi Ik: available the plant food i« neither tleehy nor «-tawny.	bigh-pressore modem life. This	iAIUUV/jr
elements in the soil. They pay no at- r s a ly waking butter at home en- * tltuJj 01 lu ***««*«•“ luvt.-es.on may	T> • "11	! Il C [)f. Md /1119*H llfl W«V
teution tea proper rotation ol ciops >• s m .re expense than making it in 8l>°n‘thing to do with enormous	xlllS	It took me twenty »	. ,	" o 11 V V aJ *
Somo luae money by what is called » creamery^	met as- in the per capita consumption _____________________ my atpliance and the JlV r	broken down from hard
m «directed economy. They will not if lwo condemning a cow as worth- ,rf lull,ccu m England during recent	.~r;	•<- but there ta no guesswork about* U neivea a re ”ifhn k v^i / «m °hL	»{ou!
Ei—EB-EEEHS '"E1HEEEE
^iy noi: yet many have not uu.i seem-	to better digestion ami assimila- . intend to . numerate thi m writes a ,,f emoking w h n unfed."	SPECIAL l flTirP If vn„ i„,	... r
¦i f'r *'-»'«< «op. or their « th, food give, a better profit, London correspond, at. in fact, the I	--------- electricity '”band wllh L	° burnmg k.nd or a " no
e ho. u of growing them.	a,ltl lt> u ooneid.rable extent it m this subj cl liai r.t,ieùe,l the controversial swtcTtST SUhLi. tti ft LI OF SADDEST ,	ias disappointed you, bring it in and I will «I.
They k sp other unprofllsble atoek Piping or incr, a- ng the usefulness «'ago in America alum, if one can be-	TKObCdTS.	IOW ha" Pnce ol mine for it.
bMuies their «hea,i burses. They fail * ^er feed .tnat succulent feed Jliew the confemions of American visi- f^r Ladles;	CALL TO-DAY and get a free test of my Belt. If you can't call wti.
«sz	r4	..»....7- «?¦*«• **-*» ¦ -
........Ltrrzz......................%B	6 ’ '
n.mbinc the ttvxJ so that they have iu <x>" which yields a generous re- ci, arette smoking by womengener- *wve lvt your thoughts dwell on the aa.muls out profitable in cither line. luru for the feed consumed is the one it I, f The question was suggested the l‘*;" ab’“‘“t	1,1 Africa. Your
l'huy do not ascertain which are their ^r proLt, and tnu one that it will pay other day by my noticing the evident tears have g-mèforlh‘to Them" And bisl asi• nais, and if they have an idea ° Vl1 gm -rously, and the cow which !repugnance with which u cvnservutive was nut that the hour of afternoon they ai> U» easily tempted by a lit- w,1‘ profitably convert the Jargeat	| young English matron consumed an	lea '
tie. extrt price# to part with the best, amount ol food into milk or butter is	sftcr-diuu r cigarette. 1 asked her	r
ïhfchtlü? r,;“"“lj,,r t'*1 a cow l“ IMI ProHia,lo to keep. But such if she . a ly enjoyed tobacco.	lEl.KKN"1^? aT&yloo and "lia
which -S dy pays the cost of keeping oows #uusl ha. c, the raw material out “1 Ian ah' replied frankly, and fixis itlunc ghoul I inclina you to try ,bi.p is w.rtu nothing, and that the "bich no manufacture milk, it th n she exp,a ned that her doctor had ' tvas-
| V P>,llt is iu "«'• " hoiti Product IsW-s a certain amount of the food	Comma id d her to su.uk- a cigarette	T:,'! u	%	*“J	,lrv*	b ' ’1 V	"£	‘“T
the value of her food, and oonsum ol to ma.ntain the life of the	a . r dinner and at bedtime. She had	(Hue	itlbbon' bran	uTre	«îl	‘g^.-
j use.- at how small a cost oow, and it is the surplus over and	| tried everything for insomn.a and I
i be kept, and not bow much above this fruit» which u profit is pus-	fh.a ly her idijswnan prescribed
1	lx,U3Umu and change "ible.	to. a mo, saying that he had found it I
., which is of greater value.	?	cflaaciouai in a number "tif
"i <iv sleep better, she aiiued, "but j 1 detist toLucc.) in every torm and I J ed f
glow.
every
other treatment fails. To make you (eel secure 1 don’t ask for my pay until you are cured.

- **>



ïJ-
i

mi
i
{•


t

b
send, sealed,
DR. M. D. McLAUQHLIN,
130 YONGE ST., TORONTO-
GLASS EYES.
Germany and -Switserland produce over 2X00 000 glass eyes in a year; and n Paris manufacturer, reputation for finer work, some ‘.WO-000. They are made in the shape of a hollow hemisphere, and th utmo t skill is ie;uirei in forming ihe pi p I out of colore 1 gin .. The great jority of artificial eyes are used by workmen, aspect nil. i h ,se in i: on foumlrie. where many , y.-s an* put out by sparks it is '-eid'um that u woman has a glass e.,e.
1 a confounded life insurance > refue^d my application for a policy, said Hunker,
Why, 1 should ihink you were a fine risk replied Spa Its. What made them refuse your a, plication '!
Well, they found out in the: I am in the ha Ml ui e rooms thaï 1 gather myself.
coma
Your .soldiers' comrades—the Jlri-tilt* (i li< iuus

with u
v %
Japans have no su. b
on
f
seme u ay r rig mush.
lea-

W I* V 1035
I Oil FORM a SAKE.
f as—Ja k tried to kiss ms last l ;ht.
s.i—lnrl ed f Of cou se you reels
cases.

farmers stock their faims to the capacity of furnishing
ACSZZ tsz ""zzxczzzzz :\::r •*-  .................................... i-,-—to..
n* «""'.'rj..'	h„d„	,J "-RAT A House CAN DO. .£%&£“%" %'S.dZT:
«‘lira furagti cropa, thus fail- ‘	C‘ M w mo r« f?t mum < *'¦- ft!iexver the medical protêt tou would	or^,Iiary hui e wu draw n 1 [S^‘	'& it develop ad leas
'ZEffsgtJsz
hen in .i- ... ... i	cause or another, its victims are num- L " '	half n ton, with n load of one ton. "Id ount ry. Rear her dilate in the Sausage Casin^i-New noaortetim# iiuw Eetliel
un their products art utTign	by the hundreds of thousands, AUVAM'AUto OF TOBACCO. at the same rateonan ordinary road . ****** time she had when last SÎM.AKST
They also in this way lose a aml 11,0,6 “dieted always feel tired, The lancet is outspoken upon the their crop in the muet favor- worn oul aml miserable, and are sub- subject of tobacco's advantages in .sue from a luck of animals liett to (iU of melancholy or ill tern- campaigning. "The wur in South Allier without apparent cause. It la rtca,'1 it says, "has taught many things
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
DYSPEPSIA A..U HtADACH1Ù
LOVE OF COUNTRY.


For all akin aliments.
**®Iums
I>inv product, G.iKKN OK HT, CK. j i ’-yl -n and Imli. Sli.i an buy both j *n Canada now. The dvliniou/* >«il-or M ii>oon I
M Jil i «tt AL t. V i «.le tiiKttvi
D0U0LA8 8R0S„
11» A'-i.-iiiuw St.. i'OJtONTd, Ons
The “ ditimorai," tou* huant Nuusc
per .uiy.
.
FILE CURE A tril1 oi cos . pr,.ui.i
Oure for Pile* will be seul free t# ed/ree* OC reoeipt of t,wo, mi	No knife, me
»r*ee) *%]*«. Ad.lies», THE flVTCHlNO MIDJ. |Ml 00., Turoulo. o*iu
X When must valuable. They
ut variety of «tuck enough to °bri0Ul* tbat 11,6 h,!miin	*n »r" *>f K' atur and of lésa importance,
ich unmerchantable ci l»|w as	der ,u Perform its functions, must be	Perhaps nothing th it, it has	d won-
a.e, and much goes to waste.	|,noper,> tmurished, nnd this canuul	ai.aitU has been more m,.	i than
farmers could not only increase	lw <k>ne wh,n the f<M,d ie improperly	th.- impt • 'amt part .whicu	. ebacco *	lg 1	0 .	°U: a,s	to°	,et	m	•vour
tile kept, but the sheep, swine	di£’w,ted- Those who suffer from In-	p ays in i b Suidisr e ex nteeie. Wbelh-	% " T ,	",	/ ‘'0°1	r,‘aeonpr- j	DECLINED,
ml try, without adding uiueh to ditf&stit>n should exercise care us to <«1 this ,s to be reckoned sa a great	‘	1 ,,n 1 flli® hmv r°a ,an Did yon say you would let mu in on
exp.-uses excepting for labor <bet’ and on|y easily digested foods I act or a small one, there can be no '* , ' '	m-N8v ‘ open t0 con" tl> round floor in this investment?
rhups to some extent lor grain' shou,d ** taken. But more than this | doubt about tho truth of it. Yet the vlclltm VTv 0 u,'intl know I am right. T a is my proposal, replied the proHa profit would well pay for is r6<JuirBd—the blood needs atten- Duke of Wellington s armies had no	“—	motor.
t they were properly cared for lion in or<ler that the stomach may tolauoti worth speaking of. If they mrh w ov,il< HIPTV ftaks	Well, you needn't mind. You allow
the increase in amount of grain- l* “tfengthcued. and the secretion of did not forbid its use, at any rate, the SJe	,?	tho thing to run along until you can
«k would add to the fertility of tbe 8astric juices properly carried on. Iron Duke's officers were directed to iSaf.m.u*,ct mo in "cm-where near the third or < m it the manure was properly ! lhere is 110 other medicine offered the a ‘'iso their men strongly against it.	Be»ure ‘">1 «•> fourth story, The man who is let in on
’ public that will act so promptly and What a curious contrast with the	— -	; the ground floor is the one who
where	Hi> Ot Cf PATTON.	¦ a she# ni i h • debris if the bottom
Lawyer—What ie your business I j happens lo drop out.
Bankrupt—Well, I suppose I might h - • a I d a bill collector.
La ycr— A bill collector?
Bankrupt—Yea, At least, I have a large collection of unpaid bills.
ada, Blue packet* await h r pleasure.—Colonist.
f?" ,.n
EN CO If IhAfJ I NO.
FREE.
I
Music .ms
¦a*	*	I Wit i epmci^j ntM
Teachers^, 1
Wanted
Torente, Out,
V


¦ >;-1
j
TQKOHTO car ,HC SCHOOL
lui'.
his, however,	la	another leak	effectively as Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills, j campaigning	in South	Africa,
maure	is	»o	hauuled on many	Pmuf °I this ia given in the case of	marches and	privations	as long	and as
cause	m,a' k’. X. Ikvldriilge, St. Sauveur,	*! rn m any	suffered	by our	great-
its value	Wu*. In conversation with a report-	g>a., iih rs	voi ¦ bo n	i, ihuvotun-
" For quite 1 rs and soldiers of to-day with a


Unit the suit and ram i lose much of
LltS CffHfiUU oNÏ«»

there I» more FaUrrh in fbi** soutien of the f oui try than a'l nih«r disease nv, to eth-r, tnd un tl Ihela-t few yean watauvpoe*.! to be inrurablf. Far afreet many yovii tîo-tor* fie-
n' no» 'A it a local di«<a tu.-, end prck<rtb*d I oral	-----—
ipaifiilM.nrid by on i-run ly f il agio a ewith	*Mk. CA* DYEiWû 00., IM Mont at
It cal t catrneaL, pronounced it ii/curpb e. 3 1 Mv e I hN vt ' vpn catarrh to be a con t.tmional r’iteae, nod th« re fora require* coi:siiut*o»aJ reatmen», Hail* INtarrh I'ure, nmnitfautured ty K. J. Cheney 8c Cy„ Toledo. Ohio I- ;he *nl?
• n't'tMtional < ure on the market. It ie taken internally I* ilote* from in drop* to a to •.> puoa-fill- H fete dir dly on the bluo ’ and mn^ u#
T —5‘ *•	lTnMl”S"c:?rr ^
Laxative Bromo-Qmmfic^^
•	** OJM5	S Id by Druwl-t-. 75c.
Hall’* Family FI!!», mo the beet.
a
i
evaooratts into the air or wash- ®r* ^rs- Ik«l tridge gaid
j^,.n a number of years l have been a 1er- grunml ouiy wii-n ihcir smokes' lail-
We have it from many who
o the am a ms. _
nan is left is vUon iwl so handled as ril,lv euffercr from dyspepsia, accum- ! ed th in. to give the best results. It may he tanled by the sick headaches that al- look , a t in the forced marches lead-pul ou crops to which it is nut adapted, 111061 invariably come with this trnu- tog io i a trdvbcrg, to Bloemfontein, which is a result o( ignorance or it hlc. * suffered from terrible | a ns io to Pro tor a and beyond, that may he so scantily us, d as to produce ,b'' stomach, bloating and belching ial ions were but .two or three bi.v u-.ts only a halt crop at as much cost for wind. Alt fo.l » ¦< med to disagree “ the only real physical content la for us a full crop would have re- tvitb me, and aa a result of the , »f ah twenty-four hours name with qui.i.	trouble, i was very much run down, I th pipe smoked by the smouldering,
»b few fail to see what crops their an<1 Rt times I was unable to do j embers of a campfire.. This pipe eased soil is best lilted io grow though wen light housework. 1 am sure I the way to sleep that might other-must have learned that to some ex- tried a score of different medicines, ' wiee have lingered, delayed by the tent, perhaps by costly experience, hut ! ba^ without success, and as 1 am sheer bodily fatigue and mental rest-thore arc many who do not see or fail years of age, 1 h id come to be- I usances caused by prolonged and to nalize all tho crops that they may i lievo that it was hopeless to expect monotonous x.rtion. produce. They limit themselves to a a our<’-	A.friend who had used Dr.	SEDATIVE QUALITIES,
few leading crops, and purchase or go Wlll‘eme’ Pink pilu witb ft"°d re- "if je difficult then to believe that without utally things of which they jeults' ur*«d «“* to try this medicine, tobacco is anything but a real help to might produce an abundance and , “d my bu,l,''md 'nought home a men w ho are suffering long inbois and aough to spare to add «.„ #c<>up!e “f bo*e*’ Be,ore tb,T	receiving little food, and probably th.
income considerably.. This l*lu‘sbrd' 1 f<>11 mucb better. end we way in which it helps is by quieting Is ia, ticularly true at fruit, large and tbl'n Rl>t «MtheP half daaen boxes, ccrebiation-for mo one doubts its small, and the garden vegetables. A lnd / , J bave c<>mPlBtely restored sedative qualitiea-and thus allowing farmer should grow enough ;f these “y , th' and 1 not only feel better mor easily sleep, which is so all-im-to have a surplus over the home wants 1	IVI' dane £or Teara. bu* ac* portant when semi-starvation has to
Tear.	j*“lljr f<‘e‘ly"an8lr „ 1 '«ry cheerfully br endured. The case, of acute mental
Economy in seeds is neatly always a ; recommend Dr. William, P.nk Pill* derangement in the course of
nu an that the farmer I ° "	*' "" ' ,rrs'	| a s n.o.b as th • present are many
should invest in all the high-priced lf Jl>ur d('*,er doe* not keep these The, ! a „ indeed been many in South sc da that are offered, but that he P'"8. tb'>' will be sent pi# t paid at Africa. It would be n**t profitable should obtain the very h«i «mailt v of 30 Cl‘nte 1 bt>1- of 8ix boxes for and inter sling oould medical officcni such as he -ses, and use emmgh to in- ^’¦50 b) addnaamg the Dr. Williams have taken special note of the capacity ,urc t -at -we are no vacant and un- M dicine Co , Rrockville, Oat.	if«r sleep previously evidenced by thoi
tlvtvu
¦* w Ol about yours
V
aoiiaioivw ##

\\ hen
¦À.
1 a
LAW
MILLS, MILLS A HALES
F«rrt«ti/r, ele. ¦ RemoveO M We.lrj Bmdinf 8ldieer.il 8» w , Turuato.
nod] that
}.h

• 1)1 Ol LAIilNO DISCOVERY.
I un h i island she' loved him at first. Y s, I hat was before.
B -fore what f
H-tore ahe had found out that she La I miatak- n him for hia rich cousin.
i
CLASS11-ication called fob.
Say, ma !
What is it Freddy f Are these cold-storage eggs or bene’ egg» ?

¦rorrexv11 <AK1Ja"
FOB
Uanirj, *aliiv Clotiw. l .ml»,,	n UtM
PARAFFiNB
I
•terre*
WAX
Tï*-?°ü1-N arrY OIL 00 . UmuL.
1 *»Sera Prwt, Taranto ^ AedarCwa
su/Hcr -Jîuitw/j
their
’


THE MOST NUTRITIOUS-
EPPS’S
cam-
luas. We do not
I
a
GRATEFUL OOMFORTiNa
COCOA

¦*EAKFAS^ SUFrSR.
I
L
A
• f


###PAGE###8###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)


ssu
M
m

»
~ r i
v

7
St
Rubbers,
Christmas
Boots,
X
Moccasins,
Overshoes and Felt Goods. $
WISHING ALL MY FRIENDS
IS
$
AND
Coming’ !
EVERYONE ELSE'S
FRIENDS
A MERRY CHRISTMAS
AND
A HAPPY NEW YEAR,
I AM, YOURS TRULY,
*
I
;
and we extend to everyone
full and well
!
We are now ready with a new, assorted stock of fall and winter Footwear,
which we will sell at the lowest possible price.
Call and inspect before you buy elsewhere.
R Merry Christmas.
A.R. McGUIRE
j Chistmas Shopping.
TEE TAILOR.

IME. «ggT3El-W^.:E2,T,
\
<k
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE, -
QUE.

Gen. Colville engaged two separate nandoes Doc. 121, near \ lakfontein, with a light loss, the enemy retiring.”
AX A LA RM I XU RUMOR.
London, Dec. 22.—The Evening Standard hears a report has reached London that Kimberley is seriously threatened by the Boers. None of the leading South African tirrns interested m Kimberley has received notification tending to confirm the Evening Standard’s report.
lEX. FRENCH KOI TS THE BOERS.
THE WAR.
Lots of Fighting
As usual we have been making extensive preparations for the Holiday Trade and hope to satisfy our customers
com

\
w-
OLVIl LI
NKlt/L* FRENCH, CLEMENT* AM' HAVE ALL liLFN ENG ACEH
II
I
BOERS INVADE i APE COLONY
X
London, Dec, 20 -The following dee i
patch has been received from General London, De?. 23.—The War Oftice ha* " Kitchener, dated Pretoria, 'vedneaday, recejve(j the following despatch from Lord
Dec. IV :	,	, Kitchener, dated Pretoria, Dec. 20 :
“ A pirry of Piers estimated at from ,» gw fdr jt j8 possible for mo to form
500 to 800 has crossed the Orange Ktver ^ opinion of tho reports of «fibers on
at Uhenoster Hoek.	J the soot, ! believe ;he Doer movement in
“A second band is reported to have ^pA^ny has been checked. Of the
cross*d near Sand Drift.	two forces that entered the colony, the
“They have been followed. I have eiBtfrn lg still north of the Zoutspanberg sent a considerable body of mounted men r wjjjje the one that entered went w ho are getting around them.	appears to have been turned in the diroe*
“ The Boers from Rhenoet^r Hoek are ^ ^ [}rjtst«>wn and Prioeka. Our being followed c!«»ieiy from \ enterstadt trn( 8 are getting around both bodies which they left at three o'clock y eater-	% special column has also been or
day evening going in the direction of ^anized which will be despatched itnmed:
Steynsburg.	.	,	.. ateiy when l know where its services
“ The important p nota on the rai.way ¦[ wa!lted
id the neighborhood are well guarded.
“ 1 hope the band will soon be drive!
Pontiac Paie Jaictioi Ef
Official Time Table
f
AM
45
Arrive
Aylmer tBrerkeuridge t Kurd ley Parker's Crossing f Mohrs Quyon Wyman's •Tank Bristol McKee’s
Shawville
Clark’s
Campbell's Bay *Tank Î* Vinton rou longe •Mellon's Waltham
5.45 Leave
Cape Town, Doc. 21.—General French has routed 2,500 Boers, with four guns and a pom-pom at Thomdale.
Gen. Brabant, commander of the newly raised c denial division, Ins been ordered t j the front, an t will start tomor-
H.2

6.00
KOtt
6.12
8
Christmas
Groceries. |
6.18
6.50
6.26
40
6.37
b. 22
6.47
8.14
1.56
158
7.04
row.
Gen. Baden Powell will start for the
Transvaal tomorrow.
The Boers derailed a train at Barberton in the Transvaal, killing an inspector and
52
7.36
31
are
7.45
7.16
7.10
8.00

?
8.03

" The Boers have not received mud assistance in 1 ’ape *
8.12
a
f M
Mony bo fur r.s my We have arm 'd some , others
8.30
1.47
Leave -Tank. VFlag Station
north again
tnf irmati m goes <»f the c
0,55 Arrive
Almonds,
W alnuts, Peanuts, Lemon Peel, Citron Peel Orange Peel, Chocolate. Carr a way Candies, Wintergreen Candies Pulverized Sugar, Apples,
Canned Goods.
Spices, &c.
Valencia Raisins, California Raisins, Malaga Raisins Cleaned Currants, Bvap’d Apples, Prunes,
Figs,
uch interrupted by the I ta(-nt y 1,1
i driven oh.
roi i:< he
21.—The Boers but were
S’B
•Flag Station
Connecting with Hull Llectric Railway
at Aylmer.
1
Pretoria, Dec. Kb--The Biers are ex- forces hibiting considerable activity between cation has been u
.or,....................
hundred of them attacked Kaalfontein , Senekrxl. Gen. 1 reiich in conjunct! ,i. .ndun, Saturday.—A despatch from yesterday afternoon, but were beaten vil with Hen. Clements, attacked a force un- ^ x	colony, say a tint the Yeu-
der Byerf, soirh <>. the Magheab :	jKlVH driven the Boers out of
tn The Byers broke away in a * d.varesvr y ^„ü.kraa! tj,0 vnemy retiring westward. ! direction t ird Potchefstroom, and w followed by Gen. Gordon, with a co:u
of French’s force. y
“ Yesterday evening about five Clement's furco was engaged south of the ; Gliphant Nek, lut I dint jc. k . *w t. * mountains.
result.	“An euormou
A later despatch from Lord Kitc.ioner, b jn f mado u
dated Pretoria. Deo. 22, says :	.	;,	" bv the
¦	: “ The western column of I oi: Vu ' llkeiy that the Burrs will oiTur battle m
$ the m	Britsfc wn and out the tailvv , south of	j	nu,überi,e	There	is	mowed dt-
vasion of Cape C »lony	end expressed a	De Aar junction, i no ’ * - •1 ‘ô 19 1	mand f	the	wholesale	nrvdamaiion of
hope, not of capture, but only to drive followed up.	.	martial law.
them north again, not a word has been “Gen. î rend, has >?en n on act . •.	.» Martial law has been proclaimed m
issued officially as to the situation in two days with the cmimamio o Lycra foHowinî< additional districts South Africa.	and D-l.my south of the Magheebcrg.
C -nsidvrable activity	is now manifested	He is pursuing ?hem. 1 .ic ‘ i.emy bate
at Aldershot. A large	draft of mounted	lost considerably and C>r»mai .tant
troops will be ready to start fir South Krcuz and othersk.en captured.
il. while others have	_________
.t «• V
ein Dec. 1
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SV PE Kl N TF
i
EXT
1
;
î
?
i
IN AN I X
\ J ?epatch fr<
Preto ria says that during tien. Vlemen retreat t!ie 13 »er " **	1 *-1' "
the 1
quantity <*t a
London, Dec
OTTàffA&GATüMÏ
From Cape Town, the Mail has reouiv-
d inv idiog > occupy Dritbtown ;
d il
ug
force was design d t
but being checked by the Do Aar troops it has disappeared i.1to the Ceaderbtrg
It» a
n ii 1 *» i rs
were !-«r
Fall and winter ? a Tatis
Taking effect Nov
1
attire i f the aammmtu i > it. A terrib’e cxploeivt
:
k t
1900
ill 13
)

and sot f!
foil iwed k of 15 iera.
y
' c mcen"ration of trooj » p on tfiti belt of count;>
nvaden. but
K and i
No. l Train Leave Ottawa no. 2 Train Arri
îT/'u. 1 c.n«l 2 lr
I

Ottawa
3
L jrd !
London, D
apt Sunda
chener’e dospa
For tickets and further to Central Chamb	N
tonna
apr.'y
J\ V
veil
P
Britatown, Y.ctiria West, Richmond Hanuvir, Muriaysburg, Graaf Reinet
Middieburg, S^eynsburg
A herd vt1 Cradock, T;uku and Muheno
A fi ica on January been notified to hold tiiouist-îves in readiness for the same destination.
Accoiding to the Capo Town correspondent of the Daily Mail, the treason court sitting in Coleaburg was obliged hurriedly to remove to Cape Town with the records and documents owing to the vicinity of the invading Tiers
says the correspond
RAILWAY
OMISUVS IN « APE COLONY.
“ We understand that private rt liable advices have been received in London,
says the Daily Mail
ually all the districts of Cape Colony in the vicinity of the Orange Hiver, are in more or less open revolt, and there is likely to.be sharp lighting on a rather large ncalo before the invasion is crushed. The tactics of the Boers in rallying us
possible of the Dutch in the bxck country to tho cause are proving successful. ’
i
50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT, Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
to the ill"vet that
If
vir

Ih
C -Ivsburg distr
is b 'o'.hi ig with aati-B h «• A recrudescence of rebellion is perceptible in the districts immediately south of the Orange river. Tuesday morning a fight was proceeding at 1'hH-ippstown, presumably with a commando which crossed at Sand Drift. ’
Capa Town, Dec. 21-A government memorandum issued last evening makes the following announcement :
“ The principal seat of action has been transferred to the northern part of Cape Colony Early Dec. hi a large body of Boers crossed the Orange river toward Burghersdorp. A British force followed, to avoid which the Boers turned westward and occupied Yenterstad Dec. IS.
vn the same
M'wÏSSSF Trade Marks
Designs
1 Copyrights &c.
SSSSHE
nrruu notUt, without charue, in the
Scientific American.
twsfiyyrEîiJlP
ent
1 f lrther a
Oti and after Oct. 14th ami u train service will he as follows :
citement
many as
Christmas Presents.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
a 6.10 A, M. -Local—Stops at all ;| tiuus. Arrives Montreal 9.50 a Branch, Ilawkeibury Branch, Valleyfleld, connects at Coteau Janttion, for Cornwall and points west;
c9,CC A.M , Limited, a
* seroune lions with I
miedi; t**
H
an
4
MORE TROOPS TO V ).
Dec. 22.-Til? v"’ar Office
made thb loilowmg anuouuol'ient last
Glove Boxes, Cards, Hdkf. Boxes, Toy Be Cuff Boxes
London
Trumpets,
Tin Toys,
Carriages,
Wool Toys,
Draw’g Slates,Perfume,
Paint Boxes, Mirrors,
Harmonicas, Sachet Bags, Lamps
Albums
Games,
Frames
)
s Montreal 11 :'0 a.tn.. Ry. Maritime
U ! !V
for y i 1	. Halifax, and all Heroic 1
TKVÿtieast Pullman Parlor Car atuchud
3 AM. Sunday* only—St»r<« at Intt
evening :
In view of the gt neral positi >n in South Africa, the following re inf moments of ed troops liuvo been arranged :
Eight hundred will start next week.
Two cavalry regiments have been mdered BBSK6LS, to leave as euoii as the trur. courts ate
ready-	WÊÊ
“The colonial police will be increased
io ten thousand. Detachments will |Ra.ttl6S Lavo as fast as they a;o funned. Further drafts nf cava h y will bo deepatelud at once. Australia and New Zealand have been invited to Bind further cuiitin-
I
Mugs, Work Boxes, Cups a
Saucer Marble
£
l
1
a. in
A
moun
i

a a
Rol
M,, Limits —S 1 * ¦*"
.'/ rives Montreal 0 44) p u ,7*. Udied. Conne te wit/ yu All points east of Montra» L]\ points south of the S'.
1 Albans Burlington, etc. K I m New York 7.20 a.m. lia ing Car, Ottawa to New \ ul
; 6.tgC P. M, Loral -Stops at Arrives Montreal 1 Junction for Corn w
n HJ-Q
Pullman Parlor Car ins for Portland ami
ÎAwrcnce Hiver
1 a
Drums
T
AV WW. V«VVW WW
f
R

GOODS WELL BOUGHT,
ARE HALF SOLD
\
But they evacuated the day on the approach of the British and marched in the direction of Steynaburg.
The Boers, however, have been intercepted, and find difficulty in moving in any direction, as Steynsburg, Burghers dorp, Stormberg, Boa mead and Naauw-poort are all strongly held by the British, and the Orange river has lisen considerably in their rear.
“Another 2,(XK) B -ere crossed Sand Drift, making lur Coleaberg, but on the despatch of a British force they diverged and occupied Philippstown Dec. 10. cut ting the telegraph wires between Phil hppstown and Houktkraal. Early this morning a portion of these Boers reached Houktkraal station and cut the lino there. g £
|	“ Considerable reinforcements have (g ¦
+ 1 boon sent to Do Arr and Hanover and it is expected that further invasion will
now bo stopped except in the case of j UpDfiMPtLY SECURE!]
scouting parties, which may slip through '¦	— -----———
to raid cattle and obtain much needed
;
Clocks
9
k
To Lay well, watcri fermauon in the Jpt
The Canadian Greet- end Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
t__________c err
TRAUE. KRESS
et
gents
Trains arrive at Ottawa < maral' »'
all.10 PM. Local - from Boston, :VW Kngl; ml and M intrtal at 9.50 a. **• wan Parlor Car attached.
fork, New
Hurt puii-
AN OFFER TO CANADIANS
If 1,000 men join Baden-Powell'e Police 25 Commissions will be
Given.
Ottawa, Dec. 23.—A despatch from the Colonial Secretary states that the Imperial Government will accept under conditions laid down, any number of Canadians who offer for service in the South African mounted police, commanded by Col. Baden Powell. If eno thousand Canadians can be enrolled in the force, 10 commissions as captains and-15 cornons aious as lieutenants will be given to cm** cers of the Canadian militia to serve under Baden-Powell. The British Government will furnish transportation and rations to South Africa, and the men will bo remunerated at the rate ot five shillings per day from the day they land at the Cape. Officers will receive pay of their respective rank. Canadians anxious to join the South African police, must be single men, in sound, bodily health, and able to shoot and ride. The period of service is five years. Full particulars of offers of the Imperial Government will be announced in a day or two, as soon as points at which enlisting will take place have been decided upon.
arc always
acceptable
presents

and point-.
xi Pullman
Anglican Prayer Books, Methodist Hymns, Presbyterian Hymns,
t.
12.15 P. M. Limited—From M o ring Montreal at
s /res
a. m

AlacLEAN PUB. CO.. L.'müctl <•
Pa*lor Ce
and inter Toronto
>
*9.05 V. M. Local—Tr^tu Montreal
mediate pointe, Cornwall. Kings to and prim* west. Has Pullmin Pallor Montreal at
Montreal r.nv. ->rcr/?
j
Lea
I».n
i
Jmltcd—From Montres 1 {as Pullman Parlor Car.
o 6.35 P: M. I
4.10 p.m;
I

Middle and Western Division
TO AND FROM TflK WEST.
(Da :	- * 1 ; )
Trains V a Oj tawa Central Depot : ft 15 a. M. r Arnprior, Ufnfuw. fcganvlllft, F< m-broke. Barry'* Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, 1 arry Sound and Intermediate points.
4.40 P. M. Fo. Amp,"Ior, Renfrew, F^anvi: broke, Madar a»ka and intermediate station


Ladies !
A
/ -H
Be sure and see our stock of Silk Hauclker-liiefs and Ties. Just the thing for giving to your gentlemen friends for Xmas.
e. Pen
) Write for our interesting books •'In vent-}or's Help" and "Mow you are swindled."
) Send us a rough sketch or model of your in-
I mam
KMsusr “	bt »,K ¦ b^sessrsssssess
- EJUSSÎ5M6SSSSS5	jus-, -sir; ' i"SSiS£-EEE
Central Depit, End Em Bloet ^sSfcSiï %J*	mIr on
¦¦¦¦I	r Wet's commando, and the latter consists ( MARION & MAIvlUiN
Patent Experts and Solicitors.
. / New York Life B ld g, n.ontreal r Offices t j Atlantic Bldg,Washington D^C.
supplies
1 00 P. M. Mixed Train for Arnprior, Renfrew Hganviile, Madawsska and intermediate stations.
nfw
E. HODCINS 6 SOM.
r
tours.
a. Trains ran daily except Sunday, to. Sunday oaly. c, Daily,
of several small commandoes hitherto op orating in the west of Orange River Col uny aud of a number of rebels.
L
ZTZ
F,

i




L
