###PAGE###1###






%
No. 2.—19m Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.
THURSDAY, JULY 4, 1901
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA

LOCALS THAT PAY
locals that pay

Buy your Twine at J. 11. 8haw>.
Maple Hug r and Manic Syrup at the Palace Grocery, Shaw ville.
Maul
Syrup in 3ft and HO cent tin* u s Grocery.
llee<l Office: .. ..
enlievribed Cepltâl paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
,	#1,00i
M
OP CANADA.
l.o
046
Splendid Results.
Reel
J. Il

I
Tw
Hoard of Direct on
I)
I
I
Fruit of all kinds In »ea»on and «oft
- $6 000 000. dr nk"Rl tbe Grocery, S.lmwville.
’	’	" . For ten. only the greatest w!e „f
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000. r’ut 0,1 mor,J ttl 8,*w*rt'v
Sugar and Fruit Jam In 7 II», pa il a. Plum Peach, Raspberry cheap, at MoGi Grocery.
I kind* of building ah', Caldwell.
Charlem Mage», Eh<j., Pn-eide.it. George Hay, ehq., Vice-President.
Ho*. (l*o. naveo*. Ja.	John Mathf.h, E*q..
Alsx. KftABitn. Eftq , Dayii» Mac Lake*. Kwq ,
D**me Mt-armr, Esq.
YV. II. 1
^¦PpneHa
Itanienil
id htand
I.piiilier and Shingle* for main
H I K bMl'iH.
CAPITAL -
r wo aro *till taking photo* at
II. J m , -
Sjhamt
th.
Our big Discount Sale a great success. Goods moving out at a lively rate. The purchasing public appreciate such bargains as we are giving, and we are thankful for a large and increasing trade, and to express our appreciation we will for a short time do still better for all who may favor us with their patronage.
Head Office, • Montreal.
GEORGEBURN D. M. FJNN1K
Ornerai Manager .. Manager,
I Ilf- H
* H"- h t’of fee the beat brand* (.lava and MfK«fa) ground while you wait at The 1 *(*&(* orocery, Shaw ville.
“or the latent *tyle of photo* go to In
i
Branrhe* ;
IN ONTARIO
Keewatin, Kemptv !!*,
Mattawe,
Ottawa,
non
6HAWVILLE BRANCH,
Great sale at Stewart a hoot and shoe L,!NIJEri TwiNE-There I* none better “	i Mian i Ivn.oi.th special. For sale at
Alexandria,
Amprlor,
?ronmore,
Bracebrtdgs,
Carla ton
Lanark,
Par nr Perah Rat Portage Winchester, fre*
.
Plymouth Special, Standard and Denver Iilnder Twine-8 vent* per pound ut W. II. Lucam, Caldwell.
hound,
mkh,
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rales.
Farmer* notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parte of the world.
SI
• ce » lie felotte Cream Separator before ><>u 'U v. The latest and bent for wale by
Smart & Smith.
do
do Bank 81. Rent Place, do Ridveu Ht. Tmonto, Hawkesbury, Vanklaek Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA :
There'* some big bargains these days at J. H. Shaw §
(
liscount sale of boots and shoe*
f Stewart's
HAVINGS BANK
Dauphin,
Partie» wanting hny twlrteri nhouhl ,
Aceour* • opened for amonnta of one dob piece their orders at once ns the Company lara and upwards and Interest allowed • an	?0 l,e whort of tedders.	¦ ¦
OFFICE Hours H AT V It I)> Y *	.
Winnipeg,
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC;
Hull,
Shawinlgan Falls.
Agents In Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montical.
Agents in 8t Panlr Mi*r-*hants Nat. Bank.
Agents In London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
leeelve yourself. If you are about purchase an enlargement, why not come Smart & Smith. |w,en* you can get full aalne* for v
ve guarantee our work and fit
Montrai,
Lnehnto
our
, . .	on't
tke it if found unsatisfactory.
H. IM ISON.
10 A.W. TO 3 P.M
morn
ask you to
Having an office fitted with the latest and most approved dental appliances,
Dr. MacGregor 1» in a position to render
the moat effective service to patienta. 1 Hr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, wif] Kooma over Budd's Drugstore, Arnprior.	Bryson the first week of each
A call solicited.	I month ; Campbell s Bay the second ; Fort
»...	„	the third*	¦¦¦
excursion to Vancouver, Seattle, etc., fourth weekgoing July 4th to Jifth, returning up to ,	,
lo Manito a and Return, $28.00. All I w,iivh I am prepared to dispose of at information J. It. Tierney, Ry. and S. S. I ,reti?V.nat,,e Prices to those engaged in agent, Arnprior, Ont.	I *l!; i,r,K •	\V. M. Luc am,
Caldwell
10 AM. TOl I»?*.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
On Wednesday, June 26th, and for following teq days we will offer the following lines :
Clothing,
Dress Goods Dress Ginghams,
Muslins,
Pelt and Straw Hats,
Tweeds,
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
and Shawville the
For Sal*. — Two good work hurtes Apply to Alf. Howard Shawville.
Mr. Win. Gamble, Advocate, with his family moved into way Bay tlj
ia week
Mr. Joe. Bath returned to town with
Lia bride oo Thursday evening	Stami inu.-Having pint*wed a «tamp
Mr. and Mr*. Box attended>hc Scottish ing outfit of over 200 patterns, such a* celebration at Renfrew on Dominion day. ('entre Pieces, Pillow Shams, Photo
Mr. Alf. McGuire went to Perth to at-* Frames, Tea Cosies, Sofa PiHows, Bat-
terbury designs and many others, I rttn ,	i(111	. ..	9-
teKiStsHxs “»¦ ,j“-’ |HEsEEit‘‘Ei “I1!
y *	I thing like reasonable comfort, whilt> the	Minutes of last meeting read.
Mr. McEnchren, of Rockland, Ont.,	ï'JeTby^m^cra rut out hv	Methodist	r ? * m re,tc,î.in.f »ncl departing from	Moved by Robert Smart,	sec. by	F
arrived on Saturday evening on a visit	Church, ^orth Clarendon and	siiriiH bv	I .,,u °n#e* «*PeclrtTy *bo latter, were sim*	I ihoinas, that the minutes of	last meet
to his daughter, Mrs. Woodley.	Wm. Palmer, that there is a mistake. I ’ ^ exn*lx$rAl,nK« c^neidering the intense ing an now read he and are hereby con-
i|. p ,,	,,	.	...... The members of L O. L. No. 730, are get-	PreVHdcd 'There was some firmed — Carried.
Alias l otter. 1*. A , principal of the	ting up the picnic and have the	arranging	«xcise for the conditions which prevailed	Moved by ItwW. Ralph,	sec. by	F.
Academy, left for home on Saturday ,ve-	of all in connection with it.	We have	on the journey weatward, bu- there were	Thomas, that the minimum of	days to	be
n„*..h„	-.<5r™I'-«a..a. .....................................- w-wA........
a iHTcentiure, but program and nil the	experience of the return rip on No. mg year be L’It, days.-Carried,
rest of the business is in our hands and	,iUr,e 11,6 committee knew then Moved by John Grant, sec. by F.
we will arrange that to suit ourselves. W> A they had to deal wi h, and they I Thomas, that School No. J be supplied are getting out our own posters which should have adopted the only means at with an assistant teacher for at least four wi exp ana .	I their disposal for relieving the tension, I months qf next scholastic year.—
hut instead of doing so they wasted the I Carried.
time in useless delay, whilst a densley I Moved 1 y Robert Smart, see. by F _	, lacked train loud of people, gasped fui I Thomas, that the former Auditors,
good roads question has been breath and wondered long and earnestly to wit : James ft. Horner and E. W. Miss Connelly, of Kau Claire, Ont., so xv< bi (jouldboure township, 8ta-1 what in thunder they were kept waiting Hudgins he, and are hereby appointed and her cousin, Miss Telfer, of Oconto, j	M K,i >vaH recently abolished I for. Had a train been run^to Shawville I to audit the Kcc y-Treasurer’s books and
Wisconsin, have been visiting their aunt, 1 u re on a T0*m‘Hr vote. A commission- luring tliis desperate waitingsspell, every accent A, at the sumo pay as last y Mrs. D. McRae, of this villagh. and er !VHM W0™;™ with power to hire men thing would have been comfortable and farmed.	¦¦
other friends in Bristol.	j and teams and the work is now carried pleasant and everyone would have feJf I Hfovcd sec. and carried, that the fol-
out under nis mst notion. The farmers I satisfied. As it was, however, the oppo lowing hills for examining the School* The heat of the past week was the most pay 00 cents a day and are relieved of all hiteof thiscondition prevailed. Among the ’wice during the year as follows be paid :
ES5BESEE F	“ iss."® * ,r&
large cities. In Shawville the mercury I Bungs, in fait some of them state that liiigent searcher to single out one dozen I Robert Smart, $ 10.00, and John Smart, ranged from 89 deg. on Monday to U6j on	ten l,',lJ8 M much work has been done	who were at all satisfied with the day’s #0.00. The	following bills also ordered
Friday, since which date has been somv	I under the	new regime as was done by	outing. And if the source of their dis- Co be paid :	Robert	W. Ralph for fenc-
About three and Icotnfitun	iis occasion is not reraem ng srh«..,l grounds, f U ; repairing
Mr. Robt. Hamilton, of Fort William I ^	of good road near Fallow field I bered to the R R employees next year, Utorm windows and putting on storm
Ont., and \ride, nee Miss Smith, sister of	iave , n	,. wdh gravel and made	it will be due to the fact that fortunately | door and lock, 6.50 ;	sweeping and light
our townsman, Mr. John Smith, arrived	Plaide,	which were formerly bog	people are forgetful, and that timc inMMB
in town on Thursday evening last and “Olee.	| variably sears over all
were guests at the residence of the latter till the following day.
5
tend the trotting events held there
At a discount of 20 per cent.
i
Saturday evening’s train brought home n number of teachers to spend their mer holidays among relatives.
Don’t fo get the Lawn Social on the ground# of Mr. J. H. Shaw, Thursday night. It is expected the Shawville Band will furnish music Ice cream and other refreshments will be served.
sum
This means 20 cents saved on every dollar;
$2.00 saved on every $10.00 yon spend here.
We offer you nothing but new goods, and if our prices are not satisfactory you are not obliged to buy. Come and see us.
Ropr. MoJanot,
W. Master. L. 0. L. 730, Y arm
This is worth your consideration.
cur
••
<
J. H. SHAW
what cooler
the old system
P. S.—Some big bargains in Boots and Shoes.
ing tires, $12.00.
Moved by Fred. Thomas, sec. by John irant, that Commissioner ti. W. Ralph be and is hereby appointed to preside at he Election of School Commissioners U> ake place in the Town Hall on the 8th
scars
A Mammoth Gathering.
Clarence Brabazon, son of Mr. G. H. I	—	HHHI I H
crossing, which is the nearest point on were as good as could be reasonably ex -1 !?'Vd b*,a la,*e congregation. His Grace	takr g charge of the MWel
the line to Green Lake.	pected. Provisions were to be hul in r^dvered two appropriate addresses and School in the absence of a teacher.—
imminent danger of destruction.	L mil «4 dint ant	lL NlJl'ige, nearly I muiic object. In every resnect His Grace's Clarendon No, 9.—Grade IV. - El win
than the old one. This idea is one that i i f M t l / ,	"*ln }b*v. K. R. Smith, It. D., also gave a short Argue J, May Palmer 4, Lawrence
will meet with the general approval of L,uim	Nt xeR i what they but impressive address at the comer Smith 5. Grade II.—Adelaide Elliott
SHS^^IsSsÿÉwS^SpirHiil
Bevond thPKP twr f	i N(*nded one of jjhe most Impressive Grade I., Sod Primer. —Katie Smith 1,
Good Road Train.—V\e notice from ^yona tnese two features-thecrowd saffffie* the comrolblty has ever had. Harold Dagg 2, Eva Belshtr 3, Man
our Ontario exchanges that mo t of the JWii.Bnd. the provision made by the Cou: 1’hose who took part were the Lord Sfm Strutt 4, Agnes Strutt 5. 1st
SSf-SSS	ÊEspffi SSSfeH
lay stretches of model permanent road- ^hcrv Wl8’ y la lrt}e» A \àl\[y hst of sided at the organ. Mr. Hall was eon- Erwin Hodgins 5.
ye throughout the various counties of ,?!a 8P0lv8i , ,v inast half of the crowd gratulated by all partie# present and wish-	Minnie Matheçov Teacher.
Ea tern Ontario. The train will tirob- did not wb them carried obL The nat- ed God speed[with his work which had
lways are willin'» pass the time in a less fatiguing manner, up Is a beautiful one. To our friends and Owner may have it by calling
æmm mmm mm
road-making machinery the supercharged atmosphere, hovered Codt.1; rector of Aykncr. We therefore week* holidays at Art Imbuik wile, jue
ssm* tz "m	ygüugg •ga**'-
t° watch them even was sufficient to Since the laying^of the corner stone the make the perspiration pour.	frame has been raised and boarde^in. I**
As already stated, the promoters have fact tbe work ie progressing very rapidly, to feel gratified at their success in attract-	|
ing ho many people to Coulonge, but here the extreme limit of the felicitation point is reached. Their arrangements for con veying that crowd to and from the objective mentioned was certainty the reverse Pro-1 of satisfactory. There was either a huge Mbungle in the management, or the trans
ALLEYNE
Paris Green :
ilnsect Powder
We keep the Genuine Article, The kind that kills . . . .
:
Fly Poison
(In Squares)
Tanglefoot.
THE DRUB STORE,

i’he
Ottaw T. Rai
tawa river
C. P. R. and G
at this < f-
il ton have also necessary
free of cost, as well as t# provide several experts to manage the different implements. Hon. F. IL Latchferd promises to place the servira* of the Provincial Road Inspector Campbell at the disposal of the association for the laying out of the various stretches of road.
The C u ity Council will decide where the roads will be built in titor-mount, Dnndas and Olengary. $
When wll we be in a position to noiHice a similar move in the old 1 vince of Quebec ?

The P. P. J. employees loA to their Gatineau rivals in the tug-of-war for the Beetuer trophy, and the Gats naturally, left the grounds in a jubilant mood on Monday evening.
I
S
SHAWVILLE.
s

Clarendon School Commissioners
PURE DRUGS.
The thunder storm of the 22nd .June is re(wtiüd to have been very sevère over Town Hall, Shawville,	'in Fitzr v, March and («milhome tonn-
28th June, 1901. ships. Several buihrngs were stry^k by Board of School Commissioners of the lightning, and a considerable tgm ber Municipality of Clarendon met this day. were blown down.	/
¦¦¦¦I
an

#











###PAGE###2###




lits genera! physique, which as ary body knows was small. T * fingers were Indicative of that ex
'untUlWlhehhà'î|THBT HAVE LED TO TH* ION
either destroyed or crippled him in to surrender.
despite his slender frame,
the hand and the nrm which Nelson | CoLfesscd to a Murder Afi«r Sc* lost , havi ii ontli ed with great strength, if some of the feats
with which he - ' 1 edited I believed	I An artist who had suddenly bo-
From Britain's groat naval hero come almost famous, by his produc-one naturally turns to our most tion of a painting exhibited at the notable military commander. It ha.‘ |lioyaI Academy, was one day called been said that the most remarkable I upon by a man, whoso visit, was features of the Duke of Wellington's productive of the most extraordin-Itiiids	were his thumbs. Although I ary and undreamt-of consequences
there was nothing about them that I The picture represented a lonely could be described as abnormal, t hey I stretch of bench, upon which the sea were suggestive of grim détermina-1 was beating In long, creamy rollers, tion and an Iron grip, l ingers, I jn the foreground, bending over a thumbs, and knuckles all indicated dead body was a nmn with n wild strength; and the hand of Wellington expression on his face, and with can be best summed up as the strong naked knife in his hand. A ship's hand of a strong man.	boat, evidently Just beached, was al-
Tho late Earl of Dvconsfield had a \HO jn the picture, unci by the sida very good hand. It was rather un-1 of the murdered man was a bag of der than over the medium size, with gold. The picture portrayed the ad-well-formed fingers, slender, and of vent Qf two castaways upon a friend-
Disraeli always took hv shore
FIOTÜBiS AS DETECTIVES
thrown over a sweating horse wilt I ^^^k^k^^^k^k^^k^k^kxk prevent him from being chilled in-1	^
juriously. In cool weather the blan-1 tR	jffc
kot should be thrown over the horse I ^k	¥ | gm 1¥Æ
when ho is compelled to stand out-1 (R	I II 1 /VI f*-
doors for any length of time. In | JR A 11	v m •
cold weather the blanket is an absolute necessity to the horse that is
i>>i n• iWÊtÊÈÊÊÊfM
are liable to bo cold enough, during the zero snaps at least, to keep the
sluver.
save food in winter
ev-
brown sugar, with one cup butter, add tho yolks of eight eggs and beat until thick and smooth. A Id one cup molasses and ono teaspoon soda dissolved in one cup molasses and ono cup sour cream, three and a half cups flour, two cups raisins, two cups currants, and one teaspoon each of cloves, cinnamon, and nutmeg Hake in a moderate oven for 45 minutes.
The blanket will I Everybody professes to have some I Sponge Cake —One cup sugar, one
knowledge of foods. It is very dif- CUP flour, throe eggs, half teaspoon In feeding the horse, scatter the I ficult to shake the average woman's soda, one teaspoon cream tartar, one grain over a largo surfaced feed box. complacency with her ability as tablespoon sweet cream, and a pinch Ho will thon take less into his cook, and for man his standard is of salt. Boat together tho sugar, mouth at once, and will therefore his mother's way. But a few house- cronm *nd yolks of eggs, add flour, chew it more thoroughly, salivate it holders are even conscious of tho no- SO(ia, cream tartar, and salt, and more perfectly, and digest it more cessity of sanitary knowledge. Ono beat again; then fold in lightly the vastly.	woman, shrugging her shoulders,said well-beaten whites of the eggs. Pour
The hungry horse will "hog down" ‘‘Why what is tho use. What are I the mixture in a pan and bake in • his feed in an injurious way. Don't plumbers for; if anything is wrong, (luick oven
let him do it. (live him a little they would have to fix it," and her	Cake—Ono cup sugar, one
enough for a mouthful, and let him| declaration is the mental attitude of CUP s've.’t milk, two eggs, half cup
many. To such indifferent house- butter, ono teaspoon soda, two tea-holders, the little book, "Home San- fll>oons cream tartar, two and a half itation," prepared by tho College Al- cu,)s Hour, Cream butter and sugar, unmno. Association, would bo a sur- nt,<1 t,l° and beat until light; prise. It presents a vast number of tlven <,lv mi,,i and In <t the flour,with questions which tho woman who has tho soda nnd cream tartar mixed any regard for tho health of her fnrn- through it. Bake in layers, and when ily feels most keenly, which belong coo! *,ut j°,,v between the layers nnd distinctively to tho province of the on top; or frost the top and dot 0
home maker. The necessity for a dry I 'V (.!|l,’'\a|iel.ly' _ ,	lmvo a great deal to do with I or-1 lnJKht be hie
am###
### iiEEIpEEIiliEi
astre sa. * ;7 old clothes.
HB1 ¦¦B*1 'liSlBS
“ nus*52toS«	....-....- tw
mHSMMHMUJ
stiis	1=1‘
ttnihs t»i poultry raisers think then the marrow pens possess is injured, consent to tire disposal of their half- tracts no attention duty done when they ha\o scattered qj. perhaps destroyed. If every ppn - ^*Qt*n coats , trousers and lints that before the liens some corn and gath-] |nul wns gathered just at the time!th°y wil1 never wear again. Tho tin-cred the eggs. This treatment may NVjlen jt became lit for use, and if the mun or thc oId clothes man often appear to fulfill nil necessary obligu- plants were ns vigorous as thev Proves an angel in disguise. Even lions when fowls can have unrestrict- ought to be when well grown, suc- ",lon llc outwits us in a bargain over ed range through thc summer season, ccssional crops equal to. if not sup- sonic of t,lis miscellaneous clothing.
Tho necessity of providing corn, I crior t0f tiie pirst Woui,i bo produc- llc carries away material which is
sometimes with wheat and oats. forjcdi Peas iike othcr seed-bearing ' n bait for moths and a possible lurk- QUEEN VICTORIA’S HAND AND winter food is generally understood; points, will, so long ns life remains, big place for the germs of disease.	ARM WERE BEAUTIFUL,
but if to these were added a supply strive to perpetuate themselves, and No such dangers lurk in thc poorly oi the other grains and vegetables it is interesting to watch thc strug- planished tin kettle or the cotton we would not hear so much com- glvs whjch a plant will make, push- mat be leaves behind, plaint as now of stock “running plg forth crop after crop of bios-’ There is sacred value given to all
u,,tl	.	t soins in order to fulfil its destiny; thc clothing of those whom death
gto me special grains, buck- hence the importance of gathering boa taken away from us which wheat is one of the most valuable , the pods early before they get too tempts us to hoard nwav these for the production of vggi Sun- ! old for use. Tho some principle clothes, though wc may know it to flower seeds should also be included should be acted on in the case of l)e a weakness. It is a wise old say-ln the bill of fare. ri he large ap kinds of legumes.	ing that "the clothing of the dead
amount, m oil they contain seems to	belongs to the poor." Certainly it’
be especially valuable lor young,	-^- is a much more noble sentiment
glowing linemens. Ihey also give	which impels us to seek out those to
a gloss and brilliancy to the feath- AN UNLUCKY POSITION.	whom this clothing would be of value
fCoodPr°Evcn whenU(ncddi„b-largo quan- The othcr day Brown was stand-	fCC'ing that impC'8 U8 t0
titles no bad effects follow. Well- ‘n£ in ft railway-station, huddled up1 cured green corn stalks nnd young !n l’lc ^on8 ’'ne passengers wait-tender grass and clover should be	^°r the ticket-office to open,
provided for poultry as regularly as wbon the man in front of him, a ner-hay for other stock. The soft or vous lookinS individual, turned and poor heads of cabbage stored by sa*d: themselves, are probably the cheapest and most easily obtained green food during winter.
if one is extensively raising early chickens it will pay to sow lettuce seed in a box and place it in a warm, sunny window. The young and tender leaves are easily grown,
and will add greatly to the health | l’10 journey, nnd—all-
And of course Brown changed pl.ic

<* •;*	*î* ?> »!• ?> •> •? * •'	vvvv •
But his
t

:
ON THE FARM. I
X

X
FESStON OF CHIMINALS




>*K**>*>*>
Even the warmest barns
CUTTING O ATS FOR FOR AGI
ing a Picture—A Medical ITad Committed Suicide.
HOME SANITATION
No one who has ever tried feeding Well cured oat hay will deny its value for all kinds of farm stock, but especially for dairy cows and sheep.
Of course it must bo cut at the right time, must be well cured, then so stored ns to prevent weather damage The experienced fanner will select a variety of oats with a large proportion of leaves. There is some difference of opinion as to just when to cut oats for hay, but as a general rule start the mower just as tho oats are beginning to bloom varieties it may be desirable to begin cutting a little bit earlier, and with others a little later, but in any event do not delay tco long j ¦ course if cut too early thc feeding value will be reduced, as the hay which results will be immature, containing a comparatively small quantity of carbohydrates and protein. On the other hand, if cutting is delayed too long, a considerable
portion of the material will become Wftys will do with less food than the
The total
With some
dispose of that before he gets the next mouthful.
Watering the horse some minutes before feeding him will be a good practice, especially if he he a colicky animal. Heavy drinking after hearty eating is bad for a horse disposed to colic.
The best feeding will he nullified by want of cure othcrw horse thaï is well cared for in other
a
Of
fair length
of his hands, which, after nil, I the other
The one had murdered so that the treasure
rite
woody and unpalatable of the nutrients will be increased, but as stock will cat smaller quantities, the result will not be nearly so favorable as when the crop is cut just at the beginning of the blooming period.
As a rule, oats for hay can be most satisfactorily cut with an ordinary mower. Do not run the sickle bar very close to the gvound. Leave the stubbles at least three or four inches long. Tho after treatment should be about the same as that given to hay. As soon as tho oats have partially dried they should be raked with an ordinary hay rake and placed in medium-sized shocks. Here they must be allowed to thoroughly dry out before being given further treatment tho weather is good the crop will cure in these shocks and remain al-
ii orse that is o:.posed to the wet and cold and is left to his own devices.
TRUCK AND SMALL FRUIT
No weeds are more injurious* than neglect.
Den ies well picked and packed are well received in market.
To preserve raw fruit or vegetables in perfect condition, wrap in tissue paper soaked in a solution of salicylic acid and dried.
Don't wait until your plants badly injured by plant lice before a implying tho kerosene emulsion or tobacco water.
tho picture had imagination.
are
If
most as green as when first cut. If the weather is unfavorable lesults will be much less satisfactory.
Oat hay, either loose or in bundles, can be stacked out of doors, but as the straw is soft there is much da li-
the
ger of the stack taking water unless it has some special covering highly desirable to top the stack with some kind of hay, prairie lmy if this is obtainable, and if not* tim-
my own worthless life and make a
confession at the same time. When
hand of Beethoven was broad nnd I Arthur's—his brother’s—"boy died,I thick, but by no means heavy. Its U camo into money that my dead : leading characteristics Wcr® a 8tronK brother had settled on him. lie impulse and weh-marked life-line. died as oil tho world thought of; * Out of son, says M. Mery, who acute pneumonia. Yet his life
passed before me, not ten could he niight have been saved had I acted rightly termed well made. Pigeonchested, round shouldered, and weak-
comes a
serious objection is tho fact that mice and rats are apt to damage the feed badly.
as Fi Ides' 'Doctor' is so evidently doing with tho use of all tho skill that lay in my power. I hastened tho boy's end, and so got tho money,
1 ‘1 can bear it. no more."
A well-known artist was commis-Alcohol, smoking, and °^'®r I stoned to paint tho portrait of a indulgence have done their deadly ia(jy in exalted circles, who boosted’ work. No need to look further for the cause of such decadence. How
tho possession of a most unique jew,	, el, in the form of a pendant
can a nation increase and multiply htt(jv WQS very anxious that this with a rising generation such as heirloom should bo included in her this? We hear a great deal in portrait France of what is done for the im- L,lie<| with hcr request, provenant of lmrse-brecding; if you shortly after tho painting had been ask my advice, it is time—aye, and |completed a daring burglary was high time!—that we set about find- ! perpetrated, with thc result that tho ing some means of improving the hu- ja(jy man race, or at any rate that por- 1 tion of it represented by young France!"
Tho
The artist of course com
THE HANDS OF THE GREAT
LOST IIKR HEIRLOOM
and no trace of the thief or thieves was forthcoming
and the lady gave up all hope of
CURIOUS STREET PAVEMENTS. | ever seeing the precious heirloom
again.
Paris, wo are told, is to bo paved I ftow ^ g0 jiappene(j that thc art-
vith glass, and this has been referr- Lgt w|lo jiaci painted the portrait of
e«l to ns if glass streets were at I the lady mentioned, lmd occasion to present unknown It is. however,	,n Jndia
not so. Everybody who has been to , thc course of his wanderings he
a street in Gwundu, Africa, which i.	* diamond and ruby
n veritable place of skulls. The town l,e,K‘nntTT Where hud he seen it be-(oval in shape) has round it a ring ,ore? 110 ransacked his brain, but of poles, every one of which is coultl not remember, crowned with a human skull. There} H® returned to Ins hotel, and Imparc six gates to the town, and every Pcncd to take from his portfolio a one of them is approached by a sketch of the portrait he had made pavement of skulls, of which some- years ago of the lady with the pen-
Years passed by
King Edward’s Hand Much Like His Royal Mother's—Emperor William’s Strong.
As
Her Majesty the late Queen Vic tori a was celebrated for thc wonder ful beauty of her hand und which it may be said extended from the shoulder right to the middle fin-
¦mttEÊlEÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊEË
toward plumpness
more so in her later years, when hcr wedding-ring sank into tho flesh.
Age in no wise affected the beautiful curve of wrist which was not the least attractive feature of our late
Inmakl„gcak,nothlngbutüm|,%'«daT^''
best material should bo used. The The hand of King Edward VII. is
rTiFrr tt* z-cns-% ns
f fta % «sre sasssrs
'~=V	StAIS 555
the raisins seeded, chopped and one the impression that it belongs
L"wb«'l%dL:,dtn^d%	^	Inhere
buttered paper The fire should be Tho Emperor William of Germany attended to before the mixing be- haa a v powerfui hand, which he gins that the cake need not wait a Kema to have inherited from his fa-minutc for the oven. Many other- thor rather than his mother. It has wise good cakes are ruined by been described waiting for the oven to heat. To
be successful one must be exact in measurements. By one cup is meant 4 pint, and a cup of larger or smaller size would not give tho desired result. In measuring baking powder soda or cream tartar, round but do not heap the spoon. Soften the butter sift both sugar and flour before measuring, By following these directions carefully anyone may be sure of success with the following recipes.
Fairy Cake —Two cups granulated sugar, one cup butter, one cup sweet milk, one cup cornstarch, two teaspoons baking powder, ono tablespoon lemon extract, six eggs, the
whites only. Cream butter and su- The hand of thc Czar of Russia is gar. To this add one-half the milk, anything but typical of its pow-then the flour and baking powder er. It is, indeed, more in keeping sifted together. Mix the cornstarch with its owner’s physique than with with the remainder of thc milk, add his exalted position ns Autocrat of
is rather less
next add the extract and last, tho than medium size, and one critical It is more blessed to give than to fun in chasing it whites of thc eggs beaten to a stiff observer has written it down as a receive, remarked the unfortunate Do not neglect to keep your boots froth. Bake in a moderate oven and very weak hand. Tho fingers are youth, when his mother insisted up- polished. You can always shin'- at ice while warm.	said not to show much in the way on his taking castor-oil.	one end if you cannot at the other.
Icing for FairyCako —Boil one cup of character; although thc Czar is Circumstances alter cases and It isn’t the hen that cackles the granulated sugar with six table- not without Ids strong points, oven cases alter circumstances, remarked most that has the sweetest lay.’ , spoons water, until it threads from if they do not ooze out at thc tips thc lawyer, as he smilingly made out Never put off till tomorrow whatf
fKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊtÊKÊÊÊ¦ his l ilt of costs.	you can got somebody else to do to-1
Tlie immortal Nelson had a very Speech is silver, silence Is golden, day.
It was by no os the cabman said when the old It Is a wise child who knows his
but *# & f&the*
arm
Her hand always inclined i, but naturally
CAKE MAKING
I beg your pardon, but are you superstitious?
Not at all, said Brown, slightly amused.
Well, would you mind very much changing places with mo? 1 see I’m thc thirteenth in the line, nnd Finer—afraid I couldn't have luck
thing like 12,000 were used
pavement is snowy white. Philadol- In a moment the enigma was solv-phiu has a street made with com- cd. The piece of jewellery ho had pressed gross, and thc experiment seen was the peculiar pendant that promised so well after a year that his fair sitter had been so anxious may be many companion ho should include in his portrait, streets of grass by this time.	lie hurried off to the chief of police
and told that worthy what he suspected, namely, that tho bazaar he had visited contained thc long-lost
An English ornithologist, who has jewel of the English lady very active and apparently given studious nights and quiries were at once set on foot with impulsive member—if a hand can be mornings to the question of tho extraordinary results. Thc jewel-said to be impulsive and it is cor- hours in the summer at which the 1er in the bazaar confessed to hav-tainly always on the move. . The commonest song-birds wake up and ing given, years ago, a quite insigni-Kaimer’s hand is rather large, and to sing, states that the greenfinch is the fic&nt sum for the jewel, which he bo honored with a grip of it is an earliest riser. It pipes, for what had bought from a stableman in the experience not likely soon to be for- purpose cheery Nature knows, ns employ of a neighboring rajah. Tho gotten. One feels almost as if his eariy as half-post one in the morn- stableman was sought for and turn-hand were in a vice, and physically jng_ The blackcap begins at half- cd out to be none othcr than a faillit is a relief to find it free again, pust two. It is nearly four o'clock ouh English cracksman, who had, Ilis Majesty takes delight in admin- nnd the sun is well above the hori- apparently, turned honest, but who, istering a vigorous squeeze to a new- ZOIl before "the first real songster" nevertheless, confessed to having comer who is unaware of his little appears—our good friend the black- been the thief of tho jewel, that had hand-shaking peculiarity. On such bird. It is hoard half an hour be- been so miraculously discovered, an occasion it is remarked by people fore the thrush
on
and growth of the chickens. Onions
should also be grown and kept for I cs without another wordHIH feeding. if chopped moderately line: I Uut when later on, he missed his they will be eagerly consumed by I purse and gold snuff-box from his
fowls. Tooacco should also be overcoat pocket—well—well------------
grown ana used to keep thc stock I There is a yearning look in free from lice. Pull the plants be- Brown's eyes now, and it is observ
and hang them in the cd that he always takes the four
A handful of tcenth place everywhere.
BIRDLAND S EARLY RISERS
In-
as a
fore frost
barn or shed to dry
leaves in tho nests of sitting hens will add a great deal to their comfort and more to that of the
the
FROM TIIE NOTEBOOK OF A
CYNIC.
young.
Hemp seed is useful for young and valuable chickens, but thc sunflower is a good substitute, and much more cheaply raised. Peppers are a most useful condiment during tho winter months, helping greatly in the production of eggs through the cold
weather. A small number of plants,.	.	.	IA .
of thc long red variety will produce l8-£noug.h watAlr ln 11 already a plentiful supply, much cheaper and , Ble^scd arc the.y ,7 10 AxPect noth-purer than the ordinary ground cay-11^' J°F tllcy 8 1;l not 1)0 disaP~ en ne of tho stores.	p<dntcd.
Beans, well-cooked, either whole Honesty is the best policy—when a
or ground, Will help fill up the list *ood reward is offered, of foods	Seeing is not always believing. We
see lots of people whom we cannot to the mixture and beat thoroughly; | All tho Russins believe.
Where's there a will, there's a law suit.
Advice to would-be Irvings—Think before you act—nnd then don't.
A thorn in the hand is worse than two in the bush,
A haie on the head is worth two in the soup.
Never cry over spilt milk. There
„	,	and the chirp of
about tho Court that the Emperor the robin logins about the same has been making another of	| length of time before that of the
house-sparrow and tho I SIGNPOSTS ON THE HOAD TC
WISDOM.
wren
tomtit take thc last stage of the
HIS LASTING IMPRESSIONS
list
Make love while tho moon shines.
¦ The want of money is the root of
^Happiness is like a kitten's tail-hard to catch; but there's plenty of
SAYS THE CABMAN, SEZ HE
HORSE HINTS
Excessively fat horses are not profitable animals on the farm horse is essentially a working animal, and him feed should be mainly of tho sorts tl make bone, blood
The bl
The
A BLOW TO EXPECTATION
Dobbs— You told me Mrs. Hobbs was highly intellectual.
Mr. Dobbs—Didn’t you find her so? Mrs. Dobbs—When I called we talk-
Mrs
thc spoon. Have ready the beaten | of his fingers wl $ of one ' and pour tho In.il ing syrup slowly into It, beating all | interesting hand the tin.; Flavor with orange Fruit Coke —Cream two

should be a part of the
weather a light blanket I ed a solid half hour about clothes


means a largo one, nnd may be said I lady gave him a flve-dollar gold Cups to have been in correct proportion to f piece Instead of a quarter.
who knows as much as his own child.







-,

###PAGE###3###

HIS MAJESTY'S DOCTORS, FOILING THE UNITED STATES
NICARAGUA CANAL SCHEME.
brought to light a queer little wooden stick about three and a half inches long, made of some heavy timber and covered all over with Chinese
inscriptions; at one end was a tiny | ABOUT MEN WHO GUARD THE
mu< It tarnished
looked at It fondly.	I	—
I)o you know the value of this | Sir William H. Broadbent is Chief# little stick?' he asked altar a while i have no possible notion/ I
m
The Man Who Knows.
KING'S HEALTH
I gave It to him and he
m
A British Undertake ing Which May Mean Ruin and Disaster to t h e Great American Scheme.
« i
Medical Adviser—Sir James Reid the Queen’s Doctor.
ever wo arrived at cross thoroughfares or interlacing lanes.	(replied.
iiiii toedmsii
ion of st,act boys A momcn	pence, but. for what it really is there course, the King is only human and
shock-headed urchin about y n„ ll0t m0ncy enough in the world to Ms subject to all human ills just as oui made his appearance	purchase it. If I could get about other people are, and it is Interest-
clnrk alley and come to ar * again I would make myself the rich-1 ing therefore to observe Ills Mnjes-1 he woman said something <>	‘	est and most powerful man on	earth I	ty at such times and to see	what
which I did not. catch, an	1	"	with it. If you could oidy	guess	precautions lie takes,
turning sharply to her left “. one particle of the danger I've been In the first place, His Majesty only beckoned to me to follow her. in through to get It you would die of very recently chose the doctors that 1 did, hut not without a reeling o astonishment. And the sarcasm of he preferred should attend upon him wonderment ns to what the upshot	^ ^ that now I've got it I	can't	in his new and exalted capacity. The
of it. all would be.	make use of it. On six different oc-	«elections he made are of some	inter*
"From the street itself we passe caajone the priests of the Llamaserai	and significance. The late
by way of a vallainous alley, into a k Peking bavo tried to murder me Queen had always a resident physi-largo courtyard, where brooded a iQ gut hold of it. I brought it clan In attendance upon her — Sir silence like that of death. n(hed' down from the centre of Chinn dis- James Reid — but King Edward has n more; weird and desolate place | guised us a wandering beggar. That I ho need for such constant medical don't remember ever to have met businegs connected with the murder service, and dislikes anything of this with. Not a soul was to be Been, I q( thQ Chinaman on board the ship, kind which is not absolutely and though it was surrounded by I nilt which you defended me, was «ary. Consequently he has deter-houses, only two feeble lights showed	iount of it An(l now j lio mined to content himself with what
»“<r......jpy;’ .eg	ruts -arc %
on the threshold. Upon a panel Nikoln hns tried for five venrs to anything but an ordinary one, for it she rnppc.l with her fingers and M	” w|tho.,t success however signihes the highest appointment
she did so a window on the Ilist	Vvp ant it after all possible.
a	' "b-dém, manbythJ
'How many? inquired the wo- ,, ,w.	. tl ,	fh»n? * T of these to be his medical body-
man who had brought me, in tt ,oud nRked	guard. Three are chosen principally
whisper.	I - nr. Nikola? Well, he's NHiolo. 80 ^ in 11 cris,ii, lhcro
.	. ,and that's all I can tell you. If 'vavs bc » prcp?"/r,a"crc °f
more the woman entered the house Hindoos thc Burmese, the coal tllat ponod beon hl9 and I followed close on her heels.	portcr8	in	Port Said,	the Buddhist
The adventure was clearly coming	pricgta	of	Ceylon ; ask	the King of
to a head now.	Corea, the men up in Thibet, the
When the door had been closed Qpan|gb priests in Manilla, or the behind us thc boy appeared at t ic	Multan	0J	Borneo, the	ministers of
top of a flight of stairs with a light-	slam,	or	the French	in Saigon—
ed candle. We accordingly ascended key'll all know Dr. Nikola and his to him, and having done mo made our way towards a door at the end of an abominably dirty landing.
At intervals I could hear the sound of coughing coming from a room at
My companion, however,
SYNOPSIS OP PRECEDING CHAP-
TERS-MIm Wetberell U abducted by Nikola who demands aa ransom
from her father £150,000 a~J-----
terituum Ohio ¦¦¦IHiHH rell and her laver, Richard Ratteras, attempt n coup to relcaae her but are betrayed has been carried to Pipa Lannu. A yacht lo equipped and pursuit commences.
PANAMA $®2kCANAL 4
# i
• #
nr-
AbdNkAU,
if ***;&( A%
n my»-•tick. Mr. Wet ho-
i i

6CA
Hatteras finds nh«
PROPObCO NICARAGUA " CANAL
BRITISH RAILWAY
Is Under Construction and May Outdo the Canal of America's Pride.
m.
CHAPTER V
Spts
To those who have lmd no experience of the South Pacific thc constantly recurring beauties of our voyage would have seemed like a foret ante of Heaven itself. From Sydney, until the Loyalty Group lay behind us, wo had one long spell of exquisite weather. Ity night under the winking stars, and by day in the warm sunlight, our trim little craft ploughed her way across smooth seas, and our only occupation was to promenade or loaf about the «leeks and to speculate ns to the result of the expedition upon which wc had embarked.
Having sighted the Isle of Pines wo turned our bows almost due north and headed for the New Hebrides. Every hour our patience was growing greater. In less than two days, all being well, we should be at our destination, and twenty-four hours after that, if our fortune proved In the ascendant, wo ought to be on our way back with Phyllis In our possession once more. And what this would mean to me I can only leave you to guess.
One morning, Just as the faint outline of the coast of Aneityum was peering up over the horizon ahead, We there 11 and I chanced to be sitting in the bows. The sea was as smooth as glass, and the tinkling of tho water around the little vessel's nose as she turned it off in snowy lines from either bow, was the only sound to be heard. As usual thc conversation, after wandering into other topics, came back to thc sub-
This led us to make a few remarks anent Nikola and his character. There was one thing 1 had always noticed when the man came under discussion, and that was the dread Wet herd I had of him. My curiosity had long been excited us to its meaning, and, having an opportunity now, I could not help asking him for an explanation.
You want to know how it is that I am so frightened of Nikola ?” he asked, knocking the ash off his cigar on tho upturned flfeke, of the anchor alongside him. Well, to give you my reason will necessitate my telling you a story. I don’t mind doing that at all, but what I am afraid of is that you m%y be inclined to doubt its probability. I must confess it is certainly more like the plot of a Wilkie Colline novel than a bit of sober reality want to hear it you shall
I should like to above all things,” I replied, making myself comfortable and taking another cigar from my pocket longing to ask you about it for some time past, but could not quite scare up my courage."
Well,
Wcthcrcll said

f PAÔPOStO	- +
NICARAGUA
canal "
K*«
AUU7 # KONOUAAS
M HONOURA
noccs-
k.7


r


4^
V
0

fa

# i
replied tho boy ;
” 'None now,'
Bird's-eye view of the abortive Panama Canal, the proposed Nicaragua Canal, and the British railway. This last is partly built, and may completely ruin the American scheme to make thc Nicaragua Canal a paying property well as a strategic undertaking.
CA*J*n
*tu

o y

*
« I

Î
SA
S,'
CHIEF MEDICAL ADVISER
O
Sir William is ft favorite with His Majesty, and it was for his medical services to the Royal Family that he was awarded his baronetcy some
Tho King has in many
-AAOCUS

« #
V
<

years ago ei
ways shown his great regard for him. Sir William, who lives in Brook Street, London, and has a largo practice among the most fashionable people of the West End, is an all-round physician, but has made a special study of irregularities of the pulse and heart.
Another of the three is Sir James Reid, who was, as has been said, for many years Queen Victoria's resident doctor, and who was so much lfked by the King when Prince of Wales that he was even then made one of his physicians
At this point a violent fit of tage which Sir James possesses is coughing seized him and nearly tore that he received the greater part of him to pieces. I lifted him up a his training under the famous Sir little in thc bed, but before I could William Jenner, and since he was take my hands away n stream of quite a young man has been exblood had gushed from his lips, clusively in attendance upon the Like a flash of thought I ran to tho Royal Family. Therefore he knows door to call the girl, the boy on the King's constitution and the pc-the stairs re-echoed my shout, and culiarities which it has inherited and in less time than it takes to tell the developed as well «a he does his own.
But we As n doctor, Sir James is chiefly remarkable for his extreme silence and reticence, notwithstanding the fact "After giving her all the money 1 that he is tho soul of courtesy. His
for the demeanour in tho sick room is cheer-
>
#rVA


WAASOlf
cat, and, take my word for it, they fear him/
I looked at tho little stick in my hand and wondered if the man had gone mad.
'What do you wish mo to do with this?' I asked.
" 'Take it a way with you,' he answered, ‘and guard it with your life, and when you have occasion, use it. Remember you have in your hand what will raise a million men and thc equivalent of over ten

é .•
• V
# #

%
U . nearest our hearts
ns
thc end
bade me stop, while she went herself into the room, shutting thc door after her. 1 was left alone with the boy, who immediately took me under his protection, and for my undivided benefit performed a series of highly meritorious acrobatic performances upon the feeble banisters, to his own danger, but apparent satisfy t ion
about to commence what promised to be the most successful Item in his repertoire, he paused, lay flat on his stomach upon the floor, and craned his head over tho side, where, once banisters had been, and gazed into the half dark well below quint as the grave warning, an almond-eyed, pigtailed head appeared on the stairs and looked up tiling to stop him, the youth had divested himself of one slipper, taken it in his right hand, leaned over a bit farther, and struck the ascending Celestial a severe blow on thc mouth with the heel of it 0M00B was the noise of a hasty descent and the banging of thc street door a moment later, then all was still again, and tho youngster turned to
> .4^
t •
4.
'By our route,” ho said, we shall
to build up the Nicaragua Canal, the (,ujf Qf Mexico Lo the west coast, with or without the consent of Eng- jn other words, our route will be land. They will probably get their ’ the shortest	by	four days
canal, and with it a fine property	be prepared	to	put cargo
from the strategic point of view, but vessel on the east coast alongside a their blissful idea of combining stra-	vessel on	the west coast	withm
tegy with money prolits is likely to	twelve hours	at	a cost not	exceeding
be exploded. For British enterprise $5 a ton.
is taking care that whatever money "Each of the two canal schemes there is to be made in that part of will cost not far from $2<>0.000,000.
world shall fall into British To get a fair return of 4 per cent, pockets.	on that amount would mean a net
Thc world has heard a great deal revenue of $8,000,000 and gross reabout the Panama and Nicaragua venue of probably over $lo.OOU,UOU. canal schemes, but little about a To obtain that return a charge of third undertaking which is being about $7.50 a ton would have to bo quietly pushed forward by an Eng- ; made. All told, our scheme wil not lish firm interested in the develop- cost more than $25,000,000; there-ment of Mexico.	!*ore wo shall be able to carry cargo
There are now three competitors in at a much cheaper rate than either the race to connect the Atlantic and canal.
the Pacific. The Panama project is The existing railway is more or hampered by various causes, and Ni- less of a temporary nature, and Sir curagua is more or less in the air. Wectman Pearson has leased the line But what may be described as the	from	the Mexican Government
English scheme is well on the	way	fifty	years. Thc	new	line will
towards fulfilment, and will, it is strong enough to bear the heav.est anticipated, be ready for work years	traffic. Although	the	road is only
before either of thc canals.	102	miles long, it	crosses	020
The scheme consists of the build- bridges, all of which have been or ing or rather the rebuilding, of a will be rebuilt. This work together railway across the narrowest part of with the building of the harbours,, Mexico from Santa Crux to Coaz- will be completed in less than tlirw
acoaicos. At both termini great years time, harbors will be constructed. The It is characteristic of Japan s new-, town of Salina Crux will be remov- born enterprise that immediately her, ed to make room for a harbor cap- merchants heard of the scheme they able of affording anchorage for the arranged to put on a lino of steam-largest vessels. The whole under- ers from Japan to Salma Crux., taking is being carried out by | Messrs. Pearsons concession Includes
Messrs S Pearson, of Victoria St., | permission to start a special line of
at steamers in connection with the rail*
The people of tho United States
An ad van-
mil
• i
I 4
Suddenly, just as he was
We shall
from a
All was Then, without
the
woman was in the room were too late,—China Pete was dead.
However, if you
Before I could say any-
# #
• •
I had about mo to pay funeral, I bade her good-bye, and lui, but business-like to a degree, with the little stick in my pocket and ho never wastes words, while ho returned to my home. Once there never speaks outside of tho illnesses I sat myseif down in my study, took of one member of the Itoyal l ainily my legacy out of my pocket and not even to another unless a very in-carefully examined it. As to its timatc relative indeed. This alone peculiar power and value, as de- serves to make him well liked by the scribed to me by tho dead man, I King, who has, when at all lndis-hardly knew what to think. My posed, quite a morbid horror about own private opinion was that China the circumstance being publicly discussed.
I have been
There
in the first place,” Mr.
you must understand that before 1 became a Minister of tho Crown, or indeed a Member of Parliament, at all, I was a barrister with a fairly remunerative practice. That was before my wife’s death and when Phyllis was at
Up to the time I am going “This important piece of informa-to tell you about 1 had taken part tion he closed with a double-jointed in no very sensational case. But my oath of remarkable atrocity, and, opportunity for earning notoriety having done so, would have recom-whs, though I did not know it, near menced the performance of acroba-at hand. One day I was briefed to I tic feats had I not stopped him by defend a man accused of the murder asking the reason of his action, of a Chinaman aboard a Sydney ves- He looked at me with a grin, and sel on a voyage from Shanghai. At said,— first there seemed to be no doubt at all as to his guilt, but by a singular fhancc, with the details of which I will not boro you I hit upon a scheme which got him off. I remember the man perfectly, and a queer fellow he was, half-witted, I thought, and at the time of the trial within an ace of dying of consump-His gratitude was the more pathetic because he had not the wherewithal to pay me. However, he made it up to me in another way, and that’s where my real story com-
# «
I «
for
me

be
That was Ah Chong,’ ho said
'He s the sixth
i •
confidentially Chinkie I’ve landed that way since dark/
Pete was not sane at the time he told me
account for the affray with the Chinaman on the boat, and tho evident desire
THE OTHER KING’S DOCTOR
And yet, how was I to
and one of whom His Majesty is extremely fond, is Sir Francis Lak-_ . t .	. . .	. ,	.. ing, who holds the distinction of bo-
Sydncy had to obtain information . the first medical man to accom-
conccrning it ? After half an hour s	tho King on his travels since
consideration of it I locked it up in hIg ^cession. He was chosen to go a drawer of my safe and went up- wlth the King on his recent trip to
stairs to bed.	Germany, when His Majesty, whose
Next day China Pete was buried. nerves had been put to a severe
and by the end of the month I had gtraln by preceding events, really well nigh forgotten that he had ever necdod a doctor's counsel. Sir existed, and had hardly thought of Prancj8 has always been an excep-his queer little gift, which still re- tlonal faVorito with tho King by roa-posed in the upper drawer of my flon oi hlti extremely bright and live safe. But I was to hear more of it manner, which an eminent author-later on.	ity declared was In itself as good as
One night, about a month after half-a-dozen bottles of medicine and my coming into possession of the a 8urgicai operation stick, my wife and I were enter- ig to interest everybody who calls taluing a few friends at dinner. upon him in some way that will take Tho ladies had retired to tho draw- ^cir thoughts away from themsel-ing-room and I was sitting with tho ve8 and therefore he keeps in his gentlemen at the table over our rooma an enormous collection of cur-wlno. Curiously enough we had Just jog> which he talks about in turn been discussing tho main aspects j jje |H a greftt collector. As a doctor of the politics of the East when a ,ie is noted for having few “cranks" maid-servant entered to say that a and he tells those who ask him that gentleman had called, and would be the best system of life from a health glad to know if he might have an po|nt of view is to do what you like interview with me on important best, so long as it is sensible. He business. I replied to the effect is a great believer, however, in "con-that I was engaged, and told her to nervation of energy," and says that ask him tf he would call again in people wear themselves out too
The servant left the quickly nowadays.______He holds that
room only to return with the Infor- people who have to work for fifty motion that the man would be weeks in the year would do better to leaving Sydney shortly after day- spend their holiday in bed than rush light but that if I would see him off to the Continent, later on in the evening he would en-	The son of Sir Francis has mher-
dcaver to return , 1 therefore told the girl to say I would see him about, eleven o'clock, and than dismissed the matter from my mind
To Be Continued.
school
the Celestials in
• t
I dunno, but all I cares is that China Pete in there gives me a sprat (sixpence) for every Chinkie what I keeps out of the ouse He’s a rum one is China Pete ; an* can’t he cough—my word!*
I was about to put another question when the door opened and the girl who had brought me to the house beckoned me into tho room. I entered and she left mo alone with the occupant.
Of all the filthy places I have ever seen—and I have had the ill-
mam
was tho man called China Pete, whom I had last seen walking out of the dock at tho Supremo Court a couple of months before. When wo were alone together he pointed to a box near the bed and signified that I should seat myself. I did so, at the same time taking occasion to express my sorrow at finding him in this lamentable condition. Ho made no reply to my civilities, but after a little pause found strength enough to whisper, 'See if there’s anybody at the door *	1 went across, opened
the door and looked into the passage, but save the boy, who was now sitting on the top step of the stairs at the other end, there was not a soul in sight. I told him this, and having again closed the door, sat down on tho box and waited for him to speak.
You did mo a good turn, Mr. Wetherell, over that trial/ the invalid said at last, ‘and I couldn't make it worth your while/
” 'Oh, you mustn’t let that, worry you/* I answered soothingly. ’You would have paid me if you had been able.*
'Perhaps I should, perhaps I shouldn't, anyhow I didn’t and I want to make it up to you now. Feel under my pillow and bring out what yotf Anti there/ v
I did as ho directed me and
« 4
London. Some 2,000 present employed on the work under j way the personal direction of Sir Weet-
man Pearson, Bart.
The idea is to render thc Nicaragua and
practically useless
were not for the fact that the United States wishes to secure safe and speedv sea communication with her _ - colonies, the Nicaragua project would now probably bo abandoned.
Mr J. Meldrum, the foreign rep re-
Pearson, who
from
men are
Nearly the whole of thc land on both sides of the railway has teen bought up.
•‘The scheme itself,” said Mr. drum, "is essentially a British cne-The machinery, the bridges, and the locomotives are, with a few cxccp-* tions, coming from this country.”
Strangely ignorant though the average Englishman is of the resources and possibilities of Mexico, the country is developing rapt By. In the opening up of Mexico Messrs. Pearson have lent a very pract cal hand, for they have executed work to the value of $20,000,000, exclusive of the pi (sent great scheini.
4 4
4 4
His principle
Panama Canal schemes
Indeed, if it
tion
4 4
new
sentattve of Messrs^ has just returned to London Mexico, explained to a representative of the press the advantages claimed for the new scheme over the
two canals.
the morning
HE DESERVED A PASS.
His Majesty has only been seriously ill once in his life, but is regard- An excellent story is told of a cer* ed as an excellent patient from the ^ tnjn prominent railway director who medical point of view, in that he al- jg eqUa]jy renowned for his ability ways looks upon the brightest side majtc or take a joke. An em-ited his father’s taste for curiosities, I Gf things and refuses to lay himself	pj0ye>	whose homo	is in the coun*
and is an acknowledged expert in old	up for any trifling feeling of indispo-	^y applied to him	for a pass ta
furniture, and such-like, so that the sition. His Majesty goes about, his	jJis family.
King frequently sought his advice	business as usual when some other	yQU	are in the employ of thc com-
and assistance in alterations which	people would confine thcmselxcs °	paay?	inquired the	gentleman al-
hftve recently been made at the Royal	their rooms. His constitution is
residences.	good and he looks after it well, am
These three, to all intents and | whenever he feels a little out or
sorts he prefers to have people about
THE K.NG-S MEDICAL STAFF, I Mm jho will .augh and joke, am.
but it may surprise most people to advtse him that he "must really bo know that besides them there arc no | more careful.” fewer than thirty other appointments of one kind and another connected with it. They ore in most cases honorary.
There are five Physicians Extraor-
citcment.
'Arc you
she
Mr. Wethcrell?”
ns defended
4 4
‘the gentleman
in the trial the other
•aid;
China Pete day?’
I am/ I answered, What can I do for you? I hope China Pete
is not in trouble again?'
He’s in a worse
Sn’, ^dhe^nlmetoWh you to
-ss-jurs. »,	».
for?’ 1 asked rather suspiciously •• 'T‘m sure I dunno/ was
But he’s been calling
Send
« »

trouble this 'He’s
4 9
luded to
Yes
You receive your pay regularly?
Yes.
Well, now, supposing you were working for a farmer, instead of the company, would you expect your employer to take out his horses every Saturday night and curry you home?
This seemed a poser, but it wasn’t.
No, said the man promptly, I would not expect that; but if the farmer had his horses out and was going my way, I should call him a very mean fellow if he wouldn’t lei me ride.
The employe came out three minutes after with a pass good for twelve months.
purposes, comprise the whole of
WRITER AND READER.
A good and perhaps an old story comes from the Persian A man went to a professional scribe, and asked him to write a letter.
I cannot, said the scribe, I have a
pain in my foot.
A pain in your foot?! ¦	I
that to do with it? I don’t want to
send you anywhere.
No, sir, said thc man, but whenever I write a letter for anyone I am always sent for to read it, because one else can make it out.
4 4
the
r So off I came, when
Mr
for
iël
im
CENSUS OF CONSUMPTIVES
What has
, _ _	, New York State Department of
dinary, one Physician to the House- Health is about to take the census hold, an honorary Sergeant-Surgeon, of all persona in the State suffering three honorary Surgeons in Ordin- from consumption. This is a part ary, a Surgeon to the Household, a of a ^heme for systematically flghb-Surgcon Apothecary, an honorary I ing the disease. There are about Surgeon Oculist and nn honorary ( tô.DOO deaths a year due to con-
Surgeon Dentist,___$ Dentist to thc
Household, an honorary Anaesthetist, and a Chemist and Druggist;
4 4
40 4
no
sumption in New York State
FOR THOSE IN LOVE.
Cupid's darts make many Mrs. Love laughs at locksmiths; but the bulldog or a barbed wire fence is another matter.
~ Man was made to mourn, and wo-to see thit he docs so.
* •

on
• 0

0 0


###PAGE###4###


:
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
IF YOU NEED ANY PAINTS»®*»™ MASSEY-HARRIS
OÜOOOOO
SMART & SMITH
O

O
SH AW VILLE.
htmlurd) 7t) to 00c, Oats pur butthol, 20 to 30c. Vvasv por bushel, R» to 02c. Hucktt heat, 40e. pvr hush. Kggs, per dozen, 10c Butter, per pound, 11 to 1.1e. Wool, per pound. 1.1 to 10o. I'd ta, each, 00 to 73c.
Hides, $1.30 to l$.7r>. Calfskins, 83 to 40 cents each.
i|Ladysirtitfi Cash Store j
WARE ROOMS
SHAWVILLB
SHAWVILLE, JULY 4, 1901
Wheat
(
ibÆ
• 't' -5)
*0
The Citizen of Wednesday lent says It was olhcially itited t« d iy that it will be two months yet before any nouneement can be made about the census. An ( tticial speaking on the question said obstacles had arisen which will prevent as only an announcement as was « xpeeled. He tould not say what caused ihe dchiy but it was nothing serious. It was announced some time ago that the figures would *be given out about July 1st, and if the statement this morning proves true it will be September lit before t he result is known.
O
ti
Is the place for you to buy everything you need. We sell at lowest prices for cash, and pay best prices for .. .. Farm Produce.............
c
an*
Tudhope
o

«3
ti
O
o
H
W
H
Carnages


People s ty our Dress Gdodts are I be best
and stylish.

They are fancy
OTTAWA
ti
fk
Dm ter, print, 18c. per U>.
“	pall s. là to 16c. per lb.
Ktirvrs, fix'sh, 12c. pvv noz. Potatoes. It) to lâc. per bag. Lamb, 7 to 12c. per lb. Mutton, 8 to ltV. peril).
Docf 3 to 8c. per lb.
Pork. $8.50 to $n.23 per 1(K).
Chickens, 23 to 3 k\ a pair. Oats, : 3 to 83c. per bushel.
Hay, $7.00to $10.00per ton. Wool. 1:1 to 1 lc. per lb.
1)1
and Men * Suits, in up-to-date stvli t ns$omar< van have their choice W i good Scutch Tweeds and Serges. W e guar i make to he llr>t-class.
bJ
%
Failure of Vaccine as a Protection .
M
ARE THE MOST RELIABLE FOR MANY REASONS:

nr Medicine Department is complete. We only keep g.>0.1, I rest», pure medicines, sure to cure, fir l.u> tie's I um nek i» medicines an- known world*\>id u remedy I# a guarantee of l.lgl
H
M
i heir
THE MATTER M>t l’SSKI> AT THE ANNt’Al MKKTINU OK THE HEALTH OKKIi'RHM
OK ONTARIO.

U .UUl‘ ou
Md
â i
o
4
*
I
o

IM stock of Hoots and Shoes will l e sold nt from ZS to .VI per tent below retail price, to make room for new Movk.
They are all finished with the latest improvements : Thousand-mile axles ; Bailey body loops ; roller curtains, and roller rub irons. The material is guaranted to be the best that money can buy, and the workmanship superior.................
( )
H
O
ta
Brantford, .lune 20
g
- A note of warn* in g on the faillir of \ « ne as . ti u s # protection against smallpox, was sounded at the annual meeting «.f the Association of Executive Health Officers of Ontario. A number of representative physicians from different parts of Ontario united in testifying that thousands of cases of so called vaccination were utterly worthless as a protection.
Various causes are asctibed, including careless handling and administration by doctor*, careless transportation by rail ways, but chiefly the desire of the mauu facture» to carry the refining too far, and to sacrifice the practical for the entitle or commercial side.
The association decided to appoint a special committee to look into the question.
J. F. GRONAU.
P. S.—Don’t forget that we guarantee our goods to be new and up to date.
BUY FROM US AND SAVE MONEY.
W ---iiiMB— i m ,, ,-
oooooojtfaiLI dZSZ 'AVNOtlO 'J 'fuooooi
%
For
NEAT-FITTING
WELL-MADE
??CLOTHING
r


They don’t Cost any more than inferior Carriages and are fully Guaranteed.
McCormick Harvesting1 Machinery
!
SCI
EVERYWEERE TAKES THE LEAD.
11 THE 2 TAILORS ’	---—---------
Main Street, Shawville. Every Prosperous Farmer has a
SMART & SMITH
MÇCOIMSCK
OFFICIAL MINUTES COUNTY
COUNCIL.
FOR

%

Carriage Painting
Minutes of proceedings of the quarterly session of Municipal Council of the Corporation of the First Division of the County of Pontiac, held in Council Hill in the Village of Bryson, on Wednesday the twelfth day ct June, one thousand nine hundred and une, at the hour of ten in the forenoon, at which session were present the Warden, 0. 11.
Brabaxon, Esq , Miyor of Portage du Fort, and the following County Councillors, viz :
F. P. Li fond, Esq., Mayor of the township of Aldheld ; J. B. Maim.lie, E q.,
Mayor of the Township of Allumette Island; E Graham, E q , Mayor cf the township of BriVol : V. McNally, Esq Mayor of the township cf Calumet I m land ; F. C l>.z>uch.\ Esq., Mayor of the Village of Bryson ; Wm. Lacey, E .<
Mayor of the Village of Chapeau ; W.
Dunn, Esq , Mayor of the township ul Chichester ; Jno. Stewart, E-q J of the township of Clarendon Sh arpe, E*:q., Mayor of the Village of i Fort Cou longe ; D. Moore, Esq., Mayor of the united townships of Leslie, Chap* , ham, &o ; E. BamforU, Esq., Mayor of the united townships of Mansfield and Pontefract ; Wm. Mooney, E-q., Mayor ! of thi mu licipahty o:	N >r:h O.is-
low; W. 11. Meredith, Esq , Mayor of the Village of Quyon ; Jno. A C >wan,
Esq., Mayer of the Village of Shawville ;
M Hiyes, E q , Mayor if the united TT	,
townships of Sheen, Esher, Arc ; D ÜB-V6 C0IHI116IlC6d OpOl'cl- •
li"“s for u-e sens,,, ami| ALP. HOWARD, - Agimt . SHAWVILLE.
of township Thorne ; Jas Adams, Eiq.,
Mayor of the united tiwnshipsof VVal-thaai and Bryson ; forming a quorum der the presidency of the Warden.
The minutes of last session ware read and adopted on motion of Mayor hrewait aeonded by Mayor E. Grahaiu.
The Warden an t M .y. r Meredith give Custom WOI*k Will receive a short account of interviews of the committee appointed at last sessfo i with the careful and prompt atten-
Premier, Sir Wilfred Luirier and Hon.	?: xll	i ,i . . i i*
Israel Tarto with reference to the Pon-	1 ‘ » aild	tilt* J>111>11C lliaj
tiac Colon iz it ion Railway bill, and of the rely oil	flip lip>r sit
defeat of the bill by the Railway C m- . /	°	°
mittee.	lSlilCtlOD.
The question cn'ab’nhing the line between the Towships of Bristol and C ar-endon war now considered.
Mr. Kelly, of the Township of Brim being present wta permitted to address the Council with reference to establishing of the line and laying out a road thereon.
Mayor E. Graham moves, seconded by Mayor J. Stewart, that this Council employ a surveyor, S. L Brabazon, P L S ,
<>f Portage Fort, to establish that portion of the Town line batwee 1 the Townships of Clarendon and Bristol, from the front of the tenth concession to the rear of the twelfth concession of the Township f Bristol, and that the cost of said survey be levied on the townships of Clarendon and Bristol.—Carried.
Moved Mayor by Mooney, seconde \ by Mayor Bamford, thatjthis Council adjourn ; to 1.30 p.m.—Carried.	j
i
JHE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
FARMERS !
call and inspect our
Binders,
Mowers
# • ‘
and
>

4
/
and

# «ffvK
Sign Writing
i
A S

a a ¦

t
WÈ
Call on tîieM^Cormick Aûbo^ .
THE McCORMICK BINDER.
The Prosperous Farmer always has a
(à, ièt, ^c=F=-
.‘M.’wv6ii#«7hCvï K^kp«e'.*Xu4»M(iwt*4tn*yi«a< v*m» Imu 4 ftfwnft/t «1/t Cki
IK
TRY
LAWTON
Mm
¦
Shop - - Smiley’s Block.
SHAWVILLE.
,1,
1 *
PONTIAC WOOLLEN __
MILLS M
«*
Mayor
; Wm.
X

X
Right-hand
CALL
OH Tfit
,e.
MCCORMICK
AGENT
v*
#
V.
4 •
-v
ù)f







We have also Buggies, Express
agons, Harness, Churns.
I MÇCopMicK R

f/

ï

r
F kv
m



•"Wftt..*
f «

McRAE & McGUIRE

4
will be found thoroughly Repairs always kept on hand.
equipped to do a satisfactory trade with the farmers of the surrounding country.
V
un
Here it is !
The P!aceGOODS
1901
1901
NEW
OR
I
OREMOST
URNITURE.
NEW
GOODS
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Eavetroughing,
Qoofiqg and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test aud you’ll prove it.
ANDREW HODCINS,
NOW OPENING OUT
i
.
US
AT-
For Service.
55$ Up-to-Date Store
»
We have also a first-cl
The pare bred Shorthorn Bull Pern King (Reg. No. 3431. Dominion Short Horn Herd Book.) Bred bv A. Hager of Plan taganet. Ont. Dam T'vrn Queen. (No. 31 21*0 by Proud Duke. (144S3, by Oak fern, imported. (IHUM). Fee, one dollar for sin g!e animals. Reduction made to parties bringing herds. Apply to
assortment of
STARKE’S
CORNERS.

TERMS REASON A ISLE.
CHARGES MODERATE. HATISFAt TION UVARANTKED.
\	- ¦¦¦ — " — (J —» — «—¦ —
PERSONAL ATTENTION.
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
F. ÀRMSTSONG. or E. T. BROWNLEE, Loti*, R. 6. Clarendon.

9
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply
because it’s 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheap- DALE BROS
er than our
Pulpwood Notice.
¦0	1	¦	___ We are prepared to purchase peeled
Pursuant to adjournment the Council , Poplar and Basswood at 82.90 per cord,
delivered on the P. P. J. Railway line bv the Fii>t of April, 1902.
For further particular* apply to Mac-••«1»	. _	.. , farlane Bros.. Campbell's Bay. Parties
Mayor Sloan laid before the C junctl a wishing to take wood out are requested, - ,	0	00 I 0
SÎMiiÆ: j """"" •’wm whlch we guarantee will produce 36 to 37 8-lb. lie, mking thit » reed be maie on tne	—- pans of beautiful flaky, white bread? If you are
Town line between the Townships of Treasurer—Carried.	I	J
LitehEe'd and Thorne.	Mayor Hayes moves, seconded by USing B pOOT flOUT COmjDBrG TOSllltS fUldyOU Will
Mayor Sloan moves, seconded by Mayor ! Mayor Cowar, that m the event nf the	.,	v
Moore, that this Council appoint Mr. j Inca municipalities having failed to pay P&y	til6 Qltl6r6nC6 111 piTCG GVGFy tlD16. *
Thomas Reid, of the Township of Litch* |	their proportion of interest and sinking	11	J	L	I	l	.	..	D	,
field, special superintendent to visit and	fund to the Bank of Oitawa in time to j	US6u	Dy	lOCâ! Rflu	City	D&kSTS
lay out a road on the Town line between	meet the payment of interest falling due
the Townships of Litchfield and Thorne, !	on the first of July next, on the Riil-
from the centre of lot 28 Range ft to	way Debentures'; the Warden and the
Range 10 in the Township of Litchfield, i	Secretary Treasurer are hereby author-
and report to this Council in Sept, next, tzed and empowered to borrow from the, all at the expense of the Township of ; Bank of Ottawa at Ottawa the sum of One
thousand dollar# and sign a note for the same on behalf of this Council.—Carried.
Shawville.
ass *0.hied at 1.30 p.m | WÊÊKBÊ bers present with B. J. Sloan, E <j , Mayor of Litchfield in addition.
The same mem
“Gold Medal” Brand,
Silas Young.
r. s.
for CalfÆÆ 1>aid
Fop Sale I
80,000 feet of
FRESH and CURED
MEATS
Special Prices in 5-barrel lots.
LUMBER.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
of all kinds at
Will be Hold in any quantity tosuitpur-chaser*. The alcove lumber Is composed of inch pine and hemlock ; 2 Inch elm plank, 2x4 scantling and 2x8 joists.
We have also for sale Twenty Village J»ots fronting on Norway Bay.
E. GRAHAM,
or WM. GRAHAM, 7
El inside, (jue.
THE SHAWVILLE
That valuable property at Brihtol Corners. Hfl	i It IV	1	1
stives;sisKrza&r1 Meat market
erected a good dwelling with out-baild- V	w
ings, all in first-class order. Must I* sold	-
—	| J. o. McGHIRB,
Litchfield. —Carried.
The question of building a Council Hall and office for the use of the secy- Mayor Kennedy- moves, seconded by treasurer with a vault for the safe keeping Mayor Mamville, that the Secretary-of the records was now considered.	Treasurer be granted two months leave of
Mayor J. Stewart mores, seconded by absence from the office after the first of Mayor Adams, that the Warden and the July.
Secretary-Treasurer be appointed a com On motion of Mayor Mooney, second-mittee to secure a suitable building for • ed by Mayor Dunn, the Council ad-an office for the use of the Secretary- < j earned.
For Sale,
FOR SALE
The N. E. half of the R. half of I»t 31 in the 4th Range of the Township of Thorne.
containing fifty acres,, more or less, with
about 10 acres of good hay thereon. Terms
to suit purchaser. •
Apply to THOS PREN DERG AST,
Rad for J
Apply to
William J. LkRoy.
Proprietor.


###PAGE###5###

3U






- r
*' 4 VI

THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No 816.
{ 10 FÎ
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests. I
ruiitruuKii avaar tuvhhday
AT 611 AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A UAH IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearage are paid, uulese by special arrangement with Clio publisher.
In Advertising
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.

tM
4 ^ ika
Meets the 4th Wed nee day of every mouth.
Court due* m u*L be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethreu cordially Invited.
QUE.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
LHC,
WE ARE CAREFUL TO REPRESENT OUR GOODS AS YOU WILL FIND THEM, BOTH AS REGARDS PRICE AND QUALITY.
f. A. Cow an, H H
H. N. Harnett, F.B
A. SMILEY, Prop.
John Hrckftt, C. It
r

. ADVKttTlSlNd RATES :
Legal advertising. eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cents per lino for each subsequent Insertion.
Huai ness carda not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
Loos! announcements Inserted at I he rate
of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accoinpaiivliiK them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly, far Your Turn next
Birth, marriage and death notices pub--------------_
llahed free of charge. Obituary poetry tl. cents per Hue.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
The Celebrated
McLaughlin Carriages
Now in Stock.
I )
<> o <> <) o O 0
or *
Tempting Prices in Crockery.
A Fahhionaiile Ha hi Cut, Croon Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Fine English Porcelain T and blue coloring, at $: 00 a set.
Our new Toilet sets
va .Sets
44 pieces—in green
tee
ALL STYLES ALL PRICES
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING,
10 pieces
colors, at $2.25, *2.50, »
nicely decorated, in 00 and $4 00.
patterns ;
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order* by nnti promptly attended to.
» I
• >
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWTILLB, - - QUE
JOHN A. COWAN,
These Carriages stand unrivalled for Finish, Workmanship or quality of Material used.
McLaughlin
—the high-
Libit
proving that for real merit these
Table Tumblers—pressed Dishes, Gem Jars—all size.
Publleher.
Glass Sauce
Business Cards.
At the Paris Exposition last year the Carriages were awarded the Silveu Meiml est honor attainable in their class, and the whole was sold in Paris goods are on top.
MEDICAL.
Libby’s Canned Meats.
F. M.A. McNaughtoq,
A huge, wcH-Milevied and varied slock of I limiture always on band, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
1 also ke<p a complete stock of Funeral Furnishing», ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
ex
fiiiADüATK ok McGill University,*
O/Hoe -Residence of the lute Dr. II. If Knox, Shawville.
OlHcu hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
We have received a well-assorted stock of
-above goods, comprising the following :
Chicken Soup, Ham Loaf, Veal Loaf, Corn
Beef, Cottage Cheese Head and Mince Meat.
• #
• •
• e
A. SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
‘t
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate . of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med, College, Toronto. Orne» asd Riuidksce : J. II A aw ir Row*,'* House, MAIN STREET - • SHAWVILLE.
Just received-A car-load of Chatham waggons The best.
District and Country.) Hot W©<ltll©P
A/

Specials
The total p trade strength of the Cana-
EDURBEAU RAINVILLE, L.LL, |oSS£T?i5»!S^'SSi£“
-s «u'l |> >x is said to be nearly stamped out in Hull.
LEGAL.
Express and
HI Buggy Wheels
mm ALL SIZES.
Ladies and Misses* silk spun Lisle, Maco and Cotton
weight, double soles and ankles—2"

ADVOCATE . . BRYSON will visit Shawville kvkky Monday.
HK
Huge—light to 7.1 cents per pair.
)

0
Two more cases of small-; ox have trt>ken out at Chelmsford.

The Kingston electric car men rc turned o woik having got their demands.
ti,t	. . Francis Montreul fell into the pond at
i:	n 85, Tnit Building No. is Spark»J ] th'a Mill, O.uw», and was drowned
ul»| UvtilWfl| V/llt •
WM. GAMBLE,
Ladies and Misses Summer X ests, in Lisle Thread and Cotton, 5 cents up.
Some lines Wash Fabric
BARRISTER, &o
NV ild at raw berries are ripe* ing fast At Sh.wvllle. «econu *nd fourth TUursd.y ,„j mpply thi. ynr will no d„ubt be
of each month.	j plentiful
Afflce—over O. F. Hodglns* Store, Main St.
and Muslins, half price.
Farmers, secure the test Binder Twins in the market at
ij
a i
RIGHT PRICES. McDOUCALL and ICUZNER,
Pet ill drfeite-l Almonte latt week by 5
CEO. C. WRICHT,|uw.°“!l’ l—
8f. Pauid Anglican Church Renfrew, consecrated yesterday by the Lord Bishop of Ottawa.. ....
C. Price’s atom at Copper Cliff, destroyed by fire hat week, along with his residence and storehouses.
C tunty Chief of Police Bliss haa been dismissed by Carleton County Council for I
Irniency toward, ui.orderly Louie.	Royalty and the C. P. R.	The Bounty Ceasee.	Containing 111! pages, a beautiful ;iitho-
The atone crusher belonging to the	•--- --------------------------------- graphic plate of a group of differenf fowls
township of Drumimnd has earned a good A train “fit fora K ng” is being built K£Xa El,WARD W,LL N,'T o>ntinpr the in natural colors, engravings of all kinds deil of rno.jey for that tuwLahip this hy the Canadisn Pacific railway shops in H0Nl s IJ MüTHBR 0F triplets. of land and water poultry, description# 8i,r*nK-	Montreal, and it is intended to carry T; _	°f the breeds, plans for poultry he
The Cobden branch <if the Rank of Duke and Duché is of Cornwall and i netdnco itinuattcwof the royal bounty how to manage	H g
Ottawa is to be opnnel just as soon as i York ÜVer ,,H Canadian Pacific Railway ^ three pounds to marned women who caponizing, and the value of different
Mr. D. C. Collins gets his	new	building	wMle ih*f 0 on their transcontinental	I r.,p î9 b°m ° thfr,n 1,1 <;'ina,da	w|11	^reed* It	will be mailed to any	of our
ready for it.	•	8	our. No expen e is be ng spared t)	nr,t ,ld,i a large Hiving to the Kings privy	readers for	15	cents,	by the Associated
.	0	make the train as elegant and complete Pur*®\ 1 he system of giving bounties Fanciers, 400 North Third Street, Phila
James Summerside while loading at ties as possible, and is iu'ended to ke a model	Cl,,,e wa9 txtended ,0 Canada delphia,	¦	¦
uhelmsfurd station, had the misfortune	of boauty. The private car intenled for	m 8,4 Since that time thirty-two	ap-
to fall before a falling car	and	he died	the Duke an 1 Duchess will be especially	Potions have been made, of which	ten	A deposit	of	asphalt	has been	found
from the injuries received.	well built,'and many new f-ature* in	involving an expenditure near Toronto, which is said t> te equal
• ~ és-sssi
V H. v‘ t‘>,vo y £tUQC,‘ hes roted	------------- J. Fit kin. Mrs. Odillioh Dorian, Mr, F. new Kingston & Pembroke Iti'lway
”	.	A-otber Railwnr TT ppap U. MvAndrew, Mrs James Howard, Mrs. branch, h is hoped that the line will
Rev. R. Black, Methodist missionary ;	Y *	Sam Little, Mrs. Lucie M Melancon and he built to Linark before the clote of th
to the Indians on the Whitetish reserve,	.	,	Mrs. Oliver Lihaie. The last four were V@ar.
has been transferred to tho Parry Sound	j Peru, Indiana, June 2U.-S xteen per	granted in 1000. It will be observed
reserve.	I tone were killed and about 50 seriously	that the first and last lady who enjoyed
injured in a wreck of train No. 3, the	the royal bounty was a French-Oanadian
westbound Wabash limited, nine miles	judging from the name. There was only
1	j west of this city at 12 30 a m. The dead	1 application inide through the state de- i
I are all Italian immigrants en route to	part men I during the present year, but no
j Colorado. Many of injured will undoubt- actif n was taken in regard to it.	j
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
G.F.HODGINS
was
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC',
Trust Building—
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
was

48 Spark* Street, Ottawa. Phone No. 10*21.
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
Attend* court* of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
A Book on Poultry.
J. C. ELLIOTT,
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
•I
ADVOCATE, «te.,
\ MAIN STREET, i HULL; • - QUE.
At Shawville 3rd Thursday each month. At request attend* C ourt* in District of Pontiac. Prompt collection* and immediate remittance*. Special attention to correspondent*.
DEALER IN
AND MANUFACTURER UK ALL KINDS OF
LAW CHAMBERS
Ml SON,
an incubator, all about
Sough and Dressed
W. W. IRELAND,
Pa.
Lumber Shingles, Sc.
Clerk of the District Magistrate»' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyaucer. Deed*, Mortgages, etc., executed legally anil natla-faclorily. '
9
QUE.
SHAWVILLE - -
PLANING & MATCHING
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PU8LI \ NOT iRY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVINGS . CO.. OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO IX)AN ON KÀMY TERMS.
BRYSON, -
Will be In Shawville on Tues 1 nd Sa
unlay of every week.
«lone to order.

CUSTOM SAWING
done as cheaply as the cheapest
QUE.
Mrs. MMIS
Highest Cash Price paid for all kinds of sound Logs, Shingle Bolts, Ac.
Jeremiah Malette, employed by Booth and Shannon aa a cook was killed on Wednesday on the C. P. It., track Papineau ville.
J. J. TURNER,
lici:n>i:d ahtionf fortbeCounty!
Rontlac. flafeaconducted in a bu*loc88-lJÉe I Rov. Father Fallon, Ottawa, will be | ^dly die.
BEHSSHiE	SÏ
11c sales conducted at Shawville once a versity of Ottawa, month, a variety of article* always on band for sale; Office; Shawville, Que.
near
MAIN STREET, - SHAWVILLE.
A Big Pulp Concern.
New Sailor and Walking Hats Laces, Silks, Flowers and Feathers, Chiffons and other Novelties in this .. Season’s Styles...
The dead : 10 Italian immigrant*.
The injured include Mrs. Win Gotten, wife of the Uen.-Supt. of the Iron Mountain railway, badly bruised.
The engine plunged through a trestle which had been undermned by the recent heavy rains
WILL ERECT THE LARGEST 1‘APER MILL IN THE WORLD IN QUEBEC.


PATEN TS
Cald well's carding and woolen mill at : I Lanark, Was almost destroyed by tire last week. The loss is considerable with but - small insurance.
The contractors for tho granolithic I pavement in Perth are making rapid pro-j gress with the work and the citizens are ! well satisfied with the work.
Montres', June 26.—The recent purchase by a syndicate headed by Messrs.
W. H. Davis. < f Ottawa, and David Russe l, of Montreal, of nearly 1,100 mile# of the finest pulp and timber lands in this province, is now stated to be the
commencement of one of the largest deals ^ep customers in prices and styl completed in Canada in recent years.
The limits already bought contain 2,000,000 cgda of pulp wood and over 3,000,000 saw logs. Several other limits on the same rivers are already under option which will enormously increase these quantities. The intensive area is situated on the head waters of the St< Maurice A Female Teacher holding « flr>t-cta*8
r- SSSSBwSSSS
make this section the greatest pulp and year of 220 days actual teaching. Anpli paper district in the worlfL	* cant to state salary required, and to be in
It is the intention to develop a new the hands of the undersigned not later than water power near the limits and to erect 1 ,ie 1 {?,! "f *,u^< nex** what w II probably be the largest iudi-	LA WHENCE SLATTERY,
.„d	...»
Philadelphia names are mentioned in connection with the deal.
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
PROMPTLY SECURED!
Sudden Death.
Write for our interesting books “ Inventor's Help" and 41 Mow you are swindled." Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and wewllltellyou free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted *y us. We (conduct fully equipped offices in Montres .and Washington ; this qualifies us to prompt ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patent as broad as the invention. Highest reference furnished.
Patents procured through Marion 8c Marion receive special notice without charge in over loo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
Call and see her. She will please all
•f
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bur always well furnished.
FIRST CLAaa Livery Attached.
ADELBERT S. HAY, FORMER Ü. CONSUL AT PRETORIA, FALLS TO lilS DEATH IN NEW
HAVEN, CONN.
Mils. M< WILLIAMS.
Ate Their Own Child

over
GHASTLY CRIME FOR WHICH AN AUSTRIAN WILL HANG AND WIFE GO TO PRISON.
Teacher Wanted.
New Haven,. Conn., June 24.—The
,, _	, on	; lifeless body of Adelbert Hay, son of
tenna, June 26.-An extraordinary Secretary Hay, and former consul at Pr*-c.ie of c.nmtwli.m has been for several lorili picked up uutlide the New Ha
PRACTICAL Æ." Hu.b.e„dC0U:»d° wif"	!	whh "friend'^L"r%'the
WATCHMAKER Bratü*’ theowner#cf a small wine shop, evening and registered
were accused of the murder of their !	i o'clock in the morning, when he retired
.	T ***\ "Vi0 ? fdjo,nin5foreal' :	for the night. How he met his death is
JEWELLER	After the murder the body was brought	a mystery, but it is supposed he went to
home and eat up. part of it being cooked j	|,je window for air, became dizzy and fell
a *' a aker a oven, after, which the in- , A cigarette was found on the win
human pair sat down and devoured ft. dew ledge and it is thought he fell out
I ..J £!ïuî ZA T.u ”*„1 Sys ! ISS?‘"*
psttieohrs. He declared that he had, Mr. Hay wa. .imply overwhelmed by
Kfere*“‘*- —H
h* use. The man was sentenced to be hanged and the woman to three years' hard labor.


L
i
)
llfr
k.
u
at the hotel about
MARION & MARION
Patent Éxperts and Solicitors.
Offices; |
i
New York Life Bldg. Ion tree I Atlantic Bldg,Washington D C.
m
KEEPS
A A KLRf
watches,
CLOCKS,
jewellery.
• SfLVf RWABE
& Ac.
k
Election Notice.
Q
50 YEARS'
EXPERIENCE

19 Stowaways
A ship cin.e into port the other d.y PROVINCE OF QUEBEC, with no less thhn nineteen tt jwaways m Municipality of Clarendon Unrd, w hoexp a ned that the advertise Public Notice Ls hereby given,that there merit# that they hai seen concerning will be held on Monday the Eighth day of Canada had induced them to atta' a paa.- ' Ju|)"'?"® thousand vight hundred hud
„e,u,hs land of promi. Thl. inch
dent proves two «hinge . First, that Can- ville, a meeting of the proprietors of real nu is becoming bitter and mors fa?cr- ' estate of this Municipal!tv entered as ably known in Britain, and second, that HUch upon the Valuation Roll, and having advertising dois pay. The stowaways l)ai,l ^li their School taxes and other oon-
:t“ " r - fy? saasî'ïtt
that induced them to come to Canada, and stead of Ralph Hod gins and Robert where they were given to understand Smart, Esquires, whose term of office
It expires,
Given at Shawville, this 24th day of June, 1901.

i
ATENTS
56
.1
it
riALITT.


To Buy Yukon Gold.
SHAWVILLE, 6.
Drowning Accidents
Trade Masks
Disions Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending » «ketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an invention is probably patentable. Communie*, tlone strict lyconfldentlaL Handbook on Detente sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.
Patenta taken through liunn A Co, raoeli •prrial notice, without charge, in the
Scientific American.
Thomas J. McCaffrey, formerly man •g^r of Union Bank of Canada in Win Arnprior, Ont.f June 27.—Wilbert l ipfg, will he buiine*a n-ai ager cf the Duncan, aged seven, son of James Dun* new assay office to ba established at Van-can of I hie town was drowned this morn couver, B. C. Prof. H*ane\ superm ing in the Maiawaska river at the white tendent of mines hav'ng purchased the bridge, w hile playing on a boom atick. necessary appaiatus in New Yuik, is now J. G Moulton, of Renfrew, was drown on hi# way out to the or ait to efart the ed last Thursday morning.	Hie	team	of	oftice’ It	ie learned that all the mining	that work was plenty and wages good
horses drinking in the liver	got	beyond	work now	carried on by the geological	js to be hrp.d that these adventurous
their depth and in attempting their	re	survey stiff will be transferred to the	youths will not be disappointed in their
ecue he was drowned,	control of	Prof. Haanel.	expectations.—Ottawa Events.
Teacher Wanted
For School No. 1, Lower Litchtied, Female holding a second class K diploma. Application* stating salary expected, to be addressed to the undersigned OP Of before the fifth day of July
« PETER McLEi
' June 26th.
, 1901.
AN,
Secy-Treasurer,
Bryson, Que.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. I^rveet dr. eulatlon of any scienuSc journal. Terms, Û »
H. MATHESON. .
Sec. Trees.
l




###PAGE###6###

w




MM



THE NATION IS A GAINER. IN MERRY OLD ENGLAND.
K OTES A\D COMMENTS.
, I rrt™,ri they hate made trades i stlïu
The Chinese Imperial Government I *** >Vc ,eur that there are but two	_ with a point, until Nettlefold con-
“¦	I «H	°“£„,,râ21^rro MlEHHHrE
mposing Western civilisation	_	I other towns. llcsidos making a vaut
on the Middle Kingdom to the Ja- __	I fortune, he presented the country .
panose; or else the pnrcollation of | >ather of lhltlsh Tramways—The with a Held for labor worth $10,-1 Revenue of the Crown Lands OverGalvanised Iron Trade—Gave 1000,000 per annum, for when the
patent ran out the
A few years ago
NOTES nr MAIL ABOUT JOHN BULL
AND HIS PEOPLE.
IT COSTS EDWARD VII *100,000 A MONTH TO BE KING.
crs that the shall be fixed at 450,000,000 taels. It has been repeatedly stated that this sum amounts in our currency to $837,000,000; but, at the rate of 70 cents a tael, it would obviously be equivalent There has been, as yet, no agreement touching the particular revenues which arc to be earmarked for the interest and amortization of the now debt. Nevertheless, the Powers seem to consider the Chinese problem s«Svcd, for the bulk of their troops
Rrcwril or Ocrarrenm laa ike Ua<t TIM ****** »«Preiue la ike CeatstercUl
nerlil.
balances the Civil List—Valuable Property.	r	Mart, Tokcnbcmsc-ynrU,
ImI E*@#te55 BSSi
IProÉPÉB
No got his schemes through Par- 30.000.000 gallons per year are whol°’ or cven 11,0 grater part, of inches round its body.
. , .	mmvnt saw to the laying of every drunk, being nearly twice as groat t,lc civi1 ,lst mon,C8» ^ considered Tho Countv Court bnilifT distrained
===== pTlMWsœWss
===— ppïSÊ mmm Nsafsa-fe=====ébhhes
There is no reason to believe that ,al^ht hftV* been seen, centuries ago, horses, of which he owned over nnd a ycar a,ler that thore Wuro 80 ‘ rents accruing from the Crown f ?"bout a game certificate. Ho she will withdraw any considerable ?'°‘V,ng	fr<),.“	brai"	and	tfinf««	4,000,	and	ten large towns, includ- °®° workl1ng ftt K*Bgcr-bccr breweries Lands to the nation, receiving there- UÏ'' <l,mwly bcon ,n prison ,or
%55'C:r:BE™.™	flume
workers, all paid out of the profits I	elded to permit collections to ho
of the trade, and costing $40,000 to * "is Crown property is very valu- made in the schools towards the provide.	nbIe’ an<l wou,d be far more so wero funds now being raised at the Man-
Finally May no Roberts, who in- il not for tho fact that it is strictly sion House on behalf of tho Nation-vented and nursed into a r.ource of ( entailed. I he whole of tho Now 1 or- al Victoria Memorial.
and brings in a joint revenue of $4,- f,ul u,ott» nnd which include some of the change.
000 000 a venr.	lhc	very best districts in all Lon-,	¦
'	*	don.	"Clubland"	is Crown land. L M!* 0wcn Thomas, for upwards of
Tho Carlton, the United Service, tho ! , 40,v® KCM* heatl gtm,oncr t0 hcr
late Majesty at Froginore has
tired on a pension. Ho will be succeeded by the King's head gardener nt Sandringham.
the whole empire among foreign Powers
Britain a Now Metal.
We shall gain, no doubt, by the recent military and naval demonstration u certain amount of delay. Hut we have only scotched tho snake, not killed n
to only $315,000,000
The venom of
i hi nose hatred for foreigners to be as deep-seated, and us active as ever
seems as pervasive
being rapidly withdrawn, al« SHAWL WEAVING IN PAISLEY, though legation guards arc to be	<•	__
kept in Pekin, end garrisons main- ] Product of Scotch Workmen ' fciinud in Tientsin and near the
louth of the Pei-ho River. As a
matter of fact, however, 1
mental questions namely, whether I at Glasgow, Scotland hereafter the legations at Fokin will °bcitod considerable comment
are
Equal
to Finest Fabrics of India
- ».	1 J»	"""""
shawls
has
on ac-
1
1
i
:
i
1
that Russia is at this moment vir- ,
I
1
i
H
1
i
i
«
t
her trans-Siberian railway shall | tntc these shawls in the loom became
the mission <‘f the town of Paisley for two or three generations. The fame of the Paisley shawl spread to for the most distant corners of the globe .
Their manufacture became the chief i <lu.nl vrs industry of that town, numbering at that time 50,000 inhabitants.
At that time the Paisley shawl was I XNV,V employed in it last year, and a in universal wear by ladles of I revenue of $17,500,000 was brought highest degree and by all classes, cs-j *n There arc 1.500 miles of tramped ally on Sundays and holidays. ways in Britain, and they carried Now they are only	| 600,000,000 passengers last year—a
stupendous total,
i
1
have been finished; and, obviously, when the line is completed she will have an even stronger motive
1
1

protecting it than she now has. Nor is this the only indication that projects of dismemberment have been by means abandoned According to a telegram printed in a London newspaper, France is preparing to annex at an early date the island of Hainan, which is of great strategetic ns well as commercial value two Powers,
<
At present 500,000 people thrive in tho tram business, 300,000 horses
no
sctl
CHEIUSIIEB HEIRLOOMS
3
FIFTEEN TIMES THE POPULATION,
the bequests of a past generation, full of quick interest to the younger
If these in addition to their
race, and relics of former fashions of the British Isles. Moreover the and former times. The freshness business has added $*.000 000 a
5%	5.	I FACTS T™*™ i ars- z
EE'~ ™ mkÊiïSà	2
E—EHE~	:v::::::::: S3 she	-
mm	atate to as.ut I The shawl being an article of fash- for tcn long years, turning out the | versarios
ion, there were times of ebb and now iron with his own hands and by is far from I flow; periods of great prosperity and j the help of his son, before it "caught He pronounces the deter- I seASOns of terrible depression and on.” Then the world suddenly woke
. » >««“» t.g.tion i smsa *2 r°«x,a 2S. ztztz
quartci in I ekin a mistake from | lately they did for India. An inci- is not a corner of the earth where it strategic, political and social view- | «lent may bo recalled in the life of | is not to be found.
Victoria in such a period of depression in the history of Paisley. Great suffering was experienced in the will be able to capture the legations ] years 1841 and 1842. Her Majes-
whenever they wish, notwithstanding I l.v sent for some examples of Paisley
the assistance that the garrisons at shawls. A selection of 130, made
by different manufacturers, was for-on the coast might be warded to Windsor
shares of the pecuniary indemnity, shall.
3
under one guise or another, acquire territory also, what ground have we for believing that Germany and Japan will not follow the cedents thus established?
co-
pie-
F
b
ci
U
li
tl
B
lu
of
out
car-
tl
w
in
If King Edward could only deal with his property as other land-N< w Zealand, with a death rate of I lords deal with theirs, he would be less than 12 per 1,000 a year, is the | one of the richest men in England, most healthy of all the British Col-
Hr. I Tamer, in a report to bo submitted to the London County Council on outbreaks of enteric fever in Southwark,
Ho is not a poor man even now. qreçu last September, thinks the evi-rumors to tho contrary notwith-1 donee strongly suggests fried ash The United Kingdom’s postal scr- I standing.	Tho wills of Royal p<?r- | the cause,
vico employs 60,000 letter carriers, | sonsges arc not proved, so it is not
known precisely how her Majesty disposed of her property; but it is an open secret that she left the bulk of it to her eldest son.
M
that the problem raised by the
mit on the legations solution
tc
as-
cii
Lambeth and Kcnmil-
eu
co
on ics
in
as
?
d<
»
Wj
Sir George Ncwncs wanted to know in Parliament whether the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York would take the title of Prince and Princess of XX ales. Mr. Balfour informed him THE DUC11Y OF LANCASTER (.that the decision rests entirely with
is, of course, his absolutely during j the King.
the term of his natural life with its The servants at Windsor Castle meads, glades, chases, and forests in have resolved on a memorial of their thirteen counties, and its steadily | own to their lato mistress, and have increasing revenue of over $300,000 ft good round sum, with which they a year. To King Edward, too, so . intend to endow a bed in one of the it is said, revert the lato Queen's great London hospitals to Queen Scotch properties of Balmoral, Bal- Victoria’s memory, lochbine, and Abergcldic, with their trout streams and deer forests;
_t .....	_	, , Claremont, originally granted for
with Ins mvn h .nH °f tho trado Supply of fur. Russian and Siberian Mated revenues of the Duchy of Corn-lil Hv to soo r r n #aS iC **** ovcr hunters destroy annually 3,000,000 wall, ‘soon after he attained his ma-
h.v.any
have to send word? Why should	native town of Wolverhampton, and	;irmy p?y	ro, s nr? J’°^° taiIor8’	I earned out	her oft and open!>-ex-	Among the applicants for out-reanyone who claims to be a house-	laid the bed-plates of a new and	1,000 shoemakers. 10,000 grooms,	j pressed intrn	ion of keeping intac	lief before the Hampstead Guardians
he practical I v admits not only that * keeper have to be notified so that huge trade.	•	and l,o00 attendants. 1 he medical i f<>* him the Net Id^bequest.	1,8 cg“ was a feeble old man, who said that
... Ch,„,™g,,. w.ÿjZSIZJSSi ‘A»„LfrÆ	jsr-fr XL"rg
gown, Maria! It’s outrageous to Iw	produce it at but in three years hc	holding only	temporary commission-	and miserly	millionaire, named Mate Queen Victoria and that he
dressed in that fashion at this time	had four thousand people working «t	ed rank are	included in the list of	j James Neild.	The Queen at once in-	made the first pair of shoes ever
of day.	his invention, and the whole world	officers.	vested the money, with a view to its worn by the German Emperor.
I could have changed it--	clamouring to buy. However he	_____ ±_______ constituting—U>	quote her own |
Oh. of course. You could have mode just us much aluminum as he	words- n. nest-egg for Eddie, and
,	done	lots	of things,	but	you	didn’t,	liked—which was a «rood	nnrf	the original capital had probably
ccpt that they might have been more j You	should	be	ready	to	entertain	no more and had^he satisfaction of	PHILIPPINE LADIES'	CIGARS.	reached a million and a half wl.en
courteous in enforcing their ultima- your husband’s friends at any time, i seeing the metal-dealing world at his The ladies of the Philippines have hcr Malvsty divdl
He suggests that the foreign K	“nHt	Ynu'n. ,Wt il the of ^^i*’ If ever progressed far beyond the dainty	----------- I They wore newly married, and were
lato vou know	Yourc	a man	tlcrorvcU a peerage it was cigarette; indeed, their e.gare, which	PHILOSOPHY IN	1001	calling upon one of the friends of
Of’ course ami if	I had brought mv	^,ttcob	AsUcy; but he *cnl to the measure some 16m arc not intended	Y 1	the bride who had been particularly
course, unu n i nnu orougni my United States, conquered them as he f°r an evening s pleasure or an after- A good name is rather to be chos- pleasant upon the occasion of their
had conquered Britain,	and died	dinner smoke. In	the	Philippines	cn than great riches, particularly | wedding.
there last year. The trade	he made j	they Prcf°r smoking	on	the instal-! when it is on the south-east corner	The	bridegroom, apropos of nothin still increasing month by	month,	|	mcnt Plttn>	f°r these huge rolls of	of a fat cheque.	ing	began to talk about phrenology,
and will turn out its millions in-I	tobacco, which measure 5 in. in cir-	A boil in the kettle is	worth	two	and	told how his wife had discovered
nually when Jacob Astley is	forged	cuinference,	constitute one week's	on the neck.	two	very prominent bumps on the
pleasure for	the ladies of Luton.	Always put off	till	to-morrow tho	back of his head. lie was proud of
bill that is due today.	them, so was she, and she passed
Too many cooks spoil tho police- | him around that the host and host-
REASON WITHOUT RHYME. man-	css might feel the bumps and know
was created, lock, stock and barrel, I _	, .	,	,	A ring on tho finger is worth t wo | their existence. Then she cxplain-
by Robert Scrope, for he was the I very tickle makes us chuckle. in the pawnshop.
founder of the brown boot. There Make haste slowly—when the cm- As some men arc known by the I My book on phrenology says that was no such thing n little time bock I'htV®1 1811 1 looking.	I company they keep, so are others they mean good memory and generous a "russet calf" boot,	and now	Every man	has	his	price—but	known by the companies they float,	sity.
they arc worn by everybody, and brides arc given away.	I Every cloud has a silver lining. It was evident that she was proud
nearly three-quarters of a million I os session is nine part s of th« law; The boy who has the mumps can I of the facts and so was he. But people	make them. The trade is'	blv, man w 10 Ul.s 1 1C*	tenth	part stay	away	from	school.	tho host,	being of an inquiring turn
spread	out now, but Scrope made It,	b<lid8,,, tJ'uinpl5af.d*	a	of mind,	wished to satisfy himself,
within	twelve months of its birth,	R°n 1 ook a.ffl ,un0,1 m thc mouth-1	so he got	down a phrenological work
into a	compact business of twenty	Manners make thc man	seem	glad	()1	TXXO	EVILS THE LESSER. | from one	of his library shelves, and
branches, employing	200,000 men—	10 8Ce his moUlcr"in‘,aw*	Papa-Didn’t I tell you, Willie, if I	aftcr much labour	f.ound	tho	bumps
a record for all time	A	combine of	-	---4	caught you playing with Tommy	on the <dlarte Turning	to	the	notes
rival boot-makers tried for throe	Jink again 1 would whip you?	Ihc r(‘atl» seriously at first, then u,,-
Distance lends enchantment to the years to wreck Scrape’s new trade,	THE PRACTICAL TEST.	Willie—Yes, sir.	steadily. The bride became suspici-
view; but not when you see the last but hc was too strong, and eventual- What tho eye doesn’t see. the heart	Papa—Then why were you playing I b.ut.fhc wa81 ga.mo aad Rftid
open floor" may prove to be a train leaving, and you are thirty *y all the firms of the combine "went does not grieve over. But daddy w*th him?	I Head ** out ,oud' riense do f
dream, lor thc reason that the pre-	from home	I	under	didn't believe it	when	hc went	down-	Willie-Well. I got lonesomer than	And th* h°8t rcad:
is probably «mart** ~ th* <*»- { forged ones.	| wages	300,000 people, is the scuttle.	^ J that’s why.	'
who deliver annually nearly 3,000,000,000 pieces of mail.
There are whole towns of galvanized iron in many parts of the colonies,
points ly, he thinks,
A mistake it is strategical-becausc the Chinese
ra
>
lii

8l(
Denmark holds the record for sumption of spirits, 4$ gallons a year per head against less than 1 in England and Scotland.
and the value of the trade
con-
amounts to
w<
be
OVER $20,000,000 A YEAR.
Scores of firms turn out the iron now; but not one of them would ..	, .	,	.
have been in existence had it not nnd‘ has the lttrKe8t acedle nianu-beeu for Grant and his idea and faCtory in 1,10 World* Seventy mil-over a quarter of a million people Iion ncvdlcs nro tottdc there weekly, would be flooding other labor mark- New South Wales has paid £748,-ets, and forcing wages down. The in fifteen years for tho dcstruc-country gains a clear $5,000.000 a I tion of over 24,000,000 noxious ani-year to its own pocket by this mats—kangaroos, wallabies, dingoes trade, which still goes walking up *and others, the ladder at a marvellous rate.
dit
ed
Tientsin and
Rcdditch in Worcestershire, Kng-
Froin these
expected to furnish. Politically, the eighteen wore chosen and retained, fortification of the legation quarter This purchase and royal patronage
h« coming known seemed to have a helpful influence, for c long thc cloud of depression drove past and den of protecting that quarter of | prosperity came again.
Pekin on the Chinese Government
I)c
be
r
dif
is described
vi;
as a blunder, because the Powers ought to throw the bur-
Fil
lie
an
For many years people have been accustomed to go on tho Government rifle range at Fleetwood and Pick up spent bullets, which have afterwards been sold for old lead. Two men caught picking them up were arrested and fined 10s. this being tho first case of tho kind ever heard.
The London County Council has discovered that it is entitled by law to charge publicans Id for each glass its weights and measures inspectors stamp. Hitherto the charge has been 3id a dozen, but it is probable that the charge will now bo raised.
dir
HUSBANDS—DON'T LET YOUR WIVES SEE THIS.
itself by making it thoroughly
derstand that thc legation is sacred ground
sec
un-
by
bo
Socially, the transforma-
Maria, he said, ns he entered the
tion of the legation quarter into a | housc* speaking before his wife had
time to say a word, this house is in an awful condition.
Why, Henry
Don’t try to excuse yourself, he in-
thi
is i
fortress is stigmatized as an error, because it will humiliate the Manchu and Chinese inhabitants of the capital, and will aggravate the rancor | terrupted. Look at this room!
was going to bring a friend home with me, but I refrained for fear that tho house would be just in the .condition that I find it in
Pil
old
she began
I v
Wil
wh
with which they are disposed to look on foreign residents.
ant
be
T
tin
What renders Sir Robert Hart's
of c con
comments on thc situation particularly discouraging is the fact that
oth
tho
full
Sol
unsolved, but that it is insoluble. Hi1 does not point out how the representatives of thc foreign Powers could have pursued a wiser course than that which they have adopted, ex-
sen!
a b
dre>
Co
i
LIV
HIS BUMPS
turn
Nov
ministers might have gone through the formality of pretending to consult China as to their particular offi- friend with me he’d have had to
j sit down to a cold dinner or that was burned to a cinder, and we , should have fell humiliated and made to him by Li Hung Chang that 1 should have had to apologize. It if the Powers had not mode out a isn't right, Maria! It isn’t right
at all.
Really, Henry, I am sorry that you are so much annoyed.
Well, I wish you would try to do a little better. It’s very annoying.
s
Or
one
cials to be punished; but he does not deny the truth of the statement
I
cam an 1
der
expe
Mrs.
ten
list, and demanded that certain specified men should be beheaded, not one of them would have been punished. We cannot see, therefore, that Sir Robert Hart, in spite of his long residence in China, and relatively intimate knowledge <>f the Chinese peo- led to himself id muttered:— pie, could himself have furnished a George! but I should have got a definite and satisfactory solution of roosting for being late if I hadn’t the Chinese problem.	started in first. It’s a great scheme.
age
One of thc oddest of the great BRAND-NEW TRADES
to 8
son
of tl Line
cd
very annoying.
And when hc had settled himself in his armchair after dinner hc chuck-
Mi
deaf
remr
cessi
Whci
gan
tho ]
Mrs.
Engl
subjt
so vc
login
LEST YOU FORGET
It looks to us as if tho work of
teaching the Chinese Government a lesson in international comity and *nff the fish that you bought yestcr-
dcconcy might have to be resumed at no distant date
Never put off till tomorrow cook-

Tli
henlt who his : be 9
We fear that the
s •

:
These bumps are most frequently found on cats and monkeys • f Other topics consumed the
nre


802
sr of Uio visit, which we# hrisi

###PAGE###7###
B.
THROUGH SUEZ CANAL
CEYLON AND INDIA TEA
thy min<»<iwner, I» the good angel but there
g u oh bob, and no reliable clue Identity is more strictly guarded than any of the others.
EVERYTHING
tire half a dozen other
Britain First With 50 Per Cent., Germany Next With 16.
This

LL
GREEN OR BLACK.
For more than three decades the eliljM of the world have been making of the Suez Canal as a highway between East and West. The comparative figures showing the progress in the traffic through the premier intcr'-oceanic canal convoy much inundertakings of the sumo nature. A glance at a table enables one to realize the extent to which the Hue/. Canal ha» been of use to the Euromaritime countries.

mi
SPACE WILL BE SCARCE
II HU
Ul
A WISE HOUSEWIFE
O
Lea» Packages, 26,31, 4f, 6# and II) et#
d.
Standing Room Only When the Year 2,250 Comes.
j and she likes good paint
stays on when put on, that looks bright and clean throughout the life of pure paint ; a paint that is handy—ready for the brush ; that lx	*J better than white lead or any
JTJtk&lii Ü othcr l,and-madc Paint
looks out for the family health and the family pocketbook. If she uses Ceylon and India Machine-Made Tea she gets the purest and most economical tea to be had.
û-
WOMAN
a paint
especially In view of future
y
that
According to a careful computation by J. Holt Schooling, a statistician, when three hundred and fifty years shall have passed the density
r% « A « Da i mi j ¦,	>	, i t*l° oa|,th's population will be
Pockets Olily# Block# nixed# Uncolorcd such that each person will have only Ceylon Green. Free samples sent two-thirds of an acre. That space
Address “SALADA,” Toronto.	|	anfl one-half yards square,
will have to suffice for all pm .see agriculture, roads, houses, parks, those letters, nor anything but the I railways, and so on, Mr. Schooling signature "FondeiiniaM below a few flftys that when the globe's popula-words stating the amount enclosed, tion reaches this density, which is which is always a Hank of England | about one thousand persons to the
it'll''. * ho earth will I,,.. his
Id
or
id
Ceylon Teas are sold In Sealed Lead
AI A
10
pean
Nineteen Hags have their separate columns, though ships of all these nations do not appear in every year of the series from 1870 to 1900. LI rent Britain started with and has maintained ft vast preponderance in the gross tonnage of ships passing through the canal. Last year she headed the list, with 5(1.7 per cent. Germany, which comes next, having only 15 per cent. During the last dorado t here have boon considerable fluctuations in the British totals, and the year 1891 still remains the high water mark, with 9,484,508 tons, against 7,771,345 for last
i
>r
i
1

Ramsay's Paints
h
l-
s
DOING GOOD BY STEALTH
>f
A
I
are just that kind—ready for use, acknowledged the best, known as the leader for sixty years, economical, brilliant, pure. Send tor our
BOOKLET "K"FREE
about paint, homes and painting.
ri
h
benefactors who give millions IN SECRET.

nolo, and thus never less than £5 No sort of distinction	-
tween creeds; but nt least a third— Mr. Schooling reaches his conclus- # /% probably more—of the clergy of Eng- Mon **V 11 careful analysis of the .4 Wt land and Ireland who have been in al^rowl*1 °f ^he population in the nine- q (1'£ particularly hard circumstances have had help from "Pcndonnis,” whoso Identity is a complete mystery, and ,r>00 families are saved whose knowledge of the private af-from starvation every year by the fairs of his grantees is extraordin-Chuncoy Bequest, and allowed an in- ary* When Pcndonnis" dies it will come till they can find work, there be a considerable loss to the poorer not more than three people in clergy of Britain, the country who know who the rays- Something like him, but In a rath-torlouH donor is that supplies all or smaller way, is “Father Scott." this money, and those three keep the one of the best-known men
says London East End of London
lives there
(•pin
/
/
li-
ft

I
Who the Donors Are and Where They Reside it is Impossible to Find Out.
jj fl. RAMSAY & S6N,
/
Sozodont
»
FAINT MAKERS,
year.
Germany's increase has been progressive from 2,06V in 1871 to 2,047.22V in 1900.
Austria also shows a remarkably steady rise, and stands above Russia and Japan, which make use of the canal for the transit of war vessels for the East.
American tonnage is only a fraction of the whole, last year reaching 0.0 per cent., largely due parently, to transport ships to Man
Althoug
%
MONTREAL.
I
tst'd 1842
A Perfect Liquid Dentifrice for the
Teeth Breath

I
>
are
25*
If Ymi Wnnt best results SHIP ill J9m
M ¦ VM Wcl.ni. BUTTER, E0CS, POULTRY, APPLES, ether FRUITS Md PRODUCE, ll
The Dawson Commission Co. u"rt‘£i&15r,jS25.Me
This bequest allows a regular abode, and attempts to track him	**	*	¦	Colonel (to friend's little four-year |
8100,000 per annum to the families homo have always failed. I Tin fa-	IVWI ell	& ifttMJF ||	ol<* daughter homo with her parents
left by disabled or accidontully-kil- vorito beat is in the neighborhood	* 1111113	1 9#1wllOI	on leave)—And so. my little girl, you married to Miss Goldiron
led workmen, and,	of the docks, where he wanders most Both forms of Bozodont at the Stores or by h.av’c* j to ln'ia	!° ( '11 .( a!r"
nights of the year, clad in a huge Malli P1**. each; UrgeBizes,together, 76c ! ily)-<>h,	1 just went there to bo lt
ulster in winter, and	| HALL & RUCKEL, Montreal. I bom‘ and then 1 ca,nc hcre
A DUST-COAT IN SUMMER.
He visits no man's home, but gets ,	.	,
into conversation with the homeless ?0“\put'?s fhP population of the earth
outcasts who sleep wherever the no- "i 1 .> <Nlf —•;>0,	>Miat will become j-
1 'of posterity in 2300 is a problem
that he does not attempt to solve.
Present populations to the square milo arc:
Russia .........
Qn | United States..
China ..........
Spain ..........
Franco .........
Germany ........
Italy...........
United Kingdom Holland ........
.........
Mr. Schooling estimates the population of the earth now at 1,600,000,000, and in 2250 at 52.073,000,000.
secret close as wax Answers.
i
SELF IMTY
ip-
i
I see Jack Ketrham has been
ila
The full list of percentage of gross tonnage for 1900 is us follows: llrit-ieh. 50.7; German, 15.0; French, 8.5; Dutch, 5.2; Austro-Hungarian, 3 4; Russian, 3.3; Japanese, 2.6; Italian, 3 H; Spanish, 1.1; Danish, 0.7; Norwegian. 0 7; American, 0.6; Turkish, 0.3. and Delgiun, 0 1.
Yes, arid I was very sorry to see
THOUGH IT CANNOT COPE
Sorry? For her sake or his?" For mine. I wanted her."
with the enormous demand, does more good than almost any other charity. It has an oflico in London, one in Liverpool, and one in Dublin, with a recently-started branch in Glasgow, and at each office is a little stall of employees, who deal with the thousands that are paid out; and whenever a had case is introduced to the stall's notice the relief
i - forthcoming at once, without any red tapo or delay is paid to daughter of the family and this is kept up for a limit of two years if necessary. The funds come in regularly, by post, to the heads of the staffs, every trace being covered; and it is a rule that any employee seeking to get information about the donor will be dismissed. Three confidential inspectors visit nt times, to examine the bequest's affairs; but
A gallon of wine or water weighs 10 il).
toenth century, and upon that basis
A recent test of salt-water fire fier-vin- gave satisfaction extinguishes lire much more rapidly than the same amount of fresh
Salt water
lice let them; and in most cases— j guided, apparently, by his judgment of the subject's features—ho slips anything from half-a-crown to a sovereign into the man's hand leaving him.
Sometimes he gives but the police him well by sight and Ration
Minard’s Liniment Cures Burns, etc.
DOCTORS BAFFLED
IIIS OWN FREE WILL.
Dear Sirs,—I cannot speak too strongly of the excellence of MIN- i ADD'S LINIMENT. It is THE rem- I edy in my household for burns, sprains, etc., and we would not be without it.
It is truly a wonderful medicine.
JOHN A MACDONALD. Publisher Arnprior Chronicle.
15
A CALL DOWN FOR MR MEEK.
Mr. Meek—I should certainly have some say as to whom my daughter u eds.
Mrs. Meek—Not at nil alone, and she'll marry some old fool just like her mother did.
21
A pound a week the widow or eldest
95
nothing; who know conver-
dcclarc that a night never passes but ho gives several doles away to the homeless poor. He
96
BY THE CASE OF MRS. HARRI SON, OF ORANGEVILLE.
186
263
Let her
289
139
She Was Completely Run Down-Racked With Pains in the Back,
411
572
For Over Fifty Years
Mu# Wirslows Soothino flTFcr baa beta need by millions of mothers for their children while teething. It soothes the child, fofU-nn the gums, allay* pain, wind colic, regulate* the stomach and bowels, end Is *he beet remedy for Diarrhoea. Twenty-lire cents • bottle. Bold by druggists throughout the world. Be sure and ask for " Max. Winslow § 8ooTiii»« ByRCF."
Head and Limbs—Again Rejoic
A STRAIGHT CASE AGAIN THIS THE.
ing in Good Health
cures
From the Sun, Orangeville, Ont
Many cases are constantly being they say nothing of the generous brought to light of persons being donor The favorite belief is that cured by that wonderful remedy—Dr. H is the Duke of Devonshire; but ho Williams' Pink Pills—after doctors denies the fact.
have fa.il* d to bo of benefit. Among A constant puzzle to those inter-thern may Le noted the case of Mrs. csted in the sea and sailors is the Benjamin Harrison, a well known question who "Mr. Seaman's Aid" lady who resides in the near vicinity 'may he. He Works without any of Orangeville, Ont. A reporter of stall or assistants whatever, and ho the Sun hearing of Mrs. Harrison's gets rid of at least $25,000 wonderful cure called at her home to m gifts to Inquire into the facta <>f the Mrs. llarrieon said she was pleased to be able to ( ify to the great families, ns near as cun bo ostimat-curativo powers of these pills. She ed; but it is probably more said:	For some years 1 have been a dreds of sailor-men
constant sufferer. Just what to call have been in distress while their my disease I do not know; even the heads were away at sea, know the doctors were unable to diagnose it. I familiar long envelope, and the short
note inside, with the printed heading: "Seaman's Aid" in place of an address.
England exports umbrellas to the value of £610,000 every year.
LEATHER DRESSING
Taking water as 100, ice weighs 92 bulk for bulk
fir wood 55, and
Two Letters Which Prove the Permanency of dares by Dodd's Kidney Pills.
SPECIAL TRAIN TO SAN FRAN- ! oakwood 117
How to Make Your Boots Shine Like a Looking-Glass.
CISCO
Minard’s Liniment sold everywhere.
For Canadian delegates and all others going to the Kpworth League Convention, via Chicago and NorthWestern Railway, to leave Chicago Tuesday, July 9th, 11.59 p. m.
Stops will be made at Denver, Colorado Springs, Glenwood Springs and Salt Lake, passing en route the finest scenery in the Rocky and Sierra Nevada Mountains. Through Q AI Pullman Palace and Tourist Sleep- ^	' w
Ing Cars
party will be limited in number
ac- mg a flannel cloth lor wiping dry. I choicc of routes returning and another clean flannel for polish-1
The best dressing for black leather
Take a slice of an
is orange juice orange, and rub it thoroughly all
over the shoe or boot, and allow it
SILENCE IS GOLDEN
a year
Derr ocher# Cured of Dlmbetee In IBM-Had it for over live Yoari-His Recent Letter Provo# that HI# Cure Still Hole*# Good.
Sa
He is a wise man who never lets h:s wife know lie can put shelves os well as a carpenter.
SEAMEN AND SEAMEN’S
Then brush quickly with a
to dry
soft brush until it shines like a look
up
Quebec, Juno 24 —(Special)—Sam | ing-glass Derrochers, of the Fortress City was
cured of biabetvs by Dodd's Kidney | slices is the inside of a banana skin
eeeppei hhhéhb
known here, it having been published I ovor the shoe, and removes all spots in the papers at the time, and a I and dirt, as well ns gives a fine pol-great deal of attention was drawn | ish, which last is brought out by us-to Dodd’s Kidney Pills on its count.
Diabetes, however, is known to be
w. P c. loss
HHHEun-whose families
A most convenient dressing for tan
Ills case Is well i This is rubbed well and evenly all
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
Order berths early, as
was completely run clown, I had racking pains in my head, back and limbs. 1 was unable to secure sound sleep, and on arising in the morning would feel as tired as before going to I bed. My stomach was In a bad condition and the least movement caused my heart to palpitate violently. Doctors’ treatment failed to be of benefit to me and I was in a very discouraged state when a friend advised mo to try Dr. Williams’ Pink Fills, Thinking that they might relieve mo a little I procured a supply and began taking them according to directions. From the first 1 could «oe that they were helping me, and by the time I had taken half a dozen boxes I was free from the ailments that had made my life miserable. It is now several years since I took the pills and not the least sign of my old trouble has since shown itself.
I would strongly urge the use of JLV. Williams’ Pink Pills for any per» n who has a weak or run down system and I am sure they will not fail to be beneficial."
To those who are weak, easily tired, nervous, or whose blood is out of condition, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills come as a blessing, curing when all other medicines fail and restoring those who give them a fair Dial to a full measure of health and strength. Sold by all dealers in medicine or sent by mail, post paid, at 50 cents ft box, or six boxes for $2.50„ by addressing the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brockvillo, Ont.
with
Send
stamp for illustrated itinerary and
% t^Age^tV,=gBStH EBJt; | & »•
Toronto, Ont
For all ekln ailments.
The note, which is stereotyped in the old-fashioned way, consists of a few words, begging "the acceptance of the enclosed loan," which generally consists of postal orders for from $5 to $23. in the case of a distressed family, those payments are generally kept up weekly till the breadwinner retiens; and how the mysterious donor manages to know so much about the affairs of the families is th<- greatest puzzle of all
odd
mg
an incurable disease, and many of
the more sceptical of ljuebec citi-1 tan-leather dressing zens expressed doubt as to the per mancncy of the cure, may now be set at rest rochers
A slice of lemon is also used as a
Metallic SKYLIGHTS
Û0UCLA8 BROS.,
124 Adelaide St., Toronto, 0»1
Patent leather must never be These doubts I blackened or polished with anything
Mr-	but an oil. A fine sweet oil or vnse-
f)himself attests that in jjne ja the best. They arc the hard-years he has had no sign of CS£ ];jnd of shoes to keep in good or- London
dcr.	to	a
sponge and clean them from all dirt before applying the oil. It may then he rubbed dry at once with a flannel or other soft cloth which will not scratch the patent finish.
The Isle of Skye has 65 in. of rain a year, two-and-n-half times that of
FRENCH
r
IBITISH AMERICAS DYEING CO , Mentmal,
CLEANING.
I)iubotes' return.
In May 28, 1898, Mr. Sam Derrochers published the following let-mm ¦	I |An ter in the Quebec papers
detail is that the envelopes, been a victim to Diabetes for over which most of the recipients keep, | five years with terrible pains around bear postmarks from all United Kingdom Coutts is most often indicated the secret |donor;
rOfli clue to the facts, and many sea- 1 ccived no help.
men think Mr. Crossley Dankos, the of Dodd's Kid noy Pills and found I	With	a	view	to	testing	the	sustain-
wealthy retired shipowner, is the or- I immediate relief. 1 have now finish-	ing	powers	of chocolate	she	lived	up-
ed live boxes, and can say 1 am per-1 ott that for sixty days, and lost but
fifteen pounds in weight in the in-
Minard’s Linimwit Relieves Neuralgia
1 have
Horses killed for food in Franco yield on an average 450 lb. of meat each.
Brass Bawd
M Hover the my kidneys Lady Burdett- cold
My feet were always and my thirst could not. bo as I quenched, no matter what I IranK. but there is no I tried remedy after remedy hut ro-
r I ceived no help
Hoard's liniment Cures Dandruff
An interesting experiment was ref purchased one box I cently made by a Frenchwoman.
instrument», Drums, Uniforms, etc
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Lowest prices ever quoted. Fir e catalogue CM illustrations, mailed free. Write ue for any
thing in Music or Mnslrel Inslrumest*.
Toronto, Ont .and Winnipeg, Man.
The Russian Minister of Railways has prepared a timetable showing that when the Trans-Siberian Railway is finished, the journey around the world can be made in thirty-three days.
iginal
There isn’t a charity organization fectly cured in the kingdom that docs more good Now to e’ear away all possible | terval tlfan the "White Cross Society," doubt that Mr. Derrochers was not which is not a society at all, but a cured, to show beyond question that little body of poor but educated peo- Dodd’s Kidney Pills did not merely pie who are paid to dispense the relievo him for the time, out actual-well-known "White-Cross" grants.	cured	him of Diabetes, and cured
The "society’s" office is in Victoria	him to	stay cured, we publish his
and its object	of	April
Sii	of Diabet ..s| Bÿ. will place in effect & low first
by Dodd's Kidne/ Pills has been permanent. I have not been troubled poor children with technical educa- with a sign of Diabetes since my cure lion to fit them to be engineers, three years ago."
skilled artisans, musicians, and so	Dodd’s	Kidney Pills cure all die-	at	eastern	terminals	will	be	from
This costs a sum of about	cases of	the kidneys, and the troub-	July	6th	to	July	13th Inclusive,	and
los arising from weak action of thi the final limit for return will to Aug.
,	1901. Destination must bo
reached not later than July 18th, stopovers being allowed IN EITHER DIRECTION within the transit
Whaley Boyce & Co.,
and Sheet Metal Works
ROOFING SLATE, in Black Red or Green. SLATE BLACKBOARDS. We »uppl| Public and High Schools, Toronto). Rooting Felt, Pitch, Coal Tar, etc ROOFING TILE (See New City Build-Inge, Toronto, done by our firm) Metal Ceilings, Oor-
ROOFINC
Cheap round trip rate between St Paul. Minn., and the Pacific coast
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
slsililis attssfflessss
prescription* from reputable phytician*, as the
‘IttïfSÜS nomlnlon llne Steamship»
Core, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co.. To-	Mnntreel to Ueerpool. Roe tun to Liver
ledo, O.. contains no mercury, and Is taken Internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucoai surfaces of the system. In buying Ball's Catarrh Core be sure you get the g Ine. It Is tsksn Intern ally,and made in Toledo,
Ohio, by F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonials
I* .
Sold by Druggists, price 75c per bottle.
Hall's Family Pills are the beet.
During the last century the Bible was translated into more than 850 languages, which nine-tenths of the human race can read.
On July 6th the Northern Pacific
is to
class round trip rate of $45.OD from eastern terminals to Seattle coma and Portland
PROVIDE THREE HUNDRED
Ta
Dates of sale
Lares and Fist Steamships. Mup«nor seeessaodslies for all classes ofpeeeengeia Moons end SUUrooes am amidships. A pocinl attention has Wen given W CJI Second Saloon and Third-Clew eceomoaodetioa #W
iy te nay a#ns#
enu
rth
$110,000 a year, providing each pu
pil with board, lodging, instruction ! Kidneys. They an. used throughout | gig*
the world
i
frcv
LIVED UNDER FIVE MONaRCHS

and education free of charge society has several homes, the chief
Now Old Mrs. Davies Has Come to Qne near Hawkhurst, in Kent. All,	.--
Spend Last Days in Republic. this is provided by one person, who | gets rid of a considerable income j limits ¦	¦ ! keeps his—or her—identity absolutely during the year, for he seldom mis- j This offers an unsurpassed oppor-
On one of the Cunnrdcrs which u0nC0alcd, and there is not even a ses a night, except Sundays, and is | tunity for those desiring to hunt caiue into New York lust week was gUesg bo made at the name of the nut in all weathers. Ho is tall, ! new homes and farms to go Into the an English woman who has lived un- I)rovlder, who must be very wealthy. I clean-shaven, and his cloak is gen- 1 northwest and look over the counter live British monarch* and now The organization has been running | erlly shabby and well worn. "Fa- ; try, or for those wishing to visit expects to die in a republic. She is for over twenty years now, and j ther Scott" is as complete a mys- j relatives or friends or to make plea-Mrs. Elizabeth Davies, who at the whenever there is a vacancy all that I terY ftS "Spring-Heeled Jack."	| sure trips, to do so.
age of 86 has come aaross the ocean ^tuired for the introduction of a A well-organized charity "run" by to spend her declining days with her can(jidate are two references from re- an anonymous philanthropist who son m	Newcastle, la. She 13	(>110	Spectable people	of any station in	must be rolling	in money, unless the
of the	oldest immigrants the ( unu	d	^ Just under	a thousand chil-	gifts absorb his	entire income, is the
*.	i? °yvr v,irn. ' ,i ?	dren of penniless	parents have been	"National Fire	Fund," as it is cal.	,.s'	1 ay.1,,H was <> years oc «	e	launchod into well-paid careers by	led, and many	hundreds of unfortu-
ÉpHÉH
ErïS «T-Sw zzzc r sr t zl i.—* — -
as*-“ ““	r* s
Tin. new Immigrant has excellent clergymen or their familiM who have
«As r I SHs £
^	S1 HESS OF SEEING	I ty of the provider of the funds—or
There Is# circles
The
2JIT?


•I Kin it
r
iMrfgBMRss
CANADA’S
PREMIER
COMPANY
Miss Alsopp, who has just celebrated her 100th birthday at Hroxn-
Russia’s population, is growing at	.	.
the rate of a million and a half a ley. England, was in the service of
one family for seventy-four years.
year
WITH THE
1 Paid-up Capital Reserve fund Asset! .	. .
ÜKGES1
¦vy	-- " Z ^ _	S
4—ujs ^
flqfrr '&ocA, A
$60,000 a year devoted to helping be— I poor people whose homes are burnt
Receive* turn* ff 1160 and up wards on which I jUresfc mi FOI K PER CENT. PER ANNUM ti paid half yearly, for which Investors here the most
UNQUESTIONABLE SECURITY.

HAS PAID OUT
over $485,000 up to date. Yet none of the administrators, who deal out
full particulars on application.
I
m
THE CANADA PERMANENT AND WESTERN CANADA MORTGAGE CORPORATION

their families in want, been driven I doctor© they have not into the clutches of the money-land- general belief in almoners
that Mr. Haines Griffiths, the weal* 1
80ZOB0MT tor the TEETH 25o
There is never an address on
er

%


J
###PAGE###8###


QOOD NEWS
E. HODCINS & SON’S AOVT.
«-
Hot W eat hep
Bargains
HERE THEY ARE!
HERE THEY # I
For Men and Women
High Class Goods
NOT A CAR-LOAD OF THEM, I1VT THE LARGEST RANGE OF
Choice Handsome Suitings
KYKK SEEN IN OUR PROGRESSIVE (10 AHEAD TOWN.
a Spring Suit, buying why not buy the best ?
AT THE VERY LOWEST PRICES.
WHITE BOOTS, RED BOOTS,
BLACK BOOTS AND SHOES,
PATENT LEATHER BOOTS, in fact everything in the line of SPRING AND SUMMER FOOTWEAR from a Goodyear Welt to a common Split Bal.
can be had at the
You want
W hen
!
While we have no surplus stock of old or unsaleable goods on hand, we have decided
to make some special bargains for our own customers, and we offer in
WHEN WK FINISH THEM Foil YOU TIIY THEM ON, AND IF TO YOUR ENTIRE SATISFACTION, FA Y VS, IF NOT, KEEP YOUR MONEY.
See the Goods See the Workmanship See the Fit.
BOOT & SHOE STORE. I»|. STEWART .
A. ROLAND McGUIRE,
|i	Dry Goods
I j Every piece of our regular I	12 and 15 cent Prints
•4 ;	for only - - - 10c. per yard.
Boots and Shoes
,	, „	,	124 pairs Men's Dongola
5""f™ \r,-,it >i™-lEfeiü'ff'SitÆ:	Laced Boots, usual
FF”» xrftf A EwBsStlEaS	Price $I25 to $1-50, now $1.00
gnat cert montai r tes.	.| as such upon tho Valuation Roll and hav-	L 1/vCI lUO
mg vaifi nil their school taxes and other ^
tisSS'iHr'Si I Our famous line of 20c.
» .,,™„	™	| a$a3SF~	, Japan Tea ‘ " now only 17c.
KIVBH lioL-TE.	I	If. LANG.	—-----¦	¦¦¦	---
I s ' We have a few Ladies’ and Cents’ Straw
Hats at greatly reduced prices.
• ; Rubbers for Gem Jars (Pints and Quarts) only 5o. per

OPPOSITE
PONTIAC HOUSE - -
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILOR.
V. S. Did I forget Serges f Well, twenty different kinds In black and blue
no. About
V. s.
We take Eggs for Boots.
OTTAWA, NORTHERN; THE WAR. & WESTERN R’Y.
*tV<8 that they had hardly setfoo! itho> «h mi they word seiz d and carried off. A government veeiel af erwmrJa lmderi K'nnpolcY fue.», wh oh turned the tgea and killed a ntnnb*r at the m.
t Vus
were found
Public Notice.
i Kitchener s Scoute Doing Well
a s
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
| Durban, Natal, June 2d — JVaila have I been received here of the highly succeo-I ful engaremeuta of K tchenei’a fighting I «coûta in tne northern Transvaal d tli • h at ft « «reela
On Mi*y J th y c ptu e 1 V mmandant Louis Trichard a d 300 n.en bill men, n Krupp gun, 1,000 sh 11-, 30,000 rounds of wma I ammunition and oimd* tride stock.
u»i May 111 they captured Vcnhr's huger of (K) tteu, 23 wa3on 12,000 heat of stock and
Summer Time Card
Tain Effect, Monday May 13. 1901
urwg
Train N »‘ 1 Train No. a Train Nu, ;» Train Nu. 4 Train Nit. ", Train No. ti Train No. s Tialn No. 7
s Ottawa 5 00 P. M 8.46 A. M f* A. M. 6.1ft P M. 1 .:«• P. M. F.10 P. M. 7.45 P. M. :.U A. M.
wo-
Mr. Tarte s Canoe Trip.
i
co h (.’trab e a uotmt of am
Trains No. 1 Tram No, 3 ami 4 daily Trains No. 8
1 2d
p\ opt Sunday, opt Saturday A Sunday
munition
Nn f 21 t a emu 1 h*g?r of eleven	%l m
wagons was ci| tur< ti,	Mo.itrea , .'une L4 —Mr. farte, n in
On Shy 23, Communiants Van Reis- l8ter 1 f Pjbl:C works intend» pereonaly
burg at d Duprez t » Geo. (irennell who ",*K,16âtl examinant) i of the French
brought in 70 wngo s aid a huge quin- Vver' ,asm8 8 c‘nt)ü «noil of the time.
t t> of aimy euppli s.	iIy will d ) this in c* mpany with two of | The undersigned offers any quantity of
Oo June 1 the scour rsptur J 240 Ithe ‘“^“eera of the de|»«nrimiit in t rder I I,imc at a reasonable price,
tmu and women, 110 wag/ ns, 100 rifles !iul whctl tho matter cornea up h par-!	ROBERT STORK V,
a maxim ^un t.ken fn-m	Jameson 1Mule,:t he W,I! 1)6 able to discuss the1	arendon I ront
during the raid, 13,000 rounds snail P^P^ed improvement from t! v stand -
|o:nt of hie personal knowledge.
Mr Tarte who was m Montreal today
attending the St Jem Biptiae célébra-
Tv-
I lams No. , and tt Sunday only. Pot ti. kvts
t Agent. Ventral Station
V. W. RESSEM AN.
Clen’l Sup’t
¦w
Lime For Sale.
PflBtiac Pacific Jicti Ei
----o—
Officia] Time Table :
Jümiiui it tou ai. u a Urge buj»? ly vf
at m ;
stock.
On June 0 the Bo rs l*ft s *vv i dead
on tit* ti 11 a <1 abindotTed th 1 in hi d 300 h ad of ht ck.
Ipti la-t r* p .,r one it an V ill <1
p.m
A.M
5.45 Leave titkl
Aylmer tBreokenridge t'Esrdley Parker's Crossing t'Moh’-K vhuyon
Wyman's
?Tank
Bristol
McKee’s
Rhawville
Ciarh’s
Campbell's Day ? Tank t'Vinton Cou longe * Mellon's Waltham
Arrive 9 46
». 2'
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
6.12
».W
E. HODGINS & SON.
? ion, m au interview said ronto I »! al: goto G'ollingwood, Wedme day, and thence to North Bty fh»t 1 sha’l make au examittvion of ti e i reach K v<v\ Two of the ei gineera , f the department of public works will j the party, and Mr. McCjo\ M.P.. for Nipissing, will also come along Our 1. II ,	¦ Ierit for O.ilmoui examination will have to be co»du;t<d
<v Huglistm, ontl Mr. Kenneth Robb, of by means of canoes, and there are about Gatineau I,omt, were at Otter Lake De- 80 miles which we wish to carefu'Iy in pot nom Monday till Tuesday.	vestige. 1 understand that there
^ Moore and C. Carson good mar y rapids, nml the Misses Qua lie's went to Shawl
'Hie Misses Lizzie
6.18
ee wag
8.;>s
6 2ti
8.51
6.37
41
After
8 40
hd H
ti !» id i lily
6.47
« I
8 22
To buy well, watch the latent prices and information in the ipecial TRADE PRESS.
6.,56
4 4
8.14
*58
• •
8.08
7.04
»•
8.03
OTTER LAKE.
on
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper Th# Hardware and Notai Merchant The Dry Goods Review ihe Bookseller and Stationer.
7.‘2«
T. 52
7.45
7.81
8.00
7. IS
r
Mi
lames Rohh, ag
8. Oil
7. hi
8.12
• I
7.0ti
• l
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
8.30
0.51
• 17
• 4
ti 39
1.56 Arrive
Leave 0.30 •Flag Station. tTauk. f’Flag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
Three Cheers for
are a
so we shall I av>* to j» ever some parts #<f the route. P™P-A^vr tbe exarnimtion we shall be much • .	, ,	lB.a,ul Maggie Quenle better acqua n:ed with the route and its
arrived home on \N ednesday from <>t- requirements. When it cumee up in par^
¦’ •V ' i • .	liainent we can discuss the subject imolli"
. Ir. Louis Rerun in went to Kazabazua gently. 1 understand that the whole
seta «... a e. m„„,„	jgsasstt- - *• «*“••*- -
Edith Farrell went to 8haw ville Thurs-
Mi
iS IS
Armstrong gros
P. w. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
¦>
Spring-...
Millinery
of Ladysmith.
un-
ooo
They are the men who
day
BA1LWA7
are giving the farmers of Pontiac a good,
straight price for their
FARM PRODUCE.
Mrs. G. Ford and Master Arnold Mur pby» < f Buckingham, are the guest# of Air. and Mrs. Geo. K. Murphy.
i5;:2,w -............. «*• ».....- wr.t	An the Latest Styles in
Some lumber which Mr. B. G KMoran Ellw,r,i **», thrown on the scene. I Trimmed Hut*. Salim*. Turlwns ami
,	S's £FT
Tram, leave Ottawa Central Depot:- no i ml of excitemei.t for a little hut i ? o ’ B,,p*rently in a hurry to have
?£°hr,,f men >*"¦« •-* »•* ;,hj h;“-,t4r:el to «°oat-hjt ,i,h bi*
Branch, Vallejfield, connecte at Coteau Junction r ie lre wa# got out before it had a chance for Cornwall and points west.
*9,10 A **. Limited, arrives Montreal 11 TO a m.. liawkeRhiiry tiranrh making . lose coure, lions witbl. C. Ry. Maritime Lxj-rtFS for Qiittwe,
1 Iali.ax. and all intermediate points east. Pullman Parlor Car attached.
A Bishop on His Muscle. Halifax, N.S., J une 28. — Bishr>p Cour'•
NOW OPEN FOR INSPECTION AT
i
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
Miss Annie McRae’s.
0
—- ooo----
1 armera, get our prices before you dispose of • • your butter and eggs this
CALL EARLY AND AVOID THE RUSH.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
On and after June Id, 1901, and until further advised train service will be as follows :
Walking Hats, Flowers, Feathers and Chiffons at all prices, sortment of China, Pongee and Taffeta Silks, also a full
ill play
was s
summer.
A large as
• •
As the man cime down the anle lie h d to pass Bishop Courtney,
*hen his Lordehip, with h 8 eyoi flaeliog a'ute and struck the man’s hat off. ex (laming indignantly as he did *o. “You
__________________________________________Jought to be ashamed of yourte!/." The
t'8.00 a.m.Sunday» only—1Stop* at intermediate	York, June 27. — The London cor- I ,m n	hi* hat up and movtd on
rariornCarUM PwlI,aan respondent of the Tribune cables :	without making any remonstrance, but
*4.03 P. M.. Limited-Stops so. Indian Glen Rob- ,An imperial conference wm held yester- uok,,,g very sheepish while thote who tJAlexmdmand Coteau Jm c. only,	day at the colonial office, and preliminary Faw he lucident, gave Hie Lord*hip a
SKBSEHHBS
ing Car. Ottawa to New y,wk. _	1 I was done. 1 his conference is une of the
*6.55 r M. Lvai-stops r«t Intermediate stations. consequences of the Australian common-
and Mr. Barton, and which left Car. ad a Trams arrive at Ottawa C;rural Dppot :	and the other colt nies in an anomalous
'HSSsSSBS.® ». sa fsaasra ra z.%: *j&ns -raa
TO AND FROM THE WEbT.	U,rws °f Pibhc opmion throughout the The f.te of Lieut. Perry'. »,f. a„d
EEEr-r,'™^	________________
“"Lr........ IaRiM.-sx's.'t:	ri<lrr.t 10****&>>m
tamed by Lieut. Peary for reasons satis-1	s*low ^'10 People wllftt I really can do r
s'sr-ssiilsisïp
range of Laces anti Straw Trimming,
AT LOWEST PRICES
to spread very far
Try our 25c. Tea.
Five per cent off for cash.
Eye To The Future.
ARMSTRONG BROS, LADYSMITH.
Advertise in The Equity.

New Jewellery Store.
A Search For Peary.
STEAMER ERIK UAS ARRIVED AT KT. JCHN’s AND WILL RAIL FROM SYDNEY
July- 15th.
In the premises lately occupied by Mrs. George Hodgins, in the
Hodgms Block, a thoroughly up-to-date stock of
Jewellery, Watches, Silverware, Etc.
Is now open to inspection.

REPAIRS
1.00 p. M Mixed Train hr Arni.qor, Reufrtw hganviile, Maduwaskaand intermediate etaticna.
¦¦evei y m. I mean lusineee, and am anxious for an opportu-
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Russell Bouse Elect.
Tickets to Europe and all parte of the world tm all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cwtk's lotus.
in my line.

• hôdÏÏKÏÏL THB watchmaker ....
». Trains run daily exsept Sunday 6. Sunday only, e, Dally.
Opposite Pontiac Hoise - SHAWVILLB.





>
À


