###PAGE###1###



- »

Nu. ü:ï
17 ru Year.
SIIAWV1LLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, DEC.
14,	1890.
s? 1.00 a Year
in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
Owing to thu leakage of a couple of valves cohiHulvti with the engine, tie •Shawville roller mill liarl several days' "P#™ wet k. Dut a* there was fortu ratedy coriMilemblu t-fotk on hand hind
t materially inlerfewd with. An expert was sent up hy tho manufac
turora to repair the mjuiy, and things are again running emoothly.
I
)

around the Town Hall during the past year.—Carried.
Moved hy onuu. «John Stewart, second* yd hv coun. Thus. Hrondurgesr, that W.
tiorigins be paid f,,r six cedars at 30
PHRISTAJAS -89
Holiday Wants
Head Office Oliawa (anuria,
Capital (fully paid up) . S 1,000,000 00 ......................SI,170 000.00
OF CANADA.
ncsa win i
cents each
Moved by coun. Jolm Stewart, second* toi by coun. John Smiley, that coun. J.»s. Robinson he instructed to consider the i ad on I 2J report.—Carried.
coun.
Carried
Board of Directors : Charles Magee, Esq., President, George IIay, f.kq.,Vice-President.
How. Geo. Hryson, Jr.
Alkx. Fraser, Ehvj ,
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,000,000
- $0,000,000
on the 8:h lunge, and
COMING
John Mather, Frq. David Mai Larks, Hwy.
Head Olüce, - lï ont real.
Mofid by
JÜ.BI IJ »Im Smili y, sec'-nded
">’ court. W. A. Hod g ins, that Jam. M.
Hudgim, bo paid his bill rf $05 09, le
jhe $b 72 already ordered, to be paid. Huv. >V. (t. Henderson, of Pembroke, Carried.
°nt « wil1 i>rettvli at 10.30, a. m., and Moved by cmm. Tims. Prendergast tb.’ÎO, p. m., and will also address the secarJed hy coun. \V. C. McDowell Sunday School in the afternoon. Special J°hn Brown be paid £1 50 for collections will he taken.	brio go on S'aik * creek.—Carried.
<)n Monday night, (New Year’s.) he Moved hy coun. John Smiley, seconded will lecture on scenes from the Bible, il- by coun. W. A. Hodgina, that tendere
lust rated by lime light views. Mr. Hen- W1‘l bo received up to ten of the clock,
derson is a far-famed lecturer and preach- »•»»., of the fimt Tuesday in January,’
er, and has gone to great pains and ex- D>00. t«»r two hundred cedars, as follows pense in making his lectures instructive Delivered at the Town Hall, Shaw ville: High Loaf ’ impressive. The Whiteside family, M50 cedarm, 10 feet long; and 50 cedars,
<'f Metcalfe, Ont., will be present and l8 feet long; to be not lens than 8 inches
Sudden Death —Mr..	2i,;SLS'i„ZL,^«	1“*	,«~l """ —-MS'
" .................... sz&wa&srig ssr- - *•""» **
Soft water supplied at 10 cents a day at 11 o clock. Funeral at two o’clock
on Thursday to Norway Hay cemetery.
Dennis Mrrhi v, Esg
ANNIVERSARY SERVICES STIAWVILT.E METH ODIST <11(11(11, ON DEI
OEORGF. BU R N D. M. FINN!B
Onml Manager, .. . M meger,
N11AW VILLE 1MMNCII.
H HT
-8
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
Money loaned on approved security al reiisoimble lut a*.
F armer* note* bought and collected.
Money transferred to all part*of tho world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Account* nponed for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Draft* inHiied on all Bunking p<Vnf s Ion, United Stales and Great Britain.
Notes and Rills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
fates.
Sums of |1 ami upwards received 11 Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours-10 a. m. to Sp. rn. Saturday 10a.m. to p. in.
In the rV'iuin.
that repairs on
OKi K % Horns
Hatvudays .
10 AM.T 10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER, Malinger
P.M
AND WHERE TO .... GET THEM.
LOCAL NEWS.
i Have you tried Dowd’a Flour /
i t
Are you using Dowd’» Flour ?
Moved by coun. John Stewart, second* ed by coun. John Smiley, that the Suc.-1 reasurer bo and is hereby instructed to
__	advertise for sale all lands in the Munici-
A number of our citizens have been ar «• u ..	’	, t , ,	, pality of Clarendon, in arrears of taxe,
gumentativuly waxing hot of late over the	, K ,b L Moore, of ( altiinet Island, j if not settled forthwith —Carried
lïïrïiyrÆS1 t	W i	i::;î iïïïJriïts
and remember they aro in the same boat, the nineteenth century closes with the ^neighborhood looking for lambs. tiona at 50 cents each Total 820 50 —
unison, the photographer	end ot the year one thousand nine bun-1	Mr' De (*i11iom, M. P P., and F. Mur- | Carried.
We aro indebted to the Queen’s Prin-	12 months from the thirtydirst day	were at the Otter Lake House Tues- |	At	this juncture the Council adjourned
Z»--***—-»-»*................-
UMr.:fF^!SMHrJnU.eofT!mrno,' was here IClarendon Schoo" Commissioners.
üHE*|iiü»is
day to be orda.ned to order of deacon.	Mf	Ada|u Hodgi,„, (bricklayer.) baa	Coulonge depot
Mr. R. Whitman, (bank) has returned	taken	charge of ihe skating rink here for	Hiss Jennie Scully was the guest of
to his duties, after a visit to his home and the approaching winter, and ha» cm- Mrs. Guo. Murphy a few days this week, other points.	menced the ta*k of 44 flooding ” the Hie pupils of No. 1 school are at
same, which owing to the sandy cliarac- Svl1^ practicing under the able manage-ter of the soil, will take some little time, ,'!enfc (,f the teacher Miss Lowe, for a even w ith favoiable weather. Ad. means ; ^m;ls entertainment, to get the rink in good condition, and L, l,a(l. 11	tall of snow here
keep it that way if possible; and he alto 1 "ursday night, and cold weather since.
After a lingering illness, Mrs. John intends to conduct it in an orderly man '	Sans Ceremonie
Fletcher, of Radford section, passed away ner. on Saturday last. Her remains were interred at Shaw ville on Monday
For months past we have been getting ready for a
rushing big Christmas Trade, and now invite our customers and friends to visit our Store during the next two weeks. In this space we can only hint at what have to offer ; but we can with confidence say that nowhere in the country will you see as large a stock of I ixe Fancy Goods, suitable for Holiday Trade, as well as the every-day Staple Goods.
barrel.
GEO. CATER
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
A ropo factory is to be started in Otta wa next summer.
WO
Our apologies are due to inspector Gil.	naan for a couple of errors winch occurred
088 °f their mtint eon, who was taken in his communication of last week on Monday,
Mr. and Mis. Sam Howes mourn the
res

Dry Goods
om
Minutes of last meeting read.
I Moved by Thos. Prendergast, seconded by James Armstrong, that the minutes of last meeting he and are hereby continued.—Carried.
Moved by James Armstrong, seconded by Robert Smart, that the sheds be accepted at the contract price. Moved in I amendment hy Thos. Prendergast, that the sheds be accepted at the contract price, less 85.00 for each building for bad material. Amendment to the amendment by John Grant, that the sheds hj accepted at the contract price, less $2.50 for each shed for bad material. Two for John Grant’s amendment to the amendment, 1 for Thos. Prendergast s amendment, 2 for Jas. E. Armstrong’s motion which made ties; the Chairman giving the casting vote for John Grant's amendment, which was carried.
Moved by Robt. Smart, seconded by j lames Armstrong, that the Sec.-Treasurer be and is hereby instructed to pay I Messrs. Elliott & Barber for the sheds at I contract price, less $15.00 for bad mater- I al.—Carried.
Moved by John Grant that \V. A. Hodgins is hereby exempt from school I fees to the Municipality of Clarendon for j his child, who is residing in the village of j Shaw ville, for her cdueath the suhul I astic year ending 30th June, 1900. - Car- 1 ried.
In this Department we offer special
values in Black and Colored Dress Lengths— exclusive patterns—well worthy inspection of intending buyers ; Underwear, Corsets, Handkerchiefs, Kid Gloves, Trimmings, Laces, Veilings, Belt Buckles, Brooches, Fancy Pins, &c.
pie
fBoys, don’t forget that your best girl woubl like your photo for Xmas, and Imison, the photographer, can fix you up at low prices.
BRISTOL CORNERS
No Court
A good many people were disappointed on reaching town la.-t Tuesday to learn that there was no ses
(Too late for last issue.)
Tho present ini Id weather is very fav-aion of the Magistrates' C. urt, it having j orable fcr fall ploughing and the most of for some cause or other been adjourned farmers are taking advantage of it. till some time after the holidays. As The hunting party have returned many of these people had to come a long They wore not so successful this year as distance, and were at c insider»ble ex la®t, having only got one deer, pense as well as loss of time, it teems 1 Miss Kate Reid, of this place, was rather too bad when it was found neces married in Ottawa on Wednesday last to sary to adjourn the court that some no- Hr. R. Mulligan, of Ottawa tico thereof could not have been circulât* Sarah Mc«Janot supported the pride, ed beforehand.	while Mr. T. Mulligan, cousin of the
groom, likewise supported the groom We notice that our Bryson ootern has Thu happy couple, accompanied by the withdrawn its offer to farmers to adver- bridesmaid, groomsman and Miss Hannah tiso free anything they “ wanted to sell, McCrtdie, took the evening tr».in for lost or strayed." This is sensible. We Bristol, the home of the bride’s parents, feel assured reasonable farmers do not wheie a large number of invited gui$s«>. expect to have their advertising done for i awaitnd them. A sump uous repast «ta t , nothing any more than any other class of	!	partaken of, after which tho guests
S. A. Mackay, Notary Public, has	rc-	the community. Moreover as ad vert is-	a|nu.u-d themselves with dancing, etc
mimed tho practice of his	profession	in	: ing pays the merchant, the tradesman,	1	u,ll,l the wee sma hours. The bride was
Pontiac, with n permanent	office in Bry-	the farmer—in fact anyone who has re	lie recipient of a great many handsome
lie visits vShawville every Tues- course to it—why should tho poor coun- pr^uts, testifying to tho high esteem in
try publisher gratuitously saddle himself *h;ch the y..ung lady was held.
... t t rv ii	i with the expense for one particular class f 1 hero was a wood bee at Mrs. Me
rrit,r^ : sr "" "  —-..............................-- *w-	s*y
Clarendon, on Thmsday last, disposing of ;	......................1, Mr. W. Dean, of Packman, beet ery thing fur sale at fair prices.	Encouraging Words Those - arpenter.
I am sure grandmother always likes a Mrs. Joseph Branick, of Chillewack, B. Mr. aud Mrs. J. Warren, of Bra aside, picture of the baby. Take a bright day | C., in renewing her subscription haa this «revisiting friends' on this aide uf tile and callatlmison’sStudio, Pontiac Bouse, jto Niy :	“The Equity is always wel-j mvr*
Ho is sure to please you, and is running come and is the first paper opened. We Miss Alice Bussell was visiting at special Xmas rates.	| «ve glad to hoar that old true ring still in I shtw ville this week.
its columns, in this country of change-Mr. Heman Kedey, of Fitzroy Harbor, : lings. Times are brisk here was renewing acquaintances in town are securing good prices for all kinds of Thursday last. Heman notes consider- ; produce, and everything considered our able progress in Shaw ville since he re- , future prospects are good. Strong sided here 11 years ago.	| donees of loyalty to the Old Flag
Mr Frank Roy, a Bri.tol young m.n, J ^SSrTK',3"™g died last week from consumption. The death also occurred in the same neigh borhood, of Mrs. A. McFall, an old and esteemed resident ot the township.
A solid spell of rain on Monday and Tuesday, put us easily back into the middle of October so far as the weather is concerned.
Ladies’ Clot!) Jackets.
Dr.Jas. A Hudgins, ot Onion City, Pa., who was summoned here by the illness of hie father, thelate JamesHodgins, departed for home on Monday morning.
The annual Christmas Tree in connection with St. Paul's Church Sunday School, will bo held in Elliott's Ball, Thursday evening next, Dec. 21st.
A Christmas tree and entertainment will be held at the Brick Church, Bris tol, on Wednesday evening next, Dec. 20. Admission, 10 and 15 cents. Good program.
Miss
The balance of our stock ; must be
cleared out at once ; all new. Great Bargains here.
on
Fur Goods
$
Tenders for firewood accepted as fol
i
lows
non
S“; aïK?5; Here is where we can offer some-
y, Wm. Smart, ù corda mixed wood, i	thii^ tempting ! Ladies’ Coats, Capering
CollaH^ Ruffs, Caps, Gauntlets, Muffs—finest stock in Pontiac, and all at reduced prices for
Holidays. Don’t miss them !
day
f
at 80c.
5, James Wilson, 3 cords dry pi no at
Wm. C. Hudgins, 10 cords hardwood, $1.00.
7,	John Robitaille, 8 cords hardwood,
3 cords pine, 90c.
8,	Samuel Smiley, 5 cords hardwood,
3 cords pine, 90c.
» 9, Fred Tipping, 8 cords hardwood, 3 cords pine, 90c.
13, James Elliott, 4 cords hardwood, 3 cords pine, 90c
Nos. 4, 10, 11, 12 and 14—no con-
90c



m

Scribe

Farmers

Groceries
Clarendon Council
evi
*
Shaw ville, Dec. 4th, 1899 j tracts.
Regular suasion of the Council this	day	I Moved, seconded aud carried, that all
i preseni, Mr, Mayor Thos.	Me-	j schools in the municipality he opened for
Farlane; Councillors, Tho?. Prendergast, j tuition at 9, a.in., and closed at 3.30, p. branch of	them	John Smiley, W . Hudgins, James	| m., from this date till the 1st Feb., 1900,
Latter	Day	Robinson, John Stewart and W. C. Mc-	I after which date the schools shall close
.iave sent a missionary here. Do* oil.	at 4 p. in. each day. The Sec.-Treasurer
Mrs. Robt. McJanet, of Bristol, whil * !,	, m:ide*everah converts of tho head- Minutes of last meeting read.	j is hereby instructed to notify all the
on a	visit	to	her daughter,	Mrs.	Mayhew,	! ,t?ss claw, and is causing much unpleas- M«>»j^ by cou:». W C McDowell,	sec	teachers to that effect,
of Ridgotown, Ontario,	contracted pneui	antne88e	ondod,By déun. W. A. llblgins, that	tho	Moved bv Thos. Prendergast, seconded
nionia,	from the effects	of	which	she	died ,	. ,	,	.	...	inmu .i ofltst muming as now read br	; by John Grant, that the Secy.-Treasurer
last	week.	She	was	82	years	of	age I .	t(H i1^ 8	IS9UU Wlb bo 'ounV & notice, ,	and a^e hereby c utinned.—Carried.	bo and is hereby instructed to advertise
The remains were brought to Bristol for atatin8 t,l;d «R the *$xt session of the MWted by c*ui. W C. McDuwtli, sec* (for aale for taxes all lands in arrears of j "up0
interment.	Parliameat of Canada, the I ont me Pacino n«i d by Coun. Thos. Prend «rgast, that taxes in this municipality unless the same	91^1? m	Sr* ' 9 ^ iThlf A
| Junction Railway ( ompHiiy will niakeap-1 w.* .«j un» tor on» hour.—Psafijid	be settled forthwith.—Carried.	* B 1 Z! 1 g B» 1#	U Ll Ü O	5 II V S „
A Xmas Tree will be held at N >, 10, phoation foi an act authorizing it to con- M • mg resumed—^ame councillor? j Moved by John Grant, seconded hy	J	J
School, Clarendon,	on Thursday evening,	afnict and operate a railway	from	at or	w,	.• .	Thos. Prendergast,"that Jas.	Armstrong
21st, inst.	A	choice	program	is	being	j nw1 Quyon or Miawville to	Pembroke,	M	v d by c un J tin S’ewart, second-	be paid his bill f«* supplies	for No. 1	Goods
prepared by the children, and a grapho- to construct branches not exceeding «I «.you.» W, G^McD »wa 1, that cun. school to date, $10T08; Robert Smart, for	.	. .	.
phone has been engaged fur the occasion. 30 miles. This wo take it means that the Jan. R b.nauii at t3hd to the tilling of th» No. 3 school; $2.94; Joseph Murphy, !	tiler, (	HIMl I lush
Admission, 15 cents.	company mentioned are contemplating a ip(i uh io the PonBer bridge, Quyon.— school No. 11, $2.50; Robt. Ralph,	; ,ltr 1	\ Ihnme I) I / ’,
mL .	-	_branch line from Quyon or Shawville, via ................. - school No. 10, for moving firewood, $1.00; I H‘g	A1 OU 1118, h l>, l i dines,
Those in search of Christmas good» aro Portage du Fort, to I em broke. Another | M v d by e«»un. W A. H dgius, sec George Kennedy, school No. 12, for	Toys of all ki lids, tom ike tho « hilfli t
requested to give "Ur a<i vvr* <• r «	< »m{winy, it may be stated, will also seek j *»y c un J.»h<. So-watr, that Jos- moving firewood, 7*>c. Also the children	7	.	.	. .	.	. .	.
a perusal this week. Judging From the fat the next session of Parliament an act j i-h Br. - n be paid $10.00 f„r Work »• of the following schools be paid $1.00 ini	BllCl the old folk to Wish III y V
of incorporation, empowering	it to	eon-	J	Hr wi/i iumi midge; also Sitmuw	each sJ$ool for putting tho tiro wood
struct a railway from a point in the	Dis-	Si,	c	»u bn paid $13 00 f r work on J J	into the%ood sheds ; Nos. 1, 2, 4 and
tnct of Parry hound, thence easterly to	t»r<dge.—U rnnl •	13.—Carried.
Pembroke and on to a point near Portage Th«ie. Andie* Elliott's case to be con Moved by Robt. Smart, seconded by Xmas Tree and Social A Xma* ^ Port, and to erect bridges across the ~ideie i a ..ur n*X' wmumg.	Jaa. Armstrong, that the Sec.-Treasurer
wê mmm teisEL.
B Srîs?raL ***	jss sryv jsh d 11	'ih* * *" CH*,S™AS
loot*.; children 10 ocnti.	Jing for.	John Strutt be ps.d $6 00 for .errice. I	Sec.-Trewuror. I	X
are

a few I Mem* ora
Always important, for here you
look for the success of your Christmas dinner.
Our stock is high-class and^omplete.
years ago.
“ The Mormons—or a —calling themselves Saints





in fine China and Silverware, Lea-
Fancy VX
t-
n\e>,
ni- r»oi»k
d
XI
II
1
abundance of catchy goods to be seen in our shops the local merchants have given special attention to tho supplying of the holiday trade this year.

In Hardware *¦© hav- tin • plate
Nets ill cases, Skates ami P »ck»'t IC of^other thin s.
ih
g
s
I
III
J.H.SHAVv.

\

1
z
###PAGE###2###
ENGLAND'S DEADLY RIFLE
» fMhmild to put up in <*na More of «he * .L.hcncy aud flavor ui apple# is nllow-to evaporate with the moisture. •Vho.se put up in cans are much more factory in every way. Good, ripe tt.mleH ami I he r product* in huu. ^ and the like may be eaten at I in* *st any time with great benefit, by the few, who by reason of onslitutional peculiarity, find
FEEDING APPLES
yîie Home j
' rTl V j.vp COMMENTS
ÎI<Miry in bis great work on feeding. does not mention apples nave in one table where he gives them a very low nutritive value, making them below both turnips and whey. The value
placed upon apples as a food is about 8 rents a bushel. There would he but
HINTS FOR
TUB FARMER.
IT HOLDS TEN LIVES WITHIN ITS
MAGAZINE.
h area n 1*1 ! il i— the history of which tie kingdom became independent through the triumph of Japanese arms in 1891, has been largely that of the rivalries and intrigues of Russia and Japan, have within the past year entered upon a new phase tical ascendancy at Seoul, held alternately by the two nations, by Japan until early in 1898, and by Russia up to the autumn of 1898, have passed again to the former empire, though not so absolutely as it has been rnain-
iti
sin
Simule ami tl«Ml Kflieltw- |»lree of II, rh inlmi - The llmnilurlaro of llo«li*r* Hreirmi Itrouat»! m iVrfVr.ion.
TÎ115 LIMIT IN DAIRYING
A II READ LESSON
s n
There are some who believe that the limit of the cow’s productive capacity has been reached, and that the record breaking animals can never hope to exceed what they have done already. As a rule, tho.se who talk about the limit of the cow’s capacity, and think
two
Quaker Oatr RiscuitFour
ut une < them tniwl
IV
f
The rifle In use by the British forces is a marvelously effective weapon. It is the Lee-Met ford and has been in use for the past four years, replacing the old Martini-Henry rifle*.
The Lee-Metford, which for rapidity of fire is practically a ten-chambered revolver rifle, consiste of three prim pal parte
beet Italian walnut, and is subdivided
litilo if any difference in eweet or | oupts of boiling wttor over one cup «
kind of	rolled oat* and
Add one-half
The poli-
sou r apples ns food. The avid of a sour
tipple is closely allied with the fer | |et it stand one h ou-tu,'uts °f ilie Stotmioh The main ques	of mollgae^ unu-hall level table»	. «>	.*.r“
#######
and fix it ho that the cow cannot raise biscuits%l^et rise in the pan aim tukt |*	fl, ,n	nr Hlt:n
her head hut a few inches from (l'*" in a Jiot oven. The dough will be soft | with f gurc. o l ^	,
=SslimlE=E=:!iHfEE=
the thimble bag, and the cushion* are
my
ALWAYS acckvtablb.
a gift which will always be accept-
feminine friend*, is a
able to ones
that dairying cannot be further improved along this line, faii to consider often what is more important to The process by which the them individually. Granted that the Change has been effected is of interest, highest record for milk and cream has because u virtually repeats that witch led to the downfall of Japanese and Russian supremacy in 1896 and 1898, and because it illustrates the persist-
tainod in turn by each power heretofore
The stock, which is of the
into the but t and fore end ; the barrel and the lock is, uf course, the simplest of const rue-t ion
boon scored it would still be a fancy of the brain to imagine that the productive capacities of any number of cows have been reached. Where wo find one cow that even begins to approach the limit of her capacity we
see fifty that have nut begun to climb jn fattening turkeys a very good following In r war wit i upward. Dairying is thus tar from iis niixture can be made of corn, oats and China, Japan, whose ascendancy in limit. It cannot approach such a liiu- wheat. This is especially true where Korea was then complete, undertook u unlil more than a majority of the the reformation of the corrupt and retrograde kingdom, socially, politi-
Uf these the woodwork
Hy a must ingenious arrangement of the lathe the entire butt is cut out of an oblong puce of wood with amazing rapidity, while the, for» end is formed with equal rapidity, the whole of the joinery needing only a brisk sandpapering and polishing in order to f t it for service.
The construction of the barrel is considerably more complicated Lee-Met ford solid steel bar of a circular section. The bar is, in the first place, considerably shorter and th.cker than the shape it will finally assume, the necessary elongation being effected by bringing it to a white beat and passing it over a steam anvil, where in a few minutes it is rolled and hammered into the required length. In this way the clumsy looking block of mild steel, measuring 2 feel by 11-2 inches, ia speedily converted into an unbored rifle barrel nearly four feet in length and term.Dating in a thickened end, measuring about one tenth of its entire length.
A DIFFICULT OPERATION.
Next follows the process of boring
aids
Entire
Wheat
ency of Japan, and her readiness to profit both by her own blunders and those of her rival bered that
made of different
\\ lient flour is grades of fineness and is much belter
Fut une table-
FATTKN1NG TURKEYS
It will be re mem-
than graham flour spoonful of shortening, two tablespoonfuls of molasses anti one and half level teaspoon fuis of halt
is fed. Old. or thoroughly

new corn
one
into a bowl. Four on one cup of iiotl-water and one cup of scalded When lukewarm1 add one yeast
v
L ? J
cows on the dairy farms have been seasoned
graded up to their highest standard, By mixing the three in about equal cully and econom cally, in accoi dance and the minority show some effects of flirts, a safe feed can be made ihat|in8 with a ready made programme.	the improvement.	will be good for fatting stock and ex- m-lk
celled* for the breeders that are kept|oake dissolved m one quarter cup over. In feeding such a mixture it , iUktiWU,ui
ssr	--».««» "trùZ
will pick out the corn and possibly wheat flour to knead. Aftvi kneading the w heat, leaving the oats. Feed in put the broad, back into iho bow i, pane or boxes.
The old-time turkey raiser does not need to he told that it will not <to do try to shut the fattening turkeys up as one would chickens. The turkey must have range, and if properly fed it will wander but little, if at nil.
corn will do very well
new
The
barrel is made from s
of
! It is true we have made great i>ro-The fact that the Korean people gress iu dairying in the past twenty
not prepared for the radical years, but loo much of this progress
and that is confined to a limited number of people. The vast majority h ive advano-, very little, they are «till io the as an unwarrantable interference with old ruts, and will tell you that a living
their rights, made no difference to the cannot be made in dairying. It cannot
Japanese, who only insisted the more	tu/heir methods; neither
.	, ,	... can a living be made in any line of
harshly on their execution. Meanwhile, work or .business to-day with methods
Russia, who had no intention of losing employed that were in vogue twenty-
her hold on the peninsula, quietly fit# years ago. Only those who keep
•waited her turn, placing no visible «P with the umes in dairying can hope
to keep atop of the. heap. It is not always an easy matter even then, for making her sympathy known to the there are many local matters of a disking, iu the certainty that the Japan- couraging nature to overcome. These
worry and irritate, and sometimes discourage those of faint heart. Rut if we continue everlastingly at it, and The end never yield to discouraging results and
the king’s father, but really with the we need most of all is clear foresight
water and floui, using one
were
changes demanded of them the king and the court resented them *H‘j
t
cover and let rise until it doubles it-i
bulk. Shape into loaves, lei rise again
aud bake in a hot minutes.
«
bO
oven aboui
c
-v\\
Dinner Rolls.—Fut one-quurter cup of butter, two tablespoon fuis of sugai and one teaspoon!ul of salt and pour on two cups of scalded ini k. When lukewarm, add one yeast va
one-quurter oup of luke- j
%
*' *
in u bowl
ASCENT OF FIRST BALLOON
obstacle in the way of Japan, but
kti
Thirl y One Th	Wilnruurd
I lie Me 111 III IÏHS.
The balloon, as a successful
dissolved iu wvtiEii water and three cups of Lour. Beat thoroughly, cover and let rise until light, cut down and add flour
Let rise again,
l
ese agents, who followed each other in rapid succession, would iu the end
bound with tiny silk cord and finished with little bow# of pink salin ribbon.
The material used for covering the
cushion in the des gn illustrated was out the barrel, an operation requiring lei ri .e given silk, hut Mue silk w'th win'e Uu little skill on the part of the work-
rit)bona or gray silk with pink nhhons
*'WhPrnll.f,ily<>«1^^Tmnïr'chrmtmaH re-1 me«ni ot a pa;r ul drille, working General Notes.—The standard for membrane** ,« desired, embroidered from either end and meeting iA the
It must be light, sweet, and well ink wi(lp nnd fr$nffe the ends, buying only ed, but one taste will prefer the loaf the del «are shades or a deep royal pur-mixed with milk* and another may pie. For embroidered design* on hook
con-
t riva nee for aerial navigation, even with all modern improvement*, has
work their own undoing
enough to knead shape, place in buttered pan u third tijuti and bake* iu a hot oxen
has
been in connect ion with experiments
"-Ft iîSSS	c
mm legation, and from that sanctu may l** in our methods of feeding, Crystal Palace across the English ory ordered the execution of the con- which robs of all profits, and «gain j Channel
it may bfc the low grade of stock with
which we began, it is certainlv slow	,	. .
and toilsome work to grade up a herd vent ion, inasmuch us so far back as
in which scrub stock predominates it	the last quarter	of	the	17th century
the king’s action,	supremacy	at Seoul	js letter to reduce the herd, weeding	a learned priest	of	the	Jesuit Order,
passed to Russia;	and though the in-	out some of the poor stock, and put the	pierrt, Françoise	Lana,	published a
fluence of the latter during	the con-	uioney you get for them in one or
two fine, well-bred animals. The results will he quicker and surer, and far of aerial navigation more substantial
The boring is conducted by
ma n
15 minute*
middle. They are kept cool by mean* of a stream of Soup and water, which is forced into the barrel by hydraulic pressure
rough-bored it is iclisheu ready to receive the rifling peeled of the dr.lier and polisher will be best appreciated from a description of the test employed to check his
workmanship.
The barrel is placed in a vertical
The contrivance itself cannot be termed an entirely modern in-
spirators against the queen’s life
As soon us the barrel is
like water
With the failure of Japan to resent
The accuracy ex-
emug and sweetening may also vaiy.
wet the
When breed is set to rise . ,ii hand and rub over th« top to prevent folio volume ou a proposed method cvust froin forming. Never use a
This project bowl with u lip ils this allows the Him n iarfia^l, O Hirer Won n Victory Over was enthusiastically taken iu hand by air to enter, t Set the bread bowl in
a Varia firm of rich^paper muuufat	°at^^^about 100 degrees.	Varry Lumsden, a brilliant Hri- position, and its lower end made air-
turers, but it was not till several M‘>me-ma(^e yea8t has a less num- tish officer whose career in India is tight. A close-fitting gauge is then after this that the idea f |Jer u£ yeust	in a given quail*	in a nt biography,	a inserted at top Ot the bore, when.
But. though	she	show»	raise	raspberries	or	blackberries	just	may	be	said	to	have	provedl	quite	th tlmn commerçai yeast cakes,	fierce and dashing fighter, but he was	^ the bore is mathematically, correct,
a-jïjz rzszzI	fe* ; És&SH sret Zttssttsrz:
attitude taken by Japan in enforcing	Of course he puts	them in rows	and	wonderful chariot	through	the air.	^ hours old Stale bread may be used	of his earliest successes of	this sort	base of the barrel,	should drop easily
them. and by superseding the	all that, but they	are soon in a	mat	At five o’clock the	boom of a cannon	for Sickening soups, for chocolate	has been handed down as a	tradition	trough the same,	from top to but-
British financial adviser with a and the grass and weeds are having ^°ETu?tT«mmeL To^uttir ^mthh tur%Uk%d to? «umbl am0DR lht> bi" tribr8 ,hat he defeat- .	hafr^^te. to the "rill-
Russian, wrought	confusion	in	the , it	their	own	way	with	them.	When	I	amazement of	the	vast	multitude of	turn wi li si u a k.	\v<»id	ed* anii is still a popular story among	er" it is inclosed in a strongly pro-
treasury. The result was the abrupt took up this branch of gardening the spectator*, the inflated globes, liber- /bumf bv usiinr *a small u nantit y them. lie was at the time a young tected firing cell. Here it is repea t-dismissal of the Russian agent follow- first thing I set about to reform was a led from the bunds which held it m ^	.f ^ fread ia mix6(l at lieutenant, in charge of a small de- e,il> pro v tul w ; t h t he îxi U of charge*
ed, Iasi October, by the execution on	the berry patch, which was not	only	^y velooity Ul	the short	interval	night and a larger quant ity jt mixed	tachment of troops, and waa	confront-	“jy^be required to	carry in battle, a
a false charge of the inter-	in the last stages	of weediness,	and	0f lwo minutes, to	reach an	altitude	in ti e morning. The latter met io< '*	e(j by an enemy of superior	numbers, i test which is again	repeated after the
. t*,rc from thiatleajot Coae u^n ^omntnd^eet «w	1Th- homi.e force was concentrated on procesa o^^	J
is ruised just right there is an alco-	the top of a steep mountain, whence	lhat ^	ar„ eui the B,àral
holic fermentation; it the bread! is al-	it seemed impossible to dislodge it.	groove*, which run inside the bore
lowed to stand longer, acetic feimen* "At last,’’ Lieutenant Lumsden from breech to muzzle, and are de-
EHarii St atKrxsr: Sk®»5
ready for kneading, set it in the re- mountain-top all day, they were in	y	"TWIST **
rolls are inure acceptable than large	for some herdsmen of the district, and	further into its billet, but also give
checks fermentation. Hake ' read	u ne o'clock, on a signal rocket being	door bolt of our own houses, and, m
thoroughly so that it	has a	good,	fired from camp,	they were to light	addition to extracting	the spent car-
sweet crust.	all the fuses, the	bugler was to blow	tridge, contains the	"striker,
----	- all the calls he knew and then the which the cartridge is exploded. Most
whole party were to mike the best of	important of all, however, is the math» i_ way back to camp.	gazine."	.
Ripe, uncooked apple* are among the ^ sho/up inw th^cfomHes.Vsky^ Bang \ idea of* the magaatoe mechanism most valuable of our fruits. It has bang! bang! went the powder-pots, extension of the principle of ihe metal been said that, any man	who can and	the sound reverberating ihrough the	coin purse. You put	your 10 cart-
will eat two good-sized	apples	iu the	kills, in the still	air, like salvos of	ridges in, one by one,	upon a species
artillery; while the shepherds sent of spring platform, which will always .	1	large si ones bounding down the hold the last cartridge ready to iian-a.
never have gout, and if this destroyer hillside.	The chief difference is that, whereas
of comfort has- already fastened its	'	The enemy,	concluding	that by	in the coin purse the coins are with-
fang, in his system, apple, will van-	ST,h2	ga^nc if emSed^utoma. kail',-	U
qu.sh even the most persistent form of hill above them, instantly took to is provided witb an ingenious mechan-this legacy of luxurious living. Raw flight, those in front firing back on ism which causes it to disgorge -apples are much! to be preferred fur la,cr starters, and each little party contents, une by one, into the J®?*
........u,.. ............	-—js z^srerts liursss
ed. He«t mak^a chemical chang,-s and	convulsed	with	merriment to	attempt	action of firing.
destroys or devitalizes an acid that	to	follow,	even	if we bud bad	any in- The magazine is further fitted	wi.n
tem by gouty and rheumatic cond.- told his native subordinate to call for time as the soldier finds himself in a lions. As a next alternative baked a volunteer bugler for the attempt, tight corner. Then the cut-off is apples are commended. Baked-apple the man answered. "No you would pulled out, and Tommy Atkins knows pudding made with graham flour then get a really good man. Let me he can face the forthcom ng rush witn sifted is excellent and healthful. Bik- pick you out a good-for-nothing, and the confidence which comes of having ed sweet applet? and cream are a dish then it will not matter if he is killed!” 10 lives up his sleeve without the truu-fit for a king. Sour apples are good Volunteer or good-for-nothing, how- ble of reloading, if not too acid. They sometimes sour ever, the bugler was certainly good for the cream, in which case they may something as it proved, and he escap-cau.se distress, especially if eaten by ed alive and exultant, to receive the delicate children. Bread :,nd* milk, or praises of his comrades, well cooked Johnny-cuke and milk, with sweet or mildly tart apples cut in pieces like dice, are a popular supper-dish in many households. As a substitute for butter, apple-sauce and marmalades of various sorts may be used to great advantage and if furnished in sufficient variety, children soon come to like them much better.
Of dried and evaporated apples it may be said that they j substitutes for fresh fruit
A MODERN GIDEON.
eervative reaction which followed was
not exerted to prevent corruption and retrogression, she maintained her ascendancy, and by supporting the Brit-
lliv Hill Tribe» or liMlIa
KEEP SMALL FRUITS IN ROWS
Ish financial adviser, kept the kingdom in order
Why does the farmer who wants to
•x
prêter to the Russian legation, who grass, but had long been one of the most active not to mention the berry bushes thern-supporters of Russian influence among selves. Now, if any une should visit
with Japan the farm he would notice a few long
the earth
was observed piercing cloud after cloud, shouts of wonderment rent the Owing to some mistake in into rows of berry bushes running one at flation the silken sphere burst open, enter	effective	protest	against	this	act	a time the full length of the garden.	*nd *el1 iny fragments to the eanh.
of the	king ended	her ascendancy.	If f care to 1 can hoe them out neat-	?bge /TAp of damontraw
and	since	then,	though the	influence	ly once in awhile and never scratch,	U1 niried with wool beneath the
through it m probable that some straw	ch*:ne Sucb a contrivance, of course,
mulch will do the work lor me. The	tourhed merely the fringe of the exrows run north and south and will	piment, till in 1782, after related
. trials, it was discovered that by rare-clear ly	in	the	lead and is steadily	in-	Here and there a plant left out gives	fv;„g the air, and then filling the
space for passing through the rows. I	balloon, it rose without any difficulty.
Strawberries had a hard time of it	'phe	Gf Argyll, president of the
this fall where they had to be trans-	Aeronautical Society of Great Bri-
planjted. My experience is that it	ta ni tells us in his able volume, the
does not pay to transplant them in	"Keign Df Law,” the secret of fail-
very dry weather unless they are to	ure so far. A balloon, says his Grace,
have especial care, both in setting and	lfi incapable of being directed, liewatering afterward. My new bed,	cause it possesses no active force en-
which waited for ram till Labor day,	abling it to resist the currents of
and then was set carefully, was not	ft;r into which it has plunged, and
thoroughly watered and would have because, if it had such a force, it died but for the rain that came about could find no fulcrum or resisting two weeks later. As it is, most of medium against which to exert it. A the plants lived, but have made small balloon becomes, as it were, part of growth. Appa rent ly, nearly all the the atmosphere, and must take its roots died, and they were rooted un- chance in space or go with the air usually well. They will get a good wherever the current travels, covering ot straw this winter and it have managed to evolve a most com- will lie left iu the rows when growth plex system of rites and ceremonies sets in again. 1 am in favor of the
which govern almost every action of matted row system, and it is under-1 Mrs. William Astor, has discovered a tneir lives. An Australian who has stood by ma. Runners will be a I low-resided for 14 years among the Arun- ed to grow and when a new row is tas, and who has been initiated into established it will be with a line and
all their mysteries, relates that when spade ; all plants outside the very nar- ment on her finger a husband dies the widow paints her- row row will l>e turned under. By strutted of flexible gold wire, in which self all over with white pigment, and changing the place of I he row slight- a ruby, an emerald or an amethyst s for the space of a year must not ex- ly from year to year new plants will firmly s**t. The slightest movement hibit herself to a male member of the be secured without transplanting and of the fingers sets the wires quivering, tribe on pain of death. For the rest the farmer can keep control of his and the ring scintillates and seems to of her life, unless she marries again— strawberry bed without much labor, go round and round the finger with a
which is sometimes allowed—she must	_____ weird, serpentine movement.
not speak, but communicate with the other women by means of a sign language, consisting of movements of tin* hands and fingers, which has been
developed by these savages to a mar- , , ,	,	,	. ,
velous extent, and by which their useful in a horse as a fast, fair, square
limited stock of ideas can be fully «x- walk, and there is nothing that will
cause an animal to be driven harder
his countrymen. As in 1896 the failure of Russia
air
inter-
ma-
of the two powers at Seoul is more
equally balanced than at any time since 1894, that of Japan has been shade other garden crops very little
That it will be maintain-
creasing
ed, and that Japan has not intention of permitting other powers to secure
political advantages ip the peninsula »n any pretext, is evidenced by the refusal by the government of Russia’s request for sites for coal sheds and whaling stations.
PERPETUAL SILENCE
A curious mourning custom obtains in Central Australia, which, although representing perhaps the lowest and most degraded type of human beings,

A VALUABLE FRUIT
A REMARKABLE RING
is an
wonderful Egyptian snake ring, which literally writhes in constant move-
The ring is con-
course of every twenty-four hours will
ns
TEACH COLTS TO WALK FAST
IF YOU CATCH/ FIRE.
Don’t run and scream if you catch fire. Scream if you want to, but don't run. Sink on the floor and roll yourself up in a hearthrug if there is one handy. If there isn t the flames can probably be crushed out against the It is fatal to move about, as the least current of air will increase the fire.

There is no pace so valuable or so much appreciated and ho practically
pressed
and keixt so continually on the oth

AMENDING IT
paces as a deficiency in this res-
I awaked you, protested the mort i-1 peclt. Months of time and hours ot
fled ex-coach man, for a certificate of | patient, intelligent, effort are ex-g*od character, and all you say for me in this recommendation is that
1 wouldn’t steal a red-hot stove.
floor
1
er
s*»™» » »
Cawn’t you make it a little stronger I horse, but so fax as the walk goes, he France’s Anti-Tobacco Soci<*t> is than that, siii	is generally put upon lhe market as going to make Negus Menelik a m«*m-
fertiinly. Let me have it again.	nature made him and rolls along at ber Th45 BOCiely ba8 learned that
“Sa
1 SÜS.TSfK ïîd'K im*. ,L,	......
SfT m.^wblUbrt.kmg which	HELPFUL ADVICE
Mrs. Henpeckke—A husband and I pened to be a quick, free mover, and J sent a dollar to a woman for a rewife should be of one mind.	no farmer or breeder can be too cure- cipe to make me took young.
Mr. Henpeckke—Yea; and It isn’t I ful in seeing to it that no colt of his What did you get I bard to tell who’s going to do the ! is ever driven or led before a sluggish | A card saying Always associate with minding.	| inactive partner.	j women 20 years older than yourself.

HIS IMPARTIALITY.
What I want to see, remarked the man of theories, is an equal distribution of wealth.
That's exactly what I want to see,
with so much
A MIX-UP
French explorers have to
A domestic, newly engaged, presented to his marier one morning u pair of boots, the lug of one of which was much longer than the other.
How comes it
answered the man
that he could never find time
money to count it.
Did you ever meet my partner in business# He's a fine man. I'd like to see all the wealth in existence divided so that he'll have one half and I the other.
THE MINDING
Joseph—John, that theme boots are not of the same lengi h? I really don’t know, sir; and what are mere.y bothers me more is that the pair down* \ which stairs is in the same fix.

###PAGE###3###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)



(
TRUTH IN BULK
REGULATION MOUSTACHES.
You Have Pro*ia^y read this advertisement many times and
thought no more aoout it. This time write
COMMON BOER WO.JDS.
r
War Otllc«* I'lreular -ninvllilug Ihoiil thr lilrsiitr Adornmr 111» « f Tommy Alkltt».
Fashion, that fltkle goddess, would (teem to hold Hwuy over the actions of our brave defenders, if any importance is to lie at taobed to the lament of the Secretary for War, who, in a circular
LUDELLA ceyion To
Recent Issue of the Star Causes a Sensation Among Its Readers.
on your memory and on your grocer’s order—AND DON’T FORGET.
Lead Packages. ...	. « . .25, 30, 40, 50 & 60c
IMPORTANT TO LADIES I
gii.st issued, by biin to general officers
iutminnndingf says "It lias been noticed that a predominant fashion exists in your regiment for young officer» to shave the upper lip. This is much to be regretted. ' So lie concludes by requesting that those in authority "will take such steps as they may think necessary to ensure that the. provisions of the regulations lie «Itended to."
Now, this is very interesting, for, as will be imagined, the department does
EHINENT HEN INVOLVED
To make erne that when foe wnb to eolor any article, » t. .* On-area, Suite. Fe there, < Jarpel Rage, or a®» /.In* that ri*«i ..ree dyeing that you *»; the i>«at lye m the mark »t. known if. MR DVr,rt	ah
the latest and poaitlrey the heat that 0an l>e produced. ai they will dye Cotton. Silk. Wool or U ni tioodr, * $S equal y as food M»uU«, without the ortes^ty of a prepantio i bath to mate them take tbedy., a* HoMK DYSl are known a* tiic ON E 1)1 P UY KS, an I a trivl package will o Minn no you that they will do ad we oleum for the A
-• lia V I? ÎÎ?	vLli' •°«',lh'n* i^et aa go d heoaow e,u know what failure you h ire had in the pad. therefor!
mi tor MUMIt O YF.H and inaiat on getting them. To be had of your druggist, or mailed dirent free ef p<. stage Ü package, or J for 26 cents. Hate you tr e 1 them f If not, get a package and be ooiitlooed.
TORONTO HOME DYE CO.. Toroni»

e
Irrefutable Muss of Evidence Gathered by a Canadian
Concern Operating in the United States.
MANY HAPPY
HOMES
Have been broken up by the failing health of mother or father.
(From the Toronto Star.)
Headers of the Star
¦ EP were startled their evidence fairly and honest ly for not issue a solemn warning like this last Saturday to see the names of pro- | the benefit of other».
ing hi toiy wu. re \ h ^ @,s ar t con- ough and it speaks volumes for the cerued.	preparation (hat such was the case,
Just a century, ago in all our rvgi- hut that United States senators and nwuts powdered hair and pigtails pro- congressmen, prominent professional dominated, and a clean shaven face men and United Stales army officers wag* tiie order of the day. With the should be willing to endorse a Cana-
KiWÆ.-Æ.'TSte. 551 &" ,25V .rïcisfs "& ' MTS’- ww. .
SïïMCTAnsa: tis iiss, -mst,. -s?	w"e°:-
:jd*rr‘a.“rir ssrs ttss-*—ss. r.-",crrr.°' x ss& u „
¦Sinai
¦¦¦*
of, except, perhaps; by the nursemaids and oilier feminine admirers of Thomas Atkins, who will doubiiess sigh for the time when the osculatory due was rendered with a moustache accompaniment.
Dr. Ward’s Blood and
Nerve

«
lived from il
One naturally dislike having accounts of ones physical de lecis published broadcast even, tbougl there is a complete cure attached. Hu there
geHflUpglgH
health becomes so pronounced tba all pride, vanity, reserve — call
is
where il
will certainly cure all diseases caused by impoverished j I # II if
blood. Stomach troubles, kidney troubles, rheumatism, sciatica, catarrh and chronic constipation, yield readily te their action.
.Ve have at our office thousands of testimonials, and will send a book of information containing some of these free on application.
There Is no sense In feeling miserable when you oan be so easily
Cured. 50 cents per box, five boxes for $2.00. All Druggists, or
Sam. Williams & Co., Toronto, Ont.
1
You ui
f
If time ifl money, some people’s time wamtkd-you.no ladies in every cjtT
and town id Canada to sell lhe Canadien M ii'aff Xiinte Card . be.t novelty of f h«? season : food seller, a^nd Mf'mfo cents for sample card Apply by letter nKLIANCK CIGAR only addressed to J W BOWDEN. Room 7. 1 Te-t ACTOltY.Montreal, ronto Kireet, Toronto.
Imixwition im the only position some people ever attain.
must be counterfeit
La Tosoana, 10o.
JNI DCS MOIHIS IMOVBATOR — Best and ohuptM
O. Holland, sol* agent for the Dominion. H* nd #oL
etamy for oauiogua. 373 ML Paul Street. Montreal
•zM
OMMOti XLHjc KILlS H.>*i hte, bud 11 Bugs, Hats and Mice. Sold by all Druggists, or 38i Queen XV. Toronto.
“ Pharaoh 1Oo.” %	C
What man has clone woman thinka she can improve on.
TO C1KR A ('OLD IS OS* DAV
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All druggists refund the money if it fails to cure, tic. hi W, Grove's signature is on each box.
Sausage Casings-
ertean Hog Caemea-reliable eoo-1* at right price*.
PAitk. BLACKWELL A CO, Toronto.
Dyeing 1 Cleaning !
For the v<»ry beet send your work t • he
“ BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING GO."
Look for agent in your town, or send direct.
Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec.
It’s a wise man that knows what not to do in an emergency.
ROKCO
O’KEEFE'S m MALT
TRANSPORTATION IN PARIS
Iu?iâor*tee and Hm ngthene.
LLOYD WOOD. Toronto. GENERAL AGENT
SÜiiiSSlE
gelling anything for it, some people anyone with deranged kidneys or might ma«e slighting remarks about rheumatic pain.
their nam.s being connected with a Senator Passe. Representative Ris- Guaranteed Curo for Catarrh.
patent m d cine test imonial. Rut this urn, Captain McCornb, Roy Keator, Catarrhozone, ozonated air cure, is did not interfere with what they es-	were among those who freely testified	guaranteed to cure Chronic Catarrh,
teemed to be their, duty to fellow nuf-	to the merits of Dodd's Kidney, Pills	Asthma, Bronchitis and Hayi Fever, it
thmg hut (tie facts—that Dodd s Kid-	in the Star. This page is considered,	parts, where it kills the germ life	West fc Trvax, WholesaleDruugiets.Toledo,
ney 1 ills had cured them of kidney	the strongest mass of evidence ever	that camws (Vitarrh and at th« same	vv*u>inu.	Rinnan & Marvin, Wholesale
a ast - - —*—EEFzBEHH Hscssûms
fices of the system. Price, 75c. per hot tie. Sold by ail drugg at*. Testimoniale free.
Hall a Family Pills are the beet.
Ore»l Coffee Health Drink. Pure, Wholesome, N'.uriilg Ing. 15c lb , or 2 lbs fcff*l or Sale h to the ROK.
Agent* wanted in every locall y
right, then be cer-
Be sure you are tain you are sure
for25c. Romeo i#equal to44ccoffee ny all Grocer», or at nd 10c for 1 lb packagi O MKG. CO , 151 Queen K , Toronto
How’s This?
passengers,
We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any cant» of Catarrh 'hat cannot be cured by Hail’» Catarrh Cur
Michigan Land for Sale.
STOMACH TROUBLE.
000 ACRES GOOD FARMING LANDS-ARKNAO
I Iosco. Og«maw and Crawford Counties. Title per» feet On M h g»n Central, Detroit A Mu kmac and Cheney for the last 15 year*. and believe him lx>en Lak Railroads, it pr nuigmg from #9 to #
per acre. Them Land* are Close to Kuterpnaing New Towns, Churches, Schools, etc., and will besoidon oak reasonable terms. Apply to
R. M. FIERCE. Agent, West Hay City, Mich.
Ol/BiTS.
K J. CHKNEY 8c CO., Toledo, O. 8 W'b, the undereiKtted have known K. J
A FREQUENT SOURCE OF THE MOST
INTENSt. MISERY.
Or J W
Whitiemore. Mioh.
BALDNESS CURED.
Hr. Harvey Frire, of BUroark, BaflTereil for Wear# Before Finding a Cere—Hr# Williams* rink Fill# Restored Him.
ozone when inhaled is volatile enough
I .v il	. I _	to impregnate the minutest cells of
of them in open-air. And even when lungs and bronchial tubes, where i he knows all that, he knows less than ^ attacks the disease at its founda-half what he must learn before hia knowledge will fit him for hia dutiea.
His moat important, function is to economize, and to do this he haa to study the theory of practical cooking, to know precisely how much meat will feed ao many men, that eo many hundredweight of bones will make good soup for eo many hundred men. He has to possess a thorough knowledge of how meat should be cut for t he# most a knife to be made	to know how food
stuffs are adulterated, and how to de- fut I don't call for a can opener
foreign matters them, how to make impure water pure, and a of a company to manufacture enough hundred and one other things, an ig-
coukti to supply the demand, or any- noranee of one of which would make thing of that kind, for the idea has, ^im un^'t *or future duties we believe, been found to be impracticably. It is actually Tommy Atkins himself who is made into a cook, and yeans it is at the Aldershot Army School of Cookery that this marvelous metamorphosis is arranged and worked.
It is to this school that Tommy, having become a full-fledged non-cummissioned officer, is sometimes sent to
ROSE'S 11 Hair Grower''positively and permanently cures Baldness, Hair Falling
Out, Dandruff, etc- sod render* the hair soft, giuaiy and beautiful. Teetimonials from leading Toro» to gentlemen. Price $1.00 per buttle
TOM ATKINS’ COOKIE
Those who suffer from stomach troubles are truly to be pitied. Life seems a burden to them ; food is distasteful, and even t hut of the plainest kind is frequently followed by nausea, distressing pains and sometimes vomiting. Such a sufferer was Mr. Harvey Price, a well-known farmer uud stock-grower living at Bis-
To a reporter who recently interviewed him, Mr. Price said :—" I have found Dr. Williams’
Pink Pills of such incalculable value in relievin suffering
but anxious to say a good word in behalf of this medicine, and thus point the road to health to some other sufferer. For five years I had been afflicted with stomach trouble and a torpid liver. I doctored and also denied myself of many kinds of food pleasant to the taste, hut neither the medical treatment nor the diet seemed to help me to any degree. In January, 1899, the climax of my trouble appeared to be reached.
At that time I was taken down with la grippe, and that, added to my other troubles, placed me in such a precarious position that none of my
neighbors looked for my recovery, i jearn the art and poetry of making
- •**.» - • <*•*. «*. «*,.
ness, dizziness! vomiting spells and eris, and it may safely be said that
violent headaches. I was also trou- before a soldier-chef has left the Army
bled with a cough which seemed to School of Cookery he is capable of cook-rack my whole system. I shall never
forget the agony experienced during	.
that long and tedious sickness. Medi- one, between brick walls or between the cal treatment and medicines of vari- desert and the sky, and to do it at any ous kinds had no apparent effect in I time, place, or under any conditions
ïutTfcfr ™ome mmflhr'm^molh’.'r without warning eu much as the buai-induced me to try Dr. Williams' Pink | ness end of a meat-skewer.
PUls In May last I purchased three boxes and before these were gone undoubted relief was experienced.
Thus encouraged I continued the
of the pills, and with the usa of less erally represent the regular forces and .	...	..	. - .
asfÇÿssÆ’sF—m»
greatest ease. My appetite is better I*eunajient l auk, and when back with and sometimes there are sixty or sav-	I wanted-Men totrstsi. «aUry or commission; expert,
than it has been fortyears, and the their regiment—the eaters come and	thousand men to feed at Alder-	FOR ovi-.r i iffy YEARS	eeee unnecessary. Writ»LUKEbbos.00., Moot/eeL^
«tomach trouble .hat had ho lo„«r gd, but the cooks stay on. it not for ehot The cook, are bus, at such times. «KfÆES	HmZ
made my life miserable has vanished.	f ..	--- the child, «oft™* the gum».	Psin. cure, wind troms.ipeeu, twwwses. ah»
r Viann trninad in weight and can	wo	»	eollo, and is ihe best remedy for diarrhœe 2.*>e s hot-
safely eay'thnt I am enjoying better	REMAfNDEU OF THEIR SERVICE. * peculiar clock, of the time of ^ ^\b{ ,£!HARRIS
for.'.'Yf^ï inUe^urTthl0/1tTeeVto	Cooker, pupils from the regular eege s'yle: which hung® from \ hé w.ll,'
may be sick or ailing, will find a | forces have to a»*end classes for four ; high up, withk its works exposed.
cure in a fair trial of Dr. Williams’ | months, but 4hose from the militia Pink Pills.*
iiJhr'bWt!athna^ching lhek!oo“ o"f I and the reas£>D ot tbe difference is disease and driving it out of the ays- that a " regular ” Jias fo learn the use te-m. curing when others medicines fail, of more varied cooking arrangements Most of the ills afflicting mankind are
due to an impoverished condition of	,, ,
the h ood, or weak or shattered upon to work mu., than one kind of nerves, and for all these Dr. Williams' apparatus. Otherwise their courses of Pink Pills are a specific which speed!- l,M nK l,e uientiral.
1y restore the sufferer to health. These The mere knowledge of how to make pille era never sold In any form except and bake bread, to cook meat and ta In the company's boxes, the wrapper I brew tea, etc., are only a tew of the round which bears the full name "Dr subject’s which come under the soldier-
Some men show good-judgment by
tion. It cures because it is sure to j ehowing a lack of self-confidence, reach the right spot. Sold by all druggists or by mail, price $1.00. For trial outfit send 10c in stamps to N.
0ntl>OLS°V & C°" Box 518’	I The “ Balmoral," Free Butt
ROSE & CO.,
SOMETHING ABOUT THE ARMY SCHOOL OF COOKERY.
225 Kuueeevallee Ave., Toronto
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
Mechanics Wanted,
Ana. Plan. <1 60 à up.
European Plan Rmioi • from fl a daw up. Opp. G.T.R. Station, Montreal. Ueo CarsUkeâ Co., Prop e.
I’upll* tlu*t A	Cliiftfteft for Four
Hon lit - Lrurin lo look Over All kinds of Sieve»—Mime >lon»ter IMuliew Hmril I p.
Please do not be misled by the above title into imagining that the soldier's proverbial love for the chubby nymphs of the kitchen has led to the flotation
Owing to enlarging works.
QTKADY EMPLOYMENT ~ ENGINE FITTERS, w accustomed to close »ork on marine and automatio, moulder* bandy builermer-Hraritfor-l w % live, bright city of eighie-n thousand I water work», electric railway, gas and electric lighting. Kents low, living .heap
Hor-jl Carslake
mark. Ont
TOUGH ENOUGH
Çh. Henry, don’t cut your pie with | AVENUE HOUSE-
per day. _
ST. JAMES’ H0TCL-gÀ£7t&ft:
Railway. Pirnt-elaw» Commercial House. Modern im provemente—Rates moderate.
Well, Eliza, you ought to be thank-
me of a long siege of I am not only willing
tg i that
WATEROUS, Brantford, Canada.
Dominion Line
DALLA LILY CREAM
MAIL
STEAMSHIPS
Portland, Me., to Liverpool, colling at Halifax
Westbound.
No man is a hero to hie valet and no man wants to be a valet to hie
We P. CL 1000
youthful complexion. Send 25 cents for tria Lottie, or boat card for circular on »kiu and complexion Addreae W. J. UhQUHAKT, 469 Qiiteo St. W.,Toronto.
ensures a
In return for his knowledge and services, he is allowed an extra 3s fid a week and certain privileges for three
.After that period, if he has given entire satiefaciion. hia extra pay is increased to 5s I. or 9d a day, which is quite a weak.! of money as army pay goes; and his privileges are also enlarged. If. however, ne fails to give satisfaction after passing through the schools and being allowed a fair trial, he is sent back to Aldershot to attend the classes for a further term of Canada to the west and southwest the four weeks, and if then he has not great winter tourist line to California,
Mexico, Texas and all southwestern points. Every Wednesday at 9 p.m. a personally conducted tourist sleeping car will leave St. Louis/ for Los Ange-
on evening trains
Large and fast Steamers Vancouver,
Dominion, Cambroman.
Rates of passage First Cabin, $50 upwards ; He con 4 Cabin, $35. Steerage, $22.50 and $23 50.
For further information apply to local agents, or
DAVID TORRANCE à CO., General Ag-nta,
17 St. Sacrament St. Montreal
SHUTTING HER UP.
Jonas, the newspaper said that if you hold your breath you can get to (Bleep.
Martha, you hold yours and let’s see how that works.
CALVERT’S
Carbolic Disinfectant», Soap», Ointment, Tooth Powder», etc., have been
awarded 100 medals and diplomas for supeilor excellence. Their regular use prevent infections diseases. Ask your dealer to obtain a supply. Lists mailed tree on application.
, STEM WINDING WATCH,
v (Latlys or Oeuf»), SOLID GOLD
m
THE WABASH RAILROAD


N(J. an AUTOHARP, ACCORDEON. a VIOLIN or GUITAR, for selling 9 tu.xe* of Dr, Price'» 8ai* •apari la Blood Pill* at 30c. per DON’T •'END WONKY,
_	_	„ ,	,   « mu ply send your name and ad-
E, fl	1	To send fir our ,	‘jify dreae and we will «end yon the
complete SHEET	Pill», poet paid, with our Catalogue.
\ MUSIC CATAL06UE	Sell them and remit us the paymeul
ITMMCJB V	I and SPECIAL RATE |	?•	•«* dyou the premium you
Teachers SsS m&SSSt-
lunuiiui u Whaley, Reyce
Wanted 13r •;«.
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
ENGLAND


Is the shortest and true route from
MANCHESTER,
i y«
hoi
V
4

learnt all he need know, he i« dismissed from the kitchens and sent
BACK TO ORDINARY DUTIES
It is only rarely, however, that a man lea and Sun Francisco so signally fails to qualify for t he cook- leaving Toronto
house. Needless to say soldier-cooks reach St. Louis next day at 2 p.m., serve up some very prodigious dishes. Kansas City 9.30 p m., same evening Such a dish as a 701b. meat pudding and Denver next afternoon. All Wa-would frighten most cooks into pre- ; bash trains have free reclining chair mature grave*; but the soldier-cook cars» and are solid vestibule from end faces such an order with the utmost to end. Full particulars from any
unconcern, and he knows precisely railroad agent, or J. A. Richardson, Gaffer's COLD CURB lOc. Cure, in » jiffy p. Me what weights of meat, flour, pepper, I District Passenger Agent, northeast!	Coimutk à Co., Agent*, MootreaL
salt, etc., will be required to make it, corner King and Yonge streets, lor-aind that it will feed sixt y men. Twenty onto, and St. Thomas, Ont.
ing a dinner for a thousand or for
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
There are generally about forty non-com*. at the school—pupils under the staff of teacher cooks—and they gen-
i
use
Books, Rosaries. Crucifixes, Scapulars,
is Pictures, Statuary, and Church Ornaments, Love is the last but not the least of I Educational Works. Mail orders receive prompt at ten-
t on.	D. & J 8ADLIER A CO., Montrsal.
Catholic Prayer
j
the diseases of childhood
men,
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.

JAS. R. AM NETT, Manager
JOHN J. MAIN. Supt. and Trees
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
LEAD,COPPER. BRASS Wholesale only. Long Distance Telephone 1736.
WILLIAM 87., TORONTO.
1 Ék 1 £k t Mm* Mhl* * Hal
LAW
R*iri ” w mond OL W., Toronto.
permanently Catarrh of
The most expensive things one ac: quires are those purchased below cost.
only undergo three months’ training,

OmmlsM/ aJ AHrrùs /bru 4, C«j(s
ût Cl&As JaÀtu/ ttis ot cfaJiA/f - ft* oJ J+aU 44 4s
éÿ éfJu*4/SÀi,~ti£is 4^far
#

Esplanade,
0pp. SHerbourne St.,
Toronto
nose,

yf
than Lilia Tommy, who Is neven called
High Class Water Tube Steam Boilers, for All Pressures, Duties and Fuel.
Woods Photo.Lncraving
r j.i .Jones i.ng C.v
O h IO ADII AtI)F 5TVV IOKUNIU
I

r
SEND FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOGUE
Toronto Electric Light Oo., Limitai The T Ratos Co.. Limited.
The M
The Outta Percha Rubber à Mfg Os. The Wilson Publishing Oo., Limited.
wo.timf.
boxes, the wrappei
...................the full name "Dr |
William.’ Pink Pills for Pal. People.’’ rook'a study. Be baa to learn how to All others are counterfeits and ahould | cook over every kind of .tore used in always be refused. Get the genuine sod be mace well.
POULTRY. BUTTER, ECQ8, APPLES,
and other PRODUCE, to «Mure best résulté consign to
The Dawsoq Commission Co., limited,
Oer. West-Market A Sstitsms St, Tsmuts,
y Harris Oo.. Limited.
the British winy, how to use each in open air, and how to cook without an/
(Ail ef Tomato, shorn boilers may he
<
4
j
\
###PAGE###4###
PAGE (S) ABiMEE (S)




t

THE MARKETS.
of the disloyal portion of Cape Colony the result may mean large accessions of col-niai Dutch to the lioer ranks,
(2vn. (tataere left Putter’s Kraal at Î) p. m. with 4,000 men to attack Sturmborg. Tho force made a long march, and wore within a few miles of Stormberg, when, without any warning, floors opened a tor* ntic tire upon them from two sides. When tho British sought shelter they found tin- < speoted shelter commanded by Bn
rumor that Mr. Thus. Murray is to be artillery. The Doers were strong iiumer-presented with the Liberal nomination f, r	nnd beeidw heavy artillery had
Pontiac. W o have also fca 1 a hint that rtit|oat w», given%tlli eirrnd out with there’s something i f tins kind In the wind; great coolness. The British fell back on but where's the use? On the last occasion Molteuu.
THE EQUITY.
O
i
SHAW VILLE, DEC, 14, 1S99.
i
-.J



m i/JMi


EDITORIAL, NOTES.
i
M


Fi
¦ ' !
Our Bryson cot cm. has got hold of a
¦

/
ft K

il


fl
1
X

/



V



that Mr. M. sought to be entrusted with Pontiac's parliamentary atfdrs, it was stated he became so thoroughly disgusted with the result, that he declared the whole business might go to Hades, so far as ho was concerned. This should mean that would see no more of him in the role of candidate. But anyway, with the recollection of that little affair in Manitoba the other day, fresh in mind, it appears to us the Liberals will have lots of time to think of prospective candidates before they will have an opportunity of electing one, and in the meantime, they will likely get informationon a point thatseeuis to trouble them most, namely, what Mr. Bob pore purposes doing.
>


/
FRENCH TALK OF WAR.
They Say Now is Their Time to Get Even With England. I
( mkU DPropEtARfflAGKC0
y bâtLLi^ % m:r. x


Paris, Dec. t> —The Petit Journal may today that M Delcassv, minister of foreigt affairs, has received proof that the disorders which resulted in the murder of French naval t tVuera at Kwang Chao, China, re oently, were fomented by the British.
The paper urges Dulcasse that now i? the time for France to avenge Fashoda.
The whole French press is urging wn with England, which the Figaro calls giant with feet of clay.	f
The Echo D .partis says that Knglani? navy is her only line of defence and is vulnerable, because it is at the mercy' the elements.
<* ij^xi

we
We are selling these first-class stylish Cutters at
See them,
exceptionally low prices.
SHAWVILLE.
SMART & SMITH
9
L

IMPORTANT
Farmers !
Knockout for Greenway.
Public Notice.
4 (iENTS WANTED-FOR “THE LIFE ami Achievement a of Admiral Dewey." the world’s greatest Naval hero. By Mural Halstead, the life-long 11 tend and admirer of the nation’s Idol. Biggest and bet books over Ô00 pages, Kxlu Inches ; nearly 100 page; halltone Illustrations. Only <-1.50. Enormous demand Big Commissions. Outfit free. Ch.Xnce of a lifetime: Write quick The Dominion Company' 3rd Floor Caxton Bldg., Chicago.	,
Get your milling done at
HOC RAISERS.
The Provincial elections in Manitoba on Thursday last resulted in a crushing cLfeat for the Liberal Government of Hon. Thos.
Greenway. Considering tho complexion of the last Assembly, the result maiks ore of the most complete changes in political sentiment in the annals of tha country.
In the House recently dissolved Mr. Green-way held 33 of the 40 seats of which it was constituted. This, it must Le admitted, was gigantic odds to tight against with any hope of winning, apart altogether from the weight of the influence which the 44 business is business" government at Ottawa threw into the scale against him.
Put Hugh John Macdonald, the popular Consorvativeleader, seemstobaveh id faith in the outcome of the task he undertook, and he went into the tight with a determination to win, relying on the good sense of the people to assist him in inaugurating a policy that would vastly improve the existing condition ot the province's affairs. He concentrated all his energies to make the campaign an exceeding y hot one for Green way & Co., and the result has been eminently gratifying. Greenway s big majority has been scattered to Agoilts <^ur Look on South Africa the winds; two of his ministers, even, and j a:ul 1 l,v British-Low \\ av i> a regular the speaker, have been submerged in the	bonanza mr agent n Pig VllC:,P Look,
irresistible wave of condemnation, and he *^ells on sight. < hit lit free, returns from the fray with a foliowii g of i	1 > k a i>i.e a -< « a n iletson t «>., I.iM’i ei\
15 only.	I	Brantford, Ont.
A change so remaikable in public sentiment must be attributable to the existci.ee of something very seriously wrong with the way in which Green way has been administering the province, or that people have turned Unir attention to him as a legitimate sacrifice for the misdeeds of his political friends at Ottawa. There is much to indicate, however, that his own shortcomings along the line of broken pledges, bad railway deals, profl gacy of expenditure, and so on, were considered in conjunction with the dead failure of the Laurier government to fulfil its promises, and that both served to accentuate the verdict of: 44 Found Wanting," which in fact is regarded by many as a dirt ct slap in the face of the Laurier government, which sent Ministers Paterson and Sifton, with other promènent Liberals into the field,
ally. Those gentleman made a weakly defence against the invincible onslaughts of Sir Charles Tupper, George Foster,
Clarke Wallace, and others who gave their assistance to Mr. Macdonald, the worthy son of their late revered chieftain, and the very pronounced protest of the Manito-banscontained in the answertoGreenway’s appeal, presages what the Laurier Government may expect in the west, when they decide to go to the country.
Province of Quebec,	¦¦
Municipality of Clarendon, i
Public notice is hereby given that a public meeting of the proprietors of real estate ami resident house holders, «»f this Municipality, will he held in the Town Hall, it trie village of Shaw ville, on Monday, the vightli (lav of the month of January, nineteen hundred, at the hour of ten in the morning, to proceed with the election of two Councillors in the room and stead of Councillors John Stewart and Wm. A. Hudgins, whose term of office have expir-
I
The New Flour Mills.
The attention of farmers interested in hog raising is directed to the following notices of pure-bred animals for service :
This Mill has been built expressly for the farmers’ trade and in order to get it we are prepared to give in exchange
FIRST-CLASS FLOUR and LIBERAL RETURNS.
O’ PROVENDER ground while you wait, aqd in proper way.
Fc r Sale at Lowest Prices ;
YORKSHIRE.
V
Agents Christian Endeavor, Kpworth League and B. V. I1. 1 Members, Light of Lifo ” is a treasure house of information. We need Christian men and women and others who desire to do good ami nitoko money, to circulate this wonderful book.
1 >R A OLE Y -G Alt HESTON Co.. LIMITED,
Brantford, < hit.
“Jim Jef
Registered Yorkshire Hog. freys.” Fee - 50 vents.
JOHN ARMSTRONG, 7th Range Clarendon.
i *
eel.
Given at Shawrllle this seventh day of December, 18UU.
YORKSHIRE.
Fleur, Germ Meal, Bran, Shorts and Provender. THE SHAW VILLE MILLING CO.
H. MATHESOX,
Sec.-Treasurer.
Improved IliiKlish Yorkshire Hoc Duke ! —registered (No. H2B. Fee, One dollar.
Apply to
W. \V. SHIRLEY, Maple Ridge, Bristol
D. WILSON’S,
Agents :	Dreyfus : tho prisoner of
Devil’s Island. Full story of the most remarkable Military Tiial and Scandal of the age. Big hook, well illustrated, sells on sight. Snap for canvassers. l»KA'»LEV-(iAKHETSON Co.. LIMITED,
Brantford, < hit.
Wanted :	per day sure, gentlemen
! or ladies; special work; position per! uianent; reliable firm, with best references; experience unnecessary.
Address :
YORKSHIRE.
We are Agents far
MAIN STREET. SHAVVVILLE.
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries
Fruit, (in season),
-also -
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw* or stewed.
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
Registered Yorkshire Hog. Took lirst prize at Shaw ville Exhibition this year for nest York shire hog of sea son. Eve 75 for first and 50c. for each Milweuuent sow.
Apply to KO HT. .1. WILSON,
Lot 0, IL L Clarendon.
The Winchester*
u
)

Rifle
CHESTER WHITE.


u

asm.'
Took
Registered Chester White Hog. first prize this war in aged class at Shaw-ville Fair. * W. (i. Mt POWELL.
Sliavv ville.
S. M. Fry.
Field Manager, Hamilton.
Catalogue now ready. Write for ono and prices.
McDGUGALL & CUZNER,
CHESTER WHITE.

White, registered, 75 cents for first and 50
Improved Chester <No. 1287). Fee-~7e
cents for each additional sow.
Apply to
11. H. ELLIOTT.
Pontiac
Woollen
SAVAGE Repeating Rifle.
Clarendon
• I
CHESTER WHITE.
GEO. HYNES,

I offer for service a pure bred Chester-White Hog ; took first prizes at Shaw \ ille and Beachhurg this year. Service fee : 91.00 for lirst and 50 cents for each additional sow.
M
r


FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
CEO. B. RICHARDSON.
1899 Model.
Had ford.

Calibre .303.
BERKSHIRE.
o
Mills
ORIGINAL IN EVERY FEATURE,
POINT BLANK RANGE FOR HUNTING.
ONE RIFLE FOR LARGE AND SMALL GAME. SIX DIFFERENT CART RIG ES.
SMOK ELESS. HAMMER LESS, SIX SHOOTER,
Large English Berkshire (registered*. Won first prize at Shaw ville Fair in 1<*<98 ¦ I and 1899. Fee 91.00. Apply to
ALEX. BEAN
Portage Road.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Write for Catalogue and Circulars, free.
The only Establishment of its kind in the County.
BERKSHIRE.
SAVAGE ARMS COMPANY,
UTICA, New York, U, S. A
IN UNDERTAKING
are-bred Berk
The undersigned has a shire Hog which he offers for service. Fee—One dollar.
I
I also keep a complete stock of Mineral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Public Notice.
Cattle De-horqing.
ED. T. BROWNLEE,
Lot 3, Range 5, Clarendon.

Public Notice is hereby given that all lands in the Municipality of Clarendon in arrears of taxes will be advertised for sale by the County Council, if not settled forthwith. By order
Dec. 4th, 1899.
CARDING
Meat MarketJSPINNING
Etc. Etc,
in hopes of saving their doomed
BERKSHIRE.
I wish to Inform the farmers of Pontiac that I shall beat their service from this date forward for the purpose of dehorning Cattle, with either clippers or saw as desired.
Parties having such work to do are requested to notify me by post card.
SHAWVILLE
9
The undersigned offers for service his pure bred Berkshire Hog “ John Bull**— one of the finest hogs in the country. Fee—One dollar.
II. MATHESON,
Sec.-Treas.
9
GEORGE CATER.
Shawville.
Stray Cattle.
L. D. DAVIS.
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED
| Strayed on to mv premises on 90th Nov emtier, 3 head of cattle—one 2-year old heifer and two yearling heifers -all of red and white color. Owner is requested to come and Identify propert y, and remove the animals at <
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
Shawville, October 25, 1899.
MEATS OF ALL KINDS
TO WHOM IT N|AY CONCERN:
, pay expenses once.
JOHN F. DALE,
Shawville.
NOW IN STOCK.
-o
JHE
Always In Stock a large and well assorted Range
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, I respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
LATEST WAR NEWS.
PORTAGE DU FORT
Of
see
J. G. McGUIRE.
GOOD NEWS FROM LADYSMITH.
New York, Dec. 11.—A cable from London to the Herald says that the news from Ladysmith created great enthusiasm. The destruction of the two big guns and the
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds, Flannels, Prints, &c.
Gentlemen :
Roller Mill
Wanted !
2,000 Cords
Having bought out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, I beg leave to state that I am prepared and In n position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with an order.
Property for Sale.
blL the Boers here reeeired in the opor- Shi-vili.' .' rotiudini^ fouAdilLf‘ ation at Ladysmith. I rom the fact that aI1f| having erected thereon a comfortable thecorrespondent’stelegram reached Frere dwelling house with necessary out-build-on Saturday night, describing the fighting ings. For Particulars and terms apply to on Friday, it is inferred that the invest- Donald McRae, Miauj djc.
ment is not so strict as it was. News of	Hamiota, Man.
the beginning of the general advance from Frere is momentarily expected. The trestle bridge over the river has been finished.
A Ladysmith resident who has escaped to Estcourt reports that he saw no Boers and he believes large forces to be on the Upper Tugela and at Colenso. All indications point to the fact that there has bet n a weakening of the Boer forces around Ladysmith.
ANOTHER REVERSE-—GEN. G AT ACRE LOOSE
aEESE-B5S!'1—
in South Africa have met with another 0n Wednesday, the 20th inst., at 2 p. m disaster. Gen. Gatacre has notified the for the purpose of electing a new Board of | mined.
War Office that on Saturday his force ad- Directors for 1900.	,
vancing on the Boer position at Storm- Directors meeting in the forenoon o
berg w.. led into an ambueh by guide. ' £Til't A HAM, and compelled to retreat with a lois of See. Treasurer, over 000 men. Am this ii the very centre Elinside, Dec. 12, It99.
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
Spruce and Balsam
My Motto :
PULP WOOD !
Prompt attention to business. No disappointments to patrons.
My Determination :
delivered at any point along the Quyon river. Also
First Quality Flour.
Steers Wanted.
To turn out a class of work that will bear successful comparison with the very best ; a class of work that by its stylish ami fashionable appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
Leave your Measure next.
These Goods are from
Any quantity of Spruce Pulpwood
The undersigned wants a few yearling
steers—not necessarily fat-for feeding fche best Scotch, English purposes.	___ 1	r
Apply to W. A. HORGINS.
Box M, Shawville
Farmers favoring this Mill with their
custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in
every respect.
delivered at any point on either bank of the Ottawa river between Quyon village and Black river ; or on the Bernard Creek or Coulonge river, for which
THE HIGHEST MARKET PRICE
will be paid.
Time of delivery not later than March 15th 1099.
All wood to Im? measured on the banka of the rivers and streams mentioned.
tiV
i
and Canadian manufactories.
Public Notice.
JOSEPH BROWN,
They have been selected with a view to
supplying people with the class of goods
Proprietor.
FOR SALE:
at prices that must sell them when ex-
• •
J. W. COIVIBA, tailor.
A quantity of—
A. BODGING
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
WILSON & ARGUE.
(McArthur's building. Main St.)
9
JOHN YOUNG,
President
Shawville, Nov. 20,1899.
proprietor.
L ••








###PAGE###5###


THE EQUITY,
Tho shops of the McLaughlin carriage works at Othaws, Ont., were destroyed by tiro on Thursday la«r, involving a loss of many thousand». Throe hundred employees are thrown out of work.
The bar of Ottawa county at a meeting in Hull passed a resolution by which cor tain notaries, bailiffs and at uden h infring ng upon the lights of the lawyers by practising as solicitors or collectors will be warned to desist from such usurpation in future.
At a missionary mooting in England, tho Rev. VV. Hudson, who has spent several years in Johannesburg, said that President Kruger, in his farming days, was known to have yoked native women to the plough when oxen failed him.
Perth, Ont. Nov. 30. — J. Ulaka, accused of the mnvdvr of his wife, wa< yesterday found guilty of manslaughter, in ihe A*»izes by a jury and sentenced to two and a half years in the Kingston penitentiary. It was brought out at the trial that the woman met other men, and frequently entertained them at her home. One evening last September Blake found hi* wif* in lier ro« ni in company with a man, and he dubbed her to death.
It is understood that at tho next session of parl;ament that application w 11 hi renewed for the charter to construct the bridge between Ottawa and Hull at Bank streit It is expressed also that the fight will bo a hard one, but some of the promoters believe that in view of the fact that n general election cannot be very far off that tho opposition from interested political quarters will not be so great.— Ottawa Journal.
Rev. R. F. Taylor, rector of Christ church, Aylmer, is suffering from a broken left arm, which he sustained last week. While driving along the Aylmer road towards the city Rev. Mr. Taylor was pitched out of his rig by his horse suddenly shying at some cows in the roadway. The arm was broken near «he shoulder, and Rev. Mr. Taylor will bo unable to use tho limb for some time. His many friends wilt be sorry to hear of the accident. In the meantime some of the clergy in the district are assisting in the work at Chiist church, Aylmer.
Toronto, Dec 7 —The situation in Can ad a in regard to tho scarcity of white paper is becoming suriou*. All Canadian mill uwneia and large dealers have sent out circulars withdrawing prices for the present, rind for the first time in years 1 orders nro being rejected or half filled, American manufactures have been vain'y seeking shipments of wood pulp from Can adian mills. English dealers also have made enquiries in Canada. A member of a large Canadian firm states that possibly in a short time Canadian manufacturers wou’d be in a position to secure this Eng-ish trade
as. IMIPE& Co.
Vf ANUFACTUHIMI STATION BII8.BOOKSEL atI. 1er*, H'iokliiiuler* Printer#, etc. Depository f tue Ottawa Auxiliary lllhk’Sofilvty,Ottawa,Ont.
%
1899. XMAS 1899.
I
m
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PVRLISHRD KVRRY TUVHMUAY
AT BHAWVILLR. Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPT/ON—$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
pit" No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, utiles# by spécial arrange in eut with ubllslier.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER

*
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
and

A'
NOTARY PU HU
NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN aNI> BAVINUrt CM., UK ONTARIO.
JEWELLER
-ooo-

(' '


KEEPS
A SELECT MTO< K OK
watches,
CLOCKS,
jewellery,
bilvirwarb
Ac. &c.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, -
Will be hi Slinwvillo on Tuesday of every week.
« H j > fDepartmental
G. F. HodgmskStoKpe
The
QUE.
i
• i •
:o:
ADVERTISING HATES :
Legal advertising. eight cents per line for first Insertion and four renia per Une for each subsequent Insertion.
Business ranis not exceeding one Inch Inserted At WOO per year.
Exioal announcement* Inserted at the rate of five cents per lino for ilrst Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising hy the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rales, which will bo given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
c
g$v
R. MITCHELL,

BAILIFF OF THE HWEBIOB COURT, for the District of Pontiac. O ill ce, Main Mt.,
rtuaw\ Hie.
A'’counts collected and prompt returns made.
Rkiahuno—
a Wpwtalitt:
see
SHAWÏILLE, Q.
This is the CENTRE of Attraction
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN S^ITtj, Proprietor.
s
?
FOR THE HOLIDAY SEASON!
o ? o
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and DOOR
t
FACTORY.
Business Booking 1
Never before in the history of this Store has business been so brisk as now. Our sales are increasing at an astonishing rate. This proves that we lead with saleable goods as well as low prices.
Our Methods in business are Fair, Equitable and Honest—in fact peculiarly our own.
We are The People
For Toys, Games, Novelties, and Holiday Goods of every description.
JOD PRINTING.
The spot spot for
All kinds of Job Krlntlng neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly ultended to.
A Fashionable Hair Cvt Good Shampoo, or A ( i.kan Shave.
—ALL KINDS ( F —
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher.
t-'J' Your Turn next.
Interior & Exterior
Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY of Ottawa.
Articles to he laumlried forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
FINISH FOR	L
Houses & Verandahs -jjP
MANU Vk( .TUBED.	W]
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
DOORS, 8AS1I, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, &c. &<:>
Kept in xt<wk and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPÜLAUPRICB8.
Here We Are I
F. M.A. McNaughtoq,
GRADUATE OF McGlI.I. UNIVERSITY,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. II Knox, Shaw ville.
s
McCREDIE & HODGINS.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
' t'Â
Estimates furnished.
O
»

F. T. M. C.
% >
m

Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Office and Residence : J. 11 Armstboso’b liocae, MAIN STREET - - SUAWV1LLK.
4 %
- -
y
TIE HELL ELECTRIC CO.
Dolls for the Little FolK I

See our special “ Santa Claus ” Stocking, full of Toys, and have a look at our many Surprises for children’s gifts.
' >•

• Tv

.s. # 9
\*s
Car»run at Intervals of t wenîy inlrmten In the morning and fifteen minute» In t he after noon, dally, Sundays Included.

LEGAL.
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L
Always ahead for
LOWEST PRICES BIGGEST ASSORTMENT BEST GOODS, in
J
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
Our Xrrias Groceries have Arrived.
New Raisins and Currants, Shelled Walnuts, Mixed Candy, High-class Mixtures, Caramels, French Creams, Chocolates, New Dates and Figs, California Prunes, &c.
Everything at Holiday Prices !
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Shaw ville every Monday.
will VISIT
i
W. R. TAYLOR,
Sec.-Treas.
WM. GAMBLE,

»*!
BARRISTER, &c
159 Main Street, ....
At Sbawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Horigins’ Store, Main St.
A
•I
?it
STOVES TINWARE, AGATEWARE,
PIPES, &c.
••• AX^I-4 *##
1 Stevens rifles
"V
Hull.
5
BBCW.k ts^«
m-KiCàiM « ¦ >'A

Itov. Win. N. Bar
Moii 11 i*:d, !	7
hour, D. D , for many years principal of the British North America Congregational ! College at Montreal, and who retired a ' year or two ago, was found dead in h:s hed at hie home m Maiden, a few miles from Boston, on Tuesday.
.hitii (jr McConnell,
TTORNKY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, Que. will, at request, attend all courts ( u the district. All correspondent-* prompt-
lyvvtn he atshawvllhHrst Thursday ofoacb mouth.
very Merry Christmas and a
We wish all ouv patrons a Prosperous New Tear.
#4
* arc guaranteed to be
u
H4
A
i
l SAFE, SOLID. •
1
G. F. HODGINS.
ACCURATE,
>
Now on hand a fine range of all kinds of
A
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
T From tho
Montreal, Dec. 7.—Two prominent members of tho Montreal Amateur All -
lotie associaton, who went to the Klondike j * PPLICATION will lie madeby the last spring, have returned here. Thty	polltiac p^citic Junction Railway
| ire Messrs Alex. Irving and Percy Thomp- Company to the Parliament of Canada, at son, and their advice to all young men is -ts next*session, for an Act authorizing it At prices running from not to give up positions to go out there, to construct and operate a railway from
They have found it pretty hard and are ^ or near QUyon or Shaw ville to Pern-just beginning to get acme return for their jjroj.c% an,i to* construct branches of its p dns. They will go bick to the Klon- railway not exceeding thirty miles, dike in the spring, but they don’t cure to	\. FERGUSON,
spend the winter there.	Solicitor for the Company.
Dated 7th December, 1899.
Cook Stoves, Box Stoves, Parlor Stoves,
$6.00 “ Favorite " to our most expensive*6 Ideal.”
I
Ellioit & Barter’s II 1
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
230 Main St, - Hull, Que-,
(Old IteglHtry Office, opposite Court House.)
Law business iu District of l’outiac attended to.
-x *
The “IDEAL” Xo. 44 is a fine rifle.,, ONE OF Qllt LEADERS, price only $10. J J % V.’e gnu .ntee it in every respect. Xoth-^ ing cheap about it but the price.
I Made regularly In .22, .25 »nd .32 calibre rim-tire. .25-20 STEVENS, .32-40.
,£ .38-55 and. 41-10 center-lire.
| IN SPECIAL SIZES, Si2.00.
Sendstamfi for complete Catalog and
Hand Book.
SHAWVILLE.
1
2 50 up-
!
W. W. IRELAND,
Note that :
Planing,
Matching Dressing
A:V This is the place to get tho BIGGEST PRICE Hides and Pelts, ns we ship direct to the large dealers.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
for your
Deeds,
sat..
factorlly.
GREAT FOREST WEALTH
NE demande sera adressée au parlement du Canada, d sa prochaine session, par la Compagnie de chemin de fer Pontiac et Jonction du Pacifique, afin d’obtenir un acte l’autorisant d construire et exploiter un chemin de fet partant de ou prés de Quyon ou Shawville et allant jusqu'à Pembroke, et construire des embranchements de son chemin do fer "h excédant pas trente milles.
A. FERGUSON,
Solliciteur de la Compagnie.
Daté le 7 décembre, 1899.
U
C. E. WAIN MAN,
SHAWVILLE.
3 J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL GO.,
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
The Upper Dumoine District has Still an Abundance of Pine.
Tho permanency of the lumber industiy in the Pontiac district la attested to by High Constable Groulx, of Hull, wl o has just returned from a trip to the lumber regions along the Dumoine river a d Jamvs Ink/, aays the Ottawa Citizen. This official states that the growth of pine timber in these regions is astonishing, as the class of timber now taken c ut is equally as good in quality and a.za as that which was cut 38 years ago, when he was last In the district. The H*wkes bury Lumber company has three large camps of men at work, while several jobbers are also filling contracts. Mr. Groulx states that despite the fact that the district has been yielding lumber to the mills continuously for forty years, logs are even now being taken out 35 inches in diameter.
ages	¦¦
could be shown,” stated Mr. Groulx. The high constable has just passed over the ground he worked on 38 years ago and to reach his destination he had to walk 75 miles over rough wagon roads. He expects the timber output to be larger than ever this year.
P.O.Box 1311.
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
«
*
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
T>AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 1> yhawvllle Que., respectfully *o Melts engagement» for any busineHstu connection with all Court»In tho County. Collections madeaud prompt return saasured
and
District and Country.
*
Diphtheria and scailitina are said to bo prevalent in Renfrew.
Mr. P. D. McLaren has been appointed associate coroner for the County of Renfrew.
Arnprior boasts of haying one of the finest skating rinks in this part of the country.
A well grounded rumor is afloat that the C. P. R. will take over the Ottawa and Neff York Railway within the next year.
The widow and children of Abraham Morphy, who was killed by falling through the Appleton bridge in the Township of Ramsay, have been awarded 84,500.
His recent gift of $02,600 for a Dawson chair of geology to perpetuate the memory of the late principal, brings Sir William McDonald's contributions to McGill University up to something over two and a quarter million dollars.
Another big batch of Doukhobore are to take up residence in the Northwest, and will arrive here during the next year
or
will be required to provide for the wintering over of the squad now within her borders.
Mr. Bennett, Canadian Government agent at Omaha, Neb., has sent some 4f>4 settlers into the Canadian Northwest during the past season. Many of these heads of families, whose wives and children were unenumerated or will join them next year. The settlers brought into Canada in money or portable property some $394,000.
We understand says the Renfrew Journal, that the License Commissioners are not yet through with the legal proceed ings brought against them by Mrs. Becker, for refusing to grant her tenant a license for the British Hotel. The mandamus applied for in Toronto was not granted, hut the Commissioners and Inspector were salted for all their costs. The action for $5,000 damages is now in
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
GENERAL.
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationary
m	Sample» Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. Hales conducted In a business-li ke and satisfactory manner. Goods or «rtlcios of any kind taken and disposed of by public or private sale on reasonable terms. 1 uu-Hc sales conducted at Hhawvllle once » month. A variety of articles always on hand for sale: Office : Shaw ville, Que.
FOR SALE.
all demands supplied for
ROUGH AND DHESSED LUMBER.
WM. BARBER
o
Shropshire Ram Lambs, registered or otherwise, to suit the purchaser. Also Berkshire Boar, registered.
These animals will be sold cheap for
cash.
Oct. 31/99.
J. G. ELLIOTT.
Court Shawville,
No 216.
LO.F^
An Earthquake
EDWARD BROWNLEE,
Clarendon.


“ Were it not for the rav of forest fires even better results
m
Meets the 4th Wednes day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F.8
PATENTS
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
PROPERTY FOR SALE.

PROMPTLY SECURED
LBC.
Write for our interesting books Invent; ore Help" and “How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell vou free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION & "MARION PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors in
Association, N«w England Water Works Assoc. 1’. q. Suivcyors Association, Assoc. Member van. Society of Civil Enylntcre.
«rc «cc * NEW YORK LIFE B'LD'C.. MONTREAL CAN. OFF.OES. ati anTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D C.
The undersigned offers for sale his desirable property situated on Main street, Shawville, opposite theBank. For terms and particulars apply to
¦¦ SILAS YOUNG, ¦
Park man P. O.
J. A. Cowan, R.8.
Hugh Hobbs, C R.
The Farmer
hotels.
A Great Scheme.
will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes.
St. Lawrence Hall,
VICTIM OF CANNIBALS.
It is reported that the Canadian Pacific Railway company is purchasing right of way for a canal up the French river from the Georgian Bay to Lake Nipissing, and that the construction of a twenty foot waterway will be commenced in the spring. Also that large elevators will be erected at North Bay and the C. P. R. grain tieet will make a bid for tho carrirge of the American graiu crop from the weal to the seaboard.
The distance from Lske N posing to the mouth of the French river is 09 miles, and the rise is 01 feet, divided among seven or eight falls or rapids, the intervening stretches of river being wide and deep, so that it off-.rs few obstacles to be overcome by a canal route which can he constructed at a comparatively low cut, considering the advantages to bo gained.
Should the report prove correct, it willbe athinggoodforOttawa ,as it will be another towards the diversion of the chan nel of trade from the lower lake route to tho Ottawa valley, which is the shortest and most advantageous route for the transhipment of the immense gram trade of the central northern states, which at present goes by Buffalo, to the Ottawa and St Lawrence valley route. —Ottawa Cilizio.
Meanwhile the people of Canada
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress#
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attachf.d.
White Man Eaten in Admiralty
Islands.
The Housewife
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and mplete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy and comfortable.
Vancouver, B. C., Dec. 7. —Details were brought by the steamer Warrimoo from Australis, of tho atrocious murder of a white man and subsequent devouring of tho body, by the treacherous cannibals of the Admiralty Islands. A letter daud Manlapea, New Britain, fays: "Twelve months ago, two young Germans, named Mentik and Moite, opened a trading s‘a-tho small island of S'. Andrew,
pONTl/ HOUSE
60 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
CO
were


I




S*K-f

In Conclusion,

*
m
Suffice it to say wo have everything usually kept in an up-to-date general store.
a
tion on ¦ L	,
in the Admiralty group, to the North of
German New Guinea, and iu spite of tho fact that the natives are a me s: troaeher ous and cunning race, appeared to got on well with them. The two traders decided to purchase tho island. Mnlto went to New Britain to arrange tho deal, leaving Meutzk with ten Solomon Island boy». Upon his return he found that Men ak had been murdered, together with four of hit boys, and the bodies had been cut up, cooked and eaten by the savages. The last murder of white men In this island
was in 1892.


Trade Marks Designs
P FFvf" 1 Copyrights Ac.
specUU notice, without charge. In the
Stiefllilit BiKrtom.
St

.
SILAS Y0ÜÎTG
.Starke’s Comers.
\

!


ESI
move
progress, and will be tried before a jury at the coming fall assizes in Pembroke. It is said several prominent citizens will be summoned to give evidence on behalf
j
To PATENT Good Idea
& co,36,b*—•»!
our aid. Address,
THE PATENT RECORD, Baltimore, Md.
New York
itogton, D C. ,
SHAWVILLE, P:Q-
C. CALDWELL, •
of the plaintiff and the trial promises to be spicey.
PROPRIETOR
• • •
# #
.

V



1
^
###PAGE###6###
BECOMING MEAT EATERS MRS J,M-dawson-s underfakkr
Om BRITAIN A SHAKE
heir to six millions.
ABOUT CANADA.
FACTS ABOUT CANADA
&r-S=HH3 ™H3=E; *™—F=	: "=3=S=Z=
ami	üg*	' T	1 lMU infg lhe	hungry'	70' ufltir having bwn	i*k>r from child-	The Lieutenant-Governor has signed their connecting rivers, from the head	In	1898	there	were	in	Ontario	4M).
The entire Japanese nation is be- flo farV^ I	1,0,10	undoriaking,	hood, she suddenly finds heraeIf to be	an	order-in-Council which is expect- 0f Lake Sujwrior to the Atlantic	604	working	horses,	77,880	breeding
coining a mcc of meat eaters, rice and m ui an \ hi- T »	,	"7, * °ne of the richest uud luckiest women re to result in the establishment in üo^u, cover a distance of 2,384 mile., maim, and 102.851 other horses, the
a kindred vegetarian diet not seem- burying H‘oid!^^Th,,s °kf L	l°.lh° Statvd‘ 8 iy* * l,t'8^tvh £rum Ontario of ex,ensive worka fur 1,10 ThoJ cover an arM t,£ ab°ut 100,000 , total being 011,241; there were 44.404
-	•»—» — -'i'EKJSir:: r,:: E?K?jEr-£. tss c^trxrr	.....
widow of the late ilt-orge Hillsou, who navy. It is the intention of the died several years ago. She is very Government to re-open negotiations modest in the possession of her new- with the Imperial authorities, under
found fortune.	which the Lords Commissioners of the the bay proper of about 609 m lea.
'It seems comfortable/’ she says, dif- Admiralty may obtain an interest in The total area of lands set out for fidently, "to feel in	one’s declining	the	still unpatented nickel lands of settlement a nee 1872 ih 80,CM),975 acres,
v jura that there is uo	longer any need	the	province, and by means of their or 51)0,252 farms of 10 acres each
io worry for the future."	, ; o an	At l hv	n homestead of
be- gmga. she hustled him out and varne Mrs Ilillson. it seums, is one of the ply of nickel for the manufacture of
com,» «j.p.1 n u .	" "ng lake i are of llim' Al ‘sk'1"	bireoi heirs of Elisha Crowell, an ting-	armor	plate	and	other	materials	for
Meat ent.ng has developed in Japan	guay some friend gave her a lean	lisbmau, who, at h,a death, many years	,to	protection	and	equipment of	war
wtthm the past "Jo years to such an	and lank little Eskimo dog, broken to	ago. loft an amount equal to fau.OJO,-
extent that the uuveminent is now	harness, and apparently broken in	VOJ iu the 11auk of Bristol. The m-
casting about for a menus to bring	health. At least he could scarcely	terest which has accrued since that
,1. supply up to the demind. For th. dreg bi_,l around, butlnsneyen-	:.ZC.:2,i::wRht:::Z
purpose of investigating lb, methods or vu,Idled him up carefully and by the, 8ible lhus {ar t0 uaCeriain I he exact faolure of nrmor ,lllUe had not then • f stock raising! and ala ugh .©ring van- time she was ready to go on the road amount of the estate. There are .	.	,
pioyod in the United .tales, Mr. in-1 t^Uog uaa able to pul, a fair aled	A'Z^u/dZ,J th, pn,ff.'red pr,„.
mo Nitohe, a, Japanese official of un-I	gins I millionaire, her shar, is to be lege
larger than that of many of tho others.
Mrs Hi I Ison was born iu Prince Edward Island. She was marr ed early
iu life and has seven children still lions with the Empire it is desirable
many others on the trail, and when “"Tin a/aie of*thenars of‘consuint al	opportunity to renew the
the fir.1 tollg to »as retched ,he wt. rL%^:lC^hto%:%	InTril.C.^l:'::
mans wit uumfesied itself still more, scarcely expect. The fact that she is for their objeot Uie concessions of an bhe was iu advance with the dog and now very rich has naturally cheered
th© tiled, her husband watching the }1, r 10 u considerable extent, but it	,	,	*
. .	. ..	.	has not created any appreciable riu- i ed la,uls uf the Crown for Imperial
able effects of meat eating on the ©inamder ui then g. t d.s some < isiance ^|0 Qf excitement or induced her to an(t national uses, on such terms as
Japanese, says:	back.	maku the slightest change in the daily «nay b© mutually agreed upon.
One thing th© change in th© diet	TI1E TOLLG ATE KKKPEit	methods of her life. It would easily That it is desirable to secure the
nvi.if do is, to create a desire for more looked her over a minute took a squint bv l^as.bte for her to raise money im- l‘slab «Birman t in the province of re-und stronger stimulants. At present *	.	,	,	,	, ’	. ,	,, mediately on the strength of the for- , fining p ants in accordance with the
our national drink is 'sake,' a rice a \ btV me;Usley hule 1l,.og’ a.Ild frankly, tune that is to come to her; she stead- scheme ol the charter of the Canadian beer, quite harmless, comparatively !uld hel lhaLke w<.,uld 1,6 1 *}* ?od 1 , llT refuses, however, to do so, tut con- Copper Company or otherwise, and, if More meat may mean a desire for It- lono woman like that would have to, tinues to live along in the same old necessary to Hi© success of this oh
quors stronger thaa the sake/ You J<1>' X? g° /hrou,gh bif gat,e	w*y on l>o top floor of a small, plain | jeot. to ask that effect be given to
know the Japanese have not been MMl,t btu lalu.ng. £lee of .cosL ‘ 1,1,1 11 g house, with her daughter and her four the provisions ot the act for impos-
œEBEür^..	mssm
or was ou tl„ Isl.md u„UI	«— • «* " MUST PRODUCE FINE N1CKKL.
;r.‘.r.b,«£.r3'S;	1, ï-ir-tf .:5e ,:r ^	«.	oSS f.zsM
geologuil researches. 1‘hilology says ' % '	i,,Tt b© ten i * when several was on a visit to a civilian friend in of mining lauds hereafter issued shall
ported into Japan many years ago, but I1()ti	> s:hp , hanked them with a lug four ur £lvo m,le8» he £ound him' the province so as to produ e fine
mm© in with) th© Buddhistic religion,	, A ‘sspd on Then Hhe self in a narrow path on Lhe side ol nickel and copper of marketable qua!-
EBEE;S3P	##=5#
extent. No, much «tuck hits been oA'day'a man'died "on üiè^reëkjTt was too late to withdraw, so be BIUTAIN DID NUT ACCEPT. ëaZfgoid'’%cu:e	which
“SFÆœ	Ia % •'	Hi
to certain districts. It is peculiar that and she hustled Jim out after the job. continued for a lew moments to lien an( national uses to which nickel was aruated 11 81 x Jeara later-	' -.41^,810 went l«‘«u la • «j4 » jV> 1'iilO
owing to religious tendencies, the Tl© got it of course, and in a short herself into full wakeiuluess. The cup- being then applied by foreign Gov- Missouri chickens to the number or P^tm* piesscd »e©	, -171188 336
conutry is divided into districts, in time he had his can*-nler's tools nul	iwrleclly still, with hiscyos ernments, and of the consequent de- amount of 865,000 lbs. have been or- ‘"““T? rlëh ,„,nmri 11	168 i.ouiid.
trier stallions, and in another mares, ©rvthing ready in true professional	lew steps loiwaid and made	a Uasn at	which the Government of the United	..	‘	_	‘	pounds went 11oiu :a ’ *l J w » ' ’ .
In the first district no horses what- style, and the funeral was a great	him with her teeth.	Lmcinly	she seiz-	Kingdom -bould acquire a substantial	1(1 u 3— *.4*0J against a trolley	corn-	pounds potk, of whicix 1,1». , P° * *
ever are used, and in the other dis- .success. Jim got 82V) for his efforts, ©d him by the llap ol his coat, just Qr, possibly, a controlling interest in P®1^ 1° a boy who had both legs cut went from Canada ; f. C? n>,lUn f tricts no cows' are used. These dis- and Jim’s wife knew what their mis-	over the bieast, so	mat he	was uot	the nickel deposits of the Sudbury dis- . tiff by a car which ran over him	walled pork, of which 1,9J7,808 went
tricts nr© scattered, all over the is- *ion was in th© Klondike.	hurt by the blow.	trict. The Imperial Government was	Th© southern part of Africa	is	of	£,um Canada ; 00,110,912 pounds ot I ©T
land, nnd I hav© been engaged in map- “Other funerals followed, and Jim Then the captain had a chance to to be granted, conjointly with the pro- volcanic origin .nd th© i .nd in th.. mvuts* ol which 1,3;U,TJI pounds went ping them out.	got them, and took in 8200 or 8JO!) for appreciate the leeLngs of a muu>© vince, or in such other manner as	.	, g *	.	from Canada ; 359,;2j,13 i pounds but-
mci’	vvamptf	each one. Now and then, a man would	wlieu it is shaûuu by a cat. The tig-	might b© agrved to, control over part	n*‘-ghoorhood	of Kimberley is so hu\-	(ert of which 17,508,880 pounds w©nt
,,	*.	.	.	‘	di© whose friends	wished his body	sent	r©ss shook him till bis senses leu him.	0f all the nickel ore in the Crown !	• ll!I0US that	even ants cannot exist	fIO,„i Canada; 2 12,018,024 iHjunds cheese,
lh« beginning	oC	meat eating	in	outside, and for	this kind Jim	got	perhaps it was as well they did leave	lands of the district, subject to such	111 U*	of which 100,.04,272 pounds went fmro
Japan was du©) to	the introduction	of	$K()0.	him, lor his position as she held him	arrangements for the estab ishment in Literary attainments are not in	Canada ; 235,909,‘40 pounds laid, i-f
Western civilization some 25 or 30	jN TnR XViNTRR	over the deep chasm was not an envi- Ontario of nickel-steel works or manu- high favor in the Transvaal, the only which 5,035,072 pounds went, frum Can-
pplp, iSiBSÉ
©at meat. 1 hey found it good and the unfjj spring.	"	©>vs to see only the blue say ai-ove offer, it is b dieted that now, since al the present time there are two / 180 128 pounds went from Canada ;
demand has increased constantly till	" Grave digging was hard	work in	him. 11© dared not move, lor the	tig- the value of nickel	armour has	been	und one half times as many people	13s .78'99- pounds raw	hides, of which
now, m order to supply the demand,	thp winter, and it required	two or	less might be close at his	elbow, to fu ly established, ihe negotiations	may	employed underground.	3,; 512 'pounds went	from Canada ;
w© -ire k., uiig our cattle it a rat© <>f three da vs of thawing and digging to he shut his eyes and remained mo- be protitabiy renewed.	Th© fores' fires devastated the 121,758,803 bushels wheat, of which 9,-
land unless something is done.	Jim was when It wras necessary. One	of somebody sneezing. His lust	  lan is of l,n l.i:r dur.ngth©	unpre-	{ heU	o£ oata	of which 8,147.3,42
Japan is well adapted to the raia-	winter night word came to Jim’s cabin	thought w as that sum© one had come	Wha, n Fermer €*a;.e 4 elony litgh 4 « mml».	d 1 droUgllt laat summ,‘r*	bushels went from	Canada; 4,0(i7.825
ing of cattle and sheep. It has an to com© six or seven miles over the to th© rescue and beaten the tigress	sioner Thinks About Them.	bushels peas, of which 1,892,221 bushels
Sïïf,«5»jrï2tis& sn&'tirtA waatu-kssas. . »	,r. <>„. n,„.
with rice fields,, tike up but 12 per .Tim was. and without a word she growls mingled with l he sneering ' preset,lative, Lord L-.ch, who was High Tea, Baid the scientific passenger. It from Canada, 114,338.581 bushels corn, cent, of the island, so that 88 percent	hitched her little dog to its sled, took	H© turned slowly round lie couid	Commissioner for Cape Co.'oncy 1889-95,	is a well-established fact that	dark-	of which	15945.004	bushels went from
heing mountainous region, may be	h©r lantern and started over the snow	hardly believe his eyes, there was lie	and ;8 1>articularly well informed with	haired women have much more	violent	Canada;	11.769,581	barrels flour, of
BEE 5
timothy and other, kiuds of expensive	and the live man waiting with the dead	the most piteous grimaces.	Queen and if it ever	became necessary	There is no doubt about it my	dear	ad i ° 115540 bushels	rye, of which
grasses. This did not' pay and the	on© for Jim thought it was	a ghost	The truth dawned upon	him.	In they would be sure	to fight for	her	sir, said the S. P. But have you a	per-	!731740 bushels went	from Canada;
mmms isiifes êssswü
SSK52«ipssEis	=####-...........................~............ ëssse
During the recent war with China, M ^	^nt'T^SeatUe where^he A littIe Bio?y' quite ini the 8lyle of ' er Approve the Government’s policy, he I Mrs B.-You know well enough how 716 bushels apples, of which 1.442,936
were of a mountain breed and quite i •	0 w£ljc£l o,ey have not vet Roman suburb when she noticed a Ix>rdship believes that Mr. Schreiner I auy more*	I which non© were from Canada.
ÏÏL.TÏÏÏSf«3?	--jlSSrmiS2rsMjr%
greatly, and since the war the Gov-	_	to her. There was * little conversa- u|t	J I TOO MUCH PROFIT IN IT.
E»i
Ki	- “•	- “SSLk. And II I did think „	«'.>£¦ Sk"SI25? V.VSiJ.S'U"
Ma* isrïs	b ¦
couched In the following words : "Signora—Your gift has caused me no end
of tears	WMjBBWWBH
money my elder brother grabbed the
sweets, and ms to the stockings, why,
mother put them on herself."
I
VEGETABLE DIRT NO LONGER SUFFICES THE JAPANESE.
SOMETHING
CONCERNING LIVE STOCK AND PRODUCE.
¦hIIuhhI 4 h:»r rlrrUllr* l.riuluiill> 4 hmu • «It	© liii'Mr llmilul Folk Have lit
rome Imbued II lih Western Idea# *pvel:il i oiiiuilMtloner \»w link lug In qatrlo* l ourvriiliiu Malting 4Welle.
h or.s vs sifjd
In lHih thin were in Ontario 905,. square miles. Including Its two arms >ji milch cows, 315.095 store cattle, m it has un extreme length north and an 2,215,943. Of theae south of 1,300 miles, and a width across cdd.
for t lie "Western "hustle by tii© awakened, Orient.
adopted beginning. Vegetar- * “ ians and anthropological! students are he continued, highly in teres ed in the
' It way really the wife who did it"
j " and her story is inter-
i um:i1 «sung. Her husband, whom ha graatly
changes that must soon result in this admires and affec tionately vails ,Jiin/ almost imi ve: • 11 change of diet. Al- was
552,485 were
There were 1,677,014, sheep, 1,642,787 hogs, 1,024,285 turkeys, 454,335 geese and 9,064,273 other fowls iu Ontario bust year.	•
The values of live stock per head
worker
underready small changes are perceptible, taking establishment, and when the but a lew years hence strongly mark- rush began toward the gold dig-ad divergencies must inevitably
a
in an
100acres, t fu se i.i ii « i a would sustain an agricultural population of over 2,500,- *n Ontario in 1897 were:	forking
jlonje-t £t;if breeding mares #104,
ouo
I About 7,000,000 acres of land have been surveyed by the Government in Quebec for sale.
There are now in Nova Scot in about other cuttle, #10 02, sheep over one
1,500,000 acres of ungranted lands, a year #4.37, sheep under one year #2 02, considerable quantity of w hich is unsuited for cultivation.
Ill est.(mated that there are about 7,000,000 acres of ungranted lands in other fowls, »21o New Brunswick.
Ontario last year produced 26,158,713 bushels of fall wheat to 1,018,182 acres;
0,875,78.» bushels of spring wheat to
389,20.» acres; 12,003.6 8 bushels of bar- year was 5,104,080 pounds ley to 438,784 acres ; 801,8.>8,293 bushels of oath to 54,376,800acres, 2.673,231 bushels of rye to 105,089 acres ; 13,621,203
bushels of peas to 805,951 acres; 2,273,- ehoep and 00,048 swine 045 bushels of buckwheat to 150,394 acres ; 759,651 bushels of beans to 45,220 acres ; 14,368,025 bushels of |*)tatoes to 1 (.9.910 acres; 4,309,003 tons of hay and clover to 2,153,533 acres.
Manitoba Iasi year produced 25,313,715 bushels of wheat to 1,488.232 acres,
Untar.o produced 10,509,590 pounds of tobacco last year to 7,871 acres.
this 7,095,970 lbs. came from Essex and «&,* ^heeo 71708 valued at #390,442, 8,018,190 lbs. from Kent County.	'
Canada, in 1898, exported ngricultur-	. a. .
a I products, domestic, to the value of u©<l a,l #841,920, went to the Ma es.
#75,834,8.>8, the value going to Great , Canada exci ted 318,339,052 pounds of Britain being #00,227,923, and to the provisions valued at #29,012,237 in 1898-United States #5,064,853.	The value of the export to the United
The breadstuffs exported by Canada States was #73,019, and Lof Great Brit-last year were: wheat, 18,903,107 bush- aj,n #29,425,901.
els ; flour of wheat, 1,249,438 barrels ; I Canada last year exported 70.814,948 barley, 143,650 bushels; oats, 9,876;403 pounds of bacon, 8,463,88i pounds hams, bushels; |*\is, 3.730,131 bushels.	j,©02,201 pu urn Is pork, 253,122 pounds
Canada last year imported bread- lurtl, 698,214) pounds beef, 138,050 pounds s: ulfs as follows; wheat, 4,414,307 bush- muitou, 2, 2 ,073 pounds canned meats, els; flour, 10.741 barrels ; barley, 101,303 alll| 4 202.10/ pounds of other meats, bushels ; Indian corn, 19 975,9 >1 bushels; xhe values were:	Bacon #7,291,285,
oliber grain, 1,883,114 bushels ; other pams #749,493, pork #.>2,lu2, lard $19,-breadstuffs, 58,300,242 lbs.	ty. p'vel #,*>4,2.52, mutton #8,088; canned
meats, #>35,i 5.>, other meats #887,486.
Canada last year exported *9,360,9:0 „i,:. eggs, valued at #1,-.55,304, 11,253;<87 pounds butter, valued at #2.016,680, and Jn 1877 England annexed the Trans- 19 i,703,823 pounds cbeeee, valued at
$. i ,.>72,103	I
Great Britain last year imporled 12,921 horses, of which 0,359 went from Canada ; 5 9,066 caille, of which 0 ,106
#41, stuDions #283, working oxen #12, milch vows, #26.13, store cattle #23.89,
vessels. A similar proposition was made by the Government of Ontario
hogs over one year #11.40, hogs under one year, #3.07, turkeys 04c, geese 50o,
i
lu 1698 Canada exported 1,014,420
1 founds of raw wool, valued at $177,1.54. The wool clip in Ontario last
So she and her husband, and the
usual intelligence and education and
a graduate of Johns Hopkins Univer- du&> vx hivh she had named 'Jim,' as a
sity, has spent the last few months compliment to her liege, started on
travelling through the different cat-1 their	ha,d journey They got
along quite as well ;i>, or belter lhau,
TH E 0RDE1MN-C0UNCIL
The Order-in-Council sets forth:— That in the interests of our rela-
ln Manitoba Inst year there were
101,830 horsos, 227,097 cattle, 32,053
tie-raising states. He haa been sent as a special* commissioner ot the Japanese Department of Agriculture, Commerce, and Industry.
THE FIRST INDICATIONS.
Mr. Ni tube, in regard to the prob-
Cannda hint year exported 14,849 horses valued at #1,497,444, 213,010 cat-the valued at #8,723,292, 351,789 sheep valued at #1,272,077. Of the cattle, 122,106, valued at #7,403,990, went to Great Britain and 87,905, valued at #1,-Uf 239,448, went to the United States. Ol
interest in nickel ores of the u tig ran t-
weut to Great Britain and 270,200, val-
i
ODDS AND ENDS
do
vaal and evacuated it in 1881.
Boer bread, butter and tea, or cof-
ut
13!),039	tons hay, ot
SIZE OF CANADA.
Canada lacks only 237,000 square miles to be as large as the whole Continent of Europe. It is nearly 30times as large as Great Britain and Ireland, and is 300,000 square miles larger than the United States.
y
I11S BENEFACTOR
wouldn't say so. lie's the gander!
ONE WAY OF GETTING IT
The only trouble with Plimmer is he lacks push.
Well, he's overcoming that? now. I've seen him out with the baby carriage several times lately.
Every old maid has at least one * he | consolation.
And what's that, pray If She has helped some man to enjoy single blessedness.
PROFITABLE SILENCE
1 think that husbands ought to pay th-ir wives a weekly salary, declared
Mrs. Tomdik.	I hear that you are calling on Miss
About how much? asked Mrs. Ho jack. Perkleigh pretty regularly.
Well, say $10 a week.	Yes.
I used to think so, too, until Idiscov- Thought you used to say the only •r»d that my husband pays about |8,X) thing she could do with any success a year for my millinery and cloths was sit and giggle at nothing, alone, and then 1 decided that any I know it. She's still that way. Keeps salary 1 would like to ask	for so busy at it that she never has time
wouldn't go very far.	|to play or sing rag-time songs
HER PLEASING FAULT
CAUTIOUSLY.
SUBLIME FAITH.	I Slipping the ring on her finger,—
:&M,i™ - -	- -
FOR MERCY’S SAKE.
Mv father collared the
Doing what!
Why, running on errand* of Mercy



###PAGE###7###


MILLIONS WILL BE SPENT
THE TDGELA. A SHALLOW RIVER
; e€<666«***-'-6*'$><S«6eC<3€€<^«
1 he Mvstery of No. 13.
/
<1
FOR DIVERTING GRAIN TO THE CANADIAN ROUTE.
A
Si Fa
PLANS

58
V,


< o»ll»K *4,500,00# M»d »
4'oMNiruclfd —l*«r4 C«»l


ahtrpfi and tenements wore poor and
ttlt'HU.
O i ico
m
filrvntar»
IIClUMCfl 1» •** borne Another BiittnlOe
The plans originated by a syndicat1
and Canadian capitalist#


s*
more she glanced awiftly CHAPTER VI.	round, then stopped at the door of a
«sa sTKf-si ss elf:;::::1::
s3frB oasr
mother.
"lie has gone Daffy.”



tr
of American
which provide for the const ruction of
lev.it«»rM at Montreal* Qa*

x.
rv

4Mto

huge gi am
and Port Colborne, and the construction of a fleet of steel vessels ts
from the upp**r lakes t#
Kf
t05
rr

Vl1’*
/
sfl
*

-V

ji*

«


ass’:
-
transport gram the Canadian seaboard, are now prao tie-ally complete, and in fact well unde? way. The elevators are to be o# steel, and home of them will have a capacity o. 310Ü CÜ) bu bids. 'J'h- ir construction
total outlay of ^4,04X1,000,
rags
' A*
"This 111 tie boy's shoo pinches him,*
un id Host
3#aî!




will you see if you can nmke it more comfortable i” huffy’s mother wished to keep him a child as long as possible, so he still wore petticouts— whito, fresh, worked pelticoats, that looked out of place in the broken chair, upon which the cobbler sal him, before kneeling down to remove his tiny shoe.
Rose stood looking carelessly about her, her glance presently falling on the dark unkempt head and prof'le of the man who worked doggedly on, not even taking the trouble to notice the smart bit of French prettiness, exquisitely neat and dainty, behind him.
¦***' -xi**. »it •cJisZZ
tZtJ^•,.-	* ——.r-
sufe
her
\
k «R
>¦ n
involves a
r acla are being awarded lor * hi of a licet of a dozen grain-
r+

SW»
con*t mol ion
carriers, and these are to he ready by the fall of 1901, su that* they” ma y take part in that season’s operations. Each of these vessels will cost from $150,001 to *200,000, and in dimensions will ho 250 by 13 feet. It is understood that the Bertram Shipbuilding Company ol
the con-of the
business
C^feS?
ou—on
/
said Daffy, only half •mliktieil,
Eor\Dnt°UI'ÂaerTnder^g awhile* be
¦aid :	.	...
•'Hurry gone away, too»
•'Yus,” «aid Eluabeth
bor band to her throat m if »ome
thing choked her.
hide her ey.-a—«he could not answer
r~<
Ul

I
mu
mm
-A
M
putting up
'Tl 'a (lorn now,” said Daffy, with a nigh of relief, us, after certain punch-
i be now easy
shoe was fitted on, and he followed	This picture of oxen fording the Tugela shows that even though the bridge at Co! en so should be ues |
"%%h%hld i»ZSbi°dlrawnTh» troyed, the British troops can easily cross that stream to relieve Ladysmith____ reminder, some will be built b, tb«
cobbler.	mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmahmmmmmmmmmm—mmm—m—^m—m—mimtmm—mmmmmmmmmmm—mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm——rn—rnimmm—m—m	(_'ol ling W OOd S lii pi < lli I < 11 II g CoLUpaD/f
ssisêsi HeS	BSiB	"'=H”	i®ü	Pï§?iü
_1 used to call it tun.	skylights a ml what not-t bough no	for Hose did not love kirn-be knew	  rather thi^n davs	Uitire-
8l.e bad forgotten bow good Harry on„ has used that attic these ten years	that in the core of his heart, though	wmr m„. H. r..re in ibr World1. Hl.lory	°"n laniL	_ Weel£d,	rattier tnan a ys,
bad used to be to her boy; . .	• l,ow —he seemed to get the affair on his	she was kind to him enough—and ho	i|«. Hark L.rae Army Keen srni so	J ,V	K
iSÜSüsüà	-TEEZizr..................zzL,
uayuiu his prayers, aud Barry listen- 8f*-(*oh ho disappeared back into the bed, for she could run about and play conflict in South Africa.	nearly as large aa England, sparsely 1	, lh eye[1 a dc,/en tileamers will
Lni reverently.	shop.	'	Indoors with him. but she always put probably only once before in the settled, to be sure, but with many na-
at'icrüc'A kk CHt—v„ &t," -"y -- -* ¦ '“«• -™fI ruær isysyss • s, »l‘r„ : zu.. a,..,,
fd out pity for the man to w horn she	"You must not talk to that common been s»*nt so fai on a war or conques , -n hia n.ar must be strongly garrison- panadian waterways, and the view uti
bid been so merciless, whom she had "She wiled him into ue chamber, man, Master Daffy,” said liose, as they involving a plunge of several hundred e(, lertl bi8 tine of communication wiih	imnou who have engaged il
is	5^5^55 Si F-FF
vv h cli he had been dishonored.	It was curious how often Daffy sshoo right, it would have brought them in Mutiny, when she bent about .A, o furcy	be aL lt.adL doubled.	i
Soon the little busy feet were stump- wanted mending, and many si xi*-lires less than a minute to the door of No. men around the Cape of Good Hope More than two hundred miles to the	luIls involving,
inif up si airs again, this time to the were spent in repairs at the cobbler's 13, and Daffy objected to this round- tQ save btir em,,:ro in the East.	' northeast, along the line of the only 1 J	’
drawing-room, where, in a hidden round the corner.	about way of going home, and once	distance is easily the railway, must the British invaders as they do, an immense outlay. U
cornel known only to himself, Daffy j uut the old man who sat nose and tried to explain to his mother that ih ll	I then move before the frontier of the Given, the grain-carrying trade vvhicl
had left	an	“iugiu” that	was iuestim-	knees	over	his	bench, going	doggedly	Hose	brought	hi in "miles	an*	miles	most important one in bir ft*, a	«*	Transvaal is reached. Johannesburg,	uuw guea	by	the	Buffalo and Erie Cana
ablv dear	to	bis faithful	heart.	on	at	work	that seemed	always inter-	out	of	the	way.	But	Elizabeth did	Buller’s campaign. Practically	his	( lfae commercial capital of th? Kepub-	tanadiar
=5&"----------------------
llu. cum nu awtty he missed some- I tertives on the privacy of bis skylight, been wrung from him that he would Port Elizabeth, Port Alfred and East equa, distance away, and the railway	lakes aua.gut through te
fSJ’SfuHed *	°r rather on the attic beneath it, and not plead "Guilty.	London, or even port at Durban, it will have been made impassable by	^ u Ua0Uieapped th*
ôureelvee I"	“Yard," dressed up to look like gen- blood ebbing from his heart, and leav- were, from Cape Town, the politi- the hostile territory into which an	draught coual iu those which ai*
°	........ -L—el	Cüeat?rrT'	ï*Hre“Z,r0ed‘ could not be overcome, and even with ;	STORY FROM THE WAR.	is tranahipped from
ed what she had done, and me.isu the railway they constitute a huge	_ and albo at JlunUeal has ixen seveieiy
'‘Z**—-ans HE-ï-m................................................................SSSH'S
though a bloody one, of the war. Ike A nursing sister in the military bos- erecLed at Monvreai, Quebec and Port more serious and decisive combats will	f>jtaj a1 Ladysmith in the course of	Colborne
come when General Duller hurls	his	* let(er t(j an ex„Lord Mayor of Lon-	dealined to play	a uiosi impoilaui part
WU.	C'.u.ui.u ..... .....
toria. This is the well defined plan Elandslaagte was a mighty success, lbaL	joes to the route via the
of the British commander, according but at what cost l All night Satur-	t’anal.
to trustworthy reports, and is not . the wounded streamed in, and all
d., S.„d„. XV. ... Md ,U it.
Ladysmith.	beds filled, but the wounded were ly-
received
tract for building six
*it earners.
rocking
Of thf
new
ibe shipyards at Three lliveri
him
TUE FALL OF 1!M>L is the outside date for the completion
It is hoped, however
to have two or three ready for opérait is not con aid,
the immense
sibie by lire deepening oi the St. LaWi
uepLu ol
Hitherto the fact that
renoc Canals to a unuurrn
treasure
ui uansuipmenl
on
lug
gram-car neie
you, wiz no you lM
and down it like u chimpanzee t And it was an insult, too, to ask him
, ..	.	, , „ , if he ever went out in the evening to
and led his dancing steps fetch a drop Gf beer—couldn’t a man
*	who had lived forty years in one house
the upper iaaefl
and see the white mouse
Lome
she tiduxi, -— —--------—
down stairs to the dining-rooingg W1W ua„	,___________________
The "Fink ’un," was glad to see his	| do ag he lik(,d y Why, it	was interyoung master, and	did not bite nun	£erjIlg with the liberty of	the	British
with his tiny teeth, us he usually	oui	Bubjecti aIU]	a thing	by no means to
Elizabeth when she explored Ins	box	bg abided<	And as	to dragging up
with her forefinger. For awhile	sue	^ old man	like him	to give evidence
sal and watched the little animal	fro- ^by trial,	he didn’t	mean to go, un-
licking round Daffy’s small person— |ygg b6 were carried, and not to si>euk popping in and out	of his frills, and	tben ^ be didn't choose,
playing at hide and	seek in his curls—	^ wben Darffy came in	like	a sun-
having by no means that horror of beain bringing his prattle and smile m.co snared by most people, and sim- imo tbe dusty place, the cobbler seem-ply loving all animals great and ed tQ have put 8ome of his own wax in
small.	his ears, and neither saw nor heard
Then came bis dinner—for he had BJiyfthing. arrived early—and then he went 10 To be sure, Janin’s bench was behind sleep, and Elizabeth watched by him, bim antj lbat chattering Frenchwo-his dimpled hand held fast in hers. man somotimes dropped into her own lie would be almost entirely in her lingo wb.ch, of course, no one there care now, for she had thought it best ^a;d understand save herself, but the for his nurse to remain in the coun- Spences were certain, and he could try, and Rose had more than enough j not afford to turn money from the to do already, now that she was maid door And she was a good customer ; ami parlor-maid combined. ^	she ordered am many as four pairs of
Despair had lately made Elizabeth	boots and shoes for herself and
his prey, but the cloud was lifted now, Uaffy during the month that elapsed as she looked upon ihe dear little coin- between the commital of Jack St. pan ion all her own, whose happiness George and the day of the trial, boots h he entirely made and who must m fu- ; and sboes that were fitted, and tried lure make hers.	! on, or returned and called for, till
In her misery she had hardly dared j j^ffy began to grow jwile from the to think of this one priceless treasure amount of time he spent in the stuffy remaining to her, and now she hum- liltie place. Janin’s sombre eyes bly thanked God for it, and vowed resting on him, began to alter their
touch of this little hand expression strangely; so that one
day, w hen he was kneeling down, Daffy ventured to put his hand on the man’s swart head, and leave it there. "It’s very ’ot,' said Daffy, shaking his own, and the man, looking up from beneath the little hand, . _ breath, as if the angelic innocence of the blue eyes pierced his heart, and shaft of daylight into a pool of
the fiercest on Lit reille.
word. So now you know what such mad pleading means."
And Jack did know—he was b*'g into know of what stuff Elizabeth
occasion and—she will keep her
i’iie Iasi mentioned place is
and w ill bear liie same
mng
was made.
Mr. Latreille's mind was eased on that score, but he felt that though he did his b -at, that best v/ould be bad.
True, he had accumulated certain evidence, and had one trump card in his hand; but he knew well enough how serious was ihe weight of evidence
on me other side,, and Mr. Lemaire, From each of the three Cape Col-too reflected, not without, some a seer- ony ports, Fort Elizabeth, Fort Al-bity of spirit, that, if he failed, all the fred and East London, runs a line of world would be there to see.	railway northwesterly toward the
For was there not a chance that Free State frontier. By no line is the Mrs. St. George would appear in distance to the enemy's country Jess
court, and try to reassert those ex- than two hundred m les. -----
travugant self-accusations that were the troops be forwarded all or part
the punishment she chose to inflict on of the way by train, weeks will be cun- were several wounded Boers and it herself for her unlawful loves?	sumed in organizing them into col- wa9 really amusing to see large-beart-
She had been clever enough in the umus and gathering together all Hie ^ Tommy Atkins fraternizing with device of	getting her lover actually	horses, artillery, war material and	his enemy. There	was one	particular-
domiciled	under the same roof with	food indispensables for such a host. ^ s	^ touching little	scene.	A Gordon
her, fancy	a woman with those jewels	an army moves "on its belly, m Na-	Highlander had
finding it	necessary to take a lodger!	poleon’s phrase, and the Boer lepub-	pulaled a Boer	jn
but with	all her cleverness she had	lies will have scanty resources lor	^ bad his arm amputated
b-MTi found out.	either man or beast, the commissaiy	exactly ; be same place.	1 took charge
And if she appeared, then there	problem is a vital one.	Gf the latter when he	was brought
would be a scene, and the public loves Finally equipped and ready. Gen- from the theatre. When lie became
a scene, and while individually hum- eral Buller enters the enemy s coun- contiüjoug tbe two poor fellows eyed ane, collectively gloats over the ter- try. lie is not likely to cross the Ur- > eacti other silently until the good na-anguish, and guilt of a fellow- ange R.ver without a sharp.encounter, tured Tommy Atkins could stand it human soul. The attitude of a mob perhaps a severe engagement, w.tn no p^nger. 'Sister,’ be called, give or crowd toward any hunted thing the strenuous defenders ot the ree bim two cigarettes out of my box must convince the most hopeful among . State. All the bridges will have been r<dl him j 8ent ^em Here's a match us how much nearer we are in our at- desi royed, fords will be almost tmpass- Light one for him
tributes to the beasts than	the god,	able in the present suu len streams	• 1 took the cigarettes and the mes-
and for one who will stand	forth to	and a pontoon bridge will be hard to	9ag* The Boer turned	and looked in
champion the defenceless, there will maintain.	amazement. Then he was overcome,
st4ls,v ssLUrsa % sst
But neither friend nor foe knew what ward toward Bloemfontein, the capi- wag on the point of joining them, but
atssi: "°-3IE*...» „
w„	HSfiwY" i/tb. ™i, ü„. j tûêii?’.™,r" """ ”*"
FORT CULBOikNE
will be Lh-e point wuero grain, destined
for Montreal or Quebec will be Hams-
feired from the huge vessels navigating about the fl<»or as thickly as we Lbe
could put them We could only just freighters. Port Coluoiue has a harbor step between them to administer to well adapted by nature lor the an-
meo.“ MSS
borne had been lying lul 04 1U	cure the Government nave determined
the wei ground, ihey told sad tales ot n llje coudtrUcuou ol' a large Buffering, hut there were no com- b^ul,waler piers ana olber wo,ks. plaints or murmurings. fheir bravery j The erecuon o£ lba big eieVator con-and endurance were marvellous, lnere
POUTS FAR APART
lakes to the Cr»nal
Whether
teinplated by the syndicale releired to will complete the facilities needed.
The leading member of the syndicate is Mr. Lonuurs, proprietor of The Buffalo Courier. That gentleman * largely iniereated in the grain-handP ing trade at Buffalo, but, in commun in with others in the same business, hag suffered considerable loss and had hig patience sorely tried by vexations occurrences, such as the strike of» grain-haunters, which paralyzed the movement of grain at Buffalo for a considerable time, last summer. Mr. Connor# ! has come to the conclusion that the Canadian is the cheapest carrying route for western grain, and has given a practical evidence of his views by actively associating himself with the pre* sent enterprise. Many of the Buffalo forwarders, while conceding the superiorly of the Canadian route, havg cl timed that it could only be n: ade profita», le by the vessels employed bringing i ei urn packages from the seaboard. This point has not been overlooked in the plans of Mr. Connors and his Canadian associates, and such arrangements are being made as will insure for the fleet of grain-carriers an ample trade in commodities intended for the in ei ior Large r« ceivii g and lot warding warehouse at Toronto and cheap season of navigation are included in the freight ra'os from the east during the plans.
am
His arm
next
the
that the	,	_
should hold her back from falling into
such hopeless abysses again.
When Daffy awoke he expressed himself ready to go out for a walk, ami when dressed called upon Ruse to fetch h s mother's hat "Not to-day, lovey,” she said^l ther’s tired. Rose will go with you.”
l>affy hung his head, bitterly uis-appointed. But all his litile life he had thought of hie mother before himself, and now he did not urge his own claim, but, with a loving air of protection, led her to a sofa where be made her lie down, and having stuffed every pillow in the room under her head, and carefully covered her feet • with a large antimacassar, ami softly kissed the top of her nose, he went a w ay on tiptoe with Rose, keeping up an appearance of cheerfulness to the last. Elizabeth lay listening to the little hushed steps as they went out of the door, and in fancy she passed with them up the street. Would every one who met him look coldly on the child for his mother’s and father a sake ? Was that little golden head to be bowed with shame already fur a
sin that was not his P"
But if such glances fell, Daffy did not know it. .. He had not gone far when he stopped, puckering up ,|!H nose and brows. "Got a pain in my •hoe,” he maid, "take it out forme I Rose looked softly round. Only ordinary dawdlers and passers-by were to be seen at the corner of a street that led at right angles to the house at the back of No. 13. "We will go to the shoemaker and have it taken out. she said, and he trotted along, well satisfied, beside her, down a small ece of street, across some mews, and
alley, where the few
roi
held his
mo
a ¦¦¦¦ J
blackness and despair.	-
"Ii aches, little master,” he said. "Like mother’s,” said the child, with quivering lips; "she’s always got a drefful pain here”—he pressed his hand down in the centre of Janin’s ebony locks, "and it won't let her
sleep—not never.”
Janin did not stir as |	I
thare. one palm pressed on the floor, the other still holding the half-fitted
shoe on the child’s fuyf.
"And I gets a paiiTToo, sometimes,
said Daffy, sorrowfully, "can’t bear to mother miserbul, and Daddy never comes ’ome.”	_	,	.	.
The tears rolled down Daffy s cheeks, and bis heart heaved beneath his white worked pelisse as If it would burst.
Janin put up his grimy hand as if he would brush the tears away; then with something like a groan, he bowed his head lower over the shoe and drew it on, beginning to fasten its tiny laces with trembling hands.
Rose had looked on, pallid and fierce during the little interlude, and now she said something swiftly» to him In French, which he seemed neither to
hear nor heed.
Meanwhile Daffy, who was a brave little person, «wallowed his tears, and bad quite composed himself whs a Rose took bis hand to lead him away.
•Good-by. Janin." he eald. turning to nod hie golden he#, ae he wen*
he kneeled
see

mm
z


FURTHER EVIDENCE.
There is something, after all, in the idea of opals being unlucky.
What new light have you had on it I Young Hankinsun has a fine opal ring
he proposed to Miss Garlinghorn And she refused him 9	j
No. She accepted h
-


V
Z
Z/y

!
/
nr j
He was wearing it the evening
/
J
FOUNDATIONS FOR ROMANCE.
It will be discovered that the on If
foundation for the usual talk of %
"romance" in a woman's life is that she sits and looks out of ‘he window into the dark night whes. she should be darning stockings.
in
MILITARY SHEDS AT LADYSMITH.
fnto a narrow





###PAGE###8###
*
King, j

Ky The Shaw ville Marble and Granite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superior class of work in Mol* umenta, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
XMAS 1899
••	•• e *	# #
Tea Meeting, Heaps of Good Things
ELLIOTT’S HALL,	_ A. _	°
SHAWVILLB,	0i' ® Boys and C,rls at*
Kash is

The Triumph of Cetyus.
< )ooooooooooOooooooooooO MY TKHMS
O
O
O
O
On** hundred y ears ago the thrift v hou»e-x. ift‘ washed, sorted, combed and carded thv wool she first spun and then wove into a coarse fabric, devoid of pattern or design the “ homespun of our grntidsires. To. ty every proves* in the manufacture of
tweeds reveals the marvellous progress of the century, not only in inventive and mechanical skill, hut In the pleasing nml artistic blending of harmonious colors, until the superb design.-, we are proud to place before you for the fall and winter season are in truth the Triumph of Genius.
To-day the power of ready money is thv most patent factor in every line of trade. There is no greater price maker than Spot t ash, and there is no place where it will do more in t he line of making you look plea Nint than at a. r. in guile's, thaw \ tile's
leading merchant tailor. Our stylish suits,
t might forward, tradewinning methods are Tut: Tim urn of G KM i s.
o
o
Y III
o
o
o
(>
o STRICTLY CASH
o

?
1
o
o

L
Monday •Evening,

t )ooooooooooqoooooooooo( )
Iî) adhering closely to this rule it enabl me to do watch anti clock repairing, and sell everything in mv line at
SANTA CLAUS’
JANUARY 1st, 1900.
ROCK BOTTOM PRICES.
U
nie Congregation of St. Paul's Church as usual, hold their Xmmal Ten
January
will
.Meeting on New Year Night
1st, two.
HEADQUARTERS, K
SHAWVILLE.
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
Oup goods apo guaranteed a $’3 worth for a $ every time........

An appropriate nml entertaining Pro gramme composed of Select Music. Short
TYa served during intermission.
Doors open at 7.(4 ; Clmir taken at 7 o’clock, p. in.
our t>rn
oui
Headings,&c. will lie provided
GOODWYN
Read our List of Presents for Everybody : ........
--The Watchmaker-ARNPRIOR......ONT.
VOMISSION :
Children l
V
( i:\

All Welcome !
.vs* la;:" s-ms, Family Little doiis,
laSSB-DslliSpEsl	”°n-
One vs “ Famous Men and Great ‘lons. Only #i.5o. Knormous uemnnil. Rig	47	9
hvonts of thv Xinetvvnth Cvntm.v. 1 itivilm,.. ‘Tr'ittAimlk. TiV- nuMlhmm Com- Methodist Hymnals,
tsrva? Rattles: great men; great mvcn- pany» 3rd butor Cuxton Rldg .Chicago.	*	'
tions ami discoveries; » j.regress of '	_	'	--- Prcsbvtcrian “
nattons; every great event of the Ce a- I	TpnriphQ	fni-	Wfinit	r‘ Ubuyicrtan
tury. If you have a slow selling book	I CllUOf O	TUl	TfOuUe	PriVo "Ri-irtTro
or engaged in other Agency business, I	- -l	.DOOKS,
you lose money to continue. Here is I	Jor woo<* w ill he received up rn n 1
the best opportunity for making money V!L *>l !' V* ,)#vt"t!nihvr'1 Vle U is lo ,>v Oy -BOOKS
Mire.	lenders w ill lie received separately. Low- A
Bradley Garretxon Co. Limited, vsl or »»y tender not necessarily âcccnte<L AloUIUS.
Brantford, Ont.	T,I()S* K* ARMSTRONG, '	1
Secretary
Mouth Organs, Work Baskets,
OTTAWAiGATINEAUM. A HINT
*
Jack-in-the-Box,
Rattles,
ABC Blocks, Games,
Photo Frames, Checker Boards, Iron Toys,
Trumpets,
Drawing Slates.
Paints,
CHANGE OF TIME.
summer time card as below will take effect May 15th. 1809.
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa......5.20 p m
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa....O tO a in
No.3 Train Leave Ottawa.....8.00 a.in
No. 4 Train Arrive Ottawa .....A45 p.m
No. 5 Train Leave Ottawa.......1.30 p m
No. 6 Train Arrive Ottawa.........8.15	p.m.
No. T Train Leave Ottawa.........9.8<>	n.m.
No. 8 Train Arrive Ottawa.........7.8s	p.m
Nos. 1 and 2, daily except Surnlav.
S ti ml ay3 AIld 4 daily except Saturday and
Nos 5 and 6 Saturday only.
Nos. 7 and 8 Sunday only.
For tickets and further information apply to E. <\ Arno di, Ticket Agent. (h Spark St., or 31 Central Chambers. Ottawa.
P. XV. HESSE MAN, Gen’l Sup’t.
0 tlis Wise !
XVE SELL WHAT EVERYONE WANTS
Shell Boxes, Jewel Cases, Celluloid Boxes,
The Cheapest, Best and Most Reliable STOVE in town.
)
Work Boxes.
X Large Stock of
Toy Watches, Candies, &c.
China Cups and Saucers,
Fancy Lamps, Shaving IVjugs,
Salts and Peppers, &c.
Tin and Agateware
.»0 pieces at Mrs. J • Doherty's roar vf
lot 5, range 10.
44 Patrick M ui doc h a shop,
“ W.iLtiÂîf ra"g0	I Tenders «ill be received, addressed to
Uetrati»d.	UP	15th <lnv of
Jos. Fitzsimmons	DLL EMBKH, next, for the delivery at the
John Storey's.	Academy of thirty-five cords of green
44 Elineide.	Hnnlwood (Maple, Birch or Beech) and
“si,c„„.r.	!»,r» sr'ir ttsv1» t
or	the above named cedars to	bs	18	,e,|tfth mid to he split tine. Delivery in
feet long	and not leas than 9 inches	in	|ilu,lth uf January. Payment when "do-
diameter at the small end; 25 pieces to be ! 4Vcrv<,e left at John Storey’s, to be not less than
12 inches in diameter at the small end —_________________ __ __________	__	________
Tenders for Wood Merry Christinas to All I
office not later than December 30, 1809, !	XfLf ft MTCni
and cedars to be delivered nut later than 1	^ I CL
the first of March, next.
It is reported that the Canadian con-1 Moved by ooun. Russett, seconded by tingent of 1,000 men are composed of COO, °.0UD Kelly, and resolved, that the C English church men, 300 Presbyterians, c** adjourn.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway 60 Roman Catholics and 50 of the various I	^ * McKechnie,
( Aylmer.	Protestant denominations.	|	Stc.-Treasurer. May
Wood Tenders.
PoBliac Pacific Jaaclioa Ef
50 4'
Always on hand
, Also a small Stock of
50 14 60 “
Christmas Toys
Official Time Table :
co
4 4
for Children
PM
50 “
AM
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tit reck en ridge t Hard ley Parker's Crossing
t* Mohrs Qu.von Wyman’s ?Tank Bristol McKee’s Shaw ville Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank Î Vinton Coulonge "Mellon's Waltham
•Flag Station. tTauk. t'Flag Station
Arrive 9 45
50 "
HIGHEST PRICE PAID
Full line of Xmas Groceries I
6 0.)
9.21
6.12
9.06
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts aiul Cowhides.
6.18
• •
8.58
6 26
*6
8.53
8.40
8.22
Peels, Prunes, Raisins, Nuts, Pulv. Sugars, &c.
6.37
64
Shawville, Nev. ?7. ttîw'°* ^ ^
6.47
DALE BROS., SHAWVILLE.
6.56
« «
8.14
6.58
8.08
7.04
»«
8 02
7.26
T M ,3* S.—Call and inspect our stock before purchasing
7.45
8.00
7. IS
E. HODCINS & SON.
8 03
7.10
8.12
44
7.06
8.30
44
6.54
Tenders will Ito received by the under signed up to the 2nd day of January, 19tio for Sixty cords of good, sound Yellow Birch and Maple Stove wood, to l»e delivered Within the corporation of Shawville by March 1st, ItKHl. None of the wood to he less than 2U inches in length and to be compactly piled to a uniform height of four feet.
Tenders also required up to the same date for the delivery of Thirty cords of maple and birch cord wood, to he cut out of large green timber.
Cash on fulfilment of contracts......
lowest or any tender not necessarily ac cepted.
C1	XT n GEORGE CATER.
Shawville, Nov. 21. 1809.
8.47
6 89
8^5 Arrive
Leave 6.80
A. SMILEY
>UII
w. n. Litas,
¦or uru-iertn
9
P. w R ESSE MAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
SHAWVILLE,- -QUE.,
Desires to thank his customers for the liberal
patronage they have given him during the past
year, and specially calls attention to the fact that he has
A Beautiful Show of Cutters-^*
ready for the first snow. Call and see them. THE IMPROVED HINGED D/\SH aq important feature.
P. S.—Root Pulpers and Grain Grinders.
Shawville Council
Bristol Council
Minutes cf regular session of the Mu- | .Minutes of a regular session of the Municipal Council of the township of Bris-1 "icipal Council of the Municipality of toi, held in the Town Hall on Monday, Shawville, held on Monday, the 4th day the fourth day of December, 1899. of December, 1899 Present, Councillors Smiley, Uender	Present—Councillors— J. A. Cowan, J.
son, Kelly, Russett, Lucas and Morris. D Shaw, A. Smiley and Donald McRae.
Moved by coun. Morris, seconded by , Moved by conn. Shaw, sec. by coun} coun. Kelly, and resolved, that coun. ^ owan, that coun. McRae do occupy the Lucas occupy the chair in the absence of cba*r•—Carried.
the mayor.	Moved by coun. Donaldson, sec. b
Minutes of last session read.	Coun. Smiley, that minutes of last
Moved by coun. Henderson, seconded big be adopted. — Carried, by coun. Smiley, and resolved, that the ,, Moved by coun. Smiley, sec. by coun. minutes as read bo adopted.	Shaw, that Win. Henry Hodgins be paid
A petition signed by John Lucas, ask- tjlc «mount, of his bill, $12.87. Also , T>	...	, _	. r
ing that the fences and other obstructions : 1 bat the bills of C. McCagg, R. Elliott J !'î Mulligan; Louisa Luimnis; 3 be removed off the sideline road between a.n,(* David Wilson, be left over until ccr- tiVa *. Attendance.-—1, Mary Tub north east halves of lots two and three,	titled to by the proper person, in accor-	!	Maggie liihman, Birdie Judd, M.
range eight, and the road opened up, was	M ilice with a resolution of this Council._:	Judd	«and	tame Hamilton, equal; 2, Her
tV ci- ! laid before the board.	Carried.	, nice Dale and.Mary A. Stewart, equal
Moved by coun. Morris, seconded by Moved by coun. Cowan, sec. by conn.	or ville, S. Somerville, E. Tub
coun. Henderson, and resolved, that the	Donaldson, that a list of the lands in nr-	m,m\	,	Mulligan and J. Stephens,
partita whose fences encroach upon the rears of taxes lie sent to the county sec- n!\,U.V	A. Somerville; 2, B
iabovo named eideline road be notified to	fetnry on or before the 20th December,	,	.	Punctuality.—
Pullman parlor car at- , have them removed by liist of May, inst. —Carried.	y iordie Judd, Maggie Judd and M.
,_.nl	, r	nex\	Moved by coun. Shaw, sec. by coun. i'l Gnvnrt, equal; 2, Kernico Dale, Mary
• an<l ititmiiediun‘<i»ts.h 1 Moved by coun. Smiley, seconded by Smiley, that we do now adjourn.—Car- ' ,u,'‘V1 ' a^fc Dibmun, equal; 3 Limited-Stops Alvxan- ooun. Ruseett, and resolved, that John j riV(^	;• onn Stephens. Special Mention in Hy
M mi, ,v a ]	’ ji! * nu “ Pu Hm ait Up îr] nr ! Cooney's account of *1.<J5 for bolts for'	J. R. Horner, pcne.~l. Mary Craiÿ; 2, Carrie Harnil
i* rMami u ,.rc<,nn®et8ll with i'	Quebec, i t,bjyon bridge, and $3 95 for cedars fori	Sec.-Treasurer	’ ’
tarsstirs ïr™;-. i nin*h °°rriou ,m,d- ,,,
rcii?f lbver, St. Albans, Burlington, etc. Arriving Moved by coun. Morris, seconded by
Wagrnr sleeplng^ar, Ottawa "to New* York*8 throu8h ! *>'dn- Henderson and resolved, that the it	P Yf Local-stops at intermedi- Council adjoum for one hour.
1 •"1| ate stations. Arrive Mon- Meeting resumed—coun. Morris retired
. ..conded
Trains arrive st Ottawa Central Depot	| by coun. Kelly, and resolved, that the
Si I >. | 0 NOON ^mite<1 - fr°m | river, on lot sixteen to the second
ea«*t, leaving there at 9 40 a.m; Stops at*'Alexandria Ces**on bne* Parl,y on lots sixteen, sever.
<myX i ta ». r u ! hmin i >ar i or ear	teen and eighteen, range one, was laid be
ft !>•»{#> f # Jyf . fcaving^-!?°ln,Montreal I before the board
st Alexandria only. Has Pullman parlorVar!’ St"la I Moved hy coun. Henderson, seconded I Grade III, sr.—1, Willie Davis; 2,
1 o P.M, mîdiaîo frr" intT !	coun* Rui»ctt, and resolved, that said ' Henry Argue; 3, Harold Wilson; 4, K^th-	No. 3, Thorne West.
Kingston, Toronto and points west. Has Pulhnan ' ProCtt8 verbal be and is hereby homolo- le<*n Wilson; 5, Pearl Burroughs. Grade Grade IV.—1, Anna Elliott, honors in p*r ’ al*	gated.	Ill, jr.—1, Henry Argue; 2, Pearl ge<'g., «pelting, sacred history, grammar
Moved by coun. Russett, seconded by Howe*; 3, Harry Howe»; 4, Htratn Smi- hygiene and French ; 2. Lorena Barber coun. Kelly, and resolved, that the fol 'ey; 5, Violet Horner.	honors in Canadian history and hygiene
lowing land be forwarded to the County j Grado II, ar.—1, Bernice Wainman; 2, 1» Herman Wilson, honors in sacred his f mA	i.T ¦ m l______
secretary to be sold for unpaid taxes ;	| Dearl Wilson; 3, Percy Beckett.	tory, French, grammar and Hygiene; 4, { * U i ^ ANi JD Hi Q- J0U YERS
E. Smith, Teacher. Garfield Hodgins, honors in geography
and Canadian history. Grade 111.—1,
Jessie Hodgins, honors in sacred history,
.. i 1	(.'T<b'H hmari .. Clarence Sniarf; Canadien lu.tnry, «acred history «
•'¦'i
» | *£ Mû ‘KS-iJSri-i; | sSX&r •• H"b"
5 I Smart ; 3, Bella Stark; 4, Ruby Maitland Primer I —-1, Mary Crick; 2, Edna Stalk;
3, Lila Maitland; 4, Laura Leitch.
Flo. Currie, Teacher.
Tlu
TIME CARD
IN EFFECT NOV. 13, 1699.
EASTERN DIVISION.

2, Maggie Me Leary; 3, Arthur Somer ville
Grade III, jr.—J. Came Hamil ton; 2, Alfred Mulligan; 3, Howard Lum j mis* Grade II.—1, Mary Tubman; 2. Celia Maxwell; 3, Silas Somerville. Pri mer IL-J, Maggie Judd; 2, Bernice Dale; 3, Maggie Tubman
meet
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
limited TRAINS 2 1
Grade
HOURS.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
Local -st'ips at all iu tmm-liate a.Unions. Ar Valley lb III, eounee
tt-uu Jet. for Cornwall and points w«*st.
a 8.45 A.M. ^ ^ M
Oil L> a m. Pullman parlor car nttnehf«|
b 8.45 A.M. .............
0OMB AND SEE US
ç Pontiac’s Greatest <- Furniture Store !
a (>.10 A. 31,
Montreal 9.50 a. i
xan
Arrives
Moutr
t
t
at
liât
t
Arrives Montreal 11 tavhed.
an a. m
1
a 9.40 A.3f a 4.20 P.M
i
i

1
atta.hed

Car-load of Goods just added to our . • . Extensive Stock. . . .
y
\li< r Smiley, Teacher
a
HONOR ROLLS FOR NOV
EMBER.
Clarendon, No. 13
C
Grade IV.—1, May Ho bin; 2, Sarah Smith; 3, Laura llobin; 4, Lena Liugh-ren and Annie Hamilton, equal. Grade
cSg&iaa 5 pSSSS
—1, Emily Hnrnor; 2, Georgina Murphy; •I, Roland Lihott and C'larenco Jones, equal.
o
Model Dep't
n
tl
Come where you have the advantage of selecting from a big, wide ranging
and well-assorted display.
b

?
m
Elegant Parlor, Dining and Bedroom Suites,
Spring Mattresses—all the different makes,
Fibre Mattresses,
Chairs
con-
M. E. MacGregor, Teacher
I"
Sr Elementary Dep t
tr
J. G. Stevens, teacher
lu
da
te
endless variety, ranging in style from the most beautifully finished to the plainest kitchen article.
an
ch
Middle & Western Divisions.
(Daily, exc ept Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot ;
Tt
E
co

by
N. E. A, 18, Rmge A.
“ “ 21 and 22, Range A.
N. XV. A of the N. E A 10, Range 2 N. E. A”of 26,
S W 11 23 and” 24,
We offer n word of advice
I P	P P	| Excry thing entering into the manufacture of Fur-
niture is advancing in cost, and consequently the price of the finished article must go up. I he advantage of buying at once is therefore obvious. Our prices have been graded to suit the conditions of trade and at the same time shaved down to
the lowest reasonable figure, as an inspection of our mammoth stock will vince.
eat
Clarendon, No. 3
£-,E surmra*
I t
of 3,
4 4
;
44
coil
bei
iT^oaT0'^1 depot
and
27
From Pembroke. Fgan-• ville, Renfrew, Arnprior
qu
N. E. A and S. N. E f 12 and N. E A 14.... N. E A 5....
t
and intermediate points
reg
wil
E i 13
UNDERTAKING.
4 S
5
5. «2 p.M
From Parry Sound, Pe,n • l'nikf*, EginviUe Arnpnor an<l intermediate point*,!
4 4
the
Renfrew
14
wh
This Branch of our busln
Flo. Currie, Teacher
Is fully equipped In every particular, and nil calls receive our most careful and prompt attention.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
H	Moved by coun. Kelly, seconded by
Cental Dent Russell Reese BlncL
are
her
. iBBHfe'Exfl CUTHBBRTSON & GRAHAM,
o—iv.-i cL%,	Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
Grade III, ar. 1, Birdie Add; ernment.	J MAIN STREET, - - SHAWVILLE, QUE,
at the following places during the ensuing winter ;
• Tralee run deily except Sunday 4 Sunday only.
Judd
Oh
m
U8U

In
a.
(
r.
