###PAGE###1###
x). /3i »	S f
4
Voi. XVI, No. ‘21
SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q., THURSDAY, NOV. 17, 1898.
_ SUBSCRIPTION
f One Dollar a Year lu ad
“THE EQUITY”
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &o.,
169 Main Street,
ty Look up Photographer Green'd local on this page.
Have you tried Dowd s “High Loaf j Flour ?
Tho farmers around Tweed have been	ClarOüdon OOU&Cll*
liarrasned by parties killing their cattle	----
and stripping the hides from them.	Town Hall, Shawville, Nov. 7, 1898.—
----------- Regular session of the council held this
Dr. Raines Of Almonto Dead. d*y:	Members present,—Mr. Mayor
---	Thomas Piendergast; Councillors, James
Almonte, Nov. 15.—T. W. Raines died Hart, VV. C. McDowell this morning. Dr. Raines was Almonte's md VV. A. Hod gins leading dentist and one of its oldest and Minutes of last meeting read, most respected residents He was a native Moved by coun. VV. C. McDowell,
. the Tinted States, and. had served in onded by VV. A. Hudgins, that the
Head Office Ottawa Canada I Joh,n Lau&hren, M. P. P. for Nipie- the civil war, for his services in which he ut«8 of last meeting now read, be and (WoiUl ffiillv	nn\ si RAO non an iln# abandoned his seat rather than in receipt of a pension. He was hereby confirmed.—Carried.
Rest	^ P® P) ai i 25*000 00 I *ace the music of the election courts. twice mayor of Almonte and always took I Moved by coun. James Hart, seconded
........................ iSSSiJB E tegpri K l-jï^S-SE5
8t. Luke', hospital.	v ' . The,d®ce"ed 66 year, of age. | Camed
Neuralgia of the heart was the cause of I We have lately printed a complete set | death of Bailiffs’ Procès verbals, to which the General Manager. I attention of that portion of the legal fra (Local) Manager, ternity is respectfully called.
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
la issued from the oftice^uf. Publication, Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription, $100 per Annum.
Hulls
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Offlce-over O. F. Hodglns’ Store. Main St.
Overcoats for men and boys; finest stock in town.	J. H. Shaw.
Birth. —Conoly—at the Methodist Parsonage, Escott, Ont., on Nov. 7th, the wife of Rev. W. ,T. Conoly of a
, Alex. Workman
Advertising rates made known on application.
BANK OF OTTAWA
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parta of the country.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free ; but obituary II nea, or "poetry•• will be charged at the rate of 8 cents per line money toacoompany t he ma nuscrl pt 1 n every case.
sec
son
mm
are
board of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President George Hay, esq.,Vice-President
Court Shawville, Aucx- E«*
No. 870.	I	MvnrHY, Esq.
J. A. COWANt Publisher
Moved by coun. Alex. Workman, seconded by coun. W. C. McDowell, that Thomas Palmer be paid $3.75 for 3 days’ work with mad maker.—Carried.
John Matmrr, Bhq. David MacLaren, Hwj.
I.O.F

Teacher's Mcot.&g
—	| Moved by coun. W. A. H>dgitis, sec-
A meeting of the Pontiac Teachers' onded by coun. James tiart, that Win. Association was held in Shawville Acad- Palmer be paid $1 25 for plank used in emy on Saturday, Nov. 12th.	hie road division; also bill of D. Me Rea
A good number of teachers were pres- for repairs on 2 scrapers, $1.20.—Car-ent, considering the state of the roads. I ried.
The first real snow storm of the season, vMlS8 Valid nr, Principal of model school, Moved by. coun. W. C McDowell, sec-so far as this section is concerned, began Coulonge, sent an excellent paper on onded by Alex. Workman, that Alex, about noon on Thursday and continued opportunities, which was read by Elliott be paid for stumping on 2nd range till several inches of 44 the beautiful "had Mles Seifert.	under Peter Maitland, $3 —Carried,
fallen.	* discussion followed in which Rev’s The Municipal Council of Clarendon
a, ...	__ Naylor, Knox, Messrs, Douglas and will receive tenders for 300 cedars as fol.	,	“? Shawville Marble and Ganr- Hernan Armstrong took part	lows Delivered at the Town Hall,
and ©metal. i~;
- uments, Jidstones,etc. Prices reason- of Billerica, at the Provincial Convention I top end —Carried.
a e	held in Montreal in October, was read by I Moved by coun. James Hart, secondA colonization grant obtained through Mies MacGregor.	ed by coun. W. C. McDowell, that this
Mr. Gillies, M P P„ has lately been ex-	discussion which followed shewed Council do now adjourn to meet at 6, p.-
pended by Mr. James Kirwan, on the	that those present were in sympathy	with	M. of	Monday the 14th,	instant
The Raymond Sewing	Machine	equals	road forming the eastern approach to the	the ideas expressed by Miss Edey.	tried,
any in the market. For sale by A. Smiley Quyon village.	The meeting was brought to a close, by
Shawville, from $20 up.	„	...	,, ...	..	, sinK'n8 thxl save the Queen.
Reminder -We would like subParties who can conveniently bring urn scription and advertising accounts due the wood promised The Equity some this journal paid up at ouce, as we need time ago, will oblige by doing so now.	the money. Promptness in this record ¦	T /-», . . . ,
Dr. L. Mulligan, Veterinary Surgeon, may save trouble and costs.	'	° T™*
¦rfcA"XüLfj&sttïs4-dSzssr^.àxüK.E.'t ,,, W1HI. , ,
g	who will continue husinesH in the same	Ottawa by a Journal reporter, who	say*	° . d	P?un- VV* ^ Hodgms	that	the
Herbie, the four-year old child	of	Mr.	Ntand. The change of buainese will lie no-	Mr. Obalski lays down the principle	that	minutes of laat meeting :is	now	read	be
Robt. Storey of Clarendon Front, narrow- *n our advertising columns.	the minerals of the district must be of andHre m;rehy confirmed.—Carried
PIPÉS? ËSrW* «MK
_«tbb, mmu. * «¦	% = r.% aistittys =
ATTORNEY AT LAW, Main at. Hall r_on	8 0t " W- Bro' A expedition Archie had the good luck of euroaie the depoeite at Sudbury. The
^h?dU|rtriotUAYiraoq,«i^y.^*ll222rt.i 7	bagging a deer of which there seemed to quality ia all right. One thing greatly in The second annual meeting of the Lily
^answered.	W d p pt' On Saturday Judge McCurry lined be an abundance in that locality.	lavor of the Calumet nickel is the presence Cheese 4 Butler Company will be held In the
montiib° al 4hawvlIIeflret rharsdsyefeaeb da,m‘fl t lark, of Elmsdale $100 and costs I Dr. Stackhouse, Sr., Surgeon Dentist,	^ cobalt, which makes the ore day of November at the hour of '/wo*o’c?ock
°	•	and a month in prison for keeping an	.ill u Rhawvills	on	T»o«d»ir	NY™	more valuable.	p m Every patron and shareholder should
««*	CyH^tor Stratton and	29th,-all day. Parties will oblige	by	, Calum et Island he says	has a good fu	,„ ^nch0mîuerY^7°wrdlïïly“
Officer Floody, of the Toronto Revenue	calling early. Hereafter the Doctor	in-	tur? M a ra,nm? d,8lr,ct-	The galena de	attend,
f Office, were at Parry Sound on the caae.	tends visiting Shawville on last Tuesday	O**118 are *°2d\ he 8aya	a,ld contain a
Mr. L Payette, horse dealer, of Mon-1	"hich took place on Teu.day last, will	be	field. This mine contains	nnca of a high
MANUFACTURING 3TATIONBR8 UOOK8BL t rea • wl a8a,n visit this village on Tues-	much regretted.	grade and in abundance.	up to 10 or the clock, a m., of Monday, the
”	«JS SETfiSK
—--------------— good condition.. Mr P. has already pur have agreed to close their business places
WILLIAM LLLIOTT	chased two car-loads here, and we learn 0n that date. Parties living a distance On Monday evening, previous to the
O AI LI FF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT vTant® t() ?ot tvy° car loftd8 more next from the villige are requested to keep this departure from this village of Hev. M. D
madeand p-omptretur/isaesured	$1.99 will get you one doz l>e8fc cabinet lo Shawv-lle they may have in contempla- congregated at the manse to pay their present year Is now due and payable, and
photos at Green's gallery, Pontiac House,	l,on til1 after the 24th.	farewell respecta to him, who	has	labor	will SBwSy"^* “Th^wlllmvotve^u!
. Shawville, from 29th Nov. till the 6th of	The Ottawa Journal	savs--Four hand	ed 80 8ucce88,u,1y among	them	for	the	Immediate payment will save exnense
A recent issue of the Ottawa Journal course.	the sweets of a jovial conversation. Lat-
had the following item: Dr. Rimer and Qnmfi Pffart	mad» -, i . er in the evening an excellent tea was
r.,^. _
SaW- ..-FF-™	ËrzSSa
a htiildiny fmm Mr I \T oL&i ^	roller mill. Mr. Dowd’s new venture will the purse would likely have been doub-
shawville. p.q.	cmS’rrs ft&wSSZg A -U£	a
srst*	ss± arsxrs£.*t F? assart	rrr;
for the accommodation of the public gener- ,	inrnlif» eF„	L 1	great benefit to the farmers of the district, their pastor, a kind and sympathetic
« gawav/Swc.	J^risrrars
Ladies' and genUJdcyeleaJupt for hire en,P*	of twenty yenre.	hearts of all.
GEORGE BURN, Meets the 4th Wednes-1 D- H* FINNIC •lay of every month
1
Mr. Austin Hodgins has bought out the bakery business from Mr. D. Wil-•on of this town. We wish our friend Austin success in his undertaking.
Court due* must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited
Drafts Issued on all Banking pointe___________
United States and Great Britain.
Notes and Bills collected.
H. S. Barnett, F.S | interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
rates.
e In the Doruin-
L.B.C
Ion
J. A. Cowan, Ii.8.
W. J. Fades, C. R.
Hums of $1 and upwards received 1j Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. m. to 3p. m. Saturday 10am. to 1 p. m.
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L D. S., DM,
Corner of Bank and Wellington Streets,
Special attention given to appointments made by mail.
! OTTAWA!
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
G. C. STEWART,
Guns, rifles and ammunition
PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON
(h R.C.P. AND 8., BDIN.)
OFFICE,
J. H. Shaw
Car
i

Shawville, Nov. 14, 1898.—Adjourned "ng resumed this day, members pres-Mr. Mayor, Thomas Prendergawt, Councillors, John Stewart, Thos. Me Far lane, W, C. McDowell, Alexander Workman, W. A. Hodgins and James Hart. Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by coun. W. C. McDowell,
o
ELMSIDE, QUE
meetm ent : !
Hr. Obaltkl's Opinion.
BOURBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Will attend all the Courts of the District, especially when required.
sec
S. A. 2EACZAT, B.C.L.
H. Mathehon, Sec. Treas
NOTICE.
CEO. C. WRIGHT
E. T. HODGINS,
Secretary
trlct when required.
JAS. HOPE* Co.
By order,
H. Matheson
Foresters Falls
Shawville, Nov. 7th. 1*98
Sc.-Trees
School Tax.
/
the
I
H. LaNG
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, » OFFICE : —COURT ST., SHAWVILLE.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All couru attended.
Sec. Trees
St. Lawrence Hall,
30
Nlrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Eggs, (fresh,)
Wool........
Butter.......
Pork per 100 Hay per ton. Calfskins.... Hides, dry..., Pelts........
15
.... 16 to 18
..... 14 to 15
3 75 to 4.25 9.00 to 10.00
.....35 to 50
.	00 to 6 00
..	40 to 75
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
PONTIAC HOUSf


OTTAWA MARKETS.

fi*,*-*
.18Ei

W
Peas 50 to 60 cents.
0.its, 25 to 30c.
Wheat. 70 to 75c.
Rye, 45 to 50c.
Buckwheat, 45 to 50c. Barley, 28 to 30c.
Hay, $8 to $9 per ton.
Straw, $4 00 to $6.00 per ton. Potatoes 65 to 60c per bag. Veal, 4 to 5c per lb.
Lamb, 8 to 11c per lb.
Butter, pm*. 20 to 23 cents. Butter, tub, 16 to 19 certs. E#r, frjth, 18 to 20 cents. Eggs, stored, 16 to 18 cents. Apples, $2 00 to $3 00 per bbl Tomatoes, 16 certs ner gallon. Cheese, wholesale, 9 to 10c. Cheese, retail, 12 to 12£c. Hides, rough, 6c pei pound]
I
I

\
M;
- \



f


.. -, A
\

I

###PAGE###2###
AN EH1EPTI0 8ÜFPEREE.
gradually to obliterate all marks of	** that! mothert What doe» 11
what some had called Sevesaiuu.	IqqJj likof Democrats and Hepuhli-
nearer her age. was more a comptai- Graham'# image and euperwripuoo ion of her childhood; the one who teai- | wUh I ooul.l w<e it. Murt have
ed and pelted lier hy turns, one day .hanged mighiily round Uueton ”	*, *„ei«r inl.rTel. wen MjMe#4le
putting angle worms in her ho om jual what they used to he when they qua r rll8,	n^urs Tsl« ¦!- *e TreeblS
to hear her scream and the next	w>, some against sn i	wee
Sarired-::	«...
street, and coveted so badly. Such nwl| »nd t.kw aldea with the I	Mr Ko,«rt McGee, of the Oth eon-
m
than she couui ^ ^ that night when he told me he	to rUlg for Margaret. You'll I think they are just as near right as pur, hase is enclosed in * ^rapper
hid volunteered, tie would be un-	want the camphor,	and	make a fuss,	the North, and I'm going to stick to	hearing the	fnll	'1 ?**?	JJv,
worthy of the Carle ton blood he bears,	^ course, so while	you	are enjoying	them through thick and thin	Williams’ P»nk	1 HI*	fnr	f	‘	.	,1
be to hesitate a moment I” and Lhat diversion, I’ll go and practice a shall have a battle before long, and yf your dealer does not Keep	.
the eye of the brave New	England	ylt tie with my gun. You know I	this may	lie	th - last tune	I'll ever	wj||	he	sent	post	v	nu
matron kindled as she added:	If 1 had	could never hit a barn without shoot-	write to	you.	I’ve l wen a	had boy.	nr	six	l wives	for	® - •	'• ' Rroi k-
tweuty sons 1 would rather all should i,lg twice, but I’m improving fast, and mother, and troubled you so much, hut ,y,« yyr Wi! bams Medicine •« die on the Federal battle field than L^all soon lie able tu pick off a Yankee if I'm shot you will forget all that.	Ont.
hive one turn traitor to his country! Jlt u distance of a mile l	and only remvml>er how, wnh all my
Oh. Jimmie, Jimmie, my poor misguid-	"2 o'clock, P. M. faults, l loved you still,—you and Tom
ed boy!"	"Well, mother, 1 take it lor granted and little Rose,—more than you ever
I( was a piteous cry which came y(,u a re nicely tucked up in bed, with guessed, from the depths of that mother's ach- |he cm tains draw n and a wet rag on "Ry the way. I believe I’ll send you ing heart,—a cry so full of	anguish	y,>ur head, as the result of what I’ve	a lock of	my	hair, cut just	over my
that I lose was startled, and	asked in	told you. I'm sorry that you should	left ear,	where you used to	think it
much alarm what it was about Jim-	fet,j so badly, and wish I	could see you	curled so nicely. Perhaps it will en
Had she heard from him, and | f(>r an hour or so.	as 1	could surely	hance its value if you know 1 severed
We have it with a bwvie knife, such as I now
carry with me WÊ her a calico dress by and by. It will lie the most costly present I can make her if the blockade is carried out, but it won’t be; that old Dull across the sea will be goring you with his horns first you know. Then you’ll have a sweet time up there, beset before and behind, and possibly annexed to Can ada. But I don't want to make you feel any bluer than you are probably feeling, so good bye, good bye.
"Your affectionate Hebei,
"JAMKS M CADLETON.'1

m
ail
A FENLON FARMER TELLS OF HIS REMARKAB E CURE.
LOVE AND WARN
»
A STORY OF SLAVERY DAYS.
By MARY J. HOLMES.
^ ^
little lTo el And yet we him. or at least to send for her veiy
a fool, nor yet soon-
there are
who will What can
husband answered You can ’ work t
divert your mind."
“I r in t l czni’i," was Rose s answei.
I don't know how to work. Oh, W i\-
I wish there wasn't any
the
Free F
lnniruble Mew


were some Jimmie down
Poo \ aiiupl
nay again lto»e was nu unnatural characier, ui&ny lik' her, some
themselves in this story and who will not. Gay. impulsive, Peking creatures, whom fash-
ami too indulgent their utmo-t to
What shall 1 do when you are gone» [ dot" she sobbed, and net
u n
in my l » cog U l zt mo e
not
work for me, darling, —
It will help
ill t lie soldier»
11
SU l<
icmiblv educat ion vent# have done
„IK)il, hut who still possess many traits of excellence, needing only adverse ci vumst inces to mould and haminet them into the genuine coin of truelle u ted womanhoo l. Such an one w as Hose. Reared hy a fond moi her pett d l v an oldvi brother, and teased by a younger, flittered hy friends and toe, and latterly ei reared and worshiped bus! and, K<> e had come to think
too much of her own importance
Misa Hosr
irktiowledged
I
lie. Willie w a r.
1 y
f
.is Mrs. Hose Mather.— nee Culeton of Bos:on. an ; hell.
ties
!
the Hall, was more bear.
that Mr. Mather told
It was in vain her how only a few could be officers, and that he was content to serve Ins country in any capacity, leaving the wore lucrative situations to those who needed them more. He did not tell her he had declined a post of honor, for the sake of one who seemed to him more worthy of it. He would rather this should reach her from some other source, and ere the day was over it did. for in a small town like Rockland it did not take long for every other ...... to know that William Mather had
enlisted as a piivate soldier, when ' might have been Colonel of a regiment, had he not given place to an-because that other had depending on him a bed-ridden mother, a crazy wife, and six little helpless chil-
^ How fast William Mather rose in the estimation of those who. never hav-known him intimately, had looked
haughty man,
were
OVERSKIRTS GOING OUT.
overskirts
marked
Efforts to popularize not seem to meet with any
*
on*
he
opinion
inie
whs he really dead#	I convince you we are right
"No, Rose," and in the mother's voice |*»en browbeaten and trodden upon by there was a hard, bitter tone. “No the North until forbearance has ceas-not dead, but better so, than what he ©d to be a virtue, and now that they've is. Oh 1 would i-o much rather he had thrown down the gauntlet we will died when a little, innocent child, than | meet them on their own terms live to bear the name he bears!
fell Rose i'll send
ot he r
I dare
say they have made you believe that "What name, mother? What has I We struck the first blow by firing into Jimmie done? Do tell me, you frighten Sumter, but. mother, those northern you look so whitel ’ and Ko.^e clung papers do lie so, all except the Herald, closer to her mother, who, with quiver- and a few others, which occasionally ing lip and faltering voice, told her come within a mile of the truth, but how recreant runaway Jimmie had even they have been bribed recently, joined the Confederate army under (>r something. If you want the untie iu regard, and was probably then biased truth of the matter subscribe marching on to Washington to meet f(>r the Richmond Examiner, or better her other son, in deadly conflict, it yet, the Charleston Mercury, whose might be; his hand, the very one, per- editor is a New England man, and of haps, to npeed the fratricidal bullet course is capable of ..udging right. He which should shed a brother’s life- | knows what has brought on this war.
He’ll tell you how the South CarolIn-No wonder that her heart grew faint I jans generously lx>re t he, insult of when she thought of her toy as a the Federal flag flying there defiantly Rebel,—uye, a rebel of ten times deep- |n their faces until they could bear it er dye that if he bad been born of no longer, and so one day we pitched Southern blood, and reared on South- in.
ei n soil, for the roof-tree which shel- "| say we, for I was there in Fort tered his childhood was almost beneath Moultrie, and saw the fight, but did the shadow of Hunker Hill’s menu not join, for the brave fellows, out of meut, and many an hour had he sport- compliment to my having been horn ed at its ba e, ploying directly above near Runker Hill, said 1 needn’t, so 1 the graves of those brave men who mounted a cotton bale and looked on, fell that awful day when the fierce feeling. I’ll admit, some as 1 used to thunders of war shook the hills of tios- on the Fourth of July, whim f saw ton, aud echoed across the smoky how noble old Sumter played her part, waters of the bay. Far up the lofty And once, when a shell hurst within tower, too, as high as he could reach, ten feet of me, turning things gener-his name was written with his own ally lopsy turvy. and blowing shirt boyish hand, and the mother had read sleeves and coat sleeves, and wuist-it there since receiving the shameful bands and boots, higher than a kite, I
told of bis dis- | was positively guilty of hurrahing for
he Stars and Stripes. I couldn’t help
A VALUABLE BOOK
mg
upon him as a cold	-	. .. ,
whose loyally was somewhat doubtful, and how proud Pose felt, even in the midst of her tears, as she heard on - side her hu hand’s praise. Even Widow Simms ventured to the Mather mansion telling her how glad
and offering to do what she volunteer, while. Annie,
jr irJS-t*
-valuable- Ix-oause iu future years .t
ma
all represented	Wmm
mt
every
t he
i ne
"P. S.—I Khali send this to Washington hy a chap who is goint to desert, you know, and join the Fédérais with a pitiful story about having been pressed into the Rebel service, telling them, too, how poor and wenk and demoralized we are,—how a handful of troops can lick us, and so draw them into our web, as a spider tempts a fly, don't you see ? They offered me that honor, knowing that a son of George Carleton, twice M. C. from Massachusetts, and now defunct, wouM lie above suspicion, and would thus gather a heap of items. But hang me, if I could turn spy on any terms.
» I respectfully deef am quite a somebody, owing to my having had sense enough to wait until I was twenty one, ere l ran away, and so bringing a part of my property with me. Money makes the ma re go here as elsewhere, hut I'm about running out. I wish you could send me a few thousand, can't you?"
To Be Continued.
she was ¦ ¦¦
could for the	..
unable to do anything for herself, could
only pray that God would bring Mr. Mather hack safely to the chi Id wife, uho was 8) lowed down with grief. How Annie longed to see her,—and, if possible, impart to her some portion of the hopeful trust which kept her own soul from fainting beneath its burden of anxious uncertainty. But the days pissed on, and Hose came no more to the cottage in the Hollow. Love for her husband had triumphed over every other feeling, and rousing from her state of inertness, she busied herself in v. rather trying to do, atbou-
litlle things which she fancied
comfort. . She
blood!
H iwail are
A PAPER MANSION
th 16 looms has Russian gentleman
at Savinowka,
constructed
house w
A 1 rge p pel
been erected by a
his country estate
upon
Todo.ia.
MMm
materia^.
The Louse WBa
ined. You see
doing, or sand M I ¦ might add to Willie »
lied him Willie now, as if that name
tenderer than Will* and
time he heard
c:i
were dearer the strong man, every it, felt, a sore pang,—there was something so plaintive in the tone, as if she
speaking of the dead.	letter which
It was a most beautiful summer day, grace. Climbing up the weary, wind when at last he left	her, and Rose's	jng	flight	of stairs, she had	looked	I it, to nave me.
heart warn well nigh bursting with its	through	blinding tears upon	that	And	yet, mother, I believe	the	North
load of pain. It was all in vain that name, — James Madison Carleton, — wrong,—and the South right, but so she said her usual form of prayer, half hoping it had been erased, it generous a people are we, that all we nevermore meaningless than now Beemed eo like a mockery 10 have it ask now, is for you to let us alone ; when her thoughts were so wholly a|>- there on Freedom’s Monument, and and if the Lincolnites won’ t do that, sorbed with something else. She did know that he who l ore it was a traitor why, then we must stoop to fight the not pray in faith, but because it was (0 his country. Yet there it was, jusr mud-sills. It's all humbug, too, about h habit of her childhood, a something af he left it years ago, and with a th© negroes being on the verge of m-shc rarely omitted, unless in too great blush of shame the mother crossed it surrection. A more faithful, devoted a hurry. No wonder	then that she	out,	juat	as	she fain would have	cross-	set, I	never saw.	They'll	fight	for
rose up from her devo'i • quite as ©ùi his sin could that have been. I their masters until they die, every yrief-strickcn as when	sr knelt put jt ,0Uld not. She knew that Jim-I man of them
down. God docs not	of . answer	mie	waa	in	the Southern army,	i _	-
what is mere lip service ai ->se was not wishing to speak of it at home, erett, 1 dare say, bo there s no danger yet a stranger to the prc.yci which where he already l»ore no envied name, of my meeting him In battle, and I m stirs th- heart and carries power with abe had come for sympathy to her only glad of R, lor to tell the truth, I it. Tli • parting was terrible, and Mr. daughter; and it was well for both she should feel rather ticklish raising my Math more than half repented when did, for it helped to divert Rose's grief gun against old lorn. May be, h . s.iw how tightly shs clung to his $nto a new and different channel; to though, he la humbugged like the rest. begging him to :ake her with eet her right on many points, and and forma a part vl that unit said to
same
were

UULF STREAM'S SOURCE.
investigation have shown that
in the world at their
OFFERTORY BUTTONS.
The wife of an English clergyman has made a collection of all the buttons placed in the offertory bags during the last two or three years, and h is fastened them to cardboard in various cunning shapes of animals, birds and flowers. As a bazaar is shortly to take place in connection with church she had these button pictures photographed, and copies will be on sale at the exhibition.
Reo nt
4
s great as the rivers mouths.
the
Tom will tell you that, and I What arc his politics? Bell and Ev-
SERVANT GIRL CROSSES.
hundred and forty-four gold
crosses were laat year distributed by
ihe Empress Augusta among as many German servant girls who had «w 1 continued for 40 yearn in the employ of one family.
[
One
AN UNEXPECTED NEMESIS
Mrs. Slim diet—The city water i pany has raised my rates Old Boarder—They muet have found out that we have salt mackerel for
breakfast.
a
•mi
nccK
L «







###PAGE###3###
I
of «tiff cardboard and butter it well*
Hull loaf sugar as for candy and rub over the form. Place the form on the
table/ and stick to the sugar a row of	„ . ,	.	-	„ . ,
imly flngerH, macaroon., klmm. nr oth- . I.he «hlbltlona of the En.t Indian er fancy oaken, beginning at the bottom f^kira, during which the deadly cobra
'(mi inuing i he decoration until the; la made t form is covered
SHAKE CHARM NO.
KLONDIKE TRAIL HORROR
Mhe
er end story, and beneath it a mound of earth—whether the grave of the writer or not it was impossible to say. The story on the tree reads;—
"Here is another fool who left home to seek fortune over this Godforsaken trail, after borrowing nil the money he could squceae out of his friends and poor relations, fellow pilgrims P*
Richardson lay down here and slept —how Jong he knew not—until he was awakened by a band of Indians Siwashes tended him and gave him food, and guided him onward until thi camp of Austin and his partner wai reached, where weak unto death, he staggered InU the tent.
¦•w the f«bn le Unde le Dance I# the
Ulnalc of « Finie.
AN AWFUL STORY OF PRIVAT10I
AND SUFFERING.
dance " to the music of
cold genlt, draw m,M"h^\"r,C.rd * ,lute' " "" "e.tsd a popular imprw-over past experiences in our lives with ! form and place the pyramid in the cen-
regiot thinking of how we might have |tre of the table ; then ornament the sensitive to the sound of music. Dr
dm,i, differently and of the possible ‘"l* wilh, rp.d “nd while rows nnd ferns ,	.	,	.	. or any deal r ed flow era ; bright colored
pleasures we may have missed. And | rlhtvms also m ike a pretty finishing
th «n, how eagerly we look forward to tli • future and think that when it has hevnme i he present we will grasp every situation am it presents itself and enjoy life to its full extent.
t(78T HERE AM) THERE
4 Young fin g I lnlimu.ru Mlruggle Knila In
anil Muir Me—Fell
Across Ihe Bleached Skeleton of mn Indian I hier.
God help you, poor
Star vallon
How umny of us, at times, look bark
Dead
siou that these creatures are extreme-
The history of the pilgi image over
J. C. Thompson says that demonst rations of this character are only tricks the Ashcroft trail to the gold fields of
tomatoes and a pint of good, white .oup	bl„ and fawiinated condition as it	tho«e	who, with spirits buoyed up with
*/* nre 1 lIlief in«|e,lionla 0,111	waves its body to and fro, is really in	hope,	followed the fickle goddess Por-
Ihese together for ten minutes and	tt fit of inlense anger. The trick is	tune	toward the ice bound creeks at
i v11 “u*r, 3 Puree B'eve- *>ut simple. Whenever the reptile is an- the borders of the Arctic in search of
r;:;"":”"; p-\1 sSrS11.,ï."Lt*TLt
Ü,LIII°« “,lk*" ‘•“'-ill- "W ft 1. U». w...h..B for a	„hicb, „b.„ ,w |»d b«n
.... „*». -.... .. »... sr^'Lrsr^a.r-:	.
not interfere with our enjoyment in the	til the soup is thoroughly thickened,	in front of it. If	one moves, no mat-	committed suicide; but it ia doubtful
future when It comes, for us to get all	Oysters a la Cress.—Place 20 large	fer how Ml,Khtly. there is ai correspond-	if, in the history of that desolate trail,
the pleasure	out of the present nor will	oysters in a chafing dish, add one table-	wh<m the Hindoo opens his snake basil rob the	past of any of its fond remem-	spoonful of Rhine wine or one good	kets the cobras rise naturally to their
branoes. It will rather create within us	teaspoonful of lemon juice one even	position of attack.	He commands them	man, the news of whose death has just
a greater capacity for enjoyment. .	te».poonful of ««It ,one quarter lea-	‘'j’f “ i^.'Lne	on” ,h2%W%ay	brought out by returning miner..
Did you ever think bow much better spoonful white pepper and one ounce ? via	from to side in time
this world would be if people were only butter. Cook till the oysters are	mU8jc The excited cobras fol-
ïïrrsï?:; % S". 5"	EmB sHS r~rf
lateuaely eelfiah (if we may be allowed a few minutes and three quarters of j t0’	,h«.iL-lvM on their cap-	Wa"<lered to the outskirts of an Th ,	„ wiLb , he HuHsian eamo-
the word), too apt to take everything	ow aulrterU/’lîn	Th« handling of giant boas and £<Uan bmy.ng ground, ten m.les out V4r	s,ioe lemon or lime.
wmm i »*»«*
Bow strange It is usually that nothing U * quarter ‘«blespoonfu parsley, lhe/8re taken up gently, but without
-—^ T""	whiter:::,”ZÆ
onos who have left us, why not giv6 Cook until a light brown, then add the their anger.	'
them more of that praise while they potatoes and stir carefully until brown, are here and can appreciate it f How | Add the parsley and salt and butter.
much brighter we might make this life If we only would.
When two or more persons get together in a sick room they are so apt
to forget that the conversation which | in^ in	1111,1 winter. A pot
seven or eight inches deep should be
secured the bottom covered an inch
deep with broken charcoal or potshreds,
Th,
Hundreds of
weary, footsore and
TEA-MAKING IN VARIETY.
The offering of a clip of tea seem# about the simplest form of hospitality, and on its face appears hardly capable of affording much entertainment. It remained for two ingenious girls to find out a way of relieving "afternoon teas" of their monotony, and rendering them truly entertaining.
These girls had travelled, and they had observed that tea was served in different ways in different countries. Their idea was to prepare tea for their guests after the method of other lands, serving it in all the more interesting ways in succession
Hut. in this looking I wick ward or forward we fail to appreciate the present We shoulsn’t forget that every moment holds something peculiar to it self; something we have never experienced liefore
any have done so as tragically as did G. E. Richardson
a young English-
IUch ardson, worn out in body and mind, crawled from a tent in which he
1:1:1

of
duction of the Uruguayan mode teadrinking. The tea of thnt country was used, prepared like Chinese tea, but with the drinking came the really entertaining part of the affair. There was something far removed fro hackneyed in the sight of a group of
Together Austin and hie partner |gu,,8ts drinkinK tea through silver
tubes, each of which had at the end
dead across the bleached skeleton of the chief i’hilip C. Austin, of Nebraska, and his partner, miners, into whose camp Richardson had crawled not long lbefore his suicide.
His I
ly was found by
CCI
the
GOVERNOR OF GIBRALTAR
There is no better example of the Spaniard's blindness to all that indicates a decay of his former grandeur than the following: It is a fact little known, but it is the truth, neverthe-
THE GLADIOLUS
lifted the dead Englishman from the funeral pyre and dug a «hallow grave near by for the body
The gladiolus can, it is asserted, he easily grown in pots for window bloom-
& ball-like strainer known as a bomba or bombilla. It is little wonder that
Austin tells
the story of the terrible experiences of I 1 tea was pronounced
the man who killed himself.	I Next on the list was a Mandarin
tea, in which a large artistic cup was set in a brass or silver holder. In
Two days before doing away with this cup the tea was placed and covered with boiling water. The process continued by the placing of a saucer inside the cup in an insaucer being of such a size that it just fitted the cup and kept in the steam and flavor of the tea. When the tea was drawn it was poured from the big cup Into dainty lit tie ones no larger than an
a 8UCCAS»
to them Is amusing may be simply agony to t he sufferer who is too weak to hear the sound of continual talk,
less, that though the British obtained
possession of Gibraltar as far back as
__	_____ .	...	#	,	...	1704, the Spaniards to this day con-
the strain of trying to attend to it. | ,h<vw covered with a couple of inches tend that they still have a proprie-
Intervals besides the nurse, and that, °°ver	K<>m pr,r< ’11	sni °	W1 ,n	point with regularity a Spanish Gov-	into «hreds, his body emaciated, and verted position, the
some one who can be trusted not to p1 'nrb of the top of	the pot. Set	ernor General of Gibraltar as often as	his face picturing	a record of long suf
55=353222 Hiss
m&tsrn	.........
It usually pays far better to keep light possible, fastening	it to	stakes	nor" of Gibraltar died-in Spain -he	1)r.opria|. ion of the	bacon, but before h
garment. In repair even until they are 'f necessary, and It will	give a	profu-	was buried with all the pomp befitting	cc>u,d rearh lht,	lnan he heard the
worn out all over than it does to buy	«1™ of beautiful blossoms	at a time	his rank, and ;v.th due solemnity his	etranger mihWlals	un(1 8ilw that he was
new ones. No refined woman should	when flowers are scarce.	If	the bulbs	successor was appointed.	shaking	as	with	aji	ague
be willing under any circumstances to potted at intervals of *wo weeks	__ prospectors listened, while between
=	^ THF T,™ HAN.	^^1%
edge or dragging facing. It la not poe- varieties to obtain the largest and "When a man gets so tired and worn something to eat Bible to present a tie at appearance	beet-marked blossoms.	out with work and worry that be feels
garments mended, although they may	I see it is becoming the	fad to have	^^leton, then- it i« tune for him to
•.^sr'ihT'lira	.... ^
have double as many and do hot care Ills courtship cinematographed, thank	t‘™es xv htm here 8 nothing
for them so systematically.	heaven I	l 1UBB atooea8.
RICHARDSON'S AWFUL JOURNEY
or
He staggered into the tent
Several
cups were broken and their contents «pilled, but the tea was good and the whole entertainment successful.
A Java tea, served in broad, flat cups and flavored with Batavia arrack, was fourth on the programme, and was followed by the Formosa, in which he tea was steeped with tea flowers and one or two orange flowers result was a perfume and a flavor ol the most intense kind. One of th#
The twr
The
His craving was
satisfied and he was dosed with qui-,	.	.......	.
nine from the little medicine chest and I Çu.eH. ? ri marked that they	not
given a place on the bed of dried Mnnkmg tea so much as wedding hou-
1 eaves.	IQW».
For two days Richardson shared th* ^ young lady who had spent a win-food and lied of the prospectors, and M®r l® tho Weet, Indies introduced the bit by bit he told Austin of his fearful I P an ,n vogue in Martinique. The adventures on the trail since, early in|,p/v1‘uP employed was nirrow and the fall of last year, he. with two oth- rather deep resembling the old-f ish-ers, had startl'd out merrily from Ash- '^ned lily cup. An aromatic tea was croft. They had one pack horse and I ,,se(L an<* a peculiar liqueur made <v two “go devils"—large wheels with the *"e monks An,‘ ny the old French goods strung on either side—to pack I housewives was added, in their supplies.	I Last of all came an up-to-date Parla
As a rule there's no-
A constant supply of fresh air, even In very cold weather, is so important
In the prevention and cure of diseases |pHE PUNCH CARTOON THAT 1NFU RIATED A FRENCH SYMPATHIZER that no effort should lie spared, to ses that sleeping rooms are well supplied with the free gift of God. When there Is no adequate system of ventilation provided, the following method is at once simple, economical and does not create a draught. Raise the lower sash of the window an dplnce in front of the opening at the bottom a piece of wood any desired width. This leaves a corresponding space between the meeting sashes in the middle of the window through which the current of air is directed upward toward the ceiling. While this may involve the use of an extra amount of fuel, It is a wise precaution, especially in t h* sickroom, where the exhalations from the sick body are both unpleasant and unwholesome.
There are some housewives who have such strong instincts of cleanliness that they spend all their time, and use up all their strength, in superfluous work. They can not seem to understand that certain articles are just as valuable and just ns useful after they have become oxidized by exposure as they were before, and they even scour the brass on their trunks find do other equally as unnecessary tasks.
Any mother who has the care of a household and family resting upon her has enough necessary work to do without looking around for superfluous work. She should consider that while sb« Is doing this she is neglecting a me duty that Is important, even if it is , only the duty of resting.
tea
STARTING OFF WELL

From Ashcroft to Quesnelle, 220 miles of good road, all went well, and the men were in very good spirits. The provisions taken in from Ashcroft had by this time been exhausted, and they reprovisioned at Quesnclle for the trip to Hazleton, which, they were told, was a thirty days' journey. They took thirty days" provisions, and, as a consequence, nearly starved to death, for instead of 250 miles it was 875.
The trail, too, was bad, hut not a circumstance to that from Haze I ton to Glenora. This was twice the distance represented to them by the people of Hazleton. Instead of 850 miles it was HHHI Advertisements gave the distance from Ashcroft to Glenora as 370 miles, when it was 1,400. The sufferings of the three between Hazelton and Glenora were almost beyond endurance.
After the provisions ran short, which occurred when about half way to Glenora from Hazelton,. they lived for ten days on a few ounces of porridge daily, and for five days—when the pangs of hunger drove them to desperation— they lived on the carcass of their pack horse, which they shot. Thus they worried along, fighting bard against death, until, to make matters worse, the party became separated, and Richardson was left alone with hardly enough food for one meal for an able bodied man.
He struggled on, sinking down time after time, and longing for death to release him from his sufferings. In one place, for a distance of five miles, he said to Austin, he counted 100 dead horses, and Indians told him of men who had Iain down and died, starving to death rather than eat the half famished beasts which had helped them patiently to wallow through mud and mire.
In one
HONORS FOR LADIES.
The Emperor of Austria has taken a step rather unu ual, and has decided to establish in honour of his forthcoming Jubilee an order of knighthood for ladies only, to be named after late Empress —t he Elizabeth Order. In England there are only two ordeia of which ladies ran be members, and one of them is confined to those who
are either members of th* sovereign's family, or (in a lower class) who have done some personal service to that family; while in the other case order is confined to women who have been connected with the Government of India. But for the generality of women, in Great Britain, there is no order available at all similar to several orders to which men are frequently appointed with such >ai is-faction to themselves for varying services to the country — such as the Bath and the Michael and George.
ft

iUi


%
%
7
*
4

the
1 K
V

V*


«r
• 1
I
t
%

M

710
a
the

I
%
the
so
/v
/
/y
l
z
WHEN BIRDB BEGIN TO SING.
An English ornithologist, having investigated the question of at what hour in summer the commonest small birds wake up and sing, states that the greenfinch is the earliest riser, as it
pipes as early as 1.30 in the morning the blackcap beginning at about 2.30 It is nearly 4 o'clock, and the sun ii well above the horizon, before the first real songster appears in the person of the blackbird. He is heard half ac hour before the thrush; and the chirp of the robin begins about the sam« length of time before that of the wren Finally, the house sparrow and th« tomtit occupy the last place on the This investigation has altogeth ruined the lark’s reputation foi early rising. That much-celebrated bin is quite a sluggard, as it does not ris* until long after the chaffinches, lin nets and a number of hedgerow bircb have been up and about.
Z

e
I
v*
CHOICE RECIPES.
Broiled Tenderloins.—Cut- the tenderloins in inch slices, brush both sides with melted butter and broil over a clear, bright, fire. Serve with fhe following sauce: Melt two tablespoonfuls of butter without browning, add two tablespoon fuis of flour and stir
until smooth. Add one pint of white stock and stir until thick and smooth.
Me» over hot water, add the strained juice of one half of a lemon, four
ts hie spoonfuls of freshly grated horse- T^ô aBLrioon herewith illustrated was rashness caused the others to hesitate, thousand horror#N^NN0^^^^^^M rad|«h and one t abîespoonriii nr me I-	jn Punch of October 22, and so Instead of following hie example, they Along the road were strewn hard-
Ud but ter. Season to taste cook for	[^^htted an Irish doctor practising in	decided it wue more safe to go down	ware, blankets,	rifles, cartridges— ev-
fonr minutes. Pour a porn on of the	London that he straightway rushed to	and express their feelings In letters,	ary conceivable	part of a Klondike's
""new on a heated platter, arrange on	the office of the paper and smashed the	Dozens of these reached the editor of	outfit—thrown	aside by heartbroken,
this the broiled tender],in, garnish	with hie umbrella. He was	Punch during the last week. Some	half distracted	wayfarers.
?„-r zrsrssssjr^t £ 52, s ssf&c • «?ii£zxsjs£z»srjs£
N
1
I
r

33
5/

Quit I—Pao Quo ?
Richardson passed through a great tract of soggy moss, with not a vestige of underbrush, and there he ate wade of moss and tried to chew the branches he found thirty miles of moss was i he scene of a
J. B.—u Go Away ! Go Away ! !”
French Organ Grinder.—“ Eh ? What you give me if I go away ?” “ I’ll give you something if you don’t ! !"
list
er

J. B
The
CONTRARY.
Yes, I see him. XVbat is there • peculiar about him I He’s the contraries! man alive. H has started a We’ll Worry All W! Want To, club.



###PAGE###4###
Truly
The Gquitj/.
NOW
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.

"V
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 17, 1898
is the time to prepare for .WINTER.......
u
For (lie greater convenience oj mg customers, in addition to mg Storehouse at Bristol, l have erected two new Store houses—one at McKee's and the other at Wg man's— and am prepared to bug all kinds of good, dean (drain, for which I will pa g the highest price the market will allow
Oil Saturday Lord Aberdeen embarked at Quebec for his home m Scotland» a f i ei ltia successor Lord Mmto had been sworn
IS THE CHANGE MADE
in a man's personal appearance by the suit he wears.
t
In.
L. A. for in b t ime t. mous during ha** bet n appointed magistrate foi t lie dial net of Terrebonne.
Mr. Achille* Curler, i x M
An ill-made suit will spoil a neat man's appearance, while an ill-made mail appears tolerably neat in a neat suit.
FURS.
G as pc, whose
the Mercier leg m
v
Note Oor List :
I
The difficulties between the Allans and the Dominion Government am to the win ter mail service is over the day of depart -from Liverpool, the company asking permission to leave on Saturday, the department insisting on Thursday, the customary day.
Canada will he represented at the Varia expedition in 11HX) by three commissioners, one from Quebec, one from Ontario and one from the Maritime Provinces. The Government of Quebec has appointed Mr. F. X. Perrault, of Montreal, who was at Philadelphia in 187b, and at Varia in 1878
i
Ulsters, Overcoats, Pea Jackets, Overalls,
f
Our Suits show a neat figure to advantage, and very much improve, and conceal the defects in an ill made figure, and make it appear much neater.
MEN'S
uro
1
We sell the Best. A moment’s inspection will prove it
E. GRAHAM.
Overcoats,
BOYS’
Eltneliie, Oct. 17th. 18W.
J A( ’ K ETS,
Collars,
Muffs,
Mittens.
C. FRAME.
Cretan question, stating that the difficult problem has witnessed displays of splendid and unexpected qualities and diplomacy upon the part of the admirals, who have successfully accomplished what the cabinets of Europe has been unable to do. 46 1 have sometimes thought, " he said that if the cabinets wore dismissed and
LADIES’
P. S.—Ov «ROOTS.
A great Conservative demonstration for the Eastern Townships is being arranged. It has been said that an election just might result in the Laurier Government^ defeat, while one two or three years hence must. The present Opposition activity will turn the might into a must also.
Season of 1898.
s 4
eXÏÏVom	placo'’ I We have a good stock of LADIES’
Men’s Fur and Cloth CLOTH Caps at much lower | JACKETS, prices than usual.
now
THE CRISIS WITH FRANCK
The Pontiac
Turning to the crisis with Franco the premier remarked: “ We have had quite recently to consider whether the question of a European war was not very near.
But with great interest and consideration the result has turned out happily, thiough the great judgment and common sense played by France, under circumstances of unusual difficulty, which, 1 think, have relieved Europe of a very dangerous and throating storm.
11 While matters were in suspense, the government was necessarily forced to take precautions that it should not be taken unawares. Therein» been some surprise on both sides of the channel at the fact that these preparations have not sudden-in Nipissing. They do not, however, | ^ ceased, but it is impossible to stop them come within the Liberal category of otfen i at a moment s notice.;i sive partisans. That is reserved for Con After referring to the various rumors servatives who happen +o have been ap 0f iutend*ut acti u arising out vt those pointed to places that Liberals want. ] preparations, including the seizure of
------—-------- I Syria and Crete and the declaration of a,
ISIss giigpl teSss
arrange the inland revenue receipt*, the aspiration, indicated by the cheering „f I will be clo.ea.
.......... the audience. I do not venture to prophecy, if we are forced by others into a position we do not now occupy, what may occur, but we are well satisfied with the existing state of things and we do not think any cause has arisen to necessitate
It seems to be growing plainer that I f ‘f 00 our Part at Preae,,t tv Spain will prefer to break up the peace lt* conference at Paris to surrendering her sovereignty over the Philippines. As she is not in a position to renew the war, even if she does break up the peace ne» initiations, the matter of fact folk in the United States are not likely to be greatly worried. Their heat title is in their grip and it is a fairly firm one.
A few good ones still 00ll8H 3ÆîllS hand will be sold at
Prohibition papers, which are also Lib eral, are preparing their readers for the definite annouucemnt of the Government s attitude on the issue raised by the pleb-The Government’s reply to the
is evi* The smallest
on
Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of the farmers of the surrounding country.
ills
Be sure and get our prices for
iscite
demand for prohibition measure dently expected to be a no. of the yes majority is being dilated on
greatly reduced prices. —Sure bargains.
«PROBES.
Liberal appointees of a Liberal Government were the chief dispensers of whiskey in the efforts of the Liberal machine to elect a Liberal to the Ontario Legislature
J. H. SHAW.
E. HODGINS &
SONS.
done on shortest notice and with the usual satisfaction
to customers.
tax on the Canadian leaf going into manufacture being leas than that on the imported article. The tobacco raisers are Incoming too industrious for the Government.
The large stock Of Goods In connection, namely of-»
J. C. McGuire
TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, SERGES, FLANNELS, PRINTS, &c
I
NEW
GOODS
I
Butcher
#
Lord Salisbury said that while sympathizing with^the object ot the Czir a disarmament proposal, it is impossible in the pro out state and temper of the world to intermit our naval and military precau-44 If Great Britain should ever permit her sea defences to weaken, her ’ I whole empire would come clatter to the ground.”
NEW
GOODS
and
Grocer—
e
s
will be found ready for the Fall Trade with a choice supply of
turns
M
I am now receiving and
into stock a complete range
Fresh and Cured
MEATS
will be found of the latest
passing
design, of superior manu-
of
WAR ON ALL SIDES
The financial statements of the D uni»-ion Government to the end of October .	,
show that, even compared with last year’.- | record breaking expenditures, that of this year is on the increase, both on ordinal y and capital account. This state of at!lire will continue also. In 1898-08 the Laurier Government spent §40,275,000; esti mates submitted to Parliament show that in 1898-99, it is expected to spend £47,970,000 And Mr. Tarte Bays:	Wait
till you see us next year!
—with a complete stock of
“ But what has been impressed upon
he said, “ is that the subject matter | PROPFRIF^ of war is terribly prevalent on all sides. ^	1
We see nations decaying whose government is so bad that it can neither main tain the power of self-defence nor retain the a fleet ion of its subjects; and when this occurs there are always neighbors impelled by some motive—it may be the Highest philanthropy or it may be the nat ural desire of empire—to contest as to who shall be heir to the falling nation, and that is the cause of war.”
Lie concluded by repudiating 44 all sug-
secretary of the Council of Arts and Mail-1 gestions that our preparations mean t f icttires, held in Montreal by the late ttlti country is animated by the lust of Mr. S. C. Stevenson, has been removed conquest or a love of war,” declaring that to Quebec, in order to give a second sal- Great Britain was only 44 resolved to ary to a clerk in the office of the Com- maintain the empire Britons have receiv-missioner for Agriculture. But as he c(i fr0m their forefathers and to support cannot inspect the schools at Montreal, i|lti peace which is theglory and susten-St. Hyacinthe, and Three Hivers, an ad- *uce t.f our empire.” ditiimal official has been appointed for
needed!	with a «weeping majority.
"FALL GOODS facture, and at prices that
cannot be honestly under. . cut. . .
CANNED GOODS, CONFECTIONERY, CANDIES (all kinds)
OF ALL LINES
To which I wish to call the attention ol my customers and the public generally. I
N
An
—also a variety of—
ijy The goods have been selected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intending I A. HODGINS,
purchasers.
Inspection
WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYERS.
Le Prix Courant states that the post of
—o
that |	A call will conv ince intending
purchasers that our goods are as represented, and that pi ices will compare favorably with any store in the county. % 1
our
PROPRIETOR
SILAS YOUNG,
AS^_Starke’s Comers.
J. G. McGUIRE,
MAIN ST., SBAWVILLE
ARMS™*™*
?
mm
ichoseni .wlffix"
s
«
Mr. Blanche!, Liberal member for Ver-Col. Theodore Roosevelt, Republican, I chores County, has been unseated.
the leader <.f the Rough Ridera in the 0ll tlm recommendation of Lord Aber-recent Cuban campaign, defeated Judge detfU thy Dl)milliou Guverument has con-
vis.i&t:i •*>•*» *<-*— “• »•-*
ity. The Congressional elections throughout the Union on the same date show Considerable Democratic gains.
¦x\>
A. J. JACKSON.
Furniture Furniture Furniture
good quality and of all styles at
Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.

it

j


m
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
relief fund
5


/.
Hon. Thomas Wood, member of the Legislative Council died at Dunham, Que., Sunday, aged 83 years. He was a con
./
n

kM
L
$
House & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator.

on
5
Important Speech by Lord Salisbury. 3ervalive in P°,itlc*-

F. C. Brown, B. A., for the past six assistant editor of the Christian
I
AT THE LORD MAYOR*8 BANQUET

%
• <

years
assuring in tone in regard to the questions
in dispute with France.	Mr. J. K., Furan, L L D , a well known
There wme about 850 guests present, in Catholic poet, author and journalist tti eluding member* of the diplomatic corp*, Canada, having been editor of the Moncabinet minsters and other distinguish treal True Witness for many years, is now ed people and their wives.	literary editor of United Canada of Oita
The premier responded to the toast to wa. He began this week. United Can* «* ger Majesty’s Ministers, ” and was ads completed its tenth volume with it#
loudly cheered.	I last issue.
Referring to the conferencei to ta ei ^ieut.-Col. Van Strsubenzle, formerly measures to suppress anarchy, the prem ^ q q 0( Military district No. 4, died ior said he had no great hope that legis ^ Kingston on Tuesdsy last from pneu lation would abate ‘ ‘ this horrible, mo11' monia. The Colonel served in the milt* strous affliction of humanity.	tary exoeditions to the Northwest in I860
jjtsiasasasssai J >»•


&

ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTKNDZDTO.

I ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
Marlin Repeaters £
hare Solid Tope, shedding water like a f duck's bark. <>ur W-paoe book (Just out) T-tvlls all about them. Up-to-date la for- IW matlon about powder*.black and smoko- J
1% esssjsvwsaÿSA x x *
For Prices on MARLINS, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.
o
RST-CLASS WORKMANSBIp’aND SAT
?
«FACTION GUARANTEED.
1
JAMES M°ARTHUR
O
1
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF TH1
8HAWIVILLE.
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
?
,
.f

	
I

l
X
###PAGE###5###
Dreyfus will be Brought Back
Men'» mitts and Moccasins—immense stock—all kinds.
London, Nov. 11.—The Morning Post's correspondent at Paris says it has been decided to bring Dreyfus back from the Ido de Diable and confront him with the witnesses of his alleged confession.
A despatch from Paris mays the case of Lieut. Col. Picquart, who is confined in the Pheriche Midi military prison on the charge of forgery and using forged documents in connection with the Dreyfus case, will be decided on to morrow unconditional release seems to be assured
J. H. Shaw

Special Value
HORSES
WANTED.
WATERPROOFS CHOICE BLACK DRESS GOODS
?
IN
Il IH
2*
&c
»
The undersigned will be at
McGuire’s Ilutel, Shawville, on Tvesday, the 22nd of November, inst., to purchase all kinds of Horses. Must be sound and good workers—4 years old and older. Liberal prices will be paid.
Hospital Tor Consumptives.
Montreal, Nov. 14.—Dr. A. J. Richer, of this city, has just been completing arrangements for the establishment of a #an i tori uni at St. Agathe des Monts for the exclusive treatment of consumptives. A final decision was reached in the matter Friday afternoon, and the work of construction will commence on Monday next.
O

F

Fall Novelties in
COLORED DRESS GOODS
AND SILKS...........
STYLISH JACKETS
s>•'—
L. PAYETTE
)
Montreal.
Crew Devoured jby Otoalbale
In the Leading Colors.
K
NATIVES OF SOLOMON ISLANI» ACTE I » TREACHEROUSLY.
NOTICE
To All Whom it May Concern.
9
r
An elegant Range of
San Francisco, Cal., Nov. 14
'
ing upon the sup|M»sed peaceful intentions of the Solomon Islanders, Captain Kohl shon a German trader and the owner of a cutter called Sea Ghost, started from Queensland in the early part of September for the Island of Buka, German Solo-group, with the intention of securing a cargo of Copra.
The telegraph despatches stated in brief a few weeks ago that the Sea Ghost crew had been killed by natives. The mail from Sydney brings the further de tails ;
CLOAKINGS & CAPE CLOTH, LADIES’ VESTS,
MISSES’ VESTS
CHILDREN’S VESTS,

—O
/
I hereby give notice that I will not be held reaponalble for the payment of any debts contracted In my name without my written order.
DANIEL LEITCFf,
Lot 21; It. 2. Clarendon,
i
November 3rd, 1898
mon

i
/

BUSINESS
CHANGE.
Iü all Sizes and great variety of Prices.
CflC_OL ro,n?}f<i
Tlio craft wan attacked by natives who treacherously came alongside with palm
branches as expressing friendliness. Ill	, .	—.	e	_
when they reached tin-ixwit u,vy 8,«i- Have you seen the Flannelettes and
denly drew knives and spears and killed n ¦	...	...
seven out of the crew of ten, including RCaOV^tO" WCaf WPQPPCPS at”~
( ' iptain Kholshon.	1	*	r *
The bodies of the demi
o

The undersigned desire to inform the people of Hhawville and surrounding country that they have bought out the Tlnsmilhing Busier ms and Flock of Mr. HARRY PERRY, in Hhawville. and that they Intend carrying on the same In the old stand—opposite the Rug-sell House. P»y strict attention to business and square dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patron-
G. F. HOGGINS’
baitibhtil store ?
men were eaten. The natives became drunk with whiskey obtained on the schooner and two of the crew who were not killed but taken oners escaped in a boat. They picked up by a trader and taken to Queensland.

pns-
were
A Claim for Half A Million
o
age
P. S.—FURS are moving out rapidly.
M8PVTE OVER VALUABLE PROPERTY AT
BUCKINGHAM.
THE STOCK COMPRISES A NICE LINE OP 1
COOKING, BOX AND PARLOTE
I
Quebec, Nov. 14.—An action for dam* log can be obtained from tbe following I age« was entered in the Suyierior Court *lrme :	I here on Saturday against Mr. Frank Rush,
and the amount claimed is $600,000, which is the largest amount ever claimed
in this district for damages.	concluded that ahe had been killed.
The plaintiff in the case is Mr. Jno. Native chiefs to the number oi 100, were Livingstone, accountant of Montreal, who I arrested by the British authorities and represents a syndicate of American cap-1 placed on trial for murder. It is prob-italists.	I Able that the thirteen executed were the
principal promoters of the rebellion.
-STOVES-
8H0REVR READY-TO WEAR Cloth
STOVE FURNISHINGS,
COOKING UTENSILS, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &c.
H. 8. DOWD, Quyon.
G. F. HOD01N8. Hhawville. O’MEARA BROS., Bryson.
PAUL McNALLY,Campbell's Bay F. A. M AYLONEY,Chapeau.
Mr. Lambe has also a number of shells and turtle remains found in the same district with the dinosaurs; an almost perfect specimen of a leaf, some pieces of fossil wood of large size and numerous remains of small animals.
—of all kinds satisfactorily dune, at—
MODERATE PRICES.
Shawville
GEO. W DALE. KOBT. A. DALE.
The action is based on an alleged promise of sale. In 1873 the firm of Rosa Bros., which was composed of Messrs. Jno. and Frank Ross, purchased from Messrs. Lemoyne and Company consider-
Shawville, Nov. 15,1SV8
LIVERY.
Sentenced to Death
Curious Church Row
Shawville
Sash and Door Factory.
McCredie & Hollins, Proprietors.
»ble probity in the Ottawa district | m^ereTof wL^Burton, w^ee^en^ known as the Buckingham property
ANTI.RITUALISTS FINED FOR DISTURBING
CHURCH SERVICES.
_	__ r •	11a , hy Judge Dubuc, to hang on Dec. 23.
0	s I Last autumn Mr. Livingstone applied t< ' Brown took the verdict and aentence very 1 London, Nov. 1.—John Keneit, the
First class horses <xnu rigs I ,r; fran* Rotw to acquire the property, Cljmi- and never moved a muscle when anti-ritualist crusader, and Daniel Hone at nnnnlnr nrinpc	which was considered to be very valuable, 8enlenC0 waa pronounced.	were summoned before the Worship street
at popular pi ices.	for the pulp wcud itcontamed. Mr. Liv	_____^_______ police magistrate f.r riptou, behavior in
"mmrn.
I .ion» of the church. The collection» will I withdrawn by the church warden.
be made gradually so as not to prove a burden. The membership of the church is 2,800,000 and of the Sunday schools nearly equal.

Sashes, Doors. Mouldings, Blinds, etc., mauufacta ed to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on ihortest notice.
Estimates Furnish- d.
McArtlor & Young.

\


C\Ottawa^^
Business College.
(Established :t£ years.)
• ¦
k
PoEliec Pacific JiicUcn Hi

Fall term commences August 15th. A permanent sis IT of four experienced able expert teachers ; thirty two yearn of uninterrupted success ; being endorsed by the leading business and professional men of the Capital : each graduate getting the Dtp oma BRITISH justice meted out to MURDERERS of the Bud ness Educh tors’ Associât on of	0F MISSIONARIES.
Canada ; the success of our graduates (they are to be found everywhere) are points for your consideration. Head for new Catalogue.
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
148*154$ Bank St., Ottawa.
EJna Leslie, a poor Toronto unfortunate, took carbolic acid, and thus ended her miserable life. Her mother who lives at Seaforth, would not receive her remains
o
Thirteen Hanged
Official Time Table
r.M
AST
Arrive 9 45
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tRnekun ridge # tixnliey Parker’s « Tossing t* Mohrs t-luyon Wyman’s tTaiiK Bristol McKev’s Hhawville Clark ’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank î’Vinlon Con longe ‘ Mellon's .
Wall hum
• Flag Station. tTank. t'Flag Station
-----	Almost perfect remains of a mammoth Mrs. Wright, widow of the late Dr. H. 60#
London, Nov. 11.—-The mails from have been received at the Geological Sur-	P. Wright, of Ottawa, has donated his	#fc|||
Sierra Leone, West Africa, today bring vey from Muir Kirk, near St. Thomas,	large and valuable medical library to St.	824	“
news of the hanging ai Kwellu of thir- Ont. Part of one of the forelegs is miss*	Luke’s hospital in which the Doctor had	*	"
teen murderers of American missionaries, ing, but all the other parts of the skele taken re deep an interest, members of the United Brotherhood vf I ton are in good state of preservation. Imprisonment for life is the sentence Christ, in the Sherbro district of Sierra Mr. Lawrence Limbo of the Survey is upon Lucchesi, the anarchist, who Leone last May.	engaged at present putting the bones in	dered the Empress of Austria. The Swiss	7.45	“
The massacre vf the missionaries re their proper order. The Survey building	law does not provide for a death penally	<lM)
ferred to in the foregoing grew out of the is altogether too small to admit this mam	I(8 framers do not seem to have con tern-	8.12
dissatisfaction of the natives with the moth's remains being placed in an erect	plated the Inclination to cruel crime that
local hut tax. A number of chiefs rebel I- position.	lurks in sortie brains.
ed and the insurrection spread through The Survey has a mammoth’s jaw which Notice is given of application to par 1 the Sherbro district where the hvadquar was found by Sir V\ imam Logan in 1H.>^	Lament fora charter for a line of railway
tere of the missionaries of the United at Burlington Heights, near Hamilton.	from a g^tish Columbia port to Lake
Intending purchasers will find me Brotherhood of Christ were located. The	The tusks of the latest mammoth are Teelin, across the Stickeen river.
I insurgent# burned the mission houses and	about ten feet long, and the animal	when	Aa lhe firm	of	Messrs. Blake,	Cassels,
murdered a number of the missionaries,	erect was fully fifteen feet high.	Mr.	LmB and Co.,	are the applicants,	and as
among them Mr. and Mrs. Cain, and the	Lan,be considers the mammoth found at	Mp Lash is Mr.	Win. Mackenzie’s law
Misses Archer, Hatfield and Shenck. I	Muir Kirk died of starvation, Ls	teeth	yer^ jB Mfe	jnfer that the	million
Several of the missionaries, Mr. and Mrs. were worn down to the gums and lie cun-	ajre contractor has got something to do
Buriner, Mr. and Mrs. Minshall and the eiders it was very old as no signs of new	with the appüemtioa.
Mieses Muller and Ward, succeeded, after ones could be noticed in the jaws of the
terrible experiences in reaching Free mammoth. The teeth were almost as big When entering a printing office keep Town, capital of the British Colony of as a man s head. The mammoth is the	these rules:	Enter softly, sit down
most perfect specimen yet found in Can- quietly, subscribe for the paper in ad
vance, keep six feet away from the devil,
Mr. Lam be is engaged in fixing up the hands off the manuscript, don’t carry
away the exchanges or read the type < n the galleys. When you ask the editor to suppress an item of news because it does not suit you, then go and ask your grocer to exclude pickles from his store because you can’t eat them, or your butcher to cpiit making bologna because it goes against your stomach. There is just as much fairness in one as in the other. News is the editor’s stock in trade. So are pickles to the grocer and bologna to the butcher.—Ex.
W 21

9.06
6.12
8 58

S «
8 50

8 40
8 22
««

8.14
6.66
ft*
8 08
6 58
8 03
7 04

mur
7 52
7.26
TDEADY
-tV Jroll„
Tie Winter Traie
/
7.81
<1
7.18
es
7.18
8 03
X
7.06
6.54
8.30
/
6 39
8.47
Leave 6.30
4.55 Arrive
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway Aylmer.


P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT

CUTTERS
PATENTS

• «
#
Clot up in the latest and most stylish designs and finish.
An Inspection of these first-class Rigs Is re-1 Sierra Leone
spectfully invited.	I Miss Muller was rescued under the ads.	_
most thrilling conditions. A number of	—	r .
-, the natives, frightfully besmeared with remains of the dinosaurs found in the Bad As usual I am prepared to execute all | ybrnd of their earlier victims, had al- Lands on the Red Deer River, in the
house Northwest. Mr. Lambe has secured ex
PROMPTLY SECURED
Write for our interesting books " Inventor’s Help" and “How you are swindled Send us a rough sketch or model of yen invention or improvement and we will te you IVeo our opinion as to whether it probably patentable. Wc make a special! of applications rejected In other hand Highest references furnished.
f MARION * MARION PATENT SOLICITORS A
Civil A Mechanical Engineer#. Graduate# of Polytechnic School of Engineering. Bachelor App led Sciences. Laval University Patent Law Association. American Water V Association, N«w England Water Works 1 P. ti Soi veyors Society of Civil
orders for
ready surrounded the mission	. .	.
CMorma CM Meefc q Rrt\ I where she was and she owed her deliver- oellent remains of these extinct reptiles. QlOwpa, Dieigua, OCO.y snoe fo the arrival jult in the nick of time	Some of the bones are	enormous and in-
with the of a boat’s crew from a British warship,	dicate the great sise of	the reptiles. The
A British expedition was despatched to	dinosaurs were fully	sixty feet long
the scene of the uprising and the cremat-	They had three horns	on the head and
ed bodies of several of the missionaries	usually heavy armor	pistes along the
were recovered. The search for Mrs. back and on the shoulders. The reptiles Cain who fled to the bush at the time of were carnivorous. They belong to an the massacre, proved fruitless and it was j earlier period than the.-nammoths.


or anything in connection Blaeksmithing busin
ARTHUR SMILEY,
seawwillb. era.





*





###PAGE###6###
.r.r^'riiîr.'ssr.îs'ï	s;fc:"7 *n '"r.'î" t —-
niug of lieer punted on the sign hoard, direct ion for t ho dropping to take, and k 1	8,1,1 know ledge. The false
Vou HHk the young man to go into you decide the course of the river. You jh’Giee of the lYinuiiiiites were the that plane, and he would nay :	"Do	stand and see your children’s clmrac- «l<>Hest conceptions they had, hut the
you mean to insult me f" No. it must ter to long on with great impetuosity «ludahltes turned deliberately from the l»e n marble-floored bar-room. There and passion, and you cannot offert conception of a true Ood to idols. Two t up- must be no lustful pictures behind the them. (Jo up towards the source where men ,alk«‘d together in a railroad eta-fa- counter; t here must he no drunkard the character first starts, and decide ,^<>n at Buffalo, and were companions : "George, where have you	hlccuping while he takes his glass. It	that it shall take the right direction	at ta hie.	Hut one was west houud
lieen out !’ Yes, he has been	must be a place where elegant gent le-	and it will follow the path you give	<>n way	to Chicago, the other east
and he has been down, moi lie men come in and click their rut glass it.	*	I l*>uml for New York, Similarly,
" I is on the broad road to destruction for and drink to the announcement of Ihift 1 mmt you to remember, uh, 1 hoiigh the practices of the .lews may this life and the life to come. Father	flattering sentiment. Hut the young	father, oh mother, that it is what you	have been very like those of the sur-
snys: ” There is no use in the ten com-	man cannot always find that kind of	do that is going to effect your chi hi ten,	founding heathen, they were traveling
mandments ; the catechism seems to	a place, yet he h is a thirst, and it	and not w h u you say. You tell your	in opposite directions. The heathen
Rev. Dr.	Talmage	preached	from	the	,llv	to	be an utter failure.M Ah, my	must he gratified. The down grade is	children to become Christians while	were at least worshiping the highest
following	text:	"Seeing that	his	life	friend,	you make a very great mistake,	steeper now. nn«l he is almost at the	you are not, and they w|l] not. J'o i	u^‘*s 1 hey	knew, and were therefore
k bound up in the lad’s life '—Gen.	You aluffe<I that child with religion	bottom. Here they sit in tin oyster	think Noah’s family would have gone	looking up; and Hod’s	providence al-
%)	until he could not digest it; you made	eellir. around a card-table, wheezing,	into the ark if he had not gone in.	ways guides all sincere	aspirants into
’ w’	’hit which is a joy in many house-	bloated. and' bloodshot ; with cards so	They would say; No, there is nothing	Wter knowledge and	holier virtue.
1 heae words were spoken by Judah	holds, an abhorrence in yours. A man	greasy, you ran hardly tell who has	about the boat that is right; father	Hut the Jews knew of	the true God,
sa descriptive of the tenderness and in mid-life said to me : " I can’t liervine the best hand. Hut never mind, they has not gone in.” You cannot push ,lnd turned away from him, and there-the affection which Jacob felt to-	a Christian lu uiy father's house 1	are only playing for drink ; shuffle	children into I lie kingdom of God ; you	f'»re were deliberately	descending in
m i n.	*	r	Kot ‘such a prejudice against religion,	away! shuffle away I The landlord	have got to pull them in t Let It he la	secular and moral life
fwnjamiu,	the	youngest son	oi	, j don’t want any of it. My father was	stands In his shirt sleeves, with his	cheerful place, the brightest room in	10. The Lord spake to Manasseh. By
that patriarchal	family ; hut	they are	"ne of t he best men that ever lived,	hands on his hips, watching the game,	your house. Do not wear your chi I-	lloeen, by Joel, by Nahum, by Ila-
words just as appropriate to hundreds ,"1.1 he hut such severe notions about	and waiting for another call to fill up	dren’s knees out with long prayers,	bakkuk, and by Isaiah.	Psalms 4W, 7%,
of parents in this house—"si»™ his life lh,ngs' ftnd he jammed religion down	the glasses. It Is the hot breath of	Have the whole exercise spirited. If	77. and 14(1 are thought	to have been
^ i .	„	. I |ny throat until I don’t want any of j eterml woe t hat flushes that young you havef a melodeon. or an organ, or a written at this time. They would not
**1111(1 11P ln ("e lad i hie. 1 it, sir." I'here have lieen some who have man's cheek. In the jets of gaslight I piano in tho house, hive it .open. Then hearken. To shut the ear against have known parents that seemed to erred in t h 11 direction,	SH<' (he ^hooting out of the fiery ton-	lead in prayers. If you cannot make	God’s call is to close the	door of hope,
nave but little interest in their chil- I here are households where mother	gue of the worm t hit never dies. I lie	a prayer of your own, take "Matthew	Wherefore the Lord brought upon.
A father «ww “\fv son must	P^lls one way and fa i her pulls the	1 ',(,k strikes twelve ; it is the tolling	lient y s Prayers,’ or "i he Kpiscop il	There is	a sense	in which the
look rmt r V	\ *	Other. Father says: "My son, I told	* he hell of eternity at the burial	I rmyer-bork, —none letter thin that,	statement	is true	that God does
r h un self. If he comes up you | he	( j lllt, [ caught you in a ,l *oul. Two hours pass on. and Kneel down wphyour little one* mo?n- not punish in this life, the na-
well. all right ; if he turns out badly, falsehood i hat 1 would chastise you 1	all sound asleep in their *ng and night, and commend i hem to Mural confluences of wrong-
I cannot help it. I am not responsible for it, and now I am going to do «'hairs. Landlord says* "Conie, now, God. Do you think they will ever get doing sometimes follow close-for his tiehivinnr	ihe ^ " Mother says : " Don't ; let him off	up; it's time to shut up!” I h**y over it t After you are under the nod ly i he misdeeds. Sin and sorrows are
mm* riui, •	,	,	- ,7	^ Ithis time” in some families it is all °ok up and say : "What f" "It’s time * good many years, there will I e some I fastened together like a locomotive and
k m lire that 1 took. A1 scolding and fret fulness wit h the child; '«> shut up." Push them out into the powerful temptation around that son, & train of cars. The captains of the well might the shepherd throw a lamb from Monday morning to Saturday aV •	1 hey are going home. Let the but; the memory of father and mother host of the king of Assyria. The king
Uto a den of lions and then say: "Lit-	«'Khl, it is that style of culture. The	",l.fp crouch in the corner, and the	at morning and evening prayers will	of Assyria	was Ksar-haddon, who astis lamb look out for v.mruMf i" it	**)y is picked at, and picked at, and	children hide under the lied. They are	nave Its effects upon him ; it will bring	rended the	throne at	Sennacherib’s as..	. picke<l at. Now, you might lietter give tf‘'*ng home ! What is the history of nun back from the path of sin and eassinatiim. lie was one of the g rent-
i ^	'1 1 ' lp l‘as,‘ (^At even 1 °e one sound chastisement and have done hat young man ÎHe began his dissipa- ae®(h.	I est of Assyrian monarclis. After con-
wl Io°ks after its young. I have with it, than to indulge in the perpet- llon at the fashionable hotel, and Hut I want you to make a strict soliciting his own government he lias-gone through the woods on a summer’s | ual scolding and fret fulness. There is completed his damnation m the worst mark, a «harp plain line, between in- I tenecl westward to reduce the suhju-day, and I have	.« irr^it «mtvrv I U1*,rt> health in one good thunderstorm, Krug shop in the slums.	sy(:!Ml11 “iisrity on the part of your gaivd province which had asserted
•	. .	1 g	• thin in three or four days of cold 1 shall devote the rest of my remarks children and n vicious proclivity. Dp their freedom. Tartan was the name
«î » oira e nest, and 1 have climbed up drizzle,	to alleviation of parental nnxiety. Let not think your boys will go to ruin 0f his chief general. Took Manasseh
to nee What was the matter; 1 found I Heiv 19 A	who sa vs: "I will «O <o you as parents, that a great »>eoause they mike a racket A glum, among the thorns. An attack on Jer-
out that the birds were starving, and ! not err on the side that parent has ' eel1 of that anxiety will lie Lfted if [,'[TpslH>ri8,v^ (’K*K! makes t lie worst uaaleui captureef many of its citizens
M - Fw
exception. It is generally the case they can ; if they want to stay out	A vessel goes out to sea , I 14v j1 .V in the. child to correct It Da I of bulls. This was t be extreme indig-
that the old bird will pick your eyes they can; if they want to piny at raids 1 '	“18 been five days out ; a <> augh muse it is smart; If you J n i t y to which the king could be sub-
FT™ % % r. t	r^‘W?
twain if you approach too nearly the mid theatre, <*>n ; take your friends I ni{ilt«rf The ship is not seaworthy, v	hmkmg I hey do not understand	Carried him to Hibylou. Here
The fowl in the barnyard, with you ; do whatever you desire.’ '«d never was. It is a poor time to	understand. Do not ta k js <(Q<, of tjj0t>e Htartling evidences of
16 1 1 ^,ouP. and God intended ev- the Ixink a minute. Father goes in- ,"u(°'7 gravi*. I he time to make the	^v< 1 ^npu•	^ J,)U ‘J"	asseh’s father had formed an alliance
ehe:™= mmmi wmm
to the father or mol her: "You have Way ; it is not my cheque; that's for- |lh,,m the influence of Christs relt- ^“tldren aaf« for heaven? I heard <>f L„ „rror in ilw copying that gave us been looking after thie child's body «•’>>•. send for the indice !” " Ah,' I «'°1?- 1 <«11 you the dry dock of the - mot her wh-|. when t he house wne the word Btl.ylon here ; for how could
.nd mind; the time hw	when	^
, .and before hundreds	J:,?
.f _,„e with «horn the que.,ion	IT
HSÜ***™
aæsaæ
of the cAUaes of parental anxiety, and tween severity and too great leniency, had that crook ” And so I thought it “earf 1	* ou r?‘member her sorrow ov- i	Gf	|>eace to us. Just as divine
then how that anxiety may be allevi- «nd train our sons and daughters for was with the influence upon children.	JT?U_	fv	grace is I*'*'nified in, Je8UR Christ so
a ted.	usefulness on e^irth and bliss in heav- " you allow anything to stand in the kindnesies th Lb, hfi ,1 t Ï sin and 8uffer,ng »nd penitence and
mm##
•ays:	Oh, father does that himself !” and take dramatic attitudes, and tell Gfteen yeais ago gom to dust. A	, h t ^	war in all the fenced cities of Judah.
There is not one	of us this morning of his own indiscretions, and ask the	le man was telling me of the fact |	I J	Reorganized his army.
that would deliberately choose that his young man if he would not like to do ,hilt ao,ne 7P848 z,go tliere weJp }wo	-- 15. He took away the strange gods
children should in all things follow his the same. And they call him verdant, y^ung men who stopped at the doot dTjC QÏINÏ\ A V	11 nd the idol out of the house of the
example, and it is the consciousness and t hey say h * is green and unsophis- !i «ci tain Theatre in Washington. I *âZL v v 111 "fa Z Ol>lZvUL' Lord, and all the. altars he had built, of imperfection on our part as par- tirated, and wonder how he can hear ( he quest ion was whether they should	- He seems to have done everything in
•nts, that makes iLi most anxious for the puritanical straight-jacket. They go ,n:	( ^e,e was *° llp R 1NTFRNA FIONA! ! FSSON NOV un I his power to destroy the idolatry he
our children.	tell him he ought to break from hie	Immoral play enacted m that	LtaaUN.	HUV. 11. , h,i() ^ up Hp wa< now	..ringing
We are also distressed on account of mother’s apron strings, and they say, I 'heat re. One man went in; the other	| forth fruits meet for ie pen lance. Cast
the unwisdom of our discipline and in- "I will show you all about town. Come ««ycd out. I he young man who went •• ümia**rh’*	anil	Reprnfanrc.*' t them out of the city. As detestable
et ruction. It requites a great deal of with me. You ought to see the world. In wenl 0V. ^î*ouî 8411 t0 h*D au,l through <hron. ;w. 4*ol«len Text. I. John I. 9. I things. “Now he loathed them as ingenuity to build a house or fashion a It won’t hurt you. Do as you please,1 a.crow(l °f iniquity and died in a hos-	PRACTICAL	NOTES.	much ns he had loved them, and said
•hip; but more ingenuity to build the but it will be 1 he making of you.” Aft-	°* delirium tremens. The other v	„aT.,a. k . a ! to (hem, Get you lienee.' ” —Henry,
temple of a child's character, and er a while the young man says : "I	man* .w^° retreated, chose	* a anf |	16. He repaired the altars of the
launch it on the great ocean of time don't wnnt to he odd, nor can l afford bnrist, went into the Gospel, and is j the inhabitants of Jerusalem to err. It Lord Which doubtless he had himself and eternity. Where there is one pur- to sacrifice these friends, and I’ll go n‘,w ()ne °f the most eminent ministers need not seem strange that in a sue- destroyed. (Sacrificed thereon peace
eut that seems qualified for the w-ork, and see for myself." From the gates of ( 411481 in	country. And the fuj ftnd ix>DUiar desiKitism the offerings and | thank offerings,
there seem to be twenty parents who of hell there goes a shout of victory. J1 m who retreated gave as his reason	. h ,, ,	, . "Think offerings to praise Go I for
miserably fail. Here is a father who Farewell to all innocence-farewell to far (urning back from that iheatre king s example should be generally fed-, <Jp|ivpninrps. peace offerings to em-
says: "My cl Lid shall know nothing all early restraints favourable to that 1 .	1	1 p wa8 af1 early lowed. Even in our age fashions in ploy his f.ivo**M—Henry. Commanded
•it religion ; he shall hear nothing but innocence which, once gone,	never	'0,r;e within him, saying: Don’t go in! Rothes, [n literature, and in art are	Judah to serve the Lord God of	Isreal.
•w-1	y k m	-7 “"VtrK: « * 'r rT tïït t ""°
k in the morning to recite the	age. say: "Sir God has forgiven me	blases. 1 wish all the young	men and	happen	to be of royal blood. In anci-	must now lpad it l)ack Rl|t ^,ftS
•omnia n dînent h He is awakened	for nil tho sins of my lifetime, I know	of	my congregation	were in	Pnt times, and quite as much with the	when he went wrong his efforts at
5&vfi%KE	™: ip-| r	- " - EÏ3 Z
oon, and night. Passages of	comes over me overwhelmingly, and it	«'ke it tecouse it takex children at an	merely	related to each other as the	up the hill toward righteousne s he
ire are plastered on the bed-room	absolutely blots out my hope of hea-	eni lier point; and ilie inf.int	class l	Church	of England and the crown of	has to drag up a dead weight wh r.h
*£%£ SftrS s	S «r^-“slsSEWSsS^
take the boy aside and talk parents so anxious. Here are tempts- road to heaven. You cannot begin too loyalty to one and disloyalty to the hen whit Paul would hive c ; 11 ed and tell him what a great sin- tions for every form of dissipation and early. You "(and on the brink of a other. In such a condition every- I "saved as by fire.” The impulse he
or ebastiwmont, and too young very particular where he goea.	It	toward» the, pource of it, and you find I the king, who vru the recognised mod-	more	permanent imor^ion	tha?hl.
xnonr and feel the force of moral must be a fashionable hotel. He	could	a,ter s wtu,e where It cornea dow n, j of life. Worse than the heathen,	later	efforts to do right.
principle. Father and mother are sitting up for the boy to come home. It is mue o'clock at night—ten o'clock— it is twelve o’clock—it is half-past twelve o’clock, and they hear the night key jingle in the door. They say he is coming. George goes very softly through the hall, hoping to stairs before he is accosted, t her sa y s
TAB DUT! OF PARENTS
UV. DR. TALMAGE TALKS OF DISCIPLINE AND INSTRUCTION.

Seeflleleney aed Iwperfection of Parmi Themselves-Kerly Exhibitions ,»la relatas le the t’hlld Teeiptallees ol I	j
Wanes Penpld—The Dr. Appeal* la out
re
Séoad Exemple to their t hlldree
A despatch from Washington says:—
V j
dmn
7
\
X
whelps
i
you ought to be looking after ils mortal soul
mi
morning, noon, and night is, “What is to become of this child ? What will be its history ( of virtue or
Will it choose paths vice !
Christ or reject him 1 Where will it ¦pend eternity ?" I read of a vessel that foundered
launched ;
z'
“Afflictions, though they seem severe Jn mercy oft are sent ;
They stopped the prodigal's career And caused him to repent."
X

#
k
I
>n
v.ns
i

"3

*

. ....









###PAGE###7###

Remember thehame-
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA
THE BREAKER.
Is It Scrofula
DARKLY MYSTERIOUS.
Kipfrlfiri* of Twe Cycle re In the
•f Indie.
An incident which must have been quite as lively in itself as it is in the telling of it in given In "Our World's Cycling Commission," in Travel. The cyclers were in Bengal, where, one morning, they ran up to the only respectable bungalow of a village, unci called for some one to attend to their wants. To their surprise, their summons was answered by an Englishman, who explained that his house was not the dawk-bungalow, but who insisted on entertaining the strangers at breakfast and dinner. He was a mighty hunter and regaled his visitors with stories of adventure while he showed his collection of skins. Ihe
In appearance he was about as commonplace as other people—a middle-aged man. Inclined to portliness. As the train moved on he discussed commonplace subjects with me in s commonplace way. I should not hive been surprised to bave been told that he stockbroker or a solicitor, or
That FIIN Your Life with Pain and
Bread t
The best and most economical. Excels in every quality. Lead packages
ABOUT SURNAMES.
A curious custom which was preval-| *r
ent in England, even as late as the
seventeenth century
number of surnames.
torn of wearing patches on the face,
which originated with the ladies of
the court, who wore plasters cut in
the shape of crescents, stars, circles,
diamonds, hearts, crosses, etc. Hence
the word "court-plaster." Some went
so far as to patch their faces with a coach and four, a ship in full sail, a chateau, and many such things.
From this curious circumstance came the named Cross, Ship, Coulter, Castle,
Trump, Shear, Cloak, Sickles, Vane;
Flagg, Crow and Crebbe, and many others of equal significance.
as, 40, so and 60c
A Disease from Which Countless Thousands Suffer.
Hcrofula is emphatically a disease of the blood. It onuses eruptions, in flammation and sores. When it iif Lots the g lands of the neck they lie-Come swollen, causing disfigurement and discomfort. Affecting the eyes, it C tuse* blindness Though most common in childhood, it is liable to break out at any time, fully equipped for its terrible work. Fc.rofuH may be thoroughly eradicated from the system by Hood * Sarsaparilla and all its painful end disastrous consequences avoided. This greet medicine haï mi de thousitids of propls grateful by its cuius ef this diseuse. It attacks the enemy at once and with the first few doses the healing work begins you have any taint of scrofula in your blood it Is your duty to yourself nnd to others to take

Rotary Book Cases.
gave rise to a
a
WV1H
that he was engaged Ln the tea trade, In the course of our chat something happened to be said about curious oc-
itriugi 130 vole mes within «asy rrfe-fuv.e without moving nota
your cle^k.
It was the eus-

me oiitce specialty miq. ce.. LUM
r
ou pa lions.
"Well," mid my companion not suppose (hit there is any more curious occupation than my own
a breaker.”
He had not at all (he appearance of a man used to horses; but I suggested, "A horse-breaker, you mean ?"
"No," he «iid, "Just a plain breaker. A man who breaks things, breaks anything that requires to be broken; gets his living by breaking."
1 gkmced nervously at the communicator, though he looked even less like a lunatic than he did like a horse-
Toronto and Newmerkct, 0
T do
Wm.MirarAG*
I (till
Msoulaeiurere »f Jlkoa (JawO m«*. Store, Bo*ft »n<J Hetel Fiim/M. Jew
43 Alloa 8t, Toronto
V j
British Plato M Irrore, âe 19 to
narrator ways:
It was his tiger stories that made flesh tingle and our hair heave.
If
Central
our
We were in I he very heart, of the lieu
gal tiger district, and with the nonchalance of a rabbit-shoo 1er lie told us of the prevalence of these unwelcome
It was close here, be said, that
8TRATP0HD, OUT.
Beat Ootmnerolnl Hcho -1 lit Ac Prorfaoo
W J ELLIOTT.
hood's Sarsaparilla
SUGGESTION OF AN ECONOMIST
¦Æf
I
ralalufuefree
Excited Neighl>or, to Her Next-Door Neighbor—Hurry 1 Uun for the doctor. My busUind his tried to pom mit
He has shot himself four
restent Medicine. Sold by all $1 ; 6 fur $5	0 et only H- o lrn.
Can ad s'* O druggmt#.
W.C. HARRIS,Toronto
brutes
they caught a tiger credited witbhav-done to death two hundred na-
suicide t imes.
Next-Door Neighbor—Whit’s the use of getting the doctor? If you don't think any of his wounds will prove fatal why don't you reload the gun for him f
breaker.
"I see," he wild smiling, "that I must explain. When 1 left Cambridge wit h a classica* degree, no prospects and no Influence. I looked nbout for a profession. I found everything overcrowded; besides, none of the professions appealed to me at all. 1 like to travel about a little, and I enjoy social life. 1 like talking—talking to anyone. 1 hate work of uny kind. This being the ruse. I looked about me to see if there was not a chance for some new profession; If among our million wants there was not one that was not supplied. The idea came to me by accident. 1 was stopping at my uncle's house when he received as a present from his wife's brother, a singularly ugly, but very valuable pair of oriental vases. His wife's brother was frequently in my uncle's house, |tnd therefore these abominations had to be displayed. 1 heard him grumbling about this. 1 suggested that he should sell them. The idea, was of course, absurd ; he told me so. Nor, he said, could be break them himself, for his wife's brother would never forgive him, nor could ho aak his wife to break them, because, although he has been mauled fifteen years, he felt that he did not know her well enough ; nuf could he ask the servants to break them, for that would encourage carelessness and
' T hat ie all right,' 1 1 rose from my place and
ie only pills to take Hood ¦ Sarsaparilla.
are U
Hood’s Pills
Pays the
mg
with
Best
tivea
Price for
Are we likely to be attacked ?" we
should have sent him. I am to go the day after a wedding reception, when the prevents are being packed. Those, which, from their ugliness or worthlessness, ure not worth packing up and sending to t he bridegi oora's distant home, have been placed on a separate shelf. I shiill upset that shelf and accidently stamp on anything which is not broken in the fall. The Job won't take five minutes, ant 1 get three guineas for it. 1 am doing it for the bridegroom without the knowledge of the bride. Men begin to deceive women, very so m, l find."
"I have/' I said, "one or two little objects In my own home which—"
Rut at this moment the train entered Victoria station and though I managed to complete my sentence, and my companion said that he would be glad at any time to oblige me, in the confusion of our larrival I neglected to take his name and address or to give him mine."
LEAD.
SCRAP,
asked
" Well, I don’t know. You may be. but I rather think u frighten a tiger,'* was ihe reply.
Of course we said it would be rather nice to tee a tiger ; but as a matter of fact we regretted having talked about the absolute necessity of getting away with the moon rise. We tried to shake our host s convictions that it was at night tigers were on L prowl ; but he would nut accommodate
bicycle would
t Metal Werfc*
Roofing	„ „„
It #4 tf Oreom FLAT* BLACK BOARD* (We >u»p
tags. Teronto, done b* our Arm)
#!##&. #*.#. Futlmetee lurnJ*h#il fer
EWiflrae vaster90110
$100 Reward, $100.
mi
rite*! Ho!I*™ for Hoy oa-e thut It fai.»
work 00»pi-ie or fog
K;,»
/
blUhe4
the
l. COFFEE A CO.,
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
US
4
When the moon rose we went down to the banks of the river Son, where a bout was waiting to ferry us over. In an hour and a half wo were landed on the edge of an eery covert, and after some searching, hit the trail that led through thick jungle toward the Grand Trunk Road. Every instant we expected a fearsome tiger to spring upon us from the thicket. Maybe, we conjectured, the animals keep close to the roadway, watching for natives.
As our Rovers went spinning along in the mellow moonlight, eyes were strained ahead for any prowling ob-Once there was a quick steady-
j be re was some
to cure.
TORONTO. ONT.
V ft CO., Toledo, O
orM- th. h,,t.
IT DID NOT APPLY.
Mr. Wallace—Dolce far niente, I believe, meins a sweet doing nothing.
Mrs. Wallace—It won’t apply to that jam I made, for it has begum to work.
Hol.t h H*U>
Dominion Line Steamship»,
gupfrior accommode lion i or Ftr«t < able. Hea*
™.MnKîrr:î rororgs jim
; Steerage W and uoearfte acoorulag W steamer and berth. For all f*fer»atlea am>lp to Local Agenie, or Datid Tobbamoi ft COk tien’l Agents. 17 B|. gacramcnt fct..
Mo
anti
SIMPLE BASUT09
In Mrs. Barkly’s account of life at a frontier military post In Basutoland, South Africa, she build up a medical practice among the natives:
Fortunately, as It turned out, we
hid brought with us medical books
and a good medicine-chest, so that my
fame as a lady doctor soon spread
round the district, and at last such
crowds came for English medicines
that I had far more than I could do.
When I came out In the morning, I
.always found rows of natives sitting
tho ground, dressed in skins, and each holding a fowl to offer me as a tee In payment for my doctoring: At time I had about two hundred
1HOMAS-PHOSPHATEPOWDER
ject
ing down of pace	. .	..
beast running along in the shade, it t big enough for a camel, it was too big for a dog, so it must be a tiger.
Never a word was said. Each pretended
not to notice anything.	I . ,me ciaht TvriWBiTlB- A r ally prêcha
"Now I wonder what brute that L machine and not a mer<:nnO' wa»." on. of u. at .a.t remarked, m |
a pretended dont care voice.	-	.
zS J:
ing in a distinctly mysterious way. Fee0H |MpEDII,ENT8 of any nature enccs^s-
K55SS@gl@*Mi
was a poor, insignificant donkey.	m A	roughne** of «kl*. chapped hande
______ I ,or face. Tho Hntohlng* Medicine Co. roronU.
wasn
UPC 945
t
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
1 hrlftlesaness ¦aid
smashed the vases, one after the oih
EPPS’S
Sorry I was so
tti, on the floor
clumsy,' 1 *iid, you had better ring and have this rubbish cleared away.
He rang, and told the servant that 1 one had broken thorn accidentally. Winn fowls.	. .	.
BriEP
11	* I gave the Bnsuto ladies various lit-
tle things, chiefly large blue beads, which they liked very much. One said, through the interpreter. "No doubt these are what the Queen of England always wears; we are very proud to 11 have the samel"
on
GRATEFUL—COM PORTING.
COCOA
for goia, ew. Write for prices.
...
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
SLOW BUT SURE.
"The Farmers Gazette," published in Dublin, in an article on "Thomaa-I’hos-
T"ÆS5ïïnr.s.".oïïu"Sï,irsry
r.ir.iv'i,s'r"„	|
phosphate and lime present have a------------ ¦	—
rttss	LAW
their growth to a surprising degree, |	W W mond at w.. Toronto,
and it is in this fact that the value of
the manure for pasture lies. We have I ¦-yoo lure »n? APPLES, butter wen old meadows, which were unre-1 Ir ship. *ipth<m to munerative previously, become covered, after npplieat on, with white and clovers, excellent alike for hay
Like all ma-
«vpssa
CHILDREN, and »)«o Hr*-* raae «fully Ini tanU wtt «• Aliments and Debility have «Pled nil other lisarments. II dlesst* whs» Ell other Food Is rejected, ea se flO times its cost In medicine.
K/x YEARS' INVARIAB! K 50 100.000 ANNUAL ÇURLti o
EKESBEBB
Nervous Debill!y. Sleeplessness, De^pondeucy.
ATH by
my future profession me to some half-dozen people he knew, e of whom 1 hud never seen in my before
smn
life
They sent me invitations to thvii houses, and they indicated the objects on which 1 was to operate. In — _ first week* 1 broke, 1 remember, a lamp shaped like an owl, am oil paint Ing, a tea-service and a dining-room table."
"But un oil painting," I said, "How doea one break an oil painting #"
¦'It is simple enough,'* he said. "1 first of all undid the wires so th.it the COMPELLED BY FEMALE WEAK-
picture fell, then in picking it up 1 NESS TO GIVE UP SCHOOL put my foot through the face. It was a portrait of my host's wife’s aunt, it
more difficult to break the dining-1 mi she Brgae to lt»e i»od«r* table. 1 recollect that it became
ret
my
9UCOKBS if Conttlpii
ECO*or POULTRY
Commission Co., Limited,
to.
A QUEBEC GIRL
The Dawien
I
crimson
,TXU BARRY and Co. (Limited), 77 ReffoV I j street, London, W., also lo Pari*, lé Rni| de Csetiglione, and at all Grocers, ChenaUts,* and Stores everywhere, in tint *#., *••• w*., 0*^
SlkH^S kïMN'TTsticü^t^X
le. Gd. and 6a,
or grazing purposes nures which exert a continuous effect over a number of years, it is a little slow in showing the beneficial results of its action, and it is for this reason that we recommend its use during the autumn and winter, so that a sufficient time will have elapsed for its ef-
the crop to be seen by the
Superior KpîÆoth Four Dollars
Complete. To b* had only from M. BO KRUTH. 81 Queen 8t. K., Toron o 8<*nd stamp for circular and wamp.e of cloth before buying elsewhere.
Klrinrj
P1H» Now Miel» Healthy and Strong —INHld’e Bid nr V Mile Care Women*»
file.
was
room
necessary for tho purpose »o invent a somewhat boisterous form of round
¦l$ES
| these words: "for many daughter endured "Female Weakness" and No remedy we used
and she
Manufacturers

THE TRIUMPH
fects ui summer following
llljl
V
A DJUBTA BLE STOV K FIPES.
them. Manufactured by
c. B. BARCLAY,
,68 Adelaide St. W.. Toroeto
The
C0MIHC TO T0R0HT0
AND
WANTING PREMISES,
Can be accommodated with almost
ANY SIZE FLAT
m
OUT OF THE QUESTION.
M in ly. have you brought that young _ to his knees yet?
With the style of trousers they wear nowadays# AVhat are you thinking of auntie#
Hi
OLOHlBw
man
luTtD
No
QTAMMERERS.
U,.rW JviWnY^TK
9 Pembroke *t., Terente, Caned*
(
man
him as an assistant."
"It must need some tact," I suggest- the story in
months my
the
ail
TO CURB A COLD IN ONE DAY T*k« Lrtiati** Brorou Quinine Tablet»
#leU refund the mener it it fails to Cure
THE LEADING QUESTION.
Dat poet Valkin Meeler has arranget all de details for bees funeral pyre. Funeral pyre? Vot vos dot?
He vil haf himself set on fire VvD he
ees det.
Vot insurance
with elevator, heated, water conveniences and any amount of
ed.
All Dr r
"It does. It so often happens that l agonies of
!lI81ill§S
¦
STEAM POWER
was
e 4. ».	U.D.. IN. I OrtW*	P
\ TORONTO^.	THROAT?
by applying to
THE WILSON PUBLISHING COMPANY, UIMM
73 ADELAIDE W., TORONTO.
does he carry?
HAD SEEN ONE

A /' Vtv 7/1 CLTyy
horse race that
Did you ever see a you could say was absolutely honest?
I think I did, wunst, said Rubber-
The feller what was ahead
SLO
L
neck Bill had stoled the boss

4/0/
SALVATION TO SUFFERERS FROM
CATARRH.
All those suffering from Catarrh Bronchitis, Irritable Throat, Ac., an<i who wish for an absolute cure, send to the undersigned for sample bottle of their famous preparation and inhaler, pre-paid. It is neither a snuff nor a wash, norian ointment, but a pleasant remedy which is carried by atmospheric air Ho every part of the throat, lungs and nasal passages and fully warranted to cure. Address. N# 1, Poison & Co., Kingston, Ont.
Ma
dear
t.

dfeas.
$£uv
f
/
!
now
Ing no






	






>:
###PAGE###8###
9
*
Portare du Port Model School Art
Oontoit
The jUdKo. wore I~\V. Block, B. A,	""
anil i>lnears. Brabazon and Purvis.	Fee-one dollar.
Grade 11 Academy.-1, B (Irani, 2, C.	JAH- ARMSTRONG.
Thomson, 3, (*. Plat tied.-Grade 1 Acad 1	Ureen
omy. — 1, Ch Grant, 2, II. Fraser. -Grade 11 Model. —1, L Plaieted, 2. II. Eason,
», «I MoFeetore,—Grade I Model.—1,
M. Gagam, 2, C. Grant, 3, L McLean.— I The undersigned oilers for service Ills Grade III Elementary,—1, K. Brahaz m, .l,m,re'hrm1. 4arge English Herkshire Ilog
2. •*. Tt.om.nn, 3. L. Fnuer-Gr.de 111	Uut'^^e-'une
Elementary. —1, 11. Gagain, 2, A. Gilch l>ol|ar. r;«r, 3, C Etson.—J‘rimer II.—1, L.
I hmoaon, 2, XV, Grant, d, (i. Thomson. | Sept. 17,1898 —Senior I—1, E llodgins, 2, II. Tor angeau, 3, U. Reid.—Junior l.—1, D D. 11. Douglas, 2, E. Kearns.
pjEADY-TO-WEAR
Hog for Service.
Freize Ulsters,
Freize Reefers,
Hog for Service.
3
With extra large collars—just the thing you have been looking for—to order. Wo have any style of goods you .. wish, and we make them to fit or no sale ..


A. R. McGUIRE - THE TAILOR
ALKX. UK AN,
Ia)1 18, U. .’î (’laremloi
f
‘Jm
i
\
Pure-liiGil fierKsture flog
r. s
Overcoatings and Fancy Vestings
FOR SERVIC E.
Tilt! LEADING HOUSE "
Honor Holla For October
TTUP-TO-DATE
The undersigned offerKlfor service nls pure bred Berkshire Hog. Fee—One dollar.
('lass IV.—Essie Campbell 1, John I	UEOROE CATER,
Watt 2, Annie Creighton 3, Annie Melon —	lH* u
4. Class III.—Mabel Watt 1, Ella Camp- '
bell 2, Essie Creighton 3, Harriet Robin- $15,000 a week for hogs, quite $12,000 of son 4. Class II. Eddie Taylor 1, which govs away from the Ottawa dis*
Johnny Taylor 2. Class I. — Alaxeiua trict. We would be happy if every dollar Melon 1. Teacher, B. M. Brownlee. — it stayed close to home, and if hogs
increase beyond our capacity we are prepared to double it and find a market for all the hogs that are produced in this Grade IV.—1, Maggie Darkness, 2. I neighborhood
Morn	. . ChaiAiuillo	| John B. Duff, 3, Norman Duds.— Grade We are always glad to answer etmuiries
31 li wllCGXj OllclWVIIIwj	III. — l, Annie Dull* and Etta Shirley, aa lo brued of hogs, time of selling and will
Have just received from one of the most extensive manufac Kechnie*and'Yewie?Berk*e« .quai “3 letter*1 Py to <luole t'ncee by wire ur taring houses in Canada, one of the largest, best assorted and twbw Cuthbert,<m and Andrew D«»di	The Oeo. Matthew, Co. Ltd
most complete stocks of Furniture ever brought into the nqualV4n t!'Unc-î.nilCanip«lîi 5’ Llvinla ' Ottawa, Nov. re. ms.
county. lire display comprises—	Pearl Shirley. -Junior III.—1, El,ir
BEDROOM SUITES. .	(OFFICE CHAIRS,	J ?	0üntoi“ ^ Minto's pro-
ss»h?” HEET8' btiSSKS S“	t
EÎSB > *“ —	kw.teJîSaTÆ
MOI’VlS OH \1RS	Gordon Campbell and Marcus Duds equal, I A Letter From WlxmlpegOSlS
KnSv'uS'.«i«iw%ck««h	Wi-w* «=:¦.. 7.| The Dress Goods
2"isr	J? ÆrÆ %«.:*****«*
=w.^j.üaaw EF”—
and at prices to suit nil.	I	___ I our friends have had the opportunity of
;	I The following interesting letter has j	(hi® district within the past year
*+$ This Branch has been fully been receivetJ from the Geo. Matthews *ome of wh£m we learn have located here .	$	i ...	„	‘ Co. Ltd., in which they give some of the re^nly* *irat * may ®»y that this is
' equipped with all the neces- reasons why hogs should be sold alive:	e,ltlre,y » new district, and during the
, , v - . .	.. sary requirements, including ab^t'bacun h'^, w^Ta'^hld «"gr^àt i*ke"h“|,y (ma“y of.the atittler= at‘Pthi—n the Silk f
the best Embalming appliances that could be procured.	many emplir e. from farmers a* to reasons mo e«lua,tere) till it become ni'cee-	•
why hogs should be sold alive, so if you ?*rf lo ,,fve lhe land surveyed. It is a l DgnaptniSllt f will kindly grant us a small space we will	known to tbat Indians and '	¦
endeavor to give the facta as they exist l,a,*"breed« nave traversed this part many today.	y oars ago, and who today form nearly
During the past ten years the number I — ^ Vle I^PJJ^tion of the district. The
of hogs raised in Ontario has doubled !?nd 5ereV? owned at one timtt by the over and over again, until now there is y|,na(ba,‘ government, C. P. R. and Hud-
ft*	“°8C‘ ,0L"$,1 In tbs Stapls
r z: i«*	'.ï. CI Department -
only finding a market in England, but wh.oe< banka •»o, this town is situated have established a reputation second only a[v , ,ch also assigns to it some remark-to 44 home cured Irish " and 44 Danish " able ftiaturee- 0ur *ow“ though yet small bacon, and in catering to the trade there °n j wor, * of meTnt’, a"f promises an we find that in ordei to have our bacon abun”a”t f^ure. In the first place it is
trimmed and cured uniform it is necesfcry Kne4?f the most pr?minent fishin« .P°iote BlailkôtS S.2ld
fur us to do our own slaughtering.	1j.11, i®. Prov*lice» immense quantities of
.!E3.’rvsaffi I Comforters. -
It might be of interest for your readers summer resort, the lake supplying such .	HOWS tokm.wthat the bulk of Irish, Danish refreshing draughts for so many tourists.
ïni-'Tïwmm*	und CaI,adian bacon is sent to England in | I might also mention that mcrchantile
a biLUALTi.	what is known as Wiltshire cut
No. 2 Waltham
FURNITURE

? #4
The Secret | of Success I :
In llieenoriuoiis hihincKs done by
6PGHIRG.
(oo)
No. 2 School, Bristol
CUTHBERTSON & GRAHAM,
la in always having the right goods at the right TIME and at the
PRICES
they can always get just what they want here. The Fall and Winter season of 1898 will us behind the mark. Every department is now filled with only the best goods desirable for a Canadian winter—C onfortable Furs, Comfortable Clothing Comfortable Bedding, etc., etc., and the prices are as near right as the combined efforts of ready money and years of experience possibly make them.
RIGHT
Our customers know that
not find
4n extra of the Canada Gazette issued
c
can
DINING ROOM ROCKERS, KITCHEN ROCKERS. CHILDREN S RovKERS, CHILDREN S HIGH CHAIRS, CHILDRENS CRADLES, CHILDREN S TOY SETS -
This department is tilled with the latent novelties in plain and fancy Black tiuuuj, ranging from 15 cents per yard to $1 50 per yard. Colored Cashmeres and Serges in all the desirable colors for this season's wearing.
Scotch aud French Plaids in great variety, from 10 cents to 00 cents per yard.
—(1 Table and 2 Chairs.)
some
Z
\
UNDERTAKING
A
\
lie ly&ve nothing, old to. . show you
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS - - - A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING,
Next Door to G. M. Donalmion’h Jewellery Store
Business Stand lo loot.
WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY etc. etc.
The undersigned offers to rent the Store lately occupied by V. Mcfugg ; also for a I^LX millinery or dress-making shop, a pait of my Dwelling House adjoining. For terms j apply on the premises to
:
\ ou will find an extensive range of Canadian and English flannellettes from 4 cents to 15 cents per yard.

;
MRK. ( WIDOW) C. McCAGQ. I Bryson, Sept. ;‘tl. iMtti,
i
i
A complete stock of the above always on hand at
UNIFORMITY DESIRED
I
SIIAWVILLE
( We have never shown such \ A line of White and Gray \ Blankets and Comforters.
Or M.
flair Dressing Parlor

¦¦	¦¦¦¦ ¦This is business is quite brisk, there are three
the whole side, ham on, and in packing general stores, one of which belongs to —	.
it each side has to be measured and the Hudson Bay Co., two large hotels, XicMÜOS IXTOOllOIl _____	. weighed and sorted out so that in each two pool rooms, together with a couple of „
The under)!gned offers for sale the follow- b"x. when Pac.ked, *h° eide‘ *Jluat »“ littIe B^ceries. On the other hand the U 11(161^63,1 .*. .
within an inch of the same length, the surrounding country is well adapted to
thickness of fat and must all weigh farming and ranching, the principal Und within two pounds of each other—these extending west of the town and south bi-xes are never opened by the selling wards along the Massy River. Among agent*, but sent direct from »he dock to the many advantages this town has, there the purchaser and the agent looking over is seemingly one drawback, the invoice divides his selections accord- however, 1 may mention ing to the demand from the different closely surrounding the town is the parts, so if a dealer in the West End of poorest in the neighborhood. The prin- I Davmm	An +
London wants best weights, leanest melee- ciptil farming district is to be found ex-1 t-ion, he can get it, and of course has to	tending backward within a mile from the
pay the highest price for it, while the	town. Quite a number of land searchlight and heavy weights and fat bacon oft	ere, (some from Ontario), and others as
just as good pigs, cured and handled ex-	well who have come here viewing the
actly the same goes to the country. We	surroundings board the morning train and
mention these points to impress un our	return feeling somewhat disappointed.
All	Linda mi	the Valuation	Roll,	Mu	farmer friends the fact that more atten*	However, some of these I would term as
nicipality	of Thorne (absentee or resident)	tion must be paid to getting the hogs in	“ tenderfeet ” and are probably similar
on which two years taxes are now due, proper condition and then selling at the to the man who went looking for work will be sent in for the ensuing County	right	time.	and at the same time	praying	he	would
Sale, if such taxes are not paid before If	we take in say 2,000 hogs this week	not find it.
the loth	day	of December, 1898.	No	| and have only 500 that we can make first	Now, in conclusion, perhaps some of
further	notice	shall be given.	i selected stock from, you can readily	my Bryson friends who were so interest-
Beware costa. Fair warning.	understand that we cannot pay as much ed in my welfare last winter have not
By order,	money as though we got 1,500 firsts. A	forgotten me yet and perhaps would
S. M. LOGAN,	great many say to us: If hogs are too fat	joy a few rcmaiks from Winnipegosis, (I
Sec.-Treas., Thorne.	fur bacon they will make barrel pork. So	presume some of them would relish a nice
Thorne Centre, Oct. 10, 1898.	I they will, but hogs	for barrel pork are	little yarn,) 1 am not at all practised in
not worth within a	dollar a hundred of	spinning one but I might say 1 am pleas
A farmer named Francis Cloutier,	of j baco“ hogs, and we	desire to encourage	ed to hear of the success of some of my	I BOûtS aild ShfiM
Tring Junction, Que., acomunited sui	the farmers in producing the hog that is	school friends and extend my	sympathy
cide in a horrible manner on Tuesday	t$oln8	tc realize the most cash, knowing	to some whose luck has	been in	the	oppo-
night last. He shut himself up in his	lhat lhe more profitable it is to them, the	| site direction. I might also say the people	You’ll be glad if you do	and sorry
barn and then set fire to the building	more they wil1 raise» and the more they	| in this town are all prospectors, and are	% you don’t visit our shoe depart*
His charred remains were afterwards I raise the larRer Pro8Pects we have in busi very industrious and kind. When a mau I	ment, and get our prices on all
ness.	'	I goes from hie house speculating and leaves	up-to-date goods. Our store is
This summer the Canadian packers I his wife behind	him till such time ns he	filled	from floor	to ceiling	with	the
sending the product of thousands of hogs	is located, why	his neighbors would never	very	latest in	Fall	Footwear, for
Cornwall, Ont., Nov. 11.—Charles I weekly to England did not make enough think of reporting that they were divorced,	ladies and children, men and boys.
Walker. 12 years of ag<\ one of the Quar	barrel pork to keep local trade supplied—	or some other ridiculous thing and if one |	Our stock is admired by	all
ritr boys adopted by John J. Campbell,	why? For the reason that we could make	should accidentally wander into this town j	sales are large, and this	year will
of lot 14,	in	the	20th	concession	of	the	more money out of the bacon in England,	carrying such a	low occupation as gossip I	be a	record breaker.
Indian reservation,	near Athol,	while	re	and so paid at least $1.50 per 100 lbs.	reporter they certainly suffer the conae-
turning from the well after leading a more to the farmers in July and August quehce. There are lots of rails here and horse to water, was found lying outside than if we had been making stock for lo- they get a high drive out of town, but not •J the stable door in an unconscious state, cal trade, so we imported American pork fortunately, the people here live in peace.
Medical assistance was immediately sent, for home trade and exported Canadian Although there is not even a minister to but before the arrival of the physician the pork to England.	preach the gospel, the people are
boy died. It is supposed that a dog which If the farmers can give us the right God-fearing than in many places where he had, had the habit of nipping at the class of hogs steady through the year and therearethreeorfourclergymen. Well, Mr. horse’s heels, and that it did mo at this any increase in quantity let it be at the I Editor, I presume 1 have occupied a con time, ai d the kick intended for the dog time of the year when bacon is most in siderable space in your paper, and thank was received on the left temple of the lad. demand—Ju y and August, then we can ! ing you much for the same, crushing in the skull, and making a small gurrautee a steady mai ket that they can j	I remain, very respectfully,
wound below the ear,	j depend on. At present we are spendio I	Mrs. W. L. Campbell.

FOR SALE.
MAIN ST., - - SHAW VILLE

*1
J
If you rt quire a Hair Cut or Shave, you are guaranteed satisfaction at the tihawville ing Registered Stock Hair Dressing Parlour.
Parties wishing to have their razors honed or dreasetl e*n have t h* m put In excellent Condition for from 15 to 2$rente,
Thy my Hair Tonic.
with, i
or plain, all sizes. The latest el ties ^ in Ladies’ Wool, Cashmere and Kid Gloves.
or without sleeves, ribbed
nov-
same
A few SHROPSHIRE Ewes,
Several M
Ram Lambs,
Ram (\\ years old).
Also, sumo BERKSHIRE Pigs,
two monte old.
!
One
<4
which, The land
The Clothing
JOHN SMITH.
Ail the above Siook is registered and very
choice.
• #
Confidence in the clothing department was established long ago, but will be largely increased when you see the well made, neat.fitting stylish-looking suits we are selling at $5.00, $(>.00 $8 00 and $10.00. Mens' fall overcoats, equal to tailor-
made, at $5 00 to $10.00. Men’s underwear in all sizes and qualities, and at the very lowest prices.
The Delecacles of the Table#
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
THE HULL ELECTRIC GO
ED. It. BROWNLEE.
Clarendon
Public Notice.
Care run at Interval* of twenty minutes in the morning and fifteen minutes iu the afternoon, dally, Sundays Included.
When you come to Aylmer don’t fail to shoot the chute at Queen’s Put k.
Go through the maze puzzle If you can.
Ride on the Merry-go-round.
Groceries |
Water chute affords the finest amusement In the count i y. Endless chain takes y ou up In a bout and gravity b lugs you down wh o a great splash into the water, but you don’t get wet.
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pont iac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
en
W. It. TAYLOR.
Hec.-Treas
f k
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
found among the ruins. It is supposed Cloutier was temporarily insane.
S
1
*

Our
Trade Marks Designs
rrfWT^^ Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may ltrktv ascertain our opinion free whether an
- • THE LEADING HOUSE - -
quickly ascertain our opinion free ¦ ¦! invention is probably patentable. Communication» strictly confidential. Handbook on Patent» •ent free. Oldest Patents taken
fl. S. DOWD, - - - QDYON.
sjHdai notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
more


A handsomely Illustrated weekly. largest circulation of any scientific journal. Terms, $3 a year ; four months, $L Sold by all newsdealers.

New York
DgtOL, D.C


i


1 v







